THE WEATEZB.
roreeart mad* at Baa Fnui
circo for thirty hours eadlaff
dilalarht, February 26:
Eaa rraadsco aad viclaity—
Sain Friday; brisk to fcig-h
tenth east winds.
A. G. McADIE.
Sittrict Forecaster.
volume xcv— xo. 88.
RUSSIANS REPULSE ATTACK ON PORT ARTHUR;
NORTHERN MANCHURIA INVADED BY THE JAPANESE
LONDON, Feb. 26.— Following the disastrous attempt by the Japanese to sink merchant vessels in the harbor at Port Arthur, with the object of blocking the channel
to prevent the escape of the Russian fleet, Admiral Togo's warships returned early on Thursday morning ancf renewed the' bombardment. A brief dispatch from Viceroy
Alexieffs chief of staff to the- Czar reports a general repulse of the Japanese. Private advices from a Russian source declare' the losses of the Japanese were
heavy. More interesting than the Port Arthur battle is the confirmation of the news that a Japanese army has landed near Vladivostok to begin an invasion of northern
Manchuria with the object of getting behind the Russian forces and cutting their base of supplies. Vladivostok itself may be attacked by land and sea.
HIGHWAY MEN
IMPRISON A
NIGHT CLERK
CommitDaring Crime
in Portland and
Get Away.
Attempt to Plunder Safe in
Office of a jtailroad
Company.
leck Employe in Freight Car After
Trying to Forc« Him by Threats
to Open Strong Box.
Special rvfr»*-fr to The Gall
PORTLAND. Ore.. Feb. So.— If M. E.
Butler, r.ight clerk of the Southern Pa-
Ofe combination to the- company's safe
three hiphwiymen would be richer by
eoit:* thousands than they are. About
fc o'clock this evening Butler stepped
out of the office to check up some
cars, when three masked men confront
ed him aad ordered him to hold up
bia har.ds. They went throurh his
pockets, taking his watch and some
cash. They then marched him into
th» office and told him to open the
tirket box. Butler did so and the rob
bers obtained about $10 more. They
•then ord^r^-d him to op*>n the safe and
Wbea Butler protested that he did not
kr.ow th* combination one of the rob
bers placed the muzzle of a revolver to
Butler's head and announced that he
■would give the trembling clerk until
fcp counted three to open the safe.
"If you don't open it then." said the
highwayman. "I'll blow your head off."'
Another robber prtJaed a second Dis
tal into the back of ButWs neck and
the first ruffian becan to rount. Butler
•was nearly dead with fright when the
robber counted three, but neither of the
highwaymen fired. Instoad they took
Hutier up the track 100 yards and
locked him in a box car. ButW tvsan
tn ehout and pound on th* rl&es of the
car. but it was a full hour before he
succeeded in attracting any attention.
BRYAN'S SUIT DEMURRED
TO BY BENXLTTS WIDOW
JCebraskan Consults With Probate
Jadffe <1raveland on Matters Per
taining to Document.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Feb. 25. —
William J. Bryan cime here to-day
from Washington on business con
r Vrt»*d with the will of the late P. S.
Bennett, of which he is executor. He
was in consultation this afternoon
■with Judge Cleaveland of the Probate
Court. ... *.
A new demurrer was filed In the
Superior Court to-day by counsel for
Mrs. Bennett, widow of P. S. Bennett.
The demurrer was to the answer re
cently entered by Bryan to the suit
for construction of the Bennett will.
Bryan said he had informed Judge
Cleaveland that all parties interested
In the will have apreed upon a plan
for the disposal of the personal estate,
which, however, has nothing to do
with the matter row in litigation.
PAYMASTER BISCOE UNDER
ARREST ON" TIIK OREGON
Cliarc** of Neglect Against Him Pre
vents Detachment — His Accounts
In Washington Straight.
•WASHINGTON. Feb. 25. — The
JCavy Department has been informed
by Rear Admiral Evans, commander
in chief of the Asiatic squadron, that
Paymaster Biscoe of the battleship
Oregon cannot be detached at pres
ent, zs requested by the department,
because he has been placed under ar
rert pending his appearance before a
court-martial on a charge of neglect
of duty, as published yesterday in The
Ean Francisco Call.
Scawell Too 111 to Travel.
HONOLULU. Feb. 19.— The United
States navy supply ship Supply, which
arrived Irotn Guam, may remain here
for fome time, as Governor Sewell's
condition is quite serious, and it may be
dangerous for him to continue on the
voyage to San Francisco. While the
Governor has ma<5e some slight 1m
j.r-'vement since arriving in port, it Is
thougbt best to detain the Supplr for
the present until further orders can be
received from Washington.
Jett's Attorney Indicted.
JACKSON. Ky.. Feb. 25. — The
Orand # Jury to-day returned indict
ments against B. F. French, attorney
for Curtis Jett. and Ed Callahan. for
mer Sheriff of Breathltt County, on
the charge of subornation of perjury
tn tbe late Jett-Whita trials.
The San Francisco Call
RUSSIAN WARSHIPS Df THE PORT ARTHUR HARBOR RESISTING AX ATTACK BY THE JAPANESE FLEET UNDER ADMIRAL TOGO.
Japanese Army Lands Near
Vladivostok and Invades
Northern Manchuria.
Special Cablegram to The Call and Xew York nerald. Copyright, 1904, by
the Xew York Herald Publishing Co mpany.
YIXKOW, Feb. 25. — Native reports that the ' Japanese
landed at Possiet Bay. and subsequently undertook operations
against Hunchun and 'toward Kirin have received qualified con
firmation from English missionary refugees who have arrived
at Newchwang. These persons say the-Russo-Chinese Bank has
removed from Kirin to Kwanchongtsi, where commercial in
terests are seeking safety and defense. This reported advance
has produced consternation among European civilians residing
in the line of -march. It is reported also that the Russian Gov
ernment bureau at Vladivostok has withdrawn to Khabarovsk.
Possiet Bay is in Russian Manchuria, about seventy-five
miles southwest of Vladivostok. Hunchun. is on the left bank
of the Tumen River and about forty miles to the west of Possiet
Bay. Kirin is a big Manchurian town, and lies about 220 miles
inland and to. the west of Possiet Bay. Kwanchongtsi is about
eighty miles west, of Kirin. Khabarovsk is about 400 miles to
the north of Vladivostok, with which . port jt is connected by
a raihvayr
LOXDOX, Feb. 25.— The Daily Mail prints the following
"NE.WCHWAXG, Feb.' 25.*-~-Rev. W.H. Gillespie, a mis
sionary, has arrived at Kwangcheng. He states that the Jap
anese have landed at Possiet Bay and south of Vladivostok and
have advanced to Hunchun. The Russian garrison fled. The
Japanese are marching on Kirin, from which women and civil
ians are leaving in a panic."
The Mail, in commenting, on. the foregoing statement that
the objective point of the Japanese is Kirin.. says that in that
case a long march will have to be made over a very formidable
country and through mountain chains in extremely severe
weather, but that the very difficulty- of- the: route may -have led
the Russians to leave it ungua> ded. L '
In a cablegram. from Shanghai a correspondent of the Daily
Mail-rqjorts the arrival there. of , the Japanese, cruisers Idzumo,
Suma and , Akitsushima. The . Tientsin correspondent of the
' Contlnned on ; Page 4,* Columns 2 and' 3.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 26, 1904.
SACRED IMAGE
TO ACCOMPANY
RUSSIAN ARMY
MOSCOW. Fob. 25.— The
most sacred image ; in j
Russia has been sent to
St. Petersburg and will
be taken later to the Far, East
with the army. This image Is
a representation of the Virgin
appearing to St. Sergius, ami is
always kept at the Trolt^ko
Monastery. It L« about one foot
square and. Is. covered with pre
cious stones. The image has a
remarkable history. It accom
panied Alexis. Peter the Great
and Alexander - 1 on all their
campaigns. A silver tablet at
tached to it enumerates the bat
tles at which the image was
present.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. .23.
Following the dispatch of .Major
General Pflug, saying . the Jap
anese had again attacked Port
Arthur on Thursday morning
and had been • repulsed. Viceroy
Alexieff has sent la an identical
report to the Czar. The fact'
that the Japanese have renewed
the attack is interpreted here to
mean that they are determined
to bottle up or destroy the Rus
sian fleet at Port Arthur, in or
der to "give themselves freedom'
for land maneuvers to. cut off
or invest .the city, -or as a feint
to cover'a new.move elsewhere.
General ' - ' Kuropatkin has
started for.' home to • take leave
of his ; mother; before going to
the FarTEast. r He" Is quoted; as
having-said:' v «- .- - -
••This I war r . may . last 1 eighteen
months, - bat "every- arrangement
has been made that no j Japan
ese, after being landed, shall re
turn to-his^couhtry." ... , .
Count iBenckendorff, - Russian
Embassador \ to -^Great • * Britain,
who returned , here a'; f ew ; days
ago from London', had a lengthy,
audience with .the | Czarl to-day.
Grand § ; Dnko ; Michael; heir
presumptive; "to . the Russian
throne^ ..'. and .Grand Duchess
Olga, his sister, .went . to • the
Chapel;of theiSayior to-day to
pray for Russian .^victory.*/' ' . >
Togo's Warships Driven Back
by Defenders of Rus
sian Stronghold.
Special. Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1901, by
the New York • Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 25.— Major General Pfiug, the
chief of staff, of Viceroy Alexieft", telegraphs as follows, under
to-day's date:
"The enemy again attacked Port Arthur from 1 to 2 o'clock
this morning and was everywhere, repulsed. Details follow."
No further official dispatches was received, but a Russian
news agency announces that the Japanese attack was brilliantly
repulsed and that the Japanese suffered heavy losses.
' -PARIS, Feb. 25. — In a dispatch from St. Petersburg a cor
respondent of the Echo de Paris says the last, or reported sec
ond attack of the Japanese at Port Arthur, was repulsed bril
liantly.. He says the Japanese were obliged to quit the road
stead. It is presumed that the entire squadron joined in the
sec6nd attack, hoping to avenge the. repulse of .the preceding
day. The Japanese are thought to have incurred further losses
during this long fight. Admiral Stark has telegraphed that he
CHEFU, Feb. 25, 7:15 p. m. — Arrivals from Port Arthur
report a naval engagement at the entrance of Port Arthur
harbor on Tuesday after midnight. The Russians received
timely warning from three. torpedo-boat destroyers, which "met
the Japanese fleet twenty miles off Port Arthur. The Japan
ese .fleet approached to iwithin eight miles of the entrance and
commenced the attack. The first to retaliate were the forts, foi
lowed;. by; the Petropolavsk, the Novik, the Pallade and the
Askold.' The. engagement lasted until daylight, when the Jap
anese'retired. I amenable to", ascertain the details of the
losses .on-bbth sides, butit is s<-.id " the "Japanese had two ships
sunk and three', disabled. The Port Arthur forts had five guns
silenced: . '—.-'-...
. ; The damage . to, the' town' was serious. One shell struck
amid "the; anchorage -of: junks, .blowing many to. atoms.. The
Newslcyworks^ahd the engine works were struck three times.
Several shells .'fell: just short'- of :the arsenal, . but, striking the
niiid' wall surrounding it and doing no damage.- Judging from
Continued. on Page 4, .Columns 5 and 6-
TBS **'" IIATTTM.
Aleaxar — "Ths Wrong Mr.
Wriynt."
AKiambrm — "Th« Kilties" Band.
California — "Hnrana Hearts."
Central — "Xlaff of the ' Opinai
Cbntel — Vaudeville.
Colombia — "Ola Homestead.'*
Pi3cher'» — "Boly-Poly."
Grand — "The Gamekeeper."
Orpheuxa — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoll — "Vnien Johnny Comes
Marching: Home." '
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RICH MISER
DIES AT A
POOR FARM
Officials Find His
Treasure in an
Old Trunk.
Discovery ol His Wealth
Is Not Made Until Alter
His Burial.
Body Now Rests in a Pauper's Grave,
but Will Be Exhumed When Hi3
Relatives Are Found.
SEATTLE, Feb. 25.— A cigar box near,
ly full of sold pieces, each wrapped tn
a r*»d calico rag. certificates of valuable
stock in an investment company In Ean
Francisco and a heap of masculine rai
ment of the style of forty years agu
was the strange collection which met
the eyes of the officials^ of the county
poor farm yesterday when they opened
the battered trunk of an old man who
died supposedly a pauper, but really
worth $600 in cash and about $7000 in
securities, at that institution Febru
ary 4-
The man was William Edgar. He be
came an inmate of the poorhouse about
the middle of January and is believed
to have been about TO years of a;re at
the time of his death. When Edgar
died of pneumonia his trunk, which had
been brought to the farm from a garret
room In the city, was allowed to stand
unopened for nearly thrre weeks. The
old man had been buried in a pauper's
grave. Yesterday some of the employes
dragged the trunk out. intending to
burn it and all of Its supposedly worth
less contents. Then the hidden wealth
was revealed.
The old miser's little fortune has been
placed In a bank and the investment
company in which he held stock has
been communicated with by the au
thorities. An effort Is being made to
find hisirelatlves, if he has any. in or
der that the money may be turned over
to. them.
WALLACE HAM
BETRAYS TRDST
Manager of Boston Branch of
American Surety Company
Is Arrested for Larceny
BOSTON. Feb. 23.— "Wallace Haia.
manager of the American Surety Com
pany's Boston branch off.ee. was ar
rested to-day on a charge of larceny.
the total amount Involved being $108,000
according to Chief Inspector Watts.
Ham is 48 years of age. He is married
and has several children.
Although the sum mentioned In the
warrant Is $104,000, the American Surety
Company in a statement issued to-day
announced that the net shortage was
$130,000, and that the accounts of St.
Luke's Home for Convalescents aid oC
St. Paul's Church, this city, for each
of which Ham was trustee, were af
fected as well as those of the surety
company.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— President
Henry L. Lyman of the American
Surety Company said to-day that Wal
lace H. Ham had been the Boston agent
of the company for nearly seven year3
and was highly recommended when he
secured the position. The Boston
branch office of the American Surety
Company Is considered the most im
portant In the country and the volume
of business which it transacts Is enor
mous. It is said Ham has made a full
confession.
LJST OF MEN KTLIiED
AT JACKSON IS GROWTNG
SALT LAKE. Utah. Feb. 25. — Sam
uel Sortes. another of the Greek la
borers injured in the dynamite horror
at Jackson, died to-day in the hospita.
at Ogden. This makes twenty-eight
victims of the explosion. Nine of the
bodies were interred at Ogden to-day
with impressive ceremonies.
Only twenty-four bodies have been
recovered us> to now. It was sup
posed that twenty-five were killed, but
twenty-eight are known to be dead
and four others are missing. Careful
inquiry made by the Coroner and the
jury show that half a dozen or more
were killed in "addition to those pre
viously reported2
POPE PLEASED
WITH AMERICA
Expresses Admiration on
Hearing' That Baltimore
Will RebuildWithoutHelp
ARCHBISHOP GIVESXEWS
"Everything You Do Is on a
Grand Scale, Even in Case
of Fires," Exclaims Pontiff
ROME, Feb. 25.— The Pope received
Archbishop Farley in private audience
to-day. The Archbishop presented a
letter from Cardinal Gibbons, thankin?
the Pope in the name of the trustees
of the Catholic University at Wash
ir^pton for the letter. Issued immedi
ately after he was created Pope, in
dorsing the Resolution of the trustees to
have genera! collections in the United
States Eat the benefit of the university,
the first collection amounting to $110.
000. -The Pope was much pleased to
hear of the progress made by the uni
versity.
Regarding the Baltimore fire the
Pope referred with admiration to th^i
report 'he had received that Baltimore
would rebuild without help, and ex
tlairr»ed: "It is the true American
spirit. You do everything on a grand
scale, even In thr case of fires."
Archbishop Farley introduced former
Mayor Seth Low and Mre. Low, John
D. "Crimmins and others from New
York. The party was accompanied by
Mpx. Kennedy, rector of the American
College. When the Pope heard Mr.
Low's name he remembered him im
mediately, and pointed to a table on
which lay the engrossed resolutions
bound in black morocco and mount el
with silver, sent at the time of th«
death of Pope Leo. The 1'ontiflf con
gratulated Mr. Low, saying that he
knew- that, although he was not a
Catholic, he was a Rood Christian, and
pave each of the visitors his hand to
kiss.
The Pope afterward addressed Jll
present. Archbishop^ Farley translat
ing his remarks. The Pontiff said h.?
could not adequately express the grati
fication which he experienced at re
ceiving Americans in the Vaticar.
America was known in his. heart for
her greatness as a nation and her gen
erosity as a people. The Pope then
gave the Americans his benediction and
extended it to the members of their
families, adding. "This blessing comes
from a full heart." While tears came
into his eyes, affecting those present,
tho Pope continued, "I must Rive you
something," and began rummaging in
his desk among papers and other
things. He finally discovered some
medals and gave a silver one to each
one of the party. He also gave gold
and copper medals to Archbishop Far
ley and Mr. Low. The audience with
Archbishop Farlpy and his party oc
curred in the Pope's private library.
GERMAN RKBEKAHS
GIVE LEAP YEAR PARTY
Enjoyable Entertainment nnd Dance
Pleases BI«r Crowd in Union
Square -JlalL
The concert and leap year party giv
en in Union Square Hall last evening
by the Walhalla Social Club, composed
of the members of Walhalla German
Rebekah Lodge of this city, was well
attended by the members, thefr
lriends and acquaintances. The pro
gramme of songs, part in English and
part in German, and the other num
bers were to the liking of the audi
ence, as was shown by the applause.
The following were the several
numbers:
Overture. H. Schafer's orchestra:
barytone solo. Louis Lobe; violin solo.
Julius Haub; soprano solo. Miss Juliet
Greninger; comic solo. Max Duenow;
fancy danre. Miss Fanny Gutman:
bass solo, R. Dinigan; recitation. Miss
Alice Perrin; comic duet, R. Lorentz
and Max Di'.enow.
The programme was supplemented
with dances Under leap year rules,
which required the gentlemen "to act
in the most ladylike manner possi
ble." failure to do which resulted In
arrests and fines.
The affair was conducted by R.
Lorentz, W. Bahrs. R. Nitsch, Fred
{-'iebe, M. D. Vorrath, George Klein,
Bertha Proll, Dora Seegelken, Mary
Hocking, Georgin.t Hencken, Anna
Bock. Anna Riegger, Frieda Petersen,
Rebecca Joost, Helena Greninger, Ida
Hellfron, Emma Greninger, Bettie
Joost* Ottilie Egging, Anna Goetze,
Louie Siebo and Maria Frank.
Prominent Mason Die*.
News was received in this city yes-,
terday of the death of Frank E. Hunt
will at Bridgeport, this State. Mr.
Huntwil! was a prominent Mason and
known all over the Statje. He was
»onnected with the cattle raising in
dustry of Mono County for many
vpTlrs and was formerly County Clerk
there. He is survived by his parents,
wife, two daughters and a son.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: Peter Andrew Gillin,
laborer. Ukiah. liabilities $659, no as
sets; Wililam R. Stone, statistician in
the office of the Secretary of State at
Sacramento, liabilities $1187. no as-
Fet*; Maurice Leger, merchant tailor,
Sacramento, liabilities $S603, assets
J6C0.
ADVEBTISE1IENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclu sive
High-Qrade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Axent*.
EXCLUSIVE THOUGHTS
EXCLUSIVE TO MEN
EXCLUSIVE FABRICS
EXCLUSIVE MODELS
EXCLUSIVE MAKES
•*
EVERYTHING EXCLUSIVE
EXCEPT OUR PRICES
® \ » r e
K e a r-n y S t re e t
T h u r I o w Block
FAVORS SYSTEM
OF PIECE WORK
New York Shipbuilder Says
American Workmen Are
Behind European Brethren
STATE31EXT IS DISPUTED
Wallace Downey Gives In
teresting Testimony Be
fore the House Committee
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— "Do you
mean the Scotch, the Irish or the Eng
lish laborers in the shipyards at Glas
gow can do 60 per cenj more work with
the same tools and in the same time
than can be done by American ship
yard workers?" demanded James O'Con
nell, president of the International As
sociation of Machinists, of Wallace
Downey, a New York shipbuilder and a
representative of "the New York Metal
Trades Association, during the progress
of a hearing to-day on the eight-hour
bill before the House Committee on
Education and Labor.
"I do mean to say that, most em
phatically," answered Downey, "and I
am not making the statement from
hearsay. It has cost me $500,000 in the
last five years, in addition to gray
hairs, to find it out. I spent $90,000 in
purchasing the best tools, in acquiring
knowledge of methods in .Glasgow, and
tried for three years to show American
workmen that by doing piece work they
could accomplish more. They would
not see it, and the shipbuilding inter
ests have suffered. In turn the laborers
have suffered, for the weekly payrolls
have decreased."
O'Connell declared he had no belief
in the statement of Downey, and ex
pressed the opinion that American
workers in the shipyards were far su
perior to those of other countries.
Downey responded with a challenge
that O'Connell make an investigation
or consult -other- builders, whose word
would be accepted by the world. He
said that he hoped that when the sys
tems employed in English yards are
brought to bear in this- country we
would be able to pass the foreign yards
in the amount and- quality of work pro
duced, but declared that such legisla
tion as is proposed in the eight-hour
bill is cutting the throats of the work-
Ing people.
"Our profits in the foreign trade,"
said Downey, "are balancing on the
line of 1, 2 or 3 per cent, ready every
minute to bo toppled over by the move
ment of the hand. The manufacturing
industry of this country has developed
far in excess of our consumption, and
therefore we need the foreign trade in
order to exist. The laborer needs it as
much as the manufacturer. I am not a
calamity howler, but I believe the pres
ent period of unprecedented prosperity
is nearly at an end and the country will
nettle down to something like a reason
able basis. It is then that the working
men will have to put their heads with
ours and be willing to do a part of the
calculating in keeping our thousands of
mills and factories in operation." '*.
Other employers ', protested against
the proposed legislation. -Another hear
ing will be held on Thursday next.
THOMAS L. WILSON DIES
OF ILLUMINATING GAS
Removes the Tip of the Gas Burner
In OrdeV to Insure Plentiful Sup
ply of Fluid.
Thomas L. Wilson, who was well
known In City Hall circles, was found
dead yesterday morning in his room at
7 Hyde street. The door was locked
on the inside and when the odor of
illuminati£|r gas was detected the door
was broken open and the key of the
gas burner was found open. The tip
of the burner had been taken off and
was lying on the mantelpiece.
Inmates of the house say that Wil
son went to his room at 11 o'clock last
Wednesday morning under the influ
ence of liquor, since which time he
had not been seen alive. Jack Smith,
who was employed 5n Wilson's cigar
stand at 202 McAllister, street, in
formed peputy Coroner McCormick
that Wilson received some money re
cently from a relative in Oakland to
bet on the races and that not having
faith in the tip he did not "place" the
money.
The sum of $23 95 was found in the
room.
Wilson until recently was clerk in
Judge Lawlor's court.
TICKET BROKER OTTINGER
AGAIN SECURES RELEASE
Despite United States Supreme Court
Decision, He GeLs Ms Freedom
on Habeas Corpus.
Adolph Ottinger, the ticket broker,
who, after being adjudged guilty of
contempt of court for refusing to obey
an injunction restraining him from
handling tickets sold by the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany, took his case to the United
States Supreme Court on a writ of su
persedeas, has failed in his efforts to
have that tribunal declare his com
mitment an illegal one. By a decision
rendered yesterday he was remanded
to the custody of the Sheriff.
He is still fighting the case, how
ever, for shortly after his arrest he se
cured his release on a writ of habeas
corpus issued by Judge Murasky. He
furnished bonds in the sum of $10.00,
his sureties being F. F. A. Obermeyer
and H. B. Peterson.
Veddler Thompson Kills Himself.
P. Thompson, a one-legged peddler,
shot and killed himself at 10:05 o'clock
yesterday morning on Jackson-street
wharf. Persons who had heard the
report of the revolver hurried at once
to the spot and found his dead body
hanging over the stringer. Evidently
it had been his intention to have his
body fall into the water. Thompson
came here recently from Arkansas Hot
Sprinjcs.- where he had been under
treatment for an incurable disease,
and it is believed that ho'ended his life
during a fit- of despondency. Two
checks, aggregating $415, were found
on his body ; «^.«^
Concert at Presidio.
The following programme will be
rendered by the band of the Third
Artillery Corps at the Presidio this
afternoon from 3:20 to 4:30:
March. 'The Prophet* ' Meyerbeer
Overture. "Hunsarlan I^ustsplel". .Keler Bela
Intermezzo. "I* Rose" .Aschef
Selection, "King Dodo" Ludera
Descriptive, '"The Korse in the Forest 11
• ■' V. Mlchaells
Popular two-etep. "Bedelia" Schwartz
Mining Suit Transferred.
The suit brought a few days ago by
the Utah-Nevada Company against Jo
seph de Lamar, the millionaire mine
owner, for $7,000,000 will be he heard
In the Circuit Court of the United
States of the Northern District of Cali
fornia. An order transferring* the
cause front the ' Superior Court was
signed by Judge Murasky yestenjay.on
petition of. De Lamar*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26. 1904.
FOSTER LIKES
SHIP'S BELL
Suggests to the Committee
Change in Plan Regarding
Gift to the Cruise^ Tacoma
SILVER SET UNSUITABLE
Arrangements Have Been
Completed for Sending Ves
sel North to Get Present
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— Senator
Foster called upon the Secretary of
the Xavy to-day to have the date fixed
for the presentation^ of a suitable silver,
service for the new cruiser Tacoma,
now about completed at San Fran
cisco. He has addressed a letter to
the chairman of the committee in
cliarge of the Tacoma presentation,
in which he makes an interesting sug
gestion. It is as follows:
■ "In reference to your letter of Feb
ruary 17 the Secretary of the Navy has
just Informed me that a ship's bell or
a punchbowl would be much more suit
able as a present for the Tacoma than
a silver service. Secretary Hay's ex
perience shows that a bell or a tablet
placed on the turret is more satisfac
tory. Having learned that the Tacoma
was to be sent to the Orient soon, I
urged that she visit Tacoma first. Mr.
Moody says this may be done,\but that
it will not be possible to delay her de
porture mope than a few days for this
purpose.".
Xavy Department orders: Lieuten
ant Commander A. F. 1 Fechteler is de
tached from duty at the Union Iron
Works, San Francisco, etc., and or
dered to duty in the office of naval in
telligence, Washington, D. Ct
Edward T. Ketcham has been com
missioned postmaster at Santa Marie,
Cal.
Dr. Carl Vurtz has been appointed
pension examining surgeon at Los An
geles.
Seattle, Wash., has been allowed five
additional letter-carriers and Everett
one, to take effect March 1.
NEW LABOR ASSOCIATION
MEETING WITH SUCCESS
Many Unions Decide to Affiliate With
| the Newly Organized Provisional
Trades Council.
The Allied Provisional Trades Coun
cil, a labor organization that was re
cently formed in this city, is meeting
with unusual success. The various
unions have long felt the need of Just
such a body and are lending it their
earnest support. President Rose of
the new body announces that the fol
lowing unions have signified their in
tention of joining.
International Association of Machinists, Lo
cal No. tJ-S; Amalgamated Leather Workers,
Local Union No. 9; Amalgamated Leather
■Workers'- Local Ho. 17; International Union of
Steam. Engineers, Local Union No. 64; Tailors'
X'nlon No. 2; Local No. .28, Upholsterers' In
ternational Union of North America; Interna
tional Brotherhood of Stationary Firemen. Lo
cal'No. 8tJ; Carpenters'- and Joiners' Local No.
483; Coopers' International Union, Local No.
28; Cloakmakers' Union; Local No. 8; Amal
gamated Woodworkers — Boxmakers' and ■ Saw
yers' Union No. 132, Sugar Workers' Union
No. 10,519, Ship and Steamboat Joiners' Union
No. 21; Brewers' Union No. 7; Retail Grocery
Clerks' Union No. «48; Beer Bottlers' Union
No. 293: Cracker Packers' Union No. 352;
Bakers' Union, Local No. 24; Varnishers' and
roiJi-hers" Local Union No. 134.
The Dairymen's Association and the
Milk Wagon Drivefs' v Union met yes
terday and signed their annual wage
schedule. The schedule is similar to
the one signed a year ago by the two
bodies.
The employes of the gas and elec
tric company have been granted an
eight-hour working day by their em
ployers, with the prospects of an in
crease of 10 per cent in their wage
schedule.
The following notice has been given
out by the District Council of Painters:
"Any member of a suspended union
of this district, including San Fran
cisco and Alameda counties and vicin
ity, who desire to remain loyal to the
brotherhood shall apply to the Dis
trict Council of Painters for clearance
cards in accordance with the instruc
tions of the brotherhood."
Schooner \V. F. Garms Still Missing.
' ASTORIA, Or., Feb. 25.— The schoon
er W. F. Garms, from San Francisco
to Portland, has thus far failed to reach
port. The vessel was sighted off the
mouth of the Columbia River ten days
ago, but could not get in owing to the
rough . weather. Later a tugboat went
to her assistance, but on account of the
heavy seas ; was 'compelled to release
her. Last evening it was reported. that
the Garms had arrived, but it now ap
pears that the schooner was the A. F.
Coats. The Garms may have been
driven north.
GREENBERG & GREESBERQ^
GREENBERG&GREENBERG
. ON
Special Sale
Friday and Saturday.
SHIET WAISTS.
Colored Waists. v CAr*
- worth 75c, special OUlr
Lawn Waists, /»/?«
worth $i.oo, special ". U Jw-
Lawn Waists, f>a flfl
worth $1.50, special v' #^"
Mercerized Waists, <>t /■/>
>'-; worth §2.00, special • V ■ • ** V .
WASH DUCK SXXKTS.
Colored Skirts, ft*2f»
worth $1.25, special ODli
Colored Duck Skirts. ' <t| Off
worth $1.75, special 4>I»OD
Colored Duck Skirts, <t| m 7CZ
worth $2.50. special vl»/O
Colored Duck Skirts, CO Off
worth $3.25, special *|>fct4iO
CRUSHED LEATHER BELTS.
Crushed Leather. Belts, Off A
worth 35c, special
Crushed Leather Belts. Oil*
worth 50c. special iJDlr
Crushed Leather Belts. /|ff/»
worth 75c, special ~**Jy
Crushed Leather Belts. " ffflV*
worth 85c, special- «UO
MANY OTHEE SPECIALS IMPOS-
SIBLE TO MENTION HEEE.
GREENBER6 & 6REEMBERB
31, 33, 35 and 37 Grant Aie.
Cor.' Geary St. ~ .
TEN CHILDREN
BADLY BURNED
+. >
Explosion Follows Efforts of
Spectacular Minister to
Mystify His Little Pupils
TALE IS INTERRUPTED
Ghostly Blaze Provided for
Amusement Brings Injury
and Possibly Death to Tots
CINCINNATI, Feb. 25.— An - acci
dent at the Richmond-street Christian
Church here to-night resulted in ten
children being seriously and other?
painfully burned. Seven are in the
City Hospital, and it is thought .that
many whose names' were not learned
were badly burned.' The Sunday
school room was crowded for an en~
tertainment given by 'the pastor; Rev.
Vernon Stauffer. , The evening had
been set apart for the small Iboys, and
a small crowd of girls gathered on
the outside.. . ;
. The pastor, was telling fairy stories,
and in one of .the stories, was a mys
tery with ghoetly scenes. In. order to
make the story realistic the pastor
provided a kettle, which' had salt >in
the bottom of .Itr This -was saturated
with alcohol and set afire to produce
the weird light of the ghost: story.
When the boys were gathered around
the blaze, suddenly a 'draft of :.wind
struck the : stream ;of 'alcohol and an
explosion followed. All those seated
around the fire were burned. ' :
Besides the -seven taken to the hos
pital three .were taken'- home bad,ly
burned and- others not seriously in
jured were bandaged up and sent
home.
Those taken to the City Hospital
were George Mangelo, aged 6 years;
Car) Bertram! aged 6; Earl Carson,
aged 12; Arthur Masser. aged 9; Ed
ward Young, aged 12; Waldro Lark
by, aged 16,jind Walter MerriH, aged
12. Amons t^ose taken to their homes
who were badly burned were Freddie
Brennan.' aged 12' years; Harry. Ber
tram, aged 11, and Freddie Bertram,
aged W.
COLONEL GHAYSOX DIES
SUDDENLY AT CINCINNATI
Well-Krimvn and Wealthy Mining Man
of the Northwest Succumbs to an
Attack of Heart Failure.
, PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 25.— The Ore
gonian has received news of the death
of Colonel John T. Grayson at Cincin
nati to-day. Colonel Grayson was one
of the wealthiest mining men of the
Northwest and had made Portland hid
borne for a number of years.
According to the Oregonian advices
Mr. Graysori" arrived at the St. Nicho
las Hotel, in Cincinnati, at 6 o'clock
to-night apparently in good health. He
complained of feeling fatigued and re
tired about an hour after his arrival.
I>ater he was found lying on the bed
breathing heavily and unconscious. He
died shortly after. Heart failure is be
lieved to have caused his death. Gray
son was general 'manager of the Alpine
Consolidated Qold Mine- Company.
SAVES TEACHER
FROM DISMISSAL
Board of Education Exonerates Mrs.
. Iredale From Charge of Falsely
Getting Absence Leave.
Mrs. Charles Winslow Iredale, a
teacher in the School Department,'
who was cited to appear before the
Board of Education and show cause
why she should not be dismissed from
her position for having secured- a
year's leave of absence on the plea of
illness and thent getting married, ef
fectually cleared herself of any inten
.tiOn to obtain the leave under false
pretenses at yesterday's meeting of the
board. .
Mrs. Iredale, who was formerly Miss
E. N. Booth, was accompanied by her
attorney, Stephen V. Costello, w,ho
produced proofs to show that his cli
ent'had no thought of getting married
at the-time she applied for the leave
last January. In fact, she . had sig
nified her desire to take a much need
ed rest as far back as last October, but
her principal, Jamds H. Simmons of
the Horace Mann School, had asked
her . to postpone her application, as
there were already three substitutes
in the school. Mrs. Iredale produced'
a physician's certificate showing that
she is run down in health and the
board expressed itself as satisfied with
her explanation.
In clearing Mrs. Iredale of the
charge the board did not commit itself
to restore the lady to her position
should she return at the end of the
year for duty. The board adopted a
resolution exonerating Mrs. Iredale
from the allegation of obtaining her
leave through misrepresentation.
The agreement of George W. Den
nis to accept 5320 for repairs to prem
ises at the corner of Castro and Twen
ty-sixth streets formerly used as a
schoolhouse was placed on file.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Miss Rose Fay and E. S. Grojean.
Permission was granted to the Ital
ian Mutual Benevolent Society to use
three classrooms in the Lafayette
School dally from 3:30 to 5 p.m. for
the purpose of teaching the Italian
language, it being understood that no
tuition be charged. .
Permission was granted to the Al
liance Francaise to use the John Swett
Grammar School after the regular
school sessions for the purpose of
teaching the French language.
W. R. Morgan, head of the drawing
department in the Lincoln Evening
School, sent a, letter to Principal Mc-
Donald denying that the teachers un
der him' Occupied their time in read
ing novels "and newspapers during
class hours and pointed to the efficient
work done 'In his department.
Give .Hayseed Party.
• The members of the Willing Work
ersot the Bush-street Synagogue gave
a hayseed party in Golden Gate Hall
last nigHt. The .many simple char
acteristics of . the ' "hayseed" were
brought into evidence by the costumes
and the large party of dancers- gave
the -affair the appearance of a genuine
country dance.
Woud-Be Robber Convicted.
Arthur T. Winters was convicted by
a jury in Judge Cook's court yesterday
on a charge of assault with, intent to
rob and will be sentenced on Saturday.
December 20 he was caught by John
Holland, who was at that time at
tached to the' Harbor Police station
as patrol wagon driver, attempting to
rob Henry Ellis, an old, man.
Will Conduct' Mission.
: Paulist Fathers Wyman, Cullen and
Smith will open a mission at St.
Peter's Church. Twenty-fourth and
Alabama streets, at' the 10 o'clock
mass, next, Sunday, morning. . The ser
.vices during the first week will be" for
women ami during the .second week
for men.
\ _ ' - - ■..■•'-... , PAINE'S CELEBY COIttPOUHl). * „__—— - -
Never a Failure— and Not Single Cases, but Hundreds on Hundreds—
THOUSANDS— Cured by the Famous Tonic
PAIN PS CELERY COMPOUND
««..»»«»«»« •••••••• «»••«»•»»»«»♦ ■»->-—>-»» m • • •>»•♦» cured." But she IS ccred — and it was
,, I by Paine'9 Celery Compound.
Twenty-eight years he suffered — not knowing the cure was close at hand, I -i am nearly 5<o ypars of age and I had
■".- - - and that he was actually SELLING IT TO OTHX2E8. " J . n tr0Ublc^, w^ o^ t he "*r>"h^* t 0^"*
! ! roSJB^;*W^ i my r p^ln. untH I included I ciuld not be
♦ . .. *" ~ !! in weak nerves. And there can be no
4 MH. JOHN JORDAN, 83 YEAKS OLD. ..'^ , real cure of rheumatism unless you cure
;; "X am as active ajrain'as I was twenty years ago. It is a compUt* cure— < th Thlsi andTour thousands of other l«t-
,, : , - more than I ever expected." J ters. written by old and young, are proof
* • ■ ' ' • of this. Palne'B Celery Compound feeds
....... ..*«»• ' »- *. and rebuilds the worn-out nerves.
HIS RHEUMATISM JAND HEART TROUBLE CURED. n e" er C au 8 se n %r 1 ou r bre^- C whe?h V er th Tn We the
,.,. ■ -. • •' . ' ,,"" r " " ■ ' , ■..-. „ blood, or the stomach, the bowels, or the
I used to be very active, working out- "I was then going around with two ]j v^ r or the brain — Paiae's Celery Coin-
doors in all kinds of weather. . • r ■/ . canes and (being 88 years old), having a pottn ' a g+v M the nerves NEW VITAL
"From the- time I- was sixty years, old very hard time of It. FORCE to make th« system do its work
I was troMbled with rheurrratism. and at "Your remedy took the rheumatism o jnnitQ yon 'Wall In every part of
first kept itdown. pretty Well^-the pain out and I will say that I' consider it a yottr tody it cures the EEAL Cause.
of it — by -rubbing -with liniment. ♦ But complete cure— more than I ever expect- •
this since prbrjed to-be useless, as every ed any medicine to do for me. ._ _ . _—,«»„,, « VTV rwrtT^rt. awr.ti.
Winter my rheumatism came on worse "I am as active as I was twenty years AT *t^?-ZTJt.ZZ~ «rt5r*vrr«
than «>vcr. and I suffered more or less all ago. I also had bad heart symptoms. _ MATIsa^ CUBES from ooa
the year round/ ' - . but since I began taking your medicine LETTEB3:
. "We had sold Paine's Celery Com- my heart is regular and gives me no Samuel "White. First avenuw. Ean flair*.
pound in our store for some time, but trouble. wis. ; i. T. Spoonsftilier. Beilevn*. Pa.: Phillip
somehow I had never tried it for my "I take a little dose of Paine's Celery Silver. 754 South Fifth str-*t. Philadelphia: E.
rheumatism.' A customer told my son Compound every mornine and it keeps PC onant (.2 r»*r» old , ,•"* * c " v t»- .**-? \Z\\
that Paine's Celery Compound had cured me in good condition. Very truly. «{•» avenue India napoll»; : Ji«br Reiner 1-13
her rheumatism. I took her advice and "JOHN JORDAN. feJ5T?^*w wV PMiin f vv>,t fch* Po« at I>uU :
trfo«1 It mvcoif ■ - - . ,. o , •.t- /> _4 oq*Vi q. Mow "Vnrlr CMtv " » Fair CdltOr, Westllcne rout. St. JLi"Uta.
tried it mjseii. .- • 9j> West 2»tn St., New. lorn cny. Clark K. Strassburg. 600 Dunbarmn avenue,
- - - Baltimore: Thomas Amland. Homestead, Pa..
i . ' . ' „ . ■ . , now of 1105 N. Emerson avenue, Baltimore;
7heV Were - Racked — CrinDled In tne thousands, Of letters in our or- John T McKenna. M Hudson avenue. Ore-n
• •icy "«c i*av.n.cu wi ipyicu nce this truth strikes one immediately— island. N. Y.; Mary A. Meredith. «22 Cunnins-
Agonized — Despairing of Cure. nearly every letter that certifies to a ham str^t. Rockrorrt. III. : the mother of Mrs..
_ ' „„,.„ „* DXTCT-ntAT'TCivr «»*.-« th«t the J- w - Tbwne, Church Block; Mrs. John Jam.??.
n . ~, " . ,-._ _ cure of RHbliMAllSM sa>s lnal l " e Eleventh and Bcott streets, Des Molnen, Iowa.
But They ARE Cured. person "did not really expect to be t a t , t , ,
Rheumatism is- positively cured by cured," and "took Paine's Celery Com- a "Dont wast* tlm« on SYMP- ♦
Paine's Celery Compound. pound only as a last resort." i TOMS. Cur* tne CAUSE— ta« ♦
And the people who are most aston- Mr. Jordan's letter is simply an exam- ' HIBVIS." t
ished at the cures are the patients them- n i a xinte. thnt ho too "did not exDeet " — Professor Edward E. Fhelp*. M. t>., f
selves. For it is a pathetic truth the ple ' N 5| , ♦ 5m ,T^" And " LU D.. of Dartmouth University. Fa- .
rheumatic sufferer— always trying for a anv medicine to do him any good. Ana (| mou. Discoverer of Paines Celery Com- ♦
cure — at last, after many failures, loses here is another letter, from an old laay « pound. , ♦
hope of cure and faith in medicine. who had "concluded she could not be -•-»-»-• • »••••» »«»»..■ ..««.«■»■
OTTO SPAMER
PLEASES WELL
HIS AUDIENCE
Otto Spamer, who gave the first of a
series of four violin recitals at Century
Hall last night, was fortunate in a
large and representative audience. The
violinist, who made a seintillant sort of
debut with the* Scheel symphony or
chestra this season, has evidently es
tablished himself as a favorite. Mr.
Spamer's chief assets are a very nimble
left hand, a facile bow and quick ear,,
that he has learned to use very cleverly,
if not at all greatly. But Mr. Spamer has
his moments. The Bach "Sarabande,"
given last night, showed the violinist
with , a (to me) quite unexpected
breadth, and there were passages in the
Beethoven concerto (D major) — in the
larghetto more particularly — that were
toned and shaded with considerable
beauty and full authority. But it is
still possible to suspect Mr. Spamer of
youth— though, like Pitt, he may mend
on't. His style, lacks, consistency, his
renderings authority. One feels that he
does not yet quite know what he wants
or what the composer desires. ,But the
_^ _^^ ADVERTISigiEyTS.
/W^^M^M wi " ma^ e y° ur hair grow thicker, longer
Jlfp^lfc^^Md anc^ more eauti^ u ' an '* evcr
J^MHsever iNTSf yyas in your life.
fflMvl TH E. H15T0RY __
Mmm of hair tonics l^glfJS 1 fflfii^ WkW S8P"T*S"F^
WM has such a flwiiK. %9B%m MSB m& a 1 m*^*
9m PERreCTloS DAHDERWE- b. prepared -by one of the best chemists in
iWy))w been the world, a man who has had some 40 years experience and b
n! li/fflli ATTAl NED perfectly familiar with the medicinal properties of every drug Known
J ifffffcV' ' \^"\ *° me(^' ca ' science, he says that it is absolutely impossible
jwM i^^^'b'TVftvn y)t " '■^^ or an y° ne *° produce a better or more efficacious hair tonic.
\P1^^PW11w^ " sc ma^ es c scalp neaJ %' tnc h a ' i r strong and full of life, and
W t^fift crc seems to be no limit to the growth it will produce.
Most Remarkable Results Obtained in a Short Time. Say3 a Well-Known Boston Lady.
Knowlton Danderine Co., Chicago, 111. '-','\ ".-■4.V . ,- Bost«n, Dec. 21, 1901.
Dear Sirs : I deem it my duty to let 70a know after having tried nearly all the hair preparations on tha market that for falling-oat
Vair and for making hair grow your Danderine is absolutely successful and the most agreeable and thoroughly rtllabla hair ar.da^al?
ttvigorating tonic that anyone could use. It is doing my hair so much good that I am *• A A S\
delighted with it. No mere need be said ; your remedy is a blessing everybody should -O*£f >f ~ -jff S1U Cyr>t »,yf«
recognize. With best wishes for your success, believe ms Gratefully yours, l .C/r' / «*»Wlf;C/»l >V*""*-^— •
84 Westminister St., Boston, Kass. y
Ho Other Remedy Ever Discovered Will Glvo Such Brilliancy and Individuality to the Hair. - "r~ ~\ — >. _- »
DandQrinoAlonoPioduces that Dainty Softness and Lustre So Mn«h Admired. .-4^?,
Just a Few Applications of It Will Makethe Hair Fairly 5parkle with New Ufe and Vizor vZ" hMC J awrtu »£« • «or^V.*SS5J^ v.
FREE f-°- R '"«'"^A"«»^^^^^^
*h« Knowlton Danderine Co., Chicago, IH.,a5 , SOc. and SiToo i^r] £St?e' % rfSSnlE S^yS^K^ri*?^- 1 •^
keep Danderine or will order It foVyon If ron »k* thSci' Tc??n«^ hoVqStek^ It Mt^ T'ln sJI ZSS^li feS^- « ttSSSSS^ JTS^
For^ale and Guaranteed byREDINGTQN S. CO., Wholesale Agents.
violinist may still be heard with. profit
and pleasure and the interest of curi
osity as to his future.
The lanzonetta ~bf Tschalkowsky
(from concerto in D major) showed Mr.
Spamer's sometimes exquisite
tone at «its best. Emotionally also it
was charmingly treated. There were
two Wilhelmj numbers besides, and the
allegro pathetique from the Ernst con
certo in F sharp minor.
Osyula Ormay, who accompanied, dis
played his usual delightful artistry.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
ML«s Howard's Recital.
Eula Howard, one of Hugo Mans
feld's^ most promising pupils, gave a
piano* recital at Steinway Hall last
evening before a crowded house. Miss
Howard's rendering of the difficult ex
amples of Rubinstein, Grieg and
Brahms that were found upon her pro
gramme was exceptionally capable,
considering her youth and short period
of study. The programme was as fol
lows:
I. Pavidsbuendlertaenze, op. 6 (Schumann)
— Lcbhaft. Innig. Mlt humor. Ungeduldig, Em
fach, St'br rasch. Nicht schnell, Frtsch. Leb
haft. . Balladentraesstr, . Einfach.. Mlt humor.
Wild und lustig. Zart und slngend, Frlsch, Wie
aus der Feme, Schnell.
II. (a) Intermezzo, op. 117, No. 1 (Brahms):
(b) Intermezzo, op. 117. No. 2 (Brahms); (c)
Serenade. oi>. 93, No. 5 (Rubinstein); (d)
Value, ov. 93. No. S (Rubinstein).
III. (a) Erstes besegnen, op. 52, No. 2; (b)
Ieh lieb* dich. op. 41. No. 3; (c) Menuett, .09.
67. No. 1— (Grieff).
IV. (a> IJebesnovelle. No. S. Glueckrausch
<Flo«rshelm); Xb> Lady of Shalott. after Tenny
gon (Albert I. Elkusi; (c) Rhapsody. No. 13
(Uszt).
To Core a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drur?ists refund the money if it fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c. •
LIGHTHOUSE IS DAMAGED.
Lightning Bolt Strikes the Station at
Destruction Island.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 25. — A spe
cial dispatch to the Telegrram from
Astoria. Or., says:
"During the preat storm which vis
ited the North Pacific Coast last Mon
day and which was accompanied by
severe electrical disturbances, the
Government lighthouse station at De
struction Island was nearly wiped out
of existence. During the height of
the storm, which appeared to center
over the island., a bolt of lightning
struck the end of the station and shat
tered a portion. No lives were lost,
although the occupants were stunned
by the shock. Temporary repairs have
been made, so that the light can be
used." •
VIENNA. Feb. 25.— Th« Hungarian dela
tion passed the ordinary and extraordinary
army estimates to-day, as well as a credit of
$3,750,000 for the purchase of new field guns.HOOPER TELLS
ANOTHER STORY
'Imprisoned Thug Claims
That He Has Been Sending
i lie Police on False Scents
SAYS HE SHOT HIMSELF
Asserts That He and Carson
Had No Aid in Bobberies
at San Rafael ami Sausalitd
Pr^cial DiFpatcli to The Call
SAX RAFAEL. Feb. 25.— That the
imagination of Austin Hooper is most
vivid is pelf -evident. Tolling the truth
if farthermost from his thoughts. He
has told many stories of the personnel
"f his gang, but it is now fully be
lieved by the authorities that he has
only been pending them on false scents.
Hooper himself asserts he has be2n
■'stringing"' the detectives and is much
pieas=cd that they worked on false
<-le\vs. Many hours' incarceration, how
•"ver. has melted his ardor for falsify
ing and this afternoon he told more
credulous fact? about his own move
ments within the past week or so than
has before been known. He now says
that lust he and Carson were in the
S&usalito and San Rafael affairs and
psvs that the gunshot wound in his
own leg was purely accidental. He
Cud it himself he says.
Re that as it may Sheriff Taylor and
J>t<?ctive Frank Depue are taking no
chances. They are Ptill on the look
out for others implicated. It has been
'ully established that "Ensliph Dick"'
c uld not have been nrppont here or
at Sausalito. as he is serving a een
ti roe in the Nevada State prison.
"^Rlackie." however, might have' been.
Justice Pryor believes he has seen
•Hlackie" in his court in Sausalito.
white to-day John Creed, special officer
oa the North Shore ferry-boats. Ftated
to Sheriff Taylor he was positive he
Mw "Blackie" on Monday morning in
Pausalito and that h<? took the early
boat for San Francisco. Creed saw
•"BlackieV picture this morning and
identified it as the same man he saw
en the boat.
Improved Service to Vallcjo.
VALLEJO. Feb. 2Z.— The steamer
•orcoran has been undergoing exten
sive overhauling and will go on the
Vallojo-S.in, Francisco route in a few
treeki. Hatch Bros, have purchased
from parties on Puget Sound the
steamer Arrow, which is said to be the
fastest passenger boat on this coast.
The Arrow is expected to make the
run between Vallejo and San Fran
cfsoo in on? hour and twenty minutes.
w hi<-h vi ill bp much below present time
by Hther rail or water. Th<» competi
tion for th*? local passenger traffic will
r:e keen.
Stolen Horses Are Found.
BAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— The two sad
dle horses which were recently stolen
from Spreckels* Soap Lake ranch.
near Gilroy,. were found late yesterday
afternoon in the mountains near Bell
station: They werp paddled and bri
<1k-d and had been hobbled before be
ing turned loose. Sheriff LangTord is
ryinsJLit locate the Uo mcn-uiio are
urpected of taking the horses. It is
telteved that after deserting the
torsea they made their way to the
ailroad with the rest of the plunder
hey ha<l taken from the ranch.
MohJran Prepariiis for a Cruise.
VALLEJO. Fob. 25.— The United
Slates training ship Mohican is bein?
l-repared and provisioned to take LOO
landsmen on a four months* -practice
ends* down- the coast. The following
< tianpps in the officers of the Mohican
have been announced: Knsign. Stanley
WoMs, ordered to Mare Island for
<1uty in connection with the submarine
torpedo-boats Grampus and Pike;
<Junner W. IL F. Sohlutcr to the Pen-
Fscr.U, exchanging duties with Gunner
J. Wilbur. Boatswain Daniel Mort
ality goes to the training ship »nde
r"*ri<2ence.
DB. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
WHJ You Help A Sick Friend?
Get My Book For Kim Now.
Whicr Bo** ' °" Dfwepsvi
■ •• Book i or. the Heart
•a*U Book j on rh« Kidaey»
| Book 4 tor Womto.
i> Dook s for Men<*ea!ed.>
• eaa ' Bock * oa kbeusutiMB
* ■Scfto ff ** no rooncT.
Coly tell me which book to tend.
You crruui: y know cf aocne one <rho is tick— «n»
sufferer who »-.ll be gmrful for the help try hook off ers.
And that book tell* of a w*ytohe!p. TelUofawsv
•n cerain that I. as a physician. < tt-r thatlielp oa trial.
The bock trIUiiowfar jo rears in hospitals and at bed-
•iocs I searched for a way to cure derp-seated and dift-
cvlt liseaaes. It te Us how 1 perfected my prescription
—Dr. Shoop's Reflontiw. How by scentific experi-
ment 1 traced out the causes that brine cr. chronic dis>
MB,
I found :r, vtriib'.y that where there was a weakness.
the inskie tvrre* were wask. Where !Vr' was s lack
cf vitality that the vital nerves lacked po»<er. Where
vukorijtii werefouod. I always found weak pervear
Not the oervas conunotJy tboucr.i of. but the vital or-
cans' uci»«-». the inside-— the invisible nerves.
This war z revelation. T)jen my real success beraa.
Thea 2 combined mgTtdim'j that woukl strengthen.
Chit, woo id no In* tbcae nerve* • That presenpwoo I
calted a restorative, it is'koown tSe worid over bow as
. ' Dr, £beop'a Restorative. Aiter that I did not fail to
'cere one case in each hundred. In the extremely dtfn-
■ eolr cases myfailurers for *ve years were one in each
' forty treated. 1 found cancer incurable. Cancer it
■ tor cuiB*ry, »ot medicine. |
Tben how to vet thu prescription to sick omi every-
where »r: try tboafht. I mast announce it in the
public press. But, ti.o-.-rM I, »J! they realize the
tnit*i of my iiisrovery— the reii powrr of Dr. Shoop's
I'dioTAC Then a » j y act to : r— \Xe an impiri-
•■'■• "J will offer it to the sick on trial. Then they
"will know I am sincere."
I I «TOt<a relubl«(inicr»t iaeach cityand vU|ixS-i&.
A-"rm3i.. Th*y arrt»c loco-openw witWmc.
' Now by any ski one
\ '. Dr. Shoop's Restorative
' ' Ctn be taVen on trbL For a full mrath I will letyoa
• •- it etit*eiy at try r;U
; 5eod »o money. ,!wt wr.te tne for -the book you,
need. V.'Jxrr I send i: 1 v.i'.\ teU yo-j of a drutxut near
t- 5 mho wtll permit the monUi't trial. Use the Kestora-
• ■■<■ i rr."r;:< Then deride. If you say to the dmcji.t
"Hdidr>ot help mr," tJiat will relieve yva of any ez-
per sc v-> i> lever, lie wiil .'..:: the cost to me.
1 his is r..y way of clearinfi V'.'jr mind of all doubts as
to <»!iat f>r. Sh'op's Beitmuve on do. No matter
hov.- ; itj^cV"* ■ you cannotdiipute Oiis ibsokite secur-
tt> I offer. Vou csnnct resis: an ofier hlce this if you
• reitaUwA- . . . ' ■= , .
If you tiave • »e?l=-— s. «n:e me. If voa an I a»
. . ' j;. i.Kt vp« vied to du them. ie\) r-r aboot it- !
■Wnlr in cocAdewae. A« a pJ^»ic:*n 1 will ull yo»
' i -wry u> Iw.tp. . <*ct any Hok . wow— to-day.
A<i<!re«« Dr. Shooji, Box ZGiO. Racine, Wis.
glflld casxr. r.ot chronic, are cften cured with
_.ie or two bottle*. At dniKglsls".
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
!V>r>k 1 on Dyspepsia Hock 4 for TVomea
nook 2 on the Heart Book 5 for Men {sealed)
Bock Z on the Kidneys Bock C on Rheumatism
At the Doctor's Risk
Schilling's Best, so far as;i
£ocs. means comfort and ease
and economy.
Money back; at your grocer's
EDMOND DE LABROUSSE MUST SPEND
REMAINDER OF HIS LIFE IN PRISON
Jury Fails to Consider the Plea of Insanity Advanced by the
Man Who Murdered Miss Marie Jordan last September-- Wails
of Weeping Mother and Sisters Fill trje Crowded Courtroom
SCENE SHOWING THE MURDERER OF MARIE JORDAN AND HIS
MOTHER AND SISTER AS THEY SAT IN JUDGE DUNNES
COURTROOM YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
VERDICT OF LABROUSSE JURY
We. tbe jury, find the defendant, Edmond dc I^abrouvse, guilty
of murder in the first degree and fix the penalty at imprisonment in
the State prison for life.
Edmond de Labrousse must spend the
remainder of his life in prison for the
murder of Miss Marie Jordan on Sep
tember 29 last. Such was the decree of
the jury that has been trying the case
for the" past eight days in Superior
Judge Dunne's court. It was just 9
o'clock last evening when the jurors en
tered the courtroom, and as they took
their seats the giant clock in the tower
of the Hall of Justice pealed forth the
hour. In the silence of the courtroom
the big bell seemed to be tolling the
death knell of the murderer, who sat
with his face in his hands awaiting the
verdict.
When M. J. Balfe. the foreman, rose
to read the verdict he turned his eyes
from the pitiful gaze of Labrousse's
weeping mother and two sisters. The
other jurors turned in their seats
nervously. "We, the the jury, find the
defendant. Edmond de Labrousse.
guilty of murder in the first degree and
fix the penalty at imprisonment;' In the
State prison for life," read Balfe. Noth
ing but the sobs of the broken-hearted
mother and sisters for a moment broke
the silence. Then the assembled motley
crowd seemed to give its approval of
the verdict with a low hum of excited
voices.
The murderer did not evince any emo
tion. With his chin in his hands
he sat apparently oblivious of the
fact that he had just received a-sen
tence of isolation from the world. De La
brousse had nothing to say in regard to
the verdict, and was led from the
courtroom by detectives and conveyed
to the County Jail. The date of his
sentence has been fixed for March S. •
The jury received its instructions at
4:40 o'clock and was out just three
hours and twenty minutes. On the first
ballot the vote stood nine to three for
hanging, all of the jurors being firmly
convinced that the murderer was not
insane at the time he killed Marie Jor
dan. The three held out for life impris
onment and eucceeded in- bringing: the
rest of the jury to that verdict.
Yesterday was the eighth day of the
trial. At the completion of the argu
ments by Attorney William H. Alford
for the defendant and District Attorney
Byington for the prosecution Judge
Dunne pave the jury its instructions.
Attorney Alford pleaded the insanity
of his client at the time.of the perpetra
tion of the murder, and went over the
evidence submitted in behalf of the
prisoner to shov, 1 that De Labrousse
was of unsound mind prior to and at
the lime of the commission of 'the
crime.
He argued that there had been no
provocation and no cause for the deed,
but that it was the act of one whose
reason had been unbalanced through
business reverses and the loss of the
object of his affection. After a man's
reason had flown neither the law, nor
the Jury, nor God, he said, would hold
him responsible for his acts.
Attorney Alford desired to impress
upon the minds of the jury that in
sane men were capable of deliberation
and -were foxlike and cunning, and
their plans seemed to be perfectly rea
sonable.
ARGU-MEXT AS TO SANITY.
In reviewing the -testimony given by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY. ■ 26. 1904.
the numerous witnesses for the prose
cution he paid a high compliment to
Detective Reynolds for the able man
ner he had worked on the case for the
people, yet he insisted that the prose
cutloti. with all the advantages at its
command, had not proved that the pris
oner was sane either before or at the
time of the murder.
District Attorney Byington argued
that the prisoner was perfectly sane
when he sent the three fatal shots into
the body of Miss Jordan. He was sane
enough to kill her first, said the Dis
trict Attorney, and to then deliberately
prepare the pistol to turn upon himself.
He was sane enough, before Jeaving the
house to meet his victim, to give hia
landlady a package and a letter for
his friend Feret and to shake hands
and bid Mrs. Mullaly, his landlady,
good-by. Every act that morning, de
clared the District Attorney, was con
secutive and not the pjan of one de
void of reason or one not knowing right
from wrong. ,
It was remarkable, he said, that the
prisoners wrote three letters, yet never
a word of farewell did he indite to
the woman he professed to love; not
a line to bid her farewell upon his de
cision to commit suicide.
In every case of intending suicide
where a love affair existed the one
about to take his or her life has left
a farewell iine to the one loved. This
in itself showed that De Labrousse,
while he Intended to take his own life,
also planned that Miss Jordan should
die with him. His enmity for the Jor
dan family, said District Attorney By
ington, caused him to resolve that he
would kill her on the very threshold of
the home of her mother and sister.
WAS DELIBERATE MURDER.
If the perpetrator of that cold-blooded
murder, he said, was deserving of pity
at the hands of the jury, then it was
time, indeed, that we close the courts
of justice. It was as deliberate a mur
der as any that had -occurred in the
city and county.
Reference was made by the District
Attorney to the great number of wit
nesses from the Central Emergency
Hospital, including doctors and nurses
and the numerous policemen who sat
by the prisoner's bedside, who all testi
fied to his being rational. If acquitted
the District Attorney declared such a
verdict would be a blot on the Jury
system of this State and the jury sys
tem of the nation. He asked for a ver
dict' of murder in the first degree.
Judge Dunne instructed the jury on
the law as it touched upon insanity
saying that if they thought the pris
oner insane at the time of the com
mission of the murder he could not be
convicted of a crime. He told the. jury
what constituted murder in the first
degree, which required that it must
be premeditated, and also instructed
them on the law of. manslaughter,
when life was taken in the heat of
passion and without malice afore
thought. Judge Dunne said that the
defense of insanity must be proved by
the defendant by. a preponderance of
evidence showing that he was insane
at the time of the act.
Let' us fit your hand to a Waterman.
Regal or Marshall fountain pen. Price
J1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market st. ', •
PRIEST TARGET
FOR BULLETS
Father 31artin Serge ofSau
salito, While Walking to
His Home, Is Shot at Twice
SAUSALITO. Feb. 25.— From facts
brought to light to-day it is now be
lieved that Hooper and Carson were not
the only highwaymen at work in this
county. On Sunday night Rev. Father
Martin Serge, while walking Ijome from
the late ferry-boat, was shot at twice.
The matter has been kept very quiet
by the authorities, but to-day when it
leaked out Father Serge had the fol
lowing story to relate:
"I returned home from San Francisco
on the S:45 ferry-boat. Arriving at
Sausalito about 9:30 and not finding a
hack I started to walk home. When
I came opposite the Hearst place I
noticed two men across the street.
When I had walked some distance they
crossed the street -and followed me.
One was tall and the other mucii
shorter. Knowing of the hold-up the
Friday night previous in this city I
believed the men were following idk
When I arrived near a pile of rocks
alongside the road I stopped and hid
behind them. The men stopped also
and in a few seconds fired two shots
in my direction and then turned and
ran in the opposite direction."
Father Serge is a newcomer to Sau
salito. He recently returned from
China after a residence there of eight
een years.
Colossal Figures in Life Insurance.
.The Metropolitan Life puts forth a statement
in to-day's Call of Its business In 1003, pre
senting an array of figures that shows Im
pressively the Intimate relations between this
institution, and the whole people. In one item
alone an amazinc fact is stated. It Is that
Eivinc the number of policies in force on the
last day of the year — more than 7,500,000
showing that one person in every ten of the
entire population of the . United States is In
sured In this company. :
This company has paid to and invested for
its policy holders since organization over $i3s -
000,000— a sum that will impress the average
reader merely as being vast and very vague.
During 1903 the amount thus distributed among
policy holders averaged $»y a minute during
every working day of the year.
Every day In the year S5U claims were paid:
every day In the year more than (WOO new pol
icies were written. At the end of every day in
the year the company's assets were more than
$oO,000 greater than in the morning, its total
assets at the end of the year were more than
$HK>,oCO,O0O. Its total income for the one year
l!)03 wai over $40,000,000.
Nothing could show more plainly what life
Insurance really stands for In the minds of the
people. It is not regarded as a speculative
venture, but a sure promise of security; a safe
shelter when financial storm clouds threaten
general wreck.
A concern like the Metropolitan Life Insur
ance Company is, of course., a business or
ganization. b--t it Is one in which all of Its
policy holders are bona fide partners, "a com
pany of the people, by the people and for the
people"; one that has known how to gain and
how to Justify the confidence of the whole
community.- ' -
That is why no bank stockholder will read
the annual report or his own prosperous bank
Tilth keener relish than people everywhere
read thin remarkable, statement of the Metro
politan Life. ■ ■ _'
Toadies* Aid Holds Ruminate Sale.
The«st. Charles branch of the Cath
olic Ladies' Aid Society is conduct
ing a rummage sale at 4S8 Fourth
street. The ladies m charge will
gratefully acknowledge any contribu
tions of clothing, old shoes or house
holds goods sent, to the number. The
proceeds of the sale are to be devoted
to the relief 6f the poor whose care
falls to this philanthropic - body of
women.
The "KiHies' " Ragtime Smoker.
To-morrow nlghtahe celebrated "Kil
ties" Band will give a rag-time smoking
concert at the Alhambra Theater. All the
soloists will contribute special numbers
and all the encore numbers will be of
the "rag-time" kind. The Clan John
stone troupe will introduce new dances.
At to-morrow's matinee every lady will
be presented wit!i a ■ handsome album
containing the words and' music of the
most famous Scotch. songs. The farewell
concerts will take place Sunday after
noon and nieht. ' . •
STORM CAUSES
LITTLE DAMAGE
American. Feather and Tuba
Rivers Are Falling and the
Farmers Feel Great Relief
TEAIN SERVICE STOPPED
Several Small Bridges and
Levees Give Way Under the
Strain-Loss Will Be Slight
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 25.— The Tuba
River pa'ssAT the twenty-foot mark this
morning and the great levees sur
rounding the city of Marysville proved
good and true. The feeling of danger
that prevailed last night has passed
away and the merchants are restoring
goods to their former positions on the
first floor. The water *stlll continues
high, but both rivers are falling slowly.
The country on all sides is flooded and
some damage to crops and livestock
has resulted. No trains have reached
Marysville to-day. Five hundred feet
of the railroad embankment has gone
out between this city and Reeds sta
tion on the south. Train service will
be resumed Friday if the water re
cedes. The present rain and flood water
has eclipsed all former records.
COLFAX, Feb. 25.— Owing to heavy
rains for a week past the North Fork
of the American River is higher than it
has been for five years. Much damage
is being done mining property along
the river, the Sacramento Mining and
Dredging Company being perhaps the
heaviest loser. Although prepared for
floods, such a great rise in the river
was not expected.
The first serious loss was the burst
ing of a dam which had been built at
heavy expense. Immediately following
this a great quantity of lumber was
swept away, the booms restraining it
being snapped. Next to fall into the
rushing waters was a dredging outfit.
Great quantities of debris, trees and
logs helped the work of ruin. For a
time the Iowa Hill suspension bridge
was threatened, but only the smaller
cables were broken by wreckage strik
ing them.
BIGGS, Feb. 25.— At 2 o'clock this
morning half the residence portion of
Biggs was covered with water from a
depth of a few inches to several feet.
Many dwellings and barns were sur
rounded by water and in a few In
stances the water ran into the houses
and families were, moved out. Looking
toward Gridley and Marysville in the
south as far as the eye could reach at
dawn appeared an open sea. The high
water was caused by an overflow of the
Feather River. All orchard lands on
Rio Bonito cast of town were sub
merged to a depth of from one to five
feet. The water commenced receding a
few hours later.
STOCKTON, Feb. 25.— The streams
in the vicinity of Stockton are not dan
gerously full and the water is fast fall
ing. .Out at Woodbridge, in the north
ern section of the county, the levees on
the Mokelumne River broke to-day and
the water is pouring over the grain
lands, but it is not believed the damage
will be heavy, as cross-levees will turn
the water into the falling streams.
MILTON, Feb. 25.— One and twenty
hundredths inches of rain fell here dur
ing the storm, making a total of 11.34
inches for the season, which is well in
advance of the record for the corre
sponding time last season. The moun
tain streams are nearly impassable, but
the waters are subsiding.
GREENVILLE, Feb. 25.— A warm
rain falling on the snow for three days
'resulted last night in the highest water
known in Plumas River in many
years. Stage communication with ad
joining towns was cut off and the re
sumption of mail service is indefinite.
No accidents were reported. The dam
age to roads and bridges is probably
great.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Feb. 25.— A gen
tle rain began falling here last night
and continued until after daylight: .25
of an inch fell. The northern part of
the county got about half an inch. The
total rainfall for the season is 6.69
inches.
CONDEMNED MAN MAKES
MOST PECULIAR REQUEST
diaries Wimlrlp, Murderer, Asks
lx*ave to Occupy Dcatli Chamber
While Awaiting Noose.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Feb. 25.—
Charles Wardrip, the murderer of
Hugh Duffy at Sacramento, will ex
piate his crime to-morrow morning at
10:30 o'clock. Wardrip was taken
jnto the death chamber last Monday.
He is the first man of the thirty-four
thus far executed here that has asked
to be taken into the dreaded place be
fore the scheduled time, usually only
a few- days before the hanging. Ward
rip told Warden Tompkins that he was
afraid he would collapse if he was not
speedily taken to the death chamber.
Wardrip will be the youngest man ever
executed in San Quentin. He is 20 years
old. Two of his relatives have met
the same fate that awaits him to-mor
row. Very few invitations have been
issued and only about thirty persons
will witness the execution.
HATFIELD'S LIKE ENDS
WHILK HE IS AT PRAYER
Inmate of Agnew Asylum Dies, Sup
posedly From Shock Caused by
Earthquake. ;' ; ;^^
SAN JOSE, Feb. 25. — Clarence V.
Hatfleld, an inmate of Agnew Insane
Asylum, died while kneeling: in prayer
at the side of his bed some time last
night. He was found in this position
by an attendant shortly after 1 o'clock
this morning. So lifelike was the po
sition of the dead man that the at
tendant did, not realize that he was
dead. After trying to rouse him one
of the physicians was called, who dis
covered the keeling form was a corpse.
It is presumed. that his death was due
to shock caused by, the light earth
quake felt, here this morninjr.
Hatneld had been at the asylum
about a month, having been commit
ted from San Francisco. "\Vith his
wife he had lived at 240 Shotwell
street in that city.
Tremble Is Feared at Jamestown.
STOCKTON, Feb. 25. — -Word comes
from Jamestown that trouble is feared
at the" Rawhide gold mine, near that
town, "wliere a strike of miners has
been - on for a week. Captain Nevills
owns the property and has placed
guards around the mine to keep the
strikers away. ■ Non-union miners
brought in to work are met at James
town by miners' • committeemen and
'turned back, but Nevills has enough
men to run the mine and promises to
start up this week. He may call for
State troops if the strikers show a dis
position to, fight h$m.
NEW YORK, Feb.' JS. — Camphor Is growing
rapidly In price owins to the war in the Far
East. About a, week ago it was 77. cents per
pound. If Is now 85 cents and is said to be
ax tremelv scarce even at that figure.
DB. KILMER'S S*W AMP-ROOT. ,',/V : " v - :
ABE YOUR KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary
and bladder troubles were to be traced to :he l^ffSasiM^^l
kidneys, but now modern science proves that U^^^?5t^
nearly all diseases have their beginning in >p^gB», '
the disorder of these most important organs. :^^ ; '
The kidneys filter and purify the blood — ■ aw^^l
that is their work. 'Ik ;^^
Therefore, when your kidneys are week or
out of order, you can understand how quick- p^^p;
Jy your entire body is affected, and how ev- l^^KCp
cry organ seems to fail to do its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly." begin taking JfflllBllni«wafi^Sv^
the great kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- j^^^^^^^^^S3^^^aS.
Root, because as soon as your kidneys begin yj^^w^aBBKjB^^^^^^m
to get hetter thev will help all the other or- ■
gran*- to health. A trial will convince any one. ga * a Bi i iorrF»iT^"TKMfl
I cheerfully recommend and Indorse the Great &&M I rjL" „,. Sniw-liH
Bemedy, Dr. Kilmer's Sv/amp-Boot, for kidney fcfll K.1U.1ER S ri|gg
trouble and bad liver. I have used it and derived Rf2j CWJITLTD DAAT ftlS
gTeat benefit from it. I believe it has cured me W$m S 11 AMl -IlUU 1 Sf^tl
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from which BSffl UUIUIU "vv* g^
I suffered terribly. ralU Kldccsr.Llv-r&Saidar §itf||
Most jrratefuUy yonrs, W&A "" CURE. u¥M
A. E. Reynolds, Chief of Police, fAffi direction^ Islifl
Columbus, Qa. HgaH •«.•■» T*««<M«,t*».ort'S-»» fs^a
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible j^gj £X£?L\£i ( iU 1 '- **"* kP]
for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted c^i^j c > i ijr«if«..««ni!»« «»««•, Bjffjj
to continue much suffering and fatal results «|§| .tiXJSSZl Zmfi£ fffii-
are sure to- follow. Kidney trouble irritates £§§9 ««• — " w fffjg
the nerve?, makes vou dizzy, restless, sleep- tSj^fel • ' — -— fcflli
less and irritable. Makes you pass water often §i« iu!U l ,.^,. I hbj2JrSc?i WSM
during the day and obliges you to get up gpli 1'?J?Xk\*£ *Z*Z Rffl
many times during the night. Unhealthy kid- Basil r»" k *« ih« w**C*.SL»J? |H 1
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the «§§§ '£?■"?, SiiJ. 1^^ u *w BifS
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints gf^ *J77l f ESlInSuL?"*"' Blia
and muscles; make your head ache and back *&WgL *4i»a«» any n p^.-J
ache; cause indigestion, stomach and liver elsiij DR- KILMER t CO., [If**!
trouble; you get a sallow, yellow complex- Hpilj kngii amtos. .v. y. > .
ion; make vou feel as though you had heart jg|f| jgo^ by all Druggists, ggj
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but , Lll^ JjJSl
no strength; get weak, and waste away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's Si^^w^i^^^SI3
Swamp-Root, the world-famed kidney rem- p^^^^^^^^^^^Sl^
cdy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the '^osaBmeacssSBSSKSSttSMBmammtr
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- <Swamp-Root u pleasant to tako
neys that is known to medical science. ,, .
How to Find Out " " o l "« p y C ° B '
If there is any doubt in your mind as to vmced that Swamp-Root i,
your condition, take from your urine on ris- what you need, you can por-
ing about four ounces, place it in a glass or h th rceu i ar fif tv -cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If cnase tne "S mar n«y cent
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there and one-dollar size bottles
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles t th d stores everv-
float about in it, your kidneys are in need of at thC drug StOr " eVCfy
immediate attention. where. Don't make any mis-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used take, but remember the
in the -leading hospitals, recommended by
physicians in their private practice, and is name, bwamp-Koot, Dr. Ktl-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- rner's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the . . _. . __ „
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- address Binghamton, N. Y.,
ney, liver and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDITORIAL KOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove its
wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable informa-
tion, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. The
value and success of Swamp-Root are so well known that our readers ar« ad-
vised to send for a sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr Kilmer & Co
Binphamton. N. Y be sure to say you read this generous offer in The San Fran-
cisco Daily Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of
this offer.
You may safely rely on my
Special $1.00 Knile
Made of finest materials; has three or four
blades — according to your choice — every
blade warranted to be of best tempered
steel. 1 carry one of the largest and
choicest selections of cutlery in the city.
All oest makes — Wostenholm's. Jordan's.
Henckel*', Stiletto and others.
MY #2.00 RAZOR Is a world beater. 1
also carry many other grades, including
the STAR SAFETY RAZOR at fl.5O—
reduced frcm $'J.CO.
SCISSORS as low in price as 25c
RAZOR STROPS from 25c up.
■i*wo bars Williams' 10c Shaving Soap.
15c.
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAIT PITTS.
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
10C8 Market Street, above Powell.
San Francisco.
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Di\ Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halprunef Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4. p. m,
7} visit DR. JORDAN'S great?
4MUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
0 fifi 1CSI WSXK ST. ti:. 6:4 t"a , S.r.&2. i
\ Cj^ The Lar^ett Autosucd Museum in th* \
<J _jLj.\jm World. Weakaes>cs or iuy catraited A
O Jf&fal iptwImombtCou'. Eil. j»y tin. Q
A Q%2®& DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ 9 fS*w}3 Comolnuon free ind %'x\r\\j prmtf. \
u I J&5t H Ttearme.it penonilly or by le:t;r. A O
\ B u Sill f9ntit ' \
AR'I llA U'nie for B»t. raiLovupnv .r i
V * II \y* n*nniAGE. mailbo f.uc. ur
A (J /j. valuable book for mm) \
V DB. JOBDAS •» CO.. 1051 Market St..S. F. V
tf^SI I ft i 0\ Ammunition, Hunt'ns and
l«l Bill Sporting Go-ida. -arsest
B_l I IfU Mock. Lowest prices. Sind
111 HlWan for catalogue.
I ■ &df SHREVU & CAREER CO..
■^Z--^T- r--^T 720 Market »t. and Ml
Kearny »t.
f FAVORITE
SGRIPT10N
R WEAK WOMEN ♦_
-AUCTION!'
REFEREE SALE
OK THE
Following choice list of residence, investment
and unimproved properties of th« C. J. Win-
Iferter estate will be bHd Monday. February
29 1004. at 12 o'clock noon, at Golden Oat*
Hall. 625-7 Sutter st.. subject »o confirmation
by the Superior Court :
SE. cor. Post *nd Stockton sts., substantial
flve-story and basement brick bulldlnf, con-
taining store and 24 room* above; rented low
at $385 per month: lot ?3x~(X
Ho. 2.
Xo. 220-6 Kearny it.. NE. cor. of Hardy
: place, bet. Sutter and Bush sts.. good 3-story
j and basement brick buildln*. containing 2
stores and lodging-bouse of 1* rooms; rents
$151 per month; 38x40.
Xo. 606-7 Kearny it.. W. line, bet. Sacra-
mento and Clay sts. ; well-built 3-story and
basement brick building;, containing; store and
•> offices above; rents $125 per month; lot 23:3x
/* " HO. 4.
! Xo. 1309-11 Stockton st.. YT. line. bet. Broad-
way and Vallejo St.; Improvements consUt ot
•1-story frame building, containing stores and
50 rooms above occupied aa a hotel; rents $205
per month; lot 45:8x68:9.
Wo. S.
Xo. 212-14 Leavenworth st.. E. line. bet.
Turk and Eddy sts.: improvements consist of
1! 2-story bay-window residences of 9 rooms
and bath each; rents $130 per month; lot 50x
87 :b.
Wo. 6.
Xo. 221 Leavenworth st.. W. line. bet. Turk
and Eddy st*. : 2-story frame dwelling; of 1O
rooms and bath; rents $55 per month; lot 25z
87 :«.
No. 7.
Xo. 2121-3 FUlroore »t.. W. line. bet. Cali-
fornia and Sacramento sts.; 2-story fram*
building:, containing store and flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rented low at $60 per month; lot
03x104:3.
No. 8.
Xo. 270C-6 Sacramento st. and Xo. 2123
Pierce st., NW. cor.; Improvements consist o?
two desirable residences of 10 rooms and bath
each and modern cottage of 9 rooms and bath:
particulars of rents can be had at our ofSce;
lot 137:exl27:8Vi.
Ho. 9.
No. 2714 Sacramento st.. N. line. bet. Pt«rc»
and Scott sts.: a desirable residence oC 10
rooms and bath: particulars of Tent can b«
obtained at our office; lot 63:9xl27:S%'
Xos. 2713-21-27-ST> Clay st. and Xo. 213»
Pierce St.. SW. cor.; Improvements consist oT
5 modern residences or 8-10-12 rooms and bath
each: In perfect nrder and rented low at $385
per month: lot 2Gt!:3xl27:8U.
HO. 11.
No. 2342-4 Devisadero st.. SE. cor. of Jack-
ron st.: 2 modern residences of 9-t4 rooms and
tatta each; rents $13:; per month; lot 52:S"*
xllO.
Xo. 13.
Xo. 2321-3 Devlsadero st. and Xo. 2811 Jack-
son st.. SW. cor.; Improvements consist of 3
modern residences of 7-8-14 rooms and bath
ea.:h; renls $2CO per month: lot 63:9x137:8.
Pacific ave.. S. line. bet. DeTisadaro and
Broderick »t?.: choice unimproved residence
uite; 153xl27:8U.
Ho. 14.
Entir* b'.ock. Xo. 855. Tide Lands, consist-
ing of 24 lots. Xcs. 1 to 24. Inclusive.
Vo. 15.
Lots 17 to 2O. incruaive. and 29 to 32. In-
clusive, block No. 381. CKNell A Haley Tract.
HEHST IE7T ESTATE.
By order of Executor.
Nos. "15-17-23-25 McAllister St.. S. line, bet.
Gough ard Octavla: Improvements consist of
store with 4 qocms and lodging-house of 12
rooms nnd 2 tlat* of 6-S room* and bath: rents
$122 CO p«r month: lot 53xl.T7:8.
For catalogue and further particulars, ap-
ply at our ofn>e.
G. H. UMBSCX * ca. CT MONTGOMEr>T ST ,
\A/. X. HESS.
Hotary Pnsllo and Attorn «y-at-£»w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clau» Spreckels bldg.
Telcohone Main 053.
. Residence. 1»<K McAllister «t.
Residence Telephone Paga gfru.
WEEKLY CALL. 81.00 P£B YKAA.
34
JAPANESE ARMY WILL ATTEMPT TO CAPTURE HARBIN
MINERS MEET
SODDEN DEATH
At the 3Iinnie Jlealey Mine,
Near Butte, Cave-In Ends
the Lives of Five Workmen
EXPECTED AN ACCIDENT
At Time Calamity Occurred
Men Were Strengthening
the Reported Weak Spot
BUTTE, Mont.. Feb. 25.— Five lives
•were lost by a cave-in of earth and
rock In the famous Minnie Healey mine
this afternoon. The dead:
THOMAS HAGGERTY. shift boas.
THOMAS FURLONG, miner.
WILLIAM DWYER, miner.
IKE ABRAHAM, miner.
ANTON TR1NETTI, miner.
The accident occurred on the sixth
floor of the 1000-foot level. Early In
the day the foreman vras Informed that
The ground 5n that place was very soft
and in danger of falling. He withdrew
all the miners who were working there.
This afternoon Shift Boss Haggerty
took Furlong. Dwyer, Abraham and
Trinetti into the place to bulkhead and
otherwise strengthen it-
Just how the fall came will never
be known, as not one of the five men
-was left to toll the tale. The noises
of the fall were heard in other portions
of the mine. Work was at once sus
pended and every one went to the res
cue.
The bodies of Happrerty and Trinetti
were brought to the surface early this
evening, but it is likely to be several
days before the other victims are
found. . . ,
The Minnie Healey mine is being
worked by the Montana Ore Purchas
ing Company. It is the property that
became celebrated because of the great
legal battle for the ownership, which
Just at present rests with the Montana
Ore Purchasing Company.
Furlong's body was recovered to
night. It is now reported that Tom
Powers, another miner, is missing and
mav be under the earth and rock.
Wife Murderer Is Hanged.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Feb. 25.— John
Ccnroy, convicted of killing his wife
while she was asleep in their home in
this city, was hanged in the County
Jail yard to-day. At the trial Conroy
asserted that while he was kneeling at
the bedside saying his prayers he saw
his wife pointing a revolver at his
head. He turned the revolver aside,
he said, and it was discharged, the
bullet entering his wife's head.
President Harner Is Seriously 111.
CHICAGO, Feb. 25. — President "Wil
liam R. Harper of the University of
Chicago has suffered a relapse of his
recent attack of appendicitis and again
is under the closest attention of his
physicians. His exact condition is not
known to other than his physicians
and members of his family, but it is
feared at the university that his re
cent trip in the East caused his malady
to return in a more serious form than
Murphy Will Surrender Office.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 25. — Martin Mur
phy, the Democratic candidate, who
was declared elected County Auditor
at the last general elction, but who
was defeated on a recount in the Su
perior Court by Iiis Republican com
petitor, W. F. Parker, chiefly by the
throwing out of "no nomination" bal
lots, has abandoned his appeal to the
Supreme Court and will to-morrow
morning turn the office over to Parker.
Indorses Hepbum-Dolllver Bill.
"WILKESBARRE, Pa., Feb. 25. — At
to-day"s session of the Eastern Con
ference of the ' United Evangelical
church a petition was read to be pre
sented to Congress indorsing the Hep
burn-Dolliver bill and asking that it
might be passed by the Senate. This
bill prohibits the importation into
Kansas and other Prohibition States
by railroads and express companies of
liquor in original packages.
Disappears With Funds of Union.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25. — V»'alter A.
Dawson of Brooklyn, 53 years of age,
treasurer of the New York House
smiths' Union, has been missing from
his home since Tuesday and the police
have been requested by counsel for the
union to send out a general alarm to
this effect. Before his disappearance
Dawson had on his person about $4000
belonging to the union.
Colombian Election Still Undecided.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25. — The Presi
dential election in Colombia is still
undecided, according to a Herald dis
patch from Bogota. General Reyes
has a small majority and it is generally
believed the Electoral College will de
clare him President on July 5, with
Oeneral Gonzales Valencia as Vice
President.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cannot Rest
Your appetite is gone. Yvhat little
you eat distresses you. Strength is fall-
ing — are bilious. You have headache
backache, feel blue and melancholy — and
cannot rest or sleep. The fact is your
nerves are unstrung, and you are on the
verpe of nervous prostration. They must
be strengthened, renewed. They will not
cure themselves, but must have a nerve
remedy. This you will find in
Dr. Miles' Nervine
It is prepared for just such ailments
and is a nevpr-failing remedy, because it
soothes, feeds and builds the nerves back
to health.
If allowed to continue stomach, kid-
ney and liver troubles will soon be added
to your already overflowing measure of
misery.
"I Buffered from nervous prostration
When I began taking Dr. Miles* Nervine
I couldn"t hold anything in my hands,
nor get from one room to another JCow
I do all my own work." — MRS. CHAS
LANDRUM. Carthage. Mo.
Nervine seldom fails to do all we claim
for it. and so we authorize druggist to
refund money if first bottle does not
benefit.
•J— . — z*. .$.
| A FOREIGN) OFFICE RO- j
3IANCE,
BV A. CONAX DOY>LE.
SHOWING THE SECRETS OP
THE DIPLOMACY THAT PRE-
j CEDES AND FOLLOWS A
j GREAT WAR.
| NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
SUMMARY OF THE WAR NEWS CONTAINED IN THE CALL'S ADVICES
A Japanese force Jias landed at Possiet Ray and marched inland toward Kirin. The Russian Government, bureau, is said to have left Vladivostok ami
gone to Khabarovsk. The Japanese invasion of Northern Manchuria-is intended as. a flank movement to cut off Russia's base of supplies.
Japanese armies are gathering rapidly in Northern Korea, while a strong Russian force is bting concentrated in that region, and 9evere fighting is expected.
A tremendous cannonade. from the""Russian land batteries and warships was concentrated on the Japanese vessels that sought to block the channel at Port Ar-
v thur. Following the futile attempt to block the channel, the Japanese fleet is rqx>rted to have renewed the bombardment of Port Arthur. Official advices from Vice
roy Alexieff's chief of staff and cablegrams from other sources report that the attack was brilliantly repulsed. Port Arthur refugees arriving at Chefu declare
that the Russians sank several of the attacking warships, but there is no^official confirmation of their statements.
Relations between the United States and Russia are strained. Russians have begun a boycott of American goods,. and our trade has already suffered to
such an extent that the American commercial houses in Russia have called the matter to the attention of United States Consuls.
News dispatches from British sources charge the Russians, with having massacred Chinese natives, including Women, and with- having murdered Japanese
refugees. Previous accusations of the same nature were, proved groundless. -
Two immense shipments of beef from San Francisco for. the Rursian army have fallen into the hands of the Japanese. The local firm having the contract
for the supplies has canceled a third _ shipment after the' beef was loaded aboard a steamship.
Foreign diplomats in St. Petersburg believe that a secret ■■understanding exists between the Czar and the Kaiser, and the fear that all Europe will eventually
Japanese Will Invade Manchuria.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 2 and 3.
Standard sends in a report from a native source that the Rus- <
sians have burned a large village near "the Sungari River and ,
massacred the inhabitants, including the women, in revenge for '
an attempt to wreck the Sungari bridge.
PEKING, Feb. 25.— The Director General of Railroads re- /
ports. that ioo Russian infantrymen, an officer, a gun and a
large supply of ammunition are at Yaoyangho, and that 200
Russian cavalrymen and.t\\o guns have arrived at Luilichang.
These towns are both on the west side of the Liao River. The.
Director General reports that the Manchurian Railroad is guard
ed by detachments of Cossacks of thirty men each, who occupy
high watch towers at intervals of a mile.
The force landed at Possiet Bay flanks the main Russian army on the
Yalu, threatens Vladivostok and is in a position to dash for Klrln and Har
bin, cutting all communications and isolating the Russian troops in Man
churia from their base of supplies.
Colonel Oka of the Japanese general staff, in a recent interview with The
Call correspondent Jn New York, declared that the dash for Harbin and
Northern Manchuria would be one of the first moves of the campaign.
"Harbin," said the colonel, "is the key to the strategic situation. Rus
sia, with her troops scattered all over Manchuria, with big garrisons at
Port Arthur, Mukden, Newchwang and Vladivostok, would, we consider,
puffer by her decentralization. We think that by a great effort and much
self-sacrifice on the part of our troops, a rush upon Harbin, with its im
mense stores of ammunition, forage and provisions, would be a success.
"Once in occupation, we should hold the line at a vital point. To the
south would be Port Arthur and Dalny, cut off from their lines of commu
nication. Both places would be at the risk of assault by the Japanese navy
outside and the Japanese army on the land side. To raise the siege the gar
rison would have to come out and fight in the open."
Kirin is some 200 miles from Hunchun, however, and campaigning in
Northern Manchuria in February is no pleasant undertaking. The v ther
mometer rarely goes above zero during the winter in those latitudes. It is
possible the Japanese movement is intended to flank the Russian position
on the Yalu.
PATTY LIKES
SAN FRANCISCO
Her Manager Announces He
Has Arranged for Singer to
Appear Here Once 3Iore
CELLIST SEEKS DAMAGES
Hegner, Dismissed by Rob
ert Grau, Demands Repa
ration Through Courts
CHICAGO, Feb. 25.— Mme. Patti will
continue her tour of concerts in this
country despite attachment proceed
ings and the giving up of her concert
in Philadelphia, according to Robert
Grau, who is arranging for her appear
ance Monday evening at the Audito
rium. ->.
"Mme. Patti and her company will be
here to-morrow," said Grau. "She will
sing here Monday, at Indianapolis
Wednesday and at Louisville Friday of
next week. More than that, I am to
arrange for the return of the prima
donna to San Francisco. Mr. Hegner,
the 'cellist, sued the company for $25,
000 damages after he was discharged in
San Francisco. The Philadelphia con
cert was given up because in that way
the money paid for tickets still be
longed to the public and could not be
attached. It is nonsense to say that
Mme. Patti has decided to give up her
tour on account of this Incident. It was
an unfortunate affair, but we do not
look for further trouble." •
LAPSING OF ISLE OF PINES
TREATY DUE TO OVERSIGHT
Time Limit for Ratification of Con
vention Expires Before Ofiiclals
Realize. Long Delay.
HAVANA, Feb. 25.— The lapsing of
the Isle of Pines treaty on account of
its not being ratified within the time
limit is regarded here^ to be mainly
due to the fact that the State Depart
ment at Washington did not call at
tention to the matter. It would also
appear, however, that the Cuban Stat^
Department failed to remember this
time limit. The. treaty was signed in
Havana. July 2. 1903, and was ratified
by the Cuban Senate on July 16, since
when it has tieen pending in the United
States Senate. The last condition of
the treaty was to the effect that the
ratification should be exchanged In
Washington within seven months of the
date of signing.
Persons interested in securing Amer
ican sovereignty for the Isle of Pines
are jubilant over the lapse, considering
it to be a setback which gives promise
of the defeat of the proposition that
the island remains under Cuban sov
ereignty.
To : Recruit Regiment of Jews.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25. — Leopold
Moss of Chicago, who is in this city,
has announced his intention of re
cruiting here a> regiment of Hebrews
for the Japanese army. Moss was a
colonel on the staff of the late Gov
ernor Altgeld of Illinois and served as
a captain in the war with Spain. Of
ficials of the Japanese Government
here have repeatedly stated the coun
try's laws do not permit the service of
aliens, so that Colonel Moss* regiment
is not likely to reach the front.
CHICAGO. Feb. 20. — According to officer* of
the Employes' Union, looo employes of whole
sale rrocery houses in Chicago have been In
formed that after' March 1' there will be a 10
ter cent reduction in wage*'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 2(5, 1904.
GREET TROOPS
WITH FUSILLADE
Government Forces Attack
San Pedro de Macoris, but
Are Repulsed by Insurgents
TOWN IS BOMBAEDED
Rebels Return Fire of the
Presidente and v Cause Her
to Leave for San Domingo
SAN DOMINGO, Monday. Feb. 22.—
Government forces attacked San Pedro
de Macoris last Saturday. They went
in small boats with the intention of
landing, but were received with a fu
sillade from the Insurgents which re
sulted in many being killed or wounded.
The gunboat Presidente then bom
barded the town and inflicted much
damage.
The attack and the bombardment
were renewed on Sunday. The rebels
fired on the Presidente and damaged
her about the water line and obliged
the gunbe-at to leave and return here.
The Government 'gunboat Independen
cia arrived here this morning.
The United States training ship Hart
ford arrived here yesterday and re
lieved the cruiser Columbia, which left
for St. Thomas, D. W. I. This city is
quiet. « ; ; '■-■'is\- -.- "■'"'.?
CELEBRATION IX COLOX.
Ratification of Canal Treaty Provokes
Residents to Joyousness.
COLON, Feb. 25.— The United States
auxiliary cruiser Dixie embarked 650
marines here to-day, being Major Cole's
division, and left to-night for Chiriqui
Lagoon. Her ultimate destination is
declared to be Philadelphia.
The celebrations of the canal treaty
Tuesday by the United States Senate
has been almost continuous since that
day. The band of the United States
flagship Olympia played a selection of
Panama and American national airs ut
The railroad office yesterday, many la
dies being present. During the "night
the railroad offices were resplendent
with J electrical illuminations. * There
were fireworks displays in every part
of the town until this morning, when
the crowds in the streets dispersed.
EXGIXEER LEGG ESCAPES
DEATH FROM 1 POISOXED TEA
Detects Peculiar Flavor of Beverage
and Gives It to Dogr, Which Lnps
| It and Dies.
BAKER CITY,. Or., Feb. 25.— A
mysterious poisoning case is: reported
from Pleasant Valley.: Engineer Legg,
who runs an engine on the • Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Railroad,
detected a peculiar taste ■ in his tea
last night, and, supecting the tea' was
poisoned, he put some of the tea in
milk and gave it to a dog. The dog
died in less than ten minutes, showing
every symptom of strychnine poison
ing. Mrs. Legs also tasted the tea
and was taken violently ill.
Missing Official Is Under a Cloud.
SANTA CRUZ, Mexico, ; Feb. 25.—
Charles , La Roussie, chancellor of the
French legation at Mexico City, -who
left his post a few days ago, ; having
embezzled, it Is 'alleged,; ?8000, from
funds partly belonging to the legation
and partly to the French Minister per
sonally, has just been arrested here. :
Cancel Shipment
of Beef for the
Russians.
'After loading about a million pounds
of mess beef aboard the Pacific Mail
steamship China, scheduled to start
for the Orient to-day, Getz Bros., pro
vision exporters; of this city, changed
their mind last evening and ordered
the meat returned to the dock. The
work of unloading will delay the' ves-.
sel's departure until 1 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon, as the. barrels contain
ing the beef are stowed deep in various
parts of the hold.
It was the capture of two previous
consignments of the same , kind of
freight by the Japanese Government
that caused the consignors to alter
their plans. The beef is the third and
last shipment intended for consump
tion by the Russian troops in the
Orient. The; first one was seized aboard
the Coptic at Nagasaki, and the second
one met a similar fate aboard the,Ko
rea. So, after considering the chances
of getting - the t third one through
aboard the ; China, the consignors de
cided that' they were not worth taking,
as the Japanese naval authorities evi
dently were cognizant of the contract
when it was effected and of how arid
when it was proposed to transport the
beef to its destination. •:
Louis Getz last evening said that ho
was not prepared to reveal his firm's
plans with regard to the meat recalled
from the China.
"The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany was willing enough to take the
consignment," he said, "but after what
occurred to our preceding shipments
we decided it would be unsafe to at
tempt a third one via the same route.
Just now we do not care to disclose
what we intend to do with the beef."
Getz Bros, obtained the Russian
Government's order for 3,000,000 pounds
of mess beef through their branch
house at Shanghai. - and it ' was a
"rush" order. Kansas City and Omaha
packing-houses were called upon to
fill the contract, and the first special
trainload of meat arrived here in time
for shipment on the Coptic, which
sailed on January 15. The steamship
was overhauled at Nagasaki and the
meat was confiscated. A similar fate
befell the second shipment, \vhich left
here on February 2 on the Korea. Both
consignments were billed through to
Vladivostok.
It was rumored last evening that
Getz Bros, had chartered a sailing ves
sel to attempt to run the guantlet of
Japanese warships that is hovering
off Vladivostok, but no authentic
confirmation of the report could be ob
tained. It Is likely that whatever is
done in the way of getting the beef to
its ultimate destination will be done
very quietly, as the Japanese'Govern
ment evidently is keeping itself in
formed, through its agents in this coun
try, of the enemy's plans^ to plenish
its commissiarat;
Correspondents Go to the Orient.
Paul Cowles, who for a number of
years has been superintendent of the
Western division of the Associated
Press, will be among the passengers
that depart to-morrow afternoon on
the Pacific Mail steamship China for
the Orient. He goes to take charge
of the war news service of the Asso
ciated Pre?s from Japan, Korea and
China. During the absence of Mr.
Cowles the superintendency of the
Western division will be held by E.
1,. Powell, with headquarters in "this
city. Mr. Powell has been transferred
from Portland, where he has had the
management of the Associated Press
for many years.
Major H. W. Beddoes of the Dublin
Fusiliers, on leave of absence with per
mission to go to Japan to view the
war movements, arrived at the Palace
yesterday and leaves for Japan to-mor
row.
A. G. Hales, representing the Daily
News' of London, and F. F. Lawton of
the London Daily Express, arrived from
the East yesterday en route for the
Orient, where they will act as war cor
respondents for their respective papers.
They are at the Palace.
Combes to Outline French Policy.
PARIS, Feb. 25. — It is rumored that
upon the request of a number of.dep
ties Premier Combes has agreed to
make a speech, outside of Parliament,
regarding French policy toward Rus
sia. Madame Loubet, wife of the
President of the country, has present
ed $100 to each of the societies of
French women who are collecting
funds for the Russian wounded.-.
No Russians West of the ". Lino.
YINKOW, Feb. 25.— Foreign en
gineers , on the Shanhaikwan-New
chwang. railroad say that, according
to their information, there is no Rus
sian force west of' the Liao River,
with the exception of a guard of
twenty-five Cossacks at Koupantzou.
Torpedo Fleet at Port SalU.
PORT SAID, Feb. 25.— The United
States" torpedo-boat destroyer flotilla,
escorted by the. auxiliary cruiser'Buf
falo, has arrived here on .its way to
the -Philippines. The vessels had a
rough trip, but sustained no dam-'
age..
ONE THOUSAND DOLLAR
CALIFORNIA NOVEL. BY A
CALIFORNIA AUTHOR.
"TO-MORROW'S TANGLE,"
BY GERALDINE BONNER.
BEST NOVEL J-.-NCE
"THE OCTOPUS."
BEGINS IN THE -
NEXT ' SUNDAY CALL. .
Togo's .Warships Are Driven Back.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5 and 0.
this the Japanese evidently attempted to destroy the arsenal.
Several guards were killed b\ bursting shells. The civilians
took refuge in the new part of Port Arthur.
Circulars from Russian sources have been printed in the Chinese
language and distributed . here", belittling the successes of the Japanese
and exaggerating those of the Russians. It is stated on the authorty of
those close to the Chinese that at the first success of the Japanese army
the Chinese will join the Japanese, with the hope of driving all for
eigners out of China.
TOKIO, Feb. 25. — The secretary of the Norwegian Consulate at Kobe
has gone to Sasebo to see the captain of the captured ship Hoiks. This
action is not understood and it has given rise to speculation.
The views expressed by Emperor William of Germany before and after
the beginning of the war, which are characterized here as broad and dis
interested, have created a favorable impression and are tending to re
move the prejudice which at one time existed against him.
PEKING, Feb. 25. — Private advices received here from Newchwang
confirm the reports of the ill-treatment of Japanese refugees at the
hands of the Russians while they were journeying through Manchuria,
and declare, moreover, that some of the refugees were without- doubt
cruelly murdered. The Russian soldiery at Newchwang is so undis
ciplined that the place is unfit for European women.
TWO PERSONS
DIE IN FIRE
Blaze /Started in a Stable
by. Tramps Causes Serious
Loss at Colorado Springs
YOUNG GIKL PEKISHES
Her Mother Escapes Death
by J umping From Window
of /.House They Lived In
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Feb. 25.
Two lives and possibly a third were
lqst in a fire that broke out early this
morning and threatened the entire
business section of the city.
The dead are:
MAUD LOTVRY, a 15-year-old girl.
MICHAEL McGUIRE, a laborer.
The girl perished in her room, her
mother escaping by jumping from a
window. The remains of McGuire were
found in the debris lodged between the
timbers of the two buildings that had
been burned. The loss in property is
$40,000. Three buildings were destroyed.
Three horses were burned to death in
their" stalls and three others had to be
shot.
The fire is supposed to have been
started by tramps striking matches in
a livery stable, adjoining a rooming
house on the corner of Cascada avenue
and Huerfano street. The wind fanned
the flames to the other buildings* and
the entire fire department was called
out. For a time it appeared that a
large section of the business district
would be swept away, but the flames
were finally brought under control.
Increase in Population nt ,San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 25.— Major W. G.
Hawley, postmaster of San Jose, has
just completed a careful house-to
house census of the population served
by city carriers, which he finds to be
35,023, against 27,877 by the census of
1900. This is exclusive of the Willows
and other suburbs covered by rural de
livery. He finds the population within
the corporate limits of San Jose to be
27,868, as compared with 21,518 by
the census of 1900.
Converse to Suceeeil Admiral O'Neil.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— The Presi
dc-nt has selected Rear Admiral George
Converse, chief of the bureau of equip
ment of the Navy Department, to suc
ceed Rear Admiral Charles O'Neil as
chief of the bureau when the latter re
tires at an early date, and Captain
Henry N. Manney to succeed Rear Ad
miral Converse in the bureau of equip
ment.
Democratic Politicians in Conference.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25. — William J.
Bryan, David B. Hill, Norman F. Mack
of Buffalo, James M. Head of Ten
nessee and J. M. Guff y of Pennsylvania
(the latter three members of the Na
tional Democratic Committee), met to
night in a room of the Hoffman House.
After they came out Bryan declared
"there is no politics in this at ail."
Kills Woman, Then Stabs Himself.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 25.— Rufergia
Ramirez, a Mexican woman about 40
years of age, .was stabbed and killed
on the Southern Pacific right of way
near East Lake Park to-day by Louis
AntlVeros, with whom she had been
living. vAntiveros then , disemboweled
himself with his. own weapon and fell
by her side. He is at the hospital, but
cannot recover. v
• Quay's Health Improving.
JACKSpNVILLE, Fla., Feb. 25.—In
quiry to-night as to the condition of
Senator Quay of Pennsylvania, who
was i reported ill at St. Lucie, Fla.,
brought the response that the Senator's
health -has. been much improved since
coming to ' Florida.
Washouts Delay /..Traffic.
OGDEN, Utah. Feb. 25.— Two wash
outs on the Union Pacific near Baskiu,
about * twenty-five miles east "of her?,
have delayed traffic for almost twenty
four hours on that line. Trains are
said "to be running- as usual at mid
night
JURY ACCEPTS
INSANITY PLEA
W. M. Miller, Who Killed
George Simmons XearMan
■vel, Is Acquitted of Murder
CASE A NOTABLE ONE
Defense. After Trial Lasting
Three Weeks, Proves Non-
Kesponsibility of Prisoner
SAN BERNARDINO, Feb. 25.— A
jury to-night brought in a verdict ac
quitting William L. Miller of* the mur
der of George Simmons near Manvel
October 15 last. The defense was in
sanity. The trial lasted three weeks,
and was the most notable criminal
case^ in the annals of the county.
Simmons was a wealthy mine owner
against whom Miller conceived enmity
on account of the latter's supposed in
terest in mining properties of the for
mer. Testimony at the trial showed
that Miller never had any actual inter
est in the property, and this furnished
the basis of the insanity theory of the
defense.
Light Sentence for a Swindler.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 25.— 3. Mehr,
charged with obtaining money under
fals-e pretenses, pleaded guilty before
Judge Burnett to-day and was sen
tenced to six months' imprisonment io
the county jail. Mehr secured ?12I
from A. C. Smith on fictitious 'checks
and made his escape to where he was
captured.
p It wae^ent in by a Kind-Hearted Neighbor. I
II i. Well » tQ e Neighbor may have a Right Kind Heart, but She 1
I Wh gOt mght Kind rf Shortenili e for her p ie Crust. •
§ ' 5 ecat^ e this Pie Crust is made with Butter and Lard, and it 1
m is Tough and Indigestible. Indeed, to cut this Pie would rive I
gH one violent exercise. &••»«» |j
|| Let us, then, make a Pie for Ourselves. jhj
II Sj will i. <io 80 » "? for Shortening we will use Cottolene t
m ' w • t s!l^ U |We do with the kind neighbor's Pie? ?
|| Moral: " Never Put a Gift Pie in your Mouth »» •■]
PaESili^ D^ : cncSS J
DEATH RIDES
ON STOCK CARS
In Kear-Eiid Collision Xear
Dyers vi 1 le, Three Stockmen
and a Fireman Are Killed
FIBE DESTKOYS CARS
Other Cattlemen Riding on
Caboose of Front Section
of Train Are Badly Hurt
DES MOINES, la., Feb. 25.— Tha
front section of a fast stock and freight
train ran into the rear end of another
stock and freight train on the Chicago
Great Western Railroad to-night, just
out of Dyersville. Fireman E. W.
Griswold of the rear train was killed.
Three stockmen on the front section
were killed and their bodies cremated.
Their names were not known and will
have to be learned from the stock ship
ments record. Three other stockmen
who were riding in the caboose of th^
first section were badly injured. The
wreck caught fire and the caboose and
a refrigerator car were burned.
PURCHASERS OF INDEMNITY
SCHOOL, LAND PROTECTED
Attorney General Decides They Are
Entitled to Repayment of Price if
Title Cannot Be Conveyed.
SAl^EM. Or. Feb. 25. — Attorney
General Crawford to-day rendered an
opinion to the effect that if indemnity
school land is purchased from the
State and is divested of its growth of
timber, it afterward being found that
the State cannot convey title to such
land, the purchaser is entitled to
the repayment of the purchase price
from the State; but that. if the title
to such land is found to lie with the
United States, persons removing the
timber therefrom are account-ibla
to the Government for such devasta
tion, j
Britisher Wins American Girl.
CITY OF MEXICO, Feb. 23.— The en
gagement is announced of Cath
leen Clayton, youngest daughter of
United States Embassador Powell
Clayton, to Arthur Cunningham Grant
Duff, Charge d'Affaires of Great Brit
ain. Another daughter of the Embae«
sador married Baron Moncheur. the
Belgian Minister at Washington. Mr.
Grant Duff is a son of Sir Mountstew
art Ellphinstone Grant Duff, a noted
writer on Oriental subjects and a fa
mous scholar.
Battleships Maneuver Off Guantanamo
GUANTANAMO, Cuba. Feb. 25.— Six
United States battleships maneuvered
at sea off this port yesterday and to
day. The auxiliary cruiser Prairie
sailed for Colon to-day. She i3 expect
ed to bring back a detachment of ma
rines from the isthmus.
Hold- Up in San Jose.
SAX JOSE, Feb. 25. — Frank Pimen
tel was held up by a masked robber
at the eastern limits of the town of
Santa Clara to-night. The robber se
cured no money and has not been
caught. He is believed to be one of
a gang that has been In the vicinity
for some time.
THE HUMAN IL\XD.
A STRANGE YET BEAUTI-
FUL ARTICL.F. BY
HER MAJESTY QUEEN OF
ROUMAN1A.
IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CAIX.
Storm Brewins Off Orejron Coast.
ASTORIA, Or.. Feb. 25. — Weather
Observer Ellis reports to-night that
a storm of unusual character is brew
ing off the Oregon and Washington
coast. Warnings have been displayed
at the mouth of the Columbia River.
COTTOLENE.STRAINED RELATIONS BETWEEN AMERICA AND RUSSIA
Subjects of the Czar
Boycott Our
Goods.
Growing Hatred of
the United
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 25.— The Ir
ritation against the United States on
account of the supposed unfriendly at
titude of that country' toward Russia,
■which was slightly noticeable through
out the negotiations, seems to have be
come daily more pronounced and. since
the Vicksburg incident at Chemulpo
(when the commander of this American
gunboat is said to have refused to
unite with the commanders of other
foreign warships at Chemulpo to pro
test against the fighting which resulted
in the loss of Russian warships Variax
and Koreitz, and the fact that the
Vicksburg did' not take on board sur
vivors of the Russian ships), American
business men here are really concerned
about the possible effect upon Amer
ican trade. Within the last few days
Orders for American goods have been
countermanded, the only explanation
Siren being that prospective pur
chasers did not desire to buy American
goods under the present circumstances.
United States Consul General Watts
hits been appealed to in the case of an
American firm which had a large con
tract for school supplies, tie contract
having be«.n peremptorily canceled.
Orders for the importation of a bic
consignment of wood pulp also have
been countermanded, the intending: pur
chaser saying in his letter that he
could not be expected to do business
with America after the VicksbUTK in
cident- Watts has felt it t<» be his dutv
to write to the State Department,
pointing out the state of public feel
ing: here, and the great; prospective
damage to American Trade unless
measures are taken to alliy the Irrita
tion.
Americans here believe that an of
ficial explanation of the Vicksbure in
cident would be opportune and have an
excellent effect. The Government of
ficially has not taken notice of the in
cident, being without direct official ad
vices from the Far East on the sub
ject. In Government circles, however
it is seen plainly that Russian sus
ceptibilities have been wminded. and
the fear is expressed that should Wash
ington now disregard Russia and pro
cure exequaturs for the newly ap
pointed American Consuls at Mukden
and Antung from Peking and attempt
to send those officials to their posts, a
really unpleasant incident misrht be
created.
Russia does not want to be placed in
the position of refusing to allow these
Consuls to «=nter upon their duties, but.
with a state of war existing and com
merce at" a standstill, military consid
erations' are paramount and Russia
might consider herself warranted in In
terpretfnjr such a course on the Dart
"f the United States to be political
rather than commercial.
The refusal of Russia to allow Mor
gan, the newly appointed American
Consul at Port Dalny. to go to his post
at present is based solely on the mili
tary Fituation. which may compel all
foreigners to leave Port Dalny. The
sincere hope is expressed that the
United States will not embarass Russia
further by pressing the question of
consular representation at this time.
AMERICAN W03IEN
TOSERVEASXUBSES
IN JAPAN'S AE3IY
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 25. — The
Philadelphia branch of the Red Cross
Society, independent of the national
society, will s«»nd volunteer nurses to
Japan in charge of Dr. Anita McGee
of Washington. This was decided
upon at a meeting of the Philadelphia
association h*>ld in Independence Hall
to-day, wh^n a resolution was adopted
binding the local association to raise
a fund of $5000 by voluntary contribu
tions on condition that theexpedition
■will go under the auspices of the
Philadelphia society. The selection of
the nurws will be left to Dr. McGee.
Only those who have seen active ser
vice in war will be areepted. .
The nurses will be under the direc
tion of the Japanese Government,
■which has already arepted the service
of the Red Cross Society.
SAYS THIS NATION
HAS NOT A FRIEND
IN ALL OF EUROPE
XETT YORK, Feb. 25.— Poultney Bige
low arrived here to-day from Hamburg.
On landing he said that since the begin
ning of the talk of war between Russia
and Japan the feeling of unfriendliness
which has existed against this country
in Europe has grown until now in gov
ernment circles there is not a friend of
the United States to be found.
"The working people of Europe," he
Eaid too, "are not for Russia at all.
Only the people in high official posi
tions hope for Russian success. The
German Government looks to Russia to
win because Russia and Germany rep
resent the last remaining of despotic
governments. If Russia is beaten both
. countries will have to change to more
JAPANESE SEIZE
AND CARRY AWAY
KOREAN DIPLOMAT
SEOUL. Thursday, Feb. 25. — Russian
videttes who advanced south of Anju
have cut the telegraph wires between
Anyu and Pingyang. 4
Yi Yong Ik, who was formerly Min
ipter of War and practically the dic
tator of Korea, and considered a friend
of Russia, has been seized by the Jap
anfse at Chemulpo and on the same
night was put on board of a warship,
which took him to Japan. He went on
board in court drees.
BE THOUSAND DOLLAR
NOVEL,
[ARIPOSA'S PATHETIC
LOVE SCENES
. GOLDEN GATE PARK,
WILL THRILL YOU WHEN
YOU READ
"TO-MORROW'S TANGLE,"
BY GEILVLDINE BOXXER,
* ' IX THE
XEXT SUXDAY CALL.
American Consuls
to Manchuria
Are Here.
James Wheeler Davidson of Austin.
Minn., the newly appointed United
States Consul to Antung. Manchuria,
arrived at the Palace last evening and
will leave on the steamship China to
day for his far away post. Consul
Davidson was selected for his future
position by reason of his previous ex
perience in the consular service, he
having held a position of a similar ca
pacity in Formosa under an appoint
ment by former President Cleveland.
Upon all matters of a political char
actex he declined last evening to enter
into a discussion, but during a talk
concerning the country for which he
is now bound he gave information that
clearly showed that he was thoroughly
acquainted with the situation in Man
churia and well understood just how
far the Russians had encroached on
Chinese territory" * and exactly what
their occupation of that territory meant
to the United States and other foreign
nations, from a commercial standpoint.
"Antung is the most important ship
ping point on the Yalu River," said
he. "It is situated on the banks of
the Yalu. directly opposite Wiju,
Korea, which was recently made an
open port under a treaty. The popula
tion of Antung is 15,000 and it has a
floating population — that is, people who
live in boats — of about 12,000. Its Junk
and shipping business is bo extensive
that frequently you can find between
400 and 500 small boats along its water
front. There have been stationed there
for a long period many Russians, who
own and operate a large lumber com
pany about eight miles below Antung.
which is known as Yongarnpho. The
latter place is the scene of Russian ac
tivity, they having been cutting the
forest along the river banks. Steam
ships drawing from 6 to 8 feet of water
can reach Antung at high tide and
when I was last there there was a line
of small steamships running between
Ant,ung and Chefu and another, from
Antung to Port Arthur. There are no
foreign buildings there, and in view
of that fact the Chinese Minister at
Washington recently sent a communi
cation to the Chinese officials of the
town to place a temple at my disposal
until a consulate and other buildings
necessary for the accommodation of
myself, the Vice Consul and our staff
can be constructed. The Vice Consul,
by the way. is Mr. Clough of Iowa,
who has been attached to the United
States legation at Peking as student
interpreter." •
That the authorities in Washington
long had jn view a position of respon
sibility for Davidson in Manchuria is
plainly suggested in the fact that last
August he was suddenly relieved from
his consular post in Formosa and
started immediately for Manchuria,
where he proceeded to inspect all the
towns, their connections and the roads
and other improvements then being
made by the Russian Government.
After this t^Jp Davidson returned to
Washington, presumably to make a full
report, and the next heard of him was
when his appointment as Consul to
Antung was announced. In speaking
of his four months* trip through Man
churia Davidson said last evening:
"When I Journeyed through Manchu
ria the Russians were in occupation of
all the towns on and off the Manchu
rian branch of the trans-Siberian rail
road, but they had not at that time
constructed permanent buildings at any
point off the railroad line. They had
done a great deal of improvement in
the different towns, especially in the
way of sanitation, lighting the streets
and building roads. There have been
frequent ; reports circulated in this
country regarding the flimsy condition
of the Manchurian railroad, but these
stories are not correct. The Russians
laid ?2-pound rails, constructed their
bridges of steel and threw up a roadbed
that is equal to many of the roadbeds
of the Western roads in this country.
The road is capable of handling heavy
traffic, and when I was in Manchuria
thirty trains were daily running in and
out of Harbin. The passenger traffic
was so large that the railroad company
could hardly handle it. It is very prob
able that the frequent reports regard
ing the poor condition of the main line
of the trans-Siberian road have con
fused people, who think that the Man
churian branch is in a' similar condi
tion." :
Consul Davidson, while comparative
ly a young man. has'had many varied
experiences abroad. He is a graduate
of the Northwestern Military Academy
of Highland, 111. In 1893-4 he was a
member of the Peary Arctic expedition
to North Greenland, and later served as
a war correspondent . in .the ' Japanese-
Chinese war. He was also connected
with. the Bptel Tobago exploring party.
"While in Formosa, where he first served
as a special correspondent, he received
the decoration of the Rising Sun from
the Emperor of Japan for services ren-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; - FRIDAY, FEBRUARY '• 26, 1904.
RUSSIAX TROOPS LEAVING FOR THE SCENE OF WAR IN THE FAR EAST.
Landing of Japanese at Possiet Bay May Mean an
Attack Upon Vladivostok.
LONDON. Feb. 26. —War correspond
ents and Europeans in ~ "Japans com
menting in amazement upon the suc
cess of Japanese officials in preserving
secrecy regarding all the operations of
war, declare that this "conspiracy of
silence" is not only confined to Gov
ernment and service circles, but that
it extends to every section of the com
munity. All classes of people are sub
mitting with marvelous patience to be
ing deprived of news, which they rec
ognize as imperative to the success of
the cause. It is undoubtedly In pur
suance of this policy that'no Japanese
account of the Port Arthur attacks has
yet been published, and none is ex
pected until Admiral Togo has com
pleted his designs there.
In the meantime. If the report from
Yinkow of a Japanese landing near
Vladivostok, which at present is based
on missionary and native statements,
should prove correct, a most Important
and new development in the Japanese
operations will have been revealed, as
it points to an attack on Vladivostok,
fro-m which Possiet Bay is only, a little
more than seventy miles distant. The
report that the railroad has been cut
between Harbin and Vladivostok may
possibly be connected with these ope
rations, but until reliable information
Is forthcoming this report must be re
ceived with reserve. It has already,
been reported from Tokio that certain
Russian forces were concentrating at
Possiet Bay.
No further details of the attack on
Port Arthur, after the engagement in
which the Japanese attempted to sink
vessels In such a manner as to block
the harbor entrance, has reached Lon
don, Almost all the English news
papers in discussing Viceroy's Alex
ieff's reports incline to the belief that
Admiral Togo succeeded, insofar as to
make the channel impassable for large
battleships, even if it Is still free to
smaller craft, and presume that the
reported second attack, if it did oc
cur, was devoted to an attempt to sink
further obstacles to navigation.
The Morning Post to-day, devotes a
long editorial article to a historical
record of the rapid growth of Amer
ican activity in Far Eastern affairs,
comparing the present attitude of the
United States with her passive interest
In the Chino-Japanese war. The
paper remarks on the.notable friend
ship with Russia and contends, that
American friendship for the empire
was always artificial. Admiral Dewey's
guns, the paper says, literally shat
tered the superstition that Russia was
the appointed friend and Great Brit
ain .the foe of the United States.
"We believe," the. Morning. Post'con
cludes,'"that the appearance of Amer
ica, as a working element in Far East
ern affairs.and her attitude are des
* ; — '..'.. *
dered to the Japanese army duringits
occupation of Formosa. For a time he
was also United States Consul to the
Loochoo Islands, an appointment he re
ceived from President McKInley. >
Fleming D. Cheshire,-the;new United
States Consul to ■ Mukden, .-who arrived
from the Easta day In advance of Con
sul Davidson, was the guest yesterday
at a luncheon given by. the officers and
trustees of. the Chamber of, Commerce
at the Merchants' Club. The "officers of
other local commercial also were
guests. The; luncheon-was .followed by
a general discussion'on present con
dition of affairs In the Orient and of
their .future bearing on commercial
matters. Among those . present" were
Hon. Fleming'D. Cheshire; Geofge. A.
Newhall, president, and J the ! following
trustees of the Chamber of Commerce:
iFrank L. Brown, W. J. Dutton, Rufus
P. Jennings, H. D.- Loveland, William
H. Marston, James Rolph Jr., James B."
Smith, William R. -Wheeler ' and',IE.
Scott, secretary;;A. Sbarboro. president
of -the. Manufacturers' and. Producers'
Association.of California;"A.i'A.' .Wat
kins, president-of the Board of.Trade of
San.Francisco: Frank J. Symmes; pres
ident of the Merchants'- Association."
and N. P.' Chlpman,,'. president', of Uhe
California State Board of Trade.'
tined to be epoch-markingr. if not
epoch-making."'* ■'* . \.
FRANCE AND GREAT
BRITAIN ADJUSTING
ALL DIFFEKENCES
LONDON. Feb. 25.— Premier Bal
four had sufficiently recovered his
health to come from Brighton to this
city to-day to preside at a Cabinet
meeting at noon. Prior to the meet
ing French Embassador Cambon call
ed at the Foreign Office and had an
hour's talk with Foreign Secretary
Lansdowne. The Embassador return-,
ed here from Paris yesterday evening
and apart from an' exchange of views
in regard to the most recent develop
ments of the war, on which subject
the .two Cabinets are keeping in the
closest touch with each other, there, is
good reason to believe that a settle
ment of all matters in disjfute between
France and Great Britain Is on the eve
of being arranged. Such questions as
Egypt; Morocco, Newfoundland, etc.,
have been fully discussed by the two
Governments for some monhts and
the difficulties are being gradually
eliminated, until practically nothing
remains to prevent an early signature
of a treaty removing all outstanding
obstacles to a complete accord between
the two powers.
Asked in the House of Commons to
day by. what authority it was proposed
to detain at Ceylon the 325 Russian
sailors rescued after the fight off
Chemulpo, Premier Balfour said the
Bailors had sought refuge on a British
warship. Under the circumstances
and until other arrangements had been
agreed upon the Government thought
it would be best fulfilling the obliga
tions of neutrality by holding the men
in British territory until the close of
the war. The Japanese Government,
however, had given intimation that it
was willing that the sailors should re
turn-to Russia on giving their parole
not to participate during the rest of
the war. The British Government was
now in correspondence .with. Russia
with the. view of settling the question
on this- basis. * *-.> ■•« - .'^ t - '■ ■-.'. ■';,-
Replying to a question in the, House
of Commons, to-day the Foreign Under
Secretary, Earl, Percy, said the. Gov
ernment was not aware of any nego
tiations .between Germany and > Rus
sia whereby, as announced in: some
newspapers, ; in - return for Germany
affording :, Russia.: certain advantages
during the .war, Russia would sup"port
Germany in regard to the Bagdad
Railroad 'question and a general ex
tension of German predmoninance in
Asia- Minor. ' r
A* special i dispatch ■ from Hongkong
says the British Admirallty offlcLals
are serving out clothing;to the Russian
sailors rescued at, Chemulpo, Korea,
and that the crews of the vessels form
ing part of the British squadron 'have
given half a day's pay to provide lux
uries for the Russian wounded,
v . The . British Foreign Office has re
ceived an -official dispatch saying, that
not one of the Japanese torpedo-boats
was injured, in .the attack on Port
Arthur on* the morning of Wednesday,
February 24., ■ . . -. ■ ....
; The War Office says. that there is no
■truth whatever in" the rumor published
yesterday -by, the Manchester Dispatch
that the: First (British) Army Crops
had been ordered toehold. Itself ' in
readiness to depart for India within a
fewTdays.',
JAPANESE ON THIS
i COAST -/CONTRIBUTE'
■ T0T0KKTS WAR FUND
SALINAS, ; Feb. ■ 25.— Japanese In this
vicinity, numbering more than 200, aug
mented by /numbers, from .Monterey,
Cast'rovllle * arid < other towns,, held a
meeting here this : afternoon and; re
solved : after r ! many '.; patriotic ' speeches
tcriraise.-a.fundlto, aid their .country-
in its war against Russia. Nearly..one
half of those present also volunteered,
in';case their services should be needed,
to enlist. After a large sum had been
subscribed and more promised the
meeting adjourned with three cheers
for Japan and America.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 25.— The
Japanese of Vancouver have contrib
uted $10,000 to the war fund. The Jap
anese of San Francisco, Seattle and
Vancouver have now raised inclusive
of Chinese contributions. $235,000. In
Vancouver the contributions were from
laboring men earning from SO cents to
$2 a day, the average contribution be
ing $12 50 a man. The Japanese Con
sul says: "A large sum will go for
ward from here on every vessel from
now until the end of the war."
PORT ARTHUR ACCOUNT
OF -FUTILE ATTE3IPT
■TO BLOCK CHANNEL
PORT ARTHUR, Feb. 25.— At about
1 o'clock yesterday morning the Jap
anese made a desperate attempt to
block the entrance of the Inner harbor
and dock. With this 'object four mer
chant steamships, accompanied by tor
pedo vessels, were sent from two sides
toward the entrance of the channel.
The movement was perceived by the
Retvizan, which was lying in the chan
nel, and which opened fire upon them.
At the same time the guns of the forts
on the Tiger Peninsula, Golden Hill,
and Electric Gulf were turned upon
the enemy and a furious cannonade en
sued, lasting until 5 o'clock in the
morning. Then the firing slackened
and became desultory. The Japanese
had failed to effect their purpose.
All four steamships were sunk. They
are lyirjg In the following positions:
One behind Golden Hill, one near the
Retvizan and two between the entrance
of the channel and Laothieshan Penin
sula. Two of the vessels are still burn-
Ing. >-v
The cruisers Bayan and Novik pur
sued the Japanese torpedo flotilla. It
Is said, that one of the torpedo-boats
was sunk.
About 9 a. m. on February 24 a Jap
anese squadron of considerable size ap
proached Port Arthur and the Bayan
and; Novik were ordered to engage the
Japanese ships, which, however, did
not. open fire, and afterward steamed
away in the direction of Port Dalny.
The cruisef Pallada has entered the
dock here.
POWERS MAY AGREE
Vtijm RUSSIAN A r IEW
AS TO KOREA'S STATUS
PARIS, Feb. 25.— It is the belief in
the- highest official quarters that the
powers will support. the .Russian view
of the invalidity of the Japanese treaty
with Korea as far as it creates a Japa
nese'protectorate over Korea, owing to
the Emperor being under duress. But
it-is said^that no Immediate action on
the; part .of the powers is required, as
the question of . the recognition of the
protectorate rwill definitely arise when
the terms of peace are considered.
In.the 'meantime official opinion is
strongly, sympathetic with Russia's po
sition, and It is considered that Rus
sia's, note ; ,to the powers protesting
against < Japan's violation of Korean
neutrality, fully ! protects international
rights,' as . protest antedates the
official, announcement of the conclusion
of, the! treaty. The Foreign Office.con
siders the; announcement confirmatory
of jthe^view that Russia's protest to the
powers was designed to reserve ; all her
rights- arid. to prevent international ac
ceptance % of the treaty establishing a
protectorate.-, . -.
JACKSON, « Miss., , Feb. 25.— The . Lower
House of., the Mississippi Legislature to-day
voted : down almost ■ unanimously a resolution
to Invite W. J. Bryan to address the Legisla
ture.T - -^. J3UJGSIXHS&M
Russians Retiring
From Northern
Korea.
TOKIO, Fe.b. 25.-rrThe question of the
stay of the Russian gunboat Mandjur
at Shanghai remains unsettled. Paul
Lessar, Russian Minister to China, i3
said to be trying to intimidate the Chi
nese Government, declaring emphat
ically that Japan has little chance of
victory against a Russian army 500,000
men strong. The court at Peking Is
oscillating on this question. Russia
also is pressipg China to declare the
neutrality of that portion of the em
pire which Russia already occupies.
The Japanese Government to-day
paid the famous white whisky claim
by handing to United States Minister
Griscom a draft for % 115.000 in favor
of the American Trading Company.
The claim arose from a customs de
cision rendered in 1900 holding an im
portation of 8000 barrels of whisky to
be alcohol and increasing' the duty from
4ft per cent to 250 per cent. Japan at
first rejected the claim for repayment
of the amount alleged to have been
overcharged by the customs depart
ment, but Minister Griscom. on arriv
ing in Tokio, renewed it and pressed
the case with firmness. His success
in obtaining payment is very gratify
ing to American commercial men. anJ
the settlement of the case Is regarded
as another mark of the friendliness of
Japan for America.
Three weeks ago it was thought In
some quarters here that the opening
of the war would be quickly followed
by a movement of the Russian forces
toward the s,outh, Plngyang being
picked as their objective point. The
appearance later of Russian scouts ;n
the vicinity of Wlju tended to confirm
this opinion and created the Impres
sion that there would be a conflict in
that vicinity.
If the Russians ever intended to make
this movement they apparently have
been beaten by the rapidly moving
Japanese. The latter are said to have
a sufficient force to check the Rus
sians, thus insuring" the possession of
Korea as soon as they are capable of
maklng # an aggressive northern move
ment themselves. The small bodies of
mounted Russians who were scouting
south of the Yalu River speedily with
drew to the north.
Storms are interfering with naval
operations. The Tellow Sea. is belns
swept by gales, heavy snow is falling
and the weather is bitterly cold. Th^
forces of Japan are going to the front
splendidly equipped to withstand the
cold, but, despite their preparations,
both sides will suffer much during the
next sixty days.
BAI?0N SUYEMATSU
SAYS JAPAN'S FIGHT
IS FOR EXISTENCE
SEATTLE. Feb. 25.— Baron Suyemat
su arrived here to-day, a passenger of
the Iyo Maru, being en route to London
on an important diplomatic mission.
Discussing the war the Baron said:
. "It is for us a gigantic struggle and
one which we tried to avoid. But Japan
will send her-last man and will expend
her last dollar In order to win. We
have no aspirations for aggrandize
ment, but at the same time we must
look out to maintain our existence as a
nation. ; '. >:.,:.._ / K .
"We have large political and commer
cial interests as well as a sacred his
torical connection with the Korean pen
insula. If Korea falls into the hands
of any other nation it will be a death
blow to the existence of, our empire. We
respect the integrity and sovereignty
of Korea; we fought China ten years
ago solely for the independence of the
Korean kingdom. Now we are fighting
Russia for, the same principle, and more
—for the integrity of China as well. If
Manchuria falls to Russia the question
of the existence of Korea would be one
of but a few. days. She would take Ko
rea, and that, would be a constant
menace. to our^empire."
INSPECTOR GENERAL
FOR THE MANCHURIAN
AR3IY IS APPOINTED
. ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 25.— Major
General Blagoeschensky, quartermas
ter general of the Kieff military dis
trict, has. been appointed to the Im
portant post of inspector general of the
Manchurian army. General Blagoe
schensky fought in . the Russo-Turkish
war. .... |.
■ The Czar has conferred upon General
Kuropatkin the diamond insignia of the
Order of St. Alexander Nevskl.
. Lieutenant.General' Fulton, assistant
governor, general of Warsaw, has been
appointed., prefect at St. Petersburg.
The government of Warsaw has long
been held 'up at -a model to St. Peters
burg and Moscow, nevertheless this ap
pointment was 'i wholly- unexpected.
Kaiser and Czar
Have a Secret
Compact.
Russia May Block
Great Britain
in Tibet.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 25.— It Is
now said the Russian Baltic squadron,
comprising eight battleships, two arm
ored cruisers, three protected cruisers.
two large transports and thirty tor
pedo-boats, will leave for the Far East
at the end of June. It la added that it
will be commanded by Rear Admiral
Rojestvensky.
There is a growing belief here that an
understanding exists between Russia
and Germany relative to the develop
ments from the war, and the diplomats
are giving more attention to the like
lihood of other powers becoming in
volved. France's enormous financial in
vestments in Russian funds and enter
prises are estimated at close to $2,000.
000,000, and It is feared that In case of
Russian reverses, which might threaten
the empire, France might be compelled
to go to the support of her ally.
There are suspicions of the motives ct
Great Britain here of a character to
cause complications in that direction.
It is strongly intimated that ths re
turn of the Russian Embassador to
Great Britain, Count Benckendorff, to
St. Petersburg was not solely to bid
farewell to his son previous to the lat
ter's departure for the Far East with
his regiment, but that it was also to
consult with the Russian Foreign Offlca
relative to the British expedition to
Tibet. ■ i— •'■
ANGERED BY LANSDOWNE.
The Government Is angry at the lan
guage used by Foreign Minister Lans
downe as printed in the recent British
Blue Book on the subject of Tibet, ajad
Embassador Benckendorft may receive
instructions to reply in kind if ex
changes on the subject continue.
The conditions in the Balkans also
are considered extremely critical, and
altogether the diplomatic feeling is that
if the danger of a general conflagration
i* to be avoided every energy should be
directed not only to limiting the sphere
of operations, but toward an at'.impt
at mediation. The diplomatic corps is
discussing the subject with gr;at se
riousness.
It is not believed that Russia will
be disposed, while smarting under the
humiliation of defeat, to adopt media
tion, but once a decisive victory i3
achieved, the dlplbmats are inclined to
believe, owing to the Czar's sincere
aversion to war, he will welcome good
offices. ■ _
The Novoe Vremya declares Great
Britain's failure to protest against the
violation of the neutrality of Korea,
whose inviolability was guaranteed by
the Anglo-Japanese treaty, proves that
the treaty was directed solely again3t
Russia.
VAST SUM FOR WAR CHEST.
Some old believers in the schis
matics of 300 years ago. who- are among
the wealthiest Russians, show a dispo
sition to place a vast sum at the dis
posal of the Government If the occa
sion requires. Among them are scores
of millionaires at Moscow, where they
enjoy valuable concessions granted by
Catherine the Great. As they are not
believers in banks the money would
have to come out of their private strong
boxes.
A special dispatch from Port Arthur
says Peking and Tientsin report that
there is considerable dissatisfaction in
certain Chinese circles at the neutral
ity of China, and that Japanese Min
ister Ouchida is trying to force China
to side with Japan. It is asserted that
Yuan Shih Kal, the Chinese commander
in chief, is under Japanese influence
and that he secretly recommended an
alliance between China and Japan, on
the ground that if Japan gets Korea
she would not take Manchuria.
Russia's views as to contraband or
war will shortly be laid before the pow
er?. The technical committee of the
Foreign Office, Is now considering the
subject.
REJOICING OVER VICTORY.
■Details of the unsuccessful attempt
of the Japanese to "bottle up" the Rus
sian fleet at Port Arthur by sinking
big merchantmen at the mouth of the
harbor indicate that the coup was
planned, according to the usual Jap
anese tactics, to take place during the
night; that it was desperately pushed
and backed by eight torpedo-boats,
which continued fighting until daylight.
Great praise is given to the Russian
battleship Retvizan, whlcn lay outside
the harbor entrance, for gallant work
in beating off the enemy. Her part in
the action shows that the reports of
the injuries which she is said to have
sustained in the attack of February 8
were grossly exaggerated.
The news of the Japanese repul93
was received here with great rejoicing
and was looked upon as partially wip
ing out the score against the enemy.
The Czar tfas telegraphed warm con
gratulations to Viceroy Alexleff and
the entire Russian squadron at Port
Arthur on the able manner in which
they repulsed the latest attack of the
Japanese.
MUST DOCK BATTLESHIPS.
The battleships Retvizan and Cesare
vitch will be temporarily employed at
Port Arthur as guardshlps. in which
capacity, It has been decided, their
formidable guns can be Utilized to good
advantage. It has been found that the
necessary repairs to these ships can
be fully made only in the dock at
Vladivostok, so the vessels will be tem
porarily patched up and remain at Port
Arthur until circumstances will oermlt
of their being sent to Vladivostok.
The rumors that the savings banks
will not meet the demands for payment
of deposits in consequence of the war
are emphatically denied by the Official
Messenger.
There is no truth in the rumor cur
rent here that the Russian embassy at
Washington will be entrusted to a
Charge d'Affaires as a sign of the dis
pleasure over the conduct of the com
mander of the United States gunboat
Vicksburg at Chemulpo in refusing to
join with the commanders of the other
foreign warships in the protest against
the attack by, the Japanese fleet on th±
Russian cruisers Variag and Koreitz.
The Foreign Office declares that noth
ing of the sort is contemplated.
O.VE -THOUSAND DOLLAR
NOVEL.
3IARRIAGE IX THE BLIZ-
ZARD,
IX GERALDIXE BOXXER'S
XEW CALIFORNIA NOVEL,
"TO-MORROW'S TANGLE,"
WHICH BEGINS IX THE
XEXT SUXDAY CALL.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
LE CONTE BUST
NOT PAID FOR
Editor J. Gustave White Dis
covers Incumbrance Just
Before 3Iemorial Exercises
REMIXDS THE STUDENTS
Obligation for a Statue of
the Late "Professor Joe"
Stares Them in the Face
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Feb. 25.
Just a day before the memorial
services for the dead of the Univer
sity of California on the anniversary
of the birthday of the late Professor
Joseph Le Conte, in whose memory
the day was founded, comes the dis
covery that there is still $75 owing
on the statue of the revered "Profes
sor Joe" that was placed in the li
brary a year ago. The figure cost
JSOO and everybody thought the bill
had long ago been discharged, until
J. Gustave White, editor of the Daily
Californian. reminded the students in
an editorial to-day that an obligation
was yet to be met. This is how the
(•ditor brokf* the news:
"A $75 deficit on the Le Conte mem
orial bust is a rather strange an
nouncement to be made a year alter
the statue has been pedestaled in our
library. Very naturally we ask why
v.e were not informed of this before.
Of course, there is but one honorable
Thing to do now and that is to dig
down in out* rockets for the amount.
If popular subscriptions to-morrow do
j:ot cover the amount we suggest a
collection ?.t the next university meet
ing."
The popular subscription will be
e*kpd at the memorial exercises to
morrow morning, when every one
present will t>e expected to "dig down
in his pockets" and help ray up the
debt.
ELF.CTION OF CAPTAIN*
U'KTMEBX NOT LEGAL
Rule* of National <;u;trd Require a
Quorum of « Majority of AH
Mm Enrolled.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— The brigade
headquarters of the National Guard of
California has declared that the elec
tion of Captain George H. Wethern to
the command of Company F. Fifth In
fantry, N. G. C, was illegal owing to
the fact that only twenty-four of the
fifty-one members of the company
wre present at the Election, while the
rule* of the guard call for a quorum of
a majority of all the men enrolled.
■\Yhile another election will b* neoes
eary to fill the position of captain,
there is no doubt that Captain Wethern
will be ro-eleeted. as there is no other
candidate for the office.
An election to fill the office of major
of the F»r>t Battalion of the j-'iftli
*<eKiment will be held next Saturday
tit the hrirnrti headquarters in th-j
California Hotel, San Francisco. Thn
prdtton is now htld by Major Charlc*.
A. Poulter of thl;> city, and it is ox
jx-cted that he will be re-elected, al
though Captain M. W. Simpson of Ala
nicJa is also a candidate for the office.
DEVOTEES APPROPRIATELY
OBSERVE LENTEN SEASON
Services Generally Well Attended at
Various Episcopal Churches
of U»e City.
OAKLAND, Feb. 115. — The second
of a series of Friday evening Lenten
services will be held to-nieht at St.
John's Episcopal Church at Grove and
Eighth streets. The meeting will be
addressed by the Right Hev. W. H.
Moreland. Bishop of Sacramento. The
week following the Hev. C. L. Miel
of Su Pauls Church in Sacramento
will officiate.
The meetings so far have been well
attended and have helped to vary and
popularize the Lenten worship.
Services will be held in St. Paul's
Church' at Fourteenth and Harrison
streets this afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
Her. C T. Walkley will make an ad
dress, taking for his subject "The
Church in the First Century." A chil
dren's service will be held at 4 o'clock.
. "Temptations in Their Relation to
the Lenten Season" wa« the subject
of a sermon preached last night by
Rev. O. St. John Scott of SI. Andrew's
Episcopal Church at the union Len
ten srrvlce hfld last evening at the
Church of the Advent in East Oak
land.
MARRIES SECRETLY.
THEN TELLS PARENTS
Miss Alice Kintdc Becomes the Wife
of P. Albert N<-h;:It7. at
Sail Rafael.
BERKELEY, Feb. 23. — Miss Alice
Runde. the prepossessing daughter of
a North Berkeley merchant, and P.
Albert Schultz, a .San Francisco opti
cian, were married secretly four days
zgo in San Rafael. Miss Runde's pa
rents did not want her to marry Just
yet, but she was determined to have
hen way and so was wedded without
their consent. ""•*
She came home immediately after
the wedding and the groom went his
way, both having sworn to keep the
secret for a long time. But the news
was too good to withhold very long
and to-day the bride confessed that
she was Mr?. Schultz. The young peo
ple are preparing to reside in San
Francisco.
BASKETBALL PLAYER
RECEIVES JAW FRACTURE
J. A. Nuttins of University of Califor
nia Runs Into Teammate While
at Practice.
BERKELEY. Feb. 25.— J. A. Nut
ting, a member of the basketball team
of the University of California, re
ceived a fracture of the jaw while at
play in the Harmon gymnasium yes
terday.
He was running down the gymna-
Fium after a ball when one of the
other players ran into him, the con
cussion being so hard that his Jaw
snapped. It will be some time before
Nutting will be able to resume prac
tice.
ONE THOUSAND DOLLAR
CALIFORNIA NOVEL ABOUT
PEOPLE YOU KNOW
AND PLACES YOU PASS
.EVERYDAY.
TOMORROW'S TANGLE,"
BY. GERALDINE BONNER.
BEGINS IN
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
TRUSTEES DEFER
DAY FOR TESTS
Examinations for the Rhodes
Scholarships Will Not Be
Held Until Middle' of April
NEW REQUIREMENTS
All Candidates Must Pass
Oxford Responsions Before
They Will Bp Admitted
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Feb. 25.
The qualifying examinations for the
Rhodes scholarships at Oxford will be
held later In the year than was at first
intended, according to a statement that
has just been issued by George R.
Parkin, the commissioner for the trus
tees of the Rhodes scholarship trust.
Instead of this or early next month
they will be held some time between
April 15 and May 1, the exact time not
yet having been decided upon.
There are one or two other require
ments for the scholarships that have
not yet been published, the result of a
recent ruling of the Rhodes trustees.
One of these is that the candidate ap
pointed from the United States must
pass the regular Oxford responsions be
fore he will be admitted to the uni
versity, even after he has passed the
examinations required by. the trustees.
The other is that either the whole
faculty or a committee appointed by
the faculty will elect the candidate in
stead of the president of the institu
tion from which the candidate comes.
The examinations are not to be com
petitive, but merely a test, in order to
make sure that the elected scholar will
be able to pass the responsions— the
matriculation examinations of that uni
versity and the lowest test required of
the lowest man who is allowed to con
tinue work at Oxford. This will be
merely 1 a check upon the qualifications
of candidates and all who pass will be
eligible for election by the means pro
vided in the district from which they
come.
The examination will be managed
from Oxford and immediately the ex
aminers have reported upon the can
didates who have passed this qualify
ing examination the list will be sent
to the university from which they ap
plied and from this qualified number
there are appointed what the university
considers its best and most represen
tative men, applying whatever test of
past work and future promise it sees
fit. A further examination will not
b€ held unless the institution making
the appointment so determines, but
upon entering Oxford the candidate
muft pass the resnonslons.
SEEKS TO REGAIN" MONEY
FllOM PINNEY'S CLAIMS
C E. Kinanl Files Salt to Recover
$8000, Alleging That Former In
solvent Withheld Property.
OAKLAND. Feb. 25. — C. E. Kinard
filed suit in court to-day to recover
several valuable mining claims owned
by George M,. Pinney, who passed
through insolvency twenty-five years
ago.. Pinney gained release from
debts amounting to $1,296,000 and
claimed not to possess any property
of value at the time he was declared
Insolvent. Kinard alleges that Pin
ney withheld property when applying
for papers of insolvency. Kinard was
one of Pinney's creditors and seeks to
recover $8000.
Pinney recently filed for record a
patent to mining claifis in Sonoma
County, secured by him in 1872, the
claims recently having developed val
ues. Pinney, when he went into in
solvency, was heavily in debt to the
Masonic Savings and Loan Bank and
the Savings and Loan Society of San
Francisco.
Jeremiah Tyrrell filed his resigna
tion as assignee to-day and at his own
request Kinard was appointed as
signee by Judge Ellsworth, who fixed
his bonds at JlaOOi
REALTY SYNDICATE MAKES
BIG BERKELEY' PURCHASE
Buys the MeGee Tract of Twenty-One
* Blocks for Between $50,000
and $60,000.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25. — Deeds con
veying twenty-one blocks of land in
Berkeley from Mary Ann McGee to
George Sterling for the Realty Syndi
cate were filed for record to-day. Only
a nominal purchase price Is mention
ed, but a mortgage filed at the same
time shows that. Mrs. McGee retains
a mortgage on the land of $4 8,000. It
is believed the land spld for between
$50,000 and $60,000.
The property is what is known as
the McGee tract and is bounded by
California and Grove streets and
Dwight and Allston ways in Berkeley.
The Town Hall and Catholic church
are situated on the premises.
Trial Jurors Drawn.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25. — Out of a pan
el of seventy jurors drawn for the
trial of cases for the next three
months, the following named were re
tained:
O. D. Brown. C. R. Lewis, Henry Z. jones,
I). B. Alnsworth. Mark Ryan, P. S. McQuaide,
Edwin Suthrrjand. Robert H. Martin, Henry
1\ ■VViohman, 3. H. A. Albera, John C. Jamie
son, Colby Collln*. Charlra I>lttmcr. J. M.
Painter. Cbarlea P. Doe, Aueu*tine W. Ber
nal. Frit* Wtrner. John C. Stanley. Herman
I)etjen3, lleuben Hunter, Thomas Mullen, Z.
T. Gllpln, X). 11. CunnlnKham, Theodore J.
FlBh, Samuel K. Love, William Moller. Her
man Rathjen. G. L. Curtius, E. A. Moody,
Anthony Kretz. John Taylor. -Giles E. Chit,
tendtn. EM II. Clawiter. H. B. Marlln. M. J.
Garclx. Antonio Rogers, S. L. Glbbs. H. P.
Nelson. JoeeDh S. Sykes. Gusta-ve A. Wanger.
y. M. Todd. W. H. Mara. William Van Hau
sen. John W. Havens. Charles E. Miller, H.
E. Harwood.
Sirs. Brothers Now Asks Divorce.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— A few months
a?o Joseph-E. Brothers of Berkeley be
gan snit for divorce charging his wife
with coldness and indifference amount-
Ing to cruelty. A few weeks afterward
he came Into court and asked to have
the case dismissed. There had been a
reconciliation effected, he said, and he
had given Mrs. Brothers $775. Now
Mrs. Brothers wants a divorce. She
says he treats her cruelly, and she can
no longer live with him.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Nels Christophersen against Ousa
Christophersen, whom he charges with
desertion. They were married two
years ago In El Paso. There are no
children., y
Suit lias Been Compromised.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— The suit of Dr.
Dudley Smith of this city against the
North Shore Railroad for $1000 for
services rendered to victims of the
wreck at Point Reyes last June has
been compromised. Dr. Smith was
camping near the scene of ; the wreck
and rendered valuable aid to the in
jured.
THE SAN '.FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ■ FEBRUARY 26, 1004.
DELEGATES TO CHRISTIAN
ENDEAVOR CONVENTION MEET
Members of the Bay District Union Assemble in Oakland
\ for Their Annual Gathering — First Session Is Devoted to
Election and Installation of Officers for Coining Year
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND. Feb. 2.".— Mrs. Henry H. Adams
was the hostess to-day at a pleasant affair
given in honor of Mrs. M. J. Hawley. who has
returned to Oakland after an absence of sev
eral years. The rtreption hours were from
4 to (j. during which the Adams home on Madi
son street was the scene of a brilliant and
fashionable gathering.
The hoftivs was assisted by her sisters. Mrs.
Harry Gordon and Mrs. Charles Bliss, and by
Mrs. George Sterritt Whoaton. Mrs. C. O. G.
Miller. Mrs. Andrew Mosrley, Mtb. Robert
S. Knight Mrs George Greenwood. Mrs. Har
rison Clay. Mrs. Thomas Prather, Mrs. C. II.
Hawley and Mltss Hawley.
Mrs Hawley will be the" motif for a recep
tion which Mr.". Thomas Prather 19 planning
for next Tuesday afternoon.
The W'edntfsday afternoon Five Hundred
Club met yesterday at the residence of Urn.
William Watt nnd enjoyed several very pleas
ant hours. Among the player* were: Miss
Edith Gaskill. Mrs. Montel Taylor. Ml** Chris-
El* Taft the Misses Alice and Ruth Knowles,
Miss Bessie Palmer. Miss Gertrude Allen. Miss
Ethel Valentine. Miss Jane Crelltn, Mrs. Irv
ing Lundborg. Miss Edith Selby and Miss
Claire Chabot.
The Tuesday Five Hundred Club was en
tertainfd this week by Mihs Grace Holt in
San Francisco. The club members are: Mrs.
Walter Henry. Mrs Thomas Bailey Pheby,
Mrs. James P. H. Dunn. Mrs. John Henry
DIeckmann, Mrs. Robert Lee Stephenson. Mrs.
Will Meek. Mr.«. Alexander H. Marx. Miss
Georgie Strong, Miss Mona Crellin. Miss Jane
Rawlings Miss Mary Barker. Mrs. Robert
Fitzgerald. Miss Margaret Sinclair. Miss Em
ma Mahony and Miss Lillian Downey.
Af the recent baby show In Sacramento the
beautiful little daughter of John Hoesch. the
genial deputy Secretary of State, who has a
host of friends not only in Oakland but
throughout California, won first prize. Each
small contestant was seated in a baby car
riage covered with flowers. The first prize
winner Is only 1!> months old and seemed to
be as delighted as were the spectators with
her gayly bedecked chariot, which was a
fragrant mass of Roman hyacinths, carna
tions and roses.
The infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Monteverde carried off third prize, the car
riage In which she rode, being covered with
almond blossoms. Mrs. Monteverde was for
merly Miss Sophie Jones and Is a cousin of
Miss Lou Denlson of this city, where she
used to be a frequent visitor.
Mrs. William Leven expects to return to her
home in Oregon dome time next week. Mrs.
Leven was formerly Miss Estelle Parker of
this city and is a Mills College graduate. Dur
ing her visit here she has been considerably
entertained by former friends and schoolmate*,
among whom was Mrs. Laurie Adams of Bel
vedere, who gave a number of pleasant af
fairs In her honor.
evening Mrs. Gilbert Curtlss gave an
Informal masque In compliment to Mrs.
Leven. About fifty guests enjoyed dancing
and the general merrymaking attendant on an
affair of that kind.
Miss Travers, president of the West Oakland
Home Association, made the southern trip with
the Board of Trade lately and reports having
a most Uellzhtrul time.
Miss Coralle Selby Is expected home in a few
weeks, after a prolonged absence In Europe.
BERKELEY. Feb. 25.— The Resonant Whist
Club met last Friday evening at the residence
of Mrs. -Redmond C. Staats of 'Jy"7 Harper
street. South Berkeley. Redmond C. Staats
won the first prize for men and Miss Carolyn
Louise Crew the first prize for ladies. After the
games refreshments were served. The guests
were Mr. and Mr*. Robert- Aylwln, Mr. and
Mrs. E.-L. Favor, Miss Katherine Robinson,
Miss Catherine L. Crew, Mrs. John Basford,
Mli-s Aylwin, Miss Mayne Staats, Walter Sher
idan and George McMenomy.
The wedding of Miss Lucy Tollman and Har
ry M. Miller will take place on the evening of
March 2 at the home of the bride's parents,
1900 Louisa street. Miss Tollman is a gradu
ate of Grinnell College of Iowa, having been
u member of the class of 1U00. She -is a
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Tollman.
Mis-'s Marjone* Erwin was the hostess at an
informal gathering last Thursday afternoon at
her home. 2C28 Benvenue avenue. The feature
of the afternoon was the "linen shower" in
honor of Miss Rhoda Howell. who will be mar
ried on March 5 to Fletcher Ames. The guests
were Mit-.-s Edna Orr, MIes Edna Wilde, Miss
Maude Meyers, Miss May Meyers, Miss Char
lotte Hall. Miss Helen Johnson, Miss Lucille
Webster, Miss Elsa Ames, Miss Effle Wade,
Miss Winifred Osborne, Miss Elizabeth Thomp
son fend Miss Florence Thrall.
BERKELEY, Feb. 25. — Mrs. George Wheeler
tendered a reception yesterday to her father.
Captain Crosly. -at her home, 2932 Harper
street. The occasion was the captain's sev
enty-fifth birthday. The guests were Miss
Munson, Miss Waterbury. Miss McCarthy, Miss
Allison, Miss Staats, Miss Swirt, Miss Christen
Staats, Mrs. Allison, Mrs. R. C. Staats. Mrs.
Emerson. Mrs. Townsend and Mrs. Schultzberg
of Sen Francisco.
Mrs. B. F.' Bowman of 1510 Oxford street
cave her son. Franklin Maurice, a party, at
their home on Washington's b^thday. The
guests were the Misses Helen Heridrlck of San
Francisco, Beth Johnson of Oakland, Lilian
Girard, Miriam Pond, Emily Cornwall, Theresa
Isenberr. Jane Munger, Ethyle Fetersen and
Edith and Claire Bowman.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 25. — Announcement Is
made of the engagement of Miss Lena Schaef
fer and Frank J. Kalis. The bride-elect Is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gustave Schaeffer
of .2224 Aiameda avenue. Her parents made
known the betrothal at a party given Tuesday
nlzht at the family residence, at which there
were present C. J. Hammond Jr.. Mrs. Henry
Schwartz, Mrs. Henry Von Tagen, Mrs. A.
Schaeffer. Miss Bertha Stelnkamp, Miss Etta
Mehrtens and Miss Lulu Schaeffer. • ..
' Hurh C. Gallagher and his sisters. Misses
Bessie and Rose Gallagher, gave a dinner at
their home yesterday In honor of their broth
er-in-law. Del C. .Seldon, and his ..wife, who
are members of the New York company play
ing this week at the Grand Opera-house in San
Francisco. Composing the dinner party were
Major John Buckley. Judge R. B. ~ Tappan,
Car.$aln"M. W. Simpson. Captain A. P. Smiley,
Miss Anna Smith, the host and hostesses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— Delegates from
all the Christian Endeavor societies of
the Christian churches in the cities
around the bay attended the second an
nual convention of the Bay District
Christian Endeavor Union of the Chris
tian Church, which was held this even
ing at the First Christian Church of
this city. The address of the evening
was delivered by Rev. W. F. Stafford
of Lodi. a graduate of Kentucky Uni
versity, who spoke on "Man's dignity
and Duty."
The first session of the convention,
RETIRING PRESIDENT OF
THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAV
OR UNION AND SUCCESSOR
which opened at 7:30 o'clock, was de
voted to the election and installation
of officers and the reports of officers
and committees. The report of the
nominating committee, submitting the
names of those chosen as officers for
the ensuing year was approved, and the
following officers were elected by accla
mation: President, Clarence F. Hoke of
Oakland: vice president, J. B. Thatcher
of San Francisco; secretary and treas
urer. Miss Georga Lambert of Oakland.
The retiring officers are: President,
James B. Sayers of San Francisco: sec
retary and treasurer, Miss Georga Lam
bert of Oakland.
The secretary reported that since the
organization of the Bay District Union,
October 23. 1902, four societies had be
come members of the union, making a
total of ten in all.
James B. Sayers, the retiring presi
dent, delivered a brief address, stating
the object <^f the union and giving a
short account of what had already been
accomplished. He said:
We have recently organized a "Dollar
League" in the union, the object of which Is
to aid in extending the work of the Christian
church in Northern* California. It Is the pur
pose of this league to raise money enough to
give $1000 to every needy congregation In the
northern part of this State" with which to
build churches.
Rev. Thomas A. Boyer, pastor of the
First Christian Church of this city, con
ducted a simple ceremony installing the
newly elected officers, after which the
session adjourned for a short social
hour.
The second session opened at 8:30
o'clock. President Hoke acting as chair
man. Five-minute addresses on the
theme of the convention, "May the
Master Count On You?" were delivered
by Cleon Aldrich of Berkeley, Mrs. M.
E. Shadle of San Francisco and Mrs. P.'
C. McFarlane of Aiameda. The closing
address was delivered by Rev, E. "W.
Darst of Berkeley. Dr. O. S. Dean sang
"The Holy City," the song being Illus
trated by stereopticon clews, and selec
tions were rendered by C. W. Merwln
and the Arion Quartet. The members
of the quartet are: Dr. O. S. Dean, first
tenor: D. J. Macdonald, second tenor;
Dr. Roy E. Gilson, barytone, and C.
Wallace Merwin, basso.
PouUrymen Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, Feb. * 25.— The board of
directors of the Oakland Poultry As
sociation has elected the following,of
ficers for the ensuing year: President,
L. N. Cobbledlck; vice president, W.
S. Chllds; secretary and treasurer,
J. C. Williams; superintendent, Mal
colm Lamond. The directors voted to
hold the next show in the Mechanics*
Pavilion. San Francisco. The direc
tors are: John Russell, J. W. Noble,
James Hague, Dr. C. M. Selfridge, W.
S. Childs, J. J. Williams and L. N.
Cobbledick. ?> /. s^; ;<i. -
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were, issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Dennis
Duffy, 28, and May White. 19, both of
San Francisco; Henry Berry, 22, Em
eryville, and Rena Peppin, 17, Coyote:
Joseph Hofer, 50, San Francisco, and
Emily Hagest, 29, Oakland; William
H. Harris, 27, and Catherine B.
Wright, 25, both, of Denver.
FREE, FREE
TO WANT ADVERTISERS ,
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
THE GLOW NIGHT. LAMP,
' A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
Invaluable for bedrooms, sick
chambers, halls, nurseries, bath-
rooms, staircases, etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
A WANT AD. IN '
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
REMOVE HATS
IN THE CHURCH
Women of First Congrega
tional Society Doff Their
Millinery During Services
THE REST WILL FOLLOW
Pastor Favors Such a Cus :
torn, Though He Makes Xo
Effort to Force His Views
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 25.
A movement has been started among
the women of the First Congregational
Church of this city to have the mem
bers of their sex remove their hats in
church, and it is. probable that next
Sunday the ladies will remove their
headgear during divine worship.
." It gradually became known among a
few of the female worshipers at this
church that the pastor. Rev. Charles
R. Brown, was in favor of having the
elaborate hats of their sex removed
during service, and last Sunday a few
of them respected this wish. There
were not many, but few though the
number, there were enough to cause
some discussion of the matter at sev
eral of the female society meetings of
the church during the week.
The result was that the pastor was
appealed to, and while Dr. Brown re
fused to force his views upon the
women of his congregation, he ad
mitted that he thought the removal of
hats was desirable.
The question has been discussed
among the various societies of the
church and among many of the men
bers and it has been decided, without
any organized effort, to generally re
move the expansive pieces of millinery
during divine service.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Feb. 25.— Elwood Mead, pro
fessor of the institution and practice of Irri
gation, is on his way West from Washington
and Is stopping en route at a number of col
leges In connection with the exhibit in agri
cultural engineering at St. Lculs. He will ar
rive in Berkeley on March 4 and begin his
course of lectures, which will occupy the re
mainder of the term. These will include dis
cussions of the Irrigation systems of other
countries. His treatment of this subject will
be broad rather than technical and will be of
general Interest to students of economics. The
lecture hours will be arranged to suit the
schedule of, the college of economics.
M. A. Braverrr.an has- presented to the unl.
vers'ity a number of valuable specimens. These
Include medals, which have been placed on
exhibition in the library, and a number of
rare and curious mineralogical specimens for
the geological collection and some cros3 sec
tions of cork trees grown at Visalia, where
Mr. .Braver-man lives.
Senator George C. Perkins has sent to Presi
dent Wheeler a number of young trees, princi
pally of ornamental European species. They*
will be set out In the vicinity of the presi
dent's new house on the campus. -
From the recorder's rfflce was announced
to-day the names of those students In the en
gineering colleges- who will receive degrees at
the *:rul of the present term. Parchments will
be granted to the following named:
Mechanics — E. S. Abenhelm, G. H. Arthur,
A. J. Champreux, H. T. Eloesser. H. C. Gar
dett, 3. G. Gassoway,. J. O. Jefterds. R. S.
Johnson J. <F. Keernan, J. A. Klnkead. C. F.
Lehman' P. A. Ligda. V. V. Llgda, H. H. Mi
nor. H. S. Minor. C. E. Murdock. A. W. NMch
ollf«. M. A. Rhine, C. W. Rohrer. Y. Sakai,
S. K. Sanada. L. B. Smith, L. XV. Stocker.
Rolf Thelen. S. V. Welton. C. W. "Warren,
O. G. Watson, F. D. Webber, E. D. Wllcox,
W. E. Yoacom.
Civil engineering— E. E. Adams. W. H. AU
derscn, A. M. Baldwin. C. P. Bowie. B. B.
Boyd E M. Brown. F. W. Crocker. E. C. La
Rue. C. E. Miller. R. A. Mitchell. O. W. Pe
terson, G. R. Shuey. E. L.« Soule, S. A. Tib
bett*. T.' E. Williamson.
Mining — R. L. Deals, S. I. Baeser. E. M.
Farnham, F. J: Girard. R. L. Goldberg. A. H.
Halloran, F. M. Hamilton, F. L. Hursh, F.
L. Johnson. L. K. Kennedy, A. Knopf, M. V.
Ixiwry. J. R. McCuUoch. T. J. McGuire. R. II.
Merrill. I. Miller, E. S. Sheffield. T. E. Stan
ton, Paul Thelen, R. A. Tuohy, H. T. Wayne,
G. S. Young.
In accordance with the agreement last week,
the election committee of the Junior class
yesterday recommended to the class in meeting
that the office of president be declared va
cant, and the recommendation was adopted.
This action was followed by the unanimous
election of Miss Flora Frickstad to, the office.
The action was necessary in order to correct
the complication that was caused by the cast-
Ing of an illegal vote during the election last
week.
Charged With PoolselHnjr.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25. — Charles E.
Noyes and H. C. Richardson were in
the Police Court to-day charged with
having illegally sold pools on horse
races. Richardson will t»e tried by a
jury on March 9. Noyes' case went
over until to-morrow.
Garbage Crematory Plans.
OAKLAND. Feb. 25. — Work on the
installation of the Pacific Incinerating
Company's plant on . the new site at
Wood and Twenty-fourth streets will
be commenced at once. The company
expects to begin garbage cremation
within ninety days.
SEVEN PINES CIRCLE
ENTERTAINS FRIENDS
Many Pass a Pleasant Evening With
Grmul Army Men and
Ladles. ...v.
The assembly hall of, the Pioneer
building was crowded last night with
Grand Army men and ladies and
friends, who met there to enjoy the
colonial entertainment and dance
given "by the ladies of Seven Pines
Circle of Ladies of the Grand Army.
All of the officers of this circle were
attired in the style of dress worn in
the days of Martha Washington and
powdered hair looked very attractive.
The following was the programme:
Orchestra; introduction of national and de
partment officers: duet, Mrs. S. D. Mullen
and Mrs. Francis Raddy; recitation. Mrs.
Ancle Ay res; patriotic song. Master Norman
Pederson; selections. Geisha Girls; solo. Miss
Hattle Smedle**; recitation. Miss Adele J.
Davis; selections by Occidental Quartet, II.
G. Dowda.II, Fred Keser, James Lewis, Lewis
Bertrand; old-time melodies. R. R. Castle:
fancy dance. Miss Marguerite Cronan; song,
Mrs. W. G. Joiner: recitation. Miss Merle Col
by: song and dance. Miss Genia Tully.
\- This -was followed by dancing, in
cluding two old-time cotillons by a
number of the members' of. the circle.
During intermission an; old-time army
supper was served in the banquet hall.
Warrant for Adams' Arrest.
• Ernest Hollensteiner of !Meyer &
Hollensteiner, grocers, - 932 Geary
street, yesterday swore to a complaint
charging Fred S. Adams with obtain
ing money by false pretenses. As al
ready published, Adams, who is a son
of a former Sheriff of Aiameda Coun
ty, cashed a check with Jlollensteiner
on February. 13 for $100 on the Dono
hoe-Kelly Banking Company and the
check was returned as worthless. He
applied for a warrant last Saturday for
Adams' arrest, but on the suggestion
of a friend of Adams a letter was sent
to Adams to call at the Bond and War
rant Clerk's office to make fan explana
tion. Adams paid no attention to the
letter land • Hollensteiner : reconsidered
his intention not to' swear out a war
rant, which has now been issued.
DIVINE RIGHT
OF POLICEMEN
Dennis Welch of Alameda's
Force Claims That Bobbies
3Iust Be Permitted to Sleep
TO TEST CASE IN COURT
Has the Owner of. Pack of
Noisy Hounds Arrested for
Disturbing His Slumbers
ALAMEDA, Feb. 25.— Dennis Welch,
policeman of Aiameda, has done more
things that brought him notoriety than
any other member of the local force.
He has saved more people, got mixed
up with more electric wires, captured
more burglars, run in more small bovs
and got his name into print more times
than any other man in the Island Citv.
and now he comes to the front with a
defense in court of the right of a po
liceman to sleep, on or off of his beat.
Dennis says that it is the divine
right of the wearer of a blue uniform
and a star to be permitted to sleep at
all times, provided the sergeant does
not catch him or a pack of hounds
doesn't disturb him. As Aiameda is
not possessed of a sergeant whose duty
it is -.to see that policemen do not sleep
on their beats, and as there is a pack
of noisy hounds in Dennis' neighbor
hood, the veteran policeman had to
turn his attention to the hounds. It is
presumed from his statements that had
there been 3T sergeant to awaken him.
he would have met the same fate as
the dogs.
One Hans P. Nielsen, who comes
from the land of the Vikings, keeps a
pack of baying hounds near where the
policeman lives. According to the com
plaint made to-day by Welch, these
hounds have not permitted him to
sleep by day or night and the only rest
that he has had has been upon his
beat. Upon this showing Judge Tap
pan issued a warrant for Nielsen's ar
rest and he "was haled into court. He
demanded a .jury trial and will set up
as hts defense that Welch got enough
rest unon his beat to satisfy all of the
demands of nature, and that a police
man is supposed to be always vigilant
and awake. On the other hand it is
understood that D«nnis will plead the
eight-hour law on sleep.
Mrs. B. C. Cuvelller Injured.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25. — Mrs. B. C.
Cuvellier. wife of the City Councilman,
fell yesterday and was severely in
jured. Mrs. Cuvellier is under the care
of physicians at her residence. 1223
Union street.
Burglars Keep Busy.
OAKLAND, Feb. 23.— A burglar
ransacked Mrs. Susie Bane's residence,
535 Eighteenth street. Tuesday night
and stole Jewelry. The police were
notified to-day.
PERSONAL
Dr. P. T. Abbott of Reno is at the
Lick.
Dr. C. L. Muller of Nevada City is
at the Lick.
Dr. Petrie Hoyle of Santa Cruz is
at the Palace.
L. B. Crpw, a rancher of Crow's
Landing, is at the Lick.
J. C. Williamson, the Australian im
presario, will leave . for New Zealand
on the Sierra.
P. A. Crosthwaite. a merchant of
Shanghai, arrived at the Grand yes
terday from the Orient.
Prince Bernhard von Sachsen, who is
now making a pleasure tour through
New Zealand, is shortly to visit Cali
fornia.
Captain Eric Neil, who arrived from
New Zealand on the steamship Ven
tura, has decided to make his home in
San Francisco.
Sir Donald and Lady Robertson. Dr.
Gilbert Arnold, government surgeon at
Fiji, and Dr. J. Douglas Cook are ex
pected to arrive soon in this city.
Sir Ellis Ashmeade Bartlett of London
arrived here yesterday and is regis
tered at the Palace Hotel. He expects
to leave shortly for the Orient.
Banker D. O. Mills and Editor White
law Reid arrived yesterday in a private
car from New Yor4s and are staying at
the former's country home at Millbrae.
Ronald Greig, a tea merchant of
Fcochow and agent at that port for th-;
trans-Paclflc steamship lines, arrived
from the Orient yesterday and is at tho
Palace. , ..-"
Mr. and Mrs. levers are expected' to
arrive .in San Francisco from New Zea
land on the Sonoma. Mr,. Ieyers is at
present British agent in Northern
Ceylon. ..
Richard Harding • Davis, the well
known war correspondent, and wife
arrived from New York last night and
registered at the Palace. They leave
for the Orient on the China.
Sir Joseph Ward, the New Zealand
Minister of Railways and Transit, has
■largely followed the progressive spirit
of this State in his modern handling
of tHe~Maoriland roads. Sir Joseph is
about to visit California..
Robert Lee Stephenson. formerly
train agent for the Santa Fe road and
widely known in railroad circles, has
been appointed Pacific Coast repre
sentative of the Union Central Life
Insurance Company of Cincinnati.
David E. Burley of "Salt Lake, gen
eral passenger and ticket agent of the
Oregon Short Line, and A. L. Craig of
Portland, general passenger agent of
the Oregon Railroad, and Navigation
Company, arrived in the city yesterday
and are. staying at the Palace.
J. D. Deshler, a capitalist of Colum
bus, Ohio, and a brother-in-la'w of E.
O. McCormick of the Southern Pacific
Company, has arrived here with his
wife on a pleasure trip. They are the
guests of Mr. and Mrs. McCormick at
their residence on Broadway.
VWilllam H. Averill, a wealthy busi
ness man of Rochester and a relative
of President E. H. Harriman of the
Southern Pacific Company, accom
panied by his wife, arrived here in a
special car early yesterday morning
and is at the California. Mr. and Mr3.
Averill are traveling for pleasure and
expect to leave for Southern California
in a few days.
Cnlifomians in New York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The following
Californians are in" New York:' From
San Francisco — v! ,~ G. ' Hush, "at the
'Murray Hill; L. J. Watson and wife,
at the Hoffman: V C. A. Brtms, at the
Eelvedere;. W. Ellus, at the Grand
Union: J. A. Smith, at the Gilsey, and
F. Wilkinson and w.ife, at the Navarre.
"Don't you know that It is wrong to
gamble?" "Tassir," said Pickaninny
Jim, as he shook the dice. "I knows
it's wrong to gamble, but dishere isn'
gamblin'; dishere is a guessin' contest."
—Washington Star.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTS
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
1148 Center Street.
Telephone North 71.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle SOX
IF THE BLACKS SHOULD
RISE AGAINST EUROPEANS?
Negroes or Africa Vastly Outnumber
the Whites In Dark Conti
nent.
If the blacks should rise against Eu
ropeans? This sentence has not infre
quently been uttered and nervously
uttered in Africa. The whites on
that continent, even in Dutch
and English South Africa, are
in an absurd numerical minor
ity. In Cape Colony itself, the oldest
and best settled European province,
there are but ."S2.1PS whites to 2.113,137
blacks. No such disparity as this ex
ists in any part of our American
"black belt." In Rhodesia the whites
are but a handful among upward of
500,000 warlike blacks of the stronger
sort, including the ilerce Matabele. In
Natal there a/e 72,695 whites to 806.51-
Zulu-Kaffirs. In most of German Af
rica, and. of course, the whole of ths
continent northward to Algeria tha
disparity is greater still. In the Warm
bad district of German Southwest Af
rica, whence only yesterday we h»d
news that another German outpost had
been overpowered and massacred, there
were at last accounts 1513 white per
sons, mostly Boers who have trekked
there, to 10,000 blacks.
Yesterday, too. we had news, as yet
unconfirmed, but very likely true, of
the massacre of a white missionary
and his community of eighteen con
verts in the hinterland of Liberia.
The scene of this deed is significant, if
the news is true, for if the black aval
anche is ever let loose in Africa it will
undoubtedly be by the hand of soms
black who has been inspired by
thoughts of black rule and independ
ence, such as those that prevail in Li
beria. Xo such native avalanche ever
hung over the heads of even the few
white settlers in the American colon
ies in the early day. for the American
wilderness was never peopled with
such hosts of savages as fill the Afri
can veldt and jungle.
For the attempt, at least, nothing i3
wanting but the Toussalnt l'Ouverture.
the determined and able black leader
who can organize the diverse and mu
tually foreien nations and tribes and
inspire them with a common motive of
revolt. No such leader is in sight. Yet
a negro King Philip, a negro Pontiar.
a negro Tecumseh. the stamp of whos<»
foot upon the earth may some day be
heard in the earthquake, is neither in
conceivable nor impossible.
We may understand the uneasiness
of South African whites over this Hot
tentot insurrection. German rule is
sufficiently oppressive _to light the
flame if anything will do It. The Hot
tentots are a widespread nation. A
general black insurrection must result
in horrible massacres. Yet there could
be but one final result for it, as there
was but one possible result for the gen
eral Indian wars in America. Th»
thousands of whites, with their re
sources and organization, would pre
vail, and more sternly than ever
against the millions of blacks.— New
York Mail and Express.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. . Almnctla County.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 25.
Sarah J. Taylor (widow) to Taylor Eitato
Company (corporation*, lot on N\V corner Jf
Eighth end Castro streets. TV 175 by N 2i>>.
lrts 11 to -ft. block U4, KeII?rsberrer'3 may.
Oakland; *10O.
Albert L., Violet A.. Edward A. and Dais»y
H. Krei33 to Ph!lli> H\ TT<m>llll«llll «sin5l«-).
lot on 9 line of Twenty-eighth street. l»t Vv "C
Grove. W 2T» by S 100. let 2». block im'l
niap Xo. U, Whitcher Tract, etc.. Oakland: $l'i.
Ira and Charlotte A. Vaughan to Antonio
A. Sarment. lot en \V line of Campbell stre<»l.
SSrT^i N of Pacific. N 2.1 by W 74::?. lot U.">.
block 4»W>, revised map of Gibbons' property at
Oakland Point. Oaklanrl: ?lo.
Georze W. Austin tsingle) ti> Kiiward .1.
Johnson, lot on S line of Thirty-fourth street.
101 TV of Market. W 4<> by S loo. portion of
lots VI to 14. block V. property of Central
Land Company. Oakland: Jlo.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watktnson to Thomaa
J. and Mary J. Walsh, lot on S line of Forty
ninth (or Birch) street. UK) K of Cherry. E 4*
by S 12t\ lot 57. blo^k F. map of Sny««?r *
Montgomery subdivision of portion of Term-si tl
Park. Oakland; ?!•>.
K. C anrt Mary D. Se?sion» to C D. Vinijent.
land bounded N by N line of Fast EighteMt*
street extended K. E by \V line of «.*omrn«»ri •»
street i»t Fourteenth avenue). S by 8 line ot
East Eizhte r r»«h extended K and \V by com
mon boundary l!n» between former towns mt
Clinton an<l San Ant«nio, block 4:'. San Ant i
nlo. Kast Oakland; $li».
C. P. and O. L.. Vincent (wife) to City of
Oakland (corporation), came for purpose of
maintaining thereon a public street. Ea*t Oak
land; *10.
George and Carrie Sterling to the Realty
Syndicate ♦corporation) lot on E line of Ade
line street «O S of Fortieth (Eviy nvenue>.
■said iiui HUM b*tn« »* W corner of Jan«i «V
i«cr1be(l »n deed to Maria E. Martin. EtQ D. I 1 * I.
thence S 30 by E 1»H» feet, heinif portion of
lot il) mar> H. C. TVhr» Homestead, etc..
Emeryville, Oakland Township: $10.
Julia P Blasdale (widow) to Annie \vo!
tero (wife of William), lot on S tine of V ir-
Kinia street. 200 E of Grant. E 40 by 3
133:4% belnr portion of lot 4. block 1. mao
State University Homestead Association >>'■>.
4 Berkeley: IIWV £,'_ " . lt
' Beatrice M. Crooks (single) to Joseph H
Dingwell lot on NE corner of Thirteenth and
Madison 'streets. N 100 by E 12i>. block IDT.
Kellersberfrer's map. Oakland; $10. .,■
Joseph H. and Minnie Dinswell to J. Loui«
Martin lot on E line of W>st street. 5«> N
of Twentieth. N X5 by E 10O. being S CS feet ot
lot 2. Curtis & Williams" tract, etc. Oakland.
Teresa and Blblano (or Vlbrana) Davilla ("r
Davila) to H. Rlttner. lnt on N line of Forty
third street. 115 E of Grove- E 50 by JI jnn.
being portion of plat ."58. Kellersberirer'w map.
Rancho* V. arfd D. Peralta. Oakland; $10.
J. H. and Minnie. Dtnjrwell (wife) to Daniel
Geary lot on >• line of Eighteenth street. 100
W of' West street. W SO by N 10O. lot It.
block S. Barnes Tract. Oakland; $10.
Martha M. Taylor (Crawford) to Miriam
O Atwater (widow), lot on 8 line of Vlrglnl*
street 240 TV of Grant. TV .TO by S 133:4. be
ing portion of lot 3. block 2. map State Uni
versity Homestead Association No. 4, Oakland:
$10. - • '
Late Shipping Intelligence.
-ARRIVED.
Thursday. February 23-
Shlp Geo Curtis. Calboun. 24 day* from Hon
olulu.
SAILED.
Thursday. February 23.
Etmr Cfcico. Martin. Coquille River.
Stmr Sookace, NoDander. Eureka.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Ma
jestic, from LiverDOOl and Queenstown.
ONE THOUSAND DOLLAR
. NOVEL,
THE DEATH AND BIRTH IN
THE DESERT,
IN THE
THRILLING PROLOGUE OF
•?TO-MORRO\V'S TANGLE,"
GERALDINE BONNER'S NEW
CALIFORNIA NOVEL, WHICH
BEGINS IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Popular
Vote of 1904
*s Unanimously in Favor of Stuart's
dyspepsia Tablets -They Are
the Nation's Favorite.
N*o article on the market, whatever
be the purpose for which it was
treated, can be a phenomenal success
and be universally popular unless it
possesses great and unfailing merit.
Inferior and worthless articles may
nourish for a limited time if their
praises are sung* by sufficient clever
and catchy advertising; but their days
are numbered from the start and their
finish is a foregone conclusion. This is
an age of the survival of the fittest,
and only articles of true worth endure.
The unparalleled and phenomenal
success of Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets
from a business standpoint is not un-
natural nor surprising. It is due di-
rectly to their unparalleled and phen-
omenal success in curing multiplied
thousands of cases of dyspepsia
throughout the English-speaking
world.
The reason of the wonderful success
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is so
plain and simple that a child can un-
derstand. It is this and nothing
more; they are natural in their work-
ings and effects. They take up the
work of the worn and wasted stomach
and do it just as the stomach did when
it was well and strong and able. They
actually digest the food and do it thor-
oughly, completely and independently,
thus giving the weak and weary
stomach an opportunity to renew and
reyain its wasted strength. You for-
get that you have a stomach just as
you did when you were a healthy boy
or girl and nature restores and heals
that organ and makes it well and
strong.
A t-u Louis business man says: "I
was a confirmed dyspeptic for years.
What I ate had to be forced down and
most of it soured or lay like lead In
my stomach and did me no good. I
was in constant misery both in mind
and body and came to be cranky,
morose and irritable. My natural dis-
position, which was cheerful and
j.leasant, left me and I was alienating
all my friends. The doctors did me no
{rood. 1 {,-ot so I hated the sight or
name of a doctor. My wife finally
worried me into buying a box of
Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets, which I
began taking under protest, as I had
no faith in anything or anybody. I
was sore on creation.
"I had not taken a third of that box
before I noticed a decided and most
welcome change. I could enjoy a good
meal and feel no bad effects following
it- I forgot my stomach and had a
chance to think about something else.
1 went ahead with my business in ease
.ind comfort. J?ix boxes of Stuart's
iJyspesia Tablets at a total outlay of
S3 cured me completely and I have
:iot suffered a pain from dyspepsia for
two years. I have an appetite like a
3 6-year-old boy. I wish every one
who suffers from dyspepsia could
know what a change this great remedy
made in me."
Stuart "s Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by druggists everywhere at 50
< fins a box. All druggists carry them
and the best doctors are prescribing
'hem. Yon need not fear that you will
ever be unable to get them; for, be-
<«use of the good they have done
mankind and the suffering they have
relieved and the happiness they have
caused, the fame and the success and
:he popularity of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets from generation unto genera-
tion will endure. %
Schools and Colleges,
m^Zi^.\ mi J.. m JbL 1I s41
L,E*PPrq BVKXSESS COIAKGE OF THE
W Ef=T. -t Post si.. San Francisco. CaJ.
IJetablishcd 40 vearf. Orx"n entire year.
Write for illustrated catalo*jue (free).
OCEAN TBAVEL.
y^\C rC6v Steamer* leave San Fran-
/^i^-i^X cIfco as follows:
A£j_ . XtiA l'or Ketchikan, Wran-jfl.
/a '**! Juneau, Halnes, Skagnay,
j j \)1SVA I j •' " - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Veb.
I \ Xia^'A/ .1 *:5. Mar. 1. Chance to com-
Y*>\ \\ y.OJ pany's titeamer at Seattle.
V>>i!__-'£*'/ For Victoria. Vancouver,
N^MstjVJ^ port Townsend, S*>attlf Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatc'om —
31 •. m.. Feb. 20. m Z\ Mar. L Change at Seattle
to this company"! eteamers for Alaska, and G.
K. Hy.; at Seattle or Tacoraa to N P. Ky.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (.Humboldt Bar) — Pomona 1-30
r m.. Feb. 28, Mar. 5. Corona, 1:30 p. m..
K*b. 25. Mar. 2.
t>>r ljne Angrlcs <v!a Port Lot Angeles and
rt«-<Jop<3o). 8au Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rota. Sunday*. 0 a. m.
Ktate of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For I-ios An^rlcs (via San Pedro and Ea«t
San P«Jrp). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
♦ er*y, Fan Flmeon, Cayuco«. I'ort Harford (San
Lule Obli-po>. Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 29. Mar. 8.
Bomta, 9 a. m., Feb. £5, Mar. 4.
For Enfcenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Lt Pax, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas <Mex.>, 10 a. m., 7th each
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Klirht Is reserved to change Eteamers or eallinir
<2«te*.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery »t. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St. and Broad-
way wharv*. Freirht offlc*. 10 Market et.
C. D. DU.VANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St., Pan Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
rail for and check- baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
<"*regcm tails Feb. 27. March 8, IS, 28, April
7. 17 and 27. 5. P Oregon is temporarily In
Instead of *Jfc Columbia. George W.
Kldrr pail* Mar. 3, i7.. 2.t, Apr. 2. 12 and 22*
«-nly steamship line to PORTLAND, OR., arid
f-'iort rail line from Portland to all points East
Tbroosb tickets to all points, all rail or steam".
rhlp and rail, at IX)WEST RATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Fptar nt. «t 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH,
t",ct\. Agt. P«s.«. Dept., 1 Montgomery »t.: c'
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt, Freight Dept.. 3 Mont.!
£ ornery *>t.
oceapies.sxo. h^vk
F. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney Thur.. March 3, 2 p. m.
e S. AL.AMEDA. for Honolulu. Mch. 12, 11 a m.
6. S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Mch. 18, 11 a.m.
WilC£x22i EarkttiLflsrli. I.hgfoll
COKPAGNIS GENERAL*! TEAKBATLlW HJJ ;
UIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^»w»
hailintT every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, ***"'-*•'•--
Nortli River, foot of Morton st.
Firrt class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond clars to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
r'ANADA X52 BmadwjLy <liudson Building).
Nrw York. J. F. FL'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa*t
Agente, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
fltaj* Inland and Vallejo Stesuaert.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICEULO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Funday. 8:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
dav 7 a.m., 4:l^ p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1&(% Pier 2, Mlseion-et. dock. HATCH
BROS.
CANAL TREATY
IS APPROVED
Ratifications Between the
United States and Panama
Signed by the President
TO ISSUE PE0CLA3IATI0N
Shaw Says Xo Money Will
Be Paid Until Question of
the Title Is Determined
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— President
Roosevelt to-day signed the ratifica
tions to be exchanged between the
United States and the republic of Pan
ama of the isthmian canal treaty. The
exchanges will be made at the State
Department between Secretary Hay
and Bunau-Varilla. The President him
self does not sign a treaty. Subse
quently a proclamation will be issued
by the President announcing the con
clusion «jf the convention and putting
ii into effect.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— Secretary
Shaw was at the sub-treasury to-day,
where he received a number of callers,
including: E. U. Harrirrsan, I. N. Selig
man, James Stillman and Valentine P.
Snyder. Respecting the Panama canal
payment the Secretary said that no
call will be issued to the depository
banks for payment of tne $50,000,000 in
volved until the Attorney General has
passed upon the validity of the Panama
Canal Company's title.
"No money will be paid over till we
are sure of a clear title," said he. "I
think we will be secure beyond all
doubt this time, although it may take a
little time to complete the formalities
and the papers in shape."
"YTill it be necessary for our Govern
ment to send a representative to
Paris?" was asked.
"It may be," Shaw answered. "The
call on the depository banks," he con
tinued, "will be made in time to have
the funds in hand a week or more be
fore the transfer has to be effected. If I
thought that we had to pay the money
over to Panama in ten days I would
send out the call by wire immediately.
The bankers are to-day fully prepared
for it and could finance the withdraw
als without difficulty."
BO FEARS XO OBSTACLES.
President of Canal Company Expects
Karly Transfer of Concession.
PARIS. Feb. 25. — Conversations which
have occurred between M. Bo, president
of the Panama Canal Company, and
Embassador Porter show that in the
opinion of the former no obstacle will
be placed by the company in the way
of the transfer of the concession to the
United States.
At the Colombian legation the hope
is expressed that the United States
will delay the purchase of the con
cession until the French courts pass
upon the two applications submitted
to them — first, an order prohibiting
the company from concluding the sale;
second, an order that the company
recognize the right of Colombia to her
share, which the company holds passed
with the sovereignty to Panama, The
courts fixed March 9 for the argu
ments.
It was admitted at the Colombian
legation that there is every likelihood
of the court's refusing to grant the
writ enjoining the company from sell
ing the concession, but every effort
will be made to retain the ownership
of the Colombian shares, in order that
Colombia may profit in the distribution
of the money paid for the concessions.
KUMLER TAKES EXCEPTION
TO REMARKS OF COXRAD
Counsel for Defense in Postal Trial
Claims the Government's Attorney
Casts Imputation on thc Jury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25. — Special
Counsel Conrad for the Government
in the postal trial concluded his argu
ment for the prosecution to-day. He
dwelt at length upon the question of
what resembles a reasonable doubt
and instanced cases where a single
juror had hung a jury through a mis
conception of the meaning of a rea
sonable doubt. He was interrupted by
Attorney Kumler, who charged that
the statements were an imputation
upon the jury in this case. A sharp
colloquy between Conrad and Kumler
followed.
Conrad attacked the statements
made on the stand by Mr. Lawrence
regarding his first examination of the
Groff fastener in 1895 and said that
they were not borne out by the cir
cumstances surrounding it.
Justice Pritchard announced that he
would deliver his charge to the jury
to-morrow morning.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 25.— J. F. Pyle & Son to
day filed articles of incorporation, with a cap
ital stock of $30,000. for canning fruits and
vegetable?, with place of business In this- city.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne, or other skin troubles,
promptlyrelievedand cured by
This scientific germicide, which
is harmless, cures by killing:
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept , no
substitutes. Address
- or.pi> rValnabln Ro«kl>f on th<»
• r '** t "t.f««t'»«»t of dlwa»m
**|| fif EK3EB ga g ournew VACUUM I>E-
i W H M^*_ B \Ei V1GOKATOK Is a n'at-
■ W ■ sTsaB U MB ural restorer of lost
utrentfth and vigor. It Is the ONLY means
which will expand and develop the organs, used
wita our Improved ". Perfect " Soluble Medicated
(Direct Medication)
Crayons, will quickly cure unnatural losses, stric-
ture, premature decay, prostatic affections, etc
r jm k, For VARICOCKLK onr IM-
\ffi?& PROVED DEVELOPER, com-
Vw Ifjs blned with our new patented SUS-
7-^fr PENSOBY and COMPBESSOR,
jfff(»old only by us), will cure even tho
f!**5f worst cases. Don't fall to Investigate thin.
Ji 3 Call or write for new (copyrighted) pro-
S 'A fusely Illustrated lOO-paae book.-'Uealth,"
S j for BIEX OXI.Y. Sent securely sealed
v\| *" nl - K - Our physicians are experienced
'J3fL&a<l strictly reliable specialists. Fees
V9 moderate. Treatment given on 10 days'
trial and approval.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O'FarrcIl Street. S. F.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO , CALL. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1004.
CANDIDATES'
FRIENDS ARE
INDUSTRIOUS
CONGRESSMAN DICK. MEN
TIONED FORCHAIRMANOF
REPUBLICAN COMMITTEE
Prominent Republicans
in Fight for Chair
manship.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— Senator
Scott of West Virginia had a long con
ference with the President to-day, dis
cussing fully with him matters relating
to national politics. Several men have
been mentioned in connection with the
chairmanship of the Republican Na
tional Committee, but thus far the sub
ject has not proceeded beyond the
realm of suggestion.
Among the names of the men pro
posed for the chairmanship are for
mer Governor Crane of Massachusetts.
Postmaster General Henry C. Payne of
Wisconsin, now acting chairman of the
committee; Senator Penrose of Penn
sylvania, Senator Scott of West Vir
ginia and General Charles Dick of Ohio.
Crane is a personal friend of Pres
ident Roosevelt and one of his closest
political advisers. The President de
sires in the event of his nomination
for the Presidency that Crane should
be identified in an important capacity
with the conduct of the Presidential
campaign, but it is known that Crane
hesitates to undertake the responsibil
ity of directing the campaign as chair
man on account of his health.
Members of the National Committee
have suggested that Postmaster Gen
eral Payne be selected as national
chairman. The suggestion was cor
dially received by the President, as he
entertains the highest regard for
Payne's political sagacity and ability.
It is said, however, to be quite improb
able that Payne will resign the Post
master Generalship to undertake the
work of directing the national cam
paign, for the reason that his health
will not permit him to undertake safe
ly the arduous labors of national chair
man.
Friends of General Dick have advo
cated warmly the desirability of his
selection as national chairman. He was
in close official touch with the man
agement of the last two national cam
paigns and was one of the most trust
ed lieutenants of Senator Hanna. and
besides having a wide acquaintance
throughout the country is regarded as
a notable campaign organizer. It can
be said that no determination of the
Republican national chairmanship will
be reached, perhaps, for three months.
Suggestions are being considered, but
no decision, even of a tentative nature,
has been or will be made until the
near approach of the Chicago conven
tion.
Wlihdraws From Senatorial Race.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25. — J. L. Cas
wel of West Virginia to-day issued a
statement withdrawing from the race
for United States Senator In that
State.
PHILIPPINE SHIPPING
BILLS DISCUSSED BY TAFT
Secretary Seems to Favor Combina
tion of Frye Measure and Scheme
of the Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— Secretary
Taft to-day gave a hearing at the War
Department to a number of persons
interested in pending legislation rel
ative to the limitation of Philippine
commerce to American bottoms. The
arguments touched every phase of the
situation, with which Secretary Taft
appeared to be- very familiar. The
only novel proposition to-day was one
that seemed to emanate from Secre
tary .Taft himself, looking to a com
bination of the pending Frye shipping
bill, excluding foreign bottoms from
the Philippine trade with the tariff
reductions scheme proposed by the
Philippine Commission.
DOLE REFUSES TO 3IAKE
PORTUGUESE CITIZENS
Twenty Foreigners Admit They Want
to Become Americans in Order
to Hold Positions.
HONOLULU, Feb. 19.— Judge Dole
has refused to naturalize about twenty
Portuguese that desired to become
American citizens. Most of them were
residents of twenty years' standing
and the immediate cause of their wish
to embrace the rights and privileges
accorded by the constitution of the
United States was a desire to retain
their jobs in the road department. • A
ruling by the Attorney General com
pelled Road Supervisor Johnson to dis
charge all men who were not . Ameri
can citizens and give work to\ native
Hawaiians. When questioned by Judge
Dole the Portuguese frankly admitted
that they only wanted citizenship in
order to retain their positions, so the
Judge declined to accommodate them.
May. Join the Federation of Labor.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Feb. 25.'— At
a conference yesterday between Samuel
Gompers, president of the - American
Federation of Labor, and delegates of
the two Porto Rican leading unions,
representing all the organized labor of
the island, Gompers urged their amal
gamation under the American Federa
tion of .Labor. A resolution to this af
fect was adopted by the delegates and
will be voted upon by the unions March
12. ;■:..:' ' ' - - ■ . - ■ ■ ■ • '
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— Master bakers of the
West Side have, decided to advance the price of
rolls from 10 cents to 12 cents a dozen, owing
to the high prices prevailing for wheat and
flour. .
WHt AFFAIRS
UNDER DEBATE
Fight Over the Pending Ap
propriation Bill Still Oc
cupies Attention of House
BURTON MEETS DEFEAT
Amendment Offered by Him
to Strike Out OneBattleship
From Measure Is Lost
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— The build
ing programme of the navy, as con
tained in the pending naval appropria
tion bill, occupied the attention of the
House throughout the day and the
fight is by no means over. The min
ority members of the Naval Affairs
Committee, who, under the leadership
of Meyer of Louisiana, first gave their
indorsement to the measure, are cam
paigning for a reduction in the number
of ships to be authorized. The amend
ment to strike out the one battleship
made yesterday by Burton of Ohio was
defeated.
The cruisers were then put to the
test, and enough friends for them were
found for their retention. Construc
tion of the shjps in Government yards
proved to be a' fruitful topic for discus
sion, and an amendment; by Bell of
California requiring one collier to be
built in a Government yard was
adopted.
Appropriation for a preferential of
four Der cent in favor of bids from the
Pacific Coast was defeated. -
McDermott of New Jersey enter
tained the House with a five-minute
speech, proposing that all the ships
provided for in the bill be built in the
State of New Jersey. New Jersey, he
said, was one of the original thirteen
States, and therefore more entitled to
consideration than California.
"There is another reason why these
ships should be built in New Jersey,"
he added. "It is a reason that appeals
to economy and perhaps to charity.
The receiver of the great shipbuilding
trust is now a resident of New Jersey
and its principal yard is there. ' What
are you going to do when you find prop
erty owned by men who thirteen
months ago were Tcnown as princes of
finance to-day lying prostrate: boya
jumping over the machinery; the wood
going to rot and the iron going to rust
in the great Nixon ship yards in New
Jersey. May I not, then, with a voice
more pregnant than that which, comes
from California, appeal to you all.
Democrats and Republicans, to come to
the rescue of that trust and have your
ships built there?"
Humphreys' amendment was defeat
ed—76 to 98.
An amendment was offered by Rob
erts of Massachusetts increasing the
number of torpedo-boats authorized
from two to five, but it was not acted
upon.
An amendment by Rixey of Virginia
limiting to a maximum price of 5398
a ton the amount to be paid for armor
plate and should armor not be obtain
able at this price/ that a Government
armor plate factory be erected was
ruled out of order.
AGRICULTURAL BILL PASSES.
Senate Adopts Amendments of Benefit
to the Pacific Coast.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— The Senate
to-day passed the agricultural and the
legislative, executive and judicial ap
propriation bills. An amendment to the
agricultural bill suggested by Heyburn
of Idaho caused an animated discus
sion. It contemplated supervision of in
terstate commerce so as to prevent the
transfer of plants or seeds fraudulently
marked from one State to another. The
amendment started a debate on patriot
ism. It was ruled out on a point of or
der.
An amendment offered by Heyburn
authorizing the Secretary of Agricul
ture to prohibit interstate shipments of
misnamed and misrepresented fruil
trees provoked a long discussion. It
was supported by Heyburn and Clark of
Wyoming, and opposed by Tillman,
Lodge, Teller, Proctor and Bailey.
In the agricultural appropriation bill
passed by the .Senate two amendments
are approved having special reference
to the conduct of experiment stations.
The. bill as it came from the House con
tained the following language: "The
Secretary of Agriculture is hereby au
thorized and directed to co-ordinate the
work of the several stations and the
work of the stations with the Depart
ment of Agriculture, to the end of pre
venting unnecessary duplication of
work, of increasing the efficiency of the
stations and the Department of Agri
culture and to unify and systematize
agricultural investigations in the
United States."
Upon motion of Senator Bard this
language was stricken out. The objec
tion was that under it the Government
would exercise too great, control over
State stations.
Senator Perkins also amended the bill,
broadening its scope with regard to
fighting diseases of the vine. The ap
propriation was increased from $5000 to
$12,000 for this purpose. The language
of the bill was changed so as to read
that this money shall be used . toward
"determining the adaptability of vari
ous grape stocks to the different soil
and climate conditions of the Pacific
Coast and their resistance to disease."
Committee Favors Livernash.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25. — House
Committee on Elections No. i to-day
agreed to report In favor of Liver
nash in the Kahn-Llyernash contest
from the Fourth California District.
The committee decided the Gudger-
Moody contest from the Tenth North
Carolina District in favor of Gudger
(Democrat), the sitting member, and
the Dantzler-Lever contest, from the
Seventh South Carolina District, in fa
vor of Lever, the sitting member.
Strike Reaches an Acute Stage.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Feb. 25.— The
strike of 200 butchers of the Louisville
Packing Company, controlled by the
Cudahys, over a wage difference, ha3
reached an acute stage. President
Donnelly of the National Meat Cutters'
Union announces that if the demands
are not granted he will call out every
butcher employed by the Cudahy In
terests all over the United States.
"We are closing out several odd lots of
framed pictures at half the regular
prices. Sanborn.Vall & Co.,741 Market St.*
FREE, FREE
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
IS NEXT SUNDA i"S <TALL.
THE GLOW NIGHT, LAMP,
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
Invaluable for » bedrooms, sick
chambers halls, nurseries, bath-
rooms, staircases, etc. .
BE .SURE TO GET ONE WITH
A WANT AD. IN
[NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
THE EMP0B1TJM p "E^L^ES^R^ j THE ITMPOHITJM.
g j ' ' ' ' ' * ' * t ",*
i Free Samples : '.V-/\! ifri/^jmmal rr^"~~~ : -Tg> _^^ -Daily from 9 a. J
J» of Every t filing B /^^; / J^S fomsnBrnin^^ ffcTTi jo-, /I rn - to 6. p. mi. *
g The "Pure Food Show" is a great, big, unqualified success. *
£ Despite the gloomy weather on the opening day, nearly two thousand people :«
«? were served with samples of the Advanced Food Products which are now being :«
g demonstrated by some of the leading producers in America, in a special depart- j
i ment of artistic booths, on the main floor. J
if It is a "Pure Food Exhibit/' with no frills foreign to the main purpose— *
$ and that purpose is the proper display and exposition of a wonderfully wide >«
S variety of standard foods. ' It is one of the most fascinating and interesting *
J exhibits ever planned by The Emporium. S»
£ /Among the numerous exhibits are *
| Pettijohn's Breakfast Gem Tipo Chianti Wines Long's Preserves, Jellies, etc. *
*• American Malto Cocoa Cudahy's Rex Beef Extract M. J. B. Coffee, in tins J
$. Isleton Creamery Butter ' S*s2Z4/ Canned Goods Lily Pure Sterilized Cream ."f
J Braunhardt's Tropical Sauce ' Emporium Baking Powder California Home Brand Pickles x
1? W. Q. M. Tamales, Beans, etc. Emporium Family Flour Etc., etc., etc. .♦«
f After seeing the Pure Food Exhibit visit the Art Room on the second floor and see jj
J "The Blacksmith," Delorme v s $50,000 painting. Here for a fezv days more. It's free. Ij
I 25c Glove Purses Two Days' Saie Butter To-Day %
I at Half Price Children's Hose Thi$istil^ t^f b^ the0RV •?
g So,nethin S Absolutely New- 25C Kind 14C *
* Latest European nove'.ues; a dainty A b5g ]ot of children's 2x1 ribbed, •« -qu«e. tie price to-d.y ymf %
t£ "change purse to be carried m ' "»••«* ,%
S thc glove, made of genuine calf, fast black cotton ho3C ' cxtra hew * Durilf the pure-food demonstration %
K ■ -alligator ' walrus or morocco " double knee, heel and sole, made visitors to the store ivill kave ample 3
j: tehcr. hand-laced e dg«, button for hard «jr, an extent i,i K^^^'SS 3
* clasp; instead of 25c each, to-day hose, s:zcs 6 to io, to- + /£-+ qualities only at as lozv or lower prices \%
ii and Saturday . . .... 12c day and Saturday, pair m m W%^ than they can be bougkt for elsewhere. »J
ar ' " ' " " ' * s
I Beautiful Spring Ribbons 14c and 24o ?
$ An Extraordinary Offering Friday and Saturday *
% This is the second section of the 30,000 yard shipment of novelty ribbons for special sale recently *
j£ sent to us by our buyers now in New York. x
if Rich Brilliant Taffeta Ribbons— Ail tiik, 5 inchss wide', ribbons Silk Corded Warp Print Ribbons— 5 and 6 inches wide, j
*f with just the right body for th= popular Fifth Avenue Bows, in thousands ot'yards ot these beautiful effects in a variety of "*
J such dainty and desirable Spring colorings >s maise, pink, white, different colorings: whits with li 3 h: colored borders; g^ 1
X cream, turquoisf, cardinal, scarlet lavender, blue, 'ffJW grm white.pi.ik.bSuc.brown.gresn ani -rav, with Drs- J&X&SX n
£ NJe, new rose, etc., etc.; real value 2 S c the yard; g V&Gj, ien center . a f uU 40c valur; for the twodays.peryd .%
for thc two days, sale pnee _^__^__^^_^_^_^^^____^^^_^^^^ **
I Bovs' Clothing ■ Saie of Ladies' Handk'ch'f Sale $
Si NorfolK Suits— Another lot fresh *p4mM*J%M Men's, Women's, Children's. *
j: from some ot the best makers in Good $3.50 Values. Ol a big special sale, tab: c in the main "\
Si New York City — r homespuns, fig^^&t Five different styics (the acle you will find to-day (and Saturday, ir $
jK Scotch tweeds, West of England /B||l||ly newest") women's shoes, quantities la t) many sryl«s of handkerchiefj 1
£ tweeds and blue s-rpes Anv bov v 1 t. * J ° r m ' r 'i women and children that are worth ■*
* tvvecai ana oiuc surges. nny ooy jgiv m sucJl i cat jj Cr$ a$ patent . , . ! ,,i.. nr ;, es •*
J. ' Ag (JO and SG SO HlOvK^lX l*a*her, with Goodyear weit:d ijC
£ Ferris Waists for Boys-Si'es for 3 to $§£%£& S o'.es and miatary heeh; Women'. Lac= Edged Handkerchiefs IOC *
*> jo a s J 25C and SOO EaBCeiXvt. " cannot be Children's Foxy Oranapj Handkerchiefs, %
i Boys' "Corduroy Knee Pant,-Made for e \ cwhc " ""' e ? ect T " l^T V r 3 - % W ° %
K hard wear; size, for 4 to , 6 years, Milk d " $^^\ h "=, Frida - V M™ s J'P onet Handkerchiefs, in Persian *
% -^. ' •* c-. «« nh «* J>«5 XSfc&^Svv aid Saturday omy, dts'gn , . . . . /Q Z
I Serviceable Walking igej^ ggj |
S Coats in New Spring suits its I
S Style Only 9G* 75 AXiO thc 8amc qualities in U^:-,^ |
j£ ■ Just the thing for the bus'nejj woman single breasted sack coats. jgS^' 'i*r '■'■'■ '■•"% !*5
If /J^Piij^k. or young miss. A substant'al, dressy. These garments have just ©[&* ■''' ; •• ■ \ &
£ P&S&S^ tailored jacket for every <*ay""r; been received irom the mak. IplP^K^V 5
H **** ? vr^Jr*J££.-' J made of coverts, chtviots and Trubet . S»v*-: ; '*?£■ ' *»
£ J$S ,7^" doths, of excellent quality— worked up cr and contain all the new fg^ :• ;•. : . -, : ' - : f&. " > *
jj» ft|v7W by sone of our best men tailors during a wrinkles that custom tailors «Bk£' : *'' •'; ■.'''■'■ : : "^^a*-*^ '-^ '*
*' y^A^^ rt " n£ Iul1 in business i instcad ot are putting into their best JBM*--" *^'7 H
* Av VNlVOv ■ Sl0 ' 5 °' tHi rri " $16*75 garments. The materials are ' *
S /' \ \ \\\v\ ' homespuns, Z^Srw' :: i ' *~4r **
* I V. \ \\\\\ I Coh Samnte Skirts worsteds, twetds, chev- S^^ W&-^ fr ~^M> <
*' '\ i it \ \ 1 IP V ' *- >afe ° afIf / Ife OfCfir ** iot?, cassimeres and . M "' " ' I xk •«
**» 1 V J<k \ \wi&J To^Jay only, while the quantity finished surface worsteds. The || ' " \%\ #
If / ** s l V ll/^ lasts (about 50 of them); worth up to patterns embrace plaids, overplaids, **
fc" I \J)j 11/ $12.50 each, not one worth und:r check?, strire*, etc. All hand- WP^W&F^'"'' -'"J T
*^ \^v l\ I // 1 8.00; most of them are walking made, hand padded shoulders and I M^^^••-•J 5
St >f // length'; a few for dress wear— new shape-retaining fcontt, handsomely f^'V-^^ " v* '*
jg , 'materia's and new cuts, of course — lined. There are no better valuss l : h?^\S@ •• : *> w
S ff-™©3lf they are samples; £*g+ £-*% th an thesr at the # -g%tt Y^MW'^Hx *
J V ' "'lilllilli) / sale price. . ■ . prics §S5*UU \#0§ H ; t ' X
Jf ■—-— -y TT M " IM "Sr^r™^ Men's Trousers— 1904 models, l^ : -^Jf H "'-^ 2
*•* The NeW UOiiar Shifts new Scotch trouserings, fancy cas- I^i3 W^A V
I for Spring Are Beauties g^SSJSSS^w [3 Wk 5
If^ Slatej, grays and metallic effects rule this season, and $2mOO t° $8*50 fi< : J »-^ "5
a great many of the new golf and __ mb^^ — — ■ — — — — — l^^j H. \ { -
jf stiff bo:om fhirts come in these ' I^-'? S'^'^
ft[ shades and are relieved by narrow /j9 J&C _ X J 9 W$§ B '"•^ !**
K stripes, dainty figures and spots. jTrZ* f> SJr^M^y/^Stk'A' M * *'**&> At?V S Vl-- '%
i Of course there are plenty of the i^Gfj/j^jfT/JIIJff JLg M* "3
Si white grounds, with stripss, spots Vgr B M &*>S^S § Mlrll/ W I'rW&'M MJ}^*, £*.£ '•<
X and Iigure3 fur those who preL-r CALIFORNIA'S LARP.r^T- iiMlTi- - 111 *" ~ *-^*^ gf'P "^
J '^ | GRANDEST STORE ___J '^
FAVORS PUNCHBOWL CRATER
AS A SITE FOR A BATTERY
Colonel John McClcUan Advises With
Governor Carter on Question of Ha
waiian Island Defenses. vvf^V;
HONOLULU, Feb. 25. — Colonel John
McClellan, commander of the United
States military division of Honolulu
is discussing with Governor Carter the
advisability of placing a battery of
the largest guns on the Punchbowl
crater, close behind the city of Hono
lulu. It is reported that consideration
of this plan may be recommended, in
stead of the recent suggestions of the
army board for a general line of shore
fortifications, on account of the Punch
bowl forts being quicker of completion
and more effective than long-range de
fenses along the ocean.
There is a scarcity of Japanese rice
in Honolulu and the dealers will be
obliged to make importations from the
United States.
The price of saki, the popular Jap
anese drink, is rising on account of
scant supply. It is said that Califor
nia wine may be substituted for saki.
STORM FROM, THE SOUTH
FLOODS HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
More Than Twenty Inches of Rain
. Falls in Ten Days and More
Is Expected.
- HONOLULU. Feb. 19.— Following
close upon the heels of a kona, or storm
from the southward, that has hung
over the, islands for ten days, another
kona is' promised by the local weather
sharp. Within a week more than twen
ty inches of rain has fallen and there
is not a , dry spot in sight yet. / The
steamer Gaelic caught the storm com
ing down from the coast and took more
than seven days, to- make the trip. All
the island steamers report very bad
weather and; in many instances they
were ■ unable to land passengers or
freight. ; Several sailers have been hur
ried along from Newcastle, and they,
all report the worst of weather. The
storm center has varied from southeast
to southwest. '-— •- — _^_
Chinese in South Africa.
LONDON, Feb. 25.— The Right Rev.
Joseph C. Hartzell, missionary Bishop
of the Methodist Episcopal church for
Africa, who has just returned from a
tour of the African missions, In deal
ing with the much discussed question
of the Introduction of Chinese labor
Into the Transvaal says: "In order to
mee't the unusual emergency, I see
nothing for It but the importation^of
Chinese under strict regulations pro
viding for their eventual return to
China."
Will Take Up Wood Case Monday.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25. — An agree
ment has been reached between Sena
tors Foraker and Blackburn to take
up the question of the confirmation of
General Leonard Wood Monday next
and continue it until disposed of.
AJVEBTISETVrRNTa.
BJli W^ S ifS^ * s *^ e °^ *^ c household, for withont
Ji& Hal? «if 7^Sk it no happiness can be complete. How
Ilia Heiy f if BlLjfl sweet the picture of mother and babe,
'™I»HHf B y$i$r angels smile, at and commend the
IB M /OV B iffifty mm thoughts and aspirations of the mother
sHa Pirn fl Hi™ kL b^ding over the cradle. The ordeal through
I&l H fl *1 m Wk W^ "N'hich the expectant mother must pass, how-
l|f \§Jjr f] Hg ever > is so fuU of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and ' -^ , m . „___ ■■
great crisis in perfect safety m^ r
and without pain. Sold at $z.oo per B3E3Bfr B S^l F&fil FESS
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless 0T gOr | ||7 Hi jT|i
value to all women sent free. Address IP glia m H B^H Mil
QRABFIBJt REGULATOR CO* Atim*M. Qm. ■ DBl iBllif
Petroleum Production Increases.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— The Cen
sus Bureau to-day issued a prelimi
nary report on the production of crude
petroleum in the United States during
the calendar year 1902. It shows a
total product of 89,275,302 barrels of
forty-two gallons each, valued at $71.
397,739, against 35,163.513 barrels,
valued at $26,963,340. as reported by
the eleventh census, which covered the
year 1899.
Petrcske Brothers Punished.
KISHENEV, Russia, Feb. 25. — Two
brothers named Petreske -were tried
here to-day, charged with having
taken part in the Jewish massacres.
Each was sentenced to four years*
penal servitude.
CONNEAUT, Ohio. Feb. 25.— Flr« to-day
practically wiped out the business portion of
Conneaut Harbor. Logs, I1CO.000.
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
"V.'hirki'hhi" Boxiug.
BY ALBERT FAYSOX TERHLSB.
>Thl»tlc «'xn*rt NVw York Bvenlnc World,
author of "Mutwle HuUding," etc.)
(CtaVfltefet, 1W1, by Jcseph H. Bowie*.)
Another form of awkwardness in
any boxers Is the inability to rush
ithout leaving face or body exposed.
Terry AlcUovern, when at his best.
was the ideal '"rusher" and perfected
\h* ••whirlwind" style of attack.
With one arm crookVd before him,
bo as to protect th*» head and to knock
.-lside body blows; with the other hand
hammering away like lightning, yet
ever ready to shift in such a way as
to guard while the first hand attacked;
with head down, jaw drawn in, abdo
men drawn back s-o as to render heart
and wind almost inaccessible; with
THE -WHIRLWIND" STYLE.
body crouched yet not enough to pre
vent perfect agility, he would bore
away at an opponent, enveloping him
in a veritable shower of blows, yet al
most never leaving himself open to
counter attack.
Quickness, incessant motion-, good
balance, accuracy, impetus and a brain
uneonfused are the chief requisites for
running. The man who rushes blind
ly, swinging his arms like flails, and
who thinks that is boxing, is sadly
mistaken and usually pays dearly for
'-he Llunder.
In rushing more than at any other
time a man needs all his coolness and
skill. For he is courting attack and
he cannot hope to be as thoroughly
protected as when he is on the defen
sive.
When a man rushes you keep cool;
guard, sidestep and when necessary
give ground. But always be on the
lookout for an opening; never let the
assailant "get you going" by rushing
you off your feet. Remember that
when he is attacking the advantage
rests with you as long as you can
spy out and take advantage of all
openings and as long as your footwork
is clever enough to keep you out of
harm's way.
Other things being: equal, the ad-
"SPARRING FOR WIND."
vantage In boxing usually rests . with
the heavier of the two contestants. He
can put greater weight into his blows,
his rushes carry heavier weight (and
thus more force), and when on the
defensive he can often stop a lighter
antagonist's rush. By a sort of com
pensation the lighter of two boxers is
nearly always the quicker and thus
the contest becomes one of weight vs.
speed. Such was the fight in which
Corbett conquered Sullivan. Such, on
the other hand, was the fight wherein
the heavier Jeffries defeated Corbett.
Often In a friendly bout a man will
tire, will receive a blow that temporar
ily weakens or wearies him, or will
get out of breath. The thing to do at
such a Juncture is to "spar for wind"—
in other words, to keep the other; man
off with as few motions as possible,
resting solely on the defensive eifcept
Tor such feints as may serve to avert
a rush or a dangerous lead. Take
things easily, resting as much as possi
ble, yet keeping your I oe sX * distance
until the desired strength or speed is
restored.
There are several ways in which this
may be accomplished. It is best, of
course, not to let your opponent see
that that you are in distress. Keep on
the defensive, give ground if he rushes,
try to hold him at long range. All the
time breathe slowly in steady, deep
respirations (through the nostrils, with
lips closed), and resting as much as
you can the tired muscles. •
If you are in good condition you will
quickly regain strength and breath
enough to enable you to finish the
round. Often both men will become
simultaneously fatigued and will by
tacit mutual consent spar for wind un
til they are once more in shape for
active work.
• • •
Boys often weary their arms unneces
sarily in boxing by keeping the fists
tightly clinched all the time. This puts a
constant and needless strain on the
fingers and forearm. There is no excusa
for this.
Keep the hands half-open, or only
lightly clinched, except when actually
leading. Then close the fist just before
the blow lands. In this way you add
a certain degree of force to your blow
and miss much fatigue incident on
muscles too long left tense.
When you are rushed and are forced
to give ground d6 not let your desire to
get out of reach render you careless of
balance. In retreat, as well as In at
tack, balance is the foromost requisite.
If you are not careful your balance will
depart, you will shuffle awkwardly on
feet that are too near together and you
will in this attitude lose all chanqe of
landing a powerful blow, such as might
stop your opponent's rush, for with the
feet together and the body bent back
ward there remains little force to go
into a lead. While you can still keep
your feet in correct position and retain
a balance that will let you counter
heavily should the opportunity- arise,
you are not in any great danger from
the rush of the strongest, heaviest an
tagonist. Once lose your poise and bal
ance, however, and a child can upset
you.
Do not through fear or strategy fall
into the frequent error of turning your
back on your opponent during his
rush. Do not turn your back, for that
matter, at any stage of the bout.
I have seen many a beginner turn
sideways or half way around and let
a blow fall on back or shoulders in
stead of troubling himself to guard it
with his arms. I have seen far more
so-called boxers who, hard pressed.
turned their backs on their opponents,
doubtless in the belief that the latter
would not strike them there.
Now, this is cowardice and meanness
combined. There is no law in the an
nals of boxing which prohibits a man
from striking his opponent on the back.
If your opponent turns his back on you
hit his back as hard as you choose to.
You are taking no unfair advantage
of him in doing this. It will also teach
him to face you in future.
While we are on the subject of faulty
form let me warn you against one of
the commonest and worst faults in box
ing, the fault known as "snapping
back." It has ruined the form of many
a man and is fatally easy to acquire.
"Snapping back" is merely an ex
aggeration of the maxim: "Lead and
then get back on guard." The ideal
boxer delivers his blow and then brings
his arm back to "guard" as rapidly as
possible. But before he draws back his
arm he makes sure that the. blow is
fully delivered; that all the force and
reach which were to go into it have
been used.
Sometimes a man, in his haste to re
turn to guard, leads and before the
blow has fairly landed whips back his
arm. The blow does not travel Its full
length. It gets none of the force from
body and shoulder. It is a poor, nerve
less imitation of a blow. While every
by^Jaw.of boxing demands that the arm
return as quickly as possible to first
position as soon as a blow is delivered,
every by-law also forbids "snapping
back."
Nervousness, awkwardness and (In
rare instances) cowardice are contrib
utory causes to this habit. It is to be
avoided, even at the cost of speed and
at the risk of a return blow.
His Maiden Effort.
All hands were making political
speeches in the House the other after
noon when a Representative, making
his maiden speech, shot off a few
rhetorical fireworks for Judge Parker
of New York.
"Parker, Parker," said the crushing
Grosvenor of Ohio, In a musing tone,
getting to his feet and stroking his
Santa Claus beard reflectively. "Seems
to me that I've heard that name be
fore somewhere. Do you mean Judge
Parker of Xew York?"
"That's whom I mean," promptly
replied the young: man making his
maiden speech.
"Um — exactly," said Grosvenor.
"By the way, what's Judge Parker's
first name?"
The new Representative flushed and
started to stammer some reply. An
old-timer In a scat some distance be
hind the new man made a funnel of
his hands and tried to whisper the
name "Alton" to the new man. but
Grosvenor of Ohio saw this move.
"Hey, no coaching or offside plays!"
he demanded. "Now," turning to the
new Representative again, "what'B
Judge Parker's first name, -hey? Seems
to me that It's reasonable to expect
you to know the name of the man
you're booming for President of the
United States, isn't It? .What his first
name, anyhow?"
The new Representative made some
floundering reply to the general ef
fect that Judge Parker's first name
didn't make any difference, etc., but
he failed to get a^ay with iL The
House roared and presently the new
Representative brought his talk to an
abrupt close and sat down, looking
flabbergasted. — Omaha Bee.
Rev. Dr. Thirdly — Young man, don't
you know there is no such thing as a
certainty?
The Gambler— Say, partner. I reckon
you nevtr ran a shell game.— Boston
Herald
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; N FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26! 1004.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA'LL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS* Proprietor .... . . ... .Address All Communications . to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <J^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
FRIDAY • •'. • • • • • FEBRUARY 26. 1004
THE CANAL TREATY.
WHEN the Panama revolution occurred, and the
canal treaty followed. The Call predicted that
the treaty would be ratified, and would be sup
ported by Democrats in the Senate. From the begin
ning it was known that fifteen Senators of. that party
would support it. Yet Mr. Gorman, with his force di
vided in halves, sought to make a party question. of it, to
put the administration in what the politicians call "a
hole." Since then the republic of Panama has made a
constitution and elected a national government to admin
ister it, and now the treaty is ratified, fifteen Democrats
voting for it.
Thus, the second attempt during this Congress to
make an issue against Roosevelt has failed. The minor
ity in each case has furnished support to his plans and
policies which were attacked, and the expected issue has
goiic glimmering to the limbo of failures. What is the
logical conclusion from this situation? Can it be other
than that the President is really representative of the
hopes and aspirations of the American people? The
canal treaty was supported by a public sentiment so
overwhelming that the minority felt it and could not
stand up against it. Of course, wisdom would have
dictated agreement with that sentiment in the first place,
to the end that such a project as the canal might be be
gun and finished '{without a tinge of partisanship. But
the President has been sustained, and public sentiment
has been saluted by half of the Democratic Senators.
While Senator Gorman made a capital mistake, he is
not the object of amusement. The simian feature in 'the
whole affair is furnished by Mr. William Randolph
Hearst, who hastens to say in his newspapers that the
fifteen Senators, in supporting the . administration,
obeyed his instructions! Yet in his papers of the oth of
last November he said: "Would Theodore Roosevelt
have dared to act toward Great Britain as he has toward
Colombia? What excuse can be offered for this astound
ing crime? None that any honest man will accept. If
President Roosevelt shall be sustained in this Panama
crime by his party, then his party would sustain him in
any freebooting foray against the lands and sovereignty
of our weaker neighbors, that might be agreeable to the
wishes and interests of such other aggregations of
greedy speculators as we see collected in and around the
rotten and scandal-coated French Panama Company.
The honor of the United States has been dragged in the
mud of Panama."
Now the President is sustained by both parties, and
Mr. William Randolph Hearst rushes into the glare of
the footlights shouting: "I did it. The Democratic Sen
ators followed my plan and voted my sentiments!" It
is amusing and at the same time disgusting. None will
resent it more than the Democratic Senators who had
their way to doing right made harder by the unscrupu
lous falsehoods of the man who claims them as his pup
pets.
The unpartisan feeling of the President and his desire
to put ; the construction in first-class control, regardless
of party, have been shown by his selection of commis
sioners.
Mr. William Randolph Hearst is now exclaiming in
poster type. "Mr. Roosevelt, build that canal." There is
no doubt that he will. He has begun the great
work, and the people will see to it that it is left in his
hands far toward its conclusion. When it .is finished, the
people will read, perhaps, in some crippled weekly news
paper, a feeble shout from Mr. Hearst, "I did it,"- and
then the country will grin. 4
The ratification of the treaty is preliminary to the
country's ratification of President Roosevelt next No
vember. If the Southern people are wise they will make
this the occasion for differentiating their local from their
national politics, and will join in this ratification. The
canal has long been the dream of their section. It has a
vast and valuable relation to their future prosperity.
They have more interest in it than the rest of the coun
try, because their necessities are greater. It is a great
national work, that should mark the final disappearance
of all issues that have their radix in the Civil War. Why
embarrass it by making an attempt to change the ad
ministration, which will fail, any way?
It is felt that if the South voted as her interests dic
tate, as the prosperity of her people requires, and as the
needs of development of her resources demand, she
would add largely to the electoral vote of President
Roosevelt. The present Democracy having ceased to be
a proper instrument of the public will, why not end the
faction fights which distract it, by completely evaporat
ing it as a political force, in the expectation that it will
reprecipitate in a more useful form?
The Grand Jury has commenced an inquiry to deter
mine to what extent and by whom the Almshouse has
been cheated of supplies and provisions ordered for the
proper conduct of the institution by the city authorities.
It is better late than never/ perhaps, for our governing
commissions to discover that nobody is so poor that he
may not be robbed.
HOSPITAL CARS.
THE CALL has often suggested that means be
sought to isolate from other passengers con
sumptives who travel to seek relief by
change of climate. The enormous increase of this
disease in the East, following the annual win
ter epidemic of grip and pneumonia in that re
gion, has caused a corresponding increase in the num
ber, of victims who seek relief on the hot deserts of New
Mexico. Arizona and Southern California. As it seems
to be settled that the disease is spread by infection, the
dried sputum in Pullman cars presents a real danger that
makes travel in them unpleasant' to a great many
healthy people.
Human sympathy is never withheld from consump
tives, but this only adds to the tension and discomfort of
traveling in the same cars with them. To meet the
growing difficulty, the Santa Fe road is having con
structed proper and well equipped hospital cars, in which
consumptive travelers will enjoy all that is had in first
class Pullmans, and also find such- other facilities and
comforts as their condition requires. These cars will
run to such points in, New Mexico, Arizona and Southern
California as are the objective of these unfortunate trav
elers.
The statistics show that on the hot* and drjf deserts
consumption is greatly mitigated, and when the patient
has the resolution to adhere to a proper use of the desert
air and sunshine it is wholly cured. It is gratifying
that in our country there are these desert regions, other
wise not useful to man, in which this dreadful disease
may be cured. All over the East the faces of the victims
are turned to the desert, where lies their hope' of life.
But mingling with other, travelers in transit- is also be
coming a reason for the restraint of healthy tourist
travel to Pacific Coast points, which are now more
sought than the French and Italian Riviera for rest and
•recreation in a clement climate during the winter
months. As- those who come here in health to escape
the winter diseases of the East which lead to consump
tion in a manner insure themselves against an attack, it
is plain that California climate is useful in restricting
the disease. If, however, great risk of infection is in
curred en. route, this travel will not come.
There may be an- initial difficulty in restricting con
sumptive travel to the new cars. In this much assistance
can be given by the medical profession in the East.
Physicians will see the obvious advantage of such cars
for their patients who are seeking relief by change of
location. It- is probable that the Santa Fe and other
roads which adopt the system will find it advantageous
to supply a physician also to attend to patients en route,
and finally it will doubtless be found that the patients
themselves will prefer the isolation and advantages of
the new system.
California will give .the Santa Fe great credit for in
augurating this system, since we need the removal of
every possible impediment in the way of travel to our
State. A policy that serves suffering humanity, protects
the. healthy from infection and promotes our material
welfare by removing an objection to travel is most en
terprising and praiseworthy, and its success will : be
promoted by every encouragement our . people can
render. /
Through the establishment of a correspondence
school the University of California 'hopes to make out
of the good farmers of the State a corps of conscien
tious students. If the wise men of Berkeley can now
only see their way clear to work out the reverse proposi
tion and make a few farmers out of their many students
a very serious problem will have been solved for Cali
fornia.
THE SUNDAY CALL'S POLICY.
FOLLOWING its policy of giving its /eaders the
latest and best literature in the world, The Sunday
Call paid $iooo to secure the exclusive rights to
"To-morrow's Tangle" in the West. . It will be published
complete in five successive installments, beginning next
Sunday, February 28. This is really a remarkable offer,
for this book cannot be bought elsewhere, in any form,
for five times what it will cost in The Sunday
Call, which gives in addition to this exclusive novel
many other brilliant features besides.
In "To-morrow's Tangle" Geraldine Bonner, the clever
California author, has written a novel as strong, as tense,
as thrillingly dramatic and as thoroughly Californian as
"The Octopus," with which Frank Norris amazed the
world a few years ago. Indeed, "To-morrow's Tangle,"
which is a brand new book just off the presses, bids fair
to become vastly more popular, because not only all the
people in this almost historical drama but all the places
wherein'they love and hate and' fight their public and
private battles are known. .. - j t
It is a story of the early pioneers and their children,
brought right down" to date, but so entirely different are
the scenes and incidents from anything ever written be
fore, with the history and development of California as a
background, that this story ranks at once as a unique
and distinct creation.
The prologue, with its death and birth on the scorch
ing desert — its outrageous trade in wives and horses by
the Mormon, who afterward becomes a "bonanza king,"
and the primitive marriage in a blizzard, will grip the
heart through every word.
Indeed it is an intimate knowledge of the characters
and the circumstances of their lives that enhances an ap
preciation of the intensely dramatic and delightfully
human qualities of this book. Mariposa's rehearsal at
the Grand Opera-house and her bitter love scenes in
Golden Gate Park, the stirring tragedy in the million
aire's home in Menlo Park, the meeting between Mari
posa and the Mormon's second wife in the mansion on
Nob Hill, the strange discovery of the millionaire's son
in the photograph gallery on Post street, Mariposa's
fight with Essex in the rain on Sutter street, and her
thrillingly pathetic plight in the old garden on Russian
Hill are vivid — almost too realistically vivid. And yet
they are only incidents in a wonderfully well rounded
volume.
Among other brilliant, features, for instance, there is
"The Human Halra7' written by the Queen of Roumania,
an article that is as beautiful as it is strange in concep
tion.
Then there is an article that shows the. incredible de
velopment of Japan since her wonderful awakening in
186S from the despotic rule of the Shogun, the military
usurper, whd kept the Mikado practically a prisoner
through the force of arms, and who made a treaty with
Commodore Perry in his own name instead of the Em
peror's, which endured for fourteen years without Amer
ica or any of the allied nations becoming the wiser.
Add to this the "Brownie and the Bolo,'*"vrhich is one
of the most interesting of the photographic features of
the St. Louis 'World's Fair. "A Bill From Tiffany's," by
Edwin Lefevre. "The Weakness of an Amazon," by
Troy Allison, the*- full page photograph of the March
Calendar Girl, "The Latest in Traveling Equipment,"
etc., etc., and there is a truly excellent magazine."
A local physician, testifying in a murder case the
other day, declared that he knew of a doctor who while
insane for a year practiced his profession with customary
success. v This startling announcement- of the man of
pills and pellets is to be applauded for its frankness.
Most of us knew that something was wrong somewhere,
but now we have a flooding light of revelation. The
medico of whom the witness spoke is probably not
unique.;
. In the general unrest that is sweeping throughout Eu
rope because of the .war in the Far East there are signs
that- the Finns may rise against their Russian oppressors
and strike a blow for. freedom. Perhaps of all the mod
ern races of the world that have felt the heel of tyranny
the Finns deserve mo§t the sympathy, of free people.
Progressive, loyal, peaceable, they have been creatures
of monstrous governmental malice.
France has decided for herself the very impor
tant question whether or not Japan gave violence to the
laws of nations by the attack upon the Russian boats at
Chemulpo. Meanwhile the rest of us^are trying to* de
termine whether/our congratulation shall be extended
to. the Japanese, for the thoroughness of their victory or
to th"e Russians for their splendid example of ! patriot
ism and heroism .
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
"It would not surprise me in the
least," said a prominent lawyer toe
other day to a number of attorneys
with whom he was enjoying lunch, "to
see the Japs whip the Russians. I, or
rather my wife, had an experience the
other day wjth one of the little brown
men that caused me to think that they
are a great people.
"It was last Saturday, I think, that
my wife sent o*ut to a Jap hou3e clean
ing establishment for a man to do
some window washing and other little
things about the house. A neat and
natty little chap came over. It was
Just at 2 o'clock when he started in
and by 4 he had the work finished. My
wife paid him the half dollar he de
manded, and was so pleased at the way
he worked that she told him to sit
down and take a little lunch of pre
serves and cakes. He accepted the in
vitation with a smile and a 'thank you,'
and for fifteen minutes was busy with
the edibles. When he got through my
wife showed him to the door. She was
greatly surprised when he seemed re
luctant to leave and almost fainted
when he demanded 10 cents.
"'What for?' she said. 'I paid you
50 cents for two hours' work. You
c-nly charge 25 cents an hour."
."'Yes,' said the Jap; 'him all right:
but I stay fifteen minutes kitchen. Boss
no pay me to eat.* "
Grateful Recognition.
It is an old saying among raift-oad
men that they know when everything
is going along all right from the mere
fact that no complaints are received.
They do not expect and rarely receive
praise from the public they serve, but
they are pretty certain to hear of it
when things so wrong. It must there
fore have been very gratifying to our
Southern Pacific friends when the pas
senger department in this city received
the following resolution, dated Sacra
mento, February 18, voted for and
signed by every passenger on the train
that had been detained by the washouts
south of Ashland:
"Be it resolved by the passengers on
the extra late No. 15 train from Ash
land to San Francisco, that it is the
unanimous opinion of all passengers
that they have been treated with ex
ceeding good courtesy and the best pos
sible service by all officials, conductors
and trainmen, and we especially thank
Pullman Conductor L. P. Bradley for
his kind and efficient care and atten
tion during the entire trip, and espe
cially on account of the consideration
of the company to the traveling public
during the delay caused by landslides,
washouts, etc., of this special trip."
Modern Life Savers.
They were evidently from up in the
valley — that, old man" with the long
linen- duster and the bright-eyed lit
tle chap who sat by his side upon the
deck of the ferrv-boat. This was ob
viously the first trip to the city which
either of the twain had ever enjoyed,
though the old gentleman tried to look
unconcerned.
As the boat slipped swiftly past
Goat Island the sharp eyes of the
youngster spied the big red buoys
which were scattered about the dock
near the lighthouse.
"Oh, pa, see them punkins! They
don't raise them so big as that back
in Capay."
"No, m'son, them ain't punkins."
The old man put on a wise look while
he stroked his gray whiskers reflect
ively. "Y'see, them Is the life-savin"
contraptions which they carries on the
decks of steamboats. If the boat gets
wrecked out in the ocean the passen
gers throw them over into the sea and
clings to them until they is picked up.
"But I du say," mused the gentle
man from Capay, "that I shouldn't
think them would be the most corn
fable things in the world to sit on
durin' a ragin' storm with the waves
swashin' some."
In Winter.
In winter, when the nights are long,
I sit and dream before the fire;
My heart Is light, my love is strong
For books, near friends that never tire,
In winter, when the nights are long.
I read from eve till midnight comes;
I stir my soul with history;
My spirit tnen with heroes roams;
I quaff of poets' mystery
From out the worn beloved tomes.
In winter, when the nights are long,
When lamp burns bright, and fir«
burns low,
I hear again full many a song.
And voices out of the long ago.
In winter, when the nights are long.
Loved poems! Ah! how sweet you seem
Ballade, rondeau arjd villanelle;
Before the glow I sit and dream.
Your music casts o'er me its spell.
As shadows dance and embers gleam.
In winter, when the nights are long,
I revel. Some the summer praise.
It* gentle brerze. its sunlight strong;
But let mo dedicate my lays
To Winter, when the nights are long.
— Francis Lee, in the Booklover.
'A Novel Pozver Scheme.
It is believed that berore very long
the famous Dead Sjea will ba exploited
for industrial purposes. French, engi
neers ar« at work on three different
projects with this purpose in view. Ac
cording to the Boston Transcript, the
level of the Dead Sea being more than
1300 below that of the Mediterranean
and Red seas, It is thought by con
necting either of these two seas by
means of a canal with the Red Sea a
stream of water would flow with a
velocity, calculated to produce some
25,000 horsepower. There is no danger,
it is asserted, of an overflowing of the
Dead Sea, for the waterfe there evap
orate at so grsat a rate (6,000.000 tons
a day) that the Incoming waters would
make no appreciable difference in the
level. One project is to start the canal
from the Bay. of Acre, read It south
ward past Mount Tabor, and let it Join,
at ; Eaisan. the waters of the Jordan.
Another plan is to build the canal along
the railway line from Jaffa to Jerusa
lem. But this would mean blasting a
tunnel of some thirty-seven miles
through the mountains of Old Judea.
The third project, the cheapest, pro
poses to start -at Akaba. in the Red
Sea,\and pass through the desert of
Wady-el-Jebek Having obtained pow-
er in this manner, it is thought many
Industrial works would bs carried on.
The Prize Burglar.
A Paris paper takes note of a re»
markable type of criminal ir> the fol
lowing article:
"Laurent Delarue, a criminal, who
robbed on so large a scale and with
such method and resources as to win
for himself the title of 'King of the
Burglars*,' was brought up for trial
to-day before the Seine-et-Olse Court,
charged with a large number of
thefts in various parts of the coun
try. *
"Delarue graduated in his profes
sion by a systematic course of educa
tion, working for some years an a safe
maker and afterward as a locksmith.
Having thus acquired much valuable
technical knowledge, he took up hla
quarters at Sartrouville, a village ten
miles from Paris, and raided houses
in every direction. Pome 500 or S00
robberies are put down to him and
over 1500 witnesses can be called if
necessary.
"One night he broke into a small
railway station near Dieppe, wrenched
away the little safe from its fastenings,
and. hoisting it on his shoulders, pro
ceeded to a neighboring field to break
open and ransack it at his leisure.
"A villager who caught sight of him
from his window called upon him. to
stop, but Delarue paid no heed to him.
Thereupon the peasant fetched his gun
and fired both barrels at the robber.
The bullets, however, flattened them
selves against the safe, and Dolarue.
dropping his burden, made for the
railway station at Auppray, which ha
pillaged thoroughly."
Coal for Luck.
Recently a burglar in an English Po
lice Court was found to carry a piece
of cc-al in his pocket "for luck." Many
English criminals think coal carried
about with them gives good fortune.
A belief in coal as a talisman is said
to have been held by the early Britona,
and it is frequently found in their bu
rial places converted into personal or
naments, such as beads. Believers in
dreams maintain that to dream of coal
is a certain sign of coming riches.
Then, too, there was a famous specu
lum, or mirror of divination — that
caused a great sensation in the six
teenth century — of Dr. Dee, which was
formed of cannel coal, though the doc
tor pretended to have received it from
the angels.
'Ans7iers to Queries.
AMERICAN ARTISTS— A. T. P..
City. The address of the secretary of
the Society of American Artists is 215
"West Fifty-seventh street. New York
City; Henry Prellwitz, secretary.
ST. LOUIS FAIR-jOld Subscriber,
Sebastopol, Cal. The Call will publish
all the news of the world's fair at St.
Louis and will give data as to the at
tendance when the exposition opens.
CENTER OF POPULATION — A.
E. S., San Jose. Cal. The center of
population in the United States ac
cording to the latest census la six
miles southeast of Columbus, Ind. At
the time of the taking of the previous
census it was twenty miles east of the
same city.
THOMAS CADY— A. O. C, Vallejo,
Cal. This department has no informa
tion as to where He the remains of
Thomas Cady, a former resident of
Vallejo, if he • Is dead, who ' was re
ported to have been drowned from off
the Frisbie, to have been murdered by
Greek fishermen and to have been
shanghafed to Scotland.
CONFEDERATE HALVES— A. E. S.,
San Jose, Cal. When the State of
Louisiana seceded from the Union. Jan
uary 26. 1861, It seized the mint at "New
Orleans, In which there were thou
sands of dollars' worth of gold and
silver. The State issued Jointly with
the Confederate Government $254,820 In
$20 geld pieces and $1,100,316 50 in silver
half dollars, using the United States
die of 1861.
CLOTURE — A. E. S.. San Joae, Cal.
Closure of cloture is a method for clos
ing dfebate in parliamentary assem
blies, tile use of which is analogous to
that of the previous question in Amer
ican deliberative bodies. In the
French Chamber of Deputies the
president is to take the sense of the
chamber before pronouncing the clos
ing of debate. If the cloture is op
posed only a single speech against it
is allowed. The cloture being once
pronounced no further debate la al
lowed. In the English Parliament the
previous Question does not have, as
in the United States, the effect of sup
pressing all further debate on the
main question. When means for this
purpose were first adopted the name
closure or cloture was adopted from
the French. In the 8th of the new
rules of the British Parliament. Feb
ruary 9. 1831, power was given the
Speaker of the House of Commons to
close debate. Under the rules adopted
November, 18S2, It v.as first used in
Parliament February 20, 1S84.
Townsenel's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxea. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market *t.. above Call bid*. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Itfala 1041 *ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROOF OF PUBLIC CONFIDENCE HjJlJJ - -, JJJIQJ 656 31160 SIGNIFICANT FACTS
The Number of Policies in force is greater than that of .. '. ' .. This Company's Policy-claims paid in 1903
any other Company in America and greater than that of all V averaged in number one for each minute and a third
the Regular Life Insurance Companies put together (less one) of each business day of 8 hours each, and, in amount,
and can only be appreciated by comparison. It is a greater fe^ $89.00 a minute the year through.
nec™^ De°la- L^H^^J^^^^^^te^ K THE DMLY aVeRAGE OF THE COMPANY'S
ware, Florida, Colorado, Oregon, Washington,' Wyoming, BUSINESS DURING 1903 WAS:
Nevada, Montana, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, i^^^M^^^ffifl Sl™8^^P^^S^^W • 35d P cr da y in Number of Claims Paid.
Utah, Alaska, Arizona, New Mexico, District of Columbia, tSWffii^^P^'i lipl^lS^iftfeSS^iwtt 6,297 per day in Number of Policies Issued. .'
Indian Territory, Oklahoma, Hawaii; or as to CITIES it $1,303,559.08 per day in New Insurance Written.
This Company has more premium-paying business S^^BSH^SHB 5 5 853,841.18 per day in Increase of Assets.
and for each of the last 10 years has had more New LSJ^^^^^^^^^^P^S^^^^^^^^^^^^^Jl^^fe^S^p^ Income in 1903 ; 849,887,804.11
Insurances accepted and issued than any other Company Gain over 1902 6,551,520.50
in the World. - -a—^f» v - ~-=3si r , , . , Asset increase in 1903 . . 16,475.402.61
Largest Office Bolldlos io rbe World — Madison ATebue, Fourth Aveoue, 23rd Street and 24 th Street, New York Glty. I . -.
HOn/lEl OFFICE OF irjE ~ -
J&L t '• (INCORPORATED BY THE STATE OF NEW YORK;
__^^ The Company OF the People, BY the People, FOR the People
ASSETS ' O* r^ICEIvJSt
Paid to Policyholders since Organization, plus (jJ'J 5 Q *J A g ft/CO QA Number of Policies *J C^^ 01 C John r. Hegeman, HaieyFiske,
United States, City and R. R. the Amount now Invested for their Security, <pLOO*LyO*y\)O*O^ in Force . . . I •OLO*7lO g J T " iUnl n^ r . n ™+»» u ? t -
Rnnd« -nH Stnrlc S4B 17? an 07 t 7 7, 7 7 George H. Gaston, George B. Woodward,
--iHi 1 . : : : "S f=r:r"!$l,342,381,457.00 f=!, o K'!~$398,889,074.00 &M% fillf
Real Estate ....... 14,835,140.61 " " " 7 " James S. Roberts, John R. Hegeman, Jr.,
f. c u «;7niT5non In its Ordinary Department policies are issued for from $1,000 to $1,000,000 on individual lives, w „. secretary- • Mutumtsee.
Lasn :uui,^u.yu „ prer niums payable annually, semi-annually and quarterly. In its Industrial Department c^^Aut sec *££«/*.
Loans to Poiicynolders ... 1,850,144.14 . policies are issued on all the insurable members of the family for weekly premiums. Stewart L. Woodford, Thomas H. wniard, M.D.,
Premiums, deferred, and in course this company's policies are plain business contracts which tell their whole story upon. their face; leave Au . ustus s kShw d w s MannerfMD^ 0 ''
Cf Collection (Net) . . . 3,000,401 30^ NOTHING TO THE IMAGINATION; BORROW NOTHING FROM HOPE; REQUIRE DEFINITE CONDITIONS •. B * Mefual Director. ' ' Anuulacal Director.
Arrnipri InfprPQt R P nt~ #»tr fi7Q ?Q» 11 AND MAKE DEFINITE PROMISES IN DOLLARS AND CENTS. . E. M. Holden, M. D.,
ALUULJ iniUCbl, tVtnia, CIC . , O/y,iyo.ji , , -,—- ; ■ ■■ ■— Ant. /.UMcal Director.
$105 - 656 - 311 - 60 RECORD OF GROWTH IN TEN YEAR-PERIODS u.*,^*,^
TTAUTT T*3*1IP<C INCOME, ASSETS SURPLUS POLICIES IN FORCE OUTSTANDING INSURANCE D1KJ!*N/ 1 Ul\dS
UAWLXTIW • 1883—82,082,619.05 $2,186,622.24 $627,368.24 531,048 $63,425,107.00—1883 John R. Hegeman, Silas B. Dutcher,
Reinsurance Fund and Special • | 1893— 15,216,236.65 • 19,343,705.06 4,109,689.92 2,940,226 ' 353,177,217.00-1893 S^"c Se, Joseph *p. Knak
Reserves ...... §9^,008,251.00 1903—49,887,804.11 105,656,311.60 10,691,872.56 7,523,915 1,342,381,457.00—1903 HaieyFiske, George h. Gaston,
AH Other Liabilities .... 956,188.04 tf ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '"'" ' ' ' ' "'" ' ' ft Stewart L. Woodford, Benjamin DeF. Curtiss,
Capital a,* Surplus . . . . 10,691.872.56 PACIFIC COAST HEAD OFFICE SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. *|§1|$S| S^^S«rf,
$105,656,311.60 I Hay ward Building. California and Montgomery Streets, San ALBERT »• .HARWOOD, RUDOLPH C. SCHAFFTER. s.a.uei S. B=.^ John R. Hegeman, Jr.,
( Francisco. C.I. FREDERICK P. TAYLOR. Manager. ™Ca.l O^TS S ", <i M« t ; k: « .„ ■ M^nisiS^ Tn.m,, G. R..ch.
LAWLESS TELLS
OF COST OF GAS
.
Manager of the Local Corpo
ral ion Claims Product Has
Keen Disposed Of at a Loss
The Supervisors, sitting: as a com
mittee of the whole, resumed the in
quiry regarding the cost of producing
and distributing; gu.s in this city yes
terday with a view of fixing a rate for
the coming year. Supcr%isor Sander
eon presided, and J. F. Lawless, man
ager of the San F'rancisco Gas and
Klectric Company, was interrogated by
Supervisors d'Ancona, Brandenstein
and Braunhart.
Manager Lawless testified that the
company has manufactured very little
coal gas during the last two years, as
it is too expensive. A careful estimate
mado in 18S2 showed that it cost 65.21
'.ents a hundred to produce coal gas
»s agair^t 34 27 cents for water gas.
This estimate included the purchase of
coal, coke and other supplies and wages
of the men ai the works, but did not
include the salaries cf men employed
at the main office. The expenses of
1-roducingr r.if were summarized as fo!-
Jows. in cents:
J<ianiit2.ftTirintK .'#•:.<;:!
iJiftrib;;uon 14,01
office end managemcrt 02.05
Miscellaneous 2ti.7a
Total 78 .41
Manager Lawless stated that during:
li'CZ gas had been said in many in
stances below the cost of production
owing to the close competition. Be
cauF? of this also many repairs which
should have been made were neglected.
Ther* is a floating indebtedness of
$1,000,000 c-n the concern which was
caused by the acquisition of additions
•^ the plant. The last dividend ■ paid
"*V the company was in" December.
When Manager Lawless was asked if
ITEW ADVEBTIEEMENTS.
COLD KTT.I.B TJTE OEEM.
S^irateaant Ferry Sayc There Are No
Bald Beads in the Arctic Kejrion.
The people who come back from Klon-
dike testify to the fact that no native
bald heads are there. The evidence is
that the cold climate kills the grerrnn
that eat the hair off at the root. Lieut.
Perry, who went to the Arctic Regions,
gives the same evidence. Newbro'e Her-
pieide has the same effect as the cold cli-
mate. It kills the germ that eats the
hair off at the roots, and the hair grows
r.g8 in. Herpicide is the first hair remedy
built upon the principle of destroying 1 the
germ that eatf the hair off. It« phenom-
enal pale demonstrates the correctness
of the scalp germ theory. Sold by leading
druprffistH. Sond 10c in stamps for sample
to The- Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich. v
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the ySlj? sfiTft 7~'
Signature of C&a&fc /-&&&/&£
VICTORY WON
OVER A TRUST
United States Circuit Court
Decides Suit in Favor of
Lowry & Daly, Tile Dealers
For the third time in the last six
years the firm of Lowry & Daly, tile,
mantel and grate dealers in this city,
has been awarded a decision over the
firm of W. W. Montague and others.
The last decision was given Wednes
day at Washington, D. C, in the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals.
In 1897 Lowry '& Daly brought
suit against Montague and the Tile,
Mantel and Grate Association on the
ground that it was nothing more or
less than a trust. They further stated
that the association had injured their
trade to a great extent and that ac
cording to what is known as the
"Sherman act" the association was un
lawful.
The Sherman act, which was passed
in IS 90, provides that associations of
the kind are unlawful and that any
person bringing suit against such an
association and proving his case De
given three times the amount shown
to hava been lost, also the expenses
of the suit and lawyers' fees.
, Lowry & Daly were awarded $3000
damages and $750 to cover lawyers'
foos. The defendants claimed that
$7 50 was out of reason and the case
wj)s carried to the Circuit Court of Ap
peals at Washington.
Daly (stated yesterday afternoon that
th^ amount his firm will be given will
approximate 53000, while the expenses
of the suit will be about $10,000.
he knew of a code provision requiring
all tfebts of a corporation to be paid
before a dividend could be declared, he
stated that he had never heard of such
a lav/.
When interrogated regarding the
streets where double mains are in use,
Manager Lawless said that these are
abgc-liitely necessary, as a single main
could 'not carry the gas required. When
the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Cornptiny absorbed the other corpora
tions It simply connected the pipe lines
instead of taking up both and laying
one Ia<Tge new main.
. At present the company Is distrib
uting /one-fortieth of its output at 50
cents (a tht usand, cne-twenty-sixth at
75 cents and the balance at a dollar.
The variation in prices is explained by
the fak:t that it is filling contracts made
by th* Independent Company.
According to Mr. Lawless, the re
turns i for the year were but $374,000,
while 'to make a fair profit on the In
vestment they should be at least $1,300,
000. Hd? further stated that while there
was a \seeming profit during, the last
year there was an actual deficit of
$226,000. 1 The company hopes to make
this' up during the coming, year by an
fncreaeeql output at a fair rate. The
investigation will be resumed this
morning. \
CINCINNATI, Feb. 25.— A special to the
.Times-Star sfrom Kandusky, Ohio, says that
C-.ptain Avery Henderson, well-known In mil
itary - circles! and formerly chairman of the
Republican Executive committee of ■ Ohio, &
resident of Sijtnflusky, was killed yesterday by
• cnowslide a:t Itoosevelt. Idaho.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1904.
RAILROAD MAN IS MULCTED
OF HIS HARD-EARNED COIN
Two Robbers Are Held for Trial Before Superior Courv
for Holding Up a Passer-By— "Open Door" Men receive
Clemency — Burglar With a Bad Name Must Answer
Joseph Joyce makes a living by
screwing up brakes with a baseball
bat on the Southern Pacific freight
trains. When he recreates he walks.
During one of hi3 recreation periods
he^took a passear up Fourth street in
the directiQn of Market. From Town
send-street depot to Market street lie
many joints where steam, beer is
vended.
Joyce fell to them, severally and col
lectively. By the tirne he reached
Mission street he was in an adipose
condition. Two men saw him and
he looked good to them. They took
hold .of him by the two wings and
delved deeply into his ciothes. Alto
gether Joyce lost 520 90. When he
discovered that he was robbed he
made an outcry and Policeman Culli
nane arrested George Garam and
Frank Carroll.
Both defendants were before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and were arraign
ed and instructed. When they were
searched at the City Prison Wednes
day night Garam had a $20 gold piece
deftly hidden in his underclothes and
Carroll held in his vest pocket thv;
missing 90 cents that Joyce alleges
was his property."
Hugh McCaffery is an apostle of
the 'open door" policy. When he
found the room of E. P. Woods with
a swinging portal unbarred by a latch
he entered. The room was at 716%
Folsom street and the sleeper awoke.
McCaffery was willing to plead to
most any old charge when he appear
ed before Judge Conlan yesterday. He
eaid he was drunk when he opened the
door of Woods' room and all 'he want
ed was to lie down and go to the big
rest. All larcenous Intentions were
foreign to his mind.
When he appeared In court yester
day he told such a straight story that
he was dismissed. Woods, who sum
moned a policeman during the inva
sion by McCaffery, was unwilling .to
testify to the burglary charge which
he first preferred.
Vincenso Gionannlni used his name
to break Into the grocery of Matteuci
& Vannuccl at 124 Pacific street. It
was steel cut steel as far as names are
concerned, but Gionannini beat the
firm to the cash register. In the
morn they found silver missing and at
night they lay for the thief. When
Gionannini waded through the black
ness on his last foray one of the part
ners popped up from behind the coun
ter and got a strangle* hold on .the
thief. i\ >
Gionannini was before Judge Fritz
yesterday for his crime and was held
to answer before, the Superor Court
in J3000 ball.
Lena Fargo is a thin little 7 woman
with bad eyes. She was convicted yes
terday in Judge Fritz's court of petty
larceny. In a trusting moment Mr». s
May McMillan turned ' over ~ to : her. a
flat on Market street while she - made
a Journey to the Cast. On her * return
she. missed several valuables and
among them was a bunch of velvet,
purchased at large cost from a prom
inent dry goods house. Only four yards
had been taken* from the piece of cloth
and the crime was petty larceny. If
she had taken the full /bolt it would
have been ] grand larceny in the most
formidable style. :
Miss .Fargo was fined $20 for her
peculation and given the alternative of
spending twenty days in the County
Jail. A spruce mug" stepped forwaid
and laid a shining double eagle on the
clerk's desk, so the woman went free.
John Dowd has a habit of beating
his wife every time he loads up on suds.
Before Judge Conlan yesterday h*
pleaded as an excuse that he was car
rying a Brannigxin and in sober mo
ments he would never lay a thumb on
"the ould woman." Dowd looked bad
to the Judge and he was sent to ths
insane commissioners for examination.
Af^er they observe his speedway and
turn him loose Judge Conlan will d<j
something to Dowd that is clearly
coming.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PLAX
TO ILLUMINATE CITY
Petition the Supervisors for Permis-
sion to Eivct Poles on Market
Street Durinx Conclave.
A committee from the Knights
Templar appeared before the Super
visors' Electricity Committee and t>e
titionedfor permission to erect poles
along Market street for the proposed
scheme of illumination ' during the
conclave to be held in this city next
September. The committee desired to
erect additional poles from New Mont
gomery Btreet to the ferry. Chief
Hewitt of the Department of Electric
ity was requested to prepare an esti
mate of cost of the work. The com
mittee also desired to have the City
Hall dome illuminated at night dur
ing the conclave and will make a writ
ten petition to the Supervisors to that
effect. The committee stated that it
would expend $26,000 for illumination
and decoration.
. The complaint of the Merchants'
Association regarding the heavy elec
tric feed* cable on Kearny street was
placed on file, as the franchise of the
United Railroads permits the .main
tenance of : the ; cable.
No l»ermlts for Pipe Lines.
City "Engineer Grunsky notified the
Board of Public Works yesterday that
no permits have' been issued for the
laying of pipes in the ftreets for_con
veying; crude". oil or petroleum^rom
one point ; . to another except where
the Supervisors had previously ap
proved of the same.
ranks und Valises.
Everything that, la good and new and
moderate in price in trunks, ■ valises,
dress suit cases, traveling sets, now in
stock. Lettered in gold free of '■. charge.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market sU • :
PRESIDENT DIAZ
FORCES A TRUCE
Mexico s Executive Compels
Warring; Stevedores to
Load : Acapulco's Freight
The steamship Acapulco, which ar
rived yesterday from Panama and way
ports, had a lively at Aca
pulco on her way up the coast. When
she reached the Mexican port a bitter
war was being waged between two
rival shipping companies on the water
front and the handling of all outward
bound freight had been stopped.
Awaiting shipment on the Acapulco
was a large quantity of freight, includ
ing 30,000 bags of coffee. While one of
the launch companies was preparing to
transfer the coltee, the other, which
owns, the wharf,- refused to permit its
rival to use the structure and take the
freight to the vessel.
Captain Russell, after waiting sev
eral hours for an adjustment of the ex
isting difficulties and making futile ef
forts to have hia freight excluded from
the ban placed on all freight on the
wharves, went ashore and telegraphed
to President Diaz a statement of the
condition of affairs at that port and
politely requested the Government to
devise some means for facilitating the
transfer of the freight. An hour later
a dispatch came back that Captain
Russell need not worry further; that
the President was preparing to take
necessary steps to shorten'the delay of
the Acapulco. Hardly had this mes
sage reached Captain Russell before he
was visited by a representative of the
Government, who stated that he was,
authorized to assist the captain In
every possible way, and assured him
that President Diaz had already com
municated to the warring companies
instructions to immediately remove the
Acapultfo's freight from the wharf to
the vessel under penalty of being. Im
prisoned and forfeiting their conces
sions in the, harbor.
There was some show 'of defiance to
the President's message at first, but
when several Government officials ap
peared on the scene and gave' out the
information that Diaz had wired them
to call on the military if it was found
necessary to promptly execute hi3
commands, the rival shipping forces
quickly turned their attention to the
Acapulco's freight and hurriedly trans
ferred it \ to", the vessel, which finaily
proceeded on her northern voyage after
half a day's delay.
-Just before the, Acapulco sailed Pres
ident Diaz sent word to Captain Rus
sell that he deeply regretted the dis
courtesy shown him in a Mexican port, i
buLassured the commander of the Aca
pulco that the incident would i not be
repeated, and that intno circumstance
would the Government permit any in
terruption to' the commercial relations
between that country and the United
States.
When the Acapulco left Panama all
was quiet and the United States fleet
was busily .engaged in the bay of
Chame at target practice. The work of
the gunners was remarkably good, and
particularly those iOf the New York,
which was reported to; have made a
great record at the targets. .
RATES ON LIVE
STOCK DEBATED
Cattle Shippers Meet With
JJaiiroad Men dud Discuss
Methods of Transportation
CHICAGO, Feb. 25.— An important
meeting was held' here to-day between
a committee representing the National
Livestock Association and the freight
traffic managers of railway line* cen
tering in Chicago. The members of
the livestock association have been for
some time opposed to the application
of the tonnage system in the method
of transporting livestock, the opposition
being made on the ground that the
system reduced the running time of
trains and thereby caused heavy
shrinkage In the weight and value of
animals. The livestock association
also asked that the return pass privi
lege be restored to bona fide shiDDers
and that there be a readjustment of
freight rates.
The meeting was exceedingly har
monious. During the discussion the
traffic managers conceded that the live
stock service during the past year had
not been satisfactory, and that repre
sentations made by the stockmen would
be immediately taken up. with assur
ance that there would speedily be a
satisfactory adjustment. All transpor
tation . lines running* south and west
were represented.
The livestock committee consisted of
W. A. .Harris of Kansas, T. C. Power
of Montana, M. McAfee of Texas. J.
tX Keep Yovr Rooms Warm These < J !
K ; Cold, Wet Days With This Simple V
f fSUVIO GAS I
jiHEATER..(Mff> I
I&J& { M FITS ANY OAS JET <Jj
QBsI) m PERFECTLY ODORLESS J
g»S^^^g^^^^^g^SDefvhr Be SPECIAL 55C -'.
V Crystal CoIIcc Milk, Reg. $1.23; Special • • ... . ♦ - - 90c ,\
( Bisscll's "Crown- Jewel" Carpet Sweeper, Beg. $2.25; Special $1.75 )? '
I SPECIALS IN ALL OTHER DEPARTMENTS |
latksi-DoSirmamfi
ROAMS WASTE
FOR TWO DAYS
Walter Webb of Sacramento
Is Found in Pitiful Condi
tion on Desert of Nevada
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 25.— After
wandering on the Nevada desert for
two days and two nights, during which
he raved with delirium, Walter Webb
of Sacramento was found this after
noon near Calientes, Nev. The cold,
lack of water and other hardships have
»d affected him that his recovery is
doubtful. . » ft
Webb was seized with typhoid fever
while working in a railroad camp near
Calientes. He was placed on a train
in charge of another man en route to
Salt Lake. At Clear Lake he left the
train and his absence was not noticed
for some time. A searching party was
organized and the young man, after a
long and trying search, was found half
dead on the desert. He was In a Ditl
ful condition. .' •/■
M. Allen of Nebraska. E. S. Gorney of
Arizona, I. M. Humphrey of South Da
kota. C. A. Adams of Nebraska. C. W.
Baker of Illinois and C. F. Martin of
Colorado.
CHICAGO. Feb. 23.— The Grand Jury haa
returned three Indictments against nix 8tnk«r*
at the works of th« Einenrtrath Glove Com
pany. The Indictments charse a conspiracy
to Injure one employe, conspiring to assault
another and riot.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
910
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK AND HAPPENINGS IN REALM OF BOXING
CLEVER BOXERS
IN THE RING
Opening Sight of Olympic
Club Show Brings Out
Well - 3Iatched Amateurs
31ABTIN BESTSEEYNOIiDS
Latter Imitates His Oppo
nent's Style and Puzzles
Him During First Bound
The Olympic Athletic Club gymna
sium was thronged with members last
night at the opening of the club's three
day boxing tournament. Seldom has
it been the good fortune of the mem
i»crs to witness such exciting sport as
was presented by the boxers who took
j>art in the fifteen bouts which were
decided. A feature of the tournament
was the number of promising young
lioxers who appeared, some for the
lirst time. Among' these were Jack
.Lenahan; George Finnegan, the ban
lam champion; Willie Dwyer. Al Ridge
and Robert Lundie.
The first night of a big tournament
if? not expected to provide sensational
t-{>ort, as it is then the poorer boxers
are being weeded out. Last nleht
proved an exception, as the draw for
partners resulted in a number of
<-venly contested bouts. There were
« nough knockouts to please the most
inveterate followers of the ring. Ref
eree Eddie Graney also stopped some
<<f the bouts when he thought men were
l>*-ing punished unnecessarily.
There was no delay between bouts.
<>ne pair of boxers usually entering the
ring before the previous pair had time
to pull off their gloves. The best bouts
of the evening were those in which
Willie Dwyer beat Richard Murray and
Paul Martin beat Al Reynolds. < .
FIGHTING IS FAST.
Dwyer and Murray went three des
perate rounds, both standing bravely
to their guns and plugging throughout.
Dwyer was the cleverer hitter and
Jlnally -won by a shade.
AJ Reynolds imitated Paul Martin's
peculiar crouch and for a time they
hopped about like a pair of game cocks.
Martin did r.ot know wliat tactics to
pursue in the first round, especially
«fter he was knocked down with a
s^harp left to the Jaw. He did better ia
Jhe second round, knocking Reynolds
down several times until Referee
tlraney stopped proceedings.
Dave Campbell, a bantam weight,
outpointed James Lundberj?. Neither
of them showed any class. Campbell
had the longer reach and played for
his opponent's face continually.
Eddie Smith outgamed John Ward
and won cleverly on points.
Jack Lenahan and Charles Hamilton,
two spidery youths in the bantam class,
pave a clever exhibition. Lenahan won
all the way, proving a clever boxer and
■ hard hitter for one of his ounces.
Billy Brannan furnished the comedy
element of the evening. He was drawn
asainst the champion bantamweight,
O. W. Finnepan. Brannan, who is
short and chunky, presented so quaint
*>.n appearance that the spectators
howled. He lasted just twenty seconds
after the bell sounded.
DKISCOLL WINS IIAXDILV.
Barney Driscoll had William Johnson
buffaloed after making: a few passes
and won handily.
John Murray took one in the stomach
from Al. Rid^e in the second round and
went to the mat. Ridge, who has a
style like ihat of Kid McCoy, showed a
wicked left and a good right and is a
boxer of great promise.
William Merritt and Ed Carroll
■wrestled and tapped for three uninter
esting rounds. The Judges gave it to
Carroll.
Harry Tcnny went at Fred Hutchin
sr>n in workmanlike manner and
knocked him down after a few feints.
He knocked him down apain and Ref
eree Graney stopped it.
Frank Edwards and Richard Gordon
put up so poor an exhibition that the
referee stopped it and declared it no
contest, to the great satisfaction of the
FP*"-tatorfi.
Thomas Tij?he closed his eyes each
time Champion Joe Carroll feinted at
him. The end came in the second
round aft<?r Carroll worked his shift
on Tighe twice.
W. J. Leonard stopped Emil Barbee
in one round. He knocked bim down
repeate,dly. and Referee Graney stop
ped proceedings.
Robert Lundie wore Jack Hughes
down with stiff lefts to the body and
won handily in throe rounds.
ARTHUR KNOCKED OUT.
Frank Flores knocked out Henry Ar
thur In the first round. The w'inner
surprised the spectators, who did not
think much of his chances. He proved
a terrific hitter, and the man with the
aureola ha«r never had a chance.
Robert Cairns stopped James Brad
ley in the first round of their bout,
after a fierce sJuggJng match.
The Pacific Athletic Association stop
ped the use of professional second* so
Jam Berger went behind many of 'the
Olympic Club men instead of De Witt
Van Court, who has acted in the past.
The tournament goes on to-night.
JEFFRIES MAY FIGHT
I-V THIS CITY SHORTLY
Expects to 3Icct Winner of Sharkey-
Munroe Contest and Then Go to
Europe.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— Billy De
lany announced to-day that Jim Jef
fries would Fign articles next Monday
to fight the winner of the Sharkev-
Alunrop contest at Philadelphia. Jef
txiea said to-dav:
'I am always ready to fight when
asked and will tackle the winner of
the .Sharkcy-Munroe scrap. This fight
ought to be a hummer. Both are
husky, strong and clever, and there
should be a decision before the end
of th*> sixth round. I would like to
fight in May, as I intend to take a trip
io Kurope during the coming rammer.
There is no chance of the intended
mill not being held, because both
Sharkey and Munroe have declared
they will meet me. San Francisco is
\hf only place, in my opinion, where
fli*? encounter can be decided, and I
think we'll have It out there."
Jeffries takes light exercise daily,
and in boxing bouts is as quick and
speedy as ever.
Famous Ball Player Injured.
.- ITHACA. N. Y., Feb. 25. — Hugh
Jennings, the famous baseball player
jand coach at Cornell, was seriously
hurt in the swimming tank here to
day. He dived into the tank, which
he thought was full of .water, but
which was empty, and severely Jn
.jured his head and both wrists. For
a time he was unconscious.
"Bridge TVhlst," "Five Hundred" and
all other tally cards, "Military. Euchre,"
"Flinch." "Panic." "Pit" and" aH» tfce new
backs In Congress playins cards. -San
born. Vail & Co., 741 Market 8t. •
CORBETT WORKS
BEFORE THRONG
Large Crowd Journeys to the
Beach to See the Champion
Go Through His Stunts
3IAKES BETS ON RACES
Appears to Be a Trifle Fat,
but Says He Is Feeling Bet
ter and Stronger Than Ever
The fine weather was hailed with
shouts of delight yesterday at Young
Corbett's ocean beach retreat. It put
every one in a joyous mood and madfi.
the little champion feel like working
harder than he has worked for many
days.
A large crowd made the pilgrimage
to the training quarters and the gym
nasium was filled to overflowing. Cor
bett seemed pleased at the idea of be
ing so popular, and the faster his ad
mirers came the harder he worked.
The champion says he is Just right.
He looks a little fat, but claims to
weigh about 133 pounds, and is not
worrying over the weight. He is cer
tainly strong and has plenty of vim
and snac His wind is as good as it
ever was, and therefore Corbett says he
is satisfied with himself and ready to
fight at any old time.
He has quit boxing now for keeps. He
is afraid of injuring his hands, and
will therefore devote the rest of his
time to taking spins along the road and
doing some work In the gymnasium.
The latter place was well heated yes
terday and the little fellow wore heavy
clothes and was busily engaged for sev
eral hours in working off superfluous
flesh. v
He punched the bag, pulled at the
weights and wrestled with Billy Otts
and Kid Sanfanson. till they were
tired. Between acts he made a few bets
on the ponies and was anxious about
how they were running.
He took a spin in the morning and
came back feeling fine and great. Then,
after the usual noonday rest, the cham
pion repaired to the gymnasium and
spent the remainder of the day there.
He kept up a steady clip and switched
from one form of exercise to another
without a moment's hesitation.
PACIFIC CRICKETERS HOI/D
THEIR AXXUAL MEETING
Pacific Club Chooses J. Myers as Cap
tain and Dr. Taylor Vice Cap
tain for Tills Year.
The annual meeting and election of
officers of the Pacific Cricket Club was
herd in this city on Wednesday even
ing and was well attended, Vice Presi
dent W. Balnaves occupying the chair.
The following officers were elected to
serve during the coming twelve
months: Captain John Metcalfe, presi
dent; W. Bainaves, first vice' president;
W. Powell, second vice president; John
Myers, captain; Dr. O. N. Taylor, vice
captain; A. W. Wilding:, secretary and
treasurer. The foregoing, with C W.
Bennett, the British Consul General;
H. D. Bowly and W. Petherick, form
the executive committee. The selection
committee consists cf John Myers, E.
H. Lannowe and H. D. Bowly. The
delegates to the California Cricket As
sociation are John Myers and Dr. O.
X. Taylor, and the members of the
ground committee are A. W. Wilding
and D. Jamieson.
The members lost by resignation or
death during the last year have been
replaced by new men who have joined
the club. Among these are F. A. Gay
ley, an Australian who has held the
swimming championship .o£ Queens
land; W. H. J. Horn and F. Lewin of
the Bank of British North America,
recent arrivals from Victoria, B. C;
the Rev. S. H. Wingfield Digby, chap
lain of the Seamen's Institute; Thomas
W. Bewley, George Jones and Norman
Logan, a member of the California As
sociation Football Rererees' Union.
The Pacific Cricket Club has a mem
bership of about fifty.
SHASTA CLUB SECURES
APRIL BOXING PERMIT
Supervisors* Police Committee Shakes
Majority Recommendation in Fa
vor of \ew Organization.
The Supervisors' Police Committee
yesterday reported in favor of grant
ing a professional boxing permit for
April to the Shasta Athletic Club, a
new Richmond in the field of profes
sional contest . promoters. H. L. For
trcide appeared before the commit
tee and said he and H. Bundschu
were at the head of the club and in
tended to bring off a contest in good
faith and that it was not associated
with any other organization. Super
visors Kggers and Boxton voted in
favor of granting the permit. Super
visor McClellan voted against the ma
jority recommendation, saying consid
eration should be shown to the Pa
cific and Bay City clubs, which have
also presented applications for the
April permit. McClellan will file a
minority report against giving the
permit to the Shnsta Club.
The Lincoln Athletic Club was
granted a permit for an amateur ex
hibition in April, notwithstanding a
notice from the Pacific Athletic As
sociation that the club had been ex
pelled from the organization.
SIXTY-FOUR FAST HOUNDS
TO COMPETE AT IXGLESIDE
Good Sport Is Promised When Likely
Hounds Meet in Open Stake on
Scxl Sunday.
The drawing for next Sunday's
courFing match at Ingleside Park was
held last night at Pythian Castle.
Sixty-four greyhounds are entered in
the open stake and there is every pros
pect of a good day's sport. Coursing
will begin at 10:30 a..m. and will con
tinue till the deciding course is run.
Following is the result of the draw:
Gold Lily v*. Intruder, Una vs. Frank Dunn,
Presidio Boy vs. Colored .Lady, Medley vs.
Hose of Gold, Grace Greenwo/xJ vs. Yellow
tail, Glancing Parha xt. Van Alba, Texas Bet
ty vs. Silver Cloud. Viking vs. Kquator, North
ern Lad vs. J E II. Pepper Jack vs. Slievena
mon, Jerry Wrleht vs. Sotala, Topsy Turvy
vs. Texas Hoo Hoo, I Prometheus vs. Red Pep
per, Pasha Pleasant vs. Frisky Boy, Pepper
Hill va. Troublesome, Mountain Poet vs.' Clar
ioe, Haddinston ve. Toronto, Hera vs. Hare
dine, Clover Blcsson ve. - I.aoy Menlo, Bob R
vs. All Green. Homer Boy vs. Golden Light.
Game Boy vs. . Loretta, Mollio Me vs. Doc
Burns, Mark Twain vs. Master Clair, Maid of
the Glen vs. Ragsed Actor, Beauty Gold vs.
SlK>tlefes Beauty, RaJendine vs. Advertiser,
Black Coon v*. Bonnie Pasha. Little Lucy vs.
Meddlesome, Lulu Girl va. Siren, Don Pedro
vs. Oreina, Jigamorow vs. Joe Pasha.
Lanacan Is Re-elected Coach.
STAXFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 25.
James F. Lanagan '00 has been chosen
to coach the Stanford football squad
for the season- of 1904. Lanagan made
an enviable record with the squad
last year and his return as head coach
for next season was desired by the en
tire student body. ,
THE SAN ■'.FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2f>, 1904.
THE MIST SCORES WINNING BRACKETS
FIRST TIME OUT WITH THE SILK UP
Travers Is First
Astride Three
Winners.
About the only performance worthy
of especial • mention at Oakland track
yesterday was the well chiseled turn
of speed shown by The Mist in the
maiden two-year-old event a three and
a half furlongs. The fllly is a full
sister to The Fog:, once raced aroung
these diggings by the departed Willie
Sink, now in France, and until yes
terday's race a novitiate at the* game
of racing. ,She was known to be fast,
but this. <Jfd not prevent her price from
soaring upward until 4 and 5 to 1 was
"obtainable. The regulars and the dele
gation from Pike County, Missouri,
contented themselves with seizing all
the 8 to 5 in sight about Bob Ragon.
Bullman was to pilot the latter, and
that made it all the stranger, for John
is recognized as a virtuoso when it
comes io guiding youngsters. When
Jake Holtman released the barrier it
certainly looked gloomy for The Mist,
for Jack Martin was pinched by two
other starters for a second and could
not let the filly down. Finally. Jack
dropped in on the rail, and The Mist
passed one after another, winning clev
erly from Edgecliff and Saccharate in
:44. Bob liagon quit badly the last
eighth. The winner is a slashing look
ing daughter of Magnet and will take
some beating from now on. She is
owned by W. H. Hammond and trained
by D. Cameron.
It was to be expected there would be
some surprises, as the track was very
muddy, still there were no startling
ones. Handpress and Isabellita were
the only winning choices, but none of
the other horses earning brackets es
caped the sharpshooters.
The eleven starters in the opening
sprint were as devoid of class as a
clam is of feathers, hence it was a
very open betting affair. Dusty Miller
at first enjoyed the call, receding later
in the betting and running unplaced.
The winner turned up in The Hawaiian,
a 10 to 1 shot played down to 8. Trav
el's saved a world of ground on the
stretch turn with the outsider, and in
a driving finish led Bell on Chaple past
the judges' stand a neck. Red Bird quit
and finished third, after cutting out the
early pace.
Another odds and ends assortment
started in the mile selling affair, with
Isabelllita ruling an even money choice.
Travers succeeded in dropping the
mare in first, but it was a very lucky
win. Elmer L., under moderate hand
ling, closed very strong, only losing the
decision by a nose. The latter was
10. to 1 and old Searcher at the same
odds ran third.
Bullman, in place of Jack Martin,
worked a remarkable change in Hip
ponax. The last timeHipponax started
was in the very questionable looking
seven-furlong run won by Whiskers,
on which occasion he was never a con
tender. In the six and a half furlong
selling number yesterday Bullman
sailed out in front with the Lane entry
and he won all the way. Holbrook
rode a ridiculously weak race on the
6 to 5 favorite Mocorito, losing • the
place to Fair Lady Anna by more than
a length. With a competent rider up,
the first choice could have won.
Only Johnny Daly's clever handling
of Handpress won the fifth race for
Billy Magrane's little Hanover hors?.
Handpress was deprived of a purse the
day previous through ill racing luck
and closed a 2 to 1 favorite. Daly out
broke his field at the start and hustling
the first choice all the way he stalled
off the late challenge of Buxton astride
Galanthus, getting the verdict by a
neck. Had the last named horse not
been compelled to travel the overland
route he would have been returned the
winner. Travers finished a good third
with Harbor.
With such rapidity had the track
dried that the last event over a mile,
at one time considered a good thing for
Diderot, was now conceded to Axmin
ster. Buxton had the mount on Billy
Randall's horse, which was sent to the
post an 8 to 5 favorite. At the first
turn Buxton managed to get involved
in a bumping match, which materially
lessened his chances. Travers rode a
splendid "race on Diderot, moving along
from third position at the right time
and in a mild drive disposed of the
tardy arriving Axminster by more than
a length. Flaneur, after making the
pace for seven-eighths of the route, lost
the place by a nose. I Know fell In
for strong support, but cut no figure in
the running.
Dr. Rowell's apprentice, Travers, is
apparently destined to fill the vacancy
left void by the departure of Hilde
brand. Travers was first past the wire
yesterday on The Hawaiian, Isabellita
and Diderot, and in no instance was it
a case of cakewalk. <
Hipponax was boosted $200 over his
entered selling price by Harry Robin
son. No change of ownership.
EXTREES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selllns: •
(4550)Suneilo (Storn) 104
6100 *Young Morello (Scharetg) 107
6150 •Virgie d'Or (McDowell) 102
6130 Billy Moore (Rector) 101)
6148 Master Cal (Kistenmacher) 104
60C3 Possart (Case) 112
"Nellie Bawn (McCabe) 97
6150 Goldfinder (Fitzgerald) ...109
r»8T)S Mordrnte (Xichols) DO
6150 Sam Lazarus Esq. (Stoer) 107
5810 Petrolia (Knight & Co.) M
5121 Assessment (Romlgh) ...104
Second racrf — Five furlongs;' three-year-olda
ami t up: selling: .
5872 'My: Surprise (Mounce)... 104
r.7.'IS Watkins Overton (Knebelkamp) 109
» 5850 Mary Dunn (Bender) '..... 09
Ililou (McNames).. 104
5S72 "Pickaway (Jackson) 104
6102 'Hoceo (Photo Stable) .. 04
«122 Sir Tom Tiddler (Daly) .....117
r.si2»Our Pride (Howe Stable) ...104,
6151 Sterling Towers (Stockton)... 107
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling:
6134 'Anvil • (Murray) ...........:;.. .102
6161 Klckumbob (Walz & Co.). 107
(6150)*Sue Johnson (Fitzgerald)..... 100
6148 Mr. Farnurn (McCafferty) ............ 107
fiO2S "CarHee (Appleby 8c Co.)....... 100
SC57 Kl Fonse (Fink)... 107
6161 Prince Blazes (Balrd & Co.). ...... .107
6148 GUssando (Romlgh) 107
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; handicap.
6101 Princess Tltania (Millin). 110
6162 St. Wlnnif ride (Painter).. 97
C137 Ananias (Schorr) 34
6137 Futurlta (Kraft) 92
6113 O'Hagen (Bender & Co.) 94
Fifth race — Futurity course; four-year-olds
and up; selling. ,
5774 Mount McGregor II (Burns & W.)....101
6134 Ripper (Lane) .94
6110 Quiz II <McCafferty) .101
3868 Impromptu (Painter) ■ ....101
6148 Sol Llchtenstein (Romlgh) ..101
6122 *Benlash (Jeuness) . . . . . 4. J)2
.... Contestant (Diamond & Johnson) .....' OS
(«052)»Lan8downe (Fitzgerald) ..97
C090 •Arnasa (Rowley) »c,
584S Alice Carey (Bell) '95
6136 "Pruewood (McAlester) .•........:.. ..'94
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards; four-'
year-olds and up; selling,
6148 «Mr. Dingle (Tlerney) .....". 95
6001 Horton (Blanchl & Co.)... ..100
6139 'Fltle d'Or (Kenyon) ) .V>95
(6001)*Byronerdale (Crane) .....1C5
K127 Chickadee (McCafferty) ....100
(610H)Outburst (McAlester) ...105
- 6136 *The Frcttcr (O'Rourke) ....100
•Apprentice allowance. • , ' :^^' *••■
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKIAma BACETBACI — THURSDAY, Feb. 25. — Weather fine. Track muddy.
C158. FIRST RACE-^Flve and a halt furlongs; kelllng; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
I - ndex Horse and Owner. Wt St. 'A. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op- Cl-
B800 The Hawaiian (Figaro Stable) ~B7 4 ... 2n 3 >i IS In Travers ... 10 8
• A .. Chapel <W. E. Cotton) 105 3 ... 4 3 2 »i 2 1H2 8 Bell 6 *
60S6 Red Bird (E. Slaughter) 99 B... 1 3%1 2 3 n 3 n . Roach 5 9-2
C08S Dusty Miller (P. Sheridan) ... 104 1 ... Sh 424243 Buxton 13-5 9-2
5883 Targette (D. S Fountain)... 09 8 ... 0 \<t 5 2 5 6 5 V* Vandrbout * *
5125 Midway (Piedmont Stable) ... 102 7 ... B%G3 62 64 W. Dugan. 20 13
5894 Vaughan (Mrs Hertxell) 104 9 ... 88 7n 72 71 McAuliffe . 40 6°
6135 Emil (T. J. Williams) 105 2 ... 73 83 8282 Bonner 20 IB
.... Hannah Van (Lee & Son).... 100 6 .,. 9 7 9 4 » 2 0 1% Holbrook .. 20 60
6102 Jack Little (W P Fine) 109 11 ... 11 10 2 10 4 10 6 McHannon 8 15
Moynard (M. Storn) 102 10 .. . 10 n 11 11 11 C. Smith... 20 60
Time— :25V4.' :51%, l:10H. At post Vi minute Off at 2:14V4. Hawaiian, place, 7-2; show,
8-5. Chapel, place, 2; show. 1. Bird, ehow, 1. Winner, ch. g. by Figaro-Queen Kapl
olina. Trained by J. Lodge Scratched — Distributor Foxy Grandpa, .St. Yusef. Gate-'
way. Start good. Won hard ridden. Sec-ond driving. Third stopping. Travers on
winner stole the race by a short cut Into the stretch. Chapel would have won had
ho not been carried wide on stretch turn. Red Bird elowed down as usual. Dusty
Miller requires a brushing up before he can win. Targette outfooted. Midway can do
better on a dry track. . . ' ■
«15». SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; purse; maiden 2-yr.-olds; to first, $325.
Index] Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %! %] %-' Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
The Mist (W. H. Hammond).. 109 5 . . - ... 3n In 1 1*4 J. Martin.. 13-5 4
0090 Edgecllff (B. & W.) 105 1 4 2 3 1 2 h |Bell « 11
C087 Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm) 105 3 1 % 2 li, 3 ns J. T. Shehn 4 i-2
0075 Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.) 110 2 2 1^4 2 4 10 Bullman .. 8-5 13-10
.... 'Light of Day (Mrs. Coffey). 105 8 6 % 0 H 5 l'/i Buxton .... 15 25
5835 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) 102 9 7 2 7 3 C Vt W. Daly... 50 100
012.5 Tar Flat (San Joaquin Sta.). 102 7 91 82 7 % Knapp 30 1C0
6111 Miss Claude (Hamilton Sta.). 102 4 82 92 8 3 Bonner .... 20 .10
Velna (G. M. Van Gorden) 11110 10 10 0 2 See 30 60
Inspector Halpln (Schrelber). 112 j « ... ... 6 Vi 6 1 10 Burns 10 10
Time— :24'7i. :44. At post 2}a minutes. Off at 2:42}$ Miet, place. 2; show. 1. Edgecllff.
place. 7-2; ehow, 3-2. Saccharate show. 3-5 Winner, ch. f. by Magnet-Tenbrae.
Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched— Senator Poyntz Elba. Start good. Won ridden
out. Next three driving. Winner pounds tee best. Martin had to take her up at the
start and came on from nearly last position. Edgecllff finished gamely. Saccharate
ran a nice race. Bob Ragon quit. Inspector Halpin a good-looker, ran green. *Loa
Angeles index (J0S1.
OlOO. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. WtlSt. Vi. %^ %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CK
5030 Isabellita, 4 (E McXamara). 102 4 5 1 4 1^3 % 2 n 1 ns Travers ... 9-10 1
6150 Elmer L. 6 (Klunder & B.).. 112 6 fil 61 46 4%2 2% McHannon 10 10
6103 Searcher 6 (Partington Bros.) 104 13 12 2}J2 l^il h 3 4 Crosswaite 8 10
6054 Past Master, 4 (H Green) 109 8 1 h 1 2^1 h 3 2>44 8 Sherwood ..4 8
6858 Donator a (E Tlerney) 104 5 - 7 IU,7 y, 7 1&6 2 B 2 */t Wright .... 10 15
C0C3 Grand Sachem, a (J.J.Moran) 104 2 4 1 0B .In 5^61% Vandrbout 12 15
6134 Formero a (F. L Csughey).. 104 7 8 8 8 8 7 5 Buxton J 10 13
6114 Pearl Diver, 4 <CarlIsle_Co.) J Jl07 3 2 \\tfi H 6 2 7 1 8 Stuart 8 5
Time — :26%. :52. 1:19, 1:47. At post % minute. Off at 3:06?i. Isabellita. place. 1-3;
show, out. Elmer place, 3; show, 6-5. Searcher, show. 2. Winner, br. m. by Rey El
Santa Anita-Teodalina. Trained by S. Rafour. Scratched — Sue Johnson. Start fair.
Won in a hard drive of two. Third easily. .was stopping badly and Elmer
L ehould have won. Travers outflnlshed McHannon. Searcher ran a better race to-day.
Donator can do better. Pearl Diver played for a good thing. .
! C1G1. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. V* . *A- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. cT.
6114 Hipponax, a (P. G. Lane)... 110 5 1 % 1 2 13 1 % 1 2H Bullman ..9-2 5
6114 Fair L Anna. 4 (McCafferty) 107 122 2 2542 2 2 2^2 1% Bonner 3 12-. r >
6851 Mocorito a (T. Wellman) 107 7 7 % 6 2%3 2^3 3 3 7 Holbrook .. 1 C-5
6007 Prince Blazes, a (Balrd & Co.) 106 4 « l%n h 6 2 5 n 4 h Stuart 25 30
6136 Polonius 4 (Stewart & Co.). . 109 1 8 8 7 6 5 n ft 3 5 2 J. Daly 12 10
C074 Kickumb'ob. a (AValz & Co.).. 104! 3 3 2 3 % 4 h 4 V, 6 12 Buxton 20 60
DS83 The Miller, a (G. I'. McNeil) 1031 2 5 h 8 8 7 2 7 1 J. T. Shehn 2i> 40
4701 Penzance. 4 (II. Stover) 102| 64^4h748 8 |C. Smith. .. 40 10?
Xlme — :24&, :49% 1:1674, 1:24. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:33. Hipponax. place, 6-5;
show 1-2 Anna place. 3-5; show. 2-7. Mocorito, show. out. Winner, br. g. by Pic
colo-Lowland Lass Trained by A. C. Dean. Scratched— Plckaway. Start poor. Won
easily after "an early drive. Next two driving. Winner bid up from $100 to $600 by
H. Robinson; retained. Winner showed marked improvement over his previous race. Fair
Lady Anna ran her race. Mocorito best and with any sort of a vigorous ride could have
won. Prince Blazes did fairly well. IClckumbob Jiult.
«1O2. FIFTH RACE: — Six furlongs; celling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. jWt|St. hi. %'. ?4 . Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
C146 Handpress a (Magrane) 110 1 ... 1 Vi 1 94 1 M In J. Daly 8-5 2
C14C Galanthus' 6 (Mrs. Coffey).... 104 3 ... 5 2 '4 n 2 H 2 1% Buxton .... 4 18-5
(0102) Harbor, li (H. E. RowelDf... 07 4 ... 4 % 5 3 4 2 .T 4 Travers ... o
C079 Ethel Abbott. 3 (Mrs. Miller) 00 2 ... 2 3 2 2tf 3 1 4 4 Knapp ..,. 8 B
C007 Yellowstone. 5 (W. P. Fine).|U0 5 . . . fi 6 52 6 8 McHannon 12 20
6079 St. Winnlfrlde. 4 (Painter). .|10C 6 ... 3 h 3 h C b \\ andrbout 5-2 9-.!
Time :25 :Z0 1:1C*4. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:00. Handpreas, place, 4-5; enow, out.
Galanthus " place, 6-5; shor.-, 1-2. Harbor, show. 1-2. Winner, b. h. by Hanover-Po
mona. Trained by W P. Magrane. Scratched — Lady Kent. Start good. Won in a hard
drive of three Handpress wni well hustled uloner from the jump. was best
and would have won if not rtdien the overland route. Harbor ran a good race. Echel
Abbott quit. Yellowstone can do better. St. AVIn.nifrlde no "mudder."
81O3. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up: value to flrst. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. "fwtlSt. % . «.. ?4. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6130) Diderot C (J P. Atkin) 104 3 3 5 3 1%3 »4 2 1 1 1 % \ Travers ... 3 0-2
0065 Axminster, 6 (W. Randall). 104 4 6 3 5?457 5 5 2 ns I Buxton 5-2 8-5
61 w Flaneur 6 (C. McCafferty).. 109 2 1 % 1 3 ,£ 1 l&l n 3 V* (Bonner 6 S
U140 Pat MofriBsev a (Wrilman).. 106 12%22 2h3n4 lUiHolbrook .. 10 10
61*6 Cloche d-Or. 4 - (A. Conrad).... 104 5 HI «5 4 2 4 1 5 10 J. Mflrtln.. 6 0
61"4 Meehanus a (T. T. Rector).. 112 7 7 7 7 7 « See 4 7
6124 I Know. 6 (F. E. Burnell).... 0» 6 4n4h 6n Cn 7 (Roach 3 18-5
Xlme ;25% *50»i 1:17 1:44U. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:25'^. Diderot, placo. 9-5;
show 4-'5. Axminster placo, 3-5; show, 1-3. Flaneur, show. 1. Winner, ch. g. by
Rousseau-La Reina. Trained by E. Carey. Scratched— Mr. Dingle. Start good. Won
Jn a drive of three. Travers on winner rode an excHlent race. Axminster in a bump
ins match on first turn. So was Cloche d'Or. Tlaneur could have won at seven
furlongs. Morrissey ran- his race. Meehanus no account in the going. Xelther was
I Know. Latter has a bad knee.
AGED SWINDLER
UNDER ARREST
Henry Blume, Ex-Convict.
Finds Himself Again Be
hind Bars in City Prison
An ex-convict who is nearing the age
of threescore and ten was arrested
yesterday morning on Larkin street by
Policeman Wolters of the identification
bureau and booked at the City Prison
on charges of obtaining goods by false
pretenses and defrauding an innkeeper.
The prisoner gave the name of Henry
Blume, but he has also been known as
H. Blaune, Henry Brown, H. Bracker
and H. Beck.
Blume on February 22. called at the;
office of the Imperial Glove Company,
1236 Mission street, and represented that
he was a merchant in Sonora, Calave
ras County. He ordered $300 worth of
gloves and took twelve dozen, the re
mainder to be sent to the ferry ad
dressed to Blume. He gave the com
pany a check on a bank in Sonora, but
R. Griswaid, one of the partners,'
learned that no one of the name of H.
Beck, which Blume had given, had an
account at the bank, and the parcel
was not forwarded. While Blume and
Griswaid were walking downtown after
the order was booked they met Mayor
Schmltz, and Blume warmly shook the
Mayor's hand. ";:'•',.
Blume sold the twelve dozen gloVes to
A. Sommer, a second-hand dealer at 503
Pacific street for $12, and had arranged
with Sommer for the disposal of the
balance of the $300 worth. Blume had
been living at the Windsor Hotel under
the name of Henry Brown, a retired
merchant, and took his departure leav
ing an unpaid bill for board and lodg
ing of $56. M'-<
Blume on July 13, 1893, was sentenced
to serve three years in San Quentin for
obtaining money by false pretenses in
Los Angeles, and on May 21, 1896,; he
was sentenced to serve eight years in
Folsom for passing fictitious checks in
Los Angeles County. On March 12 last
Pqjice Judge Cabaniss sentenced him
to serve three months in the County
Jail for obtaining money Jay false pre
tenses. . : , :
PROBABLE WXXrZTEBS.
- . rirst race— Nellie Bawn, Billy Moore,
Possart. •
Second race — Sir Tom Tiddler, Pick
away. Sterling Towers.
Third race — SI Fo&is, Glis»ando,
Prince Blazes.
Fourth race — Ananias, Princess Ti
tania. O'Hajren.
Fifth race — Lamdowae, Sol Licliten
stetn. Amtsa. ;
Sixth race— Horton, Mr. Single, | By
ronerdale. _
TOURS EUROPE
FOR THE FAIR
Lieut. Garden, Sent After
Machinery Exhibits for Ex
position, Lecturing: Here
Lieutenant Godfrey Lynet Carden of
the United States revenue cutter ser
vice, who is at present assigned to
duty in the machinery department of
the St. Louis exposition, is at the Pal
ace Hotel. The officer only recently
returned from an extended trip through
Europe in the interest of the exposi
tion. He was assigned by the Wash
ington authorities to the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition as superintendent of
the munitions of the War Department,
and having made a success of his work
there his services were asked for by
the management of the fair at St.
Louis. During his recent travels
abroad Lieutenant Carden visited all
the important machinery manufactur
ing centers, including the big gun
plants, and has since made several in
teresting reports of 'his observations to
the St. Louis Commission and written
a number of technical articles for the
scientific papers of this country. It
was these reports and contributions to
the papers that prompted the St. Louis
Exposition Commission to start him out
on a? lecturing tour, which has already
included addresses at many of the lead
ing colleges and other institutions of
learning in the East and Middle West
and will include many more before his
trip has ended. His itinerary in this
city includes two lectures, both at the
Young Men's Christian Association's
'Hall. The first was delivered lasi even-^
ing and the second will be delivered
to-night. ; Next Week he will speak at
Stanford, and then proceed eastward
to keep engagements at other colleges.
All of Lieutenant Carden's lectures are
illustrated with photographs which he
took while visiting the various big
manufacturing ' concerns of Europe,
among them the Krupp Gun Works of
Germany, arid he dwells' mainly' on the
comparative magnitude of the estab
lishments of the " different European
countries, their methods of manufac
turing great machines and the condi
tions that exist there in the way of
making those r.*anufacturers strong
competitors commercially and in
science and progress to this
country. Discussing his observa
tions yesterday afternoon, Lieu
tenant Carden said that while the
United States was keeping apace, if
not in advance of the rest of the world
in the matter, of mechanical construc
tion,, It had yet neglected to pursue the
economical methods practiced In Eu
rope. With its great facilities for man
ufacturing and its technical knowledge!
this country, ► he declared, i3 proceed
ing in Its art of mechanical construc
tion in a wasteful manner, and he cited
many. kinds. of machinery in which his
claims were fully, justified, among them
the modern , locomotive and the j furnace
blast, with their enormous : percentage
BASEBALL MEN
IN A QUANDARY
Morley f s Sudden Eesignation
Comes as a Big Surprise to
"Fans" and Magnates Alike
NO ACTION IS TAKEN
If Southern Manager Decides
to Stand Pat, His Successor
Will Shortly Be Named
The abrupt resignation of Manager
James F. Morley as head of the Los
Angeles baseball team has caused no
end of talk and comment among the
followers of the game in this city, and
fans and magnates are In a quandary.
Ever since the southern city was ad
mitted to the league three years ago
Morley has been a prominent figure in
the league and no one ever thought of
his resigning.
What the final result of the matter
will be is something unknown at the
present time. Many are of the opinion
that Morley will come into the fold
again when he is patted on the back
by the officers. The southern magnate
still retains his Interest in the team
and his resignation will in no wise
affect the nine, though Morley is the
largest stockholder.
The whole matter was' the result of
the action taken by the committee ia
awarding First Baseman Dillon to the
Brooklyn club. Morley was a member
x>f this committee and voted against
such a measure. When he was notified
that Dillon was lost to him his resig
nation was the result.
It has been forwarded to President
Bert of the league by wire, but so far
Bert has not accepted it. He is not
quite ready as yet and probably wants
to give Morley. another chance to make
up his mind finally. If Morley does
decide to stand pat the directors of the
Los Angeles Baseball Club will in ail
probability call a special meeting and
elect a successor t<xMorley.
■ It is thought likely* that John Brink,
who is acting temporarily in Morley's
place, will get the latter's job should
hp desire to take it. The baseball mag
nates here have nothing to say nor do
in the matter and apparently do not
care one way or another whether Mor
ley quits or stays with the ship.
. LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25. — The res
ignation of Manager James Morley of
the Los Angeles baseball team has not
yet been accepted by the board of di
rectors of the local association, and
this afternoon Director John Brink,
■who is acting as ex-officio chairman,
stated that it was likely that no meet
ing would be called until he had
heard from the officials of the Pacific
Coast League. He is awaiting an an
swer to his telegram sent to President
Bert denying the authority of the of
ficials to award Pacific Coast League
[ players to the National League. .
WILL SUCCEED COUNT
MUTSU AT WASHINGTON*
Secretary Eki Hiokl, Formerly At
tached to the Legation, Returns
From Lone Absence In Orient.
Eki Hioki, who is to succeed Count
Mutsu as first secretary of the Japan
ese legation at Washington, arrived
from Japan yesterday and is registered
at the Palace. Hioki fifteen years ago
was attached to the Japanese lega
tion at Washington and has since
served his country in the diplomatic
service at St. Petersburg and in China
and Korea. He was loth to discuss
the present war situation In the Far
East, stating in an apologetic "way
that the hostilities began on February
G and that three day3 later he had em
barked for this country.
"Since then," said he to a Call re
porter, "I have been on the high seas
and can tell you nothing that has not
already been conveyed to you through
your news sources."
When pressed further for some ex
pression of opinion as to the outcome
of the war between Japan and Rus
sia, he replied with a smile that Japan
would no doubt render a good account
of itself on both sea and land, for
she had been long preparing for war
and had. carefully measured her big op
ponent, especially in the matter of
forces, resources and the tactical
knowledge of the Russian command
ers.
Accompanying Secretary Hioki is
Heromichi Shugio, Imperial Japanese
commissioner to the St. Louis Exposi
tion, who will go direct to the latter
city. He stated yesterday that Japan
is preparing to send to the exposition
a larger and in many respects a finer
exhibit than she sent to the World's
Fair at Chicago, particularly in the
way of manufactured materials, min
erals and various agricultural pro
ducts.
Another member of the Hioki party
is J. Sakurai, Collector of Customs at
the port of Kobe, who has come to
this country for the purpose of mak
ing a study of our customs methods.
He expects to remain on the coast for
some time. -
Two other prominent Japanese wh<>
arrived on the same steamship are A,
Menikishi, who has been assigned to
Government duty in Panama ar»d
South America, and T. Kadoya, agent
of the Yokohama Specie Bank In New
York.'
of escaping heat, which the mechanic
in the foreign establishments ftas
learned to save and utilize to the bet
terment of his art.
Lieutenant Carden. while In Europe,
was authorized to secure all the mod
ern machinery for the machinery* de
partment of the exposition and hi* task
resulted in the securing of a combined
force of 53,000 horsepower, which; will
be contributed by the most modern
types of every variety of engine) con
structed in Europe and this country
and will operate the machinery «4f the
entire exposition. r
Out of every 1000 of the World's
population 264 own King- EdwaVd as
their sovereign.
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
Mail Tills Order to TTi« San Freunoisco Call Wit* 75a.
The San Francisco Call. '
San . Francisco, CaL:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me ono
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr ..'. ...™,
STREET ...i. « w^.
CITY ..j......... ..™«-,
STATE i... .....„„„
NITRITE FIRST
IN HANDICAP
Four to Five Choice Beats
Bragg and John McGnrk in
Eecord Time for Ascot
FOUK FAVOEITES SCORE
Jane Holly, Winner of a Six
Furlong Pace, Is Bid Up,
but Is Retained by Yeager
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.—Short
priced favorites had the best of it to.
day at Ascot, four of them earning firs;
money in the last four races on tlv;
card. The first two races went to
medium-priced horses, Murad at 8 to 1
taking the first from Bessie iWelfly and
Icaugrurator, while Blue Miracle at '*»
to 1 won the second from Marta and
Neko in the order named. After this
race favorites had the call. Sir Hugh
tcok the hurdle number at 7 to 10, with
Sharpless second and Ollnthua third.
The one and an eighth miles handicap
was captured by Nitrate, the 4 to 5
favorite. Bragg was second and John
McGurk third. The time was 1:53^».
which is half a second below the pre
vious record for Ascot track.
Jane Holly, at 1 to 2, won the fifth.
a six furlong selling affair. Colonel
Bogey was second and Emahee third.
The winner was run up $400 above her
entered price of $400. but was retained
by J. C. Yeager. . .
Fustian was heavily played to win
the last race at a mile and rewarded
his backers by defeating Metlakatla
and Iras in the order named. "Weather
fine; track fair.
SUMMARY.
First race, six furlongs, sell!::*— Murni. H2
(Wonderly), 8 to 1. won; B«ssle Welfly. f»3
(Redfem). -5 to 2. second; Inauzurator, 124
Ulildebrand). 8 to 5. third. Time. 1:16. Hon
duran. Annie F, Revolt, Ptrato, Dara!s*11a,
I&mad, Lisp. Bennett Gray and Chemist also
ran.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Blue Mir
acle. 104 (Mountain). 6 to 1. won: Marts, 107
(Wonderly), 8 to 1. second; Neko, 90 (J.
Lewis). 4 to 1. third. Time, 1:14*4. Chief
Aloha. Ollvllo. Samar. Eva D. Flea. Sir Chris
tcpher and Negrusca also ran.
Third race, hurdle handicap, one and an
elgtith miles — Sir Hugh. 143 <Schimmell>, 7 to
10, won; Sharpless. 123 <T. Murphy), 15 to 1.
second; Ollnthui". 138 (Archibald*. 13 to 5.
third. Time, 2:04^i. Lurdan. Fttx Stockwell.
Major Hooker and Deelmo also ran.
Fourth race, handicap, one and an eighth
miles— Xitrate. 105 (Redfern), 4 to 5. won;
Bra~r. 112 (Mountain). 6 to 1. second; John
McGurk. 9O (Hildebrand). 7 to 1. third. Time.
1:53*4. Greenock and Grail also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Jans Holly.
SX» (Hildebrand). 1 to 2. won; Colonel Bogey. 9.1
<R. Murphy). 8 to 1, second; Kmshee, loo
(Mountain). 20 to 1. third. Time, 1:13,
Wager. Evander, Nanon, and Durbar also ran.
Rio Chlco left.
Sixth race. mile, selling- — Fustian. B.I
(Lewis), 4 to 5. won: Metlakatla. «5 (Hilrtc
brand), 5 to 1. second: Iras. 93 i FitzpatrtclO.
3f> to t. third. Time, 1:41. Straggler and
Moor also ran.
Xcw Orleans Race Result*.
NEW ORLEANS, La.. Feb. 25.— Crescent
City summary:
First race, one mile, selling — Xorth 'Wirvl
won. Prtncelet second. Port Warden third.
Time. 1:41 4-5.
Second race, six furlongs, gelling 1 — Wreath of
Ivy won. Cyprienne second, Our Llllie tliirJ.
Time. 1:14 2-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Inquisitive Girl
won. Saddnccee second. Presentation third.
Time. 1:13 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile — Mi!adl Love won.
Prodigal Son second, Maritana third. Tim?.
1:41 4-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Pronta won. Count 'Em Out second, Velos
third. Tlroe. 1:45.
Sixth race, one mile — Icicle won. Arachue
second, Safeffuard third. Time, 1:41 S-B.
Racine at Hot Springs.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Feb. 25.— Essex Park
summary:
First rac*, five furlongs — Duelist won. To
Sai second. Xever Fret third. Time. 1:03.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Joe Gom
won. Budwetaer eecord. Maverick third. Time.
1:17%;
Third race, one and a sixteenth, miles, *<•!!-
Ing— W. B. Gates vron, Malay second. MiM
Eon third. Time. 1:53.
Fourth race, one mile, the Kentucky handi
cap — Stand Pat won. Honolulu second. Mam
selle third. Time. 1:43>4.
Fifth race, three furlongs — Carolina Good-
koontz won. I^la Murray second. Th» Lor'Ml
third. Time. :37Vi.
Sixth rare, seven furlongs, selling — Alamort-*
won Ralph. TToung second. Equity third.
Time, 1:31.
Alumni Team in Benefit Game
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 25.
On March 8 the varsity nine will play
a benefit game of baseball with a team
of college alumni on the varsity dia
mond. The proceeds of the game are
to be used in constructing additional
courts for the use of the women tennis
plaj-ers in the university.
The line-up of the alumni team has
been announced as follows: Catcher,
"W." T. Reid Jr. of Harvard; pitcher,
Lanagan "00; first base, Cowden '03;
second base. McGllvray ex-'O4: third
base. Parker '03; shortstop, Co*ch
Doyle; left field. Brown '03: right field.
Major Collins of West Point. The
center fielder has not been selected.
. Neighbors Denounce Mrs. Rjder.
Mrs. Frank Ryder of North Beach
was in Judsre Murasky's court yester
day opposing the petition of Frank J.
Kane to be appointed guardian of her
daughter. Jennie Stretch. She claims
that she is fully capable of caring for
the Kirl, but her neighbors, who were
in court to the number of twenty, tcs
tfied that she was unfit. They all tes
tified in support of Kane's charge that
Mrs. Ryder neglected the little yirl
and was inclined to indulge in intoxi
cants to a degree that incapacitated
her from properly performing a moth
er's duty. The case was put over for
further hearing.
Steals Part of Headdress.
Leno Pala&i. a peddler, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday by Detec
tive McMahon and Policeman Farrell
on a charge of grand larceny. As Ah
Ehying. a Chinese woman, was pass
ing Paladi at Washington street and
Waverly place on Wednesday after
noon Paladi grabbed her headdress
and pulled off a part of it. which was
studde with gold ornaments. Paladi
ran, but was captured by the two of
ficers.■ ; "^^4^'^i^ © II \\\\ ip! America can .speak from a wider experience in treating femalo -' / ( P: * '/ '• ' ' S5Q00 °* *^ T ° ** rt On^' WhiC i^"» F E. T^^^^^ flJwMlil
DECLARES SHE
IS PENNILESS
Jlrs. Anderson Asks Court
to Compel Husband to Sujv
port Her Pending Divorce
• Alexander R. Anderson, who is suing
Fanny Anderson for divorce on the
ground of desertion^ has been ordered
to appear before Judge iiebbard on
March 3 to show cause why he should
not be compelled to support his wife
pending the BcUorL In an allidavit filed
by Mrs. Anderson tshe says that be
cause of her husband's cruel treatment
of. her eh«- had to leave him last Janu
ary, and has ever since, because of
Illness due to his brutality, been un
able To provide herself with even the
common necessities of life.
Samuel Harris was ordered to appear
befoTe Judpe Murasky next Tuesday to
explain his failure to pay to Jennie
Harris, his former wife, the alimony
he was ordered to pay when she se
cured a divorce last February. She
says he owes her J1S0.
Violet Buell, formerly Violet Rosen
<rantz. who in ISStJ secured a decree of
divorce from Moses Iiosencrantz, a Yu
kon miner of means, together with the
custody of their one child and $50 a
month alimony, and who subsequently
consented to waive the alimony, wants
the court to again decree that it should
be paid. She filed an affidavit yester
day in which she avers that the sup
port of the child is too heavy a burden
for her.
Frank Campbell was Bent to jail for
two days yesterday by Judge Murasky
•for failing to pay to Dora Campbell,
his former wife, $20 alimony.
Mary X. Rutherford, plaintiff in an
•action for divorce against John J.
rfuthcrford. was awarded the custody
cf their one child by Judge Murasky.
After she filed the suit Rutherford took
.the child and refused to give her up
and Mrs. Iiutherford sued out a writ
of habea« corpus.
Annie Jeffress, plaintiff in the suit
for divorce in which Harry J. Jeffress
is defendant, secured an order in the
Superior Court jesterday directing Jeff
ress to appear before Judge Murasky
to-day to show cause why he should
not pay his wife $50 a month alimony
pecding: the suit, $50 costs of court and
JlOO counsel fees. She says she is pen
niless.
Decrees of divorce for desertion were
granted to Frank 1. Kelly from Evilio
Kelly and Amanda McLaughlin from
Henry McLaughlin.
Puits for divorce for neglect were
filed by Lillie P. Barrett against W.
H. Barrett. Nellie M. Williams against
pliver N. Williams and Rose E. O'Brien
against Walter G. O'Brien. Desertion
is the gTound upon which Joseph Muz
zio is suing Klvezzia Muzzio.
.yKW REGULATIONS FOR
PRIVATE 31 AILING CARDS
Tilings Whirh Are Not Permitted on
Them or Postals Under Any
Consideration.
The postal authorities have an
nounced that on and after July 1 no
private mailing cards will be received
nl the postottiee containing: the words
•*United States of America" on any
part of the -Card. Postal cards con
taining advertisements on the address
«ide will not be received, no matter
how much postage may be paid on
rtiem. •Advertisements, pictures and
th« like may be placed on the other
hide of the card. The general regula
tian is that nothing: shall appear on
I the address side except the address
:ind the postage stamp. It is strictly
forbidden also to write or print the'
picture of a postage stamp on any
. jiart of the card. This will be deemed
' counterfeiting.
J.ino From Hie lx>s; Dock of Hie Cal
ifornia Limited.
"I. consider the Santa Fe unsurpassed
by £ny route in the world for scenery,
ujxA the service is complete in every re-
Fpect." Ttaeo. Ager. Baldwin Place. Man-
Chester Co.. New York. •
fuel:, free
TO WA..T ADVERTISERS
IX NEXT SUNDAY'S CAM*
THE GLOW NIGHT LAMP,
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
Invaluable for bedrooms, sick
chambers, halls, nurseries. Jiatli-
roonis. staircases, etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
A WANT AD. IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
DECENCY WINS
COURT BATTLE
Judi>e Hehbard Refuses tols
sue Injunction to Prevent
Police Raiding Xymphia
The i>olicp of Pan Francisco hp.ve a
perfect ripht to raid the Hotel Nymphia.
at 739 Pacific street, even if they have
to enter the place through the restau
rant kept by one Vincento Luccich, who
since January 16 last has. by the aid of
the injunction law, been endeavoring to
prevent the officers from entering the
resort. Judfre Hrbbard, in whose court
the injunction proceedings have been
pending, decided yesterday that the
restaurant was only a blind, that unless
the dens in the rear were allowed to re
main open its proprietor would be his
own best customer, and that therefore
it was maintained simply to cover the
entrance and exit of those who occu
pied the dens and visitors to the place.
In accordance with this decision he dis
solved the order temporarily restrain
ing the police from raiding the place,
and denied the motion of Luccich's at
torneys to make the injunction per
manent.
Judge Hebhard decided the matter
from the bench at the close of an ar
gument by the attorneys for the police,
Father Carraher and the restaurant
proprietor that lasted for several hours.
In denying the injunction he said:
"The record of the case prevents any
decision on the question of the right of
the police to arrest the women. • The
court has simply to deal with the ques
tion of Luccich's connection with the
resort. The restaurant is an adjunct
and a name for an unlawful place of
business. The plaintiff comes into this
court beyond the pale of the law, and
the court cannot by injunction assist
the plaintiff in an unlawful business.
The temporary injunction issued by
this court is therefore dissolved, and
the motion for a permanent injunction
is denied."
Hie Original Little Bencfleeneia Piib
lica Company of San Francisco.
Organized September, 1893.
SPECIAL., NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed before the public from time to time,
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to buy only from respon
sible agents and to see that their tickets read
as fellows:
THE ORIGINAL. LITTLE BEXEFICENCIA
PLBL1CA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO, ORGANIZED SEPTEMBER, 1803.
Each coupon has the initials M. & F. on the
face and back cf the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by THE BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
''OJ1PAXY of the City of Mexico, February
25 1!*>4: No. 1TS512 wins $7500, sold Jn San
Francisco. Cal. : No. 87S0 wins $2000. «old in
Kan Francisco. Cal.; No. 16197 wins $1200, Fold
in San Francisco and Ogden. Utah; Nos. 2G140,
31430, 3Hj"20, 43710 and C3720 each win |}25,
Fold in Sacramento, Alameda. San Jose, Ven
tura and San Krancleco, Cal.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above M. & F. Company for January 28.
l'.K>4: H. J. Barada (proprietor Ami Grotto),
25 Eddy *t.. Ean Francisco. Cal.. 57500; W. H.
Gendar, Francisco Hotel. Turk and Taylor sts.,
Han Francisco. CaJ.. 51250; paid to Wells-Far
so's Bank. San Francisco. Cal., for client,
51250; O. H. Bcgart, 1145 Bush St., San Fran
cleco, Cal.. 51250. , •
Peculiar Will Is Probated.
The will of the late Henry Howe
was admitted to probate yesterday by
Judge Kerrigan, and Caroline J.
Smith, sole legatee under the will,
was appointed its executrix. The will
was made by Howe in 1887. In 1889
he became suddenly insane and tore
the document up. Mrs. Smith, In
whose house he was living at the time
and who cared for him during his
last illness, picked up the pieces of
the win and pasted them together,
returning the document to him when
he again regained his senses. He kept
it and when a few months ago he died
it was found among his effects and
promptly offered for probate by Mrs.
Fine Leather Goods.
Wrist bags, chatelaines, pocketbooks,
card cases, letter^ cases and billhooks.
Best goods at lowest prices, and' lettered
in gold free of charge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market, st. •
To Electrize Steam Road.
City Engineer Grunsky yesterday
received from the Board of Works the
petition of the United Railroads for
permission to electrize 'the present
California-street steam road. The
City Engineer will prepare a report on
the petition which will be transmit
ted to the ooard in the course of a
nonth. B3SvS
Let Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." Ack
jour dealer— wholesale— 900 Dolores tt. • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1904.
TIMBER CASES
ARE DISMISSED
Nolle Prosequi Entered in
Favor of Engle and Other
Lumbermen of Sierra
In accordance with recent rulings of
United States Circuit Judge Grosscup
of Chicago, United States District
Judge Hanford of Seattle and of Judge
Rodgera of Arkansas, United States
Districr Judge de Haven yesterday
granted the of United States
District Attorney Woodworth for a
nolle prosequi in the case of the United
States against James M. Engle, Rich
ard II. Lewis, William 5- Lewis and
A. W. Keddie, indicted for subornation
of perjury in connection with certain
timber land entries in Sierra and Plu
mas counties.
Earlier in the day Bert Schlesinger,
counsel for the defendants, appeared
in court and asked that Saturday of
this week be set as^the day for the
trial. Shortly thereafter Assistant
United States Attorney Ben L.. Mc-
Kinlay moved that a nolle prosequi be
entered and the case dismissed.
Judge de Haven asked whether this
was one of the timber fraud cases In
which a conviction had been already
secured and Mr. McKinlay replied that
he was not familiar with the case, it
having been in charge of the late Ed
ward J. Banning when acting as As
sistant United States District Attorney,
and he would therefore refer the mo
tion to Mr. Woodworth.
WOODWORTH RENEWS MOTION'.
Mr. Woodworth then came in and re
newed the motion- He said that it
would be impossible to obtain a con
viction on the three materiJil counts in
the indictment, because witnesses who
had testified on the previous trial had
disappeared and the evidence at the
disposal of the prosecution was not
sufficient to warrant a verdict.
Judge de Haven remarked that thcr2
was enough evidence at the former
trial because the jury brought in a ver
dict of conviction.
Mr. Woodworth stated further that
he had authorities to show that should
another verdict of conviction be had in
the case it would not stand under the
recent decisions in United States
courts. i • ;. -
"This Is a matter which you do on
your own responsibility," said Judge de
Haven. "I am only taking care to see
that the responsibility is placed where
it belongs. I require that the order,
which you want entered, be read in
court."
The order was read and the case
was thereupon dismissed.
The defendants were convicted sev
eral months ago, but Judge de Haven
granted them a new trial because he
had refused to give to the Jury the fol
lowing' instruction in accordance with
the decision of the United States Su
preme Court in the case of the United
States against Budd:
• ARKANSAS DECISION;
"That before the defendants could be
convicted the proof must show that the
entrymen, before their application to
purchase, had made an agreement with
the defendants by which the title they
were to acquire from the United States
should Inure to the benefit of thft de
fendants."
The decision of Judge Rodgers of
Arkansas in a similar case is quoted,
among others, by United States Attor
ney Woodworth as a reason for dis
missing the case. The following is the
vital point:
"The fact that a lumber company lent
money without security to persons to
enable them to enter and pay for land
under the timber and stone act in the
expectation that when the entrymen
obtained title it would be enabled to
buy the timber from such lands by
reason of the fact that it had the only
mill in the vicinity does not render
the entries invalid for fraud where
there was ,no agreement for the sale
prior to the entries, but each man was
free to keep the timber or to sell it to
others; nor are such entries invalid
as made on 'speculation* because tin*
persons making them did so with the
intention of selling the timber for their
own benefit."
Masruire Goes to the Fair.
James W. Maguire, examiner No. 2,
class 5, in the San Francisco Custom-"
house, has been designated by the Sec
retary of the Treasury to Inaugurate
a bureau 'of appraisement and exami
nation at the St. Louis fair. Mr. Ma
guire had been recommended by Cus
toms Collector Stratton on accountof
previous experience. at the Midwinter
Fair and at the Tacoma fair,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
REPORT SHOWS
BIG INCREASE
State Commission Completes
Its Examination Into Fi
nancial Status of Banks
The State Bank Commission's report |
on the financial condition of the 312
savings, commercial and private banks
of California shows that'the gains in
assets and deposits from last Septem
ber to January 23 were JS.972,187 43 and
$5,0S6,871 51, respectively. Every insti
tution under the jurisdiction of the
board is said to be enjoying great pros ;
perity. The statement of resources ana
liabilities of all 'banks in the State.'
based on the returns of January 23; is^
as follows:
Resources — Bank premises, $8.3Cft,3.S7 S3;
real estate taken tor <lebt. $11,764,703 73: mis
cellaneous stocks and bonds, $10.">,U24,0«> S3;
loans on real estate, ■ $H2,S«S4."a:» M; loans on
stocks, bonds and warrants, $37.043,8U.'} 78;
loans on other securities, SlO.O&VHil 40; loans
on personal security. $tH.IT>3,oT0 43; money on
hand. $21,703,068 .'«; due from banks and bank
ers. $40,083,064 21; other assets. $;{,023.2»!» 11.
Total resources, $456,312,494 62. Liabilities —
Capital paid In coin. $40,174,128 10; reserve
fund and profit and lot.", $3it,9'.U,S.'>0 69; due
depositors. $:ir»O.«H,171 03; due banks and
bankers, J14,S21,99!» 22; State, county or city
money, $731,239 44; othor liabilities, fJ,t)Sl>,
100 21. Total liabilities, $450,312, 104 02.
The board also issued the following
report yesterday c-n the financial con
dition of the 195 interior commercial
banks: .
Resources — Bank premises. $2,504,00$ 08; real
estate taken for debt, $1,O7S,24S 50; stocks and
'bonds, ?9,200,04!) 20; loans on real estate,
$17,813,222 S3: loans on stocks, bonds and war
rants. $«,213.197 :;<»; loan's on other securities,
$:{,•*■«•. ."(i:; M: loans on personal security ami
overdrafts, $:J3,02J>,«)04 45; money on hand.
$6,0O7,59!> OS; due from banks and bankers,
(13,078,245 8(3: other assets, $l,08'J,074 23.
Total resource?, $l»ti,KJ8,rir>5 30. «
Liabilities— Capital paid in coin, $20,437.
.703 14: reserve' fund and pYoflt and loss,
$8,25S,Oll 03; due depositors', $l>4, 440,515 (<•"!;
due banks and bankers, $2,146.1)03 SO; State,
county or city money, $717.f>r>0 tt«; other liabili
ties $S31,407 01. Total liabilities, $00.8.iX,
555 20. A .
STUDENTS COMPETE IN
POSTER DESIGN* DRAWING
Pupils in Polytechnic High School
Will Exhibit Samples of Work
for St. Louis Fair.
The pupils of the Polytechnic High
School are exhibiting a lot of draw
ings, architectural, artistic, design
and poster, ■ preparatory to sending
them to the St. Louis Exposition.
Every one is invited to visit the last
exhibit to-day between 3 and 4
o'clock. The students of the school
have competed in drawing poster de
signs for the cover of the portfolio
which is to contain the drawings of
the school for the St. Louis fair. Some
forty students have entered the com
petition and the results of their ef
forts in the poster line are remark
able. Some of the posters show much
thought and study in the students'
endeavor to make them symbolic of
the Golden State and especially of the
city of Sun Francisco.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon
and President Roncovieri of the Board
of Education have been selected as a
committee to choose the Doster de
sign to be used as a cover for the ex
hibit. The students who have drawn
posters so well are Sophie Czarnecki.
Bessie Glover, Kenny Johnson, Irene
Lesser, Hazel Mills, Gertrude Me-
Mahon, Carrie Moore, Hazel Snell.
Viovienhe Urry. Marien Aune, Wilna
Beverly, Florence Hassinger, Mabel
McFarland, Marion Nutting, Jessica
Smitten, Marion Traverner, 'Hubert
Roth, Miss II. Ashton, Eleanor Reevea,
Mark Hall. Paul Terry. Jessica Blum
enthal, Geraldine Cowles, Hazel Mote,
Louise Clawson. I. W. Melsted, Bes
sie Glover, Myrtle Smith, Margaret
Thompson, Francis Tyler, Frank Dra
per, Miss Wanda Hadenfeldt, Eva
Johnson. Laura • Quincy, Gertrude
Rose. Josie Flyshaker, May Fitzhenry
and Edith- Rodda.
Captain Harts Fights.
Captain William H. Harts of the
United States Engineer Corps ha3 em
ployed the law firm of Lukens &
Wright to contest the condemnation
proceedings in the- United: States Dis
trict Court against^, $600, worth of
goods that were attempted. to be land
ed in his baggage without the payment
of duty. •
Seawell Releases Helbing.
Ernest Helbing, who was recently
adjudged guilty of contempt of court
for refusing. to; obey a court order di
recting; him .to return to H..E. Flem
ing a lot of tools and ordered confined
in the County Jail, secured his release
on a writ of, habeas corpus in Judge
■ Seawell's court ; yesterday.
FREE MARKETS
FOR FLOWERS
Supervisors' Street Commit
tee IJecommendsPassage of
Bill Granting Privileges
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday recommended the passage of
the proposed ordinance submitted by
the Merchants' Association providing
for the establishment of free public
flower markets at certain designated
points on public sidewalks. The peti
tion of the Merchants' Association was
supplemented- by a communication | of
the California Outdoor Art League urg
ing the passage of the ordinance.
The absence from the meeting of the
retail flower dealers, who are opposed
to the plan, was taken by the com
mittee as a sign that the former intend
to test the legality Of the ordinance,
claiming that It grants special privi
leges in violation of the charter in view
of Judge Murasky's recent decision re
moving: the bootblack stands from the
sidewalks: The Street Committee was
rather inclined to this opinion, but not
withstanding reported In favor of the
bill.
Supervisor Rock thought the grant
ing permission to flower venders to oc
cupy the sidewalks at Market and Pow
ell, Market and Third, Geary and Mar
ket* and Kear'ny and Geary streets, as
designated. by the ordinance, would re
result in the occupancy of too much
space, with the consequent obstruction
to pedestrian traffic.
"I favor the selling of flowers on the
streets," said Rock, "but the. people
should be considered and the sidewalks
should not be obstructed."
L. M. King, secretary of the Mer
chants' Association, spoke for the pas
sage of the ordinance. Supervisor
Braunhart favored one general location
for the sale of flowers, while Connor
thought there should be severaF loca
tions. Connor said fully 70 per cent of
the ilowers sold on the streets would
not be purchased in the flower stores.
Mrs. E. F. Glaser spoke for the Out
door Art League, stating that in Paris
there is a flower market where flow
ers can be purchased at a very low
price.
After hearing the argument the com
mittee voted In favor of the bill with
an amendment providing that no priv
ilege shall be granted to any flower
vender to stand within ten feet of the
property iine of so-called "gore" cor
ners. -.'■%'. \-\:\'
Steals a Large Turkey.
Henry Maxim, who has served sev
eral terms in the State's prison and
County Jail, yesterday stole a turkey
from the store of Bianchi & Co., 533
Washington street. He was arrested
on Montgomery street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1| Cut the Can M
III and compare the quality of |S|
n Brand H
g Evaporated •■
JHMwith any of its imitations. Km
i|8| Note the difference. See how Sg|
Kh smooth and appetizing our i|||
tags product is, owing to its ffiS
P$t heavy consistence, which Ha
HH keeps the butter fat equally W
■ m distributed, in contrast with JM -
js||l the cheap and thin imita- Hyf
Jfff|l tions which allow the but- Hft
J&2jm t;r * at , to " s e and form f&SJk,
AMUSEMENTS.
bULUMJSIA wows mm
Limited Tour and Farewell .Appearances.
DENMAN THOMPSON
(Hlmee\f) In the greatest of all rural plays,
xrirfitly, THE This 'Week
Including f% I W\ and
Snadayi. [ /// // I Weit Week.
HOMESTEAD.
:' :.;'r MATINEES SATURDAYS ONLY.
March 7— "THE SILVER SLIPPER."
CALIFORNIA
/&& TO-NXQBT flkk
g W. C. NANKEVILLE'S
N Successful Melodrama, y
I ..HUMANJEARTS,. 1
I NEXT SUNDAY |
H James A. Herne' s Famous Comedy. H
I SAG HARBOR |
Exceptionally Strong Cast. H
A Herne Production is Always High ■
raj - . Class. n
|5 Eeats now *!lnff. y
A T £> k *7 A TJBelasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR ES3SS
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mati. Sat. and Sun.
A GREAT LAUGHING HIT!
* "Real Solid Laughter." — Post.
The Wrong «
Mr. Wright .*-
BRIMFUL OF MERRIMENT.
Eves.. 25c to 75c. Mats.. Sat. St Sun., 25c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY— J. K. Jerome's Comedy.
iSJH&JSK. MISS HOBBS
MONDAY. MARCH 14— PARSIFAL.
Market Street, Near Eighth. .Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIOHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Mammoth Oriental Spectacle.
KING OF THE
i OPIUM RING
A Stupendous Production! Gorgeous Scenery'.
Panorama of San Francisco Bay!
The Opium Dens of Chinatown!
Human Ladder of Acrobatic Chinks!
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 50c
rnlWLj Matinees 10c. 13c. 25c
Next Week— A BREAK FOR LIBERTY.
A Good II: Return!
You Get Ten Times the Price.
ROLY POLY
Such a Charmingly Funny, a Number One Mu-
sical Comedy.
Magnificently Put On!
Hear "Dora" . and "Ramona," the Big Song.
Hiu.
Our "AJ1 Stat" Cast. Including: KOLB AND
DILL. JOHN PEACHEY. BEN T. DILLON.
ALLEN CURTIS. HELEN RUSSELL. NEL-
LIE LYNCH.
Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 23c and 50c.
, Monday, March 7— "THE R0UNDER8."
Seat* Now ■ on Sale. , .•
Racing !jlii^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEX CLUB.
Commencing February 22.
Racine; Each Week Day. Rain or Sbtse. .
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains ttoppinr at the track taka
S. P.' Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:20.
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladles and their
escort*.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:13 and immediately' after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. ■ ■ ;
f> T> TT O Tl 17 O '^OR BARBERS. BA-
XjjLlUOniuO kers, bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewer*, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mill*, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. . painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BtTCHA HAW BHOS.,
Braib Manufacturer!. 609 Sacramento St,
AMUSEMENTS.
Look at the Names!
FOsbn and Errol; fiirarri and Gard-
neV; George W. Day and Morris and
Rowrn. Last times of the Eight
Vassar (iirls; Werner - Amorosi
Troupe; Harry Thomson, and Or-
pheum Motion Pictures, Illustrat-
ing Longfellow's "Hiawatha."
Regular Matinees erery Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Trices 10c. 25o
«nd 50c.
"TIV.0US5&
POSITIVE LT LAST 1 PERFORMANCES Of
When Johnny Corns? Marching Home
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 29
THE GYPSY BARON
FIRST APPEARANCE IX EXGLIsfl O¥
SIG. D0MEIMC0 RUSSO
The Favorite Tenor.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
t'fcual Popular Prices 23c. 50c and 73c
Box Seat* 11.00
MATINEK TO-MORP.OW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
The Young Irish SI. igins Comedian
THOMAS J- SMITH
In Con T. Murphy's Comedy Drama.
THE GAMEKEEPER
WEEK BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE,
FT^MIMK: BACON ,
In the Successful Comedy Drama.
THE HILLS OF CALIFORNIA.
DDirtC Eveninss 15c 2.V. 50c 73o
rKlvrj M*tince« 15c. 25c. 50e
Ziska and King.
Kelly and VIoIette, Irvlns Jones
......AND A OESAT SHOW.—
Every Afternoon and Evcainx Is tn«
Heated Theater.
SEE THE INTERESTING BABIES IN THE
INFANT INCUBATORS.
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
Admission. U'c: Children. Go
When PhoninR. Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
KILTIES
The Greatest Band of All. and the
Famous Clan Johnslons Troups of Dancers
ALHAMBRA THEATER
LAST T.HREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES To-Day Saturday and Sunday.
Every Udy at Saturday matinee presented
with a handiome album." containing words and
music of Scotch nongs.
SATURDAY NlG-U. RAGTIME SMOKER
POPULAR PRICES.
Seat! on Sate at Sherman. Clay A Co.'*.
HAROLD BAUER
The Great Pianist
LYRIC HALL
Next Tuesday and Tborsdaj Nights, Mar. 1-3
and Saturday Matinee, March 5
SEATS $1.00. $1.50 and $2.00
Ready To-morrow at Sherman. Clay * Co.'a.
when complete prcgranmea may b« obtained.
Paiarp dont fail to
lamWW see the beautiful
i COURT Lounging
flflfl room. th« EMPIRE
•.tt« U . PARLOR, the
r a PALM ROOM, the
lirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU lor, and the LA-
O . * DIES' WRITING
I Hotels | £ooM^
1112
THt: GLOW NIGHT LAMP, A 5CIL:NJFIC WONDER, fRCC
THB^CALL
JOHK P. SPBECgZI^S. Proprietor.
'/Zotss ccEgimicgncis ta IOEH KcKiUGET, Masagr
".V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
juk fnr THE CALL The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou Wish.
• -biica-Uon CfSce Market and TfclnJ. 8. F.
: .'..tortal F.oom 217 to 221 Stevenson «t.
itivvered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 76
Ct». Per Month. SlngU Copie* 6 Cents.
lt.rwm kr M«.iu Including Postag* (Cash With
ar -** r > : . c /-I
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year... JS 00
PAILT CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 6 tno«.... 4 00
DAILY CALI^-Sy Single Month •&<=
St'JCDAT CALL 1 T"ar 2.60
YTEEKLT CALL. 1 Year 100
FOPEIGV f Daily... $8.60 Per Tear Extra
POST^rF Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ We<k j y . j.oo Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Ccples will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall evbecribers in ordering change of a<J-
dre*e «hou:d b« particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt ec<l correct compliance- with their re-
Cuert.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
Ili8 Broatiway Telephone Mala 1083
BERXELET OFFICE.
2148 Center Etreet Telephone Nortlx 7T
Washington correspondent^
CAMTEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aetoria Hotel; A. Bretano, SI
TTr.lon Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shensan House: P O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Trem'ont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KR.OGNESS. .Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. • 'Central 2618.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building j
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
BTSnrCES OFFICE of The San Francleco
Call corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock avety n!ght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: -
tons Market ttreet, opposite Fifth; open until
II r- m.
t27 Montgomery etrett corner Clay; open ua-
tl! P:30 p. m.
rr« Have* street; open until 8:30 p. m.
6.19 MrAllifter *trert; open until 9:30 p. m.
fU> Lfcrkin street; op«*n until 9:30 p. m.
J?«41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
t261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
106 Eirvcnth ftrret; open until 9 p. m.
J096 Valencia Ftrrrt; orTi until 9 p. m.
Northea*t corner Church and Duncan street! ;
Dpea until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftrpfty; open until 9 p. m.
MKETI.NG :«OTICBa.
CALIFORNIA CommandTy No. IK.—.
T.— R»-?ular assembly THIS EVEN- *ET*
ING Rt ;:."A Order of Temple. All JTJ*
frafrt courteously invited. tap
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Ccmmander. **
T. I.. HEN I >KR SON. He/xrder.
PACIFIC Lodge No. J3fi. F. and A. M.. a
fttawcie TpmiT'l-. rr»-«>ti= THIS EVEN- VV
INC. 7 o'clock. 3 D. ,^W\
OEO. PEXUXGTOX. Sec.
APOLLO Lodge No.~I23, fT rT~O "
F — Initiation THIS (FRIDAY! -£sigiy>i&.
NIGHT. FVbruan IN. also visit t S@£55e*d
ot Sovereign Grand Ix.<ip* r*>o*?jj- ""'"^A^tfBa*'"
tion commiitw and final artion on resolu-
tion u» appropriate money toward entertain-
ment of Grand Lodge. Visitors
cordially invited.
GEORGE C. TERRILL. N. G.
W. F. NORCUOSS, Recording Secretary.
PRT?IDIO Lo<!te No 334, I O ~Z>^H^~
O. F— Initiation THIS < FR I -
VY) EVENING h. -i-.<-. 2G ~J y Z<&»J?'3
ANDREW NOKIN N. G. *TwS?g y
W. H. SHAJiPE. Sec.
£AN FRANCISCO TVnt Nn. 18. JP£P£9»l
K y -. M Review THIS &&_}$$&.
ifrTdayi evening, at * L T^ i ~r\iz<&
(•clock. Pi.>neer Hall, 24 fcpljj y* m2|
' D. B. RICHARDS. V&k£&3rf&fir
::• rd Keeper. > <£Sl5Sk
ANNUAL MEETING— Paauhau fupar Planta-
tiorj Company— Thr regular annual meetiriK
of the stockholder* of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will l* neM at the
ofhee of the comfari}-. 327 Market ttreet.
rccrn 4^ second floor. In the city and couiiiy
of Pan Francisco. Ftate of «"alifornis. on
6ATLRDAY. the Mh day of March. A. D
lf>04. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to serve- for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of men ether business us may
l.r<-r*r!y come before tr,e meeting:. Transfer
books will close on TUESDAY, February 23
lt<4 at the hour of .T o'clock d m
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Sugar
Piartation Comrury. ::27 Market Et.. r=an
Franciisco. Cal.
ANNUAL Meting— H^katau Plantation Com-
r«r,v— The regular annual meeting of the
fVfkho!<3erF of the HAKALAU PLANT V-
T1ON COMPANY will be held at the office
o?* the company. 327 Market F t. (room 4.
•e<vnd floor), in the city «nd county of San
J-'ranrisro. ftat* of California, on WKD-
NEFDAY. the 2d nay of Ma:ch. 1904 at
the hour of II o'clock a. ir... for the pur-
j"*e of electing a Board of Directors to
Ftrwc for th« .-rt*uing rear, and for the'
tr«nfartlcn of surh other business as may i
property come before ihe nr-rtinK. Trans-
fer b-^ks wlil c!o*e on SATURDAY Febru-
• ry 2". ir>r,4, at the hour of .1 o'clock p. m
H. W. THOMAS. Seovtary Haka!au Plan-
tation Comj«ny. 327 Market st.. San Fran- I
tlnoo. California. San Francisco. Cal.. Feb.
Kill ICE of nr.nual stockholders' meeting— The
rea-ular annual mr^-tlnr of stockholders I
*f At-sorU'ed Oil Con:pany <a t-or;iorati'>nj
■»r.l ba he!<S at the office <>r the company !
«-l«venth fiV.or. Hay ward building, fan F-an'
ci»co Csllfc-rni*. on MONDAY S9th day
cT February. 1!*4. at the h<~ur of 10 a m
frr the j-urpose of electi-.c a Board of Direct!
nri to wne for the fnsuing jfar and the
ttar.ractk-n of scoh ether business as rr.av '
oo.-n« bf-fore the meeting. This noitce " it,
j-r!nt <! in tli* San Francisco Call by order
HT.4 direction of Beard of Directors of At.
t .-.elated Oil Cjfnpanjr.
O. SCRIBNER. Secreta-y
Cff>«— Eleventh IWr. llayward building, j
Pan Francisco, ''al. Dntcrt Feb. Jfi, ;9O4..
THE California Drbris Commission having re-
i-elved ai'Plication to min<- by hydraulic nrc- I
cess fron; the New Hichland Gold ar.d <~op- i
per Mining Company. |n Mamaiuke sravti
ir.ine. n ?8 r Georgetown. F.1 D-rado Cooaty !
Cal. im inir.gr Utu Canyon Cr~ek. which l
reaches American River. »riv<>s notice that
n meeting «flj be heid at room !»«5. Flood
buiKitiK. fcan FranOco. Ca!.. March 7. 1904
A Ruukfl news for 5 c»nt*— The Wi»Hy CalL
If. ivges. in wrai-per.fr.r mailing. $1 per year.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENCIES for every city of the 'unien for the 1
garauta Hair Tonic Co.: liberal terms. 414
»■»! Ft.t San Pran<-i«?o. Cal.
ADVEBTXSEaiEarT VTEHTTSO.
HAVING recently acquired "through" excrTanVe '
ft property thr** S4.» scholarships la the best
L>w«S*> <>f MverUtbm In the fniied Sta-et"
I will sell them at 2T. per cent discount for
cask: th*- coi!«- B r teaches advertisem-nt writ- i
inj? by corr«>sr.<-n.i''nce and aw=Uts its prad-
l ?'iTL *° f * cur '' iWtir.TiR; catalogues fur-
r:»!-.fVi ..r: apj-ii.-ation. Addro»» box WM. Call, j
ATTOR\lZYr-AT-LAW r .
W. H. BITTNEIt ""
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
Advice Free. Phone South 743
• Suite ST2. Emrr-a Krrcckeu Buildlnr
1 forces nulttly and legally obtained for
. icht causes; Camagws secured for Injuries to
ic:?on or eKtate; replevins for property un-
lawfully fietaineJ; attachments and carnish
. tnrr.t* lor debts: bends furnished; ba-kruptcy '
\sr<».ei!a:i-.f:r: wi!!r probated: ottates* fettled- !
<o!;«-ctlcrs made in all pai ts of the V. S '
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a *mall fee
Se«> me und mve money; no pay in advane-
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY- AT- LA W
r.rta Wished 22 yn\ ; rms. I, 2. 3, 4 & 5. f s t fl
JJ22 Marktt st.. between Mason and Taylor'
Advice free all matters. Detectives '-mployed!
H. W. KING, Attorney-at-L«w, Exam. bldg.
Cth Hoar, entrance room till; established 20
;. fars: all cases, c«>neral court and office prac-
tice; ro fee Jn advance or for consultation;
♦•venlnFi" by appointment. Tel. Red C0C1.
ADVICE FREE]
Columbian Law and Collection Areney.
lloom *5. fllC Markrt n.; tel. John G220.
L. m. CLARK. 927 Market -t.; consultation
fw*-; no fefs In advance; open evenincs.
DIVORCE— Corts. $12; <iu!ck. quiet; adv-lee j
tr<*. open eveclnsa. S27 Market St., nn. SOL '
BTSIJTESB CHANCES.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and ahooUnK
*allery. averaging about $9 60 per day; ex-
pense* about 55" per day; will eell or trade
f&r lodEing-houee. Be* R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A — $1200; COFFES saloon and bakery In choic-
est location; rent SfcO; dally receipts about
$70; a good business, but sickness of owner
compels him to retire. Particular* R. G.
WILKE. 2t$Vi Keamy »t. -
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton ats.; rent l~I>: a eplendld loca-
tion and rare business chance. See R. G.
WILKE, 2ti?4 Kearny at. '
A— $2250; STEAM laundry aad property;
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition; In thriving country town about
75 milee from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars see R. G. WILKE. 2C& Kearny.
A BAKERY acrosr th« bay, with lot 60x100;
house of 4 rooms. 2 stories; 2 horses, wag-on,
etc.; price $3600; not ail cash required; a
rood bueiness. Call R. G. WILKE. 20ft
Kearny et.
A— $750; SALOON; estab. many years: 3 years'
lease; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
California sts.; elegant fixtures; a good busl-
. ness and a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
WILKJv. 26% Kearny st.
A— «4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar: card and private rooms: kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny »t.
A— 13000; GRILL room and cafe; tbe leading
establishment In Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other Inx-estments only cause of sale. Sc*
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4% barrels
pf-r. da}'; dally sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large nock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A — $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10,
choicest location In the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth St., Market and Stockton;
place speaks for Itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE, 20% Kearny St.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur-
niehed rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
bueiness where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $450; FURNITURE store on Valencia St.,
with large bawment. 2 living rooms; rent
$22 fiO: Investigate this cheap offer and a
rreat bargain. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on G»ar>
■t.; rent $10; lease: 3 horses. 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A- CAMERON &. CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy- Ft., tor Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster aid chop houses $350 to 51000
Candy and Ice cream parlors... $200 to $'jr>00
Parbor Ehor-s $500 to $2.">G0
Clear stands $."530 to $2000
Groceries and bars JoliO to $.V>00
Saloons $300 to JIO.OOU
Kestaurants $35O to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $.<00 to $l<«;0
Iiruf stores $2000 to $0000
I'elicat.psen Ftore* $250 to $15iK)
Wcx>d and coal yards $250 to $1000
FOR 5nle or fade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in <'al.; tseays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'ms house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sal' — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candles; established 8
yparf; cltars over J20O per month; will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the bost restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bf-ar investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply ttore; r«nt
$4<>; well located; clearing; $;MX> p*»r month; 4
living rooms; first-class proposition; will
stanJ strict Investigation; price SSOOO.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR 6ale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best Interior
city in State; less than ■'> houre' ride from
San Francisco; 20 acres land; 36-room furn.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can K't longer; rental f.VK) per year; horses,
buggies, 2 cowf; bar well equipped; billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetables,
hf.y. chickens, efc; big money to be made;
price $22M; account death. CAMERON &.
CO.. 3 Lddy Et.
F. A BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1846
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A SPECIAL bargain— Barber shop. 5 chairs.
30 baths: Sixth-tt. location; lease. See
BROOKBANK.
A — SPECIAL bargain: oyster and chophouae;
old established; fine location. Make offer to
BROOKBANK.
A-jrift; DELICACY store; north Market; fine
l<-tf-atir>n; jrr.od trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nished. BROOKBANK.
A— f20t;; PARTNER in well-established office
bus-iness < IrarinB $7." to $I<iO mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity beldom offered. Brookbank.
A— ?700; SALOON; old established; finely fit-
ted; Al local! %: cheap rent; 3 years' lease;
d-m't fail to we this. BROOKBANK.
A— $</>0: OYSTER and chop house; corner busy
St.; dally r^cpts $30; cheap rent. Hrookhank.
CARRIAGE and wagon manufacturing busi-
npf-s ler sale in a large and prosperous Cal.
city; does a yearly trade of over $125,000;
Iibs on hand at present time work worth
STOW; working to fullest capacity; modern
bri^k workshops, well stocked and fully
•■quipped with up-to-dat«* machinery: excel-
lent house of 9 rooms adjoining; established
1*S7. Owner having met with serious acci-
dent Incapacitating him from further work
offers hi.« business at the sacrifice price of
$22,000. For further particulars apply
"Cowper." E. C. DAKE'S Advertising
Apency, San Francisco.
THE Twentieth Century Co.. 027 Market St..
rv.oni 21S has tbe b*st money maker for
salesmen on the market; it Is a ready seller
and big profits.
SEE the Twentieth Century Co. for a good In-
vestment. Room 21S. Emma Ppreckels bldg
J»27 Market st. . «-
F'"'R th«? newest device on the market, see the
Twentieth Century Co.. room 21S. Emma
Spreckels bldg.. 827 Market et.
A DELICACY and branch bakery; one of the
best propositions In the city; established four
years; 4 furnished living rooms; only $500.
SKIRM. 6 Kddy st.. room 72.
■fAR-BEHS. attention! Fine downtown shop: 4
chair*: Al business-; only $300; 10 others.
6KIRM. «i Eddy St.. room 72.
GENTLEMAN of fine appearance, speaking
English and German perfectly, will Invest in
legitimate business. Box 4315. Call office.
I WILL sell at a reasonable price my half-
lniir«-»t in a lumber yard and planing mill
in a lood town not far from San Francisco;
have a go-»l tiade and business is Increasing.
Address box 258.1. Call office.
A GROCERY In a first-claes raining
lo-vn within a day's ride of this city; good
traar and I will sell as I have other and
larger interests which command my atten-
tion. Box 20CB. Call office.
PHOTO supply store: -fine locality; good fu-
ture: advisc-d to sell on account of falling
Jveaith. For particulars call at 134 Twelfth
•I.. 10 a. m. until 12 m.
$200 BUYS % intercut In fine payinng office
, business; $75 monthly guaranteed; steady.
reliable man wanted: no experience required;
hours 8 to 5. Call 209 Kearny. room 1.
$300 — PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, In
thoroughly established, good paying refresh-
ment parlor and grove; 45 minutes from San
Francisco. H.. box 2147. Call Office.
WANTED — A partner In a good river- boat en.
terprise. Box 2055. Call office.
AN exclusive manufacturing business for
»ale. all cr one-half interest; patented in the
United States and foreign countries; a ready
seller and big .profits. Box 20C2, Call.
$2fK> — GOOD paying restaurant; near station on
Key Route, Oakland; must sell on account of
other business. 1201. Call bldg.
GROCERY, wholesale liquor; fine chance . for
man and wife or two young men; cheap
rent; sickness. Address 1504 Guerrero st.
_ » ■ ,
ESTABLISHED ladles' tailoring business, for
rale; must be sold at once; pood reasons' for
filing. Address box 1049, Call office, Oakland.
FOJl sale — Oysj*r and chop house; In choicest
location; including furnished rooms; cheap.
Address box 21^5. Call office.
THE Twentieth Century Co. has the ', best
money maker on market. R. 218,' 927 Market.
PARTNER wanted Jn established' employment
1 office. S. J. BEAN. 17 Fourth eu
■ • • - ■ ■• ■ . ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 26, 1904.
BCSUVKSS CHANCES — Contlnne*.
A— - x • , $100 REWARD
Wtll be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money la our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $5O.CO0.
627 Market st.; rooms 321, 322. 323, 324.
HOTK1.J FOR 1 SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
completn and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing room with 10 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best sliver serv-
ice; 10 yeans' lease; 510,000: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
~~~ A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 ca«h and utrvlces secure interest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A — 2 PER CENT M*ONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estah. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANLA. INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
KINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent, $2500. part cash; corner
caloon, on water front, $1100, paying brewery
business. $2500, or will eell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for eale and exchange. EITEL A
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. ■
DELICATESSEN store for sale In a good
business location In Western Addition. Box
2554. Call office.
$600— GROCERY and bar stocked; In rood
location; rooms attached; rent cheap. Box
2541. Call office. .
SALOON license for sale; price $300. Box
2127, Call office.
SALOON for eale on account of sickness of
proprietor. 3S07 Sixteenth st.
MANUFACTURING plant; operating needs a
little cash and a good man. Box 2146, Call.
WANTED — A rood Ealesman. Room 218, Em-
ma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
GROCERY and bar for sale. Call 321 Bryant.
WANTED— A candy store; state price and full
particulars. Box 2550. Call.
SMALL hair dressing parlor; fine stock of hair
goods; bargain. 1153 Market st.
SHOPROOM, 22x40, ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderick st., between Geary and O'Farrell.
A BRANCH of flee of The Call for- the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened nt 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
LODGI.\G>HOL T SKS FOR SALES.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 t-er month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $ST>; well furnished: all new;
$600 down, balance lVa per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lea&e; clears $400 to $500 per
month: one of the best buys In the city.
S-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little pern of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in t'M to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets: clears $."0: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price ifSUO. ..-..
■ 25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture: newly painted and papered; clearing
$S0 month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room, new, modern fiat; $450 cash, balance
on Installments; income $45; price $550.
7-room flat: rent §40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
Ing $t>00 per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
10 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished: lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
CO rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
slt-nt house; clears $200 to $250 per month;
will only take $700 to get in; must leave city;
piice $2000.
lOfi rooms: cheap rent; firstTClass, up-to-^iate
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400* per
month; going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture: Axmineter carpets; beautiful flat.
2o rooms: cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease: clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms: rent only $75; Ellis; oak furni-
ture: good carpets; clears $60; leaves 3. rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
AH rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel,
south of Market; fine bar, well stocked; brick
bul'iding; t-lectrlc lights; everything good con-
dition: part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
0-room. new, modern fiat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $}S00; a bargain;
sickness.
80 rooms: part, offices; elegant new building
an.* furniture; high-class location: beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called
East. ,
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping: clears
$50: barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment
houre: luxuriously furnished ; R-year-contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new buildlns; clear-
ing $100 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 roon;s: rent $35: fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
« rooms: Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
2* rooms; r*nt only $130; first-class condi-
tion: oak. mnhogany. blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $06; price
SlSt'O; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
20 "rooms; rent $85; lease; newly renovated
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms: good
th'ns; $1500.
71 rooms; elegant, new. modern building; In
one of the best rltles of Southern California:
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-date; i)-year lease: -ent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
63 rooms; Market st.: rent only $300; fine
transient house; very central: . liquor license;
tan clear $250 xr, $350 per month: must be sold
within ten days to settle estate; only. $700 cash
I to get in. balance time; big snap.
44 rooms: rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets: 5-ycar lease; running water; <-- new
building: clears $150; $1000 down; $2800.
05 rooms; rent only $150; close In; thorough-
ly renovated: put tn first-class condition; can
be run transient if desired:- clears now $185
per month; part cash, balance time; good
money-maker. -\
SI rooms: rent $110: all light rooms: clear-
ing over $100 per mo.: regular snap: only $soo
to get in; must leave city at once;.pra-e $1300.
I**! rooms; rtnt SI per room; new and mod-
ern building: « years' le^te; can have 125
more rooms built adjoining"; all men; always
1 full: clears %'iii0 to $400 per month; fine prop-
! osition.
60 rooms: new; modern apartment house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
C E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 790.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
. Clear titles. Reliable dealings. Easy terms.
20 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $40 $573
CO rooms; trade for ranch; clears $350." H
14 rooms; rent $30: amazingly low price. $350
34 rooms; rent $«J0; Just think .$1550
23 rooms; rent $35; one floor $1100
« rooms; rent $20; a pick-up.. $130
20 rooms; clears $S0: rent $40 $850
40 rooms; mechanics' lfousc; rent $C0..-.$100O
16 rooms: rent $50; clears $63: terms. ..$050
! 31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 .$1000
- 12 rooms; California rt. : rent $50; snap. $750
10 rooms; Geary St.; clears $40; rent $28. $500
15 rooms; 6 unfurnished: rent $15 .....$425
3.V rooms; transient: lease..'.:.. $1500
8 rooms; Post St.; rent ?32; only. ...;. ..$250
12 rooms; Polk st.: partially furnished :,$45O
$1000— TO be sold for the mortgage; 14 ele-
. gantly furnished rooms; fine oak . furniture;
new carpets; cost $2000. ;606 Ellis it.
Phone South 1050.
I PR E E| A.:.MQST.:.USErUL.:.GirT [pREE 1 !
TO ALL CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS \
:■ : IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL ;
: The "Glow Night Lamp" ;
NEATLY BOXED '
: A SCIENTIFIC WONDER! \
NO SMOKE! NO SMELL!, NO WASTE I |
ALL GLASS. CONSUMES ITS OWN GAS. CANNOT LEAK.
. , ■ - \j> , ,- •
.■^£~r~^r' ;^y?'7"'a »Ilt%^i"m^^— l^tW I"*mp> showing 1 construction "of Balb, ■'**' '"^'''■''•■'i J *'i-*'^?^5*>.
Made in colors Opal, Green, Blue, —-.-*«. f
Style No. I. Purple, Amber and Ruby. Style No. a. • <
\ ONE PINT OF OIL, costing about 1 CENT, will feed this lamp 200 HOURS. '
, Invaluable for Bedrooms, Sick Chambers, All-night Hall and Bath Room Light, Nurseries,
Lavatories, Dressing Rooms, Staircases, etc., etc. * I
This invention has for its object the production of a novel lamp, particularly desirable for use as a (
' night lamp. Lamps for this purpose need not produce a laree flame; in fact, a comparatively small flame is {
1 more desirable, but it is also desirable that the lamp be capable of burning for a long period without refilling i
, and without attention and without emitting any odor. These results are positively obtained. Directions :
for use with each lamp. / • ' '
1 TELL YOUR WANTS J
S> IN NEXT SUNDAY'S- CALL S\
And you wUl be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR \
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising medium. •.
It is safe io figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to '
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom are home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of oar '
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares. • i
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT. Sun- {
day's CalL *■ '
"•j < -_ \
, * Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at: .
1 ' BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets; ]
open until 12 o'clock every night In the year. (
I BRANCH OFFICES: . j
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. m. \
1 B27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. (
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m. '
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m. j
I ' 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. (
1 2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; op«n tmtU *-p. m. .
i 106 Eleventh street;, open until 9 p. m. '
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. |
i Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m-
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky, streets; open until 9 p. in. I
1 2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p.m.
1 OAKLAND OFFICE: / ,
i 1118 Broadway i~ .....Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street.... Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store .Park Street
I.ODOTXK HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
, MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law
Uvroom apartment-house; 5 blocks north oT
Market St.; almost no work for landlady;
clears a little over $50 month; now $S50.
was $1250.
Would you pay $2000 down and run a transient
bouse fcr $500 monthly profit?
14 rooms near First Congregational Church;
rent $45; straight rooming-house; clears
J47 75 per month: oak furniture, body Brus-
sels carpets; death of owner causes thn sale.
r<6-room apartment-house, nicely located on a
corner near Van Ness ave.; full of nice, peo-
ple: thoroughly respectable and reliable.
60 rooms, well and favorably known; owners
will grant free acce«s to their account books
and prove that the clear profit Is $300 month;
elevator: electric lights; modem all through.
REMEMBER— First, that we can sell you a
21-ronm house full of roomers and clearing
$70 a month for only. $1300; second, that you
need only pay $.100 down, for we will lend
you the" balance, payable in monthly In-
stallments. .
L1TTLK payment ($500) will take a 15-room
hr.use; northeast corner; f> blocks north of
Market; prke S1000; better see It before buy-
Ing elsewhPre.
Se<» this Horn: corncc apartment-house of 1..0
rooms elegantly furnished: always fujl and
clearing $514 monthly: inexpensively ope-
rated eom:>ared with other, houses of similar
character; low rent; clears 40' per cent per.
annum on purchase nrlee.
50-room house; perfectly appointed: very cen-
trally located; elegantly furnished last April
In the best furniture and carpets obtainable;
electricity for elevator and lights: hot water
in ea<h room; lease for » years; Income $496
over rent: all large single rooms and roomers
all business men. •
Brand new house 4 blocks north of Market; 30
large, desirable rooms; low rent; 3-year
lease; most ariir.tlcally furnished; will clear
$200 to $:'»00. owing to management.
US rooms, $6500; rent $3:50: Income $800 per
month; lease If desired; LOOK at the rent-
remarkably low; NOTE the income.
NEW house, 20 rooms; NEW furniture; rent
$60: only men roomers; price $1500; all cash.
23 rooms on Sutter St.: rent $75i well fur-
nished; all men roomers; a good buy; clears
$100 month. , • ,
Spot cash. ($425) before February 2< takes a
16-room house north of Market; new build-
ing; rent $45; 10 rooms- newly and elegantly
furnished; 6 rented unfurnished; i big bay
windows.
$275 per month Income over 'rent: LARGE,
house on Market; orlce $ViO0; half cash and
small monthly Installments: furnishings In
good order; It's O K for any one with $1750
in bank .
1» rooms: MARK what we claim; good build-
Ing, new Axminster and velvet carpets, beau-
tiful blrdseye maple, oak and mahogany
furniture, bousht' new last August: lease;
$100 per month put Into bank; nicely located;
5 blocks north of Market st. <-
32 rooms, $2000; clears $150 month; lease for 3
years; transient and permanent; sunny side
of street: good business for two people.
A $1000; houso of 30 rooms, 37 beds: rent $100,
lease of 4 year?; good furniture: rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILKIE. 26% Kearny sL
A— $950: LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms; rent
$100; located close to Market and Stockton:
good furniture and first-class paying. R. G.
•''■•TT..KK. 2(i% Kearny St.
SNAP— Lodging-house, 100 rooms; furniture
new; this week only, at 2* Turk et.
64-ROOM corner house: Sixth, near Market;
1 hour* always full:, must sell.- Box 2116, Call.
25-ROOM lodglngr-house; good payer; 'close In;
$1650. 5SG Tenth St.. Oakland. .
$1600; 23 ROOMS; fine furniture and carpets;
northof .Market; good Income. Box 1754, Call.
FURNISHED house. S rooms and -bath; must
sell ; party leaving city. 311 Leavenwortb st.
Lonr.nr. . houses for sai.k — Con.
A NICELY furnished 5-room flat on principal
etreet; one block from Market st.: fitted com-
pletely for baths and massage. Call 118 Tay-
lor st. ' .
LODGING-HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED — A good lodging house, onn that
will bear investigation. Add. box 126, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual h*>al :
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
will brlnz reconciliation and [ lasting peace
with the one you love; reading* by mail most
satisfactory. $2; readings dally. $1; develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
PSYCHICAL phenomena by C. WILBUR
DEAN, 1052 Ellis, Friday eve.. 8:15 sharp.
A M ATI* KI ALTz I NG seance Friday eve., 8
o'clock. 50c. 31'S Ellis st.
BEER, Egyptian Hindu, occult, reads dally;
cir. Wed., Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. 10c. 540 Ellis.
MRS. LESTER. 325 Turk st. ; life reader, busi-
ness medium; read, dally ;clr.Tues.&Thur.25c.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
!):30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED f t3VANS. noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer.' 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
CLAlItVOVAA'TS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES. .
. Call at once and save $1.
His. former $5 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1- $L *«• *1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him. . •
(You to be full Judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If 1 fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called fcr; I prom-
ise to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom' and when you
will marry. In fact I will tell every hope.,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself: I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful in life, euro disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines,
and burled treasures and Insure you success
' or charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to 0.
■ ,320 — O'Farrell st.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals . the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In' tbe future; If y%u are In trouble,
discontented, or ■ not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will' be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 456U. •
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
rn. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satlsfac-
- tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency: send postofflce,
• Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
"■ MRS. E. M. SANDERS." '
- Advice given on all kinds of business:
- teacher of mental suggestion and the ■ new
thought. 1009 Sutter st. • Phone 2563 Polk.
Evenings and Sundays by appointments. ■
MISS M. WILLE. .crystal seer. life reader;
without asking a question reads your, entire
life; special, $1 this week only. 460 Geary.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th et., near Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Con tinned.
THE- only original Roman Gypsies In the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10.000
people In San Francisco since our arrival;
they are satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I cnrr»ctly trent your jove affairs, domestic
trouble, bun. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MRS. A. 11. KRONEN BEHG. palmist, clair-
voyant. card reader; when others fall try me;
. . good readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 017 Market, rms
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-0.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Hth to 23 <a tfth; la. 25c. g. 50c.
OLDEST lady pa/mist and card reader In city.
26V4«Kearny. room 20; ladles. 2_5c; gents 50c.
MADAM FERN, card reader of 109 Fifth at.,
removed to 118 Ninth st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit- :
tings dally. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and «th.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, Its pages, pent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARPET BKATIXGASDCLEAXIXn.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phon*_Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULPING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-."Vi7 Tehamast. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har^
rlson st.: Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
I1OPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard :tel. South 21(1.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tet Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Poops.'
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating- works: prices
reasonable. '17a", Harrison st. tel. Mission 2i£I.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlnj Works,
. 333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 26.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made*
■ city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S8.
COTTAGES T<l LET. ~~~~
NEW 3-room cottage in Sausalito; on**~beaciv
good bathing: will lease for 1 year. C Al *
box 54, Sausalito. . " • "
4 ROOMS: 8 Wolfe st: rent $12; key at 4
. Wolfe- ■:.: Fo-.som-srt. cars.
CUKES SUPTUBE.
WHO?— Hunter 1206 Market st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one
DE.XTISTS^ ~
DR. MURPHY. 504-5-6 Callaghan ~bldz!?Market
and McAllister. sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
<Jer; the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing. drUling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— «annot break-
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
/ 2£!£\,£ : £k ««: «" work palnltss and
/ warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surseon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
P rSHL5? 1 « I «£■""■• S 35 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Bet teeth. $1 B0 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 23c.
GOLD fllliriM. 75c; silver. SSc; crowns, $2; no
-palnjopen Sunday*. Dr.O.B.Hewltt, 204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AJfD SEAMSTRESSES
Acccrdion. «unburst and knife plaiting; doub!»
jiurop* en iresa linings. Stewau'» button and
buttonhoI-^Uetary, 110 Taylor; teL Foi=cm 2121.
McDOWEIX Dressmaking & Jiilllnery School —
Pattern* cot to measure: eve clasa 1013 Mk--
EDCCAT1OSAL.
XiGHT ANI>~ DA Y SCHOOLS for men an.1
working boys; Instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation tut the university; day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention gtven;
thirty instructors: private coaching; night
law school: Instructors from University of
California and Stanford University: Indus-
trial classes: men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers dynamos engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal' engineering assaying; students have all
other privileges of the association if desired;
International certificates given to studenta
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men. strangers coming to th«
' city directed to good homed; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; the beneficial influence of a great
moral institution; our work la indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men o*
the city: our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges !n th»
United States: mechanical, freehand draw-
ing: naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties: advantag-s ov«r
other schools, tuition less, instruction supe-
rior; we are not in business to make money.
but "to make men"; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of
Practical Education for Men and Boys. H. J.
McCoy General Secretary. San FrancUco.
Addres'a all communications to LE ROY
BURNS BMITH. Educational Director.
AYRE3 the leading business collegs. 723 Mar-
ket at'.; established IS years; life scholarship.
$30; bookkeeping shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, •pelllhg. etc.; positions secured;
the college refurjaished with new typewriter*
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from 6 to 12 years of age; Mias Lillian
Musclo principal: exceptional advantages:
largest' school of the kind in the West; servi
lor catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 41-4 Mason.
WHITE to California Business College for In-
formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving into our new and elegant
building we want S0O students; com« and
Join the great school of the West: 75-paga
catalogue. 901-923 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening session. Phelan bldy.
HIXMAN'S Acai^ny: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 9.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue fre«.
*A LA3GER and better school than ever: enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market »t.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S3 Market: catalog.
WESTERN Business College, Orld Fellows' bid. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth .
spelling, writing, etc. ; day eve. ; %i mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 2t Post
•t.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech.. »ur-
vey assay cyanide; day. ev. ;est.lS64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st., near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per ma;
mandolin club 91 per mo. S-S Haight st.
ESPANOL — Metodo practico y progresivo.
Rafael Serrano, 630 California, cuarto nm. 4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 Geary at.
$75 TUITION of the California Business Col-
legs for sale. $3O. Box 2340, Call.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. 139 Post St.. room 3T.
SCHOOL OP ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET^yoaTheliTaTpiNE JAPANESE EMPLOT-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church : shone Pom 3364.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post et.; teL Bush 133—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. eta.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japaness-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main Z~~JL
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE! Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main M3&
CHINESE and Japanese helD: estab. 20 y»ar«.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY A CO.. M0 Clay.
EMPLOV3IEXT \VA.\TED KEJIALE.
A COMPETENT lady wishes petition as
matron, housekeeper or companion tr> Inval:*
or children; best references given and re-
quired ; JS a wwk. MRS. JORDON. 1100
Pine st. cor. Jonea.
WANT work — Good cook, $.T>; laundress. S.">0;
nursegirl. t-0; ml(Ml*-aR<"d woman house-
work. |2O. S. J. BEAN. 17 Fourth St.;
phone Bush 107.
EXPERIENCED school teacher (grammar
grade) an<! governess desires position as gov-
erness; music (piano); highly recommended.
Box 121)1. Call office.
A RESPKCTABLE woman, good cook and
laundress ; short ways In country; lik»s chil-
dren; private American family; good refer-
ences. 7!H Folsom st.
ELDERLY lady wishes employment to twirl
In light . housework: good home more than
wages. Box 2."., Call branch office. Church
an>l Dum-an sts.
A YOUNG woman with references wi»h»«
house cleaning by the day; $1 50 and car-
fare. 70S) McAllister rt., basement.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation: >««••-
work and conking; wages $2S. ISS'-j NlntiJ
St.. near Mission.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments or steady place; $1 75 per day. Box
1M9. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — A position to do light housework
or assist. Ill South Park.
STENOGRAPHER and Remington operator de-
sires position wh«T* experience may tx» ac-
quired; formerly ot HeaM'a Business Colleg:.
229 Franklin st.
AMERICAN woman, day worker, yet unoccu-
pied, wishes home in gentleman's hous« in
return for services: best references. Addr?;i
Advertiser. 12(H Mission St.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeper'* po-
sition; neat: good cook: no objection to coun-
try- Address Housekeeper, 2t)p Etfdy st.
I A WOMAN desires rooking or second work in
I a family: $00. Call 32; Mason; phone Black
I 2306.
EXPERIENCED school teacher and govem»3s
desires poeltlon: city or country; be3t of reJ-
erences. Box 1291. Call office. *
A GOOD, honest young woman wishes any
kind of work by the day or afternoon: can
tend store. Address MRS. c. II.. 2D»1 28th »' :
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
bookkeeping, desires a position as office a*-
* sistant. Box 2K74. cm office.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework 3
or 4 days a week; sleep at home. Address
Smith. Pine.
JAPANESE girl wishes position In private
family; can do plain cooking. Call 2143 Fill-
more st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. K33 McAllister »t.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MAX EL
EXPERIENCED structural draughtsman, col-
lege graduate, civil engineer, wants position
at bridge or general building work. Write
box 43*«. Call office.
CIVIL engineer, college graduate. 2 years' ex-
perience as purveyor, wants position at rail-
road work. Box 4.117. Call office.
WANTED — Good .place by mechanic; under-
stands reoalr work on belts, shafting and
machinery of all kinds; 34 -years of cge.
Box 213*5. Call office.
COLORED boy. 22 years old. would M«* place
in private family or to drive a wagon;
knows the city well and knows how to do
porter ani Janitor work. Box 161S, C»U.ta 7t I i w/7T\ rr nnx/prYTKPn^ is\i mcvt <^i imp.-x\/'^ rw \
\) M WAN M lyVI w > k\ j \| l\l ta' I )l n JAY o v AM
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
»Ol NG, trib<. r# ex:>crlr n<-« A man: care for
ur-rypt., oarriufes. <iriv«>. ett. ; Kardcn work
*r:o. -r.ilk: willing; moderate nagcf; re:ei-
_J^ nc f» : ___3o3i 22C3. Call office
A UIDDLK-AGED ren:!en-.an withe* to <hai>-
erone a lotttly. decent. edu«-at»<1. rldi widow;
ftttr ;.Lt;uni lily. 15ox 221". Call office.
A TH! STWOHTHV ma, :v.:. wants "r f iti,.n
•■f nifcht watchman: oau furnish references.
-j r *"* 6 I- H -« «* : ' < ' Folsum tt.
1 inST-CLASS clothlns salesman wants po-
r>'.V'' n> country town; Ik-h references. Box
- - CtAt <tfaat -
CAPABLE man. 2<!. desires pom" responsible
pOBtioB, bookkeeping, clerical or statistical
——--___ a ° x 2iiii - C*H office.
ANTED — A Kituation l.y a flrFt-class lool-
[■>■>■■ ps tiipht marhtnlM Iti oity or out «>f
*"*n. A.ldrfyt- box 2217. ''all oMee.
PIR8T -CLASS wineman iCcman) wants p<->=i-
t«on in wine *nd liquor buMnr-f*. SCHEL.
— _ L ' 1<j2 t: ** -t Tv elfin Tt.. East Oaklnnd.
A BOY. wants poM'ion In whoU-r^l^ house.
»y> •■::: l -J. <h'| ,,[fW.
WANTKD— Position a>: i-xerclse boy on track.
_J»"x 2>2n. c a i[ office.
EOT wants position as WackSTnl'.h's h-lr-er.
Rox 2218. c«n.
COACHMAJC wants Eltuntion; knows hl» busi-
ness well; care garden and cow; has city
■ ml country references. E. 5.. New Western
Hotel, room 131.
• Y'U'NG (firman, Ej?er,fc5 good EnpHsh: would
l"ke a situation as bar tender; e*periener>d
an<i ha* best of references, city or country.
Jaox ITXC. Call office.
COMPETENT painter, paperhanger. t'nter,
sober »ni*. t-teady. wants wcrk by ilie day
tor private parties, hotel or institution, city
- cr ' C8 WtT- B"x 2137, Call office.
BY mitUle-txed man as clerk or buyer: a?-
KW clerk in hotel: 12 years us barer for
wholesale grocery fcouw: good reference. Aci-
drcw box 1040. Call offlw. Oakland.
"UANTnD — Hy a *or.«>r. Industrious Crrrann, a
?t*-ady position us watchman, ilty or county;
_-?_ upd * rtt arids firing. Box l»;i;>. Call.
CHIR6pbpIST.~~nrctVcT«s. "wants "posuTorT;
ftaif salary. Address Doctor 1223 Powell
*' . city.
CAEHIBB- restaurant. Is cpen for emplcyment.
Bo* Call ofnee.
VOt'NG JapanrM? boy wants position sf Brhool-
hoy i:; (.■...<} pinall familv. T. SATAKE, 7<U!
I.«rkin. pbotM Polk S782.
A JAPANESE young man wants a !«>rition In
nice family: experienced c.»ok: wages $6 up
a weffc. HENRY. Phone Larkin S4S.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as plain
cwi. or laundry; v«-ry experienced; formerly
m laundiy l»o.v. J. TANAKA. 01.S Jessie St.
JAPANESE boy w?.nts position as a plain
■"k xriii hous-ework. E. T.. 1543 Larkin *t.
£ f^5^55 Ett KESOVATIXG.
EY nev.. healthtul process. Cal. Kteam Feather
Co.. S23 Var, Net,* ave.; tel. Howard 3187.
FIX ASCI AL.
4'^, PER CENT
If uaid un ordinary savings accounts and «5
per «-*-nt en tfrm account* by the Phoenix
favings H. and L. Association. 51tJ California w
:t. A. A. Watkint. urcMdent: Charles K.
Btthop, vice pi-eMdent: PrCBtlaa Smith.
ii»6.«Ui'T; Oarertee Or«nri>. secretary and
managing director; <;av»n MrNab, attorney;
'jeon> <". Boardmn end Charles E. Ladd,
director*; Walter K. Smith. «-ushier.
Bubt-rrltvil <apital. ?s.<k»h.<>i.ii«; raid In capi-
tal, fl.fi-o.'wio; r'wrve fund. ?2<a».<Jf>o.
f|1 >n of tl. ■*• rar». honest opportunities which
do n°t occur often in a lifetime in which
the early irvntor realizes icrrat profits, eome-
'.in-.r? almost fabuU>ue; can double money by
Aj.ul 1; five per cent a month dividends on
and uttt-r May I: <a!l and investigate 2X2
Parrott Buildinr.
CAPITALISTS. I!M<-n: Wo hav» an Al realty
triiejstment; laree capital n*rded: yuiek re-
"irns: tlnn> »h.irt : inwstiirate. ALTAIiKNA
INVKSTSrOTT SYNDICATE. 70S Market tt.
S. ?.. Cal.
COMPANIES iiicerporgted. financed and stock
floated. W. H. B1TTNER, Lawyer and Fi-
: f:T:- :al Agmt. "22 nrr.mw. Hpr*< k^lt- bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HO1SES and flats to let; an immense list;
Krvtoe abFoluKly fre»; take advantage of
thin department; it will save ycu tim* and
trouble. Cordes Furiiiture Co., 245-253 Geary
t-t., on the t-quare. %
ALL of the most desirable flat? and houses are
itFted in r.ur rent Ing department : let us give
.' "U a lift and help yi-u find f<n«- in th* loca-
tion you want STERLING Fl'RNITl'RK
COMPANY, lu'.'fl Market st.; services ab*o-
' lut^lr free.
I WANT t» rrrt a flat of 5 or rt rooms in
£<-n.<l location, en street -csr line preferred;
Ftate location and particulars. Box 2S73.
call office.
NEW 8 lonm sunny flat, bath and ViasK-m^nt.
■ 270 Ninth eve., n^ar Cj>Tnent tt.: rent $27 .10.
7ACKEOX, 3tXii — Corner flat: 6 raotns; hath;
muring view: Ktintiv: J-17 .V»:call after 2 p. m.
FLATS TO LICT FIH.MSHKD.
NTWLT furnish-J flat 6 rooms and bath.
:zr.ft S*-\ent*enth tt.. .or Market; rent f SO.
FLATS FOK SALE HIIMM1EO.
II ROOS'S, S rooms niceiy furnished; price.
$::."■•': no trouble to rent rooms. Call between
1 and 4 p. m.. 1123 Lacuna.
FOK raU- — Furnltur?. carpcta, etc.. for 6-rooru
rnxkrn J^i.: rent enly $22j parties leaving
city. Call :^>7«i K;ghteeath. near Mission.
CHEAP— K"uut::ully, newly furolshpd flat, <5
rooms: corr.iilete. Call afu-rnoor.s, 1S24 Web-
eter tt.
• FKLL. K>07 — Near Park Panhandle, 5 rooms
and bath, elegantly furnished; $500.
FLOIIISTS.
FLOitAL piece* for all occasions; prices rea-
tonable. 14 ilayes st.; tel. Jessie 16.
FCItMTlHU FO It SALE.
FURNITURE of 7-roora flat; sun In every
roots; everything clean and rtady to live in;
will be ready 2»th; rent Jf2-"i; location. Itow-
ard and 22d fts. Call 4a"{ Valencia, cor. 15th.
POUIIWJtB WASTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture nd mdse. L. K.
BCRD. auctioneer, 1818 Mkt.; tei. Howard 27MJ
UELP "*• AMliD FEMALE.
(JCJOK ar.d second t'lrl, Fame house .... $3O-$25
Cock, no washing, city $«."»
-."> German cooks, city £I0-S33
Cook, some housework. San Rafael #20
2 cooks, little washing j3o
Ir.fanft nurse $23
Nurte^irl. Kan Uafarl $25
'Z waitresses, city hotel j^5
• 'hj.n-.b-.-rmj id and v.-altinjr. resort $30
.^ laundrt-ns-ef, city end San llafael. .$2-"»-sco
5 *»-coniI girls $20-$2-1
44 rentral houwuork girls, city and country,
j2i»-^."-$30. Apply to J. F. CBOSETT &
<■< •.. S"14 Sutter st.
A — WAN'TKD — C M ir\r to learn hairdressing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A, to Z
" in 2 week*: fj tn those »>nterinar now; 3 po-
sitions l'» fill immediately: positions Kuaran-
te«-J at tUt rx?r »«-k up; leading school in
Wwt. 2IJ3 G»ary st, room 13.
A — Girls to lesrn mlll!n»r>" now for spring sea-
F(-n: both scaeon^ tausbt from Btart to finish
in 1 month for $15; uoRltinns as trimmers.
*8lesladie>i. etc, puaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening clays. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — LADIES to !«-arci sll branches halrdreaMng
trade, manicuring, massatre, etc. 1233 Mar-
ket rt.. <-or. Jone*, room f)4; pofitions secured
at highert vi-ace?; day and tve. class; call.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying: letters at
homf. evening* or spare time and return to
us: no mailin? or canvas?lnr: $».OO \vekly
.«»rn^d: materials* irte. Knclose eelf-ad-
<1r*ssed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. W4. Ninth St.. I'hlladelphia. Pa.
A TILAIXED nOTKry maid or experienced
young tWTh* to take charge of infant; rcfer-
er.ee> 1 . Call 'J to 12, 1M2 Lacuna Ft
LAL'IHS to distribute sample*; nrtlyht i>al-
tiry; permanent position. 125 V.'illfam, be-
tweeri Taylor end Joneit.
A VtSKT operator: steady work; good wages.
Apply S. N. WOOD &- CO.. 27 Geary et.
APPRKNTiCES wanted for millinery. Apply
- Vio Sixth rt.
A NKAT appearing young lady as waitress In
. coffee narlor. Mi >!ir.«ion et.
A NKAT irirl: houFev.-ork : trr-oA w-agee; refer-
rnart>. M~ Fell rt.. n»-«ir Webster.
WANTED— Girl to do second work. Apply
forenoon, 2I<;1 PailBc ave.
WANTED — Oirl for cooking and light house-
work: 2 in family. Apply 2220 Post et
HELP' WANTED — FEMALE — ton.
A TCKAT. agreeable young Protestanl girl
wanted to a£Sl*t with child ever — >eara and
other lisht housework wi.ere other help is
kc;n; *lec;i at home; wages $3 per month.''
Call 241 Castro st.
CHOCOLATE dipper wanted; must be first-
clars; good wages; steady position. B. J.
3BACM. 1144 Howard Et.
CHOCOLATE and bonbon dipper*: steady Job;
Kood jiay. LEHNHARDTS. 115'J Broadway,
Oakland. •
WANTED — Young girl to do general house-
v.<jik; fitisll family; need not cook. Call at
1M1 Eddy ft.
WANTED — A t-aKsla<'y in dry goods and fan-
< y goods store. Apply at 270<> Mission St.
LADY to take cash and wait on table. 258
First Ft.
HELP WANTED — MAijS.
Ml'RRAyTnEADY, ft ~'«34-C3^~C?lay~st
Phone Main .VU8.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
l'jc:t We Gave- ltKU We Hope to
WM.W Mon Work. Increase 60.000.
TO
ARIZONA,
SHIP DAILY.
doM to PrcsrcM: 8. F. & P. P. Route;
5<x» men for railroad work; good wages: 5>l0
miles ARIZONA. $9 10.
GOLD MINE.
•• *inirle and double band miners; $82 50.
r-TATF. OK NEVADA.
2<> teamttf-rs, SO lalwrets. 10 rockmen and
drillers. $2 to $2 7"> day; fare refunded.
Blacketnith and tent sharpener, gold mine,
*!<■.*>; scardenT, near city, good Job, $50; gar-
denfr, married man, yee boss here £40 and
hAuse; 3 carpenters, city, job fteady: wood
turnT. city job, $o .V> day; blacksmith for
words, Ji3 and found: stablemnn, country
stable. Sari^and found; German bakery wagon
driver, i-ountry, $25 and found; cheese maker,
eec !)(-«:? here, good place; old man tor chores
«;n ranch. $Jf> and found: milker and wife,
Sonoma County, easy Job; i>orter, city Jiotei;
married milker, touth. $40- anil houre; young
Gorman blacksmith helper. $10 and found;
Jobbing gardener, city. $25 and found; 10
worricliopprrs; milker, fare paid, north. $30
and found: :! Portuguetp milkers, same dairy.
$.'»n and found; waiters, cooks, dishwashers,
farmers, choremen. dairvmen. etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-83G Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSON & COS.. Phone Grant 1«3.
2 camp cfii'ks, see party here this morning;
also 2 ramp waiters.
50 U. It. teamsters. California $2
o t-crapcr ttam>:ters. ranch $'-3 found
FOR NEVADA.
New Government Ditch Work.
Teamsters 2.V: hour
Laborers 25c hour
R'M'kTr.en 27 'sc hour
TuniT'l mui-kers. 27*&C hour
Tunnel drillers 31 ±$c hour
Fare refunded (8 hours' work).
Hard pan blaster, country t',1 day
Second cook. S2t> week: fry cook, $15 w^ek.
<-aff> north: marker and distributor, first-claws
hotel laundry, country; fare paid, $40 and
found.
Miiktr. Monterey County .$.''0
c. n. IfANSEN & CO 42!» Bush st
A — WANT to r«>nt 50 teams for railroad work
In California, scraper work; 'i months' work*
guaranteed. }"or particulars apply C. R.
ELAXSEN & CO f2J| Bush st.
Tt'NNEL foreman. $12."> and board; milkers.
527 5:> and $:j."i and found: farmers. ?2.1 and
*3l» and found: timber feller, $tj5 and board;
errand boy. $3 week; butler. $40 to $50 and
found; baker, country, $12 week and found;
hotel cook; hotel waiter, $;mi and found; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., <J28 Sacra-
mento st
A (SECOND butler, country, $40. Apply to J.
K. CBOSETT & CO.. 2.14 Gutter st.
A FIRST -CLASS butler, cits, |S0: reference?.
Apply J. F. CBOSETT, 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — b'hoe salesman for interior country
store; must be well up in the business; sal-
ary. $17 50 a week and increase. See J.
F. CKOSETT & CO., «2i Sacramento St.
A MAN and wife: private place; see party
here 11 o'clock; $«>. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade in 8 weeks for $15. under competent
teacher. Western College of Barbers, *".47
Commercial «., San Francisco.
WANTED — For U. S. army. -able-bodied un-
married men, between ages of 21 and J5;
citizens of United fc'tates. of good character
and u-mptrate habiit, who can speak, n-ad
an*, write English. Fur Information apply to
Recruiting Officer. Rialto building. New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco, or 1028 Sec-
ond et., Eacrarrento.
A— L ~L
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and s*>cure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College Ci.-> Clay *t.
WANTED — Traveling men for easy s<einn£; side
lin" on commlEFirJn; state experience, territory
and references. Bates Label Co., N. Y. Life
Iilds.. Minneapolis. Minn.
YOl'NG mon everywhere, ropy !»tter5, home
evening*. J3.5O week. Semi addressed en-
velope for particulars Manager Dept. W4,
Box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
TRY our men's shoe*, union made, at $1 and
$1 .V» per pair, foot-form shoos at $2 50 or
orthopedic Khoes,$.'J f>0; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Draughtsman accustomed to detail-
ing terra cotta work. GLADDING, McBEAN
& CO.. Rialto building.
WANTED — A good salifman. Room 218, Em-
ma Spreckels bldg., 027 Market st.
BARBER for 10c thep Friday and Saturday.
023 Clay *t.
WANTED— Thoroughly reliable and capable
man as soliciting manager for northern
agency of Industrial investment company;
exceptional opportunity for profitable con-
nection. Address box 2144, Call office.
BARBERS, take notice — The. office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
movtd to « City Hall s<|., or 1504 Market Pt
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 148, JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED — Bright solicitors for "War Between
Russia and Japan," by Murat Haletead; best
book; tig book; enormous demand; big profits;
freight paid; credit given; outfit free. The
Dominion Company, Dept. B., Chicago.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25c to ftOc per night
FIRST -CLASS two-chair barber shop, C3 miles
from city; good business; for sale or ex-
change for city ehop. L. DE RITIS. 338
Green st., city.
WANTED — Bright boy from 15 to 17 years- of
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at Hale Bros.'
15,0 YOUNG men, 18 years of age. to organize
military organization. Call S. SZANIK. 473
Valencia et. bet. C and 8 p. m.
TRY our men's shoe.«, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; form-foot shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis st. ; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BOY wanted in drug store. 499 Gough st.
BARBER— Situation wanted In the country by
sober, steady man. Box 2132, Call office.
BARBER shop to let. 1800 Folsom st.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St.. third floor, room 4^
BASS drummer to join military band. 32S
Bush st, third Boor, room 4.
WANTED — Chair caner*. male or female, at
1604 MisFion st.
FOR sale — Fine 2-chair barber shop cheap at
107'i Fifth «t.
liAKDERS — Small country shop for sale. Ap-
ply DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st
BARBERS— Three-chair shop for sale; good
location. Inquire 303 Fifth st.
BAKBER th&p for sale; $25. Natoma st. near
Fourth.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenter*, green hands and
tailors for whaling. Dent's place, 20 Steuart.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard ct.
SAILOItS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENTS place. 2tt Steuart st.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Part Com. Ceo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.,' near -Mar-
ket — 700 room*: 35c night; readlng-rooma;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
openiad at IOCS Market St., opooeite Fifth.
Open until 11 D. in. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL size? men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6C3 Mission at. bet. 1st and 2d uts.~
GET your eboes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 6ti3 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d s's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1901.
HORSES A\D WAGOXS.
AUCTION sa!e of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. ::27 Sixth st. every horse muer be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR Fale — Pair of handsome family carriage
horses, scund pnd gentle; 2-seated trap; sil-
ver mounted harness. Call at car barn, Em-
eryville.
20 Ui;siNESS buggies, 5 small wagons, 6 rub-
ber tired park buggies and 5 surreys for
sale cheap. l.Mil Folsom St
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagon? and harness, at 1140 Folsom Rt
WANTED — A good young horse for delivery
wagen. Box 2063. Call.
Al EXPRESS wag-on, light camping wagon,
and Ko-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largpet as«sortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey.harnesj", work,drlvinghorses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of hoas^to^etT^ena^ioPcUr^
cular. Cl. II. UM13SEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
MCALLISTER. 12l»—12 rooms, bath and bll-
liard-room; $B0; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post at
HOUSES TO LET — Fl'RMSHBU. ..
A SPLENDID location; 10 rooms; nicely fur-
nlyhed; bargain. 1555 Octavla Bt.cor.Sutter.
HOUSES FIIRMSHED — FOR SALE.
$t>50; MUST sell to-day; parties going away;
S-roomed house; new furniture. 1009 Sut-
ter st.
LEAVENWORTH. S20. nr. Sutter— 14 rooms,
10 furnished. $ST»O cash: a bargain.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED at once — Furnished house or flat,
3 bedroom?, dining-room and kitchen. In the
Western Addition; rent not to exceed $30 per
month; permanent; highest references.. Ad-
drrsi. box 2128. Call. ' - : .
IX VESTJIEM'S. ,
BONDS. STOCKS AND .MORTGAGES.
AH dividend-paying securities for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. f)27 Market st
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — At Alcazar matinee Feb. 22 or on Sut-
ter, Kutro, California and Hyde st cars or
on Eighth ave. or in changing cure, bar pin
set with rhinestones. Ke- ara .1! returned to
tafhier. Call office.
LOST— On Thursday morning, on Sutter or
Bush s-ts., a gold chain with coral and pearl
pendant. Keturn to 2100 Washington st; re-
ward.
LOST— Pea »r necklace and pearl locket with
diamond center; Sutter, Kearny or Geary st.
Finder w^l receive liberal reward by return-
ing tame to S6 and 88 First st.
LOST or stolen — From 105 Berry st, a brown
spaniel dog, white forepaw, with license
collar. Please return and receive reward, H.
P. A. STAHR, 105 Berry st
LOST — Thursday, ladies' gold mounted purse,
containing bar-pin with seven diamonds: also
a pearl pin; liberal reward. 217 First st
LOST— Gold 1<-K_'ket containing two photos in
Mission. Return 139',j Chattanooga st. ; re-
ward.
FOUND— WhHe bull terrier. Inquire of elec-
trician. North Beach Powerhouse
MIXES AMI MI.MXG
1O» shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1004.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
SIISCELLAXE<>l'S--FOR SALE~
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont «t
DOES YOUK HOOK LKAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs iiu painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or ehlnjjles; b«st for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
2D-HAND machinery, boilers.^ns'.ne?. pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; ses Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINK" "Uitn. $7 50; crens pants. $2 50." Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st.
near Bush: open to S) p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, hells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-250 Spear st.
LARGE cooking stove, kitchen utensils, 2 beds
with bedding, one counter, meat saw and
knives; will sell cheap. 225V6 Eighth it
FOR sale — Piano, music bos, organ, buggy
harness ana hay cutter. 422 Orange st.
Oakland.
SHOWCASE; glass front; running drawers
and doors; 2S feet; price $50. BACIOALU-
PI'S PENNY ARCADE. 810 Market Et
ALTERATION *>ale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 60.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st, near
Pine;-. open to 0 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shces at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; cataloglfree.
3%c ROLL and up: fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Hol.tteln bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
STOCK YAHP. San Bruno road.
JOHN J. McCARTY— Teas, coffees. splcesT
1S54-60 Market Ft.; phone Jessie 39K1.
FOR sale — Five cabinet oval showcases; three
3 feet; one 5 feet and one 0 feet. 200 East st.
FOR sale — 1 barrels; hard top finish. Saloon
13S Third st.
BARBER chair. gla?s. mugs and case for sale;
also a washing machine. 80 Harriet st.
HOUSES to be removed: Nos. 10 to 22 West
Mission st. NICOL, 410 Kearny st.
FOR sale, plumber3' & carpenters' tools: grlnd-
ing Etone; floor trucks & tracks. 053 Howard.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
DESKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush*467.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sires! EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p., cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 833 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the. complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Neso. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
BIOVINO pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market et
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
air sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK. for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg"y.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS. "
WANTED — To buy, a small cooking etove with
ovon; to burn coal; state size, make, number
(>f holes and price asked. Box 2611. Call.
WANTED — Pair of ferrets, or will engage
services of party owning same, to be used
In ridding building of rale.' Box 1755, Call.
LARGE second-hand safe wanted. BACIGA-
_LUPI PENNY ARCADE. 840 Market st
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet
BOOKS and libraries bought H. C. HOLMES
1149 Market st; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st; tel. Jessie 2S&L
&IEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience In all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free: correspondence confidential
DR. WHITE, 702 Market st, rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for ail~female
- complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. £26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market st, opp. 5th.
DR. G. TV. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult- cases treated*
advice free. Office, 1018 Market
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk,' nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief-
treatment $10; hours, lv to 5; 25 years' vxper!
2.V: hour
MEP7CAL Contlnned.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 jveek's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlnsham, 204 Sutter st. |
MRS. dTaLLEN. HIS Market— Reliableladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVTES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market st.
DR. WESTON — Prompt relief for ladies; con-
sult him free. 305 Kearny st. ; tel. Main 481.
DR ROSEN resides 2t)!)5 Folsom st, corner
20th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG~~TOY~KEE, 319 Powell St., opposite
Union square; all diseases tured by herbs.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
»;0l-CO2-ti03 Examiner Building.
'Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; Icgacte?, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Ycu Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage, 'on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Glvn full particulars
"Of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40S, Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security: no com.;
fair<bt rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Cc. P9 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
i chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: large business In
40 principal cities. Tolman. 553- Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. JewMry. *t 2
per cent Interest. •■ Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 r*r cent on furniture or piano; no'rwnov-
al. no eommtfsion. no publicity: $25 up; quick,
private., confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers, Emma
Fpreckels blrtg.. rm. 621; loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearl? and precious stones bought
at W.-'J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICK. 10: Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no commission ;lnstallments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
MONEY at reasonable rates 'on oianos and
furniture; private; no commission; payments
accepted. 6 Eddy St.? r. 111. '
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no com. A'. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. at Wyoming loans money to
• salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — Party with capital to Invest In
manufacturing food business: big profits;
business increasing so rapidly that more capi-
tal required. A. R. Coulson Co., Petaluma.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL UPP.IGHTS.
Chlckerlns: walnut case; nearly new.
Steinway; about a year old.
Knabe; walnut case; finest, largest size;
nearly n«w.
Steinway: largest size; fine condition.
• Sterling; mahesany case; largest size.
Standard ;<>ak case; good as new.
Haines Brothers, the genuine; mahogany
case; nearly new.;
Steck* largest size.
Steck: medium size: mahogany case; nearly
new. :
Two Neumanns: good condition. "*
Steck grand piano; good as new.
Steinway strand piano; In good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
Including such makes as Weber, Steinway,
Halne? Kranlch & Bach and others, from
$10 up." BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
Chlckerlng Agents.
Curtaz buildinr. 16 O'Farrell st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
$«V) up; greatest bargains ever offered In San
Francisco; nil makes. We rent upright
pianos for $2 per month; new at $3 per
month; all money paid applies on purchase.
Heine Piano Co., 23.V237 Geary st. Oakland
address 1252 Broadway. ,
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; eole agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayei.
'A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will bo sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1K?6 Market st
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new and
second-hand organs; .very easy payments.
403 Market st, second floor.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
t most given away. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
NEW pianos «old on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good aa
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,285 O'Farrell.
6OHMER, Byron Mauzy nlanos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary st, opp. City of Paris.
PERSONALS. —
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do for caEh. .
LEON LEMOS. Merchant Tailor, 1127 Mar-
ket St., bet Seventh and Eighth.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth.stops falllng.L-ures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affect-
ing skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured
by skillful specialist from! Europe. Apply Cen-
tral Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. ; worst cured.
NOTICE Is hereby given that I will not be re-
sponslble for any bills contracted by my wl£a
hereafter. A. W. AHLBORN.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that is the Important item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1373 Waller; consultation free; call or -Write.
HAIR grown pray restored; pimples, wrinkles, !
all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME, 231 : Post, parlors 13 and 14.
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure In 2
days or no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co., !
09" Market st, room 203.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and troupers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday/ Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day eves., Teutonla Hall, • Howard st, near
Oth; Prof. Foster; society dancing: taught
J. W. SPARROW. Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st. has moved to 218 Post st.
Actlnn restores lost eyeslght;cures deafness and
catarrh. A' VIDA CO., 3524 inth. nr. Valencia.
MRS.- Ealcn,' electric needle specialist, S69 Sut-
ter. r. *»oo.- Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 58.
Bon Marcl.e Pants Co.; sneclal $5 pants to or-
- der. Rooms 14 & 10. -lOJEllis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. -and Mrs. Travers. 1170 Mkt
TAILOR-MADE milt $7 50; dress pantf $2 50.
Misfit Clctlilng Parlor., cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to- Its natural color, $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C08 Market st, • opposite Fifth.
Ooen until 11. p. ro. -■
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR 'SAL!}.
"~~~
200 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
$150 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
$150 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
Two weeks ago wo were Instructed to sell 200
lots. Since that time we have sold over 100 lots
on Second. Third and Fourth aves., etc., be-
tween A. B and C sts., at very low prices.
. 8 H>6o to $1250. ...
? lOOO to $1260.
on above very easy payments. In so many
lots there Is always a big advantage In secur-
ing first choice. See them at once. This prop-
erty is all level, streets are graded, sewered
and macadamized. Geary st and McAllister st.
cars pass the property. No lots will be sold
for stores or any objectionable Improvements.
This is your opportunity to secure a residence
lot at very low prices. In the next year or
two hundreds of thousands of dollars will be
spent In buildings; bound to improve the value
of all these lots. Don't sleep; wake up to
your opportunity; see the property, 6ee us, buy
one or more lots and make some money. Re-
member, the -lots are close to Golden Gate
Park.
LTON & HOAG,
(Agents on Ground Sundays with Diagrams
and Prices.)
116 Montgomery st.
t EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
S3 14x120.
$1650 to $1850.
$1650 to $1850.
I This is the first announcement of the subdi-
vision of a portion of the well known Jordan
Tract
Go and see this block at once and secure
your choice. It is near the corner of First ave.
and California st. and can be easily reached by
taking either the Eddy-st. cars or the Sacra-
mento-st. cars and get oft at First ave.
Easy terms — one-fifth cash.
Easy terms — one-fifth cash. •
Balance In 1, 2, 3 and 4 years — one-fifth each
year.
The block is exceptionally handsome and Is
level. The streets are graded, macadamized
and sewered, and everything ready for the
builder. A new feature has been Inaugurated
in the sale of this property In the enforcement
of the following restrictions, which are made
for the -protection of all and which, we have
no doubt -will add much to the value of the
land and be appreciated by all real home seek-
ers. »
No lot will be sold for any but residence
properties, including not more than two flats.
No stores, churches, stables, coal yards or
any objectionable buildings. The manner of
enforcing these restrictions ■will be explained,
fully at our offl>e.
The Idea Is to make it possible for you to buy
a lot and build a home without being ruined
or damaged by neighboring buildings. Thou-
sands of people In this city who have built de-
sirable homes have had them ruined by three-
story flats, stores, coal yards, etc. Owing to
the restrictions and the large lots, this block
will be built up into select residence property
and will become very valuable.
It will pay you to buy a large lot instead of
a 25- foot lot. as you can save the price of the
extra land In the cost of your building, and be-
sides . this secure an abundance of light and
sun and build a more artistic home.
Our agent will be on the block Sunday with
diagram, or you may call at our office for
more complete Information. Bnt take our ad-
vice and see the property at once.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st 2
BROADWAY STREET.
NORTH SIDE.
$250 A FOOT.
30x137:6
OR
35 by 137:6.
Magnificent and unobstructed marine view; <
neighborhood first class; street work done; cars
close by.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10.8."i0 — CASH $2000; nearly completed; rents
$1200 per year: 760-62-64 Seventh-ave. boule-
vard near Fulton st; 17 minutes from City
Hall: all-nlsht car service; every possible
latest Improvement; 25x120. Apply on prem-
Ises, 1 to 4. . f
T6 ralee- money quickly will sell •* lots on
Nevada ave.: 5150 each; 2 blocks of car line.
D. COFFIN. 3303 Mission sL
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays {he
highest prices for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yards.
FOR sale — CS 0*12x137 :C on Pacific st, under
lease: $85 per month ground rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS. 206 Hayward building.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$2fi50— TWO flats: good location: very cheap,
as owner goes East. , Apply 3316 Mission st
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st
HKAI. ESTATE— Country — For Saie.
622t"a~ Merced River, Merced Co., Cal.: -ap-
praised by court at $71,000; assessed by
County Assessor at $40,000; offered for $50,-
000- V4 year's time, « per cent; 000 A. level
grain, fruit and alfalfa lund; 4327 A. roll-
ing—grazing and grain land: Merced River !
passes through land; 9C0 A. can be Irrigated—
water free — no royalties; Improvements good;
school 1 mile; church and town 3 miles; on
direct road to Yosemlte; must be sold to close
estate; a bargain; the profits from these lands
made the former owner. JOHN L. IVELL,
who Was murdered In 1S90, rich; fine rains;
everything green and growing now. Address
J. W. KNOX. attorney-at-law. Merced, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH, Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 048
Market «t
PQI.\T RICHMOXp REAL ESTATB.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
mnps. photos, etc. Bi;LL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADJERT'S'M'NTS
BKBKELEY RR!A j! t ' , ESTA ' I 1P'
A. MURDOCIC & CO.. South Berkeley station.
for bargains; we build.- buy, sell or exchange.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A DESIRABLE, place for a home at your own
terms. See the owner, P. J. KELLER, of
Rose ave., 37th and 3t)th sts.. Piedmont ave.;
office 464 Ninth st, Oakland.
OAKLAND^FmiNITUUE KOIi SALS.
TO-MORROW the day for^bar^al^TTn^TurnU
tun?. H. Schelhaas.llth st.cor.store.Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'3I'TS
MILL VALLEY lllEAL ESTATE.
TAKE your wife to see the tract right at the
etation; big lots. 50x12.*, for $400; 1C0 sold In
short time; $10 monthly payments. LYON &
HOAG, 110 Montgomery st
rROI'USAJ.S. •
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage — De-
pot Quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgom-
ery St.. San Francisco, Cal., February 25,
1D04— Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject
to usual conditions, will be received at this
office until 10 o'clock a. m. Thursday March
10, 1004, Pacific standard time,- and then
opened, for furnishing blankets, campaign
hats, Berlin and horsehide gloves, collars,
drawers, leggii.gs (Khaki duck), hat cords
. russet shoes, dockings, undershirts, corn
brooms, scrubbing brushes, barrack chairs
telefcopt cases, tent poles, etc.; quantities to
be subject to an Increase of 20 per cent If de-
sired by this department: bids will be opened
for the delivery of the same articles at either
the Sf.n Francisco, Boston, Chicago and Phil-
* adelphla depots; all to conform to existing
standard samples and specifications; prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including in
the price of foreign production and manu.
facture the dutyVthereon). and such prcfer-
: ence will be jrlven to articles of American
■- production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
■' tion required by the public service there; the
United States. reserves the right to accept
or reject any or ail bids or any part thereof-
.Information and blank proposals will be fur-
nished on • application: envelopes containing
j ■ proposals to be mark-*d "Proposal No. 1«a) •
and addressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL,
' Qr. Mr., U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave., 615 — ?8; a flat of 3 good rooms:
unfurnished. Apply tt42 Grove st.
DE NORMANDY, 605* Pest— Nicely furn. rrcs.,
$2 week up; also h3kpg., $4 to $7 a week.
DEVISADERO. 4(0 — Two tunny front corner
rooms, clean, gas range, bath, laundry.
FOLSOM, 2576 — Furnished roorn^
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny front
parlor, also single rooms; housekeeping priv-
ileges, gas.'
HYDE. 1406— Sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; use of phone.
i KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Plne^ —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
POWELL. 10C5, The Virginia— Elegant fur-
nlshcd bay-window apartments, with gas
range, electric elevator, baths; also single.
STERLING Apartment, Hayes, bet. Fillmore
and Stelner — 4 rooms, bath; unfurnished:
must be seen to be appreciated: rent mod-
erate; will be finished March 1.
SPRUCE. 101 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; use of bath, etc.; fine nelgh-
hood; $15; call after 2 p. m.
THIRD. 30ft— Two sunny front rooms, $12; eulte
of 3, $16; another, $8.
VAN N'ESS. 1008 — Large, sunny, furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges If dAired;
good beard in immediate vicinity.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
i THE LUNGER. 445 OctavIjT. cor7Haye»l^Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights: private
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices. .
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-rcom
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
St. Andre. 12"0 Pine — New management, superb
aptmt«;strlctly flrst-clfiss; steam beat: electric
liKhts;pilv.;pbone;elcv.:l to 5 rms.. with priv.
bath: furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOuTs. 1575 ~ Jackson st— ModerrTYT-3
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
IROQUOIS Apartments, 510 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2. S and 4 rms.; open for inspection.
H ADDON HALL.
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
I1OOHS TO LET — Fnra, nn.l Unfurn.
AURORA, corner Second ynd Fol9om sts.— New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from. $1 5t> per
week up; thUKis the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached. ,
A SUITE of three large fronT rooms and
bath suitable for two young men or couple.
Unusually fine location. Address box 4320,
Call office.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 p^r night $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "Ihe Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night
ALT, newly furnished beautiful rooms at the
Waverly rooming house, 841 O'Farrell st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUJ5H. 2333 — Two nice, sunny rooms, with
small kitchen If desired; also small sunny
room, $5.
CUMM1NGS (The). 618 Post nr. Taylor — Just
opened; desirably located; sunny.slngla rooms
and nulteft. with private baths, hot and cold
walei. steam heat, electric lights,
every room; elevator: breakfast if desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH, THE, 239 Powell, cor. Geary—
Sunny suites and offices: also single rooms.
ELLIS, 647 A — Front suite; newly furnished:
modern flat: every convenience; private
French family of 2.
ELLIS, 837 — Nicely furnished room; private
, family.
FERN HALL. 812 Bush — Elegantly furn. ronu;
all sunny: terms reasonable: references.
FOR single gentleman. In private home (no
other roomers), a large sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address Box 2K24. Call office.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
HOTEL WMBOURNB-^
Elegantly furnished rooms, en suite and sin-
gle; every room light and modern; a few
steps from Market &t. ; a call will convince
you; rates reasonable. 420 Eddy st.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 4S3 Ellis st— New house
and new furniture: steam heat: Iiot water;
free baths: house open and elevator rervice
all night; transient M. E. GRANT, former-
ly at the Vendome. 1104 Market st.
HOWARD, 640— Large room. $4 5O month; re-
gpectable workmen only; no children; quiet
JESSIE, 3C1— Furnished front room; $7 per
month.
MISSION. 837A— Furnished rooms by the day.
week or month: prices reasonable.
NATOMA, 615 — Furnished room, gentlemen
only, rent reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SUTTER, 622 — Clean, comfortable rooms, with
hot and cold water; bath; terms reasonable.
SUTTER, 1120^ — 4 large sunny rooms to let for
offices.
THIRD, 308 — Rooms. 25c. 50c, 75c and $1 per
night; $1 to $4 week; nice," quiet; bath.
TURK. 735— Front and back parlor; suitable
for 2 gentlemen or light housekeeping; SIS.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market-^400
rooms, 35c to $1 night $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator.rea(L-room: free bus: baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 519 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN NESS.avft., 807— Elegant front suite, $:;0;
also housekeeping rooms; call after 3 o'clock.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light la
. every room; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a
week; open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
' of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AX^"°> R P:
V HATTON
877 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites: private 1>aths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table. .■; /
| hotelTbaltimore.
1015 van ness ave.. near geary st.
select and first class
phone private exchange 706.
~~ earlcourt. ~ ~~
1011 pine st.— a beautiful small
hotel: just opening: everything
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
ATHERTON (The), 1661 Octavla, near Sutter—
Large sunny airy suites and single rooms;
beautiful lawn; excellent board; reas. rates.
LARGE cooking stove, kitchen utensils, two
beds with bedding, one counte r ,meat saw and
knives: will sell cheap. 225<4 Eighth st.
THE AUDUBON. co~Hyde and California—
Pleasant roms now vacant; suite or single;
excellent board.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished !
suites, wltn baths; also single; homelike.
Golden Gate ave., 1224 — Nicely furnished room
-with board:. modern conveniences; gentleman..
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG couple wish board, flrst-clas* board^
. ins-house or. family. MASON BROWN, gen-
eral delivery. •
, ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 1 unfurnished rooms around Hayer
Valley. Address McN.. 68 Tiffany ave.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO end Suburban Home Uulld-
lfttj •society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 7CS Market t>t. opposite Third—
For the half yeftr ending 51st of December
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum cf (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificate*,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
- DAY. January 2, 1004. JOSEPH A. : LEON- ,
ARD. Manacer. HUGH CRAIC. S#rr»t»r».
MADAM DF.VAS"
PALMIST AND ASTROT.OGIST. LIEBES
EUILDINO> 130 POST ST.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 313
Taylor st. near Geary. Phane Black flgl.
PA 1 XT1 13 C. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $t up: trntlng; palntJns.
Itartmann Paint Co.. ::19 Third; tel.Maln 41.:.
IMRTXEUS WASTKD.
CARPENTER, partner In old established shop:
too much work for one man. Box 214f». Call.
PHYSICIANS AM) SIRCEO.NS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNKLL— Offlce and residence.
1021 H Market st.. bet fith an<J 7th; partlca-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. «!<ln und rectal diseases a- upectelty.
DR. HALL. 1073Vi Market st
REMOVED- Oil. WONG IHM. her.l doctor,
treats all diseases of tlie human body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at e<>7 Geary St., near Leaven-worth.
DR. TONG PO CUT. successor to Pr. LI To
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and t B as. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and, Taylor sts.
WO.NO WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chin*** herbs. 74A-* Clay st.
SPECIAL .1OTICK9.
I HAVE bought the confectionery business of
CHARLES GUILLET at 005 Larkin St.
San Francisco, Cal.. and will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted bv the abov*
CHARLES GUILLET. E. D. PAULSEN.
i =
j |50 REWARD for the body of Philip Slmon-
etti. fisherman. drowned near Sausaltto.
ONETO BROS.. 4tf> Ray St.. city.
' - ■ - - -'
SKWPtd MACHHES .VXD SUPPLIES
WE have several slightly shopworn sewing ma-
chines we shall close at half price or less at
once. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Po«t.
WE want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
ply at 3t!O Post St.. from S to 8 a. m..
W'hlte Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family u»»:
best Is cheapest; *eeond-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds renfd lowest ratesv.
Domestic offce. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME— See our n«*w triple-feed^ ma-
chines; slightly u«ed: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $.1. $r>. *N: all styles; gnarnnteed. New
Hon-.e Sewing Machlr«» Co., 1031 Marktt st.
STORAGE AM) WAKRIIOUSGS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture^
household icooila stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7ul Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Gi-ant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
flce P«st and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 33CJ Golden Onto ave.; phone East 12G.
GOLDEN We.ot Storage; advances made; fW>
Mission St.; tel. Howard MI. K. W. Z^hfuas.
PACIFIC Storage am! Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2«20 Fillmore «t.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van am! Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S-10. Shipping at cut rates.
STIJTTKRIXC _ A -? P - SrA ? 11IEftlVO ''
MKLEIOIIINE School. Va'i Nes<i-Market— Cure
In every case; Individual- teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful curce; home cure.
TYPEUUITEUS A.M> SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: renta!s $2 50. Th»
s Typewriter Exchange. 5S0 California st
A FEW good typewriters at •$::!> each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st
FOR sale — Typewriter, good condition, very
cheap. 31 Flood' BIdar.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, reoalred.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
LEGAL AOVEUTISEMKJITsT
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. Pro-
bate—In the matter of the estate of HARK?
A. L. FLOYD GOPCEVIC. deceased. No.
: 0074. notice fur publication of time appoint-
*a for probate of will. C. C. P.. sec. 1303—
Notice Is hereby given that MONDAY tn«
2»th day of February. A. D. 1SXM. at U
o'clock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of said court, at tha
City Hall. In the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, have be«r.
appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYL*
GOPCEVIC, deceased, and for hearing th»
application of HENRY E. MATHEW3 and
PETAR M. GOPCEVIC for the issuance to
them of letters testamentary thereon.
(Seal) JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
Dated February 15. A. D. 1904".
Indorsed: Filed February 15 1904.
JOHN J GREIK. Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
JOHN F. DAVIS and BISHOP. WHEELER
& HOEFLER. Attorneys for Petitioners.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
David E. Allison Jr.. 21. 817 Van Ness ave-
nue, and Emma II. McMillan, 18. 500 Thir-
teenth street
Robert J. Taylor, 23, 123 1^ Sixth street, and
Jeanne Colearove. 22. Oakland.
■ Harvey L. Marvin, 2«, 2100 Scott street, and
Lillian R. Field. 21, 1230 Geary street.
Hippolyte Brouase, 34, 221 Mason street, and
Francolse G. Eatacallle. 21. 221 Mason street.
John H. Hicklin. 21. 103 Twenty-ninth street,
and Cassie Cameron. 19, 119 Turk, street
Giovanni Brlgnole. 33. Asti, and Roa*
Rocca. 18. Asti.
Fred Cameron. 40. lC82>i Mission street, and
Catherine T. Woodrow. 5«. 1682*4 Mission.
Jaims F. Callahan. 25, 24 Sixth street, and
Alyce M. Grush. 22. 21 Sixth street.
Jam«3 S. Goldsmith, 43, Baltimore, Md..
and Mabel A. Son, 2ti. city.
Carl F. II. FInke. 42. Elmhurst. and Una
Crockford, 43. 52S Valencia street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices tent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed -with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the »ame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this columa
fre« of charge.
BORN.
SCHEU— In this city, to the wife of L. Scheu.
a aon.
DIED.
Anderson, Bruno Oberst, William
Anderson, Ronald L. O'Connor, Margaret
Clark, Francis Moenntng, Emit F.
Cleir, Annie Moore. Isaac
Conrcy. Michael Muller. Frank
Coughlan, Thomas Murphy, Dennis
E CrCft, William Roseler. Agnes L. S.
Deasy, Timothy Skinney. James T.
Dowlin, Iris Marv Stewart. Jane W.
Evans, Henry Thurman, Gsnevlar*
Gorman, Michael Wallkren. Olive
Hatflctd, Clarence Wilson. Thomas C.
Helset, Peter H. Yeomans, Albert B.
Le Gay. Jeanne __ _
ANDERSON — Entered Into rest. February 24.
1004. Ronald Loutrel Anderson, d?arly be-
loved baby of Reinhold L. and Serena C.
Anderson, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 7 months and 20 days.
C^FVends are resi>ectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 12
o'clock, from the residence of the parent*.
2G25A Bus* street Interment private.
Mount Olivet Cfmetery. by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets;
ANDERSON— In this city, February 22. IJHM.
Bruno, beloved brother of Peter Anderson of
. Eureka, Cal., a native of Sweden, aged 10
' years.
CTFri? ids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitid to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the oarlors of
the United Undertakers, 866 Mission street,
betwceen Fourth and Fifth. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
CLARK— In this city. February 23. 190*.
Francis, beloved hiuband of Catherine Clark,
and father of Dennis S . James J. and Mary
E. Clark, a native of County Monagnan.
Ireland aged 74 years.
(C7Thc- iuneral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from W3 late resi-
dence. 2 East avenue, thence to St John'f
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of hh». soul at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLKIR— In Oaklarrl, February 23. 1904 Annie
Cleir. beloved wife of the late William Cleir.
and mother of Patrick. William, Martin.
Thomas and Daniel Clelr, Mrs. Marjear»t
DavLs. Mrs. May King and Mrs. Annie
Fitzgerald, e native of Kings County. Ire-
land, aged 57 years 6 months and 25 days.
tyKrlenils end acquaintancts are redp-ct-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral dwfiatur-
day, February 27. at 0:30 o'clock, from he^
Continued on Pace Fourto— _
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Tlilrt^en.
late resident*. T53 Grave street, Oience to the
«'hurch of the Immaculate Conception, wnere
:■ solemn requiem masa will be celebrated
t..r the rcxicse of ber soul at 10 o'clock. ln-
UTroent Ft. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
Crt.VROT- In this city. February 24. 1904,
M>chacl beloved husband of Catherine Con-
voy and father of Mary. 'William. Joseph
■nd James t^onroy, Mrs. David Hanley and
the- late Kat'.c Conroy, a native of County
t/.alway lit'.and. aged C2 years. (New Or-
leans and Xcw York papers piease copy.)
jjyFTlenis and acquaintances are respect-
; :liy invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Kridsyt at 0 a m., from his late residence.
::TC Preiita avenue, thence to St. Peter's
< "("urch. where a requiem high mass will be
« '-iebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
taeaetat at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
' emetery.
O'l'CHUX- In this city. February 25, 1904.
Thomas, belivod husband Of th» late Rose
• "".UKlilar,. and father or Michael Coushlan.
M^ B " t A. Moltnret, Mrs. W. von Ploennies
.-••'! Mrs" WT. £t. Amant, a native irf Llm-
*>• iok. lr».land.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
CttOFT— to P.edlanas. February 24. 190*.
WilUant Croft, beloved son of the late "Wil-
liam and Fanny M. Winter, and brother of
Mit. M. E. n'tckaoo. Mrf. F. E. Salsie. Mrs.
M. d. Hupp »r>d Harriet I*.. Annie M., Grace
T. snd i'larence L. Winter.
C7Xotic« of funrral hereafter.
DKAFY— In this city. February' 24. 1£«U. Tim-
othy belovd husbunJ of the late Marjraret
Peaty, and fnther of Michael, Maraaret
and Timothy Deary and the late Mrs. Mary
Allen, a native of County Cork. Ireland,
apM fi* yean 1 month and S days.
[£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral i o- morrow
■^aturdaj ), Bt i':-'I" o'clock, from his late
i*>sldence. 6X3H .lassie ptreet, thence to St.
.'r.«ephV «7hurch. where a r'qulem mass will
'-= . .!*-l>rEtnd for the repose of h!s soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ctxm Ccmct.y.
IK'WLIN— l.n this cir>% Februan' 2.'., 1!WV4.
Bt the home of her parents. 22* Eighth
;• venue, between Clement and California.
*! reels. Iris Nary, beloved dauffcter aiid
only child of John C and Inez Dowlin, a.
r.stivo of San Francisco, aged 3 years 7
nsont!:* and 25 days.
EVAN'?— In this city. February 22. 1SHM.
Hesjrj-, beloved «on of St«r.hen and the late
i;!len" Evans, brother of Mrs. Mary Becker.
n.ph'w of Mi.«s Mar> - A. Kelly, and uncle
c! Teresa' Be<-k«T, a uatlve of St. John, N.
B . tLf-d 2."> rcara r.rJ 1'.' months. A inem-
i rr of Barte-ndeiV International L'.-agus
No 41.
C^TKrienfls and acquaintances are respect*
'i<i!y InvtUd to attend the funeral to-day
i Friday), at lo:30 o'clock, from the jiarlors
of H F Puhr /i < '•>.. lUT Mifsion street, be-
tmecn and Eighth. Interment Mount
I l ii\ct Cenetcst ■
Gup.WAN- At Sj-lir^s,. Monterey County. Feb.
"."i. 1901. Mi<*h**-l Gorman, beloved husband
pf the late Elizabeth O<^rrran, and father of
Jam<« J., Georc* D., Frank M.. Oiarles A.
r. -1 The late William «rd PhiliD Gorman.
nnd brother of I>ennis Gorn-.an. a native of
tYwaty Tipperarj-. Ireland, ased d years.
'No-vVnrk par-erf rl"aie cr.py.)
CXNotlce of funeral hereafter. Pleaf*
r>n,;t flower*. Remairs at ihe rarlors of the
Vnitrd C»flertak«Ti. S'J6 Mission street.
I-'AT'i-'liJU)- Entered into rcM. February 25.
ir«i<. Clanrnce V., beloved huaband of Kate
;;=•:}■> Id <ree Purke). and son of Margaret
and th» late A- J. HatSeM, and brother at
Lenox C. Mildred N. and Forest Katfield.
a native of Mafsachusett?, agr^d ."51 year?.
•• :-,rn:ber r.f < 'an-^nters' Union Xo. -JS3.
• Post en. Masf . papera picas* copy.)
t^Romahi* st tiarlors of McFadden. Mc-
I'resrty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
- <v.<>cr\ Seventh nnd Elclith.
IJEISEL— In thi<= city, February 25. 19M.
»v:.-r H., beloved husband of Fredericka
Ifrtset. an<J father of «.'arrie, Edward. Anita
muj Willie He'.sel. a native of PchleswiK-
llolsteitt. <»frmiin\. aced 49 years » months
i nd IS <1«\» \ member of Draymen's and
"'• arist*-rs' Union.
CJTFVieaJa a:il a~>^u3ir. nnccg are reppect-
fulljr jnviTcl I" attend th» funeral to-morrow
•.-'. turdayi. PebruatT 2", at 2:30 o'clo<-k.
• r:i the rarior.= of H. F. Fuhr & Co.. 11"7
Mi^Fion Ftipft, between S»\f-nth and Eighth.
iDtcrmral Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LE GAY— In thia citv. February 23. 1904,
.Vainf Le Ghv. beloved wiJe of the late
Iug3*t Le Gay. belr.ved mother of August,
Paul and Eneenie l^e Gajr and Mrs. M.
.i'ijb«rt. and ntother-ln-tav of Mrr. Ausrust
'.a Uay, a native vt Frame, atcl C*i years
'Z niont'iF and 16 days.
C^Frk-nf^ and at quaintr.n'-e?; are rerpect-
:u!ly invited lo attend the funeral Friday,
February 2«i. at 12:30 oV'.ook. from Ikt late
!>t-i.ience, 2.")." Thirteenth street, thence to
HVench <'hurch of Nitre 1'sto de* Yiitoires.
for services, lnt-.rment Holy Cr»Fs Ccrae-
M"_i:NXIXG— In this city. February 24. ior.4.
Kiiijl F. Mc-nntng. beloved husband of Min-
nie Moenninjr <nee TIarm?>. father cf Milton
«n<i Unimie Moenninc. hon of UueDther and
th<! lat.- 1ati?l ilocnp.tnr;. ar.d brother of
«;<o:f:<> and Herman Moer.nir.T. a native of
\\1sconsin. afd 4« years 4 ir:or;th« and 2S
<1«vf. A member of In<lepcn'1«'nt Rifles an'l
Orant <y>un<il Xo. 19. Jr. O. U. A. M.
E7Pr>nds ard ■f~«|U3lnt:in«"*« Ve^ne^t-
f!i!l> in\ited to attend th<^ funeral f»-morr»w
ihatnrday), at 2 o'clock, from the fun?ral
!••<•:,.]> c.{ the H. V. Maars «.".;in:.any, 017
Mteeinn street. Intrrmtnt Odd Follows'-
• em> if . >.
:.:<» >hk— in this city. February 23. 1901. at
! If r'-iflcn-". 11^ v'hwttano^Ka strf-et, Isia<-.
:■ ■ \-d hu^fanii of Ellen M'jore. and d"votM
lather -f Dr. P.. I. Moore and Mrs. E. H.
A5"«t». a native of Oouoty Dublin. Ireland.
ac«d G2 >icara U month;- ami 1 day.
Ml'I.LKR— In thia city. February 26. l»04. at
;h<- 'Jrrman Hospital. Frank Mailer, brother
of <>rl Muller of Heal.isburit. CeneaU tt.
Mailer of Fresno ar.d John and Louis
Muller of Han Francisco, a native of Gcr-
n. any. eped ."■!> yrars ami lij <lay!«.
C3rNot:<-e of funeral hereafter.
Mt.'BPIlT— In this city. February 2.V l'.WI,
I'titb Murr.liv, a native of the town of New
!:•,.■?■. County Wexford. Ireland, ■■:-„• .: 7a
| VAVf-.
OBERST— In this city. February 24. \'tf>\, WB-
liani. beloved hu»l>an<l of the late Rosalie
<-'f-rft. an1 father of Mrs. Emma O'Coji-
a native pf Swit^eriand. r.sfl fig yars.
A member r.f Kan Francisco Lodsre Xo. I.
0. <! II. 5?.. and tran Francisco Grutli
\>r<-in.
Z^T Fri«*nds and acjuaintsners are respect-
fully Invited to att'nd t'.ie funeral to-morrow
<S;:Miniay». February 27. at 1 :."0 o'clotk.
Ir'un the jiarlors of H. V. Suhr & Co.. 1137
MNsif.n nreeC betw«ea Beventta »nd Eighth.
Interment 1!oum CHlvet OmeteiT.
OCOXXOR— In San Hafael. February 2.">.
V.X*. Marcarot J.. wi.low of the late John
O'Connor, and rery beloved mother of John
1. and JametAi T. •)' Connor and Mrf. .Tam«-s
M< ran. a native of Ireland, aged C8 years.
C^Fri* > n<i;» and acquaintanooK are respect-
fully Invited to attend th<? r<<jui'-iTi nass to
l" celebrated a*. S:. Mary's Oathedral. Van
.W«-s avenut-, en Haturtla.v, February 27, at
1" o'clock. Interment ptivate.
J:"SI;LKR— In this city. February 2:*,. 1904.
.^cik? L. S-. beloved wife or Isnir William
i:'M-!er. and mother of Rnsie. Edward and
AlJc* # I'oseler. « native of Kiel, llolstein,
Cfnntny, a?«»<1 .■>!< years and 7 months.
fryKrif-nrts a:id acquaintances are resp«»ct-
fully Invited I... attend th" funeral to-day
• Friday}, a: I o'clock. lrom the ni'rlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
!"»f,n Seventh »>.n<l Eichtli. Interment Mount
Oltwt Cemetery.
KKIXXKR— In Oakland. February 24. 1304.
Jam- s T.. iK'lovfd liuMiand *>f I"!lr n Skinner.
Iand father «if Jamci Jl. and U. <". Skinner.
Mi>. Atew I. J.-ns<»n. Mrs. Charles F. Mel"
:• r. Mm. «;porce H. Pii-rce and the late Mrs.
Myer .laiobs.
. CFrten4* and acquaintances are respect-
!n!!y Invited to attrri the funeral to-day
'Frllayt. at 1 o'clock, frmn the rpmdcnc» of
II. «/. Skinner. Wxi Stefn^r street. Intcr-
ment DrH-ale. at *">i)ress Unn <*cmctery.
fi I'WART- In Mill Valley. February 25
!:«M. Mrs. Jane W. Stewart.
C^Ncilce of funeral hereafter.
THLTiMAX- In IVrkelev. February 25. l'.X>4.
••^t» viiv'.. beloved daurhtcr of Edwin and
Kmma Tliurnian. a native of Oakland. Cal.,
ec^ 13 year* 11 months and 2» dajs.
WALLKEE.V- In this city. February 25. irx>4.
<>liv" Wallkoon. Ix-Ioved dauthter of Mn«.
■ Annie S. and the late Jame« Chifhulni •>(
Atpena. Mich., and tister of Wiilicm S.
< 'l;l"holtr of Minneapolis'. Mian., a native of
<."»na<la. a:;pd 'Jl> y^ar».
C^Fiincral and Interment at Alpena.
Mich. Jiemain* at the chatx-1 of Charlet. H.
J. Truman * Co.. 1909 Mhwtoa streH, be-
. tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
P- '"^OX— In thij. city, F^bruary 2.% 1'KM.
iorran «'. Wilson, drarly beloved huetian'l
A'!i-<^ Wiisnn. ami d<>arls- beloved brother
Mai aid J, sejih Wilwon. a native of
;!!«J«-|j:hia. ac»-<J 36 years.
_■}( <'MAXS— In thlK city. February 24. Albert
1?. Y'-omanK. a native of Ohio, as^d .'.1 years
end C montbk.
KtNRY J. CALIACKER CO.
<Fucr«>fsoi-* »o Klannat-an & <JaIlach<-r )
DAKIEL P. DONOVAN. M«t
P V "^?i!; DIItK-rrORH AND EMBALMEKS,
20 Fifth «., ..iMjsitp Lincoln School.
Tt-lrphone iw uth Hi.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Kunrral Directors nnd Emhalmcr*
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
SOW at S«i(J MISSION. "Tel. s'n,th 167
Btuwn Fourth and Fifth. n>>ar Fifth st.
l-'inp^t i;quii»mentt at Moderate Katrs.
1 James McC&m. Hcnr>' Hanson.
JAMES McGINN At CO.,
Foniif-rly With McGinn Bros..
Funrral Director* e.nd Kmlialmers
iH Eddy rt.: Tel. South S7C.
NAPA. Feb. 25.— There will be a mass-meet-
irjj li<»ld bfrp next Thurfday cvpnins -and
»-t<pg taken toward p^curing the San Fran-
nun and Na:>a Railroad throurh this city,
inaklns a fbortcr route f r»— * *»** to , San
Fruncitco.
DEATH SUMMONS
A WELL-KNOWN
STATE EMPLOYE
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 25.— Charles J.
"Willey, Assistant Surveyor General of
the State, who has held Important po
sitions in that office for a number of
years, died lo-day at his residence in
this city. Deceased was a native of
Vermont, aged 69 years. He was a
member of the Knights Templar and
Ancient Order of United Workmen or
ganizations.
Confederate Veteran Dies.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.— D. D. McClel
land, 82 years old, was found dead in
a chair this morning in a room at
Mrs. J. J. Denwell's residence, 560 Fif
teenth street. McClelland was a Con
federate veleran of the Civil War. Of
late he had been employed as a quar
antine guard by the Health Depart
ment. Death was from a natural
cause. The Coroner will hold an in
quest.
Death Sununoas Mrs. Mary Wilson.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 25.— Mr.". Mary
Wilscyi, one of the earliest set^sis in
this vicinity, died suddenly th0 morn
ing. She was a native of Tennessee,
about 80 years of ape. She mad? her
home with her daughter, Mrs. James
Birch, on Cherry street, in this city,
and was one of the hest known and
most highly respected residents of So
noma County.
Chinese Free Masons Lose . Chief .
DENVER, Feb. £5.— Lonp Wah Hang,
known as chief of the Chinese Free
Masons, is dead in this city. After
elaborate funeral ceremonies his body
will be shipped direct to Hongkong:.
Long . owned nearly all the Chinese
gambling: resorts in Denver and was
reputed to be very wealthy.
Labor Organizer of Xole Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— John Phillips,
secretary of the national organization
of hatters of North America, and well
known in labor circles throughout the
country, died to-day, aged 67 years.
Watch Company Is Swindled.
S. A. Bryant., agent for a watch com
pany at 605 Ellis street, secured a war
rant yesterday for the arrest of E. M.
Bennett on a charge of obtaining
goods by false pretenses. Bryant al
leges that Bennett represented himself
as F. B. Kerrick, a guest at the Golden
West Hotel. He bought a gold watch
and told Bryant to call at the note!
later and he would get the money.
Bryant called, but no one knew of F.
B. Kerrick. Bennett has gone to Los
Angeles and the police there have
been notified to arrest him.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25.
City ami County of San Francisco to Ignacz
N. EiEPnbersr. lot on W line of Larkin street,
27:&i 4 S of Clay. S 60 by W 100; $ .
Martha E. Brown to Daniel J. and Kate T.
Buckley, lot on N lir.e of Washington street.
155:9 W of Buchanan, W 25:3 by N 127:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Jo
hanna Fischer, lot on E line of Stelner street,
95 S of Fell, S 27:6 by E 100: $ .
Martin Hcberger to Catherine Heberger, lot
N line <>f Golden Gate avenue, 96:104 E of
Lyon street, K 25 by X 125; $15.
Catherine Hebcr^er to Robert E. Sullivan,
tarn"; Jflo.
Thomas C. ar.d Fannie Arnold to Josefina B.
de and Haturnino Yelas, lot on E line of Lott
f-trwt, l»x> N or Fell. X 25 by E 106:3; 510.
Koward and Fanny R. B«xr.ett to Terrance
P. and James C. Martin, lot on SW corner of
Oak street and Central avenue, W 56:3 by 8
11©: $i".
Thomas F. Parkinson to Nathaniel Brew.
lfit en N line of '.Valier street. S4:"Vi E of
FhradPr. E 0:0»i by N 100; $10.
Safety Mutual Building and L<oan Associa
tion to Martha E. Sherwood, lot on S line of
Twenty-first street. 180 E of Castro, E 25 by
8 114; $825.
Peter H. .-ind Emily J. Klein to Ferdinand
Nl£-r<-ir.ann. Jot on E line of Alabama street,
:>G; S of Twentieth. S 26 by E 100; $10.
TherP!-a M. Brooks to Charles G. Solvin. lot
on S lin^ of Twenty-ninth street. 255 W of
Xoe. AV 25 by 8 114: $10.
Katherire A. Rivrrs tr> Fmmeline M. Reed,
lot on X line of Valley street, 130 E of Dia
mond. E 25 by X 114; J]o.
Ann Bfgley <by Murray F. Vandall, commis
sioner! to German Savings and Loan Society,
lot on W line of Eureka street, 73 X of Xine
teenth, X 24 by W 83: $70fl.
Robert J. Tobin to Morris Siminoff. lot on E
lino of Kearny street. 41 :*5 X of Pacific, X 06.
K CS:9. .S .'.7:<\ W "4:4'j. S T.8:6, W 34:41,;
flO.
Josfi.li A. Oliver to Joseph O. and Richard
C. Tobin. l<u on SE corner of California and
Spring; street*. S C2:C by E 25: $10.
Joseph O. Tobin and Richard C, alias Cyril
R. ToViin to Oliver D. Tobin. lot on SE corner
of California and Spring street, E 25 by S
C2:<5:. $10.
Louis rjouzy to Caroline Rogallo^ lot on X
line of Hinekley street. 57:6 E of Dupont nnd
♦•.0 s of Vallejo. E 20 by X 32: also all Interest
In ostat? of Joan P. Gouzy; $150.
Tomaso Galliano to Mary Valsantriacomo.
lot on W lino of Mason street. 103:1 U, X of
Green. X 2-'! by W r!7:6: also lot on X line of
Eighteenth strtet. 14S W of Folscm. W 24 by
x 100: s.vto. .
Mary A. Klujre fS<-hneider). Edna L. Pracy,
l<1a A. and Mierard Dukes to Ella O. Fltschen
(wife of John C).. lot on SE line of Mission
street. 137:6 XE of Main. XE 45:10 by SE
137:6; afro lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
•street. 40o W cf Xoe. E 50 by S 114; $10.
Evan T.'atts to James L.. Flood and James
E. Walsh; iot on SE line of Stevenson etreet.
US SW of Third. SW 2« by SE 70; *10.
M. J. Rudolph anil Tillie Mohr to Theodore
Robertson, lot on FW line of Rttch street, 160
SE of Bryant. SW 75. SE 40. XE 35:8, SE 0:2
XE 4:2. XW O:l r <i. XE 35:2. XW 40:11*: $10.
Douglas S. Watson to same, lot on SW line
of Pitch street, 200 SE of Bryant, SE 5 by
SW -.:,: *io.
Morris and 1'cpi Xaylor to August and Au
ci-«te Kunert. lot on K\V line of Morris street,
27.". SIC of Harrison. SE 25 by SW 8<>: $10.
Charli-s and Caroline Goodall to Anna V.
Saul. Iot on S line of clement street, 1(2 E of
Fourth avenue. E 2» by S 100: $10.
Anna V. Saul to Mary C. Saul, same: $10.
J«-nnie M. Em!th iMapneson) and Xeil Smith
to J. and Ajrnrs Ednian. let on E line of
Twenty-firs? avenue. 275 X of Point Lobos, N
25 by E 120: $10. <
Jennie S. Y«>rke .alias York to Solomon Getz.
lot on W line or Thirty-fifth avenue. 100 X of
B siwt. S loo by W 240: $10.
Iiay District Land Company to John C. and
Mary J. HdRar. lot on X\V corner of C street
and Third avenue, X 50 by W 95; $10.
City Realty Company to Sylvester Pearl, lot
on X line of 1 street. t)5 W of Fourth avenue,
W 50 by X JHi; $10.
r*heb«" A. Hearst to Hannah Wilson, lot on
SE corner of W street and Eighteenth avenue
K 240 by S (;0O; $10.
Josephine E. and C. R. Dempster to. Oscar
Hcyman. lot 2. block 11. Spreckels' subdi
vision of Uodd A. B and D. Park Hill Home
stead Association Xo. 2: 510.
Oscar Hcyman to J. H. Jordan, same: $10.
Thomas and Frances T. Hoige to En.eline
H, RIan._'inp. lot 11. blotk C. Park Hill Home
stead Af-soeiatKti Xo. 2; $10.
Daniel W. Sexton to Arnold W. Detwiier,
lot oil W line of Lre avenue. 250 X of Hollo
way street. X 23 by W 112:0, lot 39, block 3,
Lakevlew; $io.
Mary and David Mitchell to Mary A. Altchl
son, lot en W line of Victoria street, 200 S of
Randolph. R 25 by W lO->. lot ;;". block 38.
City Land Association, quitclaim deed; $1.
Alexander C. ami Mary E. Bcede to Nellie
U. Smith <wifo of GoorK* W.). lot on E line
of South Broderick street. 101:3 X cf Four
teenth. X 23 by B 115. lot 11. block C, Park
Hill Homesteai Association; $10.
John J. and Anna Driscr.ll to P. Ducas Com
pany, lot on XE lin* of Giranl street, 73 XW
<»f Olmnttad. XW 50 by XE 120, lots 11 and 12,
block 11. Paul Tract; $10.
Joseph R. and Margaret Eldrldpe to Mary
nnd William E. Price, lot on SE line of. Buena
Vista street. 25:S SW of EuRenia, SW 25:8 by
SK 70. lot ;s04. Cobb Tract; $10.
Protmant Episcopal Old Ladies,* Home to
Anna D. J«ost. lot on SW line of Eighth ave
nue. 120 XW of L street. XW 120 by SW 2P0,
lots 1U1 and 10S. block 165. Centra" Park; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Anna L. Edgar (owner) with J. Frank Ball
• contractor). . architect — Alterations to a
two-story frame builillnc on lot on W line of
Fourth avenue, 275 X of Clement street; $(£2.
Henry Y. and Elizabeth Sethmann (owners),
with Cox Bros, (contractors), , architect
— AH work foK, a .two-story frame building
(two flats) on lot on E line of Church street
1«>:6 X of Sixteenth, X 25 by E 125; $608O.
«>eorge F. Beveridce (owner) with Ludowlci
Roofinrr Tile Company (contractors), architect
Xewton J. Tharp — Roof tiling, etc.. for a two
story and basement frame residence on lot on
W line of Presidio avenue (Central avenue),
K:8'4 X of Jackson street, N 40 by W JH>
Wf stern Addition W4; $. in\
Same owner with Schanz & Grundy (con
tractors), architect name — Plumbing, etc, for
taine on same; S 1755.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1904.
DORIC ARRIVES FROM THE FAR EAST
A DAY AHEAD OF HER SCHEDULE TIME
Liner Brings Many Passengers and Her Cargo Includes Part of
China's Exhibit for the World's Fair at St. Louis— Has on
Board Japanese Gold Worth $1,02^,000 and Much Raw Silk
The first gun in the Russo-Japanese
war was fired the day the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company's liner
Doric left Yokohama, but those aboard
the steamship, which arrived here
yesterday, first learned at Honolulu of
the opening of hostilities. There was
little sign at the Japanese port of the
country being on the verge of war, and
so carefully did Russia's little opponent
hide her preparations that the news
of war being on was received on board
the liner with some surprise.
The Doric arrived a day ahead of her
schedule time, and made the run from
Hongkong in 27 days 6 hours, or twen
ty-four hours less than the correspond
ing trip last year. The Doric landed at
Honolulu 1055 tons of cargo and 301
passengers, 294 of them being Japanese.
She brought to this port a shipment of
Japanese gold yen valued at $1,025,000.
and raw silk worth more than $500,000.
She also brought 111 passengers, of
whom fifty-five were Asiatics.
Among the passengers were a num
fcer of prominent Japanese officials. E.
Hioki of the Japanese diplomatic corps
and his fellow countrymen in the cabin
were given a special dinner February
11 in honor of the accession to the
thfone of their first Emperor 2560 years
ago.
F. A. Carl of the Chinese imperial
customs service was a passenger on the
Doric and is going to St. Louis as a
commissioner in charge of China's ex
hibit at the World's Fair. D. Perce
bois, A. Berthet and L. Y. Fong will
assist Carl in his duties at the exposi
tion. About 544 tons of the Chinese ex
hibit formed part of the Doric's cargo.
The Doric was gayly decorated on
Washington's birthday and a special
dinner was served in honor of the day.
The passengers included the following
named :
O. J. Bainbridze, A. Berthet, L. G. Boyil,
Mrs. L. Brienaudy, Mrs. F. A. Carl. Kev.
Iioberts CoI<?f. Mi.«s K. DalBleish, R. I. Fearon,
Mrs. K. Ferrant. L. V. Fen*. Mrs. A. D. Gor
don. R Oreig, G. W. Jones. E. Hiokl, N. Le-
Jeune, S. Minekishi and F'-rvant. T>. Fercebois.
Mr? J. H. Pike, T. Sakurai, G. H. Shute,
Mrs. E. P. Wolf. Mrs. A. Young, Carl Behn,
A. Rianohl. L. Brignaudy, I'. A. Carl. N. S.
Clark P. A. Crosthwaite, E. Eddison, R.
Ferrant, E. Felgel. S. Fukuzawa, Miss M.
Gordon Mrs. E. H. Himrod and infant. T.
Kadoya, Mrs. C. O. Homshell. J. T. Marriner,
A Maniuca Olivelra, A. L. Piccardo, VV. 11.
Pitts, H. Shugio. Miss E. M. Ward, A. Youniu.
From Honolulu— Miss M. Ahern. Miss C. .W.
Flanders. E. Hemsted, A. D. Erdman, H.
Greystone and valet. Miss S. H. Lewis.
Comes to Port in Distress.
The schooner Sausalito, Captain Rasmussen,
fifteen days from Grays Harbor for San Pedro,
put into port last night in distress. She left
the northern port about the same time as the
schooner Emma Utter and weathered the
storm in which the latter vessel was wrecked.
The- Sausalito will need considerable repair
ing before proceeding to her southern destina
tion. Captain Rasmussf-n reports that on Feb
ruary VI. at 4 p. m., in latitude 47 25 N. long
itude 125 19 W, the Sausalito encountered a
terrific southwester, accompanied by very high
seas. *She lost of her deckload 40,000 feet of
lumber? Her compass box and wheel box
were washed overboard and one big sea swept
away her figurehead. Foresail, staysail and
jib were gpllt and the rudder head was twisted
off.
Steamship Acapulco Arrives.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Aca
pulco, Captain Russell, arrived late yesterday
afternoon lrom Panama and way ports. Al
thoueh she reached quarantine, after sundown
she was inside the heads before the end of the
official day and the quarantine olflcials waited
for her and after the. usual inspection allowed
her to proceed to her wharf. She brought
thirty-seven passengers and 950 tons of cargo,
including treasure valued at $58,277. She was
twenty-three days from Panama and six dayjs
fifty-five minutes from Mazatian.
Last of Chinese Line to Call.
Tne China Commercial Company's steamship
Clavering, which arrived yesterday from Hong
kong by way of Salinas Cruz, is the last of
the vessels of that line which will call at thia
port. Hereafter the China Commercial Com
pany's headquarters in the United States will
be at Portland. The Clavering took seventy
four Chmese to Salinas Cruz.
Four Sail From Same Wharf.
Four steamers of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Compar.y sailed yesterday for as many
coast ports and the Broadway wharvee were
crowded all morning with pas&engers, their
baggage and their friends. The Bonita nailed
for San Pedro, the Queen for Victoria, the Spo
kane tor Eureka and the State of California
for San Diego.
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
for reinsurance yesterday as follows: Theodor,
40 per cent; Robert Riokmers, 25 per cent; W.
F. Babcock, 15 per cent; General Mellinet, 15
per cent.
Pilot Boat Escapes Injury.
The pilot beat Lady Mine, anchored off
Meiggs wharf, was nearly run down yesterday
by the ship Falls of Clyde. To escape the
larger vessel the Lady Mine had to slip her
anchor, which, with fifteen fathoms of chain.
Is now lying at the bottom of the bay. The
prompt action of , those aboard the pilot boat
saved the Lady Mine from serious damage.
The anchor w 111 be recovered.
China's Sailing Postponed.
The palllnir of the Pacific Mail Com'pany'a
steamship China has been postponed .until; to-;
morrow at 1 o'clock. Among her passengers
STEAMSHIP DORIC, WHICH
ARRIVED FROM THE
ORIENT AHEAD OF TIME.
will be a number of war correspondents repre
senting Eastern and foreign Journals.
Water Front Xotes.
The Russian barkentlne Behrlng sailed yes
terday from Yokohama fcr this port. Al
though ehe flies the Slav flag, the Behrlng is
owned principally In this city and Is well
known here.
The Pacific Mall Company's big liner Siberia
left Yokohama Wednesday for this port. She
lias on board the crew that navigated the
cruiser Xlsshin from Genoa to Japan.
The Kosnios liner Memphis returned yester
day from the north to finish loading.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The ship Marion Chllcott was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu with 672.000 gallons of
crude oil in bulk, valued at $22,400.
Charters.
The British ship Cromartyshire (at Portland)
Is chartered for lumber thence to a direct port
in South Africa, between Cape Town and Del
nroa Bay. inclusive, at 51s 3d; schooner W.
H. Talbot (also at Portland), same business
thence to Shanshai or Kaichou at 37s Cd,
with ontlon of Manila at ?9 75.
The bark Edward May loads general cargo
here for Honolulu and Makawell.
Shipping Intelligence.
UlRIVED
Thursday. February 25.
Stmr W H Kruger, Bowdich, 34 hours from
Eureka, bound to San Pedro; put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 12 hours.
Ger stmr Memnh!!?, Relmer, 4 days from
Belllngham: put in to finish loading:.
Br Rtmr Doric, Smith, 27 days 6 hours and
4" minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 10
days 5 hours and 5f» minutes, via Honolulu 5
days 17 hours and 24 mlnutea.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johansen, 16 hours from
Fort Brags:.
Stmr South Coast." Olsen, 17 hours from
Caspar.
' Br stmr Claverinsr, Barton, 60 days from
Hongkong, via Kobe 50 days, via Sallna
Cruz iou> day*.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 41 hours from
San Dieito and way ports. •
Stmr Newsboy, Adler, 33 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Magcie, CorninK, 3 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Acanulco. Russell, 23 days from Pan
ama, via Mazatian 6 days.
Bark Annie Johnson, Xelson, 26 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Jennie AVand, Christiansen, 11 days
from Coos Bay.
Schr Balboa. Olsen, 19 days from Ballard.
Schr Allan A. Zenthnn, ti days from Eureka.
Schr Sausalito, Rasmussen. 15 days from
Grays Harbor, bound for San Pedro: put In
in distress.
CLEARED.
Thursday, February 25.
Stmr Oueen. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Spokane, Xopander, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamshlo Company.
Stmr Bonlta. Glelow. San Pedro: Pacific
Coast SteamshiD ComDany.
Stmr Xorth Fork, Nelson, Eureka: Chas
Nelson Company.
Ship Marion Chllcott, Williams, Honolulu;
J .D Soreckels & Bros Co.
Nor bark Rokeby Hall, Torjeson, Delagoa
Bay; Hind. Rolph & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. February 25.
Stmr MagKie, Corning. Halfmoon Bay. -
Stmr Bonlta. Gtelow. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diego.
Stmr W H Kruger, Bowdich. San Pedro'.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, . Victoria and Port
Townsend. .
Stmr Mnrshfield. Dettmera, Little River. .
Stmr Pomo, Ahlin, Albion.
Br shin Lady Wentworth, Murchie, New
castle, A us. .: ',.",, ; :.••■
Br hark Ladas. Scott. Melbourne.
Schr Sophie, Chrlstenson, Lunvaldt, Port
land, Ore.'
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 25, 10 Dm— Weather
clear; wind south; velocity. 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN. (
Jan 25— Lat f>2 south. Ion 86 west, ship Benj
F Packard, from Whatcom for Philadelphia.
Jan Lat 31 south. Ion 29 west,, Br ship
Leicester Castle, from - Tacoma for Queens
town. -
. Jan 24 — Lat 31 south. Ion 29 west, Br bark
Orion, hence Nov 1 for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Feb 23 — Stmr
Rainier, from Seattle; Ger bark Octavla, from
Seattle. • ' -
ASTORIA — Arrived Feb 25 — Stmr Chas Nel
son, fcr San Pedro. --■-.-
■ Arrived Feb 25 — Schr A F Coats, from San
Pedro, and not schr W F Garros, as previously
reported. .
' PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 24— Br
stmr Tottenham, from Mojl.
- Sailed Feb - 24— Stmr Whitesboro, for San
rrnnrlrrn
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 25-^-Stmr Homer,
hence Keb 23. |jgjteglljriM»g
BANDO.V. ORE: — Sailed Fsb 25 — Stmr Eliz
abeth, for San Francisco: achr Advance, for
San Francisco.
Arrived ?>b 25 — Schr Bella, from Coos Bay.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 25— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Frnnelseo.
REDON DO— Arrived Feb 25— Schr A M Bax
ter, from Port Hadlock.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Feb 24— Br ship
Crown of Denmark, for Sydney.
TATOOSH— Passeed out Keb 25— Stmr
Markinaw. from Tacoma for San Francisco.
Parsed out Feb 25 — Nor stmr Hero, from
Oyster Harbor for San Francisco.
SBATT1.F>— Sailed Fob 25 — Stmr Montara,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 25 — Jap «tmr Iyo Maxu, from
Yokohama.
Passed in Feb 25 — Schr Orient, hence Feb
16: bktn Amaranth, from Honolulu for Port
Townrend.
Passed out Feb 25— : Br ship Crown of Den
mark, from Port Blakeley for Sydney.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arr'ved Keb 24 — Schr
Fr:d E Sanders-, hence Feb 12; schr James H
Bruce, from San Pfdro.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 25— Scir J H
Bruce, from San Pedro.
KEAH BAY— Anchored Fob 25— Rchr Ori
ent, hence Feb 16; schr Meteor, from SaJi
Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Feb 25— Stmr
Robert Dollar and Coos Kay, for San Fran
cisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 24— Ital war stmr
Puglia, for Yokohama.
KAHITLUI— Sailed Feb 25 — Stmr Argyll, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON A— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr City of
Washington, from New York.
Sailed Feb 23— Stmr Yucatan, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Olympia,
for Hongkong. Frb 24— Ship S P Hitchcock,
for Honolulu. Jan .10 — Russ bktn Bering, for
San Francisco. ■
CORONKL— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Ha
waiian, from Hilo. and sailed Feb 25 for
Philadelphia.
Arrived Feb "'>— Stmr Alaskan, from New
York; to sail Feb 27 for San Diego.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 24— Stmr Alli
anca, from Colon; stmr Sicilian Prince, from
Genoa, and Naoles; stmr Princess Irene, from
Genoa and Naples; stmr Armenian, from Liv
erpool.
Sailed Feb 24 — Stmr Sejruranca. for. Colcn;
stmr La Touraine. for Havre; stmr Lahn. for
Hremen; ttmr Prince Oskar. for NaDles and
Genoa.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Menomi
nef, from New York; stmr Georgian, from
Beaton.
QUEEXSTOWX- Sailed Feb 25— Stmr West
ernland. from LtverDoool.
PHILADELPHIA— Stmr Oceanic, from Liv
erpool for New York.
BRISTOL — Arrived Fob 25— Stmr Turco
man, from Portland via Liverpool.
. GENOA — Arrived Keb 24 — Stmr Perugia,
from Now York, via Naples and Marseilles.
GLASGOW— Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Carthage
aian, for St. Johns. N. F.. and Philadelphia.
Arrived Feb 24 — Stmr Anchoria, from New
York.
MOVILLE — Arrived Feb 25 — Stmr Lauien
tlan. lrom St. John, N. B., and Halifax for
Liverpool.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 2o — Stmr Hohenzol-
Iern. from New York, and sailed for Genoa.
Sailed Feb 24— Stmr Aurania. for New York.
LIVERPOOL, — Arrived Feb U5— Stmr Celtic,
from New York, via Queenstown.
Sailed Feb 25 — Stmr Canadian, for Halifax,
N. S.. and Portland.
YOKOHAMA— Stmr Ping Suey, from Liver
pool, via Hongkong, Shanghai, etc., for Vic
toria and Tacoma.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Sequoia Grays Harbor IFeb. 2fi
Elizabeth.... Coqullle River I Fob. 2G
Czarina Coos Bay Feb. 2B
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 26
Oregon Portland & Astoria Feb. 2«
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 26
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Feb. 26
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 26
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 26
Lakme Humboldt Feb. 20
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb. 20
R. Dollar San Pedro....... Feb. 2«
Tltanla ... Nanaimo Feb. 27
Coronado Grays Harbor |Feb. 27
Chehalis Grays Harbor |Feb. 27
Mlneola Tacoma .. Feb. 27
II. Dollar.... Tacoma & Everett.... Feb. 27
Mackinaw .... Tacoma Fe 6. 28
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Feb. "8
Spokane Humboldt - Feb. 2S<
Santa Monica Gray« Harbor ..JFeb. 2S»
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts.|FeD. .»
Anubls Hamburg & Way PortsfFeb. 29
G. W. Elder..! Portland & Astoria IFeb. 2I>
Curacao | Mexican Ports Feb. 29
Iaqua Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 29
Rival........ "Willapa Harbor Feb. 2»
Centralia..... Grays Harbor..... Feb. 29
Hero Oyster Harbor Feb. 2!)
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Mar. 1
Del Norte Crescent City ....Mar. 1
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Mar. 1
Jeanie.. Seattle A Tacoma Mar. 2
Umatllla .. Puget Sound Ports Mar. 2
Rainier...... Seattle Jb Whatcom.... Mar. 2
Nortli Fork.. . Humboldt IMar. 2
Arcata Coo« Bay & Pt. Orford. (Mar. 2
S. Barbara... Heattlo &. Olympia |Mar. 2
Peru......... New York via Panama. IMar. 2
Point Arena.'. Mfndocino & Pt. Arena|Mar. ::
Santa Rosa.. . San Diego & Way Pts. IMar. o
Queen :.- Puget Vound Ports |Mar. 0
TO SAIL,. f
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
February 26.
Lakme..... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amPer 20
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
San Pedro.. Humboldt . 10 amIPler 2
Arcata..... Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 amlPicr 13
February 37. ". ; ■ j
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pmiPier 2
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 amIPler 24
City Panam N.Yvla Panama. 12 mlPier 40
Memphis... Hamburg & Way. 12 tniPier li>
Arctic Humboldt ......... 9 amIPler 2
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler 20
G. Llndauer Astoria & Portland 5 pmjPicr S
China...... China & Japan.... 1 pm; Pier .40
Alliance..;. Eureka & Coos B. 3 pm Pier l»i
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Claverlng.. Hkong v. Portland Pier 27
February 28.
Eureka..... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier .9
S:Rosa. ... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Empire.... Coos Bay direct.. 10 amlPier 13
- ' February 29. I |
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.) 9 amjPler 11
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Forts. 1 10 ami Pier 2
BATLWAY TRAVEL. *
CALIFORNIA 1
LIMITED TO CHICAGO §
DAILY |
at OtfSO ft- m, through in ;j days, I
with diner and all trapping!. n
Other Santa 7* Trains!
7:30 a. m. ] for s tocKt oo. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
8-00 p" m'[ Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
' 4:00 d. m. for Stockton.
1 8:00 p. rr. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago. >
TICKET OFFICES — C41 Market St., and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. Z7 South First St.,
San Joss.
(88§£3i&&tmi3iO TOSANRAFAFF
jy^^^pj ROSS VALLEY,
IK^S^ CAZADERO, Etc.
Ifc^^^S^^Ss' Via Sausalito Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Ueoart from San Francisco Daily . :OO. 8 :0O.
9:00,'lO:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. J:15. 4:1.>.
6-15 615, 7:00. X:4".. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FKOM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily. 5:25. «:35. 7:40. 8:3.\ 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45, 6:45,
8: FIiOM"'&HLL 1 ' VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISl-Q- Daily. 5:45. 6:56, 7:52. 8:5.1. 9:5\
11:20 aTm.. 12:S5, 2:00. 3:15, 4:05, 5:06, 8:05.
7:05. 9:00. 1O:55 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:0<> a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted) —
Tomales ami way stations.
a: 15 V. w. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
Etnttons.
.Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Ti» Sjasaiito farrj Arrive "
San Prandico fti rf lUrktt H San Frandac%
Week Sun- am Sta>- Week
Days, days .^ftyRPSSV <^y< Days.
•H:63i*a:OOA fe^^^^« 13:05rfoTt5l
•t:45p 0:00a JP$£S§SiSS& 1:2Sf 3:6o p
S:lCr IO:OOa S:SOr 5:5Op
11:00a 4:(tr 9:Ui
■■,■■■■■■ 1:45p yfiBjr 6:6©r , ..
■ft— Mt aitt ittgt ir * Mpmni'rUkv%u+
TICUT ( 635 M arkkt ST.,(Nortb Shore Railroad)
WfUSS I and Sausauto Fxut Foot Market St.
ANNUAL INSPECTION OF
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO
Cavalry and Field Artillery Will Pass j
in Full Review Before Major i
Wisser To-Day.
The annual full review and inspection j
of the cavalry and light artillery sta- j
tioned at the Presidio will take place !
at !> o'clock this morning on the golf ;
links.
Major John P. Wisser will review ■
the troops. Major John Bigelow Jr. ;
will be in command of the joint forces.
First on the programme will be the
full dress review, then will follow in
spection and general , maneuvering,
winding up with pitching Sibley tents
according to the rules of actual cam
paign service.
The GOO marines that are to go on
board the transport Buford will go j
from this. port as soon as the vessel re- j
turns from Portland, where she is now :
loading lumber.. For what point the;
Buford is intended has not as yet been ;
made public. ,j
Captain W". H. Adams of the Royal j
Irish Lancers paid his formal farewell j
call upon General MacArthur yester- j
day. Captain Adams will sail to-mor- j
row on the China for Japan, sent there ;
by th<? English Government to acquaint ]
himself with the Japanese language-
Captain Thomas C. Wood bury will j
leave this morning at 10 o'clock to j
join his new regiment, the Third In- !
fantry. at Fort Thomas, Ky.
The transport Thomas, now on the !
way from Manila, is bringing 413 Phil- j
ippine scouts under command of ]
Colonel Frank do I,. Carrington, en j
route to the St. Louis Exposition.
The Twelfth Infantry was due to ar- ;
rive late last night from the East, and
early this morning it is expected to j
go into camp at the Presidio.
Sues Husband -for Support.
Alice Roberts, wife of Edward Rob
erts, to whom she was married just a
year ago, filed a suit for maintenance
ajjainst him yesterday. She says he
abandoned her just four months after
their marriage and that since that
time he has not provided for her.
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 110 am I Pier 10
March 1. I >
CityPuebla Puget SounO Ports.lll amlPier 9
March 2. :| '■' I
Spokane Humboldt |l:30pjPler a
S.Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. I 4 pmiPier 2
March 3. I I
Sierra Sydney & Way 1 2 pmiPier 7
G. W. Elder Astoria & Fortlandlll amlPier 24
Porao Pt. Arena & Alblonl 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier It
Coronado.-. Grays Iiarbor 4 pm Pier 10
March 4. • [ I
Bonlta..... Newport & Way.. I 9 anrPier 11
March S. I I
Doric China & Japan ! 1 pmlPler 40
Acapulco... N Y. via Panama. 112 ml Pier 40
North Fork. Humboldt ! 5 pmiPier 20
Rainier.... Seattle ft-\Vhatcomi 4 pmlPler 10
March 6.-_ I [
Umatllla... Pugrt Sound Ports.lll am|P|er »
jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 110 am|Pier 2
„ ~ OM SEATTL £
Steamer. For. Sails.
Cottage City- Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 28
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. IFeb. 2S
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb. 28
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. IMar. 1
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. IMar. 4
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports. .(Mar. 10
Sun, Moon ""ami Title.
United States Coast ami Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hiKh and low waters occur at
rhe city front (Mission -street wharf.) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 26.
Sun rises i 6:46
Son eets ...." 6:00
Moon sets *J :4S a. m.
O Time |Tlme Time Time *
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W |L W H W ti W
L~~W H W L. XV H~W '
20 0:^6 2.S «:« H.5 1:50 0.0 XKJ 4 2
•SI 1:43 2.S 7:47 5.7 2:43— O2 9:47 45
2S 2:40 2«i 8:4* 5.8 a:.*52 — 0.4 l©--»7 49
20 :{;36 2.1 »:47| 6.0 4:18 —O.SU:10 »'•'
114:26 1.8 10:42 5.9 5:t;2 -0.3111:48 51
2 1 5:16 1.4 11:55} .5.8 5:lo 0.0|... ;?[.....
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day in the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of »h»
day. except when there arc but thre,e tides »«
kometlmea occurs. The heights given are in
addition tofthe soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( >
sizn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane or reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Tbne Ball.
Branch* Hydrographlc Offlce, V. S. >.'.. Mer
chants' Exchange San Francisco. Cal..
February, :», 1901. --.
The Time Ball on the tower of tha Ferry
buildlrg was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
j. e... at noon of the 120th meridian or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C> BURNETT.
» Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
' BAI1WAT TBAVEL*
I I soiMtr 1^1 Trains leare and art
(wH^pfHfl da.to tt rrW.t
W^^^^TV/ SAN PKAXCISCO.
\«S^ = tl' S (Main Line. Ferry Depot.
>^jU 1^>^ Foot of Market Street j
1 *lB4»t -~fmOll r«KP*»T 17. 1VC4. - ABBITI
, 7.00a V»caTlUe. Winmr*. Uiun«ey.. J.&Or
■ 7.0J* Benlcla. Balsun. Elmlra and Sacra-
[ meniu • t-Zvr
7^0* Valtejo. K»p«. Cmll»to««, Santa
Ko»a. Martinez, S»a luraon S.ZUP
7J0a Klie-. LlTernwre. Tracjr, Latlirop.
8»ck:on 7. ••" f-20r
; BXCa ehMta Exprew— (Via Darl»).
I 'Vvmtami (for Bartlett Spr!ng»>.
t Willow*. tFrnto. Ked BluS.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.50*
800* D»»l».V,ooU:»rid. KnUUuLaaaiLjt.
MaryiTlUe. OroTllia 7-50>
8-30* Fort Cotta. Martinez. Antlocb.
Byroa. Trmcr. Sloclctoa. New-
man. Lo* U*no«. Mendota,
Armona. Hanfor.l. VI •alia,
PorterTllle 4.20*
830 a Fort Cotta. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Mc-deito, Merced. Fre*no.
Oosben Junction. Uanford, -""
i Vlsall*, Bafeerifleld 4.50*
8.30* Nlles, San Jo»e, I.lTermore, Stock-
ton. (+Mllton). lone. Ssicramento,
Ptacervllle. MarysvMe. CU!co,
Bed BlnS 420?
830* Oak<lale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o-
nora, Tnolumne and Angel* 4.20*
9 00* Atlantic Express— Ogden and Ea»t. 11.20*
8.30a Richmond, Martlnea and Way
Stations 6 80*
10 03* The OTerland Limited — Ugden.
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago. 8 20*
1000* Vallejo- ••••■ 12 20*
10 00* J-oa Ansreles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, Uanford. Lemoore, Vlialia.
Bakersdeld. Lo* Ange'.en 7 20*
1200» Hayward. Nile* and Way 9wtlon*. 320*
t*. 00* Sacramento Rl-rer Steamer* Til. 00*
3.30* Benicla. Winters. Sacramento-.
Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MarysTllle, Oroyllle and way
stations 1 9§2 4
3.30* Hayward. Kile* and Way Station*.. 7.50*
S.30* Port Costa, Mirtlnez. Byron, .
Tracy. Latnrop, Modesto,
Mercsd, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12.20*
330* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10 20*
4.CQ* Martlnez.SanlUmon.ValleJo.Napa,
Callstoga. Santa Rosa 9 20*.
4 00* Nile*. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4 20*
4 30* Hayward. Nile*. lrTlnston, San t ?8.50a
Jose. Ltvermore I 11 1.50*.
600* The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
K*non. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare.
Bakersfield. Los Angelea.
Goiden State Llmlied Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Chi-
cago, ria C. R. I. *P 8.50a
i $.00r Port Costa. Trncy. Stoektoa 12.20*
?5.30* Hayward, Nlles and Ran Jose 7 20*
600r Hayward. Nile* and San Jose 9.bQ*
6^)0* Eastern Express— Ogdnn. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Lonts. Chicago and
1 East. Port Costa, Benicla, Sul-
sun. KlBiira, Darls. Sacramento,
Rocklta. Auburn. Colfaz.
Trackee, Boca, Reno. Wmi#-
worth, AVInnemncca 5.20*
8.00* Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... » 7 Kn ,
700* Vallejo, Sunday oaly f /ou *
7.00* Richmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Station* 11-20*.
CX5* Oregon & California Express— Sae-
ramente. MarysTille. Redding.
Portland, Puget Sonnd and Case. 850k
9.1 Or Bay ward, Nlles and San Jose (Sutt-
' dayonly) : ; 11 50 v
COAST LINE (S«rr<.ir flange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.16* Newark, Ceoterrtlle. San Joso,
Felton, B. miner Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55*
t2.16* Newark. Centerrllle, San Jose,
New Alicaden.Los Ostos.Fe'.ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Station* t10 55*
4.1Br Newark. SanJose, LosQato* and j t3.55 i
way station* (11055*
• 930* Hunter* Trnfn. Saturday only, San
Joae and Way Stations. Retnrn-
lno: from Los Gatos Sunday only. t7 2S*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, loot of M»rket St. (SlfpO
-tt:15 »:U0 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 515 p.*
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t»:00 t3:00
t8:05 10:U)a.». 1200 200 4.00 r.M.
COAST LINETTBroad tiauge).
i pr (Third »nd fownsend Streets.)
6-10a San Jose and Way Stations 8-30*
7 00* San Jose and Way Station* 5.3S*
8X0* New Almarten (Tue*., Frld.. only). 4.10*
SCO* TbeCnaster — 8top* only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Hol!l»«
ter). Pajaro. CastroTtlle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific GroTe). Salinas, 8aa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lois Oblspo, principal
stations thence S'irr (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
thence Santa Oartiara.Snn Buena-
. Tentura, Saagus. Los Angele*... 10-45*
8.00a 8a 'i Joae. Tres Pino*. Capttola. .
bantaCruz.PacIOc GroTe.SaUlnfta,
San Lnl* Obtspo and Principal
Way Stations 4-10>
: 10.30* San Jo*e and Way Station* 1.20*
; 11 30* Santa Clara, San Jose. Lo* Gatos _
and Way Stations 730*
1-35* San Jo«e and Way Stations 8 3S*
Sifr Del Monte Kxpresa — Santa Clara.
San Juse. Del Monte, Monterey.
, Pacific Grore (connects at Santa.
Clara for ?anta Cruz, Bou'der
Creek and Narrow Gauge Point*)
at Gllroy for Holllster, Tres
Pino*, at Castrr>Tll!e forSallna*. 1215*
3-30? Tres Pino* Way Passenger 10 45*
4.30p Ban Jose and Way Stations t8 00».
1 tSOO'' H»u Jose, (tIa Santa Clara) Lo*
t.ato*. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9004
i ;&30r SanJoseandPrtnclpalWayStatlons i9.40*
6.L0* Sunset Limited.— Redwood. San
Jose, Gil roy.Sallnas, Paso Robtes,
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Bnrhnra,
Lo* Angeies, Demlng. £1 Paso.
New Orleans, New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cruz
and at Castrovtn* for Pactflo
Grove and Way Stations 7-10»
f6<16r EanMateo.Beresford.Belmonc.San
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tfl.4«k
6 30* S»n Jose and Way Station* 636a
8 00p Palo Alto and Way Statlona 10.15a
1 1 .&0r South baa Francisco. M Ulbrae. Bar-
lingame, San Mateo, Belmont^
. ' San Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 945*
«11.30r llayfleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose t9.45*
A for Mornlns. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
} Stop* at all stations on Snnday.
fir" Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sonthboonl
are«:10*.*.,7:Oa».M., 11:80 a.m., S:30FJL,<:S0rjL and
t;0Orjt
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANj rrjRTH PAGIFli
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibuxon Perry. JPoct of Market Street.
SAN FSANCISCO TO SAK BArAXL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3tf, »:<K>. ll:wa. m. : U.':J.».
3:30.- 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra tri;>
at llJu d. ni.
Saturday!* — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:t>0. y::JO, 11:CO a. m.; 1:30,
; Z:'M. 0:uo B:2O. ll:oO p. m.
SAN SAFAEL TO SAN 7SAKCISCO.
I WEEK lJAlfc — 6 :•!.".. 1 :J5. 7:5o. »:2O. 11:13
a, in.; 12:5O. :5:4O, &:t.O, 5:UU p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:10.
3:4C, 4:53, 3:05, 6:25 p. m ;
Leave I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1933. [San Francl3co.
Week | Sun- j Destina- I Sun- | Week.
Days. | days, j tion. | days. 1 Da>».
7:30a 8:»>Oa 9:10a| 8:4*a
»:30a Isnacio. 10:40 a[10:2i> a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 8:20 p
5:10 Pl 5:UOp | 7:35 p |
7:3OaI | | 9:10 a| 8:40*
8:0O a| Xovato. |1O:4O a|lo:2i> *
3:30 p 9:.°,Oaj Petaluma I 6:03 pl 6:20 i>
5:lop :*.::;<• p| anr) [7:33pl
| .". :<h> p| Santa, Rosa. | I
7:30a[ I ; ;: |10:4O a'10:2o a
| 8:00a Fulton. 7:05p 6:2Op
3:30 p| 3:30 pi | I
Windsor, |
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a|10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30p 3:3Op Geyserville. 7:35 p; 6:2rt p
J iMovordale, ;
i 7:3Oa 8:0Oa Hoplan<J 10:40 a;19:2» a
| 3:3op] 3:3(»p and Uklah. | 7:35 pi •"• :■-'•• ,■
j ~775«rai S:00~al Will Us. | 7:35 p| 6:2f> p
! *7"i5ira!"8:0OaJ '10:4(>aI10:2i> a
3:30 pi 3:30 P| Guernevllle. j 7::ap| 6:20 p
I 7:.'{Oal «:<X>a Fonotna. I 9:10 aj 8:4O*
5:ll»p| 5:00 p Glen Kllen. | 6:05 p| 6:2l> p
~7 iSOa'p* iuflTaT fU)T40~a|io:2w a
! 3:-Jl» V\ :t:3l>pj S»ba3topol. | 7:35 pj «:2Q p
! STAGES connect at Green Brae for £an
■ Quentin; at Santa Kcsa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla anil Mark Wtst
Sprinirs; at L.ytton for Lytton bprings; at Gey-
serville for Skasjfs Springs; at Cloverdale for
I the (i»y5>r.-. Booneville and Greenwootl; at
! Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
! Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakr-
I pert and Uartlctt Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Sprinsrs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laure-l
I Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
f Potter Valley, John Day's. .Riverside. Lierly's,
I Bucknells, fianhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Sprinsa, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
ville, Cummlcgs, Bell's Springs, Harris, oi-
sin'f. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rrund-trip tickets to all points
beyorvl San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronlcla
building.
H. C. WHITTNG. K. X. HTAN,
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pua ACLCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
IV all-street Stocks higher oil the day. Cotton lower]
±>:k'cr lower and Sterling Exchange higher.
A of vmch life on the local stock exchanges.
Wheat and Barley Futures higher. Cash grain unchanged.
Corn held with firmness. Oats and Rye offering moderately.
ff.sy easier, with stocks accumulating somewhat.
Brav. Middlings and other Feedstufis steady.
Beans firm and in demand for the Middle West.
Potatoes cleaning up well. Onions firm and unchanged.
'Mushrooms and Southern Vegetables in good supply.
Poultry meets with ready sale. Game still tainted.
Sunny weather improves the demand {or Oranges.
. Dried Fruits quiet here and in the East. '
Cottoleve adt'anccd h\c. Hams, Bacon and Lard firm.
Hops quiet, but rather steadier in Xczc York.
All descriptions of fresh Meats in ample supply.
Tone of the Bourses.
' Tf "*' r * m "»* les* demoralUation on the ex
chsng-* ar,d bourwj of thir counJry and Ku
roi* y«reterday. a» o-mlition* shewed some
r>.5ingf » n< j were E-jr], ag to j nB pi r< . more
crntidttste. There vtre no ftinher foreign
fibres re V crt!d. the wcrkty stsfment of
vi. Rank of Enp'and »•??• strong and the Lon
oon M-uleraent went through without financial
*>ml amassment. This 1n?r>i:rTr<i a better feel
ing in N>» York. «Vi» tber* was Ufs Fell
ing r!"»ssur» an<l ;omi" covering by shrrts and
the ii«t was higher on the day. Gotten <r»«
low«r. Wh«at and Trov'.ficns frttt higher at
Chnago.
MONEY; AXD STOCKS.
Possible Contingencies Render
Both Uncertain at Present.
Rent? Clews hji in h!s Nem Vfrk circular:
The sto^k market acts as if confused by
t>. taohipUcUy of influences. Chirf rt th^se.
of ■ our», is the wjr an^i ftp {K>tentialitieg.
If i u .* strugele Is confined to Japan Bnd Ruf
r:». +f it ;>rt>bab!} will Ne. itf «rn*»>.-t ujM,n the
Worjd'a f.nancicl markets will not h e i-rrlous.
It tho&o who control the rutt" f^rlngis in
r.uror*- are much more »i«>n--i::ve about the
*ffe<-t of the war than financial lea'lT? in the
Tnited Pltaes. Ther^ are thope who are np
rr'-^*^«ive of the effect of defeat ui*>n the
Ic-jfsiat; empire, whicli ii< »»-ak financially.
inriUFtrielly and i>)liiio»;iy. .\<id«<l t>> thi«
U>enf«trtty there ip ;ij«> fear <>f an uprising
this sfring in the Ealkans. the outcome "f
Kfalcb* is entirely b^ond calculation: eo that
Tf-.e foreign riTuatton U> far from bein? ay
j=-_:nng.
"Tbase oontlasineles. however, can only af-
Thif mnry.r: in«ilre»-t!> through the foreign
boortfea. The local markr-t for the t!m» f^ing
is chiefly undT the control of home condition*.
*Thr-*+ it must be admitted, are. not *-nttr»!'
eo'lFfartory. Ttie «r>pitront friction between
the Ooul(< and Pennsylvania interr»ts: th
h»«yy new <*pital commttmentg . of the Mg
railri-Hid Bjrctcnu «n<l thr certainty <A more to
f<-]low^ the enmrnencempnt of --titting on gra'.n
rste«^ the report* of <lecrfaf«-<l earnings on
•"«!'■ rosd»: tJie di^turtilr.g consequent < s of
t^- coliar*'- in cotton: th* <*ff»-r: of the Panama
mnal rayraent ui»on the mon>-y maiket and
th* _ un<'-ert«!n:y conrerning th«. approschlng
N<irthrrn Securities <le?Uion have ccntrlhutea
t.-v c-n<-ourae= -profit rikicg and to diecourace
rurrhasej! on the l<ing p'de. Were it not for
rhe oenflden* undertone reflected in a joo<1
arrr.rr.4 for h"Ti«1i« and PipiwtiM by th» fvl
irtitf ef «-o-rrle?e :iqij:<l«ti'7n th^i* wnttld
u-!<i«utjtc<J!> "be ttiore »jrgrt*ifv<-ni*e^ 4V?>oY.g
th* Ix^arr vho evidently fear in^rrrtrg any
ty;<r.4M riFks -n the *'iort hide. Professionals
\-u:f- >old the market to only s limited extent;
for :hr resistant ilwwa to unfavoiablo ron4l
tloca if surprising and exceedingly <: »fs
to-y. At pi I gem 'he raarVrt is in a waltitig
ettir\i(3e. and greater activity ui not l.kely
to develop until some of the above uncertain
ti^F ar^ cle«r«>fl away.
THE MONET MARKET.
"TT.e money market, however, ehctrs little
uneaoiners over Uiv situation, both t!m^ «nd
ra!l Bioney betas ptesflfel. Bwea the Paninia
I -:r»: p»ymfr.»5 do not difturb tar.kere here.
•rim re<-ognize that preparations are made in
fc<Jvano«» and that actual transfers .will fall
rruch *=hort of th* tots! payment. A* for ra'.i
i fed f. iTnir.f:* d.-T^fls** must be exj*»cto<J 1n
V%em of the sFv^re wrather. which both re
tsrOs traffic ini ihtmws expens*-*.
"Pre»er.t fjjrruatior.* are dependent almnrt
entirely upon ronm tra«l<r»" operation*. The
pabllc ere not in th<- marliet t<i any great
rr.UT.i. and !;<r<-;n lies the latter's pfteeljMi
n.Uty. Ktock*. generally speak i:v. are in
nr.;.j KannV and while big baskfrp show a
aifptsition to iiupr-ort the marlut. iircbably to
ft,rll;;ai*- the m*rketiri£ of new issues, therf
iF- no dtrposltioii whatever amor.g the reel
l»-a<Jeri« «r> enroarap.- hi.x-uiation. On the con
••fcr:-. thjet* in an t-v'.dtnt to
pretxst a recurrence of the wild plunging
r>i*raticKE vrfcich charectetized 1WJ2 and l!>03.
Ttu- i»ilcy of our >«<iir.g bankers just no*
ippeara to be thot of acting e* a steadying
|,.»(f at >a.«t until the financial and indos
tr »'. Jpteresu? of the country have had a
r+.unt* t«, recur* i ate from the rever»«it of lai-i
yi-mr. It i-« jxiMt surh treatment as this that
Hi* nn*acii' nitirkets r*<juire."
'Salmon Exports in January.
The following thews the export* of fculmon
fr»rn Ban FnndMca by sea. (Juring the month
of Jar.\i2ry:
1r, — <~ai^*. ."r.k..- Value?.
V«* Z.Hiand 1.1*3 !*■'> «r..:iN\
.« -• ::a .!«<• -ZZ< 1.TW ,
rahlU- 419 BS I.fe27
tUvmllia UiMBOM 1M til :>.iil
iaaaan U1mx>&9 «2i " i.*<t4
Ea»t*64 *.iiS2 ... 3'j.Slo
Germany -"1 ... l.we
!>»« .: J«3 i '•'»'
I.pan « » 5.11
Kut IMUea B8J ... 2.841
Korea » ••-
Mexico •*» -•• —' : .
Astral America 2<>i ... si.ir» :
Piuama -I Jo r»4
» •-• Jg
- h ;i c l.l» ... 1W1
Marshall Iflar.ds 1'"' 5 4fl3 i
Trir.icad Island J» •-• «"» '
Jp.mtir/r t» ... , 4<3
Hotxth Africa . . 2 ... «
iT**«<-huiM?tts *■" • • • ■•!«„
NVw York -±1.*** I1L <7.SS3
Tota l ; ;«.1CS 1<j33 $106,781
The quarit'tie* si»eclnfcd as packages repr*
««t rickied salmon in barrels, half barreln.
etc In January. 1»<M. the export, were 27.419
-<e« and 1>74 packages. vaiu«-il at fMS.COJ. In
i.i,' month 10.^03 ca»e« and 4H» rackages. vai
r d «t J43.477. v.ent to Australia.
Weather Report.
<I20th Meridian— raclflc Time.)
SAV FRANCISCO. Feb. 25—5 p. m. #
The following are the neafonal rainfalls to
a-e »* cempared with those <.f same date
art 'trkton, and rainfallf in last twenty-four
Lart Thin L«*t
BtiitiOM- 21 hour,, season. w.«on
•jirfka 0.<«» .{«.46 41. hi
:L^nto : : : : : : : : : : *<* >« ;j ■«
££z**?» S:S J 2^ *i:«
«.=o ••« »-»
.' Arrr i r! . Tr 2.50 h.K»
aVjJ&o 001 »•'« P- 05
THE <:OAST RECOItD.
" a k tt n « 5
g *£ i= Z* 9» -
■ » ji | 3 p. 3 f 2
: • ? : : :
«£, g:S 4 d I , F w S y S
SSS '**"■» 74 ft« 42 S Cloudy .0«
T^S II 1°. S S gSS, «
?ivSS?p7«V.29 »7 44 :r. P Foggy .«»
rtiknd"i;»«4 <« a* E Rain .18
iSs: IS 1 s Ew s y $.
Seattle 29.«<J 4<J "0 SE Rain .14
Spokane 29.82 42 32 E Cloudy .02
Tat.vwh 'JU. 4« 4(i 40 E Rain .12
Walla (r«IU.^1.7d » 32 SW F't.Cldy .00
Winnemueca .•_•;». 7h 54 :t« SW Clear .00
I Yuma 2U.82 8K 52 t-W Clear .00
I Point Reyen...2r».Ki 54 45 SE Cloudy .00
i WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
I northern half of the Pacific Coast and condl
i tions «re favorable for the approach of »n
i other storm.
Southeast storm warnings . are displayed
I along the tnuft f r r>rn Port Harford northward,
snd advisory meFFagrs have been sent to
southern r pi '.nts.
The [QUoVtns maximum wind velocities are
repeated' Tn'oosh, 4S milep, from the east;
North Hea<1. f,i\ miles, from the southeast: T5u
i reks. Xi miles, from the southeast; Carson
City, .'>« miles, from the southwest.
Th? ffllfaing river reading? are reported:
Marysville. I9.j». falling; Red Bluff, 21.0. fall
ins; T^hania, 1C.5, failing; Sacramento, 27.5.
rising.
The rre6t of the present high water will
rT'*l>ahly pass Kucratnrnto Friday. Ample
warnings have been sent to river points.
Forecast mad» at San Francisco for thirty
] hourp ending midnight. February 26:
Northern California — Rain Friday; brisk to
; higli SMUth«8Ft winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; prob
j *My showers: brisk westerly winds.
Nevada— Rain Friday; cooler; high south
i wen Ainds.
San Fran<-isco and vicinity — Rain Friday;
I brlt-k to high pouthest wfndg.
A. a. McADIE. fiistrlct Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25. — Close— Money on
j call was steady. Hiehest. 2 per cent; low
i en. 1* 4 per rent; ruling rate, IV, per cent;
' last bid and offer, 1% i*r cent; last loan, l»i
i 5<.r cmt.
Timo loans were firm with sixty-day and
! ninety-day loans at .'I'ff.T^ per cent, and six
month* at 4<S4V« p»r cent.
Prime mercantile paper. *\'«.*i. 4 per cent.
exchange is Meady with benkers'
, billf at $4.fc0.'..Vf i 4>Wo for actual business for
; flemam] and at $4 836CJ 4.8305 for sixtv-day
bills.
Ported rates. 44 84@4 MH and $» 87S» 87'4.
fommercral Mils. *4 8.1 L ,<3* •iiVi-
Silver bar«. K%oi ii. >i<»n dollars. *S^f.
ISonds. Governme.r.te. firm; railroads, firm.
New York Stock Market
NEW YORK. Feb. 25. — The tentative effort
j to turn prices upward, which was in evidence
the day before In the etook market, met with
better sucreb* to-day. The more favorable
c.in<iiti<-ns came from abroad apaln. Just as
the adverse factors from that direction have
0>ne at the previous efforts to advance prices.
The improvement was of a negative character,
largely corseting In an amelioration of the de
pression abroad. The numerous failures which
occurred yesfrday among banking houses at
various points on the Continent served to clear
i h<> atmosphere and to create the Impression
that the ««;ik spots were now uncovered and
the mystery and f-uspense relieved. This was
evidently the vj«w taken in the foreign mar
kets themselves. The extreme deprersion in
Ruffian Kcuritie«. which had been the cause
<>f financial troubles In France and Germany,
have »,e fn aggravated by the Japanese naval
KJccestes. and the latest affair at Port Ar
thur, which was something of an antidote to
thio. helped the bourses, which ure largely
committed to llu.-«:»in securities. The begin
ning of the fortnightly settlement in London
to-day failed to uncover any weak spots, and
this again disproved some of the fears which
!mve conduced to the recent weakness there.
Thfc-buyms of to-<lay was attributed largely u>
the sliott account. This assumption was batM
in part voon the fact that the turn in prices
came wltnout any change In the character of
I'M news or in'rxiating conditions. But un
changed condition*, eren when they are unfa
vorable, do not warrant an indefinite decline
in prices.
The professional traders have been watching
the market keenly for several days past for
signs that the now considerable decline had
reached proportions to satisfy the conditions
which ftarted it. or r.-hether. In their own
phraae, tht- market was oversold. Assertions
■ry made that there was some alight buying
from commission houses, attracted by the'low
level of rJl'ces. TSat it was not large is suffi- .
ciently attested in the volume of the market.
The further rise in wheat and the fall in cot.
ton were consistent in rebponse to the war in
Eastern Asia. T!,e early strength In etcrllng
exchange was an indfx of eome further pres
sure on the foroian money markets, but ex- ,
change easc-d^ off during the day on the real
ization that there may be considerable delay |
in tiie Panam* canal payments, owing to the i
•locations ral&<Hl In the French courts. There
was l*hs money offering here to loan on time
and tht denan-l for longer periods showed aii
BPprrcUbM Increase. The average of the day's
rains for the most active stocks was above a
point. St. Paul. Amalgamated Copper and
Jirooklyn Transit were the leaders of the mar- '
ket. an-1 I'nitcl States Hteel preferred did not ■
share rully in the strength. The closing was !
strong, but vi-ry dull. Bonds were firm, but I
lightly dealt in. Total sales, par value. $1.
:u5.'HK). L'nited jFtates 3s registered declined
'.* If r cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 13,200 «5«i 64H 65&i
Atehlson pfd 800 KS% 8SV4 88%
Halt & Ohio JS.000 7Sy t 74«4 75V4
Bait & Ohio pfU SH
Canadian 1'aclflc... 6,3011 1)4 113 11.1%
Ont of New Jer»»y 1<M> IBS 155 153
Chesapeake A Ohio 2W» SO^ 2»V» 29H
Chicago & Alton... 700 35". 35 35»i
Chi * Alton pfd 81V
Chi A Gt Western. 1,500 14% 14 14%
Chi & Northwest.. 10U 1«3 I6TJ 1«!2
Chi Mil & St Paul. S2.5O0 139'i 137*6 129U
Chi Mil & St P pfd I 173
Chi Term & Trans. J00 8*« S'-i ff%
Chi T & T pfd .' . J3»|
COCiStL... .... 72'
Colo Southern 500 15«4 14% 15«
Colo So 1st pfd 100 «2li S2>4 62>£
Colo Po 2nd pfd 200 *_»2«^ 22 22 U>
Del fc Hudson :UJO ' 157 1564 J6B«4
Del Lack A- West.. J0O 2«i4 264 251
Denver & R G 100 1K>4 18U 18
Denver & R G pfd. MH 6.1 C4<4 «i5
Krle 10.400 23V; ?2% 23»i
F.rie 1st j>.d 2,100 «Ct4 «!l T -i «2»4
Krte Snd pfd 2,100 39% 38U 39
Hocking Valley 71
Hocking Val pfd .... 80
Illinois Central... <Vi0 12»Ui 126^ 126U
Iowa Central pfd.. 500 1SV4 17V4 18«4
Kansas City So " .'. ie«J.
K C tio pfd 31 v.
I»ulin'ille * Nash. 2.B0<» 102M; 10l'% 1C2
Manhattan L «0O 141»4 141 141%
Met Securities 200 841, S**A 84 Vi
Met £t Ry U00 115' 114>:. 114%
Uinn * Bt L 58
Minn SP18SM. COO W«4 M% MH
M 6 P II 8 8 M pfd 100 117 117 117
Missouri Paclnc... 7,100 &*% 87% 88%
Mo Kan it Tex »0<» I6uj H»4 J6%
Mo K & Tex pfd . . 300 3« S5 ■ 33
Nat R R of JJex pfd 200 35 34% X*
New Tork Central. 3.700 114% 114 114
Norfolk & We«tern 2..10O 5«S14 Ki«4 SO
Nor & Wen pfd... 200 8S»i 8S»4 RS
Northern fecurltien 89 V4
Ontario & Western. 2.200 20«i 19% 20V(i
Pennsylvania M.700 113V& 112«» 113%
p c c & st L — — «>
Reading -'. 8.400 4O«4 • M\t, *0%
Reading let pfd 75%
JUadlr.e 2nd pfd... 200 tt» 55V4 55U
Rock Island Co 3,600 20% 20 20%
Rork Island Co pfd 2CO - 60S<i 53',i 60%
fit L * S V 2nd pfd ....' ..^ .... 4ff
fit Lools S W 200 13*7 13^ 13^
6t L B W pfd 300 30 30 30
Southern Pacific. .. 23/2TW 4HI 48 44
-•outhern Railway.. 2,100 1ST, .18% 18%
tt> By pfd 100 . 78 V* 76 Vi 78>i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2G, 1904.
Texas A Pacific... 1.300 , 22% 22 22%
Toledo. St L A W. 200 24^ 23 24
T St L & W pfd... 600 33% 32% - 32%
Union Pacific 23,400 74% Ti% 74
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 87 86 H 87
Wabaah 300 17'* 17 y, 17%
Wabash pfd 1,800 34% 33*4 33*4
Wheeling 4 L E 14%
Wisconsin Central. 400 17*; 17% 17\
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 800 40% 40 40
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 185
United States 100
Wells-Fargo .' 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 41,600 47% 45% 471&
Am Car & Found .. 1,000 11)% IS 18?i
Am Car & F pfd.. 300 69 C9 CS
Am Cotton Oil 29
Am Cotton Oil pfd. ...... .... .... 88
American Ice 100 -8% 8% &
American Ice pfd.. 1,400 32 31% 31 li
Am Linseed Oil 8*b
Am Linseed Oil pfd ,j. 28
A infer Locomotive. . 3,500 22*4 21% 22%
Amer Loco pfd 100 79 70 70
Am Smelt & Ref.. CK) 47 4<5 4«%
Am S & Ref pti.. 100 SH V t SH'.i 8a V ?
Amer 8ugar,Ref. .. 400 '124% 122% 124%
Anaconda Min Co .". t53
Brklyn Rap Trans. 19,100 39% 3S% 3»%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. JO«J 31 31 31
I Consolidated Gas.. 4.300 100 1K7% 100
Corn Product* 100 17*4 17% • 18
Corn Products pfd . «9
Distillers' Sees " 22%
i Central Electric... l.HK) ltiO 158 ICO
j International Paper COO 12 11U , 11%
I Intorntl Paper pfd. 700 06% 03 tit%
International Pump 33
! Interntl Pump pfl 7Hi
j National I.ea.1 100 14% 14% M4%
North American... 100 R2 82 81 "-i
Pacific Mail 200 25% 25% 85%
People* Gae 000 08 07% U1%
Pressed Steel Car. . .... 27
Pressed S Car pfd. ..... ' tSU "•
j Pullm«n Pal Car ' 208
Republic Steel 400 7? s "%. 7%
R< public SteM pfd. 42
Rubber G.xxis 300 19 18^ l«%
Ituhbcr Good* pfd .... .... 75%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 700 35% 34% 35
IT S Leather.../.. «00 7 O'h ■ «Ti
U S Leather pfd.. 1,000 77% 78% 77
U :> Realty 500 . ' 7%- " 7 7
U S Realty f if d 800 51 40% 01
V fc Rubber...... 100 12 12 11%
U S Rubber pfd... 700 47% 40 47%
U S Steel 1.000 10% 10% 10%
US Steel pM 28.800 85% 51% 55%'
Wemnghouse Elec. 1,000 150% 155 158
Western Union 200 67 86% 87
Totcl sales Wti. 700 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref' 2s reg..lo5 L & N unified 4s. 08%
Do coupon 105 Man con gold 4s. 103%
Do 3e rrg 1ft« Mex Cent 4s 64
Do coupon 106% Do let inc 13%
I>o new 4s reg.l32<-i Minn & Ft L 4s. 98%
Do coupon 1S2% M K & Tex 4s.. 07%
Do old 4s reg.107% Do 2ds 77
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4s 73
! Atch gen At 09% N Y C gen :1M»8.. !»<!%
Do adj 4» 87 N J C gen 5a... 128
Atlantic C L 4s. 02% Nor Par 4s 102%
' Bal A Ohio 4s.. 100% Do 3s ..70%
Do 3%s 03 Nor & \V con 4s. 97%
Central of Ga 5s.lO3% OSL Is & partie. 90%
Do 1st Inc (its Pa conv 3%s 0»%
Che* A- Ohio 4%!«.10:» Reading gen 4s.. 9H
Chi A Alton 3%b. 75 SI, AIM con to.ll2Ti
I C. B * Q new 4s. 01 S L A S F fg 4s. R0%
! C.6I A HP gn 4s. 104% SI I^iuls S\V lsta. ».'{
C A NW con 7s.. 129% .Seaboard A L 4s. «5
I C, R I & Pao It. 6S>iii?o Pbc 4s . RbU
Do col 5s 79% So Railway Ph.. 111%
I C.C.C A Sl^n 4s. 97%|Tcx & Pac 1st*.. 11'.
i Chi Term 4s 82 IT. St L * \V 4s. »S%
Cons Tobacco 4fl.. 5.1%! Union Pa<? 4« 1M%
Colo A So 4s... S4*« i Do conv 4s.... JM%
I C F A I conv fis.. 73 It* S Steel 2d .V. 71-T4
Den A Rio G 4s. P7% 1 W'abash lets ... 115
Erie prior lien 4s. 9«T4 ' Do deb B 59%
Do gen 4s M\;\V & L Erie 4s.. SO
F W A D C lsts.104 lU'ls Cent 4a.... 89
Hncklng Val 4%*.1O5V|I
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25— No bond transaction*,
to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 3%; apked 4; preferred, bid 34;
asked 34%.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 07
Alice 17jOntario 4 00
Breece lOjOphlr 4 25
Iirun.-- Con ffljPhocnlx -OB
Com Tunnel dflj Savage ..- SO
Con Cal & Va... 1 05 Merra Nev 5o
Horn Silver 1 2C Small Hopes 20
Iron Stiver 1 vd Uandard 2 50
Leadville Con... 03
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— United Fruit ... 06
Call loans 4 €4% Westing Common. 75
'Time loans ...4%@5Vj Mining-
Bonds — Adventure 2
I Atchison 4s 07% Allouez 3%
Do adj 4s 87 (Amal Copper .... 47%
Mex Cent 4s 63%: Amer Zinc 7%
Railroads— 'Atlantic 7.
Atchlson «?>.% ' Blngham 20
Do pfd fiS% j Calumet A Hecla.448
Boston A Albany. 244 ICentennlal ...... 17%
Boston A Maine. IO»'% 'Copper Range 39%
Boston Elev l?»7%.Daly West 3:l"4
Fitchburg pfd....*13H Dom Coal , 66%
MfX Central 9% I Franklin 8
N Y, N H A H..191 Grancy 3%
Pcre Marquette.. 77 I*le Royale 7
Union Pacific ... 73% Masg Mining ... 3
Miscellaneous — I Michigan 4%
Amer 'Arge Chem. 13 I Mohawk 34%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 Mont Coal & C. 2%
Amer Sugar 124 Old Dominion 10
Do pfd 123»,4iOsceola 54
Amer Tel A Tel. 1 19 % j Parrot 23
Amer Woolen ... 9%iQulncy 80
Do pfd CD 'Shannon 7%
Dom Iron A S.. SVi I Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium'. .2M:j Trinity 4%
Gen Electric 157 U S Mining 20%
Mass Electric 17% U 8 Oil 8%
Do pfd 72 Utah 32%
Mass Oa* 38% j Victoria 3
U 8 Steel 10%iWinona n
Do pfd 55% I Wolverine ...}.. 70
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money... 86 3-10 N Y Central ]1ti%
Do acct 8(5 3-in xor A We* tern;. 36%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89
Atchison Crt% Ont & Western.. 20%
Do pM 91 Vi Pennsylvania 57%
Bal & Ohio 76% Rand Mines fc»i
Can Pacific 113% P.eadlng 20%
Ches & Ohio.... 30 «4 Do 1st pfd 38V-
Chi Great West.. 15 t Do id pfd 28<4
Chi. Mil A St P.141%!So Railway 1«|U
De Beers 10Vi| Do pfd 8
Den A Rio G 10%j£o Pacific ..'.... 44*4
Do pfd 07 lUnlon Pacific 75%
Erie Kt%\ Do pfd 83
Do 1st pfd 63% ' U S Steel n
Do 2d pfd 39 Do pfd 5«%
III Central 129 Wabash 18%
Louis A Nash... 104 «,i Do pfd 84%
M. K A Tex 15%
Bar silver — Quiet. 20 Il-16d per ounce.
Money — 3%$?4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for !
short bills Is 3 R-16®3% per cent and for three
months' bills .1 ! ; ft; :j *,, per cent.
. Nex> York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The cotton market
rloeed steady at an advance of 9 points to a
decline of 15 Doints.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— FLOUH-Receipts,
33,000 barrels; extx>rtB, 4,000 barrels. Market
was quiet, but firmly held at the advance
Winter straights, $5<S& 25: winter extras, $3 «O
@4: winter low grades. $.1 lfi«ri 80.
WHEAT — Receipts. 1950 buehels. Spot mar
ket stronger. No. 2 red, $1 00 elevator and
$1 10®l 15 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 northern Du
luth, $1 16 f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
strong on favorable cables and buying— by
large interests. The clcee was strong at about
the beat prices of the day. May closed at
$1 07**; July closed at *1 03; September closed
at 93%c. • •
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM — Quiet.'
SUGAR — Raw flrtn; refined steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady: mild steady. The
market for coffee futures rioted steady at a
net advance of 20 to 30 points. Sales, 129.000
bags. Including: March st *>.2505.riOc: May,
n.<X«?5.70: July, 5.K0©0.05; September, ti.13
(SiJ..TJc; December. 6.40fifl.«Cc. -
% DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED i APPLES— The., market l«
quiet and unchanged. Common are quoted at
44jT5c: prime. 5%@5%c; choice, 5%@Cc; fancy,
C%tf"c.
' PRUNES are firm, with quotations ranging
from 3%c to 4%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS are rather scarce and rule firm,
i with choice quoted at «» ! > / «>'l0c: extra choice at
10»4®"10%c. and fancy at 12tfM5c.
PEACHES seem to be attracting some specy
ulative demand and are moving in larger
quantities. Choice are quoted at 7V«®7%c;
extra choice, 7%@8Uc, and* fancy at 9©10c.
New York Metal-Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25— Tin wa» very weak
in London, with ipot £1 10s. lower,' at £123 7s
6d, while futures declined £1 to£UB 12s 0d.
Tin here was more or less nominal, but held
lower In sympathy. Spot la quoted nominally
at *2S 12-4. — .- , ' '
Copper was unchanged in London, closing
at £&7.7k &1 (or (Dot and £56 2s tid for
futures. Locally copper U unchanged.' Lake
Is h»la at $12 50012 "5: electrolytic and cast
ing at $12 37%@12 62%. ? a t »; ,«
Lead was steady and unchanged at £11 15s
in London and at $4 50© 4 to in the local
"spelter advanced 2s Cd to £21 17j 6d in
London. Locally it was unchanged at I5@5 10.
iron closed at 51s 3d in Glasgow and at 42b
4Ud in Middleaboro. Locally Iron was un
changed at yesterday's decline. No. 2 foun
dry. Northern, la quoted at $14 i5^15 25: No.
2 foundry. Northern. $14 25@14 75; No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry. South
ern (scft). at $13 25®13 75.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 25.— Higher orices In the
English grain markets imparted strength to
wheat at the' onenlne. May started %@lc
higher, at $1 07©l 07%, while July, was %c
lower to %c higher, at 0(!®96%c. It was in
timated in a private crop -report that the
weather in various parts of the country had
be*n unfavorable to wheat, and this served
to make the pit crowd rather nervous. Toward
the end or the first hour the selling was of
such nn influential character that the . price
of May declined to $1 06% and July to 96c.
As soon as the selling stopped the market
became eironser .than befcie. Ofterings be
came extremely light late in the sepsion.
Whether correct or not, the belief gained
ground that wheat supplies would be very
limited before harvest. This, coupled with
the alarm in foreign markets over what a
spread of war may do, served to advance
prices ranidly until May touched $1 09 and
July sold un to !>8%c. Heavy liquidation oc
curred during the nnal few minutes of trad
ing. The result was to suddenly carry prices
downward, but the close was firm, with May
at $1 07%. July cloaed at 98%c.
The sentiment in the corn pit was somewhat
mixed. Tht close was about steady at 57%@
@57Vi c *<*•" M ft y-
The fe»tur»- in trading in oats was the
heavy selling by one. or two of . the . prtrnclpal
longs. May closed at 46%c.
1 There was a big general trade in provisions.
Tile feature of the market was the buying of
packers .>n<i the great scarcity of offerings.
The close was strong. May pork Bhowing a
gain of 32%c; lard was up- 10@l2%c, aod
ril't* 15c higher. ' :
! The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. ' Low. Close.
Wheat No, -2 — ••'';• -' , ' .• ■
May-. 1 07% 1 09 ; l'06% 1 07%
July (old)...... .07% U9% v 8«V M
July (n*)..... 96% 08% ,96 ,08%
Sept (old)...... 91% 94 91% 93%
Sept (new) yi% 93% 90% 92%
: Corn No. 2—
February ...... .... K*'A
May ....'... 57% '58" 67% < B7%
July 5(i 56% .65% 55%
September..... 37*. 37% 36% 36%
Oat* No. 2— ' s .
February ...... '■ >. .... 43%
May 46% 48% . ,45% 46%
July* 42% 42% 41% 42%
Mess Pork, i>er r-bl —
May'. 16 HO 16 65 16 30 16 57%
July 1H 00 16 ~r> . l>i 40 IS «5
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 8 05 8 15 8 05. 8 12%
July ■ 8 20 8 30 8 20 ■ 8 26
Hhort PJbs, per 1C0 lbs— , ' -
May 7 T5 8 12% 7 95 8 05
July 8 00 8 20 8 00 8 15
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 2.Y— Cash quotations wero
as follows: 'Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
fi.Scif?$l 07; No. 3. 90cf}$l 03; No. 2 red. *l 05«i
"51 10; No. 2 corn. 54 Vie; No. 2yeUow, -5514c;
No. 2 oats. 42o; No. 2 white, 45Ja^4flcr No. -3
white, 4:j(fjU59ic; good feeding barley, > 42'S 43c;
fair to choice inaltuis i ,^4S(g.*)$c: Nq. 1 ' flaxeeed,
$1 12; No. 1 Northwestern, $118;. prime tlmo.
thy seed. $3 10: mess pork, pefBafrel; $16 37'J
©H>50; lard, per 1C0 pounds. ■ $7 S714C7 O'J^i;
*hort ribs sides (loose). $7 75@7 87 l ,fe; short
clear sides (boxed). $7 .S7Vi«J8; whisky, basis
cf high wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade,
$1125.
Articled — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 3(1.300 41,100
Wh?at. bushels 50.800 54,900
Corn, bushels; 291,300 83.800
Oats, bushels 3S)1.40O 153,900
Rye. bushels 10.000 4.200
Barley, bushels 148,100 19,200
Butter, Cheese and EggsZ
CHICAGO. Feb. 25. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Crramerles. 14'520c: dairies, 13Vi?r22c. Eggs,
weak, 20V4@21c. Cheese, steady, 10V4@llJic.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. i'5. — OATTLE— Receipts.
fl.OCO: market slow; good to prime steers. $4 90
iff5 75: poor to medium, $3 50^4 60; stockers
and feeders.' $2 50^4 lfl{ cows, $1 £5@1 25;
heifers. $2<ff4 fiO; canners, $1 73@2 50; bulls,
$26 4; calves, $3 Mi<&5.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30,000: to-morrow,
25.(XiO; strong and higher; mixed and butchers,
$5 20^/5 00; good to choice heavy, $5 60^5 70
rough heavy, $5 2."i$i5 55; light, 4 80®5 35;
bulk ot soles. $5 30®5 40.
BHEEP- Receipts, 1,500; sheep steady:
lambe, steady: good to choice wethere, $4 25®
4 40; fair to choice mixed, $3 60@4 45; western
sheep. $3 *5§4 ("5; nfltlve lambs, $4 50@5 75;
v/estern lambs. $4 75<§5 85.
Miscellaneous 3Iarkets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 6 11*4 * H*H 6 11M»
Closing 6 11% « 10-T4 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— •-;.-. Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 22 45 22 CO
Closing 22 45 22 60
Flour —
Opening 30 65 30 80
Closing 30 C5 30 80
Northern Business.
. SEATTLE. Feb. 25. — Clearings, $618,608; bal
ances, S137.1S7.
TACOMA. Feb. 25.— Clearings, $312,578; bal
ances. $53,253.
PORTLAND. Feb. 25.— Clearings, $502,964;
balances, $03,188. ,
v SPOKANE. Feb. 25.— Clearings, $402,042;
balances, $64,840.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 25.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 78&79c; blueBtem. S2®S3c; valley. 82c. '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 25.— WHEAT— Steady; blue,
stem. S4c; club, 7Sc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange Is higher and Silver lower.
Sterling Exchange.- sixty days.... — $4 gjii
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 )S7'/.
Rterling Exchange, cables — 4 RS4
New York Exchange, .sight — ij>tt
New York Exchange, ; telegraphic. — 15'
Sliver, per ounce — 57*:
Mexican Dollare. nominal ..../. — 4714
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The war news from Europe being
less sensational, the cables now coming through
report quieter markets, and in fact there is no
particular feature at the moment. Chicago
continues unsettled, with sharp dally fluctua
tions. In this market futures are higher and
the ca.»h grain Is firm at the late advance.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 42H@1 47«4; California
White Australian $1 S2V&&1 57 >i; Northern
Club. $1 42\4©1 47Vi: Northern Bluestem,
$1 D2>i<5fl 57',4 per ctl.
FUTURES. •
Session U to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close."
May $148 $1 4»% $148 fHH
December ... 1 47^4 1 47% 1 47*4 1 47^/4
2 p. m. Session."
. Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 49 $1 4it .' -$l 48^, $1 4s T6
December ... 1 47 1 47 . 1 47 1 47'
BARLEY — The cash grain continued quiet,
but futures were somewhat higher again. The
market exhibited no new features.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 11».4©1 12H; Whipping and Brew
ing, $1 16(01 20; Chevalier, $1 17H@1 40 for
fair to choice. • • • ■ '
FUTURES, •
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ...$i ioy t . $1 10U- $1 i<h; $1 1014
December . . . 1 C5 1 03% • 1 05 , , 1 05*4
2 p. m. Session. ',*'-'
May— $1 10V4- . ■
— Continue firmly held, with some sell
ing right along. Receipts and offerings are
moderate. - ' :
White $1 27%®1 37%; Black. $1 25®1 55;
Red. fl'25@l •■"-' Vi for feed and $1 S0#l 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 32%. per. ctl. ♦
CORN — Continues firm and dealers are* ask
ing a- small advance for* California large yel
low. The demand . Is < not as brisk as it has
been of late. . ■-■.',
■ Western sacked. $1 37%®1 40 for Yellow.
$1 37Vfc@l 40 for White and $1 35 for Mixed:
California' large yellow.; $1>37H61 42%; small
round do, 51 50: White. $1 37%©1 40 per ctl:
Egyptian. $1 42% for white and $1 30 for
brown. . -
, RYE— $1 30©l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per ctl. _ _
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80«?
S 10. usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bnl. • .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are aa
follows: Graham Flour $3 25 per 100 lbt;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. $404 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats, bbls $7 25@S 60; in sacks, $6 75©S 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 10 per 100 lbi.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
What with the holiday on Monday and the
heavy rains since then Hay has accumulated
somewhat in the railroad yards, and this, in
connection with the Improved prospects- due to
the rain. Is giving the market a weaker tone.
Quotations have made no further decline, but |
the market shows no more of the snap and
strength which characterized it before the rains
set. In.
Feedstuff* are steady at previous prices.
BRAN— $2l®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 <50@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21®22 per ton. j
FEED8TUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill. ■ $29 B0@31:
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22: Corn
Meal, $29 60@30 50; 'Cracked Com. $30@31;
Mixed Feed. $22®23; Ho;se Beans, $309
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15®18; Wheat and Oat. $15®
17 50; Oat. $15@17; Wild Oat. $14ffl6;
Barley. $13^15: Stock, nominal— none here; Al
falfa. $12®1.1 50 per ton. ~
STRAW— 60S75c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Neither Beans nor- Seeds show any change
worthy of note. The feeling In Be*ns con
tinues firm. There Is a good demand for the
middle West, due to the recent advance In ,
Michigan, and there are plenty ft buyers at
the quotations, but few sellers. |
BEANS— Bayoa, $2 33@2 55; Pea. $3; But
ters. $3 50: small White, $2 85^:5 10; large |
White. $2 50@2 70; Pink, ?2 00(g3 15: Red,
$4 6OS4 75; Lima, $3 25«f3 ."5: Red Kidneys,
$4 50(94 75; Ulackeye, $2 15®2 25 per 'ctl: Horse
Bean*. $2ff2 50. ,
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 75@4: Yellow
Mustard, $3ift3 25: Flax.- $1 80«l 90; Canary.
6©5V,c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14Qj14%c: Rape.
1%£i2i; Timothy, 6@6%o; Hemp. 3%®3%c per
1b; Millet, 3#3%e;. Broom Corn Seed. $20^21
per ton. >
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25<g2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
\ There were moderate receipts of Potatoes
and the leading table varieties cleaned up well
under a steady Jobbing demand. Retailors;
bought but little, the recently advanced prices
having checked the demand. Strictly fancy
offerings of Oregon Burbanks were readily mar
kef rd at an advance. Sweets .were in good re-
I quest and firm, while new Potatops dragged
at easy rates. Onions ruled strong at the pre
viously quoted prices.
- Receipts of Asparagus were only 12 boxes,
hut the demand was limited and prices de
clined sharply. Arrivals of Peas,. Beans and
Tomatoes from the eouth were more liberal
than for aomn little while back, and as the
receipts Included much poor stock prices
ranged lower. Green Peppers and Egg Plant
were Mill very scarce «nd high. Mushrooms
arrived freely and came to hand In all sorts of
packages.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. $1 10
@1 20 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 2o<Sl 50
1 per ctl: Petaluma and Tomales Burbaiik*.
j $1 15@1 25 per ctl; River Reds. $1 per
ctl: Garnet Chiles, OOc*J.$l 05 per ctl: Early
' Ro«e, $101 10 per ctl: Sweet Potatoes. $2 25@
i 2 40 per ctl: pew Potatoes, 2ift3c per lb.
ONIONS — Yellow. 52 t"0ifi2 65 per ctl for Or
! egon and $3 for Nevada n; Green Onions. 65<8
i 75c per box.
I VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 20«25c per lb
' for No. 1 and 12Vri«15c for No. 2: Rhubarb,
1 10(fil2i4c per lb. Green Peas. 5©7c per lb:
I String BeanF. l(HS17%c per lb: Wax. : To
' matoes from \*>* Angeles. >1«1 75 per box or
crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles. $\(Q
'■ 1 50 per box; Cabbage, SI 10 per ctl: Carrots.
50o per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. O'Va7 : >c per
dozen for fmail and $lffil 50 for large: Garlic.
, Mi6c per lb: Ere Plant, 2r.W30c per lb: Dried
Peppers. 5«f8c per lb for Stockton and 10-?il2Hc
for southern: Dried Okra. 10©12%c per lb;
Green Peppers. 25iB30c per lb: Mushrooms, 5"?
15c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, 101%c per lb;
Hubbard, %c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Western Poultry was ! mar
keted, making the fifth for the.' week... and
cleaned up quickly-, at steady prices. -Receipts
of domestic- Mock continued moderate and all
descriptions cleaned -up readily under a steady
I demand. Ten cases ,of dressed Turkeys came
In and met with prompt sole at good figures.
j Game still showed the effects of the warm,
1 clo?e weather In the country, being more or
i less tainted. All descriptions were weafc, ■
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 2C@22c per !b;
•live Turkeys, 15(317c per lb; Geese; per pair,
$2©2 25; Goslings, : Ducks. $3 50<g6 50
per dozen for old and $6 50ig7 50 -for young;
i Hens. $6 50ft~ 60 for large and $5 50©fl 60 for
i small: young Roosters. $6 30^7 50; old Roos
ters, *5 6<J@S6; Fryers. $rvg»J 50: Broilers, S5J?
j 5 50 for large and $1 5(M?5 for small: Pigeons,
i $1 25(S1 60 per dozen for old and $2 25@2 60
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $2 50@3 per doz; White
Geene. 60c@$l; Brant. $1 for small and
$2 for Urge: English Snipe. $3; common Snipe.
*1 50; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1®
1 25 for Brush; Hare, Jligl 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues very weak under excessive
supplier, and an aggressive bear element is
helping the market down. Offerings to shade
the quotations are numerous, nnd there is a
din rsitlrn among several large handlers to
j get 'the market down to a point where the
j Butter can be shipped and thereby got out
I 1 of the way as soon as possible. There is an
other element, still carrying lines of cold
storage goods, which is Interested In keep
flnc the market up as long as possible In or
der to work off those goo«ls, and they are
giving' the bears a stubborn light. Between
these two contending force* accurate quota
tions are pretty hard to give, but those be
low probably come as near the actual state of
affairs as possible.
Another decline in Cheese Is noted. The I
market onarently no longer has any bottom.
Sstoiku continue excessive.
Egg3 lire about as weak as they can well '
be. Sales of utore down to 18%/: were report
ed yesterday and some offerings of ranch at
20c were also made. Stocks are very large
and accumulating, and the receipts yeeterday
were the largest this season, an will be seen.
The Sound steamer took out 700 cases, but
this withdrawal produced no visible diminu
tion in dupplles.
R«ceiptH were 47.200 lbs Butter, 1555 cases
Eg?s and 27,100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 23@21c
for extra*, 22c for firsts and 20©21p for, sec
onds; dairy, 18<g22c; atore Butter, nominal;
cold storage. 20ifi21c for extras; 18#19c for
seconds and HWilSc for ladle-packed.
CHEKSB— n@10%c for good to choice new
and 8<68%c for lower grades: Young Americas,
lOjSllc; Eastern, 15@l«c; .Western. . 14£15c
per lb. /
EGGS— Ranch, 20©23c; store. 18%@21c per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was a little more activity in the Or
ange market aB a result/ of the bright, sunny
weather. The demand. . however, was still con
fined to the filling of small orders for immediate
local consumption, and as stocks were still
In excess of the demand prices were without
quotable change.- The managers of the auc
tion company announce five cars of Navels for
to-day's auction. Larze sizes of fancy Grape
Fruit were in srood request at the top quota
tion, but small "-sfres of • the cheaper grades,
which constituted the bulk of the offerings,
were dull at unsteady rates. The other Citrus
fruit»""were unchanged.
Ripe Bananas were plentiful and Central
American were quoted at a wider range* Apples
an4 Pears stood as previously quoted.
APPLES— $1 754J2 per box 'or extra fancy;
$1 25*gl 50 for ordinary 'fancy. S6e@$l for
choice and S0fi7Bc for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage (re
packed), $2 6O»:> per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25<g2 00
per box for fency, 75c(8$l 25 for choice ar.d 50c
®$1 for Btandards; Seedlings. 60c@$l; Tan
gerineiv 80c«f$l 25 per boz: Lemons, $1 754*2 50
for fancy, $1 25®1 50 for choice and 75c©$l for
standard: Grape Fruit. $1 25fl2 25; Mexican
Llinea. $0'#6 oO: Bananas. $li®2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 75^.2 50 for Central American.
Pineapples. $1 60@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nufs,Raisins,Honey.
There is nothing" new. This market rules
tame, while the Eastern markets are quiet and
rather firm - than otherwise.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7 «4©10^c for Royals and
9012c tar Moorparku; Evaporated Apples, 4U©
5?4c; sun-dried. .•{•'Ji®4>,ic: Peaches, 5@7c;
Pears. 8©lU£c: Nectarine*. 4%@5%c; • Fig*,
white 3®4c in boxes; black, 4Vic; Plums, pit
ted 6S9« P" pound.
PRUNES — 1003 crop, 2f£@2?ic for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— The Association announces the
following new prices for 1004: Standard grades.
BO-lb cases — 2-crown Loose Muscatels.' 5>4c per
lb: 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, 6 «*c; -Seedless Loose
Mudcatels. 4Vic: Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 0c; 3-crovrn Malaga loose,' 6% c;
-Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, .4%c; Seedless
Thompsons unbleached, 5 Vic. Layers. , per.20
lb box — C-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-cxown London- Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, ■ $1 25: usual advance -for frac
tional boxi?a and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-os
cartons, per lb, 7%c: fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. fi% c:,/ancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
choice 16-or cartons,' per lb, ,7^4c: choice 12-oz
cartons, per package, 6*ic:»cholee bulk car
tons, per lb, 7 Vic; 16-oz Seeded Seed
llngf.- lfutcateli.- per lb, v Tc: 12-oa cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 5*ic; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. G'ie. '
Ntitr — Walnuts. No. 1 softsbell, 13tt414c;
No. 2" HH©12o; No. 1 hardshell, 13el3^c:
No. 2. llgllVie; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
lOVic for I X L. lO^c for Ne Plus Ultra, and
8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6©7c for Eastern;
Pecans. Iiei3c; Cocoanuts. $4 3O©5; Chest
nuts, 5^7c per lb.
HONEY— Comb lO^ll^c for white and SW@
9%c for amber; water white extracted, 5(9
3',4c; light amber extracted. 3%®4Hc; dark.
5Vtc; light amber extracted. 4H'3***c; dark.
3fc©4e.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Provisions.
Cottolene Is Uc higher. Otherwise there Is
no change, but dealers are looking for an ad
vance in Hams Bacon and Lard any day. as
this market is below the level of Chicago.
The Chicago market was higher yesterday.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie D*r lb for
heavy, ll^c for light medium, 13Hc for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13V^c: California
Hams, miiglSc; Mm Beef. $1^ 50®ll per bbl;
extra Mess. $11 SO012; Family. $12 50013;
prrme Mc*s Pork. $15; extra clear. $24$25;
Me?s, SIS: Dry Salted Pork. 10*i®llc; Pig
Pork, $27: Pigs- Feet. $3; Smoked B«*f. 14c
per lb.
LARD — Tlreces quoted at 7 He p«r lb for
compound and 0%e for pure: half-barrels, pure.
10c; 10-lb tins, 10Hc: 5-lb tins, 10%c: 3-lb
tins. 10% c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, 9tfc; one tierce, »Hc; two tierces.
9c; five tierces. • 8T4c per lb.
Hides) Tallow, Wool and Hop*.
Advices from New York report a rather
firmer feeling In Hops there, but this market
continues quiet and unchanged. Wool and
Hides remain as before. -
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about H®lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers ' OVic; medium. 8%e; light. 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and Sc for light; Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10V4c; dry' Hides, 15<316c; dry Kip. 13c: dry
Caff. l%c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25©30c each:
short Wool. 40©65c each: medium. 70®90c: long
Wpcl $1®1 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 W for,
la^se and $2@2 50 for medium. $1 2501 73 for
small and 50c for Colts.' Horse Hides, dry.
$1 73 for large and $1 SO for medium. $1{J1 25
for «>mall and BOc for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry ealted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central* American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; la*ge and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c:
small. 20c. ' ' .
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2. 3Uc: grease. 2H^3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — Ran Joaquln Lamb* . 99
lie; Middle County, 11912c; Northern Defect
ive SttftlOc: Nevafla, 13ai5e; Oregon, fine. 1&8
19c': Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 2WJ30C per lb for California, 1»<B.
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
The market continue* as before quoted, the
supply of everything being fully equal to the
demand. D^ ESSED MEATS .
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
are a« follows: „_„.,
BEEF— 6^®7Hc for Steers and 6©6%e per
VEAL^Large. 8@Sc; small. 8S@0%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9©10c; Ewes. 8H69V4O
PC LAMB— Fall. lOfflle: Spring. 15«16c.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7ff.8%c per lb.
• LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, leas 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8ff9c; Ccws and Helf«r».
7@8c: thin Cows. 4#5c per lb.
CALVES— 4244c p*r lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes. 4%©4Hc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — 6<@5H C per lb.
HOGS — Live Hos«. 140 to 2WT lbs. 5<4(?3%c:
over 200 lbs, 5»-4«6%c: soft Hogs. 4¥,C: Sowa.
20 per cent off: Boars, 50 por cent off, and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bag£. ii%@3%e spot and SHc
June-July: San Quentln. S.65c; Wool Bags,
32038c; Fleece Twine. 7He8c.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington $8: Seattle, $0 60: Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hiil. $«; Standard. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$11 "5 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $9 50 per ton; Coke, $11 60®
13 per ton In bulk and $1B In sacks: Rocky
Mountain dencriptlons. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add Be: Linseed. 48c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Caetor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Baker»* AA, $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. W>870c per gallon:
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, 5**c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
OH. 80c; natural winter M>enn Oil. 75«; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. «5c; natural Whale
Oil 00c; extra winter strained Lard Ol!, «5e;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoot O(l 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. t>5c; light Herrtnt Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil, 43c; Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fish Oil 40c; raw Fish OH. 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. 35q; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
16c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 21Vic; Astral. 21Vjc:
Star. 21»4c: Extra Star. 25Hc: Elaine, 27*4c;
Eocene 24^c; Deodorized Stove Gasolln*. In
bulk, 16c; in case*. 22V«c: Benzine, In bulk.
13c: in caees. 19Hc: S6-«egree Gasoline, In
bulk, 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 8Sc per gallon In cas«p and
S2c In drums and iron barrels.
• RED AND WHITE LEAD— Re ' Lead. 6%«
7e per lb: White Lead, 6&e7c. according to
quantity. _
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c:
Powdered 5.40c: Candy Granulated. 3.40c; Dry
Gronulated. fine. 5.3Cc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.10c- Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
(ifcfi-lb'baM only), 5.10c: Confectioners- A.
6.30c: Magnolia A. 4.90c: Extra C. 4.80c; Golden
C, 4.70c: "D," 4.C0c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels 25c more: boxes. 5Oc more: 50-lb bag*.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
5S0c~ boxes. 6.05c; H. & E. Crystal Domino*.
8 30c per lb. No order* taken for less than
seventy-nve barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. :
FOR THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 25.
Flour qr sks . . 13.717 Paper, reams . . 1,270
Wheat ctls .... 1,535 Broomcorn. Ore-
Barley' ctls. TM gon. bales ... 51
Beans *ks 2.120 Hide,. No. .... SCO
Corn ctls !-205 Pelt». No. 450
Potatoes, sks .. 3.987 Leather, rolls .. 207
Onions. »ks .... 50o[Tallow ctls ... 32
Bran, aks 9K> 4 Ltme. bbla ..... 317
Middlings, sks .. HO Brandy, gals .. 5.600
Hay tons 523 Chicory. bbl» .. 45
Strlw. tons « Wine, gate ... . 102.8C0
Screenings. »ks.. COT; Quicksilver, flks 26O
Feed iks 12iSugar. ctls .... 500
Shorts, sks 200.
NEVADA.
Potatoes sks .. 3501 Onions, sks .... 28-1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 6001
STOCK MARKET.
Rather More. Trading on the
Local Exchanges.
There was rather more trading on the
Stock and Bond and Oil Exchanges, but fluc
tuations continued few. ' Alaska Packers* sold
from $136 50 down to $135. this belng»the only
wide variation. Hutchinson Pugar was weak
at ($7 75 and California Wine" sold off to
$02 50.
The Homestake Mining Company Of South
Dakota paid a regular monthly dividend of
25 cents yesterday.
The Quincy Copper Mining Company or
Michigan paid a dividend of $2 50 per shar«
yeBterday. v .
The sales of the California Wine Associa
tion for the past 'year amounted to $5,131,
62018. on which profits of $531,113 61 wer«
realized. Dividends amounting to $7 20 per
share were paid during th« year at the ratt
of 60 cents per share monthly.
■ The Merchants' Exchange Bank of San
Francisco (In liquidation) has returned to Its
stockholders a total of $107 per share, a divi
dend at the rate of $2 p«r share having been
declared and paid a few days ago. The Sierra
Lumber Company an asset of the Merchants'
Exchange Bank, paid a dividend of 33 centa
per share February 19.
■ The Pacific Bone, Coal and Fertilizing Com
pany of San Francisco, whose works are In
San Mateo County. ha» levied an assessment
of $10 per share, delinquent March 14.
The San Francisco Breweries Company,
whose headquarters are In London, has de
clared a dlYldend of 4 per ernt on Its pre
ferred stock for the past half year, payable
March 1. In the corresponding period of th«
last previous year the company paid no divi
dend.
Reed Crude Oil sold ex-divldend on the Ex
change on Wednesday. The secretary of the
company states that no further dividends are
likely In the near future.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Feb. 25—2 p. ip.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.! Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 ■ — 4s qr cp newl32*ilS-H4
4s qr reg... — — 13s qr coup.. 108 106*i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co- 6a.ll9U119U
Bay CPC 5s. — 104*4 Do Cs — 112*4
Cal C G 5s. — 104ft Do con 5s. 100 103»*
Cal G & E g ' ., Oceanic S 5s. — T5
m &-ct 5*. — 104' Om Cable 6s. — 123 Vi
Cal-st C r>g*.116%117U Pac G Im 4s. 04 88
C C Wat Ss.lOO 101 P E Rt 5*.1C5 1C3%
Ed L & P 6s.l25 1-tl P £ CH tUOJH -
F & C H 6s. — 119 P iO R 68.116 —
Geary-st ' fc.." 45ls 90 Powell-st tia.H2tt —
H C&S 5*48.104 — Sac EGAR3* — 100
Do 5s ... »«% 60 SF & SJV5..URH —
Hon R T. 6S.106 — Sierra R 63.111^112},
L A Elec 3». — 105 S P of A 6a
L A Ry 5a. 112*i — (19C0) 105*4106
L A L Co 6a. — — <mo) 108*j —
Do gtd e«. — — s P .-.f O rts
Do gtd 6«.103*41C3H (19C3>9r 'A.104% —
LAP lcm Ss.lOOH — (10<>5)Sr B.105Vi —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6H — (1006) ....107 —
Do lcm 5s. — 116V4 (1012) 113 —
MV4 MtTSa. — 112 SPC 1 eg 3s. — —
NRR oC,C6».106t41C7H Do stmpd.l(W% —
Do 5s 117Ts — S P R R 68.134 —
N P C R 5..103 — S V W ««.107H —
N C Ry 5s. — 114 Do 4s 2dm. 99VilO«
N C P C 5s. — 10O Do 4s 3djn. — »»%
N S R R 3a. — 100U StknGAE 6a — 100
O G LAH 3s.lO8 — U G & E 3s.lC8 —
O W gtd 3s. — &»
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 jPcrt Co«ta..— —
Marin Co... — 63 is V W Co. 39t; 48
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 4 ISFGAE. 37^4 33
Mutual EL.— 12 stkn G A E 3 —
Pac L Co. . . 55 — I U G * E Co. — 37
« TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
6 F G A E. — — |
INSURANCE. * —
Flrem*« Fnd.810 345 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 123 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 87H — Mer Trust... — 225
Bank of Cal.429 440 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Xatlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
G«r 8 A L. — 2300 Sav A L So. — 10O
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Sav. ICO — Union T Co. — —
8 F Sav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 ! Presidio .... — 41
Geary - 80 i
POWDER.
Giant 61% «2 | Vlgorit 3t* —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c Kilauea S C — 6
Hawaiian C. »4' 4 43 Kakawell C. 19 —
Honokaa S C 11 12 Onomea, S C 23 29
Hutch S P C 8 8*4 Paauhau S C IU4 -
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 1.1494 136 Oceanic S C. 4«4 8
Cal F C A. 95 — Pac Aux FA 5 •
Cal Wine A. 02 93 Vi Pac C Borx.l«7 • —
MVA MtTm.100 —
Morning Session.
Board —
5 A!«sk* Packers' Association... 13« 0O
6 Alaska Packers' Association... 135 60
6 Alaska Packers' Association. ..135 CO
30 California Wine Association... 93 CO
20 Hutchlnnon S P Co. cash 7 73
$25,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent. 113 CO
Etreet— %
fS.OOO Lok Angeles Ry 5 per cent 113 CO
$16,000 8 P of C 6 per cent (190«) 107 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40 AlLiks> Packers' Association... 135 00 .
10 California Fruit Gtnners' Ann. 90 00
30 California Wine Association... 92 SO
75 Paauhau. S P Co 1125
30 S F Gas A Electric, a 90 57 50
$3,000 Oakland Transit Co ft per cer.t.lia 25
$r,,(xy> pac Electric Ry 3 per cent.... 105 25
$2,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent 107 50
Street —
$5,000 Sac Elect Gas A Ry 3a 90 SO
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 113 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC 6a. 85 10O S P Co 4^s. 99 99
B L Wat 69. — 120 Sun Tel 6s. .113 —
Cal N,W 5s.llO%112tJ Do 6» 102H —
SF Drdk 5s — 113H Suttr-st RSs.105 11.1
SF A NP5s.Hl — UP. of SFls. 79 79*4
S P C R 4s. — 100
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 8*Co — 22 Mils Nat Bk.3OO —
Cal Cot Mile — 95 Nev Nat Bk — 210
Cal GAECor. 40 — N S R R II —
C Jockey Cl. JO 120 N C P Co.. 0 —
Cal Powd*r.l23 — Oak Bk S*t.112V, —
Cal Ship Co. 13 30 Oak T Con. 63 —
Cal T I A T.115 HO IOOF Hall A 5<j-
Cen Bk. Oak 63*4 — OrphMjm Co. — l(i*i
Chutes Co.. — 8 Pac S Tel.. — 100V,
City A C BTc. — 112 Paraf Paint. 39 —
East Dynm.175 — S F Dry<iork 60 —
KN Bk. Oak. 120 — SFASJ Coal. — 22*4
Fischer Thtr — 1% S J Wat Col — 10U
Frnch-A Bk.105 — £O A MTgbt — 1C5
Gas Con A. 19^4 21 SwIjs-A Bk.114 —
Hono P Co. »H — Truckee ETec — 13
LonA SF Bk — 60 UR InC pfd. 45 —
Mat Nav Co — 90 Do com, , . . 10\j —
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stock— . Bid. Asked.
Apollo ..>.
Associated Trust Certificate. 20
Aztec 75 80
California Standard 13
Caribou 1 CO
: Central Point Con 6.1
; Chicago Cruda 18
Clareraont 50 .
I Four 69
Fulton 4 00
Hanford 143 00
Home 1 22«4 1 25
Independence 15 16
Junction 15 .
Kern 4 75 3 00
Kern River ". 13 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 41 ....
Monte Crtsto 80 90
Occidental of W Va 12 ....
Oil City Petroleum SO 34
Peerless 13 50 ....
Senator 65 ....
Sovereign - .. 45 ....
Superior 04
Toltec 19
Twenty-eight - 800
West Shore 2 SO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement.. 1 30 ....
Northern Cal Pow«r 9 37H 10 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
300 Claremont 30
200 Hom« 1 22Vi
Afternoon Session.
750 Claremont .* 50
20OO Junction, s 90 lft
100 Junction 16
1000 Junction, b 30 !«
600 Associated 21
100 Twenty-eight Oil 4 23
600 Monte Cristo 80
; (a»> Oil City Petroleum , 31
200 011 City Petroleum SO
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the «ale* on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
i son Andes 30) 600 Mexican 1 8*
2<K> Best A B«lch.2 25 10© 8ava«e 52
20O Con C A Va.l 70 ICO Union Con .. 86
300 Exchequer ... 13 1
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes Wl 100 Mexican 190
300 Belcher 33 2C0 Ophlr 4 80
100 Best A Belch.2 25 200 Sierra Nev .. 54
iOO Caledonia ...1 00 :!0O Union Con .. 91
100 Crown Point. 22 100 Yellow Jacket 46
230 Exchequer ... 13
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange ytsUrday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 50 j 200 Sierra Nev .. 34
100 Andes 61 2CO Silver Hill .. €5
100 Best A Belch.2 23 200 Union Con .. *7
100 Caledonia ...1 00 2OO Union Con .. 8»
20O' Challenge Con 35 1 SCO Union Con .. »O
MtO Con C A Va.l 75 20O Union Con .. 91
300 Mexican . 193 200 Union Con .. S3
100 Overman .... S3
Afternoon Session.
200 Andea 51! 100 Ophlr 4 85
100 Andes 60 200 Savage 32
100 Chollar 201 200 Sierra Nev... 51
IOO Con C A V.I 67H 1W) Union Con... »»
400 Gould A Cur. 44 200 Union Con... S*
10O Mexican ...1 82U ICO Union Con... 8f»
200 Ophlr 4 90 ICO Yellow Jacket 4«
. TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
ciaco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Evelyn 33 : 10CO Rescue 1»
600 Golconda .... 081 400 Rescue C9
80O Mont Ton . .1 S5j 300 Tcfn Belmont. .v>
200 Mont Ton-.l 37^1 ICO Ton Belxnont. 31
200 Rescue 08 1
Afternoon Session. • •
300 Evelyn 32 IOO Ton Belmont. 52
100 Evelyn 34 100 Ton Belmont. 6rt
40<) MacNamara . 19 2CO Ton Midway. 40
1000 Paymaster ... 11 200 Ton N Star.. 33
250 Ton Belmont. 51
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Feb. 23 — 4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha W* C8 Justice Ctt t'S
Alta 07 10 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 40 51 ' Keye* Graea,. — 1 73
Belcher 32 34! Lady Wash.. — C«
Best A Belch.2 20 2 So, Mexican 1 SO 1 8,"»
Bunion 11 12 Occidental ... 8O 85.
Caledonia ... 98 1 05;Ophtr 4 7*> * SO
• Challenge Con 34 30, Overman .... 31 32
Chpllar 1» 20{Poto«l 18 17
Confidence ...1 ©5 1 15 . Savage S3 54
Con C A Va.l 63 1 70 Scorpion 03 04
Con Imperial. 02 03 Seg Belcher.. 07 Kt
Con NY 03 05 Sierra Nev . . 31 S3
Crown Point. 22 23 Silver Hill .. «8 ' 7(»
East Sierra N 05 — 8t Louis — 11
Eureka Con.. — 60 Syndicate ... 04 05
Exchequer ... 14 16 Union Con .. 86 S7
Gould A Cur. 42 44 Utah 21 22
Hale A Norc. »7 1 CO Yellow Jacket 45 47
Julia. ........ 04 06!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Esperanza ... — 01 Paymaster ... — 10
Gipsy Queen.. — 30 1 Ray Ton :... 10 —
Gold Anchor. 15 22 Ray A OBrlen — !•>
Gold M Con. — 15. Rescue 08 •»
Hannapah ... — 16jT«m Belmont. 50 53
Hannapah Mu — 25 1 Ton Exten . . <M —
UttU Ton .. — 1 00 Ton of Nov.. 3 50 7 Co
MacNamara . 17 19 ] Ton N Star.. 32 34
Mlzpah Exten 10 — Ton Midway. 40 41
Mont Ton..l 35 1 37lj Ton Superior. — 11
N 7 Y Ton — 02 United Tta .. — 18
1516
advehtisements.
camOear~FyTng~
From an Awftil Skin Humour.
Scratched Till Blood Ran.
Wasted to Skeleton.
CURED BY CUTICURA
One Application Soothed Htm to
Sleep. Cure Speedy
and Permanent.
" When my little boy was abont three
months old bis bead broke oat with a
rash, which was very Itchy and ran con-
siderable watery fluid. We tried every-
thing we could, but he got worse all the
time till it spread to his arms, legs, and
then to his entire body, and he got so
bad that ho came near dying. The rash
would itch so that he wonld scratch till
the blood ran, and a thin yellowish staff
woald be all over his pillow in the morn-
ing. I had to put mittens on his hands
to keep him from tearing his skin around
his wrists. He cot so weak and run
down that he took fainting spells like
w« woald think him dying. He was al-
most a skeleton and his little hands
were thin like claws.
"He was bad <ibont eight months
when we tried Cuticura Remedies. I
had not laid him down in his cradle in
the daytime for a long time. He had
got so that be just slept In onr arms all
toe time. I washed him with Cuticnra
Soap and pat on one application of
Csticsra Ointment and he was so
soothed that I pat him in the cradle.
Ton don't know how glad I felt when he
felt better. It took one box of Cnticnra
Otntment, pretty near one cake of Coti-
cora Soap, and about hsjf a bottle of
Cottcora Resolvent, to cure. I think
oar little boy woald have died only for
the Cctteora Remedies, and I shall al-
ways remain a firm friend of them."
Mrs. M. C. II AlTLAND, Jasper,
Octavo.
No return in 14 years. Mrs. Haitian d
writes, under date of Feb. 24, 1903, that
the core Is permanent.
" It affords me mnch pleasure to in-
form you that it is fourteen years since
my boy was cared of the terrible ekin
disease from which he suffered.
" He has been permanently cured and
U hearty and strong."
**a tbrascttoB* A* «<aU. Cuttcor» aawlrctlt Me.
ft torn •fChoeohu Cc*u-d Pil:». Se. nnr rit! at <*').
OntDwst. »e, iow, »e- D«pot» • l*»do*.r: Ch«rter-
tttmm *a i rwt*.« ftm* it 1» P««i Betvm. \S Colambw
A»* Pecker Drac » Ohrm. Corp., So* Proprietor*.
ar- bad tar - Hew u> Con Ererr Humour.*
PERSIAN KUfjO
To-Day and To-Morrow
PlT 2:3O P. M.
Th«? greatest dotvnrieht sacrifice of
rups without parallel in the history.
Some very fine Rugs and large car-
peti= will be offered at these sales.
SpeciaJ evening sale to-morrow,
Saturday, at S p. m.
MIHRAN'S
205 POST ST.
WILL REPRESENT CHINA
AT COMING EXPOSITION
Commissioner Carl and His Assistants
Arrive Frcmi the Orient With
Many Tons of Exhibits.
F. A. Carl, assistant Chinese com
missioner to the St. Louis Exposition,
is at the Palace Hotel, having arrived
yesterday from the Orient. In speak
ing of China's plans for an elaborate
exhibit Commissioner Carl said that
the Emperor was deeply interested in
the project and had authorized the
officials of his country to spare no
pains in making the empire's display
as complete as x»ossible. y a id Carl yes
terday:
China hue already hjwrit more than 9000,000
on h»r «-xhib1t. which will include ah. mt 14iwt
tons of freight, of which ♦'JO tons has already
reached St. Louis, and <M1Q •tons arrived hf-re
to-day on the Porie. The remainder of the
exhibit will arrive on the next ve«wl. Prince
Pultn. who ie to be China's head commisf>lon*r
at thf exposition, will loave the Orient March
30 for thl* country. He is l*f» years old. a
rrandpon of the former EmrTor. Ta<i Kuans.
He will com* to the United Ftatep with a larire
euit*' and possessed of ample fund* for rep
rtsenttnp China at the exposition in a royal
rr.arr.er.
Accompanying Commissioner Ca*rl
are D. Percebois. J. H. Berthet and A.
Fong. P«=-rcebois and Herthef are, like
Carl, attached to the customs service
of China and have been detailed to
look out for the exhibits. Fongr is a
Westernized Chinese and secretary of
theTea and Porcelain Club, one of the
important trade guilds of Shanghai.
$$ik SPECIALS FOR
£5F FRIDAY and SATURDAY only
MISSES' SEVEN-GORE FLARE SKIRT, made of golf
/WM/S/Sim^\ material; tabs in front; lap seams; tailor-stitched; inverted
/ iffillmrWtffix p m Dack « shades of mixed brown, blue, gray and black;
/ 1 IS W \ lengths 30 to 36 inches (see illustration). An excellent, service--
/ h I liSl ' 1 \ able overskirt for school wear. V \\
f~dr4t A* \ Former price $3.75. O^ Pfi
( j$*tM //J \ •. Special for to-day and 3l P * + %\i
\ V^ N^v^l/ \ to-morrow only l^ mKMK9
\ n^^mJi/jJ r MISSES ' SEVEN-GORE PEDESTRIAN SKIRT, made
IPT l "'-p«*5sr all-wool checked cheviot; trimmed with stitched bands;, in
« H ■ " :: -'V^f/ shades of tan. brown and gray checks; length 34 and 36 inches.
▼2^°m'- '■|!'a^ Former price $6.00. Special for ' to-day and to-morrow *a
Jgfrii .'••i.' I Mk Ve haVC a num^ cr °* otn er styles that are reduced in pro-
\JT 918-922 Market Street
HEALTH BOARD
MAKES CHANGES
Accepts the Resignations of
Drs. J. L.Stephen, E v Mag
nus and J. Yon Werthern
NO FRICTION SAYS WARD
President of Department De
nies That Action Was Due
to Haste in Appointments
A number of resignations and new
appointments in the Health Depart
ment yesterday gave rise to the report
that there had been an upset as a
result of the discovery that the board
had been too hasty in some of its acts
at the begining.of the year. This, how
ever, was denied by Dr. James W.
Ward, president of the board, as well
as by the doctors concerned.
At its meeting yesterday 'the Board
of Health accepted the resignations of
Dr. J. I. Stephen, assistant chief sur
geon at the Emergency Hospital, who
has been acting in place of Chief Sur
geon Brackett during his absence in
the East; Dr. J,. von Werthern. assist
ant emergency surgeon; Dr. -M. E.
Magnus, assistant inspecting physician,
and C. Thompson, interne at the City
and County Hospital.
Dr. Ward said last evening that Dr.
Stephens' resignation was easily ex
plained. He had been appointed tem
porarily to take charge or Dv. jJiuck
ett's work while the latter was study
ing sanitary methods In Eastern cities,
and now that Brackett had returned.
Stephens' services were no longer re
quired. Hence hrS resignation was vol
untary and in line with his understand
ing at the time of his appointment.
Dr. von Werthern, it was explained,
resigned to attend to his private prac
tice, finding that he had not time for
this and the city work as well.
"The case of Dr. Magnus," said
Ward, "was a mistake on our part.
We were led to believe that he was a
practicing physician, whereas he has
never been licensed to practice. He
was appointed a week ago, and imme
diately afterward we learned that he
had no license. A day or two later he
was arrested at the instance of the
State Board of Medical Examiners.
We at once called for his resignation.
There was no politics in his apoint
ment, nor was there any in his arrest.
This action by the State board was
taken in the enforcement of rules which
I cordially approve.' Magnus resigned
ostensibly because he has not been in
practice during the last year; in fact
he has never been in practice, and his
appointment was an error due to mis
information. Of course we could not
keep him.
"We are getting the Health Depart
ment in fine shape." continued Dr.
Ward. "The weakest division of our
establishment has been the food in
spection department, but we are mak
ing it the strongest. This is one of
the most important matters for the
people of the city and the improve
ment will benefit all classes."
The board appointed Dr. C. F. Paw
licki .surgeon at the Emergency Hospi
tal: Dr. W. E. Buell, emergency sur
geon to succeed Dr. Painte'r. resigned:
Dr. O. S. Kusick. emergency surgeon
vice^Dr. von Werthern. and Dr. J. B.
Hannah Inspecting physician, vice Dr.
Magnus.
The salary of Dr. A. C. Bothe. med
ical chemist, was fixed at $175 per
month and that of H. C. Costa, indus
trial chemist, at $75.
F. Graham was appointed X-ray
operator at the City Hospital at a sal
ary of 540 per month.
J. W. Cameron was appointed night
clerk at the City Hospital at a salary
of $60 per month and George A. Watson
messenger.
The board adopted a resolution com
mending: Dr. Kasper Pischel for his vol
untary services as oculist at the Alms
house.
It was resolved that five medical
colleges be invited to recommend one
honorary consulting physician to the
.Almshouse for the privilege of holding
clinics. •
Heavy Damages for Imitating; a Liabel.
In the suit of Easlehner vn. Eisner & Men
de]»r>n Company Judge Wallace of the T'nlted
State* Circuit Court recently signed a decree
awarding Sp.xlehner $31,030 36. together with
$2305 T<Ti co?ts. which the Eisner & Mendelnon
rompany must pay to Saxlehner as damages
for th<>ir ur«- of labels imitating Saxlehner's
labf>l of Hunyadi Janos Water on Hungarian
Hitter Waters, such as Hunyadi Matyas and
other?.
Debate for Men-ill Mcrial.
At the Wilmerding School of Indus
trial Arts this evening; the Merrill
medal will be debated for by M. T.
Clark, Earl Stephens. William Heiden
reich find F.red J. Berg. The donor of
the prize will act as chairman, and
Franklin K. Lane. Louis Tausslg and
J. S. Partridge will serve as judges.
The debate will be followed by a
dance in the architectural hall of the
school building. The Merrill medal
is contested for during the year by all
the students and the four best plead
ers compete for permanent posses
sion of the trophy. #
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY . 26, 1904,
GRUNSKY WILL BE A MEMBER
OF ISTHMIAN CANAL BOARD
President Roosevelt Offers and the City Engineer Accepts
Appointment as One of Seven Members of Commis
sion—Prospect That Preliminary |Work May Soon Begin
CITY ENGINEER OF SAN FRANCISCO. WHO HAS SIGNIFIED HIS
ACCEPTANCE OF THE APPOINTMENT AS MEMBER OF PANAMA
COMMISSION, TENDERED BY PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT.
WHITE HOUSE,
WASHINGTON. D. C, Feb. 25.
C. E. GRUNSKY. CITY HALL,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.:
1 desire to appoint j-ou on
the Isthmian Cnnal Commission.
Will you accept? Please ad-
vise bj* wire.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
The foregoing correspondence, which
•passed over the wire yesterday morn
ing, indicates that the present City En
gineer of San Francisco, Carl Ewalu
Grunsky, is to be the representative of
the Pacific Coast among the seven
members of the Panama Canal Com
mission. The appointment is recognized
by all classes in the community as one
eminently fit to be made. As soon as
it shall have been confirmed by the
Senate Mr. Grunsky will resign his of
fice at the City Hall, leaving that posi
tion to be filled by the Board of Public
Works.
President Roosevelt is believed to
have acted at the instance of leading
engineers on the coast, among whom
Mr. Grunpky holds high rank. The
place was offered to Judge John Garber,
who declined it for personal reasons.
Mayor Warren Olney of Oakland ->vas
also mentioned for it. Senator Perkins
warmly indorsing him. The selection <>f
Grunsky is said to be due to the Presi
dent's opinion that the eommissiort,
should be strong in practical engineers.
Grunsky's acceptance of the post leaves
only one other Commissioner to be se
lected, according to yesterday's Wash
ington dispatches. These announced
that the President had received definite
acceptances from five of his appointees,
namely, Rear Admiral John G. Walker,
U. S. N., retired, who was at the head
of the former canal commission 'that
reported upon the practicability of the
Panama route: General George W. Da
vis. U. S. A., retired; Colonel Frank
Hecker of Detroit, director of trans
portation during the Spanish-American
war; William Barclay Parsons, en
gineer of the great subway which is
now nearing completion in New York,
and Professor William' H. Burr, he.i'l
of the engineering department in thp
school of mines, Columbia University,
New York, who was a member of tha
Walker Isthmian Canal. Commission. It
was also asserted that the South would
probably be represented on the commis
sion by Benjamin M. Harrod , of- Nen'
SAX FKAXCISCO, Feb. 25.
THE PRESIDENT, WASH-
INGTON, D. C:
I will nccept the appointment,
appreciating fuHy the honor
% conferred and the responsibili-
ties of the position.
feC. E. GRUXSKY.
Orleans, engineer* of "the Mississippi
River Commission and builder of the
city sewerage and water supply systems
of the Louisiana metropolis.
HONORABLE DISTINCTION".
j Membership upon such a board
is an honor which any profes
sional man might well covet, and Mr.
Grunsky was kept busy all day answer
ing telephone calls that brought him
I the congratulations of men well known
in his profession and of leaders in the
business community. San Francisco en
gineers were especially pleased with
the news that the man whose'availabil
ity they had called to the President's
attention had been chosen for a position
of international importance. The com
pletion of the Panama canal by the
American nation after the failure of
the French to carry out the undertak
ing will be one of the most noteworthy
achievements in the history of the*
world's work, and participation in 'it
may well be deemed the distinction of
a lifetime. That San Francisco's City
Engineer has been selected for one of
these much sought appointments Is
creditable alike to the city and the ap
pointee.
As City Engineer Mr. Grunsky's sal
ary ha.-: been $5000. It was said yester
.day that the compensation to be paid
members 'of the isthmian comhiission
had not been announced, but that it
would be fixed by the President and
would probably be in excess of $10,000
por annum. The appointment is under
stood to bo for the full term of the
canal construction, which may cover a
period of ten years. Even after the
opening of the canal there will doubt
*)esf5 be much further work to be done.
Hence the nositton to which Mr. Grun
sky has been called may become a life
appointment. In any case his connec
tion with the canal will give him an en
viable rank among the leaders of the
engineering profession throughout the
world, ■- - • - • •- , ; -
PROSPECT OF EARLY WORK.
The promptness with which Presi
dent Roosevelt has acted in selecting
the members of the commission prom
ises . an -early, beginning of the great
undertaking. • There will, of course, be
an immense amount of preliminary
work, including the organization of the
board and Jta staff of constructing en
gineers, surveys of the uncompleted
work of the French company and the
preparation of plans for the comple
tion of the. canal. But Mr. Grunsky
said yesterday, that he expected little
time would be lost by the commission
in organizing and getting down to the
real work of the. vast enterprise. He
had as yet made no special prepara
tion for the duties of the office, he add
ed, and had no opinions to announce
regarding plans, routes or methods of
construction, but would give his whole
time to these matters as soon as his
appointment was made certain.
"I presume the bulk of the commis
sion's, work," he said, "will be done in
the United States, possibly, at head
quarters in Washington, but when con
struction is' actually begun it will be
necessary for a time that more than
one of the Commissioners be on the
ground, at Panama. We shall prob
ably take turns in this duty, so that
permanent residence there will not be
required. No, I am not afraid of. the
climate nor of the unsanitary, condi
tions at the isthmus.-. Our first im
portant work, of course, will be sanita
tion. What has been done at Havana
will have to.be repeated there, ! and I
am confident American engineers will
achieve the same success at. Panama
that. they won in the West Indies. The
world will not be shocked by the fright-,
ful loss of life which marked the French
regime en the" isthmus. I have never
entertained, the least doubt of the feasi
bility", of. the canal."
GIUTNSKY'S CAREER.
Mr. Grunsky* was born in San Joa
quin, County in-1855. and educated. at
the Stockton High School and later at
the . Polytechnic' Institute at Stuttgart,
Germany. , In 1878 he , entered the State
Engineer's 'office, remaining there for
nine years and becoming assist-'
ONION LEAGUE
TO THE FRONT
Club Proposes a Love Feast
on Occasion of Republican
State Committee Meeting
MAPLE ftOOM IS ENGAGED
Indications That Organiza
tion Will Lease Premises
Occupied by Pacific-Union
The Republican State Central Com
mittee will meet in this city on Satur
day, March 12, at 2 p. m. It Is ex
pected that a large number of com
mittee members from interior coun
ties will be in San Francisco on that
occasion, and nq doubt active Repub
licans other | than those immediately
connected with the governing body of
the party will join the throng. The
Union League Club has engaged the
Maple room of the Palace Hotel for
the evening of March 12, and
a Republican dinner will be given
then and there under the aus
pices of the league. Well-known
Republicans of Los Angeles, Oak
land, San Jos*, Stockton, Sacra
mento, Santa Rosa, Napa, Vallejo and
Eureka have already indicated a de-
Bire to b* present at the dinner. The
banquet will not be limited to the mem
bership of the league, as each mem
ber will be entitled to invite resident
or non-resident Republicans who do
not belong to the club. ..
It seems to be very nearly settled
that the Union. League will lease the
house now occupied by the Pacific-
Union Club and move in early next
winter. ,The committee recently ap
pointed by the league has gone over the
ground carefully' with Mr. Burbank,
the owner of the premises, northwest
corner of Post and Stockton streets. M.
H. de Young is the leading representa
tive of the league Jn the negotiations,
and it is reported that he has obtained
concessions from the owner of the
building which will justify the club in
taking a lease of the house.
There will be a general meeting of
the league membership next Tuesday
evening, and at that time the commit
tee will present a report of the con
ferences with Mr. Burbank. The abil
ity of the Union League to enlarge Its
membership to 1000 by the first of next
December is not doubted. It is the
impression that the dues must be rais
ed to ?5 a month, but the increase may
apply' only to city members or others
in proximity to San Francisco.
It is calculated that the new home
of the Pacific-Union Club will be
ready for occupancy by the first of
next November. Two months later the
Union League could probably move to
the premises vacated by the Pacific-
Union. The league, however, must see
its way clear to pay $16,000 per annum
for 'rent and also expend a good round
sum of money for furniture and gen
eral equipment of the house.
Bornett'M Extract of Vanilla imparts
a superior delicacy of flavor, try it, use it. •
ant. The next five years were spent
in private practice at Sacramento and
San Francisco, he acting as consult
ing engineer for several irrigation dis
tricts and far a number of cities on
water supply and sewerage. The expe
rience thus gained led to his appoint-,
ment in 1892 on the San Francisco Sew
erage Commission, since which time he
has planned the sewerage system for
which bonds were voted last fall. He
has been employed by many mining
and industrial companies, and has con
tributed papers on Irrigation water sup
ply to the Government Geological Sur-
MARKS BROS.
—AT— '
til ARKS BROS:
Home of Honest Values.
1220-22-24 MARKET ST.
M f | CHILDREN'S NARROW
' * RIBBED HOSE, double
I 0 C neel, toe and knee. Reg-
ular price 20c.
CHILDREN'S WHITE CAM-
At BRIC DRESSES, yoke
At\r% trimmed with hemstitched
"^^ i U cks and ruffle of em-
broidery.
For our choice line of
VESTING and OXFORD
At WAISTS, formerly sold
QO for S 1 ' 50 ' $ 2 °nd $2.50.
tfO C These waists are just the
thing for early spring
wear.
Our Lace Department is a bevy of
perfect loveliness, including all the
newest imported designs for Dress
Trimmings, at Marks Bros. '. Popular
Prices.
mi Special price for all our
. * 15c, 20c and 25c VAL.
lOC and DUC HESSE LACES,
3 to 6 inches wide.
* '
it SAILOR COLLAR MUSLIN
en G° W . NS > neatly trimmed
QyC in linen torchon lace, a
good 75c quality.
A{ \ WOMEN'S MUSLIN DRAW-
£7?S, flounce ■ trimmed
3.UC with 4 hemstitched tucks
and Val. lace, worth 50c.
At I WOMEN'S FLEECE-LINED
1Q n COTTON VESTS, in ecru,
I & I* \ a good 25c value.
WOMEN'S DAISY FLAN-
M NEL PETTICOATS, in
Q£%p Pmk, blue and cream,
- Y. ** made with \ deep flounce,
'•'.. regular price 50c. . "■
ADVERTISEMENTS^ __^ r " .
' OWIiT 2 DATS XOBZ. (
LAST CHANCE TO PBOCXTBE OB BEITP A J
gO PUB MONTH PP.
Such low rate* have never been made In any
country. March first is the last day of these
sr-ecial rates. After that date, our reirular terms
of $6 up will be in force. These terms Include
all makes. Also apply on the following special
barrain list:
XETV—Behr Bros.' pianos. $205: Conowr pianos. J?2«5; Sieger pianos. $3OO: . Kptll
pianos. 9375; Davis & Sons' pianos. 9250: Sor.imer piano*. *175; etc. 2JB
Slightly uned and second-hand pianos— Heine r.!anos. *2:tT» up; Steinway r'f" ps - ****
up: Chickerinjr pianos. *15O up: Emerson pianos. 9115 up: Fischer pianos. *»5 up: Coa-
rard pianos. *W) up; Vose pianos. $>*5 up: Arion riar.o. almost new. *lt>->: t.ermar. .-vin-
way. ««<>: English Collard. 937; New York Haynes. mahogany. 911-: and RO other*.
Ask to ree the
New $85 Pianos 1
They are. guaranteed by the manufacturers, but not by us. Other unscrupulous, tnnsientvj
dealers have advertised them at a higher price as good and guaranteed pianos. e would likf > J
to show you what the?e pianos really are.
HEI1TE PXAZXO CO.. 235 and 237 Geary St. 1
Oakland Addrea*. 1252 B5OADWAY. '
BJ * i
II Aboard the Golden State /%&&3j\§ ( \ *-
B Limited, you will find all t Bg^ J ?
p| the conveniences and com- |5 4Z£ ?S\ gLJ I
bj forts that people of refine- • \^ *2*JJ^ I
a ment and means are accus- uw mi iv u I UU
| room, a smoking room, bed \ RM^>T
U rooms, a bath room, a barber li^^ 3^^^ If JniWil
l| They have other names Ip^feJ^C^ij j(^C^Cjfl
|| but they serve the same pur- L=^/S^C^^v3CI
|| pose, on a train, as those W^^wKs^CvxrCdj
w apartments do in one's own
{ 1 4% I *J! a »m» A JL *> \ • IP if'""—" ~tr jf J
t*< I fi I is >m |B \) I 1 1 ' B
|| UUIUdl W&Cllt? . \b^\fc =-:== -^Ihnfc mmi ,Z
pi leares Sin Francisco, Santa Barbara *nd Los Ang?!ei w\/*^^\ j(\ y^^/y*'^
|| daily, December 25 to April 19, for Topeka, Kan- \ tjt^VV^ «\VS^
|| sas City and Chicago. Southern route — by way of vJV vv^\V)iiW
f| El Paso thro' a land where winter is unknown. Wxau^/^
J3 Tickets, berths and literature at this office, and N k^^v
H at Southern Pacific ticket oificci. (V\^*-^^
% [fiff^l 623 Market St., San FraacLco, CaL J
vey. These are but a few of his pro
fessional activities.
Never active in politics, although a
life-long Republican. Mr.. Grunsky was
appointed City Engineer in 1900 by the
Phelan Board of Public Works and has
since continued in that office. Owing
to the important municipal undertak
ings In contemplation during his term
he has probably accomplished a great
er amount of noteworthy work than
any of his predecessors. This includes
the investigation of the San Francisco
water supply, reports on the Tuolumne
River project and the proposed munic
ipal gas, electric lighting:, telephone and
street railway systems. He is a mem
ber of the German General Benevolent
Society and the American Society of
Civil Engineers, trustee of the Califor
nia Academy of Sciences and ex-presi
dent of the Technical Society of the
Pacific Coast. He is also on the roll of
the Native Sons.
Mayor Schmitz said yesterday that he
had not considered the matter of Mr.
Grunsky's successor as City Engineer.
Mayor Olney Explains.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25. — Mayor War
ren- Olney to-day explained why hts
name was mentioned in connection
with possible appointment to the Pan
ama Canal Commission. Mayor Olney
said:
"I received a telegram last Monday
from Senator Perkins stating that he
had presented my name to the Presi
dent for appointment on the Panama
Canal Commission and that the ques
tion in the mind of the President was
whether to appoint a lawyer or an
engineer from the Pacific Coast; that
if he decided to appoint a lawyer I
would probably be the man, and urged
me to accept. I replied that while
not at all desirous of the appointment,
I should accept if it were tendered."
Exposition Special.
One of our 5 6.00 Trunks will be Just
the thing to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk Is $9.60. A. B. Smith Co*. 152
Ellis st.
DECLARES LESTER WAS
ILLEGALLY DISMISSED
City Attorney Long Advises the Fire
Commissioners That They Vio
lated the Charter.
City Attorney Long yesterday filed
an .opinion with the Fire Commission
to the effect that .the dismissal of
Frank Lester from his jjosition in the
corporation yard was invaUd and that
he is entitled to compensation from
the date of such dismissal until he
voluntarily resigned his position.
After quoting the charter that no em
ploye of- the Fire Department shall be
dismissed except for cause until after
a trial before the Commissioners,
Long says in his opinion:
Lester appears to have been dismissed con
trary to the terms of the charter, and so
held the legal title to his position until he
formally reslsnert it. Holding the Rgal
title to the position, he was entitled as a
matter of right to the compensation incident
to the position,- hot alone until he took Qth?r
employment, but until he legally lost his mem
bership in the department through his resig
nation. Under the doctrine of the caee of
Fitzslmmons vs. the City of Brooklyn. MM
N. Y., K>t>. and other cases, he was entitled
to the salary in full, despite the fact that
he earned money from other sources during the
time he was Illegally deprived of his position
In the department. In other words his earn
ing on the outside cannot be deducted from
the salary to which he was entitled as a
member of- the department from the time he
became a member until his membership legally
ceased. Had Mr. Lester been valldly dis
missed — that Ss. upon charges preferred and
after trial, as required by the charter, his right
to salary would have ended with hia dis
missal. •
We have an immense variety of mold
ings: for framing pictures- to order, also
ready-made frames in all the new shapes,
and every tint and color of . mat board
and. binding paper made. Sanborn. Vail
& Co., 741 Market sv •
Wants Money for. Wounded Heart.
Filomena Solimena is suing Fran
cesco Romagnano for $10,000 damages
for breach of promise. In her com
pl*int filed yesterday she alleges that
on. February 6 he asked her to marry
him and that since that time he has
displayed no desire to make her his
wife. She saya that she has asked him
to keep his promise and that he has
refused, greatly to her humiliation and
charria — ■
. ADVEE.TISEMENTS.
Friday, Saturday, Saturday NigUt.
FAVORITE Ml'SH, 3 pKgs. S3c.
ZTAPTHA SOAP, "XTox A'.V'.G cakes S5c
Hot or cold water. Make3 wash day wash
hour.
BEST SAND SOAP. % cakew 25c.
GOLD DUST Was&'ff Powder. 2 pkff». Oc
Falrbank's..
20c IMPORTED BALL BLUE. b«x 10c.
CJBSAM CHEESE, Mild. Eich.lb. 12HC
Made from pure cream. Usually 20c.
BEST RAN'CH EGO3. dot. 25c.
BUTTER K&Sqiiare30c :
Good tweet Marin County butter. Usual
size.
20c and 25c FANCY CAKE3. potiM 16c. .
VXEUITA. COPPEE «>.25C
High-grade Mocha and Java. Tea store
price S3c.
EASTERN C0t>nSH. 3 lbs 25c.
TBAGBAOT TEAS, All Varieties lh. p.Se
War wtth Jasan will proUably doubl« taa
price. Tea store price 60c.
BEST EASTERN' BACON', pound ITc.
POST OB S3XEBKY, "Eisea". .ffal. S8c
«-ypar-ol<i wines. Sample at store. Usually
$1.25. -
VAN CAMP BEANS. 3 cans 25c.
SET TABLE SAZiT 10c sack Sc
Pure Liverpool salt at half price. , '-
HORSERADISH MUSTARD, 3 bota. 25c.
XEHTTJCKY O. X. WHISKY.. ffal. S2.25
Fine quality liquor. Usually $3.00.
PURE APPLE CIDER. H-gal. bottl* 25o.
1001 F1LLM0RE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST
>.,^i.>:.ji^w^a J «M^il-''T^-«.-f,.-...>^-. f| - ti '.^....T-.-.-Y^|
Mar Teag I
Prefflinra/|| coffees I
Prp<> " Spices 1
». C«nt5 Baling |
with Each Worth ftwto gj
A^They are Beauties p H
6 C^ A thousand kinds /A M
to Select from. *^lfl S
j| It Pays to' P|
L Trade at * I
Great American Import ing: Tea Co's gj
S >~ Stores vj
IfTSGlHutot 210GT»n«a-r. 1413 Polk §
{ 140 Sixth 1819 Deviwdero 705 L&rkin %.
\ 475Hs2sht SOOS Sixteenth SS5 Hayts ||
RSSSMlaskia 621 Monts'y »ve. 52 Market j
t2003FUlmore 2S18 Miaaion 148 Ninth \\
g 366 Third 2738 »4th 463 Fourth |f
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GRKAT HESTORAT1VE. INVIGORA-
tor anil Nervine. I
Thp most wonderful aphnvjlslac and Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both, sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of ;th9
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells* on its own merii3.
NABER. ALFS & BKCXE. Agents.
323 Market st.. S. F.— (Scn.l for Circulars.)
I BROWN'S Bronchia! Troches)
Quick, Supc Relhsf for 3
Hll COUGHS AND GOLDS.!
y&$$*J Sold in f.jf f s? ,.S\
Boxes only. £?./** (?) /* e+*m.Ji'7K. a