The Sunday Call Magazine2
TOMOROW'S
TANGLE.
THIS is the first in
stallment of Gerald
inp Bonner's latest
and best novel, '•To-mor
row's Tangle," a book that
lias created a remarkable
furor in the East and
which is sure to be the
most talked of story that
lias ever been written
about California and the
men and women— rugged
pioneers — who afterward
became the Bonanza Kings
of the Golden West. You
recognize the characters
and the scenes wherein
they move: the rehearsal
at the Grand Opera-house;
the strange discovery of
tho photographs in the
gallery on Post street, the
tragedy on Russian Hill
all comes home to you
with a vividness that
makes the unfolding of
the thrilling narrative one
of vital, personal interest.
It is absolutely one of
the newest books on the
market. The Sunday Call
has the exclusive rights
for its publication in this
form. You cannot get it
elsewhere for five times
what it will cost you .in
these pages.
Copyright, 1903. by the Bobbs-Merrill
Company.
CHAPTER I.
THE DESERT.
"To every msn a damsel or two." — Judges.
The vast, gr:»y expanse of the desert
lay Ftill as a picture in the heat erf the
early afternoon. The silence of waste
p!a«-**£ held it. It was gaunt and sterile,
clad with a drab growth of sase, flat as
a table, and with the white scurf of the
tkin. It was the tarth, lean, sapless.
end marked with disease. A chain of
purple hills linked down on its dead
levfl, over v.hich a wagon road passed
like a srar across a haggard face.
Prom the braztn arch of the sky heat
poured down and was thrown back
fior.i the scorched surface of the land.
It was August in the Utah Desert In
the early fifties.
In the silence «nd dcadness of the
Fccue there was ore point of life. The
canvas top of an emigrant wagon made
a white spot on the monotone of gray.
At noon there had been but one shad
ow in tlie desert and this was that be
neetb the wapon, which was stationary
in ihe road. Now the sun was declining
from the zenith and the shadow was
bi!a<Ic:;ins; first a mere edge, then a
tul-Etar.tial margin of shade.
In it two women were crouched
watching a child that i«iy gasping.
Sc-:i:e distance away beside his two
horser, a man sat on tha ground, his
hnt over his eyes.
Ore o* the thousand tragedies the
desert had seen was being enacted.
Crushed between that dead indiffer
*n<■<* of earth and sky, its participa
tors seemed to feel the hopelessness of
movement or plaint and sat dumb, all
but the child, who was dying with that
■bleznn aloofness to surroundings of
which only those who are passing know
the secret. His loud breathing sounded
like £ defiance In the silence of that
savagely unsytr.pcthizing nature. The
man. the woman, the horses, were like
part of the picture in their mute Im
mobility, only the dying child dared
dcy it.
He was a pretty boy of S, and had
E'jccujr.bcd to one of the slight, juvenile
eilmcnts that during the rigors of the
overland inarch developed tragic pow
ers of death. His mother sat beside
him staring at him. She was 19 years
of age, and had been married four
years before to the man who sat in the
sh^dov.' of the horses. She looked 40.
tanned, haggard, half clad. Dazed by
hardship and the blow that had just
fclJrn. the had the air of a stupefied
animal. She said no-thing and made no
attempt to alleviate the sufferings of
her first born.
The other woman was some ten years
older, and wes a buxom, handsome
creature, large-framed, capable, stal
wart— a woman built for struggle and
endurance— the mate of the pioneer.
She. too. was the wife of the man who
rr.t by the horses. He was of the Mor
mon faith, which he had joined a year
befure for the purpose of marrying her.
The sun sloned its burning course
across the pale cky. The edges of the
derert shimmered through veils of heat.
Far on the horizon the mirage of a
blue lake, with little waves creeping up
a crescent of sand, painted Itself on the
quivering air. The shadow of the wag
on stealthily advanced. Suddenly the
child moved, drew a fluttering breath
or two, and died. The two women
leaned forward, the mother helplessly:
the other, with a certain prompt decl
fcion that marked all her movements,
fe!t of the pulse and heart.
"It's all over. Lucy," she said
brusquely, but not unkindly; "I guess
you'd better get into the wagon; Jake
and I'll do everything."
The girl rose slowly like a person ac
customed 10 obey, moved to the back of
tho wagon, and climbed in.
The man, who had cecn this sudden
fJuucr of activity, pushed back his hat
and loc-ked at his wives, but did not
move or speak. The second wife cov
ered the dead child with her apron, and
approached him.
"He's dead," she said.
"We must bury him," was her next
remark.
"Well, an right," he assented.
He went to the wagon and detached
from beneath it a spade. Then he
walked a few rods away and, clearing
a space in the sage, began to dig. The
■woman prepared the child for burial.
The silence that had been disturbed re
settled, broken at Intervals by the thud
of the spade. The heat began to lessen
and a still serenity to possess the bar
ren landscape. The desert had re
ceived its tribute and was appeased.
The rites of the burial were- nearly
completed, when a sound from the
wagon attracted the attention of the
man .ind the woman. They stopped,
listened and exchanged U glance of
alarmed . intelligence. The woman
walked to the wagon rapidly, and ex
changed a few remarks with the other
wife. Her voice came to the man low
and broken. He did not hear what she
said, but he thought he knew the pur
port of her words. As he shoveled the
earth into the grave his brow was con
tracted. He looked angrily harassed.
The second, wife came toward him. her
sunburnt face set in an expression of
frowning anxiety.
VYes," she said, in answer to his
look, "she feels very bad. We got to
stop here. We can't go on now."
He made no answer, but went on
building up the mound over the grave.
He was younger by a year or two than
the woman with whom he spoke, but it
was easy- to be seen that of her, as <rf
all pertaining to him, he was absolute
master. She watched him for a mo
ment as if waiting for an order, then,
receiving none, said:
"I'd better go back to her. I wish a
train'd come by with a doctor. She
ain't got much strength."
He vouchsafed no answer, and she re
turned to the wago-n, and this time
climbed In.
He continued to build up and shape
the mound with sedulous and evidently
absent-minded care. The sweat poured
off his forehead and his bare, brown
throat and breast. He was a lean but
powerful man, worn away by the jour
ney to bone and muscl«, but of an iron
fiber. He had no patience with thoso
who hampered his forward march by
sickness or feebleness.
When he had finished the mound the
sun was declining toward the tops of
the distant mountains. The first color
of its setting was inflaming the sky and
painting the desert in tones of strange,
hot brilliancy. The vast, grim expanse
took on a tropical aspect. Against the
lurid background the chain of hills
turned a transparent amethyst, and the
livid earth, with its leprous eruption,
was transformed into a pale lilac blue.
Presently the thin, clear red of the sun
set was pricked by a white star point.
And in the midst of this vivid blending
of limpid primary colors, the fire the
man had k'ndled sent a fine line of
smoke straight up into the air.
The second wife came out of the
wagon to help him get the supper and
to eat hers. They talked a little in low
voices as they ate. drawn away from
the heat bf the lire. The man showed
symptoms or fatigue; but the power
erful woman was unconquered in her
stubborn, splendid vigor. When she
left him, he lay down on the san.d with
his. face on his arm and was soon
nsleep. The sounds of dole that came
from the wagon did not wake him. nor
disturb the deep dreamlessness of his
exhausted rest. The night was half
spent, when he was wakened by the
woman shaking his shoulder. He
looked up at her stupidly for a minute,
seeing her head against the deep blue
Eky with its large white stars.
"It's over. It's a little girl. But
Lucy's pret,ty bad."
He sat up, fully awake now, and in
the stillness of the night heard the. tat
like mew of the new-born. The can
vas arch of the wagon glowed with a
fiery effect from the lighted lanterns
within.
"Is the dying?" he said hurriedly.
"No — not's bad as that. But she's
terribly low. We'llhave to stay here
vith her till she pulls up some. We
can't move on with her in this way."
He rose and, going to the wagon,
looked in through the opened flap. Hl3
wife was lying with her eyes closed,
waxen pale in the smoky lantern light
The sight of her shocked him into a
sudden spasm of feeling. She had been
a fresh and pretty girl bf 15 when he
had married her, four years before at St.
Louis. He wondered If her father, who
had given her to Jiim then, would have
known her now. In an excess ofcare
less pity he laid his hand on her and
raid:
"Well. Lucy, how d'ye feel?"
She shrank from his touch and tried
to draw a corner of the blanket, on
which her head rested, over her face.
He turned away and walked back to
the fire, saying to the second wife:
"I guess she'll be able to go on to
morrow. She can stay In the wagon all
the. time. I don't want to run no risks
*er gittin' caught in the snows on the
Sierra. I guess she'll pull herself to
gether all right in a few days. I've
seen her worse *ri that."
j CHAPTER II.
STRIKING A t BARGAIN.
How the world is made for each of us! '
How aU we perceive and know in It '
;■■ Tends to some moments' . product thus.
When a eoul declares itsell— to wit: • '-
By its fruit, the thing it does*
— BnCWNING.
Where the foothills fold back, upon
one another in cool, blue shadows, and
the tops of the Sierra, brushed with
bdow, look down on a rugged rampart
of mountains falling away to a smiling
plain, Dan Moreau and his partner had
been working a stream-bed since June.
Placervllle— still Hangtown— though al
ready past the feverish days of its first
youth, was some twenty- five miles to
the southwest. A few miles to the
south the emigrant .trail 'from Carson
crawled over the shdulder.of the Sierra.
Small trails broke from the parent one
and trickled down from the summit, by
"the line of least resistance." to the
outposts of civilization that were
planted here and there on the foothill
and valley.
The canyon where Moreau and his
"pard" were at work was California,
virgin and unconquered. The forty
niners had passed it by in their eager
rush for fortune. Yet the narrow
gulch, that steamed at midday with
heated airs and was steeped in the pun
gent fragrance which California ex-
■
\ THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAUL
hales beneath the, arbors of the sun,
was yielding the two miners a good
supply of, gold". Their pits had honey
combed the stream's banks far- up and
down. Now, In September, the water
had dwindled to a silver thread, and
they had dammed it near the rocker in
to a miniature lake, into which Fletch
er— Moreau's partner— plunged his dip
per with untiring regularity, at' the
same" time moving the rocker which
filled the hot silence the canyon with
its lazy monotonous rattle.
They had been working with little
cessation since early June. The rich
ness of their claim and the prospect
that the first snows would put an end. to
labors and profits had spurred them to
unremitting exertion. In a box under
Moreau's bunk there' were six small
buckskin sfecks of dust, joint profits of
the summer's toll.
Moreau, a muscular, fair-haired giant
of a man, was that familiar figure of
the early days — the gentleman miner.
He was a New Englander of birth and
education, who had come to California
in the first rueh, with a little fortune
wherewith to make a great one. Luck
had not been with him. This was h's
first taste of success.* Five months be
fore he had picked up a "pard" in Sac
ramento, and after the careless fashion
of the time, when no one sought. to in
quire too closely into another's ante
cedents, joined forces w|th him and
spent a wandering spring, prospecting
from bar to bar and camp to camp.
The casual words of an 'Indian had di
rected them to the canyon', where now
the creak of their rocker filled the hot,
drowsy days.
, Of Harney Fletcher, Moreau knew
nothing. He had met him In a lodging-:
house in Sacramento* and the partner
ship proved to be a Successful one.
What the New Englander furnished in
money, the other made up in practical
experience and general handlness. It
was Fletcher who had constructed the
rocker on an improved model of his
own; His had been the" directing brain
as well as the assisting hand which had
built the cabin of logs that surveyed
the stream-bed from a knoll above.
The last remnants of Mqreau's fortune
had stocked it well, and there were two
good horses in the brush shed behind it.
It was now September, and the leaves
of the aspens that, grew alongv the
stream bed were yellowing.; , But the air
was warm and golden with sunshine.
Above, in the high places of the Sierra,
where the emigrant trail crept' along
the edges of ravines and crawled up the
mighty flank of the wall that shuts the
garden of California from the "desert
beyond, the snow Tvas already deep.
Fletcher,' wht>. had gone into Hangtown
the wee^c before fot. provisions, had
come ba<Jk full of stories .of the swarms
of emigrants: pouring down the main
road and its branching trails, higgledy
piggledy, pejl-mell. hungry, gaunt, half
clad, in their wlld'rush to enter, the'land
of promise. - : ; . 'V i
Theie was ru» suggestion of winter
here. The hot air was steeped in the
ardmatic scents that the sun draws
from the mighty pines which clothe the
foothills. At midday the little gulley
where the men worked was he^vy with
them. All about them was strangely
silent. The pines rising rank on rank
stirred to no paEsing breezes. There
was no bird n6te, and the stream had
shrunk so that its CDrlng-time song
had become a whisper.- Heat and si
lence held the long days, when the red
dust lay motionless on the trail above,
and the noise made by the rocker
sounded strangely Intrusive v ahd loud
in the enchanted stUlncES that held the
landscape. /; -\
On an afternoon like this the men
were working in the:stream bed—Mo
reau in the pit, Fletcher "at his place by
the rocker. There was rid conversation
between them. The picture-like dumb
ness of their surroundings seemed to
have communicated Itself to them. Far
above, glittering against the bule, the
white peaks of the Sierra looked down
on them «from remote, aerial heights.
The tiny thread of water gleamed in its
wide, unoccupied bed. Save the men.
the only moving thing' In sight was a
hawk that hung, poised in the sky
above, its winged shadow floating for
ward and pausing on the slopes of tha
gulch.
Into this spellbound silence a sound
suddenly broke— a sound unexpected
and unwished for— that of a human
voice. It was a man's, harsh and loud,
evidently addressing cattle. With it
came the creak of wheels. The two
partners listened, amazed and irreso
lute. The trail that passed their cabin
was an almost unknown" offshoot from
the main highway. Then, the sounds
growing clearer, they scrambled up the
banlc Coming Sown the road they saw
the curved top of a prairie shcooner
that formed a background for^the
forms of two skeleton horses, 'beside
which walked a: man who urged, them
on with shouts and blows.? Wagon and
horses were enveloped In a cloud of red
dust. -"' ;,'
At the moment. that the miners saw
this unwelcome* sight, one of the
wretched beasts stumbled, and pitching
forward, fell with what sounded like a
human groan. The man, with an oath',
went to it and gave it a kick-. But it
jy&s too far spent to rally, and settling
.on. its side, lay gasping. ' A" woman;
stout and sunburned, ran round from
the back bf the cart,' with a face of an
gry consternation. As Moreau ap
proached, he heard her. say to the man
who, with oaths and blows, was at
tempting to drag the horse to it3 feet:
"Oh. it ain't no use doing that. Don't
you see it's dying?",
Moreau saw that she was right. The
anim&l was in its death throes. As he
came up he said, without preliminaries:
"Take off* its harness, the poor brute's
done for," and began to unbuckle the
rags of harness which held it to the
wagon.
The man and woman turned, startled,
and saw him. Looking back they, saw
Fletcher, who was coming slowly, and
evidently not very willingly,, forward.
The sight of the. exhausted pioneers
was a too familiar one to interest him.
The dying horse claimed a lazy cast of
his Indifferent eye. Moreau and the
man loosed the harness, lifted the pole,
and let the creature lie free from ln
cumbrance. The other horse, freed, too,
stood drooping, too spent to move from
where "If 1 had. stopped. If "other, testi
mony were needed of the terrible jour
ney they were ending, one saw it in the
gaunt face of the man, scorched by. the
sun, seamed with lines, with a fringe of
ragged beard, and long locks of un
kempt hair hanging from beneath his
' miserable hat. 'i
This stoppage of his Jouxgey with the
promised land in sight seemed to'ex
asperate him to a point where he evi
dently feared to speak. With eyes full
of savage despair he stood looking at
the horse. Both he and the woman
seemed so overpowered by the calamity
that they had no attention to give to
the two, strangers, stood side by
side, staring morosely at the animal.
.."What'll we do?" she said hopeless
ly. "Spotty,' 1 '.indicating the other
horse, "ain't no. use alone." 'j
Moreau, spoke up encouragingly!
"Why don'fyou leave the wagon and
the other horse here? You can; walk into
Hangtown by easy stages.' The Porter
ranch , is only twelve miles - from ; here
and you can stay there all night. ' The
poor beast can't do . much more,; and
we'll feed it .'.and. take, -care of your
other things! while;" you're gone.".:
- "Oh/damn it, we can't! "said the man"
furlousljCVJ"'"' .*' ' '
As'1f. in 'explanation of this remark,
a woman*- .suddenly : appeared at the
open front of the wagon. -She, had evi
dently*"** been ,• lying within it, arid* had
not risen until now."
. When Moreau looked at her he ex
perienced a violent thrill of pity, 'that
the' evident sufferings of the others had
not evoked. He was a man of a deeply
tender and sympathetic nature toward
all that was helpless and weak. As. his
glance met the face of this Woman, he
thought she was the most piteous ob
ject, he had ever seen. .•*"'
"You'd better come into the" cabin,"
he said, "aqd see what you can do. You
can't go on^'now, and you look pretty
well used up." '"'■ v
The man gave a grunt of assent, and
taking the other horse by the head be
gan to lead it toward the cabin, being
noticeably careful to steer it out of the
way of all stumbling blocks. The wo
mail in the sunbonnet called to hei
companion in the wagon:
: "Come, Lucy, get a move on! We're
going to stop and rest."
Thus addressed, the wuman moved to
the back of the cart, drevv the flap aside
and "slipped out. She came behind the
others, and. Moreau, looking back, saw
that she walked slowly, as if feeble, or
in pain. ■ .
Advancing to the sunbor.neted figure
in front of him he. said, with a back
ward "jerk of his* head: "What's the
matter with her? Is she sick?"
The woman save an indifferent
glance j.b&ckwnrd. Like the man, she
seemed completely preoccupied by
their disaster.
"Not now," she answered, "but she
has been. But good Lord!"— with a
sudden burst of angry bitterness— "wo
men like her ain't meant to take th$m
sort of Journeys. If it weren't for her,
Jake and I could go on all right."
She relapsed into silence as the cabin
revealed itself through the trees. It
appeared to interest her, and she went
to the door and looked in.
It . was the typical miner's cabin of
'tile parfcttV" oonirtsUng o* a. Kinjls roorm
with two bunks. Opposite the doorway
waa the wide-mouthed chimney, a slab
of rock before It doing duty as hearth
■tdrieA'There was an armchair formed
-of a barrel,- cushioned with' red flannel
and mounted oa rockers, j Morea.u'8
bunk was covered with a miner's blan
ket, and the ineradicable habits of the
grentleinan spoke In the very simple but
sufficient tc-ilet accessaries that stood
on a shelf under a tiny square of loolc
t £ng 7 slaiss. . Over the roof 'a. great pine
spread its boughs, and • In _ passing
through these the slightest breith of air
made soft eolian murrouriogs. To the
pioneers, the wild, rough place looked
the ideal of comfort and luxury. "
A small spring bubbled up near the
roots of the pine and trickled across the
space In front of the cabin. To this, by
common consent, the party made its
tray. The exhausted horse plunged its
nose in the cool current and drank and
snorted and drank again. The elder
woman knelt down- and laved her face
and neck and even the top of her head
In the water. The man stood looking
with a mecdy eye at his" broken animal,
and Joined by Fletcher, they talked
over its condition. The miner.; versed
In this as In all practical matters,
deemed the beasc incapacitated for
journeys of any Ierurth for some time
to come. Both animals had been driv
en to the limit of their strength.'
The pioneer assented:
"I had to get acrost before the snows
blejketrus. and they're heavy up there
now," with a nod of his head toward
the mountains above; "then I wanted
to set down., Into the settlements us
soon's I could. 1 knew there weren't
two more days work in "em, but I cal
k'lated they'd get me in. Xfter that it
didn't matter."
"The only thing for you to do is to
walk into Hangtown, buy a mule there,
arid come back."
The man made a despairing gesture.
"How the hell can I. with her?" he
said, indicating the younger woman.
Fletcher turned round and surveyed
her with a cold, exploring eye where
she had sunk down on the roots of the
pine.' with* her bade ajc'alnst Its tmak.
"She locks pretty well tucktred otn.
he said. "Tcur wife?" • , .
"Yea."
"And the othsr one's your sister?' he
continued with glib curiosity.
"She's my wife, too." j
The inquirer, who was used to such
plurality on the part of the Utah emi
grants, gave a whistle and said:
"Mormons, eh?"
The man nodded.
Maantlme Moreau had entered the
cabin to get some food and drink to
offer the sick woman. In a few mo
ments he reappeared carrying a tin cup
containing whisky diluted with water
from the spring, and approached the
woman sitting by the tree trunk. Her
eyes were closed and she presented a
deathlike appearance. The shawl she
had worn round her shaulders had fall
en back and disclosed a jmall bundle
that she held with a loose carelessness.
The man. noticed the way her arms
were disposed about it. and wc-ndered.
Coming to a standstill before her. he
said:
"I've brought you something that 11
brace you up. Would you like to try
it?".
She raised her lids and looked at him.
and then at the cup. As he met her
glance he noticed that her eyes were a
clear Drown like a Cog's, and for the
first time he realized that she might t>»
yc-ung. She stretched out her hand
obediently and taking the cup drank a
little, then silently gave it back.
"You'vr hat! a pretty roujh time I
guess." he sj'.d. holding the cup which
he liUer.;!ed to give her again in a min
ute.
She nodded. Thsn suddenly the tear*
brgan to v.-c'.l out of her eyes, quantities
of tears that ran in a flocd over her
cheeks. She did not sob or attempt to
hide her face. but. leaning h?r head
anainst the tree, let the tears flow as
thc-ugh lest to everything but her sense
of misery.
"Oh. poor thing! poor thing!" he ex
claimed In a burst of sympathy.
"You're half dead. Here take some
more of this." and he pressed the cup
into her hand, not knowir.s what else
to <3o fcr her.
She took it. and then, through th*
taars. he sav.* her cast a look of furtive
alarm toward her husband. She was
v/ithin his lire of vision and tried to
shift herself behind Mcreau. ? ~*" s
With a sensation of angry dissust ha
understood that she feared this un
kempt and haggard creature to whom
she belonged. He moved so that he
sheltered her and watched her fry to
drink again. But her tears blinded her
and she handad the cup back with a
shaking hand.
"It's been too much." she gasped. "If
I could only have-died: My boy did.
Out there on them av.ful plains when
there ain't a tree and it's hot like a
furnace. And they buried him there —
Bessie and he."
'Bessie and he?" he repeated vague
ly, his p!ty entirely preoccupying his
mind for the moment.
"Yes, EeSsie — the second wife. I'm
the first." > •-
"Oh." he said, comprehending, "you're
from Utah?"
"Not me," she answered quickly, "I'm
from Indiana. I'm no Mormon. He
wasn't neither till he married Bessie.
He wanted her and he did It:"
Here she was suddenly Interrupted bythiTt or Whte!n * cr y the bundle
bort h. u™ 8tIU curv «d about She
erlrr ead and drew back the cov
eaV'n f Moreau «w a strange wiz
fed'n , Rnd a tIny - claw-like hand
v'en n b -' y abouL He ha <* never
: e "V' Cr> ' vo«ng Infant before and it
W ..,'.. to hlm a weirdly hideous thing.
if it yours?" he said, amazed,
iho .T ' cfce answ tred. -it was born in
ne dCscr t three weeks ago."
Her tears were dry. and sho bent over
™ thing that squirmed weakly
ec» n^ aut " s" 1 *"- cat-like noises, with
T, 1(?thin S in her attitude that changed
w* and made her still a woman who
ka<l«!ifc< above h^rmlEcrier.
. VV'ouldn-t you like to" go into the
c&oin?" said the man. feeling suddenly
P" aEbed bv **■* Ignorance of all pertain
& lo thiis Infinitesimal bit of life.
°' J »«i5ht want to wash it or put it
sleep or give It something to eaL
* Here's a barin n ,,d soap and— cr— some
I -«-r r.r.d baton in there."
The uomaa responded to the invita
ken v.ith a cliEht show or alacrity.
"- mtmblcd i\? th<z rose,. and he took
bet arm and guided her. At the cabin
door he !eft b*r ar.d cs he passed to the
hsiclc where ihs rest of the party had
-Tone, the bftby's feeble cry. weak, but
ii-siMcnt, followed him.
Ihc emigrant. Bessie and Fletcher,
had repaired to the brush shed where
'■loieau's hcrsfs were stobled and had
pet the half-dead Spotty under its
shelter. Here the exhausted beast had
lain down. The trio had then betaken
themselves to a bcre spot on the shaded
Elope of the knoll and w*»re eating
ship's biscuits and drinking whisky and
water from a tin' cup. that circulated
from hand to hand. As Moreau ap
proached he couid hear his partner
volubly expatiating c.n the barrenness
of the stream beds in the vicinity. The
stranger was listening to him with a
cogitating eye. his seamed, weather
worn face set in an expression of
frowning attention. Her hunger ap
peased, Bessie ha.d curled up on her side
and wivh her sunbonnet still on had
fallen into a deep, healthy sleep.
Moreau joined them, and listened
with mingled surprise and amusement
to Fletcher's glib lies. Then, when his
partner's fluency was exhausted, he
questioned the emigrant on his trip.
The man's answers were short and non
committal. He seemed in a morose,
savage state at his ill luck, his mind
still engrossed by the question of mov
ing on.
"If I'd money," he said. "I'd give you
anything you'd ask for them two horses
'er your'n in the shed. But I ain't a
thing to give — not a red."
"Your wife, your other wife," said
Moreau, "doen't seem to me fit to go on.
She's dead beat."
The man gave an angry snort.
"She's been like that pretty near the
whole way," he said. "Everything's
been put back because of her."
He relapsed into moody silence and
then said suddenly: "We're goin* if
she's pot to walk."
Moreau went back to the cabin. They
had half killed ths wc-man already; now
if they insisted on her walking the
wretched creature might' collapse al
together. Would they leave her on the
mountain roads, he wondered?
He reached the cabin door, knocked
ar.d heard her answering "come in."
She was sitting on an upturned box
beside the bunk on which the baby
slept. Her sunbunnet was off. and he
noticed that she had bright hair, rip
l>k-d and thick, and of the same red
dish-bruwn color as her eyes. She had
washed away the traces of her tears,
but her clothes, hardly sufficient cover-
Ing for her lean, worn body, were dirty
and ragged. No beggar he had ever
seen in the distant New England town
where he had spent his boyhood had
presented a more miserable appearance.
She looked timidly at him and rose
fr»-m the box, pushing it toward him.
"1 put the baby on the bunk," she
said, apologetically, "but I can hold
"Oh. don't disturb her." he said
quickly. "It's the only place you could
have put her." Then, seeing her stand
ing, he said, "Why don't you sit
down?"
She sat charily and evidently ill at
ease.
"They've been eating out there," he
said, "and I thought you might like
something, too. There's some stuff
ever there in the corner if you'll wait a
moment."
He went to the corner where the sup
piies were stored and rifled them for
more ship's biscuit and a wedge of
cheese, u. delicacy which Fletcher had
brought from Hangtown on his last
visit, end which he carefully refrained
from' off eringr to the hungry emigrants.
Coming back with these he drew out
another box and spread them cm it be
fore her. She looked on in heavy, si
lent surprise. When he had finished he
said:
"Now- fe.Il to. You want food as
much as anything."
She made no effort to eat, and he
said, disappointed: "Don't you want it?
Oh. make a try."
She "made a try," and bit off a piece
<>r cracker, while he again retired to the
supply corner for the tin cup and the
whisky. He tried to step softly so as"
not to wake the child, and there was
something ludicrous in the sight of this
vast, bearded man. with his mighty.
half-barfcd arms and muscular throat,
trying to be noir.eless, with as much
success as one might expect of a bear.
Suddenly, in the midst of her repast,
tho woman broke dtrwn completely;
.-■nd. uitli bowed head, rhe was shaken
by a tempest of r.ome violent emotion.
It was not like her tears of an hour be
foi*. v.hich seemed merely an indication
of physical txhaustion. This was an
expression of spiritual tumult. Sobs
rent her and she rocked back and forth
struggling with some fierce paroxysm.
Moreau. cup In hand, gazed at her in
'Jistrzcted helplessness.
•Tome now. «it a little." be said
<oBxinr.lv. not knowing what else to
suggest, "and then getting no rcsoonsc:
•Suppose you lie dc-nn on the bunk?
IJpst is what you want."
"Oh, I can't go on," she groaned. "I
c.in't. How can I. Oh, it's too much!
I can't go on."
He v.»«s silent before tills 111 for which
he had no remedy, and she wailed
again in the as ny of her spirit:
•I cant. I cant. If I could c-nly die!
But now there's the baby, and I can't
even die."
He got up feeling sick at heart at
sight of this hopeless despair. What
could he suggest to the unfortunate
ci mature? He felt that anything he
could say would be an insult in £he face
of such a position. "
"Oh. God. why can't we die? she
croaned— "why can't we die?"
Ab she said the words the sound of
approaching voices came through the
oSen door. Her husband's struck
through her agony and froze it. She
stiffened and lifted her face full of an
animal look of listening. Moreau no
ticed her blunt and knotted hands, piti
ful in their record of toil, as she held
them up in the transfixed attitude of
strained* attention.
"What now?" she said to herself.
The pioneer, Fletcher and Bessie
came slowly round the corner of the
cabin. Bessie looked sleepily anxious,
Fletcher lazily amused. As Moreau
stepped out ,?f the doorway toward
them he realized that they had come to
some decision.
"Well," said the man, "we got to
"You're going on?" said Moreau.
"How about the wagon?"
"We're goin' to leave the wagon, and
I'll come back for it from Hangtown.
It's the only thing to do."
And the norss.
"He calk'Iatcs," said Fletcher, "to
mount his wife— the pecked one — on the
hcrse and take her along till one or
other of 'em drops."
"Take your wife on that horse?" ex
claimed Moreau. "Why. it can't go
two miles."
"Well, maybe it can't." returned the
man with an immovable face.
There was a pause. Moreau was con
scious that the woman was standing
behind him in the doorway. He could
hear her breathing.
"Come on, Lucy," said the husband.
"We got to move on some time."
Here the second wife spoke up:
"I don't see how the horse is goin' to
get Lucy twelve miles, and this man
says the first place we can stop is
twelve miles farther along."
"Don't you begin with your everlast
ing objections," said the husband, furi
ously. "Get the horse."
The woman evidently knew the time
had passed for trilling and turned away
toward the brush shed. Fletcher i fol
lowed her with a grin. The situation
appealed to his sense of humor, and he
was curious as to the outcome.
Moreau and the emigrant were left
facing each other, with the first wife
in the doorway. ■ ,
"Your wife's not able to go on," said
the miner — his manner becoming sud
denly authoritative; "no more than
the horse is."
"Maybe not," said the other, "but
they're both goin' to try."
"But can't you see the horse can't
carry her? She certainly can't walk in
to tfiangtown, or even to Porter's
ranch." •
"No. I can't see. And how's it come
to be your business — what they can do
or whal they can't?"
"It's any one's business to prevent a
woman from being half killed."
' "Since you seem to think so much
about her, why don't you keep her here
yourself?"
The man speke with a savage sneer,
his eyes full of steely defiance.
Before he had realized the full im
port of his words, burning with rage
against the brutal tyrant to whom the
wife was of no more moment than the
horse, Moreau answered:
"I will— let her stay!"
There was a moment's pause. The
emigrant's face, dark with rage, was
suddenly lighted by a curiously alert
expression of intelligence. He looked
at the wc-man in the background and
then at the miner.
"I'm not giving anything away just
now," he answered. "When she's well
she's of use. But I'll swap her for your
two horses." t
In the heat of his indignation and
disgust Moreau turned and looked at
the woman. She was leaning against
the door frame, chalk white, and star
ing at him. She made no sound, but
her dog-like eyes seemed to speak fc-r
his mercy more eloquently than her
tongue ever could.
"All right." he said quietly. "It's a
bargain."
"Done," said the emigrant. "You'll
find her a good worker when she pulls
herself together. You stay on here.
Lucy. Bessie," he sang out, "bring
around them horses."
Under the phlegm of his manner
there was a sudden expanding heat of
shame that he strc-ve to hide. The wo
man neither stirred nor spoke, and Mo
reau etood with his back to her, strug
gling with his passion against the man
who had been her owner. The impulse
under which he had spoken had full
possession of him, and his main feeling
was his desire to rid himself of the em
igrant and his other wife.
"Here," he said, "go on and tell them
that you'll take the horses. Hurry. up!"
The -man needed no second bidding
and made off rapidly round the corner
of the cabin.
Moreau and the woman were silent.
For the moment he had forgotten her
presence, engrossed by the rage that
filled bis warmly generous nature. In
stinctively he followed the man to the
angle of the cabin whence he could
command the brush shed. The trio
were standing there. Fletcher and the
woman listening amazed to the emi
grant's explanation. Moreau turned
back to the cabin and his eye fell on
the woman in the doorway.
"Well," he said — trying to speak
easily— "don't mind staying on here for
a while, do you? I guess we can make
you cc-mfortable."
She made no answer, and after wait
ing a moment he said:
"When you get stronger I'll be able
to i d you something to do in Hang
town. You know you couldn't go on,
feeling so bad. And this air round
here"— with a wave c-f his hand to the
surrounding pines— "will brace you up
finely."
She gave a murmured sound of as
sent, but more than this made no re
ply. tDnly her dog-like eyes again
seemed to speak. Their miserable look
of gratitude made Moreau uncomforta
ble and he could think of nothing to
say.
The sc-und of the trio advancing from
the shed came as a .welcome interrup
tion. They appeared round the corner
of the cabin, leading, the miner's two
powerful and well-fed horses. Evi
dently the situation had been ex
plained. Fletcher's face was enigmati
cal. The ".umorousness of the novel
exchange had come a little too close to
his own comfort to be quite as full of
zest as it had been earlier in the after
noon. He had insisted that the emi
grant leave his horse, which the man -
had no objection to doing. Bessie
looked flushed and excited. Moreau
thought he detected shame and disap
proval under her agitated demeanor.
But to her work was a matter of sec
ond nature. She put the horses to the
tongue of the wagon and buckled the
rags of harness together before she
turned for a last word to her. compan
ion. This was characteristically brief:
"So long, Lucy," she said, "let's see
the baby again." " .
It was shown her and she kissed it
on the forehead with some* tenderness.
Then she. climbed on the wheel, of the
wa'gon . and . took , from the, interior a #
bundle tied up in printed calico., and*
laid it on the ground. It contained all
the personal belongings and wardrobe
of the first wife. There were a\ few
murmured sentences between them and
then she turned to ascend to her seat.
But before she had fairly mounted a
sudden Impulse seized her and whirled
her back to give Lucy a gbod-by kiss.
There was more feeling in this action
than in anything that had passed be
tween the trio during the afternoon.
The two wives had been women who
had mutually suffered. There w«re.
tears in Bessie's eyes as she climbed to
her place. The husband never turned
his head in the direction of his first
wife. But as he took the reins and pre
pared to start the team, he called:
"Good-by, Lucy."
He clucked at the horses, and the
wagon m'c-ved forward amid a stir of
red dust. The woman on the front seat
drew her sunbonnet over her face. The
man beside h?r looked neither to the
right nor the left, but stared out over
his newly acquired team -with an im
passively set visage. His *long whip
curled out with a hiss, the spirited an-
imals gave a forward bound, and the
wagon' went clattering and' jolting
down the trail.
Moreau stood watching its canvas
arch go swinging downward under the
dark boughs of the pines and the flick
ering foliage of the aspens. He
watched until abend in the road hid it.
Then he turned toward the cabin.
Fletcher was standing behind him,
surveying him with a cold and sar
donic eye: , .
"Well, you've done it!"
"I guess , I have."
"What! the devil are you going to do
"Don't know."
v And the horses gone; nothin* but
that busted cayuse left!"
They, stood looking at each other,
Fletcher angrily incredulous, Moreau
smilingly, deprecating and apologetic. ]
As they stood thus, neither, knowing
what to say, .the. emigrant's wife ap
peared at the doorway of the cabin.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY • CALL.
"I'll get your supper now if it's the
right time," she said timidly.
CHAPTER III.
HE RIDES AWAY. - -
Alas, my Lord, my life Is not a thine
•Worthy your noble thoughts! "Tit not a life,
'Tls but a piece of childhood thrown away." .'
BEAUMONT and FLETCHER.
That night the-' two miners, rolled
themselves in their blankets and lay
down on ! the expanse' of slippery grass
under the pine. Moreau ' did not •' sleep
soon. The day's incidents ■ were the
first' interruption to the monotony of
their uneventful summer. ■ '
Now, - the strong man, lying on his
back, looking at the large* white stars
between the pine boughs, thought . of
what he had done 'with perplexity, but
without regret. In the still peaceful
ness of the night he turned" over in' his
mind what he should do when the. wo
man grew stronger. Women were rare
in the mining districts, and he knew
that the'emigrant wife could earn high
wages as ' alservant "either in f Hang
town or the growingmetropplis of Sac
ramento. The child might hamper her,
but he could help her to take care of
the' child until she got ' fairly on her
feet. He had nothing much to do with
his "dust." ' Strong : and young and in
California, that always meant money
enough.
So be thought, pushing uneasiness
from his mind. Turning on his hard
bed he could see the dark bulk of the
cabin with a glint of starlight on its
window. Above, the black boughs of
the' pine made a' network against the
sky sown with stars of an extraordi
nary size and , luster.' He could hear
the river eleepily murmuring to itself.
Once, far off, in the higher mountains,
the shrill, weird cry of a California
lion tore the silence. He rose on his
elbow, looking toward the cabin. The
sound was a terrifying cne, and he was
prepared to see the woman come out.
frightened, and had the words of reas
surance ready to call to her. But there
was no movenent froni the little hut.
She was evidently wrapped in the sleep
of utter fatigue.
In the morning he was down at a
basin sccoped in- the stream bed mak
ing a hasty toilet, when Fletcher,
sleepy-eyed and yawning, came slip
ping over the bank.
"What are we goin' to do for break
fast?" he said. .' "Is that purchase o*
yourn goin' to git it? She'd oughter do
something to show she's worth the two
best horses this side er Hangtown."
Moreau.. with his hair and beard be
dewed with his ducking, was about to
answer when. a sound from above at
tracted them. ->;..
Lucy was standing on the bank. In
the clear morning light she looked
white and pinched. Her wretched
clothes of yesterday, a calico sack and
skirt, were augmented by a clean apron
of blue check. Her 6kirt was short and
showed her feet in a pair of rusty shoes
that were so large they might have
been her husband's. *v '»/■'■
"Are *yc-u comln' to breakfast?" she
said; "it's ready." Then she disap
peared. The men looked at each other
'and Moreau shook the drops from his
beard and began to try to pat his. hair
into order. The civilizing Influence of
woman — even such an unlovely wojnnan
as the emigrant's wife— was beginning
its work. . '
Lucy had evidently been busy. Th«
litter that had disfigured the ground
in front cf the cabin was cleared away.
Through the open door and window a
current of resinous mountain air
passed which counteracted the effect of
the fire. Nevertheless she had eyiCont
ly feared its heat would be oppressive,
and had brought two of the boxes to
the ' rude bench', outside . the doorway.
and on these the breakfast was laid.
It was of the simplest— fried bacon,
coffee and hot biscuits — but the scent
of these, hot and appetizing, was sweet
In the nostrils of the hungry men.
Sitting on the bench, they fell to nnd
were not disappointed. The emigrant's
wife had evidently great skill In ths
preparation of the simple food of the
pioneer. With the scanty means at
her hand she had concocted a meal that
to the men. used to their own primitiva
cooking, seemed the most foothsome
they had eaten since they left San
Francisco.
As she retired into the cabin, Fletch
er — his mouth full of biscuit — said:
"Well, she can cook anyway. I won
der how she gets her biscuits so- all
fired light? They ain't all saleratus,
neither."
Here she reappeared, carrying ths
coffee-pot, and. leaning over Fletcher's
shoulder, prepared to refill his tin cup.
"Put it down on the table. He can do
it himself," commanded Moreau sud
denly.
She set It down Instantly, with her
invariable frightened obedience.
"We're not used to being waited on."
he continued. "Now you sit denvn
here,"— he rose from his end of the
bench and pointed to it— "and next
thing we want I'll go in and get it.
You've had your breakfast, of course?"
"No — I ain't had mine yet," she an
swered meekly.
"Well, why ain't you?" h? almost
shouted. "What d'ye mean by giving
us ours first?"
She loc-kod terrified and shrank a
little on tbe bench. Moreau had a
dreadful idea that for a 'moment sh«
was afraid of being struck.
"Here, take this "cup," he said, giv
ing her his — "and this bacon," picking
from the pan, which stood In the mid
dle of the table, the choicest pieces, and
a biscuit. "There — now eat. I'm done."
She tried to eat. but it was evidently
difficult. Her hands, bent and disfig
ured with work, shook. At Intervals
she cast a furtive, questioning look at
him where he sat on an overturned box,
eying her with good-humored interest.
As he met the frightened dogr-eyes ha
smiled encouragingly, but she was
grave and returned to her ' breakfast
with nervous haste.
As the men descended the bank to th«
stream bed, Fletcher said:
"Well, she's some use in the world.
That's the first decent meal we've had
since we left Sacramento."
"She didn't eat much of it herself,"
returned his oard as he began the
morning's work.
"She Is the gol-darnedest lookln' wo
man I ever seen. Looks as If she'd been
fed on shavings. I'll lay ten to one that
emigrant cuss she b'lonss to has 'most
beat the life out er her."
Ascending to the cabin an hour later,
Moreau came upon the woman, wash
ing the breakfast dishes In the stream
that trickled from the spring. She did
not hear him approach, and, watching
her, he sav/ that she was slow and fee
ble in her ir.c-vements. The sun spat
tered down through the pine boughs on
her thick, brilliant-colored hair, and on
the nape of her neck, where the skin
was tanned to a coarse, russet brown.
"What are you doing that for?" ha
said, coming to a standstill In front of
her. "You needn't bother about th»
pans."
"They'd oughter be cleaned," she an-
Bwered.
"You don't want to feel." he said,
"that you've got to work all the tlm*.
I wanted you to rest up a bit. It's a
good place to rest here."
She made no answer, drying the tin
cups on a piece «>f flour sack.
"I ain't so awful tired," she said
presently in a low voice.
"Well, don't you worry about having
everything so clean; they'll do anyway.
And the cabin's pretty clean— isn't it?"
he asked, somewhat anxiously.
"Yts— awful clean," she said. Then,
"after a moment, she continued: "I
hadn't oughter have stayed in the cab-
In. It's your'n. Me and the baby'll ba
all right in the brush shed with Spot
ty."
"What nonsense!" retorted Moreau.
"Do you suppose I'd let you and that
baby stay in the brush shed, the place
where the horses have been kept all
summer? You're goinr; to keep the cab
in, and if there's anything you want
might need for the baby— why. Fletch
er'll go to Hangtov.n and get it. J4!3t
say what' you want. Not having wo
men around, we're probably short of all
sorts of little fixin~r."
"I don't want nothing." she said with
her head down — "I ain't never been so
comfortable sence I was married."
"Have you been married long?" ha
asked, less from curiosity than from
the desire to make her talk.
"Four years," she replied; "I was
married in St! Loui?, just before dad
and I was startin' to cross the plains.
Dad was taken sick. 3-Ie was con
sumpted, and some one tol* him to go
to California, so we was goin' to start
along with a heap of other folk3. We
was all waitin* 'round St. Loui3 for the
weather to settle and that's how I met
Jake."
"Jake?" said Moreau. interrogatively;
"who was Jake?'*
"My husband — Jake Shackleton. He
wa3 one o' the drivers of the train. He
drove McGinnes' teams." He was there
in camp with us, and up and asked me,
and dad was glad to get any one to
take care of me, bein' as he was so con
sumpted. We was married a week
afore the train started. I didn't favor
it much, but dad thought it was a good
thing. My father was a Methodist
preacher, and knowin' as how he
couldn't last long, he was powerful
glad to get some one to look after me.
I was pretty young to be left — just 15."
"Fifteen!" echoed Moreau — then piec
ing together her scant bits of biogra
phy—"Then you're cnly 19 now?"
"That's my age," she said with her
laconic dryness.
He looked at her in Incredulous
amaze. Nineteen! A girl, almost a
child! A gush of pity and horror welled
up in h'm, and for the moment he
could find no words. She went on, evi
dently desirous of tellins him of her
self as in duty bound to her new
master,
"Dad died before we got to Salt Lake.
Then Jake and I settled there and
Willie was born, and for two years it
wern't so bad. Jakj liked me and was
good to me. But he got to know the
Mormons and kep' sayi..' all the time
it weren't no good do-in' anything not
bein* a Mormon. He said they had no
use for him. bein" a Gentile. And then
he seen Bessie — she was a waitress in
the Sunset Hotel— and go$ powerful set
on her. She was a big. strong woman,
and could work. Not like me. I
couldn't never work except in the
house. ' I was no good for outdoor
work. I was always a sort er drag, he
said. So he turned Mormon and mar
ried Bessie, and she came to live with
34
tis." She stopped and began rubbing a
pan with a piece of flour sack.
"Don't tell any more if you don't
want to," said the man, hearing his
voice slightly husky.
'Oh, I don't mind." she answered
with her colorless, unemotional intona
tion; "I couldn't ever come to feel she
was his vife. too. I hadn't them no
tions. My father was a preacher. I
iuUed it all, but I could't seem
to think of anything else to
do. I had to stay. There
was no one t<> go to. Dad was
di :.<! 2nd he didn't have no* relations.
Ther. uvb started to come here, and on
tho way my little boy died. That was
all I had. and I didn't care then what^
happened. And only for the other baby 1
I'd ct crep" but er the wagon some night
and run away and pot last on the*)
plains. Hut—"
She stopped and made a gesture of
extending her h;:nd^ outvurd and then
letting them f: - .!l at her sides. It was
tragic in its complete hopelessness. Of
platitude to Moresu she seemed to
have little. She had been so beaten
down by misfortune that nothing was
left in her but acquiescence. Her very
service to him seemed an Instinctive
thing, the result of rigorous training.
" ".Vel^." ho said after a pause, "you've
ha.i a hard time. Rut it's over now.
Don't you think about it any more.
You're P<in:-: to res', up here, and when
you're strong and well again we'll think
about something for you to do. Time
enough for that then. But you can al
ways get work tad high pay in Hang
tuu;i or .Sacramento. Or if yc-u don't
fancy it at any of those places I'll see
to it that you po down to San Fran
cisco. Don't bother any more anyhow.
You'i! about got to the bo-ttom of things
and now you're coming up."
She gathered up her pans and said
dully: "Thark you, fir."
The cry of the baby struck on her
ear Mnd she scrambled to her feet, and
without more words turned and walked
to lhe <abin.
At dinner the again made her appear
ance on the bank and called the two
men. Again they were greeted by a
meal that was singularly appetizing,
jconsiccrinp the limited resources. Obey
inpr Moreau's order, she sat down with
them, but ate nothing, at intervals
starting to her feet to return to the
cabin, then restraining the impulse and
sitting rigid and uncomfortable on the
upturned box. To wait on the men
seemed the only thing she knew how to
do. or that gave her ease in the doing.
The child cried once or twice during
dinner, and. in the afternoc-n. working
In the pit which was in the stream bed
just below the cabin window, Moreau
heard it cry again. It seemed a louder
and more imperious cry than it had
given previously. The miner, -7hose
knowledge of infancy and its ill? Tas of
the most limited, wondered if it could
hf pick.
At sunset, the day's work over, both
men mounted the bank, their takings of
dust in two tin cups, from which it was
transferred to the buckskin sacks in
the box under the bunk. Moreau en
tered the cabin to get the sacks and
found Lucy there curled on the end of
the bunk where the baby slept. As his
great bulk darkened the door she
started up, with her invariable fright
ened look of apology.
"'Don't move — don't move." he said,
kneeling by her: M I want to get the box
under the bunk."
She started up. and being nearer the
box than he. thrust her hand under and
tried to pull it out. It was heavy with
the sacks of dust and required a
wren<--3i. She rose from the effort, cave
b pasi>. and. reding, fell against him.
He cnught her in his arms. and. as her
head fell back against his shoulder saw
that she. was death white and uncon
scious.
With terrified care he laid her on
Fletcher's bunk, and, seizing a pan of
water, sprinkled her face and hand?,
then tore one of the tin cups off its nail,
and, pouring whisky into it, tried to
force it between her lips. A little en
tered her mouth, though most of it ran
down her chin. As he stood staring at
her. Fletcher appeared in the doorway.
"Hullo!" ho paid; "what's the matter
with her? By gum, but she Iook3 bad!"
And then, with a quick and practiced
hand, he pulled her up tcr a sitting pos
ture, and, prying her mouth open with
a. fork, poured some of the whisky
down. It revived her quickly. She sat
up, felt for her sunbonnet, and then
Bald:
"I hadn't oughter have done that, but
It came so quick."
She tried to get up, but Moreau
pushed her back.
"Oh. I ain't sick," she said, trying to
cpeak bravely; "I've been took like that
before. It's just tiredness. I'm all
right now."
She apain tri^d try rise, stood on her
feet for a moment, then reeled back on
the bunk, with white lips.
"It's such a weakness," she whis
pered; "5uch a weakness!"
At this moment the baby woke up,
and. lifting up its voice, began a loud,
violent wail. The woman looked In
terror from one man to the other.
"Oh. my poor baby!" she cried;
**whafll I do? Is that one goin' to go
too?"
"The baby's -p.Jl right." said Moreau.
"Don't be^in to worry about that. All
babies cry, don't they?"
"Oh. my poor baby!" she wailed, un
heeding, and suddenly beginning to
wrins her hands. "It'll die like Willie.
It'll die. too."
"Why should it die? What's the mat
ter with it? It was all right this morn
ing, wasn't it?" he answered, feeling
that there were mysteries here he did
not grasp.
"It'll die because it don't get nothing
to- e-at." she cried desperately. "I've
nothing for it. I'm too sick! I'm too
tick! Ani it'll starve. Oh, my poor
baby: 1
She burst into the wild, weak tears of
exhaustion, her sobs mingling with the
now strident yells of the hungry baby.
The two men looked at each other,
sheepishly, beginning to understand
the situation. The enfeebled condition
of the mother made It impossible for
her to nourish the child. It was a pre
dicament for which even the resource
ful mind of Fletcher had no remedy.
He pushed back his cap, and, scratch
ing slowly at the front of his head,
Jooked at his mate with solemn per
plexity, while the cabin echoed to
6ounds of misery unlike any that had
*>vrr before resounded within Its peace
ful walls.
"Can — can — we get anything?" said
Moreau" at !cngth — "any — any — sort of
food. me«t, "eggs— er — er any sort of
ctuff for It to eat?"
"Eat?" exclaimed Fletcher scorn
fully; "how can it eat? It hasn't a
tooth."
"How would it do If Fletcher went in
to- Hangtown and brought the doctor?"
suggested Mcreau, poothingly. "It'll
m
take twenty-four hours, but he's a goofl
doctor."
' The woman shook her head.
"A goat/' she sobbed, the menace to
her offspring: having given her a ficti
tious courage. "If you could get a
The two men looked at each other,
horror-stricken at the magnitude of the
suggestion.
"She might as well ask us to get an
elephant," muttered Fletcher morosely.
"There's not a goat nearer than San
Francisco."
"And It would take us two weeks
anyway to get one up from there and
across the mountains . from Sacramen
to." said Moreau.
"By the time you got it* here it'd be
the" most expensive goat you ever
bucked up ajgalnst," said his partner
disdainfully.
"A cow!" exclaimed Moreau. "Say,
Lucy, would a cow do?"
"A cow!" came the muffled answer;
"oh. It don't need a whole cow."
"But a cow would do? If I could get
a cow the baby could be fed on the
milk, couldn't It?"
"Oh, yes; It 'ud do first rate."
"Very well, I'll get a cow. Don't you
bother, any more; I'll have a cow here
by to-morrow noon. The baby'll have
to hold out till then, for, not having a
decent horse, I can't get it here any
sooner."
"And where do you calk'Iate to get a
cow?" demanded Fletcher; "cows ain't
much more common ,than goats round
these parts."
"On the Porter ranch. It's twelve
miles off. I can go in to-night, rest
there a bit, and by noon be here with
the cow."
"And is that baby goin' to yell like
this from .now till to-morrow noon?
You might's well ha've a mountain lion
tied up in the bunk."
The difficulty was indeed only half
solved.' The infant's lusty cries were
unabated. The miserable mother, with
tear-drenched face and quivering chin,
sat up In the bunk and tried to rise and
go to It, but was restrained by Mo
reau's hand on her shoulder.
"You stay here and I'll get It," he
said, then crossed to the other bunk,
and gingerly lifted with his huge, hairy
hands the shrieking bundle, from which
protruded two tiny, red fists. Jerking
and clawing about, and carried it to its
mother. Her practiced hand hushed it'
for a moment, but Its pangs were be
yond temporary alleviation, and Its
cries soon broke forth.
"If I get up and mix it some flour and
water," she said, feebly attempting: to
rise.
"What's the matter with us doing
that?" queried Moreau, "How do you
do It? Just give us the proportions and
we'll dish it up as If we were born to
it."
Under her direction he put flour, in
one of the dippers, and handed Fletch-.
er a tin cup with the order to fill It with
water at tha spring. Both men were
deeply interested, and Fletcher rushed
back from the spring with a dripping
cup, as If fearful that the Infant would
die unless the work of feeding was
promptly begun.
"Now go on," said Moreau, armed
with the dipper and a .tin teaspoon;
"what's next?"
"Sugar," she said; "if you put a touch
of sugar in It tastes better to them."
"Here, sugar. Hand It over quick.
Now, there we are. How do you mix
'em, Lucy?"
She gave the directions, while the
men carefully followed, compounding a
white, milky-looking liquid. The cur
cial moment came when they had to
feed this to the crimson and convul
sively. screaming baby.
To forward matters better they
moved two boxes to the doorway,
jV.here the glow of sunset streamed in,
and seated themselves. Fletcher 'with
the dipper and spoon, Moreau with, the
baby. Both heads were lowered, ' both
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
faces eagerly earnest when the first
spoonful was administered. It was a
.tense moment till the tip of the spoon
was inserted between the infant's lips.
Her puckered face took on a look of
rather annoyed surprise; she caught at
it,. and then, with an audible smack,
slowly drew in the counterfeit. The
men looked at each other with heated
triumph.
"Takes it like a little man, doesn't
she?" said Moreau proudly.
"She*wasn't hungry," said Fletcher.
"Oh-h, no! Listen to her smack."
. "Here, hold up the dipper. Don't
keep her waiting when she's so blamed
hungry."
"You're spilling half of it. You're
getting it on her clothes."
. "Well, .she don't want to eat any
faster. JThat's the, way she likes to eat
—Just slowly, suck it out of the .spoon.
Take your time, old girl, even if >ou
don't swallow it all."
"My I don't she take It . down nice!
Look alive there. It's running outer the
corner of her mouth."
"Give us that* bit of flour sack be-
hlna you. We ought to have put some
thins round her neck."
The baby, its round eyes intent, one
small red fist still fanning the air,
sucked noisily at the tip of the spoon.
The mother, sitting up on the bunk in
the background, watched it with craned
neck and Jealous eye.
Finally, when the meal was over, it
was triumphantly handed back to her,
sticky from end to end but sleepy and
satisfied^
A few hours later. In the star-sown
darkness of the early night, Moreau
started on his twelve-mile walk to the
Porter ranch. The next morning", some
time before midday, he reappeared, red
and perspiring, but proudly leading by
a rope a lean and dejected-looking cow.
The problem of the baby's nutriment
was now satisfactorily solved. The
cow proved j eminently fitted for the
purpose of Its purchase, and though
the two miners had several unsuccess
ful bouts in learning to milk It, the
handy Fletcher soon overcame this
difficulty, ' and the stock of the cabin
was augmented by fresh milk. •
The baby throve upon this nourish
ment. Its cries no longer disturbed the
serenity of the canyon. It slept and ate
most of the time, but kindly consented
to keep awake ■ in the late afternoon
and be grentle and patient when the
men charily passed it from hand to
hand during the rest before supper.
Fletcher regarded it tolerantly as an
object of amusement. But Moreau, es
pecially since the feeding episode, had
developed a deep, delighted affection
for it. Its helplessness appealed to all
that was tender in him, and the first
faint Indications of a tiny formed char
acter were miraculous to his fascinated
and wondering observation. He was
secretly ashamed of letting the sneer
ingly indifferent Fletcher guess his sud
den attachment, and made foolish ex
cuses to account for the trips to the
cabin which frequently interrupted'hls
morning's work, in the stream bed.
Lucy's recovery was slow. The col
lapse from which she suffered was as
much mental as physical. The anguish
of ' the , last two years had preyed on
the bruised spirit as the I hardship of
the Journey had broken the feeble body.
No particular form of ailment devel
oped In her, but she lay for days silent
and almost motionless on the bunk, too
feeble to move or to speak beyond short
sentences. The men watched and
tended her. Moreau with clumsy solici
tude. Fletcher dutifully, but more
through fear of his powerful mate than
especial interest in Lucy as a woman
or a human being.
In his heart he still violently resented
Moreau's action In acquiring her and
parting with the valuable horses. Had
she possessed any of the attractions of
the human female, he could have un
derstood and probably condoned. But
as she now was, plain, helpless, sick,
unable even to cook for them, demand
ing care which took from their work
and lessened their profits, his resent
ment grew instead of diminishing. Mo
reau saw nothing of this, for Fletcher
had long ago read the simple secret of
that generous but impractical nature,
and knew too much to bring down on
himself wrath which, once. aroused, he
felt would be implacable.
At the end of two weeks Lucy began
to show signs of improvement. The
fragrant air that blew through the
cabin, the soothing silence of the foot
hills, broken only by the drowsy prat
tle of the river or the sad murmuring
of the great pine, began its work of
healing. The autumn was late that
year. The days were still warm and
dreamily brilliant, especially in the lit
tle canyon, where the sun drew the aro
matic odors from the pines till at mid
day they exhaled a heavy, pungent
fragrance like incense rising to the
worship of some sylvan god.
Sometimes now, on warm afternoons.
Lucy crept out and sat at the root of
the pine where she had found her first
place of refuge. There her dulled eyes
began to note the beauties that sur
rounded her, the pines mounting in
dark rows on the slope?, the glimpses
of chaste, white summits far above
against the blue. Her lungs breathed
deep of the revivifying air, clean and
untainted as the water in the little
spring at her feet. The peace of it all
entered her soul. Something in her for
bade her to look back on the terrible
past. A new life was here, and her
youth rose up and whispered that it
was not yet dead. «
During the period of her illness Mo
reau had begun to see both himself and
the cabin through feminine eyes. Dis
crepancies revealed tnemselves. » He
wanted many things heretofore regard
ed as luxuries. From the tin cup of the
table service to the towels made of
ripped "flour sacks, his domestic ar
rangements seemed mean and inade
quate. They were all right for two
prospectors, but not fitting for a wo
man and child. Lucy's illness also re
vealed wants in her equipment that
struck him as piteous. Her only hoots
were the ones he had seen her in on
the morning after her arrival. She had
no shawl or covering for cold weather.
The baby's clothes were a few torn
pieces of calico and flannel. Moreau
had washed these many times himself,
doing them up in an old flour sack,
which was attached to an aspen on the
deepest parts of the mrrent. Here it
remained for two days, the percolating
water cleansing its contents as no
washboard ci»uld.
One evening, smoking under the pfne,
he acquainted Fletcher with a design
he had been some days fromulating.
This was that Fletcher should ride Into
Hangtown the next day and not only
replenish the commissariat, but buy all
things needful for Lucy and the baby.
Spotty was now also- recovered, and,
though hardly a mettlesome steed, was
at least a useful pack horse. But the
numerous list of articles suggested by
Moreau would have weighted Spotty to
the ground. So Fletcher was commis
sioned to b»iy a pack burro, and upon it
to bring all needful food stuffs for the
cabin and the habiliments for Lucy
and the baby.
"She's got no shoes. You want to
buy her some shoes, one useful pair
and one fancy pair with heels."
"What size do I git? I ain't never
bought shoes for a woman before."
This was a poser, and both men cog
itated till Moreau suggested leaving it
to the shoe dealer, who should be told
that Lucy was a woman of average
size.
"But her feet ain't." said Fletcher
spitefully, never having been able to
forgive Lucy her lack of beuaty.
"Never mind; you'll have to make a
bluff at it. Get the best you can. Then
I want a shawl for her. It'll be cold
soon, and she's got nothing to keep her
warm."
"What kind of a shawl? I don't know
no more about shawls than I do about
shoes."
"A pink crochet shawl," said Moreau
slowly, and with evident sheepish re
luctance at having to make this exhibi
tion of unexpected knowledge.
"And what's that* I dunno what
crochet is."
"I den't, either"— and then, with des
perate courage— "well, anyway, that's
what she said she'd like. I asked her
yesterday and she said that. You go
into the store and ask for it. That'll
be enough."
Fletcher grunted.
"And then I want Eome toys for the
kid. Anything you can pet that seems
the right kind. She's a girl, so you
don't want a drum, or soldiers, or guns,
or things of that Jtind. Get a doll if
you can, and a musical box, or any
thing tasty and* that's likely to catch
a baby's eye."
"Why, she can't hardly see yet. She's
like a blind kitten. Lucy told me her
self yesterday she were only six weeks
old."
"Never you mind. She's a smart kid;
knows more now than most babies at
six months. Tou might get a rattle—
a nice one -with bells; she might fancy
that."
"Silver or gold?" sneered Fletcher,
whom this conversation was making
meditative.
"The best you can get. Don't stint
yourself for money; everything of the
best. Then clothes for her; she is going
to be as well, dressed as any baby In
California. I take it you'd better go to
Mrs. Wingate, at the Eldorado Hotel,
and get her to make you out a list; then
go to the store and buy the list. right
down."
"Seems to me you'll Want a pack
train, not a burro, to carry it all."
"Well, if you can't get everything on
Spotty and one burro, buy two. I'll
give you a sack of dust and you can
spend it all."
Fletcher -was silent after this, and as
he lay rolled In his blanket that night
he looked at the stars for many hours,
thinking. \
Early in the morning he departed en
the now brisk and rejuvenated Spotty.
Besides his instructions he carried one
of Moreau's buckskin sacks, roughly es
timated to contain twelve hundred dol
lars* worth of dust,* and, he told Mo
reau, one of his own. He was due to
return the next morning:. With a short
word of forewell. he touched Spotty
with the single Mexican spur he wore,
and darted away down the rough trail.
Moreau watched him out of sight.
The day passed as quickly as its pre
decessors. The main events that
marked their course had been the men's
clean-up. Lucys gain in strength and
the evidences of increasing intelligence
in the child.
To-day Lucy had walked to a point a
little distance up the canyon, rested
there, and in the afternoon came creep
in- back with the Hush of returmnpr
health on her face. It was still there
when Moreau ascended from the stream
hod with his cup. He had had a good
daVs work .find was J-jyful taming
the fine yellow grains in the bottom of
the rusty tin. Then he neticed her im
proved appearance and cried:
"Why you look blooming. A f?l
low'd think you'd panned a good day's
work, too."
To himself he said with a sudden in
ward wonder:
"She looks almost pretty. And she is
only 19 I believe."
The next mc-rnincr he awaited the
coming of Fletcher with impatience. He
had wanted to surprise Lucy, having
only told her Fletcher had gone to buy
a burro and some supplies- But the
morning passed away and he had not
returned. Then the afternoon slipped
by. and Lucy and Moreau took their
supper without him, the latter rather
taciturn. The delay wore on his pa
tience. His knowledge of Fletcher was
limited. He had seen him ilrunk once
in Sacramento, and he wondered if he
had gone on a spree and was now ly
ing senseless somewhere, the contents
of the sacks squandered.
"When the next morning had passed
and Fletcher had still not come, his
suspicions strengthened and he began
to think uneasily of his dust. One sack
full was a good deal to lose, now that
he had a woman and child on his hands.
Lucy, he could see. was also uneasy.
Twice he surprised her standing by the
trail, evidently listening. When even
ing drew on and there were no signs
of him.- both were frankly anxious and
oppressed. Suddenly, a3 they sat by
the box that answered as dinner table,
she said:
"Did he have much du3t?"
•«Yes — one sack of mine and one of his
own. They're equal to about twelve
hundred dollars each."
She gave a startled look at him and
sat with her mouth a little open, fear
and amaze on her face.
"Where's the rest?" she asked.
Moreau indicated the box under tha
bunk. At the same moment her sus
picion seized him and he pulled it out
and threw up the lid. It was empty of
all save a few clothes. Every sack was
gone.
Moreau shut down the lid quietly, a
little pale. He was not a man of quick
mind, and he hardly ceuld realize what
had happened. It was Lucy'3 voice
that explained it as she said:
"He" did It while I was out in the
morning. I went up the stream to that
pool to wash some things at sun up.
He took it then."
CHAPTER IV.
THE ENCHANTED WINTER.
"I choose to be yours for my proper part.
Tours, leave me or take, or mar or make;
If I acquiesce, why should you ba teased
With the conscience prick and the memory
smart?" — Browning.
Fletcher had gone silently and with
out leaving a trace, and with him the
money. It was a startling situation for
Moreau. From comparative affluence
he suddenly found himself without a
cent or an ounce of dust. This, had he
had only himself to look after would
not have affected his free and Jovial
spirits, but now the woman and the
child he had so carelessly come into
possession of loomed before him In
their true light of a heavy responsibil
ity. Lucy, as far as supporting herself
went, was still a long way off from the
state of health where that would bo
possible. And at the thought of send
ing her forth, even though she were
cured of her infirmities, Moreau experi
enced a sensation of depression. He
felt that the cabin would be unbearably
lonely when she and the baby were
gone.
That night under the pine ha turned
over the situation in his mind. The
conclusion he arrived at was that there
was nothing better to be done than stay
by the stream bed and work It for all
it was worth. Lucy would continue to
improve in the fine air and the child
was thriving. If the snows would hold
off till late, as they had dono In the
open winter of '50. he could amass a
fair share of dust before it would ba
necessary to move Lucy and the baby
to the superior accommodations of
Hangtown or Sacramento. It was now
October. In November one might ex
pect the first snows.
He must do a sood deal In th» next
six weeks. This he started to do. Tha
next day he spent In raising a brush
shed against the back of the cabin
where the chimney would offer warmth
on cold nights. Into this he moved
such few belongings as ho had retained
after Lucy and the baby had taken
possession of the cabin. Then tha
working of the stream, bed went on
with renewed vigor. Tha water wa3
low, hardly more than a thread, render
ing the washing of the dirt harder
labor than during the earlier summer
when the water courses were still full.
But he toiled mightily, rejoicing In
the splendor of his man's work, not
with the same knightly freedom that ha
felt when he had been that king of men.
the miner with his pick on hl3 shoulder
and all the- world before him. but with
the soberer Joy of the man into whose
life others have entered to lay hold
upon It with light, clinging hands.
Against the complete and perfect
loneliness of his life the woman and
child, who- had started up from no
where, stood out as figures of vital
significance. They had grown closer to
him In that one month's isolation than
they would have done In a year of city
life. The child became the object of his
secret but deep devotion. He had been
ashamed to let Fletcher see It. Now
that Fletcher was gone, Moreau often
stole up from his work In the creek to
look at it as it sleep in a box by the
open door. It was as fresh as a rose
bud, Its skin clean «~nd satiny, its tiny
hands, crumpled, white and pink, like
the petals of flowers. The big man
leaned on his shovel to watch it ador
ingly. The miracle of its growth in
beauty never lost its wonder for him.
Lucy, too. grew and bloomed in these
quiet autumn days. Never talkative,
she became less laconic after the de
parture of Fletcher. She seemed re
lieved by his absence. Moreau begun
to understand, as he saw her daily In
crease in freshness and youthful
charm, that she was as young In na
ture as she was in years. Points of
character that were touchlngly child
ish appeared in her. Her casting of all
responsibility on him was as absolute«• If she had been ten years of age.
IT! obe - ved him with trustful obedience
«<3 waited on him silently, nor eyes
««f yS °. n him tO <ry to read his u«
expressed wish. Sometimes he caugh*
Se o M .' atChlng eyes and read ln them
something that vaguely disturbed him.
ur.e day, coming up from the creek
taj ne of h5s ET:rreptinous vjewg of
toe .aby. h*- found its cradle empty,
ana w as about to return to his work.
•*«! ho heard a laugh rising from a
nna« knoll among the aspens. It was
LUffh of the most infectious, fresh
siveftrc&s. and made ttoreau's own lips
Part. He stole in its direction, and as
n« advanced it sounded again, rippling
«.icioualy cm the crystal air. He
vushf-d through the aspens and came
:i Lucy and her b:^by. .She was hold
'» it in her lap. «jr.e hand on the
oacK of Us hr.ad. .Something had
bed its unknown sense of the lu
ous, ; i;u its lips were parting in a
»» bat intensely amesed smile over
Itr toothless surr.p. Sach smile was
B-nraercd by its mother with a run of
the !ai:slm-r M« roau had heard.
• He looked at Them for a moment, and
then, advancing, his f<«»t cracked a dry
branch, pr.d Lucy turned. Her face
Was Hushed, her eyes Ftill fu!! of their
pad merriment, her smiling lips looked
a coral red against the whiteness of
hfr small, even teeth. Her runbonnct
was off and her rich hair gkrwed like
copper in the <un. He had never seen
her lock like this, and stopped, regard
ing hn- uith curious, sudden gravity.
The thought was in his heart:
"She's only a girl, and— and— almost
beautiful."
L/iuy looked confused.
"Oh. I was just laughing at the
brny." F h c said apologetically; "she
looked so sorter cute smiling that
way."
"I never heard you laugh like that be
fore. Why don't you do it oftener?"
She seemed embarrassed and mur
mured:
"1 didn't think you'd like to hear me."
"I think you're sometimes afraid of
me." he said; " is that true?"
She bent her face over the baby and
eald very low:
"I'm afraid as how you might get
mad at me. I don't know much and —
I'm different, and you've been more
Coed to me than — "
She stopped, her face hidden over the
child. Moreau felt a sudden" sense of
embarrassed discomfort.
"Oh, don't talk that way." he said,
hastily, -'or I may get mad. That's the
sort of talk that annoys me. Laugh
Bjr.d be happy — that's the way I want
you to be. Enjoy yourself; that's the
way to please me."
He swung: himself down from the
kr.oll into the cree<k bed and went back
to his rocker. He found it hard to col
lect his thoughts. The music of Lucy's
laugh haunted him.
A week, and then two. passed away.
The golden days slipped by, still
scented with the healing pine balsam.
The nights were white with great stars,
which Moreau could see between the
pine boughs, for it was still warm
«=nough to Eleen on the knoll. His
nights' rests were now often disturbed.
A change had come over ths situation
in ihe cabin. The peace and serenity of
the first days after Fletcher's depart
ure had gone, leaving a sense of con
straint and uneasiness In their stead.
Mcreau now looked up at the stars not
with the calm content of the days
when Lucy had first come, but with the
trouble of a man who begins to realize
menace in what he thought were harm
less things.
Nearly a month l.ad passed since
Fletchers departure when one day.
walking down the stream with an idea
of trying diggings farther down, he
came upon Lucy washing in a pool of
water enlarged by a rough dam she
herself had constructed. She was
kneeling on a flat stone on the bank,
her sunbonnet off, her sleeves rolled up,
laving in the water the few articles of
dress that made up the baby's ward
robe. Her arms above the sunburned
wrists shone snow white, her roughened
hair lay low on her forehead in damp,
curly strands. The Eight of her en
paged in his menial toll irritated Mo
reau and he called:
"What are you doing there, Lucy?
Get up."
She started with one of her old ner
vous movements and sat back on the
etone. Then, seeing who it was. smiled
confidently, and brushed the hair back
from her forehead with one wet hand.
"I was washing the baby's things.
That's the dam I made."
Moreau stood looking, not at the dam,
but at the woman, flushed, breathless
and smiling, a blooming girl.
"N"o one would ever think you were
the same woman who came here two
months ago," he said, more to himself
than to her.
"I don't feel like the same." she an
swered, beginning to wring her clothes.
"I don't feel now as If that was me."
"I thought you were quite an old wo
man then- Do you know that? I'd no
Idea you were young.
"I felt old. Oh, God!" she said, sud
denly dropping her hands and looking
acros's the pool r with darkly reminiscent
e yes— "how awful I felt!"
"But you're quite well now? You're
really well, aren't you?" he asked.
"Oh. I'm all right." she said, return
ing to her tone of gayety. "I ain't
never been like this before. Not sense
I was married, anyway."
The allusion to her marriage made
Moreau wince. Of late the subject had
become hateful to him. Standing, lean
ing on his shovel, he said:
-You know it'U be winter here soon,
so it's a good thing we've got you well
and nicely rested up."
"Yes I guess 'twill be winter soon,
fhe said, looking vaguely round; "does
Itwwrr . I ,
-Sometimes tons of it. if it's a hard
winter. But we've got to get out be
fore that. Or you have, anyhow. Can t
run any risks with the baby. Got to
get her out and Into some decent shel
ter before the snow falls."
For a moment Lucy made no answer.
Fhe had stopped wringing the clothes
and was kneeling on the stone, her eyes
on the water, a faint line drawn be
tween her brows.
"Where to—? What sort o' place.
6 he raid 6lowly.
Mores u shifted his eyes from her face
to the earth in which the point of his
ehovel had imbedded itself.
"I told you as soon as you got well
T'd take you to Hangtown or Sacra
mento, or even 'Frisco If they didn't
suit Sow I haven't got dust enough
to do that. Fletcher put that spoke in
my wheel. But I'll take you and the
baby into Hangtown."
••Hangtown?" she repeated faintly.
"Yes- it's quite a ways off. I'll have
t o go in myself and get a horse first,
md then I'll take you both in on that.
I thought I'd so to Mrs. Wingate. Her
husband runs the Eldorado Hotel, and
she isn't strong, and told me last time
I was there she'd give a fancy salary
if she could get a housekeeper. How'd
you like to try that? It would be a
first-class home for you and the baby."
Lucy had bent her face over the wet
clothes.
"Ain't it all right here?" she said in a
scarcely audible voice.
'"No." said Moreau irritably; "I just
told you there was danger of being
sne-wed in after the first of November.
You don't want to be snowed in here
With the baby, do you?" • *
"1 don't care," said Lucy.
"If you don't feel strong enough to
do work like that." he continued, "you
can stay on In the hotel. I can make
the dust for that easily. Then in the
spring, when the streams are full. I'll
have er.c-ugh to send you to Sacra
mento or San Francisco, and you can
look about you and see how you'd like
it there,*;
"Why can't I stay here?" she said
suddenly, her voice quavering, but full
of protest.
Its rote thrilled Moreau.
"I've Just told you why,** he said
quietly.
"Well, I'm not afraid. I don't mind
«sn>-\v. You can get. things to eat from
H.ingtown. Oh. let me stay."
She turned toward him. still kneeling
on the stone. Her face was quivering
with the most, violent emotions he had
ever seen on it. The dead apayiy was
gone forever, at least as far a3 he was
concerned.
"Oh. let me stay," she implored;
"don't send me away from you."
"Oh. Lucy," he almost groaned,
"don't you see that won't do?"
"Let me stay," she reiterated, and
stretched out her hands toward him.
The tears began to pour down her
cheeks, and suddenly with the out
stretched hands she seized him, and
burst forth into a stream of impas
sioned words:
"Let me stay. Let me be with you.
Don't send me away. There ain't no
use in anything if I'm not with you.
Let me work for you. Let me be where
I can see you — that's all I want. I
don't want no money nor clothes. If
you'll just let me be near by! And I kin
always work and cook, and you know
you like things clean, and I kin keep
'em clean. Oh. you can't mean to send
me off. I ain't never been happy be
fore. I ain't never had no one to treat
me so kind before. I ain't never known
what It was like to be treated decent.
I can't leave you — I can't — I can't — "
She sank down at his feet in a quiver
ing heap.
Moreau raised her and held her in his
arms, pressed against his breast, his
cheek against her hair. He had no
thought for the moment but an ecstasy
of pity and joy. Clinging close to him,
she reiterated between broken breaths:
'I kin stay? Oh! I kin stay?"
"Lucy," he said, "how can you? Do
you know what you're asking?"
'But I kin stay?" she repeated.
She siid one arm round his neck, and
he felt her wet cheek against his.
"Let me just stay and work," she
whispered, "just where I can see you."
"Do you forget that you're married?"
he said huskily.
"I'll not be in your way. I'll not ask
for anything or be any trouble." was
her whispered answer, " so long's you
let me be near you."
They walked back to the cabin si
lently.. Lucy knew that she had gained
her point and would stay. Her child
ish nature invaded and possessed by a
great passion built on gratitude and
reverence, asked no more than to be
allowed to work and worship the man
who was to her a god. She did not look
into the future, nor demand its secrets.
The perfect Joy of the present filled her.
In the days that followed she grew in
beauty, and In some subtile way -ac
quired a new girlishness. Her past
seemed wiped out. The blighting ef
fects of the four previous years fell
away from her and she seemed to re
vert to the sweet and simple youthful
ness that had been hers when Jake
Shackleton had married her at St.
Louis. Silent and gentle as ever, it was
plain to be seen that whatever Moreau
asked for — service, friendship, love — she
would unquestloningly give.
Early In November a cold evening
came with a red sunset and a sharpen
lng*of every outline. For the first time
they were driven into the cabin for sup
per. A fire of boughs and dried cones
burned in the chimney and before this,
supper being over, they sat, Lucy In
the rocker made of a barrel, Moreau on
the end of an upturned box, staring at
the flames.
Finally the man broke the silence by
teling her that he was going to take his
dust and walk Into Hanstown the next
day, remaining there over night and re
turning In the morning with fresh sup
plies and a burro.
"Lucy." he said, drawing his- box
nearer to her, "I want to talk to you of
something."
She looked up, saw that the moment
both had been dreading had come, and
paled.
"Lucy, the winter's coming. The
snow may be here now at any moment.
Have you thought of what we're to
do?" -
She shook her head and began to
tremble. His words called up the
specter of separation— what she feared
most in the world.
"You know we can't live on this way.
Will you, if I go into Hangtown and
bring back a mule, ride there with me
the day after to-morrow and marry
me? There are two or three preachers
there who will do it."
She looked at him with surprised
eyes.
"I'm married already to Jake," she
said. "How kin I get married again?"
"I know it, and it's no good trying to
break that marriage. But In your eyes
and mine that was none. You and your
baby are mine to take care of and
support and love for the rest of our
lives. Though you can't be my lawful
wife, I can protect you from scandal
and insult by making you what all the
world will think Is my lawful wife.
Only you, and I and Jake and his sec
ond wife will know that there has been
a previous marriage and not one of that
four will ever tell."
She put her rough hand out and felt
his great fist close over it, like a sym
bol of the protection he was offering*
her.
"We can be married in Hangtown by
your maiden name. If any one asks I
can say I am marrying a young widow
whose husband died on the Sierra.
Your husband did die there when he
6rfd you to me for a pair of horses."
She nodded, not quite understanding
his meaning.
"Kin Jake ever come and claim me?"
she asked in a frightened voice.
"How could he? How could he dare
tell the world how he left you and his
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL!.
child sick, almost dying, in tne hut of
an unknown miner in the foothills?
This is California, where men don't for
give that sort of thing."
She was silent, and then said: "Yes,
let's go to Hangtown and be married."
"Was your first marriage perfectly
legal? Have you got the marriage cer
tificate?"
She rose, dragged out the bundle she
had brought with her, and from it
drew a long dirty envelope which she
handed to him.
He opened it and found the certifi
cate. It was accurate In every detail.
His eye ran over the ages and names of
the contracting parties— Lucy Fraser,
15, to Jacob Shackleton, 24, at St. Louis.
Twisting the paper in his hands he
sat moodily eying the fire. The second
marriage was the only way he could
think of by which he could lend a sem
blance of right to the impossible posi
tion in which his generous action had
placed him. Divorce, In that, remote
locality and at that early day of laws,
half administered and chaotic, was Im
possible, and even had it been easily
obtained he shrank from dragging into
publicity the piteous story of how the
woman he loved had been sold to him.
That a marriage with Jake Shackle
ton's wife was a legal offense he knew,
but with one of those strange whimsies
of character which mark mankind, he
felt that the reading of the marriage
service over Lucy and himself would in
some way sanctify what could never be
a lawful tie. ♦
In a spasm of rage and disgust he
held out the paper to the flames, when
Lucy, with a smothered cry sprang for
ward and seized it. It was the first
violent action into which he had ever
seen her betrayed. He looked in sur
prise Into her flushed and alarmed face.
"Why not? Why not destroy every
thing that could connect you with such
a past?" he said, almost angrily.
She hesitated, smoothing out the
paper with trembling hands. Then she
said falteringly:
"I don't know— but— but— he was her
father," Indicating the sleeping baby.
"I was married to'him all right." .
He understood the instinct that made
her wish to keep the paper a» a record
of her child's legitimacy, and made no
further comment. '* •
The next morning at dawn he started
for his long a walk Into Hangtown, tak
ing with him all the dust he had accu
mulated since Fletcher's departure. He
was absent till the afternoon of the
following day, when he reappeared
leading a small pack mule, laden with
supplies, among which were several ar
ticles of dress for Lucy and the baby,
so that they might make a fitting ap
pearance when they rode into camp for
the wedding. Lucy was overjoyed at
her finery, and arrayed In it looked so
pretty and so girlish that Moreau, for
the first time since the scene by the
creek, took her in his arms and kissed
her. It was the kiss of the bridegroom
and the master.
The next morning when she woke the
cabin was curiously dark. Going to the
door to open it, she found it resisted,
and went to the window. The world
was wrapped in a blinding fall of snow.
When Moreau came In for breakfast, he
reported a blizzard outside. The cold
was intense, the wind high, and the
snow so fine and so torn by the gale
that It was like a mist of whiteness en
veloping the cabin. Already it was
piled high about the walls and had to
be shoveled from the door to permit of
Its opening. Fortunately they had col
lected a large amount of fire wood
which was piled in the ' brush shed in
which the man lived. Duringthemorn
ing Moreau took the animals from their
shelter and stabled them in his. There
was fodder for them and a bed of
leaves, and the heat of the chimney
warmed the fragile hut.
All day the storm raged, and In the
evening, as he and Lucy sat before the
fire, they could hear the turmoil of the
tempest outside, moaning through, the
ranks of the sentinel, pines. They were
silent, listening to this shouting of the
unloosed elements, and feeling an in
describably sweet sense of home and
shelter in their rugged cabin and each
other's society. ,.';!;;
The storm was one of those unex
pected blizzards which sometimes visit
the Sierras in the early winter. "With
brief Intervals . of sunshine, the snow
fell oft and on for nearly a month.
Moreau had. to exercise almost super
human effort to keep the cabin from be
ing burled, and, as it was, the drifts
nearly covered, the window. It was im-
Twisting tho Papers in
x His Hands, -He Sat
Moodily Eyeing:
ithc Fire.
possible to travel any distance, as the
snow was c-f a fine, feathery texture
which did not pack tight, and into
which the wanderer sank to the arm
pits. Fortunately the last trip into
Hangtown had stocked the cabin well
with provisions. No cares menaced its
inmates, who, warm and happy in the
vast snow-buried solitudes of the
mountains, led an enchanted existence,
forgetting and forgotten by the world.
When the storm ended the miner at
tempted to get into the settlements
with the mule. But the beast, ex
hausted by the insufficient food, as the
best part of the fodder had to be given
to the cow, fell by the way, dying In
one of the drifts. This seemed to sever
their last link with the world. Nature
had drawn an unbroken circle of, lone
liness around them^ Under its spell
they were drawn closer together till
their. lives merged— the primitive man
and woman living for and by love in
the primitive wilderness.
So the enchanted winter passed. The
man, at intervals, making his way into
the settlements for food and the few
articles of clothing that they needed. It
was a terrible winter, nearly as fierce
as that of '46, but between the storms
Moreau fitfully worked the stream, ob
taining: enough dust to pay for their
provisions. The outside world seemed
to fade from their lives, which were
bounded by the walls of the cabin.
Here, In the long fire-lit evenings, Mo
reau read to Lucy, taught her from his
few books, strove to develop the mind
that misfortune had almost crushed.
She. responded to his teachings with the
quickness of love. Without much men
tal ability she Improved because she
lived only for what he desired. She
smoothed the roughness of her speech
and studied to correct her grammati
cal errors. She made him set her little
tasks such as a child studies, and in the
evenings he watched her with surrepti
tious amusement, as she conned over
her" spelling, or traced letters In her
copy-book. She wa3 passionately desir
ous of being worthy, of him.. and of
leaving her old chrysalis behind her
when she Issued from the cabin.
This was not to be until the early
spring. It was nearly six months from
the jj time the emigrant wagon had
stopped at his. door, that Moreau, hav
ing accumulated' enough dust to buy
another mule and another outfit—took
Lucy and. the child into Hangtown for
the marriage. This ceremony, about
which in the beginning she had been
somewhat apathetic, she now earnestly
desired. It was accomplished without
publicity or difficulty, Lucy assuming
her maiden name of Fraser, and pos
ing as a young widow. In the after
noon they started back for the cabin,
Moreau on foot, with his wife and baby
on the mule. They had decided to stay
by their claim during the spring and
early summer when the streams were
high.
ThU3 the spring passed and the sum
mer came. During this season Lucy.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
OOeOQSdG<»S8®e98OQOeOOOO$OOOOOeO0OO89OOdOOOO
© . .-*
© /&$$&&!k 8!fif)in • • •
g fuHRtaH vjuuu • • •
f Morning!
1 ' Your Ear, Please,
I m ust fo r a Moment
g % %^lM Here are some LADIES* PETTICOATS
® ffi0£si&&&i *^ at y° u W^ nOt k* °k' e to AGAIN
O r*^fe^^^ at suc^ ' ow pr * CM M these : : ! :
® lii^^'SSplliS'k I.ADIES' PETTICOATS — Mada of ex-
© VgttTi tra neav y fast black near silk, trimmed
© ilv 1^^™ with a wide umbrella flounce and three
& l^Ss £f *^»Sei silk feather-stitched ruffles and finished
A w\^J^^SV with three bias folds of tailor-stitchM
S \%fe-^36^i^CTgk. bands, fitted tops, Eenerously made but
O three tailor-stitched bands
A I.ADIES' PETTICOAT— Made Of LADIES' PETTICOAT— Mad^ of
a fast black twilled India sateen, XX fast black Italian cloth; made
«& trimmed with a 14-lnrh umbrella wlth a dee P bounce and trimmed
O trimmed witn a 14-inch umbrella Jh feather . st jtched ruffles and
© flounce and finished with three small tmished with three rows of wide
• tucked rullles. also dust ruffle; snug tailor-stitched bands; tailor-made
O fitting at* the hips. If you paid top so as to lit snugly over the h!ps;
© double you could not equal these at only to be had at the price cutter's
q this low price SI. 00 for this price 81. o(>
*3 * *""~ J * H Jk 4*fc i H JVh £\ tf% M ■[% <\ cM {Atf
© X.ACXES' PETTICOATS— Made of fast R if £1 KliRPliilHSU
O black French sateen, trimmed with a J?UU iftUUUllUUStLI
% ] 5-inch flounce, also with a ruffle trim- • W*
• ""Si wlt ? open-yo* hemstitch, finished T /, e Money-Soring Store.
2 with a dust ruffle and three rows of ' *
*? tailor-stitched bands, with a tight-fitting of c. MavTta* Qf
• tailor-made top; fit and hang as they OIO iYloTKei Ol.
• should. Wholesaler's price $24.00 a 11 A»r .... n Ct
• dozen. No * middleman's profit here. We II V r<UT6il Ol.
• make " them ourselves, hence the low • •
O price, SI. SO MAH, OSDESS SOUCmQD.
for the first time, saw the most lovely
of Callfornian wild flowers, the mari
posa lily, a.»d called her baby after It.
As time went on and no other child was
born, Moreau came to regard the little
Marlposa as mere and more hla own.
His affection for her became a paternal
passion. It was decided between him
self and Lucy that she should never
know the secret of her parentage, but
be called by his name and be brought
up as his child. As the happiness of the
union grew in d*»nth and strength both
the man and woman desired more ar
dently to forget beyond all recall tha
terrible past from which she had en
tered his life. It grew to be a subject
to which ile-reau could bear no allu
sion, and their life was purposely quiet
and secluded, for fear of a chance en
counter with some disturbing reminder.
So the time pa.-s-'d. In the course of
the next few years aioreau moved from
the smaller camps into Sacramento.
Though a man of little commercial
ability, he v.as always able. In those
halcyon day?, to make a good living for
the woman and child to whom he had
given his life. Years of prosperity
marie it possible to give to Mariposa
every educational advantage the period
and town offered. The child showed
musical talent, and for th develop
ment of this he wag keenly ambitious.
Across their tranquil life, now and
then, came a lurid gleam from the ca
reer of the man who was Lncy Mnreau'3
lawful husband. Jake Shackleton was
soon a marked figure In the new State.
But his rise to sensational fortune be
gan with the booming days of the Corn
stock. Then his star rose blazing above
the horizon. He was one of the origi
nal exploiters of the great lode and- was
one of those who owned that solid cone
of silver which has gone down to his
tory as the Reydcl Monte. Ten years
from his entrance into the State he was
a rich man. In twenty, he was one of
that group of millionaires, whose
names were sounded from end to end of
an astonished country.
A quarter of a century from the tim«
when he had crossed the desert in an
emigrant wagon, with his two wives,
he read in the paper he had recently
bought as an occupation and invest
ment, a notice of the death of Daniel
Moreau in Santa Barbara. It was
brief, as befitted a pioneer who had
gunk so completely out of sight and
memory, leaving neither vast wealth
nor picturesque record. The para
graph stated that "the pioneer devoted
wife and daughter attended his last
hours, which were tranquil and free
from pain. It is understood that the
deceased leaves but little fortune, hav
ing during the last two nr three years
been incapacitated for work by enfee
bled health."
CHAPTER I.
Mast thou found me. O mine enemies? — Kings.
Four months after the death of Dan
Moreau his adopted daughter. Mari
posa, sat at the piano. In a small cot
tage on Pine street, in San Francisco,
singing. Her performance was less me
lodious than remarkable, for she wa3
engaged in "trying her voice." This
was Marlposa's greatest claim to dis
tinction, and, she hoped, to fortune.
With It she dreamed of conquering
fame and bringing riches to her mother
and herself.
She was so far from either of these
goals that she permitted herself to
speculate on them as one does on im
possible glories. The merits of her
voice were as unknown In San Fran
cisco as she was. Its cultivation had
been a short and exciting episode, re
linquished for lack of means. Now It
was not only given up. but Mariposa
was teaching piano herself, and wa3
feverishly exalted when, the week be
fore, her three pupils had been aug
mented by a fourth. Four pupils, at
fifty cents a lesson, brought in $4 a
week— $16 a month.
"If I make $16 a month after four
months' work," Mariposa had said tr>
her mother, on the acquisition of thi3
fourth pupil, "then in one year I ought
to make $32 a month. Don't you think
that's a reasonable way of reckoning?'*
From which It will be seen that Mari
posa was not only young in years, but
a novice at the work of wage-earning.
She was in reality 1Z years of age. but
passed as. and believed herself to be 24.
She had de'veloped Into one of those
lordly women, stately of carriage, wide
of shoulder and deep of breast, that
California grows so triumphantly.
Continued Next Sunday.
56
THE WEAKNESS
OF AN
AMAZON
(Copyright. 1904, by K. M. Whltehead.)
r.~*-!T3- "8 *-^*kD you object to
v^xtfjy^wi'yjjj telling me your rea
'/■R*4/d*^tf>n son for wantin s t0
f JtStflraf^^fiL ssked in an affgres
' ' KQyS&^Sfj y g sive 1<>ne that quav
ue53&Ba]BEE^s2Ba ered into pathos be
fore the sentence was completed.
Su< h an unexpected answer caused
Bernard to rise from his chair some
two or three inches before he remem
bered that it is the unexpected that
always happens. He sat down care
fully, having achieved a calm that Im
plied that hers was the generally rec
ognized method of answering a pro
posal.
"Why — er — for the same reason that
other men have asked you to marry
PURSUING AN IDEAL MAN
|v -- V_ _, — V-^-d HEY were discussing
Jl^JSswf^B? the wedding.
• \i'M\J : ' "'Didn't Tillie look
' tr^ heavenly"?" cried the
i *v*D!rSjP f^~Q) Rlrl who wrole stor "
Ujm^\\ i> ■! !■!«■ J8 "Very sweet, said
the school teacher.
"And subdued," added the editor,
laughing.
"No one says anything about the
groom's appearance — or mine," grum
bled the "best man." "and I came all
the way from Nebraska Just for this
vedding."
"You looked quite like a Bostonian,
I assure you," said the girl with the
■ vio-Un. consolingly.
"As for Mr. Adams, he looked Just as
he always does— all bones and brains,"
asserted the schoolteacher. "I admire
that type immensely."
The Westerner was not tall and was
somewhat inclined to stoutness.
"My cousin Abe is an undeniably
brainy man," he retorted, "but believe
me. Miss Selwyn, some slight cover
ing of adipose tissue over the bones is
not incompatible with intellectuality."
"Do you return to Nebraska at once,
Mr. Converse?" interposed the artist.
paciScaliy.
"1 did intend to leave Boston to
night, but I have found that my ranch
needs a mistress. I shall remain a week
longer and hope to persuade some one
tu zu with me."
The words were uttered laughingly,
but there was a significant look in the
keen, gray eyes that betrayed his earn
estness of purpose. There were vary
ing exclamations of surprise from six
of his hearers. The seventh remained
scornfully silent. The others looked
from one to another questloningly.
When eight young- women have lived
together for a year, and one.. of .the
number has -just departed with the
blessing of the pastor and the shower
of rice devised by satan, It is not un-
r.aturq) for the others to wonder ."Who .
aextr-r
them, I suppose — because I care more
for you than for any one else."
"The others," she said slowly, "have
had various motives. There haven't
been so very many," she added, as if
constrained to be honest. ,'-
fiave known you fa> short" a time
J^ould not be aware of that. I should
never have believed it without your
assurance."
The hardness of her face relaxed
slightly. "You are the fourth," she
said shortly.
"Will you tell me why the other
three failed?" softly.
Sh^ leaned back in the Morris chair
and grasped its arms- with a nervous
awkward movement. Bernard noticed
By OOio B. Seraga
"You promised to show me the beau
ties of the library. Miss Selwyn," said
Converse, turning to the silent one;
"can we go to-morrow?"
"After 1 o'clock," she replied, quiet
ly, but her dark eyes met his with a
look of understanding and defiance, "If
you will wait until the next day, Satur
day — "
"We will go to-morrow," he de
cided quickly.
"How can you spare the time for
Bight-seeing, Mr. Converse?" queried
the artist, teasingly. "I should think
you would want every hour of the
week for your wooing."
"I shall waste no time in my sight
seeing," returned Converse, with
marked emphasis, "and you must un
derstand that a western wooing is less
deliberate than is usually considered
necessary in New England. There are
no 'superfluous women* in Nebraska,
and with us it's a case of 'learn your
fate at once and get out of the way to
make room for the next man.' "
- "So these are the famous paintings
of Puvis de Chavannes," remarked
Convers'e the next day, bestowing a
very hasty glance at the mural dec
orations at the public library- "They
are doubtless all that you have said, of
them, Eleanor, but they really have
*little interest for me Just now. I want
to talk with- you. You are disappointed
in me, Eleanor-^"
Miss Selwyn's pale face pushed pain
fully.
"It was very good of you, Dick, to
keep the secret. I have, never told the
others that I knew you before you
went west, or of our silly correspond
ence — "
.."I don't call it silly," he said, stout
ly, "the only foolish thing about it Is
that I did not come for you long ago.
You were only fifteen when I left Ver
mont. That is fifteen years ago and—"
"Heavens!" she cried, hastily,, '.'don't
remind me of my age!. An old maid
school teacher— I suppose you're think
ing." . WMBBjBBBSBjjPWJHfffP
"Nothing of the kind. I was about
the strong- white hands, larger than
his by far.
"Do men ever love a woman that
weighs one hundred and ninety-five
pounds?" she asked bitterly. ' .*.■■:
"I have known one man that accom
plished the feat," he smiled in her eyes
encouragingly.
"One couldn't feel an inclination to
hold a hand 'of that size. It's uncom
fortable in a s'x and three-quarter
glove." She held the offending.mem
ber before him as if she could cheer
fully have amputated the left one
and have overtaken the right with a
similar fate before they communicated
to each other any knowledge of their
various doings.
to say that in all those years I have
never seen any one who made me for
get you, Eleanor. If only you felt the
same toward me — "
"But I don't, Dick," deprecatlngly,
"you — you have changed."
"Not in my heart, Eleanor."
She opened a small portfolio, and took
out a faded photograph. "See, Dick,
this is the man I love."
He looked at it curiously and laughed
softly.
"The boy, you mean. I must have
been about twenty then. Pretty, ' little
fellow, wasn't I? Aren't those curling
locks poetical?" /.'
She put the picture away hastily.
"You had the soul of a poet then,"
she cried, resentfully.
"That Is twenty years ago, Eleanor,
and I've had some hard battles with
the world since then. The poetry Ys
pretty, well battered out of me, I con
fess; but you might go home with me
and. put some poetry, into my life once
more."
"It couldn't be, Dick— you are too—
tco— "
"Say it, Eleanor— too fat, I suppose
you mean." .
"Not exactly," desperately, "but you
are too prosperous, and too well-satis
fied."
"I admit the prosperity, and I have
no reason to be dissatisfied. . I really
thought, 'until I saw you again,. that I
needed nothing* more to make my life
full and complete. Now, I want you."
.Every afternoon and evening for the
next four days he pleaded, demanded,
argued — but to no avail.- She admitted
that she cared for no one else, con
fessed that she was tired— desperately
tired — of teaching, but she was loyal
to her girlhood's Ideal, and he was not
the realization of .that ideal.
When she ' reached . . the '. house .': on
Wednesday afternoon. she found In her
rooni a box of violets and a note from
Converse." -
"I give it upi' Eleanor— I was stupid
ly presumptuous to think you could
care for a fat, bald-headed ruffian like
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
"The man I mentioned feels a trou
blesome inclination to hold that very
hand." he laughed.
"You are old enough to have ac
quired better taste," she retorted cen
soriously, "How old are you, by the
way?"
"Born exactly forty-nine years and
three months ago."' ; ■ .
"I,. don't object. to ; -J.haW leniently:";
"It makes me feel ' somewhat better, *L
think. A woman of thirty-five likes to
feel young, even by comparison.", jj
"I'm sure I'll never object to com
parisons in our family. If it pleases
you, we'll turn down Mr. Shakes
peare's opinion concerning them."
"In all my thirty-five years — " she
began.
"You seem proud to enumerate them.
You might knock off five without any
one suspecting." eying her with the
air. of an expeiT.
"Simple honesty shouldn't be caught
embezzling," she smiled, with a sense
of good comradeship, her hands relax
ed from their grip on the chair and fell
more, comfortably upon her lap.
"Didn't the other three think it
would be rather nice?" He looked
meaningly at the hand nearest him.
"I don't [think 1 anybody ever wanted
to," she answered simply. "I look too
much like the sturdy oak. and have
received none of the tenderness that
falls to the lot of clinging vines. Of
course there are storms from which the
oak-might like to be sheltered. I don't
like my masculine manner, I hate it,"
vehemently, "but It Rives a better ef
fect than if I tried to be kittenish. A
hundred and ninety-five pound kitten
me.. I cannot see you- again. It all
means too much to me — and too little
to you. I leave on the 3:30 train.
"Think of .me kindly ami wear the
violets a little while to-night for the
sake of old times. Their perfume re
minds me of the days when together
we hunted for. them in the woods at
old Hill Side. Happy days, those —
when. the poetry of life was still mine,
and the love of my little sweetheart —
Good-by, Eleanor, . DICK."
The- 3:30 train! It was now 2:45.
Oh, why had she waited to show those
horird boys about the geometry les
son? Why didn't she came directly
home?, •';♦>.'
No one would have recognized the
dignified - Miss Selwyn in the excited
girl, with flying and flushed cheeks,
who ran rapidly down, the stairs from
the -elevated and rushed through the
station,, dexterously dodging through
the crowd and making her way to the
farther tracks.
, "The 3:30 train!" she gasped, paus
ing before the tall guard at the gate.
."Just gone, madam; it is too
bad- -'•
She did not wait .to hear his cour
teous condolences. She flew to the
information bureau.
"Where is the. first stop— this 3:30
.train— going west?" she panted.
"Trinity Place," mechanically; "leav
ing there now— stops on signal at South
Framingham— next regular stop at
Worcester."
, Trinity Place ! . Hardly a block from
home.-. If she had only known!
A dispatch for Richard Converse was
carried into the drawing- room' car
when the. train reached Worcester"
Passengers on the next train from
Worcester to Boston might have • won
dered at the protracted study arid the
tender touches given to a slip of yellow
paper by. a man no longer young and
somewhat , inclined to stoutness, and a
peep ' over his shoulder at " t the yellow
slip would riot have enlightened thexri..
"Comeback. I have buried the, ideal."
He read the line over and over again.
. "God j" bless i, her," . "he/- murmured
huskily. ' "I'll * do my ' best " to resur
recVlL"' '
would run such a serious risk of being
mistaken for a giddy elephant."
• "Precisely," he agreed.
"But even a feminine elephant might
long to be admired occasionally, and
—loved."
'"Didn't the. other 'three ever—" he
gently stroked the firm, white hand.
"They didn't want to,", she blushed
•furiously. . ' >;
"But why, then-—" he commenced.
"Oh — one of them was a .widower
and said it was so^jexpensive having
all the sewing done"but for four chil
dren,". ~.*vr V .
He frov.ncd .sympathetically.
"The second . wanted a partner to
help run a boarding school."
He nodded. y
_ "The third was a preacher, /and
thought it was not good for man to
live alone. - lie didn't seem to think
dyspeptic, tendencies and an insuffi
cient, income, obstacles to prevent his
finding a companion with all ease. In
fav:t, his manner was full of assurance
that I would jump at the chance.
None of them, nobody in all my life
ever really cared for -me; they only
wanted me. to help them do- some
thing."
- Her eyes were full of tears. "I
would like some one to love me as
they do the pretty little woman. I
am just as affectionate and tender
hearted as if I were little and dainty,"
her lip quivered, "and — I want — -to be
loved — and to be — like them." She
covered her face with her hnnds.
He sat down on the arm of the Mor
ris chair with an air that was joyous
and youthful.
"Dear little" woman," he said, ignor
ing the fact that the shoulders shaken
by sobs were broad as his own, "the
other three needed killing. I would love
to. slay them for you, one by one, but,
unfortunately, there is a law against
it. > ,1 will content myself rejoicing that
their lack of appreciation left a chance
for the fourth one." He smoothed the
hair gently from her forehead. "The
fourth man loves you," he said, with a
simplicity of words strong in feeling.
She slowly raised her head and
.looked In his face. In her eyes .was
shining the same expression that men
have often seen in the eyes of those
more favored women she envied. The
Amazon sank into insignificance, the
woman came into her own triumph
antly.
"Sweetheart!" he said.
POLLY'S MANEUVERING
(Copyright. 10GJ. py Martha McCulloch Wil
liams.) :<- t y
i , V j^^K NAP was in full
Jj^S^r 5 Cj^. blas^t when Jack
- \^/£\^V^j/^?& Jimmerson got to
tlie Kxum P artv - ll
\^"~°2r was a play, party—
■i in ..I -jk™*^-* strictly. Pa Exum
p?|5^}K^?>^SSp^ thought dancing
''- ---Sj^v^afc tne c hief snare of
the evil one — and
the stout and hearty young folk simply
could not keep still through a whole
long evening. Notwithstanding, it had
not been easy to get the playing start
ed. Snap was useful for starting— it re
. quired, you soe, so few extra bold spir
its. In playing it a man and woman
held hands, facing each other, thus
forming something that could be run
around. Another man ran around them
once, twice, thrice, • then snapped im
perative fingers at some seated damsel,
who, as in duty bound, came out on
the floor and began chasing him round
and round the standing couple.. Quarry
and hunter were privileged to dodge
r underneath the clasped hands if there
by they gained safety or advantage
privileged also to lay hold violently on
the standers to save themselves from
falling in the whirling rush. The first
snapper, once he was caught, took the
place of the man standing up. Then
the girl he had snapped snapped out
somebody else to pursue her, and when
captured became likewise part of the
central group, known technically as
" This explanation is necessary If one
would understand why Jack Jimmer
son was so wildly angry the minute he
came in. ' There was his sweetheart,
Ellie Andrews, scuffling boisterously
about, turning, twisting.' doubling,
dodging, now falling to her knees, now
springing agilely aside, \ with young
Tom Wilson, of all ; men, in the very
hottest pursuit. Plainly she had
'snapped' him out— plainly also there
was ground for the significant looks,
and whispers behind the hand, plenti
ful all through the room. It was part
of, the game to * consider that a. man
snapped out^ thus was specially fav- -
ored by the snapper. _. And. Ellie had
all along laughed at Tom—pretend
ing to Jack she wouM have nothing io
say. to -him if he did not have a big
river bottom farm, to say nothing of
money in two. banks and expectations
from his tough old grandfather.
Jack also had a farm— upland; rich
and in good heart, ■ but ther« was his
mother to look out for, and his blind
1 eister. -" He could ' never think ' of put-
HIS LORDSHIP
AND MILADY
By Espes Wiiatlforop Sargent
i • 1 IS Lordship was a
ft t£rra>T~in SOGl1 POrt in nls v/av
r] Kw & Ri He was great at golf,
I'i rffiS" BJ could ride and knew
t-l ru C »1 I'M now to handle a
Kj Brna MB yacht. And he was
! g_ _"-'■*? ' not one of the sort
that comes over here
merely to marry the richest girl who is
willing to havf him. ; ; /,
"My Lady" is Grace Ormonde. I
don't know who first called her that,
but she had all the airs and graces of
the lady of the manor. All of us
called hw,"My Lady," but the posses
sive case appealed particularly to me.
I wanted to make her "My Lady" in
fact, as, in truth, she had been ever
since the day when, as a boy in my
first long trousers, I awoke to a realiza
tion that Grace was the nicest girl I
knew.
Everv one used to. laugh at us when
we both were children, because old
Mrs. Ormonde, Grace's grandmother,
approved the match. As the old lady
had the money, the rest all approved
of what she approved. Then she went
away; just about that time the poor
old pater lost his money in the Nine
. teenth National crush, and Mr. Or
monde had a little chat with me about
what he called our "childish Infatua
tion." .
He was proud, he said, to know that
his old friend (that was poor Dad)
was willing to sacrifice his private for
tune because the bank had been
wrecked while he was Its president. But
I must see that it was impossible that
— er -
I assured him that I did see, before
he had had a chance to find a nice
sounding word to replace the "er," and
I went down to the bank and rode
home with dad, prouder than ever that
he hadn't made money his fetich.
Then I had a chance to make some
money. Poor father did not long sur
vive the bank crash. He wasn't re
sponsible, but somehow he seemed to
feel that it was a disgrace. Mother
had some money, and I got a chance,
with Bert Taylor, on a patent that in
a few years will make us more than
merely rich. It was hard work at first,
but we hustled like ten-dollar-a-week
men, and now we are pretty well along.
. As soon as I could see things clear,
I put my pride in my. pocket and went
to ol i man Ormonde. I told him that
I was going to make a pile for myself
and asked him if he would hold the
other fellows" off for a couple of years.
He was awfully nice about It. with
that greasy kind of niceness that keeps
you from kicking a man when you
want to most. He reeled out a lot of
talk about his duty toward his daugh
ter (as though her happiness should
not be the first consideration), and ex
plained that a gentleman he had met
in England was just then on his way
to press his suit. From the way he
rolled the name. Lord Lancaster, un
der his toncue, I could see it was the
title he was after. I went out of the
room with black rage in my heart, and
the bitter memory of things I had said
to a man old enough to be my father.
If there ever was a man I wanted to
hate— after Ormonde, of course— it was
Lancaster. But after I had met him I
By M. M. Williams
ting them off by themselves, and he
knew it was asking a lot of a hand
some and imperious'girl to live in the
house with them and accommodate
her ways to theirs. So, though he had
an understanding with Ellie, there
was -no set engagement. He had let
her know how-he found himself held
and hampered, and was waiting for
her to study out the problem. She
had known that he loved her ever
since she was out of short frocks.
"Jack, I reckon you'll get a mitten,
may be a pair of 'em— for Christmas,"
Polly Exum said in his ear, as he shook
hands. Polly was a bouncing flaxen
beauty, always laughing, with the
kindest heart in the world, and the
most reckless tongue. ; She made no
bones of letting it be known that she
"loved Jack Jimmerson better'n pie"—
also that it was quite a hopeless love
so long as Ellie Andrews was single.
"I'll git over It and marry somebody —
a preacher, may be," she said to Jack
himself. Therefore . his conscience
was quite easy regarding her, al
though it often seemed to him matri
monial providence had made a big mis
take. Why did not Polly— pretty,
laughing Polly— love the rich Tom
Wilson? Why, also, did not Tom Wil
son yearn to bestow himself and his
belongings on her, rather than on El
lie? But he kept his speculations to
himself, and answered, squeezing Pol
ly's hand hard: "Why, who has cut
me out with you. Polly? I never
thought you'd go back on a fellow this
fashion!"
He tried to speak reproachfully, but
wrath got the mastery. Polly giggled
comprehendingly. "You know what I
meant." she said. Then with a little
toss of her head, "There! Tom's done
catched Ellie. He'll snap me dead sure
—and I'll snap you. That'll give you a
chance — If you ain't too bashful to
use it." . . .
True enough, Tom did snap her —
she was off like a shot, weaving away
after him, nimble, supple, light
footed for all her Hundred and seventy
pounds/ She was a fine figure, tall,
lithe, perfectly proportioned, and
strong , enough to hold her own with
half the men in the county. Tom ran
away from her . manfully, but in a
wink. she had him fast. He was half
a head lower than she — wherefore
she looked 'down >t him captive with
twinkling eyes. "You; all ain't playin*
the strength' of the game." she said,
smiling wickedly. "Over the river
they do it b«tter — there it's catch and
kiss." :
Surttng deed .tojwor.d^jhe.f^ve Tpm
simply couldn't. He was one of those
clean-built, hearty English chaps in
whom good breeding is a habit and
cordiality a second nature.
Even "My Lady" Hkqd him, though
she knew why he had come. Lancas
ter had been attracted by her picture
when he had seen it on the old man's
dressing taWe at some house party in
England. When he saw her in all her
girlish charm, he was determined tc
marry her.
The formal announcement was to be
made at the end of the Newport season.
Then the Ormondes Issued cards for a
dinner to celebrate their victory over
a woman's heart. It was to be a big
event, and I was among the very few
wot invited either to the dinner or the
ball to follow.
I met "My Lady" down on the rocks
the afternoon of the dinner.
We sat silent for a long time, . "My
Lady" and I, when who should coma
along the beach but his Lordship. "My
Lady" had been crying and Lancaster
was up in arms on the instant. He was
not a very quick thinker in some ways
and he got an idea that I was responsi
ble for the tears. That made me lose
my head, and before I knew what I
was doing I had let the whole truth out.
I didn't mince my words. They Just
came out in a torrent and I am afraid
that I was pretty plain spoken. I
shouldn't have blamed him if he had
knocked me down. Instead, he simply
stood there, his fine face growing as
gray as the mist that veiled the sea.
All of a sudden I realized what I bad
done and turned silent as suddenly as
I had commenced.
His Lordship made no answer to mm
but turned to "Aly Lady."
"Is it true, Miss Ormonde?" he asked
gently.
"My Lady" was crying harder than
ever now ; but she bowed her head. H«
took her hand. "Believe me," he said,
"I had no idea. Tour father assured m«
that there were no entanglements and
that you really loved me. It Is unfor
tunate that I should have fallen so
deeply in love with you before I dis
covered the truth, still. I do not know
that I am altogether sorry. It has
been a fool's paradise, perhaps, but it
is well to have loved one so.well worthy
of being loved.
"As for you," and he turned to me,
"I can only say that I like a game man
— and you were game. For the rest,**,
he shrugged his shoulders. "If yoa*
anticipate trouble with Mr. Ormonde*,.,
there is my yacht. If there are any
complications about license in this
State the sailing master will take you|
out beyond the three-mile limit, and^
Bronson, whom you'll probably find in, 9
my den, i3 a regularly ordained Church
of England minister."
He walked down to the landing place
to see us off and give his orders to the
sailing master. He shook hands with
me, then turned and kissed "My Lady"
full on the lips. *
"God bless you." he said, "and make
you haDpy." Ther^he turned on his
heel and strode oft toward the house.
It was he who made the announce
ment of our marriage, to the dinner
guests. It was the bravest thing I ever
heard of, but blood will tell and his an
cestors fought for the Stuarts.
a resounding smack, then shoved him
forward, blushing furiously, to take
hands with Ellie. Ellie had laughed
with all the rest rejoicingly, though.
that her turn had come before this
innovation. . The rejoicing was, how
ever, premature. True to her word,
Polly snapped out Jack, and when he
had duly caught, kissed and passed
her on he called Ellie again to ths
floor. She shook her head and tried
to sit still, but there was such uproar
round about she got up and began ths
chase. It was a half-hearted pursuit
at first. Jack was evidently in llttls
danger. But when he rashly leaned
across the linked hands and blew a
kiss In her eyes she could do no less
than slip underneath and try to seiz*
him — but only in time- to see him
whisk to the other side. Then, enter
ing a little into the spirit of the cross
purposes she knew lay back of the
game, she began to chase in good
sooth— one that lasted five long min
utes and ended only when, breathless
and panting, she stopped still and
found her quarry run fairly into her
hands.
"Jack, I always knowed she'd run
ye down at last. Make her kiss, ye to
bind the bargain," Polly said joyously,
loosing one hand. Then, to her part
ner she added coyly: "I don't know
what's to become o* us two — unless w»
can take each other sorter for con
solation."-
"Why — why — Miss Polly — I hadn't
never thought o* hit — but it might an
swer right down well," Tom said awk
wardly, yet trying to be gay and airy.
Jack stood facing Ellie with folded
hands and downcast eyes, the moral
and pattern of modest confusion, with
yet tell-tale quivers at the corners of
the mouth. After a second or two of
waiting he said plaintively: "Miss
Polly, Ellie don't play fair. What
shall I do about it?"
"I reckon you had better marry her
— jest try to." Polly retorted, and
Ellie, the high-strung, the coquettish,
after one glance into Jack's illumined
face, whispered very softly, "I reckon
• • •
They were married the next year —
but not until Tom Wilson had carried
Polly off to the river bottom farm.
There she proved herself still more a
friend to the lovers by • stirring up
Grandfather Wilson to court and
marry Widow Jimmerson. Blind Har
riet, of course, went along with her
mother and became .so great a fa
vorite with grandfather he never rest
ed until she agreed to let the doctors
and the big hospital give her back
some measure of sight — a. thing Jack
had urged all along, but for which she
had never found courage.
"And only think — it all comes out
of a game of snap," Ellie said to her
new husband a month after the lnfare.
"Polly doesn't look the least like a
guardian angel — but she has been bet
ter than one to all. of us."WRiTES
Life ct Jeremy Taylor.
p T''\T rvil days, are these that
l/t/ v e modems have fallen up;>n
/Y : ' (1 «**t a I^c2tir.3 have we
that -.vt- IlrcW r.ol. a.'A of us,
Luiu.es cf classical urose. Trui
tfhuiti* 'mitted. how- many aro
th<rs f ;he leaders of to-Jay who
k* '■ h<> J-reir.y Taylor was; or
ivh<;h*T he wrote "•Jloly Livir.rr" and
•Hi... liylntT, or "Ships That Pass Jn
ihi Xigh;"? Yet he ne3ds not th*
eu'.sjr,>' (,t Td'nur.d Gosre, Just putt-
Itehyd. ;., male his name the brighttr
Ut ih. ■>•«:■ faw v.hi have known the jay
if fiivpTUCJ p. l)i,-j volume on kne-« and
*lr!; k'ns In the stately rolling period.?
of his pn ??. W> n.ay not bend lm-
P-it:t!y to h'.s scheme of theology-, but
It is our boon to gather from his rare
o-d sermons \hn beauties thnt appeal
to ihe ear —the rhythm and the beat of
his Kdrpasslqs word building:. "
: Since 'Joleridgp wrote his critique
upon thr old chun-hroan there has been.
t.o attempt at a biography or an appre
ciation en worthy as this, patient and
subdued \\<jrk of Edmund Gosse's. It
*'S as if the living man of letters had
made of himself a Boswell to the ehade
of Jeremy Taylor so successfully that
ftt tim~s the gentle cpfrit of the
Royalist preacher, now dead these 150
years, seems to be breathing again
through the pen of its biographer. Hl3
effort is directed more toward an ex
position of the sweet life and inspira
tions of thought which made Jeremy
Taylor what he was in the seventeenth
century than a review of the position
"which his writings hold in the world
of letters to-day. It Is more a biog
raphy of the theologian than of th
writer. Mr. Gosse finds a fertile fund
of thought In the analysis of Taylor's
mind and the moral philosophy which
emanated therefrom.
What Coleridge dwelt upon with a
somewhat morbid interest —Taylor's
very vigorous definition of future pun
ishment—Edmund Gosse very discreet
ly disregards. Even though the uncom
promising theology of the old school
of Taylor, Butler and the rest, which
limned in the Pit with definite
boundaries, has softened Its severity
Fomewhat In these laxer days, the
biographer makes statement near the
close of his work of his purpose in
steering a wide course about these
hidden reefs of controversy.
From the standpoint of literature
alone Jeremy Taylor is the most In
teresting of all the old rhetoricians
whepe pulpits were wont to ring again
oith the thunders of their logic This
is bpraure of his remarkable depth and
the sincerity of his moral sensibility.
Life is singularly close to him; it seems
to thrill him through and through with
its manifold mysteries. To this mag
r^t:< thrill Taylor responds, with
thought which for its scope and oft
times iU daring sfems to be In Invorsp
ratio to the impulse which set ;t fr»e.
For he is never man only with a defimte
view, but always the poet whose
horizon of thought is boundless.
.An (Josse truthfully points out, no
prose writer in our English literature
has been so much of the poet as Tay
lor. If poetry Is the language of the
soul and prose that of the intellect,
Jeremy Taylor in some of his grandest
flights Is nothing else but the poet.
With true poetic insight he ■ is ever
ready to clothe the thought In the
words which will best suit the harmony,
to seek out the (simplest and yet the
strongest figures by which to bring out
the thought clear cut. Like a poet, too,
the vicar of Golden Grove is ', sensitive
to the profound significance which lies
behind all life; not the theological sig
nificance is this, but the true poetic
He feels the change from life to death
■with a surprising poignancy, but it is
not a philosophical deduction which he
draws from that, but one poetic
It is Gosse's task in this biography
of his to show wherein lies the secret of
the power to produce such grandeur of
concept and beauty of diction. By a
painstaking analysis of the character of
Taylor —his innate force, his simplicity
of faith and the masterful purpose that
•was his—the biographer is able, to
picture for the first time Jeremy Tay
lor, the man.
(The Macmillan Company, New York.)
FOLK SONGS
fir)6 Eoglish Ballads.
t 4 y^">yLD - FASHIONED poetry but
| J choicely good" — that was the
V_>/ praise that Izaak Walton, the
gentle fisherman, had for the songs and
the verses of the countryside, sung at
the Maying or Harvest Home. It 13 upon
such homely poesy of the people, which
comes first and is something rudiment
ary, elemental, that the polished fab
ric of a national literature Is reared.
As the barbaric sacerdotal dance of the
Pelasgians v.as the Inspiration from
which sprung the classic Greek drama,
eo the ballads, the chanteys and the
folk ror.gs of the Englisn formed the
bsse cf all the wealth of perfect poetry
which was to come. Nor has the song
of the people passed with the full ac
complishment of our national English
literature; there remains to-day and
ever will remain the strong force of
the primitive In letters, expressing
itself through the medium of the sim
ple poems of home, of patriotism and
of love. It is with a view to bringing
all this sturdy wealth of Doric verse
ir'o a volume which shall express both
Its development and its affiliation with
historical movements and national sen
timents that Professor Charles Mills
Gayley and Professor Martin C.
Flaherty of the University of Cali
fornia ha%'e prepared the book. "Poetry
of th<» People." v'.. ">-...
In this unique compilation of verses
cf tlu- people the Joint editors have
drawn material from English. Irish.
Scotch and American folk songs, bal
lads *nd battle hymns, covering a range
v hich makes it complete. Reaching far
back into the early days of English
literature, when the poetry of the
-,r>iools was yet forming, they have
opVned their work with the rare i old
ballads of "Sir Patrick Spens, • The
PattI* of Otterbourne" and selections
from the "Gest of Robin Hood." Then
follow the stirring English battle songs
erouped according to their historical
!Ioch« and songs of sentiment from
2SaSiW».*oth of the old and latter
time. The same arrangement Is fol
lowed with Irish, Scotch and American
verse, until the latest worthy writings
of the class serve to close the volume.
To elucidate the archaic diction in some
of the older ballads and to supply a
necessary context of comment upon the
subjects of the poems and songs »-I
lected. the editors have devoted fifty
pages to glossary and notes.
In a foreword Professor Gayley has
something tcrsay about the value, here
tofore underestimated, of the study of
these pt»ems of the people. He feels
that this golden treasury of rhyme,
from all ages of the history of our Eng
lish language is a part of our literary
inheritance no less than the more class
ical works of the great poets. They
should make an appeal, he rightly be
lieves, to the simple sense of the ro
mantic, the sentimental and the patri
otic that is in us all, for poetry of this
nature Is far more the poetry of th*
heart than is that highly polished liter
ature of the intellect which we call
classics. Such verse as that which the
editors have collected has a lesson of
pure esthetic pleasure which can be
more readily felt than that derived
from the higher forms.
For those who can remember with
sorrow the agony, once endured in
school days, of committing to memory
the then unintelligible "Thanatopsts"
or of "analyzing" bit by bit '"Tintern
Abbes'," Professor Gayley would carry
a soothing balm, for he believe*; that
this "gerund-grinding", of our master
pieces by youthful minds capable
of full understanding and appreciation
is an egregious sin— as do all of us who
have passed through that fiery furnace
and Etill— marvel that it Is— have any
love . for good literature left In us.
Says Professor Gayley:
"If . this little book can contribute
somewhat toward exploding the fal
lacy that poetry is something other
than poetry — material, forsooth, for
translation, parsing, trope-hunting,
rhetorical exercises, platitudinous
preaching or anything else extraneous
to art— it' will have" accomplished at
least half the purpose of the editors.
Of course good poetry has a Jessort for
him who can feel It. Like all good
things It cannot help blessing those
who take It on faith. The favorB are
not for those who ' conquer, but for
those who surrender. The best way to
study It is not to study but to enjoy."
(Ginn & Co., Boston; price, 50 cents).
JAPANESE
System of "Jiu-Jitsu."
ALMOST every cable is humming
with accounts of the startling
agility of the Japanese in their
struggle with Russia, Even those in
Europe who are not ardent sympathiz
ers with the little brown men are
forced to applaud the lightning strokes
of their strategy and the telling blows
which they have landed upon their
ponderous adversary even before^ he
has begun to pull himself together for
the fray. This is the Japanese "Jiu
jitsu" put into practice upon a grand
scale. This i3 the direct manifestation
of a system of bodily training more
perfect than was ever taught In Doric
schools, which has been used in Nippon
for more than 2500 years for the train
ing of her warriors. To read the recent
book upon "Jiu-jitsu" from the pen of
H. Irving Hancock is at the present
time to supply, oneself with a key to the
proper understanding of the Mikado's
campaigns up to date and to an appre
ciation of the spirit which moves Ja
pan's fighting men.
Mr. Hancock says that he undertook
the task of writing "Japanese Physical
Training" in order that he might dem
onstrate why it is that the diminutive
Japanese possess the greatest endur
ance of any people upon earth, and are
likewise the strongest and happiest
men and women in the world. Besides
revealing all of the intricacies of this
unusual system of bodily culture, the
author shows how It is that the dietary
standards, the free use of water and
love of fresh air affected by the Mika
do's subjects result In their almost
perfect physique and lightness of spirit.
Without the simple rules of right living
and proper dressing followed by the
Japanese the remarkable muscular de
velopment attendant upon assiduous
practice of "jiu-jitsu" cannot be ob
tained.
One has only to read the opening
chapters of Hancock's .book to dis
cover the cause for the rapid successes
which have come to the Japanese arms.
It seems that i "Jiu-jitsu" was discov
ered and practiced by the old Samurai
or warriors of the earliest Japanese
dynasties, who occupied a position
toward the common people somewhat
similar to that of the ancient Spartans
to the helots and were of a conse
quence forced to maintain their posi
tion by strength of arms.- From that
time "Jiu-jitsu" became more and more
popular until at the present time there
are schools of the art throughout the
whole of Japan, and it is made com
pulsory in both branches of the mill-
A HALF HOUR
CHAT ABOUT
BOOKS
tary. The effects of it upon the Jap
anese army were shown In the ad
vance of the allies in China in 1900
when thev outmarched our own Amer
ican. troops by 50 per cent, and Russia
will doubtlt-Es witness such results
again and to her sorrow when serious
land operations are commenced.
Th»; grand work of "Jiu-jitsu" is
based upon a proper diet and ; the prac
tice of a perfect hydropathy. The Jap
anese believe that we meat-eaters and
full Ilver3 work our stomachs altogeth
er too much. A handful of carefully
prepared rice, some fish,' a little salad
of greens and fruits, according to their
idea, are ample to support the body and
give the greatest play to anactivcand
healthy mind. This frugal diet, coupled
with constant draughts of pure wateV
and innumerable baths, serve to bring,
the beirlr.ner in "jiu-jitsu" up. to," the'
very pink of condition. Not only that,
but the author claims that such a sys
tem admits of no pulmonary or diges-
tive disorder* and that rheumatism is
known only to the very old.
The secret of the a'ctual practices of
"jiu-jitsu" Mes in the constant appli
cation of every muscle to a hardening
and tightening process, which permits
of the greatest expenditure of force
with the least tax of energy. Muscular
development is attained throuch en
tirely different means than those em
ployed in "Western gymnasiums. All
paraphernalia is dispensed with. By
the simple orocess of the struggle be
tween two contestants, modified in va
rious forms wherein hand, grips, leg
holds and falls are the only mediums
for development utilized, a "Jiu-jitsu"
Etudent weighing 129 pounds may learn
to worst an English or American ath
lete half again as heavy. He is quick
to cause the very efforts of his oppo-'
nent to reflect back upon their source
with redoubled vigor. Ho knows how
to paralyze his adversary by a blow
with the edge of the hand so that he
may become utterly helpless. A pinch
in the muscle, a cuick trip from be
hind and the heaviest man can be put
on his back In an Instant.
As war bulletins read now it looks
as If little Japan's Bcheme for the "per
fection of the body and the alertness
of the intellect is doing all that Han
cock claims for it. One reading his
book cannot but feel that he has made
out a good case for "jiu-jitsu," and
that it might be introduced into our
own country with profit to the race.
(G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York;
illustrated.)
CORPORATIONS
Subject of Legal Tome.
VERY few additions to the science
of the'law have equaled either In
scope or Importance the remarka
bly exhaustive" work upon "Corpora
tions" which comes from the pen of
Judge Seyraore D. Thompson In the
form of volume 10 of the American Law
Book Company's Cyclopedia of Law
and Procedure. This comprehensive
study of a peculiarly knotty problem
of the law, the result of twenty years
of labor- on the part of the leading
legal author of the present dav, may
be said to be monumental both In Its
compass and in the authority which
the author's name imparts to it.
It is now about nine years since the
first volume of Judge Thompson's
"Commentaries on 'the Law of Corpo
rations" was given to the pubilc. By
that work the author, .whose fame was
already established in this country,
achieved International reputation. The
work has 'taken a high place in coun
tries where a knowledge of the lan
guage in which it is written is con
fined to the erudite. This work is now
out of print. On -this account, there
fore, the pu.blicatio ( n of the new treatise
by the same author, citing as it does
the recent cases, and tracing the later
development of the law, is a matter
which mu"st be of the greatest interest
to the profession, both here and abroad.
The spxse actually taken up by this
treatise covers 1363 pages and is equal
in. size to three ordinary volumes of
textbooks. The whole law of private
corporations having a" joint stock is
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
embraced, except that which properly
falls under the head of foreign corpo
rations and which will be treated un
der Its own title in a later volume by
the same author. •
Some idea of the exhaustlveness of
the treatment and of the carefulness
with »which the detail is . worked out
may_ be^ gathered' from the fact. that
the analysis covers 142 ' large octavo
pages. The writer has taken "whatever
space seemed to "be^ necessary : to the
full and clear statement of the law.
The note's are voluminous and include
everything useful-^ and" necessary by
why 'of explanation and '-Illustration.
The exammatlon^'or the
cited must; have Involved a tremendous
amount of -labor, since th'e, citation em
braces on a conservative estimate
about 25,000 decided cases. OwJrjS to
many recent cases In corporation litiga
tion especial interest attaches to Judge
Thompson's chapters upon "Consolida
tion or Amalgamation of Corporations,"
"Liability of Shareholders to Creditors
of Corporations." "Rights and Reme
dies of Shareholders." "Torts and
Crimes of Corporations" and "Actions
by and Against Corporations."
When the layman attempts a' review
of a work of this character, unlettered
in the law though he may be. he cannot
fail to note with wonder the remarkable
fund of knowledge' which has been
brought to bear upon its preparation.
Before such a heaping up of citations,
opinions of Judges and decrees of
courts the untutored mind shrinks and
turns back upon itself as if suddenly
brought face to* face with the revelation
of another world.
(American Lav/ Book Company. New
York; sold only with entire cyclopedia.)
REVIEWS,
In Forri) More Brief.
WE all remember that delightful
member of the trio in "Throe
Men in a Boat" who greedily de
voured the pages of doctors' books un
til he was not certain whether he was
possessed of locomc-tor ataxia or house
maid's kneo. Any one reading "The
Aristocracy of Health." by, Dr. M. F.
Henderson (femme), will be in a far
worse plight than the third man in the
boat, for if ever the sins of frail man
kind were called up to torture craven
souls with their grisly shape3 this i3
that time. All of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union lectures of ail
tlnje rolled Into one cannot begin to ap
proximate the overwhelming condem
nation of human vices which, rolls Its
sonorous message from "The Aristo
cracy of Health." : .
• "The human race is ill. The human
race is anaemic; and the world, which
Is a paradise, but by man converted
Into, a hospital,, is seen and. judged
through the eyes of the Invalid"— this;
the opening paragraph of Dr. Hender
son's book. To this cheering declara
tion Is added eftsoons, "Human life Is
but an apology, a makeshift, a com-'
promise. The decadent condition of
human life is such that some kind of a
poison habit Is supposed to be neces
sary In order to live presentably and
comfortably." "Wae's me that I should
read Dr. Mary Henderson's book and
still have a care to live," says the
trembling "drug-soaked wretch" who
hears all too late this* high clarion call
of the life beautiful.
The author prefaces her general sur
vey of the "poisons" to which human
frailty has fallen heir by defining
health. "Health," she would have it,
"Is more than mere consciousness of
the existence of one's body; it Is posi
tive pleasure in having 'a body." No
one will dispute the author upon the
profit and pleasure which comes from
the possession of those "raiments of
the bouI" which are ours, save possibly
the spiritualists. But it is when the
lady doctor launches - into the terrify
ing aspects of general unhealth that
the mlnd'of the average reader, stunned
and bewildered, follows haltingly..
TobasQO sauce, . candy, ruin, pepper,
'kerosene,' ammonia, 'tea, "old> # twist
chaw", and Vhginla plcu:ng8 t ijeer,
chloral, Wines, milk punches, yen shee
— thtHt: are poisons to which degener
ate humankind turns for sweet
nepenthe. These are the drugs which
v.ould kill a guinea pig in three
minute*, but v.hich only serve to bring
lingering decay and final sudden dis
solution to the' highest animal in the
scale. , -
"It is first to enjoy the pleasures
arising from irritation and then the
pleasures derived from ssml-paralysls
that the human race is willing to mort
gage itself— to enslave itself to a poi
son."
Scientific as all this may be it is
i:nfortunate that the subjects touched
upon in the first part of this book
have become so hackne.'ed from long
uee on the lecture platform and have,
as a consequence, become associated
to such an extent with corkscrew curls
and blue goggles that even a less
hysterical treatment of them than Dr-
Henderson's would not gain many
readers. Upon the subjects of diet, im
munity from contagion and the happi
ness which comes with a healthy body
and mind, the author has written more
rtstraincdly and, It would seem, to
better purpose.
(The Colton Publishing Company,
Washington, D. C.)
"Her Infinite Variety," by Brand
Whitlc-ck, is the first novel of the year
to be brought out by the Bobbs-Merrill
Company. It might better be called a
novelette if that word were not of
somewhat doubtful worth, for the tale
itself is not long enough to be classed
as anything but a short story and
marginal decoratlcns and copious il
lustrations by Howard Chandler
Christy have to serve as very artistic
padding in order that the-book covers
may not be too near together.
Whitlack, who will be remembered as
the author of that strong story of po
litical life, "The Thirteenth District,"
has cast this story into a political mold,
the scene being laid in the legislative
halls of Illinois' capitol. A very hand
some and rather self-important young
State Senator who wishes to bring to
the eyes of his beloved a somewhat
loftier conception of the game of poli
tics vigorously espouses the cause of
woman's* suffrage at the Legislature.
A dashing young lady attorney who Is
pushing the cause succeeds in so en
tangling the Senator in her meshes that
he Is not certain whether It Is for the
cause of many women or one that he is
working. Finally he awakens from his
dream of enthusiasm to find that he has
all the society women of Chlcago.includ
lng his own fiancee, about his ears. By
the clever manipulation of one of these
matrons the young Senator's own lady
love is the. Innocent cause fcr the loss
of the suffrage bill, but she herself Is
satisfied that her f'enator means well
at least and everything is serene.
Whitlock has not written much of a
story in "Her Infinite Variety," for at
first- blush it cannot readily be seen
to which of the ladles in the book the
"Her" refers, nor wherein lies any
infinite variety in either. It would
seem that the story was modeled after
some of Paul Ford's shorter skits, say,
"Wanted, a Matchmaker." The borders
and Christy drawings serve to carry
out the idea, but the keen-edged clever
ness of the late Ford is lacking in this
book, . .
(Bobbs- Merrill Company, Indianapo
lis.)
"The World Destroyer," a novel by
Horace Mann, is a peculiar tale. On*
reads it with gathering wonder and
not a little surprise that such a plot
;ould Bet into print and then at the
very last page the seeming Inanity of
the whole story is explained away by
a paragraph and the reader catches
himself making apology to the author
for the hard things he has thought
during earlier pages. 'The conception
of the story has the merit, of being
altogether unusual, but the author
makes the mistake of not giving the
hint of the story's. explanation earlier
than the last chapter, for it is a long
wade through the preceding ones and
some readers may not have that divine
endowment of patience. ' >
(Thn Lucas-Lincoln Company, Wash
ington. D. C.)
Laird & Lee, the school textbook pub
lishers of Chicago, have brought out
a new and abridged Webster's dic
tionary of handv desk size for school
use and ready reference. The book Is
well printed in bold type and well
bound. If there is any criticism to
be made upon it it is that the editors
have sacrificed material to the die-"
tatea of a handy volume size and that
the dictionary ia too greatly abridged.
(Laird & Lee. Chicago; price, 50c.)
BREVITIES
About tbe Authors
FOLLOWERS of Izaak Walton will
welcome a book on Putnam's new
list, entitled "The Angler's Secret."
The author is Charles Bradford, who is
already known for his earlier volumes,
"The Wild Fiower" and "The Deter
mined Angler." The latter, work,
which was called by C rover Cleveland
"the most pleasant and practical and
sensible volume I have ever seen of Its
kind," was lUvoted to brook trout only.
This' new book, which is fully illus
trated, treats of the sporting species of
both fresh and salt water fish— from the
tiny mountain trout to the mighty
striped bass of the ocean. It contains
r. full description of various tackles and
the methods of catching these fish, to
gether with notes of their habits and
habitats.
The latter part of the book considers,
rot so much the methods of actual
fish-killing as the glory of the chase—
the lovely scenery, purs air. the natural
exercise and the general exhilaration.
All these things are appreciated by the
true and chivalrous angler more than
the actual filling of the creel.
May it be taken for a good proof of
a gracious Providence watching over
literary persons that none of the three
men of letters who were shot at in
1003 wa3 even hurt? The lady who was
cruelly said to stand for the heroines of
"Lettres de Fcmmes"— a very arduous
pest-missed M. Marcel Prevost; Mr.
Kenneth Grahame's erratic assailant
suecumbed to the influence of the Bank
of England's water hose, and Dr. Max
Nordau, the fenrless champion of our
own poor country, was equally for
tunate in his escape. None the less,
this shootinz at literary persons is a
new and disquieting sign. In the case
of royalties, we have it on the au
thority of one of themselves that as
sassination is one of the perquisites of
the position. Perhaps literary persons
begin to pay the penalty of the popular
fame bestowed .by paragraphs and il
lustrated interviews.
Edgar Stanton Maclay, author of
"The History of the American Navy,"
is preparing a unique series for the
Baker & Taylor Company, which prom
ises to be of great popular. And histor
ical interest. The first volume of this
series will be "Moses Brown. Captain,
U, S. N." Not even Mr. Maclay, who
has written the most authoritative
and comprehensive history of the
United States navy, knew, of . Captain
Brown's two sensational victories over
British shins in the war of the Revo
lution. The record of these seems to
have been lest save In England, al
though Captain Brown has thousands
of. descendants who have radiated from
his Newburyport home. He was one
of the stern old privateer captains of
the Revolution, who afterward entered
the regular service, commanding the
Merrimac and conducting himself for
•many years with great valor. The gen
eral title of this series will be "Un
known Heroes of the Navy." and Mr.
Maclay promises enough of them to
startle the average student who feels
that he knows the history of the navy.
At least one of Frederick Palmer's
friends takes Issue with the "reviewers
who say that the idea of "The Vaga
bond" Is too romantic to have occurred
in real life. Certainly If any one knows
real life either at home, where the
scene of his novel is laid, or abroad. It
is Mr. Palmer himself, who, at 30, has
been in five wars, has encircled the
-world both by India and Siberia and
has roamed the length and breadth of
his own country as a correspondent.
He is now in Japan reporting a sixth
war. His method of working is to
write a month and then "loaf" a
month. It was by moving himself that
he kept hi3 hero moving so rapidly
through- the pages.
The .answer to the reviewers is that
there \va3 really such a. boy and there
Is really "such a man as the Vasrabond.
The original i3 to-day, a celebrated
mining engineer, whom | Palmer met
on a Pacific liner. .■
A correspondent of the Literary World
makes a rilea for the historical novel in
the February number. Amon~ other
well chosan arguments the writer says:
"Now it is quite true that the writers
of historical novels are not always ex
pert archaeologists, "and, so cannot be
Implicitly relied upon; but as they near.
ly always deal with periods whose his
tory Is tolerably well known to the edu
cated they are not likely to Injure them,
and as fcr the Ignorant— or, in other
word3. the average girl — they at least
learn that Queen Elizabeth and Henry
of Navarre were conteinporarles. which
Is something to the good. It Is surely
better for the fiction-devouring 'young
person' to read of gallant knights than
gilded youths: the poorest of the his
torical novels are safer companions
than 'Wooed But Not Mated', or 'Broken
Vows.' Sometimes historical novels
even lead to the reading of sober his
tory. Then, too, the historical novel
has In a measure rescued us from the
'problem novel* and the novel of char
acter dissection, which usually meant
the attributing of all actions to th»
very meanest and lowest motives."
The identity of the author of "A Key
stone of Empire" and of "The Martyr
dom of an Empress" Is the subject of
many letters that reach the Harpers,
who publish these books. In accordant
with the author's wishes her publishers
must respect her anonymity. But the
question is frequently put to them. "Is
the author's authority on these subjects
genuine? Is she really a woman of
title, who has. known the royal person
ages of whom she writes?" To this
question the publishers are fre» to re
ply. The lady has personally known
the nobility of whom she writes, and
has an intimate knowledge based upon
actual experience of the Austrian and
other courts. Though now residing in
this country, she Is still in close touch
with some of the most eminent crowned
heads of Europe.
Among books relating to the present
war in the Far East Is Archer Butler
Hulbert's romance, "The Queen of Quel
parte." a story of how Russia by in
trigue and deceit conquered Korea in
1S97 in order to have something to
throw over to Japan to keep her from
precipitating war over the announce
ment of the lease of Port Arthur. Mr.
Hulbert went to the Far East In 1897
as a representative of several Amer
ican newspapers and located in Seoul.
Korea* then, as now. the pivot in east
ern politics. He gained close and in
timate knowledge of Russian politics
and of Korean life. This knowledge ho
has Incorporated in his romantic novel,
"The Queen of Quelparte." published
by Little, Brown & Co.. Boston.
The Bookman announces an interest-
Ing. series of articles on the making of
a newspaper.. This series will describe
the lives and work of the men 'Whose
zeal and highly trained Intelligence
have brought the American newspaper
to its present state.
The first paper in'the series will deal
with "The . War Correspondent" It
will tell who the war corespondent Is.
what his qualifications are, how he
starts for Japan, or for the Balkans,
at a moment's notice, what hla equip
ment Is, how he gets the hews. of a
great battle, and, more Important Still,
how he gets the acquired news on the
wire and transmits It to his paper. It
will be a narrative teeming with the
Intimate side of great events that have
made history.
A volume of considerable importance
to students of philosophy will be pub
lished shortly by J; B. Lipplncott Com
pany under the- title. "The 'Educational
Theory of Immanuel Kant." The au
thor is Professor Edward Franklin
Buchner. who is connected with the
University , of Alabama,, and the work
Is a formulation of the conceptions of
the great philosopher, as exhibited la
his lecture-notes on pedagogy and tSfc
selections from other . of 'his most
thoughtful writings. ' • : V '
This week the Macmillan Company
will publish "The Adventures of Eliza
beth in Rugen." the new book 'by the
author of "Elizabeth and Her German
Garden." Elizabeth is as charming as
ever in her new volume, which tells the
story of her adventures and experiences
during eleven happy -days which she
spent driving around the beautiful Is
land In the Baltic,,
To those who appreciate dainty col
lections of dainty verse Miss Ruth
Lawrence's little volume. "The Beg
gar's Garden," will be nne of the most
satisfactory books of the season. It
contains selections breathing both love
of outdoor life and intense patriotism;
besides one or two poems which sug
gest Austin Dobson. It has been got
out In a most attractive manner,
with a cover of pale green cloth and a
spray of apple blossoms in their natural
color. The book comes from the press
of Brentano's. ,
New BooKs Received.
JEREMY TAYLOR. Edmund Gosse;
The Macmillan Company. New York.
HER INFINITE VARIETY. Brand
Whitlock; The Bobbs-Merrlll Company.
Indianapolis; illustrated by Christy.
POEMS OF THE PEOPLE, Gayley
and Flaherty; Glnn & Co., Boston;
price 50 cents.
THE ARISTOCRACY OF HEALTH,
Mary Foote Henderson; Colton Pub
lishing Company, Washington. D. C.
MILITARY- POLICY OF THE
UNITED STATES. Major General
Emory Upton; Government Printing
Office. Washington, D. C.
NEW MODERN WEBSTER'S DIC
TIONARY, published by Laird & Lee,
Chicago: price 50 cents. •
CORPORATIONS, being Volume X
of Cyclepedla of Law and Procedure.
Judge Seymore D. Thompson; The
American Law Book Company, •' New
York. Not sold singly. iv'-'XrH
78
(Copyright by McClure, Phillips & Co.)
«Jr% JT ISS SADIE MEEKER was a
f\/\ young woman who was inter
im Y I ested in the market value c-f
1 things; particularly in the
market value cf herself. As
k money changer at the desk in Major
&. Fairbanks her market value was
just $4 a. week: but a woman's real
market value, as Sadie well knew, is
nevrr what she can honestly earn, but
v hat the best man who wishes to
msrry her can earn, whether honestly
or not. Later ebe came to think seven
times out of ten of her husband and
the remaining three of her children;
but for the moment she whs conscious*
mainly that Margie Payne had married
a haluun-keeper, and Kittie Barwin a
part owner in a dance hall, and saloon
keepers and pnrt owners in dance halls
ate lords and landed gentry in the un
der world.
Marprie and Kittie had been Sadie's
next friends, and for some time after
their marriage she. too, would have
been contented to wed a saloon-keeper
or a part owner in a dance hall: but
after some hesitation she concluded to
become engaged to marry Charley Min
ick. Also his mustache curled beauti
fully.
Charley Minick in his twenty-eiphth
year had achieved a knowledge how
the world is made. He had joined the
•forco" with a resolution to be an
"honest copper," and his high aspira
tions still duns to -him, though they
had become modified. He would not
be so honest as to be unpleasant; he
would be just a little — oh! the veriest
trifle — better than his neighbors.
*'I don't set up for no saint," said
the magnanimous Minick. "but there
are places where I draw the line."
A Pitt or a Lincoln could have said
no more.
Margie's gifts from her lover had
been diamonds of price; Kittie's gifts
from, her lover had been diamonds of
even greater price; and Sadie was per
fectly aware of every woman's in
alienable right to possess better jewels
than any woman of her acquaintance
if she can induce a man to give them
to her. She explained her views to
Minick with vigor and point; she re
vealed to him the double jurisdiction
•under which he had agreed to live; he
must stand his trial ia the judgment of
her peers.
"Tou wouldn't have me ashamed be
fore Kit and Margie, would you?"
"The Pearl of Pie Alley couldn't
stand ashamed before Kit and Margie;
she hasn't got the shape! Eut I forgot;
it's a man that's proud of a woman's
fchape; the woman's only proud of what
she's got on It!" '.
"Even now they say I'm a fool to tie
up with you. They say there's no scale
in your Job the way there Is In Jim's
and Bob's; they call you a hundred-a
month man; they say you don't take in
nothing en the side. Kit and Marge
*£id last night I v.as marrying you for
your 'musstache.* **
"Kit and Marge!" said 'the alert de
tective with theatric scorn. "Kit and
Marge are a couple of clapper-tongued
.pot-wrestlers. You'll make your ears
as long as a government mule's a
listen' to "em"
. "Yes. I suppose. But I ain't talking
of 'inusstaches'; I'm serious; it means
a lot to me. You've got to get me what
1 want; that's what you marry me for;
and you've sot to go to the right place
to get it — I tell you those; I want to
thov Kit and Marge the box."
"All right," laughed Minick, 'Til get
you tfce box!"
Three days after this conversation
• tliere was a'Erreat social "event" at
the town house of Edward Sandys of
Sandys & Mcrton, who served God and
mankind to the amount of some mil
iiors per annum. They performed their
cervice largely by accepting a controll
ing interest in undertakings to which
the name oL Sandys &. Merton lent a
commercial value. The great social
•event," with its great display of plate
and jewels, was followed by a gTeat
« racktman's "event." Before the awak
«ninj; of the Sandy's household after
the festiva.1 a judiciously selected por
tion of the jewtis had disappeared.
The reward offered was so large that
\ht front office was touched in its ten
dciert sensibilities. There seemed
•something almost wicked in declining
la supply a man anxious to part with
:t sum like that with a chance to hand
it over. The instructions of the chief
v.ere a model of manly eloquence:
"Somebody's got to get that dough.
Siindys'll t'roxr a fit if he can't cough
up, and you coppers got to help him.
J ain't coin' to have the Eye people
A BILL FROM TIFFANY'S
enake in a!l the loose coin; I give it
to you straight. Thty mc-re'n did us
on that Hogan deal, an' the papers
roasted me. They called me a "jaun
diced tutelary dodo.' I don't know
what the blamed thing means, but I
won't stand for it. You fellows spread
yourselves on this case, you take my
tip. Get your mouthpieces on the run,
bribe 'em, pinch 'em, do what you
damn please, but get that dough. An*
get the gun, too. Some o' the country
papers have been shoutin' 'bout this
force bein' crooked; they say that we're
only out for the dough in Jobs like this,
an 1 let the gun make a get away. I'm
sick o f this hollerin', and if it don't
quit I'll make every man jack of you
sick of it. too."
• • •
That afternoon an ornate reporters'
column in one of the public prints con
sisted of an interview with the "subtle
and competent Detective Minick."
Charley was alleged to be "working"
oit the Sandys case.
' One morning while matters were at
this pass the chief handed Minick a tel
egram which was dated Akron, Ohio.
It signified that one Bud Denmer, age
•SC, height 5 feet ll'i, complexion dark,
eyes blue hazel, hair prematurely gray
and black, beard solid black, teeth good,
nose large and pugnacious, weight 165
pounds, was "wanted," and was sup
posed to be in New York. .The rewaid
was 5500 and the particulars would fol
low by letter.
• • * • • *
Richard Cober was fast becoming the
head of a profession of which he was
proud, but which he disliked to hear
called by its right name. He was only
from time to time actively engaged in
it, and it took him for the most part
out of town into the beyond. He was
understood by his children and nom
inally by his wife, to be a "traveling**
man. His absences would last for a
few days or a few weeks, and out of
the beyond he would commonly bring
back a great deal of monsy or a very
bad temper. Once his absence lasted
nearly three years, and he brought
back only a new suit of clothes, a pallid
face and a most unpleasant trick of
the eyes.
When Richard Cober was in luck he
was lavish with his "kids," and at
times liked nothing. better than to have
them tumbling over him; and whether
or not he was in luck, there was noth
ing their mamma could want that he
did not find a way to provide. For the
most part he looked uncommonly sharp
and hard: . but in his daintily uphol
stered flat In Clinton place he was at
least adored. He sang songs and cut
a double-chuflle for the kids and played
at blind man's buff; and Mrs. Cober
possessed jewels that would have made
Sadie Meeker's frosty eyes burn with*
desire.
One afternoon while Bessie was
dandling a doll half as big as herself
and Richard and Bobbie were doing
a cake walk with an energy and free
dom of grimace and gesture that made
her scream ■ with laughter the door
opened and a gentleman, who had
held a little colloquy with the maid in
the hall, entered unannounced. The
gentleman was Detective Minick. ,
"Eighteen-carat place you got- here,
Buck, old sport; pie-anna, French
clock, Turkey rugs, nice kids; things
been spin' your way."
"Don't look as if you'd been up
against hard luck yourself. Skip,
kids. Mr. Minick and me will be
wanting to bill and coo in private."
"Somethin' doin'?" he asked with
laconic elegance.
"A little matter o' my own. I want
you to out me next."
"What the blazes do you come to
me about 'next' for? I ain't next to
nothin' in this town except you dead
ones at the front office."
"Read the papers lately?"
"One o' you fly cops croaked an'
you want to touch me for a bouquet
for the stiff?"
"Seen the details o' that Sandys
job?"
"Oh, it's that, is it? You can search
me. You'll have to guess again if you
want to pick a winner. I ain't mixed
up in that. I haven't done any work
in this town for five years; I live here
an' you know well enough that where
I live there's nothin' doin'. I've got
too much at stake."
"Don't suppose I'd be sittin* here
rubberln' at your, wallpaper if you
done it. do you? But I want you to
set mixed up in it. There's five thou
sand semoleons reward, an* I need 'em
in my business." ¥ &%'•■(*.
"Who told you I was interested in
your business? I got troubles of my
own. It won't do, Charley; I give
it to you straight. I didn't do the job
myself and don't know who did; but if
I did know I wouldn't tell you. I
ain't grot, nothing against you person
ally; you always treated me square,
an' I'd go as far for you as an
other man; but I never yet beefed on
a pal an' I'm not groin' to begin. I'm
a bad lot, if you like, but I wouldn't
turn mouthpiece for the whole five
thousand."
"Better wait till I offer "em," said
Minick intently; "what'll you do for
this?" .
Minick passed him with one hand a
telegTam fr6m Akron. Ohio, and with
the other fingered a revolver in " his
coat pocket. Minick's acquaintances
whom, he met, In the way of business
were sometimes spasmodic in -their
movements. Also Richard Cober was
'/age thirty-six, height five feet eleven
and a quarter, complexion dark, eyes
blue hazel, ■ hair, prematurely grray
and black, beard — that is to say,. close
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL
cut mustache — solid black, teeth
good, nose large -and pugnacious,
weight a hundred and sixty-five
pounds."
"Swell place you got here. Buck;
pie-anna. French clock. Turkey rugs,
nice kids; I should think you'd hate,
to' shift." . - ■
Minick was to be congratulated on
the completeness with which he., had
thought out his case. , . i
"I don't want to be hard on you,
Buck; I'll give you time all right to
turn the thing over in your mind; but
understand me, I want those semo
leons. If you should happen to dis
cover a way of helpin' me get them,
well— It's been six years since I seen
Bud Denmer in Joliet; I might be so
stuck on myself I couldn't recognize
him in the street if I passed him a
dozen times a day; an* I'm the only
man on- the force that's 'on to his
mug. If you shouldn't happen to dis
cover a way of helpin' me, that tele
gram reads cuffs in Clinton place, jail
in Akron, stir in Columbus, free rides
between pints, an' free grub and lodg
ln' everywhere.'.'
"Dick, you've, said .time after 'time
that if it ever came to a pass again
where you had to choose between me
and the kids and a gun you'd let the
gun go; and you're up against that
choice now," urged' Mrs. Richard
Cober when Minick , had said ','so
long" and taken his leave. -"You've
got enough money saved up to quit the
business anyhow.- I've often told, you
that with what we have in the bank
we could go over to liondon, bringiup
the kids respectably and live decently
ourselves." ,'..
"A man like me's no business with
kids, Nell, old gal; nor with a woman
either," said Cober wearily, not for the
first time in his life "up against" the
eternal difference between a woman's
world and a man's. " / •' ' '
That evening, after. his pacific inter
view 'with Minick, Cober loitered, list
lessly about. the better sort of haunt3
of the Powers That Prey. Rlcharu
would have been too shrewd,' which is
to say he loved his own skin^too Intel-,
ligently to put direct questions . about
the Sandys job, nor 4 would there have
been the least reason why he should
ask Questions.
He had ■ fully . mastered his ideas « In
this connection when ■ he entered, "The
Green Dragon" and the presiding Belial
stepped forward ..and handed him a
note." It consisted. of but two lines and
a signature— he had received the pre
cise duplicate of It just as h© was leav
ing Clinton -place. . "I want, to see you
In a hurry, Buck. Pull the ringer at
the number given In the other note. —
L. C." Half an hour afterward he. was
sitting at the bedside of Lubin Cav
anaugh, in a house on Sixteenth street.
When in obedience to a weak-voiced
summons to "Come in" . Richard first
entered the room, he perceived an
emaciated head , fallen back In an
ecstasy of exhaustion among, the pil
lows; when the emaciated head had
Identified its visitor as "Buck" Cober,
It hailed him '.with "Hello.,, old sport!"
and the man to whom it belonged sat
upright,- threw back the bedclothes and
resumed an interrupted labor, which
was the .labor, of "setting," or possibly,
as Richard Judged, of resetting, jewels.
"Thought you might be the*" doctor
with some more dope. * He .an' I are
doin' a little song an* dance together
while I fix up this pennyweight, job.
I'm playin' the pennyweight *grame
alone, an' he might want to cut in.
He'd speculate on these sparklers In
his bill if he knew I had 'em— beutes,
ain't they?"
The time had been when a "spark
ler" had the same fascination for
Richard Cober that it had for Lubin
Cavanaugh, but he was in no mood
that evening to admire another man's
plunder. A wonder as to the previous
ownership of the jewels he could not
repress—even fn the r'Stir" men make
guesses as to .the origin of an un
scheduled piece of bread — Jjut the eti
quette of the under world forbids in
quiry in regard to such matters.
"What you so blue about, Buck?
Dig into" that booze there an' get a
brace on. You an' Nell ain't been
havin' a row, have, you ?'* r: v- .. •'
"No. It's jus' a, general- case o'
grouch. I get hipped ev'ry now an'
then jus* as I used to. What can 1
do for you, Lubin? I got to shift in
a few minutes."
The two looked at each other for an
instant In that quick but piercing way
which all guns, let alone tfals, have.
"I'd 'a' let you into the job. Buck, but
it was Jus* the kind o.' game to attract
an old single-handed stiff like myself,
an' I played it alone. What I want is
a 'dopp' just like this one without the
break," and, ha handed Cober a little
instrument newly broken. "I've got to
have a new one' by 11 o'clock to-morrow
morning, an* I'll be dead" obliged to yoti
if, you'll get it for me. I'd get it my
self, ; hut I got . these symptoms, you
know/, an' the .push thinks I'm out at
that crib in Mexico, rollln* the wheel.
Understand, don't cher? , Say, Buck,- if
it's dough you need, reach under my
pillow here an*- you'll find a rolL I been
there ■ myself, - you • know."
"That's all right, Lube. 'Tain't as
bad as that." . ■ -
"Well, take care o' yourself, old man,
an' if you see any o* the push, tell 'em
I'm baskin' in the-sun down among the
Mexies. So longr. Buck."
"Well?" said Mrs. Cober expectantly
when Richard paused at the close of his
account of the evening's interview with
Cavanaugh.
"Well! It's cuffs in Clinton place.
Jail in Akron^ free rides between pints,
free grub an' lodgin' every where. I
can't 'beef on a pal like Cavanaugrh.
Nell.-. A man's got to stick by his
friends."
"It ain't a case o* beefin' on a pal,
Dick;' it's a case o* doin' dirt by me an*
the kids. There ain't one o' your friends
has stood by you like me an' 'the kids;
it you got to stick by your friends,
you' got to stick by us." .
;"It won't do, Nell; a gun's seen his
lipck when he turns mouthpiece, j B?
square with the push an* the push'll
be square with you, an* it'll be the bet
ter for you in the end. I don't even
know for sure that Cavanau.^h made
the touch: but whether he did or not.
he'd know I had split on him, an' he'd
follow me till he croaked."
"A woman is perfectly helpless when
she's. tied to a man that means to play
the fool," she said bitterly. "You have
to be "square to the push or the push
will set even with you; you can do as
you like, by the woman an* the kids'.
No matter what you do, they've got to
stand for it."
This statement being: self-evldsnt,
Richard Cober made no reply to it; he
went to- bed. Half an hdur later Mrs.
Cober put on' her hat and shawl and
softly left the house; that perhaps was
a part of her idea.
The raid was one of those ordinary
man hunts; with. the game at bay. the
details of which even the newspapers
have long since wearied of reporting.
The "flatties" in uniforms surrounded
the place, and Minick with three fel
low huntsmen went into the building to
face an animal rather more dangerous
than one of the larger carnlvora.- The
animal, however, was intelligent. Cava
naugh'had not the : slightest. chance of
escape, and knew it the minute his door
was open and the detectives drew their
revolvers. "They're good," he remarked
in the gambler's Jargon, and allowed
himself to be handcuffed. His only
comment on the capture lay in the
words: "Another case of beef."
The Sandys jewels were all found in
Cavanaugh's possession, a number of
them very skillfully reset and two of
the larger very skillfully disfigured.
The public prints ran? the next d*y
with the praise of the celebrated Min
ick, and repeated their version of the
unrecogniz/d intellectual profession,
which taxes the swiftest and subtlest
powers of the mind and., to which soci
ety owes its immunity from crime.
Sadie Meeker drew the attention of
both Margie acd Kittie to the mos*.
highly ornate paragraphs In praise o!
the celebrated Minick- and enjoyed the
proud delight of fame. She had been in
some doubt until the newspapers took
him up whether, she cared for him
"really," but the reporters' eloquence
decided her. When the ring waj
brought a great flush of triumph came
info her face— the diamond was bigger
than Kittie's and prettier.
"Oh, Charley, there is scale in your
job." she exclaimed, "and I will marry
you— for your mustache!"
The "box" was as satisfactory as the
stone, and a receipted bill from Tif
fany's was even more satisfactory than
the box; but there were a number of
Items of which Tiffany took no account.
The week that the marriage of De
tective Minick was announced an inci
dent occurred in one of the side streets
of the City of Mexico. At the city hos
pital, where an injured man was* taken,
certain papers and checks found in his
pockets showed that he conducted his
financial affairs at least over the name
of Oliver Ilewes, but the police were
much puzz!ed to find tattooed in blue
ink on the left forearm the name
"Buck Cober." He never regained con
sciousness and it was impossible to ob
tain any statement frcm him. The
wound in his head seemed to indicate
that he had been hit with, an uncom
monly heavy billy. A woman came
forward frcm nowhere in particular to
claim the body, but she showed no dis
position to supply, biographical details;
she dedicated her energy to hysterics.
It has perhaps no connection with
this Incident that two weeks previously
the following paragraph appeared In
various newspapers in the United
States: . "Lubin Cavanaugh. alias New
York Lube, escaped from prison
last night. He was a notorious profes
sional burglar and ha3 a record against
him which takes up several pages oi
the prison's blotter. A reward of
$500 Is offered for his capture and Im
prisonment until the prison authorities
can be communicated with."
There are those who rate themselves
"wise." however, who believe that the
two trivial incidents are connected and
that a belated item should be added to
the bill from Tiffany's.no_text10
HOW TO TRIM THE FASTER HAT
* r Is no*, the hat as mucn as the
i trimming."
Tlie speiker. a fashionable mil
"* liner, held off a hat at arm's
length to be admired. Its mate
rial, j. plain though very tine straw,
•vs almost obscured beneath a shir
i :;\t of silk intislin. The under part
• i! t!:-> brim v,-a? entirely covered with
tl.-ls shirrlnc. which was bordered
v ith late. The edjre of the brim was
bound In velvet. O:ie side turned up
and there was .; jiaua of shirring: on
lop Bnlsbjed with u stiff brush of
feathers *'- one tsidel
The- bwkle feature is one that can
he observed upon -hats and gowns.
Baclde* will be used in a variety of
v.jys. .
'*Gire in? 1 thief* long buckles," said
a tnlilinsr; "and I will complete your
« ostume for you. One of these buck
les I wiil BtuwS upright at the back of
your aralst. The second I will run
through your ptock. And the third
one 1 will i.lace in the front of your
bit, ronttjns a velvet ribbon through
it, jun as though it were for the belt!"
Speaking these words, wiCTI a few
deft twirls of her talented fingers she
ran the ribbon through the buckles,
and i;ooii had them adjusted at belt, at
yoke and upon the hat. It was done
very Quickly and required no special
skill beyond the ability to puff the
ribbon. When in place the buckles
quite transformed the costume. But
most of all did the hat benefit, for a
buckle makfs a very effective and
complete trimming; often setting off
the other trimmings and giving a cer
tain elegance to the surroundings.
Lady Curzon's new hats are quit?
the talk of both continents. It 'is
whispered that they* originated in a
I'aris millinery establishment, and
that her ladyship herself designed
them, but using the beautiful mate
rials from the Far East.
Tlic Hats of Lady Curzon.
One of these hats is a great black
picture hat faced with crimson panne.
The bolder of the hat is black. Upon
the top there are two plumes fully as
long as your arm. and these lie across
the hat from side to side and trail
down over one ear. The crown of the
hat is not visible from the front. It
is covered with a very beautiful kind of
Indian embroidery, in which there are
scattered some mock Jewels and a few
precious ones.
Another hat is built of white satin
straw with a square crown and a wide
brim. The brim is bound with shell
pink satin. And.' all around the
«-rot\ n, there lie pink orchids in a great
chain, with the green leaves of the ivy
coming up through the orchids.
And still another hat, this one an all
black hat, is built on the spreading or
der. The crown is tall and square, the
brim is wide and dropping at one side.
whiJe It turr.s up at the other. And
over the top there lies a great plume
very long and very heavy. The brim is
faced with maline.
When Queen Alexandra sent to Lady
Curzon for a design for a gown to
v.ear to the coronation ball the Vice
reine of India sent material for a robe
which was so elegant that it is still re
membered by those who beheld it.
Since that time designs have traveled
regularly from India to; England, and
one of the latest and prettiest is a de-
Fign for a racing hat which will do
tloubt be made up and worn to the
<Jrand Prix.
The color of the' Queen's hat is gray,
the Queen's favorite color. The shade
is the biicht thoarh sort gray, the color
which one associates with Irish poplin.
The hat is round, suggesting a. native
Indian shape, and the brim turns up in
a great sweep all around, something
like the sides of a dishpan. The crown,
whica is invisible except from a top
view, is trimmed with a band of silk.
The brim is almost covered with a
shirring of gray satin ribbon put on In
tiny patterns. Black velvet is threaded
through the crown. And at one side
there are three stiff plumes or quills of
gray. This hat, which is pretty enough
for a queen to wear, is not at all
dressy, and yet is quietly elegant. It
could be worn with a calling gown or it
might be worn with a reception cos
tume.
The Xew French Hals.
All milliners agree that, while the
shapes of hats are changed materially,
it is not so much the shape as. the
trimming-that ia new. There are cer
tain touches which give the hats their
chic and- which are absolutely essen
tial to the style of the hat.
French milliners are trying to revive
blue, for the day of the blue hat was
practically out. • Few women wear the
all blue hat, except with - an all blue
gown, or unless blue happens to be
strikingly becoming. Yet blue is the
French color and one 'can look for
turquoise and- bluette in the new
French hats.
. The English, on the other hand, are
trying to introduce brown; and a great
many of the English hatters insist that
the brown hat will be the hat of next
spring. The tourist hats, made by the
English hatters, show many shades of
tan and brown; and there are browns
ranging all the way from the soft
brown, which Is sometimes called but
ter brown, down to the deep. seal.
Golden brown is, perhaps, the fa
vorite and the riding derbies, the Al
pine hats and the soft outing sailors
and slouch hats for women will be
built of brown straw and brown felt.
The American milliners " differ, in
their Ideas, not a little from the
French and from the English. They
are true to their old loves, and, at the
beginning of each season, they- come
out with gorgeous hats in geranium, in
poppy color, in brilliant scarlet chiffon
and in ribbon hats, ■ showing a multi
tude of bright rediroses.
And there is an -.argument in favor
of red in the springtime. It is cheer
ful; it affords that contrast which is so
necessary after the somberness of win
ter; it has the approval of the best
milliners and it is becoming to nearly
every women. The new -red hats are
positively brilliant^in their aspect, for
they are red from: tip to tip, without
one particle of color to relieve them.
In selecting the all red hat one must
be sure to look for the touch of black.
This is a little irlck that is known to
every milliner, though not to every
amateur. Unless a gay hat has its
touch of black there is little hope for
it, and a scarlet hat without its 'touch
of black will be flat and unbecoming.
But relieve it with black and you will
at once make it chic".* .-■■-
"Give me at least a yard of narrow
black velvet ribbon," said a French mil
liner, "or I cannot hope to make a
hat." And her beautiful /showcases
bore evidence' of the wisdom of her
taste. Lovely hats, with their flat
brims spread with geraniums, were dot
ted with little bows of black velvet
ribbon. And hats of orchids, which
are to be fashionable this' Reason, also
had black velvet ribbon in their back
ground.
And, when speaking of the floral hat,
do not forget the 'Violet hat. which,
in this country, is ••■ one . of i the most
fashionable hats of th j spring. Each
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY . CALL.
year the violet hat comes in and each
season it is a little more in favor than
the last. ' ■ ' ... :
An .excuisite violet hat is made of
black straw, with a : trimming of ma
line. The under side of the brim is
shirred with maline. The aide of the
hat is trimmed with one great bunch
of violets, almost as ' large as '.a peck
measure,- and -with green leaves com
ing out through the violets. The vio
lets are tied with a purple ribbon and
the whole is fastened at the side of
the hat to make a showy trimming.
Flowers are always in evidence, in
the spring, and the milliners give abun
dant evidence that they are delighted
to exchange the trimmings of winter,
which are necessarily ; heavy, for the
flowers of spring.-
By the student of that part of the
feminine dress known as the' hat« there
is a lesson to be learned, a lesson-that
It would profit every woman , to take
unto herself. This lesson is nothing
more than a chapter on the adaptabili
ty of the properly selected hat.
There is a very fashionable woman
In New York who for years > has made
it her practice to purchase no hat that
could not be worn- all the year, round.
Just now she buys the great black pic-
ture hat, covered with shirred chiffon,
shirred muslin or tucked maline." Or
she would invest in one of the new Jet
ted toques, which are as smart as they
can be.
Hats for All the , Year. /
The wary-woman/ when she buys a
hat, will ask, "Is this a hat that I can
wear all the year round?" At the end
of^ her first season the wisdom of this
policy will begin to be apparent to her,
and at the end of a year she will begin
to reap abundant rewards. She will
have always at hand . at a change of
season a hat # that, by a little remodel
ing, can be worn another year.
The new Jetted hats now show 1 evi
dence of progress. They are Jetted, not
with little spangles, but with long
hanging drops which dangle'-and flash
very prettily. These are sewed into
lace or into some soft substance, or the
hat is "covered, with silk which is cov
ered with the little dangling drops.
A great many of the hats willhave
dangling ends. Hats that are bordered
•with fringe will not be uncommon. To
border a hat with fringe is a simple
matter. Apply the fringe to the brim
of the hat so that it falls over the face
and hair, and that is all there is to it.
But it should be a' very handsome
fringe, very lustrous, and It should not
be v too deep. /The soft chenille fringes
and those that are elaborately Jetted
are much used.
A great many hats' will have the lace
borders, coming down so as to make a
scarf which falls, over the brim. Last
season not a few of the hats had a bor
der of fine insertion, which was applied
precisely as though it were lace This
is good upon a hat of midsummer.
It may be because the eye finds re
lief in something new and varied but It
is certain that the hats of sprin- i oo k
particularly refreshing this year. Many
of these are rather plain in shape and a.
few are simply, trimmed, but there la a
certain chic which is most admirable
Of course, the absolutely flat hat'fs
out. But th 9 very tall . hat ha" n
come in and there are very few Eiffel
Tower, effects. On the other hand thi
low hat. without a bandeau, without
crown and without top trimming of any
kind has been banished from siiht; and
thfa e season. BiSn "*' lt Wl11 «»»«£*
The Handsome Trimminss.
Feathers and flowers are -worn all ♦*»
gg ««!»*;. But it mSt be acknowl!
edged that feathers have a wondeifu
vogue. There are beautiful feathera o:
the shaded variety and these upon i
hat of straw afford a very pretty sigh-
One of these feather trimmed hats is ■
brown of a very lovely shade of straw
At one 3 ide the brim takes an u»»-var<
curve, and Just here* the feather 13 fast
ened. It i3 a deep brown. But It shacks
gradually lighter and upon the tip It i
a bright yellow. It i3 secured to th-:
hat with a great dull gold ornament.
Gold ornaments will be worn a grec!
deal upon the. hats of spring, as will
silver and gun metal. Iniic-ri. gold a pd
silver seem to be taking the place vt
the rhlnestone pin, which held its favor
so long. The rhinestone pin is.
course, used. But there are many tim?3
when the gold slide or the goM buckle
or the great round gold ornament a t'" e
best thing that could be used.
In reckoning with the spring hat do
not forget the lace applications. A
hat which sold for $75 hid lace * n '
serts along the brim. The top of the
crown, was made of a medallion of
lace. ArouAd the crown there was a
twist of blue panne velvet, and. lylns
across the top, there were two feath
ers, one of black and one cf b'ue.
shading into white.THE
BROWNIE
AND THE
BOLO
BY ROBERTUS LOVE.
X-<Y r. LOUIS. Feb. 24.— Perhaps the
\O\ most novel eight to be seen in
Y) America these midwinter days is
»^ that cf the native Filipino car
penters hard at work in building
their city at the World's Fair at St.
Louis. The word carpenter suggests
hatchet end saw, auger and plane.
The Filipino carpenter uses none of
these tools. With only his bolo — which
some persons facetiously term a corn
knife — he constructs complete houses,
roofs, walls, floors, partitions and all!
Yes. there is one other tool that he uses
occasionally, and that is a small ham
mer with which to push home his hand
ina.de bamboo nails. ;• .-
It is interesting to watch the half
Vjndred Filipinos (now at the World's
fair grounds doing their part of the
work of constructing the scores of
buildings that will house the Filipino
exhibit, including the 1500 Filipino na
tives who are to be brought over for
the exposition period. A number of the
houses are being built entirely by the
Filipincs, while for others they furnish
only the roof of nipa leaves and bam
boo lattice work. The Filipino build
ings, covering a tract of forty acres,
are more than three-fourths completed.
Months ago many carloads of bam
boo and nipa from the Philippine
lr lands were delivered on the ground.
Then the brownie got out his bojo and
set to work. It was merely necessary
i'or him to yann his bolo from its sheath
or scabbard, which he wears belted to
his waist as an American army offi
cer wears his sword. A Filipino with
out this bolo scabbard at his waist
would feel like a Missouri River cat
fish in the Sahara Desert. This short,
thick, sharp knife is his constant com
panion. Its blade is about ten Inches
long and has two edges. Sometimes
the hilt is handsomely carved, for the
Filipino takes as much pride in his bolo
as does the Mexican in his sombrero.
The bolo is the Filipino's badge of
citizenship. <" ■"'.■- ij
Long trunks of bamboo trees He In
stacks on the ground. They are slim
poles, jointed here and there • some
thick enough to make 'stout supports.'
others so thin that they are easily pli
able and can ■ be bent and ' tied ■ Into
Our. Filipino carpenter squats him
self upon the ground, with a padded
plank under him these chilly days. He
selects from the pile a bamboo pole
and gets to work with his bolo. Dili
gently he scrapes and shaves, turn
ing out curling shavings that in his
own land he would use for the mak
ing of mattresses. With tedious care
he continues scraping and shaving with
his sharp knife until the bamboo is re
duced to a strip which bends double
under its own weight when lifted . by
one end or the middle. • Thus treated,
the strip is used for weaving In' the
basic plan of the roof. A lattice of
these strips is laid on the unshaven
bamboo poles as supports, the poles
themselves J being fastened to the sills
and comb by strings made of a na-
THE SAN /FRANCISCO SUNDAY^ CAI±T ;
tive grass or rattan cord. As a mat
ter of fact, these poles are sewed down,
the needle being made out of a piece
of bamboo. In some instances the bam
boo "nail" is used, being driven', into a
hole cut in the bamboo pole.
The lattice work completed.., then
comes the nipa. .The Filipino puts on
layer after layer of these broad, 1 tough
leaves, similar to the palm from which
fans are made. With his hand-made
needle and his natural . thread—some
times it also ,s hand made, being
bhaved down from , bamboo ..strips— he
sews the thick thatch securely together.
Does it^ turn .water? Shingle roofs
sometimes ' leak; the nlpa . roof neven
provided It is' properly put on,' after
the most approved manner of the Fili
pino carpenter. It . Is i rather \ slow
work, • but • it . is sure. The na-
tive '■■ stands on ecaffolding . made
entirely of bamboo, tied with bamboo
strings. If he happens to- tear his
trousers he patches 'the garment with
his bamboo needle and bamboo thread.
Nature is kind to the Filipino. What
more could any man ask than his 1 house
building material, his furniture stock
and his clothes repairing apparatus
right at his elbow?
During the snow blizzard in latter
"January the Filipinos &\ the world's
fair kept Indoors most of the time.
Some of them werevery much alarmed
because the snow continued' to fall. for
• nearly .two days. ; They, were afraid
that, they would be snowed in so that
communication" with the city and nec
essary supplies would, be cut off. But
as the islanders never saw any sno\y
until they came to St. Louis their fears
can be forgiven them.
One of the- large buildings already
completed on. the Filipino tract is the
grand restaurant.^ In front of "this
building a Filipino band of forty pieces
will play during the fair. ,The roof is
"of bamboo and nipa. The Interior finish
is in ■ native Filipino woods, some of
* them of extreme hardness and splendid
gloss. ' , •
The "Intramuros," or walled oity of
old Manila, .accurately reproduced, -is
also completed. Visitors entering the
Filipino reservation from the main part
of the exposition will cross a heavy,
solid-looking bridge that spans the
Laguna de Bay. This Is reproduced
from the celebrated Puente de Espana,
crossing the Pasig .River al Manila,
The substantial masonry is excellently
counterfeited in staff and wood.
There are two other bridges across
the Laguna de Bay, built of bamboo.
In the waters near by are little huts
made entirely of native materials,
thatched with nlpa grass, both roof
and aid* walls. In the trees not far
away are queer-looking houses, where
the tree-dwelling Filipino will have his
habitat.
The walled city is 250x350 feet in di
mension. The agriculture building, in
which will, be a wonderful- display, of
resources of. the island soil, is 200 feet
long and 75 feet wide. The forestry of
the Philippines— wonderful mahoganies,
tough banava . and manave and many
other Woods of high, commercial value
—will be • shown in ! a building 150x100
feet. Ethnology has a structure 150x75
feet. Education • occupies a building
150x50 feet. . The Filipino Government
building is 150x100 feet, and the native
dwellings, about the central plaza oc
cupy 100x100 feet.' There Is to be a mar
ketplace, • where \ the natives ', will\ buy
their provisions, \ sell ■ their . wares, loaf
and swap- jokes/ just as they do at
home. 1 ;
Every tribe will be represented."
GIRL FROM
THE EAST
By Marjorie A. BarRlcy
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
THERE was excitement among the
young officers at Fort Wayne
when .Hicks, the little corporal
who were his cap on- the side of.;
\ his head, spread the report that
the girl from the East had come and
hadxbeen escorted to Colonel Klein's
house.
During that first day there was an
unusual amount .of promenading in
Officers' Row. Lieutenants, sergeants
and even corporals found time to walk,
in approved military style, past the
colonel's quarters, and there was one
who showed signs neither of excitement
nor Interest. It was Captain Roberts.
He told his. friend, a first lieutenant,
that he wouldn't go around the corner
to see twenty girls; whereat the lieu
tenant grunted j and said something
about behavior in the Philippines, add
ing with frank sarcasm, "You're a
peach, you are, to pose as a woman
hater after, cutting me out with the lit
tle senorita so clean that every fellow
in the regiment was afraid to have you
see his girl. I know you all right, old
pal, and I'll bet with the rest that you
take your little stroll in the row on the
heels, of some big-headed corporal. I
passed the house, myself." he owned
boldly, "and I saw her. too. She's a
regular beaut, Dick."
But even his besl friend failed to
awaken the interest of the captain. .He
went so far as to get into citizen's
clothes that same afternoon and leave
the fort for a walk in the river road.
This, by the critical corporals, was con
sidered stuck up.
When the captain reached a sandy
strip of beach a mile or more from the
fort he stretched out at full length and
gazed at the water where freight and
passenger steamers passed on their
routes to the Great Lakes.
His thoughts, whether they were on
commerce or navigation, were profound
indeed, for he started when he heard
the rush of a woman's skirts and saw
from the corner of his eye that a girl
was approaching. *■ He moved a little,
but did not look in her direction until
the girl stopped and said softly, "I beg
your pardon, but isn't this— it is! Dick,
I knew It was you!"
Captain Roberts sprang to his feet
and looked into the girl's flushed face.
"It's Margaret, Dick," she said.
"Peggy."
Roberts took the hand sh* offered.
"Peggy." he said wonderingly. "Peggy,
you take my breath away. Where did
you come from?"
"I'm staying at Colonel Klein's, but
where did you come from?"
"You at the fort?" he asked Incredu
lously. "That's where I live. Sit down
here on this rock. Peggy. Peggy
Adams, do you realize how you have
surprised me? When did you strike
these parts?"
"This morning."
"No! Then you're the girl from tha
East? They've been talking about you
for weeks.
•How lovely of them— and you?"
"Why, I'm up there, too."
"Those clothes?" she said doubtfully.
"Are 'cits,' " he finished smiling. "I
wear a uniform up there."
"Oh! And what are you— what
rank?"
"Captain," he said briefly. "Peggy,
how you have grown up."
"Have I?" she laughed. "And so have
you, about two feet higher; and you
went to West Point after all?"
"Yes, father insisted."
"Do you like the army?"
"Oh, yes, when we see active service."
"Then you have seen active service.
In the Spanish-American war? Oh, tell
me about it."
Roberts laughed. "I will some time."
he said. "I will tell you anything you
ask, but let's talk about you now.
Where have you been all these years?"
"School and college— and around at
places." ■_[:.'
"That means traveling, I suppose, yet
you never visited West Point?"
"Never. I didn't know that you were
there, that you had gone back. You
know you said — "
"Yes. I said several things about that
time. You haven't forgotten then?"
"Forgotten? Oh. Dick, I couldn't for
get. Never. Wasn't it dreadful?"
"It was rather a bad mess, but we—
at' least I — showed remarkably good
taste, though you weren't as beautiful
then as you are now."
"I can't snub you for that," the girl
said with carefully lowered lashes. "It
sounds genuine. You always were thor
oughly genuine, Dick."
" "Yes, I was in earnest then." he said
smiling. "You " were my first sweet
heart." He laughed, aloud. "My, how
you cried when the minister refused to
marry us. I flattered myself that you
were disappointed; but it really was
your pride, you poor little girl."
He regarded the poor little girl's
blushing face with tender affection. \
"I ' think that the old minister was
the sweetest man I ever met. He knew
that we were eloping. How gentle he
was and tactful. I have always thought
of him with thankfulness akin to love."
"I thought - he was a regular old
donkey, but It appears that I am the
only one who was In real earnest," he
said tentatively.
Peggy laughed. "Do you remember
"my high-heeled boots?" she asked, ig
.norlng his; remark.
"Oh! don't I, though. You tripped
and I had the delirious joy of catching
you In my arms. But do you remember
how I saved money? I've roared over
my willness more than once. You know
I had only $25 to my name, and I said
that carriages were too slow and that
we would much better take a car."
"I had forgotten that," Peggy said.
"but I remember how fighting mad you
were when papa rushed in. You stood
between him and me and said, 'Sir,
your daughter has consented to becoma
my wife?' Oh, Dick, wasn't It funny?"
"Yes." he said slowly. "Sometimes It
seems funny to me and sometimes it
seems strangely tragic. That wa were
such babies is the only saving fact.
Poor kids." He sighed and turned his
eyes from the girl's face. "I suppose
you're engaged now?" he said.
"No."
"How does that happen?"
She shook her head. "And you?* aha
said.
"Engaged? No, Indeed. I never taw
but one lovable girl In my life."
"And she wouldn't marry you?"
"She wouldn't. There will never ba
another. I lost track of her."
"But you didn't forget her?" th» girl
asked softly.
"I never forgot her for a minute. But
It's too late to find her now. She does
n't care for me anyway."
"Oh, Dick, don't say that. Any girl
ought to care for you. Just tha fact
that you stay true to one woman
should be enough. Don't giva up and
spoil it."
"Will you give me a recommenda*
tion?" he asked smiling. "Say that
none of my relatives wera hanged, 05
something like that?"
"I could say much better things. II
is beautiful that you want to find hsr.
I like it, Dick. And I think the) girl
will like It."
Roberts looked deep into her eyes«
but he saw no self-consciousness. Ha
forgot what he had read many times,
that women are clever actresses.
"Your advice may be good," ha said
after a few moments of silence, "bu8i
what would you hava said yourself,
Peggy, If I had hunted you up and had
told you about caring for you? Th«
girl is very much like you. What
would you have said?"
"Oh. that's silly. Dick." she ■aid
quickly. "You know you wouldn't**'
She looked past Roberts and frowntd
uneasily. "It's going to rain," she mur*«
mured, "and I'm cold." - »
"Oh. I suppose so," Dick said gloom
ily. "She'd say that, too. That's why I
didn't hunt her up."
"But It's going to rain. There I felt
a drop, Dick."
Roberts rose quickly and looked to*
ward the fort. .
"By jove, it Is. Peggy. I didn't notica
those clouds. Here comes the -wind.
We'll have to stand under those tj£es
till it blows over. I'm mighty sttrry
that I didn't notice It." He slipped off
his coat and wrapped It about the girl's
shoulders.
"Oh, don't, Dick." she protested.
"Please. You know girls don't tak*
cold as easily as men. They're used to
exposure." "-'
They ran to a clump of trees and
Roberts made the girl kneel by a low
stone wall that ran At the side of tha
road. * * :
"Dick, I don't want you to stand
there in the rain. Please- take your
coat."
He smiled down at her. "What a
foolish little girl it Is." he said. "But
I'll kneel beside you if you think lt'3
safe."
She raised her questioning eyes to his.
"I wish you would," she said. "I don't
like to have you take such a terrible
risk, and just to protect me when I
can keep dry In this corner as well as
not."
Roberts dropped to his knees and
leaned against the wall.
"Peggy," he said, " 'just to . protect
you' I would give my life. Didn't yc/u
know that, dear?" There was tender
ness in his tone, and conviction. Ha
spoke not passionately, but truly.
Peggy locked her hands tightly to
gether and her lips quivered. It seemed
a long time before she could raise her
eyes. Then she met the earnest ques
tionings gaze of the man.
"You may," she said simply. "Dick,
you may."
The rain had ceased and the clouds
had hurried on their way toward tha
east when Peggy and Captain Roberta
entered the reservation and were met
by the jovial colonel.
"Well." he said heartily. "Peggy, I've
had a searching party out for you. but
I just heard that you two were coming
up the river road. This looks bad. bad.
Why. we began to- think that you and
the captain, here, had eloped." •
Peggy flushed and glanced at the
younger man. Then she smiled at the
colonel. 8H§P
"We did." she said demurely, "six
years ago."
1112
THE LATEST IN
TRAVELING EQUIPMENTS
TnAVElJTTN'G has been reduced to
a science, and while it is true
that it does not take as many
years of constant application to
master it as it does a host of arts it
cannot be acquired In the twinkling of
an eye.
Just what to take, when to take it
and how to take it is usually the first
and all absorbing question. No one
cares to figure as a first-class Reuben
by dropping down with a carpet-bag
in one hand and a hatbox and paper of
lunch in the other. It looks as though
you had never been out of your tv/o
fcy-four corner of the earth before and
onlookers size you up with a knowing
wink and an expressive "green." First
Impressions unfortunately are very
lasting; ones. To mortify friends and
cause them to wish you had never quit
the village is anything but pleasant,
end the look of amusement that never
fails to be present when the telltale
luggrge ccmes in sight is, 'pi say the
•least, anything but reassur'ig.
In this a?e and generation there is
co good excuse for such annoying in
cidents. Good traveling articles are an
economy in the long run, as they out
■la&t the cheaper ones and look far bet
ter after years of use than the others
do after one short trip.
Of trunks there are five distinct kinds,
although there is an endiess variation
cf each one. The skirt trunk, steamer,
hat, bureau and the ordinary one that
Is used for this and the other necessary
that. And each and every one has its
place and it is peculiarly its own.
In a run of a week into the country
there Isn't anything nicer than the tray
etenm«*r trunk. On top there are vari
ous compartments that may be filled
with ribbon*, gloves and waists and
THE HAUGHTY DAME
THE haughty dame, the dame of
high degree. Is of many sorts and
kinds.
There Is the pleasant hauteur, in
dicative of ultra teflnement, social
prestigp, culture and the advantages that
come through wealth and an unassailable
position.
The woman who has always enjoyed tfie
blessings that the world calls good is
a creature of different mold from the wo
ir.an who achieves social distinction.
The woman borrkin the purple, who has
never Known anything pave life at Its
best, is the woman who ia able to meet
every situation v.-ith the calm dignity of
experience and is not inflated by homage
or Euecers. Her hauteur is not the accept
ed haughtiness that is acquired and
which is more or less offensive, but It Is
the statrliness and dignity that comes of
birth and pride of race.
In this respect, while correlative with
dignity, the two should not be con-
One is the self-esteem that springs from
birth, the other is the less plausible pride
of possession.
A littje hauteur bler.ded with a certain
ftrnount of gracioupness and the charm of
condescension is most attractive In a
*-r>man.
To be suave and approachable, yet to
maintain a certain dignity, that draws
«?vrr eo lightly an invisible line around
one. beyend which no man nor woman
would dare trespass, is to weave around
a woman the mesh of self-respect that
commands Its return, and is both her
glory and her most charming attraction.
The world falls In its obeisance to the
woman of rough and ready manners, who
goes through life In a roughshod way,
forgetful of what i« due herself, and It
cannot be questioned that the surest way
to make others delinquent in lit tie social
formalities Is to be herself careless of
them.
IJke all other failings of women, how
ex cr. th« woman who adopts a hauteur
of manner that Is not born In her, but
mhlch has linn sedulously cultivated, too
often carries It to extremes.
The nouveau richo Is par excellence
the haughty dame. Her haughtiness,
however, is io transparent In . its as
sumption of airs and graces as to bevery
tcatrrlally oppo4i»d to the dlsnlty " that
;he tray serves beautifully for a dinner
frock. This leaves the hatbox and
plenty of space for the thousand and
one accessories that women alway3
need, yet there Is no room to spar°.
What more is necessary unless a host
of merrymakers have been invited and
frocks for all occasions are demanded.
The trunk is small and does not scar>
your hostess into nervous chills for
fear you are contemplating taking up
your residence with her permanently,
and furthermore it can be handled eas
ily by any one, which is a big con
sideration in country peaces. Besides
it has one more virtue which should ap
peal strongly for it. On account of it?
flat top it will serve as a seat and not
utilize too much valuable space, or bet
ter still, it can be pushed under tin
bed and got rid of entirely.
The small h2t trunk is a perfect
treasure and it can be made to serve
twofold. It is a square little affair
with a top tray for gloves and fluffy
fluffs and the trunk proper is composed
of five pad?, one on either side and one
on the bottom, which are made for the
express purpose of fitting, hats into.
Nearly always they are of stiff canvaa
and either snap or buckle into place,
so as many of them may be removed
as you want and the space used jfor
packing other articles of apparel. Yet
at the same time the hat with its
precious plume is held intact and jour
neys to its destination in perfect safety.
What a relief these little trunks are.
Every one can remember without half
trying the struggle of packing a hat. It
was eternally and forever too large one
way and quite too small the other. It
never failed to poke out just where it
shouldn't and was the bane of every
woman's existence. After twisting this
way and turning that way, she finally
■wound up by taking all the trimming
off and trusting to luck to get it on
again any old way or else she crammed
it into a box and carried it along for
the portets to fall over and the people
generally to sigh and gnash their teeth
By Col. Kate.
comes with good breeding.
The woman who acquires wealth piles
up her airs of self-importance as she
piles up dollars, ■ each for each and one
for each.
She has an idea that no one will know
that she has money unless she forces the
evidence before their Immediate atten
tion. She is Imbued with the spirit of
dollars, and deference that Is her due In
mighty installments, at the same time
she loses sight of her own personality
and thinks of herself, not as a woman,
but merely as the representative of a
bank account that should be treated with
obsequious regard, and soon the . person
ality that may have been charming is
merged into the moneyed autocrat, who
carries about her always the trade mark
of sudden plutocracy. ,*."';; J
The woman of millions Is less approach
able than the man, having a more en
larged Idea of her own importance.
The man may forget that he Is so han
dicapped when bending over a glass of
wine, taken in a spasmodic fit of socia
bility, but a woman never forgets when
she is favored beyond the ken of poor
everyday mortals, nor will she allow oth
ers to forget.
The first cultivates the haughtiness of
rcanncr; later comes the haughtiness of
expression.
She sweeps by with her trailing skirts
rustling and bristling with an aggressive
frou-frou. Her very presence is awe-in
spiring, and the frozen stare subdues the
spirit of those inclined to resent her as
sumption of superiority. The lorgnette
is her weapon de resistance, and a glance
through its weird little glasses has a dis
comfiting, irritating influence almost in
describable.
A woman can concentrate more pride,
and more scorn, at the same time convey
a more disagreeable Impression- by one
glance through a lorgnette, than when
reinforced by any other ally.
There Is something uncanny, not to say
almost demoniacal, in this wizard of the
eyes and of fashion that cannot be ex
plained by any cult of the seer.
But that it produces a most disquieting
effect on the person against whom it is
leveled cannot be gainsaid.
The woman who cultivates this haught-
Ineis of manner soon estra^res her
ovei.
But, thanks be, those days are well
over and the woman that boards a
train with ten small bundles that fly
in as many directions is as rare as a
green rose. Instead miladi, in a trig
trotter and a natty hat, armed with a
leather suit case, steps into the car and
amuses herself by watching -others
rather than in counting and keeping
track of her own possessions.
Wait until she opens that case for
some trifle. It is a wonder. Strapped
firmly to the cover is a leather stand
that contains all the various toilet ar
ticles in ebony. They fit so snugly in
friends, whether intentionally or unlnte
tfonally. Sometimes It ia done with mal
ice aforethought, when she suddenly loses
both memory and sight, through finding
it more convenient to forgot or to ignore
the friends of her less prosperous days,
who, not being as generously favored by
fate, can reflect no glory on continued
social intercourse.
She would faint If the nextdoor neigh
bor of the olden times, who minded her
baby while she ran to the corner grocery
for a few pennies' worth of lard or ba
con, were to bow to her, and if this same
good, old-fashioned neighbor were to
presume to call It wouia frighten .my
haughty dame Into screaming hysterics.
Perhaps there might be others to whom
a slight is unintentional, but who, ,not
being so fortunate from a worldly stand
point but yet possessing a large modi
cum of pride are naturally sensitive, and
wait for 'advances to be made to them,
fearing- to seem obsequious or obtrusive.
Friendships arc often dropped, as a re
sult not so much from the arrogance of
the rich as from the sensitive pride of
genteel poverty.
There is, too, another argument against
the assumption of .haughty airs and
graces.
The woman who cultivates this man
ner soon loses the beauty of expression
that has made her face so attractive.
The haughty look becomes fixed until
It degenerates into something so disa
greeable that it is a cross between a
sneer and a smirk. One expressive of
disgust, the other of contempt.
A woman oari seldom adopt the hauteur
of the grande dame so successfully as to
do bo without detriment to her own per
sonality; she- becomes as repulsive and
repellant as she looks, and soon her
friends feel that they must generate a
dynamo of courage before approaching
her. If Hhe escapes becoming 1 downright
ugly, then the special Providence who
looks after fools and children has been
attending strictly to business. .
There is nothing so winning as the en
couraging light in the eyes of sympathy
and the smllo of cordiality on the faca
of a woman.
The- light of welcome that beams, even
before the lips utter the unspoken words,
carries far more weight than the words
themselves, and are a potent charm. An
expressive face is always more attractive
than a beautiful one.
.THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
their respective, places that "there : ls no
possibility of their falling put and the
space that • they utilize is surprisingly
small. Once in a hotel the case'may be
taken out and It is a decided con
venience, for it can be placed in the
dresser and saves the trouble of carry-
Ing other such articles in the trunk'.
The bureau trunk, /by the way, is the
most convenient one that is made, but
for practical purposes the theatrical
one is by far the best on the market. To
be sure it has no drawers that easily
Blip in and out, nor has it
•which means so much .to all femininity,
but it is solid arid sound and is made
to withstand any amount of bumping
and throwing about. The corners are
reinforced with what are termed bump
ers, in reality a solid ball of rubber in
cased in brass, and no matter which
.corner the trunk hits on, it promptly
bounces off and is no worse for wear. ■
For an eastern trip one of these
trunks, which is filled with trays, by
the way, and a hat trunk are all that
is necessary unless you have an un
usually large wardrobe, for a forty-
Inch trunk looks quite like a small
house and is capable of stowing away
all manner of odds and ends.
Skirt trunks are somewhat of a lux
ury for the woman that does not travel
extensively, for r they are always ex*"*
pensive and are exceedingly awkward
to carry about on account of their ex
treme length. Nevertheless they are a
comfort, for there are no ugly, disfig
uring wrinkles and creases to worry
over, for every gown has a tray, bjr
itself and is stretched out full length.
If you are fortunate enough to possess
one It is a pretty conceit to make a
tiny pad of cheesecloth and wadding
and fill it with any perfume that you
like and use exclusively, for by this
means the frocks always retain a faint
sweet odor that is difficult to obtain
otherwise. - i
Perfuming clothes seems a simple
enough trick, but it requires constant
attention and means a constant out
lay of money. Padded drawers must
be replenished every few weeks, the
small scent bags that are showered so
carelessly about must be refilled and
the sweet smelling satin fluffs must be
made over almost constantly. In trav
eling this is not always the easiest
thing possible, nor have you the time
even Jf you have the inclination, so
the pads may be made at home and
the sachet and perfume carried along
without giving them a second thought.
Bottles used to be a perfect bugbear,
but they are dropped Into the midst
of a silk petticoat and a handsome
waist with perfect unconcern, for they
simply couldn't leak or get broken If
they wanted to. a- t •< H[f\.J*>'-i
■ In the first; place, while -you do not
want to carry a medicine shop about
when you are on pleasure bent, It is
often the wisest and "safest thing to
have something on hand in case of an
accident. A 'small leather case topped
with a heavy cover that straps into
place contains four fair sized bottles
which may be filled with a stimulant,
camphor, a medicine and perfume, and
it clr.-es net mean that you must stand
on your head in the middle of the
trunk and unwrap every article to find
them either. Then they ' are always
right side up with care and always
ready for use.
.Traveling: equipments certainly have
bsen wonderfully improved upon in the
last few years, but there are hosts pf
fancy pretty trifles that would be more
of a nuisance than a comfort; and the
people who make a business of travel-
Ing are the one3 that carry the least
and the simplest. Generally English
people are looked upon as having the
best of everything in the traveling line
and there are' few that do not carry
soleleather trunks about wlth v them.
They may be all very fit and fine and
there is no gainsaying the fact that
they are strong and durable, but they
always overweigh the luggage limit
and the exceca runs into a pretty penny
before one has scarcely had time to
turn about. For a distance of some
5Q0 miles one" leather trunk costs in
the vicinity of 41 50 excess baggage,
eo they are scarcely what could be
termed a rattling good bargain.
Euit cases and small hand bags
should never be of anything but leathe*
or skins. Alligator bags are extremely
serviceable and always look exceedingly
fit and as though the owner was a
woman of sound sense. Study the bagr
that get off a train or a boat and you
can always tell the class of people they
belong to. Now and again the clothes
may be a trifle shabby, but the in
born look of a gentleman or lady Is
there. For some untold reason people
are prone to judge others . by their
clothes and these days their equipments
are classed as a part of their wearing
apparel. ' I i ■
A lady is , handicapped In carrying
money or Jewels when she is journey
ing, for she does not possess anywhere
from twenty to twenty-five pockets. In
fact, if she possess one she may con
sider herself fortunate. But she has
gotten- around this very nlcery. A>
chamois skin bag has been made that
answers all* purposes. It Is large and
presents a perfectly plain surface, but
when two snaps are unfastened It re
veals a good-sized purse with a strong
steel clasp and two smaller ones on
either side of It. The whole thing Is
fastened about the waist by a bit of
strong material and a stout buckle and
any amount of currency and valuable
jewelry may be carried without the
slightest danger. And paper money Is
what should be taken, as it is light
and easy to handle. Any bank will
gladly exchange coin for paper and a
thousand dollars may be carried about
with no Inconvenience.
Smaller jewel bags may be purchased
or made at home out of a piece of cha
mois and suspended from the neck "by
ribbon, but they are not as strong, and
frequently are a great source of annoy
ance. If you are taking a flying trip
the purse that is attached to a round
garter Is often a convenience, for there
is no. danger of forgetting or leaving
It behind and besides it is easier to get
at than the one that hangs about th«
throat.
A heap has been said about selecting
berths and seats, but It so happens
that it Isn't always what you would
like that you get, but what chances
to be left and It is somewhat of a Hob
son's choice. It is true that the mid
dle of the car rides easier and If you
have a couple of weeks to make ar
rangements in, It Is well enough to se
lect a berth or a section there, but there
are few people who refuse anything
that remains when they are ready to
go or necessity demands it. However,
If you can arrange to be located in a
car in the middle of the train, it Is
wisest and best to do It. Accidents are
very rare, but there is no telling when
they might occur and, as a rule, the
cars in the middle of the train are the
safest/ Those In front frequently catch
on fire and the rear ones fly the track
and are completely ruined, but more
likely than not, the middle ones are
Jammed together with such force that
they come out on top of the pile and
the " occupants escape with nothing
more than a severe shaking up.
If you are going to a strange place It
is 'far better to ask for a guide and
look up the best hotel or ask the porters
or the conductor, for, generally speak
ing, they are walking Information bu
reaus and are always ready and eager
to display their knowledge. Never
grab your belongings in ono hand and
rush madly off the train before it really
comes to a standstill. Everything in
certain to be mor» or less confused, for
runners, hackmen and baggage men
are shouting 1 at the top of their lungs.
Rather wait and look about you leisure
ly and make up your mind Just what
you want to do. And then do It
promptly and In a businesslike fashion.
It Is always good policy for a lady
traveling alone to stop at the best hot°l
the place affords If she Is obliged to
stop over. There you may feel per
fectly secure and your pocketbook need
not suffer to any great extent either.
If you are backward about going di
rectly to the office a boy is always on
hand to serve you and all in the world
that remains to be done is to tell the
clerk to assign you a room not to ex
ceed a certain stipulated price, and iii
a few minutes you will be perfectly
snug and for the time be!ns your four
.walls will be your home. What dif
ference does It make If It is small. In
the back of the house and has no view
to speak of? Unless you have plenty of
money It Is better to economize in this
fashion, for one night more or less will
not kill your pride and you will have
Just that much more to spend when
you finally reach your destination.
In leaving look well ab- .t you, for it
Is very easy to forget little trifles that
have been used and tucked away.
The time was when it was considered
very bad form for a clrl to start out
of her native city by herself, but as !t
was not always convenient for her to
take a bodyguard alons she took th<?
matter Into hrr own hands and settled
things to suit herself. Why shouldn't
she? If she is well equipped, be
haves herself In a businesslike fashion
and as though she knew exactly -what
she was about no one ever gives her a
second glance or though, and she nay
travel around the world quite as s»ren*
and unruffled as any lord of creation
that ever lived.THE HUMAN HAND
««% _» AS it ever occurred to you in
I \ watching the movements of the
r~~j human hand to be struck by
X. J ■-> vague resemblance to some
•• wondrous flower, whose calyx
depths open und shut at will, as the
flve rosy-tipped petals unfold or close
over them?,* Five is a favorite number
In the flower world — dog roses and
forget-me-nots, meadow sweet, the
modest little eyeltright and the blood
red pimpernel, all these have five
petals, neither more nor less — and the
blossoms of the hemlock and the elder
flower, too. If we do but carefully
examine each separate one, of which
the whole beautiful little fairy-like
parasol is composed, we suon perceive
■that every single blossom consists of
five delicate petals, ranged round a
heart-shaped center, generally of a
different hue. Every campanula, even,
has five points or tips to each one of
Its bells, and as for the buttercups,
they have simply turned yellow with
envy at seeing themselves restricted
to the five broad plaits or folds of
their homely ruffles, while their neigh
bors, the daisies, great and small.
Flory in full white rufts, such. as in the
eld days our great-grandfather and
great-grandmothers wore.
Our hand then has been formed on
the self-same pattern as all these, in
accordance with that universal prin
ciple of hnrmony by which it would
seem that all things on the fame
planet are intended to live together
side by side to their mutual advan
tage and to work together to a com
mon end. Like their flower models
therefore our hands should serve as
the chalice that collects dew and
honey to nourish the whole frame, and
also in order to distribute to other be
ings who stand in need of such. For
this reason the liberal hand is ever
the most beautiful — the hand that
freely bestows on others for their
profit arid enjoyment the blessings of
which the accumulated knowledge
and skill of many generations have
made it a partaker. And because the
hand is the most perfect instrument
devised by Providence as a gift to
man it must be worthily employed, in
the rhythmic grace of every movement
pivfe t^igns of its divine origin; hence
the delight we feel in watching the
true artist at his work. And is there
anything lovelier than to see a baby
stretch out its tiny hands, with their
sweet shell-like palms and exquisite
roso-leaf fh:gers, to grasp and clutch
at vacancy?
If now, as it pleases me to fancy, the
hand— that truest friend and most trus
ty bt-rvant to man — do really in its
general outlines recall the image of
earth's fairest and most fragile orna
ments, we may turely conclude that
the tiovfrer-torm was chosen as its mod
« 1 f "r the purpose of ennobling its s:e.«»
tuxes and keeping- every action pure.
Had it b«-en detuned for utility alone,
™«" strength would have sufficed;
considerable dexterity even might quite
well have been realized independently
of that lightness of structure which
lenO.s grace to every movement and is
a perjetual satisfaction to our esthet
ic scr.se. No hand, however hardened
by exposure or deformed by toil, that
does not still, in its conformity to the
pattern-type, in this characteristic
blending of force with suppleness, re
tain traces of its noble origin and point
triumphantly to higher aims. Is not
the wondrous mechanism the same in
all the hands that are at work all over
the world, each in its own appointed
wa y ?
And if we consider the mechanism
are we not puzzled to decide which part
of it to admire most, whether the long
lithe fingers in their restless activity,
or the ingenious contrivance by which
the thumb, thoug-h furnished with one
Joint less than the rest, becomes by
reason of adaptability and position the
most indispensable member of the
whole group? The wrist, too — is there
In the anatomy of the whole human
frame any detail more marvelous and
perfect than that on which depends
the delicate play of the wrist— whose
flexibility lends distinction and charm
to the gestures of the orator and
actor, and is to the musician's touch
the source of ineffable sweetness and
fullness of tone, while In it resides
al«o the secret of the skillful handling
of his weapon, the swiftness and pre
cision of the fencer's thrust and parry
DO YOU EVER TEACH YOUR CHILD TO ASK QUESTIONS?
IT IS perfectly natural for every
health}' child to ask frequent ques
tions. Every sense reaches out
after knowledge. Before he can
speak he looks his questions. After
he can talk he Is always ready to ask
th*m. The parent who undertakes to
answer all the questions which a child
may ask will have but llttla time for
anything else. It Is, therefore, very
hard to 5ay what it is best for a parent
to do with reference to the many ques
tions.
The answer to a question is the be
ginning uf knowledge. But for the an
ewers which a child receives to his
questions he could make no start in
knowledge. His progress ends when he
can no longer receive answers from
bocks or from ether sources. That pa
rent whose child doe3 not desire to ask
questions is to be pitied. He should con
sult a doctor in the hope of discover
ing the cause of the affliction. Such a
child !s in danger of death from intel
lectual starvation.
The tendency of children to ask ques
tions should be rrfade of great use In
the trainins of children. It opens the
door ta the child's mind and to his
heart c£ well. For this reason, If prop
erly understood, they may prove to be
blessings in disguise, not only to the
child, but to the parents as well.
The , natural tendency of the tired
pair :it is to endeavor to repress, or en
tirely prr-vent, the child asking ques
tions. This is very wrong. The effort
whi'.h the parent f-hould make Is to
train the child to ask the right kind of
questions, and to ask them at the
proper time. The parent who can do
this will have little trouble from this
source.
No parent ehould fail to remember
that curiosity is most natural to all,
and especially to children. Since It is
? o, children Ehould not be criticized for
asking questions. The child finds every
thing fu>; of mystery. If he is gifted
with tie average intelligence he can-
as of the horseman's conduct of th«
reins ?
They are alike in all essentials— the
little hand whose dainty fingers guide
the needle through some gossamer web
of finest lace, and the massive fist, in
whose gigantic grasp a bar of iron
seems a toy. Down there by the
Rhine, which I see flow past as 1 write,
one pair of busy hands is twining the
rope, with which later on other hands
no less industrious will reef the sails of
one of the many little boats floating
upon the stream. Everywhere upon
the face of the earth men's hands are
employed, with the pen or with the
Fpade, at the easel or the plow, sow
ing, reaping:, building incessantly, for
ever engaged in the inexorable struggle
for life, or collectively toiling in the
carrying out of some great scheme, the
raising of some mighty monument.
And Just this common action it is
which forms an unconscious tie of uni
versal brotherhood, stronger and' fur
ther reaching than the narrower arti
ficial conventions founded on reciproc
ity of interest.
The hand is the link between, man
and man; it signs the pledge of every
social bond, its symbolism plays an im
portant part in all the functions of
public life— whether it be as trie priest
ly hand, uplifted in solemn benedic
tion, or ap the silent witness to spoken
words, -when raised on high to testify
to the sanctity of an oath. Clasped
hands are the emblem of the alliance
of nations as of individuals; the frank
grasp of the hand is the token of loyal
friendship; the outstretched hand the
sign of welcome; the reconciliation
which puts an end to a bitter lifelong
feud is attested by the simple action of
Joining hands. Man's instinctive hom
age to woman is never better expressed
than by the touch of his lips upon her
hands — the chivalrous deference to the
whole sex is most fittingly symbolized
in this simple action. The recognition
of Its high import has caused numer
ous proverbial expressions 'relating to
the hand to pass into our daily speech;
to go through life "hand in hand" has
become synonymous of the most entire
union In thought and deed; we speak of
those who are unduly influenced by
others as having fallen "into their
hands," and the expression "to lend a
hand" is equivalent to giving help in
uny form— not necessarily of a material
nature. Above all, the supreme beauty
of the hand — its instinctive abhorrence
of the touch that contaminates, of all
base, unworthy action, its shrinking
from aught that might sully its native
purity— is not all this admirably
summed up in the popular acceptation
of "clean hands" as the symbol pf un
stained honor?
This supreme significance of the hand
in social intercourse has its counterpart
in its importance to the individual or
ganism, where it serves as a swift and
sure medium of correspondence be
tween consciousness and the outer
world. The physical evolution of the
human race scarce records an acquisi
tion so valuable as* that of this sensi
tive and highly elaborated member
which has become — like speech itself — a
vehicle for the rendering in concrete
form of mental conceptions, the dictates
of the will and the impressions of the
senses. In the written characters it
traces, thereby lending enduring form
to the thought of passing generations,
in the figures it models In clay or
carves in imperishable marble, as in the
pictures wherein by means of line and
color it fixes on the canvaa fleeting
scenes of the outer world or still fairer
glimpses of the interior vision— in all
these processes we perceive the hand
at work as the trained instrument —
almost we might say as the conscious
agent — and the services it renders in
giving objective life to the creations of
the latter are indeed of incalculable
worth. Nor are these services con
fined to the plastic arts alone — though
their action there is paramount and
indispensable— but music also, that
most ethereal language of the human
soul. Music Itself would lose at least
half of its significance and be shut out
from the sphere of its most complex
development had there not been be
stcrwed upon us, in addition to the sing-
Ing voice, the fingers, whose touch upon
keys or strings has power to draw from
their depths the hidden sweetness slum
bering within. Man's noblest ideas
must in course of time have perished,
sterile and forgotten, had there been
no means of recc-rding them; the high
est flights of the imagination could
not help seeking to find an explanation
for the wonderful things which sur
round him. Yet it Is reported on good
authority that some parents have been
heard to exclaim, "Stop asking me
questions!" "You will drive me
crazy!" "Don't bother me with any
more questions!" "I'll whip you if you
don't stop asking me questions!" The
parents' attitude should rather be
shown by such statements as the fol
lowing: "I am very glad to have you
ask me proper questions about what
you wish to know. I am busy now, but
this evening I will try to answer your
questions." Who will doubt the differ
ence in effect upon any child?-
In answering a child's questions the
parent should remember that, in most
case?, the child Is not -seeking for the
details of knowledge. He generally
wants only the main facts. He does not
wan 4 an extended discourse on any
SMALL TRICKS OF GRAFTERS OF VARIOUS SORTS
q^HE recent uncovering of such
I flagrant and far-reaching corrup
1 tion on the part of the public of-
X ficials in different places has
shocked the moral sense of the coun
try. It is so distinct and peculiar a
type of wrongdoing that a new term
has had to be invented to describe it
or at least an old word given a new
meaning. The term "grafting" has al-.
ways had an honorable signification in
pomolosical circles and it is too bad
that it should now have to undergo so
humiliating an experience as' is in
volved In its degradation to its present
popular use. But far more humiliat
ing to our national pride is the thing
for which it now stands. It may well
give pause .to some of our vain boast-
Ings and Induce a mood of serious In
trospection. Are we after all as highly
never have j taken shape but for this
interpreter.
But it is above all in its untrained
spontaneous movements, in the dlrc.-t
and involuntary expression of strung
and swift emotion, that the hand's
truest eloquence lies. Races among
whom the hahit of gesticulation has
died out can perhaps hardly appreciate
the full force of meaning to be conveyed
in^the graceful and appropriate ges
tures of a pair of shapely hands. Just
as an expressive countenance may be
likened to a mirror that reflects the
hidden workings of the soul, so may
every turn, every twist — nay, the mer
est quiver of the hand — serve— more
definitely and more accurately even
than the most mobile play of feature —
as a revelation of each passing mood,
each fleeting impulse or impression.
From the loving caress a light touch
imparts, to the fierce malediction, is
there any shade of feeling so subtle or
Twenty-First Talk to Parents by William J. Shearer
subject. Therefore most answers to
young children should be very short
and to the point. If parents would but
remember this they would find much
less trouble in answering the many
questions which are sure to come.
Some questions . require - more time
and thought. They therefore cannot
well be answered at the time. This is
especially the case with questions of
older children.' Such questions may be
postponed until a more suitable occa
sion. The important matter is that the
child should feel that he is free to
ask questions about those things which
are of interest to him, but concerning
which he has no sure means of gain
ing information. If he has a way of
finding the answer by reference to cy-
civilized as we thought we were? Are
we really in the van of the Christian
nations of the world?
There is one compensation, to be
sure, in the fact that brave men have
arisen like Mr. Folk of St. Louis, Mr.
Percy Jones in Minneapolis and Mr.
Bristow at "Washington to expose this
rottenness, to hound down the men
tainted with it and force them to reck
on with an outraged public conscience.
There are still left in public life in
America incorruptible and fearless
souls and the majority of citizens have
not become so dull to ethical distinc
tions that they do not condemn evil
doing and evil-doers when they are
once brought to light
But before we proceed to togs a great
many stones in the direction of known
and convicted offenders let us recognize
the fact that grafting has become a
national vice, creeping Insidiously into
iTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH.
so intense, that it cannot be rendered
iri this mute language, which— unlike
the forms of articulate speech — is not
restricted to any special branch of the
human race, but is equally clear and
comprehensible to all? Can we mistake
their purport, these convulsive signs of
Joy or sorrow, hope or fear — the depre
catory or disdainful wave, the start of
surprise or nervous tremor of doubt,
the rapid beating together of the palms
In acclamation, the spasmodic clench
ing of the fist in anger or despair?
Do they not tell their own tale, these
clopedia, to some other book or in some
other way, he should be required to
answer his own question.
Many times parents will be asked
questions which they cannot answer.
If such Is the case a parent should not
hesitate to say, "I do- not know, but if
you are anxious to understand I will
look It up and explain it to you later."
Many parents refuse to do this lest
the children think less of them. Is this
not a mistake? Even the child soon
learns that the field of knowledge is
boundless. He soon comes to know
that it is impossible for any person to
know even a small part of what is to
be known. While to some parents the
whole world is a field, to others a field
is a world. Why, then, should they
all kinds of business and fastening its
tentacles Upon many a man supposed
to be thoroughly honest. It is not for a
moment to, be thought that the only
grafters in the land are in St. Louis
oi*" in Grand Rapids or in a compara-.
tively narrow set of postofflce employes.
Grafting exists openly or under the
nose in every city and town of the land.
For what is grafting? It is the filching
through channels peculiarly accessible
of the individual funds that belong to
a corporation or to - a people at large.
And here we come across a remarkable
and . distressing fact. A man who
would not put hi3 hand. into the pocket
of : his neighbor, who would scorn to
enter a store at night and rob a safe,
will use his connection with a city
government or a great corporation to
enrich" himself at the expense of others.
Somehow it seems so less culpable to
steal from a soulless "corporation or
hands, now outstretched in eager en
treaty, now thrown protectlngly around
some cherished object, or again silently
wrung in agony or clasped In prayer?
In their dumb show, defiance or scorn,
wonder, horror and remorse are made
visible to us, as it were by so many
lightning flashes cast upon the somber
drama perpetually being enacted
within the narrow limits of our con
ventionalities, every strong outburst of
natural feeling being so systematically
repressed, that we must needs betake
ourselves to more primitive people,
not be. frank with their children in this
matter,, as in other things?
Again, there are -questions which it
is not right or best that parents should
answer. Such questions may be passed
over with the statement that they can
not be explained now, or that it is not
necessary for them to understand it
at this time. They may be told that
when the time comes all these things
will be made clear to them.
. There are many things which it is not
safe for a child to have. Some would
be injurious, if not fatal. There are
many other things which it is not best
for a child to possess. As his protector,
it Is the parent's business to see that
the child does not get what is injurious.
These things it is easy for the parent
from all the people than to steal from,
say, John Jones. It is one way of
eking out a salary which seems too
small. It is only a little sin and lots
, of other people, are doing it all the
time/ . ' £y£\;
Ah, yes, that is the awful pity 'of it.
The sin runs through American life.
The drummer brings into the house a
big bill for '/expenses'* arid these may
coyer portions of his own wardrobe or
the furnishings' of his house. The in
surance agent, ft he can manage to do
it, divides his commission with the man
whose policy, her is .writing, when he is
well aware of ; the rule of his. company
forbidding suctf action. I have even
known preache'ra who have the as
surance to go into their pulpits Sunday
morning with messages taken, without
credit from another, man's < writings. .
And how about the rank and file of us? .
How many of us, when" the conductor.
and a less artificial state of societ>,
in order to behold the picturesque dis
play of uncontrollable and uncontrolled
passion, yet, the artistic beauty and
dramatic sincerity of such manifesta
tions is amply testified to among us by
the important development lent them
as aids to oratory" and the actor's art.
Both at the tribune and on the stage
appropriate gesture furnishes a sort of
running accompaniment to speech, and
much of their success who thus "suit
the action to the word" is due t« the
persuasive power of this mute auxil
iary.
Yet modern training is on the whole
too much concerned with mere mus
cular development and too exclusive
ly utilitarian in its tendencies to pay
proper attention to the culture of this
noble member, hence the finest speci
mens of grace and suppleness are
chiefly to be found among those na
tions who have not yet learned to con
sider material prosperity as the test of
to refuse. The sharp knire. tne douib
of poison, the loaded revolver, would be
denied a child very quickly. However,
too many find it almost impossible to
refus« many things which the child
should not have, even though they are
not especially harmful.
How hard it is for a loving parent to
refuse to give what a child cries for or
what it pleads for! It gives so much
pleasure to make the child happy. He
enjoys it so much that it is Indeed very
hard to refuse where It is possible to
grant the request Yet the most un
kind, treatment any parent can give is
to grant everything asked for. Such a
course means almost certain ruination.
How many parents do not appreciate
to its fullest extent the truth of this
statement!
That every child should be denied
that which will injure him all must
readily admit. Yet is it not a fact that
falls to take up our ticket, seek him
out at the end of our journey and yield
up the bit of pasteboard which, if it
remains in our pockets, is stolen prop
erty? When the waiter at the res
taurant brings us a- check which repre
sents an amount smaller than what we
have actually purchased, how many of
us will ask him to rectify the error?
If he had overcharged us how quick we
would have been to seek redress.
"Thou shalt not steal*' is bur mes
sage to-day. The commandment Is as
old as the code of Moses, but how few
to-day obey it in the letter and in the
spirit? Thou shalt not steal another
man's pocketbook. Thou shalt not steal
his thought, the product of hard men
tal labor. Thou shall not steal time
from thy corporation or funds belong
ing to it.- Thou shalt not steal from
the people who have honored you with
public office. THE PARSON.
civilization, nor success In commer
cial enterprise as one of the principal
factors In the same. For the beauti
ful slim hand, shapely and supple, we
must go to the least nourishing of the
Latin nations — the Spaniard^" notably
— or to the Slavs, the Gypsies even,
and the handsomest of so-called sav
age . tribes. Or better still, we must
go back to ages that cherished ajid re
spected the nobility of the hand. It
has been said that the armor worn by
our ancestors in the middle ages ut
fords conclusive proof of the smti!lnes:i
of the hand which, wielded their henvy
battleases and huge two-handled
swords, and that scarcely in any in
stance would the iron gauntlet worn
by the Crusader allow entrance to his
descendant's broader and clumsier
hand. I think that nowadays we pay
far too little attention to the hand. In
its way quite as interesting and aa well
worthy of study a3 the face, indeed
often affording far surer indication of
our thoughts. To a certain extent we
can control our faces, but how much
less our hands, whose involuntary p:i!
pitations-and pulsatlor.r, not only be
tray — as "thought readers" are well
aware — the sensations of ths moment,
but also give evidence of our habitual
occupations. All hands hive their
own beauty and meaning, if rightly
considered. The hand hardened by
honest labor is as admirable in its way
as that which guides the pen or pencil.
producing works destined to immor
tality. Sometimes though, innate vul
garity, successfully hidden under ex
terior polish in the rest of the person,
is apparent in the hand alone — some
times even the tendency to crime. It
is as if to hands like these evil clun^r
like "the smell of the blood" that
haunts the sleep of the guilty partner
of Macbeth's usurped throne.
Allusions to the supreme "significance
of the hand are frequent with the p->
ets. Readers of Mrs. Browning's Soii
nets cannot fail to recall that first kiss
imprinted by the lips of the poet-lover
Camoens on "the fingers of this hand
wherewith I write," and the loveliness
of Guinevere "as she swayed the rein
with dainty finger-tips" is also a re
membrance familiar to all. "A hand
like a white-wood blossom." sings an
other English poet In exquisite verse,
while the whole dramatic action ct
perhaps the best known play uf the
great contemporary poet of Italy cen
ters in the lovely hands of its heroine,
the sculptor's wife.
"Oh! for the touch of a vanished
hand!" we all have surely sighed at
some moment of our lives. And who
can think of hands and their beauty
and their charm without calling u>
mind those that the genius of Vandyck
has fixed In imperishable loveliness
upon his canvas, each one of them so
perfect, it would seem as if Art and
Nature could go no further, the one in
furnishing the model, the other tn its
portrayal. Hands such as these fitly
set off in the lace ruffles of those more
refined and happier days, could belong
to none but high and noble natures; the
very soul of the magnanimous Cava
lier seems to speak in them. That was
the age of beautiful hands in Europe,
and who can tell, I ask once more, how
much we may have lost by the neglect
that has succeeded the care and atten
tion then bestowed on them? And do
we value enough, or turn to sufficient
account, the strange power of attrac
tion, the magnetic force known to em
anate from certain hands, whose mi
raculous results have been attested at
all periods and in all parts of the world
—the laying on of hands, so practiced
In Apostolic ages, and for many centu
ries later, and now fallen into disuse?
But the theme Is so rich in its sug
gestions, these would lead us too far.
It was while sitting at my typewriter
that the perfection of the hand as a
piece of mechanism came upon me with
redoubled force — as I realized all tho
ingenuity and pains which man had
expended in making an instrument
after all so infinitely inferior to the
corresponding instrument in the human
frame. And I realized, too. for the first
time, the incalculable speed of thought.
in the appreciable fraction of time that
intervenes in the transmission of that
thought to the fingers from the brain.
But the result of all my musings was
only as ever to fill me with more and
more wonderment at the divine mys
tery of all creation, and more and more
thankfulness for the blessings that in
that marvelous scheme have been so
fully and freely bestowed upon man.
many children are not denied many
things which do, in reality, do harm?
It Is wrong to give a child every Joy
it wishes. It is positively injurious to
give a child to- eat whatever he asks for.
Every parent must judge for himself
what the child should be denied and
what he should be granted. No parent
should fall to see the importance of re
fusing even though It means tempo
rary pain for the child or even for the
parent. •
Childhood should be the happiest
time of life. ! A child should suffer no
more pain than is necessary to proper
ly train him for the life which is to
come. He should not be met with de
nial at every turn. However, the fact
remains that it is of great Importance
that every child should find quite early
in life that his every wish cannot be
granted. Most parents cannot have
nearly everything they desire. To b»
happy In life they must learn to forego
many pleasures they would like to en-
Joy, and jret into the habit of enjoying
greatly those things which they do
have. Thu^. only, will their lives be
happy. Is it not likely that the child
will also fall to get many things he will
wish to have when he is older? Is it
not very important that he should be
trained to take, as a matter of course,
his failures to secure many things he
asks for? Only thua will he be fitted
to meet life's many disapointments.
Most children of the present time ex
pect far more than they should. Their
parents were glad for the wagon made
from an old box, with spools for
wheels. The child to-day Is satisfied
with nothlns less than automobiles of
various sizes and colors. The parent
was glad, perhaps, for a rag doll which
was loved for its hideousness. The
child of to-day must have a whole
family of expensive dolls, made as life
like as possible. The parents considered
themr*lves fortunate If they were
given the privilege of looking at a
book, even though not at all suited to
their age. Now the child la given
many books prepared expressly for
children. Is It any wonder that chil
dren expect much more than it Is nec
essary or best that they should have?
1314
Almost
incredible
Development
Since the
tS£iog>tin Was
Overthrown
Only
Thirty-Six
Years Ago.
T-T APAN is sitting up and taking no
1 lice! In fact, she opened one eye
\ in 18C4, when Perry's squadron
Qj ran into the bay of Yeddo, for a
quasi treaty was made then and
there between him and the Shogun. In
1S68 Japan opened the other and
proceeded to stare the nations of the
earth straight in the face and de
manded to know just what they meant
by sending their envoys to treat with
the wrong: person.
And, indeed, strange as it seem?.
cueh had been actually the case.
Under an erroneous impression th»
Shogun was thought to be the Em
peror of Japan and all dealings were
accordingly carried en with him. The
title of Taikun was then for the first
time need, and as its literal meaning
is the "great ruler" was employed for
the oecarion by the Tokugawa officials
to convey the distinct impression that
their chief, the Shogun. was in reality
the lord paramount. However, one in
cident, trifling in itself, shows tha^j
i his usurper had some doubts as to his
strength and privileges, for never even
in these early treaties was the title
corresponding to "his Majesty" as
sumed by the Shogun. But he was s<>
shrewd and clever that his actual po
sition remained unknown to the for
eign envoys for over fourteen year.s.
and during these years if he could not
be correctly called the power on the
throne he was at least the power be
hind It.
The office of the all powerful Shogun
or commander in chief o,f the military
power was created In the eleventh cen
tury and was held by sheer force. In
the middle apes the warlike families
in turn seized the throne and kept it
as long as they could, until two rival
clans found themselves about equal in
inliuence and strength.
The Mikado, evidently realizing his
own weakness before these arrogant
military dictators, and, fearing that
i their power might become too great,
tried to p!ay them off one against
the other. For instance. If one of the
Taira rebelled the Emperor authorized
the Minamoto to rebuke him, and as
a consequence both clans were only too
delighted to obtain an imperial com
mission against the other. Incessant
intrigue ana even bloodshed was the
order of the day until the twelfth cen
tury, when the questicm wag finally
settled in open warfare. Torttomo, the
leading spirit of the Minamoto, was
the victor, and he straightway -went
to work to set up a kingdom of his
own and never once did he falter until
he had built a city that was the capi
tal of East Japan.
To such an extent did he overawe
the neighboring provinces that in 1192
th«- Emperor dispatched a special en
voy to invest him with the office of ttia
Shogun (literally, "barbarian-subjugat
ing generalissimo") and he and each
Shogun who came after him were thus
. nominated commanders In chief whose
duty it was to preserve peace and
tranquillity in Eastern Japan.
Thus the creating of another great
power gave rise to the common belief
that Japan really possessed two em
perors—one "spiritual," residing at
Kioto, and the other "temporal," resid
ing at Kamakura and afterward at
Yeddo. As the Emperor is believed to
be an "earthly deity," or son of a demi
god, this idea was not unnatural, for
while the Shogun owed allegiance and
was invested by the Emperor, his new
position as supreme head of the mili
tary force, and his influence over the
powerful lords of the country made
him In reality almost the equal of tho
sovereign in his own right. Such a
state of affairs, strange as it was,
lasted until the revolution in 1868, •
when the Shogun's power was pitifully
shattered and the Mikado reinstated in
his all-supreme position.
Of course the two courts of the rul
ers could not help Lut differ greatly.
The attendants of the Emperor were
the o!d court nobles, descended from
the imperial line, and hile mapy of
them possessed anything but ample
means, their rank was recognized by
all classes. On the other hand, the
court of the military leader was vastly
different. Instead of birth, ability
counted and the men who were noted
lor their warlike skill and great terri
torial possessions were the ones who
found favor.
This in itself gave rise to the feudal
system that was inaugurated in Japan.
The powerful territorial nobles were
called the daimio and the petty nobility
the latamoto. The latter, about 80,000
strong, resided constantly at Yeddo,
but the daimio were forced to come to
the city only at stated Intervals, and
spent the rest of their time at their
castles in their provinces. One thing
they were obliged to do, however, to in
sure their good behavior, and that was
to leave their wives and families be
hind as a sort of a hostage. As the
power of the Shogun became more and
more strong he slowly but firmly placed
restrictions and terms upon the daimio,
until they were treated solely as feudal
vassals, with a host of regulations that
they were forced to follow out.
Instead of being a united empire
that acknowledged the Mikado as its
sovereign, Japan was portioned out
into any number of fiefs, that were in
reality petty kingdoms. Each fief was
ruled by a daimio, • assisted by some
councilors and a few other officials, but
the daimio was supreme in his own fief
and settled such matters as taxes and
the issuing and valuation of paper
money.
Such a rule was thoroughly bad
in more ways .than one. A per
son traveling: was put to a great
deal of inconvenience, for his money
was not good outside of his own terri
tory, and it put him to an endless
amount' of trouble and expense to make
an exchange in order that he might
travel comfortably and in style befit
ting his rank. Again, the power to tax
was frequently turned Into -abuse. In
some cases, to be sure, the position of
the wretched peasantry was duly con
sidered, but the great majority of times
the ruler cared little how • much .he
wrung: from his miserable serfs as long:
rilE SAN. ,7KANa5C0 .SUXDAS:. CALZ.
JAPAN'S
AWAKENING
THE TIME OF THE WORLD.
/^O deep is the interest in the progress of the Russi •.n-Japanese war and yet so universal i the confusion
Ok over the difference in the time between San Francisco and other Pacific t-'oast points and the scene of
1 ) the conflict in the Orient that faw can tell at precisely what- hour of the day or night, or'even the day
4*"^ of the week, important battles have been fought or are taking place. The Sunday Call has secured from
the United States Branch Hydrographic Office "at 331 Sansome street trie schedule of clocks printed above,
which furnishes an excellenfc and accurate basis for computatio .'
Thus between San Francisco and London there, is eight hours difference, while between San'.Frar.cieco and Port
Arthur there is sixteen hours difference.^ In other words, when it is noon on Sunday (to-day, for instance) iu San
Francisco it is 8 o'clock on Sunday night in London and 4 o'clock to-morrow, (Monday) morning in Port Arthur.'
Similarly the above table shows "the , difference in time between San Francisco; and all the principal cities
in the world from which news of the war in China" is being or, may be . received. : Therefore by cutting out this
schedule of clock dials and' pasting it up. for ready preference you- may. accurately compute the" difference in time
at any hour of the day or nieht between' San Francisco and any of the cities named aboye.br cHh*r points ad
jacent thei\Qk ;'■■;" . "/ . ?v«i'-i . •
as he was able to live a life of ease and
luxury. : •
But this' state of affairs couldn't go
on forever. Petty jealousies and quar-
rels were constantly arising among the
daimio themselves, until finally the sa
cred palace of the Shogun was dese
crated with bloodshed and strife. Every
person in Japan, whether great or sim
ple, rose simultaneously, and the revo
lution in '68 was a complete restoration
of the Mikado to his rightful own.
The Shogun was declared an usurper
and the only thing that was left for
him to do was to retire, which he did
in 1867, to ; the province of Suruga
with only the .title .of a lord of the
empire, and with 'his passing the
ancient form of government returned
and the feudal- system" that had been
such a powerful factor was entirely
destroyed." ' /
From a nation that was in seclusion
from the rest "of .the world and that
hated 'outsiders to such an extent that
any of Us inhabitants were forbidden
to leave- its sh'ores under penalty of
death, Japan suddenly waked up and
the progress that she has made has
been something truly astounding. She
suddenly came out of her long sleep,
and aided and abetted by Marquis Ito,
who is really the connecting link be
tween new and old Japan, has rapidly
come to be considered a power in the
world.
Ito wa3 a boy of 12 when Perry ran
into the bay of Yeddo. He was a noble
man, although of the lowest grade,
and, as a consequence, was being
schooled in the matters of etiquette
and tea ceremonies and to consider
himself one of the flowers of his be
loved nation. Being a retainer of the
Shogun, he was frequently sent on
political missions to Toklo, but instead
of regarding the foreigners that were
commencing to pour Into the port as
the dust beneath his feet, he made it
his business to learn all he could about
them "and their customs and ways.
When he reached the age of 19 he
was fully convinced that his Govern
ment would never be able to exclude
the 'foreigners and he resolved to pay
them a visit in their own land. With
five friends he led the way to the
home of a British merchant, one Mr.
Keswick, who had promised -to help
him when he was called upon to do so.
After evading the authorities they
finally reached a ship, but the captain
stubbornly refused to permit them to
sail with him. He wouldn't run the
risk of breaking: the Japanese law and
of being refused an entrance to their
port. Besides he might cause trouble for
his own country. But, though Ito little
dreamed that he would later be Pre
mier, of his country, he displayed the
same forethought that has always
made him' stand Out distinctly above
his fellows.
Thinking that there might be trou
ble, he had persuaded his boyish
friends, intent on what they consid
ered a lark, to cut off their queues.
Japan would no longer recognize them
as Japanese and as noblemen they
would not stand the degradation and
either they sailed on that ship or com
mitted suicide by the refined code of
hara-kiri. The result waa they sailed,
for the captain was between the devil
and the deer> blue sea. Five dead
men would Le harder to account for
than five live ones.
This was Ito's first lesson with the
outside world, and it taught him that
the noblemen of Japan, accustomed
to- idling" away their time with fans
and being waited on hand and foot,
were no better than anybody else, and
if the truth were, told not considered
half as good. While they paid their
full fare; and. went as passengers, the
Previous
to This Last
Revolution
Japan Was
Governed in
Barbaric
Ignorance by
Feudal Military
Despot.
captain considered It his bounden
duty to get even with them for forc
ing him to take part in their flight,
and they were made to do the work
of common sailors, which in their eyes
was a great disgrace. To do the work
of a low bred coolie was bad enough,
but to do it for the despised foreign
er was the last dregs of a very bitter
cup.
Yet Ito was philosopher enough to
admit a fact, however unpleasant it
might be, and when he saw the prog
ress of other countries he realized that
Japan simply had to change her en
tire code of civilization or be ruled
under a foreign flag.
Eight months' constant duty had
passed In England when they received
word that a port in their own province
was about to be bombarded on ac
count of the harassing of foreign ves
sels that approached too near the hos
tile shore. All the love for their coun
try came to the front in an instant
and the five refugees, disguised as
Portuguese, rushed home to give their
lord the benefit of their occidental
study. Eut their persuasion amount
ed to nothing — the barbarians wer*
told to do their worst, and that worst
leveled the city of Kagoshima to th»
ground and sent what was left of a
tiny army rushing? away looking and
calling for protection.
Then it was that Ito and his clow
and lasting: friend. Count Inouy*
stepped in and practically revolution
ized the Government. The boys that
returned were In constant danger for
they had violated one of the moct
zealously guarded laws and ths pen
alty had not been dealt out. But thay
were so necessary, with their new and
advanced ideas, and the clouds that
already cast their shadows over ths
islands looked so heavy and threaten
ing, that they were chosen as advisers
instead and their instructions w«r«
faithfully and fully carried out.
Things that had never been heard of
were actually accomplished in th»
twinkling of an eye and prejudices
that had lived through centuries wera
brushed as lightly away as though
they were cobwebs. Instead of war
being a sort of pastime for the noble
men it became a business for every
body.
For the first time In the history of
Japan common men stood side by sld»
with the gentry, and the Mikado had a
trained army that had strength and
foVce behind it.
Modern Japan is perhaps due more
to Ito than any one or anything else.
and his has been the great power that
has been felt for the past twenty or
more years. Whether he was the Pre
mier or whether he was the power be
hind the Premier ha3 mattered little to
him as long as he accomplished his
ends — and that ha3 been to see his
country rank with the nations of the
earth, commercially, socially and. in
fact, in every other way. To be felt as
a world power has been his ambition,
and never for a single instant has he
relinquished his grip of iron.
"A nation cannot stand still." he once
said. "It must go forward or back
ward. Expansion is a natural law. Ac
cept everything that comes to you."
and he might have added, "if you see
any possibilities of its coming go half
way or more to meet it." So la it any
wonder that Japan has come to the
front in such an amazing fashion in
these late years? With such a power
ful hand steering her she could scarcely
do otherwise but sail straizht Into her
destined port.RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
■ &
tC«.;y right. by Thomas Fitch.)
TUIUlITORiAL appointments are
often a rubject of sore perplexity
.it the Wbi«« House, and the
President nev?r lived who could
satisfy at onoo'^c applicants r.nd the
people whom they arc sent to rule.
Th- national conventions usually en
act resolutions declaring: that Terri
torial appointments should he made
from r.mong # the citizens of n. Terri
tory, and the incoming President as
a rule pays about as much attention
to the resolutions as the pig paid to
the request of his driver to proceed in
the 'jirection of Cork, when his pork
•thip waa headed for Kilkenny. Del
egate Mark Srr.'th of Arizona, who
xviLs a favorite with Grover Cleveland.
once called at the \Yhit3 House to re
mor.strnte sgalnn a pending appoint
mer.*. of a stranger from tho East to a
Territorial office. He reminded the
"President of a. resolution of the na
tion;;! convention to the effect that
ru«.h appointments should be made
from Territorial residents. "Mark."
burst forth tin? badgerci-^fxecutive.
"go and read the records, ><ad the
applications from Arizona and read
the protests and affidavits against
them, and if you can find a single of
fif seeking Arizonan who on the
showing made ought not to be in the
penitentiary I will appoint him."
To send acceptable strangers to a
distant Territory, as England sent her
ancient spinsters in the eighteenth
century around the Cape of Good Hope
"for India and a market," is a task
the performance of which is not free
from difficulty. It is the lame ducks
who seek a chance to swim In distant
■waters. It is the cripples of politics
who desire to carry their limps to a.
new land. It is those who have been
discarded by conventions or who have
been beaten at the polls who seek the
Territorial offices, and Congressmen
and Senators who have succeeded are
only too anxious to provide abroad
for those maimed ones who cannot* be
j.roiided for at home, and so the Ter
ritories have often, despite of national
convention resolutions, been made of
fal heaps on which to deposit the
ETrecpings of Eastern caucuses.
Hawaii was freed from the blessing
or Llijht of non-resident appointments
through the insertion by Congress in
.her organic act of a clause providing
that appointments should be made only
from those who had been three years
rfcfiifnt In the Territory. This clause
was not after all an unmixed blessing,
because of local conditions never exist
ing in any other Territory. There was
nit a man in Hawaii of sufficient abil
ity nr character to be fit for Territorial
office who had not actually either
foupht or favored annexation. Hawaii
did not come to the arms of Uncle Sain
a biushing but willing bride. She was
married a la Sabine, with a black eye
and a bloody nose for her trousseau. I
am hot proposing to discuss here or at
this day the wrongs of Queen Liliuo
kelani or the righteousness of the acts
of these who struck her crown from
her head. Hawaii Is with us now, for
good and all, and I rejoice, as every
.American citizen ought to rejoice, that
the flag is there, however it got there.
But the problem which annexation
created ought not to be ignored. It has
ever been the policy of wise victors to
reconcile and not to irritate the van
quished. Rome made friends of Goth
and Gaul by enrolling them under her
eagles and sending them to fight In Af
rica. Diaz transformed captured ban
dits into policemen by giving them
their choice between death and enlist
ment. "Great men gain doubly when
they make foes friends." The Governor
and executive officers and Judges of
Hawaii had to be appointed either
from those who helped annexation or
from those who fought it. and as be
tween those two factions It was logical.
It was. Indeed, inevitable, that the an
nexationists should receive the places.
Under all the circumstances most of
the appointments were successes. The
present Circuit bench averages well for
Independence and ability. The Supreme
bench, although somewhat saturated
\vi:h the ideas of paternalism acquired
under a monarchial government, is rea
sonably fair, and is certainly rigidly
hc::est, rind Governor — now United
Etctes District Judge — Sar.ford B. Dole
has eureiy most successfully steered his
Efcip of Etate through vexed waters.
His successor. George A. Carter, has
his record to make. He is a Harvard
graduate, a broad man. a lifetime resi
dent cf Honolulu and he possesses the
conf.dence of his friends and the re
spect of his encmiis.
Hawaiian legislatures and courts
have followed California precedents and
California prejudices In dealing with
the Chinese. As early as 16S1 the Su
prerr.c Court of California set the pace
in People vs. Ha!!, reported In 4th Cali
fornia 339. that the evidence of a Chi
i.nman would not be received in a Cal
ifornia court because, not being
v.hite, be was therefore black, that be
ing black- he was therefore a neirro
■within the meaning of the California
r.tatuU-, which excluded negroes from
the witness stand.
And in order to clinch the matter the
court further decided that when Co
lumbus discovered America he was
loolclng for India and supposed that he
had found it; that he therefore called
the aborigines "Indians"; that the
terra W2S generic; that India and Asia
were convertible terms; that a China
man being an Asiatic was therefore
an Indian, and being an Indian was
prohibited by law from * testifying
against a white man, and so Mr. Hall,
the proud Caucasian who had been im
properly convicted on negro-Indian
testimony of shooting a Chinaman into
glory, was ordered to be released.
Later this class of legislation was
ittvept from the statute books, and a
Chinaman was allowed to testify, but
courts and juries reserved the privilege
of not' believing him.
The Chinere are 'cunning as well as
Hand, and they entirely appreciate the
nics points of a lawsuit. I have had,
i;i the course of my practice, a fewChl
ncse ciients. but nose do I bear In mind
as more coo! and collected .than Sam
Lee. He was a hi- ./•Inder. a fantan
dealer, a fist and gun fighter and an
r."-round Chinese bad man. He was ac
cused \>y « fellov.- Celestial of assault
with in: rut. to commit murder, and I
was employed to defend the accused.
Tin* prose :-V7!r"- witness was *a little.,
weazened old Chinaman, who compre
hended no English and testified through
an interpreter.. He mounted the wit
ness stand with woebegone features
and his arm in a 6!ln<- from the effects
of a wound inflicted by my client.
From what Sam Lti 1 \ told me I had
lillle hopp of securing his acquittal, un
less I could break down or exclude tha
testimony of the prosecuting witness.
With this laudable end in view I asked
of the Justice the privilege of examin
ing the witness on his voir dire. His
Honor did not kn. xr exactly what a
voir dire was, but I was persona grata
In hi3 court, and he blandly granted
my request.
"Ask this man," said I to the inter
preter, "if he understands the nature of
an oath."
The accomplished linguist who ren
dered the Chinese vernacular into
pidgin English and transformed Eng
lish slang into pidgin Chinese. Jabbered
away for a moment, received the reply
of the witness and responded, "All
light; he say he sabe." .
"Well, if he understands the nature
of an oath, let him explain it."
Again the interpreter Jabbered and
again the witness responded In Chinese.
"He say suppose he tell lie Melican
Judge send him State's plison and by
and by when he go die he go stlaight
to helle."
The witness reFponded with more of
animation than before and pointed his
uninjured arm at my client, Sam Lee,
and the interpreter, with a face like a
graven image, and as If unconscious of
the death blow he was inflicting upon
my case, replied, "He say, suppose .he
tell tluth, Melican Judge send Sam Lee
Stlate's plison." . \ - '
But he didn't, because Sam Lee had
thr*e witnesses who testified that the
little, old Chinaman was the aggressor
in the affray.
When the suit brought by the
United States to condemn land at Pearl
Harbor for fortifications was'before the
court the main issue was the value of.
the land taken, and this in turn de
pended upon its worth for agricultural
purposes. The counsel for the owners
of the land insisted that crops had been
raised upon it and offered as one'-wit
ness a Chinaman who In former years
had leased and cultivated th^ land. The
court refused to admit the evidence,
saying: "'The court and the jury has
been on the land and we all know that
nothing will grow on it. If you want
to prove to the contrary you must do
it with white witnesses. I will not lis
ten to Chinese testimony on the sub
ject."
As it happened, there were white
witnesses and their evidence confirmed
the statement that a crop had been
raised upon the land.
On another occasion, when trying a
bankruptcy case in which one of the
petitioning creditors was a Chinese cor
poration, the same Judge refused to al
low the books of the corporation In evi
dence because they were kept in Chi
nese. "We are now," said he, "an
American Territory."
On still another occasion a Chinese
building contractor living and doing
business In Honolulu, and having many
men in his employment, sent to China
for a woman who had been betrothed
to him since boyhood. According to
Chinese custom and law. they were
married. In China before she departed,
the bridegroom, being represented by
his mother. Arrived at Honolulu, the
woman was detained and her deporta-
WHEN LUCIEN'S GRANDMA CAME
pr? -^Tjj O UNG Lucien Davis,
buIlo * er ' nad been
hLvf'^K^vf? courting Tilly Spoon
'iK^iP lr *^li er> dau & hter oi the
I *A^^5&£fe)t [$ village miller, for six
trrmrtTTtasin^M months or more when
Grandma Whltbeck
came on a visit. She was moth
er to Mrs. Davis, and although
over GO years old it was her
boast that she could still make thing3
hum. Lucien was her favorite grand
child and she made no secret of the
fact that she had made her will in
his favor. In her Western home she
had heard that he was "keeping com
pany" with a girl, and that it would
probably be a match, and that reason,
more than any other, brought her
East in midwinter.
Grandma Whltbeck arrived in Sun
nyside at an unfortunate hour. The
river running through the village was
frozen two feet thick and was being
used as a boulevard and race course
by every villager who had a horse and
cutter. There were some good horses
and some drivers who were anxious to
head the procession, and among the
latter was Lucien Davis. It was a
natural thing that Tilly Spooner
should be with him as he drove, and
that she should clao her hands in glee
when the cutter crossed the line fifty
feet ahead of the next best horse for
ten miles around. Grandma' happened
to be crossing the bridge during one
of the trials of speed and saw it all,
and as she continued to gaze her jaw
began to set. . . -- 4 '
"The idea of it — the idea!"- she mut
tered to herself. "My favorite grand
son has not only turned to hoss racin',
but that gal he is as good as engaged
tion to China demanded under the pro
visions «-•?' the exclusion act. A writ
of habeas corpus was sued out and the
release of the woman demanded an the
ground that she and her husband had
been married in. China by proxy, ac
cording lo Chinese law, and that as
the husband had .a right to remain, In
the United States hta wife had a right
to be here also. % The District Attor
ney demanded the deportation of the
woman on the ground that the Chinese
marriage was not a legal marriage, be
cause the bridegroom was at the time
"doing the grand in a distant land, 6000
miles away." He. claimed tiiat the nec
essary pro verba was lacking, and that
the marriage had never been consum
mated anyhow, because the bride since
her arrival had cried all the enanvif off
her pretty little face in the seclusion
of the cell in which tha United States
had incarcerated her. a.^.i the bride
groom had not been permitted to . see
her, except in the custody of three
stalwart deputy United States Mar
shals. It was insisted in reply that a
marriage good tla the place where it
was contracted is good any where;, that
the husband being lawfully here, had
a right to have his wife with him, and
that she could not" be classed as a la
borer because she was a little-footed
woman, and, therefore-, incapable^ of
work of any kind..
His Honor was usually a kind-heart
ed and Just man, but he naturally hated
Chinese, and he glanced at the couple
a.nd continued the further hearing of
the case until Monday. The Marshal
Informed the court that the Govern
ment had neglected to provide him with
facilities for caring for ladles. That
the limited Jail accommodation was oc
cupied by sailors, sleeping two in a bed
and two. beds in a room, and he asked
the coujt what he should do with tns
woman. - "Do the best you can," said
his Honor' In reply. "Probably you can
obtain her quarters with some of her
countrymen. See that you produce her
here on Monday morning."
The Marshal was a sensible and
kind-hearted man. He deputized i
wealthy Chinaman to care for the lady
at his home. This custodian did not
deem it his duty to separate their guest
from the gentleman to whom under
Chinese law.s she was united in holy
matrimony. The next morning the
couple, attended by their friends, cams
to me for further consultation. They,
were advised to go to the proper office 1
and obtain a marriage license, and on'
their return the Presbyterian ministt-r
was telegraphed for. On his arrival
the situation was explained. He was
reluctant until his attention was called
to the fact that every necessary con
stituent element of a" marriage already,
existed, except 'the sanction of the
church, and that in the interest of pub-'
lie morality the ceremony should take
place. Vis a law ofilce a proper place- 1
for this sort of Ihing?" said be. .- "Sire,"',
said I, In the language of Richelleu.i
"for justice all place a temple." He?
yielded" and joined those who were
fairly well joined before, but he com
pleted the Job.
On Monday morning when the case
was callorl the license to marry and
the certificate of marriage were of
fered In evidence and the petitioner
rested. And then there was a circus.
His Honor roasted the Marshal for
permitting the marriage and then he
went for me. He said in substance,
though not in word.", that out of con
sideration- for my family and my gray
hairs he would not imprison me and
out of consideration for my empty
pockets he would not fine me, but that
I had been guilty of a grave contempt
of court, deserving of the severest con
demnation, that my conduct was rep
rehensible and disgraceful and a. lot of
other things, and he ended by declar
ing- that the evidence offered of a mar
riage in Honolulu would not be re
ceived and that the ceremony amount
ed to nothing. It was suggested to
his Honor that if the ceremony
amounted to nothing then no harm
had been done, and that the parties
had as good a right to amuse them
selves ad interim by a marriage act as
by playing solitaire or golf. The Judge
paid no attention to this reply. Then
to is sickin' him on the best she knows
how. I've got to see about this thing
right away."
She did. She hadn't got her bonnet
off before she was sayin' to her daugh
ter:
"Sarah Davis, it seems as if Provi
dence had sent me here at this time.
Do you know what Lucien is doln' at
this very minit?"
"He's driving on the ice, I believe,"
was the reply.
"Drivin"! Why,, he's, hoss-racih*,
that's what he's doln' — goin' up arid
down Itckety-spllt, arid that Spooner
gal, about who you've all been writin'
so much, is. in the cutter with him
and a-sickin' him on! I stopped on
the bridge and . saw it all, and I'm
goin' to tell you right omt plain that
I'm ashamed of you. I never 'spected
to live to see the day when you and
James would see Lucien become a
hoss-racer and a gambler and a mur
derer and" never even advise him
agin it."
"Come, come, mother," chided the
daughter. "They may be driving fast,
and one horse' may come out ahead of
the other, but It's not horse-racing.
There- are people driving* on the ice
■who belong to the church. It's simply
recreation. I was driving with " Lu
cien 1 myself yesterday and I enjoyed
it Immensely."
"Don't talk to me, Sarah Davis. I
know a hoss-race when I see one, and
I know that hoss-racin" leads to gam
blin'' and murder. If folks around
here think they can be Christians and
hoss-race at the same time let 'em go
ahead, but I can tell 'era where they'll
end up. I was in hopes I should take
a- . likln' to that Spooner gal, but I
never, never can. Any gal who will
urge a young man onto his doom
THE SAN- FRANCISCO ..SUNDAY CALL.
he decided that as the husband occa
sonally ■ directed his -workmen how to
drive nails or hold paint brushes he
was therefore a laborer* within the
meaning of the act of Congress; that
the exclusion act only suffered Chinese
merchants to come to this country;
that every Chinaman who was not a
merchant was a laborer and must be
excluded. 'WSUm
: Under h!3 decision a. "merchant"
with a $15 stock of cheap cigars in the
front room- and a red hot game of fan
tan in the rear might bring his wife
here and otherwise travel the "prim- 1
rose, path of dalliance." but -a building
contractor with $50,000: capital, -. who
employed a hundred men.-inot : being a
merchant, was therefor* . a laborer
By C. B. Lewis.
ought to be sent to Jail, and I'll tell
her so whenever I see her."
When Lucien came home he got a
bad roasting from grandma. He tried
to explain, but It was no go. Grand
ma had her opinion, and it was:
"It ain't a bit of use to waste your
breath, Lucien. I'm disappointed in
your father and mother and in you.
When I was here last you were split
tin' wood and studyin' your Sunday
school lesson all the time, When ; l
come this' time I find you hoss-racih'
and v on your way. to State's prison. I
feel it my duty .to save you if I can,
and; I'm goin* to try and think up a
way to do it." r . * ;• "
The" idea- was to propitiate : grandma
as much as possible, and yet Lucien
did not cease to "hoss race" now and
then, and to taka Tilly Spooner along
as he had before.* The family would
like to; have brought about an intro
duction between the girl and the old
lady, but it was looked upon as .too
risky. Little was said after the first
two or three days, . but grandma kept
up a great thinking, with the result
that one ; dayi two weeks later, she
slipped <out* of - the house and made a
call at Spooner's. ; It was a call that
left its! mark. She reproved Mrs.
Spooner, wondered what sort of a man
Mr. Spooner ; wag, . and wound up by
calling .Tilly an impertinent minx. Of
course, ' there were results, and those
results made at least two hearts ache.
Lucien was informed in plain English
that .' if he didn't '. "drop ' that gal" he
would be dropped { out" of grandma's
will,':'; and, though he refused'/, to be
bluff ed, the situation became , strained
arid- anything ' but • pleasant. It -was
Tilly herself who solved the problem
where others failed to see a glimmer of
light. '. .-, .. •
One day Lucien had business over
toward Liverpool, and as it was a
bright February day he asked grand
ma to go along. She was glad to get
out and see the country and she meant
to take advantage of the occasion to
have» a long, private talk with the
young man. After a drive of two miles
and 'a halt at a farm house for a mo
ment, ; Lucien headed the horse back
home, and before grandma knew where
she was the outfit wan on the ice along
TJRh^twenty others.
.""Jjucten, what does this mean?" she
demanded. . ; ' ' *■
"It's our nearest way home, grand
ma." •
The horse started off at a good pace,
but after, a couple of minutes two or
three others began to draw up to him.
In five minutes Grandma Whitbeck be
gan to wriggle around. In six or seven
she became so nervous that she asked:
;!•. "Lucien,' what do them fellers back
there want?" \
"They want to' pass me and crow
over it," he replied.
Just then two of the cutters did pass,
and the drivers looked back and grin
ned. Lucien held his horse down, how
ever, - and he 'pretended not to mind it
•when he was passed by two or three
others.
"You see, I'm Just out for a drive,"
he explained to "grandma.
"Yes, I know.-? Could they pass you
if you didn't want 'em to?"
"Hardly. : I' hate'. to be grinned at
and ' crowed over,' but I know it's wick
ed to -'speed horses.""
' '.'Yes,' of course 'it is," but— "
,-.i Just . then . an old . crowbait V attached
to a home-made sled ' came up and
passed the cutter at a jog and the half
dozen boys f on ; the sled . had some , cut
ting remarks to make. Grandma did
and must tread the steep and thorny
road of celibacy and consequently
the bride must go back to China by
the next steamer.
On hearing this decision translated to
her the poor little woman gave a shriek
some more wriggling, but she didn't
say anything until the mark was
reached and the horse had been turned
around for a straight mile course to
the bridge. Then she observed:
"Luclen, I don't like to be made a
laughing stock of."
. "Nor I, either."
"Then, if any more crowbalts come
up you might shake on the lines a
leetle." ";;;' ■
"But there are five or six men with
good horses who will surely try to beat
"Then shake a leetle harder."
One of the good horses presently
came pounding up behind, but Lucien
seemed oblivious. ' , r
"I said shake the lines," remarked
grandma.
The young man shook, but the
horse still gained and others were
heard coming u,p.
"Shake harder!" .
Lucien clucked, but he did not draw
away from the danger. Grandma
waited until the nose of a' horse was
level with her arm and then said:
"Lucien • Davis, if you let me be
laughed at you are no grandson of
mine. Make your hoss git up and
git."
Three seconds later she was riding
at a 2:40 clip and holding on to her
breath and bonnet, and three min
utes later the bridge was passed and
she knew that she had led by a hun
dred feet. She hadn't a word to say
v on the way from the river. to, the house
nor for half an hour after. Then she
put her. hand on Lucien's shoulder and
observed: ;
, "I guess things have changed since
I was a gal. I guess that beatin'- the
other hoss hain't hoss racin' or gam
blln* or murder, and you'd better
bring Tilly Spooner over here to-night
to hear me say so."
and, flinging her arms around her hus
band's neck, ciung. to him, sobbing and
crying. Court adjourned, the day
waned and the electric bulbs were Il
lumined, but no myrmidon of the law
in that courtroom moved to separata
them. I suggested that an apveal might
be taken from the decision and that,
pending the appeal, the Judge, who
was really a kind-hearted man. and
who was conscientious In, his decision,
might grant a stay of the order of de
portation.
And then the husband for the first
time gave utterance to his view of the
case. "No." said he, "I take no appeal.
I flaid Amelican law. I fiaid Amellcan
Justice. I live here many years. I
build great many houses. I buy plenty
Melican goods. I pay evelyblody. I
pay taxes. I no har. anybody. My
wlfe splectable woman. She no laborer.
She no take away Hish .voman's job.
She harm nobody. She lub cml I Same
steamer bllng her In cabin bling five
Japanese bad women In steelage. Unit
ed States let them land. United States
make no tlubble about them. Bnt
they take my wife and lock her up
all same one thief. Now they send her
away and blake her heart. All llghtee.
I leave my business with my fiends to
sell It out. I go back to-moller on
steamer with my wife to China. Damn
such a Judge, damn such a law. damn
such a country."
Ovcnvorkin; Uncle Sam.
The paternal assiduity of your Uncle
Samuel is shown in the statement that
the dead letter department is the most
overburdened with work of any in the
postal service.
The recapituation shows. that there
were. In. round figures, 10,000.000 care
less people in this country last year.
Specifying,' it tells of an increase of
S50.000 over the year before.
.The book list makes a special
heading necessary, as it amounts to
1000 lots, each containing many
items, books in English and all for
eign languages, hundreds, of the best
selling novels of the .last four or five
years, many copies of Shakespeare
and an inconceivable array of reli
gious subjects. Miscellaneous paper
backed novels In stacks are found.'
The Jewelry list alone • would
stock a large store. There are
hundreds of wedding rings, all kinds
of timepieces, table and other silver
ware, secret society emblems / and
pins. :
1516
THESE JiRE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF FEB. 14.
£T* lllXE, are the n:wnr«. ui the ISO
j lucky tiiUilrcu i\1io tvon prizes
I in tli« - pitzzfc fos'.iot— ihv nins
,' uiOcrcat .\;tim> of Articles l"~ei
by A.-cIiK- tt ;»•»:»! ir.hrtl in Tiie
Sdliut} f:iil oi iVl:rti.:r.v 1 1.
Beatrice ili'ior, 1L16 Sherman street,
AisiniJa; Viblette Joiur. alerted;
1 'i-iyti Rouacer. clra?s Valley; EyaCoa
;t.i. Sacramento: Grace Spioacr. Stock
;• u: Harold Cray, East Oakianu;
«.h:iile* l irises. Sacramento; Ai.e^a
v. ■< ij. Stockton; Helen Cox. Stockton;
.'.i:-;iii Burton^ Stockton: Luomi*
tfuiny. Stockton: Erina Lucas, \\'ood
biidsc; Archie- Uushiorih, Stockton;
Ufxa-y Franck. Orus* Valley: \\\ E.
Ui'-.wr. Newcastle; Krva Osburn. Tur-
I •K: Lester Vander, Valiejj: L.^a L.l
|K% Ljoi; U. H. Wilson, Berkeley: Ilar
< '■ <."o!lit». Dre rti wood; Uichit- w'a»n%.i,
v. ( ' Hair-Jit street, San Francisco; x'ms*
\<j:i Ma:s-h, Nevada City; Hubert Pit
vey. Aim-, island; George Alclntosn,
ll«.ry; : vi!le; Mark Dodson, 52S Twtnty-
M-i-ond street. Oakland; Sadie Fxa.CS,
itul Wlurf: liu.-t-ell iiray, Grass Valley;
>':.xinc .'rfoard. Nevada City; Gladys
K<-i is. lkikeie> ; Raymond b'isher, t?i;:i
,!<«*; ilargaritta Harvey, han Jcse;
AJltta Paul. Suisur.; Kitty Castillo, lull
WtbFler street, Oakland; Gertrude
Bfat&dUtrd. San Jo^e; Clarence Wood*.
I'-ll OaJiiorria street. San Krnnci.<c<t;
Roy lVrnald, Point Richmond; &Iattie
jii::;t-i. .Sacramento; Philip Murray,
:>.u?c:lito; Rica Carney, Stockton;
iliti.u Eyre, Mcnlo Park: Ste.ia Im
•,va!l-.', Cohr.a; Miriam broaddas. As
mu; Fif-ddif Caler, 3T2» Seventeenth
s=treci, San Frcncisro; W. Robir.son.
i._j Afhbcry street. Fan Francisco; C
S. Kuijinson, S23 Ai^hbury Ftivet, San
Francisco; Emma Stouter, San Loand
ro; Eunice Clayton, L'28 Thirteenth
Street, San Francisco; '.Villie Green,
Valiejj; Dorothy Houston. 2:»63 Twen
ty-third street. Pan Francisco; llo.lph
Hencke. 1108 Vailejo street. San Fran
cisco; \V. Wataaif, Santa Clara; M.
Vi'adams, Santa Clcra; Mathew Cooper,
San Jose; Willie Koesel, SS Cumber
land street, t>an Francisco; Grace
Fauth, 22$ Fourteenth street, San Fran
t-isc-o; Elmer 1,'lrich, 53 Scott street,
San Francisco; Lillian O'Connor, 907
Steincr etreet. San Francisco; Lillie
Shannon. 51« Clayton Ftreet. San Fran
cisco; Willie Fuller. Agnew; George
Heywood, Berkeley; Loretta Doran,
1056 Capp street. San Francisco: Elea
nor Vounge, 1108 Pc-trero avenue, San
Francisco; Irna Francoeur, 1220 Jack
son street. San Francisco: Arthur
IJarry. 130 Pierce street. San Francisco;
Edpar liuttner. Port Costa; Louis
Triant, 729 Clayton street, San Fran
<isco; Codric Ka^ten. 507 Oak street,
San Francisco; Edna Simmen, 624
Haight street. San F'ranclsco; Dick
McCormick. 404 Octavia street. San
Francisco; Leslie Koegel. 96 Cumber
land street, San Francisco; Aileen Al
lan, 1516 Castro street, San Francisco;
Will Martin. 7 Guerrero street, San
FrandFco; May Cornell, 902 Oak street,
San Francisco; Emil Hahn, 3* Hoff
avenue. San Francisco; Thomas Mad
den. 1063 McAllister street. San Fran
cisco: Marjorie Perry. 262 Capp street,
San Francisco; Reta Caler. 37C9 Seven
teenth street, San Francisco; James
Arnott, r.l" Noe street. San Francisco;
Harold Cookson. 3S24 Army street. San
Francisco-: • Mildred Tsde. Berkeley;
Herman Schmidt, 357A Harrison street.
San Francisco: Walter Schmidt,
S57A Harrison street, San Francisco;
Ma'udic Davis, Mill Valley; Francis
Kalph. Alameda: P. Ackerman. 1327
Myrtle street. Oakland: Rosaline Lew
i:i. S66 Castro street. Oakland; Royce
Pulafer. 421*0 Montgomery- street. Oak
land: Ada Shean. 1240 Adeline street.
Oakland; Ray Wilson, 4138 Twenty
fifth street. San Francisco; May Tay
lor. S58 Castro street, San Francisco:
Edna O'Urien. 477 Shotwell street. San
Francisco: . G. Thompson,. Stockton:
Hazel Bemhard. 0 Twenty-eighth
frtrcet. San Francisco; Christine . SJo
bei-R. 24 Chase street. Oakland; Guss
Fjobers. 1712 Eighth street, OaklaiW;
Florence Carroll, Berkeley; Ferda Ogel.
2613 Howr.rd street, San Francisco;
lieta Opel, 2613 Howard street. San
Francisco: Alice Wrijthtson. Oleander;
Rojjiona Bacby, 872 Willow street, Oak
land; Hazel Gibson. 230 Cypress street,
A lambda: Belle Jarvis. Berkeley: Es
ther Stevens. Berkeley; Camillia Hedi
per. .Stockton; Jean Brownlie. Vailejo;
Vsnce Matteson. Fruitvale: Ella Hedl-
Ser, Stockton; Elsie Eddy. Stockton;
Ccorte Nichols. Irvlngton; Edna Golds
vorthy. Stockton; Jeannette Chase.
Lbdi: Emma Carroll. Livermore: Stella
Clark, Vailejo; Rof» Lovegerd, Vailejo;
T^ouise Morgan, Vailejo ; Gertrude Dris
r-oll. Valiejo: Ada Myers. San Jose;
<-'!ranor Plunkctt. Vailejo; Earl Glaze.
East Oakland: Gertie Buss, VaHcjo:
'I. W. Maxwell. Sacramento: Harold
Williams. Berkciey; Al Gurnsey. 2432
JfcktoM street. San Francisco; Madge
!Ceou.Th. 1ES3 O'Farrell street, San
Francisco; Edioin Keough, 1883
O'Farrell street, San Francisco;
"Walter Farnlacher. 2701 Sutter street,
Ran /rancisco; Edith O'Brien, 477 Shot
well street, San Francisco; Hazel Pitts,
3131 Washington street, San Francisco;
N. A- Wright. 529 First avenue. San
Francisco; Charles Martin, 735 Laurel
tvenue. San Francisco; Ixmise HigeL
NAME PUZZLES
THE SAX KRAXCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
Bpand N ; <W pi-rz^S— On* Vk^yiA and F»F*y © ? "h€m —
Fof T'lCS^ Who Can ®^^ss Th€S$ PLjzz?$s. i
tifyt. U, CmiiDK^N' — EVl^lVBODY. llcrfc Is kooU news for you all. Just look ut the bottom of tills
J cxiluittvFniufc Wad overtl/^new list of ; books. There are twenty of them and ca.h Is of a special
■*V V, I series, Mniporleil for this contest. 'They are all beautifully Hbund nnd, best of nil, the
* bindiuss are nil dinVtcnt. so that if you should win more than one prize you would have the
. nuclei: s of- a very attractive library. And just road the titles. There Ls not a, sinslc book of the
whole: twenty that is not worth .'reading^ They are ail classics and yet tiiey arc nil popular — something
that' you enn read and read as«:f nnd then' put aside until you arc grown av and then reread with greater
pleasure' than ever before. Thrrc is nothing trophy abo;:t any of these stories which no doubt Is one of
the many reasons why Uiis page b< gx < o\Vins in popularity every day.
. • So n^ow is your chance. Don't wait. If you want a beautiful prize it is yours for a few minutes*
■ work and- an hour's fun. . • > .. . . . '
*• And here In another thins that the Puzzle Editor wants to speak of. Please don't send in any tin
' type pictures or proofs that are uutoncsl — w hich means that they will fade as soon as they arc exposed
to the ?i«H. and don't 'forget to write . yotir tunne and address on the back of each and every photograph.
And by all means be sure that you are a prize winner before you send in any x>icture at all.
Now remember, this: You will all have a 'chance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but get
'your picture 'published as well. The Puixlc Kditor wants all^ the prize winnei's from now on to send hi
their pictures— the whole 150 cf:cry week if possible! litsin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier.
* There can't be tco many. But rpruenilior, only tiie 'pri/e wmners can have .their pictures published.
Eacli of the Xine ricturzs^in- lliis, the Twelfth contest of the Sixth Series, represents Part of a
Watch. Can you guess?' Ah- l'nicre fc»-" a rich" reward for you if you can.
. " '^ And now listen cnrrfnSJ.y: TliEni: A11E ONE IIUXDKED AXD FIl-^TY PRIZES, and this ,1s what
you must Uo to win one- of thViii: '' '. ; , . ■'--
Find the names of Nine Different/Parts of a Watcli represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on this
, page ami write tiiem out in the space "opposite the proper corresponding nnmbcr provided for the pur
pose i in the coupon on this page, ns per 'direct ions; (111 in the coupon with your name and address and the
prize' you desire — if you win — and send the coupon to the EDITOR OF THE >"A'ME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday
Call, Sun Francisco, Cal.
7 ■ REMEMBER— To the FIRST OKE~IIUXPR"ED AXD FIFTY BOYS AX"D GIRLS who solve the Xine
, Xnme Puzzles correctly, one of those ONK 1UXDKED AXD FIFrY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
Aiid don't forget 'this next point, because it is very .important: ALL ANSWERS MUST REACII
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY XOOX. . Tiiis «fvcs all those in tiie country v.n equal chance to compete.
'. Read everytliing on this i>age, to bo sure that you overlook nothing that wUl help you to win a prize.
.THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WIXXERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IX TIIE SUNDAY CALL TWO
£ WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, March IS. . . .^. . . v - . - -
Tliese n re the TWEXTY, BEAUTIFUL DOOIvS from which you ma^ choose if you solve all the puz
zles correctly: Adventures of a* Brownie, by. Mulocli; Cmnford, byl- GasTccli;: Courtship of Miles Standlsh,
by Longfellow; A Dog of Flandci-s, by Ouida; Evansellr.e. by Longfellow r '.'Fairy Ijaml- of Science, by
Buckley; Greek Heroes, by Klngsley; The Sons* 'of Hiawatha, by. Longf<£ll«w$« Kidnaped, by Stevenson;
Little Lame Prince, by Muloeh; The Magic Xuts. by Molesworth; Plutarch's Prue and I. by Curtis; The
Skttcli Book, by Irving; . Tanglcwood Tales, by H:\wthornei Ten' Xigl{ts»«. In .ia Bat" .Room^ by Arthur;
Through the Looking Glass, by Carroll; Twice Told Talcs, by Hawthorne;'Vi«j/.the Autobiography of a Fox
Terrier, by Marsh; A .Wonder Book, by Hawthorne. y,:V. • "< - ... - '.
Solve the Puzzl33, •
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To P;:zzlc Editor, Sunday Call.
San Franctoco:
Bclcw in tlicir proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the Nine Different Parts of a
Watch represented in this
week's Xsunb Puzzles:
i
1
j
|
I
- ' . . I
i
3
-
4 ,
9
5
0
7 ..,......_
JF*c b r un ry 23 9 1 004*
Vailejo: Ruth Gee. Vailejo: Gus Wil
kers. i-Yt Erie street. San Francisco;
Ruth Laffln. 213 Fourteenth street. Sun
Francisco; Loring Rhodes. San Jc-se;
Edwin Amark, 1 Clarence Court, San
Francisco; H. A. Morley, East Oak
land: Gladys Byron. Oakland; Nellie
Hind. 103 Devisudero street. San Fran
cisco: Joseph Sturgts, Berkeley: Henry
Russell. Hay wards: Edna Fishei. 1424
Stclner street. San Francisco; H. ds
la Cruz, Menlo Park; Irvin Carlson.
237 Hayes street, San Francisco; Mabel
Carson. Santa Rosa; Emille Jensen,
Haywards; Ruth Brandon. "Watson
ville; Mark Broaddus, Agnew; Paul
Dewey, 1525 Scott street, San Fran
cisco; Fred "Westfall, 915 Pine street.
San Francisco.Pages 17 to 20
MRS. JEMIMA LUKE, AUTHOR OF "I THINK WHEN I READ THAT SWEET
STORY OF OLD," WILL BE SOLD OUT FOR GOVERNMENT TAXES
Rather Than Pay for Education in
an Alien Creed, Aged Writer
Makes a Sacrifice.
LONDON*. Feb. 27.— Some time this
epring there is to be a little auction sale
at Newport, Isle of Wight, that is like
ly to stir the blood of every one In the
United States who has ever sung in
Sunday-school that sweet old hymn, "I
Think When I Read That Sweet Story
of Old," written by Mrs. Jemima Luke.'
The aged author of that hymn has re
fused, for conscience sake, to pay a
tax imposed by the British Government
for the education of children In an
Episcopal creed, in which the gentle old
lady, being a Congregationalist. cannot
believe. So in due course she is to re
ceive a visitation from the Sheriff's of
ficers and enough of her small property
is to be seized and sold to satisfy the
unyielding demands of a law not unlike
that which drove the Pilgrim fathers
from Plymouth. Enpland. to Plymouth
Rock, Massachusetts.
Mrs. Luke is only one of an army of
God-fearing folk who are ready to pay
the rest of their taxes but have vowed to
withhold that iiart which was to be de
voted to compulsory education of their
children in religious doctrines in which
the parents did not believe. At present
there are 100,000 of these "passive resist
ers." as they are called, and up to the
date of writing 7400 of them have been
served with summonses, and more
Ifss household goods of 350 have been
sold to satisfy the Government.
MUST YIELD TO THE LAW.
Mrs. Luke writes me that the tax
patherer has not yet called for her con
tribution to this fund, but that when
ever he does call she will not pay it and
will submit to the consequent summons
and sale. Her daughter-in-law, Mrs. E.
E. Luke of Manchester, who is equally
lirm in her belief that the education
rate, as it is called, is iniquitous, has
already been summoned to court and
had enough of her goods sold to meet
ihe amount she has withheld.
You may be sure that in the case of
Mrs. Jemima Luke the education rate
has not been resisted from motives of
economy, as can be judged from a lit
tle note I received from her the other
day. I had asked her for a photograph
and pome information about herself,
and on receipt of it I sent to her a
modest check to cover the expense and
trouble In which I had involved her.
That check came back by return mail,
with this little note:
•I thank you much for your kind in
c!r.«ure, but I do not need any repay
ment fcr a simple act of courtesy. If
you know some poor, struggling author
with a family please give it to him. I
r«=inc!ose the check and am. yours
faithfully, JEMIMA LUKE."
For the benefit of applicants it may
be stated h«>re that the poor, struggling
author with a family has been already
found.
MRS. LUKE VERY FEEBLE.
Mr*. Luke is now over 90 years old
;ind so feeble in health that the writ
ing ol letters has become difficult for.
her. It may therefore be looked upon
es a special favor to readers of this
paper that Mrs. Luke wrote out for
them, in her own hand, the first stanza
of the hymn which has made her
famous from one end of the* world to
the other.
The author of the hymn was might
:Jy surprised to find herself a celeb
rity aF the result of her unpretentious
verses, not realizing that their sweet
ness and simplicity were qualiti- at
all rare in this wicked old world.
The details with which she supplies
me as to how the hymn came to be
■written seem somehow to match the
serene beauty of the face in the ac
companying photograph.
Mrs. Luke's father, a well to do
English country gentleman named
Thompson, had been one of the found
ers of the Sunday School Union and
the originator of the Home Mission
ary Society in 1*17. His life was large
ly given to organizing missionary work
ar.d it was only natural that his
daughter should become absorbed at
an early age in the same interests. She
yearned to go to India as a mission
ary, but the death of her invalid
mother threw the care of the house
on her shoulders. Then when her
father married again and she was once
more free to go and had taken the
necessary course of studies, she was
held back by illness almost at the mo
ment the ship sailed and her heart
seems to have been almost broken by
the ultimate decision that her health
would not permit her to undertake
such arduous work in so trying a cli
mate.
WRITES FAMOUS HYMX.
Lil;*- the brave girl she was. she
swallowed her disappointment and
plungc-d into Sunday school work. One
inorr.ins in 1S41. when she was 28
>ears old. she was traveling in one of
the funny old fashioned coaches of
the djy :o a distant village to see how
one of her missions was getting on.
There was no other inside passenger
and so to pass the time she began to
bcribble verses on the back of an.en
velope. By the time she had reached
her destination she had completed two
stanzas of the hymn by. which her
4uunf will be remembered for many a
year to come. "A third verse* was
afterward added," writes Mrs. Luke,
"to make it u missionary hymn. I
never thought of printing those sim
ple verses. My father superintended
the SuTiday school at the little chapel
belonging to the estate. He used to
let the children choose the first hymn
themselves. One Sunday afternoon
they struck up their new hymn. My
father turned to/ny young sisters, who
Flood near him, and said:
"Where did that come from? I never
heard it before?"
" "Oh, Jemima made it,' " was the re
ply.
"On the Monday he asked me for a
copy of the words and tune. This he
sent, with name and address in full,
to the Sunday School Teachers' Maga
zine." ;. i ■■•■;■'
One immediate result of the publica
tion of the hymn was to bring to Je
mima Thompson— as she then was— the
offer to edit a missionary magazine for
children called the Missionary Reposi
tory.
'It was suitable and congenial wcrrk,"
she writes, "and 1 welcomed it as gra
ciously sent from above to fill up the
blank In my pro-spects. I soon beedme
much interested in the undertaking and
the circulation increased rapidly. It
was not limited to one missionary so
ciety, but gathered facts .of interest
from all. It brought me some delight
ful correspondents, and among my
most kind and faithful helpers were
James Edgerton, Robert Moffat,
James Montgomery, Anna Braithwaite,
E. M. Jackson and Mrs. Mortimer of
"Peep of Day' celebrity. One contribu
tion came from Dr. Livingstone; also
letters of encouragement from Isaac
Taylor, Dr. Harris and Bishop Sum
ner, afterward Archbishop of Canter
bury."
In connection with the magazine
work the editor wrote one day a short
missionary story to be read to chil
dren, which was received so well that
in time thirty little books of the sort
came to be written by her, of which
half a million copies were circulated.
"* : unday schools in these days," says
Mrs. Luke, with pardonable pride,
"contribute many thousands to the
funds of their various missionary so
cieties, and, as is often the case with
great movements, their adhesion to the
cause had this small and simple be
ginning. It is also from the ranks of
Sunday school teachers that the forces
of the missionary societies have been
continually supplied. The Missionary
Repository has long sir.ee died a nat
ural death, but it lives in its succes
sors, each missionary society now hav
fng its half-penny missionary maga
zine for children, and missionary liter
ature of world-wide interest is con
stantly issuing from the press."
MARRIES AT THIRTY.
At the age of SO^years this energetic
champion of missions was married to
the Rev. Samuel Luke, a Congrega
tional minister. She was twenty-five
years a wife and has been thirty-five
years a widow. "Lonely as the life may
be," she says naively, and with a sigh
rt the thought of her never conquered
/earning to be a misionary, "and much
as one may miss the dear companion-
Ehip, what a blessed thing it is not to
be a Hindoo widow!" To this day her
thoughts are with the Hindoo women,
and especially the child-widows, whose
sufferings on account of the cruel na
tive customs have never ceased to be
sources of sympathetic suffering to the
gentle old hymn writer..
Mrs. Luke's two daughters died many
years ago. but she has a son and grand
children to comfort her declining years
and lives in her own pleasant home at
peace with all the world except the
British Government, for which her
prayers ascend that it, may mend its
evil ways and cease to impose taxes to
which no Congregational conscience
may submit.
Happily the forthcoming auction sale
of some of Mrs. Luke's household goods
to meet this hated tax is not likely to
be attended* by much persorfal discom
fort for her, for the rule at these sales
hitherto has been that friends and
sympathizers bid in the goods for the
exact money demanded by the Govern
ment and then restore the property to
the original owner. Many an American
would, I feel sure, bid many times its
value for some trifle from the home of
the author of one of the most famous
hymns in the language.
AMERICANS IN* LONDON*.
■Mrs. Claude Ponsonby, who was Miss
Horwirz of Baltimore, is receiving con
dolences from every one at the neces
sity which has compelled her to shut
up her delightful London house in
Queens Gate terrace to spend the win
ter in the Pyrenees. This is no less se
rious a matter than the ill health of
her little son Harold. Mr. and Mrs.
Ponsonby have taken a pretty little
villa at Po, though the place has for
them a very sad memory, for it was
there that they lost their other little
son of typhoid. It is at the house in
Queens Gate terrace that Mrs. Ponson
by keeps all the best of the works of art
collected by the late Hon. Ashley Pon
sonby, her father-in-law, and hfs father.
Lord de Mauley. The Ponsonbys al
ways have appointments at the British
court, Claude Ponsonby's cousin, Cap
tain Fritz Ponsonby, being now the
favorite equerry of KingEdward VII.
It is expected that while at Po Mrs.
Ponsonby will receive a visit from her
mother, Mrs. Horwitz, who lives at
Rome, having bought one of the glor
ious old palaces of the* Roman aris
tocracy, to which she has added mod
ern conveniences, including a . won
derful bathroom fitted up entirely with
pink marble. Mrs. Horwitz's eldest
daughter, who married an Italian
Count, also lives in Rome.
Mrs. Thomas B. : Bowring has just
returned from New York to her Lon
don home at 7 Palace Gate, having
curtailed her annual visit to her native
land to the great mystification of her
friends, especially as last year, being
the exception that proves the rule,
Airs. Bowring went as a guest to the
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2S, 1904.
FAMOUS HYMN WRITER; WHO WILL NOT PAY TAXES TQ SUPPORT EDUCATION IN ENGLISH CHURCH.
DurbaV instead of to the United States.
But the reason is that Mr. and Mrs.
Bowring wished to be in London at
the time of the marriage of their rich
kinsman, Victor Bowring, whose en
gagement to the widow of the late
Mr. Hanbury, Minister of Agriculture,
is being kept a close secret. It' was
only in June last that Mr. Hanbury
died. The marriage will take place
immediately after the settlement of
Eome law business arising from a dis
pute y with Mrs. Hanbury's relatives
over the reading of a certain part of
the late Minister's will. , v
Mr. Hanbury left $350,000 a year to
his wife for life, with a suggestion,
that she make certain dispositions of
the property the reading of which
might be, taken either as a desire ex
pressed or as an absolute testamentary
intention. This point has been dis
cussed once in the courts and decided
in Mrs. . Hanbury's favor, but Lady
Milman, Mrs. Hanbury's sister-in-law,
is. now appealing and the coming mar
riage is awaiting the. termination of
this appeal, as it would be annoying
to have the honeymoon broken Into
by law. One of Mr. Bowning's first
gifts to his prospective bride on their
engagement was a tiara of diamonds
and pear-shaped pearls, the pearls be
ing the very largest that, could be got
in London, and a "wonderful stom
acher of prodigious gems to match it.
Love' of these immense jewels must
run in'the family, for Victor Bowring's
mother, Mrs. Edgar Bowring, is noted <
for the. enormous pearls and stupen
dous diamonds that she wears.
Bowring is a well known figure "in
London society and is everywhere re
membered as being extremely tall.
He has a very young face and snow
white.' hair, the result of typhoid fe
ver, and because of this and his ex
treme height he is known as "Mont
Blanc." Like his cousin's American
wife, Mrs. Thomas B. Bowring, he Is
a great collector of objet d'art, he be
ing specially fond of quaint old snuff
boxes with" great histories, and she
of famous old Delft.
Sardou^Deeliries a Pension.
PARIS,'- 'Feb.* J 27.'— Sardou, the play
wright,-; haV» ifcJt^notified the^Societe
des Gens I de ■, wbttres that he" " will no
longer receive tHe; pension of 700 francs
($140) it. annually'; pays' him. He has
begged thenv to'transfer it to some un
fortunate ihanof letters,- who thus may
be saved' from the sting of poverty.
Kaiser Is» • Gracious : to i Tower.
BERLI N, Feb. " 27.— Emperor .William
gave United States Ambassador ' Tower
special attentions recently. \ They -went
together, to see the scientific apparatus
destined for .the St. Louis exposition
and his; Majesty talked with the Em
bassador for half an hour at the dinner
given by Imperial Home Secretary von
Posadowsky Wehner.
WALK ON ALL-FOURS
TO- CURE APPENDICITIS
Remarkable Cures by This Strange
-Means Arc Being Reported
; From Germany. £■.■*•-!■■
BERLIN. Feb. 27.— The medical jour
nals'report that some remarkable curd}
of mild cases of appendicitis are being
made by a new method of treating the
disease before the knife is needed. Cer
tainly it is an original, almost an ab
original method.
:It is nothing less than to require the
patient to walk on all-fours fc-r twenty
minutes four.times a day. It is claimed'
that certain muscles around the vermi
form appendix "are brought into play
and strengthened by this quadrupedal
cure, which are. unused when a biped
walks, erect. Others. are. relaxed and
the .'localized inflammation has oppor
tunity .to subside.
~ A . .well-known diplomat, celebrated
for his haughtiness and punctiliousness,
was cured of appendicitis by this meth
od lately^ His associates and the fash
ionables are laughing in their sleeves
Pages 17 to 20
when their imaginations conjure up his
proud excellency's posture while
undergoing treatment. The four-footed
pose is recommended in dyspepsia, too.
but of course it should be taken before
FLAYS ONE OF HIS SLAVES
'TO FURNISH HIDE FOR SHOES
English Officer Is Astonished >at
• Met hot! Used by Kins Ogby /
to Grant a Request.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— Captain Foote of
the British ship Mary Hendry has re
cently been trading on the coast of
Southern Nigeria. While there he en
tertained King Ogby, the ruler of the
Jakrimen. who inhabit the country.
The dusky monarch, says Captain
Foote in a letter, while feasting on
roast pork, inquired "If it was white
man's meat. The King has over 1000
slaves,, numerous wives, and crowds of
children.
When King Ogby was leaving the
ship Captain Foote asked him for a
piece of tanned skin with wfiich to
make a pair of slippers, and the next
day he' received the hide of a negro,
from the neck to the waist, who had
been killed by order of the King to ob
tain his skin.- •-
POLITICS
PLEASES
ONE LADY
Wife of Donoughmore
Aids Husband in
His Work.
Lordship's Spouse Is
Good Accountant
and Clerk.
LONDON, Feb. 27.— Now that Lord
Donoughmore — son-in-law of .Michael
Grace, erstwhile of New York — has at
tained to a responsible position under
the Government as Under Secretary for
War, Battle Abbey, the historic house
purchased by Mr. Grace from the heir
of the late Duchess of Cleveland, will
be the scene during the next Parlia
mentary session of many interesting
week-end parties, when politics will be
a dominating feature. Lady Donough
more's ambitions in the interests of
her husband's political future are only
equaled by those of the Duchess of
Marlborough for her husband. In so
ciety circles it is well known that there
is some little competition between the
ladies on both sides. !
Lady Donoughmore is her husband's
most devoted assistant. Away fror.i
his office in the seclusion of his homo
she renders him material assistance
with his private correspondence. She
works on # the typewriter with a great
deal more^expertness than many a city
clerk, and in this way she relieves th-i
Under Secretary of much of the anx
iety of trusting Government secrets ;o
hired clerks. Outside Pall Mall she is
practically his private secretary, and
has become such a keen political stu
dent that her husband considers her
advice well worth having. Consider
ing the comparatively short time she
has been in England, it is asserted
that she knows more about English
politics than many English women who
have been political propagandists for
years. If he/ husband does not rise
to a high position in the service of the
country it will not be her fault.
STORY OF A BURGLARY.
Battle Abbey presented all the fea
tures of a fully equipped family man
sion when Michael Grace acquired it
some time ago for his English resi
dence. All the necessary legal docu
ments were signed, when he heard that
the mansion was the scene during the
latter days of the last century of one
of the most daring burglaries on rec
ord. Although he claims to be by no
means of a superstitious nature, h»e
proceeded at once to the lawyers who
had charge of the sale and protested
that the whole history of the place
had not been disclosed to him. He re
ferred to the story of the burglary
when 550,000 worth of jewelry was
extracted from one of the rooms one
evening while the Duchess of Cleve
land was entertaining a distinguished
party at dinner. ( The fact that one of
the articles stolen on the occasion was
a famous necklace of diamonds and
rubies and emeralds which Queen Vic
toria had presented to the Duchess of
Cleveland was in itself sufficient to
prejudice Mr. Grace against the occu
pation of so insecure an establishment.
Before the new occupant could be
relieved of his anxiety. for the safety
of his valuables the parties interested
in the sale had to undertake that a #
strong room would be constructed
which would defy the attacks of the
most determined burglars. The new
addition to the famous residence i3
now nearing completion and In a few
weeks Mr. Grace will be able to dis
pense with the services of the London
safe deposit, which holds large quan
tities of his most valuable possessions
in plate and jewelry.
rORTEIlS HOUSE-HUNTING.
Robert P. Porter, who has been for
some time living in Oxford with his
wife and daughter, is In negotiation for
a house in London. One in Berkeley
square close to the Earl of Rosebery's
brtiutlful London residence first took
Mr. Porter's fancy, but so modern an
edifice was soon forgotten when he dis
covered a quaint little house which
some 200 years ago figured as one of
the pretty ( cottages in the little village
of Mayfair. This house is just off Park
lane and was part of the dowry to the
Grosvenor of that day when he mar
ried Miss Davies, a farmer's daughter.
Though at the time this marriage was
looked upon .almost as a mesalliance*
the property thus added to the Grosve
nor estates is now among the most
valuable in the whole of London.
Though this cottage of olden times ha3
probably received an additional story,
it still preserves the pretty wooden pan
elling which' is so decorative and which
is kept white, in the drawing-room at
least. Mr: Porter has another object
in negotiating for this house beside that
of making it his London residence. He
needs more room now for the beautiful
antique furniture he is so assiduously
collecting. His house at Oxford is al
ready crowded with the collection h?
has made since his arrival in England.
and he hopes to find a good deal more
within a short limit of time, so that
having lived with it for a certain period
It will be duty free when he returns to
the United States with the whole of kis
aDlendid collection18
Noble Grand Arch Bec-k has been in
*.-the southern part of the Jurisdiction
visiting officially the groves there. Dur
ing. the present tour he visited Modesto
Gnove, 1 i»"here several candidates were
initiated and after the work a banquet
«as enjoyod. At Modesto the visitor
• was accompanied by G. Bertram. A. &
It., and a number of members of near
' by groves. Two strangers were In
itiated. At Kern City the grand officer,
accompanied by Hon. Thomas Scott
'and N. Ronnett. visited Sumner Grove.
• .He then visited Morton. Magnolia,
Orange and Mazini groves in Los An
jreles and V. S. Grant Grove in San
Diego. On these visits he was accom
• panied by a number of members of the
• order, including Grand Trustees Chai
bonier ard WeoVmeyer. and at each
IJiare there was work in the degrees
and a banquet. His southern tour ter
y.iHawfl in Gllroy, February *_'0, after
•h-? had visited the groves at Guada
• lupe. Cayuc-os and Cambria. On each
of th^se visits he was accompanied by
• Grand Trustee Wedemeyer and other
members of the order and at the visit
, : t<J Gilroy he was joined by Grand Sec-.
t;«-fcary Martinoni. There were many
.addresses for the pood of the order, in
itiations and banquets.
Past Grand Noble Arch Henry Lange
o"f Healdsburg lost his wife by death
. a'fter a short illness last week. The
funeral was beld under the auspices
<rf 'Olive Circle, escorted by St. Helena
• Grove. San Francisco circles were rep
resented by Grand Secretary Mrs. A.
Thornhill and Mrs. James F. Martinoni
of El Dorado Circle.
.- "Hesperian Grove. Hesperian Circle
• and Norma Grove have decided upon
"• a joint picnic to be jriven at Fernbrook
Park <>n August 7 next.
." Boadicea Circle, at its meeting Feb
ruary SO. initiated six strangers and re
. vcived several applications which were
referred to appropriate committees.
Ucde'r good of the order First Bard
. Mrs. Samuels stated that as it was the
'va>ntine season and as several of the
brothers of / the circle htad assisted her
materially with suggestions in the mat
.. ter of conducting the work of a num
' l»cr • of committees on which she had
been appointed she wished to show h"r
' appreciation of their services by pre
senting each a valentine: not one of the
.•idinary kind, but a pretty and useful
present. The fortunate ones are Circle
Deputy Dr. T. Conrad. Financial Secre
tary W. N. Dingle and Conductor A. S.
.-Hall.
The valentine narty given by Boa
ditea Circle last week was attended by
nearly three hundred persons, and after
rach one in th*> march had been jrivn
a handsome valentine there was danc
ing for several hours under the direc
tion pf- floor manager Professor W. N.
' Dtngle.
»
Ancient Foresters.
The hish thief ranger and the ex
ecutive council of the Ancient Order
of Foresters paid a visit February 23
•.-. Court Robin Hood. At the last meet
ing of this court eight petitions for
membership were received.
Court Wyersdale is in the lead with
candidates for the large class to be
Initiated in this city March 17. The
number of candidate so far is fifteen.
Court German America is initiating
candidates at erery meeting. W. J.
Ciaus has been re-elected a delegate to
the'-subsidiary high' court.
M. Lynch, a past chief ranger of
Court Fort Bragg and organizer of
Court Westport. which in a short time
increased its membership to 100, is in
this city for -medical treatment.
Court Keswick of the town of that
nsme gave a grand ball on the evening
of February 20.
Twin Peaks Circle C. of the F. was
officially visited by the grand officers
and the executive council on the even
ing of February 25.
The following named have been In
stalled for the current term as the offi
cers of Court Robin Hood: H. O. Dal
bey. chief ranker: T. Lewis, treasurer;
A. A. Anderson, financial secretary; Al
exander Nicholson, recording secretary;
J. A. McDonald and S. Tapio, wood
wards, and F. Lumbray and D. Mar
tin, beadles. On the second meeting
night after installation these officers
initiated six candidates under 30 years
of age and one under S3 in a manner
that was very creditable. The work oi
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
that evening was followed by an en
tertainment, during which Messrs.
Thomson, Kansin, Cavalier and Pettis
Jr., members of Court Wyersdale, Com
posing the Orpheus Quartet, rendered
several selections, and addresses were
delivered by Mr. Jones of the high
court executive committee, Deputies
Carpenter and Shore and Mr. Cannell
of Court Ivanhoe. A collation and re
freshment? were served. This, the pio
neer court of the order, instituted Octo
ber 3«, 1S74. is now in a flourishing con
dition, with a good membership and
financially well off.
Loyal Circle, through Past Supreme
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. A.
Boehm. has presented to Past Chief
Companion Mrs. Sarah Crawford a fine
cmblomatlc jewel in recognition of her
valuable services to the circle during
the time she has been a member and
an oflu-er. Mrs. Crawford is also a
member of Golden Gate Circle of the
Druidf-sses. being past arch druidess
and a member of Columbia Assembly
of the Ladies' Auxiliary of the National
Union.
The comic valentine party given by
Loyal Circle February 12 was well at
tended. The distribution of valentines
during the grand march occasioned
much amusement.
Native Daughters.
•'We're having a bushel of fun," was
the remark of Anna Gruber of Orinda
Parlor in the assembly hall of the Red
Men's building last week, on the oc
casion of the leap year party given by
that parlor. The party was conducted
under leap year rules that were printed
on the back of the dance programme,
and those that violated any of them
were Jailed by the able bodied chief
of police. Miss Alma Reimers, and her
police officers, who were Emma Gruber
Foley, Ida M. Lorden, Nellie Lynch,
Nellie Dunn, Nora Foley and Josephine
Rusac. William E. Foley, grand mar
shal of the Native Sons of the Golden
West, was caught trying to bribe the
chief -of police to allow him to cross
the floor unescorted to enable him to
talk to a pretty girl on the other side
of the room. For this he was placed
in charge of Mrs. P. Urquhart, the
jailer, and he was forced to deposit
twice the amount of ball exacted from
other prisoners. There was a good pro
gramme of dances.
Santa Cruz Parlor recently tendered
a farewell reception to Mrs. C. W.
Lindsey, one of its most popular mem
bers, prior to her departure for San
Francisco, to take un, her residence
there.
On the evening of the second Friday
in February Piedmont Parlor of Oak
land entertained the officers and mem
bers of Aloha Parlor at a Valentine
party. There was a programme of mu
sic, songs and recitations, after. which
there was dancing and a. banquet in
an adjoining hall. On February 25 this
parlor had a whist tournament in Lorin
Hall, Oakland, under the supervision of
the following named: Mesdames J.
Jordan, G. Bibber, Jennie E. Brown,
A. McDonald and B. Pacheco and
Misses E. Chlcon, C. Engelhardt,
Amanda Hammerley, M. Kenny and F.
Scott.
On the evening of the second Satur
day in February La Estrella Parlor en
tertained the members of Keith Parlor
in its hall In the Native Sons' building
at a progressive game of hearts. ' The
Invited guests responded In generous
numbers and a very pleasant evening
was spent. The first prize was won by
Julia Tanner, who, after the game,
•favored those present with recitations,
giving Antony's speech over the body
of Caesar in a manner that astonished
ail that hoard her. After the short
programme that followed there were
coffee and cakes. Among those present
were Grand President Stella Finkeldey,
Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes and
Past Grand President Belle Wingfield
Conrad.
Royal Arcanum.
Ous Gunzendorfer, . Charles C. Mc-
Dougal and Frank J. Miller have been
appointed representatives from Buena
Vista Council of the Royal- Arcanum
to the Grand Council that is to meet
in Los Angeles next month. George L.
Darling, the orator of this council, has,
since his induction in office, proved
himself a first-class officer. At every
meeting he has provided entertainment
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2S, 1904.
SOME ACTIVE WORKERS IN SAN FRANCISCO FRATERNAL CIRCLES.
for the pleasure of the members and
discovered more talent in the member
ship than the council ever knew It had.
Sequoia Council, instituted about two
months ago, has made remarkable
progress. In that time It has added
about fifteen to its membership and the
officers are confident that before the
first of next July it will have a mem
bership of seventy-five.
Golden West Council will have a
ladles' night in its meeting hall on
February 29. There will be an in
teresting programme that is be
ing arranged under the supervision of
Regent H. B. Langille and Secretary
Thomas G. Hodgkins. The secretary
has issued an instructive bulletin for
the members advising them of the
council's methods of working in
membership league and giving advice
aS'to how to secure candidates. It i3
a novel and Interesting document.
Argonaut Council, the mother council
in San Francisco, is making good prog
ress under the direction of its new of
ficers and these expect to set a pace
for the other local councils which they
may well follow.
San Francisco Council is Joyful over
the prospect that before long it will
double its membership.
Argonaut Council last week initiated
a class of candidates, including several
for Golden West Council. The initia
tory^and routine work was followed by
an interesting and entertaining pro
gramme.
At a meeting of the joint committee
representing the San Francisco and
Alameda County councils held last week
it was decided to tender Past Supreme
Regent Joseph A. Langfitt a reception
on his visit to this city. There is to
be a reception by all of the councils
represented in the committee, drives
about the city, a trip through the Chi
nese quarter, a visit to the top of Tam
alpais and possibly a reception by the
councils on the other side of the bay.
Lions of the World.
San Francisco Den of the Lions of
the World, an organization that has
attained great strength in the, East,
but which Is new on this coast, is mak
ing considerable progress, having ap
plications at each meeting. At the ses
sion on the third Friday in February
there was one initiation and several ap
plications were presented. The den is
now prepared to give the degree of the
order, which is said to be one of the
most beautiful and dramatic that has
ever been arranged for a fraternal
beneficiary organization, In the ampli
fied form. The den, after the transac
tion of its routine business; was 'ad
dressed by Sir Lions Welch of the Oak
land den, A. J. Weinert, Dr. Taft.
George Lee and E. C. Stock of the local
den. This den .has arranged for a
smoker in its hall In the Union Square
building on the night of the 4th of
March, when there will be a good pro
gramme of entertainment and but short
speeches, two In number, just to In
terest the members and their friends
and to make them wise in regard to
the roarings of the lions.
The den in Oakland was recently in
stituted by Supreme Organizer George
Lee with twenty-five charter members,
and since then it has received fifteen
applications. The den is located In
Hamilton Hall and is opened every
Tuesday evening. The lions of this den
had a social time last week and pre
sented a good programme of entertain
ment.
There are prospects for the organiza
tion of another den in this city, ag it is
the purpose of the supreme organizer
to boom the order.
Steps are being taken for the organi-
zation of a den of the order In the uni
versity town of Berkeley.
The lions of San Francisco den have
been notified that the lion who, during
the current year, shall bring in the
greatest number of candidates will be
given a valuable gold watch. This of
fer-bars the officers 'from the contest:
A similar offer is made to the officers,
barring, out the other members.
Tribe of Ben Hur.
Mizpah Court No. 1 of. the Tribe of
Ben Hur, at the meeting on February
22, had a large attendance of members
and these witnessed the degree team of
the tribe confer the dramatic and beau
tiful degree of the order on a class of
carididates in a manner that was most
creditable to those that took part in
IC This court .will give a social in the
Welcome Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building on the night of March 7, on
which occasion there will be a pleas
ing entertainment for all that attend.
During the last few months this tribe
has been making remarkable progress
in the matter of securing new members.
Ben Hur Court No. 12 of Oakland,
which was instituted in July, 1903, dur
ing the first six months of its exist
ence nearly doubled its membership. At
the first meeting this year there were
twenty applications on file and during
the evening twelve more were present
ed. Six candidates were initiated. At
the second meeting, three applications
were presented and a like number of
candidates Rdmitted by initiation. .The
tribe, which has been very active along
the social line, has appointed Mesdames
Moon, Bray and Williams and Messrs.
Grube and Keith a committee to ar
range for a social to be given this
month. During the evening the meet
ing was addressed by Mr. and Mrs.
Summers. Daniel L. and Mrs. Dewey
of Mizpah Court of San Francisco; Mr.
Voorhees of Crawfordsvllle, Ind., and
members of the sitting court. The court
owns a fine set of robes, in which the
officers attire themselves when giving
the beautiful degree of the order. The
following named are tha officers In
stalled for the current term: Mrs. L.
E. Kolich, past chief; R. G. Marquardt,
chief; J. B. Wllcox, judge; Mrs. M. L.
Bowman, teacher; Dr. F. Clalzie,
scribe; Mrs. D. Devost, keeper of trib
ute; George Matheson and J. B. Nel
son, keepers of gates; E. Jacobson, cap
tain; C. B. Moon, Ben Hur; Mrs. A.' A.
Moor, mother of Ben Hur.
• Redmanship.
The degree team- of Awahnee Tribe
paid a visit to Altahmos Tribe last
week in the Post-street wigwam of the
Improved Order of Red Men and gave
an exhibition drill, which was almost
the acme. of perfection.
John Bridge and wife of Fruitvale
entertained the members of Yosemite
Tribe of Alameda last week . In their
home. There were present as special
guests Great Pocahontas Mrs. Betts
and her husband and Great Wenonah
Mrs. A. Bliss and her husband, Great
Chief of Records Porter L. Bliss.
Hiawatha Tribe of Riverside is or
ganizing a degree, team.^
Calumet Tribe of thisJjcUy has been
growing so fast that'lt]h*as';been forced
to seek larger, quart^rs,^, One of the
large halls In the Pyi™an Castle has
been secured. The - trroe ; has ordered
a set of costly costumes and the offi
cers, who have been,' perfecting them
selves in the work, will 'as soon as the
costumes are received be in a position
to confer all the degrees.
A new tribe will soon be Instituted at
McKittrick shortly after, the one at
Tulare shall have been instituted.. A
delegation will confer the three degrees
at the institution of the Tulare Tribe,
and this will be in the presence of dele
gations of chiefs from Fresno, Visalia
and Lemoore.
A new council of the Degree of Poca
hontas will be instituted at Hanford by
the great pocahontas and the degree
will be conferred by a team from
Stockton.
The character party ,f;iven by Poto
mac Council No. 26, Degree of Poca
h'ontas, in the long hall of the Post
street wigwam, on the third Saturday
in February, was one that was produc
tive of much enjoyment for all. Many
of the members were in costume with
out masks and presented all sorts of
characters from a countess to a rag
picker.- The affair was under the di
rection of the following named: Mrs.
Marie E, Schweinhard, Mrs. M. Doyle,
Mrs. Houser, Miss Ryan, Mrs. Haw
thorne, Miss O. Whitten; F. Figueroa,
lloor manager; Frank Pearson, assist
ant; Mrs. Richardson, Miss Kitty Pro
vence and Mrs. Derrick.
•Ladies' Auxiliary.
The February meeting of the Ladies'
Auxiliary to California Commandery
No. 1, Knights Templar, on the after
noon of the third Wednesday in Febru
ary, In Eutopia Hall, was a pleasant
one, and after the admission to mem
bership, by initiation, of Mrs. Harvey
H. Brann, Mrs. W. F. Cordes. Mrs. J.
B. Charleston and Mrs. Vail there was
an hour of social chat and an informal
programme of instrumental selections,
after which a dainty lunch was served.
There were present: Mrs. W. R. Jones,
president; Mrs. S. A. McDonnell, first
vice president; Mrs. Martinstein, sec
retary; Mrs. J. F. Logan, treas
urer: Mrs. W. A. Atwood, Mrs.
H. F. Barbier, Mrs. G. W. Bennett.
Mrs. A. A. Badkin, Mrs. M. J. Bragg,
Mrs. G. W. Brown, Mrs. W. C. Camp
bell, Mrs. A. M. Cox, Mrs. T. J. Crow
ley, Mrs. William Crocker, Mrs. • S.
Clark, Mrs. H. Damkroeger. Mrs. T. B.
de Witt,- Mrs. G. E. Dorn, Mrs. B. Dun
can,' Mrs. G. H. Dyer, Mrs. E. F. East
man, Mrs. D. E. F. Easton, Mrs. P. F.
Ferguson, Mrs. J. P. Fraser, Mrs. Isaac
Grant, Mrs. H. T. Graves, Mrs. E. W.
Gates, Mrs. George Haas, Mrs. T. L.
Henderson, Mrs. H. E. Holmes, Mrs. A.
Hromada, Mrs. C. F. Humphrey, Mrs.
E. P. Heald, Mrs. A. Huber, Mrs. J. P.
Jaegling, Mrs. M. Johnson, Mrs. M.
Jones; Mrs. Frank Johnson, Mrs. Wil
liam Koefilg, Mrs. J. Loewe, Mrs. H.
Maundrell, Mrs. J. Mills, Mrs. R. E.
Miller, Mrs. F. D. Marsh, Mrs. J. F.
Mclntosh, Mrs. H. McJunken, Mrs. C.
C. Morehouse, Miss E. Murray, Mrs. R.
W. Neil, Miss Eva Powell, Mrs. J. L.
Prior. Mrs. R. L. Radke. Mrs. S. P.
Ross, Mrs. George Seibe, Mrs. R. W.
Smith, Mrs. F. S. Snell, Mrs. C. W. Ta
ber,*Mrs. West. Mrs. G. W. Wittman,
Mrs. M. A. Wheaton, Mrs. James
. Mrs. O. Val Schmidt was missed from
the meeting. Since the previous meet
ing she suffered a paralytic stroke on
the left side, which has cqnfined her to
her home She Is improving.
Odd Fellows.
Presidio Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows had a very pleas
ant entertainment and dance in its
hall in the Odd Fellows' building last
week. \
The Odd Fellows' Hall Association
declared its fifty-third dividend last
week.-. TZi'.i/y-.:l -~
John H. Sikes, secretary of the Grand
Lodge of the jurisdiction of Illinois,
was in the city last week and visited
Grand Secretary Shaw at headquarters.
He and his wife are. making a tour of
California. -
A new hall was dedicated to Oddfel
lowship in Williams last week. During
the week the lodge there Initiated
eleven candidates, the ceremony being
followed by a banquet.
All arrangements have been com
pleted for the grand ball to be given
on the evening of March 11 in aid of
the Orphans' Home in Gllroy. This
affair, suggested by District Deputy
Mrs. Flora Bergman, is meeting with
the approval and support of all the
lodges of the Rebekah branch, as well
as of the subordinates.
The initiatory work in Loyal Rebekah
Lodge has been pronounced by visitors
from other lodges as the most beau
tiful eter given in that lodge. Many
innovations were introduced In the cer
emony of making six strangers mem
bers of the order. Those that had
charge of the ritualistic work were
highly praised for their proficiency.
Noble Grand Maude E. Barney was the
first In the State to give the new se
cret work. This lodge had a spelling
bee after meeting, February 22, and
it will have more initiatory work on
February 29.
Jubilee Lodge of the Rebekahs is tak
ing a deep interest in the testimonial
benefit that is being got up for Mrs.
Blanche Bouvler, one of its members,
and which is to be held in Golden Gate
Hall on the evening\>f March 17.
Modern Woodmen.
Goodfellowship Camp of the Modern
Woodmen of America has. during the
last three weeks, added quite a num
ber to its membership by adoption. It
has fully organized its drill team,
which has been practicing and is now
almost perfect in its work. In a very
short time the officers, with the as
sistance of the team, will be in a po
sition to give the degree of the order.
Last week a new camp of the order
was instituted in Pythian Castle with
a good charter list by State Deputy
Davis, assisted by Deputy Roberts and
the members of Good/ellovvship Camp.
The new subordinate has been named
Occidental.
A subordinate of the Royal Neigh
bors, the ladies' branch of the order,
was organized in this city last week
in Pythian Castle with twenfy-five
members. This branch of the order
has a membership of 100,000 in tha
United States and is claimed to be the
largest organization of the kind in th9
world. Mrs. J. O. Davis 'was chosen
oracle, which is the title given the pre
siding officer, and Mrs. J. O'Nell was
elected recorder. At the next meeting
quite a number of candidates will be
presented for initiation.
Order of Pendo.
After an absence of two weeks Su
preme Councilor Tugwell has returned
to this city from visits to the councils
in Los Angeles. Whlttier, San Pedro,
Pasadena and Long Beach. At each
place there was an examination Into
the business methods and the ritualis
tic work and under the good of the or
der there were addresses by the visit
ing official, lectures and a stereopticon
exhibition. In the councils visited, ex
cept one, there was an exemplification
of the work by the initiation of stran
gers into the order, and where there
was an exception there were presented
the names of several applicants, who
will be initiated at the next session.
The supreme officer was banquetted by
every council he visited.
The new council recently organized
in this city was instituted by the su
preme officers last week.
During the current month two coun
cils have been instituted in Oregon,
two in Washington and one In Colora
do. Two are in process of organization,
one in Redlands and one in Riverside.
It is expected' that these will be insti
tuted during the first week in March.
Special Organizer A. L. Wells is or
ganizing a new council In 'the Sunset
district of this city.
The "council in Oakland initiated sev
eral candidates last week and after the
work of the evening the newly initiated
members were invited to partake of a
supper gotten up to celebrate their ad
mission into the order.
Lincoln Annuity.
At the meeting of Assembly No. 1 of
the Lincoln Annuity Union on the third
Wednesday In February a class of nine
strangers was admitted by . initiation
Among the .number received was
Charles L. Patton. After the business
got up.
of the assembly there was an hour of
social entertainment, during which Eu
gene and Julian Letrodec entertained
with most pleasing instrumental num
bers, violin and piano. Speaker Duden
of the assembly has laid the foundation
for a new assembly In the southwest
ern pa»"t of the city and expects to
have it in \* irking operation in a short
time.
W. J. Schraner has instituted a new
assembly in Oakland with thirty-two
charter members. It is known as As
sembly No. 3.
Assembly No. 2 was instituted a
short time ago in Grants Pass, Or., and
arrangements are now being made for
the establishment of assembles In
Texas.
The committee on ritual has been at
work for some time and expects to
have one soon that will be satisfac
tory.
National Union.
At the last meeting of El Capitan
Council of the National Union. D. Oli
ver Jr. and Grattan D. Phillipe wer>>
admitted to membership on transfer
cards. "Pop" Wilson presented five ap
plications and announced that before
the end of the present membership
contest the council will have fifty ne.v
members.
Golden Gate Council at its meeting
on the fourth Tuesday in February ini
tiated two candidates and under good
of the order had a pleasant social
hour. William Healey, who for many
years has been sergeant of this coun
cil, and one of the best in the order, ia
also an active member of George H.
Thomas Post of the G. A. R. Recently
he was appointed on the staff of the
commander-ln-chief. General John C.
■Black, and commissioned a colonel.
,At the first meeting in March the San
Francisco Cabinet will pay an official
visit to California Council,, being the
first by the new cabinet officers. For
the evening of March 16 Speaker E. C.
Ker has arranged an entertainment for
the members and their lady relatives
and friends in the meeting hall of the
council in the Pioneer building.
«
Woodcraft.
The fraternal visit of the Woodmen's
visiting committee, Woodmen of the
World, to Richmond Camp in the Rich
mond district on the fourth Friday in
February was a very pleasant affair.
The same committee, of which P. F.
Gilroy is the chairman and David Oli
ver Jr. the secretary, will visit Calu
met Camp in the Shiels building March
8 and Pathfinder Camp In Its hall. 4423
Mission street, on March 25.
If ever a set of people enjoyed a par
ty it was the many ladies and gentle
men who, on the night of the third
Saturday In February, attended the
leap year ball given by Haven Circle
No. 404 of the Women of Woodcraft in
Mission Opera Hall. The ladles of the
circle had charge, and the manner
In which they took to "jail" those that
violated the leap year rules and those
that did not proved most conclusively
that when the ladies have the oppor
tunity they are ever ready to show
that they can rule. But as it was all
good-natured fun those of the sterner
sex who were the victims submitted
gracefully.
Order St. George.
The leap year party previously an
nounced by Britannia Lodge. Daugh
ters of St. George, for the early part of
March has been postponed until the
last Wednesday In that month on ac
count, of the death of one of the mem
bers. The date chosen will bring the
party long beyond the usual period of
mourning.
The leap year social and dance given
by Empress Victoria Lodge on Febru
ary- 19 In Red Men's Hall was one of
the most delightful functions ever ar
ranged by this popular lodge. The hall
was filled to Its limit. There was a
pleasing short programme of vocal so
los dnd recitations, after which there
was dancing under the strictest leap
year rules under the direction of Mrs.
L. Jeffrey, floor manager, assisted by a
full corps of assistants. The social
•was given chiefly for the purpose of
realizing funds to relieve the needs of
a distressed member, and along that
line it proved a success. The patron
age it gained was well deserved and
the money secured wyi bring cheer to
the home of the one for whom It wa*WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
Instinctively- I had been to "The Old
Homestead" the night before — 1 put out
my hand to prevent Denrr.an Thomp
rc-n from walking into the elevator
vhaft as we went roofward at his hotel
rtif other day. It was all Mr. Thomp
son's fault. The apple-cheeked, blue
eyed old gentleman who met me in the
ILJtle reception iw>m arthe Palace was
Joshua Whiteomb to the life, and most
*f'us know how much the old hc-me
steader knows about elevators. Yet,
like Whiteomb. I sonn found that the
mild, wondering eyes of Mr. Thompson
are as shrewdly observant as they are
kind; thai the elevator is no more a
strange beast to him than to you and.
me.
..Withal, it is not for nothing that a
;man plays the same character for
twenty-nine years, as Denman Thomp
son has played Joshua Whiteomb. The
actor has preserved the same buoyant
interest in life as the old countryman;
his outlook has the same quaint, fresh,
shrewd sweetness; his cheek even the
sun-born rosiness of Whitcomb's — how
ever he has managed it. One wonders,
apropos, just what effect a twenty
.r.ine year course of "Ghosts," for ex
ample, would have had on the Oswald
<~>f the cast.
Mr. Thompson was for chatting in
the reception room, but I decided for
the palm-set veranda on the sixth floor,
at the instigation of my photographic
accomplice.
"Is it one of those little things you
sna*p?" the actor asked, as we informed
him of our pictorial intentions, "be
< a use I have refused to be photo
praphed so many times. And I don't
v.ant to hurt any one. Why, it is years
and years since I was photographed.
I couldn't go to any gallery, you know."
He was told that he would not have
to pese. that he need not be cognizant
f the proceedings at all. and that we
should be greatly favored if he would
simply permit the i hotographer within
snapping distance.
' Well I guess you have your living to
pet same as me," he put it Whitcombly,
"a«d you ain't always got the choice of
how to git it. Come along, boy."
The "boy" and I came along, and
the next moment were among the
paffns of the top story.
♦Wonderful place this." the old gen
tleman began, looking up at the big
girders of the glass roof. "Never been
beat. It was built just two years v hen
I came here first. They thought it a
darzlin' place then. 'Twas a wonder,
too — 'way out here so far from any
thing. Like the railroads. Those men
deserved all they got. They put every
bean they owned into the roads. Every
tifne I cross those deserts comin' out
hVre.I wonder more how they had the
(■rurage 10 lay those tracks."
"That's a long time ago, Mr. Thomp
son."
'I came here first in "78," the actor
supplied. "Been playin* Joshu-a for
twenty-nine years. Quite a record."
"He put up a proud finger here— that
looked curiously more used to the feel
of flour than of a hare's foot — then
went on: "I was in 'Joshua Whiteomb*
then. "The Old Homestead' is a sequel
play.'
'And before that, Mr. Thompson?"
"Oh. everything," the veteran player
replied. He has the gentle drawl of
Whiteomb, the quaint lift of the voice
'at the end of the sentence. "Yes. sir:
I could show you a playbill where I
played Uncle Tom In 1855. and Paddy
Myles in 'The Limerick Boy' at the
eod of the evening. Not to speak" —
■with a soft chuckle — "of dancinsr a
hornpipe between pieces'. • • • And
I'll tell you in a minute who was in the
company with me. Just wait. I'll re
member soon."
The placid old face takes on a far
away look ax Mr. Thompson "remem
bers." I find later that to the actor
there" are just two kinds of people —
those that are living and those that are
dead. It is a little shivery- But he has
recalled his man. The actor's memory
if< indeed a truly notable one. His
gentle wrinkles deepen as he says.
Flapping the arm of the velvet couch
he Is seated upon:
""Jim Warwick's the man. He came to
Calfforny afterward, and represented
somewhere or other for a lone time in
the Legislature. He was 'J. H.' War
wick tnen, look you. But he was 'Jim'
when we were playing together. He's
living. Jim is a newspaper correspond
ent in Brooklyn. X. Y.. now. writina
under the nom de plume of 'Broad
brim.' You must know him. But I
tell you the scene between Henry Hop
kins and me in the play ain't a circum
stance* to when Jim and I get to
grether."
"Mr. Thompson, would you please
Jift yoyr hand again as you did a little
svhile apo?" this, rashly, from the art
ist.-
VNay. boy." Thompson smiled.
•' 'twarnt like me. Anybody seeing a
picture of me with those spreadeagle
wa« - 5 wouldn't know it. You know I'm
a quiet sorl of hoss. I try to Kit and
vvalk and talk perfectly naturally off
stage and on. And that's the thins:
about .plays — the fitness of things as
Colonel Ingersoll says. Gel a play to
puit you so that you can be yourself,
that you want to cry, and kick and
laugh, just when your character should.
And not too much of any* of 'em mostly.
That's my way."
'The people seem to like it," I invite
!<i Mr. Thompson's forsetfulness of the
artist'* suggestion. But the actor then
;;ood-naturedly sat still for a moment
in a x»ose that he considered appro
priate. I remark then, '"They wanted
you out »n front last night."
"I was sorrv not to come out," the
..Id gentleman said. '"But I was never
much, of a hand for it. la fact, they
#)Id me I couldn't set out in front of
the curtain, and we had to change
scenes. No, lots of people can do that
kind of thing as well as they can act.
There was Sol Smith Russell and Ezra
Kendall— oh. have you heard Ezra Ken-
dall? That fellow with his curtain
speeches makes me laugh till I can't sit
on my seat. It's a gift. I haven't it.
Still, when people try to pay you a
compliment by gettin' you out, you
don't want 'em to think you are un
grateful. Could you tell them it was
not my fault? 'Course, we're not there
just to be called out. But we all like
it. particularly the youngsters."
"And how old a youngster are you,
Mr. Thompson?* The veteran has the
same nride in his age as the beauty in
her youth. "Jefferson is older, is he
not ?"
"Jefferson" — without envy — "is six
years older than I am. He's 76. Splen
did man. Of cpurse, he's much older as
an actor than I am.' He came of a the
atrical family and went on the stage as
a child."
"You did not, Mr. Thompson?"
"No, sir, I was grown before, I went
on. I was behind my uncle's counter
when I got my chance. But I spoke
pieces at school, and used to take part
in all the exhibitions. Lord, don't I
remember my first theater? I could no
more sleep than nothing in the world
that night! It was a fairy piece, and
I dreamed of "it for days — " and the
•shimmer of the old dream glinted again
in the bright blue eyes.
"And then you wanted to be an
actor?"
"Perfectly infatuated," he put It.
"But I went to my uncle's store at
Lowell — I was born and raised in
Beech Woods, Pennsylvania, in a log
cabin; my father was one of the pio
neers out there — and went into busi
ness. Then one day there came to the
store an actor they called 'Yankee'
Locke. I'd seen him in a Yankee part
the night before. Well. I had to go
to the back of the store to laugh, he
was so funny in the play and so sober
off. But next time he came I asked
uncle to introduce me and I told him
I wanted to go on the stage. And he
got me on."
"That was in—"
"Le's see — wait a moment, I'll tell
you. Oh. yes; I was 20 then — 1853."
"And you haven't had a farewell tour
yet?" '
"Nor intend to just yet if I feel as
well as I do now." the actor said
stoutly. Then he leaned forward to
whisper, and I wondered what was
coming. "I don't like to make any
one a storyteller, but I'll just tell you
that the report that this was my last
appearance was entirely unauthor
ized. One of the papers had it so."
"And you're still not tired of your
work?"
"Xo, sir. It's the last thing one
tires of if one likes it. And I like to
please people. So does everybody. So
do you, don't you? I tell you," the
mild old face looked as wise as a kind
old owl's here, "I tell you more men
have died of 'retiring* than of old age.
It's feeling that you are still of use
and consequence that keeps one alive.
I always think of Colonel of
the old Centennial Hotel. He'd made
a sight of money hotel keeping; didn't
need to work any more and he'd put
a manager in his place. But he used
to be around all the time. He had a
great way of going over the list of
new arrivals,- and one day the man
ager said to him, 'Why d'ye bother?
You don't need the money.' The col
onel said: 'You'll never make a hotel
keeper. I shall never be too rich to
care whether people consider my hotel
good enough to come back to after
they've been under my roof, nor too
old to try to make them come.' You
see. he had pride in his trade. * *
There's my uncle, too. .He was in the
fur business. He retired. But he has
a swing seat in the office just the
same. Sometimes the boys will make
a deal the old man doesn't approve —
he's always interferin', and one day
one of them suggested that he should
go to Orchard Beach for a week and
have a good time. He just screamed:
'A good time; why, I haven't a min
ute to spare!' And he really hadn't
a thing to do. We're all pretty much
like that when you come to think of
it. But I think he'd dte in a week if
they sent him home. All is vanity, but
a good hand at the curtain is a good
thing. I'm not retiring yet."
"Am I right in thinking 'The Old
Homstead* the oldest of the rural
dramas?"
"Yes," and the old gentleman proudly
added, "they call it the 'daddy of them
all' on the playbills in Boston. Things
have changed a hull lot since 'The Old
Homestead' started."
"We've changed a lot here?" I sug
gest.
"A trifle," he smiled. He lifted up
four fingers here and said: "There were
cmly four theaters here, I think, when
I first came. We played 'Joshua Whit
comb' for eight wepks then, at Billy
Emerson's Opera-house. That was '78.
I'll tell you in a minute who was at
the California then. Great days. Oh,
yes. John E. Owens was playing 'Solon
Shingle' then, and there were Tom
Keene, McCullough and Frank Banga
in the company. And at the ' Bush
Theater there was— now, I'll think in
a moment — Goodwin, sure enough, Nat
Goodwin. Billy Crane and George
Knight in 'Kvangeline.' The money
flew i» those days, I tell you. It was
unlimited."-. •.
"There have been many changes hi
your company, too, Mr. Thompson."
"A sight," he said. "Chauncey Olcott
spoke his first lines with me, so did
Neil Burgess. Laura Burt was an
other beginner in my company. Your
own Tim Frawley played one of his
first parts with me. He showed lha
stuff even then. Yes, sir."
Then Mr. Thompson looked up at me
quizzically and said: "I think that
will be about all. Old folks get to talk
ing too much, when they get a good
listener — and sometimes when they
■don't. And it ain't always worth Us-.
tenin' to. Mostly not."
"But you haven't told me yet any
thing about 'The New Minister, 1 " I
demur, "your new play. I« really want
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 1904.
to hear about it — cross my heart!"
Somehow the problem play got men
tioned here and Mr. Thompson sat
down again — he had risen from his seat
— to acknowledge that he did not wholly
like the problem play. Yet when I
suggested that to keep away from
problems is to keep away from life the
actor said: "Some people are certainly
benefited by seeing themselves in the
glass — trouble is they don't recognize
themselves. I do think, properly illus
trated, that the difficulties of living
are useful material. When George and
Mary see things happening to another
George and Mary on the stage it's apt
to set them thinking."
And then Mr. Thompson began to
talk. It is a pity that he also requested
my silence, as Is usual with people wh)
began to be really interesting. What
matters must be ignored, however, and
I fell in with the conspiracy of silence.
But Mr. Thompson has much to say
that is not in Joshua Whitcomb's phil
osophy. He has a curiously sage, un
conventional regard In some directions.
But then again—
" 'The New Minister* is quite a hit
in the East, I see."
"Done very well," Thompson rejoined.
"You know Ryer and I wrote that to
gether, and I'm glad for his sake it
I? doing so well. He's dead. His widow
has the rights of It."
"We liked it here, Mr. Thompson."
"Oh, you saw it. And really liked it?
Well, there's a good many of my idea3
in that play."
"I recognize that."
"At the end of the second act "
"I remember It "
"No, you don't," Mr. Thompson
chuckled, "this end was cut out. They
thought it too much. There is a dona
tion party at the new minister's— you
know what they are, everybody brings
something, slippers or custards or
something— and some one comes in
with a story of a poor fellow and his
family starving. Well, the orthodox
eld minister plumps on his knees and
says: 'I will give him my prayers.' The
other chap, the new minister, says:
"And I. my Dotatoes'— 'I mv ncrtatoes!'
Good day to you, I'll be seeing you
again before I go?"
GOOD LIST OF NEW
PLAYS IS BILLED AT
THE LOCAL THEATERS
As elsewhere noted "on,e of the most
important attractions of tlie week will
be "The Gypsy Baron" at the Tivoli,
that Is to be sumptuously revived with
Signor Russo in the leading tenor role.
• » *
At the Columbia Denman Thompson
in "The Old Homestead" will continue
to be the attraction.
• ■ • • ,■■ '
The Grand Opera-house has a bill of
some local moment In "The Hills of
ite comedian of the Alcazar, Frank
Bacon, assumes a star role.
! Next Sunday evening will see the
farewell performances of "Roly Poly"
and of Kolb and Dill at Fischer's, the
favorite Dutch team to be succeeded
by Richard F. Carroll and John P. Ken
nedy, who will make their first appear
ance on the following evening in "The
Rounders."
The charming comedy, "Miss"' Hobbs,"
will be the offering of the Alcazar this
week. * It should prove an attractive
bill. .
"Sag Harbor," with what is prophe
sied to be an exceptionally strong, cast,
begins a week's engagement at the
California to-night.
' There is one more chance to see "The
King of the Opium Ring" at the Cen
tral for this evening. "A Break for
Liberty." a strong melodrama, is to
succeed it to-morrow evening.
Lokl and her "statue horse" Nirvana,
that poses with its mistress in living
pictures, will be chief attraction of the
Orpheum's bill this week/
The Chinese baby girl Is still iecelv
inc at. the Chutes Incubator, and there
VE TERAN DENMAN
THOMPSON TALKS
OF THE STAGE.
are good turns at the theater to boot
The Kilties' last cencerts will be given
this afternoon and evening at the Al
hambra Theater. No good Scot can
afford to miss this band of Gordon Hle
landers.
Mr. Louis H. Eaton, assisted by Mrs.
Grace Davis Northrup, • soprano, and
Miss Elsie P. Sherman, violinlste, will
give his twenty-second free organ re
cital at Trinity Church Monday even
ing, February 29, at 8 o'clock. Mrs.
Northrup will sing two Biblical songs
by Dvorak, and "Great Is the Holy One
of Israel," by H. L. Case. Miss Sher
man will play the "Romance" from
Wlenlawskl's second violin concerto,
and the "Hejre Kati" by Jens Hubay.
The organ numbers will be fourth
trio sonata by Bach, scherzo sym
phonique concertant by Faulkes,
andante cantabile from the string quar
tet by Tschalkowski,' Op. 11, and Men
delssohn's fifth sonata. A collection will
be taken for the benefit of the volun
teers of Trinity Choir.
GOSSIP ABOUT THE
PLAYERS AND TOPICS
PERTAINING TO STAGE
Owen Wister, author of "The Vir
ginian," dropped into a Bowery shoot
ing gallery the other day, when he hap
pened to be down that way. He is a
quiet-appearing young man, and the
Bowery sports, who had been watch-
Ing the attempts of unskillful custom
ers, were inclined to snicker when Mr.
Wister pulled off his left glove and
seized a revolver with that hand.
"Better take the right hand to It,
beau," observed a very tough-looking
mug, with a note of contempt In his
voice.
"Oh, I don't know," answered Wister,
quietly, as he put six bullets into the
space of a silver quarter on the target
twenty yards away. "I have always
been used to sh'ooting with either
hand. '
"B'chee. If he was a little taller, and
had'de whiskers on his chin, I should
think dat guy wuz Buffalo Bill." mut
tered the mug. as Wister walked away.
Henry W. Savage's English Grand
Opera Company travels In relays.
There are v three sets of principals in
t:.is enormous organization, and two
of these sets, each In Its special Pull
man, go ahead of the full company, to
be "rested up" when "called upon to
ping. This ' system, has the effect of
keeping the voices, of the artists fresh
and clear, and, Incidentally, of. giving
spirit and verve to\the performances.
• . " • . V •
"Mary of Magdala," in which Mrs.
Fiske will be seen In this city, Is a
drama entirely worthy of this great
actress and her standing as the most
strongly individualised and most artis
tic player that the American stage can
boast. And this play has been pro
duced by Mrs. Fijke In a manner to
reflect the highest credit. -
More folk than one would Imagine
seem to find Sunday afternoon a good
time to enjoy chamber music, as wit
ness the attendance at the Kopta Quar
tet novelty concerts. It is true Lyric
Hall would hold more, but It could
hold by a keenly interested hundred
or so fewer people than gathered there
last Sunday. Perhaps of all kinds of
music chamber music is most fastidi
ous in its appeal. It invites only the
chosen. Only the few respond to Its
charm. And the resulting freema
sonry of Its audiences Is a fine and
pretty thins:. You may indeed at such
concerts be pretty sure you'd love your
neighbor if you knew him — without
he fiddled better than you — which
again he Is entirely likely to do!
I noticed a good many fellow fid
dlers enjoying Mr. Kopta and his con
freres last Sunday, Mr. Minetti, whose
own quartet is silent just at present,
among them. It seems that when one
brother of the bow. a little tired of the
hard work and small (material) re
ward of the string quartet work, drops
it another comes to lift it heroically
again. Mr. Kopta has already done
much service in this field, notably at
the afternoons given by Mrs. Hearst
last season to the students at the Uni
versity of California. Mr. Kopta's
own good fiddling is famous and his
associates are well known bowmen.
"Johnny" Joseph plays an individual
second fiddle; Charles Heinsen's viola
playing Is entirely reliable, if slightly
wanting in personality; and Adolph
Lada is a sympathetic and tasteful
'cellist. I have before expressed my
pleasure in Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt's un
usually efficient pianlsm that makes
possible iuch feats as the quite remark
able performance of the "Marcia"*
(Schumann quintet, op. 44) last Sun
day, a firm and delicate bit of ensemble
work such as one seldom hears. It la
in such places that one becomes en
thusiastic over the future of the quar
tet. The "stuff" is surely there, and the
pleasure of watching its development
will be ours.
The attendance will, however, deter
mine the continuance or stoppage of the
series. In the meantime one more con
cert has been arranged for on Sunday.
March 13, at 3 o'clock. For novelty
the Richard Strauss piano quartet,
op. 13, will be given for the first time
here. Dvorak's string quartet, op. 96.
will also be played.
Whether Mr. Hartman'a engagin?
Deutsch, Signor Russo's fascinating
English, or Teddy Webb's imported
mustache, will prove the most seduc
tive asset of "The Gypsy Baron " at the
Tivoli this week remains to be seen. Nor
has the bloom faded from Signor Rus
so's courageous lingo. As for Web:» v 3
mustache, by the way in which the ac
complished little comedian stroked its
invisible bristles at rehearsal, it prom
ises to be the greatest thing in sight.
Johann Strauss' music, too, will be
there. One of the best of the famous
light operas of the "Waltz Kins." "The
Gypsy Baron" is as attractive to-'day
as when it first took Vienna by storm
in 18S3. The proportions of the work
are almost grand operatic, the finale
of the first act one of the finest in light
opera. By the promise of the rehearsals
the Tivoli's production to-morrow even
ing will be notably adequate. Perhaps
it will not be like that of Herr Con
ried, who produced the opera in Boston
in '8S with an orchestra of 110 men, and
principals and chorus In key. Still.
Conried's Deutscher papa was played
on that occasion by "Teddy" Hartman
— who said "sung?" It is a gross libel.
And Herr Conried did not have Signor
Russo. whose engag ment for the gypsy
baron's part is a distinct inspiration.
None familiar with TivnJi history will
forget the little I nor's lapses into
comic opera when the grandest was in
tended. Signor Russo has now a de
lightful opportunity to prove himself
the comedian that he was born. There
is again the competent Cunningham,
and of the women, Carro Roma as the
gypsy princess. Annie Myers. Miss
Deglow and Eugenia Barker. Seven
weeks' rehearsal has given the chorus
— one of the best and largest the Tlvoll
has owned — ample chance, and alto
gether "The Gypsy Baron" promises
excel'- r» entertainment.
This week will see the introduction
here of one of the most distinguished
pianistic lights of the day In Harold
Bauer, who will be heard thrice in re
citals this week, on Tuesday and Thurs
day evenings and Saturday afternoon,
at Lyric Hall. It is a long season
since we have haft a pianist prophet to
preach to us, and from what I can
gather Mr. Bauer's planism goes.
Curiously he began as a wonder-child
violinist at the age of 9. But the piano
always allured and Paderewskl heard
him touching the keys one day with a
subtle sympathy that Impelled the
great Pole to advise him to desert the
violin for the piano. Bauer did so.
went to study with Paderewski In "92.
with the result of arousing now among
his critics a peculiarly vital admira
tion of his newer aft. It is to be hoped
that Manager Greenbaum's enterprise
In affording San Francisco the oppor
tunity to hear Mr. Bauer will meet
with the success It deserves. It can
safely be averred that Mr. Bauer will
be bravely worth hearing. Following
are the three programmes— a distin
guished tri<* It will be noted:
MARCH 1.
Prelude and fusue tn E minor. Op. 35.... •
MendslMotsn
Sonata In F sharp minor .Schnmann
Nocturne in F iharp minor. Etude In C
minor. Fantasia ........ Chopin
Gavotte • • • Cluck- Brahm*
Impromptu In A Hat Schubert
Mephlsto Vatee Liszt
SECOND CONCERT— MARCH 3.
Sonata Appawrtonata. Op. 57. .'. Beethoven
KreRlerlana. Op. 11 ' Schumann
Jnternuzxo Brahms
Caprlccio ..., Mend<*ls*ohn
Prelude in A flat. Barcarolle Chopin
Etude in D flat Liszt
"U'alkuienrltt Wagner
SATURDAY MATINKE PROGRAMME
MARCH 5.
Sonata tn A flnt major. Op. 110 Beethoven
Rondo, Op. 12» Beethoven
Nocturne In E major. Polonaise In A flat
major Chopin
fitoccata in D Bach
(a) In der Nacht. (b) Novelette Schumann
fihapsodie HongrcUe No. 13 • Liszt
1920
THE SMART SET MOBILIZED AT MONTEREY
What a hegira to Monterey! A local
rollcall of the smart set would resemble
a roster of swallows in winter. The
ponies! The men! The -women! The
s-port! The weather! Ah! What won
der the lads and lassies hied them
thither for rejuvenation "after the most
strenuous winter we have ever known.
The fine salt air and the inspiring
sport promises wonders to them — and
such a royal time.
Besides, here the men have a chance
to shine. What a hero is he who, play
jng a fast and furious game, is chucked
over his por.y's head, and falls pros
trate on the sodden field? Is there a
maid with soul so dead whose quicken
ing heart would not beat in rapture if
said hero— on emerging from the hos
pital — would offer his battle-scarred
hand to her for keeps? If there be one,
trot her out, for she is not within the
range of the feminine folk I know.
Now. there's the irresistible Tom
Driscoll, handsome, debonair, and oh,
eo well supplied with ducats. When he
went down with his pony, every
woman's heart bent down with him.
And when he got up, up came the
hearts. Why. the least clever of us
could feel the rebound.
A polo player who is well up in the
running in popularity is the handsome
Parsee, Mr. Ezra. Likewise, the dash
ing Mr. Mackey. Walter Hobart—
though hardly in this class, being wed
ded — is one of the lodestars of the
grounds, and for dash, daring and
deviltry is not excelled in the field.
How about the Britishers? Well, the
truth to tell, they lack the same quality
in their playing that their women lack
in dress — dash and individuality. Their
play is even, unscnsational and thought
ful, but— your pardon— not displaying
the Driscoll dash, nor, incidentally, the
Driscoll bruises. The Englishman is
•wisely careful of his ruddy epidermis —
hence his beautiful caution.
. . .
Among the dashing women who ap
plauded the efforts of the pony rid
c-rp were: Mrs. Frank Carolan, Miss
Umily Carolan, Mrs. Kittle. Miss Isabel
Kittle. Mrs. Harry Williams Poett, Mrs.
■Martcrt of Philadelphia, Miss Helen
Johnston of Chicago, Mrs. Emil Bru
puleYe. the Misses King, Miss Herrick,
Hiss Frances Howard, Miss Ethel
Dean. Miss Virginia Jolliffe, Miss Cora
Kirk of Chicago. Miss Celia Tobin, Mrs.
Charles Raoul Duval, Miss Charlotte
Russell. Mrs. Walter Hobart, the
ilisEee Parrott. Miss Langhorne and
the ever-gay Mrs. Peter Martin.
Some of these women wore gowns
that rivaled the morning robe of the
rose, bejeweled with dew.
Some pretty warm lorgnette duels
were fought on the hotel piazza,
ably seconded by the retainers of both
cides. The cause? Now, pray tell me,
who can tell the •cause of any woman's
quarrel — after first eliminating the
penus "rrran" from the question.
Women's "reasons" for "frappeing"
their vis-a-vis usually^ surpass my un
derstanding. "Jealousy?" Now, I didn't
say so, did I?".
* •■> -■•■/ -■':
Hark ye, maids and matrons fair!
The Cat has pone forth that 'tis bad
form — very bad form— to manifest the
smallest degree of effusiveness in greet
ing one's friends. On spying a friend
on the street, on the boulevard, in the
theater, or at a ball, prepare to greet
her, or him. with a "frozen fac«" a
timorous, tame voice and a tired air.
It doesn't matter what she — or he — may
think of the frappe greeting, so long
as you bask in the consciousness of
2biding by the laws of .good form. Alas!
for the passing of the roseate debutante
kiss. It was a pretty thing, and so full
of suggest! veness to the wistful chap
pie. But its doom is sealed — likewise
the hearty handshake. They are both
bourgeoise. and are thus ■ passed up
from us.
• •■■».,
A social page without the Peter Mar
tins would be like "Hamlet" with Ham
let left out. . (Your pardon, for. this an
tiquity!) Are they to remain among
us, or go hence? tVre they going to
settle among the Blingumites, or re
main under the family roof-tree?
The truth to tell, Mrs. Peter is quite
the rage. And what wonder? She has
beauty, unquestionably, style, person
ality and a superabundance of verve
and .dash, .v.i »!
. Have' you reen her in her auto? Her
chauffeur Is" a dapper chap and he
makes the machine do all sorts of
clever stunts. His "up-hill" perform
ances fill him with glee— when he has a
good sized audience— and he usually
has. ■ *■-■.■ -■.*"'
Mrs. - Martin's . handsome brother,
Harry . Oelrichs,", \&s ' quite as. much
sought after as^his charming sister.
Many lariats were leveled * at , him by
the vigilant mammas, but he is a good
dodger and has escaped the noose up
Quite the largest dinner of a very
slow week was that of E. S.. Pillsbury
at the Palace, on Monday night, in
honor of Mr. Fish, the president of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 190|.
American Telephone Company. The
tables, about' which fifty guests were
gathered, were graced with primroses,
violets and pink carnations; soft music
was wafted • through the conservatory
room from an unseen bower. . The fol
lowing guests were- bidden: Mr. and
Mrs. Horace~Pillsbury, Judge Mrs.
W. W. TVIorrow, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick
Van Sicklen, Mr. and Airs. Percy Mor
gan, Mr. and Mrs. : Horace Hill,- Mr.
and Mrs. Clinton Worden, Mr. and Mrs*.
Timothy Hopkins, Mr. and" Mrs. Henry
Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. "Wakefield Baker,
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mr.
and Mrs.-Walter MacGavin, Judge and
Mrs. Ross, Judge and Mrs. Harrison,
Mr. and Mrs. E. O. McCormick, Judge
and Mrs. Van Fleet, Mr. and -Mrs. Nut
taU, Mr. and Mrs. Homer King, Mrs.
James E. Robinson, Mrs. Richard
Boyne, Miss Pillsbury, Miss Bliss and
Captain de la Mar.
Leading the formal functions of the,
week was the reception of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Manuel Masten on "Friday night
at the Century clubhouse, in honor of
the fifteenth anniversary of their wed
ding, and right royally was it commem
orated. The clubrooms were garlanded
gladly with forest boughs and ferns
and a veritable wealth of blossoms —
roses mostly— and what with the ex
quisitely gowned women, the function
was one long to be remembered.
Mrs. Masten wore a gown of rare
beauty — a white lace robe wrought over
chiffon, whose sheer surface bore beau-
tiful crystals, the whole over white silk.
The . low bodice was finished with ' an
exquisite bertha of . lace, which gave
a splendid style to- a gown that was
well adapted to Mrs. Masten's Titian
beauty. < "
' Quite the proper caper during these
Lenten days is the sewing fad. Just
peep into the jewelers' windows these
days, and behold the glad array of
"work-boxes"— just the kind every
well-bred girl of eight received in ye
olden -days. Don't you remember yours?
The maids and matrons meet in each
other's homes alternately— the last
hostess was the charming Mrs. Fannie
■Lent. A merry chat? I dare say,' and
some cozy things for needy babes, too.
In this particular set are Mrs. Andrew
Welch, Miss^Florence Callaghan, Mies
Helen Pettigrew and Mrs. Eugene Lent.
It is said that the constitution and by
laws of this particular sewing circle
forbid more than a very mild use of
the . tack-hammer. ■
# But -truly, would not it be a stupid
world had we not. the discernment to
note our fellow's faults and peccadillos,
and seeing them, to comfort ourselves
thereby?
• a *
Behold Chicago! It— that is. smart
ChicagoVhas. become a literary, mecca.
Great speakers are flocking there, mu
sicians are opening studios there, and
behold, the society women are giving
musicales, parlor lectures and all sorts
of cultural stunts. It is said that the
only subject barred by common consent
from these drawing-room affairs is the
subject of zoology — because it will — dis
cuss—pork.
The latest cultural craze there is
Griggs— our own Professor Griggs of
Stanford. Here is what we read of
him and his work:
"The name of. Griggs has become
paramount in the land!
"In street cars • it strikes the tym
panum from a far corner; at luncheons
it is the words -and thinkings of Griggs
that are praised and discussed, at din
ners it is 'Have you heard • Griggs?'
and on the highway, 'I am hunting for
Griggs; where is he speaking to-day?'
I was a little prepared for this'epidemic
of Griggs as he struck New York last
winter, and the Griggs cult there raged
unabated all last season; people talked
of this brilliant young professor till
the subject got absolutely to be' a bore
and the men who hadn't heard him said
whenever, the hated war cry of Griggs
was sounded: , 'Dash, this Griggs; can't
W&' talk of s6me\?6dy v else to-night?'
"But Griggs wore well in New York.
His lectures continued to be the vogue
and people tore on about him all sum
mer, and possibly are tearing still.
. "Professor Edward Griggs cante out
of 'the West, even so far as Leland
Stanford University. He now lives in
Morristown. In the interim, I believe,
he has been abroad for years, in Italy
and Germany, studying. One of his lec
ture courses here this winter has been
on the great spiritual leaders, like St.
Francis and St. Augustine, and the
course at the Art Institute has been
on the Italian cities and early Italian
art, Ravenna and art of the sixth cen
tury being his subjects last Tuesday
afternoon in Fullerton Hall. These art
lectures are illustrated by stereopticon.
His talk at Mrs. Coonley Ward's Mon
day night was on Browning's ideals of
'manhood,' and to-morrow night in the
same drawing-room he speaks of
Browning's thoughts of 'womanhood/
and very beautiful are Griggs' own
Mf.rds on women. After hearing him
speak, witt> his marvelous, eloquence
and the incessant flow of ideas bearing
the stamp of newness, of originality,
the mind is so uplifted by the charm of
it all that when he ceases to speak
and other voices begin to tinkle round
about you it is as a poetical woman
expresses it. 'Like coming out of an
opera-house with your ears full of har
monics and hearing the clang of the
cable car and the harsh grating of car
riage wheels on the roadway.' '
"Griggs is young, light, slender,
smooth of face, long of hair, earnest,
sincere. Furthermore, he is married
and, still further,- there are four little
Griggnes at home in the family nest."
Nov. 1 ; we of the West discovered
Griggs. We learned of him when- Rev.
-inna B. Shaw discovered him years
ago, and pointed him out as the perfect
type of man. Therefore, is he not ours?
Albeit, we will lend him to Chicago
cheerfully, but we must meanwhile get
busy at home and do a\little along the
same lines ourselves.
There is already a. tendency toward
this in a few Ran Francisco homes — no
tably that of -Mrs.'Horace Hill — who in
stead of giving inane and imbecile teas
—which every one declares to be "pests
and bores," and vet gives them and
goes to them — gives musicales. Now,
there is some motive in such an enter
tainment, and the pleasure derived is
whetted by the contrast of sense and
nonsense.
Mrs>Hill gave a delightful affair re
cently, when old-fashioned songs
(which, by the way, are quite -the rage
now in Gotham) were sung by Caroline
Little, the talented Oakland girl who
recently returned from Europe. .
Let us pray for the return of the
musicale. or anything— anything to
supplant the inane teas, where semi-in
telligent talk and imbecilic chatter
threaten the complete overthrow of the
debutante's brain.'
Is smoking among the maids and ma
trons growing in favor? It would seem
so— judging from the publicity with
which many of our. smart set send. up
curling . wreaths of smoke from their
pretty. lips. At dinner now the cigar
ettes are passed to the ladies with as
much ■ sangfroid as . are cigars » to the
men. But herein is no sin— it is "simply
a little luxury the men have taught
them.
The Jack Valentines returned to Oak
land last week from their short wed
ding tour. They will reside in Seattle
for a .<Jar,_ but will probably eventually
PROMINENT WOMEN WHO WERE CONSPICUOUS IN DEL MONTE FUNCTTONS.
settle down in Oakland.
■ • • •
Did you hear that Mrs. Thompson-
Sfcton is the mother of a wee baby
girl? What a literary babe that will
be, with both parents of literary bent!
Mrs. Seton as Miss Gallatin of Sacra
mento was a very popular girl, and it
is said that in a smart little literary set
in New York she is quite a favorite.
:.;••;"• i-^ • • ■
The Graham concert last night at
Steinway Hall was in the nature of a
testimonial of love and affection. Who
in the length and breadth of society
was not there last night to do honor to
the .beloved Englishman who' has so
liberally given of his voice and his pres
ence for the pleasure of others?
That was a -charming little affair of
Mrs. Arthur Moore or Tuesday after
noon, whon she entertained the card
club of which she is a member. The
members of this little coterie are Mrs.
Wakefield Baker, Mrs. James Potter
Langhorne, Mrs. Roe, -Mrs. George
Shreve, Mrs. Willis Davis;" Mrs. George
More, Mrs. Samuel Welsh, Mrs.. Robert
Davis, Mrs. T. W. Huntington and Mrs.
The Misses Duffy of Rochester, N. Y..
who are visiting Miss . Mabel Toy.
held a merry court at ,-',Coronado.
They are stunning girls, have traveled
extensively, and, with their hostess,
make a charming trio.
Mrs. L. C. Robinson was hostess -'at
an informal dinner and bowling party
on Saturday. Among her guests were:
Miss Julia Barclay, Miss Alice'Keller of
St. Louis, Mr. R. C. Robinson and John
Mrs. Edward Moore gave a jolly.lit
tle supper at her home last Monday
evening to a little party • of friends.
The young people bowled from 8:30 to
11 o'clock and then repaired to the home
of Mrs. Moore for further:entertain
ment. Among those present were:
Miss May, Sharon, the Misses Clark,
Miss Jessie ' Burns, Miss : Jean Pedlar,
Misses Clarke, Misses Lincoln, Dr. Niv
erson Force', Frank Southack, Dr. Ho
mer Craig. Marshall Dill, James Irvine,
Thomas Churchill, . Horace . Stoll, . Dr.
Robert Burns. Dr.'H. M. Simmons.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Williams Jr. en
tained a party of friends at dinner last
Saturday evening at the close of the
races. Covers were laid for twenty and
the dinner was served in the club at the
Ingleside track, where the guests were
charmingly entertained.
• • , • ■ •
The Walter Deans are expected home
from . New York very soon, having
abandoned their proposed European
trip temporarily. Jack Frost played
havoc with our Californians this win
ter—nearly all the Westerners yielding
to pneumonia or some of its progeny.
Each of the Dean family was ill at
some time, Mrs. Sam Buckbee came
dangerously near the river Styx, and
found It "expedient to return home. Cal
ifornia is a pretty good place— all things
considered.
Mrs. L. P. Sanger, aunt of Mrs.
George M. Pullman, left this week for
the City of Mexico. She will visit Mrs.
Pullman at Pasadena, en route.
i • ■ • . «
The Channing Auxiliary has ar
ranged a series of lectures by Mar
shall Darrach, the Shakespearean
reader, to take place as fol
lows: Thursday, March 3, 3:15 p. m.—
"Merchant ■ of Venice." .. • Wednesday,
March 9, 8:15 p. rn. — "Julius Caesar."
Saturday, March 12, 10:30 a. m.—"Com
edy of Errors" and selections from
Browning. The lectures are already at
tracting much attention from society
folk — that is, those of them who pos
. sesseth understanding, and most of
them do. -.-'•-.
. Chicago^must not — shall not — have a
menopoly of the intellectual lecture.
. . . •
Mrs. Clarence Mackay's "The Stone
of Destiny" is awaited with eagerness
by the Gotham smart set- It Is admit
ted to be a mirror of American life —
a man of intellectuality wedded to a
silly butterfly. The results are said
to be alarmingly, similar to known con
ditions in some of. our. "first families."
Therefore, the wonderment!
• ' • •
Among the philanthropies that
abound in San F.rancisco there are none
that appeals to the hearts of women so
tenderly as those whose cares are for
mothers and babes. There are at the
present "hour several maternity homes
In the city, but in the thickly populated
districts: of the poor on the south side
there were none available to the penni
. The physieiana whose labors lie main-
less. Sad it is that women in poverty
should bring little ones into the world.
but the fact must be met that they do
—therefore the necessity of a decent
place wherein they may have decent
care for a decent length of time.
ly on the south side have repeatedly ,
reported the wretchedness, misery and
want surrounding their maternity pa
tients, and the seed has not fallen upon
,barren soil. j
A number of philanthropic women,
amonc whom were Mrs. John F. Mer
rill, Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, Mrs. Josephine
de Greayer. Mrs. Frederick Hewlitt,
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, met and pro
ceeded to relieve the conditions by es
tablishing a maternity home. That wa»
but a few months ago.
On Monday a housewarming was
given in the new home — completely fit
ted up for its duties. Wasn't that rath
er rapid progress? Well, knowing: the
women, it was not so surprising. On
• Monday afternoon Mrs. Frederick Hew
litt, president, threw wide the doors
of 1215-121" Harrison street, and bade
the friends of the new home enter and
inspect it.
Mutual congratulations were ex :
changed 'over the splendid start the
home had made, and its success was
drunk in a steaming cup of tea.
The following were among those pres
ent—the rain notwithstanding:
Mrs. J. A. Cooper. Mrs. Pelham W.
Ames, Mrs. Charles Slack, Mrs. I. N.
Walter. Mrs. Alfred Baker Spaldlng.
Mrs. Conrad. Mrs. Matthews. Mrs. H.
H. Bancroft. Mrs. McCormick, Mrs.
Fennimore, Miss Bixby. Miss Gregory.
Miss Wallace, Dr. Spalding. Dr. Wil
liams.
The following aw the officers of the
guild, whose duties are to supply tiny
garments for* the tiny strangers on
their arrival at the home:
President, Mrs. Alfred Baker Spald
ing; vice president. Miss Charlotte El
linwood; secretary. Miss Susie Bixby:
treasurer. Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton;
finance director, Miss Marie Wilson.
Some of the members are Mrs. T. Dan
forth Boardman, Mrs. George Toland
Cameron. Mrs. Silas Palmer. MiS3
Katharine Dillon, Miss Ethel Cooper.
Miss Elise Gregory. Miss Lily Spreck
els and Miss Edith Simpson.
• * • \
What gorgeousness is characterizing
the functions at the White House of
latf-!- There ha3 never been a regime'
where the display of elegance has been
so marked.Forecast made at San Tran
clseo for thirty hours endlnff
midnight, February 28:
Sea Trawclaco and vicinity—
Cloudy, unsettled weather Sun
day, with showers; cooler; brisk
easterly winds. »
A. Q. KcAOXS,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCY— NO. 90.
SWARM OF RUSSIAN CAVALRY POURS INTO NORTHERN KOREA
TO MEET JAPANESE ADVANCE TOWARD MANCHURI AN BORDER
SEOUL, Feb. 27.— The vicinity of Pingyang or Ahju, in Nbrthern Kor^a, prpbably will bs the scene of the first engagement shortly. A large body of
Russians, with fifty-four guns and a swarm of cavalry, has reached Anju, sixty miles north of Pingyang,/ Other detachments of Russian soldiers are at
various places between Anju and fhe Yalu River. A force probably, totaling 50,000 men has now crossed into Northern Korea. The telegraph lines from
Pingyang to the north have been suddenly interrupted, indicating the presence of Russian scouts.
ESGINEERS
KILLED IN
COLLISION
Santa Fe Limited
No. 3 Strikes No.
r 8 on Sing.
L. L. Baker aod James Ben
nett, at Throttles,
Meet Deatii.
Open Switch at Luzon, Near Point Rich
mond, Causes Passenger Trains
to Come Together.
A head-on collision between two lim
ited trains on the Santa Fe road short
ly before midnight last night caused
the death of two engineers and* the se
rioue injury of a fireman. The trains
met at Luzon switch, a email siding
about six miles east of Pinole, between
the Pinole and Franklin tunnels. Chi
cago express No. 8, which left Point
Richmond at S:50 o'clock, had taken
the siding at Luzon to allow No. 3, the
California limited, which is due at
Point Richmond at 10 o'clock, to pass,
and the switch was left open through
the careiefsness of some one not known,
allowing No. 3. in charge of Engineer
L. L. Baker, to run in on the waiting
train. Engineer James Bennett, in
charge cf No. 8, knowing nothing of
his terrible danger, sat in his cab with
Fireman Edward Thomas, waiting for
the approaching California limited, to
paw.
As the headlight of the limited be
came visible around the curve En
gineer Bennett prepared to pull his
train out of the siding, when suddenly
the approaching locomotive swerved
onto the siding, and the next moment
the crash came.
BAKER'S BRAVE END.
Fireman Thomas saw the danger a
moment before the collision occurred,
for he tried to Jump from his engine
and almost succeeded in getting clear.
H© vu caught in the wreckage, how
ever, and was seriously injured. Both
the engineers were instantly killed, and
from the position In which Baker's
body vas found he must have met
death In an ineffectual attempt to re
verse his engine to avert the impend
ing crash and save the sleeping pas
sengers in his train.
The California Limited passes Luzon
at a high rate of speed and the Impact
cf the collision reduced the locomotives
to scrap iron. It is a miracle that many
cf the passengers were not killed or
injured.
At the point where the collision oc
curred the road runs through a deep
cut, which winds around the base of the
hills and the engineer of a train going
in either direction can only see the
track a short distance ahead. No. 3
was running fast, as It was a few min
utes behind and Enginee/ Baker prob
ably never knew that the switch was
open until he felt his engine take the
elding.
PORTER THROWS SWITCH.
As far as is now known none of the
passengers were injured and the only
fatalities were those of the ill-fated
engineers.
When No. "8 took the siding at Luzon
the 6witch was thrown by Carl Taylor,
a Pullman j>orter, and it is supposed
that he nerlected to close it after the
train had taken the siding to await
the arrival of the west-bound. As the
place where th- accident happened is
remote from telephone and telegraph
centers and the collision occurred after
most of the country offices were closed
it was difficult for even the officials of
the road to learn any details of the
smash-up, but it is now known that
none of the passengers on either train
were killed, and It is believed that none
were injured.
THE WEATHER.
America May Be Asked
to Mediate in the
Balkans.
ROME, -Feb. 27.— The situation in the
Balkans, with which Russia, Italy and
Austria are so closely connected, al
though it has apparently improved
somewhat during the last 5ew - days,
still . occasions much.'anxiety. ... It-.is*. no
longer a secret that Boris Sarafoff, the
Macedonian leader, came to Italy with
the principal object of deciding on a
course of action with Ricciotti Gari
baldi, who heretofore has not approved
of an isolated movement on the part of
the Macedonians.
In an interview the two leaders
agreed upon a plan which will result
in a general rising in the Balkans,
should necessity arise. With this ob
ject a meeting of all the Balkan lead
ers has been provisionally arranged to
take place in Venice about the end of
March. '"• v ■"•"■ ;';*'/•
The possibility. of arbitration also was
discussed by Sarafoff and Garibaldi.
The latter proposed to sound the United
States as to whether or/ not that coun^
try would be willing to' act in the ca
pacity of arbitrator.
Should arbitration or, the other sug
gested arrangements for peaceful set
tlement of the threatened trouble fail,
a general revolution seems inevitable
and Garibaldi is already secretly pre
paring a body of volunteers, each
member of which •will be equipped
with arms, 2000 rounds of cartridges
and food for a month. Garibaldi was
offered the general direction of the
Macedonian movement, but refused on
the ground that he thought' it better
to leave the leadership j to some men
directly interested in Macedonia, as
that would give him, Garibaldi,/ a
freer hand.
Confidential and official information
received her from Austria-^ points "to
the fact that that Government is mak
ing extensive preparations to- check
any movement on Its . southeast
ern frontiers, where reinforcements
amounting to 30,000 men have been
centered.
It is known that negotiations are
going on between Russia and Italy in
regard to the Balkans.
PARIS, Feb. 7.— An American j of
ficial who for two years past has been
studying the conditions in the Balkans
has Just arrived in Paris and to-day
made an interesting statement of the
situation. He said:
"I am satisfied Turkey will not de
clare war. She has been -informed by
the powers that even if she does en
gage in hostilities she will gain- abso
lutely no result therefrom and even
may suffer fr m a military occupation
by the powers, which probably would
result in the separation of Macedonia
from the Turkish Empire. It is true
that Turkey Is sending reinforcements
to Macedonia, but this is due to the
prospect of an outbreak of another in
surrection and possible interference on
the part of Bulgaria, now that Russia
Is occupied with Japan; but the Sultan
has everything to lose and little to
gain by a war, and if it comes you 1 may
depend upon it that" Bulgaria will be
the aggressor. .
"Should war come, I . am satisfied
that Bulgaria will be beaten. It -has
been said that Russia and Turkey" are
discussing the question of the passage
Continued on Page 22, Column 1.
The San Francisco Call
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY '28. 1904— PAGES 21 TO 34
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, -1904, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
SCENE SHOWING HOW THE RUSSIAN ENGINEERS HAVE FORTIFIED" THE ' N6RTH BANK : OF THE YALU
' RIVER. WHICH THE JAPANESE WILL HAVE TO CROSS "IN*. THEIR PROPOSED ."''ADVANCE INTO ' THE
TERRITORY OF MANCHURIA. . .,..-,. '■'•*., . • . ''//.;! ~ : '*:'."' ' * •' : :V " y. ''■' \
Russian Infantry Holds the Yalu and Cossacks Take Up Position
Far in the Interior of Korea
Special Cable to The Call and.Vew York Herald. Copyright,' 1904, by the Xcw York Herald Publishing Company.
MOSCOW, Feb. 27.— According to the
latest information in high military cir
cles Russian infantry has occupied the
road between Liauyang, on the road
from Mukden to Port Arthur, and the
Yalu River, its front and flanks being
strongly supported. The right flank is
at Takushan and the left near the town
of Wiju. The Russian cavalry. crossed
the Yalu between Antung and Yon
gampho and occupied the road toward
Sukohon, and Cossack scouts advanced
along the greater and lesser caravan
routes. Scouts are now ten miles east
of Pingyang. The cavalry is thirty-five
miles north and the infantry 125 miles
northwest of Pingyang.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 27.— General
Kuropatkin and Admiral Makaroff
probably will not reach the seat of war
until three weeks from now, nor are.
the war operations on land likely to
commence until General Kuropatkin
has had time to thoroughly take in and
sum up the situation. There is a very
great probability that the Japanese
may avail themselves of the state of
unpreparedness In which the Russians
find themselves to hurry on their mili
tary operations. This Is, much feared
here. Dread of what nr.Ight.occur.un
der such circumstances hangs as a
nightmare over Russia's peace . of
mind, while all are hoping fervently
that the Japanese will stay their hand.
Russia is pushing her military prep
arations, tardy though they be, with
the utmost haste, but her single rail
way line (and not a very strongly laid
one) forbids an. enormous amount of
traffic being sent along. ' The line will
neither stand . great weights nor high
speed! Even with the greatest care it
Is recognized that .break's on {he ,road
are sure to be numerous.
Lake Baikal so far has proved a
weak spot on ihe line. - There has been
great .delay in getting^ the most desired,
rails'laid'bver the' ice* Prince Khilkoff
has : been on, the. spot, with ftijl power
to offer inducements 'of '.all kinds to
have the work»rush«d, but up to now,
In spite of- aH efforts, the work has
dragged. The troops have been taken
across sixty kilometers or « so of Ice on
troikas, sleighs and kibitkas— in fact,
every and any kind v of vehicle. • But
then* the .supply, .of ..horses | has fallen
short,<thua i adding. yet another difficul
ty to v the many already, existing.
There are large accumulations of
troops on either side of. the lake Wait-
Ing • to proceed ] on « their Journey and
the cold is intense. The railroad timed
to be completed on Sunday will run
from Baikal station to Tanchoi, and is
laid bo that when the time comes that
the Ice breaker: can force "its way it
will not be interfered with by:the' line.
The progress of the line has not been
rapid, it having failed .to make, more
advance than a couple of versts a day,
and oftener not more 'than' one verst.
Two thousand horses are in use. .- r
'*NAGASaXI, Feb. 2S.— The British
steamship Kwang' Ping ~ has arrived
here^from Chinwangtao, on the Gulf of
Liaotuiig, with 630 Japanese refugees,
mostly women, from Manchuria.- Many
of the women claim that they were rob
bed and maltreated by Russian soldiers
at Harbin. ■ ■• • .
RUSSIANS CLADI .
THEY SANK: TttEEE
. 'JAPANESE VESSELS
PARIS, Feb. 28. — The St. Peters
burg •correspondent, of the Figaro tel
egraphs that the,' Russian cruiser Dmi
tri Doriskoi his captured three steam
ers -flj'lnsr; the British flag," which .were
conveying 15, ©00 : tons of coal : to Nag
asaki.- , ■ ij»*i.v*.3f,v ,'<
• The .correspondent further^ asserts
that Russia's; plan ' of -campaign?
templates : the retirement > qt
troops without opposing ,the» Japanese
landing and .when sufficient reinforce-
ments.arrive the offensive will be tak
en ■ and Port Arthur relieved.
. .The-, cruiser Dmitri . Donskoi ;and
other . RuFslan • warships under the
cojnmand '.of Admiral Wirlnius have
been in the Red Sea since, the war be
gan., ;';:-•.<■■:.-,■■: r : j'->:~.7-i <-\ '\ '■;
•In a dispatch" from St.. Petersburg
the correspondent •' of > the (Echo""de
Paris;quotes_ a high official of the Rus
sian" general .staff as": saying that .com
plete reports of the latest Port Arthur
attacks' have not yet been* received,
but that a consideration of the infor
mation already in possession" of the
Government shows that In the bom
bardment on the night of February
23-24: three Japanese vessels were
sunk,,: in addition to the transports.
An official dispatch shows that one
Japanese torpedo-boat destroyer was
sunk' and <the best information' at
Chefu. Indicates that three such ves
sels were lost.
.."I conflrm i -the previous reports,"
the correspondent quotes this oflfcer as.
saying; "that : upon the transports
whidh.' menaced the battleship^., Retvi
san .'our electrician discovered 1 - wires
leading to inf/rnal machine, fWe esti
mate that 'anese/ checks' w|ll' have a
considerable effect upon* the Japanese
spirit, but w|e must continue to watch
in .'order. '.to. baffle the enemy.",-
EOKMER B;USSIA?s . v
CiraSfiR3UY^LY
/ : T ; JAPA^ESE/FLAG
PARIS. Feb. 28." — The Tokio corre
spondent .of. the* "Petit -Parislen. cables
that Japanese engineers, have left for
Chemulpo, -Korea,-. to endeavor to raise
the Russian cruiser Variag. " • i:
.: The Minister of War ,\ General Andre,
hasj issued' a circular authorizing the
army ; to Anake: contributions for thie
benefit "of trie wounded )Jn the Russo-
Japan'ps'e-vwar.'.y; ■_ '„ ■-- • . • , .*> /^
'• TOULON.-VFeb. i27. — The reinforeje-"
ments" thus far under- orders to "go t*
Indp-Chlna" number' 3000 men.
Alcasar — "Th« Wronjr Kr.
VTTignx;' Hatlnee To-Day.
Alfcaaxtra — "The Kiltie*" Band.
Matlate To-Bay.
Calif ornla— "Sac Karbor,"
Central — "SCuxsr of the Opium
.'Bin*." M-.ttae» To-Bay.
Chutes— -Vauderllle.
Ti«ch«f»— "TtoXy-Talj." SCatlnce
Grand — "Bills of. California."
. Uatlnee To-Bay.
Orpheum" — Yauderllle.
TiToll— "When Johnny Comes
. Karchlnr Home."
Britain Will Fight to
Obtain Predomi
nance in Tibet.
-if* ,r >.:iS^riil>X>fipatchMt> -7We 'dll.
•Vj.OXi'oX^Fe^/^^areatjBritain's
[delerminatkin 'to nre vent--the«Russifi
j cation "of ttbet "came out officially in
i last^nigh^'s .session; of the House of
Commons. % • j <&\'-~i • . • ■'.
, Lord Lansdowne's declaration that
if. any power was Ao obtain predomi
nance in Tibet ahnt power must be
Great Britain caused a stir in the dip
iQmatie world second only to the im
pression resulting from the same Min
ister's pronouncement some months
ago -that Britain would oppose by
-force of arms any power that might
"Seek to gain a naval or military foot
hold on tho Persian Gulf. It is felt
that the Anglo-Russian issue in Cen
tra) Asia has been clearly joined and
that any attempt .on Russians part to
ignore, the principles enunciated by
Lord Lansdowne will lead- to a danger
ous crisis. Colonel Younghusband's
expedition to Tibet began' the'moment
the. British Government thdughf it
would be serviceable in relieving the
Russian diplomatic pressure upon To
klo. i^::)-' ' ' ' * '-{ l '* :
This policy, failed appreciably to
affect the Russo-Japanese'' situation
and it will be prosecuted all the more
vigorously on that account,- since- the
British Government desires to "extend
its influence as far into Chi- " from the
south as possible in viev.- ,' . . the possi
bility of Russian victories and conse
quent-encroachments from: the north.
f> In- other' words L<Jrd: Lansdowne Is
determined. to meetUhe oncoming Cos
sack, long "before he can reach the
Himalayas.
PARIS, Feb. 27.— Reports of interna
tional entanglements growing out of
the war* continue to occupy a promi
nent, place in the rsnsationai branch of
the press. But within 'a week the offi
cials of the governments who are In
close and constant touch with the Cab
inets of other capitals have satisfied
themselves— first, that no International
complications are imminent, or likely
nt least for the present: second," that'
France is in'no present or prospective
danger of being imbrolled In an* inter
national conflict. ~
The recent Bourse panic brought
about a -rather thorough- survey of the
situation ithroughout ; Europe, as *"the
heavy decline In securities resulted
"mainly .from fears that the European,
powers might be drawn into the con
flict. The., inquiries disclosed that,
while, the., possibilities, of ,. unexpected
complications are always present, theje
Is. no. immediate reason to 'expect Euro
pean complications, the military activ
ities^at various points being the .nat
ural of an outbreak of war be
tween two great po/ers.
Concerning the of France to
hold i-aloof from the war", the officials
base" their belief on the experiences of
the first, few weeks of hostilities. At
first the determination to observe neu
trality brought; out ja^sentimentdl re
action favorable' ; to Russia, with pop
ular demonstrations and' subscriptions
in berialf of that country. The authori
ties have now been' able to take. Into
account all the various ■ currents, the
result being a firm conviction that
France will not have her hand forced
Continued on Page 23, Column 4.'
THE TEXATXSS,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SACRAMENTO
RIVER RUNS
WILD RACE
Cuts Through Levees
and Floods the
Lowlands.
Thousands of Cultiyated
• Acres Are Swept by
Angry Stream.
Farmhouses Are Washed Away, Large
■ Trees Are Uprooted and General
Destruction Is Wrought.
Special Clir«tch to The Ckll
"SACRAMENTO." Feb. 27.— From the
dome of the State capltol Sacramento
would appear to be located on the
edge of a peninsula with dry land only
•t Its back and .with a sea widening
to the very horizon to ttfe north, south
end west. Water in tremendous vol
ume Is coming*, down the Sacramento
arid -American rivers, which converge
at a point about' a mite north of the
city's \vharve9. The Sacramento is
fed farther up by the Yuba and
Feather rivers, while all the surging
mountain streams pour into the Ameri
can and contribute to make the Sac
ramento at this point a magnincenc
body of water, rushing on with a cur
rent as fast as a mill race. Some dis
tance above Sacramento the river finds
a measure of relief in the Yolo tult*
basin into which it has spread, inun
dating a considerable portion of Y/olo
County and beating like the waves of
the sea against the railroad embank
ment. So fierce is the flow in the basin
that one time to-day a portion of th»
main track, near "Webster, was under
mined, and trains were stopped until
the road could be reballasted. The
water Is everywhere level with the
tracks, although. in. the. dry season they
rise far above the surface of the
ground. > -U V:
CREVASSE IS WIDENING.
The crevasse about two miles south
of Sacramento, the first in that local
ity since 1SS1. Is widening every hour
and now reaches 300 feet. The water
is coming through it with terrific force.
but while it might be thought that it
would relieve the , swollen river, the
fact is that the river -has risen since
< the break occurred, thus indicating the
immensity of the freshet that is driv
ing do\sn the great river from all the
valley and mountain sources. Fifteen
thousand acres of land worth as high
as $300 per acre Is under water below
the city and valuable crops are threat
ened with u:ter destruction. •
The Trustees of Reclamation District
535, on the .river border of which the
Edwards break ' occurred, to-day ap
plied to the Board. of. Supervisors for
assistance In closing the break, but Dis
trict Attorney Seymour advised that
as only private Interests were thus far
1 Involved public money could not be
appropriated for the purpose! The wa
ter is tearing through. the break with
a. roar which can be heard, miles dis
tant and is washing away houses and
trees in its path. It is slowly spread
lr~ over miles of country and has
reached tc the southern borders ,of the
city, which are protected, as is all the
city, in fact; by an invulnerable levee.
If is expected that the break will re
main* open at least'ten days and that
no work can be done until the river
recedes. On the Yolo.side of the river
are even worse. The dairy
Varm. of Bryte A. Rltter. about four
miles up the river, is almost entirely
under water. --*:'• •■ • *'
MAXV. FARMS UNDER WATER.
■> The water Is also several feet deep on
the Merkley and - Lovdal hop ranches.
The levee on the Todhunter and Bell
ranches Is being closely guarded night
snd day. The levees of the valuable
Lisbon "'district are still ' Intact, but
ftiere," as elsewhere on the river where
extensive .property '.interests are . ln
'yojved. the, strictest vigilance' 13 bein?
ohserved, -the'smallest: gopher hole be
ing. regarded as the gravest menace.
Snow was falling to-day throughout
the 'mountains and v/lth the intervening
warm rains {here is every prospect for
a continuance "of the high water condi
tions:for several days, with consequent
Continued on Page 26, Column I.22
DB- XILMEB/S SWAKP-ROOT.
TliTisliEliEy
TROUBLE IB DON'T . M IT
iflffijijHl ilflliiiifiiilf
I ; ; -[ii^^Jiu^;. !:,::[ |;"-:|Lgjj;:li£l[jsr • ja
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease— therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow. '..-
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are 6lck or "feel badly,'* begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney* liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the ' urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
b'.adder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
S a amp-Root will set your whole sys- gia. rheumatism, diabetes, bloatine. ir-
tein ripht, and the best proof of this ritability, worn-out feeling:, lack of am-
is a trial. I bition. loss of flesh, sallow conSplcxion,
a cottage ST.. melrope. mass. or Bright's disease.
1 w m , te I » *£ "gg when allowed to re-
or w- ktdaer trouble, ani within the past main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
vrar it bo.-ame s-o s-v^r«» and complicated that twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
LrS^S^S^^^iXu^KS seltiin* or has a cloudy appearance, it
1 saw an advrtiH-nifnt of swamp-Root an.i ■ is eviden:e that your kidneys and
vTote asking for advice. I began the use of 1 KUf^er need immediate attention.
th- medicine nn.l noted a decided improvement oiacaer neea immeaiaic attention.
aftrr takinp Swamp-Boot only a ehort time. "Swamp-Root IS the great discovery of
1 oo'itmuM its us" anil am thankful to say. r\- I£;im#»r trie >min««nr kiHn«»v and
;hat I am ealirely cured and *:ron K . In order , L J r -, , Kllmer «. t /? e C minent Money ana
\o be v.T>- sure about thin, I had a doctor ex- DladclCr Specialist. Hospitals Use it
0^ fi f J"L wat X r . t0 ' d , ay -,, a , nd h^^""°' with wonderful success in both slieht
nouno^d it all right and in sijlenjlj condition. , t> .
1 know that your Swamp-i<n<,t in purei>- vep- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
«tab!e «nd doe* not • contain any harmful it to their patients and use it in their
rtrur5. Tiienkinp you for my complete recov- _,,.„ f,rnili#.e h»>raiis#* ihrv rprncrnir*
ery and rei-om.nendine Swan-D-Uoot to all nuf- ov>n laniliies, Decause iney recognize
reren. i am." Very truly your*. in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
1. c. niCHARDSo.v. successful remedy.
Vou may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
?ent free 'oy mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
yo:i may test its virtues for such dis- prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently nizht and dress Binghamtori, N. Y., on every
day. smarting or irritation in oassine. bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
ble*, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely* free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that o^r readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binerham-
tnn, X. Y.. be *ure to sav vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Sunday Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this offer.
MACEDONIANS MAY APPEAL TO AMERICA
Contfnupd from Paje 21, Column 2
of the Dardanelles by the Russian
Black Sea fleet. Turkey would not give
her consent, if asked, unless she gained
some concessions in the Balkans, such
as dealing with Bulgaria as she saw fit.
GREEXnERG &GREEXBERG.
GREENBERG&GREEKBERG
IT IS A PECUXIAJtlTT OP OTTK
STOKE TO CONSTANTLY GIVE
SPLENDID VALUES.
HOSIEHY.
Lisle Lace Hose, *l*lf»
value 50c, special OoU
Fine Lace Hose, CZf\fi
value 75c special oUC
Peerless Lace Hose, m 7tZt%
value $1.00, special /DC
French Lisle Lace Hose, <>| f\f\
value $1.50, special v'*""
HAZTO BAGS.
Grain Leather Bags,
value 75c, special OvfU
Tine Quality iiags, q « |%*v
value $1.50, special xpl.UU
Seal Bags, q« -f*
value $2.00, special $I.DU
Walrus Bags. <**■>
value $3.00, special
COSSETS.
Black Corsets, all sizes, »a
values 75c, special DUC
Black Corsets, all sizes,
value $1.00, special J DC
Black Figured Corsets, qi c\r\
value $1.50, special *{>'•""
Colored Tape Girdles, ffft/»
value 75c, special DUC
>Jo. 40 Fancy Ribbon, |OI/*»
value 25c, special tfc/2u
No. 60 Fancy Ribbons, Off/*
value 50c, special
4-inch Liberty Satin Ribbon, Off «
value 35c, special
A l /?' in - Double-£aced Liberty Off A
value 50c, special *>DC
UAIJT OTHER SPECIALS IMPOS-
SIBLE TO MENTION HEKE.
GREENBER6 &GREEKBERG
31. 33, 35 and 37 Grant Ave., .
Cor. Geary St.
But Russia could not make such a con
cession, because she would thereby
forfeit the preferential position which
she and Austria hold In consequence
of having been designated by the
powers to act as their representatives
in dealing with the Balkan question.
Moreover, Russia understands that, if
ehe ceased to be a representative of the
powers, other powers would Intervene.
"But, granting that Russia may take
this risk and induce Turkey to permit
the passage of her fleet, this would be
a violation of the Berlin treaty, of
which Great Britain is a signatory
power. It would mean, furthermore,
that Turkey and Russia had entered
into an understanding which might be
interpreted as bringing into play the
Anglo-Japanese alliance. Aside from
this latter point, there hardly Is any
question that Russia -would find Brit
ish ships blocking the Suez Canal a'nd
the Straits of Gibraltar.
"Finally, the Black Sea fleet has been
greatly overrated. It was examined a
short time ago by an American naval
officer, who reported it not in very good
condition and that it was of no use for
over-sea operations, in consequence of
the small coal capacity of the vessels
composing It. These vessels had been
constructed simply for operations in
the Black Sea and not for service in
the Far East."
Reformer Will Return to China.
HONOLULU. Feb. 27.— Dr. Sun Yat
Sen/ the. Chinese reformer, will re
turn to China on the next steamer.
He believes that the time is oppor
tune for renewing reform agitation in
the empire.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Makes its presence known
by many signs,— glandular
tumors, bunches in the neck,
cutaneous eruptions," in-
3amed eyelids, sore ears,
catarrh and wasting diseases.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Effects permanent cures.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,,. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 2S, 1904.
FANATICAL PATRIOTISM OF JAPANESE STIRS WONDER
Call's Special Correspondent Graphi
cally Describes Opening Scenes
f , f 1 \ T
of the War.
BY OSCAR KING DAVIS.
TOKIO, Feb. 9. — The war is on.
After more than twenty-one years of
negotiation with Russia about Korea
Japan has, in her own phrase, '.'taken
independent action" to safeguard what
she conceives to be her essential in
terests. Her navy has gone to sea
equipped and really' to meet the Rus
sian ships, and, if the best informa
tion obtainable can be relied upon,
with orfters to strike when they are
met. Her army is in motion. The
men who constitute the regular peace
force have either been- moved to the
points of concentration already in or
der to take transport for the scene Qf
land operations as soon as the navy
has cleared the way, or are now in
barracks at their various division
headquarters awaiting the order to
move out. Since Friday night, the 5th,
the men- of the first reserve* have been
swarming to the colors. Even now
more men are ready for active service
than Japan has use for immediately.
All this is what I wrote you ten
days ago would occur before that let
ter could cross the Pacific. That
prophecy has been fulfilled. But there
was another about which I cared
more. Throughout the strenuous dash
across the American continent to catch
the steamer which brought me to
Japan there lurked In the back of my
head the haunting fear that to miss
the connection at San Francisco was
not merely to have to, wait for the
next steamer, but something far more
— to miss one of the greatest stories of
the war, the answer of the Japanese
nation to the call of arms. I knew
something of Japanese emotionalism
and patriotism and I believed that
when the long period of uncertainty
was ended, when the severe nervous
strain of expectant waiting reached its
climax in the decision to fight, there
would be such a response from the
people as those who saw should never
forget. It was a natural but errone
ous attribution to the Japanese quali
ties dominant among ourselves.
Fancy what would occur in New York
the*day we began war with Russia!
Would the Stars and ' Stripes flaunt
from windows and roofs and flag poles?
Would crowds gather In the streets and
men cheer and bands play martial and
inspiriting music? Would signs of en
thusiasm and excitement be manifest
and many? And would the newspapers
be filled with details of the prepara
tions, the call for troops, their mob
ilization and movement, all the grand
rush and uprising of the people in an
swer to' the call?
NO SIGN' OF EXCITEMENT.
Well, I thought something of that
sort would happen here. There would
bo an extraordinary exhibition of the
public feeling, cheers, flags, martial
music and the display of popular ex
citement. But I was altogether wrong.
Spectacle it has been and most extraor
dinary, but quite the opposite of all
that I had fancied. Without noise or
clamor, without haste or show of ex*
citeraent. j calmly, quietly, with the
leisure of a picnic preparation, the re-'
sponse has been made to the summons
so* long awaited and so dearly desired-
More, it has been., attended . with a
secrecy that is astounding. The. nation
is at grips with the huge power which
fronts it on the west and north. The
people are proud and determined, glad
that it Is so and sure of themselves
and their cause, yet with their ships
at sea and their troops on the move
it was not until last evening that .they
received from their Government tha
first explanation of why they are going
to war or what they mean to win by
force that they could not get by peace
ful means. I doubt If the Government
of any other civilized people -on earth
could do what the Japanese Govern
ment has done and still retain a frag
ment of popular support. Yet almost
the only complaint heard against this
Government is that It has not acted be
fore. There is criticism from many
quarters that it is not a strong Gov
ernment, the Cabinet is not composed
of popular men and there is protest
that it has been weak and shilly-shally-
Ing in the face of the gravest crisis the
nation has known for many years, but
back of the Cabinet sit the five "Elder
Statesmen." and now that the decision
is to act there is .hardly a dissenting
voice.
To an American one of the most ex
traordinary phases of this extraordin
ary situation is the attitude of the'
newspapers. It is safe to say that there
is not one of them which has not in
formation which would make pages of
interesting reading. But they obey
the letter and the spirit of the law.
They not only do not print any news
about the movements of troops or ships,
or report any of the warlike prepara
tions that are seen now on every hand,
but they do not make even veiled ref
erences to. them; they do not hint or
suggest. They solemnly record the fact
that the five Genro statesmen and the
Cabinet have had a conference lasting
a certain time; that a Prime Minister
has had an audience with the Emperor;
that the Minister of War lunched with
the Minister of Marine, and that Is
all. Not a word or a hint as to what
occurred j at any of these interesting
sessions, although it must be said that,
in'most cases, they are as ignorant as
their readers as to what was discussed.
CALL TO THE COLORS.
It was on Friday evening, about 9
o'clock, that the order of mobilization
reached the men of the reserves. They
had until Sunday morning at 8 o'clock
to prepare, but by that time they must
be under way to join the colors. The
order for mobilization was ac
companied by an extraordinary tight
ening of the conditions of the censorate,
and an order was issued forbidding
the transmission of code telegrams ab
solutely in certain places and permit
ting them from the great seaport towns
only where the code books. were sub
mitted. 1 to the office for inspection and
the translation of the messages offered.
At the same time the Englishmen and
Americans who are officers in the
transport service received their march
ing orders, and the night train to
Kobe was filled with» them, going
toward one or other of the military
bases. Before morning the word was
in every one's mouth that the reserves
had been called out, but the newspa
pers printed as calmly as ever the
oft-repeated guesses- about the Rus
sian reply, the time of Its delivery and
its probable character.
Saturday morning showed vacancies
among the employes of the business
houses, in the hotels, in the banks,
everywhere where young men had been
at work. The afternoon newspapers
printed a brief paragraph saying that
Baron Komura, the Minister of For
eign Affairs, had had a short confer
ence with Baron de Rosen, the Russian
Minister, and subsequently had been
received for a few minutes by. the Em
peror. Late in the afternoon a. man
came to me in the hotel and took me
aside to a dark corner, where one could
not see or be seen. In a mysterious
whisper, and with his ficger on his lips,
he said: / .
"Sh-h-h! The war is on."
But before that the reservists had
beeun to report at their gathering
points. At various places throughout
Tokio small signs had been hung out
setting forth the fact that they were
meeting points for soldiers. Men in
uniform began to collect about them
in little groups of six or a dozen. Here
and there their friends gathered also,
often many more in number than the
soldiers. They stood around and
laughed and Joked as if It were all
great fun, with no possibility of a more
serious side. .
Some of the newspapers began to
show embryotic symptoms of excite
ment and issued extras about the siza
of auction dodgers. These were hawked
through the streets by men who ran
about ringing little 'bells and going as
if their mission was to see ,who could
cover the greatest distance before night
without regard to the number of dodg
ers he disposed of. Some of them va
ried the performance by having two or
three bells in a bunch, and one fellow
had a string of them— hand bells fas
tened together by a "-cord. He had
chosen them regardless of size and
their discordant clangor carried farther
than his cries.
DEPARTURE OF TROOPS.
All day on Sunday unusual activity
was evident in Tokio. There were
many persons in the streets, but all
were coming: or going and • no crowd3
collected anywhere except about the
pates of the barracks, where the sol
diers were gathering. It was common
talk that during the night several troop
trains had moved out from the military
station, which is not the one regularly
used for passenger traffic. The men
coming in were to take the places in
the barracks vacated by those who
had gone and to wait there until their
turn came to go forward. It is the
general supposition that the main base
of the army will be at Hiroshima, down
on the Inland Sea, as it was during the
war with China. There the Emperor
is likely to establish his headquarters,
with the general staff, and about there
most of the troops will be concentrated.
From UJIna, a port near Hiroshima,
and from Moji and Shimonoseki, on the
famous straits of Shimonoseki, the main
embarkations of troops will probably
take place. The troops now moving
out are going to Hiroshima or into
camp near there, to await their time
to go aboard the transports.
During Sunday and yesterday the re
servists came In steadily. Now and
then there was a group of two or three,
but for the most part they came singly.
Each was in his uniform, and almost
every one. of them had a little bundle
containing his civilian clothing or
whatever it was that he wanted to take
along. But only on very rare occasions
did one of them carry his own bundle.
That was an office reserved for the.
friends who flocked with him. There is
no parading of the troops through the
streets here when they go to war, no
final march past their friends and
relatives who throng the streets and
cheer them on. no grand public leave
taking en masse. A different custom
prevails; The friends of the reservists
go with them to the barracks and at
the t big gate where all civilians are
shut out they: say good-by. If the sol
diec s has anything to carry they lug it
for" him. . Most of the men on Sunday
and -yesterday marched along stoically
at the head of their little processions,
now and then exchanging a Joking
•vvord with those who tagged after them.
Occasionally- one walked with two or
three friends and more formed a little
column behind him. Occasionally one
of the group carried a bamboo pole
from which flaunted a long streamer
• * DB. SHOOP'S BEMEDIES. /
Simply Sign This and ft^X^'^^^S
That is all. Send no money. Simply sign above. -r^fm — -^HS^^^»' :^1^Kv Ills
Tell me the book you need. 1 will arrange f^Mk^^^m^^^^Bti flf
with a druggist near you for six bottles of ♦ I — :^^Hfe|^fl^^^^^g^^yM. Jgk
\ Send me the book <*h»<*t-f<J above pPa***^
Take it a month at my risk. If it succeeds the * ] ; "/
cost to you is $5.50. If it fails the druggist will .. Address /
bill the cost to me. And I leave the decision to you/ v k I
6 Don't Wait Until You Are Worse | Why the Restorative Succeeds All You Need to Do
Taken in time, the suffering of this little one would You may oil and rub, adjust and repair a weak Simply sign the above — that Is alL Aak for th«
have been prevented. Her mother writes me: engine; it will never be stronger, nor do Its work book you need. The offer I make is "broad is lib-
"Two years ago my little B lrl was sick continuously j^ tte /' c Yi^° Ut steam ' More P«wer— more steam eral. The way is easy— is simple. The Restorative
for six months. We tried many doctors, and they failed. is necessary. is certain.
yet it took only two bottles of your remedy to cur* her. Vlil'ii' : u .
and she has remained cured. You can tell others of this And so with the vital organs. .Doctor them as But do _ t m i SU nn> r <,tan* "•
cure « you so desire." you will. That's mere repairlnff. Permanent cures u y 11 me.
MRS. C. H. AVERT. Rockdale. N. T. never come save through treating the nerves that •
'Tis a nity she did not first write me before the operate those organs. This is not free treatment, with nothing «ver to
case was dangerous. :'*/. , u „ V/-^" ' K*m*i ♦! 1° ff i e^ wou J d b « misleading— would
The wife of Omer Andrus of Bayou Chlcot. La., And that my Restorative does. belittle the physician who made it. But I believ*
had been sick for 20 vears. - For 8 years could do in a sick one s honesty — his gratitude. That
rjracticallv no work He writes: After almost a lifetime of labor — of study at when he is cured he will pay the cost of th«
Twenty "dark" years might have been bright an d strength and health. That discovery has may learn at my risk.
On j S 'G. Billingsley of Thomasville. Ga.. for three me the way to cure. '
w?l[ S h H a e 8 wrft n e S CriPPled "^ j" *' * » makeS my - ° ffCr P °" lble - -end^lne his $£?' S^^l
-I spent $250.00 for other medicines, undthe $3.00 I I know the remedy. I never forget the study. ranh'elS him*™?!? 0 ™ nS h/hi^ inl? w» ?°£
have Ipent with you have done me more eood than all a n the research, the trials and tests that perfect- eet well y 7 *°
the rest." £g$B! cd it. I have watched its action year after year
Both money and suffering might have been saved. in cases difficult, discouraging. Time after time .
And these are only three from over 65,000 similar I have seen It brine back health to those poor ones '• a stranger, offer to do all this. Won't too.
cases. These letters — dozens of ,them— come every whom hope had almost deserted. I know what It k* s friend, his neighbor, simply write? j .
day to me. will do.
How much serious illness the Restorative has pre- r ■'■• > „
vented I have no means of knowing, for the slightly My only problem Is to convince you. „ w learn from my book a way to get w#ll.
ill and the indisposed simply get a bottle or two - • Perhaps, as I say. the only way for him. His -.
of their druggist, are cured, and I never hear from And so I make my offer. And the' bare fact case may be serious — hopeless almost. Other ':}
them. that I make such an offer ought of itself to con- Physicians — other specialists — may have failed.
But of 600.000 sick ones — seriously sick, mind you vince you that, I know how to cure. Please read matter is urgent, then.
— who asked for my guarantee, 39 out of each 40 it again. It means exactly what- 1 say. No catch
have puid. Paid because they sot well. pmH*-no misleading phrases In it Simply this— you Write me a Dostal or «dtn ahnvo tn rf 17
If I can succeed in cases like these— fall but one take the medicine and I will take the risk. Postal or sign above to-day,
time in 40. in diseases deep-seated and chronic — Isn't
it certain I can always cure the slightly 111? And you — not I — decide if you are to pay. ; Address Dr .Snoop, Box 1630. Racine. WU. J
SPECIAL. CORRESPONDENT
OF THE CALL AT THE
SCENE OF WAR.
bearing the name and address of the
soldier, with any particulars there
might be of previous valorous service.
There was never a sign of weeping or
of grief in it all. On the" contrary it
was a laughing. Joyous ceremony. Yet
there was a tremendous significance
about it. For neither the men nor
their friends believe that any of them
will come back. They count their lives
as forfeit to the empire, and they are
proud and glad of it. There is no need
of public display to 'stir up the en
thusiasm of these people. It Is already
stirred to a wonderful depth. My room
boy at the hotel disappeared on Satur
day afternoon. Yesterday I asked the
boy who took his place what had be
come of my boy.
"He gone see friend," was the reply.
"Is he a soldier?" I'asked.
"No," said the boy; "too old. His
friend soldier, he go say good-by. He
go Hokkaido. He come back two days."
LIKE THE FIXAL PARTING.
Hokkaido is a three days' Journey,
there and back, but my boy must say
good-by to his friend. Because the
friend Is not coming back from the war.
It is a last good-by, the end of the
friendship, and there is the same sanc
tity about this journey that there would
be about going to the actual funeral
of the friend.
So. they came in the little groups, and
the liveliest scene in all Tokio was at
the barracks gates, wnere now and
then the crowd neared 200 In number.
Surely, though these people . make no
outward show of their feeling and their
enthusiasm. It is none the less there,
deep and effective. Perhaps if it were
the policy, of the Government to pa
rade the troops through the streets and
to send them;away from the main rail
road stations in- the daytime there
would be large crowds to cheer them
on and to make public ado about their
going; but since the Government
Mikado's Subjects Go to the Front hx
pecting Never to Return to
Their Native Land.
chooses to send them away secretly,
to conceal its preparations with a care
that makes them almost furtive^ tne
people acquiesce without cc-mplain...
They make no public demonstration,
but they have thought long and deep
ly on what it all means. Their news
papers print scant information about
what is going on, but the people know
what the main question is and nave
made the quarrel theirs. There is no
question of hanging back amtmg them.
Wherever they meet they talk it over,
and the ricksha coolie will discuss the
situation quite as energetically as the
educated professional man, if not as
intelligently. And he has made up his
mind to the sacrifice that may be nec
essary just as much as his more for
tunate fellow citizen. Only the other
day in one of the little shops of Yoko
hama an American who speaks Japan
ese fluently overheard a group of, them
talking.
"It will cost a great lot of money,"
said one. tt
"Yes, and where is it coming from?
said another.
"The Government will look out for
that." was the comment of a third.
"We must all do what we can, I
suppose," said the first, "but If the
worst comes to worst we have many
things in the country that we can
sell. There is the great Daibutsi at
Kamakura and all the national art
treasures. We can always find a good
sale for them, and then after we have
whipped the Russians and have got
some of the cost of war back we can
buy them back again." ,
That they were all in sober earnest
showed only the more how determined
the Japanese are for this war. and
something of the sacrifice they will
make to carry it on. Collectively they
are a poor people, but they are as well
extraordinarily frugal. They are rich
in their capacity for saving, and this
war seems likely to prove It.
"THEY WILL NOT CO3IE BACK."
Down on* the road to Kamakura an
old woman, known to the foreigners
as "Oyster Mary," keeps the road
house that was kept there by her
father in the days when Perry came
to Tokio Bay. On Saturday afternoon
an American whom she has known for
years dropped in for a cup of tea.
"Yes," she said, as she brought the
tea to him. "the soldiers are getting
out at last. We are going to fight.
Just in this little road as far as the
next corner there are twelve. I know
them all. The order came last night
and they have until to-morrow morn
ing to say good-by to their friends.
I could not sleep last night for think
ing about them. It is very sad for
them and their friends, for they will
not come back. They have their
wives and their mothers, and I
thought about • them all. and I am
very sorry for them. But after all they
are only one here and another there.
It Is not so much. But I was thinking
of the Emperor and what sorrow it
must be to him. for they are all his,
and I could not sleep all night for
thinking of how he must worry."
In the train coming up from Yoko
hama on Sunday afternoon the crowd
in one of the third-class carriages be
gan to talk about the war and of. the
calling out of the. reserves.
"Well," said one old woman, "I have
Just said good-by to my grandson. I
shall never see him again."
Two or three undertook to commiser
ate with her, and one said it was a
pity.
"Pity!" cried the old woman, "no
such thing! .Do not waste pity on mo.
I am only proud to have a grandson
to give to the Emperor. I know he
will not come back, but I warned him
rot to dare to die until he had killed
ten 'Russians or his soul would b
whipped back by the god of hall."
There is a firm 'in Yokohama wnicll
employs a great many Japanese, hav
ing agencies in various parts of tha
country. One of its men returned or.iy
a short time ago from hi3 year of s-r
vice with the colors, and is therefore
in the first reserve: The company
f LU nd him a place as soon as his time
was u2 as it had done for several
others who had been called out before.
Just the other day the Yokohama of
fice got a letter from him. It said that
he wrote on behalf, of himself and thres
of his mates who could not write Eng
lish. They desired to thank ths com
pany for its considerate treatment of
them and to express their regret at any
inconvenience which their going away
again might cause, but they expected
to be summoned to the colors again
very soon, and as this time it would
b* for war service they did not ex
pect to come back.
"But we are delighted." the letter
went on. "to have the opportunity ti
rtpresent the Emperor in his fight witn
his enemy."
FANATICAL ESPRIT DE CORPS.
There in a nutshell is the key to tha
extraordinary patriotism of the Japan
ese. It is the teaching of the Shintoism
that was their religion for hundreds ot
years. It is the tradition of the feud
alism that gave them the Samurai and
the Daimlos, who of their own will and
voluntarily gave up their great estates
to restore Isolated and retrograding
Japan to a place among the nations of
the world. If one wonders at the al
most fanatical esprit de corps of the
Japanese army he must remember that
it is still officered by the men who
made that memorable personal sacri
fice, and the men of the line have ever
before them the tradition of the sol
dier of the day when the flshtinff man
was In a class by himself, far ahead
of .his fellow who bargained or toiled
for a living, and it is their conceit now
to live up to the glory of that day.
Each soldier feels himself to be the in
dividual champion of the Emperor, the
personal representative of his sover
eign, and the call to the colors is an
opportunity greatly prized rather than
a sacrifice to be regretted.
So. considered as a show, the mobili
zation has been a disappointment.
Color, life, pageantry and blare of
bands th<ere has not been, but instead
an unlmaglned and unimaginable ex
hibition far more extraordinary. In all
Tokio I have seen but one Mae fiyinsr.
and that for only a brief time. Onlv
one cheer have I heard, at a railroad
station where a crowd of his townsmen
came down to see an old officer start
away. Here and there throughout the
city sub-depots were opened where va
rious articles of uniform or eaulpment
were issued to the reservists, in one:
place shoes, in another blouses, in an
other trousers, in another caps, and so
on. But not one of these places that I
saw was marked by a flag or other In
dication of martial character, except
that now and then the guard would be
lounging abont with Ihelr rifles leaninsr
against the bamboo racks set out in
front of the place.
JAPAN STATES HER CASE.
For several day3 there have been
hints in the newspapers that the Gov
ernment might consider it ' aeivlsatfle- ty
issue a statement setting forth the
course of the negotiations with Russia
and urging strongly that it should ba
Continued on Page 23. Column 1.ADVEBTISEMENTS.
iillllglCll vlCdldilvv Odiv
The necessity for space £or spring styles now
arriving requires the disposal of much of our
present stock. During the next three weeks,
commencing Monday, February 29th, we shall
make a reduction of from 20% to 50% on
Furniture
Upholstery Goods
Lace Curtains
Oriental and Domestic Dugs
Such a variety of styles and prices is seldom
offered. Our window display reveals the remark-
able values which make these reductions con 1
spicuous. Goods bought at special sale may be
left here to suit customers' convenience, but
cannot be exchanged nor returned.
POSTnearKEARNY
This is a better country to
live-in, because Schilling's Best
is in it. •
v. . t^^,-, . ,-,-rThaelL
PATRIOTISM OF JliPAHfSE,
Continued from Page 22, Column 7.
dene. Yesterday afternoon notice was
gent to the local newspapers and to
the different correspondents of foreign
.papers here to come to the Foreign Of
fice In the evening. The Japanese news-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
II 7E'VE brought these little
men out this morning
* =i i^NjU x c nr f\ ivr ci ti tp cl
Afs^^M^^K sp 1?W^? The ' atest fancy in to^ s or
jft^K^^^te^ jlf^ W^W^ Jr\ C They come in Sailors — also
[0$$ ftp^^^ft //' \:-!k. /| CL In solid color Wool Fabrics
ipii iii^^fti li\ j -X : i —^ n New Homespuns— -in
Xs '0^M?^ ////^ EB !f^$iM • Bright and new and clever
\[ /^fA as t^ le y can e .■'...<•>■ . .,;•■/••
ii ' '^ 4 Let's tog your boy up right.
B I Wm Hat News
H ilf\ Wi /IB® ur S traws anc * Wash Fabrics
&^ . ROQS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
paper men went to the official residence
of Baron Komura, the Foreign Min
ister, where he read to them the state
ment that was immediately cabled out
in full. The same statement had al
ready been given to the diplomatic
representatives here of other govern
ments and by them sent to their re
spective capitals. Copies in English
were given to the foreign correspond
ents, with the very significant remark
that the telegraph authorities had been
instructed to facilitate in ever,y way
the transmission of messages concern
ing the document. Thus at last Japan
made explanation of her cause. In
every free capital In the world the
statement is no doubt printed at length
this morning, if in fact it had not been
printed before. Here in Tokio it is
printed also, but without a word of
comment. In the newspaper that Is
closest to the Government the state
ment leads the editorial page, and there
is not a word anywhere in the paper
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1004.
to show what it is or whence it came.
The papers refer guardedly to the rup
ture of diplomatic relations, but still
there is no word of actual war in them,
no sign that troops or ships are mov
ing. Surely if "still waters run deep"
the plummet that sounds these will
need a long line.
Gunboats Sail for Guantanamo.
COLON, Feb. 27.— The United States
gunboats Nashville and Bancroft and
the cruiser Atlanta have left for Guan
tanamo, Cuba. The cruiser Olympia is
now the only American warship at Co
lon.
Vote Confidence in Premier Maura.
MADRID, Feb. 27.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day/ passed a vote of confi
dence in Premier Maura by 139 to 114.
The vote came in connection with the
adoption of the naval credits.
Great Britain
Will Fight for
Hold Upon Tibet
Continued From Page 21, Column 6.
by International agitation or external
complications.
An official said to-day that the new
Korean-Japanese treaty had been the
occasion for putting out a number of
reports calculated to foment discord
between France and Korea and perhaps
force the hand of -, France in relation
to other powers, particularly Russia.
The authorities had taken note that
the reports emanated from high.Jap
anese sources. But, the official de
clared, French policy was definitely
fixed to maintain neutrality and re
frain from the slightest active particle
pation in the war, and this would not
be changed by the Korean-Japanese
treaty or other events, so far as pos
sibly can be foreseen at present.
It is the understanding in govern
ment circles that Japan will not ask
the powers to give formal recognition
of the Korean-Japanese treaty, partic
ularly its Indirect establishment of a
protectorate. Korea's position is lik
ened to that of Roumania after tak
ing, advantage of the Turkish war to
declare its independence, but before
the Berlin Congress had sanctioned its
becoming a kingdom.
There Is no truth in the report, pub
lished in^i,ondon. and which origi
nated in the Novoe Krai of Port* Ar
thur, that the Japanese Minister at
Seoul, Korea, has requested the Korean
Government to hand the French Min
ister his passports. The Foreign Office
received a dispatch to-day from the
French representative at Seoul, who
does not allude to any such incident.
BERLIN, Feb. 27.— The silence of the
German press toward the war projects
itself upon the attention of any one
searching the newspapers here for an
opinion about it. The news agency
dispatches from abroad are printed
with occasional explanations of their
meaning to military and naval stu
dents, but that is all. The usually
opinionated editor has nothing to say
on the Japanese-Korean treaty con
cerning Russia's protest against this
alleged Infringement of Korea's neu
trality, whether the Kiel Canal may
be ussd by belligerents, or on Foreign
Secretary von Rlchthofen's statement
to the budget commission respecting
the continued occupation of Chill
province bv the troops of the powers.
The German newspapers on all sub
sidiary auestions growing out of the
war arc as mute a;;. they are on the
larger rights or wrongs of the com
batants.
This silence places In high relief the
relation of the press to the Govern
ment—a relation quite different from
that of the newspapers in any other
country on subjects of foreign policy.
The Government has given the press to
understand that neutrality in utterance
and reserve as complete as the Gov
ernment's own are a patriotic duty at
this time. The Foreign Office has the
conviction that the German press has
large powers for doing mischief In sup
plying material for illnatured foreign
commentators, and the Government de
sires to be perfectly free to act, should
action be desirable at a later period In
the developments of events, without
foreign feeling or that of either of the
belligerents having been excited
against Germany by injudicious com
ment. The editors are not restless,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMEN JN^IETY J||SU
K--* - * "•"-£» * * ' (ft i^o ouicii I ri o t u n u \j in vv riiv5 3 n
' ♦ "^runa is indeed a household blessing.
' /^^^^^^^f^^^^^^^^^^^y • La5t fatl l cau 3 ht a sovsre cold wn ' en de ~
' I^^^^^^^^^^^^^MmM^^M WBeks f could n9iif)er en J°y m y foocf nor en w
W |m|^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ \ restful sleep. I became nervous and imtablo
' /f^^W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^s * and nothing looked just right to me. A good
(j«^^ ♦ neighbor advised me to try Peruna and I im-
\ I medtata/ y sent for * oottle - ' am r3r / 9 lad
_Ji indeed that I did. I began to feel relief in a
! l^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^vS-^ ♦ wee^ ane * 500n e^ e^ er *h an I nad In * v0
t^^^^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ * Years."— Margret Hueston, 1127 Linden st.,
' 14ICC MADPDFT HIIPCTftM ' ' * ■ ~ I«O0 ''
4 IrllOo iVlrtrvUHCI IIUCO lU.V. lBDaMa«aBMMMaaMnv ♦
Pe-ru-na Makes Clean, Healthy Mu- Decollete Gowns and Catarrh. At the Height of the Social Season
COUS Membranes— Catarrhal DIs- Miss Blanche Myers. 3120 Penn street. Fe-ru-na Is a Blessing to
_, _ ., Kansas City, Mo., .writes: . . . ... «,.
eases Disappear Permanently. -During each of the past four seasons Women.
'--;. I have caught a severe cold, when sud- iCii»». *.r t>.~_... en- <3~.»_,* .* ■v ■n-
: denly clillled after an evening party, and dith tt Barnes. 60. Second st.. N. E..
THF mucous membrane Is to the In- catarrh for several weeks would be the Washington. D. C. writes: I am pleased
-Mi^-?hf £^? wh«f t»?A sfci\n« tn result. One bottle of Peruna cured me to state that Peruna did me more good
side of the body what the skin is to and j snall t . dread colds more as vacation.
the outside of the body. It lines i did."— Blanche Myers. "Too manv nartles theaters and lata
every organ, duct and cavity. Catarrhal Miss G. Xolan. 202 E street. N. E.. ™° "^^ P artIes - theaters and uta
innammation attacking one part is liable Washington. D. C. writes: "I have been suppers had so undermined my health
to spread to other parts. A neglected a great sugeWr^^ywaM that the doctor advised a complete
cold or slight catarrh is often the cause £ rom ni S" h t0 J r ¥\ l! fe^&Hii ' IS Ch ?"/V^ * & *'*"• <^ ?
of lingering and dangerous catarrh. year "perSna was ' iM^SiS^ ' 1 2, Ot tWS '^ * U nec 5 SEal ? after u<,n 5
Women are naturally more susceptible nf|hly recom- 1^^^%! i f Peruna for five weeks It acted like
to Inclemencies of the weather trftn men. mended to me by i W&&^2%\>\\ masic ' increased my appetite, aided my
With them a cold is often the starting h friend who had di^ st T ion ""? induced restful sleep all
point of some severe pelvic derangement, {^^Hl 1^^ \M&jSS£fB$M health ™ "**
causing much pain and suffering. by its use. I pur- '< Wt^ ™&" "I think it a most excellent remedy
Every woman needs a remedy upon chased a bottle of i(!!|l!$ •Kfi'li!!! an< * a. fine tonic for all worn-out women."
which she can rely to keep her system Peruna and In a j 'm\i\ *•*?*-, OsSli I! 1 — Edith M. Barnes.
fortified against the severe and trying short time was ll3l!'!\^F- . agp ij'iij If you do not derive prompt and sat-
winter weather. • If- Peruna is taken at greatly relieved, rjfjiijl&v, \^~_JBSa\ |1ftJ lsfactory results from the use of Peruna.
the first symptom of a cold It will cure it I continued its r /l m!W**?stfS5M!(ki.*!|v write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
before it develops into some annoying use and am now /ls£«Sj§a£^p!^]\ full statement of your case and he will
catarrhal derangement. entirely well. I Cr*^ 'r^*3p??3^i ; -'^i3 &e pleased to give you his valuable ad-
Even after catarrh has been acquired consider Peruna^ MUg""*" UkCkti \. vice gratis.
Peruna cures if permanently and one of the great- » «m ■in'm ii ■ n V i«3 Address Dr. Ilartman. President'of The
promptly. est discoveries of the age." — Miss Nolan. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
seemingly, in accepting this role, be
cause they believe that they are acting
patriotically.
HALES BELIEVES
0EIENT WAR WILL
LAST TWO YEARS
"Speaking deliberately and gravely,"
said A. J. Hales, the famous London
war correspondent, as he made his way
on board the China yesterday, bound
for the seat of war in the Orient, "I
consider that it will be at least two
years before we see the end of the
Russo-Japanese struggle. I want to
say right now that my sympathy is
fully with the Japanese and that I am
entirely antagonistic to the earth-hun
ger of Russia, but I am quite conscious
of the enormous Muscovite power, k I
•never thought the Russian fleet would
go out, but that it would merely hang
around Port Arthur.
"I expect the Japanese, who in dash
and method are very like the French,
to make a brilliant stand, but the
heavy, cold Russian is the more canny
of the two. The present procedure of
Russia is the same as she has always
followed, even in the time of the great
war god Napoleon, whose army she
toyed with and wrecked. Then again In
the Crimea at first It was thought that
Turkey would easily blot Russia off
the map, and the sequel for this easily
nursed optimism was a bitter lesson
for Turkey, France and England.
"I believe that Russia is* now playing
the same game with Japan. Presently
her forces will be concentrated, she will
fall back as far as jshe dare, draw Ja
pan Into extended marches and leave
the Mikado's men with the grown bur
den of guarding a greatly increased line
of communication.' Certainly Russia is
not showing her full hand at present.
She is dogged in purpose, great at the
finish of a fight and has never been
lacking in fine generals. should be
remembered, too, that Japan as a com
mercial nation suffersfsomethlng extra
in every moment of the war, while
with Russia, who lives within herself
and has hardly any commerce, the case
is quite different. Whether the vim and
spirit of the Japanese can cope with
the steady policy and endurance of the
Russians is a question yet to be an
swered.
"Speaking for my own particular
country, Australia, she cannot very
well do with Russian territory getting
closer to her shores. And that reminds
me of the Boer struggle, in. which my
compatriots got their first real knowl
edge of war. Well, the Australian of
ficer—and I mean New Zealand too—
may not be very dressy or effect-pro
ducing in peace, but in time of war'- as
a fighting animal he has no superior on
earth. When the Russo r Japanese cam
paign is over I: hope to sail from San
Francisco for New Zealand, from where
some years ago on the Alameda I made
the jolllest and most comfortable sea
trip of my life. No, I am not a stranger
to California; indeed, the scene of my
last story, "Angel Jim." is laid in Los
Angeles. Like Oan Francisco? Why.
sure.- Its'good fellowship' is great. All
are kindly received, > then treated on
their, merits, and if they have not got
an y_well, ; then they had better pass on
to less discerning centers."
War-News Continued oh Page 21.
GUAYAQUIL.. Ecuador. : Feb. 27. — The
Chilean Minister. Senor- Zanartu, left to-day
for borne on leave of absence.
IOWA'S GUNS
POORLY MADE
Board Investigating Acci
dent on Battleship Finds
They Were Once Rejected
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.-*In Its in
vestigation of the accident in which
the muzzles of the two 8-inch guns of
the battleship Iowa were recently
blown off the naval board, of which
Captain J. II. Dayton is the head, has
made some startling discoveries. It
fpund that the forgings from which
these two ill fated guns were built
were once rejected as defective by
Chief of Ordnance Captain W. T.
Sampson (afterward made admiral.)
The forgings were made either at
Midvale, Pa., or at the Bethlehem Steel
Works. They were sent to Washing
ton Navy Yard. Captain Jewell^vas
then the superintendent of the naval
gun factory. The forgings had a some
what unusual appearance. The metal
was marked by sand specks.
In 1 accordance with the policy of the
gun factory then, since and now in
force, Captain Jewell declined to pro
ceed with their manufacture, and a
board was ordered to Inspect the forg
ings. This was done, and a member of
the board now investigating the Iowa
accident is authority for the statement
that this board decided that sand specs
were not indicative of or due to weak
ness In forgings. The question then
became of how much sand specs should
be permitted In forgings. Captain
Sampson, it is stated, exercised his
disc -tion as chief of the Bureau of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE REQUISITE AT SMART FUNCTIONS
I I GIANT STRIDES!
k£>*? Records Broken
E*# DISTINCTLY HIGH QUALITY
MOET ®L CHANDON
"White Seal f ' Ch '""»"< n '
nf^ni^wi BJm^J*"' Me«r». Moet & Ckandon own mors vineyards
*" l^ e ' ea<^' n S Champagne house* combined
" aJst " *nd" have over I I miles of cellars, ihe most ex-
%&¥$&&JeM :^%§sm i %l* yax u!e * <^ ljrm< ** Mf l<50) were
Bottles. » Spire ne»-r before re»ched ty *ny O^mpagne houie
%^V^&^r^k: 'VWHITE SEAL"
.*■*—*—»»—»>"■"*".-- • - ' THE CHAMP*CN£ C* THE DAY
William Wolff & Co. pacific coast agents Sa n Francisco, Cal.
THE REQUISITE VAT "SMART FUNCTIONS
OrC. u.nce to defeat the order that the
manufacture of the guns be proceeded
with, which was done. Nevertheless,
it is pointed out i.a remarkable that
these guns should be the only ones of
their caliber to display any weakness.
They did not explode at the same time.
With one round one of the guns had Its
muzzle blown off.
The captain of the Iowa then directed
that all the other S-inch guns on the
ship be fired with an equal charge of
powder. This was done, and then or
ders were given to fire the companion
to the already bursted gun. This round
resulted in a similar demolition of muz*
zles. -' ■ .
The investigating board consists, be
sides Captain Dayton, of Commander
F. F. Fletcher and Lieutenant A. C.
Dreffenbach.
Rear Admiral Charles O'Neal, chief
of the Bureau of Ordnance, to-day took
exception to the statement that Ameri
can naval ordnance had less velocity
than that of the English. German and
French navies, and that a reduction of
velocity which he has ordered as a
temporary precaution before sending a
report of the investigating board would
materially impair the efficiency of the*
fleet. Admiral O'Neal said the muzzlo
velocities of suns on American war
ships compare most favorably with
those on other warships.
Heavy Earthquakes In Ecuador.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador. Feb. 27.—
Advices from Quito say two heavy
earthquake shocks were felt there yes
terday. The Colombian gunboat Bo
gota, which arrived in these waters
for some unexplained purpose Febru
ary 20. remains at anchor off Punta
Island. In the Gulf of Guayaquil.
BKRUN' Feb 27. — The authorities b»r» da
cided that" a criminal prosecution of Frita
Meyer the banker, who disappeared February
23 leaving liabilities amounting to $200,000.
with aaseta of $25,000. and who was arrested
yesterday on the outskirts of Berlin. Is likely
tcv fail and conseijuently he will ba released
from custody.
2324
ADVEBTTKKIffENTS. • • ;
of our iTiyMM^
jZzSlfl THOUSANDS OR DOLLARS GIVEIN AWAY.
/rjttzi&&} i Bcpinninc to-morrow and throughout the entire month of March we shall hold a series of .phenomenal money-saving . sales —
/a ra fc ygj?j offerings lhat will be recognized far and wide as the most extraordinary saving event ever planned in this city. We are going to
\f Pff K'^vTSS celebrate our 7th annivcrsary-^-we arc pojng to make the month of March the biggest in our history, and to show our appreciar
\^f&~jjufivj' t' nn ot ' your penerous support during the past seven years and as an incentive to increase your confidence in the future we have
\^°$<&&' decided to make the following . ' ■ • .. ...,..-..- ... ... -•
m' EXTRAORDINARY ANNOUNCEMEIMT..^
It is by far the most important ever made by any mercantile house on the coast — must be of vast interest, to every man, woman and child in
this city and vicinity. NOTE — We will refund the money on all cash purchases made .011 a certain day of the month of 'March (which has already been
selected), ihc day selected to be announced in the Sunday papers of April 3. -No matter what you purchase for cash during the month — a 5-cent
spool of cotton or a $100 gown— if your duplicate checks bear the date of. the lucky day your money will be cheerfully refunded. Be sure and save
all your duplicate checks secured with cash purchases. Buy something every day and you are hound to be one of the lucky ones'. CO. D. and charge
accounts do not participate in this offering. WATCH OTHER ANNOUNCEMENTS. . , ... ; -.•;.•■■■.••
600 New $1.50 & $2 Shirt Waists for] I" 1 ™**™ Sale Crepe de Chine Silks) [ Remarkable Wash Goods Offering.]
This is by long odds the best f\ BLf*. - . (N *° samples given and none sold to the trade.) ," j-««« VO rAc 1ftr Nau'aUv RatiCTO fnr
TVaist offering you have ever seen, UPL i When we secure a good bargain fm f\f\ DlJUU VaFflS £UC nOVeilV DallSie IOl
even at this store. The Waists have \F \W ■ ourselves we always share It with *"vtLSl» A , *u* !,»««««» ** «„ t ,.,.„..„ _, _.
lust arrived; are made up In the V V Each our patrons; this is again one of our OJ/V i 3 V ;O V^K^M« "JK OP
latest style; of finest Madras. Ginsham. Cheviot famous Silk offerings; we wish we w - w< srard 0 ?l rln^V?*l t hJr^?JIi? -tviil- Svfr Rftoo M%^
and Percale, finished with Pique stocks and bow: had more: only 1200 yards, all we could get from P lcl « of th f c t V3 rm 'V* hi/"'^}^ 6^ V T , rll
larpe pearl buttons and latest full sleeve; most the manufacturer. These crepe de chines are of yards are in this .lot. cho ice. data t> j and "t.*
of these Waists are worth $2.00. some. $1.50. but . excellent quality, rich and lustrous, and come in " she . er - B^' st n e f .^ or fl " e . Summ f t r e d t r r 1^t VJJ- "*„!
we purchased them tor this Anniversary Sale. shades of white, cream, light blue. pink, nile and a " d , dar £ 0 } 11 }^' *"]? ?i L. S ,'5^
Tour choice 95c each. . " black; U. actual 85c Quality; Anniversary price. scro^cUp||^^|^ 00 ;
Jiii^^illSS^ New Pongee Silks, worth 85c, for Choice New Bourette Etamines,
very lustrous; Taffeta Silk Petti- %L W fill Another grand silk offering that rr jfY O A fabric that will be very popular <f% 0B f*
coats that are good value at 57.50; *ra«J* vrvr will delight the Monday throng; a w3J|l» ' for Summer Dresses, sheer, wash B •%l>
they come in fifteen of the newest t Each great variety of new 24-inch Pongee \W%J Etamines in the latest colorings, Sm\M _i
colorings, also black: are finished with deep ac- Silks, in handsomest designs; the .Yard checked, striped and dotted, effects; Yard
cordeon pleated flounce and tucked ruffle; cut latest for Waists and complete Suits; splendid a big variety .to select from; well worth ooc; spe-.
extra full; Anniversary price. $5.00 e3ch. value at S5c. Sale price, 59c a yard. clal value, aSc'a yard. • • v
t^M^^iS 0VER 250 ° YARDS FINEST SILK RIBBONS AT ALMOST HALF. SEE WINDOWS. llW^/^
7 /V / : '*'flbt^" w * l»*ve rlannpd a remarkable Ribbon Sale, for all this week; and .Easter being only a few weeks away, this sale is very oppor- P^»\w\\.Jf IU> \
/ -/ 'juL- ' tr t- tur - e - w * > > a v « > purchased over (><k») rifles hi?h-cln5a Ribbons from an Kastern manufae tmer— all their short piece?, called loom ends, tdi3$y^>/2h&*4\ : &' \
r 'rffr7 ! k>*$*Jr- ;n :< * : ' rths trom :•> t < > ti yards— and which go on sale, beginning Monday, at about hulf the usual falling price. I
(I )0&tjM 5000 V ds - 5inch 45c Quality Ribbon for OCQ 6000 yards 6-inch 50c quality Ribbons, 0&O
I yir^! Thir.k nf getting a 5-inch pure Rllk Ribbon at 25c a yard: / J Very hich c!a;s satin taffeta Ribbon, soft and very lus- Jj {rSttSj^JSSfjWsSA
\3y7\J?_&iiX'iij unquestionably t!-.p Krc-atcst Ribbon values we have ever ■""**>ro trou?; the finest ruality: high finish: us^d hy lead-- **Ytrd VvS^SV^^g^fjJJgfga
TRw'"' a *5ii« HB^/ sefn. Triere Is a great variety in this lot — mousellne and satin injr dressmakers and milliners:. in shades of pink, light blue, white,
taffeta. Hibbons: very hlch class; extremely lustrous; much in de- cream, cardinal, turquoise, nile and black; magnificent value at
mand fcr neckwear, ccrtage. bows and fine belts; in all the pretty' ' BOc. Our anniversary sale price. 35c a yard -J ■' "
thjides. alto white, cream, pink and light blue; actually worth 45c, . ■ • ' . . .
o«« - lr oW o V- x ♦ dVkk * =3cayard 3000 yards No. 60 25c quality Satin Taffeta Ribbon, IQC
300 PI6CCS J.\jC oatin laiieta KlDDOn TOT lilf. A very lustrous, high class Ribbon; 4 inches wide, extra heavy; comes in shades • I Uv *
Beautiful and soft satin taffeta Ribbon, 3H inches wide, in colors of white. - IfcL of white, cream, pink, light blue, .cardinal, lavender and black; worth "3c, for.. • WItra
cream, pink, light blue, cardinal, nile and black, bale price 14c •• lYtrd •.:...........'..... ;■. . ; .'..10c a yard
SALE OF SPREADS. I I SAVING ON SHEETS and CASbS compoktees and blankets. .. LINENS AND NAPKINS. I
HcneyeoBfc 8prt*df, w.rth $1.50 $1.1) e.ei 63x90 Sheeti, wtrlh 60e, for We each $2.50 Comforters for . .81.95 Each 72-Inch All L'ncns at. . $1.00 yard
H.«ye.Bk EfrtU,, w.rth $2 CO. .. $1.60 ewh 81xfO Sheet., rctk TCe, lor 65e each va^™ hea^ tor - *>ubl, r bed.. great f<>f & dQz
K*r»*Ule. 6prtE«i. worth $2.50..-. $2.03 e»eh 80x90 8heeU. worth 76e. fcr 65» eieh . $9 AU-Wool Blankets.. .. .$6.75 Pair Full dinner, eize; extra heavy; choice
Karseil'e* lfTtt.it, werth fi.OO. ... $3.03 eteh 50x36 Cfctes, worth 17 Se, far 12'+« etch Calif, make; all wool; for double beds. patterns. ... - .: • .
Sale of Long Cloth. . gr™j\- °^^ 3 ** cv ™ P - OMPr ATTENTIOW - New Corset Embroideries.
',tn pioc.-scxtra fine grade 36-inch Long ' JBI^mJ 0 — I >™ ni^J!§$k&'d&jL fg ' On sajo, the first, tinu: Monday, about
Cloth, m fine and pheer quality for mak- jt / *2Pj&^jt 1 3(1^ plf.Cea new stylo of Corset Embrojd-
$l '^2Si ece . 1 tf?^ g^^^ t w^::; 50c,^5c, 75c to $1.50 a Yard.
WAR WRITERS AND JAPANESE PATRIOTS
SAIL ON. LINER CHINA FOR THE ORIENT
Not since the early days of the
Fjianish-American war has the de
pnrture of an Orient-bound liner at
tracted quite the enthusiastic atten
tion accorded yesterday to the steam
ship China when she sailed for the
Orient. The big liner's decks were
trowded with all sorts and conditions
of interesting people. There were
v.hite men whose names are known
the world over by fiction and history
they have written, and little brown
men going to the Far East to help In
the making; of more history. There
was every shade of complexion from
the baby pink of Kicrrard Harding
Davis to the Colorado maduro of
Chief Steward Darling's assistant.
The majority of the liners passengers
arc bound for the Orient, all attracted
by the same mapnet — Japan's battle
with the bear. In about half a hun
dred cases the magnetic attraction
was in the form of patriotism. Fancy
salaries, love of adventure, hope of
glory and the call of duty were some
of the strings that drew others of that
interesting company.-
Of more than a hundred Japanese
passengers fifty are going home to en
ter their country's military service.
Among those was Dr. \V. M. Xaka
bayasi, who wore the uniform of a
•Japanese army surgeon and had sus
l-?nded by straps over his shoulders a
collection of leather cases said to con
tain everything necessary to equip a
field hospital, excapt crutches,
stretchers and an ambulance. Fifty
Japanese warriors sailed on the China
rnd ten times fifty stood on the dock
and cheered them on. The contingent
ashore displayed a Japanese flag. and
a banner on which was inscribed a
Kood-by message for the cheer of the
soldiers' fou!<=. An untuneful but en
thusiastic band played "Auld Lang
and other airs and Japs ashore
and on shipboard waved little Ameri
can and Japanese silk flags and shout
ed strangely sounding messages back
and forth.
Among the China's cabin passengers
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Will give $1000
rTegSSS^ If I fail to cure any
WP 8^- CANCER
fH or Tumor I treat
*Vr J£fta«- TO*S befere It poisons
7 ** 1$ No Knife! No Pain!
jjfef^ j^'.Ho.Pay Until Cured
1^ A In 3" year- J h. v enred more
j 11 cancels . th a aa. - oU»»t <Jocto.'
I living, if' . . Ray or other sw.u-
E^fc^CX^ JL &l * m INVESTIGATE
g^r- y^fe^Ky Absolute Gairintea
E^^E^A LUMP N
WOMAN'S BREAST. IS GANGER
They always poison the elands in th» irm i".
andchoul^rr; theneore Is often i- posribls. An;
t unjo.-. 'orni or »bre oh the LJP, . *ACK or an .-•
wbero t>i' most' s is nearly always cancer
They never p-.l. • ntt'- . lmott past curs.
120 PAG"! 3OOK SENT FREE.
». h fiya-tooa n testimonials of thousands
cured whom you an see and talk wiC
OR & MR 0 . DR. CHAMLEY.t CO.
•• Strict y B*:iable. M Two Lady Assistants.
23 & 25 Third St.. San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
were many war correspondents, who
will represent American, English,
French .and other newspapers and
magazines.
Many of the young ladies on the
wharf were there to get a glimpse of/
Richard Harding Davis, who is going
cut as one of Collier's correspond
ents. Mr. Davis was there with his
little camera and commenced earning
his salary as the China started to
move.
John Fox Jr.. who wrote "Hell for
Sartain." "The Little Shepherd of
Kingdom Come" and other well
known "books, also sailed on the China.
He is going out for the Scribners.
The other war correspondents were
Paul Cowles, who will take charge of
the Associated Press service in the
Far East; C D. Magerty, who will as
sist Mr. Cowles; I. C. Balet and R.,V.
de, Laguerie, who represent Paris, pa-'
pers; Major H. X. Beddoes, London
Times; L. E. Johnson. The Scripps
syndicate; L. F. Lawton. London Ex-,
press; A. G. Hales, London News, and
M. H. Donoho of the London Chron-'
Jclo.
J. W. Davidson and F. D. Cheshire,
United States Consuls to Mukden and
Antung. also sailed on the China,»and
among the passengers were Captain
J. B. Milton and Lieutenant Com
mander W. £>. Hughes of the> navy,
both ordered for duty with the Asiatic
squadron. Captain AV. A. Adarns of
the Fifth R. I. Lancers also sailed on
the China. , - - •
WITH SOLEMX KITES
NICHOLAS PAKTAKES :;
OF THE SACKAMEXT
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 27.— After
having fasted the Czar drove this
mbrnlngr to the Anitchkoff Palace to
partake of the sacraments He was ac
companied by the Czarina and his
daughter Olga, who were "dressed in
white, in honor of the solemn occasion.
His Majesty was clad in full uniform.
The congregation included the Dowa
ger Empress, the Czar's sister, Grand
Duchess Olga, and her husband,: the
Duke of Oldenburg. His Majesty took
the consecrated bread and wine from
Court Chaplain Yanysheff and after
ward bestowed the bread, steeped, in
wine,, upon the Dowager Empress, the
Czarina and the Grand Duchess." The
rules'of the orthodox church forbid the
administration of the elements sepa
rately, except to men.
The customary mutual congratula
tions followed the partaking of the. sac
rament, and the Imperial party then
breakfasted In the Winter Palace.
Later in the day they dined at the
Anitchkoff Palace. The crowds along
the Nevsky prospect heartily cheered
their Majesties as they drove thrbugh
the streets.
There was a touching scene aitHe
Nicholas railroad station this evening
when| Grand Duke Cyril, eldest son . of
the Grand. Duke Vladimir, the Czar's
uncle, left for the Far East. Grand
Duke Cyril returned to St. Petersburg
this morning, and went to take leave of
the Czar this, afternoon. He partook
of the sacrament in, the church at the
Vladimir Palace arid v then proceeded
to the station, -vr here. he. was met by a
large number of imperial Princes and
THE-. SAN'. Flt\NGIS.c6: ; CALB; FEBRUARY :2Sl^0i^:~:
officers, who were waiting to bid him
farewell.
Grand Duchess. - *Marie, Cyril's
mother, broke down at the last mo
ment and wept as she embraced her
son: 1 ' Even the veteran, Vladimir,
Cyril's father, shed ' tears_ and Grand
Dukes Boris and' Andrew' held their
brother in a long embrace'.'
Grand Duke ; Cyril is going to Port
Arthur to act. as chief officer of the
flagship. Grand Duke Boris will leave
on March 11 with General Kuropatkin.
Although there is no '* confirmation
here of the reported landing of Jap
anese at Possiet Bay, near Vladivostok,
private advices received he,re say that
Japanese warships have been sighted
off Kyengseng. Korea, about eighty
miles southwest of Possiet Bay.
MIKADO EXPECTS; ;
POWERS' APPK0VAL
OF KOKEAX TREATY
TOKIO. Feb. 27.— Great interest is
felt here as to how the powers, will re
ceive the news that Japan arid Korea
■■'■■■ : V ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
W Special Monday W
•fixsl .'.For just otic : day— -tomorrow, Monday — w&A
waft vve wHloffer'thisldak bureau at the above spc-BCB
- xNft cial price; golden color and measures flMr '
41? inches wide by 72 inches high. Regular Br^
\J][ price $15.00^ .- . . ,- - V^v
w/j See 'to-day's Chronicle and Kxarainer . &y
A|W for other : Mj6nd ay spirals. Tempting values lflpj
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square.
have signed the protocol for a treaty
by which the Japanese guarantee the
independence and integrity of Korea.
No doubt is held -as to the approval of
Great Britain and the United States.
Belgian, French and German subjects;
as well as the representatives of com
panies conducted officially by Russians,
have been pressing for concessions
which may be affected by the altered
status of Japanese and Korean rela
tions. ■
PARIS. Feb. 27.— In explaining the
Japanese-Korean treaty Molono, the
Japanese Minister to France, said:
"My Government broke off relations
with Russia in order to safeguard the
independence and integrity of -Korea.
This treaty is a new affirmation of the
policy Japan has not ceased to pursue
at Seoul. The Independence o£ Korea
is a guarantee of the security of Japan.
My country cannot without exposing
itself to suicide permit a third power
to occupy Korea. It is for us a ques
tion of life or death. We wish neither
to annex nor subject Korea, but we do
not wish Russia to incorporate the
country as she has Manchuria. The
statement that the treaty provides for
a Japanese protectorate is Imaginary."
AMERICANS
"SNUBBED"
IN RUSSIA
Treated as Foes of
. the Czar's Gov
ernment.
Proposed Gable Ex
tension Adds to
Bitterness.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 27.— The
Bourse Gazette to-day makes a Wash
ington dispatch, saying the United
States has undertaken to lay a 'sub
marine cable from the Philippine Isl
ands to Japan to prevent the latter's
isolation in case the Russians' cut the
Shanghai cable, the subject of a bitter
attack iipc-n the Government at Wash
ington "for this new evidence of its
breach of neutrality," claiming that
the contention of the United States
that the landing of the cable would be
undertaken for the improvement of
trade relations "does not clear Amer
ica's skirts," and inquiring "what the
Americans would say if Germany had
run a cable from Kiaochau to Port
Arthur of Vladivostok."
The news that the United States had
assented to the extension of the Pa
cific cable to Japan, with the reasons
assigned in the dispatches from Wash
ington, still further aggravated the pop
ular belief that the United States is
siding with Japan against Russia. The
few Americans in St. Petersburg havn
all remarked on the changed de
meanor of their Russian friends. For
merly they were treated with the
greatest cordiality, but now the Rus
sians greet them with the question:
"Is America our secret enemy and will
we have to fight her also before the
war corncc to an end?"
OLD FRIENDSHIPS SEVERED.
How deeply the Russians are wound
ed by the belief— destined, unless
checked, scon to become a conviction —
that America has spurned her old
friend and is now playing a hostile
role, is shown by this severance of
personalities, of which a striking in
stance'occurred this week in a promi
nent drawing-room, when the most in
timate Russian 'friend of an American
lady declined her proffered hand. Upon
the lady's exclamation of astonish,
ment. her friend broke into tears and
said she" f elf aggrieved at all Ameri
cans' since the reported action of the
commander of the United States gun
boat Vicksburg at Chemulpo. ••
The" attitude of the itnited States is
a subject of " constant discussion 1 even
"in the highest c'ii'ch's here,- where with,
'trie greatest fegfe't the " fear is ex
pressed that the two countries, with
out excuse so-far as Russia.., is. con
cerned, seem to be drifting apart. The
recently reported cancellation of Amet-'
lean contracts indicates how the re-:,
sentment of America's supposed hos
tility has invaded business affairs.
Popular feeling is, of course, to be.
largely attributed to* certain of the^
Russian newspapers, which have sud-!
denly turned their batteries from Great
Britain to the United States and Tiav.e
seized every rumor to place the worst,
possible interpretation upon its acts.
BITTERNESS OF THE PRESS.
Without waiting for an explanation
which, it is apparent from the dis
patches received here to-day from
Washington, will put another complex-,
ion upon the Vicksburg incident, the
columns of the press, for days past
have been full of* excited comment
based on the original version of the af
fair. In spite of the state of popular,
opinion the Government, it can be con
fidently asserted, places ' the highest
value on American friendship, and aj
though the course of American diplo
macy is at times privately viewed ask
ance, officially the Government of the
Czar assumes that the American atti
tude has been strictly correct, nor is
the slightest disposition to question its
acts manifested.
At the Foreign Office to-day the press
was informed that the Government
knew nothing officially of the Vicks
burg incident and that it had not in
structed Count Cassini, the Russian
Embassador at Washington, to ask for
an explanation. It was. however, said
to be possible that the Embassador had
courteously inquired as to the truth of
the .Vicksburg reports, without having
had specific Instructions.
Regarding the reports of the cable to
Japan the Government is also without
official advices and the impression left
with, the representative of the press,
after having spoken of thematter, was
that even if these were true, Russia
would not necessarily consider the
running of this cable a breach of neu
trality.
The pre'ss is authorized to say that
the Russian proclamation concerning
contraband of war will be issued In a
few days.
CABLE QUESTION UNDECIDED.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— It was an
nounced in dispatches from Washing
ton'on February 24 that the Commer
cial Cable Company. had addressed in
quiries to the Government as to wheth
er permission could be secured to land
on the island c-f Guam a cable connect
ing with Japan. This cable would con
nect at Guam with the Pacific Com
mercial cable to the United States. It
was said that the request was based
upon the. apprehension that, the exist
ing Japanese cables, both of which run
to Shanghai, might be cut during the
present hostilities, and Japan thus be
isolated from the world. In consider
ing the request the Government was
said to have reached* the conclusion
that an assent " wc/iild not involve, a
breach of neutrality, taking the ground
thaf a cable i£ a commercial instru
ment, like a. mail ship.
;;WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— Most care
ful consideration is being given to the
application of 'ihe Commercial Cable
Company, made on behalf of Japan, to
land a cableon the island of Guam
toconnect at that point with the Amer
ican cable. Last evening the Presi
dent, Secretary Hay and Secretary Taft
had. a conference on the subject. As
heretofore indici-ted, the question of
the neutrality of this Government in
the Russo-Japanese war Is an impor-
| . ADVEBTISEM^ 1^ 3 - i
DOES THIS MAN
POSSESS DIVINE POWER?
The Dead Brought Back to Life
Is but Little More Miraculous Than Some of the
Marvelous Cur:s He Performs Without the
Aid of Drastic Drugs, Medicines or the
Healing Agents Commonly Employed
by tne Medical Fraternity.
Doctors nt Scientists Untie to Explain tie WoiW Ptoon
Cures Those a Thousand Miles Away the .
v Same as Those Who Call in Person
Takes No Money for His Services,Says His Mission
Is to Heal Disease and Teach Mankind a Secret
Law of Nature Which has Been Over-
;.,' looked by Doctors and Scientists
for Centuries Past. .
From the Bu
- Pvocheste.-.— Professor Thomas F. Adkin a
wealthy resident of this city, has truly created
a sensation among the medical fraternity. t>>
some mysterious law of nature he has done
■practically everything" but bring the dead to
life and doctors and scientists who have wit-
nessed his work are looking for him to do tn.s
next. In fact, they have been so taken ftacK
that they would not now b« surprised at any-
thing. They admit that all their remeoies and
treatment are but toys and tinsel us compared
with the wonder'ul discovery of this remark-
able- man. People say he possesses divine
power. Many of those who have been cured by
his mysterious power look on him as a K"a.
liut Prof. AdKln says: "No. I have no divine
power. There is nothing supernatural about
me. I have jjlmply discovered a secret law of
nature which has been overlooked by r.octors
and scientists for centuries past. 1 believe
that anv man's life can be saved so. long as he
is n.A actually dead and the vital organs of
the body have not been destroyed, and I fur-
ther believe that when I perfect my discovery
a. little more I shall be able to reigore life to
any one from dying, drowning or other causes
which do not destroy the vital organs, provided
decompocltlon has not yet In. I know these are
strong statements, bi't look at some of the
people I have cured. They were all but dead,
doctors said there was no hope, yet in many
cases I rid them of 3ctual disease in less time
than it takes to t*> tl you about It. There was
Mrs L. A. Phillips, of Trawlck. Tex., who
was the next thing tosdepd when I took hold
of'hcr case. Here is her letter: read what s=he
sa>s. I never saw her. but I cured h*>r Just the
same as if she had been in mv office." The
reporter was handed several letters from pa-'
tietrts among them that of Mrs. Phillips. T*i»
following extract* are taken (word for word)
from some of the letttrs. Mrs. Phillips writes:
••When I first began your treatment I had no
faith In- it nt all, had tried- to -many different
kinds of medicines wlih no benefit. I had been
under the treatment of twelve different hospi-
tals, with no relief, and then I employed two
home doctors, but t!wy roon got to th?y did
me no good, and told me they could do nothing
for me. an.l that If I ctuld find anything that
could do any good for m? to get it. for they
had done everything th»y could. I suffered
.'froni everv dUease that flesh Is heir tr>. 1 had
been bedfast fpr nv» years, unable to- stand
up longer than ten- minutes .at a time. If ever
"a wemih Vu'fi'eretl I did. I could not lie but
f'.n t>nr side. • I h»d'.two large; bed snres that
gave me a great Jeal of trotihle. and I suffered
so much in other ways. I had kidney trouble,
-catarrh of the h'adiaer and" aV»>i -grav«l. I
used to suffer nt times until I had spasms. I
also suffered from falling cf the womb, ulcers
nni chronff indigestion, and. of course, all of
these diseases left my nerves In a terrible con-
dition, when flnajly I. wrote to you. You have
uone'- fcr' me' what no one else ever did. But
my frlond* -all say that I have b»en ralsod
fr^m the dead. I. was nothing but skin anl
bones. ■now I am feeling splendid. I say v>
evrry one that if they would p!ae« their case in
y.)ur hands you will. do. the same for them. All
they need in do is to plve ycu a trial."
Mis* Hattie L. Kelly. S=»a! Cove. Mo. .writes:
'•Words can hardly express the gratitude I fee!
for what your treatment has done for me.
When I brgrth' t.ifctng It I had given up hopes
of. vr*t h<»lng well. The doctors said I had
consumption anl "couldn't live long. . N»w. af-
t< r taking onr> month's treatment. I am almost
tant factor in the consideration of the
application. It is not improbable there
fore that, if the application be granted,
some conditions may be attached to
the permission as to its use for mili
tary purposes. It is stated to-day that
no conclusion yet has been reached by
this Government respecting the appli
cation.
laiSSIAN-AMERICAX
DISSENSION PLEASES
THE GERMAN TRESS
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. • Copyright, I9«M, by the New York
. Jlerald. Publishing Company.
BERLIN, Feb. 27.— The German
press, which lost no time in pointing
out the growth of sympathy for Russia
in Central and Southern Europe, is no
less . eager to emphasize the bitterness
against the Anglo-Saxon countries now
prevalent in that country. There was
a tim*» not long ago when reference to
America always awoke a sympathetic
movement in the heart of Russians.
Popular imagination looked upon the
United States since Washington's time
as a natural adversary of Great Brit
ain, which country, since Emperor
Nicholas' attempt to win its friend
ship In 1S54 failed. It had been and still
la Russia's main political object to
overthrow. It has been left to events
immediately preceding the outbreak of
the present war to effect a change
which, whatever may be the result of
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
s THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
• 5.^a"'a^ e 1f,li mtn ChUdrea, Sito bSSS. DtSSa^
© str^?i S w.« 4 Trouble., Sheua*tlim, Kay Prrer. icst
g Streajth, Blood Dlsetaes and all forma cf JUrvoua and Chronic Sissasea.
| Dfp?RT M 3NT FOR MEN ONLY!
g WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
'2 n^rf , r °X7 b°^ SnoXX: ** W8 ><1U flrSt "« ttien a3 " *
tMs-slpattun or ccntaelon. YOU ARE THK ., HEASOXABLE FEE when ' you are
2 yiP 1 ** PERSON WE WANT TO TALK cured; y O u can depend upon our word:
A \Ve have proven" our. .kill In curing "^""^ of. patients have indorsed u,.
2 Chronic Diseases by publishing the many NOV "' WE WANT To CL ' RE YOU with
_ voluntary testimonial* from home people. the distinct understanding that we will
• WEL-A VT* pi-b C m« nSi •??"«»■ not denmnd a FKE until we cure you.
1\L CAN T a J^?"*«H.OCR CCIIES IN ThU applies to STRENGTH. Or-
2 Recant i»%^i^'^ l!sEASES '- g * nic Weakness. Varicocele. D1*m»*s of
• ' h!S!£ w» V.m W b * tra 5 r confidence. ihe Prostate Gland Contracted Dlsor-
• claw ■«?'±2 I J^° Prove our skill In thi, ders. Stricture, etc: Contaglou. Bl^d
•3 Is "rplan^ another way. This Poison and all WEAKNESSES of men.
2 have^ev^seen' r CUUy °?, CUr ft« ~^*$^^&"^*&o* U «i wb.
$ vfee 'tiS frJJ .vmL^™^ 1 r If J you * re »«»lcted anA cannot call, write us for ad-
P . free of chSe P * and We mU ! KladJy a<lvl3e y° u "Karelins your caie..
#•10 to^llr 1}0U ™ : ° *" m " to4:St> P- m.; evenlnss. B:CO to 8: Sundays and holidays.'
% DBS. SHORES 5 SHORES, Expert Specialists, .^^5K. T cS r -
ffalo Courier.
well. an4 I know that anoth-r month** treat-
ment will entirely curt me. I hav« gained in
(lesb wonderfully and think there Is no treat-
nient on earth which can compare with It, \ou
may u«e tills letter in any way you choose,
and hope it will bj the means of brlngirs oth-
ers to you."
K. A. Walten. **iney. Mo. : # I was afflict-l
with paralysis for over four years nn.i was
treated hy different magnetic heaiers anJ other
doctors ami xot no relief. I think your treat-
ment is .nore than you claim. They, all say it
was like bringing the dead to life to be re-
stored to health In »u'h a short time. I can-
not praise you enough."
Doctors have sought out and brought the
very worst cases in the country to Prof. Ailkir.
thinking they might baffle him. but they hav»
icona away convinced that he U3es some invisi-
ble power or force unknown to thsm. They
cannot explain the phenomena. Prof. Adkin
Is quite wealthy. He lives in a fine home in
an aristocratic section of the city. He has a
number of businejM interests, but devotes most
of his time to healing the sick. He offer.* a
certain amount of help to any one without
mon^y or price. All ycu need to do is to call
o»i hini or write him. If you write, state ih»
leading symptoms of your trouble, your ag*
ami f\. and he will write you fully In regard
to the nature of your dissase. the length of
time required to effect a cure. etc.. and t*ll
you the exact treatment for your particular
rtmiptatBt, Prof. Adkin takes an Intense de-
light In curias cases that doctors have given
up to die.
He lisdalns the use of Christian Science, os-
teopathy, faith healir-jj or «1ruRs. He clatin3
' his mrthod Is scientific In the highest degree,
althrush the scientists so far have been utterly
unablr to comprehend It. One thing is sure.
and that Is he has some mysterious knowledge.
' ascent or prootss by which he restores health
to peoile in the very last stages of usually fa-
tal -lis^as^o. Over twenty doctors have tak»n
• Dp the *tudy of his methods. Some are stay-
ins ric!u with him and daily witness the n«
I markatle euros he performs. Nearly every
, train bring* Invalids to bo healed by h-.s power.
I U«* gc.s an enormous m<i!l from persons in
I nearly all ports cf the globe. The most my*-
I terious thing about his whole work is his ahil!-
■I (y tn heal at a distance, but there is no lack
I of proof that he Joes heal those •thousands of
I miles away the same as thosi* who -rail per«on-
j ally. This would seem to prova beyond doubt
I that thought, will power or some mysterious.
I int.-mglble fore? .an be s»m through space the
I Fame as we are n>>w aWe to telegraph without
|. wires: but how this force- takes .hold and
quickly rids the body of material disease is
j totally inexplloab>. In some cases Piof. .VI-
L !i£n sends- a peculiar magnetized, food product
! in concentrated form, which, he claim*, imme-
diately revitalizes the whole «yst*m. What
■ his ■ f nod product is. how hff makes it. or
charges it with magnetic fluid, is his secret.
Doctors and scientists are vainly puzzling their
brains trying to discover It. Those who are
*!ck and would like to be healml m*y com-
municate with ProC- Adkin by addressing him
as follows: Thomas F. Adkin. box 54K. Roches-
ter. N. Y. Rich and poor alike receive th«
| same courtesy. He his an extremely affabl"
1 manner, but is intensely earnest in everything
' he d»?s' leading business* m-?n and bankers
• spcafe very highly of Him and some say that
j hr has done mere for the upbuilding cf the
' city than any other man in Rochester.
the struggle in the Far East, will leave
a very lasting impression. One would
have to be blind and deaf to ignore the
violence and spontaneity of the out
burst against the whole Anglo-Saxon
race.
The Russian public will ever believe
that Japan, with all its self-confldcnco,
would not have dared to resist the
great white Czar had it not been for
the /British alliance. Even the think
ing people of the unofficial classes are
convinced that this treaty, if not th*
immediate cause of hostilities, had an
evil influence in Tokio. In the press
and in society the belief is general that
the Japanese would have thought twice
before entering a struggle of which the
end no one can foresee had they not
felt supported by the Russophobia evi
denced by every English and American
newspaper.
To sum up. it is thought, not only
among the people, but in Government
circles, that Japan is an open enemy
and the Anglo-Saxons are the secret
agitators.
War News Continued on Page 25.
Fulling Wnll Kills Workmen.
BALTIMORE, Feb. 27.— Two work
men were killed and nine injured this
afternoon by a falling wall in the
burned district. Twelve men were
caught in the crash.
GUANTAXASIO. Cuba. Feb. 27.— The dis
patch-boat Mayflower with Admiral Dowey on
board, has arrived here. The-. United States
warships arc . engaging in target practice at
night in Uu.intar.amo Bay.DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
Have "e^es bigger than tHHr stomachs,"
according to an eld sayieg. They over-
cat themselves, and are tempted by all
«>rts of injurious and indigestible edi-
bles. As a consequence the foundation
of serious stomach trouble is often laid
in childhood.
For children vntli « weak" digestion or
Jhose stomachs are diseased, Doctor
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery may
be confidently recommended. It cures
diseases of the stomach and other organs
of digestion and nutrition, so that the
nourishment contained in food is per-
fectly assimilated and the puny child is
built up by food into a condition of
robust health.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
contains neither alcohol nor narcotics.
Accept no cubstitute for « Golden Med-
ical Discovery.'' There is nothing w just
«s good " for diseases of the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
_? £r »- EH* Gardner, of Waterview, Middlesex
°V v *r . w P t e« : "My little daughter is enjoying
•plcnaid health, I eta s'.ad f found a doctor
* ao could care mv child. Whenever she feels
Mfily I give her Dr. Pierce* Golden Medical
Discovery and the is soca all rizfat. She took
twelre bottles of the 'Golden Medical Dtscov-
«ry.' esrht bottles of ' relicts, • and oae bottle of
«f I>r. Ssgtr-s Catarrh Rraedv and she is well.
» e thank God for your aedidae."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one<ent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Bufialo, N. Y.
RELIGION OF THE CENTURY
WILL BE THEIR TOPIC
Ministers of tlie Different Denomina
tlons to Unite in a "Fifth Mon
day" Meeting;.
The ministers of San FranciBco will
hold the second of their union "fifth-
Monday" meetings in the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium to
morrow at 11:30 a. m. The Baptist Min
isterial Union will be the host. Reports
from the various denominations will be
given by representatives of each. Rev.
Flora T. Thompson will speak of the
proposed divorce of saloon and busi
ness. The address of the morning will
be delivered by Rev. H. J. Vosburgh,
pastor of the First Baptist Church of
Oakland, en "Twentieth Century Re
ligion."
Discussion will be opened by Rev. I.
C. Meserve. D. D.. of the Plymouth
Congregational Church of this city,
followed by Rev. J. M. McElhinney of
:he Mount Holly Presbyterian Church.
After the sreneral discussion the mem
bers will adjourn to a luncheon at a
downtown restaurant, where Rev. Rob
ert Whi taker of the Twtney-third-ave
iiue Baptist Church of Oakland v. ill be
the toartmarter.
rtej nolds Ht-Id.
Thomas F. Reynolds was held yes
terday by United Suites Court Com
missioner Heacock to answer before the
<Jrand Jury for embezzling money from
letters he opened while in the position
of clerk in the postoffice at Redding.
His bail was set at 53000.
ADVZHTISEMENTS. j
Ten Days'
Free Treatment
Offered Men.
breat Parisian Method That
Cures Varicocele, Bladder and
Urinary Disorders, Without
Taking Medicine Into the
Stomach, and in Their Own j
Home. It Will Be Sent Every
Man Absolutely Free.
By a wonderful method, successfully used
;or years and now, for the first time, intro-
duced to the public, it is posiible for any man,
r.o matter how tad off. to quickly refrain the
vicor or jourg manhood without ta!:ir.jf any
medicine into the stomach, ar.d to prove that
TH E PARIS MEDICATED CBAYON.
PLEASANT. SOOTHING AND HCAUNO.
it wilt «:o thi* they ofl>r a tall Tin Days'
TriaJ Treatment absoiute:y free to every man
■cadlnx name and address to £>r. fctcven* &
Co 'boi; KOT. Cciumbus. Ohio. Tou apply U
locally 10 the eeat of, the trouble, and it
ou'ckJy finds Us way to the desJred spot en-
Ui^.hk thfc muicUf. lncrciusins the nerve lorje.
«nJ «1 win*.- th« necfistary vim and ouerry. The
* orlu of science iuv* -^rdicine thoroughly ln-
CO jTc-u'^« in wonU»rfu!ly <juick time, in ycur
uwa home. Io*t vitality, emaciation, prema-
lumv \aricoocW Btricture. unnatural irrita-
I'on *ar.d en'ursfnx-nt of the prostate «Und.
end jdt bladder and urinary disorder* of men.
11 is th*- fjti'.y Kiethod known to science that
»P1 fli-trl r y the iKKjy. rout wastfnB diseasek.
crPiit< vijror warmtlt and lorce. and nil thl»
withou* medicine taten into the Momach. If
otberfc tell you nothlns can be done for you,
tht* will surely cure you.
Writ" to I">r. Stevcnv & Co.. Columbus, Ohio.
bo- 1707. They ofl>r Ten Pays' Trial Treat-
m#.nt absolutely mt to every man. It U no
"p4scT-.pt ton." -deposit." cr "C. O. D."
«. hem* as this firni is too larye to resort to
1 ' h p*.tty wave. In addition to the absolutely
fre-f trial treatment. lii*y »«nd the moA com-
riete licok ever written on the Diseases of Men.
tilllii-' aJI. anJ fully lUuKtrated, with forty -«n-
iravln?* irom life. Everything is confidential
in<j perfectly plain, and Blnce they merely
afk vou to inquire what they have pot that
cure you. we trust every rentlemaa reader
of' thi* paper will wHte them at once n» above,
and thns irrt the Ten Da f«* Trial Treatment
*ed buck, both absoluteljr free.
ALEXIEFF DETAILS THE FIGHTING AT PORT ARTHUR;
GALLANTRY OF JAPANESE WHO EMULATED HOBSON
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 27.— The
Czar has received the following from
Viceroy Alexieff. dated Port Arthur.
February 26:
"After the moon had set early in
the morning of February 25," the Ret
vizan repelled several attacks by the
enemy's torpedo-boats, two of which
are believed to have been sunk in the
open sea. Our torpedo-boats, under
Captain of the First Rank Matuszvich
and Captain of the Second Rank
Prince Lieven. unsupported, encoun
tered and pursued the enemy's tor
pedo-boat flotilla. They sighted no
large warships.
"Later in the morning of February
25 the cruisers Bayan, Diana, Askold
and Novik v.ere sent out to prevent
the Japanese cruisers from pursuing a
portion of our returning torpedo-boat
flotilla. One of our torpedo-boats,
which was cut off by four Japanese
cruisers, sought shelter in Dove Bay.
It had no casualties.
"The Japanese fleet, on sighting our
cruisers, came in closer to the forts,
which, together with our warships,
opened fire at 10:50 o'clock. Our
cruisers, still firing, entered the har
bor, which our torpedo-boats had al
ready safely reached.
"The enemy's shells,- for the most
part, fell short. One seaman was
wounded, but we sustained no other
losses.
"The Japanese fleet consisted of
seventeen large warships and eight
torpedo-boats, whereas the squadron
which attempted to block the entrance
to Port Arthur on the previous day
had twelve torpedo-boats."
SHEIiLS FAIiL. IN FORTRESS.
The Port Arthur correspondent of
the Rues telegraphs as follows:
"On the morning of February 25 a
Japanese squadron consisting of six
battleships and four light cruisers ap
peared on the horizon. The Russian
cruisers Askold. Bayan and Novik
were in the outer harbor. The Jap
anese ships, upon attaining a position
within thirty-five cable lengths (about
four and a quarter miles) of the Rus
sian ships opened an attack. At this
time two of our torpedo-boats were re
turning to our ships from Pigeon Bay.
All the Japanese cruisers attempted
to cut them off. Nevertheless one of
the torpedo-boats succeeded in reach
ing Port Arthur, while the other turn
ed back. The scene of .the battle was
thus cut in two, the Japanese battle
ships cannonading the Askold, Bayan
and Xovik. which were supported by
the batteries, and the cruisers pur
suing the Russian torpedo-boat, which
entered Pigeon Bay.
'•The cannonade lasted forty min
utes, ard several shells fell at various
points in the fortress. One Chinese
was mortally wounded by a splinter
and another by a shell.
"In yesterday's affair the maneuvers
of the Japanese appeared to be defect
ive. While turning back to sea the
Japanese battleships got bunched, and
our ships did not fall to take advan
tage of this fact. They opened a run
ning fire, and one could plainly see
shells bursting amid the tremendous
target. This clumsy maneuver on the
part of the Japanese is considered as
affording weighty reasons for the be
lief that the enemy's losses were
heavy.
"A Jnpanese torpedo-boat lies on a
bank of? Port White Wolf. It is ap
parently one of those which partici
pated in the night attack with the
freighters."
TROOP CARS FOR SIBERIA.
Two thousand cars from the Russian
European system especially fitted for
the transportation of troops are being
sent to the Siberian line.
Alexandrovsky, who is to take
charge of the Red Cross field work in
the Far East, left for the front to
day.
The Xovoe Vremya says the Slav
pro-Russian demonstrations indicate
the willingness of the Slavs to come
under the Russian standard, adding:
"Their hesitation would finally be
overcome if Russia would be less un
compromising on the questions of or
thodoxy and autocracy, as the Slavs
enjoy constitutional government and
in many cases do not belong to the
Greek church."
The Xovoe Vremya herpes the pan-
Slavist Union will settle the near
East question once for all in favor of
Russia's aspirations.
Prince Arsene Kiirageorgevitch
(brother of the King of Seryia) has
been gazetted a captain of trans-
Baikal Cossacks.
The desperate manner in which the
Japanese are returning to the attack
in Port Arthur, in spite of their re
pealed repulses, has convinced the
military authorities that their main
objective for the present is to hope
lessly cripple the Russian fleet, in or
j d<?r to secure absolute freedom in the
disembarkation of troox>s. For this
reason the Russian commander " is
carefully guarding against exposing
his ships, keeping them in the harbor
under the guns of the fortifications..
A doubt exists as to whether^. the
Japanese really design to land near
; Port Arthur, and invest the city. The
I authorities admit that they are con
siderably mystified, but the prevailing
opinion seems to be that the Japanese
will not hazard a landing at this stage
■ot the campaign.
POOR LANDING PLACES. '";
It is pointed out that owing to the
conformation of the shores the only
suitable landing places near Port Ar>
thur are well within the range of the
batteries, and that if a landing is at
tempted on the northern part of the
peninsula the Japanese transports will
be unable to come to land, and that. on
account of the shelving shore the troops
would^ have to march miles through
mud and low water exposed to a gall
ing off-shore fire.
The Ministry of Finance, it is said,
has .again declined firmly the offers of '■
several groups of leading foreign banks
to float a Russian loan on the ground
that there is no need for adopting such
a course.
According to a telegram received
from the commander of the Russian
cruiser Askold at Port Arthur all ru
mors regarding th'e sinking of his ves
sel are false. The commander adds
that the Askold is quite sound.
Count Leo Tolstoi has contributed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 1904.
Russians Fail to Fathom Intentions
of the Foe.
1000 sets of his works the profit from
the sale of which Is to be expended for
the benefit of the troops taking part in
the campaign in the Far East.
AMBBICAN CONSUL
WILL NOT PROCEED
TO DALNY AT ONCE
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— The ,or
ders of Edward V. Morgan, appointed
and confirmed as American Consul at
Dalny, to proceed to that post have
been suspended. Morgan will not pro
ceed until he has received further or
ders from the department: There is
no present intention of trying to force
Morgan upon the Russian Govern
ment.
The State Department recognizes
the right of any Government to with
hold an exequatur, by warrant of
which the Consul is authorized to exer
cise his functions, and if another
Government does not feel that a Con
sul located in one of its ports facili
tates commerce there is no disposition
to make an issue on that point.
No change has been made in the or
ders to Cheshire and Davidson, who
have been named as Consuls at Muk
den and Antung, respectively, and are
about to sail in a day or two from
San Francisco for the East.
MURAVIEFF'S SPEECH
AT THE HAGUE STIRS
THE IRE OF JAPAN
THE HAGUE, Feb. 27.— Mitsuhashi
Noboukata, the Japanese Minister here,
has been instructed by his Government
to lodge a protest with the president
of the council of the permanent court
of arbitration against hte language
used by Muravieff, president of'the ar
bitration tribunal and Russian Minister
of Justice, in a speech he made after
announcing the tribunal's decision in
favor of the blockading powers as
against Venezuela.
It is expected in diplomatic circles
that the only result of the Japanese
protest will be that a copy of the com
plaint will be sent to the powers repre
sented before the arbitration tribunal.
Mura.vieff in the course of his re
marks said the findings of the tribunal
had been reached after a most minute
and most impartial investigation.. Like
all human acts, the decision was sus
ceptible of criticism, but now that it
was made every one should accept it.
The arbitration, begun in times of
peace, had ended amid the sinister acts
of war, which was a terrible obstacle
in the path of light and progress. In
, ' ADVERTISEMENT!
M ™ ■ ■■—■■■ !■■■— .— ■■■!■ I ■■ ■■ ■■■« I ■— i- — '■ !■■■■■■«■■ ,. — 1^— _ , „„ , ■ II ■ — - III IP- — ,!■-. ■ II i ■ ■-■■■-...-. . ,■ in . ■ . ■-. . .-^^— — — i^S— — — B»— — — — ,»
• it • i ' '■ " ' •"•^•*-"t'***Ari*K ****** v**- *•**-*"-"**«••• < * . *^A^yft! i^6t^BBsssp^sj[ssftssw»»fiiisss^Bs^wBil«sssPrn3sw '•"•*^.* ***,*•" ■•• *****^^|BeSESbsis^bsssI * *^**" '"*"- ~"^-^ "'---. 30*33j5!jh52j»s 8!S?*S33iE3i3P
spite of all good will, alas, no one was
secure against an unexpected hostile
attack. A nation was obliged to accept
a war when the legitimate defense" of
honor and liberty was involved. The
just providence which ruled over bat
tles would distinguish between right
and unfounded pretensions. At the end
of this war between a European and
an Asiatic people the right, he con
cluded, would shine out afresh.
JAPANESE OFFICERS
AND SAILORS. REACH
CHEFU IN OPEN BOAT
CHEFU, Feb. 27. — Several Japanese
officers and sailors who landed here
from an open boat early to-day re
fused to give any information \ as to
where they came from. At the Japanese
consulate It was given out that they
belonged to a gunboat which was dam
aged during the fight off Port Arthur
and which -sank trying to reach this
port. _
The statement that they were, mem
bers of the crews of the merchant
steamships sunk near the entrance of
Port Arthur during the attempt to
blockade the channel and that they
were not picked up by the torpedo
boats was positively denied. They
crossed the gulf in the open boat in
which they arrived. The Consul
claimed that he had been expecting
the arrival of survivors of the action
off Port Arthur.
CRUISER VICKSBURG
GAVE AID TO CREW
OF THE VARIAG
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27. — The text
of the message to the Navy Depart
ment from Commander Marshall of
the Vicksburg is as follows:
"Took the initiative by sending med
ical assistance to the Variag as soon as
possible after learning that they were
abandoning the vessel. Sent four
boats and assisted taking off the Rus
sian sailors, putting them on board
the British and Italian vessels. The
Variag remained afloat over five hours,
filling slowly. Our boats were in
structed not to bring the Russian sail
ors to the Vicksburg, offering the
Zafiro temporarily, but the offer was
declined."
Russians Search British Steamship.
ISLAND OF PERIM. Red Sea, Feb.
27. — The British steamship Benalder
(Captain. Mclntosh), which sailed from
London on February 6 for Yokohama,
passed here this afternoon and^ sig
naled that she was- stopped and
searched by a Russian" warship in'Jttie
Red Sea.
• TOKIO, Feb. 27. — The official report
of the naval officers who attempted to
block the entrance to the harbor of
Port Arthur on the morning of Febru
ary 24 differs in s6me"respects from
the accounts already printed. . From
this report it appears that'the Russian
searchlights discovered the approach
of the five Japanese steamships before
they had reached the point where it
was proposed to sink them and that
the Russian guns disabled three of the
five.* Another new feature is that a
portion of the crews of the sunken
steamships were, not picked up until
the afternoon of the 24th. The report
of the officers in substance is as fol
lows:
Five vessels intended to obstruct the
entrance to Port Arthur advanced
about 4 o'clock on the morning of the
24th from the southward through the
Lao Thie Shan channel toward the
mouth of the port. It appears that
the Tenshin Maru, which was in the
van, was steered too far to port, and
when she was about three miles to the
southwest of shore was hit and se
riously damaged. She was run on the
shoals intentionally.
The other steamships, which were in
her wake, changed their course to the
northeast and advanced, but the ene
my's searchlights flashing upon them
impeded their progress.
SECOND VESSEL. DISABLED.
The enemy's fire first struck the
steering gear of the Bushiu Maru, dis
abling her. She grounded near the
Tenshin Maru and after striking her
officers destroyed her and she sank.
Next the Buyo Maru was . seriously
damaged by the enemy's shells and she
sank before reaching the harbor en
trance.
In the meanwhile the Hokoku Maru
and the Jinsen Maru had advanced
with great energy and had reached the
entrance to the harbor with consid
erable difficulty. The Hokoku Maru
was on the outer side of the stranded
Russian battleship Retvizan and the
Jinsen Maru on the eastern side of the
Retvizan. The crews of each lighted
explosives to destroy the merchant
man, and after giving loud cheers got
into their small b6ats.
When they found their vessels sink
ing the crews "endeavored to row to
the Japanese torpedo boats, ' which
were ready to pick them up, but the
Russian searchlights lit up their path
and the Russian fire became very se
vere. The crews in their small boats
were compelled to row around under
cover and they were unable to reach
the torpedo boats. •
The sea became heavier at sunrise
and 1 the- crews suffered great hard
ship. They finally succeeded in reach
ing the Japanese squadron at 3 o'clock
in the afternoon of the same day.
MAXXED BY XAVAI/ CREWS.
Naval officers commanded and jackies
manned the five steamships.-
crews volunteei-ed for the dangerous
undertaking:, but . their services were
not accepted/ Admiral Togo deciding
to intrust the perilous mission only to
the navy. The naval officers who com-
WARNEB'S REMEDIES.
lilriFiapEYF
cause backache:
"Six Months Ago No One Thought I Could Live, I Had Kidney
Trouble So Badly. By Back Ached Incessantly. But
WARNER'S SAFE CURB
Has Entirely Cured Me and I Never Felt Better in My Life."—
. . Says.iMrs. Sarah Summa, Corstcana, Texas.
»«wEB&k . Mrs. Summa owes her llf© to tha . f*rt
jjjflWBJEffgSlBL^^ that her husband insisted shs should try
|S^SJ^^^^^^S^^^ Safe Cure after doctors had siven her up
: _1HHKllB^Hi*»I^W|aHfl^» to die. She tells her own story:
wSSSg W%/ ~ "^WfiBySb "I wish I knew how to thank you for
fi§8J§jf ' §§2ggagig^ what your wonderful 'Sate Cure* has dons
ggfffly ' r - | — Jr^SS&EEBv ' * or mo - * would not t>* alive to-<Say had I
TBeBtf 2*P »^5$5»S not tak ?n ". fo " th « doctors said they could
» #_*A "My limbs, from th» kneea down. wer«
M "KP^^r badly bloated and quite painful. I was ner-
\ *"**3KN3lf vous and my b\ck ached so Incessantly
\ ***8&3 that I used to cry a11 day - l U!t P lcked **■
\k • my f° od ai * d W3S terribly thin, and had
t^fViaffflrS rinjrlnjf In my eirs. I sav- up hope of ever
.jSgBSBfrlSigNfJi. r-r***** De ' n S well again and prepared for the end.
J Sf*)*^>jS&&i3z£!l&mBS3f?B&nr]fo • "Put my husband heard of such wond«r-
X^-tgg&j&RjflsBBgBmMfi i2g4f/// ful cures by 'Safe Cure' that h> bought m*
' /rWwfM&yEfrmxTS&fflftfyf first w * ?k thcre was a change for the b«t-
1r////'B&&&'Wfflf%&\fiml\ V l * T - T ke P l on taking them and was soon a
i''//&ettWffl/r/i-M&mw!w 'SiASt wel1 - strong. Wealthy woman agraln. without
1 '^PW^ff^/^n^ilh^ a trace of Sidney trouble. Oh. I am .«,->
1 mnwff*//'s\EB il I* grateful, and urse everyone who has kld-
■ \ •» ™ W I "^ ney tfoub 1 ® to do as I dld — take Safe Cura
*■ * * and be cured." • SARAH SUMMA.
We have thousands of just such lettters from men and women who have, beea
eured by Safe Cure after everything else had failed.
The serious fact about kidney disease la that it has generally reached an ad-
vanced stajre before it is recognized as kidney trouble. 'Backache, rheumatism,
headache, disordered stomach, bad complexion.- "female complaints." skta trou-
bles, cloudy urine, are all sure signs of kidney disease.
TCOT VHlin I/iniirVO It's a duty you owe to your family and frisnd*
I LU I TUUn MUnhYd t0 well and live long. Just let a littla
IUIjl1 : IUUM " IU ' 1L>IU morning urine stand;in a tumbler for 24 hours.
If It becomes cloudy, particles float about in it. or a reddish brick-dust sediment
forms, your kidneys have been diseased for a long time, and if not attended to at
once. Brlght's disease, diabetes and blood poisoning will set In and death quickly
follow.
CURES KIDNEV AND BLADDER DISEASES
Get a bottle of "Safe Cure" without delay. It's the only remedy that will curs
jou and leave no bad after effects. It has been prescribed by doctors and used in
hospitals for fifty years as the only safe, positive cure for all diseases of th«
kidneys, bladder, liver and blood. It not only cures but keeps you strong and
healthy. ' • • • • -
Safe Cure Is made of pure herbs and contains no dangerous drugs. It not only
cures the kidneys, but tones up and strengthens the whole body, enabling every
organ to do its work in a natural, healthy manner. Sold by all druggists, or di-
rect. 50c and }1 a bottle.
Bewara of Sangerona Sabrtltutes and' imitations. ' Insist upon "Warner's Safa
Our*. It will Cure Too.
If there is anything about your health or the health of your family that you
do not understand, or that causes you worry, write fully and in confidence to our
doctors : for free advice and counsel. Medical book free. Address 'Warner's Safa
Cure Co.. Rochester, X. T.
SAFE PILLS move the bowels gently and aid a speedy cure.
mantled the five merchantmen were
Commander Ryoketsu Arima, Lieuten
ant Commander Taker Hirose,'Lieuten
ant Shichigoro Saito. Lieutenant Yosh
ita Masaki arid Sub-lieutenant Yasuzo
Totfsaki. Chief Engineers Daizo, Ya
maga, Tomitaro, . Kurita, . Yasuo . and
Minamisawa and Assistant Engineers
Chikanon. Ohlshi, Masando and ■ Sugi
handled the five engines.
There were ten officers and sixty-sev
en sailors in the five crews. All volun
teered for the service. They bade fare
well to their comrades when they set
out on their mission, as each one ex
pected to die under the fire of the bat
teries of the enemy. The rescue of the
entire crew surprised even the Japa
nese, who expected that a majority of
the daring seamen would be killed.
Japan is* ringing with praises of ths
volunteer crews that participated in the
dangerous work. It is expected that
the Emperor will publicly thank them
and present them with medals in com
memoration of the act. Assistant En
gineer Ohishi is a son of the leader of
the Progressive party.
It is understood that Admiral Togo's
main fleet is still in the vicinity of Port
Arthur, and it is expected that it will
continue bombarding the place until it
is either untenable or until the Russian
fleet is destroyed.
Battlship Wisconsin Holds Record.
MANILA. Feb. 27.— The battleship
Wisconsin has beaten the world's rec
ord with 13-inch guns. Its expert gun
ners having made nine bullseyes out
of ten shots fired within ten mirtutes.
Americans Bid for Chilean Ships.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Feb. 27. —
Great interest is being manifested in
the sale of the Chilean warships now
on the market. Several bids have
already been made and American and
French firms are interested.
DENVER. Feb. 27.— William E. Malon*.
saloon-keeper, horseman and politician, win
was shot last Tuesday night by City Detective
.Samuel Emrtch. died to-day from his wound.
The ahootinsr occurred when Malon» was at
tempting to eject Emrlch. who was creatins
a disturbance, frcm bis saloon.
2526
AJDVEBTIBEMENTS. ■ ■
...BARGAINS IN NEW SPRING GOODS...
\ few specials selected from the various departments with a view
lo interesting you in what we have that's new. The prices, as you
will note, are reduced— a rather unusual proceeding in the besrinnins:
of thc season — but we want a lively week.
Dress Goods Department.
A Few New Lines at $1.00 Yard.
43-inch Chiffon Voile; soft and silky; all colors, including cream
and black. . ..11
S2-inch Tan Milton Cloths: for tailor suits: all colors and black.
48-ir.ch Fancy Hopsack and Mixed Tweed Suitings; neat weaves.
52-inch Bristol Cheviot; all wool; cream, navy and black.
A Few New Lines at 50c Yard.
57-inch Voile Etamine; all wool; all the latest shades; also cream
and black. ' . .
38-inch Silk Knob Cheviots; all wool; mostly tans and grays
and browns shot with red.
«;2-inch Iron Frame Alpacas; for shirt waist suits; colors and black.
38-inch Chiffon Batiste; soft and sheer; street and evening shades;
" EXTRA SPECIAL
We hare two cases of French dailies in neat rosebud, floral and
small figure designs, with silk stripe effects; fast colors, suitable for
summer waists, children's dresses, tea gowns, etc. These goods are
worth 50c and 6oc 5 yard. We offer them special for on '^^Q
day at
SilK Department.
Briefly stated the following are the attractions for the coming
week:
24-Inch SilK Embroidered Pongees.
They are regular $1.00 values, and will be offered this week 7f«
for
27-Inch Plain and Figured Pongees.
Splendid goods will be offered special for this week at.... ZQq
36-Inch "Black 'Taffeta.
Pure finish, worth at least $1.50 a yard. Special <j*j QQ
Cloak and Svif Department.
Only two items from the many new things we have to offer:
$25.00 Suit, $18.00.
Tailor-made Voile Suit, with cape trimmed with fancy mixed
braid and bands of silk. The skirt is full o-gore fl ar e, fancy trimmed,
with yoke around the top. Colors black, navy and SI 8.00
brown. Special price •••••••• * i
$350 India SilK Waists, $2.75.
White India Silk Waists, tucked front and back and trimmed
with lace insertion; new style full pouch sleeve. Special $2.75
price
Rope Portieres, $1.35.
A new line of Rope Portieres, suitable for single and double doors,
folid colors and combinations in beautiful colorings. Splen- <£i 3C
did v^ue at $2.$o. Special price *pi.tJts
Rain Is Falling at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 27. — A warm,
gentle rain fell here this afternoon and
evening, measuring .30 at 9 p. m. The
storm la not yet ended.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DO YOU NEED
FURNITURE,
CARPETS^ STOVES
The only place in the city
where you really can get
low prices is at our store.
Why? We pay no rent; we
discount all our bills; we are
not members of any combine,
you get the benefit. The fact of
our having hundreds of cus-
tomers on our books to-day
who have been buying of us
steadily for thc past twenty-
two years testifies that our
prices are right.
"LItllcat-a-tlirc Payments "
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO-
1017-1023 Mission St..
Above Sixth.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat,
4HUSEUH OF ANATOMY'
(; Q) ::r.mn::T.tii.e^*7ii,s.r.cii. (
. Xf 7 hc Largest Aaateaucal Muteusi in ttw
Q B^fbfc World. Vveikr.M'ek « n.y contracted 1 I
i, t&S JS} <!>»«»« p«»»t«»»ly rarMlbytt. eldeit '
O #fi S I ! >P«««lutcB ibeCeu:. E»t- j» y «tt. < I
0 6jj££e DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
j. JtiWjn ConMiluuon fret ithI itri'tiy private.
G I UvN Tre»m:e«t j:tr»or.»liy or by letter. A i
\ fi If Tl V " MltiwCW «'»«»«rye»»«u»dCTUkMi." '
Aril v Yv rncfor Book. rBiL.e«orav«r A
Y • JJ » a&Hausi, mailed r*EK. (a.¥
A It It *•'<■•*■•* bock tBt w»r.) \
V OB JUDDASACO., ICil Market «t..S. P. V
. . — — — -^ — _ . — i
ASTHMANOLA
is the only cure for Nervons and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your DrutftUt or at r.:»s HA1GHT ST.,
b'tn FYancisco, Cal.
— _
8aef way's
53 ■ B I fc^Tyk
Purely veretible, tnild and reliable. *Cau»s
perfect disestiori. complete absorption and
healthful regularity. • •
For the cure of all dlitorders of the gtomach.
Liver. Bowels. KI4neyc. Bladder. Female ■ Ir-
r»s-Jlar)Ues. Pick Headitche. Billoucnees, Con-
ti'.i at!- n, files and ali derangements of the
Ir.urrsl Vlzcera- 2tc a box. At drucfists* or-
tor jnalL RAD WAT & CO./ New Tork.
STOCKTON" IS STILL. SAFE
Xo Immediate Danger of City Being
Hooded Is Anticipated. •
STOCKTON, Feb. 27.— It is not be
lieved late to-night that this city
stands in any immediate danger from
flooding. While the San Joaquin River
and th» channels Jn and about Stock
ton are running bank full and very
near to the danger point, It is thought
that there will be a slight fall, by
morning unless an unexpected amount
of water should come out of the foot
hills. - In the mountains east of this
city the rain has been very heavy., A
full two inches "of water ■ fell
at Sonora last night. The storm
softened the Sierra Railroad's
roadbed in several places and
to avoid every possible accident no
trains were run over the Angels
branch to-day. The Calaveras River
and Mormon Slough are reported to be
rising above Linden, but in this city
Mormon Slough was falling slowly and
running sluggish.
Owners of reclaimed lands on the
islands are naturally in a state of agi
tation, but so far no reports have come
of broken levees, but at several points
danger is being guarded against by
strengthening the embankments. The
Mokelumne is stilh booming and Is
flooding the northern part of the coun
ty, but it is now thought that the
highest point has been reached.
Although showers have been fre
quent during the last few days the
rain was so light that the total for
Thursday and Friday, and up to this
morning, amounted to only .36 of an
inch. At S:30 a. m. to-day the total
for the month was 4.02 and for the sea
son to date 8.40 as against 6.84 for th«
corresponding period last season. It
is the rains in the mountains that ren
der the situation uncertain. Their full
force is sometimes not felt here till
forty-eight hours after the storm. The
San Joaquin is carrying the volume
well so far', and while this continues
there is no danger of backwater, in
Stockton channels. To-night all of the
streams in the city have full two and a
half feet or more between them and
the street grades.'
HEAVY RAI.V AT BAKERSFIELD.
Farmers and Stockmen Are Rejoicing
and Outlook Is Excellent.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 27. — The
hardest downpour of the season visited
Bakersneld and Kern County this af
ternoon. A slight shower came early
this morning, just enough to wet the
ground. At 2, o'clock it began to rain
hard and continued all the afternoon
and evening. At this writing the out
look is that it will continue all or, the
greater part of the night. The rain
Is general throughout the county. In
this city about an inch of rain has
fallen.
The rain will be of the greatest
benefit to farmers and stockmen. The
outlook 'for these interests is now ex
cellent. The ditches are full and there
is plenty of snow in the mountains to
Insure water for irrigation purposes.
Two Inches of Rain at Fresno.
FRESNO. Feb. 27.— The finest rain
of the season has visited this section
during the past twenty-four hours and
the farmers and fruit growers can
truly be. said to be jubilant. Light
showers fell during the early part of
last night and about midnight a steady
downpour began, continuing through
out the night and all day to-day, and
at this hour, 10:30 p." m., shows no
sign of abating. It is just the kind of
a storm needed to, do the country the
most good, .. a".warm. slow r constant
drizzle that Js soaking up the ground
thoroughly. The fall so far la 1.7
Inches and Is very likely to be 2
Inches before it ceases. Reports from
all over the county are that the down
pour has been^very timely and has
guaranteed fine crops from the grain
field* * - - •;■■ . :,;■•;. \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 1904.
RICH LANDS
ARE SWEPT
BY FLOODS
Continued from Page 21, Column 7.
Interference with railroad travel for
some days at least. Considerable
damage has been done below the dis
trict affected by the Edwards crevasse
by a break In a cross levee, letting the
water in upon probably 3000 acres of
reclaimed vegetable and fruit land.
In Reclamation District 535, where
the Edwards break occurred, the prin
cipal lands flooded are those of J. H.
and G. W. Cox, the Rancho del Rio,
owned by N. D. Rideout and others,
A. A., R. H. and R. Merkley, O. O.
Lovdal, L. U. Lincoln, C. Taft, E. R.
Edwards, H. Casey, B. W. Cavanaugh,
D. Flint and the Farmers* and Mechan
ics' Bank. '
In Reclamtion District 673, below
Oak Hill, the lands flooded by the cross
levee break include the property, of
Marlon J. Donnellan, Minnie Flint, J.
Sibley, J. F. Brown, the Sacramento
Transportation Company, f M. F. Sil
verla, Mary A. Nevis, Vehmeyer
Brothers, C. Baumgartel and numerous
others, mostly Portuguese.
KEEP WATCH OX THE LEVEE.
Coliisa Residents Are Guarding
Against Possible Break.
COLUSA, Feb. 21. — The Sacramen
to River at this place reached its
highest mark at midnight Friday,
when the gauge registered 27 feet
9% inches, the highest record pre
viously being February 28, 1891, when
It registered 27 feet 8% Inches. Much
uneasiness was felt at Colusa and all
along the river for miles as the water
gradually climbed higher and higher.
At the grangers' warehouse just below
town the water commenced to roll
over the levee top in several places
and a gang of men were immediately
put to work. They raised the low
places by using hundreds of earth
filled sacks. It Is estimated that fully
200 men patrolled the levee between
Colusa and Sycamore, a distance of
six miles, Friday night and this patrol
will be kept up until all danger is
passed.
On the east side, ten miles below
Colusa, three large and damaging
breaks occurred, the worst of which
was on Dr. Jacobs' place, from which
the water is rushing into district 70.
It is estimated that 300 acres of the
most choice Sutter County farming
land ■will be flooded.
Another large break occurred about
3 o'clock this morning on the Doty
place, two miles below Meridian, and
still another on the Sills place on the
Sutter County side, below Grimes.
These breaks relieved the strain on
the west' side and the farmers, whose
hopes ' were .nearly gone, are again
taking, courage and watching the weak
places with renewed energy.
Word reached. Colusa that James
Bradley has lost eighteen head of cat
tle and a few sheep, .. C. V. . Griffith
has sixteen head o£ cattle back in tho
Tuba bottpms somewhere thatag yet
have not been located. M. C. Lazier
has fifty head of cattle, and it is said
sixteen horses, wandering around in
the bottoms, provided they have not
succumbed to the flood.
The levee on the ranch of the late
Senator Boggs, fourteen miles above
Colusa, is In a very dangerous condi
tion. Part of it has been carried
away and a large force of men are tit
work building a cofferdam of sacks
and dirt around the break. On an
other part of this ranch there were
sixteen leaks within half a mile, most
ly caused by gophers.
The backwater from the Feather
River reached to within a few miles
of Princeton and- covered the farms
of Messrs. Steele, Armstrong and Mc-
Connell. Many families were com
pelled to move away from their flood
ed homes, leaving their stock on the
levee tops. Across the river from Co
lusa more than fifty head of horsea
and cattle can be seen On the levees,
•vyith the water only a few feet from
the top on either side. Several horses
and a number of sheep and hogs have
already perished in the floods , and
should the high water continue a few
days more the loss of stock will be
considerable. The farmers along the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AX UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
Has it ever been your unhappy lot to
be told by your physician that you
must go to a hospital to submit to an
operation? It bo, you remember with
what dread and shrinking you awaited
the day when you must endure the
knife. • -
The present day surgeon appears to
bfi possessed by .a mania for operating,
especially In cases of hemorrhoids or
piles, and while the greater number of
the profession do not recommend this
"last resort" unless they honestly be-
lieve it necessary, the fact remains
that much needless operating Is done,
and the patient put to much expense
and suffering— for what?
To obtain a possible temporary re-
lief; these words are used advisedly,
because In nine cases out of ten the
affliction' returns and the patient is
Just where he started from. Oftentimes
he could be cured much more simply
and easily by the use of such a remedy
as the Pyramid Pile Cure: this has
come to be recognized as the best rem-
edy on the market for the painful dis-
ease namtd. and the druggists now eel!
more of it than all ether pile remedies
combined. ', . »
The writer personally knows people
who were afflicted with the worst form
of bleeding and protruding piles and
who were permanently cured by th«
use of Pyramid Pile Cure. In every one.
of these cases the attending physician
had assured the sufferer that only by
an operation could. he rid* himself of
the disease: so much for the infallibil-
ity of the doctors.
' This remedy, which is sold by all
druggists at the low price of "fifty
cents, is in suppository form, is applied
directly to the parts affected, and per-
forms its' work Quietly- and painlessly.
The Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.,
will* matt free to f any address av book
telling all about piles or hemorrhoids,
their cause and cure. ■ . . . . \
A suggestion is offered that If the
reader is afflicted, or knows any one
who is. this book be sent for, as it will
be. found invaluable. ■'.: .-.
I Last week our guns of quality and price put ten thousand yards of carpet into J[
1 San Francisco alone. We found that we had hit the mark of carpet demand, and this i
I week well submerge the city. Our quality is the best there is, and our prices should 1
I bring you out in a thunder storm. If it rains, never mind it; it means good times. J
8 And there's plenty of comfort and warmth inhere. So come and take advantage of our
1 TT a rfcCOTira^/ niTfel lOOCI O A line of carpets nni lOOITI O A carpet that will last. Any number of patterns Jl
»BZlr P B~J^li€a raaClJ^^Bl 2^ whose quality r§B\iJ^^Fi to chooie from. Rich designs, small or large «
ff B MB LU I It I UllVyvLLU and/>^ i*3iVvVfl-«-V patterns on deep shaded grounds in *sa g. lr
a pattern are suitable to every room,and whose price is suitable to all pocket- i^i^ffc rec *s and greens, wood colors and light tans. The yard, sewed, linea Jj^ V ' H
i books. Two-tone re is and greens and tanr, the yard, sewed, lined and laid an j ....:... . jj
I |jBB TV! W f* O Ve cornered the mattings bsfore this war. It's B B A|S\B ETfl I A A In 2 ?*"* Mad * oi ** ) est § u i veil ff d A
8 I VS iJai llUlB*^ a corner nobody can touch. We make them i g I \J S 3 8 b8J VI cork and Hnsecd oil ' dam P P roof and du "=k« X)
X I T ■ ftt H B Bin \Jf V7 our i eac j er } a sma ii whohsale (?Tk 4"h VBjj mm l-lllV*»i-yiy«. .Don't fail to tee these coverings, yfl -^ ft
JK lots. 20-yard rolls, regular value $6.0} (figure it out) this ■?W^£ . J TV they are offers you should not miss. Linoleum, by th* square yard, l\j^ \p ||
ilfP-n fc/CTT /t A nrfeiClTjO Exquisite velvets. Soft, HZ VTITft A BD EHb 1 I tf> O SH €^ Every harmony in carpet J
1 VaTL WF 1 l»«ICB'^a" S 5^ HgMk. of lustrous rAgrfA Oa^USSalL^ F^ns, every d«ign you fg
H """" " ■"■" ■ m ■ B~» B VJ' colorings. Each ■« "■■ »» « ■■ *«■ ■^^ ■ «* '•^ <fc— ■*■■ could think of m\ m\ -^ . .T
% pattern a decision in choice. You will not find their equal. This j"fl JT is hera in this line of goods. Grounds of red, blue, green, lawn color R
week, the yard, sewed, lined and laid *"* **^ cr tan, with patterns of high ait. This week, sewed, lined and laid H
I Three thousand rolls of carpets on display.. Do you think you can find what you want? J
F.week, , -The Credit House" 233-235-237 Post Street Thisweek, . 1
|T" 75c The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast %Pl./5 «
river, feel very grateful to United
States Weather Observer M. Connell
of Red Bluff for the timely warning
sent out by him.
MAKYSVILLE ESCAPES FLOOD.
Levees Protect City, but Surrounding
Territory Suffers Some Damage.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 27.— While the
weather has hot exactly cleared, " no
rain has fallen to-day, and the Yuba
and Feather rivers are receding' rap
idly. The prospects to-night are for
clear weather, and the storm that has
raged for the past week with unabated
fury is thought to have spent itself.
With the reoedins waters business
has again rounded into form arid the
city of Marysvtllc has regained its
tranquil appearance. The alarm that
was felt when the flood water was at
its height has disappeared, and it is
proven that the city levee system Is one
of the' finest in the State. With the
water falling in the rivers the over
flowed lands' to' the north and south are
drained and in a few days will be high
and dry. It- is not .believed that the
land covered will be damaged to any
great extent, and in some , places the
overflow will prove of benefit.
Travel by wagon roads from all dis
tricts will be resumed in a- few days.
Train service over the mafn Oregon and
California line has been renewed. The
Orovllle branch line and the Knights
Landing road are still inundated. Re
ports from the neighborhood of Meri
dian, Sutter County, on- the Sacra,mento
River, say that three breaks have oc
curred in the levee soil th of that place
and much valuable land has been sub
merged. The damage to fridges is re
ported heavy. A large portion of Dis
trict No. 70 is flooded, and the condition
around Tudor has not Improved. The
water in the Tule is reported higher
: than ever before. Travel between this
city and Yuba City has been resumed,
although the street cars are not yet
creasing over. .Considerable water is
Ho>yinR through the breaks in the Linda
levee from the Yuba, and it will be
some time before it is repaired.
Most of the damage in Yuba County
has occurred in this section, and it is
impossible to estimate the amount. Thc
Yuba to-rilght registers seventeen feet
and is falling, as is also the Feather.
Some damage is reported from the
dredger site on the Yuba, and the work
of construction has been greatly de
layed. Stages out of this city are again
leaving on 'schedule time.' The rainfall
amounted only to about five inches
here, and to farmers outside of the
flooded area was very beneficial, in
suring, a bountiful harvest.
MONTEREY COUNTY REJOICES.
Present Rainstorm Gives an Assur
ance of Plentiful Crops.
SALINAS. Feb. 27. — The rain
fall of- the last tv/enty-four hours
has been of inestimable value
to "all parts of: Monterey Coun
ty. IJn sections of the Salinas
.Valley where^. ten. days. ago.* the farm
ers spoke hesitatingly of tn'eir chances
to" raise ■ hay. report now gives assur
ance' of plentiful -crops, with a bright
prospect of an unusually good season.
A light, rain fell nearly all night and
beginning again about noon to-day it
haa continued to come down contin
uously. . Throughout ' the storm the
temperature has been mild and warm
and with little or no wind. Every
drop that fell has gone . into the
ground, and vegetation is rapidly
showing the effects of the last week's
wonderful weather. Grain is rapidly
showing in the valley sections and the
cattle and sheep men speak enthusi
astically of the feed upon the hills
and cattle ranges.
In the lower and middle portions of
Salinas Valley around Gonzales, Sole
dad, King City, San Lucas and Brad
ley the rainfall has been heavier than
in the upper sections. For the pres
ent storm Salinas has. had more
than an inch, making a total
of 6 inches for the season.
This is but an inch and a half
less than last season. King City has
received .48. San Lucas .52, Soledad
.4 0 and San Ardo .50 of an inch. At
last reports it was still coming down
at those places. In view of the fact
that the Salinas Valley, and especially
the middle and lower sections, can
raise fine crops on less than, half the
rainfall needed in other parts of the
State, the farmers are jubilant. The
present storm has been worth hun
dreds of thousands of dollars- to Mon
terey .County and has dispelled the
threatened dry year and will. result in
nn immediate and general revival of
business along all lines. With a rep
etition of the disasters of the dry year
of 1897 staring Monterey County in
the face, all lines of business have
been very conservative 'for the last
two months. Assured prospects for
another year will give an immediate
relief to the situation.
STORMING* IN LOS ANGELES.
Kninfrill in the South Is the Heaviest
During thc Season.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 27.— Although
it had rained all around Los Angeles
County during the pest twenty-four
hours and in the mountains, the rain
fall having been extremely heavy, in
places, no rain fell in this city during
the present storm until 2 o'clock thi3
afternoon, when the storm broke here
in a manner which indicates that it
may nvike up for much that Los Ant
geles has missed in the way , of pre
cipitation. A steady downpour began
and continued until after 10 o'clock
to-night without ceasing. During
that time more than an inch of rain
fell in some parts of the city and out
Pas.idena way the rainfall was much
heavier. ' I
From Echo Mountain, near Mount
Lowe, to-night came the report that
nearly three inches of rain had fallen
during the day. Most needed in the
agricultural districts, the storm was
heaviest in those districts* and in tha
grain sections of Orange, Riverside and
San Bernardino counties ihe precipita
tion was heavier for a given time than
that of any previous storm this season.
■ To the northward, through the broad
Antelope Valley, there was a tremen
dous rainfall. It was in this section
that It was perhaps most welcome, for
there are thousands cf head of cattle
there, which have been suffering for
feed and water.
. - Cominc just at the Ume.lt did. after
the last rain had started the grass,
this storm means an abundance of feed
for stock and a plentiful supply of hay.
It does not assure a grain crop, for the
rains came too late to give this section
anything like the crops of cereals of
last year, but it helped the fruit sec
tions to a degree that hardly can be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;^R^SOHOFF'S<SC
T ) WomerfsApparclBxclu^ively 7 I [ \
/ \\J/ 117 GEARY JTRErE/T \l/A
Store opens at 9 a. m. and c!oses at 5:3D p. m. \[ J
jS Goods delivered tree to any point In the State. >4. Jy
J3; E^rlie^ir v5prii\g»' gc
W Jtyl&s owl tKe^ SS;
I F&xf Kioiv vi^lorv
- The first of the Springy Fash-
ions for 1904 are hers and noth-
/ap||s&2s£ ingf could be more dainty, ex-
'fflsipslls? quisite and tasteful. They arc
jT^^S^ authoritative, carrying with
_>(Sv/ them that distinctly Parisian
/fe^^^^^^^M You will know at a glance
//sJzMrwffif/\\ k° w *^ e Springf w iH blossom
(J $^$^ull> I v forth under Fashion's conserva-
n |qO'/);x\ t° T Y — k° w *k c smart tailored
vi su^ ts an< * costumes °^ *k c a y
, y--^^^^^^^^ w^ b^ w orn. Their dominant
note is the full sleeve and skirt
c£f ! i y3t^|g^ an^ low shoulder affected dur-
ing the middle of the last- cen-
Ktq^uYy 1 \|Y tury and more particularly in
Krtvfw' '"' 1\ 4A *^ c J530s and I840 * s « Could
Ugfoll illjfcda \^m\\ great-grandmother
|x^^fvr^5\ \\\ of the % 904 Girl revisit
f^miir^el \W *^ s ?^ ere s^ e could
ifej/'l 'Kn1|\ v\yv w **k P ro P r i ct T enter
1^5wi4ic3'\ 1\\V the fashionable world
irwljOJjJk!^ I II \ V with almost no change
Pr^tfntlt^^ II Wvv in her costume, at least ■
vM\ ! 'UPS-! 11 \\ Vv as far as evening '
I \\ % \^k arecor^S WnS
A I \J&?»K!f suit is a marked A
I5A OOTfflElff^^^ change, as thc KS>
'^^ufmm^^^^ t> hort Eton and M;
.*,' a:^v- -.. takes precedence, I
the long coat losing caste. The short Military and tignt I
fitting Jacket,which will be worn largely, may be seen here • I
The new tailored suits run $28.50, $30.00, $40.00, I
$50.00 and in easy stages up to $120.00. {
It would be well to see our excellent assortment of I
Linen Costumes, of which we have decided to make an I
early showing, being especially adapted for the resorts of I
Southern California and the Hawaiian Islands. Prices I
Tj-k $50.00, $75.00 up to $150.00. ■:>:;„ J4j •
computed in figures. From the Tehach
api range to the Mexican line and from
the ocean to the Colorado desert the
storm is general and the average.pre
cipitation will be more than an inch.
The indications at midnight were that
Continued on Pace 30, Column 3.SHIPPING BILL
TO BE MODIFIED
Senate Approaches Nearer to
a Filibuster Than at Any
Time During This Session
PABTY LIXES DRAWX
Democrats Make Demonstra
tion, OfferingMany Amend
ments to Pending; Measure
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.— The Sen
at« to-day approached nearer to a
filibuster than on any former occasion
flurins the present session. The
demonstration was made oa the part
of the Democratic Senators against re
quiring the use of American ships for
the shipment of Government supplies,
a.iid amendment after amendment was
offered, only to be laid on the table
on motion of Hale, -who was ln charge
of the bill. The numerous votes were
Interspersed with debate, so that be
tween the two forms of procedure the
entire session was consumed.
; On most of the votes the Senate di
vided on party lines, but Mitchell threa
or four times voted with the Demo
crats. Mitchell tried to change the
tlm« when the bill shall take effect.
and In this he had (he co-operation of
SJeBsrs. Deitrlch and Fulton. Republi
cans, and of the Democrats. At the
close of the day Hale consented to
make material modifications to the
bill, whereupon unanimous agreement
was reached to vote on It next Tues
day.
The amendments provoked a debate,
In which Messrs. Patterson, Perkins,
Tillman, Elkins and others partici
pated. In a colloQuy between Messrs.
Perkins and Tillman. Perkins stated
.that Tillman was always willing
•nough to vote for improvements in
the harbor at Charleston. The latter
replied that Perkins was just as jeal
•us In his advocacy of measures calcu
lated to benefit the harbor at San
Francisco.
Tillman declared that the Naval
Committee had shown a disposition to
abandon the harbor at San Francisco
because it is so shallow that It might
be necessary to dredge it. but had
been compelled to yield to Perkins* im
portunities.
PASSES PEXSIOX BILLS.
Hoase Devotes Nearly Entire Session
.. *o Considering Relief Measures.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.— The
House to-day devoted nearly the en
tire session to the passage of 269 pen
rjon bills. Adams (R.) of Pennsylva
nia entered a protest because pension
bills introduced by him had not been
considered and intimated that unless
his district was treated the same as
other districts he would block con
-sidoration of pension bills in the
House. Slayden <D.) of Texas said
that he had not. received the same no
iice ds other members in regard to
.pension bills, and Speaker Cannon
said he •'would take the gentleman's
protest under consideration."
. A number of other local and gen
eral bills v ere passed.
ODELL CAPTURED AFTER
A THIRTY HOURS' CHASE
Assailant of Two Women Saved From
3Iob by Timely Arrival of Po
lice Officers.
. '. B1XGHAMTON. N. Y.. Feb. 27.
After one of the most exciting man
.hunts in the history of this city, last
ihg for nearly thirty hours, Morris
Odell. charged with attacking two
"ircmen. has been captured. Prompt
arrival of policemen saved the man
from falling into the hands o* a crowd
t>l[ fifty men who were chasing him.
O'dell is a white man nearly 50 years
old- and was captured by Levi Ray,
<5oiored.
Foremost In the croud was Frank
Fa-ncher, husband of one of the al
leged victims. Fancher was unarmed,
fcut he jumped for Odell. struck him
.and attempted to wring his neck un
til, pulled away by a policeman.
Odell's wife died recently and he is
said to have drank heavily since then.
After attacking his step-daughter he
visited Fancher's house, where he for
merly boarded. Mrs. Fancher was at
.'work and did not see him enter. He
seized the woman, choked her almost
•enseless and fled when the children
gave an alarm.
Select Site for the Statue.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27. — At the
instance of the President, Baron
Speck von Sternberg, the German Em
bassador, has had a long conference
with Secretary Taft and Major Gen-,
eral Gillespie, respecting the location
of the statue of Frederick the" Great,
which is to be dedicated October 12.
ft was decided that the statue should
make one of a quartet of four of the
world's greatest soldiers, and it will
•ctahd in line on the beautiful terrace
.of the War College, between Alexander
the Great, Caesar and Napoleon.
Will Christen thc \ irginla.
.' " WASHINGTON, Feb. 27. — C. B.
Orcutt, president of the Newport
News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock
Company, called upon the President
to-day and tendered him a cordial in
vitation to be present at the launch
ing of the battleship Virginia on April
Z. At the request of the Secretary of
thc Navy President Orcutt has invjt
cd Miss Matilda G. Montague, daugh
ter of the Governor of Virginia, to act
t:s sponsor, and she has consented.
lender Bronze Bust to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27., — Congress
was tendered a bronze bust of George
Frederich Handel, the composer, to
day by the commissioners of the Dis
trict "of Columbia. The bust was
awarded to the United States German
singing societies of Washington at the
national sangerfest in Baltimore. The
societies presented the bust to the Dis
trict of Columbia and it ls desired to
have it placed on a Government res
ervation in this city.
$40.00 Fine Bedroom Suit for $6.00
This Week.
All this week at the PATTOSIEJTS
the entire line of $40.00 Bedroom Sets
will be closed out for $6.00 at PATTO-
S1EN COMPANY, corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets.
I To-Morrow, Elaborate Display spring Goods .-Great Pure Food/Shew^ I
I Numerous Special Sales at California^ LaiY$est; Americas Grand&tStore j
$ Large stocks for early spring demand are here,. in ample rime, to make your '^astn- preparations. Beautiful miliinery models |
if; „ to choose from, before the milliners get busy to their full capacity. Dress Goods, Silks and Trimmings in profusion. Best to .;
I select early while you can secure a dressmaker. Materials for confirmation dresses for the girls. Confirmation suits for the j
J boys. Exclusive Gowns, Novelty Coats and Jackets for ladies~and misses. In fact, fresh new stocks of a^ * 5
J everything for spring and- summer. High qualities and low prices, backed by our liberal money-back 5
J guarantee. , — •s^"^ 1 5
| Wash Goods, 19O4 : . _ Dress Goods-Silks \
I Mammoth Display and Sale to Open the Season < These Qualities, Styles, Economical Prices Sure to Please |
$ A superb showing of the thin, filmy, many tinted stuffs that are to be worn this The Popular Priced Dress Goods Some Charming New Silks : J
i summer. The daintiest of European and American cotton fabrics here in great pro- p^S^gd^i S&^ 1 _^ = ™& S?^S&^:JS:IS! 1 :5
'I fusion. The varieties are complete. ' It is the first full display in San Francisco of K fa gm =™ SirLfrJKSST? v " y pr9lty !hirt «^S r --, *
5 the novelties for 1904. To properly introduce this great stock we offer on M iS2USS.Tn SfSs^ Sft 1 -^** «^ wmr 24 £&%£: ~ tr * me nov " # *&$$£ I
K — — ---"■' - * r '- --« - _ m _. - » 38-inch English Mohairs and Sicilians, all Yard !' ........... .j
$ Monday Two Great Wash Goods Specials S ::T^^1 S^T^^::::::.\ IS^aS^sfeaS^SJS Yard :?
J New Mercerized Madras Weaves- In a cloth and White Organdies lor Confirmation -To-morrow only, i ° 4C .. nch Etara:n9s l one of \ he mo3t , J f
S timsn entirely new. Styles up-to-date, combin- case 68-inch white organdies. Some slight manufac- popular dr«s fabrics of the season — r — f „, , fc , „ „. „ JT11 , S
?• incr Usefulness With cmnri t-istf*- thp 2Sr values - 45-Inch English Tweed Suitings— !n very neat * a 3& JSSr : '-' nch Chscked Taftetas and Louisines— In | , _
k Jii m UiClUineSS Wltn gOOa .laSie, Hie -X Values turer , s ; mpfr r ect ; ons caus:d u8 t0 ta k- them out of dl f% __ effects and all summer colorings tf B^S fflVk bro.-. n. blue, sre^n and black-will mak- w^gj -J
X On Special Sale tO-morrOW Only, yard WjSJ^B ourrcsu'ar Mntand they are markel for thc one diy B SUB 46-Inch Crepe Egypta-a pretty fabric for \ B %jj& pretty ahlrt waist suits E£J» £~j* jm^ *
I ■ • •. BOC «, e8S than half vrice,^ WZXi Yard "S 2l1,"n^'^^'.°^..'.^: - &&*9 j
»* Silk Mixtures— New effects in pongee and Etaminc Novelties— In the much usid Ehier Vhite Mercerized Waistini$s- The new, rich assortment of fetching styles.. j 23-inch Embroidered White India Silk— very V/rrrf «
«J fancy colorlnj., mostly silk, enircly new weaves, leading so id colors, shown imported makes, 3 o inches wid= __ 48-inch Sicilian-new aprins colors J (pretty fcr shirt waists J ara *
J. designs and washable, choice and •_ -» for the firs: time here, yard .. . 2S tJC and marked only, yaid ...'. . *r%MC 40-tnch Crepe de Paris— silk and wool— ln 1 . 27-inch Black Taffeta— extra heavy > °^
V bin value ar vard 5 BO I shades or champagne, heliotrope, grays, jd
5" F««riiN ki " *»u* * ' £ : j Tissue Eourette — A reprcduct'on of the im- While India Linon— Fully 30 inches wide, blues, reseda and black i0&&k *gB *m ** 21-inch Gun Metal Silks— the kind In de- | Jt
» LngluniNubWeaves-Aboatai hnea prod- port .d English sheer rephyrs, and in _ sheer makf , even'y wov'en and an m _, 48-inch Ottoman Silk and Wool-a pretty mZT&.OO mand fcr shirt waist suits rf£& jm f% n *
* uct of thii c!«, as looms and ingenuity every wav as fati^ctory in wear, yd. #5C unusual value, yard 15C\ spring dress fabrlc-in colors *$& S 22-inch Guaranteed p«u de Soie-Swiss! %2&*1$' U U 2
£- cm produce; r.rat, new »nl styl- __ 1 ...■>. . , 52 -inch llroadcloth,— a fine weave— full a.«- - B ma!:», very heavy quality I BUS/ In "
«T ish, yard SUC Bourette Striped O.'jjandlei— Just as low New Bourette Suiting*— Similar in weight sortment. new sprin ff colors ~Mnch Peau de Rex— pure yarn dye for J »^ "2
** New Chillies — The> trashabl; sitin stripe price as the !es; sty.ish weave; so dainty thn and u.e'une.s to the older style covert clcthf, 48 m a^es^-fuU l^'of "colors three dlfferent • . Yard shirt waists and evening costumes J Vard *
% - kind, in solid color, and ne*t O —^ they make up as well as th= French and asstyli hdesigni as ths most # _.. w^nch^weed Suitin K8 -f or" making' sma'ri 23-inch Peau de Crepe— In a full line of new j ft
Jk* figurei, yard %fS3G makes, and but per yard MmJfG ' expensive styles, pir yard. . ..Sai/^G spring walking suits J colorings * ,J
A HMaMMMHB|H|aB^ Ha|MH|aMMaaaaMaaH|aa||MHMMa|aa|MaaM^ MHH^ M p nMHH anNnHMMaHHi^nnHMBMiHHMH^HH^HHHM^ "" -< " lli " IIBI^"" l— "■"■"■■■■^■^■■""■'■"■'■^^■■■■"■'■'■'■■■■■^ \m
1. A Comprehensive Display Exclusive 1304 Suits <&££& Sale Rubber Combs i
I I8O4 Millinery Groat Silk Waist Offering Monday ifF 7c 1
1^ .. Hundreds of The new spring models for women snd misses are hire m great vjritty. They plctur: minv radical chang-* s fiyjS^&^^^l^f^ "'
K Styles ready for from P«: seasons. Our exclusive d-s : gnrrs have given us practicability as well as b:auty h the;: new moderately \^ i An imm.-n-e purchase frcm the American [jfOliif}[|l»^W^^ t
* jB*lffi&™Ej3s££fsS#S5Sl ' , • xt priced suits. Ladie3 who would keep in touch with fashion's bt:st designs shou d visit our n:\vlv rem xklei jS'-^Ff u j o m. /- »- v i - . - "****?(!^v»\In©^ «
»: jS^&^^^m^0 your choice. No f u ; tro , m to-morrow. • ' ' g . -*
J" tW ° hjU ahkC> Monday ani while quant'tylists—wewilotFsr as a special taIu:: J^^^^^Sl combs, »t adou/ Aa// price, in s ? rchl *
J' fSj^^^S^c^^JM^^^u^*^ eacn an exclusive Eton Dress Suits — ' or ™i* = s ar -d 'i ;£ ' c women, of high grade Venetun, in b'ack, b'ue, brown " le loni *y ind Tursday. '' *®$jj$jft& .«
It* jffi^f^^jwjWBrrnBBS^^ design, and ail of and castor, has separate girdle; and collars and cuft'j are stitched in rat $ : ' : '$$''*$$'$\ Lot 1 — 10c and 15c pure Para *] *% _ ir^f^^^^^^' ~ n
$ ©58? r^B»W?S^^^ ll * m thc correct st y^ cl thzt artistic designs, with taftita and brsil to mitch; unlined ncw style 7^ •^'^^'•'•^^CT rubber dressing and fins combs . £ C n
% Wi^ain^^T l7Z t0 bC ' V ° rn SF ' lnS 8 ° rCd drtSS Skirt ' * fUl1 * 2 °'°° W ° rth> f ° r ' * *• * " *PB%*9 m^%* Lot z-z 5 c jure P-ra rubber 8-inch dr fSS m 5 \&^^ J
5 5' f SiSw'f i^^^\ and summer. Womin's N:w Coat Su'ts, in light and m:dium mix- N:w Stpsrat: Dress and Walking Skirts — 50 or tr J.i^^^^f combs; man/ worth more 4 SjSff* '
e^SsS^ii^J^' \ The Trimmtd Hats— Are all copies tur.-s and cheviots, coat =4. inches long ani taffeta m Dre n;w ideas have just bs:nadiri to this important M'3#>^^^^^r^S than 25c; Monday, Tuesday K "*•%* "^ •«
J> fr^^yyHj^ai^y ' S/ of Farl.-ian and N'tw "i'ork; rr.odrls, lined, both coat and skiit prettily trimmed wi:h , *W&l& : '^m§&&S(sk **3/ Lot 3 - Bip ajsortmrnt fu c Para rubb r combs, n:t S^Jt,
*' Y.^^^^^/ Jl in fl .° wtr *. f-»i»g-i nulnrs and broadcloth. . ., '. . $23*50 * ° C *" • \M&ji&"^'$Zw*r <>nt wor.h !es? than 5CC, Monday sni Tuesday . .. £m&& *
V ( fancy iacc braids. Many 1UXV styles in blouse, Eton and Coat UnlineJ Voila D.-mwur an 1 Novelty Mixture! for %
it \^^A V^ ) $10*00 tO $25*00 Suits at I14.95, $l6-$O, $lS.OO, S-'J-OO, $J0.00 :uiaboutwear ar: in popular d:manl. The correctne s \&fiffi; : if$!ty* &£ltf* B—Z$t§5&4&'* &3*2&f3^
*! y^ Rtady-to-Wear Hat j- The smartest and upward. " ' of cur styles is proven by th; incr=- S ci daiy sals %9<faM1Lr Em€SUBtS& BU9*SMg& X
V j r j ft shown, in turban, colonia' or Suit Like Picture — A dressy tailor-mads of th: exe'u- • n - . • •. " " JI?^-*/'''3 ; $2m5O tO $3mOO VillUQS t
if / large sai.or effect; made of fancy i-ue typ; — exc'.uiivs because shown hire only, and ln ls s - c on - Wl!&'''' : ffS?*'k m% mm _>Ji- _Q ,■, It
H I K straw braiis, trmmed in fcathe: be.au r, like many others in its cl-s=, only onr or two N»w t\'x*\lTl Walking Skirts -?£. 00, S5. 50, Z*!**'", J-'^vjfi Jfti B B £r£ "*
lk[ ' or breast efiect?, many of them tu'ti cf the same styl: will be offirel by us durinj the md up ta 5l 7. CO. i$-&''V$-':\3& MHmBB %j3r B O «Vrf? «Srf* -^
** tinishei with a touch o gold: in thades of th: poru'ar brown, also season. It is ma^e of ncv:lty mixturr, trimme! with ' JW^»' '*'.••&»& r».., , A., r«. . u, „<• .^ t .u «
i tan, na^v, black and wn'te and vio'et. heliotrope velvet and smaU Keel buttons; price. . . . Kzw Voile Dn.. Skirt, -I5.75. $7^ 5io. 5 0, °"o5 J° B "Lllcfj^ T" >>~V -5
|J S2.95, S3.53, S5.OO, S6.0O, $7.0O ; S55.O ) Ji^sDaaiupwJA; #t :: -^-- : i8^ x=w Y.rk jobber who w:,h : dt 3 / \ ;*
I ir R«dy-to : Trim H*ts- And 5 emi-trimmed, in iace c^ns Special Offering Dressy Washable and SilK Waists, begirmmg M^^^"^^^^- c t r s:^ ut thc - lo ;- h Th l y bl are , ma:= nr-JL- ' *
I chi^^^oorH^-^nVreidy'-t^t/ors-o^rfughind Monday mornm 8 -300 China and Louisine Waists (prob.ibiy jM^^WW;^ °^w^"™% **'&£ /^r^^m, I
V readv braids, h naw, blue, wh te, brown, red or plaid effects- not enOUgll tO last mOI'e tll3n Olie day), ail Of tlieill taStc" y^K^^^-^fe^fe u • *' f F»;« «» f fl> - -^! V*U" - 4
E t^meiw:th^rbb,n ; ,e.m r ,,5y.5Q co 52.50 f u , , ymad ° and trimmed, the very ne west of the new styles S^t^/Iiii. II il^Ilil ?
il *nt***MZ*B nf $3.75 China Silk Waists - 52 50 $6.50 Peau de Sole Waists, $4.« MoL^aJ^^^c teSi ! ili!i^MM
i f*&peCISMB &&Me O¥ $4.50China Silk Waists- -$3.50 $7.50 Louis|ne 'Waists. - $5.90 .**-^&i$&Rg^&BB£& K - T u «day . $1*65 " j»
| Ypsilanti Union Suits Ribbon Effects Novelties and Jewelrv High-Class Clothing I
J. For three day* beginning Monday these" fin:st of undergarmrnts for IWCW W% B B3 M %JP M M MmM M1*%0*&-t. B V «# V (SSf B S § <G* «i9 €MB£WI %0 Cr Wiy Cr * B J? ** SW ' %
* women, at less than wholesalers p,y. Eight styles of th: s^crior Easter Creations from Exsert Sams ffcw and Very Pretty fOB* Bo\?$ %
| aSSftrSk** m ° st P"*« fi - n^ b "^ n^^ Fc^e/g/f ancf Asferiw Oesignors | 5pr//ffir a«i# Jewe/ry A whoIe cresV of ncw Mi ,£ I;
T« «# u«ff O M fn« The magnriccnt dsilav of n;w ribbons now b; ng imde by The £m- The new purp.e efFrct Hat P.ns. 5c. St:n:ng S lver " \Va;s: S:ts —now frnm M»»«/ Ynrlr hac incf %
I . ii'-r «-.ff, , r, C por.um is gr,,ty enhanced by cf aline cf hat trim,, dress NV . Peacock O ? al Waist S.ts .. v .$L00 to $7-50 [^^c W 1 Qnl J n 1 '
J $1.50 Mes.um Weght half wool <u-.tt 7SC S p ray ,, corsage gWs ani neck p>c: f , etc., juit from the Eas-. V,u ? 25c50c P w > S t, - »«, ' Kc t« SCc amved— the. Styles for 1904 and j# -*U1 5
*[ $=.50 3 ' Woo! Suits, for . . .$1.25 never hai an idea that ribbons could b: used in so many diff r:nt ways or N '- >v p-acock O -.al *Hat B in- "* Values that Will make OUr juven- 1^"* ®H '5
J $, 3. 00 light weight Congo Merino suits $i.5O mo.elfdi ir> so many different beaut ful fjrms. Thi« assnr;rr.ent inc.uies: ' - l «■ t "2'c 50c P carI Wi;st Set »» 4 P ns -25c to75c jl e department more talked of jt^ftL *'
* | 4 . 5 o Mercerized Union Suffer S2.OO ' MoMrffnss^Zavs Kc* Peacock Op.! Brooches. .'.. • P-» Set, -for stock tie, and Fi th- than ever. They're the best $
\i j6.co Ga U « wei s ht Congo Mer.no su !ts £3.OO £^J RulselLBows Toyla,idHain O u.'l • • 25c, 50c »v.-nuc bow,- s« . . . . 25c xve have ever shown at the price. /fWjVA '?
\\ Jio. 50 h-ravy silk and wool mixed su-ts . .$5.00 Anna Held pOlVS Hat Ruffles P.acock Opal S:t, enameled wing Br!t or P.n» — si ver gray These Sailor SUitS are made Of /t J\ V_ A }g
* ' Juvenile Hat Bows Ribbon 'Feathers be'.: pinr 75c finish, sim; designs and patterns Scotch homespUHS, in brown [A (\\ ,' %' 1 5
8 Safe Of \ $1^0 Steins AslcrII f/T' h S „ j n , /v fJ 6 i Jn ? nf /' s St f" s SiIvJr Hat *""> nc Tc " th: mon "P cns - ve ones > " c s h c dappled effects and green tans, W ivA'/ JW5 I
I P/cfifres O^ Sa/e a« ***,« g*, i*«» **** ; ** -^ W^r I
;| ne Each at 99c 25g and 35c Novelty Veilings Wo Yard "^^^^"[gS yf / 3
|8 Beautiful landscape 9^ inches tall, rais- 5QQQ yard s~o n ough for a rousing Monday salo W^^^^^i WW\ %
| medalhons, m 3 styles, ed.-nchl y painted plv > nomenal offering of novelty ne: veilings, plain effects and with large and small r m f^iSSS^S^ i^S!St WM %
I th ZTZiTrT wiraoorooriatT 8 "' c^eniHe dS s/in p ahi black and in black and \vhitemixtu:es. Extremely de- ffa Z^^^Zo?^^ Jl f 3
I Ipiilli llP^lil sirable patterns at an Hyerage of half actual worth; Monday only, per yard. . . fOC ASZSZJSttXi W> I : ?
"Psyche," "Wounded Soldier," Stein parties, Monday tJ 8 y far » SimSO y
>>; etc., Monday only, each . i7c only, each .... 99c Free Sa mm pies g- fft^h r-., . >-^ Daily' from 9 '*" Roly Poiy Songs ISc 5
* New Spring Stock of of .Everything r^ f I^^^S i|^ IJo Q a -. m - to 6 P- m - Musical Recitals This Week |
J j- _^ j? 1^ /ftfity fetPOWl^ .W |y^^U^g^[^7:^^j 1^ [Bi * Every d.y this week at 2:00, 2:30, 3:00, 3:30 and 4:00 p. m. Jt
* An im m e. t e asx,rtm,nt jus: in fion, som, of the best factories in M^g W^^^^^^^S^O/hJ^^^ W^^W^Sjp^ l
K the world; beautiful d.si.r.s in fi.ral, Mosaic ani tile effect,. You'll IlKSSS (tn%f^f)\ J S/ fe^ Efr^l^ i C^ p3 ,"" ""p Swe «f« rt8 a^ d " Do ? '^Jf r "T Scan-
t nnd them b:tter qualities than th«e :o!d in many p!ac-s for much Mm[^^Wm^^S__^^^^^^^ W-J |%j^^l Bcf I Su|J du!ou, Eyes at Me ; regularly z 5 ' each; s P :c;al all th s »•«*. /5C j
*I 6 feet w!de, per squire yard . . 6Oc, 75o, 85c " I T| ■ T T\ j| j«
» : iz feet wide, per square varj . . 75c, 83c, 9Oc Tlie "Pure Food Show' '. is one of the big store's biggest successes. JiMlCS ??• DF3.QOliry S
J. window shades from 35c up. j n attractively decorated white booths, especially constructed for this occasion, S^Cii^QJPS : *
« B* -j - ** m experienced demonstrators are plainly and interestingly showing the merits of. high- r% t— w ,^[. ;5
% BetiS . &ntt €*OUCneS class eatables and drinkables, the products of some of the leading producers in America; J^-^ t r*%-r* "«
S- On Special pure foods and drinks with world wide reputations. . . — -^T t^. ' "■■' r -** 1 -j
J 5afe Two Days to » Samples of everything. Valuable information afoout the proper' preparation of all thi^ week. : J
S a ' 56.00 Iron Bed $3.85— foods. j»
v 8 ■ ru v StyIc cxacly as shown in A highly interesting, instructive exhibit that every housewife in San Francisco and Lenten FoOtS SiSeCiSllS *
i c^w'i^MTn^ w^at^r^! vicinity should endeavor to attend. Among the disfthys are: - Monday's Liquor Bargains : ?
i aBPliBi. ;;su4S\ha n nT6 S ot flraun. Isleton Long's M. J. B. Lily | Pettljohn's J^rS^ I
I SSaSr^^? K'^KiH. » many rom for mo™ hapdt'si Creamery Preserves, Coffee Sterilized Breakfast f"°' € d , s ° R U P S " A J^^ ""t*^ f 08 £' 1 *'?<£?■%
S IwlfM^S I S Mond4 > andTu:sd2 y tn y' Tropical Butter Jellies, etc. In Tins Cream j Gem S "£ . "7 . P . '. ! ! ! . y .' sf^S
J« i c «^ * 5ite%^^^^ h '"' { -°-03a85 A^1q"?n?con- The acme of Choicest of Ca!- That extra Pure steriized The king of Tomitoisl Ext a select, 3 to. tins, ' Monday, " d«! '$U3O, %
% <i?w^«ntf«rvSfprl for meats purity and c!cani- ifornU prc?crvcSj choice^ roast : coffee. cream .' k CCFS J n mushes, th: cream Y.4ht Club SardineilMendav.* s' tins." .* .'.*.'.*.*.".". 25% \
i C^^^S^Kni^^iaJnX^^^S fi$h « 8 amC ' 80U F S - nC "' , , ic'lics urns 'etc ?• 7$ ■ un "any cimate ofth-whea' S***^ 0^ 7 ' '1 ' ■ ' 'Jl° *
v uj • k , m fif fi » • etc Fre h every day. | jciics, j^ms, etc. tins— never in bulk, any c.imacc. or tn. wneau Kippered rUrnn.ts— Imported, Monday, tn 200 ."»
5* if?.' 5 ° l , n Tu u c: 5^SX£Sr^S§fc!?^>»-^ ' c-' x/ •/ o a/ •/ o A / 'o ,, .". o L i -, " '■ o x/ -^ >a'n»n Troat— Extra good ones, each . ... . 15o **& 1Oc •*
J. Th.s style couch has nrverleen^^^^^^^^^^^ Sample tt. Sample ti. Sample them. Sampled. Sampled. Sampled Sslmon Belli«-E«r, grade, 5 £d, . . 25o 2
jf t3 ld in San F.-ancsco under jB^S^^^J^ - = = L __= Blo.ten-Eatr, Urge S :«, 3 fish Wo %
i "■5°;7 l f ul F eM ' D - mE^-- 1^ Home Gudahy's Tlpo SimSZI/ W.G.M, \ American Pink Ai«ka Salmon- d.^. 98c, 3 tins ......... 2Po i
I y ' n U2L y ~Jl~ Brand Rex Beof Ohlantl Gahned Tamalos, Malto Red Alaska S*!nion-Do;. 57.75, tin /5c **
*- SGmSO Pickles Extract Wines Goods Beans, ctc. Cocoa shrimps for Salad;— ; tins .-. .7 25c j{
•• _ . JT\ „-. , ., . ,- c .. ' . C**ifornia chow Has a flavor pos- Yhe Italian- Very finest can- The famous key- A -h'rh'v 61- McLaren'j Cheese— lb 20o )t
J Bfd Spring-Hard map'-e Tarnished framr, fine pencil weave wire, Ct.ltomia enow v i flc 1 tall an- } ' l 1 lie famous KC/ A-ngn.y dl p ure Ryt WhIskles _ Pju ij on ., of Gannym-de, bottle ... OOo *
%' heavy rope edge,, with -beta for stretching; the whole supported in chow, chutney sessed by no other Swiss Colony's fa- r- vcgecaoies. opcncrC an tamales gestiblc breakfast Rock and Rye v-Crysuilized for coughs, botth ...... 55© 5
J center with best oiled tempered steel spring,; other stores ask :$ 5 .oo u , ch oice pick- beefextract. \, ' MJ Equa and often and beans in . ch u beverage. A home McBrayer's Whisky- Sour Mash, gal $3.25 %
* for springs not nearly as good; these for. ....... $3.50 f ' ,, ■ / M a t«W«n,,n, mou$ inexcclied superior to best „„_ n-oduc' - Porter -Be-t D.m:s:ic,do2 $t.O3 *
i Good M.ttres,, made of clean tvhJte floss, full s'ze, full weight. $6.50 lc$ ° f a11 8Or "* Makes fine soups, . fresh vegetab'es "to p-oduc. CUret-E^t a Atti wint, 5 gal. $1.85, gal i*L?c *
J other mattresses .$2.95 to $30.00 Sample them. rich gravies | California wines. bg had - : | Free sample can: Sample it. Montreal Milt Whisky - Moaday, bcttie. • 9Oc £
|" Spring Dress-Making Supplies I iy*m y^ # women's 2^SrfKS o*Z, ?"fj*lw co, o , f
J» Broth Binding, ve'.vet top, yard. . . . . SO Sewing Machine Oil, bott'.e. . . . . . . 8C \JF%& ■ ' f' ~ i '-ingS, also white and fast black, pair • • • • • • • 25C %
* Hum? hooks and tyes, card 2%o Self-threading s=wing needle, paper . . . 5c jj&s7 £? & // L-)'frM^' I'^'^fyj M MS Women's 2-clasp Superfine Quality Lisle Thread Gloves, clasps to \
J* «om5" Dress shv.c 1 ?, none rubber . . 25o Hook and eye tape, yard 15c f^gy Ma mT^ML^/ BB&^MMj'm^ fa/M y M J W / B Mm match shade of glove, contrasting stitching on the back, colors, also fit
Ijl M«ah>tti n Skirt^^ Braid, colon, piece . . ISO Tracing Wheels, each ... . . *-. -■.. . . S O &:*' :^^*^ M m^rW %S 9^ mr vr W^M MJ^^^ . white and black; pair .•••••♦ • • 35p "jg
K Covered Featherbont, all colors, yard .". tOO French Horn Bom, 9-inch, dozen .. . . 10o CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST^ l^^^^ g^^^^ Women's 2-clasp Lisle Mesh Gloves, the new glove for this Season, •*
J! suk Scam Binding, heavy, piece . . . .fOo Sewing Machine Needles, all kinds, 3 for . 5o -^—B BBBBSSF^W^^ lllllllil1 *' _ has solid lisle palm, giving it extra wearing qualities; as a leader, *
% % Whalebone Casing, all colors, 3-yd. piece..5C French Sewing Cot:on, 500 yarJs. . . . 15O BBpiplPWI^ 1 7 AMERICA S GRAN DEST-STORE. we have marked this lot, pair 35C %
y — tt — .,.'■■■■ ..' .' . v , \' m \: .. r r \ .-.-".."•'•'■ -V,^::;; :;:. ' m \ m ' . . *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1904.
2728
AJVZBTISEMENTtt.
aj?oec©eeee©0©«©«e©eooooo©©«0©»oooeo*©**e©o©©g
| 8I8-82O /AARKtT 5T.. 5AK FRAKO5CO. •
I INccKwcar iS O fT;| iRibbons HJ ZV \ h rc e | •
g -Pre ttiest -prices of our J
5 Neckwear we've ever seen ribbons for this week. '. ,; . Q
5 \viil be ortered Monday and Take advantage of this O
O Tuesday at a savine to you opportunitj*. ®
© of at least one-half. . I J^-in. Plain and Fancy, per •
2 Special price? yard ••• 2 /i c %
2 23c 35c and 45c Fifth avenue Bows, reg. 50c m\
© :10c q
© r.nr^ft^ Broker, sires of V^tlmrfc rancv and 2
o L/UF^C15 some kinds, but V C II III PS Plain Tuxe- 2
O not all sizes of ** d OC5i ree. 2^. 2
© all kind?. now 1 fie J
? 50c Corsets 32c Fancy and Plain Spider 0
O TSc Corsets 35c Web, reg. 25c 15c •
© Si. 00 Corsets 45c Just arrivod a full line of ©
2 «i .0 Corsctf 75c Elegant Chiffon. Regular •
O *i.so oc price 50c. ■ Special 25c g
2 We carry a full line of the Cclc- We Drape Veil?. Tie Chiffon Q
o brated R. & G. Corsets. and Maline Bows Free. O
m • — — — — ■ O
X 6ASZ BODS. CUCKOO CLOCKS. UMBKELI.AS #
O v^^.n'r^'iorV 1 Handsomely That will protect •
v holds by spring sock- _ . J . f,- orn iiJ ruin A
• cts. either on wood. carved. Regular > ou« om tl e r aln. O
• iron or ftone; 2 price. $5.00; special.. stfec'al Hi 'i *
O nwins eockets. with «4 1 n g P ec ' aI Wl.lo
J H-in. brass rod 48 «>-*.*« QEHTS' UMB*E1- 6
O In. lonsr. or less, rut MAKTEL CLOCKS. iAS «*"»«"••" g
to measure. Reg. Hour aj>d half- t> ■ c- A
O price, rach. 35c; vory ,. Hour „ "*" Re P- P rlCP - R i c : 2
Z special 1 Sc hour strike; cathe- special H7iv ©
O COAT KAJTOEBS. dral K° n *- Hegular SADIES' UMEEK.- 2
0 Either nickel or price. J9.00; special.. LAS. J*
O WOO<S - , R f s - : " c; *7.2."» Twill Gloria, steel 2
5 very special 5c -_______._ r o d 8. paragon $
2 DEHTSOXTS DECO- °"» SPECXAIi f r a m o ««. Regular 9
X BATES NAPKINS. ALASU CLOCKS. price 91.05; special .. 0
• Very nice for aft*r- For thls week only 85c ©
• r*r n i©°; a very'Tp#cfai: reduced from T5c to SXX.K UMBRELLAS. 9
• COO for ...." 25e 5f)c From 82 to g 1 2. m
2 1\..lr. At cut Prices: any of TABOTTKETTES, Lest Than Cost. ©
2 MOOlvS the new c °P>' ri Sht flc- Dainty Pyrograph Tabour- ©
• ** v ' v '*t^ tion published at $1.60: ette?, round, square and clo- A
• our price SI. OS ver-leaf shapes; J2.00, cut to q
©^ The f ollowinp are a few of J)Sc m\
O the latest: "The Call of the 15 other styles in mahogany. «•
P Wild." by Iyondon: > To-Mor- polished oak and bird's-ey* A
0 row** Tanple." by Bonner; maple, at greatly reduced %
q "Barlasch of the Guards." by prices to close out the line., a
Z Merrlman; "The Little Shep- 25c a
X herd of Kingdom Come." sakt- pwakmtiijs a
• tSS?In -nain'' 'ZH £$?' A b'oo.ffo^other.s; will keep §
O Inr- - P Deliver- baby qulet bv thp nour; eas * y W
X ance. to a( ijust and positively harm- 5f
S Trunks &?ffa?asLS «^;i«>«. 4r>^ 8
O ** Vllft '» in prices of trunks. -*»"'"• Basketj.. strong and J»
r we are selling cheaper to-day fxtra. well made; 10c Uaste w
X th«n ever: over 150 styles to Baskets. ,>(»o: an offering for W
• select from: as low as *1. 5O. this week to reduce stock; Q
O up to . <54S llrt several designs, and each A
O *?"'"" worth double. q
P A _| r To see our specials, from BABT CARRIAGES, GO-CARTS. ©
O A,5lV S5.OO to S12.OO. Com- New styles: Baby Carriageu. q
n pare our goods and prices; $<>.5O to S2."i.OO: Go-Oarts. a
2 it tneans dollars to you. }f 2.7J» to JS7.5O a
O gglVES, RAZORS AND SHEARS GROUND AND REPAIRED. Q
A PICTURE FBAKES Or ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE AND REPAIRED 6
ooofr$eoQe$ooc»oocooeaooooocp6aQaooooog>o38eoc6
SEEKING LONG LEASES
FOR CITY PROPERTIES
Men Engaged in Business Show Faith in San Francisco's
Future by Agreeing to Pay Large Sums to Have Con
, tinuous Holdingof Stores and Floors in Central Locations
The large number of leases recently
effected for goofi city properties indi
cates the confidence of the people in
realty very Btrongly. Among the list
reported to have been effected during
the week just closed are five-year leases
made by Sonntag Bros, for three stores
on the north line of Geary street, be
tween Kearny street and Grant avenue,
for an aggregate rental of $120,000, or
$633 per month for oar-h store. Seller
Bros, have leased the improved prop
erty on the southwest corner of Pine
and Mason streets to H. F. and Emma
Ricker for ten years for J1SS.000 in the
eggrcgate.
A. I. Hall & Son have leased through
the agency of Bovee. Toy & Co. the en
tire top floor of the new Aronson build-
Ing, at Mission and Third streets, for
twenty yeare at the total rental of $72,
(K>0. Thf second and third floors of the
same building have been rented through
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Makes Men
Vigorous
Valuable Prescription by Which Any
Man Can Make His Own Remedy
to Cure Hhmclf at Home Sent
Free to All. Write for It.
WILL MAKE A MAX OF YOU.
For the return of that youthful feeling of
tntnhood a prominent Detroit physician and
eavam >« in DcssesFicm of a receipt which he
America's Greatest Specialist.
:.n.- himself utcd in his own extensive private
practice ttith tbc most ctiurtllns cuccesa.
Tliocgh ih',- years ha\e patted Its equal has
never bern found and with It thousands of
v.e»k men have brought about th« cures they
to much longed for. The doctor willingly
tf-nds the formula entirely free to any man
*vho wrifai him for It, and they win find It a
gilt of lasting value. It is good for sexual
«ecknc*s. lost manhood, nervousness, weak
beck, eniimsions. varlcocele. lack 6f force, pros-
taitc trouble, night rwe&ta. inability and the
many ether erabarr&seing conditions that befall
the sexually Imperfect man. It creates an Im-
mediately toclal feeling, warmth and good na-
ture, forces active blood to the muscular tls-
rur. tones th« nervous system and arouses
bodily confidence. It makes the man of 65 as
rood at at 35. and the young man again eager
for society and fit for marriage and parent-
hood. Satisfactory results are produced in a
day's tire, and a perfect cure in a few weeks,
rPKardlcEs of met. or the cause of your condi-
tion.
If you need such a remedy rend your name
».rd a^drrrm to-day to the Dr. Xna-n Med. Co.,
1S1C Hull lids.. Detroit. Mich., and In an un-
marked envelope tb« doctor will at once send
you the »-ecetpt. as promised, explaining In de-
tail v.htt Ingredients to u?e and how to com-
rmund them *o that any weak man can cure
klrnMlf la fcls own home without being under
obligations to any one. It costs you nothing
•isd tfc- focntr jou write the eooner you will
De cu t ii.
Bovee. Toy & Co. for five years for
$36,000 for the term, and the fourth floor
has been leased for ten years for $36,000
in total. The Dingee building, on the
southwest corner of Stockton street
and Union Square avenue, is being
leased, although the only sign of the
structure yet in view is the excavation
for the foundations.
A. J. Rich & Co. have leased for one
year to Clarence It. Walther the coun
try home of Edna Wallace Hopper, in
the Oakland foothills.
Lyon & Hoag report that in three
weeks more than two-thirds of five
blocks placed in their agency for sale
by the Bay District Land Company
have found purchasers^, and the entire
property v.ill be speedily built upon.
This is in support of the statements
made in The Call last week in reference
to the lively times in Richmond district
realty. Two of the lots in the Jordan
tract have been sold for $1859 each.
Sales by Bovee. Toy & Co. are as fol
lows:
Thre- lew. •_ > 5x!2'>. <;n thf> west line of Sixth
avenue, between A and B «tre«ts: two lot?.
2!ixl20. on v.r!<t l!n» of Kljhth aven'-'e. b»
twren A and B Rtrcpts: !ct 1(0x100. for $17.*>O.
on eatt line c r Twenty-flisi avenue, between
California. f_nd l^ke FtreM«; lot 57:Hx100. on
the northwe*t corner of Twentieth avenu? anJ
bake »tr*ti, for t2<*<O; let on Seventeenth avf
nu». :ii feet north of Lake strett, next Presidio
wall, for *30OO.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have made the
following sales in the Richmond dis
trict:
Two !Ti* on 'th» north line of California
•treet. 75 f*«t east of Tenth avenue, for $1S(X);
two !ot« on the rast side of Twenty-fourth
avenue, between citment end California, for
f:!5O0: elEht lot* on t v .e west side of Thirty
fifth avenue, betrree-n A an-J C street.
The northeast corner of Thirty-eighth
avenue and D street has been sold by
Madison & Burke for $1400.
LARGE AUCTION .SALES.
At Golden Gate Hall to-morrow at
noon G. H. Umbsen & Co. will sell at
auction properties of the Wingerter es
tate as follows:
Southeast corner oJ Post and Stocktcn
streets. :Ux70 feet, with a flv?-story and base
ment brick building, renting for S3S3 a month;
northeast corner of Kearny street and Hardlc
place, between Suiter and Bueh streets, 3Sx
40 fe«t, with a three-story and basement brick
bulldlnr. rentlnK for $451 a month; premises
•t COS ana 607 Kearny street, consisting of a
lot 23:0x28:11. and a three-story and base
ment brick bulldlnr. the rental from which is
$125 a menth: i::ou and 1311 Stockton street,
43:6x68:0, with a three-story structure,
renting for S205 monthly: 50xS7:6, and
t wo-rtory residence at . L'12 and 214 Lcav
enworth street. rentlnK for $130. a month:
25x$7:B and two fiery dwelling at 221
Leavenworth «tre»t. the rent of which Is $55
a month: 2121 and 2123 Fillmore street. :>:ix
106:3. and Improvements, which bring In $C0
monthly: the fifty vara and two residences en
the northwest corner of Sacramento and Pierce
•treets; lot 68:0xl2?:$U and residence at 2714
Sacramento ntreet: southwest corner of Clay
and Pierce atreeta. 206:3x127 :8U. and five
modern reaidences, renting: for the aggregate
of $365 a month: southeast' corner of Jackson
and DevUadero streets, 52:8UxllO feet, oa
which are two residence*: toutbwect corner
of Jackson and Devisadero streets, 137:6xtt3:9,
with three dwellings; 165x127:814. on the south
line of Pacific avenue, 120 feet east of Bred'
crick slreet: ■ tbc block bounded by A and
Ship ptreetx and Thirty-second and Thirty
third avenues, and elsht lots on Nineteenth
and Twentieth avenues, between H and S
streets. In addition, there will be offered for
sale the property of the Henry Levy estate at
713. 717, 723 and 725 McAMater street.
An opportunity for speculators and
homeseekers to secure bargains in lots
near the Ocean boulevard and Golden
Gate Park presents itself in the auc
tion sale to be held by Baldwin & How
ell on Thursday next, March 3, for
Dr. Emma L. Mcrrltt, the executrix
of the estate of Adolph Sutro, deceased,
at which time forty-seven lots front-
Ing Golden Gate Park in the block
bounded by Forty-sixth and Forty
seventh avenues and . C and Fulton
streets will be Bold. At the same time
the executrix will cell, five; lots on the
THE SAIs FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1903.
WILLIAM CUTS
OUT ANTWERP
Emperor of Germany Sudden
ly Decides He Will Xot
Pay Visit to Belgian Town
WILL SEE GIBRALTAR
King Carlos of Portugal
to Meet Him at Vigo, Spain.
Will Sail on Koenig Albert
BERLIN,. Feb. 27.— Emperor William
has never traveled far in a modern pas
senger steamer, and that fact is given
as the reason for his taking the North
German Lloyd steamer Koenig Albert
on his twelve days' trip to the Mediter
ranean. His Majesty has rather sud
denly decided not to call an Antwerp at
all. No explanation is made of this
change in the plans. The Emperor will
go from Bremerhaven to Vigo, Spain,
direct. At the latter place King Carlos
of Portugal will doubtless meet him,
and at Gibraltar, where he will stay
two days, his Majesty will see the fort
ress for the first thime. He will debark
also for a few hours at Port Mahon,
and will leave the Koenig Albert and
board the imperial yacht Hohenzollern
at Messina on March. 24.- The Koenig
Albert will consequently be unable to
leave Genoa that day, as she is adver
tised to do.
The gossip regarding the Emperor
meeting President Loubet outside of
Brest is altogether incorrect. The
cruiser Heinrich II will convoy the
Koenig Albert all the way to Messina,
and afterward, with the dispatch boat
Sleipter, will accompany the Hohen
zollern in a leisurely four weeks' cruise
without a fixed itinerary to Corfu and
as far eastward as Athens, but not to
Constantinople. On his way back Em
peror William may see the King of
Italy at Naples. The Empress may join
the Emneror toward the end of the ex
cursion. The return will be made over
land, and at no time during the trip
will his Majesty be more than two days
out of reach of land.
east side of Forty-ninth avenue (the
Ocean boulevard), between O and P
streets, averaging 25 feet front and ex
tending through frc-m Forty-eighth to
Forty-ninth avenues. There are also
included in the sale eight lots overlook
ing Sutro' Heights on Cliff avenue.
Clement street and Forty-fifth and
Forty-fourth avenues, and one entire
triangular block on Ashbury Heights,
containing eight lots frc-nting on Ash
bury street and Clarendon avenue. As
the sale is under order of court and
the proceeds are required to pay some
of the' legacies now due under the will
of the late Adolph Sutro, the terms will
be cash, and every lot will be sold to
the highest bidder, subject to the con
firmation of the Probate Court.
LOTS AND HOUSES SELL.
The following sales have been made
by the C. M. Wooster Company in this
city:
Mrs. E. Hendrkkson (executrix for estate of
Antcelette K*lly>. to P. J. Stuparich. lot and
Improvements on the northeast corner of Val
lej.j and White streets, lot 5Cx«8:fi. for $5125;
for the Herron-Holccmb Latvl Company to
Daniel McHugh. lot and two flats on the east
line' n( Bhotwell street. betwe*n Twenty-fifth
and Twrr.ty-sfith ttre«ts. lot '_'7:10*ixl1"); for
Mary K. Dorn to B. F. A"urrier. lot and im
provemrnts on the west side of Lyon street.
SO feet north of California street, lot 27:S^x
100. for |32C0; for Max W. Zuckerman to L.
(3ftz. residence on the nouth side of Pacific
avrnue. between Scott and I>evisadero streets,
for IU.S0O; fcr Uouipe C. DiKRlns to D. O'Sul
livan. lot on north side of Sutler Ftreet.. west
of Devi:-adero. (4:3x137:8, for $10.2."iO; William
Wolf to C. W. Hollix. four flats and two stores
on tlic south side of Fulton street, west of
Buchanan, lot 27:i;x"*7:«. for $7400; for Joseph
Ferrra to P. Tassl, San Jose avenue. 125 north
cjf Arradia street, two cottages and lot 80x117,
for 5tW0: for Jo^r:ih Ferrea, lot and improve
ments on tho northwest side of San Jose ave
nuo, northeast of Janice street, 25x04, for ?50(>.
R. D. Cranston & Sons have already
reported their recent sale of the Corn
wall residence on the southeast corner
of Buchanan and Page streets, with
the lot 137:6x100. The same firm has
closed the following additional sales in
the last week:
For Mr?. Eleanor Standlsh to A. Hansel
man, key lot on the northerly line of Waller
street. I(M:3 oast frcm Masonic avenue. 2tix."t7:«
feet, on which the new owner Intends to erect
two tlats at a cost of about $12,0C0; lot with a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUEOF CHAUCOAIj.
Few People Know How "Useful It Is
In Preserving Health ami He.-mty. .
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal Is the cafest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value whon taken into
the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; It is not a
drug at all. but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
tnem out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens tho breath after
smoking, drinking or aftor eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion; it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently r \te cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most for the
money is in Stuart's Absorbent Loz-
enges; they are composed of the finest
powdered willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form or
rather In the form of large, pleasant
tasting lozenges, the charcoal being
mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health/better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, but, on the contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges to
all patients suffering from gas, In
stomach and bowels and to clear the
complexion and purify the breath,
mouth and throat; I also believe the
liver is greatly benefited ty the dally
use of them; they cost but 25 cents a
box at drug stores, and although in
some sense a patent preparation, yet
I believe I Ret more and better char-
coal in Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges
than in any Of the Ordinary r.bwr.oa.1
tablets."
ADVERTISEMENTS. __
■r/ftul h s^^dtftfSS^SB&y j§8y J^WffSW^™8jJ^^Bfrm^f "^ mJ HbHb^^^ \5fiBKSW feSKESi r-H - Tt 'l
\JE5M' ~^i$&£$wJ I^M *"t^Ssfi£2£l?>f«' J t \m*\ml iSsssBsssfc bsVJ^^Ss^SEBeEbsS^. <lssJMsisgj8BssrT^^% CuF*^^^*^^ ■
Young married people will find it to their advantage to call and instigate our ae^
readily makl terms to suit your convenience and start out in life with 1*™^*™™% purchase 2 made here,
toward making life a success as your own fireside. We guarantee satisracuon un c cyy
Your credit is good ! " Nuf Ced^" ' _^ 4 «
VF^^li Mahogany finished frame, upholstered in M f h^ JP c nTf* 1 *^ BM *d« «*.*.
k.Bo.an-^ XrT-£Z£Z figured tapestry, back beautifully Qao jasSd^R^JgS Sttf- 1^^
S^K'S tufted, thoroughly artistic. Price vfr/j./D «^S^j% ™^|Sfe
SETTEE— Mahoganizcd birch B^^OM^^^Siai 'ftl METAL BED— Rigid uprights,
frame, upholstered in figured tap- '^^^^■•^^ :: =^^?c?^>^^^g^V d= — %^. CHIFFONIER — Solid curved filling, finished with deco-
estry; gracefully curved arms MANTEL FOLDING BED-Goldon COSTCMkk-o « k. comnodloSS °d l-'a w?r? rated chills; a bed of quality j
and back, turned spindles and finish, top decor.ted with bevel plate m.hoCTnj or maple No p°nHed sides bevel t i M i. «,r.n^v t1> T OT
SKftl $6.75 SS^Tir/s Sins bi-P^: $7.45 $5.35
f A lRiP>r^'T < Cr DRAPERIES— It will pay you tovisitour mammoth Dra- {* A DDtHTT^
L-//^ vCY^IlL I 3 peiy Department. Call and sea the Cozv C >rner as fitted up V//"\I^I 1-W 1 *>D
this week in the Model Co ta 2 e. $30.00 complete.
Agate Pro - Brussels M .^^. ~ k!"1r^ 3"?,. h^S^tS
Taoestrv Brussels Cor)ie H I L_ 1 Si ffl K I innleum Made of the best unsrea
iouse and stable on the north side of Carl
treet, 17!) feet- east of Cole. 23x137:6, for W.
A. Mathews to U?ette L'pman; for Mrs. M.
□rant to C. ftailovan. lot on east side of Scott
ftrect. fJ:U scuth cf Page, with store and liv
ing rooms, lot 28x100 feet: a lot 25x100:3 feet,
on tho fast sido of Stanyan street. 50 feet north
of Beulah, for Timothy K. Sullivan to H. Hea-
Reity. and lut 25x100 feet, on the north line of
Halcht ftreet. 10<t feet east of Ashbury. for
Mrs. Eleanor StnnJlsh to Joseph D. Daly; lot on
south line of Haight street, S7:« feet east or
Masonic- avenue, lcr Thomas Hancock to Mar
garet Donovan.
Recent sales by G. H. Umbsen & Co.
include the following:
For R. J. Touin. lot on southeast corner of
Krarny and St. Charles streets, 9tix«iS:ft. less
1- 3S:0x34:4& on private terms; for G. S. Payne,
Improvement* ana lut. ;i7:Oxl37:O, on the north
line of l'inc i-trett. 100 east of Devisadero, for
M1.7M); (or Annie M. Schilling. Improvements
and lot. 27:»;xll'7:rt. on the north line of Bush
strett, 09 can of Bcott, for $K50O; for Mrs.
liarbara Rouiin, Improvements and lot, 50x101,
on the north line of Twenty-fourth street, 60
rast of Florida, for $8000; for Edward J.
Smith." Improvements and lot. 25x80x36:5^, In
rear, south line of Waller street. 63 feet east
of Scott, for SSOCiO; for Mrs. B. C. Nathan, lot
25x1 OH on west line of Jones street, 77 north
of Filbert, for $.1000: for A. J. Ranken, lot
25x113. on the tiouth line of Fourteenth street,
230 west of Sanchez, for $2000.
Calvin K. Knickerbocker and John
G. Barker have sold the Willard apart
ment house, with lot 137:6x137:6, an the
south line of Turk street, 100 feet east
of Gough, for $55,000.
IN .MISSION DISTRICT.
Center & Spader have sold a half
block on the northeast corner of Har
rison and Twentieth streets, 208x200,
for John Center to the California Wire
Cloth Manufacturing Company as a
site for a factory; also for John Center
and George S. Crim to a client the
northeast corner of Bryant and Divi
sion streets, 60x80; also ror a manufac
turing plant. The same brokers have
also sold the following properties:
Kate Dorian to J. Jontensen, lot 60x123 feet
and four flats on the west 5ide of Dolores
street, OS feet south of Seventeenth, for $7000;
from John Center to a client,' four lots, each
25xlC0 feet, on the east side of Bryant street,
11K> feet north of Twenty-first, for $1500 each;
from Rogfcr Carroll to Robinson Nugent, lot
30x125 feet and two flats on the east line of
Fair Oaks street. 183 feet south of Twenty
third, for ?5250; from Roger Carroll to Jerome
Mllly lot 31x117 feet and a double two-story
house on the west side of Fair Oaks street. »1
feet south of Twenty-third, for $5500; John
Center to F. H. Messow, lot 25x122:6, on the
west line of Treat aVenue. 125 feet south of
Nineteenth street, for $1650; John M. Daybait
to Paul Odermatt. lot 25x97:6 and a two-story
house on the south line of Twenty-first street.
25 feet east of York, for $3500, and David
Baum to a client, of the firm four lots, 25xl2u
feet each. In the Sunnystde Homestead, for
$ ' 5 ' VARIOUS TRANSACTIONS.
The Citizens' Building and Loan As
sociation will hold its twentieth an
nual meeting of shareholders in As
sembly Hall, Mills building, at 8
o'clock next Tuesday evening. Pro
posed amendments of the by-laws, as
presented at last year's meeting, will
be TBubmitted to. the shareholders for
their consideration. There will also
be an election of directors to serve for
the ensuing year. The secretary's
forthcoming report will show net
profits for the quarter of 2 2-10 per
cent. The board of directors at their
last meeting authorized iLs issuance of
50<J shares in series 76, beginning
March 1. Since its organization • the
Citizens' Association has repaid to its
shareholders 91.311,124, together with
profits earned , thereon of, $423,124 42.
Of this total ' sum $169,172 was dues
on matured stock and $109,128 profits
thereon, being a net gain of over 64
per cent. •
Spencer C. Buckbee has been ap-
pointed referee in partition in the suit
of Dorothy H. Katz et al. vs. Emile
C. Medau et al. for the sale of two
pieces of. property, one located on the
northwest corner of Ellis and Laguna
streets, 63x75 feet, and one on the
north line of Pine street, 206:3
feet west of Fillmore, 34:4 1 ,axl37:6
feet. Both properties are improved,
the improvements on the corner con
sisting of 1301, 1303 and 1305 La
guna street, renting for $100 per
month in all. The building on Pine
street consists of a Very good two-story
residence, renting for $50 per month.
The following sales have been made
by Hawks & Skelton.
Lot on southeast corner of B street and
Thirteenth avenue, 240x225 feet, for K. K.
Caswell, for $70C0; lot on the south side of
Greenwich street, 13.1:4 cast of Franklin.
33:4»4xl37:t>, for Harrison & Benan, for $16M>;
lot on the south side of Greenwich street, 100
feet east of Franklin, 33:4^x137:6. for the
estate of A. C. Page, for $1630: lot on the
southeast corner of I-arkln and Greenwich
streets, 50x62:6. for Mrs. Barrollhet, for $3800.
TOWARD THE OCEAN.
Recent sales reported by B. Getz are
as follows:
Isot 50x125, on the north line of Thrift street.
20O feet east of Plymouth avenue, to Frederick
Stohrer; 25x100. on the south line of West
Park street. 150 feet west of Mission, to Ellen
Cronln; 25xlC0, on the south line of West Park
street. 125 feet west of Mission, to George Fe
lix ;• 25x120, on the west line of Forty-fifth
avenue, 150 feet south of K street, also 50x120,
on the west line of Forty-first avenue. 200 feet
south of N street, to Joseph F. Butler.' CO by
125. on the north line of Thrift street, 150 east
of Plymouth avenue, to Pierre Maisonnave;
lot 60x125, on the north line of Montana street,
340 east of Orizaba, to Harry I..orentzen: 23x
120, on the east line of Forty-eighth avenue.
125 feet north of L. street, to Bertha J.
Koehncke: 25x120. on the east line of Forty
eighth avenue. 150 north of L. street, to George
Wegener; 50x120, on the east line of Forty
eighth avenue, 275 feet south of K street, to
James Glassford; 25x100, on the northwest line
of Athens street, 1C0 feet northeast fit Persia
avenue, to T. R. Tlllman; 25xl20™on the
northeast line of Londcn street. 125 feet north
east of Braxil avenue, to Lelia A. Woodhouse;
50x120, on the east line of Forty-eighth ave
nue. 175 feet north ot It street, to Ulrlch Re
mensperprer; 25x100, on tho north line of K
street, «J5 feet east of Tenth, avenue, to E. K.
Armstrong: 25x75, on the north corner of
Persia avenue and Madrid street, to Benjamin
F. Croch; 25x120. on the east line ot Nine
teenth avenue. 175 feet north of J street; to
Kugenn Marais; 25x120, on the west line of
Twelfth avenue, 225 feet south of I street, with
Improvements, from McGee & Canfleld to Hen
ry B. Lister; 50x120, on the east line of Forty
fourth avenue. 100 feet north of K street, to
Pauline E. Townes: 23x100, on the south line
of CJ street, 107:6 east of Forty-third avenue,
to Maud U. KodgerB! 23x120, on the east line
, of Ninth avenue. 150 feet north of I street, to
Catherine Franceschinl; 25x100,. on the north
west line of Edinburgh street. 100 feet north,
east of Persia avenue, to Perry J. Smith; 25x
120,' on the ea*t line of Forty-eighth avenue,
250 feet south cf K street, to Mary M. Cazatt:
Sales are reported by Sol Getz & Son
as follows:
Lots 50x120. on the east line of Thirty-sixth
avenue, ICO feet north of B street, to J. M.
Saylor for $550: 50x120. on the east line of
Forty-fourth a.v»nue, 170 feet south of B street,
to W. T. Stubo for $0C0; 25x120, on the east
line of Twelfth avenue, 150 feet north of 1*
street, to Georxe HIbblr*: 25x100, on the cast
line of South avenue, 100 feet south of Rich
land avenue, to John O. Hanson: 75x100, on
the southwest line of Persia avenue. 50 feel
northwest of , Moscow street, to J. B. Ryan
for $B00; SSxlLO. on 'the northwest line of
Athens street.' 150 feet northeast of Persia
avenue, to T. N. Prudden for $275; 25x100. on
the east line of South avenue, CO feet north
of Crescent avenue, to C. and E. NIchoIa;SOx
125, on the south line of Minerva street. 100
feet east ot Capitol street, to E. Vahlbusch
and L. Hale.
OTHER CITY DEALS.
Sales recently effected by Henry
Stem of David Stern & Sons are re
ported as follows:
Lot on the. we«t line of Devisadero street,
100 feet south of Washington, 23x100 feet, from
John Peters to George W. William, $<S500; lot
25x137:6, on the north'line of Grove street.' 175
feet eait'of Broderlck, from Georse W. Wll-
U&m to John Peter*. . $3000; aoutb*a«t corner
of Waller and Shratler streets. 35x100 feet,
frc-m John H. Dleekman to Martens & Coftey.
the architect^, for $."750; northeast corner of
Seventeenth and Xoe streets. 25x01:6, from
Henry Stern and others to O. J. Dean. $2750;
north aide of Fulton street. S0:6 west of 1a
guna. L'7:Hxl»'(t, from O. J. Blondell to the
Gold?tPin Kytatp Company. $5ftOO; south Bl<3«
of Frederick street, .".» feet west of Tremont
avenue, 5t>xioe feet, from S. W. Fuller to
Klla A. Rohlffa, $42CO: property of the Hayes
estate en the north line of Fulton street, near
Cough, lot 27:fixia7:6, to Mr. Swift. $5000:
lot on the north side of Fulton street, near
First avenue, frum Dr. J. D. Wilson to 11.
"Husted. for *20CO.
Lyon & Hoag have sold the follow
ing properties:
James C, Jordan to Daniel L«ary, 33:4x120
feet on the east side of Michigan avenue, 100
feet south of California street, in the Jordan
tract, for $185u: lot 23x137:8, on the north line
of Carl street, 325 fe«st east of Stanyan, from
H. J. Weisbrod to George II. Dacon. for
i;,0<x>; the northeast corner of Third avenue
and B street. 23x05 feet, to John C. Edgar for
J175O; lot 25x125 feet with improvements on
the west side of Chenery strett. 10O feet north
of Randall street, for $3100 to L. Oendottl.
COUNTRY AND CITY.
Chatfleld & Vinzent have sold 1123
acres of redwood timber in Mendocino
County for Peter L. Mandon to Robert
S. Ferguson of Michigan for $15,792; 400
acres of land In Lake County for
Christopher V. Malcolm to F. W. Clif
ford for $8000; to Alexander C. Nutting
for W. B. Carleton, 137 acres of grain
and hay land in Butte County for $6S50;
twenty-five acres near Novato. Marin
County, and several lotsjat Black Point,
near Novato, for Louis Crepaux to M.
T. Freitas for $3000. These brokers have
also completed the sale of lots in the
Home Park tract, Berkeley, 16S in all,
for $30,000/ The same brokers have sold
II ifiMii5*^iiiitfli A Million American Beauties H
M keep their blood pure, their com- fj
rj plexion soft and •lear, thoir li
[I -j^BMKwpBJ^^BMeSisft breath sweet and their whole j
|j bodies active and healthy with j'
II MMJMraMHftJBraBMmB t OASOARETS Candy Cathartic.
H m^S^^^^W^^^^ —iisliL Thanuickeffecta of OASOARETS
n T^B9>ffl^^BpSSOiL^ " QOJ as astern cleaners and blood
u «^^^ ~&-"' ;sK?- P^flers; their promptness in
w «p?®p^^8^ ,««s3»£i^s«&\ curin ST pimples, boils, blotches,
H «»isf j(&ws£&?* } ,'Wa. i liver spot3, blackheads, and in
S 3a /fe— W /^lEHBBi' Kf B ' w ' o eteninfir a tainted breath,
a ggf «S*1^K^T^1^» have become known through the
a / 2f| *«S^ s &i««B > tf?jB "words of ladies who have
H tried them. Hence the sale of
« lUk. OVER A MILLION BOXES A
M j£Si|ak. MONTH. Tho quickest, surest
m way to beauty is to cleanse tho £j
§§ JffiSSlBffflHr^'""^ blood, for Beauty's Blood Deep. ||
M >4^*iilP-iSliMi^ Tno rul8 for Purifying the f\
*1 r t l>raSX3^',1aSS&^ blood is to keep the bowels free,
S /sS^P^P^^^^^^w firently but positively with CAS-
9 >w9/X CARETS. All druggists, 10c,25c,
ra Y f "Thmy makm mm 6Oc Never sold in bulk. The gen-
£| ' f fmmt *m good." uine tablet stamped O O O. Sam-
S§ / pie and booklet free. Address
« / STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, Chicago or New York.
i^^^at£^ DY CATHARTIC mm^^^^^\
I ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES f
jiuuLiiiujuj • "I
in this city 25x137:6 feet on the north
line of Ellis street, 82:8 feet west of
Franklin, with three flats, for Morris
& Koaskl to •William Muche for $19,000.
These sales of country lands have
been made by C. M. Wooster for the
Sacramento Valley Land Company
through De Jarnett & Son of Colusa:
To S. P. Forest, 1215 acres of th« Bogss
ranch for $63,050: 2SO acres of the Packer
ranch to Etter A Hubbard. for $19,0OO; forty
acres in the BoKgs ranch to Dr. Farrer ot
Vermont for *360O; eighty acres In th« tamt
ranch to H. S. Edwards of Alden, Iowa, for
$4000: fifty acres in the same parcel to H. F.
Stevens for $4500, and 14«t acres la t!» Glenn
ranch to M. French for $3S40. In addition
the C. M. Wooster Company ha» sold forty
acres at Redwood for $10,000 and a T5-acre
orchard In Santa Clara County for th« estate
of L. Lour>* for *3O.00O. besides several prop
erties in San Martin rar.cho. Santa Clara
County.
The Hahnemann Hospital, to stand
on the southeast corner of California
and Maple streets, will cost about
$110,000.
On the southeast corner of Mission
and Twenty-second streets a three
story building, to contain a theater and
store, -will be erected at a cost of $40,000.
On the southeast corner of Powell and
O'Farrell streets a seven-story brick
lodging-house will be ercted for Mrs.
Mlnifee, to cost about $60,000.
A thirty-eight room hotel ttIII be
built on Pine street, near Polk street
and Van Ness avenue, by James Pat
rick, the cost of which will be $23,000.
Speck & Co. began to remove yester-.
day to their new quarters at 209 Mont*
gomery street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.f^ADV^RJI^EMENT^ ,
GOING! G-OING!! GONE!!!
HERPICiDE WILL JAVE IT. HERPICIDE WILL SAVE IT TOO LATE FORHERPICIDE
Newbro's Herpicide
An Exquisite Hair Dressing.
TH^ ORIGINAL REMEDY THAT "KILLS THE DANDRUFF GERM."
«*°&E*™i E £&£\ i [ r .f : W*' Somc ™narc DISEASED HAIR AFFZCTS FACIAL
S^^sSS^lSffi&SSgg %$£&■ EX PR ESSION. The face is a mirror of the mind
when ir^cur^blc baldness comes, they waste time and' and manv women lose their youthful appearance by
Doneytn irain endeavor to overcome the result 2; of brooding over sbmci physical misfortune that might
t'h'eWf'^V^AC a tjm k° remedied. Casting beauty conies from the con-
uUnuvvrscVn^crfdl^W^Surc'^ -iousness that both l, f .ir and skin arc perfectly
make licht of the germ theory, but it isn't cood taste hc:i!th v. as nature gave them, and this form ot beaut*
to do it now. when municipal governments arc send- shows through even the most irregular features. A
ing scientific men to suppress germ contusion' woman may be perfect in form and her complexion
tn^V-rovilV^I 3^r doctor about him) was the first may rival the color of the rose, but if it is her misfor-
c?JV ,f . „ \'5 uat;dr , urt microbe, and now dermatolo- tune to have scant or lifeless hair, that misfortune
m .^«!. ° VCr .? Vv ' lhat truc dant! ™ff is a con- will continually wound her pride and be reflected in
TH c rVii w b S a :C b iSJ' B, B Si?l- her face. To such women Hcrpicidc is a positive
"-^T RlTw. 1 .i IC , °y* D IT * Dr3 - La5 - delight. It gives confidence by quickly producing the
«rl^ f™ ,1 ? Otl 3 "? Cd s 5 lc:Ul * tg . *«& dandruff -correct" effect. Makes the hair light, fluffy, and
:53rvJnS?lU£! " cad . of a stude "t who was losing his gives it an -indescribable charm. A single trial will
I (Z V, 7kkJ ?i A " C a pomadc of tllcm witK vase- convince. Contains no oil or grease, will not stain
line, rubbed the fame upon a guinea-pig and the pic or dvc
oceanic ba<d. (See George Thomas Jackson. M. D., crops; iTrinvr nv tttv <ZC\^ P ivctavti V
or .Diseases of Skin, 4 th Edition.) Newbro's Herpi- STOPb ITCHING OI^ THE SCALl INSTANTLY,
cine should be used at the. fir«;i smnrrctirm ™( >i»n
druff or itching sca i p it pretente scalp infectio" A Callfornlan Who Prevented Baldness by
.robs the public hairbrush of its power to do harm! Using Herpicide In Time.
TUp'V Amte Cl^ dandruff and StO ? faIlillJI hair -
"to iicrm^r Jnl -• KN . OW - . ? hc !»<*«« afc quick "I was raoidly becoming bald; mv" scalp itched so
with them the n ; ?C T d co » dltl °n of the hair, for awfullv bad I u-as constantly scratching and could
dS« SHeuhrl ; Ur v 1 , mP " 1SC r,° f W***™*™* aP- hardly sleep. About three months a C o
?v£ilS?1«fr I Natl i rC ,f £ h . ar , min * Adornment. I B atv your ad. declaring dandruff to .•
When the hair becomes dull brittle . or lustreless it be a S erm disease and that Newbro's
* U sliov/s tnat the dandruff microbe has Hcrpicidc v.-ould destroy the jscrm. I
\ I ..., planted itsclt in the <ca!p and is decided to jri.vc it a trial. In less than • &}»«^3-
Ir*al/*S|^ sappmp the hairs vitality. In time 10 days the itchin* had entirely WhWf/'S\
' \WK W/fM , j f a ,?- Se da »druff, itching stopped; " in 30 days the dandruff- ,ffln/'lA
;^;£: mjfS^- s . ca 'P a , nd /ailing hair. This condi- stopped failinp. I discovered mv -yp3ffltV/$
■Tit.lj H >j &-^ on ca ']s for the immediate use of scalp tx> be covered with .1 hcalthv fl frW&A )\
%^t~rW». N <T Cwbro , s Herpicide. The wonderful growth of short new hair. I'm in- JJ^SBPh 4 r-
i%1&&izM c , ;ifot r ', r th . e vcry first application debted to the most wonderful hair <M^m5&T
i'-^i 4'fe shows that it will "destroy the cause." restorer I've ever heard of." S'-^^Slvw* /
V?&BFt£$s& sftcr which the hair will crow as na- (Sipned), OSCAR W. NASH. W > j2S^KS3v' f
[.V-'-fe^^V'" T.ovcinck P. p.. O.I. 'WHm
Wi^^S - AT LEADING °RUG STORES, OR SENT PREPAID FROM DETROIT, /SMIMM
MICH., ON RECEIPT of 81.00. XM$MP
At Trog Btsrei tl-00. Seed 1C« in stanpi to THE HERPICIDE CO. Detroit, Mich., fjr iamjle.
A Healthy flair "Destroy the Cause— You Remove the Effect." An Unhealthy Hair
Coin ict Murnhv Sentenced to Die.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 27. — Superior
.Jufice Hart this morning denied the
motion for a new trial in the case of
Convict Joseph Murphy, convicted of
n«urd'M- In the first degree, and sen-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nothing Succeeds
LIKE
Why the Success of the Electro-Chemic In=
stitute in San Francisco? Why Is' the
Electro'Chemic Practice, in Less Than Two
Years' Time, the Largest Medical and
Electrical Practice on the Pacific Coast?
jrj^ _ Simply because it i* successful. Patients
iT U-^^l^^PV *ho for y'ars have fufffred in Fplt* of all that
/TfgSS. jK/^|V&jL . the old-line medical treatment* could do for
i*$V**^K\. /jfirJ»\Vffyl| them have been quickly, thoroughly anl
'Ir'^V^ -// fi»2&nC$P cheaply cured by Electro-Chemistry. Women
t TS§: 'V j^~j: *^e5ySM have b * en kPrt off the °P eratini? tabl °- Ca-
i l.'^SSsr tarrh that has been rapidly developing into
.^i t^Y^^ffil consumption has been promptly controlled and
Jr ~Vv^^ j7 ~t- -Jc$\!^\\^K curtd. Kidney diseases pronounced incurable
M \ 5>w^r l/jy^^VVXvv^X fc y * ood f * mll > r doctors have been quickly and
m * ml ft it li VvvViAl thorourhly cured. Kheumatlam or years'
. M 1 O iL-n ' 'II nil ftanding: that vu paralyxlnK the sufferer has
§ I toil til II HH be * n «I«lckly »nd permanently cured. Men
» B // ///>MiUl It 'Jf Ui wh0 had riven up all hopes of ever being
I ,f//Jf/f/S{r)\ Ji ' * 1/ UK cured have been eo quickly and perfectly cured
A 'yvMvlAli'Um^ ■ U'fjt that It has aJmost seeired magical.
KC/////t%/ > n l*J>\ nVJi I>eafnrss, disrherpinu. painful and rlnKlri?
t$\ '//mii&i&Jl if} l \ ft If I *-ar», the-lon»r Btandinp nnd had cases which
- R //f^USSX rf t «S*J i lilt 1 »re n&t benefited by any medical treatment,
Q \W*2ffiflJi?£*3cSSsSLI have b*en cured by the Klectro-Chemio tre.it-
,*--■' j/j pff*?t'l(( (I C T^V rr.ent, which is npplied directly to the ears and
More Electro-Chemic Instruments and More
Room Necessary.
fiT^ir lew n-onths 'haa made it absolutely necessary that more room and more lnstru-
tl.e t+*i lew Y'?« r ,he accommodation cf this wonderfully Increasing practice.
B*nts be *W c */°J.^ c a S c Snilve Electro-Chemic apparatus has Just been Installed, and
' *.~;. A Td,f« the rreVrnt cTpacty is exhausted more will be added. Nothing will be al-
|u*t a« mam «« the r***?™^^^ the greatest healme apency of the twentieth century.
• jwtdw thr^^* S s t» have the experience and ekill to do the work and the lnstltu-
?!oS hi^ihi."^ "Tc° to^u'b uTe Breit work of curing the sick so that all who will may come.
l_j_ 1 11 r.ji—'L **tJ mmmlt A ■|/"'"J!'"y CONSULTATION
ft— II ■ 1— TpJ Sb«5 J B>m| Mnd Electro-Chemic
cite JbwdbMinival EXAMINATION
,r. thoniaadi who txe irreatly In need of Electro-Cfcemiitry' who know
.2?^T-£«!t^i ♦ xrl r«J 1 iaSoni that all ohall knoT7 of it. therefora at a srreat
ncthiasr ftboiit ,it^ Wo «■%»£*£^t, ftU t3 comt to us for .a thoroujrh Electro-
lees it ."iSf^taoStely »•• ot ohartre. Tho reffiUar prlco ot thi« most
Che=sl^ r^S*S& £ Trivo Dollar., ror a limited time it is free to all. »o
thcrou«rh exai^tion tter of how lonjr .taadlnr. Wo mat-
matter wtat : year ■»»» « experieaced in your endeavors to ret cured.
cSnVJc-^fdSSItlS enyVay. It will at l«.t Bhow whether you are curable
•?i^nct! %l ouSSSe to you will cost you notUar.
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC OXTIE^IEjS
HOME TREATMENT w^ mSm ™" * *—*
■• - .* m ss-tnicr- »houl<J come to our office for personal examination • when
. I'cr-cns liv:njr . t <=I_tarc i mpof: !nble a full description of symptoms ehould
••■'"' "V'.T^ M in tradto'or licme exiir-lnatlon end treatment will be promptly
1^^^ ° Ur h ° me trcat:nent P atlcntB frce
. ,re; £ . unM. cured l^LU.Ur, H8 Graflt ATC, COH POSt St..
The Electro=Cfaemic Institute, s aD Francisco.
• ivi.r,B-ivT 11 Klir-ui<3 be remembered that this i»th» enly iMtituUon on the Pacific
• IMJ'OR.ANT -11 ni^i-ia r>c re ha<1 w< are Jn no m , nner connected
.> e! ; «-h«» in* Eleetro-Chemic tre.l«>«n p ve , nor usfMa outMe wr offlce . T h9
.wilh -:ny otlier -cr-^. W ha-e "°^ ntlr= thcmsclvM t0 be , n any raaniier
P U:l': .* • rt arnf<".thaf an L n r . r .^,c ineUtute. US Grant ave.. fan FrancUco. and on the
connoted with the Klectro-Chemic ineu«i . v| mp o»tors.
r^J&KX^OV^T^TZTl m "nd C 7 to 8 p!*m. dallr. Sunday.. 10 a. m. to 1
P r ' : CP\nAT!: *r.d IT.IVATi: apartnenU are maintained for the accommodation of our
Iti;"and ffentlt.-ra:i
tenced him to be hanged at Folsom
State prison on May 20 next. Murphy
was one of the participants in the
break at the Folsom prison on the 27th
of last July and which resulted in the
death of Prison Guard W. L. Cotter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2S, 1904.
BANKS REPORT
LARGE SURPLUS
Statement by Associated In
stitutions Shows Remark
able* Increase in Deposits
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.—The Finan
cier says: One feature of the state
ment of the New York Associated
Banks last week was the gain of $4.
617.300 in cash, an amount $878,600
greater than that which was estima
ted from the traceable movements of
money during the week, and the total
holdings are now the highest ever re
ported. Another feature was the
high record for specie holdings by the
banks, these being $21,400,000 larger
than the highest previous amount,
which was $195,890,400, February 9,
1901. Still another feature was the
new high record for the year in sur
plus reserve.
SURPLUS OF $41,840,675.
The discrepancy between the in
crease in cash as officially reported
and that which was estimated was
probably due to the average for one
day; of a transfer hither of $625,000
gold from San Francisco on Friday
and also to the return of some of the
money which was sent to Baltimore a
fortnight ajro. which return move
ment was unrecorded in the estimates.
The deposits were decreased by the
comparatively small sum of $105,200,
and the required reserve was thereby
reduced by $26,300; this amount
added to the increase fn cash made
$4,f«43,000 as the gain In surplus re
serve to $32,150,200. Computed upon
the basis of deposits less those of $38,
761.900 public funds, the surplus is
$41,840,675.
It is noteworthy that the Govern
ment deposits increased during the
week by $764,400, making $1,868,600
since the first week in February, re
flecting the concentration in the spe
cially designated depositories at New
York of deposits which have already
been withdrawn from country institu
tions in anticipation of the call for the
surrender of 20 per cent of the public
funds.
LOANS DECREASE.
Loans decreased $4, 229, 700 last
week, making a reduction of $9,360,
800 in the fortnight, indicating the
light inquiry for Stock Exchange re
quirements and the partial satisfac
tion of the demand from syndicate and
corporation borrowers; the circulation
decreased $332,300. The statement
showed a good proof, the sum of the
decrease in loans and in deposits being
$282,400 less than the increase in cash.
The daily average of clearings for
the five days was $178,000,000, or the
same as for the six days of the pre
vious week; the clearings on Saturday,
reflecting Friday's business, were
$176,853,917, or below the average.
The statement was made. up on rising
averages for cash and therefore this
week's return should show an increase
in this item. But with the Inquiry for
loans, small as it is now and is likely
to be In the near future, increases in
cash tend, to Intensify, the monetary
congestion. Comparisons of changes
in loans show that six banks reduced
this item by $2,300,000 net; the cash
in eight banks increased by $3,000,000
net. ... .
Policeman Sccnrcs a Divorce.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 27. — Judge Sea
well to-day granted an interlocutory
decree of divorce to Louis P. Mego, u
Petaluraa policeman, from Sarah M.
Me&o, on the ground of extreme cru
elty. . ' ■■ ::'.'. .'.';[:■ \ : .. .- ' :
STOCK MARKET
AT STANDSTILL
Thursday's Eally Discour
ages Small Traders From
Attempting to Move Prices
BROKEES ABE. NERVOUS
Oriental Situation and the
Fear of a Strike in Coal
Regions Depresses Buyers
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— To-day's stock
market was almost idle and the drift of
prices was listless in the extreme and
toally insignificant. Yesterday's set
back to the rally which occurred on
j Thursday discouraged the traders from
; attempting to move prices, and to-day's
•trading indicated that the market is
j awaiting some new development to give
• an initiative to prices. The fact that
another decision day of the Supreme
Court is imminent, with a decision in
I the Northern Securities case possibly to
I be handed down, aggravated the dull
ness. The beginning of the Paris stock
market settlement is another motive
for a waiting attitude In the securities
i market. The London market was prac
tically stagnant in response to this in
fluence. Pennsylvania's response to the
annual report was an advance of one
eighth, and Reading closed unchanged
in spite of the heavy decrease in the
net earnings for January.
The bank statement revealed a larger
gain in cash than indicated by the pre
liminary estimates, but speculative sen
timent would be more. encouraged were
there evidence of a more active use of
money in business. The decrease in
loans was not clearly explained, unless
by a report that some of the clearing
house banks have intimated to trust
companies their disinclination to carry
heavy deposits at 2 per cent. The mar
ket closed almost stagnant, but easy
and at small losses.
Total sales of bonds, par value, $410,
j 000.
I PRICES GO BACKWARD.
The tone of the stock market during
the week has been hesitating and Irreg
ular, Thursday's sharp recovery serv
ing to bring prices back almost exactly
to where they left off on Saturday last.
Conditions affecting values have not
perceptibly changed, the influences
which have depressed prices remaining
in force. The market, however, has
shown signs of being oversold, and the
day-to-day traders have been keenly
alive to signs that the decline in prices
had reached a point sufficient to offset
the conditions which brought it about.
The borrowing demand for stocks on
the Stock Exchange showed the build
ing up of a considerable short Interest
where demand to cover contracts might
be relied upon to effect a rally in prices
whenever conclusive evidence should
appear that the genuine selHng had de
creased so far as to promise. n6 hope
of a further decline. The foreign'situa
tion has had a dominating* Influence
upon the domestic stock market,, and
the troubled markets abroad have kept
alive the depression here. ' * '_ .
It is clear that the foreign stock
markets had not prepared themselves
adequately for the outbreak of hos
tilities between Russia and Japan, the
continental bourses especially showing
that strong hope was felt, up to the
outbreak of hostilities, that a peaceful
outcome would be secured. The vio
lent decline in the Russian industrial
and Government securities, which are
held in a great volume both in France
and Germany, involved heavy losses
and forced liquidation in other securi
ties for which there was a readier
market. Conspicuous in this class are
American securities, and the amount of
these which have come home to be
-sold effectually refund the contention
that foreign markets had been stripped
of American securities during the boom
of the last few years.
' FAILURES IN EUROPE.
The week's failures In European
banking circles and the money require
ment to be met* have effected the local
market for exchange and have helped
to lift it toward the gold export point.
Reports have been current that the
Russian Government was preparing to
draw down its heavy balances with
come of the great banks of Western
Europe. The dread of entanglement of
other powers in the Far East quarrel
or In the threatened outbreak in the
Balkans has been an additional dis
turbing element in all of the world's
markets and has been an important
influence upon our wheat market.
The nervous condition of our stock
market on Tuesday, while the Supreme
Court was in session, and the possibil
ity that a decision in the Northern Se
curities case was hanging over the
market, was a proof of the unsettling
influence which that market still has
GRAPE-NUTS.
TIMELY CALLING.
How the Pastor Saved a Life.
A man near Fort Gay, W. Va., made
an entire failure in getting: strength
from ihe kind of food he ate, and, not
knowing that the trouble was with the
food, kept on losing health until the
doctors gave him up to die.
It was supposed to be' consumption,
because he was wasting away steadily
and slowly dying. His minister called
from time to time and one day brought
along a package of Grape-Nutsy think-
ing from what hejenew of the famous
food that perhaps~it might help him.
The sick man took to it at once and
from that day began to get well. In
writing- he says:
"I walked to town to-day, three
miles. Have gained over forty pounds
in about two months and my neigh-
bors don't know what to say. I fre-
quently am told it was as if I am
raised from the dead. Everybody here
knows of my case, you can tell people
to write to the postmaster or Rev. L.
D. Bryan. I will make a. sworn state-
ment that Grape-Nuts saved my life."
Name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek. MSch. 1
This is another illustration that
where all other food fails one can 'be
brought back to health and strength
6n. Grape-Nuts.- "There's a reason."
. Look In each package for the fam-
ous little book, "The Road to Well-
ville." ' . • , ■ > ■ :
TRAGERS. I FRAGERS | PRAGERS
I The Policy of This Store Has Not Changed. The Usual Courtesies Will Continue j
Royal iTfll J Go-Carts.
j£2.5O for 100 NkLX -■npk_-^ ■ L d< w : tJl ru bber tire:
5i- a ? for 50 p| • AL,W£!TS RELIABLE extension seat and
ooc tor 25 BM ■ parasol top. Worth
Regular 5 c quality. J+ 1238~ 12 50 MARKE T ST.J&Ss 5 °-
A Special Shipment* of Newest* Style A Grand Showing cf Advance Colors
Garments for Women Is Shown. and Materials in Dress Goods and Silks.
A PARTICULARLY beautiful and appropriate \\ /HEN our new spring stock is completed it
display is being prepared for to-morrow's busi- W« *"'^ e t * ie S reatest °f ' ts kind in this city,
ness. We have been very fortunate in securing There arc already sample lines of every-
our new spring stock early in the season, and are thing bought, so that the very best bargains are to
able therefore to give you the very fcest selection at be had right now.
some remarkably low special prices. DRESS GOODS.
SAMPLE LINE OF JACKETS. 43c a yard— Corded veiling, a spring material for
200 beautiful high-class Parisian sample jackets I street or evening wear; colors navy, gray, pink, sky
made of English whipcords and Wrombo coverts; I bl " e - crea "» and black. . .
elegantly tailored with new long Tuxedo lapels; 38c to jpl.oO a yard— Black Mohair. Arrival of
lined with plain or fancy silks; the latest novelties spring alpaca places us 111 a position to deliver bet-
in sleeves. The styles are exclusive. We will sell ter values in this popular black material than ever
them at almost one-half their regular prices. before; all widths and weights; one-fourth less than
SUITS ' re *"' ar once-
sleeves. They come in blues, browns and blacks. p sr>c a vard^- 2 .; nch an . woo i Sanglier. an ever-
Sin "gularly^22 O o. . , rcadv fabric for hard wear; heaw in effect but li K ht
9 10. 75— Some splendid values in women's extra • »*»„_„ TT«n^1T« ciu W <?t -.- •, v ,rrl
size suits; among them a handsome Lymansville m texture. LsnaHy sells for $i.-\-, a jard.
cheviot; black; neatly tailored; jacket all silk lined 3ILK5.
and has the newest style sleeves; sizes 42 to 50 bust 65c a yard— ig-inch Louisine silk: gray and
measure. Regular $25.00 suits. We will make it a white stripes and checks, narrow and medium
special feature this season of carrying extra sizes in widths. These silks will be much in evidence this
tailored suits. ■ spring for shirt waist suits.
Big Values in New Wash Goods. Fancy Goods That* Are in Demand.
EVERYBODY has been waiting for the arrival r I 'HIS is a sale of several very desirable lines of
of these new goods, and now that they are' J, fancy goods at reduced prices. In conjunction
here and are greater values tharf we anticipa- «vith this sale we are selling some veils that
ted there will undoubtedly be much buying. Don't have just been unpacked. There never was anv-
postpone this opportunity for goods that cannot be thing prettier than these.
equaled in style and price. VEILS.
10c a yard — New cashmere waistings. 85e and 91.00 each — Newest spring veils; pretty
8 l-3c a yard — Sheer dress lawns. effects in chiffon: ijj yards long.
12y 2 c a yard — Figured dotted Swisses. 5Oc each— A lar?e and complete assortment of
10c a yard — New spring etamincs. Tuxedo veils: new chenille dot effects; come in
~i'2.y 2 c a yard — Zephyr ginghams. black and colors.
iioe a yard— Satin foulards. . RIBBONS.
2.1c a yard — Silk ginghams. 15c a vard — Satin taffeta ribbon: all silk in all
50c a yard — Embroidered pongees. the newest shades in Xo. 40. Regular 25c value.
Fine Footwear. Hosiery Specials. Drug Sundries, j Kitchen Utensils.
MEN. women and £>DME new designs A LL the requirements T UST Took at these ar-
children can be and colors prevail in jf"\ of the toilet are to tides and the spe-
supplied with the this season's ho- be found here. j cial prices marked
most serviceable and siery stock. We have 15c and 45c — Murray anc * decide if such a
stylish shoes at little 4hem, and in large quan- & Lanman's Florida wa- chance should be missed.
cost in this popular dc- tities at the right prices. ter; worth 25c and 75c. 25c— Royal steel enam-
partment. 25c a pair— Women's 20e a pint— Best witchl elcd 10-inch colander;
*2.5O_Good service- French lisle; newest lace haze , worth 35c
able sho« for men; Vici e n c , ts ' m 2O dlfferent de " <j 5c bottle-Listerine; «Sc_6-quart soup pot;
kid or box calf, lace. *\±y, v a pair-Women's regular $1.00 value. Royal steel enameled
heavy extension soles and Maco cotton hose: double 20c and 40c — Mission ware. Two handles.
London toes. , K ee J S Hn?«r,? n w SO J. e3 b SSS" olive cream. 40c— i^-quart teapct.
jjll.OO-Misses' fine br j2vS -I p^-Boys' bid 13c -Violet Talcum in Royal steel enameled
footwear; Vici kid, lace, cycle rib; double knees, powder. >vare. Special,
coin toes, spring heels, heels and toes Guaranteed 40c and SOe— Pinaud's 2Sc— 2^-qtiart lipped
medium soles and kid for hardwear. Woruf 20c a eau de q"» n 'n e ; regular 50c saucepan in Royal steel
tips. Sizes 12 to 5. pair. ' " and $1.00. ware.
and the likelihood of recurring ner
vousness on each decision day of the
court until the case is finally disposed
of. It is evident that the decision
when handed down, whatever may be
its tenor, will relieve the market from
one repressive influence. The declin
ing tendency of railroad earnings has
continued and the stock market is in
clined to wait for better weather con
ditions for proof of the contention that
snow blockades and impaired oper
ating efficiency from extreme cold
weather are responsible for all of the
decline in the present volume of traf
fic. The progress of the war over
grain rates, both on Western lines and
on the trunk lines, v is a cause of anx
iety over future traffic. The bitter
ness of the competition for these fu
ture contracts throws some doubts
upon the claims of railroad officials of
confidence in the maintenance of the
volume of traffic.
STRIKE EXPECTED.
The market is considering the ne
cessity of an adjustment also to a pos
sible great strike in the soft coal re
gions owing to the radical difference
In the claims of the miners for an in
crease in wages and of operators for
the necessity of a reduction.
Money on call Is extremely easy,
largely owing to the almost stagnant
condition of the stock market, but of
fering of loans have become less
abundant. Languid demand for
money outside. of railroad borrowing
and the falling off in the volume of the
bank clearings are regarded with some
misgivings as possible indications of
decreased business activity. The pos
sible delay in the settlement of the
Panama payments will disarrange
plans already effected for an early
completion of that operation, but ha3
caused no fear of embarrassment thus
far. The continued lack of moisture
in the Southwestern wheat field has
been a subject of attention, but with
out appreciable effect thus far on
prices of stocks.
The bond market has been dull and
irregular in sympathy with stocks.
United States bonds were unchanged
on call.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPIiE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President Issues Commissions to Post
masters in California, Idaho and
Washington— Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.— The follow
ing Postmasters have been commis
sioned: California — Grace E. Fuller,
Anderson; Henry S. Mclntyre, Prune
dale; John A. Lewis, Los Nietos; .War
ner J. Kellum, ■ Burnett. Idaho — John
A. Johnson Jr., Tyson. Washington-
Glen H. Elder, Stellacoom; John F.
Spangle,, Cheney.
Special, orders, War Department-
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas C. Wood-
bury, Thirteenth Infantry, is relieved
from duty af Fort McDowell, Califor
nia, and will proceed to Fort Thomas,
Kentucky, and assume command of the
Third Infantry. Major Louis A. La
gardc, surgeon, is relieved from duty
in this city, to take effect upon comple
tion of duties assigned him in a letter
from the office of the adjutant general
dated October 8, 1903, and will proceed
to San Francisco and report to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for transportation to the
Philippine Islands. Second Lieutenant
Claire R. Bennett, Eighth Infantry, will
proceed from Fort Jay, New Yorkr to
Camp Skatway. Alaska, with a view
to • his appointment as quartermaster
and commissary of that battalion. Ma
jor R. Adams, Inspector general, is re
lieved from duty in the Philippine divi
sion and will proceed to San Francisco
and report^ to the commanding general
of the Pacific division for duty as as
sistant to inspector general of the lat
ter division. Major John P. WIsser, ar
tillery corps, acting inspector general,
is relieved from duty in the inspector
general's department and as assistant
to the inspector general of the Pacific
division, to take effect upon arrival of
Major Thomas R. Adams, inspector
general, at the headquarters of that
division, and will then proceed and take
station at Fort Miley, California, for
duty. Lieutenant Colonel Daniel H.
Erush, Eleventh Infantry, is detailed
as. acting inspector general. He is re-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\
You Can Save Money
on Your Piano.
The amount of money you are
going to spend for a piano is suffi-
ciently large to demand some con-
sideration.
Of course, quality counts, too.
Combining these two things,
Sherman, Clay & Co. have the best
$6.00 a month proposition to make
that you can find in San Francisco.
They are known for their principles
of square dealing and easy terms.
Hundreds of homes are bright-
ened with pianos on account of
their making the financial side easy.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
STEINWAY DEALERS
Kearny and Sutter Sts., S. F.
lieved from duty at headquarters, De
partment of Missouri, and will proceed
to Manila. Philippine Islands, and re
port to the commanding general for
duty as assistant to the inspector gen
eral of that division.
Sues Slayers of Her Husband.
WINCHESTER, Ky., Feb. 27.— Mra.
Arabella Marcum, for herself and
children, to-day filed suit in the Cir
cuit Court against James Hargis, Alex
ander Hargis, Ed Callahan and B. F.
French for $100,000 damages. She
alleges in her petition that the defend
ants entered into a conspiracy with
Curtis Jett and Tom White to murder
her husband, the late J. B. Marcum.
Callahan was formerly Sheriff of
Ereathitt County. Jett and White are
now in Jail in Louisville.
2930
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Popular
Vote of 1904
Is Unanimously In Favor of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets-They Are
the Nation's Favorite.
: Xo article on the market, whatever
b« the purpose for which it was
created, can be a phenomenal success
and be universally popular unless it
possesses great and unfailing merit.
Inferior and worthless articles may
nourish for a limited time if their
praises a.re sung by sufficient clever
and catchy advertising; but their days
are numbered from the start and their
finish is a foregone conclusion. This is
an age of the survival of the fittest,
and only articles of true worth endure.
The unparalleled and phenomenal
success of Stuan's Dyspepsia Tablets
from a business standpoint is not un- ,
natural nor surprises. It is due di- i
rectly to their unparalleled and phen-
omenal success in curing multiplied
thousands of cases of dyspepsia
throughout the English-speaking :
world. 1
The reason of the wonderful success
of Stuart'c Dyspepsia Tablets is so [
plain and simple that a, child can un-
derstand. It is this and nothing j
more; they are natural in their work- ,
iii^s and effects. They take up the
work of the worn and wasted stomach '■
and do It just as the stomach did when
It was well and strong and able. They
actually digrest the food and do it thor- j
oughly, completely and independently, '
thus giving the weak and weary
Ktonuu.li an opportunity to renew and
regain its wasted strength. You for- j
ga that you have a stomach just as
. you did when you were a healthy boy
or girl and nature restores and heals
that organ and makes it well and
strong.
A St. Louis business man says: "I
was a confirmed dyspeptic for years.
What I ate had to be forced down and j
most of it soured or lay like lead in
my stomach and did me no good. I
was in constant misery both in mind
and body and came to be cranky,
morose and irritable. My natural dis-
position, which was cheerful and !
pleasant, left me and I was alienating
all my friends. The doctors did me no
good. . I got so I hated the sight or
name of a doctor. My wife finally
worried me into buying a box of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which I
began taking under protest, as I had
no fiiith in anything or anybody. I j
was sore on creation.- j
71 had not taken a third of that box ;
before I noticed a decided and most j
welcome change. I could enjoy a good
meal and feel no bad effects following !
it. I forgot my stomach and had a |
chance to think about something else.
I went ahead with my business in ease
and comfort. Six boxes of Stuart's
Dyspepia Tablets at a total outlay of
$3 cured me completely and I have
not suffered a pain from dyspepsia for !
two years. I have an appetite like a '
16-year-old boy. I wish every one !
who suffers from dyspepsia could I
know what a change this great remedy
made in me."
tjtuai;fs Dyspepsia. Tablets are for
sale by druggists everywhere at 50
cents a box. All druggists carry them
and the best doctors are prescribing
them. You need not fear that you will j
exer be unable to get them; for, be-
cause of the good they have done
mankind and the suffering they have
relieved and the happiness they have
caused, the fame and the success and
the popularity of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets from generation unto genera-
tion will endure.
the wear comes.
The coat that has jjopd lin- ||
ings and is made well inside as I
well as outside is the coat that I
All our clothes are thor- t =
oughly made and our Fl •
dollar-a-week payments ||
are an additional advantage H
that you should have and can B
Open evenings until 7; Sat- I
urtlays until o p. m. a
Tailoring Co.. I j
850 Market Street J|
>f^K IMPROVED A^N
vS Eyeglasses a!
1 S ani ' v*<
{J Spectacles t]
s^ggj weak: twein
&S4 ' tSa UK- HAULS P.K1NV1GORATOK
|pH* ■Si »topn all loeees and unnatural du-
B charrei in 24 hours. You f M j an
tfTTT rim improvement frcm the tir»t dose.
Wfl Rlni Vt bave no much confidence It. our
|i|JJ LL&j treatment th«t we offer live Han-
tr:il_fiSit drtd reward 'or *ny ca*e we c*n-
«M>H«E21 not cure. Thl» secret remedy cui-r*
leu power, nightly emissions, wasted orxans.
\arlcoctle. crUet. «>lrhrturea. kidneys, failing
jr. emery, drains in the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease of the prostate glands and all ether terri-
ble effects of tclf-abuMj or exvekitet, which lead
on to ccnaumptlou and death. Positively cure*
the worst cases tn old or- young of that morti-
fying condition, quicknem of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed, S3
per bottle, three bottles, SS. Guaranteed la
cure any cxsk.
Cell or addrew orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. S55 Bread way. Oakland. Cal.
>.l«o for sale at lOTS'i Market St.. S. F. Send
for free book.
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
TAKE APPEAL
FROM JUDGMENT
3IacIicn and Associates Are
Sentenced toliiiprisoninent
for Two Years in Prison
MUST ALSO PAY FINES
Defendants Are Released on
Bail Pending Review of
Case in the Higher Court
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— August W.
Macben,* formerly general superintend
ent of the free delivery postal service;
Dr. George F. Lorenz of Toledo, once
Postmaster of that city, and Diller Ii.
GrofT of this city, all of whom were
convicted of conspiracy against the
Government in connection with the
supply of Groff fasteners to the Post
office Department, to-day were sen
tenced by Judge . Pritchard to two
years' imprisonment in the Mounds
ville, "W. Va., penitentiary and a fine of
$10,000 each. The defendants imme
diately gave notice of appeal to the
Court of Appeals and were released on
$20,000 bonds.
Samuel A. Groff. as to whom Special
Counsel Conrad for the Government
said some days ago that there was not
sufficient evidence to convict, was not
sentenced, and his motion for a new
trial and for arrest of judgment being
allowed further consideration, his coun
sel was given four days within which
to prepare to argue the motions. The
sentence imposed on Machen, Lorenz
and Dilier B. Groff was the maximum
allowed under the law, although the
court, contrary to the contentions of
the prosecution, decided that the sev
eral counts in the indictment consti
tuted but one offense. The appeals to
the upper court will be pressed as rap
idly as possible, according to the de
fense, but months may elapse before
they can be heard.
The Government has not yet decided
on its next step In the prosecution of
the postal cases, in which there have
been so many indictments in which
Machen is named involving offenses
other than that covered in the indict
ment on which he has already been
convicted, which will be pressed for
trial next. There are fourteen indict
ments against Machen, either singly
or jointly with others, and the Govern
ment expects to bring him to trial on
most of them.
WICKED SLASH
ENDS THE FIGHT
Wielder of Knife Brings a
Union Meeting to a Sudden
and Dramatic Termination
There were lively times at the meet
ing of the Stablemen's Protective
Union at its headquarters at 12 Eighth
street last night. During an executive
session the members became involved
in many wordy wars. At last a dispute
between two of the board came near
ending in murder.
The lie passed between Edward Tay
lor, who resides at 39^ West Mission
street, and Thomas White. As the ar
gument grew warmer Taylor, it is
claimed, made an assault on White.
Other members of the committee tried
to pacify the pair, but Taylor, so it is
said, kept advancing. White, when he
found that he was about to be beaten,
reached into his pocket and, drawing a
large pocket knife, slashed Taylor
across the face, inflicting several
wounds that required many stitches.
Steward Emil Bertrand fixed up Tay
lor's face. Police Officer Thomas Kinch
was on the scene soon after the trouble
started, but before he could gain ad
mittance to the headquarters White
climbed over the rear fence and made
good his escape.
CAPTAIN" OP COLUMBIA
GETS LETTER OF THANKS
Minister Powell Praises Gallant Offi
cers and Men of the United
States Cruiser.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27. — Before
Captain Miller of the cruiser Columbia
left Dominican waters, he received a
formal letter of thanks from United
States Minister Powell, in the course
of which the Minister said:
"Allow me to say that our people in
the States owe very much to our navy
and to the officers for the able and effi
cient manner in which they at all
times have maintained the national
honor and conserved American inter
ests abroad, and. when such occasions
have occurred they have won and add
ed new laurels not only for themselves
but for the nation at large and added a
new page to our country's history.' The
American people cannot be too proud
of their naval vessels and the officials
who man them, as they stand to-day
before the world as the great bulwark
of the nation's defense and the na
tion's honor."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
pK| STOV.ACH wa»
For womanly ills it is impossible
to find a better medicine thahthe Bit-
ters. By restoring functional regu-
Iaritv it cures Sick Headache, Bloat-
ing, Backache, Cramps and Vomiting.
It also positively cures .all stomach
complaints. We urge a fair- trial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1901.
i:^_^' .■.'.';'. j.'; ..." '•" ADVEBTISEMENTS. •
a 11 | Luxurious Daren port, $22.50 Pedestal* Extension, $21.50 Spanish Easy Chair, S9 79 DIVAN, $16.75 PARLOR CHAIR, $7.25 U
i Six feet and six Made in: weathered Ever see a more Picture is only a ATatrlies the H'van in looks fiM
3 V '-■-.-'*•-!» . f % « • *i ■■'-■•'.' ~ dt • • •••• •• t a»X« Lv!lL9 lilt. UlVall 11* IWWSj ■ v 1
a » inches lone orooor- oak. restful design? thumb-nail sketch — ,. . - .... . . atf
I I llv V and \w " L Frames are made of tells only the general making and wearing qualities. S
4 U tionately wide and Made massive; the oak. solid and massive. outline. .They're splen- 1 [ Ig
| f deep and comfortable. column i s a good 10 Upholstered in Moroc- - did. but you should PEDESTAL, $5.40 I
3 H Our ow " ood up " inches rn diameter. coline, a substitute for seethe handsome pol- ■ r «M»« «,t- «r tri.iVir.o'aniT^rl
i S) holstery. the kind that .... . leather that is claimed ish and the rich silks Golden oak or mahoganized .
3 W brings the permanent, A 4o-inch top that by many to be superior with which it is up- birch. Four-inch column, ----*- Iv ' • ■'
A I j satisfied smile. extends six feet. to leather itself. bolstered. handsomely turned and finished. | 1 -* -> 1
Kra SJUHMh ° ///>V'^J sawed. Canopy top. ' r v^C?* 1^-^:: s*^ French plate mirror. OTf-JBSp^^^ 1 ''^^^
; m* \*?^m [ «,''f^^\ Pretty fretwork in the ' — lf It ; s made of quar . n ii f^«!
* 1> B •; top of the glass door. IVT/^l f A TPnilf A ¥ T¥ TrVT/^l ter-sawed oak. Antwerp js| R* N v V N \<^zZj^A
V * That mirror above PV i) L A I iTl Ic W A I J I I Nil! finish; a finish similar Wlh$=&^S&^f\
/Srtsw^ thc ,, wntm / d " k 1S Vri * 1 -^ IV TT in color to weat hered. S3 X^SS^Zg&X
/fife^ffljmtiT} really j- or tO ' a **r , - . but with a piano polish. afM ' 'S^^^^^tt
commodious compart- | We're Out Of the Wrangle. | Perfect cabinet work. CJU**- 1 - U
\l B = M/^ ifi Tfl^T^ 4 I-J r> i I l— «*T» t 8 e5 and knobs. /pEVF^k
a a arm rockers, $1.95 SSi) IiUKkAII SALES V I ; — === \ fF^a^
, Wood seat or cob- . . „'..,• PARLOR STAND, $3.75 I \\ ifl I
\m^\ Iff/a bIer scat> your ? hulcc - I Every-day prices at the Sterling equal any "sale prices V, | I It
y^L^-—MJtia A rocker built on ever heard of. " J ust the tnin ? for A \\ j I //
JESS £? Ziit ""''' co i\ NO FIREWORKS!!! SJS*™«^S
Wlf Quite a large one; nv * "VU YY V/IVU^J i J golden oak. < *^gg^3 I I* \
s j ZCi above the average Immense space and strong adjectives in the newspapers U r n ipiuc pipiwct «i nn \ Hft^ESl
<SZ^ IJ-T^EZ^ in comfort - cost money— lots of it— and YOU invariably pay for it. "ea'are! i i xL inch "' \ ll^^i
card table, $8.25 | ¥ Tnnp DE?/^ AIT CLUT cs- Madeofoak - ♦
iff -W y °Top P " f f/ ? - 3 6 inches We have the most mutually satisfactory busmess in the L s nd b^ t e .1n°S 'in zZ*^S>=^
v V, across. Just the whole town — a business that all the fake sales will not and lifelike colors. *J?^^*^^^^W
' V J&^ « necessary, generous cannot take from US. | *\ /ffifflffilMl
/^= s =^ f W i '"' ~"^\ size tor a social gather- . PRIHPFtQ nBF^^CB *1Q nn \\ '' 7/ >Ww*ftM H
WkJ N^^^T*^*^ posts, rods and q fitfing USHS? J&L M8&fMk%.yPHSBm/JmWL d SH I ror large enough to . "^ggy^
l^^M §^S 2! TOBNWMRE COMPANY SggSg t^^fe-
ifeiteMf a=a£ 1039 W&MW SSKgSI: gjgllJ -p^fcf-
SACRAMENTO
RIYER RUNS
WILD RACE
Continued From Page 26, Column 7.
the rain would continue throughout the
night.
Crop Prospects Are Excellent.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Feb. 27.— Rain
has fallen almost continuously since 10
o'clock last night. At 7 o'clock to
night the sky is clear and wind north
erly, but rain is predicted for to-mor
row. The, precipitation for twenty
four hours amounted to 1.82 inches;
for the season, 8:58. Reports from
Santa Barbara say . it has rained all
day. The prospect for crops is ex
cellent.
San Bcnito County Gets Drenching.
HOLLISTER, Feb. 27. — One inch of
rain fell here last night and to-day
and in the southern end of the county
more than one inch fell last night.
The downpour continued to-day. The
storm will afford ample water for irri
gating orchards and alfalfa.. On ac
count of the flood water being late this
year several co-operative pumping
plants are being installed. , V
Storm Reaches Santa • Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 27. — The
rain that has been threatening here
for the past few days commenced this
morning at" about 6 "o'clock" and con
tinued through the entire day, the
storm being the' heaviest seen here
this year. During the day the rain
fall amounted to 1.87 inches, making
the total for the season 5.20 inches.
Tulnrc Is Enjoying a Downpour.
TULARE, Feb. 27. — There has been
a most generous rainfall throughout
this section all during the day and it
is storming very hard at the present
time. The rain comes at a very op
portune time and at present the pros
pects are that this will be a very pros
perous season. The precipitation for
the storm is .84 of an inch.
Kings County Gets Its Share of Rain.
IIANFORD, Feb. 27. — The rainfall
last night and to-day \amounted to .67
of an inch and it is still raining. The
total for the season is 2.95 of an inch
and the farmers are jubilant." Thirty
thousand acres of wheat have been
sowed in Tulare^ Lake region. Feed is
growing and stock will now . have
plenty to eat. « ■
Rain Is Expected at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 27.— The rairi
which had been promised did not
reach San Diego- to-night, save in the
slightest kind of sprinklesi which did
not amount to more than a trace up to
midnight Telephone messages from
the back county say. that the indica
tions are good for a rain before morn
ing, but nothing heavy had arrived.
I6LANDS ARE IX DANGER.
Heavy Rainfall Causes Rapid Rise of
,'"'>.'■ the Rivers.
An immense amount of damage is
likely to be done to the islands in the
vicinity of Rio Vista by high water,
according to the Weather Bureau of
ficials. The northern rivers are fall-
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
... . ■ *.
GBEW THIS HAIR.
Visa Sarah MacComb, whose hair The above phototrapV of Miu FrueM Mat!* .Miss M«y Dcnsmons, to* the longest-
couch* the floor when she stands erect, h^h££S£rf£&£& **?£**?£}«*££ ***** * *• »<*M. sa*x "I hare nsed
my wmfat whea I commenced nalnr «kW «h«« month, ot •£ 3Si$J wit that \Fvnortr vx inch ia tojth ererywonth
r., . v ■:.'.-,.,'^^:, : , * «1» no» k» tht iMgot wf no* Uautifel haul We I commenced it* ok.- it tardy con-
Dandenae, and it ii now over fixe feet of b*ir «w mhm? by a child rfbenp. {AiaM _.,. Mm-rf-M- i«,u-- Jir* r
m lengTn. ii/joic at ner Deauunu th«d5^wrer«rD2;<krit>.,o«» Cr««s4 **] . tie*." (Mt*s Densnore writes us under re-
hair and judgs for yourself whether or Chfc^. jj^*^,-^^ ftJSfiEte cent <Ute that Danderine had made her hair
rot she got the worth of her mosey.) en<££h t. tweh the fl*>r when .he Muds erect by grow three fc«t lonyer than it was aattrradlj.
thatjfMriM I* four remold. ■ and Is still ftowhj j.)
■ £~~S PROOF OF MERIT I
«■*"«-«*, j I IS tT NOT? I Igg^?"^ <£Zk&%>~~*^ .
JEoiLSaltMcLQu^^
ing very slowly, but those which flow
through the central section of the
State are rising with alarming rapid
ity. The Cosumnes, Stanislaus, Cala
veras, Tuolumne and Mokelumne, were
all running bank full last night and
were rising.
Thei rainfall was general throughout
California yesterday. The parched
lands of the south received a gener
ous supply of moisture. Professor
McAdie predicts more showers to-day
in every section of the State.
Snow was falling in the mountains
last night.
PRESIDENT SELECTS HARROD.
New Orleans Man Will Fill Vacancy
on Canal Commission.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— The Pres
ident has decided to appoint Benja
min M. Harrod of New Orleans a mem
ber of the Isthmian Canal Commission.
This completes the commission and the
names of the members will be sent to
the Senate Monday.
The President went thoroughly into
the charges against Mr. Harrod and
satisfied himself there was nothing in
them.
AUCTION!
REFEREE SALE
oy the
Wo. I.
Wo. 4.
No. 1300-11 Stockton st. "W. line fc«t Ttm«-«
way and Vallejo st.; tairovemrots^oniS^
*^ 8t0ry fra S.* *ulldin*. contalntas /orei t\nd
60 rooms above occupied as a hotel- reaS S^flS
per month; lot 45:6x68:9. * ** J=05
xro. s.
No. 212-14 Leavenworth «t E Hn« v.»
1"%.*** eaCh: " ntS » 130 «on4 : 9 io71S
wo. e.
No. 221 Leavenworth st. W. line b«t. Turk
and Eddy sts.: 2-story frame dwSltmr" of in
room, and bath; rent, * M per SSSS'toM
Wo. 7.
No. 2121-3 Flllraore st.. TV line k»t r.n
fornla and Saci^mento »t».- '-.tor? fS^,«
bulldlngr. contalnlne ,tor» and flit rf T r^m.
MxlOafs. : rented l0W " |6 ° P " monthTTo?
Z7o. 8.
No. 2702-«^Sacramento st. and No 2123
r er< ? V"*?™- fi""- : »n>Pn>vem«iU wnilsTof
two deslrabU rrsldences of 10 rooms and ba :£
each and modern cottage of 9 rooms and bit h-
foWl?: 1 S3 2 ?f S {r. ntSI had " °- ««ce:
Wo. 9.
No 271* Sacramento st.. N. not. bet Plerc*
and Scott at*.: a desirable residence cf 10
rooms and bath: particulars of rent can b«
obtained at our oMce; lot 68:9xl27:SU.
No. 10.
Nos. 2713-21 -27-S5 'day st and Vn 9i-»
PUrc* St.. SW. cor.: lmrt^vement, consisf?
3 modern residences of S-10-12 rooms and hath
*ach; In perfect order and rented low at $JS3
per month; lot 2C6:3xl27:S',i. *^
No. 2342-4 Devlsadero st. SE. cor. cf Jack-
ron St.: 2 modern residences of 0-14 room n and
bath each; rents tt'JS per month; lot 52:S«4
Wo. U. . ..
No. 2.*21-S Devtsadero st. and No. 2811 Jack-
son st. SW. cor.: Improvements consist of 1
modern residences of 7-S-U rooms and bath
«a:h; ren:s $2CO per.month; lot 63:3x137:8.
Wo. 13.
PndHc ave.. S. line. # bet Devisadaro and
Brodertck st«. : choice unimproved residenc*
site; 135x!27:8^i. -
Wo. 14.
Entire block. No. S55. Tide Lands, consist-
ing of 21 lots. Nos. 1 to Ci. Inclusive.
Wo. 15.
Lots 17 to CO. Inclusive, and 29 to 32. in-
clusive, block No. OSl. CNell ft Haley Tract.
H£HB7 3jE"VTT ESTATE.
By. order of Executor.
Noa. 715-17-23-23 McAllister st. S. Un«. bet.
GouKb and Octavla; Improvements consist of
store with 4 room, and logins -house of 12
room* and 2 flats of ft-o rooms and bath* rents
$122 50 p*r month: lot 55x137:8. '
For catalogue and further partleulajm. in.
ply at our offlp*. — «^ «i>-
O. H. UMBSEN ft CO.
— . 20 MONTGOMERT ST.:£ ; ;f'fA ADVERTISEMENTS. j
! B. KATSOKINSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I 10 THIRD STREET, 5AN FRANGISSO
. I Adjclcinar Call Building-.
GothePrices
! V/E ARE OVERSTOCKED
AND ARE, SELLING CHEAP.
■ I Trade tor the past couple of
I -months was not near up to expec-
■ ■ tanons and we flnd ourselves over-
3 5Tock<*d. Now. we must reduce it,
1 for Easter is rapidly approaching.
1 ai;d that means more goods and
1 more new styles. We are already
a receivlns; our Eprine shipments.
j so must sell the poods we have in
g (?tock. Here Is a novelty, tome-
I thing swell, but sold cheap. La.-
[J dies-VIci Kid Two-Strap Sandals
I rstty toes, turned soles and me-
St. diuia heels. OUR PXXCE OHXT
H S 1 * 1^ Sizes -* to 8: widths
I 1 B to EE.
I Patent Leather Bluchers.
1 I-adics" Blucher Lace Shoes are
; r^ov.- the popular 8tyle. They are
• n»-at and ■. Rive the foot a very
K prarrful appearance. For this
n- -a- ft. k Ladies' Patent Leather Kid
E Bluchers, with mat kid quarters,
• 5 r'oln tops without tips, turned soles
fl ,ii»<1 Cuban heels. WILL BE O7*
FEBEO AT 02.1S A FAIR.
Sizes 3 to S; widths A to E.
' y y y .
Ladies 1 Red Felt Juliets.
Jupt t<> cIosp them out. Ijadies'
R^d Felt Fur-Trimmed Juliets,
'.varrn lined. Sizes 5 to 8. RE-
DUCES TO SOC A PAIR.
Children's Kid Button.
Every pair warranted to wear.
"Children"? and Misses' Kid Button
Sho^s. with coin toes and patent
leather tips, double soles and
spring heels.
rtrfld'a sizes, 8H to 31 S."»e
{ Misses' sizes. 11% to 2 81.00
6. KATSCHINSKI
\ ; Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIBD ST. Saa Tranciico.
_^
Every Woman
: V .jA MARVEL Whirling Spray
V VsS!" fi^-a tio* and Suriton. Bert— Saf-
vr^>. \J^y^9*B&*-tr»»Z; UO«aawaU*UBtl7.
Mt:-.^tiotl>nT.l.lTtJ»e N#^f "<&&£¥> Jim \--L
MARVEL, ncn-jt no \v /^^T
fuU^*v.- J l»n.an<Jrt,rertio«.ln- Ci^/ M
T»!u*bietoU«lJ««. 5I*B*ELtO.. W^V^
Tlg*» Bpllding. N»w Tork.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUAKAirrEEO CUBE TO* ME».
HARMLESS IUJECTIOK. Cures ordinary
,-^t-s m a few days. "'a r ™ ntc<i V>Z]"*
>i.jr^t ca^s VO OTHSB TBEATMEWT
*£l Two Rings Free!
Schools and CoMeyos. \
LfJAnivii m-MXESS COIAJKGV. OF THE ,
2* Vo-i *t.. San Franclwo. Cat . |
Vkiiu tor Utuetrated catal^cue (free).
NEW YORKERS
FOR ROOSEVELT
State Conimitteeinen 3Ieet
"and Declare Their Lo^iilty
to the Soldier President
CONVENTION IN APRIL
Republicans Declare Them
selves Proud of Executive's
Devotion to High Ideals
NEW YORK, Feb. 27.— April 12
was agreed upon as the date for the
State Republican Convention and
President Roosevelt was indorsed for
the Presidential nomination at the
meeting of the State committee hsre
to-day. Both resolutions were unani
mously adopted. The convention will
be held in Carnegie Hall, this city.
A committee was appointed to draw
up resolutions of regret at the death of
Senator Hanna and of Timothy Ells
worth. Governor Odell sat in the
meeting:, holding- a proxy for L. S.
Goodsell of Highland Falls.
The resolutions indorsing President
Roosevelt were as follows:
"The Republican State Committee
of New York takes this' occasion to
declare their entjre loyalty to Presi
dent Theodore Roosevelt us the repre
sentative of his party in his native
State. We are proud of his distin
guished services to his country. We
admire his alert Americanism and his
devotion to the highest ideals of gov
ernment. His character, his fidelity to
the progressive principles of Repub
licanism and his singleness of pur
pose in administering the affairs of
government in the interest of the en
tire nation have commended him to all
good citizens without regard to party.
We pledge to him our earnest support
for nomination and wi(h confidence
in the verdict of the people on elec
tion day."
Chairman George W. Dunn presided.
The resolution indorsing President
Roosevelt was offered by J. Sloat Fas
sett.
The meeting was held in the Fifth
avenue Hotel. Senator Platt did not
attend the meeting, but during the
session remained in the lobby of the
hotel, where, with former Lieutenant
Governor Woodruff, he held an in
formal recepfton and was greeted by
many Republican politicians present.
Suisun to Have Another Bank.
SUISUX DEPOT. Feb. 27.— Suisun
is to have another bank. It will b3
named the Bank of Solano and will be
located in the Chadburn building. The
capital stock will be $100,000, which
is already fully subscribed, principally
by local capital. The bank is to be
backed by a banking house "of. '.San
Francisco which is one of the strong
est on the Pacific Coast.-- -The sub- ■
scribers from Suisun and other sec
tions of Solano County are: prominent
residents, strong and 'conservative
financially and otherwise. _- r
Xnpa Bank Leases Xew Quarters.
XAPA, Feb. 27. — The stockholders j
of the First National Bank of Xapa -
met this afternoon and decided on a !
location for the new bank. They leased j
part of the Phoenix Block at the cor- I
ner of First and Brown streets. The '
directors of the Xapa City Water i
Company have submitted to the City j
Council a proposition to sell their !
plant "to the city at a price to be!
agreed upon or let the price be fixed j
by appraisers. The total cost is esti- j
mated to be $180,000.
Court Restrains the Boycotters.
SAX JOSE. Feb. 27. — Judge Tuttle
this afternoon granted a temporary in
junction restraining the Santa Clara
County Building Trades and about 100
members of local unions from boycot
ting the business of the J. F. Parkin
son Lumber Company at Palo Alto.
The action has grown out of the^
strained relations of the company and
the unions, which has finally become
an open rupture, creating a serious
condition ■ of affairs in the building
progress of that town.
Redwood City Gets Library.
REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 27.— The
chairman of the citizens'- committee
to-day received a letter from Andrew
Carnegie stating that the petition for
a $10,0t)0 library building had been
granted. The site for the building has
already been selected and obtained.
The library trustees meet to-night to
call for plans. The citizens are very
much pleased and. enthusiastic over
the project, i -. . :..-V : "_ •i?V;>;.V
An official investigation at Liver
pool showed that a widely sold article
of "extract of beef" contained half its
weight in yeast extract, a substance
imported frorn^ Germany.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Grip and
Prevents Pneumonia.
•'77" breaks up Colds; 'that
hang on and, do not .yield to
treatment.. .
««77" knocks out the Grip in
all s'agfs and in all forms.
*'77" stops a Co d in the head
and cures Cetarrh, acuts or
ch ronic. ' v/ ; fi&'S
"77" cures Sera Throat and
Bronchitis, and prevents'Pneu-
monfa,by keeping the chest and
lungs clear and the temperature
down. ■ •- . ; . * •
-Jubilee Edition of Dr, Hum-
phreys' Manuel Mailed . Frse.
At DrurzlRt*. 25 -cents, or mailed. '
H umphrey*' Wed. Co.. Car..-. William . & John .
Street*. N«w Yurk.
- ■ • ..■•.■..••- :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. -FEBRUARY 2S, 1904.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. | , JOE ROSENBERG'S. 1 JOE ROSENBERG'S., | JOr. ROSENBERG'S-
■ ._ « Ktrntm mm am What Talks I.lke Price? Th« fact that we are BtUinff roods as quoted below
J^£££t3uSJW ©KL^^ft^dbs^Sk^P' >5Evi2A /-IICCCIU/- ii/M«« iA»f ' shcnld suffice 'to keep our store crowded with appreciative touyera. Value here? —
.^^^^f^!^\^S^SS^ Br^ k » r^*5^% A3UC55IN(3 HOW WE first, last and alwayo. DeoAs— act wcrd». ./:
SELL gH'ftROifUFRlfS AT JUCH LOfl PRICK f Umb eUs - Ladies' and Gents' La Vida Corsets .
S&y '~^'' g "iffl HS$$Sfi&!^^^Jp\ff^ <f» e cxa Bi,y ac ua.\i3ecly. seal .j. arc. you will aeree with the statement. button -and the umbrella (pens. -Mad-» imported French corset there is.
Ccme to fee sale and you wll. tMnh the advertiser- told' his ct=ry with 2Z ribs, and it is impossible for ;\ la ' 1e of }'■<• fin ;, st Imported mate-
..... JikiJlJT TL j^rnT/iJjli P° orl y- Couraye and capital alwayi win. Either Is helpless alone. A .St. tht-m to blow inside out; covered with bonek circular' cut. hand
~~^iT~i<N~fc$ J fjr J —^"**" v l/^^ ~Z Qaul (Switzerland) manufacturer started a Iargre factory. Before ho ,Tot fart black twillc-il cloth; natural wood straight front, with garter attach-
$h&i!X*^§!g& *>^^^^nu!>% >^^^* his sellinar forces perfected he male srood eaabroideries .(we assure you) handles, m^tal trimmed. We bju.^ht ments. wide satin, ribbon and lace
<? \wa*?£firi$ "**^- \K '* faster than he could oell thora. C ;urc?e braced him to take a 'oix loss and them irom an embtrrassed manufac- trimming. To those who have !iad
>|^S j$\ Wffiffl we havfl tWa(r " ia ti0 mott bopef il ccnfllticn fcr you. You'll think so Q " mtartl - a ' f , b> exp " rtg - Fri^ ■■■*•>- »<> g
S M&> TSu±2Al0*0BB\ when T0U " ee them - We will put them on sale en our Bargain Counters. LaOies' Vests C B fl /fl Somte
■^ They are made on canxtiric, n-.iiisook and Swis». nil tlie srood wasliin? » ,.. ,, ,.. . „,„, t „„* ,.., , ." , ",. \ ..
H^^^X f^JSS^SL^tk iQ T°r nW:Zk< I# P , Cl3 f and JT * effeCtt ' frO^ lon^ e S^te° s f m re Ke of "s^mSru^ port^f SS25^fi2EBSS S5
-—^ ' one to fifteen Inches wide. They eime 414 yards in a strip. Australian wool, velvet finish, not irri- hip. long over the abdomen, double
We can say without ajiy hesitation that this is your opportunity, to tating; to the most tender skin. In side steels and straight front rntst
buy embroideries fcr less than yo.i ever paid for them: cray or white. ■ proof.) steels, lace and ribbon trim*
Beffular 18c quality, now ."J e -Beg-ular 20c quality, now. 7c TIGHTS to match. The same Quality med. For medium and. stout figures.
u^miia- Kr nn.ittt nnw ft7. i» %*i ns ,•■■»«*!. .«» * •> • »s above; ankle lenRth. Real worth Our last February Corset bargain.
Beffular I5c quality, now........ Cc^Besrular 2 OO quality, now 12 C „ 50 A limited quantity will be sold and a mighty good one. too. Prfc-. .
Beffular EOc quality now..... .17e for A garment Sl.OO 7 Sl.OO
r o o- 6 ", o c
Ladies' Petticoats Normandy & Point ae Pans Lace Ladies' Sho't Kimonas Chile's Vests . Corsets at Halt Price -
Made of striped flannelette, trim- Made of English thread; from 2 to 5 Made of twilled" Daisy flannel, long The celebrated Mills make. The kind . ODDS AND ENDS — That is. of the
med with a twelve-inch umbrella inches v/lde: for ladies' and children's >iikado sleevfs. front collar and cuffs, that opens all the way down the fronU C. B.. K. G.. W, B.. Royal Worcester,
flounce, finished with wide Torchon rndr rtveqr- in co>al leif rn3«inrthow- trimmed with silk-embroidered top- easily put on and off: also long sleeves; etc. All hand, gored: the season's
lacp. yoke band. In pink, blue and r "*"■ ,,!_,'. S«ri?i^io "-"n * * n \ i dalllons In pink and blue. You could made of steam-shrunk jersey-knitted newest shapes: made of imported
eray stripes. Steom snrunk and . . , , , ', . eage - / Ie sovu not buy the embroidery for the price fabric. Mothers who have used them sateens. In white, blue. pink, blaclc
fast colors. You will appreciate the washing Kind. A lucky purchase — and we as^ f 0r them complete. • In ' all know how to appreciate them. And and drab, if we have your size.
real worth v.hcn you see them you will consider it so when you see sizes and widths, so her«j Is your-op- you will, when yon see them. If you here's your opportunity to buy a
In our bargain basement. Price..:. them. 20c and 25c quality. X»w...V. portunlty to ' buy" $2.00 and $2.50. paid double this price you could not -regular 51.00. $1.50 and $2.00 Corset
4,'c .-:Yardl OC quality for .» - '.Sli?»O get better. At the Price Cutter's..^oC for. Monday and Tuesday 5OC
n o © 1 — o j — — o t
Child's Combination Suits Ladies' Wraopers Ladies' Jackets Ladies' Walkmo Skirts Ladies' Vests
The celebrated "MENTOR" make. Made of winter-weight flannelette; Made tnt\ winter-weight ?* fail-wool * M*de of all-wool cheviots arid golf- Made of mercerized silk, low neck
High neck, long slewes. ankle length, in polka dot and striped effects, deep ripple eiderdown: deep «ppliqued col- ing cloth, homespun and- kersey, full- and no sleeves, lace and beadinir
drop scat, buttoned down the front; flounce, rpaulcttcs over the shoulders, lar. nf>«v bell «leevc-s. fastened down flared fioun-e. strictly m\n tailored. trimmed, with silk washable braid
made of Imported yarn, Jersey- knit. fancy braid trimmed, tight lining. the front with frogs.- Fn gray. red. They fit and hang as they should. Real run through, swiss ribbed, with new
velvet finish. In gray or. ecru. All Sizes 34 and 36. .Real worth ; $!.5O. pink arid blue. You'll, appreciate, the worth $5.00. Monday and Tuesday... square lace mesh. In pink. Hue and
sizes. One price 5Oc Marked to close out .OSe quality, more so the low price. .. .7."ie S12.OS white. Price 5Oc
(\ : ; n : : (,}— • : ; . f i — — — Q H
Chila's Gowns Kayssr's , Birder ge Veil . Lc dies' Shawls Ladies' Vests
Made of colored striped Daisy flan- Samples of Ladies' and Children's The Htost novelty in. VEILS. 54 Made of steam-shrunk Shetland Made of Peruvian yarn, high neck
nel; double yoke back and front; col- Winter Gloves; this season's - goods. Inc'ifs long: in snifter web and ciiss- floss, fancy crochet and hand-knit bor- and long sleeves; the perfect-shaped
lar. yoke and- sleeves trimmed with Plain or fancy knitted, mixed or pUln oross net. large chenille dotted bor- ders. 42 inches square. In white and kind; seamless and steam shrunk*,
feather-stitched braid; liberal in colors, double-woven fingers. Ladies' ders. In black only. > You'll appreciate black. Real worth $1.35 and SI. 50. also fleece lined. Pants to match,
width and length. In pink and blue and children's 10c and 50c quality. All the real worth when you- see them at Reducing stock by "reducing nrices. Made of same quality as above.' Moo-
stripes. Price 5Oc • • iiric *»O<* Now Sl.OO day and Tuesday. A garment 5Oc
r«— o . : e \ , — — 1 — -n o <
Child's Hose Allover Net or Webbing Polka-Dotted Ribbon Ladies' Gowns Ladies' Vesfs
THE PONY STOCKING — Made of of Point Venise lace, for- dress or Made of all-satin taffeta. 4 Inches Made of winter-weight colored strip- 'Made of pure French silk, low
double twisted thread, fast black. waist trimmings; in leaf vino and lose wide - white ground with black dots. ed flannelette; tucked yoke, double neck and no sleeves, crocheted necki
swiss ribbed; just tne rough and Datterns fu u eighteen inphe* wide' in for niaking the Fifth avenue and other back; collar, yoke and sleeves trimmed with silk ribbon through the beading,
ready stocking. Mothers: You'll ap- fr" „, \ 1 ~,k f" n 1 " cne , s wlde " ln style bows, all of which we tie free. with hair-stitched braid. In pink and swiss ribbed. In P «.nk and blue only.
preciate them for their good wearing eciu ailU Araoian. Uur price Washable and high luster. Our price blue stripes. Generously made. Price Really worth $1.25: reducing stock
qualities. All sizes 135e Yard !)oc Yard iirw* 75e and reducing prices 7I>C
a o 6 ! — — o 0 c
Ladies' Hose Ladies Handkerchiets Ladies' Skeleton Collars 1000 Remnants of Vens Ladies' Tights
do^\l h^ n^rJ^ S \t^.l7- Made of pure bleached Belfast Light in weight, with the new point- The beautifying and good selling Made of Egyptian 'lisle, tight-flt-
?las R tk^v?lmf^^ linen, sheer and extra fine, narrow ed front, to be used as a foundation for kind. In criss-cross, tuxedo, chiffon. 11 " * '
strong.' Real worth ' 40c. marked hemstitched with neat script hand- ribbons, or for making the new fancy chenille dotted and plain effects; 24 to VESTS to "match. Made of the
though for a quick clearance. Price made initial. Regular $l.o0 quality. collars. In black and white. Our 36 inches long; 35c and 50c quality. same qualitv as above. Now
U5e N ow a box of six for $1.OO price S« Vow A remnant lOc "■ V garment 5Oc
o- a — — ••5 i— o- — n (
Child's Wrist Bag Apache John Bead Looms Po/nt Venise Galows or Bands Black Chantilly Lace Ladies' Drawers
'frame^ind ex t ration k' chi?n g mofre The " XeZ Perce " IndIan make ' for For ™ is <- trimmings; in All-silk, fast black. 9 to IS Inches ***£« °i, th t % 111 S Pn D S' ! !? rn J!f™ 1 ! 1 1 -
lffeTmrc1ilne t Mwe < d^nSt a &eS? ! l! making watch fobs and charms; so s!m- dots, crescents and figure designs, 2 wide: leaf Wl floral designs. Real VrS Re™I
red. blue, green and black. Price... P 13 that a c " 1Id can use them. Price inches wide; in. butter arid Arabian worth 50c and 75c. A lucky purchase wnrth 65c: marked to close out
2Sc •' U5c color. Price Yard enables us to sell them for l.'f quickly KOc
C -— a r ; — a q ___ p — , — c
Ladies' Overcoflars Bureau Scarfs or Runners Ladies' Belt Buckles Ladies' Hana Barf Children's Hose
Made of imported lawn. neatly Made of extra heavy lawn, with seal- In the new' straight front effect f In Made of strong embossed leather. Stainless black, extra spliced heel
.hemstitched, two different shapes, loped edge: elaborate patterns of ma- floral, zig-zag and Lady Gibson heads. with extra strong frame and leather and toe; also double knees; made of
washable. Real worth 15c. Now... chine braiding. 64 Inches long. 20 In silver, gilt and oxidized. 40c and 50c handle, with purse and hand mirror English thread, silk finish, medium
Apiece 5c ' inches wide. Price 2.">c I values, Monday and Tuesday 25c Inside to match. Price oOc weight; all sizes Pair 15c
O • ■ 1 O O — o O '. 1
Ladies' Lace Collars iaMiBnm — =■»■""«"■ — a— — b»^^ Gents' Gloves
In cape and round effect. Made of Aaent 8 E3 jjP^fe 6*** Ffc ff^ ff^ 3 fl Ift B"* B^ TUC Al'-Sllk Satin Made of fine soft-finished dog skin.
Point <1<- Gene lace, fi inches wide. In J N M U B N B B H 9 fl BSB iL! I ill" I Ii U ««"" fi^ Pro lined, fur tops, patent clasp*.
" Ladies' Handkerchiefs \ »™ I. ■ 1 I I | S S W « § > « PHILE-LUTTtR fm Mes o
nrS d Vu?i f s 8 i h z rne^? ite and Sha nTr r r°o c w. 1^%^^ 816 Market Street. (I OTaiTell Street Wide, t j n7m « 7 » ln^v,dT : &&BS
.* e i?«O a h d d o;In. e o e r°? d . W . a £a^ lOc - C ° rSet I _ " _ MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. J 12'/* C Yard. Se'Tow!^"^^ &&MS33$A
SPEEDY ITALIAN PRODUCES
FAMILY BURDENS IN COURT
-Gharged With a^Bqny Horse,* He Shows^Jiidge
'*i ?. -Fritz That Depe^
fi ..Cuts Loose on Charles Wilson With a,., Gun
Gid Ciraulo is full of troubles." He
appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday
charged with fast driving and cruelty
to a bony bay horse which draws a
wagon full of oranges, which Ciraulo
vends in stirring tones. Yesterday he
was trying to make the horse beat a
world's record for five furlongs and
belabored the animal cruelly with a
stout whip. Two po-licemen were do
ing duty as patrol Judges on the far
turn and they took the Italian driver
into custody.
Cirauio brought his numerous tribe
into court to plead for him. There was
a wife with a squalling baby in her
arms and four other children hanging
to her skirts, with only erne year sep
arating them in ages.
i "This looks like race suicide," said
Prosecutor Harris. "Has the defend
ant any more children?"
"There are three. more," said the de
fendant's attorney, "but they are sell
ing gum in the rain to-day to eke out
the slender purse of the family."
"A man with a family as large as
this defendant possesses has all that
is coming to him in the way of tribu
lation and I am inclined to dismiss
him," said Judge Fritz, "although it
is apparent that he was driving a half
fed horse at an unlawful rate of speed."
"I hava de larga family, Excelenti
misso." said Ciraulo, "and mucha did
I doa de harda" graft for feed dem.
Clemencia dees time, signor. I be de
poora man." .
"Why, didn't you think of the poor
children, before you acquired the"
tribe?" asked Prosecutor Harris.
Judge Fritz finally let the man of
family go after warning him that if
ever he beat a beast again he would
order him executed the following morn
ing at sunrise.
a • ' •
Joseph May came before Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on a charge of assault
with a. deadly weapon. He was ar
rested at 3 o'clock yesterday morning
by Policeman Joy after he had taken
four shots at the. disappearing form of
Charles Wilson.
May is a bartender in a saloon at
400 Pacific street and Wilson Is a por
ter at a similar joint at 521 Pacific
street. Wilson tanked up considerably
on the booze of the dump where he is
employed. and' then Journeyed down to
the quieter quarters presided -over by
May.- • : : M'>.''.. • '
A fo-ugh house immediately, ensued.
May drey/ 'forth two trusty guns with
the idea of running a good, strong bluff,
according to his statement. Wilson was
not to' be buffaloed, by this, show of
force and mixed things. He succeeded
in. securing one ,of the weapons and
threw it on the floor. .• Then the horror
of the second' gun came upon him and
he made a get away, carrying nearly
the entire front of . the- establishment
with him in his exit. . -
May followed the fleeing man to the
street and cut loose , four times. : He
claimed that he was shooting merely
to attract the attention of the police
and had no desire to puncture ' the
anatomy of Wilson with a leaden .mis
sile. For. such amicable 'Intentions 'his
attorney- asked that his bail be reduced
to $50. The Judge took the. case. under
advisement until Monday. •
Frank H. Shannon is supposed by
the police to have taken, the gold cure,
E. K. Gillen accused'him yesterday be
fore Judge Fritz of having stolen $5
from him. Gillen was in front of a
cigar stand on Kearny street Friday
night and laid down $5 in gold to pay
for a couple of cigars. He went to
light one of the weeds and when he
returned the celrk'eyed him glassily
and asked for payment.
Gillen produced a quarter and then
went in search of his yellow metal. He
found Shannon making a hot-foot
away from the counter and accused
him of the theft. Shannon indignant
ly denied the crime and surrendered
himself peaceably to Policeman Mor
iarity. •
When he was searched the missing
$5 piece was not discoverable. Gillen
maintained that Shannon" had swal
lowed It, but the defendant was dis
missed by Judge Fritz yesterday. The
Judge"declared that the charter makes
no provision for X-ray, examinations of
a man's stomach in such cases and
personally he declined to purchase a
pound of radium to aid the causs of
justice in such a doubtful case.
Attorney Charles K. Moser appeared
yesferday in Judge. Mogan's court on
behalf of two flower sellers in front
of Lotta's fountain and demanded jury
trials for the 'defendants. They were
arrested for : obstructing the sidewalk
and their cases are mostly to test pub
lic oplnlon t on one of the most impres
sive and picturesque . features of San
Francisco life. Eastern visitors never
fail to discover the flower market and
comment . on the (fact that February
violets or roses cost $5 a bunch in a
cold country, where 10 cents will pay
the damage in the metropolis of the
Pacific Ocean. ■ ;^ ' '
John/ Burke was sentenced to six
months in the County Jail yesterday
by Judge Conlan. The defendant made
a forcible entry into Smith's cash store
on Market street and abstracted a pair
of trousers. Then, instead of putting
the garment to its proper use, he
traded it off for two glasses of steam
beef, in "a^ Fourth-street mart, where
the largest glasses and the bestweiner
wursts are advertised for sale. The
original charge against him was bur
glary, but he, was' allowed to plead
guilty to petty larceny.
,,The continued hearing of Thomas F.
Brennan. who is accused of felony em
bezzlem'eht 'in the sum of $37,000 from
an aged and Infirm priest named Fath
er P. J. Grey, was tohave been on trial
in Judge Fritz's, court yesterday, but
the. Illness c-f one . of the defendant's
attorneys necessitated a postponement
until to-morrow afternoon:
.Thomas Reynolds is a youthful speci
men of a bad^ actor, who parts, his hair
in the middle and always^manages to
wear good clothes. He was before
Judge Fritz yesterday on : a. charge of
grand larceny. .J.. P. Mulhern: claimed
.that Reynolds snatched a diamond ,pin
from .his. necktie { Jn front 'jof
Square^' The thief alsb took the tie in
.his effort to secure the pin:
...Archie Campbell, attorney; for the de--.
Xendant. made a strci'ne-'Dlea* for mercy
because the boy was only 17 years of
age. A weeping mother also added her
cjuota^Ior^tflemency ; for her" wayward
offspring: 1 : . . ' " , •' ■'■' *
:, Unfortunately. , for Reynolds,' whose
true^njwif is.JCarson, Judge Fritz iden
tlhed' him ss'ai ifre'quent offender, who
has been before the court numerous
.times . for picking v pock0ts \ and rolling
, drunks. Despite the tears of the moth
i er and the eloquent plea of the attor
ney, Reynolds was held to answer to
the Superior Court in bonds of, $2000.
Mrs. Edith Blune received her be
longings back yesterday. She is the
20-year-old girl who. hitched herself to
Harry Blune, who is nearly 70 years
of age, and who was sentenced Friday
to five months in the County .Jail by
Judge Cabanies for obtaining by false
pretenses a quantity of gloves from
the Imperial Glove Company.
It was a mating of December and
May, also by false pretenses. Blune
represented himself as a man of wealth
and standing arid won a beautiful wife.
When she ascertained that he had
served twice in the penitentiary for
grand larceny she left him. Her trdnk
was held for a board bill which Blune
had neglected tc- pay. Policeman Lake,
whose wife conducts the house on Turk
street where Blune lodged his wife, told
Judge Fritz yesterday that they wished
to make no claim on the belongings of
Mrs. Blune, because they believed her
an unfortunate victim of a designing
man.
• In order to develop a cattle indus
try in Nigeria, a number of milch
cattle have been purchased in Barba
dos and shipped direct to the .west
coast of Africa.
J^ ADVERTISEMENTS^ -.--,-....'...:. .'.-. v
For Liquozone — Yet We Give You a 50c Bottle Free,
This company, after testing Liquo- been the constant subject of scientific E«em?— En»f?*i«s Tu£?cuk£i« ble *
zone for two years in the most difti- and chemical research! , Fevers— Gall stones Tumprs— uicert -
cult germ diseases, paid $100,000 for The result ii a product that does Goitre— Gout varicoceie V
the American rights. That is by far what oxygen does. Oxygen is tlie very Oonorrhea-Gieet Women. Dbetsei
the highest price ever paid for simi- source of all vitality, the most cssen-| ah disease* that begin with fever— ail Jn«
lar rights on any scientific discovery, tial element of. life. Liauc^one is a | 2?S^ii n S2 U «SlSi?. rr 5rtepu~ llt ;?
We publish this fact to show vou vitalizing tonic with which no other blood.
the vajueof Liquozone. Men of our known product can compare. Its.ef- w'SSTSTdrSSV- *t
class Jon t pay a price like that save fects are exhilarating and purifying.
for a product of remarkable worth to Uut germs arc vegetables, and Liquo- 50C. Bottl6 Fre©.
humanity. >:one — like an excess of oxygen — is j^/m
. • , ,\ ■ deadly to vegetable matter. if you need Liquozone and 'hare
Kills Inside GermS. Liquozone goes wherever the blood never tried it, please send us this
goes, destroying every germ in the "coupon. We will then mail you an or-
The reason for that price is this- body. Tn this way it cures diseases der on. your local druggist for a full-
Liquozone alone can kill germs in the which medicine never cures. It will do s i zc bottle., and -we willj)ay your
body without killing the tissues, too. more for - SIck humanity than all the druggist ourselves tor ir. This is our
Nothing else in the world is so good <1™RS in the world combined. f rcc gift, made to convince you; to
for the human body; : yet Liquozone -.- .'-L- ■ w- ,_ * show you what Liquozone is. arid what
is a germicide so certain that we pub- Oerm DlSea^eS. it can do. In justice to yourselt,
lish on every bottle an offer of $1000 ■ . | please accept it to-day, for it places
for a germ that it cannot kill. • These are the ; known gefm diseases, j you under no obligation whatever.
Liquozone destroys at once and All that medicine can do for these I Liquozone costs 50c and $1-
forever the cause of any germ dis- troubles, is to hejp'Natnre overcome j .. •
case. And there is no other way to the germs, wherever they are, and the ; j ni IT thic rniTPOTM
doit. Any drug that kills germs is rect and uncertain'.- ' Liquozone kills tUI UUI inis wuruiy
a poison, and it cannot be taken inter- the germs, and 'such .results are indi- [£ \ h £ to tSliJauld
nally. Medicine is helpless in trou- results are inevitable. Bv destroying osone Co.. 43S-tco Wabash ave.. chicaeo-
bles of this kind. ? the cause of thctrouble it invariably „ ., ' -. . •
kL* : <ikkjnir^ e " dS thC d '' lCaSC - and forevcr " . t have hev«r tried L.quozore. but tr you
IXOL lYiealC.ne. A»thina . Hay Fever— Influenia *"' »orply me a 5Cc bottl« free I will
v . Abscess— Anemia KlUney Diseases . UV» it.
Liquozone is not made by com- .Bronchitis La orfppe - • _ __ _
pounding drugs. Its virtues arc de- K t ,X«. 1T&, '
nved:SOlely from gas. made in large Bowel Troubles . Malaria— NeuralrJa •
part from the best oxygen producers. g^ u b^ t^ ds b1 "- ...! .........
By a. process requiring immense appa- colic— Croup Pleurl«y-Quln«y (514> Give mil addr«f»-wriu" plainly.
ratUS and . 14 . days time, this gas IS Constipation - ..Rheumatism T
ni?,de,part Of ;thc. liquid product, .Li- g.Vn'^-SErrhea Icrofula-^hlH, '. W physician or. hospital «*^t win,
OUbZOne has. for more than 20 years, Dandruff— Dropsy stomach, Troubles * 'Liquozone will b« gladly supplied for a test.
KENNEDY MAY ESCAPE
PENALTY FOR CRIME
District Attorney Allowed Two Weeks
To Produce More Testimony, or
Case Will Be Dismissed.
When the case of William B. Ken
nedy, alias Richard Jackson, alias "Yel
low," who has been granted a new trial
by the Supreme. Court, was called in
Judge Cook's court yesterday the Judge
said that unless the District Attorney
could produce further- evidence by
March 12 he wou!d have to dismiss the
case in view of the decision of the high
er court.
Kennedy was one of the thugs tried
end convicted for the murder of Police
man Eugene C. Robinson at Sixteenth
and Valencia streets on the morning of
January 21, 1002. He was sentenced to
imprisonment for life by Judge Cook,
hut an appeal was taken to the Su
preme Court on the ground that the de
fendant could not be convicted on the
uncorroborated testimony of an ac
complice, William Henderson, who
turned State's evidence.
The District Attorney feels satisfied
that the police will be able before
March 12 to get corroborative testi
mony sufficient to satisfy the require
ments of the law and prevent a danger
ous criminal from escaping punishment
for his participation in the cold-blooded
murder of a young officer.
Cliild Burned to Death.
Willie Charles Shaw, not quite three
years old, upset a pot c-f soup on him
self In his grandmother's house, 278
Harriet street, last Wednesday and re
ceived Injuries which caused his death
yesterday.
MAKES PROTEST AGAINST
LECTURE DY THE COURT
Sharp Interchange of \Vords Passes
Between .Juilsc Lnwlor and As
• distant District Attorney.
The proceedings In Judge Lawlor's
court' yesterday were enlivened by a
sharp interchange of words between the
Judge* and Assistant District Attorney
Ferral. The case of Gohza^a Carlos
was "called for the arraignment of the
defendant on a charge of burglary. It
had been discovered that the defend
ant's real name was Carlos Gonzaga.
and the Judge exprcsed his disapproval
of the negligence and carelessness of
somebody responsible for the blunder.
Ferral said that the man had been ar
rested and held to answer in the lower
court under the name of Gonzaga
Carlos, and he disclaimed any respon
sibility, lie asked for a week's continu
ance to amend the pleading.^ to •which
defendant's attorney consented, but the
Judge would only allow till to-morrow.
"Very well," said Ferral,' "just as
your Honor says." . _
The Judge said that Ferral's tone was
disrespectful to the court.
• "I have no. intention of being disre
spectful to the court." retorted Ferral.
"but as an officer of the court I claim
that I have a right to be treated .re
spectfully by the court, and not lec
tured as if I were a schoolboy."
Terrance Is a Civilian.
Terrance Fuller, a 17-year-old youth
of romantic aspirations who enlisted
in the United States marines without
the consent of his parents, was re
leased yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven on habeas corpus.
3132
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Sequoia Gigantca.
BY WILLIAM R- DUDLEY,
(Professor of Bot*ny. Stanford University.)
<The general interest in the bill now be
fore Congress for the preservation of the
<--E.laveras prove of bis tr*e« makes any
<;«.ta pertaining to these marvelous works of
nature of more than usual Interest. The
following new and heretofore unpublished
fact» concerning: the Sequoia iflgantea. repre
**r.tlnr the researches of rrofesaor William
n. Dudley of Stanford University, were pre
sented to the Senate by I'latt of Connecticut
■with a view to enlightening his colleagues
upon the subject of California's giant trees.)
The age of the Sequoia gigantea can
only be obtained by actually counting
the concentrated rings of growth on the
cross section of the felled tree. Of the
trees carefully examined and the rings
counted the oldest possessed 2425 rings,
<.«■ had begun its existence 525 B. C. Ex
tended scrutiny undoubtedly would
bring to light trees that were older, al
though few in number. I do not expect
any to exceed S000 years in this cutting.
Does each annular ring of the struc
ture seen in the cross section represent
a year's growth? It does in the climate
of the Pacific Coast, with its sharply
marked wet and dry seasons. I have
been able repeatedly to demonstrate
this in Monterey pines, Monterey cy
presses, Sequoia sempervirens, and
even in Sequoia gigantea itself in such
specimens in the arboretum of Stanford
University as we have removed on ac
count of injury from insect attack or
drought.
A remarkable recuperative power fol
lowing an injury was found after ex
amination of the sequoias of the Con
verse Basin. The effects of certain tre
mendous forest fires occurring centuries
ago were registered in the trunks of
these trees and the record completely
concealed by subsequent healthy
growth. Among a number of similar
cases the most instructive record of
these ancient f crest fires was observed
in a tree of moderate size — about 15
feet in diameter — 5 feet from the
ground. It was 270 feet in height and
2171 years old.
This tree when felled had an enor
mous surface burn on one side 4 30 feet
in height and occupying 18 feet of the
circumference til the tree; this was
found to have been due to a fire occur
ring in A. D. 1797. The tree when cut.
in 1900, had already occupied Itself for
103 years in its efforts to repair this
injury, its method being the ingrowing
of the new tissue from each margin of
the great black wound. When the tree
was cut the records of three other fires
were revealed. The history of the tree
was as follows:
271 B. C it b&gan its existence
The firet year of the Christian era it
was about 4 feet in diameter above the
base.
245 A. D., at 516 years of age. occurred
a burning on the trunk 3 feet wide.
One hundred and five years were occu
pied in covering this wound with new
tissue. For one thousand one hundred
and ninety-six years no further Injuries
were registered.
1441 A. D.. at 1712 years of age, the
tree was burned a second time in two
long grooves 1 and 2 feet wide, respec
tively. Each had its own system of re
pafr.
One hundred and thirty-nine years of
growth followed, including the time oc
cupied by covering the wounds.
15S0 A. D., at 1S51 years of age, occur
red another fire, causing a burn on the
trunk 2 feet wide, which took fifty-six
years to cover with new tissue.
Two hundred and seventeen years of
growth followed this burn.
1797 A. D., when the tree was 2068
years old, a tremendous fire attacked
it, burning the great scar IS feet wide.
One hundred and three years, be.
tween 1797 and 1900, h: : enabled the
tree to reduce the exposed- area of the
burn to about 14 feet in widlh.
It is to be noted that in each of the
three older burns there was a thin cav
ity occupied by the charcoal of burned
surface, but the wounds were finally
fully covered and the new tissue above
was full, even, continuous, and showed
no sign of distortion or of the old
wound.
The above details are given to show
.the wonderful vitality and freedom
from disease and decay possessed by
these trees. If protected from fire and
the lumberman they would undoubtedly
live to a much greater age than at
present, and would furnish the best
living objects for scientific study and
measurement covering a long period
of years extending from one human
generation to another. These measure
ments would have a bearing on our
knowledge of the laws of growth as
affected by periods of varying climatic
conditions. It happens that the only
measurements already made were made
on the Calaveras big trees tl.Irty years
ago by the geological survey of Califor
nia. It comes near being a crime to not
only destroy objects among the most
interesting in the world, but to throw
away data useful to the science of the
future, as will be done if the Calaveras
trees are felled.
African Pigmies.
DT WILLIAM STAMPS CHERRY".
'.African traveler, oxplorer and big game
hunter.)
(Copyright. 19CH, by Joseph B. Bow!es.)
Some authorities seem %o think that
the undersized people found In the
gloomy depths of the dark forests are
the aboriginal settlers of Africa. That
the pigmies, as they are called, have
any better claim than other African
races of to-day to the distinction of
being the living representatives of the
flrrt people seems to me improbable.
These people, who are slightly under
stature, live in the forest, where they
get little sunlight. They live on meat
principally, and when that cannot be
had resort to reptiles and insects. They
hunt with bows and arrows or spears.
They have all kinds of traps, such ai
sllpnooses attached to a flexible pole,
which is planted upright in the ground,
then bent over to set the trap. "When
the animal tries to get through the
loop the pole springs back into place,
carrying the victim into the air, where
it is strangled. They have a net some
what on the principle of that used by
the gladiators in the arena of Rome, in
which they entangle the wild animals.
They dig holes in the paths, driving
sharpened poisoned sticks in the bot
tom, then covering the holes with
leaves. In the grass they strew poison
ed thorns, and have sharpened sticks
two or three feet long set in the ground
at an angle of thirty or forty degrees,
so that they will stick in the legs as
their enemy runs into them. These are
hid away about their plantations of
plantains, or around their villages.
Three pigmies can kill an elephant,
and with only a few thrusts of a spear
on which they use a vegetable •poison.
They understand the business and con
fidence makes them brave. My meas
urements from a tribe of these people
on the Sanga who called themselves
N'bgongo, and others of the Mobangi,
show the average pigmy to be slightly
under five feet, almost as large as an
average-sized American woman. They
were much larger than I had expected.
They had the strictly African features,
the flat nose and round face, legs short
and well developed, big hips. The
greater curvature of the spine made
the stomach protrude. The arms were
long and not so well developed as the
legs, which is the case with all inland
tribes, while with those using canoes
the arms are the best developed. The
women are conspicuous by their short,
stumpy legs and big hips. They often
become the wives of the ordinary Afri
can. The children of these unions are
as large as the average African. The
pigmies of the Sanga have square huts
and the others reported north of Ban
gui in the primeval forest that skirts
the Mobangui Lake are said also to
have square huts; those between the
Ouelle and Aruimma have the round
hut, which is about as large as the huts
of the larger Africans.
The greatest musical genius I ever
came across was a reputed pigmy at
Stanley Falls, who sang, or rather
hummed to an accompaniment which
he played on an instrument of eight
strings drawn across a board fourteen
inches long and ten inches wide, with
bridges under each string at different
places to tune it. It was a very ingen
ious, and altogether a sweet pounding
and pleasant little affair. The musician
had a broken jaw.
Dr. Junker's conservative statements
would lead one to believe from his first
measurement of a man of five feet that
there . uere many over that measure
ment as well as under. Schweinfurth.
who first told the civilized world of
these small people of the Upper Ouelle,
is very conservative also, and although
he and Dr. Junker think these people
of slightly under stature a race apart,
there la still an interrogation point
after reading their opinion, as' neither
of them saw the pigmies in their vil
lages. Stanley gives the smallest meas
urements of these people, yet reading
his work closely for absolute state
.ments we are'still in doubt, as he does
not state that he saw them In their
villages. The villages were there, but
the pigmies were not, and taking the
measurements of a few is very mislead
ing. Since Stanley, though much has
been published, the question remains
where he left it. Few have been the
additions to his picture of the great
forest. Summing up the whole thing
from my own experience and the actual
facts as given by other explorers, what
is said of the pigmy can be said of
many other African tribes. He differs
only in his stature; his features,
physique, his mode of life, hunting, his
traps, are used among all the tribes
and are essentially as much theirs as
his. The poisoned weapons are not so
common, but they are known, while his
religion and patriarchal laws are those
of the other African people.
Living in the bush without adequate
sunlight, living on meat, often resorting
to an insectivorous diet, might account
'tc-r the slight decrease in stature. Why
should not the climate and conditions
decrease the stature as well as increase
it?
On the Mobangui River, situated on a
high, impregnable bluff, three days be
low Bangui, is a village of giants, every
man of them over six feet and some
measuring seven. It is well known to
the white man. These giants are of
splendid physique, their muscles stand
ing out like those of a Hercules. They
are rather lighter brown than the aver
age African. Their heads are a bad
shape and impress one as unintelligent;
their faces are beastly. They live on
plantains', manioc and the' cola nut.
They are in the country of the gorilla
and chimpanzee, and seem not to have
varied from the ways of these animals
in food and general life. Yet I never
heard these people spoken of as the
missing link, or degenerates, and they
are more nearly related to the big^apes
than the undersized people known as
the pigmies.
Of all the photogn* phs published of
these small people, there is but one that
I have seen that is satisfactory. They
seem to be either children or "runts.*
Children have a peculiar stomach that
is seldom found in an adult, and is
easily distinguished by an experienced
observer. Among tribes of average
build I found smaller specimens than
among the people called pigmies. I
found a dwarf that measured under
three feet fix inches, an old wrinkled
man. but he was a M'Sacklaw. I found
another slightly taller: he could stand
under my arm with ease, and the peo
ple were very proud of him. He was
a Linda. Among the Banzirrf was a
man with ape feet and hands, the big
toe was split away back short, and held
in the position of a monkey's: he was
small and his features seemed borrowed
from a chimpanzee. u
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c ' a pound. In artistic tire
etched boxes.' A nice present for Eastern
friends. "15 Market st.. above Call bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •
-.-...■.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,- FEBRUARY-; 28, 1904.
■T HE SAN FRANCIS GO CALL
'JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor • ♦ • . '•^^SW^^^^i^^^^^^&^^l^SWSM&W^^^i
Publication Offlco • <J^^^^^> •■•••••••• Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY... ......... v; ....FEBRUARY 28, 1904
THE NAVY BILL.
AFTER a prolonged fight the House has passed
• the navy bill substantially as it was reported by
the committee. Many attempts were made to
make a party issue of it, and these will doubtless be re
newed iii the Senate. The answer to all such attempts is
found in the history of the country. If the Democrats
will read the oration of Senator Voorhees at the unveil
ing of the Farragut monument, they, will get a different
viewpoint from that held by those among them who op
pose the navy.
We have on the two oceans a greater coast line than
any other nation. Along that line are great cities. On
the Gulf and Atlantic coasts are Galveston, New Or
leans, Mobile, Savannah, Charleston, New York and
Boston, with Baltimore and Philadelphia in a position of
secondary exposure. On the Pacific we have San Fran
cisco and San Diego, with Los Angeles, Portland and
the Sound cities in secondary exposure. These cities
offer a richer spoil in war than all the wealth of the an
cient empires, for which great armies ■ struggled. To
provide a navy capable of defending these coasts is a
matter of ordinary prudence. No one wants war and no
one expects it. But the history of the nations proves
that war may come, no matter how strictly a country
may attend to its own affairs,- and that lack of prepara
tion is merely an invitation to attack.
It seems to be the theory of some of the opponents
of a navy adequate for our maritime defense that if we
have no navy we will need no defense. That may come
true when the millennium arrives, but that happy time
is not yet in sight. Only one thing will ever justify us
in -letting our navy decline, and that will be a general
international agreement to abate the naval force ; of
each maritime nation down to a low and economical
minimum.
What the anti-naval party in Congress should pro
pose is not invitation to attack by crippling our sea
power, but a peace commission to all the other mari
time countries to secure such an agreement. That would
test the policy they advocate and would establish it
either as a chimera or a fact. Unless they do this, they
should withdraw opposition. From the beginning of our
history we have sought and depended upon sea power.
During the Revolution we had but little of such power,
but it was used with excellent effect, and Paul Jones gave
a chapter to our book of glory that no American would
willingly blot out. In the War of 1812 our sea power had
increased, and the ffcats of Lawrence, Bainbridge and
Decatur on the sea and of Commodore Perry on Lake
Erie are imperishable witnesses to the need of a navy
and to the ability of Americans to fight at sea.
President Roosevelt says: "The Spanish war was a
little war, but it was all the war there was." Suppose
that our navy had been what it was when William C.
Whitney took up the work of naval construction! Spain
would have whipped us, notwithstanding her vast infe
riority in resources. With no navy we could not have
sent a single soldier to be landed in Cuba or Porto Rico.
With no navy the Spanish fleet need not have waited
death in Manila Bay before Cavite, but would have tor
mented our whole t Pacific Coast. It could have coaled
in our harbors in spite of us, and its guns,' though in
efficiently served, would have been so much better than
none at all that our humiliation would have been com
plete. N
It is easy to say that we ought not to have had the
Spanish war. The answer is that we oid have it, and that
in response to the demand of the people, who were ready
to crush any administration and party that refused to
gratify them. II it were a mistake the people made it.
It was their war. whether justified or not, and if a mis
take who will guarantee the people against making an
other just like it? So, from whatever point our last war
is viewed, its lesson reads for a strong navy. Without
the naval operations before Cavite and Santiago we
would have presented a sorry figure.
In the current war between Japan and Russia, the
weaker nation has equalized herself with an enemy six
fold her superior in resources, by her naval equipment.
If Japan succeed in holding her superiority in sea power
on the east coast of Asia, she may wear out her stronger
enemy, just as Spain would have worn us out if we had
lacked a navy.
To extend the argument into commerce, one ship in
our navy has produced commerce for us in value far ex
ceeding the whole cost of our existing navy. It is de
clared by American experts in Europe that the foreign
market. was opened to American machinery and metal
products by the warship Oregon. When that ship was
being built at the Union Iron Works in San Francisco,
no one foresaw that she was to be a key to unlock a new
market. But when the Spanish war put her on trial she
proved to be the best piece of work ever wrought in
metal by man. As an example of American constructive
skill she left the rest of the world so far behind that the
markets yearned for American mechanism. • She still
iloats, the best ship that ever kissed the water, and until
she is excelled our constructive work ..will hold its pri
macy. This should be considered by those who say that
there should be no money spent on the navy, but that it
should be diverted to other uses which will give "an imme
diate and material return.
Some of Uncle Sam's warships arc now at Hongkong,
a little too far away to watch the movements , of the
Russians and the Japanese and too close to be out, of
danger of rubbing the Bear's fur the wrong way. The
time is now certainly for our fighting sailor men' to learn
the splendid lesson that discretion is nine parts of valor.
WAGES OF RURAL CARRIERS.
PRESIDENT CUNNINGHAM - of ■. the . National
Rural Letter Carriers' Association has ■: addressed
a strong plea to the country at large in behalf of
a measure now before Congress which aims at an in
crease in the of the .'rural free delivery
letter carriers. 'The carriers have formally asked for an
increase of salary dependent upon length df_service. -In
stead of the $600 per annum flat rate. of wage which they,
are receiving now. the carriers 'would have the Govern
ment pay them $600 for the first year, $720 .for thesecond
and $850 for the third and all succeeding years.
It seems that for the good of the rural delivery service
and in all fairness to the men employed, therein, Con
gress should pay heed to this petition of the 'carriers' for
an advanced wage. In a recent report the Fourth Assist
ant Postmaster General has advocated raising' the. sala
ries of all those carriers whose route is ; not\ less -than
twenty-five miles in length to $750, but at^thc same- time
curtailing all. privileges of carrying on an 'express busi
ness. This recommendation can hardly fill thebrcachi
for, ' ; save, in the Western country, ; there is.- not one.car
rier in fifteen whose route comes ■ within the twenty-five
mile" limit and the^ limitation of the advanced wage to
these few would be unfair discrimination. On the other
hand,: if the merit of service be allowed to count for an
increase of wages such as the carriers suggest, the effect
would be an inducement to long continued service on the
part of those who have proved their efficiency.
Among those opposed to the extension of the rural
free delivery system there arc some who say that if the
present growth continues to mark the progress of the
newly installed service, there will soon be 50,000 carriers
drawing annually. $30,000,000 from the national treasury.
These of the pessimistic turn of mind do not seem to
take into consideration the fact that the rural free de
livery system has increased the postal revenue already to
an extent which more than covers the cost to the Gov
ernment. Should Congress see fit to grant the deserved
increase of wages to the carriers, the increased use of the
mails which has followed the adoption of the rural de
livery system would rapidly wipe out the deficit thereBy
created.
A Russian rioter, convicted of participation in the
Kishenev massacres, was sentenced recently to an im
prisonment of one ye*ar. The judgment of the court
is either an. imposition upon the prisoner or an insult
to civilization. It is such compromises as this that
make Russia odious in the eyes of the world.
BRITISH LIQUIDATIONS.
THE recent publication in London of the twelfth an
nual report of the "Inspector-General in Com
panies' Liquidation" has aroused a good deal of in
terest in Great Britain on account of the extraordinary
showing of losses on the part of investors in stock com
panies. It appears :that the capital involved in liquida
tions during 1902 amounted to £64,270,454, and of that
amount nearly £30,000,000, or upward of $150,000,000,
was made up of capital supplied by the investing public.
These figures<vvhile extraordinary in themselves are
not. much above the annual amounts of such failures,
though they exceed those of last year by about one^mil
lion sterling. During the last ten years the total capital
involved in such failures reached the sum of £560,000,
000. Of course the whole of that enormous sum was
not lost, for the actual amount of loss depends upon the
result of the liquidations. Unfortunately no exact statis
tics are available on that point.
A London authority in reviewing the report says:
"The actual money loss during the past decade is heavy
enough. The Inspector-General puts it at over £380,000,
000. Besides, it must be borne in mind that during the
ten years in question about 11,000 companies which did
not go into actual liquidation -were, for various reasons,
struck off the register and ceased to exist: and although
it may be assumed that the majority of these represent
abortive attempts to form Companies, yet the Inspector-
General is informed by the Registrar that in many cases,
including cases where the assets have been swept off by
debenture holders, they represent a considerable amount
of capital which does not enter into the foregoing esti
mate of loss."
As we have no official figures in America correspond
ing to'those of the 'British report," we cannot make any
reliable comparison of the rate and the proportion of
failures of stock • companies and losses of investors be
tween the two countries. Our. people, however, are more
speculative than the British, and it is quite likely our
showing of losses, were the statistics compiled, would be
even greater than those reported from London. Taken
altogether, it will be seen that the profits of the so-called
"bloated capitalists" are by rip means so great as is some
times supposed. Men of enterprise take big risks in de
veloping new countries and establishing new industries,
and when all is said and done, they will generally be
found to have deserved whatever profits may come to
them from successful ventures.
Diplomats resident in Washington are now discussing
cheerfully the prospects of the Emperor of Korea hav
ing his thoroughly • respectable, unoffending existence
closed by. assassination. Perhaps, since the .Japanese
have taken everything else the Emperor has on earth,
they may as well finish'thcir job by taking his life.
ABOUT THE DOWAGER.
■ ■" k ■ FEW days ago the wars and rumors of war were
/\ " interrupted and driven off the. wires by a report
■*■ *■ that the Dowager Empress of China was dead.
T|i An is her name arid she is a remarkable woman.
Born a slave, she became a wife of an Emperor, and be
fore he rested from his labors in the tombs of the Man
chus, Tsi An outranked the other empresses and played
the part of leading lady. Since then no matter who has
been Emperor she has governed China, and is 'by no
means second to Semiramis, Tomyris, Catherine, Eliza
beth and the other ladies, who have shown that they can
run empires just as well as men.
Remarkable as she has. been hitherto, Tsi An's present
status, in the eye of the news reading world, eclipses all
of her past performances. She lay dead in the headlines
of an afternoon uapcr inSan Francisco for an hour, and
then was restored to life in an opposition paper. She
was dead in a rumor for twenty-four hours at Sacra
mento, .and f is still dead at Eureka 'in Humboldt County
and in Salt Lake. Some hours after her restoration to
life in San Francisco she died in Chicago a natural death,
and was poisoned at Pittsburg and Baltimore. In some
of the New. England towns she committed suicide and
in others was stabbed, through Jier corset, if she wore
one, and in. Minnesota her death was immediately fol
lowed.by the dismemberment of the empire she had ruled
so .long. In several Southern States she was merely ill,
while, lying dead in other- parts of the_United States. In
a very, fevv places. she was, alive and hearty enough to be
taking tea with Mrs. Conger, wife of the American Min
ister to Peking.
K We await news from Europe to. see what Tsi An's
fate is in theother hemisphere, though, what happened
to her' in this- country' is of sufficient variety to satisfy
the. most exacting- appetite for novelty. The Chinese
legation in ■..Washington, could make a big book put of
what happened to its : august and' imperial mistress • in
theY brief,* space {of* forty-eight •'hours, in the American
press, and- it would make- the .venerable lady, pinch her
self .to determine whether she is T really,- presiding over
broken China, or. is sleeping beside the loug gone Em
peror and his other wives; in the official tombs of the
; Before- leaving for ;the front General < Kuropatkin de
clared -that Russia ,had ; made such •preparations that no
Japanese soldier: now in the 'invading armies will ever re
turn to;- his. native .lahd^alive.; The next news ,we prob
ably willJiear. from the,bombasticr general will-have that
familiar prelude: "1- regret -to report."
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Close Call for Lees.
Several detectives were talking the
other day about notorious crooks and
the narrow escapes that happened
sometimes to sleuths while making ar
rests.
"About the narrowest escape that I
can recall," said one. "happened to
the late Chief Lees. A porch climber
had been at work for some time and
had robbed several of the big houses in
the Western Addition. One day a
young fellow who had been used as a
confederate by the porch climber,
whose name was Reese, called at a
jewelry store, at that time on Sutter
and Kearny streets, to sell a valuable
diamond. The jeweler looked at the
diamond and suspecting it had been
stolen refused to hand it back to the
young man and quietly notified police
headquarters.
"Lees hurried to the store and in
the meantime the young man had told
Reese of his experience. Reese was an
.athletic young fellow and he hastened
to the store intending to recover the
diamond or kill the jeweler. Lees was
there before him and as he entered
and made a threatening demand for
the return of the diamond Lees grab
bed hold of him. Reese shook Lees off
and made a movement toward his hip
pocket. Lees grappled with him again,
but was quickly knocked down. Just
as Reese pulled a revolver out of. his
hip pocket and was about to fire at Lees
Tommy Ellis, who was then a plumber
and happened to me passing the store
at the time, rushed in and dealt Reese a
blow on the head with a kit of tools
he was carrying in his hand, knocking
him down. Reese was promptly over
powered and handcuffed. Lees was so
grateful to Ellis for his timely assist
ance that he got him appointed on the
force and he has made an excellent
officer."
An Effective Union.
Judge Ben B. Lindsey of Denver, who
has attained national fame among
criminologists from the handling of
wayward youth, street gamins and the
young flotsam of the highways and by
ways, has a fund of rare stories to tell
in connection with his dealings with
the neglected boys and girls of the
Colorado capital. It is as presiding
magistrate of the Juvenile Court that
Judge Lindsey comes in contact with
these youngsters. During his recent
visit to California his Honor poured
forth a flow of anecdote that marked
his splendid sympathy in the work of
the court. Here is one of his stories:
"We were having much trouble with
the boys in Republican alley over crap
shooting. The police made many ar
rests and I had done what I could to
check the growth of gambling, but it
seemed hopeless. One day as I was
passing the alley, I saw one of my
wards, Bennie, a newsboy, shooting
craps. I called him out of the crowd
and said to him:
" 'Bennie, I thought you told me you
would quit shooting craps."
" 'Yes, I did. Judge,' replied the
youngster, 'but you see a big fellow
came along and offered three to one
(15 cents to 5 cents) and I just couldn't
stay out.'
"We tried to substitute games for
craps," continued Judge Lindsey, "and
that failed. At last we took advantage
of the strong union sentiment "there
and we got a lot of these boys to
gether and formed a union — an anti
crap-shooters' union. And do you
know th^t a boy isn't safe now who
offers to shoot craps in Republican
alley?" *
The Wind.
'Twas such a saucy little brook >
And had so beckoning: a look
And had a wink .so sly.
That off I follow'd where it led.
Caught by Us roguish eye.
Caught by the dimpling laugh that sped
Ever ahead, ever ahead.
Amid the grasses growing; —
And O the wind was blowing.
And O the wind was high!
It seemed to me I must chase
Korever at a charmed pace
Among the parting grasses:
Forever taunted by a sound
Of laughing-voiced lasses
Whom never any mortal found:
While all around and all around
Green grasses should be growing
And dreams be misty blowing
As a peril when it passes.
Fled is the wind I know not where:
There is a deadness in the air
And rain along the sky.
Where am I going that I run
Upon the muddy flats that lie
In squalor toward a setting sun?
Can this same pathway have begun .
Where there were grasses growing?
And O the wind was blowing.
And O the wind was high!
—Everybody's Magazine.
Paternal Watchfulness.
Secretary of War Taffs father, Al
phonso Taft, was Secretary of War be
fore him. serving with Grant in 1876.
An oil portrait of Alphonso Taft hangs
on the wall facing Secretary Taft's
desk in the War Department. T-,
When he reached his office on the
morning after the day of his swearing
in as Secretary of War Mr. Taft stood
before his father's picture and viewed
it for a long time. Then he turned to
one of his assistants.
"That's a good picture," he said.
"My good old governor certainly had
a commanding eye. I say nothing
about the comoelling force of his
hand." Then he added, his eyes
twinkling: "I am afraid I'll just natu
rally have to be Rood here, under that
steady and questioning gaze."
Honor for Washington.
Booker T. Washington, whose "Up
From Slavery" was pronounced to be
one of the notable human documents
of the nineteenth century, recently fig
ured in an Incident that gratified him
very. much. He was going North on a
train in the South, and while seated in
the. dining-car watched a group of
young men at the end of the car. He
became a little suspicious on account
of- the size of the group and their con
stant gaze. The dining-car conductor
had 'to request the young men to keep
out several times. Finally one - of the
men came' to" Mr. Washington's table
and sald_ he was one of twenty stu
dents returning to Trinity College after
the holiday recess and that all wanted
to meethiin. It will' be remembered
that the controversy over Booker Wash
ington, which started in Trinity Col-
lege, attracted national attention. Pro
fessor John Spencer Bassett of the fac
ulty declared that the head of the Tus
kegee Institute had done a notable
work. There was a fierce storm of criti
cism. Dr. Bassett was brought to trial
for his utterance. A notable victory for
academic freedom resulted.
Lettuce Prevents Disease.
Don't forget that lettuce is a pre-«
ventive of smallpox.
So far as it is possible for a human
being to be protected from catching
smallpox, lettuce is a protection.
No need for vaccination whatever.
Any person who eats a small quantity
of lettuce twice a day, morning and
evening, is as well protected against
smallpox as it is possible for any one
to be.
To be sure, one ought to be clean,
ought to live in ventilated rooms and
avoid dirt of all sorts. Also avoid
contact with people who have small
pox. Foolish exposure to the conta
gion of smallpox is not to be thought
of. But there is no need for vaccina
tion.
Go calmly on about your business.
Provide a small quantity of lettuce
morning and evening, and you can feel
sure that you have protected yourself
and your family in the best possible
way against smallpox.
Lettuce is one of the oldest vege
table remedies known to the medical
profession. Long before it was used
as food it was used as medicine. Many
times it haa been claimed that it has
magical or miraculous powers to pre
vent contagious disease. "We believe
this t is carrying matters altogether too
far. But lettuce does furnish to the
system exactly what is needed to pro
tect it against the poison of smallpox.
We defy any one to produce a case
of smallpox that has been contracted
by anv person who made daily use of
lettuce as a food. If there is any such
case on record, we would be glad to
hear of it. — Medical Talk.
As Plain As Day.
Nathan's teacher believed in reduc
ing poetry to diagram and visible out
line. Therefore, according to the
Boston Herald, she told the class to
make a rough illustration of the poem,
"The Old Oaken Bucket."
Xathan's illustration consisted of a
large circle; three buckets and a bunch
of dots.
"Nathan," said the teacher, "I don't
understand this. What's the circle?"
"That's the well," replied Nathan.
"And why have you three buckets?"
"One is the old oaken bucket, one is
the iron-bound bucket and the other
is the moss-covered bucket which
hung in the well."
"And what are all those little dots?"
"Those are the loved spots which
my infancy knew."
Ansive.^ to Queries.
JAPAN-CHINA WAR— A. S., City.
No American naval officer served in
the Japanese navy during the Japan-
China war by authority of the United
States Government.
FULL PAT— A. E.. City. When an
officer of the United States army on
the retired list is, at the request of the
Governor of a State, detailed for duty
with the organized militia of that
State, he receives full pay and allow
ance of his grade.
ETIQUETTE — Subscriber, Alame
da, Cal. No habit is in worse taste
than that of too many well-meaning
men of grasping a lady companion
by the elbow, while walking with her.
to guide her awkwardly over every
crossing and puddle. If it becomes
necessary for a lady to take the arm
of her escort she should place her
hand, usually the left one, just in the
angle of his elbow.
ALASKA — Subscriber, Shady Run,
Cal. A great deal of information rela
tive to Alaska is to be found in
"Alaska: Its Neglected Past and Bril
liant Future," by James, and in
"Through the Gold Fields of Alaska
to Bering Straits," by Harry de Wlndt.
These books are illustrated with many
maps. J.arse maps of the Alaska Ter
ritory may be obtained through any*
first-class bookseller.
HAGUE TRIBUNAL — C. W.. Gon
zales, Cal. What is known as The
Hague arbitration convention was or
ganized July 29.. 1899, and is composed
of representatives of the signatory na
tions, who were appointed for six years
and mav be renominated. All the na
tions are not represented. The decision
of the body is final unless a revision
for good and sufficient cause is de
manded within a stated time.
PROPERTY— A. K.. Oakland. Cal. In
California if a woman dies and leaves
a husband, but no children, the
community property goes to the
husband without administration.
If she left separate property, but no
will, one-half goes to the husband when
there are no children, and the balance
is divided according to the law of suc
cession to the heirs at law. A married
woman .holding separate property can
dispose of the same by will, and Is at
liberty to devise the whole of It to her
husband If she desires, or she may
make a deed gift of fhe same to him
and place It In escrow, the document
not to be delivered to him until after
her death.__; ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ .- , ■ , .. . . i i^ — — — ™"~
SEASON 1904
Wash Goods Department
.Dress Linens Linen Etamines, Coarse L*nens in
. Solid Colors. Linen Ducks, -Linen B ggings.
Bordered Etamihes, 48 inches wide. For Waists
■and Suits $1.25 yard
Irish Dimities in new designs 25c yard
Silks
Small Check-, Stripes, etc., for Shirt Waist Suits
in Satin Messaline, Taffet>; Peau de Crepe snd
• ■ Louisines.
Prices $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 yard
Special guaranteed Taffeta, all shades. . .75c yard
Woolen Dress Goods,
•Special importation French Novelties in single
dress patterns of handsome materials, including
. • Crepe Messaline, Voile Chiffon, Etamine Melange
■ ; and many other new fabrics.
• • Voile de Laine, all colors $4.50 suit
; Parasols
'. Novelties in Lace, Chiffon, Pongee, 4 Grass Linen,
V ; : Dresden Ribbon, etc.
Ladies' Hosiery
Spring stock is now complete and embraces some
' extremely novel and attractive ideas in Silk Em-
: ..broidered and Lace Effects.
Special — Ladies* Lace. Lisle Hose — All-over effects
.; and Lace ankles. Value 75c 50c pair
Men's Furnishings
• New Shirts for Spring and Summer $1.50
•• E-glish Squares, special value 50c
: " Fancy Half Hose, hand embroidered 25c
•Fancy Vests in Flannel, Madras, Cheviot, Piqu3
'■_ and Silk and Wool $2.00 up
Dressmaking to Order, Top Eloor.
jf Cor.Post * Kearny 5tSa
WILL TESTIFY
BEFORE SENATE
Mormom Leaders Start for
Washington to Take Part
in the Smoot Investigation
SALTLAKE, Utah, Feb. 27.—Presi
dent Joseph F. Smith of the Mormon
dbvJjtbi accompanied by Apostle Fran
cis M." L>yn. Church Historian Andrew
Jensen. Hiram M. Smith and other
prominent church leaders, left to-day
for .Washington to testify before the
Fub-coramlttee of the United States
P«»na*e Committee on Privileges and
Elections In the Smoot investigation.
Three of those subpenaed will not ap
pear before the committee on account j
of eicknesn. They are Apostles John J
Henry Smith and W. W. Merrill and
forrrK»r Apostie Moh»s Thatcher.
The United States Marshal and his
deputies, were unable to locate Apostle
John W,- Taylor, George Teasdale of
.\*ephf," ptah; J. W. Taylor of Farming
ton. Judge J. M. Turner, Mathias F.
Coaley and Samuel S. Newton. Judg
ing from the witnesses subpenaed the
belief -is expressed generally here that
:h<? Senate committee intends to go
fjuite .deeply into the present status of
j.olygamy. and polygamous cohabita
tion in Utah.
•H ga mm JV No woman's happ).
is her nature to love
beautiful j and
pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
passv however, is so fraught with .dread, pain, suffering and danger,,
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend bo prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful _
the trying crisis without suffering. «T ffV& m /ffljk E&ffl &M
S»-!:d for fr*e book contMrilnr Information jXffim fit M g&4= J& Ml ffjm
Tbc Eradfield Bsflulatcr Co., Atlanta^ Ga.
STRIKER DYING
FROM NEGLECT
Friends Say He Was Kept in
Jail Three Days on Trival
Charge and Not Given Food
Special Dispatch to Tbe Ca.ll.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 27.—Au
gust Vallet, one of the striking coal
miners of Carson County, was brought
to this city In a dying condition this
morning and placed in St. Mark's Hos
pital. His friends say that his condi
tion Is due to hardships suffered In jail
at Sunnyside.
Vallet was arrested by the guards
and jailed on a charge of vagrancy.
It is now alleged that he\was left with
out food for three days, and, that al
though the weather "was bitter cold,
he was not allowed a flre. After his
release he became 111 and rapidly grew
worse. -His friends say that Thursday
last they tried to send a messenger for
a physician to attend Vallet, but the
company guards would not permit the
messenger to pass. Vallet's friends
finally demanded a pass from the mine
superintendent so that the sufferer
could be removed. The physicians
say Vallet Is In a terrible condition.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 1904.
MASONRY SAVES
STATE RECORDS
Valuable Documents in Cap
itol at 31adison Believed to
Be Uninjured by the Fire
FLA31ES GUT TWO WINGS
Conflagration Renews Agita
tion for the Transfer of
the Capitol to Milwaukee
MADISON, Wis., Feb. 27.— Trie flre
in the Wisconsin State Capitol bulld
ingr caused a loss of $800,000. The flre
involves the building of a new Capitol,
a special session of the Legislature and
the probable renewal of the agitation
in favor of the removal of the capital
from Madison to Milwaukee. The flre,
which was caused by defective electric
wiring, ruined the east and west wings,
containing the Senate and Assembly
chambers and the departments of the
Tax Commission, the Adjutant General,
Railroad Commissioner, State Superin
tendent of Schools, Superintendent of
Public Property, Board of Agriculture,
State Normal School, Commission of
Fisheries, Fish and Game Warden,
State Board of Pharmacy, State Land
Office, Dairy and Food Commission,
State Treasurer, Commissioner of La
bor, Governor, Secretary of State, State
Board of Control and Insurance Com
missioner, the Supreme Court law
library and the State Library Commis
sion.
KECOKDS IX VAULTS.
Practically all the valuable State rec
ords are believed to be safe. Most of
them remain in masonry and steel
vaults in the ruins.
Governor Schofleld maintained Insur
ance on the building throughout his
term totaling $600,000, but the last Leg
islature instituted an insurance fund
and directed the State's officers to al
lu\v the insurance policies to lapse.
In June last there lapsed $510,000, and
in December the policies for $90,000.
There is in the insurance fund at the
present time about $6000 to meet the
loss, which conservative estimates place
at $800,000. The fire practically devas
tated every portion jof the Capitol
building, with the exception of the
north -end. This was saved, but is in
such a delapidated condition that this
portion, together with the standing
walls, will have to be torn down.
LAW LIBRARY SAVED.
Governor La Follette was early on
the scene and by his coolness and self
possession did much to enforce order
among the workers. AH the contents
of the immense law library were car
ried out, together with a large quan
tity of other books and papers. The
priceless records stored in the Grand
Army room also were saved.
Chief Charles Bernard was overcome
by smoke and fell from a ladder, re
ceiving serious injuries. He is uncon
scious.
From an original cost of $60,000 in
1857 appropriations from time to time
for new additions made the cost of
the State Capitol to date about $900,000.
WILL TRADE BUFFALOES
WITH YELLOWSTONE PARK
Golden Gate Herd Is to Receive Some
Youns Animals From the Na
tional Reserve.
The Park Commissioners have ar
ranged for an exchange of buffaloes be
tween the Gcrlden Gate Park herd and
that in the Yellowstone National Park.
In June next they will receive a young
bull and a heifer from the national re
serve.
Major John Pitcher, U. S. A., super
intendent of the Yellowstone National
Park, was in the city during the week
and while here inspected the animals
at the local pleasure ground. He was
greatly pleased with the line' showing
of American wild animals and pro
nounced the buffalo 1 owned by the city
to be as good specimens as can be
found anywhere. As inbreeding, how
ever, is liable to injure the stock, he
agreed with Commissioner Reuben H.
Lloyd to furnish a pair selected from
the growing herd at the National Park,
the San Francisco Park Commission
giving up a pair of its own buffalo in
exchange.
Major Pitcher has succeeded in do
mesticating great numbers of deer and
other game at Fort Yellowstone. Dur
ing the winters the reservation is prac
tically deserted, and at this season the
superintendent has. large quantities of
feed scattered on the ground near his
own quarters. So quickly do the ani
mals learn that they are safe from
molestation that deer, elk, antelope and
even Rocky Mountain sheep, the most
shy of all American game, now come
to the park in increasing numbers
every winter, knowing that they will
find feed In abundance there and be
free from attack. The same thing is
seen in Golden Gate Park, where flocks
of mallards and other ducks feed on
the lakes in perfect confidence that
the regulations against the use of fire
arms will protect them. Major PItcKer
found the elk at the park surprisingly
tame, they coming at the call of a fa
miliar attendant.
There are now twenty-six elk ■ In
Golden Gate Park, with fifteen deer of
different varieties, Including the beau
tiful Persian spotted deer; also two
antelope, nine buffalo and four kanga
roos. A young buffalo bull which the
Park Commission obtained last year
by exchange with ■William F. Cody,
better known as Buffalo Bill, died soon
after reaching the park.
Draughtsmen Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that an examination
will be held April 6, 7 and 8 at San
Francisco, Fresno, Los Angeles and
Marysville for the position of engineer
draughtsman. Salaries, $1400 to $1600
j'er annum. Age limit, 20 years or over.
Persons who desire to compete should
apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington, D. C,
or to the secretary of the Consolidated
Board of Civil Service Examiners, 301
Jackson street, San Francisco, for ap
plication form 1312, which should be
properly executed and filed with the
commission at Washington.
St. Petersburg has the highest
death rate for any European capital —
&1 per 1000.
;•'■- ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ "-.'
'■''""' ■ .' ■...■•■•- _• _ _ , :..- J .,..,i .'-:^-* i
Oor. 16th eindi Mission Streets. ' , .
$250,000 StbcK of Ftirnittire
Thousands of eager buyers have thronged our ; The managers, desirous of closing out this immense
stores since the beginning of this sale. Such values stock as rapidly as possible, have made the prices so
have never been offered before and will never be low that we expect to see last month's wonderful sales
** H : ' outdone. > \ I
cnerea a o am.^ £xtra arran a e ments have been made for deliveries.
For the past month our wagons have been kept Customers who desire to anticipate their wants
busy hauling these bargains to oiir thousands of spring refurnishing can leave their purchases in our
customers. ware-rooms until May 1.
Parlor Furniture. «i^Siittyw Dining Room Furniture.
596.00 Parlor Suit, three pieces. Sale s~£v^*ZBS^^ $4.00 Golden Oak Leather Box Seat Din- T 1V^ .Pat ""tC^
price $69.20 . . fi^ \ ng chair Sale price $2.90 DOX scat 1 7 »H
$199 00 Solid Mahogany 3-Piece Suit & \\ $8.00 Weathered Oak Box Scat Dinli.R din.T. fill- .-_~ -
niAnA o P [m v'l"; o'W,"' 9 c ?♦ -, Chair. Mission style, leather seat Rich tpjg" — "V
$120 00 Solid Mahogany 2-Piece Suit^ « » and back. Sale*rice $6.9O quarter- HI 'V -^jf
IS9.00 MahSny r AreneeVed V-Pi'eciiuu! , Xffi '"l^^t^^ck 1 'saie^ice 1 '"' S3Wed oak - H^^^S^^
Sale price $62.4O Y| X 'Lf/ leather seat and back, bale price^. Heavy. . I — MU
$33.00 Solid Mahogany Rocker, vtfe seat. kW 'Rl v*i 'f*-' '' '"' ''''',''"' * " * •••••• • • • • * *T"v «han>iu I • Ml
Sale price .'. '. . 322.50 ill Bl $4.00 Golden Oak or Weathered Oak Sad- snapziy I ril
$15.75 Mahogany Slipper Rocker,' uphol- >1 K\ die Seat Dining Chair. Sale price. . French legs P__ ~-^s?-J ffl
stered spring seat. Sale price... $11.75 \]\ \\ ; ' $ 2£S Genuine
?30.00 Mahogany Rocker, upholstered /./ \\ $12.50 Weathered Oak Dinlnp: Chair. Old | Pa th*»r ■"==- -4 I
leather seat. Sale price $20^S / // • ! \ \ Mission style. Spanish leather uphol- • ""» ~^ Si
$45.00 Solid Mahogany Library Rocker. / 7 ' \4 stered seat. Sale price $8.25 Seal. f \iM0^ m i BJ
upholstered leather spring seat. Sale AM \J l»i US $17.00 Golden Oak Buffet, highly pol- . . /la
price : $30.00 |fL %% Jfi! M» ished. Sale price $11.40 \U
19.00 Mahogany Slipper Rocker. Sale Jfe <|§>C^ ~Z^T^--Z~-^J(& M $29.50 Golden Oak Buffet, two top draw- / W
$4 '5 Imitation" Maho' 'a '''Ro'ker li ers, one large linen drawer, elegant | B /W
niw^kQt^^Id^T^ , -J r^ wcoV-Stosto!!- Ket/w^he^foak
J-..JU suiui .M.iiioganj ikCCeption taair. ,'[ I" * A\ finish leid^d gl'\as doors heavy &UL __ {~ i * r r7 B * Vt PfXiTirf J^"" J^StJ
$62.00 Larpe Mahogany Davenport, lip- i^^^ssO^-Sij^l $31.00 Weathered Oak Dinlnp Table. 48- g |:| t\ f?j
holstered In Verona. Sale price... / /^^^T^Si^^^^^^^^^^ ' rVk inch square top, massive square legs. | f-^1
$68.50 Mahogany Davenport. heavy f A'| Si $18.00 Golden Oak Extension Table, 43- \ f\^^^y|||?S|Si [Wj^^J
carved legs and back. S;\lo price.. _ , _ , fj inch top. highly polished, heavy \\\ fSn^SS r^r yl
$54^0 1 rlrOQQ nff IJlhlD ' fl ' twisted legs. Sale price $12.50 \U VI Jp^ H
$60.00 Davenport Bed, mahogany or oak \\ \ UluOOIIIg I QUID |J If $12.00 Solid Oak Extension Table. 42- \» \A m Hi,
finish. Sale price $52.50 \ j w II » inch top. polished. Sale price. .$8.25 IB ■ l\\
JSOOMahoganyParloV'SuitVVp^s 0 X ™™ 0D= ' \ m SXL^tX^^Si^'iS^ V 1
Halo nripo eoo nn , ■ i $S7.50 Combination China Closet and Bui- , \f II]] ¥\
$54.00 Mahogany' Parlor' Suit; 1 5* piecS t/ , COit nn I f€t ' Sale P rice J5975 pflCC * L ™
Sale price $36.00 ValUC $24.00. ! VI
$42.00 Mahogany Parlor Suit, 3 pieces. / • jf RrPCC fllid I TOli Bed5
Sale price $30.00 ** ■ i Y3\<\&& ClllU HUH L»t.U^».
$31.50 Gold Divan. Sale price $21.00 ' m -'
$88.50 Mahogany Parlor Suit, 5 pieces. • \J $96.00 Elegant Brass Bed, 4-inch $36.00 Iron Bed. heavy brass trim-
Sale price $67.50 „. . _. -mi,", posts. Sale price $75.00 mings. Sale price $37.10
. The above Dressing Table can be had $67.50 Brass Bed. fancy brass cor- $16.00 Iron Bed. Sale price. .. $12.00
Bedroom Furniture. &&& ffiSBSSSAiSSiS t^TkJ^'^Z %g b^'^ !!s:SS \'Z i& ji^g^SS
-^JSrSSS'i^isL «SK- S^ffS^T^^^ ,,oo,Vo- n Bii-.-i.- s ,Ve:-s,i.Vrg^
Sale price .7 $75.00 2. n^ * \A t> lln f d> I } eti^ 1 o n . 8 «« Sale price Sale price $16.00 86.00
$44.00 Bird's-eye Maple Dressing Table. * 1#> ' O °- Regular price $24.00. $12.50 Iron Bed, brass trimmings. $12.00 Iron Bed. *i size. Sale price..
Colonial design, Sale price. . .$29.25 • Sale price $9.00 :*V'= iTV" ? 9#2S
$36.00 "Princess" Dresser, high-class fin- Mnrp Rprlrnnm Furnltiiro $27.00 Iron Bed. half brass. Sale $6.00 Iron Bed. *♦ size. Sale price..
ish and design. Sale price. .. .$29.50 «»iure DBOrOOm rumiCUre. price 518.00 $4.25
$57.00 Birch Dresser, natural finish. $117.00 Solid Mahogany Colonial Suit.
large" oval mirror. Sale price. $38.60 Sale price $99.50
$45.00- Immense "Princess" Dresser, $86.50 Mahogany Dresser, French plate. • . |
large French Plate 28x40 inches. Sale price $57.60 ' ' /2S=3S§ jt\i',u n"%
Sale price S30.40 $21.50 Mahogany or O;jk Shaving Stand. \ tt^ ¥&< ! lil li ,», - ,
$44.50 Mahogany Dresser, large i>lut<- Sale pVice $14.50 Br~ — " "'" 1- ' ga^Sjg 1 . ■ n tt W| | jl WirnitiAlin
mirror. Sale price S30.00 $44.00 Weathered Oak Dressing Table. B l 1 *"^^! ''IMliJiaB/iSaLiiJdMJiJjrjPfaaa ' ■ ■ ■ <3j ' l> ? - lllWUlllUuU
$39.00 Klegant Bird's-eye Maple Dresser. French bevel mirror 36x17 inches. H 'UH'ulMhill u'l laSm : :i M HBT-'/U BMBSag Mjiilitf iflftijHliigj M i
Sale price S26.00 Salo price $29.50 I< W™ w) il^l^^r'"' IT ™™m 4\V lIl'H 1 '' Don/rac
$35.00 Solid Mahogany Dresser, Serpen- 520.00 Solid Onk Dresser, swell front. 20 «' ' Bj^Mf'gf^»^?3?MaM 'JiflJH ftdD2wj
, tine front, piano finish. Sale price xl'4 French plate mirror. Sale price CT; | « \^^^1^^0%W^ 'OM 9 l*\\liH '■
t43.5a Solid Mahogany* Chiffonier. Sale ........ . 1.1.., n^^arat 1^^?^^^! '!'Jl ' : d"1A AA
price $29.50 . t ... - ... - /[' lifga«M^B^iBtHB8W iSI fl, ■ \All Illl
$320 p°rifi .^T!'! *?!*.?. !?^i?i:9S£o Couches and Leather Furniture | Ij/jli q)u\j%\JV
$22.50 soiki ba'k Chiffonier.' swell' front. Ail made In our own factory. CTwT^r^^^^' f n , , ,._
Sale price .:S18.25 h '■<^ T J m?fl -»i.---L^.». — -^s^SfSged/ j , ' Rffa! value $42
$193.00 Bird's-eye Maple Bed and Dress- $75.00 -Turkish Rocker, oak frame. fimSSaSXR _>^J f
er. Sal.- price S129.75 red morocco leather. Sale price.. Ia0$6uHh8 • IP
$80.50 Bird's-eye MapleBed ancTDresser. ; ..'.'..■..;.......:....:..■.. $52^0 UWflBBBB& I I ,
Sale price t .357.00 $20.00 Sleepy Hollow Rocker, golden I MWaSWSBi " V,-] f », m J-
$44.00 Bird's-eye Maple Suit. 3' pieces. oak frame. Sale price $13.60 / |l/7m^3aH if' WaffOl
Sale price $29.40 $60.00 Turkish Chair, black leather. | If liwfflFR&M U IVCSidl
J5S.00 Oak Suit, Colonial style. Sale steel frame. Sale price $42.50 / |l IhIW&^S • 1/
price :S49.6O $29.00 Gondola Couch, hair top. Sale I I "ff™ ■■ U n. M(¥ .-
$30.00 Bird's-eye Maple Shaving Stand. price $19.40 UWji^^ -^==r-- -- ,„ II KdDtCS
dainty design. Sale price $22.50 $33.00 Couch, oak frame, claw feet, I |'«%mn- ' jr^>-^ M ~- :: ==SISr?£?=cc£_JiV-.»~_^-J I °
J30.00 Solid Oak Suit, 3 pieces. Sale ' Verona covering. Sale price... Mi J«**^^Hfl']3T~~"""~' 1^ B^™^3^&»22£§i§i5^«llf I
price S19.40 $22.50 \\\\f &M " "UlilU-^a / <? T AA
$1 S. 00 Mahogany Chiffonier, without mir- SIT. 00 Gondola Couch. Sale price... fill] Bft *^7im f % /K 1191
ror. Sale price $10.25 $14.50 / / f I Bif I »llZi#I«lfly
$90.00 Solid Mahogany Chiffonier, high- $21.50 Fine Gondola Couch, solid oak //■ff W\ 111 B <f«V«VV
class Colonial design. S:ile price.. frame. Sale price $16.25 //'.-./ H/I _ _. * , _. . I I f H
$60.00 $65.00 Black Morocco Couch, solid // / »f MlSSIflli UBSK // / 0 Real value 536.50
$80.00 Solid Oak Bedroom Suit, heavy oak frame. Sale price. $42.50 / / ,/ l| ITM«J«JIVM uvjh mi m
rolled foot and head board. Sale $17.75 Rococo Couch. Sale price III MT 1 1 <! *i
price / $56.75 $14.50 lil I) ft* fl fl g\ 111 fl
$65.00 Solid Oak Bedroom Suit, rolled $13.50 Patent Box Couch. Sale price fl I B . III Hi
footboard. Sale price $43.03 $10.25 (9/ . ffj - ylBsV/V 111 U\ T) n l f AC ! nn'c
$90.00 Combination AV'ardrobe and Chif- $1J.5O Velour Couches, oak frame. Hi • I I, I MJ I dllUMvU 3
fonier, 7 feet high: two mirrors, one Sale price $8.90 H/ii RFAL VALUC SI8 00 / r'/ ■>
60x16 inches, one 16x16 inches: oak. $36.00 Morris Chair, leather cover, ;fM •%«:»»- •««-«*- *i«-wv i^ij g . , ,
mahogany or bird's-eye maple.. $70.00 elegant oak frame. Sale price.. JB *^ . f%\\ Blf >vi. iwm uu*
$240.00 Massive Golden Oak Suit. Sale $28.00 Finished in fumed oak and fJ.l w£-*\?J. HlSSlOQ.
price $181.60 $20.50 Oak Library Chair, pantasote . . _.„ __,_ r-^-.,-,, Wtj
$24o!oo Circassian Walnut Suit. Sale covering, polished oak frame. made In our own tactory. gflJ
price $161.00 Sale price $13.60 ' igj — — .
Carpets, Rugs, Linoleum, Matting,
Drapery (Ik Furniture Fabrics, Wall Coverings,
' At» 25c, 35c and 40c on the Dollar.
An opportunity of a lifetime to refurnish homes, apartments, hotels, club houses and theaters at your own price. Decora-
tors, upholsterers and manufacturers should avail themselves of these wonderful bargains — all are marked at prices that will sur-
prise you. This mammoth sale commenced Feb. 1st, and at times it was impossible to wait on the customers. To-morrow extra
salespeople will assist during the rush hours— PATTOSIEN'S WILL POSITIVELY CLOSE BEFORE MAY FIRST.
Beautiful Silk and Satin Damasks, French Verdure Tapestries, Oriental Fabrics of French Make,
French Silk Gobelin Tapestries, English and French Art Tapestries, Rich Figured Silk Velours.
600 vames at 37^c. $i.5o vames at 85c. Surolus Stock Portieres. Lace Curtains and Madras.
50-lnch French Jutes, 50-lnch Tapestry. -&C-inch Fipurert Tapestry. .MMnch Mercerized ■ **"•!""♦* An | mporter . m , urp i u , gtock of PoJnt da
50-lnch Drapery Fabrics. All at your Tapestry, flgure.1 and In solid colors. AH at $12.00 Values at $6.80. Cairo. Irl<h Points. Renaissance. Arabian!*,
choice, a yard, 37>/jC. >"°ur choice, a yard. S*5c. :V. V Mercerixed Portieres, assorted colors and de- Bonne Fcmmes. Madras, etc.. AT EX-
■ z signs— never shown or seen in this country be- ACTLY ONE-HALF PRICE.
$1.60 to $8.50 Value, at 85c, , Sa.00 Values at $1.15. SS!i?~»S $ plIcates - All «t your choice. a:g<» T.ln«. .^^-.^..^...^.gJBjj
mi v T^,««r-t»^ r,«nAh TafTPta exert- 50-lneh Imported Fabrics In beautiful Orl- ' .inMir.in.. .nnni J7.5O values, at. a pair $.1.7.";
r.p-lnch JafTeta^. «« ; ental desiRtis and colorings, also large assort- $10.00 Values at $5^0. J8. 60 value, at. a pair #4.25
lent quality, new Fre^nch designs and col- ment of makeg ftnd 8tylM of 8 Drap ery Vltr^.x PorMeres. very beautiful effects. jio.CO values at. a pair #5.OO
orlngs. AH at jour cnoice. a >arq. o.>c. anJ Funliture A1 , at your choice, a yard, suitable for dining-rooms, library or reception yis.CO values at, a pair #7.50
— #1.15. . halls. No duplicates. All at your choice, a $20.00 values at. a pair # 1O.OO *
54X0 to 57.50 Values at $3.25. ; pair. *5.3O. Remnants. SaiTlDiCS EtC
jglff-a ~z isl^sSgr ■aggSgasB*- l aa3afe i a»
1^ 71 ¥ ffiT fal f* (T% CORNER SIXTEENTH AND
3 /A £ 1 %*$ i IlZ/ I W W %Jm MISSION STREETS,
EVERT FURNACE
IN FULL BLAST
Bessemer Pig Iron Company
Closes Big Contract With
United States Steel Trust
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 27. — The
United States Steel Corporation to-day
closed a contract with the Bessemer
Pigiron Company for 130,000 tons of
pigirdn at $13 at the valley furnaces.
Directly and indirectly this' will em
ploy 3000 men. It will require all -the
combined output of all the furnaces in
the -Mahoning and Shenango valleys,
some of which have been idle for six
months. The price at which the pig
iron was sold is an advance of about
60 cents per. ton over the price pre
vailing in January.
Every blast furnace owned by the
United States Steel Corporation in the
Central West is now in full operation
and the material contracted for to-day
is in addition to its own output. The
feeling among steel men in this city to
day was distinctly optimistic, express
ing'the opinion that the period of de
pression experienced in some quarters
during the past several (months has
run its course and that prospects for a
season of renewed prosperity in the
iron trade are exceedingly good. The
starting up of the Mahoning and Shen
ango .Valley furnaces^ will stimulate
the demand . for coke, it is said, and
the sincle order civen by the -United
States Steel Corporation to-day will re
quire at least 130,000 tons of coke and
from 65,000 to 75,000 tons of lime
stone. The contract just closed will
result in taking the Bessemer output
out of the open market for some time
to come.
McCrea to Succeed Hawlcy.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27. — Com
mander Henry McCrea, detail officer
in the bureau of navigation, has been
relieved at his own request and will
go to the fifth lighthouse district as
the successor of Commander John M.
Hawley, now .inspector of that dis
trict.
Accused Contradicts Witnesses.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 27. — The
taking, of evidence in the Cunningham
case was concluded to-day.. The de
fendant was on the stand all the
morning under cross-examination. He
contradicted every particle of testi
mony given by Vezie and Flory. When
he was excused the defense referred
back to portions of Vezle's deposition
and the prosecution recalled one wit
ness in rebuttal. Arguments will be
gin Monday.
Karls Is Convicted of Manslaughter.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 27. — The Jury in
the case of Alexander N. Karls,
charged with the murder of Andrew
P. Peterson at his home below Arling
ton on the night of December 29, 1903,
came into court at 3 o'clock this morn
ing and. re turned, a verdict of "man.
slaughter." The Jury was out ten
hours and until the last ballot stood
ten for murder in the first degree and
two for manslaughter. Karls at
tempted to steal Peterson's horse and
buggy. Peterson returned unexpect
edly, catching him in the act. . and
JCaxls hralnad him With U lXOa. >**.
3334
AI>VgBTTBTrMTrWTa. ' ' '
Skin-Tortured Babies
tK^^^^^M Mothfirs
\ \_ j&§lL£0fs§E$Si iiiviiiui v
in Warm Baths with
CUTICURA SOAP and gentle anointings
with CUTICURA, purest of emollients and
greatest of 5kin cures, followed in severe
cases by mild dosesof CUTICURA RESOL-
VENT PILLS. This is the purest, sweetest,
most speedy, permanent, and economical
treatment for torturing, disfiguring, itch-
ing, burning, bleeding, scaly, crusted, and
pimply skin and scalp humours, rashes,
irritations, and chaf ings, with loss of hair,
of infants and children, yet compounded.
Millions of Mothers Use Cuticura Soap
Assisted by Cuticcri. Oiktmest, the great skin cure, for preserving, puri-
fying, and be&utifying the skin of infants and children, for rashes, itching?,
&nd chafings, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff*, and the
etopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough,
and sore hands, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
Millions of Womed use Cuticcra. Soap In the form of baths for annoying
irritations, inflammations, 'and excoriations, for too free or offensive per-
spiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and for many
sanative, antiseptic purposes, which readily suggest themselves to women,
especially mothers. Ccticuka. Soap combines in One Soap at Oxz Peice,
the best Ekin eoap and the best toilet and baby soap in the world.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour,
* • </ __ — Conslfrtins of Ccticch* Soxr. to cleanse the »kln of crnstt and
■ lllDff*! R B*CI scales, and coftcn the thickened rntirle; CUTIfiCBA OINTMENT, to
«U»lvulil instanUr allav Hc.hinir, inflammation, and irrtutlon, and sootho
and heal; &nd Ccticura Resoltext Pilm, to cool and c!eanso
Tho Set the blood. A Single Set is often sufflcJcnt to enrethe roost tor-
tnrtDtr.dlsflfortDgr.and humiliating ekin. Fcalp. nn-1 blood humoaro,
xr'xh loss of hair, *rben all el»e fails. Sold throughout the world. > ustralian Depot: R.
Towxi 4 Co., Sydney. British Depot: 27-28, CharterHouse Sq., London. French Depot:
i Rue de la Paix, TariB. Pottes Dbug amj Ciiem. Corf., Sole Props., Boston.
CrncTSA Re*oi.tzxt Fills (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless, odourless, econom-
ical substitute for the celebrated liquid Ccticcba Resolvent, as well as for all other
telood purifiers and humour cures. Each pill is eqniralent .to one tcasoooaf ul of liquid
&E80LTE3T. Put ud in screw-cap pocket vials, containing: 60 doses.
Invitation to San Francisco.
An official Invitation has been ex
tended the county of San Francisco
to make a special exhibit at the Lewis
and Clark Centennial Exposition to be
held in Portland in 1905. It 'is the
purpose of the exposition to encour
age comprehensive exhibits by coun-
< ___ ''■■'''■'- 1 :'*■ A'DVEETISEMENTi.
The Choicest Spring and Summer Novelties ! I
for women and children are here in a greater variety of materials and designs than will be 1
found elsewhere. Not ordinary styles, but the very choicest creations direct from Europe and I
Eastern fashion centers. The Magnin styles possess unmatcnable individuality and the prices I
are no higher than you would pay for ordinary garments elsewhere. \
t—'* mLJ m *— ■ V Ml I %jf 8 \Jr l\ II I (1 Iml I I Pi
One of the newest effects for summer weai KNICKERBOCKER SUITS
is the Imported black taffeta silk waist; effect- i»niW»LnuwwiLI» OVIIO
ively tucked and tailor-stitched* mr* —« - • ■ ■
fancy stocks with white embroid- \S Sfl , BOYS* or GIRLS* RUSSIAN SMOCK SUITS.
ery; turn-over collar; sizes 34 to 38 M* k/ »*J V front and back box-plaited; effectively trimmed
M with stitched bands: in a variety of solid
n _..„_. _ .„ color, and checked gingham and linen batiste.
j» WAISTS or silk crepe de chine; tucked yoke; Remarkably good value.
blue, white and black. An excep- lin fjfj 3 yari H** J 7««« iSl«& D 7 year* J> J .JVf
IJ tional value for this week H»V«W . . ~ w
•. I BOYS* SUITS, with full bloomer trousers.
r Handsome waists of butcher linen; entire made of tan batiste:, trimmed with white
• Ij front exquisitely hand-embroidered in various braid: embroidered design in front; sizes 2 to \ M
I! designs; yoke tucked: fancy hemstitched stock; 6 - years. A very'stylish and ser- «r» ) S
I I back and sleeves tucked; sizes 34 to tt* r* r> r\ viceable suit, Our leader at n I / i B
*■' I 44 r A vcry d « 8lrable waist, worth JSjOU •••••. ****•■ |
BOYS' RUSSIAN BLOUSE SUITS, with 1
« i bloomer trousers: made of white jralatea; large i
l| '>'**'''•«** :»»^ sailor collar; embroidered design on c* *% *%& m
15 shield; sizes 4 to 6 years. A popular J|A /S . I
I LADIES' POINT VENICE .mtror ,„„»«—. ..-feco ■
j STOCK COLLARS CHILDREN'S DRESSES I
i __., , . • The newest arrivals ernbrace a complete line 1
• Ii white, eeni and cream; your choice #%n of Russian. Corsican. Eton and Regulation I
[2 of 20 of the latest 1904 designs— regu- ZjC styles; made of white pique and Irish gauze i
D lar 50c and .5c values; special fc*k/v linen. Models not seen elsewhere.- |
] Our new Spring and jf /fS C\ jfl f -^ . Exclusive Pacl flc I
• I Summer Catalogue ¥£/ /iv-- **,+>• Is»% J&Z\*n~ Coast agents for the I
will contain the latest \S<A&fL€ZAJ^/jv/Z//\(-S{/y "Arnold* Knit Goods I
!] styles for women and /^JiiiEm^^^ alld Gertrude Outfits. 9
-•■ children. It will be Illustrated Catalogue I
.1 Ecntfree. 3/6 '322 Al4toK£7 <5T free. I
ties, boards of trade and other com
mercial bodies. All collective exhibits
made by counties and trade organiza
tions will be permitted to participate
in the general competition.
WASHINGTON, Feb. '2~. — Representative
Van Duun of. Nevada to-day Introduced a btll
fcr the free and unlimited coinage of silver.
THE SAN FRANCISgQv.gAL^.SJJNPAY, FEBRUARY 2S. 190i.
RAILROAD
EMPLOYES
QUIT WORK
Mechanics of the Southern
Pacific Company Decide
Upon Eadical 'Measures to
Enforce Their Demands
CULMINATION OF
OLD CONTROVERSY
Five Hundred Boiler-Makers
Are Out and Machinists,
Firemen and Other Work
men May Soon Join Them
The boilermakers on the entire Pa
cific sv6tem of the Southern Pacific
Company went on strike yesterday aft
ernoon as a result of the long-standing
controversy regarding general advance
in rates all alons the line. Just what
will be the extent of the strike, its du
ration or resultant effects is at present
problematical. Interested parties on
both sides speak very guardedly, but
if the rumors afloat have foundation
in fact the service of the company will
unquestionably be seriously crippled
should the strike last long.
According to the statements of the
railroad officials 500 men quite work at
3:30 yesterday afternoon. This on the
surface looks like a mere bagatelle, but
it mav reach much deeper. The men
are well organized and the employes
will undoubtedly follow the example
set by the leaders. So far as the boiler
makers in this city are concerned it
will have very little effect as the. local
repair shops do not employ many men.
MACHINISTS 3IAY GO OUT.
Associated with the boilermakers are
the ma,chjrilsts, firemen, oilers, wipers
and kindred branches of railwav em-
ployes. In the event of a bitter* con
troversy it is but natural .that these
will fall in -line- and, join -the, boiler
makers in a sympathetic strike. A ru
mor was current around this city, last
night to the effect that the machinists
have taken .action and will refuse to
return to their posts of duty. until the
trouble with the ■ boilermakers is ad
justed.
Shortly after 3 o'clock vesterday. aft
ernoon H. .-. J, Small, general superin
tendent of 1 motor power, and mainte :
nance of way 'of the company, received
telegraphic, advices from'- the division
superintendentsiand master mechanics
along the railroad system "telling him
for the first "time of , the ; move, of .the
men. In ! discussing the situation Mr,
small said- •• : - ; : .:.•"■ • • v; ; . '.v^ 1
"The trouble fiaV "been . brewing for:
some time. The Southern Pacific Com
pany has been, paying. v ithe highest
wages of i any ; raUr6£il *Tri: the"TJnited-
States except the Santa Fe road, which
is paying the' same wages as. our, com.-,
pany on its". '. wester^ vVrancheS: ;.■!«'
Tucson our boilermaktJrs fare: receiving
40 cents an hour, in. Los ".Angeles ,39.
cents and in Oakland. Sacramento and
San Francisco 36% cents.
REFUSE A COMPROMISE.
"We proposed a compromise by of
fering the men at these different points
on the road an advance of 1 cent an
hour, but they then demanded a further
increase and the matter was under ad
visement when I was informed of the
strike this afternoon. It is expected
that the balance of the boilermakers
employed by the company will go out
Monday."
The effect of the strike will be felt
mainly at Sacramento, where the com
pany has engaged in its shops 3000
men, representing scores of trades.
., / ■" r. ., •' -y i:x- -; - ADVEBTISEMENTS. ..__..
/^f^i \ls\ President of
is retirFng
#T FROM BUSINESS
IraraSll* j^^" i And every shoe, in our immense stock
must be closed out.
1MH BUSINESS IS BOOMING
V-Jgtsi S^^wi But there is a reason for it. The
Igmpma^^j^ wonderful shoe bargains we are giv-
rawli^^lsil! ng wou^ rnake business boom any-
otI where any time.
Thousands of people came through
\0araKsIa the rain to buy these $3.50 shoes for
• $2.50, and yet we have thousands left
for those who come this week.
THIS WEEK WE WILL CLOSE OUT
700 pairs Men's -genuine* .patent We are closing out about 800 pairs
Colt Lace Shoes, latest styles, t ■ o f Laird, Schober& Co.'s ladies'
A I ?tzes. 54 T 5 h O is ah wei 5 «~ on. «W sho " « *-™ to « a ™ *
* xJ>U.UU pair.
1200 pairs Men's, box calf and 1800 pairs Johnston & Murphy's
ViC L kid rl aCe> , ShO > C^ S - ty r Sh t tOe '' fine $6.00 and $7.00 shoes.-the
good solid soles. Regular $3.00 ' , 1 . ,, • n
shoes. All sizes. This CO f\f\ v very, latest ..styles, . all sizes, all
week wi'dths.at f4'.5O ; a nd JP3.OO.
It would take too much space to quote prices, but they are* about
one-half what you would pay elsewhere, FOR THE GOODS MUST
BE SOLD. .
SHORT LINES on the bargain counters at 50c, 75c and $1.00.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES. • j
N(MAN BROS!
PHELAIM BUILDIIMC 8I2 - 8I4MARKBTSTREET
rULUHLV-UUiLi/iiiUQ.,, O'FARRBLL STREET
There the boiler department has^ al
ways been, regarded as one of the most
important in the shops. Some. time ago
when the trouble with the Union Pa
cific boilermakers and machinists was
on there was talk of a- sympathetic
strike in Sacramento . and President
Harriman took representatives of the
unions from that city back' with him
to New York in order that ithey might
reach an amicable- settlement.^■■. The
helpers and apprentices were allowed
to remain at- work, but. it,, is., said . that
if a settlement! is not reached by^^Pues
day. peajt'ythey .will be. called s.o-Ut, with
the? regular: journeymen' .workmen.
* TUCSQN^ Xr ii.r Feb.- 2 7,-^rt he : tjbUer
c''th*e!.^jjjithern. Pacific.' fthbps
hereiYeht-oui. on .strike -this afternoon
at iae, 'close 'of the'; day's work, :'de
maftdtngr. 10 percent. " advance. The
pr^sent^payiAis i »^40}V«Serits per..;,hour.
For|jf ■ bo.iler-rriakers are out ; - ,
Kipo'si it ibrr <; SnoplSlJ'
. -Oria of.'oiir $6.00 Trunks .-will f be Just
the'.'th'ing to take witli ; ypu. to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of 'this
Trunk fs $9.50. A., B. Smith Co.. -.132
Ellis st... \ -■."• ' :. ' •/ ;•. ;•: -■.■; •
In the 1>1%qit*c. Court.
F. Drury is seeking a divorce from
A. Drury on the ground of desertion.
He says she left him last February.
They were married in 1896. Desertion
is also the ground in suits filed by
Lena McGovern against Philip F. Me-
Govern and Jennie Johnson against
James P. Johnson, an iron molder.
Mrs. Johnson asks for $40 a month per
manent alimony.
Suits for divorce were also filed yes
terday by Mary Agnes Lunn against
Charles A. Lunn • for neglect, and
George Wood against Belle Wood for
infidelity.
Madam Devas" advice to a gentleman
won him $55 last w«»ek. Office, 139 Post.*
Mrs. Henney Sues for Damages.*
Sarah Henney sued the city yester
day for $3142 damages for the death of
her daughter, Maggie Kyle Henney, the
young girl whose skull was crushed last
October by a telegraph pole as she was
leaning from a car watching an aero
naut, j She charges that the Department
of Electricity was criminally negligent
in placing the pole so close to the car
tracks.' Mrs. Henney's claim. for dam
ages was recently rejected by the
Board of Supervisors.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. &0c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
St. Patrick's Day Banquet.
The Knights of St. Patrick will hold
their twenty-ninth annual banquet on
the evening of March 17 in honor of St.
Patrick's day. Members and guests
will' assemble at 6:30 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oriental Goods f
At Wholesale Prices ;
W> Offer Our Entire Sxtra Plat Col* '
- Itcttoa of
Oriental Rugs!
AND CURTAINS j
At 2? Per Cent
Discount f/Qa re?taar retail prleta. '
[ i We are sole agent* for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
[Chas. M. Plum & Co. |
t Cor. 9th and Market Sts. ,\
'■"' EXPERT OPTICIAN.
: GEORGE MAYERLB S.
German Eye Water
% . Pa:CE fO eentt; by mail 62 etnti
THK CREATE6T EYE REMEDY IN THE
AVOULD; perfectly harmless; for Infants or
adults. Makes AVKAK EYES STRONG. SOKE
EYES WEL.L.J Highly recommended for weak
eyes, poor sight, headache, dizziness, cloudi-
ness of vision, floating spots, pain about the
eyes, behind the head or in temples: nervous-
nes*. core eyes, watery or discharging eyes,
feeling llk*» sand In the eyes, buniinK. smart-
ing. Itching, scratching, tvrltchlng. gluey eyes,
heavy eyelids and other eye troubles.
BEWARE OF INJURIOUS IMITA-
TIONS. Inslat on arettinsr the srenulae.
bearlnar sismature of Georsr* Mayerlc.
RBCEN f LETTERS:
SISTER MARY BAPTIST. Sister of Mercy.
Grass Valley, writes: My eyes have much
Improved by the use of George Mayerle's Ger-
man Eyewater, and I heartily indorse it.
I have used a bottle of George" Mayerle's
German Eyewater and It has helped me won-
derfully. — Charles Morgan, Rccklin, Cat.
Cured Her Eye* After Suffering: for Tears
Mr. Georsfc Mayerle— Dear Sir: Your Eye-
water has entirely cured my eyes after years
of suffering. Yours respectfully,
x MRS. IDA LABAXERL,,
Paradise Valley, Humboldt Co., Nevada.
SOMETHING EW
George Mayerle's Eyeglas.s Wipers do not
scratch (he lenw; fflvea bright and clear
vision. Price, 15 cents; two for 25 cents.
GEORGE MAYERLE
German Expert Optician, Opposite Hiber-
nia Bank.
1071 MABKET ST.
Eves Examined Free.
Open Eventnars Until 9. Cut This Out.
George Mayerle's reading, working ami dis-
tance glasses rest and strengthen the eyes, re-
lieve the strain and preserve the sight. In-
variably reccm mended by every wearer.
WILL CELKBRATE BIUTII
OF IRELAND'S MARTYR
Knights of the Red Branch to Honor
the Natal Day of Robert
Emmet.
The Knights of the Red Branch of
this city are making active prepara
tions for their annual celebration in
honor of the one hundred and twenty
sixth anniversary of the birth of Ire
land's young martyr, Robert Emmet.
The celebration takes place on next
Friday evening, March 4, in Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street.
The principal feature of the even
ing will be the oration which is to be
delivered by Frank J. Sullivan,
well-known orator, and promises to be
a very interesting one. There will
aj*w» be stbreopticon views of historical
places in Ireland and the principal
men noted for their patriotism to the
Irish cause.
During the evening's celebration
Irish ballads will be rendered by Pro
fessor Kern of Oakland and Professor
Lierian of St. Ignatius* choir, San
Francisco. ' Miss Loretta Ban* of the
Gaelic Choral Society rtJHl be heard in
some old Gaelic melodies and Miss
Annie Rooney will render some of
Moore's melodies written on Robert
Emmet. American songs will be ren
dered by. Miss Louisa Ganey. Alto
gether this year's anniversary prom
ises to be the most entertaining ever
given by this well-known Irish na
tional society.
v General admission will be 50 cents,
with no reserved seats.
Reduced rates on household coods to & from
the Ek»t 4- South Bekin's. U Montgomery at. •
Socks Damages for Injuries.
The Sharon Estate Company, which
owns the Palace Hotel, is the defendant
in a suit for $7500 damages brought by
F. O. Ruhleman, who, claims that be
cause of the negligence of the company
in leaving open an elevator shaft in the
hostelry he fell and suffered great In
juries. The plaintiff was employed at
the Palace.. . -
B.F.fitoll, dentist; Hal^ht & Masonic &v.*
Bannockburn Tweeds, Fancy
Cheviots,Tailor Suitings, Novel=
ty Tweeds and Scotch Heather
Siritifipc
54-lnch imported Scotch NOVELTY TWEEDS, <£§.75
mlxel color errects, In a veru larae varlet j. V* ud.
54-lnch TAILOR SUITINGS, In small invisible fl.50
• checks and plaid errects V ■ ui»
£4-Inch BANNOCKBURN TWEEDS, in light, Sjjg.00
medium and dark colored mlxel errects.... v 8^ 1
47-inch NOVELTY MIXED TWEEDS, In a QOOi <t^|.00
yarletu or colorings, all pura wool i — ip ■ u-i.
45-lnch all woolmixedCHEVIOTSani TWEEDS
in medium light ani dark color errects.... / *Jud
Wb have also opened up our new Spring Importa-
tion or FRENCH VOILES, ETAMINES, SAMITES, ALBA-
TROS, FANCY TWINES ani Novelty Dress Patterns.
Extra Special.
One case new FRENCH CHIFFON CREPE, 48 inches wide,
in all the latest shades Tor 19:4. This is a djl.25
beautiful soft wool fabric and will D2 sold at *P I ud.
Regular Yalue $2.00.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
•m. 113; 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
COMPARES REGISTRATION*
BY ASSEMBLY 'DISTRICTS
Itcjristrar Issues Statement Showing
Big: Increase for Two Months in
1904 Over 1902.
Registrar Adams yesterday issued
the following statement comparing
the registrations of 1902 and 1904 bjr
Assembly Districts from January 2 to
February 26:
District. lWi-J. 19<H.
Twenty-eighth 05 413
Twenty-ninth *. 35 40!»
Thirtieth $8 3«T
Thirty-flrnt W« ."Ml
Thirty-secor.d O(> "7S
Thlrty-thlri «>«• S-TD
Thirty-fourth 9* ."27
ThlrtyrRfth ; 8!> ::.11
Thirty-sixth JW 2?>S
Thirty-Seventh 13<1 :{.*.<»
Thirty-eljrhth 142 SS6
Thirty-ninth 77 HOI
Fortieth 132 1T77
Forty-flrst lo:: ::2»
Forty-neocnii 1TJ 312
Forty-third 114 .115
Koity-fcurth lis 2h:s
Forty-nfth 82 2ST.
Total IS14 61U7
Advertising mailinK cards printed by Edw.
S. Knowlet. 21 Secoivl street. •
Lumbermen Are Incorporatorji.
Amended articles of incorporation of
the California Pine Box and Lumber
Company were filed yesterday. The
company has. a capital stock of 53,000,
000, of which S3000 is' subscribed, the
subesribers being thirty men prominent
in the lumber business. They are A. J.
Hechtman, C. E. Horton, J. F. Condon,
A. Davies. O. C. Haslett. H. W. Swift.
Clifford Coggins, W. du B. Brookings.
C. T. Bliss, G. H. Collins,- A. C. Brutins,
L. Y. Coggins, G. A. Pratt, H. P. Mar
tin, W. W. Van Arsdale, J. E. Terry, Z.
S. Cather, C. E. Tinkham, G. X. \Vend
ling, \V. E. Marsh, F. W. Sisson'.J. R.
Prince, W. F.Tbermont. C. E. Read, F.
A. Boole, E. J. Hummel, I. M. Behlow,
. ISMAB.
"^REAQ]E\nE^
Crowds Daily Consult Ismar the Gypsy, Rel-
ative to the Future, or to the
Unraveling of Mysteries.
Ismar's fame as a clairvoyant and suit her regularly for advice concerning
mystic- extends all over the ■ world. A their future actions. Slany brilliant sue-
single issue of this paper could not con- cesses have resulted, not only here but
tain all the wonderful incidents that at- elsewhere, because her counsel was
sought and her advice followed.
/ y£^raJ^\ In the location of physical ailments
f y*I+ '■Ul. "^IL nnd the healing of diseases, she has no
A\ A /%HbjiiKi^i \ • <?* equal anywhere. Many of the cases
/ /tf\/ W^f /•tt^J^&V6BO4\ "' T "l cured by her were previously pronounced
/ l^-Mj-Jhff .-£yrr^ V^ j ■' f incurable or permanently chronic.
■'^■rxZS&ZU / 'jef'£Sfe *S^Qn\ ' lt y° u are sick or ailin S- don't despair.
. • jpBscfri bwk-Z^' '^*l£rA Consult Ismar. She can heal you as she
" Zfr'^-.'ji \ tS^SO S3S?f» ;i> llas healed others.
' T >-iiv//«L < l*l5^^*? 'JFf "0/A ' If y°u arc puzzled by any mystery; if
"""*" . ; /lMQy&£ifS£ 4 -3ff &A you are in trouble and wuuld know
' •'■"' - 'i£$/-%W§^l£&/ £"'''\\ • the ri) ? nt wuy tl) qot out: lf you deslrt "
■ '^fl^^f'aJS^^&f r Hs\ to recover something you have lost, or to
y^^^rat» e *^SS.'/ / J "A discover the whereabouts of an absent
/j%&lP?'>&' -^%u fr ? i •■■"^v loved one or friend, consult Ismar. Every
■'■ *j*J <i\\ word she tells you will come true.
t-ifJ<it^f J 1 'X-IMSLM/^^r . / / vj Every day new evidences of her great
# * *cftfit VJ . r 'Jrv/f^i.,^J_£/&'- ' " : -"- : .,"'( V pov.era of second sight are made manl-
-^i^^^'i'^^^^^l- ' f *'A ' Her readings by mail are as successful
% fpSiaKWi' 1 - yX^oS^^^iv**-''*^^ / as her readings in person. Write her,
WW$?& ■'tArT^^'-^- *?* therefore, if you can't call. Three ques-
«. s; • tlons answered for $1. Full life reading
test the marvelous psychic and prophetic for $3. Send money by Wells-Fargo or
powers she possesses. Notwithstanding postoflice money order or by registered
that her fame is so world-wide, she has letter. Office. 1104 Market street. San
resided. in San Francisco for manjCyears. Francisco. Cal. Phone South 1141. Hours.
Many of San Francisco's most . prosper- 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. ak to
ous and successful men and women con- 12 b. *
I Dollar I
I Premium /. S § coffees (j
I Free " Spices |
nil tV _ 5,
I wlthEach worth powder I
I gk^They are Beauties » B
| £tk\ A thousand kinds J& 0
t la to SeIect irom - I
I Great American Importing Tea Go's ij
I Stores . Sj
3 861 Market 210 Grant ar. 1419 PoQc j
1 143 Sixth 1819 Dovindere 705 Larldn M
W475HaUht 8006 Sixteenth 3^> Hayes N
{332S5 Mission 621 MorCx'y ave. E2 Market m
JS2003 Filimore 2516 Mission 146 Ninth tj
H 36C Third 2732 zith 433 Fourth ffi
L. £. Hart. E. T. Brophy and F. D.
Madison. The subscribers are also di
rectors or trustees, elected to serve as
such for one year.
Inspection of Troops.
The regular monthly muster of
troops at the Presidio will take place
to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock.
There will be the full regulation in
spection and if the Weather is clear it
will be a fine spectacle. The Tenth
and Twenty-eighth infantries, the
Third Squadron. Ninth Cavalry, and
the light artillery stationed at the pest
will be inspected.Pages 35 to 48
PAUL COWLES
WILL CONTROL
TOKIO BUREAU
JOURNALIST WHO WILL,
HANDLE NEWS FOR ASSO
CIATED PRESS AT TOKIO.
Capable Newspaper
• Man Leaves for
y. Seat of War.
. : Paul Cowles, superintendent of the
Western division of the Associated
Prees, who sailed for the Orient on the
China -yesterday as a war correspond
ent, is a newspaper can with a wide
experience.
Cowies is 37 years of age and has
been in the newspaper business all his
life.- He was born in Chicago and
v.k>rked for a time on the Tribune of
ihat city, of which his father was
dramatic critic for a number of years.
When he had reached the age of 21
be came to San Francisco and became
ix reporter on the morning dailies. \
. ' Cowles spent the early part of his
newspaper career in this city, working
at intervals on the dallies and for the
Associated Press. He established a
I>aper in Santa Barbara and ran it
w'Hh success for some time, when he
sold out to get back into city news
paper life.
■ Again entering the service of the
Associated Press, Cowles rose rapidly,
having a keen news discernment, and
occupied the position of night man
ager from 1890 until 1897. when he
was appointed superintendent of the
entire Western division, including
Alaska and the Hawaiian Islands. The
work of supplying the world with the
news of the West was ably handled by
Cowles.
Cowles was sent to Honolulu dur
ing the rebellion against Queen Liliuo
kalani and faithfully and cleverly exe
cuted the duty devolving upon him,
supplying the world with the full de
tails of the trouble there.
At the outbreak of the Russian-Jap
anese war the Associated Press de
cided to enlarge its news system and
establish a bureau in Tokio, Japan.
In looking about for a capable man to
manage the office there Cowles' worth
was recognized and he was tempor
arily taken from his San Francisco of
fice to supervise the gathering and
cabling of war news from the Orient.
CowJes left on the steamer China
yesterday and will remain at the seat
of war as long as the strife lasts. E.
L. Powell, a former San Francisco
newspaper man and Associated Press
representative at Chicago, will fill
Cowles' place while he is in the Orient.
WITNESSES IN" DELAWARE
ACCEPT TERMS OFFERED
District Attorney Advised They Will
Be Here In Time for Trial of
Mrs. BotUIn.
District Attorney Byington received a
dispatch yesterday from Attorney Gen
eral Ward of Delaware that the wit
nesses in the Botkin murder case who
.were holding out for compensation be
sides their traveling expenses had ac
cepted the terms offered by the District
Attorney. Ward also asked for instruc
tions as to when they would be re
quired to leave there so as to be In
readiness for -giving their testimony at
the trial, set for March 10.
As it is expected it will take two or
three days to impanel the Jury, the tak
ing of testimony will not begin till
Monday, March 15. Somt^of the local
witnesses can .be examined first, but
the District Attroney is anxious to
have all the witnesses here before he
puts one on the stand. It is likely that
the Delaware witnesses will arrive here
on Saturday. March 13. Theodore
Kytka. the handwriting expert, is pre
paring an elaborate display of the ex
hibits under his supervision.
Will Give Masque Ball.
The members of the Young Men's
Hebrew Association will celebrate the
Jewish festival Purim by ' giving a
jrrand prize masquerade ball on Tues
day evening. March 1, at their hall, 1870
Page street.
... . - ■ ( «^^^"^P^^ ' ■ *mi±. ■ ' ' ' '
RAWHIDE MINE
STRIKES BACK
Judge Morrow Is Asked to
Enjoin Two of Tuolumne
County's Working Unions
MOB VIOLENCE ALLEGED
Sheriff Sweeney and Justice
of the Peace Opie Are
Charged With Defendants
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
was asked yesterday to interpose the
strong arm of the law in protection of
non-union miners employed or willing
to be employed by the Rawhide Mining
Company, in Tuolumne County. A peti
tion was filed by the law firm of Rior
dan, Lande & McClellan on behalf of
the Rawhide Gold Mining Company, in
corporated In West Virginia, asking
that the officers, members.' agents and
servants of the Jamestown Miners' Un
ion No. 185, Western Federation of
Miners, and the Tuolumne Union No.
73, Western Federation of Miners; Jus
tice of the Peace James Opie and Wil
liam Sweeney, Sheriff of Tuolumne
County, be forever enjoined from acts
of riot, lawlessness and anarchy, al
leged to have been perpetrated against
the property of the company and its
employes.
It is alleged that the complainant is
the owner of the Rawhide, App, Hitch
cock and Heslop mining claims, in
Tuolumne County, near Jamestown,
and that those properties are of the
combined value of $2,000,000. Among the
defendants against whom the injunc
tion is asked to issue are Charles Slo
niker. Mike Budinich, Nick Ski, Voli
Stincovich, Milan Angelich, John Jovi
covlch, C. Antonovich, Mike Bulich,
George Cattich, Theodore Stirpsvich,
Nick Mlliovich, Domingo Guttevura,
Milan Vuckovitch, D. Vuckovitch, A.
Katzun and Manuel Silva of the Tuol
umne union, and C. Treilub, Daniel
O'Toole, A. Ruflhi, H. Shoveline, L. M.
Ludovich, George Mitchovich, Anton
Charini, C. Perovich, N. Slyvocich,
Tony Kesich, Narcus Honey and Andy
Woodcock of the Jamestown Miners'
Union.
STRIKE FOR WAGES.
The complaint recites that on July
3, 1903, a scale of wages higher than
that prevailing in the mines was de
manded, and a strike was thereupon
organized against the App mine. It. is
alleged further that these unions or
ganized themselves into an unlawful
conspiracy for "the purpose of enforcing
the strike and of compelling 'the com
plainant to accept the said scale, and to
use an organized effort to " injure the
.mining business and destroy its mines
and other properties. It is averred that
by reason of such unlawful acts the
App mine has been injured already to
an extent exceeding $100,000; that the
defendants have prevented the develop
.ment and operation of the i mines by
making use of threats, intimidation,
violence and assaults, thereby causing
the employes of the company to fear
bodily injury.
The further grave averments are
made that the Tuolumne Miners' Un
ion has threatened to blow up the pipe
line which runs from a ditch to the
App mine and supplies that mine with
water, without which it cannot be op
erated at all; that both these unions
have organized themselves into large
mobs and by force oif arms have at
tacked and asaulted non-union em
ployes of the complainant and warned
them that if they persisted in the em
ployment of the complainant they
would be killed by the members of the
union. It is charged also that many
of such workmen have been bruised
and wounded by the members of the
last named union, and that such em
ployes are afraid to appear upon the
premises. Other employes are lodged
upon the premises and their meals are
served to them upon the ground by
servants of the company.
ARMED GUARDS HIRED.
It is recited that because of these
lawless acts of violence and intimida
tion the complainant has been obliged
to hire armed guards at great expense
to prevent the strikers from destroying
property and killing their workmen.
Similar allegations are made against
the Jamestown Miners' Union. It is
stated in the complaint that these un
ions and the members thereof are In
solvent and financially irresponsible;
that the complainants are expending
$25,000 per month on the mines, and
that they have been damaged already
to the extent of $500,000 by the James
town Miners' Union. " • ; "" •
The act of the California Legislature,
approved March 30, 1903, entitled "An
act to limit the meaning of the word
conspiracy and also the- use of restrain
ing orders and injunctions" Is attacked
as unconstitutional. It is averred, that
the act deprives the complainant of its
property without due process of law,
and deprives it of the equal protection
of the laws; that it is in contravention
of articles V arid XIV of*the amend
ments to the constitution of the United
States, and is therefore null and void.
The further averment . is made that
the complainant was Invited to enter
the jurisdiction of the State of Califor
nia upon its constitutional guarantee
that it would receive the equal protec
tion of the law and have due process of
law, and in right and 'justice ought to
have and receive the same by. the gen
eral laws of the State.
It is contended that the said act does
not regulate proceedings In equity in
the courts of the United States.
Judge Morrow issued a temporary
restraining order.
Log Cabin! "The bread with a flavor." Ask
jour dealer — wholesale— 000 Doloren et • .
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY.- .FEBRUARY 28, 1904.
MASK AND DAGGER SQCIETY PRESENTS
OLD COMEDY AT MACDONOUGH THEATER
Woman Students of the University :of California Wind Up 1 heir
Annual Celebration With an Intelligent Interpretation of
"The Jealous Wife," ' an ...Eighteenth Century Product
CAUSES ARREST
OF LOCAL AGENT
French Wine Company Says
Joseph Campbell Has 'Not
"Accounted for His Sales
Joseph Campbell Jr., local agent for
a French champagne company, was
arrested- yesterday -on a warrant issued
at the* instigation of Thomas Dentze of
Thompson & Dentze, New York repre
sentatives of the same concern, charg
ing h>m. with felony embezzlement.
The charge grows out of Campbell's
experiences on this coast in booming a
comparatively new wine in a field long
monopolized by the wines of rival
cornpanies. Campbell came here
about eighteen months ago. He soon
realized • that he had a difficult busi
ness undertaking before him and be
gan spending money with a rather lav
ish hand in order to force his wine on
the local market and' succeeded r to
some extent in accomplishing his ob
ject. Three days ago, however,
Dentze arrived here from New York
and yesterday caused Campbell's ar
rest, alleging that the local agent had
appropriated certain proceeds derived
from the sale of the . wine, which
should have been forwarded to the
main agency in New York.
Dentze, for a basis of his complaint,
cites one instance where, he claims
Campbell sold to the firm of Rathjen
& Co. $750 worth of wine, for which
he made no accounting: to the Eastern'
agents, and it is further alleged by
Dentze that Campbell is guilty of
other cases of a similar .character. In
fact he declares that nearly $9000 has
not been accounted for by the com
pany's representative in this city. •
When arrested yesterday Campbell
made a statement to the effect that he
is prepared to account for every bottle
of the company's wine that has passed
through his hands. In pushing the
sale of his wine on the market here
Campbell declares that it was neces
sary to distribute many bottles and
oftentimes cases of the beverage free
to consumers in order to create a pop
ular demand for it, which, he says, will
readily explain away the discrepancy
in the. stock forwarded to him. His
friends went to his rescue last evening
and furnished bonds for his release
from the City Prison..
Would Set Verdict Aside.
Attorney T. S. Mlnot filed notice yes
terday that hejvould on March 4 make
in Judge CooV~ court a motion to set
aside a verdict for $1077 given by a Jury
in that court to Stephen Otis- against
his client, John A. Walls. He claims
Walls was not rJlowed his day in court.
The verdict was the result of a sulc
to recover on a promissory note.
Approves of Free Flower Markets.
The civic department of the Cali
fornia Club has adopted and forward
ed to the Board of Supervisors a reso
lution approving the proposed ordi
nance presented' by the Merchants' As
6001311011 providing for the establish
ment of- free public 'flower markets^
A. J. Rich, William Magee and T. FJ
McDermott have been appointed ap
praisers, of the. estate of Charles Doe.
PRINCIPALS- IX PLAY PRE
. SENTED l BY MASK 'AND
DAGGER SOCIETY. •"
BERKELEY, Feb. '27.— -The second
installmenfof woman's* day; the co
educational institution for the women
of the 'University of California, came
to a -close .to-night 'with .the playing
of "The Jealous' Wife" at the Macdon
ough Theater in Oakland. ' It was pre
sented^under the auspices of. the Asso
ciated Women Students by the Mask
and Dagger- Society. In anticipation
of an, intelligent- interpretation of
George Coleman's eighteenth, century
comedy effort a large crowd filled the
theater and laughed at the antics of
the green-eyed monster.
"The Jealous Wife" was full of the
embitterments and .acrimonies of a
self-deceived, woman. She would in
sist upon a rival and she conjured one'
f rom ,t,he letter^, runaway young lady
wrote to her husband's cousin, who
carried the. husband's identical name.
As the jealous . wife Miss Eduarda
Howard gave a very faithful imitation
of a woma,n "angered ...- and -■ heart
torn from the deceit of .which she be
lieved her husband, poor Mr. Oakley,
only, too guilty. Emil Kruschke,- as
Mr. Oakley, was the picture of a hen
picked husband, shaken and hurt by
hla unreasonable virago of a consort.
THE CHARACTERS.
Augustus C. Keane, ' as the rollick
ing, advice-giving bachelor, Major
Oakley, was fully :In- the spirit of the
difficult part. Miss Tallulah Le Conte,
as Harriet Russet, the mischief-mak
ing runaway of .many, loves and ad
visers, helped .carry, off ■ the honors.
The other parts were taken by John
O'Conneli; as Charles .. Oakley; Mark
Daniels, as Lord. Trinket; Frank Gil
lelen, as Mr. Russet; Howard Merrill,
as Sir Harry -Beagle; Walter- de Leon,
as Captain O'Cutter; Edwin Rust, as
John;. Miss Isabel McReynolds, * as
Lady. Freelove; "Miss Ann. Thacher, as
Toinette, and "Miss Adriane^ Lesser, as
Henriette. . v , • , = v -., S'^:;c
.The play, was produced .'under the
personal. . superyision-^of Milton .-,' H.
Schwartz. Miss Martha Rice, and Miss
Portia' Ackerman composed the com
mittee of arrangements. - Music was
provided by the university orchestra,
directed, by Harding M. Kennedy..
The Association . of Collegiate
Alumnae, the California branch. of the
national organization of college grad
uate women,' met. in annual session to
day, at the.'universlty. ylt was a most
representative gathering, composed as
it ; was of 'the '. alumnae of fourteen of
the . leading colleges . of • the United
States, among them Vassar, Wellesley,
RiUcliffe, Bryn Mawr and Chicago.
Naturally the alumnae 1 of Stanford
and California outnumbered the others,
and these combined to make their sis
ters welcome. The senior class women
of California assisted the California
graduates in entertaining and feasting
the visitors, and all went gowned in
the academic mortar-board. . .
EXTKItTAIX VISITORS.
The hosts of the day met their gu§sts
as they came off the trains this morn
ing at " Berkeley station. \They knew
them all by their college colors, which
adorned buttonholes and ' even hats.
The morning hours were spent in view
ing the sights of the campus, the Greek
Theater, the new mining buinling and
the botany building all coming In for
their share of scrutiny.' Luncheon was
served at 1 o'clock in Hearst Hall, the
guests sitting at two long tables on the
lower floor. There were 105 guests.
After the luncheon a meeting was
held in the upper hall, Miss Katherine
Chandler, president of the society, pre
siding. The address of welcome was de-
livered by* Professor Alexis Lange of
the English department of the Univer
sity ,of California. Professor Lange
spoke of tho influence of the college
bred woman upon the educating work
of ' the . university. Through her and
such organizations as the Alumnae As
sociation the; work goes»oh and on. She
co-operates to keep the university mov
ing forward, keeps its children from
drifting out of touch with their alma
mater. He congratulated the associa
tion upon the selection of one of its
members to a place as instructor in the
University of -California— Miss J>#siea
Peixotto.
The address of Miss Chandler was
statistical, dealing as it did .with .the
present • condition of the association.
There are now 176 graduate women of
the University of California In the as
sociation and 101 from. Stanford. -/
Miss Pelxott.9 followed- with; an ad
dress on ."The Work of the Association
of Collegiate Alumnae." She confessed
herself.' not altogether familiar with
the work of the past, and so dealt brief
ly with the duties of the various sub
committees of the association. These
she said. Indicated the. noble purposes
of the association, vwhich had set out
to carry on a noble work.
The reception committee "of the asso
ciation that directed the entertainment
of to-day consisted of Mrs. Bernard
Moses, Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
Mrs. Frederick Slate. Mrs. j John G.
Howard, Mrs. Charles Slack 'and Mrs.
Dr. Robinson. They \ were assisted by
the Misses Grace Foulds, Edith Evans,
Gertrude Davidson, Jessie Parke. Ma
due Shaeffer, Alice" Graham, Isa. Hen
derson, Georgia Sadie Sturte
vant, Louise Bauer, Mabel Schofleld,
Jean McKay. Ruby Carver, Ida Nam
rer. Dahlia Spencer and ' Margaret Mc-
Geany.
Japanese. an:l Russian War.
Dr. M. C. Harris, for thirty years a
resident of .Japan, will give a lecture,
free to the public, at the Young Men's
Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
streets!" next Tuesday evening on "The
Japanese- and Russian Conflict." The
lecture will be illustrated by several
views from the canvas. . Dr. Harris is
art authority on the/ Eastern question.
Some .vears. ago he .was decorated by
the Emperor, of Japan for his services
to the yourigmeh of the country.
May- Sell Personal Property.
City --Attorney Long advised the
Board of Education yesterday that the
method to.be' pursued in disposing of
personal property of , the department,
whether at private or. public sale, is
entirely discretionary .with .the board
named, there." being no, provision either
In the -general- law or In -the charter
bearing upon the question.
$ lO.bo Fine Bedroom Suit for ' $0.00
This Wee!:.
All this week at; the PATTOSIENJS
the entire"* line of $40.00 Bedroom Sets
will be cloeed'out r for' $6.00 at PATTO
SIEN.COMPANY, corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets. - • .
MAHONY GAINS
FIRST POINT
Judge Cook Sustains the
Demurrer to Indictment
Against Ex-County Clerk
APPEAL WILL BE TAKEN
Court Decides That Pleading
Was Insufficient, as It Did
Not Give the Particulars
The demurrer to the indictment of
the Grand Jury charging Albert' B.
Mahony,' ex-County Clerk, with pre
senting a false and fraudulent claim
for allowance to Auditor Baehr was
sustained by Judge Cook yesterday, but
it was left optional to the District At
torney to take an appeal to the Su
preme Court or to resubmit the case
to the Grand Jury.
When the case was called the Judge
said he thought he had been misin
formed as to a similar case having
been decided in the State of Washing
ten,, but he had seen nothing to alter
the opinion expressed by him last week
that the pleading was insufficient ac
cording to a decision of the United
States Supreme Court in the case of
Hess and in two cases decided by the
Supreme Court of this State in bank.
XO DIKECT ALLEGATION.
1 The indictment merely charged the
defendant with the intent to defraud
the city and county of San Francisco
in that the defendant did present for
allowance to the Auditor a certain false
and fraudulent claim fc-r allowance. It
was merely by implication that thg al
legation was made that the claim was
false. There was no direct allegation
and the indictment Just followed the
exact language of the statute. It is
an elementary principle in law that a
pleading must descend to particulars
and where the presentation of a fraud
ulent claim is charged in an Indict
ment it must stnte wherein the claim
is fraudulent.
District. Attorney Byington said he
had followed the course laid down in
the case of the people against Carolan.
'•That was only a department de
cision." replied the Judge. "In the
two other cases the decisions were in
bank."
CAN RESUBMIT MATTER.
, The Judge said under 1008 of
the Penal Code the District Attorney
had the power to resubmit the matter
to the Grand Jury and secure another
indictment. -■.-■•- . ,
j "If the matter. is resubmitted to the
Grand Jury," said Attorney George D.
Collins" for the defendant; "that would
revoke the District Attorney's right of
appeal. He cannot do both."
The Judge replied tnat he would
make the order allowing the demurrer,
but being of the opinion that the ob
jection under which it was allowed
could be avoided by a new indictment
he would direct that the matter be
resubmitted to the Grand Jury. The
District Attorney could elect what
course to take. The defendant's bail
would remain the same.
District Attorney Byington said later
that he would take an appeal to the
Supreme Court, as he was satisfied the
decision in the case of Carolan was
sound. It was a parallel case, whereas
the "other cases referred to by the
Judge were not. The fraudulent claim
in the Mahony case was for $100 for
one month's salary of A. Davidson,
copyist, and there were no particulars
that could be, explained in the Indict
ment' beyond that simple fact.
REMAINS OF WASIIBURX
CAUSE OP DAMAGE SUIT
His Daughter Sues Her Uncles Be
cause They Will N'ot Allow Her ■
to Cremate Father's Corpse.
A- suit filed yesterday by Jeanie W.
Higgins, daughter of the late A. H.
Washburn, against the Cypress Lawn
Cemetery Association and her father's
brothers, E. P. and J. S. Washburn, re
\eals a strange state of affairs. It
shows that the fair plaintiff desires to
have the remains of her father cre
mated and to place his ashes with those
of his wife in the columbarium at the
Odd . Fellows' Cemetery. Because her
uncles and the Cypress Lawn people
refuse to allow her to do as she re
quests she asks the court to award her
$25,000.
It appears from the complaint that In
October, 1903, his daughter and wife
were, too ill to arrange for the' funeral,
"rtie brothers of the deceased attended
to the matter for them and the remains
were interred in Cypress Lawn, in
which, place a lot w*as purchased out of
the funds of Washburn's estate. Last
month Mrs. Washburn died, requesting
shortly before her death that her re
mains be cremated. She also asked
Mrs. Higgins to, have the remains of
her husband disinterred and. cremated
and the ashes placed In an urn beside
hers in the Odd Fellows* columbarium.
In endeavoring to comply .with the last
wishes of her mother, says Mrs. Hig
gins, she requested permission of the*
Cypress Lawn people to remove her
father's remains. She was told by them,
she says, that her request could not be
granted unless she presented a written
consent from • the brothers of the de
ceased. The consent was refused her,
greatly to her anguish, she says, and
she ask3 the court to compel them to
do as she asks and to award her $23,000
as balm for injured feelings. .
Andrew Mcttry Is Appointed.
Andrew J. Piercy.was yesterday ap
pointed administrator of the estate of
liis mother, the latt Mary-PIercy, by
Judge ;Coffey.* The petition of his
brother, Edward Piercy, that letters of
administration be granted to the Cen
tral Trust Company was denied.
Pages 35 to 48
HIGHLANDER
WILL LECTURE
ON SCOTLAND
EMINENT LECTURER WHO
WILL TELL OF TRAVELS
IN SCOTLAND.
Dr. Ian Grant to Talk
for Benefit of Clan
Fraser.
Dr. Ian Grant, the eminent Scotch
traveler and lecturer, will speak of his
travels through Scotland at Lyric Hall.
121 Eddy street, next Wednesday even-
Ing. The lecture will be given for the
benefit of Clan Fraser No. 78, Order of
Scottish Clans, and a large crowd ia
expected to be in attendance.
Dr. Grant is known the world over
as an eminent speaker and writer. He
has circled the glebe many times and
at present is engaged in writing a book
of his experiences. He Js the posses
sor of one of the most valuable col
lections of scenic photographs in the
world and hi3 cc-ming lecture will be
illustrated with many of these.
Dr. Grant is a typical Highlander
tall, broad shouldered and of command
ing appearance. He takes a special
delight in speaking of his native land
and all those who enjoy hearing de
scriptions of picturesque Scotland have
a treat within reach. Tickets for the
lecture can be secured from any mem
bers of the clan. The price of admis
sion will be 50 cents for adults and 25
cents for children under 12 years.
PAVILION* ARRANGED FOR
THE KNIGHTS' CONCLAVE
Commnnderles of the State Will Ex
hibit Many Produts of the
Golden State.
For the coming Knight Templar
conclave In this city next September
California Commander)', the pioneer
of this State, is making elaborate
preparations. The commandery has
leased the entire Mechanics' Pavilion
for the conclave and has made ar
rangements with most of the com
manderies from the interior of the
State to maintain headauarters in the
pavilion. These interior commander
ies will make displays of the resources
of their counties and the Eastern vis
itors to this city will be enabled to
form an idea of the varied products
of the Golden State.
The pavilion "will be under the su
pervision of Robert W. Neal. chair
man of the headauarters committee of
California Commandery. Mr. Neal
has laid out the plan for the pavilion,
so that full opportunity will be given
the country commanderies to make
their displays and at the same
time reserving enough space for the
drills and other entertainments in the
main portion of the pavilion.
For its own headquarters California
Commandery will use the entire pa
vilion art gallery, 50 by 325 feet. This
will be used by the commandery for
a banquet hall.
The plan as drawn up gives space
to the commanderies of Fresno, Red
Bluff. Santa Ana, Watsonville. Visalia.
San Diego, El Dorado and Nevada
City on the south side of the pavilion
under the gallery. Those of Eifreka.
Woodland. Coluaa. Stockton, Chico
and San Luis Obispo on the northern
side on the ground floor. Sacramento
will occupy the eastern gallery space.
San Jose and Oakland will be located
in the northern gallery. Uklah. Xapa.
.VncavilJe, Santa Rosa. Petaluma and
Vallejo the western, and California
No. 1 the entire southern gallery
space.
Lines From the Los Book of the Cal
ifornia Limited.
"One criticism — the salt should be su
perior to all other«walt. as. everything
else Is in your unparalleled service.
Courtesy seems to be the predominant
quality."— Frank W. Titus. 317-8 Pvrott
building. San Francisco •36
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, THE TENNIS COURTS AND THE FIELD
JOE LESSER DOWNS NIGRETTE A HEAD
FOR HANDICAP AT OAKLAND TRACK
Celebrant, Ridden
by Spencer, Is
a Winner.
There wag an excellent attendance
at Oakland track yesterday despite the
threatening aspect of the weather.
The feature event of the card was a
$1000 handicap over one mile and fifty
yards, which was captured by Joe
Lesser, ridden by Bonner and owned
by the colored turfman, H. D. Beams.
The betting favored Kenilworth, the
top weight, though to no striking ex
tent, for the brown horse's price drift
ed back from 6 to 5 to 2 to 1. Lord
Melbourne was about as consistently
backed as any one of the five starters,
but the track was not sticky enough
for Sidney Bender's mudlark. See
went away in the lead with Kenilworth
at the start. Lord Melbourne keeping
up to the far turn and there giving up
second positron to Nigrette, the 92
pounder, with "Big Bill" Knapp in the
saddle; Soon after getting straight
ened away for the stand Nigrette
passed the favorite, and there looked
to be nothing to it but getting in line.
Now while Knapp had been indiscreet
in not saving ground, Bonner, astride
Joe Lesser, rode a very close race, and
coming with a rush at the paddock,
caught Nigrette all in, winning by a
head. The winner was 5 to 1 through
out the betting. Kenilworth finished
third.
The betting ring was crowded and
business was brisk as usual on half
holidays. Muddy tracks are responsi
ble for many hard-luck stories, and of
course a tale of apology goes with
each beaten choice yesterday, of which
there were four.
Narra G, the 7 to 5 favorite for the
first event, a five and a half-furlong
sprint, broke down hopelessly, which
left the race practically a cakewalk
for the second choice, Elliott. .The
winner was formerly owned by TV. B.
Jennings, but broke down about a year
ago and was disposed of at private
kale. Mike Daly now trains the son
of Racine, which was backed from 5
down to 13 to 5. Buxton rode Narra
G and the mare fell back before run
ning a quarter of a mile and was
pulled up. This left ooly Egyptian
Princess to beat, and Elliott, under J.
Daly's careful handling, led the niare
out six lengths at the wire. Clausus,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;
I IP i^ "^ A TT \
J While I tcig*t with equal «ucces« 1 •
j turn mv attention- to the cure of all I
• bodily ailment*. I feel safer in con- 1
I f.ning my practice to the dleeases I
5 that have claimed my» entire time and I
1 1 energy In master! tir for the past 17 tj
j( year*. My m* hods , of treating men t
| >| are & result of my own study and ex- II
1 1 pertenec. They are the methods that f
I , have made me a. successful specialist, j
I ) and are praetlcrd by no physician other c
B than myself. Failure by them Is an tt
j | impossibility. rj
jj Weakness |
I A question of restoring the prostate H
I j *lanfl to Its normal etate. and this I II
It apeomp'.leh nromptlr and completely. H
|| Vr treatment \m & local one entirely. I
j i It is original and scientific, and has H
I i been proven absolutely effective by [j
j ' thousand* of testa. I am convinced f
j j that by r.o other methods can full and |i
j* complete restoration of strength and f.
!] vlccr be accompllGhed. u
I p « I
| os. o. o. josles
I 1 I The Leading Specialist.
»| O O
l> | aiy l»e« are fair; my cure* i
pi I are permanent; yon can pay I
■| I whea cured. 1
fi Q ■ Q
] Gonorrhoea
\i Thi* is one of the diseases I cure by
\X my own modern methods. I use a spe-
ll cial IrrlKntion system In my practice.
Rf find altogether new devices for inMat-
;j latlon*. 1 cure Gonorrhoea PERMA-
H NT:N"TL.Y in from .1 to 10 days. I am
ft able to do thi? because I frequently ex-
I , amine the canal by means of & small
j ' electric Il«ht and am enabled to treat
l-J each diseased part separately and intel-
U lirently. Following my treatment there
H are no arter results. There 1s no stric-
D ture to fear, and no chronic condition
i\ «*ometimee called gleet) ever occurs.
H X also cure with the came nn-
U varying 1 success Lost Manhood.
Eg Seminal Weakness, 8permator-
M rhoea, Varlcocele. Diseases of the
j 5 Prostate Gland. Unnatural Losses,
R Stricture, Contagions Blood Poison
B and all Diseases common to Ken.
M Consultation and advice free.
t] Home Treatment
l\ Is always certain and satisfactory. My
U copyrighted pamphlet. "Live All Tour
5 Tears a Man," free at office or by
R mail.
I DR. 0. C. J0SLEIN1
M Cor. Karket and Eeerny Streets.
j" Private Entranc? — "02 Market St.
{, Office Hours— Week days, 9 a m. to f
B . ». m. ; Sundays. A a. m. to i p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK — SATURDAY, Feb. 27. — Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
CISa. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling ; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index) Horse and Owner. WtlSt. V*. Vi- %• Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- C1
42C7 Elliott 4 (M. J. Daly) 117 1 ... 2 h 2 1 2 1 1 6 J. Daly 3 13-5
«110 Kgyp. Princess. 6 (I. O'Rourke) 111 2 ... lh lh 3%2ns Vandrbout 10 -0
BSM Clausus 4 <T. H. Ryan).... 107 8 ... 4h 3h I'*, 32 J. Martin.. 8 9-2
fil.i5 Estoy Listo 4 (El Prlmero S.) Ill 0 ... 9 9 8 4h Tullett .... CO 100
OT54 Blackthorn "5 (C P Fink).... Ill 4 ... 5^41 51 5 Vt J. T. Shehn 10 15
WOS Amoruna 4 <P. McGulre) »7 5 ... 6 2 ti !i 7 2 62 Sherwood .. 50 . 100
fiOKi JTitus 4 '(Dan Meek) 1104 9 ... 8 2 7 3 4^73 Butler .... 100 loO
CO«» !l)r. Long, a (Tanner & Co.).. Ill 7 .... 7 2 5 V, ($ 2 8 Dugan .... 8 8
0135 iXarra G. ti (Northern Stable)!lll 3 ... 3 h Cut down Buxton .... 1 7-P
Time— :25'» iso. 1:C9^. At post IV, minutes! Off at 2:16^. Elliott, place, 6-5: show,
3-5 Princess place 8; show, .3 Clausus show 3-5. Winner, ch. h. by Racine-Au
ralia 11 Trained by M J. Daly. Scratched — Waterpower. Dora I. Mount McGregor II,
Cassie W Start good. ' Won easily. Next four driving. Elliott lame going to the post
and then won galloping. Narra G broke down hopelessly going the first quarter.
Clausus hung near the close. Estoy Llsto ran a shifty sort of race. Blackthorn won t
do. Dr. Long had a bit of gpeed. _ -,--- — — - — -.^^^^^^^^^wn^vv^
6183. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value Vo first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. • WtlSt. V* . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- cl -
HIV.) Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.).. 106 2 ...... 14 14 13 Bonner 3 5
612.5 iGloomy Gus (B. & W.) 106 4 4^3^21 Bell ... 5-2 3
Wfi73 jMy Order (P Ryan) 106 « 5 2 4 1,32 Travers ... <-2 4
6153 Saecharate (Xapa Stock F.).. 103 3 2 3 2 2 4 h J. T. Shehn 4 5
0147 Gold<?n Idol (M. J Daly) 110 1 03 6 5 8 .1. Daly 5 18-5
6147 |Harvester (M. J. Daly) 10617 7 7 Oh \V. Daly... • *
C123 j Steel Vv'tre (H. Stover) lCHi| 5 3^5 7 J. Martin.. S 9
Time— :25Vi. :50H. At post »i minute. Off at 2:39%. Ragon. place, 8-5; show, 4-5.
Gus place I; show 1-2. Order, show. 4-5. Winner, b. c. by Kismet-Chatose. Trained
by Gill Summers. Start fair. Won easily. Next two driving. Bonner on winner cut
Gloomy Gus off soon after the start and then had clear sailing. Bell had to pull Gus
up to prevent being carried out. or he would have won. My Order can probably do
better on a dry track. Saceharate tired near the wire. Steel "Wire gave It up. 'Coupled
with Golden Idol — M.' J. Daly entry.^ w - v^ v -^v^w~^~~~~
O1S4. THIRD RACE— Sir furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325^
Index] Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. Vt, . Vi- %• Str: Fin. I Jockey. OP- C\.
610.1 i Pat Morrissey a (Wellman) . 107 3 ... 52 36 33 11 Holbrook . 13-5 2
•5S48 ! Alice Carey. 4* (H. E. Rowell) 100 6 ... 2 2 2 3 2 Vj 2 ns Travers ... 4 4
C134 Pure Dale 4 (Th*mas & R.) 105 2 ... 13 1.2 11 3 6 J. T. Shehn 7 8
608S Hellas. 4 (J. Creely) 107 4 ... 4h 4 1 4 144 Bell 10 25
611" iGoddess of Night. 6 (Parks). 105 7 ... 7 2 7 3 6 1 5 h Dugan .... 8 15
< C.11O)| Dr. Sherman. 0 (M. L. White) 103| 8 ... 8 3 8 4 7 2 6 1 Buxton.... 3 5
6161 iThe Miller a (G. P. McNeil).. 97 1 1 ... 6 4 B 8 1 7 1 Crosswalt© 12 ..0
614S jMyrtle H 5 (Mrs. Hertzell). 105| 5 ... 3 1 5 2 5 1 8 10 McAuliffa . 30 50
«1CO Pearl Diver, 4 (Carlisle Co.). 05 j 9 ... 9 8 9 4 9 2 9 4 Roach ..... 10 20
6148 Dandle Belle, 6 (Winter & J.)ilC0|10 ...10 10 10 10 J- Martin.. U U
Time— -24 1 -, :49ii l:16Vi. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:06. Morrissey. place, 1: show,
1-2 Carey place 8-5; show, 7-10. Dale, show, 3-2. Winner, b. g. by Lord Clifden-
Tennie B. Trained by G. Wentworth. Scratched— Ulloa. Quiz II. Start bad. Won
handily Second and 'third driving-. Winner much the best. Pure Dale might have
won as" the race was run had Sheehan made a shorter turn into the stretch. Goddess of
Night can do better with a rider up. Dr. Sherman ran a poor race. The Miller
won't do. 'Los Angeles index C097.
0183. FOURTH RACE — One mile and 50 yards; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; to first, ?S00.
Index Horse and Ow*ier. IWtiSt. Vi . \b- %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
6005 Joe Lesser. 6 (H. D. Beams)..! 9923 46 3 1 32 lh jBonner 5 5
6149 LVigrette 4 (W. B. Jennings).] 92 3 4 2 3 h 2 3 1 % 2 6 Knapp 5-2 14-5
(6149)! Kenilworth. 6 (H. .Stover) 118 4 1 1 1 2 1 h 2 2 3 % See 7-5 9-5
6149 I Lord M*lbourne.4 (Bender Co.) 100 1 24 22 4 V 10 4 12 4 15 OHphant .. .1 13-5
6089 | Daisy Green. 4 (Follansbee). . 90| a 5 5 5 5 5 W. Daly... ?5 15
Time :25~^ :D0«i, 1:16 1:43 1:40. At post Y t minute. Off at 3:31',i. Lesser, place,
3-2' show, out Nigrette place, 7-10; show. out. Kenilworth. show. out. Winner, b.
g by Whitney -Hermie. Trained by Gill Summers. Start good. Won driving. Next
tkroe driving Both Kenilworth and Nigrette swung wide into the stretch. Bonner
on Joe Lesser" hugged the rail and at the finish outrode Knapp. Not sticky enough for
Lord Melbourne. Daisy Green no account now.
C1KO. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. jWtlSt. !4 • %• %■ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
fSli-T Celebrant (Hamilton "stable). .! 113 4 4^2h 11 111 \Vi H. Spencer. 3 3
6125 Judge (M. J. Daly) 118 1 2 h 1 h 3 h 3 V. 2 5 J. Daly.... 3-2 7-5
(SSSniSoUrriexe (Dayton & Co.) IOC 3 1 h 6 6 4 6 4 2 3 i-i J. T. Shehn 7-2 3
MU5 iSolanus (W. B. Jennings).... 108 2 3 % 4 h 2 h 2 h 4 10 J. Martin.. 3 6
«139 Gateway <T. W Lottrldffe) . . 105 5 6 « 6 H 5 3 C. King 100 400
5476 ISir Appleby (T. G. Ferguson) 108 6 5 V, 3 h 5 2 5 6 6 Travers ... 20 30
Xi me _'>4U -51 l:16?i 1:30. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:58. Celebrant, place, 1; show,
out " Judge ' place 3-5: show, out. Soufrlere. show. out. Winner, ch. c. by Bathamp
ton-Ave Marie Trained. by J. Givens. Start good. Won easily. Second easily. Third
driving Celebrant well ridden and probably best. Judge tired the last eighth. Sou
frlere ran a clever race after being bothered on the back stretch. Solanus quit. Sir
Appleby cut off on back etre^ch.
6HS7. SIXTH RACE — One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to - first,
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U. J .i- % . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
CISliHainault 5 (Thomas & R.).. 1071 3 1 '£ 1 1 13 15 15 Travers ... 2 9-5
5551 Forest King. 5 (Jones & Co.) 110 1 4 2 h- 2 3 2 2 2 5 J. Daly.... 8-5 • 9:5
i (6163) Diderot 6 ( j. P. Atkin) 107 23131314 3 0 Buxton .... 5-2 16-5
(6161) Hlpponax-. a (P. G. Lane) . . ■ ■ j 10» 4234 4 314 J. T. Shehn 0 8
—,_£ .05 .50 j : i7 l:44',i 1 :4s 1 "*. At po fi t Vt minute. Off at 4:22^. Hainault, place.
7 l6" Wow out' Forest King, place. 4-5: show. out. Diderot, show. out. Winner,
br g by St Ca'rlo-Llbbertmibbet. Trained by J. Reavey. Scratched — Flaneur, Lady
Kent' Axminster. Start good. Won easily. Second easily. Third easily. Hainault had
the speed and the others grew groggy trying: to run him down. Forest King heavily
played Diderot did not shine at his best. Hipponax outclassed.
played down from 10 to 4%. only lost
the place by a nose.
Gloomy <Jus, the lukewarm 3 to 1
favorite for the kindergarten half-mile
scramble, was much the best, but met
with all sorts of ill racing luck. Bell
rode the Burns & Waterhouse entry
and soon after the start was cut off
b>* Bob Ragon, ridden by Bonner.
Later on he had to pull up for a space
of thirty yards to avoid being carried
to the outside fence by Golden Idol.
Bonner on Ragon escaped this mud
dle and won by three lengths. Gloomy
Gus finished strong, beating out My
Order a length for the place. Sac
charate tired the last part of it,.run
ning fourth.
It was through no cleverness on the
part of Holbrook that old Pat Mor
rissey took the third, a six-furlong
selling run, for the boy tried every
way in the world to toss it off. On
form Pat looked about the best thing
of the day and his price was forced
down from 3 to 2 to 1. Pure Dale
Jumped away in the lead, followed by
Alice Carey. Both turned very wide
into the stretch and instead of saving
four or five lengths Holbrok took Pat
out, too, and waited to split the two
leaders. By chance he finally did,
scoring cleverly by a length. J. T.
Sheehan, on Pure Dale, was so inter
ested in what was transpiring behind
him that Alice Carey snapped up the
place by a nose. Goddess of Night
ran a very mild race and at 30 or 40
to 1 some day may display more speed.
Henry Spencer, "the iceman," has
not forgotten' how to put one over the
plate by any manner of means. Henry
rode the heavily played Celebrant in the
seven-furlong number for three-year
olds and. led Mike Daly's Judge out
"with something to spare. The last
named colt had a decided call in the
betting over the other starters, and no
excuses can be offered for him. Spen
cer on the winner made a nice turn
into the stretch, and at all stages of
the running held the favorite safe,
feoufriere came out of retirement and
with no vast amount of racing luck
beat Solamis for show honors. Sir
Appleby was also pinched out of his
position on the back stretch.
After, an extended vacation Forest
King faced the webbing again in the
last, a mile and seventy yard selling
event, and the Oregon horse's friends
were all down good and thick. At the
close he was equal favorite with Hain
ault. Forest King was never partial
to weight, and his 110 pounds proved
too much excess baggage. Hainault,
extremely well handled by Travers,
had the speed of the party and made a
runaway race of it. Forest King ran
second five lengths In .^advance of
Diderot.
Bonner piloted two winners.
Twenty-one bookmakers cut in.
Vanderbout, now under contract to
Dell Fountain, resembles Owen
Mounce when that rider was a boy.
Before the race Elliott showed signs
of lameness and this fact kept many
people from betting on the Racine
horse.
Mike Daly says ha will not start
Golden Idol again until he. has cured
the youngster of his habit of running
out —
■j HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1904.
WOUNDED THUG
IS IN CUSTODY
One of the Bandits Who Was
Shot During the Fight at
Milford; Gives Himself Up
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 27. — One
of tike Callentes bandits, who precipi
tated, the battle in a San Pedro pas
senger coach at Milford at midnight,
appeared at the Milford pumphouse at
4 o'clock this morning and gave him
self up. He is fatally wounded. He
is shot through the groin and has a
bullet in his left side. { *He gave the
name of C. H. Moore. He said he had
lain close to the track since the bat
tle in the car, which resulted in the
wounding of Marshal Hickman and
an Italian passenger, whose name is
not known. The wounded bandit is
being cared for at Milford, but he can
not recover. :
- Posses are out in all directions
scourtng the country for the other
robber, who is supposed to be hiding
somewhere near by. Officers on both
ends of the San Pedro line have been
furnished his description and are
watching for him. On the person of
the robber who surrendered was found
$30. In the hold-up at Calientes last
Tuesday night about $3000 was se
cured. The officers believe that the
bandit who is still at large took his
companion's share of the booty from
him when it became evident that the
latter was too badly wounded to at
tempt escape. "
Discover Treasure of the Incas.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27. — Advices
from La Paz, Bolivia, announce that
the traditional treasure of the Incas
haa been discovered at' Challacatta,
cables the Herald's Lima, Peru, corre
spondent. It amounts to $18,000,000.
The discoverers are of various nation
alities and are now quarreling over the
treasure, although a legal contract ex
ists between them as to the division.
The authorities have interfered in the
matter. ■
Hcrrcra to Fight Yanger.
MILWAUKEE, Feb. 27. — Aurelio
Herrera and Benny Yanger will fight
at the American Athletic Club in Chi
cago March 7 and will weigh 130
pounds at the ringside. Terms were
agreed upon to-day for the match.
ARE YOU READING
"TO-MORROW'S TANGLE,"
The second installment in the
XEXT SUXDAY CALL
.Will prove : a revelation in Cal-
ifornia's Private' History.
CURTIS WINS
ASCOT DERBY
On a Muddy Track Griffin's
Horse Pulls Up From Last
Place and Finishes First
LOUWELSEA IS SURPRISE
At 10 to 1 It Beats the Favo
rite, Cane jo, With Ease in
Closing Event of the Day
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 27.— A steady
rain, which started about noon, made
the track muddy for the Ascot Derby,
the feature of to-day's racing and the
fourth event on the card. Four starters
faced the barrier in this event, H. T.
Griffin's Bill Curtis being the public
choice at 3 to 5. Formaster had a good
following at 2% and 3, while Elwood
and Sais were the outsiders, at 6 and 7.
To a good start Sais went to the front,
closely followed by Elwood and For
master," with Bill Curtis last. They
were. in this position until entering the
stretch on the last round, when Curtis
forged ahead and won easily by three
lengths. The value to the winner was
$1910."
The first race resulted in a close fin
ish, Jim Hale, Jane Holly (the favorite)
Xervator finishing noses apart in
the order named.
Felipe Lugo, the heavily played sec
ond choice in the next race, went to the
front at the start and was never head
ed, winning hand-ridden from Golden
Mineral, the odds-on favorite. Sweet
Tone was third.
The third event went to Neko, the
even-money favorite, Marta second and
Emir third. Bennett Gray, played from
60 to 1 to 10 to 1, finished absolutely
last.
Joe Yeager's "Waswlft was the goods
in the fifth, winning all the way at
odds of 9 to 5. Greenock was second
and C. B. Campbell third.
The last race resulted In the surprise
of the day, Louwelsea, at 10 to 1, beat
ing the 9 to 5 favorite Canejo handily,
with Florestan third. The summary:
First race, Slauson course, selling —
Jim Hale, 106 (Mountain), 4 to 1,
won; Jane Holly, 99 (Hildebrand), 4
to 5, second: Nervator, 105 (Wonder
ly), 3 to 1, third. Time, 1:09^4. Bay
Wonder, Zem-Zem and Innsbruick also
ran.
. Second race, six furlongs, purse —
Felipe Lugo, 106 (Mountain), 5 to 2,
won; Golden Mineral, 103 (Hilde
brand), 3 to ,5, second; Sweet Tone,
101 (Redfern), 5 to 1, third. .Time,
1:14%. Carnival also ran.
Third race, mile, selling— Neko, So
(Hildebrand), even, won; Marta, 107
(Wonderly), 4 to 1,. second: Emir, 93
(J.-.Lewis), 7^to.l, third. Time, 1:43%.
Bennett Gray; Sherry," Insolence, Blue
ridge, Jlngler and , The. Ledaean also
ran.
r ~ Fourth race, the Ascot Derby, $2000
added, mile and a half— Bill Curtis,
■111. (Redfern),. 7 to 10, won; Elwood,
117 (Hildebrand), 5 to 1, second; For
master, 117 (Wonderly), 2% to 1, third.
Time, 2:37. Sais also ran.
Fifth, race, mile and seventy yards,
handicap — Waswift, 116 (Hilde
brand), 9 to 5, won; Greenock, 100 (J.
Lewis), 8 to 1, second; C. B. Camp
bell; 95 (J. Booker). 15 to 1, third.
Time, 1:47. Bragg, Rag Tag and Nam
tor also ran.
Sixth race, mile, selling — Louwelsea,
105 (Feicht), 10 to 1, won; Canejo,
108 (Redfern), 9 to 5, second; Flores
tan. 110 (Mountain), . 5 to 1, third.
Time, 1:43. Erne, Lunar, Buccleuth
and R'o Chico also ran.
RESULTS AT HOT SPRINGS
AND THE CRESCENT CITY
Winners of Coin at Tracks of Essex
Park and the Southern
Metropolis.
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., Feb. 27.— Essex
Park results: First race, six furlongs,
selling— Budweiser won, Ralph Young
second, Dark Secret third. Time, 1:1594.
Second race, three and a half fur
longs—Hadrian won, The Lorell second,
Buchanan third. Time :43*i.
Third race, one mile — A la- Mode won,
Buglehorn second, Lyrist third. Time,
1:44.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Orleans
won, Joe Goss second. Belle Mahone
third. Time, 1:15.
Fifth race, one and <«n eighth miles,
selling— Malay won, Satin Coat second,'
Binshlio third. Time, 1:57.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— Leoitala
won, John E. Owens second, Benton
third. Time, 1:30^.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 27.— Crescent
City results: First race, six furlongs —
Protorious won, Gus Heldorn second,
Josette third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, seven furlongs—Clare
mont won, Clay Clement second, Tro
gan third. Time, 1:28 2-5.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles
— Meistersinger won. Circus Girl sec
ond, Past third. Time, 1:47 4-5.
Fourth race, the Speed handicap, six
furlongs— Autumn Leaves won, Roue
second, Frank Bell third. Time, 1:13 1-5.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenths
miles, handicap— Port Royal wqn, Os
trich second, Gravina third. Time,
1:58 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile and a half—
Semper Vivix won, Trio second, Treacy
third. Time, 2:34 2-5.
New Swimming Record.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2 7.- — Harry Le
moine : of the Brooklyn Swimming
Club won the twenty-five-yard scratch
race to-night in 12 3-5 seconds, which
is 2-5 of a second better than the
American record held by W. C. Miller.
Wants His .Freedom.
A petition for a writ of habeas cor
pus in behalf of. Leon B. Neate was
filed in the Supreme Court -yesterday.
The defendant was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge .Ca
baniss on charges of having Durclar
ized the rooms of Howard Thompson
and Edward Brown in the Plymouth
Hctel on December 8. It is all^ge-i in
the. petition that no evidence Iwas in
troduced at the preliminary hearing
to connect Neate with the crime.-
THOROUGHBREDS
ATTRACT CROWD
Horse Show at Haywarcls Is
Well Attended in Spite
of Threatening Weather
EUNAWAY CAUSES PANIC
Frightened Stallion Runs
Into Group of Spectators,
Two of Whom Are Injured
HAYWARDS, Feb. 27. — Brightly
gowned women, handsome equipages
and more than 200 splendid specimens
of blooded horseflesh were the fea-
tures of K the third annual horse show
at Haywards to-day. In spite of the
threatening weather and the muddy
roads a large crowd attended the
show, people coming from Oakland,
Niles, Pleasanton and* even from San,
Jose to view the exhibit of livestock. v
At 2 o'clock the parade started from
the corner of Watkins and Castro
streets, headed by the Foresters' band,
and for several hours Shetland ponies,
driving and draught horses and fine
stallions filed ■ past the reviewing
stand. The procession was headed
by C. L. Groffith's Bonnie Direct and
was divided into four classes, as fol
lows:
First division — Thoroughbreds, trot
ting stallions, mares, geldings and
colts. Second division — Draught
horses, geldings and colts. Third di
vision — Double drivers, single* drivers,
ponies and saddle horses. Fourth
division — Double carriage horses and
single carriage horses. Legrand Tur
ner of Haywards acted as grand mar
shal, and beside him as chief aid rode
little Miriam Meek, the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Meek. The aids
to the grand ' marshal j were .Frank
Rose, Niles; -Frank Fennon, Liver
more; Charles Windier, Walnut Creek;
John Morris, San Ramon; Harold
Meek, San Lorenzo; S. Mclntosh, John
Smith and Clarence Magnes of Hay
wards. William McDonald of Liver
more acted as announcer.
But one accident occurred to mar
the pleasure of the day. A black
stallion owned by C M. Buck of Hay
wsxds and driven by his son, Harry
Buck, took fright at a fluttering news
paper near the corner of B and Cas
tro streets and dashed into the crowd
on the sidewalk, causing a wild stam
pede for safety, in which Mrs. Joseph
Olivera of Ashland and Robert Kuer
zel of Oakland were thrown down and
severely trampled by the •panic
stricken spectators. Miss Miriam
Meek, who was riding the little Shet
land pony, Robinson Cruso, was di
rectly in the path of the runaway, and
had a very narrow escape, the wheel
of the cart to which the big stallion
was harnessed Just grazing the pony's
side.
ADVER^SE3IEXTS. : ~^ ;_.,. " .
THE'-pJL^GUE ot ©ID AGE K^fc
Nearly every old person is troubled more or less with Rheuma- /^^^P^'-V^^^ii
tism, and the fewest number escape its tortures. Many are ben^and /^]^\\M|,^^r 11 )
deformed and physically disabled by the awful misery and suffering /£$ M\\W v\ ' |«
inflicted upon them by this fearful scourge. While the young, vig- W* |'1|j| IV; |n
orous and strong are not always exempt, it seems that the old are V\ f -vJX&v An- Pi
the chief sufferers from Rheumatism, that it is a disease peculiar to \\ § M? II
old people and the plague of old age. »\\ \ III
One may be born with a strong predisposition or tendency to U Ijjjl jffl JjU
Rheumatism; it may run in your family; father or mother may \\^l\i Hi 1 irf*
transmit it to their children; but while the blood flows pure and \\f iil kM~1%i
strong through the veins and all the vital powers are in perfect con- hV®^- fefJ) y ■
dition, Rheumatism rarely develops; but as we pass the meridian of cS|g5?r^i^Ef *i
life the digestion becomes impaired, liver and bowels sluggish, and 4§P^ *^gl
the S3'stem clogged with poisonous matter ; then the blood becomes polluted and tainted,
too acid and sour, grumbling pains and frequent aches are felt in the muscles and joints,
and before you realize it Rheumatism has j r ou in its clutches. The disease may settle in
the large muscles of the back, neck or thigh, the joints of the legs and arms, fingers and
toes, or it may confine itself to no particular spot, the pains darting from one muscle to
another, striking one joint to-day and another the next, with redoubled fury. It is an
insidious, sneaking disease. You may be up to-day and in bed to-morrow; the pains may
be constant or occasional ; but for all that Rheumatism in its various forms is produced by ,.
fo^nSn'^o^ce-a blood^nd genial OPP Aro °* PO11 ™* YEARS * JT
disordered condition of the system. ♦: Mt - vernon, Ohio. May 25, iy&.
Thepains and aches throbbing nmseles and J^T^^r^S^t^ffZ
Swollen joints, are helpedby the application Of and ankles, andon« that has ever had Rheumatism
plasters and the Use of liniments and Salves ; but knows how excruciating the pain is and how it inter-
these things do not reach the hot, feverish bipod feres "W" 1^ °a« at work. I was truly In bad shape.
nor touch the real/ cause of the disease, and for havin g b « en bothered with this trouble, off and on.
this reason only partial relief comes from their T&^£°S£E££££riZ£
USC The treatment Should be^bOtn internal and that the soreness and pain was greatly rednced. I
external. The riotOUS, acid blood must be puri- continued the medicine, and after taking six bottles I
fied and brought back tO a healthy, normal COn- was thoroughly cured, all pain, soreness and inflam-
dition, the accumulation of poisonous matter in mation « on9 - J unhesitatingly recommend it to ail
,i' iij j- Ji. i.-L rheumatic sufferers. J. L. AGNEW.
the system checked, and vigor and strength om^
, J 1 , ,i 1 ■ ■ • • i ■, ■ «j j -l'i 803 East Greenbrier St.
restored to the sluggish, torpid organs ; and while
S. S. S. is doing this the simple home remedies, liniments and lotions, rubbing and blister-
ing, may be applied for the temporary relief they afford to the aching muscles and joints.
S. S. S- is a blood purifier and tonic combined; it makes the polluted blood rich and
strong; it builds up the general health, improves the appetite and digestion, strengthens
S^^B^^h the nerves and restores the disordered system to a healthy
J^^^ateTi state. It is composed exclusively of roots and herbs, and
I L^J^ w^^^L oes not conta i n a single mineral ingredient or strong
%ia^^V %i^^ drug of any description. S. S. S. has been in use for
I^jjI j V^jl many years, and has been tested in thousands of cases of
%^***fLp *^**Z*& Rheumatism, and the best proof of its merit is the fact
"^ajo^ that the sales are larger to-day than ever and the demand
greater than ever in its history. ■' S. S. S. for the blood is guaranteed purely vegetable.
If you have Rheumatism, a fair trial will convince you of its power over this painful dis-
ease, and you may yet spend a painless, healthy old age. Write us about your case, and our
physicians will advise you without charge. We have a special book on Rheumatism which
is mailed free to all wishing it. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GAm
RUN PREVENTS
TENNIS PLAY
Tournament Scheduled for
Alameda County Cham
pionships Postponed Again
HUB-DOCK BEATSGEIFFIN
They Meet in Practice Set
and the Alameda Crack
Proves Victorious in Match
The rain again interfered with the
championship tennis tournaments
scheduled to b'e played on the East
Oakland courts. After considerable
work with mop and broom, the courts
were made dry enough to play on, but
the rain came down in torrents and
play was called off. The players from
this side of the bay will go over early
this morning, so that the tournaments
can be completed as far as possible to
day. Play will commence at 9 o'clock.
A large delegation from both the Gol
den Gate and California clubs will
cross the bay to witness the annual
struggle for the Alameda County
championships.
Clarence Griffln and Percy Murdock
played one practice set and it was an
excellent one. The Alameda crack had
to extend himself to win as his oppon
ent was at his best. • The score, In
Murdock's favor, was 6-4.
The California Club courts in this
city were crowded with players yes
terday afternoon eager for a game
after their long confinement. All five
courts were given over to doubles.
Only those players who were on hand
early managed to get in a few sets
before the heavy shower drove them
to cover.
A good doubles was interrupted when
three sets had been played. C. J.
Smith and Harry Rolfe -won the first
two seta from Drummond MacGarvin
and Sidney Salisbury.
The latter were . playing- a much
stronger game In the third set, which
they won easily.
Frank Mitchell and Joseph Tobin
were forced to quit after six games had
been played. The score in Mitchell's
favor was 4-2.
The following matches were played:
Herbert Long beat Melville Long, 6-1,
6-2. 6-2; Glenn Cogwllland George
Wilcut beat Bradley "Wallace and Her
bert Goold, 6-4, 3-6, 6-4; C. J. Smith
and Harry Rolfe beat Sidney Salisbury
and J. D. MacGavin, 6-4, 8-6, 2-6;
Frank Mitchell beat Joseph Tobin, 4-2;
A. \V. "Worthington and W. F. Bull
beat Walter Oliver and Dr. Noble. 6-2,
7-5; Ben Wood tied Herbert Gray, 6-4,
5-7.
There will be a handicap doubles
tournament for the directors' cups on
the California Club courts to-day. En
tries close at 10 this morning, play to
begin at 10:30.
On the park courts the fourth-class
HORLEY SEEKS
JUST DECISION
Comes North to Discuss Dil
lon Case With the Officers
of the Pacific Coast League
JOHNSON IS WITH HIM
President of the American
League Is Quoted as Saying
His Claim Is a Proper One
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 27.— Manager
James Morley of the Los Angeles base
ball team left to-day for San Francisco
for a conference with President Bert
of the Pacific Coast League' and others
over the disagreement as to who i3 en
titled to the services of First Baseman
Dillon.
Morley, who is supported by Presi
dent Ban Johnson of the American
League in his claims on Dillon, will
endeavor to convince the officials of
the Pacific league of the Justness of his
contentions. Failing: in this, he says
he will take the matter before the base
ball committee for a final settlement.
CITY AUDITOR BAEHR
MUST ANSWER CHARGES
Civil Service Commissioner Alleges Ho
Has Violated the Law in His
Temporary Appointments.
The Civil Service Commission ha3
cited Auditor Baehr to appear before
it to-morrow night to explain, certain
alleged infractions of the civil service
rules in the employment of temporary
clerks in his office.
Baehr and the commission have had
several clashes owing to a differenca
of opinion concerning the employ
ment of temporary employes. Th*j
commission claims that by an Investi
gation of the Auditor's books a num
ber of employes engaged for tempo
rary periods were never certificated to
the commission. The commission
claims to have found further viola
tions of the civil service law, but de
clines 4o make them public until Baehr
has been heard from, declaring that
it does not desire to take snap judg
ment upon him.
Baehr's attorney, William H. Cobb,
and his chief deputy. John G. Leibert,
appeared before the Civil Service Com
mission last Thursday and were fur
nished with a copy of the findings of
the commission. They promised to file
an answer thereto by next Monday
night.
It is said that the matter involves
the payment of several thousands of
dollars in salaries to non-civil service
clerks, whose appointments were never
approved by the commission, as the
charter requires.
players will meet. Several matches
have been played and the .tournarnent
will be finished to-day. ... . .*...'.. ..rBOXING IN RINGS OF THE EAST AND WEST
GKOSSMAN PUTS
UP GREAT FIGHT
Spider Welch Hammers .San
Rafael Lad. but Fails to
Laud the Knockout Punch
AWARDED THE DECISION
Local Man Has HisOppohent
Groggy Several Times, but
the Latter Stars the Limit
One of the sporting surprises of the
year w as handed out last night at Sau
eaiito when Rudolph Grossman, an ob-
sccre lightv.eight pugilist from the
wilds cf Marin County, stood, up before
"Spider" Joe Welch for twenty rounds
and took a beating that would have
made an ordinary heavyweight quit.
Grossman was unable to punch and
never assumed the aggressive, so the
decision r.as Welch's by many lengths.
The engagement was the main event
cf a boxing carnival given for the ben
efit cf the Sausalito Fire Department.
Buena Vista Pavilion, where the event
took place, was racked. A large crowd
■went over from this city and the bal
ance of the attendance was made up
•cf sports from San Rafael, Sausalito
and way ports.
It was nearly 10 o'clock the
principals entered the ring. Welch was
in. perfect condition, while Grossman
appeared to be half dead from fright
ard. was not trained for a nstic en
counter. At the tap of the gong
Welch started after his man and kept
chasing him around the ring, landing
hard, lefts often.
Grtfssrian seemed doped, and the
spectator* were of the opinion that the
rs.ni would end in the next round.
W.€lch continued his rushes in the sec
: or. 3 and seemed to have Grossman in
distress. But in the third the San Ra
fael lad began to show some. All of a
sudden his face brightened and he let
go p. few at Welch that brought forth
a. round of applause from his admirers.
But his burst cf speed did not last
long, for in the fifth round Welch be
.gan to shoot In his left again. He sent
home a dozen hard Jabs. Grossman was
groggy and appeared ready to quit.
. The wige ones thought they saw the
•nnish of the battle, but again they
.»:*re doomed to disappointment. When
Welch started in to rush things in the
six-th Grossman inaugurated a style of
: clinching and protecting himself that
puzzled the Spider. Every time he tried
\o 'reach Grossman the latter would
close in and hang on till the referee
broke them apart.
Welch maintained his aggressiveness
rt'irht aJong and kept boring in con
tinuously. The strain begun to tell on
Grossman and in the eleventh round
•he nearly fell from sheer weakness.
immediately after Welch sent him to
."his"' kjiees with a vicious right swing,
t*.ut he recovered in a trice and stalled
XlU-'the round was over.
• From the eleventh round on. Gross
man was groggy all the time, bat still
Wf lch could not put him to the carpet.
H» -beat the German lad in an unmerci
fifl . manner — so bad, in fact, that he
•bled profusely, but still he stayed with
the game.
■ '. li the last three rounds Grossman
grop**! around the rin;r and seemed
(AUylcKis cf what was happening. He
haif iust sense enough to clinch and
shift around every tkne Welch came
near him.
.' Welch was trying his best to put in
"the-fina.1 wallop, but that peculiar style
of the San Rafael rt:be kept him
jrues^jinp. At that, he landed some that
looked like finishing touches, but the
•Ge^iTian took them all without wincing
and was always ready fcr more.
.-. 'H'elch missed rr.ar.y swings in every
round of the battle and did not display
Hi* -usual steam. Grossman showed
that he Is possessed of no punch, for.
*<jn many occasions, the "Snider" stood
Sp and let him land wallop after wal
\»?n none of which had any steam
.behind them. Jimmy Carroll, the
veteran lightweight, refereed the bout.
, Before the main event there were
Several three-round exhibition bouts
between well-known fighters. Frankie
Keil. the champion bantam, opened up
ttie entertainment with a go with John
Frcayne, a. local amateur. Among others
who boxed were "Cyclone" Kelly and
.Walter Moreno, Jimmy Carroll and
/>ne*of his ancient pupils. Tom Griffin
and Bill Clarey and "Tanglefoot Me-
Govern** and Billy Lynch.
Frrncfa Clab Give* Banquet.
The Club, des Fumistes gave its
grand annual banquet and smoker last
night. The dinner was given to about
tStt member*, who enjoyed the many
sp<»ecfcee and musical numbers that
AUVZBTISE2H11JT3.
/«& THE VACUUM CAP
; f 'mrZ*m The most natural and successful treatment ever devised for
■ V. JR. £ Cnrins BALDNESS 1=^ FALLING HAIR ia either sex
\\^S«Jm By suction, the air is e=haust?d froci the cap, which reduces
V\. tie atisospheiic pressure, thas forcing a free and active circulation
of blood into the scalp and hair follicles. This extra nutrition
•solied b T t te increased circulation promotes a healthy growth of hair and pre-
ventsit turning prematurely grey. Absolute results assured. FREE Book.
VACUUM BUST DEVELOPER
Act lady caa produce a large and beautiful Bust. Nursing O» JF&
caa increase the flow and quality of their milk.
"Special Parlor for Ladies, Suit 15, 2d Floor, Lady Attendants /f'fk. WN
fDR. LAWRENCE'S NEW IMPROVED ffe^fe\l
VACUUM DEVELOPER & INVIGORATOR WfT$l
for 2MEN is a positive cleans of restoring lost strength
aad vigor. It will revitalize through* the increased flow of blood to
the parts aad it is the only known means by which the organs can be
dereloped. Combined with our inprored " Perfect" soluble medi-
cated BOUGIE or **" ' vnv ffin 1 1 —^==r- t. m -h
cure gleet, stricture, preniatureness, any irritation of the urethral canal,
all affections of the prostate gland, etc For VARICOCELE we have a new
Suspensory and Compressor, (Pattat applied for) used in connection with our
Improved VACUUM DEVELOPER (sold only by us) will quickly cure every
czJe. Write or call for our profusely illustrated 100 p»ge book, which fuly ex-
"laini our remarkable Vcc anm Treatment, sent securely sealed- For 3IITX only*
" Our physicians are experienced and strictly reliable specialists, and our treat-
rxect sent on 10 days trial and approval Hours 9 to 9; Sundays 10 to 1.
HeaJth Appliance Co. 6 0FAR s R A E N LL rllNc I sco
BOXING JUDGES CANNOT PICK
A WINNER IN SPECIAL CLASS
Paul Morton and Joseph Carroll Fight an Extra Round and
Referee Graney Declares Bout a Tie — Sensational Box
ing Marks Closing Night of Olympic Club Tournament
BOXERS VICTORIOUS IN TOURNAMENT
CLASS. WIXXER. CLUB
Dantam-.veisht G. \V. Finnegan Unattached
Featherweight Harry Tenny Unattached
Special. 125 pound Joseph Carroll Occidental Club
(A tie.) Paul Martin Presidio Club
LJchtwcijrht Robert Lundie Olympic Club
Welterweight William Wolff Unattached
Middleweight Tom McGreal Hawthorne Club
Li~ht Heavyweight Harry Chester Olympic Club
Heavyweight Sam Berger Olympic Club
Paul Martin and Joseph Carroll
proved so evenly matched last night in
their bout, in the Olympic Athletic
Club boxing tournament, that the
judges were unable to pick a winner.
They ordered an extra round, which
did not clear up the situation between
the crack 125-pounders.
Referee Eddie Graney had the de
ciding vote, but he dodged the issue
diplomatically. He said both men were
winneri. and that each boxer was en
titled to a medal after ths brilliant
showing made. Carroll showed the ef
fects of his fast bout of the previous
evening. In the first round his blows
lacked direction, but he improved
steadily until the end. He hurt Martin
in the second round with a stiff left
uppercut. The third was a hard round,
buth men roughing it. They fought
the extra round at a fast clip, each
hoping to show a shade the better of
the fighting. Referee Graney's deci
sion of a tie was a popular one.
The programme opened with a sensa
tional fight between AI Young and
William Wolff, two welter-weights.
They fought desperately for three
rounds, and the Judges ordered an
extra round. Wolff put on a full head
of steam and grained the verdict. Young
started to rough it in the first round
and earned the displeasure of the spec
tator?. They seemed with Wolff to a
man from that time on. When the lat
ter outgamed Young at these tactics
later on the spectators cheered him.
The house was in an uproar in the
fourth round, when Young was hang
in? on after a slugging match. Just
as the bell rang he was staggered with
a right to the head.
Robert Lundie was given the decision
over R.obert Cairns after four hard
fought rounds. Lundie was after his
man throughout, and proved the
cleaner hitter of the pair. He came up
the fresher fcr the fourth round and
hustled Cairns about the ring. He
showed sufficient lead to warrant the
SIGHTS VESSEL
IN DISTRESS
Captain of Bark Thistle
Reports Seeing Schooner
With Ensign Eeversed
Special Disiatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 27. — Cap
tain England of the British bark
Thistle, which arrived at Astoria this
evening from San Francisco, reports
sighting a lumber-laden steam
schooner, evidently one of the Dollar
boats, in distress at 1 o'clock this af
ternoon twenty miles southwest of
Tillamook Rock. When first seen the
schooner's ensign was flying upside
down. The bark ran close by, and the
steamer put up a red flag, which Cap
tain England thinks had an "S" in the
center. This is supposed to be the
Dollar sign, which is the insignia, of
the Dollar line of steamships.
From Captain England's descrip
tion of the schooner, she is supposed to
be the Rival, which sailed from Shoal
v.-ater bay yesterday. She was under
sail ar_d her engines were not working.
About an hour after sighting the dis
abled craft the Thistle sighted a larger
steam schooner, probably the Aberdeen.
Captain England sispaled the position
of the disabled vessel and the Aberdeen
will probably order the necessary as
sistance.
A dispatch just received from Tilla
tr.ook says a steamer is sending up dis
tress signals off the heads.
According to the census there are In
the United States 7399 women physi
cians and surgeons.'
THE SAN FR.\NCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1901.
judges giving him the decision on
points.
Harry Chester plucked victory from
what seemed utter defeat in the light
heavy-weight class. He met Frank
Smith, who had all the best of the
first round. He knocked Chester down
with a straight right to the head and
repeated this early in the second
round. This roused Chester to action
and he had Smith beaten before the
end of the round. He outgamed him
in the third round and gained a popu
lar victory. x
Sam Berger had an easy time in the
heavy-weight class. He quickly out
feinted Jack Sullivan and knocked him
down three times in the first round,
punishing him severely about the
body. Referee. Graney then stopped
the unequal battle and gave the deci
sion in Berger's favor.
The referee also stopped the bout
between Tom McGreal and Al Young
in the middle-weight class. It was
Young's second appearance and aa he
was being severely punished Graney
thought best to stop it. Both boxers
were using rough tactics.
George Finnegan, the bantam cham
pion, knocked Jack Lenahan down
three times In the first round and then
Eddie Graney stopped proceedings.
Finnegan is a sturdy little fellow, with
tremendous hitting powers. Lenahan.
who is a slim slip of a boy, seemed the
most popular boxer in the tournament.
When he fills out he will take some
stopping.
Harry Tenny punished Eddie Car
roll severely in the final bout in the
feather-weight class. Carroll was
knocked down several times, but
bounded up like a rubber ball. He
proved game and was still full of fight
at the end of the third round.
The tournament was a marked suc
cess in every particular. There were
a number of sensational bouts each
evening. The big gymnasium was
packed to its capacity last night and
the spectators applauded each fine bit
of work.
CITY GOLFERS COMPETE
OX HOOF-SCARRED LINKS
Fifteen Men Return Scores In Qualify
in? Round of a Handicap
Match Contest.
Eighteen competitors entered the
I qualifying- round, over eighteen holes,
medal play, on the links of the San
Francisco Golf Club yesterday, but
only fifteen of these made returns. The
course was scarred with long lines
made by the wheels of artillery and
with the hoof marks of cavalry horses.
On account of the condition of the
fair green players were permitted,
rrhen the ball fell into a bad lie, to
lift w'thout penalty and tee wherever
possible at e point not nearer to the
putting green than the original lie.
The scores are shown in the table:
sr !: = :| z
- » 1 5 ~
COJfPETITORS. S" c " - :
£ = ; 3 ;
*• r* ; 7
S. L. Abbot Jr. 45 | 44 I 89 3 S3
R. I. B^ntley 45 50 | 93 8 S7
L. F. MontMigle 52 | 47 90 12 87
Rolla V. Watt 51 49 100 12 S8
H. M. Hoyt 47 45 02 4 8S
"W. J. Dutton 5« 49 105 18 S9
R. G. Hanrord 49 48 97 8 S3
Warren Gregory 51 45 96 t> 90
G. E. Starr....' 48 48 94 3 91
8. G. Buckbe.- 56 52 108 16 92
Dr. T. G. McConkey... 51 43 94 4 02
R. J. Woods 54 52 106. 12 94
R. D. Girvin 54 55 .09 14 95
P«rry Eyre 50 53 103 6 97
A. S. LIUey 50 56 jlOti « 100
Reginald White, handicap 12;
Worthington Ames, R. G. Brown and
others did not return their scores. On
account of the bad condition of the
course the scores tended to be high.
AH" the fifteen who returned scores
qualified for the match play, in which
the players will receive the same han
dicaps as in the qualifying round. They'
are matched against each other in the,
first round as follows:
S. L. Abbot Jr. against Warren
Gregory.
L. F. Monteagle against G. E. Starr.
R. I. Bentley against Dr. T. G. Mc-
Conkey.
K. M. Hoyt against S. G. Buckbee.
Rolla V. Watt against R. J. Woods.
R. G. Hanford against R. D. Girvin.
W. J. Dutton against Perry Eyre.
A. S. Lilley a bye.
Each round must be completed
within four days. It Is likely that
several of the matches will be played
to-day.
Robert Johnstone. the professional
of the San Francisco Golf Club, starts
to-morrow for Los Angeles, where he
will compete for the open champion
ship of Southern California on the
links of the Country Club on March 4
and 5.
OHIO DEMOCRATS NAME
TWO MEN FOR CONGRESS
WARREN, Ohio. Feb. 27.— Two Con
gressional conventions were held here
to-day by Democrats representing:, the
Nineteenth District. At the regular
convention Charles McCormick of Ak
ron was nominated for Congress. At
the second convention, composed of
delegates dissatisfied with the action
of the first gathering, W. T. Vaughan
of Akron was nominated for Congress
and opposition was expressed toward
any indorsement of W. R. Hearst as
Democratic candidate for the Presi
dency..
MONROE WHIPS
TOM SHARKEY
Has the Rough-House Sailor
Groggy at Close of Six-
Round Go in Philadelphia
MIXER IS NOT DAMAGED
Butte Man Goes to Floor in
First, but Keeps a Strong
Lead During Last Five
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 27.— Jack
Munroe outfought Tom Sharkey in
their six-round bout at the Second
Regiment Armory in this city to-night.
Munroe stepped from the ring without
a mark, while both of Sharkey's eyes
were badly swollen from vicious right
and left swings of the Butte miner. In
only one round, the first, did Sharkey
have any advantage over Munroe.
After this the battle waa almost wholly
in Munroe's favor. When Munroe be
gan to find the sailor's stomach
Sharkey became wild, and nearly all
of his leads went around Munroe's
neck. In the fifth round Munroe had
his antagonist in trouble, and again in
the sixth round Sharkey was in dis
tress. The blows Munroe landed on
Sharkey's stomach went straight from
the shoulder and were hard enough to
have knocked out almost any fighter.
Toe general opinion seems to be that
Jeffries will now be called upon to de
fend the championship against Munroe.
Sharkey entered the ring at 10 o'clock.
He was given a tremendous cheer by
the great crowd present. Munroe ap
peared ten minutes later. He was well
received. The fight was Marquis of
Queensberry rules, six rounds, 75 per
cent of the gross receipts to be divided
between the two men, "a per cent to the
winner and 23 per cent to the loser. No
decision was to be given. Both men
were in first-class condition.
31UXROE GOES DOWX.
Round 1— Sharkey led and missed. '
ilunroe landed a left blow on Sharkey's
ribs and the latter fell through the
ropes, but did not land on the floor. ;
Sharkey landed right on stomach, and \
Munroe a left to Sharkey's wind. :
Sharkey missed a left and then the men !
clinched. They sparred for an opening I
and in a rush Munroe slipped and fell
to the floor. Sharkey missed a left j
swing and Munroe missed a right.
Munroe drove left to Sharkey's nose
and right to stomach and got away
without return. Sharkey missed a left |
swing and then landed a right on Mun
roe's jaw, sending him to the floor.
When they came up Munroe clinched
to save himself. Sharkey landed an
other left to the Jaw. which bewildered
Munroe. The men were clinched at the
belL This was Sharkey's round.
Round 2— Sharkey landed a vicious
blow over Munroe's stomach. They
sparred a moment and then Sharkey
landed right on Munroe's stomach
again. Munroe tried right for Sharkey'3
head, but missed. Sharkey landed a
light left on Munroe's stomach and then
slipped to the floor. Munroe tried a
left, but Sharkey stepped inside and
landed a light left to the stomach. The
men rushed to a clinch without dam
age. Munroe landed a hard right on
Sharkey's stomach, and a moment later
repeated it.
Round 3 — Sharkey led with a swing
with the left and missed. Munroe
landed hard right on stomach. The
men rushed to a clinch and Munroe
landed a left on Sharkey's stomach.
The men sparred a second and then
Sharkey landed lightly on Munroe's
wind. Sharkey rushed, but Munroe
met him with hard right on the wind.
Sharkey was short with right and
Munroe countered with right to the
wind. Munroe staggered Sharkey
with straight left to the chin. Sharkey
rushed in, but Munroe met him with
right to wind. Sharkey was wild.
Munroe missed left for head but land
ed right to the wind.
Round 4 — Munroe landed right to
Sharkey's wind and the latter clinched.
They sparred for a moment and then
rushed Into another clinch. Sharkey
missed a right and Munroe landed
right on Sharkey'3 wind. Sharkey
missed right to stomach and Munroe
drove left to the sailor's wind. Shar
key landed a right on Munroe's stom
ach and the men clinched. Munroe
landed light left on Sharkey's face and
right to stomach. Sharkey's right
went around Munroe's neck without
damage. Munroe pushed his left to
Sharkey's nose, getting away without
a return. Munroe landed another left
.on Sharkey's face and the latter
slipped to the floor. Munroe landed
hard right on Sharkey's stomach and
the latter looked pained. There was a
sickening expression on his face.
They were clinched at the bell.
SHARKEY IS GROGGY.
Round 5 — Sharkey missed a right
swing and the men clinched. Munroe
landed light left and they clinched.
When they broke away Sharkey tried
a left for the head, but was short.
They came together and Munroe land
ed left on Sharkey's wind. He missed
right for the same point a moment
later. The men rushed together, each
landing a hard right on" the stomach.
Munroe landed a vicious right on
Sharkey's eye, drawing the blood. A
moment later Munroe landed a hard
left on the stomach, forcing Sharkey
to clinch. Sharkey tried right for the
stomach but missed and Munroe miss
ed a left at the same point. ■_ The men
were sparring when the gong sounded-
Round 6 — The men rushed to a
clinch. Munroe landed a right on
Sharkey's stomach and Sharkey's left
went around Munroe's neck. Munroe
drove hard right to Sharkey's wind
and pushed his head back with a left.
Sharkey landed a left on Munroe's
head, but missed a right for the same
place a moment later. Munroe land
ed hard left on Sharkeys' jaw and, the
latter looked worried. Sharkey ; land
ed a right on Munroe's wind and 'the
latter opened Sharkey's eye with a
vicious left. Sharkey was holding on-
He was groggy and held on to save
himself. Munroe landed hard ■ right on
Sharkey's stomach and the latter land-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[BUHHlHBHaBaSSBBHHHBaUBHaUBMMBMmHUBBUBraaBMHBBflmai
I /Men! Look Here! I
| Vj ■ DO YOU SUFFER FR0H I
| Jtea If SS* Lost Strength §
i lUlt^ir^. • HI X^x^^ Nervous Debility, Varicocele, ■
i TJiif$p&SJ/ // Early Decay and Waste of \
j >&^^ ant * F° rev er Cured by the ■
' ffiM! \\ M^ DR * ncLAU G 9L *N'S Electric Belt, With jj
i iHtt| \ % H Free Electric Suspensory for Weak Men !
I Jil§ill«p|s. \V \t\\fWk This EIectric Suspensory carries the current direct to the weak parts q
' 1^^ an<^ cures all weakness of men. varicccele, etc. It develops ar.d ex- 0
1 pands all weak organs and checks unnatural drains. No case o£ Failing j
f^^a^¥^wS^I^ i e5?'i Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can resist the powerful Electric Suspen- g
I faiiiri wBffi^™^^* \* sory. It never fails to cure. It is free with Belts for weak men. *
' W&k iHvyi J / l&tsk * S| *° rnan 5 " ou^ b £ w:a^' no ir ' an should softer the loss of that vita! I
fc^'^HPf«Sl element which renders life worth living. N'o man should allow hunself to ■
i BJrAmgaa— /egfE* becorne less a man than nature intended him; no man should suffer for jj
I V^* IISsSS^S ilmPgl l^ e s ' ns °^ k'* s youth, when there is at hand a ceriam cure for his weak- E
I ii^x^-\ ness, a check to his wast; of power. g
' //MBW^m ir\F$//k& Most of the pair.5. most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain g
' //BmSi&M Jl^i[y?A$. anc * nerve5 - i>°™ which men suffer, are due to an ear'y loss of nature's 0
' I 1 5 HHHl /I !$%&' reserve power through mistakes of youth. You need not surfer for this. II
I //M l|Sr , 4* Kjl^p ou can b fi restored. The very element which you have lost you can B
J If Q B^ly I'Jk. "lifr'i' * et back, and you may be as happy as any man tha: lives. j
I (J l&& l^iHa. W'fiffl y Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspensory (free'*, will re- j
i 'B' I BB&& V%% store your power. It will check all unnatural drains ar.d g:ve back th; q
! M y/m&fl5&4 f#^N.c-. Mr - w - L*J«*. R^ Bluff. Cai.. sa.r»: Yrur b«:t f '.•••-* p«rf--rt »v.!»- JJ
1 l\\ -yJBijaigjjr rf'/////(^'''j-?T£ :: \ faction in ev»ry way. After having wora th» appUa^c? cc:y a. rr~-i>. I *rs I
| \ if / - ~Afff^ !l $ffi This drain on your power causes Kidney Trouble. Rheo- E
I Jt if J&£&i mattsm and Stomach Ailments. You know i: i* a loss of g
j / U /^"•SaBa *<'jf,£^Lj~' vital power and affects every organ c: the body. Most of :'.:e q
I V^ \j^^^^' : 00ff-l' l '^i^' ailments from which men suffer can be traced to ::. D
| jujj* .iSi"— r ' *$*•*"' I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the 5
! f ~ MI ™- i • "+^% tt ? savings of years in useless doctoring. £
! My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go cured. IVe cured thousands. and_ every man of I
to bed; you fee! the glowing heat from it (no them. is a walking advertisement tor my Belt. B
I sting or burn as in old style belts), and you feel Every man who ever used it recommends it, g
I the nerves tingle with the new life flowing into because it is honest. It does great work, and those o
I them. You get up in the morning feeling like a whom I have cured are the more grateful because n
I two-year-old. ' tile cure cost so IittIe - °
' o. t. Kins. Fresno. Cai., writes: I used your belt far tra Every man who uses niy Belt gets the advice and J
I we-ks and am yiad to tell you that Jt cured me ot l*n»* e *£*- cntmsel nf a nhvsirian fr^ T invf vnn all fV 2 * Z
i kidney and bladder trouble. I ana now sound aad well, la p«r- ccruuaci 01 a pnysicia.il irec 1 give you au 1..3.. g
I fe«t health and wei s h more than i ever did. My appetite n any medical man can give you, and a lot that he H
tetter than tt ha« been for years. Tour belt is all and more fan > £
tSan you clalni tt to be. *"*" ~ j|
kn old man of ;o says he feels as strong and Try my Belt. Write me to-day for my beauti- g
young as he did at 35. That shows it renews the fully illustrated book with cuts showing how my j
" vliror of youth. ~ Belt is applied, and lots of good reading for men g
I It cures Rheumatism, Sciatic Pains, Lumbago, who want to be "The Noblest Work of God," A Q
I Kidney Trouble. It banishes pain in a night, never MAN. Inclose this ad. and I will send this book, ■
\ to return. sealed, free. jj
E. B. Miller. Crompton avenue. Lo» Angeles. Cai., writes: I__ __ _ —«rw. 'SJ"J^.'-1'Z -_ _
J have used your ht»h-irrade b*lt for two months for lame back. TlTl JkM /» fM T 1 111*01 IVT E
I rheumatism and weakened nerves and am now a well man. I I 11/ If I I If I 1*1 A I I I ti "
j have yained overall DOMnds In w.zt-.z ind fe-l aa stron* and I f II Ifl. W* 1 1 ! W 1^ M 3 J I I 1 j 1 1 1 ■
j hearty as I ever did. All my friends acknowledge that I have A^X*.« IF At W» lliVlillU Ulllill 1 «|
I had a miraculous cure, as I wa« almost a wreck when I bsyaa ...,—, — *, . — "« □
to •_ the b«it. 906 Market Street, San Francisco, CaL j,
, What ails you? Write and tell me, and no Sea tae Otflce. 10s Coiusxbia street: Lo« Aa««. a. 120 Soots Ssrta* ■
j matter where you are, I think I can give you the stre«t. g
I address of some one in your town that I have never sold bt drug store3 on agents. B
[■■■■■■■aMBWaWggBWWMMWWBBM ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■—■■■■
Cleanliness / *?£} A^l Purity
The home of Mar- '.- -.'/ Ask for Mar-
quette Whiskey is a : . :":\Jwfr YV^ quette Whiskey
model for cleanliness P-::^wtf/ \|ftl )}' when you want
and care Every floor, I good whiskev
wall, tub and vat is \0-:&<i \^&*^-Z/"^rl 7 . . .
scrubbed and cleaned <;0H rfTT -pure, high-
constantly— no careful M nCI' l\H8 grade whiskey.
housewife's M^ Sg$! ' [MM WhSn y0U fed ths
kitchen is more S jSrl )l j|$f| need of a stimulant,
clean. f jjM I | I WSi or wnen your folks
I Even the air \v Jm | I # |^ are ill and need a little
that is used for \^^M I if '0M whiskey, ask for Mar-
mixing and agi- pg§|H I I LjM quette and you will
tatmg is drawn from . : S£J*§§W f 0 ISP v :;^ r 2
the roof of 'a seven- f f I ffrpfr SUre y ° U Uke no
story building and fil- vV-;>^SjL ,^«%*?3'^ chance when you in-
tered three times be- ;Sj^!5wOTt?i@ sist on Marquette. The
fore it reaches the vat. '&&£?a PrJ^^S fQI*: i_- t ?.,
The whiskev is '00^-^-rr^r00§m^ pjv whiskey of the home.
doubly filtered. The rf£^*. ■ ■ ■ v^^^^^-. . '^
bottles are put through &%** ll ! l ' fl .- '?' . s^'!?J'^T^»%kJ OrOfflffleS & Ullrich
a cleaning process. &£ -..-.}.^^^m | D «m«.
that makes impurity ->r^» ..-. ■...■.-.&?&& cmie^o. nuaou.
impossible Not a I
speck of dirt or a par- mi - V^m a Snoflfl=Patrick
tide of impurity can g"^ '^ n -^ Jpuuu rdirm
be in Marquette, so U® ga<t<i<s Q Company
great is the care exer- i i
cised in its production. statue a jum mwiti «T
Police Defeat Guardsmen. |
By a score of 553 to 440 the Police
Department team defeated the team ■
from the First Regiment, N. G. C,
Band yesterday in a" match shoot at [
Shell Mcrund Park for a silver cup. j The
bluecoats, under command of Sergeant
Helms, used 45-caliber Smith & Wes
son revolvers and their opponents at
tempted to^ mutilate the bullseye with
3S-callber Colt's regulation array pis
tols. The shooting was at 50 yards, and
each man was allowec twenty shots.
Since Sergeant Helms has been in com
mand of the -police sharpsnooters they
have won five out of seven matches.
Following is the score:
Police team— W. R. Proll 95, C E.
Fennell 92, H. H. Christiansen 32, W.
W. Wilson 93, S. Carr 93, John E. Do-
Ian S3.
Band team— H. Payson 71, F. Griffiths
74. W. E. Wagner 76," C. W. Hollister
69, F. E. Holmes 77, C. E. Adams 73. [
CARACAS. Venezuela; Thursday. Feb. i". — ;
Two British squadrons, commanded by two
admirals and composed of six battleships and
six cruiser% and manned by 6200 men, have
anchored oft La Cuaira. The officers subse
quently visited Caracas.
BREVS ' CMFWYP-
ed a light left on Munroe's head. The
latter slipped to the floor. Sharkey
led but missed and Monroe landed
hard left on Sh'ariey's wind- The
men were 'sparring aa ■ the gong
sounded. ._
BOT INJURED BT AX ELEVATOR.—Ed
ward Kuckein. a toy of 12 years residing at
9<S1 Golden Gate avenue, was severely Injured
in an elevator accident yesterday at tb«
PToneer Automobile Repository ea the same
4 venue. His l*g was caught between the mov
ing-' case and the sill of the well. H« will
probably lose his leg. He was taken to the
German Hospital. He was so excited by his
sufferings that he was unable t- give a ca
berent account cZ how the accident happened.
ADVEBTISE3EENTS.
AfiERIofkN
Jjw CLEAR HAVANA®
fSj The Smoothest fB^
ijjp Smoke Sold l||l
j||p' Chas. Mattheas & Co. 'Si
HOSPITAL STEWABDS SrS?EN*T>— Orfrf
Surgeon Braciett ot the Enxrx«3cy Ha»pita!
yesterday suspended two of hla nl*ht atowaxtfs
— J. Paierson aad Homer Hayes — for neslaet
of duty. Paterson l«?t the hospital at 13
o'clock midnight, hia hour far qulttia* work,
without waltisz until tls relief, w&o en thii
occasion was Hayes. Hayes' tardiness left
the hospital cce steward shsrC Bath mea
will have to answer befsre the Board o£ Heal&k
at i:s next xaeetirs.
3738
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CORSET DISPUTE
PUZZLES COURT
Justice Tappan Listens to
Testimony Given by Stout
Women and Lighter Ones
REACHES NO DECISION
Continues Hearing of Case
That More Feminine Ex
perts May Be Examined
ALAMEDA Feb. 27. — Corpulent
forms and corsets that wouldn't fit
vere exploited at length during the
testimony taken to-day by City Jus
tice TL B. Tappan In the case of Mrs.
S. E. Eibes. a maker of corsets,
s gainst Mrs. Francis Blanchard to re
rover $7 £0 fcr a corset built for the
last named, but which ehe refused
to accept, claiming that It was not
constructed according to the plans and
Fpeciflcations agreed upon, and that it
would prove a "death trap" if she got
- -
into it.
It w*s brought out in the hearing
that tbe defendant weighed 215 pounds,
and that It was necessary for her to
have her corsets constructed to order
to better insure comfort to the wearer
s cd improve the appearance of her
form.
"When I first received this corset,"
testified Mrs. Blanchard, as she held
up the article so that the court could
eee it. "I knew right away that it was
rot made cs I had ordered it. There
■was no rubber band at the bottom and
the "spoons' were too close together. It
would have been a death trap for me
if I put it on, and I am satisfied that
I can buy a corset for 51 50 that would
fit my form better and afford me more
comfort than this one."
"Why, I have supplied the same pat
trrn of corsets to a number of fat
•women living on San Antonio avenue,
and they have all been' pleased with
them," said Mrs. Eibes in replying to
Mrs. Blanohard s statement. "At the
#nd of a year's wear these women have
bee,n. greatly reduced and are nice. and
Fhapely. The reason for putting on
rubber bands at the lower part of the
t onset is to compress the hips and im
prove the contuor of the waist. We
never put on these bands unless or
dered, as we find that the corset can
be compressed enough by tight lacing."
Mrs. L. B. McClure, a friend of Mrs.
Blanchard, and who. acknowledged
that she wor* corsets and was quali
fied to tell a comfortable one when she
taw it. was called to the stand and
caid:
"I saw the corset in dispute before
Mrs. Blanchard received it and said to
Mrs. W. M. Thompson. "Mrs. Blanch;
ard will never put that on, as It is not
comfortable for a woman of her
After listening to further testimony
£nd arguments by Attorney A. F. St.
. c ure for the defendant and Attorne>
O. G." Hoaton for the plaintiff. Justice
Tappan remarked:
"Well, there is more in these corset
cases than I over expected to find. 1
am unable to decide yet whether this
corset, was made as ordered or whether
5t will tit Mrs. Blanchard comfortably.
1 will continue the matter until next
Thursday for the purpose of securing
additional expert testimony."
RAILWAY CONDUCTORS
WILL MAKE MERRY
Third Annual Hall of the Order Will
Be Given at Maple Hall Next
Monday Evening.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27. — The commit
tees in charge of the ball to be given
next Monday evening by Division No.
S64, order of Railway Conductors,
have completed the arrangements for
the affair, which will be the third an
nual hall given by th<» local division.
In order to accommodate those who
live in Berkeley, Alameda and East
nnd West Oakland special cars will be
run to all these points from Twelfth
Ftreet and Broadway at the conclusion
of the ball. The committees in charge
of the affair are:
Arrangements — W. F. Heckre, L. L.
Stevens ?nd H. W. Moore.
Reception— Mrs. E. J. Burns. Mrs.
N. B. Allen. Mrs. A. Hughes, Mrs. E.
Kathburn. Mrs*. D. W. Nutting, George
McHugh. A. Hughes. L. W. Cummings.
I*. P. WylHe and B. Spicer.
Floor — E. W. Rivers, H. C. Watson,
p:. J. Burns. E. L. Bair. F. Ackerman,
H. A. Clark. James* Kilpatrick. H. C.
Hubbard. - W. V. Stafford and J. D.
MofJHt.
Sentenced for Simple Assault.
P. H. Hastings, who was awaiting
trial In Judge Dunne's court for an
essault with a deadly weapon, was al
lowed to plead guilty yesterday to sim
ple assault and was sentenced to serve
ihree months in the County Jail. On
November 15 he attempted to stab John
Davis, a sailor, at 22 East street with
a knife.
Consul for Bolivia.
Jofe Aguirre Acha has been appoint
ed Consul for Bolivia at this port.
NEW TORK. FeJ.. 27.— Mrs. P.ednaM C.
Vi-nderbllt. who ha« been in 111 'health for
rp\eral weeks. i« rej>orted to be on the road
In recover;-.
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
Ke.il This Order to Tie Saa rra.se ieco Call Wltfc 75c
Tbe San Francisco Call.
San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me ont
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sundav paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr
STATE
BITTER BATTLE
IS LOOKED FOR
Sugar King's Xephew Terms
Slander Suit Against Him
an Attempt at a Hold-Up
READY FOR LEGAL FIGHT
A. Havemeyer Denounces
Special Policeman Hitch
cock's Action for Damages
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadwav, Feb. 27.
There Is going to be a fight before
Special Policeman Hitchcock suc
ceeds In separating W. A. Havemeyer
from $25,000 or any part 6f the same
through the action begun In the
courts here yesterday, in which Hitch
cock asks that amount for alleged
slander. Hitchcock alleges that Have
meyer called him a thief in the pres
ence of witnesses and has slandered
him to such an extent that he has se
riously Injured his reputation. His
opponents state that Hitchcock, im
pressed with the'name of Havemeyer
and the amount of coin supposed to
be stacked up behind the nephew of
the great New York sugar king, is at
tempting a hold-up. Two of the best
known attorneys in this city have been
employed by the opposing parties and
it is believed that a three-ringed cir
cus tent would not cover the ground
to be torn up in the coming scrlm-
Havemeyer himself will say very lit
tle in regard to the matter and will
undertake no explanation in regard
to the occurrence that was the cause
of the hostilities. In an interview this
evening he said: "I do not care to
talk about the matter. I have em
ployed George. W. Reed as my attor
ney and outside of what he may wish
to make public I have nothing to say,"
"Would you. mind saying whether
you ever had any| trouble with Police
man Hitchcock?" was asked.
VI . do not care to state," was the
reply. I -. . -"•".;
, "Do you employ Hitchcock to patrol
your premises?" { .:-\}\- ... .-,.•''..
"He patrols in ; front of them," an
swered Havemeyer.
Attorney Reed, when asked in re
gard to the matter, said: '• "What my
client said to. Mr. Hitchcock he is
willing to stand for. What he said he
supposed he was saying to him as
man to man. Hitchcock says in his
complaint that he,- was called a thief
in the presence of G. M. Burnham
and Thomas O'Donnell. All that oc
curred took place at the residence of
Mr. Havemeyer at 173 Santa Rosa
avenue. If .those witnesses were there
my client kiiows nothing about it and
the men must have been hidden in
the shrubbery. What -one man says
to another is not libel. In this case
it looks like a hold-up." • •■ *'
• Attorney M. C. Chapman represents
Hitchcock.
OPEN PARLI/1ENT CLUB
DISCUSSES MORMONISM
Members of Y. M. C. A. Talk of Seat
his of Senw tor- Elect Smoot.
Sacred Concert.
OAKLAND. Feb. 27. — "Christianity
and Mormonism" was the topic of the
weekly discussion of the Open Parlia
ment Club of the Union Men's Chris
tian Association to-day, special refer
ence being made to the seating of
Senator-elect Smoot of Utah.
A sacred concert will be given by
the association orchestra under the di
rection of Miss Winifred June Morgan
at 3:30 p. m. to-morrow in the Y. M.
C. A. auditorium. Following is the
programme.
Hymn; psalm and prayer, Rev.
Charles T. Walkley; "Marche Ponti
flcale" (Hardy), by the orchestra;
viola solo, largo from "Merschbilder"
(Schumann). Eugene. Colley; "Hearts
and Flowers," by the orchestra; clari
net solo, with orchestra, "For all Eter
nity," Henry Leber; barytone solo. "To
Paradise" (Robert C. Ross), Lowell
Redfield. orchestral accompaniment;
trombone solo, with orchestra. "O
Shining Light." Bert T. MacBain; of
fertory. "Feast of Lantern" (Bennett),
by the orchestra; cello solo, "Ro
mance" (Lopper). William Leimert:
paraphrase of "Nearer, ■ My God, to
Thee," by the orchestra; flute solo,
selected, Charles Neale; sextet from
"Lucia di Lainmermoor." by the or
chestra; contralto solo, "O Divine Re
deemer." Miss Ruth Waterman, violin
obligato by Miss Winifred June Mor
gan; national airs, by the orchestra.
Marrinjje Licenses.
OAKLAND. Feb. 27. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: William
Gifford. 40. San Francisco, and Evelyn
Barnum. 33, Stockton; Frank C. Lib
by. 21, and Alice K. Green. 18. both
of Oakland: Edward A. Noble, ov'er
21. Danville. Contra Costa County,
and Bertha Schultz, over . 18, San
Francisco; William L. Todd. 33, and
Clothilde K. Estudillo, 21, both of
Oakland: Giuseppe Borgno, 34. and
Lizzie Jurss. 27, both of Oakland:
Theodore Schwindelauf, 26, Oakland,'
and Freda Bourner, IS, -San Francis
co; Henry W. Attenborough, 37. and
Susie Leathorn, 30, both of San Fran
cisco.
;tHE5 SAN. FRANCLSCO: CALL, .SUNDAY, FEBRUARY, 2S, , 1904.
STATIONS WIN
FIRST VICTORS
Defeat of Secretary Wilson's
Pleasure Brings Rejpic
ing at the University
BARD CARRIES THE DAY
Clause in the Agricultural
Appropriation Bill Threat
ens Life of the College
Berkeley Office San, Francisco Call,
2118 Center Street, Feb. 27.
Through the rejection by the Senate
in Washington yesterday of the
clause in the agricultural ap
propriation bill practically hand
ing over to the Secretary of Ag
riculture supreme control of the agri
cultural stations, the allied-agricultur
al stations of the country, won their
first brush with Secretary James Wil
son. The news was received with un
disguised satisfaction at the Univer
sity of California, as it was fully
recognized there that the agricultural
college had had a narrow escape from
being absorbed by the United States
Department of Agriculture.
The objectionable clause is an in
nocently couched thing that would de
ceive any one "riot" familiar with the
legislative coast. Apparently it would
eimply assist in systematizing the ag
ricultural investigations qf the coun
try, but in reality it would give the
Secretary of Agriculture absolute con
trol of the stations. It reads:
"The Secretary of Agriculture Is
hereby authorized and directed to co
ordinate the work of the several sta
tions with the Department of Agri
culture, to the end of preventipg un
necessary duplication of work, . of In
creaplns the efficiency of the stations
and the Department' of Agriculture,
and to unify and systematize agricul
tural investigations, in the United
States." ;'fv.:', f; : * ;^;.'
' The heads tof the stations everywhere
took up arms against this measure and
fought it* bitterly.' Professor E. W.
Hilgard of the department
of the university did his share of the
work by addressing Senators-Bard and
Perkins, and if was Senator Bard who
succeeded •' irv-' haviiig' the clause
stricken out yesterday. ■* " ; ' •:
Skid' Dr. Hilfcard to-day: .
"I, suppose .now that. .Secretary Wil-
son will oppose .the Adams bill now
pending before tli^ Hotlse.' .It calls for
an increase in the '• appropriation ; for
agricultural stations from.; $15,000 to
53O'OOO." ' "--■■-. ' f. ~?:\ ; . :; -
The Adams bill is receiving the sup
port of agriculturists allore'r the" "Unit
ed States, but it is likely to die a
natural death, as -influences are at
work, so Dr.'HHgard says, that will
prevent it ever reaching the Senate. v "
COSMOS CLUB HONORS >(
• MEMORY. OF WASHINGTON
Annual Dinner Brines Together a
Lnrse. Company in Handsomely .
Decorated Clubhouse.
The Cosmos Club celebrated Wash
ington's birthday by giving the cus
tomary dinner at the clubhouse last
night. The decorations of the club
and dining-hall were placed -entirely
under the, supervision of Rear Admiral
O. W. Farenholt, United States Navy.
Henry Eickhoff was- master of cere
monies and introduced the different
speakers. .Admiral Farenholt, in re
plying to the toast "The Navy," made
the star speech of the evening. Major
Willis Dodd was very happy in his re
marks for the army, and Fred Myrtle
gave an interesting dissertation on club
life
Those present were:
O. W. Farenholt, H. A. Frederick,
George H. Sniitn,' C. H. Maddox, L.J,
Hart, E. Peterson, C. H. Hilbert, N. A.
Judd, Frank L Jeffrey, H. A. Markey,
Charles E. Miller. Eugene T. Wilson,
W. G. Richardson, James M. Allen, H.
C- Stratton, George^ P. Beardsley Jr.,
A. E. Phelan. J. Wilson Shiels, W. F.
Bowers, .H. de C. Richards, J. Henry
Barbat, George C. Farrell, W. G. Lodd,
P. G. Eastwick Jr., Henry Eickhoff, E.
R. Ellis, Thomas Godwin, P. K. Gor
don, E. J. .Vogel, Frank L. Brown, L.
VV. Setly. A. B. Grosse, Fred S. Myr
tle, Charles A. Leo, A. B. Bowers,- T.
B. Lyman. Fred Ward. WJUiam L.
Hughson, E. T. Cahill, H. C. Garner,
E. T. Niebling, C. R. Cheney, George
R. Hoyt; William W. Taylor, U. S. A.;
M. C. Foote, U. S. A., and W. T. Con
way. U. B- A. ;' T*
BRITISH-AMERICANS MEET
AROUND BANQUET BOARD
Mnny Prominent People Gather ns
Guests of Ujilon at :i Down-
Town. -Restaurant,. - ..
The British-American Union held a
banquet last night at a downtown
restaurant. A number of prominent
members and men of note from the
city were present and an excellent
time was enjoyed. The Alcazar Quar 7
tet, composed of Charles O. Henley,
Alfred McMMian, Walter Ktiiess, and
Paul Lisda, rendered .several fine se
lections under the leadership of
Charles Henley. ■ i.
The following was the programme
as rendered:
Introductory remark*. .Frederick .W. d'Eve
lyn. president BrltUh and American' Union;
w Th* President cf th* United States," Court
nay W. Bennett. H. B. M.'« Consul General;
"Th« K'.nr." Rev. William Rader, San Fran
cltico: •'United States of America," Tallestn
Evan* K«f«.; Snn Francisco Chronicle; "The
British Kmplre;" Arthur R. Hrlsccs Esq.. Cali
fornia State Board of Trade: "The British and
American Ur.lon of San F ranclsco.V T. C.
West Esq., attorney-at-law; "BritUh and
American Arbitration." D. Edward , Collins
Eei., president California Bank, Oakland; "The
PreEa." John McN'aught Esq.. manager San
Francisco Call; "Our Visitors." E. K.'John
ston Esq.. editor Mercury-Herald. San Jose.
Pythians' tit Home.
Myrtle Lodge. Knights of Pythias,
has arranged for a novel "at home", to
its members and ladles In. Pythian Cas
tle on next Tuesday evening. The com
mittee.having the matter iri charge an
nounces that this will surpass' anything
in that line ever undertaken by the
lodge. - ' { ->V •
WASHINGTON. . Feb. 27.— The Navy De
partment has. at last -decided- to furnish the
libraries of - natal ships and' stations with
copies of John I>. Emmie's • work entitled "The
New American Navy."
INITIAL STEP
TOWARD RELIEF
Judge Hall Recommits Ten
Patients to the Home for
FeebleMinded at Glen Ellen
HARMLESSLY INSANE
System of Handling Those
Mildly Deranged Will Be
Improved by Lunacy Board
Oakland Office San 'Francisco Call,
6, -Hill 8 Broadway, Feb. 27.
The second step in the move to clear
the State Hospitals for the Insane of
all those patients which can be classed
as the harmless insane and put the en
tire system of committing patients to
these institutions on a better basis
was taken this evening, when Judge S.
P. Hall made an order recommitting
ten patients from this county to the
Feeble-Minded Home at Glen Ellen.
In explanation of this action Attor
ney John W. Stetson of the State
Board of Lunacy Commissioners said
in an interview:
•'According to the law-prior to 1898
it was not made compulsory for coun
ties to bear the expense of the patients
sent to the State asylums. Things
have become very' much tangled and
the Lunacy Commissioners are making
a move to putthe entire system on a
better basis. To this end those pa
tients sent from Alameda County to
the Cleft Ellen Home prior to the pas
sage of the recent law were recom
mitted to that hospital to-day. From
now oh the State will collect $10 a
month from this county for the pa
tients sent to the home. This proce
dure will be pursued with every coun
ty in the State. :
"Much criticism has been expended
upon the method of conducting these
institutions and it is purposed to do
away with much of the ground . for
complaint. In the first place the num
ber of harmless insane in these hospi
tals runs up into the hundreds. The
State asylums are not for such as
these. Then there are a great many
free patients whose families are well
able to pay for their support. The
State! intends hereafter to collect for
these patients from the counties from
which they came, and it wiir be up to
the county officers to get the money
for their' support from the family of
the ositlent. £ '■
" y'This is only the beginning of a gen
er.il movement which will extend all
over the' State. '■ The commission be
lieves that the State asylums are large
\«riough to accommodate all the; pa
tients that it is necessary to' confine,
Ibut there is to be a general weeding
"out of the harmless ones, whose
• proper home is. the poor farm';". -.
£>".The necessary order made by Judge
Hall. was the outcome of a conference
between him. Superintendent -'Dawson
of the Glen Eljen Home for Feeble
minded Children and Attorney Stetson
Of the Lunacy Board.
LONGSHOREMEN ARE
STILL- ON STRIKE
OAKLAND, Feb. 27. — The long
shoremen are still on strike at the
Humboldt, Pacific Coast and Bay
Shore Lumber companies' yards, but
have returned to work at -the Other
lumber yards affected, claiming that
the tallymen in those yards have come
to terms and joined the Lumber Hand
lers' Union.
There is a possibility that the strike
may be settled to-morrow morning,
as a committee from the Building
Trades Council will meet a like com
mittee from the Federated Trades
Council and an attempt will be made
to arbitrate the ' differences between
the Lumber Clerks' Union and the
Longshoremen's Union.
PLANS NEW THEATER
FOR ISLAND CITY
ALAMEDA. Feb. 27. — F. N. Dela
noy, a local business man, has nego
tiated a contract for the erection of
a theater in the rear of property own
ed by him on- the east side of Park
street, between Central and Alameda
avenues. The proposed playhouse
will be 50 by 100 feet und will be so
arranged as to comfortably accom
modate S00 persons. It will.be con
structed entirely of steel and iron and
will have four exits, all on a level with
the main auditorium. The main en
trance will be on Park street. ; Dela
noy states that work will be begun on
the theater in a few days.
GERMAN BARON ESCAPES
FROM CLUTCHES OF . BEAR
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Feb. 27.— It
transpires that the report regarding
the killing by a bear of Baron Martin
von Schlosser at Solduck Hot Springs
was entirely without foundation. Von
Schlosser arrived at Port Crescent to-,
day, alive and well.
An apparently reliable report was
received here Monday that Baron von
Schlosser, a German nobleman, had
been killed during «a fight with a bear
near Solduck. It .was also stated that
Von Schlosser had drafts on. his per
son, drawn on New York, Chicago and
Portland, Ore., banks for a sum ex
ceeding $100,000. ' ■
PERKINS WANTS COLLIER
BUILT AT SURE ISLAND
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.—Congress
man Needham to-day, by unanimous
consent, introduced and secured the
passage of a bill 'granting '.the .Pioneer
Mining - and Trading Company ;the
right to build a free bridge over Catella
Creek, ■ Alaska.
Senator Perkins has proposed &n
amendment to the naval appropriation,
bill requiring the building of one "of the
two colliers provided for. In the bill at
a naval station ' on the Pacific, coast, 1
.which would mean, if the. amendment
Is" adopted,': It would be built '■ at Mare
Island.
MAT TRANSFER
BENSON CASES
Representatives of Govern
ment Favor Suggestion of
the Defendant's Counsel
WILL RE CONVENIENCE
Accused Offers to .Surrender
to California Authorities
and Have Hearing Here
NEW YORK, Feb. 27. — The exami
nation of John A. Benson, charged by
the. Government with . bribing P.. A.
Harlan and S. A. Volk, clerks In the
Land Office at Washington,-, was .con
cluded to-day and a motion was made
by the counsel for the accused to dis
miss the charge. This motion was
based upon the evidence of Harlan
and Volk, both of whom testified that
the money Benson paid them had. been
for work and services rendered him in
1899 and not to divulge the result of
an examination made by the Land Of
fice of Benson's method of securing
titles to California and Oregon school
lands, as alleged by the Government.
United States Commissioner Shields
said in view of the evidence he would
read over the testimony and render a
decision later.
Evidence was taken on the second
charge, wherein Benson was charged,
together with Frederick A. Hyde of
San Francisco, with having conspired
to defraud the Government in securing
titles to school lands. Benson placed
in evidence his contract with Hyde
concerning the lands in question,
showing that Hyde had secured title
to the school lands before Benson be
came interested in the deal and that
Benson was only to profit through the
sale of the property.
Judge Campbell, representing the
accused, said that in view of the fact
that all of the Government's witnesses
were in California, it would be more
convenient for all concerned if the ex
amination were held there and offered
to surrender Benson to the California
authorities and then have the exami
nation in that State. Those represent
ing the Government said the sugges
tion would be acceptable and adjourn
ment- was taken until Tuesday to af
ford time to consult with the Wash
ington authorities. ,
DENIES HE GAINED
BY INFLUENCE
Dr.- Henry Welles Horn Says" He Did
Nothing to Win Old Lady's
Affection.
• OAKLAND. Fel). 27. — There was no
undue influence used withMrs. Ellen
B, Mus3er. to induce her to leave Dr.
Henry Welles Horn a fourth of her
estate, valued at. about $30,000, ac
cording to an answer filed by him in
the will contest to-day. In a petition
to have the will set aside Mrs.- Laura
Dodge and Mrs. Catherine" Colburn,
sisters of the deceased, state to the
court that the doctor caressed and
fondled. their sister while she was sick
in a sanitarium and being an old lady
67 years of age, she was won over by
his attentions. The two sisters were
only left S10 each.
Horn, in his answer filed to-day,
denies he was unduly affectionate to
ward Mrs. Musser or that his conduct
was in any way improper. He admits
that she made two -wills while In the
hospital, but asserts that it v/as of her
own accord and that nothing was done
to influence her In the disposition of
her property.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Feb. 27.— If it rains
Monday, the labor day celebration will
be postponed until a more propitious
occasion. This announcement was
made to-day by John A. Britton, act
ing president of the university, in the
absence cf. President Wheeler. • Uni
versity exercises In the Harmon gym
nasium will take the place of the labor
day exercises In case this action be
comes necessary.
The 'executive committee of the As
sociated Students. has decided that the
assistant coach for next year's football
eleven shall not receive a salary in ex
cess Of $500. Three assistant coaches
may be engaged at not more than J300
each. This decision will be sent to
Stanford in a few days by Frank
McConnell, "'OS, secretary of the com
mittee.
The Agricultural Club has elected
the following new officers: President,
Samuel Stow: vice "president, Miss
Alice R. Thompson; . secretary. Frank
Kellogg; treasurer. W. W. Bullock.
The club is preparing to make a num
ber of trips into the country for the
purpose of visiting ranches and dairies
and inspecting the. methods in actual
practice upon them. -V^
The university orchestra- will give
the concert, in the Greek Theater that
has so often been . postponed on ac
count of .rain, that is, unless it rains
again to-morrow. • .
Funeral of ,\V. E. Daruic Jr.
OAKLAND, Feb. 27. — The funeral
of William E. Dargie Jr.. who died at
the home of. his ' parents yesterday.
will be held Monday morning. Fam
ilyservfccs will be held at 9:30 a. m.
and at 10 o'clock public services will
be held at St. Francis de Sales Church,
where requiem high' mass will be cel
ebrated by the Rev. Father Sweeney.
The pallbearers "have not yet. been
named.
Trojans Win ; at Ruskctball.
BERKELEY. Feb.- 27. — The Trojan
basketball 'team of the Oakland Young
Men's Christian : Association defeated
the sophomore team of the university
after a lively garae'iri the Oaklanders'
gymnasium, the score being 13 to 12
in'the flirst'half and 28 to 25 at the
end. The teams were made up as fol
lows: i^SaSr
Trojans — Hugh V Corcoran. Vernon
Irwin, Steb _ Teal;. Dal ton McLeodj Har
old "Baker, ; Rolling Egerhoff. Sopho
mored-^-Gbldsmlth,'- J. - M. Ferguson, L.
P. Wherry. R. B." Baker. C. E. Keyes.
BILL FEARED
BY SUGAR MEN
Representatives of the Plant
ers Oppose Extension of
the New Shipping Rules
HAWAIIAXS INTERESTED
Aver Coastwise Law, if It
Includes Philippines, Will
Raise Rates on Commodity
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27.— Opposition
to the Frye And LIttlefleld bill extend
ing -the -coastwise laws of the United
States to the Philippines developed to
day in 'the hearing before the House
Committee on Merchant Marine and
Fisheries. W. C. Smith and "W. M.
Alexander, representing Hawaiian
sugar planters, made the statement
that the J32.000.000 invested in the sugar
industry in those islands earned only
JH00.000 last year. They believed that
if the coastwise laws of the United
States were extended to the Philippines
vessels in the Hawaiian trade would be
withdrawn and the freight rate on
sugar increased.
In answer, to this. Marvin, repre
senting the shipping interests, submit
ted a list of thirty-one American
steamships and 100 sailing vessels that
were available for the Philippine trade
and that were now engaged in the Ha
waiian trade. The committee was
asked to hear the cordage interests in
opposition to the matter at a later date.
CITY OFFICIALS INSPECT
THE ALCAZAR THEATER
3Iayor-nnd the Works' Commissione
Confer With City Architect Re
garding Important Alterations.
Mayor Schmitz, Commissioners of
Works Herbert Schmitz, Casey and
Woodward and City Architect Shea
made a visit of inspection to the Al
cazar Theater yesterday. Plans for
the remodeling of the interior of the
theater so as to. comply with .the
theater o'rdinance had been submitted
to the board by the architect of the
building, but they were considered un
satisfactory.
It was decided that the building
architect and City Architect Shea con
fer on the changes to be put into effect
In the inteVior construction, the plans
to be submitted by next Tuesday. It
is intended to build a slightly inclined
runway from the street line to the
theater proper and do away with the
existing stairs. More exits will be pro
vided and the aisles will be widened
so. that the theater will be made safe
in every -detail.
JUDGMENT GOES AGAINST • .
. - - PO1JCE.MAN IN LIBEL SUIT
Judge. Daniels Finds for Defendant,
Who Accused Peter Whnlen of Not
Paring Ufa Bills.
Justice of the Peace Daniels has
given judgment in favor of John Gue
tersloh, who was sued for libel by
Peter Whalen, a police officer. The
testimony disclosed that Guetersloh,
who keeps a grocery at 1632 Baker
street, accuscO Whalen publicly of not
paying his grocery bill. The accusa
tion was the culmination of a trouble
which involved Gutersloh's trial before
the Police Commission on the alleged
charge of selling liquors to minors.
Gueter3loh was cleared of the
charge, but blamed Whalen for his
trouble and stated at the time that if
he had a gun he would "finish"
Whalen. / Judge Daniels was con
strained to give judgment to Gueter
sloh in the libel suit because no evi
dence was adduced that Whalen had
paid the grocery bill, so Guetersloh's
assertion was apparently true.
SANTA CLARA'S SCHOOLS
PREPARING FOR ST. LOUIS
Pupils Arrnnsfns Fine Exhibition
Showing That County Possesses
Rare Educational Facilities- .
SAN JOSE, Feb. 27.— A fine educa
tional exhibit of Santa Clara County
for the St. Louis Exposition Is being
prepared. Every institution of learning
in the county will be represented. The
work is being done under the direction
of City Superintendent" Shumate and
County Superintendent Bateman and a
committee. The exhibit will be com
posed of views of the schools and the
work of the pupils.
A twelve-toot panoramic view of
Stanford University and a thirteen
foot panoramic view of Lick Observa
tory at Mount Hamilton are being
made by A. P. Hill, the artist. Besides
the panorama there will be groups of
views of all the buildings at Stanford
University. The State Normal School
of this city will also be represented in
panoramic views. Everything will be
included in the exhibit that will tend
to show the greatness of the educa
tional interests of this section.
FILIPINO WOMAN WILL.
; ,V FIGHT OFFICER'S PETITION
Lieutenant Sidney Bnrbank'8 Alleged
. Wife Secures Counsel to Defend
Her Against Soldier's Charge.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Feb. 27.—
Mrs. Concepcion Vasquez, the alleged
Filipino wife of Lieutenant Sidney Bur
bank, Sixth Infantry. U. S. A., has,
through the. War Department, retained
Attorney Neidling of this city to look
after he^ interests. To-day the attor
ney filed in the District Court a mo
ticn questioning the Jurisdiction of the
court to hear the case filed by Lieu
tenant Burbank September 27, 1903, ask
ing the court to set aside. and 'declare
null and void an application for a mar
riage license and a marriage certificate,
which the woman asserts prove that
she is the wife of the officer and that
he is the father of her child, a son.
Army Officers Approve of Hash.
•WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.— The com
missary general of the army is in re
ceipt of reports from subsistence offi
cers who had to do with the recent ex
periments with hash. Thereports were
nearly.- all llh~ approval of hash as an
army food.
x
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
J135 Park Street-
Telephone Eagle 502.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY. KEB. 28.
Thomas Yt. Brannan to Otto F. von Rh«ln.
lot on SE corner of Washington and PoU
streets. K ICO by ? 1C2:SV»; $10.
l;i:rabeth B. Fremont to Henry W. Bradley,
undivided one-quarter interest in lot en sw
ct.rner of Van Nets avenue and Lewis street,
W 400 by 275;. $10.
Honry W. Bradley to Annie I* and James c.
McKisstry. undivided one-sixth Interest In
same. $10.
Same to BeUey K. Bradley, undivided one
twelfth interest in same: $l'#
Almlra T. T>.. John D.. Franklin P.. How
ard C. and Jennie I). Sherwood to Hymajj an 1
Isaac Wolf, lot on S line of Ellis street, 25 W
of Oough. X9 Z2.lt by S 00: 110.
Hyman. Lena. Isaac and Lillle Wolf t ■> Will
iam Jchn. rame; $lo.
Goewt-y Estate Company to Frank L. Guntx.
lot on N line of Oak street. CO W of Lasr_ina.
W 77;6. N 120. E 52:«, S 4O. E 25. S 80; $10.
Annie S. Fretwell to Charles G. Ames, lot on
N Use of Green street. S7:tt E of FlUrnoie. t.
54 by N 137:6; $10.
Etme to L*ander 8. Sherman, lot en N Un«
of Green street. 142:8 E of Flllmore. W 1 by
N 137:6; $10.
Jacob and Man;areth» Lemer and Valentino
Weber to Conrad Gatxert, let on W line «•
FUlnvire street. ~.S N of Sutler. N ZZ by W
li": $10.
.Max Goldnerr to Martin H. WllVens. lot on
S line of O'Karr»U street. «7:« W of Pierce.
\V 25 by S 100; »1O.
Walter B. Cope to A. F. Morrison, lot on SK
corner of Baker and Broadway. S 137 :H by E
50; $10.
A. F. and May T. Morrison to Chart?"
Sehlessinrer. lot on SE corner of Bak-r an;
Broadway. E 50 by 3 137 :«: $10.
John E. and Leslie de Ruyler to same, sam«,
quitclaim deed. $lf».
Annie M. ami Christian Jorjrensen t» Lou:.«
Bout el lot en NE corner of Pine and Pr»s!ilU>
(Central avenue> streets. E 2» by N 70; $10
Nells Jorgensen to Anna E. Jorxensen. let
on E line of Boycc street. 2D0 H ot Geary, X
23 by E 120; sift.
Glovant Solar» to Bruno Rrman. lot on S
line of Washington street. 1« E of Spruce. E
27:6 by S 127:9»«: $10.
Ell* O. and John C. Fitschen. Kdna I..
Prscy. Sherard and Ida A. Dukes to Mary A
Klufre. lot on S Un« of Twentieth street. t>"
W ot Mission. W 37:8 by 3 »:«: also lot on S
line of Tw#nty-fcurth street, 123 W ot Xm,
\V 125 by S 114: $10.
John K. and Mary J. QiMnn to Peter F. an!
Ida A. Atiffuatiny. lot on E line of ValencU
street. li">0 N of Twentieth. >.* 25 by E SO; $H».
I.. B. 8ib!»y to Hattle B: ditley. lot on JTW
correr of Slxt«»emh and Landers streets, N
C3:rt by "W SO: rift-
Harry and Lu!a Schwartz to John A. Witt
kowsky. lot on W line of Treat avenue. 17* N'
Lf Twenty-fsurth street. N 2ti by W 1<X>: (v>.
Agnea D. Litton to Artonta and Cathertn-
Arvigi. lot on W lln* of Howard street. Zo.l
S of Twenty-fourth. S 34:10 by W 115: $10.
Kurullne Schachhuber to Mabel Freeman,
lot on N line of Clipper »tre»t. 152:2 W of, Ijo
lor»». - V 23:.'. hy N 114: J1-T5O.
Ella t>. and John C. Fitschen to Edn* L..
Gecrge W., Joseph I. and Charles T. Pracy.
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street. 250 W
of Xoe. \V lfiO by "3 114; also lot on SE lire of
Folsctn street. 45:10 NE cf Main. NE 43:lo by
SE 137:6: <1«>.
Mary A. Kluge (Schneider) and Sherard and
Ida A. Dukea iSymonds) to same, same: $1<X
Fernando Nelson ami Julia A. Nelson to
Dominick P. Mack, lot jn ( N line of Twenty
fourth street. 2io K of Listro. E 21 by N 114:
$lf>.
Susanna and »Jtto Thl«-i tc Giovanni an*l
Anna Perarii. let on S line of Lombard street,
110 E of Leavenworth. E 27:8 by S 137:ti; J10.
Annie t<. Fretwell to Charles G. Am«. lot
on S tine of Stevenson street. 335 W of Third.
2l» hv 70: S10. .
■ Annie Uouslas. Marian X). «nd n. ••-: L.
San<1enon to Cecilia Castello. lot on. 8W Una
of Fourth street. 137:* NW of Howard. Nff
34:4H; SW JK>. NW 34:4^. SW 7l». SE 63 0
se i*>: :io.
William L. ETierscn to John H. Grady. lrt
on SE com<r of Fifteenth and Tork street*.
E(Bby S 75: Brant.
Samuel P. Smith to John W. FMnn. lot on
NW corner of Eighteenth avenue a.-.i Clemen
street. W 240 by N 100: $1O.
Herbert F. and Mae P. Ward to Carrie E.
Allen (wife of Georje W.). lot en W line oi
Fifth avenue. ?. r .o K of Point Lobes avenue
X 23 by W 120: 5tlO.
Geonre W. Allen to Carrie E. Allen, same:
gift.
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to William
L. Hughscn. lot on NK corner of Twenty-thlr 1
avenue and C street. E 12O by X 100; $li>.
City Realty Company to Christopher C. Riv
er«, lot on NE corner of Fifth avenue and 1
street. N 60 by E 05; $10.
Same to James L. Holland, lot on NE corner
of Fourth avenue and 1 street. N 35 by E 95;
? 10 -
fcame to Hannah Barry, lot on E line .rf
I-curth a\enu<?, M S of Hugu street S £» by
II £'•>: $10.
Adolrh Woerner to Gustave Woerner. let
on E line of Forty-Second avenue, ltv 8 of I"
»tr?et. S to by E 12!>; gift.
Anale S. Fretwtll to Leander S. Sherman,
lots Bt and 23. block 37. let 28. block 2S. lot
11. block iO, lots 10. 22 and 23. block 43. Sun
nyslde; Jio.
Charles G. and Belle D. Clinch to Bernharl
Gets, lot en NW line of Paris street. 150 XE
of Brazil. NE 5i> by NW ICO lot 6 block V-.
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
James G. and Louisa J. Maguire t^ Charlri
G Stuhr. lot on N line of West Park str»»!.
213 :» E of Holly. E 75 by N MK>, lots 52 M
64. block :; Holly Park: $10.
Willis B. George to Caroline G*crse. lot I--.
biock 22. Market Street Homestead Associa
tion; ;lft.
J. Max and Jessie C. Pollock to Continental
Building anJ Lean Association, lot on N line
cf T^obas street. ."40 E of Orixaba. E 50 by N
12T.. lot 7. block O. Railroad Homestead Asso
ciation; ?10. .
Georre A. Clourh to Oliver J. Tobin. <il!
Interest In deed 2033 P. 17a and interest In
de*d from Mlsner to Tobln, dated February 2»
irf4; ?10.
Joseph Fairer to Joseph Biumana. let rn N
line of Bellevu- street. 17S W of Outenb»rn
W 178 by N 213. lots ISO and 130. West Eni
Hcrne«tcad; ?io.
Arthur J.. Alexander. Eleanor* F. and Caro
lina Frauenbolz to Gustav Wwrnr et a! .
lots .124 and 325. Silver Terrace Homestead; $.".
Bay View Land Company to Investor (cor
poration), lot 17. block 561. Bay Park Hems:,
stetul; trant. J
Blanch* and Goston Mathleu Jr. t-> Q»c.ir
H»yman. lot on SE line of Chenery strept. ;s
SW of Mlgiifl. SW 25 by SE lOO^Tlot 2.
Hecarie'* suMivlston' of block J>. Fafirniount
Tract; ?10. • " /
. Builders' Contrnct < ». /
B. Lanitendorf fowner) Wlth'Hanjcn A Jone«
iVr.ntractors). architects McDouxafl Bros. — All
alterations and additions excert pIurrNn*.
palntlnic anil wirins; for two frame buHdmajs
on SE lin» cf Folscm street. 175 SW of Fal
mouth. SW 25 by SE 1G3; «21.".*.
AuguMa M. Trfebel (owner) with G. G Gil
l»sple (contractor), architects SalfleM.* Koh;
bersr — AH work for a two-story frasi*" bulMln*
(fiats) on S line cf Fell street. 135 W of
Sterner. W .TO by 9 137 :«; *;>2T.O.
Martin J. H-*Iler (owner) with Charles J. C.
K<"-niK (contractor), architects name — Excava
tion, brick, concrete, carr-'nter and mill ani
marble work, hardware, glaring, -tlnntns. l3th-
Ing and plastering for a two-story, attic ar I
basement fram«> building on S line of Jackson
rtreet, 111:3 E of laurel. E 23:10 by S 12T:«'»;
$7fi:V^.
Pame owner Tlth Gulick * WVtherbee (crw
tractor»>. archjtectii um« — Plumbing. *a« fit
tins and sewerage fcr same on same: Si-
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. February £7
V S stmr Bear. White, S> days from Saa
Pleso 4?au*a!lto direct).
SAILED.
Saturday. Febmary 27.
fchr Albion. Olsen. Slusiatv Hiver.
Stmr Naticnal City. Tlammar. Fort Brafg
DOMKSTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived F«b 27— Schr Fanr. :•
Adele. henc. F^b 14.
Palled Feh 27— Schr - CharU* K. Fa!k. f.r
San Francisco; itmr Central!*, for San Pedrv.
Major Poulter Re-e let-ted.
The' inspection of the staff and field
officers of the Fifth Regiment. X. G.
C. was held last evening at the Cali
fornia Hotel, after which the officers
balloted for a successor to Major
Charles T. Poulter. By a unanimous
vote Major Poulter was elected to suc
ceed himself. The field and staff In
spection of the Second Brigade. X. G.
C. was also held at the saa* place
last nichuCOURT ENJOINS
TRIST COMPANY
Orders Doors of a Taunton
Concern Closed Pending
■ Bank Commissioners* Suit
IrECEIVER ASKED FOR
Difficulties of Institution
■ Said to Be Due to Poor In
• vestments of Its Officials
TAUI5TON. ilass.. Fefc. ::. — The
4oors of the Taiston Safe Deposit and
Trial Cc=:cary did net open to-day, as
.1 result of an inunction from the Sa
•prere Court rc-stninins the treasurer
.frcrs leuelwlag or payi-gr any deposits
p£tq after % heari^s oa an inunction
"111 che S-;r«rr* Court at Boston, ilor:
:liay. The Stare Bank Commissioners
Hive r-rr.our.ced that they will ask
that a receiver be appointed for th>i in
rtittrtion- Tha ccmsany Is said to be
ia. dlScuIti^s because of poor i-vest
■=er:t5, btxt the presid«Et. Ed -yard H.
Teryie. asserts thit the depositors
.will fce raid in full. The liabilities are
.J600.000. The capital stock -is
Terrpl* said he would not oppose the
eprciatment cf a reedier when the
case- came up ni the Supreme Court.
■ It is understood tliat the diScuItles
have developed eraiual!y and it was
.cot CstO r^cer.tJy that the value of
securities held ty the institution was
.'iuest:c--d by the llassachuseta Sa.v
ii»s Bank Cczr.rr.issioners. It is said
: tffca.t an exa^rination of the books has
•shown co discrspancies in the accounts
kj'.the irstirution. the company's losses
caving been due exclusively to misfor
tune iz. cc~-ection with investments.
Water Iront Notes.
' The JLrrr.y transport Dix is still bar
. bound at Astoria.
' .The Standard Oil Company's ship As
tral and the Ncrweclarr bark Rokefcy
• Hall, which were detained in port on
:. account of the southeaster, sailed yes
•• t "rday.
••;• The" American- Ha. vaiian freighter
Nebraskan. which pet into San Die?o
. tor repairs and left the southern pert
.-" February Z. arrived yesterday at Sandy
- Point. The N>bras'«ca.r is making her
•[■ -.-.a; i-r. ■- ■; j.c? as an oil burner.
,' . Tr - - - . - utf*r Thetis to the
• .ttisdea. Iron Works yesterday to be
. _.r vprhauled.
' : . ; Tee revenue cutter Bear arrived yes
:." t-irclay frcm San Dfesa. H»;r officers re
•].f~Tt having had a most enjoyable
.• -The British chi? Routenbum, which
put into Qceenstovc seme weeks a^'j
:i -lirtress. sailed yesterday for this
<un. Moan and Title.
C;:**-! States Ccast i=-i Ccatfetie £»rv»y —
.- Fcrt ""--". retrace* ro :u Fn-ci»cc
- -2a v. P»t::^<Tj try ciScUl iuticniy oi !£•
- . . - -• -:-ti«jt.
•r.'OTE— Tie U^h a=«i !<r«r waters ectrur a:
t.--c c:ty tram . If: askm- street wtarf* about CS
■i i. n-y tatcr tisaa at Fort Point: ti« ietjit
of UC« is -Sic *a=* at Vrtis places
STZZT: «=«
soa •e-j — •*:
Hacn «*t* ..4:™5 a. m.
O Tur.e Tl=e! tTtsati iTise)
e -■ . Ft. ! > Ft. ' . Ft.
• . ,1. t.'. ij w; ;l w| jh vrt
58 : r:«0: 2.T S:*»l S.fi' 3:3T — 4.4 10:=T| 4-»
r? j as -.: *-*~l «•«! *:i* — o.s.uao? &j:
I * ~t5! l.S :0:«2! £9 3:C=— o.^ll:t* 3-t
"» 5:M lt:i:". ; 5-» 5:«- 0.0< >
•; S '. WKl !.1'J:S 5J «:r.I 0.4
« I 83 •"- ►: 7 :<«.■ 0 :i U22 rtS 7:1.;. L<)
NOTE— Is the aJscv* exicalt^in of tie tides
tlse early =-.cr=i=« r.dea are pv»n i= :Se !e£t
hard f y*" 1 '"« *n<i tie ■accesaiv«i tiiie» ci t!u»
iiay in the bcAct cf occurrence as u> time: ti«
fomtft tine T**™' ff"- v es the Last tlie cr tb«
except vises tiere are but thr»< udea. aj
■iiiiiil" in ■ meuuM The heishta c&cea are ta
MHTTTtrr t j the focs&sci cf the Cs::»^ Statej
Cca»t SKrv»y charts. «xi.-ept-w!s«n a. =i=3a ( — >
"__ tins iei*-t. aa* then tij- number
-^er is asttrcctBtl from the deyes rives by
£. e ct^arts. The rlase at rererer:ce ta tie =eaa
cf'tlJM Ic««r lew waters.
Ti=3«? BalL
'z-*a<-ii Hrd-— c-i;h:c CCSce. V. S. N.. Jier
• chants' Eiiiarye. £ir Franciscu. Cal.
'- Fer-rrar-/ 27. l>-4
.. •--» Ham Ba.I en the tower cf tt» Ferry
!„ ji^iiy »ta dropre-i exactly at =ocn to-day —
« noes cf tie 120th. cer.j-.in, or at 4
_•' <£ Creeaw-.ch time. J. C BURNETT.
*•• Lieut enast. U. £. N.. la ciarjre.
•
ZHirir^z th<? year 1303 61.300 British^
>rt in* bid country for Canada, as,
axain>t iS.SOO in 130^.
ADTZETISZ2EESTS.
inherited or Contracted,
Primary or Secondary,
PERMANENTLYGURED
1T-»r«? is ro !;-::r.an Ci^-j.1"., fc-reditary
nr e»Btr»ct*d. tiit r*»foirt« mrr* twic
u— a.r:fr:t t&*B tpedic or Cuntssioos
yci*"a ta tbc bl«x>-:- llcA. zrrir.ss Cat!:: .
erwciS<- ReTn^ltw 1 , Pstaxb. ilert-ury a.r..i
oi?!«r ooiwsoous rnix«r»» X17 «iUJT 63*1
cut ur <lr1ie in th»- aysiptcisa fcr
* tis«, fcut th^y d'i su: >■- udlc»t* tint cier-
.» --«. k ::;.=?. aU-rensuTnirs tsirrt any
tst-rs ttan XSat tx&led Pacnlitii c£ Poac*
ii» Leot! pra'ta'^d eternn ycutii.
21y "tT*tt3jrnt for syphiJStio BIo<j<i Poi-
son ccrtainit ni» danx^rous «lru«3 er lr»-
TirSoo* ra«llrfn«?3. It hsa b<— a taorou^Uly
«Kt»d ii tfce nwet sever"- cam and ba>
B*v^r fail*'! kt fx'i'rrmr^ti" the srrra ...f
<Xvs»i** *> ttax a st»n -*»rer reapp«a»r«. It
:e!y rorsaaiurs ths bl«x>l .'corjms-
ci-*. efiSBttaun Hm taf<jcti«:ti>« matter and
f.)n«"s '-tit every particls of Jmpcrtt/. Tiu.-
Ll'-rfwl. t^» t.sw, ths la^rv**. tte bosw
. ,tr.-: C*» *'lt.'-:c *>-n«n are c!ean««!. pan-
' r.»^l «wl "Viiaral to r«rT«ct hratth. and
: > pat1.?i:t ssrvnarni gsew fcr tlje duties
i 'jufiirat of nre.
I ALSO CURE
Irf»t 21i2.i.ood. aremms O«MUty,
TSTastisy Brxtss. Us^atsral "Veii-
2*ss. Stnctsre, Taxlecccle. K7ttrocel«,
Cc=.tracte«i Xilsiests. Gleet. P12««.
der. etc <T-2t=r«
• ' aiAacsa bt.t:.
iE' rfeSS* "\ TBSATKZST.
/ x \ oxnex J.2T0
// " "* *J<--A j PrSXJ.XE5T
Fv « If you Citsaot
J 7 rs * n write for
jHy¥^^9S&jr Tuestlon Use a.-i.;
\^^V^ :w took de-
air*^ senbiaj E7 spe-
cialty.
Cm i ctpcndcacg ctscidealiaL
■ ;..:-: — : j. ■ • a and adncs free.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
:.":-r» — 8 to 8 dally: 9 to 12 Srrrirfrfym.
729 SCxrket Street CT09 riocr). S. T.
PILOT SCHOONER LADY MINE
GOES ASHORE NEAR DIABLO
PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S BIG LINER CHINA. WHICH
SAILED TfiSTERDAT FOR THE FAR EAST. CARRYING MAM
AMERICAN AND FOREIGN "WAR CORRESPONDENTS.
The pilot-beat Lady Min*. in com
mand ef Boatkeeper Isaac P-aterson.
went ashore yesterday it Gravelly
Beach, near Point Diablo, diuna-s^ed
ten. planks, ripped off a lot of copper
sheathir.5 and carried away her rud
der. She was pulled off the beach by
the Government tuy General Alexan
der and to-xed back to her anchorage
by the tug- P-cIiance.
The Lady Mine was bound out and
about 10 a. m. the wind died down,
leaving the schooner s.t the tide's mer
cy. When he found the boat drifting'.
Petersorr let go both anchors, but on
account of the great depth neither
mudh^ok secured a hold on the bot
tom and the Lady nine went ashore.
the was going out to take her place
on the station and pick up pilots from
outward bound vessels. She r?ill be
repaired as speedily a_s possible.
The life-aavins crew from the Fort
Point station went to the Lady Mine's
assistance, but their services were not
required.
Takes Many Passcns^rs.
The Pacific Hail Company's steam
ship China, Captain Friele. which
should have sailed Friday, but wa3
delayed twenty-four hours owin^ to
the necessity of discharging about 700
tons of beef consigned to the Russia.n
Government, sot away promptly at 1
o'clock. She carried 2200 tons of
carso and a. Iarg 1 ? number of passen
gers. Amongr the deported Chinese
vvas Miss VTanz P^-k, who is bein? sent
bu.clr to China because the Chinese
biueaui believes she came here for an
immoral purpose.
The China's passengers included the
following named:
For Honolulu — D. E. Allison. Mrs.
D. E. Allison, Miss E. Bills, Miss 21.
Fowhr, J. B. Gait, Mrs. J. R. Gait
and trvo children. A. C. Gehr, J. Irvin
Oilman. Mis3 G. Ka.mm.ond. J. A. Jef
frey. Mr?. J. A. .Jeffrey. Mrs. C. Kuhl.
C F. Lynch. Mrs. A. M. Marks, Miss
E. M. Marks. William McGraw, Miss
M. J. McMillan. L. C Merrick. Miss
Zelln. Merrick. John F. Merrill. Mrs.
J. F. MerrilL Mrs.- J. S. Merrill. Miss
R. Merrill, ilrs. W. H. Moorhouse, Miss
s-ybil M'X>rhous<?. Mis3 A. Morrison,
Miss W. Murray. Miss B. N'crman,
Mrs. Parker, M123 Grace Power, O.
Schmidt. George O. Scrivner. B. F.
steele. Mrs. B. F. Steele. F. L. Wal
croru Mis* L. W*alcott. H- C. "Worland.
Miss A. C. Marks.
Yokohama — Captain W. A. Adams,
Fifth Rhode Island Lancers; T. Akasi,
I. C. Ba'et. Paul Cowles. J. W. David
son. R. V. de Lagnerie. M. H- Do no
hue, John Fox Jr., C. D. Ha^erty, L.
EL Hinrichs. Lieutenant Commander
"W". S. Hug-hes, K. Ito, Mrs. K. Ito and
maid. O. KaL Captain J. B. Milton, H.
fchimomura, T. J. Smith, 5Irs. T. J.
t'mith. S. Tachl- .
Kobe — yr. McC- Osfc^rne.
Shanghiii — Major II. N. Baddoea.
Hon. F. D. Cheshire. Mrs. G. L. Dud
ley. L. E- Johnson. Miss M. Kelly. C.
KMene. P. VV. Massy, T. F. Millard,
M123 I- Moon.
Honskcns — O. L. Babcock. E. A.
Eartlett. C. E- Beaty. D. W. Brittin^.
3C M. Clover, Amos Cottin^, Richard
Harding Davis. Mrs. Richard Harding
Du.vis and moid, X. H. Davia. A. M.
Green. A. G. Hal?, W. C. Hartrid^e,
P. U. Hemmett. Miss B. Irtrin, iliss
M. Jamison. Mi33 L. M. Kooken. Chow
Yu Kwan. H- F. Lab«lle, L. F. Law
ton. Miss M. McCann. D. Q. McComb,
I. B. Nutter. Mrs. L. L. Ormsby, John
G. Rimey, Getjr^ij F. Richmond, Mrs.
•31. C. L. Shersrood, Captain H. K.
t'truve. V. E. Towles, J. U. Van Sen
den. E. L. Watson. C D. Whipple, H.
N. \v*hitford. F. Wnitin?. R. P. Tatea
Jr.. Mrs. .1- M- Green.
Join at Honolulu — Mrs. E. G. Del
ano, R. Freiwald, Eben Lane, Mrs.
Eben Lane. Miss F. G. Lane. William
aiunro and servant, Mra. M. S. Porter.
XETWS OF THE OCEA>\
Matttr? of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant;.
The K&ip C«crse Cortls ar.d t&e barlt Ansie
Jcbssca return to Honolulu with j-;seral
t-ar-r*.
Merchandise for , the Orient.
The ateaiaer ChXaa. aailed - yesterday for
Kccgkcaj vta Honolulu sad Tokchaizui -with a
ressral cerchnniiTaq carro, vi!ie-i at J 133, too.
THE- SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 2S. 19OJ.
Tsrmsive <, t tn>asur», ta '0* distributed as
fellow-: For Japan. *'.)2.i5i»: C?i:r.a. >S!».1.-J4;
Pttinppta* Inlands. ;t(i.324: Eiiat Iadi»5.
C27-_:!; Ktii^a, 5»k>. The !<!adins- eipcrta were
as rall<r«rs:
To Jaraii— 474C -;cls win*. 41S> Its su*ar.
97 sals whisky. SM lb« ir.**!*. 7025 lbs 4 .i»
(irte-i rruit. l^H etSa bmrter. U422 lbs coiT*e. 93
pkff-j tabie prr?ra:a.:lcr.a. ;SXt lbs hr.ps. 11 ca
hor.i»y. 7;<) }h* raisliis. ?•> pksa croi:«rt<»!» and
rTOviaicrs. ."7T.': !bs I:a.T. ai:>i ba.ron. «77 lbs
btiu»r, «-;«! [Sa t -h*~K». 2r-r. cs assorted cann.»d
j;r>rd*. 240 Cm !ard. s**i> ca canr.itd salmon. 2H7
ib» 20 ctla c;iu. 1H b«Sca liay. T-S7 polid
13 ca lPathi?r. US plc:« nn:j.*in»ry. 4» rk^s bi
<!ycl*-« asxri nirtirits. ;:orx) 3 a!co'.iot. ,V> !!.»5ka
volduUrer, 27i"« erm roogaa. 110 _-s sr.ap. 13A.
!ts md;sr>). >i ls electrical supnliA*;. CS cs b<>3ts
a-id «fto«»s. 12 .'s »-fn= fas» : t. «V r<kK« e!<H-tri.-al
«ur?t:»s. ?3 pksa paint: ind cfla 75 pkss dn^a
and sundries.
"^ Ciir.a — "•> b&is *Vn:r. i'.'ro ca etaiuid —
pkjrs ptddfd saimon. H77 cs assorted canr**!
acrxi.-. .iC4 pkiis jr^ciriirs arid flfa*Ulona> VJ.S.»O
!>:« che*«». 74!S rts b«-n "ea^on. t."»<0 ib»
raisins. l.":7^ Oa 12 .-« dried f-jlt. 41«<> Its 'Jft
c« rr:»a:«. r.KA lbs .-rdflsh. ."2S.-: ib» b«a.-?s. 4.!.-.
:b» hcr^. X5 pltjjs b«9ft fm;ts. 24n Iba butter.
ra.SM iba shrimp*. ;Zi.".". Ibm rr'arf barl<>\ ti»O
*.i;3 *!r.<>. t3I ea T^islr:-. 360 oaxks h*-- . 1U2
lb« ct^<-tj;at:#. 24» lbs srins»ny. I" 1 * ctla cats ."»
t*>s hay. iotn rbs Urd. Ifv pics* pH*t». 513
irals splnta. 14.2r<> Iris drW fluli. 79 cs 0«aora.
<?2 c-3 a; n:r. * cs hoT:cr. -v*."W lbs coffe*. ll"v>
?krs '-iale pr»raraticr.s, GS3 lbs. 7 ca br»aS.
To Phiappin^ Islands— 5 fcbla flour. 23^0 rrts
p^^ato^a. 1«5 c« aj-3on«»d canned rwiin. 15 c^»
<-anne-I salmon. "» c-s tabl* nr»para{!cns. 7 o«
syrnn, 5 « fror.ey. !VJ* lbs candy. <t cs oil. 2
pfcja rr.acfclrery. 2 pkn "v.icrjn miteria!. 3. ca
paper. l.<0 c-« $ pkjrs nip*. 30 cs rubber ciotb
ir«r. 1< ch toot* and r»hoe».
T " 5?* tidiei — <72 <;* assorted emaeicd
K'-<-«{i(_/C5 rfcann*i -nimen. 2.1 pk^<« provMoaa;
IS c» l!Tit-rs. 2 en honey. ♦ cs drted fruit, S ea
rn"a!5. 2 <*3 syrup.
Tn Korsa. — 10 ca whfakjrc -
F.\port~ by tlie Panama Steamer
Tb* steamer City of Ta^anta tttfitd ystifrtay
fur Fir.a.T.1 mil way ports v.-ith an iasortsti
zr.prrhan.iis« .rar*". • altiid at JH7.7S4. t.-> bi
J!atrtbut2<i as follo-.vs: Fcr M«si>:<-. Sn::73;
Ontrai America, ftXSth Panama. ftSOS; Gc
lombia. «4r.); Ecua.t.;r. .t"2: N*^ York. S41 -
'CU: THi;:<lirf Isiarjd. pV)O; J arra.:--a. Sl.^.«; TUt'i-
Sisni. MOO; Italy. J1S>: i>™asy, $»;- Chile
,1'X The follo-n-iny wsr* the principal ex-
To tttticB — *3?:: ITjs npfce*. 154'> Ib» II h
bread. ."».% crts ca--=t». :«"•«) !b« 1; es cod*1sh r;
fkr* tabie rr-paratinr.^. 1«> .-j canned t^yrd
2t_crt3 pctatc«*. 104 lb« ad) ib* raisins'
3.^ !bn <tri<*i fruit. TW Ifca has ari.l bacon. i<?
ttc^s srroceries and provision*. ZTZ lb« ciT>-5<»
310 lbs *a;cv 303 »a'3 wtee 27 xa!j •% ca whi^
fey- * pk«s 'e!e«.-tr?ca! . -.applies,, s pIt^j, <n.- K^ g
njachin^s. 21S pc3 0 fcdis p< r ,. an .1 flttla«». S
I/kir? rrtaefcin«r;-. 5."» ttln c~mrnz. no vkxi
*hook.«. U pkK» pslr.ts and oils, 1*4 bars steel
*3 'nun U bfilK iron.
To Optrml Anwrfc»— OS3 bbls Sour, cirf cala
'•' cs tvlne. .",0 e% wftiskr. 2rt csuks bwr 14 -•<
canned cwvi-«. 8»# lbs cr.dfin^. mm> lfcs ti>a. 59
!>r nislns. 47.T Ib« rn^aj-. Itn rrtji Bi5tato»c ' 17
-k*s «n~v-*n»s aad pravteSmw «o« :bs hrt, o«v>
It- srio^«. ion k-*s splV-s. 1.-^4 Eta tailor 23
MI» pir*. U boat*. 1 r->II leather. 27 nkc* <irv
itoo.1.- .a> pk*s paists and oils. 15,«>l3 ft "lum
ber. 10 ba>s cotton. I cs dra*5
To Panama— tn«> bb!n (Tour. 7f) m^ potato-*
To rrlcmiiU-W> )tal« "0 r^ whfrkv t rv -in'
Its dri-d fr-jit.-. lbs ravins !>:•»-. *lb
ru-9. 4 pit** groceries i=d provisions U cs
cartne'1 rvvi».
1 "S 30 C3 salmon -
To *,>w Tork-7MJ22 W !s win^. CS.Mt lh r
rir-.M »n5'.«. «!«> lbs rt.;e. 444 gals braady 40
ta!d* 3 *' iaSC * l;: ' C00 IiS dry hi ' I * S> - 00 ' 134 Ib s Pis-
To Trinidad OUaii—XSO cs cashed »a!mon.
To Jamaica — t. ca assorted <-ann*d (nrda. 10
To B*!r^-Jm— ".O.0(M Ihs dr1#>d prune*
To Italy— .T2 <-s can=rt nalmon.
Valuable Car^o for England.
jne tntis.T oarft Eamracunt waa cl^ar-,!
"esterday for Lhr«rpool. Essiand. xith rm
barrels of 0m. HJiOfl «iS SSi o ''°?
0 •- I .'_r>cundd sine stOmaiinsa., valued it
M.o*cments of Stramer*.
TO SAIL.
L Tabnxary 28. j j
£S-i^d §£££ Portland,!! «>W 2 4
<>ntennlal. , BmtttU &. facc^a"." L ! '. ' m '
Eare«a ! HurcboWt » a= Pi!I T?
Pomona....) HnmtoWt .... ' x-ao? »S
T«bra*T7 29. I I
Csanna : Cot» Bay direct. I 3 B n Pw •
O. Lir.dauer AstorU A p or S; d 1 P °iH£ 14
Sl* ve r;f '" Hion *f v - Portland ...."ipier 27
p-abeth.- c«ralll« River S pm Ptir M
Coo» Bar--- != aa Pe<lr(> 4 Way , 9 asa'ptS l"
S. Monica.. . l,,, Aa*«I« P*>«3- 10 aa «S 2
Centrall*- . , Loa Anjeles Pcrts. 10 aajlpjS xo
3C&TC& 1. j j
A'.:Ui:ce...- Eureka & Coo* B. 11 in Pi«r Id
sequoia WUIapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Empire. — Coos Eay direct.. 10 am Pier 13
Ctar PuebU rcs-t Sound Ports. 11 *m}pier 8
31 arci X I I
Spekaae , TTucboldt ~tl:30 p Pier 9
d. Barbara-! Lo B Acs-lea Ports. | 4 pmiPler "
Humboldt-.j FearJe A AUafci.lU amiPJer 3
fcierr* I Sydney & TF*y 1 2 pmjPier T
G. "W. Elder Astoria &- Portland! 11 aja'Pler 2*
Ponio • } Pt. Areir* & Albion 6 pm Pier *2
SUteCal... San Dl**o & Way. 0 amjpler 11
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmjPter 10
•BTarfTi 4. j
Arcata...— Coo« B. & Pt. Orfd,12 mJPler 13
Bonlta. Newport * VTay..| 3 amlPler 11
. search S. | [
Pt. Jltzz*" Pt. Arena b. Mdcao 4 nmiPler 2
Doric - China. * Japan 1 pmlPler 40
Acapulco... N. Y. via. Pasama. 12 mjPler 40
North Fox*^ Humbotdt 3 pmlPler 20
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmfPler 10
korcJS-6.
CMco CoqaiUe River « ptalPier 2
■Cm*tina...i Png-et Sound. Pocta- 11 amJPler 9
Jea£l« [Seattle & Taco&a. 10 asiPUr 2
1 anarch. 7. |
Carac*9....[ aisxlc»n Pcrta 10 *m|Pier U
WANTS MARINES
NOT SOLDIERS
Admiral Walker Tells the
President Large Force Is
Xot Wanted on Isthmus
OPINION HAS WEIGHT
Xaval Officer Thinks Three
or Four Hunflred Men Are
Enough for Present Needs
WASHINGTON*, Feb. 27.— Admiral
Walker, who will be president of the
new Panama Canal Commission, does
not approve cf the immediate use of j
United States regular troops on the |
isthmus. He has told the President
that three or four hundred marines |
"Brill serve all present needs in that j
quarter. He thinks it -will take six )
years to build the canaL His eptnion
may affect the orders to the Third In
fantry to proceed to the isthmus of I
Panama. I
Lieutenant General Chaff ee had a-- j
Iected that regiment to relieve the ma- (
rinea on the isthmus at the instance i
of the Navy Department. But that re- J
quest iva3 based on the suspicion that
it would be necessary to continue the j
for<:e on the isthmu3 at its present j
strength of about 10<)0 men. The ma- j
Tines xvere wanted elsewhere — some at j
Guantar.amo and some In the Philip- j
pines— and the department could not j
spare the 1400 men ivho had been guard- :
ing the line of the Panama Railroad. !
but when the demand for j^uards was J
reduced to 400 this could be granted, ;
and the War Department rvas so In- \
formed. The Third Infantry had been i
notified to be in readiness for service ;
on the isthmus, but final orders had j
not been given.
This is the present situation. The ;
Third stands ready to 50 to Panama j
whenever troops are required there. !
City of Panama Sails.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam- '
ship City of Panama. Captain Porter, !
sailed yesterday for Panama and way .
ports. The Panama carried seventeen !
passengers and 1730 torw of cargo. I
which included ZOO tons of fiour and 130 j
tons of lead.
! FF.Qlt SSATTLE. "' j
Steamer. 1 For. I Sails.
Dclphla I >ltis-*T3.y & Way Ports. (Feb. 2S
Ejtce!s:or j Vild«3 4 W»y Ports .. I Mar. I
Farallcn StaMtwaj A Way Forts. Mar. t
' Vaioncta ' Ska^w^y & Way Porta.lMar. t
Dirijo I skagTvay £ Way Porta.iMar. 10
liertsa 1 Valdea & Way Ports. .: Mar. 10
■ J. Dollar 1 Vataex & EMwrd ;Mar. 12
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Fram. I Due.
Hero ; st-r Harbor I F»b. 2S
B^pyrt» Gmy* Harbor F~b. 2S
AHlan-.-c | Portland & Way Ports. ;Fcb. 2S
Empire ! Cera Hay & Pt. Orford.iF»b. 2S
IHisafefth : 'T<5ijalll« E'v«r .!F»b. 25
Che&aQ* 'Iraj's Harbor |Ftb. 2S
• M!2<s^!a ' Taconia. !F*iv 2S
M. Dollar } Tacntna . & Everett i Feb. 2S
Moniara ■ t<eatt> i Feb. 2S
M:*ckirr«Tv . Tafntrra iFe&i 2S
Wentngton. ..i ♦Jy*t<^-. Harbor |Feb. 20
; Tttania. '. Nanaiauj IFeb. 23
! Spckare , U-u:r.&o!dt Feb. 2a
i Santa. Mop.'. ca ! «rray3 Karbor IFeB. 29
I State of Ca!.. ! S*n Dim) « Way Pts.lFeD.
• Aaubia 1 Hamburg & Way PortalFab. 23
I O. W. Elder..' Tortlar.d *: Asturia iFeb. 23
' f.uracuo ] Mexican Ports (Feb. 23
; Uqua Seattle & Taeoma 1 Feb. 23
1 Rival I Wlllapa Harbor Feb. *.3
I Centralia 1 Grays I-Iar*:r 'Feb. 23
, Pctno P»ilnt Arena &. .\lbt.:a..iMar. 1
Del N art c Creseer.c City 'Mar. t
' Boeita. I Ne-wport i Way Ports. Mar. 1
: Hureica. HurnUotdt |Mjt. 2
I Jeaaie .^attlir &. Ticooa jli*r. S
' Craatilla Pugr-t fotn-.d Pert* jMar. 2
1 Rainier | Seattle & Whalccm |Mar. 2
1 WortS Fcc*..4 HmnhoWt (Mar. 2
j Arcata i Cora Ca:' & Pt. Orf ord. j SIjt. 2
! S. Barbara.... Seattle & Otympia. . . .|Mir. 2
, ciiico ' <"o«iuil!ff Clvcr. [Mar. 3
i Fcmoua- I Hurr.boidt iMjr. .;
I Peru i Ne* York via Pir.a=j.:Ma:-. S
! Poi-t Ar»=a. . j ileodoflBo &. Pt. AoenaJStaK :>
! S^uRosa...: -^in Df^go & tr« Pt^.ilar. i
i Coos B*y ; •-'an Pedro &. Way Pt3. M:ir. 3
Orc;on ! Portland £: .V: tor!a . . . . ; Mar. 3
i Qu»ta i Pwrt-t Sound Port* iSfar. <>
■ Alimeda j Honolulu .' Mar. S
San Juan j New Yorlt via Panama., i Mar. ;)
: C<>ntecnUI... ! S-;aUle <t Taooma ilar. a
Shipping Intelligence.
ABSOXSXk
Saturday. February 2T.
Stmr Olimpic. Batten. 34 Inurs from San
Pedro. j
istinr Eureka. J»-s^«n. 10 hnurs from Eur»ka. !
slmr Cuoa Bay, ?»'ichcls;u, «i4 hours from ]
t-tiar Acrre. Saulit, 4»i hour? from Eureka.. ;
Strnr Czarina. Johnson, 70 hours from Cvis ;
Bay.
fcrhr ChallT.c««r. Anderson. l»t days from '
Cciumbla Rl\er. I
Schr Ida A. Campbell. 5 hours fr-jm Poiat j
CX. EARED.
tjaturdav , February CT.
Sta-.r <JnI=a, Friel^T Houjjkuns, etc.. P. M. :
S. 5. Co.
Stmr City of Panama. Porter. Panama, etc.. :
P. sr s. & Co. :
Stair Oregon. Coran. Astoria. O. n. & 5C
Stmr Pomona. S-ianson. Eure!ta. P. C S.
tier s«trnr Memphis. Relnicr, Haraburj. etc., ;
j. D. aoreclii»ia Err.a. Co.
Stnsr <.*oc» Eay. Nicolaon. San Pedra, P. C !
S. S. Co
Nor ftmr Tellua, Arntzcn. Ladyumith. 1^. j
t'unsnivir-^crra C"h.
Br bark Earnmuunt, Easlter, Liverpool. Eal- j
four, C-uthrtc & Co.
SSSSt,; February 2T.
Slnor Laknie. Chriatecson. £aa Pedro, with
fcanre in tow.
Stmr City of Panama. Porter. Panama, etc.
Stmr China. Friele. Honsrlicns. »tc.
S-tmr Olyirptc Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr San Pedro. Peterson. Gray* Harbor.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendoctno.
Stmr N«v.iboy. .Vdlcr. Eureka.
Out simr llemphia. Rsimcr. Uamlur; and
way riorui.
N'.ir sirir Talius. Arntzen. Lady^mith.
SIilp Marion Chllott. wnilams. Honoftila.
ttmr Green worvl. Tftonipson, Fort Brass.
Ship Astral. Dunham. Honolulu.
S-ir bark Oolteby Hall. Torjeaen. Delaj^a
Eay.
Schr Robert Lewers. Underwood. Port Gasi
b!«.
S*-br Irta McKav. rental*. Eureka.
Scnr Western Home. Lembke. CoquUIe Elver.
TEXEGRAPHIC. i
POINT LOBOS. Feb. 27. 1> p. m.— WeatJser |
fogy-'; wind calm.
DO MEaTIC PORTS. |
SOL'TH BEND — Arrived Feb 27 — Schr Vol
unteer, hirnce Feb IS.
£-aUed Feb 2ti — Stmr Rival, for Saa Fraa-
TACOMA — Arrived Feb 27— Bitn AmarantX
trcm. Honolulu.
Sailed Feb 27— Stmr Editb. for Port Los !
Auireies: Br bark Lamorna, for Queecsto-wn.
Arrived Feb ?>- Scnr B. V<\ Bartlett. froni
San Pedro.
sailed Feb 27— Schr Luzon, for Saa Fran
cisco.
FORT ERACH3 — Arrived Feb 27 — Stmr
Brunwwick. hence Feb- 2«w
PORT. ANGELES — Sailed Feb 27 — ochr Ma
rion Tor Saa Pedro: «cnr William H. Smith,
for Radocdo.
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb TT-fFtmrs Geor;e W.
Elder and AberdMtr. for Saa Francisco.
TATOOSH— Pasaeil out Feb 27— Stmr Edith,
for Saa Franc«co.
Passed la Feb 27 — Scnr Mahukona. from
Honolulu; ~echr John G. North, hence Fei> 2O.
lor Port Gamble.
SEATTLE — Sailed Feb 27 — Stmr Cottajfa
City, for Skajway: stmr Jeanie, for San Fran
ctscO" • "
GR-\TS HARBOR— Arrived Feb Tl— Schr
Fannie Adele. hence Feb- 14.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 27— Schr Reao
tate. from FaJrhaven.
Sailed Feb 27 — Stmr San Gabriel, for tTmp
cua; stmr Bonlta. for Saa Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
: HOXOLCLr — Arrived Feb 27 — Stmr Ne-
Vi tan. hence Feb 13.
Sailed. Feb 27 — Bkta James Taft, for Port
»jnd 1
The Third Great Picture in Colors of
the World's Fair Official Art Series
Will Be Issued Free With the Sunday
Call Next Sunday, March &th. : : :
* The Call, reaEzing the genuine merit and real value of the present series of jj
I Art Supplements, was prepared to expect, and did expect. th2t these splendid *,
I u pictures in color of the magnificent exhibit palaces cf \
♦ A.DDrCCIclted the Louisiana Pg^^a-^ Exposition would be highly J
* I A rF ■■* l u j prized by its readers. But the instant and spontane- }
J I ApprOVZil " bus success of the enterprise has surpassed all an- J
* ' ticipations, and the cordial commendations from all J
j over the country are most gratifying indeed- The Call is pleased to acknowledge t.
I these kindly expressions from its subscribers, and will endeavor, now as always. J
J to make generous recompense in every possible way. I
j! The readers of The Call belong to the intelligent and discriminating class of J
*! people in every community where it circulates, and their indorsement cf these '*
jj pictures vindicates every claim that has been made in • ,. J
jj regard to them. They are the finest pictures of the frOd CclDclblC *'
♦j great Worlds Fair which can be procured, now. or at ~ # . m * I
* any time. They bear the copyright of the Exposition wFIXICS it
• Company and are authoritative, perfect and complete. ' ■ J
I They arc controlled exclusively by The Call and are not for sale at any price. *
• They are issued solely and only, and as part of the paper, and without additional j *
♦ cost, by and with The Sunday CalL J *:
': • k_
-••■ : " : "" : - "'' ■ " ■'-.'. <BE *" '- - . '".• ■ /' - -' :"" - -■ ■ ■:. .. ■ - ; ' ■"..*"■■■" -•*■■-.
I Palace of Electricity |j
♦j The picture to be presented with The Sunday Call on Sunday, March G, is a •
• most charming reproduction in colors of this most charming building. In many ju
«| ..■■ respects it is the best picture thus far of the series. |»
•j ! 1 ts co^ or c^nisi^ snd its detail and finish are be- : t
•| * ~T* „ yoml criticism. •
•! ' SUNDAY % Electricity is the industrial life blood of the new \ \
*I ======== time, and the first Universal Exposition of the twen- ; •
» tieth century has arranged to fully exemphfy the giant strides which have been i *•'
•! made and are being made in the application of this wonderful form of energy j •
*\ to the use of man. . , I
•• Located on the grand basin, in the heart of the Exposition activities, and !
♦i covering an area of seven acres, the Palace of Electricity stands, one of the most j ',
♦i '. beautiful of the group. The design of the structure is a bold treatment of the | ',
•! Corinthian order of architecture. The general ap- u * , ; \
♦j pearance is one of remarkable beauty and harmoni- t
♦ ous grandeur. |The building is one which is sure to J
*| evoke the enthusiastic admiration of every visitor to I 2
*! the greatest of world's fairs, and the picture is one j *
i\t\ which will be preserved and treasured by every person who receives it free with ju
| *j The Sunday Call. ft
Every Person in Ssn Francisco. Every Resident of the Pacific
Coast, Every Man, Woman and Child in the United States Ought
to Get This Pxture and Every Picture of This Superb Series.
There Is No Charge for the Pic ures. They Are Presented FREE
WithThe Sunday Ca-1 Ord^r in Advance |: : : : :
The Cali Is Sold at All the Principal Hotels and News Depots and by
Stationers and All 1 rain News Agents. Register a Complaint if
You Cannot Purchase a Ca ! l : * ■■«;■:£ : : : : : V : :
FOREIGN* PORTS.
QCEEySTOW;N— Sailed Feb K— Br ship
Hou ten burn, for S;m Francisco.
SYDNEY— A rrived Fe'o TT— Cr stmr Hcaaa. !
from Vancouver. • I
YOKOHAMA—.Vrrivsd prior to Feb "JT— stmr ,
Tretnont. lrcm ■ i-eatt:*;; strnr Victoria, fraca
Ta ci3 F '"ia-'
SWA XSK-\— Sailed Feb to— Br barlt VauS»n.
for Sen FVrjncfsfo. 1 -"
- CARDIFF— Saile.i Feb 35-Fr baxk Fraa
ciiis. fnr Saa Francisco. -
PLTMOCTH— Saili*i F«b 2T— Cr bark Car
narvon Bay. for San Franei^-o.
SANDY POINT— Arrived ~eeb Z7— Strnr Na
bra^kan. h-nce Jan r:. tor Xcw York.
GL*AYA«4U11>-S«lled Feb S7— Gjt 3tmr ,
Amasts. tor aan Fraactaoo.
\jf \ PL*L«rO — Hailed Feb Ct— ?tmr Pem. for-
San FraaciaM. Feb 23— Stmr City Jf Para. |'
for Panarta. . ._ , I
VICTORIA. B. C — Arrtr-il Feb 2»— stmr i-.
Hraii". f r3nt Tokohatna.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SYDNEY. N. • S. AV. — ArriTSii Feb, 27 — ,
ctmr Maana. from Vancouver, via Honolulu!.
PLTMOCTE — Arrived Feb "J7 — Stmr St.
Paul, from New York, fcr Southampton, and ■
nroc^crtiHl- '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb — Stmr Cym- j
ric. front Boston; sttar Ottoman, from Port
land. Sailed— Stmr Cestrtan. for Poatnn; «mr
Lacania. for N»iw York; stmr Bovfc, fcr Xe^v
York.
CHEKBOCKG — Sailed Feb. r:— Sour New
York, from Southampton. Xar New York.
GIBRALTAR — gaiJed F*b 27 — Stair Caiu>pic»
for- Boston.
jjE"W YORK — sjiiilad Feb 27 — Star Phila
delphia, for Plymctrta: stmr Zeetiad. fcr Ant
werp; scnr Princess Irene, for Niplea and
Genoa.; scnr Campania, tor Liverpool: *tmr
FTiraeaia.' for Glasgow; star PatricU. for
Hamburg; stmr Island, for Cherbcarj.. Ccp«a
hasen, «te.; stmr Mlnnetocka, for London. Ar
rived — tftaar Rhein. from Bremen.
HAVRE — Arrived Feb 27 — stair La Breti*ne.
from New York. Sailed — Stair La. Lorraine,
for Sew York.
ANTWEHF — Sailed Feb 27— Stmr Vaderlaad.
for Ne-w York- «.
LEGHOBN— Arrtvol Feo ZI-HStmr Ptrssla.
frotn Xei» York, Napt-rs.
GSNOA— Arrirea F"eb r7— Star n*ptihlic
from Bc»t.-c: *t^ir Lisaria. from N*w Tork-
LONDON— SaiTed Feb 2*— s:t.T3r Colurabtaa
for Bnaton. • . „
1IOVILLE— Sa^«'I Feb Zl — Stair Pretoriaa
for l>lverT>^cI.
BRESliN- S^Ued Feh CT— Star Bremen fo;
ADVZBTISEaiESTS.
■■■aBMflnuramBanasxsaaifiaaHsnnHsaun
■ . - . - • - • m
■■ " Last -week we told yoa what \V. JF. Ramsey of 511 Hayes street gj
m says about our Rcptcrc cure. . Hers ii another: .* ■
« " \ S. F^ CaL, Feb. 10. '04. B
S "This is to certify that* I v,ai <fured by the Fidelity Ropttr-e ■
Cere, after suffering pain with truces 15 years. I am now able to Jj
■ Jo any kind of work without either pain or truss, and have done E
|j so for nearly a year. I cheertslly recommend the Fidelity treat- p
■ It yoa are in doubt, go znd see these men.. We can give yoa O
IB names and addresses eaocsh to keep you calling a month — all cr^ed "
by cs: Do, not risk comfort, health — perhaps your life— any longer. !5
g Consultation free. No pay until cured. ' {jj
■ Fidelity Rupture Cure £
■ 1344 flarket Street 5an Francisco E
Smniiminiiiiiininiiiiiniiinninni
N'et* Torit. via Ch«rtcurr.
SOLTHAiEPTOX— Sailed Tib *T— St=r ,N>«
Tort, for X#w Ycrt 7ta Cfterhourg.
YOKOH.VMA — \rrtri^i previously — s'teir Ko
r»a. frota =aa rrancia«.-o. via UobcIuIxi. tsr
H. i.ji. .?i. •tsir' Trumnnt, from Tacocu*,* »a»i
seattle. fcr Manila: *tair Victcrt*, frcsi T*>
cont, icr Ucnxkocs.
3940
ADVERTISEMENTS.
R-3r ' ' * *• " *' - • ' * **" * *'-' .' * "■".* '**':•'■'■- '*■' "*• ■*■'.'•*. ,*".v" ''i'*" •" lyjSS
I Mrs. Hughson, of Chicago, whose I
letter follows, is another woman in high
position who owes her health to the use of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Dear Mr?. Pixxham: — I suffered for several years with general
weakness and bearing -down pains, caused by womb trouble. My appe-
tite was fitful, I would lie awake for hours, and could not sleep,
until I seemed more weary in the morning than when I retired. After
reading one of your advertisements I decided to try the merits of Lydia
E. Pinkhain's Vegetable Compound, and I am so glad I did. No one
can describe the good it did me. I took three bottles faithfully, and
besides building up my general health, it drove all disease and poison
out of my body, and made me feel as spry and active as a young girl.
Mrs. Pinkham's medicines are certainly all they are claimed to be. —
Mns. M. E. Huohsok, 347 East Ohio St, Chicago, I1L
Mrs. Pinkham Tells How Ordinary Tasks Produce Displacements.
Apparently trifling incidents in woman's daily life frequently produce
displacements of the womb. A Blip on the stairs, lifting during menstruation,
standing at a counter, running a Bevring machine, or attending to the most
ordinary tasks niv result in displacement, and a train of serious evils is started.
The first indication of such trouble should be the signal for quick action.
Don't let the condition become chronic through neglect or a mistaken idea
that you can overcome it by exercise or leaving it alone. _ .
More than a million women have regained health by'the use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
If the slightest trouble appears which you do not understand
write to 3Irs. Pinkham, at Lvnn, for her advice, and a f exr
timely words from her will show you the right thing to do. This
advice costs you nothing, but it may mean life or happiness or both*
4&^h Mrs. Lelah Stowell, 177 Wellington
/4^WK&h st " Kingston, Ont., writes: *J.
M£$0*^JMk "Dear Mrs. Pkckitam: — You are indeed a
%J£ n *^Z*|p£S godsend to women, arid if they all knew what
v xs^i y° u cou^ d° for them, there would be no need
G) 'JS !^S °* eir dragging out miserable lives in agony,
vs "I suffered for years with bearing-down pains,
tis« *?r womb trouble, nervousness, and excruciating head-
'i^tk <^* t ache, but a few bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's
-$J5^y_ ■" yl^W^S^ Vegetable Compound made life look
?^^%s^^' v new and promising to me. I am light and
Ja L \ k a PP?) an(^ no^ now na t sickness
%?^i.^Sl \ 1 is, and I now enjoy the best of health."
ttV**^ r Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
' I W ■ Compound can altray6 be relied upon to restore
health to vromen who thus suffer. It is a sovereign cure for
the worst forms of female complaints, — that bearing-down feeling, weak
back, falling and displacement of the womb, inflammation of thft ovaries, and
all troublrs of the uterus or rromb. It dissolves and expels tumors from the
uterus in the early 6tage of development, and checks any tendency to cancer-
ous h-.i:nors. It subdues excitability, nervous prostration, and tones up the
entire female system. Its record of cures is the greatest in the world, and
ehouM be relied upon with confidence.
EfinO FORFEIT " *•• cannot forthwith crodnee the origin*! Uttns and glgnatnrei ol
SI 1 1 1 1 1 1 above temraonUls, vhicb Trill pror« tneir absolute genuineness.
tfUUtJ LrdlaE. rinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mat*.
GIARI) INSPECTION
NOW IX PROGRESS
Inquiry Into the Condition of the Sol
«;ici> of the state Is More Exact
injj Than Ever IJcfore.
Major Wilhelm, U. S. A., State in
pector of the National Guard of the
War Department, and State Inspector
Koster have concluded the inspection
of the several units of the Seventh In
far.try and the cavalry of the southern
part of the State. Last Friday they
Inspected Company B, Captain Hol
tum commanding. :tt San Jose. There
were present Colonel Hayos and Major
EmUh of the Fifth Infantry. The in-
FpecUozu this year are more exacting
than they have ever been before and
from ihe questions asked by the army
ADVERTISEMENTS. x
BUY~~
NOW
B : : $50.00 Worth of
§ CARPETS, FURNITURE, Etc.
ff 55.C0 Cash, 51.00 a Week
M $75.00 Worth of
f CARPETS, FURNITURE, Etc.
fj $7.50 Cash, $1.50 a Week
H $100.00 Worth of
B CARPETS, FURNITURE, Etc
j S10.G0 Cash, S2.00a Week
1 $150.00 Worth of
M CARPETS, FURNITURE, Etc.
1 $1 5.00 Cash, $2.50 a We k
B Payments Can Be Made
la Monthly If Desired
(pi Complete Home Furnishers
m T.BRILLIAIMT
\§|\ FURNITURE CO.
€gg^ 338-342 Post St
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And til other twAtX blemlshe* >re removed by
UK. fct><3 MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donoho*
buildlr.p. 11 TO Market ttrwt. cor. Taylor, room x
2fc-:». wit."i the «Jrctrlc nt*dle, without i>«ln or
•ctr; pcjiBSBttncry aruaraefced; Luu'ri 1 to 1 p.m.
inspector it is evident that he pur-
poses to lay before the department the
true condition of the citizen soldiery
of this State. The inshpection and
muster lasted nearly four hours. This
week the inspections will be continued
in the Second Brigade, taking In com
panies of the Fifth Infantry, when
there will be a switching off to the
artillery battalion, then a return to
the inspected companies of the Fifth,
after which the Inspector* will pay
their respects to the First Infantry.
It is thought that the inspection of the
guard will not be concluded Inside of
two months.
Sergeant C. M. Stone has been ap
pointed first sergeant of Company B,
Fifth Infantry.
Private T. Kerrigan* and Corporal
George Collamore have been appointed
sergeants of Company D of the same
regiment and Private Charles Moser
as company cook. Sergeants A. W.
Studley and F. O'Toole of the same
company have been assigned to the
regimental band.
Twenty-two men have been dis
charged from the Fifth Infantry on
account of removal, three for the good
of the service and one at expiration of
term of enlistment.
Has Successful Trial Trip.
The new steam schooner Shasta,
which was built at Grays Harbor for
the E. K. Wood Lumber Company and
engined at the Fulton Iron Works, had
her official trial trip yesterday, and
proved as good as required by the spec
ifications under which she was built.
With a large party on board and pilot
ed by Captain Hansen, who is to com
mand her, the Shasta was put through
her paces in the stretch of water in the
vicinity of Red Rock and then taken
outside the heads. She made an aver
age speed of 9.75 knots, and in the
rough water beyond the Golden Gate
showed herself a good sea boat.
Only those, with seasoned stomachs
enjoyed the test for seaworthiness.
Abraham Marks, who at his post of
duty at the Merchants' Exchange
knows all about ships and everything
else nautical, said afterward:
"When, we' first' got" outside I, was
afra)d the big seas would swamp and
sink the schooner. A few minutes later,
however, I was afraid they wouldn't.
Guess I was bilious." <■ -;.-1>i
The Shasta was built for the trade
between' here and Puget Sound ports,
and will run in connection- with the
Olympia. She will have, a capacity for
500,000 feet of lumber and accommoda
tions for thirty' passengers.
Since the return of the Polar expedi
tion led by Peary. Sverdrup and Bald
win only the Russian expedition of
Baron Toll is left in the north. He
spent the winter of 1901-02 on the island
of Katelnoi, and has not been heard
from sine* • ■ *.•*.- " *• .
THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 2S, 100*.
GRAHAM CONCERT
A BRILLIANT AFFAIR
How happy Donald Graham must
have been last nightJ If he wasn't—
but, of course, he was, because frienda
—the dearest possession that falls to
the lot of mortal man— had come to do
him honor. And they came in twos,
threes, scores, hundreds, until Steinway
Hall was groaning with its weight of
pretty women and their men folk.
When before was the hall tilled upon
to house so many? Seats and aisles
were pre-empted regardless of conven
tions, and it was deemed a pity that
the Pavilion had not been pressed into
service.
Such a concert audience! With hats,
without hats, semi-toilettes and tailor
gowns, tuxedos and office clothes— these
made up a motley but such an appre
ciative audience. What would the
Newport people say of our provincial
concert clothes? 'Tis lucky we're so far
away.
The programme was a gem— rather a
string of gems. Herewith is the string
as presented on the printed programme,
but it sadly omits the sweetest, mel
lowest melodies that were given as en
cores, and given so graciously, under
the direction of M. J. Stewart:
Violin solo, "ncraame pour Violin" (Salnt-
S&eii*) Nathan L*ndsberser; sons. <») "Dej
TronrVur ven i-akkinRen" (Nessler) (b)
"Dawn" (OJuy d'Hurdelot). D. At V. Graham;
Eor?. "Violets," Mms. Camille d'ArvllIe-Crel
lin- aria "lien Venuto" (Godard). H. M. Gll
lijj; Fonjr. * SeellKkelf (Von dcr Stucken). Mrs.
Jl E. Blanchard: souk, (a) "Pensje d'Au
inmn-" rMasreneO, «b) 'Chant Venetlen
rnemberE> D de V. Graham; eons, (a) ••Irish
Volkslled"' (Foote). <b) ••Aariette' (\ Ida!) D.
de \. Graham; violin 6j!o. "Am Meer (Schu-
Lert-WillielmH. by request. N. Uandsberger;
pone. Mmt- Omllle d'Arvllle-Crellln; 'Vasto,
Oh! f'asto Fior" — "Rol dc Lahore" — (Mas6e
net'j ■< H M. Gllliir: song. . "Haymaking"
• Necdham). Mis* M. E. Blanehard; son*, (a)
"Noel d'Irlandc" (Holmes), (b) "Ask Nothing
IN THE HANDS
OF HIS FRIENDS
Senator Bard Writes That He
Does Not Intend to Make
Any Effort to Be Ke-elected
Sp«dal Dispatch to The Call,
VENTURA, Feb. 27.— The Free Press,
recognized as Senator Bard's official
organ, this evening printed a letter
from Senator Bard, defining his Sena
torial ambitions. Extracts from his
letter is as follows:
"Your inquiry is whether I desire a
re-election, but I must first" say that
my wishes ought really to have very
little consideration in the matter. From
my standpoint I have nothing to do
with it. After my four years', service
the people of the State are the best
judges whether my experience is an
asset worth saving to the State.
"I am not intending to challenge
any one to a contest. I am intending
only to state that I do not offer my
self as a candidate for re-election. I
will not therefore make any effort to
be re-elected and will not accept the
honor of a re-election unless it comes
withoutsolicitationonmypart. Wheth
er this attitude can be .practically
dealt with I leave to you and other
friends to decide. To' a politician like
yourself I am quite sure that my po
sition, while recognized as theoretic
jilly correct, will appear to be unten
able if I expect to be re-elected, but
my expectations do not enter into the
discussion. I do not anticipate what
the Legislature may, do. I will do
nothing myself to influence any of its
members in the matter. If it should
elect me I shall consider it a com
mendation, of course.
"And so all this is to be summed
up by the statement that only in the
event that public sentiment should be
so pronounced in favor of my re-elec
tion tha| the honor shall be. tendered
to me substantially as it was before,
do I desire to be considered as a can
didate."
THINK BOSSLER
WAS MURDERED
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 27.— The almost
lifeless body of J. G.. Bossier of Seattle
was found in a corral on Wilmington
street Thursday morning. His throat
had been cut, the tracf a being severed
in such a manner that he could not
speak. Near him was a bloody razor.
The man died at the Receiving Hos
pital an hour after he was found with
out having been able to indicate the
cause of the wound which caused his
death. The Coroner's investigation re
sulted in* a verdict of suicide, and the
case was supposed to have been closed,
but to-day the detectiv'es took into cus
tody James Morris on suspicion that
he had murdered .Bossier. The officers
had been working on the murder the
ory from the beginning, and without
telling their suspicions to .the Coroner
permitted the* inquest to be held.' ]' ■
After the arrest of Morris ■ it ; was
learned that the detectives had been
informed that Morris and Bossier and
another man had been engaged in some
criminal transaction, in which Bossier
got all the booty. He tried to hold out
a portion of it and a quarrel' followed.
Bossier was seated on a truck and the
officers expect to prove that- Morris
drew a razor and threatened him .with
death unless he gave up a portion of
the money. Bossier laughed at the
threat. This so enraged Morris that he
is said to have slashed Bossler's throat
with the razor, and then, after search
ing him, left hint dying on the- ground.
By the time the man was found it
was impossible for him to make any
statement It is known that he had
money when he left his room, .but no
money was found on his body.
Morris is a notorious character.' He
is an opium, flend. .. He has been, In
trouble.. with the police many times.
He is supected of knowing much about
various highway robberies which have
been committed in this city during the
past several month*' — • ■
BY SALLY SHARP.
More" (Maizlals). D. de V. Graham.
"Who shall say 'that Nathan Lands
berger was not at his best? And how
good his best is!
Then came the night's hero — and he
performed in splendid style and an ova
tion followed. There were those who
said Donald Graham had lost his voice,
but if he had, he found it last night.
His last rendition left a sweet note
echoing through the ear as he bade his
last good-by.
Harry Gillig's "My Native Land" was
sung and re-sung till the echoes rang
In the rafters.
Mme. Camille d'Arville-Crellin— but
she's always Camille d'Arville to those
who love her art — looked a picture in a
floating gown of pearl and silver, and
she sang her songs straight into the
hearts of her hearers.
Mrs. Blanchard's chic little song, "No
One Marries Me," won deserved ap
plause.
The following women were responsi
ble fdr the splendid showing: Mrs.
Francis Carolan, Mrs. J. Dennis Arnold.
Mrs. Horace B. Chase, Mrs. S. C. Cut
ler, Mrs. W. L. Dean, Mrs. J. Arthur
Folger, Mrs. M. H. de Young. Mrs. Je
rome A. Hart, Mrs. C. Osgood Hooker,
Mrs. William Irwin, Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin, Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels. Mrs. M.
A. Tobin, Mrs. Joseph Tobin, Mrs. Wil
liam Tevis, Mrs. A. P. Whittell and
Mrs. S. Mountford Wilson.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Spear will en
tertain Mrs. Shaw, wife of. the Secre
tary of the Treasury, and her two
charming daughters on Monday even
ing at dinner at the Palace. The visit
ors are stopping at the Occidental.
ISLANDS NEED
TRAIN SERVICE
The Administration Believes
With Taft That Eailroads
Will Benefit Philippines
WASHINGTON. Feb. 27.—Legisla
tion authorizing the Philippine Gov
ernment to execute a guarantee of 4
per cent per annum on $40,000,000 of
bonds for railroad construction in
those islands is to be introduced in
the House next week by Chairman
Cooper Of the. House Committee on In
sular Affairs. This legislation will have
the support of the administration
through Secretary Taft, whose con
viction that railroads are the next
most essential step in the development
of the- Philippine Islands has been
made known to the Committee on In
sular Affairs. Secretary Taft, Chair
man Cooper and Colonel C. A. Edward,
chlet of the Insular Bureau of the War
Department, were in consultation to
day at' the' War Department and later
at,th,e Capitol. . . .
While the text of the proposed leg
islation has not been prepared, its ver
biage will be most simple and contain
the authorization to the Philippine
Government to issue the guarantee on
the capital to be invested in railroad
building. A restriction will be placed
in tho legislation limiting" the guaran
tee to American or Filipino capital.
The first roads to be built will be in
the island o£ Luzon. Some sections of.
the island, according to the belief of
Secretary Taft. will yield 4 per cent
from the beginning.
Other sections where railroads would
lead to the greater industrial develop
ment will not earn this amount on the
investment. At the most, however, it
is estimated that the Government
guarantee will only be needed for a
limited number of years. The strictest
kind of safeguards are to be embodied
in the legislation looking to an abso
lute accounting to Government repre
sentatives.
The plan, as at first outlined, pro
vided for a 3 per cent guarantee on a
total investment of $60,000,000. Upon
further consideration of the matter, it
was deemed advisable to reduce the
total amount to $40,000,000, and raise
the guarantee to 4 per cent. Should
the total amount of the guarantee be
balled for it would mean a total yearly
expenditure of $1,600,000.
It is predicted that telegraph lines
will follow the - railroad, newspapers
will be established along its lines, and
the educational, social and industrial
developments of the islands will be ac
complished faster and. more surely
than in any other manner.
Switchman Is Accidentally Killed.
SAN PEDRO. • Feb. 27.— Giles B.
Sullivan, aged 30, a switchman em
ployed in the Southern Pacific yards,
was killed this afternoon when engine
No. 1072 went off the track carrying
the unfortunate man down with it.
The accident was caused by a defective
rail. Sullivan was married only a
few months ago. His mother and two
sisters reside here.
Tacoma Gets Convention.
SEATTLE, Feb. 27.— The Republican
State Committee to-day selected Ta
coma as the place and May 11 as the
date for holding a convention to nomi
nate a State ticket and choose dele
gates to the national convention.
Bengruiat's Last Two Days at Palace.
If you have not yet added to your col
lection or bought for use In your home
one of Bengulat's famous and selected
rugs, you still have the chance to do it.
Hurry up; to-day, and to-morrow (Sun
day and Monday), from' 9 a. m. to 11 p.
m., the spacious Marble and Maple rooms
ln'the'Palace Hotel will be open with a
lot of .rare and- fine Persian and Anato
lian.rugs, awaiting your careful inspec
tion. • Thos.e i knowing the true value of
fine specimens in • Oriental rug line can
not -help- appreciate and admit' this is a
golden opportunity for good rug lovers
to secure valuable pieces at very tempt
ing prices. ••••■. •
WATCH FOR THE BEAUTI-
FUL ...
FULL PAGE PHOTOGRAPH
OF
CALIFORNIA'S PRIZE BABY.
JX> YOU KNOW WHO IT IS?
SEE THE i-'-Vji;
. '.- NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Ladies' Waists at Reduced Prices
Marvelous reductions have been made on the balance of our Flannel, Cheviot, Prunella Cloth,
Brilliantine, Albatros and Alpaca Waists. They are all perfect goods, made in the cleverest and
most fetching styles. To effect a quick clearance we offer them to-morrow at these extraordinarily
low prices:
Waists That Sold Regularly At $2.50 Reduced To $1.50
Waists That Sold Regularly At $3.75 Reduced To $2.00
/ Waists That Sold Regularly At $5.00 Reduced To $2.50
Waists That Sold Regularly At $7.00 Reduced To $3.50
Waists That Sold Regularly At $8.75 Reduced To $3.75
Black Dress Goods - Newest Weaves gsssv)
A grand display of exquisite fabrics awaits you here to-morrow. The latest productions from
the best Black Goods manufacturers in the world. Among them are the choicest weaves in Black
Lace Voiles, Chiffon Voiles, Lace Canvases, Fancy Etamines, Natte Eolians, etc. For to-morrow
we offer as a special :
50-inch Black Figured Canvas, regular $1.50 quality, at A I ft ft
50-inch Black Rope Cloth, regular $1.50 quality, a * > | ,UU
50-inch Black Seeded Etamine, regular $1.50 quality, at ) Y «rd
Ladies' New Spring Suits csssjso
The very newest conceptions are here — unlike anything to be seen elsewhere. Exclusiveness
is a feature of this department, and many excellent dressers recognize this fact. The following
exclusive styles on sale to-morrow :
Stylish Walking Suits of fancy mixed material, In light Pedestrienne Suits of light gray mixture, satin lined blouse,
tan, with a dash of green; military coat, collar- . . collarless effect with military cape; skirt with
less effect; full flare skirt; special at $25.00 new panel flounce; splendid value *iu.uu
Handsome Dress Suits of black or navy-blue Etamine, Exquisite Walking Suits of fancy light gray mixture,
with Eton jacket, silk lined and trimmed with «* pleated short jacket, silk lined; «ollar and cuffs
fancy braid, large puff sleeves; pleated skirt. . .$25.00 richly trimmed with garnet velvet; pleated skirt friJ.PO
cTWONDAY, FEBRUARY 29th, OPENING OF NEW SPRING
Silks, Laces, Dress Trimmings, Buttons, Belts, Ribbons, Waists and Hosiery.
The most elaborate display of Extreme Novelties ever shown in San Francisco
1904 WASH GOODS (^s£23) Draperies and Curtain Nets (i£2 r d s 7£0
Two Special Values for Monday Attractively Priced for Monday
Several hundred yards of sheer White Lawns and . c Figured Cretonnes, 36 ins. wide, in pretty floral de> i -
Dimities, 30 inches wide, for summer dresses, at l^C signs, suitable for bedroom drapery, worth 25c yd. 1 « C
Pretty French Zephyrs and Tissues, 32 ins. wide, In «% C/% Vestibule Curtain Nets, 20 ins. wide, in Arabian color,.- -
a large variety of designs; real value 50c yd., at ZoC for French windows, door panels, etc., worth 5ocyd.*jC
SALE OF SHOE POCKETS STAMPED WAIST PATTERNS
(Second Floor Kearny St.) (Second Floor Kearny St.)
These useful articles are stamped in various designs We have received another supply of those pretty Shirt
ready for etching. They are made of good serviceable Waist Patterns. They are stamped on fine white Oxford,
tan duck and bound with red braid. Priced this way : ready to be embroidered. Acorn, Pomegranate,
With 2 Pockets, on sale at 1 0c; 6 Pockets, on sale at 25c Butterfly, Scroll, Stilletto and Conventional de- Cj Z A
With 4 Pockets, on sale at 20c; 8 Pockets, on sals at 35c sigTis— all exquisite patterns. To-morrow at. . *>*•«»
Ladies' Collars and Cuffs a l e r . 8 r U F y Io s o t0 SALE OF COMBS (^£0
Two Exceptional Values. 35c and 40c Styles for 25c
Dainty tailor-made turnover Collars, made of white .- Hair br£Ssi Comb jn both Ladics> d Gents , sizss>
Cheviot, in various designs, worth 25c, sale price 13C SQme made ofr u bbe r, some of celluloid and others of French
Turn-over CoIIarand Cuff Sets, of sheerwhite Lawn, horn, in black, white and shell, highly polished and c
hemstitched and embroidered; worth 35c set, at.. .aUC i finished, worth 35c & 40c each. Sale price to-morrow
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention. Samples Sent to Jtny Jfddress.
OUTLINE BRIGHT FUTURE
FOR POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL
Trustees Adopt Resolutions That
Scope of Institution Shall Be Broad
and Cour«cs Thorough.
The board of trustees of the Cali
fornia Polytechnic School met in this
city yesterday. Those present were
Trustees S. C. Smith of Bakersfield,
E:' J. Wickson of Berkeley, R. M.
Shackelford of Paso Robles, F. A.
Hilm of Santa Cruz, Warren M. John
of San Luis Oblspo and State Super
intendent of Public Instruction Kirk.
Professor Le Roy Anderson, direc
tor of the school, made various rec
ommendations for the future govern
ment of the institution, which were
adopted by the board. It was further
decided that the next school year be
divided into three terms of twelve
weeks each, the first from September
15 to December 15, the second from
January 1 to March 1 and the third
from April 1 to June 20.
Trustee John introduced the follow
ing resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That it is the intention of this
board to use every effort to make the California
Polytechnic School a useful Institution for the
young people of California, to the end that It
shall ultimately afford Instruction alone me
chanical lines and become in every sense a
thorough polytechnic school. It Is the Inten
tion to sd conduct the school that it may pro
duce educated farmers, dock raisers, dairy
men and orchardists. cultured matrons and
homemakers, as well as skilled mechanics, all
of whom may be an honor to California and
the nation. As the Legislature meets the de
mands for financial aid. it Is the Intention of
the beard to install a complete plant for in
struction In blacktsmithlng, plumbing, general
iron work and electrical construction.
James 12 J ward Roadhouse of Berkeley was
added to .the faculty as instructor In irriga
tion, horticulture and forestry. Edward Wal
ter Jount of Oakland was named as instructor
in carpentry.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Barton J. Powell of Stockton is
at the Palace.
* Dr. C. W. Benjamin of Geyservilie Is
at the Lick.
F. A. HiHn, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the Palace. »V
Colonel L. W. Juillard of Santa
Rosa is at the California.
Dr. and Mrs. Alexander of San An
selmo are at the Occidental.
A. Brizard of Arcata and Henry F.
Brlzard of Dry town, mining men, are
at the Lick.
John H. Hanan, the well-known
shoe manufacturer of New York, and
family are at the Palace.
Mrs. L. M. Shaw, wife of the Secre
tary of the United States Treasury,
and her two daughters arrived from
Washington yesterday and are staying
at the Occidental.
Rev. Charles Comfort Tiffany, arch
deacon of the Episcopalian diocese of
New York and author of a number of
religious books, arrived from the East
yesterday and j Is registered at the
Palace. 5 ; * ■;
Dr. George S. von Wedelstaed*. a
leading physician of Chicago, who be
gan his professional experiences in San
Mateo and Burlingame a few years
ago, arrived in this city yesterday and
is staying at the Palace. He Is mak
ing a tour of the State.
Collfornians in New York.'
NEW YORK, Feb. 27. — The follow
ing Callfornians are in New York:
From San Francisco— -H. Bohls, at the
Herald Square; W. F. Herrin and G.
L. King, at the Holland; 'G. B. \Ro*.
ers, at the Imperial, and D. Samman,
at the Belvidere. From San Bernar
dino — C. Hebder, at the Navarre.
Contractors Warned.
In an inquest held yesterday on the
body of W. W. Copeland, who- died on
February 10 from injuries received
from falling into the basement of a
building in course of construction at
the corner of Turk and Leavenworth
streets, the jury returned a verdict of
accident, and added:
"We, the Jury, recommend that the
contractors of this building, with these
engaged in the construction of other
buildings, erect higher fences or guards
around openings connecting with side
walks."
G. Patterson Is the contractor and
A. Sjogran the foreman of the building
in front of which the accident took
place.
Hundreds of petitions have accum
ulated at the Vatican from painters
and sculptors asking the Pope far sit
tings. All these applications have
been refused.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GREAT BARGAINS
IN SPRING SUITS
AT WHOLESALE PRICES
WE ARE MANUFACTURERS— SEE OUR WINDOWS
H42 MARKET STREET,
i^r^-'*- ' Bet. Mason and Taylor Sts.
; *\ . v: san.francisco.
ATTORNEY IS EN ROUTE '
TO THE ISLAND OF YAP
Walter C. Hartridge Is Authorized by
Heirs to Claim the Kstatc of
the Late Kins-
"Walter Charlton Hartridge, a prom
inent attorney of Savannah, Ga., sailed
yesterday for the Caroline Islands.
He is bound for the island of Yap in
the Interest of the heirs of the late
David O'Keef. -who -was familiarly
known as the "Kin? of the Island of
Yap." O'Keef died abont a year ago,
leaving an estate valued at about
$1,000,000, which is claimed by a widow
and other heirs in this country.
The '"King" will be officially declared
dead on May 12, by which time Attor
ney Hartridge •will be ready to- present
his claims to the Island government for
administration. ■ . . •
Harvard • University is , to have the
famous zoological collection of Baron
de Beyet of Brussels, through, the klnd
nes so& Mr. Carnegie. It is rich in ex
tinct birds.[ ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Dry Goods *^^^^ ; Company I
|. — |
I Curtains and Draperies !
5 VARIETY, ORIGINALITY AND NOVELTY, UNITED WITH %
S AN EXTREME REASONABLENESS IN PRICES. : : : : : •
S v 1 ' S
• Spring: style Portieres in plain colors and figured effects, pair $5.00 •
• Gordon Repps with bordered sides and bottom in all the new '•
e colorings, pair $6.00 £
O Mercerized Portieres, cord finish in five different shading^, oair 2
S $7.50 and $8.00 o
Jr ft
x Extra handsome Portieres with heavy striped, colored bordering-, •
J pair $9.00 tO $12.50 S
O American Arabian Curtains, new patterns and full skc, specials, •
o pair $3.75, $4.50, $5.00 and $6.50 %
o Art Draperies in sateen, plain and fancy denims, linine - all new %
J colors I i $20, $25, $30 and $35 g
All shades Plain Burlap, newly opened at our special price, yard %
.S 15c I
J Curtains hung free of charge in San Francisco, •
O Oakland and Alameda* ' •
• , •
5 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
9 Cftrj ttd Etccitcc Streets, Union Squari- 9
"I ' ■ C *w»i*rr \<*1 iralniUsTrandar*
1 V j trdtrts f . J due to arrive at
vCrv^gEJ^ JijJ san fkaxcisco.
■ >^ f* i S <U«!b Line. Feny Dr,->ol.
. *^^ Tooipt Markri HtreCt i
U.tt — ftniTriflcuT 17. l«04. — akcitT
' 7.00& V»c«T|I!r. Winter*, liu n»r> 7 GOr
' 7-U3* Benlc'a. Suttua. Klmlraand 6*cr»-
mmiu 7-Z0r
' 7 I3» Vallrjo. Nipa. Cn'.istoc*. Santa
Hofta. '.u-:;t';.. 8»n [iimon S2C"
7 23» Kltaa. Lltfrmcrt, Tracy. Lithrop.
6:eck:on 7-20f
8-00* £h>.»» KzprcM — fTta Darin.
Wlii'.amt .for R«r;>:t
XVtHowi ♦Fruto. l:ed BUS.
Portland. Ticcimt. brattle 7-50<*
I C3« rnf.s. V»'f.. ..; »Ml. Kn';a:i i.»:,i.i,».
Marytviii*. Orovi!!e 7-50^
6-30* Port Cotta. Martinez. Antioo.i.
Byron. Tracy. Stm-lcton. Xcw-
. ■' tnau. Los li«nm. Mectiota.
AnnoBn. Uanford. V. cat la.
Port«TTi::e 4.20»
f S3* Tort C<*ts. M«rtlnn, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Mudrcn. M<rrrit Frriao.
<;o*hra .:«n"'"n. Wan ford.
. . Vfva'.ia. pakenCeM 4.50r
. t 30* TCtles. ?an .loi*. Kivermore. Stock-
ton. OMIUou). iunc. Sacramento,
Plarrrt'Me. Uaryirille. Cbicu.
Ht-d Bluff 4.20r
• ' i.SO* Oakrtair. t."hine«e. .latcettovn. So-
tinra. Tuoluirne and Asitel* 4 20r
I CO. Atlantic KxpreM— Ocdcn »nd E«tt. 11.20*
850* KIcfctiioBd. Martinez aod TTay
Ktaflorn 6 50p
•ICtIO* Tbe Overland Limited — ogden.
l>eu«er. Umiba, a;n;o G 20r
T0*0» Valleju 1220r
■ 10CO*L>'.« Anr'i r » r***tugrz— Von
«;otta. Martinet, liyron. Tracy,
I.atUrop. Stockton. Mercrd.
!:»ymoB<l. r'rennu. Corhen .Junc-
tion, llnnfnrd. Lemoore. Vlvalla.
naker»fl»i<l. Lo« Atizelei 7. 20"
52 en* Hay ward. Nllea an<l TTay Stationi. 3 20e
«1 StOr Sarraraeoto Hirer 6(Minrr» tii-Oite
J ii> Bealcta. K Inter*. Sacramecto.
TToo<2:an<i, Kn'chtt Landlnir.
MaryfTiiie. Ororl!le and way
tutioai 10-604
5.50r Hayvard.N'iiecacd Way 6iat:ont.. 7 &0f
ZZOr ?on Coata, Marilner. Byron.
■Tracy. Lalhrup. Mode* to.
Merced. Fre*ao and Way Sta-
tlnns beyond Port Cotta 12 20r
3 30r Martiner. Tracy. 6toctt©D. Lodl... 10.20*
4 CDr Martinez. 6«b Ramon. ValleJo.Napa,
« a;'.ito»a. S»nta floia 920*
4.00p Sllea. TraeT. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
4 ZOr Bay ward. Kllea. Irricfton. San I '850*
Jo»e. Ltrennve J tl 1.50a
Et)Or The Owl Ltmlied— Xewmau. Lo»
Bano*. Mendtita. Freino. Tnlare.
Bakenfleld. Lot Ancelet.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to I.o§ Anfr»>«, for c LI-
caro. via C. B. 1. * P 8 50*
f-CSr Port Coata. Tracy. Stockton 12-20r
"6 ZOr Hayward. MitKid tiatJote 7.20*.
6 OOr Hayward. Nlleiand 6an Joie 9-bO*
' 6 COr Ea»tern ExpreM— Orden. Denrer.
Omaha. 6t. Louis. Chicago and
Ka»L Port (oils. B*Dlc!a. Sul-
aua. Elir.ira. l)arls. Sacramento.
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfaz,
Truckee. Doc a. Reno. TVadt-
xrorth. 'Wlcnrmaeca 5 20'
' I. COr Vallejo. daily, except Sunday.... » ;c .,
• 7~O0r Vallejo. Sunday only f '»« r
7X0r !-.:• brrond. fcaa PabU>. Port Coita,
tlarttnea and Way Mat Job • 11 -20a
1-CEf Oregon k. California Expret*— Sae-
raBeoto, Maryttllle. Redding.
Portland. Push 6ousd and Eatt. 8 50*
t-IOr Hayward. Nllea and San Joie (Son-
■ aayonly) 11-60*
COAST LINE : (Mrraii (iaa|t«).
<Foot ot Market Street )
S.'I&a ffwwark. Oonterrllle. £«n Jote.
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crnz and Way Statlont BS5»
12-16' Newark. Cent^rrllle. San Jote,
3>ew Almaden. Lot Gatot.Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux tn>:
rrlncl;al Way Btatlon flO SB*
*\lr Bewark. San Jote, LoiQatot and 1 *8.55*.
wayata::oa» "l :1055a
' «9-5Sr EnBtera Train. Batarday only. Pan
Joae and Way Statlona. Return-
!ci from Lo« u»to» Sunrtay «n!T. ;7 25i"
OAKLAND HAR¥oW~FE:1?RYT
rroBi fcAN >I'.A.NC:m.O. Kootf>r Market St. (Sllptl
— 1C:1S *:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 B.itr.M.
VreB OAKLAND. Foot of Uroadway — tC:OU ti-.m
1«:05 10: 00 A..U. 1 2-00 2.00 4. 00 r.M.
COAST LINlT7Bro»«i;a.irf).
(W (Third and Totrufeml Streett.)
" iiOA-San Joae and" W ay~Stat1ont 6 . J 0 r
7. CO a S*« Joae and Way Statfont 5.38 r
IjOOa Kev A.".m*6rn (Tun., FrM.. only), 4.1 Or
• X0a Tke Coatu-r— 6top< only 6an Jone.
Gllroy (connection for Hollla-
t«r). Pajaro. CMtrorJIle (con-
section to and from Mon'erey
•nd Pacific Urove), £al!nat. Eaa
Ardo. Pato Roblet. Santa Mar
St-!:a. San Lull Obltpo, prtoclpal
• . atatlont ttence Surf (connection
4 . tor Locipoc). principal ttatlont
thence Santa Barbara.Ran Burn*-
vrntura, f-autut. Lot Angelet... 104S'
C.COa Cm Joae. Trea Plnoa. Capltola,
eantaCrur.PaclflcGrore.Salinaa,
Saa l.u'.t Obltpu and Principal
Way 6tat!bBt ,.,. r ,, r 4-10*
IOJOa Ran Jote and Way StaUona 1.20r
11 -iO* Santa Clara. San Jo««. Lot Gatci
anJ Way «»utioc« /.flip
1 JSr Ean Joae and Way 6tat!ont 8 36*
X 00i* Del Monte F.xprent— Santa C.ara,
6ar. Jote. If. Moute, Monterey,
fact flc Grore (connecU at 6ani*
Clara for Sacta Crux, Boulder
Creek an4 KarrowGaugePoinUJ
■t Gl:roy for Holllctcr. Tret
Ptnot. at CattmTtlle forSalinaa. 12-15'
3 ?Pr Tret Plnoa Way P»t»en«er 10.45a
4 52r Ban Jote aud War Statlknt 1B.CQ*
ttCOr fe«s J*»«. < Tl * Santa Clara) Lot
tjttot. asJ Principal Way Sit-
Uont (except Bundar) CO*
1-lVf EanJotcandPrladpalWayStatlont {9.40a
fcXOi- fcuTj»rt Listlted.— i:edwo<4. San
Jote. Gllrov.ballnat. Paao Uoblea.
Ms Lutt Obltro. Saata Barbara.
Lot Anrclet. Demlnc. Kl Paao.
»*rw urlean*. >>» Tork. Con-
BccU at Pa.1aio for Sent* Crux
and at Caotroviiin for Pacific
Orore ted Way Statlosa 7.1B*
IS lie fcabUateo,Ceretford,Be!tnont,6u
Cur'.c*. Redwood. Fair Oakt,
MenloPark. Palo Alto.. ....... — rg.4t»
5 SOr E«n«cae and Way StaUont 6S6*
tilOr Palo Alto and Way Statlont 10.15*
11.3O »outh ban Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bnr-
ItBgamz. San &Sateo. Belmont.
fan Curie*. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Meoio Park, and Palo Alto fl.45r
eii-SCr Viyte.6. Monnttln View. Euney-
val», Lawreace, Santa Clara and
Can Joae tS.»t>
A for Morn) ng. P for Af ternoos.
1 Eenday excepte4- t Eanday only.
e eaicrda? otiy.
|-Cic-pa at all atat'.ont oa Sunday.
fir" Ociy irmtm atopptnic al Valencia 8u touthboaad
ere* : 10 A..X, 7:00* Mm Xl:80 A.H, l.tDr JU. f.SOr.M. and
l:«rjt .
wIeTcali
16 Pages. SlpcrYcaP
CALIFORNIA 1
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
LEAVES DAILY I
at U::iO a. m, throngfe in ;{ days, fl
with diner and all trapping's. §
Other Saata 7e Traias|
n-'-'o t' 1^ for Stockton. Fresno. Hakersfield.
8 00 *' mf Mtrt «<J. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 d. m. for Stockton.
8:CO p. m. for Kan;aa City. Grand Canyon and
Oiicaco.
TICKET OrriCES — C41 Market St., and
Terry Depot, S. F. Alto 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL 37 South First St.,
San Jose. \
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UM FRANGIS.U ANj NUflTH PAGiFU
HAILWAY COMPAinr.'
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot ot Markat Street.
sazt mANCisco to saw kafazx..
WEEK UAYS— 7:3«. »:«J<). ll:cua. m.; I^::i6,
3:oO. S:1O. 6:30 p. ni. Vhuredaya — Extra trip
at 11:20 D. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:oft. »:i0, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30
3:00. 5:u>. «:^'<.'. 11:30 p. ni.
SAK X^iFASZi TO SAN FSANCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:<i5, 7::i3, 7:&O, l#:^u, 11:13
a. m. : 12:.V>. ."i:40. 6:C0^o:S0 \>. m.
Saturday? — Kxtra lrtp~at -:oT» and C:33 p. m.
.SUXl'AlS-8:im, 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40, 4:55, i:CT>. 6:25 p. m.
L<ea\« I In Effect | Arrive
San Kranclsca.l StM. 27. 1VO3. |San Francisco.
Week | Sun- ( Uestlna- Sun- | Week
Days. | days, i tion. days. | t)a>t.
7:3y a; 8:00a! I 9:10 al 8:40 a
l»:30a lenatij. J10:40 ajlO:2o a
3:30pf 3:3Op ti:iir> p: 6:^0 p
5:1U pj a:OOpi | 7 :35 p|
7 :3O a| | | 9:10a| 8:40a
8:00a| Novato. |lu:4O a|10:2i»'a
3:30 pi 9:30a] Tetaluma «i:C5 pi 6:20 p
S:10pl3:o0p and 7:Gip[
I 5:tK> p| Santa Rosa. |
7:30a| j ' ' 110:40 a"lO:2O a
j 6:00 a] Fulton. 7:3op ti:2yp
3:30 p| 3:34 p| | j
j I triadaor. | |
7:30a S:OOa lleakubur;. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30p 5:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Clorerdale,
7:S0a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 y\ 3:50 p| and L'kiah. 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:3OalTrooa| WliYlta. |T:35~pT *~0 p
7 :30 a j 8 :C*> al 110:40 a ' 10 :2O a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| Cucrnevllle. | 7::Kip| 8:20 p
7:30 aj 8:0<ia| Sonoma. | 0:10 a] 8:4Oa
5:10 p| 5:O0pj Glen Ellen. j 8:OSpj 0:30 p
"7:30a| 8:O0a| |10~:40"a|i0*:2O a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| Sebastopol. j 7:35 p] 6:2D p
STAUES connect at Grfen Bra« Tor San
Qufntin; at Santa Rcsa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton Jor Lytton Springs; at Gey-
i-f-rv.lle for Skascis Kprinss: at Ooverdale for
tb« Gey«en. Iio<>n?vilie and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Sprinffa, IligMand Springs.
Kelbeyvllle. Carlkbad SprlnKa, boda liny. Lake-
port and Bartlett Sprines; at I'kiah tor Vichy
SprtnRS. Saratoga Sptinics. Blue I^akes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprlnjs, L'i>p«-r Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Hlverside, Lierly's,
iSiicV:nells. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptthe. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mcndoelno City, Tort BraKS.
Westport. I'fcal; at Willit* for Fort Uragt;.
Wratpurt. Sherwood. Canto. Cuvelo. Laytun-
vllle. Cummlnga, Dell's SprlnB», Harris. Ol-
een'a. L»>*r. Garbrrvlll?. Pepperwoo<3. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
ductd rates.
On Sunday rcund-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Refuel at half rates.
Ticket offices. C30 Market street. Chronicle
building-.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. llansctr. Gen. Pasi Art.
■ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL -VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Tla Sausalito Terrj.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily 7:00, 8:W>.
0:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:15.
015 «15. 7:00. S:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO FAN FRANCISCO
— Dallj. 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m., 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45, 6:45,
8: fROM 20 Ju'll' VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
risco — Daily. B:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55,
11:20 a. m., 12:S5. 2:00, 3:15, 4:03, 5:05, 0:05,
7:05, 8:00. 10:35 p. m.
THP.OUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. daily — Ctzadero and way station*.
0:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted) —
Tomalcs and way stations. •
3:1& p. in. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
ttatlons. . ,
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. -
TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lea»« Via Sttmlita hrrj I Arrire
aaaFrandaco NtrfMtrkatK. San Fnmdao
Week Soa* _am Sv>- I Week
P»r«- <Uys jrtWBWBtk days Dayx
•>!*» 1»8:OOa ERkm6S& 12:Oftp 10:404
*1:4Sp »:OOa IS SEgSw l:35p S:AOr
ftllftr 1O:OOa »:*Of 5:S0r
11:OOa XES rar 4:fiOr 9:»t*
- ■ l:45p S:B«r .
.. , , 3:Mr »:8Or "_-^_
*■— at»ittikp>r X ~ Ms— asdTCkrrOaay
" nCUT J 626 MA*rrr ST..(North Shore RailroaST
imOB | aad SAtnutrro FsMxr. Foot Markat St.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY. FEBRUARY .28, 1904.
BREWERS OFFER
HANDSOME SUM
Give Solid Aid to the City
Project to Have Building
and Exhibit at St. Louis
SUBSCRIPTIONS TO DATE
List of Those AVlio Put Their
Hands in Pockets for Coin
Needed to Insure Success
i The Brewers' Protective Association
> has given $1500 to the fund for a San
j Francisco building and exhibit at the
j St. Louis Exposition. 'The Southern Pa
i cine Company has pledged $1000 and
; the Bank of California $500. This en
courages the committee of fifty to hope
that the entire amount will be forth
coining within the next month. When
ihe fact is known th;k the whole sum
must be subscribed by April 1 in order
that contracts may be let in time, those
intending to contribute will appreciate
the need of haste.
San Francisco has undertaken
through mercantile organizations to
iai?e £50,000 for the special building and
display, and the city's financial re
' sources and public spirit will be judged
j largely by the success or failure that
I attends the effort. No better advertis
i ing venture has ever been proposed for
| any city, and, properly carried out. San
j Francisco should feel its benefits in the
I shape of added material prosperity for
i years to come.
\ The Board of Supervisors has consid
■ eied the mater of sufficient importance
I t« pledge $15,000 of the municipal reve
j nUe to the purpose, and the rest must
| come from private sources. A list of
j the larger subscriptions received to
| date is as follows:
Brewers' Protective Association, $1500;
Southern Pacific Company, $1000; Bank of
• •alifornla. *.">W: First National Hank, ?250;
I Wells. Kargo & Co. Hank, $230; Crocker-
I Wool worth Hank, $^50; James V>. Phflan, *250;
' San Francisco Savings Union, $200; Hib?rnia
' Savings and Loan Society. SL^; Pacific HaiJ
wai-e and .Steel Company, $L'OO; Thomas Magee
& Sons, $l."K»; Hale Ur<>5.. Inc.. 5150; M. H. de
Young, ?100; E. B. Pond, $100; George K.
Fiuh $1CO; U. R. Thompson, $100; l>yon 6t
Hoag' *10O; London and Liverpool and Glo'^e
Insurance Company, $100; Sherman. Clay &
\ Co., $Hh>; Daniel Meyer, $1CO; German SavinKs
I and Loan Society, ?10»; Mercantile Trust Com
pany. $100; American National Bank, $10o;
Don'ohoe-Kelly Banking: Company, SllK); Anglo
| Callforn!an liank, J10O; Planing Mill Owners'
Association. $100; Levi Strau?s & Co.. *10U;
Pacific Coast Uorax Company. $100; Mutual
Savins" Bank. $7fi; Anton Borel Banking Com
pany $50; Savings ar.d 1-oan Society, $50: San
Francisco National Bank. $50; Central Trust
Company $5t>: International Banking Corpora
tion $30; California Safe Deposit and Trus-t
, Company, $."»O: Kedlngton & Co., $50; Cali
fornia Barrel Company, ?5O; Nathan, Dohrmann
Ci.mpany. *r«O; Baker & Hamilton. $50; Amts
! & Harris. $50; W. P. Fuller & Co.. $50: H.
I S. Crocker Company. $50; Hlcks-Judd Corn-
I pany, $50- Charles U. Bluhop, ?50; E. II.
| Itollins * Son. $50; LanKlry & Michaels $50;
I Mill Valley an«l Mount Tamalpais Scenic Rail
road .$50-" A P. Hotaling. $50; W. T. Garrett
& Co., $50; Sanborn. Vail & Co.. $50; .Ies«e
I Moore-Hunt Company. J50; Dalrj'men's Union
i of California. $50: S. Bachman & Co.. $j*>:
Alexander A. Baldwin, $50; Pacific Metal
Work! $30: The Owl Drug Company, *2«>;
Columbia Phonograph Company, $25; Wesi-
I em National Bank of San Francisco,
I J25; Stockton MilllnK Company. $25:
■ Sherwood & Sherwood. $25; Hey. Orauerholtz
! Company, $25: Greenebaum, Well &. Mlchels,
j $25; Humboldt Savings and Loan Society, $2.'»;
; Edward Brown & Sons. $25; Hartford Fire
I Insurance Company. *25; Yokohama Specie
! Bank, $2r.; .1. B. F. Davis & Son. ?1S; Deere
i Implement Company. $25: Harron. Rlcard &
I McCone. *25; Vickery. Atkins & Torrey. $25;
i Parafrtne Paint Company. $25; Hunt Bros. &
i Co.. $25; Security Savings Bank, $25; Golden
' West Hotel. ?25; Main & Winchester, $23;
| Livingston & Co.. $25; F. P. & J. A. Hooper,
$23; Payot, Upham & Co.. $25; George Haas
& Son. $2T»: Spruance. Stanly & Co., $25: Carl
i son. furrier * Co.. $23: Voss, Conrad & Co..
i *25; Morton Draying and Warehouse Company,
$25: Holmes Lime Company, $25; W. R. Grace
&. Co. $25; Bullock & Jones Company. $25;
Justinian Caire &. Co.. $25; J. A. Folzer &
J Co. $25; Bancroft-Whitney Company. $23;
! Hills Brof., »25;"» Williams, Dlmond & Co..
$25- Bovee. Toy & Co.. $25; George Warren
Hooper. $25: Stockton Milling Company, ?25;
' A. Fleishaiker & Co.. $25.
MANY SPECIAIi SERMONS
TO BE PREACHED TO-DAY
Monthly Musical Services Will Be
Held at First and Fourth Con
gregational Churches.
Services at the churches to-day are
as follows:
California-street M. E. — Morning. "The
Tongue": e\eninK, 'What Is It to Be a Chris
tian'.'" Pastor, Rev. Clarence Reed.
Central M. E. — Evening. "Saved as By
Fire." Pastor, Kcv. OeoiRB W. White.
Crace M. K. — Morning. "My Brother's Keep
er"; evening:. ."A Society Castaway." l'astur.
Kev V M. Larkln.
Kknmon.l M. E.— Eveninsr, "The Founda
tions cJood end Had." Pastor, Itev. iu. V.
Rale/.
Trinity M. H.— Morning, "The Supreme Test
ct Loyalty": evening, sermen. Pagtor, Ilev.
John A. U. Wilson.
First Kngllsh Lutheran — Mornlna;. "The
1-arger Christ": evening. "The Halms in Nero's
' Household." l'antor, Kev. li. Nelutider.
Emanucl Evnn_£«:Hcal — Morning, "A l>ei«ert
and a Garden" : evenins. "Seizing: O%r Oppor
tunities." I'as-tor. Rev. F. Vv*. Fischer.
The Faullt-t Fathers will open a mission this
mornlns at 10:30 o'clock mass In fet. Peter's
Church.
Rev. Joseph HIckey will preach at the 10:30
o'clock mass in St. iKnatius Church this rriorn
ins. Rev. Edward Allen will deliver the ser
mon In the evening.
lltv. Father Woodman, C. S. P., will preach
the second of his course of Lenten sermons on
••The Interior L-ife of the Soul" In St. Mary's
Panllat Church this mornlnK at the 11 o'clock
mass. His subject will be "Its Nourishment."
Rev. Father Harvey will preach this evening
at Holy Crosa Church. His subject will bo
"Alan'u Pride."
The usual monthly musical service will be
given at First Conpregatlonal Church this
evening. It will be an evenlnir with JMcmlcls
fcohn; all the pieces selected will be from that
farnoun composer. Samuel D. Mayer will di
rect the chclr. Rev. George AV. Adams will
epeak on "The Life and Work of Mendels
sohn."
The following musical programme
will be given this evening in the
Fourth Congregational Church:
Organ voluntary, "F"ugue" (Dach): anthem.
"O Be Joyful" (Danks), choir, eoprano solo by
MIks L-Ippltts: Scripture reading; hymn; solo,
"But the Lord Is Mindful of "His Oi-u," from
"Elijah," Miss Orace Ewlng; duet for violins,
eelected, Mrs. Walz and Mr. Portls; prayer,
response by choir; anthem. "It Js a Good Thing
to Give Thanks" (Emerson), barytone boIo by
Mr. Crist; hymn: duet, "Quls est Homo." from
"Stabat Mater," Miss LIppltts and Miss
Ewlng: anthem. "The Lord Is My Shepherd"
(Raumbach). choir, trio by Miss Llppitts. Miss
En Ing and Mr. Crist; hymn; offertory, "Night
Song" (Loeschhorn); eermon. Rev. E. L.
■Walz — sujpject. "Music"; hymn; benediction;
postlude. "March Maestese" (Flagler).
Dr. Egerton R. .Young, the author,
preacher and lecturer, will give his
closing address in the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium. -Ma
son and Ellis streets, this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. The hall will be dark
ened and the work among the North
American Indians will be thrown upon
the/ canvas.
The sermon at the devotions of the
Calvarian Society in St. Mary's Ca
thedral to-day will be preached by
Rev. Joseph P. Tobin. Devotions
commence at 3 o'clock.
$40.00 Fine Bedroom Suit for $6.00
This Week.
All this week at the PATTOSIEN*S
the entire line of $40.00 Bedroom Sets
will be closed out for $6.00 at PATTO
SIEN COMPANY, corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets. •
IMPROVES HIS
OWN INVENTION
Diamond Syndicates Keenly
Feel the Effect of Sci
ence's Keceat Venture
AMERICAN INVENTOR
Achieves Phenomenal Suc
cess in Making a Diamond
of Wonderful Brilliancy
Dealers in precious stones will try
to prevent the manufacture and sale
of a wonderful gem that will revolu
tionize the sale of the real diamond the
world over.
Thi? recent production has brought
additional famo to a brilliant Ameri
can who, after many experiments and
great expense, has produced a gem of
amazing hardness and luster. Even ex
perts are helpless and at a less to ac
count for its wonderful hardness and
splendor.
What effect this gem will have upon
the price of the genuine is watched
with considerable interest, as the vast
difference in valuation, together with
the similarity of the newly Improved
sapph-diamond, which so closely re
sembles the real as to^defy detection,
makes the ultimate outcome problemat
ical.
This gem is an exhibition at David
son's Palace, 124 Kearny street, and it
requires no artificial lights whatever
to demonstrate its striking beauty and
wonderful display of brilliancy.
The inventor will not permit -his gems
to ba sold except in his own palaces,
which are under his direction, fearing
that some .unscrupulous dealer would
substitute an imitation or represent this
newly improved sapph-diamond to be
the genuine.
STUDENTS' WORK .RECEIVES
EDUCATORS' COMMENDATION
31<*mbcrs of Board of Education Select
Posters Drawn by Scholars for
St. Louis Exposition.
The nwarding committee of the pos
ter exhibit given by the pupils of the
Polytechnic High School has made
several selections from the art work of
the. students. The best of the post
ers will be sent to the St. Louis Ex
position with the educational exhibit
from this city.
The committee was composed of
Alfred Roncovieri, president, and C.
YV. Mark and T. F. Boyle, members
of the Board of Education; A. Altman
of Mark Hopkins Art Institute and A.
A. McCurda, deputy superintendent of
schools.
The students whose work was se
lected are:
Helen A. Ashton. I. W. Melsted. I^aura
Qulncy. May Fltzhenry, Wilna Beverly, Henry
Johnson, Herbert Roth.
Those who received honorable men
tion arc:
Hazel Mills. Marian Faverner, Kva Johnson,
Louise Clawson, Marian Anne, Jessica Smitten
Edith Rodda.
Those whose work received special
mention are:
Lucle Czarneck!. Frank Draper. Bessie
Glover, Gertrude McMahon, Eleanor Reeved
Marsaret Thompson.
DID YOU EVER READ
ANYTHING MORE FASCIN-
ATING THAN THE
PRELUDE TO
"TO-MORROW'S TAXGIjE,"
BY GERALDIXE BOXXER?
TIIK SECOND INSTALLMENT
IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Will startle you with Its vivid
iwrtrnltiire.
Gives Reception to Grelf.
Friday evening, February 26, a re
ception was tendered to John J. Greif,
the recently elected County Clerk, by
Dorsan Nicholas at his residence, C33
Shotwell street. The affair was infor
mal ar.d a pleasant evening was spent
by all present.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j _pwelopin£ J
**"n °** — - -
J iVr-inting* *&%
YOUR NEGATIVES
Will 1>e Developed and Printed right
If you have me do the work. I'm
properly equipped for It, and my
work tors all over the coast. My
prices will please you. because they
are lower than those of any one el.-c
in this business. Here are a. few
flcures:
Developing — Roll of six, 10c; roll
. Of twelve. 15c ■
Printing— Sollo finish. 3c to 5c;
velox finish, 3c to Cc.
Bear in mind that I carry in stock
all the popular sizes of films, includ-
ing daylight loading cartridges. My
prices axe low.
Out of town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PUTS
F. W. PITTS.
1CCS Market Street, abovo Powell,
Pan Francisco.
Pal an* *> 0NfT FAIL T0
laiatW iee beautiful
' « COURT Lounging
fl flfl room, the EMPIRE
allll PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM. \h»
IfniflU LOUIS XV PAR-
O / DIES ' WRITINO
I Hotels 1 gooM -
FOR RENT FOR ONE YEAR.
In the Mont ecito Valley, adjoining
Santa Barbara, the residence of Mr.
I. G. Waterman. Apply to Santa Bar-
bara Realty and Trust Company, or
other agents at Santa Barbara. -•
g — " — a
I UnexcefSed Values §
a Season Now Op;n-ln fall Swing . g
I 4DQ0 NEW STYLE TAILOR SUITS |
■ , n
O Never before were we prepared sa early to show such a large . d
gj and elegant variety of Tailcr-Made Garments as we arc at present. q
■ "We havs enlarged our factory and employ now 320 people. Ve O
0 purchase our material in large quantities direct from the mills and
3 sell direct to the consumer. COMPETITION IS OUT OF §
8 THE QUESTION -SIMPLY IMPOSSIBLE. j«^ j* # O
Better material, better made and finished, and always thr g
H newest styles. ** j* j* j* j* jt ** j* . 0
I Tailor Suits, $12.50, $14.50, $17.50 and S20.00 |
J New Eton, New Blouse and New Military Suits, phin and
£g trimmed, with n:w Kilted Skirt, in Fancy Zibrline; new mix'ure* q
ig and latest spring shades. J& J* Jt jt jt
5 tailor Suits, $22.50, $25.00, $27.50 and $32.50 I
1 ' ' B
g High novelties, excellent quality material, artistic tailoring, q
■ exclusive styles ; perfect in every detail. J* J* Jt Jt g
■ * ■ — ■
§ New Spring Jackets New Spring New Style Skirts g
ra Novelty Etons in Cheviot Tailnr-MaHo Rnatc New St^'le. Walking n
■ Venetian and Covert 181101-^(108 UOdlS Skirts, $2.50 to 87.50 D
■ Qoth at $7.50, $8, Made of Venetian, Ker- New Style Dress Skirts, ■
■ $8 50 $10.09. s:y, Zibelice, Covert $5.00 to $20.00. ■
S Phililron'c Pftafe Qoth or Vhio-cord, New Style Etamine S
g tnnoren s uoais very styU . hf al m SkitUf $7 50 t0 $25 ■
S New styles now ready- $12.50, $15, $20 ani New Style Silk Skirts,
H special values at $5.00 $25. $6.50 to $35.00. gg
■ B
■ 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. 1
la ■ • • • • • D ,
AMUSEMENTS.
COURSING
P. J. REXZ^IiT. Jndjr«
JAS. P. OBACE Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, FEB. 28th
Most Closely Matched
Open Stake,
of the Season
64 -'- Nominations-!- 64
total oinnn mu i
PURSE y[> lUUU F " RS M
TRAIN SERVICE.
Lfave« Third and Townscnd streets 10:15 a.
m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-flfth and Valencia
str«ets five minutes later. Returning imme-
diately alter the last course. San Mateo eleo-
tric cars every four minutes during the day.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
THE KILTIES
ALHAMBRA THEATER
Last Two Concerts
This Afternoon at '2:30; pro-Night at 8:15.
Prices. 50c, 75c and $1.00
Children 23c to All Parts of the House.
BOX OFFI.E OPEN ALL DAY AT ALHAMBRA
I'HONE HYDE 1471.
Harold Bauer
THE GREAT PIANIST.
Concerts Mext Tuesday and Thursday Ni.hts
and Next Saturday Afternoon.
LYRIC HALL
SEATS AT SHBRMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
$2.OO, $1.5O and S1.OO
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon md
Evening in the Heated Theater.
COLEMAN AND MEXIS: JAMES HEN-
NESSY; KELLY AND V1OLETTE: TIP-
PEL AND KLIMENT; MELNOTTE SIS-
TERS: MABEL LAMSON. AND NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
SEE THE BABIES IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATORS.
Rare Animals From Every Clime in the Zoo.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
•"•■ •" • ;■ Admission, 10c; Children. 6c.
if MISOE^IiAJniOPS AMTTSEMEKTS.
SAN FRANCISCO £
BY AUTOMOBILE ififefefcfc
Rates leu than carriages. -^©Ss^SSiW 1
MOBH.E CARRIAGE CO.
Golden Gate and Van Ness Aveo.
Phones Larkln 3S41— Polk S0S6.
Downtown Office, Lobby Palace IIoteL »*;
Phone Bush S59.
AMUSEMENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
ParL
GHAND
64-DOG
Open Stake
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28
':•<■■
Cbursin: will h^sin at 10:30 o'clock sharp
nd continue until the last winning flag: goes
1P -
rOTAL PRIZES- — $1000 '
All Misrion-street cars transfer to Guerrero
ars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERNEY. Judge.
•EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
CALIFORNIA |
«P TO-NIGHT. »fc^ I
Return Eneacement of James -^^B '
Herne's Beautiful Comedy. LJ '
SAC I
HARBOR I
EXCEPTIONALLY SPECIAL I
STRONG SCENIC «
CAST. EFFECTS. I |
Next— DANIEL SULLY In "THE • :
CHIEF JUSTICE.". ■
kLCAZART—r
Genera! Manager.
T0-N1QHT— MATIHEE TO-DAT.
"Seal Solid Poa."— Poit.
PHE WRONG MR. WRIGHT
ivgrs.. 25c to 75c. Mats.. Sat. & Sun.. 25c' to 50c.
O-MORROW EVE.— J. K. Jerome's Comedy.
An*i. MIQC
Buisell'i X T 1 1 iJ *Z/
|gg HOBBS
Sarch 7 — "At th* Wliita Hona Tarera."
March 14 — Wagner's World Drama.
"PAKSIPAIt."
CENTRALS
Jarket street, near Eichth. Phone South 533.
JATINEE TO-DAY. IffXIf' fll)' THl?
fO-NIGHT LAST IVlilU Uf lUil
rk^MENDOul HIT. OPIUM RING.
rO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT "WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Sensational Eastern Success,
I BREAK FOR LIBERTY
rounded on the Famous Pitt^burg Tragedy of
the BIDDLE BROTHERS.
:he Great Robbery! The Escape from Prison'.
The Battle for Life in the Snow!
iplendid Scenery! Novel Mechanical Effects:
mircc Evenings 10c to S«>c i
alVCJ Matinees.... 10c. 15c. 25u
BTEEKLY CALL, 91.00 PEB YEAB,
AMUPEMENTS.
I Wesk Commencing THIS AFTER- |
NOON, Feb. 28.
Valuable Vaudeville! j
THE KVUOPEAN SENSATION'.
j Initial At>D«arance of
NIRVANA
In Her Exhihitlon of Colossal Colored
Pictures. With the Al.l of Her
Trained Hor*«\ >1 Lokl."
I CARLIN AND OTTO !
■ The Merry German!".
Al Bill
ANDERSON AND BRIG6S j
Kinrs of Colored Comedy. !
Farewell Appearances of
Eddie Jessie
6IRARD AND GARDNER
In Th<*ir Greatest Farcical Hit.
"THE SOL-BHETTE AND THE COP." [
I GEO. W. DAY !
"In Cork." Entire Change of Songs
S and Stories. |
MORRIS AND BOWEN |
I Comedy Horizontal Rar Performers, t
Orpheum Motion Pictures I
Showing the Latest Novelties. |
i La«»t Week and TYemendous Success of
FILSON AND ERROL
Presenting Their TJest Effort.
I "A DAUGHTER OF BACCHUS."
! ReKular Matinees Every Wednesday.
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
f*ftl llftJUSl^ SA1 flaws'
TO-NIGHT «~r
AXOTHCr. WEEK.
DENMAN THOMPSON
(Himself) In the Greatest of Rural Tlays,
THE OLD
HOMESTEAD
LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
Beginning MONDAY, MARCH T.
Ji,hn C. Fisher's $50,000 Production of th«
I^ntest Musical Comedy,
By th» Authors of "Ftorodora."
THE SSKSATXOKAZi
CHAMPAONE
DANCE. **
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
TIVOLTSS&
TO-NIGHT! Last Performance of
When Johnny Conies Marching Home
Ccmmencir.K TO-MORP.OW. Mon-lay. Feb. 23.
Magnificent Revival of Johann Strauss' Master*
piece.
THE CYPSY BARON
A Romantic Opera in Three Act*.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OP
SIC. DOMENICO RUSSO
The Favorite Tenor.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
Usual Popular Prices 23c k 60c and 75o
Box Seata tl OO
SS3U* MATIHEE TO-DAY
THE DELIGHTFULLY DROLL COMEDIAN.
FRANK BACON
AND HIS OWN COMPANY
In Judson C. Brusle's Comedy Drama.
TUB HILLS OF CALIFORNIA
DDircC Evenlngi 13c. 23c. 3Oc. 73«
I A ltt.3 ilatlnees 15c. 23c. SOo
MARCH 21st— MRS. FISKE.
THE I TO
TI/VIE I ACT
IS TO-DAY.
Remember this is last week of
"ROLY POLY"
And it U also the farewell week of KOLB and
DILL.
Come and see the best of all very funny and
beautiful musical comedies. Hear "RA-
MOXA" and "DORA" and ten other sreat
scng bits. Ten novel and effective specialties.
Seats now on sale for
"THE ROUNDERS."
x Commences next Monday night. Flrat ap-
pearance of Richard FT" Carroll and John P.
Kennedy, the two creat comedy stars. Mati-
nees Saturday and Sunday.
tag!p8l|£? Racmg!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing February ZZ.
Racine Each Wee* Day. Ratn or SMaa.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 d. m. jiiarp.
For special trains stopping at tha track tak*
S. P. Kerry, foot of Market «tr«et. at 12, 12:3<X
l:0O. l:"0 or No smuklns in last two
tars, which at* reserved for Udiej asd their
eacorts.
Returning tiaina leave track at 4:10 aa4
4:13 and Imrnvdiately «ft*r 'he laat raca.
THOMAS H. WLLLIAMS. President.
PERCY -W. TREAT. Secretary. .' .-;-
"D'DfTCTJl?n FOR BARBERS. B.V-
OilUOnCiO ke «- bootblacks, bath-
houses; billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy makers, caancra.
dy#r». flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. «tc
i BUCHANA2I BBO3..
Brojh Kuinlftctarers, 603 Sacriaisato St.
4142
THB^CALL
JOBS D. SPRECKEIiS. Proprietor.
7tfr^croitetigsjo_lOHl McrTpght, Kaiager
W. J . MA RT 1 N Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Win Con-
nect You With th« Department You Wisn.
Publication Office Market and Third. 9. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by C«rr>r«. 20 Ct». Per Week. 7B
Cts. Fer Month. Single Copies 0 Ce ° t^ i .,.^
Term* by Mail. Including Postage iCa«n wun
Order) : „ ..
DAILT CALL finclud. Sunday). 1 year... $8.00
DAILY CALL <lnclud. Sunday). « raos 4_O0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <5e
FUNl'AY CALL 1 Y*ar *••"}
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year •• ij,£?
FOREIGN- |'Dally...$8.f) Per Year Extra
i'n<T4?v -* Fundsy. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Lu^kly. i.eo Per Year Extra'
ALL POSTMAJ-TERIS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
farr.p'.e Ccples will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of »«•
tre*t. rhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS la order to lnsur* a
irompt and correct compliance with their r»-
toes*.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broaflway Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE. '
«4S Center 6ueet Telephone North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
SAMUEL TV. WALL. Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: 1
Wal«orf-Artcrta Hotel; A. Br»tan». SI
veion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; nftb-ave- ,'
»ue HoUl end Hoffman House,
CHICAGO NETVS STANDS:
Cbsn&aa Bouse: P O. News Co.: Great
Konhern Betel: Tremont House; Auditorium
BoUl; r aimer Boase.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROQNESS..Martnmte Buildlns;
Ox** Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
ygW TORK REPRESENTATTVT5:
FTEPHEX B. SMITH 20 Tribune BuUdtas;
. XBW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAELTON Herald Sonars
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
uctU 12 o'clock every eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. xa.
tn Montgomery street, corner Clay; ©pen tm-
Ul »:30 p. m.
«00 Hayes street: open until P:SO p. m.
889 McAllister ctreet; open until 0:30 p. ra.
C13 LtrkJs street; open until 0:30 p. xn.
1^41 Mission street; open until 10 p. ra,
22C1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until P p. ra,
10!»6 Valencia street; open until B p. xn.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
©pen until 9 p. a.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
tccky streets; open until 0 p. m.
VON KHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
MARKET-ST. BUSINESS LOT.
$31, WO— 113 feet on Market St.. running j
through to Church st.; splendid location for
.-':'!■ and £a«i.
COR. FTOCKTON AND UNION STS.
$1S,OOO — Storee and flaw, renting for $1530
X*r annum.
MODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS.
J21, <w» — Mason st-, nesr Pine; running
through to rear street; 4 new artistically fln-
Uried fiats of 10. 6, 6 and 4 rooms; renting for
flbZ 3o i*r month.
DEVISADERO-ET. FLATS.
J12..VXV— L>SxN5:Jl : Devisadero St.. near Turk;
3 new fiats renting for %Ur) per month.
M^ALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$13.MXV-2*:5>xi::7:6; McAllister, near Buch-
anan: substantially constructed building con-
t^Mir.*: c: store and 2 flats; renting for $96 50
l*r month.
C-OIt. 1JTH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
iT.Vx. — T2»l<>7:6: NE. cor. 11th are. and
Lake et., ccrr.lng fashionable section of city.
VALLEJO-FT. CORNER.
S7S0<»— NW. cor. of Vallejo and Pollard: im-
provements confirt of flats renting for $6S per
GREEN-ST. BUILDING. LOT.
$5000 — 51:«xl37:«; Green, eau of Octavia,
BUSH-ST. LOT.
MTS** — 27:0x137:6: Kufh ft., near Steiaer;
key let; surroundings first class.
P< >ARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
fS7M— Bcar.lmp.n r :»<•<?. near Bryant st. : im-
provements consist of 3 flats and stable; rent-
lr-s fcr S42 xtr month.
COR. MOVTGOJ1ERV AVE. AND MASON.
$S5rtO — XW. cor. Montgomery ave. and Ma-
»"n St.; 48 ft. on Montgomery ave.; old im-
provements.
CHEAP AFHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
flCStt each— 2.'»xl37:6: an unsurpassed line of
lots en *-ith«rr «."Ia>ton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left in this block.
THORNE * KILFATRICK. "~ "
312 Bush St., near Montgomery.
$130,000— A northwest coiner on Polk et.. north
of Sutt^r; 127x105: fine business loca-
tion: will soon double in value; partly
improved, but pays good interest.
$50, 000— Polk-st. buFlneM corner; 60xtK>; can
I* Imcroved to pay a high rate of in-
terest.
$25,000 — Rents $21W per snnum : Polk st.. nr.
Clay; 40x00: good 3-story building, j
storeg and flats.
$9,500 — Commercial st., nr. Montgomery;
f-utstantlal 3-*tory and basement brick
building.
• 11,250— Duboce Park; 3 elegant new flats, all
latest Improvements; rents $1200 per
year; lot 25x100; choice location.
$7^00— <Juerrero-st. corner; center of Mission
warm belt; 2 beautiful modern flats. 5
and 6 large gunny rooms and baths;
lerire finished basement: in absolutely
perfect condition: rents $720 per year.
$18,000 — Geary •*•. nr. Van Ness ave.; modern
residence, 11 rooms and bath- co«t
$1 «.O00: lot 30x120. to rear street.
19,000— In central Western Addition; 12-roora
rwidtnee, euluble for boarding or
rooming house; perfect order; modern
plumbing; heater in basement.
$3.590^ — Cottage. 7 rooms and bath; lot 26*4x
114; Twenty-third St., near Castro.
$3.0rX> — Cottage. 0 rooms and bath; Noe st
near Twenty-third; cheap.
$3,000 — Level lot. commanding fine marine
view; 09x200; Ashbury Heights; will
exchange for flats or residence.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BUILDING SITE.
Northeast cor. Washington et. and Presidio
(formerly CentrsJ) ave.: «3:5xl27:S; magnifi-
cent vi»w of th» Golden Gate. Presidio and dis-
tant mountains; superb' location for flats
apartments, fine residence or subdivision- pos-
itively must be sold at once; all offers received
F.-.i submitted.
Improved property snd building lots In all
parts of th» <Mty. Rents collected.
THORNB * KILPATRICK
S12 Busb st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
1800 to $1200— Incomparable "Oceanslde Lots"-
en official crade; unobstructed view of
ocean and park; all bargains; easy terms-
ee* them to-day; get off cars cor. 47th ave.'
and H street.
$75 to $250 — Near Park and ocean; $3 monthly.
Oe*an*ide Branch Orflce, cor. 4»th ave. and
K si.; c-.xr. iSundaj'a and holidays.
f SCO to $1COO— Choicest Sunset lots for bulJd-
>'■>•; graded snd sewered; $10 monthly.
$250 to SSSO— Superb Richmond lots, opposite
new "Spreckeis Lake": matchless view;
don't miss this opportunity; installments.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave.. near H st.
$150 to J5C0— Level Excelsior Homestead lots-
|5 monthly.
$in.<» to $3.V)O — Modern cottages In Sunset.
Hirhmond. Oceanslde and Excelsior Home-
• :--a-J districts; easy tt-rms.
FOL. GETZ 4: SON, Owners and Dealers,
ltocm S*. fourth floor. Chronicle building.
J.',.M)f,_j KLATP. 14 rooms: let 45x122:6
*:.T.U> — Whltnry st.: 2 fists. 4 r. and b. each
irjiXKt — it'M. near Guerrero; 5 rooms, bath. "
Usllrr rt.: 8 room* and bath.
Chr.stnui st.. n«-«r Ma««on: 46x126: with ira-
provtrments: make offer.
«1 .le«fclf>. bet. Slh and «th; 2 flats,
l'inr, n<?*r Ta>lor;-3 new flats.
MeAllii-u-r-rt. store and flat.
;::•» Ath'ns St.. cottase; lot 100x100.
47C JJJth St.. near Guerrero; lot £5xioa
fcievensun et., near 13th. 8 flats.
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall Square.
fiosr/i— CASH $2000; n<«rly completed; rents
$1200 p*r >c«r: 7«0-€2-«4 Seventh-ave. boule-
vard near Fulton st.: 17 minutes from City
Hall: all-nfrht car errvl«-e; every pozsibl*
latert Improvement; 25x120. Apply oa prem-
ises. 1 tct
nRAI, l-:ft_TATE--CITy-— -FOn SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO..
I Iteal E:tate Aku,:« miii A dttioti eers.
|C2,r00 — I>uplhesn 'orner on Larkln st., renting
| for $6000 per annum; under a five years"
) Isbm ; large lot.
$27,500 — Rents $2280 p«r annum; a choice cor-
ner on Folsom St.; splendid Improve-
ments, consisting of store and 6 flats, all
in perfect order and steadily rented;
50x75.
$21,000— Ninth St.. close to Mission: lot and
improvements; 40-foot front; a splendid
buy.
$20,000— Elegant, modern mansion en Presidio
Heights; very sunny; unobstructed ma-
rine view; 60x134.
$17,500 — Pacific ave.; marine view residence, 12
rooms, finished basement, wlneroom.
etc.'; house coet $20,000; lot over 30 feet
frcntage.
11^,000 — Rents $1320 per. annum; corner on La-
guna St.; 3 elegant, nearly new flats of
8-8-7 rooms and bath each; large lot; a
bargain.
$ I COCO — Rents $1530 per annum: marine view;
3 elegant, new, modern flats of 8 rooms
snd bath each; large lot, 32x123:9; in-
eide of Larkln st.
$13,S00 — Rents $1230 per annum; Devisadero
- . ■ st. business property; 3 elegant new
flats; 25x100.
112,500 — Rents $1350 per annum; 3 elegant,
new park flats.
$10,500 — Rents $1020 per snnum; 3 new flats
of 6 rooms and bath each; nice location
in Western Addition.
$10,000 — Rents $900 per annum: business cor-
near: Hayes Valley; 3 houses and lot
30x75.
$9,500 — Rents $1060 per annum; Buchanan St.:
3 nearly new flats of 0-5-5 rooms and
bath each: large lot.
$8,750 — Rents $870 per annum; Park Panhan-
dle; 2 nice, new flats of tf rooms and
bath each: 25x106:3.
$7,600— Inside cf Larkln and California sts.;
rents $630 per annum; 3 flats of 6 rooms
and bath each.
$6,500— Rents $540 per annum; near Duboce
Park; 2 flats of 6-5 rooms and bath
each; brick foundations, etc.; large lot,
25x150.
$6,fXK> — Rents $600 per annum: Mission warm
belt; 2 nice flats and cottage; 25x122:6.
$5,125— Price greatly reduced; corner 50-vara
on Buchanan street; 3 frontages; a snap.
$4,600— Rents $480 per annum; Mission warm
belt; 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
brick foundations, etc.; 25x100.
$4,250— Rents $524 per annum; near Sixth and
Howard sts.; 5 flats and lot 25x75.
$3,210 — Chinatown property; Pacific St.; old
building; rents $35 above water.
$3,0XK) — Coxy cottage; Mission warm belt; on
a line of electric car road; cottage of 5
rooms and bath; brick foundations, etc.;
25x114.
$1,754 — Rents $204 per annum: near Pacific and
Taylor sts.; 2 houses of 6 rooms each.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale la all parts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. tTMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park; bltumlnlzed streets; lots level and
ready to build on ; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable figure; bargain;
price and all particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
MADISON * BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
SO Montgomery St Opposite Lick House.
$10,000 — Devisadero rt.; store and flats; lot 30x
S2:6; new building; rent $150.
$34,000 — Fine business corner on Devisadero
St.; rent $2400 per annum and tenants
, make all repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50x100 feet. . . .
$30,000^ — Inside business property; on Third St.;
rent $2ZSO per annum.
$13,500— Thirteenth st.. near Market; 6 flats;
annual rents $12*4; lot 50 feet front.
$12,CKX> — Post St.; two large, well constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,000 — B flats and store below: near Sixth
and Brannan sts.; rent $SS per month;
new building.
$9,750 — Natoma-st. Investment; good Improve-
ments and with small outlay Income can
be doubled; lot 25x75.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11.000 — Butter st., near a transfer corner: 10-
room residence, in fine condition; large
lot; 27:0x137:6 feet.
$5,000— Cottage and lot; Bartlett *t.. near
Twenty-first; 6 rcoms and bath; all lat- i
e?t improvements.
LOTS
$10,600— Half 60-vara, 03:9x137:6; Broadway,
near Fillmore st.: grand marine view."
$4,200— Eteiner St.. near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$4.500 — Chattanooga St., near Twenty-third;
large lot, 55x117:0 to rear street.
$2,500 — Dolores st.. near Twenty-third; 25-foot
lot running to street In rear; must sell
to close estate.
Lets 27:6x137:6 on Sutter rt., between Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots; northeast comer Golden Gate
ave.. anl Baker St.; in sizes to suit;
prices from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:Cxl37:6, on south line of
Geary st., near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery et.. opp. Lick House.
• McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
On Clay st.. near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and basement: rented for $77 50 ver month;
lot 25x127; price $3000.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
2 new swell flats, 7 rooms each; sunny side
of street; rented for $77 60; price $9350.
MISSION CpTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath: 2 lots. 50x121; near
Eighteenth et.; close to cars; only $2500.
MISSION. NR. 4TH, RUNNING BACK.
160 ft. de*o to rear street: new modern
4-story and basement building; leased 10 years
for $350 ner month; tenant pays all repairs;
price $78,000.
RICHMOND COTTAGE. •
Fronting on new park from Golden Gate
Park to Presidio; C rooms and bath; lot 25x
127:6; price $3000.
Pretty building lot on north side of Lake
St.. running back to Mountain Lake Park;
29:6 feet front: price only $1500.
BARGAIN.
6-room cottage, with bath: in good condition;
Holly Park Tract; reduced from SI400 to $1100
to make quick sale: must be sold In the next
few days; rented for $12 per month.
ON FIRST.
Near Howard; lots 23:6x137:6; improve-
ments rent for $63: rents should b» raised;
price $10,000.
Send for list of cheap lots in all parts of
the city.
McAFEE BROTHERS^
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
FLORIN L. JONES & CO.. Real rotate A*e n tJ,
Room 24. Second Floor. Mills Building.
$50,000 — Income property; 47:6xl37:6« stores
and flats; rent $310; Larkln et.. near
Geary: excellent order; always rented.
$7.600— Modern residence. 0 rooms; Pacific
Heights; key lot; very sunny.
$46,500 — Choice sunny corner; 19 flats: rent
$447; modern building; lot 56x100.
$1S,000 — Modern, sunny, marine view residence;
9 rooms, S baths; lot 35x137:6.
$5,000 — Southeast corner Fillmore and Unioa
sts.. 34x87: good improvements.
$50.C00 — 18 apartments; modern, sunny corner;
6- year secured lease: rent $4500 net.
$24,000^ — 13-room modern, unobstructed marine
view residence; large lot; splendid buy.
$30,000— 12 rooms; perfect marine view; mod-
ern; sunny; large lot. 70x137:6.
$20,000— Sunny corner. Van Ness 45x125
$35,000 — North corner Broadway. 58x125; six
modern flats; superb marine view;
rent $300.
FLORIN L. JONES & CO.. Mills bldg.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st. opp. Mills bldg.
■".:■:' BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure, Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kinds Will Be Found la Our
UP TO DATE BUYERS 1 GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue contain-
ing a carefully selected list of cheapest proper-
ties offered on the market in every location
Send us your address and we will mail you one.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.,
205 Montgomery. St.. opp. Mills bldg.
B. SCHAPIRO & CO.. 630 MARKET ST.
$160.000 — A flne Turk-st. Investment; pays
10H per cent clear; Income secured.
Fine flats on Grove st.. Clayton st. and
Golden Gate ave.: all well rented to perma-
nent tenants; from $6400 to $7000.
$7500— Swell 8-room residence on Page st.-
faces Park Panhandle.
Lots and investments in all parts of the city
at various prices. Call and get our figures
B. SCHAPIRO & CO.. 630 Market st.
FOR eale — At a bargain; a house, 7 rooms and
bath. Corner Twenty-first and L sts.. south-
take Kentucky st. cars; price reasonable.
NOE-ST. cottage for $3250— Bet. 17th and 18th;
lot 25x110; 5 rooms, bath, high basement;
barn: owner must sell; make offer. G. A.
BERTON. 323 Montgomery st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 28, 1004.
' KKAI, RSTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION.
I PEREMPTORY AUCTION,
order of DR. EMMA. L. MERRITT,
Executrix of the Estate of
ADOLPH SUTRO. Deceased.
THURSDAY. MARCH S, 1904,
At our office and salesroom,
25 Poet St., at 12 o'clock noon,
■ We will offer at auction to b«
sold to the highest bidders and
Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court
_____
Ocean Boulevard Lots. Ocean Boulevard Lots.
Fronting on Fourty-elghth ave. and Ocean bou-
levard, between O and P sts. Lots 25x130 feet,
with double frontage, adjoining a magnificent
$7000 residence. The grand Pacific Ocean at
PARK AND MARINE VIEW BLOCK.
; Whole block In 50 subdivisions. 25x100 and 28x
j 120 each, fronting on Fulton and C sts.. Forty-
i sixth and Forty-seventh aves.; 2 blocks to the
boulevard and car lines. Superb view of
Golden Gate Park and Ocean.
DESIRABLE LOCATION FOR HOMES.
8— UNSOLD LOTS— 8
j
j On high, sightly eJevation in block 225. on Cliff
ave.. Clement st.. Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth
• aves.: surrounded by pretty homes, and com-
manding view of the Ocean, Clln* House. Sutro
Heights and the Park. The lsst lots to be bad
in this desirable location.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS! ASHBURY HEIGHT3!
Entire block on the heights or in subdivisions:
double frontage lots on Clarendon ave. and
Ashbury st.; on ' electric car line. Transfer
privileges to all parts of the city. Masonic-ave.
and Eightecnth-st. cars parsing. Splendid view
of city. Chance for speculators.
TERMS OF SALE— CASH.
Maps and Particulars at Our Office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 POST ST.,'
AUCTIONEERS.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st.
$12,000 — 4 new fiats, well located in the
Western Addition: large frontage, 40x
70 feet; rents $105 per month; half a
block from McAUlster-st. cars.
$18,500 — Elegant Eastlake modern residence,
containing 12 rooms, bath, etc.; large
grounds, 50x137:6; on north line of Clay.
$10,500— Shrader st.; lot 25x131:3: 2 flats con-
taining 15 rooms; rents $S0 per month.
$13,000 — California st. (north line); lot 50x00;
2 dwellings of 0 rooms and bath each;
rents $?5 per month.
$12,500— Price reduced from $14,000 to effect
immediate sale: splendid NE. cor. on
Clay st.: lot 27:8^4x100; Improvements
consist of substantial residence con-
taining 10 rooms and bath; a bargain.
$5,500— Webster St.: 2 flatu of fi and 7 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x100; rents $5150
per month; *i block from cars.
$7,000— First-\=t. corner; lot 25x75: 2-story
house of 10 rooms and bath; brick,
foundation; business district.
$4,100^ — I>ombard-»t. corner; lot 77:Cx6O; resi-
dence of 12 rooms. * v
$1S,OOO — Rents $152 50 per month; new build-
Ing on Guerrero-st. electric line; lot 30x
3.0 feet to a rear street; 6 separate apart-
ments of 4 rooms and bath each; mod-
ern and up to date in every respect;
splendid investment.
$4,000^ — Rents $42 per month; 4 separate flats
of 4 rooms each; close to Third st. and
Southern Pacific depot; lot has double
frontage.
$12,000— Oak st.. near entrance to Golden Gate
Park: lot 25x137:6; new building of 3
i separate flats of K. 7 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $105 per month.
$5,500 — Two- story house of 7 rooms and bath;
•Webster st., near Washington; excellent
$7,500 — Powell St.; lot 40x70; rents $75 per ;
month; frame building; separate flats.
$9,730— Rents |9S1 per annum.
New corner building north of and
ulthin 2 blocks of Market street.
Ten minutes to City Hall;
.'! elczant flats. Just completed,
ail rented and modern In every
respect; marble steps; extra light
and sunny. Property has never been
offered before
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post st.
C. A. TL'RXEIl A- CO. "
OCEAN BEACH
and
RICHMOND LOTS.
THE VERY bKST
and
LARGEST LIST.
Nearly 400 to select from; $10 monthly pay-
ment: you will save money by getting our list
before making your selection.
Lots on Sutro Heights with magnificent ma-
rine vitw.
Lots on Richmond Heights facing the Park.
Lots on Ocean Heights overlooking the Park
and ocean.
TWO BRANCH OFFICES.
Ocean Heights office— II st.. bet. 41st and
4'2i aves.. nearly opposite the Chain of Lakes
station. Open every day, Sunday Included.
Sutro Heights office — Point Lobos and 30th
aves. Open Sundays only.
Call and let us drive you over our offerings.
G. A. TURNER & CO..
312 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE SECURITY COMPANY.
139 MONTGOMERY ST.
$77,000 — Good 4-story building on corner of
Post st.. within a few minutes' walk of
Union square.
S15.00U — 3-story building, 27 rooma; Broad-
way, near Kearny st. : lot 25x127:6.
XijiHio — 3 flats on Francisco St.; lot " has
frontare also on Pfelffer st. .
$6000 — Lot 46x68: on First *t., near Folsom;
2 flats and a cottage.
A few special bargains In the Western Addi-
tion.
535,000 — Corner lot on Broadway, 68x137,
commanding an unsurpassed view.
$12,000—3 elegant flats of 6 rooms each, on
Webster st. ; nets over 8 per cent.
$10,000 — Modern 2-story 10-room house on
Green st., near Scott.
$9000 — 3 flats on McAllister St., near Central
ave.: good investment.
$5750 — 9-room house on Broderick st., near
Halrht; we will sell this property on easy
terms.
REAL ESTATE SECURITY COMPANY,
139 MONTGOMERY ST.
\
$14 A MONTH— SMALL CASH PAYMENT-
BUYS A
Brand new 4-room cottare, with porcelain
bath, latest plumbing, high basement; size
of lot 40x103: only half block -from cars and
only 25 minutes to town.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
$125 — Level building lots within one block
of the San Mateo electric cars: lots are 25x
100: Spring Valley water piped; good neigh-
borhood. • OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
CHEAP
Vermont st.. near Twenty-fourth; modern
5-room cottage. Easy terms. .
. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
$500 DOWN and $20 per month for new cot-
tage. 4 r. and b.; on China ave. and Mission.
$2750— House. « r. and b., with stable:
4029 Twenty-sixth st. ...,-.•. a
D. COFFIN & CO.. 5303 Mission Street.
SAFE Income investment; returns $900 at mod-
erate rents; 3 new modern flats; .Richmond
District: good tenants; price $8000. Apply
owner, 2524 Pine st. .
$2250— COTTAGE. 4 rooms and bath, on San
I Jose ave. und Twenty-ninth st. Mission
• t Realty Co.. 2 Twenty-ninth st.V .V
TWENTY-SIXTH. 40SO, near- Noe— Modern
I cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 26:8x114;
• owner leaving the city.
REAL ESTATE — CITY--— ggj^£^5l
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY. ]^-*i
<MS MARKET STREET
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. v ?,*' ,
Tuesday, March 8. 1604. 12 o'clock noon
At Our Salesroom.
O'FARRELL-STREET INVESTMENT.
N. line O'Farretl st.. 112:B ft. E. of Laguna,
through , to Myrtle ave. ; 53x120 ft. : improve-
ments 2 elegant 2-story residences (Nos. 13-0-
22 O'FantH St.), containing 12 rooms and batn
each, renting for $55 and $60 respectively.
SILVER-STREET- COTTAGE. -
line Sliver st., 137 ft. B. of 4th; 2SxS0
feet; substantial cottage, containing 4 and 0
room» and bath: large stable with 4 stalls.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
8. line of Carl St.. 157 ft. W. of Stanyan:
lot 25x137:0 ft.: this lot is situated so aa to
command a beautiful view.
1 MISSION RESIDENCE.
N. line of Hill st., 125 ft. E. of Guerrero:
let 60x138 ft.; No. 34; improvements consist
of an elegant 2-story residence of 8 rooms and
bath, salon Darlors, basement, patent heater,
etc.; UD-to-date stable en premises; carriage
room, etc.
MISSION COTTAGE.
N. line of Dorland St., 281 W. Of Church:
25x107 ft.: No. 154: Improvements consist of
modern cottage, containing 5 rooms and bath,
ranting for $1*0 ner month.
MISSION HOME.
XV. line of Castro st., 105 ft. N. of 20th:
lot 25x125 ft.: No. 710: improvements consist
of 2-story residence of 7 rooms and bath with
porcelain tub: 7-foot basement; brick founda-
tion.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
.SE. ccr. of Mission and Noe stu. and lots
remaining on W. line of Noe st.; Collefie
Homestead, block 2; will be sold as per
diagram.
DOLORES-STREET RESIDENCE.
K. line of Dolores st.. 100 ft. N. of 26th: lot
fi0xl2."> ft.: No. 1221: improvements consist of
7-room residence In flrst-class condition.
DIAMOND- STREET RESIDENCE.
XV. line of Diamond St., CO ft. S. of 22d:
ROxll.V.OU ft. : No. j new residence of
8 rooms and bath; modern in. every respect
and a r>erf*ct beauty.
For further particular* apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
C33 Market street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE &. COMPANY.
(K18 MARKET STREET
$31,000— NW. corner on Sth St.; rents $202 per
• month: large lot; this is a bargain; call
*arly for description.
$25,000 — Polk-st. business Investment; 2 ntores
find 4 flats: almost new: concrete base-
ment. 10 ft. hlsh; rents $185 per mo.;
nothing like it east of Van Nese ave.
$20,000— Facltlc Heights flats overlooking th«
Golden Gate; unobstructed marine view:
positl\ely the most magnificent flats in
thin city; contain 10 and 11 rooms, with
finished basement and attic, including
spacious dance hall, banquet and bil-
liard room; hardwood floors, etc.; a rev-
Uatlon in architecture; rents $155 mo.
$17,500 — South of Market Investment, paying
$15H2 per annum; nine modern flats, al-
most new; mortgage $5000.
$15,500— Pine St., close to Van Ness ave.: 65
ft. frontage, through to rear St.: 7 sub-
stantial 2-story houses renting for $123
per month.
$12,750 — Ashbury st., near Park Panhandle; 3
new flats, »J and 7 rooms: hlirh base-
ment; modern In every respect; re«nts
$110 per month.
$5,250— Lexington ave.; 4 small flats, 3 rooms
each; r<nts $46 per month; steady ten-
ants.
?5,000— Tehama-st. flats; rents low at $45;
5 and »i rooms and bath.
$4,600 — Mobs St., near Howard; 2 flne flats, 4
rooms, and rear house; newly reno-
vated; new foundation; rents $38.
$4,500 — Langton at.. 4 tenement fiats in good
condition; rents $51 per month; first-
class trnants.
$3,600 — i! flavi of 4 and 5 rooms and bath:
brick foundation; rents $32 per month:
easy terms; Clement st., near Richmond
District.
$3,500— Clara St.. near 4th: 2 beautiful little
flats; new; brick foundation; modern
plumbing.
$3,250— Cottage in Mission; almost new: o
rooms and bath: wooden mantels, bay-
windows; rented Tor $22 50 per month.
$2,800— Silver St., near 4th; cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; stable with 4 stalls, etc.;
rented for $20 per month.
$1,800— NE. corner oa 22d St.; 60xSl feet;
a positive sacrifice.
$1,800 — Rents 8156 per year; 2 flats on amall
street, near Vallejo and Larkln.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A COMPANY,
C3S Market street.
CHEAP lots, 22d and Douglass sts., near new
schoolhouse; 25x125; S50 down, balance same
as rent. EASTON, ELDRIDGE.
B. GETZ Room 22 Chronlcl* Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Lots. New Lots.
48th ave., east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L sts.
Graded and fenced; ready to build on.
On Easy Monthly Payments.
See them at on<.e. Choice and cheap.
$60 to $100 — Ocean Heights and Boulevard lots.
$300 to $500 — Graded 18th-ave. Boulevard lots.
$350 to $1000— Choice Sunset & Richmond lots.
$75 to $100— Level Ocean View lots; city water.
$160 ud— New Excelslc Homestead lots.
Th« finest. In the district; city water.
$1000 to $5000 — Modern nouses and cottages.
Splendid Bargains on Easy Terms.
Call at my office, room 22, second floor,
Chronicle Building.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
A-room cottage to be sacrificed
If soM at once At 411 Madrid st.
B. GET5J, Room 22, Chronicle bldg.
~ .XV. J. GUNN. '
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building).
$3,000 — Baker; n. w. cor.; 137:6x137:6; flne
buy to subdivide; both streets graded
and sewered; cars pass.
$2, ICO — Webster-st. corner, 25x100; a few steps
from two lines of cars.
$5,000 — Choice sunny n. w. cor., with grand
marine view; sltely; a fine buy; front-
ase 100 feet on the sunny side: car*
pass: suitable fcr six fiats; ready for
buildlns; call at office for particulars
about this choice lot; submit an offer.
$3,000— Lake-st. corner, 32:6x100; Sacramen-
to-st. cars pass.
$5,000— Lake st.; five choice lots. 25x100.
$1,900 — Lake-st. corner: 32:6x100; grand ma-
rine view.
$fi.50Q — Larktn st. ; two flats.
$9,800 — Brorferlek st.: two flats; a corner.
$80,000— Two grand corners: one a northeast
corner: Pacific Heights; 275x137:6; pan-
oramic marine view.
$10,000 — Webster-st.' corner, 110x100; cars pass;
flne lot to Improve.
J3.000 — Pacific, Heights lot; best corner: sun-
ny side; looks Into Presidio; grand ma-
rine view! to be sold at once.
LOTB NORTH OF THE PARK ON ALL THK
AVENUES. SOME FINE CORNERS. ALSO
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS, AS LOW AS
$000.
XV. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected end Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$210,000 — Investment on Bush st. : splendid
apartment house paying 8 per cent net
on long lease guaranteed; particulars
at office.
$50,000 — Investment on Fillmore st.: new-
flats; first-class In every way. paying
8 rier cent net per annum; call at our
office for full details.
$7,000 — Residence, Octavia st.. near Broad-
way; 7 rooms and bath; has a view of
bay; 25x137.
$5,500 — Lot on north line of Clay gt., near
Webster: 35xl27:S; flne location and
size for flats.
$7,200 — Marine view lot; Hyde St., near
Chestnut; 30:8x110; very flne view as-
sured; new building un each side of it.
$5,000 — Lot on southwest corner of Larkln
and Lombard sts.; 25x105; magnificent
marine view from every window.
$3,0C0 — Lot. Franklin st., near Filbert; 53x
160; street sewered; a bargain.
$1,750 — Lot. east side of De Long ave., near
Waller: 25x80.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st. )
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
. Room 2, seventh floor. Mills building.
$35,000 — Turk St., old Improvements; lot 50x
87:6.
$35,000 — Pacific Heights: very choice corner,
66x137:6; flne marine view.
$15,000 — North side of Clay st., near Maple:
modern residence, , 10 rooms: very sun-
ny; very attractive; substantial and well
finished; colonial architecture.
$4,000 — First ave., between Golden Gate ave.
and Turk st.; house Just finished; up to
■ date; not occupied; 0 large rooms, toilet
"bathroom, etc. .
$6,500 — Second ave.: new building: 2 flats;
7 and 7 rooms: all rented, $30 each;
these are just finished and up to date
In every particular.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG &,CO.,
Mills building.
$5 PER MONTH. ', ~~ ~
Investigate the City of Richmond, where the
Standard., Oil Company, Santa Fe Railroad
Company. Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and numerous manufacturing . plants are at
work. Lots sure to increase in value. AH
level. M»?s free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
,'■ Crocker bulldinr, S. F.
■■ ■
ELEGANT residence. 2427 Green St.. near
Scott; grand marine view; 10 rooms; en-
trances on two streets.
•Lobos St., Ocean View, 4-room cottage- lot
25x125; $000; $100 cash, balance $n 60 month.
Fine building lot. west line Twenty-slxth
ave.. 225 feet south from Point Lobos ave:
30x120; $530. • .
XV. N. RUSSELL. '
301 California st., San Francisco Cal.
HEAL ESTATE—CITY--FOB g\^B_«.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. __
■>-.,. . • 21S-22O MONTGOMERY ST.
$7,200— Baker st., near Clay: cottage of t>
room*: bath: large lot 40x137 :« ft.
$7,500— Washington St.. near Webster. fl" e . £"
story residence of 5 bedrooms, batn,
salon parlois. butler's Dantry. furnace,
storeroom, etc.: lot 26x127:814 it.; a
bargain. .,
$2.000— Prospect place, off Clay, b?t. Powell
and Stockton sts.: frame improvements,
rent $24: lot 27:8x50 feet.
$3,250 each; Filbert, near Scott st.; magnlfl-
ce.nt marine view: lots 27:6xloi:t> ft.
each, and corner 55x137:6 ft.
$7,500— Jackson, near Central ave.; grand key
lot 50x127 :S> 4 feet; ready to build on.
$10,500— Hyde, near Sutter St.; fine residence
of 10 rooms and bath; rents for 9oO a
month.
$13,500— Guerrero st.. near Fifteenth; three new
flats Just finished; 6-7 rooms and bath;
all the latest improvements: rents $1JU
per month: lot 25x131 :« feet.
$15,000— Franklin st.. near Pacific ave.; new .-
story residence about one year old; large
drawing-rooms, recepllon hall, hard wool,
floors and tiled grates*; Spanish cedar
wainscoting, beamed celllncs, butler s
pantry, kitchen, etc.; four bedrooms,
large closet, bath, etc.; bfautlfully fin-
ished; two servants 1 rooms; basement
contains laundry, utorcroom, etc.; lot
27:6x1)2 feet; full particulars at office. |
$20,000— Washington St.; NW. corner, opposite |
Alta nlaza: beautiful two-story attic
and basement residence, containing
talon Darlors, dining-room. butler"s pan-
try, kltchNi. etc.: five bedrooms, bath:
two bedrooms In attic; housa four years
old; electric llchts; selected woods for
all interior woodwork; concrete base-
ment; plenty ot aun; elegant view; lot
27:CxllO feet.
$10,000— Montgonury-st. corner; Improvements
consist cf ."-story brick building of about
50 rooms; leased B years at $200 per
month; lea*p guaranteed; other Improve-
ments, frame, renting for }S5 p«r month : ,
portion of lot vacant and ready to build f
on: lot Ih 113:6x137:0 ft., with L24x7:J:6
feet. This is one of the finest Invest-
ments ever offered on this* street.
$5,500— Golden Gate ave., near Scott St.: eub-
startlnl 2-story residence of 6 rooms and
bath; lot 27:6x110 feet: a bargain.
$10,0CO— Sacramento st., near D*vlsadero: Im-
provements 2-story residence; large lot,
50x127 :8U feet: this is an estate and
the orlce has been put Jown to insure a
quick sale.
$11,000— Maaon St., near Vallejo: 3-story .brick
building of flats. 4-5 rooms; 7 tenants:
rents $87; lot 4S:J»xlC0 feet; only half
of lot is Improved: tenement could be
built in rear, which would double the
rents.
' $S,OCO — Webster st., near Clay; flne residence,
0 rooms and bath: large basement; now
renting for $50; key lot, 25:8Vixl00 ft:;
will sell on easy terms; full particulars
at office.
$15,500 — Rents $141 BO a month; 5 new flats,
7-8-8 rooms and bath: Sacramento st.,
near Fillmore; lot 23:t>xl32:SVi feet;
new flats.
$5,250 — Natoma St., near Ninth: 4 flats; rents
$50: this property is in excellent condi-
tion; all good, prompt-paying tenantsano
repairs necessary: no danger of v;us-'i-
cies; a good, safe buy; lot 25x75 feet.
$17, 000 — Second-st. corner, near Harrison; 70x
95 feet : flne site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$12,500 — California st., near Hyde: frame Im-
provements; lot £0x110:6 feet; hand-
some location to Improve.
$5,230— Moss St., bet. Sixth and Seventh, near
Folsom; 2 flats, o and K rooms a-:d bath;
rents $40: lot 24x2$0 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery Street.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 MARKET ST.
$6750—2 new "flats on Frederick St.. near
Cole; well built; all the latest up to date
ideas; rents $73S; lot 25x112:6.
$10.000— 81 :10Hxl37:6 feet on Oak St.. fac-
ing the Park Panhandle; grand site for an
apartment house or flats; cheapest lot in the
district.
$14,000 — 6 flats on Central ave. ; rents very
low for $1332; lot 60xS2:6.
$2700^ — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath;
high basement: on Hampshire st., near Twen-
tieth; lot 26x100.
$7000^ — 8-story building on Natoma st., near
Fourth; always rented; pays $310; brick foun-
dation; good plumbing.
$10.250— Rents $1245; well built, modern im-
provements; flats; always rented; on Grove
St.. near Laguna; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$5000 — Only $5000; the cheapest lot on Stev-
enson st., close to the new postoffice; size
25x75.
$10.250— Modern, well built 3-story building
containing stores and flats; on Folsom st.. close
to Sixth; brick foundation; always rented;
rents $972;. lot 25x55.
$2300^ — Modern cottage. 4 rooms, bath, barn;
high basement; on Noe St.; lot 30x115.
$12.CO0 — 3 elegant, new. modern flats facing
the Park Panhandle; rents low $1260; lot 25
xl37:6.
$2S50— Your own terms; a beautiful, new,
cozy, well built, well planned house; ,6 rooms
and bath; high basement; the best of ' plumb-
ing, etc. ; near Thirtieth and Mission sts.: we
also have a five-room and bath cottage for
$2250; a four-room and bath cottage for $1850;
remember, they are all new and up to date.
$10,000 — 3 new. modern flats; up to date
in all details; on Clayton St., near Haight;
rents $1128; lot 25x37.
$43,000—45:10x70; on Drumm St., 'a block j
from Market. !
$50.000 — Handsome new apartment-house on |
Mason st.. 00 rooms; 24 baths; Just completed; !
strictly up to date; pays $4020 per annum: un-
der a ten-year secured lease; lot 74:0x137:6.
$30,000— Lot 75xl37:G; north side of Fine
St., near Jones; elegant apartment- house site.
$6500 — 3 modern flats and a rear house;
rented very low for $732; on the north side of
Brannan st., near Sixth; lot 25x110.
$16,250 — 4 elegant, new. modern, up to date
flats; renting for $1640; on Webster st.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C4S Market st.
point richmoTTdlots!
santa fk tract is the best
$5 per month,
streets graded.
bitumen sidewalks.
INVEST NOW.
I McEWEN BROS.. IIS MONTGOMERY ST.,
; SOL3 AGENTS.
1 $2,750 — COTTAGE; cheap; L st. : 4 rooms and
bath: Sunset district; all In good order.
$2,220 — Bargain; 0 rooms and bath; rapidly I
growing district; must be sold; Sunset '
distrUt; Ninth ave.
$1,700— Kxtra cheap; 34x105; Dolores St., near j
I \ Tyenty-nlnth; extra wide; all ready fcr I
building: submit offer. j
$15.tOO — Fine Inrome property: Mission ft.; i
must bo soM; particulars at our office. '
McEWEN BROS.. 11H Montgomery st.
SAVE YOUR RENT MONEY* \
Let it buy von a home.
Our specialty, "Homes for your rent money."
• $200 — Level lots nr. Mission and Crescent av
$."KjO— Level lots near Raliroad ave.
$5KXI for H> level lots. V- block from Mission
$«*> for 10 level lots near Silver ave.
$6<>0 to $10C0; lots in Richmond, north Park
$S00; lot, Ashbury Height*: only one left.
$4S0 for three lots, including corner, near
Ocean boutevard.
$2000— Three lots, 7-room cottage, barn and
chicken houses.
$3250 — Whole block, with cottage, barn and
outhouses, on San Bruno ave
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$15,000 — A newly completed swell 14-room resi-
dence, superb and modern in every par-
ticular: hardwcod floors and finish; two
bathrooms, servants' quarters reception !
hall and all conveniences for a thor- i
nuglily equipped residence: an absolute
bargain: must be sold; situated on Stei-
ner >t., near Vallejo, commanding a
magnificent and unobstructed marine
view of tho Golden Gate and Harbor:
sun In every room: in every respect an
abode for the most fastidious. For fur-
ther particulars communicate with
S. A. BORN, owner and builder,
' 4079 2Uh street.
MAKK YOUR OWN TERMS.
New cottage; ti r. and bath. 110 Hoffman
ave., near Twenty-third st.
JACOB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter st.
$200 LOTS fronting the proposed extension ot
Market st. and Golden Gate Park: $5 down,
$2 CO monthly; marine view. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 117 Sutter st. .
" SAN FRANCISCO SUBURBS. "
$3000; 5-room house; lot 100x125: incubator,
brooder, brooding-house, poultry, 2 horses, 2.
carts. S sets harness, free water; also 3 unim-
proved lots; all goes: only those meaning busi-
ness apply. : Box 2S54, Call of flee. ;..•.■■""
NEW FLATS.
Only two left: $87 00: rented for $870 per
year: S5000 at 0 per cent can remain. See
GEORGE STIERLEN. owner, at 1373 Masonic
ave., v between Waller and Frederick sts.
PARTY wanted to join I in buying some city
property; can be bought so that lots on
street car line will not cost more than $123
and have two years to pay for it. M. V.,
box 2057.. Call of flee. ■
INCOME proi»«rty; south of Market and China-
town; homes Richmond. Sunset. Mission dis-
tricts; printed list city and country property;
- exchanges. W. J. White, 26 Montgomery; r.5.
FOR sale cheap — Key lot: close to two car
lines. Inquire 1026 Filbert st. -.
FINE ■• Income flat* on Fulton st.. near City
Hall. ' Inaulre 142 Fulton St.; owner.
REAL ESTATE — cl T Y _~i!i]£J?-. 9At ' g *
LYON & HOAG, HC Montgomery St.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
in all sections of the city. "_,„
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN.
$6500— Good house. 7 rooms and bath eacn :
all Improvements; key lot;. near corner P.ost ana
Buchanan. _ , v .
COTTAGE AT A BARGAIN.
$3750— Duboce ave.. near Diiboc* Park ».nd
Fillmore st. ; cottage of 6 rooms and batn. one*
foundation: all In fair condition; mortgage ,or
$1500 can remain.
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
$3500— Two beautiful brand new flats on be*t
part of Union St.. 8 and 7.rooms and bath e acn -
rent $80; 2 separate entrances; fine marine
view; large lot; this Is a good, permanent in-
vestment. "- '.'- -'-"j
$«250— Carl st.. near Stanyan; 2 flats of o and
6 rooms and bath each; 2 years old; rent »».
This is a snao.
MUST BE SOLD.
$15.0C0— Brand new 2-story-attlc-and-base-
ment residence of 14 rooms: 2 baths. *>«>«<■»
mantels. 0 washstands. bllllard-room: all ele-
gantly finished In hardwood: grand unob-
structed marine view; near Vallejo and Steiner
8t $3700— $6C0 cash, balance « lon i. hl 3 r: ..J r * n f
hfw tottase of « rooms and bath, wlinin a
block and a half of Golden Gate Park -
NEW HOME IN THE MISSION.
$.12.-.U— $2.10 cash, balance $W monthly, new
2-story cottage, containing « rooms and » aln -
2 toilets. 2 mantels; on Elizabeth St.; handy to
Castro and Twenty-fourth-st. cars.
SoO.OOO— fc'rlt-ndid northeast corner on van
Ness ave.: contains nearly 7000 square f»et.
improvements rent for $1CO per month: an ex-
cellent location for an apartment-house.
COTTAGE DOWNTOWN.
$2000— Broadway, near Taylor; t 0 "**' K °J- .
rcoms; concrete foundation: good neighborhood.
* ba S0UTH-0F-MARKET INVESTMENT
$4500— Two substantial flats, containing a
rooms and bath each; In Al condition; »»>»»••
! one of the best renting sections south of Mar-
! kef rented low at $3S; mortgage $1300 can re-
main; near Fcurth and Bryant sts.
NEW MISSION FLATS.
$45CO— Two new flats near Church ana -Jtn
st« 4 and 5 rooms and bath: Sundry in base-
ment: brick foundation: rent £W.
A BARGAIN— MUST BE SOLD.
$4000— Submit offer; cozy cottage near
Sacramento ami Lnurrl »ts. : « rooms and bath.
PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT.
$CCOO— Perry st.. close to HarrUon and Tnira.
* $i a 7.1i0O— Fine corner near Park Panhandle
containing 5 flat*. 4 to 8 rooms and bath; built
about cne year ago: total rents $la«.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
S21C0— A great sacrifice; lot on Jackson si..
25xl3S; overlooking Presidio; must be sold at
0DCe - LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery st.
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
33:4x120.
33:4x120.
$1650 to $1S5O.
$1650 to $1850.
This is the first announcement of the subdi-
vision of a portion of the well known Jordan
Tract.
Go and see this block at once and secure
your choice. It Is near the corner of First ave.
and California st. and can be easily reached by
taking either the Eddy-st. car* or the Sacru-
mento-st. cars and set off at First ave.
Easy terms— one-fifth cash.
Easy terms — one-fifth cash.
Balance In 1, 2, 3 and 4 years — one-fifth each
year. • ; -
The block Is exceptionally handsome and 1% j
level. The streets are graded, macadamized i
and sewered, and everything ready for the I
builder. A new- feature has been inaugurated
in the sale of this property in the enforcement
of the following restrictions, which are made
for the protection of all and which, we have
no doubt, will add much to the value of Ihe (
land and be appreciated by all real home seek- f
ers. ]
No lot will be sold for any but residence
properties, including not more than two flats, j
No stores, churches, stables, coal yards or 1
any objectionable buildings. Th* manner o! j
enforcing thes» restrictions will be explained •
fullv at our office.
The Idea is to make it possible for you tr> huv |
a lot and bulld-a home without being ruined
oa damaged by^nelj:hbor!ng buildings. Thou- ;
sands of people in this city who have built de-
sirable homes have had them ruined hy thre«- 1
stcry flats, store?, coal yards, etc. Owing t->
the restrictions and the large lots, this block
will lie built un Into select residence property
and become very valuable.
It will pay you to buy a large lot Instead cf j
a 25-foot lot, as you can save th» price of the 1
extra land In the cost of your building: and be-
sides this secure an abundance of light and j
sun and build a more artistic home.
Our agent will be on the block Sunday with
diagram, or you may call at our office for
more complete Information. But take our ad-
vice and see the property »t once.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
200 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
200 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
$150 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
$150 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
Two weuk* ago we were instructed to sell 200
lots. Since that time we have sold over 100 lots
on Second. Third and Fourth aves, etc.. be-
tween A. B and C sts.. at very low pricss.
$10CO to S12.V).
jlOOO to ?12oO.
On above very easy payments. In so many
lots there is always a big advantage In secur-
ing first choice. See them at once. This prop-
erty is all level, streets are graded, sewered
and macadamized. Geary st. and McAllister st.
cars pass the property. No lots will be sold
for 6tores or any objectionable improvements.
This is your opportunity to secure a residence
lot at very low prices. In the next year or
two hundreds of thousands of dollars will be
ppent in buildings ; bound to Improve the value
of all these lots. Don't sleep: wake up to
yor.r opportunity; see the property, see us, buy
one or more lots and make some money. Re-
member, the lots are close to Golden Gate
Park.
LYOX & HOAG
(Agents on Ground Sundays With Diagrams
and Prlces>.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.,
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLAR3.
OUR rOLICY OF TITLE INSURANCE FA-
CILITATES all transactions in real estate; It
has supplanted the old-fashioned method of
relying en certificates of title or mere opinions,
ntitr.er of which guarantees anything or prom-
ises to make good any loss. It has become
a'i necessary to the business world as the tele-
phone, electricity or any of the modern inven-
tions of the age.
A TRUST COMPANY TS A CORPORATION
subject to State law and examination, which
pxists primarily for the execution of trusts.
Such an institution affords absolute protection
against unsafe methods In the management of
e*tates. An individual may be called away,
die or become Incapacitated; a trust company
is an enduring and ever present corporation,
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality prar.t or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities: reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice President Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
;. Of Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. L1LIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Calif ornian Bank.
1 WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Attorneys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE,
..... Page. McCutchen & Knight, Attorneys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Manager Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California st.
$6500^ — Just completed: beautiful homes, sa-
lon parlors. 4 bedrooms, finished basement,
etc: 852 to 856 Clayton st.. south of Freder-
ick. JOHN STIERLEN. owner, on premises.
FOR sale— 68 9-12x137:6 on Pacific St., under
Icasb: $85 per month ground rent. Inaulre
CHAS. C. BEMIS. 206 Hayward building.
ADVERTISER will pay $1COO cash for lots la
vicinity of Golden Gate Park. E. S. J I
box 2777. Call. '"'
JUST completed — I new houses of 6 and 8
rooms: located at (>th ave. and I st S A
BORN, owner and builder. 4079 24th st.'
$17.:)O0— GOOD business property; 32 rooms 3
stores and flats. Apply 353 Fifth st. '
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking; Co. pays the I
highest prices. for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office snd yards.
BUILD on ycur unimproved realty: we loaa
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$2650— TWO flats: good location:. very cheap.
as owner goes East.. Apply 3316 Mission st.
DO you want a nlca bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH &. MAYER. Plumbers. S36 Howard st ;
REAL ESTATE— Conn try— For S«|#.
„_ W?~jT WHITE-
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
*"O.crn — Klamat'.i Co.. Southern Oregon: bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 3000 acres: cut
about 35u0 tons of hay annually; also lar«»
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; good 8-room residence: farming laip!»-
I ments; 10 horses; 3 good barns, etc.
$10.000 — In Sonoma Co.; SUO acre* well fencM
In 3 fields; house; o large barns: dairy hous»;
well watered; 200 acres tillable: ail level; oj
acres S-year-old orchard: UO head cattle, ;a
hogs; farming Implements, etc.; $5O0o mort-
gage: trade for bay property.
| $27,C00— In Placer Co.. on R. R.— 1680 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
I 400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 gooi
barns: farming implements: CO head catt!»; |j
bead horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$S50O— Sold by order of Superior Court. 10W
acres, near Point Arena. 2C0 acres flne potato
land; apple orchard; 6©o acres more couia b*
planted; 30O acres heavy timber: well in-..
proved and fenced: flne dairy or stock ranch.
$5000— B«st ranch la Southern Oregon: 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvement; well fence.!;
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools: outside rar.g-
$3500 — Only 2 miles of town. 155 acres; m
acres old vineyard; family orchard: 60 acre*
clover or alfalfa: under 3 ditches: large n»w
1 bam; will build dwelling to suit buyer; I)
fine milch cows; 2 goo<i horses: farming im-
plements; only *l00o down.
$25CO — 1C0 acres near boat and cars. Sonorrn
Co • good 6-room house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry. $2Cu;
job can be had with the place.
$:»0i>— Cne mile P. O.. schools and stores;
255 acras; 40 level; 10 could b<» lrrlsated;
I house. larg» barn, outhouses; well fencej »ni
i cross-fencei: 150 hens: new buggy, wagon.
i farming rools: 20 head cattle: 3 wells; water
piped to l.ulldlngs; furniture.
I $4500 — Two and half miles live town sni
R R. ; 400 acres: 40 in grain on creek, about
' 100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
I Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.: fine place for resort or sanitarium,
not far from city.
; $.1000 — 3 miles of Santa Cruz. 47 acres; I*
' under cultivation, balance flne pasture; 3i".3
I assorted fruit trees; 15 "> grapes; windmill anl
I tank: water pipeti to buildings and yards:
splendid S-rocm hard finished house, goo.l
I stable and poultry houses; span good horses; -
! cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buzg!?*
I and harness: hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2650 — 1C0 acres. 8 miles of Napa City, 2
mlVs P O.: 30 acrea under cultivation; IS
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fine grain:
«;5 acres more could be cultivated: balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry house*.
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse.
cow. poultry, tools.
$2000— 160 tcres. at station snd near Saata
Crux 35 acres clear: orchard; 10-rocm houses
outbuildings: mortgage $2000: trade equity.
$■5500— Near San .lose. 14 acres bearing fruit.
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation; build*
'$;V>jo 2« acres sandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluma; house. 3 rooms and bata;
P *$7S<>^-Gold mine, with shaft and flne body^
of ore In sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot. • _ -
• POO "0 acres, near Sebastopol. Sonoma
Co- t» acres clear: 4 acres bearing apple-.;
running stream; buildings; rich sandy lcam;
to«>!;o_Lf5 e "st equipped poultry farm In th»
State- 12 acres rich valley land. 2 miles of
Calistcga; furniture, poultry, stock, wagons.
t0 $lVoO^-Near Sebastopol: 16 acres; o-cha-4.
berries; pasture; fenced 3 or 4 fields; ea»y
• moo 040 acre?, 5 miles of Soledad. 5 acr»»
bearing orchard. 10 acres bearing grapes. 40
acres bottom Und: house, barn, packlag-houj-.
1 tools- water piped' to buildings and pasture;
equity $f>CO; to exchange.
SO acres; 15 creek bottom: fruit, grap-s.
berries buildings; one mile town: tools; $600.
Send stamp for printed list.
W J WHITE. 26 Montgomery St.. room 5
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO. SSSSSmB ST.
1010 acres — Sacramento Valley: all level; R.
R. switch on land: Irrigating ditch; a 10-acr*
. orange grove adjoining this tract will sho«r
, what the land Is capable of; the man that buys
this now can subdivide It into UO an.l 4O acre
pieces and double his money this year; price
1 15. 000
255 acres— In Contra Costa County: a mod»l
general farm and horse breedins ranch; 2 v j
hours* drive from Oakland and I 1 ? miles from
Walnut Creek: good Improvements: ha!f-m:!>>
racetrack; mo<!ern residence, completely fur-
nisherl: rrice $'-*o.uoo.
l-_-'j acres — Half mile from Lincoln. 23 miles
', from Sacramento: 70 acres In alfalfa: a com-
; plete and profitable dairy ranch; 40 cows. r.O
1 yearlings; horses; large milk route; hog.',
thickens: a great bargain: price $12. 00ft.
♦i.1 acres — ♦> miles from Sacramento, on river-
side drive; 35 acres in alfalfa; all flne vegetable
' land; 8-room house, barns, etc: a fln« dairy
1 ranch- will support 5O cows: price $12,000.
320 'acres— « miles from Wllllts. Mendocino
County: 4i> acres tillable, balance pasture and
■ woodland: house, barn and running stream;
310 acres— Santa Clara County. 20 miles fr>m
San Jose. 12 miles west of Madrone station !n
Santa Crux Mountains; house, barn and chlck'n
ranch: one of the tyst trout streams in t!i»
State runs through this land: price $UX*>.
12 acres — At LJvermore.Alame<la County; a
complete and perfect chicken ranch; 5-rfvn
hous*. barn, windmill and tank, chicken ana
brooder houses: prlc» snono. „„_
PAUL. P. AUSTIN and N. K. SPECT.
Managers Country Department.
$25CO— 160-ACRE stock ranch. Sacramento
County; No. 1 feed; will carry 100 head of
stock till October 1.
$.3500— Improved ranch of *0 acres: San
Joaquln County: near Lodl: good house, barn
and windmill : 200rt-gallon tank, orchard, etc. ;
fenced and cross- fenced.
$40O— 10 acres of flne land for chicken ranch;
good location: Sacramento County.
31000 — 20 acres of choice land. Saa Joaquin
County; half alfalfa land.
$400 Good opening for country blacksmith:
Sacramento County, together with 10 acres of
choice land.
S40O — 40 acres of nice foothill land. 2^
miles from railroad station. 1 mile from school:
this Is the making of a flne chicken ranch
where a man can keep S or 3 cows; spaa of
horses and mak« a nice home.
Address box 15. Gait. Cal.
6227 A Merced River, Merced Co., CaL; ap-
praised by court at $71,000: assessed by
County Assessor at $40,000; offered for $50.-
000- Vi year's time. 6 per cent; 900 A. level
grain, fruit and alfalfa, land; 4327 A. roll-
Ing — grazing and grain land; Merced River
passes through land; 900 A. can be irrigated —
water free — no royalties: improvements good:
school 1 mile; church and tqwa 3 miles; oa
direct road to Yoaemlte; must be sold to clos*
estate; a bargain: the profits from these lands
made the former owner. JOHN L. IVEIJU
who was murdered la 1S90. rich; flsa rains;
everything green and growing now. Address
J. W. KNOX. attorney-at-law. Merced. Cal.
FOR COUNTRY LANDS.
APPLE RANCHES.
BERRT FARM.
POULTRY RANCHES.
Come to Watsonville. The> largest ami
surest producing section In th* West.
Send for descriptive catalogue.
It. P. QUTNV.
"Watsonvllle. Cai
Or room 25. Chronicle building.
38 ACRES near town of SebastODoL Sonoma,
County: flrst-class loam soil: tn Pleasant
Hill district; no frosts; about « acres or-
chard, some vines; no hous« or other im-
provements except fence: small creek with
water all year; sell cheap or exchange fnr
vacant lots around bay. Address) P. M..
P. O box 193. Berkeley. Cal.
TIMBER LANDS ON SALE—
Choice timber lands; sugar piae. white pine. -
flr and cedar: nearly all level and the tlro>-
ber can be easily milled; pronounced by s;rr-
veyors tn be an elegant opening. /
GEO. W. AUSTIN. Real Estate AgeRk*ani
Dealer, 100 Broadway. Oakland. /
JOSEPH STRAUB. 830 Market st.
J2W0 — 34 acres; 14 acres cultivated; balaacs
pasture aad timber laad: house, statue, barn.
chicken-houses, well and wlndstl 11; railroad
passes through property.
?1600 — 16O acres; 10 acres orchard: house,
cellars, corrals; plenty water year round; Has
pasture; pine and oa_ wood; cheap.
TO close estate— Country place In center of
Montecito Valley. Santa Barbara: nearly VI
acres: well located: good 8-room house, sta-
ble, 2 good wells, fruit and shade; furnished
or unfurnished; at less than cost. Address
box 34. Montecito. Cal.
FOR sale — 10 a^;s of alfalfa land; on ditch:
12 acres already checked up; M mile ditch
built; flrst-cUss offer; party has too much
land; price. $60 per acre. PAU1. P1CK-
HARDT. Modesto. Cal.
TAMALPAIS Mutual Building and Loan As-
sociatlon advances money for~buildlas pur-
pose» on Marln County property. Addres*
J. A. McPHERSON. Secretary, Townsenl
and Fourth sts*.. city.
SUMMER resort snd mineral springs, Lak*
County. California, for rent or sale at low
figure. Inquire Hennings Bros.' grocery.
Sixth and Alice sts.. Oakland.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acra farm.
! $200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J St.
WRIGHT A K1MBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
TEN acres orchard: well fenced: house of 5
rooms: high basement, barn, chicken- houses;
one mile from Haywards: price $4.*>0i>. Ad-
dress D. CHISHOLM. Haywards, Cal.
A 5- ACRE squab and poultry ranch across th»
bay; completely furnished; nice home; run-
ning stream: flne foliage; must sell. Room
50 Klood building.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
vineyards; inspected' har«rRln»: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market «t.
EHAIJj country home for poultry raising:
easy distance from San Francisco. Address
box 272$, Call office.
160 ACRES — Southern part Monterey County;
will exehaaxe. FREDERICK. 3730 17ta st..«EAJL^ESTATE--Cooiitry — For Sale.
FREE Us>t of real rroperty. town and countrv.
Write w. T. BONSTELL. real estate agent.
Eureka. OI.
ALFALFA our B&edaltjr: hen alfalfa land at
• ».O t*r acre; ditch and artesian water. V.
H JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery »t.
fcAN maxl:o hi;\l estate.
f AN MATEO - EAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
IjISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
. We have a chi'lc* lirt of excellent r»«Hdence
rror»rT!r.v villa cites and acreage. Don't fall
<«' *e« u» Lefote buying. Invertlrate San
>»teo Park. The ideal property cf them all.
L<v.s of about cne acre »ach. Easy terms.
. Bound to b«r most valuable. See our local
agert, Frank E. Grummon. San Mateo offlce
ct,«n £un£a>s
BALDWIN fc HO WELL. 25 Post et.
SAN M4TEO. BURLINGAME.
~ t i-^st rofcorbu bcn-.»« nttr Fan Francisco; no
• *>tv, electric ra-;:ro«d now running; lots and
r*-Fi0ence* for eale; < an sell good lets 81
mm a* {.y*) each; we »U1 be glad to show
them; w* ai, o have »r-,me acreage, land near by
*s low at fJOO to $2<y> ver acr< >
Me A KEE BROTHERS.
I r >s tfontxotaerjr ft.. Pan Krancism.
• r.'Mdrrt scent. B. O. G'kIDHVF.. Western
T -:.- T>'»rr«rri •■":l!i::ig. fan Mateo.
. Jt°J^'XJ5i£?i^5 >xn REAL ESTATE.
WATER fror.t lets and hargalr.s: all tracts':
n-nr«. r^">«. »tr. KKLL. 417 Parrott bldg.
_SA> IIAKAEL ItEAL ESTATE.
GOOD San Rafael home cheap: S room*, barn,
-lertrirny. MU Fifth av< ... g, n Ra.f >P l.
Hi: M. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
82 ACRES; ene mile from YountvWe depct.
Napa County; now in prunes grain & vege-
tables; fin* level land: price $6u00; will trade
tor -.-<■... place from 5 to 20 acres, with good
improvements, within 12 miles of Oakland;
■w ::i ass-jTr.e mortgage cr pay cash difference.
inquire cr writ*" HENNINGS BRQS ' GRO-
«'ERY. F.xth and Alice sts.. Oakland.
C% ACRES near Sebastcpol. Sonoma County;
fr !n» orchard and vines; a first-class propo-
rtion; will exchange for any property
around fcay net requiring too much atten-
tion: eome crchard tt.d vines, running water:
•no tmcrovemente; just the thir.r for poultry
and fruit ranch. Address P. M.. P. O. box
IE3, Berkeley. CaJ.
I WANT to exchange twa lots In Denver.
Ccio , cc« the rwr.er $JX» in 1S93. for a «-
roon: cottage in Fruitvale: will pay cash bal-
_ ar.ee. P. PRATT. Fruitvale, Cal.
ALAMEDA residence; 7 rooms: large lot- for
. iL Z' rrc-rerty: will pay difference $2750. Box
2SSS. Ca!l office.
Ht/.l. ESTATK WASTED.
WANTED— To buy or rer.t small improved
r:*r» in cvur.try or a Jmniettead Improved-
. chfar- B*x 2*00. fail office.
W ~. vtn get ta*h for good farms and city
irtt*rt>. 1? price it r:£ht. KNOX & RIFE.
■ Marietta. Ohio.
WANTED— Houm cf 3 Ca'.s; modem. Box
2t«fc «'a'.l off.ee.
rKOrEUTY WANTED.
WANTED- rettar» er trr.all hou«e tn vicinity
■ : raiv ; 3 < r «i r--cm*. Box 2770. Call office.
WANTED— Small country il»<-e suitable fcr
. r.:rn!! ra;i«-h. Pox 23?g. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'JIENTS
kstatb.
j
. HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
FOr: SALE ON EASY TERMS
FOR 30 DAYS.
$:•<» DOtry. ralance to suit.
22 LOTS
S3:4x!2i TO 33x176.
TART OF 5^O-«-ALLED FROMM TRACT.
''■'■" BLOCK* moil SIXTH-8T. STATION.!
THIRTY MINUTES FROM PAN FRANCISCO, i
•_ HALF CLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL
TWO CLOCKS FROM CAR LINE.
K HOME KOr. EVERYBODY.
j2i«Mj — 5-iootn. l ! 3 -etory cottage: lot 25x101;
lerme.
*:oiiO — S-ro&m. 1-ttorj- ccttage; lot 2Cxl00;
ttrms.
Jr4(X>— .V:o-.m. 1-story ccttage: lot 26x!00;
terms. •
J175O — ;.-rvm. l-«tory ccttage; lot 2Gxl25; one-
quart'i cash.
fi\XA^- 7-:-ocm. 1-ttcry cottage, lot 34x150: $300
ccth.
12150 — .Vrocm. 1-story ccttage; lot 40xll«; cne-
half cash.
WKO O-Toom. 1-ttory ccttage; let 50x150; one-
half cath.
$3300— 7-rooo, 1-etory ccttage; lot 00x130; cr.e-
«;uar«r cash.
ftZZO— ft roans; extra bargain: lot 50x267: fine
k.caTicr. ; J' ■►-• down, balance terms.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST., 60x100; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CE3TTRAL AVE.. NKAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS-; LARGE LIfcT OF REALTY.
FOH EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCIS<V>
KEAL KSTATE — A MODERN' 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN THE BEST LOCALITY.
APrLY TO A. U. IjENKE, 1400 WEBSTER
ST.. ALAMEDA.
DON'T OVERLOOK OCR BARGAINS IN
REAL ESTATE.
EEAUTIFUL HOMES FOR SALE ON EASY
TERMS.
ASTONISHING PRICES.
WE HAVE EXA«~TLY WHAT TOU WANT
AND AT THE R.IGHT PHI'TT.
FOR SALE.
$1300 buys a gi^rd . 5-rocm cottage; lot 35x100.
J2000 bujs a good C-room house: lot 50xil7.
f24C» buys a «-room colonial house; large lot.
$^300 bu>> new 3-rocm cottage; San Jose ave.;
KcxJern.
J2S50 buys new 6-roetn colonial bouse; very tle-
tirable.
tSSOQ boy? a beautiful 7-reora hcute; Cne lo-
caticn.
$*30Q k-uys a new ir.cdem S-rocm house, ele-
gantly srrarged.
(2300 buys a 3-roota ccttage; lot 50x133; a
enap. /
$2S50 buys a 5-rocrn ccttage: lot 73x123; Cen-
tral ave.
$1230 buys an 6-rocm house; latest improve-
ments; a barsain.
HOUSES AND LOTS AT ALL PRICES.
EASY TERMS.
STOP PAYING RENT AND PURCHASE A
HOME: INVESTIGATE AND BE CON-
VINCED: IT IS CHEAPER TO BUY THAN
TO PAT RENT.
CHOICEST ISOLATION'S AND BEST PROPO-
SITIONS EVER OFFERED: AVAIL YOUR-
SELF* OF THE OPPORTUNITY AND SE-
Ct'RE A HOME.
wj: can help tou.
ec5t contracts and easy terms.
c»ll or telephone.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 TARK STREET.
PHONE ALAMEDA 43f.. ALAMEDA.
SMALL co'.tace. 4 rooms; $1000; part cash.
reft FBifcll wu-roents.
A beautiful modern C-room -cotjage; lot
Z<JxlOh: •i'OOf*: X> tst cash, rest installments.
' A ci^an«~e cf a lifetime: elegant modern <5-
ronm r>ou»* > . alrrcst new. situated near eta-
tiens and sctooU; fine locality: lot SOxlOS;
price K4C0 ra*h and Installments.
An un-to-date "-room hou^e; modern: located
in the beit nrlirnc* part of Alameda; $G630
cafch and Installments.
li-room tnod/rn home on Chestnut St.; comer
lot 75xl2S: tain i* one of the prettiest homes
!n Alameda; will sell for $7500; this could not
b* duplicated for $10,000; Investigate.
Bulling Lot* a Specialty.
1 HAMMOND* & HAMMOND,
1422 Park St.
WE are building cottages of 5 and 6 rooms.
' with all tr.odr-ra improvement*, on lots 45x133
mnd 60x175. near school and station, on terms
of frcm $3uO to $500 cash, balance in monthly
paynientc, f«ime as rtnt.
C.ill and see u* befcre purchasing. It will
i .r < ■ your interest. Plans and estimates given
free to prc*p*ctive buyers.
WM. DUFOUR & CO..
S32» Eanta Clara ave.,
. •,'.; near Park st., Alameda.
c <f) oon — BUSINES-'S orooerty for sale in Oak-
land: 44 room*; lot 50x100; now leased for 5
\*bts a.1 $150 i>er month; good security; also
;n Alam'da. a brand new fc-rocm house; up-
to-date. *
Property cf all kinds in all parts of Ala-
r r '.d, reasonable uri'-rs and terms.
CHABLES ADAMS & CO..
" a y b'tfction. Alameda. Phone Alameda C352.
CONTINUE THE BUSINESS.
The insurance buFinei" of the late Wi:il»-
' ton K. Conger is to be carried pn by Mrs. M.
■ n. Conger. MI*s Kate E. Conger and Thej-
dcre C. Christensen. The firm name is W.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
5-ROOM hou* cn Lafayette st.; $1SOO; bar-
Kaln: n;ust be sold.
Fine 6-room houre on Reg.nt et. ; splendid
location: mrst be sold at once. GEO. L.
LEWIS. It/U Turk «t.
: 1
« FIXE lots adjoining Stanford University
grounds; corner, on main drive; will ex-
change f or Alameda property. Box 2036, Call.
FOR sale— New cottage of 5 rooms: Fair Oaks
ave.. 100 east of Caroline st. J. H. YOUNG.
builder. 1C43 Park st., Alameda.
$120O— COTTAGE cf 4 rooms~and bath: lot 27 »i
»137S- C*ll Grove M.. San Francisco.
ALAMEDA IIOC'SES.
ALAMEDA— For rent, large furnished house;
owner to occupy 2 cr 3 rooms; J3o. P. O.
box 72, Alameda.
TO reliable t<arties. an •artistic 7-room bung-
«!"" . furnished or unfur. 12K1 Caroline gt.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY MEAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN.
$3000— Worth $10.0y<>; bank loaned $5000 on
this property; must be sold; S beautiful
rooms: good as new: fine wide street:
near both trains; lot 25x140; large barn;
prettiest garUtn in Berkeley; street work
all done.
$5130 — New 7-room house: frescoed walls: fine
mantel; street work all done; 5 blocks
from both trains; *500 caeh, balance $25
per month ; less than rent.
$2300 — Nearly new 4-room cottage; bath: all
furnished, including new pin.no, carpets,
curtains. bed. bedding. pictures and
dishes: lot 50x135; fruit trees and beau-
tiful flower carden; cne-half block to
train; oui,er* in East.
$2100— New 5-rocm ccttage; $200 cash, balance
$20 t-er month.
12S0O— Two fiau, 5 rooms each; lot 40x120.
$1500 — Four rooms and ba«ement: lot 30x135;
fine fruit trets; well and pump, chicken
hemse: half blcck to train; $30o caeh. bal-
ance $15 per month. Stop paying rent.
$1400 — 5-room cottage: lot 5Oxl&0; street work
all done; well and pump, chicken house
and yard; one ar.d a half blocks to cars;
$4"J0 cath, balance $12 per month.
$"00 — 4-room cottage; iot 40xl32! 5 ; 4 blocks
to train.
$rx"K) — 3-room cottage; street work all done.
$200— $10 cash, talance *3 per month, will
buy a fine lot. all sewered.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
ALL ABOUT BERKELEY.
Berkeley lies on tlie sunny elopes that dtp
westward, overlooking the bay and always
facin; the eternal sunshine. The altitude
of Berkeley Is atout 200 feet above the sea,
riting to 40<> fftt north and south of the
unlvcrshity grounds. Berkeley's drainage
and Etwciage [ a excellent.
We are comparatively free from cold,
drirring atmosphere. log and disagreeable
winds. No mosquitoes; no fevers. The
healthiest city In the world. Hundreds of
tarr.ilies are living here by advice of physi-
cians, coming from every section cf San
Francisco and the whole State Immediate
benefit to health is the invariable rule.
We have the bc^t suburban ferry service
in jhe world, and it is >tt to be vastly Im-
proved.
\Ve Inxite you t« come to Berkeley and
investigate. Our time and carriages are at
the command of intending renters or buyers.
Write us for further information. We will
send >ou maps and lists of the beft houses
an-i lots fcr the money on this side of the
bay.
Phone North 92.
W. R ELLIS & CO.,
2150 SHATTUCK AVE..
BERKELEY STATION.
WE HAVE SEVERAL PIECES OF LAND
ON THE MAIN SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAIL-
ROAK SUITED FOH MANUFACTURING
PURPOSES. SOME WITH WATER FRONT-
AGE. WILL SELL FOR Sl<> PER FRONT
FOOT. WILL MAKE TERMS TO LEGITI-
MATE ENTERPRISES.
DO YOU WANT A REAL NICE COTTAGE
OR HOCSE BUILT TO YOUR ORDER \T
THE VERY CHEAPEST COST AND ON
EASY TERMS? IF YOU DO CALL ON US.
FOP. CHOICE OF LOT*-' COME QUICK
THREE SOLD THIS WEEK. "CRYSTAL
SPRINGS TRACT." THREE BLOCKS FR'i.M
DW1GHT STATION. ON PARKER, BLAKE.
GRANT AND CARLTON STS. STREET
WORK FINISHED ON PARKEIL ST. AND
« ONTRArTS ENTERED INTO Ful: ALL
other streets.
cheny & berry,
postoffice block,
eerkeij:y. cal. .!
•
1
____^ I
$C0<> — NICE south-front lot, cnly 2'-j block? !
cf U. C.
$1.430 — An elegant, eigh'.ly. well-located lot :
la Scenic Tract; adjoining lots hell
much hlrher.
$2.750 — A nice, modern, 7-room house in Lorin
District; finished street; house and
grounds in fine condition.
$5,500— A handsome, thoroughly well-built
house of 9 rood rooms and reception
ha!l; nearlv new and in nice condition:
Itrse corner lot; fine location; near
U. C. ar.d "Key," and is a genuine
baigaln.
$t,50«>— A well located business lot. close to |
main business corner, 5^x120, with cheap j
buildings: exceptionally gocd for in- :
vestment.
$l<5,1.00 — A clcse-in business property In a par-
ticularly choice location, bringing a pood
tncome anrt can be improved.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
HOUSE of 3 rooms. $1100; street work and
sidewalks complete; half block from Key
route.
6 room?, furnished. $1130.
$3000 — 13 rooms: 1 block from university.
J. P. HALE. 1511 Shattuck ave..
North Berkeley.
1725 3-ROOM cottage, 1 block from car line: !
lot 30x100; easy terrr.s: situated at 1006
Grayscn St., West Cerke'.ev.
MORAN & SWAIN, 2131 Shattuck ave.. |
opp. Berkeley nation. I
12^00— ELEGANT 5-rcom house: high base- \
ment: street work complete: nice floor: handy j
to cars- «w»U location; $250 ca?h. balance
ISO per month. C. C. EMSLIE.
Ashby station: phone Stuart 709. ,
" ALL DESIRABLE PROPERTIES.
j"f)CO — Modern cottage. S rooms and bath, base-
ment and brick foundation: Tot 4->xl2O.
j""50 New and modern buncalow: 5 rooms,
bath, etc.; lot 50x135: Improved street.
I2S50 2-e'tcry colonial house; 6 rooms; close to
station; new and well arranred.
53ICO 2-story colonial house; S large rooms:
bath and all modern Improvements;
close in.
i»iO0 Fine large lot: improved street: a snap.
Special: Great bantain! Rare opportunity!
• o^OO g-room modern house: built 1 year: lot
«Oxl36; improved street: sunny exposure;
$250- ?25 i»er month.
H. D. IRW1N. L-srin station.
O^en Sundays.
BARGAIN'— 3-room cottage, high basement,
brick foundation, stationary tubs, mantel,
folding doors. r*ntry. city water, fruit trees, j
chicken house; lot 50x160: 1 blocks to sta-
tion- price *2.JO0: terms $230 each, balance
*•»«' monthly: open Sunday. O. A. RL-
DOLPH. Lorin Station.
gS'AP— 8-room house, almost new; bath, pan-
*trv city water, piped for ga*. pretty mantel.
friding doors; lot 48xtt3: Dric« $2'J5O; terms
$260 cash, balance same as rent; this prop-
erty is convenient to railroad station, both
ferries electric cars and stores; oaen Sun-
days. *O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Station.
WILL sell 50 cr 100 feet frontage, irregular
depth, rear University of California: grand
view of hills and bay point*: Rood lecal |
train and street car service; price $32 50 per
foot. . A«Urtcs "Owner," box 10SS. Call of-
fice, Oakland. %
|C3 20-ROOM lodging-house, one block from
rsr and U. C. : well and windmill; now pay- I
ing $155 per month: will lease fcr term of
jears and *ell furniture.
YOUNGS Jt. BERRY.
2149A Center st.. Berkeley. Phone Dana 205.
COTTAGES, house*, lots: large l!«t: terms.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin. South Berkeley.
M. P. W. ALBEE. real estate and insurance —
Buy a home in Berkeley, the most desirable
residence city in the State; lowest prices
guaranteed. 2133 Center st.. Berkeley. Cal.
FRANCIS FERRIeIT
REAL ESTATE. LOANS AND INSURANCE.
Desirable properties too numerous to mention
cn every street In Berkeley at lowest prices;
will furnish funds and build a home for you
on monthly payments less than rent.
List your properties with us.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opp. BERKELEY Station.
$2300 — A MODERN 0-room cottage in one of
the choicest localities In Berkeley can be se-
cured on easy terms: $300 down, balance on
time: 'or quick sale the price may b* shaded
a little; this opportunity for a few day*
cnly. JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck ave.
4 ACRES In the heart of Berkeley: 2 blocks
from Santa Fe: 2 blocks from High School:
2 blocks from two electric e^r lines: price
••J.'WO for a few day* only. LITTLE &
WOOLSET. 2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
SKND for ma:> of the Wheeler Tract: special
harrains for this week. W. J. MORTIMER
Jt CO.. 2123 Ctnter £t.: main entrance to U.
c.
A. MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, buy, sell or exchan.e.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 28. 1904.
BERKELEY AD VERT' S'M'NTS
nE^mEL^Y^REAL^JE^TATE^
NEW house of 8 rooms; bath, laundry and at-
tic, polisheo. hardwood floors, furnace, ce-
ment basement, combination fixtures; lot 60x
135; near key route. S. P. and car line; unsur-
riasred marine view; owner built to live In
himM-If. so If you want a well-built, at-
tractive home and want to save commission,
here Is your chance; $0300; terms If desired.
P. O. box Ib7. Berkeley. CaJ.
LEVEL lot in Daley scenic tract: superb view;
1 SUioO. D. L. 1SGRIGG, 220S Fulton St.,
j Berkeley.
' $350 — NOW Is the time to get in on th»
ground floor! Berkeley Is spreading ltsslf
like the creat American eagle; we have se-
' cur'd t'ie oitlon on some lots lying just
i north of Berkeley, adjoining the town line,
fast of Ehattuck ave.; view beyond descrip-
tion: easy of access; *nly 3 blocks from
car line; terms to suit.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
21?3 Center St.. BeYkMey.
Near F.fttrance to U. C
$450 — LOT 50x135 on Bristol *t.. near Grove
st.; hi* snao; terms cash. W. J. MORTI-
MER & CO.. 2123 Center st.
$13,000— PAYS good interest; up-to-date boartf-
ing-huuse: overlooks ani adjoins the uni-
versity grounds on the south; Investigate
thl«.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
2123 Center it.
Main entrance to U". C.
JOS. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE.
S. E. COR. SHATTL'CK AVE. AND CEN-
TEK ST. COME AND SEE OUR CHOICE
BUILDING BITES, IMPROVED PROPER-
! TY AND BUSINESS LOTS. SOME Al
; BARGAINS.
i
1 ELEGANT new 6-room cottage: modern; only
$'.'7<.i>: tas»y terms: open Sunday. HHtJ Alca-
tra* ave.. South Berkeley. « .
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. BARKMEYER.
12C6 Frultvale ave.. Frultvale, Cal.
$S00 — Cozy cottage of 2 large rooms; hard I
finished;«chicken-house«; lot 10Cxl50; 2 blocks '
! frcrn car line; easy terms. |
I .^___^__
$1100 — Almost new cottage of 4 rooms; hard |
finished: good well and pump; corner lot, lOOx 1
100; all fenced: 1 block from car line; see thla
before buying elsewhere. |
i $14S0— Cottage of 4 rooms and- bath; high |
(basement; pis and electric lighting: lot 37:6x 1
1126: cn macadamized street; I3 block from
j school ari 4 blocks from Frultvale station; |
I terrr.s easy. ■
— — '
$1550 — New bay-window cottage of 5 rooms 1
I and bath; ail modern; h!gh basement; lot 40x j
; 115; *i block frjm car line; worth Investlgat- \
lr '*'
$2000 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath: i
I lot 66x137:6; a!l fenced; chicken-houses, etc.: j
; situated on macadamized avenue, near car
I line. ;
$23Pf> — Cottage cf 5 larpe rooms ar.d bath;
I high barerr.er.t; city water; lit 75x200; front -
> Ing on 2 streets: ail fenced.
$2700— New up-to-date cottage of 5 rooms:
larpe reception haH; gas and electric lighting:
combination fixtures: porcelain bath, ch'.na
cioset. etc.; lot S0x!5'">: on Fruitvale ave.
For parti <MJ !s rs apply to
H. BARKMEYER.
I2ft3 Frultvale ave., Frultvale, Cal. j
Tel. Brook 638.
SNET5INGER & MATTESCN.
1214 Fruitvale A\e.. Fruitvale, Cal.
$1150 — 4-rcom cottage: lot SlxlOtf; near elec- j
trie cars and school; high basement; gar- |
d*n; $300 down.
$1750 — 5-room ccttage; lot 4?xl25; near eta-
tion and cn electric car line; fine resi-
dence location: $250 down; monthly In- !
etallments J12 50. j
MANY OTHER BARGAINS LIKE THE |
ABOVE. ASK TO SEE THEM. ;
DESIKABLE BUILDING LOTS— $5 down— $5
rer menth.
SEND FOR OUR PAMPHLET ON FRUIT-
VALE.
SNETS1NGER A MATTESON,
1214 Fruitvale Ave., Fruitva>, CaJ.
CHAS. F.- LEE. Phone VaJe 236.
Offlce. half block from Frultvale station.
$300 — Nice cottage of four rooms: fruit trees
and flowers; chicken yard and house; close to
street cars, local train and school: large shade
trees and nice creek of pure water: lot 20tj fest j
Oetp; fine rlace for chickens; ?250 cash, bal-
ance $12 monthly.
S130U — $3i.iO cash, balance $16 SO per month:
seven rooms and bsth cottage; close to local
train and Echool; chicken jard, chicken house
and small barn; lot 72x123.
$1400— $200 cash, balance $15 60 per month;
modem, new. Eastlake cottage of four rooms
and bath; high basement: close to local train,
street cars and school; lot 38x125.
$1730 — $40n cash; modern five-room and bath
bungalow cottage; close to cars and school,
away from the cold winds and fogs, in the
warm belt of Fruitvale; Just the place for a
chicken ranch: Jot :H~> feet deec.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract: fine
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
no cold winds or wet tog*, and lots only $70
each- $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 FruitvaJe ave.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars;
ftreets graded and graveled: stone sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $30 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
train; bt«t located property on San Leandro
road- graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN 1101 Twenty-ihlrd ave.. OcUIand.
SATHER Tract at Frultvale station— We have
subdivided this beautiful tract Into lots 40x
125 and 37:fxl25: selling <>n easy terms;
prices same: loia are going fast: new build-
lnsrs are Koinp up: we are exclusive agent*.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO.. Frultvale.
one block from station: carriage waiting.
4 ACRES, near Fruitvale and car line; half In .
orchard: large fi-room cottage and attic:
windmill. tank'KiUt-e. barn, carriage house
and stable: $5500: half cash. SYNDICATE
INVESTMENT CO.. Frultva'.e station.
SNAP — 5-room cottage In Frultvale: almost
new; bath: hot. cold water; chicken house,
etc.: lot 75x200: selling on account of sick-
ness: It will sro cheap; easy terms. Apply
P. O. box 4S4. Frultvale.
A MAN wants to buy a cottage In Frultvale,
near station. Box 2W>*. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) HEAL ESTATE.
S. M. DODGE * SON,
S. M. DODGE & SON,
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway — That's the place to buy.
1160 Broadway — That's the place to buy.
1160 Broadway — That's the place to buy.
$3000 — Brand new home; everything complete;
you can move right In; 8 large convenient
rooms; nice bav-wlndow ; enclosed back
porch; lot 32x115; $500 cash"; three blocks
to Key route ferrv line.
$500 — Ask u.« about this corner lot near the
lake: 40x130; nearby lot recently sold by
us at $20 per foot.
$000 — 4 lots belonsing to estate we are clos-
ing out: Market and Thlrt>»second sts;
size 40x115 each.
$3000 — Nicely finished 7-room house: sunny
side of street: lot 50x130; If you want
property of this description this should
not be overlooked by you: near Key route.
tjoOO— Cottage. 4 rooms: 25x115; within walk-
ing distance of 2 S. P. stations.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 BROADWAY.
AGENTS FOR FINE HIGH LOTS IN CEN-
TRAL PIEDMONT TRACT— >J CASH, BAL-
ANCE^ AT 7H PER CENT.
$230 CASH. $0 monthly; neat, cozy new-built
cottage, surrounded by immense laurel and
oak trees; running stream of mountain water;
randy loam soil C to 10 feet deep; lovely
FurroundlnKc; section building up rapidly:
near car line; fine schoolhouse; good sub-
stantial community: see it and you will buy
it. sure; adjoining East Oakland; away from
cold winds and fog; price all told. SU75; 2
lots: fiOxlOO. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh i>t.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
A DESIRABLE place for a home at your own
term*. See the owner. P. J. KELLER, of
Rote ave.. :17th and 3!Hh sts.. Piedmont ave.;
office 464 Ninth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC.
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
$1700 — Cottage 5 rooms and bath: very neat:
first-class order; close to Telegraph ave.;
cn very easy terms.
—0606—
NEW HOMES.
$2C50 Cottage of 5 rooms, porcelain bath with
nickel trimmings, reception hall with ar-
tistic eide window, dining-room paneled,
double china cloeet, mantel and leaded
glass brlc-fc-brac case, roomy kitchen. Al
pantry, 2 bed rooms and 2 clcsete, wash
trays anl storeroom; a model home;
ica it.
$2760— AN UP-TO-DATE COTTAGE. $2750.
Five rooms; reception hall connecting dln-
Ing-room and parlor; coxy window seats.
fine mantel, bookcase and china closet;
gar and electric lighting; open plumbing;
porcelnin bath, nickel trimmings; medi-
cine chest; must be seen to appreciate its
pi.od value; cloge to Telegraph ave.; lot
37:<ixll5; i>ee photo and plans at office.
$3i'5O— ORIGINAL. COST $4500.
House cf 9 rooms and bath, gas, etc.;
modern conveniences; on lot 50x100: price
also Includes an adjoining lot of 50x100;
shrubbery, etc-.; close to schools, cars,
trains and plaza; this Is an excellent in-
vestment.
$-150(1 — Two Pne flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; srnny; Al location; close to Grove
si.: rxtra 'ot Included in above price; in-
come ?35 per month.
—1023—
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Offer wanted on an. elegant fl-room house,
which muct be sold; must be seen to ap-
preciate; on Webster 6t.. and close to lo-
cal train*, schools, etc.; get particulars at
offlce.
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA RESIDENCE.
Beautiful home; S large rooms and bath: all
modern conveniences; oak hall and stalr-
wny; art glass windows; hot air furnace;
full basement, cement floor; plata glass
window; lot 55x145; choicest residence
location in Alameda: owing to owner's
removal will sell at sacrifice; cost $3250;
offer wanted.
LOTS ON NEW KEY ROUTE FERRY LINE.
FINE LOTS, 40x135: ALL STREET WORK
AND SIDEWALKS FREE; PRICE $<5C0
TO *700: EASY TERMS: BEAUTIFUL
PANORAMIC VIEW OF BERKELEY
HILLS AND GOOD MARINE VIEW:
THIS PROPERTY IS 1C8 FEET ABOVE
HIGH TIDE, AND ONLY 28 MINUTES
FROM SAN FRANCISCO BY KEY
ROUTE FERRY LINE; $3 MONTHLY
COMMUTATION TICKETS. WHICH
MEANS A 6-CENT FARE; EASY
TERMS.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, CAL.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO (Inc.),
1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST.
REAL ESTATE.
111.
INSURANCE.
Members Oakland Real Estate Exchange.
51600 — 37th St.. near Grove: 3 rooms and
bath: lot 50x200.
jlt5P0 — Myrtle st_, near 2Sth; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 23x123.
520OO— Linden St.. near 30th: 5 rooms and
b»Ui: lot 25x130.
J2000 — Linden rl.. near 33d; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 35x137:0.
52<wi — ssth it., near Gold; 6 rooms and bath;
lot 27x138, i
$2250 — Telegraph ave., cor. 39th st. ; 6 rooms
tnd bath; let 50x100.
?2400— Alcatraz nve., near Telegraph; 5
rooms and bath; lot 35x115.
$2500 — Chestnut St., near 34th; 5 rooms and
bath; lot 40x130.
$2600 — 33th st., near Grove; -6 rooms and
bath; lot 50x200.
52750— 34th *t., near Market; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 32x100.
J375O— 34th st.. near Adeline; 5 rooms ani
bath; lot 33:4x100.
53000— 32d st.. near Linden; 6 rooms ar.d
bath; lot 37:6x100.
$3000— Mark«t St., near 3Sth: 8 rooms and
bath; lot 2SxI0O.
TEL. MAIN 35.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
WOODWARD. WATSON * CO. (Inc.),
1172 BROADWAY, COR. 14TH ST.
DON'T WORRY, BUT GET A HOME.
GOOD HOMES FOR LITTLE MONEY.
$1100 — A perfect gem: 4 rooms, etc.; all finished
i:i the very best style; only one block
to Croat-town electric cars.
$1500— Two-rtory house of 0 rooms, with lot
GOxlOO; close to cars, schools, etc.
$1600 — New bungalow cottage. In North Oak-
land: 4 rooms, bath, etc.; see this.
$24<X> — New colonial house; 6 rooms: close, to
Santa Fe and Berkeley local: Al.
$3100 will buy th» very best two-story colonial
•' house for the money now on the market;
only finished a week aso and close to
Grove and Thirty-first st*. : fine lot.
$2750— Fine Al cottasre, with 7-foot basement:
ti rooms, bathroom, nantry; fine mantel:
two-etory stable; let In 33x150: only short
distance from Telegraph are.: lot erst
$1400 and house $2200— that is $3000— only
a few years ago; ?2750 now takes "it.
S-e me if you wint to invest.
JAE. S. NAISMITH,
534 THIRTEENTH ST., OAKLAND.
FORECLOSURE PROPERTIES.
These properties were taken In under fore-
closure of mortgages and are offered at prices
that are far below the real values.
5-room house; lot 40x125: south side of Third
st.: 330 feet west of Jones ave.; Elmhurst;
$1000.
Lot 42x90: northeast corner Fifteenth ave.
and East Seventeenth st. : $400.
Lot 37^x100; south side of Carrison St.; 291
feet east of fc'an Pablo ave. ; $250.
J. TYRREL, Exclusive Agent.
Member of Oakland Real Estate Association.
506 Ninth St., Oakland Cal.
SPECIAL. *
BOULEVARD TRACT.
MOST DESIRABLE RESIDENCE PROPER-
TY IN OAKLAND. OVERLOOKING LAKE
MERRITT; A $tiO0O RESIDENCE: ADJOIN-
ING MR. W. E. DARGIE'S HANDSOME
RESIDENCE ON THE CORNER OF
TWELFTH ST. AND BOULEVARD, NOW
IN' COURSE OF CONSTRUCTION. AND
TWO MORE FINE RESIDENCES ARE TO
BE BUILT SOON.
PROPERTY WILL INCREASE IN
VALUE 25 PER CENT THE COMING
YEAR. PRESENT LOW PRICE MAY BE
ADVANCED AT ANY TIME.
CALL ON OR ADDRESS
J. A. MacDONALD & CO..
1052 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$3200; new one and a half story 7-room house
and lot 73%xlOO; near 23d ave., East Oakland;
cavy terms.
$500 to $000: lots 25x123 at corner 25th and
Market sts.; one block to San Pablo ave. and
short walk to business center; cheapest lots
in town.
J0OO; sunny lot 35x125; near San Pablo ave.
and 25tb et.
$667 will buy lot 331.3x113 on Edward St.,
between Telegraph ave. and Broadway.
$1150; beautiful e!'vated building lot 40x132
on Vernon st., Vernon Heights; grand view.
$1075: 36-foot lot opposite elegant mansion
of Senator Perkins. Vernon Heights: a snap.
$430; Iot 25x100 on 28th St.. close to San
Pablo ave.
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE.
"■. 1112 Broadway. Oakland.'
$850— NEW modern cottage. 4 rooms and bath;
lot 100x140. on a sunny corner In Elmhurst;
3c tar? to Oakland; this price has been re-
Uuced (or 3 quick sale; -owner going East
next week: must be sold. C. K. MARSHALL.
,118 Broadway. _____
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
46O-4C3 EIGHTH ST..
OAKLAND.
$19,000— Modern 3-story business block; dose
In; 5 years' Ieaee; $1500 per annum.
126,000— Choice corner; 10 flats; $3200 per an-
num; close in: fine Investment.
$25,000 — Elegant mansion; magnificent grounds;
cost $55,000; estate sacrifice.
$10,500 — Elegant -corner; 12-room residence;
extra, choice; cost $12,500; Market;st.
etation.
$7,500 — Bank snap; large house; corner, 150x
140; $40, COO once loaned on this; pick up.
$0,750— Magnificent sacrifice; 10 rooms; fur-
nace: stable; corner, 100x150; cost
$12,500.
$5,250— Albion and Telegraph: fine »-room
house; includes carpets and stoves; lot
45x111.
$5,000— Beautiful cottage. 7 rooms; 60-foot
frontage; Eighth and Linden.
$4,250 — 2-story Gothic; 7 rooms: large recep-
tion hall; corner. 50x140; Clinton etation.
$2,S50 — Modern 6-room cottage; high base-
ment; laundry, gaa, mantel; lot 43x100;
convenient to 14th-st. depot; bargain.
$3,450 — Half cost; large cottage; 7 rooms; cor-
ner, 70x100; walking distance to Broad-
way; big bargain: pick up.
$3,250 — Large cottage; 7 rooms; 3 mantels; lot
42x125; near Filbert and Twelfth.
! TRUSTEES' SALE— MUST BE SOLD.
Fine new house?, S rooms; nice interior; lot
36x115; near "Key" route; possible re-
duction for quick sale; easy terms.
$3,150 — Fine modern house; 6 rooms; up-to-
date; Piedmont's choice section.
$2,750 — 2-story houte; S rooms; 35x105; near
14th and Adeline; easy terms; bargain.
$2,630 — Modern cottage; 6 rooms; gas, mantel,
bath; lot 30xlt3; Center-st. station.
$2,630 — Modern cottage: 5 rooms; fas, mantel.
I bath, furnace; near "Key" route; see
' thla.
$2,250 — Modern 5-room cottage; bath, mantel,
grlllwork; high basement and laundry;
near new ferry station: lot 50xlC0.
$2,250 — Bay-window cottage; 5 rooms: alcove,
bath: windmill, tank; lot 57x100; Lin-
den st.
$2,200— Bay-window cottage; 6 rooms, bath;
corner; 37x110; 11th St.; easy terms.
$1.5C0— Neat cottage; 4 rooms, bath; high
i basement; chicken yard and sheds; lot
I 30x120; terms; near Chestnut st.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4«0-462 Eighth St..
OAKLAND.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1236 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND. CAL.
COTTAGES.
$1250 — Cottage of five rooms, renting at $15 per
month; in elegant condition; lot 26x125 ft.;
on Filbert St.. close in. 13C3
$1450 — Cottage of four rooms and high base-
ment: a nobby little residence on Wals-
worth ave.. Llr.da Vista: owner a non-
resident, and must be fold at once. 1258
$1300 — Cottage of tour rooms; .very pretty
I modern design; lot 30x125 ft.: on Howe St.,
1 near the new Ferry line; price reduced
i from $175O for Immediate sale. 905
I $1550 — Cottagt- of five rooms; lot 25x100 ft.;
property taken in by a local bank on mort-
gage: on Market st. ; well located and clo>e
in. 820
$17C0 — Two flats of eight rooms; lot 34x70 ft.;
on Fiibm «t.; close in:, fine well ot water;
property reduced Irom $2300; must b*
sold at once. 902
$1$CO — Ccttage of flv« rooms: good barn and
driveway; lot 25x95 ft.; corner on Fil-
bert st.; close to local train and street
car; cannot be duplicated for $2000. 10*50
I $1550 — A fine conage of five rooms; finished
; basement- sood 1-arn and driveway; build-
ings newly painted; lots of flowers and
ornamental shrubbery; lot 35x125 ft.: on
! Filbert *t..east front, near San Pablo ave.;
if you want a dandy little home let us
i show you this. 4.T4
! $1SOO— Cottage of four rooms and bath; lot
25x75 ft.; 25th st., near Grove. 43f>
i ?20C0 — Handsome new cottage of 4 room*: re-
j ception"haJl. bath and pantry, cove cell-
i ings, electric lights: facing SE. on a cor-
! ner lot. 40x113 ft: al»o an L lot. 40x100 ft..
; near the Idora Park, with fine view, on
the ferry »y»tem trains and also of the
j bay and foothills; must be seen to b«
i appreciated. 13S3
1 RESIDENCE.
• $4250 — Handsome two-story residence, © rooms:
; Insured fcr $3CC0; lot 75x120 ft.; fine.
: ornamental grounds, facing east on Chest-
nut St., one block from street car; recent-
ly obtained on foreclosure: cannot be du-
plicated for *50O0; Inspection Invited.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.. phone Cedar S51.
A HOUSE and a place to make a living: $2300:
a store and flat of 5 rooms upstair*; at Ad»-
• line station. Seventh st., near new Western
Pacific R. R. terminal; good business prop-
erty and will increase in value: easy terms.
A. L- DERBY, owner. 422 Tenth st.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
THIRTY-SIXTH. 696. ne»r Key route— Key
next doer; 7 rooms and bath: nickel plumb-
ing; very sunny: combination gaa and elec-
tric lighting; rent $35: water free.
G. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway.
BIG catalociie of house?, both for sale and
rent. Issued every Monday morning: get It.
GEO W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
Member of th« Oakland Real Estate Assn.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
HOUSE of 6 nice clean furnished rooms, bath
and gas; walking distance to local train;
tent $25: references. 1422 Thirteenth ave..
Ea*t Oakland. .
OAKLAM) FURNITURE FOH^SALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schelhaas.Uth st..cor.store.Oakland.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
$s50 — NEW house. 4 rooms: lot 5Cxl4.Y
f!400— Njw 4-rcom house; just building; lot
JXtxr41; one block from electric cars.
These and many other bargains; cash or terms.
ELMHURST REALTY CO., Elmhurst, Cal.
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'3I'TS
i
MILL V ALLEYS REAL
SEND for Illustrated booklet of the best tract:
right at station; 100 lots sold in S months:
$10 monthly payments: big lots at $400 to
$750. LYON & IIOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
IN the Redwoods: Cottage of 5 rooms com-
pletely furnished. Including linen;
2-room cottages completely furnished ti let
by the week or month. Apply Redwood Rest,
P. O. box IPO. Mill Valley.
MATRIMONIAL.
SOBER. Intelligent and Industrious widower.
no children but has a good home, would
like to meet a good. Industrious, plain
woman; one that can make a kind husband
a good wife; object matrimony. Box 2C51.
Call office^
AMYOUNG man (2S). carpenter by trade;
steady work and good pay; would like to
correspond with a -younir lady who would
make him a good wife and be willing to
live In a small country town; object matri-
mony: no triflers. Box ?579, Call.
AM 31. sober and rood habits, some means
and property and a good trade, would like t->
make acquaintance of a young lady who
would like a good home"; object matrimony.
Box 2565. CrU.
YOUNG lady. 24 years of age. medium height,
brown hair, eyes dark, fair complexion,
would like to correspond with gentleman; ob-
ject matrimony. ' Address box 2907, Call.
A LADY with a good disposition, good house-
keeper and neat, would like to correspond
with a gfntleman of moderate means; ob-
ject matrimony. Box »26. Call offlce.
A YOUNG lady. 26 year* old (Catholic), would
like to correspond with a gentleman of good
morals and habits and good disposition ; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 26O4, CalL
A WIDOWER (41). no children; no money but
# a good position at a fine salary and can
make a happy home for a kind and loving
wife. Address box 2362. Call.
A BACHELOR of 70, refined and well edu-
cated, in fine health, has an income, would
like to corresDond with lady; object matri-
mony. Box S005; Call.
MARRIAGE PAPER — Prints photos and all ad-
ures»e»; S pages. 10c; correspond without fur-
ther expense. A. P. Stover, box 6tf7. Chicago. 111.
MEDICAL. .
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I hare no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant feet; 17 years' experience in all
female disorders: call or write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 1 24 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10C8^ Market st., opp. 5th.
Vn. anl MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBsT
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. WESTON— Prompt relief for ladies: ecn-
•ult him free. 305 Kearnv st.: tel. Main 4S1.
MEDICAL— Continued.
VALPEAL-S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 60 by express. ' Pasteur's
syrlnx« and tablets; prict *3. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BP.OTH-
ERS. wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaint*: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1013 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetric*, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Gutter St.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies-
specialist; a private home before and during j
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom *t.. corner [
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. j
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite I
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs. j
j MIXES AXU MINING j
MONEY WANTED
You can learn of a golden opportunity to
invest $1C*> to $25C0 in the installation of a
new electric power plant; company also owns |
a valuable group of mining properties; you j
get a valuable stock hoUins. anil your !
money Is fully secured by a 10-year first
mortgage <& per cent bonds; you get the lanl
also. Call or addrees.
ELECTRIC POWER.
213 Safe Deposit Building,
San Francisco.
ONE of those rare, honest opportunities whlcii ;
do not occur often in a lifetime in which ;
the early Investor realizes great profits, some- I
times almost fabulous: can d.uble money by
April 1; 5 rer cent a month dividends on [
and after May 1; call and Investigate. 222
Parrott building.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1304.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st. I
WANTED — Party to take interest in a good i
mining property; g"od opportunity. Box !
1056. Cail offlce, Oakland. !
WANTED — Party to join us on ground flcor i
proposition on rich mine. 231 Parroit b!dp. |
m "^"^ *"— ■" *■ ™~* ~~~~ ~ — ~ ~ — — ■— * |
BlISCKLLAXEOLS — FOR SALE^
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOaH & WOLPMAN. 13i-U>7 Fremont st. ;
TWO bG In.xlO ft. boiltrs; all complete. .$S,V> 00 |
14x2tMn. Meyers' cutoff engine complete 450 tio
2 4*in.xlSft. ret. tubular boiler com.. «•*> l*>
5 h.u. Paine automatic engine com.. CO 00
.*> h.D. Steeole comp. eng. (marine). 73 00
fi h.p. boiler. 4 h.p. vertical eng.; com. 80 Z» j
30 h.p. boiler and engine complete 2T.0 u«> !
V£ h.p. vertical eng. and boiler com.. 1T5 0«> i
10 h.p. mar. gasoline eng. (Hercules) Sio 00 [
2 h.p. mar. gasoline en«r. (Fairbanks) bO ««» i
15 h.r. f.rebox boiler complete 125 <«» !
4 48-in. Pelton water wheels complete. -5<> 0O !
&x24 Dow dn-p well pumps complete.. 2CO <>► j
6x10 Westlnghouse compressor W ftl
6Oin.xl*5ft. ret. tubular boiler comply 4,V> »« |
6x10 double cylinder hotet engine ,15<.» l«> j
6x12 D. C. double drum Murray hoist. 750 00 ;
ft h.p. friction drum hoist with boiler. 275 00
6 h.p. Golden Gate gaM>line engine... l'W uu '
5 stamp quartz mill complete 25O 00
I have 30 miles of pipe ready for delivery j
at trices to make your head ewim.
See me last before buy.nK hd. machinery. I
See me last before selllns hd. machinery.
See me always befcre renting 2d hd. mach'y.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
130-1S2 Beale Street. ,
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay:
needs go painting or ccating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market »t.
AT the Oakland Telegraph-avenue Poultry
Yard. C-M5 Telegraph ave. — Eggs for hatch-
Ing of Buff Cochin. B. P. Kocks. Black
Mlnorcas. White Leghorns, Pekln and Indian :
iiurmer ducks and Toulouse geese eggs. I
ALMOST new. H. and B. transit and level ;
combined, nigh power telescope: original cost
$25S: chcao for ca*h. Call or address C. H. .
HOLCOMD. Ctly Engineers offlce. City Hall.
San Francisco.
CD-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bougnt. sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday pater..
H. S. WHITE MqHY. CO.. 130-133 Beale st.
A— FINE -ults. $7 BO; dress pants. $2 60. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en- j
gines. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-235 Spear st.
LARGE cooking stove, kitchen utensils, 2 beds
with tedding, one counter, meat saw and )
knives; will sell cheap. 223)6 Eighth st.
SHOWCASE; glass front: running drawers
and doors; 28 feet: price $50. BACIGALU-
PI'S PENNY ARCADE. 840 Market St.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats. $1 SO.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to Op. m. : Sundays to noon.
. ...
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair: I
foot-form shoes at $2 B0; we pay express !
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog free, j
34c ROLL and up: fine wall paper; samples :
mailed: painting, tinting, papering. M. MER- !
• IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321. ;
ERIE oil heater. No. 40: $4; call Tuesday and
Wednesday mornings only. 770 Thirteenth at.. I
near Fillmore. j
CART for sale or exchange for a light buggy.
II. A. CRANDELL. 573 Kennedy St.. East
Oakland.
FOR sale — Runts and crosses for squab breed-
ing. Call or write. 5.11 27th St., Oakland^
TWO-SEATED surrey: In order: ch»ap." T. W.
Le BALLISTER. 1169 E. 14th st., E. Oakland
NOVELTY Machine Works^ — Mfrs. special tools,
dies, invention models, r. 3.1. 819 Market st. j
WANTED — A buver for an invalid wheel j
chair: nearly new. 2520 16th st., nr. Folsom.
Encyclopedia Brltannica; Scribner edition: half
' morocco. King's Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister.
HAVING two violin*, will sacrifice one at
third its value; $15. Box 2958. Call offlce.
FOR sale — "New Medallion" kitchen range;
slightly used: cheap. 5K*i Geary st.
F1NB young watchdog: likes children; must
be sold. Inquire 113 Oak st.
FOR sale or trade — 120-egK incubator In good
order. 644 Taylor ave.. Alameda.
SPECIAL sale to-day of fresh milk cows. Cor-
ner Mission st. and Silver ave.
FOR :=ale — Old-fashioned mahogany bookcase
and writing desk. Inquire Z2M Sacramento.
SOMETHING cood: runts, hen and other pig-
eons. Glenmore Piceon Loft, Elmhurst. Cal. |
EOGS for hatching: blue andalusiars; 15 for
$1 00. P- O. box J>4. Oakland. Cal.
FOR sale — 4 foot oak roll-top desk. 409 Eddy
street.
SECOND-HAND bricks and lath and two large
timbers. 1020 Oak St., Oakland.
FOR sale — Drums, oi! barrels ar.d tanks.
GEO. PARTRIDGE & CO.
GASOLINE engines bought, sol 1. ' exchanged, '
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., 2.M Beale st.
15O FEET Clawson patent chimney. Apply 16
Zoe st.. off Bryant, bet. Third and Fourth. }
FOR sale — Baker's homestead portable oven;
good order. 2B Hayes st.
MAIL order printing specialist; follow up let-
ters written. ODELL. 73 Fourth st.
CASH register, only used 2 months, for sale
cheap. 7<X) Howard st.. room 19.
JEWEL net antiques with diamond stars. $125; J
ccst $325. Room 1. 3CS Third st. !
FOR sale — Cheap, a One talking parrot. In- \
quire 661 Fulton et. ;
A NO. 1 bicycle for sale cheap. Apply 10iy i
Noe st. . |
ALMOST new reclining go-cart. . 331 Eddy
street. !
COCKER spaniel (male). Apply 21U Ninth |
at., city.
FOR SALE^ — Disc graphonhone and «5 7- Inch
dlsqs; price $25. Box 2236. Call office.
FOR sale^ — Piano, music box. organ. bug;cy har- I
ners and hay cutter. 422 Orange st.. Oakland. I
FOR sale — Five cabinet oval showcases: three I
3 feet; one 5 fe*t and one ti feet. 206 East st. I
FOR sale — I barrels; hard top finish. Saloon.
13S Third st.
HOUSES to be removed: Ncs. 10 to 22 West
Ml«sion »t. NICOL. 410 Kearny Et.
SAFES and rash registers, new and second-
hand. I FREEMAN. 1320 Market »t.
DESKS bought, cold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY go., 7S2 Mission: tel. Hush 487.
MILES of pipe and fitting*: nil sixes! EC-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 1C9 Vallejo st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck * Co.. 122 Mkt.
'SLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes. Twentieth
■ Centuries. Pucka. BAC1GALUPI. 833 Market.
DESKS and safes: see th» complete line at ISI4
Market, sb. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEH-
- MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. mIc. rental;
bargains. Bullard it Breck. 131 Post it. I
wncEi.MTEnr!i for sm.k — r n m
WHITEWASH pump: use! but once: will sell
cheap. Call at 33« Twelfth ave.. Richmond
district.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market it.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4S Fremont st.
ASK for price* on s*conJ-hand typewriters: ail
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montrx-
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at lflCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Or»n until 11 r>- m.
MISCKLLAXKOt'S \VA.\T9.
WANTED — To buy. a small cocklr? stove, with
ovon. to burn coal; state s:xe. make, number
of holes ar.J price ask?<i. Box 2811, Call.
WANTED — Iron Langton miter box; mu?t fa-
cheap and In good order. Address A. P. L..
Call ofnee. Berkeley.
WANTED — L'se cf horae nr horse and wagon
for feed: best of care. A. J. THOMAS. Ui2*
Mission st.
WANTED — Campir.g wagon; gird condition;
reasonable; state particulars. Box VjSO. Call
nfflce. Oak'anvJ.
WANTED— Cabinetmakers: seccnd-hanfl work.
liench. Address lTl'J Tenth st.. Oakland.
V. ANTED — FoI.Mng bed. Box 2131. Call offlce.
WANTED— A buggy horse for its k**?: gcod
rare and UrM work. 7*. t'.. IC30 Mission »t.
PHYSICIAN'S chair wanted. Box 2S1*. Call.
WANTED — limo suits to ciean and press like
n*w. R. CiXTCA, «<>9 Hayes *t-
W ANTED — Lady's bicycl*: must be in good
condition. ncx 2S«7, Call office.
SMALL saf»: give full «i?s.Ti;ti'm. maker'B
name, lowest cash rri«- .v>x £?.V5, Call.
WANTED — 5 tiozen carrier pigeons; all mated.
C. H. DYSON. 1C2I sshotwell st.
MALE bull pup; cheap. Call, between 7 ani 9
p. m.. 172 Guerrero «t.
VTANTEP— Otm old crows. T. M.
FERGUSON. 710 Market St.
WA.NTETv— S»«^nd-han4 baby cart. Addre'l
box 2;»^'<*. Call office.
WANTED — Assay rfflo* or outfit;, cash for
bargain. Box 2SCt>, Call. *
WANTED — Cheap sewing machine; seconJ-
han<i. Box 2S4:>. Call.
GOf)D dog wanted; bring dog to-day. 237S
Mission st.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds cf rast-o.T
clothing; send postal. MORRI9. 11* Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMEd.
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
T1LTON wants gocd jacend-hand clothing an*
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jess.* 2&31.
MO.NEY TO L.O~A>~.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
» t01-tiO2-6ui Examiner Building.
Quick settlements: no dlrappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
•ereets in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
gee HERMAN MURPHY.
~^ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. !n city, town
cr country.
Low rate cf interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box *CS. Call office^
ANY amount qu'.ckly en furniture cr piano,
without removal or other security: no com.:
fair*st rates: strictly confidential. National
<~redit Cc. CS Donohc* bldg.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY leaned to salaried p»ople. retail mer-
chants, teamsters. bcard!n«-houses. without
security: easy payment?: Hrtte business in
4« principal eitle*. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on d'amonds. Jewelry, at 3
per cent interest. BaMwin Jewelry Store.
g4« Market; tel Main 1644. Branch. 18 Third.
A — 1 p*r cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no puMlcity: $25 up: quick,
private, confidential. 2fl Montgomery, rra. 7.
M JAT»BSON & CO.. financial brokTS. Emrsa
5preckel s bldg.. rm. 621: loans and all ctaer
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to lean on lew Interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. ICt Grant arm..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wags earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fldetlty Loaa
Company, rooms 43-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. indorse-1 nctes and other security. S. F.
Disccunt Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos: strict
privacy; no commission -.Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 31. 6 Ed3y »U
1 PER cent en furniture or pfano. 10O3 Mutual
Savings Bank bulMteg. 703 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.tld.
CASH loaned salaried pecple on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
It* pag^a. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~ J1O.VUY WASTED.
WANTED — Party with capital to invest la
manufacturing food business: big profits;
business Increasing so rapidly that mor« capi-
tal required. A. R. Coulscn Co.. Petaluma.
WANTED — ?173O cn property in probate court,
will soon be settled: state rate of interest
wanted. Box 25€o. Call office.
WANTED— A loan cf $2230 on a fruit ranch
of 40 acres; well Improved and in full bear- ■
ir.g; name rate of interest. Box 2557. Call.
WANTED — $5f>00 on good valley land; will
pay 8 per cent interest; security good. Box
817 Call office^
WANTED— To borrow $40CO on a ranch of 120
acres: will pay 7'^ per cent. Box 2594. Call
MfSICAL I.NSTRCMEVTS.
A FINE SELECTION OK PiANO UAKUAINd.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chickering; walnut case; nearly new.
Steinway; about a year old.
Kr.abe: walnut case; finest, largest •:»«;
nearly new.
Steinway; largest size: fin* condition.
Sterling: mahogany case; largest alza.
Standard: oak case; good as new.
Haines Brothers, the genuine; mahogany
case: nearly new.
Fleck: largest size.
Stack: medium size; mahogany case; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns: good condition.
, Eteck grand piano; good as new.
Eteinway grand piano: in good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
Including such makes as Weber. Steinway.
Haines Kranich & Bach and others, fraaa
$10 up. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOS.
Chickering Agenta.
Curtas building. 16 ©"Farrell st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENING3.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
SoO up; greatest bargains ever offered tn San
Francisco: all make*. We rent upright
pianos for $- per month; new at $3 per
month: all meney paid applies on purchase.
Heine Piano Co., 235-237 Geary st. Oaltland
address 1252 Broadway.
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and, allow
A months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhail. Schiller and
ether makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayaa.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furnt-
tore) will b4 sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD-3 storage. 1636 Market st.
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new and
tecond-band organs; very caay paymoata.
403 Market St.. second Coor.
FIRST-CLASS baby grand piano for cash.
Jersey cow. with calf. Box 2S17. Call office.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most siven away. Horaung. 216 McAllister.
NEW pianos «old cn $3 monthly paym«nta,
JOS. SCHMITZ £ CO.. 18 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $133. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-peda! Steinway upright plans;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeg»'s.2S5 OFarrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzv pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZT. 308-312 Post st.
OFFICES A-\D STORES TO LET.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Aptly HO Geary st.. opp. City of Paris.
WANTED —^rr-all store north of Market. A4-
drey.« box 2367. Call oftice.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
ments Sec Pase Forty-Four.
4344
CHURCH SERVICES.
FIRST Methodist Church, 'Powell and Wash-
ington sU.— Edwin F. Brown, the pastor,
will ftreach. Morning subject. •'The Chris-
tian's Confidence." In the evening revival
services will commence and continue through-
out t^e week. Good music. A hearty wel-
come to all. _
CALIFORNIA-STREET Methodist Church, cor.
California, and Broderick ets. — Every tiunday
•vening at 7:30 the service opens with a half-
hour conceit by Charles E. Robson's hyra-
phony Orchestra, This evening's programme
follows: Overture. "The Bridal Rose _
<Laval!'«); selection. "The Voice of Chimes
<Luigir.i>: soprano solo, "Ave Maria" (Mas-
«-agr.lt Miss Louise Smith, with orchestra;
march. "NtebelunRen" < Wagner): recessional
•Alda March" <Verdi). The pastor Mr.
Clarence Reed. Trill take as his tcpic • w hat
Is It to Be a ChristlanT" Come anJ bring
your friends. I
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts.— Rev.
John Stephens, the paster, will preach at 11
m. m. and 7:30 p. m. Good music by chorus
t hoir et all public services. Sunday school
«t 12:30 p. m.; C. B. Perkins, superintend-,
*nt Epworth League at 6:30 p. m. Strangers
«re cordially welcome to all the eervlces of
the church. ~
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
ard Sacramento tt. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie, pastor. Morning service 11 o'clock;
sermon by Rev. Dr. H. I. Frothlngham of
Deta. Colo. Evening service 7:30. preacher
Rev. W. K. Guthrie; subject. "Teaching of ,
Christ On Future Life." Sabbath achool
12:30 p. n>. Christian Endeavor 5:15 p. m. I
and «:18 p. rn. Wednesday. 8 p. m.. midweek :
eervlce. lecture on "Isaiah" by Mr. Guthrie.
All «re cordially invited.
- ,
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
eon and FUlmore st*.— Rev. John Hemphlll.
D.D., pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock; evening service at 7:30 o'clock.
Rev John S Macintosh. D.D.. wlM preach
at both services. Sabbath school at 9:30 a. ;
m. : orchestral music. Christian Endeavor
meeting at «:15 p. m. Prayer meeting.
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are
cordially invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Matron *ts. — Rev. George C. Adams. D. I>-. ,
pastor. Rev. W. F. Bade of I>rkele;- will
preach at 11 a. m.; topic. "Jesus on the
llou'itain." At 7:45 p. in., monthly service;
cf ecng; theme. "An Evening With Men- j
delsschn"; selections from the oratorios Oil
• EliJ*h." "Et.Paul." "Hymn of Praise," etc..
will be rendered by the choir tSamuel D.
Mayer, organist and director); address by
she pastor, topic, "The Ufe and Works of
Mendelssohn." All are cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational Church. Fifteenth St.. !
near Mission— Rev. William Rader. pastor.
' Pastor's residence o2* Haight st. ; phone
Park 323. 11 a. m.. 'The Law of the High-
er Relations." 7:00 p. m.. "Is Suicide a
Sin?"
UNITARIAN Church <First). SW. cor. Geary !
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
minister: Rev. Bradford Leavitt and Rtv.
i'hristopher Ruess. t-upts. of Sunday school.
•Junior church and Sunday school are at 10
o'clock. Sunday service is at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Leavitt will preach; subject, "The Kingdom."
Music by quartet, under dtrecticn of H.
"Bretherkk. organist. All are cordially in-
viteJ.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp ets. (Take Alission or Va-
lencia street car.) — The Rev. Jay William I
■ Hudson, minister; residence. r>00 Capp st. j
The Sunday school meets at 9:45 o'clock, Mr. ]
W. C. Maxwell, superintendent. At thi?
morning service at 11 o'clock, the Rev. Jay j
William Hudson will preach. Subject. "The |
Relation of Modern Fiction to Religion."
Evening service at 7:4."). with lecture by Mr.
Charles A. Murdock. Subject. "Civil Service
Reform an.l the Merit System." The public
• .cordially welcome.
FIRST Baptist Church. Eddy ft.. n»ar Jones—
R*v. L J. Lawyer Brill preach at 11 a. m.
Bible school, 12:30 p. m.; Rer. Thomas Boyd
conducting "Decision day" perrices. Chris--
tli.<n Endeavor. 6:30 n. m. Sermon. 7:.'»0
p. m.. by Rev. Thomas Baldwin. Prayer
meeting, Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. All seats j
free. !
TRINITY CHURCH. Bush and Gough sts.. Rev. j
Fredtrick \V. Clamoett. I). D., rector — Hcly ,
communion, 7:.'iO a. m.; Sunday school. i)::;0 j
a. m.; morning service, 11 a. m.; sermon I
by Rev. Cj rut T. Brady, LL. D. Evening ■
service, h o'clock; sermon by rector.
FIRST Church of Christ (Scientist). Central j
■ block, -2."5 riutter Ft., bet. Kearny and Grant ;
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.; I
•ubjtf t of lesson-pennon, "Man." Sunday- I
school for children at the same hour; i
Wednesday evening meeting at & o'clock; ■
fret- rea'ling-r<om. 2<KJ Kearny tt., rooms !
509-510; all are welcome.
THE People's church meets every Sunday even- i
Ing In Elks' Hall. S3 Sutter st. Subject this I
evening, "How to I»evelop Our Spiritual j
Gifts." Pastor. Mr*. Anna L. Gillesjae, resi- !
dence 1101 OTarrrll St.
A GREAT mer-ting will be held to-day, at 3 p. j
tn.. at the Youns Men's Christian Associa-
tion auditorium. Mas<m and Ellis sts., to be !
addressed t>y Egerton R. Young, the great j
Indian mirslonary; music "by the Robs<>n i
orctwstra, and the satire** will be illustrated j
by means of tlr> sterroptlcon. A large num- >
>-er of views will b? thrown upon the screen, i
illustrating their life and customs, at- weil as ■
the work ani^ng the North American Indians. <
' All f-ats in the hall will be free to men.
EENJ. W. V\'AR!» evangelist from Boston. |
will preach in Howard-street Hall. K24 How- j
ar<1 st.. bet wen Fourth and Fifth Ets.. at
7:4ri p. m. and every ntcht during the week. ;'
On Thurxiay. Friday and Saturday, in the j
miw hall, will b* held a conference inaugur- I
.itin*; the opening to the public of "The '
J«rry Mc-Auley Mission of San Francisco." i
Conference meetings each day at 2:-'!'» and !
7:."f» p. m. The public are invited to all ]
meetings.
THE Theosophiral Society. Golden Gate Lodge i
— Free public lectures every Sunday, fc r». m., !
Odd Fellows' buildinjr. Seventh end Market j
*t«. Subject to-night. "The Cnseen T'nl- !
verse. •' ilius-trated by Mr. A. W. Best, j
Library and reading-room op?n daily. 2 to 4 j
p. m. j
THK Tber*ojihical Society. Colonel H. S. OI- j
cott. president- founder — Headquarters. Acad- |
rmy pf Sciences building. Public lerture at i
fi P. m. by Mr. Thomas Prime. Subject. |
"The Birth of the Soul." Lotus Group 11 j
a m Study <ia«i=, Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
MEETINGS — SlADfV.
ATTENTION— Prof. Fred P. Evans, the world i
famed psychic, known as the Independent j
writer and clairvoyant; indorsed by the lead-
ing spiritual and psychic siK-leties, as well as I
Journals cf the world; consulted on all Im- |
portant matters, spiritual or material; send j
stamp for circular en mediumehlp. Office
1112 Eddy st.. near Octavia.
LENA MORROW LEWIS will lecture to-night '
at *. Odd Fellows' bulldirg; subject. "Vol- j
taire." The life, character and work of th<* \
great Frenchman will he thoroughly analyzed \
snd pra»ente<1. Admission 10c.
ALL fkeutios invited to witness Mme. Young"* j
spirit nvf?ages to-night, 10c; Mrs. Sc-al lec-
tur«s*. CHi McAllister st.; readings dally.
fcOJK. Egyptian Hindu, occult, reads daily;
c!r. Wtd.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. 10c. 540 Ellis..
MRP . HARLANP'fi circles evenings except !
Monday. 10c. 148 Sixth st ; readings dally.
W G. KEEGAN hcl<ls te/=t seances every night
except Sat.. 10c; sit.. 10 to 5. 14S Sixth st. j
MRS. EHERHARDT'S tests to-night. 10v; spe-
clal tests Wednesday. 2 p. vn. 3250 22d st. |
Friendship Hall. STZ McAllister — Tests to all,
10c: readings daily. Mrs. Meyer and others.
EARLES srt^ice to-nisht. 1C52 Ellis st.
TESTS. 909 Market st.: 2 to 8. Wilson, Mrs.
Waltman; S, Dr. Cowan, Smith: 10c.
SU.VDAV LBCTCKKS.
lJR. J. DKPKW KERGANS free lecture thiis
evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 909
- Mark't tt, subject "The Physical and Men-
tal Evomtion of Man." followed by views
of China and the s?at of war; free tickets
will be distributed for X-ray exhibition at
Sanitarium Tuesday evening; remember the
<)U'stion box: *,i<--r .a] music.
"NOW" lecture. H'nry Hirrison Brown- sub-
ject. "The Real Self." a practical ta'lk on
•Wf discovery; Columbus discovered America
«nd gave the Old World untold wealth; come,
discover your real self, with Its untold soul
wealth; 8 p. m.; free, with collection. Me-
morial Hall, Odd Fellows' building.
O. N. ORIjOW lectures this (Sunday) evening
in Golden Gate Hall tupptr). 629 Sutter st '
At S o'clock, the topic to be presented '
"A Great Mystery."
Good music and singing. Admission free.
Sirs. Elizabeth dei:ress. from the Lc«
Angeles School of Metaphysics, will hold an
open-question meeting every Sunday even-
ing in the East Parlor. Golden Gate Hall, at
S o'clock Fherp. All interested are Invited. »
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night. Odd
Fallow*' building. Seventh and Market. Mrs
Jennie llagen Brown from Texas, well-
known inspirational speaker.
6WAMI TRIGUNATITA will de!l\er hl« ninth
• lecture on "Mental Healing" to-night, at 8
o'clock: admls. 25c; 40 Steteer. Vedante So'y.
AP V XIKTrSJElfl-iiJI T J\N JtXTUfQ-.
HAVING recentry acquired through exchange
■ . ct property three $40 scholarships In the best
< :o:>r* of Advertising In the United SUtes,
I v ill ? c II them at S3 per cent discount for
rash; the colleee teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists Us gTad-
uates to eecure positions; catalogues fur-
cited on arr Mtation. Address box 30S6, Call. :
|_ MEETING XOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Commanderv No. 1. K.
T. — Sir Kn!»hts arc notified to as.s?m- T3B^
Me lii the asylum THIS (SUNDAY) KJ
AFTERNOON «t 1 o'clock to attend Wm
the funeral services of our deceased
fraUr. SIR CHARLES J. W1LLEY.
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A.M., will »
meet on SUNDAY. February 28, at » > x\T
a. m., to attend the funeral of our /V\
late brother. LOCIS ELKUS. of
Washington Lodge No. 20. Sacramento Mas-
ter Masons are invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. (B
i M. — Officers and members are re->£y
! quested to attend the funeral of/VN
i WALTER SCOTT BROWN, P. M..
from the Masonic Temple. SUNDAY, at 2
o'clock p. tn. Master Masons, relatives and
friends are cordially invited.
! A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
i CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O.
O. F. — Officers ar.il members will JjiHK
n-,cet at the und»rt.-iklne parlors -^SssaK*?*}!
of Bunker A Lunt. 2GCU Mission 1^
l street, oij MONDAY. February 2rt. at 1 p. m.
D. M. DIHELL, N. G.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O.
O. F.— Final action will be -f%Sft&S£&.
taken February 2*.» c;n the sub-
Ject of donating to the Sover- "^^wP^
eign Grand Lodge reception fund.
X. F. MACPHEE, N. G.
H. A. BAILY, R. S.
UNDER the auspices oZ Clan * «S8l
Kraser. Order uf Scottish Clans, V2§[P
Lyric Hall. 121 E.idv Et.. WED-
NESDAY EVENING. March 2,
at &:15 o'clock, grand illustrated Jr*&T
lecture presented by DR. IAN
GRANT, world famous Scotch traveler and
author of "Travel Talks O'er the World":
subject, "Where the Purple Heather Blooms"
; (Scotland): 15o magnificently colored slides;
; beautiful and artistic effects; in his native
Highlands DR. GRANT has Inhaled the at-
mosphere that pervades the poetry of Robert
Burns and Sir Walter Scott; he has lingered
long* In the shadow of the cloister wall and
ruined abbey, and his views from the famous
loch country have never been equaled; ad-
mission, adults 50o: children under 12 years
25c. ALEX KING. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — Paauhau Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at lbs
efflce of the company, 327 Market street,
room 4. tecond floor. In the city and couaty
of San Francisco. State cf California on
SATURDAY, the 5th day of March. A. D
1904, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m for
the purpose of electing a Board of Director*
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting. Trans-er
books will close on TUESDAY, February 2J
1904. at the hour of 3 o'clock p m
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Company. 327 Market st. San
Francisco. Cal.
ANNUAL Meeting— Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholder* of the HAKALAU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be held at the office
cf the company, 327 Market st. (room 4
second floor), in the city and county of Saii
Frauclsco. State of California on WED-
NESDAY, the 2d day of March. 1904 at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
poee of electing a Board of Directors to
•erve fcr th* ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting Trans-
fer books will close on SATURDAY Febru-
ary 20. 1904. at the hour of 3 o'clock p m
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Hakalau Planl
tatlon Company. S27 Market «rt.. San Fran-
cisco. California. Saa Francisco. Cal.. Feb.
NOTICE of annual stockholders' meeting The
regular annual meeting of stockholders
ef Associated Oil Company (a corporation*
will be held at the office of the company
eleventh floor. Hayward building, San Fran
Cisco California, on MONDAY '"Hh day
of February. 1904, at the hour of 10 a m
fcr the purpose of electing a Board of Dlrect-
ori to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as mav
co.-ie before the meeting. This noitce is
printed In th« San Francisco Call by order
• nd direction of Board of Directors of a«
*oclated Oil Company.
O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
Office— Eleventh floor. Hayward building.
San Francisco. Cal. Dated Feb. lfi. 1904.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ctlved application to mine by hydraulic prc-
cess from the New Highland Gold and Cop-
per Mining Company. In Mamaluke gravel
iriine. n<>ar Gro.getown. El Dorado Countv
Cat. draining Into Canyon Creek, which
Kaches American River, gives notice that
? .?/. et!n|r wl!l b * h * ld •« ror "" »«. Flood
tuIMIng. San Francisco. C*L. March 7. l&W
s t j : 31} ji. tn.
A »J VEKK R n ' W(i for 5 cent*— The Weekly Cal'
Ifiragey. In wrapper.for mailing. $i per year!
ADOI'TIO*. ~
W ;Vp TED^ Fo £w?. OI ,' t!on - ■ h «lthy girl baby.
MRS Dll EMIL1E FUNKE. 1416 Eighth
AGENTS WASTE D.
AGENTS— Automatic washers sell thems-lves-
one agent write..;: -Exhibited sample to 10
women; tc."k In orders"; time required 45
mlns.; profit over S5<>: guaranteed to do a
washlnr in 3rt mins.; furnishes own power-
require* no labor or attention; costs leS*
than any other marhtn»: fre* sample- ex-
elusive territory; ,«5<> week guarante-d: thou-
sands of testimonials. Automatic Wa«her
Co-, station I", i'lilcajo.
WANTED— County solicitors for subscriptions
.r-r secured stock of successful corporation ;
stock snould earn .*.n per cent and pay 25 per
tent; many best known and substantial busi-
ness men are officers and shareholders- sal-
ary and expense, pai.l; bank references. 40$
Iron block. Milwaukee. Wis.
AGKNTS wanted now for Cram's great war
map and lH-jjag- war atlas; samples of both
for $1 : gK C in the field quickly: sec circulars
Ceo. F. Cram, r>52 Wabat-h ave., Chicago.
WE pay $32 * week and expenses to men with
rigs lo introduce poultry year's
contract. IMPERIAL MFG. CO.. Dept. 54
_P«rsons. Kansas.
DR r jr \<; v « rvtIlln *: write to-day for unique, irre-
fc;?tible plan for selling natural diamonds-
OMn?iil«n«Zii Permanent proposition.
CHAPMAN- fOW ER CO.. Oneida, N. Y.
1 5fS5*f a * fncy f °r » Proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
£l. MARTIX ' ™ ™-e»" -•
MEN and women for city and country agents-
weekly talary. expenses or commission: steady
• *mpl ynient. 122S McAllister St.. 9-1 i a. m.
A SH ES U f T '£""■? CUjf ° f UnlDn fOr th «
Po.7 5 t H " lr J onl< i Co - : llberal te «ns. 414
Post ht.. San Francisco, Cal.
BY a reliable bond and Investment company a
good representative for caoh town in Cali-
fornia. Box 2835. Call.
AGENT wanted— A well-paying chance for any
5^?9 krkeTsi. ° l ° " «•«***/«££
PORTRAIT solicitors; best scheme to g*t
?£"£ : ,' ll2 , we « lkIy ea!af y and commission*
•)■":;< \8lencla st.
Headquarters for best selling goods for agents
Pacific Agents' Supply Co. 1220 Treat av.S.F.
WANTED — Hustling lady agents T A*
KNAPP & CO.. 135 Eddy st.
ASTROLOGV^ '
DR. BENJAMIN, astrology, phrenology, movd
to 3C5 Larkln St.. rooms S9 & 90; elevator.
.«TTORXEV}-AT.LAW".
W. H. BITTNEr" ' "
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW
Advice Free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels Building
Divorces' quietly and legally obtained" for
elsht cauftes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or e«rtate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
menu for debts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings: wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money; no pay In advance,
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room Ml; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 85, 016 Market tt.: tel. John 6226.
L. S. rf.ARK. 027 Market $.t.: -consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: open evenings. 027 Market St.. rm. 301.
AUTOMOBILES.
KNOX, latest tyce. good as new; bargain.
JOE HOLLE. Twentieth and . Folsom sts.
DICYCLKS— For Bale or Exchange.
INDIAN motor bicycle. California motor tan-
dem; bargain. JOE HOLLE. 20th & Folsom.
FOR eale— Ladies' first-claes bicycle. Call
220S Sacramento, or pbone Baker 3900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1904.
_ BOARDIx'c Fon CTll } jV 'J Bi^?-t^
CHILDREN boarded— A young lady, fond of
children, would like one or two to board. 1884
Howard st.
A GERMAN lady would like to board child .'5
years old. 318 Prospect ave., nr. Cortland.
A LITTLE girl to board. 2214 Larki^ St.
LADY want" to take care of one child'; good
I home. Address 14 Lily ave.
1 TEHAMA. 217 — Lady wishes child to board;
good home; sunny yard.
WOMAN wants .child to board; good home;
mother's care. 349'i Minna st.
WANTED — 1 or 2 children to take care of.
71ii Howard et.. city.
BUSINESS CIIAXCES.
A— $1000; PHONOGRAPH parlor and shootlnf
callery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
penses about $5 per day: will sell or trade
for lodging- house. See R. G. WILKE, 26 &
■ Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In choic-
est location; rent 5S0; daily receipts about
$70; a good business, but sickness of owner
compels him to retire. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 26«4 Kearny st *
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid loca-
tion and rare business chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property:
equipped with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no opposition ; In thriving country town about
75 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars tee K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
! A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
i house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wagon,
■ etc.; price $3C00: not all cash required: a
| good business. Call R. G. 1 WILKE. 26$,
Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON; estab. many years: 3 years 1
lease; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
! California sts.; elegant fixtures; a good busi-
ness and a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
! WILKi?, 2CH Kearny st.
' A— $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
• owners for years; fullest investigation so-
licited. Ste R. G. WILKE. 26*^ Kearny st. I
A— $3000: GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; clcse to theaters;
rent $70- and a first-class paying business;
other Investments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 2CVi Kearny st.
A— $1200; BAKERY, estab. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4*4 barrels
per day: daily sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26 V, Kearny st. j
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large etock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st. _^ |
A — $500; BRANCH bakery and candy store, [
I with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G. ,
WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth Et., Market and Stockton;
place speaks for Itself; all particulars. K. '
G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st. I
A— $1300; GROCERY and bar. with 16 fur- :
niehed rooms; 0 years' lease; rent $65; a i
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per incnth. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny et.
A— S150; FURNITURE store on Valencia St..
with large basement. 2 living rooms; rent*
%T1 50; investigate this cheap offer and a
great bargain. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
St.; rent $40; lease: :> horses. 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chants. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
. -- ■ I
!
An exceptional opportunity to double your |
investment; for subdivision, some 00 acres; ]
bounded on three sides by electric lines; front-
Ing over 300O feet on a boulevard: near pro-
posed transcontinental railroad right of way,
and through electric train service connecting
large cities and towns; convenient to San Fran-
cisco; lies perfectly: rich soil: unexcelled cli-
mate; the last undivided plat of Its kind; cuts
into over 7m) lot*; no expensive street work
required; near schools and churches; in the
niMst of pretty homes; price $45,500; good for I
a Mt».<"00 bank loan; owners will not renew
cur short option; requires Immediate investi-
gation; parties ready to take Interests or will
sell to one buyer; our plan Is to dispose of
land within six months.'
WISEMAN. HOLCOMB * YOUNG, .
314 SAN PABLO AVE.. OAKLAND, CAL. A
MAIN r,53.
A DELICACY and branch bakery; one of the
best propositions In the city; established four
years; 4 furnished living rooms; only $300.
SKIRM. 8 Eddy st., room 72.
BARBERS, attention! Fine downtown shop, 1
chairs: Al business; only ?30O; 10 others.
SKIRM. « Eddy st.. room 72.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent, $25UO. part cash; corner
raloon. on water front, $1100; paying brewery
business. $2300. or will sell part; paying j
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging j
houses for sale anil exchange. EITEL &i
CARROLL. 213 Kearny st.
READ THIS OFFER.
For a paylnc manufacturing business, Oak-
land, owner will secure with mortgage $2000 I
payln~ lo ptr cent interest and privilege of I
partnership within C month*. THE ALDEN I
CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
?I5C>0 — GOOD paying roadhouse business; $40
to S200 per day; 8 good furnished rooms,
piano, etc.. and bar with summer houses.
ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
STOCK or bond lsnue of reputable corporation,
mining or industrial, wanted; have every fa-
cility for selling same on commission; give
particulars. P. O. box 1463. N. Y. CJty.
WANTED — By good tenant, party with lot
who would be willing to erect butldlng
3.*>xX0 2 floors, for steam laundry already es- ,
tablished. Box 2S74. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS WRITTEN. circulars?
public notices, pamphlets prepared; consult
R. J. SCHIRMAN. expert ad. writer, room
720. Emma Spreckels building.
FOR SALE — On account of sickness, grocery
and liquor license; also paper agency; low
rent with lease; a good business stand; must
sell. Box 832, Call office.
WANTED — Party with small capital to Invest '
In legitimate business at World's Fair; pro-
fits assured; iiosltlon and salary guaranteed.
Addrers box 2913, Call.
A — $450 — CIGAR Mand for sale on account of
. sickness; rent $20: net Income $75 a month;
lease 2 years. 415 Eighth st.
WANTED — Partner with some capital to open
candy store with Allegrettl chocolate creams.
F. Allegrettl, 254 South Center ave., Chicago.
DELICATESSEN store near Park. In a good
business location; living rooms: rent $27 50;
will sell for ?S50. Box 2552. Call office.
FOR SALE — Whole or half Interest In manu-
facturers' agency business: established 15
years. Address box 2889, Call office.
BUSINESS wanted for cash and mining, claim
on one of the best creeks In famous Klondike;
adjoining claims very rich. Box 2987. Call.
GROCERY and liquors in Western Addition for
sale, reasonable; stock in flrst-class shape.
Box 2609. Call office.
PATENTS, capital Interested; attorneys In of-
fice: consultation free. Standard Trust Co.,
Crossley building.
■
PARTNER, hustler, with $100 or more cash;
a sure thln< for the right man. Box 2838,
Call office.
PARTNER with $5000 to purchase one-third In-
terest In ranch and orange nursery, etc., and
manage same on salary; exceptional oppor-
tunity for good man. Box 2364. Call office.
THE Twentieth Century Co.. 927 Market St..
room 218. has the best money maker for
salesmen on the market; It is a ready seller
and big profits. -
$300 — PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman. :n
thoroughly established, good paying refresh-
ment parlor and grove: 43 minutes from Saa
Francisco. H., box 2147, Call Office.
WANTED— A partner in a good river-boat en-
terprise. Box 2055. Call office.
FOR sale— At Invoice, general merchandise
store: good location: a great bargain. See
PCNNELL.SUYDAM, 16 Spear St.. 8. F.
WANTED — A saloon, water-front or whole-
sale /district; state price; no agents. Box
2868, Call office. "
$200^— GOOD paying restaurant; near station on
Key Route. Oakland; must sell on account of
other business. 1201. Call bldg.
ESTABLISHED ladles* tailoring business for
eale; must be sold at once; good reasons for
selling. Address box 104S, Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house: In choicest
I location; including furnished rooms; cheap.
' Address box 213S. Call office. ■
$450 — ELECTRIC-LIGHTED candy and pastry
store; :< furnished rooms; central; bargain.
Box 23S0. Call. ■
SALOON license and fixtures for 'sale. 4004
Twenty- fourth st, near Castro.
WANTED — Incorporators for cyanide ore -test-
ing and brokerage company. Box 2384, Call.
BrglKCSS. CHAHCES— Contlaae*.
A. CAMERON & CO. .. . . . ..Phone South 10D0
3 Eddy st, cor. Markei. and Poweil.
Headquarters for all kinds of business -hances.
Oyster and chop houses.. .$350 tj $1000
Candy and ice cream parlors ... *200 to *2.'>00
Barber shops $300 to yX>-M
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars ?500 to $3000
Saloons .$300 to $10,000
Restaurants * $35O to $20,U00
Fruit and vegetable stores ?300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores t. $230 to ?tJOO
Wood and coal yards $250 to Sjil'.'OO
FOR sale or trader — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'roy house or business. Cameron, 3 EdJy.
FOR sale — Well located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candles; ettabllshed s-
years- clears over $200 per month; will in-
volce about $1200. CA MERON, 3 KJdy st.
FOR sale — One of the best restaura-ns in city:
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supply sore; well
located; clearing $300 per month: flrst-clas o
proposition; will stand strict Investigation;
price $8000. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
30 minutes' ride from depot of best Interior
city In State; less than 3 hours' ■ ride from
San Francisco: 20 acres land; 36-room furn.
hotel, with barns, sheds, etc.; 3 years' lease;
can get longer; rental $500 per year; horses,
buggies, 2 cows; bar well equtDped; billiard
table, piano; raises own fruit, vegetables,
hay, chickens, etc.; blgr money to be made,
price $2250; account death. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy st.
A— $100 REWARD
will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who invested
any money in our comranv.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock. $50,000.
827 Market st.; rooms 321. 322. 323. 324.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: lirge dm-
ing-room with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; - the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years* lease; ?10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market frt.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secure interist arid
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 montnly as-
sijred: highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A^ 2 PKR CENT MONTHLY ' N
On Investments j>t $100 and upward; no "get-
rlch-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., :>->7 .Murk-it st.
THK BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton l>av
Co. $25: will be worth $200 by August, l!>01.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 'J27 Markst yt.
A— SOME AGENTS ARE
9-10th«> "wind"
and
1-lCth business.
For
B-U-S-I-N-E-S-S
call
• on
C. L. HEDGES.
r.nS-50S» Parrott buildin?.
S25 Market st (over Emporium)
Sold
Over *00 places'nf business for
C-A-S-H
From January 1. in0.'I. to February 20, 1001.
A ..TRY KREDO * CO A
765 MARKET ST. SUCCESSFUL AGENTS
A— $300; CORNER cigar stand, transfer point.
$173; wood, coal and expressing business.
$400; B. bakery, books, not'ons, etc.
$1000; restaurant and delicatessen; worth
?1500. _.
$700; saloon; hlckness cause sacrifice.
$.'iOOO; rbadhouse; Butte Co.; realty Included.
$«;00; bakery: counter trade $20 daily.
THE RELIABLE AGENTS. .KREDO & CO.
$2500 — PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
and contracting business; established 20 !
years; clears $400 monthly. i
Marln Investment Co., 235 Kearny st.
— — — —^__— _^_____—
$350— SALOON, well fitted up; owner retiring.
Marln Investment Co., 2.15 Ktarny st.
$600 — LADY or aent partner wanted; genteel
and profitable manufacturing business; part
cash If desired.
Marln Investment Co., 235 Kearny st. i
WE are establishing a department store in
► }a>s Angeles, located In the center of the
Intelligent middle classes, mechanics and la-
boring people, and willing to negotiate with
merchants desiring to take space; rare op-
portunity for dry goods, notions, clothing,
shoes, china and crockery, cloaks and suits,
stationery,'- carpets and drapery. CALIFOR-
NIA GENERAL MERCANTILE COMPANY.
222 Franklin St.. Lo« Angeles. Cal.
CARRIAGE and wagon^ factory for sale In busy
California city; doing a yearly business of
over $125,000; presently overcrowded with
work; rftre opportunity for live man; good
reasons for disposal. For particulars apply
WATT & COWPER-THWAITE, bankers, |
Stockton, Cal.
CANDY factory and Icecream parlors In town |
near San Kranclsco; equipped with all ap-
pliances necessary; best location In town
and good trade; will- sell cheap, as I have
to leave on account of sickness. Address for
particulars, box 256-'t. Call office.
WANTED — A partner with $500 In a manufac-
turing business; articles of everyday use;
same trade xupplled each day; the profits
are 100 per cent, but It requires two per-
sons to run the business. Address box 2580,
Call office.
CORPORATIONS controlling business cstab.
1S65 deslr? experienced business man, capa-
ble of earning $2300 yearly, to manage
branch; Investment of $1500 and unquestion-
able reftre-nees required. Address Suut., box
630, Madison, Wis.
ADVERTISING World, Columbus, Ohio, a
monthly Journa'. of Information, plans, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising; send to-
day for free sample or 10c for four months'
trial.
*P"OR sale — Boarding-house; 15 rooms; 20 beds;
rent $40. 323 First st.
NEWS stand, stationery and notion store; fine
location; doing good business. Box 23!>U, Call.
WANTEI» — To buy a small grocery and bar.
J. F. M.. box 2153, Call office.
LADY partner wanted In a store; $100 cash.
Box 2949. Call office. -^
MINE; paid $847,000 dividends; few shares for
sale. Particulars box 2050, Call office.
CIGAR stand at Invoice; good laundry trade.
Box 2900. Call office.
WANTED— A saloon In good location; state
price asked. Box 2905, Call office.
FOR SALE — Grocery and bar In Mission; good
bar trade; good corner. Box 25S3, Call.
FOR SALE — Candy and stationery store, do-
Ing good business; opposite school. 4106 25th.
A FIRST-CLASS opening for any one with
$250; with or without services. Box 20S4, Call.
$2000 SALARY — Small investment. 222 Stan-
King building. 5 p. m. sharp.
VERY good paying restaurant. « furn. rooms;
good locality; retiring. Box 2374, Call office.
WANTED — Partner with $1500; good security;
grand chance. Box 2373, Call.
TAILOR shop In very fine location for sale, on
account of sickness. Box 2391, Call office.
EDUCATED lady with some means as secre-
tary for publishing firm. Box 27G2, Call.
NEWSPAPER route in San Francisco paying
$125 a month. Room 10, 235 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works. Box- 2801, Call.
A COFFEE saloon; easy payments: trial given;
no agents: finely furnished. Box 2243, Call.
WANTED — Buyer for srood-paylng transfer
biz. F. WILLIAMS, M8 Van Ness ave.
THE Twentieth Century Co. \ has the best
money maker on market. R. 218. 927 Market.
SALOON license for sale; price $300. Box
2127. Call office.
WANTED — A rood salesman.- Room 218. Em-
ma Spreckels bldg^ 027 Market st.
GROCERY^and bar for sale. Call 321 Bryant/
SHOPROOM, 22x40. ground floor; cheap rent!
Broderlclc st.. between Geary and O'Farrell.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market tt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
• city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, rooms 8-10; . tel.- Main 65S0.
'COTTAGES TO LET.'
NEW 3-room. cottage in Sausallto; on beach;
good bathlns; will lease for 1 year. CM.,
box 54, Sausallto, . ■ - « - . ■
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms; modern improve-
menta; large, basement. 2769 Howard st.
4 ROOMS: 8 Wolfe st; - rent $12; key at 4
Wolf* «t.; Folsom-st. cars. • ; --;ii
" LOPGI - lsG - HOtJSES Fon SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South IOCoT
3 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
j all kinds of business chances.
I 86 rooms; corner; rent only $500; best down-
town house In city; electric elevator; well fur-
\ nlsbed: guaranteed to clear $400 to $500 per
! month; books open for Inspection; everything
I in first-class shape; on account other business.
1 7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
l_. 72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
•well family hotel: beautiful furnishings; clear.
j Ing $G00 per month; every room full: will
i stand the strictest investigation; location un-
| surpassed*. \
• 19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; Kt-
tle apartment house.; .reduced to $1100.
•i0 rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
i sient house; clears $200 to $230 per month;
will only take $700 to get in; must leave city;
price $20C0.
106 rooms; cheap rent; flrst-class. un-to-date
commercial hcuse; clearing $350 to $400 per
incnth; going East.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axmlncter carpets; beautiful flat.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; entrance; cheap rent: clear-
Ing J400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
IS rooms; rent $S5; well furni3hed; all new;
$600 down, balance Its per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room: new and
; up-to-date house: all men; electric elevator,
lights; long lease: clears $400 to $500 per
; month; one of the best buys In the city.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful litfte gem of a home; price $750.
12G rooms; fine downtown corner house; prl-
j vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes in $-10 to $10 per day transient, besides
! regular roomers; will bear investlsation.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $JCO cash, balance on install-
ments; price $S00.
9-room, new, modern fiat: 4 months^ elegant,
ly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain; sick-
ness.
00 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
i and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls: everything modern: first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East. i
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
?o0; barn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $4C0 to $C00 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $05; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years", lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
11 rooms; rent $40; close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
4K rooms: rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; fir.e bar. well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
2.". rooms; rent $140: hot and cold water; part
housekeeping; nil full; clears $.100 per month;
well furnished; leaving city; gift; $1200.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment house- 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $230 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
71 rooms; elegant, new. modern building; In
one of the best cities In Southern California:
electric lights; hot and cold water; everything
up to date; 9-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing o.50 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
2! mnms; well furnished; flrst-class tran-
senr hiuse; 2 blocks off Market: 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; sood buy for some one.
o5 rooms; rent cnly $150; close In; thorough-
ly renovated, put In flrst-class condition- can
be run transient If desired; clears now $185
per month; part cash, balance time- good
inoney-makc-r.
1* rooms: ch^ap rent; furnished in oak- Ax-
nilnsier and Brussels carpets: new; half cash
balance long time; make offer; departure.
31 rooms: rent $110; all light rooms: clear-
ing over ?100 per mo.; regular snap; only $N(J0
to get in; must leave city at once; price $13OV.
21 rooms, well furnished; fine little down-
town transient house; clearing $100 per month;
cbllced to leave city; J170O.
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpits: good lease; clearing $125 '
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms: rent only $75; Elli>; oak furni- [
ture; s:«id carpets; clears $(50; leaves 3 rooms
rer landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable. »
C. E. HINKLEY, PHONE MINT 790.
1020 Market St.. opp Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered
Clear titles. Reliable dealings *Easy terms.
-0 rooms: mechanics' house; rent $4O..$575
w> rooms; trade for ranch; clears $350.
14 rooms: rent $:!0; amazing low price $.150
."4 rooms: rent $<:o : just think .$1650
2.. rooms; rent $35; one floor $110O
« rooms; rent $20; a pick-up $iso
20 rooms; clears $S0; rent $10 .$850
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $«O. ..$1000
■ 1«i rooms; rent $50; clears $K.'J; terms... $950
51 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 $lt>no
12 rooms; California st. ; rent $50; snap.$75(>
10 rooms; Geary st. ; clears $40; rent $28 $500
15 rooms; fi unfurnished; rent $45. . . . . .$425
35 rooms; transient; lease $1500
S rooms; Post st. ; rent $32; only..!!! $250
12 rooms;. Polk st.; partially furnlshed..$450
SPECIAL BARGAIN-
NEW ROOMING-HOUSE— 5S rooms- rent $75-
clears $100; price only $550; calf early for
this snap. HINKLEY.
MODERN transient house; 60 rooms- down-
town; elegantly furnished; liquor license-
long lease; money maker. See HINKLEY.'
SWELL APARTMENT HOUSE— 22 rooms-
( grand entrance: elegantly furnished by
Hloane; will sell whole or one-half Interest
See my agent. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st '
opp. Fifth.
, MITCHELL & CO Phone Jessie 2981
i 120(5 Market St., opposite Sixth.
| 16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house- rent
$40; sell or exchange; price $C50.
t!5 rooms; downtown rc>oming-house- steady
and transient: clearing $350 monthly; hand-
somely furnished.
2G roomsi'choicc corner rooming-house; un-
excelled for transient, aa well as • steady
roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping
suites; landlady must sell: make offer.
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
WINSTON^ & WOLF. ~~ ~~ 7
102(i MARKET ST.
18 rooms; near Hudy; offer wanted $U0O
20 rooms; well furnished; rent $50. ..$1100
Ifi rooms: rent $50; reduced to ;-.. $900
30 rooms; rent $95; .1-year lease; Polk.. $1800
34 rooms; Sutter; offer wanted; see this.
48 rooms; rent $200; lease; corner; apts.$4O0O
100 rooms; rent $4.50 per room; modern $6250
TELEPHONE JESSIE 2211.
I — — —
MY 40-room lodging-house Is for sale; rent
is $70 per month, water free; I keep 4 rooms
for transient: I clear $1SO per month and
sometimes more; on account of health I am
obliged to sell; see It for yourself and make
me an offer. Address box 1053. Call office,
Oakland.
ONE-HUNDRED-ROOM modern house; cen-
tral, low rent, magnificent bargain: north
Market St.; no agents. Box 2752. Call office.
TO rent — Good Sixth-street rooming-house: all
In excellent condition. Call at EASTON
ELDRIDGE & CO'S.
; TO let — Fine rooming-house, ICO rooms, unfur-
nished; splendid location; cheap rent to de-
sirable ttnant. Box 2243, Call office.
; 18 ROOMS rent $70: long lease; furnished new;
clears $60. Call at 856 Ellis st. /\
54-ROOM corner house: Sixth, near Market;
house always full; must sell. Box 21 Hi. Call.
FOR sale: rooming-house: 9 rooms: neatly
furnished: clean; reasonable. Box 27S6, Call.
A— $1000: houtse of .'10 rooms. 157 beds;, rent $100,
lease of 4 years; goofl furniture: rooms always
occupied. See R. G. WILKIE. 26<4 Kearny si.
SNAP — Lodging-house. 100 rooms; furniture
new; this week only, at 24 Turk st. *
25-ROOM lodging-house; good payer; close In;
$1650. S86 Tenth tt.. Oakland.
$16(10: 23 ROOMS; fine furniture and carpets;
north of Market: good income. Box 1754, Call.
30 ROOMS: . sunny corner; rent $100; lease
make offer. . . Box 2875, Call office.
CLEAN respectable twelve-room and bath;
price reduced. 207 Turk st.
FURNISHED roominc-house f&r sale. 205
Turk st. -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States ■ or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
" MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black .1«07. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sal-?.
■\S e do business strictly according to law.
SPECIAL NO. 1.
CORNER flat. 8 rooms; rent $.«>: 5 roon-.-i
rented tor $32; splendid bathroom; new porce-
lain bathtub; price only $43o; $15o down.
j Ask for Scott Griffin with Marlon Orlffln.
I — — ;
SPECIAL NO. 2.
J ELEGANT, new, modern downtown house
j of 5o rooms: hot am} cold water; electric- ele-
j vator; steam heat; In splendid neighborhood,
contiguous to theaters, the best restaurant*
I and the leading retail establishments of San
Francisco; the furnishings are of the best,
consisting of oak. e'nameled Iron and brass
beds, Brussels and Axmlnster carpMs and ele-
gant hangings: lease for 8 years; clears $400 a
month: suitable terms.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL NO. 3.
BEST furnished 30-room house in this city.
BEST laid out 30-room house In this city.
NEW building; central; 3-year lease.
HOUSE now clears about $200 month.
Ask for F. L. Smith with MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL NO. 5.
HIGH-CLASS house of 17 rooms, near Sut-
ter st; well furnished throughout; clears $75:
references given and required; to a person who
appreciates a QUIET HOME, a choice location
and a sound business proposition, this house
will strongly appeal.
Ask for H. W. Peck with MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIALS NOS. 6 AND 7.
21 rooms for sale because of family troubles:
worth $1800: will sell for $1300; low rent; I
clears ?7R month, which can be gTeatly In- I
j creased; roomers all mechanic?, good, honest ]
• reonie; mortgage ($0C0) may be paid oft or re-
I main.
I No. 7.
P 1R rooms, T> blocks north of Market: strictly
respectable; rent $70: clears $«VS; running wa-
ter in each room; well furnished; price $1450;
mortgage (810CO) may be paid off or remain.
Ask for E. J. Lloyd with MARION GRIFFIN.
i SPECIALS NOS. 8 AND 9.
HERE'S TOUR CHANCE if you act quickly.
NEW. MODERN house of 45 rooms.
XETV FURNITURE: in good location.
LKASE for r> years at a low rental. j
ROOMING-HOUSE full of nice people. j
ALL you need to pay down Is $1200. [
No. 9. I
NOW is your opportunity (if taken advan- j
tasre of at once) to purchase one of the finest
10O-room anarUTient -houses In San Franclseo:
the price is nominal for such a house: excep-
tionall" well located: beautifully furnished
throu-hout; long lease at $5 r*r room: the
very best .bargain, which we will prove to you
If you will Investigate.
Ask for S. M. Snyder with MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL NO. 10.
20 ROOMS. $65O: rent *4O: electric lights In
all rwms: lease If desired; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Hearst bldg.
SPECIAL NO. 11. !
12 ROOMP. XE. fORNBK north of ifarket |
rent S4O; fine location: !> rooms nicely fur- !
; nlshed sni 3 roo-^s rented unfurnished; price |
I cut to S.W>. i'. cash.
I MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg. |
■ ■ I
SPF.CIAL NO. 12. :
53 LARGE, well furnished rooms In a corner j
house: th"rou«rhlv cl«»an: painted new Insido
*<n«1 o!?t<Hde: 27 big b«v windows: rent only
C225 with j» 'ransferable lease that runs .">
; years frnrr; 12th dpv nf n*xt August: guaran-
teed tn h» <*leortnf «1T6 rx>T month: price $4O0O.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.
SPECIAL NO. 14. j
GENUINE «><erirlc<» sal* of a well-known *<*- ;
room hnu«» full of roomers and clearing $175
rer m<^nth: must be sold on Monday for the
best offer we ran ret. This ad will nositlvely
on'v ppr>«ar PnrJtmw, 2Sth. nnd Monday. 2f>th.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.
SPFr-TAL NO. 15.
*275 PF.R MONTH Income over rent: larr.'
hous»: central- pri<*« $3.W>: I'-'ensh ard Mttle
r^onth'v in.«*»llrr>pntv furnishing* in roM o~- |
der: it's A No. 1 for you If you have $1750 In j
M«»inv OPIFFIV. rm. 4IV5 i"T«irilB»r Nd'.
SPIRITUALISM.
i * '
SEE the great revelations on pase 34, by
ISMAR,' the Esjptian seeress.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
and business medium; readings dally. $1; de-
veloping class Thursday 8 p. m. 302 Eddy st.
ELISE BRA UN, renowned English psychic. My
! readings demonstrate my wonderful powers, i
S86 Bush «=t. "_
MRS ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing seance
to-day. 2 p. m.. 50c:. 328 Ellis st.
MRS LESTER. 325 Turk St.: life reader.' busi-
ness medium; read. datfy:clr.Tues.&Thur.25c.
C V MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materializ-
ing stance to-day. 1 o'clock; $1. 10S4 Bush.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:S0 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
' PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
MME. FRANCIS, a truly gifted medium; also
card reader. 110 Sixth St.. room 15.
C WILBUR DEAN, phenomenal seance, Tues-
day eve., March 1. 1052 Ellis st.
MATERIALIZING seance Sunday evening, 50c.
32S Ellis st.; S o'clock.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
' ' ' Call at once and save $1.
His. former $5 readings ' this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1- *L *h » l - * l - **• *t.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the Information for which
You consult him.
(You to be full judge.)
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I prom-
ise to tell you If husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry, in fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself; I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause happy marriage, make you
successful In life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled treasures and Insure you succeas
or charge nothing for my servlces;10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to. 6.
326 — O'Farrell st. — 326.
SECOND sight is the clairvoyant power of
foretelling the future. MRS. CORLISS has
been called to accept this as her life work
by the Insistence of what she calls "The
Forces." She Is both clairvoyant and clalr-
audlent. She sees and hears what you do
not see and hear. Her work in the past haa
been nothing short of wonderful. If It , Is
your desire to come In touch with a genuine
clairvoyant of sterling character, one who
is educated, refined, sincere, earnest and
holds as sacred her priceless gift of medium-
ship, she will give you a psychometric read-
ing by mall. As this work constitutes a
tax upon the energies of the true psychic,
a fee of $1 must accompany every t*n ques-
tions. Address LOMA 1007 Lar-
kln st. room 87> San Francisco.
PERSONAL READINGS— $2.
ISMAK. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
at., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
rn. to 5 p. in.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't send currency: send post office,
WeUs-Fargo money order or registered letter.
THE only original Roman Gypsies in the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, .trance
.mediums: we have given readings to 10.000
people In fan Francisco since our arrival;
they ar* satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
A MRS. E. M. SANDERS. "
Palmist and psychic; advice on business:
teacher of mental suggestion and the new
thought. 1C00 Sutter st. Phone 25€8 Polk.
Evenings and Sundays by appointments.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. & palm.;
I ccrrectly treat your lov« affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G., $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
SEE the sreat revelations on page G4, by
ISMAR, the Egyptian se;ress.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal seer, life reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special. $1 this week only. 460 Geary.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given: 2Sc up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 25b";
gents 50c;' hours 1 to 9. 120 Sixth st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city
2«Vj Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c: gents. 50c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant. 017 Market, rooms
11.-1: ; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
CL1IRVOYA>TS Contlnoed.
• PROFESSOR ALBERT C. VICTOR
The Famous
; PALMIST AND CLAIRVOYANT.
Special Retlujtion for Three Days.
oO Cents — His $5 Reading; For — 50 Centt.
free Test: Fre; Test? Free Te
j A Free Test to All Who Corns Prepared
Have a Reading.
Without asking a tjuestion he tells you y<
j name, jour mother's maiden name, the na
I of the one you love, tells you your age. a
: what you called for, without asking a sin
j question.
I THEKE IS NO AFFAIR of important
i past, present or future — but what Profesi
i Victor's occult eye ca'i plainly reveal.
; will point out the way that will lead to si
[ cess In business, speculations,
love, courtship, matrimony, divorce or anythl
you may be in trouble about.
Unlike Impostor* ard pretenders. Profew
Victor takes no money in advance and po
tK-ely refuses to accept any fee if you are i
i entirely satisfied. All business strictly c<
fldential. Hours from 9 a. m. ta S p. m. da
anU Sunday. 700 Post st.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMO
Clairvoyant and business medium, pern
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examli
bldjf. ; she- reads your lif» correctly, (fives
accurate description of ths past, reveals t
present happenings and portraya events
occur in the future: If you are in trout
• illacontent*d or m>t satisfied with life, or ha
| domestic-, love or business troubles, cons
I this great medium and you will b«i* told h
i to overcoir.? th^m; valuable advice In
" affairs of life; :!oo up; satisfaction guara
I teed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
I
QUEEN ZE.VORA and Karmas Gypsy we
•l*rs: Dhenomtna! palmists, card readers a
clairvoyants. Things they do: They tea
you how to become influential. ' powerf
how to overcome evil Influences, how to n
ognizs a genuine husband, wife, aweethea
frier.d or rartner; cuicd open all hou
Palmistry readings 10c. 10c. 1714 Polk 8
near Washington st. Refined ladies ne«d r
fear to call.
Mai A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, da
voyant. card reader: when others fall try n-
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.O. ai
j MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 2J
I sents fie. 951 Mission at., nr. 6th; open Sx
I MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, :
moved frcm 132 6th to 23^ 6th; 1. 25c, g. 5*
MME. LE FERN, card reader, of 100 Flf
St.. has removed to 115 Ninth st.
MRS. BAIMAXN. the well-known, fortui
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MR3. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: s
tings dally. 448H Jessie st.. bet. 3th and «t
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th« "Weekly Ca
1C pages, in wrapper, for maillnc. $1 P«r yei
CAItPET BKATIXO AJtP CJLKA3I IX ■
I AIR now universally used In cleaning carp<
; on floor, without removal; price modera
> 8. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. C
building. Phone Main 5237.
I 'WHEN you become disgusted with your we
send for SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-bei
' Ing Works. 555-357 Tehamast.; tel. South <
| WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1300 Hf
rison st. ; Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mission 2:
HOPKE EROS.: excellent carpet beating: mi
tresses made over. 1432 Howard :tel. South Z
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter s
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Proi
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; pric
j reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. tel. Mission 2«
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Worl
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 28.
CHIROOBAPHY ASP OBAPH0I.0Q'
THE wonderful science of reading true chi
acter. disposition, mental and physical qu;
itfes from autograph3, signatures and cm
mon handwriting in classical and mode
languages of mankind: the past and prese
j habits, ways and desires of dear or int<
1 ested nersons correctly predicted and c!
! scribed; send .">0c In stamps with the orlgir
! autograph or letter (several words are su<
cient) without the author's name with yn
own address and receive a satisfactory, tr
biosTaphy and confidential answer with t
auto~ranh in return mail. Letters a<tdr<
kindly to ■•Oranholory," 254 Chenery s
San Francisco, Cal.
CTTRSS "SL U yi'PBE.
WHO?— Hunter. 1200 Market st.: $100; ruptt
cure for $10: circular explains; send for oi
•I»HK>S1IAKKHS A.MJ SEAMSTRESS I
DRESSCUTTfNG. DRESSMAKING. TAILO
ING TAVC.HT by McDOWELL'i perfi
system. O-«r method and schools have
world-wide reputation. We teach everythi
a flrst-class cutter is required to know la
a good Dosltion or start In business. Lad
soon learn to make their own garmen
stylish and becoming. Practical course
millinery. Enter now for spring styles a
good positions. Patterns cut to measure.
MCDOWELL'S. 1019 Market st
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting: doul
stamp* on dress linings. Stewart's button a
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 21:
McDOWELL Dressmaking* & Millinery School
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class 1019 Ml
DEATISTS.
Dr7~MURPHY. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldgT!sfar!
and McAllister sts.. uses tne Basford ObtL
der; the only device ever Invented for grlr
in;, drilling and excavating teeth with-.
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Elever
— No charge for extracting when plates «
made; old plates made over like new; te«
f rom $S per set; extracting 60o; gas given
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — cannot brea
warranted CO yrs; crown. $:; 50; fillings. 5<
plates, $5; full set; all work painless a
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Six'
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14,
floor, Phe!an bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farr*
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2T>5 Kearny, cor. Bush
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs. Z
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 33c: crowns. $2;
paln:open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt. 204 Suti
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT ANlT^AY~icHOOLS foremen a
working boys; instruction from the fl!
grade to preparation for the university; d
school of interest to all men; business met
«>ds a specialty; personal attention *iv«
thirty instructors; private coaching; nlj
law school; Instructors from University
California and Stanford University: indu
trial classes; men have the advantage of o
extensive engine room; complete plant, bo
era. dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; elect
cal engineering, assaying; students have
other privileges of the association If desin
International certificates given to studei
completing the courses and passing the exai
Inatlor.s; young men, strangers coming to t
city directed to good homes: association «
ployment agency for all graduates of /«
school; the beneficial influence of a gn
moral institution; our work is Indorsed by
the leading business and professional men
the city; our educational work accredited
more than 115 universities and colleges In i
United States; mechanical, freehand dra
Ing; naval architecture, stenography, ty]
writing and other specialties: advantages <y
other schools, tuition leas. Instruction sui
rlor; we are not In business to make mon
but "to. make men"; especially advantage*
to young men coming from the Interior. C
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Yov
Men's Christiah Association Institute
Practical Education for Men and Boys H.
McCoy. General Secretary. San Francis
Address all communications to LE B !
BURNS SMITH. Educational Director.
AYRES. the leading business college 72U M
ket St.; established 18 years; life scholars!;
$50: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typi
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions gecur
the college refurnished with new typewrit
and furniture January *1. Catalogue fre«
WRITE to California Business Collets for
formation concerning February club d
count: on moving into our new and eleg;
building we want SOO students; come j
Join the great school of the "West: 73- pi
catalogue. 001-923 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory sch
for the university, law and medical colleg
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford prof
«or; day and evening session. PheUn bl
HINMAN*S Academy; a thorough school
dancing; established 2O years. 1412 Polk
between Pin« and California; both adult j
children's classes are now open for the seas
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST,
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand touch typl
languages, telegraphy. English branches: c
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue- ft
A LAHGER and better school than ever; es
at once If you .desire a good position: Gr<
, shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F Busln
' College. 1236 Market st.
ATTEND Gallagher- Marsh Business College
advice of official court reporters and be cc
» petent stenographers. 1SSZ Market; catal
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' b!
bookkeeping, shorthand touch typing, aril
spelling;, writing, etc; day eve.; $1 mix cj~? .■; . E DfCATsOX.lL Cm tinned.
KEALDS School of Mine* & Electricity. 14 Post
•t.. K. F.; a practical school of engineering :
■;-_omiJct* t-quiptnent. S;wci_l catalogue free.
CNGINncniNG— Civil] e!»c rr.lnT^mech*. r-jrT
»ry. aksay. <-yanid#: d»>. ev. ;est.lStti'. Van
<5er Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Kail.
DAKCESG Tu'Klay, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
«Je> *-vp#.. Teutonia Hall. Howard «t.. near
.•'•1.- 1'rof. Foster: wsciety dancing taught.
V.IFS I. ILL! AN BB.OXC&. tca<h«-r uf pianj and
»_ri'nft: t;*c".al -tter.tion tu beginnert. 1CIj7
£_ <Te.__nto ft.
J'j'iC n.VKKl! >'-:r!i"»-->, arran*;*-* and publishes
iru^ic. Ho U1O1S :ianos. $2.O>. Box 2S25.
<"al! trn<-»-.
iiAXJO. r.ianSolsn and guitar thoroughly
crcheeira practice. 462 Geary •_
GUITAR. rrtan_c!in and p!ann $:f p*r mo.;
._ ra -sc'ol'n eU:h $1 |-«r rr.o. f_S Haleht st.
EPAXI— H — My fourth n;oof5«f-ji year of teach-
ing. Prof. DomiiiEo C Maya. 427 Suttcr.
KKN'I r l_w Schorl; always cp«n: conducted by
i laciu-al lav rtn. r.::<» I'arrc-tt buiidtng.
CEXniAK; ecnve-rfation. literature; ur.lver-
* ■■•■■. . re:<-ren<«-f. I'hcr.c- G<>ary 2444.
S'I'lijKXT in crauinc ar.d fainting: rail 1-J
' p. ni . < r write. hl'J Murk't tt.. room 03.
1*1 ANO lessors*. Gcnztsva method, tsucht. Mrs.
M. <;. DUrrette, 328 H'.Hf; hour* 10-12. -'-4.
1111P. :«!. G. WEILKR tea-.-hes German. French.
Sr»r.i>li. l:e.ri\es popil* at 920 Oak st.
WILL Five T::ar<3cilin lruson in exchange for
lanj.j lotzcv.. Box TS9\ C— 11 office.
Lr.S-?r>NS given in ott. 1515 Henry rx...
Ii«>rkr!r> .
ESTANOI. — _rtad« practlco y rrogresivo.
Uaf-sel Srnsno. f>:50 Ctllfcrr.ia. euarto nm. 4.
LADIES wlnr-.in* to learn miKlnery art. ccm-
pi»:.- tysieirs taught. 1ST* l'cst »t.. rocm 37.
SCHOOL CF ILLUSTRATION Dsy ar-ii
PAP.TINGTCNP. 4.4 Pine St.— Night class.
riKSO lrs#or.s. 2.V half hour. MRS. PECK.
exr-*Ti*nc*-3 twh?r. 1013 Mlss'on. nr. Sixth.
EMi»_UV>I_.\T OFKICB9.
GET vc^jr helper PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
" MEXT OFF1»_ and Ho-s-ecleaningCo. 12—
Plre. r.r. .T_j\ M. E. dUM_; phone Polk 3666
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Pest ft.: te» Bush 155—
Jar.ar.ef^-Chinese en-.ployroert office; fur-
t— tbea bei=t help; contract* for farm help. etc.
A — OKI 'H KIM Emrloymer.t Office— Japar.ese-
<>.ii.est he!;.. 423 Powell «. Tel. Main 5752.
FP.ITZ'S Emri. Office; .Ta?ar.-se and Chinese
belp. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 16S
R_— —ABLE Jai arifi^e-Chir.ese Emplcyment Of-
P.ct-; ell kir.ds heli>. 315 btu<ktcn; Main 51S*.
CHINESE ani3 Jfpar.»fe help; estsh. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. «M0 Clay.
-MI'LOYMKM 1 \VA%T_U fr_MALli.
A GEHMAN cc>k. >oung. first-class cook, best
referent-is, wants a i lace in a German or
Jewish family nt %'■"& t > S4«> a rr.cnth. Call
. MIfc.~ l'Ll-NJvKTT, _S Suttcr St., n^ar
Powell,
iJY n. neat Hroog ■reman, cleaning fcy the day.
Address J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutler
. tt.; rhene Main 5:»<.tf.
IIOSITION by comretent stenographer and
arstrtant bcckkfeDer; good penman; salary
rn cderatc to eeoure permanent |*>s ition; n!-
tre nt»s. Box SCS?. r_!!.
PSO~~E-1OXA_ French cork; by day or
«.-efk: T_ke charce of dinners and recepticre,
or" ui!l go ts visiting h:usektei^er; al*o
i-nckir.r lt»<une riv.n. Box 2211. Call office.
NKAT housekfeper. flderly wishes position
to care icr cUMrb, eooking. washing, mer.d-
. irit; callable mtire work of small family;
«»fft Sir.. Ik-x 2V_^ Call offlce.
\."OMI"ET_NT woman »!«ats laun«lr>- work hy
the dny every other Thursday and Friday:
H 75 t-er day. .*4<lr<tf MISS MORRIS. 304
Seveeth «U f.at li.
ijKRMAN rirl wlfhef place for house»-crk; no
heavy wasiiiiyt: $2".' 50 to $25. Call be-
tween 8 and 12 m. Ap;.ly o22J Twentieth
e^., Sun<i«y ur Monday.
YAfNG Orrman pirl »ant5 position in rt nal'
tamily Ut -ssist with housework; Oakland
- rrefetrtu. Address A. G.. 120S Seventeenth
«v*.. Oakland.
RKFINED ycunp lady wl«he« home in private
family or at cum panieri to lady, where *he
• will have fosifr time to devote to music.
L ii.. IT:* Post st.
__— R1CAN vorrar. da> worker, now days
MMtacai itJ. v;*);** ; home in
■•'tuzamc in return :or eervicts; best references.
Ad— rtfarr, MX>4 Mission n. ' '
V'.'VN'j Ctrl would lik* ixjFition in rc^pect-
_ble AnerlrsD family to <ar» for 1 or 2
• . rsia!l fl-.iliJren. «'all cr address 1357 Six-
teenth >t.. Oaklr.nd.
JJH—i-fc'MAKKK. ladies' t__lorinK. cutilne and
JitXitttl fIr>t-( la»« w<>rk done; at horn"
< r ijer day. _ISS BARt-S, the Sherman
Home, 9» _____ st.
!%QCXQ i-erne-.-table married woman of expen-
ence. ni) 4ncurnl>rance. wishes to inanaxe a
. toujnin^-houf* vr will buy on payments.
- B-.-x 1O57. Call offl?f. O-k'-ar.d.
ETXPERtHNCHD rnirss v.i«hf- j^rtnanfnt po?l-
." lion. Htber c>ex. city or cur.tr>-: bett recora-
.' men>latn,n*. Addr«cs A. L.. SiXi E. Twenty-
•tourih »t.. Oakland.
DRES SMAKKR — tlxpeiienced: good cutter and
ivt-r. »'.-ul<l IlkP a few more en~ag'ments by
' ;he da? ; tf-rrnc reasonable; city or countr>.
lies . .■ .. Call offlt-f.
STEXOGBAPHE _ and Remington operator.
fflc_eriy of Heald'e College. <*e»ires position
«-hf:«- t-xji^ritnce may b« acquired. 22y
. Krar.k 1 .: a rt,
A-YOt'NO clrl tter.ograj.her. typewritsr.de-
»..rrf position at '.ffice work, etc.; experience;
" reference: sn'ary ab.ut J22 50 to 125. Box
- C7fc2. < s!l Cfflre.
Jl'CWKOISU iedy want* to <5o thamberwerk
• ir rrKirr.:ng-hou«e Jrom S to 12: flm-clacs
• rrkrr. Addrcy? MRS. HANNSON. 2U
■" rtsp.Foifi ft_
liTKOXG. willing American woman wantf — <>rk
. "ly ih*- .isy; >! 25 day: carfarf: carpet clean-
inr «r.J laimdry ».rk specialties: abBolutely
fellaljl*. 174 Fourth ►:.. ntom I(t. firrt flight.
YOUNG wc-rr.aa with references wants eitV.cr
- house-cltanir.ir cr off.ee wcrk fry the day:
•" f, «<i f. <^jv MRP. M. Call branch. «>"JJ
. Mc.V'listtr tl.
O&UTVTE2PT f,»rrasr wo— an wlfhes work by
ih* <;«-.: wanMrijr. ironin* and hous* clean-
inir: ?1 50. A-ldr*«s box 27*4. Call offlce.
I.>i:Efc>"MAKKIC; jierffct fitter and deJl— ner;
rrcacen— i»» by day and wrk taken home,
r.rrft Stevenson »t.. near Seventh.
XFASTED — B> BCcrmai School graduate, pcjl-
titn :<j d<> washing, troninn and flutinir. Ap-
ply J. BACllV. H7l» Market St.. sixth flocr.
rXPKniF:?;<'niJ *t«-norrapber wants i#rm»-
n»nt j— ■ f.»:^-t« ; hipr* tth<»<.| «-<1ucatton; Al ref-
»r<-n>«<; -Kalarj" *K l - t^v 2^57. Oil office.
Ti'ANTED— I'o«ltion a* working housekeeper
by Tft-!> vltk a <-hl!d 7 years old; country
preferred if n<>ar i"-ho'l. nox 2380, Ca'.l.
JCTItOXa flerrnen Kir\. r-dchJ c-ooV. wants i>o-
• vttiori for kitche-n en I homework; Am»ri-
C— a ?am:i>-. Addrcr« \rox 2>*?S. <"all offii-*.
YoVN'J ia<5y warstc j>o«itlc»n In irlove hou«»
where »hc can ieatn the l>usineEs thoroughly
Addr«*s bcx 2$S\. Call office. ■ , .<
A WOMAN ««n!s two tn^e --«rmaneTit places
Jor M<*!.— ': nnd TIvaiB—T. ''nil week da\>,
' 4 i-. in. or 7 D. t»i. Phon^ Hf-<J *>'A1.
A KXii»~ -»;!->?■> lauii'Jrew. wlsHrJ 1 wrrk by
!h<? tiny Te>.hutic MIIS. NOUTON. ZV,
Better *«.
BXPEtUKJCCCD trimmer _— i maker wants a
• ;:■ yi'.Uxi tn »mal! retail rr)Illio»rv store; beft
i»fe—'ni-t-^. A(k_n_ l» •"••; 2T"i. «"all <fflce-.
RKfiKED "iiirp.t*-<\ \»<iy. flnc s»ian : »t and ac-
i-onjrar.ij't. A-riri^ vukak »m»-Tit» : horo* 1 mere
»»bj<-«t than -alar? -. li^x 2I>*^. Call office.
V'"irKO la>Ix-. romr*t<nl. «-xp<!r!once-<] #tenor-
• rat'he-r sr/1 t yp^vrlter. <J«*«ir<»s Txwltlon In or
«at cr city. J'.os CO27. Call office.
COOD stsrnrtfy er h»:r*r for drc?5m»ker
—»n'.E r.-orlt t-y day !n fatnillea; fl 10. Bcx
" 2-":>. fall of fire.
YQT'NO <Jern_n worn «-«nts hoiisecleaninir
"or Frl'tay and Saturrfsy: tl day. MRS. V.. 3
Rltch *l. <ir-. T r *ri. off Folsom. bet.3d and 4th.
vajctiTj- Hv rr/ddle-asfd woman, light
hmtrewritk fpw houtv « 'iny. fleej) horn e.
• Apply 21 Fulton *t.. Monday.
;-"!T:£T -CLAPS ♦Jr-rfmakfr wI^hcF wcrk ' bv
the <!ay <ir at liomf. $2 nnd lun'-h. ?7B
. 1'csr! St.. bet. Va!«nci«. Markr-t and I3th.
Vi'ANTnTJ — flrr.V.rman artd wifr. m!d'1le-aee^.
fine reiaenrt's would like care of furnished
. , hou*r. A<ldre*« Iwx 2S3O. Call office.
AN fX7<ri\'nti*\ '.ady bookkeeper and acccrnt-
am <1^r"« r**i!ion; bcit of rffcreneo=. Box
Call offlci-.
OOH) naitre*f want* nlaco In country or ran.
" rr.er rccort. Boj: I"".-'.'. Call crflc*.
"VrtCX(; l_0y to jihone. Box 2221. Call
©fftc*.
WANTKH- U'otk in millinery »hoj» a* trlrcmer.
Mtf-K OWENS. 17(11 I>arkln id.
Vi'AXTEI) — By r. frst-«-la-» laundress to go
b> i.*« >&*y at $1 SO. By* STC'6. Call office.
_K3I PI-O V 31 EXT AVA.\T_D— -FEM Al.E. |
SITUATION as housekeeper In family 'of i
v.dult« br a woman with 2 small children, i
Addr*** box Uiol. Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG rtrl stenographer, typewriter, desires !
position at office work, etc.: experience; ref- |
trences. Box _S». Call office. j
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wants tewlnc in
iamllict: 75c day: or chambtr wcrk in Jirst-
ilas-s liotel. 44 JH T hama st.
WOMAN wants wcrk by the half-day: 75c i
per ha!f-<1ay. MRS. SIEBOLD, 2tiO Ritch j
*t., in rear. - j
RELIABLE lady, with a girl 4 years old t,j
•ufpoit. wishes work with h?r child; $10 U
fill. Box 2.:'.".', Call.
YOUNG woman wants place, cooking and gen- j
*-ral housework; Email family; wages $-.Y '.
Box 2S2-. Call office. ... i
WANTED — Housekeeping by a competent, re-
liable, middle. aged woman; good cook. Box
BBg. Call offlce. j
SWEDISH cirl (rllbci general housework or ;
diking in an American family. Address j
_■*» Char'UlteDec st. ; wages $30, car fan*. i
WOMAN would like washing, ironing, siveep-
lriB or chamberwork Ly tht day or half day. j
Box 2*40. Call office.
WANTED — Toung woman, well educated, !
■nlihcs place as governess. Address box !
5815. Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes position as cham-
bermald or waitress in firs t-clajs hotel. Box !
2M>7. Call offlce.
SWISS girl wants to care for half- grown chll- j
dren; speaks French and German. Address !
1505 Kentucky st. • j
STENOGRAPHER with experience desires po- j
sitlon; rood rJferenc-es. Address box 2StS0, i
lall office. :
COMPETENT woman wants any kind cf
work; 75c uer day. Address MKS. M.. 20
Washington *t.
COMPETENT woman wishes wcrk by the day j
cleaning office* or stores. Call or address
570 Jessie st. ,
KXPERIENCED nurse wishes a position by 1st
■ »f March. AdJress A. B., Call branch, 22UU =
Flllmore et. • " ' j
COMPETENT woman wishes washing" and i
ircniug by the day; terns reasonable. 10!s ;
Howard st.
F:CPERIENCEI> dressmaker would like a few |
more engagements by thp day: $1 5u a day. !
AdJress A. C. M.. _?24 Twenty-third it. j
EXPERIENCED trained nurse dtsires weekly :
rngarement*: terms reasonable. t'5S Geary i
St.: phone Pclk 2850. ;
PIANO teacher will give lessor.s or pay for j
the vre of piano to i>r»etlee on part of few i
days In the week. Box 2400. Call. j
A COMPETENT, neat girl desires position; I
cooking, housework; wag«s. $25; city or ',
country. Bcx 23S3. Call. >
W ANTED — Situation by first-class ccok; no i
objection to large family; will go outside of i
Oakland. Box 1052. Call offlce, Oakland. |
POSITION by younr -woman to nsV.st with j
housework, care of children. IOCS Market •
St., box IS. :
A COMPETENT woman wishes situation as ;
cook in private family or boarding-hou?e. '
Apply in Natoma St. r__r ■
A LADY wlfhes to go out washing by the day. !
Call at 7."i' a Natoma st. j
SITUATION as a nurse. 1 Lesineton ave. j
YOUNG !ady wo'.:ld like situation in offlce; |
reference?. Bsx 2rs«. Call office. !
GIRL wants position in dry reeds store. Box
2S2>. Celt offlce. ;
WAXTED — Porition cs nuis> by middle-aged ;
woman. 275 Sixth ave.
YOUNG jrirl wishes position to travel. Ap- \
ply 17«3 Eig-hteenth ave.
SITUATION -.anted fcy young girl to mind j
child. 53 A De Long ave. - j
POSITION in mining ramp a* cook by compe- :
tent woman. Bcx 2M5. Call offlce.
YOUNG woman would Uke place as chamber- j
maid. Box 2SM. Call office. j
GOOD cook wants kitchen work: ran Rive ref- i
erences. Address box 2S93. Call office.
FBENCH Laundress wishes fine washing, to do
at home; work guaranteed. Box 2887. Ca'.l. I
WOMAN war.ts-" work by fijiy washir.e and !
Ironing, fl 50 rer day. ."{15 G«»ary st.
EXPFrRlf^N'.'KIJ stenoj—anher wlsh»>> position; I
salary ¥10 a • week. Box 2MB. Call, .
POSITION as *earr stress. Box 29C5. Call I
- office. — ... ;
POSITION a« housekeeper; no tneumbraneeF. ;
Box 2M4. Call office. . j
-YOUNG woman wishes work washing, ironing I
or housecleaning. Pleate call 511 Bryant st. ;
EXPERIENCED German ceo* wishes position
in country hotel. Box 2920, Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day, house clean- •
ing. etc. 20C Shipley st.
LADT wants washing by the day. 1326 Jes- ;
sie st. !
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes posi- ;
tlon as housekeeper. 7w> nil:e st.
LADY wou'd like position to take care, of t
children by the hour. or. day. 104 Eighth.
_ 7~~~ !
WET nurfe wants position. 2578 Mission et. !
EDUCATED woman <i**i-** work about four
hours a day. Box 29S1. Call office.
WANTED — A- position to do light housework
or as*;.;. Ill South Perk.
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper i
or assistant: references. Box 2M2. Call.
POSITION -ranted as hotel housekeeper. C. i
H. H.. box 2S-J4. Call offlce.
WANTED— A situation as housekeeper; ref- !
erences. Bcx 2S15. Call office.
■ ______ . ■ j
WOMAN wishes plain sewing. 2."0 Third «t. '
FRENCH lady wishes position as pianist; ;
country preferred. Bcx .2753. Call offlce.
WANTED— Confinement nurslns. ' Tel. Page
1S33; residence "4 McAllister ft.
WOMAN woula like employment as janitrees. j
725W Broadway; In rear -^
WOMAN would like to go out to work 2 half
days a week. ~'2o' 3 Broadway; In rear.
YOUNG woman wants work Tuesdays, wash- i
ing or house-cleaning. Call at ."27 Fifth st.
SITUATION wanted by a young German rlrl ■
to do housework. Box 2077. Call offlce. t
GERMAN woman wants work housecleanlng or
washing by the day. 208 Natoma st.; jvar. j
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. 200A >
Third *t. I
WOMAN wishes i>la!n sowing. (Jill 142 Te- j
hama st. ;
A YOUNQ lady wishes position an chamber-
maid in hotel or lodging-hous?. Box 2775.Call. j
: . j
POSITION wanted by experienced maker. Box ■
2SO4. Call Offlce. j
- - " '■ • ' I
GIRL wantji tx;siticn. Address 1012 Hayes >t.
A RESPECTABLE lady wlthtn wcrk by th«
<!sv. H.Vi Fifth st. j
A LADY wanl- work house-clear.lng by day. j
MKS. MORI.ONEY. 2 Mary st. ;
GOOD laundress wants position. 2578 Miff Ion I
street. i
A STRONG woman wantp house and window J
cleaning: *1 W> /a»". 151SA Howard st.
GiMJlt cock wants kitchen work; can give ref-
erences. Addre5s 2?«:J. CnU office.
A \V(jUAX want* work fcy the day; wa«Jilng
ar.d ironing; $1 75 a day. Box 27f»4. Call.
V 1_\DV tak'.- waihina home; open air dry.
Phcne Fe!l 1C41.
GIRL wants position to care for children. Box '
27SK. Cal! offlce.
BY literary women, to write Jingle verses,
etc.. for *dv«rrt":*er-cnts. Box 2377, Call.
A WOMAN wishtB work by the day. . Call 270
Jessie st.
YOUNG l*<1y w_he* to do writing at homf;
addr'n'iriK ftiv«lotK*. etc. liox '-U51. Call.
GIRL wants ixe.ticn ne laily in waiting, liox
C872. Call office.
LADY wb-he* DcRiti'.n a« chambermaid only
11 Natoma tt.: ur-t* r -flat.
YOUNG lady wants iiosition as seamstress;
Coed sewtr. Address hox _C5, Call.
YOUXG —oman to flo sewlns-ior hotel or
rocnjing-houi* at liome. Inquire 20 Minna.
WANTED — Situation as housemaid; references
given. Bov Call.
WANTED— Plain tewing to do In famille».
Box 2{«i5, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation In !
famll). 4-0 Front ft. '.' |
EXPERIENCED ecx'erne»« wants xltuntioir. I
ACdre^s J. H. C. 1*. O. bjx 303. Be.kelev. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. FEBRUARY 2S, 1904.
ICMJ'I.OVMKVT WANTED— KKMAMS.
A LADY wishes a job to do chamber work.
MRS. McCULLOUGH. 137 Fifth tt.
SITUATION by competsnt cook; small wash;
wages $."!5; references first class. 3HS 7th *l.
WANTED — Position as hotel housekeeper; S. F»
J(.os Market gt., box 17.
WANTED— Petition as cash trirl. Addre.-s
HUG Market st.
WOMAN dtsiies chilUren's sewing; reasonable.
fm Mif.-kn *t.
YOUNG _1rl wUben uositlon to take care of
children. Bcx 2W56, Call.
YOUNG womEi: would like to have a few
hours' work every day at any kind house-
work, chamber 'work or plain eewlne. Box
12, 1(MJ8 Market bt.
BY vcung lady, position as assistant book-
keeper or bill clerk; lumber business pre-
ferred; references. Address B.. box 2242. Call.
AN experienced stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper desires position. Box 2240, Call.
A COMPETENT lady wishes position as
n-.atron, housekeeper or companion to invalid
or children; best references given and re-
quired; $s a week. MRS. JORDON, 1100
Pine st. cor. Jones.
STKNOGUAPHEU and Remington operator de-
t-lres poMticn whew experience may bo ac-
fiuir'j; formerly of Heald's Business Colles;.
2l"'J Franklin st.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeper's po- i
sitlon; neat: good cook: no objection to coun- j
try. Address Housekeeper. 206 Eddy st. j
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
mrntE or steady place; $1 75 per day. Box
1049. Call offlce. Oakland. <
A GOOD, honest young woman wishes any j
kind of work by the day or afternoon; can
ter.d store. Address MRS. C. H., -"»S1 26th 't.
YOUNG lady stenographer, with knowledge of
bookkeeping, desires a position as office as-
sistant. Box 2674, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework 3
or 4 days a week; sleep at home. Address
Smith. 1331 Pine.
WANTED — A position to do light housework
or assist. Ill South Perk.
A JAPANESE sirl wants r» sitlon to help
dressmaking; watris *1 50 a day. Please
call or write 3254 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE girl wishes position In private
family: tan do plain cooking. Call 2148 Flll-
— ore st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recelved~at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, G33 McAllister st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
suhscrirtlcns has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED MALE.
A FIRST-CLASS American chef, late of one I
of the best hotels on the Coast and at pres-
ent employed in this city in one place for ;
the pact eleven months, would like a coun-
try position: commercial hotel, club or re-
sort; is married man with one small child:
best of references furnished. Address Chef,
5tS Franklin et.
WANTED — By American farmer, position as
working foreman on ranch, with house for
family; can take full charge of ranch; 10
years' experience in California farming; good I
personal reference 3823 Opal street, Oakland. J
Cal. '
WANTED — Position cs bookkeeper, collector
or manager of small business, country or
city, by young man 27 years of age; can give
btst of references and any amount of bond.
Box 2394. .Call offlce.
STABLEMAN wants position: by a middle-
aged, single man; thoroughly understands j
care "of horses, harness and rigs; handy and i
useful about place; best of references. Box j
2831. Call offlce. .
WANTED— Steady employment by married
man. handy with all kinds cf tools; have ex-
cellent recommendation and would deelre I
\vjrk in fRctory or 6tore. Address 4WJA j
Mir.nia it. . !
PROFICIENT, experienced pianist desires po- j
sition with music firm or publisher; excel- i
• lent r?fertnces regarding character and abil- }
ity. R. M. SAMUEL. 4U7 O'Furrell st. ,
PLUMBER, strictly first -class, will work for j
property owner or estate by the week or |
month; has all m-cesfary Ehop tools; city or j
country. Box _043. Call office. . j
WANTED — By experienced young florist and
__rd«ner to take charge of big place, either
private or commercial: single; references.
Addrtss IV H.. box 2305. Call offlce. j
YOUNG man wants pos'ticn.on game preserve, j
where a few wild beasts, birds and reptiles ,
still r.fert' looking after. Kindly address A. j
H. YOUNG. 101'j Bush st.
WANTED— Al bookkeeper would Uke to work j
on set o? books about 2 hour* dally; best •
references: teveral years' experience In city.
Address Bookkeeper. 258 Stevenson st. !
COMPETENT youns man with 10 years' ex- j
perience in grneral dry goods. 5 years man- j
aser and buyer, open for position; best ref- j
eiences. Box 2923. Call offlce. j
A~~UARYTONE cf fine appearance, formerly i
from grand opera, would like an engagement I
eitiier hete or to travel, as singer, pianist, I
loader or accompanlat. Box 2832. Call offlce. |
A YOUNQ man, good reference?, understands [
horses and cows, wishes a position en private |
place or on a cnlcken ranch. Address box i
■2±2i. Call office.
BARTENDER young married man. competent
and reliable.' would like steady position out-
xlfie of city: best of city references. Box
203*. Call office. •
FINE pianift and ac-companist who can read ;
at sight would like to get something to do
either in tli* city or to travel. Address box
28SS. Call offlce.
POSITION of trust or collector by a middle-
aged married man; first-class reference from
last position cf 20 years. Address box 2971.
Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, with Hlsrh School educa-
tion, desirts to chang-e position; Remington,
Smith or Underwood machines. Address box
2954. Call.
MAN and wife want work, man to drive team
or make himself ut-eful. wife to work for a
feu men. Address W. ROBINSON. 550 Mis-
sion tl.
STRONG, healthy youth, age 16, desires posi-
tion as assistant to plumber, with view to
learnlnz the business; highest references.
Box 27S9. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man (35) wirhes DcMtion as
garrtt-npr en a private place; understands
rare of horse.*. Address P. M., 626 West
Eichth st.. Oakland.
TWO first-class carpenters will take work by
day or job; repair work done. Call or ad-
drfss W. S. I.. 22 Tehama st.
YOUNG married man. good habits, wants po-
sition in Slock Kxchange with opportunity
of learning business. Address box 223«, Call.
FIRST-CLASS wineman (German) wants posi-
tion in wine and liquor businpss. SCHEL-
LER, hiZi East Twelfth St., East Oakland.
Al SALESMAN, read experience, reference*,
wants good factory line for Pacific Coast.
Address box 2310. Call afflce.
STENOGRAPHER, first-class: man: 11 years'
experience in office work; desires poattion;
good reference. AddrT*s box 2970, Call.
WANTED — Situation as choreman or work on
small place; strictly temperate. J. D., 614 !
Maine- Hcupe, Kfarny *».. city.
A YOUNG man wishes a clerical position In
.mercantil-s house; isatiefactory references
given. Box 2001. Call office.
YOUNG man. are 17. wishes a position as
r-Ievator cprator; experienced. Box 2S0G.
Call office.
WANTED— A situation as coach— an In a
pood family: no objection to. the country:
references. 536 Third st.
YOUNG man wants night work; can assist
behind bar. in club or hotel: all round man.
Box 2S07. Call offlce. |
ADVERTISE!: (aged 37) wants place as clerk
or collector; ckmI references: bond. Address
G. NINAU. 701 Stocktcn «t.. city.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish took wishes a place
ir. a small American family; wages SSO or
$35. Box 205.".. Call.
WANTED — Writintr-or copying at -home: fot
business firm nreferred. Address CLEORA
HAGK, 010 Sanchez ft.
WANTED — Hy a young man, a position In an
. iron- foundry: Hcht work; wapea no object.
Box 2240. Call offlce. j
ENGINEE 21 and machinist. 20 years' expert-
tnce, wants ftuitable position. Address box !
2M>1. Call office. .- 1
WANTED — A place as bartender in country,
references given. J. SHERWOOD, 710 Mar-
-ket ft. -
SUPERINTENDENT of yacht and launch ma-
chinery it(»m or gasoline, wants situa-
tion. Box 2S0.!. Call.
MIDULK-AGED man wibbes any kind of work
by the day; good worker. Addre»s box 2S3U.
<;« II office. .
YOUNG man wantx n .pition as porter In hotel.
Ad<l»ew box V7s5, Call office.
MAN to do chorea: strictly te— Derance., Box I
_7a.*.. Ca!l oiflce. • 1
E3IPLOVMEXT \VA'.\T__-^MrAX.K. |
A THOROUGHLY up-to-date saU'sman' wants I
one or more article* to sell to the trade.
Box 2W2. Coll office. J
CARPENTER wants work: w-lll accept second- !
hand furniture an pay. W. W. HAAS, .1623 j
Sutter et. j-
SOBER middle-aged man— Position as Janitor,
or run elevator, or watchman. Address box •
2S51, Call offlce. j
WANTED — PosiUon as night watchman in
private hotel : best ; of referejices.- Address !
CHRIS NEWCOMER. 919 Gtary st; . j
WANTED by sober man — Position as clerk; ;
country hotel; flrst-class references. Address j
FRANK SHERWOOD. 719 Market st.
EXPERT revising authors' MSS. and proof- i
reading, offers services; stenographer. W., j
45 West Mission st. ■ ' '. I
POSITION -wanted as coachman; flrst-c!a«s j
reference*; 20 years' experience. Box 2924.
Call offlce. . I
SITUATION wanted by experienced collector ,
with horee and rig; bond furnished. Box
2912. Call office^ '
WANTED — Clerical petition by. steady. -capable ,
man who is not afraid of. work. Box _20, j
Call office. - ■ j
EOY wants position: willing to work at any- ;
thing; age 17; would like $1 a day. Address
C23 Jetsle st. ' i
YOUNG man wants position In electrical works
with chance to learn business. Address box
3C00, Call office* ' • j
ALL round cook, 22 years' experience: restau- j
rant or hotel, city or country. Address bcx '
2821, Call office^ . j
POSITION as bookkeeper and salesman, city
or country. Address R. H. MAYBELL, 14 .
Ivy ave., San Francisco, Cal. j
POSITION wanted a; night watchman: one
used to the care of boilers; references. Ap- i
ply box 2S37, Call office. '"" ' " ' . j
ELDERLY German wants light position; can i
furnish be»t of references. Address W., 393 >
Hayes tt. _^ ■ - !
A RELIABLE man wishes position as janitor:
competent to take charge of a building. Box ,
2776, Call office^ " j
WANTED — Position by young man as plum- !
ber and tinner; city or country. Box 230S,
Call office. . lj -
A FIRST-CLASS bartender and mixer wishes
a poHlticn: cood reference. Telephone Geary
3124. Address 16 Masonic . ave. . .
YOUNG man, 20. wants employment in whole-
tale cr retail grocery:. sjx yeats" experience.
Box 271)2. Call offlce. ■ '
DRUGS— Young man wants permanent posi-
tion: rood reference: reg. urad. .Box .2.9i.
Call office, . . .
A MIDDLE-AGED all-round handy man. so-
ber and reliable, desires steady work. 2
' Hampton court, rear OCS Harrison st,
A PLUMBER wants work from property-
ownt-r; owner can buy stock at cost. Box :
2771. Call offlce.
POSITION as bookkeeper and stenographer;
experienced: fine penman; best of references;
good all-round office man. Box 2378, Call.
SITUATION of any kind wanted by young
man: understands the care of horses and a
good driver; references. Box 27S7. Call.
OLD man v.-ants a ooaltlon; Is able to make
himself -stful around the house. 316 Bat-
tery st. - _■
WANTED— Position as. head Janitor or super-
intendent of building; best of references, i
Box 2900. Call offlce. '
MAN wants job as bouncer. BOB McLAUGH- I
LIN. care Call. ' '. . .. j
WANTED — Situation as coachman.- Box 2401, {
Call office. : j
POSITION as chief electrician -in electrical j
station. 1090 _______________________
YOUNG men desires 'employment evenings.
Box 23S1. Call off.ee. -
WANTED— Position as bartender in flrstTclass :
saloon. Box 2382, Call office. \ \
A YOUNG man wants a position In private !
place: steady. Box 2385. Call office. j
BOY want» -position- as mesftenper in bank. -Ad- j
<3re*B- box 1059. Call Offlce. Oakland; j
WANTED— A position as clerk. . Box 1C5J. j
Call Offlce. Oakland. - ■• ■ • - |
WANTED— Situation as ranch foreman,. Ad-
dress J. H. C. P.,O. box .303. Be/keley. j
SITUATION'- by. strong boy. 17 yeax]T old. to
drive wagon. Call 1016 Market sto , t . . .
AN' experienced stockboy wants a pcjltliin^Box
214S. Call, office.. ..L .
BUTCHER wants work la shop." * Box '2152, j
Call office. j '.' ".*."** ' * j
SITUATION as a prcsser. 720 Mission et. |
YOUNG man would like position driving de- |
livery wagon. Box 2213, Call office. ,
BOY of 14 want? job In tlnshop. Box 2210. '
Call cff_e 1 _ j
BARTENDER wishes employment. Box 2130. |
Call office. ■ " • J
WANTED— Position cutting Government 3 per j
cents. Apply T. PACKHAM, 17£M8lh ave. !
YOUNG man wishes position as bartender.
Box __. Call offt.e. . . !
BOY wants pcsltlon as plasterer. Box 2210, j
Call offlce. - ■ - .. j
YOUNG man would like to clean a few dinau- i
serouses. Address 1012 Devisadero st. i
A YOUNG man wants position as errand boy. '
Address box 2223. Call office. ________ 1
ELDERLY man wants work. Box 2978. Call
office..
WANTED— Work as porter. JAMES HAR-
RIS. 744 Howard st. . "" j
YOUNG draughtsman wants home work. S. }
T., 4 Carles plac«. I
GROCERY clerk with some experiences wishes ;
position. Address Clerk. 936 Larkin et. i
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 2751. .
Call offlce. . . I
YOUNG man wants work Esturday evenings In ,
store. Address box 2827. Call offlce. . I
, : — . I
BUSHELMAN. flrst-class, wants situation.
Box 2831. Call offlce. .
STRONG, young German wants any kind of i
position: wages no object. Box 2982, Call. j
__ . ~ — I
BOY wants position. Box 2SU. Call office.. |
; 1. i
YOUICG —an wants position in country store; j
small wages to start. Address box 2S33, Call, j
WANTED — Typewriting and copying. Address ]
box 2R2S. Call offlce. . - ;
BOY, • age 1C. wants position In wholesale '
.house. Box 2816, Call offlce. • . • j
BOY, age 17, wants a position in a wholesale I
furnishing house. Box 2S36, Call offlce. j
YOUNG man wishes a position as porter: can ■
give reference. . Address box 2844, Call offlce. j
SITUATION wanted by competent coachman. ,
Box 5482, CnU offlce. , . - j
A YOUNG man want* po-itlon as driver; first-
class horeeman. Address box 2_1, Call. j
PAINTER wants work. WHEELOCK." 15
Third st. j
BOY wants position as errand boy. Box 2237, '•
Call offUe. ___ ______ i
COMPETENT, experienced male stenographer, :
age 24; references. Box 2234. Call oiflce. J
YOUNG man wants pcsltlon ai coachman in !
private family. Box 2230, Call offlce. j
A BLACKSMITH nnd h"!— >«hoer wants a i»o«I- ';
tlon. Addrees T. ZIMMER. 41S Puporit st. !
YOUNG man' wishes rcsltion • to do: offlce !
work. Box 285R, Call offlce. ;
ELDKRLY man wishes position as cook. C41 •
Washlnstrn st. • !
YOUNG man wants work in hat store Satur- '
a»-'«v(nln». Address box _S«5, Call.- ;
YOUNG man would Uke porter work. B. F. i
FLANDERS. 11 Natcroa st.
WANTED— A Jcb-a~Janl tor] G. FARGO. 2527
.Kentucky st- y ■ . • •
OIL well driller wants situation; references.
Box 2S79, Call offlce. . . j
QENTLEMAN would, like position to work in
liquor store. Box 2876, Call offlce. .. j
GENTLEMAN wishes to sea'clgars! 721 Mar- j
ket st.. . :
MAN to care for horses and garden. Eox
v'_877. Call office. *. i
GENTLEMAN war.ts position, clean around !
.^stort. Box 2878. Call o.'flce. ' |
PRACTICAL bridge builder wants any kind cf !
work "Jn hl« line: Address" CHARLIE
BOUGHMAN. 1170 Market St.. top floor.' '
WANTED — A situation by a first-elate tool-
<- maker ->* lljht machinist In city or out of
town.. Addrem tax 2217. Call office. I
JAPANESE-schoolhoy who was kept 3 years In {
his first family ..wants second familyv A; T. t !
151 Haleht *t. * I
EMPLOYMENT WA.VTED — MALE.
"U'ANTEU^SIt-ation as coachman in country:
■'-■•best, of references. Address W. J. W1L-
COX. T10 Market St.
WANTED— Position as bartender In country":
Jlrft-claj's reference jrlven. Address P. J.
COBS. !>10 Geary st.
PAINTER, paperhanper, tinter; sober and
steady: wants work; living with parents.
Box 2783, Call offlce.
WANTED — By a general blacksmith, a Job in
city: good horeeshoer. Box 2S71. CalL
WANTED — By a young Scotch-Canadian, a
respectable job in city. Box 2870, Call.
WANTED — A position an porter in wholesale
paint houise. Box 2SK9. Call offlce.
SITUATION "wanted as valet* good ref«r«nc*s.
Address ."17 Castro st.
BOY wants pO3itlcn as messenger. Box 2922,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by cook. Eox 2041. Call
offlce.
SITUATION wanted by large boy. Eox 2310,
Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by coachman. Box 2912.
Call offlce.
BOY wants work. Box 29"55. Call offlce.
SCHOOLBOY wants a job on Saturday. 13 IS
Folsom Bt.
SMALL boy wants to learn the printing trade.
Box 2910. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as copyist. Address box
2026. Call offlce.
BOY would like to learn the harness trade.
Address box 2911. Call office.
EXPERIENCED plumber wishes a position
in city. Box 2021. Call offlce.
WANTED — A steady, sober man wants posi-
tion as janitor. Address 1S03 Folsom st.
BOY wants position as offlce boy In a law-
yer firm. Box 2S72. Call offlce.
W ANTE D— Work as dTshwasher. Apply 47
Third tt. GEORGE HAYES.
WANTED — A position by young man on chick-
en ranch. Box 2873, -Call offlce.
STRONG boy wants position as porter in bank
where he can raise himself. Address box
2880. Call offlce.
WANTED — Job In country town as grocery
__clerk. JACOB BOTH. C6S Folsom st.
BOY 15 years old wants to learn watch-
. maker's tra-1e. Box 2SS3, Call offlce.
YOUNG, man with references would like po-
sition In .wholesale house. Box 2SS4. Call.
YOUNG man wants place to learn a trade.
" Box 2S9S. Call offlce. . "
WANTED — Position on ranch. Box 2*96, Call
offlce.
WANTED — Situation as second butcher In
first-class hotel. G. HILL. 452 Natoma et.
YOUNG marrl*d bartender wants steady em-
ployment; city. Address box 2902. Call.
YOUNG man wants work: city or country; any
kind of work. Eox 2800. Call offlce.
BY middle-aged man as clerk. Address box
2S92, Call office.
BOY would like to .learn the plumbing trade.
Addre«3 box 29U3, Call offlce.
BRIGHT boy wants wcrk, city or country;
good jobbing man. Box 2901, Call.
STRONG bov wlnhcs to work in factory.
Box 2959, Call.
EXPERIENCED man wants Fltnatlon in the
country as teamster. Box 2967. Call.
SCHOOLBOY wants a Saturday job. Box 2933.
Call offlce.
WANTED— By a bright boy. 14 to drive doc-
tor's buggy. Call 32S»4 Tenth st.
YOUNG man ■ wants position as clerk. Box
2SSfi. Call office..
SITUATION as night watchman. Box 25S5,
Call offlce.
W A NTED— A position as watchman. 1000
Twenty-second st.. cor. Potrero ave.
A YOUNG, -flrst-class carpenter wants work
for r compariy. Box 2S50. Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes a position as a sales-
man in. a drygoods store. Box 2S4S. Call.
A YOUNG man wants position to learn bar-
keeping: steady and reliable. Box 2S47. Call.
i .;
■ROY —ants work on Saturday. Box 2778. Call.
A FIRST-CLAFS die and toolmaker wants
position. Address box 2555, Call offlce.
AN old man want* to do light work. Box 2S32,
Call office-, /
YOUNG —an wants a rosition as cashier In a
bank. Box 2S53, Call offlce.
BARBER wants Saturday work. A. EVANS,
154 Tehama «t.
YOUNG man of 23. with references, would
lllie work aa tearcater. Box 2763, Call offlce.
A BOY would like a good, steady job. 502
Bryant st. -
SITUATION as a waiter wanted by a young
man. Address box 27S<>, Call offlce.
BOY would llkV a dc sitlon la office. Box 2751,
Call/ office.
YOUNG man wishes position. Box 2773. Call
office.
MAN wants situation to take care of garden.
Box 2»99, Call offlce.
PAINTING, tinting, paperhangins man with
tools. 3>i Mary st.
FIRST-CLASS copy. man. 1134 Market St..
room 14. -
WANTED — Work as porter. GEO. YOUNG,
744 Howard st.
WANTED— Work as gardener. Apply DAVE
DOYLE. 114 Silver st.
ROY wants situation. Box' 2756. Call.
CLKRK —ants position. W. DAVIS. SCO Tay-
lor st. -
STOUT boy wants job; good references. Box
2302. Cull office.
WANTED — Position aa barkeeper. S. WOLF.
1S47 Ellis st.
BOY", U. would like iKf ition " as offlce boy.
Box _:>7tV Call offlce.
WANTED— 1'Ofltion as bartender: country ref-
ei nee. J. SHERWOOD. 71a Market st.
MAN would like Job aa porter. Uux 2371, Cal!
• office.
A SOBER, Industrial » young man wishes po-
sition ats clerk. Hox 27*>5. Call office.
WANTED— Situation n» hostler. lUi.K D«L;>ng
avenve. •
WANTED — Position with photographer: ail-
round. S. C. CURTIS, box 2772, Call.
BOY wants position. AdJress P. D. Q.. Csll
offlce. '
WANTED — Position as tlm ekf'i-xr In factory:
references. A. B., 810 Eleventh s:..
STOUT t>vy wants Job; good refer*nce.«. Box
23fi2. Call oificc.
POSITION— Night WMtcfcmcn. Box 2330. Call.
BAKER on bread and cake; firnt dais. Ad-
dress Haker. 1»52 South Park. San Francisco.
BOY wishes position in electrical works. 2G43
Kolscm st. ... .
I WANT to take charge of gentleman's place
. in absence of ownsr. Box , 2.175, Call.
• WANTED — Position as salesman en r^a<J. Box
_:i7«i. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants po'ition "In electric works.
Box A B C. <%11 offlce.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith wants work hy the
day. Addr««s WO Fourth ave., Richmond.
BOY would like position In office. G. W..
23'5A Seventh St. ■
BOY wants position to learn butcher trade.
Box 2790. Call. •
WANTED— A Job in a bank. Box 2403, Call
offlce. |
WANTED— A Job In the Postofflce. Box 2101,
Call office. ;
YOUNG man wants Dositlcn in iron foundry:
$3 1 per day. -Address box 2402. Call office.
YOUNG man want* position &s atMetl; di-
rector. J. Craie. Golden West Athletic Club.
-SITUATION wanted — Barber., flret-clane youns
, American desires position at mountain resort
for season 1004: steady, reliable; city refer-
ence. Stan* particular?, etc. Box 2241, Call.
A RELIABLE, sober and industrious man
Wishes . work of any kind:' city -or country;
• write-' a gc>ori hand and is quick at figure*.
■ Box ?C-'7, Call office. ■ .-. .<
SITUATION wanted— Middle-aged man. small
I ' family, wmnts ranch or country home to take
care of; wares or- shares. , Address J. M.
- STARK. 157 Ninth st.
WANTED — Position by mechanic, plumber and
tinner: In cltv or countrv. Box 2562. -Call.
KMPI.OYME.\T WAXTED — MALE.
A GOOD varnisher on pianos, antique end ma-
hogaay furniture, wants work; reasonable.
Box 2229. Call office.
BOY 15 yearn old would like position In offlce:
knows bookkeeping. C. W.. 23_i Seventh st.
PIPE fitter, machine operator and diemaker.
143 Sixth st.. city.
HOUSE painter. Al stage hand, wants work
by day or job; Eastern man. Box 222S. Call.
EXPERIENCED structural draughtsman, col-
lege- rraduate. civil engineer, wants position
at bridge or general building work. Write
box 431U. Call offlce.
__
CIVIL engineer, college graduate. 2 years* ex-
perience as «ur\eyor. wants position at rail-
road wcrk. Bcx 4-117. Call office.
COLORED boy. 22 years old. would like place
in private family or to drive a wagun:
knows, the city well and knows how to do
porter 4 ani Janitor work. Box 161S. Call.
YOUNG, sober, experienced roan; care for
horses, carriages, drive, etc.; garden work
ana tillk: willing: moderate wages; refer-
ences. Hox 22C0. Call offlce.
COMPETENT painter, paperbanper, tiater.
rober and steady, wants wcrk by the day
for private parties, hotel or institution, city
er country. Bcx 2137. Call offlce.
A TRUSTWORTHY man, .JO. wants position
as night watchman: can furnish references.
Address I. B., 758 Fol?om st.
FIRST-CLASS clothing- salesman wants po-
eitlon. country town; best references. Box
2154, Call offlce.
CAPABLE man. 26. desires »om> responsible
position, bookkeeping, clerical or statistical
work. Bcx 2146. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS wineman (German) wants ps«l-
"tion In wine and liquor business. . KCHET..-
LER. 5_ East Twelfth St.. East Oakland.
CHIROPODIST, flrst-cl%ss. wants position:
state salary Address Doctor. 1523 Powell
St., city.
WAXTED — Position as exercise boy on track.
Box 222O. Call office.
BOY "wants position as blacksmith's helper.
Box 2218. Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy in good small family. T. SATAKE. 7u3
Larktn. phone Polk 37S2.
JAPANESE couple want situation; man good
exp. cook 15 years, wife do housework or
wait on table; city or cduntry. M. KASA-
NO, 423 Stevenson st.
A GOOD-LOOKING. industrious. patriotic,
honest, brlrht. willing and obliging young
Japanese fchoolboy desires a good position as
schoolboy help; .•■; a week. .Box 2215, Call.
A JAPANESE youns man wants a position In
nice famllv: experienced cock; wage* $6 up
a week. HENRY. Phone Larkln 343.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as plain
cook or laundry: very experienced: formerly
laundry boy. J. TANAKA. 51S Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy wants pe«ltion as a plain
cook and hou»ework. E. T.. 1543 Larkln st.
JAP Jeslr«» position. Call R. E. SLE1G-
HOLM. 131 Po»t «f.
FEATHER IlEXO VATIXO.
OSTRICH feather and boas remodeled, curled
and waterpioofed; gives a luster equal to
new; can be worn a season without lesing
curl. Potter Waterproofing Co.. 50 Geary st.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van N*-ss ave. : tel. Howard 3167.
FPKMTttlt- FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat; sun in every
room; everytnlng clean and ready to live in:
will be ready 24th; rent $25; location. How-
ard and 22d ets. Call 403 Valencia, cor. 15th.
HOUSEHOLD goods by private party." Includ-
ing bedroom sets, gas rang?, sewing machln?,
rugs, etc.: sacrifice. C60 35th at.. Oakland.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms for sale: must sell
by March 5. Box 2904. Call offlce.
FCR.MTURE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture nd mdse. I_ K.
BURP. auctloneer.lSIS M kt.: tel. Howard 2756
F1XASCIAI-
4*^ PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary, savings accounts and r»
I.er cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association, 518 California
st. A. A. Watkins, uresident; Charles It.
Bishop, vice president; S. Fr<n tl9S Smith,
treasurer: Clarence Grange, secretary and
manag-ins director; Gavin McNab." attorney;
Georre C. Bosrdman and Charles E. Laid,
dlrectcrs: Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $S.060.00o: paid In capi-
tal. 81.C0O.U0O; reserve fund, $200,000.
WE buy and sell all active stocks and bends:
also 'hlgh-claes mcrtcages; carefully selected
•securities always on hand offered at from
lw cer rent to SO per cent below regular
pric» r list r.f 50O bargains in well-known
stocks free on request; get our quotations
before buying elsewher?. WATT & COW-
PER-THWAITE, Investment Brokers, Stock-
ton, Cal.
COMPANIES incorporatea. rinanced and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Aeent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
LOANS on pianos and furniture; private party.
417 Haywards building.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co..' 245-253 Geary
St., on the square. |
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in r.ur renting department; let us give
you a Hat and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
SEVENTH avi-. and Like st.: new, sunny, «!-
room Crper flat: beautiful outlook over a
Presidio Park: 67 Seventh ave.; rent $30;
Eddy-st. car to Sixth ave. and Lake st.
COLE. 7flb — New upper sunny corner flat: 6
rooms and bath; must be seen to be appre-
ciated; rer.t $40.
JONES. 37-'». corner Ellis — Modern sunny flat
of 3 rooms and bath. VON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. 613 California st.
LOWER flat. 21S8 Fifteenth st.. near Noe;
rent reasonable: new and modern; 6 rooms
and beth.
A NK\V 7-room flat: latest improvements;
nearly finished. Mlfslon st.. bet. 23d and 21th.
FOLSOM. cor. Twenty-fifth— 6 sunny rooms;
modfrn middle flat.
FULTON. 1502 — Modern sunny flat of 8 rocms;
new.
LARGEST list of houses and fiats to let. Call
. on LYON £ HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MASONIC ave.. 1901; near Frederick— Very
modern new 5-room flat; lower; rent $27 50.
MrALLIPTER. 1931; bet. Lyon st. and Central
ave. — New upper flit; C r., bath: *l?Fantly tin.
NEW *»-rcftm sunny flat, bath and basement.
270 Ninth ave-.. near Clement St.; rent $27 50.
NEW sunny upprr and middle 9-room social
hallv. grand view city. 023 Pierca st.
SHIPLEY. J5I — A flat of 7 rooms; rent $15.
SMALL flat, some furniture If- wanted; rirg
electric bell. l f -01 California i>t.
UPrER and.lowur flats. 19T1-1D35 California
St., near Geugh; mui<t be seen to be appre-
ciated; rcnH reasonable. .-
$;»0— E1GHT-KOOM new flat. 1430- Broderick
. st.. near Post.; phone Scott 2CCG.
$25: A MODERN upper flat of 7 room's and
brth. • 1113 Turk at, near Laguna.
COTtOOM *-jnny lowtr flats. 226H Halrht St.;
r»at $27 TO. . ■ •■■ -
I- LATS .'I'll LKT — KU KM SUED.
E—DY. 51*— An upper flat of 8 rooms;- sunny
all day; veil furnished: a bargain.
, FOR rent — Sunny furnished flat to couple
without children. Apply 1104 Haight st.
NEWLY -furnished flat.. C rooms and bath.
3905 Seventeenth St.. cor Market; rent $45.
■ ———■———————«—•■—- -—■————————•—————•
FLAT?* KOU MtK — Kl KMMIKI).
FOR SALE — At once, furniture of a 5-room
flat, complete; all re*; flat to let; sunny,
i call afternoons. 3270 Twentieth st.
11 -ROOMS. S rooms nicely furnished;- price.
MT.0: no trouble t" r»ni rooms. Call between
1 and 4 p. m.. 112& Laguna
I FOR «ale — Furniture. carv»t*. etc.. for K-roc.Ti
modem =-:: rent enly $22; rartl-s leaving
city. Call £!7« Eighteenth, near Mlrsion.
i CHKAP — Brauti:ult>. newly lurnlsheU . flat. •;
roornr: complrte. Call afternoons. 1224 Web-
tttr n. . ' . . :
FLATS U'A.NTEU.
SMALL flat.-- furnished or unfurnished." to be
occupied by April; thia side - Flllmore.' - Box
• 2249. Call office.
HELP — 'AATED— -FEMALE.
TWO cook*, no washing :...... ..J35
C<x>k. 2 family. little washing $ ..'.
4 cocks, German style: .*:<v *:;."»
;: i'r-itestam gir's. hjusework *4l»
Laun Jresj : .^SO
Chambenriaict and laundress. San Rafael. $2J
4 second girls, city and country $^3
§:: nurse K.ris " Sir»-S2 | >jr*»
Ir. Tan: nurse, references required <■"«»
English nurse .- *3l>
2 waitresses for country hotel .$25
Bell girl, family hotel *L"»
Waitress, in-titution. country *25
I>inin«-n'om girl, orphanage.. .....(2O
Kitch*n heli.«r $20
Ircner* for country laundry $10 week
We have a larze number of situations for
housework In American families at $23 and
*-{». Call on J. y. CKUSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter at.
A TRAINED nuise for children's Institution.
*5o. f.. _Td and room: »ee party here Mon-
. day . -i 2: a. laundrras anit i.-harnbe-maiil.
small family: a waitress and - parlor maid,
small family. s.;i\ a first-class cook, small
ia:i:l!y. $40; a capable housemaid with ref-
erences from a urlvat? family. *i0; a capa-
ble lady's mala to travel, »^5; roust, jive
reftrmo a* a maid: a kitchen maid tor
private family, $!••> a month; a German. cook
lor a German family, t'H>: a nurse for aa
infant, $„: a good second girl for 2 -in
Ianmy. in San Mateo. *■"!(,'. a Eirl for cba~-
b^rmald in Drirate family, San Mateo.' $"-*.
MlriS" PLCNKETT. 4% Sutter St.. near
. Powell. Offlce open S:-':i> a. m. ; closes 5:^0
p. m. share; not ou»n Sundays.
A— THE DOMESTIC C£~~ 23.J Geary, r. 3«.
Cook and second girl $ r -0
Nurse, experienced. 8 months baby and JV-
year-old child $20
Chambermaid, seamstress, speak French.. $23
HOUSEWORK.
6 in family, every modern convenience. J»P
doas a!l heavy work, nice room. flat.... 125
HOUSEWORK.
San Mateo. for 3 in family. Swiss or German
■ preferred, fine place $30
A— WAJ'TED- Girls to learn halrdre ssing.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now: 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at 910 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring •em-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
■ in 1 month for $15: positions as' trimmers,
salesladies*, etc.. guaranteed at $1O per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— "LADIES to learn all branches haird— •ssia*
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 12S8 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room M: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call..
LADIES— $3 to |15 paid weekly, doing plaia
newing at home: experience unneceesary: ma-
terial sent free everywhere: send stamped ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Weber Mfg.
Co.. 1135 Broadway, New York.
LADIES— $S to $15 paid weekly, doing plain
sewing at home; material sent free every-
where; send stamped en'welop* for particulars.
Weber Manufacturing Co., 1135 Broadway,
New York.
$10 WEEKLY to ladies working for us; home:
materials free; send for beautiful lace medal-
lion. Instructions and designs. PAL—A H.
CO.. 126 Liberty St.. New York.
_FIRST-c!ass operators for straw hat machine:
experienced help on box machine preferred:
best wages; steady work. Apply to HINZ A
LANDTVInc.. wholesale millinery.543 Market.
YOUNG woman of pleasing address able to
act on reception committees. Apply Sunday
afternoon Ye ■ Liberty Playhouse, Broadway
and Fourteenth st., Oakland.
LADIES — To do rl'cework home; we furnish
material?: ray $7 to $12 weekly. $end
stamped envelope to Royal Co.. 34 East Moo-
roe st.. Chicago.
LADIES having doilies, cent3rpiec.es. Hatten-
berg and drawn— crk to sell address Ladles'
Exchange. 34t> Monroe st.. Chicago.
LADIES — Most profitable steady home work: $9
to $15 wet-kly; material free; no canvassing.
Addrees Surety Co.. Chicago.
TO make sales by letter: good income: Inter-
esting work; inclose 10c. P. O. bcx 43.
i;*rkeiey, Cal. V
WANTED — First-class cook: experienced per-
5«<in preferred. Apply 2t> Sherwood place, off
Third, bet. 8-1! a. m.. Monday morning.
LESSONS given in cutting, fitting for ladi?<
tailoring or any i>art taught. HO_NIQ.
S19 Post st.
WOMAN to do mending, institution, country.
$25 a month and found. t'AL. EMP. AGEN-
CY. 14 TMrd st.
LADY partner j n show, singer preferred, of
small figure, to assist in sleight of hand act.
. Box 1MC5. Call. '
WAXTED — Stenographer and to assist on
lie>ok«: Rood penman: salary $.">0. with chance
for, advancement.. Inquire 116 Lyon st. to-day.
GIRL wanted to label and trim cigar boxes:
paper box worker would do. ELLIS A GAU-
T A DINE. 22« Fremont st.
AN artistic hairdresser and manicurist; com*
p*"t»nt to take charge of a department. Box
_:;as. Call office.
YOCNG girl to assist In general housework;
small family; no children; $15. 1422 O'Far-
rell st.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl for light
hnuseworic. >*M Hampshire st., -between
Nineteenth ami Twentieth.
STENOGRAPHER and cashier; must be good
looking and pleasing manner. Box 10&5, Call
offlce. Oakland.
WANTED-— First-class experienced millinery
saleslady: also first-class maker. 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland.
MACHINE girl and finisher on vests. 641H
Stevenson st. ■ f ■ -
MAKER and apprentices at millinery. 131
Post st.
WANTED — Intelligent, capable your.g ladies as
nur3es. The Thomas Sanatorium. 2233 Post.
GOOD second trimmer; also maker and appren-
tice. 72 Geary st.
WOMAN to establish branch offlce In State.
Box 2372. CalK
WANTED — A strong girl to sweep. 940 How-
ard.
NEAT girl to care for child. 103 Sanchea
rtr— 't. ' •
WANTED— Lady ■ stenographer -for city. Bo*
2«66, Call office. .
ORGAN ttacher wanted. 148 Silver it.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for fancy goods
ttore. Box 296S, Call.
WOMAN for general work early Monday mora-
lng. 649 Third st. '
YOUNG girls to learn fringe business. Ap-
ply at 411 Marketeer "
LADIES for correspondence work: no solicit-
ing; Inclose 10c particulars. 11C4A OTarrell.
GIRL to assist In light housework. Apply
6Sa Webster st.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework. 893
Fulton st.. near Fillmore.
GIRL for housework: small Cat; $13. Call
tl) to 11) 15T>3 Fulton at.
GIRL wanted for general housework: wage*
$10;' good home. Box 2214. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED chocolate dipper; piece work.
Apply 224 Battery st.
REFINED girl for light housework. car» of
children. l'JCO Geary st. . ... .
APPRENTICE for millinery. Apply at' 328
Hayes st. :,>?. ■
YOUNG girl to do general housework. Ad-
dress by letter. .X J. P.. 815 Larkln st.
FIRST-CLASS manicurist and chiropodist. La
Verlte Toilet Co., 10 Kearny st.
WANTED — A housekeeper in gentleman's fam-
ily in Elmburst. Box 2731. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED arm waitress wanted; P a
week; (open house restaurant). C31 CTay St.
GIRL to wash dishes and mako herself useful;
$10 a month. _"C>"_ Mission st.
DRESSMAKING — Helpers and paid appren-
tices wanted. 1G03 Geary st.
A REFINED woman as nurse for Infant: stats
wages-. Box _78*. Call offlce.
WANTED — A girl for housework at —20 Derby
«t.. Berkeley.
WANTED — Glr! to do Itsht housework. 1122
. Pierce «t. ,
A NEAT girl: housework; good wages; refer-
ences. 647 Felt st., near Webster.
EX PERIEXCEft'. operate.™ <*» ladies' uadrr-
wear at 11B7 Fo!som at. H. KLAS.
WANTED— Youns Swedish girl. _7S Ml3i!Jn
street.
AN apprentice " at f:r»s«;Tnakinjf; pa!ti wail*
learning. 3212 Tn e.ity-fuurth st.
A YOUNG sirl ti _^s!ft with hOOMVorS:
wages $10.. . Address 1D4.*! Lron tt.,
V.'ANTKIi — Girl to d.> cook>n{ a-vl •lo*n- p .ur>
work: *Ct> Apply "C «a«f. «t.
PROFITABLE rrc ploym.nt for l:»die*. Write
Deft F California Culleg? of Phutosraphy.
Falo A'to. Cal. ____________________
For' Additional ClassWetl Advcrtlse-
ments Sec l*a_— ■ Fortjr-Sl_
4546
HELP WANTED — FEMA _y5z~S^^l—
OOOtt nesrf co^k: sro.-xi vrzjgcs. App'- V tu-day
. _l iirt. Miff ion st.
' A REFINi:n your.g r.on-.an wanted as nurse
' I..r small ch"ild. must be unir.cumbered and
«-o-r.e well rec-mmes-idea; rtate snlary «•
iwcted. Box 2807. Call.
A GOOD home for cultured your.g woman as
nurse for Fma.ll child: salary $20 per month.
Box 2?PS. Call.
WOMAN to do n-.endinc in institution, near
city $"■ a month ar.d found. Cal. Emo.
Agency. M TMrd ft. j
CHOCOLATE dipper wanted; must be flrct
cl«*5: good wages; steady petition. B. J. j
BAUM. 1141 Howard St.
A PEST operaior: steady work; good wages.
Apply £. X. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary et.
HELP WANTED — aIA _^
■
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 1S5.
W_rCerrs«n. country hotel $*■">
Cook *nd helper, couitry hotel ?<K> ]
Marker *nd distributer, eoutitry laundry. *4o i
Man and wife, marker and distributer: \
wife mangl.- elrl; coui.lry hotel, fares
. paid ICO !
Ba>.er. institution MO !
Sorar*' teair.ister?. ranch $25 found j
Vegetable jrari;«-i:er $.'lu ;
C. R. HANSEX tc O> 429 Bufh st.
AT THE CAU EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third St.; phone Bush 4i;5.
10 boUenamkerR. south. New Mexico. $o $i>
a da} ; FKHK FARE.
IttKan i«olio:ti~i . $'2 a day.
Slavonian EoUcftor. i'2 a d=y- -'
Your.g ins:i lor orchard. $'JU an* board; boss |
here to-<5«V: fare paid.
Man on e«!ig tri!i;ni*r. sawmill. $10 a !
ironlh hjTA lK>r.r<5; wood turner. $3 50 a day. j
■ __^ — —
WANTED — An up-to-.iate. live burners man, j
with good habit; ani addr^si-. Lo canvass on j
commission the State of California for the :
•ale of unuvealr liadr*? and medal?, fuited ;
to the Masonic. Knights Templar and other j
societies, must be u. si>)d ili-e^ser an.l con- !
ver*:nt witU the r/ar.tt, of such societies; a |
member of tb? crof: cr*f-rr-<3. frr.m whoin j
reference* will l»e required. For further I
S»rtlcuU.rs write to THi: CHAS. M. KOB- j
INS COMI'ANY. Attteboro. Ma^.
T^ ~i7~ ' ' ' l '
Men to ]«*arn the barter trade In two month* |
-. and secure gjed j>otltiuns; catalogue and full i
Information nailed free. MOLER £j«tem !
Co!:e«e, i^i."> Clay st. j
TRAVELING 5ale»:nan for California: no •
tt-chi.k-al k:.owledce. but active, all-round !
busier: established, well-rated house. I 7 . R.
JENNINGS. Sal^g Msx.. I>etrolt. Mich.
TVANTED— 10 men in each State to travel,
taok f.snf- and distribute circulars and 5am- j
plefc of our Suods; salary $C<» per month, $3 !
p*r d«y fcr ext«er.tes. KirHLMAN CO..
Dtpt. F K, Atlas block. Chicago.
A BRIGHT young man for office to handle
agents ?.nd kec-i books; permanent position; j
great future; go<>.1 *a!ary; must have $500 I
ea*h. Box :.*S?o. Call. ;
EXPERIENCED palefmen for staple line dry j
Sf(vj«. millinery and general; good position. !
JOS. BBEEJff. 10S Walnut ct.. St. Louis, Mo. I
MEN everywhere: good pay; to distribute cir-
ouiarf. a<iv. matter, tack flgns. etc; no I
.*(tBVWdB(. National Adv. Bureau. Chicago, j
BOTfi, 30-15. wanted to sine Sun<5ay mornings |
in t-jh'jrtjon church; salary and expenses. I
• T'.otl 21. V.. C-II office.
MEN ev«ry»h*-re, gi.-cd pay. to distribute cir-
. cularf. «icv. matter, tack Bicns. etc: no can- j
vasMiig. National Adv. Bureau, Chicago. •
LAWYER wanteii to represent us fn San Fran-
ciscn and vicinity. CORPORATE TRl'ST
• COMPANY. 1110 F 5t.. Washington. D. C. !
WANTED — A nm-class traveling salesman for j
s larr 1 ? local tailoring firm; do not apply un- j
"• less thoroughly experienced. Box 2H43, Call, j
. ■ 1
.WANTED — Four :nen of fine appearance, who ;
are willing to work hird for bis pay. Box
2S4fi, Call office.
WANTED — strong toy to work In factory. L.
BIANCHIN1. <VW Market St.: too floor, first
. ■ door to the right.
——————— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — 1
DETECTIVES — Everywhere; good salary: no I
fexpfrienr*. International Detective Agency, ;
Milwaukee. Wlf.
WANTED— Night watchman to run elevator !
and take care of elevator machine. Call at '
. the Ilo't! Savoy. Pest and Powell ets.
WANTHI* — A handy rr-an to work in second- :
hand furniture store; one of experience. H. !
. BCHELLHAAS. Oakland. j
•WANTED— A* carr*enter for finish work; non-'
' union. Apply 1ii30 Fair Oaks ave., near En- j
clnal Park station. Alameaa.
-WANTED— 2 mechanic*, with $1500 each, to
-. take a well-established and paying business;
or suitable for man and wife. Box 2406, Call.
WANTED-- Bookkeeper for country bank. Box
. 2233. Call ofnc».
WANTED— Boy at 439 Eddy »t. f
BOY frr dental office. Addrers W. E. P..
; box 2976, Call office, j
tt'AKTBD ' Wf s Sf m> I boy about 14 for office.
Osra hardu-rltlng, P. O. box 2JMS; reference.
SAILORS wanted at 7 Vallejo st.
FIRFT-CLAES muffin baker. Apply 0 a, m.
to 2 r. rn. 6 Eddy st.. room 46.
BUY to dirtrit>ute sample*. Call 187 Steven-
; son St.. Monday. S a. m.
••OFFICE boy in ■wrioleFale house; hours 7 to G; j
give- age and wages wanted. Box 2O4S. Call, j
■WANTED — Good real estate eolicitor; state ex- I
rTience. Box 287H. Call. '
I*O V wanted for printing office. S09 Mission
fct.. fourth floor. !
•WANTED— fiit reliable young Protestant, white i
American men, IS to 21 years. Box 2090. Call.
MANAGER insurance: experience; bond re-
quired. Tiox 27!»S. Call office.
WANTED — M0 costs to make. 229 Steven-
f>on «t.
• WANTED— First tenor for male Quartet, Ad-
dress box 277S«, Call office.
WANTED— TJnrbc-r. 2«9 Howard fst.
WANTEI* — I'*' men so unload schooners. 70
?trv( nw>n st.
WANTED — P.right, neat cash boys. Appfjr su-
perintendent's office, the Emporium.
BOY wanted. (iU Grova st.
ASSIPTANT office ra*hie r ; salary $100; must
deposit $<iGO cash security. Box 2397. Call.
RELIABLE boy to distribute rambles. Call
. lf>9 Tenth St.. after 8 a. m. Monday.
WANTED— Flrst-claes ber.cn hand. 126 Eddy
mreet.
WINDOW '-leaner. SS;5 Haicfct st.
WANTED- Boy. U years eld. to wash dishes.
HK.-S Kentucky gt.
GOVERNMENT i^sittons— More than 15,000
appointments last year: chanceg even better
now; examinations toon in San Francisco;
thousands prer>ared by the Nat'l Correspond- '
rz\rt Institute. Wash., D.C.. the originator <if
this wojk. now in the service; write for circu-
lar J 1. showing positions, salaries, examina-
tions, sample <iue*tions-. etc., to our Pacific
Coast office. 0^7 Market et.. San Kranclsco.
AMATEUR, photographers wanted to take our
mail course free; write at once. California
College of Photugrarhy. Dept. E.. Palo Alto.
Cal.
TRY our men's ehoe«. union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic Ehoea,$*k 00; b«rt shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Ksam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 47S Parrott building.
WANTED — 6 cutters. 20 coat makers. 15 vest
rr.akers. J5 panu makers; ready for work
March 1. Hcouh Plaid Tailors.lOOa Market st.
■ HAVE j-our ehecs ihined at 225% Fifth St. ''
for 5c
BOY wsnted at S. N. Wood & Co.'s. to learn
par.ts prtyrlng. Apply at 27 Geary sL
STEADY married German: handy; slso tend
. bar; winchousc. Hex 2SJ9. Call office.
WANTED — Elderly man on chicken ranch Ad-
dxet-s t.ox 22^0. Call t-ffice. ' 1
HOY wentcd. 3 Eddy et.. room 2.
WANTED — A good salesman. Room 213, Em-
ma Epreckels bldg.. 027 Market st.
WANTED — Thoroughly reliable and capable
man as eolicliing manager for northern
URpr.cy of Industrial investment company;
' exceptional opportunity for profitable con-
nection. Address box 2144. Call office.
EARNERS, take notice — The office of secre-
tary eni Free Employment Bureau ha« re-
moved to ft City Hall eq.. or 1504 Market et.
Journeymen Jiarbcrs' Union, Local 14S, JOS.
Jt. BLEILY. Secretary.
ISO YOUNC men. 18 rear* of age. to organize
military organization. Call S. SZANIK. 473
Valencia tt.. bet. U and 8 p. m.
JAPANESE schoolboy wanted. 2078 Mission
•treat.
| HELP W4VTED MALE— Contliinfil.
I .MUitRAY & KEADY, C31-636 Clay street.
j Phone Main 5S4S.
; Leading* Employment and Labor Agents.
! In lftoa we cave . In l»04 we hope to
; Employment to (50.000. Increase that number
I Office Open To-day— Sunday.
, 10 a. m. to 12 m.
To State of
j 20 t«?arr«t€>rF, JfiO: 20 laborers, *C0: 15 rock-
; men and driller."". 2 years' Job; S hours day;
I ehlp to-nixbt; fart refunded.
Arizona.
! Land of Sunshine.
Arizona. Shir Dally. Arizona.
Close to Prescott. »10 Mil's. $0 10
r^;o laborer*, etc.. . for construction work.
good wtges.
Ship To-NIght
Via Arizona. Via
S. F. & P. &. P. R. R. S. F. &. P. &. P. R- R-
Stone mason, neai- city. $4 day; blackemlth,
woods. M5 ami found; blaster n-.oldmftker.
terra ectta works; cooper, slack work.
MINES'.
6 miners, i.and work, north. $2 75 day; 3
miner*, youth, sold n;Ine, $S2 50.
CHOREMEN. GARDENERS.
I Milker and wife. Sonoma cour.ty; gardener
j and wife. ee« boss here, ?40 and house; mar-
i ri«*d gardener, near city, $50: farmer and
j Rife, $45 and found; choreman. country:
Karti*:ner. r.iiistry. near city, $12 week; gar-
dener. country, »'iuth, s-.e boss h*re; job-
bine sard»ner, city.
' Young -ran for rrocery sto>rt. 520 and fd;
! 4 ot^er c-ookn: ■waiter, country Louvre, $35
and found; 5 IwaitPT.s other Jobs; baker, In-
rtltutlon. n<-ar city. $10 anil found: cake
bake--, country. f«> ar.d found: til*hwash?rs.
kitrht-n hand^ elevator boy, $15 and found;
farm hanrt. ; . milkers, thoremen; 6 Portu-
jrues-e ml!k«rrs>, ?.'10 and $;!5 and found;
milker, faiv ra'd, $30 and found; chimney
sweep, city, steady Job, £cod wage?.
At
MURRAY & READY':*. C34-«36 Cay st.
I A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
-520 MONTGOMERY— 52»>.
; Phone Main 1191 UPSTAIRS.
11 carmen, mine, south, $60.
j Foreman, street grading work, near city; T.
young men tabout IS years) work in nosh anti
door factor}', ncrth. $1 M day and increase;
general farr.ier. stock ranch. $35 and found;
milker, pouth. ?"5 and found.
COAL MIXERS FOR NEW MEXICO
20 lalwrery. ITAH: 2i» teamster*. 20 laborers,
NEVADA; S hours; •! years' job.
I • — — , •
! GROCERY clerk for country. ?"•*»: *hoe sales-
man. $17 r»i» week: Italian salesman. $75:
niilkrr*. $2" 50. $3i» ar.d $35 and found:
timber fuller, Sfi.*. and board; crosscut saw-
J >er. $.'<5 and board; errand boy; baker. $12
wee?; and found: cook. $S0 anil found; waiter
' anil wife $50 and found and others. J. K.
CRO^ETT & CO.. «?28 Sacramento st.
A BUTLER and valet combined; $50; must
l>rlnff ri">r-nce from last place. MISS
PLI'NKETT, VIZ Putter st.. near Powell.
! Thi.s office ciKtik at 8:30 a. m.; closes 5:30
p. m. fharii.
BRIGHT younc man for tea and crockery
store; cood chance for advancement: r«fer-
i «ices required. Apply fl to 11 a. m., Co-
lumbia Tea <"o.. KW7 Market st^
j WANTED— Bright solicitors for "War Between
\ Rutcia and Japan," by Murat Haistead; best
book: big book; enormous demand; big profits;
■ freight paid; credit given; outfit free. The
! Dominion Company. Dept. B., Chicago.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade In 8 weeks for $15 under competent
ttacher. Western College of Barbers. 647
Commercial st.. San Francisco.
I WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
j FIRST-CLASS two-chair barber shop. 63 miles
from city; good business; for sale or ex-
change for city shop. L. DE RITIS. 338
Green st.. city.
I GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14,
: fifth floor, 3P5 Larkin st., for free Information
: as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
: or evenings.
! TRY our men's shoes, union mode, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; form-foot shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 EIUs St.; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured : pensions.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenter*, green hands and
sailors for whaling. Dent's place. 20 Steuart.
' MAN to &o Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
! Barber School. 741 Howard St.
! SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Aoply DENT'S place, 26 Steuart st.
•■ Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
i WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
j ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading-rooms;
J free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
i A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to -V>c. 563 Ml»slon St.. bet 1st and 2d »te.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
REGULAR auction sales of horses, buggies,
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis st.'; all horses guaran-
teed to b« as represented. S. WATKINS,
Auctioneer. Phone Kast 743.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m., 327 Sixth St.. every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
! WANTED — A good, round horse and wagon,
j suitable for delivery; state age and weight
i of horse and condition of wagon. Box 2C02,
j Call office.
I 20 BUSINESS buggies, 5 small wagons. 5 rub-
ber tired park buggies and 5 surreys for
I sale cheap. 1504 Folsom st. '
i SOUND home; rides 6ln?Ie. double saddle: must
r>e sold to-day at a bargain. 60C Filbert st.
FOR sale at bargain — Light Brewster surrey
In fife condition. B. GRAVE CO.. i2i Pacific.
HORSE for sale; cheap. 1204 Webster st.
$15 EACH— Business buggy or surrey; worth
$l,%0. call to-day. 1S31 Eddy st.
WANTED — A cheap but sound delivery horse.
Apply with particulars box 23S8. Call office.
FOR sale — 3 Shetland ponies. 1512 Twenty-
fifth ave.. East Oakland.
GOOD cat wanted; bring cat to-day. 2578
Mission *t.
GOOD pasture wanted for 2 horse*. Box 2906,
Call office.
AVANTED— A buggy with top. Box 2925. Call
of flee.
RUBBER-TIRED cart for sale. 2C15 Har-
rison ft.
AUCTION every Tuesday, 11 a. m.. of horses,
wagons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon,
and cu-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mis*lon st.
Largest assortmt 24-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey.harr.es».work.drlvlnghorseK. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
X PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
FIND house of 9 rooms and bath: centrally
located: rent reasonable. 553 O'Farrell St.,
near Jones.
JACKSON. 2440 tnear Flllmore st.) — Elegant
house of 9 rooms and bath; must be seen
to be appreciated.
McALLISTER, 12©— 12 rooms, bath and bll-
liard-room; |60; water free; modern.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A- HOWELL. 25 Post St.
HOUSES TO LET Pt'RMSHBD.
A SPLENDID location; 10 rooms; nicely fur-
nished; bargain. 1555 Octavia st.,cor.Sutter.
HOUSE of 6 furnished rooms; chicken yard.
319 Fillmore. near Page: rent $15.
HOUSES 1'T'RMSHUI) FOR SALE.
stifiO; MUST sell to-day; parties going away;
6-roozned house; new furniture. 10OS Sut-
ter St.
FOR sale — A 12-room house-; nicely furnished;
$475: rent $3.Y S Hawthorne st.
IXVKST.1IK.NTS.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY ~~
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "set-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S F
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market nt.
LOST AND FOUND. .
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name- of MARGARET A. CONNELLY. No.
215-1141. The finder will please return to
bank. • _ ;
LOST— Saturday afternoon, on 1300 block, Mc-
Allister ct.. round . mourning pin. set with
pearls, diamond in center. Return i No ' Per-
centage Drug Co., 94tt Market, receive rwj.
LOST— Lady's eold watch," with sliver chain.
916 Greenwich ct.; reward.
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 3904;
LOST i: AND FOCXP— -Continue i.
LOST— A diamond ring at noon Friday. It
was trusted In a boy's care and will avoid
trouble and a liberal reward. Return to
223 Second ave.. Richmond District.
LOST— Pearl necklace and pearl locket with
diamond center; Sutter Kearny or Geary st.
Finder will receive liberal reward by return-
Ir.g same to 86 and 88 Firtt st.
LOST — Purse: between Sacramento beet. Port-
land steamer and Brannan and First . sts.
Liberal reward if returned to 80 and 88 1st st.
PHYSICIAN losing satchel Feb. 24, Fillmore
car. state reward to CHAS. THOMPSON.
225 Cros-ly bldg. . '
LOST— Fox terrier; license tag 4640. Return to
2123 Broadway, near Webster; liberal re-
ward.
LOST— Fox terrier; name "Baby"; belongs In-
valid child: llb.reward. C.V. Mlller.1084 Bush.
LOST— Irish setter dog; sore on right hip. Re-
turn to 79 Converse st. ; receive reward.
LOST — White fox terrier, small black epots on
ears; answers to name "Rip." 292 Laurel
ave.; reward.
LOST— Pearl necklace and pearl locket with
diamond center; Sutter. Kearny or Oeary st.
Finder will receive liberal reward by return-
ing same to SO and 88 First St. __^
LO6T or stolen — From 105 berry St.. a brown
spaniel dog, white forepaw, with llcensa
collar. Please return and receive reward. H.
P. A. STAHR. 105 Berry st.
$50 REWARD for return of circle brooch (6
diamonds. 0 pearls) lost in or noar Columbia
Thcuter February 15. SHREVE A CO.
LOST — Thursday, ladles' gold mounted purse,
containing bar-pin with seven diamonds; also
a pearl pin: liberal reward. 217 First st.
FOUND— In Oakland, package containing pho-
tographs of "Salty Bill" and stationery.
Apply 1118 Broadway. Call office.
FOUND— White bull terrier. Inquire of elec-
| trlcl&n. North Beach Powerhouse.
PERSONALS. .
WANTED — A few pupils to learn bookkeeping
free and pay for tuition from thtir earnings
after we place them In positions; can learn
at home in few weeks without loss of time
or. money; we guarantee It; we teach you;
free and get you a position; write for lnfor- ,
mation and free book "How to Succeed In
Business"; it tells how you can better your
position. Commercial Correspondence
Schools, Drawer A, Rochester, N. Y.
THE New Improved Refrigerator Company,
S. Di Vt-cchlo, manager, 276 Seventh et.. have
completed the remodeling of refrigerator of
P. F. Rathjen's pork packing establishment,
1C15-13W Pacific st. ; public are invited to in-
spect latest improved cold storage, with ab-
solutely sweatproof pans.
TANSLEY— Thomas Taylor Tansley. who left
Bedford. England, in 1SC2 for San Fran-
cisco, may hear of something to his ad-
vantage on communicating with MARK
WHYLEY socicltor, Bedford. England, or
T. E. G. CORMAC. 119 Bush st.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We havo
contracts with leading houses to take all
their 6hort ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do for ctsh. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 406 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338Polk
WANTED— Address of FRANK W. HILL and
sisters HARRIET J. and VICTORIA, of
Chillicothe. Ohio, about 1849; Important.
JOSEPH E. TAULMAN. Hubbard. Texas.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affect-
Ing skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured
by skillful specialist from Europe. Apply Cen-
tral Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.; worst cured.
RAG caroets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 7C0 Fifth St., Oakland.
A WOMAN'S friend: destitute free; secluded
home during confinement; - housekeeping
room* In connection If desired. MRS. DR.
EMIL1E FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
THE infallible system — The only copyrighted,
•successful method of keeping ahead of the
racing game; good for all time; price $1. For
rale by PITTS. 1008 Market st.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that Is the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
I HAVE purchased the business conducted at
1P.18 Hayes st.. known ap the Kentucky
Candy Kitchen. JOHN , ANDREW.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co., j
1373 Waller: consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored: pimples, wrinkles, I
all blemishes removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14. j
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure In 2
days or no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
097 Market St.. room 203.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS". London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla Hall, Howard St., near
Oth:' Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
CHALLENGE any ll.">-Jb. pugilist In the am-
ateur ranks. -Box 2389, Call office. - Man-
aged by O'Keefe.
A— $350— PARTNER; take cash; cigar stand;
$75 month guarantee. 33 Mason st.
J. W. SPARROW, jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st., has moved to 218 Post st.
HEWALD'S Furniture Polish for sale at 1S10
Market St.. bet.- Van Ness and Franklin.
$1 WILL cure Inflammatory rheumatism and
gout. 1108 Folsom st. '
GO to J. A. Eustace for all kinds of fancy
work.
.
LACE curtains laundered at 1422 Turk St.;
35c up.
CHIC books, photo novelties, etc.; list sealed,
for stamp. D. STANTON, Carbondale, Pa.
GOLDEN GATE.300 — Cor. :laundry.barber shop,
cigars, tobaccos, newsi<apers, suits cleaned.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaten, electric needle specialist, 360 Sut-
ter. r. 009. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. Roomfc 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Dmmm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec- :
trie needle. Dr. and Mrs. Travers, 1170 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
„ „ __________
SEE the great revelations on page 34 by Israar,
the Egyptian Seeress.
MADAM DEVAS.
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBES
BUILDING. 130 POST ST.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
II. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 561. -
PAPERH A XG I JVG^PAIKTI Jf G. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 310 Third: ttl.Ma.1n 413.
PARTNERS WANTED.
CARPENTER, partner In old established shop:
too much work for one man. Box 2149. Call.
PARTNER to help with useful invention that
will make money. Box 2244. Call.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention , paid to diseases of, women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st. ■
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herd doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at- 115-117 Mason; now; lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth. .
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor ' to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington at.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs.' 746-8 Clay st.
: _ _ ' • ST . AB "LKS . TO . LET .
STABLE for four horses and two wagons; hay
loft: Ewlng olace, off Laguna, between Post
and Sutter Bts. . Apply MADISON & BURKE.
' 30 Montgomery, st. . ' ;• '
TO LET— 3 stalls at ' 2410 Harrison at., be-
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first.
_^ ROOMS, FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ■_•__.
BIRCH ave.. 015 — VS; a fiat of 3 good: rooms:
■unfurnished. -Apply 642;Grove st.
CHELSEA. 6, south side Bush, bet. Powell and
Stockton— Parlor suite;hkpg. privileges; quiet.
DE NORMANDY.. 605 Post— Nicely furn. rms..
52 week up; also hskpg.. $4 to $7 a week.
DEVISADERO, 403— Two sunny front corner
rooms, clean, gaa range, bath, laundry.
ELEVENTH, 211— 2 sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping: rent cheap.
ELLIS. 806 — Beautiful sunny; also suite; for
housekeeping; . 2 j single rms. : newly ! furn.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furn. sunny front parlor:
single rooms; housekeeping 'privileges; gas. j
GOLDEN GATE ' AVE.'.* 313— Large, nicely fur-
nished sunny room, for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE are.. 480 — Furnished room for
housekeeping: gas and water.' ' '
GOLDEN GATE ave. 812— Suite of 3 rooms, j
nicely furnished: gas* and bath; $18. ;
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1601. cor. Scott St.— A
large alcove front room . to ltt: suitable, for !
housekeeping: furnished or ■ unfurnished;
French family; reasonable.
GUERRERO. 648—1 cr 2 large sunny front
rooms; housekeeping.
HAIGHT, 234. corner Buchanan— Fine -larr«
sunny rooms; all. middle flcwr; furn.: piano, j
HYDE. 410 — Private house; "newly furnished
sunny rooms, housekeeping.
HYDE, 1400— Sunny unfuriished housekeeping
rooms: use of phone;
HOWARD, 1530%— One nicely furnished house-
keeping room.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnls'oed 3-room suite*; steam heat-
ed, alectrlc lighted; free baths; rat* $30 up.
LARKIN. 817%— Large. -nicely furnished cor-
ner room; folding bed; gas stove; reasonable.
LINDEN avs., 282— Fine sunny front room,
furnished for housekeeping, with kitchen.
MARKET, 1658. oor. Polk— 2 front sunny con.
rooms; ctove; nulet house; rent $12 50.
MARY. . 22 — Two sunny rooms for ■ house-
keeping; rent reasonable. .
MISSION, 2000. near Sixteenth— For rent. 2
nicely furnished sunny rooms with kitchen to
parties without children; references required.
NINETEENTH, 3430, bet. Mission and Va^
lencla — 3 nicely furnished sunny rooms, front
bay window, parlor,- back parlor and large
kitchen; well furnished; coal and gas ranges;
rent cheap to permanent people.
NOE, 347 — Three sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; adults only; American family.
OCTAVIA. 1250— Elegantly furnished house-
- keeping sutte; gas and coal range.
POLK, 711— Furnished sunny parlors, with
kttchen: gas range.- - - ...
POWELL. 1005, The Virginia— Elegant fur-
nisht-d bay-window apartments, with gas
range, electric elevator, baths; also single.
SCOTT. 1614 — First floor of 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms, $18; adults only.
SIXTEENTH, 2930, near Capp— 2 nice front
rooms for housekeeping.
STERLING Apartment, Hayes, bet. Fillmore
and Steiner — 4 rooms, bath; unfurnished:
must be' seen to be appreciated; rent mod-
erate; will be finished March 1. ' -
STEVENSON. 251% — 2 ' housekeeping rooms
for rent.
TENTH, 140 — Furnished, one cosy housekeep-
ing room; ras stove,- folding bed; private.
THIRD, 308 — Two sunny front rooms. $12; suite
of S, $16; another, $8. - '
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3075— Furnished, hall bed-
room for sinjde man.
VALENCIA, 1006 — Furnished bay-window
room, with use of kttchen.
VAN NESS ave., 706 — 2 sunny front rooms,
complete for t housekeeping; $25. -.;: ■
VAN NESS, 026 — Elegant large sunny rooms
In modern flat; also single rms.; reasonable.
2 UNFURNISHED rooms.with regular kitchen;
state location and price. Address box 16,
1008 Market st. " .. '
2 LARGE sunny unfurnished rooms. Apply
45$ Hayes st. ■ -•- ■ •'-',
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market- St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ,' •
A NEW house — the St. Charles— opens March
15, at 1560 Sacramento - St.. near Larkin;
beautiful sunny 3 and 4 room apartments
for rent, either unfurnished or furnished, to
suit tenant; private baths and toilets, steam
heated, electric and : gas light, elevator, etc.;
call and Inspect, dally. Including Sundays.
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavia, cor.\Hayes— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights: private
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctor's offices.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, eteam heat, elec-
tric lights, elevato*-, gas ranges; $36 to $55.
St. Andre, 1230 Pine — New management, superb
aptmt?;strlctly first-class; steam heat; electric
llghts;priv. ;phone;elev. :l to 5 rms.. with prlv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or. unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.'
GRAND view; new, modern apartment resi-
dence. 3101 California at.. corner-Lyon; now
open for Inspection; convenient'- car lines.
IROQUOIS Apartments, 610 Ellis, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2, 3 and 4 rms.; open for inspection.
HADDON HALL.
051 ' EDDY ST. REFERENCES. .
WANTED — A three-room apartment complete-
ly furnished for housekeeping. Box 836, Call.
MODERN apartment of 4 rooms wanted, fur-
nlshed. Box 2601. Call office. .-.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE ■ IN EVERY ROOM;
. SUITS WITH BATH, $1 50 to $2 60 PER
DAY; SINGLE • ROOMS. 76c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
' ASHWORTH HOTEL.
S20 Mason St., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition - just completed; entire house
newly renovated;- sun In rooms all day.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom •ts. ; — New
bouse, new furniture; every room outside;
modem and sunny; prices from $1 60 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date bouse In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to fl per night, $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
A NICELY furnished back parlor, bath and
phone, .in a refined family; board If desired;
terms reasonable; reference. Box 2830. Call.
AT "The Almonte.". 873 Market »t. (or No. 1
Firth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1. $1 60 nlgbt;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
ALDINE. 404 Turk— Good Inside room for
gent: $6. ■ '■ ~-~ *~S-'
ALL newly furnished 'beautiful rooms : at the-
AVaverly rooming house. S41 O'F-rroll , st.
BROSNAN, 83 — Two furnished rooms to • let,
suitable for man. and w|fe. ••
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1864)— Fur-
nished rooms 1 sult«/slzi*'l__j___J___'r^^
BUSH.* 2333— Two : nice.' sunny ■ rooms, with
small ■ Vltchen • If desired; . also small sunny
room. $5. ■
CAPP. "'?."'— Nicely furnished, sunny front par-
lor; reasonable. - . ■ . -
CUM MINGS. (The), '«>18 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sunny, single roo;ns
and suites, with private baths, hot and eold
water, steam heat, electric lights, pbon* avery
room; elevator. Phone Eajst'1317 if desired.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason—Elegantly
furnished . sunny : rooms; prices reasonable.
CXtAT. ' 1028— Furnished 'rooms to let.: - : ; . ■•.*■:£■.'*?•'.
DESIRABLE room : to ■ let v in -private family,
near Park. .Box 2624. Call. - ■
DEVISADERO, ; 451 — Furnished "room to 'let,
with gas and water. -"■'.. • . •
DEVISADERO.' 1317— Sunny . furnished Troom.
DIAMOND. 810— 2 furnished rooms, f 10. -and
2 unfurnished,! $6. ■: '■ t ■ •-. -. .
EDDY. ;440 — Nice furnished room for one or
■ two persons.* ■ _•;.■.. ,
EDDY, 457— Front- parlor, suitable for twu
persons, to -let; .- ■• . /.. . ; -, ; .
EDDY. 823— Elegantly furnished 'front room,
with plane . . ■
ROOMS TO -LET— Fnrn. and P-.fnr».
EDDY. 1634 — Large sunny front room, suitable
■ for 2; very reasonable. '
EDINBURGH. THE, 239 Powell, cor. Geary— ,
Sunny suites and offices: also single rooms.
.EIGHTEENTH. 3462. bet. Mission and Valen-
- ela — Cheerful, sunny furnished room.
EIGHTEENTH. 4068 — Wanted— A gentleman
to • r«nt a front room.
ELLIS, tH7A — Front sutte; newly furnished:
modern flat: every convenience; private
■French family of 2. 1 ■•• -
ELLIS.' 1022. near Franklin— Sunny front suite
furnished. J25; unfurnished, $20: also 2 large
front attic rooms for housekeeping. $20; tun-
ny: running water.
FELL. 666 — Two sunny bay-window rooms;
very cheap; every comfort.
FERN HALL,: 312 Bush — Elegantly furn. romt;
all sunny; terms reasonable: references.
FILLMORE* 923 — Two nice sunny furnished
rooms.- $15: call afternoon.
FQLSOM. '66 — Furnished room suitable for two.
FOLSOM. 043 — Furnished room: use of gas:
running water.
FOLSOM. 834— -Sunny rooms, with closets and
b*th. single and double beds: $1 25 week.
FOLSOM. 2576— Furnished reom.
FOLSOM. I near 24th — 3 sunny rooms, partly
furnished with bath. gas. laundry and yard;
stable If desired. Box 23S7. Call office.
FOURTH. 228 — Suany housekeeping rooms:
also single.
FOR - single gentlem—n. In private home (no
other roomers), a large sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining? 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address Box 2624. Call office.
FRANKLIN, 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Sunny
furnished front room; all conveniences; $8.
FULTON, 636 — 2 clean furnished rooms, $S
nna $R: no other roomers. ;
GEARY. SS4 — Sunny front room; elegantly fur-
nished; gas grate, bath and phone; also
others.
GEARY. 906 — Fine outside room, private fam-
ily, only |2 per week.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $0 wk. ; reading-room.
GOLDEN GATE, 1210— Lovely sunny bay-
window parlors; complete for housekeeping.
GOUGH, 663 — Sunny furnished rooms with
large closets; -also housekeeping; reasonable.
HAIGHT. 68, near Market— Nicely furnished
room, suitable for 2: on sunny side.
HAIGHT. 619%— Large furnished room; closet':
rent $6 B0 month; private family; working
girl only.
HAIGHT. 68. near Market— Nicely furnished
room; suitable for -2; on sunny side.
HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth st.— Finely^
furnished rooms, bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HARRISON, 1114—2 nicely furnished rooms;
■ gas and bath; in private family.
_ , . ___ _____ , ,
HARTFORD, 269— Trvo- nice sunny rooms.
HAWTHORNE. 18, off Howard, near Third-
Small front room; American family; $5 per
month.
HERMANN. 666. bet. Fillmore and Steiner sts.
—^Furnished room with first-class board for
respectable young man. '
HOWARD. • 1530% — Sunny bay-window room,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; bath.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Just opened;
! everything new; electric elevator and all
modern conveniences: single rooms, with or
without bath, $10 to $25: suites with bath,
$40 to *50: first-class grill; public parlor.
J. M. CURRIE. prop.
HOTEL LAMBOURNE—
E.I e gantry furnished rooms, en suite and sin-
gle; every room light and modern; a few
steps from Market st.; a call will convince
you; rates reasonable. 420 Eddy st.
HOTEL ST. PAUL, 463 Ellis st.— New house
and new furniture; steam heat: hot water;
free- baths; house open and elevator service
~-all night; transient. M. E. GRANT, former-
ly at the Vendome. 1104 Market st.
HOWARD, 640 — Large room, $4 80 month; re-
spectable workmen only; no children; quiet.
HOWARD. 18S4— Nice front room, single or
double.
JESSIE. 363. east LVS.' Mint — Furnished room;
*7 per month.
JESSIE. 371. near Fifth St.— Furnished room
for two- gents; $8 month.
JESSIE. 530— Furnished room to let.
JESSIE. 650, off Seventh— Sunny furnished
room; man only: rent $5.
JONES, 616 — Sunny front parlor for gentle-
man.
KEARNY. 215 — Rooms; thoroughly renovated;
"•ultable for doctor, dentist or real estate.
KEARNT, 423 — Furnished. ■ sunny front room
for rent. WILLIAM NEATH.
j _ . . . .
MARKET. 1009 — Furnished room.
MARKET, 2677 — Bay-window room, suitable
for 2; also another room; no other roomers.
McALLISTER, 757 — Large front room; gas and
bath; $8.
MINNA, 'B14 — A. furnished single room, suit-
able I for young man.
MI SSION, B65— Front room with double bed. $5.
MISSION. 837A— Furnished rooms by the day.
week. or month: prices reasonable.
MISSION. 1022— One room to let: well " fur-
nished: reasonable.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh — Good room, 1
or 2 gentlemen; private house; $6 month.
MISSION. 1022— One large back parlor room;
nicely furnished; suitable for one or two
gentlemen.
MISSION. 2460 — Sunny furnished room In pri-
vate family.
MISSION. 2578 — Sunny room to let. '■
NATOMA. 611— Furnished front room to let;
reasonable.
NATOMA. 615^ — Furnished room, gentlemen
' only, rent reasonable.
OAK." 736— Nicely furnished sunny room; run-
ning water: suitable for 1 or 2 gentleman
or. man and wife: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 770— Sunny front unfurnished
double parlors; rent reasonable.
POLK, 612— $14: bedroom and small kitchen;
gas stove, bath; no children.
POST. 630 — Sunny front room: running water.
: grate, bath; also single rooms; $6, $7.
POST, ' 031— Sunny room, after. March 1.
■* ' .*- . _____
POWELL. 500-r-Nlce furnished room. : |V- - ;
RADETON.' 276 Turk— A few suites with or
without bath: elegantly furnished and up
to date; strictly first class: prices moderate.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 38c to 11 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 tb $30; eltvator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROOMS to jet. Box C. P.. Call.
SACRAMENTO. ' 1332 — Neatly furnished room,
, with use of bath. '
SEVENTH, 145^— Room' suitable for two men,
$8; fnrone man, $7. .".;■. .
SOUTH PARK. - 84 — Comfortable housekeeping
rooms: quiet, respectable house.
STEINER, . s>07 — Sunny rooms, furnished or
unfurnished. • . ■ ' -i - :•
STEVENSON, - 635— Sunny furnished room for
gentleman.
SUTTER.* 622-r-Clean. comfortable rooms, with
hot and cold water; bath: terms reasonable.
SUTTER. 1120— 4 large sunny rooms to let for
offices. ' ' \
SUNNY furnished room with bath. Box 2tK4.
Callofflce. :.'■'• :"
TEHAMA, 310, upstairs— One nice sunny room.
TEHAMA, 326 — Nice sunny furnished rooms;
. rent reasonable. . • -
THIRD. 308--Rooros, 25c, 50c, 75c and $1 per
night; $1 to $4 week; nice, quiet; bath.
TURKV 10— Sunny front* room, furnished.
TURK, 203— Furnished rooms to let.
TURK, = 1218 — Nicely furnished, sunny room;
use 1 of kitchen. If desired.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3170— Furnished . room to
let.' . ,
KPOMS ■ TO. LET — Forn. wnd Pnfnrn.
TWENTY-FOURTH. S975 — Neatly furnished
front room; references. •
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367—1 j single furnished
room for gentleman in Mission warm belt; io.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — »00
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights <no gas), running water In every
room: elevator. read. -room: fret bus: baggage.
VALLEJO. 1324— Sunny. front room: furnished.
VAN NESS ave.. 320— Nicely furnished roo.x:
gentlem-en: $10^
VAN NESS ave.. 51!) — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining sutte for office or club.
! VAN NESS ave.. 807— Elegant front suite.' $30:
also housekeeping: rocms: call after 3 o'clock.
VAN NESS. 926— Elegant sunny suite of 2. 3
or 4 housekeeping rooms in modern Cat.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Markst—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week: elsvator;
el ec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light la
every room: 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $3 a
week: open all night: convenient to all cars.
2 OR 3 unfurn ished rooms in sunny corner fiat:
centrally located; bath, phone, etc Box
2386. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market »t.. opposite Fifvh.
Open until 11 p. in.
ROOMS ANI> "BOAHD.
22_CI_!2__r~HOTEL HATTON — -—
977 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table. '
HOTEL BALTIMORE ,_
1013 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
\ SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
EARLCOURT.
1011 PINE ST. — A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
ATHERTON <The), 1661 Octavia. near Sutter —
Large sunny airy sultea and single rooms:
beautiful lawn; excellent board; reas. rates.
AUDUBON, 1105 Hyde. cor. California — Desir-
able rooms now vacant: suite; single; supe-
rior board. ~
A SUITE of three large front rooms and
bath, suitable for two young men or couple:
unusually fine location. Box 4320, Call.
CRYSTAL House 0C7 Sutter— Furnished suites
and single rms., all sunny; excellent board;
reas.: Eng.. Span.. Fr.. Ger & Dutch spoken.
DORLAND. 24 — Nicely furnished room and
board for married couple or 2 gentlemen;
home privileges: references required.
HAVE a lovely home— Would like 2 schoolgirl!
to board; no other children; very reasonable.
Call 140 Clara ave.. near Eighteenth st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1023 — Double and single
rooms with board. $5 50 and $8 50 per week;
homo cooking; parlor piano: bath and phone.
THE AUDUBON. cor. Hyde and California —
Pleasant roms now vacant; suite or single;
excellent board.
HANDSOME room with board for two; also
lovely housekeeping rooms; private. 226
Guerrero st.
NICELY furnished, sunny rooms, with board;
private family; terms reasonable. 825 O'Far-
rell at. ;
BOARD and room, two, $10 per week; parlor,
bath, phone. S06 McAllister st.
MISSION. 3176 — Sober young man to room and
board; mechanic preferred.
C'FARRELL. 170S — A nice sunny front room;
good home cooking; bath and phone; cheap.
WASHINGTON. 1021— Rooms with or without
board. $16 to $18; Spanish table practice.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths; also single; homelike.
Golden Gate ave.. 1224 — Nicely furnished room
with board; modern conveniences; gentleman.
ROOM and first-class board for single lady or
gentleman: bath, phone. 1062 Ellis st.
Stevenson mansion 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Board and rooma for man and
wife and grown daughter; boarding-house or
hotel preferred; must be modern and first-
class ;staterates :^Box2564^'allofJlc^ 1 __
YOUNG man of refinement and education
wants board and room In private family; no
boarding or rooming-houses answer; state
particulars. Box 2774. Call office.
BOARD and i room wanted for a gentleman
(American) In walking distance of Third
and Market sts. Box 25S4. Call office.
YOUNG couple wish board, first-class board-
ins-house or family. MASON BROWN, gen-
eral delivery.
SUNNY room with board. Box 2393, Call office.
GENTLEMAN wishes board and room In a re-
fined private family. Addrew box 2610. Call.
ROOMS W-V^TEPj
WANTED — Room In a private house, where
there is a Dlano: between Call office and
Van Ness ave.: by young man who plays a
violin. Box 2703. Call office.
SUNNY unfurnished room for gentleman: bet.
Powell and Po!k. Bush and Vallejo; $4 per
month. Box 2768, Call office.
WANTED — For adults, four or five rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; north of Market.
Box 2760. Call office.
A LADY wishes .furnished room In private
family north or Market. Box 2314. Call office.
WANTED — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; central-
ly located. Eos 2809. Call.
"WANTED — 4 unfurnished rooms around Hayer
Valley. Address McN.. 68 Tiffany ave.
TO LEASE.
FOR 1 rent for one year. In the Monteclto Valley
adjoining SRnta Barbara, the residence of
Mr. I. G. Waterman. Apply to Santa Bar-
bara Realty and Trust Company, or other
agents at Santa Barbara.
TO lease^ — Large store and basement with two
lefts, elevator, all In good condition, on San-
some st.. between Bush and Pine. EASTOX
gILDRlDGE & CO.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Balld-
1ns Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market st.. opposite Third —
-For the half year ending 31st of December.
1003. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum cf (12) twelve per c-tat oa
capital stock and participating certificate*.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1004. JOSEPH. A. LEON-
ARP. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
V SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Consumers' Mercantile Company has been
Incorporated, with W. F. Burbank as presl- I
dent, to succeed the People's Co-operative
Company: subscribers holding coupon books
are requested to present them on or before
March 5 and receive dividends. F. II. LAWN,
treasurer. 437 Parrott building.
I HAVE bought the confectionery business of
CHARLES GUILLET at 005 Larkin St..
San Francisco. Cal., and will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by. the above
CHARLES GUILLET. E. D. PAULSEN.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamos for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggiab.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
$50 REWARD for the body of Philip Slmon-
ettt, fisherman, drowned near Sausallto.
ONETO BROS.. 410 Bay st., city.
LADIES, send you address to 1126 Market st..
S. F.. valuable information; room 2.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
WE have several slightly shopworn sewing ma-
chines we shall close at half price or less at
once. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post.
BRANCH office Singer Sewing Machine Com-
pany. 2241 Mission st.. near 10th; all kinds
repaired, rented: lowest rates.
WE want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
ply at SCO Post st.. from S to 0 a. m..
" White Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowent rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See • our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10, $15. $20; second-
hand. $3, $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewtng Machine Co.. 1051 Market s{.
S ALE SM AN ANDJ10UCIT0B WAITTSD
WANTED — Outside salesmen trt sell gas saver
Call 1310 Franklin st.. Oakland.
\j^ soiiicrro-ts waitcep.
A MAN to solicit orders to bakers and candy
stores; steady thing; salary and commission.
! X^EMPOIUUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture.
I household xoods storeJ. moved, shipped. 7_5-
' "'11 Howard si., nr. Third: phone cirant lui.
! PIERCK-RODOLFH Storage & Moving Co., of.
1 fics Post and Pi-well sts.: tei. t'riv. Ex. 371.
| COXKLIN'S storase — Furniture and merchan-
: i'.se. o33 Golden Gate ave. ; phone Kaat 1M.
i GOLDEX West Storage: advances made; Sl'>
Mission St.: tei. Howard t>41. F. W. Zehfuss.
I PACIFIC Storage anii Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Ftlimore st. : phone Jackson 2J<1.
■ BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
j st.: te!. Main l*4t>. Shipping at cut ratea.
TVPEWRITER.1 A5P
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smith Premier. $'-\*»: other typewriters at
higher ar.d lower price?: rentals S- 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. CCO California st.
A FEV,' good upawttters at $:;•> each; get par-
ticulars cf L.& M. ALEXANDER, lit) Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 5CS Market.
LEGAL ADVKRTIM33IKXTS.
IN the Superior Court o£ the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. Pro-
bate — In the matter of the- estate of HARRY
A. L. FLOYD GOPCEVIC. deceased. No.
JOO74. notice for publication of time appoint-
rd for probate of will. C. C. P.. sec. 1303 —
Notice is hereby given that MONDAY. th«
28th day of February. A. D. 1004. at la
o'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of said court, at th«
City Hall, In the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, have been
appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYD
GOPCEVIC, deceased, and for hearing th»
application of HENRY E. MATHEWS and
PETAR M. GOPCEVIC for the lssuaac* ta
them of Utters testamentary thereon.
Jseal) JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
Dated February 15. A. D. 1904.
Indorsed: Filed February 15. 1904,
JOHN J GREIF, Clerk.
By E S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk.
JOHN V. DAVIS and BISHOP. WHEELER
& HOEFLER. Attorneys for Petitioners.
STUTTERING AXD 3TAMMEBWO.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Curs
In every case: Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home curs.
MARKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wer« Issued
yesterday :
George E. Holliday. S6. 503 Lyon street, and
Annie McAvoy, 33. 1516ii Vallejo.
Henry Morgenthau, 3J», 1775 Broadway, and
Nannette Rels. TZ, 151« Post street.
Jules Merienne. 47. 924 Jackson street, and
Jeannn Delorme, 44, 274 Capp.
Eduard Strom, 27, ltt Joy street, and Amanda
E. Olson. ZS, ltt Joy.
William Roberts, 24. 4'i Rose avenue, and
Ida Hammack. £!. Sutter Creek.
Anselmo Martella. 29. Gonzales, and Marce-
lina Dotta. 24. Gonzales.
Everett A. Brown. 22. 1044 McAllister street,
and Jennie M. Desimone. IS. 1216 Scott.
Sciarro Mario. 23. 1511 Dupont street, aad
Aluriana Vanacoria, 35, 16C0 Dupont.
Giuseppe Matterl. 2S. 321 Pacific street, and
Vincentia Ming. 18. 424 Pacific.
Melvln Davis, 21; Black Diar.iond, and Ida
Wilson, 10, Black Diamond.
Vittorio Rasso. 27. 80SB Vallejo street, and
Rosa Peraizo. 19. 90S Union.
Jesse L. Goldstein. 21, 1721 Pacific avenue.
and Pauline M. Harris. 20. 1915 Post street.
Adolf Pernu, 31. Rocklln. and Hilrna L.
Silakka. 21. Rocklln.
Earle E. Montague. 22, 404 Ashbury street,
and Mary A. Leadley. IS, 404 Ashbury.
Fred A. McNulty. 25. Mlllbrae, and Hi'.dur
C. Hartzell, 27. Millbrae.
Frank G. Clark. 21. 314 FlUmore street, and
Mildred A. Perry. IS. 314 Fillmore.
John W. Taylor. 22. 1540^ Howard street,
and May D. Silver, 21. 1540^ Howard.
James F. Hanrahan. 30. 115 Leavenworth
street, and Jennie Brunswick. 32. 1353 Eddy.
Joshua Walker, 21. 1324 California st.-eec.
and Annie Courtois, 18. 1423 Sacramento.
Jeremiah Lucey, 35. 531 Sixth street, and
Beatrice Dampler, IS, San Jose.
Louis Steinhart. 30. Colma, and Katie Roth-
man. 20, 311 Natoma street.
Tomaso Novellc. 27. 2105 Larkin street, and
Antonina Sclalabba, 19. 2105 Larkin.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— JEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail 'will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
*ons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published osca ia this colucxa
free of charge. _____
BORN'.
CHURCH — In this city. February 28. 1304. to
the wife of C. E. Church, a son.
CONNELL— In this city. February 16, 1904.
to the wife of Joseph A. Connell, a daughter.
GREAVES — In this city. February 18. 1904. to
the wife of John S. Greaves, a daughter.
HAMMARGREN — In this city. February 25.
1904, to the wife of C. F. Hammargren. a,
son.
HARRIGAN— In this city, February 16. 1304.
to the wife of G. W. Harrigan. a son.
PERRY— In this city. February 22. 1901, to
the wife of Samuel A. Perry, a son.
SCHLICHTING— In this city. February IT.
1904, to the wife of C. H. Schlichtlng. a son.
SCHMALINQ — In this city, February 2O. 1904.
to the wife of F. II. Schmallng. a son.
TIERNEY — In this city. February 22. 1904.
to the wife of Joseph J. Tierney, a daughter.
VAN ORDEN — In Alameda, Cal., February 15.
1904. to the wife of Dr. G. N. Van Orden, »
son.
VER LINDEX — In Colma. Cal., February 23.
1904. to the wife of A. E. Ver Linden, a
daughter.
MARRIED.
BEST— SPRAGUE— In this city. February 34,
1904, by the Rev. John Stephens, Bertram)
C. Best to Jozia Stella Sprague. both of Saa
Francisco.
DAVIDSON— EVANS — In thta city, February
21, 19O4. by the Rev. William Rader. Oscar
William Davidson and Alice Evans, both, of
this city.
HAMILTON— MERVY— February 14. 1904,
William H. Hamilton and Mrs. I* Mervy.
HAKRIS— TISCHLER— In this city, February
14, 1904, by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson. Ja«
cob Harris and Rose Tlschier. both of this
city.
JEWEL — BURNETT— In this city. February
15. 1904, at St. Brigld's Church, by the Very
Rev. John Frieden. S. J.. Frits Jewel of Loa
Angeles. Cal.. and Margaret A. Burnett o£
this city.
SENEGRAM— HARRIS— In this city, Febru-
ary 21, 1904/ by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson.
Philip Senqgram of Los Angeles and Sarab
Harris of this city.
SHARP — BUXTON— In this city. February 25.
19O». by the Rev. William, Rader. James
Lloyd Sharp and Etta Maude Buxton. battt
of this city.
THOMAS— BENSON— In this city, February
24, 1904, by the Rev. William Rader. Fran*
R. Thomas of Mill Valley, Cal., and Ann!*
L.' Benson of this city.
WALKER— COURTOIS— In this city. Febru-
ary 27. 1904. by Justice of the Peace Joha
J. Van Nostrand, Joshua Walker and Antua
Courtois. both o£ this city.
DIED.
!
Ames. Albert Levy. Allcs
Basch. Fred Llttlefleld, Myron W.
Bachelder. Frank J. Lewin. Henoch
Bern'. William G. Macdonald, Murdoclt
Brennan, Mary Marsh, Charles. P.
Brown. Walter S. Moore. Isaac
Butler. James A. Muller. Frank
Castillar, H. M. O'Brien, Michael
Cone. Mary Paine, Capt. James
Cordoza. Catherine Pagametto. Arthur
Crisp, William Palmer, Mrs. J. H-
Dargie, Wm. E. Jr. Perclvalc, Carlo
Elkus. Louis Peterson. Annette C
Ewlng. Chas. Grey Sass. Christian
Francis. Robert C Sayre, William L.
Grady. Margaret Shaw. Willie C.
Graesslin. Carrie Sperling. Morris
Green. Avarilla Sullivan, Daniel
Grovers. Morris Timmins. Eliza
. Harrison, Mary Willey, Charles J.
Hogg. Samuel P. Wray. Irene
Le Mieux. Lulu M^
AMES— In thi3 city. February 24. 1904. Albert
' AmcJ, beloved husband of Fannie Ames, a
I native ct Ohio.
it i«*rigrit3A cin * 3.cQ">-*ii I n tii ncs & t-j respect —
Continued on Page 48.
nENrtY J. CALLACHEH CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mrr.
• FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND GMBALMHIiS,
20 Fifth st.. opostte Lincoln dchoul.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers———
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at SCU MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth anil Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
I
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Urcs..
——Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 57U.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALilERA
3339-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth,
Saa FruelKaCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment 0/ £310,521 in specie to the Orient.
Local bank clearings decrease over $7,000,000 last week.
S'.lver and New York Excliange higher.
Wall street stocks not materially changed. Cotton higher.
Wheat futures lower. Barley unchanged.
Government taking Oats up north for Manila.
Com and Rye firmly held at previous prices.
Liberal receipts of Feedstuff s from the north.
Hay market working around into better shape again.
Beans continue to advance under a good shipping demand.
Potatoes and Onions in active demand and firm.
Southern Vegetables Unver under free arrivals.
Poultry market firm and well cleaned up.
Game continues to arrive in bad condition.
Fruit market still hampered by rainy zucather.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue in excessive supply.
Hops very quiet, owing to cold weather in the East.
Expected advance in Provisions now uncertain.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Bank Clearings.
Local Bank Clearings during the week just
■ •Ofied wer» $21.86a,219, against $28,734,396 dur
tag th« cam* week In 19O3. showing a decrease
of t7.S65.177. The clearings for the corn.'spond
tar week la 1302 were $24,515,147.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Paciflflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27—5 p. m.
Tfct% following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<4ate aa compered with thoee of the same date
lart ■eases, and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-tour hours:
Last This La*t
Etatloca— 24 Hourc. Season. Season.
Eureka, O.OS 41.61
Red BluST O.oo 20.38 17.76
Sacmmento «•.<»; 10.63 11. SI
San Francisco .. o.<>4 12. t» 11.45*
Freeno 1 >C 3.70 !>.72
Independence.... O.OS 1.81 LSI
E. I* Obispo 1.62 N..'>« 11. S5
Loe Angeles O.S2 2.<2 S.59
Ban Diego O.O0 1.73 9.05
THE COAST RECORD.
" " B 2 2 O 5 T~
i ft If il il I
<» 1 3 i 3 3 it ~,
• : : I • p
. ]_J ? : j :
Holnt Rr}-n . . 29 . KS H2 45 NW Cloudy .23
Mt TaraaJraiE.23.S'2 44 ::!• W Cloudy T.
Fars.llon 2S.H1 54 5o N Cloudy .OO
Baker ?.».:«» .%4 34 SE Pt.Ody.Ol
Larson 23. 7S 3H 34 S Snow .3<i
Kureka S8.M 62 4S W I't.Cldy .*>»
KreuiM 2!«.fto 54 So NW Rain l.<>2
Flagstaff 2ft. S<i :>H -JS SW Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello 2Si.f»<» ",<l .. S <~loudy .1«»
Independence .21«.7'> M .">4 NW Rain .<>*
Lre Arjrr.!*!...2>.«« T.K T2 PE Rain .32
North Head. ..St. 68 4« 4<> S «Jloudy .10
Theniz St.ftn 74 T»2 V tTloudy Aft
Pcrt'.and 2».T* 4fi .ts hfW Pt.Cldy .38
Rtd Biuft 29.'.«» 54 44 SE Pt.'idy .00
Rosehurg 29. S4 r.<» :>'t W Pt.Cldy .72
. Secrarner.to . .?.< !>2 .*•'> 18 SE Cloudy .Ort
Fs.lt Ijike r».tC ~<2 ."«• NW Cloudy .01
• Far. Fran.-is<?o.:£i.!«4 ."2 5»» SE Cloudy .04
P L.. Obispo. •_":<. «"i .'.4 .".2 N Cloudy .82
.'Pan Diego SO.A2 f>4 r<2 SW Cloudy .«jrt
S*-f<1tl«»* r.T*..29.7«» 41 .14 S Rain .6(1
Ppoicane 29. 7>* 44 32 fi <Tcudy .<«»
Tat.wsh 2»..Vi 42 :U S Rain .4<>
Walls. .'. M .).7S TC .t« SE Pt.Cldy .OO
.2?K**> .°> :!*» S Cloudy .Oo
'Vrrr.a 29. « 74 5S RW Cloudy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOREXTAST.
■ 'Un«^tl*d weather rrevalls over the entire
V-ertern half of the <-ountry. Rain is falling
-•|il Los Anceles. San Luin Obispo. Fresno and
•. Indei>en<Jence in generous amounts, while snow
. it "falling from Carson City to Salt Lake City.
• : ■* "Rie temperature ha? fallen about 20 degrees
over the Intennootttaln region.
) -The following maximum wind velocities ere
""r»r»orled: Tatoorh IMand. CO. south; North
Head, 45. south; Fp<-,kane, 3». southwest; Salt
Leke City. 2«. Dewhmst; Modena. 3>i, south
went, and Independence. 32. northwest.
"Warning of a further rise In the rivers of
Northern California have been issued. The
crert of the flood will r>rcbably be felt south
of Sacramento >;n Sunday.
The following river readinss are reported:
Red Bluff. 1H.4. ralUnc: Sa^smentT, 27.7. fall
ihr: Tehama, 14.6. ;a!i!:is: Marysvllie. 1S.1.
falllnr: San Joeqvln lirii".ae. 15.6. risinr. and
■Watcrford, 7. risinp. Tlie Conjumms. Mok»
liinane. Calaveraf. Stanlslau?. Toulumne and
M«rc<*d rivers will rir- rapidly.
Fcrecast ir.r<ip at San Francisco for thirty
.hours, ending midnight, Februar>- 2S:
Northern California — Cloudy, nnMttl«4
veathrr Sunday, with fhowers: snow in the
•mountains: cooler; lieht northeast wlnd«,
chawrinr to »=r>utherly.
Southern California — Fhower* Sunday: snow
!n the neentaJns; cooler ;• brisk eoutherly
•• Nevada— Rain or mow Sunday.
Fan FranclK-o ar.d vicinity— <noudy, unset
tl«"1 weather Sunday, with showers; cooler:
■brisk easterly winds.
A. G. Me ADI E, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
■ • New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feh. 27. — Close — Money on
ca!J nominaJ; no loer:*.
Time loans v ere tteady. with sixty-day
lr-a-ns at 3 i>er rent; ninety days, 3'4 j>er cent;
Gix mor.rh?, 4f?4'i p'r c*nt.
Prime mercantile rapcr. 4»4'5 r 5% per cent.
Ste^rllnit exchanje was firm, with actual bus-
Nczv York Stocks and Bonds.
XETW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales Hich. Lnw. Clone.
AtrhiJcn 3.400 65 64% #W\
Bal *"ohlo ..".'.'.'.'. 3.3iif> '7*% ' ~.\\ ~i%
B« 1 A O^ »O pfd .' >»«
• an Pa clflf 2»>0 IMS 313% 11.!%
C*a at X J 154
Ch» s A- Ohio 2'<O 30 30 .10
Chi * Alton M*4
Chi 4. Alton yfd 81
CM 4. O W 300 14N, 11% 14%
Chi & V W 1C2
Chi, Mil & St P... 3.1O0 13V-; 138 138%
Chi. M & f=t r pfd 173
CM T.r &• Tr 2."»» «'4 »'4 * 3 4
C*l;-T*r* Ttvii. 1«» 10 10 ix»4
C C. C i- Kt L 72
Colo *omh ion 13% 15% 15
Colo fo l« -fd M
Colo Sr. -d pfd.... loo S2T« 22!; 22
U#: & Hudson 000 155V4 1S5 1.V5U
Oel. T«ck &■ West 2(i4
rx-n & HM Or 400 19 IS* 1S%
D«-n & Ii G b!i) «5%
Erie 7.SO0 2S« 22U 22%
Krie let r>M 70O C2% «1«4 «!2
Kiie 2d rrfd !!S
Hockir.g Val 72
Hf-cking Val pfd... 100 M so 7»
IM' Centra! Utt 12«% 12«% I2fi««
Iowa Central l'« I«% 1R% 18
Iowa Ontial pf<l.. 100 Z3 •T-T Xt
Kan Oty So pfd '■ 31
Louis & NoFb NWV tol^s, 101 1, 101%
Manhattan L 2Ort 1*1% 141% 141
"Met Securlti"**. S 4%
Met St R v •'• l l*y.
Mirn ft £t L S
•MTstP 4k SltSM. W> £S% 5S% «•
:M.£PCSlt S M pfd - 11 <
Mo Pacific 500 *7% S7',4 *7%
Mo. Kan & Tex IS
■Mo. K & T*x pfd •«•
'•■,' K R of Mex pfd * T :<
■ N Y «>ntral l.*^» 114 113«4 11.1^4
Nor & Vtt 1.W0 Tit; S5U
Nor A Wi«t lfd *•»
Or.t & Wos'.rni W'A
tvAnsyUaala -O.OO) 112% 112% 112%
p r C t Bt t 5*
n'radW l.«oo ::n*4 :k»% :»%
Heading J«t t<f<1 J«
Heading ?d pfd; •*>%
Rock Island Co ... 4.900 20% 20 20%
nock Isl CopM... fiOO CO . r )8% O914
Ft L & S F 2d pfJ. JOO 41 41 41
pt U S W 13%
ftL&S W jfd.. 1O0 2»% 2»% 29%
Fa Pacific 2.«V» 4.P4 «H 43%
Fo IUU«ty -VK) 16% 18% 1S%
F<> Rv *?<» 7S H
Tn gr Pacific 22V4
Tol, St L & TV 33 k
Tel. 8t L A W pfd. 100 32% 32% 32
trnfon Pac!3c 7.300 72^ 73»4 73J4
Uaica P*cJfi= pfd 86%
Wabash 200 17*4 17% 17*4
Wabash pfd 500 33'* 33 ."2%
Wheel & L E H
Wis Central 1OO 17*'» 17«i 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 200 30*4 39»i 38%
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American 185
United States 100
Wells-Fargo 200
Mifcellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 8.700 46*4 46U 4fl»j
Ainer Car & Found 18"-*
Am Car & F pf a «7_%
Am Cotton «ll 100 29 29 2SU
Am Cotton Oil pfd SS
American Ice 3OO 8 8 7%
American Ire pM.. 200 31% 3H4 304
Am Unseed O,l 94
Am Linseed Oil pfd 2fi%
Amer Locomotive.. 1.000 22V» 22^ 22
Amer Loco pfd 78
Am Smelt & Ref.. 200 47 4iS% 4«\i
Am K & Ref pfd 83V*
Amer Sugar Ref... 7OO 124 v; 124 12:»a;
AnaconJa Mln Co. . " 200 fi5 05 02
Brklyn Rap Trans. 3.500 39*i 39'4 39»«
Colo Fuel & Iron 30
Consolidated Gas.. 200 l$0*i 183^ 1S9
Corn Products IS
Corn Product? pfd e8
Distillers' Sees 100 23'i 23V4 2:{
General Electric 158
International Paper 11 '4
Interntl Paper pfd K4%s
International Pump 33*
Interntl Pump pfd 71Vi
National Lead 14?;
North American '. . SI
Pacific Mail 1.500 25 24 24?i
People's Gas Ulifc
Prc-sseil s^U-el Car 27
Pressed S Car pfd «7
Pullman Palace Car 2CS
Republic Steel 7
Republic Steel pfd. 200 41 41 42
Rubber flcods 19
Rubber Goods pfd 75 7i
Tern Coal & Iron 34
U S Leather «%
U S Leather pfd 77
I r .S Really 7
U S Realty pfd 800 49»i 49 4O',i
U S Rubier 11
U S Rubber pfd.." 1OO 47*4 47*4 464
V S Steel J.fioo 10^, 10 10Vi
U S Stf-1 pfd 5,i<00 55^4 55% 35i»
Wefrtinghou.'c Elec. Kh) 15S 15S 155
Western L'nicn MX) S7>.» X"iy 3 S7^i
Total sales 94.000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
"NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— Xo bond transactions
t<»Jay.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Comrp<-n— Llid, £1 7.*): asked, J4. Preferred-
Bid, $30 50; a*ked, $31 K!>4.
XF.W YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg 1.104% Manhattan c g 4s.lO3'^
Do ceup 105 IMex Cent 4s ... «4»4
Do :«s res ICG | Do l«t inc 13
Do oout) lC«>i|Mlnn & St L4s. 98'4
Do new 4s reg. 132V, SI K & T 4s 97H
Do coup 132 Vi Do 2ds 77
Do old 4s reg.lO«ii N R R of M c 4fl 72V 3
Do coup 1O7V4'N Y Cent g S'is. 964
Atch e>n 4s ..:. !«»N,JN J Cent gen 5s.l2S4
Do adjt 4r ... S7«^iNor Pac 4s 1024
Atlantic C L 4n? £2*4! Do -is 70'4
Balto & O 4« 100*4 Nor & W c 4s.. 07U;,
Dj :j'i8 92% O S L 4s & Par. 91 «
Cent of Ga 5s... 105 p« nn conv 3'js. .. 03Ti
Do 1st inc ««'j Heading Gen 4s. !«}
Ch*s & O 44s.. 103% S L & I M c 58.113
Chi & Altrjn :('js. 744 1st L & S F fg 4s. 80%
C R & Q n 4s.. 92 St L S W lste.. 83 H
O M & S P r 4 s.l i :SV. 'Seaboard A L 4s. «.*i4
Chi & N W <■ 7s.l29>i Southern Pac 4s. SS'i
C n I & P R 4s. <isii Southern Ry .V..lll\
Do <-o] Ss NO Tex & Pac lsts.H5>-
C C C & B 1. s 4s. »S To! St L & W 4s <M "
Chi Torm <a 81 Union Pac 4s ...1C2H
<"on Tobacco 4s.. 55^ Do conv 4* .... Ql&i,
<*olo & So 4n 84%, i; S Steel 2d 5s. 71^
Drnvrr & R G 4s. 97'4 iWabash lstR 1134
Erie prior lien 4s. 964 1 Do Deb U KHi
Do Gen 4s .... 81% Wheel & L E 4s. RS»i
Ft W & D C lsis.104 ;Wis Cent 4s R!»
Hocking Val 44s. 105 iColo F & I c 5s. 73
Louis & N Unl 4s. 9.8% i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con io Ontario 4 50'
Alice 16:Ophlr 4 50
Brunswick Con ... lO.Phoenix c;6
Con Cal & Va..., O(J;Potosl 14
Dead wood Terra ..1 P0, Savage ,V»
Hnrn Silver 1 20,Sierra Nev 45
Iron Sliver 1 50 Small Hopes 7u
I^adville Con C2 Standard 2 50
Little Chief 071
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— ! United Fruit 9«
Call loans 34644 ju s Steel 104
Time loans ..4»4®5«i Do prefd 65%
Bonds — Westlngh Com... 77
Atchison Adjt 4s. PS j Mining-
Do 4s 37% 2
Mex Cent 4« C4 !Allouez 34
Railroad* — Amalgamated 4S^
Atchison fi-**i iAmer Zinc 7V,
Do prefd RRS4 .Atlantic «1
P^jfton & Albany. 245 >ningham .19 •
Boston & Maine. 1fiii*4 Calumet & Hecla.450
Boston L 137*4 Centennial 154
Fitchburg pfi 13« Copper Range ....*»%
Mexican Central.. 9>4!Daly West ."H
N Y N H & H..1!*O Domin Coal 54
Per* Marqu*>tte .. 77 Franklin S
Union Pacific ... 73UjGraney 34
Miscellaneous — (isle Royale 7
Amer Arg Chem. 13 j Mass Mining ... :{»i
Do prefd 74 Michigan 44
Airnr Pneu Tube. 4 R 4 ■ Mohawk •'■*%
Amer Sugar 123=54 'Old Dominion .. 10
Do prefd 1 23 Vt \ Osccola 34
Amer Tel & Tel. 12O>5 Parrot 234
Amf-r V.'oolen ... 34 Qulncy SO
Do prefd C9Ni Shannon 7=4
Domin I & S ... 7;i Tamarack ...'.... 95
Edison Elec I11..23O Trinity 4%
Gen Elcrtrlc ....15C u S Mining 20
Ma«s Electric ... I7«J U S Oil S»;
Do rrefd 72 Utah ?,2V t
Mid Gas S»U Victoria .{
United Shoe Mach 45 WInona 5
Do prefd 28^ Wolverine 71
London Closing Stocks.
Conn money M3>* N Y Central 117H
Do am (Apr)S6 7-1fl Nor & Western.. , r i74
Anaconda 3^4 Do pfd £9 t
Atchison ««% Ont &. Western.. 204
Do pM fl l Pennsylvania ..".. o~%
T'.al & Ohio 764 Hand Mines 8»i
C«:i Pac II- 9 * P.eading 2^%
ches & Ohio M% Do l«t pfd 3!>
Chi Great n>«. IS Do 2d pfd 28
Chi Mil & St P.142'i|So Railway 10%
De P.ecr*= 1»*. Do pfd. 81
Den & Rio G 19'4 So Pacific 44 »A
Do i>M r.74 Union Pacific... 734
Erie 23 Do nfd !)<>
Do 1st i>M B3«4 U S SUel 10%
Do 2.1 pfd 3914 Do pfd MVt
111 Central 1R0 Wabash IS14
I>oui« & N'iFh...lO4% Do pfd 3t
M. K & Tex 154
Bar r:!ver — Steady. 23«4d per ounce.
Money — 3£3ti per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short fcllis Is 3 >.'„£■:» 3-18 per cent and for
three months' bills is, 3%@3V4 P*r cent.
•
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— FLOUR— Receipt*.
17.077 barrels: exports, 4600 barrels: quiet but
firm; Minnesota patents, $5 20*85 70; Minnesota
bakers'. (4 2O@4 70: winter patents, $5 200
r> 60; winter straights. $5®5 23: winter extras,
$3 «O?M: winter low grades, $3 I5@3 SO.
WHEAT— Receipts. 10.574: spot, quiet; No.
2 red. »1 09 elevator and $1 1001' 1A f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 09 f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened easy on poor cables,
milder weather In the West and selllnc by
scattered longs. Later prices ruled Irregular
on moderate covering and followed by a slight
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28; 1004.
rally la moderate speculative buying and an
estimated decrease In the Visible supply. The
close vraa steady at HOHe net lower. May.
$1 05i+tfl 05%, closed at $1 00%; July. $1 00%
®1 01%. closed $1 01%; September. 83%©
93 15-lOc, closed 93V4o.
HOPS— Firm: State common to choice. 1903
crop, 30tJ39c; 1902 crop. 24©28c; olds. 10®15c;
Pacific Ccast, 1903 crop, 27@34c; 1902 crop, 24
G*27c; olds, 10@15c.
HIDES — Firm; Galveston. 20 to 25 lbs, 18c;
California. 21 to 25 lbs, 19c: Texas dry. 24 to
30 lbs. 14c.
■WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece, 2S@32c.
PETROLEUM— Quiet; refined New York.
$7 95: Philadelphia and Baltimore, $8 90; Phil
adelphia and Baltimore in bulk, $6.
SUGAR — Raw, firm: fair refining. 2%@
2 15-16c; centrifural 96 test, 3%@3 7-16c: mo
lasses sugar, 2%@2 11-lQc; refined, firm; No. <>.
4.10c; No. 7. 4.00c: No. 8. 4c; No. 9. 3.95c;
No. 10, 3.O0c; No. 11. 3.83c; No. 12, 3.80c: No.
13, 3.75c; No. 14, 3.70c; confectioners' A, 4.35c;
mold 8, 4.85c: cutloaf, 5.20c; crushed. 5.20c;
powdered. 4.C0c; granulated, 4.0Oc; cubes,
4.75c.
COFFEE — S^ot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
6 ll-16c: mild, steady; Cordova, 10®13c. The
market for coffee futures closed steady at a
decline of 15i&25 points. Sales were reported
of 55,000 bag*, including: March, 5.S0@5.r»0c;
May. 6.55©ri.70c; July, r>.85@'«c; September,
<J.05g6.25c; November. <5.3Oc: December, 6.30c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
quiet with demand light, but prices are
6teady. Common are quoted at 4@5c; prime,
5V4@5%c; choice, 5%<@6o; fancy, G%(§7c.
PRUNES — Are firm at the moment, showing
a steady expansion. Prices range from 3%c
to 6%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are in very light supply and
ruled firm, l.'hoice are quoted at 9*i@loc: ex
tra choice, 10H@lfl%c, and rancy at 12@13c.
PEACHES — Are firm. Choice are quoted at
"•4*j7*ic; extra choice, 7«4Q8Hc and fancy,
9@10c.
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27. — The statement of
averages of t-i? clearing-house banks of New
York for the five days or this wwk shows:
Loans $000,200,100; decrease. $4.22tt,7OO. De
posits. fL027.920.400; decrease, $105,200. Cir
culation $40,210,300; decrease, $332,300. Legal
tenders. $71,778,600; increase. $872,300. Specie,
I217.3M.700; Increase, $3,745,000. Reserve.
$289. 130.300; increase, $4.<U7.3OO. Reserve re
quired, $2S«.OSO.1OO: decrease. $20,300. Bur
plus S32.1SO.2CO: increase, $4,643,600. Ex-
United States deposits $41,840,075; increase,
$4,S34,7OO.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27. — There was only a
moderate business rfoorted in the local metal
markets to-day, with prices continuing steady
at yesterday's basis, with the exception of tin.
which ruled rathfr easy at $27 75(g28 12% for
spot.
Copper was cuiet at $12 5OS12 75 for lake
and at $12 37%©12 67% for electrolytic and
casting.
Spelter »a« firm, with spot quoted at $5 10
>uT. 15
L*-aJ. $4 5004 CO.
Iron ruled quiet and nominally unchanged.
New York Dry Goods. '
NEW YORK. Feb. 27.— Total imports of
dry joods and merchandise at the port of
New ■ York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $15,177,753. Exports of specie from
New York for the week (five days) were $1,
170.376 silver and $65,C22 gold.
Imports of Boecle at New York during the
week (five days) were $17,601 gold and $449
silver.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27. — The cotton market
clcsed steady, 8&10 points higher. Trading
was no more than active, and offerings were
licht
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 27. — The big slump in wheat
came shortly before the close. The opening
was weak on lower cables,' both English and
Continental markets showing losses. May was
i^c lower to %c higher at $1 O4»4 to $1 C'5»-4.
and July was off He to " 8 c at 95«4c to96?»c. •
During the tlrst few minutes of trading the
leading Ions Interest was an open . seller of
the May delivery. Local professionals also
took the selling side. In consequence May
declined to $1 04, but the July option held
comparatively steady around 96c after touch
inr 9U%c early in the trading. A noticeable
feature in the early situation was the absence
of any influential buying. ' The market lacked
its usual eupport. the reinstatement of big j
lines previously sold out. The seeming reason
was that most of the large traders were dis
posed to await, developments over Sunday. An
other factor in discouraging general buying
early was for the purpose of enabling the pur
chase of July wheat at lower prices. '1 the
session was nearing the close there was a sud
den outbreak of spectacular selling of May.
The heavy orders were generally supposed to
be for the account of the principal long. The
general selling movement thus suddenly inaUR
urated resulted quickly in a severe slump in
the price of the May option. From around
Kl 05 May dropped to $1 01%. Many stop-lo<a
orders came out, accelerating the decline. On
a partial cessation of the selling a large por
tion of the loss was recovered within the last
few minute? of trading. Closing figures on
May showed a net loss for the day of lV4c at
$1 03%. July was down y,c at l)(i%c.
Lower cables and weakness In wheat caused
an easier feeling In corn. May clfieed Vrc
lower at 56&c. July dosed a shade lower at
5oV 4 fi55ty(C.
The feature in oats vae the comparative
Ftreri_-th of the market In the face of the
weakness In wheat. May closed V4c lower at
45V4c. July closed He lower at 41T£c.
In provisions trading centered in pork. Lr>cal
packers were the principal buyers. There was
liberal liquidation of May pork late in the
ression. May pork closed at a loss of 27%c,
lard was off 7%c and ribs were down 5c.
The Hading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 1 051,4 1 O5V4 1 01 1^ 1 ov*
July, old 97 97'Ji, Ofi-% t»7*4
July, new n»i-% nfl T 4 n.%A4 {tr,%
September, old. 'M >4 91% Wn^ ai%
September, new. 00V4 • 01 S3U 00
Corn, No. 2 —
February .... .... MjJL
May .1 5«S 57^ 56»4 .10^
July 65W M'i 55 55%
September 30% 3C?4 36H 3fl'4
Oati". No. 2 —
February — . .... 42 r -»
May 4r,i s 45»4 45 45%
July 42 42*, 41 % 11%
Mess rork. per bbl —
May 10 2." Ifl 37% 10 or. lfl 12%
July 1« 42% 16 42% 1C 07% 10 lo'
Lard, per 100 :hs — .
May 8 05 8 07% 7 07%7P7%
July 8 17% 8 22% S 15 S 15
Short rib*. »er 100 !b» —
May R 02% S 05 7 95 7 97%
July S 07% 8 10 8 05 S 07%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICA-GO, Feb. 27.— Cash quotations were
ns follow*: Flour, steady: winter patents,
$5 1O(i75 20; straight*. $4 R0<p5: spring patents,
$» S0«5 20: straights. $4 40-fM 70; bakers,
$3 WVJ74: No. 2 spring wheat. 97cf4$l 04; No. 3."
90c-e$l 02; No. 2 red. $1 00%#l 07U: No. 2
or.rn, 53e; No. 2 yellow, file: No. 2 oats, 42*Hif$
43*4c: Nn. 3 white, 43«rl5%c: good feeding
barley, 41(il4;tc: fair tn choice malting, 48058c;
No. 1 flaxneed. $1 12: No. .1 Northwestern.
SI lf>: mess pork: per bbl. $16: lard, per 100
lbi>. $1« 12%: short ribs sides (loose), $7 75i?J
7 SO; dry nalted shoulders (boxed*. $7 753
7 87^'.; whisky, basl* of high wines. $7 87%@S;
sugar', cut loar, $1 27; clover, contract graie,
$11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 20.000 22.100
Wheat, bu 62.50O . 17,!»0O
Corn, bu 234.40O 110.400
Oats, bu 270.000 164,S(K)
Rye. bil 5,000 1,«0i»
Barley, bu 7S.O00 63,000
■ Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. . Feb. 27. — CATTLE— Receipts,
S0O; nominal: good to prime steers, $4 flfMj
5 75; poor to medium. $3 5O#4 00; stackers
pnd feeders. $2 5O®4 20: cows, $1 5O©4; heif
ers. *2©~4 50; cannery. $1 5fMJ2 40; bulls, $2©
4; calves. $3 5007: Texas fed steers. S4«4 W.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 20.000; Monday. 50,
000: slow and steady; mixed and . butchers.
?5 35@5 75; good to choice heavy. $5 75®
5 80; rough heavy, *5 4O0."> «5; light, $5 20®
5 55; bulk of *ale«, .«5 4005 70. -
SHEEP — Receipts. 1000; rheep, strong to
rteady; lambn. strong to steady; good to choice
wethers, *4 25@4 60; fair to choice mixed.
$3 B5iQ;4 25: Western sh«x>p. $4 25fj4 75: native
lambs, $4 50?f6; Western lambs, $4 35^0 15. ".'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
• CHICAGO^ Feb. 27.— On the Produce Ex
change to-dav the butt»r market was flrm:
creameries. 14«?l6e: dilrles. 13%@22c. VltcRt,
weaker; lS%@19%c. Cheese, firm; lOUeil^Jc.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
'4 LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening Nominal. 6 0% 6 9%
Closing Nominal. 6 9% <"• 0$s
PARIS.
Wheat — " Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 22 20 22 60
Closing 22 05 22 40 .
Flour —
Opening • • 30 25 30 55
Closing 29 90 30 35
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 27.— Wool nominal: me
dium crrades. combing and clothing, I"®21i4c;
light fine. U>«17%c; heavy fine, 12©14c; tub
washed, 20^-31c.
Northern- Business.
SEATTLE, Feb. 27.— Clearings, $530,052;
balances, $06,133.
TACOMA. Feb. 27.— Clearings. $308,515; bal
ances. $24,721.
PORTLAND. Feb. 27. — Clearings, $062,303;
balances, $03,035.
SPOKANE, Feb. 27. — Clearings. $307,060;
balances, $20,442.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 27. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 78c; Bluestem, 83c; Valley, 82c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 27.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Bluestem, S4c; Club, 7»c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver and New York Exchange are higher.
Sterling Exchange remains unchanged.
The China took out for the Orient a treasure
list of $310,521 87. consisting of $33,810 In Mex
ican dollars. $2230 in gold coin and $6t>,600 in !
silver bullion for Hongkong and $207,872 87 in .'
silver bullion for Shanghai. ;
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 844 >
Sterling Exchang-e. sight — 4 S"4 '
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 SS'/aj
New York Exchanre. sight: — 15 |
N»w- York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17
Silver, per ounce ; — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal i — ■ 47 Vi I
Wheat and Other Grains. j
-
WHEAT — The week closed with easier mar- |
kets both here and abroad. Foreign futures 1
were lower and Chicago declined several frac- ;
tlons on the day. In this market futures were
lower, but the cash grain remained as before, j
CASH WHEAT. j
California Club. $1 424@t 474; California j
White Australian $1 524@1 574; Northern |
Club $1 424@'l 47U; Northern Bluestem, |
$1 024@l 5"4 per cti. : , 1
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 »7U $1 47»i $1 4tV>4 ?1 47H 1
December ... 1 44 1 44 1 434 1 44 j
RARLEY — Both cash grain and futures re- I
m*lned about the same and the market ex- j
hiblted no new features. j
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 O8*4@l 11 U; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15(gl 174; Chevalier. $1 :"4@1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cose. I
May $1 074, $1 OS $1 O7',4 $1 CS j
December ... 1 024 1 02*4 1-02*1 1 M% j
OATS — The Government has arranged to take |
1200 tons at Portland for. Manila, delivery to. j
be made March 5. Otherwise there Is nothing ,
hew. About 5000 ctl3 came In from Washing
ton yesterday. . , :
White $1 274®1 37%; Black. $1 25@1 53; j
Red. $12501 32V4 for feed and $1 30® 1 35 for i
seed: Gray $1 324 Per ctl.
CORN — Previous quotations- rule, with a
moderate demand and a firm tone>
Western sacked, $1 374©1 40 for Yellow.
$1 374@1 40 for White and $1 35 for Mixed;
California large yellow. $1 374@1 424; small
round do, $1 50; White. $1 374@1 40 per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 42% for white and $1 80 for
brown.
RYE— $1 30® 1 32% per ctl. !
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per ctl. - j
Flour and Mil'Istuffs.; ,';' \
FLOUR— California Family < Extras. .$4 SO® j
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4-70©j:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85®* 25
per bhl. • t -.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per : 100-Mbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3: Rice' 'Flour, '1
$7: Corn Meal. $■> 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats $4 60; Hominy, $4@4 25;' % Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $,'< 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25(38 60; In sacks, $6 75@S 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs., ;
Hay and Feedstuff s.
( ■ — — ' !
Receipts of Hay have fallen off sharply dur- |
Ing tha past several days and the market Is •
accordingly steadying again. Prices show no '
change. j
There, were heavy arrivals of Feedstuffs fr&m
the north yesterday, including 10,035 sacks of j
Bran from Washington and 2400 sacks from :
Oregon and 3S14 sacks of Short3 from Wash- j
Ington. The market showed no change,»how- j
ever, being quoted steady.
BRAN— $21®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 5O'g29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21®22 per" ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $24(325 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at tha Mill. $29 50©:: 1 : I
Jobbing, $32; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn j
Meal. $29 5O4i;3O 50; Cracked Corn, 53O031: I
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans, $30® j
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl. I
HAY— Wheat. $15«1S; Wheat and Oat. $1513!
17 50; Oat, §15@17; Wild Oat, $14@lf,;
, "Barley. $13015; Stock, nominal — none here; Al
falfa $12@13 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50@75c p*r bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Bean? continue firm and In lively demand for
overland shipment and large and small White
have araln advanced. Receipts were large
yesterday, as the hi^h water in the Sacramento
River is impelling the Bean men to get their
stocks Into the San Francisco warehouses out
of harm's way as soon as possible.
The grain committee of t!ie Merchants' Ex
change has recommended the adoption of tlie
new rules providing for transactions in Beans
on time ccntractc, as mentioned'a week or ten
days ago.
BEANS— Bayoe. $2 35S2 55! Pea. $3; But
ters ?3 50; small White, $3 10(33 20; iarpe
White. $2 70412 85: Pink. $35?* 25: Red. $.".;
Lima. $3 254t.i 35; Red Kidneys. ?5: Blackeye,
$2 15<S" 25 per ctl; Horse Beans, $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. f:l 75ti4: Yellow
Mustard. $3{f:» 25: Flax. $1 sOftl 00: Canary.
5©5Kc for Eastern; Alfalfa, 14@14»4c: Kape,
l>4@2o: Timothy. 6@f»4c; Hemp. B&03%c per
ib: Millet, 3@34c; Broom Corn Seed, $20^2! ,
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions i and Vegetables.
There was an active market for all de
scriptions of table Potatoes «.nd prices were
well maintained. Jobbers were purchasing
freely in anticipation of a good demand from
retailers, who have been carrying light stocks
for some time. The steamer which arrived
from Oregon on the preceding day brought
down 15041 sacks, > which were freely 'marketed
at previous prices. Early Rose, Garnet Ch!le3
and small Oregon Buiuanks were in good re
quest for seed and prices of all three ranged
higher. Onions moved freely at steady rates.
The Oregon steamer brought down 1081 sacks.
There were liberal arrivals, of southern vege
tal>le-« and most kinds were quoted lower. Poor
ami old lets of Peas and Beans were offering
below the minimum quotation, but found few
buyers. Two sacks of Bay.. Peas, the first of
the season, sold at 8c per pound. Receipts of
Asparagus were 39 boxes and prices ranged
lower. Some very small lots of extra fancy
stock sold at 25c per pound, but the bulk of
the offerings sold within the quoted range.
Rhubarb was plentiful and dull and Mushrooms
were rtlll very weak.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, tt 10
©I 20 per ctl ; Oregon Burbanks, 51 2531 .*0
per ctl: Petaluma «nd Tomales Rurbanks.
$1 15(!T1 25 per ctl: River Reds, Slffl.to per
ctl: small Ortgon Burbank* for need, O0c<f?$ t
per ctl: Garnet Chiles, $l$l,10 per ctl ; Earlv
Rose. $1 25<gl 35 per ctl-.-Swcet Potatoes. $2 1'5
«2 40 per ctl: new Potatoes, 14@;io p«r.'b.
ONIONS — Yellow. ?2 50(52 65 per ctl for Or
egon and $:> for Nevadan; Green Onions. ,ti5@
75c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 18@22}ic per lb
for No. 1 and 10&15c for No. 2; Rhubarb,
SfllOc r«r ' b = Green Pras.-4^7c per lb; String
Beans, 10@174c per.lb: Wax. SBlCc per lb:
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. $1©1 60 per box or
crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles; $1©
1 00 per box; Cabbage. $1 10 per ctl: Carrots.
SOo per suck: Hothouse Cucumbers. 50®75c per
doxen for small and $1@1 25 for large: Garlic
5©Cc per lb: Egg Plant. 20<330c per lb: Dried
Peppers. 5©8c per lb for Stockton and 10<JZl2M.c
for southern; Dried Okra. l0fl'124c per lb;
Green Peppers. 20(S30c perlb: Mushrooms, 5@
124c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, l@-lV»c per lb;
Hubbard, %o per lb.
Poultry and Game.:
■ Four cars of Western Poultry were marketed
during the past week, and as the daily receipts,
of domestic stock., were light the. market veas
firm throughout and was practically, bare at
the clo6e:~ All Indications point toward a firm
market during the ensuing week, and unless
receipts are large prices are likely to advance.
A car of Western falls due to»morrow. There
were 1:0 dressed Turkeys received yesterday.
Receipts of Game were light, but as the de
mo nd was likewise prices were without
change. A portion of the receipts 'still showed
the effects of the close weather, being sour
an-J otherwise in poor, condition. ' . .
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, nominal;
live Turkeys, 15'4 17u per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2{i2 25; uosllngs, ; Ducks. $5 6O&6 50
per dozen fcr old. and $6 &0@7 SO for young;
Hens. $ij SG-ar 50 for large and $5 5O®6 60 for
small; young Roosters, *« 5007 50; old Roos
ter*, #5 C0&4£ti; Fryers, $«©« 60; -Broilers, (iQ
5 So for large and $4 00-tf 5 for small; Pigeons,
$1 20'tfl 50 per dozen for old and $2 2532 SO
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Oe<-«e. $2 50<g3 per dox; White
Geere. 50c&$l; Brant. $1 for small and
$2 for large; English Snipe. $3; common Snipe,
$1 DO: Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1@>
1 20 for brush; Hare. $1©1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There wae ho further decline- in Butter except
a shading in dairy, but the market was weak
and dull, with large stocks. Dealers are under
the Impression that some shipments are now
possible and are accordingly wiring In quest of
orders without definite results thus far.
Cheepe continue* to glut tfc« market, -the de
mand is inslgn.riVant and the outlook for prices
is Eteedil> gettinsr more dubious.
The Egg market continues to decline. Stocks
are enormous and steadily increasing. Dealers
are predicting all sorts of low quotations for
the comlns wee!:. They may or may not be
reaUzed, but tho market is undeniably much
depressed, with a general scramble to sell.
Store Eggs were ofTertd at 17c yesterday with
out finding buyers, and any posted buyer could
get all the fine ranch he wanted at 20c.
Receipts were 54,300 lbs Butter. 1440 casea
Eggs and 15,900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at • first hands. 23c
for extras. 22c for firsts and V0@21c . for sec
ends; dairy. !S®21c; store Butter, nominal;
cold storage. 2Os21c' for extras, ls@19c for
secinds and lwgi.Sc for ladle-packed.
CHEESE— 9<glO4e for good to choice new
and S&SViC for lower grades; Young Americas,
10@llc; Eastern. 15®ltic; Western, ll@15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 19S21c; store, 17@18c ■ per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The cloudy, threatening weather continued
to txert a depressing influence upon the market
for fresh fruits, particularly In the Citrus
department. There was some little activity
during the early trade caused by th» extra de
mand for cheap Oranges among small' retailers
and peddlers for the Sunday trade, but trading
was conlined almost entirely to the filling of
small orders. The large stzes of fancy Navels
were still firmly held, but the demand for such
fruit was of a hand-to-mouth character. Mexi
can Limes wore closely cleaned up and firm,
but all other Citrus fruits were plentiful and
weak. The managers of the auction company
announce that five cars of Navels are at hand
for to-morrow's auction and lour more are re
ported due.
Stocks of common Auples wers steadily ac
cumulating and were offered freely at lower
prices. Medium and fancy grades were rather
dull, but firmly held. -Ripe Bananas were
abundant and met with a light demand.
APPLES— $1 75(g2 per box *or extra fancy',
$1 25<31 CO for ordinary fancy. 85c®$l for
choice and 40<gC5c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage (re
packed). $2 5C©3 per box. L'-'H «„
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25®^ 50
per box for fancy, 75c$t$l 25 for choice and 50c
@$1 for standards; Seedlings, 50c© Jl; Tan
gerlnesv 50c-@*l 25 per box; Lemons, $175^2 50
for fancy $1 25(gl 50 for choice and 75c©$l for
standard; Grape Fruit. $1 25®2 25; Mexican
LI11.es $tj^B 50: Bananar. $1©2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $1 ".002 25 for Central Ameri
can; Pineapples, $1 50® 2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7«#10%c for Royals and
fl@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4V40
5%c; sun-dried. 3»4@4V4e; Peaches. 5«7c;
Fears. S®U4c; Nectarines. 4U@5»4c: Ftge.
white S@4c in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pit
ted B<g9c per pound.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 24©2->4c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association announces ths
following new prices for 1904: Standard grades.
50-lb cases — 2-crown Locse Muscatels, 5%c per
lb: 3-crown. 5>»c: 4-crown. 64c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4V«c: Seedless floated. 4Vic; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons unbleached, 54c. Layers, per 20
lb box — 0-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac- j
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 10-oz ;
carton?, per lb. 7-"S4c: fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. fi%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. ~4c;
choice lC-oz cartons, per lb. 74c: choice 12-oz
cartons. -per" package. 6»4c: choice, bulk car
tor.s. per lb, 7>4c; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per lb, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Setdlings. Muscatels, per Ib. 5%e; bulk,
se«ded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. * softshell. i:»4014c:
N'o 2 114@12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c; ,
No. 2.' 110114c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. ;
lOV-c for I X L. 10-% c for Ne Plus Ultra and j
8=i'c for'Lanpuedoc; Peanuts, C«|7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll«13c: Cocoanut*, $4 50©5; Chest
nuts, 0(g7c per lb. •
HONEY— Comb. 10@114c for white and S4 1 ®
94c for amber: water white extracted. 5®
5V4c; light amber extracted. 3 ! H@»4c; dark.
5\c; light amber extracted. 4%@4%c; dark.
3%04c;
BEESW;AX— 27CI9C per lb.
Provisions.
-Pork at Chicago was 25c lower and Lard and
Rili« 24515c lower. Receipts of Hogs wer?
still large". Conditions were unchanged in the
main, though the outsiders were not as free
buyers as they have been.
It looked yesterday as If the advance ex
pected for to-morrow in the local market would
not take place, as bome cutting was going on
and in view of this several houses said that It
would bp futile to attempt any advance.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. HV-c for light medium. 134c for light,
14c for extra light and 16c ror sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 134c; California
' Hams 12W.@13r: Mp«« Beef. $1' 50011 per bbl;
extra Mess. $11 B0@12; Family. $12 50® 13;
prime M-ss Pork. $15; extra clear. $24©25;
1 ?.IeFS. Sis; Dry Salted Pork. 104311c; Pis'
i Pork, $27; Piss' Feet. $5: Smoked Beef. 14r
■ per lb.
LARD — Tlreces quoted at 7'4c per lb for
compound and 9*ic for pure; half-barrels, pure.
10c; 10-lb tins. 104c: 5-lb tins. 10%c: 3-lb
tin*. 10% c.
COTTO1.ENK— One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels. 9V4c: onj tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
j 9c; five tierces. 8%c per Ib.
! Hides, Tallow, Wool and .Hop*.
Hop? e.re. reported very quiet, as the con
tinued co!J weather in the East has cut down
! the demand for beer, and no further activity
I is looked for until the weather gets warmer.
I There is nothing new in Wool or Hides. '
! HIDES AND fiKINS — Culls and brands sell
I about 4Jilc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. ' it 4c; medium. »4 C : light. 8c; Cow
Hi<les«.' 8c for heavy and Sc for light: Stags. 6c;
Salted Kip 9c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf.
l(J4c; dry Hides, 15SlHc: dry Kip, 13o; dry
Calf ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25f?30c each:
short Wool. 40(9fc5c each; medium. 70^90c: long
Wool, $l@t 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2(82 50 for medium. $1 25S1 75 for
small and 50c for Colt?. Horse Hides, dry'.
$1 75 fcr large and $1 M) for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry i-alted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 31c. Gcat Skins— Prime An
goras, 7. r 'c; large and smooth. COc: medium, 35c;
email. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No.
2 3V«c: grease. 24@3c.
'WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. !MJ
lie- Middle County. .11012c; Northern Defect
ive JiQlOe: Nevada. 13015c: Oregon, • fine, lSff
19c': Oregon, medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS— 25#30c per lb for California, 1903.
and 20c for crop of 1904.
I Meat. Market.
Th^re ar» no further changes to not? under
this head. The supply is fully equal to the
tlemnd - DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates frcm slaughterers to dealers
art* as follows :
BEEF — 64@74c for Steers and GtfJ64c per
1 lb f«r Cows.
j VEAL I.arc*. s<f7J)c; srrta'1. SU1SB4C n#r lb.
i MUTTON— Wethers. 9® 10c; Ewce, 9®94o
• per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 151T16C.
POP.K— Dwffw! Hors, 7«?8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are lor good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. It.-s 50
per cent shrinkage ;or Cattle:
C\TTLE — Steers, .SS'Jc; Ccws and Heifers,
' 7Q8c: thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
! CALVES— 4(344c per Ib (gross .weight).
'■ SHEEP— Wethers. 4>,i©5c: Ewes. 4<«64%c
i per lb (gross weight).
i LAMBS — G®5V,c per lb.
• HOGS— Live Hogs 140 to 200 lbs. 5«H«5»4c:
! over 2CO lbs. S%6.*4c; coft Hogs. iV,<ft%%e;
! Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars, -..o per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. '■
; General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags., -%®- r '?4c spct and 54c
June-July; San Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags.
32S35c; Fleece Twine. 74©Sc. :.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington $S: Seattle. $0 50: Bryant. $C 50; Bea
ver Hill. $3; Standard. $7: Rosiyn. $7; Ccos
Bay. $5 30; Greta. $7:. Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 f>0: ;. Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 2."> In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Eggr. $13: Welsh Lump.
$11 60: Cannel. $S 50 per ton: Coke. $11 50©
13. per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per. long ton." according to brand. •
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases.'
add 5c:- Linseed. 49c per. gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. .In cases, : No. I.'. 70c:
Bakers' AA, $1 1001 12; Lucol, 41c for boiled
and 42c far raw; China Nut. CC07Oc per callsn;
Coooanut Oil. In barrels, 68c fcr Ceylon and 35c
for Australian; extra bleached- winter Sperm
Oil. 80c: natural winter sperm OIL 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. COc; natural Whale
Oil. GOc; extra winter strained Lard Oil. S5c:
No. 1 Lard Oil, 76c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 78c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot OIL ttSc: light Herring- OH.
46>; dark Herring- Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc:
boiled Fish Oil 40c; raw Fish OH. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c; raw Paint OIL 23c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OK. In bulk.
16c; Pearl Oil.. In caaes. 21 He: Astral. 21%c;
Star. 21%e: Extra 8tar. 23%c: Elaine, 27%c:
Eocene. 24%c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, tn
bulk. 16c; in eases. 22%c: Bentlne. In bulk.
13c: In rases. 19%c: 86-desree Gasoline, in
bulk. 25<*: in cases, .lie.
TURPENTINE— 84c per gallon In case* and
78c In drums and .iron barrels.
RF.D AND WHITE LEAD— R-" Lead. 6%0
7c per 1b; White Lead. 6%S7c according- to
quantity. «
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflfflng Com
pany quotes as follows, per ll». in 100-lb baits:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.53c:
Powdered. 6.40c: Candy Granulated. 5.40c: Dry
Gronulated. fine. 5.30c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.30c: Fruit Granulated. 5.80e: Deet Granulated
(100-lb bag* only), B.lOo: Confectioners' A.
6.30c; Magnolia A. 4.90c: Extra C. 4.80c: Qolden
C, 4.70c: "D.". 4.60c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels.. 25c more; boxes. 60c more: WMb .ban,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
8.80c: boxes, 6:05c; H. ft E. Crystal Domlnos.
8.30c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent. ■
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY FEBRUARY 27.
Flour qr sks .. 18.4Tfl| Screenings ska. 3.7PO
Wheat, ctls 13,r.9(r Tallow, ctls ... 2S0
Barley, vlls 7,205 Pelts. No 245
Corn ctls 100 Hides No .... 95."*
Rye "ctls 550 Sugar ctls ... 4.44O
Beans, eks 7.163 Quicksilver, flks • 14
Potatoes, eks . . 2.8S0 Leather, rolls . . 44
Onions sks ... 70O|Wlne. sals 79.150
Bran sks I.. 120! Raisins bxs .. 1.5«i>
Middlings, sks.. R«5Llme. bbls 1S2
Hay tons 455'Chicory. bbls... -43
OREGON.
Flour qr sks .. 2.020iBran. sk» ..... 2.40O
Potatoes, ska .. 3.041 ! Middlings, sks.. 1.112
Onions, sks .... 1.0S4!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks . . 7,0Gfi Bran, ska 10,035
Wheat ctls .... 550 Flaxseed sks... »«6
Oats, ctls .. ... 5.121 Shorts, sks .... 3,514
Potatoes, sks .. 332
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls €00!
STOCK MAEKET.
Securities Close the Week With
out Much Feature.
Fcr Saturday business was fair on the Stock
and Bond Exchange, but the only variation
worthy of remark was an advance In Spring
Valley' Water from $30 25 to $10 25. The oil
and mining stocks were quiet.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 17,322 shares, valued at $S073. the leading !
sates being as follows: Associated Oil. 65S2 j
shires; Claremont. 2S0O; Junction. S10O; Monte
Crlato, 1300; OH City and Sovereign, 700 each;
Twenty-eight. S0O.
The Brunswick Consolidated Mining- Com
pany of Grass Valley has levied an assessment
of 3c per share, delinquent April 5.
An assessment of $15 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Visalia Fruit and Land Company.
An assessment of $25 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the ' capital stock of the
North Pacific Trading and Packing Company
of Alaska.
Sealed proposals will be received until March
IS for the purchase of $5,2«».C0d 3H per cent j
bonds of the city of San Francisco to be is- |
sued for the following purposes: $250,000 f or •
hospitals. $724,000 for sewers. $1,077,600 for
schools. $213.UCO for streets. S27S.4OO for build- (
ings, $739,800 for library. $740,000 for play- ■
grounds &S2S.00U for parks. $5»tt.Of.O for Tele
graph Hill Park and $292,000 for Mission Park.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Feb. 27—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup ..1O7V41O8 4s qr cp newl32Ul33
4s qr reg ...106V*107 18a qr coup ..106^107*4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s 110*;il2>9
Bay CPC 5s. — — Do con 5s. 100 103 «i
Cal C G 5s. — 104 H O W gtd 5s. — 90
C G & E G j Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m <fc ct 5s. — 104 |Om Cable *5s.l22 —
Cal-st C 5s.ll6«4im; Pac G Im 4s 91 9S
C C Wat 6s. — 100V4P E Ry 5a.lo5l4105tt I
E L A P 6S.125 131 |P A C H 6s.lO3% — j
F & C II «s. - 119 IP1&OR 6s. 116 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45% 90 Pc-well-st 6s.ll2Vi —
H CAS 5^8.104 — S E G R 6s. 99^100
Do 5s OHM 00 SF ASJVSs.llS —
Hon R T 6s.l06 — 'Sierra Ry 6s.lll%112«$ |
L A El«c 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s ;
L A Ry 5s. 112% — 1 tlBOO) 105?4 — I
L A -L Co 6e. — — <1910) 106H —
Do gtd 6s. — — <l!V>3)Sr A. 104% — . j
Do gtd Ss.lOS'HlCS^ <10C5)Sr B.IOS 1 /* —
LAP lem 5s.l01}4102 S P of C 6s
Mkt-st C 69.11S — (1906) ....107 —
Do lem 5s.ll6 ! /i — (1912) ....IIS —
MV&Mt T5s. — 111*4 SPC leg 5s. — —
N R of C Cs.107 107 V4 Do stropd.100 109%
Do 5s 117*4 — S P B C 6S.134 — ;
N P C R 5s.lO5 — S V Wat 68.107^ — ,
NCR 5s... — — Do 4s 2dm. 99«-,100
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4» ."Mm. 00«.il0O
N S R R 5s. — 10O14 Stkn G&E Cs — 100
i <) G L H Ss.lCS — U G & E 5S.105V4 —
O T Co 6s.ll9VU19»i
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 jPort Costa.. — —
Marln Co .. — 6.1 IS V Wat Co. 30% 39*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C L & P.- 3»i 3?4'S F G & E. 57V4 —
Mutual EL. — 12 .Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 55 !U O & E.. — 37 i
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd310 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat! Bk. — "l25 Lon P & A. — 170
Anglo-Cat .. 87>4 — Mer Trust... — 223
Bank of Cal.427Vi44O Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 23C0 Sav & L So. — ino
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.025 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ... — 200 IPresidio — 41
Geary — SO I
POWDER.
! Giant 61V4 — I Vigorit *% ~r
I SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c Kllauea S P. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44 '.4 45 Makaweli C. 2» 21
Honokaa 8.. It 12 Onomea S C 23 29
Hutch S PC 8 S»4 Paauhau S P ll»i 12
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 135 130 Oceanic S C. 4<£ 5
Cal F C A. !>5 — Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. 02 — Pac C Borx.161 —
MV&Mt Tm. 90 —
Morning Session.
Board— % .-.
1 20 Alaska Packers' Association ... 135 5O
5 S F Gas & Electric 57 50
4U S F Gas & Electric 57 25
250 Spring Valley Water Co 40 00
50 Spring Valley Water Co. b 30. . 40 25
$2.0CO Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.... 9S 87'j
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 119 23
$l,f>CO S P of Arizona tlOC9)...- 1C5 50
$5,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent 107 50
Street —
$4,CC0 Spring Val 4s (3d mtg»l 99 75
$15,000 L A P R R.lst con 5s 101 50
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Apollo 45 4«
Associated Trust Cert 21
Altec 75 SO
California Standard 13 "
Caribou 1 95
Central Point Con 6:1 ....
Chicago Crude IS ....
Claremont 50 — .
Kupcranza 2 CO
Four «9 7O
Fulton 4 CO
Haufcrd 135 00
Home 1 20 1 25
Independence 15 16
Junction IS 1*J
Ksrn • • 4 "5 SCO
Kern River 13 0O
Monarch of Arizona 41 45
Monte Cristo 77>j 85
Occidental of W Va 10
Oil «Tlty Petroleum 32 33
Peerless 13 50
San Joaquln O & D 2 <k> ....
Senetor W
Sovereign 47
Sterling 2 »» 2 75
Superior ••• 04 06
Thirty-three J- 5 00
Tolteo - • 19 ....
Twenty-elsfht -.'. 4 20 4 25
Wett Shore 2 RO 3 00
Associated Bonds 73 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 3O ■ 1 55
Fischer's Theater 1 OO .
Northern Cal Power 9 37>£ 9 75
SALES.
Morning Session.
200 Fcur Oil .*....: 70
4C0 California Standard It
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask
Bay CPC «s. 99 102% S P Co <%•• 08 09
B L Wat «s. — 120 Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
Cal NW 5s.Hl — Do 5s ....102% —
SF Drdk Ss. — 113% Suttr-st R5S.105 113
SF &.NP 5s.lll!4111% UR of SF 4s 79. 19%
S P C R Is- 100 .
AUCTION SALES
WILSON
THE AUCTIONEER
TURNS EVBRTTHDTO INTO MONET.
GRAND AUCTION ANNOUNCE3IENT-
ENTIRE CONTENTS
. PALATIAL RESIDENCE.
3022 CALIFORNIA ST..
Bet. Ootavla. and Laguna. , .' :
MONDAY. February 29. 1604. 11 a, nx.
The tasteful elegance of these furnishings
commends them to all lovers of tho beautiful.
On account of alterations on buildings we are
Instructed to sell at public auction the artistic
and durable household furnishings of abova
n.pgnlflcent home to the highest bidder without.
reserve or limit, cost or value. Including 1 on ■•
Strahle billiard table,' one square Arlon piano
and contents 14 rooms. Full particulars la
Chronicle. •
"WILSON, the Auctioneer.
& AT AUCTION
HO H DAY, 'FEBRUARY 2 9, at 11' o'clock.
At 615 ELLIS ST..
20 head of WELL BROKEN HORSES and
several BUGGIES. WAGONS CARTS. HAR-
NESS, etc. All horses guaranteed la be u
represented. Phone East 74:!.
S. WATK1XS. Auctioneer.
*>^ By order of Thomas Sheldy. contrac-
■'•■^ tor of Nevada. I will sell at auction . H
fine mules. 10 heavy draught horses. 37 till
purpose horses, loo styles vehicles. 5o sets har-
ness, at 1140 FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY. March
1. 11 a. m. WAI. « 'LOUGH. Auctioneer.
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
Ala S Co — 22 Mils Nat F.k.300 ; W
Cal Cot Mils — 83 Nev Nat Bk. — 210
Cal G&ECor. 40 — N S R R' 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 9» 120 N C P Co. . . 9 —
Cal Powder. 125 — Oak Bk Sav. 112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con.. 65 —
Cal T I & T.115 140 IOOF Hall A 5% — "
Cen Bk. Oalc K!»4 — Orpheum Co. — 16*;
Chutes Co .. <>% 73|j Pac S Tel... — luo>,
City & C Bk. — 112 Paxaf Paint. 39 —
East Dynm.150 230 S V Drydock tSO —
FN Bk, Oak.120 — SF&SJ Coal. — 22Ji
Fischer Thtr 1 — S J Wat Co. — 1O«
Frnch-A Bk.103 — SO & MTsht — 163
Gas Con A.. 19% 21 »wiss-A Bk.114 —
Hono P Co. 9% — Truckee Elec — 13
Lon& SF Bk — 60 L'R Inc pfd. 41 % —
Mat Nav Co. — 90 Do com . . 10% —
Morning Session.
Street —
$4.0110 United R R of S F 4 per cent. . 7t» 00
$1,000 S F & N P Ry 5 per cent Ill 23
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:-
Morning Session.
600 Andes 50' ino Ophir 4 SO
30O Caledonia ...1 13 200 Overman ....
2CO Con C & Va.t.esj 8CO Savage &>
3C0 Hale & Norc.l 00, 200 Savage 4,7
500 Hale & Norc. 05 SCO Savage 4H
200 Hale & Norc. 94 «)O Savage l»
ato Mexican 1 SQ 500 Union Con .. 8a
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th«« sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 50: 10O Kentuek Ki
200 Andes 49, 300 Mexican 180
200 Belcher 32 100 Mexican ...1 S2'j
100 Best & Belch.2 19 100 Mexican ...1 77'.
100 Caledonia ...ll.V 700 Savage 4H
200 CholUr W 1 ICO Savage SO
400 Con C & Va.l «H 2OO Savage S2
100 Con C A V.I 67%: 20O Sierra Nev ..'S!
5OO Crown Point . 24 ! 200 Union Con . . (W
2C0 Gould A Cur. 43 j 1W) Utah 21
100 Hale & Norc. 951
TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
200 Brunswick .. Ofi'lWX) Rmcu# 11
3OO Evelyn 33: 3<X> Ton Belmont. .V.
4C0 MacNamara . 19 j «0O Ton Belmont. 5-*
20o MacNamara . 18 j 800 Ton Belmont. 5.%
700 Mont Ton. .1 32%) 20O Ton Belmont. 5rt
1200 Mont Ton . . 1 .TO ; 300 Ton Belmont. 57
1000 Paymaster ... llj 100 Ton Midway, ca
100 Rescue 10!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Feb. 27—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I ; ; , ■• • Bid. Ask.
Alpha 0« C8 ! Justice *S 07
Alta 07 lOKentuck 02 0:;
Andes 47 48 Keyes Graes.. — 1 7.V
Belcher 32 33 Lady Wash.. — CH
Rest &. Belch.2 05 2 2S Mexican 1 75 1 W»
Bullion 11 12 Occidental ... *2 M
Caledonia ...1 10 1 20 Ophir 4 7U 4> 7.".
Challenge Con 32 .T3 Overman .... 31 "2
Chollar 19 20 Potosl 1H 17
Confidence ... 1 101 20 Savage 85 57
Con C ft Va.l «i> 1 «5 Scorpion 02 r,r.
Con Imperial. 02 OSiSeg Belcher.. 07 as
Con NT 03 05 Sierra Nev . . 52 54 .
Crown Pclnt. 23 25 ' Silver Hill . . C5 »!S
East Sierra N 05 — I St I»uls .... — 16
Eureka Con... — £10 Syndicate ... 04 r.s
Exchequer ... 15 16,fnion Con . . R5 86
Gould A Cur. 41 4.1.1 7 tan 21 22
Hale & Norc. 98 1 CO' Yellow Jacket 46 49
Tii f la. 04 IVi i
TONOPAH MINES.
Eld. Ask. Bid. As*.
Esperanza ... — 01 Ray Ton .... — 2<>
Gold Anchor. 13 24! Ray A OBrien — IO
Gold M Con.. — «O Rescue 10 —
Hannapah ... — 23 Ton Belmont. 54 ".
Hannapah Mu — 15|Ton * Cal.. — 20>
MacNamara . 17 20JTon Exten... — 75
Mlzpah Ex .. 10 — ITon of Nrv. .5 7.1 6 C»
Mont Ton..l 27% 1 M0. Ton N Star.. 3t —
Nev Chief .. — 401Ton Midway. 39 40
N T Ton — 02|Ton Superior. ' — 11
Pavmaster ... — lllUnited Ton . . 10> —
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S£\C r5Sv ' Steamers leave San Fran-
/C9^~^Q«\. c l sco "3 follows:
/<rZ_ _ Xrf\ For Ketchlkan. TVrangel.
/u/\?SRSB n **\ Ju"*au. Halnes, Skaguay.
I I Vl3G* I I * tCl Alaska— 11 a. m.. Feb.
I \ V^V^Ca/ ./ 25. Mar. 1. ( hanse v> cora-
W\ \A /$/ P ar) y' s steamer at Seattle.
Port Townsend,' Seattle. Ta-
- ""^ eosia. Everett. Whateotn —
II a. m., Feb. 20. 23. Mar. 1. Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka (HumboTdt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
P. m.. Feb. 23. Mar. 3. Corona. 1 :3O p. m..
F*b. 25, Mar. 2. -.%...
For Los Angelrs (via Port Los Angeles and
Rrdor<do), Sau Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rnsa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loh Anceles (via Saa Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 20. Mar. 8.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Feb. 23. Mar. 4. '
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. I-a Paz. Santa Ro~
calia. Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. , For further information obtain folder.
Right "s reserved to changa steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OrTICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broal-
way -wharves. Freight of flee. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUXANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels an<l
residences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O. /?- & N. CO.
Oregon sails Feb. 27. March 8, IS. 28. April
7. 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon la temporarily !»
service Instead of ibe Columbia. George W.
Elder sails Mar. 3. 13. 23. Apr. 2. 12 and 22.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and
short rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RAXES. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st. at 11 a.m. 8. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Mrmtgomery st. : C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Mont-
gomery «t.
occaHics.5.co.j^iii
S. S. SIERRA, 'or Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thur.. March 3. 2 p. m.
t S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Men. 12, 11 a.m.
8. S. MARIPOSA. forTahiU. Mch. 13. U a.m.
ii.j?!£mLJisitJs.w,igti..rdtit3ira,!«Birtta
W^iffla. Ul BtrbtSL.Pb.-ljL 7. Pasfc It
COJJPAQjnt GEIZRAL-5 TZlH3ITJiSTIJ7i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^^ .
fc'ailiriK evtry Thursday Instead of *4Effl**)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. "-« r «« : -
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
end class, to Havre. 945 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Patfflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. £an Francisco.
Tickets sold by all R;t!lroa<1 Ticket Agents.
Mara Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8::K> p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. tn.. ex. Sunday.. Sun-
day. 7 a.m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 150§, Pier 2. ■ Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
m:os.
4748
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Walter Scott Brown, a prominent
ir.ember of Oriental Lodge No. 144. P.
and A. M., died last Friday at his resi
dence, 612 OTarrell street. The at
tending physician gave the cause of
death as "coma from injuries." Coro
ner Leland vat informed that the in
juries were received eight years ago
by Brown falling off an Ellis-street car.
So long a time had elapsed between
the Injury and the death that the Coro
ner declined to sign the death certifi
cate until Autopsy Surgeon Baclgalupi
should have performed an autopsy.
Death of Frank Ellison.
NEW YORK. Feb. 27. — Frank Elli
son, known as "Biff," a familiar char
acter in this city, is dead from pneu
monia. He is said to have been the
youngest officer in the Union army,
having run away from his home in
Philadelphia and received a lieuten
ant's commission at the age of 15. Elli
son was once a member of the Stock
Exchange and belonged to the leading
clubs. In 1S93 he assaulted another
broker and was sentenced to five years
In the penitentiary.
Death of Well-Known Prison Warden.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. Feb. 7. —
George W. Dow, warden of the State
Prison since Utah was admitted as a
State in 1896 and for several years
warden of the United States peniten
tiary during Territorial times, died to
day after a long illness. He was a
native of New Hampshire and was 65
years old.
Sydney B. Fairchilds Passes Away.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 27.— Sydney B. Fair
childs, the oldest member of the teleg
raphers' association known as "Old
Timers," and father-in-law of Sculptor
McMonnies, died to-night, aged 72
years.
Wife of a Novelist Is Dead.
NEW YORK, Feb. 27. — Mrs. George
W. Cable, wife of the novelist, is dead
in the German Hospital here owing to
an operation to which she submitted
there some time ago.
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page 46.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors ot
HaiEted & Co., »46 Mission street. Inter-
ment National Cemetery.
BASCII— In this city. February 26. Fred
Busch, a native of Germany, aged 43 year*
und «J months. A member of Redwood Lodge
No. K2. K. of P.. and Bakers' and Confec-
tioners' Union. Local No. 24.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Inttrment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BACHELDER— In this city, February 27. 1904.
Frank J. Bachelder, beloved father of Mrs.
Belle B. Enquist. a native of Gardiner.
Maine, aged t>7 years and 5 months. A mem-
ber of Pacific Coast Commercial Travelens'
Association.
C?" Friend; and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday k. at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker A: Lunt, 2O0»» Mission street,
between Twenty-Second an.J Twenty-third.
Minion Masonic Temple, unticr the au«pi»cs
of California Lodge No. I, I. O. O. F. ln-
termeni Mount Olivet Cemetery-
BERUY— In this city, February 27, 19M. Wil-
liam Graven Berry, beloved son of John and
Elizabeth Btrry. and brother of Hora-ce J..
« "harlefc and Frank Berry, a native of San
Francisco, ared :;i year*. A member of
Company Y. First California Volunteers.
(Philadelphia pai>ere please copy.)
CTFri.-nds and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
iMondsy). at I'M o'clock, from the reEi-
dence of his parents, 905 Howard street.
BRENNAN— In this city. February 2C, 1904.
Mary. «i»-arly beloved wife of Edward Bren-
nan." and mother of Charles. William and
Catherine Brennan. and dearly beloved
daughter of Mrs. Catherine Broad and the
Ian- Charles E. Broad.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
iMcnday>, »t S* o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 47 Sanchez etreet, thence to Mis: inn
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will b<: celebrated for the rfjxwe of her soul.
Interment Holy Crot* Cemetery.
OKflCEBS and memljers of Buena Vista Par-
lor No. «>. N. D. G. \\\, are hereby notified
to attend the fun*-ral of our late sister, Mrs.
Mary Brennan, Monday morning at 9 o'clock,
from her late residence, 47 Sanchez street.
UBS. EMMA ANDERSON WEBER, Pres.
MILS. H. M. OHEJINE. Secretary.
BROWN— In thbi city. February 25, 1D04.
Walter £. Brown, a native of Canada, aged
Cb jfJirs 0 iiionlh* and 24 days.
CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to tttend the funeral to-day
<truiiday>, at - o'clock, from the Masonic
Tem;>le, corner of l'ost and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Oriental Lodge
No. 144. F. and A. M. Interment Odd Fei-
lowa' Ccmet-ry.
Bl'TLER— In this city, February 26. 1D04,
James A., beloved mn of Jame« and the
late Catharine Butler, and brother of Anna
and Thomas Butler and Mrs. Louis Beau-
do:n. a native of San Francisco, aged 22
year* 2 months and 4 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are re?;>ect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Sunday). at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -to Morris avenue, between Fifth and
hlxtli. Bryant and Harrison streets, thence
to St. Itose't Church for services at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A requiem mas* win be celebrated to-mor-
row (Monday), at 'J o'cliK'k, at St. Hose's
Church, for the reiiot^e of his. *oul.
CAb"l'll.LAK-ln this city. February 27. 1904,
Harrison M. t'astillar, beloved father of Mrs.
Willie m H. Crim Jr., a native of Troy.
New York.
CJ'Th"" funeral will take place to-morrow
<Monday>. at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors, 1721
DevisEdt-ro street, Ijetween Sutter and liush.
lntt-rmt-nt Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CONE— In Oakland. «.al.. February 26, 19O4,
Mary Cone, b/loved wife of John A. Cone,
and mother of Mrs. William Shephard. James
E-. John J., Annie A.. Charles H.. Cather-
ine A. and Ixrrell A. Cone, a native of Ire-
land, aeed tS yearr.
CFrlendfi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 1 :'M o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 9-7 Poplar street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be held at
2 o'clock. Interment et. Mary's Cemetery.
OORDOZA — Entered into rest In Seattle,
Wash., February 21. VM-A. Catherine A. Cor-
dora, a native of Kan Rafael, aged 30 years
11 month* and 13 days.
CRISP— In thl< city. February 27, 1904, Wil-
liam Crisp, a native cf England, agi-d 84
years.
1>ARGIE — In Oakland. Cal.. February M, lftflj,
William E. Darfie Jr.. beloved »on of Wil-
liam E. and lirmlnla Peralta Uargie. a na-
tive of < Oakland, aged 21 years and 2 months.
£2"Friei,d« end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday morning, February 29. at ii:U0
• o'clock, fmm the residence of his parents
c-orner of Kact Twelfth street and Coule-
■ vard. E«Ft Oakland, thence to St. Francis de
■Sales Church, corner of Twenty-first and
•Grove streets, when; a solemn requierr high
tii££i> uin be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment at St. ilary'e Cemetery.
ELKITS — In this city, February 26, I0O4,
I^ouie. beloved husrbarid of Cordelia. Elkus,
and beloved father of Albert, William H-.
• Eugene £.. Ceoorge W., Edward M., Louis
A. and Cliarles de Y. Elkus and Mrs. S. S.
.Kahn, a native of Germany, ased 7tf years
7 months and 19 days.
C^Kriends and acqualntanera are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday) at 10 o'clock, at his late
r^-Mdence. '2V2S PacISc avenue. Interment
Home vf JVace Ometery. by special train
leaving Third and Towntend etreets mX 11:10
o'clock.
OFFICER? and memlxrs of the First Hrbrew
Benevolent Soriety— Vou are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral cf our late
member. Louis l£lkus. Sunday, February "s
at 10 o'clock, at his late residence 2^"8 Pa'
cJfic avenue. By order.
B. ZEKIXD. SecreUr>'.
EW1N« — In thi» cltj-, February 27 1904
• Carles Gray Ewine. beloved husband of
Kllen E. Ewln*. and father of Mrs J n
Mackinzle. lira. E. E. Williams an ,i Grace
riorenee and Jepsie Ewlng, a native of
Greenock. Scotland, aced C8 years. (Sydney
and Melbourne pcper» please copy )
JETKunera! efrvlcts at hi* Ute residence
2221 Fcott Ftr»pt, Monday, at 1:30 o'clock!
Interim-nt
FRANCIS — In this city. February 26, W04 at
tu residence, CS Pleac&nt street, Robert
■ ■■■■. - ' ' ' " HAliE*S.
HALE'S. | HALE'S. x \ HALE'S. | HALE'S. I . HALE'S. __J . . ;
/&^^ # *K^© ' iBarrjf Another week of Easter advantages at Hale s: Women are interested. \|gi J\Wg&/ (y J
\»\ '^fflll Fashion makes the big spread of the season this week. Women This gowning of women is perhaps thc chief feature of Hale \ /
, ifl^ wn0 en J°y pretty things will enjoy this display. It's the first op- merchandising. • ¥*±^*(4\SS<Jy Jr^\
///*^^^^0 fjftj portunity to get' a comprehensive idea of what's to be worn. A No store could study thc question more thoroughly ; no store SfePS^^y J7^ \
// 1 / IfT^T^^^^Jnw'i move characteristic of Hale's — planned early and on thc same stands closer to the sources of supply ; no store is better able to : Hf.§fiJrWj /^r \
////// I^M^W/vi* broad scale we do other things. It's sure to prove wonderfully get "inside" deals. All these six Hale California stores stand as I'H^U*^ \ if j
ll( I ffi? W\U' helpful to any woman thinking of a new dress. Such an important one in the world's markets, exercising a leverage power single con- : -.tf.-$ \ 1 | /
I I 1 1 I H 'l ( 'h occasion with such important stuffs to show we've given up the en-" cerns little dream of. So it is Hale's arc able to show such a va- ll^'i; 1^^ 11//
I I I I I Jfr t ' re window front to it — that in itself is a sight to see. riety and to ask such fair prices, most notable of which are '^%^! 1 I / /
\ ! I \ !m\M'M The Frenc h Voiles at $1 Yard $1.25 Peau de Cygnes at 65c Ip^i^ 1/ / i
\\ I I I \% t ' \ Nine beautiful Easter shades; violet, champagne, maroon, light gray, Four Easter shades (if we had all of tKem we couldn't sell it for 65c), Jr^jfr '•: j'i : "'*^4 .ft tl '
\\ I \ It • I^IIf \V 1 brown, navy, biscuit, cream and golden brown. Cardinal, old rose, delicate pink and the other is a changeable rose. t > S-Ju'Styi^ :r"-:^M- ;^, f »/ i
Pi \ / V |)l '. '•$| 1> Y*, < \ This is the coveted stuff— thin, airy, wiry. A cloth with twice thc or- It's a beautiful French silk with a brilliant luster; one that docsn t Y^k^-X'^'W}^/ r-
Ju \ \\l '. ,*O *W«\ dinary charm. In addition to the laces and trimmings to go on. the out- crack or split — a favorite for shirt waists or party dresses — soft and crepy. l~''~X\" -$^^%jr f'J'l 1
\\ \ \|l ' -m\ W.\ side, it's open enough to be lit up by some bright, shiny lining on the in- Crepe de Chine — Popular for after- Silks for 'Shirt Waist Suits. (' J\y '"'■%V->WJ/ HI •!
JL » iWi m»\\£\ side. In fact, most of the materials in cotton as well as woolens this noon and evening wear, especially , . tr - n *A I Ml M \\/ lu ( 4 fUi.- .
spring show this unselfishness of fashion— crepes, etanuncs, eolieniws, fish liked for its softness and draping The prettiest is a bayadere stripcu .» .^ /
== Threads, dress "«,, and so on. ;Wc are Wg fixed in ,hen> aU. qualili e S , 85c. - j*gg fe^Sfi|p ? Suvjo Q as HgaterS
Sewing shields, needles, but- In Colors. In Slacks. Soft Japanese Silks— White, with cm- ?I25 . Then a taffeta with hair lmc OUVIUUaa licaiti^
SllDDlies tons, ' bindings— Fish net voiles. 42 In. $1.50. Bouttone mistrals. 44 in. $1.25. broidcrcd dots, 85c. Gripes and checks and colored £Q C
uu^uw or.-.rfV.;r.«- ,-«„ mav Seeded voiles, 42 in. $1.00. Voile de Chine, silk and wool, 42 in. Changeable Louisine— with small grounds; also gun metal effects with rn ««tnri^vet
===== anything >OU may voile de Chine. .Ilk and wool. 40 in. 51-00 . dots, 7 =ic; small check, in black jacc-uard figures and a violet pm ' S^VqSTc^heater to take the
have ?he g °sTa n mp CrCPC PaHS ' " in ' ?5C ' SSfSeSS^S. 4 / 2 | fl't and white and navy and white, 65c. stripe, ?I .0O. fiSSft^ SS ffi P^it S
of gooLeL'and sa'kctoT- Millinery. Salon With Its Early Fashions . i^^ gi - llshtandheatatthe l
ness characteristic of the The sun is shining here— fashion's sun. It's a '>rf\ The tailored hats (ready-to-uears) are worth a °
good goods store. , . . . , . '. , y. \ ™ n '.i v ;c;t It's wonderful the stvle and dash 7^ ZZ : ~7 ! The first one no
Stool Cotton— bright, cheery, springtime corner. There are the / % \ special visit, it . wonaerui uie tllU Qo-CartS ono will want to
P coat and Clarke white or bjack. unfolding flowers and the green Icavcs-so sugges- / . fcflL* • ;• and dressiness that s worked up in them this iiYS mhs to . morrow is
5c; 55c doz. . & , ,. . . , . . J rcfs*®^.*-*'"* -T • They are coming to till a special niche in , arc interesting. , •
Grover's basting cotton. 200-yd. tlVC O11C almost pauses to listen tO birds Slllglllg. ,7 +J&F*^ ■'',**%*' f ■"'• ' ' m^, h 1 1 1 , a I tllls '
spools. 2^ c. .. . 1/1 4 T. 1 - t • , ,., / *£T'.24ifflm/./:*\' feminine dress.' The well-dressed woman has one . p,,c-, p ec jj n j n<T Cart $4.0 ;.
Superior basting cotton, 50-yd. l es, the earlv styles are out. 1 hough it isn t like / J^^j&Jm**-'. >*•>> iciuuuuv. i i un .^ueii i\cliuuu o w» -+ jd
spools. 6c doz. - „ . , , J . . , , , / r .-\& : "" now to go with her tailored costume. Its tne i j t - s j ust as i arge and with every
Spool Silk- a full-orbed day, yet the morning has beauty the "V " lv hat to slip O n in a -hurry improvement, even to .the automo-
C 50-yd.spool5.blackandcolor5.Sc. HOOll day hasn't. i ! " - •- I rWUnn biI ° ear (patCnt *P""Z S . On thc
Carlson Currier, 100-yd. spools, ' . 1 wQsEsSfrigr' T^* for the street— to wear especially u t.ic weather is i.n- u .j lec ] s ) a - tne mO re expensive ones.
60° : \°\" 15C: ' 2 ° Z> 30C: l ° Z> AS tllCSC nCW hat5 fr ° m NCW V ° rk and Paris COmC X ti&Efr if settled The rain doesn't hurt it. just as substantial and well made in
Spoo^ tw°st! 16 yds., 5c. in they are the center of much interest. We arc not hid- \ N . " \v c have verily thousands of styles. $i!oo to«$io.oo. every way, though maybe not quite
Braids — IOC pC. ing them, though of course we will give them a setting in \ JK^^-.^-Ta The most popular are $-'75, $3--?5, $475 and $5.50— all as elaborate as the higher priced
Al Wack and'coK'ioc 5 '^ Ple " S ' * fCW dayS that S" m3kC f?" m ° r ° S^H?5; hand-made. if one wants fanc5er carts they
<TtfVr Ri'tifHitve - , * arc here— even for the proudest par-
™*3s «"* and e.,o ra . Unusual Readiness in Women's Costumes «-*§gjj »»«* *.'.♦» ■">
Taffeta silk seam binding. 6-yd. —To, meet any taste; any purse. Thc last week has brought in hosts i^&V^^-l Reclining Folding CartS $4.50.
n r c C/ C V/7-Il.-^ 42*^. Oi them — so many, in fact, we have had to give up twice as much room to '^b.^iaaS&Sa^ That"- anew idea. Thc child docs
urcss ontciu* yc. ?TO§bkI^ costumes alone as we have devoted heretofore. : i^"-^ffiS»P' not have to sit up stiff, but drop the
Stockinet, Nos. 3 and 4. One ncw 1 ! eatlirf; lIl is spring is misses' costumes. We are giving them ■ " ''^*\3SHm!$iEL back down and make a bed and yet
ffi)flffiaRj^*|g»^ the same particular attention a* we do women's — $1475. $16.50, $20, $2.2.50. fold the whole thing up like a pocket-
Mildward sewing needles, all And thc women's? We can't begin to give you an idea ul them all in y s^a knife carry it <>n thc car; wheels
Ve'DTp^P^nfbest brass sharo f " the limited space. Let's look at the medium-priced ones. jmf rubber tired
* point" solid head. 5c. ' " »l«.r»O-Four styles, all Eton Jacket suits In *2O.O<>-Two striking styles; etamine .chev- ■ Another similar Style in reed with
puiniB, »uuu iiwu, ui, s1?R\ : <$£jkt*. bluc - blai ' k anii 1'rown. as well as a lots and fancy mixturrs. blacks, . .. a&BR£E@f%K t * T-,.-, \ t;,, t-.l,!^ - !
Buttons /^'W^^Sk rew er *y mixtures, broadcloths and browns blues and crays: Eton wltl. /J?Z&%^£k CZVlt >eat ' r ° lhn " adjU>tal)Ie r:ed
-.,. ■-- ._ ... _,,_„. ,,,,, «. Ar- t **'$ai;'' :: *\88bk cheviots mostly. Some with larse girdle: collarless; drooping shoulder t^\ 'F&**^?':/flrk dash, automobile gears, $6.50.
Gilt ones, ball shape. l- J /4c, 25c. /■*■■■■'■???.> :'■''.'> !W*Sl\ shoulder cap*s extending almost to the capes set off with fancy braid and vv»Jif'V'"» >M;
35c and 50c doz. g-lfca-Vy I" * •■■>•■ SSXV\ waist line; fancy sleeves; some with metal buttons. The other with shoul- t 'rf : *iF7 ZHHZI r
Gilt ones, half ball shape, 12iic. black and sold brai.l. plpiiiK and cilt ,kr rapes, stitched straps of the xamt. ■> s?*£Jw-Wf^: : tf: : *JlZi " O T C Ot
25c and ."5c doz. l$&W?>*';i$*>£BJ buttons; others with trlpl* cape*, yorne material an.l buttons to match. They ~£^?pr t %i$&{i % T > M .« M 1,-. .! n
Roman pearl ball shape buttons, " r>':'^-\\i 1 ' l '''.Sta wlth hand!l of fame materials, silk all hsvc full flare skirts with fancy l^^''? A iife3aHrw I rUllKS tncm , all new
50c and 75c doz. n'?#&&L&',8r& buttons, fancy Persian vests; silk ,,kated panel effects. r»* C I imlfrnofl with
Fancy Roman pearl buttons, small R$Wkj W' A . birred E lrdle5. ,,»_Eton blouse *ult« in bfoaJcloth, and ' OnDlg Scale ail(l £ OOCi ' U . lUl
size. 25c and 75c doz. ftfe) *1S.75-Seven styles; Eton* in jackets and *""''Sf bte anVtekf « st'lJ CVerV neW im ~
n^'an^^c p s^d^a|cy r V^! 0^;e^ P : ffi. .<-^h. nd^ty of provemciit ; prices lowest in
fjr.yrti F\>' : '\i' '.•' \/f tional choosing, teome are collarless; t* | "i- i \i*WtV ; !- tVio .~i*-,-
Stnall cold and white and KOld 6afeM;K /V some wltn vest - collar and cuffs of ?a."i.<K>— Eton-blouse suits In blues, blacka TWfC^f^ttTft' lne CU > •
.tllw If.^nc «p ,Mt f' ii! TB^ V'-' >">v white broadcloth trimming with mixed and brov.ns; *ne with fancy Persian /£-«S BS^iiBB ¥« <'omp nrir#>« aw ->c !.»«• n<
crochet buttons. 35c doz. fc TjPWa'S £/^ - braid and buttons: vests with sold ap- vests: silk collar and cuffs: trimmed .(''«*) KSjj£E it? . • -OlllC prices are as lo\\ a.i>
Silk buttons in gold ana Bulgarian r';" V •:'"'• 1>V<"- y 9 * 0 } 1 pllque; others have shoulde'r capes. with »llk braid and small cold but- \__S feKp:£5 :** V Oll would nav if vi m wpnf
ideas, 65c doz. fi. .i-v-i -,• ; \\ / 1 pat ch pockets trimmed with 'button? tons. Another with 1 - S e fancy sc«l- t^tfv' i: fj **i *• V , 1, - " - UU %VCI1L
Hnm Bones 8 O Olid IO in ' 1C tf-1 '•"^•■iV l\ and tailor stitching. They all have silk lop^d collar, i»ilk vesting, silk shirred r^^'ii:^ rieht to the factorv. Ill tact,
jiuiu iH'ino v, y umi* xv nt.., jv W-'l- ''?"■;■' <»\. ■ and satin llninsr. (?lrdle; skirts to match. r*»*? : ; iJ •-•&? A • t ' e
m,a,c b o n c ca^-v-yj. P ,cc,-s i|g^^ Walking Suits W* the picture). $ 1 5.00 mmm-.tt r^r fo/ ," s -
!•■«•• ' ?''W'*w •■"^L."*^ T-t t 1 1 j 1 1 -1 • 11 . /iif H?v^ti"> i tlit-M heavier bumpers, longer
T.T ~u- , .A 77..^^ \i nr . *> ~..A .. ffr:* l:' i: ! '^i -'.v^'*- ;; 3^ They have a dash and style and tailoring you would not expect at /Mtift«H$S \ Mim u: iu t .
HooksaildEyCS—.\0S.3 and 4; J$iW i $$W$<& $1500, Of a very fine grade mannish-mixture; browns, blues and black WMMWp&M/ hmges. another cleat,
Zchite and black; 2 dozen 5c. > '''& : ty' < ?'.$&r effects. The coat is a 22-inch collarless one. pleated back and with two l.''^^V y^ y:^K > \A' stronger clamps, and SO on.
TrnriiKx Whrrh <\inol<> nr rlnu <J2lS>5^ ?g^J?^«W of the prettiest sleeves we have seen this season. It buttons double; JtfJfft l $i$Xi&*\K Tne Hale trunk styles
... sr-- *■ '■'■- J ■•• • ■'■]'••'■ • •. .: p \ j inc SKirt pieaiea. m&iep lengm. • £& i F J \ : *rH 4.WT\V\i'i\ :'-\ more rlistinrttvp tbi>* <if»a*;rm
blc: PlCCC. :[ X : S-M : '"-'Vf' '••"' '•y-)>^ At $lo.C0 are four dress styles In mixtures— dressier mixtures than one Is In the habit f; :'^-*-rA'\ :^^\>^c\>\ , s ims awsun
■' J I _ •'■L'.'/ji'-'.' *• -I'tV.'* ■ Ss of seeing. Some have collars, some not; they all have the large puff sleeves; some Qiv> '/Sf'^1 v- "■«'•• vl \' •'^TO r T i^TV i^^ ■$} than CVer X7 different
Tilbf Vrr/7<r;/rrc— CtO-in ~>T-Af '''.';'! '-'\'\iH^ double, some triple capes; some have broadcloth and Persian trimmings; some Ualn. x:l >^»- ■l' : wt*v* %*s«i' *.i n • • 1 *
1 ape Measures uu in. -/2c. ty vest eftecu. .J 2^ mostly all sizes in each.
They're certainly winning styles. It-'s certainly a winning price— $15. Stcavicr Trunks Fiber Trunks
III New Art Draperies A Towel Offering W$ml M W
— have f\v-*^+<*r^*t I T»-k -4- O • l'i * Automatic Trunks
been selling up to a day or UpeiieQ Up tO OUPpriSeAli l^*^^^^^ 11^!^^
two ago at $1.90 and $2.40 a Curuin Corner. Second Floor. <r -• -c if -r i zr-_r^, o V , ... rr j ~~L«? s"ome°o£ 3 them.
do , zen - -, . You will be surprised at the beauty and originality the To bind^So Many Toivcls; Find Them So Good and All Under Flat Top Trunks at $4.00.
75 r c U do S zen CCrS ' or 2IC ' ortu more common cotton stuffs have attained this season. From • Regular Prices. Canvas covering with tour cleats
Br'ead and butter plates 5 c each; across the room they look like they were imported. Not only #Think of paying only 4 c, 5c, 6c, ;c, for full-sized cotton 3$wt5£ ?l™?Mk^o^f«SS
worth $1.00 a dozen. the entire lfewness of the designs, but the artistic grouping ot hucks ; hemstitched ones. nc. straps. Think of all that for $400
F worufTio Tollt ' C: colors^ ias aIread >' bro «S ht fort^ comment from those who have Linen hucks> e vc size . Ues and Ues of Turkish jg^j ,8-inch size
Dinner plates, breakfast plates, seen them. ■ -bleached and unbleached— not a size missing; not a skimpy 5,^$;™" -S^S'oo '
soup plates now 10c. that have Art dcmms Curtain muslins Royahne crepes Iot of Specials" put out to attract attention to something else. 6tllr n^.tfiS fuiiy $:.oo un -
adSzen. g $ $ "" 3 Silkolincs Hungarian cloths Art burlaps . Not a towel you'll be disappointed in. .
Sugar bowls, 30c; regular price What are your wants? Have you a corner in the home that- Ntit one you won't want when vou sec it — likelv in dozens 1 30 *i ra S s bum P er . s: st ronp
--/- j i!ii' •» nc t 1 " ■ • • r <• ••- • j 1 ir 1 * " clamp and Kagle lock; broad
'^ c - .• needs filling up:* Maybe the lounge or some article of furniture and half-dozens. straps; inside is a covered hat
co g %V°^ P c-To r rT$iSo needs a fresh cover; 'perhaps some of the doors or closets a . ' . Towel bargains are scarce— and getting scarcer still every tr F^r^ner f sI Z e 2 s 8 " in $- s irjsoa
Large open Vegetable dishes, 25c; new, inexpensive curtain. But best of all there is nothing like day. More'Va't-S? IZ&i weii-protected
worth 35c and 45c these draperies for the cozy corner or the den. ! Cnttnn Hi,rb Tn-t^U » t- l- l n> 1 ' ones - wtth hardwood cleats.
Butter chips. 6 for 15c; regular ,,. ' . „.„ ,. £. . . __ . nitCh 1 OiCm. BroiVll Turkish 1 OZCCls. plenty of brass bumpers, fine
price 55c dozen. riglired Art bllkolllies. Plain Art Denims. 4c— 15x30. fringed. brass lock and a pair of strong
$7.00 and $8.00 Dinner Sets „,«!,' gj,*^- 5£.'«"<&iiS5 t..^,,,,,^.,,..^^ 8S|H«o3Jrt?S^ ,?»Z"^1' ""^ S'S£?Zu5&g\k
Marked 35.65. s iSs^sT hhi s y§IMMiMkM »isiSSv! iii^ p3Mi%%?£
Five natterns from which to <;<• Amcn * the newest efrects are th « lotllJ ' and -reen^ "0c vard lie— 19x38. hemstitched. ' 18c— 24x4S. If it's leather dress «ult eases, jro to
ll\C patterns jrom wllicn to e- Chiness and Morocco designs, 12',Acyard. and »reen. -0c jard. ,. „ 45 hemmed Hales. Here they are as cheap
lect; of high-^rade 5 emi-porcelain. . . Rnvnlin*. Trpne LlllCH Hltck Toivcls. f. c -*?**• ncmmea - as Uh0 . % ROOd strong ones nt
thin, light weight kind; set off with Figured Art Denims. . Ko> aline Lrepe. loe-piini white isiae 2oc-22x46. ,,.j 5 1 % •, •that*io7k"ik]
floral sprays, wreaths in natural col- Heavy twilled fabric in the conventional I Dainty for neat home draping for the 12%c— red borders 19x3G ? U % 10 leat^ er ; » 4 -" 5 : real sole
ors as well as ffilt tracing ennitirh and ncw Oriental effects, among which bed or mantel. We couldn't suggest a iiS-red borders lox^S CMhrr Turbith Tsi-'rlc leather, made In every way like
OTb, as well as gilt tracings, enough are th* "Knl«chf and the "Montrose more dainty drape. It gives a soft, pleas- k^I«h wh!« Urin UtllCr J tlMlS/l 1 OtCClS. .-, the more expensive ones. 15.25
pieces for 6 people.. Duchense." Entirely new designs, making In* appearance wherever used.. White Jo° — revel Doraers, .0X40. Others on up to $10 75 where
splendid coverings for the lounges: Inex- Krounds with rose, pink, irreen and bluc; iOc — white and colored. 18x36. 30c and 25c quality at 20c. they have nil the flttlnes
_ ___ __— pensive door hangings; 1G 2-3c yard. 32 Inches wide; 22>$c yard. 2oc — white and colored, I%x39. ,. o . i« A n, 1Q iu, f .» ,«. " tne nttln SS-
/StFifflfyEfr ffl M&8b*<aS3. Figured Sateens. Curtain Swisses. Bleached Turkish Toivcls. 50c quality at 33c. /&*£&*&&
/xff /JFV <££%£& *a£&&!iSrwJ&*5Bk Many new and pleasing desisrns. lsr*e 100 pieces almost, tine lace strirx.l c — J? x 5e* ' Hemmed and hemstitched ones, all /Sr yS/ (ffe&&gtP
jmf *^^>^ - -~^*^^ enouKh for comforter coverings: good colors Swisses, 30 Inches wide: several open- JJC — 13*38. ««,«» a ii mialitle<?- fartorieV odr!< nr>A iff/ "^^
i | we have been selling for 20c. Price to- stripe designs, with which to make pretty 14c— 19*40. sixes, all qualities, factories odds and J&^ <zGootTKa^^^ /^
1123*^ morrow 10 2-3c. , toilet sets or half sash curtain? ; 12 >ic yard. 17c — 22ji45, colored borders. • ends grouped at a price. * "^ vw^^r-
C. Francis, beloved father of Charles B.,
Joseph' S. and George E. Francis, a native
of Philadelphia, Pa., ag'-d 8f> years and 14
days. A member of Golden Gate Lodge No.
2007, G. U. O. O. F. . .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Sunday), at l:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of Craig. Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk and Larkin etreets.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage.
GRADT — There will bo a requiem high mass
in St. Patrick's Church to-morrow (Monday)
mornln*. at 8:30 o'clock, for the soul of Mar-
garet Grady.
GRAESSLIN— In Decoto, Cal.. February 27,
1904 Carrie, beloved wife of William H.
Gr*esslln. and beloved sister of William C
Schneider. John B. Wendt and the late Ber-
nard Wendt. a native of £an Francisco, Cal.,
aged 28 years 3 months and 12 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, at Dc-coto. Inter-
ment Decoto. \ r*
GREEN— In this city. -February 26. 1004, Av-
arllla Green, dearly beloved daughter of Hen-
ry and Elizabeth Tount Hew, a native cf
Chlco, Cal-t aged 20 years a months and 8
days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Iaccherl. Duclos & Co., 629 Broad-
way, between Dupont and Stockton streets.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
GROVERS^-February 20. 1004. Morris Grovere
of Chicago. III.. . beloved • father of Max H.
G rover s, a native of Poland, - Russia, aged 07
years.
HARRISON— In- this city.- February 23. 1904,
Mary Harrison, beloved wife of Joseph Har-
rison, mother of Francis,- Joseph and ' Wil-
liam Harrlv/n. and sister of Jacob Miller
and G. F. Tremaln, a naUvt of San Fran-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1904.
cisco, aged 34 years 1 month and 12 days.
(New York papers please copy.)
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the lunsral to-morrow
(Monday'*, at 9:"0 o'clock, thence to St. Bon-
iface's Church for services, commencing at
10 o'clock. Remains -' the funeral parlors
of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOGG— In this city, February 27, 1904, Sam-
uel P. Hogg, a native of Baltimore, Md..
and lately from Sydney, Australia, aged 75
e (Crinterment Mount Olivet Cemetery, Mon-
day, at 2 o'clock.
LE MIEUX— In Oakland, Cal.. February 26,
1904, Lulu Mae Le Mieux (nee Smith), be-
loved wife of Edward Le Mieux. niece of Ed.
mund Gates, and cousin of Leslie and Herold
Gates of Frultvale and Mrs. R. G. Hamil-
ton ' and E. W. Gates of San Francisco, a
native of New York City, aced 24 years 5
months and 9 days. (New York papera please
copy.)
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at - o'clock, ' from the parlors of
James McManus, Seventh and Castro streets,
thence to Oakland Crematory for cremation.
LEWIN— In this city, February 26, 1904,
Henoch, beloved husband of the late Amalls
I.e'win, and dearly beloved father of Mrs.
'Joseph Grienrnan. Jacob' Lewln and the late
'- Mrs Max Cohn, a native of ' Fordon. . Ger-
many. a*ed/ 63- years;
CTTrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited- to/attend the funeral • to-day
1 (Sunday); at 10 o'clock, ifrora his late resi-
dence, t>25Eddy street, thence to Salem Cem-
etery, by special electric car from Eighteenth
and GuetTtro streets. .
LEVY— In this' city. February 2C, 1904, Alice,
beloved wife of Gustave Levy.
CT-Inttrment private. . Sunday. February
2R.- at. Cypress Lawn Cemetery/ • •• ' ;
LITTLEFIELD— In Portland, Ore., February
24, 1004. . Myron Wlnslow. beloved husband
of Margaret Llttlefleld, a matlve of Newton,
Mass., aped 47 years 1 month and .18 days.
Its' Friends and acquaintances are Yespeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from- the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2tUi(> Mission
6trect, bttwe'q Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. Mission Masonic Temple. Cremation'
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. . » '
AHWASHTEE Trib» No. 89, 1. O. R. M. —
Chiefs and brothers: You are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Myron W.LIttlefield, Sunday, at 10:30 a. m.,
from the funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt,
2C«tJ MiKslon street. Mission Masonic Tem-
ple. By order of .
FRANK RALPH. Sachem.
MACDONALD— In the City and County Hos-
pital, February 27. 1904, ' Murdock Macdon-
ald, a native of California, aged 31 years.
MARSH— In Tracy, Cal., February 2«. 11(04,
Charles P. Marsh, son of the late Charles
Pantler Marsh, and brother of the late John
C. Marsh, and brother of Frank P. Marsh
of Stockton and Mrs. Maggie J. Loring. Mrs.
-' Alice' F. Sewell and Miss Sarah C. Marsh,
a -native of Illinois, aged 47 years.
MOORE— In this city, February 25, 1004.
Isaac, beloved husband of Ellen Moore, and
devoted father of Dr. R. I. Moore and Mrs.
j E. H. Ayers. a native of Balbrlggan.' County
! Dublin, Ireland, aged 02 years- It months and
1 day. (Honolulu papers please copy.) ■
C_X Friends ar>d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ' attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), February 28. at 1 o'clock, from
his late residence. 112 Chattanoora. street,
between Twtnty-second and Twenty-third.
. Interment Mount' Olivet .Cemetery,, by- elec-'
. trie funeral car. from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets. .,_>■-
MULLER— At the German Hospital. February
2C. UrtH. Frank Muller, brother of Carl Mul-
ltr of Healdsburz, General M. W. Muller of
F res-no end John and Lou la Muller of ' San
, Francisco, a native of Germany, aged 69
. years' and 16 days.'-
(C7Fiiendii and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). February 2S, at 1 :V,(t o'clock, from
. the residence of his brother, Louis Muller.
1)2 Devisadero strett, thenct by electric
funeral, car to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, leav-
ing Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:45
o'clock.
O'BRIEN— 1m this city. February 25, 1004.
Michael O'Brien, a native* of Ireland, aged
CS years.
PAINE— In fredlands. Cal.. February 21, 1001,
of apoplexy. Captain James Paine of thlt
city, aged ;72 years.
PAGAMETTO— In this city, February 27. 1904.
at hip parents' residence. 1)07 Vallejo etreet.
Arthur, dearly beloved pon of Joseph and An-
gelina Pagamctto, and brother of Lester Pag-
ametto, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 15 days.
PALMER— Entered into rest In Mill Valley.
Cal. February 27, 1S)O4, Mrs. Jane Harrut
Palmer, widow of the late Dlgby Palmer,
and beloved mother of Mrs. J.. B. Harriet*.
Mrs. J. K. Helen and Charles V. Palmer,
aged 77 years. (British Columbia papeu
please copy.)
CyFuneral services to-day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, at the Church of Our Savior In Mill
Valley. Interment private.
PERCIVALE--In this city. February 25. 11)04,
Carlo Perciva'.e. r- native of Italy, aeed (0
years.- - - • .
(ETTrlends and acquaintance s are respect-
fully inv:ted to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). February 2S. at 1 o'clock, from
Universal Hall. S14 Pacific street, where
■ services w?ll be held under the auspices of
'Roma Lodiie No. 147. K. of P. Remains at
parlors of Valente. Marinl & Co.. 1^4
Stockton «treet. Inttrment New Italian
Cemetery, j - . .
PETERSOrf-f-In this 'city,' February 27, 1904.
Annette Cftrlstlna, beloved wife of Gustavt
Peterson, beloved mother .of Ellen Augusta
' Peterson, and .sister of J. .A. Peterson of
' Galvtston. Texas.' and Frederick Peterson of
' (Hand. Sweden, a native of Gland, Sweden,
aged 45 years 7 months and 3 day ». ■
SASS— In this city. February 27. 1!>O4. Chris-
tian Sass. beloved father of Frederick Sass.
a native of Germany, aged 71 years 10 months
and 16 days.
E7FriemlH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Martnt & Co.. 1.124 Stockton street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SAYRE— In Port Townsend. Wash., on U.
S. 8. Arcadia, February 2t). 1904. William
L. Sayrs. beloved husband of Ella F. Sayre.
and eldest son of William A. and the late
Man" L. Sayre. a native of Truckee. Cal.
(Newark; N. J.. and Arizona papera please
copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his father-in-law, J. Feeney. C2 Tiffany
avenue, between Twenty-eighth and Twenty-
ninth streets. Mission street and San Jose
avenue. 'Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio. Members of Dlrlgo Lodge No. 2"J K
of P. are requested to attend.
SHAW— In this city. February 2l'i. l»C4. Willie
Chart's, dearly beloved and only cMld of
Hiram and, Viola Shaw, grandson of Mr and
Mrs. Wllt'cm Poeh!*r nnd Mr. und Mrs H
G. Shaw of Kansas City, and nephew of
Mrs. C. 11. Han.«en an<l«Wllllam and Edward
Poehler, a natlte of Sun Francisco a-ed 3
years « months and 1> day*. #
, CrF 1 "!*"' 1 * and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-djy
(Sunday) February 2S. at 2 o'clock, from
the residence. or his arandcarents Mr and
Mrs. William PcehUr. 27S Harriet street
between Harrison and Bryant. Interment
Mount Olivet .Cemetery. 'niermeni
SPERLING— In this city. . February "7 ivu
W°"ears SperllnK> * """'■' ° f Ger ™»ny. aged
IC>Fricnd« and acquaintances'- and mem
b«ra of CltlCtn Gate Lod« No. 129 ™ O
B. B.. are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'efock from
the parlors of Thcodor Dlcrks. .057 MlS
street, thence by 11 o'clock train to New
aalem Cemetery for interment.
SULLIVAN— In this city. February 27. 1904.
Daniel Sullivan, a native of Massachusetts
aged .Ju years.
TIMMINS— In this city. February 26. 10O4.
Eliza, beloved wife of the late Francis Tla-
mins. and sister of Mrs. Martha Blackmail.
Mrs. Ann orr and Mrs. Mary Smith, a na-
tive of Drumloo. County Monajhan. Ireland,
agul «C years. (New York papers please
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeraj to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
i e 1S'"" 2 " s^'P lev street, thence to St. Pat-
nek s Church for services, commencing at
12:^0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WILLEY— In Sacramento. Cal.. February 25.
1904. Charles Johnson Willey. beloved hus-
band of Anna Willey. and brother of O. F.
WHUy of this city. William H. H. and Mar-
shall C. Wlltey. Mrs. Martha E. Lyon and
Amansa W Shurtllff of Sacramento. Cal, a
native of Danville, Vermont, aged t» years.
The deceased was past master of Occidental
Lodge No. 22. F. and A. M.. California
Chapter No. 5 and California Commandery
No. 1,. and was Deputy State Surveyer Gen-
eral of California.
(CTFuneml services Sunday. February 2S.
at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner
' Post and. Montgomery streets, under the aus-
pices of California Commandery No. L In-
terment private.
WRAY— In this city. February 26. 1&04. Ireno
M., beloved daughter ot Samuel Wray *nd
the lote Therese M. Wray. and sister of V.
E. H. W. Wray. a native of Lead City. »-
Dakota, aged 23 years 11 months- and 1j day*.
(Lead City. S. Dak., papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 1S5-S Filbert street, between Octa via
and Laguna. Interment I. O. O» *• W"**"