THE WEATHEE.
Forecait made at 8an rraa
cisco for thirty hours eadingr .
nldnisrht, February 30: *
San Francisco and vicinity —
rair Saturday; llffht north winds.
A. G. McADEB,
Diitrict Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV-NO. S2.
RUSSIAN REGIMENTS LOST WHILE GROSSING BAIKAL LAKE;
FIERCE BATTLE WILL PROBABLY BE FOUGHT AT PING YANG
VIENNA, Feb. 19.— The Czech Narodni Listi states that ; ;three;?RusSian regim to cross Lake
Baikal, the ice opening for a distance of two hundred yarc&v ■":- A: full :$^ sixteen companies and an
elaborate regimental stafO so that the disaster, if report \ be confirmed^ inyblyes the loss^o^ lives. A disaster of the
magnitude indicated suggests that the troops were crossing ;b^ unseen in the darkness or
storm, engulfed one train after another. . '^iSH0^^&&^0}. i£f|HiA v iyfi^^j H'^T"~-~-' 7 :-•'-'"
OFFICIALS
CAUSE RIOT
IN MADISON
Shooting Follows an
Effort to Close
Poolroom,
Six Men Are Wounded, One
of Whom Is Not Likely '
to Recover.
jonstables, Backed Dp by Citizens,
Clash With Police and Precipi
tate a General Fight
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 19.— In an effort to
close a poolroom that has for a long
time operated in the outskirts of Madi
son, III., acroEs the river from St. Louis,
three constabJes, augmented by a pcsse
vf citizen*, and bearing warrants for
the" arrvst~*oT" six rnen connected with
the poolroom, precipitated a riot late
to-day which resulted Jn the shoot
ing of six men, one of whom may die.
The wounded:
LEE HARLAN, druggist, probably
xnortally.
WILLIAM SCHOOLET. posse man,
ehot in leg.
EDWARD HARRIS, spectator, not
seriously.
EDWARD DOWNS, seriously.
OSCAR WILCOX. poolroom employe,
shut in hip.
■ One unknown, not seriously.
Warrants had been sM*>rn out before
a Justice «_-f the Peace of Granite City,
adjoining Madison, and placed in the
hands of Constable John G. Glass and
tuo oth*=r constables for the arrest of
"Whit field Brooks and Eugene Wall of
Granite City ar.d Thomas Riley. Charles
Greenfield. Thomas Manley and Martin
Johns of St. Louis, charging them with
bnins connected with the putilroom.
When the three constables appeared
at the poolroom to serve the warrants
two policemen who were within de
flared they had arrested the operators
<jf the poolroom and were guarding
them. Betting was going en as usual
at the time. The constables were or
dered to have the premises, which they
did after considerable argument. Dur
ing the next half hour the constables
organized a posse of armed citizens
numbering about fifty persons.
The constables and posse then re
turned to the poolroom and entered.
They were at once ordered out and the
el'-ors were ordered locked. The posse
demurred ar.d words followed. One
j-ossc man. it i? stated, pointed a shot-
pun at Policeman MeCambridge, who
tired a revolver pointed at the ceiling.
Firing then became general. The po
l:cpman was badly beaten.
The crowd in the poolroom scattered
hurriedly, many fleeing into a waiting
Illinois Certra! train until it became
Hacked. When the fusillade was over
the constables and posse had posses
sion. The bookmakers, however, to
r.igbt asserted that the poolroom will
be open as usual to-morrow. Although
the poolroom men are now construc
tively under arrest, the police say they
•will not permit the citizens to interfere.
Four poEsemen were arrested to-night,
charged with rlotir.s. .
TWO POSSES ON HUNT
TOR DESPERATE MEN
Officers In Montana Start After the
Xoloriocs Jonc* Gans and Their
Capture Seems Likely.
" GREAT FALLS, Mont., Feb. 19. —
A desperate man hunt was begun in
Northern Montana to-nig'ht, when two
posses left Poplar* and Glasgow In
Valley County to_run down the mem
bers of the notorious Jones gang. The
cMef of the band. Frank Jones, was
killed near Poplar last week by Dep
uty George Bird and John Morgan.
•It is stated that six members of the
Jones gang were seen two days ago
near the ranch of A. N. Tange, where
Jones was killed. The men are with
out horses and the officers hope to
overtake them before they reach
mounts and 'make oft* to their strong
hold in the bunch willow region, near
the international line. The Jones
gang has terrorized Valley County for
tr-n yean». becominsr bolder each year.
Dread of Disease Cause, of Suicide.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 19. — Mrs. Hart
ivell Cabell, 30 years of age, a lawyer
nnd wife of a prominent attorney,
Ehot herself to death because of the
apprehension that her suffering from
th*> gr!p:v.ould develop into consump
tion.
I'irc Wrwks Insurance Company.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19. — The Ham
ilton Fire Insurance Company of New
York, organized fifty-two years ago;
h£s gone out of business as the re
*ult of the Baltimore fire, in which
it sustained a loss of $97,000.
The San Francisco Call
RUSSIAN. TROOPS BEING TRANSPORTED WITH SUPPLIES ACROSS ONE OF : THE' NU3rEROUS RIVERS THAT OBSTRUCT, THE jMAKCII OF ARMIES.
Russian General
Reports Work
of Scouts.
Admiral Jessen to
Command Czar's
Squadron.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 19.— Major
General Pflug, chief of staff to. Viceroy
Alexieff, has sent him the following
telegram from Port Arthur:
"Our scouts' report that no Japanese
have been seen either at Tsenchou. or
Pmgyang, Korea. The population is in
different toward us. The ice on the
Yalu River Is beginning to go out. Na
tives say that if a high tide comes In
five days the ice will begin to drift.
The west coast of the Liaotung penin
sula is covered with ice for a mile and
a quarter at sea. None of the enemy's
ships have been seen lately. There have
been -no fresh attempts to destroy the'
railroad." :">'.*$ -v-'
Paul Lessar, Russian Minister at Pe
king, has telegraphed that Yuan Shih
KaJ, commander in chief of the Chi
nese army, intends to send 10,000 "men
from Paoting to Shanhaikwan.
War Minister Kuropatkin, who Is go
ing to the Far East, will be appointed
commander in chief of army operations,
and Vice Admiral Makaroff, who is now
on his way on a train which is expected
to reach Port Arthur in ten days, is to
be commander in chief of the navy. .
Rear Admiral Jessen has been ap
pointed to succeed Rear Admiral Ewaid
von . Stackelberg, commander of the
Vladivostok squadron. Rear Admiral
Jessen has- the reputation of being a
bold sailor who does not hesitate in an
emergency. He will leave St. Peters
burg immediately. Although Admiral
.Alexieff has been condemned in some
quarters, there is no Intimation that he
will not retain the viceroyalty in the
Far East. It is possible, however, that
the active direction of field movements
may pass out of • his hands.
Grand Duke Michael, the Czar's eld
est brother and heir presumptive, and
several hundred officers assembled at
the Nicholas railroad station this evenr
ing to bid farewell to a number of com
rades who left for the front. Intense
enthusiasm prevailed among the im
mense crowd.
Koreans Attack an American.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19. — United
States Minister Allen has cabled the
State Department: from Seoul ; under
SAN FRANCISCO, : SATURDAY, .26.
SUMMARY OF YESTERDAY'S WAR NEWS
GENERAL PFLUG'S official report tliat^Russian scoutsjha ye Jpeiietrated into Korea as
nounring disturbances in Pingyalig' (iistHct/woUldimlicatc'that the Russian and. Japanese
outposts are not far apart. It lias been ", : Vcppi;tccl- with e.vcry. evidence of truth that the
Japanese have landed large forces at Mo iison a^OMjE^i^^^Bf^^J^f^fi!^ Pin°;
yaiig and Soncho, which the Cossacks haveYeach^^
been established at Harbin expedite a
movement of troops and equipment into 3Ea'^ of General Kuropat
kin, Skobcloff's fighting- lieutenant.; to thcjactuui command of the troops in the East in
dicates that Russia is preparing* to strike'li^d; off Shanghai is among* the
probabilities. A Japanese cruiser has arrived at; Wusaii-to; watch the ilandjur, which the
laws'. of. neutrality arc expected to force 'soon'* tp take to. the; open sea. , '
The Call's 'special cable from St^ Petersburg pictures the enthusiasm which has
seized all classes, while the Siberian railroad is>vorking^
forcements to the front. The tension in .all parts of Eiripperis illustrated by a : special from
Berlin. England is said to be ready to swoop; on strategic points' now in possession
of Spain, Germany calls attention to "her : -force* at :kirichpw,;Swcden'is fortifying- and con
centrating her army and navy and: warning is i.' given; that jRus'sia is not so fullyeng'aged.but
that she can look after the effervcscent>.peoplc in the Balkans. ' r • / . .
yesterday's da"te that a company of
Korean soldier's attacked an electric
carriage belonging to an .American
citizen .Wednesday, injuring the oper
ator. American seamen Quieted the
disturbance.
DAYS OF CARNIVAL
IN ST. PETERSBURG
SOLEMN- AND JOYLESS
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb.' 19.— To-day,
and to-morrow, the closing days of the
carnival week, 'will be observed • prac
tically only by' a cessation of work.
There will be little rejoicing. , Such a
carnival time is not remembered. There
have been no- festivities and no gay
parties to the island. Instead, people
gathered about, the bands playing! in
the streets or following the troops. in
passage for the. front. ;.
No news from abroad on renewed
Japanese attacks on Port Arthur has
been confirmed, {although private'ad
vices . continue . to report I an ! attempted
landing;. which was repulsed. An offi
cial communication . announcing Rusf
sia's decision to | refrain from partici
pating In. the St. Louis Exposition is
published in "the following, terms: .
. "The. Ministry ';. of .Finance hereby
brings . to the - notice of in t ending \ ex-
hlbitors at St. Louis. that in:view.of .the.
refusal of merchants'and'manufactur
ers, owing to existing circumstaSiCes, to '
send exhbits : to America,-. the/ Russian'
Government has recognized yfne neces-;
sity ■'■to decline to .participate in;., the)
aforesaid: exposition.'.' * ■' ' .- : .!" ; .-.
The Novoe Vremya, in.a'leading edi
torial on Secretary 'Hay's, proposal? in
regard to the neutrality/of -China,', says
it does ' not see .'"why. ■ Russia , , cannot 1
agree t6 it If :it> means. -.only iChineae
neutrality. ; "'.'The document appears to*
protect Russia from a flank ■attack.'.' the
Novoe Vremya adds, ,','and; recognizes
her exceptional' position ; north of r. the.
great wall, but the note stands j or. falls
with the reality -of Chinese, neutrality.
So long:as'China honestly*and H succesB
fully • maintains ; neutrality.' Russia: will
be unwilling* to violate it."; ';/ : ,V ; -
\V." N,},Kokovzoff, who ..yesterday .was
appointed *. Finance .Minister In sudces-;
sion to:M. v Pleske, v is considered -.to, be a
most determined opponent ; of ,.the x finan
cial policy of r-M.-Wrtte; • who i resigned
his position as Minister- of •Finance' '. in
August '; last. . 'He; has ( , fpr.<many^yeara
been. ambitious-, to',) b'fecbme" -> Finance:
Minister, and'.waa appointed M.'WI tie's ■
assistant whilelthe latter held;the'port
folio, but Rowing to "• a . disagreement he ,
resigned/ t, M.'.'Kokovzbff^is regarded
here ? as -being ' . a \- saf e,-%* conservative ,
financier ,"■ arid; it' Is belie ved "! that • under
his .'administration- Russian } : credit
abroad*', will -be • sustained. . '» In . spite , of
the • appointment it is •persistently v ru-'
.;»»■ •'■-.*■'• ■ ■" •> '•;■"• ■' ..'•••:-■•-•;.•.•. »
mored that! M. .Witte-will be given eu
preme' control, of .the finances. „.-..;.■ '>'.•. .
;As a ' means , of meeting the.extraor
dinary, war expenses the Bourse isays it
believes the -present is a favorable, time
for an income tax, which will not meet
with opposition/, owing r to the general
readiness, of * the . nation to . share* the
burden . imppsed ■: by. the .war."
EJJS&TA 7 TERMINATES
-■:.', -CENSORSHIP: THAT;
■' < FOR YEARS
ST. _ PETfeRSByRGl ; Feb. 19.— The
Russian - Government vto- day abolished
the censorship , on. all ,news ; and v other
telegrams ;.'golng abroad, with . the \ ex
ceptiontbf .'th'e.Vrdihary.. war censorship
during.'hostlllties.'J - ' . -
'. The V lifting of '/■_ the ..embargo, .which
has [existed for' generations, on the fres
transmission of .news from the Russian
empire, came as '. a direct j result • of • con
sideration of : the .'subject ;by.:the>Czar
.himself,' and in some respects this abo
lition I is . regarded ■ as ,. the j most* impor
tant ■_ act ' since ...the. emancipation, of
serfs., | \ , ./■:.. < ,';*>.. .•■ > ' •■': "._ < / . I.
; UndeVj a, regime ': allowing perfect
freedom ,to the -foreign .-press .it is
lieved that ; Russia will > soon J cease to
* Continued Jon • Pago ' 2, i Column 3.
j' THE THEAXESS.
»*^- -■*-..- 1 ■ \
Alcazar— "The Charity Ball."
California— "Deril'i Auction."
Central — "The Men of Jimtown."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Macbeth."
Tischex'B — ♦Ttoly-Poly.*'
Grand — "Whoop-D ee-D oo."
Lyric Hall — Blauvelt Concert
(Matinee Only.)
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "When Johnny Come*
Marching Borne."
Matinees at All Theaters To-
Day.
American : Squad
ron Is to Land
Force at Chefu.
iMimiral\ Evans to
Guard Nation's
Interests.
LONDON, Feb. r 20. — "An American
squadron is expected here," tele
graphs, the Chefu correspondent of the
Morning -Post, under date of Febru
ary.. 19». "and It is reported that the
Americans intend to land a force of
marines. >There are rumors of possi
ble - trouble with Germany, . which
claims exclusive rights ! In - Shantung
province," China. Only three Russian
warships , at Port Arthur remain In
tact." -> r
WASHINGTON,' Feb. 19. — Another
ominous prediction of uprisings in
China has' been received from Rear
Admiral Robley'D. Evans, command
ing- the Asiatic, station, and the Navy
Department has given heed to his
declaration that 1500 marines should
be- held' In the Philippines to protect
American interests, ajjainst such dis
turbances'. . *
:' "A battalion of 600 marines is being
made ready to sail on the transport
Buford from San Francisco early in
March. This battalion will be com
manded by . Major . C- A. Doyen, now
at' the^'head'of the marine corps
school of i application at Annapolis.
"It will consist of- marine, -detach
ments from .New York, Philadelphia,
Annapolis- and Washington and will
be' assembled in- Washington.
.,; Admiral- Evans' prediction of trou
ble is based on advices he has from
the. interior of- China, especially from
officers 'of .the- gunboats Villa Ldbos
an<i '■ Calato, controlling the Yangtse
kiansr r'River.' His information coin
cides with that, credited to Mr; Con
ger, that the lower classes are inflamed
by news, of Japanese victories.
FRANCE SENDS OUT
r^ HER INSTRUCTIONS
; ' ABOUT NEUTRALITY
/PARIS, Feb. ,19.— It. is announced of
ficially that 'the *, French Government
has issued instructions -relative to the
observance 'of neutrality, and. that prac
tically- they -■: are ;, the same as those is
sued 1 , concerning, the observance of neu
trality r.duringr': the. Spanish-American
Continued \ on -Page 2, Column 5.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
COLLISION
EXPLORES
DYNAMITE
Twenty-Four Persons
Are Killed in Ulab
Town. :
Train Carrying Powder Is
Run Into by an Engine
at Sifling.
Section Foreman, His Wife and Thrs9
Small Children and His Brother
Among the Victims.
OGDEN, Utah, Feb. 19. — In an ex
plosion of a car of dynamite caused
by a head-on collision at Jackson on
the Ogden-Lucin cut-off at 4 o'clock
this afternoon, eight Americans and
sixteen Greeks -were killed and twelve
Injured. Extra train engine Xo. 2116
had orders to meet extra No. 2S33 at
Jackson, a small telegraph station on
the cut-off and about eighty-five miles
from Off den. Extra 2833 was taking
the siding and extra 2116. which held
the right of track, was coming down
the grade into the station. The air
brake failed to work ancl 2116 could
not make the stop and crashed Into
2833 on the switch. A t2rrific explo
sion followed and many of the cars
were blown to pieces, among the num
ber being five outfit cars containing
twenty-one Greek laborers, who were
blown several hundred feet from the
track.
Section Foreman T. "W. Burke. hi3
wife and three children and hi.=»
brother, J. W. Burke, -who were near
the station, were instantly killed. They
were blown about 200 feet from tha
track. The Greek laborers were in
the outfit cars that were next to the
car containing the dynamite and were
nearly all killed. A relief train was
sent out from this city with doctors
and the Injured were brought into this
city, late to-night. Conductor Owen
Dermody and Messenger W. L. Holler
died while en route to this city.
The dead:
T. W. BURKE, section foreman,
wife and three children.
J. W. BURKE, ex-general foreman.
W. L. HOLLER, messenger, An
drews, Ind.
OWEN DERMODY, conductor. Bea
ver Dam. Wi3.
SIXTEEN GRHEK LABORERS.
The iniured: Leina, engineer,
slightly; Courtney, conductor,
slightly: Stanton. engineer, back.
not serious: Taylor, telegraph op
erator; Taylor's wife, injuries on face
and body; seven Greeks, seriously.
The explosion was terrific, and the
town of Terrace, fifteen miles to the
north, on the main line of the Southern
Pacific, was shaken as by an earth
quake. The telegraph station at Colon,
fifty-five miles distant, had every win
dow pane broken. The explosion was
so tremendous that the first knowledge
of the disaster, instead of being re
ceived by telegraph from the scene of
the disaster, was communicated from
Terrace and Lucin, operators at those
points reporting to headquarters that
a calamity had occurred. The people
of Terrace, looking south across the
old lake bottom, saw an immense cloud
of -white smoke ascend from Jackson
Point and spread out at a great height
and then flames burst forth.
POSTOFFICE CLERK IS
ARRESTED FOR STEALING
Redding Youth Takes Sloney From the
Mails and Confesses His
Crime.
REDDING, Feb. 19. — Tom Rey
nolds, utility clerk at the Redding
Postofflce and a nephew of Postmaster
J. E. Reynolds, opened over eight
hundred letters during the past three
months and took out what coin and
greenbacks he found. He confessed
the crime to-day when arrested at the
instance of Postofflce Inspector Coyne.
After rifling a letter the young man
would throw it on top of a high locker
used bv mail carriers. Eight hundred
opened letters were found there
Wednesday by Assistant Postmaster
Ed S. Reynolds, who reported the dis
covery, and an investigation followed,
which led to the clerk's arrest. Rey
nolds claimed" that he obtained only
$20 by thieving. He did not have ac
cess to registered matter and did not
touch money orders of any kind for
Albanian Catholics Take Up Arms.
CETTINJE, Montenegro, Feb. ID. —
The Albanian 5 Catholics are hastening
in large numbers to Join their breth
ren in fighting at Dlakova. province
of .Ipek. Albania, against 8hem-4
Pasha.2
PRECIOUS JEWELS OF JAPAN GO TO THE WAR FUND
Bank Accepts the Deposits
With Approval of
Sovereign.
TOKTO. Feb. 19.— The Bank of Japan
decided to-day to accept deposits of
plate and jewels in aid of the war fund.
President Sonoda and the nobles of the
bank recently offered to melt the plate
and gold gifts made by the Emperor
to the fund. The Emperor approved
the suggestion and also ordered the
conversion of large quantities of old
coins and other palace treasures. His
example is being generally and patri
otically followed and promises to swell
tho war fund enormously. The Bank
of Japan offers to accept such treasures
at current rates, either buying them
outright or returning them at the ex
piration of a certain time.
The crews of the Nisshin and Kasuga,
PHYSICIAN'S AGREE
IX THE FAIK CASE
Williamson Hacks Up the Statement
of Gallwoy Tliat the Woman Must
Have Ilccn First to Die.
During h's direct examination before
Commissioner Hosmer, yesterday. Dr.
Williamson corroborated the testimony
given by Dr. Gallwey Thursday, in the
Fair litigation. Dr. Williamson is
positive that ilrs. Fair met with in
etant death and that Charles L.. Fair
must have lived a few moments, at
least, after the fatal accident.
The cross-examination of Dr. Gallwey
occupied the morning session. His
Boswera to interrogatories were firm
and unhesitating, and did not in any
material way alter his direct testimony.
In answer to an interrogatory, he
etated that he had performed the au
topsies on the bodies of Mr. and Mrs.
Fair, at the request of Reuben H.
Lloyd, who, he understood, represent
ed the family, and was authorized to
employ him in such capacity. He did
not know that the mother of Mrs. Fair
wa,s in the city at the time, and con
rider^d the proceeding perfectly regu
lar. When asked whether he had ever
before performed an autopsy on a body
which had been twenty-eight days
dead, he replied in the affirmative,
staling further that he had performed
autopsies, on bodies which had been
dtad for eighteen months.
At the afternoon session Dr. William
son took the stand and, like Dr.
Gallwey. made a splendid witness for
the defense. He described minutely
the condition of the bodies of both Mr.
and Mrs. Fair and the extent of the
autopsy. It showed, he said, that there
had b<^en no fracture of the lower Jaw,
no fracture of the vault of the skull
and no laceration of the tongue in the
<-ase of Charles L. Fair. The head of
Mrs. Fair, he said, was crushed to a
pulp, and death must have been in
stantaneous.
POIJCE RECEIVE MORE •
NEWS ABOUT SOEDER
Consul Britlaln Advises Chief Wltt-
iiiaim That Joseph Blaise Was
Xcvrr Known as a Cook.
Chief Wittman received another let
ter yesterday from Joseph I. Brittain,
I'nited States Consul at Kehl, Ger
many, vhioh further strengthens the
belief that Leon Soeder murdered Jo
seph Blaise, his brother-in-law. Soeder
made a statement to the police that
Blaise was, like himself, a cook, and
he had brought Blaise to this city to
iret him a job. The letter is as fol
lows:
■ Noticing by th» newspapers that Soeder
c'a'.njs that Joseph Blaise was an experienced
took. I took the trouble to investigate the mat.
ler. or.'l am Inform^ by the Mayer of the vil
lage that no one has any knowlfdge of his hav
iiifc lx?en a co\jk, but that he rrade his money
by working In the timber, cutting wood occa
sionally.
I was also Informed that Soeder sent a letter
to Ills home in Germany containing a letter
■which he instructed his folk* to rr mail to him
in Fan Francisco without opening. To whom
this letter »as eddretsed I bkve not been In
formed.
The letter referred to was probably
the one which Miss Catherine Flatley
received, which was sent her with the
intention of making her believe that
Boeder was at that time in Germany.
J. W. HXDY L.KCTURES OS
IRELAND AND ITS PEOPLE
Camera dub Adopts Resolutions Pro
testing Affainst Movement to
Drive Out Flower Venders.
J. W. Lundy lectured last evening at
the Alhambra Theater on '"Ireland
ttnd the Irish." The lecture was given
under the auspices of the California
Camera Club. The club also adopted
the following resolution :
Resolved. TUat »e as a body wish to pro
test against the discontinuance of the selling
of Cower* en the street; that it is the unani
mous opinion of the 450 members of the Cali
fornia Cumt-r* Club and this audience of
Sihm r.v-.. ;:.'.,, •; here at our one bun
cre<l and nixty-Rftii illustrated lecture that it
is dfirimrntal to the best interests of the city
of San Francisco to do away with the flower
•cll»r* at Kearny and Market istrms. This
i:a:»ie has become a distinctive and artistic
feature of our city, one that attracts the *i
txntfun of visitor*, t^rticularly when the rest
of the United State* is covered with mow
tnd «ce. and it lend* a brightness and eh*-er
lulnets to the streets of Kan Francloco that
cur, l»e obtained in no other way.
It is not a. material hindrance to traffic nor
the :-!■.:■ convenience.
We instruct our secretary to «end a copy
of this resolution to the Mayor, Board of Ku
l*rvl*oni. Board of l»ub!lc Works and the
daily i ;>;•• rr
Truman Loses His Clothes.
I. J. Truman Jr. is, according to a
suit commenced by him yesterday, mi
nus two suits of clothes, one worth $60
;<nd the other worth ?4 0. He claims
that he sent them to the Golden West
Clothing Henovalory and the latter
falsely and fraudulently converted
them to its own use and benefit.
lor IJeneflt of Sufferers.
A SDecial concert for the benefit of
the Aal<»sund sufferers will be given
to-night under the auspices of the
Norwegian? of San Francisco at the Al
hnmbra Theater. Among those who
take part are Miss Ingeborg Pettersen,
Hothor Wismer, Anton Dahl and Otto
Bendix.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■-
No Appetite
Means loss of vitality, vigor
or tone, and Is often a pre-
cursor of prostrating sick-
ness. This is why it is
serious. The best» thing
you can do is to take the
great* alterative and tonic
Hood'sSarsaparilk
Which has cured thousands.
the two cruisers purchased by the Jap
anese Government in Italy, were form
ally received to-day in Tokio. The men
were brought from Yokohama on a
special train. There was an enormous
crowd of spectators, extending from
the Shinbashi station along the streets
to the Sibiyet Park, where a garden
party was held. Here the sailors were
formally welcomed by Mayor Ozaki,
who said that they had done more than
undertake a perilous journey. They
were the bearers and embodiment if
the sympathy for Japan of the en
lightened west. The park and sur
rounding streets were decorated and
to-night there was an illumination.
The officers of the cruisers were given
a dinner this evening.
ST. FRAXCIS AVILL, OPEX
ABOUT MIDDLE OF MARCH
Chefs and Other Head Attaches of the
Ulg Hotel Here Preparing to
Assume Their Duties.
Work on the interior of the new St.
Francis Hotel is being rushed to com
pletion and it was stated yesterday by
Manager Allan Pollok that it is con
fidently expected that the establish
ment will be formally opened the
middle of March. Six floors have al
ieady been furnished and a large
force of men is now engaged in fin
ishing the offices and the restaurant,
cafe and grillroom..
It is the plan of tne management to
open the upper portion of the hotel for
inspection within the next ten' days.
All the heads of the various depart
ments of the new hostelry have ar
rived here and are engaged In the
preparation for entering on their du
ties.
Prominent .among these attaches of
the St. Francis is Victor Hirtzler, the
chef, who comes direct from Strass
burg. He was formerly chef of the
Hotel Steffany and Hotel de l'Europe
of Baden Baden and the Balis Royal of
Xice.
Another is Gaston Renen, who for
fifteen years was with Ritz of Paris
and lately with Martin of New York,
from whom he was taken to assume
charge of the pastry department of
the local hotel; and a third arrival is
the maitre d'hotel. Prosper Reiter,
for three years head waiter of the
Holland House of New York.
The new concierge, formerly of
Monte Carlo, Is now on the way to
this city. *
IROQUOIS CLUBS READY
FOR ANNUAL CONFERENCE
They Will Suggest a State Platform
and May Indirectly Recommend
Presidential Nomination.
Arrangements are about perfected
for the annual conference and banquet
of the State League of Iroquois Clubs
and delegates from other Democratic
organizations next Monday in this
city. The conference will be called
to order at 10 o'clock a: m. in Knights
of Pythias Castle and the banquet will
beg-in at 6:30 p. m. in Delmonico's.
Covers will be laid for 190 persons, it
is said, although last night only fifty
five tickets at $2 50 apiece had been
bought by locaj braves. The coun
try delegates will not be charged for
their entertainment.
Grand Sachem A. Bailey of Martinez
will call the conference to order and
after reading of reports and the ap
pointment of committees there will
be a recess until the resolutions com
mittee is ready for a hearing. The
report will contain suggestions for a
State platform, eulogiums of prom
inent Democrats, and it is likely that
one of the party's Presidential possi
bilities will be recommended for nom
ination, although not by direct reso
lution, as the Iroquois constitution
prohibits that sort of thing. It is pre
dicted that the country delegates will
be allowed to name the officers for the
ensuing year.
James V. Coleman will be toast
master at the banquet, and the fol
lowing are down for responses: "Dem
ocracy," Dr. R. D. Day of Los An
geles; "Iroquois," William J. Cannon;
•'Washington," Jesse Bryan; "Our
Country," Charles M. Stolz. "
PERSONAL.
Attorney C. P. Jillson of Napa Is at
the Grand.
Dr. Kirkland of Scotland is staying
at the Palace.
R. \V. Graham, an oil man of Han
ford, is at the Grand.
F. "\V. Braun, a druggist of. Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
C. E. Tinkham, a lumberman of Red
Bluff, is a guest at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Elmore G. Starr of
Buffalo are at the Occidental.
Dr. Presby of Taunton, Mass., reg
istered at the Palace yesterday.
E. W. Hale, one of the leading mer
chants of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Jackson Hatch, the well known
attorney of San Jose, is at the Palace.
H. F. Anderson, a capitalist of Ben
Lomond, and wife are at the Occidental.
W. J. Douglas, a wealthy young min
ing man of Virginia City, is at the
Lick.
Z. W. Hudson of Ukiah, who devotes
the greater part of his time collecting
Indian baskets, while his wife, known
in the world of art as Miss Grace Hud
son, is busily painting Indian babies,
is down from the north and staying at
the California. •
Calccaris Gets His Demand.
Judge Hebbard made an order yes
terday directing Auditor Harry Baehr
to turn over to E. A. Calegaris and
thirteen other men employed at the
City and County Hospital during the
months of October. November and De
cember of last year their salary de
mands for those . months. He held
that inasmuch as the services of the
men had been accepted by the city
Baehr had no right to keep the de
mands from the men. The presenta
tion by Calegaris to Baehr of his de
mands a few weeks ago caused a list
fight between the Auditor and Chief
Civil Service Examiner Moran. Baehr
contended that Calegaris and the
others were, not properly certified by
the Civil Service Commissioners and
refused to recognize the demands.
Moran took exception to his remarks,
called him a liar and then they
nearly came to blows. Attorney Steve
Costello represented Calegaris.
Christian Church Entertains.
The West Side . Christian Church
presented a skit entitled "Crossroads
Skule" at Steinway Hall last night to
a large audience.
' The sk'etch gave an excellent idea
of school days existing fifty years ago.
Ex-Mayor Thomas of Oakland .was
the schoolmaster and portrayed the
part with artistic ability.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
Scouts, of Russia
Fail to Find
Enemies.
Continued From Prige 1, Colimm 5.
be constantly subject to underground
attack and that she will see herself
through honest spectacles.
"For years," said a prominent officer
to the Associated Press to-day, "our
country has been the victim of every
imaginable slander and misrepresenta
tion because it was known that tele
grams addressed to foreign news
sources went through the hands of the
Russian censor. Any story, no matter
how baseless or exaggerated, that w^is
sent surreptitiously across the border
was greedily accepted abroad as true,
especially by Russophobes, because the
Government wuold not put its official
stamp upon It. Regular Russophobic
news factories have been in operation
in Berlin, Vienna and elsewhere, and
these have spread the most absurd and
preposterous libels supplied by the ene
mies of Russia. Every act of the Gov
ernment has been twisted and distort
ed. Insignificant student affairs or
workmen's riots, such as would not at
tract general attention elsewhere, have
been magnified into great movements
of popular discontent, until certain por
tions of the world have been led to be
lieve that Russia was perpetually on
the eve of a great revolution.
"Some English newspapers especially
have conducted systematic campaigns
against us. Moreover, the fact that
dispatches were censored has often
been interpreted as semi-official au
thorization, when perhaps they in no
sense represented the views of the Gov
ernment. Hereafter correspondents of
foreign newspapers will be untram
meled. We expect to see Russia pre
sented in her true light.
"The opening of the floodgates may
result in the stirring up of as much
mud as possible by those evilly dis
posed, but we feel confident that In the
end truth will prevail. We are not
afraid to have the light turned on us.
We are proud of our country and we
are entitled to a faithful and honest
presentation of our current history."
Foreign telegrams until recently were
subject to censorship at the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs, but since the death
last fall of M. Gretch, who was at one
time connected with the Russian em
bassy at Washington, the censorship
has been temporarily under the* Min
istry of the Interior, where the perma
nent censors' bureau of plays, books
and newspapers in Russia is situated.
News telegrams addressed to foreign
sources originating in the most dis
tant parts of the empire, Vladivostok
or Odessa, were formerly telegraphed
to St. Petersburg to be passed on. M.
Plehve, Minister of the Interior, and
Count Lamsdorff, Foreign Minister,
both joined in the recommendation that
the censorship be abolished.
The internal censorship is to be re
tained, but foreign dispatches are to be
entirely free. Since a state of war ex
ists, telegrams that treat of hostilities
will be subjected to the same kind of
military censorship enforced v in all
countries under similar circumstances.
STEAMSHIPS BEAR
EXPLOSIVES AND
GUNS TO HALIFAX
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.— During the
past six months every steamer belong
ing to the Furness line arriving at this
port has landed explosives and big
guns, says a dispatch from Halifax,
N. S. They were distributed among the
harbor fortifications. The shift of work
men employed until recently was the
largest in the history of the garrison
and numbered 1800. These men, under
direction of engineers from England,
working on night and day shifts, made
great changes in the forts and assisted
in mounting the new guns, all of which
are of the latest pattern, with disap
pearing mounts. The old guns were
dismounted.
General Parson, commander in chief
of the tmperlal forces In Canada, acting
under orders from the War Office, has
ordered a three days' mobilization of
the Royal Artillery. The order calls for
the manning of every fortification by
every available man. All guns, will be
thoroughly tested and discharged and
searchlights will play every night.
SCENE AT A CITY AROUND
WHICH TROOPS ARE AS
SEMBLING.
REICHSTAG MEMBERS
MAKE OBJECTION
TO THE EXPENSES
SHANGHAI, Feb. 19.— It is reported
in Weihslen, the most important city in
the province of Shantung, that Ger
many has secured the right to inaugu
rate a uniform police system in all the
cities of Shantung. The Chinese re
ceived the announcement favorably. ,
BERLIN, Feb. 19.— In considering an
item in the Foreign Office budget pro
viding $3,500,000 for expenses in the Far
East, including the maintenance of
German troops at Klaochou, Shantung
province, and the Chili province, China,
some of th» members of the Reichstag
Appropriations Committee to-day ob
jected to the expenditures as be
ing unnecessarily burdensome. Foreign
Secretary von Richthofen confidentially
communicated to the committee cer
tain information about Far Eastern
conditions, and. he added in the public
session that Germany had 1939 men, in- 1
eluding non-corfjbatants; Great Britain
had 2725, France "1781, Japan 1287 and
Italy 771 men in China. The present
force in Chilinprovince, the Secretary
explained,' was really too weak td
maintain Internal order, while the 600
reserves in Klaochou were a slender pre
caution for the preservation of the neu
trality of that district. This was no
time, he added, to weaken German rep
resentation diplomatically or militarily
in the Far East.
CZAR'S TROOPS THRONG
TO MANCHURIA AND
CIVILIANS DEPART
HARBIN. Manchuria, Feb. 18.— The
Russian troops are concentrated In the
lower Yalu River Valley. Everybody is
in high spirits and daily expecting rein
forcements.
Russian families are leaving Manchu
ria owing to the dearness of provisions,
all of wnich are required for the troops.
The Manchurlan and especially the
trans-Baikal railroads cannot copejylth
the demands for transportation. Women
and children are unable to get trains
and many are waiting at the stations,
suffering from cold and hunger.
The rise in prices is due to some ex
tent to- the fall in the value of paper
money, which in some places Is alto
gether refused. .
It 1r expected that there will be suf
ficient supplies of bread, meat, butter,
petroleum and fodder, but not enough
sugar, preserved meats and linen, and
that there will be a great scarcity of
boots. It is not to be expected that
such stores can arrive for some time.
The Manchurian railroad "officials
have applied for extra allowances of
pay. .-' . J •
Hussion Soundron 3Iust Return.
PARIS/NFeb,, 20. — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Figaro ca
bles that the : Russian sauadron. at
Jibutil, French Somaliland. on the
Gulf, of Aden, has. been ordered to re
turn to Cronstadt. . •,;.'. >";.*
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
' Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Pile*.
Tour drugicist will refund money If P&zo
Ointment tails to cure you to 8 to 14 dajrs. SQa*
twwi n 1 1' in pw irw in iiiihhiii niTPT'inrfii' i < <\ . ■
United States May
Call Germany
to Terms.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
war, but it is pointed out. that the
French navigation laws contain no pos
itive requirement that belligerent ships
shall leave a neutral port within twen
ty-four hours, and that therefore this
matter is one of regulation by custom,
instead of. being a legal requirement, as
under the British navigation laws. •
No change has yet been announced
relative \ to permitting the Russian
squadron to remain at Jibutil, French
Somaliland, the "authorities evidently
belng desirous to fully observe the re
quirements of neutrality without un
necessarily causing offense or embar
rassment to a power with which France
is closely allied. *
RUSSIAN WABSHIP
AT CANARY ISLANDS.
MUST DEPART SOON
MADRID, Feb. '19.— A Russian war
ship has arrived at a Canary Island
port. The authorities have notified her
commander that his ship may remain in
port for a limited time, but that he
cannot be provided with coal In quan
tity more than sufficient to enable him
to reach the nearest Russian port.
Premier Mura denies the report that
the British Government hinted to Spain
the necessity for adopting measures to
safeguard her neutrality in the Russo-
Japanese dispute, asserting that no
diplomatic negotiations whatever have
been received on the subject, and that
the military steps taken were a step
forward by the most elementary pru
dence.
DOWAGER EMPRESS
OF CHINA IS DEAD,
SAYS THE RUMOR
LONDON, Feb.* 19. — A special dis
patch from says it is reported
in official circles there that the Dow
ager Empress of China is dead.
The Chinese legation here has heard
nothing of the reported death of the
Dowager Empress and discredits It.
Neither Canton nor Hongkong is a
reliable source of news.
REPAIRS OX BATTLESHIPS
ARE REPORTED COMPLETED
Czarevitch and Retvizan Said to Be
Affiiin llcndy for Active
Service. "
PARIS, Feb. 20. — A private dis
patch from Port Arthur says the re
pairs to the Russian battleships Czare
vitch and Retvizan are almost" com
pleted.
The statement is published this
morning from St. Petersburg that the
Czarina occupies herself every day
wlth ladles of the nobility in preparing
Red Cross material for the empire's
wounded.
Japanese Cruiser Near- Shanghai.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 19. — A large Jap
anese cruiser arrived at Wusung
(eleven miles north of Shanghai) .to
day.
Ex-Constable Sues Judge.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 19. — Ex-Constable
George D. Gray has filed an answer
and counter suit to the action com
menced against him by City Justice
R. B. Tappan for the recovery of
$20, .which the magistrate claims he
loaned the former Constable. • In his
cross suit Gray asserts that Justice
Tappan is indebted to him to the ex
tent of $100 for services rendered and
for a shotgun which he alleges the de
fendant accepted and never paid for.
Burglars Visit Dr. Dow.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1». — The residence
of Dr. E. L.'Dow at 437 Vernon street
was entered by burglars this evening
during the absence of the family and
$35 in coin and a small amount of
jewelry were stolen. Entrance Was
gained through a basement window
and • the ioss was not discovered until
the return of the family this -evening.
Russia Answers Hay's Note
and Will Limit the Area
of War.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 19. — Rus
sia's reply to Secretary Hay's note on
China was handed to Embassador Mc-
Cormick to-day.
The reply was given to Mr. McCor
mick by Foreign Minister Lamsdorff
and was promptly dispatched to Wash
ington. It is known that the terms of
the reply are along the lines previously
indicated, being a virtual acceptance
in principle, with the exception of
Manchuria, which is now the theater
of war, and where Russia's special in
terests lie.
The Foreign Office explained that
Russia is as solicitous as the other
powers that the neutrality of China
should not be broken and that the area
of hostilities be confined to the narrow
est limits.
The Foreign Office also reported that
Viceroy Alexieff explained that, as
Dalny was practically in a state of
siege and without commerce, it was
impracticable to allow consuls or
consular agents there during the period
DECLARES PROPOSITION
FAILED TO BE CARRIED
Supreme Court Files Decision Declar
ing That Santa Rosa Is Xot En
titled to Xew Charter.
The Supreme Court has decided that
the city of Santa Rosa is not, entitled
to the charter for which a majority of
votes was cast In the municipal elec
tion of May, 1902. It may also mean
that bonds may not be issued in San
Francisco for .the improvement of
Telegraph Hill.* There is. however,
considerable doubt in the minds of
leading members of the legal frater
nity that the two cases are analogous.
The constitution provides that a
freeholders' charter may be ratified at
a general or special election by a "ma
jority of such qualified electora voting
thereat." In the Santa Rosa genera)
election of 1902 1474 votes were cast.
On the question as to the adoption of
a charter .only 1143 votes were cast.
Of these 611*were in favor of the
proposition and 532 against it. A ma
jority of those voting on the question
of the adoption of the charter were in
favor of it, but not a majority of all
who voted at .the election. The Su
preme Court says that a majority or
all the voters should have voted for
the propsltion in order to have se
cured its passage.
A two-thirds majority of those who
voted on the Telegraph Hill proposi
tion were in favor of it, but not a two
thirds majority of all who voted sit
the election. Our charter says in ref
erence to the passage of bond propo
sitions that there must be a two
thirds majority of such qualified elec
tors voting thereon,". '
Justice Shaw wrote the courts
opinion. . r^J .
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Feb. 10.— The California
branch of the National Association of Col
legiate Alumnae will visit the university on
February 27. when the regular monthly meet
ing will be held In Hearst Hall. Preparations
have been made to receive the visiting mem
bers and take them to the Greek theater, the
new minlnr building and other points of in
terest on the campus In the morning. At noon
luncheon will be served by the senior women
Jn Hearst Hall; at 2:30 o'clock there will be a
short programme In the auditorium. In the
absence of President Wheeler. Professor A. F.
Latue will speak, as will also Dr. Jessica
Peixotto and Miss Katherlne Chandler, presi
dent of the association. All senior women
and women graduates have been Invited to
attend tbe afternoon meeting. The reception
committee consists of Mrs. Bernard Moses.
Mrs Frederick Slate. Mrs. John Galen How
ard, Mrs. Slack and Dr. Robertson. The sentor
women have been asked to help do the honors
and the Women's Choral Society and the Wo
men's Mandolin and Guitar Club will play
during the afternoon. ;
E. H. Sawyer has been appointed chairman
of the chess committee of the Associated
Students to fill the vacancy caused by the re
tirement of W. B. Scotchler from the univer
sity. A. D. Weltrec will occupy the place
formerly filled on the committee by Mr. Saw
yer; Arrangements for the tournament with
Stanford will be made next week.
Only two matches of the tennis tournament
have been played this week on account of the
weather and condition of the courts. Miss
Marian Craig defeated Miss Florence Atkinson.
6-1 6-0, and Mlsa Mariam Edwards defeated
Miss Gladys Wlckson, 6-9, 6-9. It will be
next Monday at least before an opponent for
Miss Ethel Ratcliffe, the college champion,
will be found.
It has been decided to divide the student
workmen on Labor clay Into squads, which will
be directed by foremen selected from among
the senior students. The following named
have been chosen for this Important office:
S. I. neaser, J. W. Geary. H. S. Payson. I*
\V. Rohrer, L. D. Smith, Rolph Thelen. Philip
M. Carey. S. A. Henderson, O. F. Snedigar.
A. W. Mowbray. S. M. Stow, C. H. Parker.
B. B. Boyd. E. L*. Soule. W. W. Mott and J.
A Neighbor.
OFFICIALS MAKE AVAR
OX CHICKENS AND COWS
City of Oakland Is to Be Rid of Nuis
ances Arising From Dairies
and Fowls.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19. — Nuisances in
the way of chickens and dairies are
now under the ban in Oakland. The
Board of Health is taking stringent
measures to rid the municipality of
the obnoxious congregation of the
feathered family and the City Council
13 now framing: an. ordihance to pre
vent dairies from being maintained
within the city limits.
In the annexed district there is but
one dairy, which, under the new ordi
nance, will have to remove beyond the
limits of the city.
Burglnrs Sentenced to Folsom.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19. — Edward Con
ners, a self-confessed burglar, was
sentenced to three years at Folsom
to-day for stealing tools from different
unfinished houses. He was given a
year for each of three offenses.
Charles F. Haldenby, who pleaded
guilty to breaking Into the Masonic
Cathedral and stealing some cigars, a
hammer and some other articles of
small value, was given one year at
Folsom.
Runaway Boys Arrested.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 19. — Ernest
Schultz and Harry Knox, runaway
youths from San Francisco, were ar
rested this morning early by Patrol
man J. C. Blunk while they were
shooting sparrows along Park street
with air guns and looking for Japan
ese spies. The youths had become en
thused with the warlike spirit by
reading bulletins in San Francisco.
Will Address "Old Guard."
OAKLAND. Feb. 19. — Governor
George C. Pardee and Cantaln J. B.
Louck, the newly appointed adjutant
general of the State, will address the
members of the Old Guard at the
meeting to-morrow evening. All mem
bers are requested to attend the camp
fire and reunion, which will be held
at Armory Hall.
of hostilities. His views have been
communicated to the United States,
which had appointed a Consul there.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— Secretary
Hay received, by cable from Embassa
dor McCormick, the reply of the Rus
rian Government to the proposition re
lating to Chinese neutrality. It is con
sidered by the department to be re
sponsive to our note, and its substance
has been communicated to the govern
ments of Japan and China.
It Is the present intention merely to
acknowledge the Russian note.
While the text of the note is with
held at present, it is said that Russia
attaches a condition to the effect that
acceptance of the proposition is not
to be regarded as excluding Manchuria
from the seat of war.
It is said that Japan has consented
to allow several United States army
officers to accompany the Japanese
forces in the field as military observ
ers. Russia has indicated that she may
be able to accommodate some American
military observers after March 15.
BOLD THIEF SNATCHES
PURSE FROM A WOMAX
Attempts to Escape by Flight, bnt Is
Captured by Patrolman
Teutenberg-
Frank Graham was arrested last
night by Patrolman Teutenbers and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of grand larceny. His crime was a
particularly bold one. While Miss
Catherine Ryan of 813 Cole street was
waiting for a car at the safety station,
corner of Market and Kearny streets.
Graham snatched her purse, contain
ing 51 50, and took to his heels. Miss
Ryan plucklly gave chase until she
saw Patrolman Teutenberg pursue the
fellow down Post street. Graham at
tempted to escape by running through,
Lick court, but the officer was too
quick for him. During his flight he
discarded his plunder, but it was sub
sequently picked up by the officer.
Graham, who gives his occupation as
a bookkeeper, said that hunger
prompted him to commit the theft. He
arrived in this citv about a week ago
from Seattle in company with a wo
man and claims that she disappeared
with his savings, amounting to $800.
For two nights he say3 he was with
out a bed or sufficient food, and be
coming despondent determined to risk
securing some money in a felonious
manner.
MRS. KNAUER MUST PROVE
HER RIGHT TO ALLOWANCE
Judge Trontt Makes an Order Discon
tinuing Monthly Sum She Has
Been Receiving From Estate.
In order to get more money from the
estate of Ferdinand Knauer Marie
Knauer, the woman who claims to be
his widow, , will have to appear in
court and prove that she was legally
the wife of the aged German. Such
was the decision rendered yesterday
by Judge. TrOutt and he accordingly
Issued an order discontinuing the fam
ily allowance of SI 50 a month award
ed Mrs. Knauer Shortly after the will
of Knauer was filed for probate. The
order goes into effect on March 11, the
day Mrs. Knauer's allowance for that
month falls due.
The order is the result of an affida
vit tiled by Attorney William Rix and
Emil Pohli, legal representatives of
the helrs-at-law of Knauer, in which
they aver that Mrs. Knauer had never
shown that Hie was his widow and
that she was at the time she married
him the wife of a German in Chicago,
from whom she had never been di
vorced. - .
Judge Troutt overruled Mra.
Knauer's demurrer to the petition for
the revocation of the order granting
the family allowance and gave her
twenty days in which to file an an
swer.
Case of Smallpox on Battleship Maine.
GUANTANAMO. Cuba. Feb. 19. —
The United States battleship Maine,
which was quarantined on her arrival
here yesterday owing to her having a
number of cases of measles on board,
also had a case of smallpox. The aux
iliary cruiser Yankee has a case of
measles on board.
It is estimated that there are about
5.500,000 men in India who have given
up all earthly employment and live
apart as ascetics and spend their time
in roanflng around the country as re
ligious mendicants.
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
n The square peg in the round hole "
figuratively expresses the use of means
un3uited to the desired end. A great
many people who have been cured of
dyspepsia and other diseases of the stom-
ach and its allied organs of digestion and
nutrition by the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery say : "We tried many
medicines with only temporary benefit.
It wo3 not until we began the use of
'Golden Medical Discovery' that we-
found a complete and lasting cure."
$3,000 FORFEIT will be paid by
Woiud's Dispensary Msdicax, Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y., if
they cannot 3hov7 the original signature
?f the individual volunteering the testi-
monial below, and also of the writers of
rvery testimonial araong the thousands
which they are constantly publishing,
thus proving their genuineness.
" It is xriih pleasure that I tell yoa what Dr.
Tiercc'3 Golden Medical Discovery and ' Pellets •
i-.avc done for inc." writes Mrs. T. M. Palmer, of
Peede, Kanfman Co., Texas. "Two yearn ago I
was taken with stomach aad bowel trouble.
T.verylhina; 1 ate would put me in distress, i
lived two wrefcs on milt aad even that gave me
pain. I felt as though I would starve to death.
Three doctors attended me— one said I had Jyr*.
uepaia. two said catarrh of the stomach and
barrel*. They atteiiilcd me (one at a time) for
oneyear. I stopped taking their medicine and
;riea some patent medicine ; jtot no better, and
I grew so west aad nervous my heart would
Qatter. I could not do aay tiad of wort. Now
I can do my bonse wort very wc!l ; ant gaining;
in JlezK and strength, aad can eat anything I
want."
Accept no. substitute for Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of nailing cnly. Send
21 one-cent stamps for the paper covered
book, or 31 stamps for the cloth bound
volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. Y.POWERS WILL COMBINE TO LOCALIZE THE STRIFE
HOT CRITICISM
FOR ROOSEVELT
Congressman Fitzgerald Says
President Is Unsafe and
May Involve Us in a War
OPPOSES A GREAT NAVY
Speaker Declares That It Is
the Policy of the Adminis
tration to Surpass Germany
WASHINGTON. Feb. 19.— The House
to-day began consideration of the naval
appropriation bill, ten hours being al
lowed for general debate. During th?
general discussion Fitzgerald (Demo
crat) of New York declared that our
naval programme was to procure a
naval force greater than that of Ger
many. He further said:
"In all sections of the country the
conviction, rightly or wrongly held, is
firm that the present occupant of the
White House is apt to involve us in war
with some other nation."
Referring to a statement of Admiral
Dewey that the sea force should con
sist of forty-eight battleships, Fitzger
ald said that confirmed his assertion
that the r.aval programme was based
on the theory that our navy should be
larger than that of Germany. It was
time to call a halt on much talk of an
inflammatory character that was heard
throughout this land, declared Fitz
terald, adding: •Public officers are the
chief offenders by loose, indefinite and
bombastic statements. The Naval Com
mittee in its report is not entirely free
from the disease."
Referring to the speech by Secretary
Moody and that of Bede of Minneapolis
concerning the Monroe doctrine, Fitz
gerald said President Cleveland never
would have issued his "universally
praised Venezuelan message" if he had
stopped to measure the relative
etrength of the navies of the two coun-
Tri«-s. In conclusion he asked: "'Are we
to have a great navy merely to furnish
fjir.mcr holidays that high officers may
pia> at v.ar?"
Foss. speaking for the bill, said the
aggregate amount appropriated would
afford comfort to the economist and an
ir.spitatiun to those who believed in
th- p"Iiey of building up the American
navy.
In" emphasizing the necessity of build
ing up th>? navy in times of peace and
the impossibility uf building ships in
limes? iif war Fos.s exclaimed:
"What would Russia jrivp to-day if
sh» could call back some of her sunken
snips?
•If eternal vigilance is the price of
liberty." Foss declared, "eternal prep
aiiii.on for war i«? the price of peace."
He called attention to the great dif
ference between the army and navy.
The array is largely made up of per
s=- jir.oK the major general can be made
by the Ftroke of a pen. but it requires
tarty jreans to make an admiral, and
years of work to build a navy.
Referring to the recent troubles in
Santo Domingo. Foss sa;d the time may
<«nio when the United States will say
to Panto Domingo and Hayti that if
they cannot preserve order the Ameri
can navy will do so for them. The
Monroe doctrine also must be looked
out for. The navy must be relied upon
to back up American diplomacy, which.
' h-> said, never stood so high as it does
to-day under Secretary Hay.
," . Meyer of Louisiana, the ranking
minority member of the committee,
tvmbated the statement that the navy
was topheavy. He regards the bulld
*5rf? of a strong navy as a measure of
i pear* 4 .
Fitzgerald pave figures showing the
s=trenjrih oi the German navy and
•what it viJI be in the immediate fu
ture. Admiral Dewey. he said, In a
hearing before the Naval Committee,
made this statement:
"I think we ought to be a little
ahead of any country that is likely to
nua«;k us. I think if we were to have
forty-eipht battleships in twenty years
th'y wouM let us :i1one."
Fitzgerald continuing said:
"If the prevailing belief is justified
n:id if the President is to be given
four years of power in his own right.
now that the preat representative of
th* 1 conservative force in the Repub
lican party, the !ate Senator from
Ohio (Mr. Hanna) is gone to his? re
.v.ard. it may be wise for us to outdo
even Great Britain in our naval pro
gramme. Is it the part of wisdom to
«<nrourafe an unsafe and impetuous
r.nd adventure-loving executive by
]<>o^p talk and with big appropria
tions?"
Arrested for Embezzlement.
DENVER, Colo.. Feb. 19. — Charles
McCully was placed under arrest here
io-day on the charge of embezzling
SI H. 000 from the Plata Cobre Mining
Company of Arizona while acting as
their London representative.
McKlnley's Condition is Improved.
SOMERSET. Pa.. Feb. 19. — Abner
McKinley's condition was slightly im
proved to-day. His physicians re
fuse to express any opinion further
than that he is not in immediate dan
ger. ■
the soap which began its
sale in the 18th century,
sold all through the 19th
- and is selling in the 20th.
ftfM* &I1 crer the world.
There are ginger worms and
'red -pepper bugs — queer board-
ers — that have to be looked
for, not in Schilling's Best, but
in making it. There are eggs
of these queer boarders, too
small to be killed by grinding.
Don't keep spices warm, or
they'll hatch.
SAT BERRTS
FIRED FIRST
Millionaire Dewey and His
Cowboys, Wilson and Mc-
Bride. Outline Their Defense
ARMY OFFICERS TESTIFY
Promise Is Made to Show the
AYeapon of One of the Victims
"Was Filled After Shooting
KANSAS CITY, Feb. 19. — A special
to the Star from Norton, Kans., says:
State Senator Hessin, attorney for
Chauncey Dewey and his two cow
boys, McBride and Wilson, to-day told
the defendant's "side of the shooting
affray at the Berry ranch on June 30
last, when three members of the Ber
ry family were shot down, and began
the introduction of the testimony, the
defense's first witness being General
Wilder S. Metcalf, former major of
the Twentieth Kansas Volunteers and
n«\T pension agent at Topeka. Pre
viously Judge Geiger had overruled
motions to discharge Wilson, Dewey
and McBride.
Senator Hessin. in his narrative- of
the battle, asserted that the Berrys
had fired the first shou It would be
shown, he said, that on the day of the
fight Dewey, McBride and WilPon had
gone to the Berry place to take away
a water tank they had bought. The
three Berry boys walked across the
yard with their hands uuon their re
volvers. Chauncey Dewey called out
to them to stop where they were and
the three Berrys drew their revolv
ers and fired.
"Then." asserted Attorney Hessin,
"our men fired, and not until then.
Our men acted in self-defense. Burch
Berry, instead of shooting only once,
emptied his revolver. We will show
that the revolver Burch Berry carried
was not only replaced in its holster
after his death, but we will make it
plain that it was reloaded and that
the barrel was cleaned, but whoever
cleaned the barrel forgot to clean the
chambers and it now shows evidences
of the gunDowder from its discharge
on that fatal day."
General Melcalf, Colonel Ward C.
Little of the Twentieth Kansas and
Captain Claud Hamilton, -who had
fought with Wilson in tire Spanish
war. testified as to that defendant's
good character and bravery. C. W.
Birch of Salina, a brother of Justice
Birch of the State Supreme Court,
also testified as to Wilson's good char
acter.
While the trial was in progress to
day the Sheriff of Norton County ar
rested seven other Dewey cowboys
•who were with Dewey on the day the
shooting of the Berrys occurred and
who are in town as witnesses for the
defense. The men arrested were each
served with three Justice warrants
from Cheyenne County for the killing:
of Burch Berry, Daniel P. Berry and
Alphus Berry, making twenty-one
warrants for murder.
Judge Gefger immediately- issued an
order that the men should not be re
moved from Norton until they were
allowed to testify in the present trial.
They were released on $1000 bail each.
BOIXIXGER CASE WILL
GO TO SUPREME COURT
An Appeal Will Be Taken From the
Superior Court of Santa Clara
County.
SAN JOSE. Feb.na. — The Bollinger
will contest, which has been before the
courts for four years, is to be carried
to the Supreme Court. In December
the heirs of Mary A. L. Bollinger, the
widow of Christian Bollinger. received
a verdict at the hands of Judge Hy
land in their favor. The contest was
brought against George Y. Bollinger,
a son of the testator, to have a lot of
property, valued at about $100,000, re
ceived from his father ju«t before his
death, declared community property.
It was claimed that George Y. Bol
linger by undue influence had secured
the property from his father. The
brothers and sisters of George Y. Bol
linger were left with practically noth
ing. By the decision rendered some
$50,000 worth of property held by
George Y. Bollinger was declared the
property of the estate of Christian
Bollinger. The estate of Mary L. Pul
lan, one of the heirs, was given judg
ment for an undivided one-fifth in
terest of the Quivey ranch and also
a one-fifth interest of the Bascom tract
and an undivided one-fifth interest in
several notes, aggregating $500, and
also that he holds in trust for such
executors the sum of $10,649. An ap
peal is to be taken by George Y. Bol
linger from this part of the judgment.
The matter will be held on March 5.
There is a large array of legal talent
in the case and as about four years
have been occupied in its trial in the
lower court the case promises to be in
the Supreme Court for a long time.
HEIRS TO BATTLE
FOR THE LULL ESTATE
San Francisco Attorney Charged With
Having Used Undue Influence
on Testator.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 19. — An opposi
tion to the probate of the will of the
late James Lull has been filed in the
Superior Court by Mrs. Sarah H. Tru
man and Mrs. Maria A. Platt, sisters
of the deceased. Lull died in Novem
ber last, leaving an estate in this coun
ty valued at $7000. It consists prin
cipally of notes and mortgages. Lull
devised his estate to Mrv. James Lull,
a divorced wife; two daughters and a
granddaughter of Attorney E. A.
Bridgeford of San Francisco and sev
eral others.
The *»ntestants assert that Lull. left
no other relatives but themselves and
that they are the sole heirs at law.
They declare that their brother was
of unsound mind and utterly incom
petent to make a will or care for his
property and that the will filed for
probate was secured by means of un
due influence of E. A. Bridgeford. It
is stated that the latter had acquired
complete control of Lull. It is recited
that Lull's father left him $7000 in
trust and that Bridgeford made re
peated efforts to induce the heirs to
break the trust, and, failing in this,
he worked on Lull until he had him
execute the will in question.
Mas' Accept a New Charge.
SAX MATEO, Feb. 19. — Rev. Nep
tune B. W. Gal way of Menlo Park has
been called to the rectorship of the
CWurch of St. Matthew in this city to
fill the vacancy caused by the resigna
tion of Rev. E. L. Parsons, who re
cently accepted a call to St. Mark's
Church, Berkeley. Rev. Galway's de
cision will not be Itnown for twenty
days, but it is believed he will accept.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
Russian War Flags
Presented to
Mikado.
Japan Will Respect
the Neutrality of
V_> 1 1 1 1 i CX •
TOKIO. Feb. 19. — Captain Kurakami,
commander of the Japanese armored
ship Chiyoda, to-day presented the
Emperor with the shot-torn flags of
the Russian cruisers Variag and Ko
reitz, which were sunk at Chemulpo
on February 'J. , The Emperor was
much affected. He congratulated Kura
kami and made him the bearer of an
affectionate message to the officers
and men of the fleet.
The response of Japan to the request
of China for a statement of its position
in regard to the neutrality of the latter
country was made public to-dav. Its
text is as follows:
"The Imperial Government, desiring
to avoid as far as possible a disturb
ance of the peaceful cc-ndition of affairs
which prevails in China, will in all
parts of Chinese territory, excepting
the regions now occupied by Russia,
respect the neutrality of China, so long
as Russia does the same.
"The rules of war which govern the
forces of Japan in the field do not
permit the wanton destruction cf prop
erty. Accordingly, the Imperial Chi
nese Government may rest assured that
the mausoleums and palaces at Muk
den and Hslngking and public build
ings in China everywhere will be se
cure from any injury not attributable
to the action of Russia.
"Furthermore, the rights of Chinese
officials and inhabitants within the
zone of military operations will, in their
persons and property, be fully respected
and protected by the imperial forces,
so far as military necessity permits.
In the event, however, that they should
extend aid and comfort to the enemy
of Japan the Imperial Government re
serves to itself the right to take such
action as circumstances require,
"It remains only to say in conclusion
that the present war is not being waged
by Japan for the purpose of conquest,
but solely in defense of her legitimate
rights and interests, and consequently
that the Imperial Government has no
intention to acquire territory at the
expense of China as a result of the con
flict. .
"The Japanese Government also wishes
the Imperial Chinese Government 1 to
clearly understand that whatever ac
tion may be taken by it on Chinese
territory, which is made the theater of
■war, will be the result of military
necessity, and not in impairment of
Chinese sovereignty."
UXION' OF PRESBYTERIAN*
CHURCHES IS .VOW ASSURED
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 19.— The committee
on church co-operation and union of
the Presbyterian church of the United
States and the committee on fraternity
and union of the Cumberland Presbyte
rian church to-day unanimously adopt
ed an agreement as a basis of the
union of the two churches. It is in the
shape of a report to the general assem
blies cf the churches and must be rati
fied by both these bodies before it be
comes operative. Both general assem
blies will meet on May 19, the Presbyte
rian at Buffalo and the Cumberland at
Dallas. Texas. The action of these
committees if ratified by the general
assemblies will make .the Presbyterian
church national in character, with a
membership approximating 1.230,000. It
is recommended that the united
churches shall be known as the Presby
terian church in the United States of
America. The union shall be effected
on the doctrinal basis of the confession
of faith of the Presbyterian church In
the United States as revised In 1903,
and of the other doctrinal and ecclesi
astical standards. The various Presby
teries will vote on the proposed basis
of union and submit their decision to
the respective assemblies.
NO LIGHT OX DEATH
OF ADOLPIIUS DRUCKER
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.— The inquest
in the case of Adolphus Drucker, the
English member of the Parliament
and owner of mines in British Colum
bia who died on December 10 last in
the alcoholic ward at Bellevue Hospi
tal, was held to-day. Drucker's life
was insured for more than $1,000,000
in the interest of the Hooleys of Lon
don and at the time of his death com
plaint was made by James Murphy
and William Otto, patients in the same
ward, that the man had been cruelly
treated by the nurses at Bellevue
Hospital. After hearing testimony
Coroner Jackson directed the jury to
find that Drucker's death was due to
causes unknown and asked that the
hospital officials be relieved from any
blame in the case. This was done.
Asphyxiated By Gas From a Furnace.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn.. Feb. 19. —
Asphyxiation by coal gas from a fur
nace is said to have been the cause of
death of Joseph B. Canfleld, superin
tendent of the Canfield Rubber Com
pany, and his Swedish maid servant,
whose bodies were discovered in their
sleeping apartments in the Canfleld
residence in this city to-day. Mrs.
Canfleld apparently is suffering from
the effects of gas inhalation.
Callfornlans in Nc.v York.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — J. A. Berit
schoff, at the Cadillac; F. B. Friedley,
at the Imperial; H. M. Abrams, at the
Herald Square; J. L. Bransteed, at the
Astor; R. Hurd and wife, at the
Grand, and A. McXamara, at the Her
ald Square.
From San Jose — Miss E. P. Doyle
and. Miss Syer. at the Manhattan.
Baltimore Fire Causes Failure.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn., Feb. 19.—
Judge. Polk to-day, on motion of the
Attorney General of the State., issued
a temporary injunction forbidding
the Millers' and Manufacturers' Fire
Insurance Company from transacting
any further business. The company is
one of the oldest in Minnesota and its
difficulties dire due to a heavy loss In
the Baltimore flre. .Its assets are
$165,000; liabilities, $196,000.
Berlin Broker Ends His Life.
BERLIN. Feb. 19.— Max H. Meyer,
a well-known broker on the Boerse,
shot and killed himself with a revolver
at his villa last night. His mind had
become disordered owin? to the Ions
of $100,000 by the fall in Russian se
curities. Herr Meyer had, however, a
fortune sevenfl times larger than his
liabilities.
Cossacks Crossing
the Yalu Into
Korea.
Chinese Endeavor
to Attack the
Muscovite.
LONDON. Feb. 20. — Complete stagna
tion in war news leads the newspapers
this morning to discuss the political as
pect of the struggle in the Far East as
they are likely to affect Great Britain.
No great importance is attached to the
stories published in Paris and elsewhere
on the Continent *of alleged intrigues
looking to the coalition of Russia,
France and Germany, the belief being
that it is to the Interest of all the
powers to take steps to localize the
struggle.
At the same time It is recognized that
in all three of these countries there Is
a strong feeling against Great Britain
on account of her alliance with Japan;
and as Germany and France joined
with Russia in .1S95 against Japan, it
would be natural for Russia to. seek
similar assistance in her present diffi
culties. The argument is therefore
made that it behooves Great Britain
to be prepared for any and all results.
News of the abolition of the Russian
censorship has not yet reached the
English newspapers.
Russian dispatches to the London
press record the rapid growth of Anglo
fphobic feeling. According to the Kiev
correspondent of the Standard, many
Englierh boys have been withdrawn
from Russian schools owing to the an
noyance and insults to which they were
subjected and there. Is evidence in the
restaurants and other public resorts
that the position of British residents In
Kiev would be dangerous should Great
Britain become involved in the Russo-
Japanese struggle.
The Tientsin correspondent of the
Daily Mail supplies a new version of
the loss of the Russian cruiser Boy
arin. obtained from an officer who sur
vived the blowing up of ihe Russian
torpedo transport Yenisei. This offi
cer says that on the day following the
Yenisei's catastrophe. February 12, a
violent storm brought many mines to
the surface of the water at Port Ar
thur. The Boyarin was sent to assist
in securing them, but she was caught
in the storm, was driven on the rocks
and sunk. If tb'.s account is correct
it explains the Russian official denials
that the Boyarin was torpedoed by the
Japanese or that she was blown up as
a result of accidental contact with a
Russian mine at Port Arthur.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Express asserted that after an
interview with the Japanese Consul at
Shanghai the captain of the Russian
gunboat Mandjur consented to disarm
his vessel and to keep it in the harbor
of Shanghai until the conclusion of
hostilities. •
The correspondent at Seoul of the
Daily .Mail reports that 1500 Cossacks
are crossing the Yalu River into Korea
near Wiju and that •Cossack scouts
have already advanced^ into Korea as
far as Anju.
Cable dispatches from Shanghai de
clare that General Ma. who is protect
ing the borders of Pechili province,
wires that it is becoming more difficult
daily to prevent the Chinese troops at
Hsinmintun. province of Shingking.
from crossing the Liaoho River and
engaging the Russians employed in
guarding the railroad near Mukden.
NOTED CONVERT
TO THE MORMON
CREED IS DEAD
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 19.— Mrs.
Sarah C. Bigler, known and beloved by
all Mormons as "Saint Sarah," is dead
at Plymouth, -Box Elder County, Utah,
at the age of 98. General decline, due
to old age, was the .cause of death.
"Saint Sarah" was one of the earliest
converts to the religion founded by Jo
seph Smith and sire passed through all
the persecutions that attended the
early days of the Mormon church." She
was a great friend of the prophet, Jo
seph Smith, and twice she saved his
life. Once, in Jackson County, Mis
souri, when a mob was seeking his life
Mrs. Bigler secreted him in her house
and disguising him in her own clothing
enabled him to escape. Later, when
Joseph Smith and his brother were
forced to flee for their lives from Kirt
land, Ohio, hotly pursued by men bent
on killing them, "Saint Sarah" led the
mob on a false lead and thus aided the
Mormon leaders to make their escape.
At the time of the killing of. Joseph
Smith and his brother in the Carthage
Jail "Saint Sarah" was living In the
Mormon city of Nauvoo, Illinois, and
with the- other Mormons was driven
from her home by the mobs. In com
pany with the Brigham Young expedi
tion she crossed the plains to the new
Zion in the valley of the Great Salt
Lake.
Well Known Coloradan Dies.
DENVER. Feb. 19. — Henry Michel
sen, supervisor of Pike's Peak For
estry Reserve and a well known writer
on irrigation and forestry matters,
died to-day of pneumonia. He was
80 years of age and for thirty years
was engaged in the railroad business.
He was vice president of the American
Forestry Association and a member of
the National Irrigation Association.
American Association of Science and
the National Geographical Society.
Ex-Mlnister Winston Dead.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19.— Frederick H.
Winston, Minister to Persia from 1886
to 1888 and who was formerly prom
inent in Chicago municipal, political
and legal circles, died at Magnolia
Springs, Fla., in his seventy-fourth
year, 'j., --:
Meredith Raines Miller Dies.
VACAVILLE, Feb. 19.— Meredith
Raines Miller, a pioneer of this section,
died here this evening, aged 85 years.
The deceased was a veteran of the
Mexican and Civil wars.
Jacob Hess of Xew York Dies.
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.— Jacob Hess,
formerly Police Commissioner and' in
former years a power in local Republi
can politics, died to-day at his home in
Rye, N..Y. SJ ,
Death of a Distinguished Clergyman.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 19. — Rev. W. Pope
Teaman, for ' twenty . years moderator
of the . Missouri Baptist Association,
died suddenly to-day, aged 74 years.
Wheat Is Boominq
as Result of
Conflict.
Excitement Reigns
in Chicago
: Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19.— In the midst of
excitement 'unequaled on Change since
the days of the Leiter deal in 1898, the
price of wheat for May delivery
touched $1 OS to-day. This record price,
the third highest in the history of grain
speculation in Chicago in the last twen
ty years, was reached within fifteen
minutes after the big gong on the floor
of the exchange announced the opening
of the day's business.
At the opening May wheat sold at
$1 and $1 01, and touched $f 03, but a
moment later the price had fallen into
two figures again, but the relapse was
only temporary, and almost Instantly
the price with a single bound reached
the mark of $1 01V&.
Toward the close of the session May
wheat again gathered strength as a
result of heavy buying and made an
other spectacular jump, touching $1 03.
A slight reaction followed this effort
and the price fell off to $1 02^, at which
point it was at the close of business.
The rise in price is partly the cause
and In part a result of a similar condi
tion in England and on the Continent.
The conflict in the Far East and belli
cose rumors from the Balkans, with
a rumor that the great powers may
forsake their pacific attitude and be
come involved in one or the other of
tKese wars, are all responsible in vary
ing degrees for the existing high prices.
In 1891 wheat for May delivery sold
at $1 OS, and In 1898 Lefter forced the
price to $1.S5.
Corn and oats were affected by wheat
strength, but in a less notable degree.
DEXIES THAT THE FRAUDS
WERE COMMITTED BY WOMEN*
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 19. — Former
Congressman John L. Shafroth of Colo
rado, who resigned his seat because of
election frauds in Denver, denies that
the frauds were committed mainly by
women. In an interview to-day
Shafroth said:
"Of the persons implicated, very few
were women; not more than one in ten
at the outside. The frauds were com
mitted in the lowest part of Denver,
where not many women live. The inci
dent was not characteristic of the
women's voting in Colorado, and it is
preposterous to make It an argument
against female suffrage. Everybody
knows there are bad women, as well
as bad men. but what would any good
man think if it were proposed to take
his vote away from him because a few
bad men somewhere had cheated at an
election? In Colorado the women vote
as generally as the men, and fraud Is
much rarer among them. As a rule
their election methods are honorable,
and the influence of woman's suffrage
on the State has been distinctly for
good."
PUBLISHES A BOOK
TO ATTACK AMERICA
NEW YORK, Feb. 19. — Copies of a
paper covered book entitled "The
Panama Canal Question: a Plea for
Colombia," consisting chiefly of let
ters accusing the United States of bad
faith and of violation of the New
Granada trdaty, are being distribut
ed by a representative here of the Co
lombian Government. The pamphlet
also is being sent in quantities of ten
to 500 to Colombian Consuls in Eu
rope.
Although the name of the author
and editor is not given, the book is
said to have been prepared by a mem
ber of the recent Colombian com
mission to Washington.
INSURANCE CO31PAXIES
WILL LOSE $31,000,000
BALTIMORE, Md., Feb. 19.— The
Baltimore Underwriter, in Its issue to
morrow, -will print the losses of all the
fire insurance companies in the Bal
timore fire. The total gross loss is
$32,S64,800, of which $6,000,000 falls
on the local companies. The estimat
ed total salvage is $1,769,700, which
leaves a net loss to the insurance com
panies of $31,095,100. It has been
learned that many of the large whole
sale dry g-oods houses formed an In
surance pool among themselves, which
amounted to about $5,000,000, from
which practically nothing will be re
alized. Another development is that
very few of the tenants of the so
called fireproof buildings carried any
insurance.
Schneider. Is Released on Bail.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19. — J. H.
Schneider of Tucson, Arizona, who re
cently was indicted and arrested in
Washington for alleged complicity In
public land frauds in the West, was
relased from custody to-day under
$12,000 bonds. He was brought up in
the Criminal Court on a petition for a
writ of habeas corpus, which alleged
illegal arrest and excessive bail. The
former point was waived to . 'avoid
delay, and Justice Pritchard sustained
the contention of excessive bail by re
ducing the amount from $20,000 to
$12,000.
Duke of Devonshire Is Dissatisfied.
LONDON, Feb. 19.— In the House of
Lords to-day the Duke of Devonshire,
Liberal Unionist, made a long speech
on the fiscal question. He explained his
position and the reasons for his resig
nation as Lord President of the Council.
He expressed the strongest dissatis
faction with the attitude of the Gov
ernment and dwelt upon the paramount
importance of the fiscal issue compared
with other questions affecting the prin
ciples of the Unionist party.
Report Rout of General Jiminez.
SAN JUAN, P. R., Feb. 19.— The
Cuban steamer Julia, which has ar
rived from San , Domingo, and the
French steamer St Simon, from Puer
ta Plata, Santo Domingo, both report
that General Jiminez, the Dominican
revolutionary leader, has been routed,
that his whereabouts is unknown and
that his cause is hopeless.
Red Cross Convention Postponed.
BERNE. Switzerland, Feb. 19. — In
consequence of the war between Rus
sia and Japan the Federal Council has
postponed indefinitely the conference
summoned to meet at Geneva May 16
to revise the Geneva convention with
the view of improving the treatment of
wounded men.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— President Roose
velt to-day signed the urgent deficiency bilL
PLANING MILL
SWEPT BY FIRE
Plant of the Loma Prieta Com
pany at Santa Cruz Is De
stroved at an Early Hour
PH0BABLE LOSS IS $50,000
Flames Spread Very Kapidly,
and Several Residences in
Ticinity Have Narrow Escape
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 19.— The Loma
Prieta Planing Mill was burned early
this morning. The loss will approxi
mate probably $50,000.
The fire broke out in the boiler-room
about 2:30 o'clock and, although the
flre department responded promptly, it
was impossible to save any part of the
plant. The principal losers are the
Loma Prieta Lumber Company, of
which A. C. Bassett of Menlo Park is
president, W. R. Porter of "Watsonville
secretary and Directors Timothy Hop
kins and T. B. Bishop of San Fran
cisco.
■The fire spread rapidly, the flames
shooting heavenward and illuminating
the neighborhood. The buildings
burned covered over an acre of space,
and with the sheds and lumber yard
added nearly an acre more. The plan
ing mill proper, with galvanized iron
annex, the long surface lumber sheds,
the old Centennial flour mill, the office,
stable and warehouse were all swept
away.-
The fire was discovered by the night
watchman. John Majors, who was eat
ing his lunch in the office. Majors was
first attracted by a light and. looking
out, he saw flames issuing from the
roof Just above the boilers.
Good work was done in keeping the
flames from spreading through the
lumber yard which adjoins the South
ern Pacific depot.
Three residences on Beach Hill
caught fire on the roof from falling
cinders, but the blazes were extin
guished. The windows of Sunshine
Villa, the home of ex-Lieutenant Gov
ernor W. T. Jeter, several hundred
yards away, were cracked by the heat.
. Part of the plank sidewalk on Beach
Hill, 150 feet from the burning build
ings, was burned.
The land and buildings and much of
the machinery were owned by the Santa
Cruz Bank of Savings and Loan So
ciety, which carried an insurance of
$6000.
The main building and annex were
several hundred feet in length and
were erected about twelve years ago.
In the sheds and yards more than 200,
000 feet cf lumber was burned.
The old Centennial flour mill, a build
ing four stories high, built thirty years
ago, with much of the machinery in
the structure, was burned.
The books and accounts were all in
the fireproof safe and were intact when
the safe was opened.
SACRAMENTO WOMEX
FORM A XEW CLUB
The Organization Will Be Affiliated
With the General Body of
the State.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 19.— The Wom
an's Council of Sacramento County was
organized to-day for the purpose of
forming a central body with which all
women's clubs and organizations may
affiliate in carrying out the plans of
the different branches. The following
of fleers were elected: President, Mrs.
Robert T. Devlin; vice president at
large. Mrs. W. A. Gett; corresponding
secretary. Mrs. J. J. C. Fitzgerald; re
cording secretary. Miss Nellie Dunlap;
treasurer, Mrs. O. F. Washburn.
Mrs. Devlin delivered an inaugural
address, pledging active work in the
new field of activity.
The chair appointed as head of the
different departments the following:
Improvement league. Mrs. H. E.
Wright; public schools. Miss Ella Mc-
Cleery; associated charities, Mrs. J. A.
Woodson; department of moral reform,
Mrs. Chauncey H. Dunn.
MASKED ROBBERS AT
WORK IX SAUSAL1TO
Two Men Enter a Store and Hold Up
Several Men, Securing
Neat Sum.
SAUSALITO, Feb. 19. — Two masked
men entered the grocery of Antone
Lawrence to-night about 11:30 o'clock
and held up half a dozen men, includ
ing the proprietor, securing several
watches and money aggregating about
$100.
The men entered the place quietly
and from their methods it is presumed
that they are old hands at the rob
bing game. With " drawn revolvers
they commanded Lawrence to surren
der the contents of the drawer, which
he did. The others were ordered to
give up their valuables. Dan Wilson
lost a gold watch, which bears his
name inscribed on the inner case. *
After the robbers had completed
their work they hurried away in the
direction of Mill Valley. Marshal
Hannan was Immediately notified and
dispatches were sent to Tiburon and
other neighboring towns giving de
scriptions of the highwaymen.
BELIEVE THEY HAVE
LOS ANGELES MURDERER
Mexican Arrested in Arizona Is
Charged With Killing Man in
California.
LON ANGELES, Feb. 19. — A~Mexi
can named Jose Salazar is under ar
rest at Kingman, Ariz., on a charge of
murdering Francisco Villa in Los An
geles on February 11- Police De
tective Talmantes has gone to King
man to bring the prisoner to this city.
Salazar's arrest is said to have been
brought about by a confession to a
companion that he had killed a man
in Los Anceles in a quarrel over a
card game by stabbing him in the
back. From the description of Sala
zar the police believe that he Is the
guilty party.
Does Xot Believe Griflith Insane.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. IS.— The trial of
Colonel Griffith J. Griffith, the Los An
geles capitalist, on trial for the at
tempted murder of his wife, was con
tinued to-day with the defense placing
witnesses on the stand to testify to
the insanity of the defendant. Dr. M.
L. Moore, the family physician of the
Griffiths, was called by the defense, but
he swore that he did not consider the
defendant insane.
"When the Mississippi is at
flood one can drink fresh water from
the gulf ten miles from the river's
mouth
SHIP DRIFTS
NEAR ROCKS
Unknown Vessel Narrowly Es
capes Destruction Near the
Cliff House During" Heavy Fog:
BURNS DISTRESS SIGNALS
Spreckels* Tag Relief Is Sent
to Rescue and Tows the En
dangered Craft Intd Port
An unknown three-masted, square
rigged vessel, inward bound, fired sev
eial blue rockets as a signal of distress
off Mile Rock at about 1:30 o'clock this
morning.
The Spreckels Tugboat Company im
mediately sent a tug to rescue the ves
sel and her crew should there be any
immediate danger of her destruction.
The live-saving station also launched a
lifeboat.
Owing to the dense fog that prevailed
in the vicinity of the distressed ship
it was impossible to ascertain her
name, but it is believed that she may
be one of the following vessels
that are due to arrive at this port:
Bark Annie Johnson. Honolulu; George
Curtis, Honolulu; British ship Hale
wood. Antwerp; American ship S. B.
Carleton. Newcastle, or the ship Henry
Failing, from Newcastle.
Though these vessels are all expected
to arrive at any time, it is more than
likely that the vessel that signaled for
aid last night Is the Annie Johnson,
which closely answers the description.
It later developed that the vessel was
making port under her own sail, and
that When directly off Mile Rock the
wind died out, leaving her helpless and
at the mercy of the tide that rapidly
swung her toward the rocks.
While in this predicament the vessel
signaled for assistance, but fortunately
before she grounded the wind came t^»
her aid and she was enabled to tack
before any damage had been done.
The Spreckels tug Relief was the
first to reach the vessel and towed her
safely into port.
HEAVY SEAS BATTER STEAMER.
The Lahn Reaches Xew York After
Temj)estuous Voyage From Genoa.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19. — Battered by
heavy seas and with her captain and
second officer injured by an enormous
wave that swept over the lofty bridge,
the steamer Lahn reached port to-day
after a tempestuous voyage from
Genoa. Naples and Gibraltar. She
had a very rough passages throughout,
beinj? under reduced speed every day.
On Sunday, February 14. the weather
was very squally and stormy and seas
repeatedly broke over her foredeck.
One giant sea knocked Captain Holke
and Second Officer Glunde down, frac
turing two of the captain's ribs and
bruising- the second officer on the head.
The bridge was damaged. stanchion3
bent and part of the rail carried away.
The Italian steamer Sicilia, also
from Italian ports, had a similar ex
perience.
Honduras Under Martial Law.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 19.— The Pic
ayune to-morrow will print the follow
ing: The city and province of
Tegucigalpa. Honduras, is under mar
• tlal law as a result of an attempt to
assassinate President Manuel Bonilla.
and half a dozen of the most proml-
I nent members of the Chamber of Depu-
I ties are prisoners charged with the at
tempted crime.
French Ministry Unchanged.
PARIS. Feb. 19. — There is no truth
in the rumor that Foreign Minister
Delcasse has resigned. The report be
gan to circulate in the corridors of the
Chamber of Deputies and was imme
diately denied. Premier Combes and
the other Ministers were present at the
Foreign Office at noon to-day. Ther©
*ns not the slightest indication of a
change in the Ministry.
Debate Closes on the Address.
LONDON, Feb. 19. — In the House
of Commons to-day Home Secretary
Akers-Douglas in behalf of the Gov
ernment moved the closure of the de
bate on the address in reply to the
speech from the throne, which was
carried. The address as a whole was
then agreed to without division and
the House adjourned.
Kacine Insane Asylum Is Burned.
RACINE. Wis., Feb. 19— The Racin©
asylum for the insane was burned to
night. The thirty-three patients were
saved. Loss, $100,000.
ADVEB.TISE2EENTS.
LYONS
If you are considering the
purchase of a spring suit,
call in and verify the state-
ment that my present com- '
plete stock offers finer values
and contains a greater as-
sortment of. fashionable ef-
fects than any other estab-
lishment in San Francisco.
Suits from
$15.00 up
Trousers to order
$4.50 up
Samples andself-measure-
i ments free by mail.
Ghas.LyonvS
LONDON TAILOR
721 M^rkenn4i22JtearnyJt.
34
WATER COMPANY
DEMAND VETOED
Mayor Sclimitz Refuses to Ap
prove rnitcmized Bills Pre
sented by i4ie Spring: Valley
XO KATE IS SET FOKTII
Corporation Must Be Satisfied
Without Pay or Jeopardize
Its Injunction Proceedings
Mayor Schmitz has vetoed the bills
lor the Spring Valley Water Company
for supplying water to the public
buildings and hydrants during the
month of January. The" bill for sup
plying the public buildings amounts to
$1166 t>5 and the hydrant bill is
S804S. Both of the bills were ordered
paid hy th e Board of Supervisors by
special resolution despite the fact that
neither of the bills was based on a le
pal water rate and neither of them
was itemized.
Mayor Sclimitz in vetoing the Spring
Valley's bills acts largely on the ad
vice of Bpedal Assistant City Engineer
Russell L. Dunn, representing the
Board of Publi/ Works and assisting
the Board of :/jpervisors m the fixing
of water rates. Dunn has investigated
the water bills and finds that they do
not comply with the city ordinance
and Ihe charter regarding the presen- j
tation of demands on the city and -
county of San Francisco for payment.
En a portion of his report to the Mayor j
Dunn says:
Tne Quantity of water furnished any one of '
tht public buildings is not Fpecifled: there is i
no rate of charge for the water yi>eclfie<i; j
neither the till nor the affidavit of Chief CW-rk .
George E. Booker, which Is attached, states or I
indicates how much water, if any — or that any j
definite aniouul of water was actually fur- ]
nisheeJ or Uf-^-d in f^ai.l jiublic buildings or in ;
»ny of them. Not Wing specially advised. I ,
l*li<-vf that Fonic of the puMic buiHinys ha\e I
water n:«-ier*. and that other*. i<w?»ibly the en
gist irouses. luive flat rates.
BILLS IMPROPERLY MADE.
Tht b!H ■bcoM show three faits, which it
does not show:
K;:tt — The cuar.tities of water furnished
each building.
Hecond— The rates at r.-hich furnished.
Third — The law or ordinance authorizing the
Eiine.
Concerning these matters, the affidavit of
George E. Booker, chief cluk cf the Spring
Valley \Vat«r Company, attached to said bill,
dfcciarp* "ihat the water therein tpecllM has
bee£, actually furmEhfd and the charges made
ht tne lowest current rate and the proper and
true value of the same.
The veto of the Mayor places the
Spring Valley in a peculiar predica
ment. If it is forced to make a flat
rate to the city it cannot base it on
the rate fixed for the present fiscal
year, for such a move would be a prac
tical admission that the rate now being
contested in the Supreme Court is a
just one. and would be the means of
throwing out of the court the case of
the Spring Valley against the people
of San Franciscc-, in which an injunc
tion was issued against the Supervisors
in the matter of the rate for the fiscal
year of 1003-04. Neither can the com
pany fix the rate hisher than the one [
now being contested and keep within ,
the Jaw of the ordinance and charter i
on the Question of water rates.
It seems in the light of the ordinance
and section of the charter covering the
question of water rates that the Spring
Valley will not be able to legally col
lect the amounts demanded of the city
in the two bills presented.
REFERS TO THi: CHARTER.
Dunn in his report to the Mayor re
fers to the law and cases of a similar
nature decided in the courts. The ref
erences are as follows:
Political Code, section 4072: "The Board of
Supervisor* rauct not hear or consider any
claim In favor of an individual agalnvt the
county unless an account properly made out.
giving all the Items of the claim, duly \-erlfled
as to its correctne*-*. and that the amount
claimed is Justly due. is presented to the boaid
within a war after the last item of the actual
taoart accrued.
"Dtaianii mii»-t state sufficient facts to de
termine amount due." — Christie vb. Sonoma.
Count. «30 Cal.. 164.
Thi* demand doe? not Btate i«ufflciont facts
to determine the amount due. Thp ordir.vce
fixing water rates is one of the necessary' tacts.
Also to the charter.
6e-.-tion 5 of chapter 111 of article 4: "No
<*-mand shall be paid by the Treasurer unless
It specify each several item. date, and amount
conipoeinR it. and refer by date and section to
the law or ordinance or provision of this chap
ter authorizing the same."— Sehorn vs. Wil
liams. 1 it* ral., G2L
The provision In the county povernment act
'substantially as above) ie directed to the
Jiosird of Supervisors.
This demand does not specify each several
item. date, an-1 amount ocmpoB'.nif ft, and do<-«
not refer by date and section to the ordinance
authorizing It.
If the fcprirg Valley Water Company Is try
ing to collect the "reas'or.able value" of water
actually furni.-hed to the city, in tfc'.a case
the bill t-houiJ state, first, the amount of water
actually used; next, tne fact that the amount
demanded :e the reasonable value thereof, and
the resolution (authorization) it.-- if should also
ehow the same two thinjrs.
MAYOR SCIIMITZ VETOES.
In rendering his veto of the public
buildings demar.d for J11G6 65 the May
or says:
Said demand <2n«>g n«t comply with section
8. chapter 3 of article IV «>f the charter, as
•the same entirely faiu to nr>ecify the quan
tity of watei supplied or the rate or rate*
chRrred; that the only information appear
ing in said demand 55 a descriptive lift o f the
nBmfs of the place* supplied with water, with
out .statin* firures of any kind to serve as a.
basis of calculation.* '
:■ .-."'. demand is tendered further objectionable
us it doe* not refer by title, date and section
t'» Hi* law lir ordinance authorizing the same
as required »y the provisions of the charter
above mentioned.
The veto of the hydrant bill demand
■t\as made on the same grounds.
names Rage in University.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Feb. 19. — The
chemical laboratory of the Ohio State
University was totally destroyed by
fire to-night. Loss, $100,000.
EMTJLSrON. '
SEEM AND™"
Many people think of
Scott's Emulsion as merely
a flesh builder, but its flesh
building is only an outward
sign of the new life-building
process within the vital
parts of the body.
It builds up the blood
cells, the nerves and life
tissues before the added
flesh begins to appear.
Its unseen work is more
important than the seen.
FIND CLALLAM'S CAPTAIN
GUILTY OF MANSLAUGHTER
Coroner's Jury in Victoria, B. C, Returns Verdict on Loss of
Fifty-Four Lives— Chief Engineer Is Censured for Neg-
J 1'gence and Vessel Declared to HaveBeen Unseaworthy
VICTORIA, B. C. Feb. 19.— The Coro
ner's jury inquiring into the cause of
the loss of the steamer Clallam and
lifty-four lives on January 8 delivered
their verdict to-day, finding Captain
Roberts guilty of manslaughter and
Chief Engineer de Launey criminally
culpable. De Launey is severely cen
sured for negligence and Incompetency.
Captain Roberts is now in Southern
California,
The verdirt is as follows:
"Our verdict is that the victims did
come to their death at a point on the
coast of Vancouver Island about four
miles southeast of Trial Island by
drowning and exposure, and that
George Roberts, the master of the said
steamer Clallam," did feloniously and
unlawfully kill and slay the said per
sons against .the peace of our Lord the
King, his crown and dignity.
'The jurors also find that the chief
CHIEF OFFICER OF STEAM
ER CLALLAM, CHARGED
WITH MANSLAUGHTER.
engineer of the steamer Clallam is de
serving of censure for being negligent
in his duties in not keeping the pumps
in proper working order.
"The jurors also find that the steam
er Clallam left Port Townsend on Jan
uary 8, 1894, in an unseaworthy con
dition, having defective dead lights, a
defective rudder and improperly equip
ped lifeboats.
"And the Jurors do recommend:
"That a more thorough inspection be
made of all vessels by competent and
fully qualified inspectors than is at
present the custom, and that the carry
ing of rockets and other distress signals
should be made compulsory.
"That the Dominion Government be
asked to keep a larger and more pow
erful boat for quarantine service in
place of the tug Earle, now in com
mission, which could be used in case
of impending disaster.
"Also to have a light placed on Trial
Island."
STKAMERS AUK FINED
FOR VIOLATING LAWS
Heavy Penalties Ini)X)scd for Breach
of the Regulations for Pre
venting Collisions.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 19. — The
Oregonian says Collector of Customs
Ide at Port Townsend has fined six
teen steamers plying on Puget Sound
for violations of the steamboat in
spection .Jaws and regulations and
rules to prevent collision between
steamers. The following steamers
were fined $500 each:
City of Everett, Seattle; Farallon,
Port Townsend: Robert Dollar, San
Francisco; City of Denver, Seattle;
Athlon. Seattle; Sarah M. Renton,
Port Blakeley; Advance. Paulsbo. i •
The following steamers were fined
$750 each:
Inland Flyer, Seattle; George E.
Starr, Seattle: Port Orchard. Seattle;
Blanche. Port Blakeley; Jeannie, Se
attle, Rosalie, Port Townsend; Al-Ki,
San Francisco; Cottage City, San
Francisco; Florence K, Seattle..
UMON JiKADKRS OX TRIAI;
■ OX A SERIOUS CHARGE
Sensational Kvidencc Is Given in '
Hearinj? of Conspiracy Case
in Colorado.
''CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Feb. 19.—
In the trial of the conspiracy case in
which Sherman Parker, Thomas Foster
and W. F. Davis, Miners' Union lead-,
ers, are accused of attempting to wreck
a Florence and Cripple Creek train,
the opening statements of the attorneys
were made and the taking of testimony
began to-day. .
The defense charges that the conspir
acy was one of the Mine Owners' As
sociation, who sought to discredit the
union.
Charles McKinney, the principal wit
ness, admitted making a confession im
plicating Foster and Parker, but said
he had afterward denied the truth of
his signed statement. He related the
incidents leading up to the alleged at
tempted train wrecking, and identified
tools which he said were used. He im
plicated Parker and Foster in his tes
timony.
McKinney denied that he was forced
to flee from Kansas and Utah to escape
prosecution for crime, but admitted
that he had used an assumed name on
several occasions. " ;
Bryan Docs Not Bother Cleveland.
PRINCETON, N. J., Feb. 19.— "I
don't care any more about what Bryan
says than the wind that blows. I'm
sure it does not bother me any. Let
him talk," said Grover Cleveland to
day, when asked what he thought of
Bryan's remarks in taking exception
to what Cleveland said recently in an
article In the Saturday Evening Post.
Delegates Not for Roosevelt.
DEFIANCE, Ohio. Feb. 19.— The Re
publican Congressional XTommittee of
the Fifth Ohio District nominated W.
W. Campbell of Napoleon for Repre
sentative, and by a vote of 32 to 26 de
cided not to Instruct its delegates to
vote for President Roosevelt at the na
tional convention.
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
SPRING TRADE
IS DEPRESSED
Midwinter Conditions Inter- j
fere With Commercial Activi- j
ties Generally in the East j
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— Brad- |
street's weekly review of trade to-mor
row will say:
Midwinter conditions are a bar to
growth in spring trade and interfere
greatly with transportation and out
door activities generally. Still a fair
Increase of business is noted in jobbing
circles at leading- Western and South
western centers and the best week's
Jobbing business so far this year is
reported'at leading Eastern markets.
The feeling is that while spring trade
will be later than .a year ago this
drawback can be largely offset if good
weather supervenes later. While fav
orable to some lines, notably coal and
heavy winter wearing apparel, the
general effect of the unbroken cold
weather upon industry is" hot favor
; able. Important failures are - more
numerous this week, some banks and
insurance companies, the latter at
Baltimore, contributing largely. Money
has tended to harden slightly.
' WAR HAVING EFFECT.
War .'nfluences cut a large figure in
the course of prices, which with few
exceptions has been upward. Flour,
wheat, corn, oats and pork all made
new hich records, those of wheat and
flour being the highest reached since
1898, and tea, butter, tin and copper
also advanced. Cotton and coffee were
conspicuous exceptions to the general
advance, but this was due to a contin
uance of the liquidation under way for
some time past, and pig iron weakened
as the result of backward demand, en
larging production and reported in
creasing stocks.
Trade is still rather quiet on the
Pacific Coast, though good rains in
California and expected large business
with Alaska help the outlook.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly Review of
Trade says.: • •
Inclement weather alone prevents a
revival of. business! Outside work is
retarded and traffic impeded to an ex
tent that cannot be accurately meas
ured, but is obviously sufficient to neu
tralize the favorable effect of many
encouraging factors, while winter
wheat is threatened, although not yet
definitely injured, and early farm
preparations must be postponed. Sev
eral leading branches of manufacture
are increased in active capacity and
thousands of interior buyers are plac
ing partial orders at the principal cit
ies. The temporary advantages of the
war are felt in the market for stapie
commodities, notably foodstuffs, but
while this helps the domestic producer
it harms a much larger number by
enhancing prices to home consumers.
. RAILAVAY. EARNINGS FAIK.
There is little friction between em
ployers and wage earners. Despite in
terruptions by storms railway earnings
thus far reported for February were
only 4 per cent smaller than a year
ago: when' there was 'so much severe
weather, j Foreign trade returns for'
the last week at this port show an In
crease of $1,152,012 in value of ex
ports as compared with' last year, but
imports were Blightly smaller. . Finan
cial conditions are satisfactory, money
remaining easy and foreign exchange
undisturbed by the complications
abroad. Foreign .trade started the
new year most satisfactorily, as shown
by official returns for the month of
January. Two' factors contributed to
swell the value of exports, prepara
tions for war in the Orient and high
prices for farm staples.
Liabilities of commercial failures
thus far reported for February aggre
gate $5,344,692, of which $2, 004, 911
were in manufacturing, $2,515,179 In
trading and $824,602 In other commer
cial lines. For the same period last
year liabilities were $6,364,285. Fail
ures this week .number 287 in the
United States, against 247 last year,
and 20 in Canada, compared with 26
a year ago. . . •■ V.
To- Day's S. P. News Letter.
A Rapid Advance in Popular Favor.
The New* Letter is gaining in popularity
with each issue. It Is the recognized foe of all
abuses. This week's issue Is a lively one.
The. stenographer who stells her employer out
comes in for a severe scoring. The milk com
bine, the gas trust, the Police Department, the
lack -ot elevator iuspection are made subjects of
comment; the society notes are brilliant, and
the commentary on world politics serves to keep
the News Letter readers- in touch with the
great war game. •
The theatrical criticism la handled In the
neual clever and truthful manner. "The Looker
On," the financial and insurance columns con
tain a vast amount of exclusive matter. .
The automobile column also contains much
interesting matter. •
ST. PAUL, Minn., " Feb.vl9. : — Fire in
St. Anthony Park to-night gutted the
three-story brick building of the Union
Manufacturing Company. Loss, $75,
000. .
FORSAKES HOME
FOR THE STAGE
Pretty Clio Allen of Seattle,
Whose Disappearance Started
a Scandal, Is at^ the Grand
HAS BEEN HERE A WEEK
Confesses Her Love for a Mar
ried Man, Who, She Says, Will
Aid Her in Her Only Ambition
Miss Cljo Allen, an attractive miss,
just entering on her eighteenth year
and a belle of the fashionable society
of Seattle, where she was reared in the
midst of all the luxury that a family
of means could \ afford her, is quietly
lodged at the Grand Hotel, in this -city,
awaiting the subsidence of a storm of
scandal that recently broke around her,
as a result of her sudden disappearance
from that city.
, She forsook the sheltering roof of her
mother's home in Seattle on Friday
last, went to the leading hotel of the
town, where she remained for a night,
and then hastened to this city. The
day after her disappearance the re
markable story of her youthful and
probably - foolish ambitions and love
for a married man, who has since
openly confessed that this love Is
mutual, and that he purposes to finan
cially aid her, set Seattle society agog
and has since been the main topic of
discussion there.
Miss Clio Allen is a pretty type of
woman, shapely and fair and strongly
imbued with the thought of future
histrionic success. It was her ambition
to shine before the mello.w footlights
that Incurred for her the displeasure of
her mother, and It was the sympathy
extended to her by Frank H. Kilbourne,
a prominent business man of Seattle,
in the midst of her trouble at home,
that were, according to her own "admis
sions made last evening, responsible
for her sudden flight from the north
to this city. '
Her name has been associated In a
disagreeable way with that of Kil
bourne, who has a wife and several
children, and is Miss Allen's senior by
nearly forty years. Kilbourne's daugh
ter and Miss Allen were chums and this
girlish association led to acquaintance
with the father. Just how long ago
Kilbourne became deeply Interested in
Miss Allen's -welfare is not known, but
it developed that when the girl left
her home, last Friday evening, she was
assisted in getting apartments for the
night at the Northern. Hotel by Kil
bourne, and he aided her in getting out
of town on the following day. He has
since admitted that he not only loves
Miss Allen, but is contemplating the
future when he will secure a divorce
from his present wife and marry the
girl, who is now in this city. Miss
Allen Coolly discussed her case last
evening.
"My father has been dead for some
years," said she, in a rather indifferent
way. "He left a good fortune, a share
of which is now due me. I have always
been anxious to make my own way in
the world, and I first conceived the
idea of becoming a professional nurse.
Later, when I realized that I had a
fairly good face, an attractive form
and a voice that would improve with
culture, 1 determined to go on the
stage. " I have intelligence, courage and
patier.re and have long been' confident
that If I could' receive the necessary
instruction -I would -achieve success as
an actress If not as a' songstress.. My
ambitions have not met with the favor
of my mother, and finally I decided to
leave home. I went to Mr. Kilbourne
and asked him Jo assist me and he
agreed to. Friday afternoon I quietly
departed from our home and over night
was secreted in the Northern Hotel.
Kilbourne only acted as any man would
toward a girl with whom he is in love.
He has been separated from his family
for some time. We love each other,
and I do not fear to confess it. I have
always been a good girl and will strive
to be so in the future. Many of the
malicious lies that have been circu
lated about Kilbourne and myself ema
nated from a - young fellow in Seattle
who is also in love with me. I have
come to San Francisco to remain and
within a few days I hope to enter a
dramatic school for my preparatory ed
ucation for the stage. To-day, when I
learned of the anxiety in Seattle over
my whereabouts, I promptly tele
graphed to my sister and I have re
ceived a reply from her this evening."
For. several days the detectives of
this city have been on the lookout for
Miss Allen, but they seemingly did not
suspect that she was at the Grand Ho
tel, where her signature was boldly in
scribed on the register and where she
has remained the greater part of the
time she has been in the city. ;
WasHngton's Birthday at Del Monte.
A aped"! rate of $10 to Del Monte and
return Including ■ boaxd at the hotel, leaving
city Saturday and returning Monday; to those
wishing to go earlier a special rate of if I 50
for round trip, not Including hotel charges.
Pony and' polo racing. ■ cavalry rough riding.
A grand holiday. Inquire 613 Market st. or
Southern Pacific agents for details. •
COLLEGE^ PRESIDEXTS
DISCUSS EDUCATION
David Starr Jordan Reads a Paper on
Subject of Distinction in.
3Iethods.
I NEW HAVEN, Conn., Feb. 19.— The
university, presidents and professors
who are attending the annual conven
tion of the Association of American
Universities to-day discussed "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinction
Between College and University
Work." Papers by President Arthur
T. Had ley of Yale and President Jor
dan of Leland Stanford University
were read. . . ■
President Jordan said there were
reasons vvvhy there should be no ab
rupt change from the American-col
lege to the university, but on the other
hand many reasons why, the educa
tional system should be one of grad
ual'transition. The university should
radiate from the; college, extending In
every direction "work already begun.
It should not be a separate school with
different sympathies and methods su
perimposed upon the college.
WANTS EQUAL CHANCE
r WITH RIVAL SHIPPERS
Farmers' Co-operative Shipping Asso
ciation Files Suit Against
•. the Santa Fe.
TOPEKA. Kahs., Feb. 19.— The
Farmers' Co-operative Shipping Asso
ciation has filed in the Supreme Court
a motion for an alternative writ of
mandamus to compel the Santa Fe.to
give it the same privileges accorded
other shippers of grain. The petition
recites that the railroad company has
refused to allow the concern the privi
lege of leasing railroad \ property ] ad
joining 'the, tracks for the purpose of
constructing elevators and dumps for
the convenient handling, of grain.
NEW YORK. Feb. ' 19. — Fire to
night destroyed, the paints works of
F. W. Devoe and C. T. Reynolds Com
pany in Brooklyn. Loss $600,000. One
hundred ' families were driven " from
neighboring tenement houses. : .
RAISE THE TEMPERATURE
OF A HAMMAM SHEBANG
Presidio Saloon-Keeper and His Military Escort Have Hot
'Time in the Baths— Henry Miller Wrecks Saloon of Su
pervisor Alpers— Judge Cabaniss Dons Wings of Cupid
There was a hot time in the Post
street. Hamman Baths Thursday night
and the torrldity was not confined to
the hot room. Tony Phillips, a Pre
sidio saloon-keeper; Anthony Feamer,
a gallant . soldier, and another boy in
blue, who 'escaped the restraining, arm
of the law, taking his name along 'with
him, .started in to warm up all the
apartments of the establishment. The
timely arrival of Policemen George
Collins and. Bob; Connors prevented
the temperature from reaching the
danger mark. *~
Phillips and his military escort, all
strongly under the influence of liquor,
invaded the baths and went through
all the processes that are offered there
for the cleanliness of body and re
habilitation of nerves after a debauch.
Every time they tried something new
and found their jags depleted they re
plenished the deficiency from the side
board which is maintained for that
purpose. Caviar sandwiches, cold
chicken and beef broth were also
found to be on sale and of these they
partook unsparingly.
Along in. the morning hours, when
most of the wicked cease from
troubling and the weary are at rest in
a Hammam bath, Phillips and the two
soldiers, properly keyed up with their
libations, , began to sing "My Own
United States." Somebody from a cot
shouted, "Shut up, you' bums!" where
at the spirit of Phillips was troubled.
Clad only in a breech cloth and a grim
look he hunted up the manager and
demanded his • revolver so that he
could steam up the gentleman who
had asked for silence.
The manager refused to give .him
the weapon until . he was . ready to
leave. After an argument Phillips and
his companions dressed and their ef
fects were turned over to them. Phil
lips refused to pay the bill, because
he said he had been badly treated, and
the soldiers couldn't pay because they
were a few. white chips shy of having
any money at all. One of them sought
the cool night air, but the other stuck
by the saloon-keeper until the arrival
of the policemen. Both men were
taken Into custody and before Judge
Mogan yesterday were called upon to
answer* to charges of defrauding an
innkeeper. An additional charge of
carrying concealed weapons was
placed against Phillips.
F. E. Williams, manager of the
baths, told of the delightful time the
defendants had enjoyed at his expense
and the arresting officers related what
they knew of the matter. The de
fendants asked that they be given un
til February 24 to present their cases.
Henry Miller, a baker, played his
credit to the limit in the saloon of Su
pervisor George Alpers Thursday night
and when refused further accommoda
tions in the way of foaming schooners
of steam beer went outside and nearly
wrecked the place. -The bartender
climbed under the icechest until the
bombardment was over and then made
a survey of the damage. He found
that every window in the front of the
saloon had been reduced to fragments.
Miller was given six months in 'the
County Jail yesterday by Judge Con-
Ian.
Charles Stone Is a knowing English
man, who cares little for the restric
tions or laws of this country. Thurs
day night he visited Chinatown and
attempted to go Into the alley on the
Sullivan estate, where white men are
not allowed. George Downey, the
watchman, courteously informed him
that it was private property and not
open for inspection. Stone said he
wanted to go where other persons were
not allowed and he had to be escorted
out forcibly. Then he stood at the en
trance to the premises and abused the
watchman. *
A large crowd congregated to listen
to his diatribe and a member of the
Chinatown squad placed him under
arrest. He was found guilty of dis
turbing the peace yesterday by Judge
Fritz and fined $5 or twenty-four
hours in jail. He chose the jail sen
tence.
Judge Cabaniss is an effective, if
rather angular, Cupid. Yesterday he
joined in wedlock a youthful couple in
a peculiarly original way. The groom
was George W. Porch, who is only 19
years of age, and the bride was Clara
Partier, one year his junior.
The groom had great difficulty in se
curing a license. Both of his parents
are dead and he has no legal guardian.
The license clerk construed the law
liberally under the circumstances and
recognized the policeman who had the
lad in custody as "one having legal
charge of him." Some of the police fur
nished the money for the license fee.
The couple were married In Judge
Cabaniss' chambers. The eminent jur
ist sat on a table while the happy
pair occupied the only two chairs and
carefully avoided looking at one an
other. The customary questions were
put and answered and the pronounce
ment was made that they were hus
band and wife. "All marriages are not
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
[RHEUMATISM 1
i Tear an AHcock's Porous Plaster in two, lengthwise, |
f and appbr on soles of feet ; renew the plaster every tune the feet f
g are batned. You will be surprised how it will relieve rheumatism I
1 in the feet or ankles I
1 For tired or % lame feet relief is afforded at once. J
Jl Allcock's Plasters arc the original and genuine porous plasters and have never ■
|2 be«n equalled as a pain-cuter. We euaraniee them to contain no belladonna, opium or ■
M any poison whatever. Absolutely safe, wonderfully curative. a
I Never Accept a Substitute. I
nt jjn hi r -Hi i ii 'mi " if mm i ' ' • : \^WSr
made in heaven," said the Judge, as he
relighted his cigar.
The groom promised to support his
wife as soon as he is able. At present
he is having all he can do to support
himself.
Edward Mulrooney, past grand presi
dent of the Horseshoe Club, the com
modious quarters of which are located
on the Petaluma and Washington
street wharves, was given six months
in the County Jail by Judge Mogan
yesterday for vagrancy.
The badge of the Horseshoe Club 13
a tin can pendant to a string and the
motto is, "We don't need no foam on
ours." The club's quarters are on the
two wharves where empty beer barrels
are landed from interior points. All
beer that doesn't go through the spig
ot belongs to the Horseshoe Club by
right of sequestration. When Deputy
Sheriff Holland was a water front de
tectiVe he wore out a patrol, wagon
taking members of the club to the po
lice station.
T. J. Wilson, who was arrested Tues
day night while he was chasing pedes
trians along Mission street with a
knife, was before Judge Mogan yester
day and was convicted of disturbing
the peace.
"What did you mean," asked the
Judge, "by running after persons with
a knife?" ■'•>'-.
"I was looking for a man who hit
me, and if I had found him there
wouldn't have been' anything to it,"
answered the defendant.
"Have you ever been arrested be
fore?" asked the Judge.
"Yes," answered the defendant. "I
was arrested for throwing a .rock
through a window once. A fellow
wouldn't give me anything to eat, so
I took a smash at him through the
window."
The Judge ordered Wilson to be
taken out to the Insanity Commission
ers for examination, saying: "If they
don't confine him, I will. I think he
is a dangerous man to be at large."
John G. Patterson, an employe of
Nolan's livery stable, who washed a
colored boy's face with a sponge soaked
with a solution of - caustic soda with
the expressed intention of making him
white, was convicted yesterday In Judge
Conlan's court of cruelty to a minor
child and ordered to appear for sen
tence to-day. The incident occurred
Monday, but the marks of the burns
were still visible- on the boy's face
when he appeared • to testify against
his , cruel tormentor. , His . father and
two policemen told of the sufferings of
the little fellow at the time he received
the injuries.
John McKenney was convicted of bat
tery in Judge Fritz's court yesterday,
although he pleaded that the battered
man, a Mission street saloon-keeper
named Patrick McDonough. deserved
what was coming to him for having
failed to exercise the traditional tact
and delicacy that is the heritage of all
Irishmen. •
McKenney owed McDonough 50 cents,
and when McKenney went Into the lat
ter's saloon McDonough bowled him
out before a large gathering, instead of
taking him quietly into the burglar
proof vault and asking him for the
money. .. ■
"Na backlish," said McKenney.
"Draw me a sharp steam." While Mc-
Donough bent to the task with a
schooner in one hand and the spigot
In the other McKinney took a good,
long swing and landed on his creditor's
eye. It swelled so rapidly that only half
the usual crowd were able to get into
the saloon during the rest of the even
ing. McKenney will be sentenced to
day.
Frank Hamilton was before Judge
Fritz yesterday on "a charge of va
grancy and was given a three days'
liquor cure. If he appears sober in the
City Prison Monday morning when the
drunks are discharged then he will be
dismissed. His wife, who caused his
arrest, pleaded for him. She said he
was the best man in the world If he
would let drink alone.
Niccola Ivanovich, a 16-year-old boy,
was arrested yesterday morning for
stealing The Calls of a number of sub
scribers from their doorsteps on Green
street. This Is a form of theft pecu
liarly annoying to patrons and pub
lishers, and there is so much of it going
on that whenever one of the thieves is
apprehended an example should be
made of him. Detection is exceedingly,
difficult, because a paper Is easily con
cealed and the larceny can be accom
plished so rapidly that it is scarcely no
ticeable.
Ivanovich has been in the United
States only a few months and cannot
speak English, which is an additional
reason why he should be taught a
wholesome lesson }n regard to property
rights. His case was before Judge Mo
gan yesterday, but a continuance was
granted at the request of defendant's
counsel until next Wednesday.
V ; $ ADVERTISEMENTS.
NATURW PEPSIN
"rBADB XABX
Zt sharpens the appetite.
It promotes digestion.
It quickens the jraatric juice.
Zt tones every organ.
It soothes the nerve*.
• It makes rich, red blood.
Zt builds ths white corpuscles.
Zt bxinjrs the sleep of childhood.
Zt puts the invlfforatinff thrill of per*
feet health Into all parts of the body and
lifts man or woman to new heights of
mental or physical enjoyment; , '
Paw-Paw Pills, 25 cents per bottle.
All drusrqrists.- Z>arsre bottles $1.
Steamers leave San- Fraa-
/£v-^ £ -^Qa\ cfseo as follows:
AWl" Xi»V For Kftthikan. Wrangel,
WlV^^Sa vjft Jun.au. Halnes, Skaguay,
I VSSSjk J etc.. Alaska— 11 a. nr. Feb.
I \ VwJNCV' / -°- - 5 ' M ' ir - L Cnan K" la
y\ V v ~ ycfl company's steamers at Seat-
Kor Victoria. Vancouver,
— Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, "Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Feb. 20.
23. Mar. 1. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. R>\: at
Seattle cr Tacoma to N\ P. Rj'.; at Vancouver
For fiureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :."!<>
p. m. Feb. 22 UN. Mar. 5. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
Feb. 13; t». i5. Mar. 2.
- For Los Angelas (via Port Lo« Angeles and
Redondo), San Dlearo and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, .Sundays, 9. a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9a.ni.
For Los Angeles <vla San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Panta Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay 9 a. tn.. Feb, 21. 23 Mar. S.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Feb. 17. 23. Mar. 4.
For Ensenada Magdalcna Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rc-
salia. Guaymas <Mex.>. 10 a. m.. 7th each
Fcr further Information obtain foider.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
TICKET OPTZCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery at. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market at. and Broad-
wav ■wharves. Freight office. 1O Market st.
C. D. Dr.VAXX, Oeneral Passen«?er Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. :
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check bafrsage from hotels, and
residents. Telephone. Exchange 31--
O. ./?- & N. CO.
Oregon falls Feb. 17. 27. March 9. 19. 2S.
April 7. 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon ia temporarily
In service instead of the Columbia. George W.
Elder sails Feb. 22. Mar. r., 1.:. 2.:. Apr. 2. 13
and 22. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points Ea^t. Through tickets to alj points, all
rail or iteamsiiip and rail. at v LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets tncluda berth ari-i
meals. Steamer sxtlts foot of Spear st. at il a.
m. S. F. BOOTH. Gi«n: Art. - Pasa. Dept.. 1
Montgomery st. : C. - CUfFOFi©. Oen. Agrt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery.*?. 4
AITEUICAH XJZTE.
Plymouth—- Cherboarir— Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:.'!O a. m.
Philadelphia ...Feb. 27!New York. ... .Mar. 12
St. Louis Mar. 5i St. Paul Mar. 14
ATLANTIC TBASSPOST I.IHE.
New York — London Direct.
Mlnnetonka Feb. 27. 2 p. m.
Marquette Mar. 5. 9 a. m.
Minnehaha Mar. 12. l:3i> p. m.
Minneapolis Mar. 1!>, 7 a. m.
Onljr first-class passengers carried.
DOMIITION LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Feb. 271 Vancouver ....Mar. 29
Canada Mar. 12; Dominion Apr. 2
HOLLAND-AMERICA LISI.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New York— Rotterdam. Via Booloane.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
Statendam Feb. Zlj Rotterdam Mar. *
tAmsterdam ...Mar. lJNoordam Mar. 23
tSteerage only.
BED STAB XaJTC.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Zeeland Fr>b. 271 Vaderland Mar. 13
Finland Mar. 5lKroor.!and Mar. It
WHITE STAB ZjXSrE.
Hew York — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedrlc. .Feb. 2*. 11 am ; Teutonic. Mar. lfl. 10 ant
Majestic. Mar. 2. 10 am Celtic. . .Mar. is, « am
Oceanic. .Mar. 9, nooniCedric. .Mar. 23. 9 am,
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cretlc Mar. 3. Mar. 31. April 29
Cymric Mar. 17. April 14, May 13
BOSTON UEDZTEBXtANEAN SEXVXC2.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naoles. Genoa.
ROMANIC Feb. 27. April 9. May 14
CANOPIC Mar. 13
REPUBLIC (new) Mar. 2«
C. t>. TAYLOR. Passenirer Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
W/^nAEXS. MARSEILLES* GE.VQA?^ I
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl. 0. May 14
CANOPIC Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Mar. 2tt
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest tn the
Mediterranean service.
First class, $G3 upward.
Boston to Liverpool Qn .eSrtown
CYMRIC.Feb. IS, Mar. 17. Apl. 1*. May 12
CRETIC Mar. 3. Mar. 31. A?l- 2S
First-class, .$60 and <H5 upward. accord-
Ins to steamer. For plans, etc., address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-31 State St..
. Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
j$amburg~/tmericcm.
Bl-weekly Twin-Screw Service.
Tor Plymouth, Cherbourg;. Hamburg;.
Patricia Feb. 27,'Bluecher Mar. 2i
•Moltke ......Mar. a »Moltke Mar. St
Pretoria Mar ia)Pennyslvanla ..Apl. i
Wa!derse« Mar. 13 'Deutschland ..Apt. 1
•Grillroom and gymnasium on board.
HAMBTTRG- AMERICAN UlTB.
Offices. 33 and 37 Broadway. N>w York
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
Occonicbed«co* «»"iVb
- oircci u«i ■» f AMtr.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Feb. 20. 11 a.m.
8. 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. March 3. 2*p- m.
B. S. MARIPOSA, for Tmhltl.iMar. 18, 11 a. m.
4l.imttRJ4 BM3.HL,l8ti..!tt«S3JB,B43 Irwa
lnifititar£c«.323 fa-'islSL.Phrlj. 7.Paci&SL
COKPAGim: 6SHEKAL-J TKAM31Til5r;j3i.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .*»,
Sailing every Thursday Instead of -rfSiljQl**
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42.
North River, foct of Morton »t.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building*.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
TJcjte^s^ojd^byallRallroadTlcketAsents^^
Mare I«Und _^^3ggjg_gg«>?g*g*»^_
Steamer GEN. FRI3B1E or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:.TO p. m.. except Sunday.'
Sunday. 9:45 a. nv, 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. ' Tel.
Main loOS. Pier 2, Missicn-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.COMMITS SUICIDE THROUGH
GRIEF OVER LOVER'S DEATH
Miss Nellie Murnane, Clerk in a Local Department Store, Grieves
Over the Loss of Her Intended Husband and Ends Her Life
With Deadly Gas— Annie Rohde Dies Mysteriously at, Hotel
TWO VICTIMS OF GAS AND
THE MAN WHOSE DEATH
CAUSED A SUICIDE.
ALASKAN LAWS
TO BE MODIFIED
Secretary of Agriculture to
Extend Belief to Owners of
the Sheep on Kodiac Island
Sz>ecls.l Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— The Presi
dent has commissioned George F.
Beales as Postmaster at Visalia, ,
Charles E. Cosgrave at Challenge and
William F. Holmes at Kellogg, Cal.
The House passed a bill to-day grant
ing to Port Angeles, Wash., for
park purposes certain portions of the
Government reserve near the city.
Senator Foster has been assured by
the Secretary of Agriculture that a
modification of the game regulation of
Alaska will ' be made to protect the
sheep on Kodiac Island. The Frye
23ruehn Packing Company of Seattle
recently complained that big bears on
the island were killing off large num
bers of their sheep and that as a re
sult a dozen or more bears also had
been killed. The employes of the com
pany were arrested for a violation of
the Alaska game lawp, and the matter
was placed tx-fore the Secretary of Ag
riculture, who has jurisdiction in the
premises in so far as the regulations
are concerned.
Secretary Wilson says: "The depart
ment has no desire' to have the bears
protected at the expense of the sheep
owners, but believes that under tha
existing laws regulations may be made,
by extending the open season, which
.will relieve the present difficulty. The
department is now preparing a modi
fication of the regulations covering this
poinr to take effect at an early date,
and hopes at the same time to meet
the other objections which have been
raised against the law. The act of
June 1, 1902. wns purposely made elas
tic to meet conditions as they might
arise and a change in the regulations
affords a more expeditious method of
relieving the situations described vban
an amendment of the law itself."
Voscmite Park Survey Finished.
SOXORA. Feb. 19. — County Sur
veyor Drenzy A. Jones and Deputy
Mineral Surveyor John G. Hopper
have completed the sur\ r ey of the Yo
semite National Park. They report
that the country abounds in wild and
magnificent scenery, its mountains be
ing more rugged than the Yellowstone
Park. The area is 1514 square miles.
Their field notes will be forwarded to
the Surveyor General the 26th lnst.
Lots of People and Lots Going:.
A cpecial excursion to Chlco will leave
Markrt-strcrt ferry at 8 p. m. Sunday, Febru
ary SI, arrivlnsr at Chlco on Washington's
birthday, netumlns. leave* Chlco at 10 p. m.
IVbruary 12- ltound trip. JO 40. Ordinary
rler-per accommodation*, fl each way. Fes
tivities all <Jay Monday, with Ea*ton, Eldrldge
Sl Co.'s treat sale of lot* in the afternoon.
liPiails nt- Infoimation Bureau, CIS Market
gtrect: Southern Pacific. *
Miss Nellie Murnane, a young woman
employed in the •tarpet department at
the Emporium, committed suicide
Thursday night through grief over the
less of her intended husband, who died
of consumption on Thursday afternoon.
Connected with the tragedy is the
story of a woman's uhtiring devotion
to a man In the clutches of an incur
able disease. "When her lover passed
away the woman thought life not worth
living and scarcely half a day after
his death 6he retired to her room,
turned on the gas and died.
The man to whom Miss Murnane was
to have been married was Clinton War
ren, an engineer, residing at 205 Hyde
street. Warren. had been sick for some
time, and during the laBt three months
had been confined to his bed. Miss
Murnane formerly resided with her sis
ter. Miss May Murnane, who conducts
a rooming-house at S27 Eddy street.
About six weeks ago, when Warren be
gan to waste away, she mdved to th»
Maryland; an apartment-house at 299
Hyde street, that she might be near to
her fiance.
When she had finished her work Miss
Murnane was wont to visit Warren and
nurse him. Her devotion was untiring
and she did not seem to realize that
the man she was to wed was doomed.
Just before his death the young woman
wanted to have the ceremony per
formed, but was deterred by her sister,
who realized that Warren could not
live.
HER GRIEF WAS PITIFUL.
Thursday afternoon Warren died. Miss
Murnane was summoned from her work
and her grief was pitiful. She was not
allowed to see the body at the house
and later in the evening went with her
sister to the undertaking parlors where
it lay. The undertakers asked her to
wait until the morning to see the
corpse, as the body was too wasted to
gaze upon. Miss Murnane insisted, but
was finally persuaded by her sister to
wait. The two went to a restaurant
and procured something to eat. At the
table Nellie Murnane told her sister
that she was despondent and was go
ing to take her own life. After con
siderable persuasion she promised not
to take any such course, and when she
left her sister at 9:30 o'clock to go to
her room in the Maryland she seemed
to have abandoned all desire to end
her life and her sister left feeling that
she would not carry out her threat.
Yesterday morning landlord Fulmar
Carlton and his wife smelled gas and
on opening the door of Miss Murnane's
room discovered the j'oung woman lying
in bed with a rubber tube leading from
the gas jet into her mouth. The win
dows were wide open, but the gas re
mained in the room. The suicide was
deliberately planned, and when Dr.
Pcole was summoned by the landlord
life was extinct. The Coroner was no
tified, but by the request of friends of
the dead girl the corpse was not taken
to the Morgue, But was removed to a
local undertaking establishment.
May V. Murnane. the sister of the
dead girl, stated- that her sister was of
an exceedingly morose and melancholy
disposition and on several other oc
casions had threatened to take her life.
She was of such a disposition that any
little trouble affected her deeply, caus
ing her to talk of committing suicide.
Nellie Murnane was 33 years of age
and a native of Virginia City, Nev.,
where her mother and father reside.
They have been sent for and will ar
rive In time for the funeral.
Warren, the dead woman's Intended
husband, was about 40 years of age
and was formerly employed as an en
gineer at the Pacific Planing Mill, on
Berry street, near . Fifth. He was a
member of the Stationary Engineers'
Union and will be buried under the
auspices of that organization.
GIHI/S MYSTERIOUS DEATH.
Miss Annie Rohde, a Danish girl,
aged 25 years, was found dead from
gas asphyxiation in her room at tho
Grand Southern Hotel, Seventh and
Mission streets, yesterday morning.
Whether her death was due to accident
or suicide has not been determined.
The stopcock on one of the gas Jets
vas found turned partly on and the
room was filled with the deadly fumes"
of gas.
Miss Rohde, who had lived in the
house fx>r some time, entered her room
last niyHit in company with a young
man. This was about 9 o'clock. No one
saw the man Jeave her room, but the
landlady, Mrs. Anvassie, thinks that It
was late.
Yesterday morning at 8 d'clock the
employer of Miss Rohde, E. Weinberg,
a tailor of 49 McAllister street, sent
Fred Cousins, his office boy, to the
Grand Southern to ascertain why Miss
Rohde did not show up for work.
Cousins met the bedmaker, Mrs. J. W.
Butcher, and the two went to the young 1
woman's room. Miss Rohde was found
lying on the floor partly dressed, not
yet dead. The ambulance was sum
moned, but before it reached the place
the girl's life was gone.
E. Weinbere, . the employer of the
young woman, says that but for one
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 20, 1904.
LIQUOR FINDS
NEW DEFENDER
Oregon Physician Champions
; Alcohol as Stimulant to the
Progress of the Human Race
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 19.— A defense
of alcohol by Dr. Woods Hutchison,
secretary of the State Board of Health,
has created a sensation in temperance
and other reform circles in this city.
Addressing the State Conference of
Charities and Corrections Dr. Hutchi
son said:
Two elements are necessary in race progress,
one the survival of the • fittest, the other the
elimination of the unfit. Th* influence of
alcohol on the race Is both ancient and pro
found. Two thlncs stand out clearly about it,
one that It is absolutely universal in every
a«e of the world and in every stage of civiliza
tion. The other is that races pass through
certain definite stages of reaction to It. First,
one is of fres reaction and the prevalence of
drunkenness. After a time an equilibrium is
obtained and the race becomes relatively sober.
The nations of Southern Europe, the Greeks,
the Spaniards and the Italians, for example,
through continued consumption of alcohol,
have gradually attained a level of comparative
sobriety. To-day those races which are In
the van of progress and are the dominant
factors In the world's work — the . American,
the English, including the Irish and Scotch,
and the North German — are those In whom
drunkenness Is mest ramtiant. •
Those races which are contributing little to
the advance, the modern Greeks, the South
Italians and the Spaniards, are practically
sober, while those which are absolutely stag
nant — the Arabs, the Hindoos and the Chinese
— are entirely so. Alcoholism Is an index of
racial Instability and its chief action is that
of eliminator of the unfit.
Most of the theories advanced by Dr.
Hutchison met with emphatic disap
proval of his hearers.
SMOKE FROM SMELTER -.; y;
IS' INJURING VEGETATION
Ranchers in Ilappy Valley Make Affi
davits for Use In a Suit Against
Mountain Copper Company.
KESWICK. Feb. 19. — The affidavits
of Happy Valley ranchers are being
taken in Redding for use in the United
States Circuit Court in San Francisco
in the case of the United States against
the Mountain Copper Company of
Keswick.
Suit was brought by the Govern
ment several years ago to abate the
nuisance created by the smoke from
the smelter. The company's stand
.has been that all the damage that
could be done to trees and vegetation
has been done long ago. It is and has
been ready to pay the Government for
all timber destroyed within a pre
scribed area.
Th# intent of the affidavits now be
ing taken is to show that the area of
damaged timber and vegetation is be
ing extended. The Happy Valley
ranchers are making affidavits that
crops and orchards are now being
damaged by smoke that were never
affected before. The valley is .ten
miles or more distant from the smel
ter. /■■'<. '•:-
Washington's Birthday at Del Monte.
A special" rate of $10 to Del Monte and
return. Including board at the hotel, leaving
city Saturday and returning Monday; to those
wishing to go earlier a special rate of |4 Ou
for round trip, not. Including hotel charges.
Pony and polo racing, cavalry rough riding.
A grand holiday. Inquire 613 Market at. or
Southern Pacific agents for details. •
thing he would think that death had
been accidental. "Annie Rohde," he
said, "had been keeping^ company with
two young men for some time and com
plications or quarrels may have been
the cause of suicide, if it -was a sui
cide."
Miss Rohde was a native of Denmark
and had relatives in Salinas.
EULOGIZES
LIFE WORK
OF HANNA
Bishop Leonard Pays Eloquent
Tribute to Dead Statesman
Before Body Is Committed to
Earth With Rites of Church
DISTINGUISHED MEN
GATHEE AT THE BIER
Citizens of Cleveland Stand
With Bared Heads as Funeral
Cortege Passes Through the
Streets to Lakeview Cemetery
CLEVELAND, O., Feb. 19.— The last
rites over the body of Senator Marcus
A. Hanna were r held this afternoon at
St. Paul's Episcopal Church. During
this solemn occasion Cleveland was si
lent. Nearly all business was suspend
ed. Street railways and steam road
traffic on every line in the city was
stopped for .five minutes, from 1 to 1:05
o'clock. People generally in all parts
of the city bowed their heads in rever
ence for a brief space of time* at that
hour.
Thousands who were unable to view
the remains of the dead Senator as
they lay in state in the Chamber of
Commerce auditorium yesterday and
flocked to the church doors to
witness the conveying of the black cas
ket, bearing the remains of. the Sena
tor, Into the church. They stood there
with bared heads and moistened eyes
as the cortege moved into the edifice,
where the last earthly tribute was paid
the. dead.
Promptly at. noon the funeral cortege i
left the Chamber of Commerce build- j
ing, preceded by a platoon of police, for J
the church. • '
Following the police came Troop A >
as gukrd of honor. Then came car- j
rlages'containing the pall-bearers, the
Washington delegation, the. Governor's |
staff. Chamber of Commerce commit- j
tee, Loyal Legion committee and dele- I
gations representing various civic soci- .
eties. ;
Prior to the removal of the body j
from the Chamber of Commerce to the
church the wealth of floral offerings
which were banked about the audito
rium were removed to- the church.
There they were placed near the ch:.n
cel. !
Admittance to the services at .the i
church was by card and limited to S00, j
the seating capacity of the auditorium. I
Reservations on the center aisles were j
made for the family, the Governor's j
staff, the Washington delegation and !
other distinguished guests. The church j
was filled long before the hour for the J
services to commence and thousands t
lined the streets about the edifice.
MEET BODY AT CHr^CH DOOR.
A few moments before 1 o'clock Mrs.
Hanna, accompanied by her son Daniel,
entered the church. She was dressed in i
deep black and was heavily veiled. Oth- j
er members^. of- the- family followed.
After a moment's . waiting the light j
tramp of feet and voices of clergy an- j
nounced the presence in the building of r
the body of the dead. The clergy met [
the body at the entrance, and as they !
preceded it up the aisle recited the \
usual sentences. The pallbearers who :
carried the remains were Governor j
Herrick, Judge W. B. Sanders, Andrew ,
Squier, J. B. Serbe, C. A. Grasselli, .A. j
B. Hough, W. J. McKinie arid Samuel i
Mather.
When the body had been placed oh
the bier and the pallbearers seated the I
choir chanted the thirteenth and nine- j
) teenth psalms. President Pierce of
Gambiep College, an institution of
which Mr. Hanna was a benefactor, J
read the lesson, which was First Corin
thians, fifteenth chapter, from the
twentieth verse to the end of the chap
ter. The choir, under the direction of
Professor C. E. Clemens, then sang the
hymn "Lead, Kindly Light."
TRIBUTE TO THE DEAD.
Bishop Leonard then delivered the
eulogy, speaking as follows:
We are gathered together here to-day In this
house of God for the last service of benedic
tion over the body of our distinguished citizen,
our kindly neighbor and our beloved friend.
The nation has honored him with Its clvlo
function at the capital of the United States:
the Commonwealth of Ohio, by the hands of
her Governor, has received him back into her
care and keeping, and the city has stood si
lently about his bier, reverencing his memory
and sorrowing at his departure. And now the
holy church would commit his body to tho
earth whence It came and his soul unto th«
righteous Savior who redeemed It and who
loved it with an infinite affection.
It Is not the time or plnce for extended eu
logy and praise; such words will be. fitly
spoken by those well equipped for such a privi
lege. But there are certain qualities and char
acteristics of this man highly regarded by
all classes of people that ought assuredly to
receive recognition in the midst of his friends
and associates, and at this solemn hour the
testimonies that have been given from many
and varied, sources blend together In a common
strain and harmony as they speak of his high
integrity, of his Inflexible and dauntless pur
pose, and his tender, truo heart. .
Those who are assembled here need no In
spiration for their love for this earnest, helpful
life. ,We knew him well, we loved him wd!l,
we mourn for him with undlmlnlshed sorrow,
but we shall , see his face no more. But we
may each of us go forth Into the life God
hath granted us with added enthusiasm for our
tasks since we have noted how earnestly he
did his duty for others; and we realize that
the world Jjjs served is not unmindful of his
greatness and goodness, nor ungrateful for
what h« strove after and for what he accom
plished.
FAIR IX ALL HIS DEALINGS.
And first, the universal comment Is upon his
integrity. This was a keynote in his life-
I recall a fine, ringing address he made nt
Kenyon College last year when the degrees
were beinc conferred upon its graduating
class. And t>>e thought of .his heart found
expression in his eloquent words as Ke urged
upon these men the .essential Importance of
high and pure integrity. It is this word that
Is carved deen ut>on the stone that marks his
long and uR.-ful business career. He was not
only honfst. but he was fair and Just In all
his dealings. • He was respected by every one
In hln emnloy. tCach man of the hundreds
that looked up to him felt that In the master
mind there was always the clear, unshak
able light of integrity. His field was an q\»:n
one and his methods were never belittling or
degrading. Though the arrows fly swiftly,
yet do they fall . from such a shield harm
lessly, and the champion sustained by his in
tegrity stands forth unscathed and triumphant
at last. He Is an examDle to the young men
of our conntrv who would achieve success In
any department of endeavor. And his advice
is a legacy, to the ardent youth ot our great
republic. ■ • .
Then, too. he was a purposeful man. He
had definite objects In his life. He had alms
to achieve, goals to reach, standards to at
tain, la he -not conspicuous In this?
The choir sang the hymn "Forever
With the Lord, Amen, So Let It Be."
Dr. G. H, McGrew, rector of St
Paul's Church, followed with the creed
and prayer. The anthem, "I Heard a
Voice From Heaven," was sung by the
choir. ■
BODY PLACED IX A CRYPT.
Bishop Leonard then read the com
mittal service and pronounced the
benediction. ' The body, only accom
panied by the family and pallbearers
and Bishop Leonard, proceeded slowly
out Euclid avenue to Lakeview Ceme
tery, where a final farewell of the dead
was taken in Wade Memorial '„ Chapel.
The .services consisted "simply- -.of a'
prayer by the Bishop. :. The body '.was
•deposited in a crypt in the chapel to
PAXNE'S i-CEXiEBT COMPOTJNl). ~ *
"Accept This Letter From a Grateful Girl."
P A I N E ' S C EL ER Y COM PO UN D .
lifted Awful Pear of Sudden Death i> » » » « » -+*■'* * ' *.,*." *..*.." * * * '^gJ,,'/,.'.!','!* .*'.'* '''*.* 'V*1S * '
! or symptom. It is idle to txeat the pain , '"" . .*^-~.-~>«--a»-~
lt.etf. -ihi only true cure for .utT^* ;; ™^ ffi^S. SS ?h?r iSn^SSSJES W 5£% 'SZZ I
I is the cure that CUBES TEE TlaTjE . g^a Happy Confidence — Sf stored by Paine'a Celery Compound. 4
I CAUSE — -Weakness ot " the I1TOEK |,.. .»»»».. m •••••••••••• • ••*
I nerves." —Professor Edward E. Phelps, M. D., LL. D., of Dartmouth College, Famous Discoverer of Paine'a Celery Compound.
await burial at the pleasure of the
family.
On the way to the cemetery two
striking marks of respect were shown
the dead Senator. At Adelbert College
the students drew up in line in front of
Hatch Library and /Stood with un
covered heads as the cortege passed.
Again at the Euclid-avenue car. barns,
near the entrance of the cemetery,
several hundred employes were drawn
up in line and, with bared heads, paid
their last respects to the dead.
Just as dawn began to break over the
city to-day the doors of the Chamber
of Commerce auditorium, where the
bedy lav, were reopened to a vast throng
of people, who desired to view the face
of the dead Senator. The long lines of
people stretched away until they-ex
ceeded In length the five blocks reached
during yesterday afternoon.
At 10 o'clock the members of the State
Legislature, who recently chose. Mr.
Hanna to represent the commonwealth
of Ohio iiythe United States Senate to
succeed Himself, drove from their hotel
to the Chamber of Commerce in a body
and looked for a last time upon the
face of the dead statesman.
During the night many distinguished
men of the country arrived in Cleve
land to attend the funeral service, and
the early morning hours of to-day
greatly augmented that number. The
Washington delegation arrived at 10:30
o'clock. and was at once driven to the
Hollenden Hotel. The party comprised
Secretary Taft of the War Department,
Secretary Wilson of the Agricultural
Department, Secretary Cortelyou of the
Commerce and Labor Department,
Commissioner Garfleld, chief of the bu
reau of corporations in the Department
of Commerce and Labor: Senators For
aker, Perkins, Warren. Fairbanks,
Scott, Beveridge, Kittredge, Cockrell,
Martin and McEnery. They were ac
companied by the secretary of the Sen
ate, Charles C. Bennett; B. W. Lay ton.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRANCES MARIE KNOWLTON POSITIVE PROOF 'WM III IIP Sfl^^jSM
AGE 3 MONTHS rUwlllfk IllUUr 'wily III 'I I I l» f^W^"
that f ho growth of the hair can bo Influenced for the better. ; m/flnl f / / I -*\ |
Zr*n whan absolutely healthy to begin wlfb, it can be made to grow much faster iJUJIn III- I i $? \ vi\\l
and longer than It does normally. , I'Jf/f II IM : /I «J* r ijfl I u*\\
The above photographs of Miss Frances Mario Knowlton show what care, persist- M/liJi //I II m \h n \\\
enco and a good hair Invigorating tonic will do la tho way of producing hair. This llttlo /^frnLfli fin ff N inf W W
girl has had Danderino applied to her hair and rcalp regularly ever since shr> was three irf/yYftYi / // 'It II
months of ago, with tho result that she now has tho longest and most beautiful head of^22^. J f yjit>*]\ j U- III d -< 4 T\
hair over possessed by a child of lier ape. Frances Maria Is the daughter of Dr. E. W \!rw - ill' lKl^f' r Ji % \'J\'t\f \ LKt*
Knowlton, one of the proprietors of Danderlno. The doctor says that her hair Is growing ma "J J ' \
much faster than sho Is. and ho is sum It will be loug enough to touch tho floor when sho C I e- "* -m^y?
. IT ASTONISHES EVERYBODY. ~^=- u ■ •7j-fg > a%ojfci
Miss Ella C Schroder, ivho lias tho most aristocratic patronage of any
ena of her profession, briefly describes her wonderful success with this great matirre maois- v*ir\»«/i -nti*
Hair Tonic In th« following- letter: . rr»«NV#tO mAKlC. nNUWLlUrJ
THE KNOWLTON DANDERINE CO., 154 Lak» St. Chicago. 1901
Gentlemen:— 1 1 is with pleasure, that I give you testimonial as to the merits of DANDERINE which r am using every day in my prac-
tice. I have no: had a case where DANDERINE has failed to cure dandruff and fallin C hair and to start a luxurious growth, even under
the most trying conditions. In some cases of long stand.ng. results have been perfectly astonishing to both my patients and myself I
«V™m£ P o r u-° n * W o° m i !!" ir ?* tin * regularly, and there is not one but who is enthusiastic over tho wonderful lor'iJf
DANDERIN At tho Chicago Beach Hotel, where I spend a great deal of time I havealarge >>V "> • n eriulwori#T
number of client:, who aro using DANDERINE regularly, with tho most delightful results. ul /) / • //y I // • *• ■
.from my experience with DANDERINE, in several hundred cases, I feel that I cannot recom- iJ'///) //*S* ></>• /# / > * /j
,-nend it too highly With sincere wishes for your unbounded success, I remain, — C«i£*' C{/ (±^ *^\s CJU\sy"y£j£ l iyf* i
„ . . ' Yours respectfully. Hair Dresser and Specialist, 496 E. 47th St.. Chlcaro.
Oanderlne doo -titiv»ork, ihatie the reaaon why there is MORE OF IT USED THAN ALL OTHER HAIR TONICS COMGINED
jaado only by The Knowlton Danderino Co., Chicago, ill.. 25c.,COc. and $1.OO per bottle. AUdroretats keeDDaS/iJrhE T«J £«f en J ? ic^i
for you If you ask them. To show hew quickly Danderlne acts we will send a lante sample free by returS jmU fto Myc^wno «nd «Vh L wii!
Usement to the Knowlton Danderlne Co., Chicago, with their nam*-.id address and 10 cents to silrex^or Stamps to ?plr postac*?
FOR SALE AND GUARANTEED BY •
REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
FANATICS BOLO
PATROL GUARDS
Lieutenant and Six Privates
of Constabulary Are Killed
on the East Coast of Samar
MANILA, *Feb. 19. — Lieutenant
Macrae and six privates of the con
stabulary have been killed by a bolo
rush of 500 fanatics while patrolling
the east coast of the Island of Samar.
Private Saloman of the Fourteenth
Cavalry, stationed at Jolo, has also
been killed by bolomen.
doorkeeper; E. L. Cornelius, secretary
to the sergeant at arms, and several
Senate attendants.
The House .delegation consisted of
General Grosvenor (chairman), Van
Voorhies, Burton, Morgan, Bede,
Southard, Cassingham, Hildebrandt,
Kyle, Snook, Xevin, Warner, Garber,
Jackson, Kennedy, Longworth, Weems,
Bartlett, Lucking, Wiley. Dalzell. Wat
son, Burke. Currier, Sherman, Roden
berg, McCleary, Hemenway any Cal
dcrhead. .
Other distinguished personages were
Governor Durbin of Indiana and staff.
J. Pierpont Morgan and party of New
York, George B. Cox and party of Cin
cinnati, and a number of business and
social friends of the dead Senator from
Chicago, Detroit, Buffalo. Pittsburg
and New York.
BORN A NEGRO
IT THE STAKE
Citizens of a- Small Town in
Arkansas Mete Oat Death to
Murderer of a White Planter
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Feb. 19. —
Glen Cebays, a negro, was burned at
the stake to-day near Crossed on the
charge of murdering J. D. Stephens. .
Stephens, who was a wealthy plant
er, had a few words with Cebays yes
terday and the negro later securing a
shotgun killed Stephens at close
range. Cebays then made his escape.
Bloodhounds were secured to-day and
they traced the fugitive to his father's
house, where he was found hiding in
a well. He made a full confession.
With hands and feet tied, Cebays -was
Tbound to a stake in his father's yard
and brush was piled around him. The
torch was then applied and the mur
derer was slowly burned to death.
Says Golf is a Core for Disease.
CHICAGO. Feb. 19. — Golf is a sure
cure for Bright's disease, according to
Dr. E. N. Nash, who has made the
statement at a meeting of the Homeo
pathic Medical Society. Dr. Nash
supported his statement by citing cases
In which he had noted definite and im
mediate benefit resulting in the pa
tient's pursuit of the pastime In the
healthful open air on the links.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CLAIMS FIANCE
DEFRAUDED HER
Anna Welter Alleges That
George M. Varrelle Procured
All Her Money by Deception
SAYS HE TOOK HUNDREDS
Asserts That She Gave Him
Her Savings to Start in Busi
ness, but He Squandered It
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 19.
George M. Varrelle, formerly em
ployed as a coachman by Frank M.
Wilson of Berkeley, is charged with
having dissipated the savings of a
woman who loved him and whom he
had promised to marry, in entertaining
new acquaintances and making himself
a "good fellow" generally. When the
money was gone Varrelle, it is claimed,
attempted to borrow more, and this led
to an investigation, which proved that
the money he had been spending so
lavishly had been entrusted to him by
Miss Anna Welter, who it is alleged had
given Varrelle her savings of more than
two years, amounting to nearly $400. in
order that he might go into business
for himself, instead of which he spent
the money. He then left town, it is
said, but forgot to leave his address.
Miss Welter, who is now in the em
ploy of Mrs. H. E. Wise of 1350 Madison
street, says she first met Varelle when
the was employed by Frank M. Wilson
of Berkeley. When Varrelle first went
to work for Mr. Wilson he told Miss
Welter that he was an expert elec
trician, but had taken his present posi
tion because he could not get work at
his trade. Two weeks later, the girl
says, he asked her to become his wife
and she consented. It was only a few
days later, she says, that Varrelle told
her that he had a chance to take a
contract to wire a building in Fruit
vale, but did not have the necessary
money to supply a bond. He asked her
to advance him the funds, which she
says she did, but instead of taking any
contract he came to Oakland and en
gaged a room at the Hawthorne House,
at Thirteenth and Washington streets.
It is claimed that he told the landlady,
Mrs. M. Peacock, that he was a cattle
owner from Phoenix, Ariz., and that
he had recently sold a large shipment
of cattle to the Russian oGvernment.
As the money of which it is claimed
he defrauded Miss Welter began to
give out he tried to borrow small sums
from friends whose acquaintance he
had made while masquerading as a cat
tle owner. In one or two cases it is said
be was successful, one of his alleged
victims being Dr. Winning of the Bos
ton Dental Company, and another the
housekeeper employed at the Haw
thorne House.
As a last resort it is said that he tried
to obtain credit at the First National
Bank on the pretense that he had an
account at a bank in Berkeley. He
failed to get any money, however, and
he left the city. To some of his ac
quaintances he said that he had been a
member of Roosevelt's Rough Riders,
and he exhibited a Rough Rider medal.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Feb. 19. — Mif* Florence Hatch
•ntertaaned a few friends Informally this aft
ernoon and several hours were devoted very
pleasantly to whist. Miss Lottie Hopkins car
ried off the prize, the othey guests being Miss
Cornwall of Alameda. Miss Carrie Miller, Miss
Grace Longley, Mrs. Georg* W. Humphrey,
Mies Helen Crane. Miss Klva Shay, Miss
Madeline Kent. Miss Eatelle ICleeman, Mrs.
• "ornwell. Miss nda Curdts. Mrs. Faulkner and
Mrs. Win WertphaL
• • •
The luncheon and card party given by Mr*.
Carlton Crane yesterday was one of the pret
tiert affairs of the wwk. The table glowed
with yellow daffodils and the name card*
were dainty paint»*d affair? each cara Dearing
a fluster cf scarlet cherries.
Five hundred followed the luncheon, the
pretty prizes going to Mrs. J. P. Mwhan. Mrs.
Oliver Ellsworth and Mrs. K. H. Wade. Among
'hote who enjoyed the afternoon were Mn>.
Jesse P. Meehan. Mr*. F<>lt«n Taylor. Mrs. J.
W. Nelson. Mrs. <"harlei> I . Cotton. Mrs.
.Tames Harrold, Mrs. E. K. W*ade, Mrs. War
ren Swain. Mrs. Will Montgomery, Mrs. W. H.
Layscn, Mr*. Charles Kgb»rt, Mrs. Charle*
Allwardt. MIf* Elizabeth Mech&n and Mrs.
Oliver Ellsworth.
• * •
Mrs. E. C Timerman'* f-ard party to-mor
row ts being pleasantly'ant'f ipated by her in
vited cue?t*. who number cbcut forty. Tn<»
»fla.ir is complimentary to Mis? Geraldine
Scur>ham. Hits Edith Lark<>y and *M1?!> Wil
helmino Kocnic. thr^c ycun«t brldwt-to-be;
Miss Edith I>reen of »-- YorK. Miss Eva
I'owell. and thre<? young matrons who are stl!l
In their honeymoon days. Mrs. Dudley Kiruiell.
Mrs. David Brown and Mrs. Frank Parcel!?.
• • •
Mills Colloee will, aa usual, present a festive
appearance n^xt Monday In honor of Warhing
ton'* birthday. Mrs. Mills will give a dinner
to tf.e fchcol and a fevr invited (ruests, and in
the ev«-nlnF a colonial entertainment and
dunce will be given. The girls will be | n ap
propriate oos'.ume and some very elaborate
«1r»*s'-» have be«-n designed for the ncr-aeion.
A programme of musical numljera will b» given
by talented member* of the different classes,
*nd everybody concerned i £ anticipating a de-
Ichtlul tlrre.
• • •
The recently reported engagement of Dr
Oeorjt* KWrrsn and Miss Robinson of Ssn
Francisco !« tx-inir Ktrenuounly denl»d by both
families. The interacted parties attribute the
rumor to the inar.e attempt of t»ome would
be v.lt to pl»y a practical Joke. Dr. Kleemar.
was rrmduated from a medical college recently
end ha* Just begun his career as an M. D.
• • •
The ffrrt rerrnlion and danre of the Wa
«rem> riub Ian nipht wan a very pleasant af
fS'r V iT 1 "" 1 "', *""■ a * cod rrowd in attendance,
.r.e hall end clubrooms were \-rry attractively
4ert>rated and many of the young women n»
ent w*r- attired In "ft-iming" gewns made
e«p»cially for the occasion. The young men
or the club were most cttentive to the welfare
*rd pleasure of their guests. Clarence Kite'
floor manager. «nd I.yle Brown, hi* assistant*.
l»ing particularly realous In th«t rrspect The
Jirirht. nrettlJr adorned clubrocm* drew forth
many admiring omrrr.ents.
yi a rria 9 » I Jconscs.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19.— Th« follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
tho County Clerk to-day: John M
Heinimann. over 21, Fruitvale, and
Harriet A. Fry. over 18. Hot Springs
S. D.: Albert C. Honland, 35. Chicago
and Lillian B. Coyle, 40, Los Angeles.
ORDER F="OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
Mall This Order to The San Tranolico Call With 78a.
The San Francisco C»IL 7.
San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me ont
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate tc all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.) ' .;"
SIGNEF
STREET .......I
CITY
STATE ....I........
TOWNSMEN
SHOW FEELING
Friend 8 of Harbor Commis
sioner C. H. Spear Hold
Meeting" in His Behalf
DECLARE ATTACKS UNFAIR
Resolutions Are Adopted and
They Will Be Circulated in
the City for Signatures
BERKELEY, Feb. 19.— The friends
of Charles H. Spear, president of the
State Board of Harbor Commission
ers, had their inning last evening In
this city, when a number of them met
and passed a series of resolutions in
dorsing and expressing confidence in
him.
There has been a bitter fight on for
some weeks against Mr. Spear, which
apparently came from this city. It
took the form of a long address, widely
circulated, attacking the new Harbor
Commissioner, and later there was is
sued a small paper which gave pub
licity to the attacks.
Mr. Spear's friends got together last
night and adopted the following reso
lutions, and then decided to put them
In a petition and have them signed gen
erally by the citizens of Mr. Spear's
home town. Among those who attend
ed this meeting were Town Trustees
Christian Hoff and Thomas Dowd, C.
D. Maloney, former Superintendent of
Streets; Otto Niehaus' and many others.
The resolutions read:
Whereas, Charles H. Spear, our neighbor
and fellow-townsman, has resided among us
for the lart twenty years, and whereas during
all that time we have known him to be a trust
worthy, reliable and progressive citizen; and
whereas, by his natural fitness and worthiness
for positions of public trust, he had been elect
ed by his fellow-cltlaens to the office of town
clerk of our town and during his incumbency
of that office, covering a period of eight years,
had proved himself to be responsible and
true to his trust; and whereas, as a
recognition of his ability, he was appointed
by our worthy Governor to the respon-
Blble position of president of the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners; and whereas,
through the fearless discharge of his duties
as such officer he has incurred the enmity of
the fruit and produce combine, an organiza
tion banded together to cinch both the pro
ducer and consumer: and whereas, it has
come to light tnat through the agency of this
organization a band of irresponsible and no
torious characters, styling themselves the
•'Antl-5pear Club." has been organized and- is
being sustained and maintained for the sol«>
purpose of defaminy the character and good
name or our esteemed fellow-townsman, there
fore b* it
Rej-olred. That we condemn as vicious and
contemptible the vile and slanderous state
ments and publications that are being put
In circulation by this band 8f , hired emissaries
for the «ole purpose of Injuring, the charac
ter and standing of a public official who hai
the couragt and manhood to execute the law
and the duties of his office as he finds them.
WOMAN ESCAPES
FROM PROWLERS
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. Feb. 19.
Mrs. Mamie Murphy of Third and
Gtlman streets answered a knock at her
kitchen door at 8 o'clock last night, and
opened it upon two rough-looking
characters. They assumed a threaten
ing attitude and demanded something
of her, whether . money or bread she
was too frightened to% find out. She
retained enough of her self-possession,
however, to outwit the would-be rob
bers.
"My purse is In the next room," she
said, summoning all her courage; "wait
a minute and I'll get it for you."
' She got her purse, but she didn't go
back to hand it to the men. Instead
she ran out the front door and across
lot? to the California Ink Works, a
block away, to get her husband, James
J. Murphy, who is an engineer in the
manufactury.
Mr. Murphy heard the breathless
story and hurried to the house, in com
pany with his wife and Oliver Parquet,
a fellow workman. The men had pis
tols, and when they reached the back
door leveled them at the two men," who
were still standing there, waiting for
Mrs. Murphy to come out.
The men threw up their hands at the
command of the irate husband and
made no attempt to resist. They dis
claimed any Intention to rob Mrs. Mur
phy, saying that they had simply asked
her for something to eat. It Is sup
posed that the men are the same who
have been loitering in th. neighborhood
for several days.
RAILWAY MAY TAKE
POSSESSION OF LAND
OAKLAND, Feb. 19. — The Southern
Pacific was given the right by Judge
Ogden to-day to enter into posses
sion of a block of land bound
ed by Kirkham, Fifth and Cy
press streets. The land was award
ed to the company for $4000 by
n. jury in condemnation proceedings.
The decision was appealed from by
Gretchen Feldman and her children
and their attorney made an endeavor
to keep the railway out of possession
until the case had been decided by the
Supreme Court.
The railway needs the land for the
establishment of its. new freight yards
and secured all the property In the
vicinity of this particular piece of
land. The company was made to place
J1000 in the hands of the County Clerk
to indemnify the Feldmans in case of
a reversal and in the meantime it will
go right on with the improvement of
its property. ,
OAKLAND, Feb. 19. — Judga Ogden
to-day denied the petition of th»
Emeryville Savings Bank to change its
name to the Security Savings Bank of
Berkeley upon the showing of the Se
curity Savings Bank and Trust Com
pany of Oakland that the similarity of
names would cause confusion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY "20; 190*.
MAGNIFICENT WORKS OF ART
WILL HANG IN FOURTH SALON
Annual Exhibit of Starr King Fraternity Opens' Saturday Evening
at Wendte Hall, and Though Some Pictures Were Damaged
in Collision, Six Days' Display Promises to Be Brilliant
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— The fourth an
nual art exhibit of the Starr King
Fraternity will open next Saturday
evening with a blaze of glory,
notwithstanding the accident that came
so near being disastrous to the plans
of all concerned. Few know that when
the driver of one of Gump's wagons
was struck by a train last week he
was on his way to Wendte Hall with
some of the choicest pictures loaned
for the coming art exhibit. Some were
damaged irreparably, but a few were
rescued without a scar and will take
their places as planned in the salon.
The much-talked-of painting by Jo
seph Greenebaum, "La Priere," which
was hung in the Paris salon and which
the artist brought with him on his re
turn recently from Europe, was in the
wreck, but, barring a small scratch
in one corner, was not damaged.
WILL LAST SIX DAYS.
The art exhibit will, as usual, con
tinue for six days, beginning Satur
day evening, February 20, with a re
ception to the patrons and^ exhibiting
artists, and closing Friday evening,
February 26. Admission on the open
ing night will be by invitation only.
The exhibition will come up to its
usual high standard, as only the best
out of the hundreds of canvases sent
for approval have been selected and
such well-known artists as Keith,
Cadenasso, Yelland, Piazzoni, Martinez,
Judson, Yard, Gamble, Seawell, Dixon,
Rollins, Griffin and Nielson will be
represented in some of their happiest
work. Miss Margaret Herrick, who is
exhibiting for the first time, has sev
eral delightful pictures on display.
Aside from its intrinsic merit, Miss
Herrick's work will be viewed with
added interest from the fact that she
is an Oakland girl, being a sister of
Mrs. Mark Requa and also of that tal
ented artist, Mrs. Mary Herrick Ross.
Douglas Tllden, Putnam and Ger
trude Boyle will represent California
sculptors. Mis»s Boyle's life-size bust
of Dr. J. K. McLean of this city is one
of the best things that very clever
young woman has done. All the fine
characteristics of Dr. McLean's benev
olent countenance have been carefully
brought out and his numerous friends
will study with interest this latest suc
cess of the young sculptor. '
MIXIATUUE EXHIBITS.
Among the miniature artists who will
exhibit are Miss Laura Prather, Miss
O'Ryan of San Francisco, Oscar
Kunath and Madame Rosa Hooper
Plotner. Miss Prather's miniature of
her mother, Mrs. W. L. Prather, and
of Mrs. H. C. Taft are said to be very
fine.
Saturday evening there will be a
musical programme under the direction
of Miss Pauline Collins, including solos
by Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter and
Lowell Redfleld and selections by the
Orpheus Club Quartet. The reception
committee will include the art fund
trustees. Mr.; and Mrs. Arthur Brown,
Mr. and Mrs. W- .S. Noyes, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Claussen, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Mil wain, Miss Elizabeth Gray,
Miss Pauline Collins, Misses Gorrill,
Will Gorrill, Miss Imogene. Hawley,
Mrs. Charles Smith, Dr. and Mrs. E.
von Adelung, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Klue
gel and Mrs. W r . E. Sharon, assisted
by Mayor and Mrs. Olney. Mr. and Mrs.
Schlessinger, Mr. and Mrs. Archibald
Borland, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Creed,
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Percy, Mr. and
Mrs. John Yule, Mrs. Robert Duncan,
Miss Mary Barker, Dr. Pauline Nus
baumer, Mis3 Elizabeth Yard, Miss
Lydla Atterbury, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Dorney and Mr. and Mrs. George H.
Collins. Mrs. Sha,ron Is chairman of
the reception committee.
Do Xot Want Cnr Line.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— Former Cits-
Attorney James A. Johnson, School
Director Evans and others have pre
sented a protest to the City Council
against granting a franchise to the
Oakland Transit Consolidated to op
erate a street railway line on Four
teenth street, between Twelfth 'and
First avenues, In East Oakland. The
protestants assert that the proposed
line should be run down East Twelfth
street. > • '.'; "'.■:'" '
Captain Winslow Laid at Re6t.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19.— The ' fun/ral
of Captain Henry ' E. Winslow, who
died in the Philippines, was held this
afternoon from the home -of • his
mother, 876 Wood street, the services
being conducted by the Rev. Freder
ick L. Hosmer of the Berkeley Uni
tarian Church. - The pall bearers were
Mr. Phelps, Mr. Davis, Alen Walcot.
S. Culden, A. Sicotte an«i Charles
Wines.
Woman Rescues a Child.
BERKELEY, Feb. 19. — Kenneth
Scudder. son of the Rev. ■William
Scudder, fell into a pond at : Essex
street and Shattuck avenue yesterday
and was in imminent danger of going
to the bottom when Mrs.jW. E.iAdams
of 3104 Shattuck avenue happened
along and helped him to safety. Mrs.
Adams pushed a board out to the boy
so that he could grab it and then pull
ed him to safety.
TWO OF THE MOST NOTABLE EXHIBITS THAT WILL, BE SHOWN
AT THE OAKLAND ART SALON. WHICH OPENS THIS EVENING
UNDER THE AUSPICES OP THE STARR KING FRATERNITY.
IRISH LEADER'S
WIFE IS HERE
Mrs. Michael Davitt Comes
Home to Consult Relatives
liegardini>- a AVill Contest
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 19.
Mrs. Michael Davitt, wife of the
great Irish leader and niece of the late
Mrs. Mary Canning, over whose wealth
a contest is threatened, arrived from
Dublin last night. Her distinguished
husband does not accompany_her, but
her four children do. The purpose of
her visit is to hold a consultation with
her two brothers; William J. Yore and
John M. Yore, of this city relative to
the estate left by Mrs. Canning. The
two nephews were disinherited and
there have been rumors that they
would contest the will.
Mrs. Davitt arrived twenty-four
ahead of the time she was expected.
.She was met at the depot by Rev.
Father McSweeney, pastor of St.
Francis de Sales Church. Mrs. Davitt
refused to be interviewed at her apart
ments in thex Metropole Hotel this
evening, stating that she was too
busily engaged.
She was formerly ah Oakland girl.
BARTENDERS PREPARE
TO ENFORCE DEMANDS
Saloonmen Will Be Given Time to
Submit nnd Those That Refuse
Will Be Boycotted.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— The local
Bartenders' Union has presented an
ultimatum to the Retail Liquor Deal
ers' Association to the effect that its
members either sign the agreement
formulated by the union or have their
union cards taken away. Every sa
loonman will be given an opportunity
to sign the agreement and those that
decline to do so Will be declared un
fair and a boycott will be placed upon
them- bv the union.
The Liquor Dealers' Association has
decided to allow its members to act
as individuals in regard to the signing
of the agreement and It is expected
that a number will accede to the de
mands of the union. It is known,
however, that a number of the large
saloons' in the business district will
refuse to sign the agreement and the.
proprietors expect a fl{?ht.
T. W. Geary, the business agent of
the local Bartenders' Union, has re
signed the office and as yet no one, has
been elected in his place.
Lectures by Father Yorke.
♦OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— The Rev. P.
C. Yorke will give a series of Wednes
day and Sunday evening lectures at
Saint Anthony's Church on the subject
of "Man's Destiny and the Funda
mental Principles of Life." The lec
tures will continue through Lent.
RICH MEN PLAN
TO ADORN CITY
Will Take Up Matter of Im
proving Oakland's Most Fash
ionable Residence Section
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broad-way, Feb. 19.
In accordance with the plan suggest
ed by the City Council for beautifying
the various districts of the city sepa
rately, the citizens of Oakland's most
fashionable residence district have or
ganized the Vernon Heights and Lake
Shore Improvement Club. The officers
of the organization are: O. S. Orrick,
president; Charles G. Yale, vice presi
dent; F. W. Bllger, secretary; F. R.
Musser, treasurer.
It is the purpose of the Improvement
club to see that the Fifth Ward shall
be presentable from the standpoint of
scenic beauty and convenience. Per
manent improvements in the matter of
sidewalks, sewers and good streets are
now before the committee. Among the
residents in the district are. Senator
Perkins, Councilman Howard, Alex
ander Younfe, William Letts Oliver and
other prominent and wealthy persons.,
The membership is as follows:
A. H. Hisslns. Dr. E. Q. Dow, Claus
Kroner, F. P. Lee, R. M. Lyman, F. R.
Mustier, O. S. Orrlek, R. L. Stephenson, E. A
Cotton. F. A. Stolp. W. O. Badgley, A. L.
Swan, Charles G. Yale, William J. Cahlll. E.
P. Cook. John D. Eby and David Brown.
SUPERINTENDENT BOL.TON
•THREATENS TO RESIGN
Director of the University Grounds
Wants to Be the Sole Dictator
, of Their Appearance.
BERKELEY. Feb. 19.— A. E. Bolton,
superintendent of the grounds «t the
University of California, threatens to
resign his office If he cannot have his
own way In directing the conduet of
the campus. Bolton said to-day that
the architect's office of the university
had encroached upon his domain in
settling upon the work to be done on
student labor day and that he may re
sent it by handing In Tils resignation.
. Bolton denies the story that his resig
nation was asked for because he had
ordered, the shooting of any students
caught climbing into the windows of
the university buildings at night. He
says that university authorities have
upheld him in this matter.
Labor Union News.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19. — The local
union of carpenters and joiners has
levied an assessment of 10 cents a
■week." for "the 'benefit- of the striking
miners. of Colorado.
The Alameda Musicians'
Union has applied to the Mayor for
permission to hold. a. parade and.con
cert >■' on the evening • of February 22
to advertise . a ball for the benefit of
the: Western Federation of Musicians.
AWARDS CHICO
PLANT STATION
Bureau at Washington De
cides Upon .That Fertile
.Valley Region for Garden
SETTLES FATE OF OTHERS
Selects the Locality' Because
of Its Good Soil,. Abundant
Water and Equable Climate
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street. Feb. 19.
Word was received at the agricultural
college of the University of California
to-day that the bureau of plant intro
duction of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture had decided upon
Chlco as the place for locating the plant
introduction garden that has been so
long talked of. This will be something
of a boon to Chi«o and in fact the
whole northern portion of the State, for
the Government means to spend a large
amount of money on the tract of land
it will settle upon.
This award at last settles the fate of
the large number of agricultural dis
tricts of the State that had put forth
claims for consideration by the plant
introduction bureau. Boards of trader
and other commercial bodies all over
the State advertised their communities
before the bureau and various influ
ences were brought to bear in behalf of
them. Professor A. V. Stubenrauch and
J. H. Dorset, representing the bureau,
spent a good deal of time visiting the
places and then two weeks ago went to
Washington to confer with the heads
of the department, with the result that
Chlco is now announced to be the win
ner.
Chico was selected because of its uni
formly good soil surface, its abundance
of water and Its typically representa
tive California climate. It is at ths
northern end of a great valley and in
the center of one of the largest con
tinuous agricultural strips in the world.
Two tracts have been picked out in the
valley for the gardens and one of these
will be turned into the plant introduc
tion garden.
Santa Clara was next in the consid
eration of the committee of selection,
but its uncertain water supply and
variable climate on account of prox
imity to the coast counted against it.
In addition to the Chico garden there
will be a branch garden at Santa Ana,
which will be used for the semi-trop
ical cultures. The tract has not yet
been selected, as in the case of Chico.
This plant introduction garden will
be the only one of its kind in the United
States. It will be used to grow plants
of all kinds for distribution all over
the United States.
*_ *
STRAIGHTEN OUT
JUNIOR MIX-UP
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street. Feb. 19.
All the fuss that was stirred up over
an illegal vote at the election for presi
dent of the junior class at the Univer
sity of California was smoothed out to
day when the election committee de
cided that another election would be
called and Miss Flora Frickstad elect
ed to the office. That is considered
the easiest way out of the entangle
ment and everybody concerned is
satisfied with the arrangement.
According to the agreement the
committee will suggest at the junior
meeting next Wednesday that the of
fice of president be declared vacant.
Then Miss Frickstad will be nomi
nated to the office and unanimously
elected.
"Both Miss Frickstad and Miss Nel
lie McCarthy, the contestants for the
office, are agreeable to this arrange
ment," said W. C. Crittenden, the pres
ent class president, to-day. "Miss Mc-
Carthy does not want the office with a
cloud hanging over it and neither does
Miss Frickstad. As Miss Frickstad
got the highest vote at the election
and Miss McCarthy has declined to
run again it was decided to elect Miss
Frickstad to the office."
The junior class officers deprecate
vigorously the statements that fraud
was practiced intentionally. They say
that the mix-up was merely the result
of a student prank.
CHILDREN SAVE
PARENTS' LOVE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Brodway, Feb. 19.
The home of Albert and Bertha Hen
nig, which f was threatened with de
struction in the divorce courts, was
saved to-day by the two children of the
pair. The disposition of the children
brought the parents together this
morning, and the joy of their offspring
in seeing them once . more together
caused the estranged husband and wife
to forget their personal complaints, and
they concluded the session by appear
ing before Judge. Ogden and asking
that the action be dismissed.
.Hennig Is in the employ of the South
ern Pacific Company, and brought the
suit against his wife on account of tales
told him by his neighbors of his wife's
behavior with other men. These, she
proved, had no foundation, and upon
her part she was willing to acknowl
edge that her charges of cruelty
against him were not of such a serious
character that she could not forget and
for give them. The Judge made the or
der forthwith.
LABORER PARADA BLOWS V
HIS HEAD OFF WITH. GUN
Despondent Man Wanders to Lonely
Spot East of Sunol nnd Terribly
Mansles Himself.
OAKLAND, Feb. 19.— M. Parada, a
laborer, aged 27 years, blew his head
off with a shotgun yesterday afternoon
in a lonely spot four miles east of
Sunol on the Alameda Creek. The
dead man was unmarried.
According to the statement of Dep
uty Coroner Detjen of Pleasanton the
suicide left Sunol early in the morn
ing ostensibly on a hunting trip. That
is the last seen of him alive. His
friends say he was suffering for the
last few weeks from melancholia and
had threatened to do away with him
self.
There is no indication of foul play.
The inquest will be' held Monday at
Pleasanton.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTI
OAKIiANT*.
IliS Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn 1053.
BERKELEY.
21-18 Center Street.
Telephone North ??•
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle SOX
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 19-
Joseph or Henry Jo«eph Slmon« to Jamrt
Cortey lot on NE corner of San PalJlo »«nu«
a n<i Twenty-eighth .treet; E 116:6 N »W
H6 S 77:6, lots 1. 2. 3. 5 and 6. block 202tt.
map So. 2. Whitcher Tract. Oakland: J10. I
Ellen M. Balrd to Samuel U §alrd. lot on
E line of Eleventh avenue. 50 S of East Twen
ty-third .treet. E 120 by S 50. block 139. Clin
ton. East Oakland; $1. '
John J. and Sarah Shields (wife) to Hugh
W. Hammond, lot on S "ne of Artby * v «™*-
CO W of Deakln. W 50 by S 133^. lo : 4. b lock
B. map of part of Woolsey Tract. Berkeley.
?1 Louls H. and Eleanor G. Sharp to .F: X>.
Cha«e lot on E line of Sbattuck avenue <a»
.aneno* exists). 354:8 N of Vine street . E
90 by N 250 portion of lots 1 to ». block 4ji map
resubdlvlslcn blocks 3 and 4. Antlsell Tract,
Bateau (single) to V M. Cady. «fb
divisions ltt and 17. lot 6, block 24. Daly •
Scenic Park Tract, map subdivision Week 33.
etc. Berkeley: $10. . • »rrj
Frank A. and Harry D. Porter to Martha
Washington, lot on E line of Shattuck av«nu».
60:1% S of Blake street, E 124:3. S 100. W
1.11:14, N 100:3. lots 10 and 11. Steele Tract.
Berkeley: $10. '■*! ■■ I
Anna Maria Farman (widow) to C. E. Far
man, lot on N line of Auburn avenue. »2t>:J t.
of Ban Pablo E 50. N 192 to N line of put 38.
etc.. W along said line to point of intersection
of line drawn from b^rlnntngr at rtKht angles to
Auburn avenue. 3 193 to beginning, portion lot
6. map part Co«reshall Tract subdivided De
cember 8, 1S71. Emeryville. Oakland Township:
$10.
Frank G. and Mltfle R. Watson to Edwasd
R. Rowland, lot on N line of Delaware street.
50 E of McGee (Hamilton). E 40 by N 135:4>j.
portion of lot 6 block 3. map State University
Homestead Association No. 4. Berkeley: S423.
Blanche I. Ferry (single) to F. D. Connell
(single). lot beginning at Intersection of E
line of Oakland avenue as p«r ordinance 2223.
etc.. with S line of lot 4 A. block B. Oak'.anJ
View Homestead, etc., thence along said line,
of Oakland avenue. S 50. E 113, N 5O. W US
to beginning. Oakland; also 3 5O feet of lot
2U. block A. Oakland View Homestead Associa
tion, portion of Wadaworth 10O-acre Tract,
etc., excepting portion dedicated for public u«o
as a highway, etc.. Oakland; $10.
W. H. and Jennie Wellbye (wife) to Alex
ander Murdoch, lot on S line of Thirty-seventh
street, 1C5 E of Market. E 34 by S 109.19.
rortlcn of Plat 37. Kellersbenrer's' map.
Ranches V. and D. Peralta. Oakland: llff.
Charles O. Peckham (widower) to J. S. Wts
son, undivided one-third of lot on E line of
Hellen street. 100 N of li, S So by E 133. be
ing subdivisions A and B. In lot 2. block 730.
map No. 2, Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
Katie L. and George L.. Fltz (aa attorney)
to Carrie E. Bridge (wife of Henry S-). lot on
NE line of East Twenty-nrst street. 143 JTW of
Twenty-third avenue. NW 55. NE 129.75. SE
CO, SW 79.54. SE 5, SW 50.81 to beginning,
portion of lots 1 to 3. block E, map subdivision
C><>, Associates Tract, quitclaim deed, East
Oakland; ?10. • ,
Samuel and Lillian H. Livingston to Laura
B. Trenschel, lot on NW corner of Seventh and
Grove streets, W 75 by N 25. lot 22. block 72.
Kellersberrer's max>. quitclaim deed, Oakland;
?10.
Laura B. Trenschel (widow) to Mary A.
Speetzen. came. Oakland: $10.
Philepine Plepenburg (Widow) to Bridget Mc-
Walter (single), lot on W line of Magnolia
street. 151 N of Fifth. N 25 by W 133:3. lot
32. block 4S9, map No. -. Brlggs Tract, Oak
land; «0.
E. J. Shepardson to James J. Crawford, lot
on S corner of Laurel (Monta Vtsrta) and Pied
mont avenues. SE 100 by SW 29.12; lot* «4.
map Piedmont Villa Tract, etc.. Oakland: $10.
Mary Vr Swift (wife of Theodore) to Deborah
A. Swift (daughter), lot SE corner of A (or
Thirty-second) and Hannah streets. S 5O by
E 75. portion of lot 7, in block N. lands of
Peralta Homestead Association. Oakland; gift.
H. M. and AUie E. Orr (wife) to W. F. Wol
l'w, lot en S line of Thlrty-flfth street, 393.25
E of Market. S at right angles with Thirty
fifth >VJ. S 51. parallel with Itark-t. E 87. N
120, W Ul to beginnings block L, property <}f
Central Land Company, Oakland; $10.
John L. and Anna Bromley (wife) to C. $.
Weston (single), lot on E line of Webster
street. CCS N of Fourteenth. N 23 by E 150.
portion of lot 17. Landers & Casserly Tract.
Oakland; ?10.
Daniel D. Holland (single) to George Roetn.
undivided cne-flfth of lot on NW corner of
Market and W. First street. W 123 by N 0-K
block 440. Boardman's map, Oakland: $10.
Ambrose- Menltt to Walter P. Woolsey (sin
gle), lot 13. block 450. map of subdivision qf
block 430, game. Oakland; $10.
L. E. Bentley (<lng>) to H. R. Noack, lor
on SE ccrner of Edwards and Elm streets. TS
10 by E 123. lots 4G 1»nd 47. map or Pacific
Theological Seminary Tract, Oakland r $10.
George W. *nd Rhoda L. Frick I by Myron
T. Holcomb, trustee) to Frances A. Wlleox
(widow), assignee of Ernest- A. Herron. U1« £>.
287. lot 13. block J. map No. 2 of Linda VIM*
Terrace, trustees deed. Oakland; $3000. »
Francs A. Wlleox (widow) to the Hfron-
Holcomb Company (corporation), same.. OaK
land. ?10.
Citizens' Buildiner and Loan Association o!
San Francisco to Oscar Luning. lot on.S.lin*
of Geary (or Thirty-ninth) street. 233 W *i
Telegraph avenue, W *4:«, S 110.32. E 83.97.
X 114.82. lots 8 and », block 2071. map of es
tate of John Evoy tn plat 3rt. Oakland: S10.
• Luna P. and Hansford B. Griffith to Joseph
Coxen. lot on E line of Grove street. 3O S c'
Blake. S 40, E 13«.62. N ."K).9O, W 13M.&4 lot
11. block 1». map No. 4 of Shattuck TracJ.
Berkeley; $10
II. G. Rogers tr> Isabella A. Rogers, all In
terest In lot on SE corner of Fulton and Park
streets. 3 90. E 123. lots 14 a:.d 15. blook
1453, maj> of Blake Tract 1 and 2. and por
tion of plat tft>. etc.. and property out of coun
ty. Berkeley; $.1CO.
James B. Merrltt to Catharine E. Mcrritt.
lot on S line of Central avenue. ICO W of Wll
low, V7 13«> by S 140. lots 12 to 14. In B tf of
block A, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
$10. *
Catharine E. Merrltt (wife of Jtmn B.J to
Paul K. Buckley, same. Alamnia: $10. *-"»
VANCOUVER. B. C Feb. 19.— J. J. Xicker
non *• Co. of Vancouver have been awarded
a million dollar contrac.t for the construction
of an irrigation canal, twenty mll«» long, near
Calgary, for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
NEW ASVEBTISEMENTS.
N IS YOXnt COAT DtlSTYT .
Ton Probably Have tbe White Scab of
•* Dandruff on It. . ■'.'■]
If your coat or shoulders have & white
dust upon, it the chances, are- that It is
from dandruff. The only, way .to perma-
nently care dandruff Is to remove the
cause, which Is a germ/ Xewbro's Herpi-
<:lde kills tho germ.- Every toilet table
should have such a hair-dressing that
contains also the destroyer of the dan-
druff and hair falling germ. It stops all
irritation, keeps the scalp sw«et, - pure
and wholesome. Remember that .some-
thing claimed to be "just as good" will
not do the work of genuine Herplcide
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c la
stamps for sample to The HerDicida Co..
Detroit. Mich.
' ". • ■ : C-
BRIDfiEWORK AT COST.
Why wear a cumbersome blate that
covers the roof of the mouth when
you can have teeth without? Our pro-
fessor of bridgework personally su-
perintends this work and furnishes a
written guarantee for ten Years.
Painless Methods. Cleaning Free.
Graduates Only. Extracting Free.
Week Days, 9 to g; Sundays, o to 1.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street,
Oakland— 973 Washington street.
San Jose — 45 East. Santa Clara Strwft.
Sacramento— 407 J StxeeS.MANY OBSERVE
LENTEN SEASON
Catholic Churches Bear Testi
niony to Faithful Obedience
of Archbishop's Instructions
THOSE THAT AKE EXEMPT
Kestrictions Imposed Do Not
Visit Hardships in the Matter
of Abstinence From Food
Since the inauguration of Lent last
Wednesday there has been a marked
observance of the season by the Ro
man Catholics of San Francisco. Many
that are exempt from the fasting ob
ligation are voluntarily depriving
themselves of unnecessary gastronomi
c»l indulgence and the restriction of
frivolity is apparent in the decreased
attendance at all kinds «f public en
tertainments. The churches are daily
visited by large numbers of worship
ers.
Archbishop Riordan's instructions
to the faithful excurc from fasting
a!l persons under 21 years or ovor 60
years of age; those that are engaged in
hard labor, th* sick and convalescent
and those that cannot fast without in-
Jury to their health. Workingmen
and their families are allowed the use
of flesh meat once a day, except on Fri
days, Ash Wednesday and the Wednes
day and Saturday or Holy Week.
Those that are exempt from the ob
ligation of fasting are permitted to use
meat more than ome a day on all
days except those before mentioned;
but those that avail themselves of this
indulgence are not permitted to use
flesh meat and f\<\\ at the same meal
end are exhorted to perform some
other act <i* mortification, such as ab
stinence from intoxicating liquors.
In addition to the usual Sunday de
votions Lenten exercises are held on
two eveningrs of each nveek in all the
churches of the archdiocese to which
ere attached resident pastors. On one
of the evenings an instruction is given;
on the other the stations of the cross,
and permission is given for benedic
tion of the blessed sacrament on both
evenings. On Good Friday the de
votion of the way of the cross will
be given twice in all parish churches,
once during the afternoon nnd then
e£-n:r. in the evening. The afternoon
Rerviee is for the children, though
grown people, especially the old. and
those that cannot attend in the even
ings, are not excluded from it. The
Fervice in the afternoon will not begin
before 3:30 o'clock, thus giving chil
dren time to reach the church after
th*» closing of the schools.
. The Archbishop strongly recom
.mpnds that wherever it is possible the
children be brought to their respective
parish churches every Friday after
noon during the Lenten season for the
devotion of the way of the cross and
a short sermon relating to the passion
of Our Lord.
The exercises Good Friday (April
3 5) will consist of the stations of the
cross, with the singing in English' of
a ve.rse of the "Stabat Mater" between
gad) station: a short sermon on the
passion and death of Our Lord and the
reading of prayers. On Holy Thurs
day the services at the cathedra! will
begin at 10 a. m.
TOPEKA. Kar.s.. Feb. 19.— Xo decision h»p
y»t heeu reached at the conference between
t!i~ 5*nta Fe trsi.-xrn and officials of the
rr**J here. . Questions rf-parding the wage
ADVZETISEJIENTS. !
/fcA Dev€>lopir"|g
AT CUT PRICES.
There i« quality in my work. I'm proving I
It ever}" day. Order* com* from every part j
of the ■ co'untry. My Tiork is favorably '
known.' because I Klv* my customers the i
b»«t that ekill ran produce. And th»n my j
prices are the lowest of any one in the
butlnes*. Here are 8 few flgruret:
PRINTING. DEVTXOPXNO.
Holl of « K*Cj Solio finish.. 3e to Be j
Ro'.l of 12 16c i Velox nnlfh. .3e to 6c [
I carry *I1 ei«* of films »t low price*.
Ser.d in a trial order.
Out of town ord>rs promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS !
F. w. riTTF. the Stationer.
10C8 MAEKET ST, Above Powell.
San Francisco.
-'I
ICVCUBOEA AK3 CBIH1ST EISCHAH3*l
A CCBE I> HOURS.
/visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatJ
kuSEUi OF AHATOim
'}) ® lKlXAlXnST.tot.«:U7&.3.r.Cil.^
V X?3r Th* L*rrcf .? JLn*:oAicaJ Mu*eufn in the \ J
A l\&£*k S3. JOnOAK-D'StASES OF MEM 6
> f \£&C I i ">t**"wn r"»'"- ; '.v *r h» .f.Trr. A A
P /■ ffCkv ftatnt Cun tr. »vfTjr aa«wid«Ttaiei». '
4 n J? liA
• * '/ "™ JuanniAr.n. mailed ikee. Ut
* j[ j\ u a:> book tor m**r ) A
Q DB. JOCDAS Al'O.. 1051 M»rket«t-.S. F. V
CUTLERY
EVERY &ADE WARRANTED
ASTHMA CURED
T»» *Uy curei. li>.a!th restore!. Attacks never I
return. 'Write for Uwk t'0. free to any Asthma I
or H«r Fever sufferer. Address P. HAiVjLU t
HAYES. Buffalo. 'N.-T. \ /
PACIFIC TRADE
IS ITS THEME
Commercial Museum Supplies
Facts of Live Interest Con
cerning 1 Countries Now at War
3IANUFACTURES OF JAPAN
Demand of Siberia for Foreign
Goods Is Considered With
Details of Local Value
The Pacific Commercial Museum has
inaugurated a new plan to convey to
its membership information relative to
the latest happenings concerning for
eign trade movements in the countries
bordering . on the Pacific Ocean. A
monthly review of the trade is to be
given in a bulletin, which is really an
eight-page periodical. It is compiled
and edited by Eugene Goodwin, direc
tor of the museum. The first number
of the bulletin is Just out.
A share of the contents of the ini
tial number if? devoted to facts con
cerning industrial enterprises in Japan.
The information is timely, as it throws
light on the progress of the sturdy lit
tle brown men whu are now facing
the Russians. One statement is that
one-third of the total imports into
Manchuria is composed of cotton cloth
made in Japan. The hemp industry in
Japan has received especial attention
and orders were recently executed for
a supply of fishing nets for Alaska
to cost $30,000. There are four hemp
spinning companies In Japan, besides
which spinning is carried on as a
household industry in the northern
provinces, and these sources supply
fully the domestic demand for ail
grades, except bleached hemp yarn,
which Japanese manufacturers have
not the means for producing. Flax is
freely raised in Japan, but the impor
tation of flax, hemp, jute and China
grass during the first six months of
1903 amounted to "22" tons, about 2000
tons in excess of the amount imported
in the corresponding period in the pre
ceding year.
The Japanese Government has a
scheme for subsidizing a company to
train workmen to manufacture plate
glass. The plan calls for the appro
priation of $249,000 to be expended dur
ing the next four years. It is pur
pc-sed to choose a foreign expert and
to construct two furnaces of the latest
style under his supervision, each with
a capacity of at least 470,400 square
feet of plate glass a month; also to em
ploy thirty foreigners as trainers of
Japanese workmen, and to train fifty
workmen for the Government service.
An Osaka firm of sugar dealers is
preparing to establish a sugar refining
plant, and a company is reported to
have dispatched representatives to the
United States and to Europe to pur
chase machinery. A company of na
tives of Yezzo also purposes to import
American machinery to manufacture
condensed milk.
Some valuable information Is also
supplied by the bulletin relative to the
foreign trade of Siberia, which may
largely concern San Francisco as an
exporting point. The following para
graphs are illustrative:
The extensive territory lyinjr #ast of I^ake
Baikal contains 10,0<Xi,00<> inhabitants, .who are
:-. fui-.-.g prnirreso in . ctvi!!zat!cn and whese
warts are on the increase. The introducUon
ct European manufactures is maneged through
native house*. All the cities of Importance of
Eastern Siberia have for years had large com
nwrfal fcoutes/ Germany his alreadv gained
a firm foothold In tlies* markets and km a
monopoly pf the trade In most artlc!»8. En&
l>h exoorts to Eactem Siberia consist prin
cipally of cooJ. tinned sheet iron for roofing.
nails and other metal poods. On account of
the discontinuance of the free harbor at Vlad
ivostok and the new Russian customs tariff
of 1&02 the English Import* of fancy, and
textile eoodr. ais well as of preserved food
artie!f«. sardine?, milk. etc.. which were
specialties of English trade, have preatly de
c:ea*ed.
The b»»t opportunity for the operations of
American manufacturers is in the introduction
of machinery and implements for minln?. The
principal demand at present In for machinery
foi coal mines. Coal minim? in Siberia is yet
in iti> infancy, but as th* Fupply of wood for
fuel is diminishing mining of era! -wHI become
a necessity, and with the development of th*
industry will ccme a demand ff*r horins nnd
hoift!ng machinery, boilers, light railroad ma
terial, etc Carpenters' and blacksmiths tools
are wold In Isrse quantities. v Thls trad'» Is in
the hands cf the Gentians. An metal goods
are dutiable on the weight, the llrhtMt kind
of such wares form the principal Imports.
Manufacturer* of the T'nited States have al
most monor>o!!*M the trade In firearms and
keep large stocks of their goods In the coun
try.
CATHOLICS WILL OBSERVE
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
Young Men's Institute Has Arranged
Services Suitable for the Occa
sion.
The Young Men's Institute will ob
serve Washington's birthday in an ap
propriate and fitting' manner, as has
been its custom for many years.
The annual memorial mass will be
celebrated this year at St. Mary's
Cathedral. Monday, February 22, at 10
a. in., and the sermon will be preached
by Rev. T. J. O'Conneil of Alameda.
The institute extends a cordial invita
tion to all members and friends to
join in this offering for the departed.
The evening services will be held at
the Alhambra Theater, commencing
at S o'clock. Joseph S. Tobin will be
the orator of the evening:, and the fol
lowing programme will be presented:
Overture. Hynes' orchestra: introduc
tory, John A. Dunleavy; president of
the evening, James D. Phelan, grand
presidfrnt Y. M. I.; soprano solo, "A
Pair of Blue Eyes," Mrs. Marie Dro
bay McGlade: tenor solo. "Dawn,"
Richard H. Hunt; xylophone solo.
Professor S. Samuels; selections, or
chestra; contralto solo (selected). Miss
Ella V. McCloskey; monologue, W. J.
Hynes: recitation. "As the Moon
Arose," Miss Al Draghicevich; bary
tone solo. "The Way of the Cros3,"
Bert Minner.
Cards of admission can be procured
at the heado.uarters of the T. M. I., 24
Fourth street.
ASSETS AND DEPOSITS
ARE MUCH INCREASED
Interior Savings Banks of the State
Arc Enjoying Prosperity Un
precedented in Their History.
The interior savings banks of Cali
fornia show a gain of $3,060,732 69
in assets and $2,383,349 26 in deposits
since September 23 of last year. This
class of institutions has never before
in the history of the State been, so
prosperous. The statement of re
sources and liabilities, based on the re
turns of Januarv 23. is as follows:
Hesources — Bank premises. $856,344; other
real estat*-. fl.T15.C23 :il: stocks and bonds.
Jir-.I-r.i.lSN 22; loans on real estate. *»<>.5::i.
2ftJ US: loans on etocks, bonds and warrants,
J2.215.777 4S: loan* on other securities. $444,-
S2S .'5.1: loans en i*rsoral **>curlty, $1,622.
£06 fcS: money on hand. $1,267,271 56; due from
banks and banker*. $7,403,17;: 01; other as
sets $*«S.4G4 C«: total resources $71,674,240 63.
l^labilltUs — Capital paid up. $4.fS0.855: re
eerve fund and profit and loss, $2,511,490 55
due depositors. ?6:;.S.10.0S5 03; du» to bank*
and banker*. 80; State, county or city
money. $12,173 63: ntfc*r liabilities, $371,654 4'j
tctal liabilities. $71.e*4.24O C3.
LJnes From the Los Hook or the Cal
ifornia Limited.
"The dininp car service Is perfect; other
accommodations are <iulte satisfactory."
—^Professor George Branner, Vice Presi
dent Stanford University. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO. CALL. SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
GLO VERDALE'S CITRUS
FAIR BEST EVER HELD
Displays^ Are Attractive and Complete, the Town Radiant
in Its Illumination and/Citizens.. and. Visitors. Vie in
Their Enthusiasm Over Successful Work Being Done
TWO OF THE LARGEST AND MOST ATTRACTIVE DISPLAYS THAT
ARE ON EXHIBITION AT THE CITRUS FAIR NOW BEING
HELD AT CLOVERDAL.E.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 19.— The second
day of the citrus fair has demon
strated that the exhibition this year
is the best ever held here. Great inter
est is being shown by the citizens and
the people who are here from other
parts of the State. The attendance is
much larger than the management ex
pected it would be. : '-
Representatives of the California
promotion committee are here and have
contributed much toward the success
or the exposition. They are enthusi
astic in their praise of the display.
Andrea Sbarboro, president of the com
mittee, will come from San Francisco
to-morrow and remain here until Sun
day night. Mr. Sbarboro will be given
a splendfld reception by the officials of
RED CROSS TEA
THE AFFAIR OF
THE AFTERNOON
By Sally Sharp.
To-day the benefit tea at Mrs. Low
enberg's. 1650 California street, will
take precedence over matinees, bridge
whist and even the alluring teas that
are on the cards for the afternoon. The
hours are from 3 to 6 o'clock, and the
beneficiaries the Jackies of the navy.
"Going?" To be sure! Who would not
gladly go down in her automobile bag
for a dollar for the dear little Jackies—
the young sailor lads that are learning
the defense of our country. Mrs. Bow
man McCalla, Mrs. Frederick Sbarboro,
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall and a bevy of
other patriotic women are working to
provide a clubhouse for them, where
they will be surrounded with beneficent
influences rather than those of the
grogshop. The Red Cross Society, of
which Mrs. John Merrill and Mrs. Har
rington are leading figures, has taken
up its share of the burden, hence the
benefit tea to-day at Mrs. Lowenberg's
charming home— tickets $1. A pro
gramme of merit will be presented
which alone will be worth the money.
As an indication of the interest mani
fested in the project it is satisfactory
to note that the following good people
have furnished rooms in the clubhouse:
General Horace Binny Sargent, a dor
mitory; L. R. Vance, Miss Sarah Mc-
Calla, Admiral McCalla, Mrs. .Walter
English, Chauncey English, Mrs. John
T. Porter, Leo Oulton, Mrs. Andrew J.
Welch, Dr. Harry Tevis, the estate, of
A. A.. Sargent. Mrs. James M. Goeway,
Mrs. William Tevis, the young William
Tevlses and Mason Wittney Matthew.
All of these have provided furniture
for rooms. And is not that a testimo
nial of good citizenship? prac
tical patriotism. .
As a help toward the work an . ex
cursion is planned for Washington's
birthday about the bay for the purpose
of witnessing the torpedo-boat practice,
directly and incidentally of collecting a
dollar per for the fund. -.The Southern
Pacific has generously given the Berke
ley for the affair, while Mr. Foster has
donated the Donahue-rthe latter to
carry no more than 300 at $3 per head,
luncheon to. be served gratis. The3e
excursions promise to be delightful af
fairs—as promising socially as well as
financially. " '";"' "•">■".■'
But the tea to-day! That is the
thing! "Going?" To be sure. ,. .
'What a deliehtful tea that r . was 'of
Mrs. Thomas Morffew's yesterday when
more than 400 guests called to pay their
compliments' to one of the most popular
hostesses of the season. Her. receiving
party consisted ' of Mrs. George ; Dow.
Mrs. George Clark, Mrs. Morris Newton;
Mrs. Hodgdon,^ Mrs. Joseph Mas ten,
Mrs. Jonathan Leal, Miss Mabel Ayer,
Miss Ella V. McCloskey and Miss Lil
lian Field. And their offices were dis
tinctly not sinecures. . . . .
The .decorations were of ferns and
yellow jonquils in the drawing-room
and strings of smilax and 1 national col
ored bands of ribbon In.: the dining
room. The inspiriting red, white- and
blue strands.werc, to be sure, mdst.ap-
Dreciated for their appropriateness— but
the association.
To-night the pavilion Is radiant with
[ electric lights and the scene presented
| has never before been surpassed in this
part of the State. The side shows are
particularly attractive, but .nothing has
been overlooked to "make all the feat
ures complete.
The judges of fruit are Alexander
•Crow and John Miss Clarice
Towne and Mrs. "Lelah Spauldlng will
pass Judgment on artistic displays. The
prizes will be awarded Saturday even
ing.
The fair is being managed directly by
W. T. Brush, president; C. E. Hum
bert, G. W. Hoyle, G. Hagramar and
John Cooley, vice presidents; George
B. Baer, secretary, and T. B. Wilson,
generel manager.
XOTED ELOCUTIONIST
. INTERESTS AUDIENCE
Yonng Men's Christian Association
Glres Its Eighth Number in Star
Course of -Entertainments.
The eighth, number in the star
course of entertainments which the
Young Men's Christian Association
has arranged was given in the associa
tion auditorium last evening. A large
audience v was present and the enter
tainment was a decided success. -
*. Montaville Flowers, a celebrated elo
cutionist, whose repertoire is chosen
from literary masterpieces from "Les
Miserables," entertained last night,
and each of his selections was heartily
encored. Flowers has striking dra
matic ability and his character imper
sonation was perfect. His manner is
natural and he has a power of delivery
that holds his listeners.
Madame- Lillian Blniivclt
Will give the last of her delightful se
ries of concerts this afternoon at three
o'clock, at Lyric Hall, when the follow
ing fascinating programme will be pre
1. a — Pastorella
b— Vedrai Carino .Mozart
c — Come nlete gentil Piranl
2. a — Du Bist tlie Run Schubert
b — Marienwuermchen Schumann
c — Auf Fluegeln. Mendelssohn
<1 — Fruehlingslied. . .Van der Stucken
3. a — Revenez Amour Lulii
b— Bolero Dessauer
c — Si mes vers '. . .Halm
d — Serenade Massehet
e — L'ete .'. Chaminade
4. r — Skylark ....". Handel
b— My, Heart. AVas Like a Swallow :
.„....'.... Behnke
c — If I Only Knew.... Liza Lehmann
• d — Sweetheart and I Beach
5. Air de Rijoux. "Faust" Gounod
Dowic Denies He Owes Craig.
John Alexander- Dowie." healer and
several other things, filed an answer
yesterday to the -suit for $1764
brought against him by Hugh Craig,
formerly president of the Chamber of
Commerce. Dowie denies specifically
ever having received $2727 from Craig
or any other sum, and says that he is
not now indebted to Craig for $1764.
Washington's' Birthday
Affords an opportunity to investigate the sum
mer home; slt«s at Caradero, Duncans- Mills,
Monte Rio. Mesa Grande. Camp Meeker. Camp
Tyrone. Camp I'istoleBi. etc. Liots now on sale.
Pleasant trips to Camp Taylor, Tocoloma.
Point Reyes. Tomalrs Bay, Boltnas and Mount
Tanialpaic. Reduced rates February 20 to 23.
inclusive. > Inquire North Shore Kallroad, 620
Market street. - ' • • •
Delivers . Powerful Sermon.
.Rabbi J.-Nieto- delivered a powerful
sermon last night' before the Congre
gation Sherlth Israel. He chose for
hjs. subject' "Religion, Commerce and
Civilization," which was listened, to
with; rapt .attention by .a large con
course'of people. -
the presence of. several little axes was
certainly confusing. Many times dur
ing ; the the hostess was be
sought to explain the symbolism of the
axes— whether they betokened the
father— or the smasher — of the country.
._ Among the'stunnlngly gowned women
conspicuous ' were Mrs. "Willis, 'Mrs.
Morris Newton; Mrs. Arthur" Spear and
Mrs.- Joseph Masten. ~
TAKES ADVICE
FROM SPIRITS
Fritz Salmon Buys Oil Stock
and , Patent Medicine After
Hearing From Deceased Sister
NOW WANTS MONEY BACK
Files Suit Against Medium
Earle, Alleging That Latter
Imposed Upon His Credulity
Spiritualism, oil stock and patent
medicine; figure in a suit for damages
filed yesterday" by Fritz Salmon against
Edward Earle. According . to the . com
plaint I Earl, in • his capacity of stock
broker, medium and dispenser of patent
medicine at $10 a bottle, induced the
plaintiff | to invest • part of his bank
account. Salmon says Earle got $520 out
of. him, and he asks the. court to give
him judgment for that amount.
The plaintiff says that in February,
lOOl.i Earle told him that the stock of
the Hecla Oil Company was a valuable
asset and advised him to purchase a
block. of it. Earle, Salmon claims, veri
fied . his ■ statements a. few evenings
later, when in his capacity of medium
he produced: a slate message from the
plaintiffs sister, Lizzie, telling him to
buy the stock. . Salmon followed the ad
vice, purchasing $250 worth of the
stock. A week or- so later he again
purchased $250 worth of stock on the
strength of a message received from
JLizzie and transmitted to him on a
slate by Earle.
Some time later, after he had received
various .'letters from Earle telling him
that the Hecla Oil Company was boom
ing, the plaintiff alleges he consulted
Earle about Tiis health. The latter, he
says, informed him that he knew of a
medicine that would work wonders
with a sick man; He bought a bottle,
paying Earle $10 for it, for the. latter
told him that he alone knew where, to
get it. A few days later he bought an
other bottle, for, he says, one night
Earle gave him a message from one Dr.
Oscar Schmidt, a deceased friend, tell
ing him not to be without the medicine.
The message also told him that "no
drug store had it in stock," so, as in the
first instance, he turned the $10 over to
Earle.
Now he says that the medicine was
never worth $10 or any portion of it.
; and that the stock of the Hecla CJil
Company is not worth the paper it is
printed on.
Sues for Doctor's Fees.
L. Bleakmore. to whom Dr. E. A.
Diggins has assigned a claim for $1300
against the Charles Nelson Company,
sued the company yesterday for the
amount of the claim. Diggins, ac
cording to the complaint, under a
written contract rendered professional
services for "employes of. the defend
ant.
Wnnts Insurance Released.
Mary E. Langley yesterday appealed
to the Superior Court for an order di
recting Sheriff Curtis to appear and
show cause why he should not release
an insurance policy payable to her
which he has garnished. She claims
Curtis is acting without right or au
thority. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEDDING invi-
tations and mar-
riage announcements.
Reception and visit-
r Heraldic and Book-
plate engraving.
Exclusive stvles in
J
Monograms and writ-
ing paper.
SH.REVE.&GO.
Post and Market t 'Str&ets.
GETTING IT IN THE NECK
paw-edge collars Is what the man
floes who takes his linen to an Inferior
laundry for renovation. Bring* your
laundry work here and we -will surprise
you by the artistic beauty of the color
and finish that we lay upon it. N'o saw
edges upon your cellars or cuffs here, no
broken buttonholes or edges. Your
linen's handled carefully and we guar-
antee satisfaction.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LXUNDRY,
orriOE 1004 makkstoteeet,
; Near Powell.
J Phone South 420.
RAILWAY TBAVEH
Bggif) TOSANRAFAEL,
jOggi ROSS VALLEY,
§11 MILL VALLEY,
!||1| CAZADERO, Etc
ftS&fiiaiSj Via Sausalito Terry.
Suburban Service, 1 Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily— 7:00, 8:00,
»• 00. 10:00. ll:C0 a. m., 12:110. 1:45, 3:15. 4:15,
6-15 6:15; 7:00. 8:45. 10 :*J0. 11:45 p. m. .>
FROM SAN "RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily 5:25 6::?5. 7:40. 8:33. l>:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20, 1:45. 2:55. 3:45, 4:45, B:43,-£tt:45.
S - 4." 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL. VALLEY 'TO SAN FRAN-
i d*co— batlv. 5:45. "0:55. 7:52. 8:53. 9:55.
11-20 a. m.. '12:35, 2:00. 3:15, 4:05. 5:05, «:05.
7-05, 0:C0. 10:35 p.'m. -
THROUGH TRAINS, aBSSPSB
S:ixt a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
' 5:15 p. ni. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomalea and way Ftatlons. ,
■••:J:15'P. m. ■ Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a.- m.. Point Reyea and
way.Ktations.; '-
-TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market «t." . .
KERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
If -«g£g|j8$8£|&?f^ MILLION AMERICAN NURSING
H issv^^Hi^^lfcFgS MOTHERS keep themselves and their ba- °s
1 TC&al4ii&ai^^SI bies in 8 P lendid health with CASCARETS
|| l^iKSeiliaSk WKa Oandv Cathartic Tho -wonderful things
H ■BHUHEaSjKBM^^mBEt ft CASCARETS do for mamas and their
B SSwBHBy^^lKB JhKS babies have become known through tho
S MMK x Vij&l^ja kln d "words Of those who have tried them.
H *vi jS^ig/ aad so the sale is now over A MIXiUON
B y W jfifv fH^ BOXES A MONTH- Mama takes a CAS-
Hvr fa*L M&i&W CARET, baby gets the benefit. The 3-^eet, ;
S/ l \&4sEr^ palatable tablet, eaten by the nursing
« V. jt&P^^ mother, regulates her system, increases
fa Vvjr her flow of milk, and makes her milk roild-
H fBr ly purgative. Baby gets tho effect di-
2 g[ luted and as part of its nature! food:— no
M * *^^v>-^ violence — no danger — perfectly natural
« >a results. No more sour curds in
H 9*^^ baby' 8 stomEch, no more wind colic,
Sal ■* •-"* >>^^r-' 1 - n. / ci?'* > •% cramps, convulsions, worms, reat-
li v.\*?ijT^" $7C*^*"T£ J less nights. All druggists, lOc, 25c,
|| r ~" SX ft _ M§k idT Rrtr> - Never sold in bulk. Genuine;
;a r *v<L_ V '^^', tablet stamped OOC. Sample *
H .._. , wajw^" and- booklet free. Address
I feeTsTgo'd 1 !' T^ZI Ja STERLING REMEDY CO.,
H \ \^P~-r^gta5&P: Chicago or New York. *
I D^T CATHARTIC jrrgflg-S^^
I ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES
f[ Greatest In the Worid «j>
RAILWAY. TKAVEL.
The North Western* i
Union Pacific Excursions \
afTcrd unusual oppnrtunitie* for. an
economic*) aod satisfactoryjourney to
Chicago^fEast ! j
Excursions Every Day * i
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
7 - For full information spply to or address
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK.
General Ager.t. Cen'I Agent Pmu'r Dept.
Chlc»eo&North-We«ernRy. Union Pacific R. K. i
617 Market St. No. t Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. j
CALIFORNIA r*J |
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
LEA VES DAILY |
at J ):."IO a. nx, through, in ;; days, &
with, diner and all trappings. h
■ Other Santa Fe Tralnsj
7:30 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
S-CO "' ra' I Merced - Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— C41 Market St., and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South First St.,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UH FRANCISCO ANiJ NURTH PAC1FI3
RAILWAY GOMPAlTSr. ■
Tlbnron ferry* root of Marxet Street. I
SAN rKANCISCO TO SAN BATAXZ^
WEEK DAYS— 1:M. »:li0. ll:uo a. m., li:ij.
S-.SO. 5:10. tS:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kitra trip
at 11:20 D. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:20 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:UO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30. 5:C0. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN SAFAEL TO SAN PKANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:06. 7::i5. 7:50. U:L1\ 11:13
a m.: l-»:&0, 3:40. 6:00, 5:20 p. ra.
Saturday!*— Extra trip at 2:C5 and 0:33 p. m.
SUNDATS— S:CO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40. 4:55, &:05, 0:23 v. m.
Leave I In Kilect 1 Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 1903. ISan Francisco.
'Week I Sun- I UestinaT \ Sun- I Week
Daya. | days. | tlon. | daya. ] Day»~
7:30 a 8:00 a 0:10 a 8:40 a
* 9:.»a Isr.aclo. li):4it a U':^V a
.".:30p :i:30p 6:05 p b:^Op
B::0 p 5:0Op 7:35 p
7:30 al »:lOa| 8:4Oa
IS:0Oa Nova to. 10:40 a;10-;20 a
3:30 pi 0:30 a Petaluma, 6:0r> pt 6:L1)p
5:10pi3:30p and 7:35p)
' { 5:00 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a ~~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p C:'-*0 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor. 1 I
7:30 a 8:00 a Hraldsburg. 10:40 ajlO CO a
l.ytton. |
8:30 p 3:30 p Geysenrllle. 7:35 p| 6:20 n
I Cloverrtale. f |
7:.;0 a I 8:00 al llopland 110:40 a 1 10:20 a
3:U0 p[ 3:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:M p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| H CO al .Wllllta. • | 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al 110:40 allO 20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( Guernevilla. | 7:35 p| 6:20 u
7:30 al S:Co al Sonoma I 6:10 al S:40 a
6:10 pi 5:00 Pi de" Ellen. | 6:05 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a !
3:30 pi 3:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:35 pj 6:20 p |
STAGES connect at ' Green Brae for San ,
Qutntin: at Santa Kosa for White Sulphur I
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West :
fc'yrlngs; at L,ytton for L>ytton Sprinss: at Gey- I'
berville for SkaKKs Springs; at Cloverdate for '
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; • at :
Jiopland for Duncan Sprinss, Highland Spring ;
KelseyviHe, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Kay.-IAke- '
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy !
Springs.- Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Sptinsrs. t T pper I>ake. Porno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, LJerly's'
Bucknells. Sanhedrln • Heights. I lull vllle. Orr'v
Hot Springs. Halfway Hou«e, Comptche. Ornt; I
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg J
Westport, Usal; at Willlts for Fort Uragxi '
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Coveilo. Latton- !
vllle, Cumralng3. Bell's Springs, Ilarrla, Ol.
•en's. Dyer. Garb«rvlHe. Pepperwood. Scotia I
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Sunday rcund-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.-
■ On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates-
Ticket- offices. 630 -Market' street. Chronlcl-
bulldlng.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. ItTAX.
Gen. Macaxer. Cen. Pass. Ait.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAII.WAY TBAVEL.
I f auKSCT \^1 Trains le»re and mrm
i " V *°"TC5 j . \ due toarrlT* at
V0\^p/y SAX FRANCISCO.
\^ -~|Y y (Main Line. Ferry Dep-ts.
W I,/ Foot of Market Street I
uo» — Faox Fa»au*«Y 17. 1904. — a»»it*"
7.00* Vacaviile. Winter*. Knm»ey 750r
7 OUa Benlrta, Sabttn. Elmiraand Sacra-
cikdui 7.20?
7-30* Vallejo. Napa. Caltstn^a. Santa
I'osa. Marttnex. 8*n Uamon S 23?
7 30a Klles, Ltvennore. Tracy. Lathrop.
S:ock:on 7-20?
800a Sbsita Express— (Via UhtIsi.
WinUm* (for Bartlett Sprln5*>,
TTliiows. tFrnto. Ked Bluif.
Portland. Tacoms. Seattle 7-50p
8 00a Davis. Wooillaod. Kntcbta Landins.
Marysvtile. OrovlUe 7-50r
3-30a Port C'nata, Martinez. Antlocii.
Br^on, TracT. Stockton, Sew-
nn. Los Uanos. Mendota.
Arcionit. ' Hantord. Vlsalla.
rortervllle 4.20p
8-30a Pori Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
* rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresao.
Goshen Junction. Hanford,
Visalla. Bakersfleld 4 53?
8-30 » Klles. San Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton, (t Jll'.ton). lone, Sacramento,
Vlacervtlla. Marysvllle, Cnico,
Ked Clnff 4-20?
8-30* Oakdale, Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tunlmnne aod Angels 4. 20*
800a AtlnatlcKxpress— Oc/len*nd Ea«. 11.204.
3.30* Klchniond, Martinez and Way
StatJon* 8 50?
10.00* The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omana. Chicago. B 20?
10-00* Vallejo 12.20?
1000a Lo* Anc-ten Passenger — Port
Costa. Marr.nex. Byron. Tracy,
Lithrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. H.tnford. Letnoore. Vlsalla.
Bakersftelrt. Loa Angeles 720>
12.C0m Hayward. NM!esan.1 Way Stations. 320p
t1 OOP Sacramento River Steamers 1 1 1 .OUp
3.30F- Bcnlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knfgbrs Landing.
Marysvillc. OToriile and way
stations 10-50*
S30r narwar'I.NiJes and Way Stations.. 7-50#
3.30> Port Costn. Martinet. . Hymij.
Tracy. I.ashrop. Modesto.
Meroid, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions bevond Port Costa 12-20*
330p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lo«H... 10-20*
4 OOP Msrttnez.San lUmon.Va;iejo,Xapa,
Csllstoga, S«nta Hosx 920*
4 00p Kiles. Tracv. Stockton. Lodl 4.20?
4.30P Uayward. K!!<s. Irvlngton, San I ♦350*
Jose. Livermore t {11.50a
5 C0f The. Owl LlmlteU— Newmon. Los
Banos. Mrnduia, Freano. Tulare.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles.
* Goldra State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for it!-
caso. rta C. B. I. t P. 8.50*
E.COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 20p
t530p Ilayward. Nile* ant! San Joss 7-20*
6 00? Hayward. N lies and San Jose 9.S&*
6-OOp Eastern Expres*— O^den. Denver.
Umaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
Ease Port Coata. Benlcla. Sul-
*nn, K'mlra, Davis, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Truckee. Boca. Keso, Wad.v
wortb. Wlnnemocca 828*
S.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday » 7 -«_
7-COp Vallejo. Sunday only f '•««"
7X0r i:!>-h:n<>nd. s-na Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Station* 11.20a
S.CSp Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvtlie, Redding.
Portland. Puge: Sound aad East. 8.50*
8-IOr Hayward. Nile* and Saa Jose (9na-
' day only) 11-50*
COAST LINE (Harrow tlaage).
_ J (Foot of Market Street.)
8-15* Newark. Ce-ntervllle. Saa Jose.
Felton, Ronloer Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Stations 553p
t2-15p Kewark, CenterrUle, Saa Jo"\
New Almadea. Los Gstos, Felton.
Bonlder Crnek. Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations f10.55*
4.15^ Kewark, San Jose, Los Gatos and) t8.55*
w»y fUtlonn )!10 65a
*9 SOr Banters Train. Satardsy only. S>a
. . Jo-* «ad Way Station*. Retnrn-
|pg from Los Gatog Bnnday only. XT 2S>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KKANCISCO. Fuotor Mirlcet St. (St!?1>
— tf:» 1:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3.00 615 r.u.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broartwty — t6:0O »:»•
t8:05 10:00 jl.*. 12.00 200 400 FK.
COAST LINEi <Uro«d w«u««).
pr ( l Bird and TownMnd Street*.)
6-10* Saa Jo«« and Way Stations. B.SOr
7 00 a Sun Jose and Way Stations 5-33r
8X0* New Almadea (Toes.. Frid., only). 4.1 3r
8 00* The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jose,
Crilroy (connection for Bollls*
ter). Pajaro. CastroTttle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Urore), Salinas, Saa
Ardo. Paso Kohl**. Santa Uar-
Rartta, San Lais Oblspo, principal
■ cations thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
. thence Santa Barbara,SanBuena-
ventnra, Sangus. Los Angele*... 13-<l»
8. CO* Ban Jose, Tres Plnos, Capltola,
riantaCrnz, Pacific Orore.Salinas,
San Lnls Oblspo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10s>
10.30* San Jose and Way Stations 1-20*
11-30* Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos
and Way btat!ona 7.30*
1 30r San Jose and Way Stations 8 35*
3 UOr Df! Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Juse, Del Monte, Monterey,
]'«cl&c Grove (connects st Saata
' Clara for SanU Cruz, Boulder
' Creek and Narrow Gange Points)
at GUror for flolllster. Tres
Pino*, at CastrnTllle for Salinas. 12.1b*
3^Dr Tres Plnos War Pawienrer 10 4S*
4 3Dp Ban Jose snd Way Stations... *8 00*
t5 00rS>an Jose, (vi* Santa Clara) Loa
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9 CO*
\b-ZOr EanJoteandPrtnclpalVTarStatlons J3 43*
6-COr fc unset Ktmlted.— Uedwood. Saa
Jose. Gllror.Sa'.inai, Paso Ilobles.
San Lnls Obtspo. Santa Barbara.
I.os Anjf'.ri, l'enitns. El Paso.
New Orlrap*. New York. . Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at Ca»troTm« for Paclflc
Grove and Way Stations 7-IDt
16 Ur SanMateo.Beresford.lieiinoni.San
. Carlo*. Kenwood. Fair OaKa,
MenloParfe. Palo Alto tS.43*.
6 30p 8«n Jose and War Stations 8-33*
8 00p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*.
11.30r duutbSanFntnciseo. MillOrae. Bur- ,
-■ .'.-• llntprae. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Csrlos. Hedwood, Fair Oiks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9 45?
«11.30r Wayflel<U Mountain View. Sunny- ■■;>•
- vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
i SanJoae ........ t9.48F
, A for Moruini;. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
I Stop» at all stations on Sunday.
t»~Only trains »iopp1ng*l Valencia SusouthVluad
«reb:1i)*.M.,;:C0*.M., U:X> *.M.,3:LX> p.m., 6:30 r.M. «aJ
1:00 rjt
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave " tja SjuaUM ttnj Arrive
Saa Franctaco fttn »i Markst X San Franctoca
"Week Sun- prf? Sun- Wec'<
JDayv_ days XgSS^y^ day^_ Da vs.
•Tr«OA««TooX UgctnisSSk 12:OAr f0l40l
•l:45r 9:OO A f?fe>R i SS/ l:?3f 3:5»
B:lSf 1O:OOa a.BOr S:.\Op
11:OOa 4-.3Or9.a9*
•Bsnatt yjtt ttap *t . * Ksasa s»» Tm»w Ctmf
'nCUI 1 626 Mauit Sr M (Norta Shore Ratiro«5"
CIRaS I tad SaCTAUTO Ftxxr, FocK Market St.
78
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Railroads' Damages.
BY EARL, D. BHRHT
IKorm^r Railroad Editor New York Sun and
New York Time?.]
(GorrriSfat, 15*04. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
An expert railway statistician esti
mates that not less than $73,000,000 is
paid out annually by the railroad com
panies In the Tnited States to satisfy
claims for personal damages and fa
talities. Although the percentage of in-
Jury to life and limb through railroad
operation has materially lessened with
in tti*> last decad<*, the scope and work
«if the claim department on each road
has steadily increased. In oases where
passengers are killed or injured and
wherein injury and loss are inflicted
upon persons residing along the line of
the" road the proportion of pecuniary
satisfaction demanded is. now much
higher than ever before.
The growing popular disposition to
"make the railroad company pay" for
the damage it does has had its most re
cent illustration in the suits brought
against the »w York Central Railroad
by the victims of the terrible Park
avenue tunnel disaster in New York
City a little more than two years ago.
By a rear end collision in the tunnel
just above the Grand Central station
many persons were killed and others
were frightfully mangled. It was a
suburban commuters' train, and som-?
of the victims were persons of wealth
and social prominence. The railroad
company was scored bitterly for not
having proper lights and signals In the
tunnel, and suits for personal damages
ranging from $JO00 to $100,000 were
brought against the company. Judg
ments for large amounts such as $45.
000, $00,000 and $75,000 were gTanted by
the courts, and the company's attor
neys bent all their efforts toward pri
vate settlements with the scores of
claimants. Only a few weeks ago a
semi-official announcement was made
that all of these claims had been paid,
including the Judgments, and that the
aggregate sum in which the New York
C< ntral had been mulcted amounted to
about $3,000,000. It Is a matter of fact
that the company scarcely put in a de
fense as against the Park avenue disas
ter claimant". Passengers on the ill
fated train received from $500 to $2000
for bruises and "shock." and torn
clothing was paid for on the most lib
eral scale.
This latest experience of the New
York Central is in marked contrast
\vith a "smash-up" incident on the old
Boston and Albany road before the
Civil War. Two clumsy, slow moving
trains made an attempt to pass on the
same track, with the usual result.
Passengers were severely shaken up
and badly scared, but there were no
fatalities. The morning after the ac
cident a farmer limped into the office
of the general superintendent and said
in a menacing tone: "Mr. Superintend
ent. I came to see what you are going
to give me for shaking me up yester
day ?"
The railroad official sized his man
up and observed that he was damaged
more or less in both body and habili
ment. He asked the- farmer how
much he thought he ought to have as
compensation for his injuries. The
answer was: "Well. sir. I think it is
worth 50 cents, and I will settle for
that amount."
The superintendent handed out the
half dollar, quietly remarking that it
was a large sum. but inasmuch as the
farmer seemed to be an honest man
the company would pay it. Then as
an additional evidence of liberality the
superintendent offered to give his
caller a pass on the railroad as far as
his home. "No you won't," said the
farmer as he moved toward the door.
"As long as these old legs of mine last
I won't go on your darned railroad
any more."
Nowadays public sentiment ap
parently justifies the stiffest kind of
claims for damages inflicted by a rail
road company. A serious railroad ac
cident arouses popular resentment,
chiefly for the reason that modern in
vention has placed practically perfect
safety appliances at the disposal of the
railroads. While the Interstate Com
merce Commission reports from year
to year a diminution of the number of
lives lost on railroads, the most har
rowing railway catastrophes occur
periodically and almost in -every in
etance investigation discloses as the
cause recklessness, disregard of rules
or rank incompetence on the part of
some employe. Frequently safety ap
pliances fail to Vork and it is ascer
tained that their proper care and in
spection have been neglected.
The late Collis P. Huntington once
Baid to the writer of this article: "Our
company (the Southern Pacific) wouid
gladly pay $500,000 a year for an abso
lute guarantee of the proper working
of all of the safety appliances on our
system. Such a guarantee is an im.
possibility, however, for no living
agency can guard against the frailties
of mankind. Sooner or later the* best
of men will 'fall down' in the line of
duty."
Although the proportion of fatal
railway accidents Is about evenly dis
tributed between Eastern and Western
roads, it is the Eastern roads that pay
the largest proportion of the $75,000,
000 annually in - 'isfaction. of personal
damages. The enormoog traffic that
passes over the Pennsylvania system
and the Vanderbilt lines keeps trains
flying to and from all points of the
compass incessantly. Persons and an
imals are bound to get hurt, and the
wonder is that the number of passen
rers killed is so Jnfiniteslmally small
as compared with the millions that are
carried. In recent years the Pennsyl
vania and the Vanderbllt systems
have paid about one-fourth of the
claims collected under the head of
personal damages. The claim depart
ment of each of . these ayBtemg has
grown steadily, until now each com
pany employs between 500 and 1000
agents, clerks and attorneys In Bifting
claims.
If a farmer's cow gets on the track
and is killed his claim comes up under
the head of personal damages, and he
is not satisfied unless he receives from
the railroad company at leaat double
the market value of the beast. Chaun
cey M. Depew once remarked with
mingled facetiousmess and wisdom:
"New York farmers, I imagine, must
sow pasturage 1 peed between our rail
road tracks, so that thelr^ antiquated
live stock can seek an eternal rest In
the most profitable manner. The New
York Central road has paid about
$1,000,000 for dead cows."
Great Lakes Tilting.
BY G. FREDERICK WRIGHT, A. M.. LL. D.
lAuthor of "The Ice Age In North America,"
"Asiatic Rus>s!a." Etc.] '
(Copyright. 1904, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Everywhere there are indications that
the land has continued to rise more
rapidly at the north than- at the smith
around the basin of the Great. Lakes.
The lake ridges bordering Lake On
tario, Lake Erie. Lake Huron and Lake
Michigan all show this. These lake
ridges are old shore lines formed when
the ice obstructed the drainage to the
northeast., and so were at the time of
their formation level. But now they
gradually rise, so that they are much
higher at Watertown, N. Y., than they
are at Syracuse, and they are higher
at the northeast end of Lake Erie than
they are at the southwest, and so as
you go north along the shores of Lake
Huron and Lake Michigan, and in the
Red River Valley along the old # shore
lines of glacial Lake Agassiz, it is
faund that- there has been a warping
of the earth's crust since their for
mation, whjch has left them much
much higher to the north than they
are at the south.
G. K. Gilbert of the United States
Geological Survey, after careful study
of the facts, shows that this Qeforma- !
tion of the earth's crust in the basin
of the Great Lakes is still going on,
and is gradually tipping up the basin,
tending to drown out the cities that
are at the southwest end of the lake,
and eventually to turn the whole drain
age over through the line of the Chi
cago drainage canal into the Missis
sippi Valley. The rate of this change
of level at the northeast part of the
basin he finds to be such that the wa
ter level at Chicago will rise from nine
to ten inches in a century. This he
calculates from a stutly of the beach '
marks that were established in Buffalo
and other places a hundred years ago.
He concludes, therefore, that, unless a
dam is erected to prevent it, Lake
Michigan will again begin to overflow
into the Illinois River in about 500
years; for the summit of the channel
leading into the IHinois River is only
about eight feet above the present
mean level of the lake, and only four
or five feet above the high water level.
In 50Q or 600 years, therefore, unless a
dam is built, the water of the Great
Lakes will begin to spill over into the
Mississippi River during its high
stages, and in from 1000 to 1500 years
there will be a continuous flow dur
ing the mean stages of the water, whiles,
in about 2000 years as much will run
into the Illinois River as now runs
over Niagara, and in 3500 years the
rock bottom at the head of Niagara
River will be so high that there will
be no Niagara Falls for tourists to gaze
upon or for electric companies to util
ize for iight and transportation. The
basin of Lake Erie will then drain into
the Mississippi Valley by way of the
Chicago sanitary canal.
Among other places where consid
erable changes in land levels have
taken place in recent times we may
mention the coast of Xew Jersey,
which is. sinking at the rate of about
two feet a century. This is evident
fronythe advance of the water upon
the cbast line and from the burial of
large trees in the New Jersey swamps,
which formerly grew on dry land, but
are now sunk many feet below water
level. Dr. Robert Bell brings evi
dence to prove that the land about
Hudson and James Bay is rising at
the rate of from five to seven feet a
century. The southern coast of Green
land is slowly sinking, while that of
Scandinavia . is rising. Darwin has
shown that the eastern coast of South
America has been rising since the gla
cial period. In 1822 100,000 square
miles along: more than 100 miles of
the western coast was 'permanently
raised three or four feet by a single
earthquake shock. In 1819 the bed
of the Indus at its mouth was sunk
' eighteen feet and the village and port
! of Sindree permanently submerged,
whye a portion of the delta of the
Indus fifty miles long and sixteen
i broad was elevated ten feet. About
1812, following numerous earthquakes
In the vicinity of New Madrid, on the
west side of the Mississippi River, a
little below the junction with the
Ohio, a stretch of country 300 miles
long was so affected by earthquakes
that numerous tracts were sunk down
and others raised, so that many new
lakes and islands were formed and
the bed of the Mississippi ' much
changed. All around the eastern
coasts of the Mediterranean Sea there
j are recent shore lines of partially con
i solidated sand and gravel containing
numerous shells such, as now live in
the Mediterranean. The whole re
gion, from -Cairo to Beirut must re
cently have been raised to the extent
of 200 feet.
In the interior of continents it is
more difficult to find evidence of
changes in land levels, because we
have no fixed data from which to cal
culate. But in two or three places
in New England scientific men affirm
that there have been such relative
changes in the heiehts of mountains
that distant peaks which were once
visible from certain points are now
obscured by the elevation of interven
ing peaks. The engineers of some of
the Pennsylvania railroads have be
come, convinced that the grades are
in some places changing through
gradual variations In earth levels. In
due time. the exact facts will 'be as
certained.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
THE SAN FR^NCISCQCALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ( .Address AU Commanicatioiis to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Ofllco <3^|p§l||^> Third nnd Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY . . . * .....'.. FEBRUARY 20, 1904
CLOVERDALE CITRUS FAIR.
WE desire that our Eastern readers make a note
that .on the iStii of February, 1904, there was
opened at Cloverdale, in Northern California,
in latitude 39, the twelfth annual citrus fair held in that
town. The oranges and other citrus fruits exhibited
are grown in that vicinity, and are fresh gathered from
the orchards in which they began to ripen last Novem
ber. It should be known that in this State ripe oranges
remain on the trees for months. The mansions on the
fruit plantations of Sutter County, in the same latitude
as Cloverdale, are usually in the midst of groves of
orange and lemon trees, and it is not unusual to see them
in May with the ripe fruit on the trees that has been
yellow since , November. The family * go to the trees
every day for the fruit they use. -
The exhibit at Clovcrdale shows the great abundance
and proves the excellence of the citrus fruits grown
there, and it stands as a witness to the climatic advan
tages of Northern California, a winterless land, where
the oranges and lemons are untouched by frost and can
be shown in the midst of the winter months. Mr. Lea,
in his addres's opening the fair, said: "Cloverdale for
eleven years has stood sponsor for Northern California.
She has by this long series of fairs proclaimed to the
world that her people have cast their lot in a pleasant
place, and that this is the home of ; the lemon, the po
melo, the olive and the orange as well as the grape."
All this, nearly at latitude 40. That is the latitude of
Philadelphia; Columbus, Ohio; Springfield, Illinois; In
dianapolis and Eastern points that are now suffering a
temperature at zero, and below, with storms of sleet
and snow and air of the incidents of a hard and bleak
winter. In Asia it is but little south of Vladivostok and
a little north of Port Arthur, where the salt sea is
frozen. It is north of Sicily, the seat of citrus culture
in Italy, and of Seville, where oranges are grown in
Spain. It is, in fact, farther north than orange produc
tion anywhere in the world outside of California. Here
it Is still south of the citrus zone, for the great orange
orchards of Butte County are in a still higher latitude.
Let our Eastern readers take the map and find Clover
dale, California, and its latitude and then read the ther
mometer at points on the same degree in their own
country, and picture to themselves what is certified by
this exhibit of citrus fruits. While they are tightly
housed against the bleak blasts of winter; with the
streams frozen so that the ice has to be broken daily,
for their animals to drink; with their houses banke.d up
to keep the frost from destroying their winter stock of
potatoes and apples, at Cloverdale the fields and plains
and inclosing mountains are as green as in the Eastern
June, the wild flowers are in bloom, oranges are ripe on
trees that are already in" bloom for the next crop, and
the people are entertaining visitors who come to admire
the great exhibit of citrus fruits and olives, garnished
with the foliage of the palm and bamboo. They will
appreciate how little latitude has to do with the climate
of California. • .
Upon further inquiry they will find that Sonoma
County, where all this exhibit is produced, is also a
banner county in the production of wheat, oats,- rye,
barley, corn, buckwheat, hay, live stock and all that the
Eastern agriculturist is. familiar. with, and in addition to
these grows the fig, pomegranate, grape, Japanese per
simmon, and a wide variety of orchard and field crops.
This is the fact that is so hard to get into the heads
of Eastern people. They are unable to see why we
grow the staples which they produce, in the same soil
and under the same sun that produce the semi-tropical
fruits and the date palm. It would pay the railroads to
advertise excursion rates from the zero land to the
Cloverdale fair, every year, for we can imagine no more
impressive lesson than can be taught by bringing East
ern people through the frost and snow, and introducing
them to such an object lesson without taking them out
of their latitude.
The features of this fair should be preserved in photo
graphs for distribution and exhibit in Eastern cities.
Each should have attached a map of the United States,
with Cloverdale's latitude projected to the Atlantic
Coast. It may seem strange that at >this late day the
climatic facts about California have to be propagated
by such means, but it is true. The facts are so remark
able, so out of line with Eastern experience, that they
are difficult to grasp. When they are fully realized we
are persuaded that Northern California will receive such
a large and desirable accession of population as will
carry the State away up the line at the next census.
It should be known, too, that Cloverdale is merely the
exponent of Northern California. It is not a small and
specially favored spo^, except in the good judgment and
enterprise of its people who make this exhibition. Cli
matically it is representative of conditions that extend
eastward across the State to the Sierras, embracing an
area capable of supporting millions of rural people, under
conditions that make work a pleasure and life a luxury.
The ingenuous editor of a Berkeley college paper,
charming in his youth, wishes to know if it is good form
for a young gentleman to smoke cigarettes in' the pres
ence of young ladies. Where in the world or anywhere
else did this journalistic inquirer conceive his notion of
a young gentleman or a j'oung lady?
AUDIENCE PANICS.
SIR HENRY IRVING, in his fore-curtain speech in
a theater at Chicago, might have omitted his crit
icism of the city .officers arid strengthened his
statement thereby. The awful loss of life in the Iro
quois Thefer was no doubt the. result of panic in. the
audience. The panic was caused by fire. The audience
sat an appreciable time after the fire started, and there
was ample time for it to have escaped if it had moved
promptly and in order.
The valuable part of Sir Henry's discourse is that in
reference to panics. ' Panic in an audience may be caused
by explosion, of a bomb, or by'a personal encounter in
which firearms are used. There have been audience
panics in which all the loss of life was caused by. the
jam at exits. It may seem chimerical to talk about in
suring any audience against panic. When it is prevented*
it has always been by the control of some one with pres
ence of mind to divert attention and exorcise, fear, long
enough to get the. audience to pass out promptly and in
order.'; 'Any theater in the United States can be emptied
in seven minutes of an audience that fills every seat, if
the people act sanely and prouiptl;- That is so brief a
time that no fire can spread from the stage fast enough
to overtake the rear of the retreating column. But, if
under such circumstances, a single person in the mass
begin to crowd and force his way ahead panic starts at
once, . ... ,, '.-..' . •
Such awful events as the loss^ in the Iroquois Theater.
may serve a 'useful purpose in the future, far beyond the
Improvement of fireproofing and apparatus in theaters,
if all who seat themselves in any large audience will re
flect upon it and map out a course of conduct in event of
an accident at the moment they take their seats. The
press will do a life-saving service if it will from time to
time familiarize its readers with the subject. Audiences
in churches and theaters and halls cannot be put through
a fire drill. But that drill. in schoolhouses is a most de
sirable training of the young in panic-preventing tactics,
provided they are made to fully understand its purpose.
.When -grown -up the cry of fire should cause them to in
stantly recur to the schoolroom drill of their childhood.
It may be said with perfect truth that no packed audi
ence is absolutely safe from every cause of panic. It has
many causes, and the only safety in an audience is in
everybody preserving presence of mind and in none try
ing to take' advantage of the rest by crowding upon and
trampling others. Of course there is a grave duty upon
public authorities in the matter -of " fireproofing to re
move one cause, and in that of ample exits sufficient for
the quick escape of all, no matter whether the possible
panic be caused by fire or otherwise. If leading actors,
like Sir Henry Irving, would improve their opportunity,
when called before the curtain for a speech, to talk sen
sibly and calmly on the subject, the theater would be
made a sort of training school against panics.
Already evil signs of international complications are
showing on the war-reddened horizon of the Far East.
The Russians are embittered at the evident friendship of
England to Japan, the Britishers are t incensed at the
palpable partiality of Germany to Russia, and France
is watching the Lion with eyes, none too peaceable.
Uncle Sam has the opportunity of his life to serve all,
offend none and profit by conditions he has not made
and should not. seek to disturb.
MUTTERINGS OF A TEMPEST.
IF authentic and persistent reports from the capitals
of Europe seem to give authority to the statement,
by far the most disquieting aspect of the war in the
East is the attitude which Russia has assumed toward
Great Britain in the Tibetan question. From St. Pe
tersburg and Berlin come dispatches averring that tjie
Czar is ready to repulse English aggression in Tibet at
the point of the bayonet if driven to this extreme neces
sity and that he has already obtained ascendency in the
Forbidden Country of such a character as to make fur
ther advance against it on the part of the British nothing
but an act of war. In short,' if the tenor of these semi
official utterances from St. Petersburg be inspired by
actual sentiment in the councils of the Czar it is evident
that Adam Zad is more than willing to come to grapples
with the lion. . .
That being true, it is manifest that Russia's scheme is
nothing else than to precipitate a general Vwar such as
that of the Crimea, wherein all of the powers interested
in the Far Eastern question will be dragged by the in
terests of their respective spheres of sovereignty. To
invite war with England would be to put to the final
arbitrament all of the tangled knot of diplomatic en
deavors woven about the East since China was opened
to <the- powers.. . Russia is well aware that if she threw
down the gauntlet to England, Germany and certainly
France would not bide the coalition between Edward's
empire and that of the Mikado which would follow. Al
most equally certain is she that the realignment of the
powers along a general battle line in Asia would eventu
ally involve the interests of the United States and de
mand that our country take a part in the great quarrel.
At first glance it may per- 1 the height" of foolhardiness
that, Russia, now suffering from the dagger thrusts of
doughty little Japan, should invite another conflict, but
beneath the stolid countenance of the Slav there is al
ways a cunning at work which lets no gleam through the
eyes until the time is ripe for the trap to be sprung.
A general war in which one or more of the powers be
sides herself and Japan were involved would be of in
calculable benefit to the empire of Nicholas. Russia is
weak on the sea, far weaker than even the critics prophe
sied before 'Japan' had the opportunity to do away with
six of her vessels' in two weeks' war, but then Russia is
not a sea power nor one fatally vulnerable to the supe
rior force of a naval armament.
A general war, which would bring her into alliance
with either France or Germany, or possibly both, would
throw into her way armies and more armies to overrun
Asia like the myrmidons at ancient Troy. Russia could
be swept off the sea and yet she would have her thou
sands upon thousands of soldiers, augmented by the
forces of her allies, to swamp the combined forces of
Japan and England. In the final grapple lack of sea
power would count for naught with Russia,, since she
has no colonies and none of her possessions are directly
open to assault from the sea save those along the ice
bound Siberian coast. It would be the preponderance
of armies which would decide the issue.
Though the Czar's Government seems at present to
be suffering heavily ffom the attacks of the Japs and
shows a" remarkable weakness, both in strategy and
fighting ability, conservative students of world politics
see in that nothing, more than a repetition of the state
of affairs -at the qpening of 'the Crimean war. Behind
the 1 Muscovite's - sluggishness and apparent clumsiness
at the war game one must look to catch the first steely
glint of a strife terrible as the wars of Napoleon which
he may be conjuring up in that cold, calculating brain.
Under the spur ..of her own. enterprise, energy and
inherent strength Baltimore is rising from the ashes
of her disaster. Her civic pride will make the business
quarter of the city better- and more beautiful that it was
before the great fire. But even more significant of her
splendid reliance is her choice to repair the injury by
her own effort and her own capital. It speaks well for
the fabulous wealth of our country that one of its cities
can unaided recover under such a fearful handicap.
Ominous are the signs of the resurrection of practical
politics in our public schools. The Board of Education
has discovered, after much crafty solicitation, that pro
bationary teacher-, must be formally elected to the de
partment after they have spent their, years of satisfac
tory^ preliminary service. We may expect soon to hear
of the wholesale removal of probationary teachers and
the appointment of political favorites.
A, milkman was fined a few days ago for mixing water
with milk. In making an example of this offender what
did the authorities mean to impress upon us? Perhaps
they wanted to indicate to us what they can do if they
choose to perform their duty. What a curious incident
it would have been if they had discovered a milkman that
doesn't mix water with milk
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Measuring Distance.
A group of downtown merchants were
discussing the trouble in the Far East
when one of them asked, "What is the
distance from Mukden to Port Ar
thur?"
"Your question Is a difficult one to
answer," replied Smithkins, "if they
regulate distances there as they do ia
some parts of California."
"What do you mean?" asked the
other.
"A few weeks ago I was called into
the interior on business," said Smith
kins, "and formed the acquaintance cf
a hustling real estate man who was
stopping at the same hotel. 'How far Is
it from here to ?' I asked him
one day, mentioning a small town in
the county, but not on the line of the
railroad. 'Well, that depends,* an
swered the agent, as he threw his
cigar stump at a dog that was sleep
ing near the stove in the office. 'You're
not thinking of buying any land there,
are you?" he cautiously asked. I as
sured him that I had no intention of
investing. 'Well, then, I don't mind
telling you.' he whispered, confidential
ly,' as he lighted a fresh cigar I had
given him. 'It's a good eight miles, but,'
he concluded, 'if you thought of buying
property there it would be only a mile
and a half.* " •'■*'? .* *
The Mythical Strad.
Tom Ernst, a clarionet player in the
Musicians' Union, tells the following:
"Of all nuisances, deliver me from
the amateur violin collector. One of
this species used to pester me by al
ways talking 'shop,' although he knew
I belonged to the 'wood wind' and made
no pretense to a knowledge of the
strings. His enthusiasm for his violins
was so great that one day I retaliated.
I began by saying that a few days be
fore while in a carpenter shop I had
found a cracked and worthless violin
in a dirt heap, and thinking to amuse
myself had bought it for 50 cents, taken
it home and begun trying to play. I
thought that would be enough to start
him. It was.
"In a few moments he asked care
lessly, 'Is there any name in that vio
lin?'
" 'Oh, yes,' said I. 'but it Is so old
that the name can't be deciphered. It's
just an old second-hand instrument,
you know. There's a name Inside like
S-t-r or something; I didn't notice It
particularly.*
" 'S-t-r what?' he asked, becoming
perceptibly interested.
" 'Oh, just S-t-r-a— or some old name
like that; I paid no attention to It, 1 I
anwered.
" 'Yes, yes?' he asked, more excited
ly. 'Is it Strad r • 'i'-'-i'*'
" 'Oh, yes; I think so; I don't know,*
I replied In a tantalizing way.
" 'Well, is it Stradivarius?' he finally
blurted out. *;;.'".'
" 'Yes, I believe that is the name,' I
replied innocently. 'But it's of no Im
portance—the violin is not worth any
thing.' V-' ;
" 'No, I suppose not,' he said. Then
in a moment, 'Say, I am willing to give
you $5 for that instrument without see
ing It.' '-. : 'il:
" 'Oh, no,' I said, 'I wouldn't rob
you.'
" 'Well, I'll give you $10 for it,' said
he.
" 'No,' I answered. 'I wouldn't take
advantage of a, friend."
" 'Well, then,' he said, 'I'll give you
$20 for it.'
"As I had no violin and didn't know
where his bidding would stop, I said
simply, 'No, no; I guess not. I've be
come attached to the instrument now
and couldn't bear to part with It." And
I'll bet that fellow is still guessing how
he can secure my Stradivarius."
Narcissus.
Along a woodland path Narcissus
strolled;
Narcissus, with a . care-free artless
ness;
A tender youth whom Nature, manifold.
Had graced with all her splendid love-
liness.
A mirrored pool Jay framed in water
cress. '•*" ' :
And here Narcissus paused, and
looking in.
Beheld himself, or could his gaze re
press
From ravishing that image, limpid
twin "•' -\i\'
Of his own form, it seemed none
half so fair had been. ; j
And whilst, with new-born passion, on
the brink. ' ' ." • .
Narcissus paused to woo his own fond
heart.
Sweet Echo, drifting by the pool to
drink.
There found her love, and trembling
all astart.
She bade him answer — "Tell me why
thou art
Here lingering where this mossy
basin drips;
What lonely fancy holds thee thus
apart?"
But he, like Philomela when she
sips.
Bent down and kissed the lucid pat
tern of his lips.
— Stanford Sequoia.
\ Deadly Cyanide.
The deadly cyanide of potassium,
which whisked the condemned Whit
aker Wright away from the prison
gates, is the most terrible of all cor
rosive poisons. 'According to a Lon
don paper an eminent specialist en
gaged in experiment was once so un
fortunate as nearly to become a victim
to this very method of poisoning^
"I had taken sufficient to give me
some indication of what death in such
a maner would be," he said. "If the
poison be concentrated, so also is the
agony, for it seems as though all* the
sufferings of one's life were endured
In the few seconds during which It is
possible to realize them. The out
standing sensation which I experienced
was the rapidly increasing pressure
upon my brain, as though a rope had
been passed round my head and that
at my forehead was a lever with which
the cords were being- tightened to
bursting ppint.
"Anything so terrible I had no con
ception of and I shudder to think of
it now. Of all methods of death it is
the most cruel. You take the poison.
You drop as though you were shot.
You are not shot. Were you shot, and
well shot, you would be dead. You
are ' neither shot nor dead. You
are left in agony. Seconds become
1 years. You have not time to think,
but you have time to endure, and the
torture that you endure is beyond the
power of words to express."
Fire in London Theaters.
It is not generally known what a re
markable record London theaters have
In the matter of immunity from fira
casualties. Sydney Brooks, in an ar
ticle In the current Harper's "Weekly,
points out that since 1S58 not a single
life has been lost in a London theater
through flre, with the single exception
of the death of a fireman who was
killed on duty during a blaze at tho
Alhambra Music Hall, in 1882. It is.
he comments, "a wonderful, almost an
Incredible record, and it appears hardly
less miraculous If we push our in
quiries back to % the beginning of tha
nineteenth century and survey the last
one hundred and four years. In 1807
twenty-three people were killed in the
panic that followed a false alarm at
the famous Sadler's Wells Theater; In
1S0S a fire broke out during a perform
ance at the Covent Garden Opera
house; the audience escaped, but fifteen
or twenty people who tried to enter the
building to put out the flre were killed;
In 1858 another false alarm, this time
at the Cobourg Theater, led to the
deaths of sixteen people.' So that since
1S00 less than sixty people have per
ished through fires at London theaters,
and for nearly the last fifty years the
record, with the exception noted above.
Is absolutely clean of any sort of fatal
ity."
Making Things Clear.
Americans who go abroad will be glad
to know at last what they have a right
to bring home with them without be
ing'pestered to death by customs offi
cers. Secretary Shaw, who has brought
an unusual amount of common sense
with him Into the Treasury Depart
ment, has issued a circular advising
.trans-Atlantic travelers, when they re
turn from Europe, to put all dutiable
articles near the tops of their trunks
and to bring: original receipted bills
for "articles necessary and decorative
purchased abroad," so as to save cus
toms officers and travelers both a good
deal of trouble. Mr. Shaw announces
also, In accordance with a recent de
cision of the Circuit Court of Appeals,
that each passenger may bring into the
country for himself or any other per
son articles purchased ,abroad to the
amount of $100, provided they are not
for sale. This Includes, however, only
fifty cigars and 300 cigarettes. The
senior member of a family may include
all the members thereof in his or hew
declaration. And now, if a little com
mon sense could be Infused Into the
conduct of the customs department, so
that there could be an exercise of fair
discrimination and judgment in accept
ing the word of decent and respectable
travelers, much of the outcry against
a protective tariff, which originates on
the steamship docks of New York City.
would be heard no more. — Leslie's
Weekly.
r Ans7vers to Queries,
ROWING RECORD— S. F. M., City.
The record for rowing one mile, single
sculls. Is held by George Bubear. He
made one mile straight away with the
tide on the Thames River, England, ia
4 min. 58 sec. April 23, 1894.
DISTANCE— Subscriber. City. Ths
distance from San Francisco to Hono
lulu by the great circle route is 2100
miles, and by the same route from
Honolulu to Yokohama. 3400. The dis
tance by the great circle route between
San Francisco and Yokohama, not
touching at Honolulu, is 4536 miles, '
DEEDS — Subscriber, City. In the
United States a deed made in a for
eign country will be recognized if ac
knowledged before a Judge of a court
of record, Mayor, chief magistrate of
a city, town, borough or county, no
tary public, diplomatic, consular ' or
commercial agent of the United States
resident and accredited in the country
where the acknowledgment is taken.
ADAM'S FIRST WIFE— Subscriber,
San Jose. Cal. Lillth. properly the
nightly one. is represented -to be a fe
male night spirit that was believed to
wander in the deserts and was rep
resented as making its permanent
abode in Edom. According to Talmudlc
legend, she was Adam's first wife, be
fore Eve was given to him, but who
for refractory conduct was transformed
into a beautiful demon, who- Hes in wait
to destroy children that are not pro
tected by an amulet.
AFRICA— Subscriber, City. The area
of territory under British cont» -»1 in
Africa is 2,817,760 square miles; France.
1,232.454; Germany. 920,920; Italy. 278.
500; Spain, 243,877; Portugal. 735.304;
Turkey 798,738. and Congo independent
states under the sovereignty of the
King cf the Belgians, 900.000. Total
area. 8.087,553 square miles. The total
population of Africa Is H7,104,87\: The
area of the United States, not includ
ing: the new possessions of the Philip
pines, Porto Rico. Hawaii. Tutuila and
Guam, which aggregate 150,599 square
miles, is 3.616.434. <-*
Special Information supplied' dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call*
fornia street. Telephone Main IOC • •
Towr.send's California glace iruits and
candles. 50c & pound, tn artist Id tire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastera
friends. 715 Market st_, above Call bids. *AUBURY SAYS NO RADIUM
IS FOUND IN CALIFORNIA
Declares That Claims About the Discovery of That Metal
in Mariposa County Are Not True and Denounces Fake.
Dredging About to Begin Near Historic Town of Coloma
State Mineralogist Aubury declares
positively that the claim that radium
has been discovered in Mariposa Cmm
iy. la this Stat?, as claimed by the
•.aiifomia Radium Gold Mining Com
• >any, is a fake pur^ and simple. Re
cently the company In Question has
been advertisir.K largely and over one
pordon of the advertisement was a re
quest to the public to investigate.
Aiiueralogi&t Aubury says that he has
investigated carefully, securing many
samples of ore fro-m the Fitch mints,
•which is the one operated by the Cali
lornia Gold Radium Mining Company,
and these samples were submitted to
the chemist and assayer of the State
ilining Bureau. Not one of them, so
tays Aubury, contains radium.
"1 do cot beiieve that there is any
radium in California," so Aubury said
yesterday. "What radium there is in
the world that is knenvn has cost at
the rate of 53,000,000 a. ton tc produce
and there is only two pounds of it in
all. This California company adver
tises that whi'.e it takes eight tons of
Uie European ore to produce one pram
cf radium tt is possible to produce the
same amount of radium from a few
ounces of the Mar.posa County ore. I
have had Mr. Preston examine many
specimens of the ore from the Fitch
mine, the one on which glowing adver
tisements are based, and he has re
ported back that there is no radium in
them.
"1 will also refer you to Professor
Arthur S. Kakie of the University of
California, who has written an article
on the subject of the alleged discovery
of radium in Mariposa County. He re
ports that Professor Lewis has tested
the ore and has found it to show less
than one one-hundredth part of the
radio activity of the weakest uranium
compound. 1 will take all possible
means to warn the public that this is
a fake and hope that the admonition
Will be widely read for the credit of
the State. The fact that the ore upon
being scratched emits light is no indi
cation of the presence of radium. Ne
vada ores have been discovered that
emit light under friction, but they are
merely zinc blende. There is no ra
dium in the Fitch mine ore. The com
pany that is back of the advertising
is trading on the spark of light that
the ore shows. It is all a fake."
Tho statements of the State Mineral
ogist are submitted for the good of the
public. Mr. Aubury made other state
ments, but all to the same intent as
the foregoing, so that it is unnecessary
to repeat them all.
WATEK FOR TICK MIXERS.
If the rainfall of the. last week in the
mountains could have been utilized by
restraining dams to hold if in check
there would have b^en water enough
to operate mines for a long time. A
graphic account of the precipitation in
the mining region of Nevada County
is given by the Grass Valley Unum, as
follows:
In th* mountain* : *•• : - was a heavy fall of
t-now ThuriWiay tiisht. The fhow ptl<»4 up to
«. rfej>th of six f*^t Jn the hiyher mountain*.
■Brie! with the old mkw th«>re is now fn the
nelghlortiood of eis:M iv*\ at (Jrnniteville- and
Mountain House. On the Washineton ridire
over two feet of new raow fell, while at. Low
ell Hill it «nowe>l mm' two inches when it
turned to rain. Only a trace of mow was
r*>cr.rtled at Catnxuonville. However, hlch up
In the hills vh>-re man only ascend* In «h»>
summer the mow i5 very deep, and It will
probab!}" !apt until the neit seaFon's ptorms.
According to the Nevada County
Miner, electricity will be conveyed to
the Deadmans Flat district for the ope
ration of mines. Of the result the
Miner says:
The t>rin«in« of electricity into- the Dead
mans Klat district will be the means of re
viving the mir.inif industry thvre. It will put
new life end eaenry into the comnanies who
are cmeratlnx there and who propose to oper
ate there Jn the future. One of th»> treat
drawback* in th» past ha« been th*- lack of
motor power, and th!« ha* greatly retarded
ih» development of the vein*. As has been
stated In th^R* columns on different occasions,
there ir a bright future in store for Deadman*
Flat. lierrat developments there ehow that
it possesses rich \>in« and that these will
MBM day develop into famou? mines. Nothing
that could be euirceEted would help the dis
trict moi» than the introduction of electric
power.
Considerable exultation is manifested
over the fact that the Oneida mine in
Amador County has been put in shape
GBAPE-NUTS.
ooooooooooooooooeeeooo
• You May |
o e
2 °
i Be I
o °
I Wise!!!
o In most everything and §
I Fatally f
! at Fault!
: s
S about* your %
I food I
0 •
• ' O
o Ever Think •
o o
S about, That,? S
• o
o o
O You can greatly mcreasj %
2 your energies both Physical and •
0 Mentai by the # use of q
§ GRAPE-NUTS. |
• There's a Reason! •
• . •
© Grape-Nuts food is made ©
% of selected parts of field grains q
© that contain the natural Phos- 0
2 phates which restore the gray J
• matter in Brain and Nerve Cen- 0
• ters and the food is tfredigestcd •
% in the process of manufacture
U . to enable any one to easily di- •
*** If you are ailing in any way 9
O change your diet, and if you 0
© take on Grape-Nuts a sure gain •
% will follow. * o
2 ' . Look for the little book. "The %
© Road to Wellville," in each pkg. ©
OOOOOO0 0 0000OO0O§«*©9O
so that a dividend of $40,000 has been
declared. This is the first dividend,
says Ihe Amador Ledger, that the prop
erty has paid since 1S95, at which time
operations In the mine were resumed.
Work has been proceeding steadily for
nine years. The Ledger describes the
work on the mine as follows:
The operation* at the mine continue. The
winze btMng- sunk 400 feet north of th* shaft
at tUe 2000 level, for prospecting' purposes, is
new down about 1UO feet, but aa yet nothing
atartllnc has developed. It will be continued,
hovev<T, to the 22<X> level. The new immii
has not arrived, but is being looked for daily.
The elfctric cable to furnich the motive power
for tl-.e Mimii has already been put in place,
and ihe pump will be installed !(• short order
when it arrive*. When this pump nan besn
I>!»»ced the OneiUa will "have become almoet a
complfts electric i.iar.t.
TO DREDGE XEAR COlX»f A.
According to the Placervllle Nugget,
dredging operations will soon be under
way near Coloma, the site of the
original discovery of gold in El Dorado
County. Over 300 acres of ground in the
vicinity of Lotus and Coloma has been
located and bonded during the last
three vreeks by parties who Intend to
prospect the ground with drills, and if
the prospects prove satisfactory ajarge
dredge will be built to work the ground.
The lands proposed to be worked in
clude the bed of the river from below
Lotus to Coloma, and the large bars at
Coloma and Lotus. A great portion of
the ground the pioneer miners were
prevented from working, owing to their
inability to handle the water.
The great value of radium is inspiring
predictions all over the coast that it
will be discovered in quantities. The
supposed presence of the mineral is
made the basis, to some extent, of a
demand for a State mineralogist for
Nevada, although other reasons are
given for having the services of such
an official. There Is no doubt that the
legitimate mining industry of Cali
fornia has been benefited by having a
mineralogist at the head of a State
Mining Bureau. The Carson Appeal is
urging the creation of the ofllce of
State Mineralogist for Nevada. It
makes an argument which is given in
part for the interest that inheres in the
subject of the mineral development of
the next door mineralized neighbor of
California:
Probably the item that demands this action
more than any other is the discovery of ra
dium, or uranium ore*, in Utah. Utah is a
elster State. She has what we have — the same
orep. the Fame class of mines, and her terri
tory and climate in almost a twin. If ra
dium can be developed In that State then it
can be found in Nevada. Take the following
for instance: How many miners understand
It, and yet rt Is from a scientific paper that
it is intended to enlighten the miner in his
fearch for the wonderful metal of uranium
or any of ita component parts.
Originally radium was obtained from the
uranium mineral pitchblende, and at the pres
ent time uranium mines furnish most of the
material. I'.ut the latest researches, phow that
radium occurs In association with numerous
other minerals and is dispersed In many local
ities throughout the world. These minerals
are distinctly radio-active, and although ra
dium has not been proven to be in all o'
them their radio-active properties are most
probably due to its presence. Uranium, pitch
blende, clevite, alunltc, Blpylite. compounds
of thorium, organlte, m-jnazlte, xenotiire.
aettchynite, fergusonite, samarskite, ntobite,
tantalite, polycrase, euxenlte, columbite, ear
bonlte.
After you read this you don't know where
you are at. Hand it to the average miner and
he c&n't tell one classification from the othtrr,
and yet the metal i» quoted at thousands of
dollars a pennyweight. Had the State a
metallurgriFt who could classify th<> ores there
ip a Iilvi !ih. ■■'] that N'evada could produce ra
dium and plenty of it. The thing that Flicks
the miner and prospector is classification. They
depend on the mm;i!e tests, Fuch as acid and
horning, and Fhould they have a piece of
uranhun they would pitch, it over the dump
as useless. It is a f-afe proposition to state
ther* are not half a dozen men in this State
who could tell uranium from sandstone* sim
ply because thfy do not know it and are un
acquainted with the color, weight or general
aspect.
The advantages that are manifested
in this State resulting from the careful
work of the State Mineralogist furnish
an even better argument than is found
in the foregoing extract in advocacy
of the institution of the office of State
Mineralogist in the State of Nevada.
The San Jose Herald says of the con
solidation of the Santa Teresa and San
Juan mines, in Santa Clara County, In
part:
One of the purposes of President Joyce's
v:»,it to Fan Jose was to make arrangements
for the consolidation of the Santa Teresa and
the San Juan mines. Both these properties
are owned by practically the same people and
they think they can be put upon a better run
ning ba?is if the two properties are consoli
dated under one company. As soon as Mr.
Joyce reaches Boston the change will take
place. R. 15. Harper of this city will be one
of the directors of the new company and also
manager of the two properties.
WAITING FOR PERMIT.
The Nevada County Miner contains
the following, relative to the Omega
Company's hydraulic mine In Nevada
County:
At the meeting of the executive committee,
of the Anti-Debris Association, held yesterday,
Devlin & Devlin, the attorneys, reported that
they had examined the papers on die by the
Ome~a Mining Company with the California
Debris CommiffFion at Pan Francisco, from
which it appears that t..c - -ea proposed to be
worked by this mining company is two and a
half acres, the height of the bank ninety feet,
the cubic number of yards of material to be
washed 3C3.OOO, which Is estimated to consist
of 20 per cent cobblestones, 50 per cent gravel,
2<> per cent of sand and 5 per cent of loam or
pii»e clay. The mine will drain into Scotch
man Creek, thence into the South Yuba, and
the dource of the water supply is Diamond
Creek. The length of the ditch is five miles,
width five feet and depth three feet, tho
grade of the ditch 'being from five to ten feet
per mile. The nozzles proposed to be used
are from four to six inches, and the pressure
of the water 120 feet. The sluices to be used
are to be four feet wide, three feet dep with
a grade of elx In twelve feet. It is proposed to
raise the present log dam In Scotchman Creek
five feet higher in the same manner and build
lei cribs three feet high at each end above
the dam go raised and filled in the same with
rock. The company claims that it's area lor
impounding basin for holding the debris Is
seventy acres, and the capacity of proposed
Impounding basin Is r>GO.OO(» cubic yards. The
works had been completed, but the California
Debri* Commission said they had not yet been
c-x&mined and no permit had been granted. If
p'rmlFsion should be granted for the season. by
the commission It would only be for the pres
ent season.
The attorneys report that the. mine Js under
Injunction as to its past work and its permit
beln- withdrawn by the debris commission,
and Its application was for a new permit,
which had not yet been cranted.
SAYS HER HUSBAND 3fADE
THREATS TO KILL. HER
Mrs. Florence Goddard Refuses to
Withdraw Suit for Divorce and
Makes Trouble for Joseph.
Mrs. Florence Goddard, 260' Third
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of her husband, Joseph, on a charge
of threats to kill. She said she had
instituted a suit for divorce from him,
as he was in the habit of beating her,
and he called upon her last Tuesday
and asked her to withdraw the suit
and live with him again. She refused
and she alleges he threatened to kill
her.
Oil Promoter in Trouble.
J. I. Reid, who gives his occupation
as an oil promoter, was arrested yes
terday by Detective Whitaker on a
warrant from Police Judge Fritz's
court charging him with obtaining
money -by false pretenses. The com
plaining witness is J. F. Littlefleld of
W. P. Fuller & Co., Pine and Front
streets. It is alleged that Reid on No
vember 29 last went to Joseph Miccal
lizzi, who owed the company $4 0, and
falsely represented that he was a col
lector for the company. He received
the money and signed a receipt for it
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ■ SATURDAY. FEBRUARY ..20, 1904.
FUND IS SHORT
FOR CITY SHOW
Out of $50,000 Needed to^Iake
Municipal Exhibit, Less Than
One Half Has Been Subscribed
RECEIVE BUILDING BIDS
Committee Arranges to Have
No. Duplications in' Articles
to Be Placed! in Exposition
The finance committee that Is secur
ing funds and- subscriptions to have a
San Francisco building and San Fran
cisco exhibit in that building at the St.
Louis Exposition is still short about
528,000 of the $50,000 that it is estimated
will be necessary to install and main
tain the show throughout the exposi
tion season.
The Supervisors provided $15,000,
which it is estimated will pay for the
building to be erected and will also
provide a balance of $3000 or so to be
devoted to other uses connected with
the San Francisco part of the great
show. The finance committee has
raised by subscriptions something like
$7000 to date. That leaves $28,000 still
to be subscribed and paid in.
There is some expectation that the
roof garden cafe which will probably
be permitted by the exposition man
agement to grace the top of the San
Francisco building will yield something
of fair size toward the payment of the
running expenses at St. Louis, but this
is uncertain because it has not been
decided that all objections on th« score
of fire danger from the roof cafe can
be set aside. Therefore the lack of
funds to make San Francisco secure is
$28,000 approximately.
Letters and dispatches have been re
ceived from Samuel Xewsom.'the archi
tect who prepared the plans for the
San Francisco structure at St. Louis,
and also from T. C. Judkins, who went
on to St. Louis to let the contracts for
the construction of the building. The
Instructions to the San Francisco repre
sentatives in St. Louis included a pro
vision that If bids for putting up the
municipal building should exceed $12,000
then nothing additional should be done
after the bids were opened without con
sultation with the finance committee of
the San Francisco general committee.
A dispatch was received yesterday
from Mr. Judkins in which he an
nounced that the bids had been opened
and that he believed that It would be
possible to have the building construct
ed at a reasonable figure. This is sup
posed by the committee to indicate that
the bids have fallen within the $12,000
limit. A letter from Architect Newsom
also conveyed the fact that all- the large
buildings on the exposition gYounds
have been completed to the extent of
80 per cent, and that many of the small
er ones are finished and are already re
ceiving exhibits. Newsom also wrote
that this advanced condition of the
construction work would probably
make it possible to have competition
among the larger contractors for build
ing the San Francisco structure. No
additional particulars have been re
ceived concerning the bids.
The San Francisco sub-committees
are reported to be working actively.
Each booth In the San Francisco build
ing will be distinct and separate in
character of its exhibits, and it is an
nounced that there will be no duplica
tions. Jt is believed that the greater
the variety of San Francisco exhibits
the keener will be the interest of spec
tators. Educators have been In confer
ence with the San Francisco committee
during the week. It has been practical
ly determined which grammar, primary
and high school shall be represented at
St. Louis as characteristic of San Fran
cisco's educational system. The names
of these schools have not been made
public. The Lick School ■Vill represent
technical training. An engineering
school in this city will also be selected
to make an engineering exhibit.
THE MISSION
Street Furniture House Is Now
Beginning to Replace New
Goods From the Warehouse
Yesterday the Pattosien Company
ptarted to replace the many fine articles
of furniture and carpets from the ware
house. Since the sale commenced many
lines have been sold out, and it was im
possible to replace them on account of
the delivery wagons being used to deliver
goods. The public to-day can find the
stock well assorted at the PATTOSIEN
COMPANY'S, corner Sixteenth and Mis
sion streets.
Dr. Craig: Delivers Lecture.
The regular Lane lecture was held
last night at the Cooper Medical Col
lege. Dr. Charles F. Craig, first lieu
tenant and assistant surgeon of the
United States navy, was the .lecturer.
He had for his subject "Water as a
Carrier of Disease." Dr. Craig told of
the necessity of having filtered water
and taking precaution against con
tamination. Water, he said, was one
of the best mediums for disease germs
to live in and people should be con
stantly on guard against anything but
pure water.
LibeJ for Freight.
The Compagnie Havraise de Navi
gation filed a libel yesterday in the
United States District Court against
W. R. Grace & Cqj to recover $12,653
and interest, alleged to be due for
freight carried by the French ship
Alice from Antwerp to San Francisco.
In the same court J. J. .Moore &
Co. filed an amended complaint in
their suit against the Sphere Shipping
Company for breach of charter party.
The sum originally sued for was in
creased to $5000.
Special Rates for the Citrus Fair,
Cloverdale.
Th* California Northwestern Railway Is now
ix-lllng tickets at one fare for the round _Jr!p,
pood troinK Saturday. Sunday and Monday, with
return limit February 23. Tickets at 050
Market street and Tiburon ferry. • .
Give First Annual Ball.
Seal Rock Lodge No. 197 of the
Switchmen's Union of North America
gave its friends a good time last night
in Native Sons' Hall.
The affair was in the form of a
grand ball, and though it will be a
whole year before another entertain
ment of its kind will be given by the
switchmen, the memories of last
night's joy will surely linger over that
period in the minds of the partici
pants.
Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast is a success
because there Is quality behind it. •
Eureka Valley Social.
The Eureka Valley Social Club will
give an entertainment and ball in
Mission Turn Vereln Hall this evening.
J1OO Rupture Cure for $10 by Hunter, 1206
Market n. Bend (or circular, ' •
AUTO AVENUES
IN THE PARK
Commissioners Pass to Print
Ordinance Regulating* Speed
and Management of Machines
ROUTE TO CLIFF HOUSE
Danish Professor Is Coming
Here to Measure the Velocity
of 'the Earth's Rotary Motion
A meeting of the Park Commission
was held yesterday afternoon at the
office of trie president, A. B. Spreckels.
Commissioners W. J. Dingee.'R. H.
Lloyd, Frank J. Sullivan, A. Altman,
Superintendent McLaren and Secre
tary de Succa attended the session. An
ordinance, as follows, relating to auto
mobiles in Golden Gate Park, was
passed to print and will go into effect
ten days hence:
Ordinance for the regulation, use and gov
ernment of the parks, squares, avenues and
grounds In the city and county of San Fran
cisco, which are under the exclusive contrul
and management of the Park Commissioners
of the city and county of Ban Francisco:
The Park Commissioners of the city and
county of San Francisco do ordain as follows:
Hectlon 1 — No horseless carriage, motor
wc.on, motprcycle or automobile shall enter
or no upon any avenue, driveway or part of
any park or square in the city and county of
San Francisco except that driveway in Golden
Gate Park commencing at the entrance known
as "Waller-street entrance" to said park and
termlnatinj: at the exit on tho great highway
(which latter Is <sometimea called the "Ocean
Boulevard"), which driveway Is known as the
south drive in Golden Gate Park; and also on
and upon the said great highway commencing
where the northerly line ot Fulton street,- If
projected westerly, would intersect said great
highway; thence southerly from eald line to
the southerly end of said great highway.
Only such vehicles as are exclusively U9ed for
pleasure shall be permitted upon the said
driven and highways.
Sec. 2 — Upon the straight portions of sarJ
driveways, the speed of said vehicles shall not
exceed ten miles per hour, and around the
curves thereof the speed shall not exceed eight
mils per hour, and upon the great highway
from the southerly line of Golden Gate Park
where the northerly line ot H street. If pro
jected westerly, would cross said great high
way, to the point where If the northerly line
of Fulton street was projected westerly it
would cios8 said Kreat highway, the speed
rhall not exceed six miles per hour; and upon
such portions of said great highway all gaso
line prooelled vehicles must use mufflers and
every precaution shall be taken by the person
or persons in charge or control of any of the
vehicles hereinbefore mentioned to prevent said
vehicles from maklns any unnecessary noise
or frightening any teams, horse or hqrses upon
said great highway or Interfering with the
<:uict and safe enjoyment of said great high
way by any person or persons.
Sec. 3 — All automobiles operating under this
ordinance shall have their permit number in
the center of the front and back of the ma
chine, the flffures of such numbers not to be
less than flve inches in size.
Sec. 4 — Any person violating any of the pro
visionsNof this, ordinance shall be deemed
euilty of misdemeanor and shall be punished
by Imprisonment In the County Jail of the
city and county of San Francisco not exceeding
bIx months, or by a fine not exceeding $500
nor less than ?r>0, or both.
THE OVERLOOK DRIVE.
The original ordinance introduced
by Mr. Lloyd included the Overlook
drive among the avenues open to au
tomobiles. The order, amended on
motion of Mr. Spreckels, excludes the
Overlook drive. The order as passed
gives the automobilists an avenue
from the great highway, or Ocean
boulevard, to the Cliff House. The
route winds to the rear of Sutro
Heights.
Commissioners Lloyd, Altman, Din
gee and Spreckels voted in favor of the
ordinance. Commissioner Sullivan was
excused from voting. Mr. Dingee, in
his explanation of! his vote, remarked
that he did not own a machine, but
he recognized the fact that the auto
mobile was an institution that had
come to stny.
In the discussion of the topic the ne
cessity for additional police protection
in Golden Gate Park was dwelt upon.
President Spreckels remarked that he
had talked with Mayor Schmitz on the
subject and the Mayor had promised
to do what he could to assist the com
mission.
The commission decided to pur
chase two dozen fox-tailed squirrels
and two arch-necked trumpet swans
for Golden Gate Park. Mr. Spreckels
expected to get the squirrels from
Mount Lowe. A* letter from H. E.
Huntington was read, in which the in
formation was conveyed that the
Mount Lowe squirrels were not attain
able. Mr. McLaren knows where the
fox- tailed squirrels can be had for $2
each. «;
SPEED OF THE WORLD.
Commissioner Lloyd presented a
letter from the International Geodetic
Association, Copenhagen, in which the
Park Commissioners are advised that
Professor Hecker will arrive here in
July, 1904. Incidentally the Copen
hagen association desires to know if
there is. a hotel near the Davidson
Observatory wherein the professors
may dwell for two weeks. The main
purpose of Professor Hecker's expe
dition to California is to swing a pen
dulum on the exact spot where it was
once before swung when calculations
were made to determine the exact ve
locity of the earth's rotary motion.
The pillars of the old Davidson Ob
servatory in Lafayette square, between
which the pendulum was formerly
suspended, still stand, and as the Park
Commission exercises sovereignty
over this zone, the right to swing^ pen
dulums thereon rests with the board.
The commission readily granted the
privilege desired by the Copenhagen
experts. Mr. Lloyd, who seems to
have mastered the subject and is real
ly eager to ascertain if any errors
were made in previous measurements
of the world's revolving speed, ex
plained that the calculation could not
be made as accurately at the State
universil> as at Lafayette square be
cause latitude and longitude .at the
latter place had been exactly deter
mined.
The Commissioners resolved to have
music in Golden Gate Park on Mon
day, February 22, Washington's birth
day. On this point the board was
unanimous and Commissioner . Sulli
van enthusiastic.
On motion of Commissioner Alt
man the board decided to advertise for
proposals for the erection of a drink
ing fountain at the Conservatory,
Golden Gate Park. Some months ago
the board accepted Earl Cummlngs'
design for a fountain and the question
arose as to 1 whether this acceptance
could exclude bidding on other de
signs. Mr. Sullivan maintained that
the commission should invite compe
tition on designs and give all the
sculptors a chance to win fame.
The reiterated statement of Mr, Alt
man that the board had already ac
cepted the Earl Cummlngs design set
tled the question and the motion to
invite bids prevailed. Mr. Sullivan
was excused from voting.
Mr. Lloyd remarked that there was
a tendency to crowd on the park la
boring force men who were incapable
on account of advanced age to per
form the work required. He suggest
ed that a rule be adopted to give em
ployment only to men under 40. The
proposition was not favorably ; re
ceived, although Mr. Lloyd insisted
that the park- should not be made an
asylum for old and worn out work
men. Opponents of the suggestion
contended that some men at 60 were
better than others at 30.. No vote
was taken, but Mr. McLaren, . the su
perintendent,* was advised to give em
ployment ; only ; to those capable of
performing a good day's work.
CLAIMS IRW1N
IS A PERJURER
Father of Sadie Lyons Says
Son-in-Law Swore to an" Un
truth When He Got License
WANTS BONDS ANNULLED
Avers That Hfs Daughter
Is Now Only a Few Months
Over Fifteen Years of Age
Ralph Bert Irwin, the young man
who, on the night of February 6,
swore that pretty Sadie Lyons was 18
years of age, secured a marriage 11*
cense and then after Justice of the
Peace Thomas- Dunn had refused to
make Miss Lyons his wife, went to the
chambers of Justice of the Peace
Lawson and prevailed upon him to
perform the ceremony, perjured him
self if the allegations of Alexander
Lyons, the young girl's father, made
in a suit to annul the marriage, are
true. Lyons avers that his daughter
is only 15 years and 10 months old;
that Irwin perjured himself when he
swore to Deputy County Clerk Dan
forth that she was IS years of age
and did not need the consent of her
parents to enable her to marry him.
WOULD SEVER TIES.
The suit was filed yesterday. It
asks for the annulment of the mar
riage on the ground that Miss Lyons,
being under age, had not secured the
consent of her parents to become the
wife of Irwin.
When asked about the matter yes
terday Judge Lawson said:
•'I remember the young woman
very well, because I remarked her
youthful appearance, and in order to
find out how old she was asked her
in what year she was born. She told
me she was born in May, 1885. I
then asked her where her parents re
sided and she told me the only rela
tive she had was an uncle, who lived
in Oakland. Under such conditions I
could do nothing but make them
band arid wife, particularly after
young Irwin had most emphatically
informed me that the young woman
was over 18."
FLOODS ARE UNHAPPY.
A suit for divorce was filed yester
day by Anna M. Flood against Thomas
F. Flood for cruelty. She says that
ever since their marriage in 1901 he
has displayed a quarrelsome, morose
and malevolent disposition and has
made her life a burden. She says that
he also wanted to bring his mother
to their home and thus place her in
an intolerable condition of subjection.
Divorces were also asked for by Ma
bel Foster from John A. Foster for
neglect, W. A. Lazzarevich from Mary
S. Lazzarevich for infidelity and Clar
ice Vitant from Achille Vitant for in
temperance.
Decrees of divorce were granted to
Mary A. Baker from Jacob H. Baker
for neglect and Gustave Lindee from
Nita Stone Lindee for desertion.
On request of the attorneys for
Edith May Partello Madden, the de
fendant in the suit for divorce brought
by Captain John Madden, U. S. A.,
Judge Hebbard has continued the
matter for thirty days from to-day.
Mrs. Madden claims that she needs
the extra, time in which to prepare
and file her answer to her husband's
complaint t
School Board's Demurrer Argued.
Judge Hunt heard argument yester
day on a demurrer to the petition of
James B. SlcSheehy for a writ of man
date compelling the Board of Educa
tion to approve .his warrant for his
salary as inspector of schoolhouses.
He will decide the case within a few
days. The suit is the result of a quar
rel over patronage between the School
Board and the Board of Public Works.
The last named board appointed Mc-
Sheehy and the School Board refused
to countenance its action on the
ground that the Board , of Public
Works had no power to appoint any
one for service in the School Depart
ment.
Ex-Chief Justice Wins Case.
Justice of the Peace Dunn yester
day gave judgment for $168 in favor
of John Currey, who sued William
O'Dea for the amount on a promissory
note. Currey many years ago was
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of
California and is now practicing law
in this citv.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Look at the Brand I
WalterBaker's
Cocoa and
Chocolate
The FINEST in the World
Costs Less than One- Cent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker & Go. Ltd.
Etched mo Dorchester. Mass.
Always. Remember the' Pall JNfme
| axative Rromo QTstnme
JCnrc6aCo!dinOneDay, Cnp in 2 Days
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CAREER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must bear
Fac-simile Signature of /^Lw^^f
i|gjj|j||?|pp Ab-.oiu:.iy Cure W^A « ■" " tiaiifcai
SALLOW SKIN.
VAIIAI . 0 I \m Jfca B=7 Small Ooj*
Th«y TOUCH the La I tf 1E» Ft lm.1l Prlc*
Genuin» Wrapper Printed on —'
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA i^S
Lait Three Performances!
LOUIS raEDEBICK
JAMES and WARDE
MATINEE TO-DAT
JULIUS CAESAR
To-night MACBETH
Sunday NI B ht JULIUS CAESAR
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
DENMAN THOMPSON (HXMS2TL7) ZH
THE OLD HOMESTEAD
CALIFORNIA
>«?8..3iAST TIMS TO-WXGHT..J^^
| DEVIL'S AUCTION |
a NEW SCENIC MAKVBX3. gj
0 And the following: great features : fc|
H The Famous Onri Family, If
k! The Four SaUmonskys. [*|
1,1 Slgnorina Elena Rossi, j \\
H Frauletn Prnrer, H
B The Bonelesa Herman, **
BAnd the Imperial Dandne Troupe. 0
BRING THE CHILDREN TO-DAT. jj j
a To-morrow — The Successful Melodrama, M
B "HUMAN" HEARTS." J
SPECIAL MATINEE WASHINGTON'S
BIRTHDAY.
ASTOUNDING VAUDEVILLE!
BIGHT VASSAR GIRLS
Werner- AmorcB Troupe; Harry Thorn-
ton and Orpbenm Motion Picture*,
taat times of Ziska and Kin?; Billy
B. 'Van, Kose Beaumont and Company;
Thome and Carletoa; Snyder and
Buckley and Bice and Elmer.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 25c
and COc.
MATINEE TO«DAY AT 2 SHARP.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
WEBER and FIELDS
ALL-STAR STOCK COMPANY— Presenting
\A/HOOF»-DEE-DOO
AND BURLESQUE OF
CATHERINE
PRICES—??, Jl E0, $1. 75c and COc.
0PENIN6 MONDAY w SSfy f> MATINEE
THOMAS J. SMITH, the Younic Irish Singing
Comedian, In "THE GAME KEEPER."
SIS for Saturday," where shall you «ro?
ee "Roly Poly," 'tis Fischer's beat show.
So says everybody In town.
ROLY ROLY
The one perfect musical comedy, with flftjr
actual features.
Our "All-Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL.
JOHN PEACHEY. . ,
BEN T. DILLON.
ALLEN CURTIS.
HELEN RUSSELL.
NELLIE LYNCH.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 23c and 50c.
Next Attraction. "THE ROUNDERS."
SPECIAL MATINEE MONDAY— Washington's
Birthday.
AN EXCURSION
TO VIEW THE DAILY PRACTICE
Submarine Boats
. ' Off Red Rock, on
Washington's Birthday, Feb,22, 1904
S. P. STEAMER BERKELEY
V Will leave Pier 1 at 1 p. m.
§ Tickets >1 round trip.
Steamer DONAHUE. North Shore R. R.
will leave Tiburon ferry slip 1 p. m. Tickets
(limited to 3UO). including luncheon. $3.
Racing !pll^ Racing!
EVERY WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINS.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY OUR
INGLESIDE TRACK
Commencing MONDAY. February L.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. Sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
Train leaves Third and Townsead streets at
1:13 p. m. and leaves the track Immediately
after the last race. No smoking In Ust two
cars, which ara reserved for ladle* aad their
•acorts.
THOMAS H- WILLIAMS. Preud.nc .
PBRCY W TREAT. 8»CT«tary. .
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
POLO AITS POST RACINO AT E0TSLDSL K0NTS
Every day up to and Including Monday. Feb-
ruary 22. under auspices of
1 tliioTB.it Polu tod Post Racing Auorit ion.
Rough Riders From .the Army Participating.
Special round-trip railroad rate good until
Tuesday next, $4.50. ' Special round-trip rate.
Including board at Hotel Del Monte, good any
train Saturday or Sunday and returning Mon-
day. $10. A great opportunity to see the sport
and .enjoy a rest over Washington's birthday
at this famous resort. .
AMUSEMENTS.
— .
a If £-* a f-W a "f-\ Belavco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR iifsss
General Manager.
To-Niffht — Mats. To-Bay and Sunday.
EXCITING GREAT ENTHUSIASM.
Belasco it De M tile's Ffeinoua Play.
THE CHARITY BALL
Ergs.. 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun., 25c to .*.<>c.
NEXT MONDAY — Opening with Special
MATINEE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
First Stoch Production of
THE WRONG
MR. WRIGHT
George H. Uroadhurst's Farcical Comedy.
In Active Preparation— PARSIFAL*
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
•MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
THE MEN OF
JIMTOWN
| • A Thrilline Tale of the Cherokee Strip.
pnircC Evenings 10c to 50o
iniWLJ Matinees 10c. l.V. 25c
OPENING MONDAY (Washington's Birthday >
MATINEE,
TEE KING OP THE OPIUM KINO.
t I V ULI HOUSE.
MATINEE TO-PAY AT 2:15.
Special Matinee Washington's Birthday.
ONLY NINE MOSS NIGHTS 07
ll When Johnny fe
Comes Marching Home
SECURE FEATS IN ADVANCE.
Monday. Teh. 29 — THE CnrPSTT BAEO5.
Usual Popular Pries 25c. COc and 75c
Box Seats tLOO
KELLY AND YIOLETTE, IRYIH3' JONES
..~.Ain) A GEEAT SHOW™..
Every Afternoon and Evening la th»
Heated Theater.
AMEPICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
FIREWORKS iviONDAY NIGHT
In Honor of Washington's Birthday.
Admission. . I0< : Children. 5c.
When Phonln*. Aak for "The Chutea."
•M-Tgrrrrr.T. a -wt-ottr AMUSEMENTS.
THE GREAT PRIMA DONNA.
LYRIC HALL
Last Concert This Afternoon at 3 O'Chck
SEATS— $1 CO. $1 50 AND 12 CO. AT SHEK-
MAN. CLAY Sc CO.' a
To-Morrow Afternoon at 3
Second Ktipla Mansfeldt Pep.
THE KILTIES
THE 6REAT SCOTCH BAND OF 40
WITH SINGERS. DANCERS and PIPERS
ALHAMBRA THEATER
COMMENCING NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT
Seats, $1, 75c, 5Cc. Children, 25c.
At Sherman, Clay A Co.'s.
. EXCURSION TO NAPA.
Recollect that the weather Is delightful la
Napa when It is cloudy tn San Francisco
Steamer ST. HELENA
Will leave
WASHINGTON-ST. WHARF,
Pier 3. at 1<> a. m .
SUNDAY. FEB. 21.
Rain or ?hine.
TICKETS, round trip. 50 rents.
Stop two hours at Napa. Good music. R*»
freshments on board steamer.
Pfliarp' DOirr FAIL T0
laiaWW 8ee the beautiful
V ' COURT Lounging
flflfl room, tha EMPIRE
dim PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, tha
liniHfl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ and tht LA .
fj J 1 DIES' WRITINO
I Hotels room.
Every Woman
IM^\xWh MARVEL WhirGog Spray
V^V^C^VT-SigNw e3t— Mort ConTenlent.
MARVEL. aci-eH no \» • 'J-ijrfSSsr-^
otter, tmt send stamp for B- \\ £ wr 'Mfaf
tnstnted book-«»«^Jt glre« V\ / 1^* r
full partleolsr* aad direetsonntn- «-v / /m ,
valuable to ladies. JIABTELCOm **]~ : K'!qW
Time* Buildinc New Tork. J
910
CARDINAL BALL PLAYERS AND TRACKMEN IN TRAINING
FAST GREYHOUNDS
READY FOR SLIPS
Champions of the Sward Will
Compete at Union Coursing
Park in Two Notable Events
The sreaic5t events of the year in
coursing circles will be the two big
meets at Union Coursing Park on to
morrow and Monday. Devotees of the
game will journey to this city from all
pans of the State, and high-class
hounds from norths south, east and
west will comr>cte for honors in the
two big stakes— the Boll Brandon chal
lenge cup stake and the California
Plate sUke.
The entry list for the two stakes are
just double that of last year and hence
there will be at least double the inter
est. The occasion will be the eighth
annual revival at Union Park. When
the first stake vas run here eight dogs
were entered for the Belle Brandon
cup. This number has steadily in
creased, till now thirty-six young
hounds are entered for honors.
Not one of these puppies has ever
been slipped before, so it can easily be
imagined how they will be watched
when thjy get into the running for
the first rune. Every one of the young
sters is highly bred and carefully
trained and no doubt the meeting will
bring out some likely candidates for
championship honors.
The California Plate event will 1>«
a BQtewortby affair. All the hounds
that will be slipped arc stake win
ners man;- times over. After the first
round of this stake has.boen decided
there is sure to bo a battle royal be
tween the remaining dogs and* every
one of them stands a splendid chance
of getting away v.-ith the honors and"
the valuable cup Rrhicfa former Mayor
James D. Phelan offers to the Winner.
The hounds from Sacramento will be
headliners in the event. In fact, they
arc already doped to be in the running
rear the last. Arrons the Capital city
performers are Sacramento Boy, twice
winner of the John Grace challenge
cup; Pocatelli. the present American
champion; Tillie 11, Barge, Quita and
Silver Heels.
There are also some very fast ones
from the local fields. Among these are
Full Moon, Liberator, Mount Ro«e
Palo Alto, Real Article, Haphazard
Richard Anton. Cloverdale. Tralee Boy,
Vandal and Liberator. Such an arFay
of talent from San Francisco is prom
ising and the wise ones look to these
dogs to do some startling work.
From Los Angeles come Lost Chord,
Charta Member. Galveston and Tom
King. Each of these is a fast one and
due to run In good form. Lost Chord
was the runner up of the John Grace
challenge cup of 1902 and the other
three have all made good records on
the local sward as well as at home
The only notable entry from Stockton
is Dr. Clark's L. L. C. Just what he
will do remains to be seen, but he is
touted as a wonder.
There are sixteen fast Eastern dogs
entered In the Ftake. The most notable
of these is Lord Brazen, acknowledged
to be the fastest of the whole lot.
Then there are Advertiser, Bill Dugan
and Bardoot Boy. all from the same
kennel, and all well known to the devo
tees of the game in this city.
Joe Pasha and Crawford Belle should
make a cood showing, as should Celtic
J. E. H. and Rolla Wells. Charming
Thought, Cloudburst and Comstock are
looked upon as likely ones from the
Middle West. Texas Betty and Texas
Hoo Hoo have been doped to remain
with the last four dogs fn the stake
if they are In condition for the run
The initial round of the Belle Bran
don cup will b« run down first. Then
the California Plate is to be decided,
and on Monday a consolation stake of
thirty-two doss will be run off, after
■w-hjeh the Belle Brandon cup stake will
be i completed. Trains will leave on
Eunday at 10:15 and 11, a. m., 12 m. and
BOWLERS GETTING
READY FOR PLAY
Great Sport Is Expected When
the Big Tournament on the
Green Commences in April
The quarterly meeting of the San
Francisco Scottish Bowling Club, held
Thursday night, was not as well at
tended as was rtcpected, considering the
importance of the business transacted.
Much was accomplished at the meet
ing and work was planned for the next
six months to come.
Arrangements for both the* singles
and doubles tournaments were com
pleted and the time limits of the differ
ent rounds of each fixed. The draw
ing for the singles was held at the pre
vious meeting. In the preliminary
round there will be twenty-eight
matches. They must be completed by
May 14. The green will be opened on
April 1. The other rounds will close on
the following dates:
First round (thirty-two matches).
June "5.
Second round (sixteen matches), July
Third round (eight matches), Aug
ust 12.
Fourth round (four, matches), Aug
ust 27.
Fifth round (two matches), Septem
ber 10.
Finals, September 17,
Thirty-six of the best players in the
club entered the first doubles tourna
ment. Partners ■ were drawn by lot.
and in many rases the best players
drew together. Xos. 1 and 2 out of the
hat play together against Xos. 3 and 4,
and so on.
On paper the best team, and there
fore the one most likely to win, is J. C.
Moffatt and Andrew Foreman. Moffatt
is the present champion and Foreman
is rated one- of the best players.- Such
teams as Jchn Duncan and M. L.
Crowe, J. Stott and J. McLaren. J.
Webster and (1. C. Patterson. and. Y. C.
Lav. son and W. C Craig are considered
by many to be fully as strong as Mof
latt and Foreman.
This event, like the singles, will be
commenced on April 1. There will be
two matches in the preliminary round
and eight in the first. Owing to the
size of these events they will probably
lie the only ones played during the
summer. Others v,iil be arranged for
the fall. . ■ ■
J. C. Moffatt, the winner of the last
singles tournament, was presented. with
an elegant pair of silver-mounted
bowls. They are made of .. the finest
kind of wood and have the regulation
No. 2 bias. The question of bias and
stamping the balls that come up to the
requirement was discussed at length
Thursday night. " " :
All the bowls must be of No. 3 bias,
the only one recognized by ! the big
clubs in Scotland. When, a bowl has
been tested and is passed a small, T,
standing for tested, surrounded by an
arrow or some other emblem- to be de
termined upon by. the -bowls committee,
will be stamped on It.
1 p. m., and on Monday 10:15 a. m. and
1 p. m. Following is a list of the like
ly winners in' both stakes:-
Belle Brandon challenge cup stake —
Secretive, Good as Gold, Flower Girl.
Rory Avick, Donnybrook, Walt for Me,
JJttle Freda. The Duke, Menlo Queen,
Frank C. Bright Future, Free.Erin, Son
of Erin. R W, Young Tommy R. Young
Kerry Pippin. Kokoma. .
California Plate stake — Silver Heels,
Rector. Tillie . R, Barge, Sacramento
Boy. Advertiser, Barefoot r Boy, Fair
Tralee, Renegade Apache, Rocker Arm,
Real Article, Pocatelli, Charts. Member,'
Haphazard, Palo Alto, Ragtime. Reta
S. The Rcferc-e,. v Cubanola. J. E|H2 Sea
rion. Boots, Cloverdale.' Tom'King, Lost
Chord, Galveston,- Bill • Dugan, Full
moon, Rolla Wells,. Lord Brazen, Liber
ator.
THE; SAN: FRANCISCO : CALL,., SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 20, 1901.
PLAYERS OF GOLF
IN BOGIE EVENT
Handicaps for Men and Women
Will Take Place on 3Ionday
at the San Rafael Links
During the coming three days many
golfers will be in evidence on the Pre
sidio links. This afternoon there will
be a handicap over eighteen holes
against bogie for the men of the San
Francisco Golf Club, first and second
prizes being offered.
On Washington's birthday there will
be a qualifying round over eighteen
holes, medal play, with handicap, the
sixteen players who return the lowest
scores being entitled to enter the
match play. Each round of tlae match
play must be competed within four
days- and the < two contestants who
reach the final round will receive
prizes.
The gayeties of the winter season
being now over, the ladies bf the Sail
Francisco Golf Club .will have more
time to devote to the link.s. Since. the
beginning of the year the competitions
set down on the schedule have fallen
through for lack of entries, but on
Tuesday morning,- beginning at 9:30,
the members of the Ladies' Annex will
hold a handicap over eighteen holes.
On Washington's birthday there will,
be competitions for men and women
on the links of the San Rafael Golf
Club. Beginning at 0 iu the morning
there will be a" competition over
eighteen holes, with handicap, for the
men, and, beginning at 10, the ladies
will hold a handicap over nine holes
and a putting contest.
II seems likely that the homc-and
home matches that have been held for
some .seasons past between teamV of
men representing the Sun Francisco
and Oakland Golf clubs> will not take
place this season. The first of these
thirty-six-hole matches, eighteen on
one of the courses and eighteen on the
other, usually has taken place in De
cember or not later than : : January,
while the second match has been
played early in April. v
If the team of th-s same club won
both matches the interclub trophy be
came the properly of the winhing'club,
but if each team won one match a de
ciding match, tjoiieluded in one -day,,
was played on neutral .--links.' On the
two occasions- on /which a deciding
match has. been necessary it: has been
played on the Burlingame . Country
Club course. \ v
.At present the 'Oakland golfers are
hardly in a position to enter into a
match, as their course at Adams Point
has been seriously curtailed and their
new country- club "course is not yet
ready for use. It might, however, be
possible to arrange for a match or a
number of matches, each taking up
one day, on a neutral couse and it is
to be hoped that this may be done. "
Many of the golf courses around
London, England, have suffered great
ly ! from the-,. long continued wet
weather, alternating with". frosts. The
fair greens are scarred in all directions
and the putting greens havebeen worn
almost " bare .-«f grass. Mild weather
coming after .a" speir of frost is very
destructive, to a golf course, 1 for then
the- surface is softened, "while -the
ground beneath remains hard. -
It has been.suggested that "It would
be well worth .while under
slances like these to abstain from'play
for two or three days, but itis doubt
ful whether .the members ..would con
sent to do it. .:; - -.-•;.■ ;
" _; No; game, except billiards, tests the
nerve so severely sifi golf. .. Some:play
ers become irritated at an inattentive
caddie or are put off .their game by the
lucky chances : that "happen to "their,
opponent; An English golf 'writer sug
gests that it is a good ■ plan firmly; to
repress all outward "marks of annoy
ance and so. to : ' strengthen -the nerve
by the ■, exercise ; of self-control. 'The
player who loses.one hole should set
himself deliberately to win the"next.''
RACKET WELDERS
TO BE KEPT BUSY
Three Big Tournaments.: Will
Engage the Attention of the
Tennis Players About Bay
The next three days "will be lively
ones for the racket wielders of the
bay counties. Tournaments- will be
held in San .Francisco, Oakland and
San Mateo. The event in which the
most interest centers is the one for the
championship of Alameda County. At
San Mateo there will be an invitational
mixed doubles on Monday, given by
Miss Jewell on the Hotel Mateo courts.
There is a handicap, doubles scheduled
to be played on the California Ciub
courts on Washington's birthday. The
fourth class players will complete their
tournament to-morrow at the park.
The Alameda County championship
tournaments are enhanced in both im
portance and interest by the fact that
for the first time they are "open."
Heretofore only residents of the coun
ty have been allowed to compete. All
the cracks from this side of the bay
have entered both singles and doubles
and some great tennis will result.
Such men as Druminond MacGavin,
WiJl Alien, the Bakers and Murdock
brothers and R. Variel will furnish
high-class matches. <
All the clubs across the bay- have
joined forces and the tournaments this
year will be more successful than any
of the kind held'in the past.
. The great revival across the bay is
very pleasing to the players on this
side., Alameda County ten years ago
turned out many champion players,
amorifc • . them being the Xeal and
Hardy brothers and Charles Hubbard.
During the last few years the game
has not prospered across the bay.
There are now about six clubs in Ala
meda. County, and .the game is more
popular Uiaii ever. It wag certainly
a wise. move when the tournaments
were thrown open to. all comers. The
presence of the cracks from thfa side
of. the bay will help the sport greatly.
As soon as the clubs across the bay
join the Pacific States Lawn Tennis
Association arrangements will be made
for annual tournaments for the cham
pionship of the bay counties. There
are probably fifty clubs in the State,
but the only ones'. in 'the. association
and therefore the only ones with the
right to hold championship . tourna
ments are the California and Golden
gate clubs of San Francisco.. I
Despite the fact that Southern Cali
fornia has carried off the coast cham
pionship for* the last two years, none
of the clubs down south belong. to the
association. There are many more
players in the State -to-day than ever
before and all that is lacking is a lit
tle organization. '
The San Mateo tournament is. a pri
vate and more or. less: of a social af
fair. Ray Splivalo and Werner. Stauf,
t\\o prominent members of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club, .will": compete. Miss
Ellen Page of j the same, club is the
cnampion of San Mateo County. With
her in the tournament are entered Miss
Beatrice Splivelo. Miss ; Cornell; Miss
Jewell, Miss.Boyd and Miss C. 1 'Moves.
,W. ; Moore and A. Selby will - be ' among
the entries. . ' ? \
The handicapi singles : tournament
commenced by the women of! the Gold
en Gate Club : Annex will.be, completed
this .afternoon at the .park. / In the
finals Mies Mabel Hotchkissv will meet
the winner of .the match between -Miss
Ethel Ratcliffe and Miss Lulu-Wegener.
Miss Ratcliffe .has wpn the ■ cup awice
and the other. two players will da their
utmost to keep her from gaining a" third
and last victory. '.
Miss Hotchkiss has won the trophy
once. "She and Miss Ratcliffe are 15 3-6
behind scratch. Miss Wegener' is 15
above- scratch, and with these' odds will
be hard for theothertwo to beat:
Several matches were 'played by the
fourth.class men at the park last Sun
day. This class will - be - finished to-
THREE MEMBERS OF STANFORD
BASEBALL TEAM OF WHOM CAR
DINALS ADMIRERS EXPECT MUCH.
VARSITY TOSSERS
NOT YET IN FORM
Stanford Men Seem Unable to
Acquire Snap and Ginger
•in Their Preliminary Practice
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 19.
— Although the cardinal nine has been
on the diamond for a month, its work
the past -week has not been encourag
ing:. Many of the players get in the
game in a listless, careless fashion* that
does not augur well for a perfected
team. The fielding has been ragged,
but not perhaps so bad as the base
running.
In spite of Coach Doyle's admonition
to "watch the ball," the men while
on bases frequently become careless
and overlook chances to advance. This
was particularly noticeable in the
twelve inning tie game played with
Santa Clara Thursday. If the varsity
players had run bases as well as the
Santa Clarans did the game would not
have been a tie.
Sales, '06, has been doing most of the
pitching up to this time owing to the
fact that Tritch, who occupied the box
in the second game against Berkeley
last year, has been troubled with a
sore arm. Sales proved very effective
in the last game with Santa Clara and
has ke*pt up a remarkable batting rec
ord. Until Thursday he' had batted
"1000" in the scheduled games, and in
the game that day his record was three
hits out of four times up.
The varsity lines up at present as
follows: Ball, catcher: Sales, Tritch
and Roosevelt, pitchers; Blake, Mat
thews and Moore, first base; Williams,
second base; Trowbridge, shortstop;
Swain, third base; Stott.' right field;
Wirt. center field; Chalmers, left fiefrd.
Whether or not this will be the per
manent organization is purely a matter
of conjecture. Coach Doyle is trying
out all the candidates thoroughly in
an endeavor to get the best possible
combinatiqn.
Trainer Moulton is well satisfied with
the outlook on the track, but to the
average observer conditions are nc/t so
favorable for a Stanford victory as a
cardinal enthusiast could wish. Stan
ford's losses have been very great,
while her gains from this year's fresh
men class have not been commensurate
with Berkeley's.
Of Stanford's sure point winners there
remain in college the following: Hyde,
in the shot-juu; Dunn and Crc-33man.
in the quarter mile; Captain Holman,
in the mile: Dole -and Beach, in the
pole vault, and Bell In the high jump.
However, "Dad" Moulton thinks he
has the material from which to de
velop a victorious team, and the Stan
ford rooters are confident that if it is
possible to bring forth such a team
"Dad" will develop it.
COLLEGE 31EX WILL MEI'Tl'
SOLDIKKS OX BALft. FIELD
Fast Game Is Expected When' Rival
Nines Clash «on Presidio Dia
mond Tliis Afternoon.
Joe Wagner's all-star soldier ball
team will line up against a picked nine
from the alumni of the University of
California and Stanford at the Presidio
athletic grounds this afternoon at
2:30. If nothing happens the game
should certainly prove to be the best
amateur struggle that has taken place
in this city for a long tim*. for each
team is made up of players who have
starred on many nines throughout ths
State.
The soldier boys will pin their faith
to Forsyth nnd Conrad, the crack bat
tery of the Presidio team. Those men
have been doing great work for the
men in blue since the team was or
ganized and have made a wonderful
record. Overall, the noted athlete
from Berkeley, will probably pitch for
the college men, or if he is unable to
appear, Parker, formerly of Stanford,
will do the slab work. Reed, the for
mer Harvard fullback and catcher,
will play behind the bat.
Following is the line-up:
Bjrkeley-
Presidlo. • Positions. Stanford.
Conrad Catcher •. Held
Forsyth Pitcher.. Overall or Parker
Hallihan First base Nealon
Douglass. Second base Elston
Fair Third base Webber
Raymond... Shortstop JanslnR
Lamb Left field Hamlin
Cameron Right field Hoas
Cusaclc Center field Morse
morrow. The other three classes will
be played the following Sunday.
. It is more than likely that the Cali
fornia Club tournament set for Mon
day will be- postponed. Several of the
prominent club players have entered
the tournaments across the bay. If
the two conflict the local event will
projjably go ever.
CarrNeal, formerly one of the best
players In the United States, has played
nt the California Club courts several
times during the week. Mr. Neal made
a. better showing in the East than any
other Calif ornian." He won, the West
ern championship about ten years ago.
The number of entries for the Ala
meda County championship singles was
much larger than was expected. Forty
eight of the best players from both
sides of the bay will meet to-day, to
morrow and Monday.
The drawing is as follows:
Preliminary round— F. Webster vs. R. Gor
rlll,""CY Gardner vs. C. McDuffle, Guy Lytton
vs. W. F. Adams; J. Lewis vs. P. Carlton,
George Baker- vs. "C. ■ Fotey; G. Jones' vs. H
Arnold, j J. D. MacGavin vs. G. Fink, O. J.
Howell vs. R. Variel. C. Griffin vs. E. Ames
H. Long vs. C. H. Brabaut. H. Murdock vs.
W. Millwain, L. Talcot Vs. *H. Palmer, E. Fln
negan vs. .J., Brady, R. B.- Heath vs. F. Newell.
J. A. Code vs. Percy Murdock, N. Baker vs
M.' Sherrard. . . • ■ •■,-- 'Vx
First round (upper half) — W. Foster vs. H.
A .. Biddle. G. .Bates vs. C. Wayne. H. Med
craft vs. W, Porter, R. H. Smilie vs.- C. Dun
lap. .—-:■ -■ . : ■
-First round flower half) — N. Ambrose vs. S.
GayneKs, F. - Turner vs. A. Haynes. W. Cook
vs. J..V. Francis, E.' Otis' vs. R. Parr. '
INITIAL MEETING
OF CRACK TEAMS
Alaincda Vampires, AVho Stand
at Head of League, Will Play
the Unbeaten Thistle Eleven
At Idora Park, Oakland, this after
noon the Saturday Hornets will play
a friendly game of association football
against the Seamen's Institute of San
Francisco. The ball will be kicked off
at 3 o'clock.
To-morrow two at the games for the
championship of the California Asso
[ ciation Football League that were post
| poned on account of the wetness of
the weather will be played, on the Pre
sidio Athletic Grounds. The Independ
ents of San Francisco, who defeated
the Albion Rovers of Oakland last Sun
day In a league match, will meet them
again. The ball will be kicked off at
1 p. m., and Hugh Williamson has been
selected as referee.
"The teams will line up in the follow
ing order:
Albion Kovera. Position?. r Independents.
Hosford.'. Goalkeeper Forbos
John I^ert Back Lynch
Glltchrest Right Back .... Armstrong
Bayno Lett Halfback Walsh
Mat hies. >n Center Halfback Jlechels
Lancaster Right Halfback Nolan
Bradley Outside Loft Ru.sseU
Duquc:ne Inside Left E. Kay
Taylor. « 'enter Forward Watt
Tweedle Inside Ri*ht T. Fay
Uoodlet Outside Ilight Kills
At 3 o'clock, on the Presidio Athletic
Grounds, the ball will be kicked off
! for the most interesting match of the
I season between the Vampires of Ala
* meda, who stand at the head of the
table of results for the championship
of the California Association Football
League, and the Thistles of San Fran
cisco, who, having played fewer games,
are only one po-int behind the leaders
and have never been beaten. The ref
eree will be C. W. Irish. The match I
is expected to attract a large crowd
; of lovers of the game and the profits
from the sale of tickets will be for the
benefit of the funds of the league.
Alrth. the Vampire goalkeeper, .was '■
absent from his place in the field last i
Sunday, but will defend the goal to
morrow. The two crack teams will be
on their mettle and will play the best
game of which they are capable. They
will line up in the following order:
Thistles. Positions. Vampires.
Lowe. Goalkeeper Airth
Tierney Left Back Petsrsen
Forre-st RiRht Back Theberge
Taylor I>elt Halfback Harwocd
Duncan Center Halfback Turner
McGreror Right Halfback G'.arner
A. Dls^er Outside Left- ....Lees
T. Dls-her Inside. Left Kay
T. S. Lydon..-.. Center Forward.:... .Wildinic
J. Smith InsMe Right ...".... .Showell
R. DIsher Outside Right Buchly
The standing of the clubs for the
championship of the" league is shown
in the table: S""' '^'
Standing of Association footbaiV clubs Feb
ruary 20:
. - _ '
I Matches. Goals. 2. j
CLUES. " "• I ■ g I* § |j J f
. ; — _! — i — 1i.i_"i.1_i.i_ .*_!_"
Vampires j ll! g| ,i| ;J 3t 5 ,^
Thistles 0. "8 o! l 52 V> K
Independents ... 10 7 ui \\ X4 m 11
Albion Rovers 11 ..::..«{. -n 1- •>••; « j
Occidentals 12 ol ei «[ i» T'\ « •
Oakland Hornets.... - f>{ l «!;•>• «! •»!". ,
Pickwicks 10! 1 .7! d 12 i" 4
The second match in the opening
round for the California Association
football challenge cup will be played
on Sunday. February 28, between the
Oakland Hornets and the Occidentals.
One match has already been .played
in the opening round, the Thistles hav
ing beaten the" Pickwicks on Sunday,
January, 3. On Sunday. March 6, a
third match between the Vampires and
the Independents will complete the first
round, the Albion Rovers having drawn
the bye.
". On Monday, February 22, there ' will
DOLPHINS READY
FOR ACTIVE WORK
North Beach Rowing- Clnb Will
Pick Crews of Four - Oared
Barges for March Regatta
Oarsmen and members of the Dolphin
Swimming and Boating Club are look
ing forward to an active season.
Though the membership roll was ex
tended by the creation of twenty va
cancies, only five or six of these now
remain, and there will soon be a wait
ing list of candidates for membership.
The boats are being put into shape,
the barge Arion having been painted
white with blue ornamentation, so that
she is now one of the prettiest craft
en the bay.
It is expected that many members
will visit the clubhouse on Sundays
and holidays. A club regatta, for
which any member may enter, will be
held on March 20. For the barge races
four ef the most skillful oarsmen of
the club will be selected and will pick
crews. There will be two preliminary
races and a final, the members of the
winning crew receiving medals pre
sented by the club. The crews will be
made as even in strength as possible,
so as to increase the interest in the
event.
The club will purchase two additional
outrigged skiffs and sculling races will
be held among the members. At the
next regular meeting of members the
question of buying: a new four-oared
racing barge will be decided.
The South End Rowing Club, which
has been in a quiescent condition for
some time, is beginning to show signs
of life and expects to have its new
house on the site next to the Ariel
boathouse ready for use In a short
time. When the boats and other club
property are housed in the new quar
ters crews will be formed and regular
practice will begin.
Grand Jury InvesUsates.
The Grand Jury examined several
witnesses regarding a complaint filed
by Mrs. Carrie Frey that she had been
swindled in a half interest transaction
by J. D. Bales. Mrs. Frey had previ
ously sued Bales for the return of
part of the money paid for a business
agency, but Judgment was given
against her by Justice of the Peace
Lawson. who found that the transac
tion was perfectly honest. The Grand
Jury took no action regarding the
bringing of an indictment, as it de
sires to hear from the complaining
witness, who is out of town.
Proceedinss Are Stayed.
The Supreme Court haa issued an
order restraining the Recorder's Court
of Pomona from proceeding further in
the case of P. J. Denninger. The de
fendant i3 charged with violating a
city ordinance in enlarging more than
the fixed legal rate for ga,s. The Su
preme Court will render an opinion in
the matter which will settle the ques
tion as to the extent of authority of
Board of Supervisors in fixing rates to
be charged by companies supplying
artificial light.
be some friendly games, and one of
the postponed contests for the cham
pionship of Vhe league will be played
on the Presidio Athletic Grc-und3. The
contesting. elevens will be the Thistles
and the Oakland Kornets. A. W. Wild
ing of the Vampires will be the referee
and the ball will be kicked oft at Z
o'clock. The players will occupy the
following positions:
Oak. Hornets. Positions. Thistle*.
Williamson Goalkeeper Low*
Holland -Loft Back Tierney
Morrison RiRht Back .........Forrest
Hunter Left Halfback Taylor
i r. ambers --Center Halfback Duncan
5 lr _? Right Halfback McGregor
Podmr>re Outside Left ••...'..: A. DIsher
Cowell •• InajJe Left T. Dlah-r
SJlan<1 : Onter Forward..T. 8. Lydon
McKenzie ...... ir.M« P.Uhr 3. Smith
Kwbanks Outside Right..... R. DisbarSPORTS OF THE POLO FIELD, PRIZERING AND RACECOURSE
ANANIAS, QUOTED AT 20 TO 1,
BEATEN A NOSE BY DAINTY
Outburst Drops In,
a Neglected Out
sider.-
Walter Jennings' very clever mare
.Dainty- snatched the six-furlong handi
cap from Ananias, a 20 to 1 shot, by the
•narrowest of margins at Inglesiiie yes
. terday. Dainty, carrying HO pounds
and coupled with her stable companion
Arabo, had first call in the betting:.
Princess Titania opened equal favorite
• with the Jennings pair, receding later
to 16 to 5. Ananias had only 93 pounds
to handle and Frankie Reed lost no
.time in getting out in front with the
; colt, the field racing well bunched be
hind him. It looked as if the outsider
would land, but in the last few strides
Jack Martin got up with Dainty. gain-
Ing a nose decision. See, on Princess
Titania, made a botchy job of it. finish
ing third, two and a half lengths away.
San Nicholas was prominent to the
etrctch and then faded away.
The track was still slow, accounting
for the ordinary time made in the dif
ferent events. 4 Five more favorites
vere turned down, the handicap win
ner being the only successful public
choicfe.
Willie See made a late ride- with!
Hrennus, favorite for the first event,
losing to Charley McCafferty's Flaneur
in a head finish. Flaneur was second
choice in the ring and led from the
" rtart. See apparently figured on hav
ing more up his sleeve than he really
possessed, and Bonner. astride the win
ner, fooled him. Dusty Miller, an 8 to
1 shot, finished third.
If Golden Idol is going to continue
running out the entry of Dr. Rowells
youngster should be refused until cured
of the habit. It is not right to have
the public's money burned up as it was
yesterday. There were c-nly five start
ers, and Golden Idol opened a 7 to 10
chance, with 9 to 10 later on obtainable.
As usual, he ran out on the stretch
turn and Daly took matters so calmly
that Bullman on Bcse Eley picked up
the lead there. Although pounds the
feest. Idol ran third, Bose Eley beating
Edgecliff more than a length.
Young Morello w..s installed a mild
favorite over the cheap bunch starting
in the five and a half furlong run fol
lowing, and. weakly ridden by Travers,
finished fourth. The winner turned up
in Modder. a 4^= to 1 chance, piloted by
Stuart, which passed the pace maker.
Rustic Girl, in the run home, scoring
by a length. Dr. Sherman, a 10 to 1
shot, ran into the show.
• Travers did much better with Har
bor in the second six-furlong selling
affair. He avoided the early pace on
the back stretch, and then getting
through on the rail on the bend for
thp wire took the lead from Riesca.
At the finish Travers was kept very
busy, for See came with a rush on the ;
outside with the favorite Hulford, only
losing the decision by a head. The
shc-w went to Riesca.
It almost looked as if Ulloa had
been tna.de the caucus nominee, so hot
a tip was the mare for the closing
mile selling recital. An S to 5 favor
' ite. Banner succeeded in getting her
lost in the discard. Outburst, a 15 to
1 shot, with See in the saddle.
.skimmed away in the lead and was
not headed, winning by four open
lengths. Emily Oliver downed Elmer
L for the place.
N'OTES OF TIIK TRACK.
This -will be the closing day of the
season at Ingleside. Racing will be re
sumed at Oakland on Monday, with
the California Derby as the star at
traction. Entries for Monday's events
■rill close at both tracks tfc-day at 11
o'clock.
Hulford was claimed from the fifth
race by Dr. Rowell, owner of Harbor.
Later in the day Harry Stover got his
three-year-old back without paying
any advance.
A $1000 handicap at one mile, for
which the crack mare, Gold Money,
will be one of the starters, is the fea
ture event of the card this afternoon.
Dell Fountain has purchased the
contract held on the services of Van
derbout and v.ill endeavor to make a
rider out of the young man.
Willie Knapp will not j?o to Little
Hoc k with Parker & Thwaites. His
father purchased the contract held on
the youngster's services from the Spo
kane firm yesterday.
George E. Smith (Pittsburg Phil),
the widely known Eastern turfman,
■wus a spectator at the track yester
day. He had a bet down on the first
two winners. So much has been writ
ten at different times of Pittr.burg Phil
that it is almost superfluous to add
i hut he is the most successful plunger
the turf of this country has ever pro
duced.
ENTRIES FOU TO-DAY.
First race — Five and a half furlongs; four
ypar-olds and up; celling:
ctmti »«ue Jcfciuwi « Winter) wi
tlOO »Dr. Sherman (White) 10.1
«1<*« nat'dor «Ki«»> 104
refrtV?)»Prucv.ood filcAlliFtor Sz Co.) 10X
CS1Z2 Sktp Mo f Madison *i Co.) JiW
. &S70 Theodore L <Srnlth) 10*.!
<«Mt Oodd'*s cf Night <Pnrks) 10(1
«Xj78 «n«rn'tlan Prints (Ollourke). .sn. . .101
C«)Si> Adnor «Jon«-») U*»
COTS 'Quiz IX « McCaffwty) 108
&a*J0 Lou Clievedea <McL>owcll) '...MX]
" Second rare — Three nni a half fuflong?;
n.:-. :• r. two-y«:ar-o!d«; purse:
«F7.'» Onondulum <MiIlen IOC,
C0i7 Tar IJaby <San Joaquin Stable) I<W
.... San Jose {Summers) IIS
Yo Kl Hey— Nelhe K.
GCS3 George P. MrNVar < if lover) 10O
.'.:«■ i J Miss Claude (Hamilton Stable) lOti
UVZ-i I>lxt-Ile rfOobwon) 1<KJ
€075 Edith Vice *HU4rrth) 110
C031 Mils Toaopah (V/ashoc Stable) 10(5
Third race— One and an e'fhth tniK-s; four
year-cids nd up; selling:
COM •Csnrtellator (Keating &. Co.) 10C
M71 The Fretter fO'Rourke) 11O
<««C7 "Chickadee (McCaffertyf 100
C001 Expedient (Smith) 107
«Kj7 *Mr. Wngle (Tlcrncy) 100
i»0ai FrarJt Woods (Garden City Stable) 111
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward: handicap:
«X41 Heretic* (McAlerter) 102
«077 Jockey Club <F"Ulj«-r) HiJ
<;01l O'Hagcn 'IJender & Co.) '.»<»
r(077)KenUv.orth (Stover) 117
(CC70>Celebrs.r.t < Hamilton Ftab!«>) :>5
(r:tK)<3.->Id Money (Jcr.nlngF) Ill
CUK» Esherta (Schorr) at
Fifth race — Bewen furlongs; four-year-olds
arid ufiwarii; *ellln«::
. U«il *PJerce J < Stover) '. 103
COW Flyer (Hyar.) 102
%;73 "I'tarl Vlvtr (Carlisle) 02
€004 •\>laa Clark <McA!ester) 101
0074 GoM Finder (Kltzserald) 102
<f/y.»0)HIppona3t (Lane) 1<)5
<m74/»Falr Lady Anna (McCafTerty) :>5
CCS3 Kollick <Jones) JOS
CC52 •Whirkew OVilion) loo
Fixth race — Six furlong*; three-year-olds and
upward; Bflllnr:
«;08R "Mr. Famuni (McCafferty) 07
(W:-")Muresra (Miller) . / 105
(roOQ'Fad Sam <Oreen) 110
rO7'J *Halnaiilt <Tlioma» & Reave)-) 102
OOSa «MSmo (Sheridan) m
WCI Cri«1l (Groell) »1
"Arprcntire allOTvcnce.
White Gets a New Trial.
The Supreme Court granted a new
trial yesterday to John White, who was
convicted of robbery In Los Angeles and
sentenced to twenty-five years' im
prisonment in San Quentin. The Judge
of the lower court erred in admitting
a Police Court record as evidence to
Impeach a witness.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
PTOIiESIPE RACETRACK — FRIDAY. Feb. 19. — Weather cloudy. Track fast.
<*O1>8. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to flrat. $325.
lnde *( Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. M . *&. %■ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! -Cl.
C064 [Flaneur. 0 (C. McCafferty) '.. 123 3 ... 1^1 l>il 1 1 h Bonner W J g 11-5
(C03S) Brennus. 4 (Judge & Co ) 124 4 ... 3 2 2 12 3 2 7 See 8-5 3-2
[Dusty Miller. 3 (Sheridan) 101 C ... 5 3 4 ?i 3 2 3 3 Roach....- 6 8
C002 iDoris. 3 (H. L. Jones) 101 1 ... 4 n 5 2^5 V, 4 2 Knapp .... 10 15
<KC9 lAmoruna, 4 (P McGulre). .. 107 "« . . . 2 m3 2Vi4 3 i 5 h Sherwood . 20 30
4767 inogus Bill a <S F. Capps).. 113 8 ... G %"7 0 7 12 « h Travers ... 10 T
«0o0 jThc Toller 4 (F. Jone?) 112 7 ... 7 % « a i 6 h 7 12 [Buxton 10 20
yo5 IMigtlftort. a (Boots & Ho.)..|121 2 ... 8 8 8 8 .[Bullman .. 6 30
Tirre— :24»i. :13. 1:12%. post >j minut e Oft at 2:C3Va- Flaneur, place. 7-10; show,
1-3. Brennu?. place. 1-2; «how. 1-5. Miller, show, 7-5. Winner, br. g. by Bramble-
Promenade. Trained by C. McCafferty. Start good. Won in a drive of two. Third
handily. Flaneur Is a good weight packer but Brennus might have won had See made
his move sooner. Dusty Miller is a mud horse. Atnoruna quits. Bogus Bill made
a poor showing.
«Oy». SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index J Horse and Owner. Wt|St. U~ *hT »i- Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
«07."> (Rose Eley (Blaslngame Bros.) 115 2 2 l'£l V, 1 l»A|Bullman .. 11*5 9-5
C030 Edgecliff (B. & W.) 109 4 3n 3 h 2 ns |Bell 6 »
6075 'Golden Idol (H. E. Rowell)... 115 1 1 'A 2 1%3 2'^IJ. Daly 7-10 7-10
«K>75 iTar Flat (San J^jaquin Stable) i 106 3 5 C 4 7 Knapp 30 100
0015 JR. Mitchell (Summers & Co.)|109 5 4 1 4^5 |J. T. Shehn 30 50 •
Time — :25^ :50^. At post 2 minutes On* at 2:.°,0. Eley place. 1-3; show. out. Edge
clin*. place. 3-2; show. 1-4. Idol, show, out. Winner, b. K. by Wernberg-Callina.
Trained by W. L. Appleby. Start good. Won in a hard drive of three. Golden Idol
would have gallored in had he not run out on stretch turn. Edg:ecliff is game enough.
Bullman saved ground on stretch turn with winner. Mitchell had early -speed, -but
looked high. >
PIOO. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-clds and up; to first, $325.
Index | [ Horse and Owner. Iwt|St..$4. *£~. **. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
OC52 iModder C (Buckholtz & P.)..|1O7| 8 ... 2 n ." l'/il nil Stuart 4 9-2
«t'78 iRustic Girl, 0 <E.\V.Fitzgrld)jlCO. 3 ... 1 % 1 % 2 2Vj2 \Vi Roach 6 6
0030 iDr. Sherman C (M L Whlte)|104I 9 ... 8 h G 1 4 n 3 H Buxton 10 10
T.07S iVoung ilorello, a (Scharetg).jl<)5j 5 ... Cn4nfih44 Travers ... 16-5 7-2 (
.1900 IliaUJor 4 (W. P. Fine) 1CS| 6 ... 4 2 ft 1&3 h 5 n IMcHannon 20 30
tt«3 (Adirondack 4 (Shannon) |102| 1 ... 5 h 7 h 7 >i « 1'fclC. Smith... 4 0
SSK3 (Saul of Tarsus a (Walz Co.).!10s| 4 ... 3 \ 2 Vi »! H 7 2 J. Daly 0 7
«030 |Jean Gravier 4 (Becker) 11071 2. ..718183 83 J. T. Shehn 9-2 5
SQ5fl ISigenvlne. «JF\ J.Stoer).^. .| 9S| 7 .,. 0 9 9 0 W. Daly_... 30
Time— :24 l i :50>i. 1:CS«4. At post 2 minutes OfT at 2:5C>4- Modder. place, 9-5; show.
4-5. Girl, place. 5-2; show. <i-5. Sherman, show. 2. Winner, b. g. by Candlomas-
Modrrocio. Trained by M. Dillon. Scratched— Bee Rosewater. Chlleno. Kubelik. Start
good. Won cleverly. Next three driving hard. Modder showed improvement over a
dry track. Rustic Girl had speed. Dr. Sherman a bad actor at the post; was away
poorly.' Young Morello weakly handled. CRn do better. Batidor lacks gameness. Adi
rondack ran poorly. Tarsus quit. Jean Gravier can improve on this race.
411O1. FOl'RTH RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up» value to first, $400.
Index I Horse and Owner. iWtjSt. Vi . \£. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Opi cT.
KM2> iDalnty 4 <W. B. Jennings). .. 110| 4 ... 5 h 4 h 2 1 1 ns J. Martin.. 11-5 11-5
.1945 |Anania« 3 (J. F. Schorr) 931 ... 1 1 1 h 2 2V,jReed 15 20
(6OGt)iPrncesa Titania. C (J.D.Millin)'nil 7 ... 4 h R h 5 H 3 1 ISee 11-5 16-5
0006 JFuturita. 4 (W. H Kraft)... U«5| 2 ... « l£ 3 h 4^4 »i jKnapp 4 18-fi
5S13 iSan Nicholas, fi (B. & W.) [117 3 ... 2 H 2 H 3 «*, 5 2«4!Hell 4 5
COfAi lArabo. 4 (W B. Jennings) |108 5 ... 7 C U f. 2 « 8 |J Daly • •
r»75.*» IFlush of Gold, a (Mrs. Owens) I U>1 1 <*» . . . 6 n 7 7 7 |J. T. Shehn 10 12
Time— :24»4. :4S%. 1:14. At post I minute. Off at 3:2.i. Dainty, place. 1; ehow, 1-2.
Ananias place 8; enow. 3. Princ-.'ss, show. 1-2. Jennings entry coupled, place. 4-5;
show. 1-3. Winner, ch.' m. by Go!den Garter-Rosebud. Trained by W. B. Jennings.
Start good. Won in a hard drive of two. Third driving. Ananias tired last eighty yards
and was just nailed. Princess Titania away poorly and badly handled. Futurita.
better in the mud. Pan Nicholas quit. Flash of Gold ran out through the stretch. .
•Coupled with Dainty.
81O2. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3 -year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. H. Vt- %■ Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
(60fi2) Harbor (H E Rowell) )107| 2 ... In3%lnln iTraTens ... 3 5
€070 iKutford <li. Stover) |109i 6 ... 8 3 4 2 3 1%2 4 ISee 2 3-2
*V«:2 IRiesca (O. W Boe*ecke) I 07) 3 ... 3 1%1 h 2 'tt 8 5 (Cross 4 9-2
0002 Uack Little iW. P Fine) !l0*( 8 ... 7 I>i6 h 7 7 4 h |j. Martin.. 0 9
5SS3 iHoceo (Photo Stable) ilO4| 4 ... 2h t 1%4 2\j5 »i iBell 10 15
Wi7« (Standard <J J Me Alerter), .j 104 j 7 ... 6 T C 1^6 l^lBuxton .... C- 8
CWJ Emil iT. G. Williams* |107 5 ... 4 V4 5 l>/ a « 17 7 IBonner 20 20
{Gateway (T W Lottri.ige). . 1104! 9 ... 9 0 8 14 8 l^iC. King 15 100
GO:* IRuvia (Garden City Stable)..! 97! 1 ... 5 IM1S n 9 9 [W. Daly... 30 CO
Ti m<? — : 2r. :49. l:15«-i. At post Vi minute. Off at 3:49&. Harbor, place, 2; show. 4-5.
Hulfcrd place 3-5; show. 1-3. Riesca. show. 7-10. Winner, b. c. by Handspring-
Astridc." Trains by H. E. Rowell. Start good. Won in a very hard drive of three.
Travers rode a good, close race on winner. Hulford was best, arriving a trifle late.
Rksoa tired. Hocco had early speed. Standard can-do better In muddy going.
<>I<it. SIXTH RACE: — One mile; selling; 4-year-olds an>1 up; value to first. $325. 4
Index! Hcrse and Owner. [WtJCt. H- V». % . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
rOTr'oatburyt a <J. J McAlester). (lioj 2 11H11'^12U13 14 See , 10 7 15
€016 iEmily Oliver 6 (R. H. Clark)!lO5! 0 5 2H+ !%•« % » 1M|2 h Bell 3 18-5
«fll« !Elmer L U (Klunder & B.).. HHi| B 7 2 7 2 « M, 4 >i, 3 n J. T. Shehn 30 50
tKwrt Candidate. .'. (H. E. Rowell). .!l02j 8 3 lVi2 h 2 2 2 1 4 l'^ITravers ... 8 10
572S ; riloa a (S. Judge) U^H 3 8 8 7 3 6357 iBonner .... 8-5 3-2
C0«i3 iKam Lazerus E?q. a (Stoer)U<i7| 7 4 n « % 5 n « M. 6 lVfejStuart 15 50
6909 iSearcher (i (Partington Bros.) 107! 1 « »^ 5 Vj 8 7 4 7 \k IDugan 4 13-2
•ms iMesto 4 (A Schu'.tx) Wi 42n31418 8 R. Wilson. 20 60
COC; \V\ Piiar. » (A. A. Haskell) ■ ■ »Sj 9 » C. Smith. ,.| 10 10
Time— 26 ~Z\ 1:17 1:44. At port V a minute. Off at 4:17. Outburst, place, C; show, 3.
OUver place, 6-8: show. 1-2. Elmer L. show, 5. Winner, ch. h. by Donatella- Lady
PoeMrigton '"Trained by' E. J. Ramsey. Start poor. Won easily. Next three driving
hard Winner ran atuad of his number. Emily Oliver in hard luck as usual. Candidate
bothered l.y barrier at start. Ulloa cut oft on first turn. Searcher sulked. 'Fell.
STEAMER RUNS
ASHORE IN FOG
Passengers on the Philippe
Yille, Bound for Congo, Nar
rowly Escape Watery Graves
LONDON. Feb. 19.— The Belgian
steamer Philippe Ville, which left
Antwerp yesferday for the Congo with
100 passengers on board, went ashore off
Dungcness, Kent, in a fog to-day. She
was subsequently floated and proceed
ed for her destination.
The British steamer Lake Michigan,
from St. John, N. B.. and Halifax for
London, v.as in a collision to-day near
Dungeness. She was seriously dam
aged amidships. Her engine-room and
stokehole filled with water, and she was
finally beached in a sinking condition.
The vefesel with which the Lake Michi
gan collided was the British bark Mat
tcrhbrn, from San Francisco Septem
ber 18 for'Antwerp. Her headgear was
carried away and her bow was dam
ap^d. Later In the day she anchored
in the Downs.
GARDNER KASILV DEFEATS
CARTER IX SIX HOUNDS
Brooklyn Man Is Floored Several
Tiroes and Gone Saves Him From
IJcJnx Knocked Out.
MILWAUKEE, Feb. 19. — George
Gardner of Lowell, Mass., defeated
Kid Carter of Brooklyn in a six-round
bout before the Milwaukee Boxing
Club to-night. The first and second
rounds terminated with honors even.
In the third Gardner smashed Carter's
face, bringing blood to the nose and
closing the right eye. In the same
round Carter closed Gardner's left eye.
In the fourth Carter was floored by
a right to the jaw and a left to the
stomach, *he bell saving him. The
fifth and sixth were Gardner's rounds
by a wide margin. He scored knock
downs in each round. In the fifth
Carter took eight seconds of the count
and in the sixth went down from a stiff
right and left to the jaw Just before
the gong: sounded.
FBOBAB&S WIKWEBS.
First race — Quiz II, Goddess of Nijrht,
Dr. Sherman.
Second race — Oeorre ?• McNear, Edith
Vice, Sixelle.
Third race — Frank Woods, Expedient,
Cosstellator.
Fourth race — Gold Money. Celebrant,
Jockey Club.
_TUth race — Velma Clark, Pierce J,
Hlppozxax.
Sixth race— Sad Sam, Hainault, Mimo.
Washington's Birthday at Del 3Iontc.
... Bpcdal rate of $10 to Del Monte and
return. Including board at the hotel, leaving
city Saturday and returning Monday; to tho**
wishing to ge earlier a special rate of $4 SO
for round trip, not including hotel charges.
Pony and polo racing, cavalry rough riding.
A grand holiday. Inquire 613 Market 8t. or
Southern Pacific agents tor details. §!8£||
THE SAN* FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
ROYAL EULOGY
COMES IN TIME
Diplomacy of England's Sov
ereign Saves the Ministry
From an Awkward Position
LONDON, Feb. 19.— The royal eulogy
of Lord Roberts contained in a special
army order issued yesterday evening,
in which King Edward took leave of
Lord Roberts as commander in chief of
the army, is commented upon as an
other instance where the tact of the
King rescued the Ministers from an
awkward dilemma. The curt manner in
which the War Minister dismissed the
commander deeply incensed him, and
this feeling was shared by the public to
such an extent that it threatened to
lead to a serious attack on the Govern
ment in Parliament. The King's first
Indication of his disapproval of the
War Office's treatment was to invite
Lord Roberts to Buckingham Palace,
where marked attention was shown to
the field marshal. This has been fol
lowed by the general army order, which
was sent out by the King personally.
VARSITY WILL CROSS
BATS WITH THE ELKS
Representatives of the Oakland Herd
to Meet Collegians This Afternoon
on Berkeley Diamond.
OAKLAND. Feb. 19. — The Oakland
Elks' baseball team will meet the Uni
versity of California nine on the col
lege campus to-morrow afternoon at
2:30. Following is the line-up:
U. C. Positions. Elks.
Hliss Catcher Lohman
Hcitir.uller Blethen
Hughes Pitcher lirlifga
Wardwell First ba?e Mosklmaa
Gillia Second base Dean
Strub Third base Devereaux
Adams.... Shortstop ...Hammond
Hamilton Left field Platt
Varlel Center field Dunleavy
Hatch Right field Lynch
ISSUES AX IXVTITATIOX
TO EMPEROR' WILLIAM
National Schuctzcnbund Wants the
Knlscr to Attend Its Annual Shoot
, injt Festival In June.
NEW YORK, Feb. 19. — On behalf
of the National Schuetzenbund, J.
G. Toelke and C. D. Aehm of this city
have presented to the German Embas
sador. Baron Speck von Sternburg, an
invitation, which is to be forwarded to
Emperor William, to attend the shoot
ing festival here in June. The Em
bassador promised to have, the invita
tion submitted to the Emperor.
It is in the shape of an album bear
ing on its cover the Imperial German
eagle, while the first page shows the
coat of arms of .the National Schuetz
enbund in water colors. The follow
ing pages contain the invitation artis
tically penned and signed by a]l the
members of the board of directbrs of
the schuetzenbund.
NEW YORK, Feb. 10.— W. G. Haoul, presi
dent of the National Railroad Company of
Mexico, has announced to the directors his
Intention not to accept a re-election in April.
He deslrea to devote more time to personal af
fairs. ~ ■ ~ -' \
GREENOCK DOWNS
FAST MUCH AT
THIRTY TO ONE
Furnishes Sensation of. the
Day at Ascot by Making a
Lively Sprint at the Finish
FA.VOBITES FAIL TO LAND
Cazador, Another Unlikely One,
Also Surprises the AYise
Ones, Beating 1 Legal Maxim
LOS ANGELES, Feb. ID.— Greenock,
at 30 to 1, won the six-furlong race,
third on the card, from such sprinters
as Golden Rule, Cruzados, Rag Tag
and The Goldflnder, and thereby fur
nished the sensation of the day at As
cot. Gc-lden Rule and , Rag Tag were
the strongly played horses to win the
race, which was the chief attraction
of the card.- with 1 The ■ Goldflnder and
Cruzados the horses fancied . by the
small bettors. .
Golden Rule looked to be winning a
sixteenth from the finish, but Greenock
came with a rush and 'won -by. a neck.
It was a bad day for . favorites, c-nly
two of them getting first money, and
the public was hard hit. The form
players started- out by playing liilde
brand's mount in the first race, . mak
ing MacGyle favorite. He was not in
the running, and Iras, won, Louwelsea
being second and Major Dfxon third. 3
Martin showed sudden improvement
and won the second race frc-m Eva D.
Educate was third. Annie Robinson,
the 7 to 10 favorite, was beaten off.
Banquero, the favorite, won the
fourth race easily. Neko Vv-as second
and Madame Bishop third.
The 'fifth went to Silver Fizz, the fa
vorite. Err.e was second and Major
Hooker third. Canejo finished second,
but was disqualified for fouling Erne
and placed last.
The last race furnished another sur
prise, Cazador, at 10 "to 1, winning
from Legal Maxim, the favorite, with
Sherry third.
Weather fine: track good: Summary:
First race, ono an>l a sixteenth miles, .selling
— Iras. 10R (Mountain), 4 to 1. won; Louwel3ea,
100 (Prior), <i to 1, second; Major Dlxon, 101
(Sinnott). 10 to 1. third. Time. 1:40. Declmo.
Hub Prather. Plug. Chemist, Emir, MacGyle,
Ohio Girl. L'lm and Homage also ran.
Second race, Slauson course, selling — Marta,
111 (Wonderly). 5 to 1, won; Eva D, 9ti (W.
Kelly). 15 to 1. second: Educate. 10S (L. Jack
son 1 ), 12 to 1. thir<« Time, 1:13. Flea, Samar,
Annie Itob'nson. Crown Prince, Jim Gore j II,
Judge Kacton. Kultaire and Almoner also ran.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Greenock, 107
(Prior), 30 to 1, won; Golden Rule, IIS) (Fted
fern). 7 to 5, second; Rag Tag, 107 (Hllde
brand). 8 to 5, third. -Time, 1:14%. Cruzados,
Buccleauth and The Goldflnder also ran.
Fourth race. Slauson course, selling — Ban
quero, 101 <Hlldebrand). 4 to 5. won; Neko. 101
(J. Booker), 20 to 1, second; Madame Bishop,
115 (Mountain). 12 to 1. third. Time, 1:12..
Urbano, Andrattus, Lady Fonso, Wager and Sir
Christopher alw. ran.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
Silver Fizz. 94 (Anderson). 7 to 5. won; Erne,
9C iHlldebrand*. S to 5, second; Major Hooker.
9tf (Lawrence), 100 to 1, third. Time. 2:12.
Frank- McKee, Dr. Bernays and Canejo also
ran.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Cazador.
104 (Prior). 10 to 1, won: Legal Maxim. 107
(Redfern). 9 to 5, iccond: Sherry, .104' (Hender
son). 2 to 1,- thlnl." Tifiie. lr31%. Insolence.
Wtichusetts. Little Secret, Minnie Arnett and
Dr. Worth also ran.
ANCIENT BOXER
GOES TO CARPET
IN THIRD ROUND
George McCarthy Fails to Per
form as of -Yore and Young;
Opponent Has an Easy Time
A heavy-weight fist artist, who might
have shone in bygone days, was trotted
out before the admiring throng at the
San Francisco Athletic Club last night
to do battle with a youth of perhaps
half his years. The ancient gladiator
of the roped arena dragged himself
around the ring in a painful manner
for three rounds. Then the youngster
executed a few good stiff punches and
the old fellow went to the carpet for
keeps.
His name is George McCarthy, and
he came all the way from Woodland to
engage in the conflict. He was undet,
the wing of that good Samaritan, "Bid
dy" Bishop, and "Biddy" quietly tipped
it about that Mac could do very well
with his mitts and was a game one.
He was pitted against Olin Sullivan,
a youth who gained fame on the flat by
beating up a stevedore once or twice.
Sullivan was good to his fatherly op
ponent'for two rounds and all the pair
did was to hug each other and occa
sionally hand Referee Greggains a gen
tle clout. But Sullivan opened up tho
third round with a rush and kept rush
ing dad about the ring till he finally
settled in an easy corner and said good
night.
"Shy" Ryan and Fred Craig, a dusky
scrapper, were the next in Importance
to the heavys. "Shy" won the decision
because he was exceedingly wise an.l
landed most of the few punches. He
showed that he is possessed of some
cleverness, but had a wholesome fear
of Mr. Craig's wallop. Both men were
tired when the gong sounded.
Mike Synfy, \he Grecian athlete,
mixed it with "Kid" Parker, champion
of the newsboys' brigade. The lads put
up the fastest mill on the card. In
fact so close was the fight all the way
through that the judges disagreed and
Referee Greggains finally ordered' an
extra round. Synfy was handed ,the
palm of victory after the additional
round had been fought.
He landed the cleaner punches In
that period and had Parker all but
gone. Parker rallied some toward the
end of the round and had Synfy go
ing. All the way through the first
four rounds the boys mixed it viciously
and it looked like any one's fight. Both
were game and took a hard beating,
besides displaying much cleverness In
ducking swingfi.
Young McClure hit Billy Jensen so
hard in the first round that he was
doubled up and remained in this unique
position for fully a minute. Harry
McLoud broueht his right in contact
with George Henry's face In the third
and the latter had to go to the carpet
for good, after being downed at least
a dozen times. Charles McChesney
knocked out Charles Webber in three
rounds.
Mellody Defeats Seiloff.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19.— Billy Mellody
of Boston knocked out Otto, Seiloff of
Chicago in tWe fourth round of- a six
round contest to-night. '
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 10.— C. Bernardinl was
killed at Laurel to-day by a falling tree. He
was a native oMtatf and aged 38 years.
BURLINGAME POLOISTS WIN
FROM CRACK ENGLISH TEAM
Brilliant^ Playing by
Driscoll Moves
Crowd.
DEL MONTE, Feb. : 19.— The poloists
of the Burlingame Country Club scored
a brilliant victory over the English
players this afternoon' in the deciding
tournament game for the set of four
artistic cups. The honors for the day
were shared by Thomas A. Driscoll and
Walter S. Hobart of the winning team
with Captain Neil Haig.'bf the losers.
The score stood seven goals to two in
favor of the Whites at the beginning.of
the last period of play. Tom Driscoll
scored Immediately after the ball was
tossed in. The Reds then ran tip a se
quence of four goals, but their effort
came too late, as the bell sounded the
end of -the game with the score eight
goals to six. The teams were made up
of the following players:
Whites— C. Garland, T. A. Driscoll,
W. S. Hobart, John Lawson.
Reds— B. Williams, W. McCreery, R.
Chaplin, Captain Nell ' Haig,
Referee," F. J. "Mackey ; * ' umpire, E.
Ezra; timekeeper, J. O. Tobin.
Walter Hobart and Tom Driscoll each
'scored four goals, Captain -Haig three,
Walter McCreery two and Basil Wil
liams one. Tom Driscoll electrified the
spectators by picking the ball out of a
scrimmage a few moments after play
commenced, and with three strokes he
scored the first goal. The Reds nearly
scored shortly after. Before the end of
the period Tom Driscoll scored again.,
IIOBART'S LONG DRIVK.
The Reds made a determined stand in
the second period and for a time
seemed to have the better of their op
ponents. It was not for long, however, 1
as the Whites soon regained possession
of the ball. Walter Hobart ran it down
the field and placed it for Garland, who
nearly scored. John Lawson wtts play-
Ing a brilliant game and was loudly
applauded for a stroke from the side
line in which the ball went just outside
the posts. Walter Hobart made up for
this lost opportunity just before the
end of the period by scoring from the
seventy-flve yard line.
He added another point to the score
of the Whites in the third period, send
ing the ball between the posts at an
awkward angle. When the ball was
first tossed in for this period Tom Dris
coll picked it out of the scrimmage and
ran it down the field, placing it for
Walter Hobart, who Just missed scor
ing. Captain Haig, the big, bluff Eng
lishman, who is so great a favorite
with the spectators, nearly scored from*
the seventy-five yard line. The play
all through this period u-as fast.
Captain Haig scored the first goal for
the Reds early in the fourth period on
a free stroke after a foul. Walter Slc-
Creory scored a second goal almost im
mediately on another free hit, this time
after the ball had been driven out of
the bounds on a safety hit. .
Tom Driscoll. on his big white-faced
pony Jim Jeffries, drew a round of ap
plause from his adherents early in the
fifth period. He picked the ball up
near the middle of the field and with
the other players strung out behind
him like the tall of a comet ran it
to the goal in three strokes. He was
in an awkward position for the de
cisive stroke, but as he ' galloped past
he sent the ball squarely" between the
posts. Soon after he placed the ball
for Walter Hobart, who sec-red on an
easy shot.
IIAIG PliAYS WELT...
Captain Haig proved a host in him
self in the last period and turned the
tide of battle decidedly in favor of the
Reds. Excitement was intense as point
by point ,the Reds drew up on their
opponents'. When the bell finally
sounded they were but two short of
the number required to make the score
a tie. The score in favor of Captain
Drigcoll's team was 8 to 6. After the
match a practice game was played.
The teams were:
Reds — Paul Clagstone, R. M. Tobln.
Charles Raoul Duval and Lawrence
McCreery.
, Whites— Peter D. Martin, F. B.
Mackey, F. J. Carolan and E. Ezra..
The Reds won by a score of 4 to 2.
The first match for the Raoul Duval
cup will be played c-n Sunday. The
players will be: .
San Mateo team— R. M. Tobin, Wal
ter McCreery and Lawrence McCreery.
The Cosmopolitans— R. Chaplin, T. A.
Driscoll, C. Raoul Duval and W. S.
Hobart. ; ."■": . ; .
The Hurlingham team .drew a bye
and will play the winners on a date
yet to be named. This team will be
Charles Garland, F. J. Mackey, Cap
tain Nell Haig an£ E. Ezra.
The pony racing which will be held
to-morrow is attracting widespread in
terest here. There has :been no rain
for several days and the track will be
in good condition, although record time
is, not expected. Peter D. Martin and
Thomas Magee arrived here from San
Francisco a^ an early, hour this morn
ing In their automobiles.
HELENA. Mont., 'Feb. 19.— The body of an
unknown man was found on the prairie near
Stockat. There, were five bullet holes in the
body and the victim's "pockets 'were turned
ins'de out. A companion of the dead man has
BURLIXOAME POLOISTS
WHOSE WORK HELPED
DEFEAT ENjGLISH TEAM.
EUGENES LOSE
CHAMPIONSHIP
OF THE COAST
California Bowlers Vanquish
Team That Won Honors From
Pin Hitters of the South
Big bunches of coin, a championship
and other coveted possessions unex
pectedly changed their headquarters
last night when the heretofore Invin
cible Eugene bowling team took to the
distant pines before "Doc" McGrath's
California team.
From the first frame of game No. 1
there was nothing to It but the Cali
lornias. Splits and errors were in or
der from the Central Alley faction,
and it must be said that 'for cham
pionship bowling the play was decid
edly on the wane.
Three hundred and fifteen pins Is
the small margin by which the new
champs won out.* Leap must think
up some good kind of an excuse for
last night, though he did well himself.
He averaged 201 1-3 for the three
games, but supported by 156 and 164
scores, he didn't have a look in.
Lagarde was the bowling kid last
night and won all kinds of praise.
With a former championship individ
ual record of 694 for three games, he
tumbled the Dins last night for 725.
McOrath 'and Pickler, who are both
particularly delighted over the vic
tory, bowled well themselves, averag
ing 201 2-3 and 200 respectively.
Thorpe, the ''reliable man" from
the Central Alleys, fell down flat. After
having established the sensational
record of 300 pins on the same alleys
some months ago, he came through
with a 185 high score last night.
There's no the fact that some
thing was wrong last night. The
team couldn't seem to get together and
strikes were few and far between:
Birdsall bowled in the first game, but
after proving that the ball invariably
avoided the head i>in he effected a
getaway and was replaced by Eacret,
who was a trifle worse. ;
Kelly, Russell and "Sunbeam" Ber
telson were conspicuous by their sfb
sence. Diehl took Russell's place on
the score sheet, but failed to do so in
the games. The individual team aver
age of the Eugenes for the three
games ma 181-6-15 and for the Cali
fornUuj 202 5-15.
The score follows:
CALIFORNIAS.
Knowlton .... Ifi2 223 195 580- 193 1-3
Pickler 215 175 215 60S 2012-3
Nolan 1S2 15(1 187 525 ♦ 175
McOrath 213 1!MJ 201 600 200
Lagarde 235 234 2W 725 211 2-C
Totals 1007 974 1054 S035
KUGENES.
Dlehl 179 1«3 ISO 522 174 ;
Leap 178 200 228 604 2012-3
Shave 195 202 211 Wts 1PH l-.t
Thorp* 185 165 170 520. 173 l-:l
Birdrall
and Eacret .. HH 163 149 478 1S8 2-3
Totals 891 833 93(5 2720
Mnsic In South Park.
The South Park Settlement concert,
under, the direction of Mrs. Marrinerr
Campbell, drew a large audience to
the club's rooms last night. The prin
cipal feature of the evening was the
delightful singing of Miss Kate Flavel.
Others who assisted were W. C. Camp
bell, William Augenblick, Miss R. U.
Hoyt, Miss Eleanor McClennan and
Airs. Edna Schaffter. .
MANY PROMISING
BOXERS TO MEET
IN ROPED ARENA
Olympic Club Tournament Will
Begin in the Gymnasium
on Xext . Thursday Night
The coming amateur boxing tourna
ment of the Olympic Club should prove
a record breaker in this city. Already
a long list of entries have been received,
and a great many more boxers will
probably be signed up within the next
few days. The tournament will begin
on February 25 and continue for three
nights.
The star bout of the affair will be the
go between Andy Gallagher and Sam
Berger. Both these men are members
of the club and rivals for heavy-weight
honors. Berger is the present holder of
the title, and so far has successfully
defended It against all comers. He has
been very much In evidence lately and
has occupied a fair share of the atten
tion of the sporting public by his vic
tories and his alleged professional con
duct.
Gallagher, on the other hand, has
been laying low for a long time and
seems to have been all but forgotten
by the followers of the game. A fevt
months ago he occupied the center of
the stage, and after doing a lot of good
work suddenly faded out of the pub
lic's view.
. Gallagher's last victory was over
Walter Moreno at the San Francisco
Club some few months ago. He fought
a great battle that night, and although
not in condition for the mill defeated
his man easily. He has been working
hard for the meeting with Berger and
promises to be In the best of form
when the gong sounds.
So far there have. been but two en
tries In the heavy-weight class. In the
light heavy-weight class there are
three. Harry Chester, James Fox and C.
W. Sloan. Chester is an Olympic Club
man and well known. Sloan is a very
likely chap with a hard punch, and
Fox is looked upon as a surprise.
Following is a list of the entries for
the tournament up to date:
Bantam cla?s. 105 pounds^ — James Sundberg.
unattached: Mike Maher. Aiameda Athletic
Club; Billy Brannan. Bay City Club: Franlc
Sullivan. Bay City Club; Al. Ridge. Occidental
Club.
Feather-weight clasa. 113 pounds — Barney
Driscoll. California Cycling Club; Harry
Tenny. Bay City Club; Willie Dwyer. Olyraplo
Club; Richard Murray. Hayes Valley Club;
Eddie Carroll, unattached.
Special Clara. 123 pounds — James Fuller,
unattached: Willie Rheper, unattached: Henry
Arthur. Hayes Valley Club: W. J. Leonard,
Olympic Club; Emile Earbee. unattached.
. Llghtweia-ht class. 135 pounds — Robert
"Luhdee. Olympic Club; Frank Flores. Olympic
Club: Robert Cairns. Olympic Club; Jo»
Larkln. unattached: Charles Cooper. Hayes
Valley Club: Frank Hardy. Hayes Valley Club.
Heavy-weight class — Sam Berger. Olympl j
Club; Hudy Gallagher. Olympic Club.
. Welter-weight class. 143 pounds— E. Carter,
Olympic Club: James Ryan, unattached:
Walter Lane, unattached; Bert Marsh, unat
tached.
Middle-weight cUss. 153 pounds — George
Murray. Olympic Club; Frank Smith, unat
tached.
Light heavy-weight class — Harry Chester.
Olympic Club: James Fox. Hayes Valley Club;
E." W. Sloan. Bay City Club.
Crescent City Racine Result*.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 10. — Crescent City
First' race, *ix furlongs — Icicle won. Tallyho
second. Four Leaf C third. Time. 1:13 4-5.
Second race, one-half mile — Blaze Duches*
won, Tniffte Hunter aecond. I»abella D third.
Third race, mile and a sixteenth — Midship
man won. Louis Kraft second. Circus Girl
third. Time. 1:43 V5.
Fourth race, seven furlonsrs, handicap—Red
man won. Foresight second. Lady Lavish third.
Time. 1:26 3-5. .-■''•IL'-
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Pronta won.
E«tabll!«h second, S»nta. Teresa third. Time.
1: !ixth 5 'race. mile and seventy yards— Pepper
won. Apgic LewU second. A. Lamod; third.
Time. 1 :13 4-5.
Sprout in Bankruptcy^
Creditors of Edward S. Sproat,
grocer, filed a, petition in the United
States District Court yesterday asking
that he be declared an involuntary
insolvent. They recite that on De
cember 26, 1903, Sproat committed an
act of bankruptcy by assigning hi3
property to George H. Downey of San
Francisco. The creditors signing tha
petltltion and the sums alleged to be
due them are: Siebe Bros. & Plage
mann, 1625; M. J. Brandenstein & Co.,
$222: Martin Dangers & Camm, $60;
F. Hillens & Co.. $121.
Robber Is Sentenced.
Melvin Perry, a colored man, who
was convicted by a Jury in Judge Law
lor's court on a charge of robbery, was
sentenced yesterday to serve five years
in Folsom penitentiary- He held up
Lewis Reed on Montgomery arenua
and Montgomery street on January t
And stole a purse containing J25.
1112
~ ,. t x T" 1 HH T T? WTTCT- A XT 'X' C< » /T~\ XT' r T~ i XT' TVT
jour ». gPKZcrei«s^gropr 1 * tor '
IV. J. "MARTIN Huslnesa Manager
Mk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With tn« Department You Wlsn.
_____
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Roam 217 lo 221 Stevenson st.
•__-_-_. _ _
• Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per ■"'«*. 70
CU. Per Moath. Single Copies 5 Cr ? l *j....
Terms by Mall, including Postage (Cash With
Oi der) :
DAILY CALL <IncJud. Sunday). 1 year... $300
JMILY CALL UncluJ. Sunday). « mo* 4_w
DAILY CALL— By S;ngl<: Month «5c
ElMUY CA1X. 1 Year *-fj>
WHKKLV OAI.I-. 1 Year A
Mi-ti-iu.-t J surdav 4 15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Vweckly! 1 00 Per Year Kxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO HECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Famrle Copies wlU be forwarded when re-
quested. ," . » :"i -"".-
Mall eutacribers Jn ordering change of ad-
£r«t.ti ehoiild be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrompt and correct compliance with their re-
« um -
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1318 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
214? Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -A5torla Hot'-l; A. Brctano. 31
Union Kyuare; JJurray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Treroont House; Auditorium
1. •■ . Palmer Houre.
CHICAGO nEPP.ESENTATIVE:
C. GEOHUE KRO(.r;ESS..Mai rquette Building
(Long Distance TelepnoBt, "Central 2613.' )
NEW YOHIv REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. t^illTH "50 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAHLTUN Herald Square
EUSINEf-S OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht In the year. ■
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S llarktt strift, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
T27 Montgomery street corner Clay; open un-
til »:3u p. m.
nc» Hayr* *tre»>t; open until 9:30 p. m.
S3S McAllister »trcet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«:I3 Lnrkin utreet; or»-n until U-.'M p. m.
;SM1 Mission Ktr.-et; open until 10 p. m.
2l't;l Market Ftreet corner Sixteenth; open un-
til !» ... m.
I Of. Eleventh street: oprn until 0 p. m.
!(•$><; Valencia ftrevt ; or» n until 9 p. m.
Nortbeeet corner Church and Duncan streets;
opfii until 9 p. m.
yanhweet corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tui-Ky stre«t*; op< n until 9 p. m.
C^0 Fijlmote Ftreft; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXO NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cnmir.andery No 1. K. «.
T.— Special ■■sillllillf THIS AFTER- *fBlf
NOON at 2:.H) and THIS KVENLN'O f_3
at J:3t>. Order or Temple. All fratcrs v9
courUHjUFl.- invited.
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lodce No. ISC. F. and A. M.. _T~
ilas-onic Trmple. me^t? THIS EVEN- VV
ING. 7 o'clock. Second Derree.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Soc.
MISS-'ION Lodee No. l<0. F. and A. M. «
CalUd meeting THIS (SATURDAY) Vy
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- /V\
Krre. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
THE Expreftsmen's As.soo4ation of S. F. cor-
dially invites all bena lido owners of teams
to an ■!••:. !:.••::. f to tie held at Alcazar
building on SUNDAY. February 21. 19O4.
at 2:30 D. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company — The regular annual meeting
of the Ftackholdem of the Paauhau Sugar
Plantation Comi>any will be held at the
cflice of the company. 327 Market street,
roan 4. waaad floor, in the city and county
of San Francisco, £tate of California, on
SATURDAY, the 5th day of March, A. D.
VfOt, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purjiose of clectlnsr a Board of Directors
to serve for the . n>-..i::_; year and for the
transaction of ruch other business as ir.ay
properly come before the meeting. Transfer
| book* v.-;il iloee on TUESDAY. February 23,
r.H»4. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Su^ar
Plantation Cumpa..y. 327 Market Ft., San
Francisco, Cal.
TUB California Debris Commission having re-
cetved application to mine by hydraulic pro-
<•«■■» from the New Highland Gold and Coji-
l«er Mininr Company. In Mamaluke gravel
mine, nfar QeonceCown. El Dorado County. !
Ca!.. dralr.ing Into Canyon Creek, which [
reachen American River. pive» notice that
a m<ftin_,- will be h»ld at room !♦<;. Flood
build'nK. ?an Francisco. Cal.. March T. ly<>4
at 1 :-o r- m.
ANNUAL Meeting— Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany — The r«tular annual meeting of the
trtockholdery of tn> HAKALAU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY w 11 be held at the offlce
cf the company. _2' Markrt »t. <room 4.
•foond floor). In the !city and county of San
Francisco. State of- California, on WED-
NESDAY, the 2d <iiy cf March. 19O4. at
the hour of 11 o'clo'-k a. m., for the pur-
l»*e of, el.ctiij. a Board of Directors to
•wne for the enruiag year, and for the
transaction of t-uch other business as may
property ccme before the meeting. Ttans-
lcr bticks will close on SATURDAY, Febru-
ary 20, 1!«>4, st the hour of 3 o'clock p m.
II. W. THOMAS. Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tation Company. S27 Market et.. San Fran-
cinco. Calllornla. fun Francisco. Cal.. Feb
Hi. 1»C4. , ; . ■
ANNUAL MEETING-HONOLULU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY — Th. rerular *nnus4
meeting of the Klivkholders of the HONO-
. Ll-I.U PLANTATION COMPANY will be
held at the offlce of the company. 327 Mar-
ket rtrwt (room 4. fwcond floor*. In the city
and tounty of Pan Kranclaco. Mate of Cali-
forr.'.s, en WEDNEFDAY. the 24th day of
F<bruary. A. D. l'J'M. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for th* purpose cf electlnc a
boarfi of director* t: (serve for the en*u:nc
vtar and for the tr-nraetlon or euch other
burlnew as may pr.;t>erly come before the
meeting. Transfer bricks will close on Satur.
£ay. February 13. llfW. at 3 o'clock p. m.
" II. W. THOMAS.
fcerrettry Honolulu Plantation Company. 827
Market street. San Francisco, Calitornla.
.t-an Kranclaco. Cal.. Feb. 10. 1U04.
NOTICE of annual stockholder.' meetlnjr— The
regular •'"-nual nv-eilng- of etockholders
STt-i f^i"'? 1 °" . 'a corporation)
Kwl.l t* helo at the offlce of the company.
el«venth floor. Hayward buildlns. San Franl
Cisco California, on MONDAY, -."ath day
of February. I**, at the hour of 10 a m
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direct-
or* to **rve fcr the ensuing y w and tht ~
iranract'-n of tweh other business a« may
cone before the meetinr. This noltce Is
print' d in th« San Francisco Call by order
"_-2 "JT^ 1 . 0^ of "°" I<1 oi directors or As-
aucUted Oil Company. **"
r»«, «•• °-w SpMWfERi Secretary.
Offire— Eleventh floor. Hayward buiidln*
Ean Franclyco. Cal. Dated Feb. 10. lau*.
ANNUAL tr.eetlr.s- KiUuea Fujrar Plantation
Company— The rerular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Kilauea Susar Plan-
tation Company will be held at th«
efftc* of the eomj«ny. 317 Market st.
<rocra 4, second floor), in the eft and county
cf Pan Francisco. FUte of Califor- <i. on
rLESDAT. the 23d day of February. X D
190J. at the hour of II o'clock a. tn.. for the
purpose of e'.ectlr.t ft board of director* to
*erye for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of ruch ether business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting. Transfer book»
«-cl C k°** ° n Frt<1 " y ' Fel >™*ry 12. 1904. at 3
BwT * t * ry J£ 1Illwa Surar Plantation Com-
tan Fr&ncUco. Cal.. Feb. 9. 1904. x ,
-*TTOn.\EVf-AT-LAU'.~
ATTORNEY AXDJ COUNSELOR AT LAW
Pul!e o-J. l-.lr.nu Fprrrkt-Is Buildinff
Dtvorre, quietly and legally obtained for
elRht cauees; damapps Bccured for Injuries to
person or e.tate; replevins fcr ..ropmy un-
lawfully dctainrd: attachment* and parnllh-
j.rjKwdlncs; will, probated: r.t.t^ *™«^
colle»-Uon» ir.ade In all ,mn« of the VS.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce .for a smell *fee
He<« me and rave nw>ney; no pay in a<lvan<-»
O W. HOWE. ATTtmNKY-AT LAW "*
l.*UNI*h.d TJ yrr.; rm». 1. 2. 3. 4 & ,\ i Bt fl
HIS Markrt Bt.. between Mason and Taylor'
Advif fire nil mattrrg. Dt-tyitivcg employed!
R. W KINO. Attorney-at-L»w. Exam, bldp"
<Hh floor, entrance n«m «;il; rptablfehrvj ••(.)
yrmrv: oil casr*. cm-nil court and oflice |.rac-
tlrr; ».o fe* tn nd vance or for consultation-
tvrnlnca by a.*j>uintnu-nc Tel. Red 30CL
ATTO RS E Y- A T-L AW Con tinned.
. advice'free.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room 65, 91« Market St.; tel. John C226.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evening*. 027 Market St., rm. 301.
D. S. CLARK, 827 Market St.; consultation
free: no fees in advance: open evenings.
A-GI2VTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted in every city or town to
handle th» "New (1904) Combination Diary";
everybody needs it; everybody wants It; be
flrst and supply their wants; sample and
trrrr.s to agents. 1O. Address "COLUMBIA."
IC05 K st.. Sacramento, Cal.
MEN" and Indian to represent us; no experience
i nccescary; easiest proposition; blu^est prof-
' It?; permanent positions guaranteed. 41)5 and
j 419 Callaghan building.
MEN and women for city and country agent?;
weekly fculary. expenses or commission;. steady
employment. lir-'S McAllister st., 9-11 a. in.
AG:-:NCIKS for every city of the union for
the Marquis Hair Tonic Co.: liberal jertna.
414 Post «t.. Pnn Francisco. Cal.
ADVERTISEMENT 1^?.^!?"
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the best
College cf Advertising in the United States,
I will *cll them at 'J.S per < -nt discount for
*a*h; the college teaches advertisement writ-
Ing by correspondence and aEslsts Its grad-
cates to Mcun positions; catalogues fur-
nlfhed on application. Address box 3020. Call.
nrsiXKss chances.
A^ STRANGERsTaTTENTION !
Ar« you looking for a rate and profitable
business opening In San Francisco? If so,
we can offer vou an_y, number requiring an
Investment from $100 to $&0.000: every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
offlce mum stand the closest Investigation,
• nd we can place you In a store, factory,
hotel, mill, offlce. or, in fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., H27 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wi.h to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If u,' we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invert from $100 to $50,000; we-
have a larce number of desirable applicants
on our books secldng good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. U27 Market -t.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be pa!d fcr legal proof showing that any
person ever lost a dollar *vho invested any
money through our company. '
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California,
Capital stock, $.t<>.<KX>.
827 Market St.; nx.ms U21, 322. 323, 324.
A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can invest $300 in n
high-class real ostate office and flll position
of cajhier; <>xi>erli-nce not necessary; invest-
ment secured and $l!o weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large dln-
lng-rocm, with J« tables and imported Vienna
chatrs; the b-?5t carpets money can buy
throughout; finest of linen and befit of silver
service; 10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy
terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures interest and
offlce cf treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $1&O monthly as-
sured; highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. !>27 Market St.
A— »2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rtch-qulck" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estb. 3 years in S. F\
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. '.127 Market St.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 chares of Bold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $28; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
i'.Unj cash ar.d services secure Interest in es-
tablished offlce business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— BARBER SHOP
For sale; 4-chair shop: centrally located and
good. «rstablishcd trade; sickness of owner
compels eacrlflce of immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS. '
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take Interest
in stable established 10 years; $100 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE,
Being also Importers and distillers and estab-
lished in San Francisco thirty years, desire
an additional partner, with $5000.
_ GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 1C7 Mark«t st.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with ?2OOO cash, in the manu-
facture of high-grade gas and electrical fix-
tures nnd latent Improved mantles.
GURMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— CANDY, CANDY. CANDY.
For sale; store and factory; wholesale
and retail; situated In the heart of city and
established about 25 years; low rent; long
lease; price $«50OO.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A,— HARDWARE STORE _£>
For sale; a hich-class business; long estab-
lished and centrally located: owner desires
to retire: will invoice about $SOO0.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— FURNITURE BUSINESS.
A buslners man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business in
this city and take charge of Ftoro.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. C£7 Market st.
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale; a complete plant for the sale
and manufacture of CARRIAGE and WAG-
ON MATERIAL; estb. 15 years; also work
and repair ghop; sell at Invoice, about $12,000.
UERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 .Market Et.
A^ COMMISSION BUSINESS
For eale; butter, eggs and general produce;
receipts average about $5000 monthly; long 1
established ; price $2000.
GERMANIA INVEST, CO.. P2T Market at.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1030
3 Eddy »t.. cor. Markrt and Powtll.
Headquarters for all kinds' of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $.150 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors. .. .$200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $50O to $5000
Haloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $o'50 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $10C0
Drug stores $2C0O to $G<XK)
Delicatessen store* $250 to $4.*.00
Wood and coal yards $230 to $1000
FOR *ale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $10 to $70 ton; tradti
for r'mg hou?e or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy 6tore; all equip-
ment for making own candles; established S
years; clears over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy Et.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city:
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR tale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware and electrical supp'.y etore; rent
$40; well located; clearing $300 per month; 4
living rooms; flrst-ciass proposition; will
etand strict Investigation; price $£000. CAM*
ERO.N & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FINE grocery and bar. corner north of Market,
long leave, low rent, $2500, part cash; corner
ea!oon. on water front,' $1100. paying brewery
. business. $2500. or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for rale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
A DELICACY und branch bakery: one of the
be*t proportions In city; established four
years; 4 fumuhed llvixnc rooms; only $500.
SKIRM. C Eddy«t.. room 72.
BARBEitS— Read, act quick; 2 chairs; only
$05. SKIRM, bargain man, 6 Eddy, room 72.
WANTED — Good tenant for commodious store
and batement to be built on Fillmore St., nr.
McAllister: neighborhood now good, growing
better; will build to suit. Box 2C72, Call.
$.100— PARTNER wanted in light, genteel busi-
ncs!>: must be able to devote entire time-
take fulj charge: to a suitable party this is
worth investigating: experience not required.
25 Geary et., room 5.
$3TiO— STEADY, honest mnn wanted as partner
in cigar store, near Market St.; sure profits
of $25 per week to each: experience not re-
quired: value in stcck. Apply 10271. Market
»t., room 2.* •
WILL fcII at a bargain — Clear store on a
principal business etreet. clo*e to Market ot.;
Rood permanent trade, laundry branch, good
slot machine trade, fine fixture*, low rent
Hox 12*. Call otflcf.
A— $750; SALOON: receipts $S00 mo.; bargain;
fixtures worth $t>00. Kredo & Co., 7C5 Mkt.
A— J800; HA LOON; wholesale district; receipts
S15 daily: hnrsrain. Kredo & Co., 7C5 Mkt.
FOR sale — Saloon' licenses. Box '-tii'JU. Call of-
flce.
WANTED— Laundry route with horsn and
wagon for cosh. Call at 3372 Mission &U
THE SAN FRANCISCO : GALL/ SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
__ KC5I"VKSS CHAXCES C.onttnn*iL__ ■;
A— J22C0; STEAW[ laundry and property;
equipped with latest machinery, v/acon, etc. :
no opposition; In thrlvlnc country town about
70 miles from this city; a rare chance. For
particulars see 11. O. WILKE, 2U& Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay, with lot COxlOO;'
house of 4 rooms, 2 stories; 2 horses, wasron.
etc.; price $3000; not all cash required; a
rood business. Call R. C. WILKE, 2G}_
Kearny st. '
A— $700; SALOON; estab. many years; 3 yearn'
loasp; rent $50; located close to Kearny and
California £tr.; elegant fixtures; a good busi-
ness and a bargain, that's all. Bee R. G.
W1LKC, 20»_ Kcarny et. •
A — $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; cc.rd and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest Investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE: 20M: Kearny st.
A— J.M00: GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment in Oakland; clone to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other investments only cause o£ sale. See
It. G. WILKE, 2GV_ Kearny St.
A— $1200; BAKERY, retub.- years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes 4t_ barrels
per day; daily Bales $15; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2G# Kearny Bt. -
A— $350; THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent $150; nurrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $12&oTDELICATESSEN and dairy produce
-tore; close to Market and Stockton sts. ;
large stock; clean at least $250 per month;
full value In Bight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE, 21H. Kearny et.
A — $500; BRANCH, bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 20H Kcarny st.
A— $2200; SALOON, "with lease, estab. years;
vicinity Fourth St., Market and Stockton;
place speaks fcr Itself; all particulars. R.
G. WILKE, 2Gi,_ Kearny Bt. •
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 16 fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $65; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26V. Kcarny st. ■
F. A. BKOOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1840,
BUSINESS AGENT, •
S17 Market St., bet. Filth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS. :
A— 5775; CIGAR stand; Market St., near Call
bldif. ; old established; good stock and fix-
tures: fine trade; 2'/_ years' lease; cheap rent.
Only with BRCOKBANK. 017 Market st. I
A— $200; PARTNER in w«ll-establi.hed office
business clearing- $75 to $1CO mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; np experience required;
an opportunity seldom offered. Brookbank.
A— $500; DELICACY store; north. Market; fine
location; good trade; 4 living room?, fur-
nished. BROOKBANK.
A— $7C0; SALOON; old established; finely 'fit-
ted Al location; cheap rent; 3 years' lease;
don't fail to see this*. BROOKBANK.
A — J325; C-ROOM corner flat en Larkln st.;
good location for dressmaker. BROOKBANK.
A — $Cof>; OYSTER and chop house; corner busy
Bt.; dally recpts $.'J0; cheap rent. Brookbank.
BILLIARD-HALL and cigar stand for sale;
$3t/0; must Bell. SCO Fourth st.
LAUNDRY route, wagon, horse, etc., for sale.
Particulars apply box 2C45, Call.
I WILL pay cash for a delicatessen store; one
prciTred in a Rood business locality. Ad-
dress, with location and price, to box 2064,
Call ofllce.
A PHYSICIAN, who is pharmacist, with $5C0,
can get small drug store with good practice
in San Francisco suburb. Box 2C22, Call.
$500 — PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness?; dutlpi easily acquired; good, profits.
Box 2U01. Call.
•
FOR sale — Saloon, 3087 Sixteenth at.; on ac-
count of Elckneps of proprietor; call be-
tween 10 and 11 a. m. only.
NEWSPAPER route; about 800 dally subscrib-
ers; also stationery store in fine growing lo-
cality. Inquire Call offlce.
WANTED — To lease; small hotel or saloon
or as manager in club or hotel; 20 years'
experience; city or. country. Box 2651. Call.^
WANTED — To buy a barber ehop. established,
or will rent place In good location for one;
give full particulars to box 150, Call office.
FOR Bale — Good paying business; Colorado
saloon, 047 Sacramento Bt., near Kearny; open
all night; nrst-class stand.
FOR ealo— Oyster and chop house, C03V4 Pout
St.: trouble between partners: must be sold.
BLACKSMITH ehop in Berkeley for sale;
$150: easy payments. Address 556A Natoma.
FOR sale — $750; grocery and bar; sickness
cause. 3C8 Eleventh Bt.
$2'0 — FINE stock of hair goods, counter and
show cases; great bargain. 1153 Market St.
SHOPROOM, 22x40, ground floor; cheap rent.
Broderlck St., between Geary and O'Farrell.
• EDUCATIONAL.
NKmT~ANinjAY ECHOOLs" foremen and
working boys; instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty; personal attention given;
thirty instructors; private coaching; ni£ht
law school; instructors from University of
California and Stanford University; indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
cither privileges of the association if desired;
International certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men, strangers coming to tha
city, directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
school; "the beneficial Influence of a great
moral Institution; our work is indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city; our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges In th«
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantages over
other schools, tuition lesti, instruction supe-
rior; we are not in business to make money,
but "to make men"; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the interior* Call
* cr write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of Prac-
tical Education for Men and Boys. H. J. Mc-
COY. General Secretary. San Francisco. Ad-
dress all communications to LE ROY BURNS
SMITH, Educational Director.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ktt et. ; established 18 years; life scholarship,
$00 ; bookkeeping, ehorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, t-pelling, etc.; positions secured;
the colleee refurnished with new typewriters
ar.d furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from 0 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal; exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind in the West; send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason.
WRITE to California Business College for in-
formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving into our new and elegant
building we want 800 students; ccme and
Join the great school of the West; 75-page
catalogue. 001-023 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colletre*;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor;' day and evening sessions, j Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk it
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S njGSIKESS COLtEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Oregg
rhorthand. Elli* bookkeeping. S. F. Business
Collere. 123G Market tt. ■ ■
ATTEND Gallagher-MarA Bustness College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business Collese. Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines & 'Electricity. 24 Post
st. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. #ur.
vty. assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S04. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st-. near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
KENT Law School:. always open; conducted by
practical lawyer*. KJC Parrott building:.
ESPANOL — Metodo practlco y progreslvo.
Rafael Serrano, !>30 California, cuarto nm. 4.
'BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462 ienry st. ■
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com*
- plete Fystera taught 139 Post St.. room 37.
TCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pina st — .Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cent*— The Weekly Call.
16 i a_:es, In wrapper, tor mailing, ?1 per year.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.'
A. CAMERON & CO., " Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rpominsr-houses, hotels and
(ill kinds of bualncaa chances.
_ 220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; B-year-contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing. $400 to #000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
80 roema; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap" rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
alt expenses; always full; snap; $550.
. C rooms; Geary; rent $20; flr.o little home; 3
rooms; r«nted for $26; price $200.
24 rooms; rent only $13C; flrst-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, birdseye maple furnl-
lYTnA extr * fine carpets; clears $05; prlca
?1800; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
2!> vooms; rent $85; lease: newly renovated
"P. '"""shed; can get 16 more rooms; good
thins; $1500.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
f n «Vlk di ne:: nne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part caah,
balance 8 per cent per year.
«J>a r ooma v r ent $S5; well furnished; all new;
l,«?A down> baIai >ce 1V_ per cent; fine buy; only
SC-room family hotel; bonton location; fine
lease; clearing $500 to $600 per month; always
full; part cash; balance time; owner sick abed.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little cera of a home; price $7f0.
12(5 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $3C0 cash, balance on Install- j
raents; price $S0O.
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing $80
month • part cash; must leave city; $1550.
. 7-room. new. modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on installments; Income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine beds; furnished new in June; first-class
transient; clears $175; sickness.
8 rocms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; cheap rent; oak an-1 cherry furnl.
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time. •
17 rooms; rent only $75; Ellis; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; clears; $60; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building; in
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-date; 0-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
14 rooms; rent $Co; California st.. fine loca-
tion; good furniture and carpets; price will be
made right, as owner must leave city.
63 rocms; Market' St.; rent only $300; fine
transient house; very central; liquor license;
can clear $250 to $350 per month: must be sold
within ten days to settle estate; only $700 cash
to get In. balance time; big snap.
_________ \
44 rooms; rent only $12T>; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease; running water; new
building; clears flCO; $1000 down; J2S0O.
0-room, new. modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost ovtr $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
00 rocms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; evtrythlng modern; flrst-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
>
13 rooms; rent $25; eom« housekeeping; clears
$.10; barn, with fine yard; half cash; balance
time.
7-room flat; rent $40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent. $400; elegant . new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
ing $000 per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; -well furnished; lit-
tle apartment hou&e; reduced to $1100. ■
CO rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
sient house; clears $200 to $250 per month;
will only take $700 to get In; must leave city;
price J2000.
106 rooms; cheap rent: flrst-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; going East.
120 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; flectrlc elevator,
lights; long lease; clears .$400 to $500 per
month; me el tl'e best buys In' the city.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low prlce.$350
34 room.-:; rent $C0; Just think $1550
' 23 rooms; rent $35; one floor $1100
6 rooms;, rent $20; a pick-up $130
20 rooms; clears $80; rent $40 $850
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $00. ..$1000
10 rooms: rent $50; clears $6"!; terms. . .$!)30
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 $l«>00
00 rooms; Market st. } liquor license. .. .$3500
12 rooms; California St.; rent $50; a snap. $750
10 rooms; Geary St.; 'clears $40; rent $23.$r»00
10 rooms; Bush St.; rent $37 50: only.. $450
18 rooms; U unfurnished; rent $45 $425
35 rooms; transient; lease... $1500
8 rooms; Post st. ; rent $32; only $250
12 rooms; Polk st.: partially furnlshed.$45O
A— $3250; LODGING-HOUSE of 33 rooms;
clearing $'J50 per month; lease; located close
to Market and Powell sts.; all sunny rooms;
furniture first-class; not all cash required.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2(H_ Kearny st.
A— $050: LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms; rent
$100; located close to Market and Stockton;
frood furniture and flrst-class paying. R. G.
y WILKE. 2Qt£ Kearny st.
$050— NICELY furnished transient house; 10
rooms; clears $C5. Call at 116 Eddy St.; no
agents.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at 100S Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I cuaranteee on all business proposi-
tions to be suceersful. My wonderful magnet
will brlnir reconciliation and lasting: peace
with the one you love; readings by mall most
satisfactory. ?2; readings dally. $1; develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER, 32T» Turk St.; life reader, busl-
ness medium; readings daily; clr.Tues & Frl.
EDWARD EARLE. 10r£ Ellis, readings daily,
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate-wrlier. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS,
ANOTHER GREAT. CUT IN PIU^S.
Call at onco and save $4. T
"His former $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
• PAUL DESTINE.
The flrst wglstered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart Is
true or false; tell whom and when you will
marry; In fact. I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself;
the controlling power implanted in your nature
so you can change the thoughts, intentions, {
actions or habits . of any one secretly; Ions!
standing disease and the most obstinate cases
of lost vitality cured without medicine; there
Is no life so hard and blighted, no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely that cannot be eet right and kept right
after a visit to this remarkable man; he In-
sures you success or charges nothing for his
■services. t -
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday. 2 to «.
*■ 326 — O'Farrell st. — 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. \ THE , FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurato description of the pact, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic. love or business troubles, con-
sult this Croat medium and you will be told
how to ovtrcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4503.
ISMAR, the ■ Egyptian gypsy. ! clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently .located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory an in i person; 3 questions answered. $1;
• fulllife, $5; Bend lock of hair, date of., year
of birth; don't send currency: send poptofflce,
Wclls-Fargo money order or registered letter.
CLAIRVOYANTS- — Contlnned.
v KHEM. THE MYSTIC,
Is sojourning at 330 Polk St.. city (suites 3
and 4), where, he gives marvelous life read-
ings by ancient Egyptian occult knowledge,
transmitted to chosen Initiates three succes-
sive ages from earliest antiquity: this knowl-
edge covers, in the readings, every condition
of human affairs, and gives for one dollar
unexcelled enlightenment ' regarding- present
and future. - '. . • \
THE only original Roman Gypsies In the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, trance
mediums; we have given readings to 10,000
people In San Francisco since our arrival;
they are satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. & palm.;
I ■■correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c: G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. Offlce hours, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m., C 4th st. ; 7 p. m. to 10 p. m. at resi-
dence. 835 Howard st. ; Sundays at residence.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fall try me;
good readings 10c. 721 Franklin, nr.G.G. ave.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal seer, life reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
life; special, $1 this week only. 480 Geary.
MAE F. FERN, card reader of 100 Fifth st.,
removed to 118 Ninth st.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 917 Market, rms.
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-0.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 25c:
gents 50c; hours 1 to 9. 120 Cth St.. room 13.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. BJlOWNt^clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Cth to 23^_ Cth; la. 25c; g. BOc
MRS. SIIAFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 448i_ Jessie St., bet. Cth and 6th.
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEA.VISO.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without - removal: price moderate.
8. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. S55-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. - Tel. Mission 223.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleanins: Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Hariscn st. : tel. Mission 2G3.
»
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
S.TI Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 26.
COLLECTION OmCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 55S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
r^O^tsTT^Wo7fe~sTr^enT'$12; key at 4
Wolfo St.: Folscm-st' cars.
CTJRES BOTTTOE.
WHO?— Hunter, 1200 Market St.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
DEXTISTS.
DR. MURPHY, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldgTiMarket
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
dcr; the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewitt, 204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AMI SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; doublo
stamps en dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mllllnery~School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve class 1019 Mkt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GiET^o^hVlp"aT~p!NE~JAPANESF. EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecieanlng Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church: shone Poik 36tt3.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best bvlp; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help.. 426 Powell st. TeL Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emr'I Offlce; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Su-ckton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Jfipanese-Chlnese Employment Of-
fice; all klndk help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINESE and! Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 19V)7. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
EMPLOYM15XT WAXTED — FEMALE.
SITUATION Wanted by lady as bookkeeper or
cashier; S gears' experience in market and
grocery; tlrst-class reference; reasonable sal-
ary expected. Box 2041), Call offlce.
AS demonstrator by lady who has had 8 years'
experience selling groceries; will sell any line
of goods; good references. Box 264S. Call.
COMPETENT middle-aged colored woman
would like r. situation as Child's nurse. 2740
Greenwood ft.
A PLACE wanted by capable woman to do
housework >|> a small family in city. 445
First Bt. *
RANTED — Si Elation to do light housework and
caie for children; good references. Address
box 2027, Ctftl offlce. ..-V-:
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
desires permanent position. Box 2631, Call.
IF the Congregational Church or the Church,
of England is sending out any missionary to
any of the foreign lands, a lady wishes to
go with them as an attendant. Address MISS
. J. JOHNSON. Main Postoflice, S. F.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and re-
liable, deslros position as stenographer and
bookkeeper; Oakland or San Francisco. Box
2t>C0. Call office.
A PAST middle-aged lady desires position as
housekeeper or companion: wages, $15 a
month. Box 270S. Call offlce.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or sweeping; $150 a day
and carfare. Box 2(U0. Call offlce.
A GERMAN lady would like a position as gov-
erness. Phone John 2091 or addresa 578
Twentieth gt.. Oakland.
WANTED — By a reliable colored woman, situ-
ation to dc chamber work; wages $30 per
month. Adlress 1C58 Seventh St.. Oakland.
A LADY tak a washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page>i047.
JAPANESE (5-1 wants position to do cooking,
and housewiS k In city. 1109 Pierce st.; tel.
Scott 17«>. V
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch |>f flee, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT adR-«I\d subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eater's Bwzaaj-, 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYJgEXT, WAXTED MALE.
WANTED — By energetic young man, position
in wholesale or retail grocery; nine years'
experience; _ .reliable: flrst-class references;
salary not £o much an object as permanent
position. R;x 2G54, Call offlce. . ! :
WANTED — Byii a good dry goods and notion
salesman, a place with an up-to-date house:
have traveled for years In the East; good
references. (Box 2CI0, Call ornce."
BARBER, first-class American young man. de-
sires position at Mountain resort season 1904;
steady, reliable; state particulars, etc.; city
references. Box 2G15, Call ofllce.
BY middle-aged man as clerk or buyer;_as-
. sist clerk in hotel; 12 years as buyer for
wholesale grocery house: good reference. Ad-
dress box 1040. Call offlce, Oakland. >
THE creat modern system cutter on ; gents'
garments; 27 years^of age; 14 years' experi-
~ ence; in country or city. 430 Natoma St., city.
POSITION wanted In wholesale, commission
or packing/house by sober, reliable man; best
city references. Box 2017. Call office.
WANTED— By. a competent gardener and
greenhouse man. private place or .Institution;
best of references. A. W., box 2614, Call.
BOY; lo. wants work on farm; has had some
experience. Address B. Z.. S41A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS, experienced bookkeeper and
stenographer desires employment '. evenings -
best ; references: reasonable. Box ■ 2042, CalL
BARTENDER wants position in city; steady
and reliable; references. Address M - si's
Stanyan st. ... _. _ ''.
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED MALE.
RELIABLE man, 26, wants position In private
place/ city or suburbs; flrst-class horseman
and driver; generally useful; .thoroughly-
competent In every respect; best of refer-
ences. Box 2615, Call offlce. _^
PRIVATE records accurately kept; books
opened; closed trial balances; statement! sent;
advertising lists furnished; addressing, etc.;
representative salesmen, solicitors; collections;
reliable; confidential. Address box 150, Call.
AN experienced buyer and manager is open for
engagement; men's, clothing, hats, furnishing:
goods; thoroughly competent to take full
charge; first-class in every respect; knows
how stock should be handled to make money;
in cr out of the city: principals only. Ad-
dress box 2322. Call office.
MECHANICAL fhgineer wishes position as
draughtsman; build steam, gasoline engines,
etc. Box 2535, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS mechanical and electrical
draughtsman d.slres employment. -Address
A. C. B., S12 Bristol St., West Berkeley.
WANTED — A position as master mechanic with
a lumber or mining railway company, by a
man with 15 years' experience. Address box
1032. Call offlce. Oakland.
ELECTRIC engineer wants position aa drafts-
man; long years' experience. Box 2537. Call.
SOBER, reliable man wishes position tending
bar or porter; can speak German. Box 2644.
.Call office. >___
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 3-3, wants position
as night w-Ttchman; can furnish, references.
Address I. B. ( 756 Folsom st.
HOUSE painter, Al stage hand (non-union),
wants work: Job or day work done. Box
2662. Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, flrst-class
offlce man. desires position; good references.
Address box 2657. Call.
AN active, sober man, handy with carpenter
tools, wants wcrk; has. email capital to in-
vest. Box 2528. Call office.
GOOD Japanese boy wants a position as cook
I or houseworker. A. TOKAHASHI. Japanese
Y. M. C. A.. 121 Haight st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position at
housework and help cooking. F. U.. 1040
McAllister St.; tel. Fell 71S1.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fiilmore.
FEATHER REXOVATIXO.
BY new, healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co., 325 Van Ness ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
FIXAXCIAL.
___________
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 0
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association, 516 California
it A. A. Watklns, president: Charles R.
Bishop, vice president: S. Prentiss Smith,
tree surer: Clarence Grange, secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
(George C. Boardman and Charles E. Ladd.
directors: Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $8,000,000; paid in capi-
tal. $1,000,000; reserve fund. $200,000.
UNLIMITED trust funds to loan on real estate:
any plan, amount or place. R. MASSON
SMITH, attorney, 5th floor Mills building.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
■t., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us glv«
yoi» a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want: STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 10S9 Market at.; services abso-
lutely free. ' -
NEW flats: Just completed; every possible con-
venience; close to main entrance to park;
■ all night car service; every room sunny;
rents from $27 50 to ?35; open 1 to 4. 762
Seventh ave., near Fulton st.
COLE. 790 — New top corner flat; 6 rooms;
bath: rent $40.
JACKSON. 3601 — Corner flat; 6 rooms; bath:
marine view; sunny; $17 50;call after 2 p. m.
SUTTER, 2515 — New flat: 8 rooms: attic and
basement; rent reasonable to right party.
HAYES. 1743. near park entrance — Sunny up-
per flat; 4 rooms; bath; rent $17.
FLAT. 9 rooms, bath, sink and washrooms;
rent $27 60. Key 2946 Mission st.
MODERN corner flat, 7 rooms, bath; large
cellar. 425 Shrader st.
FLATS TO LET — FUR.MSHED.
NICELY furnished; 7 rooms; modern through-
out. 1256 California st.: call 12 to 2.
FLATS FOIt SALE — FURXISHED.
CHEAP — Beautiful, newly furnished flat; six
rooms; call afternoons. 1524 Webster st.
FURMTl'ItK FOR SALE.
A — $100 NO. 7 combination coal and gas
range; used 2 weeks; $50. 403 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Oak bedroom set, folding bed and
hall carpet. 409 Tenth st. !•-'■"-
FCRXITL'RE WAXTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture . nd mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt.: tel. Howard 2756
HELP TVAXTED — FEMALE.
COOK for family, kitchen helper kept $50
Kitchen helper, same place $25
4 cooks, German style .....$3O-$35
Infant nurse, call early $20
Nurse girl, 2 children. San Rafael $_O
Chambermaid and waiting, springs hotel.. $25
Pastry cook, family boarding-house $35
4 second girls $20-$25-$30
Ironers for laundry, country $9-$ 12 week
Companion, two grown children $23
44 general housework girls, city and coun-
try- • • • < $2U-S_t5-$oO
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 >Butter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook, $20-$25;
experienced nurse. $30; laundress, $30; fami-
ly cook, $30; professional French cook. $40-
$50. S. J. BEAN, 17 Fourth et. ; phone Bush
107. : .
A — NURSE. $35; laundress, $30; cook. $33;
2 second girls, $25; 2 nursegirls. $25 and $20;
German nurseglrl, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc. ; trade .taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to nil Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both 'seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A FIRST-CLASS millinery maker wanted. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A woman who is a thoroughly ex-
perienced flrst-class hairdresser and mani-
cure. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
ART roods saleswoman with experience
wanted: also experienced -woman .to make
and sell paper, flowers. Apply between 9
and 11 a. ro. at HALE BROS.'
APPRENTICES wanted to learn the millinery
■ trade. AddIv between 9 xnd 11 a. xn. at
WANTED — For Alameda, refined middle-aged
woman for light housework and care of
grown children; good home; references In-
qulre Cafe. 15th flr. Call bid.. 11 to 4 o'clock.
WANTED— Stenographer and typewriter; steady
position: moderate ralary to commence, with
advancement later: give reference, experi-
ence and salary expected. Bex 2621, Call.
WANTED— Girl for general housework- small
. family; references. Apply 2837 Brotlerlck st
near Union, between 2 and 3 o'clock.
ACTTVE middle-aged woman; few~hours' work
afternoon. Box 2C23. Call offlce.
WANTED— A young German hotel cook Ttv-
' < l ulrw 1309 Stockton st.
j WANTED— Young woman as nurse for child 3
years old; must be refined and well recom-
mended; a Rood position for one who appro-
dates a good home; state age. experl-nce and
salary expected. Apply box 26581 Call effl "e
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan _ Church sta.
A n f s^CH offlce of The CallTor the reception
or^ntrt 1 Se i I^2 t \, an 5 subsc *lptlons has been
SSTLnTu ;n?p. s i arket £ 0PD0Slte «"»•
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
Office Open 7 a. m.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
lOirf we save VJOi we hope to
ebooO men work. Increase W.COtt
TO
ARIZONA.
SHIP DAILY.
Close to Prescott. S. F. & P. P- Route.
ARIZONA.
5CO Men for Railroad Work. Good Wages.
910 Miles. ARIZONA. #> !<>•
MISCELLANEOUS.
Carpenter. c:ty. *J day; blacksmith helper.
$40 and found: gardener. $25: milker, near
city. $1O and found; porter. $'_f>; tool sharp-
ener, mine, $3 50 day; carriase painter, coun-
try; ccok, country hotel, $K> an-1 found;
woodturner, planlng-mill. $3 5o day: C cooks.
4 waiter?. 7 dishwashers, farmers, choreman.
plow teamsters and milkers; tinsmith, coun-
try job; woodchoppers, good prices; milker,
S:skiyou County, fare paid, $;»t> and found;
terra cctta worker.
MINES.
GOLD AND SILVER.
5 single and double hand miners for gold
quartz mine, $32 50.
2 more miners by hydraulic mme, $32 50.
. MURRAY & READY. 6::4-«»6 Clay st.
A YOUNG man who can- speak Italian, Span-
ish, German, for this offlce; call 4 p. m. to-
day. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 1S5.
FOR NEVADA.
NEW GOVERNMENT DITCH WORK.
Teamster* '. 25c hour
Laborers 23c hour
Rockmen 27%c hour
Tunnel muckers 27^»c hour
Tunnel drillers 81ftc hour
FARE REFUNDED.
Hardpan blaster, country $3 day
. Young German to help In nursery. .$12 wejlc
Night engineer, city *«~
Second cook. ?2O week; fry cook, $15 week.
cafe, north, fare paid.
Broiler, flrst-class hotel, cafe, north. $20 wlc
Cook and wife and helper, institution, coun-
iry. party here, $100 found.
Waffleman, country hotel, free fare and $45
per month, room and board.
Vegetable cook, country hotel $33
Oysterman. city $45
C. R. HANSKN & CO 429 Bush St.
A — WANT to rent. BO teams for R. R. work in
California; scraper work; three months' work
euaranteed. For particulars apply C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
A — WAXTED — Contractors with from IS t»
2t> Teams for new railroad work; will fur-
nish scraoers if necessary;- work now ready
to sublet. Apply to C. R. HANSEL? & CO.,
429 Bush st.
GARDENER. J33 and found; choreman, $15
and found; dairyman. $35 and found; mar-
ried farmer and dairyman; restaurant cooks,
$16 and $18 week; dishwashers, and others..
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento at.
BARBERS, take notice — The offlce of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall sq.. or 15O4 Market st.
Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local 148. JOd.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
-__ _ _ _ _-_
Men ti? learn the larber trade In two monthi*
and secure gooJ positions; catalogue and f'lll
Information mailed free. MOLER .System
CoMegp. KU1 Clay st.
BAKBER «ho_> and living room for sale: op-
portunity ot a lifetime for married malt:
reason for leaving, sickness; will take $15©
cash and give trial; call and be convinced.
343 Sixth St.; no agents.
WANTED — A young dry goods man who un-
derstands dressing windows and make him-
self generally useful; references required.
Address R. G. & Co.. box 263G. Call offlce.
SALESMAN for music department; must hay*
thorough knowledge of sh!»et music, folios.
etc. Apply superintendent's office. The Em-
porium.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 nn.I
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic shoes,$-1 50: b»st shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Marfc't.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenters: also jrreen hands
for whaling cruise to arctic. DENT'S place
26 Steuart st.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 1»
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have sectired pensions.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 137
Third «t. .
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 60
Ellis at.
GOOD barber wanted. CZi Clay st.
GOOD barter war.tpd for Saturday evening and
Sunday. 1415 Valencia st.
— — ,
EXPERIENCED helper on hard candy. Apply
224 Battery st.
RELIABLE married German ; understands
tending bar; also can sell Indoors. 2663. CalL
BLACKSMITHS, carp^nt-ra. green hands and
sallora for whaling. Dent'a place. 26 Steuart.
DISHWASHER and lunch waiter wanted. 3S1
Bay st.
BOY wanted. Addre s» box 10. 1008 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 30; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. b!d.
WANTED — A thoroughly practical man for su-
perintendent of a ranch, where owner does
not reside: must understand the breeding and
care of fine stock, horses and cattle and hav<*
unquestionable references as to ability and
character. Address fully, stating salary «x-
pected, X. Y. Z.. box 2079. Call offlce.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
women, handle' merchandise contracts; good
compensation: easy propostlon to place-: in-
vestigate. Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 1».
Columbian bldg.. or 852 Broadway. Oakland.
MEN and women wanted to learn the barber
trade In 8 weeks for $15. under competent
teacher. Western Collese of Barbers, 647
Commerlcal St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Man of good address for permanent
position with mercantile company; spLtfdid
opportunity for light man. Address box 271.
Sacramento. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS two-chair barber shop. 63 mile*
from city: food business; for tale or ex-
change for city shop. L.' D.H RITI3. SOS
Green st.. city.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knoir
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 10O new rooms to the Denver Houae.
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
: ) YOUNG men, 18 years of age. to organizi
military organization. Call S. SZANIK. 473
Valencia St., bet. fl and 8 p. m.
A CTRST-class traveling salesman for a larg*
local tailoring firm; do not apply unless
thoroughly experienced. Apply box 2892. Cail.
EXPERIENCED city salesman for commission
ho«se;- references required. Box 2643, Call.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In 8. ri
Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place. 28 Steuart at.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
"WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms: 33c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and taggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
rpened at 100S Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET «£? u «J5, h ?* s half -»°led while waiting: 23<j
to 5Oc. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d stsT^
UOnSES~AXD WAGOxZ
FOR sale — A mule; works double and «!ng!s:
good Back animal. ROBERTS. 1615 Market.
38 *■*"'
A1 » Jr XPnESS , wa « on - "Kht camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st,
i^argest asscrtmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. su£
ray.haraess.work.drivlnghorses. 15th- Valencia
_ I ?5l*i^ E JjLl ro LET -
cular. G. H. UMBSEN_&_CO.. 2u Montgomery
MCALLISTER^ 12K0-12 rooms, bath ami bll-
llard-room: $6O: water free: modem.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 'JT. Pis? -t.
Hpl'SES TO LEI KC'K*_SHKP.
ON Russian Hill; one block from carsi m:is-
nmtciit view; large garden: billiard ubli
ind modern conveniences; 8 rooms am! bath;
leasonabie rent. Apply MISS HAMILTON.
li>13 Washington at.
HOUSES KinXISHED FOR SALE.
$650; MUST sell to-day; parties cotnst away';
8-roomed house; new furniture. 1009 But-
Ur atI H I ( j H C T if 1^ a •i^\ 1 I Al |H a [H a j J <J [>
INVESTMENTS.
BOXDK. STOCKS A N I~ MORTGAGES.
..•^.1- dt *»«l*nd-r-aylng securities (or sale.
• ■'•KMAXU 1NVKST CO.. 927 Market St.
LOST A\D FOUND
■■ 1K i-\ h * K *' ntlen 'a^ who on SundaT ev^nTngT
• "»*": *<• a* the pent*' hatroom at Saratoga/
Jian. fc*«) Oary et.. by mistake received u.
■ cray overeat. Hard with black ar.d stitched
*'M white, will please return «>.*• «amc al
- ? nc 1 l ° s * r »t°ra Hall he will save himself
« rarthtr trocble. as he is known.
LOST-- Two passbooks with the Hibernia Sav-
• • jr.r* anj Lcm Society of San Francisco one
L'\v- I18n «- of Ol'STAF and ALMA CARL-
>-<-)> and the other ir. the name oC ALFRED
and AUCirsTA JOHNSON. No. 231-14J8. other
number 38-863. The finder will please re-
__Uirn to bank.
' LO^T~; A P«"*<ock with tha Hlberr.ia Savings
• «na Loan Society of San Fra:i~i*eo. In the
. " am ' of ANDREW RTA94 or Margaret C.
Ryan. No. B7-28& The rtnj.-r will please ra-
r _.t«rn to bank.
p T — Thursday «?ven:r._. pair op«ra _1sa*CS
' t ird holder In Wlh=r tag. between Grand
• « ':-«*rt-hous<» and Techau Tuvoin; glasses on-
_J^\_d_Louis«». li*ward, 5OS Clayton St.
— B: *^k cocker spaniel dog; few white
nair* on breast; lost Feb. IT in vicirity or
y_™l and Oct&Vta. Libvral r« ward 1S17
aMejo «t.
kfJST — Brown purse eor.talninz silver, a we<I-
•dinc rJr.R a:i,1 2 photo coupons. Kinder keep
money. i-*»iurn ring- and purse to Call office.
LOST— A pas*bock with the Hiheroia Savin**
ana Loan Sot-ieTy of San Franc'Fcc. in the
.name of MAK1A ZOLEZZI. No. 2oO-.'9». The
•fintfer will please return to bank.
FOUND — Pointer «icjj: will Furrender on de-
scription and payment of keep. Uos 2W6.
• '"all of.-W.
MEDICAL,
LADIES desirin* safe, cure and quick relle'
.rvn irregularities cor.suJt me at once; my
rn*tno<3fc are always safe, palnl-ss and reil-
at>le; I have no failure*; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fee» : 17 year*' experience In all
.eiEal«. disorders; call or write without At\a.y:
• T-vli . rM>: rorr^rwndence continent ial.
•«I;R. WHITK. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
• MRS. DR. WYETH. ipeeUUst for all female
c . complaints: Instant relief cuaranteed; 30
.. • *»r»* experience; removed to KJ(i Pcwt St.
i !*__*; 5S KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
. niale iroubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
100-SU; Market st.. opp. 6th.
• DR . ?■ W k, VOOSVKLMs-Aa wt»»g» atefc or
~ trouble consult this speciatln on female
• complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate belped; the most difficult cases treated-
•• __«gv»ge free. Office. 1018 Market st.
• £5 G^° dWi? '' T33 Tu*rk. r.r. Van Ness-Expert
»n obstetrics, female complaints; inst. r. lief;
treatment flO; hoqrt. lo to 5; 2T> years exper.
C "^m R^' Pg *y*g»g ara NOISES in EARS
. positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
- faent free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Putter st.
MRS. p ALLEN. 1118 Market—Reliable ladies'
specialist ; & private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES u_S BXKDOO HERBS*
__crig:nal method cf treatment- 1123 Market st
DR. WESTON— Prompt fcr ladies: con-
«ult him frx. SOT. Kearny st. ; tel. Main 4S1.
w no?EN reside* 299.*i Folsom st.. corner
y*h: ladle*, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NQ TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
l nin souwre: ail dlseafps cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD^ MIXING
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one cf the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20,000 shares
of lt« rtock at 2Sc a share, the par value
beins f 1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent mln-
lr.£ txptrt. Is in charge of the work and re-
port* that the richness cf the mine is gaining
rapidly as the work advances: this stock will
ec tc $2 a share within the next 12 months:
Jntererted parties can see the quartz and gold
taken cut of this mine at the offle* of their
•t:*cs.l agents.
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 0C7 Market «t.
WANTED — A partner with flfxx} to work with
an evi*rt on some dump propositions. Ad-
-Vess h<,s a«l'.«. Call office.
. W1SCEL1.AXEO (S FOR ' SALE.
BOJLEIIS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN
' TOSH & WQLPMA.N. JUG-ia7 Fremont st.*
DOES YUUR ROOK LEAK?
Kepair it with *laterlte : In rolls easy to lay
r.e«d_ no paintlnr or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shir-sl"*: best for new roofs
.ELATERITE HOOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAXD machinery, boilers, engine? pumps
: patten. ehaTUr-K. etc.. *tc. bought, suld
rented and exchanged; see Sunday pape-s
Ii. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 1JU-132 Beaie '*'.
■A — KINK -uits. *7 50; dress pants. *2 50. Orig-
irml Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2^s Kearay at
r.*ar Bush; open to V p. tn., Sunday to noon!
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water p!p* shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-_i t i Spear st.
SHOWCASE; glass Jrcnt; rur.r.Jr.g drawers
and doors; 23 feet; price $50. BACIGALU-
PI'S PENNY ARCADE. &40 ilarket st.
AI-TEP^ATION sale — Best J2 50 hats fl 50
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearr.y st. near
Pine; open to 3 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
'TRY our men's shoes at ?1 and $1 50 pair;
foct-fcra ehoes at $2 50; we pay exp.-ess
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
Z'-. ■ . ROLL a.nd up: fine wail paper: samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
IOA.\. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson L321.
TWO thoroughbred Hc,'«tein bu!!s and a lot
• flr.e family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
STOCK YAPD. San Bruno road.
FOR rale — Plumbers' and carpenters' tools;
larire grinding stone; floor trucks with tracks,
at :.".■ Howard Et.
KOR sale — Five cabinet oval showcases: three
. 3 feM. one S feet and one C feet. 206 East st.
FDR ea'e — New casn register. 1700 Devisa-
<!ert» st.
KOR FALK — Gasoline schooner; cap. about SO
tons. Apply N. SULLIVAN. 2S RHch st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1223 Market St.
DHFKS bourht, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 1*1 Mission; tel. Bush 4e7.
MILES cf pipe «nd flttiiyr*: tH eltes. EU"-
GEKE RILET & SONS. K* Vallejo st.
SOSIK rood second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
* IS h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines chesip: Chlcag'ws, Twentieth
jOnturie*. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 823 Market.
DESKS and safe*; «e* the complete line at 1S16
Market, ab. Van N«s. RICHARDSON BROS.
CjM r ES — N*w aniJ secona-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
IaFES— New ar.il eecond-band. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches;
a!l sires. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK fcr prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER tc CO.. 110 Montr y.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 18 pecee, sent to any address Jn the
t;n'.t*a Ftates or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED — To buy Empire diamond contracts
t>!'« S3000. Box 2722. CaJI offl:«.
URGE re<-ond-hand safe wanted. BACIOA-
LUPI PENNY ARCADE. 840 Market st.
I~PAY hirhert prices for all klnis of ca*t-off
clWhla*; tend posul. M0RRI3, 114 Harriet.
BOOKS sad libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
HIS Market «t.; phone Jeasie 3741. or postal.
T*LTON w*nu rood seccniJ-hand clothing and
• theatrical good*. 154 9th «t.; teL Jessie 2&5L
MO.\EY TO LOAJV^^
AAA-iiKRMAN ' iivnpui',
<JQl-Wi-atXl Examiner Building.
.* • Quick settlements ; no disappointment.
Save expense* by dealing directly,
nrtktes. second mortgages, undivided inter-
«**ts. astissments of rents* property In trust,
1 «*:.; legacies, life estates and undivided ln-
/crcfts In property purchased.
Coiirteous treatnjent. fctrJctly confldentlal.
When You TCeed Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. _
~YTILL IJOAN
A reasonable amount on
• . ' 1st. I'd or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
•"*•""-," of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
* Box 4(». Call office.
ANY* amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
fslrot rates' etrictly confidential. National
<>eriit Cc. «S Ponohoc bldg.. 1170 Market st.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail roer-
fh_nts tenmrtcrs. bonrdinir-houses. without
r^curity; *-«>' payments; Ur*<> business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. M3 Parrott blag.
MONEY TO LOAN— Contlnoed.
HIGHLY rerpectable private place to obtain,
libvral advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
!»er cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
SiO Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch. l'J Third.
A — 1 rr cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al. tv> commission, no publicity* $25 up: quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JAOOBSON & CO.. financial broker*. Emma
?pre<kels bl«!r.. rm. 021: loans ami all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
Money to loan on low Interest: gold, silver,
•linmonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10- Grant ave..
' LOAN'S FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW ensy method — To wag* earners on unin-
<1or?ed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Ccmpany. rooms, 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried . people without security: on furni-
ture, ir.dori^;^ nctes and other security. S. F.
Dlrcount Agency, H.1 Phelan bldg^
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy: no i-ommipsioniinstallnients accepted.
BONULLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
«X).. 70S Market St.. room 207.
ALL loans on diamond* and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank.'o3S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TP.EMAIN, room 81. « Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 100-1 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
I STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 31!, Mutual Hav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
indorrcr. MORELL. 00t> Examiner building.
MUSICAL. I.VSTUC3IKNTS.
A FINK SELECTION Of i'lANO 11AKUA1NS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chickering; walnut case; n<arly new.
Steinway; about a year old.
Knabe; wainut case; finest. largest size;
nearly n*w.
Stelr.way; larsest sire: fine condition.
Sterling: mahogany case; largest size.
Standard: oak case; Kood as new.
Hainea Brothers. the genuine; mahogany
case: nearly new.
Pteok; larcest size.
S-teck: medium size; mahogany case; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns: cood condition.
Steck grand piano: good as new.
Steinway grand piano; In good order.
PRICES FROM $12ri UP.
SQUARE PIANOS.
Including such makes as Weber. Steinway,
Haines Kranich & Barh and others, from
$10 un." BENJ. CITRTA7. & SON,
Chl'-kering Agents.
Curtaz bulldinc. 10 O'Farrell st
OPEN SATURDAY EVF.NINGS.
ONLY piano housa in the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purchane
price; sole agents for McPhait. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SCO Hayek
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
SoO up; greatest bargains ever offered in San
Francisco; all makes; rents $2 up; Install-
ments ?4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary st.; Oakland address, 12.12 Broadway.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will he eold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEADS storage. 1036 Market st.
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new and
tecond-hand organs; very easy payments.
403 Market St.. second floor.
rCEW pianos «old on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 18 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; f!35. 237 Geary et.
$63 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany: nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister st
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. KeefIe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
OFFICES AXP STORES TO LET.
FOR rent from March 1— Stores. 10.19-IOfil
arket st. Apply immediately. . George
D«vls. Central Theater, or SHAINWALD.
. BUCK BEE & CO.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 1*° Geary »t.. opp. City of Paris.
PEHSO.\ALS.
MRS. ANNIE TOSSELL of Chicago wishes to
meet hei sister. MRS. ROBERT MATLAND.
formerly Miss Alice Rodger of Scotland, or
communicate with her at 1:08 Vicksburg et.,
San Francisco. British Columbia, papers
Il^ape topy.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses Ecalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
eept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1'XiS Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Ostecpathy: vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and" Mrs. Morris. 400 Geary.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 2S1 Grant ave.,
corner Butter et. : fee moderate.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, ehows
the work that Is the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morehine and all drug dis-
eases pOFltively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1373 Waller; consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Poet, parlors U and 14
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
cays cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cura Co..
VJ1 Market lit., room 203.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall, Howard St.. near
bth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
S00 GOLDEN GATE ave., cor.— Laundry, barber
shop, cigars, tobaccos, news, cults cleaned.
J. W. SPARROW. Jeweler, formerly of 107
Geary st.. has moved to 218 Post st.
Actina restores lest eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle fpeciallst, 3C3 Sut-
ter. r. W3. Miss Eator., 233 Geary, room 3JJ.
Ben Marche Pants Co.: special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 ■& 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Travers, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE eutt $7 60; dress pants |2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; (I: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
Of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
rALJ>:yrKV.
11ME UEVAS. scientific palmist and aitrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $1 ; open Tuesday evg. also. ViV Post st.
MME. NEEHGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
XI. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. $15
Taylor ft. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
rAI'EK II AX CIXG.PA.IVri > «♦ ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting,
Hartrr.ann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
FUYSICIAAS A.\D SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 *rt Market st.. bet. (ith and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CW Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, cucceoeor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dls-
ease« cured hy Chinese herbs. 746-K Clay st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage St Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard «t., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCK-RODOLPH Storage &. Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN*6 storage — Furniture and merchan-
<jUe. 233 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
MlMion St.; tel. Howard 04L F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Filimore St.: phone Jackson 2$1.
IFeKIN'S Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et.; leL Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
...A rtpST SUBSTANTIAL GIFT... ■
I FREE I Tn Aff Classified Advertisers -| FREE I
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S .CALL /
Crown Band Pater With Msior Ink Pad
The "CROWN" has dating for seven years .and stamp for "PAID," "RECEIVED,"
"ENTERED," "ANSWERED" and "ACCEPTED." It has a nickel finish, is strongly
■ constructed and makes a very suitable article for general and office use. ::::::
CROWN DATING STAMP AND EXCELSIOR PAD. $&
TELL YOUR WANTS
S> IN NEXT SUNDAYS CALL I
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS of that popular and valuable advertising medium.
It is safe to figure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom arc home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares.
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sun-'
day's Call.
• . Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until 11 p. tn.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m._ '
615 Larkln street; open uhtil"9:30'p. m. -
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open until 9 j>. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. •
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE:
Schneider's Book Store Park street
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPINO. ;
BELVICDERE. 141—3 or 4 sunny furnished
rooms; bath: garden; Panhandle district.-
DE NORMANDY. 603 Post— Nicely furn. rms..
$2 week up; also hekpg. $4 to $7 a week.
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furnished eunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 439— Furnished room for
housekeeping; gas and water.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay-window
suite 2 rooms; also large single room; gas
range, bath and laundry.
HAIGHT^ 17S6— Elegant new sunny hkpg.
rooms; fur. or unfur.; laundry; bath; phone.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rat« $30 up.
JESSIE, 333 — Large front parlor; newly fur-
nished; housekeeping; range; water; $10.
LARKIN, 810 Vi— Nice, clean, sunny room; light
housekeeping; $10 per month.
POLK, 1018 — Sunny, ground floor rooms; gas,
bath, phone, etc.; reasonable.
SPRUCE. 101 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; use of bath, etc.; line neigh-
hood; |15; call after 2 p. m.
TAYLOR, 011— Sunny single housekeeping
room; gas ror.ge; $0 50.
THIRD. 308 — One grand sunny front room. 2
windows, $10; others $6; running water.
VAN NESS, 1008 — Large sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges If desired;
good board in Immediate vicinity.
APAETMEMT SOUSES.
GLENDORE— New apartments on Pine st..
east of Van Ness ave.; 5 and C rooms eacft.
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now approaching completion;
open for inspection. HOOKER & LENT, 14
Post st. . :
THE LUNGER. 445 Octavla, cor. Hayes — Just
completed: sunny; modern 3-rrn. apartments;
elegantly .furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $iO up; refs.: also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room '
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges: $30 to $55.
St. Andre, 1230 Pine — New" management: superb
aptmts;strictly first-class; steam heat ;elec trio
lights ;priv. ;phone;elev. ;1 to .1 rms. .with prlv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. "WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
HADDON HALL. ~
951 EDDY 8T. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom ets. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 60 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 p*r night, $1 25 to $9 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth «t)— Rooms, 25c, 60c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMING8 (The), 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny.single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
wate>. steam heat, electric lights, phone
every room; elevator; breakfast if deslrod..
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
EDlNlimiG^r^iE7^3TTpowelTrcor. Geary-
Sunny suites and offices; also single rooms.
FERN HALL. 812 Bush— Elegantly furn. rom»;
all sunny; termB reasonable: references. .
FOR slncle gentleman, in private home (no
other roomers), a large sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and .'{ blocks from panhandle.
Address Box 2024, Call office.
FREDERICK, 557— Well * furnished rooms;
Oolden Gate Park view and invigorating air;
reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $G wk.; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. PAUL, 403 Ellis St.— New house
and now furniture; steam heat; hot water;
free baths: house npen and elevator service
all night; transient. M. E. GRANT, former-
ly at the Vendome, 1104 Market st.
JESSIE, 3KI, east U. S. Mint— Furnished room,
$<<; for two, $8.
JESSIE, 304— Furnished front room to let.
LAMBOURNE HOTEL— ~~
Eler*Dtly furnished rooms, en suite and sin-
gle; rates reasonable; close to town. 420
Eddy st.
MISSION, S37A — Furnlthed rooms by the day,
week or month; prices reasonable.
NINETEENTH, 3018— Sunny 'front furnished
room, with u*e of kitchen, laundry and
bath, for a dressmaker, nurfft or man and
wife; with an old lady; no children; reason-
able.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
8T. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A eunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SIXTH, 543 — Larre rear room; suitable for
storage or workshop; $7. Inquire in barber-
shop.
STJTTEIt, 1120 — Four «unny rooms, lower por-
tion of residence; suitable for ladies', tailor,
milliner, doctor or dentist's offices.
THE MENDIS, 1141-1151 Market— Nice Mar-
ket-st.. suites, $5 and $6 per week; no tran-
sient.
THIRD, SOS — Rooms, 25c. 60c. 75c and U per
night; $1 to $4 week; nice, quiet; bath.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooiTis, ".V< to $1 night, $1 70 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gat), running water in every
' room; clevator.read.-room: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 319 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms-
35c to $1 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House', 202 Sixth — Electric light In
every room; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a
week: open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
o'j advertisements and subscriptions has been
'fened at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
open until 11 p. m.
r ROOMS AJtP I TiOATip...
■IT" vvv ~T1hotel hatton - — : .
077 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; iirlvate baths; .all modern conven-
• icnecs; excellent ; table. .•
••■-*•. HOTEL BALTIMORE. ~~~
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
■' PHONE PRIVATE ; EXCHANGE 706.
HOWARD, 841 A— First-claim board, with room,
single or double, $4 50 and $5 week; American
family; home cooking;: home comforts; piano.
EDDY, 824— Nicely furnished, warm, sunny
roomo. {8 and : $10; breakfast and dinner. if
J^JOMS AXD nOARD---Contlnped.
O'FARRELL, 1420— Large sunny room for two
with first-class board; bath: ohon*.
HANDSOME parlors with board; also single
roomg or housekeeping. 226 Guerrero at.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
SKWISG MACHINES AND feuPPLIES
WE have several slightly shopworn sewing ma-
chines we shall cloee at half price or less at
once. 'White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post.
WE want three live canvassers at once! Ap-
ply at 300 Post st., from 8 to 9 a. m
White Sewing Machine Co*
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
best is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any price: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office, 1C31 Market, near Sixth.
XEW HOME— See our new triple.feed ma-
chine*: slightly used: $10. $15. »20; second-
hand. $3. $5. JS; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
WRITERS AJVD^SCPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remlngton.~NorTi
Smith Premier. $23; other typeswrlters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th«
Typewriter Exchange, 330 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: Bet par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
VVeb*ter Typewriter Tnapec. Co.. COS Market.
PROl'IISAU. " ~
CONSTRUCTING Quartermaster's Office.
Vancouver Barracks. Wash.. Feb. 15. 1904. —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until H a. m March 17,
1904, and then opened in the presence of
attending bidders, for constructing, plumb-
Ing, heating, gas piping, electric wiring and
gymnastic apparatus for a gymnasium and
post exchange at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.
Plans and specifications and full information
will .be furnished on application to this of-
fice. Plans may also be seen at the office
of the quartermaster at Seattle. Wash., and
at Fort Wright, Wash. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part . thereof. En-
velopes should be Indorsed "Proposals for
Public Building at Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.," and addressed to Captain W. .C.
WREN, Constructing Quartermaater. Van-
couver Barracks, Wash,
SAN FRANCISCO. . Cal.. January 23, 1004—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February
23 1904. and then opened, for construction
of frame lavatory. Including plumbing, at
Fort Mason. CaL Government reserves tha
right to reject or accept any or all 'bids In
whole or in part. Information furnished on
application to WM, 8. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster, General. Chief Q. M.
LECALADVERTIiiEMEMTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
Of San Francisco. State of California, Pro-
bate—In the matter of the estate of HARRY
A. L. FLOYD GOPCEVIC. deceased. No
20074, notice for publication of time appoint-
ed for probate of will, C. C P., sec. 1303—
Notice is hereby given that MONDAY the
29th day of February, A. D. 1904, a t 1 0
u' clock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of said court, at the
City Hall, In the city and county of
San Frarftisco. State of California, have been
appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of nald HARRY A. L. FLOYD
GOPCEVIC, deceased, and for hearing the
application of HENRY E. MATHEWS and
PETAR M. GOPCEVIC for the Issuance to
them of letters testamentary thereon.
(Seal) JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
' By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
Dated February 15. A. D. U»04.
'Indorsed: Filed February 15 1004.
JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
. By E. S. HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk.
JOHN F. DAVIS and BISHOP. WHEELER
& HOEFLER, Attorneys for Petitioner*,
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & Co..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
170,000—12 decant fiats and a 3-story house;
rents $73 per mo.; l.'l7:tixloO; corner.
$27,500— Rents $22*>0 per annum: a choice cor-
ner on Fulton at.; splendid improve-
ments; consist of store and «> flats, all
in perfect order and steadily rented;
50x75.
I21.5CO— Western Addition business property;
Improvements modern and elegant; con-
sist of utoraand 2 flats; 37:6x5*0:10^; 2
prominent streets.
?17,50O— Pacific avenue; marine view; resi-
dence 12 rooms; finished basement; wine
room, servants' room, etc. ; house coet
?2C,rmO; lot over 30-feef front.
516,500— Ele«ant Pacific Heights lot; eS:0x
127:8^4.
116,000— Rents $loS0 per annum: marine view;
3 elegant; new, modern flats of S rooms
and bath each; large lot, 32x128:0; in-
side of Larkin st.
113,500— Folsom st. business property; 2 front-
ages; rented very low at $ltt$2 per an-
num; store and flats; lot 3?:tix'<M).
$12,000 — Rents $1200 per annum; 2 elegant
new flats; Flllmore St.; 8-7 rooms and
bath each; finished basement; 27:6x100.
$10,500— Rents $DOtt per annum; flats In good
condition; corner in the Western Ad-
dition; CCxTfi.
$10.000— NJce holding to improve; Ellis st. :
double frontage; large lot: old Improve-
ments; rent nominal: make offer.
$10,000— Rent $U00 per annum: business cor. In
'Hayes Valley; 3 houses and lot 30x75.
$9,000— Rents $9CO per annum; 3 flats and
■ lot 25x87:6; Buchanan st. ; mortgage
of $500 at 0 per cent can remain; this
Is a.barraln.
$7,500— Inside of Larktn and California ets. ;
rents $t!30 per annum; 2 flats of 0 rooms
and bath each. I
$6,500— Rents $540 per annum; near Duboce 1
Park; 2 flats of 6-5 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation, etc. ; large lot. 25x150.
$6,000 — Mission st. ; business location; house
of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x00.
$5,250 — Rents $540 per annum: Castro-st. busi-
ness property; store, flat and stable;
large lot. 37x125.
$4,500 — Rents $4S0 per annum; Mission warm
belt: 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation, etc.; S&xlOO.
$4,500 — Rents $540 per annum; near Taylor st.
and Broadway; 4 flats and lot 37:8x60,
$3,250 — Rents $324 per annum; near Market
and Seventh sts. ; 2 flats of 4- rooms; 25x
80.
$3,000 — Cozy cottage; Mission warm belt; on
line of electric road; cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.: 25x114.
$?,800 — New, modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; Mission warm belt; lot 25x114;
only $350 cash; balance easy install-
ments.
$2,400^ — Pierce St.. close in; 5-room cottagp, in
good order; 2Gxi:<7 :15.
$1.200^ — McAllister-st. lot. 20:4x137:6; cheap.
For further particulars of the above, and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. TMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots close to Du-
boce Park; bltuminized streets: lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding* admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable figure; diagram,
price and all particulars at our office.
G. H. I'MBSEN & CO.,
'"^-'■V; 20 Montgomery st.
W. J. GUNN.
C30 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$2,100— The price asked; to-day we received In-
structions to submit any offer made lor
corner lot on Webster St.. 2oxlOO; grad-
ed, sewers In, street work done on both
streets; a few steps from the t'nion-at.
cars and Fillmore-st. electric cars; we
have Just sold the opposite corner, same
size, for $2450; make an offer.
$0,000 — Baker St., northwest corner; 137 :6x
137:6; a fine purchase; very cheap; both
streets sewered; cars pass; cheapest 50-
varaln Western Addition; reduced from
$ll,dOO.
$3,000— Lake-st. corner; 32:6x100; Sacramento,
st. cars pass every few minutes; brick
sewer In; all street work done; a Hne
buy; for a business corner: with flats
above; will pay well to Improve.
$5,000— Lake St.; 5 choice lots. 23x100; street
work done; lots graded; on opposite side
lots are held at *ii;u» to $1.MH) each.
$3. 750— Clement st. : 78x115; suitable for stores.
10,500 — Larkin st. ; 2 flats; wide lot; 7 rooms
and bathroom in each.
*9.50O — Broderlck st.; 2 flats; a corner.
$1.000 — Lake-st. corner; lovely marine view;
32 Mix 100.
$50,000— Two grand corners; 275x137:6; Pacific
Heights; panoramic marine view.
Lots north of Golden Gate Park on all the
avenues; good for investment or building
residences.
$10,000 — Webster-st. corner: '110x100; cheap;
fine lot to Improve; all street work done'
W. J. GUNN,
G30 CALIFORNIA ST.
BARGAINS— *~
$.'{700— House of eight rooms; modern: lot
25x114: sunny side Army st.. between Dolores
and Church sts.: rents for $30.
$3500 — House of seven rooms; modern; lot
20x125; Fair Oaks St.. between Twenty-fifth
and Twenty-sixth; easy payments; rents $2S.
$2500 — Cottage five rooms and bath; Junction
Precita ave. and Army st. ; lot 25x100; easy
payments; rents for $18. J. F. PLUMDK,
1402 Valencia at.
TOU can buy a lovely home In San Mateo, on
car line, house of 8 rooms and bath. barn,
chicken house, lot 100x180. $G00O; $100O down,
balance $C2 50 per month. 'D. COFFIN A
CO.. 3303 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest prices for building* and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yards.
$3000 — TWO 4-room cottages on Lombard st..
near Larkln; unobstructed marine view from
both; rent $24; lot is worth the money. Ap-
ply 1221 Lombard st.
IF you have a house and lot In Pan Francisco
that is mortgaged and you want to get out
to the best advantage, address, with particu-
lars and price, box 154. Call office.
Bl'ILD 'on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers, 83fi Howard st.
REAL. ESTATE— Conn try-— For Sale.
5227 Merced Rlverr^Serced^o.T^CaT^~ap^
praised by court at $71,000; assessed by
County Assessor at $40,C00; offered for $50 -
C00; H year's time, 0 per cent; 900 A, level
grain, fruit ar.d alfalfa land; 4327 A. roll-
ing— grazing and grain land: Merced River
passes through land; 900 A. can be Irrigated
water free — no royalties; Improvements good-
school 1 mile; church and town 3 miles; on
Clrect road to Yosemite; must be sold to clos*
- estate; a bargain; the profits from these lands
made the former owner. JOHN L. IVELL.
.who was murdered in 1890, rich; fine rains
everything green and growing now. Address
J. W. KNOX. attorney-at-law. Merced. Cal.
PAJARO VALLEY APPLE ORCHARDS^
This valley is recognized the world over as
the great apple center of California. We hava
two owners who are desirous of giving their
children an education at the State University
therefore they will sell cheap for cash or ex-
change for properties in San Francisco or
Berkeley. SO acres valued at $11,000' 30
acres valued at $4500.
To those who mean business, call or write
for particulars.
OAFFET & MAHON.
Real Estate Agents. SOS California St.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Cruz County, Cal.; price
$3000; also other lands for sale. For particu-
lars adres9 Postmaster, Moss, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. ~~
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. €03 J st
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. CaK
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches.- orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
1 SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
$1 DOWN and SI a week buys lot on North
Shore Electric R. R.; hydrant water and
electric lights on streets; residents . princi-
pally S. F. business people. Box 2G35, Call.
POINT JFL I CH 3IOyP REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.*
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED — To buy one lot; Richmond district,
8. F. : pay part cash, part good mining stock.
Box 2653. Call office; .
STUTTERIMG AXD STAMMERING.
i MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cum
In every case; Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inqalre into wonderful cures : home cur«
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Homo Build-
ins Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market st.. opposite Third —
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent 00
- capital stock and participating certificate*.
ire* of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 190 1. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, - Secretary. ,
■ I . - - - ." ' ' '. - - ■ _ ■
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. —- -
REAL KSTATE AGKNT3,
3 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION AND OTltER BUILD-
ING LOTS.
$30.0CO— Fulton st. ; nearly 10O ft. front by
over 2(;o ft. depth: close- to town; a tirst-
r'as- site for apartment-house or flats.
$15.000 — North side of one of the beat \Vest?rn
Addition streets; nearly 70 ft. front; or will
sell either half.
, $12.500— !<arge lot on Shracler and Waller sts.
for builder to handle.
$9CC0 — Grfen St.; north side. In best portion.
with line view of bay and surroundings.
! $6700— Powell st.: with two frontages; fln»
building location.
$45C0— McAllister st. : over ,10 ft. Trent; fine
building lot for 3 choice fiats.
$43^0— Green St.; 34xl3»'j ft. deep; fine view
of bay.
$42CO— Laguna-st. lot; good lot for 2 fiats. Wa
have adjoining corner for salo making 2 flno
lots.
$413O— Green St.; 34x137 ' 5 ; fine view; very
cheap.
$4HO — Haight st.: 27'i ft. front by l.",7«,i deep;
street bltuminized; artificial stone sidewalkj;
cable cars passing.
$10C0— Haight st.: lots facing park: 23x13?%;
street work al) done: north side of street.
$3730 — Oak st.. near Flllmore: gnotl lot for resi-
dence or fiats; 25xi:!7»u.
$37.10 — Jackron st., for 25xl.'!7 I i: or any sisa
at $l.'.i» a foot.
$33O0— Filbert St.; north side; 27*ixl93. with
fine marine and land view; street woiit all
dene.
$3300 each — For lots 25xl".7'-i on Pase St.;
street bitumlnizerl: artificial stone sidewalk;
electric cars passing.
$.T3lK) — Filbert St.; 27'jsl.".7'i. with fine marine
and lano view; street work all done.
f::i"i 11 — Webster-st. corner; (SOxllo: good location
for »ix fiat*.
$3W'O — Lyon st.: fine building lot; sun front
and back, with 2i> feet of permanent space
towaid north.
$27."»0 — Page st.; 2Sxl37'i; fine butMlnp lot:
rtreet bitumtnlzed: artificial utone sidewalks;
electric cars passing.
$2500 — Fillmore st. : next to fln» corner bid*.
$2S00 — Filbert st. ; 25 ft. front, with L running
to sldp street.
$2:iC0 — Masonic ave.; 23x112; street ston*
blocked; electric cars passing ; block all built
up with fir?t-clasfi houses.
$22.'O— Devisadero St.; lot 25x125.
$22C0— Broderlck st.; 4 fine lots; each 27Ux
07'i: cable car3 at the corner; good residence
locality.
$215«> — Fulton Ft.; north s'ule; cars passing.
$21100 — Golden Gate ave. ; 2 lots, each 23xl.37*i:
street bitumin?Kcd.
$2<'i!O — Greenwich ?t: 37 l-.*5xl3TVl-
I1S30 — Filbert st. ; 2tixI20 to rear *tre*t: street
work p.11 done: next to fine n«w building: a
fine lot for 2 good flats.
$17."»>— Fill more st. ; 24xl0O; 2 lots; street stone
blocked: electric cars passinsr.
$17e(V_sa<-ramento st. : 4 lot?. 132 ft. deep:
street bituminlred; artificial stone sidewalk:
cable car3 passing,
jlf-r — Fillmore st.; 26 ft. front; street stone
raved: electric car* passing.
jl«r.()— Fulton st.. facing the park, north side;
$sT)O— Ashbury *t.: 2 lota; 25 ft. front each.
$500 — Uranus st. ; 2 lots.
THOMAS MACKK * SON?.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAl^ESTATE.^
BARGAINS — We buy. sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
0AKLAM) ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JT SNAP. ' _._
A fine S-room house; 2- story barn; lot T>Ox
150: all street work done; cement garden
walk etc.- good location: price only $:jfiO<>:
easy ' terms. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4«8
Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED IIOCSES.
HOUSE — Superb location: new, modern: cheap;
partly furnished; for sale or rent. 410 Wals-
worth ave.
oXk7^XJD_^TOW|TJ7»US^OU_9ALE^
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaag.llth st..r.or.store.Oakland.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$50 BEWARD for the body of Philip Simon-
em, fisherman, drowned near Sausallto.
QNKTO BROS. 410 Day St.. city.
TO LEASE.
THREE-ROOM cottage on beach; good bath-
Ing. Apply C. F. M., box 54. Sauaallto.
TUKF.
SEE J. S. C lU^LLJS ST..
And Join his concentrated class: 17 actual
winner* In the last 15 days.
MAKHIAGK LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Adrian Peterson. 26. 40OA Brannan srtreet.
ami HulJa A. Xelson. SI, M2 HlghlanJ avenue.
William Af^eck. <!5. ."!■> Folsom street, and
Ellen Plumbe. W*. U0 Folsom street.
George L. Hammar. 31. KE>.\ Bryant, street,
and Anna K. Swenson, 2S. N20A Bryant street.
Willie Semmenj. 2!). 427 Fourteenth street.
and Mabel I* Thistleton, 2.".. 272 Sadowa,
George W. Porch. li». 11 Kissling street, and
Clara FortUr. IS. 11 Kissltn* street.
Frank Weisy. 41. Chlco, and Georgia A.
Lynch. 23. 18Z3)i Howard street.
Lester L. Alundy, B3 El Paso. Texas, and
Elizabeth C. McWood, 35. city.
Sldmy E. Shuman. 21. Boston Mass.. and
Sadie Ii. WansrenhHm. 13. <•'*>'.
Charles G. Collins. 24. IOCS Mission street,
an.l Temale E. Connor. 21. Red Bluff.
Henry Dierks. 25, 1021 Greenwich street, and
\nr.a. I>. Sammann. 20. 1021 Greenwich street.
Meal M. Nelson. 27, Alameda. anU Christine
Christensen, 25. city.
Frederick I^ederer. S3. Woodland, and Dor»-
thea Hermann, 2ti, Woodland.
Joseph Marelicb. K, 11 Sliver street, and
Caterlna Lupich. 13. 11 Silver street.
John V. Holland. 21. city, and Clara C.
Pinkham. IS. 1022 Howard street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the oublication offices and b<
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published one* in this column
free of charge.
GUNTHER — In this city. February IS. 1904.
to the wife of L. B. Gunther. a son.
~' MARRIED.
SIMON — BROWN — In this city, by the Rev.
■ Dr. J. Nieto. Frank E. Simon and Marion
Brown.
~ DIED.
Raker. Frederick ililetich. Anton
Cahill. Georce Louis Murnane. NellW T.
Cnnavan. Colman Ott. Vera Lorraine
Floresr. Joseph Plnknty. Clemence
Gibson, James C. Powers. Julia C.
Gilllck, James Rosensweix. Hannah
Gillick, Ann Sellon. Joyce
Lang. Margaret Wanderer. Mary L,
Lange, ijofle Warren, Clinton
McAllister. John Wegschflder. Jean
McDermott, Edward Wilson. Ella 3.
BAKER — In the City and County Hospital.
February. 1». 1!K>*. Frederick Uaker. a na-
■ tlve cf Germany, aged C5 years.
CAHILI^-In this city. February 1I». 1SMM.
George Louis Cahill. beloved non . cf J. L.
and Mary E. Cahill. and brother of John E..
Charles F. and Arthur B. Cahill. Mrs.
Evelyn Avery and Mrs. Edward Chrlstenjon.
. a native of S*an Francisco, aged 27 years and
10 dayj.
g7Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), »t 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1413 Hayes street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
C^NWAN — In the City and County Hospital.
"February 19. 1004. Colman Canavan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 6O years.
FLORES In the City and County Hospital.
February 19. 10O». Joseph Flores, a native
of California, aged 43 yeara.
GIBSON At Presidio of San Francisco, at
the quarters of Lieutenant J. L. Hughe*,
February 10. 190*. James C. Gibson, beloved
father of Anna Gibson Hughes, a native of
Kentucky, aged 68 ysars. .
C7Frtends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend t s e funeral services Sunday. February
21 1!K>». at 2:30 o'clock, at Post Chapel,
Interment Presidio Cemetery.
GILLICK — A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the souls of the lat»
James and Ann Gillick Saturday morning,
9 o'clock, at St. Teresa Church, Ninetsenth
and Tennessee streets, Potrero. Friends ara
respectfully Invited to attend.
l^XSG — Margaret Lane, wife of Frita Lang.
f7Will be buried on Sunday, February
21, at 2 o'clock. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Frtends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
LANGE— In St. Helena. February IS. 1904.
Continued on Pajje Fourteen.' , r _^,
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued FrointPaffe Thirteen.
Son-, lavinr wife of *<='***!*%.!$£
mother of rj-.trief. CAjr'.lne. He™\> w«:
Bofle WllMam. IUUle. Chester nnd El.xa-
s^'lc S,.n<. a y. February 21.
at 1 .o0 o'clock. Interaient frt. Helena.
MCALLISTER— In thl« cty. "ebruar>- IS 1904.
.Tcha, be'.oveJ husband of lianora McAhlster.
r Mt«V» uf County Antrim. Ireland, aged
ti vesrs 11 months «nd 1 day-
(UrFrtend* and acqualntaaces are respect -
Ju?Tv invited to pttend the funeral to-d»>
•eararday) at i>:M a'clock. from his lat«
resIrtenc-6, 1*72 Dolores \street. «bence to h-
Pau*'6 Chur-h. where a rtqui?m hlcli musa
v.<Il t? teieDrated ior thev«;>cse of his ?ou;.
o.^.niencir.g el 10 o'clock: Intermert Holy
Cross Cemetery.
lirDEHMOTT— Near Loc Eanoe, Februarj* 17.
3JKi4 Edward b»lov<*l son of Themis anc
the # !at<^ KUen McLterinott. and brother of
•lohr Lawr.nce. MichacJ a:id Elizabeth Mc-
I>rraott, Mrs. J. J'u«:h anif the late James
nnd 'nioir.sf McDermott. a 'native ul i-cn-
i;e<-ticnt. asf-il 47 year*.
C*rThe funeral will take u!ao<» to-da;;
(Samrdar). at 1« oViock. irom the parlors
rf ilcFadaen. McBreaity & Oret-n. 1171 Mis-
f>o:> cfrrl. bfir.wn .Seventh and Eighth.
rh«n"e to t=i. Patrick'* Chuixrh. wb«»
F^r\ic*s will Ue he'.d ut JO:S'» «^clock. Jn-
irrrr.ent Holy Crem Oeawtery.i *W Uri»
D'cJcrk tra'n from Th'.rd anJ Towr.sin<J
streets.
"MILET1CH— In tins city. Feliruaiy IS. 1904.
Amor. Miletich. beloved Ron of Maria and
:he late Nicholas Milcticb. ai.d brother or
Nicholas. Ptechen. John and Msthiaa Mil<--
tirli. a native of Zupa. Dalmsuia. sfd S*
yens 6 months and « rtayf. .-V me-rber «'f
S!a\t>nic J. M. B. Society end Orontiai; B.
Society Zvomrolr Xo. 01, N. <'. fi.
(CCrrr>r.<i* and acquaintance? and meni-
l*r« of the above *ocieti«>fc are invited ti>
r.f.'Tid *>he funeral to-monovr (Sunday* at 1
o'clock, from Pythian <"astl*. :••»'.• MarKei
Mreet. wht-re <^>rv:'-«?.« wi!'. l>« held tindT
the a.u*pioe* of the Croatian IS. Society
Zvonlmir. Ir.terrr.enr Hnly <"rosi« Cemetery.
Remains at r-ariors of licKaddrn. McBreari;-
i- Green. JK1 Mission sum, l»ttween Sev-
enth and djrbth.
WUP.N'AXE— In this city. February 19. J!<04,
KelHe T.. dearly belov*^! dsughter of Pat-
rick acd NVllIe Murnar.e of Saa I^-rtndrc.
CaL. and s>ter of Mar»ri.r« B!a< Umer.
Siary V.. John and Timothy 15urnan<\ a
native of Virginia Cirr-, X«-\ .
OBP.- In thi* city. r<-craar>- IS, VjfU. Vera
Ixjrraine. |cuuae*l and beloveu daUKhler of
Fred 8nd May Orr, and fisier <tf Kst'lla
Orr. a native of San Francisco, aired 1 year
6 m'>nthfi nnd "S da;.F.
t^ l-'rirnils and a< <iupititai>ces art- respect-
fully invited to attend tUo iu:ieral to-ilay
• Saturday), February r«t. at 1 oVIock, f:-on>
th» residence of li«r parent?. 3;; Oak Gro\«
* - .enue, between Fifth and Sixth and Har-
rison and Bryant streets.
PINKNET— In this city. February 19. 190t.
rifmfnc* .1., beloved Infant daughter «f
Joseph and Cleinonce Pir.kney, an<l *.is'.er
*>f Joeeoh Pinknoj. sn'l granddaughter r >'
I»ui5 unri J«nn<? Gcdet. u native of San
Krancieco. aced r. months and 7 diyp.
tC^Th^ ffneral will take rlact- to-day
<F«turaavt, at l:! oVUck, from Uu residence
rf her parents. S44 ! sj Folsom street. Inter-
ment strictly rrivate.
POWERS— In this city, February 19. 1904.
Jtilia C, beloved wife of the late Patrick
Powers, end mother of Michael Power* «.'f
Stattle. xnd ei*ter of t»»e late Uantel and
J"hn «'o'IinF. u native «f xjariah of <"a!len.
«"ounty Killier.ny. Irel?.n«l. <t»rass Valle>.
Cml.. and Seattle, Wash., vajx-rs pleasj
ccpv.t
E7Friend* ar.u acquaintance? are rcspectr '
fully invited tn attend th>- funeral Sunday. •
at 1 :3<i o'clock, fi-om her Jate residence. 77* j
Harrison street, tiience to St. Patrick'^ !
on Jiission t=trfpt. "twtvre^n Tiitni J
and Fourth, for services. Interment Holy j
t'.roef Cemrterjr. i
R<"'PEXZWEIG— In this city. FeLruan' 19. \
1SKM. Hanr.sh Kosenzw*ie, beloved wif« <.f'J
Jssdrr" Rosenzwcic. an-i Bister of Henry ]
and MMtc»n Goldsmith, a native of San Fran-
cis.-,.
C3 r Notice of funeral hereafter.
EEUI^ON — In th:« f-ity. February 17, 1304. '.
Joyce, beloved wife of the lati» K. R. Pellon. j
nnd <>\oted mother of Anna 1^. Edward I.. \
and Mary I. FMInn. a native of Marysvl!l»-,
Y'lba <"ouji'y, Cal.. ated *\\ years.
CTFriends and ai-qua^'ant-es arc respect-.
tally itivit?3 tj attenii the fvneral tu-day j
• Saturday,), at 10 o'clock, from her lat" j
r^riderirc. 1C4« Bush strett. Interment Cy- j
nvte '.««:. Cemeter> - . '
X\'ANT)KRER— In Sanra Clara. February IS. 1
l»f>4. Jlai-.- 1-. Waodwer. belomd mother of 1
Mrs. A. Klc-k. Mrs. M. I>> I>»it. Kugen" J
T{»ver.tegat. Mrs. S. Helfgott and George,
and Ix)i:!» Wanderer, a native of France,
jigxl 75 years 1 month and i*> days. :
JTI^Friends ar.d acquaintances ere respect-;!
fully ir.viu-d n> attend the funeral to-dsy']
< Saturday i. February 20. at 2::i<» o'clock, j
from Iit late r»>p(cleno<?, S»2l Kranklin street. I
Santa <"lara. thence to Pt. <.'laire'«> Church j
for «>rviees. Interment Santa Clara. :
WARREX — In this city. February If. 1(KH. i
• 'linton Warren, beloved son of Jom"» M. j
■ad (he late Catberm*' Warren, a nativ* <<f !
t»an Francisco, a«r'd 40 years T» months and j
T> day*. A member of the Stationery En-
£ine«>r< I'nion. Koca! No. d.
E.^ Friend*, and acgualntanrep ?rc respect- j
fully inv'ted to intend the funeral Sunday, j
»t 2 o clock, from th«> funeral jjarlors of .
"Portrr & White. 4T: Golden Gate avenue, j
Interment Cypres* l.awn Cemetery.
■WKG.SCHrinEH— In Paiadena. Cal.. Febru- \
arj' IS. 10<>4. Jean E.. »>eloved husband of I
P.os* We;sche!Qer. and father of lysuis and '
.I^an We^scheider. a native of Cincinnati. !
Ohio, sizr-i :j»> year* r> months and 11 day?. '
A rrorui-er 'jf I'ocahontas Trib« Nr>. n. jm- !
proved Order of Ked M«»n, aild San Fran- |
oi*c. Aerie No. Jl. r". 'O. K. j
C"?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit^ri to attenl the funeral Saturday,
at S:30 o'clock, from the residence of his
mothT-Sn-iaw. Mr?. Mary McClinn. 5»K".
Guerrero street, ther.ce to St. Jamett Church.
i'"rn»r Guerrero and Twt-ntv-thlrd streets.
»h*ie a eo'.emn r">o.ui»-m hleh mass will be
o^lebratcl for the reiwff of hi.« soul, rom-
rre»icinr at K o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
' '"TTiftTy.
■W'lLSON— In thin rlty, February 18, lf04.
E!la Sticley Wilson. »>eloved wife of Arthur
J.« Wilson, and mother of Frederick It
Stanley, a native of Ensrland.
TO the officer* and mfiribers of Tounir Men's
Institute: The annual mjuiem maff for the
deceased members of the Young Men'« In-
Ftitut" will be r^lebrated at St. Marys
«"athe<Jral on Monday. February '£X. at 10
a. m. FrSendu are respectfully invited to
attend. Board of m»naffement.
J. A. DI:ni,EAVY. President.
A. J. BULUVA5T. Secretary.
Jaicec McGinn. Henry Bansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros
Funeral Director? and Embatmers
214 Eddy nt.; Tel. South 678.
HEAL KSTATE TRANS ACTIONS.
FRIDAY^ FEBRUARY 19
EsUte of Archie C. Page, deceased <by WJI
licm H. Fisher, administrator), to ' John B.
Forbes. lot on S line of Greenwich street, 100
E of Franklin. E "3:4 by s 137:6; $1CY
Maurice and Kcte D. Casey to Patricia H
and Millicent Coygrav*. lot on W line of Oc
tiivJa street, 7T. S or Green. S 25 by W 121:7:
Oiarle* Jscobson to Sadie Jacobson. lot on
S Hoe cf Pir-e street, 137:0 E of Webster. K
20:10 by H 137:6; .gift.
City and County or San Francleco to John
71. Paunders, lot on E line of Deviradero
street, CS S of Union, E 21 by E 103:1%;
•"harles K. sr.d Margaret L. Hawthorne to
William H. En-can, iot on N line of Sacra-
rtreet. 82:6 E of Erodcrick, E 27:6 by N
Joseph F. and John J. Kennedy to Charles
r». Mangrls, lot on S line of Page street. 175
W of Lyons, W 25 by S 137:6; $1O.
Jonn A. and Belle Hoot? to Meta E. Meler
dierk». iot <m W line of Tremont «reet 410
£ of Frederick. S by W K0; $10.
Ther<?sa Urunincs to Henry Bohls. lot on
W lino of C'layton tlreei, 100 8 of Haven, is
25 by W 10«i3: SJO.
Henry and Lizzie Kch;« to Theresa Brun-
Inirs <wife of J. H.). lot on on W line or Clay
ton nreet. 50 S of Hayer. S 25 by "W 106:3; $10.
Liszle E. and A mo? Welty to Emily Mon
obant, Justine and Giovanni <'a*elll. lot on
8 line of Sacramento street, 37:0 Eof Poruce
E CT. hy S 107:7ii; *10. '
• Charles and Minnie Rothschild to Frank J.'
I>p\lin. lot on S line of Washington street'
17»:S E of Cherry, E 35:5, S 118:11. W 35-5
N 1«4:4',4; $10. ' '
William H. Torpey to Mary A. Torpey. lot
on S lin» of Fourteenth street, 120 E of How
ard. R a by R 1<«; $10.
Catherine Wa:!»h io Aim" H. Bolomey. lot
en tne N line of Twemy-flfth street, 75 W
of Church. W U0 by N 314; $10.
Hibcrnlat Kavir.c and Loan Society to Oeear
Heymnn, lr,t on J**" line «»f Day street 52*<5
E <if No*. E 20:3 by S 101 :«; $500.
Merle B. Johnson to Enrico Gabrlell. lot on
K line of August alley, S3:C N of Green street.
jf M ty E 20: $I«t.
Estate Sarah Gilibor.s (deceased) (by John
McKa<2<l*>n and Benjamin Healey. executors) to
Arnc* M. Bru. lot on E line of fiO-vara lot 4ZT<,
t& f- of Filbert street, S »o allev W 45, N 4.5.
E tS; $2000.
Giacomo Garibaldi to G. B. Levaggl. lot on
W line cf Joneg street. 72 S of Union S 0:0 by
V.- C2:6; $1.
Da^y I. Denlx to Sarah A. Perry (Demt)
tnd Mary S. Perry (Denis), lot en — line of
KacrRmenla street. 50 varas from Leavenwortft
XV by h 50 varas; also Jot on S line of
Sacramento «tr<>et. 160:5 W of Leavenwortb
TV 22:11 by S 137 :«; also all Interest In estates
«>f Frank V. Denis and riannab A. Denis, 16,
.",-M: th.
Hibernla Eavlngrs and Loan Society to Ellen
Tcwers. iot on NW lfne of Frederick street 160
FE of Bryant and 100 XK of Second NE 25 by
>*W SO, «juitcla!m deed; $10.
John Breuner. Hobert and LIHIe Beblow to
Mcrri* siu.i Max l^evy. lot on N corner of
Fourth and Harrison streets, NW 75 by NE
10S: *10. ' *■'
Jchn R. Jr. and Lillian T. Corj'ell to Juwph
TARGET RANGE
IS NOW LOCATED
Board Has Chosen Spot-Imme
diately Back of Point?Bonita
on Fort Baker llescrvation
LEAVE FOlt EASTERN -POSTS
Third Battalion Goes to Colum
bus Barracks and First and
Second Go to Fort v Sheridan
The site for the new target range for
truops Ftationod about the bay was
chosen yesterday. It is a line spot near
Point Bonita, on the Fort Baker reser
vation. The board "that had the subject
in hand v.a? composed of Colonel Will
iam L. Pitcher. Major Robert «C. Van
VJiel, Major John Bfgelow Jr., Captain
Samuel 1*. Faison and Captain Clarence
B. Dentler.
Until three years ago practice was
held on the range at the Presidio, but
as the building: of residences came
closer to the post, the range had to be
abandoned, and ever since then the
local target practice has been done
away with, so far as the Presidio
src'iinds are concerned. The nev/ range
will be put in order as soon as General
MacArthur gives hi.s sanction and
orders' the paymaster to produce the
necessary wherewithal to put the
grounds into condition.
The Twenty-seventh Infantry, Col
onel Sa:nuel H. Whitall. which arrived
home from llanila on the Logan last
Tuesday, is now departing for its East
ern posts. The Third Battalion left
yesttrday, bound for Columbus Bar
racks, Ohio, and the headquarters,
band and First and Second battalions
will leave to-day for Fort Sheridan.
They will go on two special trains, the
first leaving at 10:30 o'clock this morn
ing and the second at 1:30 o'clock this
afternoon.
The Klt^venth Infantry, which sailed
on the Thomas from Manila for this
port on February 1&, will be due here
about March 1?. The headquarters,
band and two battalions will go to
Fort D. A. Russell: two companies will
ko to Fort Mackenzie, Wyo. ; one com
pany to Fort YVashakie, Wyo.. and the
remaining company to Fort Niobrara,
Neb.
The marriage of Captain Charles
Young, Troop I, Ninth Cavalry, and
Miss Ada Mills of this city, came as a
great surprise to his brother officers at
the Presidio, as no intimation of the
event had been given out. Captain
Young is an able officer, highly es
teemed and respected.
The new army roster of troops of the
Department of California was issued
by Major John R. Williams yesterday:
It will he of great value to the army
people stationed here, and to those in
terested in army affairs.
Among: the officers who registered at
headquarters yesterday were Major Ed
ward T. Brown. Artillery Corps; Dfeu
tenant Thomas W. Brown. Twenty
seventh Infantry, on leave; Major
Charles G. Woodward. Artillery Corps,
fn route to Fort Sheridan, and Lieu
tenant George H. Shields Jr., Twelfth
Infantry.
The construction of the new target
range for Ord Barracks wiil soon be
commenced. General MacArthur has
ordered an appropriation of $1000 for
its construction, and work will be
begun at once.
Two hundred and fifty recruits, under
command of Captain C. G. Woodward,
•arrived Thursday from Columbus Bar
racks ard are now at Angel Island, at
thp old discharge camp.
Th«> officers of the Twenty-eighth In
fantry are now using the new club
rocms for their mess hall, and will con
tinue to use them until the regular
mess hall is rebuilt.
Druids' Memorial Day.
The several branches of the United
Ancient Order of Druids located in
this city will hold memorial services
in Golden Gate Hall to-morrow after
noon. The services will consist of
vocal selections, an oration by Emil
Pohli,' reading of the names of those
who departed during the last twelve
months, a eulogy by Walter J. De
martini and vocal selections by lady
singers.
Sues for Sirs. Downs' Money.
Edward J. Talbott sued the firm of
W. A. Boole & Co. yesterday for an
accounting. He claims the company
owes S3000 to Mrs. Mary Downs and
refuses to meet her demands for the
money.
Special Kates for the Citrus Fair,
Cloverdale.
The California Northwestern Railway is now
Felling tickets at one fare for the round trip,
good going Saturday. Sunday end Monday, with
return limit February 2:5. Tickets at t$50
Market stre*t end Tiburon ferry. •
B. Coryell. lot on NW corner of Sixteenth and
Vermont streets. W 25 by N 100; $10.
J. Frank .ind Maria Walters anci George A.
Turner to Valentine and Susan Morand, lot on
NE lino of Cliff avenue. 55. OD NW of Thirty
rigiith. NW 25.04, N 105.34, E 25, S 100.80;
$10.
Helen S. Treat to OrvUle D. Baldwin, lot on
W line of Twenty-second avenue, -225 N of A
ctreet. N 50 by W 120; $10.
City Realty Company to Harry Hoehner. lot
on W line of Fourth avenue, 35 S of Hugo
street. S 75 by W 95; *10.
Same to Orrin and Mary J. Knox, lot on W
line of Fourth avenue, 100 N of Hugo street,
N 25 by W 120; J10.
fcame to Thomas J. McDcrmott, lot on S line
of H 6treet, 57:6 W of Fourth avenue, W 25
by S 95; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Anna S. Swan
eon, lot on N line of J street. 62:<$ B of Forty-
Beventh avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Andrew Johnston to Hattle Johnston fwlfe).
lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 175 N of K
strfet. N 25 by W 120; gift.
Sarah L. and William E. Hanson to Jacob
Heyman Company, lot on W line of Forty
loui-th avenue, 125 S of K street, S 25 by W
120; no.
Bertha and Peter Lippott to Manila Hemp and
Cordage Company, lots 3 to 5, block 4, Sunny
vale Homestead Association (lot 3 Is in San
Mateo County); $10.
W. A.. Maud L.. William L. and Eben G.
Robertson to E. W. Hasklns, lot on line of
Evatt street, 183 S o£ Vtsitacion, 8 63 by E
C8: J10. '
F-dward and Ida Hansen to Catherine Brun
n«r. lot on SW line of Fourteenth avenue, 225
PR of P street, SE 25 by SW 100, block 291,
ON. & II. Tract; $10.
S. Ducas Company to Leopold Weinstein, lot
2, block 4, subdivision 1 of Castro-street Addi
tion; 510.
Ilnma Building Company to Continental
Building and Loan Association. lot on SW lino
of Cotter street. 300 NW of Mission, NW 25
by SW 100, block 5, Academy Tract; $10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Frederick. F. A. and Mary Beretta. lot on
SW line of Cotter street. 100 NW of Mission,
NW 25 by £W 100. block 5, Academy Tract;
fl»..
Frederic E. and Bell M. Magee to Catherine
Mc-Gowan. lot on SE corner of Rlcbland avenue
and MlESlcn street, E 100 by S 25, lot 1, block
G, French •& Gilman Tract: ?10.
G. W. Wickllffe to Katie McKee, lot on NW
line of Lonlsbere* street. 125 SYV of Mount
Vernon, SW 25 by NW 103:6. let 8, block D
Getz Addition to Lakeview; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Emma G. Butler (owner) with Mallcry &
Fwenson (contractors), architects Reid Bros
All work except plumbing and gas fitting; for
a. frame residence on N line of Broadway 224
W of Devisadero, street, W 30 by ' N 137 ■ 6 -
Same o^ier with J. S. Johnstone & Sons
(contractors), architects fame — Plumbing and
ga« fitting for same on same: $2500.
J. B. Rawles (owner) with Cecil A. Henshaw
(contractor), architect Charles J. Colley All
work except plumbing, electric work, gas flx.
turf s=. mantel?, shades, lincrusta walton for a
two-story, attic, and basement frame building
on S line of Green street, 10U W of Broderick
W 33 by S 137:6; flVOO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
UNDER WRITERS ARE ANXIOUS
FOR SAFETY OF LA BRUYERE
French Bark Is Now Out (More Than. Five Weeks From Port Los
Angeles for Astoria in Spite of the Favorable Winds Pre
vailing and Is Quoted for Reinsurance at Fifteen Per, Cent
AMERICAN SHIP W. F. BABCOCK. WHICH IS MAKING A LONG PASSAGE FROM BALTIMORE FOR THIS
PORT AND IS NOW REINSURED AT 20 PER CENT. SHE WAS REPORTED ASHORE AT OUTSET OF
VOYAGE IN CHESAPEAKE BAY.
The French bark La Bruyere, now
out 35 days from Port Los Angeles for
Astoria, was quoted for reinsurance
yesterday at 15 per cent. Grave anx
iety is felt for the vessel, for with the
southeasterly winds that have prevailed
almost ever since she left the southern
port she should have made a fast pas
sage. There have been some unusually
heavy gales since the Bruyere sailed
and unless she shows up very shortly
her reinsurance cost will take a rapid
rise. She went to Port Los Angeles
from Cherbourg and was a long time
on the way. A high rate of reinsur
ance was paid r/n her and it was some
thing of a surprise when she showed
up. She had been unable to round
the Horn and had turned back, com
ing to this coast by way of the Cape
of Good Hope. She is notorious as a
sluggish sailer, but her present trip is
unaccountably slow. The Bruyere was
built in 1899 at Nantes and is a vessel
of 1738 tons register.
Nothing has been heard yet of the
overdue W. F. Babcock, now out 133
days from Baltimore for this port. She
is quoted at 20 per cent. The other
overducs are quoted as follows: Theo
dor, 30 per cent; Robert Rickmers, 15
per cent; General Mellinet, 10 per cent.
Alameda Sails To-Das*.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alameila. CaDtaln Dov.-dell. will sail at 11
o'clock to-day for Honolulu with a full cargo
and many passengers. Among the latter are
several parties of tourists from the. East
bound to the South Seas to let the sun
ptrai-hten out the rheumatismal kinks ac
quired In the blea*k winds of New York and
other frostbound States.
John S. Ross, who has succeeded F. S.
Shoup as travel inc passenger agent on the
Australia-America route, goes on the liner to
Honolulu, where he will await the next
Oceanic liner from the Antipodes. . C. A. Pea
cock, proprietor of the Moana Hotel at Hono
lulu, returns to his home on the Alameda.
The Alameda's passengers will Include the
following named:
F. II. Baker, A. Black, Mrs. Black. F. B.
Bowman. C. F. Brockmayer, A. J. Cambie,
Master Cambie, Theo de Veer, Mrs. da Veer,
H. C. Dennlson, J. Frye, J. F. Haekfeld, Miss
F. B. Horr, W. J. Howatt, Mrs. Howatt. W.
Lakusta. F. Lauger, G. V. Lewis, Mrs. Lewis,
W. J. Leicht. Miss McGinn, J. E. Metcalf
Mri>. Metcalf, N. J. Mitchell, P. Muir, Mrs.
Muir, Mrs. E. W. Parker. C. A. Peacock, Dr.
S. D. Presbrey. Miss C. B. Presbrey, Miss F.
B. Presbrey, XV. S. Reed. Mrs. Reed, Master
Reed, Jonh S. Ross. I* Suydam, W. C. Wa
ters. Mrs. Waters, E. Waters. Roy Waters, R
J. Waters. ' '
Sliip Sfatterhorn in Collision.
The British ship Matterhorn, which left here
September 18 for Antwerp, arrived yesterday
at Dover with her headgear shattered and her
nose badly dented. In thus damaging herself
Ehe inflicted such harm to the British steam
ship .Lake Michigan that the latter had to be
run ashore to save her from sinking. The
steamship was bound from Halifax for London
and the vessels came into collision early yes
terday mornine off Duneeness. The Matter
horn carried a cargo of barley valued at $68 -
700. *
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Wanderer, which put into
Falmouth a few days ago on account of loss
of sails, has renewed her supply of canvas
and yesterday resumed her voyage for this
port. «
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's liner Doric arrived yesterday at Hono
lulu and later sailed for this port.
The Pacific Mall Company's liner China was
taken off Hunters Point drydock yesterday and
returned to her berth.
The steamship Algoa Is expected to-day from
the Orient. She is bringing about 15,000 tons
of general merchandise.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters 'of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The nchooner Sequoia sailed yesterday for
Mazatlan. Mexico, with 230,567 feet lumber.
2C0 bdls shtag!e?», 2062 bdls shooks, 12 drums
add, 250 cs blasting powder, 2 pkga coal tar,
1G collr rope, 15 pkgs paints and oils, 15 bales
hay. 301 gals wine, 24 pkgs paste, 28 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions and 1 cask beer, valued
at $10,006.
Charters.
Thfi schooner Henry K. Hall (at Honolulu)
Is chartered for lumber from Portland to
Shanghai at ."it's ."d, or Manila at $9 50; bark
cntlne James Tuft (also at Honolulu), same
business, from Portland to Shanghai or Kiao
chau, at 36s 3d or Manila at $9 SO.
The British bark Iredale is chartered , for
barley to Europe at l.'u; wheat stiffening,
12s 6d. , .:..; .
The ship Bangalore was chartered prior to
arrival for sugar from Hawaiian , Islands - to
Delaware Breakwater for orders. The ship
Kails of Dee proceeds In ballast to Newcastle,
Australia. •*
•
The Xevartan's Cargo.
The steamer Xevadan sailed yesterday for
Honolulu and Kahulul with an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at $1:57.250, and in
cluding the following: 425 bbls flour. 2140 gals
wine, 1253 gals 13 cs whisky. 2 cs spirits, 545
pkgs beer, 4 cs mineral water, 633 galn.l cs
vinegar, 7500 lbs sugar, 10 ctls corn, 5ft ctla
oat», "J300 ctls barley, 280 bales hay, 53.912
lbs middlings, 116,000 lbs bran, C75 lbs 2 ca
cheese. IS cs chocolate, 27,100 lbs salt, S00
lbs candy, 1172 lbs dried fish, 5266 lbs beans,
195 pkgs paste, 34 pkgs onions, 325 pkgs po
tatoes, 115 pkgs freeh fruits, 10 pkgn fresh
vegetables, 1827 lbs 24 cs bread. 10,320 lbs
codfish, 45 cs canned salmon. 64 bbls 10 halt
bbl» pickled salmon, 1040 lbs 27 cb mealx.
14C.2GO lba rice, S(i pkgs olives, 70 pkgs gro
ceries and provision?, 2320 lbs tea, 79S lbs
ii C9 dried fruit. 70 pkga table preparations,
HSO lbs raisins. 4917 lb» lard, 2020 lbs 1 cs
butter. 4515 lbs ham and bacon, 1473 ce canned
goods, 18 pkgs baking powder. 2t>3 pkgs dry
goods. 15S cs boots and shoes, 81 pkgs paper.
3B bales twine, 183 pkgs oils, 995t; lbs 25 cs
manufactured tobacco, 7 pkgs bicycles and
pundries, 100 cs soap. 44 pkgs 'rubber goods.
DO pkgs electrical supplies. 57 pkg? machinery,
i> drums carbide. 52 pkgs wire. 1« pkgs mifl
work 142 tons fertilizer, M pkgs drugs, 1100
l.w. .I" Etarch * 236 pkgs railroad material,
1200 railroad ties, »44 bdls 163 pes pipe 15
coils rope, 27 cs turpentine. 50 bales oakum.
4.>9 pkes nails, S5 cs paints. 2010 lbs tan
bark, J50 cs 10 ke*s powder. 4 cs fuse 91
rS ?£}• 46 bar8 ° bdIs lron ' 1:{0 cs can
dles. lOOOcs coal oil, 70 tins matches, 77CC
gals distillate 240 sks plaster. 3 rolls leather.
lxS s a .r ms an . d amn "mltlon, 2742 lbs *oda, SCO
bbls lime, ,4 »k« coal, 50 cs gasolin- 949
pkgs wagon material. 20.037 lbs grease. 9 'coo7.s
if'^ ir.°V n plate - 20 ke * s wh "e lead,
.iii'J hogs, 10 sheep, 4 horses. .
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
°- W <- E1 .^ er - • Portland & Astoria. .. .iFebTTo
Del *N orte. . . . Crescent City Feb 20
F. Leggett . . . Seattle ......... F !h *'i.
Pomona Tacoma . . | ££ £
SanMateo.... Grays Har^ ;;;; •••• • **£. -0
San Pedro... n umboldt ', F eb -.)
Eureka Humboldt F Ik ~,
«^ en |;»eet Sound Ports... Feb 21
fenial-.V: I
G. Lindauer.. Portland Feb 21
Coronado,.... Grays Harbor : .'.".' Feb
£ ce Portland & Way Ports! Feb! 2$"
| eIIU , 8 °JSter Harbor :. Feb 22
rfaw^VnV"*" »° 0S Bay & Pt - Orford.lFeb. 22
*™hu *"•■ 1 J°"B kn ff v - Vanzanillo Feb. L>2
A "" b ' s Hamburg & Way Ports Feb. 22
«!££?«; "r=.,V ' ' |y dnev & Way Ports. . Feb. 53
«„ f.r C ? n Die «° & w av Pts. Feb 2>
1 *;- Newport & Way Ports. |Feb. 2."J
Chehalis Grays Harbor Feb '•!
Spokane Humboldt Feb 2 : '
Po;T10 - Point Arena & Albion.. Feb! 23
Sequoia Grays Harbor ; Feb2j
Elizabeth. . . . Coqullle River. feb »i
Memphis Seattle lF I b ' o.
Oregon Portland & Astorta!;'.; Feb "4
Czarina. Coos Bay Ft b' *-,
Acapulco .... New York via Panama! [Feb.' 25
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. ArenaJFeb -25
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts.lFeb' 25
Coos Bay. . . . Ban Pedro *& Way Pts. Feb.' 20
%?. A"i\"' t -n'na-& Japan |Feb •>«
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports. p'h Sn
North Fork.. Humboldt Feh ■»-
Curacao Mexican Ports ' ' F»b 27
•S e & Tacoma.:::::!^; H
KUai • Harbor .. ..|Feb. 2s
TO SAIL. ~~ ~"
Steamer. Destination. I sails, pier.
tt „!« a Fel} «^iary 20. *~ "
Lmptre..... coos Bay direct.. 12 m Pier 13
1 \ c °- ■ Coqullle River. . . .: « pm Pier •• '
Pt Arena*". f, e t at " e & Whatcm 4 JS Pier 10
Jot" Sfi -£ rena S Mdcno 4 pm Pier 1!
AU^meda" . ??• Y ; Y !a Pa""«n«- ™ m Pier 40
Umatilla' rl° nolulu •'•• H am Pier 7
Arctic Set Sound Ports - ll am p '" 9
Arcti0 Humboldt... .| 2 pmlPier 2
_ . ■■_■■'• February 21. |
v O n Mh&' fan Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
£ Rosf Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
s - Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
nIU;«-- ' Petoruary 22.
r w Flder" Mumboldt l:30pPier 9
G. W. tiaer AEtorIa & p or tland 11 am Pier 24
February 23.
Alliance.... Kureka & Coos B. ...... Pier 16
i-«r« ka HUmboldt ; ........ 9 am Pier 13
ir i.' mo- r February 24.
W. Kruger.. Lc- S Ange , es p orts . 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata...... Coog B & pt orfd 12 m Pier 13
.■, ii: V. February 25.
Spokane..".. Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 0
Porno •• Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier It
Bonita...... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
G. Lindauer. Astoria & Portlandf. :...■. Pier —
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. lit am Pler'-J)
Centennial.'. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
February 26.
Elizabeth... Coquille River 10 am Pier 20
Claverlng... Hkong . v. Portland ....... Pier 20
China. • China & Japan.... 1 pmlPler 40
.Sequoia..... Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm (Pier 10
Coi-onrdo... Grays Harbor.". ... ; 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro. . Humboldt .". 10 amlPier 2
February 27. 1
Oregon..... Astoria • Portland It amjPler 24
City Panama N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Memphis.... Hambure & Way. 2 pm|Pier 19
March 1. . |
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 8
FgOM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
J. Dollar Valdez & Seward Feb. 20
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 22
■Al-Ki Skagway * Way Ports. Feb. 23
DIrigo Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 28
Excelsior Valdez & Way Ports.. |Mar. 1
.Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city Iront <Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 20. "
Sun rises 6:54
Sun sets 5:53
Moon sets 9:55 p. m.
O jTime! jTime Time jTime
g. 1 Ft. I Ft. j Ft. ( Ft.
? |H W| |L W H W |L W
2<> 1:50 fi.O 7:51 1.8 1:50 4.3 7:53 TB
21 2:24 5.0 8:3S 1.5 2:46 4.1 8:32 1.9
22 3:00 6.1 9:32 1.4 3:50 3.9 9:21 2.2
23 3:47 5.1110:40 1.1 5:10 3.6 10:17 2.6
24 4:36 ; 5.2111:47 0.7 fi:5S 3.6 11:24 2.7
23 5:26 5.3|l2:42 0.4 7:54 3.9| j
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when th^re are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. - •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
February 19. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
— ~ ♦
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday, February 19.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 35 hours from
Reodndo. "
Stmv Coos Bay, Nicolson, 63 hours from
Newport.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson, 16 hours from
Greenwood: bound to San Pedro; put in to land
paesf ngprs.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 29 hours from Eureka.
Br bnrk Ncemi. Heseret, 208 days from
Newcastle. Kng:.
CLEARED.
Friday, February 19.
Stmr Snokane. NoDander, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Strnr Nevadan. ■ Green, Honolulu: Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Stmr Bonita.*' Gielow. San Pedro: Pacific j
Coast Steamship .Company.
Br stmr Wellington, McKellar, Comox; R
Dunsmuirs Sons Co.' *
.Stmr .leanie, Downine, Seattle: E T Kruse.
Htmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamshln Company.
Br shlr> Lady Wentworth, Muchle, New
castle, Ai;s; Girvln & Evre.
SAILED.
Friday. February 19.
Stmr Czarina. Johnson. Coos Bay.
Stmr M*neola, Kirkwood, Tacoma.
Stmr Saokane, Nooandcr, Eureka.
Rtmr 'Nevadan, Greene. Honolulu.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Greenwood.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellcfsen. Fort Brasg.
Stmr AVhitesboro, Olnen. Point Arena. .
Stmr Pasadena, Dixon, Eureka.-
Stmr Montara, Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. Seattle.
.Br stmr Wellincton. McKellar. Comox.
Stmr Centmlla. Ericsson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Dlsratch. Levinson. Astoria.
Stmr Jeanle, Downine, Seattle.
Stmr Bonita, Glelow. San Pedro.
Stmr Aberdeen. Daniels, Portland.
Schr Mayflower. Peterson, Sluslaw River.
Schr Seauoia, Hutman. Maiatlan.
Schr John A. Olden. Eureka.
Schr Glen, Peterson. , Gravs Harbor. ■
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 19, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind southwest: velocity 8 miles per
hour. ' . -. ' * ' * • . *
- DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Asuncion,
for Ventura. '
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Asun
cion, * from Redondo.
Sailed Ft-b'lO — Stmr Asuncion, for Redondq.
PORT . TOWNSENI>— Arrivt d Feb 19— Schr
Muriel, from San Pedro; bktn John Smith,
from Santa Rosaliao. . ■
PORT BLAKELET — Arrived Feb 19— Schr
Balnbridge, from ■ San Pedro; cchr Alpena,
hence Feb It. i
Sailed Feh 19 — Schr Okano*an, for Manila;
Br stnir Longshlps, for Shanghai. .
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 19— Ger stmr Mem
phis, for. Bellingham.;
: SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 19— Stmr. Centennial,
for San Francisco.
- PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Feb 19— Schr
Honoipu. -from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr Oregon,
henc* Feb = 17. ; ..-,.
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb - 1»— Stmr G C Lln
dauer, for San Francisco. . . :
: TATOOSH— Passed out Feb. 19— Ship Glory
WILL BEAUTIFY
CHOICE SECTION
Improvement Club Is Organized
by Bepresentativc Men Dwell
ing in Pacific Heights District
PEOMISE OF ENTERPEISE
Senator Perkins Introduces a
M&isnre in Congress Appro
priating $50,000 for Presidio
In response to a call made by
Vanderlyn Stow, Livingstone Jenks,
Wallace Bradford and George W.
Turner, a meeting of the residents of
the Pacific Heights district was re
cently held at the United Crafts and
Arts Hall, on Presidio avenue, for the
purpose of organizing a Pacific Heights
Improvement Club. George W. Turner
was chosen temporary chairman and
Erwin M. Cooper temporary secretary.
Judge John R. Aitken, E. D. Bullard
and William Romayne were appointed
a committee on constitution and by
laws.
After an animated discussion on the
needs of the district, it was resolved to
postpone any action for permanent of
ficers until the regular meeting, on the
first ""'-"sday In March.
The district embraces the territory
bounded by California, Central avenue.
Presidio avenue and the, Presidio on the
north; also the district south of Union
street and immediately adjoining the
Presidio on the east.
This is one of the strongest improve
ment clubs that has been organized in
some time, and its membership em
braces many representative men of
San Francisco. It is predicted that it
will be the means^of making the dis
trict before mentioned one of the most
attractive parts of San Francisco.
It is surmised that the club will co
operate with United States army of
ficer* In efforts to obtain means for
the improvement and embellishment of
the Presidio section. Senator Perkins
recently introduced the following
measure in Congress:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and
House of Representatives of. the United
States of America in Congress assem
bled, that there be and there is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of 550,000, the same to be used
under the direction of the Secretary of
War, for the improvement and beauti
fication of the grounds within the Pre
sidio military reservation at San Fran*
cisco, Cal."
It is expected that the California
delegation in Congress will succeed In
obtaining the appropriation. It is> a
topic of general comment in military
circles that the Presidio reservation
has not received the attention that it
deserves from the Government.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — \
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.30O 315 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125 iL P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 87i; — Mer Trust... — 223
Bank of Cal. 420 440 Merch Ex... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 14"*^ S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. ' — 2300 Pav & L. So. — 1OO
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 45O
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.630 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..100 205 I Presidio .... — 41
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
Giant 61}& 62 | Vigorit S% —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c Kilauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44t£ 45U Makaweli C. 19\i —
Honokaa S C 11 12 U Onomea S C 23 29
Hutch S P C 8 SUlPaauhau S C 11 11^
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.MS 139 Oceanic S C. 4t£ 5
Cal F C A. 98 1C0 Pac Aux FA 5 6
Cal Wine A. 02>4 94 Pac C Borx.167 —
MV& MtTm.100 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 California Wine Association... 02 50
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 44 87*4
250 S F Gas & Electric 57 50
10 Sprins Valley Water Co 38 75
15 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 87>£
100 Sprins Valley Water Co 39 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
fi Giant Powder Con 61 75
20 Hawaiian 'Coml & Sugar 44 S7*s
10 S F Gas & Electric 5S CO
15 Spring Valley Water Co TO 25
185 Spring Valley Water Co 39 SO
$1 000 Bay Counties Powr Co 6s, cash. 10:". 50
$1,000 North Shore R R 5 per cent.. 99 5O
$^,C0O N P C R R 5 per cent 105 00
Street —
$1,000 Bay Counties Power 5s, cash. 103 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid.Ask. TUd.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 95 100 Sun Tel 6s.. Ill —
B L Wat «». — 12O Do 5s 102^i —
SF rrdkSs. — 113U Suttr-st RHs.105 11.1
SF & NP 5s. — 112 UR of SF 4s. 79 SO
S P Co 4>4s. 98 00
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co — 22 -(Mils Nat Bk.300 —
Cal Cot Mil*. — 95 Nev Nat Bk. — 210
Cal G&ECor. 40 — NSRR...11 —
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 |SCPCo... 8 — 7
of the Sea*, from Ladysmlth for San Fran-
Passed in Feb 19— Schr Winslow, from San
Pedro for Everett: Br bark Holjrwood. heoc«
Feb 13 for Port Townsend: schr R W Bart
lett. from Redondo for Tacoma.
ABERDEEN — Sailed Feb 19 — Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Feb 10 — Stmr Coro
nado, for San Francisco; stmr Newburr, for
Redondo: «chr Chas R Wilson, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Feb 19— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco: schr Jennie Stella, for San
Francisco: schr Allen A. for San Francisco;
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feh 19 — Stmr Eurska. hence Feb IS.
BEIiLINGHAM— Arrived Feb 19 — Ger stmr
Memphis, from Seattle.
COOS BAY — Arrived Feb 19 — Stmr Arcata,
hence Feb 17: stmr Alliance, from Astoria.
SAN DIEGO^ — Arrived Feb 19 — Br bark In
vermay, from Antwerp; atmr Marshfleld. from
■' EVERETT— Sailed Feb 19— Schr Willis A
Ho'.den. 'or San Pedro.
PORT O AM BI.E— Sailed Feb 19— Schr Spo
kane, for 1.
ISLAND PORTS.
HOXOLT7L1;— Sailed Feb 19— Br »Unr Doric,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DUNGENESS — Passed Feb IS — Br ship Car
narvon Bay. from Shields for Port I>ob An-
S VaLMOUTH— Sailed Feb 18— Br ship Wan
derer, for San -Francisco, lost Halls having
been replaced.
PORT NATAI- — Arrived crior to Feb IS —
Br s«r!l3 Gantock ■ Rock, from Whatcom.
USHANT— Passed Keb 19 — Ger star Carda.
hence Oct 1 for Hamburs.
SYDNEY — Arrived Drior to Feb 10 — Nor
bark Sigurd, from Tacoma.
KOBE— Arrived Feb 10— Ger stmr Albenga,
from Hongkong.
MALTA— Passed Feb 18— Br stmr Lowther
Castle, from Yokohama for New »York.
PERIM — Passed Feb IS — Br stmr Queen
Olga, from Cebu for Philadelphia.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 19— Stmr Main
for Bremen.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Ceoxic
from Liverpool and Queenstown. ;
HAVRE — Arrived Feb 19— Stmr La Lnr
raln*. from New York .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr Corin
thian, from New York.
K r^ MB fro R m G N^^rk FCb Bel '
la C ?o? E N^ A Y G o?k N '- SaUed Fcb K - StoH «-
A^; A ri^M^m r^Yo F kl b »^"» **
Cal Po-wder.120 — f n & * Bk Ba-lJ^i —
CaJ Ship Co. 15 30 Oak T Con. 65 —
Cal T 1 AT.1W 1*0 JIOOKHallA 514 —
Cen Ek. Oak 63 Ti — | C^ri; h*urn f «- — \«\
Chutes Co . . - S Pac S Tel < o - 100V,
City A C Bk. — 112 iParaf Pa:nt SS —
gfi£?S£:i2o t &*
Fischer TMr — iflS'J V/at_ Co. — lCfi
Frncb-A Bk.lO2^1f>R .SO & MT g^,r: le<>
Gas Con A. 1»', =1 ! Swiss- A f*J^ M m ~ u
Hono P Co. . »% 12 f Truckee Elec 1|» 13
i I»n& SP Bk — M j CR InC pfd. 44^ —
Mat Kav Co. — DO i Do com .. 10^ —
Morning Session.
$rt.C0»> United' n R of S F 4 per cent. . V* 37 V,
S5.0CO United R R of S F 4 per c«nt.. 73
1CS Palific et States Tel & Te! Co..lOOOO
Afternoon Be««lon.
52.000 VnittS R n of P F- 4 per cent. . 79 00
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
______ '.- • . '
Oil Stocks— Bid. s^
Alma -; [
Apollo *jj "^k
ABBOciated Trust Cert 10 ;{»
Aztec :■
California Standard i» ••--
Oarlboii • 11 " w
rentral Point Con »"
Chicane Crude »JJ •;«
Claremont ™J
Esperanza '', "rh
Four .' « 4^
Fulton -i
Giant ha Aft
Ham'ord "» £^
Home 1 — -a »
Imperial J«
Independence '^ ":^
Junction '^ lzT , n
Kem " \, 42
Monarch of Arizona *' "
Monte Cristn 7,' V't
Occidental of W Va !■• I*
Oil City Petroleum f*
Peerless i3 <v> -'^
Pittsburg -M- *"*
Reed Crude 4 ,0
San Joaquln O & T> S _• ••*"
Senator ♦•"
Sovereinn 44 «'«/>
Sterling •• z ""
Superior . J» .**
Thirty-three 5 Ort «$rt
Toltec -, 1J r*
Twenty-eight 4 20 ..^.
West Shore 2 30 2.5
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 1 25 2 JV>
Northern Cal Power » <*> 10 °°
Parafflne Paint 37 50 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works . 2 00
SALE?.
Morning Session.
7eo Associated Oil „ W
C22 Home * -*•
fJX> Monte Crlsto *?
10O Junction 16
Afternoon Session.
10O Illinois Crude 1 1"
50n Occidental, b 10 14
10 Sovereign 4S
1O Sterling 2 T*>
1 Hanfonl 14i* <*>
CO Thirty-three Oil 5 50
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE!
Following were the sales on the Pan Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
10(V> Andes 4.1' 3iiO Ophlr 4 3X
SOO Belcher 35 flO Ophir 4 4O
10O Caledonia ...110; 2W Overman .... •"•7
S0O Challenge Con 27 1 3ro Potosl IS
20O ChoKar 21 1 100 Savage SB
7()0 Con C & Va.l «0 ; 7f« Sierra Nev .. 53
20»> Confidence ...I 20- rtno ITnion Con .. J»t
100 Gould & Cur. 4.T 30O I'nlon Con .. K2
2C!0 Oould & Cur. 421 1C«> Utah -2
11M> Mexican 1 T<> 10O Yellow Jacket ! 50
50 Mexican I t» I
Afternoon Session.
SCO Andes ' 441 1C0 Ophir 4 20
SCO Belcher Z4\ 2t:o Ophir 4 10
ICO Belcher XI 30O Ophir 1 M
I0O Caledonia ...1CS H;0 Savage ."I
230 Con C & Va.l 6SIIS00 Scorpion B3
1 CO Mexican 1 CSI 20O Sierra Xev .. 81
100 Occidental ... 84 l 5CO Utah 5O
PACIFIC STOCK KXCHAXfjE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornin? Session.
ICO Andes "42; liiO Potosi 17
ICO Caledonia ...1 10 40t> Sierra Xev .. XI
20O Con C & Va.l ♦lOT 4«> Sierra Xev .. 52
SCO Mexican . 1 70; r>fiO Union Con .. SI
100 Ophtr 4 SO] 400 Union Con .. S2
30O Ophfr 4 23j 360 Union Con .. SO
ICO Ophir 4 t;0 200 Yellow Jacket SO
WO Overman .... 3r> ; 40» Yellow Jacket 51
1 CO Overman .... -"7 ICO Yellow Jacket 49
200 Overman . ZZ
• Afternoon Session.
10O Andes 441 200 Ophir 4 15
150 Belcher I W 2CO Ophir ........4 05
20O Caledonia ... 1 <:5 ! SCO Overman .... .%4
100 Challenge Con 25! 20O Potosl ....... 17
ino Con C & Va.l tHViwm Scorpion ..... CI
40O Crown Point. 24 too Sierra Xev .. 52
100 Gould & Cur. 411 Ido Union Con .. S2
1 no Mexican 1 70 Union Con .. 81
100 Ophir 4 20,
TOXOPAH MIXIXG EXCHAXGE.
Followinsr were the sale<< on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Evelyn 34J273S Ton Belmont. 50
600 MacXamara . 18 8f)O Ton Midway. 40
130O Mont Ton .,140 ,W Ton Midway. 41
900 Ton Belmont. 51 100 Ton X Star.. 35
Afternoon Session.
70O Brunswick .. P« 35O Ton Belmont. 30
200 Evelyn 3.1 2W> Ton Belmont. 31
2.V) Mont Ton ..1 40 400 Ton Felmont. P2
130O Rescue 07 SCO Ton Superior. 07
400 Rescue OS
CLOSIXG QUOTATION'S.
FRIDAY. Feb. 19 — 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. ( Bld.Ask.
Alpha Ofi OS Justice 06 CS
Alta 05 08!Kentuck 03 P4
Andes 43 44|Keyes Gra»*. — 1 75
Belcher 33 34 (Lady Wash.. — C«
Best & Belch.2 00 2 25 i Mexican 1 «T> 1 70
Bullion It 12 Occidental ... 88
Caledonia - -.1 00 1 C5| Ophir 4 1(> 4 «f»
Challenge Con 25 26j Overman .... 3.1 S5
Chollar 1S> 21 i Potosi ....... IB IT
Confidence ...1 10 1 2o| Savage 52 53
Con C & Va.l 6O 1 65jScorplon 03 0*
Con Imperial. 02 04|Seg Belcher.. 07 0«
Con X T 04 OSiSierra Xev .. M M
Crown Point. 24 2«' Silver Hill .. 68 6*
East Sierra X — C5 St Louis .... 17
Eureka Con.. — DO Syndicate ... 04 05
Exchequer ... 13 15 Union Con .. 7» SI
Gould & Cur. 42 44 Utah 20 22
Hale & Xorc. SO 91> .Yellow Jacket 47 4S
Julia <H 05
TOXOPAH MIXES.
Bid. Ask. I ;,' . BJd.Ask. "
Colehan — 15 Ray Tonooah. IS —
Esperanza ... — 01 Ray & OBriea 07 09
Gipsy Queen. — 25>|Ton Belmont. BO 51
Gold Anchor. 12 2S,n*on & Cal... — 20
Gold M Con. — OS I Ton Exten -.60
Hannapah ... — 11 Ton Fraction. — 40
Hannapah Mu — 25 Ton of Xev. .« 00 8 5O
Little Ton . . — 1 00 Ton X Star. . 34 35
MacXamara . IT 20 Ton Midway. 40 — .
Mlzpah Exten 11 — Ton A S Lake 10 —
Mont Ton..l 37^4 1 40 Ton Superior. 07 —
X Y Ton .... — 03 United Ten... — u
Paymaster... 08 11 West End .. 13 — .
Ray Exten .. — 18 *
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA RTVERS.
The following table elves a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated. Sow
of certain California rivers in cubic f*et per
second, or second feet. The fljures for tha
last year may b« revised by latar measure
ments. The flgurea are by S. O. Baaaett.
hydrographer.' United States Geological Survey:
SACRAilENTO HI V Kit AT IRON 1 CANTOM,
■" Second F«et.
DATE. u— — .
» 1903. 1904.
February 7 15.060
February 8 18.700
February 9 17,500
February 10 18,300 .....
February 11 21.10O
February 12 21.10O
February 13 ; 17.900.
TUOLUMNB RIVER AT LA GRA3TGSL *
DATE. | 8««»<}rMt.
1003. 1304.
February 7 u*O TAX
February 8 ls(in 310
February 9 i 4S rt 280
February 10 um 15U
February 11 lmo 15 -
February 12 l-jjo iqgo
February 13 1320 i260
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
DATE. | Second Fe.t. __
>■"-* 1903. 1904.
February 7 S43 ? -^
February 8 104l , zm
February » 975 320
February 10 jjj,, .^^
February It .'.'.'/. l<m> ,rV>
February 12 1040 340
February 13.. «j 0 sty
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLS.
DATE. I Second Feet. _^
1903. 1304. '
February 7 1^3 7s
February 8.. «4S '. 51
February !> ;~ 304 43?
February 10. 2T>\ 4-1
February It........... 204 «
! February 12 i«3 45
February 13. .V. 163 10t 1COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
European bourses weak, with money gradually hardening.
Wall-street Stocks lower. Cotton higher-
Sterling Exchange fractionally firmer and Silver weaker.
Local Stocks and Bonds still quiet and featureless.
\ Wheat advances sharply under heavy trading.
Barley Futures active and higher.
Oats, Corn and Rye strong in sympathy with other grains.
.Miilstuffs may advance with the ran' Cereals.
\Hoy 50c higher. Bran and Middlings unchanged.
-. Colored Beans in moderate supfilv and firm.
. Potatoes quiet but firm and Onions rising.
'Southern Vegetables firm under light supplies.
■■Poultry in light receipt and firm. Game quiet.
- Fruit market inactive and not -materially changed.
Bnitcr, Eggs and Cheese continue plentiful and weak.
. 1 revisions dull here, but firm in the West.
Hogs coming in rather more freely again.
EUROPEAN MARKETS.
Mil Are Nervous, With Shrinking
Values.
The European bourses, according to tele
rran-.s to Mitchell. Mulcahy & Co. of this
«-ty. cortlcue neircus and weak, the Russian
enf Japanese «ec-jrities bring especially de
° vil^r?' BrltIs J h consols were eff again slightly
S?5*5& . a! " d . a 55!* was r^«-ted gradu
allj harccr.ir-e In Europe. A rumor that the
*4^ apsatainatcd di(J not help quota
tions tny. In New York there was talk of
f^l°/ X J' CTts in lhe noar future, though noth
» £££2? Was expressed about It. Cotton
■t.JtS 001^'-^ to Pradstreet's, on December 20.
xs«o. the aggregate value of X25 representa
tive securities quoted on the London Stock
Exchange was £ 2.934. 30j». 000. v.hlle on Janu
*r r »Vt"", - m **" the identical shares brought
*-^«*>",t577.fi«JO. or a decrease of £13,C91,O(.iO.
Tlie Bankers" Magazine points, out that dur
iT\M Jcruarj- consols fell to the lowest point
■J lbtiC. and til "Kiit t-dged" 1 securities gave
* E >" ' n sympathy. Foreign government eecuri
tiee were, of course, especially depressed In
connection with the political situation, the
•beavy ftil la Japanese, Russian and Chine*
securities being mainly responsible for the
riacfced shrinkage n this section of the mar
■«, but ail other forvign stocks were more or
less afft-cttd in sympathy.
THE RUSSIAN CASH BOX.
• What the Imperial Bank of Russia
Holds in Gold Coin.
Tie Wall -street Journal says:
. "The war betwet-n Russia and Japan makes
an «xam:nBtion of the position of the Im
!*-rial '■■.-: h fit Russia of t-special interest. On
January 21 the Imperial Bank of Russia had
$144.250. 000 of cash in hand, of which $79.
• tSSjOOO consisted cf gold. f2S.525.CKio of note*.
C2MBO.OO0 of silver coin, and $8,545,000 of
silver and copper coins of low value. Beyond
this amount cf cash it held S233.215.C00 of
irold bars, etc., and it poss-essed a balance of
?K4.O3f..Oi>O of gold abroad. This latter item
5r.surr.abiy means the balances of the Bank
of Berlin. Paris. London, and elsewhere, upon
which it could draw in pold if it desired to
<2o to. Including the gold in bars and coin,
the total amount cf gold held by the bank,
exclusive of that standing to its credit abroad.
Is $37o.T2sj.f«Kf. and inclusive of the foreign
balances it amounts to f4."»4.7.i5.O<JO. On the
tnlier hand tLe notes in circulation amount
to ?! > KG.47<i.OOrt. The cash balance in the treas
ury is JITV.rrrOfJOO but beyond this, the turn
of 5:f2,:r;."i.<K»» B »vas held by the treasuries ax
*i-oni-ifrnations.' Should hortll'.tips unfortu
nately rc-sult, the Government balances in the
bank would doubtless be drawn upon to pay
for sur;>!ies of food' and other produce se
cured from abroad. In the first place theee
*ift}pliep will probably be paid for out of ths
very large baJance of nearly $sr>,<KK',<A)O stand
ing to the credit of the Imperial Bank in for
«-;gn"mr>n«y markets. Ani the actual gold re
■ervea of the bfink. amounting to a little
cter $350.00.000. would only be drawn upon
«'hep thest fon isn balances were exhausted.
In .-considering the possibility of gold exports
from Rusrsia it ha*, of eounse. to be bcrne in
rn'.nfi that th<? Russian obligations for- interest
nbroad are very Jarge. and that Russia is
compelled to ship a great deal more produce
xMu it receives in order to, mm its foreign
obligations. In recent years the excess of ex
ixirts rver im;>orts has befn kept down to a
relatively low figure by the ability of Russia
to borrow in the French market for the pur
po*e of meeting a portion of its interest obliga
tions. AVere Russia unable to borrow for a
eofisiderab'.e period, a large increase in its
exports, for the purjose of meeting Its interest
olilipatlor.B would be inevitable, unless the
ca*lt balances ttbfXid were greatly reduced
or gold was exported from Russia. Much un
certainty **xists at to how much Russia would
toe able to borrow abroad in the event of hc«s
tdlties. and The indications jK>liit to the proba
bility that the foreign balances of th» Rus
fcian Government and of the Imperial Bank
may have to be drawn uj«on and that possibly
poid may be t-xported."
Wine Exports in January.
The export's of wine from San Francisco by
f#» in JaJiuary were as follows:
TO — Gallons. Cases. Values.
Hawaiian Islands .. 38.023 167 ?10.<r.3
Tahiti KN661 ... 3.M5
Central America .... 9.301 112 4.722
Mexico 10.255 193 6,088
Panama 4.270 12 1,319
Colombia X*20 4 1.5<:S
Ecuador 450 4 245
BritlBh Columbia l.«79 17 1.040
'China 2.002 2 7r>7
Japun 2.2S2 2 1,1-29
•ESet Indies * 193 1 1"2 ;
Philippine iKlanils 100 2H0
K £l rvi « •■• 27
_>>w York 707.585 ... . 234,€S9
Totals 7D0.5S2 C14 $270,821
Ii» January. 19C3. the export* were 341.501
pallonfi and .'H4 casee. valued at $'21. 314. ■ In
that mpn;h TfiflVf gallons, valued at f9C,919.
went tr» New York.
Weather Report.
*120rh Merician— "Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 19—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate a* compared with those of the same data
lstt 'teascn and rainfall* in lact twenty-four
hoar*: • '
Last This List
Stations — 21 hours. Season. Season.
jZ-reVa. 0.2<) 33.24 40. 70
Vrii Wufi O.C2 K5.C9 11.51
Sacramento O.02 0.10 H.24
F-^n FnstdMCO O.03 U.57 11.48
F-e^r.o 0.00 2.47 5.72
iKOnteaamcm o.oo 1.1:6 l.ol
San Lu'.k <'b:spo 0.O0 3.42 11. S3
Zs* Anccles 0.00- 2.M B.M
San Diego <>«H) 1.73 9.05
TilE COAST RECORP.
" =223 5 "3
s 11 if g- %
' -TAT1CN. § || |1 |3 f° I
S c : : s
: ? ? i '■■.
' * !
Tslrer •>. ."Ml. 04 34 "rt N Eaow .'"/C |
Carr:on 2;'.:»^ r,4 3C N\V Pt.Cldy .(<0
Eurtka 80.22 4S ZH N Cloudy .08 1
FaraHon ..... .*UW M 49 W Fosrff>" .10
FrcsOT" :VKitG C, 42 N\V Cloudy .00
FisfHafT .....2"!.:)S 44 22 SV/ Cloudy .00
7<^atello :.".'. .30.04 S4 12 K Pno^v T. I
Vjj^t li-yen ...'!0.o7 r.4 4C N\V Fccsy -29
Ir.drrendence .T.l.m :,u ::2 PV. Cloudy .00
I^>* Afsreles ..:W.O2 r.4 40 sv.* Clear .0»» !
Kt Tar:ar;al«!.r;0.12 4S V,H NW Pt.Cldy T. I
North Head ..30. OS 44 3S H Cloudy ..10
Phoenix 29.:»0 70 4(i N Pt.Cldy .JO
KortTand /....SO.IO 4S :iS FW Pt.Cldy . .3U \
cj Eluff 30.^0 &S 34 S Pt.Cldy -»S!
•Roscburz S«..1O 4« 30 KW Pt.Cldy .10
Jiorajiicnto ...10. OS MO 50 PK Cloudy .V
«^!t tek« 30.0S 4" 10 NW Cloudy -*<0
5*r. Fran-Ji.«>.30.J4 M TiO W Cloudy .0-1
fi. %. Ofcl!rpo..30,M W 42 W Clear .00
Pan* bi<sso ;i0.<irt «2 .12 NW Clear ,<0
Seattle ... 30.00 44 32 S Rain .10
Bpokane .no.ftO 40 24 FW Pt.Cldy .04
Tatoos-h* 29.«1G 42 SS SW Cloudv .04
V.aaa" Wal!a..^0.OC AH 2« FW Pt.Cldy .14
"Vlinnetnucca ..29.94 f>0 S2 TV Cloudy .00
Tuiaa 2^.90-74 4S, NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The Btona bas moved rapidly eastward ana
cor.riJtions are b^comine favorable for' fair
w«-ath«-r over a large portion of the Pacific
Slc;>e en Saturday.
Light rain ha? fallen from San Francisco
northward and fog is reported at the Faral
loneg and at lVnt Reyes.
The following maximum wltfd velocities are
reported: Wlnnemucca. 30 miles, from tne
west; Pocatello. 20 miles, from the east, and
Six kane. ::(» mile*, southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. February 20:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; light
north winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; light
north winds, changing to westerly.
Nevada — Fair Saturday, cooler. *
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
l!ght north winds. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
EASTERN 3IARKETS.
A T rrv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— Money on call.
steady; closinc bid, 1*4 per cent; offered, 1%
per cent; time leans were easy; sixty days,
aSS'i per cent; ninety days, S'"^! per cent';
eix month?, 4fa4'.-« per cent.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— The Inaction of to
day's stock market was a natural sequence of
the behavior of the market on preceding days
of the we.*. The- efforts of the tratlers hav
inc proved unavailing either to depress or to
a<i.-»nce i>rices. they seemed to give up ths'.r
attempt to-day. Except Amalgamated Copper
and Brooklyn Transit, not a single stock of
first-rate iticortanee moved as vnuch as a
uoint away irom last nights level. Some cl
the inactive nocks made wide icssits and ;ii ••
Indicated the j.revaillns downward tendency
of prices, nearly Imperceptible though it wa«.
The ffrliliii: for foreign account was the most
conspicuous feature of the day and was a
measure of the uneasiness felt abroad over the
thn-at of complications of other great powers
in the bOBttUtlea in the Far East or in the
threatened outbreak in the Balkans. Private
cables reported much pressure upon the mar
kets both in Berlin and Paris, where some
fears were *aid to exist of financial embar
rassments. Both thoee money centers axe
larit-ly committed to Russian securities, both
State and industrial, and the fall In the
prices since the war broke out causes the ne
cessity of some- protective measures by their
holders. These measures seem to have extend
ed to tfcp selling of some American securities
which affects the New York market. The ef
fect of actual war news here seems unimpor
tant, but the wheat market sufficiently indi
cates the importance that would attach to the
involvement of other foreign powers.
The prospects cf a strong bank statement
had littlp effect on stocks. The indicated gain
of carh from the interior may be due to the
preparation of interior Government depositories
to transfer 20 per cent of their deposits to des
ignated New York bank? in response to the
call of the Secretary of the Treasury to pro
vide for the Panama canal payment. The ef
fect o' this operation will be seen, therefore
to increase !n the first place the cash In the
New -Jork hanks. The effect when the actual
rerrittanees shall be made to Panama stock
holders Is still matter Tor conjecture. The
rains fro->. the Subtreasury have been auu
rrented by the telegraphic transfer from Pan
Francisco nn account of Japanese gold This
Japanese pold is believed to be in payment for
purchase rf provisions in ti.is country But
it Is probable that payments In London for
.Japanese purchases th»re are also involved
Japanese -old <- a n purchase sterling exchange
In New York at cheaper rate than the gold can
be transferred to London and Japan is fud
poseii to be anxious to conserve her deposits In
the Bank of England for future contingencies
This process mav also help to explain the
strength of Fterlin? at New York for several
days past. The late drive ugraln.it Amalga
mated Cor>Der and Brooklyn Transit gave the
market its onlv sien of activity and contrib
ute<l to the weak closing.
jMsn'ooo"" duU an<1 WPak ' Total sa!eSl
T'nited States bonds were unchanged on call
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 17.700 00% m;u t 0>i
AUhison pfd 200 89 89 WjT?
Baltimore & Ohio.. 16,100 7«V4 75»4 75^
Bait & Ohio pfd 100 87"£ 87% 87
Canadian Pacific... l.dOO 115% 115% 1I3U
Cent of New Jersey 500 150=}; 154% lf,5
Chen & Ohio fcOO 31 30? ao>i
Chicago & Alton... 300 36^ 2H>A 3(jti
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 82^ H2y. 82
Chicago & Gt West 000 15V 4 15 15U
Chi & N W i(53
Chi. Mil & St Paul. 15,400 139% 139N, 139V
<^i. M & S P pfd .... (7* ,
Chi Term & Trans. 100 9V. 9U UU
Chi T & T pfd 300 191,4 19 iu
C C C & Pt Louis ; 72
Colorado Southern. 50<> 15% 15U 1514
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 52Vi 02U 62
Colo South 2d pfd.. 200 22 22»i TMi
I>la &■ Hudson... 300 159^ "159' 159'
Dela Lack & Wett. 100 2»;2 262 250
Denver & Itio Gr. . 700 20 20 15
Den &. Rio Or pfd.. 100 «7*ri «7« (57
Erie 9,mjO 24>i 24 24U
Erie 1st pfd 1,300 tttU 63 62%
Erie 2d p« (J00 40% 40H 40^
Hocking Valley 73
Hocking Val pfd... 100 81 14 81 % 81
Illinois Central MKy 128 127^ 12~%
Iowa Central 100 17% 17% 17
Iowa Central pfd 34
Kanras City South J.S
K C Southern pfd 34
Ixiulsv Sc. Nashv... 3.200 102S 102S lt- 1^
Manhattan L .HffO 142H 142>A I*'."k
Metrnpol Securities 100 SftJ£ 86% 8C
M*troi>olUan St Ry 1,200 117 11C 115%
Minneapolis & St L 53
M St P & Sault S M 400 C0% 60 14 G0>i
M StP & S S M p.'d 100 119 119 119
Missouri Pacific... 3.700 89>,4 85% «S%
MlfFouri K & Tex lf>%
M K &■- T pfd COO 30 35% :i.'!"i4
Nat HR of Mcx pfd 33^4
New York Central. 3,400 114 W, ll."<% 11 u^.
Norfolk & Western 1.400 06% 5fl 56
Norfolk & West pf4 fis
Northern Securities , 90^4
Ontario & Western. J.800 20>4 20% 'M-n,
Pennsvlvaria 2S.S0O 114U 113% 11.1%
Pitts C C & Ft L GO
Reading 4.0C0 41% 41 \\ 4HJ
Reading 1st pfd ; 79V4
Beodlnr 2J pfd 50 !
Ttork I?land Co 1.000 21% 21% 21%
Rode Icland Co pfd OO14
St L & S F 2.i pfd 41
Ft L S W 100 V',% 13% 1314
I Ft L S W pfd 9.C00 457i 45 V» 45U
! Southern Railway. 3,400 19% 10% «•< = ,
! Southern Hy Pfd.. 300 fiOU R0 80
I Texas ft: Pcciflc... &00 23ii ' 22^i 21>4
Toledo Ft I> A W 22
Tol St L & W pfd ST<
Union Pacific 24.000 77 7dVj 76W
T'nion Pacific pfd'.. 100 90 00 £914
! Wsbash 100 ISVi 18 1SU
'•■ Wafcash pfd 1,400 34>4 34% 34Vi
Wheel & Lake Erie H'4
Wirconein Ctntral .... 1R>4
Wisconsin c*n pfd 40
Express Companies —
Adams>. .' .... .... 220
American 190
United States 100 105 105 10.$
Wellts-Farco 20S-
MlseeUanemjF —
Amalgam Copper.. 22.400 47% 4C% 46%
Am Car & Found.. 1.200 10% 19% 19
Am Car &F pfd.. 100 C9% 68^ C8
Am Cotton Oil.... 100 29 29 29
Am Cotton Oil pfd. .... .... 88
American Ice S00 S«4 8% 8
American Ic* pfd.. 400 31% ' 30U 30U
Am Unseed Oil.... '. fly*
Am Linseed Oil pfd 27
Amer I>ocoraotive. . 10,«00 23% 21% 22
Amer'Loco pfd... 200 79% 79 79
Am Smelt & H»f.. 100 47% 47% 47%
Am S & Xlef pfd.. 100 fll 91 00%
Amer Sugar Ref... 1.000 121 % 121 124
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
- i ■ .-_ .•"
Anaconda Mln Co.. S00 64 62% 62
Brklyn Rap Trans. 15,800 41% 40*4 40%
Colo Fuel & Iron ••,-• '81
Consolidated Gas... 1,300 102% 102 191%'
Corn Products 100 18% 1S% 18
Corn Products pfd 69
Dl»tlllers r Sccr 23Vi
General Electric... 700 165 163 163
International Paper 100 11% 11 Vi 11
Interntl Paper pfd. 200 65%, 65% 65
International Pump .... | 33
Interntl Pump pfd 71%
National Lead • .... -.... 14%
North American 83%
Pacific Mail.,.,... 100 .26% 26% 2«Vi
People's Gas 800 88% 87% 08.
Pressed Steel Car.*. 28V4
Presaed S Car pfd.. 300 69% 69 69
Puliman P»lace Car 210- '
Republic Steel 300 7%.. 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. '400 44 43% 43
Rubber Goods 1,100 20% 1»% .' 19%,
Rubber Goods pfd. . 75
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 800 ? 30 i . 35% . 35%
U S Leather 100 7 7 7
U S Leather pfd - 70%
U S Realty.;.-. 200'- 7%. ,7% ■■'*%■
U S Realty pfd , 500 54 63% 53
U S Rubber."...;..' ■..:.'• .:.. 11%
U S Rub&er pfd... 2.400 47'i 47% 47%
U S Steel... v 700 11% '. 10U - 10%.
U S Steel pfd..,. .. ' 7,700 60% 6«% 56% ;
Westinghouse Elec. 200 1G0 160 159
Western Union 200 .87% .87%: 87%
Total sales 234.300 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OP SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Feb. 10. — Bond transactions.
United Railroads- of San Francisco, 27,000 at
79T4. • • ' '
AMERICAN CAN COMPANT. * i.
Common, bid 3%, asked 4; preferred, bid
34>i. asked 35%.
NEW YQRK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.104% L & N unified 4s. 9S !
Do coupon ..... 104 % Man con gold 4s. 103%
Do 3s reg lOtf Mex . Cent 4s 04%
Do coupon 100 Do 1st inc 12%
Do new 4s reg.i:.'2% Minn &. St L 4s. 98%
Do coupon. 132% M. K & Tex 4s.. 97 *,
Do old 4s reg.107 ' Do 2ds .... 77%
Do coupon ..... 107 NR of Mex con 4s 73%
Atch gen 4s 99% N Y C gen 3%s.. 96%
Do adj 4s 68. N J C gen 5s. ..129
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S% Nor Pac 4s 102%
Bal & Ohio 4s. .101% Do 3s . . . : 78%
Do 3%s «3Vi Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Central of Ga 5s.lO5% OSL 4s & partlc. 91%
Do 1st inc 170 Pa conv 3%6... 05
Ches & Ohio 3%. 103% Reading gen 4s.. 0«
Chi & Alton 3%s. 75Vi SL & I M con 5s.ll2%
C B & Q new 4s. 01% S L & 8 F fg 4s. 80
C.M & StPgn 43.108% St Louis SW lsts. 92%
C & NW con 7e.l2«% Seaboard A L 4s. CO
C. R I & Pac 4s. 68 So Pac 4s..: "83%
Do col 5s 80 So Ry 5s 112
C.C.C & SL gn4s. 97% Tex & Pac lsts. 117
Chi Term 4a 78 T. St L & W 4s. C9
Cons Tobacco 4s. 55% Union Pac 4s.... 102%
Colo & So 4» 85 Do conv 4s 95%
C F & I conv 5s. 72% IT S Steel 2d 5s. 72
Den & Rio G 4s. 97% { Wabash lsts 115%
Erie prior lien 4s 06% Do deb B <S0%
Do gen 4s S4% W & L Erie 4s.. 8!l
F W & D C lsts. 104% Wis Cent 4s 83
Hocking Val 4%s.l05%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 1 Little Chief 07
Alice 25| Ontario 4 00
Breece lOjOphir 4 25
Bruns Con 05! Phoenix 09
Com Tunnel OOtPotosi 14
Con Cal & Va . . . 1 50 i Savage 50
Horn Silver 1 20 : Sierra Nev 45
Iron Silver 1 50; Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con ... C2j Standard 2 50
, Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— U S Steel 10%
Call loans 4 ©4% Do pfd 56
Time loans ...4%®5% Mining —
Bonds — Adventure .. . 2
Atchis.cm 4s 97% Allouez 3%
Do ad> 4s 87 Amal Copper ... 4«i-j
Railroads— Amer Zinc 9
Atchlson 60% Atlantic 7
Do pfd 88% Bingham 19%
Boston & Albany. 245% Calumet & Hecla.440
Boston & Maine. 160 Centennial 18
Boston Elev 137% Copper Range :'.'.>%
Fitchburg pfd 130 Daly West 34%
Mex Central 9% Dom Coal 5tt%
N Y. N H & H..191 Franklin 8 -
Pere Marquette. 75 Grancy 31,4
Union Pacific 76% Isle Royale . . . .' 7%
. Miscellaneous — Maps Mining ... 3%
Amer Artre Chem. 13% Michigan 5-
Do pfd 74 Mohawk 34%
Amer Pneu Tube. 3% Mont Coal & C. 2%
Amer Sugar 124 I Old Dominion ... 10
Do pfd 123 !o«ceola 5C
Amer Tel & Tel.llfl% Parrot ....... 23%
Amer Woolen 9% Qutncy SO
Do pfd C9% Shannon 8
Dom Iron & S.. 8H Tamarack 100
Ed Elec Ilium... 232 Trjnlty 4%
Gen Electric ...160 U S Mining .... 20W
Mass Electric... 1S% D S Oil 9
Do pfd... 74 Utah 32 «
I Mass Gas 38% Victoria 3
I United Fruit ... 96 Winona 5
j Un Shoe Mach.. 47 Wolverine 70
Do pfd 28%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money S6 5-16 N Y Central.. 117
Do a^ct 86% Nor & Western . . .18
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89
Atchlson esYt Ont & Western.. 31
Do pfd 92 I Pennsylvania 5S%
Bal & Ohio 77%i Rand Mines 91;
Can Pacific 118% Reading £it<.
Ches & Ohio Sl% Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West. 15% Do 2<\ pfd. ">0 '
Chi, Mil & St P.143 I So Railway 20
De Beers 19% Do pfd 82%
Den & Rio G.... 20% So Pacific .... 4C«,
Do pfd <!0% Union Pacific 7SH4
Erie 29% Do pfd 01 K
Do 1st pfd »U% U S Steel nu
Do 2d pfd 42% Do pfd 58%
111 Central 131 Wabash - 19
Louis & Nash..lf>5% Do pfd 35V.
M. K & Tex 16%) , J
Bar silver — Dull. 27 7-l6d per ounce.
Money — 2%ff3 per cent. ,
The rate of discount in the open market for
phcrt fcll!s Is 3'4® : 5% per cent, and 3 5-10®
3% per cent for three months' bills.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank
clearings at the principal cities for the week
ended February 18, with the percentage of in
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year.
Per Cent
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $ 9S2.231.332 .... 32 7
Chicago 151.334,010 ..... ■ 14 2
Boston 115.948. 66* .... 181
Philadelphia .... 8().534,:t2 < .) 25 0
St. Louis C3.412.404 17.6
Plttsburg 30.458,558 .... , 22.0
San Francleco ... ; 29.038,668 .... 22
Baltimore 17,258,675 18. 8
Cincinnati 22,026,3150 .3
Kansas City .... 22.510.914 2+.8 ....
New Orleans .... 24,880,865 58.2
Cleveland 12.174.912 13. (j
Minneapolis 12,745.208 7.8
Detroit 8.6C8.797 6.0
Louisville 12,123.401 8.3
Omaha «.97S,4S4 4.0
Milwaukee 8,875,870 11.3
Providence 6,475,200 13.8
Buffalo 5,601,900 17.0
Indianapolis 0,480,570 20.1
ft. Paul 5,220,342 10.8
Los Angeles (i.177.339 8.4 ....
St. Jo«eph 4,387.215 .... 1 o
Denver 3,927.941 11.2
Columbus 4.240,700 4.2 . .
Memphis 5,801.455 39.8
Seattle 3,136.190 28 8
Richmond 4.6ft4,«52 IS. 3
Washington 3,671,053 70
Savannah 3.006.S07 .... 32 6
Albany 2,877,109 .... 28 9
Portland, Or i 3,152.070 .... 2 3
Fort Worth 4.745.698 60.3 .. ,
Toledo, 0 2,5<>5,581 ..... 120
Salt Lake City.... 2,770,215 C.9 ..".
Pcoria 2.040.926 '. ... 0 4
Atlanta. 3,175,753 3,6
Rochester 2,352,361 5,5 I
Hartford 2.130,102 27.0
Nashville 2.600,355 13.9
Dea Molnes 2.I49.66C. 17.7 ..'..
Spokane, Wash.... 2.350,210 12.0 ..(.
Tacoma 1,832.328 .... 170
Grand Rapids...... 1.527.257 -2.3 ....
New Haven .... 1.7M.747 .... 0
Scranton 1,781,141
Dayton 1.565.545 2.5 ....
Norfolk :.'.-. 1,482.620 8.9
Springfield. Mass. 1,224,001 .... 20.0
Worcester 1.127,267 .... 40.1
Portland. Me ... 1,310.631 .... 5.0
Augusta, Ga 1,232,214 .... 40.1
Topeka 734.420 .{.. 44.3
Sioux City 1,144.140 Kl. 7>
Syracuse ........ 1,153,174 .... " 25.2
Evar.BVlllo 1.045,990 2.3 ....
Birmingham 1.256,711 16.4
Wilmington. Del.: 1,051.019 13.3
Knoxville 066,480 .0
Davenport.. T61.773 4.1 ....1
Little Rock 1,065,004 11.7 I
Wllkerbarre 728,825 21.2'
Kail River 1,305.412 20.7 ' I
Macon 794,000 10.3 ;
Wheeling. W. Va. 616,684 23.5
Wichita 1.O19.680 52.3
Akron 617.400 . 1.0
Chattanooga 715.972 8.6 '
Bprlngfield, 111.... 012,291 ..".. 6.0
Kalaraazoo, Mich. 623,540 .... .0 |
Youngstown ..... 441,551 .... • 2G.9
Helena .......... 628.752 10.8 ....
Lexington ....... 621,078 3.1 ....
Fargo. N. D. 371.380 .... 4.1
New Bedford 574.769 7.0' : '...\
Canton, O.. ....... 453.000 11,0 '....
Jacksonville, Fla. 806,672 88.7 .;..
Lowell 481,407 *, .... 1,5
Chester, Pa 383,352 • .... 1.8
Greeneburg, Pa.. 391,513 .... 6.4
i Rockford, 111 398.132 .,- 3.4;. j
Blnghamton 366,300 .... 15.6 «
Springfield. O 415,081 23.1 ....
Bloomington, 111.. 344.550 , ....
Qulncy. Ill .. • 420,098 16.9 . .....
Sioux Falls. S. D. 202,701 3.0
Mansfield, 0 181.668 7.1 ....
Decatur, 111 246,612 9.3 ....
Jacksonville. 111., 166,291 17.0
Fremont, Nebr.... 163,947 8.9
•Houston 14.038,646 .4.1 *
•Galveeton ' 8,261,000 ;.... i . 7.0'
Charleston, S. C. 1.231,301 ,i.. 6.8
Cedar Rapids 322.394 ..;.
Totals U. S.. $1,734,205,746 " 24.0
Outside N. Y. 761,074,402 .... 8.3
CANADA.
Montreal '.?15.4S-t,440 .... 15.3
Toronto 12,442,138 ...." 20.0
Winnipeg 3.975,927 22.6
;Ottawa 1,515,265 IT. 2
(Halifax 1,445,374 1.6 i
I Quebec 914,957 .... 24.5
Vancouver, B. C 1,188,493 12.4 |
Hamilton 1,061.709 8.6 '
I London, Ont 720.206 .... 4.3
! St. John, N. B 750,893 .... 2.T
Victoria, B. C t, 709,574 .29.1 ....
Totals, Canada.. ?40, 005,033 .,,; 14.8
•Not included in totals because containing,
other items than clearings.
The Cotton Market..
NEW YORK, Feb. 19. — Cotton futures closed
barely steady, at a net advance o,f 15@25 points.
j*. New York Grain ana: Produce.
I. ■ ■ ' " ■■ ' '. ' ' ' 1 '■ ' ....
f NEW YORK, F*b.. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
' 40,«3S; exports, 3B.88S barrels. ■ Firm and
i Winter stralehts, $4 75©5:' Minne
i »ota watcnts, S5@5 40; winter^extras. f3 50@
i"8 75; Minnesota bakers'. ?4©4 35; winter low
! grades. $:{ 15@3 55.: . . ... -, / ',
WHEAT— Receipts, — *— . Spot, strong: No.
2 red. $1 05 elevator, and $1 OG@1 10 f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 09% f- o.' b.
u afloat. Ot>tion» were active -and . higher and
. closed firm ■ at l%@2Uc net advance. May
i closed $1 02%: July. OS%c; September, 9H4c.
(• Wheat touchfd-new record rriets to-day,
: May reaching $1 0.1W, July 98%c and Septem
ber 01%c, these prices representing an advance,
of 2@o^o for the day and about 5@5%e for
the week. The market closed within U@%c.of.
the too price of the session and the season.
i HOPS— Steady. ♦- . .
i HIDES — Steady. ■ ■
WOOL— Steady. *
. PETROLEUM— Steady. . ■ •
' COFFEE— Spof Rio steady: mild, steady.
Futures closed steady, 5©10 points advanced.
Sales, 73.000 bags, Including: March. 5.fe5c;
May, (I.O.VaO.lOc: July, (J.30iS0.33c; Decemer,
«.8(XS-6.S. r )C ■ • ■
: SUGAR — Raw. firm-; refined,, steady. •<«»
DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATED" APPLES — The market
• shows little improvement,, demand continuing
(light and tone «aHlv Common, -4@5c:' prime,
' 5%@!>Kc: choice, 5»A?f«e; fancy, CMi©7c. :
' PRUNES— Are rerwrted in slightly better de
j mand, oth for domestic and export account.
'Prices, range from 2'/4c to ti*&c, according to
} grades. • -*■ " • •- -
APRICOTS — Remain - firm, with supplies
small, but demand fair. Choice, 9%@10c; ex
tra choice. lOligflO-ftc; fancy, 12@15c.
PEACHES— Also are In good demand and
firm. Choice, 7 U@ 7 Tic; extra choice,' 7^4®
7%c; fancy, 9®10c. ■ ■
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 10. — Tin . advanced
slightly in Ijondon, »pot closing 5s -higher -at
£128 10s. while futures were 2s Od higher at
1126 12s Cd. Locally tin was about 10 points
1 higher, spot closing at $28 37Vs@28 75.
1 Copper closed unchanged at £50 15s for spot
and £56 for futures in the London market. It
was also unchanged locally, with lake quoted
at '$12 «>7%@13 and electrolytic and casting at
$12 37%«il2 C2«4- ...
Lead was unchanged at J. - 5O@4 60 In -the
, local market and also in Lcndon at £11 11s 3d.
Spelter remained unchanged at fO@5 10 lo
cally and at £21 12s Od in London.
Iron closed at 50s Od In Glasgow and at 42s
9d in Middlesboro. The local market was
nominally unchanged. No. 1 founc.ry North
ern, $1£@16; No. 2 foundrv Northern, $14@f3;
! No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry
Southern soft, ?13 75@14 25. '
•■ - 1 .
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
\ CHICAGO. 'Feb. 19.— Wheat for the May de
1 H\*ry to-day was at $1 03 a bushel, an ad
! vunce of 3%C'^%c over last night's close.
Other deliveries were also strong, the July
option at one time being up 3c, compared
I with yesterday's final quotations. Sharp ad
vances in foreign markets, due to- possible
war complications, were J¥>tent factors in .xhe
; local situation. '■ Competition among millers
! for wheat suitable for' the flour trade was
an equally vital Influence. May wheat closed
I at a net gain of 3 1 / iS3%e.
i On the wildest trading experienced since the
market started on its bullish course May
wheat to-day opened at $1J},1 01. The Initial
quotations were %c@l%c above yesterday's
Cl0 ?.m^«r^r'/ es - ~,. July °P ened \k@%c higher
, at lH)%6!)0«4c. The action of the market waa
foreshadowed by a sharp advance in prices
abroad. Liverpool wheat futures being quoted
l%£l>4c higher and London quotations closing
I lVfl-'ftc higher. . The growing scarcity of
good wheat throughout the country was an
added inspiration to the buyers. Eastern bid
ders for Oklahoma wheat made offers equal
to ft t. o. b. Galveston for hard wheat and
I met with no responses from country dealers.
j Reports from other sections showed that sim
ilar conditions applied to the greater part of
j the winter wheat region. Spring wheat mil
lers, owing to the greater scarcity of their
own special milling variety, were reported in
I close competition with millers In Kansas and
, Nebraska for the winter wheat of those States.
; All these considerations developed a bullish
■■ sentiment among local traders, the buying in
creasing as the price continued to rise. When
May wheat reached $1 01% the big Ions In
terest becam<- an open one. At one time
It looked as if the market was on the point
of breaking. After reacting to 99%e, how
ever, the price ~ wag again forced upward by
the urgent demand from shorts. Trading was
so large rfnd general that it was decidedly
j difficult to follow. Fluctuations In May were
j specially wide and it was necessary to go
I away over the market to fill orders. Prices
j climbed upward until the noon hour, when
the high point of the^flay was reached. May
selling at $1 03. Meantime July had risen to
03c. Some reaction resulted on heavy realizing
sales, but within the last few minutes- 01
trading May touched $1 03. The close was
j at $1 02% for May and at 92%c for July.
While the bull campalsm In wheat was in
full progress the enthusiasm in the corn mar
ket had died out temporarily. Not until late
in the day did the corn pit feel the effects
i of the bullish foreign news and the strength
J In wheat. There was big selling In May corn
: by one of the most prominent commission
houses, who were reported to have sold (JVei
a million bushels during the day. May closed
firm at 50%c. being %c higher. July showed
I greater strength and closed l%c higher at
i 54»/j©54%c.
'. Oats were strong, but not especially active.
! May closed at 45 %c, %c higher.
j Provisions- felt the effect' of the war as
j much as the grain markets. May pork led in
, the advance, closing 42V&C higher at $15 57% ;
I per barrel, after selling between $15 17% and j
1 515 67%; May lard was up 12%c and rlbj
• 17%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
j. Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat 2 — ■ ,. ,
May 101 103 99% 102%
July, old 91% 94% 91% 93%
I July, new 9<l% 93 90%'. 92%
j September, old. ■ 87% 88% 87 88% i
j September, new, 86% 87% 86 87%
Corn No. 2— ■ .
! February .... .... 53.
•May 56 56% 55% 56%
'July. 53% 55 53% 54%
I Oats No. 2 —
February .... 42%
! May 44% 45% 44 45%
F'July 40% 40% 40 40%
September . 34% 35% 34% 3j%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May ......15 20 15 67% 15 17% 15 57%
July 15 05 15 60 15 05 15 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 7 80 7 00 7 77% 7 90
July ........... 7 90 8 07% 7 90 8 05 i
! Short Ribs, per 100 lbs ■
I May 7 25 7 42% 7 25 7 42%
July 7 37% 7 50 7 37% 750
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, nominally strong; No. 3
sprlns wheat, 85®99e; No. 2 red, 98c@$l 05:
No. 2 enrn, 52%c; No. 2 yellow, 53c: No. 2
oats. 42%@43c; No. 2 white. 46c; No. 3 white,
42%@45%c; No. 2 rye, 72c; good feeding bar
ley, 41 ©42c: fair to choice malting, 48ffii58c:
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 11: No. 1 Northwestern.
?1 18; prime timothy seed, $3 25; mess porkjl
per bbl, flli 37%«?!l5 50: lard, per 100 lbs.
$7 fl7»,i@7 70: short ribs sides (loose), $7 12V?®
7 37%; short clear sides (boxed). $7 37V&0
7 50; .whisky, basis of high wines, $127;
clover, contract grade, $11 15.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34.100 33.400
Wheat, bushels 34,200 '22.800
Corn, bushels ........... ..170.500 ' 168.100
I Oats, bushels ............ .227.200 , 112.000
Rye. bushels -4,800 ' 4.700
Barley, bushels 05,200 18,900
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
'■ CHICAGO, Feb* 10.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter -market was firm:
creameries, 15@25%c: dairies. 13%«?22c; eggs,
firm at <mark. cases ' Included, '28@30c: cheese,
steady. 10@10%c. > < .. -> > .
Livestock Market. "-«
.CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 10.— CATTLE — Recelpta.
2500. Slow. Good to prime steers, $3 25@5 75;
poor to medium, $3 50®4 80; stockers and feed
ers, $2 50@4 15; cows, $160®4; heifers. S2@
4 75; canners, $1 60@2 60; bulls, $2 25@4 10; j
calves. $3 50@5 25. ■ .. ' : 1 i .
HOGS — Receipts: To-day," 28,000; to-morrow,
20,000. Strong. Mixed and butchers, $5@5 85;
good to choice heavy, $5 30@5 45; rough heavy,
$5<g5 25; light, $4 50@5 10; bulk of sales, $5@ .
5 25. . . ■ •
SHEEP — Receipts. 6000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $4@4 CO; fair '
to choice mixed, $3 50®4 25; Western sheep,
$4 20@5 10; native lambs, ? $4@6 10; Western
lambs,.$5 25@G 10. , <
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.-
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — : - - March. . May. July.
Opening ....... 6 7% 6 6% . 6 6%
Closing 6 8% 6 7% 6 7%
PARIS.
Wheat — Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 22 50 22 65
Closing : . 22 55 " 22 70
Flour — . .
Opening 30 90 SO 85
Closing 30 95 30 95
N or tHerit Wheat Market. •,
. , :•■ OREGON.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 19.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 77®78c; bluentem. 82@S3c; valley, 82c.
■ • WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 19.— Wheat, 1 cent higher;
bluestem, 82c; club, 78c. •
Northern Business.
SEATTLE.. Feb. 19.— Clearings, $495, 0S1;
balances. $54,258.
. TACOMA. Feb. 19.— Clearings, $345,879; bal
ances. $70,988.- • -. . ■ . ... • .
. PORTLAND, Feb. 19.— Clearings, $442,749;
balances, $31,394. ... ..
SPOKANE. ■ Feb. 10.--Clearlngs, $377,828 ;
balances, $39,298. .. ' '
X0CAL MAKKETS.
. .c.a Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange was a fraction higher and
Silver a fraction . lower.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling 'Exchange,, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables ■ — 4 87%
New York 'Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange. ' telegraphic. — 15
Sllver.'/per'ounce ....:. i... — 59
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...,.., — i 40
fit -''. ' ■'■ .
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm
■ with a marked advance In futures Wires to
Mlchell, Mulcahy & Co. yesterday said:
"The foreign markets are beginning to wake
up. The 'Continental markets ace all sharply
! higher and the Continent Is bidding up in this
1 country. Broom hall cables from Liverpool
.'that the absence of Russian clearances and the
■ polltlcar situation, especially the resignation
of the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, are
.the points most regarded." .
Chicago advanced 3c on account of large
speculative buying and reported a big and ex
panding market all around, with the prevail
ing sentiment bullish.
In this market futures rose from 5c in May
I to 6c In December in sympathy with Chicago,
with excited trading.
. There was a further advance In cash Wheat
and the market was stiff.
1 CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4001 45; California
White Australian. $1 50@l 55; Northern Club/
$1 40<fZl 45; Northern Blues tern, $1 5OQ1 55
1 per ctl.
j j FU.TURES.
I Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
\ Open. High. Low. Close.
(May $143% $146% "$143% $145%
December ... 1 39% 1 43% 1 39% 1 43%
1 2 p. m. Session.
i Open. Hieh. Low. Close.
May $145% $147% $145% $147%
December ... 1 43% 1 44 1 43% 1 44
BARLEY — There was a lively market In
futures on the morning session with an ad
vance ranging from l%c In May to 4c In
December. It was due to the rise In Wheat
. and the prevailing . bullish eentlment In all
grains, and If current report on 'Change be
correct, to an attempt otr the part" of some
heavy holders of spot Feed to unload their
holdings at a good profit. The cash grain
did not sympathize with the advance and re
mained quiet and unchanged.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 11Vi®J 13%: Shipping ami Brew
ing. $1 17%@1 1S%; Chevalier. $1 17%@1 40
j for fair to choice.
! FUTURES.
• Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 09% $1 10% $1 09% $1 10
December ... 1 04% 1 05% 1 04% 1 05
2 p. m. Session.
December— %X 05%.
1 OATS — Light receipts, moderate stocks and
the rise in Wheat and Barley combine to ren
der the market very firm, though there is no
advance.
White, $1 27%®1 37%; Black. $1 25@1 53;
Red. $1 25<3il 32% for feed and $1 30@l 35 for
seed: Grays. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN— Like everything else In the grain
line rules firm, with moderate stocks and
light receipts. But the only change is an ad
vance in brown Egyptian.
Western sacked. $1 35 for Yellow. $1 35 for
White and $1 32% for Mixed; California lanfo
Yellow. $1 37%<&1 40; small round do *l 50-
White. $1 ret% per ctl: Egyptian. $1 42% for
white and $1 30 for brown.
RYE— Firm, with small stocks reported In
the State and a continued demand for the
north at $1 30<Bl 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75(g2 per ctl.
\ Flour and Miilstuffs.
The tip is out that an advance is impending
In Miilstuffs owing to the current advance In
raw grain.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60@
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Kxtras. $4 40<84 50;
Oregon and Washington Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $404 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
, Oats, bbls, $7 25@S 60; in sacks $6 75@S 10;
i Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per. 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Concerning the recent report that Japan
wanted Hay in this market it now turns out
I that samples are being sent to that country
by steamer, but whether any business will re
sult remains to be seen. The market rules
firm at slightly higher prices. Feedstuffs are
quoted very firm, with Rolled Barley higher.
BRAN— $214*22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 5O@29 per ton.
SHORTS— S21O22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23 CO(S24 50
! per ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill, $29 50@31;
1 jobbing. $J2; Cocoanut Cake *21@22: Corn
Meal, $28 50@29 50; Cracked Corn. $29^30:
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans,. $30®
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl
HAY— Wheat, $15@18 50; Wheat and Oat,
$15«?M8: Oat, $15@17 50; -Wild Oat, $14@16;
Barley, $13:615; Stock, nominal — none here; Al
falfa, J12J; 13 50 per ton.
STRAW — 50@75c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Colored Beans are quoted firm, with Reds
and Red Kidneys scarce and higher. Large
Whites are also firmer than they have been.
Llmas continue steady. I
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25@2 50; Pea. $3; But
ters. $3 50; small White. $2 85®3 10: Jarge
White $2 40(?2 65;. Pink. $2 90@3 10: Red.
$4 5004 75; Lima. $3 25<ffi3 30: Red Kidneys.
$4 50© i 75; Blackcye, $2 1502 25 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $202 50. ,» . .. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75@4; Yellow
Mustard. $303 25; Flax. $1 80@l 90; Canary.
6@5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14@14%c; Rape,
l%@2c: Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp 3%@3%c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn" Seed. $20@21
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of table Potatoes continued light,
but the market was quiet, jobbers and retailers
being apparently-. well. supplied., Holders were
still firm in their views, however, i and buyers
were obliged to pay previous . prices. Sweets
I were steady, with the market gradually clean-
Ing up. -Onions were: firm and rising. It Is
reported that , wevadans cannot be laid down
here^at'lesa than $2 75 per cental. ': ■
Supplies of southern .vegetables continued
scanty and , what little fresh stock came in
cleaned up quickly at firm rates. There were
no String Beans, Egg Plant or Green Peppers
received. Mexican Peppers, ex-steamer, were
offering at 30c for Chiles and 50c for Bell, but
moved -slowly. Mushrooms continued abun
dant and ruled .weak at previous prices. Small
quantities of Asparagus came In and sales were
reported at 60@75c per pound. .
-- POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 95c@
$1 10- per "ctl.: Oregon Burbanks. . $1 10®
130 per ctl; Petaluma and Tomales Burbanks,
$1 1561 20 per ctl; River Reds. $l@l 10 per
ctl; Garnet Chiles, 90c<@$l 05 per ctl; Early
Rose, 95c(&$l 05 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $2®
4J 25 per ctU . : ,' - ■
- ONIONS— Yellow, $2 15©2 50 per ctl for Or
egon and $2 75 for Nevadan; Green Onions.
60S 65c per box.
VEGETABLE^-Green Peas. 7@10c per lb;
String Beans, - — «" per lb; Wax, ;
Tomatoes' from Los Angeles. $Vfil ."0
per box or crate; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, $1@1 50 per box;
Cabbage, $1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 50<575c per dozen for
small and $1@1 25 for large; Garlic. 5®0c per
lb; Egg Plant. per lb; Dried Peppers,
5iffi8c per !b for Stockton and 10@12%c for I
southern; Dried Okra.. 10@12%c per lb; Green
Peppers. per lb; Mushrooms, 10615c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20@.25 per ton for round
lots; Hubbard, $15 per ton.
Poultry and Game. \
AH descriptions of. live Poultry, ruled firm at !
unchanged rates, receipts being light and the j
demand steady. Young chickens had the most !
call and occasional lots of exceptionally fine i
stock commanded a premium. Shippers of ■
dressed Turkeys made the usual mistake of
rushing in supplies in expectation of an extra
demand for Washington's birthday. Over 100
cases came In and dealers found it difficult to
dispose of second quality and "grassy'.' offer
ings, even at the minimum quotation. There
was quite & quantity of such stock still unsold
at the close.
Previous prices ruled for Game, the demand
and supply about balancing.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@21e per lb;
live Turkeys 15®17c per lb; Geese, per pair. |
$2©2 25; Goslings. $2@2 25: Ducks. $5 50@e 50 j
per dozen for old and $U SOffT 50 for young;
Hens. $6 50@7 50 for large and $5 50@6 50 for
small; young Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old Roos
ters, $5 6C©6; Fr*ers. $6@6 60; Broilers, $59
5 50 for large and $4 60@5 for small; Pigeons, !
$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25@2 50 i
for Squabs. 1
GAME — Gray Geese. $3 per dosen; White ]
Geese, $1@1 50; Brant. $1 50 for small and i
$2 50 for large; Honkers. $5 for large and $l j
for small; English Snipe. $2 50@3; common
Snipe, $1 50; Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25<81 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another decline in Butter Is noted and deal
ers are offeri'ng freely at concessions, both for
local consumption and shipment. The lower
quotations have resulted In some business for
Los Angeles. Portland -and Puget Sound,
though the orders are small and scattering.
To-day's steamer for the north will take
about 700 cases of Eggs. The market con
tinues weak, with 22%c ruling for store and
24c for ranch, though the complete range In
prices remains as before. Stock* are liberal
and slowly Increasing and receipts continue
large.
There is nothing new In Cheese, the market
still being, excessively supplied and dull.
Receipts were 42,500 lbs » Butter, 1139 cast*
Eggs and 62,300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 25c
for extras. .24c for firsts and 22%@23c for
seconds; dairy, 18«T22c; store Butter, nominal;
cold storage, 21&22C for extras, 18@20c for
seconds and 16if.lSc for ladle-packed.
CHEESE— 10@llc for good to choice new
and 8@iic for lower, grades;- Young Americas,
ll1Tll%c; Eastern. 15<&16c; Western. 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 23%@25c; Btore, 22® 23c per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
As Is usually the case on Friday local trade
In fresh fruits was \ - ery quiet. There was
some little Inquiry for large Navels for ship
ment to Honolulu on the steamer Alameda. out
to-day, but otherwise the market was feature- :
lese. The open market for Oranges reflected
the conditions that have prevailed for the past
week and the auction sale passed off quietly
and attracted but little on the street.
A carload cf fancy Redlands and three cars of
. choice and standard Navels were sold as fol
lows: Fancy Redlands. $1 3592 35; choice.
75c@$l 25; standard. t>Oc<£f$l. Less than one
carload was sold to outsiders, the balance being
bought in by the managers of the auction. Some
poor quahly Tangerines In half Orange boxes
! were sold at 306t50c. The recent arrivals of
1 Mexican Limes were firmly held at higher
prices, but all other Citrus fruits were un
• changed.
< Extra fancy Apples were In comparatively
light supply and such offerings were firmly
held. The lower grades were plentiful and
wenk.
APPLES— $1 75@2 per box for extra fancy;
$1 25§1 50 for ordinary fancy, 85c©$l for
choice and 5O'g75c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage (re
packed). $2 50@3 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25U2
per box for fancy, 75c@$l 25 for choice and 50c
I 6$1 for standards; Seedlings. 50c@$l: Tan
1 gerines. 50c@$l 25 per box; Lemons, $1 754*;: 50
' for fancy, $1 25®1 50 for choice and 75c@$l for
, standard: Grape Fruit. $1 25C2 25; Mexican
Limes $606 50; Bananas. $1@2 per bunch- for
Hawaiian and $2ig'J 50 for Central American;
j Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
; Dried Fruits.Nuts f Raisitis J Honey
FRU1,T— Apricots. 7%(59%e for Royals and 9
@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 49
6V>c; sun-dried, 3®4c; Peaches. 5®6%c; Pears.
6@10c; Nectarines, 4@5%c; Figs, white. 4@4%c
In boxes; black, 4%c; Plums, pitted, 6§9c per
pound.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2%@2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association announces the
following new prices for 1904: Standard grades,
50-lb cases — 2-crown Loose Muscatels, 5%c per
lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4%e; Seedless floated. 4%c; T-crown
Malaga loose, 5c: 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
j Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4%c; Seedless
! Thompsons, unbleached. 5%<;. Layers, per 20
: lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
■ Dehesa clusters, $2 80; 4-crown fancy clusters
I $2: 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25, usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oar
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, pel
' package. ti%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
: choice 16-oas cartons, per lb. 7V»c; choice 12-os
I cartons, per package. 6%c: choice bulk car
j tons, per lb. 7VVc: 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons.
1 seeded Seedlings. Sfuscatels. per lb. 6%c: bulk,
seeded Seedlings Muscatels, per lb, 6%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%(814c:
No. 2, ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13©13Vic;
No. 2, 11©11%c;, Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c fcr I X L. 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Chest
nuts. 5i?J7c Per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10Sll%c for white and S%©
9%c for amber; water white extracted. &3J
5V»c: light amber extracted. 4%®4%c; dark.
3%«4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was higher on th^ day. The letter
of Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co. said: "Large
receipts of Hogs, selling by the packers and
: the bearish feeling among the small traders
1 are ineffectual against the outside specula-
I tors, who are as bullish as ever and keep
! on buying just the same."
This market continues 'quiet, and prices
show no further change.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lie per lb for
heavy, ll%c for light mediuxn, 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams. 12%@13c; Mess Beef, $10 60@!l per bbl;
extra Mess. $11 50®12: Family. $12 50«13:
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $24625:
Mers. $18; Dry Salted > Pork. 10%@llc: Pig
Pork. $27; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef. 14c
per lb:
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 0%c for.pure; half-barrels, pure,
I 10c; 10-lb tins. 10%c; S-Ib tins, 10%c; 3-lb
tins. 10% c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c: three
halX barrels. 9c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8%c: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There Is nothing further new In these mar
kets.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Vsiilc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c: medium, 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light: Stags. 6c:
Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal, 10c: Salted Calf.
10%c; dry Hides. 15@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18e: Sheepskins, shearlings. 2.V723Oc each;
short Wool. 40@65c each; medium. 70®90c; long
Wool, $1@1 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2©2 50 for medium. $1 25©1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts.. Horse Hide*, dry.
$1-75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c : dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c:
small. 20o.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per Ib; No.
2 3Uc: erease. 2%S?3c. - -
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs', 9O
lie: Middle County, ll«12c: Northern Defect
ive 9<810c: Nevada. 13Sl5c: Oregon, fine. 18®
19c: Oregon, medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25030c per lb for California. 1903.
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
The recent advance In quotations has led
to Increased receipts of Hogs, though they
are not yet heavy enough to affect prices. The
feeling is not as firm, however. The other
Meats remain unchanged.
, . DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : \ - .
BEEF— 8%67%o for Steers ind 6%08%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8@8c; small, 909«4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%©10c: Ewes. 9©9%c
PB LAMB— Fall. 10«nic: Spring, 15@Me.
PORK — Dressed Hers. 7e8*&c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The j following quotations are for good. sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8©9c; Cows and Heifers.
7©Sc: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES^ — 4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%05c; Ewes. 4%®4%c
perlb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 5@5%c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 110 to 200 lbs. 5H®5Hc;
over .200 lbs. 5%©5%c: soft Hogs. 4%c; Sows,
20 per cent /off; Boars, 50 per cent off, and
Stags, 40 per cent off from above quotations.
Family Retail Market.
Butter and Esgs are much cheaper this
week, and as stocks of both are plentiful low
prices are expected to rule for some time.
Fish. Meats and Poultry are In, good supply
and prices stand about the same as quoted
last week. The season for wild Ducks am!
Doves closed on the 15th and they are dropped
from the list. Seasonable/ kinds of Game ar«
selling at the same prices quoted last week.
The markets are slenderly supplied with
vegetables and several kinds are higher,
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$ — ©10 00[ New
Seattle $— ® 8 50; Wellington $—©10 0©
Roslyn $— @ 9 (X>l Wellington
Richmond .'..$— <& 9 30j Nut %—& S PO
Greta $— @ 9 CO; Coos Bay. . .$—@ 7 CO
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choree, sq. 50<g53 Cheese. S wlss .. . . 25<8.15
Do good 40® 43 Ranch Egg». ..27%?«O
Do packed, lb. — #25 Common Eggs... — ©23
Cheese. Cal 12*j®2C Honey, comb, lb.— #20
Cheese, Eastern. 20<g23 Do extracted., 8<gl0
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon 18923 Porlt Sausage. .12%015
Hams 1C<31S Smoked Beef.... — ®2O
Lard 12%® —
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective
Association gives the following retail price*
for meats.
Roast Beef 10@20| Hlndqtr Lamb..lS@20
Tenderloin Steak.l5®lSjForeqtr Mutton— ©124
Portrhse. do.l7%®22%' Leg Mutton — @15
Sirloin Steak.. 12%©15j Mutton Chops. .. .15020
Round Steak.. .1O®12*4 Mutton Stew... 8(S1O
Beef Stew — <pl0 Roast Veal 12S20
Corn Beef S©10 Veal Cutlets 15,«2O
Soup Bones.... .. 4© — Veal Stew 12HfH5
Soup Meat 5@10j Roast Pork... .12^13
Umb Chops — © 20 ! Pork Chops 13@1S
Foreqtr Lamb.l2%@15
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each CO®*)' Pigeons, pair. . . — 050
Young Roosters, | Squabs per pair. — ig6O
each 75c@|l! Rabbits, each 2C@'J5
Old Roosters, ea.5fi®B5 [ Hare. each..... — <g2»
Fryers, each — @75; English Snipe. da.Jl CO
Broilers, each. . .50<QfS.V Jack Snipe, doz..*- ."l>
Turkeys, per lb.2Cfi2" Gray Geese, each. 40^30
Ducks, each.... 75c$$l; White Geese. ea.l5<S23
Geese, each. .—@*1 CO Brant, each 2O'S3.V.
'Goslings -*2 00i Honkers, each...40(g^5
FRUITS AND NUTS —
AUigtr Peara. ea.20«35! Dried Figs lb. . «®1O
Almonds 15*820; Grape Fruit. d*.75cft$l
Apples 59 SLItnM. doz 10(315
Cranberries, qt.. — ®25 , Lemons, doz '.lSa-IO
Pecans — <S20 | Oranges, .doz. .. .2C35O
Brazil N'uta 2f'P— Pears, per lb..— ffiZ*~
Bananas, doz 23(340 Pineapples, ea.. ,25^350
Chestnuts 15iff2oi Tangerines, doz . . ISft'.'O
Cocoanuts. each. — ©101 Walnuts, per lb. 15&20
VEGETABLES —
Artichokes.* dzC0<8$l 25: Onions, per ll>. .303%
Beets, dozen., ...10-S — ; Okra. dried lb.,.20® —
Beans, white, lb. 5fi — i Potatoes, lb l^i'SS'-i
Colored per lb 5© — Parsnips per dz. 15020
Dried Lima, lb..— a 6 Radishes, dz bch. 15<S20
Cabbage, each... 5<01O Sage, dz bnch>».23$$ —
Qelery. head ."'nlO String Beans, lb. — 4J23
Cress, dz bunch.15^1 — Summer Squash.
Cucumbers each.lOtfSO per lb XOfiViVt
Garlic 10>812<A Sprouts per lb.. 5<Q 6
Green Peppers.lb.4«)*iC0 Spinach, per lb. t&if 3
Dried Peppers. ..10^20 Sweet Potatoes,
Egg Plant, lb. ..— <S2."> per lb — © T
Green Peas, lb.12%^15 Thyme, dz bnch3£5<aOO
Lettuce, per doz.l."<R30 Turnips per doz. — #il."
Leeks, dz bunch. 15tfi20 Tomatoes, lb... 12^4^13
Mushrooms. lb.-.15<S20'
FISH—
Barracouta — S13I Rockcnd — f?15
Carp loai2U] sra Ba^s — *?15
Catfish — @ 12*5. P melts — frlS
Codflsh ..' — «12%; Soles 10«U>
! Flounders lOtf?— Skates, each 10@I5
Halibut ir>(f? — Pqui.! — «—
1 Herring SSIO. Tomcod 12Uf?r—
Mackerel —<d — Turbot 20<3>—
Do horse \"((l — Trout — <H —
Rockfish — '512S: Brook Trout.... — fl —
Salmon, fresh.. .13«20 Whlteflsh 10ff? —
Do smoked 15«23 Clams gallon. . .60<f? —
Sardines 1OS— ; Do hardshell.lb 8tf?10
| Shrimps — *J10 Crawfish, lb —fi-15
! Shad 10®—: Crabs, each I.'.tfr25
j Striped Bass 1.V520J Mussels lb 12ii<f?lS.
Perch I0<S — } Oysters. Cal. 100.40ffl3O
Fomplno — @$1 50' Do Eastern. dz.3O@4O
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5%t?5-%e spot and 5%o
June- July: San Quentln. 5.53c; Wool Bags.
32@S5c: Fleece Twine. 7 J 4'9Sc.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, $8 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coo»
Bay. $5 50: Greta, $7;.Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 23 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Esg.
$14; "Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke, $11 50^
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are fcr barrels; for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10<gl 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42e fcr raw; China Nut. 6O^70c per gallop;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 80c: natural winter »perm Oil. 73c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whalo
Oil, 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 85c;
No 1 Lard OH, 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil, 75c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil.
45c: dark Herring Oil. 43e: Salmon Oil. 3.8c:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
15c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 2H$c: Astral. 21%c:
Star, 21Vjc: Extra Star. 25»^c: Elaine. 27%c:
Eocene. 24 %c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 16c, In cases. 22Uc: Benzine, In bulls,
13e: In cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE^ — 88c per gallon In cases and
82c In drums and Iron barrels.'
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. GU.&
7c per lb: White Lead. 6%^7c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Ffne Crushed. 5.55c:
Powdered. 5.40c: Candy Granulated. 5. 10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.30c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.30c: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Oranulated
flOO-lb bags only). 5.10c: Confectioners' A.
5.30c: Magnolia A. 4.00c: Extra C. 4.80c: GoMr-;
C. 4.70c: "D." 4.60c: barrels. 10c more: hal'
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: RO-lb bars.
10- more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
B.POc; boxes. 6.05c; H. A E. Crystal Dominc*.
8.30c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 19.
Flour qr sks .. 5.607 Sugar, ctls ... l,f>0O
Barley ctls 3.1«2 Tallow, ctls-.. 227
Corn. East ctls 500 j Hides. No. ..^. 2St
Beans sks 2.6(2>| Pelts. No 4!>5
Potatoes, sks . . 1.3K1 1 Leather, rolls . . «rt
Onion* sks ... 45|Wine. gals .... 71. BOO
Bran 'sks 520| Rrandy. gals .. 3.0W
Screenings, sks. 20O: Chicory, bbls .. 4".
Feed sks 22 j Lime bbls 317
Middlings, sk/i.. 60; Quicksilver, flks 4rt
Hay, tons CC1' Raisins, bxs .. 1,000
WASHINGTON.
Barley, ctls ... 2281 Oats, ctls 03
STOCK MARKET.
"All Classes of Stocks Quiet and
On the Stock and Bond Exchange • Spring
Valley water was higher at $3S 75^.TO 50. and
Gas ard Electric higher at $57 504J5S. Busi
ness) continued dull. The oil stocks were still
quiet.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 25 cents per share, payable Febru
ary 25. -• ' • ; .' j'J
STOCK ANT) BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Feb. 19—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 — 4s qr cp newl32V4133J|
4s pr reg... — — 3s qr coup. .106U10JB
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A "W 5s. — — .- O T Co Cs. — 119>4
Bay CPC 5s.l0a%104% Do 5s 109 —
Cal G & 5s. — 104% Do con 5s. — 103Vi
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 104 Om Cable «5s. — 12-1
Cal-st C 5s.ll4 — Pac G Im 4s. 94 99
C C Wat 5s.lOO — P E Ry 58.105% —
Ed Ii & P 6s.l25 131 P & C H 6s. 103 —
F & C H 6s. — 120 P & O R 6s.llfl. , —
Geary-st 5s.. 45% 90 Powell-st «?».112% —
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — Sac EG&RSs 9S .
Do 5s .... — 10O SF & SJVSs.llSH —
Hon R T 68.106 — Sierra R 6s.lU%H2H
L A Elec 5s. — 1O»H S P of A Cs
L A Ry 5s. — 113%| U009) ....105% —
L A L Co 6s. — — t (1910) ....106% — -
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C «s
Do gtd 5s.l03%10R% <l»03)Sr A.104% —
LAP lem 58.100^102% (19C5)Sr B.105 . —
Mkt-st C es.116% — (10CO 10«Ti —
Do lcro 5s. — — (1912) IIS ..;„•—
MV& MtT5s. — 112 SPC I eg 5s. — —
NRR of C6s.l06%107% Do stmpd.108% —
Do 5s — 119 S P E R Bs.134 —
N P C R 5s.lO3 105% S V W «s.107% —
N C Ry 5s. — 114 Do 43 2dm. — 1CO%
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 99 9«%,
N S R R 5s. — 10O»i Stkn GAEfls. — 100
O G L&H Ss.108 — U G & E Ss.105 —
O W gtd 5s. — 09
WATER STOCKS. *
Contra Costa 39 41 (Port Costa.*. — —
Marls Co... — 63 IS V W Co. 39% 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. — 4|SFG&E. 57% 58
Mutual EL— 12 Stkn G & E 5 • —
Pac L Co. . . 53 — I U G & E. — 8T
Continued on Pane Fourteen.
1516
AjDVEBTISEMENTCS.
i' j&B&Z&SiMgi Ss £P* *r& &*** ITU
\ /ircfiiiilii j%jri^z cjA^jija,
W£& j^y**aS|fi6f 'M*b*e^*^^ iL-* j.^_< h v?w
Eyij^S^IJj'v^' cheviot, sleeves trimmed
Tg^^^BS^ff^^ and gilt buttons; double-
I ™ breasted, three large gilt
e^^^^^-^^S buttons down each side.
>^^^^L^^ FTFTV
J*w ***®a*i> »3JLj V JLili™!. JLJL J. 1
/^ To-day only. Boys' two-piece n jfa£\
SATURDAY suits. Mixed cheviots. All *fk\ {jtj
SPECIAL WoqI - A & es 8 to l6 y ears * • • • Hr *^ * >#
OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL TEN
MILL TO MAN
S16SI8 PIABKET ST-wtennY
I THE ROCKIES I
„] Between the Rocky Mountains and the Great Lakes the Burling- Kl
| r | ton reaches. 1,400 towns tnd cities. It is not the best line to and p|
; from all of them, but it Is the best line from Denver to Omaha, ||
||| Kansas Ci:y, St. Louis and Chicago. In fact, the Burlington is the WL
f?J only railroad running its own trains over its own rails all the way from 8|
I 1 Denver to St. Louis and Chicago. jgj
l\ j There are many advantages of making your eastern trip via Kg
W% Denver. The Burlington Overland Excursions leave California on &|
certain days every week, going thro' without change in Pullman P§i
j :| tourist cars via Salt Lake City and Denver, passing the grand Rocky , ||
|//j Mountain scenery by daylight. |3
t I No other way is safer or more interesting, comfortable and Kg]
j economical. A postal card request, giving the name of the point you B|
I" I wish to reach, will bring you just the information you want. |%j
I 1 General Agent Burlington Route. »3
j "j 907 Telephone, Main 1188. 63 1 Market St., SAN FRANCISOO. fc^
IX)S ANGELES BREWERS
FILE THEIR PROTEST
Mnier & Zobelein Will Appeal to the
Board of General Appraisers
at Xcw York.
The Maier & Zobelein Brewing
Company of Los Angeles filed a pro
test yesterday with Customs Collector
Stratton against the assessment of
2 cents a pound duty on a
consignment of rice which arrived in
Ean Francisco on the Korea January
25. The rice was seized at. Los An
geles a'nd held for the payment of
$156S 20 duties, which the Appraiser
at this port found should have been
paid, instead of $205. which was paid
by the importer. This latter sum rep
resents the duty of one-quarter of a
cent per pound on broken rice, where
as . the Appraiser decided that the
groods were of higher grade than that
given and that the duty was 2 cents
per pound, ./v \
J. L..BJey of C. D. Bunker & Co.
states that the rate of duty at which
the rice was purchased was given to
Maier & Zobelein as being a quarter
of a cent a pound and that they were
entirely in ignorance of the fact that
they would be compelled to pay 2
cents per pound.
The detained rice at Los Angeles
. I 1 -- release <J upon the payment of
$1363 20, the balance due. The con
signee* will appeal to the board of
general appraisers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wirpios
»p HE TVEBER SMALL -UPRIGHT IS ONE
of the most remarkable pianos that has
ex-en been produced 'by'any maker.
The scale of this piano was drawn'by that
preatest of tone-esperts. Albert Weber, aad Its
remarkable' power, ricbaeta and purity of tone
have won tor It universal ,comnaendatlon from
»uece»slve generations of music-lovers.
It t» . an iiieal lnstroment. for those desiring;
a piano of unureal musical 'qualities, occupy-
ing tut a minimum of epace, "
itlchty encaeed In the various choice woodi
Price. »E50.'. ' '
Purchasable by moderate paymeati when de-
tired. .
See our barcaia Usf of. SECXJXD HAND
linnet for to-day:
One llemme & Long. $150.00.
Bhoniager, 100.
Sherman, Clay A Co.. $100.00
V/heelock. f^SJO.OO.
Krell. $230.
Kimball. f 175. 00. .
Weber. $225.00. •' /{"v
8everal cquare pianos from $25 to $100. amona-
which are a Etelnway aad Weber in flne coa-
<Ii:icn.
A brand new piano In burl walnut, mahogany
or oak caec. with mandolin and zither attach-
ment. 3 strlnffs to note. 3 pedals and double
repeating action for $185.00. This piano has
been sold In this city for as much as $350.00.
CLARK WISE & CO.
126 GEARY STREET
Weber Agency.
INSANITY PLEA
WILL BE MADE
Alexander B. Garnett's At
torney Indicates Part of the
Defense on -Murder Charge
It was apparent from a remark made
by W. D. Grady in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday that when the trial of
Alexander B. Garnett, charged with the
murder of Major J. M. McClung, takes
place an attempt will be made to show
that the defendant was temporarily in
sane at the time of the shooting and
that insanity has existed in his family.
This Is the inference from the class, of
depositions desired by the defense.
The defendant was In court yesterday
to plead, but Grady filed a demurrer to
the information on the same grounds
as on his motion to dismiss, which was
denied on Thursday. The Judge over
ruled the demurrer and the defendant
pleaded not guilty.
Grady asked that the trial be post
poned for sixty days to enable him to
get the deposition of Mrs. Elizabeth
Hitchcock-Coit, who is said to be in
Paris.
"Why, you told us a few days ago,"
Interrupted Assistant District Attorney
Ferral. "that she was in New York.
Now you say she is in Paris, and I sup
pose the next time you will say she Is
in St. Petersburg."
The Judge said he was willing to
grant a reasonable continuance, but he
thought sixty days was too long.
"Well, your Honor," said* Grady, "it Is
essential to the defendant that Mrs.
Colt's deposition. should be taken. Be
sides I desire depositions from persons
In Colorado Springs, Colo., In Arizona
and In West Virginia who have known
the defendant and his family, and that
will take time."
The Judge set the case for trial on
March 21, to which Grady took an ex
ception, and Intimated that meantime
he would renew his motion for the tak
ing of Mrs. Colt's deposition and the
other depositions.
Warrant for Edward Magnus.
Dr. Dudley Tait, secretary of the
State Board of Medical Examiners, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Ca
baplss yesterday for the arrest of Ed
ward Magnus, who holds a Job under
the Board of Health, for practicing
medicine -without a license. Dr. Tait
said that Magnus had twice failed to
pass the necessary examination.
Burglars to Be Sentenced.
Judge Lawlor yesterday denied the
motion for a new trial in the case of
Edward Yarrow and Clifford Meldrum,
convicted of burglary, and set next
Wednesday for sentence. They enter
ed the room of George Olson in a lodg
ing-house at 310 Montgomery avenue
on the mornins of April 6 last.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1904.
DOCTORS GIVE
THEIR OPINION
Testify at Trial of Edmond de
Labrousse, Charged With the
Murder of Miss Marie Jordan
EVIDENCE IN REBUTTAL
District Attorney Byington's
Witnesses Tell of Accused's
Sanity Prior to the Murder
The trial of Edmond de Labrousse
for the murder of Miss Marie Jordan
was resumed In Sup^lor- Judge
Dunne's court yesterday morning.
Mrs. Vlctorlne de Labrousse, mother
of the prisoner, was the first witness of
the day and was re-examined as to her
son's mental condition on the day. and
subsequent to the commission of the
murder. Mrs. De Labrousse said she
remained in the hospital witfi [ him
dally from 6 o'clock in the morning
until midnight, but she could get no
answers from him until the day of the
funeral of Miss Jordan, when, at a re
mark by her daughter about the
burial, he "started," and when told in
reply to his inquiry that it was Miss
Jordan's funeral -they had discussed-,
he fainted. \
In answer to District Attorney By
ington, .witness . admitted that her son
said "My God!" when he realized it
was Miss Jordan that had been buried.
SAYS HE WAS INSANE.*
Dr. Canac-Marquis, late of the
French Hospital, was called by Attor
ney Roche to answer a hypothetical
question, which took the form of a
history of the prisoner's life from 2
years of age up to the time he took
Miss Jordan's life.
Dr. Canac-Marquls in replying to
the question said:- "He was madly in
sane."
-District Attorney Byington cross-ex
amined Dr. Canac-Marquis, who said
if a man were sane before the commis
sion of a crime and b'ecame uncon
scious as a result of a self-inflicted
shot he would be conscious of his act
on regaining consciousness and would
speak of it, but if such circumstances
surrounded, the act of an insane man
he would'-fiot h£ cognizant of the act
for which he was responsible, nor
would he speak of it on regaining con
sciousness.
Dr. Canac-Marquis admitted that
the hypothetical question was put to
him at his house the previous night
by the prisoner's counsel, Mr. Roche,
arid he then concluded that De La
brousse was "madly insane." Dr.
Canac-Marquis gave it as his opinion
that because he was madly insane the
prisoner did not know he shot his
sweetheart.
BYIXGTOX'S RETORT.
District Attorney Byington remarked
here that the prisoner took particular
pains to shoot his sweetheart first be
fore turning the revolver on himself.
Dr. Clarence D. Potter testified to
having performed an operation on De
Labrousse for appendicitis, though wit
neBs said he was not afflicted with the
ailment. In reply to District Attor
ney Byington, Dr. Potter admitted that
De Labrousse tola him he had had at
tacks of appendicitis.
Attorney Roche then recalled Dr. Ed
win Bunnell, to whom he put the same
hypothetical question as asked Dr. Car
nac-Marquis.
Dr. Bunnell said in his opinion the
subject of the question would be insane
and could not distinguish between right
from wrong nor appreciate the char
acter of his act.
The District Attorney put the follow
ing question to the witness:
"If a person remains in his room up
to 11 o'clock and writes letters of his
intention to commit suicide and then
goes out to meet a lady within a few
minutes of a certain time he knows
she will be at a corner and he walks
along and takes her arm and she re
fuses him, and he fires three shots at
her, killing her. then twice turns the
pistol on himself and It doesn't go off;
then he looks into the L^rrel, dis
cl/arges another shot toward the
ground and then another at his own
head, would such a person be Insane?"
Dr. Bunnell replied: "I believe he
became dangerously insane when he
fired the shot. I don't believe he knew
what he was doing."
SURE HE WAS RATIONAL.
The District Attorney then called wit
nes^ in rebuttal. >
J. G. Eagleson, by whom the pris
oner was employed for three months
the beginning of 1903. swore that De
Labrousse was rational, though easily
excited. W. T. Gardner, a salesman;
H. J. Webster and R. J. Alexander
spoke of the rational mental condition
of De Labrousse while in the employ
of Eagleson and as to his doing his*
duty satisfactorily. •
M. J. Smith said that between July
and August last the prisoner's conduct
and speech were "very rational." Os
car Wolf, gents' furnishing goods, said
he employed De Labrousse from July
till August, 1903. . He found his con
duct" and talk rational and he per
formed his duties satisfactorily.
John T. Gibson said the prisoner was
in his employ the Saturday night pre
ceding the shooting of Miss Marie Jor
dan, and his conduct was then rational.'
Gibson said he considered De Labrousse
one of the best clerks he ever had.
P. B.- Bennett, 1027 Larkln street,
knew De Labrousse five years. He was
at witness' house about September 10
and remained there three hours. His
conduct was "very jovial" and he en-
Joyed himself and passed a very pleas
ant evening. His' conversation and con
duct were rational. ■
At this point the hearing was. con
tinued until Tuesday morning.
Washington's Birthday at Del 3Iontc.
A special rate of $10 to Del , Monte and
return. Including board at the hotel. leaving
city Saturday and returning Monday; to those
wishing ttf" go earlier a special rate of $1 50
for' round trip, not Including hotel charges.
Pony and polo "racing, cavalry rough riding.
A grand holiday. Inquire 013 Market st. or
Southern Pacific agents for details. ■ •
Visitor Loses Ills Money.
John Teitschuil, a visitor from Iron
Mountain, went into' a show at 1106
Dupont street yesterday and was in
troduced to a ninepin game. He soon
parted with $35 and notified the po
lice. Detectives Ryan and Taylor ar
rested ■ Charles Gagus, Joseph Burns
and Harry Roberts and booked them
at the City Prison on a charge of petty
larceny by trick and device.
Exposition Special.
One of our $6.00 Trunka wlll'be Just
the thing to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is $9.60. A. B. Smith Co.. 132
Ellis st - •
Centennial Exhibition in Portland.
Henry E. Reid has asked the Su
pervisors to plan for a municipal ex
hibit at the Lewis and Clark' Centen
nial Exhibition to be held in Portland
in 1905. . ) ■ . -
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles. Never fails to win ■ friends.
Used .for Infant • and . adult.; Murine
doesn't smart. It soothes and cures. 1 ;*
SECRET BRIDE
LEAVES HOME
Miss Alice Thompson Quietly
3Iarries t • Frederick Kuhl and
Her Parents Become Angry
GROOM OF NOBLE BLOOD
Bride Is a Niece of the Cele
brated Colonel Arthur Lynch,
a Boer War Veteran of Note
Pretty Alice Thompson, daughter of
Captain and Mrs. W. J. Thompson. of
this city and descendant of illustrious
ancestry, has fallowed the advice of
Emerson, who sdys, "Give all to love
friends, kindred, dogs," for she is now
Mrs. Frederick Kuhl, this despite the
absence of parental blessings. '
Miss Thompson married the man of
her choice on February 1, though it is
whispered that a man with a longer
purse appeared on the scene and that
he would have been more to the liking
of the young woman's parents. How
ever, it is possible that the fact that
the wedding, took place without bans
or other publicity may have had a
stronger influence than anything else
in, determining Captain and Mrs.
Thompson to invite their daughter to
forsake the parental roof-tree for the
house of Kuhl. Whether the . secret
marriage or the defiance of their
wishes moved the parents is not
known, but for some reason Mrs. Kuhl
was invited to forsake the home of her
childhood and join her husband.
It ]»■ said that the romance which
thus culminated in a secret wedding
began three years ago and at the out
set Mr. Kuhl was a welcome guest at
the Thompson household, and that it
was the accepted plan to have a home
wedding on December 6.
• Shortly prior to that date, however,
the Thompson friendship for the pros
pective groom began to cool and when
he was finally forbidden the house
knowing ones whispered of another
suitor, who had "money to burn," -and
whose wealth and station made him a
desirable "partner for the daughter of
the house. Then it was that Mr. Kuhl
and his fair intended decided to shape
their own destiny, so on February 1
they fled to San Mateo and were
secretly married by Rev. Father Calla
han. •%-■■; i.
Mr. Kuhl is a native of Berlin and is
the descendant of a noble family,, his
father, the late Carl Kuhl. having
served on the German Emperor's staff
for forty-three years. He is an engi
neer and electrician and is also a fine
linguist. Until quite recently he was
a member of the Engineers' Division
of. the Naval "Reserve.
Mrs. Kuhl is a niece of the cele
brated Colonel Arthur Lynch, ex-mem
ber of Parliament, who served in the
Boer army during the Boer war, and,
being later accused of treason and cast
into prison, was released through the
intervention, of Sir Thomas Lipton.
Besides being witty and personally
charming, Mrs. Kuhl Is accomplished
musically, her talent in that line
amounting almost to genius.
Mr. and Mrs. Kuhl are staying for
the present with his sister, Mrs. Benno
Hlrsch.
Hotel 'St. Francis.
The Hotel St. Francis, on Union Square, is now
receiving the finishing touches at the hands of
an army of decorators, furnishers and mechan
ics, and every effort is being put forth to have
it ready for opening early in March. All ele
vators and staircases have been Klven over to
the use of workmen, and the management has
been compelled to announce to all who have al
ready st-cured apartments, as well as to the
public, that for the ensuing ten days the hotel
will not be open for inspection. •
Serjeants Arc Chnnffcd.
By order of Chief Wittman Sergeant
Herbert J. Wright took charge of the
License Office at the Hall of Justice
yesterday, succeeding Sergeant John T.
Green, who will take Wright's former
position in charge of the pay roll and
sick members of the department.
Green was transferred from the Prop
erty Clerk's office to the License Office
when Sergeant Gleeson was promoted
tobe a lieutenant In June, 1902.
MARKS BROS.
WE'KE INTRODUCING 1904 STYLES
IN WOMEN'S WEARING APPAREL AT
MARKS BROS.'
CLOSED ALL DAY MONDAY. HOME OF HONEST VALUES,
Open To-Night Until 10 O'Chck. 1220-22-24^ MARKET STREET
KNIT UNDERWEAR SPECIALS BIG VALUES IN HOSIERY
At'lQn FLEECE-LINED ,/CNIT VESTS, 1Qt~ 1or CHILDREN'S RIB-
li7L in Ecru. Regular price 25c. ' -*2 G BED HOSE. 20c quality.
At ?T/» Extra Heavy FLEECE-LINED . _ A u/nuru's are i/ncr >*«//
50c LT "• '" miUaUl '""■ J8 °££° ™/£-Je?,%%'c.
At d^r EGrp Tl AN COTTOf/ VESTS. nc n for WOMEN'S LACE HOSE, as-
rfJ L m White, Cream and Cray. £*Jl* sorted patterns. 35c quality.
Sold elsewhere for 65c. ' "
At 7 /T r WOMEN'S IMPORTED LISLE J8 C nrn^^Lifl^L"^
At 'OC AND WOOL MIXED VESTS. . BED HOSE, double heel, toe and
high neck, short slesves. Worth $1. knee - Worth 25c.
At' Qinn WOMEN'S SILK and WOOL QE~for WOMEN'S LISLE LACE
"'■VI.UU utxED VESTS, in Pink, OO C HOSE, hermsdorf dye. A good
Blue and White. $1.25 quality. . 50c quality.
LOOK OUT FOR THESE BIG BARGAINS
BELTS I CORSETS— Big Reductions I VEILINGS— 1904 Styles
Newest stves 5 Z°J or J ap i \5c for Chiffon Drape
NewestSty.es Girdles, in Pink and u a ;u n£ un »J»
2'C for Fancy Silk Blue. $1.00 values. Veils > l^J^ 5
Belts, ox.dized buckles. Sl.00 for R. & G. Cor- long, all colors.
, 25c for Crushed Leath- set f' ma . de °.f ■ r " ae } 25C for Made Net
P^imm Wmmm ™- VA yards
n^t!^i^ct snk m0^mWM"oBM
I8c for Shaped and ner's Erect Form Cor- Veilj, dotted body
Plain Patent Leather sets, double side steels. - and border. 7/2
Belts. A gcod S2.00 quality. yards long.
1904 DBS.GNS IN POINT VENISE LACE COLLARS
$1.00 COLLARS- Special to-day... 75c $2.50 COLLARS- Special to-day .$2.00
$1.50 COLLARS- Special to-day $1.00 $3.25 COLLARS -Special to-day $2.50
$2.00 COLLARS— Special (o-day. $1.50 $4.00 COLLARS -Special to-day. $3,00
BIG BARGAINS IN AUTOMOBILE BAGS at the popular prices of 50c. 75c. $1.00 and
$1.25. Your choice in all tke leading shades.
S Brilliant Ribbons for Early Spring
50c FIFTH AVENUE BOW. as pictured, sells at 0r-
MARKS BROS. ' for. ......... ........ .' f p 0
A* "tflfx TAFFETA RIBBON, cord edge. 3% inches
Ml tU%, wide. 15c quality.
At 10 1 n TAFFETA WASH RIBBON, 4 inches wide.
2 Ml I £. 20 20c valu<i.
A* 1tZn LUSTER TAFFETA RIBBON, 4}4 inches wide,
Ml IOC : W ortti 25c.
At O^n SAT f N TAFFETA RIBBON, 5 inches wide.
Ml £. Oi> 35c value.
l_APrQ A look at our LACE DEPARTMENT makes you want to try the r
™**^V effect on your Grettfcst Spring Costumes. ""
HAIiE'S. | — • ' HAIiE'S.- --ii- ~ \~-] - '■■;- gA^E'fl.
, Hale's Will Be Closed Monday, Washington's Birthday. N ..
' Hale's Have Sale of
Girls' Coats, DressesTo=Day
$1.25 Fancy Dresses nozug^c. $5.00 Three-quarter Coats are $3-75-
$1.95 Dresses now $1.50. $6.75 ones now $5.00.
Mothers will relish this opportunity. ■ It's not one to hesitate over— particularly you mothers
who are. familiar with the character of the garments we sell. Such garments and such economy are
not long in each other's company.
COATS $3!05 NOW; regular prlc« $5.00; % length, of a fin. quality DRESSES 05c NOW; regular Prt<-« 91.^1 «f f *? c ?. f^med^wiui
of light weight kersey to button in double-breasted style; collar reveres, cuffs, yoke and belt of caahmer* to matcU. tnmmw wju*
and pocket flaps Inlaid with -velvet; turn-back cuffs, notch collar; soutache braid; lined throughout.
COATii^NOwTreguUr price $*.75; « Ungth, of all woo. l!*t S^, S^^^^
Zr^Vtt^^^^^^ D r.^ e d.Tro fl nVw a^tn^e^n^ f .nTn^nd e rt bbon.
turn-back cuffs Inlaid with velvet; large sleeves, loosa box back; DRESSES $2.50 NOW; cashmere: tucked yoke, ruffle* iron* •*>»
blues and castors. :<>.-*:: ' back; trimmed with silk braid; fancy buttons.
== ( Automobile ~~~
S^^Hl -75c Lace Stockings 50c
"■~"~"^~"" > "™""^™ 1 ~" 1 ~ with hem- -
stitched borders, tucked ends with ■
chenille dots in center, are the clever- coc La-Ce Stockings 35c. 1 .
est; 3 yards long, $2.00; black, white, . ~ r . . Jz. , . J - • : ■ -^ ■
royal and brown. 5<* Gmuse Lisle Stockings 35c.
Others^ with shirred ends, dotted . 50c Lace Lisle Stockings 29c {new zigzag patterns). \
CC Then the 5 re' are any number of That's the most stirring stocking news we have had ; not
fancy ideas in chiffons with striped certain sizes or a few styles, but plenty and in great variety, r^ot
borders or hemstitched borders; some . a pair that has any excuse in itself for being under price.; "
M ?ibbon tit b" n d?rs Oth Th e gjgggj S %* : «™ for the new styles ; first time for such values. •
M l?« i?'l C 5 l Orcd 1|1 Soc, 75 c, ?,oo. jp=Zrj^ Just in-no two I
Liberty silk effects with heavy bor- O1IN . Plenty; double tip- g^ted to-day a » k C-
ders, $1.00. New grenadines with Gloves ped ones that wear so inthenczv Such a variety,
fancy striped borders in two color '■-- --•-- j d j k SQ t u T _,,' _ H such beauty. They're
combinations, soc each. ., ... I ° „. , .. J . 1 ailOrCG .„.„ r«- ...I^t
Newc drop veils are fashionable, ish ; "Amsterdam" they re called ; . hats for P^sent
They come in Tuxedo meshes with in women's and misses' sizes. natS wearing, all of hand-
chenille dotted borders, 75c, $1.00; sewn braids; many oF
$100 ?iT' an col ° rcd two " tone effects ' ====== Toilet water? them have a touch of gold. $275
Shaded chiffon effects in three tone To-Day's Here's Violet and $3.25.
combinations — pink shaded to red, foil^t Helrm Blanc, lasting
tans to browns lavender to purple, lu " ctuu ' ;; ' and refreshing, ===== Sam -
light blue to royal, Nile Rreen to rayr- ==^==^=!=5 V-— ° M*»ri»c Kt\r 7^r « •
tie; the borders are hemstitched, with „,. tt A f5C £j^^ S 5UC, 75C p l es .
large chenille dots. $1.50. • Witch Hazel? A large bottle, pure Suspenders 25C , One and
— distilled, 15c. ' — . r
===== New spring gar- Cold Cream? None better than Hud- .... , , ?. .
Women's tnents, pretty pinks, nut's, large jars, 50c. kind and any number of kinds;
Vests anc * b ' ues * I2 -^' J? w Toilet Ammonia? Full bottles, full heavy and light-weight elastic
" necked. Richelieu rib- strength, 15c. webbings stronor hnrklp*; o-pnuinc
== bed, trimmed with silk Toilet Soap? Dr. Oliver's famous A wSu it enUme -
stitching and tape; a few plain, white skin soap, 3 cakes 18c. canskin ends. U ltn them are a
ones with lace trimming, 1214c. While you are at the drug counter few police and firemen s braces.
Others a bit plainer, 10c. to-day ask for As a whole it's a rare chance to
wiurha S nd%r P o^e y ted^ e V ele f d r wlS Wj* Sample Face Powder. buy a good pair of suspenders
linen lace. Felton's Gossamer face powder. tor little money.
San Francisco's Busiest &^j^ jgi$y fs. . Her Ladyship Is the
Market Street, Near Mffl /**ff^ Get It at Hale's.
Sixth. \ -^iZ^jGOtUh fitHttnA^ 1^ New Models.-
SAYS THAT HE IS BEING
OVERCHARGED FOR WATER
Consumer Complains to Board of Su
pervisors of Tactics of the Spring
Valley AVater Company.
H. Jenkins filed a complaint^ with
the Supervisors yesterday to the ef
fect that the Soring Valley Water
Company is making him pay over
charges on water supplied to his
house on' Natoma street. Jenkins
says he gets a notice every two weeks
to pay from $14 to * 25 for water,
whereas the regular charge hag been
$6 35. -The company afterward set
tles the excess charge of $5, which
Jenkins has been paying monthly.
Jenkins concludes by saying:
"It is pretty hard to be robbed. in
this way and because I refused to pay
the extra charge last month the com
pany threatens to shut the water off."
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 10. — At a mass meeting
of labor unions held here .last night it was
decided to r>ut a ticket in the field at the
coming citv election. .
THINKS SPEAR
WAS NOT FAIR
Attorney Treadwell Says Har
bor Commissioner Used His
PJace to Help Brother-in-Law
The application of Foster & Orear
for -an injunction restraining the
Board of Harbor Commissioners from
taking from them the news stand
privilege in the ferry building and
giving It to James Roney, brother-in
law of Harbor Commissioner Spear,
was taken under submission by Judge
Seawell yesterday after an argument
of several hours. Pending his deci
sion the temporary injunction issued
the day the complaint was filed will
remain in effect.
Attorney Treadwell appeared on be
half of the firm and Attorney Bert
Schlesinger appeared for Rooney.
Attorney Davis represented the board.
Treadwell's argument consisted main
ly of an attack on Spear, enlarging
that he had deliberately used his po
sition to favor Rooney, thus making
it impossible for his clients to secure
an even chance. He also charged
that in awarding the privilege the
board had completely overlooked the
right of the plaintiffs to enter into
competition and had refused to ac
cept the bid of $1500 made by Foster
& Orear. The board awarded the priv
ilege to Rooney for Sll'SO. informing
t,he plaintiffs that their bid of $1500
had arrived too late for consideration.
Schlesinger, in answer, contended
that the Commissioners were acting
within their rights in awarding the
privilege to Rooney. They have a
perfect right, he said, to give the priv
ilege to whom they see fit, and there
is no law to compel them to seek
competitive bids.
"It was a good thing for the, State,"
he said, "that Harbor Commissioner
Spear has a brother-in-law. Other
wise California would \be out a consid
erable amount every month. It was
only when Rooney had been given the
privilege that the State learned the
real value." -^ ' •
Continuing, Schlesinger said that
the equities in the matter justified the
action of the board and that the plain
tiffs had no right at this time to ques
tion its acts.
"The plaintiffs." he said, "were just
a little bit too slow with their appeal
to the court. They should have ap
plied for an injunction when the mat
ter was before the board and not
after the award had been made."
Both sides submitted numerous au
thorities in support of their conten
tions.
Tells of the Irish.
J. W. Lundy gave' an interesting lec
ture on "Ireland and the Irish" be
fore a large audience at the Alham
bra Theater last evening.
The lecture, which makes the 169th
given by Mr. Lundy, was illustrated
by a good collection of stereopticon
slides that were greatly appreciated
by his audience, the majority of whom
were Irish.
The lecture was given under the
auspices of the California Camera
Club.
Declines . to Work.
Officer Young of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children ar
rested John Johnson of 27 Lafayette
street yesterday for fulling to properly
provide for his wife and children. The
family was very destitute and John
son declined to work. "When the
father was taken to Jail one little one
was dangerously ill and two others
were ailing.
Your persistent, annoying cough will disap
pear if you use Piso"s Cure. l'3c •
SATURDAY— MQHDAT— TUESDR
BXTTTEB, Extra Choica...3 ■nuarea 81
(Good for the table.)
EGGS, Presh Selected a doses 33c
STJOAB, Best Cams 30 lbs. Sl.OO
With an order,
nous. Port Costs Back S1.2O
Including calendar.' ';/* i
SALMON BEI.U23 .6 for 23c
CKEAM, Poppy Brand 3 cans 25c
COPPEE, Best Mocha and Java..M>. 25c
CHE2EE, Eastern Cream. ... .3 lbs. Hoc
COCOA, Xtowney's, reg*. 25c can 20c
C.O.D. GROCERY CO. inc.
JOHX ROBINSON. President.
313 OTarrcll St, Near Mason
Telephone Tolsom 318.
I Dollar 1
In • / f\ -*- ea9 f
i Premium /L 1 1 coffees t
:| Free "". spices |
I with bach w^-^u n * I
1 Worth Powder I
1 fgk^ They are Beauties £
1 !3*fiiA A thousand kind s j& I
« Efl *° *^ e>e< : t from. <r»a(
1 Great American Importing Tea Go's I
5 Stores I
gj881Mart*t 210Gr*ataT. 1419 FUk H
■ 140 Sixth 1819 Drrtmdero 705 Larlrfn i
H475H«i«ht *X>6 Sixteenth Stt Haye- |
fj32So Mission Cl Mont?*? ay*. 52 Market ||
•32003 FUhnora 2518 MImJod. 14S Ninth ti
jg X6 Third T732 »4th 4g9Ftmrth gj
G0000000U9000000000000
S LAST DAY OF %
fBenguiat'si
% Auction Sale of . {
sRUGS!
® Only one sate hour, o
2 7:30 p. m. ©
| PALACE HOTEL. 8
oeoocooodooooeooooaooo
|FIRE!riRE!J
I PROVIDENCE WASHINGTON S
I INSDR4NCE COMPANY S
O (Established 1799.) •
2 The ahove Company havtn* reinsured 2
JJ the business of the FIREMEN'S of •
G Baltimore, policy holder* of that Com. ©
0 pany should apply at once to the un- O
a " ' derailed. .' . ■ ■ ". ' v- ■ /*
2 GEO. E. BUTLER. General Agent. If
*** Pacific Coast Department, •
g 413 CalUornl* at. •
Weekly Call $1 per Year