THE "WEATHEB. -■- ._
Torccatt mad* at But Traa
cisco for thirty hours cnOlnr
midnlfirht, retinxary 22, 1904:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Cloudy, with raia Monday;
freih southerly wind.
/ * O. B. WIX.X.SO2T,
Xiocal rorecacter.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 84.
RUSSIAN TROOPS DRIVEN BACK WITH HEAVY LOSS
IN OUTPOST ENGAGEMENTS ON THE YALU RIVER
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 21. —I have authority which prohibits doubting the veracity of the report that, in spite of official dispatches stating
that nothing is taking place and everything is perfectly quiet, outpost engagements have taken place on the Yalu, resulting in the Russian advance
guards being driven back with considerable losses, which are estimated at 2800; lives. ' Whether these figures include only those who fell on
the Yalu or the entire Russian losses since the commencement of the war is not exactly clear. - '."'."
WARSHIPS
FIRE UPON
THE CITY
United States Cruiser
Engages in a
Shelling.
Insurgents at San Domingo
Hear the Roar ol a
Cannonade.
Island Town of Dmate Is Bombarded
by the Columbia and Training
Vessel Hartford.
PARIS, Feb. 21. — A dispatch from
"San Domingo says that the United
States cruiser Columbia and the train
ing-ship. Hartford have bombarded
Burate. which is occupied by the in
surgents.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2L — Late to
right the State Department received
a cablegram from Minister Powell,
dated at San Dominso, February 16,
saying:
"A decisive battle has been fought
between the Government forces and the
insurgents. It extended over two days
and resulted in a victory for the Gov
ernment. The siege has been raised
and the insurgents are in retreat."
SAN DOMINGO. Thursday, Feb. 11.
— The Clyde liner New York arrived
here this morning, convoyed by the
United States cruiser Newark, and
Minister Powell instructed the captain
of the vessel to discharge his cargo at
the wharf. An agreement had been
made by Minister Powell and Com
'mander Miller with the Insurgents and
the Government that neither party
should fire while the New York was
at the wharf discharging. The Gov
ernment kept this agreement, but the
•insurgents tired on the steamer and on
a launch from the cruiser Columbia,
which was entering the river. Eight
rifle shots damaged the New York's
• woodwork, endangering the lives of
•passengers and crew
The commander of the United States
warship then decided to shell Pajarito
near this city, the place occupied by
; the insurgents, and to land S00 marines
Tuth . the object of punishing the in
surgents for insulting the United
States nag and damaging an American
steamer.
.. . At 2:20 the Newark approached and
opened fire, discharging ten shells.
The insurgents fired upon the marines
-while they were landing, wounding
• «ome of them. The marines returned
! the fire and the insurgents ran away.
m The marines landed were divided into
• two columns and searched the houses,
yoods and bushes. They then followed
the insurgents, who fired while the
marines were reloading. The result of
•'the bombardment Is not known. The
'ICew York left here at 5 p. m. for the
• roadstead after landing her cargo.
• . All is now Quiet and it is supposed
.that the insurgents have retreated a
. considerable distance. Reports from
the interior are favorable to the Gov
ernment. Great misery exists fn the
city for want of food and the arrival
of the Clyde line steamer is a great
relief. The steamer could not land a
•portion of her cargo at Monte Cristi,
being prevented from so doing by a
Dominican warship.
; WASHINGTON*. Feb. 21.— A belated
, dispatch, dated February 12, from
Captain J. M. Miller of the
cruiser Columbia, whJch, with the New
- ark, is in Santo Domingo waters,
brings official confirmation of the dis
patch regarding the bombardment of
the insurgents by the war vessels, of a
position near the capital city, the land-
Ing of marines and bluejackets to pun
ish revolutionists and their subsequent
. re-embarkation.
. According to Captain Miller's dis
patch, the affair occurred on a river
about two miles from San Domingo,
presumably at Pajarito. The insur
gents who were stationed on, the main
•land fired on a United States merchant
veKsel New Tork. which was under con
voy o£ a launch of the Newark,
, tvh!th was lying in the river. The shots
'foil so dang-orouely near the war, ves
sels that the acts of the insurgents
were construed by Captain Miller as
Continued on Pasc 3, Column 2.
The San Francisco Call.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 19 OW: by the New York Herald Publishing: Company.
INSURGENT
ALBANIANS
DISPERSING
0* Is Being Re
stored at Seep
oi Rising.'
CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. 2L—Shem
shi Pasha has telegraphed the Porte
that order has been restored In North
Albania and that the Albanians are
dispersing. . f.-X: -/'./>'?
PARIS, Feb. 2L— Zoltovitch. the Bul
garian agent in* Paris, made the ' fol-
lowing statement to-day:
"I can give the most formal assur
ances that Bulgaria has more than ever
resolved to do nothing to compromise
the peace. It is with great satisfac
tion we have seen the powers elaborate
a plan for reforms in Macedonia and
we wish, without any reservation, the
reforms- realized. Above all, at this
moment, when the powers are follow
ing with anxiety the events In the Far
East, Bulgaria - will avoid doing any
thing that would cause the belief that
she proposes to profit by the crisis.
Continued or : Vase 3, Column 4.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1904.
NEW CHIEF OF RUSSIA'S MANCHURIAN ARMY, TWO OF THE
POWERFUL. WARSHIPS OF THE VLADIVOSTOK SQUADRON AND
. A MILITARY SCENE ON THE KOREAN FRONTIER. \ .
Japanese Will Sink Russian
Cruiser at Shanghai.
Special Dispatch to The ~ Call.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 21.— Urged by the
Japanese Consul here,, the Taotai.or
dered the ) Russian ' gunboat, Mandjur
to leave, the". harbor before 6^o'clock
this afternoon, . the order, however, be
ing Ignored.' It is said that a Japanese
squadron has been ordered to enforce
the Taotai's . demand ' and : fc> enable
Japanese , steamship companies to re
sume "service between Japan .and
Shanghai. -
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— Although no
one In authority. here will say. that the
Asiatic cruiser, squadron is being mo
bilized at Shanghai because of .the 're
port that the. Chinese squadron is going
to drive the Russian | cruiser | Mandjur
out of the harbor, It is understood that
this may- have something > to do with
the direction of American naval .activ
ity in the Far East. .;;,: ; ! i ft
Since the-outbreak of the war found
Continued* on Pa^e : 3, '? Column 2.
Port Arthur Hears Desultory
Gan noriad ing at Sea.
PORT .ARTHUR, Feb. 21.— Sounds of
desultory, firing at sea are heard almost
nightly, i and . this morning firing was
again heard. This is doubtless due, to
the. attempted approach , of Japanese
torpedo-boats, but nothing serious. has
developed.
The " garrison is in excellent spirits
and is firmly convinced of the ultimate
success of the Russian arms, '..
' The, Novkrai prints a long' article in
voking historical' precedents, to prove
the illegality of the Japanese declaration
that fuel and" victuals will in all cases
be treated as contraband of war. The
paper describes Japan's attitude as
presumptuous and urges the neutral
powers to disregard it. .
ADEN,- Feb. 21.— The Peninsula and
Oriental Company's steamship Mongo
lia encountered on Saturday night- 460
miles, north of Aden a Russian battle
ship and four torpedo-boat destroyers.
After the vain attempt ' of a • destroyer
to cut off the Mongolia all of the war
ships gave chase, but being unable to
overtake her they signaled her to stop.
The Mongolia' obeyed, and " a destroyer
after a close scrutiny signaled, "Beg to
be excused.", The fleet is evidently hop,
ing.to capture Japanese ships.
AJIERICAN CONSUL- IMPERILED.
1 VIENNA, Feb. 21?— Following; a ser
vice of intercession in the Russian
church in Prague to-day for the suc
cess of the Russian arms, several hun
dred Slav students gathered* in- front
of the church and. created a disturb
ance. They then . proceeded - to '; the
United States consulate*, where the"y. in
tended to make a hostile demonstration,
,but the police closed the streets leading
to the consulate' and after some oppo
sition succeeded in dispersing the dem-
onstrators and arresting many of them.
LONDON, .Feb.; 22.— From a reliable
quarter the Morning Post's Chef u cor
respondent , says he learns that tens
of. thousands : of Japanese are advanc
ing by forced \ marches from ' various
parts/of Korean to ', the £ Yalu River/ and
that severe fighting; is expected shortly.
• The announcement that General ~Ko
dama has been replaced : in the Japan
ese Cabinet byKoshikawa' is regarded
as meaning that; General .Kodama is
about "to 'take command, of the Jap
anese"' land 'forces. * : Kodama, who., is
Japan's" leading ; general,' did splendid
work in the Chino- Japanese war.- -'• ;
STRIVING FOR CHINESE AID.
; It is ■ said that Viceroy Alexieff has
asked the Ministry of -Marine to ' send
TEE THEATSES.
Alcazar — "The Wrong- Mr.
Wrigrht." Matlnea to-da7.
California — "Human Hearts."
Central — "King- of the Opium
Klagr." Matinee to-day.
Chutes — Vauaevrne.
Columbia— "Old Homestead."
Tischer't — "Boly-Poly." Matinee.
Grand — "The Gamekeeper." Mat
inee to-day.
Orpheum —^Vaudeville. Matinee
to-day.
Tivoli — "VThta Johnny Comes
Marching Home." Matinee.
him officers who . are not too young
and admirals, who are not too old, of
.whom he already, has too many. The
Viceroy has issued .proclamations to
the Chinese throughout Manchuria
seeking to enlist their sympathy in be
half of Russia and their. assistance in
maintaining. the railway intact by rep
resenting to them Japan's alleged
treacherous methods in beginning the
war.
A'. Port Arthur dispatch received at
St. Petersburg reports that the Russian
cruiser Novik had been repaired and
had left her dock.
The Standard's Kieff correspondent
hears that the Caucasus and Turkestan
armies are to be mobilized. He adds
that the rumor. Is not confirmed of
ficially, but says that. If it is true, it
can" only be interpreted as a veiled
threat against India in certain emer
gencies.
The correspondent at Tientsin of the
Standard reports an attack of BOO
Chinese "brigands" on the Russian
post at Fuchau as probably an attempt
to wreck the railway.
BELIEF IN LONDON
THAT RUSSIA MUST
NEGOTIATE LOAN
LONDON, Feb. 21.— The question as
to how long Russia will be able to bear
the financial strain caused by the war
without having recourse to a foreign
loan exerts a great influence in the
money markets. It is the general be
lief that, owing to economic conditions
resulting from bad harvests and other
causes, it will be difficult for Russia to
raise internal loans and that if the war
lasts beyond a couple of years that
country will be bound to raise money
abroad.
The Stock Exchange experienced a
very depressed and nervous week, due
largely to fears of trouble in the Bal
kans.
■ Foreign stocks of all classes were al
most" demoralized, quantities of them
being thrown - upon the market "from
both" Paris and Berlin, where operators
were overloaded by recent heavy pur
chases made under the belief that
peace in the Far East would be main
tained. •
"The other markets were dull and de
pressed, In sympathy with the -foreign
markets, while American securities
were characterized by an • almost com
plete absence of dealings
PRTCE FIVE CENTS.
FOOTPADS
FIGHT WITH
CONSTABLE
Desperate Battle on
Street in San
ftdlduL
Fire Department CMel Is
Severely Wounded in
the Combat.
One of the Robbers Stops a Bullet and
Both Are Captured Late at Night
After a Long Chase.
Special Dispatch to The CaSL
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 21. — While on
his way home this evening Louis
Hughes, the Chief of the local Fire De
partment and the constable of the city,
was held up and because he resisted
was shot at four times. One bullet
penetrated the lower part of his body.
The hold-up occurred on Irwin
street, one of San Rafael'- principal
residence thoroughfares, at a time
when there were many pedestrians
about. The attack was made in a dark
spot under a clump of shade trees.
Hughes defended himself as much as
possible and pulled the trigger of his
revolver five times, but on each occa
sion the weapon failed to respond.
Late to-night Deputy Sheriff George
Martin captured the two footpads near
San Anselmo. One had a bullet wound
in the thigh. They are young men of
good appearance and well dressed. Both
refused to give their names. They are
now in jail here.
/ When Hughes was opposite the
Bogle residence two men passed him.
He hailed them and suggested that if
they were going his way he would ac
company them. At the salutation both
men turned, one exclaiming, "Hold up
your hands!" Instead of complying
Hughe3 reached for his pistol, where
upon the taller man of the two fired
three shots at him. The murderous
couple then turned and ran in the di
rection of the Hotel Rafael. When
they were fifty feet away another shot
was fired,
Hughes was removed to Dr. Howitt'3
sanitarium on Fourth street and
Sheriff Taylor was notified of the hold
up. It is believed that Hughes will
recover. .0':
Hughes' description of his two as
sailants corresponds with that of tha
two masked men who robbed .the
saloon of A. Lawrence at Sausalito on
Friday night Officers have been on
the trail of these men ever since, but
no tangible clew has been obtained.
William Shannon, a saloonkeeper
near West End Station, was held up
to-night. His place was entered atfout
11:15 o'clock. Two other men were in
the place at the time. A young man,
short and clean shaven, first entered
and ordered Shannon and his custom
ers to throw up their hands. One man
refused. Shannon begged him to raise
his hands, but still the customer re
fused, whereupon the second highway
man entered, pointing: two pistols in
the man's face. The customer then
acquiesced.
The first intruder thereupon went be
hind the bar, secured the day's re
ceipts, purloined Shannon's watch,
while the other robber kept the three
men covered.
The highwaymen were not masked.
They did not molest Shannon's cus
tomers and just before making their
exit returned the watch to the pro
prietor. They then left the place and
ran down the road toward San Ansel
mo. The description given by Shannon
coincides with identifications made by
Hughes.
Heavy Loss In Brooklyn Fire.
NEW YORK, Feb. 21.— The factory
of the Fraser Tablet Company, at
Eighteenth street and Eighth avenue.
Brooklyn, was destroyed by fire • to
night. Loss. ? 350,000.
Russia's Official Notification.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 21. — Em
bassador McCormlck was to-day of
ficially notified that Russia will not
participate in the St. Louis Exposition.2
BLACK SEA FLEET MAY PASS THE DARDANELLES
CZAR ORDERS INQUIRY
INTO DEFEAT OF FLEET
Officers Who Were to Blame for Surprise
at Port Arthur Will Be
Punished.
l>!cgT:uu to Tlio OilJ ami Now York Herald, Copyright, l»04» by
tte >'« VoiU iicral-.l Publishing Co;ni»;ui>.
ST. PETERSDUKG, Feb. 21.— For
days past, besides ugly rumors of Rus
eian rr.Islr.17s on lanJ, there have been
current in usually well-informed cir
cles rarr.crs that the extreme displeas
ure of the Emperor has been aroused
by incidents of the night torpedo boat
attack by the Japanese at Port Arthur,
conctrning which much futile abuse
tsainst Japan has been expended in
the m«w>p;iv>ers. Public opinion here
iipptarji to b? that the Emperor ha?
ordered very fuii inquiry to be made.
So far as is known here, en the
fventfei night in question celebrations
were being held by the entire staff of
cfflceis of the fleet on the occasion of
>he birthday of Mme. Stark, wife of
the adir.Iral of that name, the auspi
cious «-vent beins Inaugurated in truly
Russian style with the effervescent
fervor of these who are delighted to
find any pretext to vary the intense
•monotony of the deadly dull life at
Port Arthur
.It is reckoned that the- inquiry will
result in many dismissals and degra-
dations.
ID th* same influential circles are
circulated persistent rumors concern
ing Viceroy Alexieff, he being, it is
said, looked upon as a disappointing
personality, having belied the huge ex
pectations placed in him.
CZAR'S TKOUULES MULTIPLY.
From a high military authority I
hare it that the commissariat has
given proof of such defective organiza
tion that, as he puts it, the service has
parx ia!!y brokn down, which, at this
juncture, is 3 very serious matter.
FRENCH FINANCIERS
PLAN MEASURES TO
STEADY THE MARKET
PARIS, Fob. 21.— Prominent financiers
have -been in consultation to-day, and
measures were taken which will be put
into operation to-morrow to prevent
continuance of the depression which
since the opening of the war in the Par
Mast, and particularly on Friday and
Saturday, has charctcrized the Bourse.
The Government is assisting these ef
forts by positively denying that there
is any ground for alarm over further
complications.
The seriuus result of the weakness of
the market Is shown by the estimates
of securities listed on the Bourse, which
have diminished In value about 1,000,
000,000 francs within the past two
weeks. •
Since February 6 French rentes
dropped here 3 francs 25 centimes;
Spanish exteriors, 11 francs 10 centimes;
Russian consols, 7 francs; Brazilian 4's,
5 francs 30 centimes; Bank of Paris, 98
francs: Credit Lyonnaise. 87 francs;
Sues, 200 francF; Thomson-Houston, 50
francs, end Rio Tintos, 64 francs.
,. Jt is recognized that something must
be done to stop the reckless efforts to
selL AH the financiers who discussed j
the matter to-day united in saying that
the crisis was pre-eminently produced
by speculation based on the general
fear of complications arising out of the
war between Russia and Japan, and it
was bees use of this that capital had
b*»en " timid about intervening. The
financiers who have been consulting to
day propose to act together to uphold
the market to-morrow, and this, taken
with the denial of the sensational re
ports from Berlin and Madrid, is ex
ported to bring about a reaction, or at
least to produce a firmer market.
De Vern«Miil, a member of a prom-'
5nent company operating on the Bourse,
calied attention to-day to the fact that
the tone of the Bourse in itself was ex
cellent.
"I believe." he paid, "that very short
ly, from Mon'iay even, the market will
l>e strong and will resume its normal
course."
The correspondent at Madrid of the
Temps cays that in the sessioA of the
Cortes on Monday the Government will
deny the reports of foreign alliances,
which were the cause of the excitement
on Saturday, and will say* that the
movements of troops are only precau
tionary and for the purpose of enforc
ing Spanish neutrality in the war In the
Far Esst.
Captains Ogala and Shlmaouloi of the
Japanese artillery, who are attending a
course of instruction in the School of
Appliance at Fontainebleau, were re
called to-day by the Japanese Govern
| ment.
She — The paper says "his method of
receiving his guests was quite uncon
ventional." I wonder what that
means?
' . He — It means simply that he is
• boorish, but has plenty of money. —
* Philadelphia Press.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Headache
NVrvousr.ess, Dizziness, Indigestion,
N«y;rals:ia arc caused by sick nerves.
tly soothing the nerves and Ktixnulat-
',\\k their action, Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain
PUIs relieve almost immediately.
Unlike any other pain remedy, they
nothing injurious, and you will
T>cv«t know you have taken them, except
jjy the relief they afford.
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
Hav# become a household remedy In
thousands of families, where they never
fail to cure all pain, and relieve those lft-
tl<? miserable ailments which are so com-
mon.
"Dr. Milo< Anti-Pain Pills have not
only relieved me of severe headache, ner-
vousness an«l. indigestion, but my mother
who has suffered a great deal with neu-
raljda an<? dizziness has been cured by
thrir use."— MRS. G. H. DANKS, 332 yr.
3rd St.. Moorestown. N. J. .;
Money back if first bottle falls to ben-
25 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
Many of the most necessary .adjuncts
of field service have been overlooked—
for instance, portable kitchens, for
which a well-known firm here received
a rush order at its own prices.
All possible artillerists are being dis
patched to the front, thc-y, to their dis
appointment, being notified they will
be used for defending the railroad.
For many unexpected reasons the
transport of troops to the front is much.
slower than was expected, the antici
pated average of 7000 per diem having
fallen to "000. It is thus expected that,
so fax as Russia is concerned, there
will be considerable delay in taking
action, and. If hostilities are com
menced foon, it will certainly not be
due to the initiative of this country.
SAYS JAPAN IiOST A SHIP.
The official account of "the battle of
Chemulpo, given by Pavloff, Russian
Minister to Korea, ■who left Seoul for
China on February 13, is practically
identical with the report previously
cabled. Pavlc-H says that the Japanese
captain of the cruiser Takachiho sunk
his vessel the night following the bat
tle and that the Russian fire silenced
the Asama's fore barbette and wrecked
her bridge. The * Asama transferred
eighty killed or wounded to a transport.
The Japanese Minister on the same
night had an interview with the Em
peror, according to Pavloff's report,
and threatened to occupy the Imperial
palace unless Japanese sovereignty in
Korea were recognized.
Grand Duke Alexis, conversing at the
Yacht Club, confirmed the report of
the sinking of a Japanese cruiser and
a Japanese torpedo boat at Chemulpo.
KING EDWARD STANDS
READY TO OFFER HIS
MEDIATION FOR PEACE
PARIS, Feb. 22.— The Petit Paris
ienne's London correspondent says
that during an interview preceding the
departure from London for St. Peters
burg yesterday of Count Bencken
dorff, the Bussian Embassador, Lord
Lansdowne, the British Foreign Min
ister, intimates to him that King Ed
ward was willing to offer. his media
tion in the war in the Far East if the
Czar thought he could accept it. ••
In a dispatch from Harbin the cor
respondent of the Matin says General
Velkoff. who is on guard on the Mon
golia line, has arrived there with Gen
eral Dasielevsky of the engineer corps.
Half of the Japanese fleet, the corres
pondent also says, is covering the
landing of troops in Korea and the
other half is seeking the -Vladivostok
squadron. , " , •
The Echo de Paris' St. Petersburg
correspondent says, with regard to
rumors in circulation that the ap
pointment of General Kuropatkin to
the command of the Russian army in
Manchuria meant that Viceroy Alex
ieff was losing favor, that the truth
is as follows
"When the war broke out the Czar
asked Viceroy Alexieff whether he
deemed it necessary to send a general
to command the* troops, and if so whom
he preferred. The Viceroy replied that
he considered it necessary to have a
chief commander of the land troops, but
that he had ' no preference ' as to who
should be selected. The Czar thereupon
asked him whether General Kuropatkin
would be" agreeable, and the- admiral
replied, 'Absolutely; but I- beg your
"Majesty to discharge me from air re
sponsibility for the land operations,
leaving these' to General Kuropatkin.' "
Alexieff retains the viceroyship, hut
General Kuropatkin is empowered .to
communicate directly with the Czar.
While France has acceded to the
British proposal for the * extension of
neutrality by China to all points In
China leased by powers save (hose oc
cupied by Russia, the Foreign Office
says that such action In ho -wise Im
pairs the rights of the powers ' under
their leases. The questfon has been
brought up that the British proposal
tending to reaffirm Chinese sovereignty
over the points occupied, as well as to
foreign municipalities, but the view of
the French authorities is that there Is
no change In the status of these territo
ries In consequence of the extension of
Chinese neutrality to them.
Gil Bias affirms that at the last min
isterial council it was decided definite
ly to put off President Loubet's visit to
Italy, but the reason for the postpone
ment has not fceen announced. Foreign
Minister Delcasse lnforjned President
Loub'et and his colleagues that the
Russian army operations would not
begin seriously before April and it Is
considered impossible that the Presi
dent shall take part In the fetes which
will attend his visit, while the allv of
France Is engaged in a desperate strug-
gle.
MARSEILLES, Feb. 21.— The French
steamship Salasie sailed from here to
day, carrying troops and supplies. Her
destination is Tonquin, Indo-China.
The Government has also chartered the
French steamship Adour for the same
purpose.
L'ORIENT, France, Feb. 21.— Fifty
sailors now on leave here, destined for
the Far East, have been recruited.
They will sail on February 25 Instead
of on March 6 as at first contemplated.
BREST, France, Feb. 21.— The prep
aration of the cruiser d'Assas and the
torpedo-boat destroyers Javelin .and
Pistolet is being urgently proceeded
with. The Instructions of the Minister
of th9 Navv to the commanders of the
vessels have been received here.
"But I thoug-ht," observed the simple
minded person on the outskirts of the
crowd, "that a king; could do as . he
pleased?" . • . ...
"Not at all." replied the other, person,
craning his neck. "Didn't you see how
he shuddered . when' he kissed the" other
king? He didn't want to,, but he just
bad to do it."— Chicago Tribune.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL,: MONDAY, 22. 1904.
SUMMARY OF THE CALL'S SPECIAL WAR NEWS
. . From ..a high authority m St. Petersburg The Call's special correspondent has learned
of the repulse of the Russian troops in outpost engagements on the Yalu. He adds that the
Russian loss was 2500 meivbut is in doubt as to whether these figures include the total num-
ber of Russian killed and wounded to, date. ..-.
The harbor of. Shanghai is soohXo be the scene of a naVal battle. The Russian gunboat
Mandjur, Which was in the harbor at the outbreak of the war and was unable- to' escape, has
been ordered by the Chinese authorities vto" leave and- has, ignored the- demand.- A 1 Japanese
squadron has been ordered to go int6* the harbor "after the Maitdjur:. : The" Russian "warship is
doomed, as Japanese ships aie in' waiting at the harbor, entrance ,to. attack when she appears.
An explanation of Great Britat^^^^'^'na^lilactiyi.ty comes, from St. Petersburg.
Russia is negotiating with Turkey forv-jperriiiFsjon. for, the. Black Sea fleet to pass, through the
Dardanelles. The Sultan, seeking .to*profit by Russia's stress, may acquiesce if He be given a
free hand in the Balkans. ;'< .- ' ' ; . "' '
Count Cassini, Russian Embassador to Washington, in an interview expresses the con
viction of his Government that Secretary u Hay's note 'reLating to then6utralityof China cloaks
no concealed motive, and that Washingtoji'iwas.' actuated solel)' by a desire to confine the war
area to the smallest possible space. '• , • ; - ' " • ;. ' ""* ~ ' -
The Japanese Government continues its rigorous censorship and practically no war
news is permitted to leak out, txcept an occasional denial. of Japanese, repulses or of losses sus
tained by Japan's fleets. Russia, on the contrary', has removed the censorship entirely and will
place no "restrictions upon correspondents in Russian eities. "
French financiers are planning measures to prevent a continuance of the panic on the
Bourse. * "\ s ;^. .''-'~ '-.:'-" ']' : ~ ."... '.
A French troopship has sailed for Indo-China, carrying soldiers and supplies. Another
will soon follow. • ■ . • ,
Four Russian Grand Dukes will accompany Commander in Chief Kuropatkin to the
front.
Negotiations Between the Czar and the Sultan Explain the Warlike
Activity of Great Britain
Special Cable to The Call and New Yo rlc tierald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 21.— In spite
01 the ridicule. tast upon the idea from
various sources, once again the Porte
has lent a willing ear to the diplomatic
suggestions of Russia that the Black
Sea fleet should one day be found un
expectedly in the Mediterranean, Tur
key being assured that, this once an
accomplished fact, not one of the pow
ers would have a word to say In objec
tion.
The only difficulty, however, which
lies in the way of an arrangement by
which the Dardanelles could be passed
Is that Abdul Hamid sees that it is in
his power to exact in return terms
which, as much as Russia would like to
get her splendid Black Sea squadron
out, are more than this country can di
gest. These terms are that Turkey be
given a free hand in settling the Balkan
difficulties in the war which the com-
ing months are deemed certain to bring.
This Is the reason why Admiral
Skrydloff, the bulldog of the Russian
riavy and its most Intrepid and most
daring leader, was lately sent for to
coYne to St. Petersburg, the first inten
tion being to appoint htm to the com
mand in the Far East, but the disasters
at Port Arthur rendered his going there
useless and at the same time empha
sized the essential necessity of getting
the valuable Black Sea squadron re
lieved. '- ;*. .:.-■;
EXPLAINS BRITISH ACTIVITY.
Hence Admiral Skrydloff hurried
back to Odessa, where he was received
with marked ovations, showing fully
that the people clearly understood the
importance of the mission he might be
called upon to carry out.
This also may explain the report of
the feverish haste with which the Brit
ish fleet, including the reserves, is be
ing mobilized, and it also possibly ex
plains the recent quite unexpected note
of Turkey to the powers concerning
Bulgaria, which looks like a prelimin
ary declaration of war against that
country.
, The trans-Caucasian troops are being
mobilized and ordered to occupy the
frontiers of Turkestan and Persia, this
being a strong reminder to England
that Russia" is ready for war over these
two frontiers. '
KUROPATKIX IS POPULAR.
The appointment of General Kuro
patkin, who was yesterday relieved of
his functions as Minister of War. to
the chief command of the Russian
army in the Far East, was gazetted
this morning.
With the possible exception of Gen
eral Dragomiroff, formerly Governor
General of Kieff and later member of
the Council of State, General Kuropat
kin is the most ''popular man in the
Russian army. As a bluff old soldier
who has fought his way up from the
bottom to be Minister of War, he is. the
ideal of the enlisted men. Not one
in the Czar's army has seen more fight
ing and no one can tell a story better..
There Is never a dull moment in his
company, for he intermingles ,. the
humorous incidents of his campaign
with tales of the self-sacrifices of the
men to whom he led with Skobeleff
over the parched wastes of Geok-Tepe
or over the Icy slopes of Plevna.
No one meeting the short, grizzled
warrior In his charming home on the
sunny side of the Moika would guess
the extent of his power or the burden
of responsibility " weighing on his
shoulders. As Minister of War he was
considered a Just chief who gave re
wards and administered punishments
without fear or favor.' It Is small won
der, "therefore, that the Russian army
adores him.;
GRAND DUKES GO TO WAR.
The appointment of General- Kuro
patkin to direct command in the field
has been received\with enthusiasm and
his leadership inspires complete con
fidence that there will be no mistakes
and that Russian arms will be. carried
to success on land.
General \ Kuropatkin will be accom
panied to the front'by'the Grand Dukes
Boris, Alexis,,: Nicholas and . Michael
Nikolalvitch. ' The " Emperor and Em
press gave a luncheon to-day to . Gen
eral Kuropatkin and the Grand Dukes
at the Alexandra Palace, Tsarskoe-
Selo,' and bade them farewell.
' The exact mission of Grand puke
Alexis* is unknown, but it is, undoubt
edly an Important one, as he has been
in supreme command of the Russian
navy, as president of the board of ad
miralty, taking an active part 'in the
negotiations preceding hostilities. He
presided at' the special council' which
prepared Russia's undelivered reply to
i Jap?** '
Alexis 'paid a memorably, pleasant
visit to the United States when/ a
young man. His career as high ad
miral is welf known and brilliant, and
he has always surrounded himsjjlf, with
a notable : staff. The Grand Duke has
been a prominent figure t in two capi
tals. During the busy months of win
ter-he is often seen here walking on
the Grand ' Orskaja, to and from thft
stately- -palace, and in front of the new
admiralty dockyards. Hte favorite re
sort is the yacht club. He spends his
summers in PoLris., ..-
Grand Duke 'Alexis is now in very
bad health, but hte desire to go to the
front could not be resisted. If his
health permits he may exercise general
direction of the naval movements in
the Far East.
BORIS IS A HUSSAR.
Grand Duke Boris is a lieutenant of
Hussars and is considered a daredevil
of the soldier sort. He is likely to dis
tinguish himself in battle and probably
will be on the staff of Grand Duke
Nicholas, After Boris' returned from
the'Unlted* States he bought the palace
foimerly occupied by Embassador Mc-
Cormick.
Grand Duke Nicholas Is 47 years of
age and is considered the foremost cav
alry expert in the Russian army. He
is tall and fair, with a pleasant face.
As the occupant of the responsible post
of Inspector general of cavalry he will
be able to advise General Kuropatkin,
who is an infantry specialist.
is one of the few Grand
Dukes who married a commoner^ and
though his marriage has not been re
corded it Is none the less a happy one.
His wife was the widow of a wealthy
merchant named Bourenin
With General Kuropatkin's appoint
ment as commander In chief of the
army and the presence of Grand Dukft
Alexis In the Far East, the opinion is
strengthened that while Admiral Alex
left may remain as Viceroy, the active
direction of operations will pass out of
his hands.
YANKEE OFFICER CRITICIZED.
The action of the commander of the
United States gunboat Vicksburg, fn
declining to join, the commanders of
other foreign warships in a protest
against the attack of the Japanese
fleet at Chemulpo which resulted in
the sinking of the Russian cruisers
Varlag and Korietz, promises to cause
much discussion here.
The Novoe JVreyma's London corres
pondent cables that the protest of the
British captain against the Japanese
attack, on the ground that it was a.
breach of neutrality, proved ineffectual
because the American commander*
would not assent.
Newspapers here are laying ' great
stress on the personal note of Kurino,
the Japanese Minister in St. Petersburg,
to Count Lamsdorff, the Russian For
eign Minister, on the eve of the notifi
cation of the severance of diplomatic
relations, In which Kurino v expressed
the hope that the rupture would be of
brief duration. They point to this in
cident as a proof that Russia had no
reason to believe that Japan intended
to follow up the rupture with actual
hostilities.
Official news received here confirms
the. report that none of the crew of : the
Korietz was lost.
An immense congregailon attended
the requiem to-day for Count Neirod,
the only officer killed aboard the
Variag. The Count was a great favorite
in St. Petersburg society.
JAPANESE WORSHIPS
NOT DAMAGED EXCEPT
THROUGH ACCIDENTS
TOKIO, February 21.— The rep'orts
from various quarters saying that Ad
miral Togo's fleet was partly,, crippled
in the' operations at Port Arthur are
unfounded. ' It has not been necessary
to send a single large ship to, Sasebo
for repairs. * Two torpedo "destroyers
have beefTdamaged, but not in fight
ing. The Akebono, in attempting to
coal from 'a collier during a* storm,
collided with the Oboro, disabling her
machinery. Both were sent to Sasebo
to be repaired and they will be ready
for service soon.
The' armored cruiser Chigoda has
been docked "at Sasebo' an'd cleaned.
She had been in .-the water for months
and her bottom was so fouled that
her; speed. was impaired. "
1 The • battleship Shikishima, which
was 'damaged ' on the eve of war; was
repaired 1 in- time to participate in Ad
miral v Togo's * attack on * Port -Arthur.
On? February 9 she was . returning , to
Sasebo after the naval maneuvers ahc>j
while changing her berth struck bot
tom. The accident was at first re
garded as serious and it -'was believed
•that Japan would have to defer the war
until the Shikishima could be repair
ed, owing to the then evenly balanced
naval strength of Japan and Russia.
When docked it was found that the
damage to the Shikishima was slight
and repairs were effected in a few
days.- The accident was kept secret
and few were informed of it. It was
generally believed that the Shikishima
was still docked at Sasebo and unable
to participate in the attack on Port
Arthur.
Admiral Togo's men were eager to
fight and the men. of the torpedo
squadron who were sent to reconnoit
er at Dalny on the night of February
8 were bitterly disappointed when
they missed the Port Arthur fight and
they have almost demanded of Ad
miral Togo that he permit them to
engage the enemy at the next op
portunity.
Captain Takonouchi, a former naval
attache at Paris, has been appointed
to command the Nisshin and Captain
OJnouyu, late chief of staff of the
Kure navy yard, has been apointed to
command the Kasaga. These are the
cruisers which were purchased from
the Argentine Republic. The Kasaga
has gone to Kure to outfit. She will
be ready for sea in two weeks. , The
Nisshin is outfitting at Yokahama and
will be ready in three weeks. , . ;}'."■', ;■
The Russian Vladivostok squadron
was reported to-day on the west coast
of the island of Hokkido, attempting
to cut the cables. The navy depart
ment, however, discredits the report
and' believes that the squadron is still
at Vladivostok.
SHORTAGE OF PORT
ARTHUR'S SUPPLY OF
FOOD GROWS SERIOUS
CHEFU, Feb. 21.— The United States
cruiser New Orleans and gunboats
Wilmington and Annapolis, which sail
ed fronvManila on February 15, under
command of Rear Admiral Cooper,
upon arriving here received orders from
the Secretary of the Navy to return to
Shanghai. When the outbreak of hos
tilities between Russia ad Japan, oc
curred, Admiral "Evans, commanding
the Asiatic fleet, dispatched a cruiser
squadron to Shanghai and Admiral
Cooper's squadron to Chefu. Secretary
Moody has ordered all the ships to
Shanghai. They coaled and left imme
diately, not giving any reason for their
sudden departure.
The Russian forces in Manchuria are
so far acting entirely on the defensive.
Extensive preparations are'being made
at Dalny, Port Arthur, Newchwang
and Laioyang to prevent the threat
ened landing of the Japanese troops. A
big force of men is -at work on the
damaged .vessels in the Port Arthur
harbor and efforts are being made to
raise the battleship Retvizan.
. The, supply of fresh vegetables and
beef 'in Port Arthur is getting very
short and speculators are endeavoring
to engage steamships to run the block
ade.
WASHINGTON DOUBTS
THAT THE VICKSBURG
LET RUSSIANS DROWN
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— Adverse
comment by the Russian press of the
conduct of Commander William A.
Marshall of the United States steam
ship Vicksburg before and during the
Russo-Japanese naval engagement at
Chemulpo is received with surprise
here. It Is not believed that he refused
to extend humane aid to members of
the crews of the Russian ships Koreitz
and Variag," which were blown up.
,: No detailed report of the engagement
has \ been received from Commander
Marshall, but the teachings and tradi
tions of the United States navy have
always. been conducive to humane and
generous action at such time." It Is
not known whether, the Vicksburg
picked up any Russian seamen from
the waters of the harbor," but neither
is it known that any of the Russian
seamen perished while Americans
looked on and refused . aid.
Atchison girls have often swung from
Lucy to ftuclle, but they swing further
in Topeka, where a girl has appeared
as Lu Cille.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AU
drucKlEts refund 'the money If it falls to cure.
K. W. Grove's elxnature 1» j sa eacb bex. && •
HAY PENS A SECOND
NOTE TO THE POWERS
Russian Embassador Expresses His Govern
ment's Satisfaction. With American
Special Dlsputch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— Secretary
Hay has addressed to all the powers
with Interests in the Far East a second
note dealing with the neutrality of
China and the desire to limit the area
of Russo-Japanese hostilities
This ' note merely states what had
been accomplished by his previous com
munications initiating the international
effort for the preservation of China's
neutrality. It sots forth the extent to
which Russia and Japan have agreed
to limit the field of war. This, as pre
viously stated, makes the battleground
Manchuria, Korea and the Russian and
Japanese empires.
Hay does hot suggest any secondary
step. He is content with the adherence
of the powers to the principle of Chi
nese neutrality. There will be Issued
at the State Department, probably to
morrow, the memorandum setting forth
the Russian and Japanes answers to
Hay's first note.
STATEMENT BY CASSIN'I.
"Russia gladly and willingly favored
the suggestion 'of Secretary Hay that,
as far as possible, the belligerents in
the Far East war . localize hostilities
and respect the neutrality of China in
the interest of a continuance of peace
ful intercourse with the rest of the
world. My Government expressed the
conviction that Mr. Hay's suggestion
was prompted by motives of the high
est humanity and was mutually advan
tageous to the belligerents."
. This statement was mado by Count
Cassini, the Russian Embassador, in
the course of a conversation at the em
bassy to-night. The Embassador spoke
in general on the Far Eastern situa
tion. Although' the negotiations on the
neutrality proposition have been car
ried on almost entirely between the
several foreign Governments addressed
and the American envoys accredited
to them, the weight of the work of the
Russian Embassador in Washington in
the councils of the Czar was strongly
influential in the shaping of Russia's
reply.
As soon as the note was addressed
to the Russian Government Count Cas
slnl was advised of the fact by Secre
tary Hay, and a long and earnest con
versation followed on the motives of
the Washington Government in initiat
ing this move, unique in diplomacy. To
the frankness of this conversation— a
frankness made possible by the cordial
and intimate relations which Mr. Hay
and Count Cassini have enjoyed in
Washington — is largery due. it is said,
to the prompt response of the Russian
Government, which Is materially con
cerned with many matters of the grav
est Importance, and some demanding
the "most speedy attention, such as war
measures.
XATIOXS STILL FRIENDLY.
"It is fortunate," continued the Em
bassador, "that, whatever may be the
feeling here and there in the United
States of sympathy for Japan, the tra
ditional — and, so far as Russia is con
cerned, the highly prized— friendly re
lations between the Washington and
St. Petersburg Governments in no way
have been Interfered with. Every mail
brings to the embassy some fifty to 100
•contradictions, in the form of offers of
assistance, medical and military, of the
statement that Russi- is without
friends In this country.
"It is so in this country as in every
other, that the smaller nation in the
struggle can count on a certain amount
of sympathy, .arising solely from the
fact ot its minority; but it is a tribute
to the fairness of your Government
that the official conduct of your Gov
ernment certainly has been all that
either belligerent could expect in the
preservation of the strict neutrality
which the President directed shall be
observed by his people.
"So numerous have these offers of
medical and other aid' become that I
have felt It my duty to bring them to
the attention of my Government. It
is possible that. In recognition of the
kindly spirit of humanity and friend
liness which is evidenced by the Amer
ican physicians who have offered their
assistance, my Government may find
a way to accept some of them, and
that American jAiysicians and nurses
may aid us in caring for the wounded
in the Far Eastern war. I am dally
expecting an answer from St. Peters
burg on this point."
WILL NOT SUPPRESS NEWS. -
"What will .be the effect of the re
moval of the censorship on all news
from St. Petersburg to the outside
world?" the Embassador was asked.
"It is believed that this will effect
ually diminish the number of canards
which have been secretly sent from
Russia, especially to England and the
United States, about my country. Cen
sored dispatches were wrongly consid
ered abroad as having the approval of
the Government. Nothing could have
been further from the truth, . unless it
was the additional false Impression
that uncensored dispatches represented
the facts as they were.' 1 With the cen
sorship removed it is hoped that the
outside world, will have a better Idea
of my Government and my people. It
was gratifying to hear from a repre
sentative American several days ago
of the approval in this country of the
policy which had been strictly adhered
to, of making public the news from the
Far East, whether good or bad.
"In the earnest hop_e that peace
might be preserved with Japan, my
government was giving more attention
tb ; the methods by which a diplomatic
settlement might be rtached than to
preparations for the recourse. to arms
which we are now convinced Japan had
determined upon at the outset of the
negotiations. For this reason the first
chapter in the Far Eastern war has
not been characterized by Russian vic
tories.
HERO OF THE VARXAG.
"The truth has been made public as
rapidly as Admiral Alexieff's dispatches
have been made known to his Majesty.
In the first chapter, however, is con
tained a picture which it was to be
expected,' the Americans were quick to
appreciate and applaud. I refer to the
noble conduct of the captain of th-j
Varfag, who, after refusing to sur
render his ship, came out of the harbor
of Chemulpo to face an overwhelming
force of Japanese warships, to whose
fire he replied as effectively as he could
and then blew up his own ship, that
she might not* fall Into the hands of
the enemy. The contribution of such
a page to Russian history more than
compensates for any losses sustained
by our navy as a result of Japan at
tacking us before a declaration, and
Tvhile her envoy in' St.. PetersUurg was
still enjoying the courtesy and pro
tection of the Russian Government.
"The Asso'ciated Press^ dispatches
from St. Petersburg have correctly re
ported the tidal wave of national feel
ing and enthusiasm which has swept
over my country. No longer is the
struggle In the Far East a political one.
interesting for the most part diplomats
and statesmen. It has flared up into a
national war. My august master has
shown extraordinary patience in en
deavoring to arrive at a settlement
without war. But, now that Japan has
made war, the determination of ' tHo
Russian Emperor and his people that
she shall be satisfied with that for
which she has seemed so anxious. Is
made all the stronger by the patience
and forbearance which have hitherto
characterized our dealings with the
Japanese. -'J*." .
"In the interest of the world's hu
manity I am confident all nations will
hope for the success of Secretary Hay's
effort to limit the deplorable war to the
belligerents now engaged." '
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I UAisini i
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO 1
pi Adjoining Call Baildinff* '«.]
El f^^fllni Cl^ « I" F" El
1 TIMES ARE QUIET I
I WE MUST REDUCE STOCK 1
I MONEY TALKS WITH US 1
II • No use talking, but times are ||
I dull. If any store does business H
II we do. but just the same, times ||
II are dull and the Shoe business Is J
|j pretty quiet. Now we are over- |
n stocked and must reduce, and to j
II do so will offer exceptionally big 1
H bargains and low prices. Special J
|J for this week: Ladies' Patent I
|J Leather Oxfords. Bronze Kid Ox- j
B fords and Vici Kid Oxfords, coin H
C| toes and tips, hand-turned sol»s H
SI and French heels. REDUCED TO |!
H 8 I .«"»«"» A PAIB. Sizes 2 ! 3 to 7 Va: I
|i widths AA to E. H
| PATENT LEATHER LACE |
fl Bargains like this are not of- I]
n feted every day, so take advan- ft
I tage and get fitted. Ladies' Pat- V.
Bl ent Leather Kid Lace Shoes, with I
M dull kid tops, coin toes and tips. |j
II hand-welte<l soles and Cuban 1!
□ heels. AND THE PRICE CUT TO If
If $1.8." A FAX*. Sizes 2'i to 3; I
11 widths A to E. |
I CHILD'S rUlf^* 1
I DRESS SHOES I
H , S , h 2 es , like tne! »e cannot be ex- I
fl celled. "VVe are selling them at |
i less than the original cost. Child's I
±4 Patent Leather Lace Shoes, with I
g mat kid tops, turned soles nnd I
r| spring heels. OUB FlilCE rOS ft
II TF 13 WEE « OJrtT SOc Sizes I
H 4*4= to S; widths A V> E. j
I B, KATSCHINSKI
| Philadelphia Shoe Co. f\
H 10 THIRD ST. * San ZTanelseo. j|SWINDLER
IS AT LAST
RUN DOWN
Police Capture Carl Anderson,
a Man of Many Aliases and
One of the Boldest Opera
tors in the United States
1'OKGED PROPERTY DEEDS
\ INVOLVING THOUSANDS
Although Using Simple 3Ieth
ods, He Consummated 3Iany
Big Deals and Pocketed Large
Sums by Sacrificing Realty
SpectsJ Dispatch to The Call
' LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21.— As the cul
mination of detective work which has
•been In progress since last September
ajid which has been participated in by
officers of haif a dozen cities through
out the country, Carl Anderson, alias
D. S. Spring, alias J. H. Johnson, alias
half a dozon other names, one of the
moEt extensive land swindlers who has
ever operated ■with California realty as
his 6tock in trade, was arrested short
ly before midnight and made a confes
sion of his guilt. The arrest is consid
ered one of the most important that
nas been effected here In years. It is
not a local case, but the man is said
to have been operating in many cities
fi-nd the magnitude of his operations
have been such that he has been deal
ing in property worth hundreds of
thousands of dollars. Time and again
did the officers in various places think
•they had him, but he slipped through
their fingers, leaving some dupe to take
the consequences.
According to his own confession,
Anderson has been the head of a syndi
cate of swindlers who, throughout the
Middle West, have been advertising
California property in exchange for
property in that section. Their plan of
operation was simple. They would ex
amine the title to California property.
find it clear, secure forged deeds and
forged acknowledgments and really
file them for record here. Then, with
the abstract of title clear, they would
negotiate in various cities for other
property. Once the deal was consum
mated they would dispose of the- newly
acquired property at a sacrifice, pocket
the proceeds and move to somejother
city to repeat the operation.
The deal for which Anderson was ar
rested was the transfer by means of
forgred deeds of property owned in this
part of the State by Mrs. Mary Gri.<=
wold. whose ton v.as killed by robbers
in the attempt to hold up a Santa
llonica electric oar here two years ago.
Anderson traded her property to W. R.
Homan. a wealthy citizen of Omaha,
securing ?72<X> cash and a mortgage for
nearly as much more. He sold the mort
•gaze ar<3 moved to Kansas City, where
ho dealt in property in many of the
srrralif- r towns throughout Kansas, Ne
braska, Io\v» and Missouri, using
•forged de*»ds to Mrs. Oriswold's prop
ertv. Then he went to Chicago and re-
peated the operations.
He returned here about ten days a?ro
and under the name of D. S. Spring
has been living at Long Beach. His
manner of securing the forgeries was
to induce a female member of his gang
to- represent herself a? Mrs. Griswold
fcefore a veil-known notary public here
and secure the latter* s attestation to
rhp signature. Papers found among his
eJTects show that he was interested in
the transfer of 25.000 acres of land near
Beaumont, Ter.. ar.d he holds five notes
for $7000 each signed by W. P. Bowles
of Beaumont
Anderson will be prosecuted here for
forgery ar.d if the officers fail to con
vict he will be f»rr.t to one of the half
a dozen cities In which he is badly
wanted.
I"ncl c 'Bijab uas a great sufferer from
rheumatism
"'Why don't you do something for it,
uncle?" asked one of his white neigh
bors.
•'Dat's what I's doin', boss. Takln' it
right alone."
"Is It helping you any?"
"Not rit. but it w<!l. De man I git it
fum Fay it boun' to knock it out.''
"How long have you been taking the
mrdlcine?"
" 'Bout fo' yeahs."
"Fcur years? And it hasn't cured
vou? Why don't you quit it and try
something else?"
"Boss." said Uncle 'Bijah, "I's had
dis rheumatiz fawty-fo' yeahs. To*
don't 'epeck I kin git Bh*t on it all to
■wur.Et. do yuh?" — Chicago Tribune.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
cf the most vtabborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved sad eventually
• cured by tbe use of
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. 2 It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
perms that cause skm diseases, it
. a!lov.-s Nature to restore a healthy
" skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 1 2 years. Booklet on request.
SoM Hr leading drrcr'st* or tr!«l
bott'c tent prepaid on receipt of sj cents.
• , 61 O Prince St., New York.
: Two kinds of goods and
trade; a bargain's a bargain
and monevback. One makes*
friends, and the other loses
'em.
Schilling's Best at your
grocer's.
WARSHIPS READY
FOR MANEUVERS
Twelve American Vessels Are
Now at Gaantanamo Prepar
ing for the Sea Trials
OFFICERS TRANSFERRED
Many Sailors Have Been 111
With Measles and Small
pox, but All Are Convalescent
GUANTANAMO, Cuba, Feb. 21. — A
dozen United States warships are here
preparing for the maneuvers. Lieuten
ant Commander William H. Allen of
the converted gunboat Vixen has been
ordered to command the monitor Am
phitrite, and all the officers of the
Vixen have been ordered to the monitor
■with the exception of Lieutenant Will
iam R. Cushman, Ensign John H.
Jackpon and Surgeon Richardson, who
will retain their Quarters on the gun
boat. The Vixen will act as a tender
to the fleet. Lieutenant Commander E.
H. Tillrr.an of the Amphitrite, Lieuten
ant Halstead of the Scorpion and En
sign C. Cook of the Abcrenda are home
ward bound. The colliers Evelyn,
Doris and Louis Luckenback are coal-
Ing the battleships for the maneuvers,
which will b?gin Tuesday next.
A camp of marine's will be estab
lished at McCalla Hill and marines will
replace the Cubans who are now in
charge of the harbor lights. The work
of the Cubans is considered unsatis
factory. Much work has been done In
sounding: for the foundation of the dry
dock and in fixing ranges. A spindle
has been erected off Carvalda Point.
There are twenty-three, cases of
measles on board the battleship Maine
and one on the converted cruiser Yan
kee. There is also one case of smallpox
isolated on a barge. All of the sick are
reported convalescent.
♦ 4.
JAPAN TO SINK RUSSIAN CRUISERS
Continued From Page J, Column 4.
the Russian naval forces In the Far
East badly scattered, there has been
much speculation as to what would be
come of the Russian cruiser at Shang
hai. The agreement of the powers to
preserve neutrality in China makes this
question vitally important.
A neutral power has the right to or
der warships of a belligerent from its
borders. If China, exercising this priv
ilege of a neutral power, is not able to
enforce its demand, the powers that
have agreed to preserve and make ef
fective the neutrality of China, it is
believed here, will be bound to back
up the Chinese position, provided that
that position is sincerely directed to
ward the maintenance of neutrality.
It is pointed out that if the Russian
cruiser remain at Shanghai the Jap
anese fleet probably will swoop down
upon that port and attempt to go in
and destroy the Russian cruiser, as
was done at Chemulpo, where lay the
Variap: and the Korietz.
Foreign naval commanders, with the ■
exception of Commander Marshall of
the Vicksburg, are reported as having !
protested against the threat of Admiral j
Uriu. the Japanese commander, to at- ;
tack the harbor if the Russian ships I
did not come out. Korea, however. |
did not have a half-dozen powers back- !
ing up her declared neutrality.
It is believed here by some that the .
action of China, if she demands the j
Russian cruiser's withdrawal, will be j
supported by the powers, most of !
which have warships at Shanghai
MALTA. Feb. 21.— The United States
torpedo destroyer flotilla, consisting of
the Decatur. Dale. Barry, Chauncey
and Eainbridge, convoyed by the^cruis
er Buffalo, under command of Lieuten
ant Lloyd H. Chandler, sailed to-day
for Port Said.
WARSHIPS BOMBARD DURATE
Continued From Pa^e 1, Column 1. j
an, attack on the vessels, and a battery
fire was opened on the revolutionists.
This was followed up by the debark
ation of 400 marines and bluejackets
from the Columbia and the Newark,
j who made a successful landing ashore.
j They dislodged the Insurgents from
j their positions and chased them into
' the country. After accomplishing this
j the marines and bluejackets took again
to their boats and returned to their
ships. One man. a bugler named
Painter, was seriously wounded by the
accidental explosion of his firing piece.
There were no other casualties.
Close attention is being given by ad
j ministration officers to affairs in Santo
Domingo. A number of warships are
being kept in the waters of that coun
try, so that American Interests may
be zealously protected in cases of
trouble between the regular government
and the Insurgents. Forcible interfer
ence In the affairs of the country, how
ever, have been avoided up to this
time, as far as news received by the
department is concerned.
Marines from the United States, cruis
er Columbia remained stationed at
Pajarito. near Santo Domingo City, un
i til late this afternoon, when they with
j drew. During the occupation the In
surgents withdrew to a great distance.
The shells from the cruiser Newark
caused some damage In Pajarito and
the surrounding country.
A protest signed by prominent citi
zens has been distributed to the public
against the action of the United States
warship, which it describes as an Inso
lent outrage against the liberty of the
republic and a disgrace to th» national |
dignity. The Newark left this afternoon
for Guantanamo. :
| President Morales arrived here to
j day. The day passed quietly, but to- I
j night firing began at the west gate of
the'dty. '
SANTO DOMINGO. Feb.' 16.— Tester- •
day a French merchant steamer en- '
tered the river, convoyed by a launch j
from the United States cruiser Colum- ■
bla. The rebels abstained from firing j
on the vessel. This morning the Gov- j
ernment troops attacked the rebels out- '
side the city and severe fighting en- j
sued, lasting many hours. The rebels I
were forced to retire, leaving many
killed and wounded on the field. The
action resulted in a complete victory I
for the Government, and the siege of!
the city is considered to have been j
raised. , t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. FEBRUARY 22. 1904.
NEWS OF HIS APPOINTMENT
FINDS JUDGE GARBER SICK
Distinguished Jurist Is Too 111 to Discuss for Publica
tion His Selection for Panama Canal Commissionership,
but It Is Ascertained That the Honor Was Not Expected
EMINENT SAN FRANCISCO LAWYER WHO HAS BEEN CHOSEN BY
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT TO SERVE AS ONE OF THE SEVEN
MEMBERS OF THE PANAMA CANAL COMMISSION.
Local political and legal circles are
much interested in President Roose
velt's announcement that he had de
cided to appoint Judge John Garber a
Panama Canal Commissioner, pro-
viding the distinguished Jurist would
accept the position. While the friends
of Judge Garber hope he will not re
ject the tribute to his professional and
personal worth thus tendered by the
nation's chief magistrate, and are urg
ing him to accept it, his decision is not
likely to be made public for some time,
as he is sick abed at his home, in
Berkeley, and in no condition to give
the subject the consideration its im-
portance demands.
Judge Garber was too ill to be inter
viewed yesterday, but from a member
of his household it was learned that the
news wired to him by Senator Perkins
caused a complete surprise, as the re
cipient of the dippatch had given the
matter no thought. A few months ago
there was a newspaper report that
Judge Garber had been recommended
to the President for appointment to the
Canal Commission; but, as the story
wns not authenticated, it was not given
serious attention by its subject. The
intelligence from Washington last
Saturday must have been made all the
more surprising to Judge Garber by
the fact that he had not been recom
mended by Senators Perkins and Bard,
although they at once admitted to the
SHOOTS AT A BIRD;
KILLS AN ENGINEER
Member of Crew of Revenue Cutter
ArcatA Is Victim of Unfortunto
Accident.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Feb. 21.
—The news reached here to-day that
on Friday while the revenue cutter
Arcata was lying at the Friday har
bor dock her crew amused themselves
by shooting at passing ducks with a
rifle. A bird passed over the vessel
and a coal passer named Alfred Goebel
leveled his rifle at it Just aa William L.
Sayre, one of the warrant engineers,
came into range. The heavy bullet
ploughed through the head of the un
fortunate man, entering at the base of
the skull and coming out at the mouth,
killing him Instantly. The Coroner's
Jury exonerated Goebel, who is fran
tic with grief. Sayre had been several
years In the revenue service and left
a wife at San Francisco.
BUYS A PISTOL AND
KILLS HIMSELF AT ONCE
J. W. Rriggs of Pinole Concludes a
Visit at Modesto by Commit
ting Suicide. f ..:
MODESTO. Feb. ? 21. — J. W. Briggs
committed suicide here to-day shortly
before noon.' He was visiting relatives
and was to have gone to Lodi to at
tend the funeral of a nephew this af
ternoon. Just before train time he
left the home of his brother-in-law
and went to a hardware store, where
he purchased a revolver. Saying fare
well to the salesman he placed the re
volver to his head and fired a bullet
through his brain. Death resulted im
mediately. No cause for the suicide
is known. Briggs had been chief engi
neer of the Pinole Powder Works for
six years. He leaves a.wife, a son and
two daughters, who have resided in
Modesto for years.
i ■ ♦ ■ ,—
"Why does she go to Europe so
often?" For the joy of trying to bring
things back free of duty."— Chicago
Post. • . \ !
President his fitness for the place. In
deed it looks as if Judge Garber were
the President's personal choice, the re
sult of an esteem won when he was in
Washington, about a year ago, on Su
preme Court business and became ac
quainted with the President, the late
Senator Hanna and other men close to
the administration.
. It is generally believed that Judge
Garber's proved legal ability was his
chief recommendation to the President j
for the the commissionership. for legal !
as well as engineering talent will be
needed on the commission. Indeed the
enactment of laws for the government
of the canal zone is likely to devolve
upon the commissioners, and one good
lawyer at least will be necessary on the
board.
It was given out last evening at the
Garb?r residence, in Berkeley, that
Harry T. Creswell had spent the. after
noon with his sick law partner, and
'that he would probably be able to fur
nish some enlightenment as to Judge
Garber's intention as to the appoint
ment. At the Creswell residence, .on
Webster street in this city last night,
it was announced that Mr. Creswell
had returned from his visjft a very sick
man. and that his physician forbade
him talking to any one.
The President will Eend his seven
nominations for ianal commissioners to
the Senate next Wednesday, the day
after the ratification of the'' canal
treaty.
ANOTHER ISTHMIAN
CANAL IS PROPOSED
Dr. Mariano Medina Seeks American
Capital to Construct Waterway
Across Teh nan tepee Country.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 21.— Dr. Mari'
ano Medina has gone to the United
States for the purpose of Interesting
capitalists In a project for constructing
an Inter-oceanic canal across this coun
try south of the isthmus of Tehuan
tepec, taking advantage of several
rivers which can be deepened and made
navigable. The estimated cost of the
enterprise Is $200,000,000. The project is
entirely private.
INSURGENT ALBANIANS DISPERSING
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
The Bulgarian people have unanimous
ly expressed warm sympathy for Rus-
sia.
"It is unfortunate that Turkey per
sists In her regrettable hostility. Be
sides the annoying police measures she
has taken against our people, our com
merce suffers serious obstacles; and
finally, the continued concentration of
Turkish troops along our rrontier and
the moblization of troops at strategic
points Is menacing us."
Zoltovitch said there was a war party
In Constantinople which had a prepon
derating influence, and quoted from
consular reports to the effect that the
Turks feared a military Insurrection If
war with Bulgaria were not; declared.
"In the light of these facts," Zolto
vitch continued, "it Is natural that Bul-
garia, too, should- be preparing." •
It; is understood. the powers are con
sidering simultaneous representations
to Constantinople and Sofia to compel
a limitation upon armament.
The Turkish embassy Is authorized
to* state categorically that the Ottoman
Government has not given any orders
Xor the mobilization of - troops. ...
PREFERS DEATH
TO A REPULSE
Los Angeles Ma,n Follows
Young Woman Home and on
Being Rejected Kills Himself
FALLS DEAD AT HER FEET
Suicide Was Separated From
His Wife and Held a Re
sponsible Business Position
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21. — Because
the girl upon whom he had been trying
to force his attentions refused to per
mit him to accompany her home from
a country dance near Norwalk, in ttfie
southern end of this county, Percy C.
Calhoun of this city followed Miss
Pearl Grover and her uncle four mile£
in a buggy early this morning and,
arriving at her uncle's house, was
granted an interview by her. After a
few minutes "conversation he drew a
revolver and threatened first to kill her
and then, suddenly turning the weapon
upon himself, sent .a bullet through his
head and feU dead at her feet
, Calhoun was a married man, but had
separated 'from his wife. Miss Grover
is a pretty stenographer, 22 years of
age. She did not know that Calhoun
was married until to-day, when the
dead man's wife gave directions as to
the disposition of the body. ~ .V'
Calhoun occupied a responsible posi
tion in the office of the Home Tele
phone Company of this city. He was
of a wild disposition _ and had been
paying court to a number of young
women. Particularly did he pursue Miss
Grover and when, on Saturday after
noon, he learned that she had gone to
Norwalk to visit her uncle, Dr. J. S.
Grover, a wealthy resident of that part
of the county, he followed her. Ar
riving- there, he learned that she had
gone to a dance, and he followed her.
She repulsed his advances and refused
to ride home with him. He followed her
in his own buggy, and when she agreed
to talk to him he demanded that she
return at once to Los Angeles with
him. When he threatened her she
coolly replied that she was not afraid
of him. With the remark that he
would make her remember that night
as long as she lived he then blew out
his brains. \^
Miss Grover fell in a faint beside his
body ar.d when her relatives reached
the porch it was Supposed that both had
been shot. Calhoun died instantly. Miss
Grover is now under the care of a phy
sician, suffering from nervous prostra
tion.
Northern Streams Are Swollen.
GAZELLE, Cal., Feb. 21. — The snow
of yesterday changed to a heavy rain
that fell steadily all night and through
the day. This evening Shasta River
and Yreka Creek are at their highest
while Quartz and Willow Creeks are
higher than at any time for fourteen
years. Rain still continues.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
< ' ( \,*ipiif^|,_
1 B t *^»l§liliii!li
•0^- M
'• '.' .• '. ■"■ v' : r-; .- .•<.' • i.''-"?*J sy
! ft© (£<n>inraim©!m<©ir*<si'fe© . B&%
j :t .H © •"■to n ir ft-Iln off ."■ ' §|H
SINGER ELOPES
AND IS CAUGHT
Pretty Soprano of a Church
in Washington Is Arrested as
She Meets Her Companion
DESERTS FIVE CHILDREN
Man Weeps When He Learns
That He Must Go Back to
Face the Irate Husband
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 21.— When Mrs.
Addie Downs, the soprano of the Meth
odist Church choir in Winlock, Wash.,
stepped off the train here this morning
she was arrested on a charge of eloping
from her home with Carl Alvord. and
leaving a husband and five children be
hind her. Mrs. Downs, who is a pretty
woman about 30 years of age. denied
the accusation vehemently, and the of
ficers were nonplused, being unable to
find Alvord on the train. As they
passed out of the depot entrance Al
vord called to the woman from a cab
in which he was sitting, and he was
arrested. The couple then denied any
acquaintanceship with each other, but
Alvord finally admitted that he had ad
vanced Mrs. Downs money for her tick
et. Later, when he heard he was to
be returned to Winlock. he wept, saying
that the woman's husband would surely
kill him.
SOXOMA COUNTY HAS
RAIN IN ABUNDANCE
More Than Twenty-Eijrht Inches Have
Fallen This Season and Farm
Work Is Retarded.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 21.— This city
and vicinity was treated to-day to a
generous downpour. Beginning with a
fine mist early in the morning, the rair.
ipcreased until it became quite a storm
during the afternoon. There has been
no ces«ation at any time during the
day. The record for the present sea
son fs over twenty-eiirht inches, and
instead of praying for rain, as South
ern California has been doing, this city
will soon be compiled to ask for a
cessation of the downpour. The pres
ent rain is seriously retarding farm
work in this vicinity. The ground was
getting into good condition for culti
vation before the present rain, but it
will require several days now to regain
its former condition before farmers will
bo able to plow. Grass is making
pplendid headway and fs many Inches
high. Early sown grain never looked
better and everything points to a most
successful season for fruits and grains.
Evangelist to Lecture.
The Rev. J. Campbell Morgan, suc
cessor of the late Dwight L. Moody,
will begin n series of services on March
1? at the First Congregational Church
which will continue until the ISth inst.
This will be the first appearance of this
noted evangelist in San Francisco.
SENATOR'S BODY
TO ENTER TOMB
Remains of Mr. Hanna TVill Be
Taken to the Final Best
ing Place Without Ceremony
FAMILY TO BE PRESENT
Widow of the Dead States
man Has Been 111 Since the
Funeral, but Is Improved
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Feb. 21.—To
morrow afternoon without unnecessary
ceremony the casket containing the re
mains of the late Senator Hanna will
be placed in the tomb and all that is
mortal of the dead statesman will have
been hidden from the eyes of his fam
ily and the world. The members of the
family will be present when the casket
is taken from the receiving vault, and
in all probability will be the only wit
nesses to the final disposition of the
remains of their kinsman.
Mrs. Hanna, who has been ill since
the funeral services on Friday, is ex
pected to be able to attend, but in cas-;
she is still unable to leave her home it
is probable that the body will be per
mitted to repose in the vault until
her health is improved sufficiently to
permit of her presence at the ceme
tery.
MILITIA FROM DENVER
LEAVE TELLURlDn 5nXE
Local Troops Will Succeed and
the Military Restrictions Will
Continue.
TELLURIDE, Colo.. Feb. 21. — Ma
jor Hill and about forty members of the
Denver troop of the Colorado Na
tional Guard left for their homes to
day. Their places were taken by the
local troops, of which Bulkeley Wells*,
manager of the Smuggler-Union mine
here, is in command. Captain Welte
succeeds Major Hill in command oC
the military forces here. No definite
plans have been anounced for a with
drawal of the military from San Mi
guel County and It cannot be stated
Just when martial law will end.
Russians Balk Consul Miller.
TINKOW. Feb. 21.— All of United
States Consul Miller's efforts to arrange
for his representative to meet the Japa
nese refugees at Newchwang have
failed. The obstacles which the vice
regal and civil administrations placed
in his way seemed to Indicate that it is
the intention of^the authorities to con
trol and remove the refugees so as to
prevent their lodging complaints and
laying evidence of their treatment be
fore foreigners.
No Fun in It. — "Oh. it's no fun belns
engaged to him," she said bitterly.
•'Why not*" asked her dearest
friend.
"Why, when you stir up a little
quarrel Just to drive away the ennui,
he takes it seriously and keeps you
■worried for fear you've really lost
him." — Chicago Post.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
MAKES A RACE
AGAINST DEATH
Patient Escapes From a Hos
pita! to Write His Will.
Thinking the End Is Near
• — —
TERRORIZED BY OPERATION
— * 1
]n tin* Parknrs.N and Storm
the Suffering Man Plods and
Wins by I! is Game Struggle
ALAMEDA. Feb. 21.— Suffering ter
rible pain from the effects of a capital
operation and bent upon making: his
last wiM and testament for fear that
he was ner.r death. John Moutares es
caped from tho Alameda Sanitarium
at 2 o'clock this morning scantily
« loihed and after traveling fifteen
blocks in a drizzling: rain secured the
necessary stationery and framed the
document disposing of his property.
This d<<ne the gritty patient collapsed.
Hortare?. who is tho owner of a
ranch of 160 acres tn RedVrooiI Canyon.
on which be lived :i::<2 farmed, wns
brought to the Alameda Sanitarium
last week feeble from a chronic stom
ach ailment of long ri ending. Several
days ajro he submitted himself to the
Fisrpeon's knife ar.d since that time
Momares has been restless and in
dread that the outcome of the opera
tion would be fatal. This morning at
3 o'clock when the nurse had left his
room the patient arote from his cot
and without coat or vest flipped out
of the sanitarium and started for Hifth
street to find the home of Mrs. Louis
Kamrr.erer.
HALTED BY POl.ICKMAX.
I'pon reaching Park street and Enci
nal avenue Muntares was halted by
Policeman J. A. Blunk, who questioned
the man as to why he was not fully
clothed ar.d also concerning his desti
nation. Montares explained that he
had but recently left the Alameda Sani
tarium, where he asserted his wife had
underwent an operation and that he
was then on his way to his home on
H}ph street. Blunk. satisfied with the
man's statement, allowed him to con
tinue on his way. When Montares ar
rived at the house formerly occupied
by Mrs. Louis Kamme>er he found that
she had rr.ove-d to 2416 Webb avenue,
adjoining the Fire Department house.
He retraced h'.s steps and arrived at
that place about 4 o'clock. '
After arousing Mrs. Kammerer and
her friend, Mrs. William Arr.heim,
Montares said that he desired to make
his will immediately. The women vis
ited the firehouse and were furnished
with red ink and paper by Carl Helm
stein and Andrew Nissen. Returning
to the Kammerer residence they drew
tip the statement as Montares directed.
EKAVKS ALL TO CIHLDUFX.
In it the testator divided his ranch,
niulfs and cows among his children by
his first wife, now divorced. When the
will was completed and signed Mon
tsres fainted. The city ambulance was
summon*^! and he was aeain conveyed
lo the Alarr.eua Sanitarium
When Mor.tares arrived at the Ram
merer home he was very 'weak from
lors of blood, the incision caused by
the rarseon'c kr.ife having been opened
Through the violert/exereise taken by
tht? patient while traversing fifteen
blocks as fast as he was able. Mon
tarcs is about 4 years of age and is
well /known to Alamedans who visit
Redwood Canyon during the outir.g
season. Because of his remarkable en
durance the attending physicians say
that Montares may yet live many
years.
ixjiniEs or vouxg
LABORER PROVE FATAL
Charles Hnsselkus Dies at Hospital
Aftor Having Been Struck by
Trains at West Oakland.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— Charles Has
selkus. a young laborer, died at noon
to-day at the Receiving Hospital from
injuries he suffered last night by be
ing struck by trains at Sixteenth-street
station. HasseUcua jumped from a
freight train in front of the Berkeley
local train ar.d was hurled back
apainst a boxcar. His right arm and
rlpht leg were broken and he sus
tained internal injuries that proved
to be fatal. The Coroner took charge
of tho case. Hasselkua was 26 years
'jid and a native of Ohio.
Missionary Society Meeting.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— The twelfth an
nual metinc of the V.'omen's Metho
dist Foreign Missionary Society, Oak
land district, will be held Wednesday
;;t the Chester-ctreet Methodist Church.
During the sessions addresses will be
delivered by Mrs. Louise. _I31a.ckmar
Gilder. Miss Josephine Marcton, Mrs.
George W. White. Miss Ella Hewitt!
Charles C. Lombard, Mrs. Coorge R
Fmyth, Mrs. F. J. Masters and Mrs]
Owen Hotie. Reports wil! be read by
Mrs. J. J. Prr.ith, Mrs. Charles \.
.Smith and Mrs. M. C. Hackley. Mrs.
Fannie Harvey. Mi«s Hart and Dr.*
3vate liushnc!! will conduct the devo
tfoz-ia! services. The district offlcer
an?: President. Mrs. Robert' R^mley;
vice president. Mrs. A. L. Baker; re
cording secretary, Mrs. Owen Hotle*
••orrospor.diriS sccrttsry, Mrs. Charies
A. Smi-ih; treasurer. Mrs. M. C. Hack
ley; superintendent Y. W. and S. B.,
Mr*. J. J. Smith; superintendent junior
nr.u K. H.. Mr?. A. C. Stevens.
Students Will Celebrate.
OAKLAND. Fob. 21.— The students of
Mills College will celebrate Washing
ten's Eirthday to-morrow afternoon
and eveninrr. Mrs. Mills will give a
dinner to the students and a number
of Invited -guests, and a colonial en
tertainment ar.d dance wJll be held in
the evening.
OnkLuid Artisi Wins Praise.
OAKLAND, Feb. 2L— A picture by
G. W. Rabjohn of this city is attract
ing 'onsiderab'e attention at the Oak
iend Art Fund exhibit. Th<? picture is
aFccne on the Millard ranch, near San
Gf-ronimo, and is entitled **A Wood In
■ t _ t .
X v J • - 1 • *
BURGLARS TAKE
TO THEIR HEELS
F. IF. Pitman Catches Them
in the Act of Opening Win
dow of His Home at Night
SEEK SAFETY OX A CAB
Vehicle Whirls Thieves Out
of Harm's Way While Their
Victim Stands Chagrined
Berkeley Office Ran Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Feb. 21.
F. II. Pitman, superintendent of the
Judson Iron Works, came near catching
two burglars at his home last night, at
1601 Oxford street. Only an Oxford
street car that happened to be passing
paved the men from cap'.ure, for they
boarded if just in the nick of time, and
wore whirled away to safetv.
Pitman hoard a noise coming from
the first floor of his. home at 9 o'clock
in tho night and hurried down stairs,
pistol in hand, to see what it was about.
When he looked into the front room he
saw two men trying to raise the win
dow, one helping the other work a
■jimmy." .Pitman yelled to the men to
halt, threatening at the same time to
firo, but they took to their heels.
Before Pitman could get outside the
front door to lire at the fugitives a
car came along on Oxford street, and
the "burglars hurriedly placed them
selves between Pitman and it to pre
vent his shooting at them. Then, when
the car reached them, they got aboard
and rode away, leaving Pitman very
much chagrined.
The conductor of the car noticed that
the men arted suspiciously, but did not
arrest them. When they paid their fare
they were careful to conceal their faces,
so that he could not see them.
BURGLAR LEAVES TRAIL
OF BLOOD BEHIND III3I
Breaks Into Two Houses and Tract's
of Gore Tell of II is Pres- .
once in Kach.
ALAMEDA, Feb. '21.— There is a bur
glar with a gory hand plying his illegal
work in this city and last night two
houses were entered, in both of which
traces of the thief with the bloody fin
pers were found by the police. The
first residence reported as having been
broken into and ransacked is that oc
cupied by Mrs. R. B. Branch, 1713 Santa
Clara avenue. While the owner was
absent from the place between 5 and 6
o'clock the -thief effected an entrance
by smashing a glass panel in a side
door and turning the lock from the
inside. In the breaking of the glass
panel the burglar must have cut his
hand, for there were spots of blood on
the floor of the rooms he Visited and
on the bureaus he opened. The thief
discovered nothing that struck his
fancy and departed
This morning at 3 o'clock Mrs. Gus
Koch of 1350 San Antonio avenue no
tified the police station by telephone
that her home had been looted while
she was at a party. An investigation
of the residence revealed traces of gore
in the rooms ransacked, and this leads
the authorities to believe that the bur
glar is the same one who entered the
Branch house. There was a lot of sil
verware and some jewelry stolen from
the Koch residence. The burglar used
a jimmy in prying open the front door.
A. M. Lusk of 1617 Clinton avenue has
reported that his home was robbed Fri
day night and that a lady's gold watch
and chain and a gold stick pin were
carried away. '.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Feb. 21.— Dr. William XV.
Campbell of the Lick Observatory will address
the students at the Students' Observatory at
11 o'clock on Tuesday. 'His subject will be
••The Position of the Heavenly Bodies In
?iiace."
Miss Ann Misrhier. 'C5. will be the leader at
the meeting of the Young Women's Christian
Association Tuesday afternoon at 4:15 o'clock
In stiles Hall. She will epeak upon "Are We
One in Christ Jesus?"
The varrlty nine will meet the St. Mary's
College nine Wednesday afternoon on th.
camera.
Tl'. meeting of the Young Men's Christian
Association on Thurs»day afternoon in Btllea
Hall will be .vJ.li. .*-¦ ,1 by Harry 1. Stcddard.
'<«. Ills subject will bo "Our Many Obliga
tions to the Association."
Dr. K. P. Lewis will addrens the Philosoph
ical 1'nlon at 8 o'clock Friday evening- in the
Philosophy building. Hp will opeak upon
"The Relation of Mind and Body." The mem
b«TP will discuss Professor George XV. Strat
tcn's paper of the previous meeting.
The Association of Collegiate Alumnae will
mf-et in Hearst Hall on Saturday. Luncheon
will be served at l'2:'.lft o'clock and the exer
ris.-s will be held at 2:30 o'clock. The ad
dresses will be delivered by Mlsa Katharine
Chandler of Stanford, president of the asso
ciation:' Professor A. F. Lange and Dr. Jes
sica Pcixotto. _
Burglaries in Xorth Oakland.
OAKLAND. Feb. 21.— Three resi
dences in the northern section of the
city were entered last night by a bur
glar who stole small amounts of money.
From W. P. Fine's house, 5S71 Marshall
street. Ransacking of Thomas Picton's
which contained 515 13, was taken from
W. C. Vinell's residence, 58G7 Marshall
street. Ransacking of Thomas Rocton's
home, DS8G Fremont street, yielded
$1 23. In each dwelling the burglar
crawled through an open window.
Dies on Electric Car.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 21.— Mrs. Katherine
Walsh, a domestic, aged 60 years, died
suddendy last evening at 549 Railroad
avenue. She was taken with a hemor
rhage of the lungs while on an electric
car. The woman had been employed
here for a year. She has relatives in
San Francisco, who will take charge
of the remains. An inquest in the case
will be held by Coroner H. B. Mehr
mann.
Ithtihnrh Growers Organize.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— The California
Rhubarb Growers' Association, whic!>
will handle the entire crop of rhubarb
grown in the vicinity of San Lorenzo,'
has been incorporated and the follow
ing board of directors elected: II. W.
Meek. A. S. Vager, D. W. Toffelmier!
B. F. Fanchson and XV. A. Perry. The
corporation controls C05 of the 670 acres
planted in rhubarb in the neighborhood
of Sari Lorenzo.
Why tvastc your time ut auctions? You can
buy ruiniture ch<\rt this week. H. Schellhaas"
corner store,- Eleventh styoakratia." ■- •• -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1904.
WORLD'S GREAT PHYSICIST
IS COMING TO BERKELEY
Professor Svante August Arrhenius Accepts Invitation to
Lecture at Summer Schoof of State University, Making
Fourth of Famous Scientists to Promise Their Services
DISTINGUISHED PHYSICIST WHO HAS ACCEPTED THE INVITA
- TION OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA TO PARTICIPATE
IN THE ACTIVITIES OF THE NEXT SUMMER SCHOOL.
BERKELEY, Feb. 21.— Professor
Svante August Arrhenius, the world's
greatest physicist, has accepted the in- (
vitation of the University of California
to participate in the activities of the
next summer school at Berkeley: This
means there will be brought together
in California four of the first scientists
in the world — Profcr.sor Jacques Loeb,
the biologist; Professor Hugo de Vrfes,
the botanist; Sir William Ramsay, the
chemist, and Dr. Arrhenius, the physi
cist. Such a gathering of great think
ers and investigators could hardly be
secured elsewhere in the world and
Californians next summer may. have
the opportunity of hearing these men
in the lecture room and laboratory.
Professor Arrhenius occupies the
chair of general physics at the Univer
sity of Stockholm, Sweden, besides
which he is at the head of the National
Serum Institute of his country. His
studying was conducted in part under
Professor Ostwald of Leipzig, the same
STUDENTS WILL
REMEMBER DEAD
Memorial Day at University
of California to Honor 3rcm
ory of Those That Have Gone
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Feb. 21. '
Faculty and students of the Univerj
sity of California will gather in Har
mon Gymnasium on Friday morning
next to pay tribute to the university's
dead. It will be the university's memo
rial day, and the anniversary of the
birthday of the late ■ Professor Joseph
Le.Conte, in whose honor the memo
rial day was founded. This occasion
will be particularly impressive, because
there have passed away within the last
year three men who were the asso
ciates of "Professor Joe" for a long
time— Professors Martin Kellogg, Felir.
cien Paget and L. Du Pont Syle.
Professor • William Carey Jones will
deliver the memorial address and Max
Thelen, president of the Associated
Students, will preside. The Glee Club
will sing two selections, and the invo
cation and benediction will be delivered
by a minister yet to be chosen. It wai
Intended to remount the Le Conte
memorial tablet at the Le Conte oakV
on the campus, but owingto some mis
understanding among the administra
tive officers of the university the gran
ite block promised for it could not be
procured in time.
> The committee in "charge of the arr
rangemerits consists o{ Arthur Trap
hagen, Miss.Bernice Woodburn and F;
J. Booth.' : ? '
Shall we 'Bend the navy#back to
make England .recognize the Dakota
divorce? Here' is a deadly, blow struck
at one of our leading Industries.—Chi
cago-News., , , . •;
distinguished scientist under whom Dr.
Loeb worked.
This scientist first achieved distinc
tion through the publication of his elec
trolytic disassociation theory in 18S7,
which in brief is an explanation of the
manner in which electricity separates
many substances from their elements.
The problem had received attention
from other investigators, but Professor
Arrhenius was the first to propose a
theory which would account for the
results obtained by himself and others'.
A complete revolution was then
worked, both in pure and applied
chemistry, by the theory and it is now
rapidly forcing its way into the sci-
ences of biology and medicine.
Professor 'Arrhenius' latest investiga
tions have been in the direction of the
application of serum to the cure of dis
ease. The results he has obtained in
this field he offers to give to the world
for the f.rst time in a course of lec
tures he will deliver at the summer
session.
ORGANIZE CLUB
AMONG LAYMEN
Episcopalians Call Meeting; at
Which They Will Unite for
Progress of Their Church
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 21.
Members of the Episcopalian
churches of Oakland and Alameda will
meet to-morrow evening at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church to organize a church
club of laymen, its prime object being
social, with attention to be give V n to
church extension work. Bishop Wil
liam Ford Nichols will attend the meet
ing.
Charles Hildersley, formerly leading
tsnor of Temple Church, London, has
been appointed choirmaster of the
Church of the Advent. East Oakland.
A Lenten mission to continue for a
week will be held this week at the
Church of the Immaculate "Conception.
! Services will be held day and night by
two Jesuits.
The Rev. Egerton Ryerson Young, a
former Indian missionary, delivered an
address to-day at the Eight-avenue
Methodist Church on "Trials and Tri
umphs "of Missionary Life."
The Rev. Thomas P. Boyd has com
menced a series of revival services at
Calvary Baptist Church.
J. G. White, president of the Young
Men's Christian Association of the
University of California, conducted a
young men's class this morning at the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church.
The Rev. Ben Sargent of Berkeley
preached to-day at the Fourth Con
gregational Church.
The Rev.. Raymond C. Brooks, pastor
of Pilgrim Congregational Church,' and
the Rev. B. M. Palmer of Fruitvale ex
changed pulpits to-day.
Th« pulpit, of the Second Congrega-
FOOTPAD BEATS
YOUNG WOMAN
After Attempting to Rob Her,
Brutal Alameda Highwayman
Strikes Miss Kate Cronin
SHE MAKES BRAVE FIGHT
Brutal Assault by a Thief,
Who Was Not Content With
Taking Hard-Earaed Money
ALAMEDA, Feb. 21.— Struck full in
the face repeatedly with the hard fist
of a footpad and knocked into the gut
ter, Miss Kate Cronin pluckily fought
off her assailant last night and by her
screams for help scared him so that
he ran from the scene of the attempted
holdup and escaped in the darkness.
The young lady's eyes were blackened
by the cowardly pummeling she re
ceived from the highwayman, but she
bravely held on to her purse, which the
thug attempted to wrest from her.
The encounter occurred at 12:C0
o'clock last night on Santa Clara ave
nue, near Pine street. Miss Cronin had
alighted from an electric car at the
corner of Santa Clara avenue and Park
street, having come from Oakland,
where she visited friends. She was
proceeding easterly along Santa Clara
avenue to the home of Mrs. Franz Col
lischonn, on Everett street and Central
avenue, where she is employed as
housekeeper. When Miss Cronin left
the. car on Park street she observed a
man standing on the corner, near the
office of the Alameda Land Company.
As she proceeded on her way home
ward he followed her. Near Pine street
she became alarmed and turned upon
her pursuer. As she did so he grabbed
at her purse and hit her several times
in the face,\ knocking her into the gut
ter. She cried out for assistance and
her assailant fled. Miss Cronin arose
and went back to Park street, -where
she met two gentlemen and told them
of what ' had happened. They con
sented to escort her to the Collischorm
home after she said that she did not
desire to report the affair to the police,
dreading the notoriety it would bring
her.
When seen at the Collischonn resi-
dence Miss Cronin said
"I first noticed the man when I got
off the car on Park street. When I
started to walk along Santa Clara ave
nue he followed me, but said nothing
that I heard. Near Pine street he
grabbed my purse as I turned to see
how close he was to me. He struck me
in the face a number of times and
knocked me down. Then I screamed
and he took to his heels. He was a
man below medium build with a dark,
pointed beard, and wore glasses. He
walked with a stoop and wore a dark
square-cut coat and black derby hat.
I think I would know him if I were to
see him again."
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
ALAMEDA. Feb. 21.— City Trustee Charles
J. Hammond Is confined to his home. 2125 Pa
cific avenue, with an attack of gastric fever.
At the last meeting of the No Name Whist
Club the following named took part in the
play: Mr. and Mrs. Charles Maeil. Judge and
Mrs. F. S. Cone. Mr. and Mrs. Emanuel Eyre
Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Culver. Theodore Flala!
E. E. Roberts, Charles L. Miller. Miss Alber
tine Schroeder, Miss Alma Schroeder Miss
Alice Ellery. Miss Annie Miller and Mrs.
Schroeder. The meeting- was held at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Culver, Central ave
nue ond Grovi: street. Thursday evening. Du
plicate wnist was played.
Nest Friday afternoon the decorative art
section of the Adelphlan Club will listen to a
talk on Oriental rugs to be given by J. A. Rob
inson of Pan Francisco.
Arrangements are being made by the Ger
man Ladles' Kellef Society for a whist tour
nament to be held In Enclnal Hall on the
evening of Mnrch 4.
Frank N. Dood. past president of California
Council of the Young Men's Institute, was
Friday night presented with a beautiful dia
mond lo?ket by the organization, the presenta
tion speech being made by W. W. Gogjrin.
MIm Marjorle Mocre and Hugh W. Brown
were Joined In wedlock at the home of the
bride's sister. Mrs. I. Ward Eaton. 1S35 San
Antonio avenue, Wednesday evening, the Rev.
Bradford Leavltt of Sar. Francisco officiating.
Robert McDonald, who was a classmate of
the groom at Stanford University, was best
man, Mrs. I. W. Eaton was matron of honor
and little Marjorle Scott was flower girl. Yel
low and red, the first the color of Stanford
ITnlversltx 1 and the second the color of Mills
College, of which the bride Is a graduate,
predominated In the decorations. During the
evening musical numbers, both Instrumental
and vocal, were tendered by Miss Daisy Doo
ley. Miss Steinhart. Mrs. Charles Barrett.
Clarence Wendell, Harry Lamberton, William
M. Clink and J. A. McGinnltty. Mr. and Mrs.
Brown will make their home in Tonopah, where
the groom is a practicing mining lawyer. He
19 also associated with the San Francisco law
firm of Campbell. Metson & Campbell. His
bride is the daughter of H. K. Moore of San
Francisco.
Washington's Birthday Observed.
OAKLAND, Feb. 21.— Washington's
and Lincoln's birthdays were celebrated
this afternoon at Cooper's Afri
can M. E. Zion Church. Addresses
were delivered by Thomas Pearson
and W. C. Lodd, and patriotic songs
were sung by the children of the Sun
day school. *
Brothers Curtis, Smith, Eger and Charlie,
on the spot, on duty at furniture sale, corner
of 11th and Franklin. H. Schellhaas, Oakland*
XAFA ELECTRIC ROAD
BUYS BLOCK OF LAND
Vallejo, Benicia and Napa Valley Lino
Will Locate Depot on the
Property.
NAPA, Feb. 21.— The Vallejo, Benicia
and Napa Valley Electric Railroad has
secured a bond to a block lying be
tween the Palace Hotel and the South
errn Pacific tracks with the exception
of the depot saloon property. . The land
thus secured was purchased from the
East Napa Company about two years
ago by J. A. MigHavacca at a nominal
price. It is reported that' he will triple
his money. A. P. Cross, assistant to
the president of the electric line, states
that the depot of the railroad will be
located on this property. Several deeds
for a right of way for the same road
have been filed with the County Re
corder during the past week.
tional Church was occupied to-day by
Professor John W. Buckham of Pacific
Theological Seminary.
During Lent Sunday evening lectures
will be delivered at St. John's Episco
pal Church by the Rev. Edgar F. Gee,
the rector. J\ ]:
Miss Clara Mayhew of the Chicago
Training School occupied the . pulpit
this . morning . at Golden . Gate Baptist
Church.
SOUTHERN TRIP
IS OF BENEFIT
Visitors to Los Angeles Sec
Good Result of Concerted
Effort for Its Improvement
SECRETARY IS SATISFIED
Edwin Stearns Says That the
Board of Trade Excursion
Has Accomplished Much Good
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Feb. 21.
The recent excursion to Los Angeles,
given by the Oakland Board of Trade,
has done much to stimulate those who
visited the southern city to an effort
to secure needed" improvements for
Oakland. They have seen that the peo
ple of Los Angeles have been able to is
sue bonds for the improvement of the
city and that the improvements have
been rapidly accomplished. The ex
cursion has also awakened new inter
est in the Oakland Board of Trade and
many of the business men that took
advantage of the excursion to visit Los
Angeles have, since their return, made
application for membership in the or
ganization. Edwin Stearns, secretary
of the board, is well satisfied with the
results of the excursion. He said:
It would be hard at present to estimate the
benefits of this trip to Los Angeles. Every
one that went on the excursion has returned
full of enthusiasm regarding the future of this
city. Our natural advantages are so far aheaii
of those ot'Lo? Ang*:!fs that no one can fall
to appreciate the good that may be accom
plished by a ccncr-rtetl effort on the part of the
citizens of Oakland. One of the direct results
of the excursion is a renewal of Interest In the
Oakland Hoard of Trade. At the meeting: of
the directors last Friday forty-one new names
were added to our membership roll, and sev
eral applications are now on file.
Even the ladles that went on the excursion
are eager to aid in the improvement of this
city, ami a number of them are already con
sidering the organization of a Ladles' Auxiliary
Improvement Association.
Emil Lehnhardt said:
The lesson of getting together has been thor
oughly taught, and the citizens of Oakland
will lend every aid in their power in carry-
Ing the bonds for city improvements. One
thing that struck me very forcibly while in
I.ios Angeles was the fact that the San Fran
cisco Call was the only paper to be had In
the south that contained any news of this
city.
Walter E. Logan said:
"We ought to build a special crematory for
the benefit of the mossbacks cf this city, and
then Oakland would stand a chance of going
ahead.
James J. O'Toole of the Elmhurst
Realty Company is enthusiastic over
the prospects of that suburb of Oak
land. He said:
In common phraseology, real estate business
is lively in Elmhurst. In reviewing existing
conditions, it can be sa'd that the d«mand for
property, both improved and unimproved, dur
ing the last twelve months has given a stimu
lus to the rpal estate business that looks well
for the current year. During the summer
months of the year llMiS there was not a va
cant house In Eimhurst, and the statement
that not less than one hundred people seeking
rental proDerty could not be accommodated
during that year is a very conservative esti
mate.
While the climaMc conditions of Elmhurst
are such that attract all classes of people,
and it is a fact that desirable modern resi
dences with spneious grounds have netted their
owners from $'240 to $400 per year, there are
many pretty and comfortable cottage homes
to be had from $10 to $15 per month. A vital
point worrh consideration — vital to the inter
ests of this section — I* the proposed railroad
development approaching Eimiiurst, a leading
factor that is quickening real estate values
and increasing the population steadily.
It is safe to say that there is at this time
being concentrated the attention and effort of
railrcad capital in the direction of Elmhurst
from two distinct sources. For this there is no
cause for query or comment; indeed it is
rather cause for wonder that this co'ndltion
has not obtained sooner; it will require but a
thought and a slight understanding of condi
tions to convince any one that In the present
rapid growth of the •'suburbs of Oakland"
Elmhurst is destined to become one of the
most thickly populated districts surrounding
the bay. These statements being true, it \/
evident that as competition and rivalry In
transportation become sharpened and Intensi
fied Elmhurst will attract attention and de
velopment.
At present there exists an activity in the
bulldlns line and sanitary improvement in
Elmhurst rnor* marked than has ever before
been known tn Its history: the subdivision
of a number of large tracts of land, the build
ing of many new houses, an adequate addition
to our public school to be voted for by the
people (and which will undoubtedly carry),
the contemplation of the erection of another
lodge and assembly hill and several new stores
and the construction, now under way. of a
modern sewerage system (by private capital)
sufficiently large to drain nearly the entire
district. The Inquiries through the mail in
numerous quantities daily denote that develop
ment hus tegun, and I am convinced that the
future prospects for the growth of Elmhurst
are good.
FAMED MASTER
OF CUMBERLAND
IS SUMMONED
NEW BEDFORD. Mass.. Feb. 21. —
Commander William P. Randall. U.
S. N., retired, died at his home in this
city to-day, aged 71 years. Assigned
as acting master on the frigate Cum
berland during the Civil War, he par
ticipated in the battle with the Mer
rimac and was credited with having
fired the last shot from the frigate
before she was sent to the bottom.
After the war he entered the navy as
ensign and served in various capaci
ties until 1882 when he was retired.
During the Spanish war he served as
executive officer of the receiving ship
Wabash.
Chicago's "Cupid"' Dead.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 21. — Justice
J. C. Murphy of Chicago died at the
Sisters' Hospital in this city to-day.
Justice Murphy came to Los Angeles
several months ago to visit hia son,
who is president of this city. About
ten days ago he fell from a street car
and sustained injuries from which, in
his enfeebled state of health, he was
unable to rally.
Justice Murphy was famous in Chi
cago as the "Marrying Justice," hav
ing performed the marriage ceremony
for hundreds of couples.
Veteran Comedian Is Dead.
FLAT ROCK, Mich., Feb. 21. — Owen
Fawcett, the veteran comedian, died
to-night of Bright's disease at hia
home here, aged 66 years.
"The solar system. is monarchy with
the sun as autocrat. Our sideral uni
verse is a republic, a federation with
out a dominating authority," says
Flammarion.
The dahlia was introduced into Eu
rope for the value of its bulb as a sub
stitute for the Irish potato, which it
resembles when baked.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL !>'
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
II1S Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
. BERKELEY.
21 IS Center Street.
Telephone North "".
ALA31EJDA. .
J435 Part Street-
Telephone Kafflo 503.
FILLS WOMAN'S
DAY WITH LIFE
Activities of the Go-Eds May
Kob George Washington of
Some of If is Own Lnster
PLEASURE FOR EVERY HOUK
Men Students of University
Will Be Idle While Their
Associates Entertain Them
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Feb. 21.
So manv activities are scheduled for
woman's day at the University of Cali
fornia to-morrow that the Father of
His Country will not get a chance to
march his revolutionary hosts across
the campus. And instead of its wonted
holiday quiet the university will take
on more of the work day clothes and
show how even a holiday can be dese
crated by labor and pleasure.
In the first place the women students
are going to place on the market the
literary production of the college year —
the woman's number of the Occident.
This paper has been compiled by Miss
Virginia Whitehead. its editor, and a
corps of assistant editors. Those that
have seen it say it surpasses any of the
efforts of th» men. The number will be
put on sale at the Occident office during
the day, and in the evening it will have
a booth all by itself in Hearst Hall.
Then there will be the basket-ball
game between the alumni and the var
sity teams on the Hearst Hall courts.
Everybody will be allowed to see the
game, men as well as women, and a
swift contest Is expected. The teams
will line up the following players:
Alumnae — Miss Alice Farm, Miss Emma Sto
ver. Mls3 Ethel Cottnn. Mrs. Alma Xeedham.
Miss Adele I'lacc. Mis.i May Holworth. Mr*.
Hoag, Mias Kleanor Taicott, ili.*a Winifred
Osborne.
Varf-ity— Miss Mary Shafter. Miss Dah'.ia
Spencer. Miss Lolla Boynton. Miss Florence
Athman. Miss Aurra L*-e. Mi 33 Marie Griffith,
Miss Lilian WYitfhi. Miss Mary Risney, Miss
Lili:in William*. StlM Irma Well!, Miss Irene
Kurions. Miss Alice Joy.
There will be tennis games in the aft
ernoon., but the names of those tnat
will pfay will not be known until to
morrow. A game for the college cham
pionship had been aranged, but an ac
cident to one of the contestants made a
change of programme necessary.
In the evening a colonial ball will be
given in Hearst Hall. There will be
fancy dresses and powdered hair and
Revolutionary dames in great number.
There will be a number of booths, too,
from which things will be sold to the
unwary. The various committees in
charge of the booths are as follows:
Pi:rltan booth— Mi?»es Bella Coclidge. Miry
Oriswolil. Frances Huffard. Gertrude Moshsr,
Hazel Hobson, Helen Staples. Louise Held,
I^ouise liauer. Hazel Skinner. Kva Earle. Ann
Thatcher, Grace I>erby. Hitrna Jones.
Dutch booth — Miauls Lucretia Gross. Altee
O'Connell. Charlotte Ca«e. Carmel Ri!ey. Alice
Penger. Eva Martz. Ada Shreve. I-r.raine Orf.
Kleanor Ga.isoway, Alice tlerry. Beatrice Need
ham. Effle I "roll.
Colonial booth — Misses KiUabeth Arneill,
Ivoui.*e Ehrmann, Kva Gray, Beatrice Snow,
Kdna Wild*-. (Mara Walton. Phoeh<» Rinney.
Myrtle Sims. Florence TVard. Sarah McLean,
Kubena J»-ss. Edna »"urtis. Mary Lynch.
Indian booth — Misses Zoe Zartman. Mabel
Scofleld. Marion Lenle, Henrietta Wade. Celesta
I .a Coste. Edna Keye*. lWi>n WVeks. Zoe Ri
ley, Lena Stansberg, Ada Johnson, NelUa Wil.
lia. Johanna Prultt.
Occident booth — Miss Virginia Whltehead and
members of the staff of woman's' day insue.
Reception committee — Miss Mary Mart°n
steln. Gladys Wtckson. Gladys Meyer. Gracs
Fculds, Pear! Pitcher. Hazel McGraw. Jeaiie
Parks. Blanche Cameron. Elsa McLaren,
Franklin Jones. Edith Wllcox. Adelaide F-art
lett, lea Henderson. Harriet Fish. Alice John
son. Marian Uurness. Josephine Campbell.
ORIGIN* OF THE BAGPIPE
SAID TO BE ENGLISH
One Englishman Qnirkly Kcsctits tho
Imputation as an Outrode oo
His Peonle.
The conference of the Incorporated
Society of Musicians was held recently
in the Athenaeum Hall, Glasgow. Dr.
Daniel Ferguson Wilson of Glasgow,
the chairman for the day, in an address
on "Folk Music of Scotland*' said it
was on record that in the twelfth cen
tury the people sang songs and used
for their delight the harp, the tabor
and the choro. There was some differ
ence of opinion regarding- the identity
or the choro. Some thought it was the
bagpipe, while others argued that it
could not be. for they maintained that
this Instrument was not imported from
England until at least a century after
this date. Judging by appearance, he
was disposed to think that the choro
was the bagpipe, for it would have been
a sorry sight for a historian to witness
a Highlander wandering in his native
straths and glens with a harp in hl3
hand. Even although it was conceded
that the English introduced the bag
pipes to the««e isles, it must be admitted
that whenever the Highlanders gained
the acquaintance of the instrument
they made the most of it. Dealing with
the question why Scotland hart not
taken her place among the musical na
tions of the world, a recent writer had
given it as his opinion that the bagpipe
was the cause of her undoing, but it
was more probable that the cause lay
In the lack of environment. Scottish
music, however, had at length ob
tained, an entree to the best society,
chiefly German, and great hopes were
entertained for It.
Dr. Cummings of Guildhall School.
London, said he was sorry to hear that
i the Scots had got the bagpipe in Us
present state of perfection from Ens
land. For the sake of the sins for
which they would be punished here
after he hoped that the English did not
invent the bagpipe.— London Telegraph!
"We don't believe in contagion."
said the Christian Science follower;
"we don't believe a person who be
lieves tn Christian Science can. tako
anything."
"Well." replied the man with a
smile, "you certainly believe in taking
the 'long green.' " — Yonkers States
man.
anything.'■- A3VEBTISEMEMTS.
A Good Stomach Keeps Every Part of the
Body in Perfect Condition and Disease .
Cannot Break In.
A POSJT2VE CURE FOR BAD STOMACHS.
■ Can Also Enjoy Mince Pie if You Take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
. . .~-r stomach Is all right, you are all right, They act In a mild, natural manner and
are growing boys nearly always healthy? cau.«e no disturbance in the dlRestlTe oriran*.
Because they hare not abused their stomachs by They prevent any fermentation of the food which
excessive eating and drinking and weakened or causes sour stomach.
destroyed the f uactions of that ors;an. Because Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Instil health into
they eat what Nature demands of good whole- every part of the human body. They compel
t'oiae food and then take plenty cf exercise and perfect digestion of the food and perfect aisslml-
run and romp and help out in the process of lation of the food nutriment. Every organ
'digestion and keep their stomachs strong and and part of the body Is kept in repair and good
well. The s&me is true of men who lead active health necessarily results. At the' same time th«
outdoor lives and enga~e tn physical activity, stomach, being relieved of the work of digestion,
Their digestion is perfect, the food nutriment is gets well and strong.
.properly assimilated, the blood is pure and A prominent Detroit physician lays: "Ipre-
healthy and yon seldom hear of them being af- scribe Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets for all cases
fected with headache, backache, kidney trouble, of stomach trouble. I have tried many prescrlp-
llver trouble, constipation or acy other of the tlons, including a number of my own, but find
cocuaon Ills that always aSict those with bad nothing that gives such universal relief as this
ctomachs. remedy. They are natural, harmless and thor-
If there is anything wrong with you, be sure oughly effective in their work, and while I have
your stomach it right. If it Is not right, get it a natural antipathy to patent medicines, I do
right and dolt in the right way — that is the nat- not hesitate to prescribe and recommend Stuart'i
ural way. Dyspepsia Tablet* on all occasions."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a natural reme- The above is do exception. The best physl-
6j for all stomach disorders and weakness. They clans are prescribing them all over the land.
• possess exactly the same properties that the They can be had of any druggist for BO cents a
gastric Juice* and other digestive fluids of the box, and if yonr own doctor Is real honest with
stomach possess and they actually do the dlges- you, he will tell you frankly that there is nothing
tive work of the stomach and enable that organ on earth to good for dyspepsia as Stuart'* Djra>
to rest and recuperate and become sound and J pepsia Tablets.
GAS EXPLOSION
KILLS THREE
Workmen Leave a Valve Open
and a Torch Ignites Fluid
With Disastrous Results
BUFFALO. X. Y., Feb. 21.— Two men
•were asphyxiated, one was burned to
death and 6everal seriously injured In
an explosion of blast furnace gas at the
plant of the Lackawanna Steel Com
pnny to-day. The dead:
GEORGE REYNOLDS, a mason.
M. S. SMITH, a mason.
FRANK PRENATT, employed in the
power house.
The explosion occurred near power
house No. 2. Smith and Reynolds were
working in the reservoir behind a bulk
head to-day. A piece of the bulkhead
was removed in the course of the oper
ation. A valve which the men thought
had been closed allowed gas to flow
into the tank. They tried to escape but
were overcome before they could reach
tbe exit. A torch used by the men was
left behind and when the gas reached
It a terrific explosion occurred. Frank
Frenatt and the men were trying to
remove one of the unconscious men
when the explosion occurred. All of
them were hurled into the air. Pre
natt died in a few minutes. Alexander
Sanders was terribly burned.
Field Day at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 21. — The an
nual field day of the Sonoma and Men
docino Amateur Athletic League will
be- held in this city about the middle
of April. Contestants will be required
to have taken at least fifteen periods
•of new work during the present schol
astic term and those who have par
ticipated in three previous field days
will be barred according to an
amendment adopted. To the team
scoring Lhe highest number of points
in the field day a handsome silver cup
...wfll be given, and medals will be given
.the individual contestants.
Art I/eaguc WiU Meet.
• The Outdoor Art League will hold
its regular open meeting In the club
rooms of the Sorosis Club at 3 o'clock
this afternoon. Willis Polk will lec
ture on "The Possibilities of Our City."
ORDER f=*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK 800K,
SXail Tbls Order to The San Francisco Call With 75a
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco, CaL:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me ont
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
siGNEr ...:. •
STREET
CITY •' •-
STATE •
TRADE GROWING
IN THE ISLANDS
Report for Last Year Shows
an Increase of Exports
and Imports in Philippines
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— The devel
opment of the Philippines commercially
and industrially for the first nine
months of_1903 is_the subject of a spe
cial Dulietin Dy tne I3ureau of Insular
Affairs. It is shown that both in Im
ports and exports there was an increase
compared with a corresponding period
in the preceding year. Heavy exports
of hemp and copra, offsetting heavy
lmports of rice, explained the increase
during the period named. The imports
were 526.601.C10. against $24,338,322 for
1902. The exports amounted to $23,
563.128, an increase of nearly four and a
one-half million dollars. The rice im
ports were the only ones that Increased
and there was a falling off In general
trade, the United States losing 10 per
cent and the United Kingdom 16 per
cent, while Spain has only two-thirds
of the amount of her trade in 1902.
United States exports increased from
$7,232,411 to $9,368,066, and the trade
with Spain was practically the same,
but a small part of this being carried
under the American flag, and all but
5 per cent of the general trade of the
Islands is done In foreign bottoms.
NEW PALMER HALL OF
SCIENCE IS DEDICATED
Dr. Edward C. Moore Delivers Ser
mon at the Ceremony In Colo
rado Springs.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Feb.
21. — The dedicatory sermon of the new
Palmer Hall of Science of Colorado
College was delivered in the college
chapel this afternoon by Rev. Edward
C. Moore. D. D. Ph. D., of Harvard
University. Dr. Moore took as his text
the inscription on the new building,
"Ye shall know the truth and the
truth shall make you free." The audi
torium was packed and over 500 peo
ple were turned away.
This was the only exercise of the
day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY,. 'FEBRUARY 22, 1904.
GETTING READY
FOR CONCLAVE
Preparations for the Reception
of the Knights Templar Who
Will Pay a Visit to This CiV
AN ELABORATE PROGRAMME
Visitors Will Be Welcomed at
the Several Depots by Com
panies of the Local Knights
The arrangements for the entertain
ment of visiting Knights Templars and,
their families and friends who will at
tend the triennial conclave in this city
next September are assuming shape.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee reports were submitted by the
various committees outlining an elab
orate programme of greater variety
and attraction than has ever been at
tempted for any former event in the
history of San Francisco. Every fea
ture and each detail is designed to de
light the visitors from near and far.
The principal thoroughfares of the
city are to be decorated In the most
artistic manner. The illuminations
will outshine anything ever seen in this
or perhaps in any other city. Neither
effort nor cost will be spared to im
press the visitors with California's
generous hospitality, the good taste
and Judgment of Its people and the
earnest desire to show the progress
San Francisco has made since the for
mer conclave, held here twenty-one
years ago.
From information received from all 1
parts of the country, east and west of
the Rocky Mountains, it is estimated
that fully 25,000 Sir Knights will be in
San Francisco during conclave week
and probably three times as many
more visitors who will be drawn to
San Francisco to feast upon the mag
nificent display of the great metropolis
of the Pacific.
RECEIVING THE GUESTS.
Designs, plans and specifications for
decoration and illumination, for excur
sions and for all other kinds of enter
tainment are under consideration, as
the committee is determined to have
all plans perfected and the exact cost
settled months before the conclave.
The city will don its festive attire sev
eral days before the commencement of
conclave week, though the actual
work for the Sir Knights of California
will begin on Saturday, September 3.
Detachments of Sir Knights of the local
commanderles will be at every train
upon arrival at the depot, receive the
visitors and escort them to their hotels
or headquarters. There will be two
companies afoot and one mounted com
pany in constant attendance at the
depot for escort duty all day and night
Saturday, Sunday and Monday. Each
company will have a band and the
Templar banner while escorting visit-
Ing commanderles through the streets.
Each commandery In California will be
requested by the executive committee
to assign 10 per cent of its entire mem
bership for duty with the various com
mittees during conclave week, the du
ties to be assigned by the executive
committee.
The following Is part of the pro
gramme for conclave week, as far as
it has been outlined and approved by
the executive committee: Saturday.
September 2, will be devoted to escort
duty. Detachments of Sir Knights of
local commanderies will meet arrivals
some distance up the road, accompany
the'm to the city, where the visitors
will be met by the companies stationed
at the depot, who will escort them to
their hotels or headquarters, with ban
ners and music. On Sunday, September
4, special divine service will be held
at different churches, of a Templar
character. Local commanderles will es
cort visitors to and from the churches,
which will be designated In due time.
Receiving arrivals and escorting them
to hotels and headquarters will be con
tinued Sunday and also on Monday,
when calls will be exchanged all day
and evening. On Tuesday, September
6, the Grand Encampment of the
United States will be formally opened.
On the same day the great parade will
be held, the Knights Templars parade,
irrespective of all. other demonstrations.
It is confidently expected that from 20,
000 to 25.000 Sir Knights will be in line,
marching through the. principal streets,
which will be gorgeously draped and
decorated.
MOXEY FOR PRIZES.
I Wednesday, September 7, the com
| petitlve drills will be held at Ingleside
i during the day. Sixteen crack drill
corps of the world will compete for
prizes and honor. The committee has
appropriated $15,750 for prizes, though
the amount is most likely to be in
creased, in order to offer the greatest
Inducement to the best drill corps to
cross the continent to take part in the
competition. In the evening the Grand
Commandery of California will give a
banquet to the Grand Encampment of
the United States.
Thursday, September 8, the competi
tive drills will be resumed at Ingle
side during the day. In the evening
j the prizes will be distributed publicly
I at Mechanics' Pavilion, with a bril
liant Templar display. All the drill
corps will attend in full uniform and
go through the Templar evolutions.
The evening will conclude with a re
ception and promenade concert.
Friday, September 9, will be the great
festival, California Day, with exhibits
of the wealth of California soil and
mines, distributing of souvenirs at
headquarters, reception -« Mechanics'
Pavilion, Palace Hotel and all head
quarters; excursions on the bay, illumi
nation at night; reception by Grand
Commandery of California and local
commanderies.
Saturday, Sept. 10.— Taking leave of
San Francisco and goincr to the interior
to visit and behold the wonders of Cal
ifornia.
The Grand Encampment of the
United States will hold daily sessions
on< Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday^ and
Friday and elect officers for the fol
lowing term of three years.
. x THREE . GRANDSTANDS. :
It has been definitely decided to have
three grandstands from which to view
the parade, one for the grand master
and his escort, one for the Grand En
campment of the United States arid
one for the Governor of California,
Mayor of San Francisco and the heads
GODARD SHOWS
UNUSUAL SKILL
Yesterday's Programme at
Lyric Hall Proves He Is More
Than a Merely Clever Writer
K0PTA CONCERT PLEASES
Treatment of Various Num
bers Wins Full Approval
of the Largo • Audience
Probably if Mr. Kopta had thought
longer he would have put the Beetho
ven andante still further from th.e God
ard quartet than it 'was on yesterday
afternoon's - novelty concert pro
gramme. II. Godard would doubtless
have preferred it that way himself;
he is a conspicuously clever person.
Comparisons apart, yesterday after
noon's programme proves M. Godard
to be a good deal more than a merely
clever writer* We are indebted to Mr.
Kopta and his associates for introduc
tion to the work, op. 126, that opened,
and was the novelty of /the concert.
Of its four movements much the most
musical is the graceful adagio, in
which the composer, in finely melodi
ous mood, achieves also a distinguished
simplicity. . Most characteris'tlc, how
ever, is the finale, a dashing and pic
turesque movement, with the fault of
its school of an almost impertinent
cleverness, yet with an abandon and
cocksureness that carried it hand
somely. To this number the Kopta
quartet gave a quick and spirited
treatment that brought out its best. It
should be said also that . M. Godard
had every reason to be grateful for the
playing of the adagio. The third
movement, a minuetto, was encored. If
one were in cynical mood one would
say "obviously," as it is the worst.
But M. Godard Bins here only in being
too gallically gay for the form. The
opening allegro, again, is a most pleas-
Ing movement, classical in feeling, well
made and well played.
As before said the Beethoven andante
con variazione (op. 18, No. 5), followed.
It was played lovingly by the quar
tet, at times also with the 'almost Im
possible fineness it demands. Yet here
the youth of the Kopta quartet was
most In evidence, the want of that ut
ter singleness of feeling that 13 the es
sence of ensemble playing, the result
only of long association. Yet again
there is evidence of the existence of
this instinct to an unusual degree in
the Kopta quartet. Most valuable In
this regard, too, Is Mrs. Oscar Mans
feldt's work at the piano. Both by tem
perament and education Mrs. Mans
feldt has shown herself admirably
fitted for ensemble work. Her rhythmic
and dynamic sympathy Is almost uner
ring, and she has, too, exceptional tonal
and technical qualifications. Yester
day's piano number was the Schumann
piano quintet, op. 44, with its loveliest
of slow movements. This was given
with exquisite sympathy by the play
ers. They were less successful — tech
nically — In the exacting scherzo, but
gave the finale with convincing spirit
and freedom.
A pleasant adjunct of the programme
was Mrs. Lillie Birmingham's group of
songs,' that included two by Albert El
kus, the young Californlan composer.
Mrs. Birmingham gave sympathetic
and spirited interpretations of the El
kus songs, "Haroun al Raschld" and
"Ode to Spring," that show both ample
imagination (hardly yet in harness)
and technical resource. Mr. Elkus was
at the piano, and accompanied in
graceful fashion. The songs were re
ceived in distinctly friendly manner by
the audience. Mrs. Birmingham's other
songs *were "Kennst du das Land"
(Liszt) and the Schubert "Gehelmes"—
charmingly sung.
The next concert is dated for Sunday
afternoon, March 13, Lyric Hall, 'aa
usual, and Richard Strauss' piano quar
tet op. 13, for novelty.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
TURNER SOCIETY GIVES ?,
GRAND MASQUERADE BALIi
German Residents of the City Hare
nn Enjoyable Time at Tarn
Verein Halle.
At Turn Verein Hall last night King
Carnival reigned supreme over a
merry gathering of masqueraders that
danced and enjoyed the festivities un
til the early hours. affair was
given under the auspices of the San
Francisco Turn Verein. At 9 o'clock,
when most of the maskers had arrived,
the grand march began. It was led
by Fr. Zecher, impersonating a prince,
and Miss Rose Schmidt, as a princess.
At 11 o'clock a pretty tableau, in
three scenes, entitled "A Sailor's
Dream," was given and was heartily
encored. The following committees
were in charge: . .
Floor manager. F. Attlnger Jr. ; assistants,
C. Shieklnu B. Fleischer and W. Pahl.
Arrangements — Fred Hausmann, O. Buss«,
J. Straub, F. Attlnger, H. Maret, A. Fuerth
and U Mayerhofer.
Reception — Fr. Acher, A. Brandt, E. Bran«t,
A. Brehm, O. Burmelster, J. Castor, F. J.
Castilnun, William Ehrenpfort, Dr. F\ Fisher,
R. Flnklnif. D. Frank. William Gehrke. G.
Gehrken. William GUndeman, Oscar Ilochs.
F Hageman, F. Jacobl, F. Kommer, J; Kulin,
J. J. Kubn. R. Kuhn, I*. Markus. Dr. M. Mag
nun, Augr Nagel, Henry Plantz. William Plage
mann, Charles Rehmann, L.. Roesch, William
Schroeder, Max Stein, J. Simmon. J. T. Ix>de,
G. A. Fro»t, Charles Wolter and C. K. Zlm
mer.
of the administration, Federal, State
and municipal.
The committee in ■ charge of excur
sions has engaged two large steamers
for three days during conclave week to
take visiting Sir Knights and their la
dies around the bay to all points of In
terest and as far outside the heads as
the Farallones free.
The committee on entertainment is
negotiating for the lease of the largest
theater in the city in which to produce
Chinese plays each afternoon and eve
ning, duri.ig conclave week for the en
tertainment "of the visitors. The greater
part of the house is to be reserved for
visiting Sir Knights and their ladies as
guests of the committee.
Arrangements have been made for
daily excursions to Del Monte, Mon
terey, and return; to the Big Trees^ San
ta Cruz and return; Vallejo, : Napa, * St;
Helena and return; San Jose, v Stanford
University^ Palo Alto and return; also
daily excursions to Tamalpais, . San
Rafael and Duncans 'Mills, Santa
Rosa, Petaluma,' Asti and Ukiah.
WILL DISCUSS
LABOR AFFAIRS
National Convention of Indus
trial Association Will Open
: the Meeting at Indianapolis
REPRESENTS MANY TRADES
President Parry Announces
That 3ren Who "Incite Riot
ous Strikes Will Bo Watched
INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 21. — The na
tional convention of the Industrial As
sociation of America will begin its ses
sions here to-morrow. Five hundred
manufacturers and business men of the
country are expected. Many have ar
rived to-day for the meeting. Repre
sentatives of the National Asso
ciation of Manufacturers, the Amer
ican -Founders' Association, the Na
tional - Metal / Trades Association,
the . American Anti-Boycott Associa
tion, the National . Co-operators' As
sociation, the Electrical Association,
the Merchant Tailors'' Protective Asso
ciation, the National Builders' Asso
ciation and a number of local employ
ers' associations and citizens' alliances
will be. here.
Speaking of the work of the conven-
tion. President Parry said:
"An r effort will be made to . evolve
some kind of scheme whereby a bureau
of tabulated information may be kept
In reference to men who are the foun
tain heads of riotous strikes. The pub
lio has the opinion that we are opposed
to labor unions. This conclusion is
highly erroneous. "We are not opposed
to, unions, but we do stand against
some of their work."
Chevra Kadislia Give Dance.
' The members of the Chevra Kadlsha
gave an entertainment and ; ball' last
night in • Lyric Hall on Eddy street.
The dance was in celebration, of the
third anniversary of the club and the
box office receipts are to go toward
establishing a funeral parlor. In which
funeral services over the bodies of de
ceased members of the club may be
conducted.
Seventy-seven per cent of the women
and but 62 per cent of the men taking
the civil service examination are able
to pass it.
• ■. : ADVEBTMBinnrraL
CJ RJjj^^^^ '--—--- —-- .^11 ~ ~~j ' "... . "'■■■■ ' - ""* T\^_jgtf!ffiMCl5i T * I jEif"J iwi tliiidlv/ 1 w HCL)p[)j udjf 1 31'^! ' »f
[■H^^H E ¥ B ?t G EASY PURGHASE PLANi
?i l^''^iHKElS^^t^w-^^sy[jS#y'63^jiK3&i.^~ * 1 If(\ k3 j^j ci .fBi i z\ fi c\ & \/ & t* v thin o* \/ a u /m fit i^\
t\ BssSfyjjSJf yr*^ 1 &S^tf!jffi" ~i ~* """Till P&P3 n 6 G u 1 S i\ 6 T* 6 J X rl 6 n 3. 1" ■* /\ * / // ' 0/ f/*i\ \ \
89 ~* ' m I §1 ||] m - l§ \\ JF * / ffjf/ t » #
3 Polished Oak Extension Table )" Wmr^**^ MfedsSfe^i
I $14.50 HANDSOME PARLOR 'p-fF^TC*'
I A new design and a pleasing one. TABLE S4.75 M
Sa One of the early arrivals of the n . "^)
I'lWSi |i **- =n po^nTl' 1 sterling LeatherAnn Chair KS? JJjffiS .
a advance in prices! D e e p boxing Cl"7 CA RIArLC «p£.O.DU
I 1 • around the top. <piy«OU And very select blrd»-B
I fi i (24-inch top.) Polished oak frames. ' y . e Wj» »* t^ It's U
I ftjM '■• : J • GraCCful u d C " -ry SS'l^iSS. 11^ ™""or bl f?a S n7e e ' l&Siftfi? I
m^S^I - sign-a- table to Sfu °a ch3? to'laS** &"£•* /ffier*
1 lOMtCal Pl " 5^°"- metlme - pattern. ADOter ""I
j $15.00- COLONUL DAVENPORT lM , her . Se , t Olners |
F| Colonial pattern— a tall four- S3.60 deep drawer I ti Jt CTins M
1 poster. Beautifully carved frames and X--> - French legs. The top B
jj . . .Comes, in every . harmonious Sterling upholstery. Box-seat con- m » a c U res 2_txl6 inches All B»
I color scheme. Double size only. Upholstered in a heavy floured structlon; the very p ca5 « rcs u '' u ' 31 .**" H
B Only one trouble with our tapestry, in perfect i harmony with best. ' »n tne cnoicest quarter- Eg
»• metal bed line — too many pret- the design and the period from' Golden oak, sawed oak. li
H ty ones to choose from. which the design is borrowed. leather upholstery- j?j
| FURIMITURE THAT WILL TREAT YOU RIGHT IN LOOKS ANlT WEAR. I
'^Ra 1& H JS 1 Kl N I I ££9 m 114 m M n I j 1 »" ISejl E8 'II B M I fit fin fi9 "^' m'
__-_-"_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
LAST CHANCE TO PROCURE OR RENT A
S2.00 pcr m ° nth "p-
Slich low rates have never been made in
any country. March first Is the last day
of these special rates. After that date
our regular terms of $6 up will be in
fbrce. These terms include all makes.
Also apply on the following: special bar-
gain list: -
st^f'f^~^^ r f TOS ' £ ! . an P.2' «2GB: p ConoTer pianos. *2R5; Ste«er ptanos.
«3«O; Krell pianos. $37i5; Davis & Sons' pianos. s5r»O; Sommer piano..
SSI t *>. etc. ..-,.«'
r,7^ S^ l8 ' h i 1 f « u^ ed "Nl «conS-hand planoa— Heine pianos. 8235 up: Steinway
pianos. 810*» up: Chlckering pianos. S1."»O up; Emerson pianos. *115 up-
1'lscner pianos, #0,*; up: Conrard pianos, $90 up: Vose pianos. «S,"» up- \rlon
piano, almost new. $165: German Steinway. $00: English Collard, 837:* New
York Haynes, mahogany. S112T and fifty others.
Auk to see the NEW 38S riANOS. They are guaranteed by the manufac-
turers, but not t>y. us. •" .
Other unscrupulous, transient dealers have advertised them at a higher price
as good and guaranteed pianos. We would like to show you what these pianos
HEIBTI PIAgQ CO.. 836-837 Qeary St.; Oakland Addrei*. 1833 Broadway.
INTENDS TO REGULATE
U. S. MAIL PIUVELEGES
Government Will Stop the Transmis
sion of All Objectionable Adver
tisements, Circulars, Etc
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— The Post
office Department has begun a crusade
against .'the -printing of objectionable
advertisements and stories in news
papers and periodicals throughout the
country. The action is based on.Sec
tion 3S93 of the Revised Statutes, which
imposes a fine of not exceeding $5000
or Imprisonment for not over five years,
or both, for any person depositing in
the malls or aiding in circulating
through the mails, any obscene print,
pamphlet, etc. It is proposed to amend
this law to include vulgar advertise
ments and other printed matter. Un
der the new policy a number of papers
containing questionable matters have
been thrown out of the malls under
the telegraphic orders to the postmast
ers, and ( a campaign will be waged
against objectionable medical adver
tisements which are being widely pub
lished.
If the guests are a little late In start-
Ing home they will notice that the host
has to call 'the hostess from the kitchen
to say good-by. She has sneaked away
to begin cleaning up the litter.
Some letters we don't answer; we
keep the stamp sent for a reply.
POLICE WOULD PREVENT
YOUNG CORBETTS GAME
Champion Invites Weber and Fields
Troupe to Witness Contest Between
Bulldoc and Badger.
When Young Corbett attempted to
show the fair ones of the Weber and
Fields troupe a few pointers on the real
thing in burlesque, he managed to get
his training quarters "pinched," and
the affair looked for a while as If it
might develop into a tragedy of the
heavy order.
Corbett invited several of the mem
bers of the troupe to visit his training
quarters at midnight Saturday, with
the understanding that war would be
waged between an untamed badger and
a ferocious bulldog. Incidentally some
one tipped the whole thing off to th»
police.
At last, when the time was ripe, and
everything in readiness for the fray,
the police circled down from the sand
dunes and, with a mad war whoop,
charged the quarters of the champion.
The situation, for a moment, was
somewhat on the Waterloo type, but
when It was discovered that there was
no badger within miles of the camp arid
that Corbett was Just having a little
Joke on the dear girls, the police took
to the tall pines.
When a man can't afford to build a
house with two stories there is still op
portunity for pride left to the wife by
calling the new home a "bungalow."
56
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Gold Dredging.
BY MALCOLM UcDOUELL,
(Author ""Shop Talk " en Wonflers of tfce
Craft.")
(Copyright. 1904. by Jcseph B. Bov,le«,) i
Russia is negotiating with. American
makers of hydraulic machinery for
sixty gold dredges. The Czar's repre
sentative has been in this country for
feme time examining, investigating
ar.d testing the newest and decidedly
the most r.ovel method used for rob
bing the earth of the yellow metal —
gold dredging. Apparently he is thor
oughly satisfied with this unromantic
development for placer mining, for he
wants sixty of these floating geld ex
tracting machines which, according to
experts, v.-Jl becc-me the principal
agents for supplying the world with
fc-o'.d.
Gold dredging is one o-f the new in
custrics. About ten or twelve years
Ego it was done in a small way in New
Zealand and Australia, and soon after
it appeared in Oroville, Cal. To-d.'iy
they are using dredges — ar.d the same
kind of an outfit could be employed to
•excavate a canal on cut . a drainage
ditch — in the orange groves of Cali
fornia and operating them by elec
tricity generated by water power many
miles distant. In Colorado the endless
chain of steel buckets is lifting the
gold-bearing material out of : its bed
■within sight of high bars and gulche?,
where a few years ago the cradle and
pans of the old-time placer miners,
those heroes cf Bret Harte and Mark
Twain, caught the grains and nuggets
for xrtiich men risked their lives and
It's all different now. Placer mining
— it used to be called the "poor man's
«h'ance" — is done on a wholesale basis.
Fkilled mechanics, with improved ma
chinery, go down to bed rock or hard
pan, forty-five feet sometimes, after the
gravel and sand, which carries the
gold, and do it much after the fashion
of other mechanic?, who with similar
machinery deepen river channels or
cut through sandbars in harbors. This
new. Industry has developed a new
breed of mining: engineers. It Is -a com
posite of a hydraulic engineer, gold
prospector, placer miner, topograph
ical engineer and boat builder. One
such is W. W. Dyar, general manager
of the American Gold Dredging Com
pany..' operating near Breckenridge,
" Said he: "Gold dredging is Just be
ginning. It has taken us some years
t< % develOD the .machinery we now em
ploy. There seems to be no doubt that
this method of gold mining will be
come one of the great industries, ft
car be said, in a general way. that
wherever there is a large deposit of
gravel ar.d clay carrying free gold—
in short, wherever there are placer
mines — gold can be dredged. In most
placer mining districts there are
gulches and slopes having , sufficient
grade to mine by 'ground sluicing tr
ordinary "hydraulieking.*
"Ground sluicing is simply running
water over the ground, picking the
material and shoveling it into small
sluice boxes, leaving enough grade to
run the water off. In ordinary hy
hvciau licking water is brought to the
working in pipes under pressure and
jetting from nozzles called 'giants'
•..ashes dov.n the go!d-b<?aiing :na-,
torial. These were the -two methods of
placer miring up {o the time dredg
ing made its appearance. The neces
sity tttr mine rirpric^s s.tpw nut of
this condition: the high bars and
gulches were worked by ground sluic
l-.Z and hydraulieking because there
was enciugh srade to carry tho wattr
and tailings down hil! — away irotr. ihe
work. «But down below these high bars
and jfUif-hes were larger.* valleys con
taining gold-bearing gravel beds In
v.hich there was not enough srade to
carry off the tailings. These natter
gravel beds are very extensive, and
generally richer in gold. In order to
•sluice' this material it was necessary
dig it and then lift it to a height
which would give the requisite grade
for pronorly working the material. The
dredge does this. It is a self-contain-a
machine which scoor>3 out and li/ts up
the material, screens out' the large
bowlders and coarse rocks and then
sluices the material with the water
which it raises with its own pumps."
The dredge consists of a ecow or pon
toon from 100 to 140 feet long and about
forty feet wide. Its principal feature
Is the endless chain 'of- steel buckets
.which works upon the upper body of tha
■b<iat and which can be raised or low
ered at the forward or digging end by
means of steel cables. The steel buck
e{s — according to the size of the dredge
*-^ha\*e, each a capacitv of three to ten
cubic feet. . • ;
The po.wer for oneraing the chain of
buckets is applied at the upper end of
ihe "ladder bv means of a flat sided
tlrum called a "tumbler." As it revolves
'.It .gives motion to the buckets, which
descend . through the water Into the
gravel bed, each bucket scooping out
its. capacity of material and conveying
ft ur> td be dumped into a hopper. At
the. forward or cutting end of the lad
der is another tumbler which has large
flanges on its sides so that the buck-
ets cannot slip off.
The scooped up, dripping wet mate
rial falls through the hopper on to
screens. On some dredges these screens
are revolving cylinders; on others they
are flat Bcreens which are continuously
shaking so as to facilitate the screen
ing process. In both cases, • however,
■water under pressure is sprayed upon
the screens to wash' clean the bowlders
ajid fragments of rooks. The bowlders
fcijd other coarse material which does
not pass through the 'perforations In
the screens Is either dropped back Into
the dredge pond at the sides of the
boat or Is carried by a "stacker"— a
form of conveyer — to the land, where
it is stacked In ridges.
The screened material In which is
the free sold passes Into sluices or over
"gold-saving . tables" with sufficient
water to carry it along. Gold being
heavier than the clay, sand and gravel
sinks to the bottom of the- carrying
screen, and as the gold seeker knows
the right incline and , the t proper
amount of water which will carry off
the lighter: material and yet leave the
gq'.d behind there is no trouble to se
cure the precious metal, at the same
time permitting the "tailings" to run
down the sluice way and back into the
pond or on to the land. The tailings
then fill in the pond back of the dredge
about, as fast as the chain of buckets
cut out a new pond bed 'in front. As
the same water is used over and over
again it is "onlv neces'sary to provide a
fresh eofTply sufficient to make up for
seepage, evaporation and boiler use.
Household Hints.
• ET CHRISTINE TpnHUNE HERRICK.
(Author cf "In City Tents," ' "Liberal Living
en Narrow Means,", etc.)
'Copyright. 1904, by Joseph B. Bowlee.)
The well furnished kitchen and pan
try! Probably there is not a'house
keeper in the country who has not her
ideal of what she would like these to
be. What this ideal i3 depends upon
the housekeeper and her surroundings.
The -only- point on. which one can be
tolerably sure is that she desires some
thing different from what she has.
That is human nature. In the words
of an observing old woman, "Folks is
always wantin' to have what they
hain't got and to be where they ain't."
So the country housekeeper feels
that she would exchange her broad,
roomy kitchen, where it is a journey
from the stove to the sink and from
the pantry to the mixing table, for/ a
compact little city kitchen, with all the
conveniences she knows these to pos-
Th«? dwellers in flats meanwhile, al
though acknowledging the convenience
of being able -to stand in the middle
of the room and reach anything on'the
walls, on the range or in the pantry
from that one position, frets at her
damped quarters, and thinks if she
cuuld only have one of the kitchens
presided over by out-of-town friends
she would gladly resign some of the
advantages of her city tents.
Most housekeepers are more or less
dissatisfied with their kitchen walls.
They know that the whitewashed or
calcimlned walls are undesirable and
are yet doubtful how to change them.
The whitewash or calcimine blackens
and stains with smoke and the fumes
of cookery and cannot be cleansed ex
cept by removal. The housekeeper who
can afford it has her kitchen wall
painted and then Is able to wash this
off when it is spotted or darkened.
But, even soap and water fail to have
effect upon the paint after a while, and
the. old coat must be mended by a new
« ne. Jf this is put on year after year
over the old layer the 1. >w is likely -to
blister and crack and the wall to pre
sent an unpleasant, warty appearance.
Rather more expensive, but more en
during, is an oilcloth covering. For
this the ordinary table oilcloth, plain
or marbled, is used, and it is applied as
burlap or heavy paper might be— with
paste. At the top it is finished off
with an ordinary wooden molding. This
oilcloth does not discolqr so rapidly as
does paint and may be kept clean for. a
long time by washing or scrubbing.
The ceiling in such a room may be
painted, although here, too, the oilcloth
might be used. But it seems unneces
sary expense. Those who have used
oilcloth claim that it wears longer and
looks better than half a dozen succes-
sive coats of paint.
The kitchen floor is also something
of a problem. Some covering it must
have that can be washed. The rag
carpet, which in our childish days
was the retaliation floor covering of
the kitchen, does not appeal to this
generation. They want something
more sanitary. Bare boards, plain or
painted,- are excellent if needed help
is at hand to keep them clean. But
spots show on these boards and they
can be made really clean only by
scrubbing. Ho oil cloth or linoleum
seems better. The latter costs, more
and wears longer. If it can have a
couple of good coats of varnish after
it is laid its wearing pdwers arc said
to bo much Increased.
Wb>n it comes to the furniture of
the kitchen, much depends upon the
space to bo filled. The owner of one
of the large kitchens of which we
have sooken would' not think she
could do her work without* two or
thrro tables on which to prepare her
food or wash her dishes.
The necessity for close packing has
taught many things to the dweller in
limited space. One clever woman has
devised a "double decker" table. A
shelf has been fitted to her table un
derneath and here she keeps 'bowls,
chopping trays and the like that she
ne?ds most often. It saves her steps
If sh« can reach under the table for
what she needs instead of crossing the
kitchen to set It. Another house
keeper, has put her shelf above the
table instead of below It Still another,
to whom economy was an important
consideration, made her kitchen table
of a good-sized dry. ; goods box* set on
end. Across the middle of the inside
she,rplaced a. shelf. The top of the
table had a sheet of zinc nailed upon
It am* the inside of the rough box was
lined with heavy brown paper, neatly
pasted on.
There are few women who have
lived long in narrow quarters without
learning the advantages of rows of
nails or hooks/ To hang up as much
as possible 'n order to economize
shelf space for things that cannot be
hungup, is the principle that regu
lates them. Jelly molds and Bets of
gem panB or muffin tins, dish pans,
bread boards and chopping bowls are
hung up, "as well as mixing spoons,
toasting forks, egg beaters, ladles,
skimmers and ■ cake turners. Some
women go further 1 than this, and have
a narrow wooden cleat along: the "wall,
with nails driven into it 'to space it,'
arid between ; this 'strjp and" the wall
thrust the knives for .pur
poses— the carving knife, the .; bread
knives, * the < small meat ; and vegetable
knives. m9BI '. * -M'- '■'" ~.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1901
THE SAN FRAiNGlSPO CALL
JOHND. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . • • • ..... Address All CommunicaUons to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
PulJllcaUon Offloo ." ; * Third and Market Street*. S. F.
MONDAY.................. ;..Vi ....,...; ....;.. FEBRUARY 22. 1904
TRADE OUTLOOK UNCERTAIN.
THE business outlook has* become uncertain during
the past week and it is impossible to forecast fu
ture trade* conditions with any accuracy. This un
satisfactory state of affairs is due' wholly to the "compli
cations in Europe and Asia. It is easy enough to see
that if a general war breaks out, among the great Euro
pean and Asiatic nations and this country keeps out of
the hostilities there will be an enormous call upon us for
all sorts of army and navy supplies, which will produce
abnormal business activity a%d : high prices throughout
the country; but if, unfortunately, the United States
should be drawn into the conflict there is no knowing
what may happen in way. Everybody sees
this, for the handwriting on the wall is plain enough a3
far as it goes, but the impossibility of knowing just what
this country will feel itself called upon to do creates a
feeling of doubt and uncertainty that has already affected
the speculative markets and may soon affect general
trade itself.
At present, however, we are gaining rather than los
ing by the Russo-Japanese war and its concomitant dis
orders. Both countries are ordering goods from us,
especially on the Pacific Coast, and the prospects of a
strife lasting some months has led to sharp advances in
the cereals, but the depressed condition . of the foreign
bourses, on which international securities of every kind
have been declining, has cast a damper on our own stock
market.. Money': has thus far escaped serious stringency,
but- it is slowly hardening in Europe. Speculation in
stocks and bonds has fallen to a. low ebb, both here and
abroad, as" is quite natural under the circumstances. No
body wants the bonds of a nation plunged into a devas
tating war unless the standing and power of that nation
are so high and puissant that its continued prosperous
existence after the war, no matter how it results, is prac
tically assured, and even the bonds of such nations do not
tempt investors. ' ■ . „
Capital dreads war. Thus we see a general downward
tendency in the bonds of all European' nations/ During
the past week English consols, supposed to be about
as safe as any security in the world, have steadily weak
ened, while Russian and Japanese issues have declined
daily and Bulgarian bonds have been unsalable.
bourses of every financial center in Europe have felt the
strain of uncertainty and, have reported business light
and extremely sensitive to every vague rumor. Wall
street stocks have come to a standstill and the whole
arena of stock speculation, both in this country and
abroad, reflects the hesitating and dubious signs of the
times. • . "
Though this country is thus far comparatively free
from any prospect of foreign entanglement there is little
doubt that if the present complications were confined
to Russia and Japan business would be much better than
it is. Our crop prospects are good, our internal demand
for merchandise and produce excellent,, our national
treasury amply supplied with gold reserves and our banks
carrying large amounts of cash. Our foreign trade, while
more or less affected one way or the other by the war, is
of large volume and the goods we export are bringing
comparatively high price.s. 1 Collections are reported good
all over the country and a general atmosphere of stabil
ity and confidence pervades all classes of trade. Still
there is no knowing at what moment Europe may break
out into a vast and disastrous conflagration, which may
produce consequences which we cannot possibly foresee,
hence our exporters and importers are proceeding with
caution, our arc watching their accounts and
the whole commercial situation is thus kept in a state ol
suspense, for which the country itself is in nowise re-
f-ponsible.
Locally the American markets are active. Under the
stimulus of possible war in the Balkans, which of course
means a partial if not utter suspension of wheat ship
ments from Russia and the Danubian countries, wheat
has started upward and is now rising rapidly under large
speculation, while reports from Chicago say that the
market, already broad, is expanding, while the Continent,
at last awake to the situation, is advancing its bids for
the grain in this country. The minor grains feel this
quickening, impulse and are going up, in sympathy.
Speculation in provisions, with the bulls predominating,
is keeping that market up in spite of the bearish feeling
among packer? and professional traders, who regard the
market with indifference and give it no support. There
arc only three important lines of trade' lagging' at the
moment — coffee, cotton and iron. The two former hav*
latc1y N becn jr. the throes of liquidation, though there lias
been a reaction in cotton during the past few days, 'and
pig iron has v.-cakened as a result of a backward demand,
increasing production and a reported accumulation of
«>tock. The wool and hide markets are reported steady
and in good condition, for sellers, while dry goods have
become more active in sympathy with cotton, with buy
ers briskly replenishing assortments and paying 'full
prices without hesitation. • The 'general distributive trade
of the country, while good,, is backward, owing largely
to inclement weather throughout the East and West
which imparts an unfavorable aspect to spring trade.
There was a sharp drop in the bank clearings last
week, the decrease from last year being 24 per cent, with
all but three or four of the largest cities showing marked
losses, ranging from 2 per cent at San Francisco to 32.7
per cent at New York, the pronounced loss at the coun
try's metropolis being due prpbably to the stagnation fii
Wall street. The clearings themselves, fell below the
$2,000,000,000 mark* being $1,734,205.000, 'the smallest vol
ume for some time. The failures for the week were 287,
against 247 last' year, and included some insurance com-
panies thrown into insolvency by the Baltimore fire.
Here in California we are enjoying a rise in "the; prod
ucts of our soil, due to depleted supplies of cereals and
the demands of Russia and Japan upon our granaries.
From the. selfish standpoint of dollars and cei^s we are
profiting by' the Oriental war, which is" putting a ! good
deal of foreign money into our pockets. The recent
rains and the war almost assure the California, farmer
another fine year and the realization of this, imparts a
feeling of confidence to the whole State. We are find
ing immediate 'markets for everything we produce and
at prices which keep us well supplied with funds. Hence
the outlook for 1904 in California is decidedly bright!;' -1
A TEXTBOOK FOR NEW VOTERS^
THE 'American Protective Tariff .League has
sounded the first gun of the coming' Presidential
. campaign by circulating throughout the country
the speech upon protective tariff delivered before the
House by Representative James T. McCleary of Minne
sota. As the caption of the* pamphlet indicates,; "this val
uable study of the tariff question is designed to serve as
a textbook forfirst voters, by the usc.of Avhich , they may
be enabled to gather, the essential facts^6f..pro'tectioniVm
out of all the nebulous haze of theories and fancies in
which their newly enfranchised political discretion is
Not one new voter out of five hundred, be he college
bred or otherwise, has any clear conception of the tariff
question, its history and its present day aspects. When
the great minds of Congress have gone astray upon this
very subject times innumerable since first a Congress
became the established legislative branch of the Gov
ernment, it is not to be wondered at that not only young
citizens but thousands of voters, seasoned by many cam
paigns,'have only the most rudimentary, and at times
the most distorted conception of what protective tariff
is and wherein its superiority over the free trade system'
can be made manifest by actual statistical demonstra
tion. Yet it is the tariff .'question which is the v. great
underlying factor of American political life to-day, come
what other questions of the hour there may. The money'
in our treasury, the position of our markets in the great
world mart, the prosperity of our merchants, manufac
turers and agriculturists at home— these things are to
be affected for good or ill by the intelligence of the
voters upon the tariff issue.
It behooves every young voter, therefore, and. every
old one whose knowledge of the points at issue in the
great question of prosperity is fragmentary or biased by
prejudice, to write to the New York headquarters of the
American Protective Tariff League and procure for his
instruction a copy of this clear and succinct statement of r
the case 1 for protective duties. After reading it he will
have at least to do a like amount of reading on the op
posite side to be convinced against the present system of
national financial strength; and that will make him what
he should be— an intelligent voter.
California politicians are making active preparations
for the part they are to play in the approaching national
campaign. Reputations will go up and down now in
the scale of bias and. partisanship, and the great Ameri
can voter will take to the tall timber to guard against
the fire of abuse, bombast, buncombe and blatant oratory
with which we hoist our favorites into public view.
THE YELLOW BUGABOO.
THE joining of the struggle in the East seems to
have thrown over England and all of the other Eu
ropean powers a most disquieting pall of nameless
fear and haunting uneasiness. - Not many days ago a
London paper devoted three columns of its space, to an
elaborate plan for the invasion of England by Germany,
adding parenthetically that no harm was meant to Ger
many, but that the working 'out of such milita'ry puzzles
is a useful pastime, which may be turned to service at the
most unexpected moment. Now there is a book upon
the Eastern question which by its dismal prophecies of
untold woe in store for Europe has succeeded in rousing
the nervous ones in Great Britain to such a pitch of ex
citement that they are afraid to turn around and look
under their chairs.
This- "Asia.and Europe;" by Meredith Townsend, is
the reiteration of the old bogy of a "yellow whirlwind,"
but in this instance there is a touch of brown to. the
cyclone, ,for the author would have it that all India will
unite with China and Japan in the near future to form an
invincible' Asiatic alliance, whose cohorts, like a second
Tamerlane's, will sweep the white race from Asia and
turn the tide far back into the heart of Europe.
Asia, many times invaded, has never been conquered;
on the contrary, the author feels that the Far East move
ments -of the last few years which have culminated in
the present war have merely precipitated the crystalliza
tion in this seething hell pot and that the whole white
race may soon expect the outburst which is to' sound
their knell. "India will fly to pieces," says Townsend;
"the ancient hostilities of race and creed and history,
none of which have we had time to extinguish, will re
vive at once. Within five years of our departure we
shall recognize that the greatest experiment ever made
by Europe in Asia was but an experiment after, all. Asia,
which sflrtived the Greek and the Roman and the Cru
sader, will survive also the Teuton and the Slav."
The good people of England who follow the lead of
the London Daily Mail in seeing in Meredith Town
send's book a weird prophecy more portentous than that
or any witch should pause to take accounting of the facts
of history before allowing such an auld wives' talc as
that to startle them into nervous tremors. They should
remember first and above all else that no nation has
been able to become all-conquering until it has reached
the sujrmintion ofAhc civilization of the times. Japan
may be called a nation of comparatively high " civiliza
tion,' but it is inconceivable that even with her leader- j
ship groping China or halting India could ever become a
menace to the European powers so long as they continue
in anything like their present condition. Even granted
that all of the Oriental countries were enabled # to reach!
a high state of national culture and civic life, it is dim
cult to imagine a force which could bring together
Buddhist and Taoist, Mohammedan and Christian of a
dozen different bloods, to act as a unit against Europe.
The present war between Japan and Russia will prob
ably prove to be the. greatest contest in point of interests
involved which has been waged in the East- in mod
ern times. Far from deciding whether or not the West
shall be master of the East, the present conflict must de
termine whether chief dominion in the East shall lie
with a typical eastern nation or with a partially civilized
eastern race come back to the home oT its ancestors. This
is no supreme fight between the Orient and the Occi
dent, upon the result of which hinges the future of
Europe.
To those of us that care to follow the trend of passing
events with that fidelity which involves correct informa
tion Russian names have been a delusion, a snare and a
thorn in the, flesh. In the official St. Petersburg account
of the attack on Port Arthur one of the captains rendered
distinguished service. He was Kusmenkaravayeff. How
can a fellovy with a name like that hope to have it echo
down the corridors of time, much fess of fame?
The Pacific Commercial Museum has undertaken th
commendable:task of informing us of the character,
needs, demands and prospects of countries bordering on
the/ Pacific, Oceaii. When Russia and Japan have suf
ficiently paid their obligation to the splendid unreason of
war and havVset themselves back years .in the march of
civilization they will buy in our marts. We should be
prepared to sell them what they need.
;. In recent inquiries that have b*een brought -into being
by the nest of corruption which was built in the postal
service the fact developed that United" States Senator
Dietrich is a compromise representative of Nebraska in
thVuppef house at Washington.- Since then the status
of the distinguished Senator has been more properly in
the past tense. '
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
The ~Artful Skipper.
The waters in the vicinity «f the Far
allones were blanketed in fog, and the
energy of the sturdy tug. outside on a
"seeking" expedition, seemed a waste
of time. Suddenly from far to seaward
came the sound of a ship's fog bell.
"A limejuicer out there," said the
tugboat skipper, "fm going to get that
lemon-pelter, and he's going to pay a
stiff price for the tow. Go forward, you.
and heave the lead."
"Why, we're out at sea. Plenty water
here, sir. Don't believe I can set bot
tom at all," demurred the deckhand.
"Do a3 I tell you. Heave the lead.
and keep on heaving until I say quit."
The captain climbed into the pilot
house, jrzng for slow speed ahead and
taking the wheel steered a cautious
course toward the sound of the sailing
vessel's regularly ringing bell.
. The British ship Cockney loomed up
ahead. Her commander was pacing the
poop, at frequent intervals peering anx
iously into the haze. His face lightened
when he saw the tug, but developed a
look of serious interest as he noticed
the busy -leadsman and heard after
each cast:
"Twenty-five fathom and no bot-
tom.".
Not a'word said the towboat skipper.
His attention was engrossed apparently
with the leadsman's chant. He would
sjiiff the air suspiciously and make fre
quent visits to the pilot-house, where
he made ostentatious examination of
his chart.
"Within a few minutes a sailor was
heaving the lead from the Cockney's
bows. In duet the leadsmen chanted:
"Twenty-five fathom and no bot
tom."
The towboat skipper spoke:
"Fraid I can't do much for you, cap-
tain. Better get your boats ready."
"Boats!" bellowed the British tar.
"Why, man alive, there's plenty water
here and we must be miles from the
Farallones."
"Where do you think you are. cap?"
asked the towboat 3kipper in a sad
tone.
The Cockney's commander gave his
position, which was substantially cor
rect and safe as any part of the ocean.
The tug boat man shook his head.
"You deep-sea fellows are pretty
careless. Before you cross that poop
twice your ship may be hard and fast
in the clutch of the cruelest rock3 in
these parts. I'm pretty anxious myself
and I don't draw a third as much a3
you do. I'm willing to try to get you
clear, but won't promise too much.
Better have your boats ready."
The man's tone was convincing. Mis
takes are easily made in navigation
and the impenetrable fog shut out all
possibility of getting bearings from
buoys or landmarks.
"What will you charge to take me
in, captain ?"- asked the now alarmed
Britisher. •
"Ought to ask more, as I'm risking
my boat, but seeing there's not much
sea I'll do it for $4000.
The Britisher blanched. He begged.
He threatened. He cajoled. - * '
"Make up your mind quickly," was
the only response. "I can't afford to
risk my boat much longer. Hurry up."
The Cockney was towed in. Her skip
per congratulated himself on saving
his ship by the judicious expenditure
of J4000. The tug-boat captain kicked
himself.
"What a sucker I am. And him so
easy. Might have had 510.000 just as
well."
No Jox Without Pie.
"Some queer reasons are assigned by
applicants for shelter at the Alms
, house as' to why they desire to become
inmates of the institution." said Health
Officer Ragan. "This is especially true
of the old people, who come to us with
tales of woe regarding the treatment
accorded them by their married daugh
ters, from whom, they assert, they
want to escape to a more welcome re
treat.
"An old man a few days ago applied
for admission to the refuge for the
city's poor, and the ,usual questions
were put to him regarding his family
connections, and so on. He Informed us
that he lived with his daughter at- her
residence on Van Ness avenue and that
she had driven him from home. Officer
Cottle was detailed to ascertain the
truth of the old man's tale, and he pro
ceeded to the residence designated,
guided by the old man himself.
"They were met by the daughter, who
disclaimed vehemently that she had
driven her father from home. It ap
pears that he had left his midday meal
untouched when he left to go to the
Almshouse, and the dishes were shown
to Cottle to prpve that the old man
was well provided for In the way of
food. He also had the best room in the
house, as Cottle further learned.
" 'Well,* said Cottle, turning to the
old gentleman, 'you seem to be all right
here. You do not want to go ' to the
Almshouse.'
"'Yes, I do,', replied the old man.
Then shaking his fist at his daughter
he excitedly exclaimed. 'There has not
been pie In this house for the last three
months, and she knows how much I
like pie.*
" 'Well, you will not get pie at the
Almshouse, my friend,' said Cottle, and
only then did the old man decide to re
main with his daughter."
The Misanthrope.
He neither joys nor grieves.
But cavils and mistrusts;
His hopes are like the wizened leaves.
Swirled down the autumn gusts.
He looks askance at" Life,
If so be Mirth lurk near;
He has ill-humored Doubt to wife,
And Is the slave of Sneer.
He makes a mock of Love.
And all that on her wait:
Yet; howsoe'er desire may move.
He cannot rise to Hate.
Crimes of a- former birth
Must wreak on him their spell.
Else why, while yet 1 , upon this earth.
Must he abide in hell? -
. — Clinton Scollard. in Smart Set.
'Dangerous Experiments.
Experiments on the brain of a living
subject with electric currents have been
comparatively rare, as - there has pre
vailed among physicians and physiolo
gists the idea that such a course of
experimentation was extremely danger
ous. There have recently been pub
lished, however, records of some ex
periments carried on by M. S. Leduc.
with the. object of using the electric
current to produce sleep and of study
ing: its effects on the brain generally.
In early experiments it was shown that
the brain Is the best conductor of elec
tricity In the human body, being about
3000 times more conducting than mus
cle. It "was also observed that when a
continuous current was passed through
the head from one ear to the other,
that the sensation of giddiness was pro
duced, and that objects appeared to re
volve in the same direction as the cur
rtnt flowed. However, when the elect
rodes are placed on the forehead and
neck and the current sent from back
to front, the effects are Innocuous so
long as a mild current is used, and in
some cases may be beneficial. Acc6rd
ing to M. Leduc, the most satisfactory
current' is one of 4 milliamperes at 30
volts, which ia broken or interrupted
IOC. times a second for nine-tenths- of
the period of interruption. The prst
effect noted was the disappearance of
the faculty of speech, after which fol
lowed the loss of the motor faculties.
Under ordinary conditions there la no
affection of the respiration or pulse
unless the current is Increased, and
then it may cease. The patient is said
to awaken instantaneously from the
electric sleep and to experience a feel
ing of refreshment. — Harper's Weekly.
The Call's War Service.
The Call has had occasion to feel
justly proud of its war service. Start
ing with an exclusive announcement of
the first clash in the eastern inbroglio,
The Call has consistently furnished Its
readers with a conservative and com
plete account of affairs in the Orient.
That its enterprise has been appreci
ated by the interior papers is shewn
by their. frank and hearty congratula-
tians.
The- 5fodesto Herald says: "The San
Francisco Call has been signally scoop-
Ing its contemporaries on th.e war
news, giving the first information- of
the outbreak of hostilities and follow
ing it with the first accuunt of that
outbreak— the successful dash of the
Japs on the Russian fleet at Port Ar
thur — by an eye witness. Good paper.
The Call."
From the Palo Alto Times comes
this: "The San Francisco Call Is giv
ing excellent reports from the scene of
the war in the Orient. Its publishers
announce that they will have the serv
ice of every reliable news agency in
America and Europe, and have sent
the noted correspondent. Oscar King
Davis, as a special representative.
Such enterprise will add to the popu-
larity of The Call."
The Jamestown Mother Lode remarks
that "The San Francisco Call, is not
only giving its readers special dis
patches from the seat of war in the?
Far East In advance of its competitors,
but its illustrations of current events
make it the best daily paper in the
United States." : -L', -, ' ■ ..-V
Anszvers to Queries.
FOOTBALL— S. H. E.. City. Th»
football practice games at this time
are at the Presidio athletic grounds;
Idora Park. Oakland, and the cricket
ground, West Oakland.
MEAT INSPECTOR-A; S., City. A
person desiring to apply for a position
as: meat Inspector under the United
States Government must be 20 years of
age or over and must be a graduate of
a veterinary college. -:^.— .<.,
• COPYRIGHT— Writer. City. The
copyright law of the United States se
cures to authors and their assigns the
exclusive. right to translate or drama
tize any of. their works. , No notice u
required to enforce this right.
SECRET SERVICE— A. S., City.
One seeking appointment in the secret
service of the United States Is required
to forward to the Secretary of the
Treasury an-' envelope marked per
sonal and containing a certain form
to be obtained from the Civil Servtee
Commission, properly executed and
such evidence as to 'experience, train
ing, qualifications and personal char
acteristics he may be able to- obtain,
without any reference to political or
religious affiliation, which may £e con
sidered as proof of fitnes3 for employ
ment in the service. References' must
be furnished. . " •
NATIONAL HOLIDAY — A Sub
scriber, City. There is no national
holiday in the United States, not even
the Fourth of July. " Congress bus' at
various times appointed special holi
days. In the second session "of the
Fifty-third Congress it passed an act
making Labor day a public holiday in
the. District of Columbia, and It' fcaa
recognized the existence • of certain
days as holidays for commercial pur
poses, but. with the exception named,
there is no general statute on the sub
ject. The proclamation of the Presi
dent designating a day of thanksgiv
ing only makes it a legal holiday In
the District of Columbia and the Ter
ritories and in those States which pro
vide by law for It.
Special information supplied daHy to
business houses and publJo men by.th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens). 23Q Cali
fornia street. Telephon* Main lOtt ' •
Townienda California stace fruits and
candies, 50c ■■«: pound. In artistic nre
etcned boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. abov« Call bio*. •ADVEBTISEME1TTS.
. Splendid New Goods
In Every Department.
■On even- floor, in evcrv department, new goods are
"^ -Z.i '
bein^ shown. New Dress Goods. Silks, Cloaks, Suits, Waists,
bk:rts. Trimmings, etc., arc displayed in great profusion.
The usual conservative prices prevail — you are sure of
saving money.
| Store Closed k\\ Day Tc-Day — Washington's Birthday |
New Fancy Eton Suits, $17.50
Fine quality white India Silk Waists, trimmed with cluster
over shoulders end fancy sleeve; full 9-gore flare trim- Q17 Cf)
nied skirt. Excellent value at $25.00. Sale price %pli.€/U
New India Silk Waists, $3.50
Fine quality white India Silk Waists, trimmed with cluster
tucks and lace insertion; full pouch fancy sleeve. Good 0*2 Cf\
value 2t 55.00. Special price &O»OU
New ChiKon Etamincs, 50c yard
Full range of colorings, especially tans, mode's, silver grays,
navys. new blues, reds, heliotropes, resedas, also champagne, cream
and black; the all-wdol double width quality; soft arid sheer. Cfl^
Regularly 75c a yard. Special price OUL*
New BlacK Silk Sicflians, 50c yard
An extra heavy iron frame weave in rich fast black color; very
s:lky finish; width 52 inches; suitable for Shirt Waist Suits and
Summer Skirts. Excellent value at $1.00 per vard. Spe- CZfk*-,
cial price, yard " OUC
New SilKs.
On Tuesday we will show some choice spring novelties in Fancy
Silks for Waists and Dresses, consisting of figured colored silks, gun-
metal effects and black and white stripes and checks. .t>i f\f\
per vard •• . v *pl.UU
$1.25 BlacK Taffeta SflKs, 89c yard
27-incH Rich Black Taffeta Silks, worth $1.25 per yard. QQ,,
Special price, yard OjsC
Novelty Kimona HandKer chiefs, 15c
Twentieth Century Novelty, suitable for pillow top?. <f
cushion covers, dusting caps, kimonas, etc. Special price, each. IOC
Linen Center Pieces, 25c each
Beautiful gray tinted linen center pieces with the cherry -y g'
and strawberry design. Special price, each £OC
Laces and Trimmings
Latest novelties in Dress Trimmings and Laces, Persian Bands,
Chiffon Applique. Beaded Applique, Fiber Laces and Braids, Silk
Applique, etc. Prices ranging from 2."»c to !?-.i"O per j-ard.
20c Curtain Swiss, 12/4c yard
Splendid grade White Swiss with colored dots: suitable for sash
curtains, bedroom curtains, etc.; full 36 inches wide. Rcg-j^I/
"u!ar!y 20c yard. Special sale price, j-ard *£ /2,C
20c Extension Rods, 9c each
Made of highly polished brass; extend from 30 to 54 inches;
: suitable for long curtains. Worth regularly 20c each. Com- Q
p'ete with bracket?, each SrC
GEORGE W. DAY
FILLS A VOID
Jloiiolo?i?t That Heads Bill
• at Orpheum Is the Kind
of "Coon** That Pleases
Of the good things in this week's
bill at the Orpheum is George W. Day
"in Cork" — burnt. Mr. Day is a mon
ologist, of the sort Lew Hawkins used
to be, with a cpice of Billy Van to the
pood. He sings an uncommonly taking
j?>mg and te"s a better story with a
humor that is positively obese. His
jrrt is unexpected as an upturned tack,
end as convincing. Nor is Mr. Day's
large and friendly fashion of taking the
audience into his confidence the least
<.$■ his seductions. In short he is the
kind of '.'coon" the variety stage is
j hungering for. and the headlight of the
week's programme. *\
Fllsan and Errol have in "The Black
Oat," by Judfcon C. Brusie, a sketch
'that should win. As it is. the little
j>!aylet's freshness of plot — that does
not reed more liian the usual gTain of
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
\
CEVEXOFirG A3D TKVXTVSG.
• ■ A t\s j'i«nt> dawrn !a r>nc-«.« end a h'g
jfirrp ui> ::j <jv-*iily ct «ork art- two thinss
ti-at I tm\— rrrcitl nince I ha\«> been
". • raced in th'.» busicese. I am dolne a, tr*-
rr^ndous arr.ccnt cf Kodak Developing and
ifiBlSBfl hi-'t I can take good care cf
-c.ur work a!*o. It I'm not <Joirjff ft now,
, "«;•<-■ o* * trltl - IIer * ■^ • tew Ggi:Tes:
DEVELOPING, j miN'TIN-O.v
"o'l cf « 10c 5?clio finish.. 3c to B<-
'"•' £ o [i of U! 15c i Velcx finish . -3c to 6c
I a.:so carry a cooiptet* stock or films in
".i!l pop^ 1 " 1 " ■**•* * l 1o*ert prices. Mail or-
C>t* trornpi^y atitnded to.
. tHAT JVIAN PITTS
y. \V. PITTS. The Ftaticner.
1CS8 KAEJtET ST, Above Powell.
Sun Francleco, Cal.
•_ _ .
\A/. X. HESS,
irctarr Fablie ana Attorncy-a.t-X«aw.
7rsUi Fluor. :.' - . :n IHUd Claus ,-.^;uiit:. bids.
T( .< i he • .* Main 9S3. *
■»?»>!•'.• r.-t. 1H02 McAllister at.
r.cf.c-r. •<■ TeicjiSone Pace T.C4J.
Ah»/«ys Reajrjnber the Foil ,N*me
"g axative ftrotno r\?r t nme
Ceres aCcld in One Day, Crrp in 2 Days
J£ (VL Jj oaevery
(9> /r&fanru* tw. 23c
salt for conviction— its bright lines and
a certain engaging human quality, do
not save it from unintentional absurd
ity. "The Black Cat" needs the pen
cil that is blue ar.d a careful hour with
Its incident. Al Filson as the miner
down on his luck was a little over
strenuous in his smile, but otherwise
enjoyable. As his wife Miss Lee Errol
gave a quaint and thoroughly humor
ous impersonation. The audience gave
every evidence of pleasure in their
work In true Orpheum fashion.
Eddie Girard, who is weirdiy good
as a monkey, and Jes?ie Gardner— who
could give points in clear and delicate
ly pretty elocution to many of the
haughty legitimate— have the other
sketch on the bill. Barring the above
recommendations "Dooley and the Dia
mond" is of the superfluous order of en-
tertainment.
A shift of turns gave the audience
a chance to enjoy at leisure some of
the cleverest horizontal bar work that
she Orpheum has seen for some time.
Morris and Bowen, scheduled for the
usual acrobatic moment before the bio
graph, were transposed to the middle
olio, to do some of the best work of,,
the programme. Their turn is a
comedy one and as funny as it is acro
batically good.
The Va.ssar girls lead the holdovers
ar.d are in their last week. Harry
Thomson, the "Mayor of the Bowery,"
and the Werner- Amoros troupe, com
plete the bill, with a blograph that
should not be missed.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
• • •
Fathers and mothers who wish to
learn to what state of mental develop
ment a child may reach should go to
Fee "Human Hearts" at the California
this week. There is a little baby
playing there, "Little Myrtle Barker"
by name, who is the apotheosis of all
childish acting that has ever appeared
on this or other shores. She numbers
less than five years to her credit in this
mundane sphere, but one cannot help
remembering on seeing her the lines
of Shelly, "We look before and after,
and pine for what is not." She is of
the substance that Bernhardts and
Siddonses are made of. In size she
reaches the shoetops of the brawny
Etrutters of the play: in effect she Is
a giant among pigmies.
AH the damp handkerchiefs that the
women wrung out silently under the
seats were due to the real touch of hu
man nature that this real human child
added to the piece. There is a brawny
blacksmith, unjustly sentenced to
prison; an unscrupulous woman, a
blind mother, a villain with store-made
clothes and a tramp who really should
be in better company. Thelb played
out an old style drama in-*a common
place way, but the child Was the play.
An I£njoj-able Day Trip.
Note new homes and other Jmprorernents
r.ow under way In Mill Valley, Corte Madera
Rose Valley. San Acselrno. etc. Mc»t attrac
tive *uburban district near San P"rancisco (30
tnlnules to one hour distant). Tjjird rail elec
tr>- trains via Sau;allto Ferry leave at 7-r.fl
S:CC. 0:00, 10:«X», 11:00 a. m., 12:20 1 : 45*
3:13. 4:15. 5:15. C:15, 7:<K>. 8:45. 10-20 and
11:43 p. m. Round trip 25c to 50c. Monthly
commutation, 5:: 00 to $5 00. Get copy of
"F.ucny Suburban Homes." JJorth Shore Of-
Uce. C26 Market street. .
Some people appear to think that they
should be able to stop at a hotel dur
ing a convention by saying: "Hello!" to
thf* hotel clerk. — Chicago News.
If it's a Chicago hc-te! the truest is
fully justified in versing the exclama
tion when the clerk hands him the bill.
—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY.. FEBRUARY 22, 1904.
SKINNER TELLS
OF ABYSSINIA
Results of the Novel Expe
dition to the Realm of
King Menelik Are published
EXHIBITS FROM ETHIOPIA
3Ionarch Proposes to Display
Products at St. Louis Exposi
tion and Promises Good Will
WASHINGTON. Feb. 21.— How the
United States has come Into trade re
lations with a new region containing
10,000.000 of people is briefly told in
the report to Mr. Loomis, the Assistant
Secretary of State, of Robert P. Skin
ner, the American Consul General at
Marseilles. France, on his highly suc
cessful mission to Abyssinia last No
vember for the purpose of negotiating
with King Menelik a trade treaty and
to collect information about the com
mercial resources of that country.
As a result of this mission Mr. Skin
ner negotiated a treaty which, if ac
ceptable, will secure for the United
States the most favored nation priv
ileges in Ethiopia and will guarantee
to American citizens and merchandise
immunity from discrimination in rates
on all public roads and lines of com-
munication.
In addition Mr. Skinner prevailed
upon King Menelik to accept an invi
tation for his country to participate
in the St. Louis exposition and pre
liminary arrangements for a compre
hensive exhibit at St. Louis have been
made. The King will send during the
coming summer a commission of dis
tinguished and representative men
who will have charge of the exhibit.
Mr. Skinner, after narrating these
facts, says:
"Acting on the part of the Interior
Department I have secured a collec
tion of the seeds of the more impor
tant crops peculiar to Ethiopia, a
number of which may be found avail
able in the exploitation of the uncul
tivated western lands of the United
States, now being made available by
the extension of our irrigation system.
ABYSSINIA'S RESOURCES.
I "I have also in hand material for a
report on the agricultural resources of
Abyssinia. The Agricultural Depart
ment particularly desired to secure a
collection of wild coffee seeds for ex
perimental purposes. These could not
be obtained during my visit, but have
been ordered and ultimately will be
forwarded. Such a collection could be
found only in Kaffa, a remote province,
access to which Involves a long and ex
pensive journey. The experts of the
Agricultural Department have a theory
that the degeneration of the modern
coffee p'ant is due to the fact that cof
fee culture has been based on seed orig
inally imported from Arabia, and that
by getting back to the wild coffee
plant, the habitat of which is in the
province of Kaffa, a new variety may
be created, the value of which will be
I incalculable.
"My endeavor to secure a pair of
zebras for cross-breeding purposes was
also in vain. These animals are exceed
ingly rare and difficult to capture alive.
I have left instructions, however. In re
gard to this matter, and trust to be
able to supply two of these animals
! some time in the future.
J "The presence of the mission in Eth
1 iopia has had the effect of turning her
• attention toward the United States as
I a probable source of supply for many
manufactured articles for which an ex
panding market is certain to re
sult upon the completion of the rail
way, and as a probable consuming
market for such product as may be
available for export."
RECEPTION* BY MEXELIK. ■
Mr. Skinner records In detail his ex
pedition to Abyssinia from the time he
left New York on October 8 up to the
day on which he set sail, January 15.
He calls attention to the prompt facil
ities which the French Government of
fered for the progress of the expedi
tion across French territory. Mr. Skin
ner gives this picturesque description
of his reception by the Emperor:
"Two hours after camping, accom
panied by M. Chefnux (Counsellor of
State) the mission set out for the
Aderach, or seat of government, ac
companied by an Ethiopian escort of
2000 men under command of a dis
tinguished general. Although our re
ception at Harrar had not been devoid
of military pomp, we were astonished
and our appreciation of the picturesque
gratified by this glimpse of Ethiopian
troops upon a ceremonial occasion. Ar
rayed in gorgeous silks and satins, with
lion and leopard skin mantles, gold and
silver plated buckles, carrying lances
from which floated the national colors,
mounted upon spirited horses, they gal
loped into formation, the order of which
was an apparent disorder, a scene as
indescribable as it was memorable. A
band cf shaw-players heralded our
coming with weird music, which has
not been changed since the fall of Jeri
cho.
"At the palace of Guehl, our escort
fell back and the mission, always ac
companied by the marines and blue
jackets, proceeded through a series of
courtyards and after receiving a salute
from a company of 200 native artillery
men under the command of an Euro
pean officer and a further salute of
twenty-one guns in honor of the United
States, we entered the Aderach. an
audience chamber of cathedral-like
proportions. The Emperor sat upon
his throne, surrounded by his more Im
portant advisers, representing the ad
ministrative department, the Judiciary,
the army and the church. Back of the
two rows of pillars supporting the roof
were massed several thousand of the
leading people of the addisababa, all
In-Holiday regalia. Our reception was
cordial but formal. ' •
NINE DAYS* CONFERENCE.
For nine days Mr. Skinner was In
conference with the Emperor and his
chiefs of staff. At the farewell audi
ence the Emperor received the entire
expedition and bestowed decorations
upon all the officers of the expedition,
and presented medals to the marines.
Ta Mr. Skinner the Emperor gave two
young lions and a pair of elephant
tusks, together with a personal letter
of friendship and good will addressed
to the President, which he gave as tes
timonials of his friendship and good
will to the United States. Of the na
tion's resources Mr. Skinner said:
"The empire holds out no attractions
ISTHMIAN WORK
TO BE HURRIED
Senators Will' Eatify the
Treaty and^ the President
Will Name * Commission
BEISK ACTION FOR C^NAL
Legislation Is to Be Pressed
to Insure the Construction
of the Great Waterway
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21. — Final
steps will be taken this week toward
beginning the construction of the isth
mian canal by the United States Gov
ernment. The treaty will be ratified
by the Senate on Tuesday and the
commission announced by the Presi
dent on Wednesday.
According to the latest poll, made
yesterday and to-day, .there will be
seventeen Democratic Votes against
the treaty. These are: Senators Bailey,.
Carmack, Daniel, Morgan, Blackburn,
Teller, Gorman, Newlands, Culberson,
Bates, Martin, Pettus, Overman, Du
bois, Tillman, Patterson and Mc-
Laurin.
The Democratic Senators who will
vote for the treaty are: Simmons, Ba
con, Mallory. Money, Stone, Berry,
McEnerny, Latimer, Clay, Taliaferro,
McCreary, Cockrell, Clarke (Arkan
sas), Foster and Gibson.
According to present indications and
the belief of all the majority leaders
there will be no. Republican vote
against the treaty.
Only three members of the .Canal
Commission to be announced on
Wednesday are known to a certainty,
except to the President and his ad
visers. These are Rear. Admiral John
G. Walker, General George W. Davis
and Colonel Frank G. Hecker of* De
troit. Colonel Hecker's appointment
was urged by the late Senator Hanna
and before his death President Roose
velt promised Mr. Hanna that he
would appoint him.
While the ratification of the treaty
is the last important step toward the
building of the canal, other legislation
will be pressed before the present ses
sion ends giving to the Canal Commis
sion proper authority over the strip of
land through which the canal will be
Aug.
The Headsman's Defense.
Deibler Jr.. who has succeeded his
father as public executioner of France,
has sent, through a process server, a
letter to a Journal by which he con
siders that he has been libeled. The
newspaper had attacked the principle
of capital punishment in general, and
the present guillotine operator in par
ticular. The remarks in Deibler's let
ter are quite worth quoting. He ob
serves that the journal has fallen into
the common mistake of coupling the
functionary with the function. If the
writer had taken the trouble to make
inquiries he would haver found out
that, in this Instance, the man and the
institution are to be considered apart
As a matter of fact, Diebler himself,
strongly disapproves of capital pun
ishment. "But," he adds, with a- yet
more sardonic humor, "one must
live." — London Daily Telegraph.
"Have you heard the latest? Brown's
wife has run. off with his chauffeur."
"Mercy, what a pity! He was such a
good chauffeur! • Brown will never be
able to replace him."— Smart Set.
to the commercial adventurer with
limited means. Too many of Euro
peans now in the field are of that class
and the Emperor, with just reason, is
weary of the constant clamor for con
cessions from all sorts and conditions
of persons whose only object is to find
a purchaser at an exorbitant figure. On
the other hand, enterprises planned
with skill and backed with sufficient
capital may be undertaken and carried
out with every assurance that property
interests will be respected by the Gov
ernment and that promoters of such
enterprises will be welcomed with a
catholic spirit."
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS,
strir axtb snow
Sometinjes Kelp the Hair to Go.
In "any changeable climate the hair Is
apt to become brittle and to break oft
ptubby here and there. This makes a
hair-dressins almost a necessity, espe-
cially to ladies. In using a hair-dressing
why not get the best, one that combines
with it the efficiency in killing the dan-
druff germ, the germ that' eats the hair
off at the roots, causing what Is called
falling hair, and in time baldness. New-
bro's VHerpicide" Is that kind of a" hair-
dressing. You have no idea how delight- 1
ful your scalp will feel, and how stylish
your hair will appear, after an applica-
tion or two of Herpicide.' It is certainly
a wonderful innovation ss a scalp anti-
septic and halr-dressJng.. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sam-
ple to The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants aad Children. - ; r
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the //./^TT 1
Signature of C^£«>VX /'&c&Z6&f
(5 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
kuSEUi OF ANATOMY^
\ Or he '-"<"? Anataaieal Miueam in tbe \
43 . ifJlp' World. Weikumn or »>,jr contracted^
' ffiSyg <*"«"* P»"ltt»»-ly rmrmi hy the oklest T
O (Er Speci«li»t oa the C011L Eit $•> jsiri. ©
A fl§? OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ F d55& Ces»ult«tlon fret «nd strictly pri»ate. \
Ml S*T Tiunmai pmoully or by tetter. A B
\ m J r q fnitir§ Own ta eyery ca» trndcrtaken. \
Ami 111 Writefor B**k, PWLOIOPBVaf A
V ■ [1 t« ■Aanuec. mailed fkxk. (ay
/i W tr "Suable bcok for mrn) j.
V I»R. JUBD1S A CO.. 105lMark-ft«t..S. F. V
1a3 Lv^ IBs! Bpi BM [ • -
BADWAY'S BEAST EEIilEr has stood
unrivaled before the public (or 6i> years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore: Throats, Influenza; . Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally,
tor Malaria and all Bowel Fain. All drugfisu.-
OT ~-'. ~~~_ '" - =^=^— ZJ^*y^^ ' _^-+£_^-ii^Z_J~±~ ' ' '_''''■' ' '■■- \ ?| I
1 Has kept the prices of furniture and carpets down to its ffl
I proper level. On May 1st this hand will be removed and this W
|| immense store will close. From that day on you will have h]
M to pay double the prices you can now buy furniture and r\
I carpets for at PATTOSIEN'S GREAT RETIRING SALE. H
!|k a word to thb wise is sufficient. ip
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia ;
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned.- Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
Ji^K IMPROVED P^S
S 1 s Eyeglasses ML
a |^
Spectacles s
v -5eZiui» 'si Se^ n% Pv smiT^sJTm
■ Pniar^ dontfailto
iUiaVV Bee the beantifni
j COURT Lounging
vllifl room, th* EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, tho
r J PALM ROOM, tho
(iniflu LOUIS XV PAR.
uiuuu LOR^ Md LA-
n^4- rt 1« DIES ' WRITING
I Hotels room.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUABANTEED CXTSE TOB MEN.
HAS2IX.ESS IK JECTIOH. Cures ordinary
; cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. SO OTEEE TBEATMEUT
REQXTIHED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PEEVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $1.00 p?r bottle, expressed. For sale only
T. S. KEImIbY'S PHARMACY, 102 Eddy.
Gf! B r% & J^k AmmunlUen. Hunting and
■ yTOH*v Sporting Oooda. Lirjut
9 B B*3 *^i stock. I^cwtst prices. Sena
O I M fLjB tilRSVE & BARBER CO,
1wV Market St. and 621
Kearny at.
■
ASTHMANOLA
' Is the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial A3THMA,
Tour Drucziet or at &'Ja HA1GHT ST.,
San Francisco. CaL ,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; rives health ■ and
Mi— <*cth to *exual organs. Depot. S23 Market.
AMUSEMENTS^
Racing !iSB^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
: Commencing February 22.
Kacinz Each "Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. hi. sharp.
For special'tralns stoppinE at the track take
S. P. terry, foot of Jiark»t street, at 11!. 12:UO,
1 :C(>; 1 :30 or 2 o'clock. - No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved lor ladles and their
escorts. • .
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:13 and immediately after the last race.
*THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. . .
PATTOSIEN'S.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLRS5&
Special Uatlnee To-Day, Waihiafrtoa'i
BixthflayJ
POSITIVELY LAST WEEK
of the Unprecedented Success.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
AIATINEE SATURDAY. •?
ZXonaay, Teh. 29— THE GYPSY BASON.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN ENGLISH OF
SIG. DOMENICO RUSSO.
• The Favorita Tenor.
Usual Popular Prices 25c. 50c and 75c
Box Seats.. $1.00
CALIFORNIA
fS TO-KIGHT
W. C. NANKEVILLE'S
Successful Melodrama. p
..HUMAN HEARTS,. I
An Idyl of the Arkansas Hills. Fj
Next Sunday — James A. Herne'a I J
p. Famous Comedy. s
I SAG HARBOR J
a Under the Personal Direction of Mrs. m
W .,.•■. ■ .• . Herne. —- :-«-..: |j
SPECIAL MATINED TO-DAY (WASHING-
TON'S BIRTHDAY).
Look at the Names!
1 Filson and Errol; Girard and Gardner;
Georgre W. Say; Morris and Bowea;
Elirnt Vassar Girls; Werner-Amoros
Troupe; Harry Thomson, and Orpheum
Kotion Pictures, Illustrating Longfel-
low's "Hiawatha."
Regular Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 23c
and 50c.
The 1~ oi Qup
Father | "country
■Would Have Paid Ten Dollars If He Could
Have Seen
ROLY POLY
COME TO THE
MATIXEE THIS AFTERXOOX.
No Better Musical Comedy!
Nothing Ever So Funny!
Our "All Star" Cast. Including: KOLB AND
DILL. JOHN PE-ACHEr, BEN T. DILLON-
ALLEN tTL'RTIS. HELEN RUSSELL, NEL^
LIE LYNCH.
Monday. March 7 — "THE ROUNDERS."
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and iOc.
2tj l >J*|fcS|K(Ei a i e| t4 iSH
EV «3 rla 5 Sr XHK^i u Js *^0
THE KILTIES
Greatest Concert Band in America,
Combined with Scottish Vaudeville —
SISGEES, SAKCEBS, PIPEJtS, ETC.
tommenclng To-Morrow Night fB c a^% t
Mats. Wednesday, Friday. Saturday. Sunday.
Reserved Seats, $1, 75c, 50c. Children 25b
Box Qftice To-Day at Albambra •• H #S*i5 7l
- ■ Bait el Eagtgemest at Shenau, Cltr k Ct.'s.
Coming, ..AROLD BAUER. Pianist
IERCESI
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
, RWE4KWOMEW,
AMUSEMENTS.
\um IHUI28
Beglnninff TO-N'IGHT.
.n^ TE T7i D 'v rll V: th!> * n S8.gtmtnt Perforai-
Sa^ 8 I t I^ G s i a7u n^ 8!ltly - IaClUd13 ' S -
Limited Tour and Farewell Appearane*.
DENMAN THOMPSON
(HIMSELF)
In the Greatest of All Rural Plays,
THE OLD
HOMESTEAD
Tr»r»x?T^ Www
Seg^inmxg ....MATINEE TO-DAY
The Youn* Slnjlnl Irish Comedian
THOMAS J. SMITH
A>*D A COMPACT OP ABrLITT
In Con T. Murphy's Comedy Dnun*
H GAMEKEEPER
REGULAR MATIXEE SATURDAY
PRICES « Ve .? !n * S 15c « 25c. We. TSo
1A1WLJ Matinees , ijc, 23c, 50a
ALGAZAircF&g~
O«n«nU M«=ae-r.
Openlns; -With Special
HOLIDAY MATI1VEE TO-DAY
The Hilarious Farcical Comedy,
The WrongI g. •
Mr. Wright «-
BRIMFUL OF MERRTMENT.
ETrs., 23o to 75c. Mats.. Sat ft 8un.. 23a to 30c
NEXT MONDAY— J. K. JTerome's Corner.
Annie Russell. AlIoS HOBBS
IN ACTIVE PREPARATION— PARSIFAL
CENTRAL'^
Market Street, Near Elghtn.. Phone Sooth 533
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY MATINEE
TO-DAY. -
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Regular Matinees Saturday aad Sunday.
The Mammoth Oriental Spectacle
KING Of THE
OPIUM RING
A Stupendous Production! Gorgeous Scenery!
; - . Panorama of San Francisco Bay*
The Opium Dena of Chinatown!
Human Ladder of Acrobatic Chinks?
PRICFS f™ 111 * 3 10c to BAe
rAlVCJ Matinees i(v. l.V. 2U
Next— A BREAK FOR LIBERTY.
Ziska and Kin?,
Kelly and Violette, Inring Jones
—..AND A OSSAT SX0W__
Every Atternoon and Eventaar la till
Heated Tie*ter.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPIN2
BABIES IN* THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
fireworks"to-night
In. Honor of Washlnston's Birthday.
* Admission. 10c; Children, 5c.
When Phoning. Aak for "The Chatta."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS*
GRAND EXHIBITION
OF SUBMARINE TORPEDO BOATS
VNDER WATER AT RED ROCK
MONDAY. February 22.
Steamers SUNOX* and COLUM3L\
Leave Washington-st. Wharf. Pier 3, at 10:3a
Round Trip $1.
XAPA EXCURSION POSTPONED.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAS.
78
GOVERNOR PARDEE DEALS WITH IMPORTANT TOPIC OF IRRIGATION.
ARTHUR R. BRIGGS DEFINES DUTY OF THE STATE BOARD OF TRADE
IRISH PEOPLE
TO HAVE HALL
Delegates From Various Gaelic
Societies Vote on Disposition
of St. Patrick's Day Funds
A BOUSING MEETING HELD
Citizens From Emerald Isle
.Want to Have a Building- That
Will Be Monument to Them
The Irish population of San Fran
cisco is to have a hall of its own in
■which the various Gaelic societies can
hold their meetings and entertainments.
The executive committee of the an
nual convention of Irish societies for
the formulation of plans for the cele
bration of St. Patrick's day met yes
terday afternoon at the hall of the
Knights of the Red Branch at 1133
Misskm street.
After a lengthy discussion by the
various members present it was voted
that the funds derived from the athletic
and literary exercises to be held on
St. Patrick's day be used in the pur
chase of a eite and the erection of a
haU for the Irish people of San Fran
cisco. The money is to be turned over
to the Celtic Hall Association, which
now has the sum of $11,000. With the
present fund and the one which the
Irish people expect to raise by their
St. Patrick's day celebration, it Is be
lieved that a fine site can be purchased
and a hall be erected that would be
an everlasting monument to the Irish
citizens of this citv.
Delegates representing all of the
Irish societies in the city were present
and a rousing meeting was held. Among
those who were active in the dlscus
eion as to the disposition to be made
of th* funds derived from the St.
Patrick's day celebration were John
Mulhern, T. P. O'Dowd, Peter Tariony,
James B. Heggerty, J. B. Moriarlty,
John P. McQuire. J. J. Smith. William
Mulvin, J. P. KeUeL.r and J. O'Con
nor.
Meetings for the promulgation of
plans for St. Patrick's day exercises
■were begun a week ago Sunday and
will be held every Sunday afternoon
until the 17th of March. At the meet
ing yesterday some of the delegates
advocated the using of the money they
expected to get In the reconstruction
of the Knights of the Red Branch Hall
and make that an Irish hall. The ma
jority of the delegates, however, fa
vored the purchase of a new site and
the erection of a brand new building.
The plans so far for the observing
of the Irish celebration day have not
been completed, but It is understood
that they will not vary materially
from the ones of previous years.
PAINTER IS A VICTIM
OF CARBON MONOXIDE
J. II. Johnson Found Dead fn Bed in
His Room With Gas Turned
On lull.
J. II. Johnson, a painter, was found
dead in his room at 2S7 Natoma street
yesterday morning. The room was full
of gas, which was escaping from the
Jet. It was turned on full, the door
was locked and both windows were
closed. One of the other roomers, John
Loesch, had to gain an entrance by
climbing through a window. Whether
It was a case of accidental death or sui
cide has not yet been determined. The
body was removed to the Morgue.
Johnson was a single man, 30 years
of age, and had been living for two
years in the house. Mrs. Bertha Hage
dorn, the landlady, told Detective SH
vey that Johnson had gone to his room
about 1 o'clock yesterday morning and
at 9 o'clock he was discovered dead in
bed. She said Johnson used to drink,
but not to excess. Johnson had taken
home with him a flask of whisky and
had emptied it. A device for secreting
cards up a sleeve was found 4n the
room and $35 in gold.
Hobbcd of Bottle of Whisky.
Louis SchuHz, a cook living at 523
Howard street, complained to Police
man McMurray about 6 o'clock yester
day morning that two men had seized
him by the throat in E. P. Peterpon's
saloon. Second and Howard ' streets.
while a third had stolen a bottle of
whisky from his pocket. McMurray
accompanied Schultz back to the sa
loon and was told by the barkeeper
that the men were fooling with Srhultz
and one of them bought another bottle
of whisky and offered it to Schultz,
who refused to take it. Schultz said
there was no fooling, and that he knew
one of the men and would swear out
a warrant for his arref-t.
I Joy Parts With Money.
Ernest Michaux, a boy from Nevada,
went into a ten-cent show at 906 Kear
ny street yesterday afternoon and was
steered against a dice game, losing $48,
all the money he had. He cbmplained
to the police and Detectives Ryan, Tay
lor and Anthony arrested William B.
Silver, J. B. McGregor, Joe Sanchez
and Ed Garcia. When searched at the
City Prison Silver had $218 in his pock
ets and McGregor $54 75. They were
locked up In "the tanks" pending fur
ther investigation.
Dies From Fractured Skull.
Long Gee, a Chinese, died yester
day from a fracture at the base of the
.Ekull. He was riding on the dummy of
a Geary street car on Saturday after
noon and fell off while the car "was
rounding the curve at Fifth and Point
Lobos avenues. He was warned by
H. Gorman, the grlpman, to look out
for the curve. He was rolling a cigar
ette at the time and paid no attention
to the warning. He was taken to the
French Hospital, from there to the
Park Emergency Hospital and thence
to his home at 917% Dupont street,
where he died. The body was taken
to the Morgue. Nf&i
Sir Thomas Lipton may proceed in
serene consciousness that defeat will
not damage his popularity.—Wash
ington Star.
Twenty Million Can Find
Support in Great
California.
Only Prerequisite Needed
Is Perfect Systems
. for Water.
BY GEOKGE C. PARDEE,
GOVERXOU Ol$ CALIFORNIA.
The irrigation of ancient Egypt
should be a most interesting and im
portant question to every loyal Call
fornian. It has come to be understood
here in California that, while we now
nave a population of less than a mil
lion and three-Quarters, we might, if
we could only properly cultivate our
25,000,000 acres of arable land, sup
port in comfort, yes, in luxury and af
fluence, easily 20,000,000 of happy and
contented people.
We know that in the Valley of the
Po, in ItaJy, there live, in Italian com
fort, 8,000,000 of people on 3,000,000 acres
of land. They take the water from
the River Po and put it on their lands
at such times and in such quantities
as their crops demand. Nature cannot
be depended on to give us rains in
such quantity and at such times as
will exactly .fulfill the needs of the
husbandmen. Sometimes Jupiter Plu
vlus pours down too much water to
plea*e us y - for the moment; at other
times he withholds his life-giving
showers. And, if we depend entirely
on his whims and fancies, too often
are we deceived by the tricky god's
fair promises and our crops do not ful
fill our expectations.
PATH TO INDEPENDENCE.
But, give the farmer his irrigating
ditch and he becomes Independent of
the god of rains. If the showers come,
well and good; if they do not come, he
laughs at nature and pours upon his
thirsty land, at Just such times and
In just such quantities, the water that
will Insure his crops and till his lands
to their full capacity.
If Egypt had, in Joseph's time, the
Irrigation svstem that she soon will
have, the seven lean years, of which
the story of Joseph's life so quaintly
speaks, would have caused no uneasi
ness to Pharoah, and it would not have
been necessary to fill the royal gran
aries with the products of the seven
fat years. And if the Valley of the
Po were deprived of its irrigating sys
tem, instead of 8,000,000 people living
on its fertile land, its population could
not be greater than one-third that
number, although the rainfall there is
greater than that which we have in
Fan Francisco.
But coming a little nearer home,
those of us who have been to Salt Lake
City and enjoyed the verdure and the
prosperity of that Mormon town, and
have contrasted It with the surround
ing barrenness of the desert, will ap
preciate how great a blessing irrigation
is. On this land, which, without the
irrigating ditch will raise nothing, are
raised fine apples, pears, plums, ber
ries, grapes and all the grains in amaz
ing Quantities. These old Mormons
were great people. Just think of choos
ing the Salt Lake Desert for an abid
ing place, when California, which they
knew all about through their scouts,
was only 700 miles away! But I'm glad
they did settle where they did, for it
gives us Californians an object lesson,
a; our verv doors, of what irrigation
will do for a people who have the en-
ergy to employ it
And here in California we have seen
with our own eyes the benefits of irri
gation. When I first knew SoutherA
California thirty-five years ago the
spots where Pasadena, Redlands and
Riverside now are were deserts, on
whose lean and dreary acres a few
head of cattle were able to pick up a
precarious living. It wrs a land of
cactus, rattlesnakes, jack rabbits and
coyotes. Out of what was then that
desert there go this year alone 30,000
cars of oranges. Several great cities
now people its former solitudes, and
Southern California has become a land
of wealth and luxurj\ What brought
it all about? "Why. nothing but the
wedding together of irrigation water
and the desert. 9
FACTS ARE TEACHERS.
Without the irrigating ditch Los An
geles rould be nothing but the village
It was before, asid Pasadena, Redlands
and Riverside could have no existence.
There would be no oranges thei"e, and
the millions of dollars that this indus
try alone brings into them would not
be theirs. To illustrate: Thirty years
ago the land v. here Riverside now is
raised nothing and was indeed a "des
ert." To-day there live, in affluence,
< n, 12,000 acres of this "desert" land,
10,000 people, with churches, schools,
libraries and banks galore. And noth
ing under heaven brought this about
but the putting on of water, through
the Irrigating ditch, at such times and
in such quantities as the intelligent
orange grower knew his trees de
manded.
Take Fresno for another example. A
quarter of a century ago the land that
produces a great part of the raisins
the United States now uses was.prac
tically a desert, worth, for sheep pas
ture in the springtime, $2 or $3 an
acre, although the average rainfall
there is about nine inches per annum.
But since the water of Kings River
has been put upon it that land is
worth J250 to $500 per acre. And, where
formerly the sheep herder* was lord of
all he surveyed, to-day, on 65,000 of
those Irrigated acres, there live, on
farms arid in the wealthy city of
Fresno, 23,000 people, whpse average
bank accounts are greater than any
other community of which I have any
knowledge.
The great valleys of the San Joaquin
and Sacramento, from Bakersfleld to
Redding, with the great rivers travers
ing them from end to end, now, T.ith
here and there a small and notable ex
ception, raise but a tithe of what
there should be raised. The towns are
small and few and far between, and
one rides sometimes for miles without
seeing even a farmhouse. Yet the 20,
000,000 acres of land lying in and Im
mediately tributary to those great
valleys is at least as fertile as that at
Riverside and Fresno. And were its
owners to put their dependence no
longer In the rains that fall from
heaven, but turn upon their acres the
water that now runs swiftly by them
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1904.
Transfer Canal for Nevada
Prepares to Draw
From River.
Work upon the large transfer canal
and its accessories from the Truckee
River to the Carson River reservoir
to be constructed was begun in Sep
tember, 1903, to be completed in four
teen months from date of beginning.
This canal when completed will be
about 31 miles in length and is intended
to carry all surplus floods of the
Truckee to a convenient point of dis
tribution adjacent to the large areas
of reclaimable lands in the broad
valley at the mouth of the Carson.
The obstacles to this are easily over
come in the favorable contours of the
divide between these two river systems,
the annual flow of the Truckee being
far in excess of the actual demands
at present for both Irrigation and
power purposes. Preliminary observa
tions of river flows, covering a period
of several years, have shown conclu
sively that the discharge of the
Truckee will more than meet the re
quirements of all the reclaimable
lands within both districts.
BIG RESERVOIR DAM.
The building of this particular, canal
Is to be immediately followed by the
erection of a big reservoir dam on the
Carson to receive Its flow, also distrib
uting canals from reservoir and main
line of canal. Another large canal
will connect the Truckee River system
with valuable lands near Pyramid
Lake. All, when completed, will ag
gregate from 80 to 100 miles of main
lines and as many miles more of lat
erals. The transfer canal from the
Truckee to the Carson has a capacity
of 50,000 to 60,000 miners* Inches. The
canal from Carson River to the vicin
ity of Stlllwater will have a greater
capacity at its intake, and the line
from the Truckee to Pyramid Lake
will have a capacity of perhaps 25,000
miners' inches
All unappropriated Government lands
within reach of the waters of this gen
eral system were by act! of Congress of
June 17, 1902, withdrawn from public
sale and are In the future to be held
subject to homestead entry only, and in
amounts ranging from eight acres of
first quality to perhaps 320 acres of the
poorest. This Is a detail, however, upon
which at the present time no definite
Information may be had, the Secretary
of the Interior reserving full powers as
to the final shaping of areas. The cost
of land to the homeseeker will be the
usual fees at the land office and a re
quirement of five years' actual occu
pancy of the land— no constructive resi
dence to go.
PLACING THE EXPENSE.
After completion of the entire system
the aggregate cost of the same will be
apportioned pro rata per acre on all
lands reclaimed and for sale or sold,
and such pro rata figure will be the
to the oeenn, villages, towns and cities
would spring up like magic, and where
now but tens of thousands live millions
would have their habitations.
LEARN FROM EGYPT.
So after all the irrigation of ancient
Egypt should be a most interesting and
Important question to every loyal Cal
ifornian. For, from the land of the
Pharaohs, the land whence Moses led
the children of Israel out of bondangs
across the receding Red Sea, the land
of mystery and ancient civilization,
the land of the Sphynx and the Pyra
mids, the land of deserts land of dense
population, the land where Cleopatra
and Anthony lived and loved— from this
ancient land we may learn a lesson
that will, if we will but heed it, teach
us how to make our beloved California
independent of the vagaries of the
gentle rain that falls from heaven,
and make our State a more beautiful
garden, a more fruitful paradise, than
ever mortal eyes dared hope to look
upon.
As you know, middle Egypt, from
Assuan to the mouth of the Nile, some
600 miles long by 8 miles broad, con
tains but 3,000,000 acres and the 3,
000,000 people who live there former
ly depended" upon the annual over
flow of the river Nile for the fertiliza
tion of their lands. But If the river
rose thirty feet above low water mark
great damage resulted to land and
crops, while, if the river did not rise
higher than eighteen feet a drought
and an absolute failure of crops was
sure to follow and a famine like those
of Biblical times resulted.
In order to conduct, the water from
the flood- full river to its parched and
thirsty lands, in order to raise the one
crop a year- upon which it depended
for its very existence, ancient Egypt
did just what the people of Southern
California have done and what r the
TYPICAL, SCENES ALONG THE LINE OF THE TRANSFER CANAL
THAT WILL DRAW WATER FROM THE TRUCKEE RIVER TO
MOISTEN AND FERTILIZE NEVADA'S DRY LANDS.
cost per acre to the landholder for
water. The landholder will be given the
option of paying in full at One payment
for water or payment In ten equal an
nual payments, at the end of which
time It is expected the Government will
turn the whole system, with ownership,
over to the landholders of the district,
Its general management to be subject
to the direction of a State Water Com
missioner, whose selection is within the
approval of the director of the United
States Geological Survey.
The lands of Nevada when well served
with water will hold their own against
the world in the present production of
beef, potatoes and beet sugar. The
present time and development mark the
beginning of an era of inestimable
scope and bearing upon the future of
the State.
The writer is indebted to L. H. Tay-
lor, engineer in charge, for much data.
The Civic Federation of Eureka,
Humboldt County, is striving to get a
new City Hall for Eureka. The Hum
boldt Times says the project looks well.
The Napa Board of Trade has reor
ganized under the name of the Napa
Chamber of Commerce with the follow
ing officers: Captain B. W. Parsons,
president; Frank R. Horstmeyer, vice
president; E. L. Bickford, treasurer,
and R. J. Little, secretary.
The Stockton Independent says that
midwinter linds building improve
ments under way in Stockton that rep
resent an expenditure of more than
51.000,000.
Monterey business men have formed
a Chamber of Commerce. The follow
ing are the first officers of the organ
ization: General William Quinton, U.
S. A., retired, president: T. J. Field, E.
A. Preble, W. W. James, vlce-presl-
people of Northern California must do
and are about to do, viz: irrigate.
RESULTS ARK CERTAIN'.
Real irrigation means freedom from
dependence on the rains. It means
that the husbandman can put in his
crops, several of them in a year, and
be sure that he can get water on the
land just when his growing plants
need it. It is only with this, which is
the only real kind of irrigation, under
which live crops of alfalfa can be
grown every year, as can be done in
many parts of California; it is only
in this way that the orange grower
can be sure of a crop. Without it
there would be no Pasadena, no Riv
erside, no Fresno, no Los Angeles.
And with it the great valleys of the
San Joaquin and Sacramento, the
great California "Valley of the Nile"
will beat the whole world — bar no
part of it— in all that goes to make
the happy living place of a dense and
prosperous population.
As I said in the beginning, the irri
gation of ancient Egypt, should be a
most interesting and. important ques
tion to every loyal Californlan.
YUBA WOMEN IN LINE.
Improvement Club Takes Up Work of
Bcautification. •'--:■ ?-■ *- - ';•■
The Sutter Independent says that the
Woman's Improvement Club of Yuba
City is^actlve. Several committees have
been appointed in which the following
named ladles are Included:
On Public Hall— Mr*. L. Schllllg. chairman;
Mrs. C. A. Duncan, Mrs C. E. McQuaid. Mrs.
L. H. Woodworth. Mrs. D.D. Green. Mrs. S.
F. Warren. Mrs. E. J. White. Mrs. Ida Camp
bell. Mrs. . J. F. Bickley, Mrs. Arthur Coats,
Mrs. ■ F. E. Luyster. Mrs. L. J. Cope, Mrs. G.
II. Magruder, Mrs.- J C. Gray, , Mrs. A. A.
McRae, Mrs. G. H. Klmball and Mrs. W. F.
Slough committee — Mrs A. G. Bremer. Mrs.
M. E. Sanborn. -Mr*. C. G. Kline. Mrs. H.'H.
dents; C. R. Few, secretary; L. O. Dale,
treasurer and assistant secretary; R.
F. Johnson, M. V. McQuigg, L. D. La
cey, J. P. Sargent, H. R. O'Bryan, A.
R. Underwood and C. W. Allen, direct
ors. The directors appointed General
Quintan, L. O. Dale and M. V. McQuigg
committee on printing; H. R. O'Bryan.
Kay and L. D. Lacey, com
mittee on promotion and publicity, and
L. O. Dale, H. R. O'Bryan and M.
Brick, committee on membership.
According to the Ilumboldt Times,
Pennsylvania capitalists will erect two
great mills in Humboldt County to
work up the lumber and will build
a railroad in connection with their
lumber business.
According to the Red Bluff Sentinel
It Is possible that a Swiss-Italian col
ony will be settled at the Blossom
ranch, twelve miles from Red Bluff.
Engineers have been instructed to
make plans embracing all that should
be done to improve the Sacramento
River.
A builders' exchange has been or-
ganized in Santa Rosa.
At the annual meeting of the Los
Gatos Board of Trade a communica
tion was received from Herbert E.
Law, in which he proposed that all
parties In Los Gatos should unite to*
make the place "the Pasadena of the
north." The idea took well.
The Grass Valley Promotion Com
mittee has appointed a committee to
provide the funds to get out descrip
tive literature for Grass Valley. This
committee consists of Dr. Jamieson,
W. G. Lord. 8. T. Jones. I. Haas, Frank
Dulmalne, W. E. Parsons, G. E. Main
hart, B. S. Rector, J. J. Jackson and
S. Lee Lelter. The Supervisors were
Invited to act with the committee."
Sohuessler. Mrs. J. W. Olblin. Mrs. T. F.
Glblln Mrs. Starr Walton Mrs. L. A. Walton,
Mr3. a. F Walton. Mrs. H. C. Clark. Mrs.
W. F. Teck and Mrs. E. J. White.
On stock ordinance — Mrs. L.. H. Woodworth,
Mrs. F. Cooper. Mrs. I* J. Cope, Mrs. S. F.
Warren, Mrs. Dan Stevenson and Mrs. W." H.
Chlsm.
Mrs. Phipps is the president of the
club. . :/--; ■;■■■
AMERICA GOT MOST
OF AWARDS AT PARIS
Official Report or French Exposition
Shows That the United States
Took the Lead.
NEW YORK. Feb. 21. — The official
report of the French Government re
lating to the Paris exposition of 1900
shows that this country carried off
the honors at that exposition. The
awards accorded to exhibitors of the
United States were 2379, Germany
1983, Great Britain 1865, Russia 1754.
Hungary 1351, Japan 1307, Austria
875 and a number of smaller nations
of lesser importance. This country's
awards comprise 221 grand • prizes,
563 gold medals, 725 silver, 529 bronze
and 240 honorable mention.
Jealous Woman Kills Rancher.
LA JUNTA. Colo., Feb. 21.->-In a fit
of jealousy Mis3 Lou Adams shot and
killed Patrick II. King Jr., a ranch
man in the European Hotel here.
Miss Adams is 26 years of age and is
the daughter of Mrs. Maggie Adams
of Garden City, Kas.
"The Stickit Minister" was begun late
one evening, and the bulk of it was
written in less than a week. Then, as
the author himself said afterward, he
"ignominiously lost hold." But after
a, little time, he was seized with fresh
inspiration and the rest of the book
was written in forty hours' actual
working time.
Projected Colonies Engage
Attention and Are
Promising.
Forthcoming Publication
Will Well Describe
Every County.
BY ARTHUR R. BRIGGS,
MANAGER STATE BOARD OF TRADE.
A true understanding of the work of
the California State Board of Trade
and a comprehensive view of its useful
ness can be had only through some
what intimate knowledge of what the
board does. The superficial observer is
disposed to think its obligations begin
and end in the daily routine of dis
tributing information in a mechanical
way and of keeping up and caring for
the exhibits of the State's resources,
which are maintained in the exhibit
room. Even contributors to the support
of the State board, as a rule, do not
find time to famalianze themselves
with the work that is being done, but
for the most part have but the brief
mention from time. to time In the col
umns of the daily press as a basis for
their belief that good results are being
accomplished.
RELATION* TO GROWTH.
The relation of the State Board of
Trade to the growth and prosperity of
the State Is by no means expressed
through the clerical duties of receiving
and answering the vast number of let
ters that come dally, asking for infor
mation of various kinds; or in enter
taining the throng of visitors that seek
the exhibit room, "or in the interest
manifested in the books, pamphlets,
maps and newspapers always at hand
and ready for use in the reading room.
This is a necessary detail, as is also
the looking after the preparation and
mail distribution of printed matter re
lating to the State, which calls for the
exercise of Intelligent and patient in
terest on the part of those having it
In. charge. But the more important
work requires a wide knowledge of the
geography of the State and of Its re
sources; a close relation to all the va
ried interests and the ability to analyze
conditions and treat them in an intelli
gent way.
Inquiry, largely of a specific kind,
continues to increase from month to
month, and the State board rooms are
sought by Eastern visitors, who repre
sent colony projects and who must
have practical demonstration and
actual knowledge on which to base re
ports and recommendations to the peo
ple they represent. Since the beginning
of the present year much of the time
of the manager has been given to this
specific work.
VISITORS ARE ESCORTED.
In addition to ascertaining from
Eastern , representatives their require
ments, the work Is followed up by go
ing through the State with them and
by affording opportunity for a careful
study of conditions and the opportuni
ties for establishing successful colonies
in the districts visited. Among the
very Important Eastern representatives
who have been in consultation with the
State board during the present month
may be mentioned the Rev. Dr. Carl A.
Swensson of LInsborg, Kans., and the
Rev. Dr. L. G. Abrahamson of Chicago,
two - distinguished representatives of
the Swedish Lutheran church in the
Middle "West. ,Their visit to California,
which «was mainly due to the efforts of
the State board, is likely to result in
Important colony settlements In the San
Joaquin Valley, vhere in their opinion
after a study of the situation great op-
portunities are presented.
The Rev. J. E. Seth of Superior. Wis.,
who Is now In' the State, is making in
quiry through the Sacramento Valley
with the hope of founding a large col
ony of Swedes of the independent Luth
eran faith. The Rev. Mr. Seth is the
pastor of the Scandinavian Mission in
Superior, WIs., and will have a large
following if suitable locations and con
ditions are found.
Much attention is also given to di
recting intending settlers who are seek
ing suitable locations for mercantile and
manufacturing enterprises, and there is
at present quite an inquiry for loca
tions In the interior of the State, where
opportunity is open for establishing
banks. In fact, people seeking oppor
tunity for investments in California,
whether in land for the purpose «f de
veloping farms or in any branch of
business In towns or cities, always re
ceive most careful attention.
ENCOURAGES INTERIOR.
Close relations are being established
with the counties and commercial bod
ies. This is accomplished through cor
respondence and by personal visits
from a representative of the board.
"While the value of county exhibits
properly maintained in the exhibit
room can scarcely be overvalued, no
county is discriminated against by rea
son of non-afflllation. From our point
of view no county can afford to be un
represented with an exhibit, but wheth
er it is or not its literature is carefully
and freely distributed. An object lesson
is always effective and lasting, and
when supported with reliable informa
tion attractively presented in printed
form benefit is sure to follow.
The State Board Is now issuing bulle
tins regularly at short Intervals, cov
ering a wide range of subjects. These
are prepared by members of the board
and others who have expert and prac
tical knowledge of the subject treated,
and there is wide inquiry for them as
soon as they are issued.
The annual reports of the board have
come to be recognized as standard au
thority on climate, productions and de
velopment of the State. #he report for
1903 is now in preparation and will be
more comprehensive than ever before.
The board has in contemplation a
work on the State throughout, in which
all the counties will be treated Individ
ually. In this publication, which is in
tended for free distribution, the coun
ties furnishing the best Information will
naturally have the advantage. It la
therefore a matter which merits care
ful consideration from the various com
mercial bodies, for on them devolves
the duty of having information pre
pared. BEs *
Every county has features of special
attraction, and If these are presented
In such form as to make them avail
able, the State Board of Trade is then
NEW HALL FOR
B'NAI B'RITH
Grand Lodge of District No. 4,
Decides to Erect a Bnilding
for Uses and Purposes of Order
REPORTS OF THE OFFICERS
They Show That the Organiza
tion Is Satisfactorily Acquir
ing Wealth and Membership
At the annual meeting of the Dis
trict Grand Lodge No. 4. Order of
B'nai B'rith. yesterday afternoon it was
decided to build a new hall. The sub
ject was brought up in the report of
the committee on property, which rec
ommended that a building be erected
as soon as possible for the uses arid
purposes of District Xo. 4. and the
report was adopted. Before final ad
journment of the Grand Lodge next
Tuesday ways and means will have
been provided for the construction of
the new hall. It is provided that the
Eddy street property is not to be en-
cumbered for that purpose.
Grand President W. A. Wise occu
pied the chair during the session-
Other officers present were Flr3t
Vice President M. H. Wascerwitz. Sec
ond Vice President Hugo K. Asher,
Treasurer Benjamin Harri3 and Sec
retary T. J. Aschheim.
The report of the grand president
showed the district to be In a satis
factory financial condition. The grand
secretary reported that during the
year 1903 there was a net increase of.
$9748 76 nominal assets, making the
total $120, 39& 69. The number of
lodges in the district is thirty-three,
with a total beneficiary membership
of 824 and a total non-beneflciary
membership of 1348.
At 2 o'clock thl3 afternon the Grand
Lodge will attend in a body the laying
of the cornerstone of the new syna
gogue to be erected at California and
Webster streets for the Congregation
Kherith Israel, now worshiping at Post
and Taylor streets.
At 3 o'clock this evening there will
be services at Lyric Hall in respect to
the memory of National Grand Presi
dent Leo N. Levi, who died January
15 last. In New York, and Herman
Enkle, past grand president of Dis
trict No. 4, who recently expired in
this city.
The annual election of officers will
be held next Tuesday. Attorney M.
H. Wascerwitz is to be advanced from
first vice president to grand presi
dent, and Second Vice President Hugo
K. Asher will be advanced from that
office to that of first vice president.
The only candidate at this time for
the second vice presidency is Benja
min Schloss and it is expected that
he will have no active opposition. His
election will put him fairly in the line
of advancement
Following is the programme for the
memorial services this evening at Ly-
ric Hall
Hymn, "Blessed Are the Dead," choir; open-
Ing remarks. Grand President W. A. Wtar;
hymn. "Adonal Mo Odum." cantor and choir;
eulogy en Leo X. Levi. Edm. Tauszky, frran<i
orator: eulogy on Leo N. Levi. Jacob Voor
sanger, P. 01. orator: "Come Unto Me," Can
tor Davis; eulogy on Herman Enkle, Lucius
L. Solomon?. P. G. P. : eulojry on Herman
Knkle. Jacob Nleto. district deputy; hymn.
"Shivisl Adonal." cantor and choir; Kaddteh,
M. 9. Levy. P. (J. orator; benediction.
The music will be by Cantor D. S.
Davis, assisted by the following mem
bers of the Sherith Israel choir: Miss
Millie Fl>'. n. soprc.io; Miss E. V. Mc-
Closky, alto; O. L. Llenan, tenor; B.
Mills, basso. The public 13 Invited to
attend these services.
DRUIDS HOLD SEKVICFS
THAT ARE IMPRESSIVE
Assemble in Respect to Memeory of
Members Who Passed From Life
During the Year.
Sixty-two members of the United
Ancient Order of Druids of San Fran
cisco died during the year ending Jan
uary 31. 1904, and pursuant to annual
custom, literary and musical services
In respect to their memory were held
yesterday afternoon -in Golden Gate
Hall. It was a very beautiful and im
pressive ceremonial. The stage was
decorated with greens and woodland
scenery, and the altar emblem of the
order was conspicuously displayed.
Men and women officers of the order
sat in a semi circle and every seat in
auditorium and gallery was occupied.
The programme was as follows
Overture. "Funeral March From Paul"
(Haendel). orchestra: invocation. Rev. W. M.
Uours; chant. "Lord's Prayer," San Fran
cisco Quartet: Introductory remarks", Geors<*
Heck; "The Kternal Goodness" lOrrlsh). San
Francisco Quartet; address, E. E. SchmStz;
solo, "l> Thou Faithful Unto Death," D. M.
Ijiwrence; railing roll of departed. J. F. Mar
tinonl: chant. "I Heard a Voice, From Ileav-
en" (CJerri.oh). San Francisco Quartet; solo.
'•(> Lord, Be Merciful" t Hartiett). Miss Julia
Johnson: oration. Km 11 Pohll: "Nearer Home"*
(Hanseomb), San Francisco Quartet: reclta-
tion. "Heaven's Hope" (Lowell). Mrs. James
Monroe Gamble: solo, "Come Unto Me" <Coe
nen). Alfred Wllkl*; eulogy, W. J. de Martini;
adagio, "From Hymn of Praise" (Mendels
sohn). Rltzau's orchestra: benediction. Rev.
M. W. Hours; "America," orchestra.
Of the sixty-two" Druids who de
parted this life during the yea** «snly
seven were women.
Dnrsran Ha 1 * Recovered.
William Dargan. the ex-soldier, was
taken from the City and County Hos
pital to the City Prison yesterday aft
ernoon by Detectives Bunner and Freel
and locked up in "the tanks." Three
weeks ago he tried to rob Lizzie Kat
lansky in her room at 1129 Dupont street
and when she resisted, he stabbed her
with a knife. When he saw that es
cape was imoosslble he stabbed him
self three times and has since been
confined in the hospital, but Is now con
valescent. The woman is not yet out
of danger.
in position to intelligently direct new
comers to the State, how and where to
find them. Co-operation is what the
board has always labored to promote,
and this is the plan that brlng3 the best
result3.
It is every girl's secret hope that
some day she will be hugged «o tight
that a rib will be broken.WOMEN'S CLUBS AWAIT NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL CONVENTIONS
SOCIETY DECOROUSLY CONFINES ITSELF TO QUIET, INFORMAL AFFAIRS
Meeting at St. Louis in May and Quinquennial at Berlin in July Arouse
Keen Interest Among Organizations of the Fair Sex.
How each day — each week— makes
.tistory! The State Federation is now
fa. Atting of the paet— the National Bi
ennial Convention at St_ Louis In May
and the Quinquennia.! (International)
P' "Tvention in Berlin In July are the
:nta oi the immediate future.
International convention!" Doesn't
that ring rather conndently? Almost
"£J5 conlldently as the announcement of
; congresses of men — but why not? Docs
• not life in its broad sense mean as much
"to women as to men? Then why should
we not grapple with the problems that
•f.rlse in our lives — which, of course, are
"<liff#rentlated from men's lives by the
Omnipotent Will — just as men do, when
♦interchange of thought and experience
Ehovr them how?
What wonduj is it that women, taken
generally, are deficient In logic, finan
cial sagacity and depth of thought—
likewise power of public expression
when working out a. tainpler <.do you
know what this is — ask your grand
mother) and strumming a ballad
on a spinet— constituted the educatioa
of a girl. To be sure, she learned how
to' smile and to toss her pretty head
and look •'sweet." Then do you wonder
tjjat t_fce mass of women are to-day
euch incapables from the training they
feceived-or rather the training tbey
dida't receive. The boys were sent to
college, wh*»re they were trained and
talked to as God had intended they
ehould be, but the girls were sent to
"seminaries" — where they learned to
be "ladies"— whatever that may mean.
And it was just these superficialities
that, constituting a "lady's" education.
have retarded her mental and spiritual
•development — that have kept her a
child in intelligence. but an adult
"physically and socially. And it is just
this crime that clubs. State federations,
national federations and international
federations are striving to overcome.
Are they succeeding? Do rivers make
their rocky beds in a day? At the
biennial at St. Louis there will come
the chance to compare feminine prog
're<?5 in the world's work with the pre
sentation of it at the last World's Fair
.in 1SS3. For one, I would wage a week's
ealary — and that means something to
• an iakster— that the women at the
. biennial will be "heard" and that they
will be heard to say something. Xow,
at this late day, it's ancient history
•to. state that the women at Chicago
. couldn't be "heard" — they were afraid
ri their own voices and therefore ten
derly refrained from frightening oth
. ers with them. A four hours' session
with a continuous pantomime perform
ance such as this is what Kipling would
call a ;wm without words.
. Therefore, much can be — and is — ex
pected from the women at St. Louis;
.and those that go from California— the
gods be thanked — can, for the most
part, talk well. Our State president,
Mrs. George Law Smith, is an accora
.pliehed speaker, with a charming per
sonality, and surely cannot help im
pressing our national club women
. Mrs. John F. Swift, the president of
the* local Women's Council, likewise
'national president, has covered heF
j self with glory at Indianapolis, where
th*> latest women's convention has been
. Mrs. Swift Is scheduled to go on to
Berlin, and. with the International
.'president. Mrs. May Wright Sewall,
"America will be cleverly represented.
• ' '
The Forum Club held its election last
SAXTA ROSA COUPLE
3L\IUUi:D FIFTY YEARS
3Ir. and 3Irs. S. T. Coulter Will Cele
brate Golden Wedding on Wash
ington's Birthday.
SANTA ROSA^ Feb. 21.— Mr. and Mrs.
Sterling Taylor Coulter, residents of
this city, were wedded fifty years ago
to-day in what Is the present city of
Santa Rosa, but which vras then known
as Franklin. The little town stood on
the basics of Santa Rosa Creek, and
later the name was changed to Santa
Rosa. It has grown to he a thriving
business city, full of hustle and activ
ity. As the anniversary fell on Sunday
the venerable course decided to post
pone the celebration of the auppiclous
occasion until Monday, Washington's
birthday. The day will be celebrated
with an elaborate golden wedding din
ner, at which all members of the fam
ily and their descendants will be pres
ent, and several persons who were pres
ent at the wedding fifty years ago will
be present to felicitate the honored
couple on the recurrence of the anni
versarv. The residence on Cleveland
avenue, in this city, has betn decorated
with golden colors In honor of the oc-
cabion
Th<? immediate family ron?i?ts of
Jliss Minnie Coulter, County Superin
tendent of Schools; Miss Nfrllie Coulter,
her deputy; Misses Judith and Lida
Coulter, and William S. and Paul T.
Coulter. Mr. and Mrs. Coulter have
rvany friends throughout the State,
v ho will hoar of their anniversary cele
bration with pleasure. Mr. Coulter was
f.'ncs master of the State Grange, and
)•'<: and his wife enjoy an extensive ac
• -j^intance.
Ufa/ KNTO1TAIN
WAKDi: AND JAMES
Santa Kosa Elks Will Give a Hospl
> table ICeceptlon to the Famous
Tragedians.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 21.— Santa Rosa
Lodge. Benevolent and Protective Or
der of E!k». will be hosts Tuesday even-
Ins to Frederick Warde, Louis James
and the male members of their com
pany after the performance at the local
theater. Late Saturday afternoon a
trlegram was received from Warde ac
cepting an invitation to be present. It
is expected that Warde will make one
of his characteristic addresses to the
members of the order, of which he Is
.nn honored representative. The affair
v.ill Include a sociai session and an
elaborate banquet, and will take place
in Elks' Hall. Allen B. Lcmmon Is ex
alted ruler of the Santa Rosa lodge.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
week, which resulted in the selection
of a new president, Mrs. Frank Fred
ericks—Mrs. Henry Payot refusing,
courteously but positively, to serve a
third term. It was with much regret
that Mrs. Payot was permitted to re
tire, as her administration has been one
of unqualified success. But with her
resolute refusal to serve again, the
election of Mrs. Fredericks was the
logical and the intelligent thing — as she
stood in line for the honor as vice
president, and is a popular member.
Success to the new president of the
Forum Club !
Mrs. Josiah Evans Cowles of Los
Angeles ha3 been appointed chairman
of the reception committee at St. Louis
when the great social function there
comes off. Mrs. Cowles is eminently
well fitted for the task— which is a
very simple thing when one knows
how.
The California State Charities and
Corrections began its deliberations last
night at the Unitarian Church, on the
corner of Franklin and Geary streets,
and will continue its discussions, which
will interest every man whose heart
beats warm within him — to-day, this
evening, to-morrow and to-morrow
evening.
During the deliberations, discussions
on chi'.dren— the delinquent and defici
ent types— will predominate. And' why
not? Are not the children of to-day
the men and' women of to-morrow?
At their last regular meeting the la
dies of the Laurel Hall Club listened
to an interesting programme under the
auspices of the French section. The
numbers included three cleverly writ
ten papers: "French Art." by Miss
Bliss: "The Lays of the Troubadours,"
by Mrs. Winn, and "French Litera
ture," by Mrs. John Martinon; also
French songs by Mrs. McMurray, ac-
companied by Miss Marie Wood
Professor Pratt of the Foreign
Teachers' Association gave a brief
sketch of the life of Andre Theuriet. il
lustrating the author's classic style by
extracts from his writings. This class
of classic work will continue through
the year, under the leadership of Mrs.
John Martlnon.
The Pioneer Daughters gave a de
lightful afternoon last Monday, when
the following programme, under the
direction of Miss Jenne Morrow Long,
was presented:
Monologue. '"A Street Girl Graduate." Mrs.
Lena Danly; a e ketch. "The Committee on
Matrimony.." Helen r>arlir.p and Morris Wag
iht; trv.%. "Spguldlllo," The Brodea Quartet of
Ladies: monoloffue in three acts. Pauline Lord;
monologue, •'The Literary Aspirant," Helen
Darling.
Each number was essentially clever,
but Miss Lord made a distinctive hit.
The Pioneer Daughters are hospitable
hostesses and never present dull after
noons-never.
The California Club, after a lull of
two weeks, held a session extraordi
nary' last Tuesday, when the following
programme was presented:
"Juveplle Court Law as Carried on in Los
Angles," Mr*. Dorothy Moore; "Notes From
Federation." Mrs. Lcuis Hertz; "Portfolios and
library Work. 1 ' Mrs. Fassett of the art de
partment end Mrs. Orr of the education de
partment; "The Future of San Franc!s?o" and
(by pppcial request) "Some of the Exhibits for
James D. Phelan
St. Louis Fair,"
Mr. Phelan's talk was— as always—
an intellectual coverse and was the
piece de resistance of the afternoon
and for two very good reasons. The
first reason was his masterly handling
of his subject and secondly his being a
OSTRICH FARM
AT SAN JOSE
Local Company Will Start a
Place for Breeding and
Birds "\Vjll Arrive at Once
SAX JOSE, Feb. 21.— San Jose is to
have an ostrich farm. A carload of
birds are now en route to this «:ity,
and inside of a week the industry will
be established. Colwell P. Leitch of
Phoenix, Ariz., is the promoter of the
project. The ostrich farm will be lo
cated on Alum Rock avenue, corner of
King road. A show farm and sales
room will be conducted there. The
place will be opened to the public about
March 1. Ostriches of all ages and sizes
from the young chick to the <:ocks
ready for plucking will be exhibited.
A large stock of feathers, eggs and os
trich novelties will be carried. The os
triches will arrive in San Jose to-mor-
row morning.
Besides the show farm, a breeding
farm v.ill be established some distance
from this city. There a large number
of birds will be kept and raised for
their feathers', which will be prepared
for the trade. It Is proposed to raise
enough feathers to supply the trade on
this coast in a few years. The cli
mate of Santa Clara County is well
suited for ostriches, and those interest
ed have no doubt that the birds will
do well here. A mail order business
in feathers will also be established.
Negotiations are also pending for other
birds besides those on the way here.
The business will.be conducted under
the name of the San Jose Ostrich Com-,
pany, which is naw being Incorporated.
It Is capitalized at 525,000, the entire
amount of which has been subscribed
and invested in the business. The di
rectors of the company are Colwell P.
Leitch, A. J. Leitch of Niles, Ohio; II.
H. Mears of Phoenix, Ariz., and Hugh
Mel. Porter and V. A. Scheller of San
Jose.
Fireworks at the Cliutes.
There kwlll be an elaborate display
of fireworks at the Chutes to-night
in honor of Washington's birthday.
The set pieces will include a bust of
the father of his country, a monster
American flag and other patriotic de
vices. The water pyrotechnics on the
lake will be a feature.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1901.
man. Men always make a hit In wo
men's clubs. I can't recall an instance
when one failed. Lucky men!
To-night the Pacific Coast Women's
Press Association will give a colonial
evening, when a programme of ye olde
days— colonial style— will be rendered,
followed by a reception. Mrs. Ada Van
Pelt, one of the cleverest of the clever
members, will present her play, "At ye
Crossroads," and from the personnel of
the players a charming presentation
Is assured. Thus Is the story told of
the affair in announcement:
FEBRUARY 22, 19<M (New Style)
At ye Centvry Meeting Hovee, 1215 Svtter St.
N. B. — When ye Town Crier calls ye eighth
hour ye musick will begin.
N. B. — Hou6ewlves ye are admonished to
dress in a style as far as ye can befitting ye
occasion.
N. U. — Ye good people need not brynge gin
gerbread. Mistress Goodworthy will have hot
coffee and crullere for all men and women. ,
N. B. — Inasmuch as ye meeting house is
lighted by ye newfangled thynge call gae, ye
good people need not brynge candles.
An excerpt from a London paper
gives us a glimpse of club life in the
world's metropolis, and it is notewor
thy that philanthropy, cultural work
or serious effort figure not in their con
stitution — comfort and good fellowship
(the keynote of pleasure) — figure solely
and alone. This has been said of one:
Take the New Century Club, for example.
As one enters, uniformed lads take your cards
or hand you letters or telegrams. A broad
stairway leads to fine sleeping apartments,
bathrooms, restrooms, etc., furnished luxurl-
ously.
On the right of the entrance hall are large
dressing-rooms, with mirrors and closets and
plenty of electric curling irons. Then comes
the Oriental smoking-room, with its open fire
and big easy chairs, its tiny tabourettes hold-
Ing matches and cigarettes and Its center table
filled with late books and papers.
Out in the west of London is a residential
club, with a room for each member. It is
called the Twentieth Century Club and is al
most exclusively composed of working women.
Here are gathered writers, dramatists, artists
and those whese way in life leads into the
great commercial heart of the city. A big
gar-Jen, with shade trees and flowers, ts the
favorite place for tea on Sunday afternoons in
the summer.
This experiment of a home club was started
by three millionaires, and it has proved so
successful that the premises have been great
ly enlarged in the last year and the member
ship raised from fifty to 100. In the summer
the Twentieth Century Club has additional
quarters on the Island of Guernsey, in the
channel, near the beautiful shores of Brittany.
On Norfolk street. In the Strand, in the very
center of the old and fascinating part of Lon
don, where all the houses are filled with his
toric memories. Is the home of The Writers.
At its Thurpduy afternoon teas the rooms are
filled to overflowing with women whose names
are famous In the literature of the day and
singers and actresses of international reputa-
• This club Is Koinj? to abandon its old quar
ters for more roomy ones; but it must be. with
great regret to the members, for nowhere else
will be found the atmosphere of this part of
Ixindon, hemmed in, as it is, on all Bides by
old streets, old buildings and parks that were
the haunts of Dickens, Thackeray, Goldsmith,
Dr. Johnson and other Immortals.
i In another historic quarter, not far from
the Strand, but near Drury Lane and Covcnt
Garden, is the Pharos Club. This is one of
the few mixed clubs In London. It has spa
cious drawing rooms, and once a week these
ere fUled by the members and their guests,
while some weil-known speaker talks to the
club on his hobby for an hour or two. They
aro delichtfully Informal talks, and are
usually followed by a sort of general debate.
Kllgibillty to the Pharos Club consists in beinff
"In sympathy with current thought," so one
can see that there Is not much in the way
toward becoming: a member; but the can
didate will sometimes find it rather difficult
to set the requisite number of votes. It Is
an fxclusive clrck-, many of whose members
bear titles of greater or lesser degree.
One of the latest and most attractive of
these organizations is the Woman's Army and
Navy Club, composed of the wives, mothers,
daughters and sisters of the officers of the two
eei-vlcea. The membership, of course, is not
limtied exclusively to them, but it is one of
the most. If not the most, exclusive of all the
London clubs, and to become a member ie to
achieve a social success. Its room3 are ex-
quisitely furnished.
A list of the other woman's clubs in Lon
don would be a long: one. In all of them the
members have the privilege of entertaining
their men friends and acquaintances, as well
as thoFe of their own ses, and delightful din
ners and luncheons are given in the attrac
tive dininR rooms.
PERSOXALS.
Mrs. S. Frauenthal of Seattle has re
turned from Los Angeles and is a
guest at the Bristol.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Blaskower have re
turned from a trip to New York,
Tampa and Havana.
* • »
Mr. and Mrs. Louis James, Miss
Alma Kruger and Miss Engel Sum
ner, all of the James-Warde com
pany, and Rear Admiral and Miss
Kempff are staying at the Hotel San
Marco.
Mrs. Wai J. Tuska and daughter,
Miss Valerie Tuska, are visiting rela
tives in the East. They expect to be
absent until next May.
Samuel Adelstein has removed his
music studio to 1119 Geary street, be
tween Van Ness avenue and Franklin
street.
• • *
Mrs. Otto Neisser of Los Angeles is
visiting in this city. She will be at
home next Friday afternoon, February
26, at 3516 Sacramento street.
Mrs. J. Bastheim and family have
moved to 1925 California street.
Miss Eva M. Bolger left this city
Sunday for a. week's sojourn at Santa
Rosa. She will visit the Cloverdale
Fair as tho guest of her friends, Mr.
and Mrs. Bernardi.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Goodman vWill be
pleased to receive their friends Sun
day, February 28, from 2 to 5, at 1378
McAllister street.
CHINESE QUARREL
AXD ONE IS KILLED
Dispute Over a Card Game Leads to
.Murder in a Sacramento
Lodglng-IIouse.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 21. — This
morning about 4 o'clock Chinese
were playing a game of cards In a
lodging-house when Chu Chung, aged
about 40, charged Ah Wooey, aged 50,
with cheating. A fight followed, in
which Chu Chung stabbed Ah Wooey
in the left side with a dagger made of
a ground-off table knife. The weapon
entered the left side, severed the
spleen, reached to the spinal column
and cut an artery, and the result was
that the wounded man bled to death
within three-quarters of an hour. The
murderer is in custody. Four white
witnesses saw the difficulty. The
prisoner denies the cutting, but the
knife was found and the witnesses are
strong proofs against him.
TO BUILD MORE
SHIPS FOR THE
AMERICAN NAVY
The naval increase recommended by
the House Naval Committee provides
for one battleship, two armored
cruisers, three scouts and two colliers,
at an estimated total cost of $29,885,000.
The appropriation for vesselsjn course
of construction and those to be built is
$31,826,860, against ) for ! the
current year, an increase »of $5,901,228.
The programme is reasonable, as to the
amount of money, and is likely to be
increased, rather than to be- reduced;
but the number of fighting ships is in
adequate, and ought to be increased
with at least one more battleship. As
to colliers, which are to carry 6000, tons
of coal and are to have a trial speed of
sixteen knots, and for which $1,250,000
is asked, there is no pressing demand.
The navy has already sixteen colliers
with carrying capacities ranging from
2078 tons to 4575 tons. There are scores
of merchant steamers available for
such purposes, and it would be more
reasonable to provide for more fighting
ships, rather than to increase the aux-
iliary list
Secretary Moody calls attention to the
fact that the practice of detaching a
ship from the fleet and sending it to a
navy yard for minor repairs is waste
ful in time and money and detrimental
to efficiency. During the year ending
July 1, 1903, the percentage of time
spent by ships at navy yards undergo
ing repairs was: For the Alabama, 36;
Kearsarge, 28; Indiana, 28; Massachu
setts/ 27; Texas, 32, and Olympia, 15
per cent. These ships, attached to the
North Atlantic fleet, were supposed to
be in commission for active service,
"but once at a navy yard." the Secre
tary says, "the temptation to take ad
vantage of the opportunity to make
and continue repairs \s natural." To
this it is not amiss to add that the
officers and crew would, as a rule,
rather complete the cruise at a navy
yard than to hurry awiy and encounter
the discomforts at pea.
RETIREMENTS IN »?IIE NAVY.
Retirements In the navy, voluntarily
and by age limit, have been somewhat
frequent of late and promotions as a
consequence are rapid. It Is to be
noted in this connection ihat voluntary
retirements of captains and command
ers are rare, and that it Is only 'when
an officer reaches the grade of rear
admiral that phvsical ailments or do
mestic affairs impel voluntary retire
ments. It is less than a month ago
that Rear Admiral Lamberton, in
command of the South Atlantic squad
ron since January 1, 1904, retired be
cause of impaired eyesight, and now
Rear Admiral Cotton has hauled down
his Hag in the European squadron
after less than ten months' commission.
Sickness at home is the cause assigned
for his application to retire. Some
years ago bonuses were offered by of
licers to induce others above them to
retire In order that the lower number
officer could be promoted to a higher
grade before his retirement and thus
obtain higher rank and increased re
tired pay than he would otherwise get
in the natural course of promotion.
This practice has ceased, but the fact
that as captains the retired pay is
$1500 less than that of rear admiral is
likely, in some cases, to put off volun
tary retirement until the higher grade
has been reached.
Notwithstanding the frequently oc
curring retirements In our navy, on
account of age or from other causes,
the flow of promotion to command rank
at an age when an officer is ordinarily
In the prime of life and mentally and
physically sound and vigorous is still
exceedingly slow, and will be so for
ten years to come unless the general
law regarding retirements is changed.
As it is now there is nothing to pre
vent an officer, remaining on the active
list until he reaches the age limit of
62 years.
COMPULSORY RETIREMENT PLAN
Secretary Moody recommends com
pulsory retirement of officers who, at
1 50 years, have not become captains,
| and retirement of captains who have
not reached the grade at 55 years. As
shown in the appended table, eleven
rear admirals in command of squad
i rons range In ages from CO years 10
months to 57 years 4 months, and aver
age 59 years S months, while In the
British and German navies the aver
ages are about five years less. The
battleship captains in our navy, now
ranging from 59 years 6 months to o*5
years 2 months, should be reduced to
an average not to exceed 50 years:
AOr^ OF SQUADRON AND RATTJ-ESHIP
COMMANDERS IN' I'XITED STATES
NAVY. JANUAUY 1. VMt.
Asp. j A?r*>.
Rr. Adm's. TrJ.Mi).".| Captains. Yrs.Mos.
A. S Uark?r...f,0 7 J. X. Hemphill.&Q «
J. U. Cophlan...59 J C II. Davis 58 4
J H. Panda.... r.S ti'lt. B. Bradford. ..10 «"
It. D. Evans 57 -4 jll. B. Man?HoM.r>7 10
P. II Coojw-r u» 5|K. II. <:. Leutzo.Sfi 2
Y. Stirling (.0 8'J. G. Katon litt 11
II. Glaps CO ..(VV. ?. Cowles... 57 .1
C H. Cotton GO 10 \V. T. Swinburne. Mi 4
C' D. SlKJbee.T.M •■ H. M. Berry 57 11
W C Wise <il 2 \V, T. Burwell.'.C7 •!
F. E. rhadwIcli.Wl If R. Clover.: 57 C
Average age. 50 S . Avera^* age. ..57 5
The British battleships Magniflcont
and Majestic were paid off on February
1. They have been in continuous com
mission as flagships in the channel
fleet for over eight years and are now
to receive a general overhauling and
reflt. including rearrangement of arm
ament, .'"i.
UPBUI LDING OF NAVIES.
The naval budget of, Italy for the
year from July 1, 1904, to July 1, 1905,
eall3 for $25,438,225, or $2000 less than
that allowed for, the present financial
year. For new building, machinery
and armament $4,240,000 is proposed, an
Increase of $91,850 over present appro
priations. The only new vessels to be
built are two submarine boats to have
a surface speed of fourteen knots and
capable of traveling 2000 miles without
replenishing their supply of means for
locomotion.
Germany will have two new 13,200
ton battleships, the Braunschweig and
Elsass, in commission during 1904, to
be followed by the Hessen, Prussen and
Brandenburg in 1905. The . latter, , of
10,060 tons, built in 1891, ha3 been re
constructed and the other three ships
of that class are also being modernized
at a cost of $750,000. .
The German admiralty has assigned
a naval constructor to the home squad
ron, whose official title will be that of
Some Will Venture Upon Automobile Rides, and Telephone Teas Will Be Pop
ular till Easter Breaks the Penitential Period.
Such funcMons as society is attempt
ing during.the Lenten season are per
force of a quiet, informal nature.
Some are planning automobile rides
and telephone teas, but there will be
little of a really gay nature until- after
Easter.
• • •
ENGAGEMENTS.
"**Mrs. I. Pincus announces the en
gagement of her, daughter, Marian, to
Joseph B. West.-
.'Mr. and Mrs. L. Solomon announce
the engagement of their niece, Hattie
Baer, to Barnard Cohn. They will re
ceive Sunday, February 28. from 2
to 5 p. m. at 543 Jessie street.
. The engagement is announced of
Miss Marie Barman and William G.
Romaine of San Francisco.
Mrs. Gustav Stark announces the
engagement of her daughter, Flora, to
Samuel Riga. They will receive Sun
day, February 28, from 2 to 5 o'clock,
at 1511 Geary street.
WEDDINGS.
The Church of Mission Dolores was
the scene of a very pretty wedding
Monday evening, February 8, when
Miss Clara Baker, a young lady of
many attainments, became the wife of
James J. Nealon, a popular young of
ficial who has been connected with the
Custom-house for the last ten years.
Miss Baker Is a graduate of the Col«
lege of Notre Dame and is the daugh
ter of Isaac M. Baker, a retired mer
chant and prominent member of the
Society of California Pioneers. After
a brief honeymoon the young couple
will reside in their new home In this
city.
• * • >
Wednesday evening, February 10, at
S o'clock, Miss Mary Josephine Ciub
blni and E. L. Marder, both of this
city, were united in matrimony at St.
Joseph's Church in the presence of
many friends.
• ♦ *
The wedding of Bernard Cerf and
Miss Regina Jacob will take place
Sunday, February 28.
* • •
CLUB PARTIES.
Empress Victoria Lodge No. 142,
Daughters of St. George, gave a leap
year party last Friday evening at Red
Men's Hall.
The California Women's Whist
League played the seventh and last
game of the winter series last Thurs
day, and will entertain the win
ners and the lady friends who have
so kindly substituted during the series
at a straight whist party on next
Thursd..y afternoon, when the prizes
for the series will be awarded
and special prizes for that day.
The series just closed has been
the most successful one held since the
club was organized and the directors
are elated over the fact. The spring
season will open on Thursday,
March 3, when different arrangements
will be made for the scoring and at
tendance. As the spring and sum
mer approach it will not be compul
sory for members to attend, as here
tofore, but team work will be con-
tinued.
Mrs. John Costello still holds the
record for highest score, so will con
tinue to wear the handsome club
bracelet. P V
Mrs. W. S. O'Brien won the Mon-
day prize February 15.
There were fourteen members of the
league at Jefferson Square Club on
Wednesday afternoon who made some
remarkably high scores in bowling.
On Thursday evening there was a
party of twenty of the club members
and escorts who reserved alleys 1 and
2 for the entire evening and bowled
in teams, after which a delicious sup
per was enjoyed in the private ban
quet hall. The following ladies will
be awarded the prizes for the series:
Mesdames H. Cline, S. Averill. F. Stan
dish, M. Redell, S. Teague, W. O'Brien.
J. Costello and G. Russell.
IIOMK PARTIES.
A very pleasant evening was spent at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Husband, 8 Fair Oaks street, on Mon
day evening, February 15, when about
fifty of their friends gave them a sur
prise. The Robson orchestra added
greatly to the pleasure of the evening.
Those present were Mr. and Mrs. R.
Husband, Mr. and Mrs. Pharrer, Mr.
and Mrs. Oakley, Mr. and Mrs. Bitley,
Mr. and Mrs. R. Harris, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Pennington, Mr. and Mrs. I. San
born, Mr. and Mrs. Nesbit, Mr. and
Mrs. Taubman, Mr. and Mrs. Bradford,
Mr. and Mrs. Rounds. Mr. and Mrs. H.
MeCurdy, Rev. Dr. Larkin. J. Tunne
clifTe, Mrs. Anna Read, Mrs. and Miss
Erickson. Fletcher Husband, Bert Hus
band, Miss Nettie Seeple, N. Harris,
Miss M. Harris, Miss S. Goss, Mrs.
Anna Moote, Misses Eva and Mildred
Moote; Miss H. Danly, Miss E. Robin
son, Misses Mona and Kate Taubman,
Mr. Hench, M. Calender, C. Robson,
Mr. Langdon, Mrs. and Miss McDer
mott and Fred Sankey.
Frederick Warde, Louis James, Nor
man Hackett. Paul Gerson and Judge
and Mrs. J. C. B. Hebbard were guests
of honor at an after-theater supper
given by the .pupils of the Paul Gerson
school of acting Friday evening, Febru
ary 12, at a downtown restaurant, at
which Judge Hebbard served as toast
master. Frederick Warde won all
hearts by his kindly words, and Mr.
Hackett and Mr. Gerson also respond
ed to toasts. Then recitations and sing
ing were in order until the happy party
fleet naval constructor, and his duty
to ascertain by personal inspection the
need and extent of repairs which ships
may require, and if such repairs can
be done without detaching the ship
from the fleet and sending it to. a hom.»
dockyard. A similar, plan was adopted
in our navy about eight years ago, but
was not carried out long enough to
prove its economical and other benefi
cial workings. The naval constructors
were reluctant to go to sea, as it gave
no Increased pay, and the scheme fell
through. .
broke up singing "Auld Lang Syne."
Mrs. John Caterall of Honolulu was
a guest of honor at a. dinner" given by
Mrs. West previous to her leaving for
her home in the islands. Those present
were Mrs. J. Caterall, Captain Peterson,
the Misses Lizzie. Theresa and Ida
Lavaroni, John Henry Lavaronl and
Mr. and Mrs. C. R. West.
Mrs. Adam Heunlsch, whose charm
ing manner has won her many friends,
gave another of a series of entertain
ments at her Baker street home. Whist
was played and six prizes were award
ed to the winners, the booby prize
causing much merriment. Among those
present besides Mr. and Mrs. Heunisch
were Mps. Luhrs-Cutting, Miss Braver
man, Walter B. Webster, . Miss Gene
vieve Heunisch, Dr. and Mrs. Walter
Stuewalt, Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Luce, Mr.
and Mrs. J.. A. Lightheipe, Mr. and
Mrs. Sig Braverman. Mr. and Mrs. E.
Abramson. Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Prieber
and Mr. and Mrs. Walter Ratasia.
A very delightful social gathering
took place on the 15th of February at
the residence of Dr. and Mrs. P. H.
Maas, 3389 Seventeenth street, in honor
of their twentieth wedding anniversary
and also to celebrate the christening of
their grandson, Randolph P. Glissman.
Those present were P. R. Glissman and
wife, Dr. Alfred Eichler, Hugo P. Maas,
P. E. Maas, Ralph William Maas, Olga
Maas, Louis Maas, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Glissman, Mr. and Mrs. J. Peters, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Maas, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Carah, Mr. and Mrs. J. Irvine, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Langenbach, L. Abraham, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Wagner, Mr. and Mrs. U.
Bilay, Mr. and Mrs. O. C. Baldwin, Mrs.
Xordmann, Miss E. Nordmann, Miss K.
Maas, Miss Gertie Bauer, Miss Julia
Glissman, Miss Olga Maas, Miss Evelyn
Wagner, Henry Maas, Richard Gliss
man and Adolph Belay.
Miss Edna Thode of 1081 Dolores
street entertained on Tuesday after
noon, TTebruary 16, and was assisted In
receiving by Miss Helen Speyer, Miss
Alma Harder, Miss Doris Heuer and
Miss Anita Ferguson. The house was
decorated with the season's blossoms,
the color scheme being red. Those
present were: Miss Clara Campe, Miss
Anita Ferguson, Miss Alma Harder,
Miss Stella Meyer, Miss Ida Purlensky,
Miss Grace Bruckman, Miss M. Schleef,
Miss Evelyn Sresovich, Miss Ida
Precht, Miss Belle Herzer, Miss M.
Wolpman/ Miss L. Purlenky, Misa Edna
Mohr, Miss Helena Speyer, Miss T.
Joost, Miss Adele Boyken, Miss Lillian
Lubben, Miss Hattie Ferguson, Miss
F. Joost, Miss Doris Heuer, Miss L.
Heeseman, Miss C. Ernst, Miss Alma
Thode, Miss D. Joost, Miss S. Keer,
Miss L. Meyer, Mrs. Bass, Mrs. P.app,
Mrs. Werner, Mrs. A. Windt, Mrs. W.
Ambinger Jr.. Mrs. Harry Campe. Mrs.
Charles Huff, Mrs. L. Constine and Mrs.
Eender.
* * *
Apropos of the season of St. Valen
tine Miss Queen Johnson entertained a
number of her friends at a "Cupid and
Heart" party at her home on Cali
fornia street recently. The guests ar
rived at 9 and were ushered into
the large billiard-room, which had
been appropriately decorated for the
occasion. A progressive game of
hearts was enjoyed and much merri
ment caused by the winning of booby
prizes. Miss Mary Randall won one
of the first prizes. It was a dainty
hand-painted, heart-shaped picture
frame. Edward Maldy proved the
TOSTUM FOOD COFFEE AND GRAPE-NL7TS.
I There's a Miniature §
I THAT HAS PASSED THE
I (A STUPENDOUS EDITION)
1 "The Road to Weilville" j
1 THERE ARE; TWO REASONS: '
H First, it cpntainsa most fascinating and unique philosophy
m that entrances young and old, and makes the little book worth |
g its weight in gold to the! reader.
§j Second, it is to be had absolutely FREE and found in each \
M package of Postum Food Coffee or Grape-Nuts.
If Telephone your grocer for a package and get out the little book
ti and read It.
j It's Well Worth While. I
fortunate gentleman, winning two
handsome heart-shaped whist counters.
Further games were Indulged in and
prizes awarded Misa Cornelia Farrell.
Miss Gertrude Smith. Miss Lizette
Bradbury and Earl Eddy. A pleasant
musical programme had been prepared,
and the following numbers were ren
dered: Barytone solo. Earl Eddy; vo
cal duet, Miss C. Farrell and Earl Ed
dy; piano solo, Miss Queen Johnson:
buck- and wing dancing, Messrs. Ed
Smith and Herbert Harvey. A dainty
repast was served at midnight, after
which dancing continued until 1 o'clock.
Among those present were: Miss Cor
nelia Farrell, Miss Gertrude Smith,
Miss Adella Zels, Miss Queen Johnson,
Miss Silvia La Rue. Miss Edna Farrel!,
Miss Lizette Bradbury. Miss -Mary
Randall; Messrs. Edward Maldy. H.
E. Sterrie, Herbert Harvey, Ed J.
Smith, Jack Isaacs, Robert Dunphy,
Earl L. Eddy, J. H. Flynn and Dr.
Taylor.
A most delightful tea was given Fri
day afternoon by Mrs. Lou W. Lovey
for her sister, Mrs. Samuel J. M.c^
Farland, at her charming home on
Carl street.
Madame Fannie Rosenthal rave a
dinner Sunday evening, February 14,
in honor of her birthday to eighteen
of her most intimate friends. The
guests were seated at one large table
decorated with La France roses. The
hostess was dressed all in white and
was assisted in entertaining her
guests by Mrs. Dr. G. Bachman. Those
present were Madame Fannie Rosen
thai, Dr. and Mrs. G. Bachman, Dr'.
and Mrs. G. A. Weyer, Mr. and Mrs.
G. M. Rudebeck, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Jost, Mrs. A. Hugel, Miss Minnie Bol
sted. Miss Ray Harris, Miss Lizzie Bol
sted. Miss Ida Ellerhorst, Leon Marx,
Mr. Danielwitz, F. Danziger and O. P.
Welch.
Miss Josie Cohen gave a delightful
reception and whist party last Sunday
evening, the 14th inst.. In honor of
Miss Alice L. Kaufman of New Or
leans, who is here visiting Mends.
The rooms were beautifully decorated
with American Beauty roses, carna
tions and smilax. Supper was served
during the evening, after which the
young people took charge of affairs
and dancing was kept up till a late
hour. Among those present were Miss
Alice L. Kaufman of New Orleans, A.
D. Lobree, Miss Hannah Stern. Miss
Josie Cohen, Miss Carrie Marks, Misa
Adele Welich, Miss Sadie Rothschild.
Miss Florence Blumenthal and Mr.
Springer.
STEWARD OF A STOCKTON'
STEAMER DIES SUDDEXL.Y
Wife of Man Ts Prostrated and it la
Feared She May Lose Her
Reason.
STOCKTON. Feb. 21.— The heavy
breathing of her husband awoke Mrs.
Henry Landers this morning. Being
alarmed at his condition she endeav
ored to awaken him, but he expired in
a few seconds without uttering a word.
The deceased was well known, being:
the steward of the California Naviga
tion Company for years. Mrs. Landers
cannot be made to realize that her hus
band is dead and it is feared that she
has gone insane.
""What is the new piece you're play-
Ing. Is it by Wagner?"
"No; the piano is out of tune."—
Louisville Courier-Journal.
910
THE|gGyAi
JO_C2ff D. SPBEO~EI-B, _»roprl«ter.
AangjCEgEslgnas to ig_K*K:liU&HT.-iigger
VT J. MARTIN BuBlnfgs Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL, The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department \ou \Mstt.
Publication OfSce Market and Third. S. F.
ECitortal Room 2i7 to 221 Stevenson «t.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 78
Ct*. Per Month, i? irg'.e Cople* 5 Centik
Terras by Mali Including Poeiaee (Cash With
°r <J e r > : ... ««
DAILY CALL (inc'.ud. Sunday). 1 year. . .$8.00
DAILT CALL Onciud. Puiiday). 0 raos..,. 4OO
PAILY CALL— By Single Month •»=
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Y-ar „... 2 •*"
V.'EEKLY CALL. 1 Year T.... 1.00
-P--IGV i *>*'' iv • • 'I*- 80 P «" r Ywlr Extra
■rorTn« J BOBdifl *™ Per Year Estra
I O.irAG_. weekly. 1. 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO P.ECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Earr>p> Copies w.!l be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail tubscricers in orrierir.gr change of ad-
£re*B ehould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
C-est.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
III8 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2'tS Center Street Telephone North 7T
■WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
C AML'EL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW. YORK NEWS STANDS:
■Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. 31
C__H Scuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Klfth-ave-
cut Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehensa_ House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO r.ET^ESENTATTV-:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Marq.uette Bul'.dln*
(Lor* Distance Telephone. "Central 2G19.")
NETT TOTtK KEHRESENTATIVE:
(STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
Call, corner Market ar.d Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
KRANCH OFFICES:
JpfiS Merket street, opposite Fifth; open until
Up. ta.
T27 Mor.tj-orr lerr street, corner Clay; open nn-
r!l 9:80 p. rn.
r^Xi Kayc* street; open until $>:"0 p. m.
C?a McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
6!5 Lsrkin ttrret; open until ft:30 p. m.
J941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S2f)l Market street corner Sixteenth; open un-
til P p. m.
JCfi Eleventh street; open until fl p. m.
J0T>6 Valencia etreet: cl>en unti! 9 p. m.
Northeart corner Church and Duncan streets;
open ur.tll 9 p. m.
Jv'crthweft corner of Twenty- secend and Ken-
tucky ftrem: open unril 3 p. m.
»20O Fiitmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
ASYLUM of California Commar.dery No. -*
1. K. T. — Sir Knights sre notified to
arsrrr.bl- in the Asylum on MONDAY ?JfTs
AFTERNOON at 1 o'clock to attend «»
the funeral of cur r'.eoe-ased frater. **
SIR THOMAS BYRON BE WITT.
THOS. H BROWNE. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
APYLUM of Golden Gate «'omman<lery . ♦•_
No. 16, K. T.. «2r> Gutter Ft.— Special Taf*
asrerr.lily THIS EVENING, at 7 JT3
o'clock. Older of Red Cross. All mw
fratf-rs- art- courteously invjted. By
order cf the Commander.
THE' i. FROLIOH. Recorder.
EAN rRANCISCn Chapter No. 1. Royal «
Arch Masons, m'f ts THIS EVENING. SfY
I»f-cr«Hs 5 ar.d «. f^\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA L-.dE* No. 1. F. and A. O
M. — The tjfllc*rs and members of the
above named Ioc'k*- are hereby notified
v> attend th* funf-ral of our late
brother. THOMAS BYRON 1>E WITT, in
K;ng Solomon's Hall, Mtsxiic Temple, MON-
DAY, IVhruaiy 21'. at 2 o'clock p. m. Mas-
t«r Masons and friend* of the deceased are
invited. Hy ord»r of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _
M. — The officers and members of the VW"
_hove named lodge are hereby notified /y\
to attend the funeral of our late
brother. THOMAS BYRON DE WITT, in
King Solomrn's Hall. Masonic Temp]*-. THIS
KAY (MONDAY). February 22, at 2 o'clock
p. m. Master Masons and friends of th» de-
ceased art? invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodre No. 22. F. and r>
A. M.— THIS « MONDAY) EVENING,
at 7:^C» o'clock. Second decree. By /^f\
rrdcr of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
PACIFIC LODGE No. 13<;. F. and A. _
M.. Masonic Terr.rjle. will meet MON-Yy
T'AY. the "23. ct 1 P. m.. to attend f^T\
the funerai of our lute Bro. CARL
ANDERSON. Master Ma*»n« are invited.
GEORGE PENLINUTON. Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lo<:ge No. 200. F. _
tr.d A. M.. ISO!) Fillmore St.— Third -%/Lr
decree THIS EVENING, at 7:S0/V\
oVicck. IIAKKY PAEHB, S-c. / w *
Paft Grand's Association. I. O. ■t_~j-«_.
O. F.-rilcmbTs will m«>*t In oMaSfeife
I :.::izr r .■■:•, TUESDAY EVEN-*g&aHgg§!
jno. F*bro— ry 2.".. e» s o'clock '>J&»rB& i
tharp. V>'e vrill Fp"nd a i>lccsaiit evening
v.ith Bay City Lodge.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
HARMONY Loose No. 1?.. 1. O. O.
■ F -The officers :;:i.i the f:r.erAl y*jtfSgi&r.
r ..,..,.. , « . tbeve r.a rr.*-d "i5»£?5«^5^
Kdge are hereby notified to us- "^K&FSSr
♦verr.ble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
arid Be— cnth st?.. on TUESDAY, February
23. _t 1 :r>0 o'clock p. m.. for the pur;.ose cf
attending the funeral of ujriult brother,
JOSEPH S. SCHUSTER.
HY SCHUCK. N. G.
CHARLES QUAST. fin. Sec.
COURT WIERYSDALE No. 1*981, w T
A. O. V.— Officers ar.U members are \c_j>^
notified to ass^inble at K'^ O'FSirrell rjf
rt., 1'tbrucry -2. at 1 p. m.. tharp, J&/L
to attcad tl:e 'uneral of our late s£_>
brcther, THOMAS BYRON DE WITT.
M. CASKEV, C. R.
. ~.\ L. COTT. Financial Secretary.
MKUBKB— of Mcrjtezuma Tribe No. <*>—£»,
7 7. Imp O. II. M., are r- ;-j*rtM \^3J«2S
I sttend the fur.eral services cf -*__*y_J-
««ir lat" brother. CARL ANDERSON, at Ma-
sonic Tcmr>, THIS (MONDAY) AVTER-
NOON. at 1 o'clock. SACHEM.
ETItEKA Grove No. 4. U. A. O. D-— xSff
3"h<- officers a:;d the Ju::':a! committee
< f the above natnr-d grme are hereby K a
notified to assemble af Druids' Hall. 413
Hutter Et., on TUESDAY, February 3, at
1 ::J0 p. m., for the purpose of attending the
funeral »f our late brother. JOSEPH Si
BCHCST-St. A. PAUEA, N. A.
CIIAl.rLES <QUAST. Sc-c-retary.
.\>:NLAL MEETING— f_auhau Kujtar Planta-
tion Company — The rosuiar r.nnual meeting
«-f the Ktockholaers ol th« Pcauhau Sugar
Plantation Comtwry Will be held at tiie
offlce of the company. 227 Market »:re«t,
room 4. second floor. In the city and countj
of Han Francisco, State of California, en
hATUP.DAT. the Sth <iay of March, A. I).
Jtn.'4, st the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to serve for th» <r.suir.E yar and for the
. transaction of *uch cthe r business as may
properly ecme before the meetlajr. Transiet
brxjks will close onTUESDAY, February 23
100*. at the hour Cf :i o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Paauhau Susar
Plantation Company. Z\i.~ Market et., San
Francisco. Cal.
ANNUAL Meetlnr— Hcialau Plantation Com-
pany — The rt_VMr anmir.l meeting of the
stockholders of the HAKALAU PLANTA.
- T1ON COMPANY will be held at the offlce
cf the company. 327 Market st. (room 4.
necond floor). 1/1 the city and county of Fan
Kranclsco. State of California, on WED-
NESDAY, the 2d day of March. 1004. al
the hour of II o'clock a. m., fcr the pur-
poee of electinj a Board of Director* to
*rrve for the ensuing; year, and for th«
trantactlon of euch other business as maj
fcroperly come before the meeting. Tran»-
fer books will close on SATURI.AY. Febru-
ery ilf». 1904. at the hour of :: o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tation Company, S27 Market st.. Ean Fran-
c-isco. California. San Francisco. Cal.. Feb.
16. 1004.
THE California Debrii Commission having re-
* celved application to mine by hydraulic prc-
cf-MS from the New Highland Gold and Cop-
per Mlnir._ Company; In Mamaluke gravel
mine, near Gcorcetown. El Dorado County.
Cal.. draining into Canyon Creek, which
reaches American. River, erfv«* notice that
i tncetlr.g -will be held at room 00, Flood
building. San Francisco, Cal., March 7, 1904
tt l:Z0 f. m.
•B LONG rCLT WANT 15 5H0PTLY SUPPLIED
MEETIICG KOTICES — -Continue-.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 220 Crocker building. City and County
of Ean FrancUco, State of California, on
MONDAY, the Sth day of February, 1904, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as
rcay come before eald meettnjr. Dated at
Ean Franclico. Cal., January 23, 1804. S.
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary. .
The above uieetine adjourned until April
11th. 11*04. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. 8, 1904. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
ANNUAL MEETING — HONOLULU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY — The regular annual
meeting of ths stockholders of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY will be
held at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
.ket icreet (room 4. fecond floor). In the city
end county of Kan Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, en WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of
r«-truary. A. D. 1904. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose cf electing a
board cf directors to eerie for the ensuing
year und for the tranractlon of i>urh other
kuclnt«s t< may properly ecme before the
meeting. Transfer books Will close on Satur-
day. February 13, 1304. at 3 o'clock p. m.
11. W. THOMAS,
C»rrefary Honolulu Plantation Company, 327
Market "treet. Fan Francisco. California.
Fan Tranclsco. Cal.. l"eb. 10. 1904.
NOTICE of annual stockholder*" meeting — The
regular annual meeting of etpckholders
of Associated Oil Company (a corporation)
will be held ct the offlce of the company,
eleventh floor, Hayward building. Pan Fran-
cisco California, on MONDAY, 29th day
of Fetraary, 1004. at the hour of 10 a. in.,
for the purpose nf electing a Board of Direct-
ore to serve for the fr,.«u!nj jmt and the
tranractlon of such <-ther business »« may
co-ie before the nie*tlnt. This noitce is
printed in the — SH Francisco Call by order
ard direction oC Board of Directors of As-
sociated Oil Company.
O. SCRIBNER, Secretary.
Offlce — Eleventh fioor, Hayward building,
Ean Francisco. Cal. Dated Feb. If.. 1904.
ANNUAL meeting — Kilauea Sucar Plantation
Company — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders cf the Kilauea Sugar Plan-
ta*.!-n Company will be held nt th«
rffice cf the cemv-any, 3ST Market st.
(rccm 4, second floor), in the cit and county
cf San Francisco. State of Callfor: 'a. on
i'UEEDAT, the 23d day of February, A. D.
1SO4, nt the hour of 11 o'clock n. m., for the
purpose of electing a hoanl of directors to
»erve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
ectlcn r,t such other r-ustne.«s as may prop-
erly crme before the meetln*. Transfer books
will c!c»e on Friday, February 12. 1904. at 3
o'clock p. m: H. W. THOMAS,
Secretary KCauea Sugar Plantation Com-
panr. 327 Market et.. San Francisco. CaL
Pan Francifco. Col.. Feb. ». 1004.
AGEXTS WANTED.
EVERYWHERE in California: solicitors, dem-
onstrators: best modern improved shoes; ten
meritorious! features; permanent exclusive ter-
ritory: no risk. KUSHION KOMFORT
SHOE AGENCY. 12.^ Broadway, Oakland.
WE can start you in good paying- business (out-
door advertising); no canvassing; men par-
ticularly wanted In towns of 25,000 inhabi-
tants Hnd less; permanent occupation.
ATOZ. South Whitley, Ind.
AGENCIES for every city of the Union for the
Marquis Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms. 414
Poet st.. Ean Francisco. Cal.
ADVERTISEMENT WKITINO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per < 'nt discount for
ea*n: the college teaches advertisement wrlt-
ir.g by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalctru-s fur-
r.i*hed on application. Address box 3026. Call.
ATTORNEY? -AT-LAW.
w. li bittnefC ~~
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice Free. Phone South 743.
Suite ."22. Emma Spreckels Eulldlng.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for injuries to
person or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for debts: bends furnished: bankruptcy
proceedings: wills probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money: no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market Bt.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice tree all matter*. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attnrney-at-Law. Exam, bldjr.,
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years: all cas»s, general court and offlce prac-
tice; rio fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Ia» and Collection Agency.
Room 85. 916 Market Ft.; tel. John C226.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, nulet; advice
free: o;>en evening?. 927 Market st., rra. 'Ml.
D. S. CLARK. 927 Market Ft.; consultation
fr«»e; no fees in advance: open evenings.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wriixbei child to board; gocd home, sun-
ny yard. 217 Tehama st.
BUSINESS i CHANCES.
A — $K«'>0: PHONOGRAPH parlor and shooting
gallery, averaging about $9 50 per day; ex-
i.ens^es about $5 per day; will Fell or trade
for lodgir.g-house. See R. G. WILKE, 2BVi
Kearny st.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In choic-
est location; rent $S0: daily receipts about
$70; a (rood business, but elckness of owner
compels him to retire. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $S50; CORNER cigar stand, close to Market
and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid loca-
t.on and rare business chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'ij Kearrsy rt.
A— $2250; STEAM laundry and property;
equipred with latest machinery, wagon, etc.;
no oppoaltica; In thriving country town about
75 miles from this city: a rare chance. For
particulars see K. G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny.
A BAKERY across the bay. with lot 50x100;
house Of 4 rooms. 2 etories; 2 horses, wagon,
etc.; price $3000; not -a.11 cash required: a
rood business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2SH
Kearny st. — -
A— $750; SALOON; estab. many years; 3 years'
lease; rcni $")0; located close to Kearny and
California tts. ; elegant fixtures; a good busi-
ness an<l a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
W1LKE". 20H Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners fcr years; ful*w.t Investigation so-
licited. S*re R. G. WILKE. 30 Vi Kearny st.
A — $3000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment '.n Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 ar.d a first-clacs paying buxiness;
other inreslments only cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26>,i Kearny st.
A — $12<X»; BAKERY, estab. vears and kept by
present or.-r.er J7 years; bakes 4Vi barrels
p<-r dcy; daily sales $45: livirg rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2G«i Kearny at.
A— $350: THE leading restaurant of this city:
rent $IM; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place..
P.. O. WILKE, 2C»i Kekrny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
Eton; clor.e to Market and Stockton t>U. ;
l.!i-«;t Ft'ock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value In xlght: a splendid offer. See K.
G. WILKE. IM'/i Kearny »t.
A— $500: URANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily rvcelpts about $10;
choicest location in the Mieeion. Se<j H. G.
WILKE. 20 M Kearny »t.
A— ?22<>0; SALOON, with loue, eatab. yearn;
vicinity Fourth et.. Market and Stockton;
place cpeaks for Itself; all particulars. 1\.
<j. WILKE. 2u«4 Kearny Bt.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar} with K, fur-
nished rooms; 5 years' lease; rent $G5; a
business where man and wife can easily
clear $300 per month. Particulars It. G.
WILKE. 20 >» Kearny_»t :
F. A. BROOKBANK.' Phone Folsom 184«.
BUSINESS AGENT.
•17 Market et.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A— $775; CIGAR stand; Market St., near Ca'.l
.bldg.; old established; good stock and fix-
tures; fine trade; 2% years' lease: cheap rent.
Only with HROOKIJANIC 917 Market st.
A— $200; PARTNER In well-established office
fcufcint?* clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity seldom offered. Brookbank.
A— $500; DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location; good trade; 4 living rooms, fur-
nlshej. BROOKBANK.
A— 5700; SALOON; old established; finely flt-
ttd- Al location; cheap rent; S years' leace;
don't fall to see this. BROOKBANK.
A— J325; C-ROOM corner flat on Larkln st.:
good location for dressmaker. BROOKBANK.
A — ?C0O; OYSTER and chop house; corner buny
et.: dally recpts $30; cheap rent. Brookbank.
A FOR QUICK SALES A
TRY KREDO «: CO 765 MARKET ST.
RELIABLE AGENTS. .PHONE BLACK 6872
SHOE repairing thop; good business.' 012 Mc-
Allister st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. FEBRUARY 22, 1904.
BC8I~ESS CHANCES— C*ntlti-e_.
A. CAMERON & CO. '. Phone South 1CS0
It Eddy it., cor. Market and Powtll.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop housea ' $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors $2ixy to $2500
Barber shops $300 to $25U0
Cigar stands , . .$350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons %X0 to $10,000
Restaurants $350- to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $H<X> to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $600'l
Delicatessen stores $250 to J4S00
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
P*OR sale or trn-Je — yuartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house or business.- Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy store; all equlfc
mem for making own candies; established"^!
yarn; clears over $200 per month; will In-
voice about S1200. CAMRRON, 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear Investigation: price $1500. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR Fa!e, or will 'trade for small ranch — Fin«
hardware and electrical supply store; rent
W0: well located; clearing $300 per month: 4
living roorai; first-class proposition; will
ctand strict investigation: price $.SOOQ,
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale^ — Beautiful mountain resort, less than
.10 minutes' ride from depot of best interior
city In State; less thBn S hours' ride from
Sen FrancUco; 20 acres land; 36-room furn.
hotel, with barns. *h»>ds. etc.; 3 years' lease;
can set longer: rental $r>OQ per year; horses,
buggies. 2 cows; bar well equipped; billiard
toble, piano; rai«f>s own fruit, vegetables,
hay, chicketss, etc.: big; mcney to be made:
price $2250; account death. CAMERON _
CO., 3 Eddy st.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dcllar who invested
any money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000
927 Market st. ; rooms 821. 322. 323. 324.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing- room with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
• throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and cervices secures Interest and
offlce of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references. _^
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market Et.
A— -2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "pet-
rich-nuick" gwlndle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable ' business estb. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT. - >
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co $25: will be worth $200 by August, 15HH.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market Bt.
A— $000; LAUNDRY route, clears $150 month.
$550; paying restaurant business; choice lo-
cation.
$300: cigar stand: transfer corner; $15 dally.
$5000; hotel. Humboldt Co.; 3 acres realty.
$fi00; bakery, estab. route KREDO & CO.
A — $750; SALOON: receipts $S00 mo.; barRBln;
fixtures worth $C00. Kredo & Co., 765 Mkt.
A— $«00: SALOON: whol°s=ale district; receipts
$15 daily; bargain. Kredo & Co., 763 Market.
FOR sale — Hotel business and all furniture In
Palace Hotel, Ukiah City; also hotel busi-
ness and all furniture in Arlington Hotel,
Ukiah City; only 2 hotels now in operation
in Ukiah; sales are mado in pursuance of
an order made by Superior Court, Mendocino
County. Any rne desiring to purchase ho-
tel property communicate with Effie Hung-
sted. executrix, or McNAB & HIRSCH. at-
torneys. Vklah, Cal. Full particulars given
of all property and terms of sale.
A DELICACY and branch bakery: one of the
best propositions in city; established four
years; 4 furnished living rooms; only $.500.
SKIRM. 0 Eddy St., room <72.
BARBERS, attention — Fine downtown shop; 4
chairs: Al business; only $300; 10 ethers.
SKIRM, C Eddy st.. room 72.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent, $2500. part cash; corner
saloon, on water front, $1100. paying brewery
business, $2500, or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
housea for sale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kenrny Bt.
PARTY with capital, to Join advertiser In
extending established profitable wholesale
business: silent or active: references given
and requlrt-d. Box 2578, Call.
WANTED — Good tenant for commodious store
and basement to be built on Fillmore St.. nr.
McAllister; neighborhood now good, growing
better; will build to|suit. Box 2672. Call.
$300— PARTNER wanted In liRhi, genteel busi-
ness; murt be ab!e to devote entire time;
take full charge: to a suitable party this Is
worth investigating: experienco not required.
25 Geary St.. room S.
I WILL sell at a reasonable price my half-
Interest in a lumber yard and planing mill
In a town not far from San Francisco;
have a pood trade and business is Increasing.
Address- box 2563. Call office.
A GROCERY in a first-class mininc
town within a day's ride of this city: good
trano, and I will sell as I have other and
larper interests which command my atten-
tion. Box 2060, Call office.
AN exclusive manufacturing business for
sale, all or ono-hnlf interest; patented In th*
United states and foreign countries; a ready
seller and big profits. Box 20C2, Call.
BILLIARD-HALL and cigar stand for sale;
$300; must sell. 305 Fourth st.
$3000 — HARDWARE and repair shop. . with
power; work for two men; can be enlarged;
living rooms; small rent; centrally located;
city. Address bo-; Hi?0. Call offlce,
A DELICATESSEN store for !>ale; price $850:
receipts $:!•"# per day; rent $.17 60; will stand
r!£id Investiiratlon. Address for particulars,
box 2574. Call offlce.
J.S0O— BAKERY for sale; established 17 years;
reason for selling:, owner Koine away; fine
locality; all store trade. Box 1610, Call.
$100 — BRANCH bakery and coffee house; 4
living rooms and bath; rent $IS. llMM-j
Oak St.. opposjte car house.
DELICATESSEN store for sale In n. good
bus)iie«>s location In Western Addition. Box
•Jf>54. Call office.
$t : 00— GROCERY and bnr stocked: In good
location: rooms attached; rent cheap. Box
2541. CalJ office.
A GOOD grocery store for Bate cheap; must
be sold this week. P. C. LASSEN & CO..
4W Tenth st.. Oakland, Cal.
WELL-PAYING corner saloon; 14 furnished
room*; mu«t be sold: reasonable. Inquire
t>J8 Mission «t.
; FOU tale — Good paylnc business; Colorado
Kaleon. *!47 Sacramento st.. near Kearny: open
all nl^ht: first-class stand.
Young bus. man f-ill act as w?c. accountant;
prlv. records kept; refs. ex. SO Chronicle bdtf.
FOR salo — Cheap: saloon, lodging- houee 28
rooms; account departure. 424 Pacific st.
i \VANTfr:i>— $1COO; security ample; principals
not airentx: armwer. Address box 25U0, Call.
FOR sale— Iforreracllsh jfiindinK business! anil"
delicatessen business. 2401 ty Mission st.
i FOR sal*. 1 — Cliar *tand; near Postofflce. Box
i _5M5. Call orfic. '.
WANTED— A candy store; sinte price and full
particular*. Rox 25S0. Call.
FOR sale— Saloon licenses. Box 262C. Call of-
flce.
| WANTED— Laundry route with horse and
I wagon for cash. Call at S.'<72 Mission nt.
SMALL hair dressing parlor: fine stock of hair
goods: barcain. UfSS Market Et.
PARTY with capital as partner ■ in paying
Jobbing concern. Box 2105. Call office.
BARBER sliop for sulc. Apply lssj Mission
street.
FOR'nale— $760; grocery and bar; sickness
-><?_use. , 268 Eleventh st. . -
SHOPROOM. 22x40. ground floor; cheap rent.
. Broderlck st., between Ge.iry and O'Farrell.
COTTAGES TO LET.
4 ROOMS; 8 "Wolfe st: rent $12; key at 4
Wolfe at.: Fol»om-»t. cars. .
CPBES EPPTPEE.
i WHO?— Hunter. 12U6 Market St.; $100; rupture
1 cure for {10; circular explains; send for ono.,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALB.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1080.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for roomlnff-houaes, hotels and
. all kinds of bualness chances.
1C2 rocrr.s: tnoet eleirantly appointed apart-
ment hotiss In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
em building; fine enLrax.ce; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month: -5-year lease: part cash.
balance 8 per cent per year. . .
18 rooma: rent JS6: well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance 1V4 par cent; fine buy; only
f 12wV,
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; lon« lease; . clears $t00 to $500 per
month; one of tie beet buys In the oity.
8-room uddt flat; corner; all tunny room*;
beautiful little jrem of a home; price $750.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful- furniture: 2 entrance;
takes In 5,10 tp $40 per day transient -besides
regular roome's; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms; Poet; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; cleam 530: $C0O cash, balance on Install-
ments; price -fSOO.
25 room*; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly cqjnted and papered; clearing
$50 month; part ccush; must leave city. $1530.
7-room, new, modern fiat: $450 cash, balanNpe
on installments; income $45; price $350. \
24 rooms; cheap rent: golden oak furniture;
fine beds: furnished new in June: flr»t-clas«
transient; clears $175; sickness.
7-r\>m flat: rent $40; oak furniture; r<>od
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building:
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings: dear-
ine $000 i>er month; every room full: will
tnand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpassed.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
60 rooms; rent only $300; downtown tran-
sient house; clears $200 to $250 per month;
will only take $700 to get In; must leave city;
price $2000..
106 rooms; cheap rent; first-class, up-to-date
commercial house; clearing $350 to $400 per
month; zolns East.
S rooma; upper flat; elegantly furnUhed; oak
furniture; Axminster carpets: beautiful flat.
20 rooms; cheao rent: oak and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets: good lease: clearing: $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75: Ellis; oak furni-
ture; good carpets; clears $60; leaves 3 rooms
for landlady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
4fi rooms; rent only $65; well located hotel,
south of Market: fine bar, well stock'd: brick
building;; electric liehts: everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
ft-room, new, modern flat: 4 months: ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
00 rooma; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture: high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
Eaat.
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekeeping; clears
$50; barn, with fine yard; half cash; balance
time.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year-contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $C0O per month; obliecd to leave
city.
30 roorru; rent 895; fine location: all on 2 .
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; 52000.
12 rooms: ch*aD rent: fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all expenses: always full; snap; $550.
5 rooms: Geary: rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200,
24 rooms; rent only $136; first-clam condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $95: price
$1SOO; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
29 rooms: rent JS5: lease: newly renovated
and furnished: -can get Hi more rooms; good
thing; $1500.
71 rooms; elegant, new, modern building: in
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot and cold water; everything
up-to-date; 9-year lean*; rent only $200; • clear-
Ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed. ■
63 rooms; Market st.: rent only $300; fine
transient house; very central; liquor license;
can clear $2. r .O to $360 per month; must be sold
within ten days to settle estate: only $700 cash
to get rn, balance time; big enap.
44 rooms; ren' only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year -leas: ; running water: new
building; clears $150; $H>00 down; $2S0O.
35 rooms: rent only $160; close In; thorough-
ly renovated: put in first-class condition; can
bt> run transient if desired: clears now $1S5
per mo.; part cash, bal. time; good money-
maker.
31 rooms: rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
ing over $100 per mo.: regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
127 rooms: rent $4 per room; n«w and mod-
ern building: fl years' lease; can have 125
more rooms built adjoining; all men; always
full: clears $.100 to $400 per month; fine prop-
osition.
B«l rooms; new; modern apartment house: 10-
year leafe; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300,
very central; first-class proposition. . .
C. E. H1NKLEV. PHONE MINT 79G.
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
Country correspondonce promptly answered.
Clear titles. fRellab!<> dealings. Easy terms.
20 robins; mechanics' lease: rent $40. ... .$575
CO rocms; trade for ranch; clears $350.
14 rooms; rent $.'10; amazingly low price. $:J50
'.'.\ rooms; rvnt $G0; Just think SI 550
2.1 room's: rent 5-13; one floor ......... .$1100
t> rooms; rent $20; a pick-up Sl.'SO
2<> rooms; clears $80; rent. $40 $So0
40 rooms; mechanics' house: rent $60... $1000
li; rooms; rent $50; clears $t>3: terms $830
81 rooms', sunny corner: rant $5T>. ; $MIOO
CO rooms; Market St.; liquor license. .. .$3500
12 rocrna; California st.: rent $50; «nap.$75O
10 rooms: Geary st. ; clears $40: rent $2S.$500
10 rooms; Hush *t.; rent $37 50; only.. $450
18 rooms; <l unfurnished: rent $45: . . ...$425
3."> rooms: transient: lease $1500
8 rooms; Post *t.; rent $32; only $230
12 rooms; Polk st.: partially furnished.. $450
WESTERN REALTY CO...... Tel. South 1048
1007 Vj Market St., near SUth
.- Try us
Anil we will provn we have
. The flat or lodclng-house you want....
• IXst your hotels and ' lodgtng-homes with
Western Really Co. and get quick returns.
!l rooms; clears $32 monthly: sacrifice. .$.H75
8 rooms: bath: nil new furniture $500
17 rooma: near Market; bargain for $S5O
. 18 rooms; new carpets and furniture SbOO
4 rooms; fiat; rent $15; bargain '. $ioo
Tlios-e are only a few of the many we have
booked: cell and get a free list. The Went-
J ern Realty Co.
WINSTON Sc WOLF. ~~
1028 MARKET ST.. 102C MARKET ST.
15 rooms; rent $65; well furnished $ti75
24 rooms; rent $45; north of Market. .. ..$425
25 rooms; rent $60; Howard st $1300
30 rooms; rent $<i0: best of furniture. ..$1800
«;0 rooms; rent $250- nc»ar Sutter $5.">00
' US rooms; rent $4 50 room; new,- mod..$fi.100
115 rooms; cheap rent: elegant apart... $5500
Telephone Jessie 2-11. •'
WINSTON «- WOLF. 1026 Market st.
A— $:J250; LODGING-HOUSE of 33 rooms;
clearing $250 per. month: -lease; located close
to Market mid Powell »t».; all sunny rooms;
lurnitiirr. tlr^t-i-lnss; not all cash required.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CVs Kearny si.
A— $D50: LODGING-HOUSE nf 20 rooms: rent
$10(::,1<Haterl close «o Market and Stockton:
roo<V furniture ami first-class paying. . R. G.
WILKJC. 2fi>J Kearny st.
FOU pale — Itooming house, 0 rooms; neatly
furnished.- clean; reasonable; going, away.
305 Golden Gr-te nve. •
$r>50~ NICELY furniFh»d transient house; 10
rooms; clears $C5. Call at llti Eddy st.: no
r.gepts. :
C4-I1OOM corner nous*; Sixth, near Market:
yiouse iilwavn full: must sell. Ilox 2110, Call.
FURNISHED house. Si looms and bath; must
party leaving city. 311 Leavenworth st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
.opened at-iOfift Market »t.. opposite Fifth.
Or«n until 11 p. m " - . •
I.ODfilNfi-HOIiSKS WAXTED.
WAITED— A good lodging house, one that
v.111 bear investigation. Add, box 126. Call.
cojMyEcrcoH ■ orpioss.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6586.
LOnGryO^ HOyyES FOR SALE-~Cwn
' MARION GRIFFIN.
408 Heaft bide., over Examiner entrance.
Modern tXiilness methods In fine front otfljes.
, Phone Black' 3607, or take elevator to 4th flocr.
Up-to-date tltla abstract fre« with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
lfl-room apartment-houee; 5 blocks north of
Market st.; almost no work for landlady:
clear* a little over $50 month: now $850:
was $1250.
Would you pay $2000 down and run a. transient
house for $500 monthly profit?
■ . ,
14 rooms near First Congregational Church;
rent $45; straight rooming-house; clean
$47 75 per month- oak furniture, body Brus-
sels carpets; death of owner causes the sals.
06-rooro apartment-house. nlc«ly located on a
corner near Van Ness are.; full of nice peo-
ple; thoroughly respectable and reliable.
CO rooms, well and favorably known; owner*
will grant free access to their account books
and prove that the clear profit Is $300 month;
elevator, electric lights; modern all through.
REMEMBER — First, tbat we can tell you a
81-room house full of roomers and clearing
$70 a month for only $i:»i>0; second, that you
need only pay $300 down, for we will lend
you the balance, payable In monthly install-
ments.
62-room, respectable, corner bay-window house;
clears $341 a month; long lease; low rent;
If looking for a respectable money maker a
good investment.
LITTLE payment ($500) will take a 13-room
house; NE. corner; 5 blocks north of Market;
prloe (1000; bettar see It before buying else-
where.
See this item: corner apartment-house of
160 rooms elegantly furnished; always full
and clearing $M4 monthly: Inexpensively
operated compared with other houses of sim-
ilar character; low rent; clears 40 per cent
per annum on purchase price.
00-room house; perfectly appointed: very cen-
trally located: elegantly furnished last April
In the best furniture and carpets obtainable;
electricity for elevator and lights: hot water
In each room: lease for 9 years; Income S40(S
over rent; all large single rooms and roomers
all business men.
Brand new house 4 blocks north of Market: 30
large, desirable ' rooms; low rent; 3-year
"lease; most artistically furnished: will clear
$200 to $300 owing to management.
BEAUTIFUL furniture; 16 rooms; clean and
fine; - absolutely worth 3 times the amount
we ere asking you. but on account of Im-
mediate departure will give it for $000.
115 rooms. $«500; rent $330; Income $900 per
month: lease If desired: LOOK at the rent —
remarkably low; NOTE the Income.
NEW house. 28 rooms; NEW furniture; rent
$60; only men roomers; price $1500; all cash.
23 rooms on Sutter st. ; rent $75; well fur-
i nished: all men roomers; a good buy; clears
$100 month.
Spot cash ($425) before February 27 takes a
10-room house north' of Market; new huild-
tng; rent $45; 10 rooms newly and elegantly
furnished; 6 rented unfurnished; 4 big bay
windows.
$275 .per month Income over rent; LARGE
house on Market: price $3500; half cash and
j small monthly installments; furnishings In
gcod order; it's O. K. for any one with $1730
in bank.
19 rooms; MARK what we claim: good build-
ing, new Axminster and velvet carpets, beau-
tiful birdseye maple, oak and mahogany
furniture, bought new last August: lease;
$100 per month put into bank; nicely located;
6 blocks north of Market et.
22 rooms; income $117 over rent: new and nice;
full of refined, permanent roomers: beauti-
fully furnished with hair mattresses, oak,
mahogany, and heavy Brussels carpets; a
SWELL PROPOSITION.
VAN NESS and Geary is a good location; 10
rooms well furnished; yields good living for
3 people; for sale at a BARGAIN on EASY
TERMS.
32 rooms. $2000; clears $150 month: lease for
3 years: transient and permanent: sunny
side of street; good business ror two people.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I jruaranteee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
will brine reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mail most
satisfactory, $2; readings daily. $1; develop-
in gclassThursdar ; _8p : m : 602Eddyst.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, Washington's birthday se-
ance. Monday eve.; 328 Ellis St.; 50c.
MRS. LESTER, 325 Turk nt. ; life reader, busi-
ness medium; readings dally; clr.Tues & Frl.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
v Call at once and save $1.
■ His former $3 readings this week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
You consult him.
(You to be full judge.)
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
Pnlaiift ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if 1 fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I prom-
lie to tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; tell whom and when you
will marry, in fact I will tell every hope,
fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself: I restore lost affections, reunite the
separated, cause, happy marriage, make you
successful in life, cure disease and lost vital-
ity, develop mediums, give advice on mines
and burled treasures and Insure you succors
or- charge nothing for my services; 10 a. m.
to S p. in.; Sundays. 17' to 6.
32«— O'Farrell st.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permu
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
/ bids; she reads your life correctly, given an
I' accurate description of the paet, reveals' the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in
«!! cflalre of life; 25c up; satisfaction Ruar-
anteed; readings by malt. Tel. Black 4569.
KHEM. THE~MYStTc~
Is sojourning at .TIG Polk St.. city (suites 3
and 4). .where he gives marvelous life read-
ings by ancient Egyptian occult knowledge,
transmitted to chosen Initiates three succes-
sive age a from earliest antiquity: this knowl-
edge covers, in. the readings, every condition
cf human affairs. . and gives fur one dollar
unexcelled enlightenment regarding present
and future.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
at., cor. Turk; private readings daily, lo a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mail a* satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered. $1 :
full life, $5: send lock of hair. date, of year
of birth; don't. send currency: i>»nd postoffice.
Wells-FarKO money order or registered letter.
MRS. E. M.' SANDERS.
Advice Kivefi on all kinds of business:
'teacher of mental suzgestion nnd th« new
thouRht. 100a Suttor Bt. Phone 25«? Polk.
Evenings and Sundays by appointments.
THE only original Roman Gypsies In the city;
pulmlFtti. clairvoyants, card reader*, trance
mediums;, we hsve- given readings to 10.000
people in Kan Francisco since our arrival;
they are eatinficd, so will you be. 2S." Geary.
MIES ZEMDAR. yours. i:ifte<« clalr. _ palm.;
"1 correctly treat your love ' affairs, domes'^
trouble, bus. *n>l financial success: lumfl
1-..' f.0c; G..-$l. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. RAVBNN'A reads life; business advice:
names. given; 25c up. Office hours. 10 a. m. to
r. p. iri.. S 4th ft. : 7 p. m. lo 10 p. m. at. rest-
dence.' So5' Howard st.: Sundays at residence.
MUS~A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
voyant, card readers when others fall try me;
cood readings 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
MISS. M. wIlle. crystal seer, life reader:
without asking a question reads your entire
,-llfe; special,- $1 this week only. 4RO Geary.
MME. OLIENTA. clalr., cardreader: iT." 23c :
gents COc: hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. in. 3
Mayre Terrace.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 917 Market, rnu.
11-12;. gives dates, names, facts: hours 11-t).
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 23c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission st.. nr. ftth; open Sun.
MME. MARSKAU. card reader; ladles 23c;
gents BOc: hours 1 to 9. 12o fith at., room 13.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26Vi Kearny. room 20: ladies, 23c; gents 30c.
MADAM FERN, card reader of 100 Fifth 6t..
removed - to US ' Ninth st.
CLAIItVOVAXTS — Continued.
MRS. BAUMAKN. the well-known fortuae-
telUr. Is bow at 317 Kills st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23 Vj 6th; la. 25c; g. COc
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: «lt-
tirgs daily. 448H Jessie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
CARPET UKATIXG A.\P CLEANIXO.
AIR row universally used In cleaning carpet*
on floor, without removal: price moderate.
8. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. PhOD« Main S23*.
WHEN you become disgusted with "your work
send fo"r SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-857 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
* rlson St.; Al cleaning; Sc. Tel. Mission 223.
HOPKE BRO3.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 21«-
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harlson St.. tel. Mission 26J.
CON'KIJN'S Superior Carpet-beating Work*.
XXi CTntflTi Gate wve. : telephone East 2rt.
DENTISTS.
VH. MURPHY, 804^5-6 Callaghan bldg., Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Bastard Obtun.
der: the only device ever invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plate* are
made; old plates made over ltke new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs: crown, $3 50; fillings, 30c:
plates. $3; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Pfaelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Eet teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings. 23c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 33c; crowns. 12: no
paln:open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt. 204 Sutter.
DROSMAKBRS AM) SKA.MSTKKSMS*
Accordion, gunburst and knife plaiting; double
■tamps en drees linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. IIP Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Drescmaktng 4k Millinery School —
Patterns cot to measure; eve class 101ft Mkt.
EDl'CAT I O X A L.
NIQHT AND^BXY^icHOOLS for men and
working boys; instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of interest to all men; business meth-
ods a specialty: personal attention given;
thirty Instructors; private coaching: night
law school; Instructors from University of
California end Stanford University; indus-
trial classes; men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
other privileges of the association If desired;
international certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men, strangers coming to the
city directed to good homes: association em-
ployment agency for ail graduates of our
school; the beneficial influence of a great
moral Institution; our work is Indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men o?
the city: our educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges In the
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
ing: naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties: advantages over
other schools, tuition less. Instruction supe-
rior; we are not In business to make money,
but "to make men"; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the Interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Youns
Men's Christian Association Institute of
Pr&fctleal Education for Men and Boys. H. J.
McCoy. General Secretary. San Francisco.
Address all communications to "LE ROY
BURNS SMITH. Educational Director.
AYRES the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; life scholarship,
$50: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from C to, 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Muscio. principal: exceptional advantage:?;
lnrsrest school of the kind in the West;- send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason.
WRITE to California Business College for In-
formation concerning February club dis-
count; on moving Into our new and elegant
building we want S0O students: come and
Join the great school of the West: 75-page
catalogue. 901-925 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening session. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
language*, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College.. 12C6 Market st.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters arid be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bid. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlt'n.,
I spelling-, writing, etc.; day eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
st.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
■ Elv^NlcE^iN^^cTvll7elec..min.. mech.. surl
I vey a<Mny cyanide: day. ev. ;est.lS64. Van
der'Nalllen School. 11.3 Fultcn. nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st.. near
Oth. Prof. Foster: eoclety dancing taught. .
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club $1 per mo. S2S Haight st.
KENT Law School; always open: conducted by
practical lawyers. 536 Parrott building.
$73 TUITION of a leading business college $50.
Box 2549. Call.
ESPANOL — Metodo practico y progresivo.
Rafael Serrano. &30 California, cuarto nm. 4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice. 462jGeary at.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. 139 Post st.. room 37.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION -Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
PIANO lessens. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYJIE.\T OFFICES.
G_T~your¥eip"arPINE JAPANESE EMPLOT-
: 11EXT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church: Dhone Pouc 3S66.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
n'.shes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— OP.PHEUM Employment Office — Japanese^
Chinpse help. 42tt Powell st. Tel.. Main 37a.
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce: Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 16S.
! RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 213 Stockton: Main 3183.
' CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
i Tel. Main 1337. BRADLEY _ CO.. «40 Clay.
| -
EMPLOVME.ST WAXTED FEMALE.
• EXPERIENCED dressmaker, recently from
Marshall Field's, Chicago, wishes position
I aa Jitter or day engagements: city reference.
: Address H. L., SC2 Valencia at.
; — : - —
PARTIES with finest references will take
-• cbarpe of home for OTnt.> going abroad for
several months, or a perm&_ent position of
that kind; have no children: or will manage
for widower's or bachelor's home, either
town «r country. Box 2110, Call offico.
FIRST-CLASS French cook want* a position
In club or Institution or first-class private
, family; speaks gcod English: best references
Cali or address MME. D. TH1JEBAUD. New
Western Hotel.
A COMPETENT, reliable, young woman de-
sires housework: city or county; In a rood
family; small wages. Box 2606, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS German and English cook wants
. a. position In first-class hotel, city or country.
MISS FLEMMING. New Western Hotel.
' AMBITIOUS, bright schoolgirl wishes position
as offlce assistant; will accept small salary
for experience. J. W., 645 Hyde st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants & position as
housekeeper: no children: wages from $20 to
$25. Box 2547. Call.
SITUATION wanted as child's nurse; reTer-
ences. Address 134 Duncan st.
■
A YOUNG girl wants to fake care of children
i and do upstairs work. Call SS13 26th at.
KMP ;^EyTJWA5TED--FBMALB.
r o%Z tnn ' : reference>
"S^SfgSS^-/ Shr'p'Ace £_£££
Box 2526. Call. -
WAVTED— Position to do cooking an^.* ene rj ;
drew box 2073. Call office.
gSEETJSE i**£ 3g sESSr "
country. Aadre_i box 20.2. call otace.
YOUNG Udy stenographer, with ««ow!ed» of
bookkeeping, desires a position as office _»-
sistant. Box 2074. Call ofgee.
A PAST mlddle-axed lady desires PO»»««» »
housekeeper or companion; wages. *1» a
month. Box 2709. Call-
FIRST-C1.ASS dressmaJcer wishes en*a^imen«
by the day; cut and flt guarantees. i*v
Octavia st.
COMPETENT middle-aged f o . lor « d _, w0 £.*£
would ltke a situaticn as child s nurse. -.10
Greenwood st^
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
desires permanent position. Box 2631. Call.
A GERMAN lady would like a position aa goy-
erne*r Phcni John 2091 or addre*. 573
Twentieth »t.. Oakland.
JAPANESE girl wants position to do eooklnj
and housework In city. 1109 Pierce St.; tei.
Scott 17S5. ____________
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
WANT, ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Baxaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAJfTED — MALE.
POSITION as watchman or guard: have been
such before; can furnish good references.
Address box 4341. Call offlce.
COACHMAN wants situation: »ood. e_ref-l
driver; good horseman; knowt city well; un-
derstands gardenlr.s: Rood worker: has city
and country references; sober and respec:-
able. E. S.. room 134, New Western Hotel.
AN experienced buyer and manager Is open for
engagement; men's clothing, hats, furnlshln*
roods: thoroughly competent to take full
charge; nr»t-ela«s in every respect; know3
how stock should be handled to make money:
In or out of the ctty; principals only. Ad-
dress box 2522. Call offlce.
PRIVATE records accurately kept: books
opened; closed; trial balances; statements
sent; ad%ertlsing: lists furnished; address-
Ing, etc.; representative salesmen; solicitors;
collections reliable: confidential. The Audit
Company, room 80. Chronicle building.
HANDY man. carpenter, can do almost any-
thing, wishes employment on ranch or else-
where. Box 2612, Call offlce.
RELIABLE man. 26. wants position In private
place, city or suburbs; Crst-class hors»man
and driver; generally useful; thoroughly
competent In every respect: best of refer-
ences. Box 2C1S. Call offlce. '
FIRST-CLASS mechanical and electrical
draughtsman desires employment. Addreis
A. C. B.. S12 Bristol et.. West Berkeley.
PRIVATE records accurately kept; books
opened ; closed trial balances; statements sent :
advertising lists furnished; addressing, etc.;
representative salesmen, solicitors; collections;
reliable; confidential. Address box 150. Call.
BARBER, first-class American young man. de-
sires position at Mountain resort season 1904;
steady, reliable; state particulars, etc.; city
references. Box 2K1.\ Call offlce.
BY mlddle-a_ed man as clerk or buyer: as-
sist cleric in hotel; 12 years as buyer for
wholesale grocery house; good reference. Ad-
_j}ress box 104<>, Ca'.l offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — A position a_ master mechanic wtth
a lumber or mining railway company, by *
man with 15 years' experience. Address box
1032. Call offlce. Oakland.
GARDENER, reliable ar.d Industrious, wants
I>csltion; well up in his business; best of
references. Address box 1C46, Call offlce. '
YOUNG reliable Englishman desires position as
valet: can furnish first-claw references of his
ability and honesty. Box 2SCft. Call.
WANTED — Position by mechanic, one who is
plumber and tinsheet metal worker, in ctty or
country. Box 2001. Call offlce.
RELIABLE young man with best of refer-
ences, well acquainted In the city, wishes
situation as collector. Box 2114. Call.
WAXTED — By a compentent gardener and
greenhouse man. private place or Institution;
best of references. A. W.. box 2814. Call.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper, willing to learn
grocery business, wants situation. Call 318
Laguna st.
AN experienced cutter and practical tailor de-
sires position; best of references. Box 2102,
Call office.
THE great modern system cutter on gents'
garments: 27 years of age: 14 years' experi-
ence; In country or city. 430 Natoma si., city.
GOOD city salesman with references for spe-
cial line. Box 2500. Call.
PATTERN maker with many years' experi-
ence desires work. Box 2599. Call.
ELDERLY man to waeh cans and work around
dairy. Box 2122. Call office.
EXPERT proofreader and manuscript reviser
offers services. Box 2071. Call.
DRUG clerk, registered, temperate, desires
position; speakd German. Box 25S7. Call. '
YOUNG man would like a position driving
wagon in city. Address box 2576. Call.
MARRIED man wants situation as Janitor;
references furnished.. Box 2363. Call.
CASHIER, restaurant, is open for employment.
Box 2124. Call office.
BOY wants position to carry papers. Box 20S5.
Call offlce.
BOY. 15. wants work en farm; haa had sums
experience. Address E. Z.. S41A Howard st.
YOUNG Japanese wants a pc«ition to do house-
work. 527 Dupont st.. city.
YOUNG Japanese wants situation to do house-
work In hotel. Box 2111. Call.
CHNESE boy. flrst-clafs cook, wishes place in
good family; good reference; wages $30. Cali
between 11 a. rn. and 1 p. m.. phone Chin.*
146. Address box 2121. Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as plain
cook or laundry; very experienced; formerly
laundry boy. J. TANAKA. 51S Jessie st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position at
housework and help rooking. F. U.. 1040
McAllister st.; tel. Fell 71S1.
A JAPANESE, good, honest boy, wants a po-
sition cooking and housework; city or coun-
try. F. O., 931 Sacramento st.
A JAPANESE wants position as a plain cook
In a good family. FRANK, 1333 Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 22CO Fillmore.
<A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
>*ubscrlrticn_ has been established at lOuti
Valencia «t. . . : ■-.-
FEATHER RENOVATING.
BY new, healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Noss ave.: tel. Howard 3187.
FIXAJICIAL.
4% PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and fl
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. ar.d L. Association. 516 California
st. A. A. Watklns, president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president: S. Prentlsa Smith,
treasurer: Clarence Grange, secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
George C. Boardman and Charles B Lad'd.
directors: Walter K. Smith, cashier
Subscribed capital. $3.CC0 000; paid in capl-
tal. Sl.COO.OOO: reserve fund, $2OO.0C0.
$2500' WILL secure one-half Interest In rery
valuable mine and large Interest In business
trnnntcted with the Panama Canal. Addre-i
"Miner." Cts Montgomery st.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stor*
floated W. H. BITTNEK. Lawyer and FW
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FURNISHED fllToT+Soom,, and batiTyartl
$35: central. Box l«lf>. Call office.
FLATS yOK SALE — ytlR.MSHED.
FLAT for sale; 6 rooms, an sunny; on Larkln
St.: nets $_(> above rent: must be sold; suit-
able for doctor or dressmaker. Box l_Uv
Call offlce.
SUNNY 7-room centrally located flat at a s_c^
rlfice: furniture good; water in 4 rooms; no
agents jor Jobbers need reply. Box 813. Cklt
FURNITURE of 5 rooma complete; best con-
dition; modern flat; barsala. T30 Oct_vt» •_,f "_•* : i-LCTS TO LET.
A-iroUKES and Cats to let; an Immense list
X51 a* *S»M>lut.!y fr*e: taks _dv a nta«e or
'h!« department; it will cave you time and
►v°/^*tiJ-^a*r«f Url>itUre °°- -^^ J G ' a 7
. . '
A V;t'. C i ? he n ™ 1 <Je»!rab!e fats and houses are
Lzr* K our renting department; let us give
ou a Ust and h«tr> you find cne in the toca-
_JS5r_T?Sr-^* n i; STERLING FURNITURE
_£_*:*£?• 1<29 Market St.; services abso-
XUW -a**; Ju«. completed; every jx-rMfcle cnr\-
x r. R " nc * : cl ™« t<v main entrance ' to park:
s.i nvirnt tat service; «>v«>ry room ounny
rwts irrcm $27 MV> *35 : open 1 to 4. 7C2
beventn ave.. n»*r Fulton st
I WANT to rent, a fiat of 5 «r «". rooms in
cckhJ Ration, en etreet-ear lino prffrnvni;
T-V, Ration' snd particulars. . lies 2575.
Call e.fV*.
J^
513-FLAT or » room, and bath. Et-tlonary
tul* ?4CS Harrison St., bet 2Cth and 21 si.
JONES. S73. corner EIl!t-Mr«1iTii F-jnny flat
of • rrv--;y isr.d "riath. VOX RHE1N REAL
.EgTATE CO., 513 California st.
€ACP.AM F.NTO. 374*.~ near Spruce—" Elegant
'i^^iT f ' at rf •' rooms and bath; rent S3'J.
CIOOKER A LENT. 14 Port st.
; SEVENTEENTH. 41S2. bet. rastro an<l Doug-
! • I*"— Sunny, upper flat, 7 room*, bath, bare-
.- mf-nt.
COLE. 7l>3 — New top corner f.at; 6 rooms;
;. btth: rent $40. >
FULTON. 1^2— A modern" sunny flat of 8
roomc; new. ••:■'
. *JOLJ)EN GATE ave.. 1023— Large flat; light
•and tunny; rent reasonable.
JACKSON. 8601 — Corner fiat: « rooms: bath;
_ marine *iew; eunny; $17 50;call after 2 p. m.
EL £5 ANT moder n S«t of 6 rooms and bath at
is».. EUU «t.. near S^ott; rent $-10.
KLAT of « room*; flue marine view; bathroom
tr.d tollft feparate. 2 114 Lcavcnworth Ft.
FLAT. » rooms, bath, cink aad washrooms;
ront $27 So. Key 2946 Mission st
< LARGEST list of house* and fiats to !*>t. Call
m LYON a: KOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
SJODERN cora-r Cat 7 rpoms. bath; larje
cellar. -CS Shrader st.
GUTTER. 25l5l-New fiat: 8 room*: attic and
r»»jit reasrnabW to right party.
FLOniSTS.
FtyDRAL pieces for all occasions: prices rea-
sor.able. 1« Hayes ft.: tel. Jewie 1C.
IFl'ttMTlRE FOR SALE.
TURNITURE of . 7-room flat; sun in every
0 room: everything clean and ready to live in;
mill b* ready 24th; rent $2r.; location. Ifow-
at'i and 22d «t>. Call 403 Valencia, cor. 15th.
FIRMURE WAXTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture nd mdse. L. K.
Bras. a-ctioneer.lfeli» Mkt.: tel. Howard 275«
* HELP ",'AXTED FEMALE.
THIS offlc-e cjiens at 8: .'in a. m.; clu** 1 * 5:3o
■ P in.; Monday a t }■. '..-.;. ■ , office not open: a
flrrt-c'.as* cook fcr large family, $50; a
wdr£in* bouwkeeper 4 m— et cook plainly} ax\-i
ssrlFt with as invalid lady, plac? in city.
»'«*<■» f^y a month; a rtrong nur*e for rheu-
matic invalid. $3u and found; a French nur-
soy t'jxf-mcfs, $3w; an experienced pantry
-Ctrl for hotel. $3u and room out: a waitre;-?
•, and parlormaid, small family. $.'U»; a first-
class lauadrt-ss. S30; a ftrst-olafs, cook for an
.■vm«Tic*.n family in city. $45; a waitress for
; ttOMO family. $25; a nursf for an infar.t.
£25; • 15 houi!f work eirU. $2o to $35. Call
t_ead-]r at M1?S PLCKKKTT*8. 425 Putter
. «., pear Powell: Monday holiday; oi'fice not
<.••*■:■!. MISS nJCXKBTT.8. 4_5 Sutter s:..
r.- ;r Poue:'.
.EXPERIENCED mir»e. city. *3O; 2 Iaua-
<ir*-js«-f-. 1 city. 1 country. $3iJ; nur^e jrlrl,
<3t rman. earf child, $2<>: mldrile-apt-d woman.
IMMMWK «<V S. J. BEAN. J7 Fourth st ;
rh<-Tj» Cuth 1C7.
\"A — WANTED— Girls to learn hairdressinx.
- . BSMmrtax. etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In a meek?: to those rntering now; 3 po-
fclttOM to fl II immediately; position* g-uaran-
t'-.c >t ?lt> pt-r 'week up; leading school la
> \\>*t. _:3 G<-ary it., room 13.
A — Girls to S^arn mtliiPCTy new for spring sea-
son; both f*asor.i» taught from start to finish
# m 1 moot- Tor $15; position as trimmers.
E_M_tCJe», etc.. tuaranteed a t $10 per wk up;
.cay acd evening class. 14.T Stockton rt.. r. 13.
•A— LADIES to leans all branches hairdrtsclriu
trade rriacicurine, m_c*aee. etc. 1£C6 Mar-
kn *l_. ccr. Jones, room 94; positions secured
*t hU;hf£t uage* : day £M ove. class; call.
Kirt£T-CLA. c S tailoircs on custom coats; must
• be cood buttonhole maker. 514 Turk *t.
WANTED — Experienced sir! on coats. 112
•Rjss «.
tTAITRESS wsntrd % .'.24 Fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED w.man a? working house-
k«j«er: 2 jji family. €22 Natoma n.
TALENTED amateur performer*. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
, WANTED — Tour.g woman of experience as
,« run 1 <b for child 2 yars of ape: must b* re-
ftned «nd oorr.e well recommended; good po-
fitl^n for on* who appreciates a good home;
etate age. experience- and salary" expected.
Apply box _CVr. Call office.
AN old German r.-oma.n to do light housework:
mill family; good borne; email wages. J4-G
.Foiscm «t.
LADIES to kw on furs; wages while learning;
»o>k given out. 83* San Pabio ave., Oak-
land.
Kivn busine** women at enre: references and
security. Box 2112. Call office.
APPRENTICE? and maker at BSUHbery. Room
6. 131 Post rt.
GIRL rj pood schooling, about 18, to learn
typrgpftiPg; $4 vi-etk. 5JC Comm»rcia: st.
1\*;MAN war.tod for housework; family if
two. 220>~ Fulton et.
' A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has betn
" 4ip*r<«>d at IOCS Market et.. opi«>f!te Filth.
. Op*u until 11 f. m-
ADVERTISEMENTS, sub-crlptlor.s received at
Cs.ll branrh office, cor. Duncan & Church gts.
* II 1; I.I' WASTED — MA__..
AT C. R. HANSKN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 165.
FOR NEVADA.
NEW GOVERNMENT DITCH WORK.
Teamsters -.V hour
V.Laborrrs _. 25c hour
.R&ckmeu T. 27>^,c hour
Tonnri muckers ....27V^c hour
Tunnel drillers 31 }jc hour
FARE REFUNDED.
. g«ccn<l cock. fS5 tr.3.. broiUr. $C3 mo., first-
• clase cafe, north, fare advanced.
• Conk _nd wife and helper, institution, coun-
■ try. party h'-re ifenday room.. $300 mo., fd
• \r*fCr— atn. country v hotel. Tare paid $45
' Ve«<-t_blerrjin and make waffles, country
birtel $-«
KJt«hrn hand for a camp $25
I>eiry man. whu c«n kjll pigs $.1»
' Ranch blacksmith, AJarr.eda Co $4'J fd.
Hardr~n blaster > W day
vocnj German to help In nursery ...$I2 v.-fc
C. ll: HANSEN & CO 42» Bush St.
' j\ WANT to rer.t 50 teams for R, It. wprk In
California: *<ra-;<er work; ?, months' v.ork
ra»rmnte«l. For particulars apply
C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 423 Bush St.
fiP'OXD but!T fcr country: farmer and wife.
SSO und found; dairyman. $35 and found:
"-choretnan and porter for country. $2(» and
fcund; cook, Fm_ll hotel. $33 and *4t» and
' .icmr.6; restaurant cock, $1« and $18: bread
baker $12 week nr.d found, for country
. whop, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
Cm Sacramento, et.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. SC Montpomery. n. 1_.
Cook, country. *W>. fare In thre* months.
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied nn-
jT.arrted men. between ages of 21 and tt;
citiuns of United States, of good character
and tenrperste habits, who can rpeak.. r*-ad
ari< write Enpllsh. For Information apply to
•"' Recruiting Officer. RIaito building. New
Muetro*3*ry rt. «?*n Francisco, or 1028 Sec-
cn«1 rt.. Eacran-f-nto '
___ _ L
. Men t." learn the tarber trade In two month*
tn<l »ecure rood positions; catalogue and Mil
information mailed free, MOLER ?yftera
Collage. <T.3 «J«> tt.
WANTED— -Thrr* good men to solicit trade In
OakUnd; ajood money to right parties. Ap-
• niv Monday betw<>en 10 and 12 a. m.,
STEWART & HOPKE, 1233 Broadway. Oak-
land. '
TUT our men's shoe*, union made, at $1 and
• {1 SO rw>r pair, foot -form f hoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic 8hoe».$3 50; best shoes on earth. II
T-ird at. Exam. bid... 6 Coon from Market 1
HELP W iXTF.n M \LK— Cnnf InnM.
A— MURRAY £ READY. «34-C3C Clay «
Phone Main .1S-SS.
1!K3 We Gave 1004 We Hoi>e to
CC,(>C0 Men Work. Iocrease CO.OOU.
7 a. m. Monday.
TO
SHIP DAILY.
Clos* to Prcscott. Arirona; S. F. & P. P.
uCO nun for R. U. work: good wages.
910 ir.ile*. AHIZONA. §9 10.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Palocn cock. $55; pnrter for saloon, S4.~i:
waiter. restaurant. $10 50 week; married
milker, south. tW and' house; sh<?er>herder.
.are $1 50. $-W and found: carriage painter,
ccuntry. ?:: day: cook, country hUel, $40;
woodturner, planing mi!!. $3 00 day; 0 coyks.
4 W_it«ra, 7 dishwashers, farmer?, chorcmon,
plow tcarr.Rters and milkers; tinsmith, coun-
try job; wnodchojtpers. pood prices; milker.
hickls-on County, fare i.aid. *.".O and f<mnd:
tcrrc cotta worker; blacksmith holper, ?40
f. ur.d; gardener, S25 found; cook, small coun-
try hotel. *.-{0 found, fare pp.iti; 2 elrvator
bo">s, *2u and room; young man as solicitor.
MINES.
GOLD AND SILVER.
Five single and double hand miners for gold
ouartz mine. $< K 2 zo.
Two mere miner*, hydraulic mine, $S2 50.
MURRAY & HEADY. 634-430 Clay Et.
MURRAY ft READY, CM-C.-JC Clay et.
A— ' SPECIAL.
MINES. •
GOLD AND SILVER
MIXES.
1ft sinele »nd double hand miners, $S2 50.
8 niachino miners, go!»l mine. 590.
10 ir.uckerc. eoW. mine, $C7 50.
5 laborers, no experience, $00.
ML'RKAY & HEADY. t>34-(3C Clay St.
V.* ANTED — A young man about 16 years old
for rtock rlerk; dry-goods house; refer-
ences requir*»d. Address N. E. & Co., box
1C14. Ceil office.
■WANTED— A finisher on blank books; steady
petition to good hand. Apply Sanborn.
Vail fc Co.. 741 Market ft.
WANTED — Apprentice boy over 14 years to
learn paintlnc trade. 41S14 Post st.
BARBER wanted; first-class man and sfady
work. 230 California at
WAXTKD — A thoroughly prectical man for su-
perintendent cf . a ranch, where owner does
not rv tide; must un-Jemand the breeding and
care cf flee stock, horses and cattlo and have
unquestionable references as to ability and
character. Address full}-. -stating ealkry ex-
pected. X. Y. 7... box 2C79. Call office.
BARHERS. take notice— The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall sq.. or 1504 Market «.
Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local 14S JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
■ women, handle merchandise contracts; good
compensation; easy proportion to place; In-
vestigate. Royal Mercantile Co.. suite 19.
Columbian bldg.. or 952 Broadway. Oakland.
MEN anJ women wanted to learn the barber
trade in S weeks for $15. under competent
teacher. Western College of Barbers. 047
Cormneriral Ft.. San Franci*cc.
FIRST-CLASS two-chair barber shop. 63 miles
from city; good business; for sale or ex-
change for c!ty shop. L. DE RITIS. 338
Green st. city.
TRY our men's sho»>s, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-fcrm shoes at $2 50; we pay
expre5s or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. b!d.
WANTED-;- Laborers ar.d mechanics to know
that E<1 Rolkin. Reno Hoaw proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third rt. : 2jO rooms; 25c to 5Oe per night.
A FIRST-class traveling salesman for a large
l^cal tailoring firm; do not apply unless
thoroughly experienced. Apply box 2692. Call.
THREE young men to earn their way through
college cut-ide of nrhool hours. California
Business College. 305 Larkln st.
COMPETENT l>ookkeeper: give age, experience
and .«alarr *xjwted. Answer in own hand-
writing, box 2025. Call office.
1ZA YOUNG men. IS years of age. to organize
military organization. Call S. SZAN1K. 473
Valrnci.a et.. bet. 6 and Sjj. m.
COMPETENT bookkeeper: give age. experience
and salary expectf-d. in handwriting,
box 2CJ3, Ca'.l office.
PEN5-MON ATTY.. M. HARRI?, 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references irom thousands of
perrons for whom I have secured ..pensions.
SALESMAN. Insurance exrx-rlenre; '$100 per
month; bond requir»-d. Box 254fi. Call.
WANTED — M»>Fsenger boy. about 14, for office;
Apply I 1 . O.- box 2U4S; give references.
OFFICE boy la wholesale house: hours 7 to C;
jrive age- an-J wages wanted. Box _r>(2». Call.
WANTED— A fffod carrot weavr. Apply at
GEO. MATTHEWS', 700 5th St.. Oakland.
liFLIABLE married German; understands
tT.ding bar; also can tell Indocrs. 2GG5, Call.
BLACKSMITHS, carpenter*, green hands and
eaiiors for whaling. Dent's place. 26 Steuart
HAN to do 'an'.tor work for tuition ia S. F.
Uarber School. 741 Howard Et.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place, 2C Steuart st
PENSION Etty.. E. A. Bulll?. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
T .V:NCHEST"R Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
fr?e 'bue and Laggage to and from ferry.
A 'BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
'pened at 1(>OS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branrh office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes m»n's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission St.. bet. 1st ar.d 2d sts.
GET your fhoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 5Oc. 5(3 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
JUST arrived from the Howard estate, New-
man, carlcad cf brok* and unbroken horses
weighing from I2*.»0 to ■ 1500 pounds.' At
FRED H. CHASE & CO.'S stockyards. 17J2
Market st
FOR sale — A mu!c; works double and tingle;
good.i>ack animal. ROBERTS. 1015 Market.
FOR sale — Pair of handsome family carriage
horses, sound and gentle; 2-eeated trap; sil-
ver mounted harness. Call at car barn, Em-
eryville.
AUCTION every Tuesday. 11 a. m.. of horses,
v,a?ons and harness, at 1140 Folsom st
■WANTED — A good young horse for delivery
».agr,n. Box 2003. Call.
WANTED — A business buggy in good condi-
tion Address box 127. Call.
FOR ea!e — Six second-hand express wagons
ar.d two trucks. 233 Eeale st.
Al KXPP.ESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for. sal* cheap- 532 Mi«.«ion st i
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagon?, buekbd. sur- i
rey.hamess.work.drivlnghorses. I5th-Valen.ela
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Weekly Call.
1« pa^o'. in wrappor.for m^iline. $1 per year.
QOL'SES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; *end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BEFORE rr.ov!W Ret our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 2.*> Post st
HOUSES FCR.VISHED-.FOR SALE.
$650; 1IL>T sell to-day; parties going away;
S-roomed liouite; new furniture. 1009 Sut-
ler at
$175—6 ROOMS and bath; rent $18; 4 rooms
rer.tod $'J ever rent Box _1CK3. Call office.
LEAVENWOUTH. S20. nr. Sutter— 14 rooms.
10 furnlfhe'l. $Sr<0 roth: a bargain.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED — To rent suburban home, complete-
ly furnished, with large rrounus. for tho
rammer months;- not more than 1% hours'
ride from city; give full particulars. Box
2.-.4S Call.
IXVESTMEXTS.
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dlvidend-paylnt; securities for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st
LOST AXD FOUXD.
HORSEMAN would - like to meet gentleman
willing to play good Inside information at
Oakland races. Address box S. Golden Gate.
California.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia EavlnM
•nd Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of ANDREW RYAN or Margaret C,
Ryan. No. 277-2S0. The finder will please re-
turn to bank. . *. ■ ■ ■'.
_OST — Package " of spoons and ■ forks on th«
Polk-ct car. bet 1:30 and 12 p. m. Return
ttme to 70aA Guerrero st; reward. - :
Lost Memorandum book. Return to William
SuM'-an. 15 Sixth, et ; $5 reward. ' . 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1904.
LOST AXD FOUXD— Cont'lnneJ.
LOST — Brown purse containing silver, a wed-
ding ring and 2 photo coupons. Finder keep
money, return ring and purse to Call office.
LOST — Fox terrier dog belonging to invalid
child. C. V. MILLER, 1C84 Bush; lib. reward.
MONEY TO LOAX. '
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-002-MKJ Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by dealing directly.
"statc-s. sei-ond mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies.'- life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. .
WILL LOAN '
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or ■ ' >
Chattels, in city, town
or country. .
Low rate of interest f
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
■ Location, etc.
Box 4C8. Call office.
ANY amount quickly on furniture, or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.:
■ fairt>t rates: strictly- confidential. National
Credit Co.. OS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: lanre business in
46. principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrett bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S4C Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 f«t cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commlsFlon, no publicity: $25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSON & CO.. financial brokers. Emma
Spreckels bldg.. rm. 621: loans and all other
financial matters negotiated: confidential.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
tit W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st V
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10:; Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000..
NEW easy method— To wage earners on unln-
dorspd notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg. -
TO raJaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on' furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission :installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY at reasonable rates on Dlanos and
furniture; private; no commlssioh; payments
accepted. 6 Eddy St.. r. 111.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 70S Market st. room 207. •
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN, room SI, 6 Eddy st
I PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 7C8 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans rooney-to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
MONEY WAXTED.'
WANTED Party v.ith carMtal to invest in
rnanufaciurir.g* food busings: big profits;
buEinesp increasing; ?o rapidly that more capi-
tal la required. A. R.. COULSON CO., Peta-
luma. Cal.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able: I have no failure*; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fees; 17 years' experience in all
female disorders; call or write without delay;
advice free- correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and S.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 626 Post st
MP.s! DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SU Market st. opp. 5th.
DIt G. W. O'DONNELL — AH who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst relief;
treatment $10: hours, 10 to 5: 25 years exper.
CATARRH. DFAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st,
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment- 1126 Market st
•DR. WESTON— Prompt relief for ladies; con-
sult him free. SOS Kearny st; tel. Main 4Sl.
DR. ROSEN resides 2005 Folsom st, corner
2Cth; ladles, rtllef cr no fee; ?10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell Et. opposite
TTnlon square: all dlneases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD MIXING
100 shares of gold Ftock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE. '
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery- McIN-
TQSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "
Repair it vrtth elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay.
needs nu paintin? or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shaftinc. etc.. etc., bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday capers
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
A— FINE -uiu. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 0 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS. -sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-555 Spear st
SHOWCASE; glass front; running drawers
and doors; 28 feet: price $30. BACIGALU-
PI'S .PENNY ARCADE. S40 Market st
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 hats. $1 00.
■ Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny at.- near
Pine: open »o U p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 GO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
uVjc ROLL and up; fine wall paper: samples
mailed; palr.tlng. tinting, papering. M. MER.
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Holstein bulrs and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
STOCK YARD, San Bruno road.
FOR rale — Plumbers' and carpenters' tools;
larjre erindir-s stone; floor trucks with tracks,
at 053 Howard st
A LLEWELLYN setter dog for Kale cheap;
Gladstone stock. Cigar store, 118% 4th st.
A LARGE Macneale & Urban Safe, on account
of settling an estate. Add. box. ■ 2538. . Call.
ELASTIC stockings, $2. Factory. 40 Ellis st
ROLLER canaries, S5; females, $1; most
healthy. At LOHMANN'S, 3KM Sixteenth.
FOR tale — Mineral cabinet; catalozue with
over '.H)0 specimens. Box 2104, Call office.
MEDICAL! Yale surgical chair, nearly new;
cheap; call 4 p. m. 012 Hyde at
FOR tale — Five cabinet oval showcases: three
:i feet one 5 feet and one c. feet" 2CG Eatt st
FOR sale — New casn register. 1700 Devisa-
. > dero st •
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st
DESKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. ,782 Mission: tel. Bush 467.
MILES of, pipe and fittings ; all sizes. , EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt
SLOT machines cheap; Chieagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1810
Market ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and 'second-hand. THE HER-
MANN S A FE CO. , 307 Ba 1 1 ery s t
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st'
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. .122 Market et .S
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st. ' ..:
ABK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.,.110.Mont»*y.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LARGE eecond-hand safe wanted. I BACIGA-
LUPI PENNY ARCADE. 840 Market- st
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
.clothing; ,send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market st; pbone Jessie 3741/ or postal.
TILTON "wants good second-band clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2851.
~- MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.'
A FINE SELECTION OF PIANO BARGAINS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chickering; walnut case; nearly new.
Stein way; about, a year old.
Knabe: walnut case; finest, largest size;
nearly new.
Stelnway; larcest size;, fine condition.
Sterling; mahoeany case; largest size.
Standard: oak case: irood as new.
Ilalnes Brothers. the genuine; mahogany
•" . cose: nearly new. -•-.-- -
Steck; larcest size.
medium size: mahogany case; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns; good condition.
Steck grand piano; good as new.
Steinway grand piano: in good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP.
SQUARE PIANOS,
■ Including euch makes as Weber, Stelnway,
Haines Kranlch & Bach and others, from
$10 up." BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
• • - Chlckerlng;. Agents,
Curtaz building. 16 O'Farrell st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
ONLY, piano house in the city that will rent
you a new piano fcr $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purehana
price- soje agents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5ti0 Hayei.
A CLEARANCE sale of upright pianos from
■ $50 up; greatest bargains ever offered in San
Francisco; all makes; rents $2 .up; install-
ments ?4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary St.; Oakland address. 1252 Broadway.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to pay 6torage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1C30 Market st
-CHEAP square and upright pianos; new *nd
second-hand organs;, very easy payments.
403 Market' st. second -floor.
ZITHER— Columbia or guitar zither instruc-
tion.* to play piano music; reas. 5(5114 Minna.
•BARGAIN — Small square piano; on account of
sickness. . 74 Shotwell st. ■
NEW pianos sold on $5 -monthly payments.
JOS. SCHM1TZ &. CO., 1G McAllister st
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$63 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister st
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal .Stelnway upright piano;
: perfect order: sacrifice.. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
. player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st
CHEAPEST and best in America — The. Weekly
•Call, 1C pages, sent to any address In the
' United States or Canada one rear for $1, '
postage paid.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent from March 1— Stores. 1059-1061
■ "arket st. Apply immediately, George
Davis, Central Theater, or SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO....
UNFURNISHED rooms and offWs to rent.
Apply 140 Geary st. opp. City of Paris.
OFFICES WAXTKD.
WANTED — To phare office or desk room where
agcefs may be*had evenings. Box 211-1. Call.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scnlp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute.- Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Oeteopathy;. vapor and- electric baths'; ' face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 40t> Geary.
CANCEROUS Iumw=, sores, impure blood <af-
, fe.cting akin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily
..cured by skilled specialist from Europe. Ap-
ply Central Pharmacy, 231 Grant ave. Worst
cured. .
M. ELLA HARRIS, the, *kln specialist, shows
the work that Is the Important- Hern to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 7S1 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morohine and all drug dls-
ease3 oosltlvely cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1373 Waller; congultatfon free; call or write.
HAIR -grown- gray restored; 'pimples, wrinkles,
all tlemlshei! removed: shampooing specialty.
MME. ROU.ME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
days cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Ca,
.. 0U7 Market st. room 203.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. .
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. "Saturday. Sun-
day evga.. Teutonla Hall, Howard St.. near
Oth; Prof. Fester; society dancing taught.
300 GOLDEN GATE avc.cor.— Laundry, barber
: shop, cigars, tobaccos. news r suits-" cleaned.
J. W. SPARROW. Jeweler, formerly of 107
■ Geary st. has moved to 218 Post st
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 309 Sui-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 4S.
Bon Marche Par.ts Co.; special $5 pants to 'or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm-44.
MASQUERADE- costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Travers. 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
■• hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The' Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. >
rAL^;;s'i'HY.
MME. DEVAS. ecientlflc palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $1; open Tuesday evg. also. 139 Post st
MME. NEERGAKD, located at 212 Post; hours
1 to & daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. "J15
Taylor st. near Geary. Phone Black 51SI.
>AFElllMXf: IXG. PAIXTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tlntins. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. .319 Third; tei.Matn 4lo.
. PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
.DR. C. C. O'OONNELL — o7flce^and~residence]
1021^4 Market st. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL 1C73H Market st. :
REMOVED— DR. WONQ HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason;- now lo-
cated at C07 Geary st..- near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Ll Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and. teas. 727 Washfngton st.
DR. M. MATKUDA has returned from Orient!
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH~"dIs"I
ease, cured hy .Chinese Tierhs 74ft-S Clay St.
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the
office of the Lighthouse Inspector, 404 Saffi
■ lieposit. building. San Francisco. .Cal., until
12 o'clock m.. March 4. 1904, and then open-
ed, for- furnishing .and 'delivering fuel and
provisions for vessels* ' and stations In the
Twelfth Lighthouse District during tho- fiscal
year - ending June 30. .1005, In accordance
with speclficatiops. copies of '. which, .with
blank proposals and other Information ■ may
be had upon : application . to Commander J
B. MILTON. U.S. N., Inspector.
LEGA L /ADVERTIhEMEXTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California,: Pro-
bate— In the matter of the estate of HARRT
A. L.: FLO YD.. GOPCEVIC. deceased No
. iO074, notice for publication of time appoint-
ed for probate of -.will.- C. C P., sec. 1303—
Notice- Is hereby given that MONDAY the
29th day of February., A., D. 1904. at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
. i of • Department No. .10 of said court, at the
City Hall, in the city- and county of
i> San Francisco. State of California, have beer
appointed as the time and place for pro vine-
the will of said -HARRY. A... L. FLOYD
GOPCEVIC. deceased, and- for hearing the
application of HENRY E. MATHEWS and
PETAR M. GOPCEVIC, for the Issuance to
them of letters testamentary thereon - .
_-<<Seal> j ' • JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
• By E- S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk.
Dated - February 1 5. ' A. • D. - 1904. - •
Indorsed: -Filed February 15 1804.
"-, • IJOHN J. GREIF. Clerk. •'
By E. S. HAWLEY, Depnty cierk
' -JOHN F. DAVIS and BISHOP, WHEELER
. I : Si HOEFLER, 'Attorneys for ; Petitioners,-'
RE^Alt^ESTATE-^^
200 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
' 200 BAY DISTRICT LOTS.
$150 CASH, $10 MONTHLY. .
$150 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
!■•■-■• ' ' ■ _____ . ■
'•Two -weeks ago we wor* instructed to sell 200
lots. Since that time we have sold over 100 lots
on Second. Third and Fourth aves., etc., be-
- tween A, B and C sts., at very low prices.
$li»O to $1250.
$1000 to ¥1250.
on above very easy payments. In so many
lots there Is always a big advantage in secur-
ing first choice.- See them at once. This prop-
erty is all level, streets are graded, sewered
and macadamized. Geary st. and McAllister st.
cars pass the property. No lots will be sold
for stores (jr. any objectionable Improvements.
This- is your'opportunlty to secure a residence
lot at very low prices. In. the next year or
two hundreds of thousands of dollars will b«
spent in buildings; .bound to improve the value
of all these lots. Don't sleep; wake up to
your opportunity; see the property, see us, buy
one or more lots and make some money.. Re-
member, the lotB are close to Golden v Gate
Park.
LYON & HOAG,
(Agents on Ground Sundays with Diagrams
and Prices.)
116 Montgomery st.
_____ (
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
43 EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
33:4x120. •
33:4x120. *
$1650 to $1850.
$1650 to $1850.
This Is the flret announcement of the subdi-
vision of a portion of the well known Jordan
Tract.
Go and see this block at once and secure
your choice. It U near the corner of First ave.
and California st and can be easily reached by
taking either, the Eddy-st. cars or the Sacra-
mento-st. cars and get off at First ave.
• Easy terms^ — one-fifth cash.
Easy terms — one-fifth cash. ■
Balance In 1, 2, 3 and 4 years — one-fifth each
year. ,
The block is exceptionally handsome and is
level. The streets are graded, macadamized
and sewered, and everything ready for the
builder. A new feature has been inaugurated
in the sale of this property In the enforcement
of the following restrictions, which are made
for the' protection cf all and whlqh, we have
no doubt, will ad^'much-to the value of the
land and be appreciated by all real home seek-
ers.
No lot will . be sold for any but residence
properties, including not more than two flats.
No stores, churches, etables. coal yards or
any objectionable buildings. The manner of
enforcing these restrictions will* be explained
fully at pur office.
The idea is to make It possible for you to buy
a lot and build a home without being ruined
or damaged by neighboring buildings. Thou-
sands of people in this city who have built de-
sirable homes have "had them ruined by three-
story flats, stores, coal yards, etc. Owing to
the restrictions a*nd the large lots, this block
will be built up into select restdence property
and will become very valuable.
It will pay you to buy a larse lot instead of
a 25-foot lot. as you can save the price of the
extra land In the cost of your building, and be-
sides this secure an abundance "of* light and
gun and build a more artistic home.
Our agent will be on the block Sunday with
diagram, or you may call at our office for
more -complete information. But take our ad-
vice and see the property at once.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st
NEW FLATS.
$S700^ — Rent $S70 per year; could be in-
creased; $5000 mortgage at 6 per cent can
remain in savings bank. See GEORGE
STIERLEN, owner and builder, at 1373
M&sontc ave.. bet. Waller and Frederick sts.
TO raise money quickly will sell 4 lots on
Nevada ave.; $150 each; 2 blocks of car line.
D. COFFIN, 3303 Mission st
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest prices fcr buildings and wHl wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yards.
GRAND PARK LOT.
Overlooking Golden Gate Park: on Frederick'
St. 80 feet east of Willits. A. N. DABOLD
& CO.. S72 Broadway. Oakland. . .
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at t! per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
FINEST marine view lot in city cheap fcr
cash. Box 20S.'5, Call office.
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. S30 Howard st
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, rent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
~~ wTT.""wHTfE."~""
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$."0.000 — Klamat'.i Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 3000 acres; cut
about ."500 tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; good 8-room residence; farming imple-
ments; 10 horses; 3 good barns, etc
$10,000 — In Sonoma Co.: S0O acres well fenced,
in 3 fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy house;
well watered; 200 acres tillable; all level; 24
acres S-year-old orchard; .'ID head cattle; 20
hogs; farming Implements, etc. ; $5000 mort-
gage: trade for bay property.
$27,000— In Placer Co., on R. R.— 1CS0 acre*,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; CO head cattle; 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$S5C0^ — Sold by order of Superior Court. 10S0
acres, near Point Arena. 200 acres, fine potato
land; apple orchard; 500 acres more could be
planted; 300 acres heavy timber; well Im-
proved and fenced: fine dairy or stock ranch.
$DC0O— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 eets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$3.">0O— Only 2 miles of town. 155 acres; 10
acres old vineyard; family orchard; 60 acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; large new
barn; will, build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
line milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plements; only $100v down. j|
$2200 — 1C0 acres near boat and cars/ Sonoma
Co.; good 6-room house; vineyard.' orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry. $200;
job can be had with the place.
S3C0O — One mile P. O.. schools and- stores:
255 acres; . 40 level; 10 could be Irrigated;
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
crcss-fencei; 150 hen?: new buggy, wagon,
farming tools; 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped to buildings; furniture.
' $4500 — Two and half smiles .live town and
R. It.: 400 acres; 40 In grain on creek, about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.: fine place for resort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$.'000 — 3 milts of Santa Cruz, 47 acres; 18
under cultivation, balance .fine pasture; 300
. arsortcd fruit trees; 15 K) grapes; windmill and
tank; water pipsd to buildings and yards:
Fplendid 8-room hard finished house, good
stable and- poultry houses; span good horses; 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and harness; hay; farming tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
$2600—160 acres; 8 miles of Napa City. 2
miles P. O.; 30 acres under cultivation; 15
aei-f.i full bearing fruit: 15 acres fine grain;
65 acres more could be cultivated; . balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses,
incubator, brooders. 2 wagons. 2 Carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tools.
$3000 — ICO ccrep, at station, and near Santa
Cruz. :I5 acres clear; orchard; 10-room house;
outbuildings-; mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$3500— Near San Jose, 14 acres bearing: fruit,
mostly prunes; facilities -for irrigation: butld-
ingp. ' t
$;;250 "C. acres sandy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluma;. house. 5 rooms acd bath:
part cash."" . .
$75f» — Gold mine, .with shaft and fine body
of .ore In sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot " .
$1200—20 acres, near Sebastopol. Sonoma
Co.; ti .acres clear; 4 acres bearing apples;
running stream: buildings; rich sandy loam;
easy terms.
■ $2250 — Best equipped . poultry farm In the
State- 12 acres rich valley land. 2 miles of
Callstogp.; furniture, 'poultry, stock, wagons,
tcols; all go. .„
$1900 — Near Sebastopol: 16 acres; orchard,
berries ; pasture ; . fenced ; 3 or 4 fields ; easy
$1800—240 acres, 6 miles of Soledad. C acres
bearing orchard, .10 acres bearing grapes, 40
acres bottom land: house, bam. packing-house,
tools; water piped to buildings and pasture;
equity ■ $S0O; to exchange. .
SO acres; 10 creek bottom: .fruit grapes,
berries, buildings; one mile town: tools: $G0O.
Send stamp for printed list.
W *"J -WHITE. 26 Montgomery st. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
5227 A Merced River.* Merced Co.. CaL : ap-
praised by court at $71,000: assessed by
"County Assessor at $40,000: offered for $50.-
000- Vt. year's time, tt per cent; 900 A, level
grain, fruit and alfalfa land; 4327 A. roll-
ing— grazing and grain-, land; Merced River
, passes through land; 900 A; can be irrigated—
wat*r free — no royalties: improvements good;
' school 1 mile: church and town 3 miles; on
direct road to Yosemtte; must be sold to close j
ertate: a bargain; the profits from these lands j
made . the former ' cwner.' JOHN L. IVELL,
. who was murdered In ISftO, rich; fine rains;
. everything green and growing now. .Address
J. W. KNOX, i attomey r at-law. Merced. Cal.
$10 A MONTH.buys a*10-acr« farm. . . .
. $200 profit per annum per acre. • .
;: Write for booklet. • It' s free. ~ 603 J st.
WRIGHT _ KIMBROUGH, Sacramento,' Cal.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Cruz County. Cal.; price
$5C0O; also other lands for sale. For particu-
lars adres9 Postmaster. Moss. CaL - ./ ~
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent Tree. C, M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market at.
SUBURBAN. REAL ESTATE. '
$1 DOWN and $1 a week buys lot on North
Shore Electric R. R. ; hydrant water and
electric lights on streets; residents princi-
pally S. F. hufln»gs people. Box 2635. Call.
WATER front lots and bargains: ' all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
Modesto Property Owners, Attention!
The undersigned has the following attractive
residence situate In West Oakland; a splendid
opportunity:
12 rooms, barn, large lot. pretty garden. Iron
fence, etc., all in good ■ condition; attractive
rooming-house proposition or for flats: $3 per
month to S. F.: exchange for ranch near Mo-
desto. Cal. WISEMAN. HOLCOMB & YOUNG,
sole agents, 314 San Pablo ave., Oakland, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
AUM^A RRA1.^VTE.
FOR sale — New cottage of 5 rooms; Fair Oaks
ave., 100 east of Caroline st J. H. YOUNG.
builder. 1243 Park St.. Atomeda.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 5-roora cottage, bath, pantry. \ mantel,
hot and cold water, large closets; large lot;
price $1650; terms. $150 cash, balance same
as rent; convenient to 3 car lines and both
ferries. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin station;
open Sundays.
SNAP — New 8-rocm house, bath, pantry, man-
tel, city water; 3 blocks to station and elec-
tric cars; corner lot; price {2500; terms, $.250
cash, balance $20 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin station; open Sundays.
"BEAUTIFUL Berkeley": finest location for
trains. Schools, etc.: all street . work done;
best of water; 5 lines of cars to S. F., Oak-
land and Berkeley; must sell at once. Ad-
dress box 20S9, Call office.
A. MURDOCK & CO., South Berkeley station.
for bargains; we build, buy, sell or exchange.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BUY your home or build; we advance money
to buy lot also; you pay back easy Install-
ments; representatives wanted: good pay:
write any time or call afternoons. 13C7
Tenth ave.. Oakland.
'A 'DESIRABLE place fo» a home at your own
terms. See the owrer, P. J. KELLER, of
' Rose ave. 37th and 30th sts.. Piedmont ave.;
office 464 Ninth st., Oakland.
A FINE 4- room cottage at Piedmont: high
basement, bath, etc.; price only $1400. P.
C. LASSEN & CO.. 460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
HOUSE — Superb location; new, modern: cheap;
partly furnlEhed; for sale or rent 410 Wals-
worth ave. ■ - •'- '.-
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent; $25; large store; 5 nice Ilvlnar rooms
upstairs; good locality for dining-room or
market at Adeline station. VICTOR &
CLARK. S)C8 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
' ture. H. ScTiellhaaa.llth st.cor.store.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELVEDERE, 141 — 3 or 4 sunny furnished
rooms; bath; g*arden; Panhandle district.
CALIFORNIA, 1502— Three nicely furnished
front rooms; reasonable.
DE NORMANDY, C05 Post — Nicely furn. rms..
$2 week up; also fcskpg. 51 to ST i week.
ELLIS. €11— 2 nicely furnished connecting
room's; ges ranee, bath and phone.
FOLSOM. 794^ — Sunny double and housekeep-
■ Ing rooms".
FOLSOM. 770^4 — 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms; I easonable.
FOURTH. -225— Furnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping, or single rooms.
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water: gas; reasonable. . . ■-, .;
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 439 — Furnished room for
housekeeping; gas and water.
-
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny bay-window
suite 2 rooms; also large single, room; gas
range, bath and laundry.
JESSIE, 333 — Lanre sunny front room; fur-
nished housekeeping: range: $12; closet
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rate $30 up.
MODEL HOUSE. 12C6 Stockton st— Newly
furnished front housekeeping rooms; $5 to
$12; pa*, bath. '
OAK, 125>4 — Three large furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; on lower floor; yard; $15.
OCTAVIA. 1250 (corner O'FaVreH)— Elegantly
furnished hkDr. suite; gas any coal range.
O'FARRELL. 127»— 2 or 3 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms. $20 to $30; all modern.
PEARL. 3, corner Market — 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms, $17; 2 fur. rooms. $11; phone.
SPRUCE. 101 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping: use of bath, etc.: fine nelgh-
hood: $15; call after 2 p. m.
SUTTER, 1022H, near Hyde — Two large, sun-
ny parlors and kitchen; gas grate, etc./
TAYLOR. 911 — Sunny single housekeeping
room: zx* rar.ge; $8 50. .
TO rent — A flat of 4 rooms and bath; coal and
gas stove; complete for housekeeping; rent
• $22 5O per month. 3747 Sacramento st
VAN NESS ave., ~W — Two sunny front" rooms
complete for housekeeping: $25.
.VAN NESS. 1008— Large sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges If desired;
good beard in Immediate vicinity.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office 220O Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
* ubt criptions ; has been established at 109tf
. Valencia st. . ■
APARTMENTJHOUSES. '
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine st.
. east of Van Ne«s ave. : 6 and - 8 rooms each.
j with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elei-
- trie lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost: will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
' now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will man-g*
the building, now approaching completion;
open for Inspection. HOOKER * LENT. 14
Post st. - _^
UP TO DATE — Two elegant unobstructed ma-
rine-view apartments; separate entrances;
gas and electric light: furnaces; 7-11 rooms.
3C37-3630 Washington st. near Locust; apply
10-12, 2-4. ■
THE LUNGER, 443 Octavla. cor. Hayes— Just
■ completed; sunny: modern 3-nn. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric, lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.: also doctors' offices.
•ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
- acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
. apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec,
lights, elevator, cat ranges; $30 to $53.
St Andre. 1230 Pine — New management: superb
aptmts:strictly flrat-claas: steam he— t:electrta
lights :prlv. ;phone;elev. ;1 to 5 rms.. with priv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR. prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st— Modern 3^4-3
- rooms* also single ;' furnished or unfurnished;
. marine view ; now open ; references. /
IROQUOIS Apartments. C10 Elite, nr. Leaven-
worth; 2, 3. and 4 rms.: open for inspection.
. HADDOX HALL.
851. EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
1 . — . . .A?.A^??!!^?y??'JJi iff A??rcs3>« C ..
WANTED — A furnished apartment , of 4
rooms. Box 2512, Call office,
ROOM5TOLET— Pnrn. and Cntnri.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom «ts.— • New
house, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny: prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this Vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A 1- -BRUNSWICK House. 14* Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 p<?r night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping roons; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S.M Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st>— Rooms. 25c. SOc, $1. $1 50 nifht:
$1 30 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURN ETT. 142t> Market (old No. 13*4)— Fur- •
nlshfd rooms, suite. sLigle; also, unfurnished.
CUMMINGS «The), «1S Post nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located; sunny.slngle room*
and mites, *uh, private baths, hot and cold
wate;. steam heat, electric lights,' phton*
every room; elevator: breakfast If desired.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; price* reasonable. '
DIAMOND. «l&— 2 furnished rooms. $10.
DIAMOND. Sl>— 2 unfurnished room3. $9.
EDINBURGH. THE. 203 Powell, cor. Geary-
Sunny suites and offices; also single rooms.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnish.ed suite; also single
rooms; bath and phone.
ELLI3. 6S5 — Large sunny room; nicely fur-
nished; suitable for two: $19.
ELLIS, 837 — Nicely furnished room; private
family.
.FERN HALL. 812 Bush«— Elegantly furn. rom»;
all sunny; terms reasonable: references.
FOLSOM. KM — Sunny furnished room, closet
and bath; $1; $1 25 a week.
FOR single centleman. in private home (no
other roomers), a large sunny furnished
room, with bath adjoining: 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address Box 2G24. Call office.
FREDERICK. 557— Well furnished rooms;
Golden Gate Park view and invigorating air;
• reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Room) 330
to $1 25 nlsnt: $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-ruom.
HARRISON, 784 Vt, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms, bath; homelike; $1
week uo.
HOTEL ST. PAUL. 4R3 Ellis St.— New house
and new furniture: steam heat; hot water:
free baths; house open and elevator rervic*
all nieht: transient M. E. GRANT, forraer-
ly at the Vendome. 1104 Market at
JESSIE. 3«I— Furnished front room; $7 per
month.
MISSION. S37 A— Furnished rooms by th« day.
week or month; prlcea reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 776. near Larkin— Furnished and
unfurnished sunny rooms; housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 1424— Bright unfurnished room
for lady.
ROYAL House, 12S Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
1<t: rooms per- night. .'55c to $1 50; week, $2
to $9; month. $8 to $-10: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and La gun a — A sunny
furnished single rcom: rent $7.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45 — Nicely furnished
sunny suites; also single rooms; $2 to $3 wk.
SUTTEU. 1120 — Four sunny rooms, lower por-
tion, of residence; suitable for ladles' tailor,
milliner, doctor or dentist's offices.
UNITED STATES. 122 Eddy, near Market — 100
roorr.s. .15c to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas>. running water In every
room; elevator. read. -room: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 2d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms;
"5c to $1 50 Blsht; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In
every rccm; 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a
week: open all night; convenient to alt cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & ChurcjLSts.
A BRANCH office or The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1CCS Market at. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
noo>i> A!V i^J!i5l A **£:
' * rHQTEL^HATraON ~ t "d
977 Pine, near Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
~~ HOTEL BALTIMORE. ~ "
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
EARLCOURT. ~—
1011 PINE ST.— A BEAUTIFUL SMALL
HOTEL: JUST OPENING: 'EVERYTHING
NEW AND ELEGANT. APPLY AT ONCE.
HOWARD. 841 A— First -class board, with room,
single or double. $4 SO and $5 week; American
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
GOOD board and room, private family, for
working girl; $12 50 month. Sl'JVi Haight
st. (rear).
EDDY, 824 — Nicely furnished, warm, sunny
rooms; $S and $10; breakfast and dinner If
desired.
THE AUDUBON, cor. Hyde and California—
Pleasant rooms now vacant; suite or single;
excellent board.
O'FARRELL. 1420— Large sunny room for two
with first-class board; bath: Dhone.
HANDSOME parlors with board; also sing!*
rooms cr housekeeping. ?26 Guerrero st
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service: table specialty.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
." subscriptions has been established at lOOtS
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — Nicely furnished suite of rooms;
modem and with all conveniences; stata
price. . Box 2532, Call office.
"WANTED — Room and board for man and
wife; must be first-class: state rates. Box
2571. Call office.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
$50 REWARD for the body of Philip Stmon-
ettl. fisherman, drowned near Sausallto.
ONETO BROS. 410 Bay st. city.
SEWING MACIIIXESAXD ■SCPPIJICa
WE have several slightly shopworn sewing ma-
chines we shall cloee at half price or less at
once. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post
WE want three live canvassers at once. Ap-
ply at 300 Post st. from S to 9 a, m.,
White Sewing Machine Co.
DOMESTIC — Tb») machine for family use;
best la cheap_irt: second-hand all makes at
any price: tm kinds rented lowest ratea.
Domestic office. 1C21 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $8; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewins Machine Co.. 1051 Market st
WHITE. IS\ W. and W.. $5: Domestic. $10;
New Home. $10. 2M5 Mission at.
STUTXCRIXQ AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cur*
In every ease; Individual teaching; no medi-
elae. Inquire Into wonderful curts; hom» cur*
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A^EMPORIUM "s^oraxTlT~VaT^orr^u7nTture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard at. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; teL Prlv. Ex. STL
£ONKLIN*S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dite. 332 Golden Gate ave.: phone East IM.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made: S10
Mlaalon st; tel. Howard 84L F. W. Zehrnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture- Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
at; Uh Main 1340. Shipping at cat rate*.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE^ — To let 4 stalls. 2S5* Twenty-tMrd
■ st.', ! near Bryant.
_ TTOKF. ;
SEE J. S. C. 114 ELLIS ST..
And Join his concentrated class; 17 actual
winners In the last 15 daya.
-^"P^S^PJ^ 11^*^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other rypeawriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st
A FEW good typewriters at $2.0 each: g«t pap.
tlculars of L. 4 M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery «t '
2D-HAND typewriters aold. rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inopec. Co.. B08 Market
Cantta ued on Page Twota,
1112
DIVIDEXD yOTICBg.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ins Society. 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 706 Market »t.. opposite Third—
For the half year ending Slet of December.
19C3. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum cf (12) twelve per cent on
. capital stock and participating certificate*,
fre* of taxes, payable on and after SATLR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
ErCKLET— la this city. February 18. 1904.
to the wife of Arthur P. Buckley, a
daughter.
MAKllIED.
EliuGGBR— BRUNNENKANT— In this city.
February 20. 1W4. by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Rudolph UrupRer and Louisa. Brunncnkant,
both of this city. /
died]
Anderson. Carl Northcut. John S.
Bodeman. Jane O'Leary. Lucy
Can-ere Catherine O'Loghlen. Andrew
•Collins Thomas Phillips. Susie P.
Corrigan. Patrick Qualters. Nellio
De Witt Dr. Thos Randall. Rev. S. B. ,
Draper Mary Anna Roseniwelg. Hannah
Ktblns'hausen. E. L. Schuster. Joseph 8.
Hendrlcks, Arthur Seipel, Conrad
Hettinger Margaret Stoffers. Heinrich
Kimb'.e, Anna B. Thiel, Christine
Kramer Louis . Troy. John J. ,
Lainer Charles Wanner. Minnie L.
Marshall Mary Walsh. Catherine.
• McCarthy. Cyril B. Welch. Catherine
Munk. Chrinof
ANDERSON— In this city. February 20. 1904,
Carl, beloved husband of Marie Anderson.
and father of Louisa Anderson, a native of
Denmark aged 49 years ti months and 12
days.
CyFrif-nds and acquaintance* and mem-
bers of Montezuma Tribe No. 77. U. O. R.
- M., are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Monday), at 1:15 o'clock,
from the Masonic Temple, corner Post and
Montpomcry streets, under the auspices of
' Pacific Lodfre No. 13«>, F. and A. M. In-
termer.t Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
ric^e.
BOIJEMAN— In this city, February 21. 1904.
Jane, beloved wife of Henry W. Bodeman,
and mother of Maria. Ellen. John and Henry
liodeman, a native of County Donegal, Ire-
land, aced 40 years.
CARRKRE— In this city. February 21. 1904.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of John B.
Camrt, and lovinif mother of John B. Car-
rere Jr., and loving daughter of Bridget and
the late Patrick Riordan. and aunt of Wil-
liam Rlordan. a native of San Francisco,
Li.- ■: S3 years 5 months and 10 days.
COLLINS— In this city. February IS. 1904,
Thomas Collins, a native of Ireland, aged
SO years.
C7"Mass«w:il be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 7 o'clock a. m. at the Chapel
of the Passion attached to St. Mary's Hos-
pital. First and Bryant streets, Monday,
February 22. Funeral will take place at 9
o'clock. Remains at the parlors of McAvoy
& Co., 1239 Market street, near Ninth.
CORRIGAN— In this city. February 20. 1904,
Patrick Corrigan. beloved uncle of Mrs. Liz-
zie Burns and Mrs. Mary Sweeney, a native
of County Tyrone. Ireland, aped 64 years.
C7Notice of fur.cral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
t>E WITT— In this city. February 20, 1304.
Dr. Thomas Byron, beloved husband of
Sarah and father of Hugh Byron de Witt,
a native of Missouri, ased 55 years.
E7"The funeral will take place at Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
Mondcy. February 22, at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment private
OLIVE Branch' Chapter No. ie9. O. E. S. —
Officers and members are notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother. Past Patron
T. Byron De Witt, from Masonic Temple,
this Mor.day at 2:30 o'clock By order of
the Worthy Matron.
SADIE J. KAHN. Secretary.
.DRAPER — In this city. February 21. 1904,
Mary Anna, btlo-ed wife of the late Oliver
Draper, a native of Iowa, aged 44 years 6
months and 23 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
February 23. at 4 o'clock, from
the Sunshine Workers' Home and Hall. 92S
Harrison street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment Whittier. Los Angeles County,
Cal. Remains at the chapel of Charles H.
J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission street, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
EBBINGHAUSEN— February 19, 1904. Ed-
ward L. E. Ebbinehausen, beloved son of
the lete Henry Kbbin^hausen. and dearly
beloved brother of Henri'. Alvln, Laura and
William Ebbinghausen, Mrs. J. A. Spamer
and Mrs. EL F. Hcrstmann, a native of
San Francisco, aged 32 years.
CTFuneral strictly private. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HENDRICKS— Passed into epirlt life. In this
city. February 20. l»04, Arthur Llewellyn
Hendrlcks. dearly beloved son of Emma
Hendricke, and brother of the late Raymond
Hcndrtcks. a native of Denver, aged 22
years and 9 months.
. IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the fumral to-morrow
(Tuesday), February 23, at 10 o'clock, from
his late residence. 1436 Pine street, between
Larkln and Polk. Interment at Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
HHTTINGER— In thlF city. February 21. 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Charles
Hettinger, devoted mother of Mrs. Mary
Buhlert and Fred. Henry. Dora and Charles
Htttlngrr, and sister of Henry, Peter and
O*rr.us Gardemeyer. Mrs. Sophie Baago and
llr«. Laura Kelson, a native of Hamburg.
Germany, aged 5S years 4 months and 2
days.
C^TYiends and acquaintances are respect-
felly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). February 2-'5. at 1 o'clock, from
her late residence. 2043 Fifteenth avenue.
South San Francisco. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
KIMBLE— February 20. 1!K>4. Anna Barbara
Kimble. beloved wife of Charles W. Kimble,
a native of Carthage. Ohio, aged 43 years
10 months and 20 days. (Cincinnati and
Hamilton. Ohio, papers please copy.)
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, February 24. at 1 :30 o'clock,
at Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
corner Sixteenth and Market streets. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from corner Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Remains at the chapel of
- Charles H. J. Truman &. Co.. 1909 Mission
«*reet. between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
KitAMER— In this city, February 21. 1904,
]*■}.< Kramtr. beloved husband of Sophia
Kramer (nee Yehl), father of Maurice S.
Kramer, and uncle of I. L. Salomon. Mra.
L. Sanders and Morris and Charles L.
Wcheuer of San Bernardino, a native of
Niederweiscl. Germany, aged 59 years and
1 month.
LAINER— In Fruitvale. Cal., February 19.
11*U4, Charles, beloved husband of Minnie
• Lainer. father of Hilda, Hubert, Carl and
Wilhelmlne Lainer, and brother of Richard
Lafner. «. native of Helllgenstadt,- Austria,
aged 47 years 11 months and 20 days.
C7"Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend th* funeral to-day
« Monday), at 1 o'clock, {rora the Alcazar
building, where funeral services will be held
under the auspices of Germania Lodge No.
1718. K. of H. Please ..omit flower*. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MARSHALL — In this city. February 21 1904,
Mary, beloved wife of George D. Marshall.
mother of .Willie J. Marshall.— and beloved
Ulster of Nora E. Guiliaume. ■ a native of
San Francisco .
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday). • at 8 ■..'SO o'clock, from her late
r«-«idenc*>. lt<21 Dolores street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
♦ will be' celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o clock. . Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery-
MCCARTHY — In this city. February 21. 1901,
et the residence of the parents, CCS Noe
street, Cyril B.. loving eon of Henry and
.Catherine McCarthy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 1 menth and 18 days.
C7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday). February 22. at 11 o'clock. In-
terment etrictly private. Holy Cross Cem r
etery.
MUNK — In this city, February 19, 1904,
ChriFtof, dearly beloved husband of Katie
Munk. and father of Millie Munk, a native
of Germany, aged 41 years 1 month and 8
day*. A member of the Verein Elntracht
and of Brewery Workmen's UaJoo.
- CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), st 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 705 Hampshire street, between Nine-
teenth arid Twentieth. Interment Mount
Oljvet Cemetery. . .
NORTHCUT— In Oakland. Cal.. February 21.
l'.»O4, at 607 Sixth etreet. John Simmons
Northcut, beloved father of Wallace and
Fearn Northcut. a native of Illinois, aged 52
years 3 months and 9 days. A member 'of
Oakland Aerie, Order of Eagles. No. 7.
O'LEARY— In this city. February"' 20. 1904,
Lucy. bclo\-ed wife of John . O'Leary, and
mother of Peter and George O'Leary and
Mrs. nelasco. a native of the parish of
Mulloch. County Clare, Ireland.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), st 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7G7 Mission street,
Jtrr.te McGinn. Henry Hanaen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
• Formerly With McGinn Bros..
——Funeral Directors and Embalraers— •
214 Eddy tt. : Tel. South S76. •
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10:30 o'clock. Jnterment Holy Cross Cem-
etery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
O'LOGHLEX— In this city, February 20. 1004.
Andrew J., beloved husband of Marjr
O'Lophlen. and father of Mrs. G. F. Gray
and Marcela O'Loghlen. aged 73 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday). February 22. at 8:30 o'clock, from
the residence of his daughter. 1520 Masonic
avenue, thence to St. Agnes Church, Page
street, near Masonic avenue, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
PHILLIPS— In this city. February 21. 1904,
Husle P. beloved daughter of Walter and
Mamie Phillips, and sister of Anita. Mary
and Walter Phillips Jr., a native of Berke-
ley. Cal.. aged 2 years 7 months and : 23
days.
QUALTERS— In this city, February 21, 1904,
Nellie, dearly beloved wife of John Qualters,
mother of Nellie, May, John and Willie
Qualters, and beloved sister of John, Henry,
Patrick and Joseph Hession and Mrs. W. F.
Mapner and Mrs. J. Hart, a native of Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
RANDALL — At California College, In East
Oakland, Cal., February 20, 1904. Rev. Sam-
uel Bond Randall, beloved husband of Lottie
A. Randall, and father of Mlllard B. Ran-
dall, a native of New York, aged 43 years
11 months and 25 days.
ROSENZWEIG— In this city, February 19, 1004.
Hannah Rosenzweig, beloved wife of Isidore
Rosenzweig, and sister of Henry and Milton
Goldsmith, a native of San Francisco, aged
35 years S months and 17 days. (New York
and Philadelphia, Pa., papers please copy.)
in7Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1050 Ellis Et. Interment private. In
Home of Peace Cemetery.
SCHUSTER— In this city. February 21. 1904.
Joseph S. Schuster, dearly beloved father of
Clement J Schuster and Mrs. Charles Ehn.
a native cf Bavaria aged 74 years 1 month
and 3 days. A member of Harmony . Lodge
No. 13 I O.O F., and Eureka Grove No.
4. U. A O. D.
E7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday). Feb-
ruary 23. at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where funeral services will be- held under
the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I.
O. O. F. PleaEe omit flowers. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
EEIPEL— In this city. February 21. 1904,
Conrad, dearly beloved husband of Kather-
lne Sel'pel and devoted father of Mrs. Gus
Hahn and' Annie. Charles, Louise. Mary and
Katie Seipel a native of Munster, Hessen-
Darmstadt. Germany, aged C9 years 4
months and 10 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th# funeral Wednes-
day. February 24, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence 507 Laguna street, between Hayes
and Fell.' Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
STOFFERS— In this city. February 21. 1904,
Heinrlch beloved husband of Anna Stoffers.
and father of C. W.. W. M. and Miss L.
Stoffer*. a native of Germany, aged 6S years
and £<i days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Tuesday February 23, at 1 o'clock, from the
residence of his son. IIS Fair Oaks street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
, Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riage.
THIEL— In Llvermore. February 21. 1904.
Christine Thiel. beloved wife of D. Thiel.
mother of Heinle. Oskar. Willie, Gustav.
Annie and Christine Thiel, and sister of
Henry, Gustave and William Moeller, Marie
Stotz and Dora Bruhn. a native of Germany,
aged 42 years 2 months and 21 days.
TROY — February 20, 1904, John J., beloved
eon of Margaret and the late Michael Troy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 8
months and 24 days.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February 23. at 9 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street, thence to S^. Francis Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WAGNER — In this city. February 21, 1904.
Minnie Lorena. beloved wife of C. A. Wag-
ner, and mother of Mrs. Trena D. Kelly and
Vera Rose and lima Maud Wagner, a na-
tive of Sacramento, aged 42 years 11 months
and 16 days. (Sacramento papers please
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, February 23. at 2 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment private.
WALSH— In Alaroeda. February 20. 1904.
Catherine Walsh, wife of Thomas Walsh,
and sister of Mrs. O. McGrath. Mrs. J. Mc-
Grath and the late Mrs. J. Condon, a native
of County Waterford. Ireland.
Cy Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
jjcBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WELCH— In this city, February 21. 1904.
Catherine Welch, a native of Ireland, aged
40 years.
TO the officers and members of Youn«r Men's
Institute: The annual requiem mass for the
deceased members of the Young Men's In-
stitute will be celebrated at St. Mary's
Cathedral oti Monday. February 22. at 10
a. m. Friends are respectfully Invited to
attend. Board of management.
J. A. DUNLEAVY. ' President
A. J. SULLIVAN. Secretary.
IGXATIAN Council — Relatives and friends of
the living and deceaFed members of Ig-
natian Council No. 35, Y. M. I., are Invjted
to attend the annual solemn hlph mass of
requle/n to be celebrated In Holy Cross
Church. 1818 Eddy street, on Monday morn-
Ing. February 22, at 10 o'clock, for the re-
poee of the souls of all deceased members of
the Young Men's Institute.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 21—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 1.28 34.56 40.80
Red Bluff 1.49 18.19 17. «1
Sacramento 0.46 0.50 11.24
San Francisco 0.14 11.41 11. 4S
Fresno 0.01 '2.48 5.72
Independence 0.00 K26 1.81
San Luis Obispo 0.00 3.42 11.85
Los Angeles 0.00 2.5O S.5H
San Diego 0.00 1.73 9.05
THE COAST RECORD.
"~ ~~ Q 2 g O ™ *3
0 «i »i "*2 •£■ n
I |f 23 22 a
station. ; p |3 ■ T |
- *^ *- \ . o
1 C C , • 3
• a » '. • '.
• * * '. '
Farallon 30. 09 54 49 S Rain 0.09
Baker 29. 84 38 28 SW Rain 0.28
Carson 29.5(2 5S 32 SW Cloudy Tr.
Eureka 2S>.»4 M 38 S Rain 1.28
Fresno 30.12 68 62 NW Cloudy Tr.
Flagstaff 29.90 58 30 NW Pt.CldyO.OO
Pocatello 28
Point Reyes... 30.04 f>3 4C S Rain 0.46
Independence .29. 06 GO 34 E Cloudy 0.00
Lou Angeles.. 30. 02 «S 4tj SW Cloudy 0.00
Mt Tamalpais.30.13 f.2 :iS SE Rain 0.20
North Head. ..2!t.5»j 50 30 S Rain 0.74
Phoenix 29. 9U 74 42 W Pt.CIdyO.oO
Portland 29.5-S 5» 38 SW Cloudy 0.57
Hed Bluff 30.04 54 46 W Rain 1.50
Itoaeburg 29.78 58 38 SW Rain 0.C0
Sacramento ..30.08 CO 48 SE Cloudy 0.4<j
Salt Lake 30.00 4(1 28 S Cloudy 0.04
San Franclsco.30.14 CO 4tt SE Cloudy 0.14
San L. Oblspo.30.12 CS 50 W Clear 0.00
San Diego SO. 00 04 48 NW Cloudy 0.00
Seattle 29.44 64 36 8 . Pt.CIdyO.52
Fpokane 1E».«X) 34 30 E Rain 0.34
Tatoosh 29.30 50 3l» S Cloudy 0.04
Walla Wai la.. 29. 58 40 36 NW Cloudy O.14
Wlnnemucca .H).O4 48 32 SW Rain 0.44
Turn 29.94 82 44 S Clear 0.00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of marked energy Is central • over
British Columbia and has caused rain from
Fresno northward and high winds over Nevada
and Washington. . Heavy rains have fallen In
the upper Sacramento Valley and the river is
rising rapidly at Red Bluff and Tehama.
The pressure . has risen slightly over the
southern portion of the Pacific slope and fallen
over the northern.
The temperature has risen In all districts.
The following high winds are reported:
Tatoosh Irland. 52 miles per hour, from the
south; North Head. 48 miles, from the south;
Seattle, 32 miles', from the south: Carson City,
30 miles, from the southwest; Wlnnemucca, 26
miles, from the southwest, and Mount Tamal
pais, 43 miles, from the southwest.
Stcrm warnings are displayed from San FraB
clsco northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, February 22:
Northern California-— Cloudy, with rain, Mon
day; brisk southerly wind.
Southern " California — Cloudy Monday; light
scuthwest wind.
Nevada — Rain or snow Monday. ,
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy," with
rain Monuay; fresh wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
Here is an original literary news item
from the Washington Post:
"It is reported that- the editor of the
Hagerstown Mail is going to print his
year's editorials and paragraphs in
book form. Readers of the Post will
find very little new in the volume."
It is such gentle amenities as this
that makes journalistic life so pleasant
along the slngglsh Potomac. — Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY '22, 1904.
BRINGS GREAT
CARGO TO PORT
Bi|? Steamship Algoa Arrives
From Orient Laden With Val
uable Burden of Merchandise
ENCOUNTERS HEAVY -STORM!
North Bend Runs Into Furious
Gale and Has Struggle to
Save Deckload of% Lumber
The bigr freighter, Algoa, arrived In
port late Saturday night and came
alongside the Pacific Mail steamship
dock yesterday afternoon.
She brings one of the largest and
most valuable cargoes that has come
into this port. It is of 14,179 tons dead
weight, and 18,000 tons measurement.
Included in her cargo were 116,000 mats
of rice, 38,406 rolls of matting, 2944
bamboo poles intended for the St. Louis
Exposition, 1800 bales of hemp, 1143
bales of gambler, 16,660 bales of gun
nies and 17,063 packages of miscel
laneous merchandise. She was 45 days
6 hours from Manila, 35 days 18 hours
from Hongkong and 22 days 13 hours
from Yokohama,
Captain Lockett reports that the ves
sel encountered several storms on the
passage, and for six days' she was
tossed about by heavy southeast gales,
which shook her up considerably. •
T. Ij. Murphy, who was formerly .a
freight clerk on the steamship Nippon
Maru, was a passenger. He states that
on the steamship Hongkong Maru, now
lying in Japanese waters, a nine-inch
gun has been installed. The other ves
sels belonging to the same company are
to be fitted out in the same way. The
Nippon Maru, Hongkong Maru and
America Maru plied between this port
and Japanese piorts until the war storm
commenced to gather in the East, when
they were withdrawn from the service,
having previously been subsidized by
the Japanese Government.
Encounters Bi© Storm.
The steam schooner North Bend had a rough
experience on her way down from. Coos Bay.
She was eleven days In making the trip. On
February 11 she ran Into a heavy southeast
gale, accompanied by high seas. The waves
rolled mountains high and thundered down on
the vessel's stern. Cross eeas* swept over her
and flooded cabins, galley and forecastle. The
captain was obliged to keep the vessel before
the sea in order to save the deckload of lum
ber, and even then It took fine seamanship to
keep the load intact.
The Overdue List.
The following vessels are quoted for rein
surance: Theodor, 157 days from Montevideo
to San Francisco, 30 per cent; W. F. Babcock,
135 days from Baltimore to San Francisco, 20
per cent; Robert RIckmers, 139 days from
Rangoon to Bremen. 15 per cent; General Mel
llnet, 143 days from New Caledonia to' Clyde,
10 per cent.
Steamship Texan Sails.
The steamship Texan sailed yesterday for
Puget Sound with- a miscellaneous cargo.
From the sound she goes to Honolulu, where
she will load with sugar for New York.
Anubis Due From Hamburg.
The Kosmos steamship Anubis is due to ar
rive to-day from Hamburg, via Guatemala,
from which port she sailed on February 9.
Overdue Bark Arrives.
The French bark La Bruyere, Captain L«
Jonza, arrived at Astoria yesterday, 36 days
from Port Los Angeles. She had been on the
reinsurance list at 15 per cent.
Due From Hongkong.
The China Commercial Company's steamship
Claverlng Is due to-day from Hongkong, via
Salina Cruz. She sailed from the last, named
port en February 14.
Nero Arrives.
The United States cclller Nero, Captain
Shurtllff, arrived In port yesterday, IS days
fiom Panama.
Sierra Due To-Daj\
The Oceanic Steamship Company!s steamship
Sierra Is expected to-day from Sydney,' via
Auckland and Honolulu.
Shipping" Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Sunday, February 21.
Stmr, Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bow
ens Landinr.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, 03 hours from Vic
toria, etc.
Stmr Maggie, Corning, 3*£ hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Leland, 30 hours from
Monterey and way ports.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 11 days from
Coos Bay. . ■
SAILED,
fc. Sunday, February 21.
Stmr Texan. Morrison, New York, via Puget
Sound and Honolulu. i
Stmr Maggie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way lA is.
Strr^Coos Bay, Nicholson. San ■ Pedro. .': : j
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom. Portland, Or.
Stmr Coqullle River. Sanford, Crescent City.
Stmr Greenwood, Thompson, .
Bktn Mary 'Winkelman, Guttormsen, Ta
corca.
Schr San Buenaventura,' Lembke, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Queen, Poulsen, Port Gamble.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb. 21. 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind SE., velocity 18 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SE. storm signals have been ordered dis
played from San Francisco north.
v DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Feb 21, 5 a m—
Stmr Bonita, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 21— Br
ship Zlnita, hence Feb 13.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Feb 21— Schr
Muriel, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Valencia,
for Skagway.
BLAINE— Sailed Feb 21— Schr Manlon, for
San Pedro.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Feb 21— Ger stmr
Memphis, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed- Inward Feb ? 21 — Stmr
Mackinaw, hence Feb 18, for Tacoma. Passed
outward — Ship Spartan, , from Whatcom, for
San Francisco: ship Elwell, from Port Had
lock, for Sydney.
EUREKA — Arrived Feb 21— Stmre Santa
Monica and Pasadena, hence Feb 19; stmr Re
dondo, hence Feb 20.
Sailed Feb 21— Schr Eva, for San Francisco;
stmr Santa Monica, for Grays Harbor."
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Alca
zar, hence Feb 19.
Sailed Feb 21 — Schr Argus, for .
SAN DIEOO — Sailed Feb 21— Stmr , Marsh
field, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS. ' , ' -
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr Ventura,
for Sydney; bark Fooling Suey, for New .York.
Arrived Feb 21 — Schr Kona, from Iquique;
schr Mildred, from Ballard. ,
- OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Feb 21— Stmr Chem
nitz, from Bremen; stmr La Touralne, from
Havre; stmr Patricia, from Hamburg, Bou
logne and Plymouth; stmr Philadelphia, from
Southampton and Cherbourg. -. *. •
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived .Feb. 21— Stmr
New York, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. - ■. ,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb - 21— Stmr • Syl
vanta, from . Boston, via Queenstown; ■■ stmr
Umbrla, from New. York.
GLASGOW — Sailed Feb "21— Stmr Ethiopa,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 21— Stmr .' Me
rlon, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia; stmr
Etrurla, from Liverpool, for New York. <■
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance > to San Francisco
Kay. Published. by olUclal authority of the'
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and • low waters . occur ■ at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about '23
SAVE SAILORS
OF KENTIGERN
German Liner Albino Sighted
as Ship Is* About to Sink and
Crew Is Taken Into Port
STEERING GEAR DISABLED
Vessel Tosses Helplessly for
Several Days in a Terrific
Storm and Is Abandoned
NEW YOR^:, Feb. 21.— The German
Soloman Line steamer Albino, Captain
Kudenhol, which arrived from Ham
burg to-day, brought to port Captain
Parker and twenty-one shipwrecked
men belonging to the British freight
steamer Kentigern, which they aban
doned at sea on February 16 In a sink
ing condition.
■ Speaking of the sinking of the ship
Captain Parker said:
"We sailed from Portland on Sun
day, February 1, bound , for Limerick,
with a full cargo of grain. On Tues
day, while running in a heavy sea, the
steering gear became disabled, but was
repaired. It was not strong enough,
however, to withstand the violent gale
of the following Saturday and it broke
down again. An effort was made to
connect the handgear, but owing to the
darkness and terrific sea it could not
be repaired and' on the morning of the
14th we discovered the handsteering
gear broken to pieces, the wheel gone
and a complete wreck. By Monday the
gale had increased to a hurricane, the
cabins were flooded and the ship was
lying at an angle of 30 degrees. The
rudder was adrift, moving from side
to side violently, and it was impossible
to get any lashing to hold it firm. The
steamer Albino finally came in sight
and urgent signals were made to at
tract her attention. The Albino -took
all hands on board.' The chief officer
of the Kentigern had his arm broken.
The Kentigern yt-as built at Glasgow in
188S and was owned by Troop & Sons.
MEXICO DENIES MAKING
. OFFER ABOUT PANAMA
Government Says Report That Chile
Was Consulted Is Without
Foundation. •
MEXICO CITY. Feb. 21.— The Gov
ernment jofflcial organ' denies that
Mexico has addressed a note to Chile,
expressing itself favorably regarding
recognition of the republic of Panama,
but intimating a desire to extend that
recognition jointly with the Govern
ment of Chile in order that it might
carry greater moral force.
• The official paper says the foregoing
lacks foundation, for the Mexican Gov
ernment has addressed no note on the
subject to the Government of Chile.
It has done nothing more than en
deavor, through its representatives, to
ascertain the sentiment and policy of
other governments of this continent
regarding the matter without endeav
oring to act in concert with any of
them. j»
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 22.
Sun rises .- 8:52
Sun sets 5:65
Moon sets 11:51 p. ra
D Tlmel ITIme Time Time
p 1 Ft. f — — ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W| |L W H W L W
22 3:00 5.11 9:32 1.4 3:50 3.0 9:211 Ti
23 3:47 5.110:40 1.1 5:10 3.6 10:17 2.6
24 4:30 -> 5.2 11:47 0.7 0:5s, 3.011:24 2.7
25 5:H« 5.3 12:42 0.4-7:54 3.9. ....|
20 0:30 2.S| 8:4.1 il.ft l:f>0 -0.0 8:631 4.2
2" 1:4.1 2.8J 7:47 5.7 2:43!— O.2 O:47| 4.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning, tides are given In the left
hand column and ' the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides,, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the me in
of the lower low waters.
Movement of Stenmers.
TO ARRIVE. |
Steamer. From. I Due. |
San Pedro Grays Harbor JFeb. 22
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ...|Fcb. 22
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 22 ;
G. Llndauer.. Portland Feb. 22 i
Coronado; Grays Harbor.... Feb. 22 :
Claverlng Hngkng v Salina Cruz Feb. 22 i
Anubis Hamburg & Way Ports Feb. 22
Sierra ;. Sydney &. Way Ports.. Feb. 22
State of Ca!.. San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 22
Alliance...... Portland & AVay Ports. Feb. 23
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb. 23
Aroata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb. 23
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Chehalls Grays Harbor ". Feb. 23
Spokane...... Humboldt Feb. 23
Porno........ Point Arena & Albion.. Feb. 23
Sequoia...... Grays Harbor Feb. 2.5
Elizabeth Coqullle River |Feb. 24
Memphis Seattle IFeb. 24
Oregon Portland & Astoria. ... I Feb. 24
, Doric China & Japan. ....... Feb. 25
| Czarina Coos Bay Feb. 25
! Acapulco New York via Panama. Feb. 25
; Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt., ArenaiFeb. 25
Santa Rosa.. Pan' Diego & Way Pts. IFeb. 25
Pomona Humboldt ...JFeb. 20
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. | Feb. 26
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports IF«b. 2»i
Curacao Mexican Ports. IFeb. 27
Rival Wlllapa Harbor... IFeb. 28
North Fork.. Humboldt IFeb. '29
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma IMar. 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Porte... .{Mar. 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom IMar. 2
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Salla.| Pier.
February 22.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
February 23. I
Homer Coos Bay direct.. 10 am|Pler 2
North Fork. Humboldt ......... 5 pm|Pler 20
Chico Coqullle River..... 3 pm|Pler 2
Eureka..... Humboldt ......... 0 am|Pler 13
February 24.
Alliance Eureka* & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
W.Kruger.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata. Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
February 25.
Spokane.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pru Pier 2'
State Cal... San, Diego & .Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita. Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
February 26.
Lakme... .. Los Angeles ; Ports. 10 am Pier 20
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer. Astoria & Portland Pier —
Elizabeth.. . Coqullle River..,.. 5 pm Pier 20
Claverlng. . . Hkong v. Portland |Pier 20
China Chlna'&; Japan.... 1 pmlPler 40
Covonr.do..: Grays Harbor.:. ... 4 pmlPler 10
SanPedro.. Humboldt ......... 4 pm|Pier 2
February 27. . ••;-
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena &'Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Panama N. Y.-vIa Panama. 12- m Pier 40
Memphis.... Hambure & Way. 2 pm Pier 10
March 1. -
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
. ' • March 3.
Sierra Sydney & Way. ... 2 pm|Pler 7
FROM SEATTLE>_ ~~j
'Steamer. 1 .'..,' For. Salla.
Farallon...... Skagway '& Way Ports. Feb. 22
J. Dollar..... Valdez,& Seward......|Feb.>2.".
AI-K1........ Skagway & Way Ports, |Feb. ! 23
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way, Ports IlFeb. 2ti
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports.] Feb. 28
Dirigo. ........ Skagway & Way Ports. IFeb. 28
Excelsior Valdez &. Way Ports.. IMar.; X
PLAN TO VOTE
ON THE TREATY
Senator Morgan Will Offer a
Few Amendments and Discus
sion Will Be Executive
RESULT KNOWN TUESDAY
After Disposing of the Panama
Question the Senate Will
Take Up Agricultural Bill
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21.— The Pana
ma Canal Question will continue to
hold the exclusive attention of the Sen
ate until next Tuesday, when voting
will begin on the treaty. It is probable
that the doors of the chamber will be
closed the most of the time the treaty
is under consideration Monday and
Tuesday. Senator Morgan has prepared
a number of amendments, and if of
fered^they will be presented in execu
tive 'session. Morgan probably will
speak on some of his amendments, but
the prospect is that very few other Sen-
ators will desire further to discuss the
treaty or any amendment to it. All
amendments will be voted down. There
will be only sixteen or seventeen votes
or pairs against the ratification of the
convention. Senator Hoar will prob
ably make another speech before the
vote is taken. > • N
With the Panama Question disposed
of the Senate will take up appropria
tion bills, giving preference to the ag
ricultural bill. There are features in
this measure which will arouse opposi
tion and it is expected that will be de
bated at some length, j By the^time the
agricultural bill shall be passed the
legislative, executive and Judicial ap
propriation bill will have been reported,
to be soon followed by the naval, pen-
sion and army bills.
Monday being "Washington's birthday
the Senate will listen to the reading of
Washington's farewell address by Sen-
ator Heyburn of Idaho.
. The House has the naval bill under
debate and at the proper time it is
probable a rule will be brought in
making the item in the bill providing
for a training station on the great
lakes in order. It is expected that a
contest will ensue over the location of
the station. Notice has been given by
Hitchcock of Nebraska that he will
propose an amendment to the naval
bill providing for the construction of
a Government armor-plate factory. The
Indian and the district appropriation
bills will follow the naval bill and there
is some expectation that all of these
will be passed this week by the House.
At the first lull during the week the
bill providing for a committee to in
vestigate and report on the shipping
industry may be called up under a rule
limiting debate to a few hours. Fol
lowing the Indian and district bills
will come the postofflce appropriation
bill, but it may not be ready for con
sideration before next week. If the
appropriation bills are all out of the
way bv Friday the private claims or
pensions bill may have a show.
Williams, the minority leader, served
notice yesterday that he would endeav
or to secure the reading to-morrow of
Washington's farewell address and
then have an immediate adjournment.
AMENDING IiAWS ON
FOREST RESERVATIONS
Bili Introduced in Senate Provides
That Lands in Railroad Grants
Shall Be Exempted.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 21. — Senatof
Hansbrought has introduced a bill which
provides that no forest reservation
hereafter be created covering any
lands within the limits of any railroad
grant. It is provided further that
where a tract of land covered by an
unperfected bona fide claim or by a
patent, is included within the limits of
a public forest reservation hereafter
created, the settler or owner may re
linquish the tract to the Government
and receive in return full compensation
as may be agreed upon between the
Secretary of the Interior and the party
so relinquishing. Any exchange of
lands which hereafter may be surren
dered within a forest reserve hereto
fore created shall be allowed only for
lands of a like character, whether such
exchange is made through the medium
of land script, right of selection or
otherwise.
The Corinthian Canal.
"Speaking: o.f canals," said the en
gineer who had been talking about Pan
ama, "a very interesting canal, amd one
not much heard of, is that connecting
the 'gulf of - Corinth and the gulf of
Aegina, in Greece. It's some older than
any we have in the western hemisphere,
also, for Periander, tyrant of Corinth,
proposed to cut through the isthmus as
long ago as • 600 years before Christ.
Superstition stopped him, however. Ju
lius-Caesar and Caligula took it up
again when Rome had hold of Greece,
but it was too much for them. Then
came Nero, and he went at it with
vigor,- but the work stopped when he
died. Others kept pounding away at it
for the next several hundred years, but
it was not until 1881 that real work of
the Nero energy was put upon it. Then
General Turr, aid-d^e-camp to Victor
Emmanuel of Italy, organized a com
pany and worked on till the money
gave out, in 1S90, the chief obstacle be
ing some kind of a flint which dynamite
couldn't break.
"About $10,000,000 .was spent up to
1890, and then Mr. Snygros took hold,
organized a new company with $965,000
working capital and finished the job in
1S93. It is only about four miles long,
but it is sixty-nine feet wide at the bot
tdm, about eighty at water line, twen
ty-six feet three inches deep in water
and it is cut nearly al^ the way through
solid , rock, rising at some points for
269 feet above the canal. It is like a
canyon and ships do not- take kindly
to it, the entrance being bad, a strong
wind blowing through it as through a
great air shaft,. and there is at times a
strong reverse current. It is an inter
esting trip through the canal, and it
saves 123 miles of very rough ' water
and twenty hours of time; but so far
skippers prefer to go around the penin
sula rather than through the canal,
though .with some changes which will
be made it is believed the canal will be
come of. general use as soon as a few
ships; begin to .use it and remove the
prejudice now existing against it."—
Comfort. /
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
By order of the Superior Court, Department
9, J. T. Murphy, guardian of the estate of
Daniel T. Murphy.
I will sell all the stock contained on the
premises at 70 CITY HALL AVE..
THURSDAY. Feb. 25, at 11 o'clock.
Said stock consists of about 40 RIGS of every
description. DELIVERY and MILK WAGONS.
SURREYS, BUGGIES. CARTS and SINGLE
and DOUBLE HARNESS, ETC. Also tha
sheds and good will of the business and about
23 head of WELL BROKEN HORSES and one
No Limit or Reserve.
S. WATK1NS. Auctioneer.
. Auction Sa.i6.
£& A~i^i £>^
On MONDAY. Feb. 22, at 11 o'clock,
At 615 ELLIS ST., of
2 carloads of WELL BROKEN HORSES, direct
from the country.
' S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
*V :A To close out a large surplus of vehicles.
s surreys and phaetons, buggies, carts,
wagons of every description. 40 seta of harness
and*a lot of all-purposed horses; everything
sold must be as represented or money re-
funded. Tuesday. Feb 23 11 a. m.. at 1140
Folsom et. WM. CLOUGH. auctioneer.
ft» ~^
AUCTION SALE of 60 GOOD HORSES,
WEDNESDAY. February 24, at 11 a. m. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.
Every horse must be as represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOYf,E, Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juneau. ' Halnes, Skaguay.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m., Feb.
20. 25, Mar. 1. Change to
company's steamers at Seat-
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a, m.. Feb. 20.
25, Mar. 1. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1 :30
p. m., Feb. 22. 28. Mar. 5. Corona, 1:30 p. m.,
Feb. 13. 19, 25. Mar. 2.
For L03 Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9. a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crus, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
C003 Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 21. 29. Mar. S.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Feb. 17. 25. Mar. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
month. Fcr further Information obtain foider.
Right is reserved to change steamers or. sailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 Ne>w Montgom-
ery et. « Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check bagarage from hotels and
residences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
O../?. <& TV. CO.
Oregon tails Feb. 17. 27. March 8. 13, 2S,
April 7, 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon Is temporarily
In service Instead of tUe Columbia. George W
Elder .«alla Feb. 22. Mar. 3. 13, 23, Apr. 2. 12
and 22. Only sttamshlp line tn PORTLAND
} OR., end short rail line from Portland to all
( points Ea«t. Through tickets to all points all
rail cr steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meal.". Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a
m.- S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass'. Dept. 1
Montrcmery st. ; C. CLIFFORD, Gen. A*gt
Freight Depty. 3 Montgomery st.
oceanlcs.s.co.s«£
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. March 3. 2 p m.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Mch. 12. 11 a.m
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Mch. 18, 11 a. m"
«JPBEKElI*Eaj.e!L,Jljb..rjcbtoaa,B«latt»
WtUaxSU BjriatSL. Paris. 7.Paa&It
CCMPAGNIE GENERALS TaAN3ATLlXriJJi.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jt^j-.
; Sailing every Thursday Instead of i&CSS?h
i Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -«SB<»
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, J70 and upward. Sec-
ond clays to Havre. $45 and upward. GEV-
F.RAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Marc Island and Vallejo Steameri.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:"0 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m., S:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 5O cents. Tei.
Main I50S. Pier 2. Mission-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at !>:;{O a. m, throngrh In 3 days,
with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Fe Trains!
1 W-SO a' m"l C°. r Stockton. Fresno. BakersOeld.
i Sioo 1. m'.i Mcrc * d - Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
*-. Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES— C41 Market St, and
Terry Depot, S. P. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South Tixmt St,
San Jose.
j^^^ffl . TOSANRAFAEL,
H^^M ROSS VALLEY,
pigg^ MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
frfoffig^tt* ti$&tt!>i. Via Sausallto Perry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Daily — 7:00, 3-00
0:00, 10:00. 11C0 a. m., 12:20. 1:45. 3:15 4-is'
B:15. 6:18. 7:00. 8:45/ 10:20, 11:45 p. m'
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO TAN FRANCISCO
— Dally. 5:25. 0:35. 7:40. 8:35, 0:35. 11:05 a
m.. Vi:2O, 1:45. 2:55. 3:45, 4:45. 5:45 <>-45
S: 43. 10:20 p. m. r '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN.
CISCO— Daily. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:53. 953.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:05 6 : 05
7:05, 0:00 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH. TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted>— -
TomaUs and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays only — 10 a. m., Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62G Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
• Mt. Tamalpais Railway
■ • Leave fi» Siumiita tmrj ' Arrive *
5m Frandsco >«* if Mirk* & San Francfac*
Week *WB«.' Sim- Week
I Pay*- dars jgpm days Day*.
i •11:00 1*8:OUa f£^S#ft&a IZtOtr fuTiM
! *1:46r 9:OOa pMBSSBhW l:tftr 2:SUj>
I *:16r IO:O0a X&pcliwSlr »:5Or R:r>Or
11:00a 4:6Op 9:59*
- l:«8p • Ursa.
• 3:15r T:BO» ,
tnawtTitatUplr » Msm at Tfflw Omb»
TICllt 16* Mam S T^(North S£ore Railroadr
•moiS I and Sausauto Fuay. Foot Market St.
The Weekly Call
61 per Year*
KAJLWAY TBAVEK
/ /hmit \^l Trains leave and »r«
[WP«i|£S^/Tj d ? «toarrlv«s>t
V**VJ==^/ V SAK FRANCISCO.
V'CTiFTv V' (Main Line. Ferry Depot,
\ClX Foot of Market Street j
"i.«*t« — F«o» FmtoiT 17. 1*H. — ak«itT*
"~7 00a VHC«Tllle. Winter*. Uum»ey ........ 7 60*
7.00a Benlcla,Sal»an.Elmtraaad Sacra-
• meniu '•*"'
7.30a Vallejo. Sapa. Callstora. SanU
KosaVMartlne*. 6*n K.mon 820««
7.30a Nllea, Llrermore, Tr»cj, Lathrop.
Stockron ;;•••.•;• 7 - 2ae
8.00a Sni»«ta Kxprew— (Via D»tI»).
Wtiil.mi (for Bartlett 8prlnir.«).
■Willow*, trruto. Ited BluS.
Portland, Tacoma, Seattle /-SOP
8.00* D»Tla. Woodland. KnUBhU Landing.
MarysTllle. Orovllla :.... 7-50P
. 8-30* Port Co»ta. Marttne*. AntJoch.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton, New-
man. Lo» Uanos. Mendota.
Armona, lUnford. VlsaMa.
PorterrlllB ..•••• «.2o*
8.50a Port Costa. Martinex. Tracy. Latn-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
Gosben Junction, Hanford. -
VUalta. Baker»neld ******
■.30a Nile*. San Jote. LUermore. Stock-
ton. (tMIlton). lone. Sacrnmento,
Placerrille, MarysTllle, Chlco,
Bed Bluff ... 420«"
8 30* OakdaJ*. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora, Taolumne and AniceU 4-ZOP
900a Atlantic Rxprest— Of den «nd£*»t. 11.20a
S.30a Richmond, Martlne* and Way
Stations BOOF
,0.00a Th^^erUn^L^te^-Ugden.
Wo* L"r J A»Vel-e.'-p.V.VnkeV^Pofi "^
iu.uu* "J, ojjt^ Mart i nel , Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno, Oo»hen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsalla.
Bakersneld. Lo» Angeles ....... 7-20*
12-OOx H.yward. Ntlet and Way Stations. 3.20*
♦1.00* Sacramento River Steameri ...tii.OOF
3.30* Benida, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlzau Landlnf.
Maryivllle. Orovllle and -way „
stations 't'sS*
3 30* Hayward. Niles »nd Way SUtlona.. 7-50*
3.30* Port Costa. Martlnes. Byron.
Tr«ey. Lathrop. Mod eat*
Merced, Fresno. and Way Star
Uons beyond Port Cotta. ....... 1J20*
3.30* Martlnei. Tracy. Stoeiton, Lodl... 10-20*
4 00* MartInea,8«nI{»mon.V»lleJo,N»pa,
CalLtoga.Sant» Rosa......... ... 9 20a
4 00* NUea. Tracy. Stoekton. Lodt ...... -f-ZO*
4 30* Hayward. Niles. Irrlngton, SanJ +8.50*.
Jote. LlTermore 1 SII.SOa
5 CO* The Owl Limited— S«wn»i Lot
Banos. Mendota. Freino. Tulare.
Bakeraneld. Lot Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Lo» Angele*. for Lhl-
ctgo, via C. R. I. *P -J-SS 4
600* Port Co.U. Tracy. Stockton 1ZZS*
tS30* Hayward, Nile* and San Joa« 7.20a
6-OOr Hayward. Nllet and San Jot« 9.50a
600* Eastern Express— Oirden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Louts. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Bcnlcia. Sal-
«un, Klm!r», Dans, Sacramento^
Rocklln, Auburn, Colfax.
Truckee. Boca, Keno. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemncca 5 20*
8.00* Vallejo, dully, except Sunday.... {, 7 en.
700* VUleJo. Sunday only f
7JJ0* Klchraond. 8«n Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Wa> Stations 11-20*
805* Oregon & California Kxpress— Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle. Bedding.
Portland, Puget Sound and Eaat. 8.50a
9.10* Bayward, Niles and San Jo.e (3na-
dayonly) 11.50a
COAST LINE Oarrow «a«f«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.16* Newark. Ceatervllle. San Jose, "
Felton. Bonlaer Creek, SanU
Crn* and Way Stations 5-53*
t2-15* Newark. CentervUle, Saa Jose.
New Aim ad en. Los Oatos.Felton.
Boulder Crnek, Sanu Cruz and
Principal Way Stations fiO-SSA
4.18* Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos and) t8-5Si
way station* ) !10SSa
«9 30r Hunters Train, Saturday only, San
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Loh Gatos Sandxy only. 17 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN r'KAN CISCO, Foot of Market Sc (Sl!?»
— n-.tt »:00 11:00 a.h. 1.00 300 5.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0l> {3:09
t8:05 H):00a.m. 12.00 200 4-00 r.M.
COAST LINE* <Broad «a»«»).
\3f~ ('I bird *ntl Toirnaend Streets.)
6.10a Ean Jose and Way Stations 8.30*'
7- 00* 6an Joss and Way Stations 6-38*
800a New Almadrn (Tnes., Frid., only), 4.10r
800* The Coaster — Stops only San Joae.
Gllroy (connection for Hollls-
ter). Pajaro. Castrovllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Paelne Grove), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lnls Oblsp<\ principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc), principal stations
thence Santa B«rbara,Saa B-.ien.t-
ventura, Saagna. Los Angeles... 10.43*
9.0O* Sai Jos«, Tres Plnos/ Capitol a>
dantaCrnx.PacIacQrove.Saltnaa,
San Lnls Obtspo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10.30a Ban Jose and Way Stations 1.20r
11. 30* Santa Clara, San Jose, Loa Gtiot
and Way Stations 7.30*
130* San Jose and Way SUttona 8 33*
5 CO* Del Monte Exprens— Santa Clara.
Ean Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at SanU
Clara for Santa Crux. Boulder
r» Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. at CastrovU!* for Salinas. 1215»
3-30r Tres Plnos War Passenger 1045a
4.30* Ban Jose and Way Stations t8.00A
t5 00>> £«& Jose. (t1» Santa Clara) Loa
Uatos. and Prlnctpal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) t9-00*
{E-ZOr SanJo.eandPrlnclpalWayStatlont |9.40a
6. CO* finnset Limited.— Kedwocd. San
Jose, Gllray.Sallnaa.Paso liobles.
Ban Lois Obtspo. Santa Barbara.
* Loa Angeles. Demlng. El Paso,
New Orleans. New Tork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
and at Ca*trovtu« for PaciOc
Grove and Way Stations 7-10*
t8 -IE* EanMateo.Beresford.Belmont.8aa
Carlos. Redwood.' -Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t«.43t
6 30* San Jose and Way Stations. 6 38*
8.00* Palo Alto and Way Buttons 10.15*
11 .30* South San Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bur-
llngame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fa!r Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9-4Sr
•11-30* MayfleM, MonnUIn View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, SanU Clara and
San Jose t9-45*
A for Morntng. P f or Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. • t Snn4ay only.
a Saturday only.
fJBtops at all stations on Sunday.
r»~ Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
• re6:10A.M.,T:00*.M., 11:30 A.X..S: JOr.M., s:»».ji. in*
1:00 roi
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ci).
SAN FRANCISCO ANu NORTH PACIFI3
BAHWAT COMPANY.
Titmron Perry, root of Market Street.
SA1T PBA2TCXSCO TO SAN BATAEIh
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:0O. 11:00 a, m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at l:5O and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30, 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN 3AFAEL TO SAX rBAHCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35* 7:50, »:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 -.00, 9:40. 11:15 a, m.; \:Vi,
3:40. 4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave j In Efffift j Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27, 1003. |San FYanclsco.
Week I Sun- I Deatlna^ ISun- I Week
Day*. I days. | tlon. | days. ( Payi.^
~7:30a 8:00 a . 9:10 a" 8:40 a
0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30 a * 9:10 a| 8:4Oa.
8:00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 *
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:0Op Santa Rosa. '
7:30 a . 10:40 a 10:20 a
.- 8:00 a F*ulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor. ]
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur?, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30,p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:33 n 620 o
Cloverdale^ '
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 allO:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:33 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllta |7:35pj6:20p
: 7:30 al 8:0Oa|. ~ ~~ |1O:4O a|10:20 a
3:.-tOp| 3:30 pi GuernevllY». I T:3 3 Pi «:3) P
j 7:30a S:00aj Sonoma. I 9:li> a! S-Vo'a
' 8:10 p 6:00 p[ Glen Ellen. [ 6:C3 p| 1:20 p
7:30 al 8:0O at 110-40 a!10-20 a
3:3» p| 3:30 p[ Sevastopol. |7:35pj5:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Drae for Sari
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mar* West
bprlnsts; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the. Oeysera. Boonevlile and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Xelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at tTklah for Vichy
tSI"? *'• ba J?. to S a Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. W Uter Springy Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter galley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly'm
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orrs
Hot Springs Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal; at Wllllta for Fort Brags.
Westport. Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vtUe. Cummlngs. Bell'n Springs. Harris. Ol-
*ena. Dyer. GarbervtUe. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. » . :
: Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates,
w V^ n ot flce *« 63 ° Market street. Chronic!*
H. C. WHITIXG. It. X. RTA».
Gen. " Manager. Cea. Paja, ATUNEWS OF THE TRACK THE GRIDIRON AND THE POLO FIELD
DERBY HORSES
ARE ALL READY
Six* Slashing Three-Year-OMs
"Will Face the Barrier at
Emeryville Track To-Day
FORMA STER ENJOYS CALL
Crack Son of Brutus Will JBe
Ridden by Bullman-Judge
° JTas" a String of Admirers
.The California Derby, with a value
cf 'aUiut $4000. will be the main attrac
tion of the card at Oakland to-day and
itfuch interest is evinced in the out
come', as it is the first time the 3-year
oMs have been asked to meet at a
rftilc ard a quarter. With a muddy
tr^ck prevailing the race has a rather
c 6pen appearance. Formaster will be
favorite, but the other candidates have
performed well In mud and the con
test s*iiuuh1 be a good one.
The probable field with jockeys and
'.vcjghts follows: Toledo, 122, Bell; For
matter. 117, Bullrr.an; Judge. 117. J.
Daly* Ananias, 117, Heed; Bombardier,
IK. See; Mendon, 114, J. Martin,
\A splendid programme has been ar
ranged for the week, the features being
tv.« handicaps for three-year-olds and
upward. The events wi!l have a value
of- SXPOOt Cne at a mile and a sixteenth
is down for decision Wednesday, and
the 'other at a mile and fifty yards v.ill
be run Saturday.
/ ENTRIES 1X)R TO-DAY.
First rao<- — Futurity court*; four-year-olds
and up: weUtagz
♦»*« Barrt Hum? «Ju<Jr<?> 1CS
tA-Jti Sir Tern TjdUlvr .Daly) Ill
r,Mii< voufin Carrie (Burger) :.. 85
«^7N Hamirre*-* iMagrar.e) V'S
VZ'h GaJanthaa (OaSUfi uc
BS55 Hi-maine (Hurray) 'M
E5>«K) P:n ISctrtSM* (Wriltr.an) 108
«XM4 •Nullali iMcKenzic) 101
B£» OhwJc* <Fin»t 100
0C9S 'Flaneur <M<'Cistrprty) !«5
aONO Saintly <Cro»«-).. Ill
W<S *f>TUa*h iJevr.rtT) O3
&>4S AI:c e t'irty <Iieil» 06
Second ra,-»»— Three an3 a ha!f furlongs; two
v.;,:-« .'.-- t-r'.ling:
C'r75 Ckxja> Gu>, (Hums & \Vatprhcuse)...107
««XKJ Tar Flat <£an Joaquln Stable) 102
.... Norinne (Nerwi St'X~k Farm) 107
Brutus- Pique.
♦'.T'Tr. "Wire (Stover) 107
-fcTM Mcfrr<»sor tBianchi & Co.) 110
Third race— Fix and a half furlorss; three-
Jvar-olfis and up; selling::
«tf>4<» •! Know <Burnp!l) 97
•Ui*» 'Colonel Van (Fountain) 104
«R'4 "HI Pilcto <H.ia(t) lt>4
•Oeyrche <Coff>y> H2
1 r.lf>2 •Hulford <.~tover>.. tss»
-R€7i» M«»ehanuE t Rector)...... 112
«*i53 •Canonkus (Daly)..... 89
54^7 Scion (Webb) .104
Fourth^ race — California Derby; cne and a
quarter 'miles; three-year-olds; . purse, ?^r>uO
• d<5eij :
«577 JurJ^e <Daly) : 117
BMS rorrrMTUr <H<->ot» & Hollenbeck) 117
T.SU<~ Mendon «Dp.ytoo) 114
<'/*ij Boichardirr fPkmner) 114
r.V^ Toledo (Burne & Waterhouse) 122
C101 Ananias r?rhorr) 117
~ Fifth ra^o — One TrM* an* fifty yarj*; four
jf»r-old5 snd 3j>; s^tlinR:
r.OT.u •Illi'.'.uon (Randall) 1C2
«.bU5 O. \V. Trahern (Qujnlan) 10a
• . . . . «""':o*'h«; d'Or (Ccnradt OS
«<Co *Ooi:ien Liprht (McCafft-rty) 102
Caronal <Ch«pp<:l!r) 105
46B1 'Montana P»H>rep? (CoSfcy) 98
fi'J.X *Kfy Dare tNealcn) 102
. Sixth rscr — One *nd a Eixtecr.th miles; four-
and up: j»urte:
alZ F.5hertn (Schorr) W5
iV*9 T'ivir.a (El I'rimf-ro Stable) 104
OQKS I'aisy Oro*n iKralt> iHt
COO Chickadee (Mctafrerty) ins
«^M1 The Don (Rcnr'.H 1«»
*;&<!> Leader <Jenninps) H»4
Ciol Flufh of Gold (Otrea) 104
.. "A ptsr^ntjee £!lcraanc<-.
Fr.O2AELE ■WIITITEE3
.First Sace — Romaise, Cousin Carrie,
SirTcai Tiddler..
Second Urcc — Steel Wire, MogrejTor,
G4ocr:y Gns.
. .Tfciid Sace— Kl Flloto, I Know, Col.
Van.
•ToTirth Sace — Pcrraaster, Jua.se, Men
flon» ,
rifth Zlacc — Carcnal, Ulilonoa, O. W.
Tmhcrn.
£ixtn Sacs — Esheria, The Son, Daisy
Bre'en.
ITALY TO IMPRISON
MLNMYHO CIRCULATE
FALSE AVAR RUMORS
ROME, Feb. 2J-— Rrnvors of warlike
preparations by Italy having been cir
culated, a semi-ofilcln.! communication
has rmanated from the Government.
■which :s in substance as follows:
Stories of alleged armaments and of
tji« movements of warships and troops
for service abroad are entirely false.
Indications exist that this false news
is'Vonnected with Stock Exchange
speculation, and those responsible
have, been brought before the 'aw
courts to be punished according to the
law, \vith imprisonment for three to
thirty months."
The communication evidently. allude3
to the insistence by a portion of the
press that Italy will be antagonistic to
Austria in the Balkans and U* the pre
dictions of international complications,
thus causing a fall In Italian bonds and
a rise In the exchange on gold.
SCANDAL IXYOLVES
' AMERICAN AT THE
: COURT OF SEOUL
• LONDON, Feb. 21.— According to the
"Nagr&saki correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph, while William F. Sands, the
Emperor of Korea's adviser, was en
tertaining officers of the French cruiser
Pascal and a number of other friends
at dinner la his official residence in
fieoul. some geographical and statistical
maps and papers were stolen. This
caused a great scandal and necessitated
Sands' withdrawal.
Sands was appointed United State*
secretary cf legation in President Mc-
Kinley'B first administration. In 1SD3
he became adviser to the Korean Gov
ernment, succeeding two other Ameri
cans/ Early in 1902 the announcement
of Sands* resignation was received in
Washington, but the reason for his
withdrawal was not then made public.
"If you were offered three wishes,
George, dear, what would they be?"
"Money, money,- money."
"Why, George, I thought you'd wish
to have me."
"Oh, I'd get you fast enough if I had
the money."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
SPEEDY HOUNDS
COURSE GAMELY
Important Double Stake Event
•Attracts a Record Breaking
Attendance to Union Park
»
YOUNGSTERS SHOW SPEED
Eight Fast Dogs Will Com
pete for Final Honors in Cali
fornia Plate Stake To-Day
The wet weather did not keep the
crowd away from Union Coursing Park
yesterday. From the time the first
course started at 11 in the morning till
the last one was run off at dusk the
interested ones thronged the grand
stand and betting ring. Such a gala
day has not been known at the park
for a long time.
It was a great day's sport. The first
round of the Belle Brandon stake for
the youngsters proved to be a star
event and brought out a lot of likely
ones. Every puppy slipped showed in
good form and for first timers the young
dogs Qemonstrated they were record
breakers and due to perform in good
style before long.
But the real event of the day was the
California Plate stake in which all the
champion hounds were entered. Three
rounds of the stake were run down,
when darkness interfered .and brought
the day's sport to an abrupt dose.
The local dogs shone brightty in the
plate stake. No less than five of them
are still in the going and ; £jey all seem
to have a good chance to get away
with the final honors to-day. Thu
home hounds include Mount Rose, Palo
j Alto, Reta S, Sea Lion and Full. Moon.
Full lloon seems to be the favored dog
with the wise followers of the game,
though there are many who concede
Sea Lion a chance.
Sacramento Boy and Tillie R, the
two capital city dogs remaining in the
stake, ran in great form yesterday.
Both will prove stumbling blocks in the
final event and each has a good chance
to land the stake. The only imported
dog to last till the fourth round was
Gambit. He is still in the going and as
he showed a world of speed yesterday
he may be one of the good things.
For the Belle Brandon stake Flower
Girl is thought to be the best of the
bunch. She performed in grand style
for a youngster yesterday and has a
splendid cl ce of finishing with 'the
headliners. Freda is also men
tioned as a likely candidate, though it
is almost a certainty that Flower Girl
| will rule a bis £a\ *e.
A consolation Siako for the thirty
two dogs beaten in the first round of
the California Plate e'vent yesterday
will be run off to-day. The sport will
be ushered in this morning with the
second round. of the. - y Belle Brandon
stake. Then the first round of the con
solation will be run down, then the
fourth round of th? Belle Brandon
stake. The last three rounds of the
three stakes will wind up the two days'
sport. Following are the results with
Judge P. J. Roilly's official s: .res:
California P!a«e Stake: First rouni— Charm-
Ing Tfco-jRht beat Silver IleclF. 19-8; Rector
beat Honest John. 10-4: Tillie R beat Ploush
tnan. S-2; Barge beat Amadan. 1H-:}; Sacra
mento Hoy beat Anplo Blrssom. <!-l : Advertiser
br-at Cloudburst. 10-9; Barefoot Boy c. bye;
Fair Tralte beat Racing Billy. 12-2: Honcgade
Apaolio bent Little Plunger. 8-1; Rocker Arm
bftat Joe Pasha. «-2; Real Article beat Free
From Flaw. 12-5; Mount Rose beat Pocatelli,
8-ts Charter Mmhr beet Conroy. 9-4; Ruby
Sankey beat Haphazard, 14-10; Palo Alto beat
Colored Lady. 7-4; Quita beat Racing Auto,
10-2; Baby Aurora beat Ragtime, 11-9; Reta S
b«-at T«:cas B«$y, 0-4; The Referee beat Celtic,
5-0; Cuhanola beat Our Motto. 4-0; McVcy
brat J E H. 4-0; Sra Lien beat Crawford
Belle. .1-2: Duhallow boat Boots, 7-4: Clover
dale bfat L. L. C. 10-4: Hudson beat Tom King,
3-1: Gambit l.rat Lost Chord. 12-5; Richard
Anton beat Galv^strn. .1-1 ; Bill Dugan beat
Tralee Boy. 14-fl; Full- Mocn beat Comstock.
14-K: Texan Hoo Hoo boat Rollo Wills. 11-5:
Merry Go Round boat Lord Brazin, 11-5; Van
dal brat Liberator, 12-S.
Second round — Rector b?af Charming Thnnpht,
7-3; Tillie R beat Barge, -5-0; Sacramento Hoy
beat Adrerttaer; 24-<»; Barefoot Boy beat Fair
Tralee. 4-2: Rocker Arm heat Renegade
Apache. 1C-7; Mount Rore beat Real Article,
10-4; Charta Mrmber beat Ruby Sankey, 9-0;
Palo Alto beat Quita. 10-R; Heta S beat
Baby Aurora. S-4; The Referee beat Cu
lianola. 7-4; Sea Uon a bye. McVey withdrawn;
Duhnliow bt-iit C'ovc-rciale, 2i-(i; Richard Anton
a live. B!ll Dugan withdrawn; Gambit h'-nt
Hudson, 0-S; Full M^on beat Texas Hoo Hco,
l<>-«): Vandal b?at Merry Go Round, 6-4.
Th!«l round — Tlllio R beat Rector. 5-4; Sac
ramento Boy beat Barefoot E*njr. 0-3: Mount
Ros" beat Rocker Arm, 5-3: Palci Alto beat
Charta Jlcrrber, 12-9; Reta S boat The Referee,
14-9: Pea Lion a bye. DuhaMow withdrawn:
Gambit beat Richard Anton, 3-0; Full Moon
bfat Vandal. 5-2.
Bfll Brandon Cup Ptake: First round—Se
cretive lyat Plain Blu.-ky, 23-2: Locco b?at \
Good an Geld. 7-."; Flower Girl a bye: Rcary
Aviek kK-at Marjraret Anclin. l'l-rj; Sonnybrook
Wat Walt for Mr\ 4-0: Lampre Ke\ beat Bus
pal.egan, 7-3; Little Freda beat Earl. 18-1;
Sampler a bye: T. C. Watson beat The Duke,
S--'{; Menlo Queen boat Annadale, 10-2; Ina
• Mssus Vat Frank C. 1 1-1: Bright Future beat
Pasha iiirp. 7-4; Glitter beat Free Erin, C.-5; !
D II brat R W, 14-2: Young Tommy R beat
Son of Ktin. l."-4; -Augus Clssus beat Flying
Yxnkee. lrt-2; J. R. beat Young Kerry Pippin,
0-0; Kokorao beat Young Moilie R, 0-1.
COUKSING AT IXGLESIDE.
Many Fast Hounds Land at Good Odds
in the. Open Stake.
The first round of the sevenfy-two
rour.d stake was run down at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday. The wet
weather kept the crowd away and lit
tle enthusiasm was shown. There
were a number of good, lively courses
and many long shots came In at good
odds, surprising the wise bettors.. "Fol
lowing are the results, with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores
Open (-take, fiirt round — Bonnie Pasha beat
Battleship. 7-1; Red Rock beat Frisky Boy,
1*4; Maid of the Glen b«at Star Sylvanus,
13-1; Jerry Wright beat Prometheus, 6-0;
Troublesome boat Kreswick, 0-0; Tralee Law
beat Toronto, C-2; Menlo Prince .beat Flaunt,
14-5; Medley beat Beauty Gold, 12-tf; Viking
beat Meddlesome, 4-0; Frii<co Lad beat Glanc
ing Pafha, 10-3; Moilie Me beat Mountain
Port, 4 o;- Frisky Barbara beat Intruder, 15-3;
High Born beat Lady Menlo, 3-2; Vina beat
Loretta. .'t-2: Rich Argosy beat Adonis, 0-5;
Pepijer Hill beat Grace Greenwood, 3-1; Gen
eral de Wet beat Texas Jill. 6-0; Don Pedro
beat Irish Lad. 8-3; Balendlno beat Glievena
mon, 4-1; Bob It beat Lord Granard, 3-2; Ilar
lean Gladys beat Homer Boy, 4-2; . Money
Muek beat Siren, 10-2: Little Lucy beat Una,
4-0; Topjsy-Turvy beat Helen Hayen, 24-S;
Equator beat Laughing Water, .1-2; Lily York
beat Van Alba. 11-3; Queen's Motto beat
Haughty Helen, 10-2;. Black Coon beat Mark
Twain. 18-C; Imperious beat Pure Pearl, 8-C;
Reckless . Acrobat beat Hofala. 4-2; Pafha
Pleasant beat Pepper. Jack, 5-1;. Silver Cloud
beat Jimmy Anthony/ 5-1 ; Yellow Tail beat
White Stockinc. 5-3; Wedgewood beat Texas
Jim 4-1; Our Minnie . beat Hurry On, 4-2;
Anna Ryne* beat Mirapp. 24-0.
Nell — I'm in a dilemma. Of course, I
can't think of marrying Jack Fowler,
but he says if I don't he'll go Xo .the
dogs.
Belle — Well, but you can't help that.
Xell— That's Just It; I know I can't,
and I'm very fond of dogs.—Philadel
phia Ledger. 2
:HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 190*4.
MOIST COURTS
PREVENT PLAY
Tennis Matches at East Oak
land Postponed on Account of
the Threatening Weather
DRAWINGS TAKE PLACE
Twenty-Seven Teams Entered
in the Doubles Tournament
and Good Sport Is Promised
No matches were played in the Ala
meda County , championship tourna
ment yesterday on account of the wet
weather. Twenty-seven teams enter
ed the doubles tourney and were
drawn yesterday. The best teams
drew in the lower half and conse
quently the most interesting matches
will be played in the early rounds.
J. D. MacGavin and Robert Variel,
the crack team representing the Cali
fornia Club and University of Cali
fornia, drew the Baker brothers of the
Golden Gate Club in the preliminary
round. These two teams are probably
the strongest in the tourney and it is
unfortunate they should draw each
other.
The Murdock brothers, Alameda's
best men, will meet the winners of the
Baker brothers-MacGavin and "Variel
match in the second round. Hamil
ton Murdock did not play well in the
singles and his brother is a very errat
ic player. Of these three teams, the
Baker brothers are the most evenly
balanced and by far the steadiest. If
Variel. who has not played for several
months, gives MacGarvin any kind of
support the college men should cap
ture the championship.
The Baker brothers are hard to
beat, but their lobbing will just suit
MacGavin and Variel. In the upper
half, Clarence Griffin and Carl Gar
dener are the strongest team and
should gain a place in the finals. The
only teams in the half that have a
chance are George James and H. Rus
sell and G. Finch and Horace Mann.
The chances of the last named team
are poor, but those of Russell and
Janes are not unfavorable.
The final match x will probably be
interesting, but would have been much
more so had one of the three best
teams drawn ifc the upper half. Grif
fin and Gardener play well, but the
Baker brothers and MacGavin and
Vciriel rather outclass them.
The drawing resulted as follows:
Preliminary round— S. Talcott and H. Mill
wain vs. S. Webster and G. Gage; Lee. and
Robbins vs C. Griffin and C. Gardner; G.
James and H. Ru.-sell vs. E. M. Otis and
Gott; H. Mederaft and M. Sherwood vs. H.
Mann and G. Finch: W. Foster and R. Parr
vs. R. Gorrill anrl R. Heath; J. ' ! and A.
Brabant vs. H. Cook and E. Arru-.< j, Francis
and O. Jewell vs. Murdock brothers; C. Mc-
Puffie and R. Clinch vs. O. Finkensted and H.
Porter; H. Palmer and partner vs. C. Dunlap
and C. Foley; N. Ambrose and Marlus Hotch
kiss vs. S. Gayncss and J. R. Lewis; Baker
brothers vs. J. T). MacGavin and R. Variel.
First round (upper half) — H; Biddel and Mil
ler Hotchk'.ss vs. T. Turner and Spencer.
First round (lower half) — F. A int and G.
Lytton vs. R. Drolla and H. Gabriel; G. Bates
and K. Fj'nnegan a bye.
Play will be called promptly at 9
o'clock this morning and as much as
possible of both singles and doubles
tournaments will be completed to
day. It is not likely that either event
will be finished to the semi-finals. The
final matches will have to be postpon
ed. They will probably be set for
next Sunday. The courts of the East
Oakland Club at Clinton Station are
being used for the tourneys. x -
HANDBALL EXPERTS PLAY
AN* INTERESTING MATCH
Bonnet and Cunningham Defeat Fitz
gerald and Levy After .Three
Hard-Fouglit Games.
One of the most exciting handball
matches played at the Olympic Club in
months was the one yesterday between
Champion Fitzgerald and Louis Levy
and George Cunningham and Jack
Bonnet. Three games were played and
the final gamtf was taken by Bonnet
and Cunningham by a single point.
There was a big crowd present and the
clever work of the players was heartily
applauded.
Fitz did not play up to form in his
matches. Once^in a while he showed
a flash of championship style. His
back-hand strokes at critical times
were remarkably clever. Bonnet's
tossing was extremely fast. He put
every ounce of muscle in each toss and
had • Fitzgerald and Levy guessing.
Cunningham did not play well in the
first part of the game, but made a
"Garrison" finish. Levy played a con-
sistent game.
In the final game Bonnet led with a
score of 17 to 13. Levy then tossed
eome low ones and Fitzgerald killed the
weak returns. Levy secured seven
points and the score was 20 to 17. Fitz
was put out on a "kill" by Cunningham
and the ultimate victors went in and
Bonnet served two on FitzgeraVd be
fore he was put out. Cunningham was
an easy out. Levy could do nothing
and Fitz, in his anxiety to return the
ball, used his back-hand stroke and
also went out. Bonnet by a pretty
"kill" won the match. Scores: 15-21,
21-18, 21 7 20.
Xeat Exhibition of Lace.
Every woman who know3 anything
about lace will be interested to hear
that in April next the Gelleria Mu
seum at Paris will be the scene of the
most important loan exhibition of
lace that has ever taken place. Among
the features of the show will be the
superb rochet of Bayeux lace present
ed to Pope Leo XIII in 1887 and now
lent by Pius X; the lace baptismal
robe of the ill fated Prince Imperial
of France, lent by Empress Eugenie;
the bridal veil of the queen of Portu
gal, lent by herself; as well, as the
most precious laces of Queen Alex
andra, of the Empress mother of
Russia, and of Princess Clementine of
Belgium, who inherited her "mother's
laces; while among the other exhibit
ors will be Queen Marguerite of Italy,
the ex-Queen r' Naples, the Duchess
of Aosta, nearly every one of the
Mmes. de Rothschild, and, in "fact,
most of the great women of France,
England, Spain and Belgium. -The ex
hibition - is organized by the ' : city pf
Paris, and it is to the latter' that .these
priceless laces are loaned for shew,—
Baltimore American.
EASY VICTORY
FOR SAN MATEO
Cosmopolitan Polo Team Out
classed in First Game for
Raoul Duval Challenge Cup
LOSERS ARE HANDICAPPED
Tom Driscoll's Pony Stumbles
and Plucky Rider Narrowly
Escapes* a Painful Injury
DEL MONTE, Feb. 21.— The San
Mateo pclolsts galloped all over, th"e
Cosmopolitans to-day in the first match
for the Raoul Duval challenge cup,
winning ultimately by a score of eight
goals to two. The teams lined up in
the following order:
' San Mateo team— W. McCreery, R.
M. Tobin, L. McCreery, J. Lawson.
Cosmopolitans— R. Chaplin, T. A. Dris
coll, C. Raoul Duval, W. S. Hobart.
Referee— F. J. Mackey. Umpire— E.
Ezra. Timekeeper— Cyril Tobin.
The Cosmopolitans were badly handi
capped from the start. Walter Hobart
could not use two *of his favorite po
nies, owing to injuries they received
in Friday's game, and had to borrow
Peter Martin's ponies. Tom Drlscoll
went Into the game with sore muscles,
resulting from a blow he received in
the same game when he was hit in the
back with a ball.
More important than this, the play
ers were in positions with which they
were not familiar and there was no
semblance of team work. Walter Ho
bart was all at sea as "back" and
made a poor shewing in that position,
with which he. is not familiar. He has
been playing a star game as number
three during the present meeting. He
mixed up in none of the scrimmages
yesterday, contenting himself with can
tering around on the outside awaiting
a chance at the ball.
The game was brought to an abrupt
termination early in the last period.
Walter Hobart was running the ball
down the field and Tom Driscoll. who
was mounted on his fast pon* Si, was
clearing the way for him by riding
off R. M. Tobin. Mr. Drlscoll's pony
suddenly stumbled arid both horse and
rider turned a complete somersault.
The shock of the fall was met by the
rider's cork lined cap, which saved him
from serious injury, as Y as tossed
clear off his pony. Heci. cut of the*
fall with only a strained wrist.
The pony fell on his own shoulder
and this stopped his impetus notice
ably. It had the effect of rolling him
over on his back, where he lay for an
instant kicking his legs in the air.
He was up then and galloped off the
field. This incident brought the game
to an end. The San Mateo team proved
Its superiority from the time the first
ball was tossed in. •
The McCreery broths, j, R. M. Tobin
and Lawson all played a brilliant dash
ing game. They secured possession of
the ball at once and ran it down the
field, just missing a goal. Shortly after
the Sah Mateo men claimed one of
their opponents were off side ' and let
up in their play. During the momen
tary lull Walter McCreery scored and
it was allowed to stand. The San
Mateo men nearly scored before the end
of the period.
They were allowed a free stroke at
the opening of the next period on a
foul. The ball went hear the goal, but
Lawrence McCreery, who played a
great game, sent it out and ran it
across the field, just missing a goal.
The ball traveled up the field again
and R. M. Tobin repeated McCreery's
performance, finally scoring.
The San Mateo men scored their first
goal in this period. Walter Hobart ran
the ball down the field and placed it
for Duval, who scored. Later in the
period, the San Mateo men sent the ball
to the edge of the .goal, but could not
put it through.
Lawson scored twice in the third pe
riod for the Cosmopolitans. Each time
he had a clear shot from the fcrty-flve
yard line, no opponent being there to
interfere. He placed the ball between
the posts. In the fourth period, Wal
ter McCreery placed the ball and Law
son scored. Shortly after Walter Mc-
Creery got possession and scored un
aided. Tom Driscoll drove from the
eighty-yard line and the ball landed
in the mouth of the goal, but did not
roll over the line. Walter Hobart
scored the second and last goal for his
side in this period. '
R.. M. Tobin and Lawson scored In
the fifth period, making the score 8 to
2, at which it remained.
RUSH ORDER FOR NEW
CRUISER THE CRAMPS
BUILT FOR TURKEY
PHILADELPHIA. Feb. 21^-The
cruiser Medjidia, built for the Imperial
Ottoman navy at Cramps, is under
hurry orders to get home. She "will
leave here on March 1 and will carry
her own flag. It had been intended to
take the vessel to Constantinople and
deliver her there to the Turkish naval
authorities, but a change in this plan
was found necessary and the ship will
be put into commission and unfurl her
flag at this port. .
Captain Ransford DI Bucknam of
Cramps' shipyard, who will take the
cruiser across, has been commissioned
a captain in the Ottoman navy and
will put her into commission. It also
will be ; necessary to commission the
ether officers. 1 \ !
The Medjidia will leave port^ fully
ready for a naval "engagement. ' • Her
guns, all of the latest pattern in use
in the United States navy, were made
in Bethlehem, Pa. All are practically
in place." The V magazines are to* be
filled With ammunition, as if for a war
cruise. As soon as the cruiser reaches
the sea the trial of all her guns" will
be begun. This will be made-practi
cally thorough. '
In view of the haste with which the
builders have been charged to ■ deliver
the- ship, only two ' stops will be ' made
on " the long run to Constantinople.
The trip will ' require about twenty
days and it may be that a final speed
test will be made somewhere off the
Island of Crete. '.. >
The 'exact cause of- the hurry orders
has not yet been explained.
THISTLES PLAY
IN FINE FORM
Star-Spangled Scotchmen Beat
Vampires 3 Goals to 0 on
Presidio Athletic Grounds
FIELD WET AND SLIPPERY
Winners Are Sure of Champion
ship of the California Asso
ciation ; Football League
The Presidio athletic grounds were
in bad condition yesterday, the sur
face being soaked with water and so
slippery that it was not possible to
play in the center of the field. The
goal posts were taken up and set on
the east side of the ground, where the
covering of grass is thick, a playing
area of 110 yards by CO yards being
marked off. As - these arrangements
occupied some time, the match between
the Albion Rovers and Independents
for the championship of the California
Association Football League .was not
played, though the teams went out and
amused the , spectators by a little
friejndly practice with the ball.
In spit£ of the rain a large number
of spectators gathered in the grand
stand to witness the game between the
Vampires and Thistles. At 3:10 p. m.
"Wilding kicked the ball off for the
Vampires. The Thistles, who were play
ing with" the wind, kept the ball down
near the Vampires' goal and after five
minutes' play secured a corner kick,
which landed in front of the post, but
was well saved by Alrth.' Then the
Thistles put the ball at goal again, but
It just tipped the top of the crossbar.
Twenty* minutes after the ball had
been put into play Duncan scored the
first goal for the Thistles from a splen-
did kick. -
A little later Airth headed the ball
into goal from a kick of A. Disher,
scoring the second goal for the
Scotchmen. Before the end of the first
half Lydon scored a third goal.
After the change of ends the Vam
pires made several determined efforts,
but were unable to score. During this
period Airth, the Vampire goalkeeper,
received a nasty kick and had to leave
the field. T^heberge took charge of the
goal and saved some shots.
Near the end of the game Petersen
went into the forward line of the Vam
pires. Neither side scored again and
the match ended 3 goals to 0 in favor
of the Thistles. The victory of the
Scotch team was due to the excellent
combination work of the forwards and
the good all around team play.
For the Vampires Petersen at full
back, Glarner in the halfback line,
with Lees and Kay on the left wing,
did the best work. Team play, how
ever, was lacking among the Vampire
forwards. C W. Irish was referee,
with Bradley and Churchill as lines
men. The teams occupied the following
positions:
Thistles. Positions. Vampires.
Lowe :... Goalkeeper Airth
Forrest.. Left back Petersen
Tierney Right back Theberge
Taylor Left halfback Harwood
Duncan Center halfback Turner
McGregor Right halfback Glarner
A. Disher. Outside left. Lees
T. Disher ..Inside left Kay
T. S. . Lydcn Center forward Wilding
J. Smith.. Inside right..' Showell
R. A. Disher Outside right Buchly
The Thistles are now sure of the
championship of the California As
sociation Football League. They have
played ten matches and. have scored
nineteen points. They have two more
matches to play and these they are
practically certain to win, so that their
score at the end of the season will be
twenty-three points out of a possible
twenty-four.
The Vampires have played all their
twelve scheduled matches and, having,
lost two and drawn two, have a score
of eighteen points. The Independents
have played ten matches and hava
fifteen points to their credit. If they
win their two remaining matches they
will have nineteen points to their
credit and will take second place. If
it should so happen that the Thistles
lose both their remaining matches and
the Independents win both theirs, there
would be a tie for the championship.
HOW MUCH FOOD ;^j
. SHOULD WE EAT?
One Rule Says the Smallest Amount
That Will Preserve Good . .;V T
Health.
How shall one determine, then,
how much, food to eat? Too much
mystery has been thrown about this
subject. Let your sensations decide.
It must be kept in mind that the en
tire function of digestion and assimi
lation is carried on without conscious
supervision or concurrence. It should
be entirely unfelt and unknown, ex
cepting by the feeling of bien-etre
which accompanies and follows its
normal accomplishment. Satiety is
bad. . It implies a sensation of full
ness in the region of the stomach, and
that means that too much food has
been taken. The. exact correspond
ence, in a healthy animal, between the
appetite and the amount of- food re
quired is extraordinary. As a rule,
the meal, unless eaten very slowly,
should cease before the appetite is en
tirely satisfied. Because a little time
is required for the outlying organs and
tissues to feel the effects of the food
that has .been, ingested. If too little
has been taken it is easy enough to
make it up at the next meal, and the
appetite will be only the better and
the food more grateful.
No one was ever^sorry for having
voluntarily eaten too little, while mil
lions: every • day repent having eaten
too much. It. has been said that the
great, lesson homeopathy taught the
world: was this: That, whereas physi
cians had been -in the habit of giving
the patient- .the '■ largest dofee he could
stand, they have, been led to see that
their purpose was better subserved by
giving, him -• the smallest dose that
would ' produce the desired effect.
And so it is with food. Instead of eat
ing,', as most-people unfortunately do.
as much they they can, they should
eat the smallest amount that will keep
them in good health.^— The Century-
. "I tell you it keeps me busy these
days trying to earn my salary," said
the drummer with the prominent jaw
bones."
"Huh!" said the drummer with the
red nose, "you ain't half as busy as I
am. I have to make my boss" think
I'm earning my salary." — Chicago Trib
une. ••■.'• n
BLASSE SHOOTS
IN GREAT FORM
Defeats J. Kullmann at Pistol
Range by One Ring After a
Long and Exciting Contest
GEHRET PERFORMS WELL
Veteran August Jungblut Car
ries Oif Honors in Schuet
zen Club's Bnllseye Event
•There was considerable rivalry yes
terday among the marksmen who gath
ered at Schuetzen Park. W. F. Blasse
and J. Kullmann ran a very close race
at the pistol target for the L. C. Babin
trophy. Blasse bested his comrade by
Just one ring. ' The score of the winner
was 93, 88, 87—268, and Kullmann gave
him a close call with 91, 88, 88—267.
In the medal competition of the Grutll
Club Al Gehret did fine work, making
441 rings in his twenty-shot medal
string. His nearest competitor was A.
Studer, with 416 to his credit.
Captain F. Kommer showed the Tur
ners' Schuetzen that he could lead
them as well in shooting as in march
ing. The good score of 213 rings in his
ten-shot string was the highest on the
company target during the day's con
test.
In the bullseye shooting of the Cali
fcrnia Schuetzen Club the honors were
won by veterap August Jungblut, who
made the best center shot of the day
and was far ahead of all his competi
tors. So close was his shot to a dead
center that it required the use of a
measuring machine to determine its
exact distance from perfection.
The scores of the different organiza
tions taking part in the shooting fol
low:
San Francisco Grutll Schuetzen Section,
medal and bullseye shooting : Champion clas*—
Al Gehret 441 rings. A. Studec 416. Theo.
Simmen 395. First class— L. Hauser 329. b«c
on« class— E. Suter 367, O. Imdorf 355. Third
class— Charles Mueller 327, J. S. Leutenegger
200.
Bullseye contest— E. Suter, O. Imdorf, L.
Hauser, Al Gehret. -Theo. Slmmen. A. Defll-
Ippi. A. von Wyl, A. Studer. G. R. Hauser.
San Francisco Turners' Schuetzen Club,
monthly medal competition — Charles Sagehorn
97, 178; William Nolden 155, 125; Joseph
Straub 178, lttt; R. Finking 1S6. 184; Captain
F. Kommer 163, 213; C. Abraham 163. 173;
Otto BurmeiRter 203, 206; Captain F. Attinger
210. 18S; Adam Brehm 108, 138; Benjamin
Jonas 1S2, 202.
First, A. Jungblut, 273 points; second. Vf.
F. Blasse. 316; third, R. Finking, 310; fourth,
la. J. Reubold. 448; fifth. William Hartter, 450;
sixth. Max Kolander. 486; seventh. A. Studer,
529; eighth, WUUam Ehrenpfort, 591; ninth.
F. Wcrlen. 659; tenth. George Ahrens, 683;
eleventh, Frank Relde, 608; twelfth, H.
Scheunert. 741; thirteenth. A. Gehret, 748;
fourteenth, E. Woenne, .782; fifteenth. Otto
Bremer. SC2; sixteenth, M. F. Blasee. S5»>; sev
enteenth. Captain F. Attlnger. 887; eighteenth.
William Xolden. 911; nineteenth, J. L. Ctschig,
1050; twentieth, A. Strecker. 1002; twenty
first, John Jones, 1096; twenty-second. George
Tammcyer. 1129; twenty-third, T. J. Carroll,
1142; twenty-fourth, M. Reubold, 1147; twen
ty-fifth, Chris Meyer. 1155; twenty-sixth, John
Boiler. 1231; twenty-seventh, A. Rawyler.
1401; twenty-eighth, Adam Brehm. 1443;
twenty-ninth. A. von Wyl, 1464; thirtieth, A.
Bertel«en. 1176.
Cadets — Frank Bretner, 941; F. Bertelsen.
2250.
Pistol annex — Max Kolander 6B; George
Tammeyer. SO, 81; Frank Bremer, • 4S;
L. J. Keubold. 71; A. Studer, 62, 65; Emll
AVoenne. 7S; John Boiler, 58; T. Jj Carroll,
79, 70; W. F. Blas.«e. 81; Chris Meyer, 79, 74;
John L. ITtschig. 73. 80; O. A. Bremer, 73;
M. F. Hartter. C7.
Babin trophy — W. F. Blasse.
CADETS SHOOT IN GOOD FORM.
Boys From University of California
Make Good Scores at Shell Mound.
Some excellent shooting was done on
the rifle range at Shell Mound Park
Saturday afternoon by a picked team
from the University of California. The
boys are endeavoring to organize a
team which will be a credit to the uni
versity, and when this is accomplished
will issue challenges to other organiza
tions. At Saturday's shoot all scored
well, Burgess. and Gabriel leading with
47 points each' but of a possible 50. The
scores were as follows: Burgess 47,
McKennay 40, Hoedel 45, Bailey 42,
Thode 43. Maddox 42, J. C Whitman 42,
A. R. Whitman 40, Danlells 45, Black
42, Montgomery 46, Williamson 46, Ga
briel 47, Robertson 43, Turner 43 and
Peare 45.
Yesterday af ternoon^ the ranges were
occupied by Company A of the Irish
Volunteers and members of the Shell
Mound Pistol and Rifle Club. The mem
bers of the latter organization shot for
a trip to Mount Tamalpais, to be paid
for by the three lowest. Following are
the scores:
Company A, Irish Volunteers, month
ly medal shoot— Sergeant Dan Harnedy
40, Corporal M. O'Neill 35, Captain H.
P. Philgate 34, P. 'Kelly 33, M. Murphy
33, P. McDonough 30, M. Iveane 29, C.
O'Leary 27, Thomas Shaughnessy 25,
John Downs 23 and P. C. Crow 20.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club—
R. S. iWixson, 186, 193^-379; W. Slebe,
168, 190—359; L. A. Frates. 194/151—345;
J. A. Logue, 181. 155—336; Dr. L.V.
Frates, 138, 129- : -267; w: Guild, 155. 105—
260; P. A. Paulson, 115,; 82— 197. Best
first shot, Dr. L. V. Frates 23; best last
shot, J. A. Logue 24.
The Pointing of the Compass.
We commonly say that the pole of the
needle points toward the north. The
poets tell us how the needle is true to
the pole. Every reader, however, is
now familiar with the general fact of a
variation of the compass on our east
ern seaboard, «nd all the way across
the Atlantic, the north pointing of the
compass varies so far to the west that
a ship going to Europe and making no
allowance for this deviation would find
herself making, more nearly for the
North Cape than ■ for her destination.
The ''declination," as it is termed in
scientific language, varies from one re
gion of the earth to another. In some
places It is; toward the west, in others
toward the east.
The pointing of the needle in various
regions of the world la shown by means
of magnetic maps. Such maps are
published by the United States Coast
Survey, whose. experts make a careful
study . of , the magnetic force all over
the country. It is found that there is a
line running nearly north and south
through the middle States along which
there is no variation of the compass.
To the east of it the variation is west;
to the west of it, east. The most rapid
changes in the pointing of the needle
are toward the northeast and north-
west regions. When we travel to" the
northeastern boundary of Maine .the
westerly variation has risen to twenty
degrees. Toward : the northwest the
easterly variation continually increases,
until, in the northern part of the State
of it amounts to twenty
three degrees.— Harper's Magazine.
INVITING CARD
OF ATHLETICS
Devotees of Outdoor Pastimes
Given Varied Programme
From Which to Choose
MANY IMPORTANT EVENTS
Carnival of Water Sports at
Mare Island Is Postponed
Owing to Weather Conditions
Washington's birthday will be an
important occasion for the lovers of
sports and outdoor pastimes. If the
weather permits there will be a score
of interesting athletic events in and
about the city, including racing, polo,
association football, tennis, golf and
coursing.
The carnival of water sports and
proposed maneuvers of the submarine
boats. Grampus and Pike, scheduled
to take place at Mare Island to-day,
have been "postponed owing to the
threatening condition of the weather.
The California Derby will be run
at the Oakland track this afternood.
A likely field has been entered for the
big event and It promises to be one
of the attractions of the season at the
track across the bay. A large crowd
will likely make the journey from this
city, as all the principal places of bus-
iness will be closed.
The remaining rounds of the Belle
Brandon cup, and the California
plate, together with a thirty-two dog
consolation stake, will be run down
at Union Coursing Park. All the
champion hounds are carded. A great
day's sport will surely result from the
meeting-. At Ingleside the remaining
rounds of the seventy-two dog stake
will be completed.
Two games of association football
are scheduled to take -place at the
Presidio athletic grounds this after
noon. The first will be played at 1
o'clock between the Occidental foot
ball team and an eleven from the Oc
cidental Athletic Club. "At 2:30 the
noted Thistle team will line up against
the Hornets of Oakland.
At the" Hotel del Monte the polo
players will gather for another great
game. All the cracks will appear in
the struggle for final honors. Special
trains will be run to Del Monte to
accommodate the large crowd that is
expected to journey to the sea shore
for a day's outing.
T'he tennis champions from this city
and Alameda County will struggle for
glory on the courts of the East Oak
land Tennis Club. The tournament will
be one of the most important of the
early spring and all devotees of the
racket will be present to either take
part in the matches or act as specta
tors. The first match will be played
at 9 a. m.
There will be an eighteen-hole qual
ifying golf match over the Presidio
links, beginning this morning. All the
local players have entered. "On the
San Rafael links competition matches
for men and women are expected to
attract a large crowd. Play will com
mence at 3 a. m.
Rabbi to Pray In Senate.
Edward Everett Hale has Invited
Dr. Philipson of the Hebrew College
in Cincinnati to fill the chaplain's
place tn the Senate for one day. This
Is the first time in nearly thirty yeara
that, a Jewish rabbi has offered prayer
in the Senate. In order to find a
precedent for it the officers of the
Senate have* to go back to 1S77, dur
ing the time when Thomas W. Ferry
of Michigan was President pro* tern.
Dr. Hale is the first chaplain of the
Senate who has not been a member
of one of the evangelical denomina
tions. The Senate recognizes no par
ticular brand of religion, but prior to
Dr. Hale's mcumbency it would have
been possible to count on one's fin
gers the number of prayers that had
been offered by Roman Catholic, Uni
tarian or Jewish clergymen. — New
York Globe.
It is suggested that the height of the
Mississippi's floods could be dimin
ished, with great incidental profit to
agriculture, by. building reservoirs in
its western branches. .
ADVERTISEMENTS*
THF
CLEAR HAVANA
CHAS. MATTHEAS ft CO*
Dlxtrnratexs, San rnndscfe
1314
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ ___'_-•
FOUR. BIG STORE5
Special Saving Sale^all the week
(No Special Sale goods, sent C. O. D.)
After the holidays there's ofter» a dull time —
these prices are to liven up -a bit — good for
you too. Let us help you save money on.
household expenses.
E.g'g£s — Regularly 30c * dozen 25
Meats— Bacon— G. B. & Co. kind, reg'ly 20c -lb. 16
Ham— G. B. & Co. kind (3 days only) Ib. V>Y*
Corn on Cob— 8 ears - -.- 50
What a luxury, corn-on-cob in midwinter I
Asp aragtxs— Sunbeam, reg'ly 25c 20
A/Dules — For good pies, 3 tins, 25c Case 24 tins 1 90
t$a.rdines — Arzano boneless, large tins— reg'ly 30c 25
Feu- Fish i S pa ". medium tins. — " 22><c 20
caught last year .
-tempting prices Judic — good of the kind, small tins, 3 for 25
Finnan Haddies-^Boneless -Ib 20
Finest tasting smoked fish — a real delicacy
Norway Bloated Mackerel
10-lb 12-lb IS-Ib
fat Som f weigh 2 xxxxx ..£% S£ £% $ *$\ 0 *£*«
as \oa' 11 notfsnd such yyyy ■> -z * a nn in nn %n sn
.batter mackerel in ordinary stores g^S^^M^j?$ f 9 g
/ XX 1 75 2 SO 34 00 17 50
Holland Herring3— Regularly $1.35 keg 125
3 dozen fish — all milchners
Kippered Herrings — Moir's English - tin 20
Regularly 25c tin, $2.1$ doz ; dpzen 2 V
Anchovies in Oil-D & G, small bot. reg'ly 30c. 20
Apricots — evaporated — two kinds 15 and 20
Regularly 20c and 25c — Go farther than canned fruit —
nothing so gcoi for children as stewed fruit.
Oregon Prunes— Italian variety 5 lbs. 25
These tart prunes are appetizing and improve other foods.
French Peas — little green ones,reg'ly 1.5 and 3O.-tin, 12^
Like you find at the Palace Grill or Marchand's 25
Tea and Coffee : There are many kinds of tea —
Ceylon, China, Japan, Good, Bad and Indifferent. You buy
' the first four here.
Good enough tea is sold for $1 — some as low as 30c— better
pay the dollar though— it's worth the difference in price — •
there's more satisfaction in it — and flavor besides. 7c
AH regular $ 1 Teas this week
Coffee— Java and Mocha, .2 lbs, 73
Oar Coffee has helped us succeed. It makes particular folks
our customers, i Good household Coffee 6 lbs. 1 00
CracRers-Nabisco-8 flavors, reg'ly 30c. 22}4c tin. ..doz 2 50
American Biscuit Co. Extra Sodas, lb. 7c. }i box 55
Dainty Chips, reg'ly 20c carton 15
you Matzos 3 lbs ZS
need Philippine— Hiintley-Palmers' English reg'ly 75c lb 53
nic* Here you'll also rind hundey-Palmers' English Biscuits,
Bii-CUTb Peek Frean & c .. s En<Jish'»Vafers, Gericke's Potsdam
Salzstengel — Sale sticks eaten by the Roy«J Family of ..
Germany.
Smyrna Figs— Regularly $1.20 5# Ib. box 90
Cereals— University Rolled Oats, reg'ly 15c, 2 lb. carton 10
University Mush-Wheat, full weight, 2 lb. carton 10
Grape Nuts .....4 pkgs. 45
Candy — Huylers' Lovvneys' Mailliards' Fine Candies.
French Glac6 Fruits, assorted, reg'ly 50c. ......lb- 35
figs, prunes, red pears, white pears.
French Mixed Bonbons-Chocolates reg'ly 40 c-lb. 35
Caramels, 40c kind lb. 30
Dover eg'g beater, Washboard,
*^j£m^r l$ fm.ll North Star.regularly 50 35
Galvanized Bucket Small California " 25 20
12 qt., reg'ly, 40c 30 Large " " 60 40
Parlor Broom— Regularly 40 30
T n ;if>t Pat»#»t» Reg'ly Dozen Case 100
iOiletfaper Empire (Pkg) $1.00 75c. 6 00
i Glenwood (Roll) .. 1.00 75c. 5 75
Wine — Claret — 3 years old, gallon 3sc Dozen quarts 1 90
Reg'ly 50c gal. $2.35 qts. $1.65 pts. dozen pints 1 25
Wine aids digestion and benefits you. Allowance for empty
bottles— 5 0c dozen quarts, 30c dozen pints.
Cherries in Marasqtiin— reg'ly 50c qt 45
Ginger Ale— Cochrane & Co., Belfast, reg'ly $1.50.. 1 35
Old Port— Imported, regularly $1 cjuart 70
A real cordial wine, regularly $4 gallon 3 00
A tawny stimulant especially valuable for the aged and convalescent.
WKisRey— Old Mellow Rye
54 Pint Pint Quart Dozen Gallon
8 years Regularly 25 50 $1 $10.50 $4
old Special 20 40 75* 8 3
Old Scotch Lochindaal
Regularly $1.15 $12.50 $4.50
Special 90 10.25 * 3.75
•Signature Ctirio WnisRey— Bottle 3 50
20 years old when bottled in 1901 — Bourbon and Rye.
Pousse-Cafe— Marie Brizard and Roger— France
Fine Old Cordial, regularly, $1.50 quart 1 15
We received it in glass instead of stone — this price to sell it quickly.
Champagne Quart Dor. Qt». pint Case 24 Pint*
Cook/s Regularly, $1.50 $16.00 $ .80 $18.00
Imperial Special, 1:25. 13.50 65 15.50
CommendadorPortand) RegularIy/ £-j . eg.
Emperador SKerry (Special, 1.55 is
25 years in wood — Fine old goods
Bay Rum— 8oz. quart Decanter
Regularly 35 75 85 Ffrench's, qt. 60
Special 25 60 ; 60 " " 50
Sheffield's Dentifrice— regularly 15c— 2 tubes 25
Pear's Soap— Glycerine-3 cks, 40c. Unscented, 3 cks. 35
Farina Cologne— Short bottle, reg'ly 55c 40
Violet (veeolay) extracts, ass'd odors, reg'ly $1, l#oz. bt 80
Crown Lavender Salts— Large, reg'ly 50c 35
Small, " 30c........ 20
Cigars
Money to be made by smoking our cigars. TEN SPECIALS
shown in the Sutter Street Store window, this entire week. Every
week something new. Make money by saving. See the new Cigar
display pavilion at Pine Street Store.
432 PINE STREET • Telephone Private Exchange 1 San Franrf*™
232 SUTTER " "' " »» 100 ,, "^Cisco
2829 CALIFORNIA STREET Telephone West 101 ##,'##■
Coraer.lJth and Clay Sts., Telephone Main 1 Oakland
Stoic Diamond Pin.
Thomas Reynolds, 18 years of age,
was arrested last night and booked at
the Central station on a charge of
Brand larceny for stealing a diamond
pin from James P. Mulhern, a letter-
carrier, residing at 1625 Polk street
Mulhern savs he and Reynolds were
doing the north end and seeing the
easy side of that part of the city when
Reynolds prabbed his diamond pin,
valued at ?<t>, and ran away with it
down Kearny street. Mulhern gave
chase and his shouts brought Officers
Flynn, Evatt and Wren to 'the scene
and the whole bunch joined "In hot pur
suit. Flynn overtook the flying culprit
at the correr of Montgomery and Mer
chant streets. The pin in the meantime
had disappeared in the scrimmage and
has not been . found.
Tr»pper'» OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, -FEBRUARY 22. 1904.
SAYS PRISON CELLS SHOULD NEVER
BE KNOWN TO YOUTHFUL OFFENDERS
Judge B. B. Lindsey of Juvenile Court of Denver Delivers Instruc
tive Speech Before the State Conference of Charities and Cor
rections, Which Opens Its Third Annual Session in This City
The third annual session ef the State
Conference of Charities and Correc
tions was begun last night at the First
Unitarian Church, corner of Geary and
Franklin streets. Frank J. Symmes,
president of the conference, rresided.
The edifice was crowded with an inter
ested audience.
Preliminary sessions were held yes
terday morning. Dr. Samuel G. Smith
occupied the pulpit of the First Con
gregational Church and Ben B. Lind
sey, Judge of the Juvenile Court of
Denver, talked at the First Presbyte
rian Church.
The conference will cover three days,
sessions being held in the mornings,
afternoons and evenings. Last night
at the G-pening of the conference, Pres
ident Symmes made' the opening ad
dress and gave a brief outline of the
work accomplished by the charities of
the State.
Judge Lindsey, the originator of the
Juvenile Court, spoke on "The Child
and the State." Judge Lindsey came
all the way from Colorado to tell the
people of California what has been
done and what can be done In the mat
ter of child training— the care of chil
dren who are criminally inclined.
BAD INFLUENCES.
Judge Lindsey is deemed one of the
best authorities, if not the best, in the
United States on the subject. He has
addressed many such conferences in all
parts of the .country and has been in
dorsed by all of them. He said in part:
The problem Is a vast one. The boys of to
day are the men of to-morrow. The boys may
have started on their career of crime throuKh
bad home influences. Improper training or by
associating with bad companions. The punish
ment of these corrupted individuals U not a
successful method of preventing them from
committing crimes. In the cases of con
firmed criminals this Is all that can be done.
Every year the number cf inmates in the re
formatories is Increased, one-half of them,-be
ing little boys and girls. English prison offi
cials report that the years between the ages
of 10 and 20 are the criminal years, and that
between 10 and 16 years is the most essential
time for the curbing of the young man or girl
and Influencing his or her character in such a
manner that they are taken from the clutches
of criminal instincts.
There are from three to five times as many
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO PATRIOTS
Rev. William Rader Reviews
American Advancement Since
Period of George Washington
"From Washington to Roosevelt" was
the subject of " a sermon. by the Rev.
William Rader at tha Third CongVe
gational Church last evening.;
Th'e pulpit was /adorned with several
handsome silk American flags and in the
front rows were seated 100' members
of the cadet corps of the Third Con
gregational Church with their officers,
Captain R. B. Moore, In command, First
Lieutenant A. A. Moore and ' Second
Lieutenant W. C. Olsen. • 4
The Rev. Mr. Rader said that upon
that occasion he wished particularly
to devote his thoughts to the cadets,
and to the many other young "men
present. The history of George Wash
ington, he said, was Inspiring to the
youth of to-day. ;The great, man's,
career was dramatic and began in
early life. , '. . .' j
He asked them "to think of .the. great
things that have been achieved in' tha
land since George Washington; .was
President, since the 'day when in New
York City he was received with accla
mation by the populace and took the
oath as the first President of this re
public, which to-day is' a world power.
Dr. Rader ventured to say that if
Washington could return" he would bs
much surprised at the enormous ad
vancement, with the material growth
of the country, with its population of
nearly 80,000,000 souls. He asked his
congregation to contrast the early days
with the present, the first' navy with
the powerful sea force now, the first
army of brave men with the greater,
army that had . done service , at the
time of the Civil War and in the Philip
pines and. Cuba. Could 'George} Wash
ington come to us he would behold_ the
flag reaching far over , the r seas and
wcUld realize that San Francisco Is
the center of commerce. He would ap-'
predate, indeed,; how -.well ? he laid ; the.
foundation of this great republic
Then, said the Rev. Mr. Rader, \ the
MINISTER AND LAYMAN
WHO WILL DISCUSS
QUESTION OF CHARITIES.
children in proportion to the populations by
ages arrested 'every twelve months in the
large cities of this country as there are adults.
To reform a child by putting it in Jail is as
wise as It would be to attempting to cure It
of an illness by putting it in the way of in
fection. A child found guilty of disorderly
conduct should be placed under the observa
tion of a probation officer for a certain definite
term. The officer makes visits to the neigh
borhood in which the child lives and finds out
how it is conducting itself. Once every two
weeks the little offender is requested to report
to the court, bringing with it a -statement
from the school teacher as to what he or she
has accomplished at the Institution of learning.
MONEY SAVED TO STATE.
The probation system in Denver has been a
blessing. During the first two years of the
court's existence more than 500 children were
found guilty of disorderly conduct, placed .on
probation and required to report every two
weeks. Only ten per cent of the entire num
ber of ■ children brought to this court were
sent to State industrial schools. The State of
Colorado, its Governor said, has been saved
the sum bf $f-8,CC0 in less than a year and a
half by the juvenile court.
• One • can reason with the youngsters, end
many of them, if placed on- probation, realize
best way to honor George Washington
is to do the thing that he would have
all do— love the flag and never lay stain
upon it.
Patriotism, he said, did -not mean
carrying a chip on one's shoulder and
challenging others to knock it off. He
did not like to see that spirit and the
man who did that was not much of a^
patriot, 'but was. instead,, very much'
of a coward. What was needed in the
practice of patriotism was • peace
peace that should be" filtered down into
the trusts and the labor unions, and
the home, and every man should lovo
his country from the standpoint of
peace.
The country, .said the Rev. Mr. Rader,
has had at least four great Presidents-
George Washington^ "the framer"; ;
Abraham Lincoln, "the defender";
William* McKinley, . "the expander,"
and Theodore Roosevelt, "the in
terpreter,"' and as , the -'interpreter"
the ' name - of Roosevelt will,' too, go
down in history. . f:t)
Lines From, the Log Book of thc.Cal
"• : lfornla Limited.
"Instead of; the California Limited,
why not call this train the 'Wings of
Time'? I left San ■ Francisco Friday
morning, 'January 4, and here I am, near
home again, after staying forty-seven
hours. in Chicago — thus 'ere missed from
my accustomed haunts' I have transact
ed business in .Chicago and passed
through 6000 milesof space without en
countering one jarring incident. Surely,
I. have. been on the 'Wings of , Time.'
Long last the Santa Fe!" — Chas. A. 51c-
Lane, Mills building, San Francisco. •
Says Reports AVere . Approved.
A. H. Beebe, president and manager
of the Columbia Bowling Association,
who Is about to be charged with with
holding funds, of the association,
made the following statement yester
day: ;
| .'-'The suit filed is by the Columbia
Bowling Association against' L. B.
Mayer et al. . to prevent said; Mayer
from interfering with -.the. affairs of
the corporation. lam still the presi
dent and manager of the. corporation
and a financial report has been sub
mitted to 1 the directors at the regular
monthly, meetings. All reports have
been - approved, save the report of the
present month, which hasnot yet been
presented. -
v Exposition Special.
;<V 4 Ono/of, our .$6.00 Trunks will be : Just
the thing to take with you to the'Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk Is $9.50. A. B. Smith Co., 132
Ellis at ... . •
the trust being placed In them and turn out
all right.
Following the talk by Judge Lindsey,
■which was lengthy and full of excellent
advice as to the best method for caring
for and training the young incorrigl
bles, a discussion was opened by Su
perior Judge Murasky of the Juvenile
Court of San Francisco. The discussion
was interesting, many prominent
judges and educators taking part.
Dr. Dorothea Moore spoke on "The
Detention Homes of the State."
PROGRA3IME FOR TO-DAY.
To-day, at 11 a. m. t the conference
will be continued, and the following
programme will be rendered:
11 a. m.— "The City and County Hospital
of San FranclHCo." Papers by Dr. Emmet
Rixford and Dr. William Watt Kerr: dis
cussion opened by Dr. James W. Ward, presi
dent of the Board of Health, and Dr. A. "W.
Clark.
Address by John Chetwood on the legal
aspect of the "Hospital Site Question."
Dr. George B. Somers. chairman of the
meeting.
2:30 p. m. — "Modern Methods in the Care
ana Treatment of Insane." F. W. Hatch.
M. D., General Superintendent of State Hos
pitals. Discussion opened by Dr. A. W. Hols
hold of the Stockton State Hospital.
"The Needs of the State Home for Feeble-
Mlnded Children." by "William J. G. Daw
son M.D.. medical superintendent.
8' p m. — "The Charities Indorsement Com
mittee and Its Aims." Andrew M. Davis,
president of the charities Indorsement com
mittee of San Francisco.
"What the Associated Charities Stands
For." Dr. Samuel G. Smith of St. Paul. Dis
cussion opened by Osgood Putnam, president
of the Associated Charities of San Francisco.
Dr. Smith, who Freaks to-night on
the subject of "What the Associated
Charities Stand For," is from St. Paul,
having brcn brought here especially,
that he might give his views on chari
ties before the conference. He is vice
president of the National Conference of
Charities, vice president of the National
Prison Association, professor of soci
ology in the University of Minnesota
and pastor of the People's Church. Last
year he declined a call to the West
minster Congregational Church of Lon
don, England, the largest church of
that denomination in that city, because
of interests growing out of twenty-five
years' residence in St. Paul.
ANNIVERSARY
IS OBSERVED
Interesting 1 Services Held by
the Young Men's Christian
Association in This City
The First Congregational Church, at
the corner of Post, and Mason streets,
was crowded last evening, the occasion j
being the celebration of the fiftieth an
niversary of the ■ institution of the
Young Men's Christian Association. An
excellent and interesting programme,
including addresses by leading digni
taries of the association, was arranged
and the service was one long to be re
membered by those that attended.
Right Rev. J. W. Hamilton, resident
Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, delivered the principal address.
The Bishop laid particular stress on
the obligations of young men that as
pire to a higher life and of the tempta
tions that confront them. His sermon
was interspersed with illustrations
from existing conditions and was most
heartily "appreciated. In addition, the
Bishop spoke of the wonderful ad
vancement the association had made
in matters of religion, morals and edu
cation and of the benefits derived by
men — both young and old — from its
labors. . The night schools, attended by
thousands who have no other source
of enlightenment, was one of the prin
cipal subjects of the discourse and th«
necessity of sustaining this adjunct
was emphasized.
The exercises opened with an organ
prelude, after which the choir rendered
a selection, "The God of Israel." A
reading of, the first psalm and prayer,
followed by Rev. George C. Adams,' and
hymns and offerings occupied the time
'until Bishop Hamilton's remarks. H. J.
McCoy, secretary of the local associa
tion,; then made a brief statement, fol
lowing the lines pursued .by : Bishop
Hamilton and relating incidents of the
work that has been accomplished in
this city. Mr. McCoy spoke of the
crowded: condition of: the night school
and of the duty of those that cared for
the advancement of j moral and intel
lectual training to ■ expand the '■ facilities
for,'learning. /
. "There are hundreds of earnest, hard-
ADVEBTISEHENTS^ . _^^
Ribbons, Laces
- d Embroideries
FRENCH PRINTED CHALYS.
mis week we will show our Spring Importation of
NEW FRENCH CHALYS. TUB varied Is Yero ei-
tenslYe, Including small and medium polka dots, fancrj
stripes, small figures and floral designs. The goods
are from tns nest manufacturer In France.
; NEW RIBBONS.
Our new stock of FANCY and PLAIN RIBBONS
have Just Deen opened. Tne assortment Is yerg large
and includes Taffeta BroGades, from one to six Inches
wldej Strips! Taffetas, all widtnsj Pompadour R1U-
tons, five and six Inches In width, and a most complete
stock of Fancu Wash Rlfinons.
NEW LACES.
This week we will exhlhit an elegant YarletD ot
NEW LACES in Venice, Tenerlffe and Oriental All-
OYers, with Galons, Bands and Edgings to match.
Full assortment of NEW WOOD FIBRE BANDS In Doth
hlack ani cream, also jbl large shlpm2nt of NEW LACE
COLLARS in Venice and hand- made silk, also a great
Yarietu of LACE STOCK COLLARS-
* NEW EMBROIDERIES.
Our importation of FINE FRENCH EMBROIDERIES
fo? Spring 1904 is now complete. Then come In all
widths of Edgings and Insertlngs with AlloYers to
match. The makes are Nainsook, Swiss and Camhrlc,
We haye also a large stock of Lace Trimmed Flounc-
Ings and Fancu Embroidered Galons.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
RIDER NARROWLY ESCAPES
BEING KILLED BY A CAR
Louis McNally Races Alons Railroad
Track and Receives Broken Leg
in Collision. •
Louis McNally narrowly escaped
death last night by colliding with an
electric car in South San Francisco.
As a result of the collision he received
a broken leg, while the horse he was
riding was instantly killed.
McNally, who claims to have been a
jockey, was riding through Butcher
town with three friends. They were all
under the influence of alcohol.
While meandering along the track at
a moderate speed one of the brave
riders espied an electric car speeding on
its way southward. McNally likewise
sighted the oncoming car and through
his half ciosed orbs it looked to him
like a horse flying down the home
stretchr With jaws set he dug his
spurs into his .unwilling steed and
joined the race. For a time it looked to
McNally like a sure thing and he was
coming in on the money a 1 to 2 shot.
In an attempt to foul his fast adver
sary he crossed in front. Instead of
cutting the car off, however, there wa3
a crash.
The dust finally settled and McNally
was sent to the Receiving Hospital.
He had broken his leg, but the horse
had fared worse. The noble animal
had gone his last race, for his remains
were found lying along the last fifty
yards of the stretch.
PERSONAL^
Fulton G. Berry of Fresno is at the
Grand.
Dr. C. W. Kellogg of Bakersfield is at
the Grand.
D. J. McFall, a mining man of Ne
vada, is at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner A. C. Irwln
of Marysville is at the Lick.
Denman Thompson, the veteran
actor, is registered at the Palace.
J. D. Fraser, a lumber man of Sac
ramento, arrived at the Grand yester
day.
Dr. Edward W. Patterson of the
United States navy is at the Occi-
dental.
*R. C. Denniston and C. J. H.
Weinke, hotel proprietors of Seattle,
are registered at the Grand.
D. T. Hanbury of London, who has
been hunting: In Alaska and at the
same time gathering data for a book. Is
at the Palace.
George S. Mearns, formerly engaged
in business In this city and now* min
ing in Alaska, arrived from the north
yesterday and Is^ at the Lick.
H. M. Pearce, general freight agent
of the Chicago, St. Paul and Minne
apolis Railway, arrived from Minne
apolis yesterday and "is at the Palace.
working men and boys among us to
day," said the secretary, "that are
pleading to be given an: opportunity to
be taken into our night school. It is a
matter of regret that I have to refuse
them or to oblige them to wait until I
have accommodations for them, but it
i3 inevitable, and those that have the
interests of the young and the associa
tion at heart should pay heed and do
something to relieve this congested
state of affairs." .
The services ended with a benediction
and an organ postlude.
I Dollar jj*
I Premium L j 1 coffees
I Free "^^e 68 !;
M with Each w^-^i, nl j t\
3 worth Powder |j
:| Qt^* They are Beauties p [j
thousand kinds jfa H
%m to SeIect from - *il*!
| Great American Importing Tea Co'si
1 XC Stores 1
I 861 Market SlO Grant sr. 1419 Polk 1 1
I 140 Sixth 1819 D«vlMd«n» TO5 LtrUa H
|475Hai«ht S006Sixteenth 855 HayM I
33233 Mission £21 JTrmtfr'y »t«. Z2 JfarVet I
32008 Fillmor* 2S18 Mission 146 Ninth i]
■^ 866 Third 2732 »4th 469I*onrth |g
OOOOQOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOO
• Grand Closing Ovt «
| AUCTION I
® OP CHOICE AN'TIQUB ®
g ORIENTAL J
g TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 23 §
• "'-And DAILT TH13 TVEEK O
AT 2:30 P. M. ©
Thla 1» your opportunity, aa tha en- 0
O tire collection must ba sold out tola 0
0 week. 0
|Mihran%F«« 2 sL.|
Thin babies become plump
babies when frd with Mellin's
Food. . Mellin's Food nour-
Whether you nurse your baby or n«e Mel-
lin's Food you will find our book, " Tho
Care and Feeding of Infants," very useful.
Simply write for it. It will be sent free. ,
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE VARRANTED