-THE WEATHER.
Forecast rr.afie at Ean Francisco for
thirty hours endln* mlftnlrht. JCorem
*'-'..¦¦¦.' 1
ber 4:
Ean Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy
Friday, probably shower*; brisk south
east wind. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, IRRIDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1904.
GRAND JURY CITES ELECTION COMMISSION
PLIGHTS TROTH IN FLORflL CHftPEL
ALICE RUTHERrQRD WEDS
Lono Aisle of White
Leads way to Aftar
Financier Rids Himself of Garment
Stolen From Ascoli and Subse
quently Purchased by Him.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3. — The ancient
ecclesiastical cope, which was stolen
from the cathedral of Ascoli, Italy,
two years ago and later, purchased by
J. P. Morgan, has-been presented to
th<» Italian Government by Morgan.
The presentation was made througti
Baron: Despianches. the Italian Era
bassador. who called by appointment
on Morgan in this city to-day.
-;The cope is now In the Victoria and
Albert Museum at South Kensington.
England., to which institution 1 It was
loaned by Morgan.
Grants Right of Eminent Domain.
MANILA. .Nov. 3. —^The Philippine
Commission has granted the right of
eminent domain to railroad companies
ixoldin*' charters.
ers a promise that Foster would be re-J
moved ;: if the ' applicants could ; prove
that" a ; certain ', voter, of Foster's " ac
quaintance > had voted: under another
name In* Foster's presence^at's the last
primary; election. ': In "• the •:; meantime
Foster," together t with 1 George -. Adler,'
accused ; of > a 'similar ¦ offense,'; has been
asked* tpf appear/ to-night- before the
board' to* face the charges of Hazel and
Maris.M :, ', . ¦!::_:¦-: •.;, ~i' : ' i: "'-:' : -~-:\
: -j Citations ; have ; been 5 issued ~l by ;- the
Registrar -to'.voters^o fill vacancies- in
the .various ; election^ precincts.' ' ¦ . . _'" : '
Sends 3Icssage ; on the First Anniver
sary of -Isthmian Inde- \- ' .
i [pendence.
.'WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— rPresident
, Roosevelt • to-day transmitted through
the* State .-, Department . the following
cablegram, to "President Amador, 'Pan
ama:;.;- .-' ¦. .: /* ¦'/_ ••:}
'To President r Amador, Manama:" 1 Accept the'
felicitations of " this Oovemment. on . the first
anniversary of Panama independence. < .
: ¦'. . • ,i -'¦- THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
MORGAN PRIZSENTS COPE
TO ITALIAN GOVERNMENT
PRESIDENT CONGRATULATES
THE. REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
For a long time Logan was the mas
ter mind of the Hoi e-ln-the- Wall gang.
The* reward" for the' bandits, dead or
alive, has ;been • increased to - $10,000.
The sum ;has : been made up by Colonel
Cody,- the citizens of the 'State, the
banks, of the State and other. concerns
and ; will ; probably 'be increased in - a
day or two."" ¦
open country between the Cottonwood,
Grass, Gooseberry and Owl creeks.
The fact developed to-day that the
outlaws after i leaving Cody Tuesday
traveled over the main county road to
within five miles of this place, then
made a detour to the southwest and eu
tered the ; main road again six ; miles
out. They have since traveled by the
main road. This boldness, on the part
of the robbers cannot be accounted for.
Colonel William F. Cody will not Join
the man hunt. He will leave to-morrow
with his English and other guests for a
hunt in the wilds northwest of Cody.
CHEYENNE, Nov. 3.— The officials
of the United States Marshal's office
here are convinced that the shorter of
the two', men " who , endeavored to - rob
the bank at Cody Is Harvey Logan, the
notorious train robber, and that it was
Logan who killed' the. cashier. Logan
was supposed to have been killed- in
Colorado - about . four months ago," but
men who knew him. state ; that he was
In Cody several days before , the ¦ at
tempted robbery which resulted In the
murder of Cashier Middaugh. Logan
is a dead. shot, is armed with auto
matic guns and ; can hardly b«> taken
aiive.'iMMBB0iBPQ8BBnHHS!BBE|
CODY, Wyo., Nov. 3.— The different
posses hunting the men who killed the
cashier of the First National Bank
here "have the robbers practically'sur
rounded'in 'the foothills of the Owl
Creek Mountains, fifty miles from here,
and -the death' or capture of the out
lawswithlna short time is certain. "It
Is reported' that , a large force of their
friends are: coming to their assistance
from the Hole in the Wall country, and
a number of men have left here to rein
force . the pursuers.
Buffalo Bill's Indian; scouts and cow
boys! have taken 'the trail and a lively
time may be expected. Colonel Cody's
retainers J* are . heavily armed and are
determined .to get «the robbers. The
bandits have cut all the telephone wires
leading, through the basin, and It is al
most impossible to get further facts.
LANDER; Wyo., Nov. 3.—Prepara
tions are being made : by. the military
authorities i at '-. Fort Washakle to have
the ' two I troops of ; the -Tenth Cavalry
stationed there take the field at a mo
ment's notice In pursuit: of f the two
Cody, outlaws.;. The bandits are within
a'l few/ miles * of the , boundary of - the
Wind ¦; River .*¦ reservation, and ..' if- they
succeed In eluding their pursuers • will
cross ; over i Into the Indian " reservation
on] to" Government 1 land.V In this, event
the colored. troopers from this post will
join in the man hunt.
-THERMOPOLIS, Wyo., Nov. 3.—
Sheriff - Fenton '¦'¦¦-. of Big Horn County
came" in ; to : nleht from ; the chase after
the outlaws. ; He had a conference with
Sheriff . Stough of Fremont County, and
the , two ' officers will ¦ leave again } in j the
morning for; the Bad i Lands, /In • the vi
cinity, of ITarbyl Creek, east of the Big
Hornr River/: where Fenton believes he
has '; the \ outlaws I surrounded; . The * ; of
ficers iWill ;endeavor, to* prevent the;rob
bers i from penetrating: « the i Interior.' of
the % Lands, for ' oncet Inside J their
capture i would"- became , an i extremely,
hazardous *, task." i : T : , !"• '¦'..¦'" v
During.? the day , posses patrolled the
PORTLAND, Ore., Nov. 3.— After
four years' absence, and after his wife
had read a newspaper notice of his
death,. J. "vVinneld -Klmmis, .^formerly
manager of » the' Tinker , Hotel of Lone
Beach, Wash., returned to the city last
evening. - . Learning •• that . his : wife had
again married -he- has not yet been to
see her. She was married ,a\ month
ago to Henry Klippel of the City En
gineer's department. ,
Kimmis, ¦ who was' once known all
along this 1 coast, mysteriously j disap
peared in 1900. His wife read in a Kan
sas ¦ City> paper of I his death s and con
sidered herself a -widow. ;\To.- make
things i certain she went to California,
lived i there a year and " procured a di
vorce. :
Special Dispatch to Th* CaH.
BERLIN, Nov. 3. — The ' German
Government is in full sympathy with
the proposal of the United States for a
treaty of arbitration between, the
United States and Germany and there
seems no doubt that a treaty will be
arranged at an early date. The For
eign Office received the proposal from
the American embassy only, a few days
ago.
With Secretary Hay's
Proposal.
Berlin Government tn : Full Sympathy
GERMANY- AND AMERICA
WILL AGREE TO ARBITRATE
Posses Making- a Vigorous
Search of Wyoming Wilds
for Man "Who Shot Cashier
OregOll Man Disappears and
Wife Belie viiig Him Dead
Takes Another Husband
: \>W.- H: Hazel and William Marls ap
peared : before 1, the',. Commissioners fc to
request'- the ?, removal qn-their own rec-'
ommendation bf^W- J.VFoster^an'.elec
tion officer- In; the' Fourth ;• Precinct • of
the , Thirty-ninth r District.
They obtained from - the Commission-
In the matter of the Chinese list submitted
by the Merchants' Association, the tame wa»
carefully counter-checked and canvassed by a
deputy from this offlc«v who was accompanied
by. Detective George McMahon. • a request haw-
Ing been made by this office upon Chler Witt
man that he furnish such assistance for means
of pcsitlve Identification. Out of a total' of
132 names, all cf which are submitted as being
disqualified for one reason or another, this of
fice finds that. 105 are correct In every particu
lar: that four of the names submitted. In your
Chinese list are those of white men; that nine
have moveJ away, to parts unknown, and that
fourteen are not known at all. '-
• The department of elections In following out
the law. and in pursuing lt» usual course ¦ in
connection . with purging . the roll, has .taken
«very precaution < to ; prevent Illegal voting by
false registration or other means on Tuesday
next. It will bo evident from the' brief report
I have been able to make above that you have
been misled to a great extent In 'the matter of
the reports you " have gathered upon the names
submitted. Tie Board of • Election •iCommls
oloners,' Is - keenly alive to the good - motives
which would actuate .any public . body In as
sisting the work of : purging the roll, but It
may not be amiss to point out - by these com
parison* that- the Information which the Mer
chants' Association has been able to gather,
Independent of this' department, has not been
reliable. '-
. Permit me to state. In closing, i that your re
quest '¦ for four hundred > watchers*, tickets - has
been received - and the ¦ same responded - to by
rending four hundred and fifty tickets' to your
headquarters. Very. sincerely yours. •, i ¦
GEORGE P. ADAMS. Registrar of, Voters. "
As you will obswrve by an Inspection of this re^
port, but few other names remain to be accounted
for. In one^ instance ycu have a name down as
tusene H. Membrandt, when his proper name
the name under which he Is registered, is
Memhardt. Frank Wlmpislng and Seraflno An
selml, on your list as. gone, have both died
since registering. , .-*
In connection with another list submitted we
have fauna .that A. J. Mllliken moved from S20
Bush street to 305 Taylor street, having
changed his registration at the proper time
and therefore being entitled to vote The
same obtains In the case of P. O. F. Schmidt
who moved from 520 Bu*h street to 23S Kearny
and cf O. T. Lubblck. who moved from B22'4
Bush street to 708 California. D. B. Manson
C22% Bush street, moved- to 623. California
street and changed his registration. --. James
Carr of &i Sacramento street moved to 1C.VSA
Howard street and changed bis registration.
S. E. Knowles, 319 First street, moved- to 3<»
First street and changed his registration
Judson Hanna of S71 Market street was ad
dressed as Judson Danna. J. Ellis of 613 Sacra
mento street ' moved to SOT Kearny street
changing nis registration according to the pro
visious of the law." /, . - .
pactryman at the hospital. James J. Tom-
Iin, rrported gone, is also a pantryman at
the hospital. John . Lynch, reported gone, is
an orderly at the hospital.
RETURNS HOME
WHEN TOO LATE
HOT IN PURSUIT
OF THE BANDITS
William C. Pruett.- reported gone. Is a house
doctor of the hospital. - Henry rj. ' Ryan, re
ported gone. Is a patient now In the • hospital
Charles M. Roger*, reported doubtful, has
charge of the nurses' dining-room at the hos
pital. William F. Rummell.: reported gone, is
employed - In tb« drugstore of the -: hospital.
John Smith reported gone,, is night orderly
of the boepiui. ! Julius W. Schmltz. reported
gone, is a physician at ". the ' hoepltaLV James
Sarsfleld. reported gone. Is . a laundryman at
the hospital. Edward Smith, reported gone
U a patient at the hospital, r Percy ' Summer,
reported • gone U a. bouse doctor at' the hos
pital. John - H. Thomas, ¦ reported » gone. Is a
John F. Derham is reported gone, but he
Js a painter at '.the '-hospital and is not Kone
Michael Dolly, reported sone. is the ffurth
kitchen helper. William Dougherty, reported
K&ne. is an orderly In "L." ward. Harry L.
Gifford, reported gone. Is a kitchen helper
John Gllchrist. • reported gone. Is an orderly
in "O" ward. Frank K. Hart, reported gone
ts the resident physician of the hospital. Jere^
m!ah' Higgina, reported gone. Is an orderly In
"M" ward. Frank I. Kelly, reported gone Is
an assistant druKjdst at the hospital. John
F. O 1 Day. reported gone, la a patient still In
the hospital. James J. Power*," reported doubt
ful. Is engineer of the hospital. • -.
,.Z he . department o! elections is glad at any
time to receive assistance in their effort to
imrge the roll of all but legally qualified
dor e "h a^' tIC v. Ulariy ¦PP«c«Sei the work
tut .t y u the Merchant8 ' Assoclalon to thi. end.
au'nVn t nec * 8sar 7 « this time to call your
attention to the fact that the lists you have
pa n rLrj£ V :r by °° means been cireST.!
fn a nSorf.v^t" * Mtte of fact - erroneous
in a majority of cases. I take it that vnn
K a^. rC f elVed >our in pood faith
8 ;^e^ o^
t/t^e 'pp:- & Vu^tt^'aTst ?^ nt !°h2
Tenth Precinct of the Thirty-second Assembl^
District, and enumerated a list of name. S«m
GuV^Y B™ d bounty Hoepul, 0 ' w're'pTt
Gui£sepi Bruea '-gone," yet we find that he
U an orderly in the hospital. You report Wn!
liara Bohan a s doubtful, when he Is the r»ni
Urly employed laundryman T of the ho£^
and qualified to vote. You - also moot P Fd
v-ard E. Baumeister doubtful.^aUho^^he U
a houee doctor of the hosnltal Y«m /»,.„,,
William E. Bird gone. Cut he is ?%,£?£.
the hotpital and hag not gone. »~ rler "
The Election Commissioners at their
meeting yesterday afternoon made
public a letter that they have sent to
the Merchants* Association in answer
to the charge that the registration
rolls contain many names that do not
properly belong there. The letter is as
follows:
T XT E?* V JXJAXCISCO. Xov. 3. 1904.
. **¦ . Kln *. Esq., Secretary Merchants'
Association. San Franci 9C o-Dea7sir: wtfhin
tiie last tendaj-i the Board of Election Com
nussioner,, ha* received from the Merchant^
-k 011 * serie ' of Iuu Purporting to rep
resent the name, of registered voters who. ror
" e ,, e f. son , or aether, have been dl.qua ifled
under the law and cannot legally cast a ballot
oc Tuesday next. The*, li.u have been given
the most careful attention by th!. department
acd I am constrained at thl» time todlrect
ycur attention to the fact that you have In
Election Commissioners Assert Regis
.. tnitimi Lists Are Nearly Correct.
FIND FEW CHANGES NEEDED.
Previous Information was that the
boat had capsized and all its occupants
drowned except one boy, who was saved
by the natives.
LONDON, Nov. 3.— According to in
formation from the; island of Perim.
at the entrance to the^ Red-Sea, an in
vestigation of Massira' Island, made by
the Sultan of Muscat, shows that the
captain and a boat's crew of - twenty
one men which left the British ship
Baron, which ran ashore at the Kuria
Musa Islands, reached Massira Island
and were massacred by the natives.
Nine of the murderers have been ar
rested.
. Miss Rutherford wore a diamond and
ruby pendant. . the . gift of the bride
groom, and carried a prayer book bound
in . white.
Aftsr ,the ceremony Mr. and Mrs.
Ervlng passed through the aisle and
down the marble staircase to the re
ception-room, where they received con
gratulations. This room was entirely
decorated in pink. The wedding break
fast was served within a bower of white
chrysanthemums.
v Mr. and Mrs. Ervlng, when they re
turn from their wedding trip, will take
possession of their new house on East
Sixtieth street. *
The decorations by Hodgson -were on
an elaborate scale, the first and second
floors of the mansion having been con
verted Into a bower of lilies of -the
valley, white roses, orchids and other,
choice flowers being used in profusion.
In the -drawing-room, where the cere
mony was performed, was an effective
display of - flowers arranged to . repre
sent the interior of a chapel. Behind
the bower of plants and • blossoming;
trees was stationed the choir of St.
Rector's Church, which sang the wed
ding, march.
' The bridal party passed through an
aisle formed of white ribbons. Miss
Rutherford was given away by .her
stepfather. Her only attendant was
her cousin. Miss Beatrice "Wright. Van
•Renssalaer Erving was his brother's,
best man. The bride wore a beautiful
gown of white satin made with a Ions
court train of satin edged with chiffon
and. old lace. Old lace also trimmed
the corsage. The veil of tulle was held
In place by a - coronet of orange blos-
Boms. .. ..
NEW TORK, Nov. 3.— Miss Alice H.
Rutherford,, elder daughter of the late
Mrs. George Crocker, was married ; to
John Langdon Erving to-day at the
residence - of her stepfather, George
Crocker, at Fifth avenue and Sixtyr
fourth street- On account of th recent
death of Mrs. Crocker, only the Imme
diate relatives of the coupde and a
few intimate friends were invited to
the ceremony and the reception which
followed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Commissioner Thomas Coombes, who
was the first to command the army in
Canada and who is now in charge of
the British Isles work, will succeed
Eva Booth as commander in Canada.
ST. JOHNS, N. B., Nov. . 3.— A tele
gram from Salvation Army headquar
ters in Toronto announces the now
commissioners _for the army in tlie
United States and Canada. Miss Eva
Booth, who. for eight years, has been
in command in Canada, wlll.be com
mander in the United States, with
headquarters in New Yc-rk City.
Commissioner Kilby, who Will be
Miss Booth's deputy commander, has
been in charge in South Africa. He
will have partial Jurisdiction of the
Western section of the United States,
with headquarters in Chicago. "Booth-
TucLer, now the head of the army In
the United States, will return to Eng
land, but his future charge- is not an
nounced.
Crew of British Ship
Slain by Natives
of Massira.
FAIR YOT7XO CALrFORNIAM WHO
BECAME A BRIDE YE3TEW5AT
IS NEW TORK.
NEW YORK, r Nov. 3.— The mystery
attending; the loss of a cigarette case,
for .which the manager of the Hoffman
House offered a reward of. $200. was
cleared to-night. : Charles Maloney. an
employe of the hotel, was instrumental
in recovering • the cigarette case., and
received a $1000 bill from its delighted
owner, W. C. Stewart of San Fran
cisco, when he returned , it. . Stewart
says the cigarette case cost; him $2500
in Europe.
Stewart went to dinner with several
friends at Martin's, on Broadway, and
afterward fell asleep in a cab. When
he awoke. he was minus all his money,
and ,a, diamond cigarette case. ¦ -¦
In answer to an advertisement, offer
ing.a. reward of $200, Maloney received
a telephone ' message from -a - man -who
said he had found the case and Would
surrender it at Forty-second street and
Broadway, upon payment of the money.
Andrew Murray, a hotel boy who wa3
sent, with, the money, was met by the
stranger, who said he had left the case
at home. Murray consented to sb with
him and was taken to the foot of East
Forty-second street by the strancer
and a friend. There they tried to rob
Murray of the $200, but were fricht
ened away when his screams brousrht
help. One Was captured later and this
led to. the recovery of the cigarette
case.
. Murray was taken to Bellevue. and
was not able to leave there until Wed
nesday.--On the way to court to appear
against .the; prisoners- Murray met
Stewart, who gave him the $200 offered
forthe return of the cigarette case.
EvaBootlito GommanJ
in United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I" Tdi'NG "WOMAN WHO WILL.DI
RKCT WORK OF THE SALVA
TION AKMT IX UNITED STATES.
HOTEL MEN EARN BIG REWARD
San Franciscan^ Pays '$1200 for^ the Recoyery
? • -of a; Stolen 'Cigarette -Case;'
WRECKED
SAILORS ARE
MASSACRED
After a short session the Grand Jury
yesterday voted to file an accusation of
fraud against the. Board of Election
Commissioners. The language UBed in
the charges Is terse and clear. "Will
ful and corrupt misconduct in office" is
.its burden and several sneciflcatlons
are given.
On receiving the accusations District
Attorney Bj-ington immediately or
dered the Election Commissioners to
appear to answer them in Judge Law
lor's court on November 16 and to
ehow cause why they should not be re
moved.
The Grand Jury also determined to
appoint 250 responsible citizens to
v/atch over the booths on election day.
"We will appoint more if we think it
necessary," added Foreman Lilienfeld.
These special inspectors will probably
bs named upon recommendations by
the Merchants' Association. The jury
appointed a committee to investigate
rumors that proceedings in the jury
room have not been kept secret.
The first charge against the Commis
sioners is that they appointed Joseph
Rebsto^k. Fred Hancock, £.. TL. Whit
ney, J. W. Freeman. John Spargo and
W. W. Abraham to act as elec
tion officers at the primaries on
August 9, knowing that they were
cot on the last assessment roll,
e.r.«l that they were all members of the
same political -party. It is also alleged
that none of these? election officers
?nietl la -th« -Eisbtetnth -primary- ehic-*
tion. precinct, in which ' they were
named to serve. This is in violation of
the laws governing primary elections.
At the time of their appointment as
election officers three of these held po
sitions under the municipal govern
ment, Rebstock as foreman of the
Sprinkling and Cleaning Department
.of the city, Hancock as a teamster in
.the Electrical Department, and Spargo
«ts a stonecutter for the Board of Pub
lic Works. Each was drawing pay
"from the city when i .e Election Com
missioners appointed them to serve at
. the. primaries.
The appointment of six other elec
¦ tion officers in the Seventy-third pri
mary precinct is declared illegal on tho
ground that they were not on the last
.assessment roll and that they all be
longed- to the same oolitieal party.
The Election Commissioners are
charged with making these appoint
ments knowing them to be illegal. "All
bl which the Board of Election Com
; rnissiohers well knew," reads the ac
cusation of the Grand Jury.
' '¦'.-. ASKS THEIK REMOVAL.
"Wherefore the said jury prays,"
concludes the document, "that the said
jSobert W. Roberts. James A. Devoto,
E. C. Lfcffingwell. Thomas Maguire and
A. W. Voorsanger be required to an
swer this accusation, and that judg
.rrteni be pronounced that they be re
moved from the office of Election Com
missioners of this city."
- -The District Attorney's summons fol
lows::
• In .the Superior Court of the State of Califor
nia. In sad lor the City and County of San
• Kran£l»co;
¦ In tht: matter. oT an accusation presented by
the Grand Jury of the city and county of San
¦•Fraricison. t-.t&te of California, agdinst Robert
-W-. Ifoberts. James A. Devoto, E. C. Lefflns
»".el\p Thomas Majruire and A. W. Voorsanger.
¦»s the Bo«rd oi Election Commissioners of the
e&id city and county of San Francisco.
• To Robert "W. Roberts, Jamea A. Devoto. E.
fe Jjef&iijrwell, Thomas Maguire and A. W.
Vooraanter. Ilo«.r<l of Klection Commissioners
cf the said city and county of San Francisco,
'State pi California :
: You and tarh of you are hereby notified
'thet Alfred Lilienfeld. foreman of the Grand
'Jury !n and for the city and county cf San
Francisco. 6t*.te of California, has heretofore.
<o*wit: on the third flay of November. 1904.
iiellvered t6 me an accusation In writing
.aka'-sst you for your willful : misconduct in
.your office as members of the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners of the said city and county
*cf Em Francisco, of which safd accusation In
yfrititit a copy is hereto attached and made a
"part hereof. '
•'.rtnd you are hereby retired to appear be-
Jcre th* Superior Court of the SUte of Califor
xiae in and for the city and county of San
• Francisco, Department 11 thereof, at th« Hal!
of .Justice In. the *aid city and county of Ban
Francisoo. en the Kith day of November. 1SKW.
•a> 10 o'clock in the forenoon of that day, then
and .there to answer eatd accusation.
J..EWIS F. BYINGTON. District Attorney.
• 'MISCONDUCT IS CHARGED.
• • The accusation found by the Grand
Jury is as follows:
The Grand" Jury of the city and county of
'fan Francisco hereby makes and present* this
accusation &sr&in*t Robert \V. Roberts. James
A. De-voto-. E. C. Le'flnffwell, Thomas Ms.
tu'lre aad A. W. Vocnsaryrer. as the. Board of
Section Cotr.mlfEicners of the «aid city and
iccuaty of Sari. Francisco, for willful and cor
rupt ixireo&dact in office and allege as follows:
• ? 1. ' That at all times herein mentioned the
said Egbert • \\*. Roberta. James A. Devoto, E.
C Lcffi-igwell. Tbomas M&gulre and A. W.
Voors£a£er were, and each wu, a duly ap
pointed, qualified and acting Election Comrr.is
t-ior.y in the raid city and county of gan
KrancUco. State of California, and together
constituted th» Board cf Election Commission.
«rs cf the said city and county of San Fran-
CiBCO.
2.. Thst Cn or about the 26th day of June,
VMM. «t the city and county ©f San Francisco,
h'late of California.. 6afd parties above named
did willfully, knowingly, unlawfully and cor
ruptly as such Board of Election Commission
ers of the said city and county of San Fran
cine© appoint Joseph Rebstock. Fred Hancock,
E. E. Whitney, J. W. Frwraan, John Spargo
*nd W. M. Abraham as primary election offl
cers In the eighteenth primary election pre
cinct of said city and county of San Fran
cisco, and btins then and there In the Thirty
ninth Assembly District, to wit.: Joseph Reb
rtock *• Inspector. Fred Htmcock and E E
ivhitney as Judges. J. TV. Freeman and V.''
H. Abraham as clerks and John Spanro as
'ballet clerk to' serve thereafter as such office- 1
at the primary election to be held on the nirfi
<Uy of Aurust 1904, In the said city jlJj
connty ©f 6an Francisco, when at the time of
Rrhil^ t? 1» d JUFT Prayl **** th « « id
Robert W. Roberts. James A. Devoto E C
Ltffinrwell. TTiomas Maguire and A W Voorl
£.H* e .h 1 r *? ulred t0 answer this 'accu-iat!on
and that Judgment may be pronounced . that
they and each one of them b, remtned from
the office of Election Commissioner of the said
city and county of San Franrlnco
AL.FRKD ULIE.VFELD," Foreman.
All of which was and" is contrary to th*»
and V f ,fV d M BO * nl , ° f v, ElecUorComnTissioners
lSKJ-l. at said city asd county of San Francisco
fctate cf California, the said Robert W. Rotn
erts, Jameg j A. Devoto. -E. C Leffingwell.
Thomaj. Uaguire and A. W. Voorsanger Hid
willfully, unlawfully, knowingly and corruptly:
a> sach , Board ol Elect ion Comml -of
Mid city and county of 6an Francisco, appoint
one \N. J. Kos-.er. G. H. Bilverateln. CL E
Merrill, W. Potfd. A. R. Goetzen and • L S
** prlm t7 Precinct election officers
£ th?-'*E "if 2 Prt«n»ry election precinct
!„< said . city - and «»«»ty ol San Francisco
and being la the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
x? ct T of T, the State of California to-wit: Said
.» '. ? ster . as lny Pector. said G. H. Silver
stein and said C. E. Merrill a, judges, said
.%/S.^'^f? aad ** S - Ca ™°n «» clerks and
Sti- h as ballot clerk, to serve there
? tLff,i uch offlcer s «t the primary election
to be held on the. »th day of August. 19W 15
»u "*4 Vu y ??"* COUnty of Saa Francisco.
L iZ w T he t^ lme °Jl •*'* a PP°»"tment s the
rX* ' ;J^ °?« tzen - L - s - Carson and W.
£ t?i" a ? th * B * ld memben of the said Board
of Election Commissioners then and there well
.%?' . Were n i* on the lMt a«»essment roll of
«rl ?n y .if nd T? of San Francisco and
£?• then and tn « re members of the same
IlO .i U « al ?**}* * 8 th « »« ld member* of the
said Board of Election Commissioner, then and
ii:ere w^n knew.
ARE DECLARED INELIGIBLE.
said Appointments the said Joseph Rebstock,
Fred Hancock. K. E. Whitney. J. W. Freeman.
John Spargo and Wj H. Abraham, as the said
members of the said Board of Election Com
missioners ,then and there well knew, .were
not then and there on the last assessment roll
of the said city and county of San Francisco,
and when the said members of the eaid Board
of Election Commissioners then and there well
knew the said Joseph Rebstock Fred Hancock,
E. E. AVhltiwy, J. \V. Freeman. John §pargo
and \V. H. Abraham were all members of the
fame political party, and when the said mem
ber* of the said Board of Ejection Commis
sioners then and there well knew the said
Joseph Rebstock. Fred Hancock, E. E. Whit
ney. J. W. Freeman and John Spargo were
not then and there registered electors of the
primary election precinct for which they were
appointed primary election officers as afore
said and had not been such registered electors
of said primary election precinct for thirty
cays trior to their taid appointment and when
the said members of said Board of Election
Commissioners then and there well knew said
Joseph Uebstock. Fred Hancock and said John
fcpargo were then and there to wit. at the
time of their said appointment as said primary
precinct election officers, as aforesaid, holding
salaried positions under the Rovernment of said
city and county of San Francisco, to wit:
Said Joseph Rebstock is foreman of the clean.
ing and sprinkling department under the
Board of Public Works of said city and county
said Free ilancock as teamster in the .depart
ment o f electricity under the Board of Public
\.orks of eaid city and county and said John
*FV£° 4 s a etone -cutter under the Board of
Public Works of said city and county of San
r rancisco. -- * ~>. ,
Mrs. Gundelfinger: immediately told
him the Jewels;, were '.on her dresser.
Keeping them covered the while, Yates
A daring holdup '• '-occurred shortly
after, 6 o'clock last? night in the Dor
chester Hotel, corner of. Gough and
Sutter streets. -Andrew," Yates, a bell
boy formerly employed^at the hostelry,
entered the apartments of Arnold Gun
delfinger, a retired; merchant, and hold
ing up the man, "and his wife with a re
volver took $2500- jvorth; of jewels from
Mrs. Guhdelflnger'a dresser and es
caped. . '_,". v ;'-^..-,v .^ ¦¦'/'
Yates entered t the [hotel about dinner
time, and, taking theT«leyator,' went to
the ¦ -Gundelflnger^T*apartments~-- : He
knocked . on the .door and' said that he
had been sent by .the' housekeeper to
fix the plumbing^ in 'the - washstand.
Gundelfinger informed. him that there
was. nothing ¦' wrong *with. the stand and
that he could not enter as his wife was
dressing. Yates. insisted and Mrs. Gun
delfinger. hearing:'; the argument be
tween the - bellboy ; and her husband,
put on a dressing sack and came info
the "front room where the .two stood.
At this moment Yates produced a re
volver and aiming it _ at the man and
wife, demanded -that 'they tell him
where the valuables were.
advanced to the dresser -and cleaning
the jewels from it, placed them in his
pocket. When he backed from the
room, pointing the at his vic
tims, he /warned them to keep quiet and
then . disappeared down the stairs and
into the street
The North End police station was im
mediately notified and Detectives Ed
Gibson and Tim Bailey detailed on the
case. They secured a good description
of Yates. He is 24 years of age. wears
a dark brown fedora hat and sack
clothes. He has a scar on the back of
his neck and a slight growth c-f dark
mustache. He is of • slight build, about
130 pounds in weight, and 5 feet 6 in
ches in height. . TkT"
' Yates was employed as a bellboy at
the hotel up to November 1, when he
was discharged for drunkenness. The
detectives are , scouring the town for
the thief and expect to apprehend him
before lonff.
The jewelry taken all belonged to
Mrs. Gundelfinger and comprised a
solitaire diamond, ring, 1% karats; one
two-stone diamond ring, 1& karats; a
diamond and ruby, ring, each stone 1%
karats; a marquise ring of turquoise
and diamonds, and a diamond breast'
pin set with emeralds. The sto-nes were'
of high value, the diamonds all being
blue white. ' -.,-;<:¦
He Makes Good His Escape
Members of Board Ordered to Ap
. pear in Court on November 1 6.
Formal Accusation Is Filed
Steals 12500 Wortti of Jewels
Willful Misconduct in Of
fice Is Charged.
BELLBOY ROBS GUESTS OF DORCHESTER HOTEL AT POINT OF REVOLVER
SALVATIONISTS
MAKE CHANGES
AMONG LEADERS
The Grand Jury yesterday filed specific accusations of fraud against the flection Commissioners— Rob
ert W. Roberts, James A. Devoto, E/C. Leffingwel! v Thomas Maguire^^ The District
Attorney sent notices to the Commissioners that ...they must appear in Judge Lawlor's court on Novem
ber 16 to answer the charges. The Jury also decided to appoint 250 special inspectors to watch the
booths on election day. Appointments will be made on recommendation of the Merchants' Association.
The San Francisco Call
THB THEATERS.
ALCAZAR^— '."Draa "Wayne."
CALIFORNIA— H*T«rly*« Minstrel*.
CENTRALr^-'The "Wont Woman In
- London.".
COLiCMBIA— "GUttertn* Gloria."
CHCTES-^Vaudevilla.
GRAND— "Pretty Peg»T."
MAJESTIC— "Hamlet." • 1
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI — "The Messenyer Boy.**
PRICE FIVE. CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 157ALGIERS, Nov. .3.—^The. Russian
torpedo-boat destroyers, [which were , to
remain*' here'-: f orty-eigrht .hours » only,'
have ;<been , l instructed - t by the N Ministry
of Foreign Affairs; to remain .until;fur
ther orders. "¦¦,".¦;¦; SBMHfldSI
Russian War .Vessels Detained.
Colonel Gaedke, the Tageblatt's cor
respondent with .the Russian , army, tel-l
egraphs that the Russian positions • on
the ' Shakhe .River; are /daily 'becoming
stronger," in • spite" of the 'proximity ' oft
the opposing' armies. '\The possibility of
a Japanese attack,; he * says, is y { con
stantly; diminishing; and many experts
do * not " expect ' there 'will 'be a decisive
engagement; before" spring/ "„;"• •_; :>
'. BERLIN, Nov. 3.— The Local,Anzeig
er'a Mukden" "correspondent ; claims ; the
most trustworthy authority ,.: for. the
statement ' that 34.D00 ¦ sick or 'wounded
Russian soldiers were sent away after
the; last- engagement, j " ' ."- : '••;...
ARMY OF RUSSIAN WOUNDED.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Dietz Opera
house was crowded this evening with
hundreds of subjects of the Mikado,
who gathered to celebrate the birth
day of their Emperor. -The friendship
of the American people, to the Japan
ese ; was made . manifest by. the many
Americans present, r "Addresses were
made in ' Japanese; by prominent men
in the Oriental colony and one inEng:
lieh by T.- Tahara. l\ At the conclusion
of the entertainment cheers were
given ; for the Japanese army. During
the ¦ evening refreshments weje served
and exhibitions of - sword exercises
given. -
Gathering of Japanese.
' The -8p"eakers were: K. Ablko, K.
Kukawa, K. Koda, C. T. Evans, K.
Uyeno, Consul of Japan, and T. Naka
mura.
- The celebration of -the fifty-second
anniversary of the birthday of the Em
peror of Japan was held last ; evening
at the. Mechanics' Pavilion under, the
au'spiceVof 'the* Japanese residents of
San Francisco. -IUwas estimated that
fully 5000 subjects of the Emperor
took part in the exercises.
Among ' the significant incidents , of
the evening wasUhe respectful ap
plause accorded; the picture' of the
Czar when stereoptically thrown .on
the screen. -The picture of President
Roosevelt was greeted with a'tremend
ous outburst of cheering. > The Japan
ese national anthem, "Kimigayo," was
sung:- with enthusiasm and the read
ing of: the imperial edict by K. Ku
kawa elioited^prolonged applause and
cheers, ii- v *..>*
Five Thousand Subjects of Emperor of
Japan Enjoy Fine Programme.-' 1
HONORS MIKADO'S BIRTHDAY.
.TOKIO, Nov. 3.— Japan enjoyed a
holiday to-day in honor of the Emper
or's birthday. The celebration was ob-:
served throughout the empire.
At Toklo the Emperor reviewed tha
fleet and the imperial guards division,
and' gave a luncheon at the palace for
the higher officials and. foreign diplo
mats. The military review was held at
Oyama field. The Emperor 'drove
through the city in a handsome red
state coach. . . - v
At the luncheon to-day the Uxnperor
briefly addressed bis sueats, extending
welcome to the foreign . diplomatio
corps and Ministers of. State. During:
the course of his remarks, he said:
: "We regret that "the- time bas not
come to. see peace restored in the Far
East, In. realization of our desires." , J ,
He then proposed the health of the?
sovereigns and rulers represented at
his court and expressed the wish that
the bonds of friendship existing be
tween their respective countries and
Japan might be drawn' closer,.',
Baron d'Anethan, the Belgian Min
ister, doyen of the diplomatic corps; la
responding congratulated the Emperor
on**the day and expressed, regrret on th«
continuance of the war. Continuing,
he said: » . 4
: "We again express our wishes* for
peace, and jdo so with more fervor
when we contemplate with profound
emotion the ravages already caused in
suffering families, and the thousands
of noble victims on either side in the
armies in the field. . struggling and
shedding their blood with a bravery
that rises to the height- of a sublime
and indomitable heroism."
GLOO3I IX CZAR'S IiAXD.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 4. 1:25 a. m.
There is a scarcely veiled feeling of re
lief throughout the. city that the day
has passed without bringing news of
the fall of Port Arthur. There had been
deep: fear that the .Japanese might
push home the final attack to-day. It
Is. now. felt '.-that* there may come an
other period of respite. • The authori
ties state that they are without direct
news from Port Arthur and every one
is depending. upon foreign sources for
tidings; of- the devoted garrison. .
LONDON, Nov. 4.— The Daily Tele
graph's ' Chefu correspondent, tele
graphing on Thursday, says that the
Japanese losses during the last assault
upon Port Arthur . were ; heavier . than
on. any of the previous attacks. 'The
bombardment was so fierce, he says,'
that the streets ' of Dalny trembled as
though an earthquake shock had oc
curred.
.The same paper's correspondent -with
General Oku, . under date of November
2, says that. the indications are that a
terrific engagement is ' about to com
mence.
A dispatch to a news agency from St.
Petersburg says Lieutenant, General
Stoessel, commander of the Russian
troops at Port Arthur, is reported to be
wounded in the leg. . J *
, CHEFU, Nov. 3.— The Japanese now
occupy i positions which, place-the east
side-; qf Port -Arthur at their . mercy.
The last- assault has gained for them
positions which insure their ability to
enter the main east forts, whenever
they are ready. . ¦ ;,.,...: •
It is calculated by the Japanese, that
the Russians, if they do not surrender,
will be, capable of prolonging their
final stand at Liaoti Mountain and on
the Tiger's Tail for- a . month lonsrer.
but long before the second Pacific
squadron shall arrive the Japanese flag
will wave over the wrecked citadel. ..
The Japanese have not occupied the
main forts and highest points of the
east hills, but they occupy in over
whelming numbers positions which will
enable them to drive the Russians back
whenever they desire. "When the Jao
nese occupy the eastern ridge of forts
they will completely dominate the other
Russian forts with their artillery. ..'
RESEXTS AX IMPERTINENCE.
Anniversary of the Accession of. Nlcho-
las Not a Great Holiday
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 3. — Then*
was little attempt to-day to celebrate,
except in a perfunctory way. the tenth
anniversary of the accession of Em
peror Nicholas. The imperial family
attended a te deum at the cathedral
and there were services in all the
churches. Later the troops were par
aded, the theaters gave free exhibi
tions to the school children and there
were musical and other holiday f dis
plays in the.parkfls, but onr accouptof
the war and the anxiety regarding
the situation at Port Arthur every
thing was on a small scale..- ' * J.i ¦ •, t
PARIS. Nov. 3. — The Associated
Press is enabled to state positively
that its. dispatches from Chefu, Port
Arthur and Tokio last June, to' the ef
fect that the JaDanese battleship Ya
shima had been sunk by a mine oft
Dalny, which dispatches were denied
by the Japanese authorities at the
time, have • finally . been officially con
firmed. .The Japanese Government
has notified foreign governments" of
the loss of the ship. The number of
men who went down with the vessel
is not known, but it is believed to
have been small. The official details
show that the Yashima' struck a Rus
sian mine .and later attempted to
make " Dalny*^ harbor, but this proved
impossible and she sank in deep wa
ter.
The loss of the Yashima has been
concealed by the Japanese, -though
the Russian authorities have believed
for some time that the reports that
'the battleship had been destroyed
were correct. It is important, since
it is now disclosed. that Japan has
only four modern battleships remain
ing. These are the Asashi, Fuji, Mik
asa and Shlklshima. Another vessel
classed as a. battleship Is the. Chlnyen,
taken from China in 1894, but she
old and not of much fighting value.
experts say the small "battle
ship force possessed by Admiral Togo
was responsible for the tactics he ob
served at the naval battle of Augrust
10, when Admiral Withoeft attempted
to escape from Port Arthur, the Jap
anese battleships refusing to come to
close quarters with . the . enemy, but
pounding them from a distance . arid
sending in the torpedo-boat destroy
ers to make night attacks. -. - . /.
The Yashima was one of the finest
battleships of the Japanese navy. Her
displacement was 12,300 tons, about
the size of the American battleship
Maine, and she had a speed of nine
teen knots. She carried a heavy bat
tery of four twelve-inch, ten six-inch
and twenty-four other guns of smaller
caliber.
The Russian squadron at Port Ar
thur includes five modern battleships,
more-orless damaged, and Rear-Ad
miral Rojestvensky's command, which
is now en route from the Baltic to 1-he
Far East, ''• has seven "battleships.. 7 '-
In - view Ihe Inferiority of the
Japanese in battleships their, 'armored
cruiser strength' ~ is -important,— they
being greatly superior to the Russians
in that' respect.' ', ; - ' ' ' . ' ¦
American Admiral; Refuses to Fire
. Salute . on Mikado's Birthday.
,CHEFU, Nov. 3.— The, Japanese Con
sul here, on the. Mikado's birthday, re
quested.'Rear Admiral Folger, . com
jnanding . the cruiser division of the
American 'Asiatic fleet, and the captain
of a Chinese cruiser to -fire a salute.
Rear Admiral Folger declined, on the
ground that he was not' In Japanese
waters. The Chinese captain, however,
complied. The incident has aroused
much comment.
MUKDEN, Nov. 3. — There have been
a number of skirmishes along the whole
front during the last two days, but
none of importance' since the Japanese
forced the crossing of the Shakhe River
on the extreme Russian left; At day
light to-day there was heavy cannonad'
ing,- lasting an hour,' during > a recon
naissance. - -v-
Skirmishes o n the Shakhe.
. France's literary output last year
was. 9674 works. . .
Xq Serious Engagements.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 3.— General
Kuropatkin under, date of to-day re
ports that skirmishing occurred during
the night of November 1, when the
Russian sharpshooters destroyed some
of the Japanese intrenchments. Recon
naissances were made on the night of
November 2, but there were no indica
tions of serious engagements anywhere.
Some movements of Japanese troops
from the east westward were observed
to-day. ' . .
Father Yorke" la Taken *to Task.
The News Letter of ' this w.eek. calls Father
Torke to time for his attack on an Innocent
newspaper man.
It tells of the doping of dogs at the coursing
parks and this will undoubtedly make Interest-
Ing reading for the followers of the "Irish po
nies." ¦
The action of the Plumbers' Union la ruling
members of the militia out of their employ
ment and the result of this unpatriotic method
Is told at length.
The Merchants' Association and the Mayor.
In controversy regarding: the speeches at th*
association banquet, recelvea the attention- of
the News Letter writer In a way that will tnnks
tbe guilty squirm.
There la a story regarding ducks shot by a
prominent Insurance man of San Francisco and
presented - to a young lady acquaintance, with
funny conditions thrown in. that will cauM
many to recognize the culprit and send a
broad smile adown the whole length of the
"street.". . . . •*
Will Study Japanese War Craft.
LONDON; Nov. 3.— An order Issued
to-day says that four'officers/iot above
the rank of captain will annually be se
lected for a two years' course of study,
with residence in Japan.
The summer has been extraordin
arily favorable to the vine in France.
. The fact- that they had. reached. the
corner wall on' . the dead ground • en-'
abled the Japanese to hold. on,, though
the- entire -• Russian" fire-, was .concen
trated on that -point -for^ six hours.
The Japanese. -were-, reinforced *from
time to time. by rushes made by their
comrades up the death.' way from- the
was forced back. One Japanese regi
.rn'ent worked up the east slope and an
other regiment made its way up the
vtst slope of 174 Yards Hill, under the
concentrated fire of the 'Russian artil
lery, .and captured the fort at the point
of the- bayonet at noon. The Japanese
captured five field guns and four ma
chine guns. Their casualties were
1400. Three hundred and fifty Rus
sian dtaci were left in the position.
At daylight on the followilng day
a If the Japanese batteries of the center
division concentrated their fire on the
Benjusan and Keekwan forts, but de
e^ite the artillery support the Jap
anese were driven out of the East
Keekwan fort by an attack by a
massed body of Russians from the
Chinese wall.
The assault threatened to result in
an utter failure to secure a foothold
on tbe fortified ridge and General Xogi
funJmoned the general of the left and
oenter divisions to consult with him
concerning the operations. During
his absence, at 11 o'clock in the
•morning, 'without special orders, sev
eral companies of a regiment of the
center -division emerged from their
trenches, at the foot of the East Ban
jusari fort and in tens and twenties
charged up the slope to the broken
wall of the trench around the crest
of the fortified hill and under cover of
a splendid shrapnel practice from
iiielr field batteries in the valley. The
Russians behind the wall and in the
fort, poured out a hail of rifle bullets
tr.d the machine and quick-firing
grins ' belched" forth on the " intrepid
Japanese. Twice the latter were forced
back, until the slope was covered with
bodies, but a third attempt was made
and a score of Japanese reached the
bio-ken wall. The terrible fire of the
.Russians, however, started their re
tirement.
TURNS DEFEAT INTO VICTORY.
" Suddenly a Japanese officer, regard
less of- the danger, stood up, called out
an order, planted his regimental flag
pn the wall and was immediately rid
dled by Russian bullepsi. The effect
op the Japanese of this sacrifice was
instantaneous. The retreating infan
trymen stopped In their,. tracks, hesi
tated and then charged, 'back, fought
like demons, jumped.-, over the wall,
charged the Russians with the. bayonet
and forced many . of . th^m* up the
glacis, over the ramparts and into' trie
fort. - - ' , , ¦-• -' L .-.
On the right flank the Russian line
RIGHT tXANK SUCCESSFUL.
During the morning of August 19 the
siege gruns opened a desultory fire to
find the' ranges and an entire division
.of infantry advanced and assaulted the
Russian redoubts at the foot of Rihl
ur.g Mountain. The troops captured
'the -trenches in front of the redoubts.
• The operations began in earnest at
daybreak on the 20th with a bombard
rnt-nt of the whole line of Russian forts,
iiatte.ry' after battery of Japanese ar-
V'lerywas unmasked, the Russians ap
parently being unab'e to locate them,
fq,'r" they 'replied spasmodically. Under
cover of; the bombardment the Jap
ajjese^ infantry made a determined gen
eral advance against the Russians' first
trenches, along the railroad into the
Ctnttr of 'the Shuishi Valley and also
6a. the : lines in the valley between the
east: and nest of Shuishi village. Six
'hirndreS yards- south of the village the
'K\<xy .'into. 'the city was protected by
four advance half-moon forts, in the
form of" a hollow square, open at the
rear - and * connected by bombproof
treiieheS ': arid having a twenty-foot
•pioat in- front. A desperate attempt
was made by the Japanese. during the
.afternoon to capture the strongest
•h4df r moon fort. The infantry charged,
..cat {lie ¦ entanglements, crossed the
faoat with scallr.sr ladders, stormed the
f<jrt and 'drove the Russians back. But
the real strength of the Russian posi
tion iay in the bombproof trenches, ex
tending s-outh of the other half-moon
forts. These were filled with troops
¦cn<X -concealed machine guns, which
poured a' deadly hail of bullets into the
.Japanese and forced them to retire. At
about the same time the Russians re
'captured the trenches in front of the
redoubt in advance of the Rihlung
fort.
WITH THE THIRD JAPANESE
ARMY. BEFORE PORT ARTHUR.
Xov. *.' —The following is a censored
account of the main incidents of the
siege of Port Arthur, beginning with
the attacks upon llihlung and Keek
van Mountains on August IS:
.-When the smoke. cleared away it was
seen 'i that the left division had ad
vanced through the captured forts." One
regiment- attacked the East Keekwan
fort, but .was repulsed. "Another, .'regi
ment advanced UDthejnortheast" slopes
of Wantal HilMn an effort, to. effect, a
junction with;the: regiment; whlcbiheld
the! "neck : .between * the " two '•; hills. . The
capture.; o'f . Wantai \ Hill ' meant the di
viding; of » the eastern fortified A'
center'supporting. regiment; was 'unable
: The Japanese captured a fort, where
they Intrenched themselves. With day
light the Japanese, artillery started a
terrific bombardment. More than 400
guns roared in rapid succession, until
the, entire . ridge was; enveloped In a
cloud of smoke. For a time every Rus
sian' fort was silenced.
- 1 Eef.6re;.dawh on the 22d.the center
dfvtsioiv made a-»third attempt to cap-.
ture ).i$i%' higher fortified , ridge of Ash.
Hill,. '.Ibe*; new Banjusan fort on the
;higber ..ridge and the rear forts. The
: Banjusan forts were stormed and cap
tured,*: the Japanese pursuing the Rus
sians who had defended them. Two
hundred Japanese officers and men were
killed.;' They all belonged to a regiment
of .the. center division, which reached a
neck between the double peaks of Wan
,tai.';.;jsQS BnUS&Bf^SS^Smssaggi
DAZZLED BY SEARCHLIGHTS.
The fight was the fiercest in the cen
ter of the Shuishi Valley. The. Jap
anese captured the Banjusan forts,
outflanking the Russian, forces and
slowly forcing their lines back to the
"foot "of the fortified hill's. 3The Jap
anese, well supported, rushed forward
furiously and engaged the Russians,
¦who had gained the valley, in an at
tempt to outflank the forts. Though
the Japanese plan of attack was de
stroyed by the Russian counter at
tack^-'the Japanese fought* with- splen
tjtdf,^determination. -Slqwlj*- the •" Rus
sians ' \vt»re driven back up the slopes,
fighting desperately -with rifles. The
tRnssian machine ,guns^were used with
great effect; and : the successful-work
•lniriof the Russian starlights' and
fearcIUightfj... was .'utterly unexpected
and bewildering-.' They never failed to
locatA'the /Japanese" lines, which of
fered'splendid, marks for the Russian
--rides and -.machine-guns and rendered
-the.-. Japanese, -machine guns of little
use»' as' i .they ;l were"loca.ted and silenced
by <juick : flrers: -before they could..* do,
any «xei;utlon. The Russians' along the
"vholeJine fought In the blackest"dark
'nees.and the Japanese with the most
dazzling light in their faces.
•? . *Tn"e fight lasted continuously for six
.hours, till dawn, when the putflankers
were forced back over the c&ptured-for
lifted hills, followed by the Japanese,
-who despite the fire of the . forts cap
ttured the forts and joined their force
from the valley.
:. CENTER AGAIX ATTACKS.
Suddenly • two powerful searchlights
of the east forts lighted up the Jap
anese lines, and Russian rifles and- ma-,
chine guns poured a deadly hall into
the clearly visible ranks of '• the ;»at-.
tacking troops. .. Despite; the awfnr
pzocess of. unequal ; annihilation, : the
Japanese stubbornly held the position^
gained, and their machine guns quick
ly located- "and '.'Qaleted -the -----Russian'
quick flrers. Finally the Japanese were;
slowly forced down the slopes to -'the'
trenches below. , _<-..._ ... ,. v ......
The general" assault then began, and
for_ twenty minutes the whole- Jap
anese line was engaged. The left di
vision from the .trenches in. front. ,. of
the- Keek van forts charged the for'ti-^
tied hills, jj Part of the. advance had
gained the crests and shouted "Ban
zai," when their . triumph was. . cut
short.. '..' :','.'+ ?."'.:X r i's* ¦'. '¦¦¦ "". i .. .
RUSSIAN SHIPS PARTICIPATE. ;
In . the afternoon *a -'battteshim ' ap
parently the- Retvizan, steamed .out p.f
the harbor and a. half dozen -.torpedo
boats chased the. Japanese torpedo
boats on duty off Port Arthur, the lat
ter rapidly rejoining their large war
vessels in the offing.
There was tremendous activity, the
rear lines sending forward :ammuni
tion.; The news came, in -whispers .that
a general assault along the whole line
would take place between* midnight
and 3 o'clock in" the "morning: For
hours after the ominous darkness and
silence was broken by an occasional
shell from the Japanese batteries,
while the Russians burst many stat
lights overiShuishi village, where they
made a feint to sortie Immediately af
ter a furious fusillade in the rear of
the captured forts. Here the Rus
sians, anticipating an assault, made a
strong counter attack. The Japanese
advance lines were - driven from the
forts and were furiously attacked" by
large bodies of Russians, who- also,
worked down pn.~ either side: of -the
captured Banjusan ..forts, to- the val
ley In an attempt to cut off the re-,
treat of the Japanese f f om the two
forts. The Russian move was cleverly
planned and the artillery command
ers were well informed, ' for they*
opened fire with shrapnel, on the ad
vance of the Japanese supports across
the valley, using starlight and search
light with good effect in the counter
attack on the Japanese forces. •" '-' :
Dawn of the 23d : developed, a- pe
culiar position. -• The 4jnpane.se had
pierced the Russian fortified- tidtje
east of Port' Arthur, in the form of a
wedge, while the entire line east and
west was still strongly held.
At daylight the Russians concen
trated their shrapnel fire on the cap
tured forts and the Japanese south of
Keekwan were ejected from their po
sitions. The Benjusan forts were sub
jected to an awful fire, but the Japan
ese in possession of them continue!
making bomb-proof trenches on the
hills. ¦ '-
tenches and they stubbornly held the
corner wall and a> small section of the
Russian trenches. until 5 o'clock, when
two -companies of another regiment
worked ' through "the trenches and at
tacked . the West Banjusan fort, me
magazine of which had been blown up
by a shell a short time before. Tak
ing advantage of a diversion of the
Russian fire, the Japanese attacking
the first fort forced the Russians back,
captured the fort at the point of the
bayonet and pursued the Russians
along the connecting trenches to the
Chinese wall.
The West Benjusan . fort .• was cap
tured at 7 o'clock, after a slight re
sistance. The Japanese .were^unibla
to occupy.it,: as. the", magazine; vwAs
blown , up, .but they Weld the* trench
line around the orest.
Karly on the morning of ..the 20th' the"; whole
force waa concentrated " In ¦ a •' furious r assault
on .the- west halfmoon. fort. -The Smoat* was
cross«dwith scaling ladders and' dynamite !and
hand » grenades ; were : used to destroy., the Rus -
elan entrenchments and bombproof, '.Walla.".''. The
flghting.-.whlfch lasted twenty, minutes^ was car
oled . on ;. at.* the " point ? of • the l bayonet:;* Finally
the Russians . were driven through. the connect
ing, trenches and the | other half moon forta were
all captured after alight resistance.";.,The-Japa
nea«-;casutt!tfe»;- were L 400.v The :¦ Russiana ! left
¦but Tew dead, In : their, positions.; 1 > , . -
-.The four half moon forts and the '"connecting
TAKEN .WITH ¦ THE ' BAYONET.
On the evening of the 14th a regiment of the
right division attacked half moon forta In the
ShuishI Valley \ from parallels fifty » yards • dis
tant. These forts were strong, connected ad
vance works, constructed in the form of* hol
low square, open > In s the r rear and extfnding
across the «pex of the valley/ from the foot of
Rlhlung- Mountain, to the' foct^; of ' the Antz
fortB. At • each corner: of the > square ¦ was" a
half moon fort. '' wlth^ bombproof : connecting
trenches on-three-aldeis.- On the southern front
the half moon forts and trenches were protected
by a moat similar to the. one In front of the
Rihlung Mountain*' redoubt. The -first assault
of the Japanese waa made before 'dark. A bat
talion and a -half advanced against the strong
est west : half moon fort- and -/two -companies
moved against the , east fort. : * Both .- attacks
were repulsed." 1 ;. Twice,; again • during the ' night
the Japanese made unsuccessful assaults upon
these. forta. ! -; • . -/;¦-¦' - •
- The defending, force, consisted of .only four
companies. "• The- Japanese casualties were more
than 1000. The Russians left only a few dead
In;, their positions. >. A ' torpedo tube and "- a
•number of ¦ flsh ¦ torpedoes were found in the
redoubt. ' .-aS'ygS'fM'iijBiHfli yWLjfev.-. -. ' -.-.--
The bombardment was started at dawn. The
Russians failed to reply till the afternoon,
which delayed the attacks until 5 o'clock in
the evening. • .".. .¦>
Three battalions of the center division ad
vanced from the parallels and attacked a "re?.
doubt at the foot of .Rlhlung- Mountain, which
the Japanese twice before had trled'\to' cap-"
ture. The works were strongly built and sur
rounded by a ditch, perpendicular walls and
breastworks. There was also a steep distance
to the top of the parapets and at the bottom
was a ditch twenty-five Veet deep. The In
terior of the redoubt was faced with heavy
Umbers, the trenches around were bombproof
and there were heavily constructed block
houses, loopholed for infantry and machine
guns. From the rear of , the redoubt -.- three
lines of trenches extended to Rlhlung fort.
The main attack was made against the
northeast corner and simultaneously a -Jap
anese battalion attacked . the cast Una of
trenches. The Japanese were met by a tremen.
dous fusillade from rifles and machine guns and
were forced to retire to their trenches, but at
4 o'clock In the morning the main attack. waa
made and the Japanese succeeded In capturing
the redoubt, .entering It through a breach made
by the artillery.
A fierce band-to-hand encounter • Inside the
redoubt followed, during which nitrate "and
hand grenades were used to destroy the block
houses, whose defenders stood their ground
until the last maji was bayoneted. The Rus
sian trenches were • captured and occupied by
the • Japanese, but the redoubt - was destroyed
with explosive*. '.-•¦.
While the, siege operation* were in progress
reinforcements, - mostly from the Second Re
serves, were added -to the ' existing units. - to
bring the army up to Its full strength, and it
was announced from headquarters that the
siege operations would be finished with a«gen
era! assault on September 19 upon the Jfahao
kayama ridge.- the 203-mefer hill, that of the
Moon forts of the' Bhuishl Valley and' the . re
doubt at the foot of Rlhlung Mountain.
SECONTD GENERAL ASSAULT.
' The Russians apparently had -an Inexhaust
ible fiUDply of heavy ammunition.' Hundreds
of ten and twelve Inch shells were hurled "at
'Japanese batteries when- they were located,
with serious effect; The heaviest Japanese guns
wnv 4.2 and ->i inch naval puns. At the end
of. August some heavier howitzers arrived and
"werV mounted on concrete. They were found
to be wonderfully effective. | It was wonderful
to sea how-, seventeen-ton guns - we re «. moved
miles over bad road*. " "¦
There are- plenty of volunteers for the des
perate " service of cutting entanglements and
recovering the wounded. Acts « of bravery
were Innumerable. . - ' - * '.
The pioneers suffered heavy casualtiea in
cutting entanglements. After the failure of
the regulation device for removing wires, the
pioneers- were sent to attach ropes to posts to
which entanglements were atached," and troops
in the " trenches . pulled the ropes, dragging
posts and heavy wires away. This worked eat.
iffactortly until the- enemy began -the um of
bracing wirei. The pioneers then advanced
and fell as thouch killed close- to the entan
glements and remained motionless until, un
observed. - they could ¦ work along- on their
backs under the wires, which they cut with
long eheare. As a result of this expedient the
Russians, made certain that all were dead who
fell near the entanglements.
The latest expedient was a steel shield cov
ering the face and body, suspended from the
shoulders of the pioneers, from behind which
the cutters were used. . I>ynamlte bombs are
used by the Russians against the Japanese
trenches and* advance works. For assaulting
forts, where it was impossible to use bombs,
wooden mortars were' made, bound with bam
boo. • .These are carried by tbe soldiers, and
with them bombs were thrown 60 to 150 yards.
These were the nywt effective of the' many de
vices tried by the . Japanese.
•In order to recover the wounded men, vol
unteers, crawled from the trenches at night
and worked along on their stomachs, pulling the
wounded slowly to cover by .the heels. . Many
of -the wounded were not recovered.
While the defenders of the Banjusana were
converting • the forts .and trenches Into bomb
proofs the, army waa "constructing a system
of eleire parallels, the left - division ; toward
the east, the center division toward the re
doubt at the: foot of the ¦. Crh . forts and the
right division toward the -.Lunettes" south of
Shuishi village. The Russians sortled and at
tacked working parties almost every night,
while guns bombarded by day. .- -•' .
As the Jar>anese trench line - neared the
entanglements on the fort hills the sorties be
came more frequent and ' determined. - Quarter
was neither asked nor given; the fiercest an
tagonism waa displayed, and even stretcher
bearers were killed. The cause of this was
that the Russians alleged that their forts were
bombarded while a messenger under a white
flag was delivering the Emperor's message oa
August Iti. The reeling was augmented, and
later all Kacs were unrecognized.
The Japanese casualties from the 19th
to the 24th were 14,000. The center di
vision alone lost 6000, and a single rec
iment lost 2500. Only six officers and
200 men of this regiment were left after
the fight. * ' ' . . :
The retention Vof the Russian" forts.'
giving'the Japanese a foothold on the
fortified ridge, was the sole result of
six days of general assault. The abil
ity of General Stoessel and the deter
mined spirit of the 'Russians had been
underestimated, and the experiment
was never repeated.
As with the Russians at Plevna, with
spirits dashed- by repulses and" heavy
losses, the Japanese army settled down
to sapping and making parallels. .
two weeks the Russians were unceas
ing in their efforts' to recapfure the
Banjusan forts. . They bombarded and
assaulted by day the bombproofs and
trenches which- the Japanese . repaired
•by night. Though the Japanese' resorted
to unoccupied decoy trenches T: and
bombpfoofs, the daily loss was 100 in
each fort until September 8. when the
Russians ceased their continuous ef
forts to recapture the forts.
FEROCITY OF THE FIGHTING.
COST OF THE ASSAULT.
During, the night' of the 24tn tue ranks
of the Japanese were so 'decimated by
the furious -shrapnel -fire of the-Rus
sians that they, were forced to retire to
the valley below: the captured forts,
and what might/have been a successful
general assault, with the capture of the
fortified ridge east of Port Arthur.. was
converted by: Russian tactics into a re
pulse, redeemed in: part by the won
derful fighting;, qualities of the Japan
ese infantry and their, refusal to accept
what seemed to be the inevitable. .
to scale the heights and •was forced to
intrench at the foot. .
Four assaults w«rev made by, the Japanese
during the next two days. but*, they were all
repulsed. ' The i- third regiment -was finally
compelled t<i retire from • the trenches at' the
foot of the hill, by a concentrated shrapnel . fire,
from the; valley below.. The -unsuccessful at
tempt to capture the advance fort resulted' In
2000 Japanese casualties. A hundred and
eighty Russian dead were found at .Nahao
kayarna. which waa * covered by a network .of
trenches and • bombproof s protected by. a steel
plate covered with earth walls and surrounded
by loopholes and sandbags.
The corners of ' the forts were strengthened
by steel plates and there were triple rows of
wire - entanglements on the hill slopes. The
Russian defending force was estimated • to
number 1000 men. The fort mounted three
field guns, two larger guns, and three-ma
chine-guns. Xahaokayama was protected by.
a double row of entanglements and two lines
of trenches, the upper line being partly bomb
proof. - ;.!.•.:;
The Japanese 1 were disappointed, at- their
failure to .capture the advance fort, .which
was the key. to toe western , fortified ridge.. :
FOUR ASSAULTS REPULSED.
'The ' artllleiy' duel" - continued- until • 5:30
o'clock In the evening, when -the first Japanese
regiment, carrying its flags, advanced up the
slope of Haokayama to the dead ground which
the single- company had gained the previous
night. The Russians retired to their first line
<jf trenches during the night and several lines
of "Japanese were extended along the slope
under cover, of. the -ridge. .They carried the
ridge line on the crest of the hilL
The rush of the Japanese was a splendid
spectacle, ending with a bayonet encounter
with the Russians on the full sky line. Stones,
bayonets, swords and hand grenades were used
by both sides. The utmost ferocity waa dis
played. ' ¦
When the Japanese had carried the east
halt of the ridge the Russians retired to the
west. Before darkness the Japanese were In
possession of the- whole ridge,- which they re
tained despite an awful . shrapnel fire from the
Chair Hill. Tiger's Tail and Llaotl forts, j
At 10 o'clock in" the evening the third
regiment advanced on ' the southwest elope of.
the advance fort on ' Nahaokayama > H1U. A
email party, gained the fort on the crest, ; but
was driven out the next' day. , ,
h-By 11 o'clock a small party of the. second
regiment '. charged * forward io-: gain'.* the : foot
of the west slope. The Russian" batteries .were
evidently waiting for. the Japanese/aa.a'.won
derful shrapnel fire . was opened : on - them.
Every man seemed - to - fall. Although at
rifle range the- firing of shrapnel continued for
twenty minutes, .until' all the-, Japanese were
mowed down..." .-• , . . " . ¦. - -
* During the 'night a party of sappers cleared
away the Russian : . wire entanglements. The
Japanese bombardment began at dawn on the
20th and all- the morning the slopes of the
hill were transformed Into an inferno by
shells. . -v '"'.¦ ¦¦'=: .".= ",' " '" '¦' '¦
AN IXFERNO OF SHELLS,
In' the meantime a second Japanese regiment
advanced from the west slopes, of a 203-meter
hill and a third regiment moved against the
southwest' slopes. .The second regiment was
unable to make much progress, but' the third
regiment reached the ¦ foot of the . southwest
slope.
The attack ; upon ¦ the 2O.'5-meter hill and the
ridge Immediately. north of ltr»called-Nahaoka
yama, was started 'at 5 o'clock- In' the evening
of*the 10th by two regiments of the Right di
vision. and one regiment of the Second division.
The First Regiment advanced against Nahaoka
yama from' trenches close. to the Russian lines.
A*. Japanese company, 'in parties of ten and
twenty, reached the dead ground on the north
east extremity of the'ridge. A Japanese offi
cer who waSjleadlng his mien' acroas the fire
zone dropped ""and remained motionless," while
the ground about" him ' was plowed up, by bul
lets fifteen minutes after he fell. - -
•In. spite of the furious bombardment .with
which the Japanese artillery supported the as
sault'..the Japanese- Infantry could not ad
vance any farther and was Compelled, to spend
the "¦ night In dead ground, close to the first
Russian trench line. ' .'¦ .
trenches were held by. a thousand Russian*.
The west fort mounted two quick-firing guns,
one field sun and three machine guns. The
fort In the rear of .the west fort had one quick
firing gun and one machine gun; the east fort
haMno.guns;- Vhe fort, in the rear .of. tJSe east
fort was armed with a field gun and two mor
tars. . All -the , Russians' . guns were ¦ captured,
but. had been destroyed or , their, breech . blocks
removed. ." A torpedo tube and a number of flsh
torpedoes '^were found In the halfmopn forts.
There! were- also 'three unexploded. mines in
front of the , west 'arid east half moon .forts.
Quarter Neither Asked J\[or Given
by Slav and Nipponese.
Enormous Losses of
¦ the Besiegers
in Attack,
LONG SERIES OF BATTLES
Sinking of -the Ya
tsMma Is at Last
Admitted.
Celebrates the Anni|
yersary of Its Em
peror's Birth.
Fighting as Viewed From the Jap*
anese Lines.
JAPAN'S NAVY
LOSES A FINE
BATTLESHIP
NIPPON PAYS
TRIBUTE TO
THE MIKADO
PORT ARTHUR
COMMANDANT
IS WOUNDED
FIRST DETAILED HISTORY OF A MODERN SIEGE
BRAVE OLD STOESSEL STILL HOLDS THE FORT DESPITE NOGI'S HEAVY GAINS
THE SAN ERANGISGO |GALIi, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 4,^ 1904;
THE CALL to-day presents the first detailed. Account of
the siege of Port- Arthur, as .viewed, from the Japanese
lines, from the time'of the first ¦general jassauit^ to itriat of
the third, which is now in^grq^e^s/- /Its^vl^cnption "^bf the
modern methods employed 'in; the reduction of a great' strong
hold is of absorhing interest, and the: record of the fanatical
dash and daring of the "Japanese, opposed byl the stubborn
courage of the Russian garrison; and the brilliant tactics of
gallant Stoessel, is one to thrill the reader. .' V . >.
.TANGIER.' Nov." 3.-^-The Russian bat
tlesHips;Sis¥^',Vpliki;;Oslayb^
Nakhimbff^nd Dimitri :"X)onBkoi, fcorn
manded by ; "Admifkl Voelmersam,* have
sailed'for Siida Bay." 1 ' . '^JSSSBSSSi
of Baltic ' Fleet.
2
2 ADVEnTISEMEXTS. __ J[_
Qt'i a s . Keilus &. Co.
E c 1 u s j v e
High-Gracle «- Clothiers
No Branch £ terra. No Agent*.
you take'-no. chances'
getting clothes here.
ALL T H E^G 0 0 D N E S S
THAT EMAN.ATES FROM
SKILLFUL DESIGNERS
AND MASTER T A I L 0 R S
WE PUT INTO GARMENTS.
K. e a r:n y Stre e t
Th u r 1 o w B lock
:: ;\*1^ ">¦;'.. ? ' „ ADVERTISEMENTS. -
A Word to Young
en About Clothes '
¦^^^te^^W^E"""' ' Srotes For $7.50 •
• ? \ :v^^^^j^^^|^^^^^:-" You have outgrown boyish fashions
M^:$B $^^^^^^& in cl ? thes > but are not Quite- ready for
-vm^^PS^^^^^^ men's garments. We have made for
V f r^v^^^^S5-tt y° u certain clothes embodying every
'(:¦>'</> ?M^^fe^^M^fiL "• quirk and curl of men's fashions, yet
¦M^J^W^tKKS^^ ¦ th ?* cut of the suit is y° ut h ful - T he
'Wx*^ y~- jBHflrailli^ suits are broad chested with narrow
v 'fc\P^ ' lapels, close fitting neck and concave
1m\ /Iff "i^ff^^^^^^P shoulders. The garments are quite
Hi! ¦ \> '¦^wS^SB^m' similar to our men's clothes, except'
that the patterns are brighter with a
fi^r^ Sil^^^^^^ft Young men's suits,. ages 14 to 19
: /irf f li^^ft^ : : ; y ears » ma( ? e °( Scotch tweeds and
: 4vLT~ 1 X W^^0?^^ fanc y cneviots^ in a assortment of
- f al1 colo r in § s ' aIso nav Y blue unfin-
r^^jSmt^MBk ~ : ished worsted cheviots; garments can
• : - II '•^/^^S t^^fe%^ be hadin . sin £ le or double breasted
¦ ,¦ / 1 i I \ j^ 1 ¦ styles j price $7.50.
¦ ' ; v : T-r :^^W3R We made the garments ourselves.
- otherwise the price would be S10.00!
Good pocket knives' free with all.
"?^^^^^^^skctch«jfroiiife suits and overcoats in our bdys^" and.
-^^^^^^^ copyright 1904 youths' department ' . ;. ;.
Boys' Hats; 90c 1>^ /V\ - Shirt*' Waists, 15c , I:
We carry the largest, stock VAJ • U/o/ g 8| H | S An 0 S H CaUco and flann?let'e shVt,
'¦ of boys' hats west of Chicago. V-^l » -Vr Vr 1^ 13/ H \^ wa!sts;sixes 4 to- 13; bio uses,-
K 'Any '\ shape 1 or .'icdlorVcaii tbe .-¦> 1 TT« »^J r .\Jr sizss 4 'to 10;* good quality
i :hadfor9pc;$r.CO,:$l.3Qpr. : . jrk .-•- *: •-..-*¦'. ;¦-; ; -: .-> - ¦"." * V '.<• re?5«lar 25 c values; special at *
? -^r.Qs^-.Vvi-^n^ •,?-¦:•¦. ¦«¦¦.;.'¦•¦-. 740 Market Street- : is c . ?P^ CMU *¦Th» parcels poet will soon-be ex
tended to Japan. "¦' . - . :
. Joseph Madden is held at the . City
Prison and his companion, John Rior
dan of 1109 Vallejo . street, is^at the
Central Emergency '. Hospital ¦ with his
right 1 foot amputated. RIordan and
Madden had been ' stealing, a : ride ; to
the city on Wednesday, night and near
San Mateo : Rior dan's right foot * was
crushed by the cars. : He and Madden
were taken into the baggage 'car and
Madden, was- seen -by- the -conductor
and' other train hands going ; through
Riordan's pockets "and taking $5.
When the train reached the city. Mad
den ¦ turned ' over -to Policeman
Bruce. : RIordan declared he would
not'prosecute T himv^ *
Robs Ills' Wounded Companion.
George A- Wright was interviewed
at his home last night. He said that
'his resignation had been accepted by
Collector Lynch and that he had not
been short in his accounts or com
mitted embezzlement In any manner.
Mr. Wright is a nephew of Mrs.
Walter N. Dimmick. He came, from
Los Angeles four years ago to succeed
Deputy Frick, -who had gone into the
law business. Up to the present time
he has always borne an excellent rep
utation and has many friends. A lit
tle more than a year ago Mr. Lynch
was obliged to reprimand him for
neglecting - the duties of his office by
reason of -,his convivial habits, but
since his marriage shortly afterward
h*> made a notable reform in* that re
gard WSKtKSSBBSSBtk
A special dispatch received from
Washington last night says that the
discovery was made a few days ago
by Special Revenue Agent B. M.
Thomas that Wright was short in his
accounts. An examination . of the
books disclosed that the shortage
amounted to the sum of $4000, which
Eum was paid to Collector Lynch yes
terday, the shortage having begun last
April and having been increas
ed to the sum stated by sub
sequent embezzlements. It is not
believed in the Commissioner's depart
ment that Wright gambled away all
this money, "but from Information re
ceived from San Francisco." continues
the dispatch, "it Is evident that the
unfortunate young man had become
the victim of some unscrupulous
friends. It is expected that United
States District Attorney Marshal] B.
"Woodworth for the Northern District
of California will be instructed to
prosecute the dismissed official."
"that he may have 'held out' money
and afterward replaced it, but that
fact cannot be ascertained until we
have concluded our investigation into
liis accounts; but we have gone far
enough to know that none of the
money, stamps or other property is
missing. It is true that 1 demanded
and received h}s resignation."
Bert M. Thomas declined to make
any statement other than that he and
Sir. Lynch were making an Investiga
tion of WrJght's accounts and that
Wright was no longer in the Govern
cient service.
Collector Lynch said yesterday th"at
he and United States Revenue Agent
'Bert M. Thomas had been investigat
ing Wright'* accounts and had found
that there was no shortage whatever.
He himself, he said, had .demanded
Mr. - Wright's resignation because
Wright had beerj careless in his work,
allowing his accounts to run behind,
and had been guilty of irregularities.
"It may t>e." added Mr.' Lynch,
Following upon the scandalous de
falcation of Cashier Norton and In
ternal Revenue Collector O. M. Wel
burn and the "graft" of William H
•DiUard a few years later, comes an
oiher scandal in the internal revenue
oflic*. in which George A. Wright,
chief deputy under Collector John C.
Lynch, is the 'culprit. Mr. Wright
v;as summarily dismissed from the
Government service at the close of
the month of October by order of the
'Commissioner of Internal Revenue at
Washington, it having been ascer
tained that the chief deputy had em
bezzled a iarge sum of money from
the Government.
KEXDALL, GETS SALARY.— C. Q. Ken
dall's application for a writ of mandamus com
pelilnr the Auditor r to audit his warrant : fcr
$85 salary as assistant chemist and bacteriplo
xist of the Health Department was granted by
Judge Hebbard yesterday, holding: that Kendall
had been regularly appointed. The Auditor's
defense was that lie had no money with which
to pay Kendall without violating the" "one
twelfth" act. <-•;•: :¦'*¦>¦: ¦¦¦¦.¦ - . ¦ s. -•¦.:.
CHICAGO. Nov. 3. — A money count
ing and adding contest has been held
at the Fhrst National Bank under
the auspices of the American Institute
of Bank Clerks. Twelve packages 'of
mixed bank bills of $5, $10 and $20
denominations and aggregating $6000
each were carried Into a cage under the
guard of twelve policemen. Twelve
representatives from as many Chicago
banks sorted the money, "proved". It,
counted it into $500 packages, strapped
It up and initialed it under 'the 'critical
gaze of 500 Of their fellow clerks.
The first prize was won by Lemoyne
S. Hatch pf the First National Bank in
21 minutes 6 4-5 seconds. Neatness,
accuracy and speed were the essential
points.
Novel Contest to Test Speed of Money
Handlers Held In the
Windy City.
.., Chief Justice Fuller will be 72
years old on February 11, 1905. He
is accordingly entitled to retire from
the. bench and enjoy a salary of $10,
500 a year as long as he lives.
' WASHINGTON, Nov. 3. — Chief Jus
tice Melville W. Fuller of the Su
preme Court of the United States
plans, it is said, to resign his high of
fice: on March* 5,. 1905, the day after
he has administered the oath of office
to the, successful candidate ¦' In the
Presidential election next Tuesday.
"3^ If Roosevelt be elected it
is -reported to be his plan to offer the
post of Chief Justice to William H.
Taft, Secretary of War. There is no
official confirmation of these reports.
Secretary of War Taft, It Is Said, Will
Be Appointed to ; the High^
, Station.
CHIEF J USTICE FULLER
¦".. TO RESIGN IN MARCH
EMBEZZLES
CASH AID IS
DISCHARGED
HARD BLOW
FOR BOARD
OF HEALTH
CHICAGO^ BANK CLERKS
. COUNT CASH AGAINST TI3IE
FRENCH NOBLEMAN AND HUM
BLE MECHANIC WHO CLAIMS
HIS TITLE AND ESTATE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3. — Hundreds of
specialists in diseases of the throat
from this and many other cities havo
gathered to hear what they consider
one of the 'most important papers on
cancer of the larynx ever presented in
this country. It was prepared and
read -toy Sir Felix Seraon of London
under the auspices of the section of
laryngology and rhinology of the New
York Academy of Medicine.
Sir Felix laid great stress upon the
necessity for men who had reached
the age of 40 years to watch closely
for symptoms of cancer of the larynx.
He advised those approaching middle
age not to delay in seeing a physician
if he were troubled by hoarseness.
The redness of the throat and the for
mation of a nodule in the vicinity o£
the larynx were danger signals which,
he said, should not be neglected.
Sir Felix, in contradicting the the
ory of many American petitioners,
declared that if the cancer were rec
ognized in its early stages It could be
cured without the removal of the lar
ynx, wsi
Cancer of Larynx Subject of Paper
Prepared for Gathering by Able
-"/j» r J; English Doctor/
THROAT SPECIALISTS 3IEET
AXD DISCUSS DISEASE
descendant of the elder brother Josq
the heir to the property. .
SHARP CONTEST PROMISED.
The Marquis professes to treat the
claims of the blacksmith with con
tempt, but it is declared; that he has
secretly, used his wealth and influence
to' put 'every obstacle in the way of
those 7 who are soekins ¦ evidence to
prove him an' impostor,'. in- which ¦ he
is assisted by the Spanish authorities.
Parish registers and original docu
ments of „ which : certlfte!d ; copies have
been obtained, have mysteriously dis
appeared and Spanish witnesses have
been ¦ arrested on flimsy % pretexts,
among them the magistratewho drew
up the certified copy of the. real Alex
andro's death.
, The story is virtually a twentieth
century version of that of the Marquis
de Carabas. Popular interest in it has
been heightened by a theory put for
ward that it is a se<iuel to the Hum
bert case and that the old Marquis
was the original Crawford who fur
nished the millions with which La
Grande Therese ETulled her creditors.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 3.— Mrs. Louis
Szellig of 1424 Olive street to-day called
upon Assistant Prosecuting Attorney
Dalton and asked him to aid her in re
covering possession of her little daugh
ter, seven years old. She said the child
was now in San Francisco with its
father, Daniel Szellig. She told Dalton
she was separated from her husband
and had been for some time. Six weeks
ago, she said, he had abducted' the
child, at the same time taking their
savings l amounting to- $135. . ,
"I did not know what had become of
him or my child," she said. "I tried to
get some trace of them, but not until
this morning did I know where he had
Cone. I got. a letter from him. dated
at San Francisco. In it he says Ouve
is sick and wants to come back to me.
He says I must send transportation
and he will send the child. I would
do this but for lack of funds."
When Dalton told .her he could do
nothing unless Szellig returned to St.
Louis, she was greatly disappointed.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 3. — The airship of
Captain T. S. Baldwin, which sudden
ly slipped away last night as it was
beln*" towed in from the country to the
aeronautic concourse, was found to
day sixteen miles west of St Lcruis. . It
was unharmed by its wild night flight
save for two small rents in the gas
bag. which Captain Baldwin stated
could be repaired in half an hour.
Word reached Baldwin late in the
day that his airship had been found.
He and Aeronaut Knabenshue hurried
to the scene In an automobile and were
rejoiced to find the aerial craft unin
jured with the exception of the two
light tears In the ballotm.
Captain Baldwin to-night said that
he expected to have the airship in
readiness for a flight by Saturday af
ternoon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"California Arrow" Lands
Few Miles to Westward of
Spot Where It Broke Loose
Asks St. Louis Police to Aid
in Regaining Daughter
Now in San Francisco
BALDWIN FINDS
LOST AIRSHIP
MOTHER WOULD
RECOVER CHILD
There was consternation in the office
of the Board of Health yesterday after
noon when Superior Judge Hebbard
handed down a decision that knocks
out the contention of the- board that
it has power to make appointments
without the approval of the Civil Serv
ice Commissioners. The opinion was
contained in a denial of the application
of James P. McQuade, Assistant War
den of the Cfty and County Hospital;
for a writ of mandate compelling
Auditor Harry Baehr to audit his sal
ary warrant.
The decision affects the status of Sec
retary Louis Levy of the Board of
Health and a number of employes who
have from time to time, in recent
months, been appointed to positions in
the various departments controlled by
the board without the formality of con
sulting the Civil Service Commission.
Up to the first of the year there was
in the gift of the Board of. Health an
office designated "Secretary of the City
and County Hospital." James McQuade
was the choice of the board for the po
sition, J)ut it was found that the civil
service rules barred him from being ap
pointed to it, A special meeting of the
board was called on January 9 and an
office designated "Assistant ' Warden
and Custodian" was created, to which
McQuade was "assigned." A salary of
$125 per month was voted him. Baehr
refused to audit the salary warrant,
hence the suit. , ,
Devoto^& Richards, his attorneys,
argued that the board had the right,
in the interest of economy,' to abolish
the former office and -that as the duties
of assistant warden and custodian
were different from those of a clerk
the offices could not be considered as
similar. - ¦ . »
The attorneys for the Auditor, - in
their brief, which was held good ' by
the court, contended that there was
only one question involved: Was J.he
applicant ever duly and legally ap
pointed to the position which he fills?
Granted, they said, that the board had,
power to abolish the position of clerk-*
a position under the classified service—
and to remove Wolfe and create a new
position without, the approval of the
Civil Service Commissioners, all* of
which is .denied, the fact remained
that the board had no power to: ap-'
point McQuaide without the consent of
the Civil Service Commission, . which
refused to give such consent. .
-,The ruling of Judge Hebbard,'it:is
understood, will affect the other cases
In the Board -of Health, wherein! the
positions of secretary and sanitary, in
spectors were abolished, new- offices
created and new men appointed to fill
them. The ousted employes have ap
plications for writs of mandate pend
ing.
Evidence, it is said, will , be> pro
duced showing:" that ; the tastes 'of the
Marquis and; hlsf associate,' are\really
those i of , Spanish , peasants; ; that when
alone they ; prefer sitting at ; a'* kitchen
table and, eating lbread s and: onions, », to
a sumDtuou»*'meal; served . in: style/
Further/ it,' is ' declared '¦. that ' the ; Span
ish of V the ¦¦ Marquis ; is <*¦ by no t means
that \ of '. a ; man ' ;of ; rank f and -education.'
\? Oonzalo ' Mora" died ! many.'years » ago/
accor,ding : to the 1 claimant,* In thesame
year " a« \the'_: real £ *Alexandro, -jwhich
leaves .* the blacksmitb aa ' the ' direct
'Subsequent, investigation, it is as
serted, has furnished proof that the
pseudo . Marquis", is really .a-- man
named Foix,\;bornV In- 1844, and .a
nephew of fa steward* of the old Mar
quis. This- steward,; it is further de
clared ; by ' the > backers of «' the I black
smith,, i3 r the: same man who now,re
sides • at c. the ' palace »; in , the Rue ' ¦, de
Berri, ostensibly, as the steward of the
Marquis i de Casa Riera; - It ; is his'tu
telage, : it , is maintained, l:,which ' ; has
enabled FoixUo- carry the Imposture
through successfully -and in return for
his: assistance he shares in the Riera
millions. • -: . ?. : ; • : ¦
In Spain the old Marquis had many
poor relations, and. some of them
dreamed of the huge fortune which
had been left in Paris rand wondered
how it happened that no share "of ; it
had come to them. Among them was
the blacksmith, Peter Riera, a man of
great natural shrewdness and keen
appreciation of the value, of : money,
for which all his .life he had worked
so hard. A few; months ago he jour
neyed from Catalonia .to Parts to in
quire into the" matter, for. ; himself.
Learning - that the old Marquis had
been blind and infirm for many years
before his death, he came to the con
clusion that there was good ground
for an action to set : his will aside on
the ground of the testator's mental in
capacity. .
For this undertaking he found some
pecuniary, support, but -the results of
researches and inquiries made con
vinced him and his financial • allies
that he had a far better case than he
had.. figured Voni\ Chief among these
was the discb'very.as proven by a par
ish register, it was alleged, that Alex
andro Mora, brother, of ; Jose I Mora,*
had died in 1878 at San Martino de
Sarroca; more thanithree years before
Jose; himself died. From' this followed
naturally the conclusion ¦ that the man
who ' had obtained "possession of the
property, of, the Marquis was an im
postor-who had personated the dead
Alexandro Mora. ¦:¦
DAMAGING EVIDENCE.
POOR RELiATIOX BOBS UP.
Jose Mora survived his inheritance
only forty-seven days, dying suddenly,
and report has it unaccountably, in
Madrid. The estate was .then taken
possession of by. the man. who claimed
to be Jose's* brother. Alexandro, and
who for some twenty-three years has
been known as the Marquis de Casa
Riera. "
The Marquis died in Paris at a great
age In 1S81 and for sixteen years prior
to that he had been totally blind. He
had executed two wills. In the first
he bequeathed his property to a cousin,
who is still living, a nonogenarian, at
Barcelona. In the second will,. which
is dated two years before his death, he
left the bulk of the property 'to ' his
nephew, Jose Mora y Riera, and in
case of his death to another nephew,
Alexandro Mora. A third nephew.
Gonzalo a brother of the other two,
was bequeathed a million franos,. /
The. Marquis did not deny his guilt,
but on account of his position and
what were regarded as extenuating
circumstances he was allowed \o leave
the country and settled in Paris, oc
cupying the sumptuous hotel in the
Rue de Berri, in which the black
smith confidently expects i he will re
side some day. The palace in ' the
Calle del Alcala remained tenantless
for twenty-five years, save for the
memories of the grim tragedy that had
been enacted there, and with its doors
walled up. It was known as the
house of silence until it was torn down
and rebuilt.
WILL OF THE MARQUIS.
When he was fifty he married a
beautiful girl of eighteen, a daughter
of one of his tenant farmers. Eleven
months after her marriage the young
Marchioness was found murdered in
the palace, pierced by a dagger in a
score of places. A baby had' been born
whose paternity, on account of its
color, the Marquis disputed. There
was a negro servant in his household
who met with a sudden and violent
death at the same time as did the
Marchioness. :.\'^<%
The utcry opens with the first Mar
quis de Casa Riera, who was a man
of humble origin, but rose 'to be a
grandee of Spain and chamberlain of
the Queen. The source of his great
wealth has always been a mystery, but
it is alleged to have originated in the
theft of an immensely valuable casket
of jewels from his royal mistress.
However acquired, he gained a large
fortune and lived in. great splendor,
about the middle of the last century,
in a palace in the'Calle del Alcala,
Madrid. -' r '-'(Z i/v
The story, as it has now been pieced
together, on which the blacksmith re
lies to win his suit is as weird and
dramatic as many famed works of fic
tion. It has aroused intense interest
in the trial, which will begin in a few
weeks and bids fair to become as fa
mous in legal annals as that fight of
the butcher claimant for the Tichborne
millions.
PARIS, Nov. 3.— One of the most
singular features of the legal fight now
being waged between the poor Spanish
blacksmith, Pierre Riera, and the Mar
quis de Caaa Riera, for the latter's vast
fortunes and estates, is the fact that
the nobleman's comparitively youthful
a'ppearance, upon which he especially,
prides " himself, is being- used as a
weapon against him to justify/the
blacksmith's claim that he is an im
postor. The Manjuis, if he be the in
dividual he has long represented him
self.to be, is now eighty-one years old.
But he is remarkably vigorous and ac
tive and looks like a well preserved
man of sixty.
According to his blacksmith rival,
who alleges that he has documentary
evidence to prove it, that is his real
age. If he is only sixty it is certain
that he is not the Marquis 'de Casa
Riera and the blacksmith will gain the
title and the property and the 'fortune
of between $30 000,000 and $40,000,000
which goes with them. *
But it is not alone the striking dis
parity between the apparent years , of
the Marquis and the age he says he is
which has caused many influential per
sons to back- the poor man in his fight
against the rich man and supply him
with the means of prosecuting his
claim. Recent evidence that has been
gathered has satisfied many, shrewd
lawyers that he really.- has a good case
and stands a fair chance of ousting the
Marquis and occupying his palatial
residence in the Rue de Berri.
• TRAGEDY DARKENS STORY.
Brands Mari of Title as a Fraud
and Files a Suit For His Estate
BLACKSMITH OPPOSES MARQUIS
f -. ¦ ¦ ¦ ... ¦ , . # - ¦ " , • ¦ -. . ._ ; t -
THE SAN^FRANGISCO GAbE/ FRIDAY; NOVEMBER: 4; 1904:
3
7"""" ' '.'"" ¦'"..'".'•¦' .. io'^-.. v -. >^7 .
Suits as Pictured W^&0'^^ •
Regular $12.50 Value for \i \m\\i I T^% • '
There is a saying in business circles that. /| H.---^^^^^^ t^^^^HH^Sl^^fe [£ -i
trade is always quiet just before a Presiden- ""^'^^Tra!)^^^^^HBi^K2^ ;
tial election. People's attention is occupied . ' ' : '^- r^' mi '^'WtBw^^tKKtBSSS^Sl
with interest in the campaign and but little '^' ;^^&wSfy '^^B^^^^^^^^^W
to be just as vigorous and strongs as ever. f -7^£k?£^^ -S^^^^^^^^^^ ¦ ¦•:
¦H^^>-V :r H ; «*»>r^^1>v*i5:|: illiihAnV fY\ iMen's Shirts, $1.00
i.i A l th^?l? eewel>a y e -SS? a!l i ev^7i tyI1811 T^'ArVlfW !JM "All I §* . These ore laundered shirts with stiff
block of the season in stiff and soft, shapes. . W / " bosoms. They come in an the colors of the
They arc thewme quaUtyyoutee in exclusive J •.:;,¦¦ T;.T',? .... ... ....... V season.- SepVate link cuffs whh each shirt.
stores marked >2.5O..,;' H Af\ Ma«.t>A^- C+ -«.«.+ Price SI OO
""- - ¦"-"'•¦ ••¦ • *• - ¦'¦'¦¦- - ¦ ¦•'•¦• ¦- - ¦-• -i--- V4U ma rKet street • i ;jz£?j-rr' - ... , . - , .
n OPENING *T
TO-MORROW AND
THEREAFTER
M- HELLER & FRANK M
f INCORPORATED Kg) \
"will sell the #
j5| HIGHEST TYPE OF #|
B MEN'S CLOTHES .fe
| MARKET STREET |
g AND GRANT AVENUE |
Jg[ : V jgl
' \i r })'M:<-j i.'7'.x'.i j;>:As.vt ••'y'j •¦N^».';^ l j^^>;» 1 A^.y. ijy^
.-...-' ' ¦ PKAGERS ' . :
I Friday Surprise No. 1 7
| Prices fcr To- Day Oniv
I] $1.50 Wrappers, 77c
B ¦ (Second Floor)
| . These Women's Flannelette Wrappers have been reduced specially
U for this one day. They are made of fine, heavy grade Flannelette,
f* with a yoke and caps over the shoulders; the collar, BSjBBEgi
LJ yoke and cuffs ire trimmed with braid. They are § g ff&
h made extra full and come in an unusually big assort- B Mil
gl t: ' ment of dark and medium colors; there are all sizes. ¦ ¦ 1 ¦
i The style of these wrappers is excellent. To-day the H B
p price is ™ "
I Grocery Department Specials for Friday
n (Fourth Floor)
[] "Quality" is one of the chief features of these specials. Every ar-
Lj tide is of the most dependable kind. Our prices always insure you
h a big saving; more so to-day:
w The Best Creamery Butter — Cer- Jesse Moore * Whiskey— the gen-
!? tain to make yoa one of our reg- uine A. A. a bottle ". . .SOe
j! ular customers; to-day a ?f« Pabst Best Malt Extract— A fine
\i square */**W nerve tonic— a dozen. ... .$2rlO
I Coffee — Java and Mocha — our Bourbon Whiskey — 6 years old —
j Tower brand — worth 40c lb; to- sour mash — a bottle*. 65c
\ day 2 *>« Boiled Cider — The very best qual-
I Ivory Soap— The large size — Proc- ity— quarts .4Oc
tor & Gamble's— four cakes..itt»c | Jamaica Rum — Quart bottle. .85c
1 75c Tea Pots 25c Fanc y and
8<id Floor) Shades
As a Frl- (3d Floor)
day Sur- The Friday T3t^5S3&
<*J4 H»52??i?^^k pri!«e we Surprise contrj- .^pSisiok,
Illl <- S "enameled beautiful paper 1 A I
Vvt best ware pink. Nile green, b$»
ri s§»|Sr???^PrA ' tured. It These are jupt Kg
4 blue enamel. Tliey come in three table a decided *¦*
Q sires — 2*4 pints. 3 pints and 4 pints — tone. At our price they are wj
H *nd Well repularly at 35c. 50c and 75c exceptional values .^ if*
» You may have your choice Friday
J 25c Candles to match 3c
Great Stationerypffering $1.45 Comforters 89c
1 2* rf:»<?ts and 24 envelcp^s to match of (Main Floor)
g rood weddins x>l&te stock. This pap«r
[| it :>jt up in decoraifd and embossed Here ' s a Friday Surprise that every
fc> rover boxes and pc4d regularly »t 26c. , .... „
I Special for Friday Burprts?, i JA C housekeeper will welcome. We
H Z.^Ht'Ji'A'Jiifi'"L " V '¦i.-i--i' Vi» have p'+ted on sale a full sire Com-
u rHVELO?ES — A XXX white • fl _- _. „„ y^.^ , . „ .
n "!airt Envelope, size S and «*i inches. iorter. flgrured on both sides and
jj fj#cial Friday Surprise, a pack- Q« filled with the finest pure white
€ TAKbZTS^Putnun " Bond.' "Tuxedo. sanitary cotton. thick
f Old Fashion Unen and CKerland; this and fluffy, just like Cif\
J is note and letter Fl f e in either ruled down; the reduced price XWP
y or r'ain: sold reisrularly «t 15c. An Op . * \J / V'
_ offennfr to-day at ™v is f
n y — — —
Jf L'nen Scarfs a i y Japanese
3 5 4** inches: ff K AIM'AYS RELIABLE Rpa'nes'e
IffSta F MARKET&dQNESStS. fe^
l] as a Friday This will be
f| ofr^rins we =============================== j n order for
m will sell - •¦.-"' ¦. , , Fridav onlv
3 them tu ¦ AH the Shopping Inducements that* have at> yar d. *
~\ 35c I made this store popular are still here. £jcStrenuous , Day- for, Fairbanks.
The of ithe« TWrtjrrseV
Vnd-'Asseiably i District / in 1' South?' San
Francisco) rallied /around? their Vparty
leaders I last : night [ In ¦ Masonic r Hall,*: at
Fourteenth' and * Railroad; avenues.*' The
hall was (Wed " and | the large audience
enthusiastically^ cheef ed i each speaker
andUhe , mention~of . prominent 'Repub^'
Jicans^:;^.,.:v. i *•:•;.. ' : U ~ : : .'; u -">v, '¦';» £'*' ; '""
l{ Bernard - LaGrave, a well-known ¦ Re -
publican^ of t the i district,"; occupied/, the
chair '/and'! introduced ": the" "speakers.!
,The' first t to \ address \ the": meeting ! was
t Thlrty r Second Turns Out. to. Greet the
; *¦ Candidates. .
SOUTH '; SAN FRANCISCO RALLY.
PET ALUM A,'; Nov.; 3.— A*Iarge audi- 1
ence I heard .Theodore '. A. Bell.*, Derno-j
cratic : . nominee ; ; forl Congress, 1 ! at^ "an
open-air/, meeting : ~: here ; this " evening.
Clarence F. Lea < of Santa: Rosa' also
addressed . the -meeting.^ clearly
outlined hia policy, and that of his
ty. 'His remarks* met with? much ap
plause: ..- ¦¦*':,¦.'•'-'¦..•<¦>' •"' '-'A ',"¦*%• .
Bell Speaks ¦ at Petaluma:
NEW > YORK, Nov. 3.— -Pat ¦ Sheedy,
the sporting; man. who said ; he ''had
been ; vainly looking for $20,000 *of
Parker money „ to be put up against
$100,000," which; he. was -carrying
around in '$1000 bills,. announced to
day that he had dropped In' upon John
W. Gates, and had been informed' that
Gates _was . anxious? to bet on'Rdose
velt and had succeeded in placing one
wager,.-, of * $100,000 'against* $20,000.
The -name: of "the ¦¦-Parker.; bettor w^a
rioUdisclosed.",. Gates. said to ; Sheedy: ;•-:>'
: ,"Pat, I have^bet $100,000 to $20,000
on Roosevelt- and-I will take five more
bets' like it." ; * . ¦•:,
John W. Gate? Looking for Parker
¦ Money at 5 to 1. : ./
HAS A MILLIOy TO WAGER.
Enthusiasm prevailed at the Repub
lican .meeting of. the Thirty-third As
sembly District held at- Murphy's Hall.
Ocean View, last [\ night '\'-'i Men', irre
spective of. party heard -able speakers,
discuss the'earripaigri issues and j from
the demonstration it was evident that
the citizens of this district realize the;
prosperity " they have, been 'enjoying
and do not intend- to 'make a : change.
. Dr. Vandre, presided , and the" fol
lowing! addressed the 'assemblage: A.
E. , ; Hayes, Republican ., candidate' for
Congress from the Fifth , District; : Fred
Meincke," Republican candidate -for
.the' Assembly -from the Thirty-third
Assembly District; L. Murphy, . John
Daley and Judge \ Van Duser. '
: •:-.; When : E. A. Hayes' took\the "plat-'
form' the' crowd gave him; a rousing
reception 'that vindicated his. strong,
lead : in this neighborhood. He said : i ,
i±. I know ; the ; wants of ¦ the * laboring ¦ m«n.^ I
rertalnly have had enough dealings with them j
as ; an employer, to know, .> I have: yet to have.
a complaint made .against the treatment I ex*
.tended . them, :' in ' regard ¦' to J wages - and * hours.'
It Is my ambition to represent you In -Congress
and r. live down some ™ of . the » attacks • made
against me by my political opponents. If 1 go
to Congress I will work diligently to better the
condition - ot Uhe laboring ' masse*. * It i la ¦. not
necessary for me to , go - over the ; good i work
idone by the Republican 'party.' I can see' from'
ithe- enthusiasm rahown^here .that*. It- is ' l fully
reallied, and when. you cast your ballot«;next
Tuesday! It will be for ths party. that :ha« dona
so much for the "development of this country.
Large Z. Crowd ' Listen to
\ : . . ,. - : . ::•".„:¦.'. Campaign Issues.^:; -'j.Ut^-
HAYES AT OCEAN 'VIEW.
MILWAUKEE/ ' Nov. 3.— What
looks like a revolution in politics in
Wisconsin is shown by the "postal card
canvass^ made by the Journal of this
city among . the Republicans . in; the ru
ral districts of Waukesha: County! *A<>
cording : to /the returns '¦, received"* Gov
ernor LaFollette will, receive, only 51
per cent of the: Republican, vote. .This
is a startling "demonstration of the re
sult ofa, factional fight within a party.
On the basis of .these returns Uhe
total vote of Waukesha. County would
give Peck, the Democratic candidate,
the county by about 1000 votes. La-
Follette carried the qounty four, years
ago by 2153. Takingithis canvass £ as
a basis rthe Republican!, vote" in" the
State for LaFollette would : be only
138.853, as compared with 264,419 in
1900. , . ,H
Canvass of County.
Remarkable Condition Disclosed by
REVOLUTION IX WISCOXSIX.
' MADERA, Nov. 3.— Congressman
James C. Needham addressed the peo
ple of Judge Conley's home town to
night , and was given "a great .ovation.
Athletic Hall 'was crowded to the~ doors
with . an enhtuslastic audience, which
greeted the Congressman with cheers.
There were a great many Democrats
present who will vote for Needham on
account of the aid which he has se
cured for this valley and for his rec
ord, believing that it would be better
to retain a tried man than to try an
experiment. ....
Needham lauded the Republican ad
ministration and . exploded the claim
that the Democrats had passed the na
tional irrigation bill. He sjpoke of the
method 'pursued by the Democrats In
the distribution of circulars purporting
to give his record and said that he be
lieved that his ' opponent * ( had nothing
to do with it* '¦ He. concluded? by saying
that he would stand on his .record
and spoke .of the necessity of sending
men who had experience in Congress to
represent the people. '
Judge J. A. Barham of Santa Rosa
made a witty speech, showing up the
free trade tendencies of the Democrats
and closed with an appeal to the au
dience to vote for Needham, whose rec
ord" in Congress was a- creditable" one.
' A monster excursion will leave 'here.
Saturday night for Fresno to assist in
the demonstration in honor- of Need
ham, who closes; his campaign there. ' ;
Congressional Nominee Speaks in
Home Town of Opponent.
Democrats Attend Meeting.
A weir attended meeting of Demo
crats of .the , Thirty-fourth Assembly
District .was" held last evening at Twin
Peaks '/Hall, % Seventeenth and Noe
streets. 1 Frank A. Costello presided and
William J. Wynn, James B. McClos
key and Thomas M. . O'Connor spoke.
All the speakers were well received
and Wynn in particular was often ap
plauded In the course of his remarks
on the urgency of electing Democratic
and Union Labor candidates to Con
gress and all judicial offices.
Prohibition Rally.
The final rally of the Prohibition
ists will take place this evening in
Academy of Sciences Hall. State Chair
man Taynton will preside.
BIG RALLY AT VALLEJO.
Labor Candidates and Mayor Urge
Support of X T nion Party.
Union Labor party advocates and a
fair sprinkling of Republicans at Teu
tonla Hall, Howard street, near Ninth,
last night heard speakers give reasons
Why labor union men should suppirc
the labor candidates. The ball was
crowded. Among the speakers were
Daniel Burchard.. * Republican arid
Union Labor candidate for Superior
Judge; George Keene, candidate of the
same ' parties for State Senator in the
Twenty-third District; E. J. Livernash,
Democratic and Union Labor Congres
sional aspirant, and • Mayor Eugene
Schmltz. £4^££K3a^Sii3HttHHtfP1
After Bur chard had spoken briefly of
campaign issues, Ltvernash got a flat
tering reception. : He - introduced, his
speech- with the question, "Shall .Trade
Unionism Be Maintained,', or Shall it
Be Broken "Down?"
The ¦ speaker made an Impassioned
appeal to the union men to remember
the sacrifices. made by those who have
born* .the battle for recognition of
unions. He spoke of the distressing
conditions . alleged to have existed in
the Pennsylvania coal mines before
unions were introduced there and ask
ed his hearers If they : wished to re
turn to the days when the coal mag
nates stooped to the cruelties of child
labor.
George Keene spoke at his work for
the unions and said that he was proud
to serve the man who had championed
the cause, of the working people In San
Francisco and who had lived down the
abuses of "an unscrupulous press."
Mayor Scbmltz urged his followers to
vote for the four Superior Judges who
were indorsed by the Union Labor con
vention. He said that without a judi
ciary that can be depended upon to
be fair- to the working cl?"se9 all the
good that has been '-accomplished by u.
consistent adherence "~lo " the * political
principles of unionism would be nulli
fied. :-.'¦•;:¦> .• •
Judge Conlan and Judge Murasky
made brief speeches, saying they honed
union men would support them on elec
tion day. James ¦ Gallagher and
Thomas Egan also delivered short ad
dresses. The meeting closed with three
cheers for the Union Labor ticket. - ¦
Senator Perkins and Other Xoted
Speakers Address the Meeting.
VALLEJO, Nov. 3.— The largest po
litical demonstration ' of the campaign
was held here to-night by the Republi
cans. Prominent members of the party
were present from neighboring, towns.
The Mare Island station band, a lively
flight of rockets *arid the glare of redfire
enlivened' the "proceedings. The speak
ing took place in. Farragut Hall,' which
was- crowded to the doors. W. D. l*en
nycook, editor of the Vallejo Chronicle,
presided, and many of the prominent
Republicans of the town served as vice
presidents. The speakers were United
States Senator George C. Perklrfs; Hon.
Joseph R. Knowland, candidate for
Congress; Lieutenant Governor Alden
Anderson and Frank R. Devlin, nomi
nee for the Assembly. The speakers
aroused great enthusiasm. The indica
tions are that Roosevelt and the leg
islative nominees on the Republican
ticket will get big majorities here.
The Julius Kahn Club of the Twen
ty-ninth Assembly District held an en
thusiastic meeting at 861 Mission
street last evening. Remarks were
made by H. B. Brown, W. Snider,* J.
J. Donnohue, George J. Sauer and
others.
Julius Kahn Clnb.
Congressmen Will Speak.
The last Democratic meeting under
the auspices of the State Central Com
mittee wiir be hejd to-night at Pioneer
Hall, Fourth street, near Market. Con
gressmen LJvernash and Wynn and
other speakers will discuss the issues
of the campaign.
i "The. Republican .State Central Com
mittee is; not" in the degree
disturbed i by .the. fact ) that Congress
roair -Bell; lost hia head at the Demo
cratic meeting in Santa Rosa Wednes
day night and attacked Governor Par
dee for making' Republican speeches in
this The . accounts of th»i
tirade against the; Governor, a3 pub
lished in the Democratic press, , repre-'
sent «that the Congressman was ex
ceedingly vehement. The committee
is Inclined to the view that the Gov
ernor's speeches must be inspiring to
the Republican cause. It is noted that
the Democratic - Governor of Oregon,
Mr. Chamberlain, addressed a Demo
cratic mass meeting in the Alhambra
Theater, San Francisco, last Monday
night, and.. the audience commended
him for his courage' under trying cir
cumstances. - In every State the Gov
ernor is regarded as the leader of the
party to .which . he belongs. When
William McKinley was Governor of
Ohio : he made Republican speeches In
his own State and elsewhere. In Cal
ifornia Governors Stanford, Perkins,
Markham and Gage did not hesitate to
speak for. the Republican party while
holding the exalted office of chief ex
ecutive. . .
The \ State committee fancies that
Bell's vehement tirade against Gov
ernor Pardee will cause some Repub
licans who were leaning toward the
bellicose Congressman to fall Into line
for Duncan E. McKinlay. Governor
Pardee will address the voters of Sac
ramento this evening and his ability
to speak for the Republican party and
say a word or two for himself will be
again demonstrated.
The Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth and
Thirty-fifth Assemblv districts will
hold a joint Hayes rally at Rosa's Hall
on Twenty-eighth >and Church streets
Saturday evening, November 5. This,
having been, arranged by the united
efforts of the Republicans of those dis
tricts, will be one of the • largest held
during the campaign and a great many
eloquent speakers have volunteered to
be present. Hon. E. A. Hayes will be
the principal fifpeaker. . Senators Welch
and French and the candidates from
the districts holding the meeting,
Treadwell, Severance and Meincke will
also speak. Among the other speakers
will be Frank J. Murphy and Major
Kyle.
To-night at Steimke Hall, corner of
Octavia and Union streets, there will
be a Republican rally under the aus
pices of the .Nathan G. Coghlan Club
of the Forty-first Assembly District.
Julius Kahn, Republican candidate for
Congress, Fourth District; Sheldon ,G.
Kellogg, C. A. "Murdock; and, Nathan
C. Coghlan, candidate for the Assem-_
bly",' will address' the voters.
The Forty-first is a firm Republican
district and all the . signs point to a
very large majority for Kahn and
Coghlan.
The Republican committee announces
that meetings as follows will take^
place In this city to-night:
Thirtieth Assembly District, Teu
tonla Hall, 1318 Howard street, to be
addressed by Julius Kahn, George B.
Keane, nominee for State Senator;
Francis McNamara, nominee for the
Assembly; General H. A. Pierce of Los
Angeles and B. L. McKinley. Singing
by the Orpheus quartet.
- Thirty-flrst Assembly District,
Druids' Hall. Folsom and Fourteenth
streets. J. J. Van Nostrand will pre->
side. Julius Kahn, Jeremiah Lucey.
nominee for the Assembly; Elwood
Bruner, A. A. Van der Naillen Jr. and
L. B. Wilson of Sacramento will speak.
Secretary of State Charles . F. Curry
will preside at the Forty-second As
sembly District meeting at Saratoga
Hall, Geary street, between Hyde and
Larkin, to be. addressed ? by- Julius
Kahn, George*B. Keane, nominee. for
Riverside- Republicans Hold a Rally.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 3.— The closing
rally of the campaign was held to
night, when .Congressman McLachlan
addressed a mass-meeting at Loring
Theater. An imposing parade preceded
the meeting. Congressman McLachlan
was especially happy -in his treatment
of- national Issues, and his tribute to
President \ : Roosevelt's administration
was forceful and eloquent. -'-- .. _¦'.'. > _•
NEEDHAM AT MADERA.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3. — Secretary Shaw
passed through Chicago this morning
on his way from Lafayette, Ind..
where he spoke last night, to Grand
Rapids, Mich. When asked if he had
replied to Judge Parker's charge that
the President used Cortelyou to get
campaign contributions from the trusts
as the price of Immunity, the Secretary
said:
No. I have not yet mentioned It. In every
reference to the Democratic candidate I have
gone on the assumption that that distinguished
Jurist was . a , high-minded gentleman and In
every way worthy to be the candidate of . a
great party for the highest and most dignified
office ever held by man; ...
If the charges he makes against the Presi
dent of . the United States, now his opponent,,
are true, then President Roosevelt 1 should be
Impeached and thereafter he should be sent
to the penitentiary.'.'.
Of course no self-respecting citizen would
be Heve such a charge against any President
'this country has ever, had.- -No one of . them
has been that base. The sad fact about it
Is that few people would make such a charge
ani? support It only by saying that ¦an op
portunity to do the act had existed, except
those who would do exactly what they charge
If they had the opportunity. It at least sug
gests a mental aptitude both to do the thing
itself and to think evil of others. >
Shaw Mercilessly Grills the Candidate
1 o' the Democracy. • .
PARKER OX THE GRIDIROX.
ADDRESS LARGE AUDIENCE.
During the 121 ytars which have passed
since IndeDendence ¦ was achieved we have
tn-en engaged In wars during four of them —
the remaining 117 having found us at peace
with our neighbors. If arbitration had then
been recognised as a policy we " might have
eliminated those four, and the disparity be-
HARTFORD, Conn., Nov. i— This
city, became wildly enthusiastic over
Judge Parker at a monster rally held
in the opera-house to-night. Demo
crats from* all parts of the. State came
here and the accommodations t for- the
oudience . were entirely inadequate.
The candidate was first greeted with a
demonstration on .the arrival at the
station of the special train from 'New
Haven, where the Hartford escort was
in waiting. He was Immediately driv
en to the Hartford Club, where dinner
was served. An informal reception
followed, but before it was over a
great throng had gathered outside to
serve as a 'volunteer escort to the
opera-house. At 8:30 o'clock, before
the candidate appeared to face the au
dience, which was the most demon
strative of any he had faced during
the day, the ovation lasted eighteen
minutes, most of 'the audience being on
their feet, shouting wildly, white hun
dreds of persons waved . flags. . Judge
Parker said:
. We hear much from ttme to time and from
many different quarters of the country about
the necessity of being prepared for* war. This
demand is so I insistent that the citizen is
sometimes tempted to ask whether, after all.
It would not be more timely and more helpful
for humanity If wt should consider tlje ques
tion of being prepared for peace. So far a*
periods of time are concerned It 'has an Im
portance entirely, incommensurate, to-that"de
voted to war.-- •..--¦..- -. V-
PARKER IX HARTFORD.
I do not know that he had any Information,
but his position was one that entitled him to
get It. From that time on there has been
a gradual movement in that direction until it
U believed that every trust In this country,
including the Standard Oil trust. Is doing what
it can to elect that ticket.
The man he put at the head of that bureau
was his private - secretary. ¦.. - After . the cam
pafl«i opened he became chairman of the Re
publican f National Committee, and . whatever
Information he had was perfectly well under
stood by the beads of corporations. They
know what secrets he had that they did not
care to have made nubile.
We- hare had a' very remarkable situation
presented. After the recommendation six or
elfht years - ago that action should- be taken
toward curbing the trusts, the Republican
psrty passed a statute to that end. but when
we examine the statute closely we find that
it authorizes . the President to appoint a Cab
inet officer to Investigate the trusts. The In
formation he receives may be given to the
people or kept private, as the President may
direct.
We met the gauge of battle which they
threw down and from .one end of the country
t> the other men are "saying , to each other
what you and I are saying: "This country
shall not pass Into the hands of the trusts." .
When the trusts of this country united for
the purpose of raising a fund that was to be
large enough to control the election It became
ycur duty and mine, without regard to any
other issue, to settle the question once and
for all, whether money or manhood suffrage
should control.
Of late we have had presented to our at
tention a. question of .far more Importance
than any issue presented by our national plat
form — a question that was not understood at
the time and that the party • could not con
template. That is the question whether It is
possible for the trusts of this country to con
trol the eleetlons with money. -
school,, nor after they had gone out into the
world. .'
DEXIES STANDARD OIL CHARGE.
1IERIDEX, Conn., Nov. 3. — The
only rear platform address made by
Judge Parker was when his train
stopped here for five minutes on the
way to Hartford. It was- an im
promptu address, in which he flayed
the Republican party because of the
financial aid it is alleged to have re
ceived from the trusts. He charged
that every monopoly was doing every
thing in its power to bring about the
election of the Republican ticket.
This speech created a sensation,
both in the audience gathered at the
station and among the members of
the Judge's party. The mention of
the Standard Oil Company, in this
connection is - the first denial the
Democratic candidate has made to
the charge that' the Standard Oil
Company was preparing to assist fin
ancially toward his election. Said
Judge Parker: * «
Even the students in our colleges ' have been
Invited to become strenuous. A little investi
gation or knowledge serves to show that the
college student has always been so. But In
what direction? He has been devoted to his
studies, as our scholarship end our universal
education attest. Nor has this activity been
limited to the few; It has permeated the
masses. It has been an heritable cf the country.
But the student has not accounted U to him
self as & virtue, but as a duty — something he
<we-l to tho society In which "he found himself;
•to his parents, who, perhaps, were making
great sacrifices to enable him to be better fit
ted fcr the duties of life and to himself.
This activity goes even farther. unUl we
find that in all the great colleges of -our coun
try now a fourth, now a third, now almost
one-half willingly and cheerfully take up any
klr.3 of employment which can yield sufficient
money to carry them through their college
course, whether academic or professional. You
here-. In Yale have known strong, energetic,
s_ble young men who belonged to families in
whi<-h this process ha* gone on through sev
eral rcnerations. They have furnished to their
country great Jurists and lawyers, great physi
cian*, eloquent divines, who have carried our
traditions Into whatever part cf the world
they have none, and upheld our honor.
Tt,ty have gone forth to found new communi
ties, to proBjcte new business enterprises and
to play a strong and effective part In our life
How" much areatrr activity in this respect Is
demanded by our times than we now show?
Uut even If there were this greater demand
there never was a period when sports were
more universally practiced, or when they were
were rxrftct. Thlc success has not been pur
chased by inefficiency In scholarship. It has
not made our young men swashbucklers . In
We alwtys h*d aa efficient army of brave
•oldiers. u*ll commanded. It has been suffi
cient i or our needs that we have been able to
rwist the onslaught of the savage, to ward off
foreign airgression ana to settle our own in
ternal troubles, but this does not seem to sat
isfy. We* must be strenuous, not alone in all
things which make for grood. for safety and
dor permanence, but we ir.uet be strenuous In
advemure, for personal glory and ever looking
for a fight. It is ajjp*reatly not enough that
we shall be active in every moral and religious
mcv^ment. In everything that can promote edu
cation and the discipline of our youths: these
apparently do net ataure real progress. So
we are invited to turn aside from these into
those lines of activity and adventure which
emack cf the crusades and of the times when
the moated c«.3tie was the only home In which
human beings could be fairly said to have «.
right to live.^v -..-» "¦ ¦*
It has become a fashion during recent years
to exhort our young men to lead what has
been called "the strenuous life." Xot content
with our universal activity and Industry, our
work in the conquest of a continent and the
effort to spread cur popular ideas Into all the
vorld. and thus to make ourselves an example
ii'T other people who are looking toward free
<jm and opportunity, the conclusion seems to
nave b?en reached that somehow we had over
looked something.
Local State issues furnished th.e first
subjects of discussion by the candidate,
after which he took up a number of Is
sues that have formed the topics of
other addresses. One subject was
taken up which was of considerable in
terest—the development of the Ameri
can merchant marine, and close atten
tion was given the Judge. Militarism,
tariff, trusts and other ipsues were dis
cussed in order. Concerning the "stren
uous life," he said:
The meeting was held in the opera
house, which was filled long before 8
o'clock, the hour set to call the meeting
to order. All entrances were blocked
before the time the candidate was
driven to the opera-house and admit-,
tance was effected with the greStest
difficulty.
DISCUSSES MANY ISSUES.
HARTFORD, Conn., Nov. 3.— Four
enthusiastic audiences greeted Judge
Parker to-day on his only visit to the
State in the campaign, and in several
other places through which his special
train passed he was given rousing im
promptu welcomes. The principal
speech of the trip was in this city to
night, the audience being mainly com
posed of Yale students. Judge Parker's
subject was "The Strenuous Life."
The meeting here was the great
est yet held in Connecticut. When the
special train bearing the Judge and hia
party, the candidates for Governor and
Lieutenant Governor and a special
committee of prominent Senators ar
rived at the Union station several
thousand persons were gathered to
greet the candidate. He was driven
through the crowds to the Hartford
Club. Mhere the Town Committee was
the host at dinner.
Judge Parker repeated his charge
against the administration of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor. ;
. Judge Parker took up the trust ques
tion, . declaring that the tariff made it
possible j for the great combinations to
levy a tax upon every consumer. * He
said: . ., ¦ • ; .
. Upon these enormous capitalizations the peo
pie, without knowing it, are contributing the
money to pay ' out the dividends- when, they
purchase the necessaries of every-day • use.
The effect has been to Increase the cost of
living more than one-sixth during the last
four years. The Republican leaders say "What
or it? Has not your Iwome increased ; more
than one-sixth during" the last four years?"'
I deny that If this .were true It would con
stitute a defense to such, an imposition — one
that compels :- us td ..par .'"to a home manu
facturer more than 'he is willing to sell the
same thing- for abroad. > But It .i« not true
that the average Income of the day laborer,
the mechanic, the firmer, the clerk and the
bookkeeper hap increased one-sixth during the
last four years.;.
tween the years of peace and the years of
»'ar certainly admonishes us where our in
terest lies. ; ¦/'¦> ¦; r :V ..¦
Gus Hartman, candidate for the As
sembly,, was the last speaker/ He
simply asked for the support v of the
audience jj at the coming election, and
the promise washeartily given. Then,
with three cheers 1 for -Roosevelt 'and
Fairbanksand three more for Kahii
and Hartman, the meeting adjourned.
The administration of Republican principles
has been attended with continuous prosperity
In the United- States. - It Is far from -my In
tention to weary you with a long list of figures
and statistics, : when your own personal knowl
edge enables you to fully comprehend the mag.
nltude of that prosperity. Statistics have been
compiled " which I will be delighted to show
any member present which prove beyond a
doubt the superior conditions of labor under
the- -Republican administration.- The relative
number' employed ; in Identical, establishments,
the relative wage per hour in ¦ Identical . trades
from the. year 1S90 to the, present day hag
been set out. In tables for purposes of com
parison and show that In all > the Important
tradea the numbers employed and the wages
received j have Improved marvelously. • .
Mr. Kahn was followe'd by A. Van
der Naillen Jr.; who told of the splen
did opportunity for civil engineers the
occupation of the Philippines by the
United States had developed.. He told
of many young men' that have gone
there and won distinction in their pro
fession. He was followed by Attorney
Philip Anspacher, who, though, it was
his first political address, made a good
impression. In. part he said: . /
ISLAND OPPORTUNITIES.
We have given t'.iem schools and roads tele
graphs and cables '< until now the archipelago
Is k«lt closer together, than ever before In the
history of man. As a result of this beneficent
government there are now mere Filipino chil
dren that speak and read and write the Eng
lish language than were educated In Spanish
during, the whole S0O years' occupancy of the
Islands by that Government, .¦ :
The Democrats, it seems, have chosen to
make imperialism the paramount Issue. They
want to sm a day, they. say. when -they will
free the Philippines whether their people are
carable of sclr-fovernment or not. Now let
us sta wliat 13 tlio> Republican policy regarding
tbe islands. The Republican party, after point.
liur to the fact that the Islands came to us as
a legacy of'war, says that it win hold the
Islands until time, shall demonstrate what Is
best to be done .with them, and In the mean
time we will- give theme' the best the pa
triotism'and'civilization of the United State*
afforda. - . ,..,¦>• • •v''. •-•' .:'..;.;¦ •¦• *¦ •
Benham's address won great . ap
plause for him and greater for Julius
Kahr., who was next called upon to ad
dress; the meeting. ,Mr. Kahn. . after
covering various issues, had this to say
regardingUhe Philippines:
We do not wish the crime of 1S92 repeated,
and for this reason we must not only, elect
Theodore Roosevelt, but we must elect a Re
1 ubliean Congress. We must elect Julius
Kahn because he will not only aid the Presi
dent in.carryfjis out the great policies of the
;>arty, but he will aerve all of our Interests In
the future with that fidelity that' marked his
course Jn the pas>t.
MUStf ELECT KAHN.
George Benham, secretary of the
State Federation of Labor, was the
next speaker, and he won the approval
of the audience by his sincere support
of the candidacy of Julius Kahn. In
part he said: *
I am. particularly interested In the election
of Julius ;Kahn for three reasons, but I will
only talk to you of the first, "which In Itself
Is sufficient. This ¦ reason is that during his
term in' Congress there wu no measure • that
would benefit the Jeople of either the 8tate
or the nation that he did not support. I am
not here to make a plea to any class, but to
make a plea to you all and tell you that In
Julius Kahn all of you have a friend.
' In the Fortieth ' Assembly District
the Republicans' are strong and enthu
siastic supporters of Julius Kahn, 1 nom
inee for! Congress, and Gus Hartman,
candidate for the Assembly. This fact
was demonstrated last night , at
Franklin ; Hall, ! Flllmore street, i near
Bush, where a rousing meeting web
held to 'further the cause of the Re
publican party. - - , '- -¦ •
, The; meeting was. called to order Wy
Henry, Ach; , a director, of the United
Republican . League, who introduced
Senator-Hamilton *Bauer ; as chairman.
Senator Bauer.' first .. introduced Benja
min L. McKinley, a nephew of the late
President William McKinley. | Mr. Mc-
Kinley's most Interesting remarks ; w,ere
in- connection' wltlr the prosecution of
the trusts, by the administration and
he recited the ; details of one case in
which he, as an official In the office of
the United States District. Attorney,
aided in the conviction" and dissolution
of the Federal . Salt Trust, .action
against' which illegal combination was
taken at the direction of Attorney Gen
eral ; Knox under, the Sherman act. .The
details'of this case weTe largely known
to the audience and the reference to it
by Mr. McKinley evoked . much ap
plause.; / . , i
; Major Kyle was followed : In . short
speeches by Richard -Welch, candidate
for State Senate, and: Patrick J. Boyle,"
candidate for the 'Assembly, t Both
nominees were heartily . applauded.
They asked for the support of the'.vot
ers and promised | to do all i In .their
power for the people of the dlstrict.-
Judge H. A. Pierce of Los An&eles
was the next. speaker. ; He told of the
stirring times of Lincoln's second elec
tion and compared the conditions then
and now. He , addressed himself in
particular to the young men
and gave many reasons . - why ; j they
should cast j their ballots • for I the Re
publican standard' bearers. ,
. .E. A: Hayes,, candidate for Congress
in the Fifth . District, arrived, at the
conclusion of.; Judge Plerce's speech,
after addressing a large body of Re
publicans^at Ocean View. He gave
some personal history as to his Ufa on
a farm and his work to obtain a col
lege training. He referred to the Re
publican policy and .the necessity of
having a representative In Congress in
touch with the administration. At the
conclusion of Mr. Hayes' speech, the
meeting adjourned with hearty cheers
for the" Republican leaders.
Major. C. W. Kyle,, who praised the
system of protection adopted by; the
Republican party. \ He also referred' to
Roosevelt as typical of jthe . , manly,
honest American, and . predicted :,that
California would give the ticket 60,000
majority on Tuesday next.. • =. - -
Joseph D. Redding, an orator
whose brilliancy is only matched by
his versatility, arrived from the East
last night. He will address the cit
izens of San Francisco at the Alham
bra Theater to-morrow evening at a
meeting under the auspices of the. Re
publican State Committee." Fuller de
tails of the proposed demonstration
will be published to-morrow.
the Senate: George A- McOowan, nom
inee for the Assembly. . . - . .
Frank Marlni will act as chairman
of the Forty-fifth Assembly District
meeting at Washington Square Hall,
corner Union and Stockton streets, to
be addressed by Julius Kahn," John H.
Nelson, nominee for Senator; Louis
Strohl, nominee for the Assembly;' J.
J. Mazza and a number of other well
known speakers.
Eahn and Hayes Are Well Be
ceived by Voters oi tie City.
Joseph D. Redding Will Speak at
the IMira Theater.
In a Subsequent Speech H e -^tne
Accusation That; Standard Oil js r
: Lubricating His Campaign.
JURIST WOULD CURB SPIRIT
OF YOUNG AMERICA
Bell Attacks Governor of the State
¦THE? SAN FRANGISGO^GALL, FRIDAY; : NOyEMBER -1904;
"THE STRENUOUS LIFE" IS JUDGE PARKER'S THEME IN A DEPRECATORY SPEECH TO YALE STUDENTS AND THE UNIVERSITY MEN ARE URGED NOT TO BECOME SWASHBUCKLERS
.> ' TERRE ¦•.HAUTE. ; IncL; !'¦¦ Noy'.V' 2,—'
Nearly .twenty; [speeches' were^ made .to
day by I Senator,; Fair bank's'; In Western
Indiana;;- beginning : at ,"" Blqomihgton
in;the 7 ,morning 1 'and;CocludihgriwlthTa
large meeting,, at rTerre*. Haute > in' the
evening. ' ; . -:- ; .., ; - •••¦-.¦;¦*^^
4
h Floor coverings In every make and hue. A vast
assortment of exclusive 'designs.^Ajlmlnsters,
Body Brussels. Tapestry Brussels, fngralns, Fiber
Carpet, Linoleum. Oilcloth and Matting at lowest
prices. We quote a few items as a guide : :
r A n: PEO-BEUSSELS — Reversible. Each side a different *\ r* ¦ '
1 color eftecv Moth proof nnd thoroughly, sanitary. The best {^f*
and cheapest Carpet on the market. Per yard V^V,
TAFESTBT BBtrSSEX.S--.With borders to match. A choice ee-' /iff'-l^
i !« rt Jon of designs, both Orl«ntal and Horal. An excellent' K^f*
J grade that will give lasting' satisfaction. Per yart..... .... "^ V,;
k BEUSSEL3 CARPET — An excellent jfrade. Choice colorings. **¦*¥/
BxrluMv*- patterns. Designs that cannot fail to please. t\7 l /yO
J Tor' yard . . ; I . .~. r ".......*.. -' -^Vf
\ AXKIETSTEBS— A choice line ' of floral effects. Borders to match This
%if:-\ *«ve 1 e too well-known to need description. You Al'AAl/"
u must see the designs to* fc-ct an adequate Idea of their. Nl / S l Ay
beauty. Per yard ...."..,.., .:v*f *p*»m*1m/Jl- :
m ALI.-WOOI. AUtT 8QUAmES--9xl2 feet. Large enough' for . (J- g\ r\ m
t 5« h * « v «raKe room. This good old weave will stand test of • Jko-ifl '
time. Nothing made will equal it for wear. Each ... ¦,y"»V*'
StATTlKO BUGS — Good fresh fiber.". Artistic colorings. Thor- /"* /¦
oughly artistic. Z feet by 6 feet. Each ; ......... llj C
SATURDAY NICHT SPECIAL
I COUCH COVERS—Bagdad stripe. Choice: colorings, A f"- '
I embodying the rich Oriental effects which were-- so U $% fl
I much sought after. Can be used as a' drape as well, rl if 1 1
* as a couch cover. Saturday night only, *«ach......
W>-259GVUNS* OMTHESOVARJEi
I E>CTR^ SPECIALl
ImpirtedWooleivSale JT
We have just closed out over 500 bolts of all-wool worsteds
from one of the biggest mills in the world, and every yard is " ®^*lnslr L/*
guaranteed imported goods and cannot be bought in any house 4T J%T y
in Ac United States. of America for less than $5.00 per yard. Jr^S^flL /%
We paid such a low price for these goods that we can sell them JJ^^^^T^^x;
OUR GUARANTEE — If you can buy a suit of any of these >iL3b!^bP w*wr
we put on sale; for Saturday and Monday for less than ,!^^^^^^|^^
' $35-oo we will make you a suit free of charge. These goods are f ft fc E^^^SS^X
only used by the highrpriced merchant tailor. - Si ' 1
AT OUR HOUSE, Saturday and Monday only, Suits or
Overcoats made to order for . 3^3
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS Jm..
? Cfn^^c.. 1009 MARKET STPEET... San Francisco
c. oaorcs . ios4 Washington street ... Oakland
QPEN/SATPRJ>AY EVENINGS TUX I (^O'CLOCK
O ¦ - * ___ 'Not In many seasons ha» a nuptial
affair o'ertopped its fellows as has this,
for where was lovelier maid or braver
lover? And who could summon at
beck a vaster army of friends?
The palatial home of the bride was
wrought by deft hands Into a garden
abloom with rarest flowers, each room
and hall vying with its fellows In
beauty and fragrance.
American Beauty roses were maesed
in the reception hall, nodding and
bending on their graceful stems. Ropes
of green, etudded with baskets of car
nations, were twined about pillars and
trellises in beautiful profusion. The
living-room holds among its art treas
ures a Murillo Madonna. Before it
was erected an altar draped in cloth of
gold. Here, before myriads of lighted
candles and white blossoms, the vows
were plighted. Archbishop Riordan, in
full canonicals, officiating, assisted by
Rev. Father Ramm. The robe of the
brtfle was an exquisite affair, simple in
outline, but rare in texture. Its lace
embellishments possess history, for the
Right merrily the wedding bells
.chimed last night for the nupttala of
- - Katherine May Dillon and Lieu
tenant Emory Winship— happy pair
and thrice lucky both!
THE WEDDING IS A MOST BRILLIANT AFFAIR
POPri.AU NAVAL OFFICER AND ONE OF SAN FRANCISCO'S' MOST CHARM
ING SOCIETY BELX.ES. WHO WERE MARRIED LAST EVENING BT ARCH
BISHOP RIORDAN IN THE HOME OF THE BRIDE.
1> DISTINGUISHED JURIST COMINO.— United
States .Circuit Judge W.'iW.' Morrow has ap
pointed > United : States District ' Judge William
H. 'Hunt !of ; Montana j to preside i In the I United
States;! Circuit i Court . in • this .* city during the
month of December. '; Judge Hunt was formerly
Chief i Justice ' for . Montana ' and ¦ later was ; ap
pointed Governor' of Porto Rico.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 3.— Georure
Eapton (/ the r rhan . who ; killed Charles
Hourlgati at Dixon, gave himself up
to Fanner Elbe, two miles from , Dlxon;
to-day.* . He" says ; he and Hourlgan had
a quarrel over. a woman;. that Hourigan
tried", to I strike - him - withj a bottle.' and
then cut him.-" He grave: the 'razor* to
Elbe on surrendeiing. . . - - -
Fuffltive Murderer Surrenders.
' \ property-owners on Fifteenth avenue
yesterday petitioned • the , Board _of Su
pervisors not 'to '.. appeal ; from the Su
perior; Court decision fixing' the width
of the avenue . at seventy feet. . The
city contendsthat the official width .of
the ."avenue -isilOO; feet, * which -would
result V In confiscating , fifteen « i f eet^ of
property on either side.;
Width of Fifteenth Avenue.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— The fol
lowing Californians are registered * at
the New Willard— Frank, Dunn and
wife, C. S. Middleton and wife. Miss
Fculkes and C. J. Jacobson and wife
of San Francisco; Mrs. W.U Vail. W.
L. Vail Jr., Mary E. Vail and N. R.
Vail of Los Angeles; Mr. ' and * Mrs.
Lawrence Newman of ..> Pasadena, and
W. H. Hubbard of ; San \ Diego. '
Cnlifornians in Wnshinjcton.
.• . Policemen Teutenberg and Fontana
were : attracted to the scene and ' they
took the trio to the Central police sta
tion. Burke told Lieutenant Wright
that he was a private citizen, ( but
Wright knew him and ordered him to
produce his star. Burke refused ' and
insisted, that Wright was mistaken, but
later admitted his identity. .Wright
instructed' him to charge Chavez with
assault : with a deadly weapon. - Hy
land, who gave the name of Joseph
Gallagher,- was booked on a charge
of drunk.
T When . Chavez's case * was .called ' be r
fore. Polices Judge Cabahiss yesterday
morning ; Burke, informed "the * Judge
that"? he had -arrested' the' wrong man
and asked : f or* a 'dlsml8sal.''..-whJcri .was
ordered. -' Hyland- was released-, with
the '¦ other drunks.
As 5 spon^a.8, the*. facts were reported
to Chief -Wlttman" he instructed "Cap
tain . Anderson ;tc file '.. charges, against
Burke." " Hyland *• was "dismissed "from
the force- on August 17, 1903, for
gross '¦ unofncerlike conducL A mar-
:- Charges of unofncerlike conduct and
refusing to show his star, were filed by
Captain Anderson with the Police
Commissioners yesterday . against Po
liceman Mitchell V. Burke, one of the
recent additions to the force.
• Burke and ex-Policeman F. W. Hy
land were seeing the sights in. the
"red ' light district" early yesterday
morning and at. Market and Geary
streets .they got. into a' fight with. three
young men. Burke was cut in the
abdomen, but not seriously. Hyland
pointed tO; Manuel Chavez. as the one
who had; cut .Burke and Burke ar
rested him.
Mitchell V. Burke Must
Face Serious Charges Filed
by ' Captain" '- Anderson
Discontinues Use of .School Premises.
. The Board ot y Education yesterday
discontinued the use of premises at
701, -811, 813, 825 and 917 Point Lobos
avenue and 231 Berlin street for school
purposes. Leaves of absence were
granted to : Misses M. Doherty, S. H.
Macauley and Mathllde Conway and
permission was granted to the pupils
of the Horace Mann Ev'eningr School
to give an entertainment at Mission
Hall, provided no fee is charged. •*¦.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— The follow
ing Callfornians are registered in New
York:
From San Francisco — G. Burrell, at
the Martha Washington: J. Clerfayt.
at the Holland; Dr. G. J. Fitzgibbon,
at the Imperial; T. H. A. Ford, at the
Cadillac: Dr. S. Hatton, at the Mar
tha Washington; G. W. Hooven and
S. C. Irving and wife, at the Astor;
W. Leviston, at the Murray Hill; Miss
Marshall and I. B. Marshall, at the
Marlborough; J. Payne, at the Se
ville; R. E. Revalk and wife, at the
Herald Square; M. Rogers and L.
Saltonstall, at the Martha Washing
ton; F. G. Sanburn, at the Netherland;
Miss A. J. Schmidt, at the Savoy; C.
S. Sherman, at the Algonquin; M." J.
Walsh, at the Seville; C. Sbarboro, at
the Astor; L. W. Knight, at the Ear
lington; J.' E. Runnell, at; the 1 Grand
Unon; J. S. Runnell, at the Astor; J.
N. Shannon, at the Wellington; A. E.
Shumate, at the Albert; Mrs. G. H.
Silbe, at the Marlborough; D. F.' Eus
tis, at the Imperial; J.'D.'Heins, at the
Herald Square; J. F. McCall, at the
Belvidere, and W. H. Sperry, at the
Grand. '¦/••.
Calif ornians in. New York.
rled woman in 'the Mission /accused
him of taking her purse while they
were together. in a>estaurahts\ ¦-
• Roncovieri was arsured that the Su
pervisors would pay the Judgment next
June, -although they had never paid
[ similar Judgments In the past. -
¦ Supervisor d'Ancona "argued ' against
.submitting any amendments at a spe
1 cial election, saying . it • would be
ia municipal crime to submit revolu
! tlonary. changes such as contemplated
t to the small number of voters attract
ed to a special election. He added:
"I think the Board of Education is
subject to grave criticism for making
the school department a machine for
getting signatures to , petitions : and
coercing teachers : for that . purpose. I
am in favor. of the amendment limiting
the tax rate, for , maintenance of the
city/government to 85- cents, but . I" do
not think "it "should, be submitted at ,a
special i election.' I therefore move that
this committee recommend to the board
that * it 'is - against ¦ sound t public policy
to submit these; amendments at a-spe
cial i election.? - ¦.
. ; The ', motion was ' seconded by Braun
hart j and the vote on ; D'Ancona's ; mo
tion '.was:
Ayes Y~'B randens t e l n . - ,: Braunhart,
D'Ancona, Connor, Hocks, McClellan; 6.
Noes— Bent, Boxton; 2.;-
; ments would be to deprive the Board
of Supervisors of the control of- the
i school: appropriation and vest it in the
'. Board of Education.
"The Supervisors would exercise. su
preme control of the [ school depart
ment," sail Roncovieri, "but will they
provide for the payment of a Judgment
of $12,000 secured by Mrs. L. T. Fowler,
who was ousted from her position as
teacher by a former, board?" :
NEW POLICEMAN
TO LOSE STAR
FtnCIDE OF A CARPETCTER. — Herman
Khrlich. a carpenter, was found dead in bed
yerterday morning at 3312 Sixteenth street,
with gas flowing from an open burner. His
acquaintances ray thoy know no reason why
Ehrllrh should have taken bis own- life. He
arrived here recently from the East, where he
.left a wife. He was a member of Ix>cal Union
6C8 United Brotherhood cf Carpenters.
PETITIONS IN INSOL.VENCT.— Creditors of
A. K. Thompson, a merchant at Palo Alto,
filed a petition yesterday In the United States
District Court asking that he be declared an
involuntary Insolvt nt. They allege ¦ that he
owes debts to the amount. of $1000. Dr. C. C.
O'Donnell and F. A. Gummer filed a petition
asking that the Sonoma ' Brick Company be de
clared bankrupt. A voluntary petition was
filed by G. Ruperich. clerk, San Francisco.
He owrs $13C2 and has no assets.'
Edward Rich, night clerk of the
Grand, has returned from a vacation
visit to Pacific Grove.
i- Clarence M. Oddie and J. T. Over
bury, who are engaged in building a
water-pipe line into Tonopah, arrived
here yesterday and are registered at
the Palace.
Lieutenant Creed Fulton Cox, Elev
enth Cavalry, who has been assigned
to duty as aid to General Moore, ar
rived yesterday from the East and is
registered 'at the Occidental.-
Arthur Kirschten. an attache of one
of the Russian civil departments at
St. Petersburg, who has been visiting
the St. Louis Exposition and the Col
orado • Canyon, arrived, here yesterday
and is staying at the St. Francis.
Percival W. Clement, for many years
a, prominent figure -in New England
railroad circles, and who built and op
erated for many years the Rutland
Railway, is on his way to this city in
a private car, accompanied by, a party
of friends.
W. J. Ward of Washington is at the
Occidental.
N. E. de Yoe, a Modesto merchant,
is at the Lick.
E. R. Gifford, a Napa merchant, is
at the California.
D. S. Rosenbaum, . a Stockton
banker, is at the St. Francis.
M. Murphy, superintendent of the
Tesla mines, is at the Lick.
Dr. J. W. Robertson of Livermore
registered yesterday at the California.
Fred M. West, president of the
Stockton Loan Association, is staying
at the Lick.
Preceding the bride, who was given
away by Maurice Casey, her stepfath
er, were two little flower girls. Miss
Kate Crodar and Miss Margaret Casey.
Dressed in white mull frocks, these
little maidg scattered Cecile Bruner
roses in the path of the bride.
Miss Caroline Fosgate served as maid
.of honor, with Miss Ethel Moore, Miss
Patricia Cosgrave, Miss Sara Collier
and Miss Grace Spreckels as brides
maids. The gowning of these attractive
attendants was a study in pink — pink
epangled chiffon with duchesse lace ap
plique. And a fairer picture could
Ecarcely be conjured up. The groom
wa* served by Major Blanton Winship,
with Paymaster Ball. U. S. N.: Dr. Reg
inald Knight Smith; Lieutenant Lopez,
U. S. X., and Lieutenant Babcock, U.
S. N.. as ushers. The bride's table
held these guests: Lieutenant and Mrs.
Emory Winship, Miss Grace Spreckels.
Miss Patricia Cosgrave, Miss Ethel
Moore, Miss Sara Collier; Paymaster
Ball, U. S. X.; Dr. and Mrs. Reginald
Knight Smith; Lieutenant Babcock. U.
S. X.: Lieutenant Lopez. U. S. N.; Miss
Leontine Blakeman, Miss Florence
Ives. Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss Gertrude
Eells; Captain Wilson, U. S. A.; Rich
ard M. Hotallng. Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Foster Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Porter Bishop, L. M. O'Brien and Dr.
and Mrs. Alfred Baker Spaulding.
The callant young 1 officer and his
bride will not remain long away on
•their nuptial trip, showing some anx
iety to take up their happy life in town.
Easily the Winship-Dillon wedding will
ytand out In the annals of the smart
set as quite the most interesting affair
of the winter.
¦overdress is said to have been a pre
cious heirloom.
PERSONAL.
The Supervisors' ! Fire Committee
yesterday resumed consideration of
the proposed ordinance requiring that
when roofs are damaged to the extent
of 40 per cent they shall be repaired
with fireproof materials only. Thom
as E. Curran, representing 3000 prop
erty owners, and F. H. Qualman of
the Builders' Association opposed the
ordinance, while Rudolph Herold and
W. J. Dutton on behalf of the insur
ance men and Chief Engineer Dough
erty and Fire Marshal Towe for the
Fire Department urged its passage.
The committee postponed action until
next Thursday morning.
The committee reported in favor of
the. erection of a fire engine and a
chemical house on Twentieth street,
near Connecticut, at a cost of $8000.
Of this amount $4000 will be'takeji
from this year's funds and an appro
priation of $4000 will be made in the
budget of 1904-1905.
Supervisors Hear Arguments For and
Against 'the Requirement for
' Fireproof Materials.
XO ACTION IS TAKEN ON
ROOF REPAIRING ORDINANCE
Roncovieri denied Brandenstein's as
sertion that the effect of the amend-
"The point is not well taken," said
Brandenstein. "We will have enough
money, to repair the schools next year."
"Will you give it to us?" asked Ron
covieri.
"No," said Brandenstein. "We are
sometimes guided', by the incumbents
of an office before • making appropria
tions therefor."
Braunhart thought the fact that only
14,271 citizens voted at the last charter
amendment election was an argument
against submitting the school amend
ments at once. He took the ground
that the 512,000 for a \ special election
could not legally be' taken out of the
urgent necessity fund. and that an in
junction would He lf.lt was. Ronco
vieri declared that the Supervisors had
been very liberal in the past with the
fund.
"I would like to ask why this board
used the urgent necessity fund to pay
$64 for bonfires, $72 for hack hire, $200
for flowers and to pay for ice and
other trivial matters,", said Roncovieri.
"The extremely sacred character of the
fund is not apparent. If these amend
ments are not submitted you will "con
tinue to . have "poor , schcolhouses.' Be
fair In this matter, t- Give | the people a.
chance to vote on^ the '
Chairman'* BrandenstelnV- announced
that the issue before the committee
was whether\the amendments, should
be submitted at a special ¦ election. . A.
M. Armstrong,, a public school-teacher,
argued that it was obligatory 'on- the
board Ho submit the amendments at a
special election. Cameron King urged
that the amendments giving shorter
hours and a half holiday on Saturday
to city employes and increasing the
salaries of fifteen deputy registrars to
$1500 be also submitted, as the Supreme
Court's decision prevented them being
voted on next Tuesday.
Miss J. E. Watson and Miss E. Moore
urged that the deplorable condition of
the schools demonstrated the need
of submitting the amendments to,pro
vide funds for repair and construction
of schoolhouses.
"This board has reasonable time to
take action In order • that the next
Legislature may ratify the amend
ments," said Costello. "If you refuse
to act you simply set yourself above
the constitution."
Tbe joint • Committed on. Chatter
Amendments, ?. Public Utilities ...and
Finance . yesterday reported against
the boldlns of - a special election oh
January 5 next for the submission of
proposed chaxttr amendments affecting
the adminiBtration of the public school
department and th« other twenty-two
amendments denied a place on the bal
lot at next Tuesday's election by, the
Supreme Court. The committee also
recommended that all. the amendments
be e .bmltted at the . general election
of November. 1906. In all , likelihood
the Board of Education will mandamus
the Supervisors ! to" compel the holding
of a special election for the purpose.
President Roncovieri of the Board of
Education read from the State consti
tution to show that the Supervisors
must submit such charter amendments
as are petitioned for. by more than 15
per cent of the qualified electors.
Chairman Brandenstelh said the com
mittee recognized that the amendments
would have t(y be submitted, but held
that, the e'emtnt of time was a factor
in the matter. ,
Stephen V. Costello, attorney for the
Board of Education, read from a de
cision in a Texas case. that it is manda
t ry on the Supervis-.o to hold an
election ior propo; als to amend the
charter. Costello said that it would
be an evasion of the law for the Super
visors to refuse to accede to the de
mands of more than 30,000 vt ters.
Braunhart held that it is within the
discretion of the board to determine
whether' the amendments should be
voted on at a general or special elec
tion. . . : .- T ;^::i : " . -
Committee Decides Citizens
Must Wait Until November,
1906, to Vote on Changes
QUESTION ] OF POLICY
Super visor s Not in .Favor
of Submitting Charter
Amendments Next January
RULE AGAINST
AN ELECTION
THE^SAN - FRANCISGO ' GALU, % FRIDAY, NOVEMBER - 4, 1904.
NAVAL OFFICER WINS HIS BRIDE
ESS CATHERINE DILLON GIVES HER :,
MAMD TO LIEUTENANT EMORY WIN5HIP
5
APVERTISEMEXTa.
Th?se are GOOD POCXJIT XAXV12S.
Blades are of excellent steel, suitable
for any ordinary usage. I have others
at other prices.- Call and «ee mylarg*
selection. • - i
GOT AN OZJ> BAXOB? ril make.
you -a liberal allowanco ror it on a
new one. I have good Razors as low,
as »1.OO.
- STAR SAFETY »AZ0*-— Regular,
price $2.00. My price 81.125. Makes
shaving easy. .
,/Ra7or Strops that, you can depend
on. * ¦ as . '. low ' as . Sl'.OO. ' ' Some very
good « ones at. leas prices.
CO2TXI.TWS SILT-TILLIXa PE2f
- — the up-to-date Pen. 'Convenient and
clean.' . g.i.OO np. • ti—S '
-, Mail ¦ orders promptly filled.
TflAT^MAN PITTS;
. i F. W.. PITTS. The Stationer. . •
1008 MAIKET STMET, Ot>O Tifth,
SAX FRANCISCa
J ApvE^iso^yTS^ '.'„:...
OUR BIQ BUSINESS
AND LITTLE RENT
Is the Magic Combination That Brings About Facts
That Are Stronger Than the Ordinary Store's Fiction
%^ Our * | Q Suits
JF-rf Are Making a New Customer for
/^(^^h ' 8 £vei T Minute.
V^MPf^^'j?5* Little wonder— for Ahty are identical-
B^rw§l^\»^f y> t " ie same as ; the suits sold ;. over in the
sky-high rent district at $15. And prudent
WfJrfv^y^l iTaM men wou^ n ' t consider it a bit more ex-
travagant to flip a five-dollar gold piece
I^PP^ ; J3 > ? ' nt0 the b a y than it would be to ignore
'-'BlllffiP^ '$3 such a saving. .
I Seeing Is, Believing
Come and prove by your own judg-
i ment if these suits are what we claim or
%5b$' r ' i M&' ! ' not Thousands of your neighbors have
jpH^ipM'''' already done so. Some of them were a bit
Pffl?MB •' skeptical: about, our ability tosell^$15 suits
|»*f '•"^^ - : for $10. But they thought our promise was
'-^ ' ¦ worth Jnyestigating/'/And they' carric^sVw,
•¦l§ ! './|||| — were '(quickly/conyinccd—. bought -^ Land
*\m have been • advertising us "ever since. Result
"* Jl Wsi V -—our brbsiness is leaping ahead alto-;
Is met ¦ •' ( ; gether : too ¦ fast; for the peace of mind of our
p* competitors, and some of them are hand-
jLt 'T^J^" ling ;trutH^yery.;;car'elessly!in tHeir'franticef-
H forts to head^ off the crowds that daily
turn their eyes and feet toward our store.
W"' .Don't let them fool you. -
FRANK BROS.
; The Great Big Storei With;^& ; Vl^&i;IUntKV^
Corner KEJOLNY and SACRAMENTO STREETiS'
ADVEKTISEMEXTS.
Can't Do It
H'r-art affections -still not get well of
thPm'sPlvMs; neither do they remain In-
active. If the cause Is not removed they
continue to grow In number and severity.
They are the outgrowth of exhausted
nerve forc<\ and the heart cannot stop to
rest, ess do the other organs, but -must
continue, to strug-gle until completely
disabled, and— that's the end.
On the very first indication of heart
trouble, you can stop all progress and
effect a cure by the ufie of
Dr. Miles' Heart ;Cvre
The most effective heart remedy known.
It builds up. feeds and strengthens the
nerves and muscles of the heart, and re-
stores It to perfect health.
"I had serious heart trouble; for two
months my life seemed to han* by a
thread, when my attention was called to
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure. I commenced
taking the Heart Cure and Nervine and
in two months they restored me to com-
parative pood health." — REV. W. A.
ROBINS. Port Elgin. Oaf
The first bottle will benefit, if not, th«
druggist wiil return your -noney.
Schools and Collages,
. » - • . . - .
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE .OF THE
WEST. ¦¦ —
Over 24 • Pc«t >- »t." San* Krm.ndsco,-' Cal/JESK
Eettb. 40 y#-sr«. Open entire year, day & nlfffct.
Write lor circular* (free).
1 V. - THE i-EMTOMUM. ¦ ) THE , | miPORITJM. .
W«W« ****** ************* ************ ****!*********** ************ ************
I 200 Sample Waists at $3.50
|; - Worth up to $8.30
£ Jg*£St Friday, and Saturday also, if quantity lasts, pretty Crepe de
¦C ist&f J!§$\ Chine, Peau de Soie and Chiffon taffeta waists, in Wack, light blue,
k° 1 bro.vn, na^vy and white— a New York manufacturer's entire fall line
I? /g^H^L r : 6f samples at a saving of $2.00 to 55.00. A few of •
** Ja^^^X "^jr^c^ these styles we have sold special as low as
5? $ \ ePI|\ x^^Vr^i^^ i'5.00, but you will find that the majority ranc;e SrSflP^ y? '/¦
* r I \ffl\\ />\%\viS41 ,V n valu2 Irom 56.00 to J8.50. As these. are salerooms sffity-Jotk
% I C I 111 X in ¦W^YvVivl ' models » sornc nre slightly soiled, but most e^-ery ¦ '/ffi^^fBf
» I 'fflvk I W^-V^i /waist will be found in perfect jgo tZt% /JftJvC^T
\ 1 Jl WmUi A f \N^t '\llll condition - Wonderful values at *P&*W M T\4fbt*
5 MiKv^Sy Women's Rain iMftf
i; Extra Special Friday and Saturday v/^^^%^
8 These handsome Rain Coats, exactly like illustration, were not made to sell at thi» , Jj£x&$\
JC very low price. In fact a real good rain coat cannot be offered regularly for • 9. 5 o — but / jMJnT *S\
K we wish to interest the masses of women who are economically inclined, so Friday and / J^Oft Vu
fc Saturday we have planned this extra special tale, while quantities last, at &G ELfm // j t\ V'A
J / . ...".:¦ *P+**+**J I L \\ lyA
If The Rain Coits are mide of taa and Oxford coyertJ, cnt full length, and h»T« double c»p« and epaulet lj f t I |1\
K eiffect, pleated bick and belt all around. We are willing you should compare them with many #15.00 coats II f '£ 1 • W\
ff ofFered around town. 1 B 1 ¦*«*
Jf Many handsome designs in . Rain and Traveling Coats
» from $13.50, $14.50, $17.50, $20.00 and upward-
i Friday Safe Sale Dolls 19c Men's Overcoat,
5 Three great values that every W?$& structiKe doll, joint- Wa .. , Uarn TK^ f n . .
K housekeeper will appreciate. ' / M^Sk "ed body, fine head, C *" them The Lond j OQ ; be "
5 . Wamsutta Muilin - Every woman knowi J^^<v-JJ{ showing the teeth cause the y W^re copied from
'SS^*^ r^^k M--i...P«tf* > the London tourist coats. They
j! country is 1 a^c a yard; we cut 'Sf^ffu j^ V VJ^the middle, lace and are CUt long and loose, with
£ price Friday only to .. * %M%J> lj T r i b b O n - trimmed broad shou I de r S , close-fitting
ft Fine Long Cloth -The kind you alwayi SI I \ \ chemiit, would be a good „ , . ..„ ' . ,. _, ",
5 pay $1.75 for a piece- our belt make, at the M J I \ yalue at 35c, aTery.spee- COllarS and Stltt trontS that Will
«" Emporium, Friday only, •€ *£*& ial at the «*^- not sag. Graceful and swajjeer
V a la-yard piece fjr . . . %pMm*9& ]\X\ '**** ;. . . . . 19c coats are these, in nobby plaids
White Qmbric-oniy . cemparat rely $1 Mochan- o f brown and gray, also black
K jmaU lot of thu whits cambric for the demand loai Trains— Con- . rtvfnrA nrr> v — - Inntr rr.«*o
JC this price insures. It it a yard wide, fine for Mting of locomctive, tender and two Tatibule a . a 10 *" K**/ IOOK more
j. underwear »nd skirts; jptc ; »l Friday *7 g% Pulman can, complete with circular track, like *20.00 COatS. &8^} fi
Jtf only, yard .. m %0 put up in nice box, Friday only . . . 7B(i OuT price • • .
I To-Day and Saturday—Boys' [Overcoat Days
|; • Boys' Section, Juvenile Department, Second Floor.
Jf ¦ Hundreds of -overcoats in .the very newest styles, for little fellows of 2 years,
S on up to his large brother of 16 years; the prices are the lowest we have ever
I been able to/offer such good quality for.- If your boys need overcoats you can't
J afford to overlook this opportunity of getting the best at a big saving.
Jf Long Overcoats — Sizes 7 ¦ >^ Russian Coats —^ Sizes Lonj Overcoats — For _—
k » to 15 years, nicc'.y made II A » 2^ to 8 years; , all-wool Jl A boys 7 to 16 years ! P^
£ from durab e coatings; in AP H cloths navy and Oxford; d^yf double or ringle-breatted, with *
fc" Ox f ordsandnofcbyp!ad t , with or "•. JT gilt buttons, emb.ems, MlB or without TcWet collar, belt |B *
g without belts, fine school coats i»'«7V etc., big bargains «t . . Yf I back or plain; all-wool cloths, TfL-^
. only . . . . ' ¥ B 1/1 in nice shade of dark gray |
Reefers— Sizes 3 to 8 years, » H Reefers or Nautical Coats— / a and just the proper weight for " H
tt cut full and boxy, trimmed gilt A .B Sizts 4 to ia years; to wear * M\ this climate. Fully worth gk ¦
*£ buttons and emblem on sleeves;, fir W over jkilor suiti, all-woo! cheviots H A big lot. Choice • W
J» Oxford, gray or blue, on'y . . in navy or gray ...... Jaw of any style X^#
j£ : : : — .,- — '
J 50c all-silk, Iwo-clasp, black and white. Gloves 34c
Jf - . To-day and Saturday— Fuller description to-morrows Chronicle.
jf Sale Children's Shoes Sale Men's Shirts 55c
JC OJ5f#» StWitf 4B/ 1& ¦-¦ A big lot of men's golf shirts, madras and percales, in a neat Tariety '
C • *^^*'» ? .SmmWSM- n&Mmm& for styles and patterns, some with cuffj attached and some with enffi
1*^*8 Here is a special that will please the detached. Full Ji.oo values. Come rain or shine and lay in a supply
•£ ?Vtra /V™ mothers of active boys and girls who of these shirts at a good substantial saving — they are an TTfTr*
5° P C^Ci / - wcar out *h°ei so quiekiv. These unmitchable valu; at the Friday and Saturday sale price,
A V%(\ vk. shoes are made of stout materials, and Men's Suspenders— Heaw elastic webs, with leather ends, full
5 f s \'^$LwO&^ are not only good to wear, but good to 3 5 c valu;, Friday and Saturday only, pair 1Q O
\ „ '2* Money-Saving Sales
$ extension sole, spring h-c!, s Z :s 9 to BUttCr, GrOCCriCS, LSQUOTS
Jf -/ », «o.th ii.a 5 , Friday qo Friday and Saturday
j and Saturday, p;rpa,r. ...... ... . ButtCr — FlQSh Chumed O O^.
I MlMM '^ "to,, worth $ ,. S o pair .. $1.12 crcamer/f ourusnal .aperior quality sqaare &&C
* **if»^» tiifgSBafiBDffWQ Kin^an's Sliced Boiled Ham - Rtgularly 35c lb 28o
* m#t4sf*r W %*BiJMBMQLg*2P £m*JttLj' Extra Value Tea-Uncolond Jaran, Oolong and English BrsaJcfait;
K ¦ , V . , . 1 . , new crop; choice picking; for the two days on!y, lb . . . 2Qn
J Just Half Price, to C.ose out these two lots; one a 0 , ive O il-Dr. Dohrman 5 .; reg. 8 S c quart bottle, .... %7O
H 50c qua.itv chiffon vci.ing, embroidered in dots, figures Twenty-Mule Team Powdered Borax— Package lOc
JC and diamonds, some with embroidered borders; colors, wh't; and This borax is now being ¦ demonstrated in the grocery
j£ b'ack, black and wbi e, brown and white," navy and white, royal and department, and a beautiful picture, reproductions of the
jf white, all wh ; tc and gray; the other a 50c quality chiffon drape, work of famous artists, is giv fit with each purchase.
K combinations of velvst dots, pin dots, and fancy fSjx. oun * Vernon Rye Whisky — Ths genuine," bottle . . . $1.15
*, stitching, in many desirable colorings: choice of en- jEl £^ a^jT Gilka Kummil — The importsd, bottle $1*08
5f' s tire lot Friday and Saturday bn'y, yard ¦. .... tioster Beer — Pints, dozen . . . ... . . ; . . . .$1.15
«f ; ¦ '• ; 1 — : — 1 Hock White Wine— Fine rahie,
$• Dress Goods w^ . a3o
JJ' ¦ ¦ «... y/) JLs f "• Champajnt — Widow Finck'i
if and Silk *//£*> Y/F\m*^ L*s*A> 'm mm >^r> 8 ° d ieaI » dox - pbts S4,so
S Remnants
Jf T a ~ D a V at California's umcrsT- 'M ml^ m r a^»' ¦ bottle 39c
tk ' im I ii I I .I, I i "'^UUJiaBM»*a'i^ Good Claret, gallon . . 4-UO
$ O HO -Qua Her Off '¦¦filiiBS**'" 1^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Hayden Whisky, bottle, 92 C
a ' . . . ¦. — —~^— — ¦ ' —< OAKLAND, Nov." S.-^The following
marriage '. licenses were . issued by • tho
County: : Clerk f to-day^ - tChester> E.
Dunn,;.2i:f.and iMabeli Wulflnger, 1 118,'
both • of,; San i Francesco ;} Georgre '.vLonjr.'
28;* and u M^rgaretteVDalaney^ 2 d; " both
of v San\Franclscoi'Xa'wTence
29,,and.Pauline/IV-,Grd«s* 2Bj' both of
Oakland;>Ijea»;<fH:;*Cochrarn;Yover 21,'
Oakland^fati'drAmsllaVLr/Muller/'over
18/'Jacksonvl!le r -Or. Vl **>d»*Ki .'-A- - -
Marriage "Licenses.
COMPANY O'S NEW QUA IITERS.— Alame
da. Nov. 3. — Company a. Fifth Regiment C.
N. G.; which was recently burned • out • in
Armory Hall. , nan engaged new quarters - in
Knrlnal Halt at Bay station. The board of
survey appointed by the Adjutant General to
appraica the loss of the company has sent -on
Its report* and it is expected that new equip
mtnt will bo supplied the command within a
few months. •
STEAMSHIP COMPANY FINED.— .Th« Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company was fined 11 0O
yesterday by tbe Department of Commerce anrl
Labor for bringing, to this port Robert Croft
a sufferer from consumption. The company had
been fined $WO previously for bringing Harry
Agnew, also a consumptive. ~ ¦¦- v. . -,.
OAKLAND, Nov. . 3. — Bursars
broke into John Heinold's saloon,
foot of Webster street, last night, but
were - surprised by Special Policeman
Charles Ford,' who arrested one of the
men. The prisoner, Joe Hawley, was
held for Investigation.- ¦ "-'
Policeman Surprises Burglars.
BERKELEY, Nov. 3. — The dedica
tion football rally is to be htld to
morrow night on the new California
field,- when the contractors are to have
the .• bleachers completed. Electric
lights have been strung across the
field under the direction of Professor
Cory, i' ¦ Great bonfires will supply ad
ditional light and'- stimulus to the
rooters' enthusiasm.
. "Co-eds" have been extended an
unusually, warm .invitation by Eugene
Hallett, chairman of the rally com
mittee, to.be amonar those present at
the bleacherrally to-morrow night.
"I hope," • said Hallett, "the co-eda
will feel their, presence is desired, but
I also hope they .will 'permit their es
corts to leave them -Ion. the bleachers
.while the men Join '.'the rooters and
'take; part Jii; the serpentine, afterward
joining the ladies in the/special sec
tion .to ;be ' reserved • for them."
'. The annual ax rally is to be held on
the night of • the" 9th Inst.. On that
occasion the' Stanford "ax" will be dis
played by "Heinle":.. Heitmuller. its
custodian, and the story of its cap
ture will be told. 1 Then the custodian
for the coming year will be appointed.
The, smoker -rally .'will; be held in the
gymnasium on .«the .fpllowlngnight. -
Bonfire and Serpentine to Be Features
..' of Celebration at Berkeley.
WILL DEDICATE NEW FIELD.
CJravcl Train. Strikes a Busrsy,
REDDING, Nov. 3.— Mrsi J., M.
Zelle, wife of a merchant of Slgson,
and ' Miss Mattle I Caldwell of Edge
wcod were badly Injured to-day while
out drivrng. They attempted" to cross
the railroad track in front of an ap
proaching gravel train and a collision
followed. The buggy In which they
were seated was wrecked and J the oc
cupants hurled to the ground. • It fs
feared that both women are injured
Internally. - - • ;^. ; . ;¦;,.- «.. •
. ALAMEDA. Nov. 3. — Mrs. Louise
Roesch of 2104% Enclnal avenue was
surprised when on her return from a
six months' trip to Europe her daugh
ter, Eva, informed her that she was
married four months ago. The bride
is popular among the younger social
set and her husband, Frank Bray, also
has a host of friends. The wedding
took place In San Francisco and the
h&ppy couple are now residing In East
Oakland. - '¦
Surprises Her Friends
BERKELEY, Nov. 3.— Captain J. T.
•Nance, military instructpr at the uni
• versity, whose authority was yesterday
defied in extraordinary fashion by the
' seniors of the college, is preparing a
report of the affair, which he will trans
mit to President Wheeler. It will eive
an account of the t/eatment CaDtain
Nance's order received by the seniors,
»ho are members of his class.
••Until my report is sent to President
¦ Wheeler and acted upon by him." said
Captain Nance to-day, "1 am not at
liberty to discuss the demonstration
tnade yesterday. I do not wish to be
interviewed."
The question agitating the students,
pending the receipt by President Whee
ler of Captain Nance's report, is the
•possibility of punishment for those
students who were ringleaders in the
riotous protest against the captain's
. marching orders yesterday. Rumors
"were spread on the campus to-day that
some men had been summoned to ap
. pear before the students* affairs com
mittee of the faculty and there jrive ac
count of the doings in which they took
a prominent part.
Professor W. A. Setchell. whose at
tempts to quell the mutiny failed in
gloriously, and who was pelted with
clod's and grass, declined to talk. He
is a member of the students' affairs
committee of the faculty, and it was in
that capacity that he addressed the re
bellious seniors and under classmen
yesterday afternoon.
'Did you not say that there would
be more to come in the affair?" was
asked of Professor Setchell.
"•I must be excused from answerlne
any questions whatever," he replied.
President Wheeler "pooh-poohed"
the entire affair, saying that it was
scarcely entitled to be called an "ebul
lition."
. "I was in the city when It occurred."
he said, "and so got only a second
hand report of It from a cood man who
brought the news up to my house. I
flon't think there will be any seauel to
It. I suppose it will settle itself, if It Is
.•not already settled."
Eugene Hallett, a prominent senior,
who assisted In quelling the mutinous
students yesterday, said to-day:
'There is likely to be a revulsion of
feelinir in the case of Captain Nance.
He will be respected for insisting that
-iiis orders be obeyed, and if he stays I
¦pTedict that h*» will, in a year or two.
become one of tbe most popular in
structors at the university. It should
be understood that the greater part of
-the demonstration was caused yester
day, not by the seniors, but the under
classmen, who had gathered to 'Josh*
;the seniors when they lined up. ac
cording to orders, to march Into North
for instruction. I, as a senior.
'*"«» •willing to stand any of the 'Josh
.Ing,' It went a little too far. however.
•and became more than a 'Josh.' I
think there will be no unpleasant sequel
attending it. however." ,
• W. H- Dehm. president of the Asso
ciated Students, said that no action
was beinsr taken by the faculty or the
Associated Students' officials that he
"knew of to investigate or pursue the
matter further. It would be allowed
to drop, he thought.
• A week is to elapse before the stu
dents will be again required to march.
nccording to Captain Nance's orders.
"Ihto his classroom, his classes beine
-he!d on Wednesday afternoon of each
«e»k. It is predicted by the college
authorities that f»ext week the stu
dents will quietly obey the orders of the
commandant, and that there will be no
repetition of the disorderly scenes on
the campus yesterday afternoon.
will givk twenty-sixth
;< ;. Annual charity' ball
fierman Ladles' Relief Society to En
tertain at Maple Hall on
November 7.
OAKLAND. Nov. 3.— The 'members
of t!he German Ladles' Relief Society
•are making elaborate preparations for
the twenty-sixth annual charity ball
of the organization at Maple Hall on
Monday evening. November 7.
The affair is in charge of the fol
lowing committees:
Committee of arrMjrem«nt»— Mm. R. Cri«L
Mrt. A. Currlln. Mm. William WrutphaJ Mrs
A. M(*m. Mrs. H. Bredhoff.
Decoration committee — Mrs. Julius Seu!
berjer.
Reception committee — Mr». J. a. Hern-man
Mm. E. B&hla. Mn. George Uhl. Mr«. Charles
Alf», Mn. Cbarl« Jurpeoa. Mn. Pauline
Ench. A. Mee»e. H. BrrdhoH. R. Crist. A-
Curriln. J. Keu:b«nrer. Charle* Alf«, J n»u
rr.an. J. Neppach, A. M. Wcrum.
Floor manacrr— William WVgtphal.
Floor commute*— H. W. E. Currlin Carl
Srulberirer. Herman Helm, Henry R riieltr
Harry Gray. ." '_.y,\r .
The officers of the society are; Pres
ident. Mrs. A- M. Werum; vice presi
dent. Mrs. J. Bauman; secretary Miss
J. Wilkins; treasurer, Mrs. J. Nen
pach. • ¦'¦:>- " ..•-.'"
; GUIL.TT OF WIFE ' BEATING.— Oakland.
Nov. 3.— -Jchn Schwiidtlinifer pleaded rullty to
day ln the Police Court to beating hi« wife
He vtll b* sentenced November 10. -
OAKLAND, Nov. 3. — Trouble orer
certain shooting: preserves between
Mount Eden and Alvarado has resulted
In the matter being taken Into courr.
The grounds were the favorite resort
of v?ell-known sportsmen and to-day
a restraining order was issued at the
request of G. W. Emraons to prevent
Sebastian 1 Liguort from- permitting
others to shoot on the premise;*.
Llguori owns" the land, but Emmons
claims to have a ten-year lease on "It.
Quarrel Over Duck Preserves
Alleged Hammer Wlelder Caught.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3. — Hans Clemen
sen, a shoemaker, was In the Police
Court to-day on a charge of striking
Louis Burke, 11 years old, on the
head with a hammer. Burke saw
Clemensen .in San Francisco and
caused his alleged asasilant's arrest.
The trouble occurred several months
ago and the shoemaker disappeared.
He sold out his business in West Oak
land and let the story go that he had
departed for foreign lands. The case
was continued until Saturday.
The Gunters are young and have
two children. The wife alleges that her
husband has been drinking heavily
and when intoxicated has treated her
cruelly and that on one occasion he
drove her out of their home at mid
night shortly before the birth of their
first baby. She also says that on a $20
weekly salary he played the races and
got so badly in debt that he owed $350
after, the season and v that° she , had to
go to her sister's to/live in order to
give him a- chance to* square up. '..;:'¦ '}
; The- proposal to compromise .-"came
from him to-day. Attorneys on both
sides of the case and Judge Ellsworth
all endeavored .to arrive at a satisfac
tory conclusion, but the youpg wife
said .she had lost confidence in her
husband's ability to reform or to keep
the promises he made and refused to
consent to any compromise looking to
the resumption of marital relations. •
Testimony in rebuttal was then
taken and the case submitted. Judge
Ellsworth will render a decision next
Thursday morning.
After spending the entire morning in
trying to effect - a compromise with
Amelia C. Gunter, who Is suing Wil
liam Qunter for. a divorce, it was an
nounced by attorneys that no satisfac
tory arrangement could be agreed. upon
and that the attempt to end the suit
had failed. ' Following this announce
ment the. taking of testimony was re
sumed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
¦ 1016 Broadway, Nov. 3.
Effort, to Compromise Diffi
culties of the Gunters
Fails and Trial Is Resumed
The company's properties consist of
a reservoir site, capacity 17,000,000,000
rations, at the Junction of the South
and Licking forks of the Mokelumne
River in Calaveras County; alBo con
trol of water rights on the South Lick-
Ing and Middle forks of the Mokelumne
River, tributary to the reservoir site.
' This afternoon the advisory commit
tee announced that it would submit Its
recommendations to the City. Council a
week from Monday nljrht.. The com
mittee had decided to wind up Its work
In • time ; to file a report next . Monday
evening, but the Sierra Nevada Com
pany's new offer led to a postponement
that the company might present- its
plans. .-
Hon. Warren Olney." Chairman of tbe In
vestigating Committee — Dear Sir: Permit me
to advise you that the engineers of the Sierra
Nevada Water and Power Company are about
to complete a detailed report, giving full
specifications for the delivery of 20.000.000 gal
lons of water dally to Vour city. This report,
which will be ready for your consideration In
a few days, will Include the building and con
struction of the entire plant for the delivery
of 20.0OO.000 gallons dally to. the Berkeley line
or your county. This is a portion of the 32.
400,000 gallons dally, which your city Is to
have .the first right to. ¦ Should your com
mittee approve the plans,' specifications ' and
terms, I am -authorized to extend your hon
orable body an Invitation to visit and examine
our property. The engineers of this company
will be at your dtrposal and render you'. every
possible assistance. Kindly Inform me at what
time your committee will grant us a hearing
and oblige, yours rfry truly,
GEO. B. CRITTENDEN.
- The Sierra Nevada Water and Pow r
eT Company, owning reservoir sites and
water rights on the Mokelumne River,
Is preparing to submit to the Special
Committee on Municipal Water Supply
a proposal to install a complete system
of supply for the delivery of: 20,000,000
gallons of water a day to the city of
Oakland. The company has obtained
the time it desires to lay before the
committee detailed plans of its new
project
In its original offer to the city the
company, after outlining a scheme of
pipe lines and describing its property,
simply offered a guaranteed supply of
32,400,000 gallons a day. The city, un
der that plan, was to construct all the
necessary equipment. The new propo
sition contemplates the delivery of . the
water at the Berkeley town line.
The company's proposal la contained
in the following letter:
SAX FBANC1SCO. Nov. - 2. 19<M.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 3. t
Sierra Nevada Company Of
fers a New Proposition
for a Municipal System
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Just so long as the
charming wife of our genial Secretary of Com
merce and Labor. Victor H. Metcalf. Is still
with us will she continue to furnish a fascinat
ing motive for various social functions. Miss
Ptorlnne Brown and Mrs. Lillian Brown Everts :
will entertain at luncheon for Mrs. Metcalf
next week and among the. guests, chosen from
tbe exclusive set, will be several old friends.
The occasion promises to be unusually en
joyable. The R. G. Browns are always.de
lightful entertainers and Miss Brown is one
of the most winsome girls in town. • - '
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Miles are members of
a Jolly little club that is devoted to 500 and
yesterday being their turn u> entertain .and
the day being also their twelfth wedding an-'
niversary the members of the club were In
vited to dinner. A merry little dinner It was. -
The factors of this particular organization are
unusually congenial and when meet It
scarcely needs a. delicious menu and artistic :
decorations to furnish enjoyment. But so ma
terial are we that these things do count altt
tle and Mr. and Mrs. Miles' guests gazed with
satisfaction on the fragrant pink carnations,
the great filmy bow. of tulle and the rose
shaded candelabra that made the table a
'"thing of beauty" if not a "joy forever."
Among those who enjoyed the dinner and
the dancing later were Mr. and Mrs. Churchill
Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. Felton Taylor, Dr. and
Mrs. Harry P. Carlton. Mr. and Mrs. Fred B.
Dall&m. Mr. and Mrs. William High, Mr. and
Mrs Seth Mann. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lovell
and Mr. and Mrs. Miles.
• • i •
November 10 »eem« to be favored of the gods
and society. Church benefits, club affairs,
card parties and weddings are among the func
tions that will, call out Oakland's social set
on t~at date. * *
Trinity Episcopal Church, the little red ed
ifice on Telegraph avenue, will inaugurate a
beneficiary bazaar on that Wednesday and
among those who are working for its success
are many of Oakland's prominent women, in
cluding Mrs. John »Bakewell, Mrs. Julien
Mathlf-u Mm. Clifton Maeon. Mrs. Spenctr
Brown and Uin Marlon McElrath.
On the same date Mr?. Mathes and .Mrs.
Merrill will entertain at cards. Then there
I* the Oakland Club luncheon, which will have
added to Us usual culinary attraction a com
edietta in which several talented members of
the club will participate. _''-..¦"»;'
The little comedy. vScissor* cr Sword, by
Mrs. Elizabeth O«rberdln*. wlfl tx» pretented
by Mrs. W. S. Palmer, mlrtnl by Mr*. Henry
Abrahamson Mrs. M.' L.' BroadwMI. Ho. W .
W, Crane. Ml»« Lou Deni«>n, Mrs. H*nrl
C.randjean. Mrs. Koenlg. Mrs. . Melvln. Mrs.
W. A Schrock and Mrs. Louise Tennant.
' " ..-¦* ._' • • • •¦¦¦;. '..' ' '
The chief event of November 16 |s of course
the wedding of M(«s Kendall and Kenneth
I»wden. Petite and wHh a chic little flguir.
Miss Kendall promises to be one of the most
winsome brtde* of the season. Fhe has been
overwhelmed with engagement gifts and each
girl in her Kt Mrnw to be taking a particular
and personal interest In tbe approaching nup
tials. Although a home wedding, the prepara
tions are really elaborate. Miss Letty Barry
will he maid of honor and there will be a
sextet, as . well, cf bridesmaids — the Mlsres
Noelle de Oolin, Myrtle Blrna. Antta Ollrer,
Lillian Isaacs, Marlon Walsh and Ruth Kales.
Where could one find a more charming group
of girls? ........
The groom'a little sifter Helen . Lowden.
will be ftower bearer and Roland Oliver will
attend the groom. - i
• • •
Miss Kendall and Mlas ' Hoppe. who are
visiting Miss de Golia, shared the honorr at
a delightful afternoon affair to-day at the De
Golla. heme on Harrison . street. Mrs. Henry
Uosenfeld and Mr*. All end er assisted Mrs. de
Golta in entertaining her daughter's 'guests,
and tbe lavish decorations of flowers and palms
formed a pleasing background for the bouquet
of "buds" culled from the younger set of
girts. Among the girl card players were:
Miss Claris*" Lonse. . Mlns Edith " Downing.
Mln Bonnie Downlnr. MTSTKlsle KImble, Miss
Letitia Barry, Miss Evelyn Huasey. Miss Ruth I
Kales Miss Lillian Isaacs. Miss Antta Oliver, !
Miss Lacretla Burnham, M!«j Ada Kenna. Miss
Jessie Fox. Miss Myrtle Sims, Miss Carmen
Button. Miss Marion Walsh and Miss Nichol
son. ¦ . • • - •
Next Monday Miss Kendall will again be the
center of attraction." when Miss Clarissa 'Lnhse
will give a luncheon at .- the Piedmont Club
house. Miss Hoppe, a young Georgian visitor
will share the honors and a dozen guests will
enjoy the mrnu. . ¦
• ¦ • ¦ • .
One of>W. *J. -McCoy's piano pupils, Miss
Rita Slater of San -" Francisco. ' gave . a .recital
at Lyric Hall last .Tuesday In conjunction with
a Mlnetti violin- pupil. .Miss Grace Freeman.
These young ladles, and. incidentally their
teacb«r«, received the compliment , not only. of
a full house, bnt long and repeated 'applause
Every Dumber was , enthusiastically - encored.
And even at tb« very end th* audieno* Unxerad
WILL NOT TRY
HUSBAND AGAIN
An Innovation In the costumeto be worn by
rooters at the big football gam* on November
a 2 v has 2*1?^. order »d by Yell ; Leader Bulkeley.
A. broad silk band is to be. worn on the eleevo
by all of the blue and gold ' forces . under Bulke
ley s direction. The custom prevails in East
ern colleges, notably at Dartmouth. •¦'. •
Professor and Mrs. • Magee ehtertalned the
women who am taking gymnasium work with a
gym Jinks", ln Hearst Hall to-ntgHt- Most of
those .present were, .freshman women. The
•sophomore women, have decided oh. November
10 as the Ante for their annual "gym . jinks "
A new pipe threading machine, haa Just been
received by the college .of mechanics, it is
one.of the new Oster. makes and Is expected to
bo a valuable acquliiltlon to the department; -- •
Prufoscor John Galen 'Howard of the depart
ment of architecture has mm at work making
nurvrys of, the campus for use In carrying out
the., plans for a greater \ University of - Cal!
fornla. '±,^fG&Sn'*igJ~T*Vnnt!fiKTtTWTW1 M ilfl
The clasa of 1900 has Issued a notice 'of - Its
rSmoinuTi °. n f d . lnn a r on Nove mber 11 at the
California Hotel In San Francisco. The notice
of the affair fs signed by R. W. SImonda
president, and Frank W. Altken. secretary' and
reads as follows: "Nineteen hundred men all
fZZLJ*^1hi VeBt T e turnln * the " Joyful faces
toward the reunion. Everybody who can ride
W m k K ewl : n w Or fly tMn wa * '¦ on the move "mi
i vllI K, be ., wUh Ui Nov "«ber 11. surcharged with
double-distilled, triple-extra, high-power en
thusiasm with which the old familiar faces
will scintillate and the old yell,; and rongS
or rlml I? 6 ,", 1 weather Jnterfers, the walls
1 n la11 wl " •* completed this week
f£n f £ IU . the , n *" ln fulness '°r the erec
tion of the steel roof. . The last tiers of gran
rf* on , the Bld .« walls - wlth their simple Grecian
decoration, have given an Imposing beauty to
the structure, which i s admired by all.
t.^ W Bu " le ' e >". ye» leader, has received a let
ter from Proferaor E. j. Wlckson of the agri-
S«u".r" iS° le « ll ? ankln * the "rooters" of K the
university for their work. in the Greek theater
at the cperung.ge^onrorth^famers^insti
tute^.r.rofMsOr Wlckaon in his letter says
h5'tSi)' :a *""- ur< ;- 3^ th * t ' the * plrlt manifested
y th v Vi 8twIent - bod3^ ln thI»?affair,was;moVt
agreeable aa an admirable -manifestation of
student Interest In.the outside 'affairs -of the
J*,?i-!f " y> # a .1 d th * Performance -luelf coniHl-
Si?.1, ? the m08t 'nt* 1 **""* «nd attractive
features of our meetings." ¦ • -.- ."•
?fc VI « tor J^ (sda - i 05 . was .elected president of
thtonew Gymnasium Qlub at Its first • meeting
dent and. H. Ross treasurer. Professor Magee
Dr. Relnhardt and Professor Rhodes were
elected to honorary membership.
«r i2"f L V HaW , kln8 - a memb « r of the class
.1 a . or ' * Ix i-y** r » »" Instructor In
mathematics, visited the university yesterday
He Is now a prominent resident of Portland!
He said ye»terday: "Air the Wg trees around
the campus were small when I. was here as a
student. The new buildings are, beautiful and
make one proud of the university.'?. In' Colonel
Hawkins class were former Governor • Budd
and Colonel Edwards. '"k'i'l
The Senate won the debate with the Stu
«nS f L ° ngT * Be Tuesday night, when the sec
of the annual contests for the Keller cup
Justice of deporting miners from Colorado.
The judges were Professors Flaherty and Me
Co . r , ml <* *i»d . Mr: Garrison of San Francisco
it* 1 XJSL*!i ? n . d M «? d ° !ln Cl"»> ha 8 abandoned
its proposed trip to Nevada, which was to have
been taken this month.' Efforts are to be made
to, have the club accompany the second eleven
10' nonorH. ... ~- ¦" - . - i ..
Harry Encell. whb has charge of the' junior
farce. -Must About x „ * d the • curtain
raiser, "Some Idlots-and Others," announces
that an error -was- made. In'the recent -an
nouncement that the farces were to be given
at night Instead of the afternoon of November
,. The P Irfo «nanee will, an usual, take place
In the afternoon. The. holding of the farce In
the evening would Interfere with the junior
BERKELEY, Nov. 3.— A new wrinkle in the
training of the vaniity football - squad has
been ordered in the attempt to I dissipate the
stateness evident in the condition of the team.
The- varsity player* are to be taken to dinner
in San Francisco next . Saturday night, and
later they will attend the theater.. This un
usual procedure is deemed necessary to divert
the minds of the men and give them something
other than football to think of. The e«*dlent
last St e " e<1 at * meetln * <the;A.VsTu. C.
By Zoe Green RadcIifTe
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
WOULD INSTILL
A WATER PLANT
A FAVORED DAY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA PROFESSOR WHO WAS- PELTED- WITH CLODS
V AND GRASS BY RIOTOUS STUDENTS; SENIOR WHO 'HELPED QUELL THE
-DISTURBANCE AND THE PRESIDENT OF. THE /ASSOCIATED STUDENTS.- "
Repetition of Offense
Is Not Expected
¦¦by Faculty.
ALAMKDA, Sov. 3.— Local Republi
cans will hold their last rally of the
campaign to-morrow nisht in the West
tend Wigwam. The meeting has been
arranged under the direction of Joseph
B. l>anktrce. a member of the county
central committee. There will be the
usual bonfire, brass band and vocal se
lections by the Elks' Quartet. Hon.
Joseph R. Knowland,. J. Clem Bates
and Captain M. \V. Simpson will be the
principal speakers.
On next Thursday evening the West
End . Improvement Association will
hold a ratification reception In honor
of Messrs. Knowland, Simpson and
Bates. Governor George C. Parde<?
and other prominent Republicans have
been Invited . to . participate, and. the
State's executive has sent word that
he will be present.
The largest meeting that has been
held in the southern part of Alameda
County took place last night at Cen
terville, the home of Supervisor C. F.
Homer. Hon. J. R. Knowland, the Re
publican nominee for Congress, was
present and said a' few- good -words for
E. K. S trow bridge, the Republican
nominee for Assemblyman In that dis
trict; J: G. Mattos, the Republican
nominee for Senator and Supervisor C.
F. Homer. Both Mr. Homer and Mr.
Mattos are residents of Center ville, and
they were given an ovation. . :
Supervisor M. D. Rowe has an easy
fight. He has ably represented his dis
trict for eight years and has been In
dorsed by his; own ward, the Seventh,
in royar style; ,...' • ' ., >
There is to be a big smoker at West
Oakland ¦ in Alcatraz Hall to-morrow
evening, to be addressed by Hon. J. R.
Knowland. John Mitchell. J. J. Burke
and Phil M. Walsh, candidates for the
Assembly, and many prominent local
Republicans. This is to be one of the
tig joint meetings under the auspices
of both the Congressional and county
committees.
Alden was invaded by the Republi
can hosts last night and addresses
were made by P. M. Fisher. J. W.
Jones, Mark Streiter. Peter J. Crosby
and John Mitchell. There Is very lit
tle question about this portion of Mr.
Mitchell's district.
To-night there were two rallies In
the district represented by John Mitch
ell. The one at Milton Hall was in Mr.
Mitchell's home section, and was large
ly in his interests. There were ad
dresses' by Charles E. Snook, attorney
for the Regents of the State Univer
sity, and Peter J. Crosby, while Mr.
Mitchell himself said a few words to
his neighbors. Mr. Mitchell was in
dorsed most heartily.
The West End Colored Republican
Club gathered to-night at 1636 Seventh
street to listen to addresses by prom
inent Republicans. The colored people
of Oakland declared for* Mr. Mitchell
for Supervisor. ¦ I
These three men have been cam
paigning their respective districts, and
the character of their meetings has
been a guarantee of. the outcome of
next Tuesday's election.. /These , meet-:
ings have been large, of the.most,en
thusiastic kind and have been a hearty
indorsement of the administration of
the candidates.' V" :
All the local interest in the Repub
lican ranks Is centered around tho
three fights for Supervisor. The Re
publican , party has nominated three
men who have been tried, whose rec
ords are before the people and whose
honest administration of county af
fairs justifies the party in again sub
mitting their names for tUe votes of
the people— C. P. Homer in the First
District, II. D. Rowe in the Fourth
District and John Mitchell in the Fifth
District.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 3. •
. An instance of both her drinking and
her associates when out for a "time"
was told by II. J. O'Dea, who conduct
ed a corner grocery In West Oakland
several years ago. He testified that he,
Mrs. Buller and. the colored coachman
often repaired to, a barber shop* adjoin
ing his store and- had>\"tea"- together
there.v She would then drive about in a
hack and go from one resort to another.
One morning she was found in the rail
road yards in West Oakland after a
wild night spent in drinking, and she
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. S. H. Buteau, who examined her
upon that occasion, said he found her
suffering from excessive drinking. Her
clothing was dishevelled and she was
suffering ,from chronic alcoholism. A
long liquor bill was also introduced,
showing that she apent during a short
time she had her freedom $4 a day for
liquors. ¦ -
The testimony was finished by noon
to-day, and in the afternoon Attorney
R. M. Fitzgerald addressed the Jury for
his client, George T. Wright, who as
guardian of Lady Buller fought the
proceedings. He was followed by-At
torney Peter F. Dunne,- who closed for
the plaintiff. The case, as expressed by
several of the Jurors afterward, went
off on the question of her moral respon
sibility.' From the 'testimony the Jurors
were fully satisfied that in this regard
she was not competent to manage her
self or her affairs. .. . . . —
She is both rational and irrational. She
has a good memory and no hallucinations, yet
she has no conception of the value of money
or . ideas as to proper associates. She cannot
be trusted in the selection of her friends.
Morally I consider her Insane. She is utterly
unable to stand alone morally, and if she
were left alone she would return to her old
habits in twenty-four hours. I am satisfied
she would take to excess in liquor again.
Impressed with the testimony offered
as to her inability to choose her friends
well and leave intoxicants alone, a Jury
found . Lady Yarde Buller incompetent
this afternoon and denied her petition
to be restored to capacity. The verdict
was arrived at within" fifteen minutes
after retiring, it needing but a three
fourths vote for a verdict. The jurors
stood ten against her petition and two
for granting it
j It was shown to-day by the testimony
of Dr. John Robertson of Llvermore, at
whose sanitarium Lady Buller has lived,
that he does not dare to trust her to go
about without an attendant. While be
lieving her rational to some extent, he
said: .... ;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 3.
¦ HOLD MEMORIAL- SBRtTtCES.— Oak!«n>l
Nor 3. — The members of the Young "W onsen's
Christian Association- held memorial service*
t<j-day in memory of the late Mrs. Anson
Barstow. who was one of the charter members
o: the associations Resolutions of respect were
adopted. A fair. tha proceeds of which will
be used to help In paying off Uie debt on tha
Social Settlement building, will be given by
the directors of the association Saturday. De
cember 10.
MISMATED COUPLES— Oakland. No*. 3.—
Suit for divorce was begun to-day on th«
ground of desertion tiy Mary M. Van Pelt
against Eugene B. Van Pelt. They were mar
ried two years ago. An Interlocutory, decrea
of divorce was granted Alice M. Cooper from
Ralph VV. Cooper on the ground of haJSitua! in.
temperance to-day by. Judge M'lrln. A final
decree of divorce was granted Mary Counihan
from John Counihan for Infidelity. She was
also allowed to resume her maiden name of
Mortarty. Annie C. Gutt* was granted a final
decree of divorce from Henry W. Outte. She
was also granted the custody of their minor
son and awarded $SO a month alimony. She
was granted an Interlocutory decrea a year
ago on tbe ground' of desertion. ' -. "
CARPENTER CHARGED WITH BURG
LARY.—Oakland. Nor. X— William E. Ellis.
a> carpenter, was tn the police court to-day
on a charge of removing doors. ' windows and
other . building material from Schinxmelpfeni;
Hall. East Oakland, without consent of th«
owner. It U claimed that Ellis was using- th«
stuff tn a building he 1* constructing. Attor*
ney L...S. Church asked for Ellis'- dismissal on
the ground that ha had - not been permitted
by the police to Interview -his client last Bight
before be bad been formally charged. After
Prosecuting Attorney Leach had mada a state.
ment that no complaint had been Bled as yet
the case was continued until to- morrow morn
ing by acting Police Judge W. R. Geary.
Order. of Eagles, has returned to his heme at
543 Santa Clara avenue after escaping with a
number of painful Injuries sustained in *
wreck- of th« New York Central near Rochester
while en nls return trip from the national con
vetiticn of the order at Baltimore. ' He 'was
laid up In a hospital at Rochester for several
weeks. • • •'¦ ' • •''':¦«'•
ADDRESSES MEN'S CLUB.— Oakland. Nov.
3. — Rev. Robert J. Renlson Jr.. who for six
years has been a. working missionary among
the Indians and Esquimaux of Hudson Bay.
addressed the members of the Men's Club of
St. Paul's Church this evening, telling of . bis
experience In the frozen north. He will re
peat his address to-morrow afternoon at 3
o'clock before the ladies of the church. ¦.¦•,,;
ESCAPES FROM WRECK.— Alameda. Nor.
3. — Jack Hamry. a prominent member of tho
WILL FILED FOR PROBATE.— Oakland.
Nov. 3.— The will of Mrs. Marie a Mendonc*
was filed for probate to-day by h«r nusbani).
Frank J. Mendonca of Haywardm. who Is
named as executor. It disposes of an estate
valued at $l«80. of .which $10u0 is left to the
husband, $J0O to each of two brothers and $1CO
to a niece. The remainder U bequeathed to
religious Institutions.
WAS WEAK FROM HUNGER . OaXJanrl,
Nov. 3. — T. J. Conroy. who was. examined by
the Lunacy Commission yesterday, has greatly
improved since he was taken to U» Receiving
Hospital, where the surgeons . have . concluded
that he was simply suSertng from llmess
caused by- hunger. Conroy Is an employe of
the Southern Pacific Company. ' •,-.,••_
'COUNTY MUST PAT BILL.— Oakland. No*.
3. — A writ of mandate, was granted this morn
lnp to the Bank of San Leamdro. ordering
County Auditor G, W. Bacon to Issue, a war
rant for the payment of $3043 48 for tha
printing of the county delinquent tax list for
tb« year 1901-02. The claim was assigned to
the bank by the Oakland Tribune Publishing
Company.
ST. ANTHONY'S FAIR A St7CCBS8.-*O*Sc
la'nd. Nov. 3. — Mora than $20,000 has alrna.ly
been raised by th« fair for* the benaflt of tha
boy.V school, of St. Anthony's parish, and it Is
expected that more will be taken la before th.j
close of the fair next Saturday evening, as
many articles still remain unsold. Many copies
of the. Parish Souvenir nav* been sold during
the fair.
RETURNS AFTER LONG ABSENCE.—
Oakland. Nov. 3.— William Jame». who for
the last ten years has been superintendent of
•ne of. the largest mines In South Africa -U
visiting his mother. Mrs. C. H, James, at her
home. 588 Merrimac street. Mr. James la
accompanied by his wife, who was a relative
of the late President' Krurer* '• -~. -.'-.'"».
tO FORCE TENANT OUT.— Oakland. Xor,
3.4-Sult to eject William Gay from property
now occnpled by him at First and Webeter
streets was begun to-day by C. H. Holbrookv
who- purchased the property alons ' wlta ' other
holdings recently at a commissioner's aala for
$40,000. He wants the premises vacated so as
to make. Improvements.
WILL GIVE A DINNER.— Oakland. Not.
3.— The members of local union No. ttlO. lea
and Mineral Water Wagon Drivers, have Per
fected arrangements for a FTeocb dinner ¦ H»
b* riven on Wednesday evening. November 1«-
Invitations to the dinner have been sent to>
the managers of the- local Ice companies-? s> T •;
AOEI> ODD FELLOW gERIOCSLY TLl^~r
Oakland. Novi 3.— Z. Ludwlg th« oldest mem
ber of the I. O. O. F- In the Stats of Callr
fornia. Is seriously 111 at the home of nls
daughter. Mrs. A. Henderson. 374 Tenth street.
Owing- to his advanced aga his condition Is
considered critical. Mr. Ludwl* Is 80 year*
of ase.. *<*".
OAKLANDNEWS.
Drinks With Anybody and
Makes a .Boon Companion
of a' Colored Coachman
Voters Show Marked Confi
dence in Servants Whose
Records Are Well Known
Military Instructor Is
Inclined to Be
Very Strict,
MEETINGS SUCCESSFUL
INTOXICANTS HER BANE
Jury Finds -That She Is
Morally Unable to Care
for Herself or Affairs
Three Republicans 3Iak£
Whirl wind Fight to Be
come Supervisors Again
President Wheeler Says AffairlsUnimporiant
GOOD MEN ARE
UP FOR OFFICE
LADY BULLER
INCOMPETENT
CAPTAIN NANCE TO REPORT ON STUDENTS' RIOT
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, FRIDAY/; NOVEMBER : 4, V 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
J UNUBtOM' fecOREsVA" HUNT^-Oakland,
Nov.:3.^ErlC Lindblom, the millionaire miner,
haBibepngranted,'a;wrft of review-in hl.i-i.»it
ti)Bfcur« the'annullMent'.pf the Hale of a piece
; of ,Herk*l*y property valued at $15,000. - This
.was sold '. to ' satisfy: a Judgment rendered asaiast
bhn'whiUUe wa.'ta AUuka;:,; "J£*> a '\
¦ Mr. and Mrs.C, W. 1 Hunt and.two'sons' left
on Thursday for a trip East to visit friends
.and relative and the St. Louis Fa>
Speaklni? of Mr. ¦. McCoy, .reminds me that he
will ba at the Nile Club next -Tuesday evening
with the orchestra to while away with music
the hours '¦ that . might . otherwise ¦ (row .weary
while: the members await i election ¦ returns ¦ '
and. demanded more, all of which speaks' vol
umes for both teachers and pupils •¦-
• ••¦.. i , - . •••'-.'
6
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
:<'¦¦ -.: SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Fcdl-sized Package of *
ALLEN'S
JOSTON BROWN BREAD
FLOUR., .,
. Simple to Prepare;
Delicious in Flavor.
A New England Breakfast
Free With Every SmaL Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small Ad Pare for - Further
; \ Particulars. - •
W^Jfc H mi JF^ J1^ man y otller painful and serious
m SnM ra fi ailments from which most mothers
fy& H 1^1 %&& suffer, can be avoided by the use of
g&SfegSB A < . Mflt!l8f ' $Fri81^ This great remedy
™ T" ™ ordeal- with safety and no pain.
•No.woman who nses •'Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its hjorror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery'. The child is
also healthy, strong and ' -j- ---^^ _!_-¦ •
woman, and will be sent free . in plain BB jsj* n 'wm la m n^
envelope by addressing application to & Bk g Wm Sffl
BradHcId Regulator Co. Atlanta. Ga. W iiQ bfHJ
OAKLAND.
fOio Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BEnKFTLEY.
21 tS Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
AJLAMEDA.
1435 Park Street. :
Telephone Atamrafa (59.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY./ Ptarmisrana chaste their brownish
gray plumage to pure white in win
ter.
Ellcxhiate froas the blood the eric aad
lactic acids , that cause rhewmatissi br
ustn? Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
dently has not investigated - this matter thcr
oughly, otherwise he .would hava found that
France does not Import any. California wtnea
for home consumption, bet uses the sase ' ex
clusively : ln her pesseasiocs' la the PaciSc
Ocean." ihowtng thereby. i that she recognise*
the superior quality and purity of our wtnes.'
We are exporting ¦ large quantities • to Eng
land. Germany ami Switzerland, where th«
most stringent pure- food law* are tn force.
and It goes without saving that the connois
seurs of the world wooU not take oar wines
and - pay more for them than for thetr ¦ own
products, unless they proved superior both ia
quality and purity. ' 3S»®BHB^HB
- It does not need further evideoca to - con
vince the most skeptical that he statements
attributed to Mr. 1 High are absurd, and evident
ly made with the view of sUnderias; the Cali
fornia wine Industry. '
>L\X OUT OX BONDS IS
REPORTED ' TOBE 3OSS1XG
George -Lee.' on. Trial - for Obtai
3Ioney by False Pretenses,
Does Krati Stunt.
At the Morgue, last night George
Lee,- who 13 out:on-J20flO bonds on a
charge of- obtaining money by false
pretenses, was reported missing. A. L>.
O'Grady, his attorney, made the report.
He Is", anxious to i ascertain the where
abouts of. his client.- who was to- have
appeared in Judge ] Mogan's court for
a hearing- yesterday. .
O'Grady sent for Lee ten day3 : ago.
telling -him. to come .to" his 'trial. Lee
left Los Angeles; on October 20. ; osten
sibly .bound for . this ¦ city . Since that
time he, has " not ; been '; heard from.
He left a wife and two children In
Los Angeles. Yesterday. 'O'Grady • re
ceived a message from a" Mrs. Stewart,
saying that Mrs. Lee "was dying ¦ and'
wanted her husband to" come to her at
once/^fSHBH
O'Grady cannot Imagine* what has
become of Lee and j fears ¦ that he has
taken his life. ' The. police believe, that
Lee. like • Kra tz, has -Jumped , his bonds
and ' Intends to- evade trial. Lee was an
insurance solicitor : and mining man.
He fs 40 years oldr
z Dr. F. F. Knorp has returned from the |
East. and has resumed practice.. . *' I
. The r Dohertys/ the celebrated ' tennis i
players," pronounce their. name with; the I
accent * on ' the " second 3 syllable. • - * i {
sfcclld be ¦ invesUgated on "1^™^°^ nSt
pi:rlty The suggestton of California, was not
supported: by, any.' other. State.
- Another -point might be referred to. The
tow^rtaS-estabUabe* by Eastern wta« form
SJ Eo£ ' notable competitloa torO^*!:
Tc-da-y.- for lastaace. clarets _frora
and ether Eastern States are wW at 30 c«ts
delivered - to K«w Orleans, while Calif ontia.
Iverv vear tries to mamtala a living prtee
US ce«»" which, deducting therefrom about
nalffoV^freigh^ b\r«l and «™£g>°\£. *££
wine^ atone—wines that possibly have been
SitSrelV: ten years for this particular pur-
may have to" learn a great deal yrt la
Call* :ocSu ¦ but . la i th- direction suggested by
o^r would-be adviser very Httle P™*™"^"""
accrue Mi'takea have beea made here and
probably ¦ are. stUl-ketag made, but not oa th,
UnwTto provoke such unmiUgated. unschotarly
Led unintelligent criticism. ' And aa this after
S? pres?d»St^of the California Wtae AsmcU
tion paid 'a hlsh personal compltmen^ tn» an
.ddresTdeUvered only. a. monta ago. b« f0 EV5f «
'nvraltlonal.Pure Food Congress tnfct. Louis.
thTAraericaa sparkling wtne . industry— «n
todusur^f which . A. J. High pose,
prominent aad Interested representative. ,
When seen ' regarding the matter P.
C^ Rossi said:.
ROSSI : 3IAKES ;REV liiW .
' Either ¦ Mr ' High was - not ; fairly quoted, or i
ta the : interview : that? he ¦. bad/he spoke on a
subject that he - was not at att familiar with.
U- -High Is probably,.-, familiar - wttn
pagne-iaaklnsr . ( and > champagne-selling, bet his
statements do not fire the impression that he
knows ' rnuca about , the wine Industry a gen
eral and the California *wtne Industry in par
ticular. His remarks «ould b« excused if maci<;
by a small wine grower, who produces a small
tot of wine and •desires * to- sell it in . small
quantities for the highest price that he can get.
jr ; by a dealer whoae ; sole ambition Is to «eU
i few thousand gallons or a* few hundred cases
af wine * a" year: at ; a big • profit.' . • ' ..
'• The California wtne Industry must be con
sidered from a. bread point of v»«w. especially
when - you . take ' In • consideration that ; about
I1CO.0CO.00O i are '• Invested 'and - that the:,vine
yards comprise more than'2C«X00O acres.:
¦ : Itis a' very- easy matter, to criticize, but tt *»
livery difficult one * to! flnd.'a market for, th*
product.: especially In-» : country - Hie this,
whero the majority are not wine-drinking peo
ple. ljnnrn,Oij ini'TQili iTPiwMITT'wTinTi
•A"market for all the win* that can be pro
duced in California cannot 'be found k» easily.
o- cannot ' be confined. to people of means who
can pay 'a . stiff, price i for old and expensive
wlnesT Ninety per ' cent or. the . table wine
consumed to*, the; United; States U bought by
the -laboring classes, -who drink wine at, their
meals . instead '¦ of tea.'- coffee, or : beer^and It
would be folly to think :that ¦ they coaM afford
to buy . very % oM." expeaaiva , wines. Further
nvjre. - a * large t quaa Oty of wine shipped from
California <¦' Is /.by. 'Eastern merchants,
who store and: ag«- It ior. their trade,": and with
very few exception* -. 'they ; do not want ¦ wine,
that 1« too ©'«!..'•• -.:" * r ' i>- *..*"%:'
-£. far as 'the aseertlon that. Calif ornia wines
«.r»**ofr'. on arrival teethe East." meaning, that
they > suffer i a change ? during -. the trip,- 1 >. w«i
stats that not m«rchaat <tc any one who | un
derstands aarthlng t abour .: wtne - ever .- dream3
of getting. them to perfect condlUoa. . Every
body knows very w«U . that • even the ¦ most ex
pensive European wtaes. ,vrhea bronght la caska
ta this -country. 'ha* et»; be nnrseil and clari
fied, and the same thing occurs: with the Can"-'
'oral* wiaes-when thej-7are ¦ shipped 7 East.
One thing \» sure, and ' tisat is— taking every
thing •- into icofisIderafToE^-there; ,' Is ttot~ th»
least doubt" that- California wines, sucb as ' are
made ' and- marketed.* compare very- favorably.
aa ¦; t*v age,* ' quality^* puttty.. asd - strength, wtta
any' . wines t that" are " mad« ? In sFrance.' Italy.
Spain.' Germany or '- inj the Eastern States.'lBOt
wiihstandlng 1 ' Mr.".' High's ".•feoUsh\ r and ' absurd
reraar'« which really do wot deserve particular
consideration^. ¦•¦ *
,¦ *-"As ta tie exporting at shipload » of new ..wiaea
or frait* Juices,* as 'called by : Mr." High,"h« T «vl-
Woman"- Club* in Annual Session.
VISALJA. Nov. J.— The seventh "an
nual session of the Valley Federation
of Woman's, Clubs opened In this city
to-day. Delegates are present from
Tulare,^ Kings, N Kern and Fresno
counties. A grand reception to the
visiting delegates was held .this even-
In? at the Auditorium. A proposal to
Incorporate the Valley Federation lnta
a State federation will be discussed at
the session. Mrs-George Law'Smlth.
president of the State Federation, will
address the delegates.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 3. — Bart Davis,
a- pioneer of Sonoma County, has been
:_k-r ; into custody to prevent him
rnmTniri'rg suicide. Davis declares
that he is being impelled to self-de
struction . by some irresistible power.
H*- was formerly a business man ef
Geyserville and ia well- kno-sni
throughout Sonoma County.
Threatens to Kill Himself.
Arrancfasr to Exploit. Portland Fair.
PORTLAND. Nov. 3. — Heads of de
partments of the Lewis and.Cla.rk Fair
Corporations' publicity committee have
b*en appointed and the bureau will
h^r.ceforth pursue a systematic and
vigorous policy in diversifying infor
mation concerning; the fair. Arrange
ments are being made with the repre
sentatives of several of the leading
magazines of the country to issue ex
position numbers, the entire issue be-r
in*; devoted to the exploitation of the
.Pacific Northwest and the Lewis and
Clark Exposition. %
* On the. line- of California's suggestion, sup
ported by • telegrams, sent by Governor Pa rdee
aad Senator Perkins. Dr. H. W. WUey. chief
of the Department of. Agricultnre.r was ap
pointed /on the * St. Louis wtne Jury, and we
much regretted; his' withdrawal. It was also
taken, up ; by California, at the suggestion of
Colonel rBrigham and Dr;w. r>. Bigelow, both
of the- national bureau of chemistry, that all
wines submitted for competition in: St. Louis
- The < market for high-priced wines, is very
limited.. -The working, elemsnt In the Urge
cities Is" the principal consumer, - and la ord*r
to- popularize wtne as a beverage generally tt
must remain cheap, healthful and pure. It
Mr. High kaows anything about th« wine trade
of the world he will admit that at Ieajt one
half of the liCMtOOO^gallon erop of France is
columned or shipped ' as "via ordinalr" before
the ¦ new ". vintage. The assertion .that Cali
fornia ¦ wines cannot be shipped safely while
in their . first- or second year without" preserva
tives shows gross lgnoranc* or a malevolent
spirit.. ST ..-."-¦-,.
I - do not care to enter here Into a com
parative'argument ca .the merits aad purity
of ' our California products generally ajralnst
the i Eastern- vintages. Let them take ail th*
glory that the "scientific" methods they claim
to. employ will, gtv*- them. . California has
over bait a century r of , strenuous vitlcultnraJ
life behind her; the moot skillful -aai experi
enced wiae makers of alt nationalities and
the - crapes of - all nations are at our .il.«
poaal aad, our, t2orU-hav« .been saccessfaL
The r»«pta« assertion of - adulteration Is " a
cailgsaat ¦ falsehood.' ' ¦
The statement that It takes five years to
produce a drinkable ; table ' wiae to easily con
tradicted ty any experienced European win«
man. . " Only about 10 per cent of the. world's
vintages ( are"~bosstbly - fitted for special selec
tion , and would stand or repay the enormous
expenses connected " with tea years' nursing.
Ia s;lle of this : California always carries ' a
large amount of old vintages and has often
been compelled to- do so, because combtnatlcas,
cir-umsusces and overprodoctlcn made it com
pulsory * aad . great tosses resulted '. from such
temporary necessity. The age of a wiae alone
Is • not ¦ the i standard. *«f Its merit— every year
adds ccnslderably to . Its cost and makes . tt
more difficult to sell at an equitable valuT.
tion. ¦ HKfiSMnKSSHM - •¦¦•'»
HALF CENTURY'S WORK.
"I say there is -cot oae drop o£ tree wtne
that is the properly matured article — shipped
frcm California- It takes five years to ma
ture a table wine. There ; is not sufficient
cellar room la the State to mature the product;
the dealers are building up a rotten* structure;
the growers of grapes haven't enough meney;
cooperam ; U expensive; If they could only
hold their products for five years they would
baild ud a different reputation."
-And on top of all these . immature unfer
meated generalities,- the statement Is made,
that- "shiploads: of Juice are. still going from
California to France, there to be- rebottied
ia . the . French laboratories -with ¦ fitting adul
terants tc b» reshlpped to America." The ab
surd fallacy of this . ridiculous statement and
tie lack or intelligent Information It exposes
only- emphasizes . the general falsehood of his
other contentions. ¦
The "high" souadlag keynote of ths critical
"high"* priest cf the Brotherhood . Wine Com
pany ia Xew York is struck tn the following:
"California produces some good wines It la
true, but we are producing better ones in X«w
York." A. -J. High, a director of this crgan
liatlon. further asserts tliat our . wines are
tnatkjted too youn* to stand shipping and that
therefore they are doctored with accumulative
poiscn. an ov«rdos« of salycilic acid, which,
"harmless la small . quantities." ¦ is deleterious
in accwanUted form. He ventures the follow
ing opiaioas : . • .
often provoke profitable dsacusaicn. Biased,
unworthy, nalignant misrepresentations carry
the earmarks of Jealous "commercialism" and
convict themselves. jJMKaN
Ctarlea Bundschu -mid: 1 admit the report
from St. Louis published in The Can cf Octo
ber 31 form* a veritable surprise to many Inter
ested parties tn California. ¦ Her grape growers
and wine handlers especially are interested ta
opinions advanced by Eastern wine men. no
matter how amusing some of them may be.
Intelligent criticism, based on good win. knowl
edge and experience, plead for themselves and
BUXDSCHU 'GIVES- FACTS.
This testimony of competent. ~ disinterested
Jurors should, better than any written . refuta
tion from an interested source, give the Me to
Mr. High's intemperate and biased criticisms.
The remark that "shiploads of 'Juice stfll' go-
Ing from California to France" Is an ridtcalcui
that it can fcrteSy be characterized as a 'fairly
tale pure and simple.
• Mr. . High s remark. "I say theft Is not one
drcp of • true wine — that Is, the properly ma
tured article — shipped frcra California," .would
be simply Iacrhable were it net . fcr the ma
liciousness behind the accusation It can best
be rc/uted * by mentioning that at the Paris
Expedition of 1D0O in France. • tha ! recognized
center of tine world's fine red wines, Califor
nians were sig&aily honored by the award cf
ma&y gold, silver and bronze medals, but the
French Jury probably knew more than Mr.
High about the difference between "Juice'* and
a sound, matured, first-class wine. , .
At the Pan-American • International Exposi
tion the quality of Callfcsiia wines was simi
larly rectgnlzed by substantial awards, but
they probably omitted to call in Mr. High as
aa "expert." While at the Louisiana. Pur
chase Exposition at St. Louis lately an inter
n-i'-ai jury, ccm posed of more thaaj four
fifths foreigners, have given California, wines
and brandies four graad prizes, fourteen gotd.
eleven sliver and five brenze medals, or a total
cf thirty-four awards, as agalast one grand
prize, six gold, six silver and four brenze
medals, a total cf seventeen awards to East
em wine<. RBRMWRMSSIBB
The total investment la vineyards and th#
wtne buslaess ta California is net far short of
ISO.OOO.Ow). The statement as to the shortage
of cooperage for storing wines la also purely
imaginary, for. on account cf the ravages of
phylloxera tn certain sections, storage cooper
age cftrn roes begging for one-tourthi cf Its
crigina! '.-ost. Of course, ta seasons ef heavy
crops it Is sometimes difficult to have suffi
cient cooperage at a riven spot, but this is a
temporary winemaking problem and not a ques
tion of wins stor»gr«-
The aee and maturity of California wines
put out by the great California houses to th«
gMj^ral trade will compare most . favorably
with the recoenlzed practice In any of th<
European wlne-rrowtn^ countries. . It is true
that s'nie wines are shiooed by winemakers
direct- to the- Eastern trad* without going
throusi the hands of the recoenUed merchants.
Such wia« have seldom recelTec the care and
attention necessary to the turning . out of a
perfect article, but are the outcome of the de
mand from tne East tor something cheaper
than it Is possible fcr the large merchants to
furnish after bestowtcs upon .wines the neces-
Kary care and attention, tec-ther with the
heavy costs of Interest. Uim, Insurance and
evaporatioa necessary c/urinc the maturinc
period. . V ¦ . -
As to ' insufocie&t capital imcs? wtae
crowers. here ataln tgaoraace cf cocdltlocs is
displayed, for after the wiae rrower and maker
has camered his crop the necessary capital is
ci;nera.lly supplied by the wtne dealers and
handlers, cf whem the fire Ieadlnc houses have
over $13,0m>,C0O lnrested in the business. - not
to «peak of the many smaller houses with an
Investment corr»spoiuiiEc to their elze and im
pcrtance.
"FAVORABLE CO31PARISON.
nia. wines, ia which he eridently confounds
the winemaker, who generally within, stx
months after the vintage dlspci?* of his prod
uct to the lane handlers, with tne merchant
whOk in his turn, stores and properly matures
:t for the market.
natters have arisen in connection with
the estate and large, sums of money
b^lonjrin? to it and unknown to Clark
at the time of the filing of the final
at count have become due. The re
orer.ing of the estate is necessary to
collect these sums and for adjusting
ether ne^zr conditions.
and urgent
afternoon by former Senator Reuben
Clark, asking that the estate of his
late father, Abraham Clark, be re
oper.ed and that new letters testa
rnentary be issued to him. Abraham
Clark died in Na.pa County on March
>. 1I»1. leaving a will dated July 26,
1S50. The e*tate -was valued at
$206,600. Reuben Clark rendered his
£:ul account as executor of the estate
irr September. 1900. after most of the
bdnrrtatd received their shares of the
Execntcr Finds Property belonsins to
Late Abraham Clark That Had Not
Been Administered Upon.
JTAPA, Nov. 3. — A petition was
tied in the County Clerk's oSce this
FILES PETITIOX ASKING
THAT ESTATE BE REOPENED
Many facts of interest . are supplied
In Intarvle-Brs by the three gentlemen
who are quoted. They meet and refute
criticisms at all points and collectively
furnish information that, given pub
licity In The CalL is certain to largely
benefit the. wine industry of California.
Mr. Morgan's remarks are. la fuIL as
follows: * .
The statements attributed to a Mr. Hlch of
the Brotherhood Wla* Conrpany. *nd lately
tnssraltttd • ty th* nxeda.1 correspondent toe
Tbe Call at' St. LooU. constitute *uch a r*
tcarfc&bl*. «xh±bitlon of lrnorasce and mis
•tatemes't coorled icitn malice affatnst Cali
fornia. vlMf.- that User, can only be attributed
to two causes — tie second tne more chari
table — Bacaetjr: either a deliberate. laUnticna!
and trj:tci-:i:* lltn-l oa tne Calllomla. wise in
costry. made .with the foolisn Idea. ©£ cettiss
a free advertisement for the wlaes ot one sec
tion by vullyln* those of another, er the hal
lucination* of a brain clcoded by too freoaent
sunpUcy of bta o«n wise*.'
¦ We *PlIl * ra*» tar - th* present Mr. H!*h' »
«tatetr«Jt that Ne-sr York- State wines' are bet
ter than thoee from. C^lrornia, : with the re
niark. bowerer.' -that nowhere la .the United
States except la California does th» true win*
crape flcTrrWi and mature, for we do not wish
to detract from the merits ei many honest
Eastern wtaerrowen. who, t>y . years * o£ pa
tient «2ert:afaiU5X:«lin««t-OTerwh«ta5liMr clf-
Ccslti** have i by . persistence and advertising
breoxht' ti pebllc auesttca and appreciation
the \trtue». of wines, rsrticuUrty »p*rVlln«
wtne« produced from native American rrap-s.
¦ nd ti whom -in "my recent address before the
latematicoal Pure Food Congress betd at St.
LouU I ra^e • roll credit ana appreciation.
We wottld . c&nsfe>r . it beneath the diznlty
if California to defend Itself by retaliation,
and co minimize hncent. • sclendld efforts of
Ea « tern producer* to make , popular the home
production. fey asaoctatlar «oc& ta any manner
with lakers ta the East wtoo are dUuractnir th*
catae of win« by coBcoction* which we trunt
may •oca b« suppressed by, OoncreM thrsaxa
a pure food bill, of which Calif oraian*. sec
onded by the 'earnest- assistance of Eastern
wine mec " have for many years been ea
tfeaYortas; to-secure the passage ajt Dr^ WUey,
chief ' of ¦ the bureas of • chemistry • of thesDe
rartmett of Arrtcultnre at Washington, will.
I am sure, ztadly testify. ¦-.¦¦' r : -
The reference by Mr. H!*n ti» "frutt Jaices,"
"ar.'.cialouLu!." »tc_ in the ev Went confusion
nt ' hi • - rr.ind between ' rrape ¦ Jute* " and ¦ fer
mented wines, simply display? a crass tgao-'
raace of tbe—ouestion. Tbe saBcyUc acid ac
cosaticn may . be • dismissed with; the remark
that almost ¦ every £tate new. has a 'pore- food
law, which ia rxprtmm terms ' prohibits tts us?,
or that of _any - other ,Jiannfut ; aatlseottc . in
wioes. and readers those. coataininci*t4cn found
within rcetr- borders habie to> seizure, and -the
dlstribatcrs to orcwei: mien. , If ; Mr. - Hlch • does
not know this h» merely. makes ; another. exhi-.
bit ton cf his ignorance of th* wine btuineu
aad the cenditiens ; sorreoading ; It. as h» - also
4oes ta tU remarks about the ace of" Calif or-
Mr. Morgan calls attention to the fact
that at the Paris Exposition in France
in 1900, France being the center of the
world's fine red wines, California na
were signally honored by the award of
many gold, silver and bronxe medals
by a French jury, that probably knew
more than Mr. High about the differ
ence between "juice" and a sound, ma
tured, first-class xrtne; that at the Pan-
American International Exposition Cal
ifornia wines were recognized by sub
stantial awards, and that at the St.
Louis Exijositlon an international jury,
more than four-fifths of the members
of the Jury being foreigners, California
was awarded for wines and brandies
four grand prtxes, fourteen gold, eleven
silver and five bronze medals, or a total
of thirty-four awards, as against one
grand prize, six. gold, six silver and
four bronze medals, a total of but sev
enteen, awards to Eastern wines.
This testimony of competent, disin
terested jurors should, better than any
¦srritten refutation from an interested
source, give the lie to Mr. High's intem
perate and biased criticism," says Mr.
Morgan.
Mr. Rossi says that California wines
that are marketed compare favorably
•with any wines that are made in
France. Italy, Spain. Germany or in the
Eastern States, notwithstanding Mr.
High's absurd remarks ; also that "we
are exporting large quantities -of our
wine3 to England. Germany and Switz
erland, where the most stringent pure
food laws are in force, and the con
noisseurs of the world would not take
our wines and pay more for them than
for their own products unless they
proved superior, in quality and purity."
Mr. Bundschu says that the sweeping
assertion of adulteration is a malignant
falsehood; that. the assertion that Cali
fornia, wines cannot be shipped safely
In their first or second - year without
preservatives shows gross ignorance or
a. malevolent spirit. "Mistakes have
been made in California, and probably
are still made, but not on the lines to
provoke such unmitigated, unscholarly
and unintelligent criticism.**
JUSTIFY STATE'S FAME.
Percy T. Morgan, president ol the
California Wine Association; P. C.
Rossi, president of the Italian-Swiss
Colony at Asti. having huge plants at
Asti. at Madera. and in San Francisco,
and Charles Bundschu. president of the
Gundlach-Bundschu "Wine Company
and chairman of the California com
mittee of the viticultural exhibit at the
St. Louis Exposition, have been inter
viewed.
In the attack that High made upon
the California wine industry hei said
that California dealers are using sali
cylic acid in the wines that they send
East; that there is not sufflcient cellar
room in California "to hold their juice
until it is true wine**; that shiploads of
"juice" are going from California to
France, there to be rebottied with
adulterants in the French laboratories
and reshipped to America to be sold
under French labels at higher prices
than the similar wine direct from Cali
fronia brings; that California is not
going about winemaking in an honest
and substantial way; that "not one
drop of 'true wine' — that is. the prop
erly matured article — is shipped from
California." Other statements are made
aa ridiculous as the foregoing.
In a recent Issue of The Call the wine
men of California had an opportunity
to see what they have to confront in
the East. The St. Louis correspondent
of this paper Interviewed A- J. High, a
winemaker of New York, who assumed
to have superior knowledge concerning
wineinakins in the United States, and
In California la. particular. The lead
ing wine men of this State declare, and
bring the strongest possible proof to
sup'port their assertions, that High's
statements are a series of misrepre
sentations.
Expositions Give
to State Many
Signal Awards
Ai^ia. B. Fox, who seeks to recover
510,000 dasig?s. Tne complaint is
brief and ursensationaL Miss Fox al
leges thax oa the 17th of July. 1WL Dr.
Mcilahon p^nilsed to marry her with
in a reas-cnabls time. She further, al
leges that, relying oa the promise of
th- defendant, she has remained nn
siarrisd and has been and is now willing'
to marrv him. Tbe defendant on or
a*»ut October 1, 1304. It is alleged, re
fused to marry her and she believes
ehe has been damaged in the sura asked
fur in the complaint.
- Miss Fox has been a resident of this
dry for many years and is well known.
. Dr. Mcilahon is narly TO years of age
and has be«n twice married. Both his
Trives are itaJL
tvd*l Dttratrii to Tt* Can.
fc'AN JOSE, Nov. 3.— Dr. A. McMahoa,
a promirect physician and surgeon of
tfcis city and on* of the best-known
ta-dieal =ien in the State, has been sued
for.anesed brrach of procaae by Miss
VERDICTS QUOTED
State Wines Defended.
MEN who are largely identified
with the wine industry* or
v California take opportunity this
morning to refute the, calumnies of
an Eastern detractor and at the same
time opportunely supply for the con
sideration of the" world some facts
concerning the greatness of; the vast
business which intelligence and en
terprise have built up in this State.
The sum of Si ao, 000,000 is invest
ed and more than 200,060 acres are
devoted to the culture of wine grapes.
Miss Anna B. Yoi Files
Complaint in the Superior
Court Ajrainst Dr MeMahon
SbSbVB
Fame of a Great
State Industry
Is Maintained
ASKS $10,000 DAMAGES
San Jose Woman Begins Suit
Against Physician for
Alleged Breach of Promise
WINE MEN OF CALIFORNIA REFUTE
CALUMNIES OF DETRACTOR.
NOW REFUSES
TO MARRY HER
THE: SAN- FRANCISCO *,CALL^ FRIDAY.^NOyEMBER r i4, / 1904r
7
ADVERTISEMENTS
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
T63 Kind You Hare Alwajs Bough!
Bears tfca /H^ , Jjjfr-s-f?'
. Tha Ear Assaciation of Sao Francisco
Rkcomzvod for Rc-etectioa as StTPSUOR '
JTTDGES t^m" Present laeura beats
WHom Names Ar«
JA3CX3 at. 3EAWS1L
-• JAJCBS 3C. TXOU11 ' ¦
nuax t. accntASXT
\\ H. S. BRJDGE & CO., i
h TAXOHS, t>
X ,622 Market Street. X
X Up Stair*. Op*. Patacs rfouL «
g * SAN.rjuwasco. »¦
j> Novelties in- ta^ortad Waar |>,
*% I I H I #*A Amzmmitiec. Haatjav aa4
III IbI V - Portia? '>3c^s. Lar*<«
|_| I s\l stpcit. L.tw»«i pric*«. *»»!
Ill I3Sl I for MtataBue.
Wvlm^# b.vkbsti ro..
¦ T3» Market «. ami 321
Kearay St.
W. T; HESSk.
XfftarT Public »ad Atton«r-»t-I«»i-.
Temh Fleer. Hoom P'ti. «_'t*a» b!J j-.
Teleobune M.*ia S«3. . ,
Re^Uesce. ti«2 McAtUster m.
Residence Tetephon* Pas« 3<MI.
WeatMeri ,:aDd Women
SHOULD U5S DAMIAXA BrmraS. TH2
Gse«t Mrilran ¦ Remedy ; . &¦*¦?¦» ftaaitll »dct
FREE FREE . FREE
WITH /
sunday; call
c WANT ADS;.
- A Full-sized - Package of
ALLEN'S
BOSTON BROWN BREAD ;
FLOUR.
. Simple • to r .Frepare. - •
.~ Delicious ' in - Flavor.
--•-. A - New -England ' Breakfast.
Free With > Every; Small : Ad V
in SUNpAYiCALL.
See Small }'Ad ;Page . for • Farther .
; Particulars.
AD\~EKTISEMEXTS.
THE BOOT OF THE MATTER-
He Ctxred Himself of Serioos Stomach
. Trouble by Getting Down to
First Principles.
• a man of larse affairs in one of our
rrosusect Eastern cities, by too dose
attention to business, too little exercise
"and too ni*r:y club dinners, finally be-
gan to pay catcre's tax. levied in the
Jcrra cf. chronic stomach trouble; the
tailcre of his digestion brought about
a nervous irritability, making: it impos-
sible to apply Mm self to his daily busi-
ness and finally deranging the kidneys
and heart.
¦ In his own words he savs: "I con-
. «ulted one physician after another and
each one seemed to understand my
cas«. but all the same they each failed
to briny about the return of my former
di^estien, appetite and vigor. For two
•jrears I went from pillar to post, from
c-e sanitarium to another. I gave np
smoking. I quit coffee and even re-
nounced my daily glass or two of beer,
but without any marked improvement.,
• '"Friends had often advised me to. try
a well-known proprietary medicine,
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and I had
often perused the newspaper advertise-
ment* of the remedy, but never took
any stock tn advertised medicines nor
co~uid believe a fifty-cent patent medi-
cine would touch my case.
"To make a long story short I finally
b«rusht a couple cf packages at the
nearest drug store and took two or
three tablets after each meal and occa-
sionally a tablet between meals when I
felt any feeling of nausea or discom-
- - rt BPVHHnflBPfPVM
"I was rurprised at the end of the
.first week to note a marked improve-
ment In my appetite and general health
and before the two packages were gcae
• I was certain that Stuart's Dyspepeia
"Tablets was guinjr to cure completely
and they did not disappoint me. I can
eat and sleep and enjoy my coSee and
cigar and co oae would suppoee I had
ever known the horrcrs of dyspepsia.
**Otrt of friendly curiosity I wrote to
the proprietor* of the remedy asking
fur information as to what the tablets
. ccntained and they replied that ' the
. principal ingredients were aseptic pep-
sin fjrovernment test), malt diastase
' acd other natural digestives, which di-
cest food regardless ot the condition of
the ' rtcirach."*
The " root of the matter is this, the
digestive elements contained in. Stuart'a
Dyspepsia Tablets will digest th« food.
gtve.the overu-orW stomach a chance
to recuperate and the nerves and whole
system receive the nourishment which
can enly come from food; stimulants
and n#rve tonics never give real
strength; they give a fictitious strength
invariably foUc-wed by reaction. Every
drop of bJood, every nerve and tissue is
manufactured from our daily food and
if you can insure its prompt action and
cestpiete digestion by the regular* use
of so good and wholesome a remedy as
Stuarts Dysr«psia Tablets, you will
have ho need of nerve tonics and sanl-.
tariums.
Although Stuart's Dyspepsia . Tablets
have been in the market only ; a , few
years, yet probably every druggist in
the United States. Canada and Great
Britain now sells: them and considers
them the mu£t popular'and l suecessf o!
cf any preparation .for, stomach
trouble." '-- -. ¦•
Thoroughly instilled into every word cf our advertisements —
--IS \ M coupled to the GREATEST BONA-FIDE VALUES ever given
jp^gTigS *'| ; '' -by. any 'Male" Outfitting establishment in America — is the magnet
E*j'*j|ft'" 'f " *»^S^ Tthat his' drawn such a multitude of thrifty buyers to THE BIG
P'Sfy^l' r'-»^' STORE," and made it — v,-ithin a short period — one of the
Vf^m^^i^^^^^- ¦ MOST SUCCESSFUL business institutions in this State, and
V r J THAT SUCCESS with us means the increase of effort for BET-
' '^^^^§^^l^f TERNESS.and the elevation, whenever possible, of HIGH
'^^^SSm3 . STANDARD OF QUALITY. "_,
K R®|^g ; ' OUR -MEN'S CLOTHING STOCK consists of the finest
i ¦&?:* * "garments obtainable.^ The cloths, trimmings and workmanship are
••"¦-¦¦¦•i £ml0s unexcelled, and all our garments are constructed in a manner to
& iKKi equal those turned out by first-class MERCHANT TAILORS.
|§£ -xM^J, ¦ . In -fact,, the "only that exists is the prices.
i8 Ij^P/'-"' - SUITS AND OVERCOATS that your tailor will charge
i I fi "' y ° U tO $5 ° f0J * WC WiU DUPLICATE for S20 to $25 and
f£ : $&3 you can rest assured that ours will fit you equally as well or
~M0l better, than most tailors will make up to your ordsr.
I^^S^a; ' It will pay the hard-to-please man to call and try on some
liPl^liSiii^ of the richly constructed garmentsr we have in stock — to fit men
of all sizes and proportions to perfection. It will positively be a
" t^E. " pl easure r our salesmen to show you these artistically tailored
\UHfc garments .and quote you the LOWEST PRICES ever placed
Men's Fall and Winter Suits
MEN'S FAL.LTAXD WINTER SUITS— Made np ironr ' MEN'S FALL AND WINTER SXTT3 — Cut made and
•pare Worsted^Mottled Mlxed^ Cheviot,. Unshed; : gto^ln^ Sg^^gbS^SS't^^w^'.S
Worsteds,. neat-Cassimeres and Tweeds.^ Every garment, durability of color. Not an old style can be foca.i In the
well; tailored.: splendid have close-fitting ', collars." "line. All 'are handsomely tailored, beautifully trtemed.
broad.^ haiid-padded-shbuiaers, . and.:, are U,^ JL i*V%- . and. form -fittins. They come in resalar. _, ng*
worth 513.30 to $13.00. In fact, few stores :«Vf A f\f\ ;snm.stotit a=d extra sizes, and are Uie VlIT flfl
: -4n °thls city will duplicate them for less jUl/.UU ? beat- garments >ou ever saw for 120.00. J)lj.UV
than $13. Ourprice.. ...;.......... T*T. Oar price : ~r
...i ..--_-.' :- -¦ MEN'S SEill-DRESS SUITS— Constructed from fine
MEN'S FALL -AND ¦WINTER SUFTS — Made np from- .- imported and domestic materials. Not a new style,
celebrated -Wear-resisting Cloths in' dark gray and bruwu. . shape. wea>e>3r coloring is , missing-. Every garment
shades — which will' wear like Iron: also black Mized plainly shows the best work of hi»h art. tail crins. Sach
Worsteds^nobby Scotch? Cheviots and swell Cassfmeres. splendid suits would cost yon fully J55.0O made to meas-
The coats are made with shape retaining gf\ m a > r**\ ¦¦ nre — in fact, their counterparts are sold- ,-» - _, _,
fronts. • have hand-padded .collars and \1 1 Kil *>* ' tbe KEAR.VT-3T5EET high price iCl 'j Cfl
broad.; square shoclders. These garments 'v fl I trust for 5-5.09. but for cjuicic selling- <rar Jj X f n/y
are worth fully; 516.50. Oar price ...... »^ .-•----, price win be but .....'. \
Nfi* OnMTCf -Surely. If you .. J_i-i i\/inTH FDC ! "^Tio 'desire ti*
P AREMTS ! : g»w w^t a co <^^kT\ iVl u I n t Ko ! best a **
NEW STOCK of Boys'. Youths' and . Bg fegOSEi' A ' ,__ T , , - HU5T rAarf-
ChUdres'5 reliable Clothin? we have on W^T«^ A IO.NABLE CLOTHING for th*;r cr?ys
sale and were aware or the POSITIVE 4 >^ .?£S§r SI should not miss seeing our srand ali-
SAVINGS that you could efTect at our . V'. W *t. r *~- «. rr -. „# y.,..^,- pv, ..„-"„ i r^.,,
GREAT BIG NEW STORE. NO FATHER -Vj. Z&K && V . ° Youths'. Hois' and O.il-
OR MOTHER would pay other shop? /V'\ B3r&- ~ S su:t "- Nl?ver were "^^ *"<i »nd<
HIGHER PRICE3 for out-of-date ?ar- L_ A*S : -'^>* $j6«^ sold at the taU end of the season at sucb
.ments than we charce for the BEST and A Jt^W^Mmt- PALTRY PRICES a^ we r.ow r.^r.e for
most fashionable Boys Clothing obtai.-.- L^^^SLi^LtlS^s D • ,¦ r «
able. It WILL PAY YOU to come to our J^-^2-JFj*-r^s£K*~ > tbe B«.fci. GR-VDr. o: Boy<» aad Juvenile
preat Emporium and see -with your ovra /V^rf^^^^Lc^F^^? " Clotii=- — ri?ht at the f.oodtirfe of the
eyes the -hundreds of GIGANTIC BAR- !«^^ - -TP^^Z:^' b-isy sea.-oc. In a word, you can clothe
Waif that *!:. n ° W '° re \ ' tS^&C^ TWC i BOYS HERS about «. cheapljt,
S 1 S^K- 4 iffi&rfc£^S5!S . \ SrSfM the orA7 -^
v^aS^S^t^^^.QQ V^^ ¦ TOUNGME.VJ SUIT ? _A ? es 14 to 15
but to start them out on a J^LitOD ArJaL. years— Made of All- Wool Black Cheviots.
jump our price will b<? only / Every suit mad^ for this fall asct wta-
. LITTLE GENTS'. NOVELTY SUITS— / <~S» mad?*" Ht. "rive «l*ndid C/l CA
Made of handsome Blue Cardinal and * cJ& Sd^wtrS'ftSJ Su.jU
louses. Suits.^S«- «^S "S °^ V^' V
ble-Breasted Blouses and - Sailor Nor- / MF. YOUNG MEN'S SUITS— A^es 14 to 1»
folks all nicely and artistically trimmed / mr years, made up from All-Woot Worsteds.
with ' hand-embroidered emblems on • Fancy * Mtxtwres. Caevlot3 aad Thibets.
sleeves and shields. To fit children. 3 to a -j«_ AA | allcutin the height of fashjo^are nice- /y f,m^
years old. .These:pretty suits will cost you \C flfl I ly trimmed, form Cttinitand worth-fully \-| fl flfl
fully 53-00 at the high, pric^rs. Here only »flJ»VV 515.00. Our. price an eye-opener to thrifty X \Jm\J\J
f 'f$n- 1\1T A /"^O 1028-1030 MarKct Street
« J. \jllL/MJ SL/Jr% \j\J% and Mason.
1 • ADVEBTI.SKirFVrS.
M \inr~ Bright- r;; -^|n 'Ip^v
|Jtl •/ M vf Another inducement for you* to look over \^ H,'^\"<"' •
'^^>p / I x** THEBIGGESTFURNITUREHOU3E W^\^?
V&M&'lMi/ ON THE ? ACrFIC COAST" d«n?« fcisEx-. \#\*
¦"^r /' Ir'ljlr ' F* 0 * 00 SaW-'-V Sold at many, many t'mes less : offl|V.v :ff
,W /jj'yr than the rejuIaK retatl- price. • To-day ;^ and ¦ : "^\%^- C
ti WS "Saturday ,lf they last. ; \ ;L ¦••>¦ v ; - '{:- 'Nairn.
5 lis No mall, telephone, no." children's orders. ' \ji\\^kMary had a motor* car.
Propelled by. gasoline.
And everywhere that Mary went
' She rode In the" machine. " •
The motor struck a stone one
"day. .'
And from its course deflected-
Doctor says that Mary Is ". .
As well. as he expected.
—London Answers.
MARY UP-TO-DATE
; j Special information supplied dally to
business ¦ houses ' and public men ¦- by : th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1043. •
SURE!
. Ruyters ' like to get a
good plot for , my, story.
. Doeml Wright— Why don't* you ?go • to
the 'cemetery ? /.You'll ' find v plenty £ of
Dlots ' 1 1 1 1 p'^WHMBl'jWIif fflTi'il mrfiSu&fmmiflR
Earthq ua ke's } Duration.
. . ? The ¦' of : an Y earthquake is
brief. :'A <great > number of,recorded!ob
servations Tshowi ttiatt the i average dur
ation ; is < 45 ¦ 'seconds--' v '-PW^^^^^Bb
WISE BRIDGET.
- Mrs. j Justwed— Bridget, didn't I hear
you", kissing ',thaV;blg policeman, last
iiight?,'y'. I'i '-¦"¦¦ "V^'^*r^"- ? ' ¦• - : "' •"'
'>;* Bridget— I hope riot, mutr '-
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market »t.*
:The business in .children's tin sol
diers has Increased 50 per cent ¦ In the
lastMhree, months. War news caused
the Increase.
History repeats itself. The most an
cient human beings were cave-dwellers
and the moet modern are about to be
subway-dwellers.— New York World.
"There is always a bar at the mouth
cf the Mississippi River." remarks a
Southern contemporary- Nd wonder
it* mouth waters. — Chicago Tribune.
Indianapolis beer has taken a medal
at the World's Fair." And yet some
people presume to declare that we ex
cel in no art except.. literature!—In
dianapolis News. .
Dr. Hillis Fays fhe men who will
make themselves known forty years j
hence are now husking corn in •_ Ne- <
braska. Well,' perhaps by that* time that
other . Nebraska . farmer, /William Jen?
nings Bryan, will be -willing: to ; relin
quish .the center of the stage.— New
York Tribune. . , '
Admiral.' Stirling. 'commanding/ the
Asiatic squadron, says in a special re
port , to the 'Navy . Department that jhe
wants more ships* in .-theY Far -East.
Why * not ¦ wait Vuntil 'after - election V to
see whether he'll need them?— Boston
Globe.
SMHHHBXa — — — — , .
Having started , to I sea at ; 1 o'clock
Monday- morning, it ¦ is' about time •the
Russian Baltic fleet was 1 putting back
*V ' port agairi.~Detrdit , Free; Press. i u \
, Two^burglars in Julius Nathan's tail
oring. r store, on ' Perry street,", Cleveland,
atan'early hour,: the other day had .the
scareVof jt their/, lives. ; ' From f a. I line in
the - shop' 1 a, pair "of ; red High ts « flapped
back and forth In the' breeze and scared
the burglars so^ badly that they; jumped
through ;¦ a i" .window. A soubrette Vof
the ¦ Perry \ Theater, company ; had left
the silken things at his shop to be
cleaned.
ROUTED BY HER TIGHTS.
THE STATE PRISONS— Sub., City.
J. W. Tompklns. Warden at the Stan
Penitentiary aW San Quentln. advise*
this department that ¦ on October 1*
there were thirty female prisoners is
that institution. The visiting days "at
that Institution. are: The first Sundaj
of each month for "the friends and rel.
atlves of prisoners and Thursday oi
each week for the general public; thai
is for those who may desire to inspect
theVrison. Archibald YelL Warden ot
the penltenlary/ at Folsom (Represa
postofflce address), writes that there an
no female prisoners "at that institution
There are no regular visiting days
that is no days set aside exclusively fo»
that' purpose. : Visitors * are receive*
during business hours oh any day
They are usually admitted and takei
over, the premises in charge of an ofa
cer.J Women ; and children without ai
escort are not .permitted .^to. visit tn»
Japan; has its communities of silent
female recluses. There is a convent .'at
a place called Yuhakawa. about seven
miles j; -from v Hakodate. A; matron of
some * 50 years '. presides find c her- ; In
structions are. implicitly obeyed.; The
women are .all young, -ranging from , 16
to 27, r: and some of ; them are 'described
as very beautiful. The building stands
in \ a • farm ' of some - 250 i acres, but ': the"
women ; do ; not engage - in any agricul
tural .work. They : spend ' most of their
time indoors and they observe a^-strict
rule, of , silence. ' - ' ' • .V
JAP WOMEN KEEP SILENCE.
" She— Don't you believe. In the saying
"Seeing is believing." '
He— No, I've seen a great deal ; of
your.1 brother Ananias lately. *
AX EXCEPTION.
A Spinster's Reflections.
Some women are so -jealous that they
cry when their husbands embrace a
lamp post.-."
A man never wakes up his second
baby just to hear it laugh.
When you see a wqman in tears it's
a certainty that there's a man at the
bottom of it. »*-;
TERRY M'GOVERN — Subscriber,
City. According to the record. Terry
McGovern's first fight was with Franh
Barnes in Brooklyn. N. Y... April 17,
1S97, when he won in ten rounds.' - r -'
CONSUMPTION OF COAL—H. G
W.. Watson ville. Cat Ocean steamers
like "those known as the ocean grey*
hounds of the Atlantic fleet In* the or
dinary run consume from three hun«
dred and fifty to five hundred tons v of
coal in twenty-four hours. On one oc
casion, the Deutschland made a run oi
six hundred miles In that period 01
time . at a cost of eight ' hundred and
twenty-five tons of coat
The - Return' Invitation.
"Please, Mrs. Subbubs,:- mamma says
she'll be glad If you'll come to tea on
Monday."
"With pleasure, Bessie. Tell: your
mother, it's really tao kind—"
"Oh, no! Mamma says she'll be glad
when it's over."— London Punch..
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
PASSPORT^ TO RUSSIA.
RUSSIA has heretofore refused to recognize the right of Jews
to expatriate themselves. When a Russian Jew, naturalized
in the United States, returned to the empire with an American
passport, he found that his American citizenship was no protection
to him and his life and liberty were in peril. This was especially
hard on the Jews of .Poland, who, like all the Poles, are unwilling
subjects of the Czar. But their feelings in the matter were not con
sulted by that autocrat, and American citizenship was insulted by
him in denying its efficacy when bestowed upon self-expatriated
Tews. teJ^ T WittfiMH I
President Roosevelt and Secretary Hay have set about ending
this' religious discrimination among American citizens. It is tli2
most offensive of all discriminations. A member of the orthodox
Russian church, naturalized in this country, could safely return to
Russia protected by an, American- passport, while a Jew under-ths
same circumstances returned at his peril. At last the case of the
Jews has been put to the Czar in terms so positive as affecting the
national dignity of the United States by denial of the efficacy.of cit
izenship in this republic that the Czar has weakened and yielded.
When the present negotiation is ended a Russian Jew, panoplied
by American citizenship, protected by an American passport, can
visit his home and his people without risk or peril. -The dignity of
citizenship has been vindicated by President "Roosevelt, and now
there is no part of the earth where it is safe for a foreign power to
disrespect John Hay's passport and the great seal of the. United
States. It is a conspicuous triumph of American .diplomacy, ot
human' rights and of religious liberty. V~*V.^
They Spell Roosevelt.
There are nine Presidential candi
dates in the field. Their names areas
follows:
PaRker.
WatsOn.
< SwallOw. - .
HoLcomb.
—Chicago Tribune.
Theater in Iceland.
Perhaps the most curious theater in
the world is that at Reykjavik, the
capital of Iceland. The company con
sists of y twelve persons, who are all
amateurs, and 'the- theater is open only
on Sundays during the winter months.
The auditorium contains about 300 peo
ple and the favorite plays are those of
Ibsen and Bjornstm. But the Iceland
ers are now beginning to wake up to
the possibilities of the . dramatic art
and the Government has just voted a
subvention of 300 crowns , for ; the
theater. . while the. commune has sent
the leading lady c-f the" amateur troupe.
Madame Josephson, to Copenhagen to
study elocution. Consequently the Ice
landers are looking forward* this win
ter to a" greatly improved series of
representations.
An extraordinary mishap in con
nection with treatment by radium Is
reported to • have occurred at, one of
the London hospitals, says' the St.
James Oazette.
A man was attending the hospital
suffering from cancer in the tongue.
It was decided to try the effects of ra
dium, but instead of applying it ' in
closed in a tube." as is. usual, the doc
tor Is said to have dropped It on the
tongue.
The man could not bear the sensa
tion, and -swallowed the radium, which
is said to have been worth nearly
$250. Pain and ulceration followed,
but the man has now recovered. .
After wandering all over her body
for fourteen years a needle was taken
from the shoulder of Bertha Coler at
th« Pennsylvania Hospital, Philadel
phia. When she was five years old
she fell to the kitchen floor and the
needle entered her left ankle.
At intervals of two or three months
she felt pains as the needle was mak
ing its way through her body. Several
attempts ¦ to remove it were un
successful." .''-
CARRIES NEEDLE 14 YEARS.
SWALLOWED THE. RADIUM.
Mrs, IL'J. Stoutenburgh. wife of a
Des Moines coal operator, recently saw
"Babes in Tpyland" at a Chicago
theater. She became so convulsed
with laughter as to- bring on a para
lytic stroke.
She was removed from the theater
and taken to her hotel in a carriage.
Her condition has somewhat Jmproved.
•i '— — — '!•
LAUGHTER PARALYZES HER.
Mrs. R. H. Sawyer, who recently
returned from a* trip to the Pacific
Coast, tells an Interesting story of the
capture of a ' fur * seal *"on~ an Island
near Tacoma. Mrs. Sawyer brought
the sealskin home, .with' her and
prizes it very highly. In company
with another* lady she was riding in a
boat on the sound near an island. On
"nearing the island the .seal was seen
to climb out on the sand. The party
approached" and j found- that the seal
had just been shot and was dying.
The misery of the , seal was soon
ended, and the party carried away
the skin. The sealskin is quite small,
but is very valuable. — Anaconda
Standard.
The most unique campaign on rec
ord la being conducted' by O. A. Pig-
Kott, a Republican candidate for the
Wisconsin'state Senate. He Is not dis
pensing free drinks and cheap cigars.
On the contrary, he is giving away 10
ccnt clear Havanna cigars to the men
and* high-grade .candies among the
wives and sweethearts of the voters.
H<» says: - ; * .
"If you give' a man a cabbage leaf
rope to smoke Instead of a good cigar
he will remember to vote against you.
Give him a good cigar and get his
vote. Give the caps with
your name on the band and the women
candy and you'll. win, sure."
According to a medical journal, this
is an accurate definition of a "blush":
"A blush Is a temporary erythema
and caloric effulgence of the physiog
nomy, etiologized by perceptiveness of
the sensorium when in a predicament
of unequilibrity from' a sense " of
shame, anger, or other cause, eventu
ating in a , paresis of " the : vasomotor
filaments of the , facial .capillaries,
¦whereby, being divested of their elas
ticity, they are suffused, with a ra
diance emanating from an intimi
dated praecordia." "
STORY OF A SEALSKIN.
DEFINITION OF A BLUSH. »
SWEETS FOR VOTERS 'WIVES
Cashmere is back again with a great
er prestige than when it left. It has \
many qualities that adapt rt to the
present fashion— a highly finished sur-*
face, suppleness and a long range of
colors, says the New Tork Sun. All the
pew tones are, in fact, out in the old
weave— the American beauty shades,
the pretty greens, of which almond,
bronze and lichen are just now the most
popular; all the browns, including the
favorite mole and cinnamon; the blues,
with Paxsifal leading them, and the
purples, dahlia and- ''copper* shades.
With the old fabric again 'regnant it is
consistent that black velvet should re- j
turn to the front' for trimming, and It is [
here touching up silks, cloths and even ;
gauzes. For tbe bisque and pink and
ether r-ale tinted cashmeres no trim-!
rning is better suited than black velvet,
especially If a note of Persian embroid
ery is introduced and there is a gener
ous touch of lace. Especially "for after
noon gowns the revived texture lends
itself to attractive and economical cos
tumes. For simple home dresses many
cashmere skirts are being made to ac
company =ilk blouses that match them
in shade. And here is a new fancy for
cashmere skirts. When there is full- i
ness to be brought into the waistband, J
very flat, overlapping lingerie tucks are
employed to do the work of fitting and
shaping at belt and hips.
A pretty cashmere frock has a skirt
whose only decoration Is these tucks,
forming a yoke shape at the top. The
waist is dne of the draped surplice
bodices, with high silk girdle and flow
ing elbow sleeves. The unders of the
sleeves are composed of numerous puffs
ending' at the hands in narrow frills of
the silk and wide frills of lace. A nar
row puff of silk the shade of the cloth
outlines the self-colored lace yoke of the
bodice.
These narrow puffs, boulllonnees, as
the French dressmaker calls them, are
as much used now as- in the spring.
They trim skirts, bodices, evening coats
and wraps and even tbe wide brims of
big velvet hats. Another vogue to con
tinue is -the use of upstanding ruffles
and plaitings. These appear at the
head of nun's folds, other bands and
flounces.
In the gown of the blue chiffon broad
cloth the use of the puff is well illus
trated. An undulating shirred band
edged with velvet folds 'hems the
flounce of the skirt.' The bolero, tucked
at the shoulders, ends at the girdle in a
curlycue of. puffs.
The little jacket: next it also shows a
popular treatment, fancifully shaped
bands of the material stitched.
The half-length suit coat. is the lead
er among plain tailor-mades. But for
the woman of abbreviated stature there
are shorter shapes that are far more
becoming. The woman with hips too
large in proportion for her other dimen
sions will do well to avoid the tight
fitting basque; coat tliarends at the
hips or below them. It accentuates the
girth at that point. For such figures
there are half T fltting coats far and
away more becoming to those who have
lost their girlish .figures.
(Whils The Call has editorially fxprws^d
ittelf a* opposed to tbe constitution*] waead-
Kmt ttfemd to. Is i spirit of f airaea* it
publishes the followia* ccrninur.lcaiicn. )
¦ Editor Call: Having* read In your
issue of "November 2 your unfavorable
comment on the proposed constitution
al amendment to exempt from taxation
the -California Academy of Sciences, 1
desire to s'ubmit to you the following
statement:
The California Academy of Sciences
is an Institution quite as deserving of
exemption from taxation as are Stan
ford University and the ebcrches. in
stitutions already exempted/^ The lib
erality of our State in respect to edu
cation, which has characterized it from
the very beginning. Is one .' of :tfc«s" chief
glories of' California. " No ¦* Calif ornian
can be opposed to the free offer, of an
education to every child in the State.
The work of the academy is exclu
sively educational, and is as exclusive
ly for public as contradistinguished
from private purposes as is the work
of the public schools, while at the
same time the academy did not cost
the public a dollar, nor is it receiving
or asking for any public support,, as
are the public schools.
It is founded chiefly on the j philan
thropic benefactions of James Lick.
and is, and has been from its, start, de
voting every dollar of its income to
public educational purposes, such as
maintaining excellent and constantly
growing scientific collections always
open and free to> every man, woman
and child that desires to examine ' or
study them; also in printing, publish
ing and distributing throughout the en
tire civilized world the labors of scien
tific men from all parts of the State.
and in sending out. as far as its means
win admit, exploring expeditions for
the purpose of adding' to our knowl
edge and keeping pace with advancing
civilization. ',
To carry on this work, much " of
which is done by public spirited citi
zens gratuitously, requires money. Just
as the public schools require money.
But the difference is that the academy
is asking no public aid in the same
sense as are the public schools. All it
asks Is that it may be allowed to us«
all its income for the. purpose of ex
tending its public usefulness.
THEODORE H. HITTELL.
For the Academy.
San Francisco, Nov. •.
A PLEA FOR THE ACADEMY.
CASHMERE BACK AGAIN.
OUR INTERESTS IN CONGRESS.
p>|RACTICAL efficiency is the test of a Congressman's fitness.
r-V San Francisco needs that sort of ' efficiency in the House.
* Without it she lags behind her rivals on the coast, and
marches in the rear of the procession of American cities. No one
need to be told that this city was de'prived of efficient representation
in the last session of the House.. Messrs. Livernash and. Wynn did
not prove themselves capable in practical legislation. If we got
any benefit out of the session it was bestowed by others and not by
them. The Representatives of other districts in the* State "had their
hands full in caring for their own constituents. It is a fact that they
were appealed to to do something for San Francisco, but their in
itiative would have required explanation involving the condemnation
of our two members.
The error, in failing to have a proper representation, was the
act of the voters of this city, and it is theirs to correct. Even the
special class of which our two members esteemed themselves the
j-gents and representatives gained nothing by them, and will gain
nothing if they are re-elected. A member of Congress must -have
equipment beyond a bulging desire for social reforms. Society as it
is was made by the friction and conflict of ages. No human society
has ever been perfect. The attempts at perfection made in Socialist
communities have always failed to effect their purpose. How idle is
it then to elect men to Congress in the expectation that they will per
fect a social structure that is not corrigible by the efforts of re
formers in a restricted and exclusive community, supposed to be at
one in its plans for reformation.
A great commercial center like San Francisco cannot afford to
dissipate its opportunity and divert its energies by electing its sole
Representatives for the purpose of social experiment, or to carry into
law the greeds and grudges, the avarice and spites, that are insepara
ble from the programme of social reformers, who expect to correct in
a day, by statute, a society that is the natural 'result of ages. Ye:
this is what we are asked to do by re-electing Messrs. Livernash and
Wynn. If those gentlemen are to be judged by their own declara
tions, their mission is agitation of social reforms by academic dis
cussion, for which the House of Representatives is not the proper
field. They have sat in one session of Congress and brought nothing
home of value or consequence to their constituents. Having been
tested and found wanting in practical legislative ability, their service
should be terminated and others of known merit and usefulness sent
in their places. '
. Compared with their opponents they disappear as fit instruments
of the purposes and needs of a great city. They are not men of
affairs. Their fortunes are not a part of the active enterprise of the
community. They are, in experience, strangers to the great energies
that move the community forward.- They are in the field of theory
and dreams, not that of activity and accomplishment. Mr. E. A.
Hayes, the Republican* nominee against Mr. Wynn, has embarked
his material interests with those of his fellow citizens. He is a
practical fruit-grower, an active owner of business property. If bad
legislation touch his neighbors, it touches him. If good legislation
and needed Government attention be given to practical business that
benefits him, its benefit to his constituents is equal. He is a good
citizen, an upright and able man. He impresses his associates and
has the interest in all men that attracts sympathy and friendship.
In Mr. Wynn's interest a campaign of abuse and misrepresentation^
has been waged against him b>; Mr. Hearst. It has been malicious,
false and outrageous, and its purpose is to deprive the Fifth District
and this city of a Representative who will do the things San Fran
cisco requires in order to continue in the House a Representative
who has done nothing "and will do nothing.
The people of the district will greatly dignify themselves by
vindicating Mr. Hayes against the reckless slanders and "mud
slinging that have been used against him. If they permit Mr. Hearst
to smut out of public life a man like Mr. Hayes, let us hear "no more
about the duty of decent men in politics.
Mr. Kahn needs no introduction to San Francisco. His oppo
nent. Mr. Livernash, has descended to personal slurs against him,
but the people have their records for comparison. Mr. Kahn servejtl
his constituency two tcrYns in the House, and while he represented
the district no interest of San Francisco lacked attention and no ap
peal went unanswered. He was a popular member, to whom the
House listened, and whose efforts, for his own people rallied help
from both parties. He did not wrap himself, in a mantle of exclu
siveness and self-sufficiency. He was responsive, friendly and ap
proachable, and above all had an intimate personal knowledge of the
needs of San Francisco and California. A. man of affairs himself, he
considered it his duty to make a personal study and investigation of
great national matters, and used his leisure in gaining. information
that enriched his equipment as a national legislator. He was able to
meet on equal .terms the ablest men in the House of either party and
was in all respects a model Representative. Where Mr. Livernash
has reveries, Mr. Kahn has action. While Mr. Livernash dreams of
a social Utopia, Mr. Kahn does tbe duty of to-day in behalf of the
social structure that is.
We cannot believe that the people of this city will any longer
chase phantoms and imagine voices, but we have faith that they will
elect Mr. Kahn and Mr. Hayes and secure the practical working rep
resentation which San Francisco needs.
Miss Carmen Selby Is a bud who was
introduced yesterday by her aunt. Mrs.
Edward L. Ayer. A tea was the motif
of the occasion and a pleasant, merry
time there was in greeting the fair
young debutante. ;
Mrs. L. L. Baker and Philip Baker
have returned, from the -St. Louis Ex
position.
Miss Evelyn Craig, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. 1 Hugh Craig of Piedmont,
and William Pattlanijwill be married
on Tuesday evening. - November 15.
The ceremony, will be only for friends,
though 'a "large ; reception" will follow.
Miss Isabel Kendall and Miss Hopps
were jjuests yesterday at a card party
given them by Miss Noelle de Golia in
Oakland. Miss Kendall will be mar
ried next week and Mis* Hopps is visit
ing here from the East. ¦
The marriage of 31iss Susan Patton
and Dr. Le Moyne Wills of Los An
geles will take place in this city on No
vember 23. Miss Patton, who is a
sister of Mrs. Hancock Banning, ex
pects a large number of Los Angeles
friends to attend the ceremony, which
will be performed in Grace Church-
Mrs. A. W. Bacon and her daughter.
Miss Aliqe Bacon, who is soon to marry
Tom Driseoll, have been 'spending
much time lately at Mare Island. Great
attention has been paid them and just
new, particularly, Mi.«s Bacon has
been besieged with honors. One of the
enjoyable affairs was a card party a.
few days ago given by Mrs. B. F.
Tilley. Seven-handed euchre was the
game and the afternoon was a very
delightful one.
Mrs. John' D. Spreckels and Mi«s
Lily Spreckels have arrived " in New
York after a tour abroad. They' will
be in California in a short time.
Miss Mabel Watkins and Mis3 Etelka
Wllliar will leave for the Philippines
about December L
Mrs. Charles Peabody Huff (nee
Kleinberg) has left . for Bremerton
Navy -Tard. where her husband. En
sign Huff, is stationed on the U. 8. S.
Wyoming. Mrs. Huff win remain
north until the Wyoming returns to
this city
• • •
Mrs. A. S. Langstrotb and her son.
Ivan Langstroth,- have taken apart
ments at the Westminster, where they
willbe located' about November 15.
The debutantes will receive hospita
ble attention next "week from Mrs.
Louis Monteagle, who Is preparing to
make all these merry maids happy at
a luncheon.
Mrs. Grayson Dutton will b« hostess
a» a large reception at the 'St. Francis
Dr. and Mrs. Shiels and Major Sh!e!s
will be the guests at a dinner given by
Dr. William A. Martin at ih* Palace
Hotel on Saturday. .
Mrs. Frank Whitney and George
Whitney have taken apartment* ar the
Fleasanton. They have Just returned
from a tour of the world.
Judge and Mrs. Erskine M. Ross
will leave in a few days for , their
home In Los Angeles. They have
been spending the last six weeks in
San Francisco.'
• • •
Mr, and Mrs. Albert Gallatln. with
their daughter. Miss Lita Gallatin,
have arrived in New York from & Eu
ropean trip. Their stay East iA in
definite, tbongrh the probabilities are
that the near future will see them
homeward bound. Miss Gallatln re
turns with a Parisian trousseau, for
her marriage with Mr. Hall is one of
the near and eagerly expected eventa.
. A bridge club that has a congenial
membership was entertained llr» first
Of the week by Mrs. William Sme<3
bergr. Those -who parsed the after
noon with this favorite game wera
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins, Mrs. Pond,
Mrs. George Moore, Mrs. OtJf, M:a.
Russell Wilson, Mrs. William P. Mor
gan. Mrs. McAllister, Mrs. Will'am
Thomas-
BY SALLY SHfIRP-
THE SMART SET
HE, TOO, FIRED ON THE WONG FLEET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
JOHN P. EPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS A1X. COM3JUXICATION3 TO -
JOII>* McXACGHT ? • • • « -g«. • • M»°»gg
PCBUCATIOX OTTICE .THIRD MAHKET STRKET3. SAX FRANCISCO
FRIDAY .NOVEMBER 4. 1904
THE SAN- ? FRANCISCO;* GALL ;.i FRIDAY.;: NOVEMBERB^I904.
8' The splendid bazaar at Trinity
Presbyterian Church, Twenty-third
and Cap p streets, win be brought to a
close with a grand entertainment to
night. The ladies superintending the
booths have .been exceedingly busy
and have disposed cf many handsome
articles. One of the attractions, the
Dutch : Inn, , has j -done a flourishing
business - and the young and pretty
maidens . attending in Dutch costume
have- been ' the < center of admiration.
The country '-store has also done a
thriving business. - The bazaar- will
be open all thl3 afternoon as well as
evening. >
Bazaar to CIo*e To- Night.
Dr. Brennan wa» first arrested on a
complaint ewern to before Police Judge
Fritz on February 1. charging him
with f eleny embezxlemect alleged to
have been committed on December 4,
ISO. He was held to answer on that
charge on June 2. An application for
a writ of habeas corpus for >«?? relea3<:
wa» made before Judge Cook and en
June 17 the writ was granted *n«j the
prisoner released en the grotmd that
the oSense, if any. ehocld have been
grand larceny. ¦ The complaint charg
ing him with grand larceny was not
sworn to tCl August 21 and the date of
the alleged crime was changed. to Sep
tember 21. 1SC1. The ease was trans
ferred to JxidgK Conlan's court. Attor
ney M. C. Haasett has been specially
representing the prosecution during all
of the proceedings.
CHARGED- WITH ' BCRGLART.— £&var<i
T. Wbeatter wa» boeketf at th» • City Prtaoo.
TMtrrtay i by Detectnre* Regas asd (XCosnaQ
ea a c&am, ci tertiary. . ¦ He U "— vn*4 of
bre&kizar tsto- the recma of Kra. Eliza K*Is
padx. •akwc-k«*»er. 24» - £t«r«ssac street, oo
Octeber - * and vtealiar J33/X. "- : H* r vu ar
rtst*4 fr« <lay* Xsttraad fca* beeB-'deCaiatd
to on August 12. the defendant was
held to answer by Police Judge Conlan
on October 12, and the information was
filed on October 23, one month "M four
day* after the time had elapsed. It is
no fault of the District "Attorney*! of
fice, as. the time had eiapaed before
the defendant was held to answer.
Judge Lawior has continaed the case
mi November 7 for argument on the
demurrer, but it is acknowledged that
the point is wen taken. It will prob
ably be made a feature in the argu
ment en an application for a writ of
habeas corpus for Dr. Brennan's re
lease to take place before Judge Cook
to-day.
From developments yesterday It
looks as if Dr. Themas F. Brennan will
escape trial on * charge of grand lar
ceny through some one's blunder.
\Tten the case was called before Judgj
Lawior, defendant's attorney, W.' M.
Cannon, interposed a demurrer to the
information on various grounds, bet
particularly on the ground that "the
information and any prosecution
thereon is barred because It appears
upon the face of said information that
the alleged offense was committed
more than three years prior to the fil
ing of said information." '
Secticn SCO of the Penal Code reads:
"An indictment for any other felony
than murder or embezzlement of public
money or the falsification of public rec
ords must, be found or an information
filed within three years after its com
mission."
In the complaint charging Dr. Bren
nan with grand larceny the offense
was alleged to have been committed on
September 21. 1501. He was accused of
the larceny of 337,524 from Rev. Father
P. J. Grey. The complaint wa» sworn
Sue on Old .Mortrxze.
A suit for J 50,140 damages and a
decree of court declaring an old mort
gage valueless and its maker, William
C Jones, insolvent, was filed In the Su
perior Court yesterday by Samuel
Shear, as administrator of the estate
of Dolores L. Green, in an action
against Thomas P. H. Whitelaw. It
Is alleged that Jones In 1884 gave a
mortgage for $59,000 to A. A. Green,
secured by the Rancho San Rafael de
la Zanja. lying partly in Southern Arf
xona and partly in the State of Sonora.
Mexico. This mortgage, it Is said, was
assigned to Whitelaw, who agreed to
foreclose it and pay J 10.000 for a third
interest in the land which might after
ward be secured. He did not fore
close and 's sued, for the principal aad
interest.
CATALOGUES aad CAR CARDS.— Gatrte*
PrU^inr Ox prtst asyt*rtTg- *i* Sacr»a«cta. •
FETROVTTCH GETS TUTLVE TEARS.—
Feirrj P«rorttctu ccsTtctei of aa aamaslt xa
• t-t rotberr br * *zrr i= Jadxe L»-*:of«
cacrt. w*s «e=se=c«!j r««ieriwr t> senre *»*!?«
.y»irf ta Fclaco pesitrstiiry- He fe=M up
RiJ>ia«pfe Kl«I»<rs. a «ailsr. ea tie Sirtarr
'plazei watsh fr-3s= tin. Ke ¦•*« <ri*d fcr
' ritbtry t«t ecrrjse! ca tS« leaser eitMrt*.
BRENNAN MAY
ESCAPE TRIAL
WANTS DAMAGES FOR DOG ETTE.—Ir
wbt E. L. Kftsfsaa reaterday seed Je&a Vo»
Ltrisgstaa. {or iXZ 3d. fer <atu]t« reaclt!-^
trcsr i*rtr r b«ea t ir:«= ty m. vtdoos doc bc-
The story of George Ade's comedy
drama, "The County Chairman,** which
Henry W. Savage offers at tie Colum
bia Theater for two weeks beginning
Monday. November 7, Is not at all in
volved. Jim Haekler rules the political
machine In his county and nominates
for State's Attorney young THIford
Wheeler, ~ his law partner. TiUford Is
engaged to be married to Lucy Rigby,
the daughter of old Judge Rigby.'who
is the life-long enemy cf Haekler.
When the Judge hears that THlford ia
going to make the rafe against him he
refuses to permit Lucy to meet the
young lawyer again. Of course, they
do meet, and eventually marry. Hack
ler*s enmity against Judge Rigby is
due to the fact that during the Civil
War days Rigby by lies and deceit won
from him the only woman he ever,
loved. He gets even with Rigby this
timet for his candidate, young Wheeler,
beats the Judge-for the offlce of State's
Attorney In addition to marrying Lucy.
There are more than a hundred people
on the' stage during the performance of
"The County Chairman." ":¦--' •
The new - management of Fischer's
Theater, which is to reopen the house
wlfh vaudeville at popular prices on
Monday evening, has secured among
other head-liners the Klns-Ners, who
come direct from Paris and have thus
far appeared tn Xew York City only.
They are known to the world for their
marvelous strength as equilibrists, and
it is said to be the only European act
of its kind that has ever been produced
on the vaudeville stage. The man Uft3
and balances on hii chin a road cart
weighing 2S0 pounds. He also climbs up
fourteen tables balancing six glasses on
his forehead. Another feat is the bal
ancing cf a 750-pound t>fano on his
chin, a feat almost inconceivable, bet
which he win accomplish at each per
formance. These are but a few of the
acts that both Mr. and Mrs. KIns-Ner
perform. When It is understood that
Mr. KIns-Ner does not weigh to exceed
123 pound3 and is net more than five
f efet : six . inches in height his sensa
tional and dangerous feats seem almost
beyond comprehenakm. The woman, it
is said, performs all these feats, and
more. Ail-:--*? ""'•-»i-.*?S!3l£
IFAXOC3 STROXG WOMAJC -WHO |
WIXX. APPEAR AT FISCHER'S I
THEATER NEXT WEES.. |
Mrs. Selby's evidence, particularly
under h^z husband's cross-exam
ination, waa interesting, and show
ed her to be highly intellectual
and original In several
sages she had decidedly the best of
her questioner. Referring to her hus
band"** verbal abuse of Christian men
nnd women in England, America and
Australia, she said: "If. you have
found three nations of baptized brutea
it Ls because you have looked at them
with your own eyes." Again, when
Selby had asked her to send their chil
dren to the, Unitarian church, she an
swered him: "We don't propose to fol
low your rreanderings. You taught u*
in the Christian church for ten years;
now you have changed to the Unitar
ian, and probably In a few weeks you
will want to expound to the children
tne Darwinian hypothesis.'*
Questioning her upon the promised
that had teen made f> him in Austra-
U*. of a future in this country, Selby
-aid that a world-touring missionary
had called on them tnd told him that
he fSelby) would receive a warm wel
come in America. "Oh, I considered It
simply a conventional courtesy." said
Mrs. Selby. "The other day Mayor
Schmitx told a distins-uished Spanish
visitor that e-v<try house tn the city
was open to him. The Spaniard did
ncj call on ot' Thia sally raised a
laugh. In which the court Joined, arid
Mrs. Selby continued: **If the gentle
man was making a promise for the en
tire Christian community of America
he could not deliver the goods.**
Reviewing their home affairs. Mrs.
Selby said that aha had contributed
nore ffran her husband to the- domestic
exchequer, and declared that .once,
¦chen they gate up their rooms, she
had to give the landlady a velvet dress
for the rent. When they went to liv-i
m a basement on H&ight street, she
said, she gave several dresses as se
cirity for the rent. In that place, she
said, they were In abject need.
When Selby was lecturing in Cin
cinnati, she continued, he accused her
pt intending to poison him when he
found a saucer full of powder used to
polish silver. .At the same place he
declined to attend a banquet of clergy
and church members because he feared
a plot to assassinate him, and told bis
wife if there was such a plot she was
at the bottom cf it- Selby denied this.
-¦—-•¦
Tht trial of the case of Isaac Selby,
the Australian preacher,, against Don
ald itcliae for 525,000 for the aliena
tion of Mrs. Selbys affections, ¦' wsi^
concluded yesterday -(afternoon in
Judge Sloss* , court and taken under
submission. Svlby made the opening
and closing arguments. He "safd that
be was not actuated by«. desire 'for
money, but was in pursuit of his wife
and children. Attorney Pinto, for Me-
Rae, chaxged Selby with falsehood and
wickedness and otherwise belittled hira
and his suit. Ke said Mrs. Selby's af
fections could not have been alien
ated, because she had no love for her
husband. > 3 --
Both Mr. ITcRae and 3tT9^ Selby de
nied in positive terms that their rela
tions had oeen otherwise than of a
purely business nature in connection
with the furnishing and ' sale of lodg
in.g-houses.
Me Rae admitted that he had said
Selby was "crazy," and Mrs. Selby
declared that she thought it kinder to
suppose that her husband, from
whom she obtained a divorce. last
year, was weak - mentally than
capable of j intentional wickedness.
Mrs. McRae testified that there
had been nothing in. the relations of
McRae and Mrs. Selby to arouse the
slightest suspicion. Selby's children.
Vivian and G rattan, told of their fath
er's actions before and after the
estrangement.
" Suits for divorce were filed by Charlea
W. Phillips against Bertha Phillips,
desertion; Sadie. A. McCoy against
Jamas H. McCoy." desertion; Anton
Bowman against Lily M. Bowman, de
sertion; Joseph L» Cros3en against Jes
sie Crossen. desertion; Frances Laver
against Narcisco Laver. desertion; Ada
GinHan against John D. GLIUIac. neglect
and desertion; Gustave R- Lercnd
against Lerond. for an an
nulment^of their marriage, which oc
curred July &, 1301. Lerond alleges that
his wife deceived hi™ as to her charac
ter. ?-j..^-;z.i.;:i
Mary T. Edwards, whose name &gnr*&
In a. sensational episode last April with
Uiat of Dornerdco Rnsao.tlte* former Tir
oll tenor, yesterday obtained a divorce
from her hesband. Laxizi M. Hdwords.
It was granted by Jcdge Lennon, sit
ting tn Jcd^e Kerrigan's department.
Sirs. Edwards" charge of extreme cni
elty was ba^ed upon her hcsb&sd r s ac
tions in the Rt^so aSair tn Maria
Cotxnty.' Sfce said that at Fairfax on
April -3 the irate spouse accosed her
of living with the eicsrer. and drawing
a loaded revolver threatened to take
her life. On the same day.' at San An
selmo, when she waj about to board
the train with her 3- year-old child. Ed
wards appeared with two strange men
and snatching the baby froxn her arms
boarded the train and left her en. the
platform. She >»»-» not seen fr*rn or the
child since. The court awarded the cos
tody of the babe to the mother.
A divorce and the ci^tody . of two
minor sons were awarded by Jud^e
Lennon" to Arthur A- Tllston. chief
steward of the steamship Doric He ac
cused his wife, Elizabeth,. of infidelity
with unknown men at their home, 7S2
Geary street, on August 22 and 23 last.
In his evidence the husband said that
his wife had be«n drunk for five hours
and did not deny his accusations.
Other divorces were granted by Jud??
Hebbard to Frances L. McGrogan from
William McGrogan, desertion; to Rose
L. Ramsden from George Ramsden,
cruelty; to Annie Stenck from Fred
Stenck. annulment; to John Anderson
from Johanna M. Anderson, cruelty;
by Judge Graham to William J. Mur
phy from Maggie F. Murphy, desertion;
by Judge- Lennon to Groachine S. Wan
reH from Eliza IX .WanreiL desertion;
to Ray Gossner from "William F. Goas
ner, neglect; by Judge SIos3 to Susie
Doherty from James ' Doherty, deser
tion.
Australian Preachers Suit
Against Donald 3IcEae for i
?25,000 Is Submitted!
Wife of Arthur Tilston Is
Indiscreet While He Is
Absent — Other Decrees
SHIP'STETTAED IS FEEE
FA3LTLY OFTEX IX WANT
Mrs. Ed^nrds Gets a Divorce
Because Husband Accused
Her of Affair With Kusso
Mrs. Isaac Selby Says Herf
Former Husband Was Xot i
a Satisfactory Prbvicler j
PAYS HER RENT
WITH DRESSES
FISCHER'S TO HAVE
A STARTLING ACT
AT OPENING SHOW
SINGER'S NAME
HEARD AGAIN
THE SAX; FRAXGISGO GALL) FRIDAY- >COVE^IBER 4, 4904.
9
— CALIFORNIA—^
wi m y ft 1 *; t'H j'. CSOCT29 OQCCG.
HAVERLY'S
MINSTRELS
— Ti* 1 ¦¦¦ 1 if 1 of Suui'j»."
Asd a Em: «S Otter Bit ITii— .
Xext'Scsday T*-* BI< Ps»>
taral Oaeaady g>n i.«aa.
~S7trK2Tr CLOVaLH."
- ;" lTUi O713 B. TBAT33.
Ttrrt Tt=« H«r» ATtar Itr* Taars «C
i •g*~^-"-^» Zutara Saec«— .
COLUMBIANS
TICS V> 'F. 'SI O 3TLT— —
NTjitir, TTt***+t *Tr7f*iT Vi**-rra SanrUy.
Glittering Gloria
BestS3£zc ** j*'- 1- i* HOXDAT ICGHT,
&scr5* Adc's Qsalat Ctesad7 DrtTra. ..
T& COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
g?*AT «A2X_3C<rW OS.
l™jlw««
Ptmtet t= Sas l^madaoa «C tba
crtat I^rnrfci aad X-r» Tort iwmOu-
al ¦¦*!¦»»¦¦« £3 tn »^y^_ »'i'IIT-nl*
THE I^Tp^^^^"
TVIESSENCER
BT THZ AL"1'UOB3 OT TBZ TOBSATJOB.
WITH AN CX3XTA£2Z> CAST.
SaaS» Xav 9«2Sa»— CaoaZ Ttvoa PtSsak
33o BOo T3c — Csty Vir' m SattcvtajL .
A S;!-:sJii Sin Enxj Iftjnasa ud
TAKE A ETOr OX TH2
MzarzATTras . rz^crxzc -aiTT.xoio.
5STX2* KABT UOX3 EC THE ZtXX
IX3PECT CABARET DE U XOBT. •
Bear t&* PsfcoaxaSc ix=5fecay rti "niiii>ih.
SXECTEIC FCCSTAnt 3JLTUR3tAT XJCHT.
L05£ 6BT FOi THE JOaiSTUWl a003
Axnassiox iet I chxlsbst.;..... je
jF^as rsrttfnf Aaz £s "T-* CVsHa." '
<^ 7 A\fT~ST"Wi-:-Vrs»
Effulgent Vaudeville!
p«ay; tie ICsscs Pe^siosa; KaTTry aai j
XMhu sad OTp&rss XstSca PtcSsraa. ;
SiOTrijia- "Tit Wllsrw ul 'Ola Os27
»«¦." i*Tt Ttaua of t^a P«te^£&r
*Bxct2i«rs; T&rac D-sacsii; Ss222Tsa
vxd P*jjti*:s=a; Barrvr Co=e<i7 Cos-
PS27 *=i Owlcr aad Tla-tTafl
Bcpsiar Matiaee* Ewery Weda— day. Tiar»-
diy SatsrlAy asd Scsday. I*tlcaj IScy S3e
aad SOc ¦¦ £ .^ : • ; . " ''•
Cbtssese£ar Ssatay Xxttacc.
JOHX T. y-sr.T.T & COMPAXT
A=d ti« .
12 NATAJO Gr?_Lc.
GRAND SSSgg
"Trttty Ftfjj' PImm liiaaaa.*— BUstd*
JCATI>-ESS TO-XOSBCWT AXI> SCNU4.T
This Week andNext
I 1 1 1 r* ia rnam Ayaar
I A ML XaS^aWa Fleta*.
JMllL «r»pur. -
CORCORAN PRETTY
UBSTToasai PEGGY
Aad as Sx=*East " Jl"
r^ii-j-iMny FOPTT— A_J\ PHIC22.
H. VT. BISHOP Xjeaae*~aad 3Cxsa««r
TO-NIGHT AXI> THI3 WBXK-
OSnr 3£acoaea OSes Howard Genii cad J.
H. CCmocr aai ti* 3f ajnttr Tbeatcr Oast-
?asy ta .
HAMLET
Ee texr "BOX. reacit SocOl. bet h» vf3 k« i«-
yotitl Barrets. — Jlr. P«o»r Rot«rt3ca fcr Cbrcet-
sla. ¦ ref«nt3C t» H:. OlTrwir'i Easttes.
25 and Sic I ro^c«^r. 1 25 aid 51c
6XJJTO KO?OUO .
- as oxd at znamro, sotztjokcx t.
7 H3GSC-CXJ1SS Taimxifim.
lOe.aad 28e — N*» EUiff. A.*t«nioocj at :je ;
vnsiBO'U 7J0 and #. Greatest ' Ta3de*t£«
Acts 12 A=wia. X«* Mwtj Ptctsrta. S;*-
aiiZy Isisarccd troa Esxes*
APVEKTI£FMT«-Vrs.
fc HOLIDAYp
\ .GOODS
We are receivers da2y
new cad attractive arti-
cle* ssztsMe for bo&day
PRICES WHICH j
SHOULD INSURE
PERMANENT
PATRONAGE. }
. Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers aad I
" / S2verszs£hs I
hjj 1C4-1I0 Ceary Street y\
FRENCH SAYINGS BANK
2U Kcatgcniau »Ua«t.
-C^itl! ;i:i c? % EOO.OSO
¦ih-Uzii paid ta U;x\\m . 1,6:5,225
• • CHAS. CAJOTT. Pr«st£cst.
. • • A2TEIK LgSArX.gr. Tlea-Pnatdcst.
-.* X-EOH BO?QL'JERAX. »«T«tarr.
* . . SOS£X CISTTT. Aaac tm » '.atT-
s rarer oes:
'Or. E. ArZfsam. CtaM. Ox.— 7. L«ea g«rr<r~ f^_
.O. Bcr.a t 3. B- Oct. A. Roea. •
l*ac. Boecserax. J. 1C Dcsaa. A. LeraHcC
3. A. B«rx»r?t. J. S. Gc£eaa. J. J. Mack.
Trfrtit r«_ 1 c- d»pealta. *-^«t go£i ca
R«al gatat* asd aygrortd —eartaca,
Dqlorp D0.VT FAIL TO
j COURT Locariaj
uuu parlor, tt*
gr^^A PALM ROOM, thm
lirSflU LOUIS XV PAR.
H A 4*1* DIES * WEmNQ
Hotels rqom.
MAUVA1S MUSIC 'CO.
S33 MARITT ST^.OPP. MASOM.
BUaA 1 w C*U!»Xnes «f Mask.
Ksanj and Sattsr Streets,
Store Opens 8:30 A, H, Closas 5:30 P. M.
12.00 Leather Hand Bags
For Friday Only at $1 .00
(First Floor Sorter St->
This Friday Sale of Bags Is uarrecedented. We secured
them from a leading manufacturer at a liberal price concession,
and, as usual, the public benefits thereby. They are size
ten inches, made of the new Moutoa leather, in black, browrv
and tan, with braided leather handles — pockets inside con-
tain coin purse and card case. $2.00 would be a
reasonable price for these handsome bags. Sale Ci A A
prke, while quantity lasts -. V I • v U
Ladies' Excellent Hosiery
As Low as 20c a Pair
(First Floor Xeara? SO
Just think of getting good, serviceable Hosiery at twenty
cents a pair. An immense iot of Ladies' Black Cctton Hose
was offered ta us at such a_ figure, that we could not resist.
They are fine quality, absolutely fast dye, with double soles,
heeb and, toes — all sizes. Best offering of the
season, per pair - -I-..
Silk Comforters
CSecosd Floor Sottsr 5t.)
Particularattentioo is directed to our handsome assortment
of High-Grade Silk Comforters. We are showing many
exclusive styles in rich designs, and orier special for Friday :
Down Filfed, ladia SiEc Covered Ccafcrtsrs, with fancy silk centers,
in whits ground, with colored fioral d:s:;r.5. p&ta silk c t , ft A
border, edged with silk cor d T large siz; for dccblg bed ... $ 11 . UU
CLOSING OUT OF OUR
Art Ware Department
Thousands of beautiful art pieces in Imported Bronzes,
Pottery and Glassware are now being offered for immediate
clearance at
J£ OFF REGULAR PRICES
Every piece would be reasonable at its original price, and for
holiday gifts or for personal use you will find it to your ad-
vantage to see these goods.
Sale of Black Silk
And Black Dress Goods
i^i r'i (First Floor Xearsy~S*->
BLACK CHEVIOT — A spedal [ BLACK TAFFETA— several hsa-
bt of 2II wool Cheviot, 56 inches | dred yards 19-1201 desestic Black
wid=; heavy, fastrccs quality; 7J - t Taf eta Silk, cade ta sell at * -
real vale* f i-io per yard, at C j» \ 65c a yard, special at 43C
Friday's Exceptional Offer in
Stylish Veils
( riric Root Cearsy St.)
Black, Brown and Navy Tuxedo Veils, ij£ yards long,
fancy and plain meshes, in handsomest of Chenille dotted
effects — : over twenty choice patterns to select from — all
new, up-to-date styles — Divided, for Friday's selling into
three groups as follows : %
JL25 Veils, ea Sals at 75«
83c VeQs, co Sals at
63c Veils, on Sale at .35c
Lessons Glren in. An Kinds of Art Needlework
including the new Openverk and French Embroidery, also Lace Ma*« ~g.
Knitting, TaKinr. Crocheting, etc
Class Days: Mondavs and Fridays, between 2 and 4 P. M.
Privats Lessens by Appcisteent.
1 ADYEKTISFJIKN'I^ :¦
SPECIAL!
I ASTRACHAN
JACKETS.
$30.00 to $125.00.
Our ability to save y ocr motsey h
signoSy shown in these Jackets.
DONT FORGET OUR NUMBER
¦i - ¦- AiHiiaJ^Ai t-.."» is.
ALGAZAR^H-s^
G«acral X*sac«r.
TO-JTIGHT — ALL THIS V. kT^K. -
MATIVKES SATCRDAT ASD SU3TDAT.
Fran&Ils. Fytea* R*aH.ir!c Dturna.
A Starr c£ Abaortiss Iaccr«st.
! TJTTfai Lawr«iee. Jafea Cral». EUzabcth. 'Wood-
aaa and all t!t« Aleaxax Favarttea.
: Z>«H=r>. 2Se - to ISc; V«rT7T>»».- 23e u Me.
' 2»<xs Mood.iy — First Its* ia Stack. A. C
Gaatp'* Mtrrr OuwiiT.
PRINCE KARL
Tin Pbr n»t Mad* TfaafltM nane»
CENTRAL'^?
SCarfctt st., C€ir l ' Pbea* Socti S3X
¦ TO-NIGHT— LAST THRES KIGHTS.
StATDfKZS SATITRDAT AJTD SX^fDAT.
First tlsc* texe cf tie Mantlimal sdoinaa,
THE-pRST,WOMAM;iM L0HD3M
Grca£ Sccaie .- Pi«<Ia«.tiaix. Thsillt^g *i^i-
tlsns. ' EI«ca=i Coatsmes, - tic Xsr-
. * - i*r. ti* . iLizaica of, Crtnx^-
tEBILXXXG "- ESCAPE FROM BCHMXG
BUILSINC OS A WIRE STRETCHZD
- IX HIDAIB TWmTI FEST
ABOVE TEE STAGEK1 '
lMlv£3 Xittaeea...... O0«^ Ue. 2Se
IX1T— "ata I"**T1OE IQW.*
MXSCETJ^XEOUS \A3TCSE3CPrrgL
BASEBALL.
San Frandsco vs. PorQani
| '\ .¦>;: /AT. 'RBCaSAXIOKrFASUC '..-
.. . Firtta aaii EarrUon it». ¦ - .
j "'- TO-DAT aad *n *»k &va, 2 r. ca. '
"_: .\ ; . ..;SXT?rDAT.>Si».F. ML '
XJLDEES FREE ¦ THCRSDAT AXD JTUDAT.
AiT*cca •*:« at kui u S Stocatos «t» '¦ ¦
_ AT>VTTRXTJ»rrMTTVTR- -I' -«>¦ .-.' _"'_ .
\£taT Jurf to start th« fall trade booming, -are
@ ... have decided to jive away to-day (Fri- g
M <^7) itsxt ordered a fine Hat 1 — »
Derby or Fedoca shape. These hats are M
absolutely free to men ordering suits. S
They cancot be duplicated at a hat store
W Our new fall woolens have arrived. ffir
o All the latest patterns aci color effects h
ra are represented in the line You are sure |s
M of a . stylish, well-fi ttia %, h^r\4vfrrK suit if ' " B
it ia ««a^V here. Come in and investigate. ¦
© I CMITTIJ -the... @
iT J. oril 1 rl tailor y
AD\*ERTISEH£yTS.
jjCJfjj ji^lEsa
B Mrs. Fairbanks tells how neglect of a
warning symptoms will soon prostrate a
woman. She thinks woman's safeguard is
Lydia 1L Pinkham's V^etablc Compound*.
"Diab Mes. Pdtkham: — Iguoraace. arui neglect are Uie cause of
•shield feirale £^5ering- not only vrith the Istts of health but Trtth the
rh^r.ne cf a ccr*. I did not heed the "warnings of headaches, organic
pairs, and general weariness, until I yras Trell nirh prtastrated. x knew I
Lid to do soise thing. Happilj I did the rightthing: I took Lydia E.
Piatham*s Vegretable Cora pound faithfully, according' to directions,
and "was rcsrarded in a few weeks to tin-i that ray aches a.T?H poin3 dis-
appeared, and I asain felt the glow cf health through my body. Since
I haT5 been I have been more careful, I have also adjised a number
cf nv sick friends to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and they have never had reason to be sorrv. Yours very truly,
Mss, Mat Tasrzxsks, 216 South 7th St, Minneapolis. Minn.* (Mrs. Fair-
banks is one of the nest successful ar»«j highest salaried travelling sales-
women, in tha West.)
Wtea wcrsca mre troubled ¦witi L.iggulxr t eeppressed cr paiEfnld«ratm-
»•*-: ~- . wn'fTtm, Irscorrhcea, dispLace=.«iit or nicerazios cf the wemb, that
bcarir^-doim iselin^. isiatcsatica of the ovarie*, baekache, bloating (or
latslcace). grserai debility, isdig-estica, aad Eerrops prostration, or ar«
beset rriih. ecch srrsptcca as dizziness, faisisess, lassitude, excitability, Irri-
tability, serrocsreaa, elegpLftssaes*. iselascioly, "all-gone » and " wast-to-fc«-
left-*lcse " feelis^a, blses, aad b.cp«!ess2esa. they ab^old reme=iber there is
c- e tried arui tn=e rescdr. Lydia E. Pinthara's \ etjetable Compound
at osee rrssuTe^ mseh. Izvcblea, Eefmae to bey aay ether saedicise, isr joa
«*edthsbes$.
C*s^ "I>ii&jtMEs.PDncEA>t: — For over two years
jgJBpbfci I f^ered more thin tozgra can express with
/Gr&>j*0*zs kidney and bladder trouble. My physician pro-
iajlygSfe^gft riounced ray trcubls catarrh of the bladder,
«H&^ "\^i cati-ed by displicenien: cf the jrc^b. I had a
fS^sr /— "^^ freq^ient desire to uri^at^, azid it. ttzs very pain-
V^k ara^ lumps cf blood -srcukl pa^s wiih tha
1^ x^ n urine. Also had backache verr ofteiL
fTwl I * J * W * After writing to vcu, and receiving yocr
4 r^l^^ "^^ j reply to my letter. I followed your advice, and
Ujs^rrfr^ / feel that you and Lydia E- Piiikham's Vere-
W^l r-^-crvv tabI . e Compound hare cxired ce. The
r^K\**>*m~J\ TT! *^^ r!<t drew ny womb fcito its proper
/ V vTy \ place, and then I was well I never feel
7 \ jj \ \ * any pain now, and can do my housework
/ Jy With ease. 1 * — >fi»5t- Arm* LotOS, TTf^<*ai/i Mi<fl-
2To other medicine for female His In the world has received
sxtch widespread and unqualified endorsement.
Mrs. Pin>r ham Invites all sick women to write her for advice.
She fta« guided thousands to health. - Address, Lynn, 2£ass.
ft r A ft ft FORFEIT *• eaaaet farti-^lli pre£se« t&« eri^iaal lectan aad d^satarwof
Ta *1 1 1 ! 1 1 1 *¦-<-* « TitriTf'i'1. •» t-ci vtH ytt'« t£«tr abaelst* trBi:i»:ii<.
VU UUU Ljiia X. Rakhaa Co^ Lju, Him.MANY ; .:¦ DAIRIES r.» RATED.— The i.s Health
Board yesterday posted' the' nameg of forty dai
ries rat«i to be in cood sanitary condition, and
fifty others,* whose standinsr is poor.* 15 This is a
decided Improvement ' over i the returns ¦ of f two
months , e go. - when ; only.- six dairies i were "rated
rood ; and about ; eighty • as . Poor.Bay*3BS^E2aSt
Tenny Meets Drlscoll To-Nlght.
• Six Iboxing. ,bouts ; are . carded for. to
night at Mechanics' Pavilion annex, the
show- being the regular monthly exhibi
tion of the Bay City. Club., Harry Hawley
and Harry^Williams. 105 pounders; open
thp^card: -Harry Tenny ..- and 'Barney
Driscoll 'close v it." Both of these bouts
prpmtee :' well;; the ; last* named "in,^ par
ticular belns.good ; enough for any card'
•NEW YORK,. Nov. 3.—^Captain
Robert '¦ Stangland . of .the -.Columbia
University football "-. team is , reported
to be suffering greatly;, from •> an injury
received -in * the "game c last "Saturday
with Yale.
. Stangland * has \ been 1 hurt- in / nearly
every game ; this<* seaaon^ and i in the
Yale contest was hurtabout the head.
He .rejoined the:, team -."at*- once, - but
soon afterwardtcomplained| of : severe,
paJnsfin"the';headfand ; has; since lost
his senses of, smell J and 'taste.
Captain Stangland of ( the • Columbia
' University '. Eleven 'i Strangely In
jured In Game* With - Yale.
" Loveland'. ¦ was >J pleased -I with ; the
hearty support 'that : men on the ; other.
side>. of r;the~ Sierra-', gave v to> proposi
tions '"; that ¦' ¦ originated \f, in *.? Calif ornla
and'thatare'ilargelylfdfthebeheflt^of
Calif ornia^'AThe sessions- of '.'the .In
terstate^ Commerce ¦>"•' Lawji convention
were ".largely; attended i and ;iereatin
terest was'; manifested ' in the 'pro-'
rppmngg.'g»Bf2g£a«B<ftag£* . r ~ ' ; •--,". - ;
. - H.- D. *•, Loveland," who was ? recently
elected;.- president" of 'the Interstate
Commerce • Law; Leacrue - at « St.^ Louis
and : who attended' the Trans-Mississip
pi • Commercial ; Congress ' as ;"a\delegate
f rom * several c local commercal iorgari
izatlons,' returned • yesterday; from • the"
East. ;¦,,. He? says • that f the i-. statement
that he was. elected ; president jof ithe
Trans-Mississippi ¦ Congress iwas !ai mis-"
take. T. The : president y oft that -; body ? is
Theodore '¦ B. ! Wilcox of ; Portland,' : Or.
Loveland Commends . People .off Other
' * StatraforAld Given to?Aims of '". I
; " ..California." •¦ • ,
FOOTBALL; PLAYER LOSES
SENSE. OP "S3IELIj: AND TASTE
MEN i BEYOND . THE ? SIERRA ,
SUPPORT: COAST. ; 3IEASURES
NEW TORK.'Xov; 3.— A.' shooting af
fray, with many .'-'features'; resembling
the highbinder qutra'ges; of -the San
Francisco Chinese quarter,* which oc
curred r in - ChinatVwn i to-day .* may • re
sult in \the" death .of; Mock? Duck, one
of .the most prominent members of the
reform; elementVln: the^ local Chinese
colony. - Mock .was waylaid as he was
passing through t Pell street and. one Tof
two jbullets'ftred at him : lodged in : his
abdomen, V making i an extremely, dan
gerous, wound. ;*. ¦ ; . ;,'.;
; f.When •• his assailant, . who . was cap
tii red. as he was running away, was be
ing ;taken to; the .patrol; box by.'.a'.po
llceman, ,-.the ¦ couple ', were j surrounded
by?lthree other, Chinese '¦'¦¦ with. -'drawn
revolvers, ¦ demanding the release of
the; prisoner....': . - .•: » .
> Mock Duck was tried. for; the murder
of.<a fellow Chinese "about two 'year3
ago, 'but wasfacquitted. •>.% '.-.,.
;,, The t Oaklanders , started '. to •; roll ;; ' up
runs I Infthe \ first '•', inning.',; Ganley - got
;*one Jbf i the i fatal r bases 'on' * balls, h He
promptly^ stole? second,'; went? to ? third
on' Dvuileavy's out and came home on a
, passed' ball. - V-"- .",-!/;¦ 'j'". 53'i : ~. r * : Wi\;.,\ * ¦•.;
¦ ~i Seattle f.went '* ahead in '3 the l^thlrdvih
ning.Twhen^afterrHogg had struck'out, 11
; Van ; Ha.ltren : .was f a' ')>ase'- on balls
and >• scored" on \ Freeman's 1 two^bagger.'
Delehanty^. followed'^with '.'j another two-'
• bagger,(scoring;Freeman.:v",n.V *."- ' : -._'
> clhchedjthe'game in- thesey^
enth > inning "tbyjtwbi bunts,** a ' base } on
ballsrfa'isacrlflce^andja'bunchjOf /errors
by, 1 , Seattle.Vj'Jones ', started * wlth^ a< base
on balls and Ganley landed a neat bunt
Oakland ; took "one - more ] step ;. to ward
the j coveted 'baseball^ flag ; yesterday ,by
beating ? the". Si washes ; on w the 'Oakland
grounds ; by; a^ score, of 4, to, 3.; . .
-"'/Oakland (secured ;*'only; ; three - hits -off
Hogg," b'ut 'agaJnst; that", Hogg ' was wild
and' gave ten ; men : bases , on balls, while
yoting"'-. McKuehri,i,wh"o -was
had' twopassed .bails.^ 1 There were'four
errors :¦ by * different 5- Si washes'" and * they
an,"cameTat*critlcal-.times7; so that .while
Oakland did not hit hard and oftenthey
tookH advantage "of i what' came = their
way .'^0 _'*"¦'-¦ i-v^v-v ./''*•¦¦•; v>*' r '''*";^ ; - :^^;-;;
Siwashe's . ' Get '. To nglecl ;:Up ; and ' JRun
: '•; ; Second by iw Tally.Y :; 6
MEMPHIS, Terin.; '. Nov. .3.— The
matinee trotting events and exhibition
trials of Lou Dillon and^Dan Patch
have" again been postponed \ on account
of rain; and slow ; track until' to-mor
row." : .' "¦ ': "'-.* : -' * •'.-;•" ¦ : *-"
Rain Prevents* Record; Trials.
GOTHAM GETS A TASTE
OF CHINESE TONG WAR
COM>IUTERS RIGHT IN LINE.'
VAsTa'ilarge.IbimchYof ,'.; skeleton \ keys
'was ! found in"^ possession [of; the prisoner
atXtheltlme^of >her Jarrest.jthe
presumeithat^sheopened the front door
of Mrs. ; Carter's house with a skeleton/
. Another, burglary- has been traced (to
the handiwork of Mrs. Grace Squire.
Last;nigHt:.Mrs.'.Carter of : 1042 ; Golden
Gate;; avenue : : accompanied " Detective
Ross - Whitaker to the City Prison arid
• the : burglar^ as the. o'ne' ; who
stole* her purse -containing $46 a ' week
ago/..;- ] \- ¦-'¦'.-' ~r . ; ""¦'- ¦•'•..•--.v
#*¦ Mrs. -Carter. had no" difficulty in tak
ing, the identification. . • -^Vhen; sHe «pqke
to.Mrs.'^Squire the prisoner denied itliat
she had ever seen her before and main
tained 'that she : had never, been in! Mrs.
Carter's , house 'or ;tafcen : her; pursed- ;*^?.
: The b'urglaryvwith which Mrs. Carter
connects « Mrs. J Squire occurred a 1 ; week
ago. -t Mrs.;? Carter, Lwas .; surprised I one
afternoon 'on! entering: .the',. hall f to" see
the* Squire -woman demerging. from*. her
bedroom." She.] demanded ; to < know .what
the -woman .doing, in ". her ;. house.
Mrs.; SquireVreplled that ' she; had coirne
tollooki at -some- rooms.' i On- being -told
| that ¦ the » house I had ,no ; rooms : for^rent
the > burglar took; herself .'off.*:/. •
[ Mtb.\ Carter, soon; discovered that; her'
purse ?> was ; from ] her ; dresser,
.where'- she. had-- left 'It prior, to* ¦: seeing
the / strange^woman i in r ' the : hall.% She
says ¦ that , she ? does not . know whether
Mrs.; Squire; entered t with : a : key,* by I the'
front^doori or "whether -the 7. door' • was
open.'^v'V"'w'-/;f*:'--J^BteBHHS ¦¦'.'•"•¦'w : '
Mrs. Carter Identifies Grace Squire
as One Who Entei-ctl. Her Flat"
¦ - . and Stole Purse. ,\
WOMAN" BURGLAR . WILE HAVE
TO I FACE ANOTHER CHARGE
Haggin Loses Xoted. Stallion.
LEXINGTON, , Ky., , Nov. 3.---While
being, led to his stall to -'day "J. B.> Hag
gin's* Bathampton,'- by) Hampton' out of
The Bat, fell on -the; concrete floor, of
a barn at Elmendorf; and -was fatally
injured, dying 'from concussion, of -the
JURT FAILS TO AGREE.— The jury In th*
case of Placido G.- Valencia, charged with
grand larceny, failed to agree and was Z
charged by Judge Lawlor. TV ease wit again"
set for trial on Monday moralng! Th* dl^
fendant was accused of taking *2O from Fr^l
J. Hum of 1647 Mission street onsepumber^
At a conference between. R.W. Bar
rett,- treasurer of the Stanford Associ
ated Students, and , Ezra Decoto, Cali
fornia's athletic; manager, held here
yesterday, officials for the intercollegi
ate football game • were . agreed uponJ
RichaTd Smith,' coach of the University
of Oregon eleven, will be umpire. Ben
Dibblee, who officiated at last ..year's
game, was . chosen referee; He was
formerly.a football man at Yale. Percy
Hall, California,- will act; as head lines
man and his. assistants- will be J. T.
Nourse, Stanford, '00, and' R." Ross, Cali^
fornla," '01: - D. Brown/ Stanford; * '97.
and I. J. Muma, California, '00, will be
tlmers.v .. J.— " - ¦' ; • .. ' ¦ . '¦¦
The game : will be , called promjptly at
2:30 p. m. TwBJnHHffllBtBflWBn
The proposed game between Stanford
and. Wisconsin has been, called off, ow
ing'to • a t conflict; in. dates.. ;
PIEPER WILL FILED.— The Tflh of Robert
Pleper of the McMa*ter-P*per Machine Com
pany, who died on October 30. was Hied for
probate yesterday by his wife. Jennie- I. P'eper
to whom the whole estate is bequeathed.- It ti
stated that the property consists -of realty
I^Talue n $t0^0 r:k ' 3 m the com »™y «ceedlni
Third clae*. preliminary round — W. Honign
berg *¦¦. L..' Xeltor; F. Maggs va. T. Stewart-
H. Garcia •«••. N. Abbott; H. Levlneon va H #
Cr*ne; B. March v«. G. Gun«t: R.>Relgl e * ve'
O. Morrlj'. First . round— E. Eaeton. and I*
Jjerr. byw-
The boy tennis players who play- at
the park have organized a club to be
called the Golden Gate Junior Tennis
Club. Any boy under 16 years of age
can join. . As the entrance fee and
monthly dues are Email the member
ship will be large. There are already
twenty-five members and the club has
been in existence less than a week..
The first tournament to be held. by
the juniors will be a class'singles and
Is set for to-morrow. The players
have been divided into three classes.
There are five in the first class, six
Jn the secondhand fourteen in the
third. The winner of the first class
•will receive a tennis racket. The sec
ond and ' third class winners . will each
be awarded a pair of tennis shoes. '
The drawing, which was held last
night, resulted as follows:
' Flnst class, preliminary round — L. Levlaon
¦"tr. A. Martinez. First round — H. Getz vs. M
Mr.Lougnlln; X. Finn "a bye. . Second clam'
preliminary round — J. ftrachan v». T.Rtordan
¦U" Uarcua v«. R. Strachan. First round R*
Tvilder and C. Fonntag, byes'. v
Enthusiastic Juveniles Will Meet To-
Morrow in Their First .Tourna
ment on Park Courts.
TENNIS CLUB ORGAXIZED
BY, YOUTHFUL. PLAYERS
Ben Dibblee of Yale Will
Again Act as Referee of
the . Football Struggle
NAME OFFICIALS
FOR BIG GAME
-'— Thoms.rf 1 0 1 3 "0
Totals. 31 11 11 27 11 rHogan:..l 0 0 0 .0
" - Ovrall.cf 1 0 O'O 0
¦ ' Totals. 31 2, 6 24 7
¦'•Hogan; batted; for Fitzgerald ) In the 'seventh.
. HUNS AND HITS b'y ; INNINGS.
Los ' Angeles - : ; : . O 0 ' 0 ¦ 4 14:2 0 ; x— 11
.Base hits,...;. 0 1 0 4 1 3 2 0.x— 11
.Tacoma '......:. 1 _O-.O . 0 0 0 ' 1- 0 0— 2
.;Bag e *hlt9 ...:. 2.0 ;0 J)^0 ".-0,f 2 '1 1— (J
I;-!; *:SUMMARY?v?
¦ Stolen' bases— Flood • 2.' Sheehan. •. Errors—
Gray;- "Doyle Graham.' 2..; Hits r made oft
Fitzgerald 0.. off Lynch 2. ' Home run — Cravath.
Two-base hlts-^-Bernard, -Chase, ¦ Lynch.;;-,Sac
rifice hits— Smith. Flood. Casey, Ross. Bernard,"
Gray. - First : base . on.; errors — Los ¦; Angeles . 2.
Left on bases — Los Angeles 8/ Tacoma 7.. Bases
on ¦ balls— Off C.Fitzgerald 5, bff^Gray . 2, -off
Lynch 1. Struck, out-^-By> Gray; 5. by Fitz
gerald "¦' 2. '- ¦ Hit r by . pitched ' ball— Flood and
Eagan." ; Time ; of game— 2 chours.^: Umpire —
Perrine." -, ' . •-. •' ¦¦.'¦--. \ '*:¦ '", ?'-',' :.;.;-_• ";'
¦ LOS ANGELES, ' 3.— Los An
geles gave Tacofna^ a ; bad T beating,
principally . because j Fitzgerald . had an
off- day. ;.. He pitched steady rhough for
three in'riirigs ' and th-feri the locals fell
upon hinv and batted the ball almost
at will. " His team went- to; pieces at
critical -stages, " which" 1 made matters
worse. -Lynch relieved Fitzgerald -in
the seventh Inning. .Eagan'was hit oh
the elbow by a pitched ball and' had
to give way to Doyle at short. The
locals ran -bases in ' daring' style and
Gray pitched splendid' ball.. ..To-day's
game B puts Los Angeles ; within one
point , of Tacoma in * the percentage
table. Score: . . ; .• . - : .
Los Angeles— -- Tacoma— . '
. : AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd.cf 4 2 1 2 0Dyle,s,rf-3 112 1
Flood.2b."2 0 2 3' 5 Shehn,3b 3 O' 112
. Smith,3b.,4 .'1 1. 2 1 Nrdky.lb-4 0 0 7 : 2
Chance.c. 4 • 1 . 1 6- 1 Eagan,s..-1-. O'.O 0 0
Crvth.rf - 4 2.1.00 Ca?ey,2b. • 3 • 0 . 0 3 ; 1
Chase.lb. 5. 1 3 10 10 Lnch.cf.p 4 0 . 1 1'. 0
Toman, s 4 ', 1 1 0 2 McLln.lf - 4 • 1 1 40
Ross.lf... 2 1 :. 1 4 : OGrahm.c 4 0- 1 H'J
Gray.p... 2 2 0 ; 0 2 Fltigld.p 2 < 0 . 0 • 0
Angels-Arc ,Xo\v AVithln One Point of
•.'¦•" ¦.; ¦•" v ' First Place. -
TIGERS' GO DOWX /ONCE MORE.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth — Reserva
tion Hon. Just So second, Fonsoliica third.
Time. 1:4714-.
' Sixth race, six furlongs — Milton Young won,
Ome&lcm. second. Mc-Ilvain third. Time, 1:14U.
Third race, one mile — Schoolmate won. Bell
the Cat second, Santa Luna third. Time,
l:*0 J ,i. .-
Fourth race, fix furlongs — Tapiola won.
Mary Callahan second, Fontesla third. Time,
1:15.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 3. — The talent
had a good day at Latonia to-day,
five favorites winning. The feature of
the card was the finish between Milton
Ycung and Omealca in the last race,
the former getting the decision by a
nose. Boland, on the letter, claimed a
foul, but it was not allowed. Omealca
•was heavily played as a good thing.
The weather was clear and the track
f2fct. Summary:
First race, seven furlongs — Rachel Ward
won. Vestry second, Pyrrho third. . Time, 1 :28.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Mum
¦won. Monaco Maid second, Trappist third.
Time. l:07>i.
Slilton Youne Defeats Omcalca a Xosc
in Last Race.
This week's - card- 'at - / Ingleside
Coursing Park includes two stakes,
the reserve of ; sixty-four entries 'and
the class of thirty-two entries, making
a total of • ninety-six entries. 1 In the
class stake there are" a, number. C of
high class dogs,, which -promise "to
give .a good account of .themselves.
Coursing will commence on* Saturday
at 11 and on' Sunday at' 1 10:30. . The
first 1 two rounds 'of f the -reserve, stake
willbe run down' on Saturday arid the
rest of the card will be completed on
Sunday. Following is- the> result of
last night's draw:
Reserve stake, elxty-four entries— Miss Do
mestic vs. Pasha King; Red Brick | vs. Fire
Brick; R W vs. Hunter Raine: Concord Boy vs.
Young Kerry* Pippin; Cascade vs. Lord Mel
bourne;.Sunny South vs. MountiEagle; Helen
Hayes vs.. Gallant Glancer;. General Fremont
vs. Rolling Boer; Belfast vs. Craig Lad; Forest
Fire v*. Lily Wright; Bella-Lloyd vs. Hermit-
Lucy Glitters vs. . Pjker: ; Haddington vs. Jerry
Wright; Intruder- vs. Rose Tree; Commercial
Traveler vs. Gold Lily; Purei Pearl vs. Path
finder; Duncan vs. Croix D; Stiver 'Cloud 'VS
Blue Craig .-'Pagliacci- vs. Doreen; Red Hot vs
Alcatraz;' Pepper Jack vs.. Equator;. Clarice vs.
Maid. of the Glen ;PIcadilIy vs. Rusty Anchor-
Pasha , Pleasant vs. • Smiler; * Mark Twain ¦ vs.
Nellie M;. Bob R vs. "Trevethan; Kintla ' vs.
Poincctta : Lulu Girl vs. D R; \ Courtley Guest
vs.. Jce'Hlll; Little Mercy. V9.v Free Costa-
Rocklin Bcy.vs. Medley; Agitator vs. Pursuer.
Class stage. . thirty-two entries— Dexter B
vs. Mellluwood: Queen's Motto.vs. High Horn-
JIgamaroo vs. Old ironsides; Icellus vs. Loret
ta; Ouida ,v?. Good as Gold;. Bright' Columbia
vs. Young Johnny Rex;Sofala vs. Little Plun
ger; Eagle Bird vs. Free From. Flaw;: Sacra
mento Boy vs. Rapid . Water; Vina vs. Cran
berry Sauce; Clover Blo?som vs." Northeru
Alarm; Ready Address vs.' Fretter; Fair Flying
vs. Shotgun;- Tom Hurllck'vs. Dear Gaston;
Remiseo . Anlmo ..vs. . Dec - Burns; " Conroy • vs'
Frisky Boy. " . -
Double Event at . Inglcside Coursing
Park Attracts Some '. High
Class Does^
CLOSE FINISH AT LATOXIA.
ninety-six; fast hounds
• \ matched^ ix. tivo stakes
A joint convention of the Golden. Gate
Christian Endeavor Society .and, the
Sari Francisco Epworth League Alli
ance was held in "the Alhambra Theater
last night. -There was- an immense at
tendance and on the platform, were
some of the most. prominent clergymen
and laymen cf the State. A choir of
200 voices rendered sacred music.
The theme discussed was "High Li
cense fetter Than Low License." Fair
fax H. Wheelan spoke of "San T Fran
cisco of To-day" and in scathing terms
arraigned -what he called '.'an open
town." and appealed for the highest
tone in civic. life. The Rev. Dr. E.
Nelander's subject was "Greater San
Francisco." which was treated In a
patriotic vein. He condemned the
"corner grocery saloon." a subject
.which was handled later without gloves
by the Rev. W. M. : Whlte. D. D
The. Rev; Dr. Francis It Larkln'a
subject was. "A Saloon Boycott."
Mayor Schmitzand the Election Com
missieners were severely criticized The
Rev. George W. White. D. D.. s'poke on
A Just Proposition" and strongly ad
vocated hisrh license.
The convention was under the direc
tion of John W. Hatch and- Percy F.
Morris. • .-
M<n Prominent In City life. Dis
cuss Topics p-ertainlns to
Chic Affairs.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, ¦ handi
cap—The Repent 102. Judge Hlmee 100, Pre
clou* Stone 100. Wainamoinen 105, White
Plume 102. Jake Greenberg 110, Comrade 100.
Fourth race, steeplechase. *hort course — Rice
125. Sam -Partner 145. Picktlme 132. Thorn
hedge 154, Bank Holiday 125, Laura K 125
Ch8rawlnd 170, Xerxes 134.
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse — Mrs Fal
coner 110. Homebody 1O.*>. Meadow Plume 105
Glendivere 105. Neva. Welch, lOK. Berinthla
1C5. Lady Eileen 105, Agnea Virginia' 105
Gallce 1C5, St. Bonnie 1C5, Praise 105, Juchi
tan 110. Dorothy Dodd 110. Mary Ellen 105.
Sixth , race, one and three-sixteenth miles
wiling— Swiftwing 107, Baird 103, Glenwood
105. Xlaxus 102, Harrison 103, Goo Goo 95
Beaucaire 103. Squanto 102, Olonetz 103. Lacy
Crawford 103. •
First ¦ race, eix ¦ furlong*, veiling — Henry
Lyons 97, Lulu Man- 107, Bob Franklin 102,
Trovator 97, Dusky 97, J. Ed Grillo 102. Mag
gie . Leeber 97. Owasca - 102, Goldsplnk . 102,
Bonnie Mary 97, Alfred C 102. Nervator 105,
Ben Hullum 102, Dr. Riley 102.
Second race, one mile, celling — Lady . of the
West 10S. Columbia Girl 1C4. Tom Hall 100.
Jigger 107, Athlone 98, Benckart 110. Hopeful
Mies 94/ Captain Gaines 1O1» LeenJa 103, Drum
mond 98, Hickory Corners "S9.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 3. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Latonia fol
low: --.-¦— . .
HIGH" LICENSE TIIEJIE
AT BIG COXVENTIOX
LATOXIA KXTKIES.
Time. 1:14. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. S. S. Brown'i ch. f., by Sir Dlxon-Mer
«!in. Monacorder, Ike S, Consuelo II. High
Life. Auto Hood, Belle Dixon, finished as
named.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; for
two-year-olds : «
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
S to S — Druid. 104 f Crimmins).. 4 13 15
25 to 1— Suffernce. 105 <P.Ph!llips) 3 3 1 2 %
10 to 1— Flinders. 99 (Sperling).. 5 5 1 3 «;
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
Felling; for thre«"-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1— Lord Badge. 10S <Crimns) 1 11 1 h
5 to 2— The Southerner. lOKTrav) 2 X 'j 2 4
6 to 2 — Glisten, 98 <Hlldebrand) S 5 h 3 h
Time. 1 :53 1-5. Start fair. ¦ Won driving:.
Winner, W. L. Oliver's b. g.. by Badge-Mock
inc BJrd. South Trimble. Homestead. Ethics
finished mb named. «
Edward •' S. ' Planter, a gay young fel
low from. Detroit," who has been cutting
quite a swath' around .the!: local hotels
and the tcndertoln^district for a month;
is now locked, up at, " the^City Prison
awaiting an officer from Detroit, where
he is wanted forj forgery- was
arrested . ypsterday'at the instigation of
Banker . Patterson of Fresno. Several
weeks ago Planter visited the bankeir
In Fresno, to whom'he represented him
self as- Edward _j Patterson,- a second
cousin of \ he financier, and. spent two
days - in ¦ the raisin \ tov/n ' enjoying the
hospitality of his new made friend. Just
before • the two ; men . parted the young
mah asked Patterson to indorse a $2500
check, which he said an uncle had sent
him and- which., he. was anxious to cash.
Although he had readily obliged his
supposed- relative Banker Patterson
later regretted' his act- and -hia sus
picions being aroused he telegraphed
East 'whence '< came the response that
the check was a forgery. Immediately
on receipt Of this news Patterson, com
municated with the bank in this. city
on which the check was. drawn, and
when, Planter called at the bank the
next morning the cashier told him the
check, would have to be. forwarded for
collection. Evidently realizing that he
was -suspected.' he 'hurriedly' left the
bank.' Sines- then he. has been : having
a wild time about town. For awhile he
was "a guest at the §t. Francis Hotel,
where; he was accompanied by a young
woman who was introduced as his wife.
Foun weeks ago Planter gave an 'elab
orate V 1 dinner, to a- party -of .friends
at. the hotel and surprised them by ap
pearing '• at ithe .dinner dressed as a
Dutch comedian:- From the St.- Francis
Planter and his companion moved to
the.-Hotel Victoria on Geary, street,
where - he ..soop became known as a
lavish • spender. -
;JFor several weeks .Banker Patterson
has bfjndlligeritly searching for Planter
in", this . city arid employed the Pinker
ton, agency, to assist him. : Yesterday,
while taking lunch at Zinkand's with
a friend, the banker, discovered Planter
and his female companion eating at an
adioining. table.. Quietly; leaving the
place, Patterson summoned .two police
men,: who arrived at the resort. Just ; as
Planter was leaving and placed him un
der arrest. His woman companion was
allowed to go herw^j-, but last night
the police decided that she might .be a
valuable witness and officers were sent
out to find her. Up to midnight,.how- ;
ever, she had not returned to her apart
ments at *. the Hotel Victoria. . The ; de
tectives say Planter is well connected in
the East, but their Information is- that
he has been lading a . reckless lit e . and
ftas left bad checks • in a nujnber of
cities which he. has recently visited. .
•< Jack ICurry, Uhe -r well-known [ crana
circuit driver,"; will train and race?, a
string' of runners, whlch;wlll : sport 1 the
colors 'of - J. de : la Montanya at Oakland
this season.- At l^ast that Is the report.
¦.Joe I Levy, formerly . cashier for -Bar
ney; Schreiber, arrived from : St : Louis
last \ night. - Joe . reports that the Hoff
man Bros, and 'Jimmy Jackson will 'be
here in time to '• cut '.' in on the ' ooeni ner
day.;.- /¦• >~-\- 1 ';. '• '¦:•'.''¦ ¦'.'".'
Oscar Bachman,' who has not booked
in California • since the • old Bay - Dis
trict'days, Avillbe out; here again" this
.winter. " ' ; ; - ,*,"' ';¦'"'¦• ¦
•.TRr.-.H:- Lloyd,' Max .Frank, Joe arid
Sam Bluhm r I. HammerslouKh. ¦'. Joe
Rose, Johnny Coleman and Bill Jack
man,;Joe,Harlan, : Henry,'Wendt are-a
few of the other members of the Met
ropolitan'. Association of New .ijYprk
who '.will book here. ~ r ' " '¦ ¦ .
' If all the turfmen" reach California
that have . placed their names -on< the
list for the trip, there won't be hotels
enough '= in San Francisco to accommo
date them. Janies Scanlan, press agent
of the California Jockey Club, returned
from ;th"e East yesterday" and reports
that the meeting here last season was
such a remarkably successful one that
all : of the horsemen who raced here
then, \ together with many new faces,
will be seen at Oakland and at Ingle
side again this 'coming winter.
Willie Shields, who trains for Mil
lionaire E: R. Thomas, and who - has
increased / his: avoirdupois until 'ho
makes Annotfncer Bob -McGibben look
like a bantam-weight, will -be out this
way with a select string of bread-win
ners. Dr. Kyle, J. Blute, C. Cochran.
father- ofV the jockey; Fred Burlew,
Frank Reagan, Joe' Yeager, Ed Stutte,
J. T. Baird, Green Morris, James Mo-
Laughlin and Tommy Griffln are amone
other New York owners l which" were
getting in readiness : for the far West
ern 1 tour. McLaughlln was the famous
rival of "Snapper" Garrison in the days
gone by. -He has in his stable such
useful performers as Pasadena. Ox
ford and Race King. ' .;•- ;•.
: Very few of the middle .Western con
tingent have as-yef put in: an appear
ance,^ though -many- are now en route.
The strings of- Charlej^ Henshall. Tom
Ryan, J.O. Keene, W. E. Cotton.- M.
H.' Tichenor"& Co., -M." D. Miller and
'A:*-j F. " Dayton will arrive within' the
next 'few days. ¦ ¦'• ;.
• During- the- season Hildebrand.*; W.
Davis, Arthur Redfern, Prior,' Helee
sen, Bullman, Dominick and Tommy
Burns will .be seen in the saddle. •
Many New F.aces • Will Be
Seen in the Tli rong at Oak
land Track During Season
Time. 1 :45 2-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. J. R. Keene's ch. c. by Isidor-Star
l!ght. Gunfire, Firat Mason. De Reszke, St.
Valentine, Palmbearer. Ostrich, finished as
canned.
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth
xnllee. the Aqueduct handicap: for all ages:~
Bettlng. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Israelite. «U (Schilling).. 4 12 1 2H
6 to 2— Dol. Spanker. 120 <Redf n) 5 4 2 2 2'
Btol — Agate. 97 (Crimmins).... 8 8 3 4
TURFMEN START
FOR THIS CITY
Third race, six furlongc. handicap— Monet
124, Roseben 123. Crown Princo 120, Considera
tion 110. Rob Roy 112, Clear the Arena 107.
(Monet and. Crown Prince, Bell entry.)
Fourth race. fl\'e furlongs, two-year-olds,
the Belle Rose, selling — Czaraphine lot. Calm
ness 94. Dazzle 102. Coy Maid 99. Caper Sauce
106. Bank 107. Blue Coat 1U2. Thirty-third 98,
Carrie Jones 99, White Marsh 102. Niblick 08.
Fifth race, one and a rixteenth miles, sell
ing — Flammula 100. George Keene 103. . Sir
6h«p 100, Stuyve 110, Fall bury 108, Bally
Caetle ft5. Consideration 9U, Aurumaner 102,
Akela 103, White Ghost US. Dimple 101, The
Huguenot. 107, Lord Melbourne 98. *
Sixth race, one mile, maidens— Allnda 107,
Spring Silk 110. Andaluslan.107. Welrdsoul 107
Highwlnd 110. -Tom Lawson 107, Alster 103,
Male Hanlon. 107. *. Xult Blanche. 107. Signet
Ring 101, .Thespian 110. Revane 107; Silverfoot
110. Bouvier 107. Telescope 107. Louis H 110,
Ben Crockett 107. The Captain 110, Belle Metal
110. Stalker 10T. r^i V ' r
First race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Diamond 126. Flyback 1W, Juvenaga 110, Mer
ry Lark 1C8. Bank 102, Blue Coat 97. Cairn
gorm 114, Clover Hampton 09. (Diamond and
Flyback. Thomas ' entry-)
Second race, one mile, selling— Flammula
100, Neptunus 9S. New York 111. Champlain
$»<¦!. Consideration 03, Red Knight 100. Coppella
100. Brooklynite 105. Garnish 04, Cannon
Ball 10S.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Aqueduct
follow: . .
Time. 1:00 2-5. Start fair.. Won easily.
Winner. S. Pagefp br. f. by Watercress-Zeal
*ndia. Kilties. Iirate Polly. Fancy Dress,
Ranger. Mirthless. Prestige, Coeur de Lion,
finished as ftamed.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two
year-olds:
Betting. Horse. W*irht. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
6tol— Zeala lttT^nildebrand).. 3 11 12
6 to 8 — Trapper. 115 <L,yn**> 2 2 12 0
7 to 1 — Escutcheon. 115 <\V.Davs) 4 4 h 3 h
SECOND RACE — One mile; handicap: purse;
all ages:
B*Tting. Horse Weight Jockey. St ¦%« Fin.
8 to 1— Orthodox. 106 (W.Davis) 3 2 2 13
16 toft—Sid. C. Love. ICC <Hldb) 5 4 0 2 6
4 to 1— Damon. 37 (TraverF)... 2 1 h 3 0
Time. 1 :38. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. M. L. Haymaji'a ch. c. by Don de Oro-
OrtegaJ. Go Between, War \\Tioop. Colonial
Girl, finished as named.
AQUEDUCT ENTRIES.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Alfred C. Gold Splnk,
J. Ed Grillo.
Second race — Athlone. Benckart, Co
lumbia Girl.
Third race — Jnke Grecnberc,
Wainamoinen, Comrade.
Fourth race — Thonihedce, Chara
uind, I»ick Time.
Fifth i-ace^ — Asncs Vireinln, Juchi
lan. Lady FJIlecn.
Sixth race — Swiftwing, Glemvood,
Goo Goo.
Condition of* the track — F^ast,
I^ATOMA SELECriOXS.
By th« New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Diamond, JuvcnaRa,
Merrj' Lark.
Second race — Champlain. Considera
tion, Garnish.
Third race — Crown Prince, Roseben,
3Ionet.
Fourth race — Thirty-Third, Coy
3(aid, Czaraphine.
Fifth race —^The IIuRuenot, Stuyre.
Consideration.
Sixth race — Thespian. Tom Lawson.
Maic Hanlon.
Condition of the tmck — Fast.
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
Young Corbett and Battling Nelson
have , already started to . go" - through
their "preliminary stunts, the former at
the ocean beach and the latter at*Lark
spur. Corbett will have. lots to; do,. for
at the present time he is burdened with
considerable excess weight and '¦ is due
to take off many pounds. Nelson is In
fair condition, but he believes in lots of
work and therefore has started In 'early
to condition himself for the coming bat
tle. . • ¦ ..*.;¦
„ Al Herford made a getaway.' for Bal
timore on Wednesday night with a big
wad of San j Francisco . coin.-, Joe Gans
followed his wise j manager; yesterday
morning.
The Britts have dropped suddenly
from sight, Jimmy ' having gone to the
mountains for a rest, while Willis and
James Sr. are keeping much to them
selves. . . . . ' -
It would be better for the promoters
to leave Gans to his terrapin' and his
dice-shaking in Maryland and seek
boxing talent elsewhere., '
Harry Corbett, who looks after. the
affairs of the Yosemite Club, feels.con
fident he wiir secure the_ permit for De
cember, the club being entitled to that
date. He is not prepared to say that
Britt and Gans are on the cards for
that month. .
.When the spectators at. Monday
night's affair" discuss the; quick, action
of the entire spectacle they seem to ar
rive at the conclusion that; it was, too
much like a Central Theater. ,melo :
drama with the rough-house- scene^froni
Jim Corbetfs-play, "Pals," enacted by
Jimmy Britt and; Eddie Graneythn^vn
in. for good measure; It' was -stage
managed to perfection. . from the-dra
matic incidents of the weighing in until
the final curtain. " Al Herford has the
reputation of being a star in this, de
partment of the game, and David Be
lasco could not 'have filled in- the 'de
tails with . greater nicety. That there
v/as a lack of confidence in Herford is
evidenced by the fact that several
heavy wagers were called off at the
eleventh hour by men who were not
sure they would get a run for "their
money. Shortly before the boxers en
tered the ring a number of well-dressed
colored men. appeared in the downtown
cafes and offered to bet in thousands
on Gans. They had the shining gold,tp
place on the man from Baltimore.
The geneml impression seems ..to; be
that the patrons of boxing have ; had . a
surfeit, of Manager Herford * aiid ; 'of
Gans, particularly Herford.. Gans Is re
ported to have" said tp a friend within
fifteen minutes after he ' left the ring on
Monday night that he could .whip Britt
In a round. It Is a matter of rlnghis
tory that he did not do so then. - : :?
The promoters of ; boxing- are feeling
the pulse of ; the public' on the ' Question
of a return, match J between Britt and
Gans. The Idea' Is; to 'bring; them to
gether at 135 pounds ringside early, In
December • under -the , auspices ; of the
Yosemite Club. . . . • -'¦*'¦'¦ '^
¦\ Stolen ". bases— Drennan, *¦*•• Gorton.' Whalen,
Shay. Spencer, 7Beck;v Iberg. Errors— Van
Biiren,. Spencer 2, Whalen.i Two-base lilt—
Kellackey. Sacrifice -hits— Iberg, Kellackey,
Irwin. First base on errors-^San ¦ Francisco 2.
First' base- on= called .balls— Off .Whalen 6. off
Iberg 1.. .Left . on bases — San Francisco -2,
Portland 11. Struck out— By Whalen 3. .Hit
by pitcher— Shay. Hildebrand: - Double plays —
Anderson to Gochnauer to Van 'Buren; Beck to
bpencer. • Passed ball— Gorton." Time of | game
— 1' hour and 50 minutes. * ; Umplre^Brown.
San Francisco— " i Portlarid—
'* ,* ' AB.R.H. P.A. . . . AB.R. H. P.A.
Hlldbd.lf 4 1 0 2 0 Drnan.cf 5 0 2 5 0
Meany.rf 3-0 1 1 lfShay.s.-.. 4 0 02 1'
Irwin,3b. 3 0 0 3 - OJNdau.lf.s 5 0:0 4 0
VnBm.lb 4 0 .0 11 0 Beck.lb 4 0 1 12 , 1
"VVIdrn.cf 4 0 0 3 ' 0 Krug.rf.' 5 0 0 3 0
Adrsn,2b 4 : 0 -0 5 • :^RnkIe,3b 4 1 ," 0 1 "5
Gorton.c. ,4.1,1 4.1 Spencr,2b 51 24.2
Gochnr.s*4. 1_ O 3 .. BlKlacky.c '2 ,0 1 0 O
Whalen.p 4 0. 1 ;i_ 5 Iberg,p...l4 ,1 1 ~0 ;3
Totals. 34 3 '3 : 3315 Totals. 38' 8 '"¦35 12
. RUNS 'AND 'HITS BX INNINGS. • :•',
Portland >". ...... .\.T. 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits .......'.•. 0 2-1'ia 0 0 10 0 1—7
San .Francisco ..;-..'. 0 0 0 0 0 2 00 10 0—^3
• Base hits: ............ 00 00020010 0 — 3
'-•::-¦•';-¦ SUMMARY. . ;¦•.:•::
Gorton . ushered in the. sixth for the
Seals "with a^drive to "left. Spencer
booted Gochhauer's grounder and.Gor
ton went to third. ; James Whalen
swung through' to right. 'Gorton^ ar
rived and Gochnauer' went to third.
Hildebrand had a long fly and that put
the Seals' shortstop in with the second.
- All was easy till the last spasm,
when Hndebrand r "hit~to "Spencer, and
again the "lad booted.' Meany popped
up * a high fly, but neither Jberg nor
Kellackey cared about' taking.it.; Ir
wln"; bunted both . meri along. Van
Buren, produced a. drive to. center.
Drennan's good angel .happened to. be
hovering some- place near the fence,
for Drennan put up one mitt and the
ball -stayed there. "Hildebrand came
In- on. the. throw, "creating the dead
lock, which could not be broken.
•". Kellackey led. off with a double to
center for the Brownies in the tenth,
but Iberg forced him. After the In
ning was over. the men from Portland
tried to stall, and inthe midst'of the
mix-up Danny Shay,\ who had just
joined the; team; .was .requested by the
urhpire to take; to the dressing-room.
The score: " ;*^,-;'V.V"-' ¦.¦¦-•
- ;• The i • trailers and the '¦ cellar' brigade
went 'eleven ;. rounds : ; yesterday, > and
when . darkness : settled down on? the
Elghth-«treet "¦; lot : the i umpire '*.> had to
withhold ' his t decision. \ for ;the'- score
was 3 "¦ all] and the' signs on"; the.center
field.fence wye. invisible.' It "ls;unnecr.
es^a.ry , to state that both 'teams should
have; won,;, but, las 'usual,: bush league
baseball ; was \ played too. often, -v
; ? "At i that v the r game was - a vast :: im
provemention'the^O'called struggle of
the -:¦ previous ; day. -\ Hani I Iberg kept
each . andv every- SeaV away ¦ from-; first
base \ for; five ? innings.! : Whalen,} in the
meantime, 1 ;" found v ; ' the home plate a
hard spot to discern,' and in the second
Inning . the h Brownies came ;•'• together
and shoved 'three over, the • pan 1 . • '•: '
.'Bad; baseball; did Uhls/ for only-two
hits came. ...The * rest) of/ the 1 damage
ixisulted " from :' errors . by Van ; Buren
and :Whalen and dopey .maneuvering
in; left'fleld;.by Mr.iHlldebrand. The
Brownies • neverj'had another y peep-lri
after Uhat' tlme^though : - they V might
have accumulated a few runs had they
known how." " ' ¦ . '
HOW THE HORSES
ARE EXPECTED TO
RUN IN THE EAST
Stolen bases— Ganley. . Dunleavy. Schlafley.
Krrcrs— Smith. McKuehn. Hall, Hogg, Schlaf
ley, Devereaux. -Two-base hits — Freeman. Dele
lianty. "Sacrifice- hits — Delehanty. •- Dunleavy.
First base on error* — Seattle 2. First base en
called balls — Off Hogg 10,- off Jones 4.-.. Left on
liases— Seattle 12, Oakland 6.. Struck out— By
Hogg fi, by Jones 5. : Hit by pitcher — Van'HaJ
tren. Frisk. Smith. Double plays— Francks to
Strelb; Dunleavy : to Franrks to Schlafley.
Passed balls— McKuehn 2, Stark 1. 'Time of
pame— "-Two- hours and t*n minutes. Umpire —
McDonald. '"" ' '•;'*:•'
,- - AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A-
Van . H.cf 8 1*0 50 Ganly, rf 3 ' 1 11 0
Fremn.lb 5 12 4 1 Frncks, s4 1- 1 3 3
Delhty,3to 4 0 10 0 Dnlvy, cf 1 1 0 3 1
Frisk. If. 3 0 0 1 0 SchlHy,21> 2 ' 0 0 2 4
Smith rf 4; Or 0 11 Grahm.lf 3 0 0 0 0
McKhn.c 4. 0 18 3 Strelb. lb 3 0 0 6 0
Hall. : s.. 4 1 ? 2 2 2 Devrx 3b 3 0 0-2 2
Dlmas.2b 4 0' 2*2 Stark, c. 2 0 0 8 0
Hogg, -p."3 . 0 0 ; 1 1 Jonts, p. 2 1 1 2 4
Totals. 34 3 8 24 10 Totals. 23 4 3 27 14
. RUNS AND HITS BY .INNINGS.
Beattls . 0 0. 2 0 0 10 0 0—3
Base,hlts 0*2,2.0 1 201 0 — 8
Oakland ........ 1 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 x — 4
Base hits 0 10 0 0 0.2 0 x — 3
SUMMARY. u ; V/
and. beat 'It to firsts Then everybody
got . tangled*; McKuehn< tried to catch
Jones' at* second and ... overthrew the
base I into~ right- field. ; Jones/ going to
thlrd.:!Ganley'.thought: he' could reach
second, » but was; thrown ; out. " With
Jones -on "third and Tone out . Francks
landed ~ the .' same . kind of a - bunt V' and
Jones | started for- home. • Hogg, fielded
the ball and In. trying to catch Jones at
the, platel threw, over the " catcher's
head,-' Jones ;. scoring. .Francks • kept
right on going; and the. ball wobbled
over the field ln^an effort to nail him at
second. ' The \ result was he landed on
third f base : and - then i scored -on Dun
leavy's sacrifice. 1 The- score:
Seattle— "' : ' ; '"" (Oakland—
As was expected, there were re
versals of recent form, perhaps the
most noted being when Orthodox won
the second race at one mile In 1:38,
making by more than a second the
fastest mile run over this course. Be
cause the second horse. Sidney C.
Love, has hitherto ranked only as a
selling plater, many thought the race,
•though run in fast time, was not a
high-class performance. Damon was
a tiring third, while Colonial Girl, the
nominal favorite, was last, although
under one of Odom's most vigorous
rides all the way down the long home
Etretch. Summary:
FIRST K ACE— Six and a half furlong*; sell-
Injt; three-jear-olds and up:
Betting-. Horn*. Weight. Jockey. St. *i - Fin.
7 to 1— Old England. 109 (Cnnn) 4 6 n 1 1
ttol— Atwood. 103 (Sperling).. 1 3 2 2 h.
10 to I — T Hpathcr.100 «Schlln(;).10 9 3h
Time 1:21 2 -5 Start fair.- Won driving
Winner. T. D. Sullivan's b. g. ta>- Goldflnch-
Queen Bess. Counterpoise. Lord of the Val
ley. King Pepper. Shipshape. Young Henry.
Pat Bulger. Olaf, Monte Carlo. Satchel, Bad
Penny, finished as named.
AQUEDUCT. Nov. 3.— Confined to
much more limited bounds than those
at Jamaica, the racing crowd at Aque
duct track to-day seemed larger than
the crowds recently seen at Jamaica.
The bookmakers' lnclosure was popu
lous and there was a general air of
briskness all about the grounds. Mars
Cassldy's starting was prompt and
pood. The racing was excellent as a
rule.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
Colonial Girl Finishes Last
Seems to Think Monday Af
fair Bears Marks of a Mas
ter Hand at" Stage Craft
PUBLIC ¦ IS SUBFEITED
Seals and Brownies Play
Eleven Bound? Without
Scoring A Winning Run
Are Reported to Be Con
sidering: Another /Meeting
Between Britt and Gans
Negotiates the Distance in 1:38 on
the Aqueduct Course, Beat
ing a Fair Field.
Oe&dloefc Is Unkrokeii
MANAGERS SEEK
RETURN MATCH
ORTHODOX RUNS A FAST MILE
GAY LIFE LEADS
TO PRISON CELL
Handling Bad Checks Gets
I Planter In to Trouble.
LOS ANGEIES OVERTAKES THE TACOMA TEAM IN THE BASEBALL PENNANT RACE
THE SAN^RANCISCO CALL', : FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4, : l»04.
10
FREE FREE FREE
WITH USB
SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Full-sized Package of
ALLEN'S. .
BOSTON BROWN BREAD
FLOUR.
Simple: to Prepare.
Delicious in Flavor.
A New England Breakfast
Free With Every Small Ad
See Smal! Ad ! Page for Further
Trunks and
leather Goods
;-We have now , on', 'display the
v most, complete and up-to-date
stock of trunks and leather
£oods r shown in the market
Moderate prices.' First-'dais
A. B; Smith Go.,
116 EIHs; StreetUorexsests of 5 earner*.
«j«<rrSca cf tl>e foOowin?- cSeers: - Pre*
fide-it. >£- V. ifcQci-r*. Monterey; first
rf ce -.pressds-n:. .Ttootfcy ; SpeSacy. 3ak
ersfield:-" s*jcood : ; Tioe .. pff^sidest, : F. , F.
W<ee*2. 5aa Fraocfsco; . treasurer. W. R.
RobW;Bas#r5Seld:/< s«-rr?tary. : A." H.
Lii^s-nisv E-iirrsirii: aoditi::? cogrrait
te«—W.. H- HID. -T." Ol Terser* J. . Bex>
«*»a Wre^C*«i! ©f Bii-rsScii.
jt x TTPrg^'r-' t i.::r.r»,. Xa-r-J t-^-Tfce Isd*
pe=deat OQ Prc»iseers" areaey was for
zs&IIy orzaiiixed tit* afternew-s _by the
IoJepccdea: Oil Producers Organize.
VCTS — Is ei* *ir.T« exjtaatrsra. cf t*« tii**
ti* wtrS' saw^isr a»5« «r» c*r»3 ts ci* I*ft [
ti=-f es£z-3<£ c=.'i cia «-rrr^«i-r« t&£fs-ef tiw I
cur — r -i* «r -« «^ «orrrr*2r« «j t» Use; si-j
t-eni r** c^£s=. rt-rei ii« !*.« tii* «r-tS*
Cay. vX7«sc »5»fe ti«r» *r» fcss tir»* e&a««. i§
trtsmrZa*!* «ocar». ' Ti* ktbtei c^»«a ' »r» ks
fAW^ -j t&« »crrrfTitfi -i t3* ITrii-Hf Starr*
t t* *~^r*"Y Ot<A"t-»_ «*E*xpc wteu a » — r
en 3tcsiMCc>a«X **a2 «S*a Cc ks>t I
~--t- . ErVl-^ca.' ?•< >«.¦»' |J^ Cr'Jtfi
5ur: 5{ia Bcaa. ASoasiirr, 41?^ isssr*
trsca =*s n«*a »*ui »agr facts. , . '.'.. . '•-.»¦-,
- Br tetzk F.tae. Wrtrts. *1 iajs Cras. £Ss»ar
lh»-y ta T*irSaL=s» 4t* itxrr. . - 1 - . ¦
. £s4-r ¦ TBHaatoir.- ESr4aefct. '!•« <Jaj j Crscx
Cri3rt.Earft»w. .. ¦- -— — — .- ,-•¦"
- fcftr I.i» A f»-^r*^w L - 5 iczr» ini= .'PofsC
* S«fer AiM^, Larson. * -*«?» trstrs EBda. - •
Artiwl X«r J— «?Z5T JCPtSsdJas. 2as=o» Ort SEJ
'¦ SSATTLS— Arrrw^ v.^y "**— ~i' "v X<ir«^»;ii.
i<fs«r» O-t 2X. X«j *— 5E=sr Csc-s** CSSr. fine*
i "LA.J-T1 jr (*z*5T ' T idci, f^S~5 X:c* ; '
- £aB*f X«» I— tte» X*vrssi*s._"5-r. a«s S^»=
eiso* ±3j£ ¦ Ec^ctri-x .-¦ - ¦ ¦'• ' ''.-"
_ CSZS«C2^.T CrrT— Arrix?<i X«r S» * *¦&—
XE'4 PQST B3IAC3— ArstT>%; Xc^r. 3— Sc5r
LtkAk-' ffrooa Cs=?^=«. BSfcer. \ - " ¦ -' " ' ' •-"
¦• DCTEH^BAHSOS— tx-jars. Oef-.2S— &c*ff
Tr=ir*£ S*ar«» Coxat *rii G«ed*Oc fmq —
Tt=» aaj H«£*iS cf ET*i «sa2 L«» Vstcrs
. - 1; J^rt F«t=S. CBISCT tj S4LS. anMJOT
ra 7 ?i5i_*i*"! -T TiTTrit; xTryarizj eC ei»
X0^"i* — Ti* ifxi *r*i* fcw w^t*r> o ft' j ' xs
ti* z-zt Srses O^aBCH-ccrtcs «!barO xiwot 23
—^-=»f» tn«ff taas «s Tcrt Pets:; ti*. i-f- jis
if Cd* fa ti* «J* tttoi-itew.
FHI3AY. XCF7E3C5Zg C !
5s= rt»w -v -".-*S2»
$«s avu .........-.:. ... --•:*;.••
JCxsc rtae» ......«...-..- 2^* «. =¦
» f. r rt. f » rt r i Tt. 1— — -? fs.
? a. -sr, jh wt . - n. ¦ gin
4 f 2^5." LI? •-JP i« ? 2^2!; ' «-« i_*zIC IS
1 t 5-sr ti »:t» i irj »irr. r-r'ucis' 3jO
T f 4:1* 2J»i»i»; C« J:»"— *.*-..•— t .
fH vet S wf [H wj H. W f
• 3 *:i^« i.* sr«> rJ-ii-r* *^»v — *.r
• i !:*»* 4^. 4.**; 2-r-t2=C«3l a.**. «:4S? •.I
i* f rr: ? « < -^t. i •> -- : <•" ** -^> — **i
i ¦ — * 1
Arx» J I>i E-Ter RX3..I 4 fcTOr 2
Ssr-r-*. — t K^aiicii; * 9 laPter IS
iTTaVrea:.- 1 Oarxde g;»» r « i pntPv-r S»
S^t-ii-wiitr Cans E*jr £ir*i5_.{ 5 p-r pj,?-- ,
jl.~=i:u 1 Cua» B. * PX. CTiitJ »=.?!*? 13
Ssrcsi^cr S. I
Vrxzz Anra. Pc£=* a.-h-li I 4 5ta.J*«r J
CtiPta-jiS. T. ¦«-» AaecE.Il* c*P5er 4>
A=n^ I Artaru. & Perrsasil 4 5=a.?t«r n
t Catrsa>i5-. J Oraj» Hi-i> ft 4 r*a,PSer IS
» «. Sar^atrn-l Lcs AzxvSu P<ara.S J pc=.'PScr ( X
! C«=-»Ti»- . .. M^cm AipSa Pcrt3L'l» asx! PVff I»
| X. Tstrm. Hzx&xuH . it: »• Pier 29
f V-**rj-*t — r Se*aie- <incs fir. =. ps«r »
Coses. S-:c=J Pwt».-!X1 «=.Pte» »
J<asi* :. h S^axti® A TacKs*** 3> psrJPNr 2f>
Pcssc-Ea. 1 E=>:4iJs -— .....i2iS>s-?t«. «
S. Ba«3 |S*a Dt«s» * "5"ar.j 9 a=s : «« U
| WotwssAcs 7. A I
Csn»ru* K'laraa P«-rt» "I? *=r=^«r 11
3c=i-a ¦ y^o^cr: * "r*y..t » a=v- Pier 1.1
5*a 5**ir3. n HsnSciit. 1 * jeipftesr . 2
•Xe-ressAer 8. |
( Esrrita. & Ccc* B.J ;P&?r 1*
SsTe=i«r *• I
Dcrtt tCiisa. A Jajus.*..! 1 p- 1 l s iir <»
Arafc EE=.icirlr .-J 9 *=.i»e 2
Ccrss*. ? E«=rSciit li»-.l»« *
!C2S» | : Copt:13» Rtr-r f * pa-'ps*- r
; St Dcda-.-tiCra?^ Eirtcr f 4 set: Pier »
C. XcJaca-. J |£» -»Jsr»i«« Pttr-». r - 2 scr'Ptw 25
3T- i e_a.i«T IS. fi . I .
' 5Se=r» T 5Ti=»T * 'W»j- Pta' 2 yts/p*-- 7
X«»t^:t i^<Qr«-rt Hirtor < sesfPbn IS
i G. tJtaliaK^ 2EU* Eirta-r * 4 jaiVr 2
! S*r=d»-.-.| WTua;* Eiriw ~| 4 cc. : PI«r 2>
Fsx-a? J P5- An=av A A2tas| * pet Pas? 1
£t*» oC C*I« £«a Dtier» * WtyJ 3 xsr'PSsr 12
CItj- Pwii»? P«T« Sarsi Ptets.rn astTPler »
Cor.« Eay.. 5 ?»* P«fr> A Wii-.C » xa:?i«r ri
X»ra-a^...ii E;-a. A- 1 fpUr
: Jlsxz*£*=s-- I X.--T. *rta JLa»aan:...I2 3= fpvr *»
*.— -¦¦"!¦ p "»f»*m"f t "or Pci.i» «i-^. jj
; XtmssJbar IX f f *~
Ca-=5t>-. j Aai-rfct jfc Pcrtixaga aac.-.Pig «
PEOM HZATTiS. - . ,
- Stwrw. fJirtMrfcir. - f S«3».'
I Cfer St»s*ie-- f Eiay»U' A W'jty Pcrt»_-7Cia»'. 4
I I^Zrruso. I 533*-»*j- 4c WTay Pacts. ' ICanr. T
i. Ctecttr* C£7. I £'4cm^^nr * Wjy PB3t*.rS£a«-.--- I
. Ber-i* J Corifcf !=£»» 4V War Pt»:Xdw. 1»
1 E3=iictSS » S1fc*:r»*x & tTsr Peru-fX«pr. 11
I ?*=*a Asa F gg&toru A "Ctr Pcga.j'Xgr. ;$
SHIPPING DiTELLIGEXCE.
3£i*»».r Iaf»-rrt
¦ cg-ur XsrtSjaaf. i*L-a3»»sa. - «3 tosHx*"- Crass
A«tgrS»;'to >¦ lit fee- £«s T*&ix.-gm. ts to Siaii
f*M»=ic*r«- ¦ - . ¦-.
Strsr gi -»«-' Et-xs. II* ici=r» fcss* BeS
£ssrr y«wj«t. CtersS:*. * iccrt flraa Plj
ecs Peer-- ¦ ¦ .¦¦:¦ ¦ -
5tasr Xa£i*=al €Ssr. K»arr..ar. li fccizi-y fcecx
Furt Etttj.. ' ...; ... i.>. - ;
Seag- -»_i- ri« 2. Eajsnvs. *i bscrs tas Cc
y » ¦¦ > f EStkt.
I ££s=r ?>¦£=£ Arrra. SCCmr. 15 bn-s £ress
Sc-sr Ct«* E*T. L^tirii. Eta Pfcte*.
j*ttt X-rrtSiitaiS. JjttSr^gg, S»a P*Sr^x
¦ £c-tr Chfcr-xifti.- Etocas. ParSaxd ami AJttrt*.
BtSBT £!»aj!lv E«a<s. So* PeiSns..
i-.-ir Ejanu.'xaa. Jc&EJtoz. P«:r-._i=ii_
S6bet » r — r r WTiiajet ¦ ?*2Ces Arsaaw.- ' . • - ¦
Scar W3ia»e»jr3t yr^inririsac. Ga^K-.»ecii.
Stair Pcnae-, 'ASfiSac-Pftfes. Ar^os* «&£ AZSmc-
Stair Bsn=»Trt*i. EEsUwn. Fan BStajCf. • ¦
'¦ 2rty "X <ii trwts. Ft^jwcc Eaci# H*rt«r. r
' THr^SCSAPHIC- '
• POEXT UOSOS, ' X*» ' 3C t«V- » • = r —T<r*a.z^tT
-iT7- wia»i X*X: * siS^b per^iacr. .
CMCE^TSO POSTS. . ' --¦•'
rr»rv-T',«co-; rt=ir Ssn P»iriv i» Sis FrvrctKe-;
stnir Pcszissa. tts *r*s 3*r*i<iihrs. -
¦A-ri*«i X*r 2 — Fjttt. Rater Ax arjr>? ?C*r I;
¦carr 'ArrtSe," 5*ac»- 3ftw 2. ¦
SsS** X3T.*— 5tsr ••: Socri ; "Z*J. 2x S«a
AirtT*! Xar 3 — €ca^- . P&EecrjL ft«cs» Xaw r_
¦"'PCbSTT : HAP^OSV^tihtf'. liar - i— cC=r
.. ASTORIA— £*£teS X>«- 3— Se=» Can. 1K-.SI-
rtni f^r- *a«ea.t tr tarter ta Esrrrpe *.: S» li.
Ti* IP— -'•* r i*rk GcienrBrr zcxtiiia t» C2*
r ¦-¦-¦« o Sc*i a; !• ' *<r far C=ite< ia «r
CTurigrg.
TCX 'JTXEE OX CAXTZ-— Ti* am
six >c-=r*s «5 e» Satri Pit* ftOae: »*3
5,. (e Das»_ T5i» «»TP.*?.y Mis? Ls=sl> &-r»*
»^.-» *p ¦¦¦ ¦»« «f ESaaSaL"" -
Sfc- «y— - Wr«S*52. 'Braxsia. Xastisaoi.
Sc=sr G»!» lowest*. 'ISkSew. Seast;*.' ¦ * -
- ¦ / - - . Ttcr*!*?-. X«r X
Xiitntjsa Cassra-ST- . . * -
5c=3- Ccrsca. G!ai«r, EtertSa; PlsciSe C:iLfS
«ir*-»-T.»ft«j. Ccnr^arr-
Scix J.r--«es5f=«^ LiziiAi-^ CC-ps«r-=a ?«"»-•-:
P LttSrSir*. .
- Tbe case w» ccntirssed till this af
semoon at - o'clock. wh«» ii ij ex
pected tfc* depcty. sheriC with C3eors»
1^.- CJaytcr.' ttte . "d#fatdrta^ vbess,
wSI have arrfv^i froa , Sodsbyrin*.
TT3o2isi2=e Cocnry.
¦ ¦ a E3sri*r of ¦ witnesses were - «x
ansla^d. bos tfcetr testirso-gr was abost
tie saia? as at the pr*CiaKi
ary.hearfa?. 6ae of then. Mr?- Mar
s-3er8ts Xisrsan. refused to -testify tin
she '•ras asas=r*d that ber v fee w^oaid
be forthcorsiES- The nzoreiaests of
the" def *ndar:*; frc=a the trase of th*
shootis? till 'his arrest ia.feis roost'on
lltKca '."street 'were "acccratsly" d-s
scrrb^d. ..-¦¦--*¦
Tt* trial ¦ cf Hirry R&islLZe oa a.
chars* of .nsnrggr * for shcodas: aad
si!Iis.r Andrew RD*y at NisUi ir.-I
Fotsous streets be the niomJss of
jtK» I* was rensjaed ia Jads* Coojc'3
cotsx yesterdsc 1 "- Ttse lu^ts wife of
tie (ieferaiant sat tn co^rt Jess, be
feted-!r£=i- llosc.cf the tfrne $h-» aer
raosly clasped *^ cactsaited b*r
Laz-re Xambcr of Vvi-.c<s-« FT7t-aifn»d
for the S£a£e at Hi> TrtaJ cs
Murder CtiAJgc.
I ILMKXITFErS YOUNG UlfE
* IJSTEXS TO TESTDIOXT
feet t&e 1 1- • :* -£*. xrriTaj :r tie £sca»
rtea=*r Ht.-j..ttftt. ftrcta Ebtsc*. aJaa tC tie
PxstSr TfiT Q=#r 3C*=cS=rt*. frus tie Orte=S.
A .X*^*Srt» rsr«I Priac* trcciiw sf ¦ G» 3C
ixii. «f Xir^es. wt-i !==aer*i£» s=Jt». wt3
bt cs i ¦ . :t ri ti* User.
I"a«ir si. ; t in-ltT LaaSea x=if r-«.i7 £ar sea
Tt«7 »=* ti* A2s=*. 5c«-~»i 3ts«-r». W-ecj^^
Ti* PadSc A3 t»x=a&f> A-jt;c rrr. ca*
3"»tarlay *^s=i ciu^.t. SxSe-i ta- *rrfrc »•"{
«e: pr-rftaifr ens* ts pen ti=» necainaj.
Tie- stat=>rr Gty cf Pin. iS »*2 Ssr Pas
1 — j. x=--i wij pcra Srraa. tie P*etir lti_: 4ac»
ta-iay *t sxi.
X«it TatsJiT «2 fc» a C»«i7 ti=» ca si*
Water Fross Xoces.
Dcmmitd Wotaaa S«*» Brother.
T^artfay » wcsr.ff.n dressed ta d-»ep
cccrcisr a=d ' apparently den-e=t^i
appealed to Depcrr Eeal^i O^s:
Lery to help her £=d fee 1 tal?y
brothsr. Alexander DosseDy. The
,c=23 wacted the d«aih reccris
srarcbed, thfaMrx the baby ni?ht
fcave t*ea bt^ied nisder another =a=ie.
She foOcwed a fsseral to a church
on Wed=-sd2T a=d de=a=d-d that the
casi*t be op»a«d. b=t the. c=dertai*r
Ti+zsed. sxtvss -' **-* bod ? cf an
old lady. The tro=aa said the -widow*
o' her bab^r brother to bow nxarrwd
to fc«r ex-taabaai whose < -• eagte fa
C©r-?=2C. CeJraaa. ehe said, refused
to csl* to t«r aboct the- irattrer asd
«»«» irMTT a ccrsspiracy *» ca foot to
tret rid cf her baby brother. Lrry di
reeteoTfaer to the oSce cf tt* Chief cf
Mice.
Acx 1*. .C&. -•xr ;*>. U; IT 19 X. baor US Z.
¦*»;-!„ t>i;-''r T,a«il izii uan~3 esr*f5er- ciT»
&>*Rr. Pas £ri» Tcfciarra S«re ? !ir ;»•;*£-»
X wtais t^r tas •ia^i Tisesm ts pen iaJ ns-
Cms; S: K»-Vr ijti e."u»-Lj6y.
Ttey w*rt^n»sJ •«; *-rf ncr-wi c* Piysc
Se-x»S <tt esai3 *=«S «tiar bcatsx A axw erf*
¦a* *££pe*<Z- cccEfrsiS!?: aea ;i.:i»>; a? cr tis
iiBM^. s^:« of tiKa V"-:tcir Bs> t2« «=-•
5ci^caii». wi3«i «u !U! np f?r tie -rtsztc.
*S «mr. TS* «it= '»» rr *<* :~ C<sj£ier it tar
WanSaa Tompklss. Uuoim of SCay*
\Va? Beady to Cxecxtte the Ooo
if^" "'* J 3Cuztsercr."
Leoa Seeder, csdsr ie=tf=oe to i
fcsiured at Sas Q^riSs Prisca far t2x
mrder d his tect2ssr-to-law. Jos*pi
Bliise. carrora^y escaped befag exscst
ed tr— iix — the date crizfaa£y »ez *~~
the hassfas— threes^ »c=» «rr=r ta
the Scperfoc Courta. He specs TK>i
=esday d?h£ fa the -o(r-ifT*-.TV-rt eeTT*
»~^ yesterday "Warden Tc=^it=s
sest c=t fa-rtzartcst 1st- the execs-
Sc=s*Jxjdy rtiir-r-r to be a Ir»T«r^»
cierk teSsphc=ed to the that a
stay had bee=- srazted last Assist.
T~— ;>•>-< replied that he had recsrr
ed so fastrcefcioss to that eSeet azd
proceeded with gtrepararV-Tm far tha
*xrc-=u : =_ O= the 3 o'deck boat ye»
terdar a dsvszr frcs the cSce cf the
Co=rT O-rk of Saa Francisco tped
to c j^ QceztSs with tie iocszxst •*»'
riT* Seeder a iey^ie. Tie griacr^r
was tatrr: frtr=r the ccsd«=cd ceS.
where he had spe=t az a-zzSoes eres«
;--•- - : » : r-=-f Csxnb of ci* bcOicxd
cr-r^j* ;> <— 7:*— - t«>j-^ ¦->.» irtz exrrr
Ti« Jswjttre w^2 txie *r^s: tirw «i*? a«x
t> r«£Sfnt U»' Sassei^ «*Os fcx tie c=t td«
la tie ors*2- Tfe» «3c7C«r cS tt* *»rSi»
3C*cy S*ei ec ton- psc«Et trty ¦»!-& a 5*rtr ci
»ti«=-i»-* tras tie Citwtitr <£ CC^ctia.
FBEPABXS TO HAXG SO ED EH
BECAUSE OP A MISTAKE
Is ia» bee= I'Tacctga tt r-~. -.. . yi tial O»
i er— *r cT e* '*''— f *-— 11 «c5cc=cr f*»j .-' '.¦«»« re
: fey ts* r^«--i ».
Seal Raid«r« Sbot
CC*» «r^ t» Eeaeft EerVar. ml utrrl-x ts
'ASi rr-xxts «*r* t=hi taltt oat »txr*. Ti?
Eaijc-i Ta-s^- tie earlr ArctSe Sc* auai w*s
c-o=eri»rxiiT rfrci*J. Eer rsi^er «js£ «=« —
*er* taiy A»-r»r*«. Ti=-«r»rT r<7^=s »«r^
=aJ« aj^i »£¦ w»» esiiiri -j rs*rft Dc=-a
fcj.r*«r-. Ti* Cta-iaa Rj— trn -rCrscsra ti
TS* ec«i £s=a -5S"»^i. sa0sr«£ a«
-a'jTi-i. rwe=ir trsfe» iooe* t=ii a»<iia ¦EEtBt
gt>d «s tie t**-i a>, ».tct «-¦* tf fce-
Whaler I* Ice Ptacted.
SAX FSAXCCCQi, X«n=i«- J— & 3. as^
r*rxrsr«s urs- reccrtaS iir ti» srerirc* ityr
Bk-c t*_*>Xrir Tcr» .56-tS
j »7!rz.-MJT» *t.I..I W-i: ; rtrutcri I.._«S-44
f E3»ri=ar -*ivn*«2_ l«s3t» «s^-to
I JiciaocrrJSe rj^fa r«y»<^*-^-~n ifi-H
sax ra.orci3Oj .: es-sr
Ti* f -Cb»4-ue *r»" t2« »«!»crTB^ -ar-ifUHif t»
* 1*K „ Tt±» l*«t
i rin£2-ca — - i* Susrr. ¦ f^u,:r. 5*t«:=.
- 2=tm^. ...^......i •.#» . -5.15 -.~->*_3»
•asii 2£=s #.c«» ».ts : --¦¦ .-t*
; jinswao «l««> *.**--- .12
; SA3. Fnacar* •.<*> r.i; . .. -,u
yr-*»» ..*..-.!/ a.«4 .•:?>
1 I^it^tcjittz/Ttt .-. .*.d> .47 _et>
I Sia Ij=1» Ot£»jtt «>.«»» 4.O i 1 -_C2
»Lc« A=«*>» ».Cf> 1.LS -O
; £*a Dvsr> »Jitii : I* .*Z
TS2I COA=~ E£CO2Dl
! ~~i —^^^ —^~ 7Z 
; -^» -- =? 5
er^nass. \ %\\\H f- ?
|EUar J3MS 5* S 5S Ctar 155
;CirNa 30>.«S M S E Car t»»
I E>=r»i* r».*r 5* . *s - Far - vt-aor -«•>
|77aa» ii.'jj; <-i ** £S C**r .<t>
is i.E. rarfcTrra ».»« •» W ~ Pt.Cirj- .CO
I ruxrujr. rj.5* a » e ¦ cv»r .«•>
S ?S«-j -»ry» ».M M 2* 5^5" C*ar .C»>
a Isji-j-cjiecioe jH'i.-'Xi (> C C C£ear .»>
? Lo§ Aiy!it»..23>.»* r* S2 . "5T Clear -€•*
JKi Tx-raijai^rJ^a- CS ' 44 S3 CS««tr .«>
II >"Ttt "¦"¦¦? —» »•» «h SS S CiasSj- .«>4
i ?*lc*=ix =»-.*r «i 5* S Clocaiy .«*
pit. E*iw L-_r>j}«> « i: ntst pt_Q£7 .<•?
* Partita! 2».*2 «l» *S Sir C**r .<»>
8 S<L&rtzi*iz*a .-.2»JM C» *4 ?2 CTjaa- .»»
|Sft£s l*k»-....'JS>>^5- 54 3>* W ' 'CI«ar .t»>
i' -*a. rnaeEK-OL^lu** <«S KS X CTietr ¦ «H>
P f«J= Ete&y . . .t»-«* C*- *> *»¦ CVajr .©>
I ~«a.r-i» ¦SfSf* O 3«> XS C6na*F !?
I »»nft i»r 3*.I* CM- 3? £ CVaa- .««>
ETfeasoaa ».*S *4 3>> S CtiioiSir -3>
;. w*si. ja-.e* c« *» 5 C5s*t .<•>
H Wki=«s=a-a.-.2J>.C>t CT'It X Cl**j- *«>
8 Team S>.C g 34 S^T Ps.O;rjr Tr.
I TTEATE2S COXUmOXS AXO jIXTT-lxI
FQHECAST-
T5« tarn-nawr U f^rTr-x ncf<Sr xSsttx t2»»
j> «r ti*- Ctnrawffla, • cs&ss SViiaj aoi jcssiiij-
S =ar»» 9cssiT»»r*. ¦-- " -
i ;ckuz]; ¦tassa :war3fcx» *rs £lsz£33*<* *z
p Esrtii- ¦.¦....
:i F«rsca>»t sstii* 1; Sc Praasiici* fcr tiiny
J tocr* «aiisx ailiaistl X«^resii«3- <i
• wtait
si^stifftra CaI"J!rs±» — CtooSr F^r4iir. *c»-
J silJiT; «Sa»-!r» riiisj- EiiSs; Sruft aoxiiirtr
X-«TXif* — CSc-ai!- Fta&T
i Ejss As3?£» »aJ rtrfatrr— «ncary Friiij-;
e 5*awAty j^a«»er» FrSity m«i£; £rss& toa.z>-
I eriT ¦fl*iT-« • ...
\ i*i=ri=ieet3— CSsofj- Ft«»j-. wet j£je ¦¦<->:
{ trtai sctrri***; »t*£. - - - * ¦
I «ra»BO— CSmiijr FSiiu; cirsftaiiy «ftu »¦»!» ir
¦ zLizz: trts'2. *csR!r.*i*rtT - ytag.
A. C VeAIfl^.- Etfsri--: 3"ar*c«««r.
*3C. Tix din <- ".t c *v »*¦¦« w-n fcrrsejii tsii
J»-it laare sifit ta & **¦¦ i**-^<»» O^O
6*r ». airr-^ tTre-rr-Sxe b£* «c«r-i-»«t Irsa
«jr«r. Tie «ci*>-s»-r rseeewJad ta
Lozsber Scbooaer D i«ablecL
bctc&ers «ittMfa Car=e=*s EaU
last nl^ht. arad the sebjed cf co-cper
«ive «cr« «5^*|/ t i^ 1 S^ e j[
bad u»«=. «cc=-riis2i*i tr co-oeserastye
r-^r^o^a withra the U«. to=r =c-il-5.—
£z=« to e>«te the=^r«. Tb*
jsirtets establisiKd in CtaVTu-ri. h*
said, hav« feeea a ?re*r «-»». a^
*rT^ p*tro-ri»i ai=c«t
-w^rii^r-zsea. who S« toofi C*»C5 a
rea^esaiie prices aiai al» * share fa
-lisil el«cad Frasi STeeser. W. C.
Start D. Hcrtoa aisd D. Altsrn t» rss>
re«=t it at the co=i=* co=v«:smsi cf
th* AoerScaE Federa-ica cf Laisor.
The ex*«T=t5re boani cf ESectrical
TVc-tiTS* Usis= Ka «. aftax i-rT«^rai
tiss the charges acsirsr A. EL YceQ
thS be had eabKiIsd t» cf czica
fc-xL;, dadar« the st*tes=e=t filw-
This a«2ca wa* ra^fisl tT-.* g T*w
eskts tc» at the list =se«fas cf the
J I* D«Tie Addie«s Andiace on
Advazua^es «-* tl * e Co-oper
i*ive Ptzn.
PoQee BqmR That W. W. SSrwazt
Was Adsaslaed by WiTin Prats
ta Laxtcr's Resort.
Polic«=s«3 Hzrf asd S=ili baT» rs
pcrtitS to CSief Witrsaa thai aa at«
tati was mxzzlr =ad« on "W. W.
Ea=s Pratt ©T Prati & TJerser; pst>
prfeicra c£ the Orlenta salocn. *1S
M23oa street. A i Licijic i ia »ai 1 *. a
Lit* been the Tticea csed at aa
earfr has? Monday sacrnis?.
Th* cS»n reined aTtsr b*
fc-S fc£or=3*d c? tia arracTc ti«r Treat
to Ssevzrt's rocs=s 2.- i iz—~i r.;— >
cc^£=««S to fci* b«<2- H^ «j« a=3 £ace
were t!acaa=-d aal s»oC«=. He was
icidsr tJie car* of Dr. W. C. Sehlsj.
Stswxrt toH tha= lie did net »i=t
irr po^Ld*T. b£2 »* soca as hs s=t
weD fee Tcdd ~2tt- =A=«r* hl=se^:
Frre of SceTrart* s fr«*sds to^i ti» of
£c*rs **r»T rIi«T saw Pran jrrrQce 5t«»
art wi*Ja a >••»-->> -y ir ; vw ii=i oa
ii» Jaw — h? n h ¦» was oa the £acr.
Owt=jr to Stewart* s at^Sde so arrest
Pratt has been *=i=e=«d to ap
pear befsse — * Pel!o? Cc=£ss2o2«7S
next "W«£-ie9day '?j*,t to "show a=M
wiry bis Ec«=3ie shocld not be rertik*«l
ia cc=*dso2 wlzh his ac*io=s ta the
fat-rest cf Thsnaaa Thorstsa- aCss
CTBries. a rcrsrfarss r: -irrocir-_
SALOOX-KEEPETR ACCIT5ED
OF l^ECG A BLACKJACK
ADV ? 3IS S'^^ Si™**
TO AfiHTTE.
Stcksae. > g*ra-r ( Dot
ZL=a.i«-i ; O»ysin* Eii^r ;Xrr. i
«•»?>-•« - N«-» Tcrt Tts. ATTtai.. Xjt. 4
vaiie • &a*x> & Tiaasa. JXjt. •«
fcii ?gJr»..- Ht3E£»3uis .^£J« r . *
Frr-rr* : : Ex=i»iis - :X-*. *
****•*-?— *»i» ¦ * teastie .«.. ..._-'Xiar." ?
Bxl-a. : N«w^cr-: A W»x Fectj^iX<a». *
y» •*%•' ~T* r ' —^ -•-— » ..Xjt. _»
<"ir:ii;j .J" >jc PeSr» i '3C5T. "S
g.-ST. STtf.— .. »=n^-xi Jt A«3rS«. OCtt- S
S- Sartarx-..' Cnr* HxrScr _ X^t. 1
OS.*. *:^» ' CnirEirtcr ........ . Xrr. 2
Al^«£4e j PrrtJuai i Sfu F«c-3. Xrr. i
C-. I.. -Cii.fr. - :-ri.j t Hxrtor ... X:r. 4
Xewtary ' Gr»T» HXztar Xjt. 4
Ctics <~--^--"-*- Err«r -.. X-jt. Z
N*r»iti. tt -.-¦-.¦—^-» a g«a-irvf--:y-rr. r
Ctzr partita ?=rr. ~c«=.i ?JTJ ;Sw. I
£-j^e <ag Cxi— rfcr ZK«ri A W*j Pa.Sjr. I
O-L';u*-. --.-- Hit :¦:«:: ............. Xc^i 7
=«>-noui ;' W;~Tn;a Eute :X«r. -I
Del ScrM • Ciwuts: C*j- ....;5ji. •
ii«=aii» Ka-rac-r * «"*T PareiXsr. i
Mx=gj£xtta...- Cfr?a * Jt^as X*r. «
Coot Ear 1 Saa. Pwirra- A W*y Pta>.:S.i». «
Pffia.. » P«r£ A-vra A Aiataa.'X«r. «
Jjtjj ' Esl ElT«r Per-3 !x»r. *
Aroa 1 Cc<s» Eay 4 P«. Orfari X-jw. 9
* — — ¦— - » 5>iarti» . ..X«»- 9
Ef»-iJcTrs2ar.. r : Cev E*jr J
C^T=- 1 m * s^C^s^Z A A*ta±» 'Xsr. 1»
rttit Attx*.:} aCfTiVarr-q, & Ptl Ars=a,"Xcr. I*
5a IE* P-ai» — ! S*a Z Mtf> * 'W*? Pat X«». 1*
E»rr»c«!3=a 1 X*» T«rk rf* Aiosa. X.^r. 1>
Xcrti Fer* — ; . Eaa-iciir X«r. U
CS^tir- .- . csisa *a£ Ja^as -Xar. IS
Xrc3.rrrn .* I*arK. Ksai yaa Xrr. 1;
"jfi:=.i: ! Pj-'-a-rf A A**3c». 'JC-s^r. 13
*!-»-»*<-¦ -.5 Easc£3Sa . [Xa* 1i
"W'eaiiier Rrrort
-^;»i ti r*ii tiff RsMTa- ««»i -rocer-jet
— -at t*a~ pert t.j Jtil»-»y T««^->*« 5^^
s» E.s-c£="-^ Ti* Kr2»ia ta* 4i» t-x£K«-l
j>li=« «tr*r«. -»*o ¦srd t- tra=rrtrr*l ti
'* - :a - : ~'.:: CftTT. f&e w^3 t&(9 r> t»
Xxi* frfa-M*. w**r» bit taCn sa»s mC cc»s
a-.^»«Jj <rf rr«t9«» »--l s* test rrr be-
Osiseof the BcSaio.
=*= — »««i- «-:-!." «*-*s tie n_->;r yrgfr£ij
¦ *f 2 * = aE3e cs»l3g cr»r tie P*a£Sc
Si.» js?: .tiia sri A=rs*c 33L <-»~'.i- r Us*
..• • i-t «i± CStcst IsUciI. *cr:a» rv»' '.'.y 5^ a
2=-sr-ti »x-*r%- Tie «fe>ect «r tie 3=T«i.;*
sa^ xz ti=» jlaise «a ej >«ra vs«ti»r *=y
A=j-r-^tr -w- -i &*± r?-r«-U3- rxifcsi or *--
OIXVG WiTE A XTFHCON IX . I
TES CHIXA STJK.'\ '. \
Er*aea Hj-rrig:"i*J!a» C<Sse. C. 5- N-, HUt-
Tfci-» BalL
Xz is liccxir cjm crs^r cT -i« O£fa w£3 t«
fcr=c«i; t> Sis Frvryp so. »c£=- Ost» Ets
*ai v* " CSas — "- - ««•«• iii r^iier »*•¦< ?c .4 —
*zil arrrnt-i m^iJr *; Ctalii Eirtcr.
<Tisca. f:r ~.ui Frxaussca.
ESTOX&C« —^Arrrr«i Xsw 5 — £c=r Csr-r».V,
, Cj*.ui ~j-~-*-» Bantam.
: B22JLEXOHJLJZ — c*S«f X^JT 3 — S£*S. J*Xiix
SJLXT"Jl 3JLB3ASA — SaSe; S*» 3 — S=rr 3c
s&a Sar Sms Fnifftro.
VCBr EaAGG-etSei Xrr *— «=- itini-
SeSi. Sir y**~*T Crgeifc.
rLLSDT rT>:v^:v — a.-:h«I Xav 3 — ft=r
VTT ? TCVf<^_ Sn?"*!! &R -I — ?***¦? EiTii
TATCOtS — Puw-i <3Bt 3&jr 3 — eeir "OT H
5=^^. 5ta Par-; E»Ceci. S*s Fraaefaea.
?3jiS»i te Xaw 3 — Sssc r *-— »»**"— t«ac» X*r
1 S^-ar Vi-5.3rt*_
EAX DISCO— Arrtr*S JCc?r S— Sctr W 2*
Al.VZOX— S*£*£ Kcr V- £5=r CWSa, £ar
POHT EAOJLCOX— iaCed Xsr 2-Snk
X*=h» N*s=iii. t3r Pit: -Ji^iC*.
POST EI^S2Z-ET— A-rtr«C ?£rr »— Scftr
PC-5JT pr » arr<?"v-.<«'*«' X'*w 3— Ststr 2&
~**a. ¦ "jr 5*= FiTE=c£«ec-
I52-tS-> POBTTS.
ICAXIUt — A-Ttr»» Xcr 2— 3r C=r lat*-
trsci X«tt Tcri.
M.OCATT-SU— A-rtrrf On 39— Sir* «T B
* EOXOEA-LC— cJl>a Xt«- 3— £t=r ' 3£tc
c^rr^2». •* ' ~ 7 Nw y *i** i* ' "* 3
Sii.r,ra^irf. far £*=. P<tO=^.
2TST!* TOHS — A-Ttrwi X^r 3— BS- «=¦ Ltfv
tiie- CuO. £-«ss ::x:it=i
FCrtSST'SX POSTS.
. OJU'.V — S«Ccf2 Jfaw t — sisrr rhftf. fcr
Ke^r Tarfc
Arrt»«i Kst 1 — Sessr J-Jr»=»e. fresr Xr»
Twrfc
laCEirE— i=. rort Ccs. t5— Seta- 4*1 ¦ ».
iar Hjcc»=£r-
Arrtrei Cr« 33 — Or «*— -— X?s«9. Croat C&-
E-Ot3"TEi>— £a jcr: Crt 3>— Er »it? TSSfC*.
fac S42. Fn^-^-*-r Br *ii5 P»«xsc*. Cce Esc-
PT-TJ — A— rnw* O-t 3— ?t t«r3t ITxrn-fr*!
; CIH2.VI.rAR— PisswS Xn 1 — Er tt=r
S**t5.-T-ki*. rrx- Bar £
, KON'SK-jXG — ««firf Xow I — ar ke: Tir
; sar-. ;=r Vi-so-mt.
r-X^_v>:-A SAT — c*i>d Xipt S — Ea-rt. £t
I ?¦»—*¦« £- X*»cnt5iw_X S W
I xsrar toes— arrtr*; x* s— s-=r c«£-sw
" - 5i£5sJ X*t 3— Sfc=r CretSc Set Xijte*; «=rr
¦ ta SssTfe. £ar E*rr*-
I G22f«X% — A-T*x«Bi Xtt- 3— SSssr - BfpsKar
! fc-rtn: N-*ir Tocir.
' HAltK -L' i»3 — JUrrrrwiJ Xirr 3 — tor I>w.J»Lii--
Ea=>i_ -*?itt. X«w Tir*.
i XAFL£5 — i^^f^jrf X'C 1 '" 3 —^jtttt P? r Ti I ¦ AM-
S<rt» fcr- X«t Ttri.
I Car X*» TcrtL.
UVSSPC<?£< — Arrtroi Sx S— £t=r Tstr
j t-iiic. trsa. X-r» T*ri-
KrTiTTta aad Her Crew
=» CTaFanrira. ascoce tfea» ti» itj» 31.-
I*=r^. vrw S3 ter »», t* t*i» e*t» Sa.i
««•«. Ti* T«u*k *»» ax rti-ij O ss3 S=r
=*= *>»*sjoo-. t« £<:? emr »*-«—'.•¦'»•« ;^r
* >=»3 .r.- tt w*» i- aarrrtr. Tie ayfi
=«^ '~> mZZ. t*=~- <%£ vi, arrr* ta p*y ti* sas.
"— *=>- ttey w^si «sicr» ¦ **a tiair =aiaij-
rrrt^* E»rtcr eszjSxx d a. Kact. a esti yxr-i
«^i * x^iir^ *ii tie 2ras ifi -* a! & r.— j
¦¦trssr w«r« **t~^~-*—T t» Sti»- <Ji:-j»s Sr3=
Cs* Arroc. tct tier r» ui-.r* ajri »>-»r b
m. «*IJ3- tit.i; c=:t : :•: l» i3c»»ri ta.
A m» err* fa- tie if.-r.^ — & ¦ w%t -iA*i
S* ._. i xj> ts TV*.* gr-»»-i» fj^- ti» ¦»t-u?r*
¦»"ni. iSese =*=.' as* £*rk irts *¦*¦ »vf-»* -^ «=T-t
wave* aid si* be?aa to !«ik
tirc^*li !feer c&sz seusk " Aidr<J to til?.
tie ta;zsri25 of t£«s ¦ se&s it fc^ to*?
*trt?5*d ti* cc;-5«r fr«=r "the fcxy^rd
¦p*rr-of ti^ ;2&sS.aal. the Rasa, was
'arced ta rca for. tl*e»=<ar*sr port. T»-
Jcot4L=a- Ti.#?« the vesseJ vraa vssxls^i.
- -— *? -- *• — / ¦ m hAJp««4MVC* •* t<. , C ¦ ¦ 1Tw
' -- ~ "- ~— « e—--
T£* 3rf-±-2: tart Res* c&=* t=Lto this
port y-*t*rdAT, S= ba^ast. *1 c*jz fro—
P^r-i^ti ard 49 days £re-=s y r f7'.t— ¦
O= Acr=st a. la lite ChI=JL Sea. sl»
rxa Irt» t £*rrar Ct» £*y«' typSsxra.
Everi:>*-g «u secured fcr '£i* pi^
a=>2 the- t*rk pot trsdsr s-s ettfe cas
txs *s yessfbis. -Tie ve*se! wissieered
before ti- wiirf «ii oec&stassSy • sir*
sn=<^iwi grfer fc*r* pol-es_ Bciry E-rfct.
t£* cznaet car* wt* ~b>--> to prevent
h-er frers fcrryirM-g to. to which case
ah* wo=2d have -ca* ca'hsr l»ai-j *2ds
tin si* f ocnisrsd. . . .- ¦%.:
v> ith s. T l >^« castios. ' tb» - cxptaln
cw=i2 n^>c i-rij t&e feaci- Cress BtndBH
1=« a=iii tie vs,?t*-ct cf tie wtid wt=*i-
One of the Whalers
Caught in Artie
Ice Floes.
CHANGING ACREW
Long Ocean Cruises
of the Buffalo
Finished
BRITISH BARK ROSE REACHES PORT
AFTER A STRUGGLE WITH TYPHOON
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALU FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. 1901.
Per CUpperzoa I>Iaad.
Son. >Iooa and Tide.
Mexaoraada.
11
5
Skin Diseases
$~iJ£,*J ilv
3t d-r^^ ti^ .5-
' -*¦ — - ¦ -*¦ _ » i^ , M * j 1 '-' 1^ «y*v «t v
prrss*^ c= Frse TriaJ Settle*.
' . 0 - «'«¦»-
6 ? O P: t->=« Street. K. T.
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
PositiTcly erred with Dr. Hal-
pnnaer's Wcaderfnl Medkaoe,
*cr yt>=r rrenry rctrmec. Price,
50c asd $1.00 per bcttlc For
• sals by all dealers a^d at crace
cf Halpnmer Medical Mfg. Co^
23 CalifbrrHa St^ S. F., seat by
=*il cr express. People ozred
free of charge frep 1 to 4 p. ra.
Is Tour Bead Gear?
If ziat. it is probably the faalt
of ycer Live and vec need a
• o.u'iectiT'C icu xnit foe sur-
prtaed to sec h<rw q~ickl j yocr
hrg:~. will clear and new r-rrxh
better ycz. ccz. tgr>*V ?-* u^" faVf--g
Beecham's
Pills
S-* V? ?? **¦ .• " ? *- H"X"* y*. » — *
.Jrrsrr DR. JORDAN'S okztJ
tfGOStBS OF gh'STOBY*
0 rSSl ~*^"«'-«- ¦» -*•= Cms £k. ,u O
; : J^^ J =2- Cf ta
«* « j § • S4SaU6I. MM3 Mil. Uf
"'
EVEFY BLADE VftRBANTED
? 2X£tIV5 S^XOTHO flUSHES
C=rca aCe£dxsCaeD<7, Oi? c 2 D«yt
BRUSHES g_^^^
"''» 7^ * ' ' **T. lac* Il^ct. cm.
•<-«;>*"**• t3U'-r-)cf«r> *2.=xrs. irrri. ess.
BU a^AT ZZOS,
a Dr. GIbboa ? a Dispensary,
-~-*r» tfc. Trr h.-r\ • "^
:.r. J. t.oICSOS. Mi ?:*.-:»*- Oi
OCEAX TRAVtX-
" ' /S&£S&}\ w**rrt» «^«r» t Kid Hi.
.- - - ¦ -jru. v»a«33W»r. P^rt Tr»awoit.
BWEO*. -a- ¦ ¦ E.«t«-t. Sctrti BtCzzxxxsi.
SI, D«b I- <>'T *= 5e*t-U* t» *ii» ecsi-
">**:.:_¦* - ;tici t; X. ?- 2T-; «: V»ac=B-r!r
•^••C ? Sy. •¦•-•.¦"-¦¦ : -'
¦.' 7~.t 5iir>uL» .H=:>ni.l; Eaj) — Prim-y* I^>
3 .=.'. .\w. t 2 IA. S». Ml Etec C Car-sa.
X-9^» =-. 3C«. 4. ». aaS, Dec «.
•• T-se luem jL-speaw ¦t-j. P^ti E-at Airi« *=£
Sk=£» ?_:¦». hnCan icTB
. . VteBa sf i-^-T- ¦»¦-- >j TS=r*i*tr«. > *. sa.
; ~> :^» .«.-^?.~ i-^a £±3. P<rtn »=*i J2fcR
•?^3.--F^r-7:. Sar-a. E*rt*ru SiSSE* Ci-=a. Jt»-
.tttwk Sis 5r=>«u *^y-ici»- P^n E*rl*rt «2*s
I-pk Cfe^rpc*. V»=2Er« tai Bsfflffl*.
. ass:*. *«.=.. x«t. ;. as. i>r. x.
•Cfew Brr- »«-=--_ «*r. l a t». S. I>c 5.
>'.F«r r ¦>i»*i JC«x^a>=a Bar. £*3 J-a* <StI
. -•¦ Vi -».' ;.i.-. * **** t* Fu. *aiTTf B^>-
ra^3L. Corru i3i»x.">. I* a. re.- Ttl »*Ti =src-
¦•?"> fjf'jjr; L-Mi.j'tt cft«a±= taCStR. auii
-^? t-_ *?»*l-s E-' 1 : *• Ki.-'f: Tt-.a-af Err»i-
5»t wtar-r»-. Trciris O2c* 15 l£irk-t st.
1 ex r?rx-or?E. own; pu«=*st jltsc.
• • • XxfYrt #^_ 5x3. T?*srisce
~*i.i*3«»!f. . T*j*t*k?c« 2Lu-&*=jf* St.
.dcessics^.c«.
«** fySarr— .Tfc=r*Sir. Srr. . Ml S.fr. el. I
S a. At-»rXT>A. Sct Ejrcfr-Ss. 3T«r. O. ti »=,
1 SJCJLESCHUu Zsr T«iei Xsr. r> ::«.=.
•£i Jrxr !Z= 23 lor 2. P*r?. 2r2: n |
crryxsrrrs mxjnz.T txxji it^<.tt:?; z
•- '^£KTT riVE TO HA*.~»E-rAEa .^,_
«T Xarti ES**r; &r« «« SCorue aC-
¦~4 rijj« ta Kxsre. *C «srf sTnrf. CEX-
>»» T«rt_ J. F. rrOJLZI A C»_ P».nae e»»t:
•---¦• 5 f -r -— j. — ¦ 12-- v iStts T~r»-mlit.ifc-
Fcr r. S- 2T*tt Tar« «=:5 TCi^
S trx. CrfsrrtS Frrsti*.. SI«Eti3rJ2» «jj! Arrrw.
*-tS us, li Jt> »-sl» 1:1* F **» - f B^a- *-»3-
*- L»*t» ata rVarrtaea fc=»txT* *:*5 * —
»¦-" - » ¦ <n . I5:3»5l»._ »tl»r^a_ * »_bi. <c=-
a iti«BCB «. : -eco« v»^f ssas, uxrez ssas
Free
Just Another peature
for Call Readers.
FIR5T Of ALL, IT'S FREE I
That's Because The Call Is li>-
terested ii> GiviQg Its Readers
the Best Features to be Ob-
tained by an ENTERPRISING
NEWSPAPER. '* * >? * ;
If yoa -wart to rfartie Pxa=o, yea crs—
Becasss THE CAIX win sho-ar yoa bow. It r-iVn =0 <Essrs=cc
wbedaer yoc hxtre err^ral taisrxt cr sot.
A grrjss by tie na=se cf W.SCOTT GROVE INVENTED THE
WAY. Joseph Hc£=a=s, tise pesrisss rrrtrrfyn, says it** fits rizbt
ttH dse eery easy way. 2nd sdsrses th; -rs^od.
It's doc^ ca t2se Jrrr:?!r7za:tga &/sts>A be=cs a cHZd cr srcwz^->
THERE WILL BE TWELVE STUDIES,
Tts First O=s Appears ta The
NOVEfflBER 20.
Tfecref ere, if yea wz=t to play dx Piasa, thsrs b tctiryt eise
needed bst to tais ycer SUNDAY CALL, cct cot the Srstrated Iss-
9cs, lay it ca a Pia-ao -zr.d p£ay.
Don't Overlook Tbis NEW FEATURE of
THE SUNDAY CALL, NOV. 20.
v APT t * TrrT!?T * >fT *Vla. ¦ ;
. _ =,
emrn^f 2>cciar "JUatiS
that PrrmlrTTnteSTS CttSed J|||
¦hy poor Cooking 2ni cause- MT^^
guezit lack, of nouri^m^nty^ f|
slI^2S 32age'O»ks Hue GooiCocks.
SAK FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC C<X 4x5 POST STRS2T*
.OPSNj SATURDAY SVSNIKCr-THE iSAN, FRANG1SGOVGALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER: 4, 1904:
12
-MPLOYMB-T WAgTEP— PemflJ_^Coa
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wants posi-
tion; Is a good cook; willing to do "nail
washing: competent to care for children:
moderate wages. 794 Folsom at.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, now with
large wholesale house, five years' experi-
ence, desires to change position. Address
M. S., box 4724. CalLj
EXPERIENCED nurse will engage by week or
month to care for Infant at Its own home.
Call 1441 Sacramento st., city.
! A REFINED young lady wishes position doing
upstairs work and sewing; first-class seam-
Btresa; city or country. Box 4069. Call.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, desires a few
more engagement* by the day. Phone Sutter
933. ___;
YOUNG, healthy wetnurse would like to
nurse an infant; beat of references. Address
MRS. A. M.. box 4695. Call.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references as to charac-
ter, wants a situation. Box 4657. CalL
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a situation
as a hourekeeper. Box 4676. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as cook or light house-
work: across bay preferred. 1100 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, young lady, de-
sires position; $40. Box 4638. Call office.
WANTED — Position as cashier In restaurant;
best of references. Box 4719. Call. '?'-.*
GIRL wants work in candy store. Box 4020,
Call office. __.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position In
law firm. Box 3627. Call office.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home. An-
swer box 3760. Call office.
WETNURSE wants place; references. MRS.
, B.. 1406B Pacific sJL
HONEST Japanese girl wants a situation; plain
cooking and light housework. K. A., 1S06
Stockton st. -
JAPANESE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework and plain cooking in small
family; $5 or $6 a week. 1225 Fulton st.
JAPANESE girl wants position; general house-
work and helping to cook In a small family.
N. H.. 292 O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE woman wants position to do
housework and wait on table: good wages
and room out. Call at 325H O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE woman wants position as general
helper. 1336 California st.
JAPANESE, first-class family laundress, wanti
Job. T. NOGUCHI. 3500 Twenty-third st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch of flee, cor. Duncan and Church st».
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMEHT WANTED — Tiff A T^.
STRONG young man. 29 years of age. and
wife, with 2-year-old boy, would like steady
employment: man Is good all-round farmer:
wife will do cooking and housework. Ad-
dress A. HURYCH. 19% Moss st.. between
Sixth and Seventh. - -
AA — A FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger,
tlnter and gralner desires work by the day or
job; first-class work guaranteed; good work
very reasonably done. Addresa 1454 Devlsa-
dero st.' * -^- ¦"
A YOUNG man wants situation as grocery
man or grocery and tend bar: 8 years' expe-
rience; wages no object. Address box 4433,
Call office. - ' . '
DISHWASHER wants work, large restaurant
kitchen. Box , 4028, Call.
GARDENER, first class in all branches of
gardening, competent to take charge of gen-
tleman's grounds, wishes position on' private
place; references. Address A. W.. box 4880.
Call office.
YOUNG man desire* a position as collector,
clerk or watchman, or any position of trust;
strictly temperate; no gambler; can place
$1000 as« security. Address for one week,
box 4683, CalL •',-<-;
YOUNG man. well educated. " accurate and "re-
liable, with business experience and knowl-
edge of bookkeeping wants position; - refer-
ences. . Box 4048. . Call office.
SITUATION wanted by colored man as first-
class butler cr cook In private family; Creole
cook; can give best reference*. Box 4000.
Call office. . -
BOOKKEEPER. 10 years' experience, also
executive experience, desires position with
reputable city firm; age 30; references. Box
4428. Call office. . -. .-..».,- , ;
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and re-
liable, with knowledge of bookkeeping and
business experience, wants position; refer-
ences. Box 3766. Call office. } ;¦'.
YOUNG man wants position In hardware,
store, retail or wholesale; has had four
years' experience; good salesman; also un-
derstands packing. Box 4415. Call office.
YOUNG man with 10 years' experience In
hardware business desires position; can give
unquestionable reference and recommendation.
Box 4623, Call office. . :'•
"COLORED TRIO," piano, mandolin and cello;
first-class music furnished for dancing or
entertainment*. Address 915 Seventh at.,
Oakland. ,
BAY, r_ your man If you want a sober. In-
dustrious, middle-aged, married man as
watchman. - choreman or man to carry sign.
Box 4693. Call office.
MANAGER, salesman and clerk wishes steady
position; best of references and experience:
also well acquainted In city and can draw
trade. Box 3991. Call office.
YOUNG man. master 3 languages, able cor-
responding clerk, fully qualified for position
of trust and responsibility, wishes to im-
prove hla position. Box 3785. Call.
WANTED — By a first-class, reliable, married
farmer, a position as working foreman on a
small stock, grain or fruit ranch; under-
stands ranch work in all Its branches; thor-
oughly capable ot' taking full charge. Ad-
dress Farmer, box 4037, Call office.
EXPERT polisher; planes, rtalr cases and
furniture; don't fail to see A. Me ANDREW.
traveler, landscape artist; up-to-date. Box
3647. Call.
A YOUNG man who thoroughly understands
mechanical drawing desires a position - aa
draftsman's assistant or' tracer. » Address
box 39S2. Call office. .
STRONG young man, not afraid of hard work,
desires a steady position: can furnish best
city references; no salary objection. Box
4672. Call. ' ,
CURTAIN and drapery salesman wishes situa-
tion; capable of managing department. Ad-
dress B-, 1423 Octavia st. *¦ •
WANTED — Position as porter or Janitor, or
will do house-cleaning; handy with tools;
I .experienced. Box 4054. Call.
MEDICAL student (trained nurse) will ex-
change services for board and room. Box
4057, Call office.- -
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper (Gern ,n), good
mixer, wishes situation, city or country. Box
403-. Call office.
RELIABLE man, experienced In wine and
liquor business, cellar and store, wishes po-
i sltion. H. ENGEL, 387 Turk st.
1 , __
: A FIRST-CLASS French cook wants a situa-
tion in a family: understands pastry and
fancy work. 816 Leaven worth st.
WANTED — Position by man and wife;, cooks;
thoroughly competent; hotel camp or bo— rd-
lng house. Box 4621. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as traveling salesman foi
specialty; 6 years' experience; best of. refer-
ences. Box 4592. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS mining camp cook ' wants sit-
uation; used to handling large camps. EL
~ L. J... 159 Silver st.
YOUNG married man,' steady and reliable,
wishes position aa shipping clerk. Box 376S.
Call office. • '
BARTENDER wishes to get more experience
In first-class bar; wages no object; good city
' references.' ' Box 3775, Call office.
WANTED — Copying' or addressing envelopes,
folding circulars; fair penman; steady work
solicited. Address box 3629. . Call office.
CABINET maker.' 20 years' experience, wishes
I to obtain steady position In factory or store.
Apply 263 , Fell st. . .
PATTERN maker (machine and house); capa-
- - ble of taking charge In a foundry shop. Ad-
dress FARQUHAR. 49 Eighth et.
SOBER. Industrious man (mUidle-aged). who
¦ can turn his hand to anything, wants work:
wages $2O. Address box 3779. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED, married farmer. -.no children.
'would like position in country: good recom-
mendations. . Box 3783, - Call office. -
WANTED — Paper, hanging and palntlog by ln-
,:terlor » decorator. Address E. E. H.. box
; 3787. Call office. ... , .. .
GERMAN man who understands farming wishes
.'work around Pleasanton. Healdsburr or Wat-
1 son vllle. Address box 3650. Call office.'
mffPI.OYM-;iTT WAITTEP— IHAIig— Co-.
YOUNG Hawaiian gentleman wishes position
In photograph gallery; has had four years
experience; good all around man. Box 3973.
Call office. £-
YOUNG man who worked 4 years In hardware
store In Germany would like to have a po.-il-
tlon In the iimi business. 123 Sutter at.
WELL acquainted business man desires) a po-
sition as salesman, manager and collector
with a responsible house. Box 4040. CalL
SPOTLIGHT and picture machine operator;
long experience. A. S. B-. 405 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Place to chop wood by the cord;
cabin to c<y>k and sleep in. Box 4032. Call.
GENTLEMAN wishes light work on ranch;
salary no object. Box 4049. Call office.
A RELIABLE- man wants position aa night
watchman; references. I. B.. 756 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation la the
country. Box 4042. Call office.
WANTED— A position as a barkeeper. Bos
4«H. Call office. ¦ < ' -'-'. -¦«- '
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will
work by the day or piece. Box 3614. Call.
CARPENTER wants work by Job. Address
Carpenter. 1926 Market st.
COLLECTOR, bast of references, want* posl-
tlon. Box 4890. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man aa collector
or assistant bookkeeper. Bex 3337. Call.
WANTED— Situation as foreman on ranca.
Eox 4038. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS waiter wants ,a situation la
hotel or restaurant. Box 3601. Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants position as night-
watchm— n; references. Apply 330 Fifth at.
CARPENTER wants work by day: understand*
plans. Address box 3725. Call office. '
AN honest Japanese, flrst-clas* cook, want*
position In family; experience. 10 y«ari|
wages $S week; has references. HARRY,
1 Central place. ,- ~..- r - - ¦ %".
JAPANESE couple want situations: man ha. a
good experience, cook 15 years: wife wait at
table or do housework. OGURA. 423 Steven-
son st.
JAPANESE boy, gentle and honest, wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy; speaks Engllsb. Y.
MUYA, 328-3-8 McAllister it. ; phone 745 Fol-
som.
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy or housework. 8. FAGAYA. 1308 Polk
st. : tel. Larkln 482.
JAPANESE cook and wife want positions;
wife to do waiting on table. MIRIKITANI.
463 Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy, honest and gentle, wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy or cook. T>. SADA.
804 Stockton st.
GOOD faithful Japanese couple want house-
work and cooking: wages expected. $4O; boars
themselves. Box 7269. Call of See.
A JAPANESE wants to wash dishes e-ery
. night. GUI. 1410- Pine St., San Francisco;
phone Hyde 171.
JAPANESE wants position for morning or bait
days' work; don't want room; references. O.
OTA. 130H Fern ave.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as help cook
in family In this city. K. TSURUMIZU. 43d
Geary at. .....
A JAPANESE wants situation at housework
or help in kitchen: wagee $12 or $15 up.
Y. T.. 420 Powell s_
JAPANESE boy wants any kind of work; la
hotel or efflce. GEO. D. Y.. box 4013, CalL
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants place In
private family. OY ENI GOCK, 1112 Stock-
ton st.
A CHINESE cook would like a position In a
first-class hotel. 1110 Stockton st.
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position. Address
JIM. 717 Commercial st.
I—TA-TCXAX,.
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (IXC)
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St..
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600,000 Of)
Surplus 94O.9O1 M
Issues
Six j--r cent
Investment Certificates
At par. J^
Office— No. 14 Sansozn* street. V
San Francisco. Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sjpld; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bdg.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate cer-
tificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPAXT.
107-108 Crocker building.
-—ATS TO X.ET.
A — HOUSES and Cats to let; an Immense. Ust:
service absolutely free; take advantage ot
this department; it will save you time anil
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 245-58 Geary I
St., on the square.
CHEAP rent — Great bargain; new 5-room flat
for rent. $23 per month; sun an day: new
furnishings for sale. Purchaser has advan-
tage of $150 paid by present tenant. Apply
Sterling Furniture Co.. 1039 Market st.
PIERCE, 2335— Very reasonable to reUabl*
party only; elegant up-to-date S-room flat;
abundance of light; Investigate this.
PROSPER. 35. oft Sixteenth, between Market
and Sanchez — New modern flat; S sunny
rooms and bath; rent $23.
HYDE, 2646 — Modern flat. 6 rooms and bath,
gas and electricity; marine view; rent $26.
$27 60— NEW Park flat. 6 sunny rooms, on
car line. 223 Parnassus ave.. near Stanyan.
SUNNY flat. * rooms and bath: no children.
63 Dehon, bet. 16th and 17th. near Sanchez.
$3250 — ELEGANT, sunny, new 0-roora flat, X
block north ot Market. 165 Noe st.. nr. 13th.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON ic HOAO. 110 Montgomery st.
flats jPp*fc
$5CK> — A SUNNY well-furnished corner flat-
0 rooms; cost $750; rent $45; good Income
above rent. 624 Taylor «t.. corner Softer-
Call 2 to 5 p. m. '
FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms ; in good con-
dition; $10 per month. Call at 38! Fifth
street. ¦ . .
MODERN, sunny, upper flat 7 Urge rooms,
carpets and hangings new 11 weeks aro- sl
sacrifice. Call 917 Jones, near Bush. .9 to' 4.
TASTILY furnished sunny flat. 6 rooms bath
ttc; marine view; 10 till 4. 2845 Broderlck!
FOUR-ROOM flat; $75. 217 Tehama at.
MIDDLE flat. 6 rooms and bath; furniture
and carpets nearly new. 630 Polk, afternoons.
ELLIS. 927— Bargain: B-room flat. fumls_ej
comrletc; $135 It sold at once. "«»-«
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 page-, sent to any addresa la the
' United States or Canada one year tor $L
postage paid. ,
-_A.T- to M^---ggg~Tg~~-n ; _~
FLAT — Three rooms: bath; piano; complete for
housekeeping: no children: $23. • 333 Hayes.
-"U-ttilll'm&E _*QB SATiTS,
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
nitnre, carpets, etc 782 Mission: tel. Bush 813
PXJEXIT Uii_ "WANTED.
ABE LEVY! T~ "•
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 7*1
Don't. sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture. etc.. until you get his estimate. '
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will <n>ll on commission. 1_ H
BURP, auc.. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 233ttl
CALL' on 'Alfred Wollpert. . 773 Mission st b«I
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red" 4462.
IiOPOI-rG-HOPSES rOB SAI.E — Con.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy at.. , cor. Market and Powell.
. Headquarter* for Rooming Houaes, Hotels and
' All Kinds of -Business Chances,
180 rooms; grand, new, - modern apartment-
bov-se;. elegantly furnished and equipped:
. cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
1 per month; close in; full 'of nice people;
bargain if taken at once; dissolution of
' partnership.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
.. furniture; good carpets;. must sell; price $400.
CO rooms; new, ' modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date' house reasonable; sick-
ness. .';" ">; . . '¦¦ ¦ ..•.-.
7-room modern flat; ¦ close In; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down-
town location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets: clearing; now $200 per. month: if run
-transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition in city.
24 rooms; rent $143;^ new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak ¦ -and- mahogany; fine proposi-
tion; good' lease. -,< ; ¦¦.'¦ .
128 ' rooms: - cheap rent;- long . lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
' clearing $500 to. $600 per month; must sell on
account of other -business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
nlture and carpets; clears $100 per -month;,
must leave "city; make an. offer.
63 rooms ;.b»8t downtown commercial house In
city; clearine. now - $300 per month; every-:
thing first-class condition; will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property or
. ranch in California; must leave city.
16 rooms: rent $65;. : good. furniture and car-
pets; always. full; must, sell within next ten
dayn; leaving city; make offer. '
80 rooms; newly . furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown'; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making house; part down, balance reas-
onable interest. '
108 rooms: - rent only. $5 50 . p«r room; Jong
lease; up-to-date, - downtown. . modern house;
electric lights, » bell and elevator; all - light
- rooms; well .'furnished throughout; chance ot
, lifetime to get first-class house that is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at. bargain; owner obliged
' to leave for Europe to settle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us.
45 rooms, rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over -$200 per month; always full;
best buy in city; account of sickness; price
$4500.
Have new, : modern 82-room house; rent $378;
electric • lights, elevator, corner: everything
up to date: -owner; will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000. .. .- •
Model apartment-house, 2 and 3 roome each;
: rent is cheap: elegantly furnished ;i 5-year
lease i- there are. 00 rooms; everything- - new
and modern; you can get bargain account
H of sickness.--. .:' - .
34 rooms : cheap . rent ; ' thoroughly renovated ;
all in fine-shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of; real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
hand. ' CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. .... . - - ¦ ¦'
' . CJLAIBVOYAJrTS. ,_^__^^
AA— THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLD.
.;....:--.. ...
FREE 2 FREE FREE
• ¦ If not correct. ¦
His regular $5 reading this week for .
$1 $1 $1 -. $1 ¦•- $1 - $1 $1. # $1 $1
'. BLANCHARD.
; ""The -
Clairvoyant— Psychic — Mystic.
Tells your full name, what you callM for,
• whom and -when you will marry, reads your
entlro life from Infancy to old age.
He gives advice -on business, love, court-
ship, marriage and tells of your friends and
j enemies: removes evil influences, reunites
the separated and causes speedy and happy-
marriage to the- one. of: your, -choice; cures
• disease and lost - vitality without medicine;
locates mines, * buried treasure, old j estates,
lost or stolen goods, absent friends.
HE SEES ALL. TELLS ALL.
480 GEARY ST.. BETWEEN TAYLOR AND
. MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS — 10 TO 8 P. M.. DAILY AND SUN-
DAY.
REMOVED.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great— ELLSMERE — Ellsmere — the great
Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the greatest
clairvoyant in the world ; tells your name,
what you called for, whom and when you will
marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere Is dif-
ferent from other clairvoyants, because . he
doeb what they claim to do, things that are
beyond ordinary understanding, things that
seem impossible; he gives you information,
, relief, success, satisfaction, power and con-
trol of any character affecting any one or
anything past, present or future; he tells you
Just what you may expect and what to do for
your beat Interests In any matter; he awak-
ens a natural force within and around you,
' giving you a secret '. power to remov* the
- cause of any trouble, ' Influence, unhapplness.
disease, poverty, failure or bad luck that
surrounds you: he opens up a way for success
', and happiness you desire; a power to secretly
I change the thought*, actions, habits or inten-
... tions of any . one, even miles away; remem-
. ber, there is no guesswork when you consult
him; If affairs of the heart. or emotions of
love Interest you, he gives exact and truth-
ful advlco on all love affairs; he advises you
how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables you
to win the esteem and love of any one you
detilre.
3 offices. S26 O'Farrell st. 3 of flees.
Open Sundays, every day, 10 to 8. Mall, $2.
RICHARD MAYO.
CLAIRVOYANT.
At a glance, before you have a chance to ut-
ter one word, he tells you what you came for
and what you want to know. .
• HE TELLS YOU
HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS,
Whether ¦ your present . business - investments
will be successful. No* matter what may be
your hope, I fear or ambition, call on this gifted
tnan.and find relief. His descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though they
stood before you; He '. tells you everything,
good or. bad; you hear the truth. and nothing
but the truth. If you are discontented, un-
happy, . discouraged, unsuccessful or In 111
health, call on Professor Mayo and he will aid
you in life's greatest blessings, health, wealth
and . happiness. Satisfaction guaranteed - or no
fee accepted.
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONE
DOLLAR.
421 A Ellis st. (Private) Flat. Hours 10 a. m.
. : . . to 8, p. m. .
MME. M. BERNARD- THE FAMOUS
Clain'oyant and . business ; medium ; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.< next Exam-
. iner bldg. : she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re- '
.. veaN .'the present happenings and portrays
' .events to occur in the future; If you arc In
, trouble. *. discontented : or not satisfied ¦ with
life or have domestic,' love or. business trou-
'. bles consult this great medium and you will
.' be : told how to overcome them; valuable" ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
' guaranteed; > open Sundays.' .Tel. 'Black 4569.
_______ _______
GREATEST LIVING CLAIRVOYANT, AD-
-VISER on business, law, love, marriage. . dl-
: vorce. all ; affairs; . reunites separated, helps
the troubled; tells your full name, what you
' • called ¦ for, whom and when ' you | will marry,
- reads your entire life from infancy to old age;
¦ giving names, dates. 1 facts and figures ; . re-
stores I youth . and lost vitality, cures dis-
• eases ; . low fee, 60c.;;" Hours — 10 a. m. to 8
. p. m.. 1031 Market'st
FROM ' all - sections they come ' to ; witness the
wonderful .-demonstrations -.of * the • noted
'LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would it not
be a relief, to know how you will succeed, to
be, relieved of the matters that are troubling
¦ .you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you i may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading goto LIVINGSTONE, 428
Eddy,.; st. ; three separate ' reception ¦ parlors;
-lady attendants; hours 10 t*m/to8 p. m."
1 ISMAR,'- Egyptian Peeress, ' The^Vendome, 1104
1 f Market st... San Francisco. -Office, hours — 10
- ,- a. m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phona South 1141. -; ;¦ .'
MISS ZEJIDAR, young, gifted clalr.and'palm.:
•reveals love, marriage, -business.- etc. ; L. 60c;
- Q. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A— Mme. \ Ravenna reads life; business advice;
, names given: 25c up. 8 Ellis et.. near Market.'
MME.' MARSEAU. card reader;! ladies,:, 25c;
I -, gents. GOc... 845:' Minna at.~;- .V t . .-
PROF.' JOHNS.* palmist and psychic card read-
¦ = er;- readings 25c;; 2 to'JKp., m.'K B12 Jessie st.^
ROSALIND.- world renowned spiritual elalrvoy-
: . ant, psychic,: palmist. ; 10 Powell : (The . Earl).
MME. ODELL; dalrvoyant.'^card • reading, tea
- leaves; 25c up. : : 612% Eddy St.; no sign. ¦;*¦; _;
; MISS ,.WARD. V clairvoyant.', gives names, dates
i • r and facts. The Vcndome, 1104 Market, r. 24.
THE^GAMi
JOILN' D. SPRECKKI-S Proprietor
Address Gommu-ications to
¦tons McXAUGHT Manager
W. J. MA-MIX Doslpesa Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Ton With the Deparuaecl You
Publication Office.... Market aod Third. S. F.
Editorial Rocms 217 to 221 Stevenson s_
Delivered by Carriers. 2J> Cts.Per ™£*> n
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ct* K
Ten_s by Mail. Including Postage (Cash Wit-
Order) : -. -.
DAILY CALL Cnclud. Sunday). 1 "•**¦• -••?'2X
DAILY CALL Unelud. Sunday). « mos... 4^00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "j-
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year *•«?
VTEEKLY CALL. 1 Year C-ilT
POSTAGE. J-S-eekiy. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will b* forwarded when re-
M»I1 subscribers in ordertnir change ctjt*!
ere** abould be particular to give both pew
AND OLD ADDRESS In crder to Insure a
prompt «__ correct compliance with their re-
vuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
XOlf. Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
O<S Center Btrcet Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent:
CA-ITJEZ, W. watt. Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
_t~aldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
Cnion Square; Murray HIM Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and HcCmaa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANW:
Ehennan House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Trwnont House; Auditorium
Ueui; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNES3 Marquette Building.
CLcng Dletaace Telephone. "Central 2619.' >
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
KT~ YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C CAKLTON Herald Square
BTEINEf S OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
eonaer Market and Third streets: opea until
12 o'clock every r.'.ght in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1005 Market street, opposite Fifth; open nntH
21 p. m.
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open untu
• :30 p. tn.
800 HtjfF street; open until 8:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. ~_
C15 Larkln street; open until 9:80 p. m.
1M1 Mifrion street; cpen until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh etrert; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Kortheast corner Church and Duncan *reet»;
j cpen until 9 p. ra.
SCOO Fillmore street; open cntil 0 p. rn.
-gXETTJgG WOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comnvandery No. 1. K. < X-^
T.--Rfcgular assembly THIS EVEN- }**\
ING at 7:W. Business only. All fra- JUj
ters courteously invited.
CHARLES. M. PLVM. Commander.
T. L HENDERSON. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. S80, F. B
and A. M. CMlsslon Temple)— Third YY
Degree THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING /V\
at 7:45 o'clock. Visaing brethren cor-
'dially invited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. ..--~*-.
F.— Initiation THIS 'rRIDAYK-^ggcj-i
NIGHT S o'clock Fharp. Ylsit-'^i'StjSC^!
• :ng brethren coniially invited,
ARTHUR BEHREND, N. G.
. W. F. NORCROBS. Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lo<Ige No. I, K. of P.. _*?£.
rnerts THIS FRIDAY at S o'clock. r =_*SK<^'
Pioneer building. -4 Fourth st. />jDi
E-Mjulre rank. Visitors cordisJly in- _g£>*C
\1ted. F. O. MOLL. C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R and S.
EUREKA Lodge No. », K. of P.. 220 -ft*
Golden Gate ave., meets THISt^iS^/
. (FRIDAY) EVENING. KnUht ~V&
r-nk. Lena: form. All brother £r*_ir
Knights cordially invited.
FRED KLEIN. C. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE, K. of B, and S.
SAN FRANCISCO Trrt No 18. _^7?^V
K n. T. M— Review THIP
(FRIDAY) EVENING at s p"J3 f> frj_|
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, -4 l^Vj ,p, WJI
D. n. P.ICHARDS. S&^Zii/
Record Keeper. ~^i£g£3r
REGULAR rr.eetinK and nomination . XT __
of officers of the Caledonian CJur3\, chu/J
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock S^VttJKs?
Scottish Hall. 117 Lcrkln st. >e_>fc
A. SI MACPHEJiSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
BT. ANDREW'S Society— The annual v C7>«,
. election of office bearers will take SCti
j:lace next MONDAY EVENING. \VXS?
tfce 7th of November, at the meet < *i_?*
ing rooms. 117 L&rkin Ft. Polls open from
7 to 9 p. m.
H. LIVINGSTON DUNN, Pres.
J. BLACK. 5ec.
A WEEK'S news for - cents — Tbe Weekly Call.
i6 pares, in — Tf.pper. fcr mailing. $1 per year.
AGrKTS_WA3SrTED :
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted; can make from
$i:. r > to $.'>!• a day. Room 212, Parrott bldg.,
. o!fice hours 9 to 5 p. m.
LADY arents wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp'* Suppositories. 1312 Market St.. r. 316
ATTOBHXY3-AT-LAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at 112 and
Is do rood; for £2 years I've made divorces
a epecialty; quick; quiet; no money needed;
no pay ur.lers divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable: lowest fees; advice free; collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
CONSULTATION free, private and confidential ;
no .advance fees: business promptly and le-
cmi'.v irar.Fa.cted; collections. mechanics'
liens," tenants ejected; probate; loans on real
estate*, safe, sound investments at highest
BPsrorEss cblaitces.
RESTAURANT and cafe close to Market and
Powell t>ts.; lease; place elecantly fitted up
and doln* a large business; best class of
patronage; owner engaged in other ¦ busl-
' ness; must saeriflce. See R. G. .' WILKE.
1'64 Kearny st. .- '¦ \
A — $500; CANDY store' and Icecream parlors; j
living rooms; rent $15; location the best; ;
£ood paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, |
1*6% Kearny eu
A— $000: ROADIIOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
rent $20; 5 years' lease; very best location;
on San Mateo road. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearcy st.
A— $2450: CORNER grocery and bar: 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness ; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $5500; SALOON: about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $125; lease: stock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26>4 Kearny St.
A— $2000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
biock from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
•WILKE, 26 K Kearny st. '.
A— $1350; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce store; I block from Palace Hotel;
daily receipts from $30 up; horse, wagon;
place clearing $200 per month. See R. G.
\'%ILK£. -C^ Kearny -t. •
A— $5»00— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand.
on. Fourth et.. living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 2t>tt Keamy st.
A — $lf<00— Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. muet be sold at once on
account of death; a very rare chance, aa busi-
ness la known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $1000; CORNER cigar stand on Ellis st.:
lease; a good paying place; location can't be
bnat; owner must leave for N. Y. : a sacrl-
Cce. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26''- Kearny itt.
A— $0500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oy-Eter parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $C0; no nicer fitted
up place this kind In the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Keaxny at.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
corner; rent $30; best location; business pay-
Ing well. R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny St.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
south of Market st.: net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in fight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 block*
from Call building; a bargain. Calr R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $S00; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. '
A— $5000; roadhoune and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000; one ot the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-claae paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A— *1600: COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
thli city; 39 beds. 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny st. ¦
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
_aly receipts about $20; best location north of
Market st. Call R. P.. WILKE. 2C% Keamy.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
• et.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about S2S00; a well established and
- first-claes paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at. .
$2C00 — FAMILY liquor store and park in S. F.;
• in wholesale district; selling account old age.
1108 Webster st., cor. Twelfth. Oakland.
$1750— SALOON and roadhouse, near Oakland;
8 rooms finely furnished and good piano;
large grounds; good location: this will bear
Investigation; genuine bargain. 1108 Web-
eter st.. corner Twelfth, Oakland. '¦
$1C5O— RESTAURANT: the greatest bargain
ever offered. Call 110S Webtter St.. Oakland.
$350 — CORNER branch bakery and delicacy
store: best part of Oakland; 4 living rooms;
rent $16; bargain. 1108 Webster st;', Oakland.
$150 — CIGAR store; living rooms; full value In
sight. 110S Webster st.. Oakland.
10% NET INCOME. PAYABLE MONTHLY IN
ADVANCE !
Strictly modern two-story building on
northeast corner, one block from S_n
Pablo ave. and few minutes to City Hall; a ,
gold bond Investment: $13,000; can borrow
about $SCO0; title guaranteed.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 San Pablo ave.. Oakland. CaL
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
ZT you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH 4: CO.,
1312 Market St.,
Rocms, 418-419. Telephone Folsom 34C8.
$300 — PARTNER; must be honest, sober, re-
liable. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$650 TO $10.COO — Saloons that will stand Inves-
tigation. S-:« BERO & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT, also delicatessen stores, at
bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny.
CALL route for sale; good route in Alameda.
Apply to this office or call at 1813 Pacific
ave.. Alameda; take broad gauge train, get
off at Grand st. station. Alameda; call be-
fore 12 noon.
A— DELICATESSEN ; will sell very cheap;
owner leaving city; big profits; cash trade;
part cash, balance easy payments; write to-
day. Box SS99, Call office.
NEWSPAPER — Best-equipped newspaper and
Job plant in one of the best towns In South-
ern ¦California; .most Influential Republican
paper in the county. Box 4420, Call office.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
bundle unlisted securities: loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott square,
. Buffalo. • -• -
WANTED — Man with email capital In eetab-
rate of 'r.ttregt. W.MATTHEWS. C32 Market
R. W. KIJCG. Attorney- v.-Lhw, Exam. bldg..
€.th floor: entrance room 611; established 26
years: all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce: costs $12;qulck,quiet:advlce free:
alt law business: no charge unless success-
ful: open evening*. 927 Market et., room 801.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
cofts In advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 619 Market st..r.33.
ADVICE free; divorce eon* $12; nulck. quiet;
all law business; no charge unless success-
fuf; open evenlnga. fl27 Market, room 204
L. 8. CLARK. 1)27 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CalL
16 mgeg. tn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ASTHMA CUT-E.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly
10c. 25c. 50C 1*C Market, St. Nicholas :
also Wlshart. lCth and Washington. Oakland.
ASTgOr.OGT
ZOBETDE. astrologer: p— txhlc. occult and as-
treiod'-al Tradings. 9 Mafon tt, rooms 1-2.
bajcm or rigs.
POSITIVELY cures all diseases of women-
tumors and cancer; recommended by phy-
Fldaus. Local office 804 Larkln st.
BOAEDCTO TOE CHnCDBEB".
A GERMAN lady would like to board one
child: room for father. Box 4425,'Call office.
CABPET B E ATCTO AJTP CUSAJTiarO.
COMPRESSED Air and" Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal-
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at rhop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market s_-
jjhones Main 152 and Buch 479.
WHEN you become difirusted with your work
*end for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DOnx &. CO. ; phone Mission 225.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
3S3 Goldm Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-cUns
earpet cleaning. 3c yard. TeL MUslon 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter s_;
tel. Main 394 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet -beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et,; teL Mission 263.
llghed and paying commission business ot
years' standing; no triflers. Box 1493. Call
office. Oakland.
BEST opportunity for a small investment in
Oakland: Just the thing for a good live man.
Call or write R. P. McDOLE. 141 Oakland
ave., Oakland. .
FOR sale — A half interest In bakery and cof-
fee parlor; first-class location and business
Increasing. Address S. B.. box 620, Sacra-
mento, Cal.
$1000— CIGAR stand; near theater; best loca-
tion north Market: $600 stock, cash register,
machines: big trade; long lease. 1007 V4 Mkt.
$000— RESTAURANT; great bargain; fine loca-
tton; good business; party going East; also
' list of saloons. Eltel & Carroll. 212 Kearny.
WA-NTEI) — Three men with. $1500 each; cut,
grind, extract and market tanbark; selling $19
cord; can make $20,000 yearly. Box 4418, Call.
BARGAIN — Corner grocery; high-class trade;
investigation solicited; rent reasonable; liv-
ing-room. Box 4026, Call office. -/ ;,.
FOR sale — $2000. livery stable; across bay; good
stand. 212 Eddy St., downstairs.
$27I»— ACTIVE man as partner; established
business; duties easily learned; sure profit of
$85 a month to each. 632 Market su, r. 6.
PARTNER — Detective and collection; estab-
lished business; email capital. 1014 Broad-
way, room 25, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted in the furniture and uphol-
stering business; capital small. Inquire 1714
Polk et. ¦ _ - ,
$S00— RESTAURANT, north of Market: close
in; good business location; fine trade; rent
- $22 50; receipts $35. Box 4401. Call office.
HAIR dresMrir and manicuring . parlor: best
location In city; no opposition: owner leav-
ing. Box 4690. Call office.
PARTNER with capital: dressmaking ' and
halrdressing business. . Box 3702. Call office,
OYSTER . grotto - and chophouse in business
street for $800; rent cheap. Box 4C65. Call.
CIGAR stand; good stock. Inquire 125 Third
SALOON and grocery for sale. Cor. Fifteenth
ave. and Q st. south; established 15 years.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for Bale..- Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office. ••-..
A COR. grocery. delicatessen, with 2 turn, rms;
rent $15; 3-year, lease.; 1300. Church ;st-'.
PARTNER wanted in milk business; $150 per
month each. Address box : 4630. r Cal I' office.
A BRANCH efflce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha.
been', opened at 1008 Market J at. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ¦ — -
bttsittt;ss c_caitc_s— Coat-mea.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phcne South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. ccr. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chancea.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar: located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine' plateglass windows;
store fixtures, large stock; long .lease; cheap
rent; doing good business, clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; tick-
ness; snap; price $3500. ' . •
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city In California; 60 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked wltn
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located- cheap rent; doing good
business: 3 living rooms; stock will Invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st. '--:'':
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real es-
tate, rooming-houses and business chances.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. - _¦
FOR sale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses - In
S. F.; cheap rent: horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 per month: trial given if
. desired; part down. CAMERON & CO..
FOR sale— Fine little 3- room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy at. ¦
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry, ice--
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too ' nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. -j ; ¦¦¦¦¦.
COI.-.ECTIOH OPFZCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections m_de;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery at., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main C580.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB. SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
SPECIAL.
DEATH OF OWNER causes QUICK SALE
of an extra well furnished 30-room -
house, 4 blocks north of Market; clears $148
monthly; lease, if you want It;
' RUNNING WATER
IN EVERY ROOM!
MARION GRIFFIN.
SALARY of $3 per day *
GUARANTEED and you stay at home; .
rent $55; roomers are mechanics;
HOUSE ALWAYS FULL; 80 rooms;
price was $2600; reduced to $1800
on account of sickness.
EASY TERMS. MARION GRIFFIN.
ELECTION SNAPS.
" THESE MUST BE SOLD
BEFORE ELECTION DAY:
* 20 rooms; rent* $40. **JPijH?*$ f $550
14 rooms; rent $50; Sutter-st. snap.
83: rooms; reputable.; clears $133 monthly.
. • ¦•> .- - ¦¦ - .. ————— i
>.^ MARION GRIFFIN.'
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 46 rooms.
Near Sutter and Hyde sts.
Rent only $150.
Income $175 monthly OVER EXPENSE"
EASY TERMS. NO CARDS.
- MARION GRIFFIN.
- ,-. ______
GILT-EDGED.
20 rooms splendidly furnished
ONLY . ONE SHORT YEAR AGO;
full of permanent roomers; 8 years' lease:
- .
owing to dangerous ticknegs,
owner will sell for half of the coetj
$1000 Is all the cash you need.
MARION GRIFFIN.
WE RECOMMEND
A NEWLY FURNISHED H0USB
of 22 rooms on Post st. ; rent $90;
income '$164; full of select roomers;
extra sunny and extra well located;
price $1650: % cash and
LITTLE MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
MARION GRIFFIN.
OVER $400 MONTHLY PROFIT.
It's 'a HIGH-CLASS BUSINESS;
roomers must give ACCEPTABLE! REFER-
ENCES; no vacancies: furnishings 'new and
beautiful; RENT only $5 per room; long
lease; we show you the bills and DISCOUNT
them $2500; ¦ 85 rooms with electric '
lights, electric elevator and all other
modern conveniences.
Exclusively with
•¦;-' : : -' :' ' MARION GRCTTTN.
- . : '-. '• ¦ ¦ .... ¦ "¦"-'
NEAR Post and Taylor; 18 large sunny
outside room: rent $75. -
price $1200; was $1850; some one
will get a bargain: better Investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN. ' '¦'!'*. ?-]":' j
WORK? None for landlady '
in this 14-room, extra sunny house;
rent $50; sunny corner: • profit $50; "
price $1000; % down; ill health .-¦;¦>
causes owner to sacrifice.
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
Suite 408, ' "Examiner" ' building.
FOR SALE. ~~~- •• ' .¦'.?¦; V ~T~~
36-room house; downtown -.fine furniture. $5000
24 rooms; central; - everything- new; .- $1600;
.$SOO.ca»h. . ;¦- -¦ ." -, -, , . ; ..-•- .
30 rooms; downtown: transient ..$2500
¦ 14 rooms; Sutter st.: transient ..;:..". .$1000
" 100 rooms: all rented;- fine furniture, ' $10,000.'
fCOOO cash.
.10 rooms : corner house ; ¦ very swell ...... $3500
i San Francisco Credit Co., 10 Turk "at., 1st flr.
- MITCHELL' & CO. .".' - .t '
1206 Market st. " ¦¦J__|6*__2s*' Phone Jessie 2981.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers: titles euaran-
' teed. MITCHELL & CO. i •
OAKLAND. house,:22. rooms;'rent ¦ $60; oak
.furniture; lease; always full ; ; good carpets;
-center of town;f300 cash and small monthly
payments secures It. .MITCHELL &. CO..
1200 Market st. * ¦ -
LIST of great bargains; from 17 to 200 rooms;
.• cheap rente. ¦ To exchange • for : a -.lodging-
house. 377 acres land In Santa Clara County
. also 2 Oakland . lots ; " * good ' paying i country i
hotelB and ' roadhouses.. ; Moneyr loaned • on
1 furniture. • Eltelf & Carroll,' 212 < Kearny • st.
SIXTH. 308—12 rooms; rent j $30; • great sacri-
fice: -;¦ must : eell. 3 Call 12, to .7.-^ . '^"" - r • ¦, : ,:;'
LODGING-HOUSE . for' sale.' Apply : at cigar
-store. 828 Market st. -.: ;~ ,;--' ?¦ ,,- ¦ ; ¦-.- 7. ,~
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents^— The Weekly Call, 1
16, pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year
FREE— BOSTON BROUN BMD>ree-BR_AKFAST MUFFiMS free-GRIDDLE
CI-l-BVOTAirrS-— Continae-. ''-~~<:
MME. LANGE— Just returned; can give you
' ' advice In your trouble by her genuine Egyp-
tian sympathy, palmistry ' and spiritualism;
possesses the genuine magical magnetic mlr-
j ror and;' crystal reading, which shows the
correct picture ¦ of future ; wife or husband;
never falls;. convince yourself; readings. 25o
and -tip; 10 to 8 d. m. ; also Sundays; cures
. diseases by her strong sympathy. 46 7th st.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight; ,tells past,
. present, future; 1. 60c; g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, baa
• returned: sittings dally. 108 6th at., rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
teller.' is now at 317 Ellis *t. .,.:'-¦'
_ ' BP-BITUA-iISM.
INGA THERESE SHAGREN. the best psychic
in the city; I have thouaands of testimonials
as to my ability to read the future; call and
I will give you a trial reading of your life
free. 19 Ewinjc place, on weet eide of La-
guna st.. between Sutter and Post: no sign.
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyant. Office, 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 837.
MRS. BURR (formerly Mme. Anthony), medi-
um and life reader, 32 Hitch St.; ladles 25c;
gentlemen 60c
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNET, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE. materializing seance Friday
evening. 60c 328 Ellis st.. 8 o'clock.
MRS. GORDON, business medium and life
reader. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. LESTER, clain'oyant. medium, life read-
er; clr. evgs.. 10c; read, daily.- 836 Mission
C. MAYO STEERS., trance medium. 305 Larkln.
-room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
CI.0THINQ BEgOYA-l-TQ. .- :'
8UITS cleaned and pressed. $1: scouring and
dyeing Bon Marche. E— amlner bldg., r. 410:
phone Drurom 44. Call for and deliver free.
pEBTTTSTS^ v^_
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 60c; gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. S5c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,204 Sntter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.M.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. OTarrelL
PARIS Dental Parlors. 255 Kearny. cor. Bush—.
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up;nlllngs, 25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave. .;. ¦ -
ALL work guaranteed by the New' York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 069 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
M^D^W^LL^re^BrnakTng _ Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst. and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
-HDTTOAT-ONAX-
A--THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
, leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
prefesior; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; Ufe scholarship
• $50; positions secured; day, eve. - .723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution -devoted exclusively to- dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Son*' building.
A— "Single page method"; no text-books; twice
the progress in artithmetio.bookkeeplng.short-
' hand, etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1281 Mkt.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting poai-
• tlons.*. ; S. ; B. Business College, 738 Mission.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m., .333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,' 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the Weat; send
for circulars. '"-*.:,.
YOUNG lady having had nine years' experi-
ence in teaching wishes position as kinder-
garten teacher. Box 4025, Call office.
CHICAGO Business College, 15S4 Market — Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. 'H. Webster, Pres.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN. 1155 Larkin. gives thor-
ough, successful Instruction in piano and vocal.
«PANISH,French.ete.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
mandolin club, $1 per month. S2S Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.'
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mail and per-
sonally. - Miss M. O. Barrett, 302 Montgoxn'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman i Business College. 345 Halght;
Individual instruc; all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
- Gate ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
' Open until 11 p. m. _- :
EMPLOYMENT OPFXCES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
. 8. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
• Chinese help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. TeLBush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung'a, 411H O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
. Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMP-Q-g-I-irr WAJSTT-P— PEMAI-.
NURSE for children wants place; young Span-
ish lady (good penman) wants place In doc-
tor's office; two young girls, nurse and house-
• work, want places near together. ¦
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d; tel. Bush 405.
I A YOUNG woman wishes washing and house
cleaning by day; wages $150 a day. Apply
17^4' Welsh St., oft" Fourth, between Bryant
and Brannan.' ¦
AN Eastern dre;sxnaker would like a few more
¦. engagements by ' the day; guarantees work;
references. Phone Black 1393. - :
COOK and second . girl would like to work tb-
¦ gether In a family; city or country. Address
..916 Grove St., Oakland. ' i
A COMPETENT, woman wishes position to do
¦ general • housework in small family; ¦ wages
$20.: 6 Rose ave., near Market st.
WOMAN with a ¦ child wishes position; good
. cook. .¦ 630 Howard , st.
A' SWISS -girl; wishes situation, as chamber-
. maid and • seamstress In private family or
care -of child. 306 , Montgomery ave. ' ..
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by . the day. - $1 60; dresses altered ; perfect
.',: fit guaranteed. • Box . 3797, , Call . office.
DRESSMAKER would . like a steady ) position
in private family; first-class In every partic-
ular. . Box 4C29. Call office." " > '
YOUNG lady .would j like a position at second
. work; ' good ' references. • Address box ; 4696,
.office. . .--. : - . . —
RELIABLE woman • would like few - families'
¦ washing, chamber work or cleaning ¦ by day.
-468 Geary; Dhone. Brown S2. * .',',¦-..¦
LADY. wishes a place to'do' housework; no ob-
•; Jection to the country. Address 2738 Bryant.
TYPEWRITING to do. r " 309 Hearst building.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to do general
¦*-: housework. 2631 Nineteenth at. . -.•'-.¦..--
LADY- wishes work ' as ladles' nurse, city or
.„¦ country. - MRS. . RICKM ANN. 105 ! Eighth st.
SITUATION wanted as atalloreaa. 275 Church
-street. ; . - //' -: ' : -\:S£XMgfSB86Si
YOUNG woman wants work ; by the day; $1 50
. '-; and f; carfarw.vj 3623 ?•¦ Nineteenth - at. .* •-¦¦': ; . . . .,
VAN v t NESS.'." 1407— Position fas '. caretaker ' of
M rooming-house } by a widow. .-;THE SAN. FRANCISCO GALL, -FRIDAY^ NOVEMBER ::4,A1904: *
13
MOirirr TO I.OAK— <?oatlnn«d.
WILL LOAN
' A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
- Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattels. In city, tewn
or country.
. Low rate of Interest
Glvt full particulars .
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
~ ,; ' Box 430. Call efflce.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate:
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 3«.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond?. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market; tel. Mali 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardlng-houses. without
.security; easy payments: large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries. Insurance policies,* chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, ¦ valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st,
near Market .
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
loans money on diamonds, -valuables, etc.- at
• 2 per cent per month.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up, without' removaL The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co., 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE? 807 Market st
LOANS FROM fl TO $10,000. .
PRIVATE — Money loaned on > salaries without
security: diamonds, or chattels: no fee; no
com.* cut rate. Cal Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent en furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
¦ ' quiet, confidential. 2A Montgomery st. rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
tnr«. Indorsed ¦ notes ' and other security. ' S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Fhelaa bldg. '
MOXEY.to loan at low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan &
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg: phone Main 3214.
DON'T. borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. 4 watches. Jewelry;
confd. . - Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.,722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelryat 2 per cent
: -: mo. .S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.'
8 % ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
¦Dttcom. V. TREMAIN.room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people en , notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mussard — Small uprirht, ¦ fine order.
* Fischer— Fine order,- very reasonable.
Sterling— Mahogany case;, used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order..
Weber — Mahogany case,' 3 . pedals, like new,
from $95 up: easy payments: all guaranteed.
: BEN J.' CURT AZ A SON. 16 OTarrell st
RARE violins for ' sale; :• Francesco Rucgert,
: . Domlnlcu* Montaguana. . Sebastian. Klots.
•Ceasar Glgll.' HERMAN MULLER. violin
maker.- 2 Latham place, S.' F. : '."-•'.•
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for - rent $3
per month: on- year's rental allowed If pur-
?¦¦¦ chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, . 560 Hayes st .
PURCHASER. for fine Chase plano'.nearly new.
-Apply between 10 and 12 a. m.. 1649 Howard.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st -..-.- ."¦¦-. .
$90— UPRIGHT grand. ' naarly . new; a ' snap.
-- HORNUNG, 216 McAUiater st - :¦-. :
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
. sold ; $185. • 237- Geary st
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy ptanoo," Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW. upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. * SCHMTTZ / A : CO.. ¦ 16 McAllister st'
S- PEDAL Stelnway ap: Chickering baby Krand-
1 Phonlnrer.v little used: Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
Ji^TTiXt\ w> *'Wj*w *
ALL one-pfeee : frames.' I5c; 'two-piece ¦ frames,
- ;25c; *lk velvet.'. 60c -yard; long nap plush $1
•yard; silk and ehenlle braid, 15c yard: mohair
felt ¦ $1 yard ; • French . f el t • 60c . yard : every-
-;; thing at cut prtees. ¦ Fleur de lAs Millinery. ¦
564 McAUIster f tt:^ near ¦ FrankUn."
HOtTSES ITJBinSHED— r OB SAI/B.
A BARGAIN— Newly furnished tunny 14-rootn
houge. «342 Geary st.'. phone Poft 2S52.
HOPSE-ci«EAaiaTQ omcis.
J\PAXESE houiecieanlng company and shoa-,
maker. 618 Gough st; phone Howard. 3583.
LOST Alfl) rOPHP,
$5 REWARD— Male Llewellyn setter; equare-
shaped black left shoulder. W. B. B.. 185
San Carlos st " -' ¦ "-' ' --
POCKET ledger. Return to address In book;
reward. '
LOST — The treat Of your life. If you do not
u«e CHICLETS. ; '
LOST— Laundry driven ledger. Return to 23
Powell st; reward. '", >•:--¦'
jjo^T GoM watch, between Fourth and Sixth
sts., oc Berry. 1336 Kentucky st; reward.
LOST — Lady's watch; initials M. S. E.- on
back. Return to 465 Eddy st; reward.
REWARD for return of black cocker spaniel
to 1201 Jones st . .
FOUND— Collie dog. t>wner may call 223
Sixth *t. .
ZiATJIICHES FOB H1SE.
C. A. MeNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
it; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MXPICAI*
IF there Is any woman who is Buffering from
any of the ailments peculiar to her sex I can
offer her Immediate relief. I have devoted
my entire life to this work. I NEVER
FAIL. I ask fair fees, and I GUARANTEE
results In each case. If you have been dis-
appointed come to me. . Perfect satisfaction
is then Insured. I am the oldest graduate
specialist In the city giving attention exclu-
sively to ladies' troubles. ¦ ,
DR. WHITE, 702 Market *t, rooms 7 and 8
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help Tor the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted, exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here . who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. E»t 14. years. DR.B.
H. WESTON, office. 306 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
mala t-oubles and Irregularities : instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008*4 Market at. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
DR. S' GOODWIN, well known specialist r on
dlseates of wcraen. has returned . after -4
months' sojourn in Europe, during .which
lime she visited a few of the leading sani-
tariums and maternity hoepitals, and Is now
located at 412 Taylor st. near Geary. •
DR. O. W. CDONNELL— All who ara sick or.
tn trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. . 101S Market st. - ¦ -/
LADIES suffering from Irregularities. : sick or
In trouble; consult Dr.' Sylvester,- 219 Kearny
st. : relief guaranteed ; no drugs, no operation*
DR. *nd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
orlrlnal method cf treatment 1126 , Market
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never falls;
. $2. tlieason-RurxIes Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st. corner
'. 2wth: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.. ' .' ' . j
SAXB."^j_:
2D-HAND machinery, engine.-, bolters. . pumps.
' pulleys, shafting, etc,-- etc.. bought/" sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers. 1
H. 6. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, enrinen. 2d-hand machinery.' McIN-
TOSH fc WOLPMAN,- 195-197 ¦ Fremont st .'¦'
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT . "' "' -
Repair It with . elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good m»r old
iron, tin or snlngles; best for new ¦ roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
FOR tal« — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables;, easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege ' of buying;- modern . bar > fix-
tures; cheap prices." • BRUNSWICK- BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission st: V 1
AN elegant assortment ! of ~ diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on ; small weekly : pay-'
- ments; - good* delivered - on first * payment'
¦. UNITED TRUST CO-7- 21 Stockton st'..-.- .;;
NEWFOUNDLAND." 1 St Bernard dogs. ¦ 2 : mo.t
- old.'. for pale cheap. 017, Van Ness; ba»ement.
MATTBrSSISS A3STD PTXI.OW5.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldeayde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st; phona Sooth 216.
- MXHES AJTP Ml HI BO.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Croastey bldg.
PEESONAiS.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O"
"CURED" us of (eight) diseases after all
others had failed utterly; we also witnessed
the quick, marvelous results of his Radium
treatment on multitudes of allesred "Incur-
ables." (N'arr.es . gTven at office.) "One
treatment (this week) reduced my 'drspsy'
bloated limbs, which, few hours later, re-
sumed their natural size." (Name given.)
"After one treatment (Wednesday) my
'blind' eyes distinguished objects." (Name
given.) Hundreds more. Hoars. 2 to 7.
"Public" healing daily. 2 and S. I83&
Market st and 1 Fourth . st. ..
M. ELLA HARRIS. French liquid powder;
rives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
- icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off: send
only $1 and test it for yourself. M. ELLA
HARRIS, chemist and skin specialist, 123
Geary st.
LADIES-*-If yon have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tings, bagglness of eyes or any blemish of
the face. Mine. GUlinrham Invites you to
call and tnvestlrate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no othsr tn this
city: demonstrator can be teen dally. 143
Stockton st.; write for booklet.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Us growtb.stops - falling.cures dandruff
- and Itching scalp; no. stain or stickiness:
.cleanses icalp; at druggists*. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute.Star Remedy Co.. 1339 Polk.
DR. RO WELL'S Fir* of Life, a sure cure far
rbeumatlra. paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat etc Sold by all drurrtsts for
over 20 years; price SOc. Manufactured .-oiely
by ROWELL * BROWN. 40 Turk it. S. T.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS* London
Tailor. 7J1 Market st
YOU can buy $73 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY eatab.
1S99. 2122 Flllmore . st. ; phone Geary 2053.
Expert furniture repalrlng.poHshtng; upholster-
ln<: carp.lav"g. Towey's,370FelLPhonePagel45l
CHICLETS are for sale, at all the ' better
kind of stores. ... ,
H. ANDERSON. -26 OTarrell st— Theat-ica!.
masquerade and carnival. costumer.
MRS.' DR. GWTER. 511 A Leavenworth st b*.
tween Geary and OTarreU. TeL East 607.
SUITS to order on fsstallments of $1 per week, '¦
NEUHAUS CO.: the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suit* to order, extra pants or fancy
---.. vests, for $14 75. Fred. Wagner. 850 Market
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1111 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market »t. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds: easy oaymants.
P. V. CARIX. 133 Montgomery st
ONE dollar weekly keeps ypu In fine clothlnr.
.« Art Tailoring. Ift44 Mitt, under St Nlahotaa.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle Mrs
- Eaton." 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Geary. r.3V
LADIES and gentlemen, yon wilt find best hatr
; tonic la the world at 1S10 Sntter at,- „'
TAILOR-MADE »utt $7 50; dress pants »2 59
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlus;
country orders.' GOLDSTEIN A CO..733 Mkt
ALFREDUM*S Egyptian | Henna' restores ' gray
hair to Us natural color;$l at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of. advertisements and subscriptions has b«-n
. opened i at IOCS " Market *. st. opposite Fifth.
Open ontll 11 : P. : m. . ' - : ----- . ,- .-• : . ,
_ FAPTiTtTT A iffOCTO, ¦ PATH TlifQ. ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C RO-
:- MAINE. 1067 , McAllister ¦ st. ; teL FeU 2tQ3. .
PAT2STS,
INVENTIONS , patented.' '- T." P..' MEpEVA; , at-
torney-at-law, tf Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at
-
1 40 H. P. firebox boiler; complete; new.
1 Worthlngton compound pump, 500 gal. min.
1 Worthlnrton pump, tixlxfl.
1 Worthinrton oil plant; complete.
1 dlshwashlnr machine; complete. .
1 10 H. P. G. E. motor; new.
1 Lane planer. 27x12.
1 30-ln. extractor.
1- 20-tn. extractor.
1 15 H. P. 1 enflne; complete.
1-lot of laundry machinery.
WM. SPECK, 421 Market st., room 37.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW 4 233-255 Spear st.
A — THE <P. J. CO.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st. " ,
REPUTABLE place to rent gents* full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. 1 J. COOPER.
• 21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel). '
TRY our men's shoes "at $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form shoes * at $2 50; we ' pay ' express
charges: 11 -Id sV. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
DIAMONDS apd Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments.' DEHEMEK'S, 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12, upstairs. '.„. \~;
ELEGANT bookcase; sacrifice. 235 Barlett
¦treet.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers: oak;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission, near 15th.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st.
Wallpaper. 3Vjc: paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Mertgan.1302 Webster ;tel. Steiner 3671.
SAFES and ca«h registers, new and second-
hand. L FREEMAN. 1325 Market «t-
BARGAINS In 2.1-hand cash registers, includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms.' 14 Turk St..
ID-HAND bids, material : lumber, door, ; sash.'
plumb, material. The Dolan Co... 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for kale cheap at 23 Stockton sc
AN elegant sealskin : for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN ¦& TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ' ring, $50; terms " $5 per
month. P. V. GABIN, 138 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 "up; tinting, palntlnr.'
Hartmann Paint Co., 310 Third ;teLMaln 413.
DESKS bought. * sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st.; tel. South 311.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, ¦ 131 Poet st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
M ANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
BIISCEI.ItAirEOTJS WAgTS.
AAAAA— Hlgbest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
¦j oft clothlng.Tel.Davls S25.,650 Sacramento it.
AAAA— BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladles ,'¦
men's clothes. : 022 Folsom; teL Folsom 3522. >
DIAMONDS' and precious stones bought : for
: cash. . KARL. EBER A CO.. rocm 405. Ad-
ams bldg.. , 206 Kearny. st ; phone Black 3039.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th it; tel. Jessie 3016V
Levy & Rsdler, highest price for gents' cast-oft
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544.* 615 Washington.'
. '"' HOOTY TO Z.OABT.
LOAN COMPANrYTtinXw
• .........ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN.. „.'
....INTEREST- 5% AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY.; OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
. ..... ..: PROPERTY . . ... . ;-.- .".
Second mortgages,' life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-'-
. . erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,*
legacies ¦ and ' unolvided Interests in property,
.purchased. ". ¦ - -¦:>..-. .» " . •• •- ¦•¦. -•-
.... .MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.'. . . .'
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. V J -
601-602-603 Examiner bulldln*;.
Quick settlements;, no 'disappointments. ». <
- .. 6av* expense*. by. dealing directly. ••• „'
. Estate,** second ? mortgages, i undivided , inter-'
¦ est*,- assignment* of. rents, property - In' trust
; 1 etc.: i legacies.' life estates and undivided In- 1
•¦.', tercsta In property purchased. -'-.>¦•-'»¦"••.
'Courteous treatment n . Strictly, confidential.
- '¦/ .:-- Whan ¦ You : Need . Money, >¦¦ -. .
: See HERMAN MURPHY, r- , : • I
SAL'ARY LOANS— a:,*../: '. .. .:_ .-..¦..- ~".
- Mcney loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
;• any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. 'Drake. '453 'Parrott old.
SEAT, ESTATE — CTTT— FO3t 8AXJ,
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOT3.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
JHOOTO $2230.
$U0O TO |2250.
DEVI3ADERO Wt,
D'w'BOCE AVE.V11
Thousands ot dollars have been isent grad-
ing the new tract two blocks south of Halgat
and Devisadera streets.
The streets have been sewered, graded aad
bttuminized and accepted by tha city.
- This tract la charmingly situated. It U
prelected from th« wind by Buena Vista Park
en sh« west and Duboc* Park lie* directly b*-
low it.
The views of the city and lower bay ar*>
superb. The lots are Urge, mostly 30 feet
front, thus assuring an abundance of lixnt and
sun.
Please note tha low price*. Lots oa aa ac-
cepted street, within ten minutes' walk of
Haight and Market streets, and a choice neigh-
borhood, too. for cnty $70 per front too*.
THEY ARE GOINO FAST.
OVER THtRTT ARC SOLD.
In order to lrr.prcve tha property and gtr% It
a character, a number- of artistic house* hav«>
been built by the owner, which wtU be acid
at absolute cost ct very easy'Urms.
How to get there. Take Halght-st. car to
Devisadero or Scott, walk two blocks scuta.
LYON & HOAO.
. - U6 Monuromery St.
SOME MORE SOLD ,^__
NO EN-TEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lota. Excelsior Homestead Tract;
level as a bllsfird table: on grade; elcse to
fine school and Mlsslcn-st. electric cars:
bound to double is value.*
$lt> per month, no taxes, fln* lots, near
Ocean Boulevard: best residence location
south ot Golden Gate Park. Get the ctildr*a
one for C&riatrna*.
W J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Mats 3704.
ON'LT $140 per front foot; ranny sld» ot rtrwt'
in Mission warm belt: bo fogs, no winds; lot
40x100; en Howard. n*ar 14th st. : for resi-
dence or business tt's an O. K. Investment.
THISTLETON. Ocean View.
$22€0— BAY-WIXDOW. 7-room cottar*: 4 lota
on a ecn»er; ornamental hedge, vegetable and
flower garden; tarn, chicken-house*, etc;
terms easy.
A cozy cottajr*. 4 rooms, large basement,
chlcken-houjes. etc.; only $11CO.
Choice level lots, f 200 each.
THISTLETOX. 272 Eadowa St.. Ocean VI ¦»•*.
$1«CO— NEW cottage. 4 r.£D.:5CS China: terms.
$13CO — Cottage. 5 rooms; 3&SO Folsom st.
I22CO— 10-rm house: 306 Bennington; terms.
$1000 — Corner lot: Sanches * Palmer; terms.
D. COFFIN. 2523 Mission 1. near 21st.
$6500— A BARGAIN: eleraat resilience, nin*
rooms acd bath: Just finished; in th* beat
part of the city. S15 FeU sc. near Flllaore.
Owner on premises from 1 to J p. a
FOR sal*— 8 colonial houses, 4 rooms, batti
and basement; beautifully finished, up to>
dafe and sunny: easf Mia of Tenth ave.. near
I rt.. Sunsat. Hallett A Gee. on premise*.
A S20OO HOME built to suit you. lc Included.
any location, on $1 25 par weak. Matoal
Horn* Building A«*ociaticn. 427 Cro—ley bid.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, pfarnbrs. 838 Howard *fc
SAJT MATEO REAX ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK — On Una of Saa Mateo electrta
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Markat sta.;
outside, th* fog belt aad Just beyond wb«r»
tha 8. P. Co.'* bay shor* "cutoff" win Joia
tha I""'-* line; SO-foot lot* from $400 09:
terms only $10 dawn and $1O a month; s«w«r
and, water p'fes in front of every lot; pur*
artesian Veil water; 175 lota *otd *inee>
Augou 1: an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot In this desirable section; take Um
electric ears and git off at "l/MaTTA
PARK" and Investigate: maps sent oa an.
plication.
SELBT. RODGERS ft CO..
Tel. Main 873. 11* Caltfcnrta st.
HEAL ESTATE — COUHTBT — Tax S*J*w
SALE or exchange for city property: sacrifice:
153 acres, Napa Co.: 60 acres In cultivation:
' fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped aad
paytng- beautiful place; gentleman'* home.
SHADBCRNE. 405 Montgomery it.
|33CO_o ACRES. 6 orchard, house, part furni-
ture. 6 cows, milk route, horse, wagon, bams,
hay, tools, chickens, water. Address F. O..
Lo* Gatos. CaL
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the beat land
bargains in California. C M. WOOSTEK CO..
IMS Market st.
A BIG paying delicatessen to trade for small
Toantain ranch vicinity Lake Co. 4134. Call.
PEOPEBTY WA5TSD. *
WE have a buyer for 50O acres good vtneyartl
land. Give location and price.
Also a buyer fcr 16O-acre stock farm: most
hav* plenty of water: foothill land preferred.
A. R. SMITH A <XX.
121 Geary St.. room 301.
ALAMEDA APVEBT ? S r M»TS
AXAMEDA COTTAGES TO LET.
READY tor occupancy: a naw 6- room cottasm
' Jot SOxlQS: terms : make an offer. Se* owner.
I J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. AlaaMda.
! — — — — <^— ' " M<
BERKELEY ADYEKT^NTS
BEBKE1EY ST!AT. ESTATE.
— <350<V—
A CHOICE hots* on Delawar* «., Berkeley; 9
rooms and bath; lot 40x135: new and modera:
•unsT exposure; fine new; «a*y terms oc
payment if desired; no troabl* to show prop*
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (lac*.
1173 Broadway, earner FourtaanUi st..
$15O DOW2T • " '.
To e'ese bat my holdings In Golden Oate and
. near Ashby station, en the Key route. 1 win
• ell lots and build small bomaa en your own
plans for only $150 down.
M. L. WTTRT3 A CO.. 1323 Broadway. 00-
posfte Postoffice.
BEB3TETJT BTQgZS TO UK.
BAKER'S oven, store. 4 living rooms, stab!*
for 5 cr 8 hors»s; situated at 'Berkeley sta-
tion; rent $52 per month. MO Ft AN <&
SWAIN. Berkeley station.
FBUITVALE APVEBT'S'TS
rBmi'VAlE MAX ESTATE.
FOR sale-^$2750; it cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. .S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third aveu.
East Oakland.
OAKLAND APYERryMTa
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
OAHASJ BSAIi ESTATE.
$3100— SACRIFICED because owner's immedi-
ate' departure from city; new- 7-room 2-story
colonial house: 2 toilets, bath, combination
fixtures: lot 50x113; street work done; two
blocks Key route ferry; 3O minutes San
Francisco: bank mortgage $21CO can stand;
as speculation biggest snap tn town; see
owner on premises, t-1 Moss ave.. Oakland.:
$1750— FINE home In beautiful Linda Vista
Terrace; new, finely finished In every de-
tail: 9 rooms, etc.: -price reduced from
t ** <*>. Owner must sell on ax-count . of
mortgage.. See
P. C. LASSEN A CO.. M* Tenth St.. Oakland-
BARGA IN — Beautiful 7-r. bom* la Piedmont:
fin* neighborhood; rood location; near car
line: will sell cheap: must b* seen to b* ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 873 36;h st.
IF you want . to buy or sell anything ta tha
way of real estat* coma to 422 Eleventh St..
near Broadway. Oakland.
OAXLABJ aOOMS TO T^ET.
LARGE sonny clean front room, with alcove,
closet, grate and batb; 5 minutes' walk front
Key route: for re«p*etable gentleman only;"
$9 per month. 570 Thirty- fifth st.-. Oakland.
OAtl.ATO StOTTSEJCEEPGrO ROOMS.
TO rent— 3 sunny room*, furnished for house-
keeping: -no objections to children; price $12.
Apply 713 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
QAXUUTD rVTLStl'TUiai TO» SAJ^E.
TO-MORROW tha day for terrains in farntT
. tore. H. • fiebalkaas. ltta st..eor.stor«.OaktaaA
' Continued i on , Pas» Fourteen.
WTTT.y WASTED — MALE- — Continued.
A— MURRAy"& READY. 634 €36 Clay st.
Phone Main 564S.
Leading Employment and -Labor Agents.
We speak . the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
Danish languages. -
l»03 We Gare i»04 We Hope to
6a 000 Men Work. - •Increase 60,000.
CeaJ Miners. Free Fare, CoeJ Miners.
Oregon Stata. Oregon. State Oregon.
f 10 •'
Coal miners for a good mine; big wages.
Ship to-day. Fare Refunded. Ship to-day.
•WASHINGTON.
. ¦ 25
Coal miners for State of Washington. $3
to $3 73.
GOLD AND COPPER MIXES. SILVER
MINES. MINES.
6 hand miners, grood quartz 'mines, $S2 £0.
4 miners, gold mice. $90.
CONCENTRATOR MAN.
Concentrator man. good gold mine. $75.
U. B.
GOVERNMENT "WORK.
NEVADA. r STATB NEVADA.
$1 FEE. 6HIP TO-DAT. $1 FEE.
20 teamsters. 2 and 4 horses. $75.
. 20 laborers^ co experience needed, $75.
SPECIAL
NEW WORK.
15 teamsters for new work in center of
mining district. $60 fare $1 90; ship to-night.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 CUy st.
MISCELLANEOUS
MECHANICAL.
3 hardwood carpenters, $3 75 day; ? carpen-
ters. $3 50 day; blacksmith, country. $80 and
found; 3 bench hand*. $30; machia* hand
placiag mill, $3 50.
HOTEL HELP.
5 cocks: 4 waiters; 7 kitchen hands and
dishwashers: butchers; bakers
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
27 farm hands; 6 milkers; 9 choremen; 7
choreboys. city and country.
6 stablemen.
FOR A BIG RANCH.
10 plow teamsters good ranch, all winter* •
job. $40 and found.
SPECIALS.
Hamessmaker. ranch, fare $1 30, $10 and
found; carpenter, finisher, city. $* day;
tailor, country shop; 4 young men, factory.
city; bookkeeper and stenographer, country;
butcher, country shop; camp cook. 20 men,
near dty. $35 and found: w one in* foreman,
ranch south. $35 to $40 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-63« Clay st.
A RELIABLE porter for ficur room; must
have exrperience in flour mills: no drinking
man; state age and give reference. Bex
4450. Call office.
FIRST-CLAS3 barber wants Sunday and Men.
day Job or short hours steady. Box 4S78,
Call office.
WANTED — .Von-UKlon job pressman for out-
side town; first-clasa. '217 Crossley . bldg-.
MEN— The original TSO. A. MOLER hat
opened one of hi* famous barber colleges at
644 Clay it.; trade taugat la 8 weeks; tuition
earned while learning; constant practice; ex-
pert instructions: positions guaranteed. CaU
or write (correct number) 644 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trade; enly eight weeks
required: only institution teaching the.tpn-
Borlal art. Call or write for free catalogue.
Fpecial offer. Moler Barber Collere, 64»
Sacramento st-
2 LIVE men who can furnish bond, horse and
waron; good opening for the right parties:
tool money. Call at 510 Thirteenth' ' St..
Oakland, between 9 end 12 a. m.
WANTED— Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspcnd-
- ence Institute. Grant tlig.. 1095 Market st.
LEARN barber trade at Haight'*; he teaches
you fre« in shops; only practical method;
wages while learning; don't mix us with fake
barber colleges. 647 Commercial »t.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor. . has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hou?e.
217 Third »t. ; 2SO rocms: 25c to 50c per night.
TWO good, experienced solicitors, city or coun-
try: new roods: very liberal terms. Apply
room 721 Starr King bldr-. 121 Geary st.
WANTED — First-class clothing salesman for
an out of town store. Address box 4060,
CaU efflce.
TWO cr. three men to car.va-e from our
warens; steady* work and. good pay. C. F.
ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st.
WANTED— Schoolboy to carry morning paper
. north Market si., east Powell; no Sunday
work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS Jobbing plumber and roof re-
pairer; state wages and where last em-
ployed. Bex 3981. CaU office.
WANTED— Men to fill 550 rooms at . 20c -per
night; clothes clcsets. hair mattress; electric
light in every rocm. 661 Howard st.
S. F. Barber CcUege. 741 Howard St.. wants all
younr men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of St. Louis; red. rate*.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c 563 Mist-Ion St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third rt-. Examiner building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st~. Exam.bld. ;open till 9 p.m.
WOOD working machine hand for Pine furni-
ture factory. 2147 Folsom st.
WAXTED — A younr crocery cJerk with ref-
erences. Box 4449. Call office.
BOY about 16 years, for office work; apply bet.
¦ 3 and 3 p. in. Merchants' Exp. Co., 15 Spear.
ONE first-clau cake baker. Address I. S.
MULFORD. Eureka. CaL -
CARPENTERS, boatbuildera, helpers, laboring
men. l*-tfc and Illinois sts.. Potrero.
2 BOYS about 20- years of age; special* work.
607 Market st.
BARBER shop for sale. 1934 Market St.; at a
»acrlflce; mutt -be sold. .
BARBER snep for sale on Market it; good
shep. Apply Call office.
FOR SALE — Well located barber shop: good
transient trade. Box 4S81. CaU office. t
MALE par.tRaaker for country. Apply to
REISS BROS. A CO.. 24 gutter st.
TWO young men. learn th* barber trade tn
shop free. 751 Mission st.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
st.. third floor, room 4.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try .agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st.
MEN to learn the detective profession. 897
Market ru. room 104.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr all parts of
tne world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st., where shoes are re-
paired by machirery; sewed soles 10 min., 75c
SAILORS ana young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson *c -
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 329 Mantgy., r.415.
PENSION atty.. E.A.BulIls. r. 40. Phelan bldg-.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. K.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third «t.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; ,35c night; reading rooms;
free 'ba« and barrage to and from ferry. '
ALL ilzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. l>tZ Mitilon »t.. bet, lit and 2d sts.
' HOBSES AJTP WAQOHS.^
FINE river bottcm pasturage: green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stable*. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
FOR sale 8 second -hand express wagons, one
single , truck. 233 Beale st.
BIG bargains m all kinds of steel-tire and rub-
ber-tire surreys. 1503 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of bueinesa wagons, buggies and
carts ; cheap. l£O4- < 0 Folsom st.
30 GOOD, cheap hcrset; clocing cut; must be
sold at once. Fifteenth and Shctwell sts. -
WAGONS, buggle*. *urreys cheap . at 103
Golden Gate ave. ¦ -. - . .
GOING out cf business: sew and second-hand
wagon* •old' cheap.' 1680 Mission st..' rav 13th.
AUCTION sale of hcrse*. r wagons and harness
' every Wednesday at II *¦ m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nea*. . work k. driving horx>*. 13th-Valencla.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
CaU branch office, cor. Duncan and Church tt*.
A BRANCH efflce of The CaU for the recep-
tlcn of advertisement* and subscription* has
been opened . at 1008 Market ; St.. . opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m." - • ¦
..'.,.. _\ _."_.._ , _ HOPTOS TO IIT.' . ' . I ¦ .' .
A— PRINTED list of house* to let; send for clr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 20 Montgomery.
H0TT8E8 TO '. TjITT— TVBJSnSMXD. ",.
LYON,- 120 — 8 room*, bath, piano, furnace; 'fur- 1
. - nlshed or unfurnished. Apply- 504 Steiner
•C" 10 to 1 o'clock.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. nrcdred at CaU branch office. 2200 Fillmore «t
Hiaj wANTia>--ririir ATiB.
C<X>K for hotel. Shasts, County UO
Cook for ranch. S*n Lais Oblsp* *»
2 cootes. crlrat* faaille* J^ 0
Launiress. testitotloo - ?'«
Cock. Aliivi* *22
Houst'KxxiL no «-SJh» Ross *3Q
Waitress, nospltsi : - J20
Secocd butl*r ." '• »«
. CtajaTaermiid. wait o=e meal *~>
Assist ta delicatessen store, no room J2»
Dr«*=aeier. Lg* A&reles W? ?**
Also waist finisher* VJa
Restaurant waitress. sraaU plac* i*vS2
; nurs* Elrts, asvist witn second worit. ..»•»
40 ppa«ral housework rirls. cttT and c^un-
trr. »20. 523. »ao. Apply ta J. F. CROSETT
' • & CO.. 33* Setter st.
A— \VAXTEI>-<llris to team halnJressln^
¦jsameurln*. etc.; trade taacat from A to *
in 2 weeks; tuition S3 to those enterlnr now,
• three posiUotu to fill inried lately: I** 1 " 0 "
C-jaranteed at S10 per week up: leading
school in West. 253 Geary St.. room 13-
WAN-TEX>-Glrls to leara irJlllnery now^ f or
'all kuod: both muc=5 ta^ ht jT^ i *} M fl
to ftntea in oc* month foe »: txfsitiooa u
trimmer*, .alesladies. makers. ru*ran"^. at
110 r>er week ud" T poeitsons »^» be cuea irn-
• L^e7y PaVlorST«3 Stockton st,, r. 13.
A-PACIF1C Cx>Ue K e teaches tal " Ire^ a «'
practice a day: «--iar*=tee positions ; only
- rec^iSed college of it* kind on coast: day
£^SnTeiS~*: all parior work at re-
daoed price*. 133 Powell St.
WAXTBD-T(W^ ciri as apprenUoe talearn
the 'ancr F>oi» business. S1ABKS BRQS..
1220 Market t r ~
EXPERIENCED c*ckw*ar maker "«^te4.
ApplT between 9 ani U a. m. at HALD
BR08.'
TTANTET> — '3'rl for reneral housework and
cookiSr: «a*^ fa=^ly: wagf. »2q 24 H1U st.
CIKL to awlst in twsewoit; nmat be rood
cook; wages S20. SS2* Army st.
LAT-T with sosie aeass as ais.-)Hat» editor.
O. AUSTIN. CS tV. Sasta Oara tt..San Jcjse>
A REFINED tfri to c»re for aa toTalid cMld;
apply 10 to 12. 300S Pin* st.
tV ANTED — £>ery girl in town to ask her
rather far CHICLETS.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress; »ood wage*. CaU
early. SCS XT' men se.
TOrNO «-lrl for secenfl work; American family.
CaU between 9 and 12 a. EL. 500 Van Ness.
EXPERIENCED sewtns; machine cperatcr* on
overalls, coats and Jumpers: steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS <t CO^ 23«4 Fremont st.
Arrly to Mr. Dan«.
La:-:h?. w* will teach barber trade free to 6
r. --• '.«-:¦.'•* and p«.r them S1O each for first 8
weeks: call or -write. JNO. A. MOLERS
Barber Collere (correct number), C44 day st.
VaNTED — Ladi** to learn barber trade; only
fi we«ks required; halrdressin; and manicur-
'.r.jc tauxfct :" four weeks. MOLER BAR-
BER COLLEGE, ©43 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Ladles to do piece work at hosve ;
steady eau>lcyaent; cood pay; ezperieaoe un-
necessary. CaU rmm* Spreckela tlir.. 927
Market »*- . rocsa ?'!.
U'AXTED — 2 vest operators that can back
vests; steady positions; power machines.
Apply S. N. WOOD CO.. 4» Geary st.
¦A. CVLTtTRED woman for kirh-d&s* position;
, trailing clven. Box S&00. Call. ¦
j HUP WAJTTEP— MAXX.
WANTED — Tally and rhlppiRr clerk tor coun-
try sawrniU: reUwood: mest do little book-
lfe»;:r.« tr.i lock after yardmen; $SO and
' /ouTid. See J. F. CRCSETT & CO.. C23 Sao-
• rair.er.to •*.
WANTED — Touar man for milk depot; lcnowl-
e-ije cf plain accounts to keep, as well as
several small duties to perform; 363 salary;
r.ice place. See J. F. CROSETT A CO.. «2S
. Sacramento st.
WANTED — A section working foreman for
•s.»-mi:i woods railroad: $50 aad found; also
a eood helper: Hi and found: both mes to
.'be eiperi*i:c*J and wiUi=«- to work; splendid
p'sees fcr the right men. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento et.
BECOND butler, Jlf> ar.d fourd; man and wife,
small ranch. $30 and found; 2 farmers.
Southern Caiifcmia. 130 snd found: jack-
¦ screwier. S45 and beard: swamper. J40 aad
board: cork, country hotel. JCO. milker and
*iie flf* an<! irtual: and others.
• J. F. CKO£ETT * CO.. C2S Sacramento sc
¦ .. ¦ * • ".
AT C. R. HANSEN i CO.'S EMP. AGENCY.
429 Bush «t W2 CUy st.
IFreaca or Italian first »nd secosd cook, coun-
try hotel $100
Pastry confectioner $75 and bvard
Ehop butcher who can drive waron-$14-$19 wk
Mimed pardener, private place. coon;ry..
:.... .$50 and house
Experienced solicitor for err* and better.
dty $50 and commission
Camp cook $60
Teamster* and laborers. State cf N>vada,
. »hlp ta-ci«i:t : $2 50 day
C. R HANSEN It CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
423 Bush st 642 Clay ft.
¦A cclored porter, country hotel, party here
- 0.$ZO and found
C. r. iiAN>EN A CO 429 Bu.h .t
PERBT^S MERCANTILE BITREAU.
*06 Market rt., room 323. firth floor.
QTfiie hour*. » a. m. to 6 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Ptenorrapher tlS week
':^.s:t department store $25 week
BUI ao-1 entry clerk $15 week
, Drur clerk $12 week
Checker -.-¦. S15 week
" Timekeepers $15 week
•Accountant : $15 to $25 week
Ccllectcr $15 week
Floor manager $1S week
2 .-.-.::; :~g cUrks $15 week
General office mxrk $15 week
Bar.k clerk, bend required $23 week
• Yoar.s; man. learn dentistry $10 week
808 Market st.. rocm 225, fifth 2ocr.
~ AT HORD *c SMITH'S.
• " Coctrsuctcrs* Arerrta. 95 Third st.
' Flrrt-das» carpenter, ccuntry, $3 60; must be
' able, to take charr* of work: boss here.
_ fc&ok. «nall fcr»t-cla«» hotel. San Jose, $63
and found.
• Tea solicitor, city: tig tndocments.
Cook, small hctei near city. 9Z5 and found.
'Amador County: taaincters. $2; fare $2 35.
' ' '. NEVADA.
' Laberers. $2 SO.
Teajnsters, tt 50.
Fare. $10 90.
¦WANTED — &Iar.a«-er crockery tad house Jur-
r.-.tY-'rc gnods by department store in North-
• yra California ; we want an active man. one
who can push a department and who ha*
ezecotlve abiUty: address in own handwrlt-
(.'-s and *¦:'¦• full particulars; appilcatiocs
treated tn ccmMence. Apply box 4422. Call.
TTASiTED — Manarer stationery and Jewelry de-
• partment by a department store tn Northern
CaliZcrnia; we vant an active man, (me who
• can pnsh a deparuscct and has executive
• 4h::::v; *3i?ress m ewn handwriting and giv«
full parUculars: application* treated In con-
, frlenee. Apply baz 4451. CaU of flee.
•JTANTED — Experience"! domestic salesman.
• Apply between » and 11 1. a. it HALE
. BROS.'
EXPERIENCED rlty salesmen; $3 p-r d*y If
. • : xu can do the bu»l&ess. Call 2731 Mission
*t_. between Id and 2. to-day.
WANTED — A atronr youn*; man about X7 or
:» years old as utork- clerk: references r»-
qoired. Address F. R.. box 4*22. CaU efnee.
WAXTED— Boji, white cr colored. ar»« 14 to
. 1«. call at 7 a. m.. 12? Hierory are., rear
third Cpot. between Franklin and Gongh st*.
WANTED — Stock boy for salt department. R.
D. DAVIS A CO.
WANTED— Errand bey. R. P. DAVIS * CO.
•BAREEB for Saturday at 606 Fourteenth «t^
Oakland.
MAN or woman to open photo, studio; no e*p»
•. ital req»lT<d. Bex 4433. Call office.
WANTED — Good rose "grower. 225 Kearsy *t.
TEN cabinet -makers, city, at once; $3 day
COSTIGAN * CO.'S, «24 Clay st.
BOT5 wanted. 14 to J«. Appir 7a.-m. 12&
Higggry ar*. rear, third gaor: refer, required.
w AN' m>— T j find the business mas who doe*
not like Chiclet*..
' 'WANTED— Experienced cabinet-makers; rood
ware*. 25 Btocktan st.
FIVE palgters wsntefl. Clay aad Taylor su.
GP.OCERY- clerk wanted with references. - Bex
4440. Cxll. - -
ERRAXD boy wanted at- 835 Market rt..
*^* "• B*»sssBMBss«sssWwPsWy|
ED KEWTOK. Umio Call Greenwich
•t. ROBT.-U CLARK.
O* *•••••••••••• ,aaa.«s*>-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.aaaaa>aaa»aa •• ••••••• •••••• a a . »»»*Q
8 ' ; ' ' -¦¦-¦-""¦¦-' ¦¦ | .-.---.v-:.-. ¦¦ :/ ::¦¦¦¦.<¦¦"-..¦,:¦¦/:¦::.. ¦¦¦/"¦ ' ¦ ¦ .-.¦¦¦ - •¦ .:.. :^ 1||
§• WW Wilt The OId New En S land Customs W*B IT IT -I
o *• >»m ¦¦ «ss**w > # # # i\.cvivcu in A^cuiiornia • • • ¦ «•
1 1 ; =J — , l — ; — ; 1 1
g' Our .'Want* Ad Patrpivs May This Week Enjoy a Boston Sunday Breakfast* Free. to
• ;; ' ' ' '""'_ ' '' " ' / \ ••', • ;V-'- '";" • —: — : — — = — |o
e lftfe|aQEBaM5BB Bring your Want Ads to our office and secure ||
S |^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ a full size package of this immensely popular new 1%
2 food preparation. It is the only Boston Brow 1 *o
•? s^^^^ reac^ Flo ur in existence, a pure food, and, like "The ?§
t\ H^fl N^J^' t?^^^^^W^^li Cal1^' wanted at evef y breakfast tabIe - h squires 1%
®S HlW^>^^^/^^^^%^^^R^S no nan^ in ? or kneading, merely the use of a little :§
§; w^^^^^^^5KK^^^^r^ra water simply mixed with a spoon, thus eliminating jg
It Sl^lw^^ e usua * anno Y ance anc^ 'trouble of preparation, jj
§: B!^^\^^ et Pancakes and muffins/may be almost instantly made. J|
•• -^^^ <^^P^fe^i3 DIRECTIONS FOR USING ALLEN'S BOSTON ?©
I! I € ~~^^^^^MM BR.OWN BREAD FLOUR. \%
g* ; J^JV'V^ TffL Ui ._ ' SS BOSTON BSOWN BBEAD.. BEEAXTAST MTTPPrSS. J^
2 # *M [ Um »« W& /^J^^T^lW^^^ Sri ¦ Two cups Allen's B. B. B. Flour. V, Two cups Allen's B B. B. Flour. 2 ta- 9
fL* ™. l V^W\ -HB KSL & ~W\fkt< : TMt^^M 9&8 c«P New Orleans molassea and li; blespoonfuls sugar; 1 Va cups sour m U o
¦»? : la-vUM J^MT^I^%£7^y(^^&^XZ%m& cups of cold water; mix thoroughly. Put and 1 einr Beat all together and bwe * JJ
•t BwAwftkW l^* 1^ ) i^^sfZ^rfl^'/ezM this quantity into two 1-lb baking pow- in gem pan.T twenty minutes. f g
©! ¦ SmI\i* \?'V' — ' I ' J-^^^'X^' y^f/A^^ der cans: have cans well greased and fill CHrLOREN'S PTTDDmO. «S
()| 38a \tV TO^ - ' ¦ ZfZl/K. S^ about half full; put on covers: set up- i nt0 2 cups of B. B. B. Flour stir one «Z
O lM Hsl i a\ V\\'\ / '/'///frfi iS&k right In steamer or kettle of boiling cup raisins, V= cup suet. 1 tea-spoon- *x
©* ' i^^lWA 1 C X^-^^^^x^ fa'- ft S^^ water and boil 2 hours. Do not let wa- f u \ o f cinnamon. 1 teaspoonful cloves; ••
ft* S*S3^'»4 Ww\ ( s. \ PW8l t«x pet Into the cans. To slice smoothly aa( i i e?ff> i^ cup >Tew Orleans molasses ,•
3* ' H^A^vSTT^ TTt- —Tl. ) *^*£%&%' ''rfMt'W&k dip k" ife !n co ' d water - and 1 cup sweet milk. Steam 2 hours. «•
f! ' B'iili gSSIirljS?!^ liSSsSfigrp^: ;I
®* jlM\Vt'u\vv W/ffi-ivSrh ' GBIBDIiE CAKES. and add H cup N>w Orleans molasses. *q
®« flrfV\V *\^ \ us. -^_^^<^ y */?&$'/ l^gi One cup Allen's B. B. B. Flour. 1 tgg. 1 cup sweet milk. 1 egs. 1 teaspoonful ? *%
€*? #^'Mv'' \\ > \ lw H isf^^ I ff t&^ 14 cups sour milk. Beat well together cloves and Vt a nutmeg grated. Steam *r
«? E^-Yk* U v \\V Ir I I Bm'SJ^^^y^^^^/^^ and Wake on hot prtddle. If the batter two hours. Serve with cream sauce. • JJ
si ? a^lVm' t^V V *¦'¦ \w- *'^??>52^ r '%&SAjk^ seems too thick add a spoonful of water Firs, dates or raisins may be substl- ? *»
8l*^^ TPADE ALLEN'S BOSTON BROWN* BRXAD FLOUR j|
•* S#t^^^ ALLEN'S B. B. B. FLOUR CO., he. \%
•• •^iw^^^^* PACIFIC COAST FACTORY, SAN JOSE. CAL. \%
• f \/^^^^^^^^^m^ " Convenient for prompt delivery to every dealer. J©
• t » ¦¦-.¦¦-. _ 1 Will receive, Free, a full size package of this famous Flour. Ic
|| ASK YOUR GROCER FOR. IT^^ — : — — : %
|JCAL,L BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS. j j
|| OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY j|
CAKES tree=PLUM PUDDING SUNDAY CALL' WANT ADS— FREEVICTORIA, B C. Nov 3 — The Br stmr Dea
callon. which arrived yesterday from Liverpool
will leave for Vancouver at daybreak Friday!
Per-*chr Abble. Captain Larsen — On' Oct 20,
<> p m. 25 miles SW of Cape Mendoclno, during
a southeasterly gale, with mountains of sea.
sprung a leak; put at lhands at the pumps,
but the water gained raeldly. and the seas
were washing constantly over the vessel at that
time; 25.C0O feet of .lumber was washed over
board, which saved the vessel from becoming
water-logged; carried away Jtbboom by heavy
in m ii i <imnnwwiijii>i .
MEMORANDA
BRISBANE — Sailed Nov 3 — Stmr Moana.
from : 8ydney. Lyttleton and Auckland, for
Vancouver, via Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Nov 3— Stmr G C Llo
dauer; stmr Newburg, for San Francisco.
Arrived - Nov 3 — Bktn John Smith, hence
Oct 24. ¦-:.-- .
DOMESTIC PORTS,
« VICTORIA, B C, Nov 3 — Report of atmr
Tremont yesterday was a mistake of'Tatoosh
observers. Stmr Tremont is expected here
Friday morning.
CORRECTION.
Br ' shiD Lady Doris, from Newcastle, Aus,
for San Francisco.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— MIDNIGHT.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Johnson, Mukllteo.
Stmr Newsboy, l^ee. Crescent City.
Ship Tillle E. Starbuck. Ulnn. Newcastle,
N S W.
Thursday, Nov. 3.
Whaling stmr Jeannette, Newtb, 25 days
from Arctic Ocean.
SAILED.
Thursday, Nov. 3.
ARRIVED,
LATE SHIPPIXG IXTEL.LJGEXCE.
, Berry- Bangs Land ¦ Company (a corporation)
to Mary.Polk Du Bose, lot on TV line of Ben
venue avenue. • 195.70 8 -. of p : Russell i street S
45.16." W: 160.R6. N 4fl.E 164.63, lot 5, block L
Berry-Bangs Tract," map 2, Berkeley, deed and
agreement; $10.- '
'•¦ J. : S. and • Jennie ; Nicholas to Anna Alberg.
lot on NB ¦; line . of '¦¦, East Twenty-first street.
139:RVi SE of Twenty-fourth avenue SE 35 by
NE;150. block N, ; map subdivision Fifty Asso
clatenV Tract.- East Oakland; $100. '.
r Horace ¦_' D. ,. and -. Carrie • M. Irwln ¦ to ' Boyd
Campbell,' lot on S line of Harmon street. 400 E
of Calais, E 38 by S 135, portion lot IS block
A, map subdivision SW portion plat 53 Peralta
Rancho, Berkeley; $10. ;:":.¦¦•
Mosswood Association (a corporation) to
Harlow P. Bancroft, lot 6 and ¦ E half of lot
B%, amended map Mosswood Tract, Oakland;
$10. •
Harlow. P. Bancroft to John O. Cook, undi
vided half of lots 1 ¦ to . 14. block E. Santa Fe
Tract 2,' Oakland, deed and agreement, $10 J "
Edward Pierce to Mary \ G. Ryan (wife of.
W. H.). lot on S line, of "Thirty-first street.
291:8 W of Grove, W 33:4 by 8 140, portion lot
12, block 2034. Oakland; $700.
George F. Ji*, and Mary A.' Witter "to Leo L.
Nichols, . lot on N corner of East Fifteenth
street and Seventeenth avenue, NW 50 by NE
140. lota 11 and 12, block 29. San Antonio, East
Oakland, ; quitclaim - deed : $10.
David Moss to Margaret Mosa (wife), lot on
W line of Tenth street, ISO N of Channing
way, N 60 by W 130, portion lots 11 and 12,
block ¦. 122, corrected map Raymond ¦ Tract
Berkeley: $10. - .
Berkeley Development Company, to Frank F.
Chamberlln, lot on E line of Spruce street 110
N of Glenn avenue. N 25, NB 131.08 S 20 W
132, being N: half of lot 24. block B. Hopkins
Terrace, map No. 2. etc., Berkeley; $10.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
John and Sophie Smith, I6t on NB line of Lau
rance street, 335 SE of Baker avenue. SE 25
by NE 150. lot 18. Rio Grand Tract; $10. •
¦ Joaqufm Antonio and Maria Sllvelra (wife)
to Jose Cardoso da Sllva, lot 3, map No 3
portion Nielsen Tract In Soto Rancho. Eden
Township; $10. . .
Robert W. Good to Margaret Good (wife),
lots 8 and 0, block C, Leonard Tract, Berke
ley: gift. ¦
' Benjamin F. and Meda 8. Brown to Denton
C. Piper, lot on NW corner of Prince' and King
streets. W CO by N 75:3. portion lot 17, block
0, lands Regent-street Homestead .Association,
Berkeley; $10. , : •>
Mary Stange- or "Mary Hamilton Stange to
Jane Hamilton and- Jane Terry, all Interest
(being an undivided third Interest) had or
which might be acquired ns heir at law of
Robert Hamilton (deceased) and all Interest
in following: Lot on S corner, of Eleventh ave
nue and Lacey street, SW 75 by SE 150, block
110, Clinton, East Oakland, and property out
of county; $1. •
Bradbury Estate Company (a corporation) to
«lmcna Bradbury, 10.42 and 5.20 acres, same as
In second and third descriptions In first deed
in transcript 4125, July 30, 1004, Oakland; $17.
140. ' V- „
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Belle Myers,
lot on E line of Claremont avenue. 101:3 S of
Hardy street. S 50, E"202 to center of Temescal
Creek, thence N along same to intersection
with line dividing lots 33 and 34, thence W 1S6
to beginning lots 34 and 35,- map Claremont
Park, j ax resubdlvislon of lots 3 to- 8, block I
Vernon Park; Oakland; $10.
Charles W. and Lou L.. Stllwell to Louise
Bauer (wjdow), lot on N line of. Delger or
Twentieth street, 211.17 W of Telegraph ave
nue. N 100, W 30. S 1C0, E 29:8, Oakland; $10.
Continental Building and Loan ' Association
to W. F. Courtney, lot on S line of Orchard
street (or avenue). 294.27 E of New Broadway,
E 32. SW 150. NW 32. NE 150, Academy
Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Alamcda Couniy.
Spence (contractor), architect Henry A. Schulze
—Repairs, "alterations and additions to build
ing 622 Market street; $3488.
OLYMPIA. Nov. 3.— M. S. Snyder,
J. Russell, W. Dekney and Sherman
Fiannigan, well known citizens of this
city, are reported lost in the Olympia
reserve, thirty-five miles from here.
They left Hoquiam last Thursday night
with the rest of. the homestead seekers
and have not been seen or heard of
since. A posse was formed to-night
and left to take up the search In the
morning.
Liost in the Olympia Reserve.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 3.— John
Kay, aged 17, was this evening found
guilty , of murder and • sentenced to be
hanged January 17. The boy is in the
last stages of consumption and it is
•probable that he will never live to be
hanged. The crime for which Kay Is
sentenced was that of the murder of
John Spittall, a'hunter. .. *r~
Boy Is Convicted of »Murder.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3.— Harry Wake
field, aged 22 years, was arrested this
afternoon on a charge of stealing goods
from Hanen's grocery store. "When ac
cused of his crime Wakefleld broke
down and confessed. Ke, said that he
had taken the goods so that he would
be ready to go to housekeeping when
his wife returned from San Francisco.
Stole Goods to Furnish His Home.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 3.— H. A.
Vonder Neinberg committed suicide at
the St. Charles Hotel this forenoon by
shooting himself, through the head. He
had been melancholy for some time and
wrote to a friend in San Francisco that
he intended killing himself. Letters to
friends at.Avalon and the East were
found, but none threw any light on the
suicide. .- • v- •/£?¦
Shoots Himself. Through the Head.
CHICO, Nov. 3.— An audience that
tested the capacity of the Chico Opera
house , greeted Duncan E. McKinlay
h'ere to-night. The best people of this
suction occupied the seats and filled the
standing room, listening for an hour
and a half to a splendid resume of the
political, issues of the day. McKinlay
received the closest attention of the
hundreds of voters in the audience and
his telling points were frequently inter
rupted by applause.
Judge Frank f — •--* of Fresno fol
lowed with an eloquent address along
national lines. McKinlay's tour . of
Butte , County has produced a great
change in the situation. Last night he
spoke to a crowded house at Stirling
City, winning many supporters by the
high plane , of discussion . he assumed
and the eloquent manner in which he
discussed the political issues. The
same effect is evident here to-night,
where his presence has revived the en
ergies of the Republicans, who now
assert that the Congressional nominee
will receive his full party vote in this
county. •• .¦>.- .v: 1 ' ¦¦. ¦- ' . '>•
Duncan E. McKinlay Delivers a Tell
ing Speech at Chieo.
AROUSES GREAT ENTHUSIASM.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. . 3.— A
negro porter employed by the Santa
Pe Company accepted $15 from a rath
er well - dressed hobo "Wednesday night
to arrange for his * reaching Kansas
City. When the train reached Barstow
during the night the "hobo" was no
where to be found, but there was a
telegram discharging the porter. The
company has placed a number of de
tectives in the disguise of tramps and
vagrants on the trail of suspected
trainmen and the expectation is that
some of the freight men will also be
caugh.t.
Accept Money From Those Who Wish
to Travel Cheaply and Carry
Them Over the Road.
~ M. . Salomon , (owner) * with Herbert ¦' Lowry
(contractor), architect' H. y E.-- Harrls-^All . work
for 'a? one-story 'frame' building: on lot 9,' block
7, Falrmount' Tract; $1650. H^«S' s 5B8S&*w|<Wl
k- Albert '- J.'* and '; Mary E. ':: Hart ' (owner?) with
Denke Bros.'.' (contractors), 1 ! architect — — . T All
work for; a" three-story^ frame -building '.(three
fiats) i on > lot ion ? W J line >- of ' Masonic- avenue,'
114:6 sN;of'.WalleristreeCiN;28,-:W. 100, 8 6,
W^C:3.-«S < 23,'- EU06:3; ,$11,650. ' " ':
Moss-Mler. Company ; (owners) : with ; A. T.
Builders' Contracts.
' James E. Kingston to John H. Kingston, lot
on . N line of ; Seventh avenue. 125 W of N
street. "NrlOO. W to -Rsfllroad avenue. 8 to
Seventh avenue, E. to beginning, lots 25 to 28,
block, 126, :O'N. and H. 'Tract; rift.
¦ Same to Paul : F. and John H. Kingston, lots
1892 to; 1897,- gift map 4; gift. . •
- Anna'Joost to. James K.- Ross, lots 23 to 24,
blocklP. City Land Association; $10.
¦-• Anna D. Joost to *>ame, lots 1, 4, 10 and' 11.'
block 19. -' lots 44 and -45. block. 23, City. Land
Association; $10. .; ''
¦• John - J.v Ormsby to . same, lot on E' line of
Thornton" street. 100 N of Shields. N 60 by B
100. -lots 9 and 1O. ; block 5," same; $10. ;'• . -..
..James K. and Marie Ross to John J. Meehan,
lots ;!., 4.-10. 11. 23 and 24, block 19. lots 44
and 45. block 23, -lots 0 and 10, block 6, same;
$10.-,. ,.-»-,-¦...-•-,-;.->• ¦^-¦¦- -••-.;;,-¦: -:.:-.:-..}
' Walter H. Lord to Maud B. Bose, : lot on SW
linn of Twentieth avenue," 125 NW of I street,
NW, 25 by. 8 W, 100, block 401," South San Fran.;
cisco Homestead; also lot on 8 line of Thirty
first* avenue, .75 E of I street,^ E 60 by S 100,
block 652,": Bay . Park, quitclaim deed : $1 .
•' J.'- H.'i and , Daisy -. M. ¦ Jordan » to-- Souhle •; E. -
Batz. undivided half of lot 2, block D, Spreck
els subdivision of block A, B and D, Park Hill
Homestead 2; $10. ¦--} •¦ ' ¦ ; ,/'-..
¦ J. H. Jordan to Daisy M. Jordan/ same; gift.:
•Julius C.Relsito John Henebry. ¦ lot '. 7, : block
2."* ReU. Tract;': grant.'?. ; - ¦: .' ' '-•'¦¦'. ' " : •
: ¦•• 8. - Ducas i Company; to ¦ Georgs - Ryan, lot ' on
W. line • of Sutler utreet/ and - SB of <¦¦ Peralta
avenue, •; 8 270:6, NW 267 :0%, : NE : 268 :9, : block
2^: Franconla ;$l.v : ¦*., •; •
Sophie and Julian Le Roy White to Patrick
H. Murphy, lot on N line of Lombard street,
220 W of Buchanan,: W 55 by N 120; $10.
John J. Meehan to Charles C. Lord, lot on
S line of Ellis street, 167:8 W of Scott, W
25 by,S 137:6; $10.
Georg 8 W'. and Ella Kline to Henrietta
Gassner. lot on ,W line of Ashbury itre«t, 90
S of Haight. S CO. .W 118:9. N 60. E 2S:»,
N 10. E W); $10. -
John- and Jennette Beckett to Henry A. and
Margaret G. Patten, lot on E line of Tremont
avenue, 496 8 of Frederick street, S 23 by
K SO; |10.
M. H. and Kate I de Youns to Thomas J.
Kearney, lot on E line of Shrader street, 107:6
N of Grove. N 25 by B 110* $10.
Blanche E. Curry to Forrest R. Curry, un
divided lot on S line of Waller street,
131:3 W of Shrader, W 25 by8 137:0; $101
Same to Charles . E. Curry, undivided %
same: $10. •
. John B. McCloskey to William R. Young
(trustee), lot on NW corner of Tyler (Golden
Gate avenue) ; and WlUard streets. W- 25 by
N.100; $10. >»*..
j City and County of San Francisco to Her
mann F. Konrad, lot on W line of Julian
avenue, 200 8 of Fourteenth street. S 25 by
W 100; $ . .
John "Sheld- to Anna I. Sheld, lot on E line
of Landers street, 210 S of Fourteenth, S 50
by E 125; irlft.-- .--;•;
Edward Uwiers to Michael Landers, un
divided 1-10 of lot on W line of Bhotwell
Btreet, 100:4 S^of Twenty-second, S 81:8, W
122:6 3 24, W 22:0. N 105:8. B 145; also
lot on W line. of Shotwell street, 250 S ot
Twenty-second. 8 40,, W 122.6, N 30, W 18,
N 45. E 18, S 35. E 122:0; also lot on SB line
of Market street, 206 NE of. Fourteenth, NB
25 by SE 100, lot 1. block N, Railroad Home
stead; $10. ,
Anna Jooet (wife of B.). Christine C. and
Georgiana A ~ M. Hencken and Ida M. Hacke
(wife of William C.) to Anna D. Joo«t, lot on
W line of Vicksburg street. 00 N of Twenty
third, N 50 by W 117:6; $10. *
Anna D. Jaoet to Helen C. Prior, lot on W
line of Vlqksburg street. 115N of Twenty
third. N 25 by AV -117:0;
T. E. and Nellie A. Duprey to Thomas. R.
Turner, lot on S line of Twenty-ninth street.
130 W of Sanchez. W 25 by S 114; also lot
on N line of Valley street. 155 W of Sanchez.
W 25 by N 114; also lot on S line of -Valley
street. 255 W of Sanchez. W 25 by N 114; $10.
Charles - G and ¦ Rose E. Stuhr to John D.
and Adelheid R. Graalfs. lot on W linevof
Sanchez street 85 N of Duncan, N '29 by "W
80; $.10. v
. Same • to Anna^K. vA. Thorn, lot on NW
corner of Duncan, and Sanchez streets, N 2S
by W SO; $10.
. Kate and Emil Lleblg to Elizabeth C. Beck
er, lot on S line of Twenty- fourth street. 75
E of Homestead, E' 25 by S'85; $10.
Maud Younger and Lucille Gall to Virginia
T. Younger, lot on NE corner of Eddy and
Glasgow streets, N 75 by E 25; $10.
Robert E. and Dora Williams to John W.
McClymonds. lot on S line of Broadway. . 94
K of Jones street. E 20:6 by S 60; also lot on
N line of Bernard street, 114 E of Jones, E 3:6
by N 60, and all interest in 20 Cov. 149; $10.
Sarah E., Frank A. and Asa H. Phelps to
Armand and Sarah Plcard. Jot on S line of
Pacific street, 104:8 W of Jones. W 32:10 by*
S 90; $10.
James E\ Kingston to Paul F. and John H.
Kingston, lot on NE corner - of Bryant and
Fifth streets, NE 100 by NW 137:6; also lot
on SW corner of Second avenue j and Q street,
NW .532:8. SW 55:9. K< 25:6*4. to R street. SW
157:2%. SE 600, NE 200. block 60 tide lands;
gift.
James O'Connor to National Ice Company,
lot on SW line of Seventh street 80 NW of
Bryant, NW 25 by SW 85: $10.
• Alicp I.. Robert V. and George W. Cunning
ham ; and Maye C. Muller (wife of <Alvln) to
Joseph Laee, lot on N corner of Bryant and
Ninth streets; NW 50 by NE 85; $10.
Real- Estate and Development Company : to
Charles ¦ Canney, lot on: W line of Mlaslejiippi
street. 150 N of Nineteenth, N 60 by .W 100;
alc.o lot on N- line of Nineteenth street 50
W of Mississippi, ~W 25 bv N 100; grant. '
James E. Kingston to Paul F. and John H.
Kingston, lot on E line of Maryland street 50
N of Twenty-sixth. N, 75 by : E 100; ' also lot
on SE' corner of Army and Louisiana streets,
E 100. by S 50; also lot on, W line of Mary
land street, 60 N of Marln N 75 by W 100
gift. • • ¦ ¦. • ' . •¦¦¦-¦¦ .
• Christian Hoffmann to Marie L. Farrell lot
on N line of California street, 57.80 E of Fifth
avenue. E 23.13, N. 86.21, W .25, S 88.78; gift.
1 San Francisco Land Company (a corporation)
to Felix Marcuse, lot on NW corner of Cali
fornia street and Sixth avenue, N 83:6. W 32j6
S 87, E 32:9; $10. , '
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to William E.
and Emma M. Stevens, lot on N W corner of
/California street and Sixth avenue, N 83:8. W
'27:8,'S 83:8, E 27:8: $10.
E. B. and Emma C. Hallett and W. B. and
. Vesta L.'Gee to Louis Jensen, -lot on'SE'cor-
I ner of Tenth avenue and I street, 8 36 by E
05; $10. ¦ -
Bernhard . and ' Rose Getz - to Mary • Bowden',
lot on K line of Nineteenth avenue, 150 N of J
street. ;N 25 by E 120; $10. > >.
Catherine Bennett to . Mary. C. Downes, lot
on Wiline of Twenty-seventh avenue, 150 S of
, R street, 8 50 by; W 120; gift.
: Mary A. Heffernan to William Peters, lot on
S corner ¦ of Fair aven.ua and Mission street,
SW 60. SE 283:6. NE 60, NW 283:6, Preclta
Valley 358; $10. ; ¦-•.-.-..
- ¦ Jacob ¦ Heyman Company (a corporation) to
William G. Smith, lot - on NW line of Paris
street, 275 SW of Persia, SW 25 by NW 100,
block 11; Excelsior Homestead; $10. '' '
Joseph ¦ FltzBtmmons » to ' Mary Wlnthrup,
James P. Fltzslmmcns and Thomas R. Fltz-
Eimmons, lot on S corner, of Seventeenth avenue
and 8 street, SW 200 by SE 60, lots 23 to 26,
block 342. Haley Tract; gift. . ,•¦¦•
: ' J. A. and Matilda Merlgold : (Popp) (Whitney)
to McCarthy Company, lots 9 and 10, block ; D,
Lake View; $10. i
Blanche A. and Antonio Rubin (by California
Safe ¦ Deposit > and Trust Company, - trustee),
2007 D_ 100, lots 43 and- 44. block : 19, Lake
.view, trustee's deed; $1490. ¦
THURSDAY,' NOVEMBER 8.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SAXTA ' FE COMPANY v BEING
ROBBED BY ITS TRAINMEN
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3.— Vice Presi
dent Corral of Mexico was taken to
San Pedro to-day together with his
party and a large number of distin
guished citizens of Lob Angeles on a
special train over the Salt Lake road.
At San Pedro the party boarded the
steamer Warrior and was taken on a
cruise around the great breakwater
which is nearing completion.
Returning to Los Angeles at noon
Senor Corral was the guest at an
elaborate banquet served at a local
hotel. The party of distinguished Mex
icans left to-night for Mexico.
Vice President 'of Mexico Is Elabo
rately Entertained Before Leav
' Ing for Ills Home.
CORRAL AXD HIS PARTY
START FROM LOS ANGELES
STOCKTON, Nov. 3.— In a street duel
at Douglass Flat, Calaveras County,
last evening William Harris, a miner,
whose home is in this city, was shot to
death by Owen Roberts." Shortly before
the shooting Harris had made threats
that he would kill Roberts because of
an old- grievance concerning a mining
claim: About four years ago Harris
had bonded a mine belonging to Rob
erts, and the latter had aided "him, but
the mine was a failure and Harris waa
unable to pay Roberts. He offered to
give him the cabin on the property, Dut
Roberts refused to accept it. When
Harris returned to Douglass Flat a few
days ago he began: drinking, and, then
asserted" that Roberts had beaten him
out of his property. Harris also made
threats to kill Roberts, and the friends
of the latter in warning him advised
him to secure a pistol.
When the two met last evening Rob
erts, who Is held in very high esteem,
attempted to argue and explain, but
Harris abused him and finally drew a.
revolver. Roberts was on . his guard
and sent a bullet Into the neck of Har
ris. A second shot missed Harris, while
a third passed through the right lung.
Roberts fired a fourth shot, but it also
missed. Harris did not have time to fire
once, and when picked up still grasped
the loaded revolver. An inquest was
held to-day and Roberts was exon
erated. The -preliminary examination
will be held as soon as possible.
William Harris; Is Fatally ,Shot by
Man Whose Ufe He 'Had
--'Threatened. .
PASADENA, Nov. 3.-:The members
of ' the congregation of the Friendship
Baptist Church of this city, backed by
the leading Baptist preachers of South
ern : Calif ornia, declared last night that
they would take their case into court
in order, to oust Rev. J. D. Bushel!.", who
refuses',' to' resign,', though asked to do
so. - The trouble -. began a year ago,
when Rev. Mr. Bushell declared that his
followers were nottiear enough tg-God.
Later on he 'declared himself a holi
ness preacher, and said that his church
was no longer a Baptist church.; ,'
At a meeting of the congregation Dr.
Bushell . took the I church covenant and
cast It upon the floor and stamped upon
it. Some of, his congregation stood by
him, but' others dropped : out of the
church, while still others were dis
missed. Finally the clerk of the church
was discharged for alleged immoral
conduct and this precipitated the callr
ing of an ex-parte council, of which the
Rev. .Robert J. Burdette of the Temple
Baptist Church, the Rev. C. O. Willett
of the Orchard-avenue \ Baptist Church
of Los Angeles, the Rev. C. H. Hobart
of the Pasadena First Baptist Church
and others were members. Being re
fused by the pastor admittance to the
church the council met elsewhere and
asked for the Rev. Mr. Bushell's resie
nation. The Rev. Mr. Bushell refused
and referred . the matter to a vote of
his congregation to-night. He got a
majority of the votes, but the Baptist
council will take the matter to court
on the. ground^ that the congregation
had no right to vote, be^ng Holiness
and not Baptist worshipers. i
Congregation of the Frieridsliip 'Bap
tist Church of Pasadena Is Stirred
Up by Dissensions.
RESIGNATION* OP i PASTOR'
IS DEMANDED AND 'REFUSED
DISPUTE . OVER MIXIXG
• CLAIMS ENDS IX KILLING
THE ' SAN- PRANG! SCO : FRIDA Yv' NOVEMJSER ¦ 4, >1004.
14
! RAILWAY TRAVEL. .
I Train* ]«s,Te sni »T» «!«•
f O £p^z\8AN FRANCISCO.
\ • V Jt,] ' * tO51 OcTOBM ** l * 04 '
i X^rf"*^^ \/ ¦ FXEBT D*TOT
' J \jj/ (Foot of Market Street »
> !.>«»«- MAIN LINE. ¦ - »»«it«\
»! 7 C0a v»c»Tilir. Wini-r». Uinusey / 6U»
} 7.D0a Bentcla. Elmtraaml S.-u:r«{Besto.. 723'
I 740a Vailejo. K«p«. CaltstopC Santa
¦ i Kusa. Msrtioez. Saa IUmon B.20>
; ' 3Ca Sties, Tracy. L»t&rop, StocltTon.... 7 23*
,| 8 00A Shasm Kjpresa— (Via l)arl»>. "
j Wtlltatn*. Willows, tfruto. lit I
Bliff. Portland. Tucon)*, Seauls 7-BO^
1 ' 8 CCa Drtvls.Woodliind. Knljlits Lnutlia*.
Maryavtiie. Drortlkt 7-50(»
8-50* M»rtlnex. Antloch tiyron. Triiey;
1 Stockton, N-waian, Los Bano*. ' '¦
; Mendota. Arnoas, Uaaford.
. Vls»lU. Porterrllle «.20»
. 8 33a Port Coata. llodesto. Merced.
Fresno. Uosasn .Junction. Haa-
t for*. VIssMa. lUkersneid 4.50*
¦ 8 30 * N!l«\«, Snn Job*. Llrermore. Stock-
ton. (tMtlton). lon«. Sncramento. ._
¦ M*rr»rJ!!e. Chlco. lte.l Bluft .... 4 20*
\ 830a OaSdale. Chinese. Jamestoirn. So-, _ ;•
1 nor*. Tuolamae and Anjtels i'JSr
8T0A Atlantic Expres«—OifUen»a(JE«st. 5 20*
9 -30a Richmond, Msrtlnes and W»y •
Atatlons • ao*
lOCOATbe X>Terl»nd Limited — O(fi«.n.
! Omaha. Cblc»«o, l>ea»er.KaB»«* _,
air. St. LotiU ,2S2Z
I 10.00a Vallejc..^ --- 12.20*
I I 10.00a Los Anpcles Passenger — Port
f Co«ta. Martinez, Dyron. Trncy.
! Lathrop. Stocfeton. Merced,
i Kaymond. Treono. Goshfin Junc-
tion. Ilsnford. Lemoore. Vlsalla, ¦
I J BskersaelJ. Lo» Anttele* ........ 7.20*
1 12-CCm Hnywsrd. Nils* »nd W»y Swtlon*. 3. 20*
' 1100* 8»er«jnentoniTe.r Stesmenk tll.00*
I 3J0*Bentcla, Winters. Sacramento.
, Woodland. KotKBt* L»adln*.
MsrysTtlle. OtotIIU sad way
(tatfons - 1U-5O*
t .'30* Hay ward. Nile* and W«t Station*.. 7-50*
3 30 p Port Costa, Martiaez, By ron.Tnoy, -
lathrop. Stockton, Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fre*ao and
War Stations beyond Port Cost* 12.20*
4DCJ»M»rUnea,Sanr.aiDon,ValleJo,N»pa,
C*ll»toea. Santa Rosa. «IS*
4.00* Nile*. Tracy. Stockton 'riP.*
4.30* U»y ward, Nile*. Iryintftoa. Saa » ta 50*
Jo»e. Lttermore.... » til.BOA
64)0* The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
llanos. Mendoja. Fresno, Tnlaro. _
BakersQeld.LofAnssles *-59*
t6 30* Hsyward. Nlies and sun Joae 7.20a
6-00* Hayward. N !le» and 6an Jom a. SO*
6J)0*Eastera Express — Oman*. Chicago.
I Denrer. Kansas City, 1st. Loul*.
Mariluez, Stockton. Sacrameaioi »
Col fax. Keno, Sparks, MontcUo.
Oidea 12.5O
6. OOp Viillrjo, ilally. -ic*?t daoday.... t 7 kosi
700p Vsllejo. Sunday only. f- '•°" w
700Pnichmoud, San Pa.Mo. Port Coata,
Martiaes and W*y StaUoa* 11.20a
7-00* Reno Passenger — Port Co*ta>. Be-
nlcla. Suisun, Elmlra, Dlion.
Davis. Sacramento, Sparks. Tono-
pab. Keener aad Way Stations... 7.53a
• 05p Orf son A California Bxpreas — 6ao-
ramento, Marysvtlle, Reddlax,
Portlaad. Pog-et SonnJ and East. 8-50*
l.10PQ*Tward, Nile* and San Jom (Saa- -
daroniy) 11-SOa
COAST LINE .(-Sarron tiaif«).
¦ <r'oot of Market Street.)
i-1SA Newark. CenterTlile. San Jo*e.
Feltoa, Boulder Creek. Saata
Crnz and Way SUtlona 5.55*
12.15* Newark. Centerrllle. San Jo*«,
New Almadea.Lu* G»to«.Fe!:on.
Boalder Crnek, Santa Crux aad
Principal Way Stations ttO-SS*
4.16P Newark. Saa Joie, Lo« OaU»... \ *]JJ|*
«9 30p Hnnter*' Train (Saturday only)—
t SaaJote and Way Station* *7.25*
! COAST LINE <«r««4 I4an«^.
t*r" (Third anrl Xuwn»?n<l Street*.)
! 6-IOa Saa Jose and Way stations ..... B-30*
7.00a 6aa Jose and War Station* 6-40*
SCO* New Almaden (Toes.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
8 -00a To* Coaster— Saa Jose. Salinas.
i San Anlo, Pa*o Robles. Santa
Margarita. San Lais Oblspo,
(iuudalupe. Gavlota, Sitnta Bar-
bara, San BnenaTeatnra. Mon-
talro, Oxnard, Oar bask. I.cs
Angele* '. 10-30*
- 8-OOa Gllroy, Holllster. CasomTllIe. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove. Surf, Loin-
I poe.. „; 10-30*
¦ 9.00a San Jose. Tres Ptno*.WatsonTli:e.
Capltola. Santa Craz, PaclSe
' Grove. Sattnaa. San Lu!* Oblspo
• aad Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10u
! 10.20a Saa Jose and Way Station* V20?
, 11 jOASan Joae and Way Stactoas. ....... 7.SQ*>
2-ISp Ban Jose and Way Stations 8 36*
! 3XD*Del Mn'ate Kzpre«*r-Santa Clara,
, San Jo»e. "W a t • o n v 1 1 1 e, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey, -
1'iciilcGroTo 12.15*
13 COp Los Gatos, Wrleht, Uoalder Creek.
1 Santa, Cruz, via Santa Clara and . .> •
> Jfarrow Gau;e ................. +10 45*
S-3C* Valencia St.. Sonth San Frjncli--O, i .,
Burllacamr, Saa Jose, Gllroy. > •.
Holllster. Tres Pino*.... ¦ 1Q.4Sa
. 4 .30p Fan Jose aad Way Station* *$ 00*
t5-C0p Santa Clara. Snn Jose, Lo* Gatoa,
and principal. Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) '. t9C0A
{5-30p SaDjotranJPrlnclpalWayStattoa* 19. 40a
b48* Bantet Kxpress.— Uedwoort. San
Jo»e,GUror.8alInas,Paso Kobles,
Ean Luis Ubtspo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Iteming. El Paso.
St.Lou1s.Xew Orleans. XewYork 910a
6.45pF»J.vo, W«tsonvl)Ie. .Capltola. .
Santa Crnz. CastroTlUe, .Del ¦ .
• Monte, Pacific Orove 10-30*
18-15p 8a«i slateo,Bere*ford,Belmont,Saa
Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oaii,
Men!oP»r!i. P»!oA!to.. t843»
6 30p Bun Jose and Way Stations. 8-38a
B OOp Palo Alto and Way Station* 10.1 5a
11 .30* South SanFranclsco. MUlbrae. Bar-
Uagame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
llenlo Park, and Palo Alto t9 45 m
•niSOPMayneld, MoonCats View. Sunny-
Tile, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
San Jose..... .:. t9.45*
A for Jl urn m yc. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. > tSandayonlr
* Saturday only. 6 Monday onjy.
. ibtup* at all station* on Sandajr^ .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERS RY; CO.
Tibuxon Perry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN rSAKCXSCO TO 3A5 SAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. ra.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
at 11:30 b. ecu »
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m. ¦
SAN KAPAEL TO SAZT PKANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS — 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 0:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. nx; 1:40, 3:40,
4:05. 5:05. 6:35 p. m. .
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
San Fran. { Oct. 2, 1904. ( San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Day*. I days. 1 tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a • 9:10a 8:4Os
9:30 a Ienaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a - 9:10 al 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:2(f a
3:30p 9:30a Petaloma. 6:05 p 6:2Op
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:C0p Santa Rosa. ¦
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a,
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p f
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a; 10:20 at
Lytton,
3 :30 p 3 :30 p Geys«rvllle. 7 :35 p| 6:20 p
- Cloverdale. ¦
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
~7~] ' j Wllllts and j ~~] i
7:30 a| 8:00 af . Sherwood. | 7:38 pf 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| OnernevlIIe. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 a| Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:4Oa
5:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 al I 110:40 a [10:20 a
.3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bras for San .
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White. Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geysenrllle for Skagss
Springrs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood: at Hopiand for Duncan
Spring. Highland Spring, KelseyvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County ' Hot Sprta w; ' at
Uklah for Vtehy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Laks. Potno. Potter Valley. • John Day's,
Riverside. Lierty*si, Bucknell's. " Sanhedrtn
Heights. Hullvltle. Git's Hot Springs; Halfway
House.' Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City
Fort Brajnr. Westport and Usal; at Wllllts for
Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for Fort
Bra*g. Cahto. Covelo. LaytonvUle, Cummtpgs.
BeU's Sprtngs, Harris, Hubbard. Frultland.
Dyer. Garbervllle," Camp B. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On . Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket offlce, 650 Market street. ChronicI* *
building. ./
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway^
'' oVsoT »:5Oa^>S^1^' ;j!u5p * X 2 : .S°?
t:45p l;-t5p g;33p ~*~6:3 "i?
Satarai/i 4:3jp \**SZf Satordaji \\:Viv~
- *Tm GrtTjtj C*r y KlTiailpaateMiaTtBty^
•iiSUL J m Mark *t ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
UtiCE } and Sausauto Kerry. Foot Market S«.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
g CALIFO RW I A^^g
SI LIMITED TO CHICACOi
1 LEAVES MONDAYS tod THURSDAYS ®
Hat J):."tO a.m., thronffh ta a d«ya:9
H With diner and all' trappings. W
Other Santa re Trains: .
fl -so £* m' \ For Stockton." Fresno, Baker-field.
8 loop] m.J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
4 :00 p. m. For Stockton. '
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago. ;
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
• San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, : Cal. ; also 27 South 1st, San Jose.
¦ To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
mL VALLEY,-
CAZADERO, Eta;
Via Sausallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San ' Francisco. , dally, at 1~:0Z.
7:45, 8:25. ;9:10. 0:50, 11:00 a. m.: 1:45. 3:15.
4:36.. 5:15, 6:50, 6:30. 7:15. 0:00 and 11:35
p. ra* ' " . HVriMMi
Arrive at San- Francisco, . dally, at f6:4(». -
7-35. 8:15. 8:50/0:35; 10:50 a. m.; 1:30. 2:55.
4:25." 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and 11:12
• p ¦ m. ¦""¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦-' "¦ ~ ¦ •
?Dally except- Sunday,
..For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; . also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p.. m..' and dally except Satur-
day, and Sunday.at 5:15 p. m.
'THROUGH' TRAINS. ¦
' 7:<5 a. m. dally— -Caiadero and way station*.
8; 15 p. m.. Saturday* only— For CazaJero,
•tc .^M|ttp**9li%*tiMn>4B3V*V**yM*1
¦ ¦• 5:15 p. m... daily, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for .Tomales, etr. i ¦'- ~. /
TICKET OFFICE— «5O Market st.
FERRT — Union ; Depot, foot of Market *t.
REAX. ESTATE TO EXCHAKOE.
block. Oakland- mm^
BOOKS FOR nOUSKBEPIHO.___
trppY. fcO4 3 eunny housekeeping rooms with
»>* th!
EDDY. 17'-*' — Sunny rooms, completely fur-
nlsbed: gas, bath: yard.
EIGHTH. 112 — 3 unfurnished rooms; kitchen
furnished if desired; cheap rent.
GFARY 122T>— Nice, large, sunny rooms for
hfUKckeepins: choice location and excellent
view; very reasonable.
GEARY. 1225 — Fine furnished rooms: reason-
able: choice neighborhood; all sunny.
HAWTHORNE. 172, near Harrison— Pleasant.
sunny houwkfrplnir rooms for two; exclusive;
kitchtn; reasonable.
JESSIE. £23 — Large sunny front room fur-
nished; housekeeping; gas range; $3 25 week.
JOXES, 923, near Bush— Sunny housekeeping
fulte. Including kitrhra and gas; $27; also
back room; Funny; fl4.
•KEXILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
rocni tunny apartment*; gteam heat; cen. loc.
•KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 134U Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-rocm eultes: Fteam heated.
• electric lighted: free baths; rates reasonable.
LEAVEXWORTH, 1911. near Green— 5 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath, phone;
fine marine view. - : ' ?:,."-,'. .-.' :¦< :'..-". : '_-
tlBERTY. 002. rear Castro— Modern eunny
kitchen, dining-room, bath, etc; warm belt;
?10.
MOSS. 13. off Howard, near Seventh— 2
rooms furnished for housekeeping; adults
': only.
OAK. 11" — Complete for housekeeping, 55 to
(13; gas range; hot bath; adults.
PIERCE. 3014 — Three sunny rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; gas and bath; rent |15.
POST. 9C2— Sunny front eulte. $20; also pleas-
ant suites. $12. $14. (16; single rooms, $8.
RAUSCH. 85. near Eighth— A large bedroom,
kitchen' and yard; reasonable.
SANCHEZ, 509— Front bay-window sitting
room, alcove bedroom, kitchen; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 12G— To let, 4 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; no children.
TJIREE eunny unfurnished rooms; housekeep-
ing; close in; McAllister Ft. Inquire 83S
Market «t.. Elite Dermatology Institute.
UTAH. 538. nr. 18th and Potrero ave. — House-
keeping in sunny cottage; gas. sink, hot
and cold water.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market et., opposite
Fifth. Orfp until 11 y. m.
APARTMEBTT HOUSES.
•T. LCCIS. 1S7B Jaduon — Marine Tlew; 8-4-i
rocrn*: fura. or unfur.: ref*. T«L East 1380.
ROOMS TO LET — Pura. and TJnforn.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
¦water: electric lights* only first-class 'house
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up..
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth et.— Rooms
25c to f 1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S7T5 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Room*. 25c. 60c. $1, $1 50 night;
tl •'¦" to (10 week; house open all night.
BUAVER. 12 — Furnished rooms, single or en
¦ate; 1 block from Castro car.
BELMOND house; over Owl drugstore; 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lightt: running water In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to (3 week.
EDDY. 499 — For rent, newly furnished, sunny
front rooms; running water; dose In.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 93U — Unfurnished room:
a large front room facing Jefferson Park.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to (1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOFF ave.. SS— A large sunny front room
for rent.
X1OWARD. 715 — Large eunny room* at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and SI 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 1207— Furnished room to let.
HYPE. 3U0 — Large room; suitable for two;
Private family: reasonable.
JACKSON*. 1174— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; marine view; walking distance.
JONES. 423 — One large, sunny room- to let.
LARKIN, 1S9 — Furnished rooms to let.
LA'JI'NA st., 910. nr. O. G. eve. — Wanted, oc-
cupants fcr sunny handsome parlor suite;
unfurnished.
MARKET. 1043 rThe Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third Ft. — 400
single nnd family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $h pr week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator rervlce day and night to its guests.
MISSION. 636— Furnished and unfurnished
rocms to let.
MISSION. 27CS — Nicely furnished front room
for rent. .
MISSION. 2342— Large Kunny front bay-wln-
¦dow room in new flat, with running water
and lar^e closet; all new furniture; use of
phone; references required.
MOSS, 23—1 room to let.
O'FARRELL. £56 — Sunny furnished room;
quiet block; near business center.
PINE. 952— Beautifully furnished front con-
necting rooms; refined family.
POST. 0C2 — Sunny front rooms; water, gas,
phone; $8 month; rear rooms $5 month.
POST. flM — Two large sunny rooms to let;
newly furnished. Call after 2 p. m.
BOTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TAYLOR. C15B — Handsome eunny room, suit-
able 2. $8; larger. J10; water, bath, gas.
TEHAMA. 6? — Rooms to let.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVEN WORTH STF.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE* CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter— New brick bldg.,
finely furnished; hot. cold water, steam heal,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
THIRTEENTH. 2C8, near Mission— Newly fur-
nUhed room to let; suitable for two; bath;
phone.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
- rooms S5c to $1 night. $1 75 to $C week; elec-
tric lights <no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
VALENCIA. 210— Large sunny room; private
family.
VAN NESS ave.. 796 — Newly furnished bay-
window room: gas and bath; reasonable.
VERMONT, 449. near Seventeenth — Sunny
furnished rooms In new hour*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 room*;
S5c to $1 W) r.lghUy; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, ccr. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms for 15c per night up; el*-
tjant transient rooms. 50c per eight.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of. The Call for the recep.
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
bee* opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite
Fifth. Open cntll 11 p. m.
Eooais Airs board.
HAIGHT. 332— Large sunny suite; running
water; grate; eecoAd floor; corner house.
•HOTEL MCALLISTER," Van Ness and Mc-
Allister — 1 eunny eingle or 2 choice suites.
BUSH, 709— Nicely furnished room*, with
board.
HOWARD. MIA — Flrst-clas* board and room,
cfngle or double. $3 week; American family.
Eterenson Manclon. cpp. Grace Church annex.
$07 California — See rtn*. learn pricwi.lrF table.
WASHINGTON. 1618— Strictly first-class, ele-
Kantl;» furnished rooms: 'excellent' table.'
A JAPANESE gentleman desires room . and
board in as American family. >• Address,' stat-
tlnff; terms, etc; box 402?, Call office.
j PHYSICIANS AITS SURQEONS.
DIt C-C O'DOXXELL — Offlce and residence,
1O21>4 Market ft., bet. Hth and 7th. particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. -
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
. DR. BALL.v 1073H Market st. . ' .
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pa*t four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary *t.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eayes cured by Chlne«e herbs. 74C-8 Clay at.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; n«w methods; 1' week's
treatment free. - Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
__ puacHAgrao agencies. %
' CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence soliclt-
fd. 305 Larkin st.. room 4U; tel. South ;U9.
I SE^nTO^MACTraES^AOTB^STrPPilESr
I THE sewing machine exchange of the coast is
located at 015 Market st. If you wish to
buy. rent or have your machine repaired,
your wants will be promptly attended to by
the -White Co., at the above number. The
White is King. .
I ALL inaK»c: i& hand, $2, $5, $7. 59; new, $4, $8;
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden cak, $15; rented,
rrpaireu: lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Cc. 145 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is' cheapest ; second-hand- all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce. 1C21 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand S3. (5, $S; slightly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. -1051 Market st.
STOB&OI^AITO^WABEHOJJSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage*: Van Co. : furniture.
¦ household goods stored, moved, shlped. 723-
731 Howard et., nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. S Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage& Moving Co., of-
nce Post and Powell Fts.; teL Prl. -Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East 126.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-,
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEICINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Mont-omery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Itf pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. .' ' ¦ ¦
SPECIAT. UTOTICES.
NOTIOt; Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake et., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to Oct. 1. 1904:
I^oulse Carmenita, aged 9 years; Evelyn C.
Nielsen, aged 7 years; Saturnlna Martin,
aged 10 years; Delores Martin, aged 7 years:
Emma B. Balrd, aged 3 years 6 months;
Ruby Karl, aged 7 years 3 months; Zlna
Romley, aged 1 year 2 months; Bessie Tur-
ner, aged 7 years: Edna. Turner, aged 0
years: Grace Turner, aged 3 yrars 9 months.
SiOCIAX.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
tere; a chance to make merry; cozy dance
ball and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gcrdens, Ocean Beach terminal of electrlo
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Mulrhead building. Market and Larkin sts.
i STOP DBXtnCTflO.
GUARANTEED cure; pend 50c; tablet form
mailed In plain package; has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
SAKATOBirTM.
CONROT Sanatorium and. Maternity Hospital;
2S12 Sacramento et.; terms very reasonable.
TYPEWRITERS ABTP SUPPLIES.
AX exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
hlrher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. . The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
ZHCS:
A WAY to health; .mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
> ' PEOPOSALS.
t TCNrVERSITT cf California. Berkeley— Notice
: to Contractors. Builders and Material Men:
i Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for an addition to the
Harmon gymnasium, on the grounds of the
University of California, at Berkeley. Cal.,
and Eald bids will be received at the offlce
of the Regents, South Hall. Berkeley, at or
before 12 o'clock noon of November 5, 1904.
No bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder in
- favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract and give bond
faithfully to perform the duty and obligations
in accordance with said bid and with the
] plans and specification* which are hereby re-
• quired to be a part of such contract. The
right to reject any or all bids la hereby re-
served. By order of the Committee on
Grounds and Buildings of the Board of Re-
gents. V.H. HEXDEKSON, Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — Of-
flce Depot .Quartermaster, 36 New Mont-
gomery *t.. San Francisco, Cal., Oct. 17.
1904. — Sealed proposals,' in triplicate, sub-
ject to usual conditions, will be received here
until Monday, Nov. 7, 1904, and then
opened, for furnishing fire hose, hose carts.
Dlpe and fittings, for Camp Daraga, P. I.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and ' manufacture, condt-
• turns of prtce and quality • being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production tho
duty thereon). The United States reserves
rl«ht to acceptor reject any or all bids or
any part thereof. Information and blank
prcpocal* furnished on application. Envel-
opes containing proposals to be sealed and
marked "proposals for Qr. Mr. Supplies. No.
8305." and addressed to Major C. A- Devol.
Qr., II. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute, VanUess andMarketT
cures: *stab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
; JIAltKLAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* were Issued
yesterday:
Plummer Enochs, 21, 'Wheatland, and Ro-
tella II. Robertson, 18, C30 Turk street.
Charles S. Bauer, 38. Sacramento, and Bella
SoJdanels. 37, Sacramento.
Daniel W. McGowan, 41,' Arcata, and Lulu
E. Stern. 35, 524 Ellis street.
Giuseppe Deluca, ¦ 26. 7 Kent street, and
Frances Arietta, 16, 1328 Dupont street.
Clarence W. . Broback, ' 21, Fort Bragg, and
Marjorie H. Cummings, 18, Fort Bragg.
! Eugene S. Pratt, 24. Sacramento, and Kittle
t M. Troy. 32, Sacramento.
i Jeff Clark. 26, Presidio, and May L. Conner,
I 20. Preacott House.
Joseph A. Garcia, 30. 822 Mission street, and
llabel A. Benschoter,»18. 822 Mission street.
Paul Lasker. 30. 2«I2 Clara street, and Mar-'
garet Groe«chel, 20,! 202 Clara street.
Martin Meyer, 32. 124 . Howard 6tret, " and
Amelia Eandern, 24, Colma.
James S. John ton. 32. 2916 Twenty- second
street, and Mary B. Council, 20. 1069 Mission.
George F. Wend, 23, 410 Sail Jose avenue,'
and C.irlstian-H.Quadt. 22, 255 Thirteenth st.
Frank M. Herrin, 32, 8 Grove street, and
Mary J. Miller. 29, 8 Grove " street.
Hans Stuntenegger, 20,' 988 McAllister street,
and M.ithlldc Vogelsanger. 25, »71 McAllister.
Henri Fourcade, 3tS. Mission road, and
Corine Ortet. 23. 1212 Devinadero.
. William T. Lemtnan. 24, Jackson and Broad,
way. and Helen V. Pettigrew, 18, 2230 Pacific
avenue. - - ,
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication ofQces and. be
indorsed with the name and residence of, per-
sons, authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
I of the event are published once in this column
free, of charge.
BORN.
KELLT— In this city. October 30, 1004, to the
wife of E. T. Kelly, a daughter.
OSTERN— In this city, • October 27, . 1904. to
the wife of' Joseph C. Ostern. a daughter. . -
MARRIED. .
DREYFUS — WAISS — In this city,. October 19,
11K)4, by the Rev. ' M: S. ¦ Levy, .: Gustave G.
Dreyfus and Frances L. Wates.
GEORGE— HARRIS— In Elmhurst. October 22,
1904. by the Rew E. E. Clark. . Harold
; Thomas George and Alice Annie Harris. .;
LEVINSKY— SIMON— In this • city. October
30, 1904." by the Rev. M. S. > Levy, Barnett
Levlneky and Beckle ¦ Slmcn.
NEWMAN— DAVID— In : this city,' October : IS.
1904, by the Rev. - M." S.- Levy, Henry New-
man and AggU Shilling David. ¦ both of this
- 'city.- . ::-.; ..;¦ . - - - ,.; . . _¦- ¦ • ' -,,-^.\
SCHWAB— LOEWENTHAL—In this city;
October 23. 1904, by - the Rev. M. S. Levy.
DavM Schwab of New York and Tillle
¦ Loewentharof this city. ....
YOUNG— SCAMM AN— In Fruitvale. November
.1. 1904. by theRev.E.E. Clark, Forest 'H.
Young? of San - Francisco and Myrtle "E.
Scamman of Fruitvale. llWIiPlllll'Pi I i III i
-'¦ DIED. . '/ "
Abraham,- Abraham McGahan, - John »
Aklns, William McLatchie. Marg.ireP
Benneti, T. ;-f. Mullln, Edward J.-
Byrne, Henry D. Mulroy, James -•
Clark. James D. Xetter, August -.
Connelly, Elizabeth l'ollok, Mary
Coughlan," Johanna Rausch,' Walter*
Dabovich. Nicholas Rosenberg, Henrlette
Deasy.. David . Roblnett. Zero R. '
DIvver. John Pubne, Katye,
i Farnsworth,. Louise' Scullln, Ethel M. v
| Galmarino, Goru»- . Seadier. • Mrs. Alice ,
; Hansen, Harry K. RtruDe:/ Valentine-
I Judffe, John J. - Tralnor, Augustus X.
j KOrnfleld, Helen Wilkinson. Priscilla
j Lucus, William
ABRAHAM— In this city, November -3, 190^.
I Abraham Abraham, beloved., husband of
CJuwle Abraham, and father of Jacob and
Mary Abraham, and uncle of Jacob, Isador
and Frr.nk Abraham, a native of Inowra-
claw. Germany, aged 20 yeats 2 months and
*2 days. (New York papers please copy.) . .
(C^Frlends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the, funeral' services
to-day (Friday). November 4, at- 10 a. m.,
at his late residence, . 401 Pacific street.. -
near Sansome. Interment Home of , Peace
Cemetery. -
AKINS— In this city. November 2. 1904,
William, beloved husband of the -late Jane
Aklns. and father of Eddie and Charles
Aldus and Mrs. Edward Schulr.a native of
Ireland, aged 71 years.
tCTRemalns at the parlors, of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 MiESlon street, be-
tween ¦ Seventh and Elshtb.- ' .
BENNETT — In Santa Rosa, November 1, 1004,'
T. N. Bennett, beloved husband of Susan
M. Bennett. . and father of Edward* . S. and
Harry Bennett ot San Francisco, I a native
of Vermont, aged TS years 6 months and IIS
daye.
[CFuneral took place November 3, 1904.
BYRNE— In this city. November 3. 1904.
- Henry D. Byrne, beloved husband of Ella
Byrne, and son of Kate and the late James
i F. Byrne, and brother of Frank, Walter W.
and Alf»*>d D. Byrne. Mrs. M. E. 1 Hubbard
and the late George W. Byrne, a native of
San Francisco, aged 39 years and • 6 daye.
A member of International Shlngler*)' Union
No. 1. :
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November u, at 1 p. m., "from the parlors of
the l,*ilted Undertakers, SCO Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ;
CLARK— In this city, November 1,* 1904,
James D. Clark, "aged 60 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday) at 10 a. m., from the' parlors of
Carew & English. 20 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CONNELLY — In this city. November 3, 1904,
Elizabeth, beloved mother of William. James,
May and the late Simon Connelly and Mrs.
J. Johnson and Mrs. A. Hyman, a native of |
County Klldare, Ireland. •
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Saturday), at D:30 a. m., from the resi-
dence of he> daughter, Mrs. A.' Hyman, 472
Jetsle street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele- ;
brated for the repose of her soul at 10 a, m. ;
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
COUGHLAN — In this city, " November 2, 1904,
Johanna, beloved mother of Walter and the
late James Coughlan, and slater of James,
John and Margaret Lawlor, a native of Ire-
land, aged 07 years.
• (CTFTIends and acquaintances are respect-
fylly Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 01 Clara street, off Fourth, thence to i
St. Patrick" »« Church, where a solemn re-
quiem hich mats will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DABOVICH— In this city. November .8, l»04,
Nicholas, beloved husband of Mary Dabo-
vlch. and loving father of Mrs. M. Slmrak,
Mrs. Tomo Sarcentlch of New York, . Mrs. I
Nicholas F. Sargentlch of Portland. Mrs.
Adam L. Vercevich and Dudley, Drusilla |
and Stephen Dabovich. and grandfather of ;
Mrs. J. B. Bilafer, Genevleve and Sylaverlne :
Simrak. Miliza Sargentich and Gerald Dabo- ;
vich. a native of Saeovlch, Bocche dl Cat- j
tero. aced 84 years. 10 months and 15 days. <
icyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DEASY— In this city. November 2, 1904, |
David, beloved husband of Mary Deasy, and
loving father of David and Catherine Deasy,
a native of Buttlestown, County Cork, Ire-
land. • aged 47 years.
K7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect -
fylly invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) at 8:30 a. -m.. from his late resi-
dence, 2341 Bryant street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, wbere a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repese of his soul,
commencing at II a. n. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . .
DIVVER — In this city. November 1. 1904,
John Divvcr, beloved father of Mrs. Nellie
Joyce, Mrs. Katie McGreehan, John DIvver
and the late Mrs. Jennie Deeney, a native of
Ireland, aged 74 years..
jn7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fylly invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co. 1239 Market street, near !
Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a.' m.
. Interment Holy Cross 'Cemetery. '¦
FARNSWORTH — In this city, November 2,
1904, Louise Farnsworth, beloved motber of
A. K Coney. Mrs. Fannie E. Marshall and
Mrs. J. J. McManus, a native of Louisiana,"
aged 75 years and 0 days. -.» ' ' ¦
(C7"Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral" services
to-day (Friday), at 10 a. m., from her
daughter's residence, 316 Clipper street.
Please omit flowers. Interment strictly
private. . ,
GALMARINO — In Oakland, November 2. 1904,
Gesue beloved husband of Catherjne Gal-
marino, and father of, Frank, James. Mamie
and John Galmarlno. a native of Italy, aged
52 years and 2 months. <
HANSEN— In this city, November 2. 1904,
Harry Edward Hansen. beloved son of Mr.
and Mrs. Christ Hansen, and brother of
Hannah M. and the late Mary A. Hansen, a
native of Norway, aged 45 years and 15
days.
(E7"Funeral service* will be held this day
(Friday) at 1:30 p. m., at the parlors of
1J P. Petersen. 228 McAllister street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
JUDGE — In this city, November 1. 1904, John
J. Judge> beloved husband of Susie Judge
(nee Blumenberg). a native of Ireland, -aged'
D« years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-.:
fylly invited to attend the funeral to-day '
(Friday), au 2 p. m.. from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 3:30
p. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
KORNFIELD— In thia city. November 3, 1904,
Helen Kornfleld. beloved daughter of Han-,
nan and the late Samuel Kornfleld. and sis-
ter of Nation. Harry and Louis Kornfleld, '
Mrs. H. Lando and Mrs. F. Lang, a native
' of Hungary, aged 27 years 2 months and 21
. days. (New York, Chicago, Cleveland and
Springfield, Ohio, papers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to .attend the funeral this day
(Friday) November 4, at 12 o'clock, from ,
her late residence. 1825A Howard street, be-
tween Fourteenth and Flf.teenth.' thence by
electric funeral car leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 1 p. m. to Hills of Eter-
i nity Cemetery for interment. :
Officers and members of Martha Washing,
ton Circle No. 459, C. of F. of A, are re- 1
quested to assemble at 1825A Howard street
at 11:45 a. m., for the purpose of attending
' the funeral of our late companion, Miss
Helen Kornfleld. By .order of -
MRS. B. GOTTLIEB, Chief Companion.
SIG. GROSSLICHT, Financial Secretary. -
LUCUS— In this city, November 2, 1904,'
William, brother of R. and C. G. Lucus of
Kanawaha, Iowa, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland, aged 38 years. ¦ . ' •
McGAHAN— In this city, November 2, 1904,.
John, beloved husband of the late Mary Mc-
Gahan, and father, of Katie A. McGahan
and Mrs. R. Hoey, a native of County Louth,
Ireland, aged 82 years.
|£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-.
. fylly Invited to attend the funeral^ to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late>resl-'
dence. 1005^4 Jones street, thence . to . St.
Brigld's Church, where a requiem' high mass'
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing , at f> : a. m. ¦ Interment Holy
Cross ¦ Cemetery. • .
McLATCHIE— In this city, November 2, 1904,
Margaret McLatchie. beloved Bister of ' Mrs. i
J. H. -Lemon, a." native of Scotland. : aged
' 68 years. ' • ' ¦ •. • •-.--¦•..•
EXFuneral services will .be held at her late
residence, 34C2 Nineteenth street.. Saturday,
November 5, at 1 :30 p. m.~ Funeral and In-
terment private. .,¦*.. ?
MULLIN— A month's mind requiem ' high I mass
will be celebrated for. the repose • of * the soul-
of Edward J. Mullln to-morrow (Saturday),
at 9 a. m.. at St. Paul's Church, corner
Twenty-ninth and . Church streets. Frifenda
are Invited to attend. .„ -...-'-
MULROY— In this . city. November 3, 1904.'
James - Mulroy, a native of , Ireland, ' aged
00 years. :¦ - -¦ ¦'.¦¦•'» •
NETTJvRT-In thia city, November 3, 1904,
August, beloved father of • Henry H., Marcus
J.. David, Sollgman and Theodore Netter and
Mis. Henry M. Samlrh, a native of Aldorf,
Germany, . aced • 84 years ' 3 - months '¦ and 3
"days. (Philadelphia papers please copy.) .
.CyThe: funeral will take - dace to-day,
(Friday), at 2 p. m., from his late residence/
1013 Scott etreet. : Interment, private, : Home
of . Peac« Cemetery, via electric ¦ funeral car
: from Eighteenth nd Guerrero streets. v Please
omit flowers. .: . \« - " . ' ; ¦¦-¦¦:
POLLOK— At Hotel St. Francla, a,"
1904. Mary Pollok,' beloved mother, of Allan,
'; Margaret and Jean Pollok, a native of Scot-J
land.. aged 74 year*. .
IDTFunerai will take place from- the"
First ¦ Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
. avenue and Sacramento - streets,
KEMRY J; CALl^CHERiCO.
(Successors to Flannagan &' Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, ' Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opjK>8lte Lincoln School.
,.¦ - Telephone South 80. -¦ ¦¦
UNITED U^ERTAKiBRS.
' Funeral ' Directors . and\ Embalmers— —
Formerly • In ~ Metropolitan -Temple,- ' ' ¦
I NOW. at 866 MISSION.' Tel." South 167. ¦
' Between ; Fourth " and ; Flfth,~» near; Fifth \ Bt.^- . ;
Finest Equipments ; at '¦ Moderate ¦ Rates. - •
James McGlfln. vi.: Henry . Hansen.
JAMES McGINN ( & CO.; -
, - • "Formerly McGinn Bros." • ; , ....
Funeral ¦¦ Directors ,' and ¦ Embalmers--— ;
214 Eddy St.*. Tel.N South 576. ;
(Saturday),- November 5, at»l p. - m. Inter-
. mtnt CVDress Lawn Cemetery, funeral car
; leaving Kishteenth and Guerrero streets at
>2:30 p. • m. No flowers. ' '-' ' *
RAL'SCH— In this : city, November 3. 1904,
Walter. 1 beloved son of Ernestine- Rausch,
a native of Germany, aged 26 years 9 months
and i'0-days. : ¦- ¦ • • • —
¦ E7" Friends and acquaintances are rcspect-
: fully Invited to ' attend the f vuieral Sunday.
November 6, at In. m., from the parlors or
"/, McFadden/ McBrearty ¦. & - Green, 1171 ( Mis-
. Flon street, between Seventh ana t/lgnin,
. under the au*nices of Bartenders' League,
V; Local 'No. 41. Interment Cypress Lawn
• Cemetery. •'•¦¦
-ROBINETT— In thte city. November 3. 1904,
ZoroR. Robinett,- dearly beloved nUBD « nd .°!
Anna Roblnett, and dearly beloved thXWt
of Edna aad ; Vera Robinett. a native of san
•'. FrancUco.-- aeed 45 years. "
R03EXBERG— In Oakland. November 1. 1904.
Henrietta beloved wife of Jacob Rosenberg,
and mother .» of Mrs. . B. Wolff and David.
tfamuel. Sara. Ella and Josephine Rosen-
¦ bersr. a nativ» of Germany, aged C4 years 0
" months and 26- days." : - nt
ICTFriejids and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the -funeral services
to-day < Friday), at 2 - p. m., at the fam-
; lly . residence. :, 1033 Linden • street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemeterj'. Kinaiy
omit flowers.
RUHNE— Paissed away October 20, 1904. at
• 122 Mis* ell-square • Mansion. Londoii^. EpS:
land, Katye. beloved daughter of Mott ana
the late Mary Ruhne. a native of Reno, Ne\.
EEADLER— In this city, November 3.- 1004.
Mrs. Alice Seadler. a native of Louisiana,
aged 45 years.' ¦- • *i '."-'¦
KTNotice of funeral hereafter. '
SCTJLL.IX — In this . city, November 3, 130*.
- Ethel M.y- dearly- beloved daughter ' of Daniel
and Margaret "Scullin. and Bister of _ Agnes
I.; John, Charles R. and Edward P. ScuUln,
a native of . San Francisco, aged 2 years iu
months and 25 days.
STRUBEL— In ' tMs city. November 3, 1904,
. Valentine, ¦ beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Strubel. and beloved father of Fred-
erick J.. Frank P.. Philip W. and the- late
George Strubel,- and erandTatner of Lldla,
Marcolla, Ethel and the late Clarence and
Frederick . Strubel, a native of Germany,
aged 74 years 10 months and 19 days.
TRAINOR— In Suisun. November 2. 1904,
Augustus N., beloved son of A. N. and Ger-
\ trude V. Tralnor. a native of Suisun. Cal.,
ased 10 days. . . '
WILKINSON— November 3, 1904. Yx\*£\\*.
¦ Wilkinson, beloved wife of Henry J. P. Wil-
kinson, and sister of Mrs. J. P. David and
" Anthony Lee, a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 years. ' " ! ' ' • ' ' ' "¦'¦
FREE FREE ' FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
; want-ads. ;r
/ A Full-sized 'Package of
.; ALLEN'S
BOSTON BROWN BREAD
¦ FLOUR.
Simple to Prepare.
Delicious : in Flavor.
A New England Breakfast.
Free With Every I Small ; Ad :
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small Ad 'Page ior. Further
,: ,\ Particulars.Future Grain and ' Provisions:
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
An important conference will take
place this afternoon at the Hotel St.
Francis between prominent bankers,
wheat growers nnd millers ot the tn
terior and citizens of San Francisco
for the purpose of devising some prac
tical plan to increase the . percentage
of gluten in California wheat and at
the same time to increase the produc
tion of wheat to the acre. The con
ference will be preceded by luncheon.
Among those who have accepted in
vitations t> be present at the confer
ence are G. "W. McNear. Simon New
man, H. Sherwood. R. -D. Glrvin; F.
JS. Wheelan, John Parrott. N. P.
Chlpman, James Hogg. CM. Wooster,
Wakefield Baker, T. N.~ Bishop and T.
G. Parsons of San Francisco; William
Steinbeck and Fred "West of Stockton:
Louis Kahn of Oakdale, Stanislaus
County: A. Hocheimer of Willows;
W. A. Beard, secretary of the Sacra
mento" Valley Development Associa
tion; President Wheeler, Professor
George A. Shaw and Professor H. J.
Wickson of the University of Califor
nia, and G. W. Pierce of Davisvtlle.
Others have been invited who may
also be present. A full discussion of
the entire wheat problem confronting
this State will take,place. '".
Jllllers, Bankers, Professors, Mer
chants and Others Concerned hi
Great Industry Will Meet.
STATE WHEAT PROBLEM
CAUSES A CONTEREXCE
Dried Fruits. Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
The Nevada Honey is still piled up waiting
for buyers, and the receivers report the mar
ket very dull.
Imported Smyrna- Figs are %©l%c per lb
higher in New York, owing to a sharp falling
off In the supply ln the producing districts.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 7%@10c for
Royals and 9®12c for Moorparks; -Nectarines,
6%©7%c for White and 6%©7c for Red;
Peaches, 7%®8%c per lb; Pears, 7@12c;
Plums, pitted, 606%c for black. 7%g8%c
for red and 7®8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks 50c; : 3 -crown, 55c; 4 -crown," 60c; 6
crown." 63c; bulk white. 2%@3c; black. 3Uc.
Evaporated Apples. 5@7c - per lb.
¦ PRUNES— 1%01%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2Hc basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 ' crop f. o. • b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters $2 2502 50; Dehesa. $1 3O@l 35;
London Layers. 85c@$110; Loose Muscatels, 4.
crown. 4%c; 3-crown. 3%c; 2-crown, 3Uc;
Seeded 1 4©5%e;- Thompson's Seedless, 4%c;
Seedless Sultanas. 3Vic per lb.
. NUTS— New Walnuts. No. 1 sdftshell. 12d
12%c;-No.' 2,'10310%c; No. 1 hardshell, 12c:
No 2 10c; Almonds. 16@17c for? Nonpariels.
14ei4%c for I X L. 13014c for Ne Plus Ultra
and : lie ' fof i Languedoc; Peanuts. 6©7c - for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50©5;
Chestnuts, 8<gl2%c per. lb for California and
32%@14c for • Italian:
'¦u HONET— Comb. 11%©13c for white and 10®
llo for amber: water white extracted, ! 5%@
6c; light amber " extracted. 5®5%c; dark, 3©
4%c ' ' ¦
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
THURSDAT. Nov. 3—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 109 VilO8% 1 4s' qr cp new.130%131
4s qr reg. ..106U10t>%ISs qr coup.. .104% — .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ," ¦ -
Ala A W 5s — r=r I Oak T Co «s. — • 121
Asso Oil 5s. 79 — Do 3s 112 113
Bay CPC 6s.l01%102Vii Do eon 6s. 103% —
Cal C G 5e.lO2% — .Oceanic S 6s. 50 —
Cal G & E g lOm Cable 6s.l20% —
m & ct 5s — SlUl Pac G Im 4s. — 87
Cal-st C 5s.ll4% — P E Ry 5s.. — 105
C C Wat 5s. — 99 P & C H 6s.l04 —
EdL & P fls.125 — P & O R 6a.U4%113
F & C H 6s. — - — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — Sac EG&R5s.l00 —
H C&S 5%s.lO5 — SF & SJV5s.US% —
Do 5s ....100 — . Sierra R 6s. — —
Hon R T es.104% — S P of A 6s
L A Elec Bs. — 103^4 (1908) .... .108%109V;
L A Ry 5s.. 115% — (1910) .....100% —
lalco6s — — spofces
Do gtd 6s. — — (19051Sr A. 101 lOltf
Do gtd 5s.l01 103% .J1905)Sr B. — —
LAP lem 5s-101 — . (1P06) .....104%, — .
Mkt-st C 6S.11B — (1912) — —
Do lem 5s.ll«%117 SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
MVft MtT5s.lO5 110 Do stampd.107% —
NRR of Cfls.106^ — * 8.P B R es.l.'U%135%
Do 5s 118%11» S V Wat «s.104% —
N P C R Bs. — 107% Do 4s 2dm. — 10OU
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 99%10oy;
N C P C 6s. 98%10O Do g mtsrls J»»% —
N S R R Bs. — - OS Stkn GAGta. 93 —
OO LAH 5s. — 110 U G A E 5s,102% —
O W gtd 6s. — 100 UR of SF 4s. 83tf - — .
WATER- STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 35 , j Port Costa. . . —
Marln Co... 58 «1 IS V Wat Co. 39 39 U
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3% 3%|S F G & E. 56% 56%
Mutual E L. 10 11 Istkn G &.E. — „ 3%
PacL Co... 50% eoUlU G ft R Ca — —
Firem's Fnd.310 340 . I " »
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l26 130 [L P & A 150 —
Anglo-Cal .. S5% S6%|Mer Trust.... — 233-
Bank of Cal.423%425 | Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 IS F National. — . — .
First Natlonl — — I ¦
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 " — . |Sav A L Bo.V— '".100
Hum S & L. — — ' I Pec Sav Bk.. — 424;
Mutual" Sav.-^— 100 [Union T Co. .¦ —^ - —
S F Sav U.615 — I- •
STREET RAILROADS.
' California . .19S%10!» f Presidio . .". . . 38 «
; Geary *0 I
POWDER.
! Giant ...... 63% 64 |VI«f O rft — 4%
; sugar.
Hawaiian C. 63% fifiUiSJakawell C. 27% 29
I Honokaa S C 14% 15 lOnomea S C. 30 31
Hutch S P C 9% 9% 1 Paauhau S C, 13% 15%
Kilauea S C- 2%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. P9%10O (Oceanic S Co." ,3H —
Cal F:C A.89U — lP»c Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 76% SO PacC Borx. 136 137%
MV& MtTm. — 1C5 : I Pac S Tel Co.' 110
¦ . - : SALES. -
¦ Morning 'Session. "
- : Board — :••"'•-' '•»'
. 60 Alaska ¦ Packers' 'Association.'.. 99 5fr>
150 Honokaa S Co ...............' 14 87%
STOCK AND BO>T) EXOLLVGE.
i Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange is lower. ;
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange. . sight ., — 4 87'
Sterling Exchange, cables .. — 4 88
New York Exchange., sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ,10
Sliver, per ounce — $S&
Mexican Dollars 4o% © 40
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Parts ...5.15 ; '
New York on Mexico '. 215%
Paris on> London ......-.- ..25.11 : .
Berlin on -London ..-..:...•. ..V :;i--.20.35% :
- Wheat and Other Grains. ;
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed little
change. Chicago was slightly higher on dry
weather and fly but the cash demand was
very dull. Hessian fly. damage reports are
coming from Southern Ohio. Indiana. Southern
Illinois parts of Missouri and parts of Kan
sas, but they are not so serious as they, were j
last year at this time, and only Xhe very
Southern States have suffered. ¦ >
Local futures were higher wtth considerable
buying, and the cash grain was steady and :
unchanged.' The rise ln . futures was marked .
in the afternoon. " 1
CASH "WHEAT." . .
California Club, $1 45S1 52%; California
White Australian, -$t 65@1 62%: Northern
Club $1 45@1 52%: -Northern. Bluestem. $160:
©1 62% per ctl. ¦ >. . •¦ . : • ¦ " '.- ;*(
FUTURES.
- . Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. . ¦ ;
Open. ¦ High.' Low. Close.' '
December ..$1 43T4 $1 44 $1 43% $1 44
May 1 44*1 ¦ 1 45K" 144% 1 45%
2 p. m. Session; |
Open. Hl»rh. Low. Close'.
December ..$1 44% . $1 45 $1 44% $1 45 :
May .146% 1^47. 146% 1.47
¦BARLEY — Futures were firm and the cash
Feed was active at full figures, one house re*
porting a sale . of 2000 Backs at $1 12%. !
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $10501 12%: Brewing and Ship
ping, il 15®1 17%: Chevalier. $1 17%@1 22% '.;
per ctl. -"
- ¦ - FUTURES/ . . '
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. '. .' .
Open. High. . - Low. . Close. .
December ..$1 10 $110 $1 03% $1 00% •
May— No sales. $109% asked.
, 2 p. m. Session. ;
Open. High. Low.' Bid. •
December ..$1 09% $1 09% $1 O3V4 $1 09% !'
May — No sales. - ... j
OATS — The local situation remains un- j
changed, the ¦ market : - being ¦ steady, with the
usual jobbing • demand." " ¦ - I
White. $1 40@l: 56% $1 55@1 60; ¦
Red for feed, $1 32%@1 45 for No. 1 - and
$1 22%®1 30 for No.' 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42%@1 60; Black. $1 30®l 35 for feed and
$1 45®1 60 for seed. " ¦ " , . -' ¦¦ • -'. \
: CORN — The . demand keeps right up ti) the !
supply, and receipts do jiot accumulate. , The-',
feeling is steady.: - I
Western sacked. $1 4501 50 for Yellow $1 43 '
©1 50 for -White and $1 45 for Mixed; Califor. I
nla large . Yellow. ~$1 45@1 50; small round
do $1 W91 62%: White, nominal; Egyptian.
$1 3501 45 for White and $1 25©1 30 lor
Brown. ¦ ¦ ' , . .-* ¦ , . . ¦
RYE— $1 37%@1 42% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about %2 per ctl.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— There mas a notable
subsidence of speculative interest In the stock
market to-day. There was evidence in the
larre operations of a few firms, which are
credited with doing the business for some of
the powerful interests that those Interests
wtre «1U taking a tpeculative part in the
transactions. Eut their operations were con
r.ned to fewer stocks and were on a smaller
scale than for some time past. Part of them
»ere lary* buying orders in the metal stocks
and it was current belief that large selling
orders for purposes cf realising came from the
•am* rouroea. Even with the activity of a
f«w special stocks on dealings of this char
acter to-day s aggregate sales fell to the low
r*t figurt; of any day since before the middle
of October and if the general market alone
m considered the trading was actually dull
and the drift of prices very sluggish and
.indifferent. The halt in the activity of the
market Is generally attributed to a purpose
to await tiie »a*sare of the election owing
to the proverbial dread of speculators of the
un«*tling effect of that contest and their
inability to estimate mhat will be its effect
*n business and Industry. Such ftrencth as
. ther* was In to-deys market was largely
confined to the iron and 8t*^l Industrials and
here a close relation to the advices from
•that trade. Informal intimations were in cir
culation that the orders received by the United
States Steel Corporation were in an incrwisin*
rat* and approaching the limits of productive
capacity. It was pointed out also that the
active demand for pig iron was beginning to
spread to some lines of finished products an
txtension which has not been conspicuous ud
to this time. The United State* Steel stocks
were the most active of the group but some
of the partly dormant stocks made much
better gains. Tennessee Coal rising more than
three and £loss-Shef3eId Steel five points. The
• Pennsylvania group of rallroaa stocks showed
sympathy with this strength, es Is usually the
ca*e. owing to the large proportion of their
traffic which is made up of the Iron and steel
The running of the first cars over
the new East River bridge gave a lift to
Rrooklyn Transit. Sugar had the advantage
of a further advance in the price of refined
sugsr. Another rise in copper did not avail
to hold Air.slgamzted. which reacted on profit
•taking »nd o>nials of the alleged control of
the Heinz-* property In its interest. The Tail
ore of confirmation of deal stories and the
porltiv* denial of them in some cases were
irflufn-^s at other points In the market. Aside
from the stronr points mentioned the market
•*as reactionary, but the decline was not ex
\Tf:mt fend ran to a point In, only a handful
of leading nocks. Tb«se declines were largely
made up and coocverted into gains for a few
ln .. tte Ute deallnrs. The grangers rallied
*'*•> frotn their early depression on account
of mom* expert estimates of a heavy corn
•rop. The recovery in St. Paul was helped
r»y the increase jn both gross and net earn
lnr» for September.
The money market was undisturbed al
th^ort FtTltr,* exchange rallied from Its early
weakn**s i/ t r* r cent snd ran off. in Paris
and Berlin, thus narrowing the margin for a
re*urr.j,uon of gold exports. The returns or
both th- Bank at England and th« Bank of
France were weak, but the fact that the Bank
. of Enrland s discount rate was not raised was
rerard*^ as er. indication of confidence «n a
relaxation of the pressure upon London for
irold. The etock market closed Irregular and'
undecided.
e* 1^*^-?* 1 "* irr *^ uUr - Tl **l «*>es, par value
United BUtes bonds were unchanged on call.
X<-w York Stock List.
H. F\ Hut ton & Co.. 430 California streoti
Fan Francisco, members of the New Tork
' Etock Exchange, furnish ' the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Bales. I gtocksll~ - IHIghjLow.i Bid. I Ask.
.-.¦;. ..(Adam* Express.. .....| 240 *fi0
1(12,200' Atnalg Copper.. 73«4I 72% 72*4 72%
Amer Can Co | «% «jT'
r*> pfd .....;;.. 47(4 47%
SOO^Amer C & F Co 26«jl 26% 26*4 26%
«00J E* pf d ...... fi*'j M - :«k|«?i
.......lAmer , Chicle ...J | 103 4IO5 -
Xew York Stock Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
ninety daye and six months, 315 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4g4»i per cent. Ster
ling exchange weak, closing steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4.SeiOtr4.Se25 for
demand and at *4.5355#4.«60 for sixty days
Hosted rate*. U MH94 *>5 and $4 87©4 67H
C^nmercial bills. *4 83H!?4 W*. Bar silver.'
5 K *«!C. Mexican dollars. 46i;c. Government
bonds, steady; railroad bonds, irregular.
. NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— Money on call steady
24/2* per cent; closing bid. 2; offered, 214.'
Time loar.e steady; elxty days. 3g3Vi per' cent";
N*«v York Money Market.
The regular monthly dividend, of- 75c • per
share of the California-street Cable Railroad
Company will ¦. be - paid November 9. —
The- Pacific .Auxiliary Fire Alarm. Company
will pay a quarterly dividend of. 10c per share
November 15.
The directors of the First National Bank of
San Francisco have elected James K. Lynch
vice president and James K. Moffltt cashier.
Mrs. Lynch was previously cashier and Mr.
Moffltt assistant cashier. It Is understood that
President S. G. Murphy, who is In 111 health,
will shortly go abroad. •
The Consolidated Imperial - Mining . Company
has levied an assessment - of le per share, de
linquent B?Ce"n7t>cr 6w , ;> '« ¦ ¦- .- \
The Edison Light and Power 6 per cent
bonds of 1921 paid the regular quarterly in
terest yesterday at the rate of - $1 30 per
coupon.
Trading in ' local ' securities was . light and
without feature. The North Shore bonds, on
which the interest was defaulted were offered
$1 75 lower at $9S. with no takers. Alaska
Packers was firmer, selling at $99 50. There
was nothing of Interest new. In the oil; or
mining shares; '.: . '.
Giant Powder Consolidated stock was quoted
ex-dlvldend of 60c per share yesterday under
the new rule. The dividend .will be paid No
vember 10.
Xorth Shore Bonds Offered Lower,
but Xot Taken. i > t ,
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
"LIVERPOOL
Wheat— Dec. j : March. May.
Opening 7 4 7 5% . 7 4>i 1
Closing 7 4H , 7 5& 7 4Ts
I PARIS.
1 Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June, j
I Opening 2360 25 05 ]
Closing 23 65 25 05
! Flour — 1
•Opening 3105 82 25
31 10 32 75 j
Northern Wheat Market. -
OREGON. ¦
PORTLAND Nov. 3. — WHEAT — For export:
Walla Walla, 8l@S'2c; bluest*m..84<gS5c;. val- .
ley. S6@87c. For. Eastern - markets : .Walla {
Walla. S4c; bluestem. S7c. Mf^E^^^ ¦'¦
" WASHINGTON. ' .
TACOMA, Nov. 3.— WHEAT — Bluestem,
89%c; club. S5^c. .
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Nor. 3.— Clearings, $799,134; bal
: ances, $180,S95.
• TACOMA. Nev. 3.— Clearings, $567,3S5; bal- ;
! ances. $34,118. • • ¦ ; „
PORTLAND. Nov. 3. — Clearings, $i68,327;
balances. $82,451.
SPOKANE, Nov. 8. — Clearings, $606,635;
balances, $121,336. . j
GRAPES — Table varieties, . 50@83c for
crates; 30® 50c for small boxes and $1@1 50
for open boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, Navels. $3@3 75
per ' box ; Seedlings, $2@2 25; Valencias (old
crop). $3 30@4 30; Lemons, $2 50@3 for fancy;
$1 75@2 25 for choice and $1 25@1 50 for
standards: • Grape Fruit. $2 50@3; Mexican
Limes. $4@4 50 per case; Bananas, $•_'«? 3 per
bunch for Central - American and 75c@$2 for
Hawaiian;, Pineapples. $2 50@4 per dozen.
APPLES — $1 50@l 65 -for extra fancy, $1@
1 25 for ordinary fancy. 65@90c for choice and
30<550c for common.
, PEARS— Winter Nellls, $16125 per box;
cooking varieties, 40075c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 5O@S5c per box.
POMEGRANATES— 50@C0c for small and
$l(gl 75 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 2O@40c per box.
FIGS— 50c<f?*l per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6<gSc per lb.
CRANBERRIES — Eastern, $S©$ 50 per bbl
for Early Black and $10 for New. Jersey and
Cape Cod - Late * Red ; Coos Bay. $2@2 75 per
box. ¦
. Two . more cars of Cranberries were put on
the- market yesterday. - One was New Jersey
Late' Reds- and the 'other Howe'i. Both were
offered at ?10 per barrel. The Coos Bay ar
ticle was still offering freely, but sold slowly,
and there were several lots on hand that were,
rapidly spoiling. Strawberries and Raspber
ries were steady and Huckleberries were In
better demand and firmer. Several more 'car
loads of Apples were marketed and there were
liberal receipts by water • from Humboldt
County.' The market was weak for fancy
stock, but quotations were unchanged, as most
of the offerings had been purchased at high
prices in the growing districts, which neces
sitated the asking of correspondingly .high
prices here. Grapes were in moderate receipt
and firm, particularly for fancy stock in
crates, which was wanted for shipment on
the Portland steamer. A good demand was
noted for all descriptions of Citrus fruits.
Lemons were closely cleaned np and firm and
well-colored lots of new Navel Oranges met
with ready sale at the top quotations. Illlo
Bananas, ex-steamer, sold on the dock at
75c@$l' per bunch.. Over 6000 bunches were
received and . they were nearly all too green
for Immediate use. The other fruits had no
noteworthy change. ...
. STRAWBERRIES— $7@9 per chest for Long
worths and $2®5 for the large varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Prodnce.
FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3.
Flour qr sks.. 26,Ooti|Wool. bales ... 366
Wheat, ctls ... 2.9l3lTallow. ctls ... 218
Barley, ctls ... 6.714! Leather, rolls — 30
Oats, ctls 1.120; Hides. No. .... 1.039
Corn, ctls 138i Pelts, No 925
Beans sks 7,354 Lime bbls .... 723
Potatoes, sks... 3.7661 Paper, reams .. .-635
Bran sks " 1,280; Wine, gals 42.45O
Middlings, sks.. 3S5tSugar. 1,440
Hay. tons 181|Raisins. bxs 1.250
Hops, bales .... 171!
- ARW1AV- - "- - ¦ - - '
• *^r * > 1 1 - vx.tMv.1.
Flour, qr sks .. 1,600,' Potatoes sks .. 71
WASHINGTON.
Floor, qr sks .. 10.976 Flaxseed. sks 2,400
Oats, ctls 1.080! Groats, sks .... .250
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Ranch Eggj continue to advance. They will
bring about what receivers have the conscience
to ask for them, for there are practically none
here. . . . .
Receipts were 27,300 lbs Butter, 610 cases
Eg^j end 21.100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 22£23c
for extras and 19@21c for lower . to medium
grades; dairy. 17® 20c; cold storage nominal
at 20@23c; store Butter. 14@16c; Eastern
cubes. LSf22%c; Eastern ladle-packed. 15@16c.
CHEESE^ — 12@12%c for choice mild new
and 10*gnc for old; cold storage. 10^@llc;
Young Americas. ll»£@12c: Eastern. . 10@13o
per- lb. '•-¦ • ¦ ? ¦ '•• ¦ ¦ - - ' "
EGGS— Ranch. 46@47^c for large white se
lected. > 42% ©45c for good to choice and 37%@
40c for common;' cold storage. 25@30c; East
ern, 25®27c for. choice. 22@24*c for standards
and' 19 if 21c for seconds.
There was no further change In Cheese.
The current decline In Butter having brought
prices for fresh creamery squarely down to the
level of Eastern and cold-storage goods, the
demand for the two latter descriptions has
been cut off short as far as the wholesalers
are concerned. The retailers, however, still
hold more- or lesa of these goods, which they
will naturally work off before going back to
the fresh kinds. As soon as these retailers"
stocks are cleared out the wholesalers expect
that the demand for fresh creameries will
Immediately revive and the current accumu
lation be wiped out. But this will take a
little time. 1 Yesterday's market continued de
pressed, with the bulk of the finest creameries
going ¦ at ' 22c, with sales as low as 21c and
up to 23c. Some very good creamery was
worked off down as low as 20c.
Bntter, Cheese and Ejjgs.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were tha sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning Session — Comstocka.
300 Alpha 131 100 Ophlr 2 45
100 Caledonia 38 1 200 Sierra >ev.... 23
200 Mexican 1 30!
Afternoon Session — Cotsstocks.
100 Belcher ..... 25| 10O Overman 14
100 Best & Belch.l 15| ICO Potosl 12
200 Con Cal £ V.I 80! 600 Sierra Nev 2I>
400 Gould &. Cur. lit 100 Savage 23
600 Mexican 1 33| 1C0 Yellow Jacket. 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 14 16'Julia 07 Of»
Alta 04 06' Justice 05 €7
Andes 25 27iKentuck 02 Oi
Belcher 25 26! Lady Wash . . 02 04
Best 4 Belch. 1 10 1 131 Mexican 1 30 1 3.".
Bullion "13 20|Occidental ... 74 -7R
Caledonia.... 3S 39(Ophir 2 43 2 50
Challenge ... 19 20' Overman 13 13
Chollar 19 2t|Potosl 12 1.1
Confidence .. 82 85' Scorpion 07 «!O
Con Cal 4 VlOfll S3' Savage 2S 2ft
Con Imperial. 01 O2'S<?g Belcher... OT CS
Con NY..:. 04 05: Sierra Nev 20 CO
Crown Point.. 07 OOf Silver Hill 49 3t
Eureka Con.. '¦ — 50' Kt, Louis OS ir>
Exchequer ... 42 47! Syndicate 03 C3
E. Sierra Nev 03 03' Union Con 41 42
Gould & Cur. 14 lS'Utah #1 10
Hale & Norc. 70 74! Yellow Jacket. .19 20
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
600 Jnmbo Ex .. 17)1000 Rescue 19
700 MacNamara . 23t 100 Ton Exten ..1 9O
20O Mont Ton ...1 «Ot 20O Ton of Nev.9 12H
1000 Paymaster .. OT.t 6CO Ton Ohio SO
300 Ray & O'Brien 071
Afternoon Session.
500 Jumbo 45' 5C0 Ton Ohio .... .12
100 Ton of Nev..O 23' 700 Ton Ohio .... 83
11C0 MacNamara .-27!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
BgiPLBid.A»k.! Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev.9 12>-i 9 23 Rescue 08 lt>
Mont Ton ...IW1 95' Ray & O'Brien — *>7
Ton Exten ..1 85 2 «0| Paymaster ... 02 ft
MacNamara . 27 2S Little Ton ..30 —
Ton Midway.. 3« 401 Esperanza .... 01 02
Ton Belmont.. 70 75' Gold Anchor.. 20 —
Ton N Star... 17 19Quincy 11 —
"West End ... — l«fN Y Ton Con. 10 —
Ton Gold Mt. — IS*
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm '., IS 24| Jumbo 43 --
Red Top 12 14! Jumbo Ex .. 19 21
Goldfleld Mhk — 18, Goldfleld ..... —.'87
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wtre the 'sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Jumbo Ex .. 2OU00O N Y Ton Con 11
1400 Jumbo Ex .. 21|4O0O N T Ton Con 12
500-Jumbo Ex .. 22' 300 Red Top 14
1000 MacNamara . 2612200 Red Top 13
1100 MacNamara . 28' 100 Ton Belmont.. 73
100 MacNamara . 27 1 200 Ton Belmont.. 74
2000 MacNamara . 29 i 200 Ton Belmont.. 7S
500 Gldflld Red L. 061 930 Ton Mdlway.. 3T
100 Mont Ton ...1 90i2000 Ton Midway.. Z8
Afternoon Session.
100 Jumbo 451 200 Mont Ton...l 92VJ"
230 Jumbo 44fl500 N T Ton Om. ll
200 Jumbo Ex . . 221 100 Ton Belmont. . 78
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 20j 1200 Ton Midway.. 38
2100 MacNamara . 2Si 300 Ton of N"«v.9 X&M
3450 MacNamara . 27| 600 Ton N Star... is
500 MacNamara . 26! 200 Vernal Mia ..11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. Bld.Aflk.1 Bld-Xsk.
Adams 09 10|Mont Ton ...190 195
Black Butte.. 19 22 N Y Ton M. — 04
Bine Bull M. — 28 N T T Con M. n 12
Booth M Co. 10 — Paymaster ... 02 03
Columbia.... — 23 Qutncy 11 —
Diamondfleld. — 421 Ray Exten .. — 08
Esperania ... — OlIRayA O'Brien 0« —
Goldfleld BAB — 14 Ray Ton .... — . 14
Goldfleld Dmd — 20* Red Top 12 14
Gldfld O Bend — . 20lReacue 00
Goldfleld Mln 33 57JRothweU OM. 10 —
Goldfield Mbk — 23| Sandstorm ... 19 29
Gldfld Red L. 03 — ITon Belmont.. 73 78
Goldfleld SPk - WiTon A Cal .. 20 . —
Goldfleld Ton. — 111 Ton Cash Boy. — • 12
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Exten ..1 SO 1 90
Hazel Kirk .. — 12?Ton Gold Mt. IT IS
Jim Butler .. 43 . 60' Ton Midway.. 33 39
Jumbo ~ 4* 43fTon of Ner.9 00 9 12H
Jumbo Ent .. 20 22' Ton N Star... 17 IS
Little Ton .. — 401 Vernal Mln -. 1O 11
Lacky Tom.. — 10»West End .... 13 14
MacNamara ..26 27| '
EASTERN MARKETS.
'Taken all In all, the Ius-.ber situation is
.alr.y strong, with good current demand and
; rices well niaintained from north to south "•
There were. no. changes In Game and, al
though - receipts we're heavy, everything
cleaned up well.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@18c for old
and 21@23c per lb for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 50®2; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, $4 5O@5
per dozen for old and $5410 for young; Hens.
$4 50@5 for small and $5 50@6 for large; young
Roosters $5 50@6: old Roosters $4®4 30; Fry
ers. $4@4 50; Broilers. $2 5O®3 50; Pigeons,
$1 50; Squabs, $262 25.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3<QG per dozen:
Canvasback. $3fi>: Teal, $2@2 50; Sprig $2®
2 50; Widgeon. 51 5001 75: Red Heads" $2^
$2 30; small Ducks. $1 50; Gray Geese,$3@3 50-
Whlte Geese. $1 50<32; Brant," $1 50®2 50;
Honkers. $3@5; Snipe, $3 for English and
$1 50 for common: Doves. $1@1 25; Hare. $1 50
(SI 75; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 50
for 'Brush. ¦
The chicken market was decidedly weak and
Western .stock, which usually commands a
substantial premium, was selling at about the
same prices quoted for local offerings. An
other car of Western was marketed, making
the fifth for the week. Geese and .Turkeys
were '.in good request and the latter were
higher. ( Dressed Turkeys were offering " ' In
small quantities and sold at 20®25c per lb as
to quality, age. etc.
Poultry and Game.
OMAHA. Nor. 3. — CATTLE — Receipts, 3800.
Steady and stronger. Native ' steers, $3 25@
6 95; cows and heifers, $2 50^3 85; Western
steers, $3@4 50;. Texas 'steers, $2 23®'3 75; range
cows and heifers, $2 25'33 40; eanners, $1 75®
2 15- stockers and feeders, $2 25@4; calves. $3
@5 50: bulls and stags, $1 75@3 60.
HOGS — Receipts, 6500. Market strong.
Heavy. $4 80<g4 95; mixed, $4 82%@4 85; light.
$4 siva 4 82% ; bulk of sales, $4 50#4 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, 13.000., Active, strong.
Western yearlings . $4@4 75; •wethers, $3 90@
4 25- ewes, $3 50®4; ' common and stockera,
?3 t>0@4 10; lambs, *4 75®5 75. \ V. '.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000. Strong. Muttons,
$3 50<®4 25; lambs, $3 23@5 75; range wethers,
$3 60® 4 40: ewes,- $2 75^3 85; Western ewes,
$3 85 ; Utah lambs, $5 50. . ', ?'•
Omaha. . ¦ - . ;
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts.
0000. Market 10c higher. Native steers. $3 50
#6 25; native cows and heifera, $2 25@4; bulls,
$1 75@3 25: calves, $2 S5@5 60: Western steers,
$3@:4 50; Western cows, $1 50®3 23.
HOGS — Receipts. 9000. Strong to 5c higher.
Bulk of sales. $4 50@3 10; heavy, $505 20;
packers, $4 90@5 10; pigs and lights. ? 4 40@
4 90.
• CHICAGO, -. Nov. 3.^— CATTLE — Receipts.
13,000, Including 3300 Westerns; market steady.
! Good to prime steers, $G@7; poor .to medium,
i $3 75@5 SO; stockers and feeders, $Z$J4 10;
cows, $1 50@4 40; heifers. $1 75<§5 25; caoners,
$125@2 35; bulls. $1 75@4 25; calves, $3@7;
1 Texas fed eteers, $3 5O@5; Western steers,
.$2 75<J?5 10.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, ¦ 20,000; to-morrow,
estimated, 15,000: 5@10c higher. - Mixed and
butchers, $4 85® 5 25; .good ¦¦ to choice ! heavy,
$5 0505 30; rough . heavy. $4 70@4 95; light,
$4 85<S5 10; bulk of sales. - $4 95@5 10. . .
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. Sheep strong;
lambs steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 35@
4 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 50#4 20; Western
sheep, $3©4 50; native lambs. $4®5 75; Western
lambs, $4@5 50.
Kansas City.
Chicaso.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stock — Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert 23 2*
Aztfc HO
Caribou > 5 5f>
Home «J "ib
Independence .- ¦<¦? 30 - 32 '
Monarch (of Arizona) SO
Mcnte Criato 63 70
Occidental of W. Va 04
Oil City **troleum 57 68
Sterling t 5O ....
Tw-nty-eight 10 00 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 25 ' ....
Fischer's Theater 75 90
Morning Session.
2000011 City Petroleum BT
Afternoon Session.
500 As»ociat»d Oil 2»
200 Independence 22
1 1 " » Home <T
10O Monarch 3©
1<)O Twenty-eight Oil 10 CO
10O Caribou 5 5O
1300 Monte Cristo '. 70
RED AMD WHITE LEAD-^Red Lead. 7^0
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7V4©7?ic. according
to quantity.
k SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 0.23c:
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. aiOc; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated, ,6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners" A 6c;
Magnolia A, 5.60c; Extra C. 5.30c; Golden C.
8.40c; "D," 6.30c; barrels, 10c - more; half
I barrels. 25c more; boxes,' 30c more; 50-lb bag*
1 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels^
t;.*0c; boxes. 6.73c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for . lesa thaa
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per. ton; Nrw Wel
lington, $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 30;
Beaver Hill. $3 50; Roslyn. J7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 la
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke,
$11 50@13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 50 per short
ton. _- . ., . ¦-. ¦. . .
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for eases
add 5c; Linseed 53c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70s;
Bakers' A A. cases, $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 30c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
C'ffliOc per gallon: Cocoanut OH, In. barrels,
58c for Ceylon and 55c for . Australian ; extra
bleached winter Sperm OIL <>Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
OH. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. tS5c;
I pure Neatsfobt Oil. J3c; No. 1 NeatsfoofOH.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fieh Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil 33c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
OH. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl OH. In cases. 19Hc; Astral 1014c;
Star, ISHic; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline In bulk.
16c; in cases. 22%c : Benzine. In bulk. 13c: in
cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 23c;
in cases. 31c ' . '.-,''• I. .
TURPENTINE— 81c per 'gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels. "..'..¦.
BAG! 3 — Grain Bags. $303 25;' San Quentin,
$4 50; Wool Bags. 30632c; Fleece Twine. 7%c:
Fruit Bags, OHtQT^c for. whit* ¦ and 7c tot
brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs. . i
CHICAGO, Nov. 3. — On the . Produce Ex- j
change to-day the butter market was firm, j
Creamery. 15@23c; dairy, ia%®10Uc. . Eggs,
steady at mark, 16&@18tfc Cheese, steady, (
io@i0%c. : • ..•¦¦-¦
ONIONS— $1 25@1 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— String Beans, 1<§2%c per
lb; Wax Beans.. 2{J3c per lb; Lima Beans,
4^i@5c per lb; Tomatoes. 10®40c per box;
Summer Squash. 85c@$I per box; Cabbage. 63c
per ctl; Carrots, -75c > per sack ;¦ Cucumbers, 33
©50c per box;' Garlic,- 4&®4Hc per lb; -Egg
Plant, 25® 40c- per box; Dried Peppers, nom
inal; Green Okra, 6O@75c per box; Green Pep
pers, 25@50c per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard
Squash, $10@12 per ton for round lots. '
Receipts of". Potatoes 'were ! lighter than
usual, but the market was still overloaded
with previous receipts of river Burbanks and
only the fanciest offerings received any atten
tion. -Two carloads of Sweets came in and
were . readily r marketed at about previous
prices. , Onions sold ¦ at a wide range as to
quality and variety, but the market was firm
for all grades.
Receipts of Tomatoes were heavy and In
cluded much poor and soft stock, which had
to be disposed of quickly. Good, firm offer-
Ings were in fair request at 23@40c per box,
while no reasonable offer was refused for leak-
Ing lots. String and Wax Beans of good qual
ity did a little better. The other vegetables
had little change. .
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 4OQ
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 30 per ctl;
Hlver : Reds, 75®S5c per ctl ; Sweet Potatoes,
85c@$l per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and. Vegetables.
Cash Grain and Provisions. ".* ¦
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.— Cash quotations were as
follows:' Flour, easy; No. - 2 -spring- ¦ wheat,
$1 1001 15; No. 3, $1 03@l 12; No. 2 red, $1 15%
0110%; No. 2 corn, 54^4c; No. 2 'yellow, |
57%c; No. 2 oats. 29%c; No. 2 white, 31#@ 1
32Hc; No. 3 white, 3OV4@31%c; No. . 2 rye,!
79%c; good feeding barley, 3<®38c; fair to •
choice malting. 41@52c; No. 1 flaxseed. Jl 10;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 16; prime timothy seed, ¦
52 60: mess pork, per barrel. Jll'iill 02 V,; lard,
per 100 pounds, 57 07%@7 10; short ribs sides
(loose), $6 9O@7;'short clear sides (boxed), f?@
7 1214; whisky, basis of high wines, . $1 24; :
clover, contract grade, ?12. i
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments. :
Flour, barrels. ' 39.500 • 17.700
Wheat, bushels..'... ..120,000 91.000
Corn, bushels............. 645,500 146,200
Oats bushels... ........ ..175,600 266.000
Rye, bushels 3,000 1.800
Barley bushels. 67,100 65,600
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ;¦-:..-"-
CATTLE— Steers. 7V;©7%c: Cows and HelX
ers. 5%®eHc: thin Cows. 4g5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4Hc per lb (gross weight.) •
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%©3%c; Ewes. 3$3&e
per lb (gross weight.) .
LAMBS — $2 50©2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 230 lbs. i%tH%c;
under 140 lbs, 4%@4^c; soft Hogs, not want
ed; Sows, 20 per cent oft; Boars, 50 per cent
off, -and Stags. 40 per, cent off from above
quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from, slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5@7c for Steers and 485c per It
for Cows. ' -
VEAL — Large. 5V4®7c: small. 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7®7%c; Ewes. 6®7c pei
pound. • •¦- -* ;/-*i~.:
LAMB— 8©0c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, ftSSc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Heavy Hogs are a fraction higher and firm.
The packers are still declining to buy soft
Hogs, as they turn out a flabby, oily bacon
not desired by the trade or consumers. . •
3Ieat Market.
20 Paauhau S P Co 15 «£.
30 S F Gas & Electric 58 75
16 Sprtoe- Valley Water Co 33 25
Street—
?-%e0O Sacramento El Ga» & Ry 53..1C0 2"»
H.COO United R B of S F 1 per cent. 83 37 £
Afternoon Session.
i' ~:-\ r i iViani —
50 Alaska Packers' Association.... 90 50
25 Bank of California ..42l.">
5 Giant Powder Con <£! 5l>
"0 Makaweli 2T 73
130 Oceanic 9 S Co 3 5*
110 Paadhau S P Co 13 73
50 Spring Valley Wa,ter Co .T» 12ti
$2,CCt> Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 3s 10O CO'
$ 1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s lls 50
Street —
$10,000 Spring Val Wat Co gen mtg 4s. 90 12V»
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 63. — J01 jSF & NP 5s.M2 HUH
B L Wat 6s. — m^a.S P C R 4s. OS 103
Cal NW 53..113H — !3 P Co 4«,s.l01ii —
M C Wat 5s.lC0 — Sun Tel 6s...lUii —
RU I WksSa — 103 I Do 5» 10S> 4 —
SP Drdk 5s. 112 — |Suttr-st R5s.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . — 23 t LonA SF Bk. — 60
Amer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nav Co. CO " —
Cal Cot Mils SO — |Nev Nat Bk 2CO —
Cal G&ECor. 50 — |N S R R Co. 9 ! i —
C Jockey Cl. — > 112ii!N- Cal P Co. 9% 10&
Cal Powder. 130 H3 I Oak Bk Sav.l2«> —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 I Oak T Con.. 73 —
Cal T I & T — 1» I IOOF Hall A «H —
Cen Bk. Oak — 73 |Orpheum Co. — . 154
Chutes Co .. — 5*i!PacC Cas Co. 133 —
City & C Bk — 120 !Pac Sur O.105 —
Cyp L Imp.. — «4!Paraf Paint.. 39 —
EasfDynm. — 373 |S F Dry<lock — 85
DptPwd pfd — S3 ISF&SJ Coal. 17Vi 20
Do com . . M> 80 ]S J Wat Co.lO^ii —
FN Bk. Oak 1 2O — ISO A MTjrbt.125 . —
Fischer Thtr 73c — (Swiss- A Bk..ll5 —
Frnch-A Bk.lO7 113 | Truck Elect.. 11U —
Gas Con A.. l»Vi 194' UR InC pfd. «O 62
Hono P Co.. 23 23 I Do com ... 12*4 —
Afternoon Session.
100 United Ry Inv Co pfd 60 <2H
SUMMARY OF TIIE 3IARKETS.
North Shore Bonds offered lower.*
Nrw York stocks irregular' Cotton
hifflier.
Sterlins Exchange lower. Silver nn
oliansed.
; . M ;ii sectiritlos continue llgrhtly
traded In. .•.;.;;
Wheat, Barley, Oats and Corn show
little change.
Hay and Bran still weak and freely
offered. _
Bean* and Seeds as previously quoted.
Nevada Honey still neglected. Figs
higher in New York.
I»rovlsions still quiet, here and In the
West.
slislu advance in quotations for heavy
HO£S- .
Butte r market still dull and depressed-
Cheese steady.
I-ine fresh Eggs still higher and very
Tvvo cars of Cranberries to from the
Potato market still overloaded. Onions
Turkeys selling welL Other poultry
weak. Game steady. •*? •
No particular change In the Fruit
market, .
Lrttmber market reported in better
. condition.
Xew York Cotton Market.
Tb« New Tork wires of E. F. Button & Co.
yesterday said: *
"Our tnarket opened easy, one to five points
down. Tk» trading at tb* opening was light.
b-Jt prices held fairly steady for awhile, but
th« pit crowd, bearish at heart. #old the mar
ket off eotne few points up to the time the
<»>»] pinners' report was Uiued at noon. show-
Ing only 6.417,6J«4 bales ginned up to October
IS. TT.'.s counts round bales as half bales.
Th» report was a great surprise to most
traders., who had expected it to show about
7.000,000 bales. Immediately after the report
was aficoonced the market Jumped, up eoxne
ten to twelve points la a lew minute* and
tha shorts made a scramble to get back their
cotton. Thla will be the last official report
f.-osi the Corernsnent until Its last report
?•stidating the totsJ crop, which will be ls
cued on or about December 3. We still think
cotton win prove a good investment on any
declin*."
Ttie Lumber Trade.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says:
"The Ian month has seen the lumber mar
kets of the Pacific Co&ct Improve from one end
to the other and the prospects for November
appear excellent. Redwood lumber and shin
riea are moving easily, with excellent prices
tr,'. steady demands. Rustic Ftock is scarce.
.«i;h a heavy demand, while No. 1 common
r: ~.s a fair call, with No. 2 and 3 common
i cnsiderably o3 In price and demand. The
latter is due greatly to the fact that many
retailers call for good No. 1 and displace
sotne grades of dear with It. Common or
inferior quality runs into close and exhaust
ive competition with the pine from the Noih
• est of cheaper stocks, m-lth the result that
the latter wins out. "Where 30 per cent of
redwood used to be utilised In house trai kites
in this city and vicinity pine is now being
rushed to the extent of 85 per c«it and red
wood suffers in consequence.
'"Redwood shingles are active, with an ex
cellent Eastern demand taking heavy ship
nients of this product. T^exas has recently
ccrne into this .market for the shingles It
r*»ver knew »bout before, and these increase*
in dPirwmds and the broadening of the red
»otxt ehingles" sphere of action can be cred
:t.-d to the . able management of the Shingle
Association. Prices are well sustained and
a possible advance a.t no far distant date can
te^ar.tjeipaied.
'. ' "Reiwood ties have slackened up in de
mand, but this Is fortunate since the stocks
are low cn the Coast, with no prospect for
f-ny excess for sorr.e months to come. Those
are in possession of ties are holding
i-ack for better prices. Shakes are easy with
>everal groan niills lately commencir.g opera
.tions. which means a slight overloading, of
tbm current aearVet. . . .
"Pin* it moving well, with well sus'ained
VrU*M. Building all over the Coast it ac
tive and the demand is consequently normal
and encouraging. Foreign shipments are
as usual for this season of the year and
tte outlook promise further activity The
redwood manufacturers of Mendocino County
have formed an association for export and
• hope to be able to force more remunerative
returns for thel r carr**.
Chi & Alton. 3%s. 81 |S L < & I M con 5s.ll6
C. B & Q new 4s. 98%IS L & S F fg 4s. 87%
CM & SP gn 4s.llO% 1st Louis SW lsts. 9S
C & NW con 78.127 Seaboard A L 4s. 82%
C. R I & Pac 4s. 76%|So Pacific 4s 94%
Do col 5s 89%! So Railway 5s.... 118%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lO2U|Tex & Pac lsts. .120%
Chi Term 4s S3%|Tol St L & W 4s. R0%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 74% I Union Pacific 4s. 105%
Colo & So 4s SSHl Do conv 4s '.110%
Colo Fuel & I 5b. 81%IU S Steel 2d 5s.. 85%
Den & Rio G 4s.lO2 |Wabash lsts .....117
Erie prior lien 4s.lOO% Do deb B ..... 66
Do gen 4s . SS% W & L Erie 4s... 91"
f • W & rjr C lsts.HOii Wis Central 4s..; 92
Hock Val 4%s...lO9
\Xew York Mining Stocks.
Adam* Con 20: Little Chief ..... 06
Alice 45!Ontarlo ..3 50
£"*« 12;ODhlr 2 35
Bruns Con (WjPhoenlx ....... 14
Com Tunnel 0»|PotosI '10
Con Cal & Va... 1 65' Savage . .... ."T 25
Horn Silver* l 25| Sierra Nevada 25
Iron Silver 1 95iSraail Hopes 28
Leadvllle Con.... C2| Standard ......... 1 85
Boston Stocks and Bonds. «
Money— |US Steel.. .....1. 21%
Call loans 2©3J Do pfd ¦ 81%
Time loans 4@5IWesting Common. 84
, Bonds— j
Atchlson 4s 102%| Mining" —
Do adj 4a.. .... 92 I Adventure 5
Mex Central 4s... 69 lAUouez 14%
Railroads — |Amal Copper .... 72»4
Atchlson 85% Amer Zinc 13%
Do pfd 101%!Atlantic 19%
Boston & Albany.251 | Blngham 33%
Boston 4 Malne.lC4 I Calumet & Hecla.620
Boston Kiev 153 Centennial- 29%
Fitchburg pfd.... 138% Copper Range ... 64
Mex Central 17% Daly West ....... 12%
N Y. N H & H..193% Dom Coal 58
Pere Macquette... 75 ! Franklin . 11%
Union Pacific 110 Grancy 3%
Miscellaneous — Isle Hoyale ...... 25 .
Amer Arge Chem. .19% Mass Mining .... 7
Do pfd 80%!Michlgan 9%
Amer Pneu Tube. 6%lMohawk ..... 53%'
Amer Sugar 145 Mont Coal& Coke 5%
Do pfd 137 lOld Dominion ... 27
Amer Tel & Tel.l42%)0!>ceola 91
Amer Woolen ... 17% Parrot 28%
Do pfd 83% Qulncy 105
Dom Iron A S... 15 Shannon 8%
Ed Elect Ilium.. 250 Tamarack 124
Gen Electric 174% Trinity 14%
Mass Electric 13 US Mining 24%
Do pfd 55U U S Oil 11
Mass Gas 41% Utah 43
United Fruit 105 Victoria .......... 4%
Un Shoe Maeh... 54% Winona ....."..;. . 11%
Do pfd 31%! 'Wolverine 99
London Closing: Stocks.
Cons for money.. 87% N Y Central 138%
Do for acct 8% Nor & Western... 75
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 93
Atchison ..;. 88% Ont & Western... 44%
Do pfd 104 v, Pennsylvania 70%
Bait & Ohio..- 97% Rand Mines 10%
Con Pacific ....:133 Reading 38
Ches & Ohio 45U Do lat pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 24% Do 2d pfd 41
Chi. Mil & St P.175% So Railway ..... 35%
De Beers 16UI Do pfd 97
Den & Rio G 31%!So Pacific 63
Do pfd 84% (Union Pacific 113%
Erie 40% Do pfd • 97%
Do 1st pfd 74%!U 8 Steel...:....". 22%
Do 2d pfd 54 | Do pfd 85%
111 Central 146UCWabash .;; 22%
Louis & Nash. ...137%l Do pfd ...... =* 44%
M. K & Texas... 32%!Spanlsh 4s 86%
Bar silver— Quiet 26 15-16d per ounce.
Money— 2®3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%©2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2% ©2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows; Avail
able cash balance, $145.500; 498- gold $S2.-/
077,591.
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Nov. 3. — Cotton futures opened
easy; November, 9.55c ; December, 9.76c; Jan
uary, 9.85c; March. 9.97@10c; May and April,
10c; June and July, 10.08c. ,,
Futures closed very steady; November. 9.70c;
December. 9.79c; January. 9.98c: February
l>'».04c; March. 10.09c; April 10.14c- May.
10.18c: June. 10.16c.
Spot closed quiet and steady; middling up
lands. 10.15c; middling gulfs, 10.40c. Sales.
1500 bales.
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24.700 barrels; exports. 1000 barrels. -Sales.
3800 packages. Market steady, with fair in
quiry. v ...
WHEAT — Receipts, none. ' Sales, 4,000,000
bushels futures. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, $120%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $126%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal.
Bullish AiErentlne news produced early strength
in wb>»at, after which the price declined under
bear pressure. In turn, bullish Southwest crop
news warned shorts and the market finally
advanced to the best point of the day, closing
%c net higher. Sales Included No. 2 red May,
$112 9-16611311-16, closed $113%; July.
$1 C3%@1 03%. closed $103%; December,
$1 16% m 17%.
HOPS — Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
HIDES — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Qu let.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%@3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar/ 3%@
3%c: refined, firm. -
COFFEE — Futures closed steady, unchanged
to an advance of 5 points. Sales, 67,250 bags,
including: December. e.SOtfJ^-SSc: March, 7.10<^
7.15c: May. 7.30^7.35c; July. 7.50, and Septem
ber, 7.CO@7.65c. Spot Rio, Steady: No. 7 Rio,
8%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 10@13e. ~V
DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATED APPLES — Continue easy,
with prime fruit for future delivery offering
around 4%c, while It is said that sellers show
a disposition to shade these figures. Common
are quoted at 4©-5%c;. prime, 4%c; choice,
48$c, and fancy. 6®7c.
PRUNES^ — Continue to Improve in point of
activity and the market shows firmness. . Quo
tations range from 2 to 5%c, .according to
grade.
APRICOTS — Are dull, but show no change
in quotations, which "range from 9%c to 10c
for choice; lO%01O%c for extra choice and
lie to 15c for fancy.
PEACHES^ — Are also quiet and generally
steady. Choice are held at 8%ig«%c;*'extra.
choice, 9gfl%c. and fancy, 9%@10c
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, < Nov. 3. — Wool steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing. 20@27c; light,
fine 16"a21c; heavy, fine, 13@17c; tub. washed,
23&37%c. .
Xew York Metal Market. ,
NEW YORK, Nov.. 3. — The London tin mar
ket was again higher, closing at £132 10s for
spot and. £132 for futures. Locally the. mar-'
ket was firmly held, with y spot quotations '
ranging from "f29©29 25.
Copper was firmer In London, closing at I
£63 for spot and £62 7s 6d for futures. Lo
cally copper was firm In tone. . with most
dealers holding at the outside prices. Lake,
$1.175<gl4: electrolytic. $13 75^13 87%, and
casting, $13 50@13 75.
Lead was firm, but unchanged at £12 12s 6d
in London and was a little hlgh«r on the out
elde price In the. local market, which, . however,
may be considered extreme. Spot Is quoted at
$4 20@4 25.
Spelter was unchanged at £23 15s in London
and at $5 30S5 40 locally.
Iron closed at 50s lOd in Glasgow and 45s
in Middlesboro. Locally Iron was firmer. No.
1 foundry. Northern, $15 50@16: No. 2 foundry.
Northern, $15@15 50; No. 1 foundry Southern
and foundry Southern soft, $15@16.
I Do pfd I »0 94
3CK»Amer Cotton Oil 32 32 30% 31%
Do pfd »5% 97
Amer Dist Tel 25 27
Amer Express 208 210
6,700 Amer G T Co... 7 7%
Amer Hide & L 5 5ji
100 Do pfd 22 22 21 21',*
lOUAmer Ice S% fe% 8% S%
3OO Do pfd 37 33H 35% 3«H
300 Amer Linseed .. 14 12% 30 33%
j Do pfd .>.... «> W
«00 Amer LocomoUve 27% 27%27U 27%
30tt Do pfd 97% 97% 97% 99
Araer Malt 6 &Vi
Do Pfd 22 22%
18,'JOO Amer S tc, R Co 75 73% 73% 74%
1.6001 Do pfd 112% 112 111 112
34.300 Ainer Sugar 146% 144% 145 145%
1.100 Do pfd 137% 136% 13«% 137%
lAroer Tel & T Co 142 144
10Oi Amer Tob pfd... 144 144 145 145%
Amer Woolen 17% 18%
200 Do pfd 84 83% &t% 87
2, S00 Anaconda .. 106K 105 105 106
Ann Arbor ..... 30 33
Do pfd •'. 60 64
lO.OOOfA T & Santa Fe £8% 85% 85% 66
600^ Do pfd 102 101% 101% 102
22.900,Balt & Ohio ... 95% 94% 94% 95
300 Do Pfd 95 85 95 96 .
|Bay State Gas 3-16 %
41.1C0iB R T 67% 66 67% 67%
Brooklyn U Gas 220 224
Brunswick D & I 8% 8%
IButterick Co 50% 51
100! Canada Southern 67% 67% 67 68
Canadian Pacific 129% 129 129 12»V*
4.000C & O 45% 44% 44% 45
C & A 36 89
100 Do pfd ...... 84 84 80 65
C & E I pfd ... .» 137% 145
CI&Lpfd.... 83 00
9.900 C & G W 24 23% 23% 23%
' Do pfd A 63 64
1.100 Do pfd B 85% 34% 34% 35
Do debs 86 90
C & N W 194 195
20.000 C M & St P... 171% 170% 171% 171%
100 Do pfd 182 181 181 1S2
74,000 C R I & P (new) 34% 33% 33% 33%
Do pfd 74% 73% 73% 74
I Do 4s 76% 76%
LOOOiChicaso Terminal 10% 10% 10% 10%
1.400^ Do pfd 24% 23 23% 24
2.300 Chic Un Trac... 10% 9% 9 9%
Do pfd 37 3S
C C C & St L ,.. 83% 85
Do pfd ...112 114
Cleve Lor & W. 70 75
Do pfd ..- 85
B5,300Colo Fuel &il... 44 42% 43 43%
300 Do pfd 72% 72% 74 i5
1,000 Col Hock C & I.. 14 14 14 14%
1.200 Colo Southern ... 22% 22% 22% 23
600 Do 1st pfd 65 64% 64% 55%
€.000 Do 2d pfd 33% 32% 33% 33%
1.20O Consolidated Gas 216% 216 216 216%
300 Cont Tob Co pfd. 125 125 124% 125%
.......ICorn Products .. 18% 17% 17% 18
700 Do pfd 75% 75 74% 76
2,400 Del A Hudson... 166 184% 184% 185
300DL&W' 315 315 315 317
D&RG • 31 32
700 Do pfd 82% 62%
Des M & Ft D.. .,..., 24% 25%
1,300 Detroit Un Ry.. 75 74% 73% 74
600 : Detroit Southern. 6 4% 4% 5
600 Do pfd 9 8% 8% 9
Diamond Match 138 139
7,S0UDia Securities .. 3S% 36% 36% 36%
Do Bonds 75 75%
100 Duluth S S & A. 12 12 11% 12%
100 Do pfd 18% 18% 1S% 20%
73.700!Eri« 40 SS% 38% 39
2,600 Do 1st pfd .... 72% 71% 7134 72
400 Do 2d pfd 51% 51% 51 51%
ei>0E&TH 62% 62% CO C2%
Do pfd . '. 83 85
Gen Chemical 49 55 -
* 100 Do pfd 96 96 95 97
200 ! Gen Electric 174 174%
Great North pfd IS2 IBS
jGreen Cons Cop 25% 25%
Havan Tob Co V 28 29
j Do pfd 40% 40%
[Hocking Valley 80 S3
I Do pfd 67% 89
l.SOOlllllnois Central... 143 142% 142% 142%
SOOilntcrnatl Paper.. 18% 18% 18 16%
700| Do pfd 77% 77 77 77%
900 Internatl Power. 61 57% 57 59%
llnternatl Pump 37% 38
| Do pfd 79% 60%
100 Iowa Central ... 27% 27% 27% 27%
Do pfd 48% 49
Kanawha&M... 35 36
€00 K C Ft E&Mpfd. 80% 79% 60 80%
300 Kan City South. 29% 29% 29 29%
600 Do pfd 52 51% 51 51%
iKeokuk & D M 15 17%
.Laclede Gas pfd. SI 100
100 Lake E Sc West.. 35 35 32 35
j Da pfd 100 110
ILong Island 58 59
4.300:L«ouls & Nash... 134 132% 132% 133
2.70O Manhattan 161% 161 161.% 161%
'Manhat Beach 10% 11
1.500 Metropolitan Sec. 83% 83 82% 83
16,K<0Met Et Ry 125 123% 123% 123%
2,900.Mexlcan Central. 18% 17% 17% 17%
Minn & St L 59% 60
Do lat pfd 93 98
• »O0'M, Et P & S S M 93% 92% 93% 93%
700! Dj pfd 149 149 147 148
8,900 Mo Kan & Tex. 31% 31 31% 31%
5.000! Do pfd 69% 58% 58% 69
10.700 Missouri Pacific. 103% 102% 103 103%
INash, C & St L 130 133
3,400;NationaI Lead... J25% 24% 25 25%
Do pfd 96 98
Ntl RR Mex pfd 38% 40%
National Biscuit 49% 49%
Do pfd 111% 112%
1,400 New Jersey Cen. 185 184 184% 185%
NY Air Brake 135 137
9,4WNew York Cen.. 135% 134% 13» 134%
100 N T, C & St L. 37 37 36 38
Do 1st pfd i... 112 117
: Do 2d pfd 70 75
New York Dock 12 16
400 N Y. N H & H. 194 193% 193% 194
4,200'N Y. Ont A W. . 43% 41% 43 43%
11.200! Norfolk & West. 73% 72% 72% 73
I Do pfd 90 95
1,400 North American. 9C% 96% 96% 90%
(Northern Sees 115% 115%
. . Omaha 147 150
Do pfd ISO 190
O S L 4s : 104 104%
1,000 Pacific Coatt.... 80% 79% 79% 80
Do 1st prd 98 10S
400 Dj 2d pfd. 83% 83 82% 84
1.400 Pacific Mail 38% 38% 38% 39
S2.4O0Penn R R Co... 138 136% 137% 138
2.200 People 1 * Gas...* 108% 10S% 106% 108%
(Pere Marquette 75 80
200| Do pfd 77% 77 77 77%
100 P. C. C & St L. 76 76 73. 75%
Do pfd 95 98
2 000 Pressed Steel Car 31 30% 31 31%
Do pfd - 79% 80
'Pullman Car Co 223 227
¦ feOO'Ry Steel Springs. 25% 25 25- 25%
Do pfd 84% 65
15,700 Reading 74 72% 72% 73
Do Ut pfd 87 88
100 Do 23 pfd 78% 60
3.300:U*public S & I.. 12% 12 12% 12%
2 700! Do pfd. 54% 53% 54V 4 54%
300Rabber Goods... 22% 22% 22% 22%
,| Do T>M. .....:• 84% 83% 83 66
6100'Sloss S S & I. 55 .51% 51% 53
i Do pfd .'••• 97 98
::::::: stj&o i u» us
....... Do 1st pfd 52 55
300' Do 2d pfd 26 26 25 25%
|St L&S T l«t pf d . ; 82 83
600 Do 2d pfd.... 62% 62% 62% 62%
1.700StL&6W 23 22% 22% 22%
12001 Do pfd 60% 49% 60 60%
14.400! Southern Pacific. 61% 60% 61% 61%
A Do pfd .116% 115% 116* 110%
"8,000 Southern Ry.... 34% 33 34% 34%
I Do pfd - »4 »4%
(Standard Oil*.. 644 648
COO; Stand Rope & T. 2% 2% 2 2%
42.300lTenn Coal & I.. 61% 58% 60% 61
3.700 Tex Pac L T Co. S3 32% 33% 34
-2 800 Texas Pacific ... 35% 34% 34% 35%
lThlrd Ave .'. 101 102
-..(To! Hy & Trac Co 25% 28%
100 Tol St L & W.. 30% 30 „ 29% 30
400 Do pfd ....:.. 49% 49 48% 49
200iTwin City R T. . 106 106 105% 106
Cn Bag &. Paper 7 7%
........ Do pfd 65 68
52,60o!unlon Pacific ... 110% 109% 110% 110%
400 Do pfd ...97 96 95 95%
...U.. Do Conr 4's 110 110%
United Copper 5 7
United Rds of SF ..... . 16% 17%
, Do pfd 60% 61
Do 4's ...; 85 85%
300 U S Caft Iron P 13% 13 13% 14 v
• 1.600 Do pfd 65% 63% 64 65%'
17 S Express 113 119
11.900 U 6 Leather .... 13% 13% 13% 13%
2,000 Do pfd ...:... 92% 92 92% »2%
100U S Rubber..... 27% 28
KOO! Do pfd : **M, 83% X4 84%
109.000 U S Steel Cor... 22% 21% 22 22%
»7,4<>O! Do pfd S2U K1% SI% Hl%
700iVa-Car Chem Co. 38% 3S | 38 38%
300 Do pfd Ill 111 110% 111%
Wabarh 21"% 21% 21% 2l~i
MM) Do pfd 44% .42% 43% 4.1%
2,400 Do deb, B**... «5%i 60 •,
Wells Fargo Ex .'. ..... 237/ 1213V
I00!Wes<ern Union .'-. »;..": 90% ;9l
«0rt;We*tinghouse ... 109% 163% 1CS% 169 • .
300IW & L E 18% -18% ;«% 1S%"
i; j Do 1st pfd . ..... 45-46...
.......| Do 2d pfd -':. ,.... : 2fl% r 27
, 20OlWIs Central ... 22% l 22% 22%f-28->-.
....... I Da pf d . . . :;.v. . . /. . |r. : . . | 45 | 45%
1.115,700 total shares sold.' :.
Xcw, York Bonds.
C S nt 2s reg..lO4%JL & N unified 4s. 102 '
Do coupon 104%lMancon gold 4s. 105
Do 3s reg .104% I Mex .Central 4s... 72 Q
Do coupon..... 104% Do 1st vine... ?1%
Do new *s reg.130% Minn A St L 4s.. • 97
Do coupon 130% M.'K A Texas 4s.lC2 -
Do old 4« reg.106% Do 2ds ....'..'... 84%
Docoupon...-..106U|NR of Mex con 4« 80 •
Atch gen 4s 102%tN Y C gen 3%i..lO0%
Do adj 4s 93%|N J C. gen 5s.. ..134%
Atlantic. C L 4s. 9SUt Nor. Pacific 4s... 405 :
Bait & Ohio 4s.lO3%f Do 3s ......... 74%
Do 3%s ....... 05%!Nor * W con 4s.l00%
Central of Ga 5s.Hiy.tOSL 4s & partic.104
* Do 1st inc..'. .. 91- |Pa ..c»nv.3%s..:.101ti
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO5%| Reading: gen-. 4s... 101%
Receipts of Beans Increased again, being
7354 sacks. The • market showed • no change
whatever . - ;.:.--..¦¦-/
BEANS— Bayos,- $2 75®3; Pea. $3 10<g3 25*.
Butters $2 75©3: small White, $3 15@3 33:
large White. $2 4002 65; Pink. $2 7."@3 25
for dry; -Red $4 25@4 50; Lima. $4 101g4 20;
Red Kidneys,' $4 5004 75; Blackeyes. $2 60©
2 70 per'ctl: Horse Beans. $1 S5@2 40. ~
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $4 7505; Tellovr
Mustard. $3 25; Flax. $2@2 75: Canary. «%
©7c; Alfalfa. 15%@16%c; Rape, 1%©2%c;
Timothy 5*ic; Hemp 3%#3%c per lb; Millet,
2%(g3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $2O@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 75#2 60; Green
Peas. $1 75@2 60 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
lnent packer. l At the. close January pork was ,
up "He lard and ribs were each up 2'^iC.-"vJ
The leading futures ranged as follows: - ,
Articles — Open. High. -'-Low. Close. .
Wheat No. 2— - • ;:.'.> ..;."¦,
December ..... 1 12V4 1 12^ 1' 11%. -1.-12%
May 1 12><, 1 12% 1 ll\i 1 12^ |
July ........... 9S% . ffi* 98 , .03(4 ;
Corn No. 2 — •?-¦* I
December ..... 4S% - 4S% 47Ti 4SVI
May..... 4ri^, 45% 45% .45%
July...' 45%. 45% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2 —
July.... :. 31% 31% - 31 ' 31
November ..... .... '¦"." 20%
December. . . . . .~ : 28% 25% ¦¦ 28% 28%
May :... 31&- 31% 31 -31V,
Mess Pork, per bbl — • i
January 12 60 12 67% 12 60 12 65
May -.12 63 12 67% 12 62% 12 65
Lard, per 100 lbs — ~ ' -,-' ~^ - -'
January .:.:... 7 12% 7 lt% 7 12% 7 15
May 7 25 ' 7 27%' 7 25 '7 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — I
January ....... 6 55 6 57% 6' 55 .6 55 |
May 6 67% 6 70 667%;670
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50®32 50;
jobbing, $33: Cocoanut Cake. . $23©24; Cocoa
nut Meal. ?24@25; Corn Meal. $31@31 50;
Cracked Corn $31 50©32; Mixed Feed. $22 50ft
23; Horse Beans. %ZC@iO per" ton; Broom
Corn I Feed, ¦ OOo per etl.
HAT — Wheat. $1C@ 15; Wheat and Oat. $10#
14; Cat. $9©12; Barley and Oat, $*311; Volun
teer Wild 'Oat. $7«?10: stable. $9@10: stock.
$5 5Og7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa. $9®12 per
ton. '"¦ ,¦
STRAW— 35660c per bale.
about %©lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium? 10c; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides,- 9%o- for • heavy; and- 9%Cr for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 10%c; Salted Veal.
ll%c: Salted Calf. 11 Uc: dry Hides, 17c; dry
Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
25® 40c each; 'short Wool 40e«3c each: m?
dium. 75@90c: long Wool. $101 50; Horae
Hides.' salt. $2 75 for large and $2®2 50 for
medium. $1 30@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 SO far
medium. $1 for small ' and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do,
$125; large, 50c; medium. 35c; small 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4g V 7 c 'per lb;
No. 2.. 3%c; Grease, 2%®3c.
"WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. '9011c; Southern, SgOc; Southern Moun
tain. 9@llc: Middle Counties, free. 12®14c^
do defective. 10012c; Northern free, 12@l+c;
do' defective, 10&12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 16@lSc ¦ per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop. 28%©31Hc per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, NOVEMBER / 4, 1904.
w Hides, .Tallovr. VWool'and* Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS^-Culla and • brands sell
There were ¦ no further ; changes In anything
yesterday. Hay- and -.Bran- continued *weak.
with ¦ sellers . offering freely and buyers hold
ing off. ' ; fc~'^*.'.'.-«i .-.-¦¦,• . ¦¦¦•..
.BRAN-$18®19 per ton.-, . ' . ,. .
.MIDDLINGS— $23 50^28 per ton.
SHORTS — $18@19 peruon. , -- . • t
I FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled -'Barler. $23®24 per
Hay and Feedstuffs.
- MARCHA^nyS INCORPORATES. — Articles
of Incorporation were filed yesterday by "Mar
chand's" for the purpose of conducting a
French restaurant- The capital stock is $73.-
OCO of which $100 Jti rubscribed by «ach ot the
folfowlng directors: P. Prlet. M. Debret. Ma
rie Prtet. B. P. Oliver and F. Berretta. This
is. supposed to be • a reorganization following
the litigation in which the restaurant was In
volved by Mrs. Marc hand's suit for divorw.
There is "nothing new to report. Trade con
tinues inactive.
• 'CURED 'MEATS— Bacon. ; lie per lb- : "for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13 He for light.
14S14&C for extra light and ' 16c for sugar
cured; dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie;
Eastern 1 sugar-cured Hams, 13@13%c: Califor
nia Hams 12%@12%c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50
per bbl; extra Mess. $10 5Og 11; Family. $120
12 50: prime Mess- Pork. $14 50; extra clear,
$23. Mess. $17 50; Pig Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet.
$5-. Smoked Beef. > 14c per lb. -
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c .per ' lb for
California' compound, -7e for Eastern compound
and ©Q9%c for. pure; : half-barrels, pure, 9"«0
0»ic; 10-lb tins. lOJic; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins. 10%c. v \ , . v
COTTOLENE-H>ne '; half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels.- 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces
8%c; , five tlarces, 8%e per lb. ,
Provisions.
FLOUR — Callfornia-r Family Extras, $4 809
BIO, usual -terms; -, Bakers' Extras,. $4 70QI5;
Oregon • and ¦ Washington. Jobbing at . $4@1 SO '
per bbl. ~ ' ~~.«ifs - T < . ¦.." - ¦¦: ¦ .-¦ ¦ ¦¦,-. .¦:. • - >.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In package* are as
follows:, Graham Flour.- $2 73 per 100 H>s;
Rye Flour. $3 25; : Rye Meal,* $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal. ; $4;: Oat Groats. $4 25; > Hominy,
$3 C0@3 85: Buckwheat Flour,. J4-25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 75:- Farina, v $4; Whole Wheat
Flour,- $3 60; Rolled - Oats. ' bbls. - $l> 75@7 50; In
sacks $4 25; •• Pearl' Barley. $5;^ Split Peas ,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs. \
Flour.' and Sllllstuffs.
CHICAGO. Nov. 3. — Reports of protracted
wet weather In Argentina brought out a good
demand for wheat when- trading began. As
a result . a , firm . undertone prevailed, initial
quotations on December being unchanged ¦. to
%c higher at $1 12% to $1 12Vi. May was a
shade lower to %@V4c higher at $1 11% . to
$1 12%. For a time the buying was of \a
lively character, shorts being quite active , on
that side of the market. Slight, advances were
maintained in the price of all deliveries,, both
December and May selling up to $1 12%. At
this point the market was subjected to heavy
selling pressure. The reason, mainly ' given
for the selling was the fact- that reports of
Hessian fly damage in winter wheat bad been
allayed to a considerable extent by reports
to & Cincinnati crop journal. According to
this authority damage to the growing crop
thus far has been comparatively insignificant.
The market was unable to withstand the
weight of offerings and in consequence Decem
ber sold- down to $1 11%. May declined . to
$1 11 V4. Primary receipts _¦ were again ' of
'smaller volume than last year's and an active
distribution of wheat : was seemingly In" pro
gress from Western ¦ market centers to v parts
of the country where there Is a scarcity. The
falling off In receipts * had its effect and on
this ¦ decline there was enough, wheat wanted
to re-establish the feeling of firmness • with
which business commenced. Drought damage
reports ' continued to . come ¦ In. * the effect of
which was to stimulate a better demand. .' A
firm tone prevailed at the close. Final quota
tions were \Lc • np. •• with December i at $1 - 12%
and on May at $1 17%. ...-
Bearish reports of ' crop, exports and con
tinued excellent . weather conditions were fact
ors that - caused an easier.: undertone, in; the
corn market. December closed -4»@ V4c lower
at 4S%C.- -¦¦¦¦. .:,,:-..¦¦-.. • ,-:,
Trading in oajs was . extremely quiet and
prices held steady. 4 December closed '.un
changed ; at 28f4c- - ' : »: r ' ' \:. x *¦¦ ~-~ :
Provisions - were , firm . on * buying . by , a prom-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Burnett's Vanilla : Extract .-• ' used
and highly Indorsed by all leading hotels. •'..,
Mrs. Mary Pollok, widowed mother
of Allan Pollok, the former, manager
of the St. Francis Hotel, died late yes
terday afternoon ln'her apartments at
that hotel. Death waa the result' of
advanced age and was hastened by a
slight stroke of paralysis, Mrs.
Pollok received ten days ago. . Dur
ing her last hours Mrs.. Pollok was at
tended by her son and; two daughters,
Margaret and Jean Pollok, who had
been her constant companions during
her long and happy life. She was a
native of Scotland," 74 years of age,
and leaves many friends in this city
and Southern California.' .The funeral
will' take -place 'to-morrow at 1 p. m.
from - the j First - Presbyterian Church,
Van. Ness avenue and Sacramento
street',' The funeral car . win -^ leave
Eighteenth -and. Guerrero- 'streets at
2:30 p.: m. Interment will take place
in Cypress Lawri Cemetery and will be
private. ' •''- . ' . "
Sirs. Pol I ok Is at Rest.
FIRE nEPAHTMEXT DRILL.— An exhibi
tion was g-lven yesterday by the Fire Depart
ment under the Fuperrlslon of AesItUnt Chlff
Shaushnessy at the Seventeenth-street drill
tower for the benefit of A. Berg, Fire Com
missioner of Honolulu. Bers in visiting: the
United States to observe flre-department
methods, and !¦ of the opinion that San Fran
cinco In the place for acquiring knowledge on
that score. The exhibition was a eucceea in
»very detail.
What the scoffers say about the bond
issue and the Inconsistency of the pro
fessions and performances of public
spirited citizens are the subject of
breezy editorial comment in this week's
Town Talk. There are some interesting
revelations in this number of serious dif
ferences among the Justices of the-Su
preme Court. Mrs. Gertrude Atherton
supplies material for several paragraphs.
The Saunterer explains why Mrs. Eleanor
Martin is In a quandary over her invita
tional list. He tells why local bankers
refused to contribute to the Roosevelt
campaign fund. He tells of the porcine
courtesy shown Governor Chamberlain of
Oregon by two leaders of the local De
mocracy. His story of how Landers Ste
vens resented an insult is of absorbing
interest. He suggests an answer to the
<iu;>stion that is agitating Ashbury
Heights society, discusses last Satur
day's t«is. tells of the meeting of a class
In the State University, of society's lat
est caprice and of an engagement soon
to be announced. The literary features
are, as usual, of excellent quality and in
clude a new short story written for Town
Talk by Robert Mace.
Tmvn Talk.
The body of the young man found in
Golden Gate Park last Tuesday with a
bullet wound in his head still lies at the
Morgue unidentified. Last evening two
boys, William McCarray and Thomas
Mellick of 668 Clementina street, called
at the Morgue and stated that the body
resembled that' of Earl Hamilton, whose
parents live at Twenty-seventh and
Sanchez streets. The boys said that
Hamilton took dinner with the Mellic'ks
Sunday afternoon and during the meal
remarked that he was going to kill
himself because his father had turned
against him. The elder Hamilton
could not be found last night by the
deputies of the Morgue who were. sent
out to bring him in for the purpose of
viewing and if possible Identifying the
remains as those of his son.
The strange actions of the woman
who has been calling at the Morgue
daily and decorating the remains with
flowers led to an investigation of her
identity yesterday and resulted in the
discovery that she is Mrs. Bertha Con
ness. The latter declared that she has
no knowledge as to the Identity of
the dead man and had simply been at
tracted to the Morgue through sym
pathy, aroused over the story publish
ed regarding the finding of the body in
the park.
Mrs. Conness* sister, Mrs. C. G.
Conna, who lives in East Oakland,
stated last night that Mrs. Conness had
admitted to her that the dead man
was an old acquaintance of hers, a
man whom she had known In Arizona.
The sister added that she knew that
Mrs. Conness had lived with a bar
tender named Frank Wilder in Doug
las, Ariz., for seven years. They were
not married, but Wilder continued to
send her sister money after the latter
had removed to this State. Finally
they had a falling out.
Mrs. Conness has been living at the
Cummlngs house at 618 Post street,
this city, but inquiry there last night
revealed the fact • that she had left
there yesterday. ¦
Mrs. Elizabeth Coleman of 1217
Mission street viewed the body in the
forenoon, and with loud lamenta
tions proclaimed the dead man to be
her brother, Alexander Henry Don
nelly. After she had been calmed by
Matron Tierney she admitted that her
brother's hair was not- auburn. An~
other of her brothers was .. thereupon
summoned to the Coroner's office by
Detective Taylor, and he unheslta^
tingly declared the body to be thiit of
a stranger. He said also that he had
seen his brother on the preceding
evening alive and well.
Identity or the Woman Who Carries
Flowers to the Morjrue Is
Finally Established.
Treasurer of Kings County Is Dead.
HANFORD, Nov. 3. —County Treas
urer W. H. Slavin died here to-day,
aged 55 years. He was a native of
Missouri. Death was due to tuber
culosis. Slavin came here in 1878 and
when Kings County was organized in
1893 he was elected Treasurer by the
Democrats and held office ever since.
He leaves one daughter.
MRS. BERTHA CONNESS
THE DEAD MAN'S FRIEND
arrested for distributing campaign lit
erature, at an outdoor political meeting
on Ninth street. Patrolman P. C.
Blick said that the Salvation Army had
been officially restrained from circulat
ing tracts at their open air meetings,
but the Judge opined that conviction of
the defendant would be equivalent to
prevention of free speech, as the cir
culars he ¦ distributed were intended to
prove some of the arguments uttered
by the suellbinderB. •.
The circulars in question contained
a comparative review of the respective
Congressional records of Julius Kalm
and E. J. Livernash, and were appar
ently issued with the. object of helping
the latter candidate's chances of find
ing favor with the labor voters. x
Mrs. N. Christianson, en route from
Stockton to Portland, was accompanied
by a heavy satchel, and after leaving
the river boat she engaged Louis Me
rino to carry her impedimenta to the
Portland steamer. Louis, whose au
dacity was innumerable degrees ahead
of his discretion, attempted' to run
away with his burden, and the handi
cap was so heavy that to overtake and
arrest him required hardly any speed
effort on the part of the corpulent po
liceman whom Mrs. Christianson sum
moned to her aid. Six months was the
sentence pronounced by Judge Cab
aniss. • • . .
WiJHa:.i Walsh.an able-bodied men
dicant, was given thirty days by Judge
Fritz after the policeman had told of
how the defendant made a specialty of
accosting women and cursing them If
they refused to contribute. ;
"And If you ever come before me
again," said his Honor to William,
"I'll give you six months."
William Felloes and John Sells were
accompanied by two young women as
they walked down Fourth street at 8:30
o'clock Wednesday -evening and the
young woman with Mr. Felloes scream
ed when John Collins suddenly sprang
from : a doorway and, aiming a knife
thrust at her ¦ escort, shouted : "How
dare you walk with that girl?" Mr.
Felloes threw up his right arm to pro
tect his body and the knife almost
severed the thumb from his hand. Ere
the thrust could be repeated Mr. Col
lins was in custody and the charges
against him on Judge Mogan's calendar
are assault with a deadly weapon and
carrying a* concealed weapon.
When the case was called the prose
cution obtained a continuance till to
day because of Mr. Felloes' Inability
"to appear, his wounded hand b.eing un
der treatment at a hospital.
The - defendant, about fifty years of
age and fashionably attired, stated
that he is a horseman from San Jose,
but would say nothing concerning his
attack. upon Felloes. When arrested
the open knife was found in his poc
ket and when reminded of that fact he
merely said: "Never mind; when the
proper time comes I'll tell my story."
John Sullivan, Patrick Foley and
Frank Ryan were alleged to operate as
a street-begging triumvirate. • "While
one of them solicited alms the other
two stood - in front of the person ac
costed and by their menacing demeanor
endeavored to intimidate him into com
plying with [ their comrade's request.
That's the game they, were engaged in
at midnight on Kearny street when two
patrolmen unexpectedly turned a cor
ner and caught them in the act.
"In these days of business combina
tions It is not surprising to find the
system extend to mendicancy," said
Judpe Mogan, "but street-begging that
is just one remove from footpadry
must be suppressed. I will sentence
you gentlemen to-morrow and as
sure you now that you will not have
opportunity to repeat your emulation
of 'The Three Guardsmen'— 'one for all
a:.d all for one,' you • know— until the
winter is far advanced."
Nineteen-year-old Harry Burns' saw
an advertising banner suspended from
the side of a peddler's wagon on
Church street and when the peddler's
back was turned Harry slyly applied
alighted match to the muslin and glee
fully watched the resultant -blaze. The
peddler had Harry arrested for dis
turbing the . peace, because the de
stroyed banner had advertised a forth
coming picnic of the Peddlers' Union,
and in Judge Cabaniss' court the spe
cial counsel of that organization ap
peared to push I the . ' prosecution of
Harry, but relented and suggested that
the lad be dismissed with a, reprimand.
Reprimand administered and dismissal,
ordered; . . .
JURY QUICKIiY SECURED
TO VTRY DOLBEER CASE
Hearing of Testimony in the Will
;r»:; Contest Will Begin Early
' . Next' Week. .' -' -;¦'•'.;,
;The Jury in the Dolbeer. will contest
¦was completed shortly, after noon yes
terday, in Judge Coffey's court, but
as neither side was ready ' to; proceed
further an adjournment was taken to
Monday; morning, when the introduc
tion of testimony will begin.
"The following were sworn to try the
case :'¦ t .•¦-¦-¦--.- ; '
K:'A. Lundstrom, 1458 Market street;
John Higgins,' 859 f Fulton street; Sie
bert Petereen, 633 Alvarado street;
Charles A. Slack, 2140 Pine street; Ed
gar W. Briggs, 960 Dolores street;
Christopher Branagan, 128 Chatta
nooga street ; Wl 11Iam Henke, 1108 Val
lejo ••;¦ street; ¦ Michael , Shannon; ¦ 2310
Jackson street;- Edward Convey, 1167
Green street; ' * Emii Lowenberg, 2239
Sutter, street;- Phlneas F. Ferguson;
Twenty-second and' Vicksburg streets;
William G. Copeland. ; .,
", Miss Etta Warren, to whom \ Miss
Dolbeer bequeathed the major portion
of; her estate,' 'will be in court Mon
day.. .-", ¦ •; ... ••¦¦ .-"._,. ¦¦¦¦:./':¦
TO REPRESENT PACIFIC MAIL'
COMPANY 'IN THE ORIENT
It. S. Miller Resigns His Position Here
1 and T. ' N. * Alexarider^Takes
His Place at Once.'
/- R. S.' Miller, who for many, years was
freight and claim agent of ¦ the Pacific
Mail ' Steamship Company, { the i Port
land'and Asiatic. Steamship 'Company,
and . the . San: Francisco : and '¦'. Portland
Steamship . Company,' will shortly, ko to
the Orient > in ' the ¦ interests \ of j, the Pa
cific Mail .Company.'; His -place '.here
will .be : filled >by; Thomas • N. Alexander.'
who . until ; recently,; has <, been \ purser of
the ;San; Jose, ; plying .between this clty
and Panama. ' . . , : ."¦. .
SUSPECTED OP, C- BUHGLAUY.— Charles,
alias Chick BaclRalupi, was arrested, lazt night
on, suspicion of l^lng a burglar. He. conducts
a c!:ar store.'-':? ;•-">.' '"/.
• 1 This ' most' elegantly .» appointed ' hotel and cafe
In San Francisco. Rooms single and en suite;
M i private 1 baths; : phone : In'- every .• room,' '- Hotel
Clarendon, 613 , Post St.; : opp. Olympic : Club. *
Judge Mogan dismissed the com
plaint against Elias Ellison, who was
Patrick Bannon, Peter Wall and
John Mogan, convicted of stealing $1 50
from "W. Letlng, a Fifth-street saloon
keeper, were given six months apiece
by Judge Fritz. ?
Miss Alice Haggerty Inadvertently
left her watch upon the parlor mantel
piece of the apartment-house in which
she lives at 742 O'Farrell street, and
when she missed the timepiece
went in quest of it she found Perry
Olcutt, 25 years of age, Just emerging
from the parlor and the watch con
spicuously absent from where she had
placed it. She taxed him with its
theft, and when arrested he confessed
that her suspicion was solidly founda
tioned. With feminine perversity,
however, she showed reluctance.' to
have him punished for grand larceny,
a penitentiary offense, and through her
mediation the complaint was reduced
to petty larceny and Judge Cabaniss
pronounced a sentence of twenty days.
Olcutt says he is a miner and called to
visit a friend, when he saw the watch
and could not overcome the temptation
to steal it
After vainly endeavoring to ascertain
the cause of the feud between the Roses
and the Ballingers' the Judge continued
the hearing, and advised the Roses, as
they are a more recent acquisition to
Decatur street society than the Bal
lingers, to remove their home to some
other neighborhood. ."For," quoth his
Honor, "the convenience of the oldest
Inhabitant is entitled to prior consid
eration in a contention which evidently
can only be settled by the removal of
one of the contestants."
Testimony In the battery case of Wil
liam H. Balllnger, wool sprter, of 11 De
catur stret, versus Hugh Rose, team
ster, of 9 Decatur street, . disclosed the
fact that there were four rattling prelim
inaries to the event In which Mr. Rose
blackened Mr. Ballinger's right eye and
shifted the location of a few of his left
ribs. The milling occurred last Sunday
afternoon contiguous to the respective
homes of the contestants and ' in the
following order:
2:15 o'clock— Mrs. Ballinger versus
Mrs. Rose; draw.
2:30 o'clock— Mr. Ballinger versus
Mrs. O'Brien of 8 Decatur street, a
"lady friend" of Mrs. Rose; Mrs.
O'Brien won.
2:45 o'clock — Mr. and Mrs. Rose ver
sus Mrs. O'Brien, who had suddenly
transferred her allegiance; Mrs. O'Brien
won.
2:50 o'clock— Mr. Rose versus Mrs.
O'Brien; Mrs. O'Brien won.
3:10 o'clock— Mr. Rose versus Mr. Bal
linger; Mr.. Rose lost. .
Casualties — Mrs. Rose, one black eye,
administered by Mr. Ballinger; Mrs.
Ballinger, internal injuries of indeter
minate seriousness, administered by
Mrs. Rose: Mr. Ballinger, one eye put
out of commission and ribB dislocated,
by Mr. Rose; Mr. Rose, knuckles of
right hand bruised by colliding with
cheekbone of Mr. Ballinger. Mrs.
O'Brien escaped physical injury.
When the parties lined up before Po
lice Judge Mogan yesterday Mr. Bal
linger's head was bandaged and a pro
tuberance on the left side of his vest
was alleged to indicate where his ribs
were out of proper position. Mrs. Rose's
discolored and swollen left eye was
plainly visible through a dark veil. She
averred that Mrs. Ballinger attacked
her with a pair of scissors, which she
captured in the struggle and submitted
in evidence. Mrs. Ballinger retaliated
by declaring that Mrs. Rose brandished
a razor. Mr. 'Rose did not attempt to
deny that he battered Mr. Ballinger,
and silently pointed to Mrs. R.'s dam
aged optic as the provocation for the
battery. Mr. Ballinger did- not testify.
Mrs. O'Brien was absent.
War of the Ballingers and the Roses
All Occur WitMn an Hour
FIVE RATTLING BATTLES
REGALE DECATUR STREET
_jy|j|j]____Mi^^
THE SAN, FRANGISCO. GALU FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1904. ,
16
__5@^4_ MAGMNS RELIABLE WEAR- _^fe,
-^^St for WO^E^a^CliimRrJ^^^^
For Friday and Saturday
~~~- — — — — .^ ~ — -^
tWe illustrate one- of our leaders in "-.;-.
Children's Coats
These coats are substantially made of
broadcloth, and the collar, cape and cuffs
are trimmed with contrasting shades of sou-
tache braid; belled back; sizes I to 8 years.
A very stylish coat for a <£^l £TQ
A large assortment of Misses* and Small
. Women's Skirts, made of tweeds. Lymans-
ville cheviots and fancy basket weaves;
lengths 34, 36, 38 and 39 inches. * Prices
rantrine from $:i.OO, $3.75, $4.5O (
$."».5O_ $7.5O and upward.
J^l Special Sale
y^m °f Girls'
WMl Dresses
/iti f0 Made of all-wool panne cheviot mix-
/Ti'jt^' l^V tures J belted; collar and cuffs neatly braid-
f^^+J^Jlll^wJ ed; sizes 8 to 14 years. (Sec illustra-
Nii^ •¦'-¦>' mmt S^ tion.) Former price, #7.50. &CZ _T__T|
Reduced to \|j»J«UU
IT wL^ n ac^dition. a variety of different styles,
A/^^H?? trimmed with velvet and silk; $0.O0 and
i s^iSiSs i Sale of Chfldren's
s&$¥5^^~' Untrimmed Hats
/P^vl^^MciF / -^ Made of luster brush and
/'/. &:*'$*:*. *"''''*'' '* ,VfriBiyp^ffi scratch felt; broad brim;
V'-'" H V- x r.^V'.-'V lined with silk^ colors —
«N:> *«».. - :: 'r>T^*.. % ..^-;r'' ::i ~ '.¦&'-¦«¦&/ na vy, red, castor, black
vb/^---' '" ::vr:?:: * ,,>#' I """;; : ''^ and Oxford; sizes 4 to
v -v.--?-' 14. Former price. /»_- _^
:2r < Sale price DDO
Silk Beaver Hats, lined with silk. Former price. $3.00.
Reduced to $1.5O.
Endless variety of Trimmed Hats for Misses and chil-
dren; lined with silk; ?2.5O, ?3.OO and upward.
918-922 Market St. No Branch Stores
MR. JUSTICE
FINNEMORE
Judge of the Natal Supreme
Court, Sends the Following
Remarkable Testimonial
TO CUTICURA
The World Is Cuticura's Field,
Used Wherever Civilization
Has Penetrated.
" I desire to give mj Yolnntary testi-
mony to the beneficial effect* of your
Cntlcora Remedies. I hare Buffered
for some time from an excess of uric
acid In the blood ; and since the middle
of last year, from a severe attack of
Eczema, chiefly on the. scalp, face, ears
and neck and on one limb. I was for
sereral months under professional
treatments, but thcremedies prescribed
were of no avail, and I was gradaally
becoming worse, my face n was dread-
fully disfigured and I lost nearly, all ray
hair. At last, my wife prevailed upon
me to try the Cuticnra Remedies • and 1 1
gave them a thorough trial with the
most satisfactory results. The disease
•oon began to disappear < and ¦ my; hair
commenced to' grow again. A fresh
growth of hair Is covering my I head,
and ; my limb (although • not yet quite
cared) is gradually improving. My wife
thinks so highly of your remedies that
she has been purchasing them in order;
to make presents to other persons suf-
fering from similar complaints, v" and,
ag President of the Bible : Women's
Society, has told the Bible women to
report if any case should come under:
their notice when a poor; person - Is ' so
afflicted," so that your remedies 'may be
resortea to." ' - ' •_.
, ROBEBT I8AAC; FINNEMORE; <
(Judge of the Natal Supreme Court}
PletermarltzburgV Natal, -Oct.' ;:29," 1901.
8oM throorhont th« woiid. CoBenrm RwolTeut. SOt.
0» J*r« oT JCWoUia Coaud Fllli. tie. per tUI ofSO)^
pin tmtnt. »e., Bo«j». Kc. Deceit j Losdon, V Cfcmrte£ ¦
homM 8q.i P«rii.«R«ed» 1» Pslxi Bo. ton. 1ST Celsa-
Su At«. Frtttr Drac ft Ch«». Corp- Bet* Praps. ... .,
•a-S«nd for - All Abonl U» IUa sad teals." :.-,
ADVEKTlSEMJ^rrS. . :
I and the Clothes for Them That I
I H^ that Collejge Air ! ! j
j Full of that prettiness, swing and dash that can only be had in high-class 8
w clothes, and can onliy be seen in Raphael's Clothes. a
Jr That suit which we show in the picture on the side should appeal ; to the j
m Manly Boys between the ages of 10 r— — — 1 J
€ and 16 years— buirt on the same plan f^i&wk %
8 as we build our fine grade of Men's ral^li/ %
g clothes, only with Knee Breeches in S^^^ JoiVr^ . §
« those awfully swagger Brownish Mix- - .^^^^^Ss»_: »
9 tures, which are the craze among the $
£ fashionably dressed boys of our towrrr 1
f and which some .stores hold at very _ /=:^^^S^SJ^|^^S8t^^^ «
S fashionable figures — those that have .^gjr I I^£±1* «
« We have added to these Brown :Hf I , . §^^^^SKp^»JF «
1 mixtures, some Very pretty Gun Metal ;•..! K «
J Over-Plaids in Scotch Cheviots: to y -:^ J M^WW^^F^f^m f
1 those we have also added our Govern- '' 1 rM^sl- W-HHSIf* " 8
« ment Tested 'Blue Serge, which is «s^^^BBft^^^^^S^ t
J awfully dressy and swagger; all to \
8 fit chaps between the ages of 10 and vr,, ir ,:n.., '^'nSjHW^BBjJ* S
1 16 years, and which represent values "^JHBf^sPS groWT^ ' 9
1 w^m m I
f \^^^^^^^m Winter Models of the Double-Breasted Two- |
i iM^S^^^^^^ Piece Suits t0 flt chaps between the a S es of I
I '"'I^^^S^fl^^ft^^^ Tne snoulders are broad— the coat has §
I l^^^ft^^^^ that l00Se ' fuI1 back With that Colle 2 e Air ' I
* W^M^^^^^^^^F which is so dear to the heart of young chaps. J
I They like our Co!Ie S e " BuiIt C!ot hes. »
1 f They are so different from the clothes of I
1 other stores - There is nothing ordinary • S
3 K^^S^^^I^^S I looking about our clothes. »
» I This Double-Breasted Suit we show in R
a W^m P'f^si! \ every new late Winter shade. The color- 8
§ WiM %^»* in^s are simply handsome. There are dressy tt
\ Mim * ®Ssf suits for Sunday. There are colors suitable f
S _^S or s 011001 tnat . ni<^ e tne dirt and dust, and fi
? Em/ Sill they are all built to stand the hard knocks 8
* ¥$2$ *H that the ou^°° r ji^e of the boy gives to ft
« mm win clothes. We have placed among-tHese here g
jfr WS W& some values up to $6.00, which will be on J^
« S^ e or s r^ a y anc^ Saturday at
» _^8K**ar Double-Breasted Suit you "see in I_?l y 5 %
i J^^^SSW different from any Norfolk suit yet M^[j^^^§ 1 «
¦' : §'-;-^Bp^^- English Model, which will give $ f
I WS y° ur boy a different air and a pp ear " *i |
'¦¦.*•: : . '-..'jHl • ance than any suit he has ever r^^^C^3 %
1 Full of r^^^^_^.^^^^^^^ w^^^^ W y J -^ Buster's 1
:^n.^vj n5 ,ochtw3 , vTke stbre That Has the . KSdg? w.";i?5 C
1^ ¦ ; • ¦ Things for -Boys &£^£££ g!\
____!lB^ ____1^B^ " ¦' * - '• ' r ' < m ' ¦ ' ¦ - _T__j3i'3K^^_______________^^||^WffllB^^^^MM^^__'S^^_ffJ^H ¦ . ¦ • • -_J • v **
JB ' *B sw * * W^^^^BN^mBnf^mtBOf&vSBl&w03m9Bi^^bi^KM^B&fKG^^^K ¦ < of _t tf/s_i H^^flsWP-f^-Hi^^ tfs*%^isWr^u_t-is^^^^tr^tM^w^^^^^k **^^-^B_l_fc ¦ _IV -
: __^h_^__S aaka _^__V *- _^B K *» 9^'^^9^^^^9w 0 \t9t9J94mX^l^^gtt^A^i^m^A BL SnV.
ADVERT! SOIENTS.
/V% Record
I O9 €5 BreaKing
iUUtJ Values
Our •'^v .»¦<.
Top nOr Tpas
Quality IJUU A Ca3
are regular
80c qualities
I Extra Premiums
I Free
with each purchase
Premiums must be seen
to be appreciated
New Teas
25,30,35,40,50c
Come early
just to look.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
I Money Saving Store.
f 61 Market 213 Sutler 1410 Polk
J«0 Slxtii 1819 Deiisadero 7 <» j-*** 11
475HaJjht 3000 Sixteenth **¦ £' nt °
32S5 Mission SIlMontr'ytve 62 Sark't
2006 FtllmoreSSlO Mission 499 Fourth
SOS Tblrd 273224th* 206 Third ¦ :"