SANlFRANCISCO,V ; TUESDAY;, NOVEMBER" 29, 1904.
PRICE- FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI—NO. 1S2.
ACCUSED YOUTH MMES MOST REMARKABLE STATEMENT
BANK ROBBERY A TRIVIAL
MATTER IN WEBER'S EYES
Capture of the Most Important
of the Port Arthur Forts
Is Imminent.
TOKIO CLAIMS
NOGI'S ATTACK
IS SUCCEEDING
""TOKIO, Nov. 29.— It is reported that the attack
1 against 203-Meter Hill by the Japanese light ar
tillery is succeeding. It is estimated that 90 per cent
of the work of the complete occupation of Port Arthur
will have been finished with this height in the-pos
session of the Japanese. No part of the harbor of
Port Arthur willthen be concealed from the Japanese.
DILIGENT AUBURN OFFICIAL. AND THE. YOUNG MAN WHO AIDED HIM IN
THE . SEARCH FOR THE GOL.D . FOUND UNDER THE . BARN ON THE
. PROPERTY OF THE, LATE -JULIUS WEBER. ; " ' •
HAVANA. Nov. 2 8.— The House to-
day, by a vote of _3 7. to 10.' passed^ the
bill prohibiting religious processions
In the streets.
Religious Processions Are Tabooed:
ODESSA. Nov. 28.— The volunteer
navy service will be completely re
• organized "after the war. The fleet
will be strengthened by the construc
tion of new ships and numerous
liners and! steamships will be bought
for auxiliary naval purposes. The
direct line from Odessa to New York,
projected two years ago. will be
placed In operation, and it is . prob
able there will be another line' from
Libau to the United States, in order
Russia's Great Xaval Plans.
Complains of Spain's Small Navy.
MADRID, Nov. 28.— In the Cham
ber of Deputies to-day, discussing the
proposed naval reforms, former Min
ister of the Interior Moret complained
of their insufficiency, contending that
Spain^ought to have a navy as large as
that of Japan or Italy. Premier Mau
ra, replying, maintained that : the '' sit
uation of the : country forbade the ex
pending of < more" than $15,000,000
yearly on the navy and said . that no
previous government - had done so
much" as that
took several trips in a steam launch,
during one of which Weber remarked
to the boatman that he had plenty of
money of his own.
Coroner Shepard will not djvulre the
present whereabouts of the lard can of
gold due up in the Weber barn. It Is
intimated that the sealed package is in
the Placer County Bank vault, and It ia
also known that Coroner Shepard has
been to Sacramento since trie money
was found. The Grand Jury meets to
morrowivand it is now certain that they
will take up the bank robbery case be
fore they adjourn.
The District Attorney may ask the
Jury to bring in Indictments charging
Weber with the murder of his father,
his sister and his brother. The charge
on which he is now held Is for the mur
der of his mother, Mary F. Web«r. .
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 28.— Herr
Cludestadt, a well known banker, and
other prominent Jews have formed an
organization to assist the Russian
Jews in emigrating to America
through Danish ports. Funds are be
ing collected to facilitate their passage
and to give the emigrants a start in
life on their -arrival at their destina
tion. It is estimated that fully 10,000
of these emigrants left Denmark dur
ing the present year. The traffic is
becoming so large at Scandinavian
ports that the Hamburg-American
Steamship Company Is . arranging a
new service to Copenhagen, Gothen
burg, Christlania and the westei-n
coast of Norway, supplementary to its
regular service to America.
ST. PETERSBURG,- Nov. 28.— The
announcement was made to-day that
the zone In which Jews can buy, real
estate Trill be extended. Eighty po
litical exiles at Archangel have al
ready been brought back 1 by Interior
Minister , Sviatopolk-Mlrsky. About
5S0 still remain there.
Organization Formed to Assist Them
to Reach America Through
Danish Ports.
JEWS COMING IN VAST
NUMBERS FROM RUSSIA
BERLIN. Nov. 28. — A dispatch to
the Lokal Anzeiger from Mukden, un
der yesterday's date, says: *
"It is believed about headquarters
that the Japanese will make extraor
dinary efforts to win a land victory
befor<#the arrival of the Russian sec
ond Pacific squadron.
"Severe measures have been taken
against marauders. Twelve Cossacks
of one regiment were sentenced to
death. One was shot in front of the
brigade, while the sentences of the re
maining eleven were commuted to
penal servitude. Discipline generally
is good. Patriarchal relations exist
between the officers and men and the
former are doing everything possible
for the latter."
Hope to Defeat Knropatkin Before
Arrival of Baltic Fleet.
JAPANESE SOON TO STRIKE.
EUROPEAN DRESS ADOPTED
FOR CHINESE SOLDIERS
3Iovement to Cut Off Queues of the
v Troops Also Being Put Into
l^Ci^l' Effect.
MUKDEN. Nov. 28. — The Viceroy
of the Chinese province of Honan is
the first to carry out the instructions
of the Dowager Empress of China in
clothing his soldiers in European
dress and cutting off their queues.
SEOUL, Nov. 28. — Japanese prepa
rations against possible contingencies
and the determination of Japan to
prevent the Russians obtaining a
foothold on Korean sofl are evidenced
by a report from the Governor of
Quelpart, an Island off the southwest
ern coast of Korea, asking for instruc
tions and stating that a steamship
load of Japanese workmen, with tools
and machinery, were landed and im
mediately began the construction of
fortifications.
The Korean Foreign Office an
nounces that Quelpart is closed to
alien residence, according to treaty
stipulations, and therefore it re
quests the Japanese Government to
withdraw its people.
Special C»bl« to The CW1 and New Tork
HcrsJfl. Copyright, 1904, ty tfce N>w York
Her&M Publishing Company.
Korea Protests Against the Occupa
tion of Quclpart.
JAPAN SEIZES AX ISLAND.
| To: these ; same people his statement.
"I did - : it to see 'how far I- could eo,"
also ' supplies ' a: motive, for' It 'is lfnown
that -young Weber } has -prided . himself
upon his ability to trace, the movements
of -people,"- he having on , more than one
occasion [ wagered ' ; that he could dis
cover - the v perpetrators ~: of - practical
Jokes*' played 'Upon his friends/; Might
he! not ,"also,^ It* is figured; ; have"* a pride
in seeing how far -he could go In crime
that he , murdered : his father, . mother,
8!ster and brother, , and -under the
further charge , .that, in May last-; he
robbed; the -.Placer: County- Bank-vof a'
large - sum of. money. .The barik rob-'
bery is indeed a trivial matter to this
¦ twenty Ty«ar-bld.'? youth. The* charge
that he murdered his parents, -*is sister,
and ¦ imbecile" brother ¦ naturally " is ; . of
mbre% importance.; " Both charges . are
¦trlviar to .Weber, -judging by^ his con
duct since his arrest. He has been as
cool as an. iceberg, at all times, even
when the pistol which he was supposed
to have used in his - awful crime was
suddenly placed before him; cool even
x w hen, he '.was told .the money he was
supposed to have stolen from, the '.bank
was foundon the property of his father,
near where the bloody pistol that dealt
death to Julius, Mary, Bertha and Earl
Weber was found. : , r " «
- Sheriff ¦ Keena- was ; therefore not
greatly- surprised when he en
tered the youth's cell and learned from
him that he, considered the bank rob
bery a "trivial matter-" But : young
Weber will -learn ; that -it-is not such a
trivial matter, for his carelessly, uttered
vords have | given the . Sheriff : a new
theory to w6rk upon.
.-"I "did It to see how far I could go."
These . are the words that . may j mean
much in the prosecution .of Weber.'
They- bear.out' the suspicion held by
( many ;• since j the, arrest of Weber and
the disclosure of his;manyqueer"ideas
that, a desire to: "see how far he coujd
go"^prompted ¦* young _. Weber to 'com
mit the" crimes', he stands : accused of.
His ; love_ for, goldiis swell" known, and
this love,' by ''. many,; is looked upon as
a* motive, for thei crime. f
WORDS SUPPLY. THEORY.
i AUBURN, Nov. 28.— "I know, nothing
abqut^'this bank robbery. It is U>e-in^
significant to about. If I did rob
the bank I did it just to see how far
I could go.: By this I do not- mean to
say that I committed the- robbery."
.These are the words of young Adolph
Weber, who rests under the charge
Weber has, a habit of answering a
question, by /asking another. 'To-day
Under Sheriff May asked him if he ever
owned a pistol. Weber replied "No."
' ."Did:. vou ./ever see this one?" asked
May, .exhibiting the weapon the bank
robber left behind.
; "I never did," was the reply.
"How. much did you pay for It, any
way, Adolph?" said May.
"How much; did you pay. for it,
Billy?" was the quick retort. .
Young Weber . called for paper and
candles as Jailer, Fulton w-is" closing up
to-night. ' He writes a good many let
ters and . is receiving .many. ¦.missives'
.from women, yesterday . lie ; received a
bouquet |and • a .letter i from a ; Miss May
Weber of Ashland, ; Or.- Miss Weber
wrote that there must be some relation
ship between ¦ them. ..Weber : answered
the v note,\ thinking, her, for the flowers
and asking. her to send him the date~oZ
her birth, so that he could read her life.
The money. found on the Weber place
has ; been counted . and It. has been ascer
tained that it Is a few hundred dollars
short of ¦ the amount claimed ; to: have
been; stolen, c 56365. . .The shortage was
expected, as it* is . known "that Weber
has been • spending a little, money • now
and then and that when he was in San
Francisco last June he indulged in sev
eral . luxuries. \. For Instance, It is known
that he and young Fowler of Oakland
WEBER MAKES RETORT.
"This is not bothering me, however."
said -Weber. "It's the other case that
I, am thinking about."^•.7/.'
This idea will be worked on by Sher
iff Keena and'.his assistants. They are
already convinced of Weber's guilt, but
they are still working, to proVide a
motive. Everything advanced will be
well threshed out before it is dropped.
The finding of .the money stolen
the : Placer County Bank was the all
absorbing topic in the Weber" caqe to
day.' :.*• Groups - of" men were "on 'every
street corner, this, mornlng^and *Geer,
Depende'ner. and Monaghan,", who dis
covered the coin, were the cehter^bf atr
traction. ; Crowds them
ever, they 'went. . , . • .
* District Attorney Robinson h* ex-;
pected home "to-night from San Fran
cisco; where he : has been in •consulta
tion with the experts who examined
the ' blood-stained trousers. Sheriff
Keena had . several Interviews \ with
Weber, who practically admitted that
he. robbed the bank. !.-¦"-
before others,- who, according to his
views, are -less acute than himself,
could detect; him?
ST. PETERSBURG, &ov. 28.— Russia
has accepted the invitation of the
j United States to conclude an arbitra
tion treaty on the lines of the Amer
ican-French treaty.
The American proposal was sub
mitted to Russia in the form of a note
from Secretary Hay, which was pre
sented personally to Foreign Secretary
Lamsddrff by Charge d'Affaires Eddy
on November 21.' This afternoon Count
Lamsdorff replied, accepting in prin
ciple in behalf of the Imperial Govern
ment the text of the treaty, but indi
xating that Russia would propose some
slight modifications. These are ex
pected to be drafted in a few days and
the final consummation of the new
rapprochement with Russia will not
long be delayed.
Although it was known that the
American Government was desirous of
negotiating arbitration treaties with all
the principal powers, the fact that Rus
sia had already been approached with
a direct proposition did not leak out
until Count Lamsdorff had accepted it.
The rapprochement is expected to have
a splendid effect on Russian-American
relations, especially as It marks Rus
sia'B first adherence to an arbitration
treaty with a foreign power.
Words of , Prisoner Furnish
;: -Sheriff Ne^ Theory. ;
The neighbors entered and found the
body of Mrs. Keeler lying on a; bed, her
skull crushed, her face lacerated and on
the floor a ; large iron_bolt with which
she had been murdered.-. ; • ;'
". A police ' captain says the police are
close on the trail of the murderer. He
says the assassin was 19. years old,"
broad shouldered and clean shaven, and
had been annoying Mrs. Keelef ¦ for
some time. There was no probability
that robbery had been the motive . for
the crime..;
About the. same time Coroner. Golden
krantz arrived, i and after investigating
the case he said the murder ' was com
mitted " for 'the of . robberv and
that ' $200 : in i.eash • and ' 51200 worth '; of
jewelry had been ; taken.;.
Father. Comes to Putney's Aid.
KANSAS V -CITY, Mo., .Nov. t 28.—
Stephen Putney 'Jr. ; left ¦ for St. „ Louis
to-day » and~wlll return' to" ? Jefferson
Barracks 'and remain there' until his
father 'can, arrange V for tys^discharge
from; the 'arniy.'V; He had recovered all
the Jewelry^pawried--here~ save one
ring.'* ItVwas '• denied that. young ¦ Put
ney, had left; St/ Louis with i ah i actress.'
His father is a wealthy ' manufacturer
of ', Richmond, Va.
When the.. little ones returned from
school for their, luncheon at noon they
found the doors of . the apartment
locked and were unable to get any.re
sponse to repeated ; knockings. Mrs.
Peter Mundy, living; on^one'df the lower
floors, took in i the '¦' children,', believing
their mother was '".out* shopping, Y 1 - and
after feedlnog them sent them"' back to
school. , V . .': •'-.; ; .. '.; ,¦'•. ¦• /.• '
At 3 o'clock when they came home
again -the ' doors were still locked . and
the house .was silent. ' The" neighbors
were attracted by the strange condi
tions, and little Jimmie was sent up ¦ to
the apartments by the fire-escape. No
sooner had he entered the kitchen than
his screams struck terror to his little
sister and to all the neighbors waiting
in the hallwa'v. ."'¦'.
"Mamma's jj killed ! Somebody j has
killed mamma! Come quick," he
shrieked, and he then unlocked the door
and ran into the, hallway, his face livid
with fright. '.; ; : ¦¦:¦'•" - ;
The family consisted of Mrs. Keeler,
her husband," her son and a little girl,
Marie, 9 years': old. Keeler is -a clerk
In the Simpson-Chawford Company's
store,, and .went to his work about "l
o'clock in, the morning. , .
NEW YORK, Nov. 28.— Mrs. Margaret
Keeler, 36 years . old, was murdered in
her apartments at 82 East One Hundred
and Fourteenth street to-day. -Her.15
year-old son ¦ was the first j to discover
the body, lying where the assassin had
left it.. , ;
SAN JOSE, Nov. 28. — Dr. James R.
Curnow, one of the most prominent
physicians In this city and formerly
president of the board of managers of
the Agnews Insane Asylum, has be
come hopelessly insane. Saturday
morning he was taken to Dr. Robin
son's private asylum at Livermore. He
is suffering from paresis, brought on
by nervous depression. No hope i3
held out for his recovery. For some
.time Dr. Curnow has not been him
self and recently his friends and fam
ily found it necessary to have him re
strained of his liberty. At times he i3
wild and incoherent and Is considered
dangerous to be at f large. Frequently
he made threats "against some of his
friends.
For four years Dr. Curnow was a
member of the Agnews Insane Asylum
board.- He Is also well known among
the medical practitioners of the State.
While connected with the asylum ha
began a study of the insane and he
has since continued researches along
that line. This, wtlh other studies, ia
believed to have broken his health and
impaired his mind. His practice was
one of "the largest In this county.
" Dr. Curnow is about 50 years of
age. He studied medicine in Europe
for l several years. His family con
sists of a wife and three children. For
about sixteen years he practiced medi
cine in this city.
United States and Russia
. Will at Once Conclude
an Arbitration Treaty
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eoeclal Dispatch to The CalL
CZAR ACCEPTS
HAY'S PROPOSAL
Are First to Learn
Awful Pate oL
Mother. §1
Doctor's MM Weak
ened by Study of
Lunacy.
War News Continued on Page 2.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28. — Count
Cassini. the Russian Embassador, and
Sir Mortimer Durand, the British
Embassador. called separately at the
State Department to-day to present on
behalf of their respective Governments
en invitation for the United States to
appoint a high ranking naval officer
as a member of the court of inquiry
which will investigate the facts in the
Dogger Bank incident.
It Is reported that Admiral Dewey
has been tendered, and has declined,
the appointment as American repre
sentative on the commission.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 28. 7:05
a. m. — The press is only this morning
at liberty to comment on the Anglo-
Russian convention, which is officially
published in the Messenger. The
document Is well received and the
papers find In it nothing on which to
take exception. It is declared to give
promise of a full and complete in
quiry, which is what Russia most de
plres and from which there is nothing
to fear.
Commission.
Unwilling to Serve on the North Sea
CHILDREN
DISCOVER
A MURDER
ASYLUM
PHYSICIAN
IS INSANE
DEWEY DECLINES HONOR.
Xot Ready to Rebuke Great Britain.
TOKIO, Nov. 29. — Opinion ' as to
the action of the British In supplying
coal to vessels of the Russian fleet ha«
not been formed, because the facts
and details are not yet known. No
comment has yet been made by the
prera.' It is understood that the
question has not yet been raised dip
lomatically. The formal ..opening -of
the Diet will take place to-morrow.
Innumerable attempts, news of which
has been withheld by the railway au
thorities, have been made to wreck dif
ferent trains, but the watchout has
been so sharp that many of these have
been frustrated. For weeks when the
disasters have been at their highest
every bridge on the western line was
watched, the railway companies fearing
that they would be "blown up. Bank
hold-ups have been extraordinarily nu
merous during the past two months,
and these are all attributed to the men
who tried by threats to blackmail two
great Canadian railroads.
The first of these took place on Sep
tember 1, when the train conveying
Lord Minto, the late Governor General
of Canada, and party, was wrecked.
Five persons were killed outright and
many others were 'injured.
On September ,ll_the. Canadian Pa
cific transcontinental train was held up
by armed men at Mission Junction, B.
C, and booty to the extent of several
thousands of dollar's was taken. This
was the first train hold-up In the his
tory «f the Canadian railroads.
Greater efforts than before were made
to run down the gang, but although
these have been continued ever since
nothing has been effected, and wrecks
and hold-ups of an endless number,
some involving loss of life, but others
not so serious, have been committed
under th'e very noses of the detectives.
FIVE KILLED IX WRECK.
Another conference between-the offi
cials of both railways resulted, and it
was again decided to Ignore the men's
requests, and make an even more
searching Investigation into the mat
ter. In the latter part of August a third
letter was received.
"We have written you orice before on
this matter, but it seems that you are
ignoring, us. It seems that you are not
aware of the fact that you are dealing
with men who know their business, and
as we take you to be a business man
you will readily see our supremacy in
this matter, and unless you agree to
our terms trains will be interfered
with."
On receipt of the letters the executive
agents of the two railways held a joint
meeting. After a short discussion it
was decided not to take any notice of
the demand. However, extra • precau
tions were taken and special- service
men were sent out with each train and
a vigilant eye was kept on the tracks
On August 17 both railway officials
again received similar communications.
They read as follows:
EXTRA PRECAUTIONS TAKEN.
"We are in need of $100,000 and have
decided , to hold ufc,< thelC;" P,* and "' C." N.
to the tune of $50,000 each. • If. you de
cide, to. treat with us. you -will place'on
your 'south' train white markers instead
of. green." "
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Nov. 28.—
Foiled in an attempt to secure 5100,000
by blackmailing the Canadian Pacific
and Canadian Northern railways, an
organized gang of desperadoes is now
fulfilling threats to blow up the various
lines at different points throughout the
Canadian Northwest. The police au
thorities also attribute several hold-ups
and similar outrages which have been
committed during the past two months
to these men. So successful have they
been and so completely have they hid
den all trace of their identity that travl
eling by rail has now become danger
ous, and the country is in a state of
terror as to what desperate detNi will
next be attempted.
On August 4 G. J. Bury, general su
perintendent of the Canadian Pacific
Railway, and E. A. James, general
manager of the Canadian Northern
Railway here, both received the follow
ing letter. The words were printed In
ink and the postmark was Winnipeg.: It
was unsigned:
MOSCOW, Nov. 28. — People arriv
ing from the Far East tell a remark
able story of the mysterious disap
pearance from the trunk line of 350
carloads of stores and warm clothing
belonging to private consignees and
officers.
Russian Supplies 'GoyAstray.
PRAWLE POINT, Nov. 28. — Three
vessels, each with three funnels and
presumably Russian first class auxili
ary steamships or third class cruisers,
passed westward to-day.
CAPE TOWN, Cape Colony, Nov. 28.
A dispatch to the Argus says that Ad
miral Rojestvensky's division of the
Russian second Pacific squadron is
coaling off Swakopmund, German
Southwest Africa.
Rojestvensky's Division Is Now Off
"German Southwest Africa.
BALTIC SHIPS COALING.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'"A telegram received here to-day
(Monday) from Chefu states that all
attacks made on Port Arthur up to
Sunday, night were repulsed and that
the Japanese sustained heavy losses."
This statement is corrobrated by
other correspondents.
Reports from Shanghai state that the
storming of the Russian stronghold
continues. According to the Daily Tele
graph's dispatch from Chefu, very few
of Admiral Togo's ships are now seen
blocking Port Arthur.
TOKIO. Nov. 28.— After twenty-four
hours' desperate fighting the Japanese,
at 2 o'clock yesterday morning, suc
ceeded in eealine the escarpments of
three forts at Port Arthur. The Rus
eian defenders held the double para
pets until they were overwhelmed. As
fa!?t as the parapets were occupied the
Japanese brought up field and moun
tain suns and poured a firece fire on
the inner defences, their sappers mean
while constructing positions for the
heavy guns.
LONDON. Nov. 28.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Daily Ex
prpps wires:
to obtain Russian emigrant traffic and
build up a direct trade with America.
Failure of the Lines to Comply Is
Followed by Scries of Disasters
and Holdups.
Bandits Demand a Hunflrefl
Thousand Dollars From
Two Railways.
Desperado© at Wort
in the Canadian
¦ i ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ *
iNOIlIlWubu
DENIED COIN,
THEY WRECK
THE TRAINS
TKE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Th« Christian."
CALIFORNIA— "Flnnl«»a*» Ban."
CENTRAL^- "The Little Church Around
the Corner."
COLUMBIA— "Hir'Own "Way."
CHUTES— Vandevllle.
FISCHER 1 S— Vaudeville
GRAND— "The ShowOlrL" ->> '¦ 1
MAJESTIC— "In Mluoura." — «^ .
ORPHEUM- VaudevlU*.
.TIVOU— VKln« Dodo." . . ... • ' f \
THE WEATHER. -.§M
•¦-'¦-;"¦•• ' ' f\ '--'
A - --•" * •' fc ¦
Forecast mad* at San FY*nclMX» for
thirty hcrara end tor micSaight, Novem
ber »:
Ban Fraacitqo and ricin'tr — Fair
Tuesday; llrht north wini.
A. G. MeADDVl./-
Dist rlct Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.EPPINGER TRIAL. IS '¦ SET.— The cases of
Jacob and Herman - Epplnger. ,':. charged ¦ with
obtaining '.money .by ¦ false pretenses, 'were : call
ed in : Judge La whir's court yesterday to be set
for.- trial. < -.They were definitely continued' till
January 9. when: Jacob's- trial will .begtn.-'" ¦
SAN JOSE, NoV. 28.— The man who
was cut , in ' two ' by a train ; near this
city, yesterday was r James Young, a
basket-maker. . His. parents reside In
Georgia and are wealthy. 1 ' .
Basket-Maker Killed.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 28.— Dr. P. J.
Sargent of Stockton, reported to be a
millionaire, who was arrested last Sun
day evening for . furiously .driving his
auto- through" K street, appeared in the
Police Court this morning, pleaded
guilty and , was fined $20, which he
paid, and departed in his auto for his
home in Stockton. • -" .
Pays Fine for Speeding Auto.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 28. — Dr. A.
D. Hough ton. Councilman from the
Sixth Ward of Los Angeles, was as
saulted and • seriously hurt by M. W.
Conkling, an attorney and Democratic
politician, on the street here this
morning. Dr. Houghton was taken to
the Emergency Hospital.
The fight, which grew out of.politi
cal differences, commenced in the
Mayor's 'office in the City -.Hall this
morning- and after the participants
had been separated there was renewed
later on. the street. Conkring pro
ceeded to the police station after the
fight and gave himself up.
Hurt in Row With Political
Opponent.
Councilman of Los Angeles Badly
POLITICIAN SENDS CITY
FATHER TO A HOSPITAL
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 28— One man was
killed outright and fourteen; passen*
gers were Injured, some of them, se
riously, in ;a Belfontaine trolley- car
that jumped the track/and overturned
to-day. • Charles J. ¦'" "Warner ; was
thrown off the platform and struck
head foremost on a pilejof street car
rails. He lived but a few moments/.
The accident • occurred at a 'curve.
, while the street car was running at
full speed. Leaving the track, .« the
ca\ dashed across; the street,, hitting
the curb and overturning and. strew
ing the street with injured. The car
was crowded with men, • women and
children on their way, to work. . v; ; :^
Trolley Jumps the Track at a Curve,
Overturning as It Crosses the
Street.
ONE KILLED AND FOURTEEN
INJURED IN CAR ACCIDENT
OSTRICH FEATHERS RETURNED.— \«
*!M.sni S*-cr»:tary Armetrons of the Treasure
Department ha* instructed Collector Strattor.
to collect fO from tyre. Frances de Souxe and
iturrTid-rr to her two ostrirh feathers which
*he ha<l *ttemrte<l to smuggle.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 28.— M. Mor
gan, a -well-known merchant, left for
San Francisco this afternoon to visit
the agency of one of the large lotteries
and make claim to a $15,000 prize. It is
believed . he will have difficulty in es
tablishing his- claim, owing to the fact
that he has no ticket.
Morgan was^looking over what he
supposed was the current drawing' the
other night and, finding his ticket had
won nothing,, threw it in the waste
basket, and it was afterward burned
in a furnace. To-day he found the
proper drawing and f discovered that his
ticket, the number of which he re
tained, had ,'won $15,000.
Sacramento Man Finds His Haste in
Reading: Figures Chen ted Him
Out of Fortune.
THROWS AWAY TICKET THAT
WON A CAPITAL PRIZE
The company will apply immediate
ly to the Dominion Government for a
substantial subsidy to aid it in this
undertaking. Wharves to cost another
$100,000 are. to be erected imme
diately.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 28.— The
Canadian Pacific Railway Company
has just acquired by purchase Laurel
Point, Victoria Harbor, a rocky pro
montory, the existence ot which has
restricted shipping in this harbor, and
will blast it out at a cost, it is said,
of $100,000, thus greatly enlarging
and improving the harbor on the site
the company has chosen for its
wharves.
Corporation Will Destroy Point of
Land That Bos Long Im
periled Navigation.
CANADIAN RAILROAD FLANS
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBOR
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 2S.— The following
San Franciscans are among the recent
visitors to the fair: J. C. Lindsay, O.
S. Nells, B. Varton, S. Caro. P. J.
Kuey, Mrs. J. Thompson. O. Me-
Dewitt, Mrs. M. .Jaques and family,
Mrs. R. E. Snow, J. C. Schieck and
wife".
Ran Franciscans at the Fair.
Hays has been held to answer under
bonds of $48,000 before the Federal
court for the embezzlement , of
$100,000 from the Orange Growers'
Bank of Riverside, which was wrecked
on account of Hays' alleged defalca
tion.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 28. — J. Ross
Clark and T. E. Gibbon, first and sec
ond vice president respectively o£ the
Los Angeles, San Pedro and Salt Lake,
Railroad, to-day preferred charges
before the Grand Jury against H. T.
Hays. They allege that Hays, while
acting as the confidential agent of the
company in securing rights of way
through the city of Riverside, embez
zled $12,000 from the company. The
railroad company, they claim, was
made to pay -much more for certain
properties than Hays paid, it is al
leged. • » Mv-- '^¦¦^
Southern Bank Official Accused of
. Embezzlement Said to Hnve
Victimized Corporation^ ,
RAILROAD ME.V PREFER
CHARGES AGAINST HAYS
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 28. — John
Fillmore, who was cleared in the Su
perior Court last Saturday of the
charge of horse-stealing, had no
eooner regained his liberty, than he
and his brother were arrested for
counterfeiting. The two men drove to
Guadalupe Sunday, where a constable
and a deputy took them in charge and
searched them, finding in their pos
session a complete outfit for making
counterfeit quarter dollars. The
prisoners had been playing the bogus
quarters in the slot machines at Guad
alupe.
As soon as an order can be obtained
Deputy United States Marshal Frank
Cook of this city will bring the men
here to await a hearing before the
United States court at Los Angeles.
Official, Arrests Two Brothers, Re
cently Acquitted on a Charge
of Horse-Stealing. -
counterfeiters; outfit
js found by constable
L.OVE OF WHISKY DRIVES
HUSBAXD TO SUICIDE
VANCOUVER. B. C. Nov. 23.—
William Mortimer committed suicide
by cutting his throat from ear to ear
with a razor to-day. He leaves a
widow and eight small children. Re
cently Mortimer was arrested on
complaint of his wife for refusing to
provide for his family. He was forced
to turn all his money over to his wife
and thereupon complained that as he
had no money left to buy whisky he
would soon commit suicide. To-day
he carried out His threat.
The Southeastern lines started the
quarrel several years ago by demand
ing a larger amount of the freight re
ceipts than the transcontinental, lines
believed they were entitled to. During
the last two vears three meetings have
been called in the hope that the diffi
culties might be overcome and an
agreement reached which would be
satisfacory to all persons concerned.
The last meeting was held in Chi
cago September 23, but the representa
tives of the different roads failed to
agree. The breaking off of connections
comes as a result.
"The. transcontinental lines have ben
drawn into this against their wishes,"
said an official of one of the big sys
tems last night, "arid they regret the
action that has been taken as much
a«5 will the shippers. I think that they
would be willing to arbitrate the ques
tion, but it does not seem possible. How
long this is to last I do not know."
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 28.— After
seeking for the past three years to
come to some understanding with
Southeastern lines in regard to an ad
justment of freight rates the Trans
continental Freisht Bureau lines have
determined upon a final move, and to
day will notify shippers throughout
California that beginning with Decem
ber 15 they will cancel all rates now in
effect in connection \vith Southeastern
roads for traffic to, from or passing
through Pacific Coast - terminals, and
to, from or passing through points east
of the Mississippi. The exceptions to
this ruling are the lines of the Illinois
Central, the Mobile and Ohio and the
Kansas City, Memphis and Birming
ham railroads. v '"• ->
The States in the East affected by
this ruling" are: Kentucky, Tennessee,
Virginia, West Virginia and Missis
sippi.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 28.— Secretary
of State Curry to-night rendered to
Governor Pardoe the official count on
the vote for Presidential electors on
the Republican, Democratic, Socialist
and Prohibition tickets. It was hoped
to have the count for all the offices
completed by to-night, but the tardi-
Xitss of several counties in making re
turns delayed the count. Several of
these counties are yet to be officially
counted, and it will be some days be
fore the vote for all the offices is an
nounced.
The official count for electors showed
that tho highest number of votes re
ceived for a Republican elector (Wood)
v^f L'05.226; the highest for a-Demo
cratic elector (Maguire), S9.404; the
highrst foi.a Socialist. 29.535. and the
highest for a Prohibitionist, 7380. The
Republican majority is shown to be
TKS?1 votes and the Republican plu
rality 115,822. The total vote cast in
the State was 331.871. Following is the
official vote for Republican electors:
William S. Wood, 2uj,22<5; l.'lysfes S. Grant
Jr.. aM.830; Edward Sweeney. 2<>4,r>78; Charles
M. Hammond, Francis M.
9Dt,C9; William J. Dingey. 203.128; GeorR^
H. Pippy. »M,157: Morris U. Harris. a<t4,25«;
<"har1es J. Walker. »M "JKt; Richard Melrose,
2O3.77$>.
For electors on the Democratic ticket — John
Garber. «>.2y4; Edward White, 83.^4: J. Bom
«."lark. OtJSZt: Thomas nair. fcS.l.'i*; James O.
Majuir*. 83.4<>4; A. F. Jones. 8H.1IS; Frank
J. . Sullivan, K3.^S5; l^v«ene Germain. fcK 9xy-
M\ M. 5. Decde *«fc,MS; J. \v. BarneberK
*jH.K7O.
For elector? on the Socialist ticket— Jcsej,n
tMmsm<x.-.z^BSi: ». c tuck-. 2y.-»ij : l. e.
Leonard. 2D.:5K»; J. C. Hurst, 29,424; Thomai
Itcoth, a«.3M; Oswald Seifert, 2t>.."J7o: Carl
BrnchPr. 21*. ."!<'<; ; G. P. Brower, :2».:i23; XV. A
C*>rt;\ XJ.S12: <i. \V. Woodbey, 29,174.
For Prohibition elector? — Charles T. Clark
T3»>; Charles J. Hall. 7.T",3: William O cjarl;
73«3; Joel G. Wright. 7.T»r.; Albert H. Soiuh
»-irk. 73-14; Adam C. nane. 73fi:»: John A H
Wilson. 7347; Joel If. Smith, 7329; Joseph E
McComa-, 7347; William T. Eddy, 7333.
There are 226 scattering votes.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Eailroads Prepared to Make
Final Move in Fight Com
menced Seyeral Years Ago
FREIGHT RATES
TO BE CHANGED
Evidence describing the manner of
apprehension and arrest of Puter and
Mrs. Watson by the United States
secret service was Introduced and court
adjourned until to-morrow.
PORTLAND, Nov. 28.— William A.
Richards, Commissioner of the General
Land Office, arrived here to-day to tes
tjfy In the land frauds case of the Gov
ernment against S. A. D. Puter, Horace
G- MeKinley.and others. Richards de
clined to be interviewed; upon the pur
pose' of his visit here. 'It is expected
he will .go on the witness stand to
morrow. '-'•-
Miss Ella Wyman, the proprietor of
a small hotel on Dearborn avenue in
Chicago, testified; that Puter and Mrs.
W&tson came to her hotel' March" 30
and asked for rooms. "I asked them
for references," continued the "witness,
"and they said they had Just reached
the city and could not give any. They
gave their names as Mr. and MrsJ Pot
ter and he said he was in the mining
business."
J. H. Booth of Roseburg, Receiver of
the Roseburg Land Office, was next
called. He identified papers submitted
by the prosecution as an application
of George A. Howe for selection of lieu
land from base in township 11 south of
range 7. These papers were also iden
tified by Speciallnspector A. R. Green
and H. J. Coleman and George R.
Ogden, land office clerks.
The court admitted the evidence. The
prosecution then introduced a deed
from George A. Howe to Horace G.
McKinley, which was witnessed -*by
Dan W. Tarpley and transferred a part
of the land acquired under the preced
ing transaction.
Upon the objection of the defense
Hall stated that he wished to show by
the introduction of "the deeds from the
seven homesteaders whose patents had
just been offered in evidence that the
claims had all been transferred to
Howe, who was a fictitious person.
"By this testimony," said Hall, "I
will show these conspirators under an
other name."
A. S. Dresser, Register of the Oregon
City land office, produced the original
patents issued in the cases of Mattie
S. Lowell, William McLaughlin, A. O.
Austin, -JT. R. Foster, James Wakefleld,
Christie E. Langham and James A.
Taylor and a certified copy of a deed
to George A. Howe from William Mc-
Laughlin.
Then came the reading of the report
in regard to Frank Wolgamot, detail
ing how he had erected a house of
8xl'O feet, with a woodshed; how he
cleared five acres of land and beauti
fied the premises with a small garden.
The evidence then reverted to the let
ter written by United States Senator
Mitchell and accompanying some affi
davits of Puter and Mrs. Watson to
the General Land Office. Ogden identi
fied these. Cross-examination develop
ed no new features and the witness was
dismissed.
When court opened to-day the Gov
ernment recalled George R. Ogden, a
clerk in the General Land Office, who
identified the report submitted by C. E.
Loomis, with reference to the home-
EU-ad of Thomas Wilkin.
PORTLAND, Nov. 28.— To-day devel
oped a surprise in the trial of the" land
fraud ca?es. There was brought* into
the cage the name -of George A. Howe,
to whom was deeded seven of the" al
leged bogus homestead titles. Further
documentary evidence brought to light
that Howe had in turn deeded to Hor
ace G. McKinley a tract of land in
section 15 south, range 1 east. District
Attorney Hall announced to the court
that the Government would prove that
Howe is in reality one of the conspira
tors under another name.
Government Adopts a New
Line in the Prosecution
of the Lind Fraud Cases
Secretary of .State Curry
3Iakos Report Showing
Ballots Cast for Electors
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 28. — About
midnight last night, while on his way
home, Fred Geiser, a barber, was held
up by two masked men and robbed of
all his money. Geiser was crossing
the street at Twenty-third and K
streets when a man suddenly stepped
out from behind a tree and, covering
him with a revolver, ordered him to
hold up his hands. At the same time
another man came up behind him
and pressed the muzzle of a pistol
against his neck.
This is the second hold-up within
a year that has occurred at the same
spot. At Twenty-third and K streets
there are no lights and the large
trees in the vicinity make the spot a
particularly dangerous one at night.
Bakersfield Barber Is Held Up by
Bold Highwaymen and Relieved
of His Money.
Addresses were made by a ntimber
of labor leaders who had been in at
tendance upon the labor convention at
San Francisco, among them being
James Wignall, organizer of the Dock
Workers of London; T. M. Guerin, first
vice president of the Carpenters and
Joiners of New York: William Abra
ham, president of the Miners' Federa
tion of Wales: Frank Duffy, general
secretary of- the United Brotherhood
of Carpenters and Joiners of-Indianap
olis; W. H. Sherman of the Interna
tional Electrical Workers of Washing
ton, D. C.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the
State Building Trades Council, pre
sided over the meeting and made a
short address, in which he declared the
"open shop" had not been able to get a
foothold in California.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 28.— One of the
largest and most enthusiastic meetings
in this pity in many years was held
In the assembly chamber of the Capi
tol to-night under the auspices of; the
Central Labor bodies. Considerable dis
appointment was, expressed "a^jthe fail
ure of John Mitqhell, p'residenV. of the
Western Inline Workers," and ' . Samuel
Gompers, -president of the American
Federation of Labor, to be present.
They were unavoidably detained at
Sari Francisco. ' . ,
Prominent Delegates to Federation
Deliver Addresses, and P. II.
McCarthy Presides.
DEFENSE GIVEN
BIG SURPRISE
OFFICIAL VOTE .
OF THE STATE
LABOR UNIONS HOLD MASS
MEETING IN SACRAMENTO
DARK SPOT GIVES THTGS
A CHANGE TO OPERATE
"The belief is general that Port Ar
thur will be able to hold out until re
lieved, no matter how long relief may
be delayed. Much is expected from the
second Pacific squadron.
"General Kuropatkin is not talkative.
The only reference he made to the war
in conversation with me was, 'It is pro
gressing as' I wish.' The general still
lives in a railway car, and the light In
his office is burning night and day. It
Is commonly stated that he never
sleeps, and his officers are not surprised
when they are called into conference at
any hour of the night.
"The general's only relaxation is at
dinner time, when he always. has sev
eral officers as guests— sometimes a
score of them. "Wine Is plentiful, but
General Kuropatkin drinks only min
eral water. Every officer seems to have
unlimited money, the Government be
ing lavish in this respect.
"My opinion is that Kuropatkin will
never retreat to Mukden unless defeat
ed decisively, and I think that the next
battle will end in a Russian victory."
"The Russians are imDroving in the
handling of their artillery, while*- the
Japanese artillery seems to be less ef
fective. Originally the Russians, did riot
conceal their artillery, which the Japa
nese quickly disabled. Now they handle
and conceal their guns in a» scientific
manner.
CHEFU, Nov. 28.— General. Kuropat-.
kin Is the possessor of a new twenty
horsepower automobile, with"' which he
is able to rush at high speed from one
part to another of a line twenty- five
miles long, according to ¦ a Frenchman
{ interested in the manufacture and sale
of automobiles who has just reached
Chefu from Mukden. This gentleman
spent three weeks with General Kuro
patkin, who wished to procure twenty
automobiles specially constructed to
carry ammunition speedily in emergen
cies. These will be used only In winter,
Avhen the Manchurian roads are gener
ally in excellent condition. On his first
trip in the automobile General Kuro
patkin's only comment was: '_
"I have an advantage over General
Shatter."
The Chinese now regard the Russian
commander in his machine- with super
stitious awe, believing the automobile
to be an atrociously powerful specimen
of the "foreign devil." The French in
formant continued:
"The two armies lie facing each oth
er, each having three fortified lines.
The soldiers of both armies live mostly
in caves behind- the trenches, which
when covered with snow present the
appearance of a great host of polar
bears waiting to spring at each other.
These caves are warm, even ' when
without fires. The Russian soldiers are
in the best of spirits and have unlim
ited confidence in their leaders' They
expect t*hat General Kuropatkin will at
tack during the winter. The Russian
force now numbers 300,000 men.
"The cavalrymen from the Don dis
trict are superior to their Siberian com
rades. They are intelligent, brave and
active and are mounted on fine and
powerful horses.
"There are only a few hundred wound
ed at Mukden, but there are 30,000 at
Harbin. -
"I came out on the Siberian Railroad,
which seemed to be doing a tremendous '
work smoothly. Along" the railroad be- }
tween Mukden and Harbin there are j
lines of warehouses full of supplies, and j
these supplies remain almost untouched, J
as up to the present the army has sub- j
sisted chiefly on the country. j
SCARES CHINESE
It Is to be observed, further, that while there
is no finding of . fact in this case unon which
the order of the commission can be based, the
evidence itself is not believed to be sufficient
to support the order. The evidence before • the
court, on the contrary appears to tjp sufficient
to support a finding that the Kearney 'rate in
and £ of Itself wei and Is reasonable. But* In
view - of what has been said • It will not be
necessary to review the evidence UDon tha$
question. ; Nor will it be necessary to con
sider the objection that the order of the com
mission seeks to fix and establish rates, a
legislative power the commission does not pos
sess under the statute. , Interstate Commerce
Commission vs. Alabama Midland Ry. Co.; 108
U. i». 144. 161. Its. Neither will It be neces
sary to discuss the question whether the Union
Pacific Railroad Company , is bound by tho
order of the commission by reason of the fact
that.lt was not originally a party to the com
plaint i before the commission. The conclusion
reached Is that the bill has not been sustained,
for the reason stated, and should be dismissed.
It i» so ordered. . -
It follows that unless the greater charge for
the shorter haul Is In and of Itself unreason
able, and the lesser rote charged for the longer
haul Is voluntary, the prohibition of the third
tfctir.n of the act doea ndt apply: It Is true
that tn this court It in contended that the
rate to Kearney Is unreasonable per se, and in
support of this contention It Is urged that the
unreasonableness of the Kearney rate appears
from the fac; that, although the traffic Is de
livered at Kenrney direct, the Kearney rate
is made ud of thn rate for the haul through
Kearney and 160 miles beyond to Lincoln, a
competitive point, nlus the local rate of 27
cents per 100 pounds from Lincoln back, to
Kearney, and that the Kearney, rate embraces
charges for tv.-o hauls .aggregating 300 miles
not In fact made. The attention of 'the court
Is also called to a statement or the average
castbeund rate per ton per mile maintained
by the Union Pacific Railroad Company on
Pacific Coast business for a number of years,
from which it appears that the local rate of
27 cente per 100 pounds from Lincoln to Kear
ney la In excess of such average rate. But
after it has been determined that Omaha is
an active competitive point, and the rate to
that point has been reduced by competition,
this argument does not supply the place of a
finding by the commission upon evidence be
fore it that the rate of 77 cents per 100 pounds
from ¦ San Francinco ¦ to Kearney Is in and of
Itself unreasonable. -This was the defect in
the proceedings before the commission In the
case of Interatate Commission vs. Louisville,
etc.. R. R. Co., 190 U. S. 273. where the
Supreme Court pointed out that there was
nothing In the proceeding to sustain the view
that the commission had adjudged that the
higher rates for the shorter hauls were In and
of themselves unreasonable. Irrespective of the
competitive conditions prevailing at a. point
on the longer haul where a lesser charge had
been established by force of competitive con
ditions, -r .. -
Judge Morrow, after quoting the
cases of Texas and Pacific Rail
way vs. Interstate Commerce Commis
sion and East Tennessee Railway
Company vs. Interstate Commerce
Commission, says:';.
On December 9, IS90, A. J. Gustin, a
resident of Kearney, Nebr., filed a pe
tition with the Interstate Commerce
Commission alleging that the South
ern Pacific Company, Union Pacific
Railway Company and its successor,
the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
had violated the interstate commerce
act, in that they had charged a rate
of 77 cents per 100 pounds on sugar in
carload lots from San Francisco over
their joint through line to Kearney,
Nebr, while at the same time charging
50 cents per 100 pounds on the same
freight for the longer haul through
Kearney to Omaha. On March 3, 1900,
the commission found the charges com
plained of to be in violation of the act
and ordered that the defendants desist
from making them.
It is alleged in the. present suit that
the defendants willfully violated this
order of the commission. The commis
sion asked for a writ of injunction or
other process restraining defendants
from further disobedience to the order
and requiring them to pay the costs
and counsel fees. The defendant rail
way companies filed answers admit
ting that they had charged the rate
mentioned, but- denying, that it was in
violation of 'law, ' alleging that the
lower rate t to Omaha (tHan to Kearney,
was forced 1 ; upon them. by competitive
conditions beyond , their control, name
ly, water and rail; rates through the
Dominion of Canada and water com
petition-to and from the Atlantic and
gulf ports. : r< '
Judge Morrow said that while the
commission had determined that
Omaha was a competitive point In the
transportation of" sugar, and, that the
defendants were forced to make the
rate of 50 cents per 100 pounds from
*San Francisco to that point,, it did
not determine that the rate of 77 cents
per 100 pounds to Kearney was unrea
sonable per ee, but that it was only
relatively so. In other words, by com
paring the rate of 77 cents per 100
pounds from Han Francisco to Kear
ney, the shorter distance, with the rate
of 1 50 cents per 100 pounds from San
Francisco to Omaha, the longer dis
tance; the commission reached the con
clusion that the greater charge for
the shorter distance was relatively un
reasonable. The question had been
submitted to the court whether this
difference of 27 cents per 100 pounds
between the rates to Kearney and
Omaha was unreasonable. ; >fe';
The famous sugar rate case, which
had been pending in the Federal
courts for . several years, was dis
missed yesterday by United States
"Circuit Judge Morrow! In his
opinion Judge • Morrow exhaustively
discusses the ense and decides that
the Interstate Commerce, Commission
is not vested with legislative ;. powers
to' establish- rates and that it had not
been shown that* thV rate complained
of on sugar from San Francisco ;to
Kearney, Nebr.,. was unreasonable per
se. The suit, was; entitled The Inter
state Commerce I Commission vs.- the
Southern Pacific Company, the" Union
Pacific Railway Company and S. H.
B. Clark, Oliver \W.) Mink, E. .^EUery
Anderson. John W. Doane and Freder
ick R. Coudert, as receiver of. the
Union. Pacific Railway Company, and
the Union Pacific Railroad '¦ Company
as successor, of the Union Pacific"Rail
way Company. 1 ; ,. ; ;
This was a suit in equity to restrain
the defendants from collecting certain
freight charges on sugar in violation
of the. order of the Interstate Com
merce Commission." The facts of the
case, as found by Judge Morrow, are
as follows: .
The Japanese attack on Tsinkha
cheri was checked by our artillery fire
and the fighting ceased at 6 o'clock in
the evening of November 27. At no
point did the enemy advance nearer
than vithin 600 paces of our positions.
A later dispatch fnwi General Kuro
patkin reports that the night of No
vember*'^ passed quietly at Tsinkha
chen, but that the Japanese resumed
the offensive at 7 o'clock this morning
on the Russian left flank.
General Sakharoff to-day telegraphed
djs follows:
General Kuropatkin, under yester
days date, reported that the Japanese
offensive movement, which was begun
en November 24, near the village of
Tsinkhaohen. on the front of the left
Hank, was of an indecisive character
uj) to 4 o'clock on November 26, and
was checked by the Russian fire. Al
though the fighting had then lasted
three days the Russian troops were in
«-^:ceIlent spirits.
ATTACK IS RESUMED.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 28.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin reports that there has
been active skirmishing on the left
flank for three days. The opinion is
uow expressed by the general staff
that the Japanese intend taking the
offensive, as -hey cannot afford to wait
till the Russians are further reinforced.
It is held that the fighting to the east
ward is doubtless with the purpose of
feeling out the Russian positions, pre
paratory to an advance in that! direc
tion, but as there are about 7000 Rus
sian troops southwest of Sintsintin,
where fighting occurred on November
26, and probably twice as many more
in the mountains between Bentziaputze
and Sintsintin a Japanese move from
this quarter would entaii serious fight
ing.
LONDON, Nov. 29. — Generals Kuro
patkin and Sakharoff are sending daily
long detailed accounts of apparently
rather unimportant fighting which
may, however, possibly turn out to be
the beginning of another great battle
deciding the fate of Mukden. ' Japan
ese in London decline to believe that
there will be a cessation of hostilities
till spring.
ODESSA, Nov. 28.— General Kaul
bars, commander of the Third Man
churian army, left Odessa , to-day for
Mukden, where he expects to arrive on
December 14.
MUKDEN, Nov. 28.— Undue import
ance is attached to the three days'
fight between the Japanese and Gen
eral Rennenkampf's men. It was in
reality an advance guard affair, in
which the Japanese were repulsed with
a loss of 100 men. This advance of
the Japanese against Pa Pass need not
be regarded as a big flanking move
ment toward Tie Pass, which so many
imagine is the route the. Japanese" in
tend to take- Both the Japanese armies
are united near Mukden and as here
tofore are simply awaiting develop
ments.
WITH THE RUSSIAN FORCES AT
SHENKINQ, Nov. 28.— The attack by
the Japanese upon General Rennen
kampf's position on November 24 re
sulted in three days' fighting at Tslnk
hachen. near Da Pass. Though the
Japanese have been repulsed the fight
ing continues. The Japanese have suc
ceeded in placing several big siege guns
in position, with which they will be
able to seriously harass the Russians.
NOT A GENERAL ENGAGEMENT.
In the midst of the battle a blinding
snowstorm caused a suspension of hos
tilities and when the weather cleared
at 3 o'clock in the afternoon a turning
movement against our right flank was
observed."
Attorney for the Federal
Board Failed to Prove
the Charges Unreasonable
Commander in Chief
of Czar's Armies Is
Up to Data /
Attack May Be the Prelude
to a General Engagemennt
STATUS OF SHORT HAUL
Judge Morrow Decides in Fa
vor of the Corporations
and Against Commission
JAPANESE HAMMER AWAY
AT SLAV LEFT FLANK.
KUROPATKIN
RIDES ABOUT
IN AN AUTO
RAILWAYS WIN
SUGAR RATES
THREE DAYS OF FIGHTING BELOW MUKDEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904.
2
ADV'EKTISiaiEyTS.
" Beauty is but skin-
deep" was probably meant
to disparage beauty. Inr
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
•'There is no beauty
like the beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
Sold all over the world.
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a ceatuiy
prepared ay
BA'JA CALIFORNIA '
Damiaha Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIGORA.
¦tor and K«rvme.
The most .wonderful aphrodisiacs ana' Special
Tcntc for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own m*rlt*.
NABER, ALFS-& BRUNB. AsentsH^
828 Market st.;' S. F.— (Seed for Circulars.)
¦ .A Guaranteed Cure for , Piles. _ ...
. Itching,-- Blind/ Bleedtr.r or 'Protruding Piles.
iTour druggist will refund money If PAZO CUNT:
'MENT f alia - to ' cure you ln'0 to 14 days. 50c. •
Tb Cure a "Cold In One Day
Take, Laxative - Broino , Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c*
SCOTTS EMULSION.
HAD TO HIDE IT
. A mother wrote us recently
that she had to keep Scott's
Emulsion under lock and key
— her children used to drink
it whenever her back was
turned. Strange that children
should like something that is
so good for them. It's usu-
ally the other way. Scott's
Emulsion makes children
comfortable, makes them fat
and rosy-cheeked. Perhaps
that's why they like it so
much — they know it mjtkes
them feel good.
We*S}«eDd yoo a saispie, fre*
SCOTT * BOWWE. «* Besrf Street, New Vark.
|»lpi^^ ' To sweeten, Dispels colds and ,
To refresh, ¦ •/ headaches when
l^p'^^— <HI ' To cleanse the I bilious or con-
¦>i*j^ \' * ¦ • ¦ w v% syswciiif j sripaxeo ,
lif I' ''-Wi\ \ Eff ect * ua My I For men, women
ill W^^^m/ ) GI *^ GenUy; 1 and children; 1
; JM I >§i|y. There is only \ Acts best* on I
!^ f M one Genuine w the kidneys I
Syrup of Figs; I and liver I
|2^M —V to S e * ene * J stomach and I
¦ 5^^T.v-£ *-'•'>" '..'••¦'.¦ vs'v/ '.--*.'•;• fl ll ft Tm* JUJi A MJ ff %p* •* %»# % f
Always buy the genuine — Manufactured by the j
Sfek l<iisyille;% Smv FmncisccCal. n w YorKHX. |
hit The genuine Syrup of Figs is for sale by all first-class druggists. The £
t£ ; full name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co.— is always 1
y printed on the front of every package Price Fifty Cents per bottle. yFall hat* 1904. Jtmt arrived, nobble*
ttoan ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp.PaUc<* *
SUES THE RAILROAD.— Suit was filed In
the Justices' •¦ Court . yesterflay ' by William • M.
Owinn aralnst the .•: Southern • Pacific
Company for |C99 09 damages.. He alleges that
owing to the audden stopping of a car of the
defendant • corporation -- on . October . 12 he ¦ was
injured - and ' seeks compensation. '
• ACCUSED OF PERJURY.— Miss Edith
Heyde. 11 Chapultepec street, swore to a com
plaint before-; Police- Judxe Mog-an yesterday
charging -Laurance Alexander, a conductor for
the United . Railroads, with perjury. As al
ready published, Alexander made love to Miss
Heyde and got her consent to marry, him. He
went to the . marriage license office and, there
swore : falsely that he was an unmarried man.
Alexander was -arrested on Saturday night on
complaint of. Miss Heyde. ,'.;.- s
LAWLOn POSTPONES DECISION'.— Judge
Lawlor Intended rendering: hl« decision yes
terday nicrniiy; en the motion to quash th«
luoct-edlngH against the Election Commissioners
accusing them of malfeasance in office on the
Kruwul lhat the. proceedings should have been
brought In the name of the people, but It was
r»s»rvtd till this morning. Som* further argu
rr.tni was heard as to whether the proceedings
were civil or criminal and additional authori
ties were auottd.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28. — Presi
dent Roosevelt has Issued an order
amending the ; civil service rules so as
to include .within the classified ser
vice' the positions of deputy collectors
of customs and the chief collector at
each sub-port. Future appointments
must therefore be based upon com
petive examinations. The order affects
about 400 -positions. -
Civil Service Extended.
NEW YORK, Nov. 28. — The first la
bor trouble in the Broadway exten
sion of the subway from the City Hall
south is threatened this week by the
Firemen's Union, which has made de
mands for union conditions. It is said
that the sub-contractor, upon whom
the demand was made, refused to con
sider this request.
A committee of unions at work in
the subway extension, including the
rock drillers and tool sharpeners, was
appointed and announced later that
they would co-operate with the fire
men. A demand for union conditions
will now be renewed, with the: possi
bility of a strike as an alternative.
1 >emand of the Firemen for Union
Conditions Refused. .
SUBWAY MEN MAY STRIKE.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28. — Under
orders of the War Department, Ser
geant Rudolph Mueller of the, signal
corps at Benicia Barracks will be sent
to Cooleys Ranch, Ariz., reporting by
telegraph on his arrival to the signal
officer of the Department of Colorado
at Denver, to relieve Sergeant Ruel H.
Murch of the signal corps. Sergeant
Murch, on relief, will be sent to Beni
cia Barracks.' Major Edgar Russell of
the signal corps, on special duty at
San Francisco, will go to Seattle for
duty in connection with the Alaskan
cable operations before returning to
Washington, as previously ordered.
Private William P. Carroll of Com
pany C of the signal corps at Benicia
Barracks, Cal., will be discharged
from the army by the commanding of
ficer of his station under the provi
sions of general orders No. 48.
Army Orders.
PARIS. Nov. 28. — During the ab
sence of several of the Ministerialist
members the committee which has
been considering the separation of
church and state to-day voted the re
jection of the Government's bill pre
sented by Premier Combes, in the
name of President Loubet The action
of the 'committee caused excitement.
It Is expected that a reconsideration
of the bill will be obtained hereafter.
Committee Votes, Down Bill for Sep
aration of Church and .
State.
SUPPORTERS OF COMBES
TRICKED BY OPPOSITION
. The official report says the explo
sion was due to an unsuccessful effort
to flre a counter explosive charge used
during the sweeping operations.
PORTSMOUTH, England, Nov. 28.
A singular accident, resulting in the
death of two men and in Injuries to
a number of others, occurred in Ports
mouth harbor to-day. Two launches
belonging to the British torpedo
Bchoolship Vernon were engaged in an
instructional course of sweeping the
.harbor for mines when suddenly an
explosion occurred on board one of
the launches, which Immediately sank.
Those who were on board of her were
thrown into the water and were res
cued with difficulty. ,The second
launch was so seriously damaged that
she sank.
Two Men Killed and Several Injnred
" During Instruction Exercises
In the Harbor.
"It is very gratifying to the people
of Mississippi to know that they have
done one thing that the present Presi
dent of the United States approves.
Doubtless, the President's . admiration
of the Mississippi building is due to
the admiration of Jefferson Davis, of
whose last home it is a replica."
JACKSON, Miss.. Nov. 28. — Gov
ernor Vardaman to-day received a
telegram from President Francis of
the World's Fair stating that Presi
dent Roosevelt visited and greatly ad
mired the Mississippi building while
at the fair Saturday. The Governor
wired a reply containing the follow
ing:
Seizes .Opportunity When Informed
That Roosevelt Admired the Mis
sissippi Building.
Before leaving for St. Louis on her
last trip she expressed a desire to
well-known citizen's -of Milwaukee to
paint a picture of President Roosevelt
for the White House, or to be hung
in one of theother Government build
ings at Washington. She was directed
to seek an audience through one of
the Wisconsin Senators or Congress
men.
Miss Herndl was released at the po
lice station after having been ques
tioned at length and satisfying the au
thorities that she meant r!o harm to
the President. To-night she stated
that she has a painting of George
Washington displayed in the Varied
Industries Pavilion and was very anx
ious that it be viewed by President
Roosevelt. When he failed to. see ft
Saturday she decided to call on him
Sunday and endeavor to persuade him
to see the picture and her efforts In
this respect caused her to get Into dif
ficulty.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 28. — Miss
Maria Herndl of this city, who was ar
rested in St. Louis while seeking an
audience with President Roosevelt,
has an excellent reputation J in Mil
waukee. Miss Herndl has a painting
on exhibition at the World's Fair and
left for St. Louis two weeks ago for
the purpose of preparing the painting
for shipment to Milwaukee at the con
clusion of the fair.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 28.— After trying
to force her way into the residence of
William H. Thompson for the purpose
of painting the picture of President
Roosevelt, Miss Maria Herndl, a glass
painter from Munich, Germany, but
claiming to have studio . quarters at
Milwaukee, Wis., was arrested Sun
day night by detectives.
Woman Artist Attempted to Call on
Him in St. Louis, but Was
Arrested Instead.
VARDAMAN TAKES ANOTHER
FLING AT THE PRESIDENT
The first attempt was made on the
second section of No. 5, known as the
California Limited. This was not re
ported to headquarters Saturday
jiight, as the train crew thought the
shots fired into the cab came from
gruns in the hands of persons who
wished to be revenged on the railroad
for either a fancied or real cause.
Some of the trainmen ftlll cling to the
revenge theory, but others hold that
a gang of train robbers is operating in
Chaffee County.
Of the two shots fired at No. 5 one
plowed its way through the cap of
Fireman Arthur and tore a tuft of
hair away.
SALIDA, Colo., Nov. 28. — It has de
veloped that attempts were made to
hold up two westbound Denver and
Rio Grande passenger trains instead
of one at Gordon Siding on Saturday
n'ght. Only the attempt on No. 1,
known as the Denver and Ogden Ex
press, was reported to Superintendent
Lukes at Salida. This was the second
and principal assault by the train rob
bers.
ATTEMPT MADE TO HOLD UP
• THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Shots Fired Into the Engine Cab of
Train While Pnssing Through
Colorado.
WANTED "TO PAINT PORTRAIT
OF PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
GARDEX CITY LIVERY
STABLE3IEX WALK OUT
Captain KeesUnc Re-elected.
At a meeting of Battery D, First
Battalion, N. G. C, last night. Captain
F: V. Keesling was unanimously re
elected. Major Smith of the Fifth
Infantry presided. Captain Keesling
has made a treat recorJ for himself
in his connection with the battery dur
ing the last two years.* He hopes to
make the battery the "crack" organi
zation of- the State.
Cu« to WoB cs orde^d b7
Is Displeasing to the
Workmen.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 28.— Sixty em
ployes of the livery stables In this city
walked out this morning at 9 o'clock.
The trouble { Is due to the wage scale.
The men have been paid $2 a day for
the last two years. A short time ago
the employers formed an association
and notified the men that during the
winter months they would have to cut
wages from $60 to $50 per month.
This was to go Into effect December 1
and continue until May 1. The Stable
men's Union refused; to accept this
and to-day ordered their men on
strike. Every stable but one in the
city was effected.
Stable owners stated this afternoon
that they have had no trouble filling
the places of the strikers and that
they have been obliged to turn away
many applicants for work.
Love is never satisfied until tt geta
both arms full.
TWO TORPEDO LAUNCHES
BIX)W UP AT PORTSMOUTH
gw>d; the punch was as good as Amer
icans demand with their appalling ap
peals for ice in their drinks; all the de
tails were splendid, all save the ven
tilation in the ballroom, which was vil
lainous—just ask the men, the poor
chaps, whose collars wilted after the
been— within the reach of Sally's mem
ory—a prettier dance. True, there were
no decorations, save the festoons of Joy
that hung about everywhere — and par
ticularly in the supper-room, for the
supper was really a treat. The music
was good— a little speedy, perhaps— but
SOME OF THE MEMBERS OF THE SMART SET WHO ATTENDED THP VTT*<lT
PA S l5Ccl L HO < ToI HB SEASON ' WHICH WA S GIVEN LAST J«O JtH HS1e
FT. LOUIS, Nov. 2S. — During the
performance to-night of "At Paris on
the Pike" at the World's Fair one of
the ropes broke during a trapeze ex
hibition and A. Dibson, the performer,
was thrown to the stage and Instantly
killed.
Falls to Death From Trapeze.
But why not — with a group of
charming hostesses, and such an ar
ray of pretty women— debutantes and
their seasoned sisters? And (whisper
it low) 'tis said that many men— over
20 and under €0, to be sure — really en
joy the seasoned sisters rather well.
They seem to be less conscious of self,
and throw out a thought, now and
then, to the man. Therein lies the se
cret of the retired debutante's suc
cess. And men do eo love to be ob
jects of interest. Fair debutante,
here's a tip, and, unlike many of its
fellows, It never fails to land the
money.
Preceding the dance there was an
Intended dearth of dinners, the nota
ble exceptions being the Misses. Sabin
and Miss Ade Sullivan, and therefore
the quests came early. And herein is
an innovation for which to be devout
ly thankful.
Say what you will, there has never
"A very merry, dancing, drinking.
Laughing, quaffing and unthinking
time"
was last night's Assembly at the Pal
ace—the first of the season— and, let it
be proclaimed from the housetops,
'twas a famous success!
BY SALLY SHARP.
first dance, what they think of It
Now that the question is on, why
does not the Palace management Insti
tute electric fans in the ballroom? They
might not conduce to the beauty of the
Ivory and gold walls— but why should
beauty of dead walls interfere with live
comforts?
Then, let us hope, that by the next
glad Asseihbly, the good Palace people
will take heed of /this poor suggestion.
'Twould save much" masculine lan
guage—and the necessity of buying a
fresh collar at the fifth round.
As for beauty, there was a surfeit of
It— there were Mrs. Milton Pray, Mrs.
Kranthoff, Miss Wilson of San Rafael,
Miss Maisie Langhorne, Miss Stella
McCalla, Miss Elsie Sperry, Mrs.
Thomas Porter Bishop, Miss Brewer,
Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith and— but
alas! memory, treacherous servant,
fails me.
As to the gowns, they were distinctly
smart— most of them. True, there were
a few "beasts," but not many.
Herewith Is a partial summary:
Mrs. S. G. Churchill, a rich French blue
velvet gown.
Miss Gertrude Dutton, white crepe de chine
and point lace.
Miss Mayllta Pease, white crepe and point
lace.
Miss Helen Davis, a beautiful creation of
spangled and embroidered chiffon over white
silk.
Mrs. Baggett. ashes of rose satin brocade
Miss Baggett. red point d'esprit over red
W. F. Gleeson, long connected with
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
has gone to Los Angeles to accept the
position of chief rate clerk of the
Salt Lake Road.
J. C. Campbell, the well-fcnown law
yer, returned yesterday from the East,
where he has been engaged with im
portant legal matters in New York and
Chicago for several weeks.
Governor N. J. Bacheller of New
Hampshire, who has been attending
the National Grange Convention In
Portland. Ore., arrived here yesterday,
and la registered at the Palace Hotel.
He Is on his way home.
William Thomas Fee. Americas
Consul General at Bombay, India, and
his wife, who have been visiting their
old home in Ohio for several months,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday on
their way to the Far East.
E. W. Gillett. general freight and
passenger agent; H. B. Warden, assist
ant general freight and passenger
agent, and T. C. Peck, general passen
ger agent of the Salt Lake road, wer«
at the Palace Hotel yesterday. They
came here to confer with the -South
ern Pacific traffic officials regarding
the future division of traffic over their
respective lines.
G. A. Parkyns, assistant general
freight and passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific Company at Los An
geles, Is at the Palace.
John M. Vance, a lumberman of
Eureka, and his wife are at the St.
Francis.
Otto Floto. a well known sporting
writer and fight promoter of Denver,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
L. A. Thorsen, who is Heavily inter
ested in timber lands In this State, ar
rived from the East yesterday and Is
at the Palace.
Dr. B. William of Fresno Is at the
Lick.
J. M. Brooks of Los Angeles la at
the St. Francis.
J. R. Prince, a Tuolumne lumber
man, is at the Palace.
Dr. J. W. Coolidge and wife of
Scranton, Pa., are at the Grand.
State Prison Director Don Ray 13
down from Gait and staying at the
Lick.
PERSOXAIa
ruffles of lavender tinted chiffon.
Mrs. Brewer, white point d'esprit trimmed
In pale blue velvet.
Miss Alice Borel. a white spangled gown.
Miss Anna Fo6ter wore white dotted Swiss
over red silk.
Mrs. Wallace, white silk crepe with lace
embroidery.
Miss Florence Cole; blue -silk.
Ml5s Helen Robinson, white chiffon, embroi
dered In pink.
Mrs. Louis Gerstle's robe was an elaborately
spangled white silk.
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder was gowned In black
lace.
Miss Georgia Spleker in white satin was very
picturesque.
Mrs. Alfred Goodrich wast very handsome In
Jetted black lace over white silk.
Miss Warren, accordion-pleated chiffon, with
embroidered insertions.
Mrs. Krauthoff. pink chiffon with trimming
of lace ruffles.
Miss Grace Thompson, white silk grenadine
over silk, with point lace. Ornaments dia
monds.
Mrs. Flett, dove colored silk brocade trimmed
in pink.
Miss A. Lawls was dressed In pink crepe
with trimming of point lace and marten.
Miss Ruth Hougrhton of Oakland had a hand
some gown of French embroidered grenadine.
Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop looked very dis
tingue in a white spangled gown.
Mlaj Elsie Clifford, white point d'esprit over
white silk.
Miss Beatrice Fife, a beautiful gown of blue
and pink flowered French organdie, the tints
exactly sultlne her rare coloring.
Mrs. McNab was In a net gown, trimmed
with laca.
Miss Dunstan wore a spangled white «ilk.
Mrs. Downing, in white silk.
Miss Southack, white net over pink silk.
D^sdin^uer^' 8 " k embr °»«~ed «n
vi Mlss ,,. Perry ' B sown of white organdie over
b1 ?? sil £ T, a l verT P™" y » n <J effective
Mrs. Callahan wore a rich costume of rray
hlav ' Uce trlmmlnf?s of '^bossed velvet
wifh^SeTrokf^gFrdir^ bUck h^
-htrrld 51X a^point^ '"* ™
Miss Irene Sabin. white embroidered chlf
her ha!'/ WhUe '"^ Wlth a «" S&thla
President Gompers and Executive
Council. Together With Many
Delegates, Depart.
President Gompers and other mem
bers of the executive council of the
American Federation of Labor left
last night for the &ast with a num
be." of international. State and Fed
eral delegates who attended the con
vention. There was no special dem
onstration on the part of the local
committee of arrangements. The iead
injr members assembled at the Russ
House and escorted the delegates to
the ferry.
President Gompers refused to make
a statement regarding the Industrial
affairs of the country and said that
the convention would stand upon the
past two weeks' record. He expressed
himself as hopeful over the labor out
look.
A few delegates will remain f»i the
r-ty. sightseeing, and the English rep- j
resentctives ' will visit cities of the j
i-'tate and stop for a few days in Sac
ramento and Los Angeles. They ex- j
pect to consume two months visiting
throughout the United States, and will
Fpend a week or more in New York
before returning to England.
LABOR OFFICIALS LEAVE
FOR EASTERN* HOMES
LONG BEACH. Nov. 28.— The resi
dence of A. M. Goodhue, manager of
t£<? San Pedro Lumber Company, was
looted by burglars last night in so cora
plet* a manner that the place will prac-
Uc&ily have to be refurnished. Almost
everything which two men could move
was taken, and the tbooty includes in
addition to many valuable trinkets all
the bedding, table and other linen,
dreeses, clothing, articles of furniture,
table cutlery— In short, practically all
that a discriminating thief who desires
to furnish a house would take.
The burglars used a wagon to haul
away their plunder, and although the
vehicle was seen on the streets before
daylight this morning no trace of it
can now be found by the officers. The
Coodhue family was away from home.
The thieves therefore had the entire
right In which to work.
The residence adjoins that of Fire
Chief Shrewsbury, but he heard no
noise during the night.
The home of Mrs. J. B. Webster, a
short distance away, was also looted In
an almost identical manner, the thieves
taking even the mattresses from the
beds.
This makes seven such burglaries
here within three weeks, the burglars
In each case selecting a house from
which the family was absent.
Ez>*ciai DlEpatch to The Call
Miss Harms, spangled blue chiffon over blue
•Ilk. and diamond ornaments.
Mis* Bessie Bates, white silk crepe and pink
chiffon trimming'.
Mies Sybil Hodges, white cr-pe and lace.
Miss Edna Davla. prettily gowned In white
epangled chiffon over silk.
Miss Alice Sullivan in pink chiffon.
Ml»s Jennie Deal, blue silk crepe with ruf
fles of blue point d'esprit.
Miss Helen Bowie, white point d'esprit
trimmed with pink roses.
Mlse Mary Bowers of Maine, the guest of
Mrs. J. K. 'Wilson of Pacific avenue, was
gowned In white Swiss over white silk.
Miss Maye Colburn's gown was "a pretty
conceit. The hand -embroidered chiffon was
made In Switzerland, and was fashioned In
most fetching fashion.
Miss Elizabeth Cole wore an accordion
pleated black silk frock, extremely becoming.
Mrs. Wilton Pray, stunningly gowned in
black, was a picture.
Miss Elsie Sperry wore a spangled white
robe with chiffon trimming. In which she was
truly fascinating.
Miss Sophie Borel. white crepe and lace.
Mrs. Rawllngs, white embroidered net.
Miss Hyde- Smith, delicate green silk and
point lace.
MIjs Maisi» Langhorne looked extremely w,ell
In an embroidered chiffon.
Mr* Robert Sherwood wore a beautiful azure
blue silk. ,
Mrs. Charles ' Alexander, green satin with |
The Riper Sisters
Have Charms
That Win.
Clothes, Bedding-. Furniture
and Goods of All Descrip
tions Taken bv the Vandals
Music, and Supper Perfect, but the Ventilation in Baffroom
Atarnafjfe, Causing- Much Wilting of Linen,
THIEVES USE A WAGOX
DEBUTANTES
SHARE FUN
PRETTY MAIDENS WITH LOVELY: GOWNS PRESENT
A CHARMING AND MEMORABLE PICTURE.
Enter Homes of Wealthy Per
sons and Ransack Places
From the Cellar to Garret
BURGLARS MAKE
A RICH HAUL
FIRST ASSEMBLY AT PALACE BRILLIANT SUCCEES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOAN'S YYVL&.
A GREATJRUTH.
How It Eas Spread From Home to
Home in San Francisco.
In every part of San Francisco, in ;
the homes of the wealthy, in the i
humble abode of the man of toil, 'tis i
now a well-known fact — a great truth i
— that Doan's Kidney Pills have ;
brought more comfort to backache !
sufferers and cured more sick kidneys j
than any medicine of modern time.
John Lewis, tailor, rear of 721 j
Bush street, says: "An attack of ma- 1
laria, as in the majority of instances,
was followed by inactivity of the kid-
neys and a lameness and soreness •
across the small of v\y back. Sitting, '¦
as I am compelled to do, partially
stooped, strained the muscles of the :
loins, and aching ensued, and when I ;
straightened I could only describe the !
twinges which shot through the small j
of my back as excruciating. With
the passing of time the pain increased j
until I was compelled to stop work.
I knew something had to be done or :
my case might become serious, and I i
commenced taking standard remedies •
guaranteed to cure kidney complaint j
in any of its various forms. The re- i
suits obtained from the medicines '
ceased the moment I stopped their use,
and, ever on the outlook for some-
thing to bring relief, I at last tried
Doan's Kidney PiHs. I knew after
a dose or two they were acting di-
rectly upon the kidneys, and a con-
tinuation of the treatment absolutely
stopped the last attack. I have told
a great many of my friends and ac-
quaintances about the benefit I have
received from the use of Doan's Kid-
ney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c
Foster-Mtlburn Co.. Buffalo N Y
sole agents for the. United States — **'
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
TART Ail 15 A 1 V__\T AR
Soft, spongy, sensitive e'-ms result from
tartar accumulation. It should be removed
s.t ence by ycyr dentis; ar.d thereafter pre-
vented by the use of * .'
1
TOOTH POWBER
and its complement, SOZODONT Liquid.
The Powder is slightly abrasive, is abso-
lute}/ free from grit and acid, v and is just
Chs thing for those who have an Inclination
for Ihe niceties of every-day life.
I FORMS: :.;QyiD, POWDER, PASTE.
I MUSICAL.
LEND ME YOUR
EIUJ1IMTE
And I Will Bet-urn It to You
Chuck Full of Piano Bar-
gains at 126 Geary Street
»
Every Man Has His Oppor-
tunity Once in Life, and if
His Foresight Was as Good
as His Hindsight, He
Would Have Grasped It
. ?
This Is the Time to Grasp
.That Weber Piano, if You
Want to Save $200, and ;
Have Got the 3ioney:
For this great "sacrifice sale of Web-
er pianos for spot cash" closes at 10:30
to-morrow night, and you've no tixna
to lose. • *;
Having cut the "Weber down an aver- \
age of more than 5200 each below their
retail price, we have gone the limit,
and are at a loss to know what to say
— But there is one thing we do know,
and that la. that it will be many a
long day. if ever, before the good peo-
ple of this city will again face a lik»
opportunity to buy a strictly first-class
piano without lining up some dealer's
pocket with a profit.
"Vye know another thing— That thosa
who may be holding back in hopes ofi
a further cut in price, are waiting ia
vain, for we are at the -oottom, abso-* j
lutely at the bottom, there's nothing •
more to cut. }
If discounting J200 from the regular
price of such a piano as the celebrated,
Weber— a piano known throughout tho
civilized world as one of the "four great
American leaders* 1 — putting it down to
the price of a piano more than $200 be-
neath Its class, won't sell the remaining j
few fine "Webers by to-morrow night,
we'll have something good left over to
sell at a profit, which won't be so ba3 i
after all.— But if you think business,
think fast, for Webers will be a pretty
expensive article after this sale Is over.
Don't waste time telephoning but grab
your check or. pocket book, and meet
us face to face, and you may hear
sweet sounds at home to-night.
Weber warerooms, 126 Geary street-
opposite City of Paris dry goods store.
Open evenings.
CLARK WISE & CO.
A. A. FISHER. Manager.
Xr€GCnP£
By Bertha H. Smith and Florence Lundborg
An illustrated volume for the holidays.
Rendered and illustrated with poetic
feeling, yet dignified and impressive.
The California gift book of the year.
Price $2.00 net. Postage We.
PAUL ELDER. (& GO.
238 POST STREET - - SAN FRANCISCOReauthien's Enormous Peculations.
CHICAGO, Nov.- 28.— It Is said that
the alleged peculations of Arnold
Beauthlen, former cashier 1 - of the
West ¦; Liberty Bank .of ,' .. Davenport,
Iowa, now locked, up;-, in ••the .county
Jail here,' will exceed $95,000 . *
LONDON, Nov.. 2 8.'r— Lord Roths
child, when questioned-, to-day, regard
ing the ...alleged embezzlement; ,of
$5,000,000 by. Moses Blumenthal, said
to have been head .of the bullion de
partment'of the London house 'of the
Rothscilds, said \ the . defalcations" .oc
curred, in July, and -the,- shortage was
in the neighborhood of $1501000.'. v The
affair was settled privately. v ""\
Rothschild Loss ..Exaggerated.
PROVIDENCE, . R. I.,' Nov. 28. —
Daniel L. D. Granger, the Democratic
candidate in ; the i First Congressional
District, after a fortnight's recounting
of -ballots by the . State returning
board, was- to-day declared re-elected
to his seat in Congress by 133 plur
ality.-.. . -. ... .. ¦ ;->'-:
Granger Re-elected to Congress.
WESTPORT, N. Y.. Nov. 28. —
Frank and Arthur Thayer, . aged .14
and 12, respectively, broke through
the ice in a pond here to-night and
the elder boy was drowned. The boj's
are sons- of Captain Arthur Thayer,
Third Cavalry, who is on duty at the
Military Academy. - . ;' . •
Captain Thayer's Son 'Drowned.
The large stores will sell only a lim
ited amount of meat to each individ
ual. Throughout the district precau
tions are being taken . to prevent the
breaking out of scurvy. ' Hunters- are
making small -fortunes , by shooting
ptarmigan and -other wild game. These
are abundant in the hills, not far dis
tant, and sell readily at $1 50 a pound.
.The hunters will make more this win
ter than the majority of miners.
Cariboo and moose meat will be plen
tiful, It is expected, before the winter
ends. Many of the cattle, slaughtered
at Fairbanks near the close of the sea
son were shipped In. byway of Lynn
canal down the Yukon ,to Circle, City,
and thence driven acrO6s .to Fair
banks. Some of the cattle were driven
in from Valdez, and the first cattle to
reach Tanana next year will be driven
in over that route.
: TAC0MA, Nov. 28.— Meat is so scarce
in the Tanana mining district that
along a majority of the creeks miners
are eating meat only once per week.
When navigation closed nearly two
months ago the entire carnp had for its
winter supply only four hundred' beef
carcasses, some pork and some canned
meat. A large quantity of meat failed
to arrive, from both Dawson and- St.
Michael. :.v>^?5^ ---L:--: ¦. ¦'.
Thus the "stand patters" have made
visible gains to-day, and so far as can
be ascertained the revisionists have
lost ground. With Speaker; Cannon op
posing revision In the . House and the
protectionist • members of.' the-. Senate
becoming- almost defiant, < it would ap-.
pear veryt doubtful . whether any revi
sion of the tariff were possible, either in
the , Fifty reighth or . Fifty-ninth . Con
gresses. ¦ ¦ >!¦•¦¦ - ' - : - ./¦'¦";.-.¦
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTO^N,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— President
Roosevelt on his. return from St. Louis
to-morrow will find himself confronted
by opposition from influential members
of Congress to' revision of" the tariff, so
formidable that it can be overcome, only
by a determined executive and.prob
ably after a long campaign. ',
Speaker Cannon, whose views are'ex
pected to have great effect on the ac
tion of the President, arrived here to
day and made It' clear that he Is op
posed to tariff revision. The position of
the. Speaker has been progressive. Lika
.the President, he desired to wait until
after the election before making a pro
gramme.'' More Jhan a week ago he
caused it to 'become known • that • he
did' not favor the Idea of an extra.ses
sion . for the purpose of tariff revision.
Now he opposes tariff revision, wheth
er at an extra session or at the regular
session.' He has progressed to 'an atti
tude opposite to" that of Mr. Roosevelt,
who wants some schedules changed.
. Senator Hale of Maine gave out an
interview to-day in which he declared
that he would oppose vigorously all re
vision of the tariff,- and accepted the
challenge of the men &ho wanted low
er schedules. He even went so far as to
say that any persistent demand for re
vision wbuld be likely to make a dan
gerous break in the Republican party.
The canvass of. the votes In Denver
and Pueblo counties has not -yet been
completed, but from the unofficial re
turns it : appears that the Democrats
will control the Senate by a majority of
two or three unless the State . Canvass
ing i Board throws out two . or more of
the Democrats who ar« apparently
elected.
DENVER, Nov. 28.— Mrs. Rosa Sny
der was arrested to-day on warrants
charging her with having bought votes
at the late election. Lizzie Cummlngs
and other women have made affidavits
that Mrs. Snyder gave them %&¦ each
to vote the Republican ticket Mrs.
Snyder Is a complainant' in one of the
cases against Democrats arrested on
warrants Issued by United States Com
missioner Capron charging conspiracy
to intimidate voters, in violation of
Federal statutes. These cases came up
ln'Commissloner Capron's court to-day,,
but were continued,' although George
Allen Smith, attorney for the defend
ants, demanded an immediate trial, de
claring that "these suits were brought
simply for political purposes and -not
for purposes of justice."
Governor-elect Alva Adams came to
Denver from his home in Pueblo to-day
and will remain until after the banquet
to be given in his. honor to-morrow
night. ¦ He .does not take the threat of
the Republicans to prevent his acces
sion to the Governorship seriously, and
has rented a house here for the two
years of his term. Adams expressed
the opinion to-day that Governor Pea
body after an investigation of the elec
tion returns would reach the conclu
sion that he was not the people's choice
for Governor and would gracefully re
tire. I
It is announced that Governor Pea
body will appoint the two additional
Justices of the Supreme Oourt. Under
the constitutional amendment adopted
at the recent election the Court of Ap
peals and the Supreme Court will, be
consolidated on April 5 next, and two
of the seven Judges are to be named
by the Governor. Governor Peabody
will .make the appointments, and the
Senate if Republican will confirm them.
Should the Democrats control the'Sen
ate.. Governor Peabody's appointments
will be rejected and Governor Adams
will appoint the two Judges.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Special Dispatch to The Call
Speaker Flatly Asserts That
He Will Combat Any
Scheme for Revision
Slaying of Birds Is More
Profitable Than Delving
After Gold Along Creeks
Others of Her Sex Confess
to Having Bartered Their
Franchise at That Figure
An unofficial peril of the discharged
Jury taken- to-day showed that nine
were for "Nan" Patterson's acquittal.
NEW YORK. Nov. 28.— The jury in
the Nan Patterson- murder trial was
discharged' to-day and at the same
time District Attorney Jerome sfrved
notice on Nan Patterson's . counsel
that a new Jury would be selected and
a retrial begun at the term of court
whieh will open on© week from to^
day.
The illness of Edward Dressier, a
juror, who was stricken with apoplexy
last week, was the cause of to-day's
action. The report of his physicians,
which was made at the opening of
court to-da3\ that the Juror was in no
condition to return to his duties left
Justice Davis no alternative but to
discharge the Jury.
Miss Patterson appeared very much
dejected as etie was led. back to the
Tombs to await the beginning of the
new trial. She is said to be on the
verge of nervous collapse. When the
adjournment was ordered she ex
pressed keen i disappointment. She
had been confident, she- Said, that the
jury would discharge her, and she was
satisfied that a few days more. would
free her. ..-• - ¦
The labor union has not yet answered
Downey's proposition. Labor troubles
were In pirt the cause of the shutdown
Of the shipbuirdinff plant. ' \
I Downey has embodied his suggestions
tn a letter to a representative of the
union. He states that a manufacturing
'Industry is based on three essentials
capital, executive ability and labor.
•These three are to receive certain rates
of remuneration and then, in his pro
posed plan. If there Is a surplus it is to
•be divided among the three In propor
tion to their contribution to the general
result. He says such a project would
insure individual peace, that it would
give greater security to the investment
of capital and offer greater recompense
to worklngmen and bring: about addi
tional earning, capacity, which Is now
dormant as a result of real or lmag
'inary injustice In the distribution of
earnings. '.'.;::';•¦•¦'
NEW YORK. Nov. 2§.— The Town
•esd &. Downey shipbuilding plant on
Shooters Island, which shut down a
year ago. leaving 1030 men idle, mar be
reopened on a co-oDerative basis if the
Amalgamated Society of Engineers ac-
C€pta an offer which Its members de
ciare Wallace Downey has made to that
effect.
HUNTERS EEAP-HARVEST
SICKXESS THE CAUSE
AXXIOrS TO EEOPEX
BALLOTS BEING $5 EACH
CANXOXIS OXE OF THEM
Powerful Leaders of Senate
and House Are Arrayed
Against jthe President
Arrested for Alleged Vio
lation of Law on Election
Day in Colorado Capital
Beef Is So Scarce in the
Tanana District That Mid
Game Sells at High Figure
Townsend & Downey Ship
yards 3Iake Offer of *a
Scheme of Co-operation
OGDEX, Nov. 28. — The position of
general manager of the new Tonopah
Railroad has been, tendered to "W. ,B.
Dean, employed on the Southern Pa
cific as a freight conductor.
ITigh Plaey; for Conductor.
Men Sitting in Judgment in
Xan Patterson Trial Are
Discharged by the Court
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28. — Fr^d s.
Lowden is appointed postmaster at
Lowdens Ranch; Joseph J. Kleins
postmaster at Tupite. Tuolumna
County; Joseph F. Bertrand postmas
ter at Tocaloma, Marin County, Cal.
Xew California Postmasters.
EMPLOYES MAY
SHARE PROFITS
OPPOSE CHANGE
IN THE TARIFF
MINERS FACE
MEAT FAMINE
WOMAN ACCUSED
OF VOTE-BUYING
At the New Willard — Mrs. W. J.
Hook, B. S. Hook.- W. S. Hook Jr. and
G. C. Brlggs of Los Angeles. At the
Ebbltt — John R. Cole of San Fran
cisco.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28. — The fol
lowing Californians arrived here to
day: v
Californlans in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2S. — A license
was issued to-day for the marriage of
Miss Nannie .Leiter, daughter of the
late Levl Z. Leiter and a sister of Lady
Curzon. to Major Colin Campbell of
the English army. The wedding will
take place to-morrow.
Miss Leiter to Wed Englishman.
SECOND JURY
TO TRY CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904^
4
ADVEKT1SEMJEISTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
500000eOCOOOOOOOOOOOOGOOOOOOOOOO©OOOJ)00000
Men, I Wa lit to Ta I k to
You About This Belt.
'/f&sSK I want to talk to men who ha^re patn3 an<l
EE*' J »chcs. who feel rtin down physically, who re-
<rcy I alize that the old "fire" and energy which was
\?j»jjM so evident in youth is absent now; men who
' **S3? ! V>a cant stanc * l^ e * ino ' unt of exertion they cocld
k~^tia>§ years ago. I want you—
¦: .'!•. y^- *A^ /syl >f that means yoo— to see
'^^~> / /$ what I have done for
Xv \VV vJ/\rwk x<\.^> others who wert just as
/ la <"^'Wa^ VV-Sv^ bad off - Thafi my in-
' troduction. If a friend in
I \W^^ \lIB^SS®^^ whom you had confidence
rf^Pjl^' xG&YWA*/' here's Brown; he has made
i ff >^'^y,l ti ii\ o I ' ~S . pood with me. and I trust him,"
Vj^^^x%\*N^lWj j^__^-— wouldn't you trust him. too?
tjdghtl i'UJ* fwJ^w»V)^|_^— —^^7" . Now, if you don't feel rijjht,
/ ' ! 'i^l^^^ ! '^Ml i" -~~*- *~ can cure you w **^ mv Electric
/ --^lT^^aUS— ~*~^ Belt. If you are full of rbeu-
/ ' ~ZZ^$&m IU'dS"" — *— , matic pains. I can knock them
' i j^^^Amk'?i^&^^^^ ? ut * I can pour °^ ' nto your
ill- *^^i All^S j°' nts an( * li^oer them ao. I
/m vii^^'^jdS N ave oftcn s . aid . that oain and
1 fl \\w*&&0&b electricity can't live in the same
/i« 'Hi ''? - fllftl&riS^Ka house, and I prove it every day.
J li ill ' /MW&&m&k Mr. L- J. Barnett of Tlllamook. Or..
1^ ' i }r'«81w?6a writes: "Your treatment certainly do*3
jl'a li ?¦ iSiJIVS** w^ 3t n0 °ther can. for It has cured rn-.
|?M liwpfSVSftKl I c?nnot praise the Belt too highly, and
' Iii9 ¦''' ' iij'w'Jyiy^^taP gladly recommend It in any case of vital
Wi jM, „£ <stt&3 If '* w«re not for th.m pr.Jndica An» to
EtfwwS-r&^'iiu t& * "Tf 0 ** number of fsUcea in ta* ImjxA,
nilUf/J r%K§« z would not be abls to iuuidle th* bual-
Iliilinii "iffiffl nea * toat woul<1 com* to m*. Taa U 7re«
l||!lln«»w«JIH. v Belt" frmnd and tne "Tre« Dnur" lciidma.
which are not fr«e" at all. hava mai« every one rteptlcal, but X kno^ tliat
I have a irood thing", and 111 hammer away until you know it.
One thing every man ought to know is this. Your body is a
machine. It runs by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you
begin to break down in any way you are out of steam. . That's just
what I. want to give you back. /
I have a cure in every town. Tell me where yoa live uA I wffl ftr«
you the name of a man I've cured.
Tell me your trouble^ and I will tell you honestly whether I can
cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I
have been in tjiis business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it
to-day by lortg odds.' and I am growing yet, because I give- every man
• all he pays for. J
- Now, wouldn't vou ratfier wear my life-giving appliance while
you sleep every night, and feel its glowing. warmth pouring into you
and feel yourself taking on a new lease of. life \fcith each application,
-than to clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely:
Try me.
Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatrax. Cal.. writes: "I am cured of all my
former ailments.- and you have my heartfelt, gratitude for what your
treatment has done, for me. .-.-..
If you will come and see me I'll explain it. to you. If you can't
call let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspir-
ing to strength abd .courage. Free if you send this ad.
np M C Mel AlJfiHI IN *>O6 MAXXBT ST, Abov* SHI*,
Offlc* 8 a. ra. to 8 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 1.
.•..Improve and Adorn Your Homes....
A Garden of the Latest and Most Beautiful Roses for Call Readers
The Call, with its osiial enterprise and interest in its readers, arranged What Call Be More Bedlltifl|S Thflll ,
over a year ago with the largest growers of ROSES in the world to plant and - Gdrdeil 6f ROSCS il\ Full BlOOIH ? -
grow especially for Call readers, under our direct supervision, several hundred -¦'¦; y ¦ ¦¦'- '-¦'¦' "' ¦ : '¦ •
thousand Rose Plants (20 different varieties) of the latest, most fragrant WE BiVE THE FOLLOWING VARIETIES
and beautiful ROSES to be obtained, and is now prepared to place these A YBlIOW | IS.B.B.Gait.BfiaiulGlilSODSCarlGt
Plants in the hands of its pa*™ free of all cost and «ady in plant to ||j|||||| Jffy | jfe fJ M | ., MM flgg
8 g ;• • itai, a mmm Anrorar a Beaiful ssonr PI |
Send to this office a Six Months' Subscription to *HE Maiai GOifit/ 3 BB31111 fl MM;! BG3D11 CMi
daily, and sinday call and six of these beautiful ' Coinlia Cool, a B6antp fie Marie Yon Hontt^ a BeauUfnl Creamy
healthy plants will be sent to address furnished with- EtOiMfi LyOI, tiMM TbUOW. . Wlfi, BllSll TillS
out any cost to you. .•.•.•,•.•.•.•.•.•.• Caiifi MfilBt, 3 Bfiaill SOR PI IfOIT, 8 BBanll SlOW WMtB
— — — — __ — 1|| ciolie Soirt a Beantifnl M GBlteGatB, a Bsaf il WMte Wi
AU plants will be delivered in good condition. Each and every plant PlllK, DB6B GBfltBT ' ; WL BOMST
delivered through this offer is at least one year old, absolutely healthy and Hfilfil Gflf, 3 BBaflllRfill ' It IMM ,3 BBaill SalfflOI M
• m. i m-itomm or .:Mih-m^^
and are unequaled for fragrance and beauty.. . GNU PI- - EllSB HfiPl, 3 663111 S3lfflBI M
When Sending Orders to This Office Be Sure to Use Gare in Writing the Name and Address^n^ Order to Prevent Error in Shipping.
§PJg THe' Pianola I
K : S^5 ; J^B k the Only Piano Player g
j Metrostylej
tg^ • t^n. *<.~*..tf~&& e se y .^ same price other piano ||
Ei>7Atu G8.IEC players are sold for— $250! You may as p
T well have the latest and the best. B
', ' Bc?c:k, KoRtr av, July is, 1904. _ . . •».••¦• 1 • • PH
) 1 hi/e bcird the Mrtro«yie Term payments if desired.' Q
j Plir.c'.i iaococ»i<ierit r.cit ainsir- — ¦ Rj
3 if.e ir.i ¦r.ifrcitinc. Bcfcrrbcir- F^-^l^t-^^^ /SV M
3 ia E the Mctrc.! 7 Ie 1 had thought fVOOICl {Mi} LlflO^ft B
3 that «11 «ach i»»trunicnt» were oulf ~~^^ — .- "^^••^«*»^^ H
B.ch ia «, but it u indeed .nrpn- EstabUshed in 1850. . M
;> Mer^rySeiarrfT^BcintnWcii (fhe LarKCst Muac House on the Coast) U
"^ wotk.iatbewijrofcMrfthelB. rn o - POST and KFARNV B
K tcntion. c/the ccmp«itr. ' It U COK. i'Uai- ana KtAKNY ffl
K e»ce^eiit,. (* ' \ Agents San and Vicinity. Bv'Mahy a marble heart does business
beneath a "sealskin jacket.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 2 S.— A
telegram from Troitzkossavsk. Asiatic
Turkey, reports ' the arrival ; of the
Dalai '.Lama ¦ at 'Urga, ¦ Mongolia, on
November' 27, "where he was welcomed
by a "big gathering "of Mongolian
priests- and inhabita.nts.v- The Dalai
Lama has taken up his residence in
the Buddhist Monastery, of Ghandam.
Makes His Wny to(,Urgaj and Will
Take Up. His Residence in
• . . Buddhist. Monastery. ,
LONDON, Nov. 29. — The Nineteenth
Century, in its December" issue has an
interesting interview .with Chancellor
von Bulow on Anglo-German relations.
Count '.vori Buloiw declares that he; is
and always has been the friend of Eng
land,'and repudiates as absurd the im
putation that Germany desires to make
bad blood . between England and Rus
sia. ' He also denies explicitly the ru
mors; that Germany warned Admiral
Rojestvensky of the possible proximity
of Japanese torpedo-boats in European
water*..
Gennan'- Chancellor Denies /That He
'Is Fomenting Anglo-Russian
Hatred.
DALAI LAMA . WELCOMED .
; BY PEOPLE OF MONGOLIA
VON--BULOW PROCLAIMS
*-!r ¦' ' FRIENDSHIP FOR ENGLAND
NO OPPOSITION TO PLAN
. TO INCREASE GERMAN ARMY
Proposed Addition Said to Be Very
Slight Compared to Growth
: of Population.
BERLIN, Nov. 28.—^The publication
on the eve of the opening of the
Reichstag, which will convene this
afternoon, of the Government's pro
posals to Increase the peace footing of
the army by 10,000 men, and for defi
nite legislative enactment providing
for two years' service with the colors
in all branches of the army except
cavalry and field artillery, rounds out
a programme which the imperial rep
resentatives are not likely to dispose
of before ; the Christmas adjournment,
even "without discussion of commercial
treaties,' v hich the Government is not
ready to submit.
4 The substance of the military pro
posals !ls:so well known, and the pro
posed; increase of the army is so slight
compared with the increase of popu
lation', : that the newspapers print the
text ¦ of the proposed law with little
save, explanatory comment. The same
is true of the bill definitely committing
the/ Government to the two years' ser
vice plan after- eleven years of experi
ence. T>r more comment is evoked
by the growing yearly increase of the
national debt, as shown by the budget
proposals.
Germain had been "boozing." In an
endeavor to give^ his muddied brain a
purer atmosphere he attempted to open
the window overlooking the street. For
a few moments he struggled with the
obstinate sash and, .his arm went
through, the glass.sending a shower of
the broken pane on the heads of pedes
trians. A crowd' attracted by the noise
gathered and. stared a't the man and
the window. While they gazed.Ger
main's efforts were' rewarded by the
giving way . of the window. With a
crash both sash.and man fell forty feet
to the" pavement- below. Th» crowd
held its breath in horror. -
The nimble Frenchman, only dazed
by the impact, rose to his feet in time
to receive his frantic wife in his arms.
The situation was too much for Frank
and the two rolled over amid a volume
of s French phrases. . Then Germain
went out of "business.
The ambulance 'came: Dr.. Hill treat
ed the injured man at the Central
Emergency Hospital and found him
very little injured. The diagnosis was
"possible, internal- injuries." Germain,
jag and injuries were put to bed. Last
night the man lay "awake figuring out
the evils of French vermouth and Its
peculiar 'effects. .' ..
Frank E. Germain, a cook, living at
402 Fifth street, fell from the second
story window of his home late yester
day afternoon and lives to fall again.
The French acrobatic tumbler was "ob
viously Intoxicated. No sober man
could have experienced the same pre
cipitation and sustained so few in
juries.
Tumbles From Two Story.
Window and Is Xot Hurt
by Remarkable Plunge
.INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., Nov. 28. — A
special to the News from Brazil, Ind.,
says that while the pilot train preced
ing President P.oosevelt's special was
passing a lonely place near Brazil to
day four men threw stones, breaking
several windows. The pilot was
stopped and sec-et service men chased
the men, but they escaped.
Rocks Thrown at Cars Preceding the
President's Special.
PILOT TRAIN STONED.
COOK SURVIVES
TERRIFIC FALL
riANO TWICE MORTGAGED. — John C.
Ormsby, • mon^y bro'K»r. 1US2 -O'Farrell street,
secured a warrant from Police Ju<ls» Frit*
yfst«*rday for the arrest of Robert C Howard,
manaaer of the American Pr^ss Association.
207 Sacramento street, on a^felnny chance of
obtaining money by fa!se prrtenses. It is al
leged ?bat Howard twice mcrtrafred a piano
ar.d stool . valued at $113 and th*n sold them.
More California Land Withdrawn
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28. — The Sec
retary of the Interior has withdrawn
fr6*m a!l forms of disposal the follow
ing public lands needed for irriga
tion purposes: North. Platte project.
Wyoming, 15.760 acres: Colorado
River project. 13.440 acres In Califor
nia and 23,010 in Nevada; Milk River
project. Montana.. 46,000 acres.
Johnson took up the testimony of
witness that" whenever Miss Dolbeer
was out of the city they corresponded
with each other. But the answer was
brought forth that only one letter,
which had been introduced in evidence
Bertha Marion Dolbeer for Mis3 Etta
Marion Warrer. that when she had
grown to womanhood she adopted the
name of Marion out of sentiment for
the woman who had been mother and
sister to her. Redick McKee Duperu,
who gave this testimony yesterday,
said that the testatrix had also told
him she was indebted to Miss Warren
more than could ever be repaid, and
the witness expressed the opinion that
the will in which the bulk of the es
tate was bequeathed to the person who
held such strong affection was in itself
proof of soundness of mind. Duperu
declared that "a saner girl never lived."
The day had gone peacefully, gentle
ness and gallantry marking the con
duct of the attorneys in drawing out
the testimony of the fair belles of so
ciety who knew Bertha Dolbeer in her
lifetime and were positive she was
sane, until Duperu was called, and the
finish just as- court adjourned was
electric
Duperu had been a lifelong friend
of the testatrix. They were children
together. During the direct examina
tion he voluntarily interjected the
opinion that one of his strongest rea
sons for believing Miss Dolbeer sane
was the sanity and thoughtfulness in
dicated by the will itself. The state
ment was made with much emphasis
and in tone of voice that was nettling
to counsel for contestant. It could
be seen that a storm was brewing for
the cross-examination and came.
"I would not know what to do with
out Miss Warren," she had exclaimed.
Miss Hager' explained how proficient
Miss Dolbeer was 'at golf," which she
The cross-examination' of j Miss Mary
Josselyn was concluded yesterday morn
ing.' She said she had never, noticed
any signs of depression . In Miss Dol
beer. Miss Genevieve " King ' followed
with testimony to the effect thatthe
testatrix enjoyed her -last -sojourn in
Paris very much, the , witness being
there at the time. Miss King described
the visit of a party, of which Miss Dol
beer was one, to the Arc de Triomphe.
MrsJ Gertrude -Brarider. . Miss Lily
Spreckels, Miss Alice Hager, 'William
P. Horn. John H. Mee and Henry M.
Holbrook testified as to the social'ac
tivities in which Miss Dolbeer ¦partici
pated up to the' time she left San Fran
cisco, and^all were, positive : her. mind
was sound. To Holbrook, Miss; Dolbeer
had said Miss Warren was her best and
dearest friend, and expressed the hope
that some day she could repay all the
kindnesses her companion had shown
her.'
The attorney's voice had an added
note of sternness as he again put the
question. Duperu would make no va
riation in response other than by tone
of voice, which showed rising anger.
Johnson finally won out and the wit
ness hotly shouted "No," adding that
he had already told the fact of the
matter. The lawyer, instant in conflict,
declared that the witness would have to
answer questions. Both were in high
voice and nettled manner.
Attorney Pillsbury was at last moved
to fake a hand, but his thrust was at
Judge Coffey. "lsn:t it about time we
had a Judge here?" he demanded.
Johnson was quick to suggest rebuke
for such a reflection on thn; court. "I
would not dare to make such a com
ment, but coming from the other side
it—" . •
- ."Seems to be. different," Judge Coffey
interposed smilingly.
The mood of the court was right and
everybody escaped a, lambasting. The
humor of. the" situation appealed to
JudRi? Coffey, and he entertainingly
explained that in comparison with him
self Job was entitled merely to honor
able mention for the highly prized vir
tue of patience.
Johnson will go on -.with the cross
examination of Duperu this morning, it
being' but- barely begun yesterday, and
lively proceedings are expected. - -
OWED MUCH TO MISS WAR R EN.
"Are you %ure that is the only letter
she wrote to you?" Johnson repeated
in the demand for a. specific answer.
The answer of the witness was a
repetition of the former, only in a
higher key.
Johnson wanted to emphasise the fact
that she formerly wrote often when
away from San Francisco, but on her
last trip wrote only once.
"Are you sure that is the only letter
she wrote to you?" he asked.
£ "I told »you I received one letter,"
was the Impatient answer.
during the last trip abroad of Miss
Dolbeer, which ended with her death
in Xew York.
UTTXKSS AXI) LATTER CLASH.
"I received one letter," answered the
witness. •
So warm was the attachment of Miss
by proponents, was received , by him
two uitx::f.-i> i.\ \un uulueki: will contest now being tried in
JUDGE OOFFEVS COURT ANL> SCENES iI,L.f8TRAYIVE OF - SOME OF
THE TESTIMONY IN FAVOR OF THE PROPONENTS.
health officers developed a suspicion
of yollow fever and this afternoon the
reffsel w?s Quarantined and ordered to
undergo fumigation. The patient,
who is a midshipman, was surrounded
vith mosquito bars and taken ashore
to the detention hospital.
HAVANA, Nov. 2S.— The French
echoolshlp Dupuay Trouin arrived
lu-r* to-day with a fever case on
board. Examination by the port
Yellow Fever on French Ship.
The tax applies to foreigners having
furnished residences in France or re
ceiving revenues from French invest
ments.* Strong opposition to the meas
ure is developing, on the ground that it
will drive out capital.
PARIS, Nov. 2?.— The Chamber of
Deputies to-day began the debate on
Finance Minister Rouvier's bill for an
incom.e tax. The measure, which makes
sweeping changes in the fiscal system
and is due largely to the growing
strength of the Socialists, but has the
approval of the Government, suppresses
the present taxes on doors, windovrs
and other personal property, amount
ing to a total of I tO, 000,000. The new
plan contemplates raising $26,400,000 by
taxing individual incomes and 512.000.000
by taxing rentals of real estate. The
tax on incomes. is graduated. Incomes
under $500 be exempted: over $500 the
rate gradually- increases, the highest
rate belryy .about 2 per cent on Incomes
above $4000.
Opposition .Is Bawd on the Ground
That Capital Win Be
Driven Out.
PANAMA. Nov. 28.— The first con
ference, having for its purpose the ad
justment of the questions in dispute
between the United States and Pana
ma, was held this morning. There
were present Secretary of War Taft.
President Amador, Ricardo Arias, a
member of the Panama fiscal commis
sion, and General Guardia, the Pana
man Minister of "War. The case
for Panama was presented, but be
yond this fact nothing was given out.
The proceedings will be kept secret
until an agreement is reached, which
probably will be to-morrow.
A reception to Secretary Taft icas
given at the American legation to
night. There were present President
Amador and the members of his Cab
inet, 200 prom}nent Panamans and
the leading canal officials.
of the Matter 1 ? Which Are to
Be Adjusted.
Isthmian Republic Presents Its Side
R. M. S. "OCEANIC."
My <lfar Redick — I hope you will pardon this
la to acknowledgment of the roses I received
at the Oakland mole before leaving home. Th'J"
were ?imply beautiful and I cannot tell you
how much 1 appreciated your noodness. i I
would have written you from New York, but
we were enly there two days and it wa« simply
a mad rush until we rot on board. We had
only a few days- of good weather, but the rest
of the time It has been beastly cold, rainy and
rough, and this erenlnr the steamtr is pitching
terribly. • bo hope you will excuse this scrawl.
I am writing this so It will be posted at
Qu»*enstown to-morrow. . We expect to land
»arly en the el-ventli at Liverpool and I will
b* very glad to be on terra firma a;aln. Have
rr<:t n number of people on board, sa, have
rr^nar'd to pass the time rather pleasantly.
Miss Wr.rrer. and I have not been seasick at
all. but I hope this terrible pitching will' stop
before long.
There U a concert this evening and It be-
Rin* very socn. so I must c!o*». Will writ*
more when I can write with a steadier hand.
Thsnkins you again for th- ms»s and believe
•nr Always sincerely yours..
BERTHA M. DOLBEER.
May 0, 1904.
The following is the one letter Duperu
received from Miss Dolbeer after she
left San Francisco the last time:
played with much zest. Various social
entertainments and dinners were told
of, in which the testatrix took part. At
a gathering of friends the day before
she left for Europe and at the -ferry,
where many were on hand to bid her
good-by, she spoke enthusiastically of
the trip and was in hig^i spirits.
FRENCH DEPUTIES DEBATE
THE INCOME TAX MEASURE
T^FT HAS A COXFEREXCE
WITH PANAMA OFFICIALS
The Board of Supervisors, on the ad
vii-r of the committee, allowed 51100 out
of the urgent necessity fund to pur
chase a Morgue wagon and to continue
tfco sanitary work in Chinatown after
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy had
vented his eloquence thereon. The
committee allowed Levy $31 25 for the
costs advanced by the latter in the suits
of E. C. KimbaJI and H. D. Miller to
compel the Auditor to pay their salaries
as health employes.
City Architect Shea reported that
plans had been prepared for a frame
or.grine-house on Twenty-sixth avenue,
to cost $10,000. If a brick building of
equal rize is erected on the lot the cost
will be $20,000. Plans for a frame en
pine-house on Twentieth street, near
Connecticut, have also been completed,
to cost ?S0OO, but if the building is of
brick the cost will be $20,000.
W. R. Hewitt, chief of the Depart
ment of Electricity, was cited to ap-
I>ear before the Finance Committee
next Monday to explain why a demand
of $6 for towels and one of 75 cents for
a chair Faring: were charged to under
ground construction.
Tli^ committee decided to visit the
Central Emergency Hospital to deter
mine the need of repairs to the heating
system.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
decided yesterday to allow $600 out of
the urgent necessity fund as six
months' compensation for a clerk to
collect unpaid fees on collateral inher
itance taxes still owing to the city and
aggregating JSO.OOO. The Mayor will be
asked to make the recommendation for
the clerk's employment and an ordin
ance to that effect will be passed.
A x-esolution was adopted authorizing
the return to the German Bank of 514,-
C02 ol protested taxes for schools and a
hospital.
The Finance Committee rejected two
demands of B. Hayes for $500 and $330
on the cround that his charges for
hauling voting machines are excessive.
"I tell you, Missouri is surely all
right. Gentlemen, I want you to feel
that I very deeply appreciate the re
sponsibilities put upon me by such a
vote as that of November S, three
weeks asro. and so far as in me lies, 1
will/with your help and with the help
of those who reprerent you, do all I can
to justify your confidence."
URBAN A, Ohio, Nov. 28.— As the
special train stopped at the station In
Richmond, Ind., Mrs. William Dudley
Foulke and Miss Foulke, wife and
daughter of former Civil Service Com
missioner Foulke, entered the Presi
dent's car. The President and Mrs.
Roosevelt chatted with them animat
edly for a couple of minutes. Then,
from the rear platform, President
Roosevelt addressed the considerable
crowd assembled as follows:
"Ladies and Gentlemen: I am very
glad lo see you. I know Richmond of
old. I have always thought highly of
Indiana, ; but during the last three
weeks have had cause to think even
more highly of it.".'
Voice in crowd: "How about Mis
souri?"
Only one stop was made by the Pres
ident's fDecial train between Dennison,
Ohio, and this city.
At Dennison the President was
greeted by a great crowd. The train
pulled into the station shortly before
half -past 4 o'clock, and scores of school
children were in the throng. On the
journey to St. Louis the President was
presented with a raccoon, which is be
ing taken back to Washington. In
some remarks at Dennison the Presi
dent referred to the gift. He said:
"I want to tel! you all good evening
and sav how pleased I am to see you
again and to tell you that the coon is
getting along well. He feeds on every
thing ar.d shows a little inclination to
feed on every man, too. The fair was
a most beautiful and wonderful scene,
and I . am very glad I went. I was
glad to see the fair, but I am still
gladder to see all of you here, the peo
ple of these States and Missouri. I
wish you good night and good luck,
especially' the little folks."
REFERS TO THE ELECTION".
PITTSBURG, Nov. 28.— The special
train bearing President Roosavelt to
Washington from St. Louis arrived in
Pi ttsburjr to-night at 8:30 end departed
ten minutes later. A large and enthu
siastic crowd was present at the Union
station, and cheer after cheer greeted
the chief executive when he .appeared
on the platform of the rear car. The
President said:
"I, am pleased to again get to Pitts
burg after an absence of a little over
eighty hours. I have been to St. Louis
to see the fair * and thoroughly en
joyed myself. I have also had the
privilege of greeting American citizens
in the States of Pennsylvania, . Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois and Missouri, which I
appreciated."
A large squad of police and detectives
were lined up on either side of the
train during its stay, and every pre
caution was taken for the President's
safety.
SPEAKS OF THE COON.
Finance Committee Begards
as Excessive Charges for
Hauling Voting Machines
At Dennison, Ohio, Boosevelt
Jokes- About Coon Given
Him on the Trip South
« KJECTS DB AYAGE BILLS
TALKS AT PITTSBUBG
©
President Greeted by Vast
Crowds as Special Train
Speeds Through the States
Affection for Miss Warren \ Strong-
Supervisors Will Arrange
With Mayor to Exact Pay
ment of Inheritance Dues
DECLARES WILL ITSELF
IS PROOF OF SANITY
ON WAY BACK
TO WASHINGTON
WILL COLLECT
UNPAID FEES
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, • TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 29, 1904.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
And every home may have one if you will say the word. A
great, roomy, easy, adjustable Morris Chair at your own terms.
A Christmas present worth having, .and you can buy it with
your pin. money. -
-It is made of solid oak. finely grained and has reversible velour
cushions of an especially high grade. We'll hold them and deliver at
your order. ' A S12 value; while they last, $".<».¦», to introduce our
two new carloads of Xmas Morris Chairs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r ' ---:.-¦ ~ ¦mmij^
SL Louis
Exposition. |
! Grand Prize.
j Highest
! . Possible
] Award
has been granted
to
Hunyadi Janos
I Natural Laxative
WatcrJVv 7 ;
WHY?V
Because it is -
the best!
A "** '" »-y ¦-* - - " • ¦ - .— A
9 '818-820 "WAWET STREET. SAW PBAIT CISCO. •
I DOUBLE DAY TO-MORRQW— WEDNESDAY !
J ; — ; — — ! ¦- 9
9 EJBBO27S. VESTS. 5
O Corded RiVbons — 7 inches wide nice Heavy weight unexcelled silk trim- •
O for making girdjes and opera bass. me€l. "tailor cut.", Special 5OC •
® Regular price S5c and $1.00 per SKIRTS. ©
q , yard. , Special .- <>5o Knitted Skirts — Various coIots. made ©
• Taffeta Slbboas — S inches wide; in extra wide. From S3c to...^l.^S ©
A all the latest shades. Worth 35c * Hemstltcliea and Embroidered Trim- 9
0 yard. Special *>(J C med silrtB — From *1.00 to. .8^.50
2 11 8ha " deS ~ o 0o Glove mSiSPSfit^fflSSS 1 material; •
• 4 inches " ' ' st?f - unsurpassed in maKe— 2
# -, x * incnes ....._oe 1Aght w^ ljErht . S p ec ial OSe*
9 HAHIKIBCHIEPS. Heavy weight, special Sl.il.">®
9 Plain HemstitcheJ and Fancy Em- MESH VEILI^OS. ©"
q . broidered Handkerchiefs. Regular A choice selection of plain and fancy 9
A 10c and 13c values. Special price. Mesa Veilings. Special #
0 each 5c 1 .*t<» and 25c 9
0 INTAHTJ" «3X HOTTSEHOU). •
9 Mercerized Lisle -Hose. -Pink. blue. DOST! SO2TT! •
a C white and black. Sale price, per Ani DOST1 9
2 Pair I .' SOc _ }|| BREAK TOX7S «
Z ; ; f>» ¦¦ O baCx a
5 BUY HOW FOE CHBISTMAS. Jf^tdjWS^^ TST1HG TO X
J ADVAWCE HOLIDAY SABCrAUTS IN S " W 'ca1p?T3 VT •
O OXT& TOY DEPAETMENT P «••?», r^f««i,^s» •
X ~ frmr— i »¦¦_ fEZli " ' t " a broom. Ta? "T
O EAHT. **?«*^aoaHtt=ry^ cut shows a high- 9
9 eaf fTTTw* tt* a cri< "^ " «» grade nickel-plated 9
9 n-«nf^« t T^t, 4- e\ , roller-bearing Sweeper; dust-proof©
2 2?Z, Decorated Chir.a Tea Set of joints, with an adjustment so Q
S «f, P if e ?- a^ c . s ? oons «" "eat box. brushes can be taken out for clean- q
9 sizellxlo. ho'JBht to sell at 60c; to ing whicn ls a great feat ure and 2
© liven trade up this week, on sale_. . one you win rea dily appreciate. %
9 — •/. • •. *5uC Come in and convince yourself of •
O jTSSc BUTCHER SHOP, 39c the merits of this Sweeper bargain. 9
© Nicely, painted two-story Butcher Sold everywhere for $3.00. Our •
• shop and residence, size 9x10% special prica 92.40©
9 inches; shop has caunter. meats. mCKEL GOODS. #
0 butcher, etc. A big thing for a Just think of it: Nickel-plated bath- <&
0° small price. On sale J»Oc room fixtures, such as — 0
q ' 3-Pronsr Towel Arms. 0
• Sl-50 COPYRIGHT PICTIOW. 81 .08. Ha^^T^blir^Holder. %
9 All the latest Copyright Fiction, ele- Stand Soap Dish. j J^
© gantly bound in cloth and published Stand Tooth Brash Holder. |»
9 at $1.50. Our price 8 1 .OS Hantrtnar Soap Dish. O
• The following are 14 big sellers: Hanjrinsr Tooth Brush Bolder. 3 O
A, The Sea Wolf.- by Jack London. _ styles. 0
0 The Undercurrent, by Robert Grant. Onl >' Each lOc 0
0 The President, by Alfred J-ewis. CXOCK DEPABTaiEKT. ©
5 God's Good Man. by Corelli. S4.J>."»— On Tuesday and Wednesday 0
2 Double Harness, by Anthony Hope. on j y . W e will sell an S-day Mantel 2
J* Black Friday, by Isham. Clock, cathedral gong, hour ana T
9 Beverly of Graustark. McCuteheon. half-hour strike. Regular $<?.5<> •
9 The Cost, by Phillips. value. At special price S4.of> ®
0 The Law of the Land, by plough. SI. 3."— The "Wasp" Alarm, one of •
0 The Eagle's Shadow, by Cabell. the b - st Alarm Clocks made. Reg- G
0 Bethany, by Thomas Watson. u i ar $1.50. Special «l.:i."» #
X, The Happy Average, by Whitloek. X
S The Masqueraders. by Thurston. Set Thuxtday'f Examtaer for Other T
5 Rulers of Kings, by Atherton. Special*. **
© , 9
9 9
0 KNIVES. RAZORS AZTD S2EAB3 G3CUJTD AUD BXPAX3ED. 0
• FZCTUKE FSAXE3 O7 ALL DESCRIPTIONS SCADE TO OKDS8» O
© ALL XXXTD3 O? ELECTRICAL WOES DOSE AND SEPAIESD. «
e©©c©©©eo©oaeo©©eett©©©©©o©©©©©©we©©©©©©Q©©©©©
¦f3&fjfjj37*^V iHk VB*>i » >ifi * \ *Jl *R % % » \ llv '4?^%^.-* * 3<^fv** "¦' I
•-¦¦'¦. ¦..'- < , ¦- ¦ •
/*$$¦¦¦ Every Home ~~
AI> VERTISEMIiNTS.
generally comes because of
troubles peculiar to women ;
these troubles come from a
cause simple in itself, but which
Beechams Piils will quickly re-
move. There are many ways
in which women suffer and
AV/@maf?'siaskaehe
is another most serious and
painful experience of many
women. Thousands of women
are taking Eeecham's Pills
period ically and find them
wonderful in relieving- the suff-
ering. Every woman should
acquaint herself with the good
these Pills can do, as
h Woman's Suffering
can be avoided by using
See special instructions to
women with each box.
Sold Everywhere
In Boxes, lOc. and 26c.
fTHINGS|pS.Ace
I I f*S° r . ' /TO BUY
k
Uetett etytes. ehtpes &ad ctrfor-
Jnes in
FIKE WRITING PAPER
In botfts.
Suitable for Christmas presents,
the box SOc.
I FINE LEATHER G30DS
PEOGT BAGS. In all rtjllnh
!*-«the:-E ani colors, 25c to $5.00.
Card Cuea and Wallet*, as low
rs OOo.
Shopping Bars, in all plain, fancy
and novt-l leather*. 2J>c up
A OCOD rOaSTAOt 1'EJJ
Js a convenience and saves time
ar.d tctcper. We carry two good
rr.ake*— Conki'n's Self-Filling Pen
and Waterman's Ideal
Pea. Prices of ConkliS's from
| M.OO ur- Waterman's Ideal,
K2J>O up.
Christmas Cards in ereat va-
riety. Prices from Oc up.
Mail orders promptly filled.
That Man Pitts.
! F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
• riety. Prices from 5c each up.
: San Francisco.
735^330 MARKET ST. ST.^Sm&r.Death Calls Educator.
CLEVELAND. Nov. 28.— Rev. Dr. J
D. .Rankln, formerly president of
Howard University, Washington. D C
died here to-day. * "'
H. E. Whitehouse and E. S. Stras
burg, conducting business as the Gold
en Gate Realty Company at 5 Fourth
street, were arrested by Detectives
Whitaker and Bell yesterday and
booked at the City Prison on two
charges of grand larceny. The com
plaining witnesses are Daniel Mack of
Jackson, Amador County, and Her
man Spilner of San Jose. Each was
looking for an investment and called
at the realty, company's • office," where
he was induced to pay $300 for. a half
interest in a stereopticon: business at
722 Market street. 7 U' is; alleged that
the representations* ma'deU were false.
Say They Were Swindled.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28.— The City
Council to-night accepted a gift deed
from the Realty Syndicate to a block
of twenty flots bounded . by Valdez,
Glascock, . Derby and Lancaster
streets, near the tidal canal and lower
Frultvale avenue, as a site for a city
hospital. The Council authorized the
Board of Public Works to call for
plans for a' hospital building to cost
not more than' $5000. .
Council Accepts Gift Deed.
DEATH OF A PIONEER.
BERLIN, Nov. 28. — Paul Schu
mann, husband of Madame Ernestine
Schumann-Heink, the opera singer,
died to-day at his home in Saxony.
BOSTON. Nov. 28.— Madame Schu
ruann-Heink received a cable message
to-day announcing; the death of her
husband at their home near Dresden.
Death was due to paralysis. Schu
mann was well known in musical
circles both in Germany and the
United . States. Madame Schumann-
Heink was to have begun an engage
ment here to-night. It is announced
that she will not appear until to-mor
row night.
Husband of the Opera Singer Dies in
Germany.
; SANTA ROSA, Nov. 28.— -News was
received here to-day of the' death in
Chicago of McDonald Elliott, a promi
nent man of thi3 city and a son of
Mrs.J. B. Elliott. *The deceased" was
a member of the well-known McDon
ald family of Santa Rosa and San
Francisco.
California.^ In 1864. in company with
the late Andrew J. Moulder and other
capitalists and mine owners, he incor
porated the first mining stock board
In San Francisco.
Death of McDonald Elliott.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland, Nov. 2S.
The following - marriage licenses were issued
by: the County Clerk to-day: • John Lawton, . 2-"J,
and Laura E.: Carl, 19, both cf Oakland; Wil
liam Haanstra, 22,' Oakland, and Augusta Elc
halr, 20. Piedmont: Louis G. Ross. 25; San Fran
cisco, and Anita E. Schneider, 24. .Jjapa; Man
uel ¦' Ferrelra, 23. West Berkeley, - and 5Mar
cuerite Enos, 20, ' San Leandro.
HAS SON ARRESTED.— Eugene Bennett
was arrested last night on a warrant sworn
to. by his mother on September 5 charging him
with vagrancy. His sister had been trailing
him and when ehe found him last night she
notified a policeman. . '
EXAMINING BOARD APPOINTED.— The
Civil S irvice Commission met last night , and
named C. B. Rode. Senator Frank Markey and
W. J. Tobin as an examining board for the ap
pointment of police patrol wagon and ambu
lance drivers. Forty places are to be filled.
MOHAWK CLUB-S NEW OFFICERS.—Ala
meda, Nov. 2*3. — Officere have been. chosen by
the Mohawk Athletic Club as follows: Presi
dent, C Leslie Klllam; vice president, Edward
Heritage; . secretary, Edward Giles: treasurer,
Adolph Lemke; sergeant-at-arms, Adolph Rea.
WHIST BENEFIT FOR ORPHANS.—Alu
meda. Nov. 28.— Rebekah Lodge-No. 107 of this
city , has planned • a whist tournament to be
held In the City Hall on the night of December
15. Fifty prizes will be awarded. The pro
ceeds will . be donated ; to the Orphans'^ Home
at Gllroy, which is conducted by the Ofld.Fel
lows. ¦
LOSES JOB. THEN KILLS HIMSELF.— W.
A. Shera committed suicide last night by tak
ing carbolic acid at his home, 131S Buchanan
Ftreet. Despondency occasioned by the loss of
his job aB a street car conductor was th« causa
of the act. . . . .
OAKLAND NEWS.
WANT TO HE POLICEMEN —Oakland, N> v
2S. — Applicants for positions on the police for*
were given examinations to-day at the. H:e-1
Srhool building, under direction of IV. B. Fa*
cett. secretary of the Board of Police and Y'.r*
Commissioners. Among tho list was Henry E.
Ka^tens. a member of President Rooseveltf
Rough Riders, and R. C Powers, who was ?a
the battleship Oregon during the SaatiaP
fight. Four applicants were negroes.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28. — Police Judge
Mortimer Smith - to-day suspended
judgment in the case of Mrs.' K. Ja
cobson, who was arrested on com
plaint of Mrs. B. Ampeard on a charge
of disturbing the peace. The women
laid claim to the same man as hus
band. His Honor intimated that Mrs.
Jacobson's condufct had Indicated. that
she was a bit irrational and. that no
good purpose could be served by send
ing her to Jail. Mrs. Jacobson had de
clared she was the contract wife of
Ampeard, who is an engineer. - The
other woman stoutly defends her. title
to lawful wedlock with the .man In
question. . .
Clivcs Woman Freedom.
A few minutes before the attempt
upon hi* life yesterday morning Judge
Hebbard decided the case of Ada Mar
tin against the Board of Education,
ordering a writ of mandate granted as
prayed. Miss Martin was principal of
the Noe Valley Primary School at a
salary of $90 a month. In October,
1697, the board removed her to the
post of assistant at the Hearst Gram
mar School at a salary of $83, which
was later reduced to $76. In Novem
ber, 1899, the board resolved that Miss
Martin had been unjustly removed,
but that she wai not entitled to back
salary. Thereupon she sued for $684
and Judgment in her favor is given for
that amount.
School Tcnchcr Wins.
RESIDENCE IS F1RKI\ — AUmeda. N>v. ?*.
What la thought to have Nwn an inc*ndiary at
tempt to destroy the residence at tt»4 Broad
way, owned by Mrs. Fllsabetb Buckley, was
made last night. The flames w?n» discovered
and extinguished beforo they had <a.n»- 1 hpai!
way. An Inspection of the premise* by De
tective George Crown resulted in th» finding o?
a bottle that had contained i-oal oil. It had
evidently been u*<m1 lr» starting th» blase. TJi«
residence is unoccupied and is Insured for
$2tl>0. The damage t» nominal.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28. — Congress
man-elect Juliugi Kah'n will lecture on
"Life in Washington" at the syna
gogue of the. First Hebrew Congrega
tion of Oakland to-morrow evening.
The lecture will be given under the
auspices of Oakland Lodge No. 252,'
I. O. B. B. Many grand officers will
attend. Sol Kahn, president of the
local lodge, will preside at the meet
ing.
Lecture by , Julius Knlin.
A mother, 75 years old, seriously ill
and dependent upon, the charity of
friends for subsistence, complains in
the courts that she has appealed in
vain to her daughter for comfort and
support. Th£ suit was filed yesterday
by Lavinia Bruning against Dora Brun
ing Bohlken. The plaintiff says that she
is about to become a public charge,
while her daughter has a station in
life and property in. her own name
sufficient to warrant her in keeping
her old mother from want. She asks
the court to compel Mrs. Bohlken to
pay her $25 a week. Walter C. Stev
ens and Alexander & Church are her
attorneys. : •;
Sues Daughter for Support.
SCIIUMANN-HEINK A WIDOW.
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 28. — Rev.
Dr. William Paxton of Princeton Uni
versity and Seminary died at his home
to-day after a two w.eeks' illness. J_)r.
Paxton was in his eighty-first year and
his death was the result of a paralytic
stroke caused by overexcitement.
With his family he attended the Yale-
Princeton football game on November
12 and manifested great interest in
the contest, but was taken sick soon
after his return home. He gradually
improved until Friday mid hopes for
his recovery were expressed, but a re
lapse weakened him and resulted in
his death to-day.
Dr. Paxton was the oldest living
trustee of Princeton. Until 1896 he
was professor of ecclesiastical, homi
letical and pastoral theology at Prince
ton Seminary and also was president
of tho faculty of\that institution when
he resigned. He was moderator of the
Presbyterian General Assembly at
Madison. Wis., in 18 SO and had since
been prominent in affairs of" his
church.
Aged Princeton Professor Die s After
Witnessing Football Game.
EXCITEMENT PROVES FATAIi.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2S. — The funeral
of Theodore F. Jerome, who died Sat
urady at his home, 122 6 Broadway,
where he had lived for more than six
teen years, was held to-day at 10
o'clock, the remains being incinerated
at the Oakland Crematory. Mr.
Jerome was a native of New York
State and came to California in. 1849.
He was 90 years of age. He was the
father of the late E. B. Jerome, for
many years in the San Francisco Cus
tom-house.
NILES, Nov. 28. — The funeral of
Joseph Tyson, a pioneer fruit-grower
of Niles, who died at his home Satur
day evening, was held to-day from
the family home. The remains were
interred at Irvington. Deceased was
45 years of age. and leaves a wife,
three children, a mother and several
brothers and sisters. The funeral was
held under the auspices of Niles
Lodge, I. O. O. F., of which Mr. Ty
son was a charter member.
Borne to Final Rest.
In 1901 the company gave % Wemp!e
a note for $S6.679, with the land as
eccurity for that and other advances
not to exceed $35,000. Six notes cover
in the la\ter sum were given between
September, 1901, and March, 1902.
The plaintiff alleges that three of the
directors in the oil company w«»re in
terested in the notes and that their ac
tions were without authority. He also
contends that the directors cannot be
induced to bring a suit to >top the
forecloeure because they are under the
control of Wemple.
A suit to set aside a mortgage on
twenty acres of land in Kern County,
belonging to the Mercedes Oil and De
velopment Company, was begun in the
Superior Court yesterday by A. R.
Tartvater, one of the oil company's
Etockholders. He represents -that the
property is worth about $100,000 and
that the notes secured by it amount
to $170,000, but he questions the au
thority of those who gave • the mort
gage. The action is directed against
the oil company, the Continental In
vestment Company, to which the
mortgage was assigned, E. L. Wemple,
T. f P. Sniers, Matthew Arnold and
Homer Wilson.
Stockholder Says Lzyid Was Giien as
Security for Heavy Notes With
out Authority. '
Similar allegations are made against
J. E. Field and M. W. Zuckerman, do
ing business as the Franco-American
Mercantile Company, and against the
Peerless Industrial Company of Wash
ington, D. C, which has been acting
as treasurer for the "mercantile"
company. In this case Hobson rep
resents seven contract holders and it
is alleged that there are more than
2000 contracts outstanding, upon
which the company has received more
than $60,000. It is charged that about
$30,000 of the Bum has been wrongful
ly converted by the - officers of the
company.
Contract Holders Go to Superior Court
in Effort to Get Their Money.
Back.
Two more get-rich-quick concerns
w"ere yesterday made the objects of
attack by H. F. Hobson. who has
heretofore haled a number of others
into the Superior Court. Representing
twenty-one contract holders, he sues
for the recovery of $45,000. collected
on about 1500 contracts by the Bene
ficial Bond and Security Company. He
also asks for the appointment of a
receiver for the company's assets,
books and records. He alleges that
the business is illegal and fraudulent
and that a large amount of the funds
collected has been misappropriated
by the officers of the concern for their
personal use.
Among other things we are working' for bet
ter sanitary conditions in factories and mines
and for snorter hours of labor, because we
want the workingman to 'enjoy come of the
benefits of modern culture.' Sometimes we aro
driven to strike to secure .that to which we
aspire. We do not defend this course, but we
do affirm, with President Hadley of Yale, that
strikes and boycots do good by reminding capi
tal that there is something else besides money
to be considered in these labor questions.
F. K. Foster of Printers' Union
Delivers Interesting Address to
University Students.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28. — F. K.
Foster, a delegate to the American
Federation of Labor from the Interna
tional Typographical Union, addressed
the convention of the College of Com
merce at the University of California
to-day, taking as his subject the "La
bor Problem of the Present Day."
Foster was presented by Professor A.
C. Miller of the College of Commerce,
and said:
We, protest against the idea that we desire
to become Isolated from society, for we. are
working for the betterment of the laboring
man. for the uplifting of the workingman. If
any one wishes to fight us we will fight to de
fend our rights, but if justly dealt with we will
be just.
SEEKS TO AXXUL OIL
COMPANY'S MORTGAGE
TWO XEW SUITS AGAINST
GET-RIC— QUICK CONCERNS
TYPOGRAPHICAL LEADER
TALKS OX LABOR PROBLEM
In the letter to his sisters occurs the
following paragraph, showing that he
was a spiritualist: " < • v
I have sen mother and father and George
since I came to this determination and I will
soon join them.
It is hard to give up life so far away from
home, but I hav* considered the matter well
and decided It is the only thing to do under
the circumstances. I exrect to die on old
ocean as I have my poison ready now but
wanted to finish all I could do here first.
I. Hall Smith, traveling salesman for
a sewing machine company, took his
life on Sunday evening by swallowing
strychnine in his berth on board the
steamer Pomona while the vessel was
bound from Eureka to San Francisco.
According to letters found on his per
son and written before he left Arcata,
he had been a defaulter In the sum of
$150 or $175 to his employer, W. J. Dur
ham, and had lost the money by gam
bling. He leaves a wife in Arkansas
City, Kans., and two sisters in Vin
cennes, Ind.
In a letter to his wife he says:
Gambling Leads Him to Embezzle
From His Employer and He
Becomes Discouraged.
TRAVELING HAN TAKES
POISON* ON THE OCEAN
Schumacher was arrested for steal
ing hardware frorn, the Dunham-Car
rigan-Hayden Company, by whom he
had been employed. To the police the
young man said he had been induced
to become a thief by Sparber's offer
t-> take all the plunder brought to him.
Sparber's place was searched and a
quantity of goods claimed by the com
pany was found by the police. Spar
ber was released on $2000 bonds.
OAKLAND, Nov. 28. — Henry Spar
ber, a hardware dealer at 84 7 Broad
v/ay, was arrested to-day on "a\charge
of receiving stolen goods. E. D.
Schumacher, residing at 66 Elgin
Park, San Francisco, accuses Sparber.
Pilferer of Hardware Accuses Man to
Whom He Sold Plunder With
Knowledge of Thefts.
CHARGES .MERCHANT WITH
CONDUCTING A "FENCE'
. News has been received of the death
in Switzerland of Henry Frederick
Teschemacher, whose name is closely
linked with the early history of San
Francisco. In the old days he held the
office first as president of the Board of
Supervisors, and when the consolida
tion act went into effect in 1S62 was
elected the first Mayor of San Fran
cisco. *
Henry F. Teschemacher came to Cal
ifornia on one of his father's vessels in
July, 1S42, when 20 years of age. He was
naturally enthusiastic and soon forced
his way to the front. His abilities were
recognized by all, and after serving
faithfully as president of the Board of
Supervisors he was chosen Mdyor in
1862, being known as the "war Mayor,"
as he held office during the Civil War.
Mr. Teschemacher was the oldest
member of the Paeiflc-Union^Club and
was a charter member of the old Union
Club, formed in 1856. He -was also a
member of Oriental Lodge No. 144, F.
and A. M., and of the California His
torical Sdciety. For many years Mr.
Teschemacher and his wife resided in
Europe. Mrs. Teschemacher died in
Switzerland about a year ago. One son,
Hubert, who was with his father at the
time of his death, survives them.-
ing for envelopes from the university
recorder's office.
The Occident Magazine, a conserva
tive weekly publication edited by sen
iors, prints to-day a leading editorial
advocating the placing of students on
the faculty students" affairs committee,
so that the present "strained rela
tions" which, the magazine says, exist
between the student body and the fac
ulty may be changed for more cordial
feelings. It was the students' affairs
committee that recommended the dis
missal from college of Editor Hale. The
Occident intimates that the commit
tee's action is resented by the students
and has caused "strained relations."
The editorial in question is, in part, as
follows: \
If we had a committee chosen from the stu
dent body to represent it, working in co-op
eration with the students' affairs committee,
there could never be any danger that the lat
ter would act without a full understanding
and sympathy for undergraduate ideas and
ideals. We do not say that this committee has
ever acted :n such a way. but It cannot be
denied that the student body has frequently
expressed antagonism toward those judging It.
This antagonism is unfortunate, for, as was
said in our ftm Jrsue this term. It "weakens
the university." Everything should be ¦ done
to kill it. -That' would strengthen the univer
sity.
We ar- convinced that if the undergrad
uates felt that they had a share in judging
their cwn acts, that the Judges were subject
to their own Judgment, then such antagonism
would be stamped out and the present strained
relations Bucceeded by the bond of amity that
can come enly through co-operation. There
fore this proposal to have a unity between fac
ulty and students should be considered. It Is
part and parcel of senior control. We believe
that the one will make the other effective and
both will obtain beneficial rerults which neither
could offer alone.
FIRST MAYOR
OF THIS CITY
DIES ABROAD
Floor committee — M, N. Hennln^s. \\~.
Blakely, George Webster, Matthew McKeirnan
and John O" Byrne.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2S. — Martin P.
Higglns, president of the International
Pressmen's Union, addressed the mem
bers of the local union at a "high
jinks" held Saturday night at Gier's
Hall. The international president was
welcomed by President Louis Schuler
of the local organization. At the close
of the speaking refreshments were
served. The Jinks was in charge of
H. U. Brany, secretary of the local
union; Charles Knist, Louis Schuler,
Theodore Zingle and David Wiley.
The members of the Oakland Gas
Workers' Union will give their first
annual ball on Wednesday evening,
December 7. Elaborate preparations
are being made for the affair and a
large attendance is expected.- The
ball will be in charge of the following
committees:
Committee of arrangements — John Forrest
(chairman), M. N. Mannings. J. McNeil. J.
McCrudden, Walter Bitkely, George Webster
and Harry O. Merlthew.
Reception committee — J. Forrest, Daniel P.
McCarthy, John Kearney, William Brltton,
Thomas L« Fort, Louis Hoffman Jr. and H.
O.. Merlthew.
Floor manager — John McCrudden.
Assistant floor manager — J. McNeil.
Oakland Gas Workers to Give .Their
First Annual Ball on
December 7.
PKESSJ1EX GREET THEIR
INTERNATIONAL PRESIDENT
Captain Nance Submits Second Report
Regarding Students' Riot on Campus.
President Wheeler declines to be in
terviewed. He took the same action
vhen the report regarding the forty
ei?ht seniors was sent to him by
Nance. In that case the president im
mediately sent out notices to the men
informing them of their fate. It is
supposed that be will take similar ac
tion now, 50 the thirteen men ar£ loo&-
Captaini'J. T. Nance to-day filed
his report with President Wheeler on
the cases of thirteen seniors wiio are
alleged to have taken part in the riot
on the campus a few weeks ago. These
thirteen men are supposed to have fail
ed to give Sfonce satisfactory explana
tion of their actions during the riot, as
their names were kept by Nance for
further investigation after he had re
ported in the cases of forty-eight sen
iors recommending that the forty-
be placed on probation.
No information was vouchsafed by
Captain Nance to-day in answer to
querirs from the anxious men whose
fate hangs in the balance. Many of
the rr.en fear that Editor Hale's sus
pension for a year is likely to be dupli
cated in their own cases. Captain
Nance refuses to calm their fears. He
has paeeed the matter up to President
Wheeler, who received the report this
morning.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2145 Onter Street. Nov. 28.
SENIORS EXPECT TO HEAR THAT
MORE ARE SUSPENDED.
Attorneys Allen and Walsh are
handling the estate, and a request in
the will directs Mrs. Moffitt to consult
With William J. Dingee. Charles D.
Pierce and Thomas H. Williams for
advice, as they were personal friends
of deceased.
morning that the taxes on the prop
erty .had not been paid, and that as
this was the last day she did not wish
them to go delinquent. Other matters
.concerning the estate also made it ad
visable . that seme one with power to
act take the management of it.
The will was made on July 17, 1902,
in which the following bequests were
mode: To his sisters. Mary, Maggie,
Emma ind Nellie, he leaves the inter
est on $40,000, to be so invested that
they will get the income monthly; to
his son, Jefferson G. Moffitt, a lad 17
years of age, he leaves $40,000, he to
get ihe interest when he is 25 and the
principal when he is 30; to his widow,
he leaves $70,000 as she may select from
his estate.
He says that at that time his estate
was worth $170,000, and he leaves the
residue to his wife in trust for their
son, and the boy is also to get the prin
cipal of the $40,000 at the death of his
aunts.
Special letters of administration were
granted to Mrs. Augusta L. Moffitt
upon the estate of the late Frank J.
Moffitt,' her husband, to-day, and the
will was made known. Two years
ago, when the will • .was made,
the property was valued at $170,000, but
since then it has been increased until
it is believed to be worth ne'arly $250, -
000. In asking for the special letters
Mrs.* Moffitt stated to Judge Hall this
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 28.
A final decree of divorce was granted
Minnie E. Ecker to-day from George L.
Ecker, a drummer, on the ground of
cruelty. She alleges he sprayed her
with whitewash. She also savs he
squandered $26,000 of her money.
¦ Suit' for divorce was begun to-day by
George M. Woodside' against Nellie L.
Woodside on the ground of desertion.
They were married in Phoenix, Ariz.,
in 1895.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Mabel J. McKillican, wife of* Leslie R.
McKillican, former deputy County
Clerk and more recently a guard at San
Quentin prison, on the ground of. de
sertion. She was formerly Mabel J.
Shoo, and her father is reputed, to be
wealthy. •
j The pair were supposed to be living
happily together, but since. McKillican
has been absent at San Quentin the
statutory period of a' year has elapsed
and has given the wife her grounds for
complaint. The papers' were filed by
Attorney Hart H. at 1 o'clock,
and at 2 o'clock the. hearing was taken
up by Judge Ellsworth, but was aft
erward continued until Wednesday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. " " 1016 Broadway, Nov. 28.
Grove-street School, $28,000; F. D.
Voorhies, Oakland and San Francisco.
New building at Shattuck avenue
and Sixtieth atreet, $72,000; Sutton &
"Weeks.
Grant School, addition, $31,000; Stone
& Smith.
Lafayette School, addition, $33,000; F.
D. Voorhies. . ,;V»
These were the recommendations of
the committee on schoolhouses and
sites, composed of Directors Isaacs,
Hathaway and Randolph. The board
unanimously adopted them.
- In reporting 'on. the awards the com
mittee made note of the employment
of H. S. Schwatka as an expert, who
passed favorably upon the estimates
and the methods of construction which
were submitted by the competing arch
itects. There was also a special com
mittee on sanitation that made a criti
cal examination of the plans and re
ported that those chosen were well ar
ranged. This committee consisted of
J. W. McClymonds. Superintendent of
Schools; Dr. Dressier of the University
of 'California, J. P. Garlick, principal
of the Lincoln School; J. F. Chandler,
principal of the Franklin School; I. D.
Martin, principal of the Grant School;
Charles E. Keyes, principal of the La
fayette School; C. F. Gultck, principal
of the Prescott School; C. El Pugh,
principal or the Washington School,
and Miss M. M. Campbell, principal of
the Grove-street School.
The committee on schoolhouses and
sites. reported that % the .construction Is
to be- fireproof so -far as is possible
within the estimates. In awarding the
plans the board reserved the right to
rnake minor changes.
The first' school erected will be the
new Franklin. School in East Oakland.
The structure in use is a makeshift, re
built from a partly burned building.
The board will call for bids as soon
as legal requirements can be met. It
is hoped that the new buildings will
all be completed within two years.
New building at Thirty-ninth and
Market streets, $72,000; Soderberg &
Dickey, Oakland.
The Board "of 'Education to-night
made the following awards in the com
petition of architects on plans for new
school buildings in this city:
Lincoln School. $145,000; Sutton &
Weeks, San .Francisco.
Franklin School, $145,000; Stone &
Smith, San Francisco. .-,
Pcescott School, $145,000; Bliss & Fa
ville, San Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
" : 1016 Broadway, Nov. 28.
Engineer Hunt, the company's rep
resentative, was graduated in 1879
from the United States Naval Acad
emy at Annapolis. After s'ervice in
the navy he came to San Francisco
twelve years ago. He laid out the
Midwinter Fair grounds, reconstructed
the Los Angeles street railway sys
tem, was constructing engineer of the
Independent Electric Light Company's
plant in San Francisco and has had
charge of the. construction of a num
ber of power plants in the Sierra Ne
vada Mountains. General Manager
Beal informed the Council that Engi
neer Hunt is not and never has been
in the employ of the Bay Cities Com
pany.
On motion of Councilman John L.
Howard this amendment was unani
mously accepted b>\ the Council.
The Bay Cities Water Company an
nounced to-night to the City Council
that it had chosen A. M. Hunt, a civil
engineer of San Francisco, to repre
sent the company on the board of, en
gineers that will examine the prop
erties of the corporation with rela
tion to its proposal to install a munici
pal water supply for Oakland. City
Engineer F. C. Turner has been named
for the city. These engineers will con
fer at once to name a third member
of the board and it is expected the trio
will begin its investigations very
soon. Attorney R. M. Fitzgerald, rep
resenting the Bay Cities Water Com
pany, submitted to the Council an
amendment to the original proposi
tion, which, he explained, succinctly
covers the matter of the engineers' re
port.
The revised tender, a communica
tion signed by C. N. Beal, the com
pany's general manager, provides that
a favorable report by the engineers
does not necessarily bind the city to
submit a bonding scheme to the voters.
But if the reDort shall be favorable
and the city does not call a bond elec
tion the city must pay all of the ex
penses of the commission. If the report
be unfavorable the Bay Cities Company
shall pay the expenses. If the report
be favorable and an election shall be
called the expenses shall be divided
equally between the city and the com
pany.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Nov. 28.
Kellogg explains that he returned
when he learned that his young wife,
to whom he has been married about a
year, was seriously ill. A child was
born to him two weeks after he dicap-
BERKELEY. Nov. 28.-Oliver M. Kel
logg, the young postofflce clerk who de
faulted and disappeared from Berkeley
on October 18 *,o-day Informed the po
lice authorities and Postmaster Schmidt
that he had been in this city for nearly
six weeks in hiding. He announced
that he would make good a'" the money
he had taken, amounting to several
hundred dollars, and would not seek to
avoid arrest If a warrant was sworn
out against him.
Kellogg says he will continue to live
in' Berkeley, try to meet all his obliga
tions and convince people that in tak
ing the postofllce money he was merely
rash, and not criminally Inclined.
peared from Berkeley, and his wife was
not expected to live, according to re
ports he received from home. The con
science stricken embezzler, who had
been spending: the funds he took from
the Dostoffice for hotel bills, bought a
ticket to Berkeley and gave his atten
tion to the sick wife he had deserted.
She hovered between life and death for
a month, and Kellogg nursed her him
self. None knew that he had returned
until to-day, when Kellogg came out
Into the light and showed himself.
Same to s>ame. beginning at point distant
€6:8 NW from S boundary, line of tot IS, twin?
also distant 160 SW from center \ln* of Pano
ramic way. etc.. thence- SE ««;?. SW 150. NW
ICO. E l.V> to beginning, porlion of lot 1-5, wm»
map. Berkeley: gift.
Sarah S. and Arthur F. Barber 'executor*
estate of Arthur S. Barber> to J. B. Chjmo
weth. lot on S line of Santa Clara avnuo.
140:2 E of Broadway. E RO. S 16»:«. W 5i>.
NE 16T>:6. portion Hay» and Caperton Tract.
Alameda; ?14r.O.
Patrick O'Farrell (or Patrick O. Farrein «nd
Elizabeth O. Farrell (or O'Farreli) to Mary
O'Farrell (single) lot on W line of Elsfhrh
street. 175 S of university avenue. 9 S2 by W
135. portion of lots ft and 8. block 97, Sistema
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Frank N. and Anna C. Greeley t» Georg*
H Derrick lot on 8 line ef Stuart street.
401:7 W of Regent (Manoa). E ISO S 135. \V
176. N 134;9 lots 1. 2. 3 and portion ef trts
4 and 5. blocij T. Leonard Tract. "Berkeley:- $10.
' Perry T. and Xora A. Tompkins to P. A.
Wagner, lot on SE corner of Arch street and
Glen avenue. S 5O by E 110. "lot 24. block C.
Hopkins Terrace. Berkeley; also lot on 9. Una
of Glen avenue. 110 E of Arch street. S 50 by
E 40. portion of Kit 10, blrek C. rftar* of Hnp
klns Terrare No. 2, etc., Berkeley: $10.
George W. Allen to Carrie E. Allen fw!f.?\
beginning at a point In center Hn^ cf Pano
ramic way. distant 130 SE from stake 54 in
said Panoramic way thence S 16"\ SE tCNX
NE ltW> N%V 10«» tn b^rinnir.g. p<>TtiTn' of 'ot
16 map of University Terrace. Berkeley; gift.
M. J. Keller & Co. (a corporation) to S. J.
Hill, lot on N line of Forty -sixth street. ISO
E of Linden. E 100 by N 250. block 2U4, Aldea
Tract. Oakland: $12C0.
Mrs. Ellen Keller to IS. 3. Keller & Co. (a
corporation), same. Oakland, quitclaim Uwl;
$10.
S. J. and Susanna Hill to J. F. .Poarcb. lot oa
N line at Forty-sixth street. 25V» E of Linden.
X 10O by W 4O, portion lots 7 ami 8. block;
2114. Alden Tract at Temescal. Oakland: S10.
Plymouth-avenue Church of Oakland (a cor
poration) to Board of Mission* of XI. j K.
Church South (a corporation), lots. 51 to .$>,
Pariflc Theological Seminary Tract. Oakland;
$6000. ' ¦ • „
Lucretla White (widow) to Hans C. Rasmus
vn, Jot 2 subdivision 17. map subdivision 17,
Glen Echo Tract. Oakland! 810.
Charlottle E. Haxisen (wife of John Chris
tian) to Henry A. Cock, lot on W line of Wil
low street. 104 N of Lincoln, N 31 by W 95.
portion lots 14 and ISs Mock B. Oakland Polr.t
Homestead Tract. Oakland; $10.
Lucius A and Julia D. Booth to Luita Booth
Sherman «wlfe of P. L-). 3.416 acres, begin
ning at stake on W line of Hope avenue (now
Hazel lane or avenue) at Intersection of boun'l
arv line between lots 9 and 12. thence ?» w 47:J.
SW 61S 14. BE 83 XET 01. 63. SE 10O, NE
.V58.5O, to beginning; being lot 12. plat F, Pied
mont Park Oakland Heights. Oakland Town
ship: $10. \ . .
Osgood Putnam (widower* to Joseph J. Ma
»on. lot on SE corner of Ward street and Mr-
Gee avenue. S 135 by E 120. lot C. block 4.
State University Homestead No. 3. Berkeley :
$10.
Peter and Amanda Schrensen to Wllllani
Hunter lot on S line of Sherman- street, et-..
distant' &4.C2 W of Twenty-fifth avenue, W
34.50. S 76.03. E 2ff.ll. N 0.V49. portion lots
3 and 4. P"w and Thomas Tract, Brooklyrj
Township: $10.
Daniel P. and Rose Frances Durst (by M. H.
Durst, their attorney) to T. J. Hutttnann. lots
242 to 24». FrultvaU Addition Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
11. amended map liarfc-it Tract Alameda:
$10.
\V. F. Kroll et al. fj J. B. Earte. all Inter
eat »n lot on W Un» of Maatick Court. 10O S
of Railrcad avenue. 3 125 by W 74. subject
to all Hen.*, Alameda: $40.
Jennie Wafer (widow) to Dlna Buczl (wlf»
of Julius), lot on SW corner of Linden and
Fourteenth struts, 8 S3 by W 107. -block 572.
Boardman's map. Oakland; $10.
9. H. Williams to Louise Wilkinson (wire of
Joseph B ). lot on E line- of Masnolia street.
1O3 N' of Fourteenth, X 85 by E 12S:3. Oak
land; $10.
Th» Realty Syndicate (a corporation) to J.
W. Albright. NE 5 feet of lot 3. block B,
Thermal 11111 formerly Howe Tract, Oakland;
110.
Savings and Loan Society to G«org» Ster
ling, let 2« and SW 5 feet of lot 25. block K.
same. Oakland: $3-80.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to Carl Doe!!,
same. Oakland: IKK
Eila C. and Georgo Albert Dicker»on to>
Carrie B. Mocn. lot on NW line of Fifth av»
nue. 60 NE of East Tenth street. NE 23 by
NW 113, block 22, Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
John Henry (or John H.) and Luella Lansr*
to A. P. Amand, lot on SW liq* of East Twea
ty-«lxth street. 117:6 SK of nineteenth av»«
nue. SE 30 by SW 140. block 84. Newman Ad
dition to Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10.
James K. Smith to Mary A. Smith «wlfe»,
lot beginning at point in center of Ru&k-U
street. 292:8 E of Ralston and 40 a from X
N line of Russell. N ITS. E 130, SB 176.2. W
117.20 to berlnnlnr. excn>tin« portion of said
land dedicated ?or use as public «treet3.
Berkeley; gift.
Ellen M. Quln to Amo* J. Brother*, lot oa
X Une of A.ihby avenue. 6O E of Lorin»
street E SO by N 10. Dortlon of lot 2, block
D. Adeline Tract, quitclaim de«>d. Berkeley: $3.
Charles R. or Charles Rudolph Klrchner to
C. August Welh*, lot 14, Elmhurst Park,
Brooklyn Township: $1.
San Francisco Savin jrs Union to H. H. Gwt-
Jsn, lot on S Una of San Antonio avenue^ .Z'A
W of Lafayette stie*i. W 4u by S 13*>. block
Rudolph Antone Peter and Ma« Xledt (wir«>
to Manuel F. Dutra. lot oa N* Una of Sixty
second street, 110 E of Tenth, E 50, N 135 :«,
W 50, s 133:75, lot 16, block D, Klinknarviil*
tract. Oakland: $10.
A. B. Goff to Kila. M. Goff (wife), lot be
rtnninr at point on X Una of plat 363, 288: (J S
from U" lias of ou; t plat. E 10t> by S SO, lot
14. mas plat 303, Oakland: gift.
driest C. and Maud I* Baker to diarlea and
Christina Sfon»on, lot on SW Una of 8aaft*r
avenue, 100 SW of Avon stre«t. SW 60 by .NW
121:6. lot 31, block B. map of blocks A. B arid
C. Vernoa Park. Oakland; $10.
Luther A. (or L. A.) Teague to Mary 3.
Teastue (wife", lot on S line o( Sixteenth »tre«t
(Butler av«nu >, 100 E of Idaho, and extending
along said S Une cf Sixteenth atreet S3 feet.
S 13U. W a.;. N 130. portion of lot 3. block i»
amended map Butler tract, Oakland: g:iz.
Rod XV. and Mattie church to the Real Es
tate Security Company, lot on S line of Twea
ty-fourth street. 150 E of Linden. E 25 by 4
107:6. portion of lots 19 and -*>. block H. map
of survey of Northern extension, etc. Oak
land: $lv.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 2S.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
City Will Not Be Forced to
Submit Bond Scheme Even
if, Committee; Approves
Experts Submit Favorable
Opinions Upon the Draw
ings That Were Selected
Receiyes Remainder of the
Estate, Which It Is Be
lieved Runs to §250,000
Woman Freed From 3Ian
Who - Sprayed Her With
Whitewash and Spent Cash
REPORT WILL NOT BIND
Postal Clerk Who Took Small Sum
Will Surrender Himself.
ACCEPTS EIGHT DESIGNS
SON GETS LARGE SHAKE
HE IS AT < SAN QUENTIN
KELLOGG WRITES POLICE
Board of Education Adopts
Report as to Competition
for New School Buildings
Leaves His Widow §70,000
and His Four . Sisters
the Interest on $40,000
Two Engineers Appointed
and Another to Be Named
to Investigate Properties
Spouse of L. E. McKilhcan,
Prison Guard, Asks Di
vorce, Charging Desertion
EMBEZZLER READY TO
FACE JUSTICE.
MOFFITT'S WILL
IS MADE KNOWN
PLAN OAKLAND
WATER SUPPLY
AWARDS PLANS
TO ARCHITECTS
WIFE IS WEARY
OF LIFE AL0NE
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, -TUESDAY,. NOVEMBER 29. 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
GIVE MANDOLIN MUSICALK.— The pupils
of Samuel Adelsteln gave an elaborate mando
lin muelcale last night at Native; Sons' -Hall,
assisted by Mies -Helen Heath and Amon Cain.
The audience wm a large -one and many, en
cores attested tin appreciation of the perform
ance. HMMHflMifessgg^v''. ' •^;^ i * '^ksStefisaaaB
STOCKTON. Nov. 28. — William Vk.
Clary, aged 83 years, one of the best
known mining men In California, died
at his residence last night. The^ de
ceased.; who enme to California in
U50. built the first mining ditch in
Viscount Ridley Passes Away.
LONDON. Nov. 28. — Matthew'
White Ridley, Viscount Ridley, for*
merly Secretary of State for the Home
Department, died suddenly to-day of
heart failure while asleep at Btagdon,
his se*at In Northumberland. He was
born in 1842.
6
_^ ADVEKTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
'- — — s — I Positively cured bT
I* A DTT DC these Idttle PHI*
vnl\ I L >\O They a* 30 relIeT0 B>
SSEI ....V. tress frona Dyspepsia. >
=?S" 1TTLE digestion and Too E&&
W ll/iTD Eating; A perfect rcD-
i^; libli efiy for Dizziness. XaaR*.
I' PILLS DroTTslaess. E-*i Tai'o
Jg EM l^ the Mouth. Coa-4
m 2£%§i Tnnsr.e. Pain In tie Stf?.
[i^— MM l T1 % TT p TT » ijvek. Ti£7
regulate toe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL ml
CARTERSl CURE S1CK B£AMAUl£ '~"
Brittle Genuine Must Bear
jjlVER Fac-#mile Signattrt
"I would not be afflicted as I was four
months ago for the best farm in the
State of Arkansas.. I can give proof
and reference of the wonderful cure to
all who are afflicted as I was. Please
publish my letter that I may advise the
afflicted." W. E. Wallis, Piggot. Ark.,
box 26.
The experience of Mr. Wallis *ls that
Cf thousands of others who suffer for
rears with the most painful forms of
liemorrhoids . or piles, and after trying
everything they hear of give up all hope
ef a cure and look for temporary relief
only. To all euch a little book published
by Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.,
brings grlad tidings, as it tells all about
the cause and cure of piles and is sent
free for the askinff.!3gQSBgM«!M
"I saw so much in the papers about
the wonderful cures effected by Pyra-
mid Pile Cure I determined to give it
a trial. I bought from my druggist one
EO-eent box and used it as directed, and
by the time I had used the last 'pyra-
mid' I v.as entirely cured; *n four days
after I began to use the "pyramids' all
inflammation was gone. I was perfect-
ly easv all the time, the excessive dis-
charge stopped at once and stools be-
came easy and gentle. . .
"I was unable to get my own firewood
for four months, and half the time
when I could walk at all I had to walk
half-bent. I used many pile remedies.
'ealves and ointments, all to no effect
until I used one 60-cent box of Pyramid
Pile Cure and was cured.
NOT FOR BEST FARM
In the State.
ADYEItTISOIKNTS.
BBAffGH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
SI 48 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALiAMEDA.
1433 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.COLUMBIA PARK BOYS WHO
WILL GIVE AX ENTERTAIN
MENT IN THE ALHAMBRA.
TEMPORARY CUSTODY.— After hearing
the preliminaries In the application of Mrs.
Cynthia Markle for guardianship over her
grandchildren, Cynthia and Sybil • Drown.
Judce Graham continued the case until Jan
uary 6. until which time the grandmother
shall have custody . of the grlrls. Lavina.
Brown, the mother, opposes the . application.
It appears that Mrs. Brown- more than a year
ago obtained iyi , Interlocutory • decree of di
vorce from her husband, but has | gone to live
with him again. .It Is alleged that they have
mistreated the little ones.
Supervisor d'Ancona Is in receipt of
an offer. to sell' a tract of land. in San
Mateo County for a city cemetery for
$190 per acre. D'Ancona believes • that
the city will soon be able to purchase
a, cemetery of Its own at a reasonable
figure ' and -the joint Finance and.Hos
pital Committee will, meet shortly to
consider offers for the purpose
described.
Would Sell City n Cemetery Site.
At 8 o'clock this evening the school
committee of the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art will begin its Investiga
tion of the charges of hazing brought
against several art students by youngr
Albert de Rome, who alleges he was
seriously injured as a result of such
practices. The investigation ' was to
have opened yesterday 'morning, but
owing t<? the unavoidable absence of
one of the members of the committee
it was decided, to postpone .the hear
ing until this evening. .
Will Hear Ilazcrs To-Xlght.
This is the number of the great shoe
sale that starts Thursday morning.
The 'building is to.be torn down and
we must move. This stock of ladies' and
men's shoes must be disposed of at once.
Numbers of clerk* are now busy mark-
Ing down the shoes, and by Thursday
everything will be ready. Tables will
be loaded for bargain hunters. 717 Mar
ket street, near Third.. •
717 Market Street.
The heaviest creditors of the West
Coast Rubber .Company yesterday
filed proofs of their claims in the Su
perior Court, The '• claim of ' George
Fredricks, former president of the
concern, aggregates $29,525 45, which
is* in excess of the statement made by
the company in its petition in- insol
vency. Fredricks puts in an Item of
$2100, asj. salary for twenty T one
months' service as president and he
holds $685 94 , in, assigned claims, .In
addition to promissory, notes aggre
gating $23,630. The claim of the Ital
ian-American Bank IsC for". $10,000,
and of Bennett & Gpodall Company for
$24,077 60^ The , Voorhees . Rubber
Manufacturing. Company's bill isjifor
$9074 93' for. goods supplied."
Rubber Company Creditors.
Life Insurance Men
Should read the analysis of the New
York Life financial methods In November
number of the Era Magazine. Ten cents.
All news stands. •
Gustave Scherf, under Indictment
for the murder of Rudolph Schultz,
applied to United States Circuit Judge
Morrow yesterday for a writ of habeas
corpus, but it was denied. He then
filed notice of appeal to the 'United
States Supreme Court.
The trial of Scherf had been set be
fore a Jury in Judge Lawlor's part of
the Superior Court yesterday morning,
but Attorney Murphy appeared and
informed- the Judge of the proceedings
In the Federal Circuit Court. He ar
gued that those proceedings would
put a stop to. the trial till the appeal
to the United States Supreme Court
had been decided. The jurors were
excused and the Judge put the case
over till Saturday morning for de
cision on the point raised by Murphy.'
Tills Denied, He Takes an Appeal to
the Supreme Court of the ft
United States.
GUSTAVE SCIIERF Sau^KS
AID OF FEDERAL JUDGES
BON TO SUE FOR SHARE. — Annie E.
Erown yesterday applied for letters of guar
fi!an*h!p ovw John A. Brown, age 16. for the
purpose cf prosecuting his claim against the
«¦••£•» of bis deceased father. Edward Browru
TO DISSOLVE PARTNERSHIP.— Edward
T. Rltter. by his wife and guardian, yesterday
sued for a dissolution of the partnership oC
Rltter Eros. In the fuel and transfer business.
Edward Ritter became afflicted with mental
trouble last June and It 19 alleged that slnc«
then the brother. Gustave. has refused to tors
over any of th« profits of the business.
LAKH COUNTY COMPANIES.— Articles of
incorporation of four .companies were filed
¦with the County Clerk yesterday by the same
lncorporators — A. M. Halnes. James K.
Burch. Franklin Bowrlnjr. Fred L. Berry and
H. M. Carquerville. The capital stock In
each case Is $25,000 and the names of the
companies are- Lake County Light and • Power
Company, dear Lake Securities Company.
Lake County Laundry Company and Lake
Coupty Ice Company.
The three machines rented from Gray
Brothers were used In the district east
of Twelfth street and south of Market,
and If they dre withdrawn It Is likely
that many of the streets In that district
will go unswept. To do the work of the
machines by hand would necessitate
the employment of a large force of men
and It Is said there are not sufficient
funds available to pay for having the
work done. by a broom gang. The only
way President Schmitz can see out of
the difficulty Is a settlement with the
contracting firm, as he says It is doing
the work for about one-fourth the
amount It would cost to have it done
by hand.
As the result of a communication re
ceived from Gray Brothers yesterday
afternoon the Board of Public Works
finds itself confronted with a serious
problem, to which at present there
seems to be no solution. The board has
for some time been renting three street
sweeping machines from the firm at a
rate of $12 per day. There was no con
tract, but merely a month to month
agreement. The Board of Supervisors
considered this figure exorbitant, and
the bills of the firm were accordingly
held up. As a result President Schmltz
of the Board of Works yesterday re
ceived the following communication
from Gray Bros.:
In view of th« fact that th« Bupervigorf *n
holding up our jtreet- sweeping bill*, amount
ing to I2S12 00. for the hire of ¦treet-Bweeplng
machines, tearoa. drivers, etc., we t*g to in
form you that we do not feel Justified la con
tinuing this work without being paJd for the
same and hereby notify you that we will not
furnish machines, etr.. to the city until Mm*
definite conclusion U reached In reference to
our bills now unoald.
The application by the E. I. du Pont
de Nemours Powder Company for a
restraining order against the Peyton
Chemical Company and others occu
pied a part of the afternoon session of
the United States Circuit Court yes
terday. Frank D. Madison and Oscar
Sutro appeared for the complainant,
C. W. Slack and James M. Allen for
the respondent and M. C. Cerf on be
half of Walter Bartnett.
Attorneys for respondent said that
they did not object to an examination
of their books, but they did not want
the examination to be made by per
sons hostile to them, and they did not
wish to have certain secrets of powder
manufacture exposed. They charged
that the complainants were actuated
by ulterior motives in the matter and
wanted to pry into defendants' busi
ness for their own purposes! Many
affidavits were presented on both
sides.
Judge Morrow advised the parties
to agree upon some person who
should be appointed by the court to
examine the books and that they re
port the result of their determination
In court this morning.
Judge Morrow to Order Books of
Peyton Chemical Company looked
Over by Unprejndlced Man.
Contractors to Rent
Out Their 3Iachin.es Until
Old Claims Are Satisfied
TRYING TO AGREE UPON
AN IMPARTIAL EXAMINER
His marriage to Miss Shapiro was
to take place next Sunday. She came
to this city from Roumanla to marry
him. He was an Industrious young
man and earned his living: by driving
« mUk wason.
Engaged to Be Married Next Sunday,
His Sweetheart Having Come
From Jloumanla.
Isador Schwartzfelt, a native of
Roumanla, 26 years old, was found
dead in his*bed at 337 Shotwell street
yesterday morning, suffocated by 11
luminatlug gas, which had escaped
from a partly open burner In his
room. He had attended a dance at
I.yric Hall last Sunday night with
Miss Etty Shapiro, his Intended wife.
They returned home at 1 a. m. and at
7 a, m. he -was found dead In bed.
His relatives say that his death was
accidental.
GRAY BROTHERS
STRIKE BACK
YOCXG MAX DIES FROM
INHALING NOXIOUS GAS
The entertainment will be given un
der the patronage of the board of gov
ernors of the Columbia Park Boys'
Club, James D. Phelan president,
Charles S. Wheeler vice president, Mrs.
Andrew M. Davis recording secretary,
Harvey Loy corresponding Secretary,
O. N. Orlow, William Greer Harrison,
Richard Hotallng, Fred J. Koster. R.
B. Hale, Sig. Stern, Mrs. P. N. Lilien
thal, Mrs. M. H. de Young. Miss Fran
ces Jolllffe, Airs. I. N. Walter, and Sid
ney S.-Peixotto head worker.
Major Sidney S. Piexotto, the head
worker, has arranged a programme in
cluding three finished gymnasium acts,
songs by the full chorus of thirty-five
boys, with solos, duets and trios of
boy voices, the military band in concert
and also in conjunction with the drum
and bugle corps. '
Aside from the strictly musical por
tion of the programme the very, best
vaudeville acts will be given, includ
ing Master O'Day in his wonderful
coon act, Master Talbott with his well
known singing. Master- Farmer, a crack
boy dancer, and the ludicrous Dutch
act, the hit of this summer's trip, "The
Three Fritzes." From every point of
view the programme will be a high
class and attractive one, and it is al
ready assured that the evening will be
a social and artistic success. '
For those who wish to see Just how
clever a band of bright, well-trained
boys who take an interest in their work
can be a treat is in store Thursday
night at the Alhambra when the boys
of the Columbia Park Club will give
an entertainment.
An all-day conference and prayer
meeting has been arranged by the
Methodist Ministers' Association, which
met yesterday morning at Epworth
Hall. The date fixed is December X,
and the hour» will be 10 a. m. till noon,
2 till 4 p. m. and 7:30 in the evening.
The culmination of the conference will
be a "love feast," presided over by
Bishop Hamilton. Dr. W. S. Matthew,
presiding elder, will occupy the chair
at the day meetings, and among the
speakers are to, be Dr. E. R. Willis,
the Rev. George A. Hough, the Rev.
Dr. Francis M. Larkln, Dr. George W.
White and the Rev. A. C. Bane. "Ag
gressive Evangelism— Pushing For
ward the Gospel" is the theme that will
be discussed. The meeting and conferr
ence will be held at Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, Twenty-first and
Capp streets.
Between BOO and 600 Methodists in
terested In city church extension will
assemble at the annual tea at the same
church at 5 o'clock on Thursday even-
Ing, December 1. I. J. Truman will
preside, and Bishop Hamilton is ex
pected to return from Kansas In time
to deliver an address.
Professor Dlxon spoke before the
Methodist Ministers' Association yes
terday on "The Religious Basis of
Poetry." Bishop Harris spoke of the
effort being made on behalf of the
widows and families of soldiers sacri
ficed in the Japanese-Russian war.
Bishop Harris will deliver a lecture on
Friday evening at the Y. M. C. A.
prior to his sailing for Japan.
Professor H. C. Biddle. Ph.D., deliv
ered an interesting address on "The
Siemificance of Suffering" before the
Presbyterian Ministers' Association
yesterday.
The exodus of the stalwart American
farmers from the old farms of the East
and of New England especially was
described before the Congregational
Ministers' Association yesterday by
the Rev. W. W. Wikoff in the course
of on account of his travels through
out tha Eastern States. Foreigners-
Italians and Chinese, he said, are
taking possession of the old home
steads, making of them nothing but
truck farms.
Some thousands of specially designed
medallions symbolical of San Francis
co are to be distributed throughout the
Eastern and Middle Western States by
the committee on publicity of 'the
Christian Church Convention which
is to be held here next August. A num
ber of leading ministers of the Chris
tian church met yesterday at the Y.
M. C. A. and adopted the design of
a medallion, the center of which will
be ornamented with a bear and the
inscription "Bear in mind San Fran
cisco, 1905." These will be sent in
large quantities to every minister of
the Christian church in America for
distribution.
The Rev. Walter M. White, D.D.;
the Rev. P. C. Macfarlane, the Rev.
Mr. Berry and the Rev. Frank S.
Ford resolved also that all the letter
paper in connection with the conven
tion should be of the California poppy
color. All envelopes and postal cards
are to be embellished with the most
picturesque scenes in and around San
Francisco, while every bit of printing
issued will be stamped with some de
sign characteristic of the Golden
State.
. My rfear sister — I have given you several
times pains on account of my acts, but this
last one finishes up my earthly career. You
have been kind to me and all of us and I hate
to leave you, but I am downcast and despon
dent nnd "have worried so that I am approach
ing insanity. My life Insurance is paid up
for current month and Is In favor of Minnie.
It Is In safe at office with oth-?r personal
papers in my private drawer. I have not taken
stamps lately, but I ¦ have $40 due me from
P. O. to date and owe O. S. Church $20 bor
rtiwed money, so if there is a discrepancy ttve
$20 should cover it. I am sick. sick. sick.
Help Minnie collect the Insurance money and
sell th» store fittings If possible, otherwise
turn them back to C. C. Olmstead, San Rafael.
I owe a few personal bills, but my we can
cels th<? debts. Give my love to Ida and tell
her good-by.' With a brother's fondput love.
,The Minnie mentioned in the letter
is his wife.
To Coroner — 8S6 Valencia. Mrs. Russell's.
She Is my wife's mother. She Is there to-day.
My name is G. W. Gagan, residence 2782
Twenty-fourth street. Clerk at station C
postofnc*. Twentieth and Mission.
This^lB a case of suicide, pure and simple.
Cause of act. despondency, sickness and ap
proaching Insanity.
The two letters I would earnestly request
be mnllfd without beins op»ned. The con
tents: are purely personal and have no imme
diate bearing on my act. Am member of
Golden West Camp, W. of \V. The ?5 in
pants pocket pleas- give to Mrs. Oagan. My
watch and chain I would like George to have.
That is my nephew.
. The letter to his sister indicates that
he had been in the habit of embezzling
stamps, but that his shortage would
not exceed $20. It reads as follows:
At the park, Monday a. m.. Nov. 23.
G. W. Gagan, postal money order
clerk at Station C, shot and killed
himself yesterday in the bushes near
the museum in Golden Gate Park. Let
ters found on his person show that the
desperate deed was prompted by sick
ness and despondency. A paragraph
in one of the letters indicated that he
had been embezzling stamps, but that
the shortage might be small. Post
master Fisk, as soon as he was ap
prised of the tragedy, ordered an in
vestigation of the books and accounts
of the dead man.
" Three pistol shots were heard at 11:30
a; m. by Policeman John Shea near the
museum. He started in the direction
of the sounds- and -when within one
hundred feet of the clump of bushes he
heard a fourth shot. Hastening to the
spot he saw the dead body of the post
office clerk lying on its back, the head
bloody and a foot or so away a cheap
revolver which contained four recently
exploded shells. On Gagan's person
were found a letter addressed to the
Coroner and two others sealed in
stamped envelopes, one addressed tt>
his wife and the other to Mrs. Poulte
ney, his sister.
The letter to the Coroner reads as
follows:
District Attorney Byington argued
that the section of the Penal Code re
ferred to criminal prosecutions in the
courts, and not to proceedings before
the Grand Jury, which were simply in
the form of an Investigation.
After considerable argument the Judge
denied this motion. A further one, that
the proceedings be stopped as the court
had lost jurisdiction, was also denied.
The defendant then pleaded not guilty
and the trial was set for December 12,
the same day on which the trial of
Charles Wyman, charged with fraudu
lent voting, has been set.
Attorney Newburgh obtained thirty
days to prepare exceptions to the Su
preme Court. Newburgh then moved
that the action be dismissed on the
ground that the defendant having tes
tified before the Grand Jury on the
charge for which he was Indicted there
could be no further prosecution against
him under section 64 of the Penal Code.
He contended that the taking of the
testimony before the Grand Jury was
to all intents and purposes a criminal
prosecution under the meaning of the
statute.
Joseph Rebstock, inspector at the re
cent primary election, who Is charged
with violating the. election law by re
fusing to administer the oath to a voter
whose vote was challenged, is using
every technicality known to the law to
save himself from' being put on trial.
Yesterday morning Judge Lawlor dis
allowed the demurrer to the indictment,
saying that the most serious point
raised by the defendant was the ab
sence of the term •'qualified** from the
pleading. He thought that point could
be tested during the trial by the de
fendant urging that he was a public
officer at the time and was therefore
not qualified to act as an election of
ficer. The court would take the general
view, however, that no individual would
be permitted to urge his disability as a
defense in the commission of an unlaw
ful act.
Ordinances were finally passed au
thorizing the return of protested taxes
for schools and hospitals to a number
of taxpayers who had obtained Judg
ments against the city and ordering
street and sewer work in blocks on
Sacramento, Castro, H streets. Cres
cent and Eleventh avenues.. Army,
Hugo, Clement. Miguel. Matex\ Laid
ley, Arlington and adjacent streets.
The roadways of Dulores street be
tween Twenty-second and Twenty
third and Castro street between Jersey
and Twenty-fifth were accepted. -Street
work was ordered in blocks on Chenery,
Palmer. Fairmount, Nineteenth avenue.
Second and Third avenues.
The board passed to print an ordi
nance prohibiting the shaking of dice
for money or "chips" in public places.
The measure is an old ordinance re
enacted and is de'signed to prevent
bunko men from fleecing the unwary.
Permission was granted the Pacific
Oil Transportation Company to lay a
six-inch steel pipe line for the-trans
portation of crude petroleum from King
street on and along Second street about
two hundred feet to its foot.
Emil Pohli urged an amendment that
would permit redwood shingles to ba
used in repairs, but Supervisor Lun
.stedt said a compromise measure had
been decided upon that was deemed
fair both to the insurance men and to
the lumber dealers. The vote was:
Ayes— Alpers. Bent, Boo^h. Branden
stein, Braunhart. Comte. Connor. D'An
cona, Eggers. Hocks. Lunstedt. Payot,
Rea. McClellan — 14. Noes — Boxton.
Finn, Sanderson — 3. •
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print the ordinance designat
ing a district within which fireproof
materials only must be used in repair
ing all roofs totally destroyed by fire.
The district, as defined by the second
section of the ordinance, begins at the
bay line end of Van Ness avenue, run
ning to Green street, to Baker, to
Geary, to Broderick. to South Brod
erick, to Thirteenth, to Division, to
Channel to Bay and to the point of
beginning.
Church Convention Man
agers Decide to Distribute
Quite Unique Medallion
Postoffice Employe Goes to
the Park and Shoots
Himself Through the Head
Supervisors Enact Law Ke
quiring Fireproof Mate
rial in Certain Districts
Demurrer to Indictment Ac
cusing* Hini of Violating
Election Law Disallowed
CLERK GAGAN
ENDS HIS LIFE
TO ADVERTISE
SAN FRANCISCO
ROOF REPAIR
BILL PASSED
REBSTOCK MUST
STAND A TRIAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER . : 29, . 1904.
Clever Little Fellows Will Show Their Ability
as Musicians and Actors.
COLUMBIA PARK BOYS
TO BE SEEN AT BEST
7
FRAGERS
I IhereWill Be "Something Doing" at Pragers I
I Don't Miss It. |
I Food Choppers Sofa Pillows |
pi (Third Floor) (Second Floor) f|
m tlnivcpcal T?r%r%A r*K/\tNT\o»- Tllls i8 part of a bl £ sample line B
H Universal I* OOa CnOpper — that we bought from a large East- E
i Fine for your mincemeat, t" 1 . 11131111 ! 30^ 1 " 6^ The vm V? ? T 2 B
w , , , J , , ' hand embroidered: some finished B
|j nutS, etc., that We ¦^'-p— with pretty cords; gn pim t
I have been selling at H Dp °^ e r s s : $^.95 1
|ji cial sale to-day at. fcj
I (Fou^ h <> noor) (JL !aIAVMV»S I1EUABLB | AttTOC- H
I s^rviTe [ y MARKET&cfONES SJ3 { tions |
ADVOITISEMEXTS;
LOTERIANACIONAL
Xilrt of Premium Kos. 1 to 1200 I.oterla
Kaclon&l as Drawn In Mexico City.
Mexico, on the 26th Say of
Xfovember. 1904.
No. Premium. ) No. Premium.1 No. Premium.
21a... 7.m>; a*a... 7.50 5»o... 7.50
787... 7.W)l TM... 7.60J 1138... 7.50
114S... 7.50t 1543... 7.501 IMl... 7.30
lttt... 5.O-/ 1940... 7.60 1870... 8.00
2103... 8.OO! 2K»... 5.00)2266... 5.00
22v>... C.^io; 2*07... 5.00] 2517... 6.00
2*K^... 5.00; 2«11... 75.00; 2651... 5.00
•J.-.C.I.. I .*,<».< mi 27S1... 5.0f>] V--9J... 5.00
27»C... 2.50! WHO. .. 2.50 3443... 2.50
:sr.77... 70.00' 3C38... 2.50 S736... 2.50
:y*l.t... 2..V.I 4114... 2.50 4131... 2.60
47CS... 2.80) 5(104. 12UO.O<» 5ir>2 2.50
WTia... 2. Kt)| 533.7... 2.5M B3SS... 2.50
M.T7... 2.50 5415...- 2.50 5473... 2.50
CM*... 2.T.0, C.VW... 2.50! &673... 2.60
6001... 2. .'¦()) C029... 2.50. OM7... 2.60
«075 ... 2 . .V» Cl US . . . 2 . .V> Vt22« ... 2 50
«.»a... 2.5f): «731... 2.50 C834... 2.50
TO42... 2.T.0I 7O!Ki... 2.50 7118... 2. 60
7302... \ 2.501 73R3... 2.%.«»oi 7611 •» .V)
7C1S... 2.501 7U24... 2.50J 7729. '.*. 2" 50
7W2... 2.«»! M30... 2.50. 621 « •» M
S443... 2..Vj| MM... 2.B0IS472.!! 2ftO
800ft... 2..'i0| 8733... 2.60 8808... "'so ,
«S27... 2..Vl| W<10... 2.f« K>22. "'{,0
K975... 25.CK); 0013... 2.5OH518.. -60
IW»7... 2.50, f<S27... 2..V> V*<72 ->'&o
ZtKfiO..'. 2.501 t»70... 2.50 PU75. " -'50
1000<»... 7..V>'!0033... 2.50:iOK*».. -no
lirjfM... 7.5010253... 2.5o;iQ331... 250
10410... 2.50.'KM»*... 2.501074O. .- ">' M> '¦
10731... 2.5»»|10797... 2.5f»iltt¥j5. 2*50
1107.'.... 2.50 111S5... 2.5fl;lllS7... "'50
J1312... 2.T>OnXi2... 2.50;113K0... 250
11327... 2.50IKJ70.. 3OO.(N>:il&14... 2 60
aiws... 2.50llUK>2... 2.50:il944... 2.50
The afxnp jirli«» are based on 5O-cent tickets;
25-cent tirkets entitle holder to one-half of
above premium.
Prlxt^ will I* rasped by M. A'i Co.. O0S Claue
J-pr»-ckc!« building.
<O«1n» to an error In composition, the thrr «
leading prizes of the above list appeared ae
rmall prizes Instead of the proper amounts.—
Cfcfl.)
ADVERTISEMENTS. jj
FREE! V FREE!
Extraordinary Offer
TX> «*
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
, To make their
Holiday Purchases in the Month of November
| Sr $25.00 f— - $7.50 Free
S? $10.00 p— • $3.00 J^gfc Free
= Sf $5.00 p— - $1.50 ¦ZS&gS* Free
IS 6 $250*—- 75c. ;^*H£, Free
Free Cf 00 Porch^. 25c wotthoi «°^ Free
with *P ' ? vU rBreM * • your own choice x rce
t We want you to see our
Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
h and Newest Creations
Elite Chinaware, Limoges China, French
China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
j: Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware*
1 Novelties, and Dolls.
Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest,
f Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected
from the Markets of the World.
; Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
i Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
We want you to see our very reasonable prices*
We want you to come just to look.
Take advantage of this very liberal offer.
CIT HERE CUT HERE I
CUT OUT THIS COUPON, bring It to any of our stores before
_. December 10, 1904, and receive with each purchase as listed n
x abe we a very handsome present of your own selection. Sj
= SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Nov. 29 , 1904 *
Come just to look* *>
Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores. ~
WOT GOOD AFTER DECEMBER 1O. 19Q4. .'
Cl'T HFRE CUT. HERE
Great American Importing Tea Co.
CITT STOKES:
' 361 Market it. 213 Slitter rt. 705 X.ar>:tn at. 3732 24tb rt,
i 140 Sixth s t. 3008 Flllmors rt. 146 Wlnth »t. 206Thlrd«t.
] 47S Haiirht *t. 355 Kay es it. 53 Market rt. 469 Fourth it.
1819 DerlULdero rt. 3OO6 Sixteenth it. 621 Montgomery *t«. 366 Third st.
1419 PoUc «t. 3285 Mission st. 2516 Mission rt.
OAKLAND, ALAUEDA AOTJ BEEKELET STO8ES!
. 1053 Waablnrtoa rfe. 1510 Seventh rt. Berkeley, 3141 Center st
1185 23d ave. 616 E. 13th et. Alameda, 1355 Park st.
STOBES X3S OTEEB CITIES AXTD TOWSB:
S San Joe*. 12S S. First at. San Bernardino. 421 Third rt. Lei* Bcacb. 220 Pin* ar*.
" .-a r*r--rr.:o. 426 K «t- Santa Barbara, 734 State »t. Merced, 406 Main »t.
: s-«< r.irr* r.tc. 9M J >t. Ean Di»ro. 922 Fifth et. NevacSaCUy.rin* ctMaa.bidf.
Eanta Crux. 140 Pacific ftra, 6arLul»Oblspo,728Hlru«rajt. .R*dlan<5s, 18 E. Btats it.
Siocktcn. 445 E. Main st. Tuiare. Kom «t-. near K. Eant* Monica, 227 Third et.
Gilroy. 13 N. Monterey ux. Virginia City. 68 S. C et. Santa Ana, 209 E. Fourth et.
\. - Gatos. E#*t M»:r. st. Ventura. 208 Mala et • Vitalia. 210 Main et.
&ar.Leendro.S&r.L<or*nzoa're. Crockett. Woodland. £35 Main »t.
i I^..«A:;,-«->f. 41TS Broadway. Lincoln. Watscnvll'e. S2S Main st.
I>oeAngeles,:s£3Pasadena. tr. Winter*. Bvnld*. 6 First st.
Unit I^Lk- . 245 Main st- Redwood City. Chlco.Bdwy..brt.3d &4th sta.
Portland. 331 Washington «t- Sutter Craak. CarsonClt>,Cars'n st.nr.Klnf.
Portland. 223 First st. Napa, 5 Main rt- Brlrhara City. Main at.
Settle. !*"> Peeor.a are. Pelaluisa, S2S Main rt. Mod«sto, 10th it., bet. HiL
Seattle. 300 Pike «t. Bt. Helena. Main et. Ororllle. 808 Meyers et.
Tacorca, 837 C et. Bar.ta Rosa. 411 Fourth et. Provo. Academy ave.
i Fpokane. 910 Sprarue ava. Vallejo. 339 Georgia et. ParkClty.Matn st.Pchlelds be;.
i CxriSen. »40 Twenty-nfth et. Ha>-wards.B*t..bet.Maln*lst. RsdBluff.Maln A Oak sta.
Bak*-rsfleH. 1513 l»th st. San Rafael. 623 Fourth St. Ballnas, 254 Main sL
Fr»«!o. J145 J st. . Pasad«r.a. 1»O K. Colorado st. Orefonaty.Maln st.so.Cth.
Mjtr}-s*-fll« SS D et. Antorl*. £71 Commercial St. Hc\ldsVurf.
Poniona, 402 W. Second Bt. Buirene. 30 E. Ninth «t. Placerville.
Reno IS Commercial row. Eureka, cor. Fifth and F eta. Ocean VIeTr.
"• P.e<idT|r. 42 1 Market Bt. Grass Valley. Ji6 Mill st. Calletoe^i
; R;ver»i<le. 831 Main st. Hsnford. 209 N. Irwln et. 8onoms.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help You.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Headquarters jii|t^
for Useful
SIDEBOARD — Solid oak, golden C RSp^F tfpigS&ll
finish. Three drawers and two &. fc ffipfS? ? 9i '.mlaSKf
large cupboards. Top has bevel R ftl^S»3 ¦? SrHji
plate mirror. Entire piece beau- | "i , " ' lii ii lii^
. tifully carved and (p* •*? / A kv
highly polished. Price \l % iMl- *¦ \ «£-*
*JpX%J*\J\J • I
S, tv X JO ft r" A Bt^M^^^ JhsESmkh
'fe S^^— 1- l«jfo— imi^lt^T in mt i II -1 *JT? W.i|ilftVTrjM._ 1^fff*F*vf5l
»g «yl yi »a fta »j f a'j »a sJC • lia
.CEO *^"Well, go on," she commanded.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A Modish Party or Matinee Frock for Young Girl.Jt Is Made
of Cream Voile Over Cream Silk and Trimmed With Lace
Flounces and Bands df Insertion in Self-Color. The Yoke
Is of Tucked Cream Silk and the Sash Is of Deep Purple
Velvet Ribbon. ¦ —
nrHE circumstances so far developed in the murder of the Weber
I family at Auburn, preceded several months by the bold daylight
robbery of the Auburn bank, both crimes being ascribed to the
same person, make a case without parallel in our criminal annals.
The horror inspired by the crimes of parricide and fratricide is al
most lost in the study which the case offers to the criminologist and
psychologist. '<
The circumstances and the evidence all point to the guilt of a
twenty-year-old boy, who stands accused of entering a bank masked,
in broad daylight, and successfully escaping with a- spoil of $5000
or more in gold coin. He seized a horse and ca/fand escaped. Leav
ing the horse and f vehic!e in the road'to run away, he took to the
brush in a canyon, made a detour and returned to the road, where he
met the pursuing officers and went his way unsuspected. The dis
covery last Wednesday of the money buried under a cowshed on the
place of- his murdered parents finishes a chain of circumstantial evi
dence, in which the other links are furnished by handwriting ex
perts, and resemblance in stature and action to the robber during the
brief time afforded for observation while he was in the bank.
Now come speculations as to the motive for the murder of
every member of his family, with which he stands charged by the
Coroner's jury and the committing magistrate. His demeanor has
been curious in the extreme. Without emotion in the presence "of the
charred dead of his family and during the preliminary examination
maintaining an attitude of interest such as would become a disin
terested spectator, if innocent he is the most singular and unfortu
nate of men, and if guilty he is the most remarkable criminal in all
history. Apparently of weakly physique, in bad health, his nutri
tion deficient, yet his will is of steel and his cunning of an acute
type. He seems to have made no slight study of criminal law, he
apparently understands the necessity that his prosecutors prove an
adequate motive for the murder of his family. When the warrant
charging him with the bank robbery was served he merely said : "Is ]
that all? I supposed you had found a motive for the murders." This
shows that h/r had studied his case with considerable profundity, and
is far from being ignorant of his technical legal defense.
Lawyers and students of the criminal and abnormal will find
in his case something entirely new. Experience has exhausted the
incidents of erotic crime. In the Durrant case we had an example
of that which went to the limit of that field. But here we have a
case in which psychopathy cuts no figure, in which robbery of a bank
was not induced by any physical necessity, and parricide and frat
ricide are charged, lacking all of the ordinary motives for murder.
The officials of Placer County, in handling this icase and presenting
the evidence, arc furnishing to the school of LaTmbroso and Nordau
material ftfr digestionfand arrangement that will add an entirely new
chapter to their researches on the subject of degeneracy and abnor-
Field Marshal Oyama of Japan Is said to be a great friend of labor.. He
has certsinly lightened the work of the census enumerators of two countries.- —
WashlEfton Port. E&H
Guarding a Paean Idol.
In Pegu may be seen an English
sentry keeping guard over a -Burmese
Idol. The Burmese believe the -'idol
Is asleep and that when he awakes
the end of the World will - come. The
sentry is there to ..prevent any one
from entering the pagoda, which is
his ¦ place of repose, and awakening
Mm. His slumbers have lasted 6000
years.
THE AUBURN TRAGEDY.
A COMMONPLACE LIFE.
SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
"A commonplace life," we say and we
sigh.
But why should we sigh as we say?
The commonplace sun in the common
place sky
Makes up the commonplace day.
The moon and the stars are commonplace
things.
And the flower that blooms, and the bird
that sings.
But dark were the world, and sad our
lot.
If the flowers should fail and the sun
shine not —
And Ood, who studies each separate
soul.
Out of commonplace lives makes his
beautiful whole.
— Susan Coolidge, in Philadelphia Ledger.
KANSAS PHILOSOPHY.
An awkward man In society is
usually a thoroughbred in business.
There is no one so hopeless as those
who do not make mistakes.
The only, case of overwork we know
of, though many claim it, is that of
the growler. *
A man can gret Bick now almost as
easy as he can sin, and you all know
bow easy that is. H ; . !.
When a man offers" you a cigar, and
you know he is doing it purely as a
matter of courtesy, should you take
or refuse it? — Atchlson Globe.
LATEST FROM RUSSIA.
The imperial telephone Jingled mer
rily,
"Who Is there?" demanded the Czar,
wondering -if it were possible for any
one to shoot over the wire.
" 'Tls I," cried Kuropatkln.
"What ia the news?"
"I had to run all night."
"Bah! 'TIb nothing! I had to walk
all night."
"You?"
"Yes, I had to walk the baby up and
down the hallway." '
And Just then a tiny voice called
"Popisky 5 "—Baltimore Herald.
RED LIGHT INFLUENCE.
As a result of experiments made in
some of the hospitals in Paris It is
stated that vaccination performed un
der a red light leaves no scar .and
causes less pain. The patient is vac
cinated in a room where^he only light
is an incandescent lamp with a red
globe.
Songs for Motor Cyclists.
A "Book of Songa for Motor-Cyclista"
is being; compiled by the German Mo
tor-Cycle/Club.. Prises are offered for
the six best songs submitted.
They. Do Not Smoke.
"It's a queer thine," 'said an old
timer, "that although I meet hundreds
of letter carriers dally, yet I never
saw one smoking a cigar or pipe, or
«ven a cigarette while they are either
delivering or collecting mail. \
"Now you would imagine that they
would take comfort in a smoke trav
eling around as they do. I am, sure
they get scores of cigars' as tokens of
Appreciation in the course of a year,
yet you never see them smoke while
on duty. v I wonder why." — Chicago
Inter Ocean.', ySfffffiSfBH
Townsend's California ; Glace traits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at,"
Coal Mine at University.
A model coal mine— the * first of its
kind ; in England— is "to be N included in
the' scientific equipment of Birmingham
University.
-. Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Call*
Xornia street. Telephone Alain 1042, *
As I sat down something at my feet
caught my eye. I picked it, up. It was
a heart-shaped locket set with rubles.
It flew open in my hand, disclosing two
scraps of cloth, but cloth— I examined
the pieces with some interest, especially
as I noticed that my monogram graced
the upper one. They were two corners
from one of my handkerchiefs evident
ly; anyway it was my monogram.
When my eyes fell on the other piece a
bewildering lot of thoughts chased
through my brain; for that piece bore
my profile, traced cleverly in purple
ink. Florine's amulet— a "pioture of a
man she liked!" No more letting a pal
try fortune stand between us If she
really cares — and it must be she cares,
or—
When I got this far I jumped up and
started Joyfully for Florine's presence.
Then another idea assailed me. Sup-
It was clearly a. dare, and I took it. I
went to the summer house. Around the
summer house are trees and flowers; in
front is a miniature lake, a beautiful
place, but a dangerous one when a man
has no right to tell what sometimes
dims his eyes and impedes his speech.
Perhaps there was less danger In walk
ing. ,
"But I'm going to have another call
er," she demurred.
"Did you see him in your tea cup?" I
asked.
"No, I see him at the gate," she
laughed, "although he may be coming
to see mamma— he is very fond of
mamma. Possibly I shall be at the
summer house soon."
Rivers are land builders. The Mississippi in its primitive state
was a land builder. The silt that it carried built all the land from
far above Xew Orleans to the present shore of the Gulf of Mexico.
Rivers where there is no mining alternately fill up their own chan
nels and raise their banks with the silt they carry, until finally they
jump oft the ridge formed by their own action and flow through
lower land to build it up in turn. The mining slickens carried into
the California rivers was an artificial acceleration oT the process off
land building, and it inflicted such injury upon the permanent in
terests of agriculture as to justify the legal steps taken to force its
discontinuance.
But there were floods before slickens, and there will be floods
after the deposit is taken from the channels. To say, therefore, that
such removal will end the trouble is to be optimistic in the face of
facts older than hydraulic mining. If the engineers determine to
clear the channel by raising the banks, it should not be left to the
slow process of scouring. Pump dredges can transfer the slickens
from the channel to the banks, converting it into a levee, that will
require the use of no other material. Or the pump dredges can
take the slickens from the channel and spread it upon the low land,
b'uilding it up at a distance from the river. This process is fa
miliar to all who have seen the filling of the salt marshes around
the bay with material pumped from its bottom.
Some plan of that sort would raise the banks more cheaply than
can be done by taking the material from the dry land, as had to be
done in the case of the great levees on Feather River.* But, as for
the main question, the cause of the floods, and the whole cause or
collection of causes, must be considered and known before they can
be removed, and it may prove a futile conclusion if hydraulic mining
is accused of the whole trouble. That it is to be blamed for some
of it is notorious, but when that part of the trouble is corrected there
will remain a large sized problem, bequeathed maybe to the pro
fessional successors of the present engineers.
There are two engineering opinions as to the efficacy of raising
the banks of a stream to compel it to cleanse its channel. There are
engineers who contend that the bottom of the Mississippi River
has steadily risen with its banks, and that these have to be con
tinually raised higher to restrain the water. In spite of all that
can be done that river defies control by levees, and from the Sny
levee to Vicksburg it breaches its confining walls and makes havoc
on millions of acres of tilled land. We are glad that something is
doing for our rivers, and the whole or partial plans reached by the
commission will be supported, we know by public sentiment, and we
hope by adequate appropriations, Federal and State.
THERE is a preliminary outgiving by one of the official engi
neers now attending the final ' conference at Sioux City to the
effect that hydraulic mining caused the floods in Californfa
rivers, and that rectification requires the raising of artificial banks
to compel the exertion of the whole scouring foroe of the streams
upon the deposit of slickens in the channels. The cost of this work
is put at $10,000,000 to $12,000,000. It is not time to fully comment
on any plan proposed until the engineers have published their report,
but it is probable that this preliminary statement expresses the con
clusion that will be reached. It is probable because most of the en
gineers have been employed on the levee work of the Mississippi
River, and are familiar with that plan of river control.
The statement of the cause of our California floods promises to»
renew in some form the contention between the miners and the
valley landholders. To many the foreshadowed conclusion will be
a disappointment, since it will put the issue upon a single and a
narrow basis. If, however, the rivers formerly carried all the floods
in their channels and between their banks, before hydraulic mining
sent down slickens the cause stated may be accepted as correct and
the solution of the trouble will require merely the deepening of the
channels to their former depths.
But is it true that there were no floods before hydraulic mining?
If so, our hydrography is indeed remarkable. There is no disagree
ment that mining 1 aggravated the floods, by raising the bottom of
the channel. Volumes of water that the rivers carried between
their banks in their primitive condition overtaxed their capacity when
the channels were raised, compelling the corresponding raising o{
the banks by the levees along the Bear, Yuba, Feather and Sacra
mento. But, did Ae rivers formerly carry within their banks such
floods as that of last spring is the question. We think they did
not. nor do we think they will when their channels are scoured to
their primitive depth. Such scouring will increase their carrying
capacity and will take care of freshets that now spill over, but there
is no river draining a considerable watershed that holds all the flood
water that comes. '' i
THE RIVER* PROBLEM.
Miss Anita Harvey was the hon
ored guest at luncheon given yester
day by Miss Linda Cadwallader at her
Broadway home.
The color scheme in decoration
Miss Virginia Jolliffe has returned
from Burlingame, where she has been
visiting Mr. and Mrs. Henry Scott.
Mrs. William Prentice Morgan en
tertained the Bridge Club yesterday
afternoon. . The members enjoyed a
spirited game and expressed much
pleasure. Among them were Mrs.
J. K. Nuttall, Mrs. Rosenstock, Mrs.
Timothy Hopkins^ttrs. Warren Clark,
Mrs. William Prentice Morgan. Mrs.
H. P. Gale, Mrs. Henry L. Dodge. Mrs.
Carolan. Mrs. L. L. Baker. Mrs. Wil
liam Thomas. Mrs. Southard Hoffman,
Mrs. Frank B. Anderson. Mrs. Ira
Pierce, Mrs. Charles Josselyn. Mrs.
M. P. Jones, Miss Laura McKlnstry
and Mrs. William R. Smedberg.
Mrs. Eugene Freeman will give a
luncheon to her daughter, Miss Maude
Payne, on December 8.
The ball to be given Miss Anita
Harvey by Mrs. Eleanor Martin on
Friday, evening will be preceded by
a dinner at the St. Francis, given by
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey in
honor of Miss .Charlotte Wilson.
Invitations have been Issued by the
Misses Theobald of 1923 Pierce street
for a large card party to ba given on
December 3.
Mme. Gadskl will appear in concert at
the St. Francis on December 20.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Leopold MIchels enter
tained at dinner at the St. Francis last
Saturday evening. Covers were laid for
ten.
Ben Greet will address the faculty
and students of Mills College this after
noon In Lisser Hall at 2:30 o'clock.
There is much pleasurable anticipa
tion concerning the event.
Among the speakers at a dinner given
in New York recently to Mr. and Mrs.
Wallace Irwin were Ethel Watts Mum
ford, John Kendrick Bangs and Israel
Zangwill.
Mrs. Eleanor Brown and Miss Ade
laide Brown of Los Angeles are in San
Francisco for the winter, having apart
ments at the Hotel Cecil. Mrs. Brown
is a sister of Mrs. Hancock Banning
and of Mrs. Lo Moyne Wills (Susan
Patton). Miss Adelaide Brown will be
bridesmaid at the wedding of Miss Ella
Clark and Henry C. Lee, which takes
place on December 7.
Charles H. Lombard has resumed his
delightful Sunday afternoon "at homes."
Last Sunday his. special guests were
Miss Marie Withrow and Miss Eva
Withrow, and among the - guesta who
were bidden to meet them were Mr. and
Mrs. Henry A. Foster of Chicago, Mr.
and Mrs. John 8ayre Crawley. Mr. and
Mrs. Merschfelder, Mr. and Mrs. Adol
phus Graupner, Miss Adeline Knapp,
Miss Ednah Robinson, Mrs. Alice Ham
ilton. Eric Julihn and Frederick Big
gerstaff. These gatherings, though of
an informal nature. Include chiefly the
abla representatives of art's several
branches— musicians, painters, expo
nents of the drama and writers. These
assemblies — usually of one cult at a
time — are exceptionally charming, for
reason feasts and souls flow unrestrain
edly and with ease.
Picture — ah!' To ba sure, I wasn't an
Adonis, neither was I afraid of break
ing the camera, but for one reasojn or
another I had faced a photographer.
Picture, was it? Was she the girl, I
wondered.
"It wasn't bone, metal, stone, paper
nor wood," she went on. "And she
didn't wear it as a protection against
anything. She Just wore it because she
liked it— because she liked the man
whose picture was in It."
"It wasn't an amulet, then," I said,
setting down my cup.
' not dared to approach Florine with
out being fortified with disagreeable
speeohes. Otherwise I should have been
guilty of proposing to her. Considering
that her monthly inoom* was quite
equal to my annual one* a proposal of
marriage from me would hava been
palpably absurd. I sighed, and my sigh
aroused Florine. <
"Oh, I'm glad it's you," she said
brightly. "I saw a visitor in my tea
cup."
I frowned and took a chair on the
other side of the table.
"I wish you wouldn't," I said.
"Wouldn't what? Give you a cup of
tea? Are you afraid It will hurt your
complexion?"
Her tone was bantering, but her eyea
had a hint of coneera in their violet
depths. I looked away as I answered:
"The other night at 'Pit* you turned
your chair around three times, and then
when you lost you attributed it to the
misplacing of your rabbit foot."
"I did make a mistake," she said
gravely. "It wasn't the rabbit foot— it
was the day. Wednesday is my un;
lucky day."
"If you keep on folks will think you
are weak-minded." I continued, keeping
my gaze carefully from the dangerous
charm of her face. "I have actually
heard it said that you wear an amulet."
Florine was silent so long that I was
compelled to glance at her. She was re
garding ma with what might ba termed
a complex look. Her mouth was dim
pled with smiles, her lifted brows were
derisive, but her eyes were troubled. I
ignored the eyes.
"This superstition business detracts
from your real worth," I went on re
lentlessly. "It Is the flaw in the dia
mond, the blight in the rose, .the— the— "
"Fly In the ointment?" she suggested
politely.
"To hava It told around that you wear
an amulet I" I reiterated in fine scorn.
Then Florine laughed. When Florine
laughs—
"You poor old dear!" she exclaimed
as soon as she was able. "I don't be
lieve you have the ghost of an idea
what an amulet is!"
I was solid on that score, for I had
Just learned the definition from the
Standard Dictionary.
" 'An object, usually a peculiar bit of
stone, metal, bone, paper, wood or the
like, worn by superstitious people as a
protection againa^ witchcraft, bad luck,
disease, accidents, etc A charm — * "
"Oh, don't!" she choked. "You are too
absurd." Then she went off into an
other gale of laughter.
"I don't see where the absurdity
comes,- in." I retorted. "If that isn't an
amulet, then what Is it?"
I supped my tea with dignity while
Florine recovered herself.
"I knew a girl once who wore an
amulet," Bhe said at last. "It was the —
well — the picture of somebody she
liked."
bronze hair. For some time I had
FOUND Florine by the tea table on
[ the veranda, gazing dreamily into
I her crup. She wore my roses In the
J[ belt of 'her white gown and in her
An Invocation by Dr. Clampett and
a welcome by the president, Mrs. Ed
win W. Newhall. preceded the toasts,
over which Mrs. C. Elwood Brown
presided. They were given by Mrs.
Walter Damon Mansfield, Mrs. Hervey
Darneal and Rev. William A. Brewer.
The guests present at the breakfast
were Mrs. John C. Adams, Mrs- Louis
Aldrich. Mm. William Ashburner, Mrs.
William T. Bagget, Mrs. Hancock Ban
ning, Mrs. Theodore Z. Blakeman, Miss
Adelene W. Brewer, Mrs. William A.
Brewer, Mrs. C. Elwood Brown. Mrs.
George F. Cambron. Mrs. Wllllaxi R.
Castle. Mrs. J. Goddard Clark, ilrs-
Arthur D. Cross, Mrs. George A. Crux.
Mrs. Hervey Darneal, Mrs. Coolldge,
Mrs. Byron C. Dick, Miss Jessie Dorr.
Mrs. Charles Fernald, Mrs. Thomas
Flint, Mrs. Henry Glass, Mrs. James
L. Glggogly. Mrs. Charles Hathaway.
Miss Laurilla Hathaway, Mrs. Charles
H. Hedges. Mrs. William Heger. Mrs.
George H- Hellman. Mrs. Samuel W.
Holladay, Mrs. E. Burka Holladay.
Mrs. S. C. Huie, Miss Alice Humphreys,
Miss Elizabeth M. Jones. Mrs. George
Klrkham. Mrs. Mansfield Liovell. Mrs.
Walter P. Mansfield, Miss Lulu U
Maddux. Mrs. Henry H. Maybe w, Mrs.
John M. McClur-, Mrs. John McGaw.
Mrs. Percy P. Moore, Mrs. Edwin C-
Morrison, Mrs. Edwin? W. -Newhall,
Mrs. Frank Payson, Mrs. William C.
Peyton, Mrs. James H. Pierce, Miss
Emily Raymond, Mrs. Augustus F.
Rodgers, Miss Nannie L. Rodgers, Mrs.
Leigh R. Smith. Mrs. Vanderlyn Stow,
Mrs. John D. Tallant, Mrs. David- G-
Thayer, Mrs. Sage, Mrs. William R.
Thompson, Miss Roberta A. Thompson,
Mrs. Ruth E. Van Brunt, Mrs. Henry
L. Van Winkle, Miss Marie R. Voor
hies, Miss Anna A. B. Wright, Mrs.
Selden S. Wright. Mrs. Stuart S.
Wright and Mrs. Wetherbe*
The white and gold room of the St.
Francis was used for this occasion and
the table was elaborately decorated.
The addresses and toasts, auspicious,
were given with zest and Inspired en
thusiasm. /
The National Society of Colonial
Dames of America in the State of Cal
ifornia gave its annual breakfast last
Saturday.
Miss Marie Voorhies* marriage to
Captain Haldinand Putnam Young will
take place on December 31 and will be
an afternoon affair.
The ceremony is to be performed In
the music-room of the Voorhies home.
this bavins been used on the occasion
of the weddings of the other Voorhi«s
girls. The wedding gown is an ex
quisite affair of white lace, richly
trimmed.
The many engagement gifts which
have fallen to the lot of Miss Voorhies
have included articles other than those
of the conventional cups, although
these are in abundance and very beau
tiful. Jewel boxes and candelabra In
exquisite designs are among the re
membrances offered by the many
friends. •
Immediately after the ceremony Cap
tain and Mrs- Young will leave for
Philadelphia, where a lovely home
awaits and in which Mrs. Voorhies
visited during her recent trip East
wow pink throughout, roses, name
camels and candelabra helns ot uni
form tint.
The guests were Miss Anita Har
vey. Miss Charlotte Wilson. Miss Ger
trude Josselyn. Miss Marjorie Joaselyn.
Miss Dorothy Eells, Miss Isabel
Brewer, Miss Elizabeth Livermore,
Miss Marie Louise Parrott, Miss Helen
Cheesebrough. i
"How about a walk?" I intesrupted.
I couldn't even pretend to be disagree
able any longer; neither could I muster
up determination enough to leave. her—
lovely, laughing sprite that she was.
"It waa an amulet," contradicted
Florine. "Unimaglnary folks get their
definitions out of the dictionary. Other
people — "
"Oh, the princess said, 1 have lost
my amulet, and I can never see happi
ness without It: so, methinks, I will
publish a decree that to him who flnd
eth It will I give his heart's desire.' "
"Describe the amulet. O princess."
"The decree should state that the
amulet is Inclosed within a case of gold
shaped like my loving heart and set
around with rubles like drops of my
own heart's blood; that the amulet is
of fine linen, marked with purple; that
each separate line stands for love,
trust, happiness; that all the lines to
gether form the lineaments of — of — "
Fiorina's dark lashes rested upon very
pink cheeks. She hesitated.
"I go to search for the amulet," I an
nounced, rising.
She looked at me approvingly. I
peered under the step, made two short
detours in the direction of the lake,
then discovered it under a small flr
tree.
Florine clapped her little hands.
"How beautifully the story proceeds!"
she cried, as sat down again to tell
her my heart's desire.
"I am wondering, though," she mused
a very long time afterward, "how the
man. came to find the amulet under a
flr tree when the princess lost it in the
summer house." (Copyright, 1904, by
Ina Wright Hanson.)
She smiled
. "Why?"
"I don't know what tha princess did
after all— after that," I sighed, although
looking at Florine hopefully. .
"He had a mighty purpose"."
Florine giggled. I looked at her sus
piciously, but she made another dab at
her eyes, so I went on:
"For all his harsh words he repented
in sackcloth and ashes, and when the
day of hia repentance was over he knelt
on the ground at her feet — "
"Oh, no!" corrected Florine.- "He
might have taken rheumatism or some
thing."
Were ever eyes so blue- or lips so
sweet? I plunged ahead recklessly.
"He took her little hand in his," suit
ing action^to the word, "and put his
arm around her so and kissed her like
this—"
"How dare you?" said Florine very
softly.
"I don't dare," I answered meekly.
"I was only showing you what the man
did who belonged in the court- of the
princess."
"Well, go on," she commanded.
"I can't." *
pose Florine should think that my find
ing the amulet Influenced my declara
tion—that It was an affair of honor, bo
to speak? I laid the locket carefully
under a small flr and went back to the
summer-house. I was scarcely seated
when Florine came flying down the
i path, her flimsy gown floating like a
I lovely white cloud around her. i
"You can laugh, or you can scold; I
don't care!" she asserted tearfully. T
did wear an amulet, but now it's gone!
She sat down by me and dabbed at
her pretty eyes with a square inch of
lace-edged linen.
I neither laughed nor scolded- I &*
gan telling her a story.
"Once upon a time there lived a beau
tiful princess, adored by every one. In
her court was a man, neither rich nor
overwlse, but loving her. he thought,
best of all. She accused him of having
no imagination, and maybe had
none; but he saw in the sunset gold of
the princess' hair, in every blue flower
hue of her eyes, In every purling
streamlet the music of her laughter.
Often he criticised ' the princess, al
though to him she was perfect—"
"What did he do it for. then?" cried
Florine. £&$!!£
BY INA WRIGHT HANSON.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRDCKELS ....,..,..- ... . . . >. . ».. .. .Proprietor
XDDRHSS JJLX; COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT • •»>? -~~ Manager
FTBLICULTZON OPTTCD ..^THIRD MSTD MARKET STREETS; SAN BTtAJfCISOO
TUESDAY, .y,j, . ». »». , ... . . ... . ... ..... .V.* • . . • . .... .NOYEMBEB * S, 15 0 4
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904.
FLORINE'S AMULET
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
A^GENTLE HINT.
Customer chair) — How's business?
The barber — Dull.
v Customer— Ah! I see. Just like your
razor.
HER IDEA.
Mrs. Jones— Do you ever quarrel with
your -husband? ' t '"
Mrs-tSmlth— No, but he often quarrels
¦with me, the hateful thing.
A FINANCIER.
Tommy— Say, mister, kin yar change
me father a dollar?
Butcher— Sure.
Tommy (taking money) — Tanks- He
says he'll send de dollar ter yer In der
mornin'. :¦ --,•' •" . .
HE KNEW.
The Congressman — The people say
you paid $15,000 to be elected.
The Senator — It s a He!
The Congressman— A lie?
The Senator— Yes; I paid 429.90& 'One of the prettiest comedy dramas
ever seen at the Central is "The Lit
{le, Church Around the Corner." Clev
er Danny Halifax and Baby Mar tine,
an accomplished child actress, made
hits- In their especial rotesT"" ~ Halifax
as the young tough boy has never
been Been to better advantare. He.
renewed his old time Alcazar success.
Herschel Mayall gave a splendid,
manly performance and was warmly
greeted. Ethel Clifton as the mis
judged wife was at her best. • Much
of the. comedy element was supplied
by James Corrlgan and Myrtle Vane,
both of whom are great favorites with
the Central audiences. Henry Shumer
as the villain was as usual strong dfnd
earned the hisses of the gallery from
time" to time, Ernest Howell . made a
most sympathetic judge . arid I was the
recipient of an ovation. The balance
Cen tnd.
SALINAS. Nov. 2S. — Harry Deabl*. i»Mte<J
!n Contra Oorta County for the theft of a horse
and can from Seiml Brothers of Pachcco, haa
been arretted at San Lucaa by Constable
Dojh. '¦'¦ \'-
BHvidere Brooks, general superin
tendent of the Eastern division of the
Western Union Telegraph Company,
with headquarters in New York, Is in
the city for a brief stay. He is stop
ping as the Palace.
RtTSH IT. Gabriel Printing O&. "Print Any
thing." 419 Eacrareeato ft. Never disappoint. *
J. K. Lynch yesterday roed for an
Injunction to restrain the Piper-Aden-
Goodall Company from selling 609
shares of its stock on November 80
for a delinquent assessment of 16 a
share. The stock wu owned by A. E.
Pryor, a director of the company, who
borrowed 114,000 from Lynch ahd In
dorsed the stock to him as security.
Restrains Sale of Stock.
When you have an aversion to food It
la an Indication that you should take
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitten. •
Whosoever enter the Alcazar Thea
ter during the present week to see the
performance of "The Christian" Is as
sured of a full return for the money
and time expended. The play lasts
until near midnight, but It is made In
teresting by the excellent work of the
stock company from beginning to end.
John Craig made a great hit last
evening at the opening performance
in the role of John Storm, and Lillian
Lawrence did well with Glory Quayle.
The remainder of the stock people
filled in with little to cavil at and
much to be pleased "with. Adele Bel
gard was stunning as Mrs. Callender.
The scenery was elaborate, especially
in the prologue. The Alcazar will be
entitled to enroll "The Christian" on
its list of leading successes. The audi
ence at the opening filled the house
and was more than usually demon
strative, calling: the leading people
before the curtain repeatedly.
Alcazar.
Columbia,
Last night Maxlne Elliott began the
second week of her engagement In
"Her Own Way" at the Columbia.
That the clever company of the Ma
jestic found "In Mizzoura" a congen
ial play and gave it such an Interpre
tation as Augustus Thomas had in
mind when he created that gem of
drama was admitted last night by a
highly gratified audience. Frank
MacVicars was certainly a happy se
lection for the role of the blacksmith,
Joe Vernon. He looiced the part and
spoke it with a delicious dialect. Too
much praise cannot be given J. H. Gil
mour for his excellent impersonation
of Jim Radburn, the hero Sheriff.
Adele Block, the heroine, did not have
more than half an opportunity as
Kate Vernon, but she embraced It-
Margaret Maclyn gave a convincing
interpretation of the role of Mrs. Ver
non. The fun of the play— and de
lightfully spontaneous' it was — was
furnished by that incomparable pair,
Elsie Es\nond and Harry Mestayer.
Majestic.
The Clarence sisters, singing and
dancing girls, direct from the Antipo
des, made their first appearance In
this country at the Chutes yesterday
and scored successes at both perform
ances. Ranee Smith proved an amus
ing monologist, and Ted E. Box, the
eccentric comedian and whistler, was
encored time and again. Edward
Ravmond and Beatrice Trlcey contin
ued their clever comedietta, "A Mr.
and a Miss Mistaken"; Duke Johnson
and Mae Wells, the colored singing
and dancing duo, changed their spe
cialty, and Mabel Lamson, the popu
lar singer of illustrated songs, and the
biograph, showing some exceptionally
interesting moving pictures, completed
the programme. The amateurs prom
ise many surprises in living pictures
on Thursday night.
Tbe Chutes.
The programme win be arranged bo
as to appeal to all classes of music
lovers. Borne of the student songs
end other college music is played by
the orchestra In a characteristic man
ner.
Among the cities to be shortly vlslt
?fl by the orchestra are San Jose,
N'apa. Santa Rosa, Sacramento and
Stockton.
The University orchestra of Berke
ley will give a concert at the Opera
house In San RaJael Saturday evening.
December 8, and one at Hearst Hall
In Berkeley Tuesday evening. Decem
ber 6. William C. Davis. f 07. violin
ist, will be the soloist at both con
certs. Paul Thelen, B. A., will be the
accompanist. The orchestra will be
under the direction of H. G- Maxwell
of Ean Francisco.
This is one of the prominent »tu
tfent ergtniM.tlons at Berkeley. It Is
composed of thirty student members,
all e* whom are experienced players.
The orchestra has given a number cf
very »uccessful concerts In Berkeley.
It Is planned now to give a series of
concerts in the surrounding cities and
towns, th« first of which will take
plae« at San Rafael. . The repertoire
of the orchestra Includes many num
bers of the lighter classics, as well aa
some of the best of the popular music
of the day.
University Concerts.
ently bestows her temper on her hus
band and tries her caresses on the dog.
Mr. Shanley is annoyed, but helpless.
An uncle's letter of congratulation—
"give her her head untll's she's wind
ed, then collar her at the stretch"—
however, gives him the cue, and he
gives the lady a taste of her own medi
cine. The dog exits in a soup tureen.
Miss Tyce also continues, and this week
yodels fetchingly. Miss Jermon assists.
Then De Witt, Burns and Torrance as
the animated toys will delight for an
other week, with the clever seals of
Captain Webb.-- It is a good bill.
v BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew are as
good as new. this week in a comical
condensed version of "The Taming of
the Shrew." They call it "When Two
Hearts Are Wbn," and though delight
fully improbable the sketch | is also de
lightfully funny. It is mostly about a
dog. The Shanleys, six hours married,
arrive at their hotel. -Mrs.; Shanley
has a temper and a dog.' She Inconsist-
The waters under the earth, the hea
vens above and between, have all been
scoured for the Orpheum bill this week.
There is pretty much everything on
tap, in fact, but a bad "number. One
such they might have furnished for
variety and the critic's sake, but there
Isn't a target in sight. Distinctly mon
otonous I call the bill! <
Sam Elton heads it this week. To
Mr. Elton belongs the proud distinction
of having made the Shah laugh. But
the gentleman's testimonials are in
adequate. Just how many years the
Shah had been taking— say John T,
Kelly — unsuccessfully before he was
cured by Mr. Elton, is not stated. Not
that Elton is not funny enough to make
anything with a mouth laugh. Still
one would like to know what other en
tertainment the Persian monarch had
tried besides broiling the Babus and
such. HaSvMiss Tyce yodeled for him?
— but this Is not Mr. Elton, and Mr.
Elton is a very good thing. You might
call him an arm without the check
comedian.
He is the prince of waiters and the
despair of the crockery man — until his
finale. He carries two armfuls of
plates safely through a hair-raising
tumble all over the stage, and with an
unbroken breakfast of eggs in his
pockets. He walks inlo tho chiffon
ier afterward by one door and*out by
another with another yard of crock
ery that they could take up with a
carpet swte^r wlien he gets through
with it.
Clement de Lion Is also new. Mr. de
Lion, who preludes that if "you look
as close as possible now you will see
and now you will don't see nothing,"
Juggles with billiard balls. It is Just
as th« Juggler says, only that you
"will don't see nothing" all the time
of the vanishing and reappearing: balls,
except what he wants you to see. It is
peculiarly deft-handed and pretty
work.
Then, besides Miss Tvca, who yodels
— when shall I forget that .Hibernian
dithyramb? — there is muslo of the
much better sort on the programme.
It is furnished by Marguerite le Roy
and Slgnor G. Riccl. All the evidence
is in favor of Miss le Roy's having
hailed from the New Orleans French
Opera Company, whence she has been
heralded. She has chic, taste, piquancy
and eminently good . training, with a
voice, however, hardly heavj? enough
for the Orpheum. But like her method
it is of the prettiest, and it would be
wise for her not to attempt to force it
beyond its limits. " Her songs were
"Heart and !Hand," by Lecoca. and
"Star of My Life," Corliss, sung in
charming French, and a soprano obli
gato to the "Cavalleria" intermezzo
played by Signor G. Ricci. Ricci is a
capable and vivacious violinist, who
would have dor>* more Justice to him
self and his audience In better selec
tions- The new acrobatics are also of
unusual excellence. They are cpntrfb
uted by the Josselln trio of aerialists,
who give some highly graceful and sen
sational stunts on a triple trapeze and
a rope.
Several new and attractive features
were shown at Fischer's last night, in
cluding- the Mexican quintet, the Fern
comedy four and the Washer brothers,
midget boxers. The Arabian acrobats
are still on the bill and prove as pop
ular as ever. All the new numbers
are good and were well appreciated.
Fischer's.
TWO STARS OF THE "VriLLLA.M3 AJO> WALKER COMPANY. WHICH WILX.
OPETN AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON IN AN
ELABORATE PRODUCTION OF "IN DAHOMEY." • ,
"The Show Girl." with Its medley
of songs, dances and pretty costumes,
continues to hold the boards at the
Grand Opera-house this week. Begin
ning with next Sunday's matinee Wil
liams and Walker will open a two
weeks' Engagement, presenting the
musical comedy, "In Dahomey." The
piece is filled with good music and
continuous action, guaranteed to
please the most blase and not offend
the most fastidious. Williams and
Walker, their wives and their sup
porting company have crowded the
New York Theater on Broadway dur
ing a long engagement and had a suc
cessful run of nearly eight months at
the Shaftsbury Theater In London and
by royal command entertained King
Edward and a company of guests at
Buckingham Palace. The sale of
seats will- begin Thursday.
Grand Opera- nous e.
of the company gave evidence of care
ful study.
EASTPpRT, Me.. Nov. 28.— Ten Amer
ican fishing craft, including eight sail
ins vessels and two steamboats, have
been seized by the Canadian fisheries
protection cruiser Curlew and fined for
Illegal flshing in the Canadian waters
of a' tributary of Pasaamaquoddy Bay,
near St. George, last night. Three spe
cific charares were placed against the
vessels — that they had fished on Sun
day, that they had Illegally caught fish
found In their possession and that they
had seined illegally In Canadian waters.
For the first two offenses each boat was
fined $100 and for the last $200. In addi
tion to this all of the seines and fish
were confiscated.
It Is understood that the fines will be
paid and that the entire matter will be
disposed of without involving any In
ternational question. The aggregate
value of the craft is about 120,000. The
seizure Is the most extensive that has
been made by> a Canadian cruiser for
many years.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— Taking
their cue from Xhe statements contained
in the Eastport dispatch. State Depart
ment officials are not expecting the
seizure of the American fishing vessels
to be made an issue between the Gov
ernments of Canada and the United
States.
Owners Are Assessed on
Three Counts and Their
Equipment Is Confiscated
HEAVY EES T ES DEPOSED
Canadian Cruiser Bounds
Up Fishing Craft, Alleged
to Have Been Poaching
TEN AMERICAN
BOATS SEIZED
JUGQUNQ. ACROBATICS
' AMD SINGING DELIGHT
ELTON LEADS THE ORPHEUM
BILL WITH CLEVER WORK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER -29, 1904.
9
ICEW APVCTCTlSmCEfT^^
Mop* ttchlftf of tbe #calp Instantiy.
<SO1N&1 G-QING»!! GONE Hi
mnenwuunn. rancur m un n. roouTirsntmoBL
IICtl/DDniO UCDniniftr enc«o>b««otJrulh«Ir. Buu on the other tuns.
iwLff nnll il nrnrSlllllr thenaen contour of fesialefaeelows much ollii
IlkllUllU V IILIII lUIUL attractiveneM If the hair Is scanty or looks ait-
f-Tfrrf Iwrt fttt "tHi tti tiu-*n t.r» * «Med. The (Undrulf mltrobt ctustt dull. brt;d«
*-—»,, .Mcwnmira. or luttreJm hair with Uter dandruff. Itchtef seals
fllHTF Hnypl Y— .nillT? ITTBlPTrVC *»¦ WIIn « h * lr - Newbro # » Hsrplclde destroys
WUIC nUfcCLI yUHC AlinAUIIVt thisenemyofbesoty.fidpem.lt.theh.lriorxnr
Tbe i-os!«o with ho««!y featnrec *1H not Uck «t- as nature Intended. A delightful^**!* dre«»lng.
tracaveaessilherlMAdlscrowaedwitaanabund- (jives woodrrful results. No oil or dye. , .— ',-
Oru nsrtt. S1X3. Uit 10c. ttrssi ti RE8Pi:i3£ CO, OioL B. OatrelL KiclU tot a sags.
AmraATionn at yaoMtygarg »imeb mcofb.. J
AMUSOIENTS;
oimfifllJiioiM
A new TJvolt tii- ssp ¦ • f ¦-"•
In three acts, called: -rr- It j,
U Vfkf f\ TIVOU CAST:
W\. fllVf «t Including: Wlllarl
Aa*iil>I^J» Slmms. Teddy
Webb. Edwin
t^^ W 4%l <" lark-.-. William
¦ flff 1g 91 3 Schuster. Br-n Dtl-
AJF *^Jr &jt 'on. Irene Outtrlxa.
Edith Mason. Dora
de FUlippe, B«ssi« Tannehill. •
Eeats Always Selling— K*e. Ttvoll Price*
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAT.
SURPRISESand NOVELTIES
i SAM ELTON,
"THE MAX WHO MADS THE SHAH
LAUGH;"
Marirnerlt* Z>«S07 and Slff. Oollelmo
Bled: Jossalia Trio; Clement de Lion.
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew; Webb's
Seals; Do Witt, Bans and Torraace;
Tyoe and Jermon, and Orphetxm Motion
Picture*. Showlasr "The Itost Child"
and Other Novelties.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Th«rs«
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c. 25c and SOc.
S CALIFORNIA •,
ITO-NIQHT! i:
OLIJE MACK and JOB W. 5PEAR3
Present the San Francisco Favorites. jf
GALLAGHER & BARRETT \
In Ute Evergrwn Snecisa. %
FIININIGAN'S BALL
Funniest Irish Farr« Cbmedy EVer
Written. \
Next Sunday Matin** — THB WIX«-
LJAM H. WEST MINSTRELS. \
_- The Triumph of Modem ilisjtrt'jy. • 3
( Absolutely Plreproof.)
H. W. BISHOP.... Lessee and Mxr.inr
TO-NIGHT i AT y AT . TO-NIGHT
23c — THURSDAY MATIXEE— 25 o
Oliver Morocco OCsrs
Howard Oonld — J. H. Ollmonr
And the' Majestic Theatsr Company la
The Unabridged Production, According to tbe.
Author's Script, of Augustus Thomas'
Great Play.
"IN MIZZOURA" (
REAPPEARANCE OF ADELE BLOCK.
:•*.>•': Next— 'THB SENATOR."
TOST LUBELSKI General Manager
»* :-» "RIGHT IN IT AOA1X."
Another Great Prmfrainme— Witnessed and Ap-
plauded by 4C0O People Yesterday.
PEOPLE'S
OPULAR
RICES
10c and 20c— no higher.
Greatest VandevW* Performance for the,
prices In the world. Children.: to any part of
the theater. 10c. Performance every afternoon
at 2:3ft. Every evenlns at 7:30 and 9. Contin-
uous Saturday and Sunday Matinees from 2 to
5. Continuous Saturday and Sunday Evenings
from T to 11.
10 HIOH-CLAF3 •HEADLIXERS."
Startling. New European Moving Pictures.
A Snlandid Show Every Afternoon and
Xvealaar In the Theatsr.
DOX'T FAIL TO SEB
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THE REK5XTNO SENSATION OF CONET
ISLAND and Ui» WORLD'S FAIR.
A NHVKR TO BE FORGOTTEN HPECTACLE.
AMATEUR NIGHT and ELECTRIC FOUX-
. TAIN THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 3c
THE WEEKLY^ALL
$1 oer Year.
F To be a successful wife, to retain the love ¦
and admiration of her husband should be a
woman's constant study. Mrs. Brown and
Mrs. Potts tell their stories for the benefit
of all wives and mothers.
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham :— Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound will make eTery mother well, strong, healthy and happy. I dragged
through nine ye3rs of miserable existence, worn out with pain and weariness.
1 then noticed a statement of a woman troubled as I was, and the wonderful
result* 6he had had from your Vegetable Compound, and decided to try what
it would do for me, and used it for three months. At the end of that time I
was a different woman, the neighbors remarked it, and my husband fell in
lore with me all over again. It seemed like a new existence. I had been suf-
fering with inflammation and falling of the womb, but your medicine cured
that and built up my entire system, till I was indeed like a new woman. —
Sineerel' yours, Mbs. Chas. F. Bbows, PI Cedar Terrace, Hot Springs, Ark.,
Vice President Mothers' Club." ft *•
Suffering women should not fail to profit by Mrs. Brown's ex-
periences ; just as surely as she was cured of the troubles enumer-
ated in her letter, just so surely will Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cure other women who suffer from womb troubles,
inflammation of the ovaries, kidney troubles, nervous excitability,
and nervous prostration. Read the story of Mrs. Potts to all
mothers: —
m agn*^. " DeJlb Mrs. PnrxHAM : — During the early
part of my married life I was very delicate
in health. I had two miscarriages, and both
k In y husband and I felt Tery badly as we were
anxious to have children. A neighbor who
afiBS^^^^^^k had b<?en usin S Lydia E. Pinkham's
MB&fe}W&g£".Z&R$A Vegetable Compound advised me to try
Jh^^^<^»&^^ it, and I decided to do so. I soon felt that
WBP^^S^^jbf^fejJ^^^^^ my appetite Tvaa increasing, the headaches
Ism gradually decreased and finally disappeared,
tggBggflUfe »*Kfe i^|« &nd m 7 general health improved. I felt as
I va&S^-H* V* l/^^^^^r nevr bJ 00^ coursed through my veins, the
\-:iy&^*3%\'& Jtf&^^S&i sluggish tired feeling disappeared, and I be-
¦M^^^^^S^-5^Vt^^^^S " "Within a year after I became the mother
HfSB3S9^^^^xjjj|pS£'w| |w of a strong healthy child, the joy of our home.
V"" JSSJrV^y -T^'U You certainly have a splendid remedy, and I
y*Jf M %t> j'; I '/}. wish, every mother knew of it. — Sincerely
IKg|$ A A0^~\^^^^[f y 011 ™' ¦A- 5^^ Potts, 510 Park Ave., Ho't
>^f : r^ : J^^%v y 011 ee^ a^ ere anything at all
¦'«? I unusual or puzzling about your case, or
? t\5&^ if you "wish confidential advice of the
most experienced/ write to Mrs. Pink-
ham, Lynn, 3Ia.ss^ and you will be advised free of charge. Lydia E.
Pinkbam'6 Vegetable Compound has cured and is curing thousands
of cases of female troubles — curing them inexpensively and absolutely.
Remember this when you go to your druggist. Insist upon getting
Lydia Em Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
. ' ADVERTISE3JDEXTS. ._ n^_ nj ..
jyWiVjiffig^ M F or Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
ANbgetablePrcparationfbrAs- \M ;•}':. „
ting the Stomachs andBowels of M BSQXS tllO Jy i
Promotes Digeation.Cteerful- m ° ff -/ |AT
nessandRest Contains neither m n f K % 9 tF
Opium.Morphiiie nor Mineral. Kq \)i J?Y{\\j
Tvox Narcotic. 'M fiLVi VS
JtuvcafCUDrSAMMfaQBR }i I \ef\
Jtx.S/nnti * I ;• I \JT\ ¦
Pt^rrmmt - * > *W f\ illE 3 I I
itiSrirafefiai** J m' i\ 111 w ¦••
Aperfecl Remedy forConsfipa- % I \| fit UOC
Hon. Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea I 1^/
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- w I fj f ft « ifllinP
ness and Loss or SLEEP, i \^ fOl UVul
1 Thirtu Yparc
NEW YORK. I I I II Illy lull ID
exact copy or wpapper. *gj SB »38 Hja w j £ | a | w 3^
TMC CKNTAUM COKKN* r.fM VOHII CrTV.
GRANDSSSIg
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST WEEK
Of the Succwtful Musical Tomfoolery
The
Show Girl
XEW SONGS, DANCES * SPECIALTIES.
NEXT SUNDAY . THE ROYAL
MATINEE g COMEDIANS
Williams & Walker -ffSiSS-
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
vUaLUI¥i0BM lEADraa «g
SECOND AND XJLST WEEK feTTT ONE.
MATINEE SATURDAY. .
Charles B. DlUlneham present*
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In th» Clyde fitch Cemedy,
HER O\A/rN \A//\V r
Nwtt Sunday night — G«rman performance,
"IM WEIS3EN ROESSI*" Sf»U readj.
Comin«— "A CHINESE HONHlfMOOX."
A T f^ A T A "r>B*la»co & Mayer.
ALLAZAK eTT&s;
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
Tlia Greatest Stock Com-
I TUP I P*ay in America la Hall
I J| jTll> I Caine's Maiter "Work.
n CHRISTIAN
An Original Version of the Beat Play of
Modern Times.
MISS LAWRENCE aa GLORY QUAYl^E.
MR. CRAIO as JOHN STORM.
Etc.. 23c to 73c. Mats.. 2S« to 5Oc.
Dec. 5 — J M. Barrle's SweetPst Comedy,
THB PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY.
Market st.. near Eighth. Phono South 933.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
Tbe greatest Eastern success of recent years,
first time here of the excellent comedy
drama,
THE LITTLE CHVRCH
AROUND THE CORNER
A tala of real life'. Humor! Pathos! Wit!
The Insane Asylum at Btackwell Island.
Tbe Fight in the Tower.
Xmas and tit* bllssard.
POPULAR PRICES — Eve. 10c to We. Mats.
ioc_x* 1 _ 25 c.
N«t— "THE SUBURBAN."
BaciEg! j$& Bating!
New JV$A~ Jockey
California y@* : Club
OAKLAND TXACX.
Commencing SATURDAY. November 12.
Racing every weekday, rain or shins.
' Races start at sflS p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at th« track tak*
Si P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12 00
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2:60. lie turning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TRKAT. Secretary.
jtfjSCTiXANTEotra T AarcsrotKXTS.
LYRJC HALL «• Er>DT **•
l~t 1 AXJVr n/Aavlw Above Mason
THIS .WEEK ONLY \
TO-NICHT at 8:15
Mats. To-morrow A FtI. at 8:S0; Bat. at 8.
BEN GREBT'S PLAYERS
S»" TEe Star of Bethlehem
A Miracle Play of the Nativity by Prof.
Charles Mills . Gayley.
RESERVED SEAT.-- J1.50. $1.00 and 75c
Box Office Sherman. Clay * Oo»'a. -
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABJrr ST. Established
in 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manbood. Debility or
rltiPBs- wearinron body and nilnrl »:ni
Skin Diseases. Tlie Doetor rare*' when
other* fall. Try him. C*arg»« low.
4'orrtpoarnnlrtd. Call or writa.
Dr. JT. r. tilBBOHr, Baa Traacisoo. Cat
ADVERTISE3LENT&
J THE EVOLUTION I
/OTA I
Coop Cook |
_j|£|p||| From KO beef exfract $
-jj«toiii*G? to ANY beef extract J
§ then to the ON £ |
beef extract — |
iplfet COMPANY^ I
flpiil) EOTRACTc?BEEF 1
El fcjjjjgffi > With BlueSi^nature 1
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is th let it alone. If you try]
any other way it will get the best ofl
you. If you can't let It alone you needl
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures tbe Uquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting tho
system in its natural condition, where
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery ¦ of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in three
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
is absolutely safe and cannot harm the
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money in drinking whisky
when- you can be cured of the liquor
habit in three days with no chance of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think it over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full information. Address H
G*ary street, San Francisco, Cal. Phone
1067 Main.
DfliflfP DONTfAILTO
laiUtW Bee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Ifm room, the EMPIRE
ailu . parlor, the
ri j PALM ROOM, the
Ilf/Ma LOUIS XV PAR.
, II J. 1 DIES' WRITING
Motels I goOM -
'EVER^BLAIEmRRArfllD
[pAn-rco'd CURE SICK HEADACHE.
uAKICno «... „
Ittle Genuine Must Bear
vER . Fa»-Simila SignatureOAKLAND— Monday, Nov. 28. Weather fine. Track muddy.
7470. _ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-yearolds~and up; value to first. $325.
Indexl Horse : and Owner. JWt St. %. %"%. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7437 | Educate. 6 (S. A. Hoppas) . . . . 104 1 ... 1 1%1 1%1 3 14 W. Davis.. 10 1«
7451 Ishtar, 5 (Molera & Joseph).. 109 4 ... 2 n 2 lVsS 1 2 n Helgesen ... 6 »"
.7467 Yo No Se, tl (D. Shane).... 104 2 ... 3 % 3 1%2 % 3 1% McBride ... 10 -"
F. Grandpa, 3 (Mrs. Coffey).. 1C8 7 ...7 62 6*|4h W. Knapp . * ™
1 469. Mocorito, a (J. Ryan) 114 5" ... 4 1%4 2%5 2 5n Holbrook .. 2 •>--
7407 Inspector Munro. 3 (T.. Fox)... 103 3 ... 53 5% 42 6 % F.Sullivan. & »-
.... Lang James, 3 (W. Cotton).... 106 6 ... 6 n 7 7 7 Bell ....... 3£ «w
.7451 Revolt. * (Gilbert) |109 Left - McLaughln 5 lb-o
Time. :25, :50, 1:16%. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:16. Educate, place.. 6; show. 5-2. Ish
1 tar. place, 4; show. 3-2; Se. show, 3. Winner, b " m. by Russell-Edith. Trained by J.
E. Hoppas. Scratched— Crigll, Military, Doublet. Gold Finder. Start Bood for all cut
Revolt. Won easily. Next four driving hard. Winner is a polished one In sloppy S ol »»
and was. ready to-day. Ishtar could always do better on a dry track. Too short rcr
Foxy Grandpa. Mocorito ran- a poor race. So did Insriector Munro. -,,-«-*
74SO. SECOND RACE— Or.e mile; 4-year-olds and up; selling; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlst. !i. %. ~%. Str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
745-' Estado 5 (C. F. Tanner) 102 4 3 2 4 2 4 1^2 3 1 H4|F. Sullivan. 3 16-5
25«) Follow Me, 6 (Mosier Bros.).. 107 2 2 1%2 % 1 % 1 n 2 fi Loagus 10 20
1 745.1 Chickadee, 5 (F. Whitman).. 107 5 «%5n G3 52 3 1^ Holmes 5-2 13-j
, (i077 Jco John, 4 (H. Mann).... 108 0 5 n 6 4 5 l%3 n 4 94 Holbrook .. 50 10n
7470 Achilles. 5 (J. J. McCabe) 110 3 4 2^3 % Z =H 4 n 5 4 J.T.Sheehan 8 »
• 4U58 Rainier, a (H. Donahue) ..... 107 1 1 1%1 % 2 h 63 6n Bell ICO CO
7470 Morengo. a iMaryland Stable) 107 771 72738 74 Helgesen . . 2 11-5
i 74 lLii onl^i (L - H - Estell > 102 8 8 _ 8 8 T %8_ Barrett ... _ 15 _ 50
I Time— : 25'/., : 51, 1:18%'.' 1:44^. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:39. Estado, place. 6-5: show,
1-2. Follow Me, place, 7-2; show, 8-5. Chickadee, show. 1-2. Winner, ch. gr. by Nor.
folk-Florentina. Trained by C. F. Tanner. Scratched— Badly Used, Glenrice, Miss Cul
ver. Start good. Won ridden out. Second stopping. Third driving. Sullivan rode a good
race on the winner. Follow Me was a -trill 8 short or he would have scored. Chickadee
can do bettsr.- Morengo is a poor betting proposition at any time.
7481. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and OwDer. Wt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. a.
7475 Ara (Stevens & Co.) 106 4 ... 4 5 3 n 4^1% IW. Davis.. 5-2 13-5
7401 Edua Sullivan (P. Sullivan).. 103 8 ... 8 6 2 5 5 2 ns |J. Kelly... 50 60
7444 Meada (Bianchi & Co.) 103 5 ... 3 % 4 6 2 n 3 % IF. Sullivan 3-5 3-5
673G Marie J (Jones & Co.) 108 1 ... 2 1^2 2^3 3 4 2V£| W. Knapp. 8 15
7475 Edrodun (Larogia & Co.) 108 2 ... I%lnln53 [Helgesen .. 1O 15
7473 Macene (U H. Esell) 103 3 ... T3 8 6^66 jBarrett ... 2O 40
7450 Lily Goldlng (J. T. Collins).. 103 7 ... 5n7%8 7 Vt (Alvarado . 20 25
7456 Vel (Hamilton & Co.) 108 6 ... 6 2»45 n 7 n 8 jHolbrook .. 50 100
Time— :25»4: :52. 1:13%. At post 1& minutes. Off 'at 2:05%. Ara. place. 11-20; show,
1-4. Sullivan, place, 20; show, 8. Meada, show, out. Winner, br. c. by Governor
Foraker-Modjeska. Trained by J. D. Stevens. Scratched — Glendene. Herthus, Lena Le
ford, Mabel Bates. Start good. "Won in a hard drive of three. Davis put up a strong
finish on the winner. As race was run Edna Sullivan was best. Sullivan on Meada
was pocketed part of the way. With clear sailing latter should have won. Marie J
ran a nice race. Edrodun quit. I
7482. FOURTH RACE — One mile, selling; 4-year-olds and uj: value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt St. V4- Vi. \. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7445 Tsabellita. 4 (J. Ronaldson) . . . 107 6 8 4 & 4 1 3 1%1 % W. Knapp. 6 7
7437 Bronze Wing, 6 (Fountain)... 102 7 1 1141 % 1 2^1 3 2 7 I*. Fountain 8 6
7466 Mountebank, a (W. Keating). 107 1 2 2 2 2 2 h 2 V, 3 2 P. Sullivan 3-2 1
744!» LeaRh, 4 (L. Levy) 107 3 6 n 7 -7 4 2 4 l*i League ... 1*> 1"
7406 Meistereinger, o (Wright).... 110 2 3 % 3 % 3 1%5 15 2 Kunr 4 10
7W2 IJ. V. Kirby, 5 (G. Strobel) 107 5 72 6 <J 6 "J (1 1 6 1% Helgesen .. fl 9
74i'6 [The Fretter. a (O'Rourke).... 115 4 5 1%5 h 5 n 7 7 J. T. Shehn 10 17
Time— :25. :50H. l:l«?i. 1:44. At post 1% minutes. Off at 3:29J£. Isabellita. place. 2;
shew. 4-5. Wins, place. 2; show. 4-5. Mountebank, show, 1-4. Winner, br. m. by Rey
El Santa Anita-Teo«iallna. Trained by E. McNamars. Scratched — Hindoo Princess.
Anvil, Scotsman, Allopath. Ripper. Start good. Won In a hard drive of two. Third
stopping. Bronze Wine made Mountebank quit, and was In turn run down by Isabel
lita. Knapp made a perfect race on latter. Leash did fairly well. Meisterstnger quit.
Klrby can do better on a dry track.
7483. FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs: purse: two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index . Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. OpI Cl7
(7463) The Mist (W. H. Hammond).. 103 2 ... In In 12 1% McLeughn 2 9-5
7t3S Hooligan (D. S. Fountain) 103 5 ... 5 1 1 ,&4 % 4 n 2 ns U Fountan 8 7
Sir Brillar (C. T. Henshall).. 110 4 ... 4 % 5 5 5 5 3*6 Kuns 1 £-10
74K5 Sea Air <T. E. McLaughlln).. 103 3 ... 2 h 2 2%2 % 4 6 W. Knapp.. 30 23
"(7444) Estella J (W. B. Jennings) .. 103 1 ... 34 32 3 2 6 6 W. Davis.. 10 25
7437 lGeorge P. McNear (H. Stover) 108 6 . . .6 6 6 6 Larsen 30 60
Time — :25Va. :50%. 1:08%^ At post }4 minute. Off at 3:54%. MIst^~plaee. 1-2; out show.
Hooligan, place. 8-5; show, 11-20. Brillar out show. Winner, ch. t. by Masnet-Tene—
brae. Trained by D. Cameron. Start good. Won In a hard drive of four. McLaughlin
rode winner the shortest route. With a more experienced rider up Hooligan would have
won- Sir Brillar a slow beginner, closed very strong. Sea Air is gradually rounding to.
Estfcile J gave It up. McNear could not untrack Mmself in the going. ¦
7484. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. P^M 51 ' H« ¥»• ,,%. Str. Fin. \ Jockey. Op"! cT7
(7465) H Jj. Frank (D. Cameron) 106 1 ... 15 17 16 11 McLaughln 7-10 17-20
(7431) Magrane (Magrane & Co.) 109 3 ... 2 3 2 7 2 5 2 12 W. Davis .. 3 11-5
7477 Standard (J. J. McAlester) 100 5 ... 8 4 3 2%3 * 3 5 F. Sullivan 25 100
648G Coroner Kelly (Molera & Co.). 108 4 ... 4 % 5 15 5 15. 4 4 Helgesen .30 30
74eo Red C. Nurse (D. A. Ross). 10S 6 ... 5 3 4 3%4 2 6 25 Holbrook .. 3 5.
7465 Hugh McGowan (H. Rowell). 108 2 ...6 6 6 6 Hoffman ... 20 100
Time, :24, :49%. 1:14. At post % minute. Off at 4:25. Frank, place. 2-5: show. out. Ma.
Krane. place, 4-5; show, out. Standard, show, 3. Winner, ch. g. by Mariner-Plumeria,
Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched — Whoa Bill, Toupee, Komombo, .Presidio. Dolly Var
den. The Lieutenant. Start poor. Won in a drive of two. Third easily. McLaughlin on
winner cut across his field at the start, badly Interfering with Magrane. Without this
early 111 luck latter would probably have finished first. Standard ran a good race. Red
Cross Nurse can do better.
Fourth race— Blue Eyes, Gateway,
Military Man.
Fifth race— Andrew B. Cook, Re
dan. Invader.
Sixth race^ — G. W. Trahern, Bjron
erdale, Heather Honey.
First race — Doublet, Bard Burns,
San Lutlon.
Second race — Del Carina, Silverskln,
Cardinal Sarto.
Third race — Major Tenny, Laocoon,
Play Ball.
BY FRED E. 3rULHOLLAXD.
HOW THE HORSES SHOULD PERFORM
PARIS. Nov. 28.— The Third Tribunal of the
Seme to-day heard the pleadings in the Rejane-
Porei divorce case. The hearing: was not pub
lic an-i the court's decision went over for a
week. . ,
SANTA RO6A. Nov. i 28.— John Hickey en
tered a plea of "Not guilty" vln the Superior
Court to-day, to th« . charge of murdering , Ed.
¦ward Healey., of . San Francisco at the ¦ Stony
Point quarries two weeks < ago. • ¦ Hickey stab- 1
bed Healey, to death. • Tho trial of Hickey will
take place In * January. -> " .. .
STOCKTON. Nov. 28.— The body of the man
found -drowned in the San Joaquln River near
Fourteen Mil* Slouyh, has not yet been' Iden
tified. Tha deceased was ¦ about 55 years of
age. wore bow glasses, a blue suit of good
clothes, soft black shirt and necktie and on
his left arm ' Just - below the bleeps was tat
tooed "W. B." * ** 1
COLUMBUS,, Ohio, Nov. 28.—Gen
eral Jacob S. Coxey of Mount Vernon,
notorious as the leader of the ¦."com
monwealth" ¦ army, to-night filed a
personal petition in. bankruptcy in the
United 'States court here. • His liabil
ities are given at $287,000. His as
sets consist of : 2560 -shares of stock in
the; Coxey Steel and Silica Sand Com
pany.and an unsecured note for $11, -
000. • The Coxey Steel and Silica. Sand
Company, is. now in the hands 'of a re
ceiver. ' . , ,
HELENA, Mont.. 'Nov. , 28.— Ralph
Pulitzer, son of the proprietor of the
New York World, through his lawyer, 1
to-day pleaded guilty of killing' a
mountain sheep in Teton County In
1900. He was fined $500. r -:
Editor Pulitzer's Son Fined.
COXEY, OP ARMY FAME,,
.UNABLE TO PAY DEBTS
The feature, of the second ladles'
evening of the season at the Young
Men's Christian Association to-night
will be a game of basket-ball between
the Blues and the Whites. The teams
will be made up as follows: Blues —
Miss G. E. Roberts (captain),
Miss J. I* Rboerts, Mis3 Haw
jthorne, Miss Woods and Mrs.
Ward. "Whites — Miss B. J. Scpville
(captain), Miss Baccus. Miss Williams.
Mrs. Allen and Mrs. Rodden. Two
leading teams of the, men's league will
also play an exhibition game. Other
numbers are wrestling, potato race,
acrobatic stunts and springboard div
ing.
To Play Basket-Rail.
CHICAGO, Nov. 28.— Willie Fitzgerald
of Brooklyn won the decision over
Charles Neary of Milwaukee at the end
of a ten-round fight here to-night. Neary
was knocked down four times in the
first round and Just managed to last
until the bell rang.
. He came back strong ' for the second
round, ; but the Eastern man was too
clever for him, and up to theendof the
fourth ,round Neary was not able to
land an effective blow. Neary managed
to even matters in the next, five rounds,
although his tactics at times were'of a
rough character. In the last round Fitz
gerald tried for a knockout. He landed
two" right * swings on •Neary's jaw, ' ; but
the latter, although dizzy and stagger
ing, , remained : on his feet. Fitzgerald
had a big. mar gin on the, round: and the
decision of the referee* gave general sat
isfaction. , Both' men \ were 1 tired at the
finish. , v
r In the same ring earlier In the, night
Monte Attell . of : San 1 Francisco was
eiven the decision over Johnny Reagan
Willie Fitzgerald Gets the Decision
Over'Neary In n Ten-
Round Bout.
MONTE ATTELLi TOO GOOD
FOR REAGAN OF. BROOKLYN
of Brooklyn after eight rounds of fast
fighting. The men met at 116 pounds,
and in getting down to weight Reagan
weakened himself so much that he was
hardly able to fight at his best. Attell
had a clean lead on points at the end
of the bout. . ':
Many months have j elapsed since
the last ladies' competition on the
Presidio links, but play will be re
sumed to-day and will continue
regularly until tike middle of
April. Beginning at 9:30 this morn r
Ing, there will be a handicap
over eighteen holes, medal play.
A schedule of competitions has
been arranged for the women's annex
of the San Francisco Golf and Coun
try Club. Miss Edith Chesebrough is
ladies' captain and represents the la
dies on the tournament committee.
The handicap match play competi
tion, the qualifying rounds of which
took place on Thanksgiving day
among the men, naa now reached the
semi-final round. In the play-off of
the tie between S. G. Buckbee and W.
H. La Boyteaux in the Qualifying
round the latter won 2 ur> and was
matched against R; I. Bentley in the
opening match round. R. I. Bentley
won, 4 up, 3 to play.
In the semi-final "round R. G. Han
ford will play Worthington Ames, the
latter receiving a handicap of two
strokes, and Dr. J. R. Clark is match
ed against R. I. Bentley, the latter re
ceiving a handicap of seven strokes.;
Men's Handicap Matcft Contest, Be
gun Thanksgiving: Day, Has.
Reached Seml-Final Round.
WOMEXJS ANNEX RESUMES
PLAY ON PRESIDIO LINKS
TRACK NOTES."**
J. TV. Brooks, manager of the L»os
Ang'eles Jockey Club, was a visitor at
the track yesterday.
TV. Davis won on two of his mounts
and v/as once second. "Smiling
Mickey" McLaughlin also piloted a
brace of winners over the* mark.
"Big Bill' Knapp finally broke the
ice after a three-day spell of ill luck
by reaching home ; astride Isabellita.
Molera & Josephs lost Ishtar from
the first r,ace. The mare, a half-sister
to Hamburg Belle, . was claimed for
$725 by James Ryan, owner of Moco
rito. . ' , .
; After the last race there were
three claims put in for Magrane. As
Standard finished third. Tote Ramsey
had prior claim, securing the brown
colt for $825.
Follow Me. won the Denver Derby
four years ago. He was then owned
by Sam • ftleyri wether., , Loague rode
the outsider strictly^ to orders. . If the
boy had been told to go out and make
the running Estado would probably
have been unable to get up.
Edna Sullivan was as good. as 100
to 1 In the betting.
Hooligan is a slow beginner and for
a comparative novice in . the saddle
Lloyd Fountain rode a great race.
Stanford will probably ' support the
rule, as ' graduate coaching, especially
under James Lanagan, has been an un
doubted success. It "Is expected that
California will oppose the continuance
of the rule. Under a previous agree
ment it reaulres a vote of both uni
versities to make a' change, bo it is
probable the rule will stand as it Is
for another four years- Stanford will
be represented by C> M. Pickert. '97;-
J. T. Nourse, '01, and R. W. Barrett, '04.
The California committee consists of
Manager E. W. Decoto, Leo Bishop and
Everett Brown. ,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 28.
The agreement between Stanford Uni
versity and the University of California
which provides that only graduate
coaches in football are to be employed
expires on December 31, and the inter
collegiate committee, which is com
posed of three representatives from
each university, will meet at the.Pal
ace Hotelln San Francisco to decide
whether the agreement shall be re
newed for another four years. The
principal clause to be discussed reads
as follows:
Section 1 — After nineteen hundred the head
football coach of each university shall be a
rraduate of the university, at which the coach
ing Is done (providing: that he has attended
the university from which he. graduated at
least two years) or shall have attended: the
university for four full years (It being under
stood that leave of absence shall be counted as
attendance at tho university if they do -not
aggregate more than one semester). He shall
not receive any salary, but .may have all his
expenses paid. Expenses include loss of sal
ary, or loss of ordinary business, during: the
time of coachinr. - , . ¦
Special Dispatch to Ths Call,
Universities Arrange Meet
; ing to Consider a Matter
of Importance to Athletes
7470 'Polonlus (Stewart) 107
7470 'Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 104
7470 Petrol la (Belknap) 109
7301 'Dusty Miller (Sheridan) 102
743tt 'Briers (Rowell) 104
7470 Laocoon (Coffey) 107
7419 Mosketo (Strobel) 109
7474 Brennus (Judge) 113
7436 Colonel Ballantyne (Ronatdson) 112
7470 Play Ball (Daly) 104
Fourth race, one mile, thr#e-y«ar-olds, parse:
7165 Military Man (Ferguson) 103
7485 Gateway (Burnet) 100
7476 Blue Eye» (Sheridan) 10O
7478 Ishlana (Henshall) 100
7477 Whoa Bill (Gilbert) 103
7465 Rowena (Gaylord) 100
Fifth race, flvo and a half furlongs, all ages,
handicap: -
7471 Venator (Rowell) 108
.... Invader (Henshall) 87
6460 Padua (Josephs) 93
(7423)Andrew B. Cook (Stanneld A Ellis).. 112
7451 Redan (Strobel) 102
(65<p»)tArabo (Jennings) no
6408 INlgrette (Jennings) iJ.'lOl
7471 Kenllworth (Stover) 104
¦J434 Judge (McAlester) 103
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and up, selling:
7478 'Kvea G (Coffey). .7 83
7446 'G. \V. Trahern (Summers) "los
(7472)Hea.ther Honey (Austin) 100
(7448)Byronerdale (Crane) " 106
7476 'Major Man sir (Brinkworth) IIII1O8
•Apprentice allowance.
tJennings entry.
ENTRIES AT EMERYVILLE.
The fourth race, at one mile, at
Oakland track to-day will bring: out
a well balanced" field. It
Blue Eyes, Gateway, Military Man and
others. The handicap also gives
promise of a smart contest. Andrew
B. Cook, the bush flyer, will sport silk.
The day's entries:
First race, six furlongs, four- year-olds and
up. gelling :
7401 Albemarle (Quinlan) Ill
7*3» Bard Burns (O'Rourke) 113
7331 Thorndale (Murray) .*. Ill
7428 Galanthus (Coffey) Ill
7455 *Karabel (Boettser) 10G
7400 San Lutlon (Wadsworth) Ill
740O Sir Dougal (.Sheridan) Ill ,
7474 Adirondack (Shannon) Ill
7421 Step Around (Devin) Ill
7409 'Doublet (Fountain) ; 10ft
(74S9)*Berendos (Green) Ill
7419 Blackthorn (Fink) 114
7459 'Sterling Towers (Stockton Stable)... .106
(7455)*Flaneur (Bianchi & Co.) Ill
Second race. Futurity course, for two-year
olds, gellinz:
7427 Herthus (Gilbert) ft... 97
71G8 Platt (Stevens & Son) 100
(742T)*Del Carina (Smith) 101
7H38 Bose Eley (Blaslngame) 07
7463 •Silverskln' (Brinkworth) ...104
7425 *Mald ot Fermoy (Fox) 02
7473 Rossbourne (Wright) 100
7468 Sarto" (Summers) 101
Third race, one mile and fifty yards, three
year-olds and up, celling:
o .-
WILL DISCUSS
COACH QUESTION
Horses That Figure In the Running
at Bennlngg and New
Orleans.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2.— Bennlnys results:
First race, six and a half furlongs — King
Pepper won Clcten second, Mamie Worth third.
Time. 1:214-5.
Second race, six fnxlones — Cabin won. Yeo
man second. Applaud third. Time. 1:15 1-5.
Third race, one mile — Andrew Maclt won.
Irish WJtch second. Stolen Moments third.
Time. 1 :41 2-8.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Chimney 3we«9
won. Festoon second. Scarecrow third. Time*
1:014-5.
Fifth race, seven furlong* — Jimmy Lan* won.
Arsenal second. Blue and Oranjfa third. Tlaa*.
1:29.
Sixth race, on* and a sixteenth mile*—Gey
mam won. Gold Fleur second. Thespian third.
Time. 1:49 2-5.
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 2S. — First race, »tx
furlongs — Flasto won. Lookaway second. Cats.-
Una third. Time. 1:151-5.
Second race, one and a sixteenth mll<?»—
Grefror K won. Tha Repent second. Dan Mo*
Kenna third. Time. 1:47 3-5..
Third race, one mile — Au Revolr won. Mlaa
Betty second. Mlrzen third. Time. 1:41.
Fourth race, seven furlonsa — Cardinal Wolsey
won. Federal second. Burning: Glass third.
T!me. 1:27 1-5.
Fifth race, one and an eighth mlle»—Rome
stead won. Annora J second, Brooklyn tlilrd.
Time. 1:55 S-5.
Sixth race, six furious*— Astartta won, Jo
tette second. Sylvia Talbot third. Time*
1:13 1-5.
RESm/TS OF THE RACES
OX EASTERN TRACKS
Prizes will be offered to the man
heading the list at the end of each
three months and also to the three
players who advance most in that pe
riod. The continuous tournaments
held In the past have lacked these in
ducements. This will be the first
time prizes have been awarded In this
kind of an event, and for that reason
the tournament should prove unusu
ally Interesting and a great success.
Miss Lulu Wegfener antf Miss Santa
Van Vleet will meet this afternoon in
the finals of the handicap singles
tournament, begun last Saturday. Miss
Wegener will give her opponent owe
odds of 3-6. , . "'if ;;
Each player has the privilege of
challenging the man directly above
him. If the challenge Is not accepted
within a week the players change
places. If two players within two
numbers of each other wish to play
they can do bo, but the higher man
need not play unless he wishes to. If
a challenger is beaten he cannot again
challenge until . he has beaten the
man below him.
The tournament committee of the
California Tennis Club met last night
to complete arrangements for the
continuous tournament which it de
cided some time ago to hold. Entries
will close at 4 o'clock next Saturday
afternoon. The tournament will be
gin on Sunday.
When the entries are all in on Sat
urday the players will be classified
and their names drawn for places.
The first man in the first class drawn
will be No. 1. The first man drawn
in the second class will follow the last
man drawn in the first class.
California Club Completes Arrange
ments for Unique and Interesting
Contest to Begin Sunday.
Second race, selling, five furlongs — Perches!
102, Tizen lull. Katherire Ennis 115, Leonado
107. Mr. Dade 98. Lanark 107. Birdie P 107. -
Third race, selling, -«ix furlongs — Pilot 109,
WhM 109, James J. Corbett 104, Dan Collins
104. Landseer 1O4, Krne 104, Liberta 103 Du
tiful 100. Tomahawk ICO. Brick Fowler 98.
Anirad 05. McKee 95.
Fourth race, purse, one and a sixteenth
miles— Brarg 107, Chub 104, Flo Bob 102.
Fifth race, purse, two-year-olds, six fur
lonss — Tyrolean 105, Cutter 105, Gold Rose
100. Ralph Reese 98.
Sixth race, purse, six and a half furlongs —
Tim Payne 105. Rosseric 105, Judge Denton
105. Huapala 102, My Gem 102.
First race, five furlonss, selling — Bath
Beach 115, Interlude 112, Potrero Grande 110,
Miss Provo 115, C. P. Waterhous'j 9S, Brlgetta
00, Carlisle 110, Effervescence 107.
LOS ANGELES', Xov. 2S.— The Ascot Park
entries for Tuesday follow:
Entries at Ascot Park.
TEXX1S PLAYERS TO i M EET
IX CONTINUOUS TOURXEY
"Smiling Mickey" McLaughlin, with
the leg up on H. L. Frank, a 17 to 20
favorite, delivered the merchandise in
the closing' sprint. The speedy sprin
ter jumped away in the lead and, al
though groggy at the finish, he dis
posed of Magrane by a length. Stand
ard, at odds of 100 to 1, fell heir to the*
show. /
Another pronounced favorite bit the
dust in the mile selling number. Moun
tebank, also piloted by Sullivan, had
his odds hammered down from S to 2
to evens, and finished a poor third.
Bronze Wing early took the lead from
the first choice, and the latter was
seized with an awful attack of the
bowwows when two-thirds of the
route had been traversed. . Less than a
furlong from the wire Bronze Wing
ran short of "coal, • and "Big Bill"
Knapp, with the 7 to 1 chance Isabel
lita, crossed the line first by nearly a
length.
MOUNTEBANK IS THIRD.
W. Davis on the 15 to 1 outsider Edu
cate made a cathop of the introductory
six-furlong sprint. The mare revels in
slop and won going away from Ishtar
and Yo No Se. Mocorito, the favorite,
did not cause much disturbance, run
ning as if she did not fancy mud.
Old Morengd, which has seen all sorts
of service, from hauling the sample
trunks of Commercial Traveler Eddie
O'Brien through the small toyvns of
Oregon to being the star at a Portland
paper chase, was installed favorite for
the mile selling affair, which followed.
With Helgesen in the pilot-house, he
trudged along through the slush as if
his gum boots leaked, never figuring as
a contender. Frank Sullivan rode a
well-judged race on the third choice,
Estado, breasting the tape not, quite
two lengths before Follow Me, a 20 to 1
outsider. Willie Holmes astride Chick
adee picked up the show.
Meada, the black filly from the stable
of Bianchi &. Co., caused deep sorrow
in the camp of her followers by finish
ing third in the Futurity course sprint
for two-vear-olds. She was a 3 to 5
chance in the betting. After getting
away none too well, Sullivan got
pocketed on (the rail and it was too
late when he finally did get through.
Davis took no such chances with Ara,
the second choice, and In a driving fin
ish-downed the 60 to 1 shot Edna Sul
livan half a length. The first choice
lost the place by only a nose.
EDUCATE AX EASY WINNER,
The track at Oakland yesterday was
muddy, and after four favorites had
played havoc with the talent's time
table Sir Brillar made it five straight.
Charley Henshall's crack made one of
half a dozen starters in the five and a
half furlong purse run - for two-year
olds, and was introduced among others
to The Mist and Hooligan. So highly
had he been touted that the ring made
him an even money, chance. ,
Although the Eastern colt finished
third, it is nothing to his discredit. Nat
urally a slow beginner, he closed strong,
and had the distance been six furlongs
would have won. "Smiling Mickey"
McLaughlin rode a close race on The
Mist, and in a severe drive earned the
verdict over Hooligan by less than a
length. Sir Brillar came with such a
rush that he only lost the place by a
nose.
BY FRED E. MULHOLXiAXD.
H, L.FRANK FLIES
Sixth race, selling, one mile — Merwan. 105
(Lawrence), 9 to 5, won; Exapo, 105 (Wash
ington), 10 to 1. second: J»o Friend, 110 (Mc-
Comas). 50 to 1, third. Time. 1:43%. El
Oriente, The Covenanter.' Blueridge, Frangi
ble and Louwelsea also ran. • =
Fourth race, for colts and geldings, two
year-olds, selling, five and a half furlongs —
Lerida, 102* (Miller). 20 to .1, won; R. L.
Johnston. 106 (Lawrence), 4 to o, second; Doc
tor C. 100 (Booker). 3 to 2, third. Time,
1:07^. Sportsman and Retador also ran.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Cin
cinnatus. 110 (Moriarity), 5 to 1, won; Tryon,
103 (Lawrence), 4 to 1 «»eond; Buglehorn, 101
(Hlldebrand), 7 to 5," third. Time," l:48*i.
Xeedful, North Pole and Great Eastern also
ran.
Second race, three-year-olds and ' upward.
soiling, five furlongs — Tarn O'Shanter, 97
(Lawrence), 3 to 5. won; Krlcula, *5 (Kent),
ll> to 1, second; Cloverton, 100 <E. Wals; i, 12
to 1, third. Time, 1:01. Sceptre, Intei ude.
Great Mogul, Susie Christian and Counl Ru
dolph also ran. r -
Third race, on6 mile — High Chancellor, 105
(H. Smith). 3 to 5, won: Princess Tulane. 102
(Hlldebrand), 12 to 5, second; William
Wrizht, 107 (Lawrence), 10 to 1, third. Time,
1:40. Mordente also ran.
First race, Felling-, Slauson course — Elfln
King, 108 (Hlldebrand), 7 to 10. won; Agnes
Mack. 105 (McComas), 15 to 1. second; Tim
Payne. 102 (Lawrence) 3V4 to 1, third. Time.
1110K- ¦ lUceful. Cloche d'Or, Mammon, Chief
Aloha and Dorice also ran.
fifth, finishing ahead of Tryon and the
favorite,' Buglehorn, in O easy style.
The winner was as good as C to 1.
Buglehorn wags-claimed out of this race
by E. F. Ho bar t for Si»25. Merwan
made every post a winning one in the
last race at' a mile, finishing four
lengths ahead of Exapo, with No
Friend third. El Oriente was a strong
favorite. High Chancellor's mile at
1:40 was the best performance so --jr far
on the Ascot track. Results:
Elfin King, Tarn O'Shanter and High
Chancellor, all at 3 to 5,' finished first
in the first three races, respectively.
There was not much to these races, the
winners having no trouble in dispos
ing oC their fields. The fourth race
was the surprite of the day. R. L.
Johnston was a red-hot favorite, but
tailed to catch the flying Lerida, which
finished half a dozen lengths in front
at 20 to 25 to 1. Doctor C was third. )
Cincinnatus ran a line race in the
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 28.—Every
thing started well with the form play
ers at Ascot Park to-day, the first
three races poing to heavily played
short-priced horses. In the last three,
however, favorites were bowled off
and there were two surprises. Two
more books drew in to-day, making
thirteen and two field books doing
business.
After taking the testimony of Mc-
Carthy and McDonald, both of whom
umpired this game, and on the admis
sion of McCarthy that he had made a
technical error in not allowing Los An
geles to score a ran which would hava
made the final score of the game 5 to 5,
President Bert made his decision.
"All protests and other matters," ha
said, "are usually taken up at the an
nual meeting, which is held December
15, but as this is an unusual instance,
where my decision has effect on th«
championship, I am obliged to make
my ruling: now, while the players are
on the ground. The teams will have to
play a series of games for the cham
pionship of the second half. If Los An
geles wins then there will be a post
season series for the pennant, as Taco
ma won the first half. If Tacoma wins,
then that ends it.
Manager Fisher says that Tacoma
has won the. championship by winning
the first half and tying Los Angeles for
the second. He says he has agreed to
play Los Angeles a series of eleven
games just to show the public he has
the best team. The first game will be
played to-morrow at Recreation Park.
Following Is the protest:
SEATTLE; Wash., Aug. 23. 1904.
Mr. Ensen* F. Bert, president Pacifla Coast
League. San Francisco. Cal.
Dear Sir — I have protested the game play«d
In Portland August 22. 1904. through a deci
sion made by Umpire McCarthy.
With two men out. we had a man on first
base and second base. Baum hit a ball to
left field, which trot by Xadeau and Baum went
to third base. In passing s«cond base Baum
failed to touch the bag. Umpire McDonald
and one of the Portland players saw Baum
cut second base and when the ball was fielded
back to the lnfleld It was thrown to second
base and Umpire McDonald called Baum out.
In the meantime botii Ross and Eager had
crossed the home plate and the score should
have been tied. But Umplra McCarthy failed
to allow Eager's run to count. His reason
was that Eager was not at tha home plats
when Baum cut second base. But he had
crossed home plate and was sitting on the
bench when the ball was' returned to secwid
base and Baum was called out. Now what I
want to state ts that Kacer'3 run should hav»
counted, for Baum could not have been called
out until h» was touched with the ball whil*
standing on third b.ise. or the ball thrown bacic
to second base, the bag which was missed by
the runner.
I immediately notified Umpire McCarthy that
I wouli protest th* game, which I think th«
Los Angeles team is entitled to.
Trusting that you will give this your closest
attention. I remain, very truly yours.
TIM FLOOD.
Captain Los Angelea Team.
President Bert ot the Pacific Coast
League has allowed the protest of Man
ager Morley or" the Los Angeles team,
and has thrown out the same In dis
pute. This ties Tacoma and Los An
geles for the championship of the sec
ond half of the season.
The Mist Defeats
a Fast Field,
1111111
It is Corbett's marked class that ap
peals to the heavy bettors, and not
withstanding Nelson's performances it
seems to Ptand out more strongly de
fined than usual. Corbett is fairly
Young Corbett arid Battling Nelson
are pror.ouncr-u fit and ready for their
meeting to-night in Woodward's Pa
vilion. Corbett is a strong 1 to 2 choice
in the betting, a position he has oc
cupied every time he has started in
this city. The betting is even money
he will stop Nelson inside of eighteen
rounds.
Santry and Cordell will weigh in at
Harry Corbett's at 3 o'clock this after
noon. Young Corbett and Nelson will
weigh at the same place at 6 o'clock.
Nelson has never posed as a fancy
boxer. He goes in. with dogged deter
mination and takes a lot of punish
ment. He is a slow beginner and when
his opponent begins to tire he takes up
the running and puts up a fast finish.
He has supreme confidence in his abil
ity to defeat Corbett.
Corbett's weight was given out yes
terday morning as being: 133% pounds.
He went on the road twice and expect
c3 to finish the day half a pound over
weight- The rest will be easy to-day.
He is satisfied with ,his condition, hav
ing done a lot of hard work during the
past ten days.
Nelson is half a pound under weight.
He is trained to the minute and with
his apparently inexhaustible vitality
will take a bad beating before he loses
the effective sting he carries in his
gloves. Although neither he nor his
trainers have given expression to it
there seems a feeiing among them that
Corbett will fight himself out in ten
rounds or so and will then fall easy
prey to the man from Chicago.
The only noticeable improvement In
Nelson's style of boxing since his last
appearance here is in his left hand. He
can use this cleverly, and mav worry
Cnrbett with it. Discussing his chances
yesterday he said:
"I was never in better condition for
a fight than I am now. I have trained
long and faithfully for this battle, and
think I will be declared a winner in
about fourteen or eishteen rounds. I
don't see where Corbett has it on me
any. If I lose I will offer no excuses.
Corbett has the reputation of angering
his opponents with taunting remarks.
You wllJ hear none of that this time,
as he will be too busy to do any talk
ing."
fighting for his life this time. Victory
means other and more remunerative
matches and a return of prosperity,
while defeat means little less, than
pugilistic oblivion. .The Denver bo^er
-vill take no unnecessary chances and
will probably flght a more heady bat
tle than any he has shown here.
Kls friends point out that he is a
better boxer than Kelson, a harder and
a surer hitter and :a cleverer ring gen
oral, and they do not see how he can
lose.
High Chancellor Does the
Fastest Mile Yet on the
New Track in the South
Says Tacoma Team Has Won
All That /Is Xecessary to
Give His 3Ien the Pennant
MEADA IS THIRD
Bettors ,Rely on Cor?bett's Class
to Return Him a "Winner.
SUEPEISE OF ,THE DAY
FISHER CLAIMS HOXOE
CONDITION OF THE MEN
IS PRONOUNCED PERFECT
At 20 to 1 He Finishes Six
Lengths Ahead of Strong
Favorite at Ascot Park
Baseball Championship Yet
to Be Decided According
to Presidents Killing
Davis Wins With
. Educate at
15 to 1..
BERT THROWS
OUT THE GAME
SAN FKANCISCO CALL'S RACING FOKM CHAET
STURDY FIGHTERS READY
FOR A HARD BOUT.
LERIDA SHOWS
SUDDEN SPEED
OFF DAY FOR THE FAVORITES
AT RACETRACK OVER THE BAY
YOUNG CORBETT INSTALLED A STRONG ONE TO TWO CHOICE OVER NELSON
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IftlUFDITED '
' nf Hi A 1
'When a child I had a very severe at*
tack of Diphtheria, which came near provs
ing fatal. Upon recovery the glands of tho
neck were very much enlarged, and after
the free use of iodine, the right one was
reduced to its normal size, but the left
one continued to grow— very slowly at
first, until it was about the size of a goose
egg, which began to. press on the wind-
pipe, causing difficult breathing, and be-
came very painful. An incision was made
and a large quantity of pus discharged.
The gland was removed, or as much as
. could with safety be taken out For ten
years I wore alittle piece of cloth about an
inch long in my neck to keep the place
open.- During this time I had to have it
cut open by the doctor every time I took
cold or the opening clogged. In the Spring
or early Summer of 1884 1 wa 3 persuaded
by my wife to use S. S. S., which I did.
strictly in accordance with directions. I
took twenty-six large bottles, and was en-
tirely cured, for I have not suffered since
that time. B S R 4G£Asro.
Royal Bag Mfg. Co., Charleston, S. C,
Only a constitutional remedy can reach
an hereditary disease like Scrofula. When
the blood is restored to a normal condition
and the scrofulous deposits are carried off
there is a gradual retnrn to health. S.S.S.
S^Eq. strictly vegetable
:-^"r ' , will advise you free
The Swift SDecifio Company, Atlanta, 6a.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER
Suite 234, Fifth Floor. Parrott Bid?.
855 Market street. San Francisco.
YESfERDAY
I G»vE 70 WIN
ESTADO
16 to 5, WON
What my Wire said of Estado:
"Est&do Is a rood madder and
slljrhtly outclasses his field. Worth,
a gt>od bet straight and place."
my one Test bet.
My One-Hors« Wire is Ftrictly a nne-
hors«--i*r-day prop'>5ition. Daily it names
tfc* ON'K HORSE I consider the Uay's
ONE BF.FT BET at Oakland. My ONE
BEST BET of the <lay GIVES AN OCCA-
SIONAL 1./OSER, of cours*. but the 5ys-
t»-matic player, h» who plays «>very day.
«p.y :s» u«"r <ont of his cai-ital. and does
not drop in for a «=ir.ple day only — the day
my on* b<"¥t b*t happens to lo*«> — but con-
tinues his "jilay daily throughout each
w>ek KM? the money AND GETS IT IN
OMI'NKS.
FIRST WEEK |
S20W0NS252
On My Ona-Horse Wire
c o
Twenty Dollars invested daily on my
ONE-BE^T-BET-OK-THE-DAY at Oak-
larvi durins; the first week of the meeting
n't ted b. c!<*an itrofit of $2T>2.
Iler«- is thf record complete of every
STARTEK civen by mt as MY-ONE-
BEST-BET-OF-THE-DAY that week.
Ev*>rj' loser is nccountr-d for. as well as
every winr.fr. On days when no horse Is
accounted for it wa* •-ithfr Sunday or my
selection did not start. A showing Is
made of the result of a ?20 fat bet.
PIBST WEEK.
JCov Hots*. OdJy. Result. Won. Lost.
14— Felnam ... 3 to 5 Won S 12 ...
15 — Revolt 10 to 1 Won 2OO . . .
16 — Xsnlana ... 1 to 1 Won SO ...
17 — D.Carina.. 2 to 1 Won 40 . . .
19 — Bomb'd'r .13 to 5 3d 820
Totelf ..• 9282 $20
NET GAIN FIRST WEEK $262.
SECOND WEEK
S20WONSI28
On My One-Horse Wire
o o
BECOBTD WEEK.
31 ErUll* J. . . 6 to 5 Won 24 ...
¦t— M Zi Frank 3 to 1 3d 20
23 Mlndaao .. 6tol Won* v 130 ...
34 — Gold Money 8 to 5 3d . : . . 80
25 — Ve*avian -• 8 to 5 Won 34 ...
Totals $168 940
NET CAIN SECOND WEEK $128.
B*ar In nUnfl that the abor« record ac-
eoonta for every low. as well as every
¦winner, jlvan aa my One-B«*t-Bet each
A«y and by my One-Horse-Wire I mean
cn« bore* cac& 6ay and bo inert.
TO-DAY!
To-day I am going to spring a
sensation. He was 20 to 1 last
time he started. Here's what my
advertisement yesterday said of to-
day's good thing: />
•TCESDAT I era g-o-lcc to cut another
ro«lon like REVOLT. 10 to 1. won, which
was my One-Best- Bet -of- the -Day on No-
vember 15. and MINDANO, 6 to 1. WON.
which was my One-Beat -Bet of the Day
last Wednesday. Tuesday I will band out
for ono of the BIGGEST PLUNGES OK
THE MEETING a likely 10 to 1 «hot that
has" be*n "prepsed" undtr cover with a
•ole view to lan&ir.r a bis wager for bis
owner, who bet* ail his money away from
the track. Thi« one haa shown me the
fastest early morninr trial I've yet timed
at Oakland. The remarkable thing about
him Is that on looks you wouldn't con-
sider him even a remote possibility. He's
no black. cIoefj-, long-tailed, barrel-bel-
lied, thick-flar.ked. arcimecked steed, ths
kind that take* blue ribbon* at the horse
t-hovr. Not be! : He's caunt and fhaggy,
with a ewe neck and a head like a ham-
mei — all race tior»e, every inch of. him.
trained to the minute and an Al • betting
¦projjcsition every time his owner t>ut8 his
eh'jck* down. If you met UjIs 'speed-ball'
In a haylicld you'd probably take him for
a JTOken-down plowhorae that had out-
lived hi* usefulness, and that's why there's
sivL-ay* a fat price chalked arainst his
chance? — hie looks prermseese the public
orraliiKt him. Tuesday he'll be Bent for the
ro-,nskinn. ar.d HE'LL. BIUNG THEM
home:"
"Bet the. parlor furniture! It's
in!" My cme-borse-per-day wire
v. ill roa«I on this one. •.
JOIN MY WINNING ARMY!
Terms: 810 Weekly; $35 Monthly.
Trial Wire Sally $2.
orflc* f:>en from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. for
the bookmr of subscription*, which can
he done by nwraengfr or mail If you can't
call la >-rfin. Meesage ready for deliv-
ery at lO-.'.iO a. m. Out-of-town orders
wired early. Telegraph your subscriptions
if out of town.
K..B. I am now Installed In my new,
commodious- quarters Eulte No. 224, Par-
rott BuMdlniC. fifth floor. No. S55 Market
street. Please note chance of address.-Bay. Published by official authority of the
¦-. Superintendent. ,. >.-*', . . .
: NOTE— The high and low waters occu r at
the city front (Mlsslon-etreet wharf) abcur 25
United ¦ States - Coast and Geodetic - Survey
..Time and Height of. High and Low Waters
at '. Fort Point. • entrance * to San Francisco
Sun. Moon nnd Tide.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from Sun Dletto. . '
Fr bark Joinville, Clot, 214 days from Hull
via Newcastle. Eng. ¦
Fr hark Vllle d« Havre, Home, 1S9 days
from Swansea.
Fr bark Max, Guillon, 60 days from New
caFtle, Auc.
Sehr Manila, Rose, 21 days from Port Gam
ble.
Schr Volant. Skipper, 32 days from Monte
sano.
CLEARED.
. Monday, - November 28.
Br stmr Wellington, Cutler,- Ladysmith B
C: Western Fuel Oo. '
Ger stmr Germanlcus, Behrmann, Victoria
B. C. ; master.
Stmr Barracouta, Curtis, Corinto, via Mex
ico and Central American ports; P M S S Co
Stmr Whittler, DIckBon, Portland; Union Oil
Co.
' SAILED.
, Monday, November , 28. -
Br stmr Wellington, Cutler, Ladysmith B C
Ger stmr Germanlcua. Behrmann, Victoria'
Stmr Barracouta, Curtis, for Acapulco and
way ports.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, Astoria.'
Stmr Sequoia, McCIements. Willapa Harbor
Stmr Coquille River, Adler, San Pedro I
Stmr Shasta, Hansen, Belllngham.
¦ Fr bark Vincennes, Levalllant, Sydney.
Schr Onward, Anderson, Coquille River.
Schr Newark, Relnertaen, Bowens.
SPOKEN.
Nov 11— In laf S N, long 24 W, Br ship
Springbank. from Hull, for 8an Francisco. .
Per Fr bark Max — On Nov. 22, In lat 27
N. long 132 W. Br bark Weatherfleld, hence
Nov 10, for Fremantle; all well.' ;;.
¦). TELEGRAPHIC.^'
POINT LOBOS.Xov." 28, 10'p. m.~Weather
Kx|K)ils for Pacific Islands.
The brl* Gslilee. which sallec] on Saturday
for Apia, Eamoan Islands, carried an assorted
cargo to be dUtributrd n-j foHows: Kcr Sa
moa n Jflandr. $W»2:«: Washington Island. $404:
Fannlr.p Isicnrt. ?<04.
The cargo for the Sffmoan Islands Included
136.492 H Iurr.b-r, ICO rkgs mi'.iwork. SW)
posts. S4G rs 5 bbls salmcn, H2 cs asserted
canned eoods. 9150 lbs bread, Jai gals wine.
5 bbls flour. 4r»0O lbs rice. 14 pkgs potatoes and
onions. t> pkgs groceries and provisions, 50 bbls
cement. SO kegs gun powder. 18 bxs soap, 13
rkRF nail*. 10 reels wire, 2 bdls Iron. 7 bales
paper 4 crts stove*, IO cs coal oil, 10 cs gaso
line, * cs »aint* ard 9 bdls oars.;
For Weufclmrton Island thero were 2000 ft
lumber. 11 pkga groceries and provision*. . C93
lbs susrar. 1410 lbs bread. 2 bbls flour. 10 cs
coal oil. 4 pkgs paints, 2 bxs glajss. . 2 bales
twine. 3 cs hardware. 1 box tobacco. 1 . cs
drusx.
The shioments to Fanning Island consisted
of 1017 liw bran. r.R3 lbs middlings, 417 lbs
sugar, 2 bbls flour, 6 pUgs groceries and pro
vislr>n9. IS o» canned goods, 425 Ib3 tobacco, 10
bxs soap. S6 cs coal oil, 2 pkgs bluestone and
1 en drurs- .
SHIPPING EVTEXLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED. •
Monday, November 28.
Ger Btmr Memphis, Von Helme. 4 days from
Comox, put In to finish loading.
Etmr Brooklyn, Carlson, 3. r » hours from.Eu
reka. . ¦ ¦ -. ; ¦
Stmr Brunswick, Ellef sen, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Coquille River. Adler.G days 19 hours
from Everett, bound south, put in for passen
cers tnd fuel. . •
Etmr Pomona", Swan*en. 18. hours from-Eu
reka. . - ¦ • • ,
TO ARRIVE.
j -Steamer. From. I Due.
{Memphis..... Seattle |N"ov. 20
1 Curacao Mexican Ports (Nov. 29
' W'yefleld Nanaimo |Nov. 29
! Uedondo Pcitand & Astoria Nov.
! Crntralta Grays Harbor |Nov. 29
I Porno........ Point Arena' &¦ Albion. 'Nov. 21>
F. Liggett. . • • Portland & Astoria . '. . . '(Nov. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria iNov.au
F. A. Kllburn. Portland & Coos BayJXov. :<0
Chehalls I Gray* Harbor Xov. SO
Del Norte.... I Crescent City Dec. 1
City Sydney.. I New York via Anron.. Dec 1
S. Rosa: Kan Diepo & Way Pts. Dec 1
Point Arena., j Mendoeino & Pt. Arena Dec. 1 ,
Argo Eel River Ports Dec. 1
Breakwater.. Coos Bay IDec. 1
Corona Humboldt |Dec. 1
Cocs Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 2
Queen I'uset Sound Ports Dec. 1!
S Monica Orays Harbor Dec. 2
ftaeHc* China & Japan Dec. 2
.Eureka Humboldt Dec. 2
Vnx.inirt...... Hamburg & Way Ports.|Dec. 3
North Fork... Humboldt ...IDec. 4
I 1'or.iona • Humboldt Dec. 4
' Arctic.......'- Humboldt |Dec. 4
|G W. Elder.. I Portland & Astoria iDee. ft
i State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.lDec. 5
I Arcata Coos Bey & Pt.. Orford.|Dec. 5
Alameda Honolulu Dec. n
Bonltn Newport & Way Ports. |Dec. 6
CltyPnebla.. Puget Sound Ports IDec 7
Aurella Portland & Astoria (Dec. 7
Siberia China & Japan IDec. 7
Newport New York via Ancon..|Dec. 8
TO SAIL. ~
| Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier." |
I November 29. [ [
: J. HlgKlna. Los Afiffeles Ports, jll am Pier 2 !
j Rainier.... Sealtle & Everett. 4 pmlPier 10
'Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPiyr 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 amjPler 13
Centralla... z^a Angeles Ports. 10 .a ml Pier 10 !
N. Fork Humboldt . 9 amlPler 20
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor 4 r,m|P.er 10 I
Kllzabeth.. Coquille River | 5 rm Pier 20 !
F. Leggett. to* Angreles Ports.! 5 pm|Pier 2
' November 30. ! {
I Vanguard.. Eureka direct 1 9 amIPer 27
1 Homer..... Grays Harbor | 4 pm|Pier 2
! Pomona Humboldt il:3<>p<Pier y
! (3. Dollar... Grays Harbor | 4 pmjPier 20
I Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|10 am|Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt I » am|Pler 2
jeanle Seattle & Teeoma.l 5 pm 1 Pier 20
Chehalls. •¦ Los Angeles Ports .-1 5 pm| Pier 2
December 1. |v I
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor | 1 pmjPier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. I 9 amIPier 11
j Porno Pt. Arena & Albion! 0 pmlPier 2
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pt».| 2 pmJPler 7
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill amiPier t)
Memphis... Hamburg & "Way. .110 am Pier 10
Bonita..... Newport & Way.., 9 amiPier 11
Ncwburg... Grays Harbor......! 4 pm|Pler 10
December 2. |.
S. Monica. . Lqs Angeles Ports.|10 am'Pier 2
December 3. I j *
F. Kllburn. Portland & • Way. , 4 pmlPier 27
Breakwater Coos Bay ' direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Point Arena Point Arena. ....... 4 pmiPiei 2
Korea...... Cblna & Japan.... 1 pm'Pler 40
San Juan... N. Y.- via Ancon.. 12 nvPler 40
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 2*
Corona. .... Humboldt 1 :30 p|Pier 9
December 6. ' ;
Queen...... Pu*et Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
December 7. 1
Curacao Mexican Ports- 10 amlPler 11
December. 8. [ |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandill amJFIer C4
. - FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ' Destination. I Sails.
Santa Ana..'.. Peldovla & Way Ports. IDec. . 1
'Cottage City.* I Skatrway & Way Ports. IDec. :5
Bertha. ' Ccck3 InKt & Way PlaJDec. 10
In addition to th* foregoing the stecmor car
ried 223 hnlf-barrels salmon and , r .25O lbs cod
f:Fh. vsltn.d j\t $1440, en route to Brisbane,
Australia.
Tbe etc-am'-'r < 'ity of PueWa railed on-Satur
day fcr Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo. coriRignfd to th» port of destination and
the principal British Columbian »>orts, valued
at $:i2oa and including th'- following:
r*7 rkgs frerh fruits, 44.000 lbs salt, lOOn
lbs rai*lni». 14l!t lbs dried fruit. K!S cs canned
SOfdc. 7 cs table; preparation*. 571! lbs rhees=e,
rttt.pkss pa6t*>. 5 pkgs Birjrorl'F rind provisions.
UO cs ineais. Ill <-s ealud cil. h'l gals "s cs wine,
4S30 lbs hops. 80U lbs chocolate. 22S lbs *pice;.
7102 ft hardwcofl, 12 cs arm* and ammunition,
15 res steel and iron, 170 |jkgs building paper,
2 iris newliur ¦machine*. 4 cs paints, ."0 tins
matches. lf> i>kgs pir«> and fittings. t"!2 lbs to
ba'.-o. ."i pkes wagon material. IS pkgs fresh
vrgetabl***.
.•5C9S bbl» flour. -"!?r>4 vtl» rcrn. KS06 lbj "JO
f.kKS ra!a;ns. U5S5 gals 60 cs wine. Ill gais f.0
is wfciftJqr. 5 cits liquors. 20.4C0 lbs malt, 330
Its hops. 71 pkps fresh fruits. 70,100 lb* 1000
rk.s BS.lt. <">30 lbs ro'lf.sh. 4 k"ge vinecar, 22
ikga irfitaFx-p. H> <s salad < il. BSO lbs lard, 7
pkgs fresh vegetables, 9 pkgs table prepara
tions 14.800 lbs nee. U><> r.kss (rruoMies and
provisions. II r-n cannPfl K'oJs. STi.HjS' lbs lal
low. 51 pkgs dry goods. JKl pkgs paints and
oils, C3.55O ft lumber. 9 pltgs ironware, . 30
cs coal oil, 9 pkgs machinery. •> i>kcs
mlllwork. 20 pkgs Iron. 20 bdls pip*, 22
bales bat*. 10 sev.ins machines, 2000 railrcad
tks, 2S r«*ls barb*d wirf, 20,(XX> lbs cement.
13 »jx« soa^. 7 cs turpentine, 10 cs blairtlng
fuse. 2 ore t'ars. The steamer also carried 3
pkgs machines and 3 cs m-inufnrtured iron,
valred at $2w;. eocsigned to AcapulfO, Mexico.
•
.Merchandise for the North.
The stoamer Barracouta, which saikd }"fs
t^rday for AcaOBlco and Central American
porn." carri^i cargo for Ontral America, val
ued at $:us.:>GC. and including the following:
Shipments for Southern Coast.
trirol si^v-'ie-s. HC L.\> soar). '>•¦'< i'ka? Mints
and oils, 22 sks coke. 18 pes lumber, 770 lbs
:••¦:... ¦*< ¦> ixiis (tucrftes. .; c& ary so^ls. 4 l =>
drugs. L' ¦_-;= :nach:nery. 04 ; kgs tank material.
5 k^s nails, 4 cs ammonia, 6 colls wire. 34
p<s :;* bJls Iron. 1000 lbs carbide, 0570 gals
distillate, 1 automcbHe.
The schooner Defender Failed on Saturday
for Honipu. Hawaiian Islands, with "an as
sorted carjro. valued at $17.«5<i, and including
tni- foliowin": ::**> bb.s It->ur, 2538 ctls bai
ley 3O.T.;.i Itn »>rr.n. sr»Q lbs beans. 8QS8 lbs
mi'iiJHrij,s. 10.000 ltw= ealt. 15.C<X> lbs rico, 71.JS
lbe bread. 25 bbls salmon. 115 pkgs grooerle-s
and pruvi.-ions, IOSU lbs tard. iO pkes fr^fh
fruits ;:0 fkss }-n?'e. ::<"<> lbs codfish; <<• sa^ 1
cs wiiv. 6 bMs N^r, 250 cs coa! oil. 285 bbls
lime. »"• bbls cemect, _*.' «k? cement, H 1* «.«¦-
A* Cargo for Hawaii.
C. G. Beckwith is president of the
institution. The bank was founded: In
Reynolds to-day denied any knowl
edge of the alleged , note for $500,000.
payable to Mrs. Chadwick, and said
there were no diamonds or other. Jew
els In his possession among the securi
ties he .holds of Mrs. Chadwick.
OBERLIN, Ohio. Nov. 2S.— The Citi
zens' National Bank of this place was
closed to-day. The action was taken
as a result of a meeting: of the board
of directors held yesterday. The fol
lowing notice was posted on the bank
door to-day:
"This bank Will not open this morn
ing or until further notice*. The bank
is ln charge of the national bank ex
aminer, for examination and investiga
tion." • ! .
The court issued subpenas for both
Mrs. Chadwick and Ira Reynolds, sec
retary and treasurer of the Wade Park
Banking Company. Reynolds is or
dered to bring into court to-morrow
morning all certificates and securities
he may hold belonging to Mrs. Chad
wick. Mrs. Chadwick is commanded to
bring into court a full list of all securi
ties" she may have and also any securi
ities themselves that may be in h,er
possession.
The magnitude of the suits and sen
sational stories growing out of the case
have attracted much attention.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 23. — Herbert B.
Newton, the Brookline, Mass., capital
ist who has sued Mrs. Cassie Chadwick
for over $190,000, which he loaned her
or. notes, filed a motion in the Common
Pleas Court to-day asking for the ap
pointment of a receiver of the alleged
securities belonging to Airs. Chadwick,
said to be ln the custody of Ira Rey
nolds at the Wade Park Bank. -
"Following another conference with
Mrs. Chadwick's counsel last
we decided to bring a suit in equity
for the recovery of the money and have
obtained injunctions restraining Rey
nolds from putting the securities out
of his possession and also to prevent
Mrs. Chadwick from disposing of
them."
"The statement was made to
said Carver, "that the securities* held
as a t^us* fund would soon be released
and that in a short time all the vari
ous obligations would be paid. Later
I went to Cleveland, where I held a
conference with Reynolds, but he re
fused to disclose any information as
to the securities in his care.
NEW YORK. Xov. 28. — A sensation
has been caused here by the bringing
of a suit by Herbert D. Newton of
Urookline, Mass., against Mrs. Cassie
Chadwick, a society woman of Cleve
land, Ohio, for $190,800 for money
loaned. Mrs. Chadwick is the wife of
a Cleveland physician. In addition to
Newton's suit several banks have taken
legal action to recover various amounts,
which bring the total sum to $267,800.
Newton alleges that Mrs. Chadwick
told him she had 55.C00.00O in bonds and
securities placed in trust by Ira Rey
nolds, secretary and treasurer of the
Wade Park Banking Company of
Cleveland, and that she had a note for
$500,000 which she could negotiate at
any time \for the purpose of paying
Newton. He loaned her $190,800.-
P. W. Carver of Boston, attorney for
Newton, in a statement for his client,
said that when the loan became pay
able it was not met and Carver had a
conference with Mrs. Chadwick and
her counsel-
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office U. S N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, ban Francisco, Cal..
November 28. 1004
The Time -Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
, " at noon of the 120th meridian. o r at &
p m Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Movements of Steamers.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide 1b the same at both places.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 29.
Sun rises 7:05
Sun sets 4:51
Moon rises J 11 :j5 p. m.
C Time] nFlme| Time) ITime|
» Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. 1 FU
? |H W| [L W[ (H W[ |L W(
59 I 4:50 4.9 10:22 2.7 4:02| 4.4 10:35 O7
JO 6:40 6.2 11:38 2.3 5:30 4.111:37 1.1
1 16:30 6.3 12:47 1.7 6:52| 4.1
|L W IH W L W • |H W
2 0:37 1.5 7:15 5.5 1:42 1.0] S:0* 4.4
3 1:32 1.8 8:02 5.S 2:37 0.3| 9:is 4.5
4 2:23 2.1 8:47 _6.0| 3 :30|— 0.2| 10:10 _ 4.6
~N0TE— In the above exposition of trie tides
the «arly morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the crder of occurrence aa to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except .Then there are but three tides, ai
.ometimes occurs. The heights given are ln
addition to the soundings of the United States
roast Survey Charts, except when a minus 1— ) j
«ien precedes the height, and then the number
rivtn is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean i
of the lower low waters. |
Society Woman Eaises a Big
Sum on Alleged Securities
"Which Do Not Materialize
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. i<S — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported 'for the previous day:
Boston 32-1*0 New York W-20
Chicago :5O-1'4 Philadelphia ..... 30-24
Cincinnati iM-^S^ittsbui-- ....3l>-20
Honolulu. If. I...7&-WJ St. Louis 33-30
Jacksonville 64-40, WabhinRton 36-S4
New Orleans 60-401
SAN FRANCISCO G4-52
The following ara the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall ln last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 l.ours. season, season.
Eureka 00 8.2.1 13.94
Red Bluff iK) 10.47 s!l5
Sacramento 00 7.3!» .I.SH
Han Francisco 00 S.43 4.42
Fresno 00 5.0»5 O.liS
Independence 00 0.4,1 0.42
San Luis Obi?po 00 4.71 0.50
Los Angeles CO 1.14 6.43
San Diego 00 0.17 0.07
THE COAST RECORD. *
STATIONS. £ fo 50 S
f I" 1 r, ? 1
: 5 .3 i I [
Baker 30.25 4S 34 SE Cloudy 02
rarton -"i"-^ 32 32 E Cloudy .<*>
turcka :»0.08 54 40 N Pt.Cldy.OO
yrcfno 29.US 60 4« NW Clear 00
H.E. FaraIIcn.30.02 f>9 50 NW Clear OO
FlaRPtaff 20.04 62 10 S Pt.Cldy 'f0
Pocatello 30.24 44 34 S Clear 'oi
indcpcnJence .30.00 Cl 40 S\V Clear 00 '
Los Angek-E..'.'y.RO 80 54 SW Clear CO
Mt Tamalpnls.:i0.02 55 4'j N Clfar 00
North Head. ..30.12 52 50 E Pt.Cldy !l«
Phoenix 29. K4 78 4S NW Clear '.00
Pt Reyes Lt..2!).JXi e" 52 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.14 54 48 S Pt.Cldy .is
H<»u Bluff -J0.0O «VJ 44 NW Clear *0
Roaetntrs 30. 14 CO 42 NW clear i>o
Sacramento ...JO. 00 tt4 4R SE Clear .Of)
Salt Lake 30.10 4S 30 N Clear .00
San Fr.irieisco.30.02 C4 52 \V Clear 00
San L. Oblspo.2».04 70 C2 N Clear .00
Kan Ulego 29.86 68 58 S Cloudy 00
battle 30.18 r.2 46 SE Cloudy .01
Spokane :!0.20 r.O 38 S ; Cloudy -.00
Tatocsh 30.0«i BO 48 E Rain .3S
Walla Walla. .:;o. 20 54 34 S Cloudy .00
Wicremucca .30.24 50 22 N Cloudy 00
Yuma 20.84 80 46 N Clear ..00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the
coast of California.
Rain is falling ln Western Washington, but
elsewhere en tho Pacific Coast dry weather con
tinues. .
Cooler weather prevails in the San Joaquln
Valley and In California south of the Tehach
apf.
Reports from Honolulu show a heavy rain
fall ,cf 2..VS inches In the past twenty-four
hours, with brisk wind from the north.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
noun? ending midnight, November 29:
-California north of Tenachapl — Fair - Tues
day ; fr^sh northeast wind.
Calitcrnia siuth of Tehachapl — Cloudy Tues
day; frcsb northeast wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
I^oa Angelos and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday
light northeast wind.
Sun Froncisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday
light north wind.
Sacramento — Fair Tuesday; light north wind
Fresno— Fair Tuesday; light north wind.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster
Weather Report.
MAY BE SECOND
HUMBERT CASE
FRENCH BARK JOINVILLE,
WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY
FROM NEWCASTLE.
BOSTON, Nov. 23.— Herbert D. New
ton of Brookline, who has sued Mrs.
Cassie Chadwick of Cleveland.Ohlo. for
$130,800, is a well-to-do business man.
"I am not alone concerned in this
matter," said he. "but I must decline
to tell who are the other parties. I
made the loans on the strength of a
statement of Mrs. Chadwick that she
was a woman of wealth and owned
securities sufficient to warrant the
loans."
On Saturday there was a run on tho
bank, aa a result, it Is understood, that
Mrs. C. L. Chadwick of Cleveland had
borrowed largely ln the institution.
1833. It is generally understood that
the bank carried notes of Mrs. Cassie
Chadwick of Cleveland to a large,
amount.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Nov. 28. — More
than 100 shots were exchanged to-day
in a flgrht at a coal camp near Has
tings, Colo., between Slavs and Ital
ians. John Rembish was killed and
another man seriously wounded. Rem
bish was robbed of $920 after he was
shot. Nine men have been arrested.
Fatal Battle at Coal Mines.
Xotlce_ to Mariners.
SUISUN. BAY, CALIFORNIA. V: :
(List of lights, • buoys and daymarka, Pacific
Coast. 1904. page 28.) .'
The notice of November 25, reporting the
disappearance of the bell buoy oft Army Point,
Sulsun Bay. California.- was erroneous. The
buoy is In Its proper position, but at times Is
carried under by the stronc currents.
By order of the . Lighthouse Board. •
W. P. DAY,,
Command-er. U. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
LONPON, Noy. 27.— The Salvage Association
received the following from the special officer
at Buenos Ayrcs: Owners" Inspector . here;
dock occupied next 20 days. Br stmr Ty
merlc, from Mollendo. for Baltimore, previ
ously reported, must be docked before proceed
ing. Forcward half floating on tank tops
Montevideo dock not available for 10 <lay». Br
ship Corunna. from Hamburg, for Puget Sound,
previously reported, takes • next turn. Lloyd's
agent at Montevideo haa acked me to exam
ine her afloat; Will examine Br stmr Albuna,
previously reported, upon arrival at-Monte
video; expected 8 days hence.
Per echr Volant, from Montesano, Xov 23
On November 14; when 150 miles west oftCape
Blanco, had succession of southeast ealea The
vessel sprurg a leak and. became full of wa
ter. It was Impossible to keep her free with
pumps; had to cut deck lashings and throw
overboard p.bout 60 M feet rumber to save
voFsel.
Schr Lizzie Prien. which sailed Sunday for
Coqullle River and drifted In clcse to the beach
near Sutro Baths Sunday nieht and was towed
out by tug Reliance, anchoring about one mile
off the heads all night, got under way Monday
morning and at 10 <i' clock proceeded.
Per schr Manila, from Port Gamble Nov
2S — Had a succession of south and southeast
gales for 15 days.
Memoranda.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Xov 2S— Stmrs Kaleer
WUhclnj der Gros«e and Hamburg, from New
Yor!:.
GLASGOW— Arrived Xov 2S— Stmr Columbia,
from New York. • •¦
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Xov 28— Stmr Amster
dam, for New Ycrk.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived Nov 28 — Stmr Ho
henzollern, from New York, for Naples and
Genoa. .
foggy; wind NW; velocity 10 mile» per hour. I
DISASTER.
LONDON, Xov. 2S.—Dr stmr Inverness, from
Tacoma. is ashore at Mororan. No further
particulars.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA — Arrived Nov 2S — Stmr Asun
cion, hence Nov 25.
Sailed Xov S!S— Stmr Asuncion, for Port Har
ford.
UMPQUA RIVER— Arrived Xov 25— Schr
Loul.op. from San Pedro.
IIUENEME — Pawed Nov 28, 8:30 a m— Stmr
Curacao, from Guaymas and way ports, for
1 San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 28 — Ger stmr Nu.
I mantla, from Hongkong.
Sailed Xov 28— Stmrs Alliance, Columbia,
F. A. Kllburn and Redondo, for San Fran
cisco; schr Borealls. for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Xov 2S— Fr ship
Ville de Havre, from Swansea, for San Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH— Passed inward Nov 28— Br bark
Invermark. from Los Angeles; stmr City of
Puebla, h«nce Nov 20. 'Pasaed outward — Schr
Matthew Turner, from Port Townsend, for
Grajs Harbor.
SAXTA BARI5ARA— Sailed Xov 23— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Diego.
EUREKA— Arrived Xov 28— Stmr Corona,
hence Nov 27.
Sailed Nov'2S— Stmr Pasadena, for San Fran
cisco; tug Columbia, with schr Advance ln tow
for San Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived Nov 28 — Stmr Asun
cion, from Ventura, and sailed for Port Har
ford; >»tmr Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
Arrived Xov 2S— Stmr Westport, from West
port. • •-,
PORTi TOWNSEND— Arrived Xov -28— Cr
«hlp Bracadale. hence Xov 19.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Nov 20; stmr Tamplco, from
Tacoma.
Sailed Nov 28— Schr Sadie, for Umpqua.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Nov 2S— Schr Excel
sior, for San Pedro.
PORT LOS AXGELEfi— Arrived Xov 2S—
Ger jthip Christei. from Newcastle, Eng.
PORT HA DLOCK— Arrived Xov 28— Bktn
Retrlevtr. from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 28— Stmr Iaqua, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 28— Stmr Che
halip. for San Francisco, towing new tug Re- '
dondo; rchr Resolute, for Guaymas.
Arrived Nov 2S— Schr Matthew Turner, from j
Pu;et Sound. \ j
WESTPORT— Sailed Xov 2S— Stmr Xavarro,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 27— Br stmr
Cralgnfuk, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MORORAN — Sailed Nov 27 — Stmr M. S
Dollar, for San Francisco.
CALLAO — Arrived Xov fl — Br stmr St j
George, from Tyne; Br stmr Thornhlll, from I
New Vork. ;
NEWCASTLE. ACS.— Arrived Xov H— Br j
ehlp Senator, from Durban, .to load for Hono- •
lulu. i
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived Nov 11— Ger
stmr Amasle. from Hamburg, for San Fran- I
Cisco..
VALPARAISO— Arrived Nov .9— Ital ship Re
glna Elena, from Port Blakeloy.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Xov 12— Br »tmr
Tang Tsze. from Liverpool, for Puget Sound. |
Arrived Xov 28 — Br stmr Doric, hence Xev 0. i
Sailed Nov 13 — Stmr Lyra, for Seatle. Nov •
IC — Jap stmr Iyo Mara, for Seatle. t
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Nov 27— Ger stmr'
Rensfi", henc<» Aug 12. for Hamburg. Nov '
25 — Nor chip Lansing, from Newcastle, Eng- '
land, for San Francisco. I
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Xov 11— Ger stmr Aby- '
do?, for Hamburg.
PANAMA- Railed Xov 12— Br ehlp Penthesl
lea, for Te.comc.
CORONEL — Passed Nov 7— Br stmr Ashantl.
from Iqulque. for New York or Philadelphia
AMOY — Arrived Nov 10 — Br stmr Albenga,
from Yokohama.
MOJI — Arrived Nov 23 — Br ntmr Crusader,
from Hongkong, to load for San Francisco
AUCKLAND— Sailed Xov 25— Stmr Ventura,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Xov 28, 2 p m— Stmr Sierra, hence
Xov 10.
PAPEETE— Sailed Nov 24— Schr O. M. Kel
logg, for Raratonza. j
OCEAN STEAMERS. I
Shipping Merchants.
The French lark Rene proceeds in ballast to
Sydney Htrads for order*.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamship Curacao from Maz&tlan;
pa>:se.l Hueneme yesterday morning at 8:30
o'clock. She should reach here about 2 o'clock
this afternoon.
The British *hip Cypromene has obtained
American registry.
The fine of $100U Jimp6*ed" upon • G. Kona,
master of the Dutch ship Kuropa. has been
reduced to $10o. He was charged with having
allowed four runners to board his vessel be
fore the customs officers had finished their
work.
The Kosmos liner Ramses, bound from here
to Hamburg, passed the Isle of Wight on
Sunday.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sierrm arrived yesterday at Auckland. The
Ventura ieft Auckland for this port Novem
ber 24.
Water Front Xotes.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Hner Doric from this port arrived
yesterday at Yokohama.
The schooner Lizzie Prien, which got into
the breaJceVs Sunday night below the Cliff
House and was saved from destruction by the
Siireckela tug Reliance, got to eea about lu
o'clock yesterday morning. The ' Reliance,
after dragging her from the breakers, towed
her a mile off shore, where she remained at
anchor until the arrival of a favoring breeze.
Lizzie Prien Gets Away.
The steamship Inverness from Tacoma is
reported a.shore at Mororan.
Steamship ASliore at Mororan.
aa follows: Troop, 15 per cent; Kinn. 00 per
cent; Thenir. 5 per cent; Shakesi>«ire, 10 per
cent, and Lyndhurst. 8 per cent. j
WASHINGTON, Xov. 28. — The
Fayerweather will case was decided by
the Supreme Court of the United
States to-day in favor of the colleges.
The case involved a bequest of about
$2, 500, 000 made to twenty different
colleges by the late Daniel G. Fayer
weather, a leather merchant of New
York, who died in 1890. The will was
attacked by Fayerweather's widow
and two nieces, fraud being charged.
Contest in the Faycrweathep Will Case
Ends in Favor of the
Institutions.
TWO AND A HALF MIL.IJOXS
FOR VARIOUS COLLEGES
The French bark JoInviJJe. which was quot
ed for reinsurance at 10 per cent, arrived yes
terday 214 clays from Hull and 1S4 days fr«m
Newcastle. England. . Thr; vessels remaining
on ih<; overdue lift are quoted for reinsurance
Overdue Bark Arrives,
Will Be Away for Six Months.
The PaciSc Mall <>>mpany's etramship Bar
racouta, which Baited yesterday fcr the south,
will not return to this pert for about six
month*. Phe will ply between Ontral Ameri
ca.n and Mexican fv;rtr. leathering freight for
the regular Panama llneri". She carried from
here about l.V«.> tons of cargo and will call at
nearly every c^aft port nirth of Colombia, n.
Hirschburg, who »a* <m the Artec
while the we s on t^.e coa«t, went out ye«ter
flay «a purser en the Barraceuta.
Will Play Santa Claus
Th« schedule of the steamship t."ma.tii;a
calls for her departure from Seattle on De
cember 24, and in anticipation of Christmas
Czi' ax sea f'artain Ncpandtr is quietly mak
ing elaborate preparations. The turkey and
plum pudding end of the affair will be looked
«ifr by the company's commissary depart
ment, but responsibility for th* sentimental
side, for which company rule* n-.ake no pro
virlor.. will be m-sume<J by Captain Nopander.
He is making a collection of appropriate
Christmas cifts. and during the eariy watches
of I*»cen-.ber 25 will play f-anta Cla.us to all
pjusser-tfTs en the Umalillm.
At the end of this month the metecrclos
ical reports now turned Into th* hydrojeraphic
office of the navy nill be handled by the
Vmied States Weather Bureau. These reports
nave been supplied by the people who go down
to the eta. in chips fend their value has been
Inestimable. Matters meteorological, however.
are more in the line of the Weather B-jreau's
work and the hydrcsraphic offlc* hereafter
¦will be able to devcte more attention to hy
drography pure and simple. The Navy l/e-
I>artm»-nt &£ks th? peusroinc world to continue
rr.ak.in* note* and reporting: all matters t>f hy
(Jrotrsphic interest, and the Weather Bureau
bIfo wants the seafarers to keep up their me
teorological records.
Meteorological Reports
Max Returns to This Port
The French bark llax of unhappy memory
arrived eft the i>ort yesterday after a smart
I<aisagc, eixty-one days, from Newcastle, Aus
tralia. This is the eecond time the Max has
been here tine? the ran into and *ank th<?
I'hf-srr^er steamship Walla Walla. That dis
astrous collision, ln which many lives were
lo«, occurred . • 4 .-<:¦. of January 2. 10<C
It was one of th» worn diracters in the ma
rine history of this COM3. RJid with its mem
ory the name of the French bark Max will
forever be associated.
ins-hare, eeeklrig fhelier whenever the elements
rhow sigr* cl anper. Although small, th«
Champerlco is in one rwpect m"re luxuriously
?•quipped then any ocean lln«r that visits this
ix»rt. Over the wh»el is a canvas awnine to
k«-ep the sun'f ray* off the steersman's head
a^id imm»<lia.tf-ly Iwhind the wheel is built a
comfortable ami chair, which to the eye of
the landsman might be more conducive to
elumber than, to the watchfulness necessary
for the proper guidinjr of the vessel. Ths
< "hamp^rico made a trial trip yesterday and
pave promise of bcint; able to taice pood care
of .herself vn the long \cyage before her.
rom this port. Though stout and seaworthy,
he Chamjwrico is Fmail lor the k>r.g ocean
oyage betor* her and will keep a course well
The tug Champerico, which was built here
fi>r the Oir^pania <le Angelas of Chair.pericow
ieaves to-day for her southern home port,
wfcere she Trill be kept bu^y towing coffee
bar^ef. She will take a new barse with her
Luxury on the < Jhauipcrico.
her from destruction.
The schooner left Grays Harbor for
this port with 1S0.OO0 feet of lumber,
pert of it smugly stowed in her hold,
the remainder piled on deck and se
r^rely lashed. Heavy weather was en
countered soon after leaving the north
ern port and November 14, when the
schooner was 150 miles west of Cape
Blanco, a succession of gales came
shrieking from tht* southeast. The
r*iock of wind and wave literally
"rhivered the timbers" in the Volant's
stout hull and she began to leak at an
alarming rate. Her pumps lacked the
fcrce to suck out the water as fast as
it poured in through the opening seams
and to gave the schooner the deck load
lashings were cut and 60,000 feet of
lumber thrown overboard. This light
ening of the weight on the Volant's
deck reduced the strain, her pumps
soon cleared the hull of water and yes
terday Captain Skipper brought his
\rssel safely to port.
The schooner Manila, which arrived
yesterday, twenty-one days from Port
Gamble, was for fifteen days fighting
southerly and southeasterly gales. She i
Vrought 900.000 feet of lumber-
\£he schooner Volant, Captain Skip
per, "which arrived here yesterday from
Grays Harbor, encountered the full
force of the southeasterly pales that
have been sweeping these shores of
the Pacific and a third of the vessel's
cargo was thrown overboard to save
60,000 Feet of
Lumber Cast
fe Adrift.
PITTSBURG. Nov. 28.— A bank in
Wooster went to the wall several day*
ago and the officers of the "Wayne
Coupty National Bank of that place
were somewhat worried, fearing a
"run." Almost before they had their
breakfasts on Friday morning a tele
phone message came from H. C. Frick
asking what the situation was and
whether they needed any money ln
case a "run" were started.
The answer did not appear to be just
what Frick had hoped for, so the multi
millionaire gathered up two large grips
filled with bills and in his automobile
started for Ohio. Frick reached Woos
ter early and sent out word that all
paper which the holders did not. like
should be brought ln. He settled many
notes and on Saturday morning smil
ingly took his place in the Wayne
County Bank and told every one to
"bring on the run." The result was
that there was no "run" on the bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PUMPS UNABLE
TO CLEAR HOLD
Depositors of a Pennsyl
vania Institution Decide
They Are Not in Danger
ACTION -AVERTS PANIC
Schooner Springs
Aleak During
a Gale.
Armed With Two. Valises,
Crowded With Currency,
He Appeals for Trouble
FRICK CHECKS
"RUN" ON BANK
DECKLOAD THROWN OVERBOARD
TO PREVENT VOLANT FROM SINKING
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904
11
AJDVEKTlSEangXTS.
"Very fine people in tfils
world,** mused Golden
Gate.
'"I receive a great wel-
come at the breakfast
table, at banquets,
receptions, and wher-
ever I go.
"Everybody says I'm
the finest coffee ever
produced.
"Ah, it's nice to be
famous."
Nothisrf does with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bat satisfaction. N o
priaes — no coupons — no crockery.
1 and 2 lb. nroma-tldht tins.
.N'-ver sold in bulk.
J. A. Folg'er a Co,
Established Half a Cenlury
San Francisco
S visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
dEHSEUH OF flSflTOHYi>
V S& i:aiu2XSTsr.t*t.6:M7tt,3.r.:^.£
X . Cy The l_ir~-it AMtcmical Mu-»um in i!>e \
f) in 1I_ X Wor!<t Hokiuitn or itiy c<viitt»c-^<1 Q
• &'J *3j -Uiffise r**"'*«*"-"y rare." ,.y the olo:>: .
0 SB^ 8 C "* JORDAN-D'SEASES CF UEH Q
\ &w*^f52 Cor«i:ltihon f.-je ir.d itri'tly nriira'e. \
ff B X»«4t 3 TtMtrasr.t pei-on»li» or bv Ictcr. A M
\ H tf Mm Cmrm in car-auadertaJce-*. T
nvS lie Wtii, f,» p.,ok. --niMt-iupav of A
V * ff !}*• *a*BniAGC. uniLEa fx&s. ( a V
A Jl [L valuable bore lor mrxt) • \
y i2c jcssi.'i dk«ro..iK« xrnr*ii>t.st.".s. f. y
\ MERCHANT TAILORS, -|
| 112. Sutter S treat, if
? Novelties in , Imported Wear. : I
InanrcD'cl C^ 5 S1CK HEADACHE.
LAKItno .
&armE Genuine Must Bear
gT IVER Fac-Simile Signature
U PILLS. -~^—~ >
. ¦ ApVERTISiaCEXTS. • _:_. _-j.
Children Arc QuicKIy and Painlessly Cured
* —No Cutting, No Chloroform, No
Fright— by the Wonderful New
Electro- Chemic Treatment!
fgJIStBKSmm^S^f^KS^^^SSB^^'-'^ ' My 1IUI^ Slrl. Rosa, had suffered a Inn?
k^^^^^^^^^-^iS s tIme wlth catarrh. I think she had it from ."¦,
Kra^i^att^S'WBBfe. % 'flSsi S ° tlred °" taking nasty medicines that I knew
» > >*¦" *¦- make a vsit to San Francisco in order to place*
liflSrJ^ 1 * 'i^Tbtl ' : ' j^ i^ft'BWrinl Rosa under the Electro-Chemic tn>«t-r.enr.
E^Bffifflffl"Si3 "^¦r < "^M t£*i*3 ?Tt^^3^- f l^^3 What ha5tened rr.v tn d.> this wa» that tin-*
•r\i$l£i&%i'€<f^' 'CS^Bis^hShS^S?^ catarrh began to affect ,th» child's ears. Sh*
R^fT^SS^^^^^a^S mF^'J^N@fe^ Was rapIJIy Knowing d»af ana the ears wer-»
u!wl?w il^ ra^^^ 80re an<^ painful. Rosa has just taken on<*i
ffl^^^MtfH^^^SS^^ month's treatment at the Electro-ChenUo In-
iJm^^ffi^'wM EF e> \f •titute. Sbe hears perfectly now. Th» sor»-
i«E^^'^^ffiMl Si^•¦^•''^'S nes> ln the * ar * has dlanvpea-red. Her no->«
LW : i^''">.'''^iBil BBBW^^^s! <Jc ' 9 not discharge a.r.y more and all of t!i»
Mrf^^"*^S§^* catarrhal odor Is gene. She can, eat well and
j^^LxTflB^BH^BiBBSit^ft^'' ' P^^^^ ** er tood agrees well with her. The' child Is
BmBw8lB^M«<5Sjft^^ cured and all of this has been accomplished
by the EIactn> ' c<heTat<; treatment In one short
g^K^E^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^W^ month at a small exztr.sp. I am so happy
-over the result that It gives me pleasure ta
fH^^^^^^^^S"^«^^^«r'"^ * : - " '^ " " 1 m*^* thl » public statement of my little daujh-
t^. "2^^SH|E8j^^St c i $?i£?^'?&*£ f^"' *? **'i ter's cure. I surely can recommend this
S?$-»?S«i HRsmHrPI wonderful new treatment to all catarrhal suf-
ferer*. - 1 *ra stoppinc at 030 Powell street*.
&^*W^^ San Francisco, but my home address Is Slerr*
P%*^vf^'^^ i^.5^<"U ; H^l City. Cal. In a week or two I shall return
. |^^^WHH^^HB^B^^^^^m3^B hom « deling that it was a happy day for m*
when I learned of this wonderful new Electro-
p-^^fV^^^^p^^^^MJ^^Mpr^V^^H CUerr.lc treatment."
Rosa Cabona, 030 Powell st., San Francisco. '¦ Home address. Sierra City. CaL
CONSULTATION TT^ Tft f^ ¥3*
and m w€ fiL JlL
EXAMINATION — *^" *~* J * m *
Any one «ufferln-r from any of the foUorwinjf dl«ea«et is cordially tajited to
call at the Electro-Chemic Inrtltute, 118 Orant avenue, San Pranci«co, for fre«
consultation and examination. The Electro-Chemlo treatment 1» the most scien-
tific and the most successful treatment known for. the core of Consumption, Ca-
tarrh, Asthma, Bronchitis. Rheumatism. Kenraliria. JCocomotor Ataxla. rallingr
SicknesK, Epilepsy, Dizziness. Headaches. Spots before the Eyes. Piles. Plssure,
Fistula, Stricture. Prostatitls. Inflammation of the Bladder. Varicocele. Herva Ex-
haustion. Cancers, Tumors, Old Sores, -Weak Heart. Palpitation. Shortness of
Breath. Insomnia, Blood Poison. Skin Diseases. Eczema, Goitre, Swollen Joints,
Weak Back, Kidney Diseases. BriirhVs Disease. Diabetes. Special Diseases of Wo-
men — Irregularities. Displacements. Congestion, etc.. etc.
HOME TREATMENT— The Electro-Chemla home treatment la most successful. It Is al-
ways advisable, when the patient can arrange to da so. to visit. the Institute for personal
consultation and examination. If this la Impossible 'a short description of the principal
symptoms should be sent and full Instructions regarding home examinations and treatment
will b« promptly forwarded, free of charge.
THE ELECTRO -CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 GRANT AVE., Cor. POST ST.. SAN FRANCISCO
Office Hours: 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 : p. m. daily. Sundays: 10 a. in. to 1 p. a.
Separate Apartments for Ladles and Gentlemen.
ApreRTISEME.VTS : _
. Proficiency
The Key to Our Success
in laundering clothes to the wearer's
satisfaction consists of the three P's
promptness, proficiency, punctuality,
with perhaps the loud pedal on the
middle number, proficiency. Our work.
methods and materials invariably pro-
dufce.good results and we hesitate not a
whit in asking your patronage. It's
easy to 'phone us hurry orders.
ONITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MAKuST STKEET.
Telephone South 430.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904/
12
C-AIBVOYA-TTS— Continued.
MMF> M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
.Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently located at 17 Third at., next Exam-
iner bids.; she rep.cis your life correctly,
given an accurate description of the past, re-
. veals the pr-sent happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be tcld how to overcome them: valuable ad-
vice ln all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4560
Mrs.A.H.Krcnenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.: tel. Larkin 4207.
MRS. SHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: fitting* dally. 103 Cth st, rooms 1-2.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 23c;
gents 50c; hours 12 to 9. 545 Minna st.
1 MRS. BAUMANN. the well-Unown fortune-
teller, la now at 317 Ellis st
SPiniTtrAE,is-g.
A — DON'T fall to see Mrs. Dr. Gordon, the
wonder of the age. 132 Sixth st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 120G Market, r. 14. Gait House.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth Bt.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c; read-
ings daily; come skeptics. 619 McAllister st.
Mrs. Eberhardt; test meeting to-night of un-
usual Interest. 2t>7 San Jose, bet. 24th-25th.
PROF. GEE, medium and healer; readings
dally; clrcle-every night; 10c. 1206 Market st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted Rlate-wrlter and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plat*— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set;- all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth. I
DR. LUDLUM'HJLU 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
,TCo charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c i silver, 35c: crowns. $2: no
paln;op#n Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. EUrgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth.. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up:flllings,2Sc
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ORLSSMAKEES AI7-3 SS AMSTHISSES.
MRS. T. CLUNE of New York opens dress-
making parlors at 2170 Post, opp. Hamilton
Square; prices reas. ; S. T. Taylor system.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkl
Accordlon. sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art*« buttnn and buttonhole factory.110 Taylr
r EDPCATIOHAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bids.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
• shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning ln America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 2»
Post St., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, stsam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college: new. large rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College. 733 Mission.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; eet. 1364. Van
der Naiilen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
Established 18ti3; largest in the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars. ¦
47losscnsPitman shorthand and hold anyposltlon;
guar. ;f0 court reportlng;"single-rage method"
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 1281 Market.
BOOKKEEPING. En*.. Math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual InMr. 305 Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
CLASSES "in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Men., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 d. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1.182 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Prea.
BOOKKEEPING— Pave time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 628 Halght at.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 343 Halght:
individual Instruct.; all branches; day, ev«.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shor.thand; typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
ADULT nnd Juvenile cfasses now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'jr.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTZNGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANISH, French. etc. Prof.De Fiiippe'sAcadsmy
of languages. 1018 Post: est.l87l:ablest profs.
•
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. 1MURA, S"K) Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell at.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz .Tamagaki.mgr. Tel.Bush 850.
> CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's, 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeara
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
JMFLOYMSHT WANTEp-rEMALE
YOUNG lady stenographer, city references. 3V4
years' experience In mercantile and othtr
work, operate any kind of machine; salary
no less than $40 mo. Address box 1870, Call.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants
position; is good cook and first-class laun-
dress: best of references. Call 794 Folscm
St., near Fourth.
BY a refined young lady, office or store work
preferred. Call Tuesday after 10 a. m., 774
McAllister Bt. Phone Page 1833.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes position as
housekeeper or cook for men; city or cotfntry.
Call 360 First St.. cor. Harrison, bet. 2 and 5.
AN experienced woman of education would
like position of trust; good seamstress; ref-
erences. Box 1732, Call office. ,
AN honorable woman wants work of any kind
by the day or place of trust. 402V4 Te-
hama st.
A PERFECT, laundress and house cleaner
wunts work at $1 25 per day; references. ,
Box 1730, Call office. >
AN experienced - stenographer, quick, accurate
and responsible, wishes position. Box 331,
Call office. . . . .
YOUNG woman wishes situation; general
housework; city or country;, best references.
14 Duboce ave. ¦ *
COMPETENT woman wants work by day,
washing or house cleaning. 316 Linden. ave.
GIRL. 16 years old. wants to take care of
children. MISS L. SHEEL. 223 Eleventh st.
A LADY having several years' experience
would like a position as manager in a hotel
or / large - pri\-ate house; city ,- or country;
satisfactory references given. Address box
1373. Call office. '.^.-*. ¦ »
RELIABLE woman wishes few • nice families
by day; chamber work, washing- or cleaning.
I - 4SS Geary st, phone Brown 32.
I EXPERIENCED nurse} wishes to care for in-
I valid, or will act as companion to lady; best
refs. Box 177. Call.
WANTED — A few more nursing places by a
competent nurse. Apply S56 Folscm st
YOUNG woman for general housework in small
. family; wages. $20. r Box 1781, Call.
A NEAT, reliable woman wants work by th<»
• day; good references. Box 1S80, Call office.
A COLORED woman wishes work, • washing.
Ironing or cooking. ; 2332 Greenwich st.
CHINESE , lady. wlth^Kirl 7 years old. would
.like to have good home: willing to do/house-
. .work: '-wages no object: neaV school. Apply
- at once. 1 to 2 p. m., 8O4 Stockton st , r.-6o.
ADVERTISEMENTS? subscriptions received at
;< Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT.- ads and subscriptions' taken for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
~_AT8 TO _ET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; aa-lmmaas* lists
service absolutely free; taks> advantag* or
this department; it will savs you tlsoa and
trouble. Cord«a Furniture Co.. 2t3~39 Geary
St.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; ststt de-
. sirable vacant placa in San Francisco on
our lists: service absolutely free; Jet us find
you a plac«: coma ln and let ua Know what
rent you want to pay and tha locality; "w»
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market St., opp. McAllister.
ELLIS, 1247, between Octavla and I_guna;
grandest flats ln city; Just completed; 7. 7,
10 rooms, and 550 Willow ave., 5 rooms;
will be open daily between 10 and 5 o'clock.
JUST completed, 3 very elegant Cits of 7, 8.
8 rooms; social hall and attic, beam ceilings,
paneled dining-room. 1334-36-33 McAllister.
near Stelner; rent very moderate.
ELLIS. 1247; bet. Octavla and Laguna— Orand-
est flats In city: Just completed; 7. 7, 10
rooms, and 550 Willow av«., 5 rooms: will
be open daily bet. 10 and 5 o'cloc— .
IN Mission; Homestead st. near 24th: $2350,
$25: swell now flats; 5-6 rooms, bath: anr.r.y;
near school. Apply BALDWIN _ HOWEli,
25 Po»t st. .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. near Central *?• — New,
¦unny flats, tinted and frescoed. S rooms.
bath, $30; 8 rooms, bath, attis. $33; open
dally.
A FLAT of 3 rooms and bath. 49 Sanchez st..
bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth, north of
Market; $25. ¦
$40 — FINE 2d-story flat of 7 sunny rooms and
bathroom, 2 attic rooms and basement. 1423
Green st.. nr. Van Ness ave.
ELEGANT modern flat. 7 roomi and batlii sua
ln every room: garden, lawn, rlew; rant rta-
aonable. 959 Fell at.
ELLIS, S2S — 2 elegant sunny parlors and
kitchen, recently finished, for business and
dwelling purposes. $3O.
CASTRO, 6T3. nr. 20th— New sonny flat, « nas.;
latest Improvements; reas. to rood tenant.
ELEGANT new flat; 6 large- sunny rooms and
bath. 1737 Page st.. near Golden Gat* Park.
ELLIS. 735B — Lower flat, aix rooms, b—th; all
modern conveniences.
FOR rent — Nice, sunny flat of T rooms and
bath; rent reasonable. 2S10 Pine st.
GREEN. 1314A. bet. Larkin and Polk— Six
rooms; bath; very sunny.
HAIGHT. 852— Upper flat. 7 rooms and ba-th,
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery at.
MODERN upper flat, 5 rooms and bath, 3S25
Twenty-fourth st. ; rent $23 50.
NEARLY new flat to let; 4 rooms and bath.
336 Tehama st.
NEW. upper. C-room and bath: rent $25. 63
Douglass at., bet. 17th and 18th.
NEW modern flat of 6 rooms; sun ln ereTy
room: $27 50. 2C06 Folsom St., near 22d.
OCTAVIA, 405. cor. Fell— Flat 5 larye rooms,
bath, yard, basement; modern taproTementa.
SUNNY cor. middle flat. 2042 Scott, cor. Sac-
ramento: 7 rooms, etc. ; $27 50; water free.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath. C2T Hill at..
near Castro.
5 ROOMS and bath. 80 Bluxome at., near
4th; a'.l In good order; rent $17. y
$22 50^ — NEW modern flat. 5 rooms, bath and
basement. 132 Eureka St.. near Eighteenth.
$25 — New sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath. North-
west corner No» and 24th sts.
FLATS JTO J^ JSAIJ3— VVlta_ JL3mn>.
$350 — 107 PIERCE St.. 8 w»ll furnished rooms;
will give immediate possession: this Is a sac-
rifice, as the owner must leave city; call be-
tween 2:."'.O and 5:30 p. m. Sunday. Monday
or Tuesday: rent $35: 3 rooms furnished can
b« sublet "at $20. Call 4C7 Pierce St.. San
Francisco.
REDUCED — Modern sunny upper flat. 7 large
rooms; going to Montana. 917 Jones St..
near Bush; phone Larkin 4125.
A QUIET light sunny 5-room flat; large yard:
fuPhished cozy home, $10O; low rent. 17tJ
Collingwood st., near Eighteenth and Ca3tro.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms for sal* at one*
for $175. Box 4704. Call office.
9-ROOM modern flat, nicely furnfuhed: rooms
all rented; bargain: 12 to 3. 1173 Ellis »t.
r~B~IT7J__ W— XJ TED.
~ "~"~" ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture. etc.. until you get hla estlm— t*.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. inc.. 1630 Market; phone Jessie 2S36.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
?TJ__* ix u __ ?OS aaT -' w
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7SS Mission; tel. Bush 813
WALNUT furniture of high grade, etc.. for
«ale; no dealers. 255 Thirteenth st.
— — t.t» WA3rT_-l> FE__v__-
PASTRT cook, small delicatessen,.. J3O
5 cooks. German families $30-$H5
Parlormaid, city $3O
2 second girls $2O-$-T>
Second girl and nurse, Alameda..... $25
Housework, Sorora; 2 family, fare here. (25
Chambermaid and seamstress |25
Housework. Berkeley, no washing; $25
Chambermaid and waiting, country $2»
Housekeeper. 2 men. 1 child $20
Housework, ranch, near San Josa $_i>
Cook, small restaurant S.'Wi
Nurseglrl $15
Cook. 10 adults J2O
40 general housework girls, $20. $25, $*!<>.
city and country- Apply to J. F. CRO8ETT
6 CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AA— GEORGE DAVIS & CO.
Employment Agency. 130 Sansom* st, r. 9.
Saleslady, notion store. $60; must ba ex-
perienced.
Assistant saleslady, apprentice. $20 month.
Ledy take care of child. $20, room and board.
NURSE, $25; 2 cooks. $23 each; house girl,
Oakland. $25: 6 housework girls, city. $25,
$30; 2d girl, $25; house girl St. Helena. $30;
cook, institution. Oakland. $30. MRS. NOR-
TON. BOS Mason St.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn b_tr_re*-m*.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering bow;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leadlac
school In West. 233 Geary st. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery no— tot
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $3; positions aa
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled !_.
mediately. Parlors. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresstns;.
manicuring:, electric massage, etc. : six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st
WANTED— Girl to assist light housework-
smalKJamily; good home; wages $12 to $15*
3Of> Tenth ave., Richmond: phone- Jackson
613.
A FIRST-CLAS3 tailoress and an apprentice
wanted on custom coats; steady work' good
ray. 533 Natoma st
OPERATORS wanted on all parts of shirts-
steady work year round: best pay u__fAv'
SEELIGSOHN & BROWN*. 71S Mlsslon^t '
WANTED — First-class numberer and pager-
first-class wages. At J. B. McINTYRF"<5
bindery. 424 Sansome st. ""^TYRE'S
WANTED — First-class finisher on coats. 333
Kearny st. room 13.
WANTED— Lady assistant at 467 Geary st for
bath parlors.
Y 25H r M^L tO s^ ke ° f «-™™-d chUd.
W^m T fo D -^Y C I E Tr thCart ' a t0WP t0 ***
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, tt p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
tera. bend stamped envelope for particulars
Ideal Mfg. Co.. Cassopolla. Mich. t " tular *'
BY business house, a woman free from homa
cares; no bookkeeping or stenography' Box
241. Call office.
L *«R IES , for sfady home employment: $3 and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckcls bids 9"7 Mar
ket St.. room 618. — «*-
A PRACTICAL sensible woman can find busi-
ness opportunity. Box 240. Can office.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 3d Gears'
St., room 33.
EMP-OY1— - ITT WAITE'SP-- MAIR_
STEADY, sober young man wants position as
porter in hotel, office, or as vegetable man,
no saloon work; will do any kind of worn,
reliable and sober. Box 1764, Call office.
A YOUNG man desires situation; speaks Ger-
man, Spanish and Scandinavian languages;
competent surveyor, bookkeeper and naviga-
tor. Address S. B. p box 17C3, Call office.
GERMAN, nxat and clean, wants position;
kitchen man general work all round, handy,
useful, obliging; country preferred. Please
address box 1737, Call ofnee.
I MIDDLE-AGED man desires position as hotel
clerk or barkeeper; city or country; country
preferred; 12 years' experience; good refer-
ences. Box* 206. Call office.
WANTED — By a German, position to milk
cows, tend horses or take care of place; ref.
Address GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominican Sis-
ters. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero st-.
POSITION wanted by younff man. aga 23
years, in power plant or manufacturing com-
pany as pipefitter or work involving same.
Box 1738, Call office. '
TRAVELING salesman would like a position
with a reliable firm; specialty line preferred;
reference on application: Box 3S7. Call of Qoe>.
TWO young men wish positions as grocery
• clerks. 2 and 6 years' experience. Apply H.
SCHUBBEN. 70tt Ellis St.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.
Box 1733. Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED scrap iron man would, llko
position. Address F. L. WYATT, Redwood
City. •
TRAVELING salesman would llko a position
with a reliable firm; specialty line preferred;
reference on application. Box 387. Call office.
WANTED— Position, I city or country: would
loan employer $200 in trust; well-known
through the State. Box 326, Call office.
WANTED — Position as valet or nurse for in-
valid male. Box 70, Call office.
WANTED — A position by a young man as Jan-
itor, porter or butler. Box 305, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants office work, or as col-
lector; best references. Box 1762. Call office.
ELDERLY man wants situation; single; no
bad habits: references. Box 1729. Call.
YOUNG man wishes work ln warehouse. Box
1705. Call office.
HONEST, industrious young man. 23. compe-
tent to tend old sick gentleman, lady or In-
valid, wishes position; no objection to do
other work: 2 years' experience with doctor;
best references; wages $25 to $3O month.
Box 1S51. Call office.
A A— FIRST-CLASS painting, paper hanging,
tinting and decorating by thoroughly experi-
enced mechanic, by the day or Job; wcrk
guaranteed. 1454 Devisadero st.
COMPETENT young porter wishes employ-
ment by day, week or month ln hotel build-
ing or private place; city or country. Box
1740. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1739, Call office.
BY a man 26 years old, bookkeeping:, time-
keeping or similar work on a ranch; at pres-
ent employed, but desires a position ln coun-
try; south preferred; references. Box 1779,
Call office. j
JJIDDLE-AGED man would like to hare po-
sition as v.-orkine foreman on asparagus
ranch- experienced- worked at Sacramento,
Kotildln Island. Alvlao. GEO. BROWN.
Baden, South San Francisco.
GERMAN, middle age. wants position as vege-
table or flower gardener; understands prun-
ing, is handy wit hcarpenter tools and un-
derstands also to care for horses; city or
country. Box 160. Call office.
COLORED man wishes situation as houseman;
understands care of horses, cows, chickens;
city or country; has references. Address
W. CHOCLATE, 1338 Market St., opposite
Seventh.
BRIGHT youns man of 17 years, residing with
-parents/ wishes to work in wholesale house,
fill orders or work in stock; best or refer-
ences. Box 1S75, Call.
GARDENER wishes situation; competent ln all
branches: greenhouses, orchard, vegetables
and landscBpe gardening; references. Box
1 925. Call office. ,
WANTED— By experienced traveling salesman,
position either on road or Inside; references
exchanged. Box 290. Call.
YOUNG man. good hostler, wants place ln
livery stable: city or country; place with
board preferred. Box 1012, Call.
GOOD cook wants position; first-class refer-
ences: hotel or boarding-house; wages $60.
Box 235. Call.
FIRST-CLASS baker and pastry cook, wife as
helper or saleslady, wish positions; city or
country. 311 Turk et.
BOOKKEEPER, professional accountant. d«-
. sires position; can furnish best "of references.
941 Poplar St., Oakland; phone Red 32S5.
POSITION a? stationary or steam shovel en-
gineer; also steam fitter. Address room 73,
Winchester Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and coachman wants
situation: is sober, reliable and trustworthy;
best city and country refs. Box 1844, CaTT.
WANTED — Position as candy helper. Box 237,
Call office.
MAN and wife, man as cook, wife as helper,
want positions; ctty. Box 236, Call.
MARRIED man desires a position aa collector
or clerk; age 2.1; reference. Box 1787. Call.
ELDERLY man wants situation; single; no
bad habits; refs. Box 1S36, Call.
COACHMAN and e;*rdener wants a position;
have first-class references. Box 1956. Call.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants position In
family boardln«r-house> or country hotel. Ad-
dress L. G., 776 Clay St.
CHINESE wants position a« first-class cook In
private family; wages $40, $50. 80* Sacra-
mento st.. room 6.
A FIRST-CLASS Chines cook wants position
in family. QUON GOON. 320 Kearny st.
A BRIGHT Japanese boy wants steady work to
df> as porter or housework either, any kind of
help during morning or afternoon. K. H.,
4.J2 Sutter st.
A BRIGHT Japanese boy wants steady work
to do an porter or hous?work, either, any
k'.nd of help, during morning or afternoon.
K. H.. 432 Sutter st.
JAPANESE wishes a position as cook or first-
class waiter ln email family. H. NISHI-
HARA. 417 Jones st.; phone Hyde 1675.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy
or houseworker. OHARA, Japanese Y. M.
C. A.. 121 Hal.ht st.
A JAPANESE boy wants & situation as porter
or waiter; speaks very good English. WIL-
LIAM. 849 Bush st.; phone Black 1196.
A JAPANESE, young, honest boy wants a po-
sition as schoolboy In good family in city.
M. I.. 507 Larkin St.; tel. Larkin 14SW.
A JAPANESE wants position as cook or house-
worker; wages $t5 up a week. GEORGE
WATANABE, 1.336 California st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes situation ln a
small family. , TOMISAKI. box 1972. Call.
GOOD Japanese boy desires position as school-
boy: understands cooking. 260% Brannan et.
1 A JAPANESE boy desires to work ln a store.
I S. SUGA. 001 Sacramento st. |
A JAPANESE educated in this country with
desire to learn music wants position as
schoolboy; honest and sober. Box 293, Call. ,
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception "'.
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market ft., opposite Fifth-
Open until 11 p. m.
.- ECZEMA CTJ__.
$100 FREE for any cave of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure: a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
TISAnCXAT..
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.'
Capital paid in $4,600.000 00
Surplus 040,901 86
Issues
Six per cent
- Investment Certificates •;•:-.
At , par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
STOCK ln the Oakland Cremation Association
for sale. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 47tt
Tenth st.. ¦ Oakland.
; COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
I sold; strcnK E"astern connections: advice free.
' Write A. F. HARASZTHT. 522 Crossl-y bids.
T-^ATS TO LET— 2TrS5IS-fl!I).
NEATLY furnished sunny corner flat, 4 rooms
arid bath, $20. 1096 Golden Gate ave.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SAIiE — Con.
/ ______
MARION GRIFFIN/
400 Hearst building;, over Examiner entrance,
corner Third and Market sts.; tel Black 3G07.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
Abstract of Title Free With Each Sale.
Half furnished 40- " Beautifully f u r-
room house north nished house of
of Market; $1500 60 rooms; on a
take- it up to 10 sunny corner;
a. m. ; December stick a pin here;
2. "There Is a . the rent is only
tide ln the affairs $16S; hpuse full
of all men's lives of steady room-
if taken at .the ers; on account
flood leads on to of sickness the
fortune." pr i ce ($5000) is
See cu t in two.
MARION See
I r ... ; .. GRIFFIN. MARION
1 " GRIFFIN.
Absolutely ou.r '
best furnished 20- DOUBLE °the
room- transient profit could be I
house; right In '- made' ln this
the heart of busi- high-class house;
ness activity: you \ 37 rooms; rich
will nead to . put furniture, carpets
up about $1500 in and hanglngsjflne
cash; now clears entrance; an air
$150; your ability of wealth per-
will be the meas- - vades the house;
ure of ycur profit. profit now $175;
See fine 1 a n d 1 o rd;
MARION worth$45CO.
GRIFFIN. . Se(T^ .
" MARION
THINK! A 33- . . . GRIFFIN.
room house, clear- ' -
lnfe" $141 monthly; UNHEARD of
price $2000; half terms; 23 rooms;
cash and $25 nicely furnished
monthly; t h o r- apartments ;clears
oughly respect- $74 monthly; onfy
able. 5400 down and
Seo ¦ easy terms.
MARION See
GRIFFIN. MARION -
GRIFFIN.
Vacant, 10 rooms;
and 20 furnished: REAL ESTATE |
now clears $79 - wanted ln ex-
monthly. Almost change for a
no work for lar.d- high-class, 50-
lady. If you have room house;clears
gocd furniture ¦ ¦ $3000 yearly above I
and $100 cash all expenses, ln-
coma and iree us. eluding living for
MARION man and wife;
GRIFFIN. fine furnishings.
. MARION
BRING us $.-300 GRIFFIN.
and we will put |
you In possession S P L E NDIDLY
"of a nice 15- % furn i s h e d 4i>-
room house full room house; ex-
of steady room- ceptlonal loca-
ls; profit $63 tion; lease If de-
monthly: we back fired; high class
you for $700. ' ; cf rocmera; very
See quiet and select;
MARION only $1750 cash
GRIFFIN. required; easy
. — terms; fine house.
JS0~£oms7~in0 "MARION
furnished; $75C0; GRIP FIN.
handsomest mod- '
ern apartment- — p - s - —
house ln this i < 6 la ""Se, light;
city; beautiful • $3000; rent $150;
furniture; great lease if desired;
bargain: should house and fur-
clear $700 each 30 nlshlngs ln good
days. order: 1 in a fine
See locatlch; clears
MARION $1"5; on sunny
GRIFFIN. 6lde -
See
MARION
Swell W) - room. GRIFFIN.
new and modern ;
house on Sutter; 100 rooms; apart-
most beautifully '..- ment house; al-
furn 1 s h e d and ways full of nice
clearing $258 , and permanent
monthly: electric / people; income la
lights; electric ' $1007 monthiy;ex-
elevator; single penses $649; profit
rooms; mostly $448;" - sickness
business men makes a sale ab-
room ers; price solutely necessary
$5000; easy terms. at once.
Sec See
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN. - GRIFFIN.
MITCHELL &' CO.V «
1200 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2081.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers.'' Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
12 rooms, R. $45; good house..... $650
11 rooms. R. $40; Al house * $725
7 rooms, R. $27 50; corner flat $200
14 rooms. R. $<;(>; transient. J1150
14 rooms, R. 547 50; transient $750
0 rooms, R. $37 50^ good renter.... $300
SPECIAL bargain— Flat ot 3 nicely furnished
rcoms; on Geary pt., near Powell; Brussels
carpet; inlaid linoleum; golden oak furniture;
brass bedsteads; hair mattresses; Majestic
range; dlninK and kitchen tables; cocking
utens'ils, dishes, etc.: large yard: rent $15;
all goes for $150. See BROOKBANK, 017
Market gt., near Fifth.
/ * ««___
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT CO., 10 Turk st..
dealers in real estate, room!ng-hou?es. etc. ;
call and Ins'pect our list of bargains; only
legitimate propositions sold by us; title*
guaranteed. -
BANK REFERENCES.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
14-ROOM lodging-house for sale; no agent.
402 Geary st.
BARGAIN; 0-room rooming-house, for sale. In-
quire at 860 Mission St.
FOR sale — Apartment house of 70 rooms; fine
location; sunny exposure. Box 4107, Call.
SACRIFICE — 8-room flat, all full, for sale.
753 Eddy st.
CAgPET >jasATTaa aito ciea~— to^
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpet* on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. .3. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. " .
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send. for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson Ft.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phono Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. -Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S'M. V.'ALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170.1 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 263.
CK3DIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318* Mason st.— Clothing
for everybody, f rom hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CLOTHIITC- _E-7OVATZZ7Q.
SUITS cleaned and pressed,, $1; scouring- and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bids., r. 410;
phone Drumm 41. Call for and deliver free.
orriCEs. r _
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific 'Collection - Co.. 415
Montgomery st.. .rooms 9-10.. Tel. Main 5580.
CLAIKVOYAWTS.
' — RICHARD MAYO- — : —
The Man With Psychic Power. 1
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
There la no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he la- entirely original
in his methods; different from all others; a
visit will bring sure help, and will" satisfy
you; and bring success and happiness to the
seekers of truth and advice.
-Complete clairvoyant reading .this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
421 A Ellis at.; private flat; hours 10 a. m
to S d. m. _• ,
LIVINGSTONE,"
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE, INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT LTV-
| INGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS." LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% .KEARNY ST.
MME. LANGE.the only one who can help you
C, In your -greatest troubles;^ genuine gypsy
¦ - sympathy; spiritualism : and hand . reader;
convince yourself, of her skill; 25c and up;
shows the picture, of future Husband or wife.
: S8 Turk st., near Taylor; hours, from 10 to
8, and Sundays. •
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market _ St., 8an Francisco. .' Office hour* — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 : to 8. Phone South. 1141.
MME. PORTER : clairvoyant, medium. ; born
with, double veil and second sight; tells paat. .
present, future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm.
Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. \ Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR, younr. gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marrlaga. business, etc. ; I*, 50c;
g., $1; hours 10 to !'; names. 714 Franklin st.
. . _ BUSIg E S3 JCHAJTCZS^
A— J500; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
stoce, with 3 nicely furnished rooms; rent
$15; a good paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 2«H Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON with exlegant fixtures; large
stock; full value $1500; will be sacrificed if
sold In 3 days. Call at R. G. WILKE'S,
2C^2 Kearny^t."
A— $1200; ROADHOUSB. living rms.; rent $15;
no opposition; very best location; about H
miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearxu* st.
A J120U COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
O'Farrell st.; close to 4 theaters; value In
tight; good business. See R. G. WILKE.
26*6 Kearny st.
A $000 ROADHOUSE; 5 years' lease: rent
$20; beef location on Colma road. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. _^_____
A $1650 CORNER grocery and bar. with flat
of 6 rooms; rent $60; 5 years' lease; -good
paying business; best location; Western Ad-
dltlon. See R. G. WILKE, 2tfj. Kearny at.
A fSSOO HARDWARE store, corner; ranges,
households supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lea-e; location the very best;
value In sight; owner to retire to privat*
life; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
26H Kearny «L
A $1500 GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
room*; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
businesa. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^. Keaxny.
A— $3250; HALF interest in manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on R. O. WILKE. 204
Kearny Bt.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT , and coffee saloon
in Stockton; rent $53; toe leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny gt.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 llvta* rooms and
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts ateout $1« per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 26 H Kearny st.
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash bueineas. See R. G.
WILKE. -OH Kearny »t.
A — $900; BUTCHER ehop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk st. ; lease; living rooms; owner,
must leave for Europe -to settle estate; a
ran c_tnce. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny gt.
A— $1*00; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; ealoon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl-
peas. See R. G. WILKE. 26 Kearny st.
A — $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease. In
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare cbance.
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $4000; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell St.; 2% years' lease; mu9t be
eold at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
RESTAURANT and cafe close, to Market and
Powell sts.; lease; place elegantly litted up
and doing a large business; best class of
patronage; owner engaged in other busi- |
lie*-; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE.
2fi& Kearny st-
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny at.
A— $5000; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200; -a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block Irom Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26 *j Kearny at.
A — $9C>w — CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth St., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 2l»tt Kearny st.
A — $1500 — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 26 Vi Kearny st.
A — $6300; THE leadinc candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up rlace this kind In the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
scuth of Market st. ; net rent $90; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A — S2650; HOTEL of SO rooms; rent $100; lease;
with lirst-cla^s paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipt, about $20; best location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
Et.: rent $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$400— CIGAR etore and billiard room: good
stock, fixtures and trade: prominent loca-
tion; see this. MARIN INVESTMENT CO..
235 Kearny st.
$1500— CORNER grocery and bar. MARIN IN-
VESTMENT CO.. 235 Kearny st.
$3S00— FIRST-CLASS rooming-house of forty
roon-.s; gocd location and trade: chance sel-
dom offered. MARIN INVESTMENT CO.,
235 Kearny st.
$4O0 — PARTNER wanted; contracting and job-
bing business: clears $15o monthly: duties
light. MARIN INVESTMENT CO.. 235
Kearnj- Et .
WANTED — BuMnecs opportunities; quick sales,
reafonabie commifiMons. MARIN INVEST-
MEXT CO.. 235 Kearny st.
$200— PARTNER; chance for right man.
Grocery; will sell at invoice price.
Saloons and restaurants at all prices.
BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$500 — PARTNER: chance to make big money.
BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
SOMETHING doing — something doing.
Look at the bargains and catch one.
Saloon; elegantly fitted up; a unap $1250
Small grocery and branch bakery, cheap.$.3C0
Notion store: good street: a bargain $275
24-room lodging-house, $100 over exp..$18C0
6-room lodging-house; $18 over expenses.$250
Union Business Exchange, 903 Market St.;
phone Folsom 3022.
$250 — GOOD chance for active man In estab-
lished cash business, suitable for a man
willing to do plain light work and be satis-
fied with $75 mo.; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co., 632 Market.
HARDWARE store, lnvclce $5250; best town
this State; good paying business; large, at-
tractive, up-to-date store: exceptional pffer;
ill health; no agents. Addres3 box 28, Oro-
vllle. Cal. ¦
A BAKERY: Western Addition; $25 a day
counter trade; everything first class; must
be sold at once M. GETZ & CO., 512 Mis-
sion et.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted In light mechani-
cal,buslniss; no previous experience required;
$15 to $35 a week each. 47 Geary st., rm. 2.
GOOD business proposition; Income $50 to $100
j*t <-eek; small capital. 20 O'Farrell. r. 1.
CIGAR -tand for sale, cheap; near glass works.
lfrOO Folsom st.
HIGH-SALARIED New York leading man |
wants backer with $1000 for traveling com-
pany; ¦ can show weekly profit over $200.
Address ACTOR, box 265, Call office.
' 1
¦ CANDY store or half Interest In good paying
tactory. Inquire 1810 Market St.
FOR sale — Old established clothing business in
en- of the most progressive towns in South-
ern California. For full particulars call at
318 Froot St., room 4, 9 to II a. m.
$10.000— GROCERY and feed business in good
country town for Bale; partner In poor health
Box 316. CalL
CIGAR stand; good paying; 6tock Invoices
$450; price $300; call immediately. 1442
Market st, • \
FOR sale— $2000; livery stable, opposite depot;
good buslr.ee. s and. Inquire at Landgraff's
Villa. Mill Vallty. Marln Co.. Cal.
$1200— FOR sale; sodawater bottling plant.
I Address S20 Wood St.. Oakland. Cal.
DELICATESSEN lunch room. 3 living rooms.
large stock., good business. 407% Van Ness.
EXPRESS route for sale; value in sight. Ad-
ortss box 1820. Call office.
MAN Wl v^, $ i? a ," P* rtner ln good. paying busl-
ness. 811 Turk gt. Call bet. 9 and 12 a, m.
$000— DELICATESSEN store in Hayes Valley
for eale. Box 4607. Call office. -
DELICATESSEN .for sale; good trade; In good
business locality; price $1250. Box 4706, Call.
BUTCHERS— Good business near San Francis-
co. Inquire JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market.
FOR sale— $2650 ;• saloon; good, location; no
agent. Apply box 281, Call office.
FOR sale— Half Interest ln srood restaurant;
best location; bargain. 1727 Market st.
THE^GALL
JOHN' D. SPRIi:CI-i:LS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOIiX McXACGHT. Manager
W. J. MAI -TIN .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE <~ALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department Tou Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F. <
Editorial Hocms 217 to 221 Stevenson 6t.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 73
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terras by Mail, Including Postage- (Cash With
Order) :
DAILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year. ..$8.00
X>AILT CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "5c
EUNDAY CALL, 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 100
FOREIGV [Daily. . .$8.80 Per Year Extra
pocTArr I Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I v.cekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Ca_pl« Copies Will Be Forwarded When
Requested.
_*U subscribers In ordering change of ad-
O*ws should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS, in order to insure a
prorrpt and correct compliance with tbelr re-
BMC.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
«C18 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
*1«6 Oeater Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BA_r_L W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJflorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 81
TTnlon 6<jua.re; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Company: Great
Northern Hotel; Tr*mont House; Auditorium
Jit;.:. Palmer Houte.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOGNESP. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telerhone. "Central 2619. >
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
<-orn<T Market ana Third struts: open until
12 o'clock pvery nlpht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market etrect. orpoeite Fifth; open until
II r>. m.
C" Montpcroerj* etreet, corner Clay; open until
f>:30 r. m»
COO Hay<>- street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CSfl McAllister street: op»>n until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission Ftre^t; open utitil 10 p."m.
JPfi Eleventh Etreet: cpen untjl 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street : cpen until 9 p. m.
Xertbeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
<;pcn until 9 p. m.
S200 Fl'.lmore ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
fl_-ETHTO rrOTTCE 3.
MTSSION Commandery, L". D.. K. T. — rf T. A
Stated assembly THIS (TUESDAT)
EVENING, at 7:3<» o'clock, at Ma- III)
» eor.ic Temple; «vdrr of the Temple. *3^
By ordor of the enrnmandrr.
JOHN" R. HILLMAN, Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. »
M.. will m'^t THIS vVr*
EVENING. Nov. 2!», at 7:30 o'clock; fW\
M M. d*t r re-?. Hy order of the H. P.
FR A N K LIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDFX Gat*> L^dee No. 30. F. and A. _
M — Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) W
EVKNING. at 7 o'clock; third degree. /\f\
By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary-
ORIENTAL L«..ir<? No. 144. F. and A. 9
M. Masonic Temple— Third degTee"Vy
THIS «Ti:KSr'Ay« EVENING. at/V\
7 :3O o'clock; Master Masons cordially
Invited HENRY E. PENNELL, W. M.
A. S. HICHARD, -Secretary.
EAN FRANCISCO Lo<! E e No. 360. F. O
ar.d A. ML; Mission Temple. 2Ct>S Mis-'VV
won St.— Third degree THIS (TUES- /V\
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
Visiting brethren cordially invited. By order
of the W. ML A. A. ANDEKSON. Sec
TEMPLAR L^dge No. 17, I. O. ,_.-.>-~w,«.
O. F.— The Grand Master will;W9Sgsjs>
paj u! : -. official visit T H I S =*fc5t?-%*
?TL*ESDAY» EVENING; broth-
ers and vif-itor? cordially invited to be pres-
ent. - J. ROCK, N. G.
J. R. MORRISON, R. S.
IVANHOE Lrdge No. 5. K. of P..
will confer th? Knight rank (long t^J_£^^
formt WEDNESDAY. Nov. *>. 1904.
Bt 21M Gulden Gate ave.. at 8:30 p. £^^C
m. : reejr-N-rs of sister ledges cor-
diaSly Invited. R. W. BANKS. C. C.
O. NORCROSS, K. of R. anj S.
TO officers and members Scan-
<5ln*»vlan Society: You are y&VMVTjrV
hereby requested 10 attend
the i'uneral cf our late mem- /Ci'/gi^-YsP'l
her JOHAN J. THL'ESEN. l^r^-rstel-il
frcic the oarers of H. P. ISP&lS^il^l
reter*en. McAllister «.. near \P)(£g?g3%h>J
Larkin By order of Presi- x*>«"_iP«»/
dent C. A. ANDEKSON. \&lG-&y'
S. NELSON. Sec.
SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS —
Notice is hereby riven that & special meet-
ing of the *toek!*oi<1rrs of the CENTRAL
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY will be held
en SATURDAY. December 3. 1904, at 11
o'clock a. m.. at the efflee of said company,
1_5 South Main st. (over Welis. Fargo & Co.'s
EacV). Salt Lake City, Utah, for the purpose
cf considering and assenting to. or dissent-
ing from, the execution of a new mortgage
cpon the line of railroad of cald company
extending trcm a point of connection with
lu original line Just north of the Ogden
RlvTT. in Weber County. Utah, thence west-
erly across Promontory Point and Great Salt
Lake, through the counties of Weber and
Box Elder, to a fonnectlon with the original
line of said company near and immediately
»est of Grouse Creek, between Lurln and
Gartney stations, on said line a draft of
*rhicn tald proposed mortgage 'will be sub-
tr.::u<i at said meeting
E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
j.rocMs irom Estlter Jackson and John 1L
Jackson, in Brown Eear Placer Mine, near
Neti Mohawk. I'lumas County, Cal., draln-
lr_, into Bnlsb-r Creek, which reaches llid-
<51e Fork J>a:her Btver from Shasta Coun-
ty Quartz er.d Placer Mining Co., in Mur-
derers' Gulcfa Mine, near Stella. Shasta
County. Cal., draining into Clear Creek
w-feieb rec-hejt Sacramento River, and froni
I William Nicholls Jr.. in Duryea Placer
Mine, near Ked Dog. Nevada County. Cal.,
drainlr" into Greenhorn Creek, which
rrarhes Hear Hlver, gives notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
et room G*. Flood building, San Francisco
Oil.. 1 ec. :2. i:xi4. at 1:30 p. m.
AG£_7— S ¦— _KT__D.
WANTED— Tn;8tr.-ortl:y man or woman for
email local office; »e train cur own people-
weekly r-^h salary. Supt. Local Dep't 223
Iff. 21 St., St. Louis.
TWO good men on the best book proposition
ever on the market: no house canvas; Inter-
views arranged In advance: commission and
expense?. IJox 1S47, Call office.
FIRST-CLAFS arents wanted; will make $25 I
to ?50 a day. Call at 212 Parrott building, j
ATTOBin-TrS-AT-IiAW.
" A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at S12 and
is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a »pecia!ty: quick; quiet; no money needed: i
r.o pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly '
rrl:a_lc; lowest fees; advice free; collections
rr.ade. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Attomey-at-law, Exam. Wdg-..
6th floor; entrance room Cll; established 26
years; ail courts, general court and office
practice; no ft-es in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA— Divcrce; certs $12; qUick.qulet;advlce free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; cpen evenings. 927 Market St., room 30L
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential:
business legally, promptly and energetically ¦
transacted. W. Matthews,C-12 aiarket,room 23.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
coets in advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
L. 6. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free: no fees in advance; open evening-.
! ATTTO— :OBrt.C3.
WANTED — Second-hand automobile la good
. running order. Box 4707. Call office.
OLDSMOBILE for sale with top: price 1500.
Bex 4fiO0. Call olflcc.
AS'i'H STA CURE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves icstanUy;
. 10c. 25c, 60c 1C02 Market, St.. Nicholas;
also Wtehart, 10th and Washington, Oakland.
BUSINESS CH AITC— S — Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy ?t.. cor. Market and Powell. \
Headquarters for all kinda of business chances.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar; located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine plate-glass windows;
etore fixtures; large stock: long lease: cheap
rent; doini; «ood business; clearing $150 to
$200 per month: trial given; established 17
years; one of beft propositions in city; sick-
ness; snap; price $3500.
FOR eale— Delicatessen and branch bakery;
flr-e corner, new building and fixtures; . rent
only $32 50; sales ?35 to $50 per day; long
lease; fine opportunity to get good business
for $1250.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay, Kraln, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses In S.
P.; cheap rent; horses and wagons, all equip-
ments; present owner has made a fortune
and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S0O per month; trial given If
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished: horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $160; 10- year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out: about 60 miles from S. F.: fine, grow-
ing town; nresent owner made ¦ fortune and
wanto to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good .business propositions
for investors, such as clsrar stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chndise, county hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and inspect
our list. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
017 Market st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phono Folsom 1S46.
$125— PARTNER for well-paying restaurant;
will clear you $75 mo. See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT on bu;=y street, near Market;
seats _0; nmall place doing big business; rent
$15: sacrifice for $150. S«?e BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who Is desirous cf associat-
ing with a reliable and industrious person
(lady or gentleman) who can invest $350 and
services, and to same will be offered an in-
terest in business clearing from $150 to $300
monthly; references exchanged. Particulars
with BROOKBANK.
LAUNDRY route; established 14 years; guar-
anteed to clear $100 and over monthly and
you can vtrify this by looking over the books
of one of the best laundries in city who does
his work; price $500; owner leaving city
causes this sacrifice; trial given. See
BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT— Al location; seats 54; new 6-
foot rani;e'; large kitchen; 2 living rooms
connected; rent $22 50; worth $500; price
$300/ See BP.OOKBAXK.
NORTON & CO.,
Leading business agents.
1104 Market ft., rhone Jessie 4171,
Offer the Following Bargains:
BARBER fhop, elegantly fitted up; fixtures
cost over $1000; six chairs; war Market;
owner going East; $700. NORTON & CO.
RETAIL candy and Icecream parlors; nicely
fitted up; lease; clears $150 monthly; If you
want a grood proposition see this quick.
NORTON & CO.
GROCERY & har. N. of Market; fine corner;
owner going East; want offer. Norton A Co.
GROCERY, df-licatcFsen, home bakery^ cigars,
tobacco; good location; on Sixth St.; good
trade; cheap rent; price $700. Norton & Co.
SALOONS frrm $.".00 up to $7000.
Groceries from ?."0O up to ?4C00.
Restaurant: fine location; $000.
Branch bakeries, coffpe-houses. city & coun-
try hotels, merchandise stores, roadhouses.
I^odging-housfs from 7 to 200 rooms.
For sale and exchange. 385 acres in Santa
Clara County for a saloon; Oakland houses,
for lodKing.houpes. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny st.; tel. Red C(itt2.
A MAN wants lady partner in rooming-house;
small capital. 610 Geary st. ' .
ROUTE 32. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply Ean Francisco Call office.
-OBOrXna-EOUSES FO_ SALE.
A CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy. St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
We have a 0-room flat, new modern build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 50
per' yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattresses
co^t $35 each; new 8 months; actual cost to
furnish, $5000; must go- East and v.'ill take
$"700; Vb cash, balance 6 per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right Into an ele-
gant home.
An up-to-date downtown ' house: rent only
$5 50 per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator; has 108 rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing
$350 to $450 per month: make offer; owner
must leave city; only with us.
16 rooms; rent $H5; good furniture and car-
pets: always full; must cell within next t^n
days; leaving city; make offer.
What do you think! 31-room apartment-
house; rent only $130; where you can clear
$95 t>er month; no work; this you can get
for $1100; wife at hospital.
Fine little house of 22 rooms; rent only $110:
well furnished; mostly all new ctrpets: gocU
location; always full; good buy; )il300.
Have new, modern S2-room house; rent $375;
electric lights; elevator; comer; everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jos«;
value $7000 to $10,000.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sellj price $100.
Model apartment house. 2 and 3 rooms each;
rent Is cheap; elegantly furnished; 5-year
lease: there are 1)0 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness.
7-room modern flat; close In; well furnished;
coet $GGO; a bargain if sold at once; $250.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house in
city, clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for
Oakland, Alamfda or Berkeley property or
ranch in California; must leave city.
45 rooms: rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order;
clearing now ever $200 per month; always
full; best buy in city; account of sick-
ness; price $4500.
Splendid 42-room apartment h/use on fine cor-
ner; rent only $3 75 per room; 5 years' lease;
clearing nice little income; will take 15 to 20
room house as part payment.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In fine
block on Post st. ; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout: brings -In
nice Income; furniture In oak, birdseye
maple; velvet and axminster carpets; cost
S1S0O to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain; $1200.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
180 rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease: paying $500 to $600
/per month: close In; full of nice people; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership. \ - ¦ \;' -"¦
Big bargain for some one; 6-room flat ele-
gantly furnished 6 moLths ago by Sloane at
coet of over $000; rent only $25 per month;
fine location; biggest snap on market; only
$400.
15 rooms: rent only $70; water free; all oak
furniture; -carpets new last June; clears $75
per month; first class and full of roomers;
$1100 "takes .it. : r'V:
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
. Have a little 24-room boarding-house on
¦¦ , Geary: nicely 'equipped throughout: all full
and clearing nice Income; price $2000.
CO rooms; new, modern building; elegantly-
furnished ;, close in; full of first-class people:
clearing a' handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
We have a number of special bargains In flats
of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
; had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold; either account of sickness or ; de-
parture. / .
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always • on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. . .
55-ROOM corner - house; rent $4.00 , per - room;
price $3800; must bo cold. Box ¦ 1852. Call
office. -¦ . ¦•- ¦ ' ' . " , - .- ¦¦.- .."-¦• ¦-.-,
24 -WELL furnished ' housekeeping rooms;? all
full; cheap rent; lease; Eddy «t.; must sell
at great . reduction. Box 1802/ Call office. • •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. NOVEMBER -^9, 1904.
13
ALA3LEDA ADYEBT^ITTS'
AT.A-nrrmA axULX^ESTATS.
BRAND new herusa. 7 fine rooms: modern; e?
to date; finished »a finest kind redwood: lo*
4Sxl2l>: this is a bargain o£ Ufetlxae: owner
compelled to sell: original cost $350O; ownar
scent $2lO more; can be bocsbt far $3250;
open for inspection all the tlma; coiae soon.
1234 Versailles *?*.. near EaclnaL
AI__MEPA yiiATS TO IjETT.
: TO let— *ll>: Aiameda: sunny, 5 rooms. 6«t&:
near Hij't st. station. :_;¦> Enctsai ava.
BERKELEY ADVEBTVSTS
BEKKEIEY K^*^ ESTATE.
—$350O—
A CHOICE horn* on D«lawar« rt.. Berfc-Viy; 9
rooms and bath; lot 40x133; new and modern:
sunny expesure; Cne view; tasj tanas of
payment if desired; no trcubis to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. ffcxx).
' _ ITS Broadway, corner Fourta«a£— sc.
Oakland.
_____ __
$1100— 5Cxl23 on University are.; sort- stda.
Bear Grant.
$3C-' — 10x133; Russell st.. cear Ktnr.
$3t» — 40x135; Oregon st.. near Calais.
$03i» — WxlOO; Virginia st. corner T -""'tn
$S30 — 4Oxia): East of College av*.
$3000 — $4m> cash, balance 8 per e«nt: new
A-room house; lot 40x115; 1 block cf cars; t
block of station.
MORAN A- SWAIN, opp>. Berkeley Station.
BEa^JKJ»E~ H0~3E3 TO
TO lease — An Ideal eoantry horns; nous* of 12
rooms; every convenience* near cars as4
university; best location; rarty-O» — inates
from San Prancisco; ownsr going FT* it Ad-
dress T. S. B., Berkeley P. O-. C_L
FEniTYALE APTERT-'STS
TB PITTA __ REAX. ESTATE.
$730 — CHOICE ccrner lot en Fraitval* ar». ;
50x123: splendidly located and a snaa.
$1000 — Another snaa; 124x174; nearly *%
acre tn fruit: H block from Fmitvaia a— ». ; "
nice home9 all around; worth $1SOO. B_L-
DEN. 1112 Broadway. Oakland. »
UAXLA^l) ADVERT'S'im
OFFICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OA____TD SJAL ESTATE.
A FEW OP THE OFFERINGS la CLEAR-
ANCE SALE OF THE SAN FRANCT3CO
SAVINGS UNION PROPERTIES.
$2T-> — 30x153 on 23d av*.; doubl* froatag».
f:so— C3xi:0 00 E. 25_t st.: all sueet work
doc*.
S3S0— 30x100 on 18-t «— a>: all street work
don«.
$410—25x130 oa E. 28ta st.; an »t—«t work
done.
$>XiO— 1iHx1C2 ca Cyp~ess st: ecrasr lot.
$1000—73x125 on Webster St., Ala__!_
$a0O— 28x130 on 17th are.
And lots of other good bays at $a per foot
and ap.
THEY ARE GOING FAST. SO IT TOC 'WANT
A SNAPVCOME AND SEE US QUICXLT.
J. H. MACDONALD St CO..
Exclusive Agsnts,
KC3 Broadway. Oakland.
DR. MERRITT ESTATE FROPERTT FOR
SALE.
We have been appointed erclnsfv* agents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merrttt Hospttai
for th* sale of all the property belonging to the
said hospital and fronting en Jackjcn. Madi-
son, Oak, Twelfth and Thirteenth sta.. Includ-
ing "The Willows," on Oak St.. extending back
to Lake Merrttt. recently under option to th*
city of Oakland fcr park purposes; also tha
Merrttt homestead.
We tav» both improved and nafcapTOTnsd
properties to offer; mest desiraola residence
properties la Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE U&
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1C52 Broadway.
SEE MT FLORENCE JONES TRACT.
73 Lot» Sold in Two Weefcs.
Lots $73 each up: $3 ca»h. $2 3O monthly; st*»
2SxHX>: in superb section, adjoining East
'Oakland: ynu rray never find such property
again for th* money; 5 minutes' walk to 2
\ electric car lines: war 2 large schools : eaaryr
walk to steam local train: city water: streets
all graded and blocks fenced; very large
trees; f rents on the main road of the tract:
you can have level, medium or high land as
you wish. Call or send for circular. 435
Seventh St.. Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
HERE 13 MT CHANC3.
That's What You'll Say When You 8>« It.
OWNER TO LEAVE CITT.
Must sell hi» inccme property, consisting of
two Improvements, tn very gr>ed order; larg*
lot. near Key Rout». clc*e ta Telegraph *ve.
ONLY $2750.
HARRY L. HOLCOM3.
314 San Pablo ave..
Real Estate.
Insurance.
Loans,
Rest tag.
Exclusive Asents.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$315O— Reduced from $0730. as owner most
sell at once; new 7-room. 2-Jtory hous«; ter-
raced: 1« 50x1*0; tn pretty block, near Key
route station; easy terms.
$3100 — PTetty 6- room cottage and lot 40xI0>>
on Adeline at.: few minutes from, station.,
$325O — Good 6-rooin cottaga and lot 45x100;
very central.
KXSA — Pretty modern shing'.e 3- roora bunga-
low-^and lot 3Cxl2O. near Key rcate station:
easy terms.
$2^C4>— Nice 6- rocm cottage and lot 25xl2T H
near Oak st. station.
BELDEN REAL ESTATE. 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. *s -:,
-HERE 13 A BARGAIN: —
$1SOO only for a <5-m<?ra house, with small
stare; good Iceattce. S*e P. C. LA33EX *
CO.. 4S«$ Tenth St., Oakland.
$100 CASH and easy Installments for ehotoa
building lots: "nly a shtrt walk to Key ro«t*
station. RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY. Key
rout* station. Fortieth st. aad Telegraph
ave.. Centra: Oakland.
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home ta Piedmca?:
fine neighborhood: gor>d location: near car
line: will sell cheap: must be seen t:> ?>• ap-
pr;ciated. Apply to E. MORRI3. *r75 3Hta rt.
OAXIiAVD 7TX— JITT7SE ?O3 3-ii.E.
TO^MORROW^the day for bargains _T"rara£
tore. IL Schelhaas. 11th st..cor.st=re. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
BOOMS % FOB HOtrsggxyxgfJ.
BRYANT. 421 — 2 sunny rooms, nicely faraislM I
for housekeeping; gas.
BUSH. S53 — X— rga h— t_ Iscm* parlors. kitc_*a
tar. ccmplete: rant low; nr. business ««_£««.
' DEVI3ADEP-O. 1619 — 2 iarga rooms and bath;
large .yard: dressmaking trade established:
cheap \rent; apply after Sunday.
1 EDDY and Polk sts.. Gladstone— Sunny
ncixs»keettns apartments: 1. 2 cr 3 rooms;
; electric lights; hot wafer: central.
i EDDY. 702^ — Two sunny housekeeping rooms.
ELLI3 603 — 2 large parlors fcr houaekeeptng:
gas range; rennlne water: also oth*r rooms.
FIFTH. 353 — 3 housekeeping rooms ; also 2;
one single rcom-
FOURTEENTH. 72S — Front parJcr and kitchen;
nicely fumisned; ba tb and gas: handy to cars.
GEARY. 1223 — Fine front, sunny, bay-window
suite: all conveniences : location of ta« best:
marine new: ttrmi reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 357— Newly furnished eooos;
hot and ccld water: gaa range: bata.
GOLDEN GATE are.. «31 — Nicely rarnlshed
ho— sekeerlng room?: pgaaogaMe. - __
I GROVE.' 22 —Unfurnished rooms for aousekeep-
tag. ¦
HOWARD. 7U)'-j — Sunny hotxsekeeptlair rooms,
and others: reacectable: no tranaUnt.
For Additional Classified Adrert—te-
; ment9 See Pa je Fourteen.
BEAT. ESTATE— CTTT—rOB SAXJ3.
BALDWTN & HOWELI*
25 Post st_.
Real Estate Agents.
Rents CcIIected. Taxes Paid.
Send us your name and we will forward you
a booklet called "Buyer and Seller." giving
a full list of choice real estate holdings cf-
j fered for sale.
I $lt>.000 — Mi4s:on st.. near 24th; splendid busi-
ness location; 2 store* and 2 fiats, rent-
ing for $SO per month; fine lot, 27:6x135.
$3,250 upward — ii^autirui .. >» us v .>:•>. *...*>-
ton. Fell, Oak and other streets In the
vicinity of the Panhandle; most desir-
able location In the Western Addition.
$2,650— New cotage of 6 rooms and bath; on
Arkansas stu. near 13th; this comfort-
able little home may b« bought on very
easy terms.
$5,000^ — If you want an unsurpassed marine
view, buy this lot on Lombard St.. near
Leaven worth; 32x137:8.
$10.500— Vicinity of 6th and Howard; » Cats of
4. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; renting for
$100 per month; lot 43xSO; this is a
snap.
$3,000— Just listed: flne residence cf S rooms,
bath, furnace, hardwood floors, beam
ceilings; lot has 124 feet frontage; high,
sightly elevation; splendid view; Stan-
y an «t.
$31.000 — Turk St.. northwest corner, well In:
containing old Improvements; splendid
location tor a new building; suitable for
flats, stores cr apartment-house.
$6,750^ — Clay at., sunny ilde, near Stelner st.
and Alta plaza: 2-story house. 7 rooms,
bath, laundry; garden front and rear;
sunny; lot 25x102:8*4-
\ J15.000 — Gough st.; 77:6 feet frontaget 8-story
frame building containing 4 stores and 2
flats; rents $125 pe/ month.
$17.000— Fillmore st_; lot 25x100; new building
containing store and 2 flats above: rents
$123. -.
$24,CCO— Sansome-st. corner, right ln^ the heart
of the business center; 5 stores and
roczns above, renting for $202 per month;
Cne lot. 33:10x87:3; this speaks for
ltselft— *.
$5.730 — What's this? Two fine flats en Bush
st. of 5 rooms and bath each, renting
for v $30 per month; this Is one of the
few bargains In the Western Addition.
$14.000^ — Steinerrst. corner: flne business proper-
ty, consisting cf 2 stores. 2 Cats and
stable; rents for $110 per month; lot
45x81:3.
$11,000 — Fremont st. : right ra the business cen-
ter: lot 50:6x92:6; frame Improvements;
Just the place for factory, etc.
$8,900^ — Sacramento st.. near Cherry; 2 new
Cats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rent for
$65 per month: lot 25x127 :S 1 -«. .
$S.30O— In the best part or the Mission dis-
trict; 4 brand new flats, containing 1 4
rooms and bath each; .thoroughly mod-
ern: rent fcr $364 per year and all
rented. Call at once.
$4.500— Guerrero St.. near 20th: nice cottag-
of 5 rooms aad bath; lot 2$x92:«: In good
condition; comfortable little home.
$3.500— Here's a flne little investment In th«
vicinllty of Clay and Powell sta.; frame
Improvements, renting for $40 per month;
don't fail to Investigate this.
SPECK & CO.,
209 Montgomery st.
Selling. Rents Oollected.
Leasing Insurance.
$175.000 — Market and Turk sts.; fine 6-atory
brick building: secured lease $10,500
year; make offer.
$100,000 — Choice business property on Ellis St..
not far from Mason St.; good improve-
ments; Iot^7xl37:6; stores and lodg-
ings.
y^OCO — Montgomery «t. corner, clcse to Clay
st. ; 6 per cent.
$79,000 — Grant ave. corner, close to Sutter st.;
splendid brick building.
$30. COO— Close to Powell and OTarr-U sts.
and St- Francis Hotel; good improve-
ments; cheap.
$20,5C0 — Polk St.; 2 stores, lodgings above;
$112 50 month: mortgaged for $10,000.
which can remain; snap.
$23,500 — Swetiest W. A. corner: rented low at
$170 month.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$23,500 — Fifty feet on Post st_, close In; $15.-
CCO mortgage can remain; pays 7 per
cent net.
$13,250— New flats, close to Golden Gate Park;
rents $137 50 month.
$12.CC0 — Fine buildings; lot 41x137:8; Ptae *t.;
splendid location.
$11 50C — Three fine flats on Devisadero; rests
$ICO p»r month. y^
RESIDENCES. '
$15. CCO — Ptne St.; lot feS:9xl37:6; magnificent
residence. 11 rooms and bath.
$10.000 — Close to Golden Gate Park; fourteen
rooms and baths; north side en Page st_
$11.00«} — Eleven rocms and bath, on Scott st_,
close to Halght.
We have a Urge list of flae residences.
LOTS.
$35.0C0 — 137:6 feet square: unsurpassed mar-
ine Vi€W.
$2O.0CC — Splendid 30-ft. corner in the whole-
sa!» section; can make secured l-»asi
with new building for $250 month.
$« 730— 50xi:>7:t» feet; Pacific Heights.
j4 500 Fifty feet on First av*. boulevard;
• ' clcse to Lake st.
$1 500 — Sixth ave.. clcse to park; thirty mia-
utes from Mark-it and Kearny sts.
SPECK -fc CO..
2C9 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL BARGATX.
ONLY $16,000.
Fine business cor., centrally located: store,
basement and flats: well rented; tn fine busi-
ness location; lot 27x!«3-
THORNE A KILPATRICK. 312 Buah st.
$3500 AND UPWARD.
Size. 27:6xl"7:6; Van .Ness ave.. Green and
Union sts. ; surrounded by elegant new im-
provements; streets ai! accepted: tots level and
on grade: cheapest building Iota in the ctty.
THOR.VE A KILPATRICK. 312 Busft St.
, — —
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 23 PER WEZK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Exeeisior Hammtead Tract;
l«vel as a billiard table; an grade: cioa* to
fine school and Mission street electric cars;
bcurd to double m value.
$10 per msnth. no taxes, fine Iota, near
Ocean best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
cue Tor Christinas.
W. J. WHITE.
2fi Montgomery st_. r. «. Phone Main 370J>
$2f<K> — CORNER lot. 100x113; Seward and
Pcuglass s:». *17.'O— Ccrner lot. 31:0x110;
Hill and Noe sts. $1CCO — Corner. 2 lots. 3a n-
chex and Palmer «.«. Send for our monthly
circular. D. COFFIN. 232S Mission st_.
rear Twenty-first.
NEW. sunny flats. $7C00; half cash: Golden ;
Gate ave.. near Central ave.: 5 and « rooms. ;
bath: attics: 2 basements: rooms tinted and
frescoed: open dally: street w^rk comp!»te.
LOT for salt — Splendid chance; «n Ocean.
B«ach; lot 12 on 46t* ave.; owners leaving
city. Apply 2S Laskie st., off Mission, near
Ninth.
$1400— TERMS If desired; 3«-ft- front: block
of 19th and Valencia; street work complete.
The Dolar. Co.. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
MODERN cctt3ges on terms: same as rent.
Apply owner, lumber yard, corner Army
JT..1 Condon sts.
$9oC0— OTCOME $1C2O; tax paid: 4 Cats, 3
blocks from Market st. 1317 Market st.
HOUSES built cheap: dans free; easy pay.
ments. Rocm 4-16. Parrott bid*. •
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahtbach A Mayer, plumbers, 836 Howard st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Tb* Weekly CaU.
18 cages, ta wrapper, for -mailing. $1 p«r year.
SAg KATEO BEAT. E3TAT-.
SAX MATEO^ SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties/ vilia sites and acreage. Don't fail
to see us befcre buying. Investigate Sa& Mateo
Park, the Ideal property of them all. Lots of
abcut une acre each. Bound to be most valu-
able; $300 up.
. HAYWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. B_ Aess and residence
lots. Street work complete. Cbvered with ma-
jestic oaks. Easy terra* See our local agent.
Frank S. Grurr.ir.cn. San . Mateo office opes
Sunday.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 23 Post st.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo etenrie
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth ana Market sts. ;
ou tilde the fcg belt and Just beyond where
the S. P.. Ox's bay shore "rat-ofT' wOl join
the main line; SO-frct lets from $400 up.
terms from $10 to $50 down and balance at
rate of $10 a monrJi: sewer and water pipes
In front of every lot; .pure artestan well
water; over one-half tots sold since August
1: an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
tn this desirable »ectkm; take the electric
cars and get off at "LOMITA PARK" ana
investigate: maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
11* Camera's St.: TeL Main «73.
i ' =?
goiarr uicttkoitd re at. estate.
ELEGANT corner lot. 53x110. for sala. S««
owner. 9 17 A Dolores at.
MET>I0AJr— Co-ttnn«<L j
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re- ¦
lief guaranteed. lOuSH Market at., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities: instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 844 Poet st.
VALPEAU'S remale pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $3. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. I
LADIES Fufferlng from irregularities, eick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drags, co operation*
MRP. DR. GWYER, r,nA v "L«av»nworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'FarreU. TeU East 697.
DR. and MRS. DAVZES and HINDOO HERBS~ I
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kararound:' safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folscm St., corner
gfth: tedi?s. reU?f cr coffee; $10. !
EgrrTEs and KiarrgQ.
EXPERIENCED metallurgical chemist can
; treat mest refractory ores by Improved cyan-
ide process and extract geld from any pul-
verized material; ordinary costs; world- wide
experience; open for engagement. Box 277.
Call office. '
__jgTSCEXaAgEOUS— POB 8A-B.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a 1-aky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for oid and cew roofs, and for valleys, gutters.
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cec-.er.t will step small leaks. Write
us abcut It: Eiaterits Roofing Co., 713 Market.
I 2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pump*,
pu'.leys. shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 6. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH * WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stocktcn st.
A — BUYS, fells or rents gear tmachlnery. en-
gines, tellers water pipe shafting. pulVys,
etc. WHITTLAW. 253-253 Spear s t t.
A— THE (P. J. Co) California virgin gold"
weddlcg rings for eale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' fujl dress.
Tux»do or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 10 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 1-. upstairs.
512 — HIGH arm, drophead sewing machine;
almrst new. 1915 Mission st., near Fif-
teenth.
FOR s?Je, cheat) — Family silver and plated
ware and fine books. 1436 Ellis st.
FINE Victoria; also carriage and doubls ¦har*
ness. 1011 Sutter st.
A VERY fine diamond sunburst broach; a
bargain; $223. 10 Sixth st.
NICKEL-IN-SLOT upright Reglna; 12 tunes;
new: cheap. 617 Commercial st.
HIGHEST cas.*-. price raid for diamonds at
PALL V GAJtlX'S. 114 Sutter. at.
STOVES disconnected and connected; S2 50;
plumbtrg.gasfltng.409 McAllister ;tel. Mint 3C««
TO WETS furniture polish removes spots and
etains; free delivery. 370 Fell at.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps: highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 523 Market stl
_£AFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1:525 Market st_
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1807 Market
FULL line of drummers" samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin fcr sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN A TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ROO5T3 papered. $4 up: tinting. paintlnir.
Hartmar.n Paint Co., 319 Third: tel M* n 413.
DESKS bourtt sold and exchang-d. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st.: tel. South 811.
MOVTNG pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sires. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
v MiaCEI.-AirEOTT3 WA1TT3.
AAAAAA — Buys an- amount good second-hand
clothing: special price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis S25. 650 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bouzht for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. room 405, Ad-
ams bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 3038.
Levy & Redler, highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, sho*s; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
TTLTON wants good second. hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jes3l« 391H.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc )—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN:
INTEREST 6H AND « PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests In prop.
erty. probate realty Iftans. stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
? MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 1O7-1C8 Crocker bldg. : phone Main 5024.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
€01-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
s of property.
Location, etc.
¦ Box 22?, Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., a.t
'i per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; dapos'.t vault on premises for free nae
cf customers.
SALARY LOANS— — — — -
Money loaned salaried peopl« without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 433 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at 'lowest rates; no
removal; no pablicity; also on raal estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or en any secirity; any
amount. O. W.- BECKER. 36 Geary, room 38.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2 >
per cent Interest. Baldwin J*welry Store,
90« Market; tel. Main 1«44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business in 43
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrctt bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN" AND TRU.ST CO.. -21 Stockton st..
near Market.
•TO salaried peopl* without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes aad other security. 3.
V. litecount Agency. 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without'
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. ; cut rats. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
X PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential 28 Montgomery, rm. % 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, - sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stanes bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable inwrest. A. O. Col tan. 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry-
cenfd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkf_
TO salaried p«jple without ¦ecurlty. Ths White
CO.. 420 California st., rooms 14 and 15. -
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se«
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jawelry at 2 per cent
¦rr.o. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. C3S Kearny.
3% OX furniture A pianos; $13 up: no removal;
no com. -V. TREMAIN, room 81,' 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
lndcrser. MORIiELL, €09 Examiner building.
_'^ PEaSOyAIiS--Cont-itLad. f
A WORD TO THE LADIES
Call . and investiffate MME. GILLTNG-
HAM'S wonderful work of art; two ladlea
can be seen (one aged 72 years) at her office
daily. Why so through li^e with a wrinkled,
sallow, sunken and flabby face when a sci-
entific treatment can change you to youth
and beauty? Mme. Gtllingham stands at the
head of her profession; she has no equal.
; Call and be convinced.
Office. 143 Stockton St., corner Geary.
A — A GREAT reductiqn for this month only:
it Is between seasons; a special reduced rate
on prices made from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1 for
wrinkles, bagginesa. pittings and freckles;
from this date I will be in my office from
10 to 5 daily; will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS. Beautyder-
mlit. 12S Geary st. s
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nerrwis
troubles. Office, 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Esryptian Henr.a restores gray
hair to Its nautral color.$l at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market St.. opposlts
Fifth. Oren until 11 p. m.
PABT2TEKS WASTES.
STEADY man wanted a^partner In cash busi-
ness to do rlaln Hpht work; sure profit of
$75 to- each per menth; capital required. $173.
632 Market st.. room 6.
PSTSZCXAKS AITD ETJ3GEOWS.
Dr7~C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073'4 Market fit.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor. ]
treats all diseases of the human body; for i
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo- j
cated at 6«7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth. j
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dls- I
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746- S Clay_s_ i
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
PAPEsaAWGnrg. paisttutq. etc.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE, 10C7 McAllister St.; teL Fell 240&
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. « Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
FgSCHASIHO .caEIirCXES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin St., room 4a; tel. South 310.
, PBOPO3AI.3.
PROPOSALS^ — Bids wanted — Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Board of Directors of tha
Veterans' Home of California, at its office.
Room 13, 3-0 Sansome St.. San Francisco,
California, up to 11 o'clock a. m., Satur-
day, December 3. 1804, and opened immedi-
ately thereafter In the presence o: bidders,
for furnishing and deliveries quartermaster
and commissary supplies, etc., for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. California i
(rail-aid station, Yountville, f. o. b.), for '
six months, commencing January 1, V.ff>,
and ending Jun« 30, 1'jOS. Schedules with
information and instructions for submitting
bids will be furnished upon application by
the undersigned. Bidders will carefuily fol-
law the conditions of the schedules, and no>
bid will be considered unless It is in ac-
¦ cordance with such schedules. Bids must
. be made on samples submitted whenever
called for In the schedule. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 cer cent, of
the amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. Treasurer, conditioned that th» bld-
Qt- will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance, as required
by law. The Board reserves tho right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over or under tha amounp specified.
Preference will be given to goods manufac-
tured or produced in this State, price, fit- '
ness and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions of Section 3247 of the Political Cede.
Addrtss John F. Sneehan, Secretary of the
Board of Directors apf the Veterans' Home
of California. Room T.3. 320 Sansome St.. San
Francisco. California. By order at the Board
of Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secre-
tary. .
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, Unftea
States Geological Survey, Reclamation Ser-
vice, Washington, D. C. November 22. 1904 —
Sealed propojaU will be received at the of-
fice of the United States Reclamation Ser-
vice, Phoenix, Arizona, until 9 o'clock a.
m.. January 5. 1905. for the delivery of 50.000
barrels, more or te«s, of fuel oil at M-«a or
Roosevelt. Arizona, and for the hauling of
miscellaneous freight. Specifications and
forms of proposal may be obtained from
Louis C. Hill. Engineer, United States Geo-
logical Survey, Phoenix. Arixona, or from
the Chief Engineer. United* States Geological
Survey. Washington, D. C. Each bid must
be accompanied by a certified check for $lC0O
payable to the order of the Secretary of the
Interior, as a guaranty that the bidder will
if successful, promptly execute a satisfactory
contract and furnish bond tn the sum of
$20,0(10 for the delivery of the oil and the
hauling. Th* right Is reserved to reject any
and all bldi. to accept on« part and reject
the other, and to waive technical defects,
as the Interests of the service may require.
Bidders are invite to be present. Proposals
must be marked. "Proposals for the Delivery
of Oil for the Salt River Project, Arizona."
THOS. RYAN. Acting Secretary.
$20.C0O MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wheatland. for sale, untaxabte. bearing 5
per cent Interest; serial 40 years; bids w;il
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5, 1904. ce r .
tlfled check of 10 per cent to accompany bid
Fcr Information address R. N. MURPHY
Town Clerk. WheaOand. Cal.
LEQAL ITOTICES.^
ALL outstanding bills against P. F. Gleason.
owner of salocn at 1912 Market St., must be
presented befcre Nov. 30, as he will sell out
on abova date.
ALL d«»bts against A. GAZE of 225 Thtnl st"
(clsrar stand) must b« presented by Dec 1.
19OJ. as I am selling out. A. GAZE.
STOEAOE AND^WABEHOTJSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725^
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Orant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.-
phone Mtnt2Ml; JOHN F. COOPER. pre«.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Poet and Prwell sts.: teL Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pan>. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cat rates.
BEAS ESTATE— COTTSTTBT— Tor Sals.
FOR SALE— FAN MATEO COUNTY— SAN
PEDRO RANCHO.
31C ACRE;;. <*OMPRISING THE "OLD
ADOBE" TRACT OF 250 ACRES. GOOD IN-
COME PAYING^ AND THE POINT SAN" PE-
DRO TRACT GF 250 ACRES. AN EXCEP-
TIONALLY GOOD SPECULATION- PRICE
$32,000; TO BE SOLD ALL TOGETHER- 13
MILES FROM NEW CITY HALL. SAN FRAN-
CISCO. AND IN SIGHT OF CLIFF HOUSS
ADDRESS A. B. PATRICK & CO.. 413 FP.ONT
ST.. SAM FRANCISCO.
$5000 — 80 ACRES of land, all under cultl-ra-
tion. with improvements, tn orchard section
of Sutter County; only three* miles Irom
county seat and on lir.e of new Irrigation I
ditch. . I
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep. I
. M. J. NEWKOM, ]
\ . 406 Second St., Maryaville. Cal. '
$27,000—210 ACRES. 2 MILES FROM ST.
Helena: most highly Improved land; *4 acres,
resistant, fall bearing vineyard; homes fine
modern buildings (complete like city homes), '¦
with gas plant, hot and cold running water;
telephone; splendid under ground sewer sys-
tem; latest patent plumbing, ef.?., with fine
redwood park and valuable .water rights.
This Is one of the moat complete country
hemes tn California. For particulars call at i
1115 Broadway. Oakland, roonv lfL to owner. 1
DR. R. E. BAUSKE.- ,
EALE cr exchange for City property; sacrt&cs:
153 acres. Napa Co.: 60 acres in cultivation;
! fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's bora*.
SHADBURNE. 406 Montgomery at.
. i< ATTENTION. HOME3EEKERS! . : -
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bsrealns In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. ,
043 Market st. - ¦ .
CONTRA Costa County real estate for saie.
Send for list. D. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal.
A WEEK' S news for 8 nnu — Tl»* W«kly C*Il.
-¦ 10 pacer in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MO HEY W AUTED.
LOAN wanted; $630 for sixty days; bonus of
$15O paid: cood Cripple Creek mining stocks
as security. Box 19S3. Call office.
MTUgCAJf/lJIS^ttUJiaiiaTg.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A «maTl Upright, good order $55
One a little better, a snap $35
• £to«— rt. mahogany case, flne condition.. $135
Grovesteen A Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $ieo
Bechstein, a high-grade German lnstru-
. . ment $170
Also a Chlckering. Vose. Steinway, Weber.
Mason & Hamlin. Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. IS
O'Farrell st
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, i $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st.
HALLET A DAVIS piano for sale cheap: also
large French plate mirror. 332 Third ave.,
Richmond district: Sutter or Geary cars.
SQUAP.E grand piano, flne tone, $50. 122S
Filbert st.
FOR honest and fair dealing. Hornung Piano
House. 218 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprlghts.new A 2d-hand.$45 to $500.
Pieree's Piano Factory. Market A 14th its.
SOHMER. Byron Mauxy pianos, Ceoellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway np; Chlckering baby grand;
Sl^oninger. little used. KeeCe's, 2S5 O'FarrelL
OFTXCES AND STORES TO LET.
MARKET. 719 — Front suite of rooms for of-
nces; central location.
SMALL office. 8 Sixth rt. ¦'
PEBSOKAI,a. ¦
"S . e". x rTa^ dTTo /s T" j b "."cTl! !_". eTtjln/'
L.A.S.T W.E.E.K.'S "S.A.M.P.L.E.S." !
"REXRADIO'S" humaniled Radium (NON-
MEDICAL) healing. Benefits usually quick,
often INSTANT. Consultation free. 2 to 7
p. m. Free "public" healing -TO-DAY, 2
and s p m. 1 Fourth at., corner Market.
CIRCULAR.
"SHE DANCES"— Crippled by paralysis for
years feeling gone, dragged foot, couldn't
raise it or put it forward, couldn't "creep"
along slowly without support; after -Rex-
radio's ONE treatment all these troubles
ceased; "feeling" returned, foot didn't drag,
put it forward fully, walked naturally with
"Iocg" gteps and NO SUPPORT, raised foot
IS Inches. "On reaching home 1 actually
was able to DANCE a thing I had never
expected to do the balance of my long life."
(NAME riven.)
"THEY CLOSE"— "My long (unclosin*)
ANCHYLOSED fingers were (last week) ln-
. ctantly loosened and closed on my palm
after Rexradio's ONE treatment. Four
years doctors and medicines had utterly
failed to help. I came from Sacramento for
treatment and am abundantly satisfied."
(NAMK at offices.)
"FACIAL PARALYSIS" — "Cheek and lip par-
alyzed and without feeling; ONE treatment
by Rexradio and feeling returned ar.d I could
naturally control the parts." (NAME given.)
"NEURALGIA was chronic and severe; ban-
ished promptly last week." (NAME given.)
"LAMEN"245 from chronic SCIATICA, prompt-
ly cured last week. I ran and JUMPED."
(NAME siven.)
"THREE SECONDS* treatment by RexAdlo
made many years" 'DEAF* ear hear clearly
at 30 feet." (Hundreds more.)
"CONSUMPTION"— "Rexradio's treatment
(last week) astonishingly helped me" (Name
riven.)
••DROPSY" — "My bloat was very large; last
week Rexradio quickly reduced it.'.'
"POWERLESS HAND" — "Couldn't grasp or
. hold things In my PARALYZED hand; Rex-
radto's (one) treatment enabled me to da
b#rh naturally last week." (NAME given.)
"BALMY SLEEP"— "Rexradio's SINGLE
treatment wonderfully relieved my afflictions
and my INSOMNIA departed. Same night I
had the soundest, sweetest sleep I ever had
in all my life. I am greatly satisfied with
these unexpected, wonderful results of Rex-
radio' ft,JFIRST . ,Ueatment." (Name given.)
"QUICK AS A FLASH"r-"Rexrad!o expelled
my terrible LUMBAGO and I 'bent.' touch-
. ing floor with hands, RAN and LEAPED;
all before impossible." (Name given.)
"RHEUMATISM" — "Could not raise feet oft
floor, least movement agonizing. Rexradio's
(first) treatment killed all pain, removed
muscle 'contractions.' and instantly I threw
my foot (painlessly) over the top of a high
chair back." (Name given). /^—
"DEAF MUTES"— Several recently have (by
3 seconds' treatment) been enabled to- HEAR
and SPEAK what they heard. CROWD of
'¦ witnesses. DOUBT rt? Well, bring some
and watch results!
"ANCHYLOSED JOINTS" have bean quickly
freed, so they moved naturally, and all
LAMENESS ceased. DENY It who may,
Rexradio CAN and often DOES accomplish,
these wonders.
"OSSIFIED LADY" — Mrs. Knowles, 379 Bart-
lett. Joints of arms, limbs, etc.. Immovably
"soiid" for years — same as bricks Joined by
cement — yet ONE treatment by Rexradio
made all the Joints move naturally. No
man on esrth but Rexradio could get sttch
results. (SEE her and BE CONVINCED.)
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA" — Many persons
CRIPPLED by It, others literally HELP-
LESS, powerless, have been quickly and
marvelousty helped by Rexradio.
"$1000 FORFEIT" If above cases are not
GfclNUINF. FACTS; absolute PROOFS at
offices. This work Is STRAIGHT, however
CROOKED persons may "deny" It.
"IaARGE CIRCULAR" now ready, CROWDED
with MULTITUDE of wonderful cases.
CALL for It. NEW circular published
WEEKLY.
"DISTANT TREATMENTS"— Many invalids
in "remote" places have been marvelous! j
helped.
"BEDRIDDEN" sufferers have been quickly
(some INSTANTLY) helped and enabled to
RISE from their beds right away.
"FREE PUBLIC HEALING" la view of au-
dience TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. Daily office
hours 2 to 7. RADIUM HALL. 1 Fourth St..
corner Market. CUT THIS OUT AND MAIL
TO SICK FRIKNDS. See ads in this
column DAILY.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores graiy hair. Im-
proves Its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching -scalp; no. stain or stickiness;
cleanses *calp;at druggists', hairdressers' : ac-
cept no gnbstltute. jtar Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatlisni.paralys'.s. neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold oy all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL - BROWN, 40 Turk St., 3. F.
ALL Mils contracted before the 1st of Dec. at
the Elysiam Restaurant 070 Geary st. city,
must be collected by that date, as we will
not be responsible for any bills after the
above date.
C. D. AXTUXICICH A. CO i
YOUNG lawyer, flne family, good business
man, college bred, residing Southern "city,
desires cr.rre«pon<ierce very wealthy Western
girl; object matrimony.. H. P. FRY, Chat-
tanooga. Tenn. ¦ ¦^
FANCY and sir* dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
¦1690. 2122 FHlmore St.: phone Geary 2C&3.
AT less than cost; uncalled for 'suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
. Tailor. 721 M Arket. st. - .-.
TOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down snd 11 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. ,340 Post St.. near Powett.
DETECTIVE— Private detective: all clsxses !e/
gltlmate work promptly attended to. HARRY.
ROGERS. SIC O'Farrell. Phone Sutler 263 ti
C. - E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; country
orders. 303 Larkln. r. 49. tel. South 319.
A PARCHED, mouth Is a na;»ty thing to have.
A CHICLET will relieve It.
H. AN'DERSOK. 2« O'Farrell st.— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costinter. j
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NETTHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market __
EASY installments for M«n and Youths. Suits
£0 order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS~"ll27
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in flne clothln?.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC light baths; hot . and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st. ._
WANTED — Worklngmen to get their winter
¦; underwear at P. FELIg'S. 352 Third st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 7S. Fred Wagner. 830 Market.
Superfluous hair remoTed:'electr!e needle Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sntfr. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: ' dress : pants 52 50
1 ' Misfit ' Clothing Parlor.cor.Buah and Dupont.
HZ— F WAS re_X>—^»irag*T,— — {?>— itirmefl. ;
r; VE sa_>s__ies. ¦ experienced, permanent po-
*.y.>ns. uiSerent.. department*, good «_»tt:
:¦*-<> _ue»Iad;es. experienced hosiery aad
y*W five girts and women, general house-
v -*jrk. $25; good —err. an cook, family seven,
rav _>cih; fr>cr Earstvirii, cics piacea, $15-
?20 tr.0Eth; t_ree wcsien. ex?*?{raced necktie
rr__ers/ top irages; tare* women, gtwd at
** :nj. ea*y wcrk. be*t pay. Room 612
:Jra=t building. South. 104.
g— X— » ffAJTg) — YAT.B.
AAA— PERRY'S JIERCANT1LE BURE.VU. |
i-ri Market St., roora 325, fifth floor.
Office bours, 9 a. m. •. i > r.
Bookkeeper's a*sl«ta=t $15 to \j week
tt«-nc-£Taj>her r-£ we*_
-— « t department store J25 w«ek
BUI «Lnd entry clerk *15 week
Drug clerk ?12 w-ek |
Cbecker _ ?15 -weelc :
Timekecs*r *15 week'
Acc-uutant $15 o »*5 week i
•-'oilector ?!"• week ;
riocr rEiinager *m week •
Two fiJiipping clerk* * 15 week!
General ¦__¦ work fl"» week ;
Clerk, city or country • $^ 3 week j
Young rian learn dentistry $10 week
SCkJ Market St.. rocm 335. ftfth floor.
AT KORD fc SMITH'S.
Contractors' Arer.-s t»S Third st.
Cook, srr-all fcctel $11 week, rood and board.
south.
Teamstera, bay shcre. $2.
Scraper loader, $2 23, bar *zor: :
House carKnter, city. $1 50.
Tfea=£ters. Acnior CamXT. *-¦ [
L_bcrer?. Butte CimnlJ. t'--
— j£2 FARS — FKEE FARE.
Teamsteris, *2-
PfTipw icaaers. $- S3.
card wr.ter Bad mtaOam trimmer. $10u a tno.
<^e-k and driver, grocrry store. $3 start.
V BBS "•« for cfCoe. $20 «_rt.
.! Sm— M. beer wagTa. good ray.
il*r— t*r cepartnject store. $1^5 a mocta .
1 boys •>-.tricsl work, etarf $20.
I'rar.tr-d'. cleric *-i5 and found.
.'•; advertising men of expertencs, good pay.
Other bctiv.cz--*. Call or write offlce.
Boocns »-10, 51 Th.rd *t-
AT C R- HANSEN _ CO.S 428 Bush at.
Seci-r.d and third co k. Cret-class country
restsurant. r.crth. farty here, best of wages.
C. R. HANBESf & OO 4J3 Busa sl-
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
<7!er:cal. tecinicai and salesmen, paying
rrcrr. (1900 to $3<tfio year; corctnuiiicatioa
rtr-.rtly coe&fcS tial: offices in St. Louis and
t c-J-.er cities. Call or write Pacific Cwmmer-
c:a: Bureau (Inc.>. fr>« Mutual Eank bldg.
¦F.ii: RCMATN-SKIRK REGISTER. RENT-
_CO AND ADV. CO.. 612-C13 GRANT
BLZXS^ 6OUTH 104. — Three A No. 1 watch-
rr.aicrs and Jewelers, appearances count, $1S-
•J5 wk. ; «iu« eaie5man; gxxi man; neat ap-
;-s.rance; references.
FF-HNCH botrt cw.k. uAuitli. $P.*. tad f-icsil:
porter, country, $20 and found; waiter. $3 .
• r% -.-. srather »r.d wafr»r <:>«» ar.»l fcjrsa:
ar.d ctaera. J. F. CROSfTTT A- CO.. G3 i
¦~i rsr.tr.;o M.
aT-GEORCE DAVIS & CO.. ~~
Err^icyment Agency, IZ0 fansome, room ».
Champ ag-ie salesman. $25 week.
Pr:.-.t.r.s sa!es:nar.. f!5 •sreek.
Win" fcalesiran. $23 week.
A SECOND butler, with reference*; good
wag-rs. 5IES. LAMBERT. 41s Powell st.
WANTED— Cr.t cr two em ta ;<eam a good
rrad^: steady work; paid while learning;
SSSt have i'^Z secur.ty. Call at CIS Mer-
chant St., bet. Keamy and Montgomery.
WANTED — First -class head bushelman: also
2 first-class tu?he;men. Apply MOES-MIER
CO.. t_2 Market st.. & to 1_ a. m.
Y'-'.XG man for ger.eral merchandise stcre in
country: ?35 and found. Cai. Employment
Ai.fr.cy. 1* Third «. '
Y'~'.*NG raen fcr cruise ta South Seas; expert-
re uncwr^sary. • At HERMAN'S. 26 and
£7 S:euart st.
WASTED — Good bey in grocery store. Appiy
•X.I Larkin St.. cor. Poet.
WANTED— A schoolboy to carry morning
I«;*r route. Arcly 1225 Mission st.
FOR eale — At eacri3.ee. 4-chalr. 10c barber
.-.-. i at once. Z2Z Sacramento st.
t-CHAXB barber fhep for sale cheap: owner
g''ing East. 21s Moctgotnery a-ve.
- ' SG boy of good family to rtart as er- '
rand bey. Arriy Jf- J. PFXSTER KNIT-
TING CO., 60 Geary St.
WANTED — Tourg mar with fioi} for good
ps.:^ns legitimate business. Box Wj*S, Call.
WaNTET*— Man with $300 take charse cf of- j
Bee; light manufacturing co. Box 53L Call.
WANTED — Every phy«ician In town t-» tell
h:s ratier:ts oi the virtues cf CHICLETS.
FOR be.!* — Two-chair shop: eld stand; good lo-
cation: geed business. 1547 Mission st.
FINE two-chs!r tarb«r sh->p fcr iale. InQua* j
C. A. TR.OST, 3CS Mascn st.
¦WANTED — 2 cr 3 gocd eeconi-hand revolving
barber chairs- Apply box 1731. Call office.
WANTED — Oce-rhair barter shcr; city or
ouunttj nr cp»F!ns. B<-x 17::4. Call effic^.
AN tpfffcs— CC wanted for bakery. 715 McAl-
J^Jh __
EAEEEF.S — r^ewntown thep with lease; clears
$130 r^-r mocth; am going to stil this week to j
man who makes best Gffer. Fix 172S, Call.
B.sPRZRS — 3-chair ehop for eale: rent, light
s-.d water <hct and colJi $1H 50; Income
r~» morth; price f:«O. MLXLER A. HALL,
C2^j Seccnil st., Sacranaento.
MEN— Tfce or.ry crlgiiai Moler Barber College
teac&<?s barber trade in 8 weeks; wages
*arr«%d wtJ« learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call cr write for Illustrated catalogue.
_cler Earber Cclltge. 643 Sacramento st.
• -".;¦ moved from Clay st.
A PLEASANT raced, flne appearing registered
pty>ician and surgeon: nuit'b* tjuite gray,
but acl;v*; positively no ether; no traveling; 1
**:ary *2Wi or more when weil started. Call I
st ZT, Tbira st. L
WANT&O — M?n ani wrjmen to learn the
tsrfc-rr trade, under first-class Intuit tar?
only 6 weeks required at GILLETTS i
SCHOOL. «1 Commercial st.
WANTED — Men to prepare for rail-way m*U
snd custcm-hou^e jjositions. Apply fcr free j
catzloga*, Pa'-iSc Corre?por;dence Institute. J
Grut tl-g.. l'Jl'5, Market st. ; cptn evening*.
VANTHD — Laborers and mechanics to know i
taat Ed Rolkln, Rer.o Hc«se proprietor, has j
a^ed 100 r«w rocrcs to the Denver House,
217 Tlurd St.; 250 rooms: 23c to 50c per nigat. j
ONE young man to learn t£e barber trade j
in a «hop: enly meth.jd. HAIGHTS COR- ;
_J_ECT. 751 Mission st. !
""ANTED — A yavzx man cf good habits in a j
private family fcr a large sunny room; |
«u:ta.b!e fcr two. 2476 Howard st.
EAREER sheps bought and sold at Counrian's
Exchange; country shops a specialty. 70S
Market st.
V ANT' ED — An all arosrd tailor and eoatznaker
for eourtry. ApiJy RE1SS ESOS. * CO..
24 g-tt«r st.
Wasted — Educated eentieman to vtslt small
tcwrj «r.d write snort articles for publlca-
tlcn; «>?. p» r g-.crth. Box S5O. Call office.
GET your ehoes hal'-eo!ed while waiting; 23«
10 „ __" T1 S 4 '-* 1103 »^-. b«t. 1st and 2d sts..
cr .1 th:rd «t.. Examiner building. '
TVA.VTEC- M-n ta tU 250 rooms at 20c per
rif"t< : P ir ' trn closets, fcalr mattresses, elrc-
t..c .:ght in every ro«n. «81 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRT ocr c*s'» *hc~s. union made; $1 and $1 Vt
rcsrr-s. u 3d it.. Exam, bid ; open tin 9 p.m.
ENERGETIC, r-Ilatle men as city and co^
try trtats; steady po g itl_&s._2_7 Vtftn sT^
«« Murray, fchippinc Ag-nt. up Davis «.
!_^^^__|H5_^_r^^^
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are r*I
paired ty tnachinery; eewed »ole« lOBi^TSt
EAILORS and young m«n (green hand*) for i
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson It?
LABOR debts collected; «n:ts. attachraentT
Law and Agjustnient Co.. 3=3 Mon^Tr _1'
r Vi Sl0^ * Tt J- E r£- Eam *' r - **- »eua bll!
P-tt Cca. Geo. H. Thomas Post.. G. A. TL
TTTNCKESTER Hotel. 44 Tclrd St.. near Mar^
ket— 7C0 rooms: CSc nigat; reading rocrns;
free bu.« and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH cf2e« of Tha CaU for the rec^T
ticn d advertisements end subscript'ens ha»
b**n cpened at 1008 Market st^ opposUa
nrth. Open until Up. ol *»~-w
A— MURRAY A READY, «34-«3« Clay St.
Phone Main 8S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
SAILAT.AK..ERS.
3 sailmakers stea/y job, city. $2 5O to $4 day.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
13 plow teair.!?tprs_nd farmers, $2« to $33 fd.
7 milkers, chorecven and choreboys.
MISCELLANEOU S.
10 labcrpr*, near city. tra.
« Italian laborers, ranch. $1 50, fara-
Grain- r and painter, near city, '$3 50 day.
Plumber. >-ity Jcb. $3 day.
?;¦"¦".-.. fumitir" factcrr, city.
MACHINE HAND. X
Machine hand, cuntrj- r^ntr.ff mill, south;
Ready jcb: it day.
COOKS. WAITERS. ETC. '
13 cocks, waiters, dislnrasSers and kitchen
hands, $20 to $25 and found.
1303 We Gave l»04 "We Hcp« to
€O.O0O Men 'Work. Increase 60.000.
MURRAT <fc READY. €34 and. 636 Clay St.
I^BOOKKEEFER.
Bookkeeper and typewriter fcr banking com-
pany; mu«: have references; ?10 and found,
with Increase.
RANCH BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper and typewriter for ranch; about
ZS tr -T3 years; steady position; $40 and fd.
MURRAY A READY, C34 and 638 Clay st.
~ LATE ORDERS! ~
PIE BAKERS.
6 pie bakers, city Job. steady. $15 weak.
STABLEMEN.
4 hostlers, country stables.
2 fcanees cleaners, country etabTes.
2 begyy washers, country stables.
MARRIED.
Cook ar.d u~t?e. mine company, $30 and found.
Man and w-fe. privite place, S40 and found.
CONCENTRATOR MAX.
Ctncentrator man. gold quart* mine. $75.
LABORERS.
20 latcrers for a large company south; se«
b< ff* here.
Younz can to drlre bakery wagDn, city.
Secor.d cock, sawralll board ! .ne-house, $40 fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638 Ctay et
ADTERTTCEMTINTS. subscriptions rec«lT»d at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church staL
ALL «izes m*n's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prire f.71 Mission rt.. bet. 1st snd 2d sts.
nqs^s^A^rDjw-AGqira;
SPONGES for vehicle washing harness clean-
ing; lowest prices. G. ADDERLEY. 307
Market Et.. San Francisco.
TO KIRE — A couple of working horses by the
month; also room ft a tevr mere boarders.
Columbia Stable. 122H Eddy st.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready: rr_.iled free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELf. Pres.. 510 Golden Gate
FOR «aie — W) business wagons of all kinds at
half price. 1503-5 Falsom St.
Wanted — Snetlar.d peny outfit complete. Box
1TW. Call.
P.UBBITR tired buggy for sale. Box 4506,
Call office.
MARE for sale; bay: weighs abcut 1100
pour.ds. Box (SOS. Call office.
AUCTION eale cf horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st-
FOR ya!e — 5 second -hand express wagons, cne
•ingle truck. 23.1 Beale st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, toggles, wagons, har.
res*, work & ciriviwc horses. 15th-Va!encia.
ADYEBTXSEXEStTSfc Fubscriptioss received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church ets.
A EFtANCH o'fice of The Call for the recep-
tion of artvertlsearr.ts and subscriptions has
been cpened at 1G0S Market St.. opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
S0JJCT3 TO EET.
A-^PRINTED li!»t of hoaws to let: send for cir-
cular G. H. I'MBSEN 4 CO.. 20 Montgomery
$45 — HOUSE. 10 rooms; perfect condition; gas
and electric lights; front and back srarden.
1^23 Vallejo St., or apply 4 Montgomery ave.
UNFURNISHED cr partly furnished home;
P— 'iidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call c'flce. . .
gQTJSXTS TO I. ITT — ygajTISH— P.
HOWARD. 2130. near Eighteenth — 8 rooms
and bath; finished basement; rent reason-
able. _ . - .
McALLISTER. &43 — 7 rooms and bath, eotn-
pletsly cr partly furnished.
EOTTSES FXTEITISHED— FOB SAIE.
FOR sale — Finely furnished house of 11
rooms; very reasonable. 32S Ellis st.
FURNISHED hruse. 5 r. and bath; good loca-
tion: cl'ar* 5.*i3 mo.: eell cheap. 313 Eddy.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1013 Van Nees am —
This Crst-c'.a«s hcteL cow being conducted on
American plan. ei»pecially for families for the
eeascn cr year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, eunny and
comfortable: superb view; furnishings are all
*>{rar.t. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, forrrerly of Hotel Langbam.
N. T.. and Mca-a Hotel. Hcnolulu.
HOgSE-c-EAjraro omens.
JAPANESE housecleaning company and shoe-
maker. 61S Gough st.: phene Howard ZZ&Z.
nrsTAX— jgEJfT BtJixDrsro.
Bl'U-I )ING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, £12 CaTlaghan buildingr,
will build en your property or buy you a lot:
$S a month pays principal an! interest on
each $l'X»0 of balance due, making your in-
stalments less than rent; send fcr circular
m VEST— — ;a q'S.
RARE bargains — 100 American Marconis, $4,
10OO Rhoderick Dhu, 2^c: all ether stock nn
similar terms. E. COWPER-THWAITE.
Stockton. Cal.
Z.OST A3TD rCUSD.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Lean S->cietv of Ssn Francisco in the
name of LEOPOLD RICHTER. No. 272-1238.
The fined will pi«a«e return to bank.
$5 REWARD — Lost, brown cocker spaniel; an-
¦wers to name of Kolro; tag No. 2£)5. Re-
turn to 2S1O Jackson st.
$2 CO REWARD for return cf cocker spaniel
pup, lost from 27C0 22d St.. cor. of York.
LOST — A silver v/atch and chain, with h.part
charm, year 188S. . Return 12XJ O'Farrell s?t.
LOST — Leather wallet containing accounts and
cards. H. D. Chase, 23 East st. ; reward.
LOST — UirVfcrella, at Tivoii . promenade circle,
Sunday night. 510 Fulton St.; reward.
LOST — Check on Seattle National Bank; pay-
ment stopped. Return to 2117 Bush; reward.
LOST— Locket ad in Not. 25 fcr. 417Vi Third:
no address to answer. Re-ward if returned.
FOUND— Ccirfnrt and peace of mind by the
girl who chewed CHICLETS.
LOST — On Monday evening, ladies' cpen-fac^d
gold watch and pin; mcncirrain on back. M.
E. B. Return &>S Howard, receive reward.
LOST — Stock cf a No. 12 Remington shotgun; I
suitable reward at 553 Geary st. *v
S^TTyCgE3 rOB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot cf Oay
st,; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 53*.
atATrrBE^SES ass pillows.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process;: exctllent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 216.
MEXUCA— . /_1
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from ¦
Vany ailment peculiar tt> their sex can find
?mm«i:ate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fall- i
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief er no oey.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St., rooms > and 8.
DRS GOODWTN has returned from Europe;
estab 1^84 In S. F.; 26 years' experience;
female complaints only: Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
ladies suffering from irregularities or other I
conditions; relief assurtd or no charge; avoid !
delay; fee low; hours. 2 to 4 and 0:30 to 8:30 i
p. m. 850 Market St., second floor.
LADIES — Possibly I'm net the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunats helped; I promise best at-
tention, snd no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Rocm 1; est. 14 year*.
PR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearn/ st.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— All who are sick cr
tn trocbie consult this specialist cm female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the moet difficult eases treated;
advice free. Office, 101S Market st
PROVINCE" OT A. NEWSPAPER. LIKE THE CALL o.^. VICTORIA. Nov. ¦ 28.- :: -The stmr Lyra, due
here" Sunday night, was not reported late
Monday: Br, stmr Empress of India Is bring
ing - 200 : Chinese to i Join ' crew . of ; stmr Minne
sota here. Br ship Lindfleld tows to sea Tues
day morning to toad lumber of Chcmaluua.
Memoranda.
' SAILED.
Monday, November 28.
Ger ship Seefahr'er, Schoemaker, Sydney.
DOMESTIC PORTS.'
ABERDEEN — Sailed ~ Nov 28 — Schrs . Sausa
lito and Jessie Minor, for San Francisco; schr
Edward R. West, for Sydney.
* Arrived Nov 28— Schr Matthew Turner, from
Port Townsend. ;
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived • Nov 28— Stmr City of
Puebla. hence Nov 26; Ger bark .Osterbeck,
hence Nov 2O. ' -'-- ¦ .-¦¦•-. . :
Sailed s Nov -- 28 — Br Btmr Empress of China,
for Yokohama. . ¦ •
Ij,\TE SHIPPING IXTEIiLIGEXCE.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
Torassa, lot on N line of Union street, 183 E
of Polk. E 25. N 133:3%. SW to point oppo
site beginning, S 121:094; $ .
Same to Solomon Gump, lot on N line of
Geary street, 110 E of Cough. E 27-6 bv N
137:6; % . " *
Ivan G. Treadwell to Treadwell & Co.. lot
on NW corner of Broadway and Octavia street
W 37:6 by N 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Henry
A. Arnold, lot on S line of Hayes street, 55
W of Laguna, W 55 by S 120; $ .
Same to Fred B. Surryhne, lot on N line of
Page street. 100 E of Flllmore. E 44 by N
155;.$ .
Eureka (Cal.) Soda Water Company to
John, William and Edward H. Goetze, lot on
NE corner of Ellis and Beldeman streets E
30 by N 75; also lot on E line of Beideman
street, 75 N of Ellis, N 50 by E 90; $10.
Bradbury Eetate Company to John F. Ort
mann. lot on S line of California street. 137:6
W of Scott. W 100 by S 137:6; $17,500.
Thomas W. Dennis to William Mlnahan, lot
on W line, of De Long avenue. 415 S of Fred
erick street, S 25 by W 80; $10.
Julia Sorber (Leahy) to Ellen A. Leahy,
lot on W line of Cole street, 25 S of Waller.
S 25 by W 84:4^; $10.
Hans T. J. Vorrath to Sophia L Vorrath.
lot on NE line of Twelfth street, 75 'NW from
Folsom, NW 27:6, NE 73:8. SE 27:6. SW
72:10%; gift.
Daniel K. and Mary E. Hall to -William
Stelnhauser. lot on B-llne of Church street.
25 S of Fifteenth, S 23 by E 75; $10.
Augustus J. Hanken to Agnes K. Flnlay,
lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 105 W of
Banchez. W 25 by S 115; $10.
William Ede Company (corporation) to Mary
White, lot on E line of Noe street, 150 S of
rsr'w i! 0: ft $^. i5o:4v4 - m 13:7 - nw
Same to same, lot on E line of ¦ Noe street,
150 S of Fifteenth, S 25, E 150:4%, NE
13:10vi. NW 21:6%. W 14(1:11; $10.
Ivan G. Treadwell to Treadwell & Co.. lot
on NE corner of Eighteenth and Castro streets.
N 145, E 125, S 43:5, W 25, S 101:7, W 100;
also, lot on NE corner of Grove street and Ma
sonic avenue. E 104:6&, NE 75:10%, W 115:11
S 75; also lot on E line of Masonic avenue!
50 S of Grove street, S 75. E 75:1%. NE
75:10%, W 86:5%: also lot on Ellne of Ma
sonic avenue, t>2 S of Hayes street. S 54, E
23:3y t . NE 54:7%. W 32:7; also lot on SW
corner of Hayes street and Masonic avenue, W
100 by S 75; also lot on SE corner of Grove
and Ashbury streets, E 175, S 137:6, W 75, S
12:6, W 100. N 150; also lot on SW corner of
Fulton street and Masonic avenue. W 206:3.
S 137:6, E 100. S 12:6. E 106:3, N 150; also
lot on SE corner of Fulton and Clayton streets,
E 206:3. S 137:6. W 100, S 12:6, W 106:3, N
150; also lot on NE corner of Hayes and Clay
ton streets, E 206:3. N 137:6, W 100. S 12:(l,
W 106:3, S 125; also lot on S line of Hayes
street, 63:6 W of Ashbury, W 67, S 17:1%. SE
57:10%. N 27:4%; also lot on NE corner of
Grove and Cole streets. E 206:3, N 137:6. W
100. S 12:6, W 100:3, S 125; also lot on N line
of Fulton street, 1012:4 W of Masonic avenue,
A V 2^9:4, N 107:9%. SE 230:11%, S 139; also
lot en N line of Fulton street, 133:10 W of Ma
sonic avenue, W 205:1. N 04:4%, SE 206:6U.
SE 28:7%; also lot commencing 28:7% N of
Fulton stj-eot and 133:10 W of Masonic avenue,
N 246:4%, W' 205:1, S 220:7%, SE 206:6%;
also lot on E lino of Kearny street, 29 N of
Sacramento, N 43 :6, E 50, 8 23:6. W 20. S 20.
W 30; also lot on SE line of Minna street, 150
SW of Fourth, SW 75 by SE 75; also lot on
N line of Sacramento street, 30 E of Kearny, 1
E 20 by X 49; also lot on S line of Grove
Ktrest. 162:6 W of Clayton, W 50, S 25S:4, SE
50:8"!;. N 2*56:10%; $10.
Rjalty Improvement Company to Ernest S.
Simpson, lots 6 and 7. Lyon & Hoag's subdi
vision M. B. 120; $10.
City and County of Ban Francisco to Eman
uel G. Frit*, lot on W line of Treat avenue,
204 N of Twenty-fourth street, 'N 26 by W
100; $ .
W. A. Burdick to John .L. and Mary A. Han
sen, lot on E line of Florida street, 162:6 S of
Twenty-fifth. 8 22:6 by E 100, and lands ad
jacent; $10. . . •¦•¦•-:
Ti Li King et al. to Edward D. Swift and
Edward F. Franks,' lot on 8 line of Jackson
street, ltj"»:3 E cf Dupont, E 40 by S 79:4; $10.
Chun * Kai * or Chan \ Kal or Chun . Kla to
same, lot on E line of '.Washington* place, 80
S of Jackson street, 8 33 by E 90; $10.
Peter ' and .'Ann Featherston or Featherson'
to Caroline C. Martin, lot on SB line of Welsh
street. 250 SW of Fourth SW 25 by SB 80;
$10. •
Mary M. Beaver to Rosalie Colombat, lot on
NW line of Jessie street. 45 SW of Mint ave
nue,'. SW 22:6 byJNW. 80. quitclaim deed: $5.
Rosalie J. Colombat and Antoinette Wledu
wltt" (Colombat) to- Mary Swelgert, same'; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany, to John F. and Josephine W. Nelson,- lot
on ¦ N ¦ line of Twenty-fourth street, 75 E of
Vermont. E 25 by N. 100; $10.
• City and County of Son Francisco to Thomas
F ;and Ellen Webb.* lot on-W.-llne of Rhode
Island street, '2S0 N of Twentieth, N 28 by-W
100; - $— — .~s^eaw^wftw»8BBK pi| w^yfay** 'y w
* Charles • Canncy • to Mary Canney ¦ (wife) • lot
MQNDAY, NOVEMBER 28.
Starr Estate Company (owners) with Ray
mond Granite Company (contractors), architects
William Mooser and E. G. Bolles — Granite and
sandstone work for a seven-story brick and
Iron and stone building on E line of Taylor
street, 97:0 N of Post, N 85:10. E 91:8, S
45:10. E 13:4. S 40. W 105; $0956.
California Fruit Distillery Association (own
ers) with California Woodworking Company
(contractors). architect— Alterations and
additions to frame building on S line of Hayes
street 107:6 W of Franklin, S 80, W 5. S 40,
W "5* N 120. E SO; $1200.
Clara Kluge Sutro (owner) with William
Koenlg (contractor and architect) — All work
for a two-«tory. attic and basement frame
building on W line of-Buchanan street. 76:6 N
of Washington. N 25:5% by W 80. Western
Addition 268; $9320.
Sanitary Reduction Works (owners) with Mll
tcn T Clark (contractor), architect H: H.
Lynch— All work, erection and constructions of
platforms sheds and altering arrangements of
foundry on P. N. 167, bounded N by Alameda
street E by De Haro. S by Fifteenth and W by
Rhode Island: $2250. : ' •
Mrs Emma R. Sutton (owner) with A. S.
Ruch (contractor), architects Sutton & Weeks-
All Tvork except grading and brick work for a
two-story and basement brick residence on NW
corner of Jackson and Baker streets, N 57 by
W.10; $7693. "
Same owner with H. H. Larsen & Bro. (con
tractors), "architects • same — Concrete, cement,
asphalting, iron and brick work for same on
same: $2795. ' ; .,
Frederic H. and Edward H. Nohrden.
Amelia Pstersen (Nohrden) and Minnie Peter
sen (Nohrden) to Ida A. Gllman, lot IS. block
499, Haley Purchase, and lot In Odd Fellows'
Cemetery quitclaim deed; $10.
Ferdinand Kling to Christine Kllng, lot on
SE llni of Prague street, 250 SW of Brazil,
SW 100 by SE 100. lots 2 and 3, block 95, Ex
celsior Homestead; gift.
George and Kate Ryan to Herbert S. Brad
ley lot on W line of Condon street, 49:6 N of
Peralta avenue, N 24:6 by TV 70. lota 10 to 12,
map 2, Ryan subdivision, P. V. 234 to 236:
$10.
Emily H. Moore and Walter H. Robinson to
Harry L. Cunningham, lot on SW line of
Olrard street, 125 SB of Bacon. SE 75 by SW
120 block 11. Utalverslty Mound; $5.
Joseph M. and Mary I. Mello to Manuel A..
Vallelo lot on SE line of Arlington street. 603
SW of Roanoke. SW 37. SE 59. NE 37:9. NW
C" lot 27. Jones Addition to Falrmount: $10.
Anna. D. Joost to Wesley and Grace Donald
son, lot 88, block 15. Lakeview; $10.
Julius C. Rels to John Sleber, lots 20 and 21,
block 41. Rels tract; trrant. ¦)-¦. ¦•¦-••-¦•'
Same to John Brownlle. lots 1 and 2, block
44, lota 7 and S. block 47, Rels tract; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
¦William J. Herrin to H. L. and Charlotte
G. Kummer lot on E line- of Hattle street.
175 N of EiEhteenth. N 25 by E 75, lot 8,
block A, Park Lane Tract; $10.
Josephine A. Badger to Anna D. Joost, lot
14, block 2. Lakevlew; $10.
8. Ducaa Company to Lorenzo ai)d Josephine
Brancata. rerecord 2044 D. 219. lot on W line
of Folsom street, 93 S of Precita avenue (NW
corner of Bessie and Folsom), W 75 by N 25,
lot 24, Ducas Tract; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to William H. Bu
ham, lot on NW corner of Garfleld and Vic
toria streets. N 150, W 100. S 50. E 25. S 100.
E 75. lots 1 to 3. 43 and 44. block 34, City
Land Association; $10.
Leopold and Sarah Welnstein to Dorothea
B. Dieckmann, lot on NW line of Dwlght
street. 20 NE of Glrar;!. NE 26 by NW 100.
block 7. University Mound: $10.
on W line of Mississippi street, 150 N of
Nineteenth, N 60 by W 10O: also lot on N
line of Nineteenth street. 50 \V of Mississippi.
W 25 by N 10U; also lot on W line of Pennsyl
vania avenue, 50 N of Nineteenth street, N
25 by W 100; gift.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Marie A. Walsh, rerecord 2004 D. 258, lot on
W line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 125 8 of
Lake street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Alfred T. and Jennie J. Morris to "William
and Elizabeth Bingham, lot on S line of Clem
ent street, 82:6 W of Fourth avenue, W 25
by 8 ICO; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to George W. and
Josephine Qulnn, lot on E line of . Forty-sev
enth avenue, 25 N of K street, N 25 by E
107:6; $10.
Mary A. Arnold to Frank J. 'Arnold,* lot
1036. gift map 3; gift.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Chris
topher Buckley, lot on E line of Dolores street,
138 S of Thrrtleth. S 25, E 124.72, NE to point
opposite beginning, W 135.92, block 31, Fair
mount; $10. •
Goldneld.
Sandstorm ... SO — Uumbo 50 B5
Red Top .... 11 131 Jumbo Ex ... 19 —
GoldHeld Mhk — 101 Vernal Mia .. Ofi 11
Columbia — lS|Goldfleld 61 i 62
Dl&mondfield. 30 j
TOKOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
60 Bullfrog Mln. 55) 100 Sandstorm ... 82
600 Jumbo 491 500 Ton Cash Boy. 11
£000 Jumbo 62 500 Ton Exten ..2 00
2100 MacNamara . 23| 500 Ton Exten.. .2 02^
2C*K> MacNamara . 22|, 100 Ton Gold Mt. 16
10 ™ r* J Ton Con 121 200 Ton Midway.. 34
000 Red Top 12| 200 Ton Midway.. 33
100 Rescue 08i 200 Ton N Star. .. 20 ;
40t>0 Sandstorm ... 30| 100 Ton N Star... 21 j
100 Sandstorm ... 35[ 100 Ton N Star... £2
100 Sandstorm ... 34i 800 Ton N Star. .. 36
100 Sandstorm ... 33|
Afternoon Session.
600 Bullfrog Min. 65| 700 Ton Gold Mt. 16
500 Diamondfi>!d. 2911200 Ton Midway. 33
300 Goldneld Mln. 5S! 100 Ton ofi Nev.S BTA
300 Gnldfleld Min. 57 250 Ton of Nev 9 CO
I£!"J umb .° 40 I0 ° Ton N Star..'. 30
500 Jumbo 50J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
' "•: r ; Bid.Ask.r Bid Ask
Adams 0« 10(MacNamara . 21 24
Austin Gld M 20 — (Mlzpah Exten. — 15 '
Black Butte.. 16 — IMont Ton ...170 180J
niue Bull M. IS —IN Y T Con il 11 1" I
Booth M Co. 12 — {Paymaster ... 03 05 !
Bullfrog Mln. 55 -HQulncy 08 — •
Columbia .... 18 21 Ray Exten .. — 09!
Dlamondfleld. 28 — "Ray & O f Brien 04 10 ¦
Esp*>ranza ... — OljRed Top .. 11 ioi
Gold Anchor. — ... 08 -I!
Goldneld B Bl — 13iRothwell G M 14 _
Goldfield B&B OS —(Sandstorm .. 31 32
Goldneld Dmd — 20lTon Belmont.. 68'- 69
Gldfld Gt Bnd — l#Ton & Cal 17 «n
Goldneld Mln. 57 5S| Ton Cash Boy — 12
Goldneld Mhk - 20|Ton Exten . 2 05 —
Gldfld Red 7 L. — 07!Ton & Gt W — <r>
Ooldfleld 3 Pk — 18^.T6n Gold Mt." — 17 i
Gold Mt Con. — 02,Ton Midway.. 31 3A '
Hazel Kirk .. - 12jTon of Nev.S 871* 0 00 j
Jim Butler .. 50 6»!Ton N Star... 27 33 !
Jumbo 4R SOIUnlted Ton .. — 07 '
TwT, b0 -?* ••• « JSLVernal Mln ..07 C8
Little Ton . . 35 4sNvest En« . . . . 15 _
Lucky Tom . . — OS I
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
accepted the bid of the syndicate of
San Francisco banks for a portion of
the new bond issue for public improve
ments aggregating $2,099,800. The se
curities purchased are the library
bonds, $739,800; children's playground
bonds, $740,000; Golden Gate Park and
Presidio extension bonds, 5328,000, and
the Mission park bonds, $292,000.
The resolution on the subject recites
that the bid 'of the syndicate is the best
offered and provides that the bonds are
to be delivered on and after January
15, upon five days' notice being given
by the purchasers.
The bid of the State Board of Ex
aminers for $250,000 of the children's
playground bonds was rejected in view
of the acceptance of the syndicate's
bid- Immediate steps will be taken by
the' board to 'sell the rest of the bond
issue for the purchase of lands for
school and hospital sites and for a
sewer system. One contractor has
made an offer to the Board of Educa
tion to» build one of the schoolhouses
and take his pay in bonds.
The Board of Works was authorized
to invite bids for the construction of
oil-burning plants in the City Hall
and Hall of Justice at a cost of 52400
and for a public safety station at Mar
ket street, opposite Powell, to cost 5750.
The board passed to print an ordi
nance ordering street work on San
Jose,. San Bruno, Corbett, Ocean View
and Point Lobos avenues and improv
ing the streets and sidewalks surround
ing Alamo Square at a total estimated
cost of $16,750, provision for the work
having been made in the last budget.
The City Attorney was directed to
waive an appeal in the suit of John
Center against the city involving title
to portions of Channel a*nd Alabama
streets.
The City Attorney was asked for. an
opinion whether the board has the
power to close Beach street between
Laguna and Buchanan.
Permits were granted to the Olympic
Club for amateur boxing exhibitions on
December 5 and 6 and to the San Fran
cisco Club for December 2.
Orders Work Fronting City
Property and New Safety
Station on Market Street
TO INSTALL OIL PLANTS
Board of Supervisors Au
thorizes Some of Securities
Sold to a Bank Syndicate
Chaplain John E. Dallam. U. S. A.,
from Washington, D. C, is at the Oc
cidental on his way to Manila.
Colonel Henry C. "Ward. Fifteenth
Infantry, on leave, registered at de
partment headquarters yesterday. He
is at the Occidental.
Brigadier General Frank M. Coxe
and family have gone to housekeeping
at 1297 McAllister street.
Captain Charles R. Howland ex
pects to have the new rifle range at
the Presidio completed early next
week. It is to some extent an exper
iment, but Captain Howland is very
sanguine of its success.
General Francis Moore, accompan
ied by his aid. Lieutenant Creed F.
Cox, began an inspection of the quar
ters of the post proper at the Presidio
yesterday. The general arrived there
at 8:30 a. m. and it was noon before
he started back to town. He made a
thorough inspection of the quarters of
the three batteries of the field artill
le^ stationed there and also ei^ht of
the companies of the coast artillery.
He will conclude' his inspection of the
coast artillery this morning and will
finish his inspection of the stables to
day. He has deferred inspecting the
cantonment, quarters until Thursday.
The court-martial of Paymaster
Harry L. Rees began at Portland, Or.,
yesterday. It promises to be an inter
esting and long drawn case. Major
Henry M. Morrow of this department
is acting as the judge advocate.
General Francis Moore Visits Quarters
_/. / , of the Field and Coast
Artillery.
ACCEPTS BIDS
ON BOND ISSUE
BEGINS THE INSPECTION OF ,
BARRACKS AT THE PRESIDIO
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904.
14
OCEAN* TRAVEL.
Steamers leav» Broadway
/iVt-iS-iSfiV wharves <ptera , 9 and 11).
ABr^ an Francisco:
l(Ff*rff*>» \*\ For Ketchlkan Wrangel.
I / V&S\ 1 1 J«neau. Treadwalls. Hatnes.
I V \ni>CAf 1 Skagway. etc. Alaska— lt
\J\ \\ SO/ »~ m -. No*. 26. Dec. 1.
\>5iOi Change to this company's
NSOjSrCRrX steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes. South Belllngham. Belllngham— 11
a. m.. Nov. 26,'Dec. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company s steamers for Alaska and G N
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ... '
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 24. 30. Dec. 6. Corona 1 :30 p. m.
Nov. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Ansreles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9am
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Nov. 23 Dec 1
Coos Bay. Bam., Nov. 27, Dec B
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo
For further Information obtain folder Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates
TICKET OmCES — 4 New Montsrom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.,and Broad-
way wharves, rreisrht Office 10 Market st
,n C V» D v DUNA^ N ' G .' neral Pa « e nger Agent."
10 Market at., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st. will
caH for and check baersage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
J AMEEICA1T I.IITE.
New York Dec. 17iSt. Louis Dec 31
•Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
ATLANTIC TSA1TSFOBT UHTB
,„ . New York — London Direct.
Mlnnehaha.Dee.10.8 amIMen'm'e Dec 24 10 am
Manitou. Dec.17. 10 am Mntnka. Dec.31 1 pm
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada .>* December 10.
BSD STAR LINE.
Kew York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
Finland ./ Dec. 10|Kroonland Dec 24
Zeeland Dec. 17Vaderland Dec 31
WHITS STAB UXTE.
Kew York — Queenatown — Liverpool.
Oceanlc.Dec.14. 10 amiBaltlc, Dec. 2S, 10 am
Majemic.Dec.21. 10 am'Cedrlc, Jan. 4. 4:30 am
Boston — Oueensrtown — Llvemool
Cymric Dec. 21|W T lnifredlan Jan. 4
NEW YOBK AND BOSTON DIBECT
To the Mediterranean.
Gibraltar. Navies. Genoa. Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
CRETIC Dec. 12, Feb. 4. March 181
REPUBLIC Jan. 14. Feb. 25
FROM BOSTON '.: .
ROMANIC Dec. 10, Jan. 28, March II
CANOPIC r Jan. 7. Feb. IS
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Atrrnt Pacific Coast,
21 Post St., San Francisco.
oceanics.5.w. sir**
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland '
and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 1. 2 p m
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.10. 11 a. m"
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Dec 31. 11 a.m.
I.D.SPEECOLS4BR0S. CO., A2lS.,TlciBt 0S1C8 543 Iir-
tBL Frei$t CfflcB 327 Marfct sl, Pisr 7, Pacts: it.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRAN3 ATLtS TUUi.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ..-^
Salllns every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier
42. North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, 970 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. QEN-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For TT. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Strs General Frlsbie. Monticello and Arrow.
9-45 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30 p.m. 6 p.m., 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo, 7
a.m., 0 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun.
days 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission at.: phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS
RAILWAY TRAVEL
fSBSjMS «
I iciilCAGO T |N <3 DAYSi
I LEAVES OAILTV AT93OAM.H
' fm. y_\T M oirsE - F:?aA - MOat - eEPgRS H8
' Other Santa 7e Train* t
7:30 a. m. 1 For gtoc^ton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 pi mij Merced. Hanford and Vlsalta.
4:00 p. m'. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
I Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
1 San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak.
land. Cal.; also 27 South 1*. San Jose.
H To SAN RAFAEL,
ross valley;
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sansallto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Deuart from San Francisco, daily, at t7:08
7-45 8:25. 8:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. 3:13
4:35,* 6:li. »:»<>. 6:30. 7:15. 8;00 and n :3 i
P *Arrive at' San Francisco, dally, at f5:4O
7-35 8:15. 8:50. 8:35. 10:50 am.; 1:30.-2:55'-
4:25l 8:05. 8:42. 6:22. 0:57. 7:40 and U;ii
P "tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:43 a. m.; also Sat-
urday* at 3:15 p. m.. and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Caiadero and way stations.
8:15 p. m.. Saturday* only— For Caiadero.
5:15 p. m.. daily, except Saturday aad Sun-
day, for Tomale*. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market at.
FERRY— Union Depot, loot ot Market st. •
RATLWAY TRAVEL.
y**^~t1*^. Vwufmm !«•?• atatf »*• <!••
/>3^rTrr>^^\ lonrrltnut
(SC^^\Z\ 8AN FRANCI3CO.
\W — jE^? Jf]J /ton Ocro»«» vt. l»0i
l^/ (Toot of Market Street >
!•-»»¦« — MAIN LINE. — AH'-.iTn'
700a V«c»»lHe. Wtuiera. Uuiu*«7_ 1 oil*
7.00a Benlcta. tlmlra »:i<i Sarrmoirn:».. 720>>
7.30a Yallejo. Nap*. cal*ito«», Sauta
i:osn. Martinez. San !Umon 5 20»
7 30a N*tle». Tracy. Lathrop, Stucitron.... 7.20*
8 OCa shus:* Expretn— (Vta D:\tIji).
W!l!1am». Wlllown. tKruto. !:ed
Bluff. l"ort:»n.|. Tacoma, Sentcl« 7.50P
8 00a Darls. Woodland. KuUb:< Lnudtas.
MarynTllle. Oro»H|e 7-5C*
8-30* M'rttaei. Antinclx i:> run. Tr&ey.
Stockton. Xiwimo, Lo» Bnnoa,
MeaJ.lv .irni-ma. Haufurd,
VUall*. ."ortervllle 4^0«»
8 30a P»rt CottA. Modesto. Merced.
' ••¦ - Fresno, Goibcn Junction. Haa-
*ford. Vltalla. PakersflelJ 4.50»
830 A Mien, Sun Jo»e. I.lrer»" ire. Stock-
ton. (tSUlton). tonr. oaentmeato.
Maryirtlle. Cbtco. Ked BmtT 420»
8 30a Oakdale. Otin«««. Jamenfown. So-
norx. Tnolnmn* «nJ .«ncel» 4-2tJ»
800a Atlantic Kxpr«»«- -OwJcn «nd Knti. 5- 20»
830a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 8 50»
10Q0AT.be OTerlnnd LlmUsd — "rien.
Ounnha. Chlcneo, Ucnrer, Kaosai
City. St. Louis 8 20*
1000a Vallejo-.^ 12.20»
10.00a Lo« Anre.le« Panoe-nuer — Port
Coata. Martinez, llyroo. Tr».-f.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Kaymond. Fresno. Ooshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Letnoore. Vitalla,
BatersBeld. 3.o« Angeief 720»
\i.00t» Hnyward. Nllei and Way Button*, a. 20*
tl .OOP Sur.ramento Rirer Steamen til .00*
j JOP Benlcie, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlghra Iaindlnfu
MarrtTUle. OroriHe and way „
nations — Ig-" 0 *)
J?J0PHaTward.N;;e««ndWay Stations.. 760*
S 30p Port Costa, M»rt:nei. Byron,Tracy.
Latbrop. Stockton. Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fresno and ._-__
Way Station • b«youd. I'orfc Costa 1Z-ZO»
4.00PM»rttnei,SanB*raco,V»UeJo,N«B»»
Callstc(?a, Santa Rosa. ,£iZ A
400p Nlles, Tracr, Stockton •9?2*
430P Hay ward. KUea. IrTln^toa. Saa» t».5O*
Joae. Llvermore I til. 50a
6C0PTb« Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota, Tresao. Talara,
BakeTsSeld. Los Angeles. — 8 -59*
tS 30p Flajwsrd, Tftles and ban Jos* ...~. 7.20a
6-OOp ila/ward. Nilesand San Jose 8.50a
600p Eastern Express— Umabs, Chicago,
DonTer. kaasas City. St. Loala,
Martinet. Stockton. Sacramcnta
Col fax. Reno, Sparks, UsatellA,
Ogden — . "2.50»
fl.OOp Vallelo. daily, except danday I 7 ig.
700p Vallejo, Sunday only f i-oiiw
7 00p Wehmond. San Pablo. Port Costa.
Martinez and Way Stations 1120a
7.00PBeno Passenger— Port Costa, B«-
nlcla, Salsun. Elmlra. Dtxon,
DaYls. Sacramentn. Sparks. Tono>
pah. Keeler and War Station*... 7-50A
• 05 p Oregon A California Express — 8ao- '
ramento, Marysvtlle. Redding.
Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 8-50*
8.10p Hayward. Nllea and Saa Jose (Sua-
day only). 11-804
COAST LINE (.Narrow ila-g*).
(Foot of Market Street.) ¦
8 16a Newark. CenterTllle. San Join.
Felton. Boalder Creek, Santa
Crni and Way Stations BBS*
12.1SP Newark. Centerrllie. Saa Jose,
New AlmaJen. Los Oatos.Falton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations tt!J.55 a
4-ISp Newark. San Joie, Los Gatos...]
o9 30p Banters' Train (Saturday «nlr)—
8an Jose and War Stations t7-25»
COAST LINE <»rea.J i.aace).
C3r~(i'Ulrd and fownsend Streeu.)
" 6-IOa Saa Jose and Way Stations- 6 30»
7 00a San Jose and Way Statton* 640t>
8 00a Kew Almaden (Tueg.. Frld.. oaly). 410»
8 00a Tb" Coaster — Saa Jose. Salinta,
San Ardo, Paso Roblea, Santa
Margarita, San Lais Oblspo,
Gaadalape. Gavlota, Santa Bar-
bara. San BnenaTentara. Mon-
talro, Oxnard, Bar bank. Los
Angeles 1C 33*
800a GUroy. Holllster. CastroTiile, Del
Mcnte. Pacific Grove, Surf, Lom-
poo 10.30P
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos.WatxonTille,
CspltoU. Ssnu Cruz, Paclflo
Qrove. Salinas. San Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4 13»
10.30a San Jose and Way Stttlons. ....... 1.20v
11 20a San Jose and Way Stations.... .... 7.30p
2-1Sp Ssn Jose and Way Stations 8 33*
3. OOP Del Monte Kzpress— Santa Clara,
Ean Jose, Watsonville, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey.
PactfleGraTe 12.15P
13-OOpLos Gatos. Wright. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, vU Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge »10 45a
B-30P Valencia St.. Sooth San Francisco,
Barllngame. San Jose, GUroy,
Holllster. Tres Plnos 10-45a
430p Fan Jose and Way Stations t8 00a
tb-GQP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Oato*.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) T900A
16 30 b ban Jose and PrtncipalWay Stations {3.40a
6 46p baD»et Expres*. — lledwood. Saa
Jose, Gllroj. Salinas, Faao Koblem.
Ean Luis ublopo. ganta Barbara,
Los Anjteles. Demlng. Kl P«aa \: ->t : :
St.Louls. New Orleans. KewTork 810a
B.45p Pajaro. WatsoaTilie. Capltola,
bantu Cruz. CastroTiile, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 10 30»
16-16P fcauMateo.Ueresford.Uelmont.San
Carlo*. Ked wood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 16 48a
6 30p San Jose and Way Stailona. ._ 6 36 *
8 COp P»lo Alto and Way Stations 1Q.1&*
11 .30p South SanFraacisco. Mlllbrae. Bar-
llngaxne, San Mateo, Belmont,
Ean Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto ri 45*
•HlOpMiiTUe'.d, Mountain View, sanny-
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
ganJose t9.4»»»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Ban Jay excepted. t Snnday oaly
« Saturday only. b Monday only.
ibiopt at all sUMoaa on 8nnA*Zi.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
Tlboron Ferry, Toot of Market Street.
SAN rSAKCISCO TO SAH SA7AEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 9:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip)
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAJT BATAEL TO SAN TSASCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:06 7:33, 7:60. »:30. U:U
a. m.: 12:50. 3:-W. 5:00. 5:20 p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:38 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40u
4:08, 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leare | In Effect I Arrt-v»
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 19O4. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- ) Sun- I Week'
Dayg. I days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ~— ———___-
9:30 a IgnacJo. 10:40 a 10:20 a-
3:30 p 3:.".0p 6:05 p 6:20 o.
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a ~ 9:10 a 8:40*.
8:00 a Xorato. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma 6:00 p «:20pi
5:10 p 8:30 p and 7:33 p
f 5:00 p| Santa Rosa.
7:30 a] 10:40 a 10:20*
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 pt
3:30 pj 3:30 p
"i Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbarr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:3Op 3:30 p Geyiervlll*. 7:33 p 8:20 9
Cloverdale.
7-30 al 8:00 a) Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 »
3:30 PI 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:33 p( 6:20 g
i j WUUts and j j '
7:30 a| 9:00 a[ Sherwood. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 aj " 110:40 a|10:20)a
3:30 p| 3:30 p! Ouernevllle. | 7:35 p} 6:2t>p
7:30 a 8:C0al Sonoma. ) 9:10 a! 9:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 pl Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:01) al 110:40 a|10:20 «
• 3 :30 pl 3:30 p| Sabastopol. | 7:35 p; 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring* and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagg*
Springs: at Cloverdala for the Geysers, Boone-
vlUe and Greenwood; at Hopland for Dunoaa
Sprtnpa. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlctt
Spring* and Lake \ County Hot Springs; a t
Uktan for Mchy Springs. Saratoga. Sprln«V
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wttter Sprln«a!
Upper Lake Pomo Potter Valley. John Day>
Kiverslde. Uerly 's Bucknells. Sanhedrii
Heights. Hnllvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptehe. Hopkins, Mendoclno at/
Fort Brags. Westport and Usal: at Wmits for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto Covelo. Laytonvliie. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruttland
Dyer. GarbervUU. Camp 3. Pepperwood Scotli
and Eureka. *
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra-
deced rates. .
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all nolnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates. **>»»
Ticket ofnee. 650 Market street. CaronlcU
builuing.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN
. Gen. Manager. Gen, Pass. Act.
Mt, Tamalpa[sRajlway^
Lt. Eaa frucixi Ujj^^ it. Saa Fri2ciK»
9:5Oa 9:5Oa \^>?kSa^S 3:55p 3:33?
1l':45'p l:4r»p 1^ 6:-:?? 6^8??
Satard«7» 4::53p yftr Satardij* ll:liF
'TlaSrtTity far V mi>a>!p«atoMmTiCsy
11S2L I ««>«**«» ST.,(North Shore Railroad}
0I/1CB | and Sausauto Kejuiy. Foot Market S*.
W Call $1.00 w tear
BOOM rO^WSESEEKKO-Cm^
BOVABD I5*s— Hr*:s<>keepintr rooms, with gas
ririV: V.ith. phonf : filso *ir.s'e room.
HOWAftD l" l: " - fur ' hmisekefplnjr rooms;
runn:nV 'wsirr: *** ranee; bath, etc.
uateitT 138- Sunny hay-window alcove room.
cnt*ait4 large, l:;t<-h-n zr* range. *; week.
JESSIE 323 -Larce iront ?unry parlor; pas
rVned fink: *3 to S3 ?¦'» a wck.
KEM* WORTH cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
rcom cuBB? apartments ; neam l;eat; cen. loc.
KFAHNY. V>i — Ur.fur. bay-window front tulte
art k'tche;-.. $2'': sunny: adu'tf.
rctXCKKBOtKTKEB Apartrrnts. 1"1O Pine—
Purny furnish' 1 *! ::-room suites: steam heated.
. '.er«rlc lishtrd: tree baths: rate* reasonable.
MINNA. JUT — Funt'JEbeil rooms, complete for
iir>usekeci;Ir.s^ '
M1FSIOX 1723— Sunny housekeeping room:
•'.*¦.> large front room, bath and laundry;
very reasonable.
OAK. 117— O>m»<!et- tor housekeeping (3 t»
fir: u^ rsr.ge: hit bath: *du'.t».
POST XL' 'I III I J frnnt ro"rn5. ST>. $rt. $S. $10
month; ? Modern; za*. i>atM. rhon^
FHV»:nTE^NTH. n2- f — Tit-e'; larP* housskeep-
ivK rorif. wok ftcve. bath. sink, etatioa-
ar> tub,: »:w
PUTT '.rt. IWK^S i-r.Ji:r.: ca-« range already set
up: !o» ren; »i immanent tenants.
THini). Z2 n — HoufkwpiriB roi^ms to rent;
cheap' to steady fcikt: all conveniences.
TLIlK iiv^fur.iy. furnished front room; also
Mite* of 2 cornerttn* rooms; furnished for
h-uifeVrrplr.g; f'.nk and all conveniences: rea-
t-^»Vil, .
VAN NESS ave.. Dr,:^— Upper floor unfur-
nished; ewry ror.venler.ee; adults: tic.
WALLER! Ti^k bestettfol «ulte of
fumtsbetl icmrV*: fun all day: new: *g^ 1 _
APAETMr TTT^ n ?,?££5u^L~s~.
"The evebett
Modem apar-.raert!'. 62J> Fell nt. Finest equip-
ped 4 and -I room apartrm-nti- (riirntsrtiel or
ur.furrlsbed) in city; itrand view romn-.and-
ins Lav and er.tire ct'y: price* «fumlihed>
from S4-". ap. Phon* Pa»e CIRC. ;
BOO2XS TO liET — Para, and UafurB..
ATKINS, cnr. Third et. and Park lane— New
brlrk building; all sunriy rocmf: hot and cold
»ater: electrio light*: only first -class house
In localitj-; rooji* H SO week and up.
A — BRUNSWICK Houne. 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
2T>c to $1 per r.isr.t. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light hoi^ekeep:ng rocrr.s: open all nighty
AT 'The A'.mrnte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth tt.)—Roamr. 2.V. 50c. Jl, $1 50 night;
fl .V» to $10 week; house cpen all night.
AtSTIN «ve.. IC2. off Polk— One large sunny
front room for rent.
BSUfOVD Houne: over Owl drug store: 2 en-
irapeea, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lilThts; running water in every rocm: 200
rooms. C5c to 50c per night; (1 25 to $3 week.
BRYANT. MS rear — 4 eunny unfurnished
rouai; rent (9.
CLAYTON. «:;5. near Haight— Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, cheap: breakfast if desired.
ELLIS. HSC — I'r.fumlfhed rc.oms; fine sunny
corner houre; references; moderate rent.
ETOY. £S1 — To Ift. nicely furnished front room
for frentleman; private family; reasonable
price.
ELI.lt*. IJftl. cor. Goujrh— Private family; large
eunny rwrne; also housekeeping rooms.
EM)V, SC4— Nice single room; also house-
keeping rooms to let.
EDDY. 12r4 — A larce room, suitable for two
*entl»mcn; hot baths: modern house; J« per
_rnont_h._
FOLSOM. HZi — Two sunny single rooms; close*
and hath.
GOZJDES8 GATK. .ir.T—Ne.wlj- furnished sunny
rxjn-.F. *2 to $5 week; hot water hath.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Misrion — Rooms 35c
to SI 25 night: $1 50 to $S wk. ; reading-room.
GEAHT. C10 — Nice room*; elnjle or double.
HOWARD. Tin — Furnished rocms. single or
dcuhi*-; central location.
HOWARD. 640 — Punny front room; grate; $2 28
weeii; ether rooms. $4 50 month up.
JACK5ON, 1442 — Sunny furnished rooms; pri-
vate family: references.
KEPPELER court. 1. off Mason St.— Neatly
furnished room to let; $10 month.
LARKIN. SfV4 — Eur.ny front, with irrate. $7;
back lioupckeepir-.g room $8 50, eingle rocm J5.
LEAVKN\YORTH. 712— Nicely furnished sunny
room; private fajnily; ref. ; rent reasonable.
MARKET. 10-49 (The Falciouth) — Eunny rooms:
J2 50 to *7 week; baths: elevatcr.
METROPOLITAN Hctel. 129 Third St. — «00
pingle and family rooms 35c to II 50 per day,
12 to t* r*r «ef-k: the only new and modern
note! and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric hirhts. call bells, steam heat ¦
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator eervio* day and night to its guests.
MI??ION. 4547. near China ave. — Three nicely
furnished sunny rooms to let cheap.
MARKET. 1J04— Furnished rooms to let.
PHILADELPHIA HOfFE. 205 Perry St.. nr.
Fourth— Nicely furnished front rooms, fl 23
to tZ i*r week.
PINE. ;;»2(< — Newly fernlshed room; very sun-
ny; phone, gae. bath, running water.
PINE. 775 — Modern, bay-window room; bath
and phene; ; or one or lwo gentlemen.
ROYAL HOVfE. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
readlr-R-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to (1 50; week, (2
to $*; mentto. S« to £U>; elevatcr on around
floor: rooms with hct and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 224— Nice, furnished rooms to let;
reasonable.
6TOCKTO.V. 0fi7— Funny iront room; quiet lo-
cality; clm-e in; suitable for two.
BUTTER. CS2— Large sunny front room, beau-
tlfully fur., with kitchen; also single rooms.
THE ST. KATHKYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LF.AVENWOKTH 6TP.— POSITIVELY THE
RUNNIEST P.OOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTOESSE? BATHS.
ELECTRC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT ANI> <T)LD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. SCI Sutter— New nun-
a«err.ent; new bid*.; finely furnished, with
but ar;d cold water, steam heat and baths;
fine location and reasonable rates.
TATLOK. 511 — Large sunny room; 2 pentle-
rnen; hot water bath: $14 front; back $10.
THIRD, 30fl — Suany bay-window room for
quiet man or couple; $10.
UNITED STATES. J2.T Eddy. nr. Market— 400
roomr 35c to tl n!s*t, $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no «as). running water In every
room; «•;< vator. rend. -room; fre« bu»; b&ggag-e.
VAN NEFS ave., IOCS— Newly decorated and
furr.i«hed j-ooit.s.
WEBSTER, ltCO— Si^iry, furnished room with
bath.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st., nr. Market
Most convenient and re»p;ctable; 700 roomi-
BSe to SI .'.¦> nlehtly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
el*c. lights; n^ading-rooni; free bus; baggare.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call brar.cn office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1OOS Market «t.. opposite
""fth. Open until 11 p. m. % . > -..-
ONE large room; well furiashed; running wa-
ter; convenience of tath; couple, $45; jingle.
(25. 451 Devisadero, cor. Fell; phone Pace
«77.
OOLDCN GATE ave.. 1031, near Jefferaoa
Park — SnBTiy furniehed rooma. bath; private
house; good board; $22; two, $85 month.
A NICE ninny room, bath, rat, parlor, piano;
breakfast and dinner; for tingle gentleman;
£25 per stonth. Box 1745. Call office.
CALIFORNIA. B07— Beet rooms, table and
rerric* m the city for the least money.
ELLIS. -453 — Fine furnished rooms, with the
best French tablg board.
HARRISON £70— Large sunny front room*.
with board, for 2; $9 and flO per week.
HAIGHT, 21S— Furnished room for gentlemen,
with or without board.
HAIGHT, ZP.2 — Larre runny suite; running
water: prmte: second floor: corner house.
OFARHELL. 553— Board by the meal, week
or month. Phone Larkln 8670.
PAGE. 254— Room and board in private fam-
llv; *2<J month.
r.OOMB to !et with board. Box. 1801. CaJL
ROOMS with boaran^T Turk .U •
J booms aitd .?.9^S°rrS°?HSSS^-.~
ROOM and board for ladles: reasonable. 3640
Sixteenth et.. off Market.
SUNNY rooms and board. 900 Van Ness ave.
SUNNY room* and board. I301A Devipadero.
1 SUNNY front rooms, board: parlor, piano,
; phone. 83O Van Ne?s ave.
I TURK. 1159 — Lcrge funny roims. suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen, with sood table bcard^
j TWO raonia furnished, with board; central.'
|AddrfFs Ijox 17W. Call office.
I ¦¦ —
' ROOMS AKT3 BOABD WAKTEP.
; 4 YOUNG men want rooms and board, east of
Van Nets, north of Sutter. Address box
j 17.5C. Call office. •
A LADY convalescent desires a pleasant home
in a refined private family; rooms must be
quiet and sunny. Box 267, Call office.
j SO OBIS WANTED.
I WAKTED-A neat room; hot bath: lady: out
j all day: fH month. Box l".y.. Call office.
Boorrgo.
RO<">F?, fliewalks nnd cellar floors laid, re-
I p.ilretl- low •.¦rices: work guaranteed. Chicago
Hr^-fint: Co.." F. Herrmann, m'gr. OOP 3d st.
rrwii-G machiitss ahd srcr3»x.T*:s.
: TUB White is Uins ot »ev.inB machines; runs
lightest; eews :aet<>st; wears longest; makes
both lock and automatic Btitch; if you wish
to buy or rent a sewing: machine and want
the best en earth, visit the new retail office
of the White. 315 Market st. ¦
j ALL make*; 2d hand. $2. 55. $7. $9; new.54. $S;
drop heads. !i drawer, golden oak. $15; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
B. M. Co.. 145 Sixth tit. ; tel. Jessie 3798.
J DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
is chcape5t: tecend-hand all makes at any
price: tl! kln^ rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, lfll Market *t.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-band $3. $6. $8; slightly
used *lo $1P, ?20: you know where the dotli
ewlng In the window. 10S1 Market st.
j ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing. guaran-
; teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission «t.
STOP DRINKING.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form.
mailed in olaln package; haa cur?4 thou-
I rands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
TYPEV-'RITEKS AND SUPPLIES.
i AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
CD~-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
SXTJTTEEING AND STAMBrXIlIlfO^
i MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market.
cures; estab. In g. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MAU1UAGE LlCtlXsiKi*.
Marrisge licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
Antonio Gantullo 22. 417 Union street, and
•Maiilda Castalrta. 21. 417 Union street.
George H Laity. 25. city, and Eleanor F.
' Msthewe. 25, city.
Christian H. Kornbeck. 35. 1947 Golden Gate
i avenue and Anna Beler. 32. SC4 Page street,
i Albert H. Oj.ppnheimer 21. 1324 McAllister
I etriet and Hilda Lewald. 18, 2200 Devitadero.
George L. Fltzsimmons. 27. Pacific Grove,
; and liertha H. Nicholls, 22. Portland, Or.
James H Leaver. :}.", 095 North Point street.
¦ and Clara Tyrrell. S<\ Perth Amboy, N. J.
Gteseppe Taechella. 2S. Oakland, and Guls-
! eppinia Dcluochl. 2:i. 'rlty.
William H Allen. 37. Cordelia, and Caddie
¦¦ R. Kuland. .Jfi. Berkeley.
Charles Flick, 24, 2t3<i Precita avenue, and
: Jennie Burns. 2.'5. 1531 Fifteenth avenue South.
i Jasper S. Jones. 25 Stockton, and Kather-
ine J. fctollenwerk 20'. Milwaukee, Wis.
Albcn P Ma thews. 27. Fort Bragg, and
i Emma J. Ha:gh 21. 1321 Washington street.
E P.eed-B^rtolet. 25. 230 Fow.ll street, and
' May Ctowley 18 207 Jones street.
Frank J. Prochazka, 26, 17 Shotwell street,
• and Jennie Raven 30. 17 Shotwell street.
' Richard J. Graham, 25. 1602 Vallejo street,
and Genevieve L. Smith. 22. COO Bush Ktreej.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death . notices sent by
I mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
! in at either of the publication offices and be
i indorsed with the name and residence of per-
I sons authorized to have the same published.
¦ Notices restricted elruply to the announcement
; of the event are oubllshed once in this column
] free of charge.
BORN'.
! BURNHAM— In this city. November 28. 1904.
to the wife of Dr. Clark J. Burnham. a son.
¦ FRY— In this city. November 28. 1904. to the
wife of George L. Fry, a son.
SPELLMAN— In this city, November 24, 1904,
to the wife of Martin 6. Spellman Jr.. a son.
VICTOH— In this city. November 24. 1904. to
the wife of Joseph Victor, a daughter.
JIAKRIED.
' BORGER — KOHLER— In this city. November
2<J 11*04. at the First English Lutheran
Church, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Loula
Wesley Borger and Bertha Ellda Kohler,
both of this city.
CANINE— LEA— In this city. November 27.
lt»O4, by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
Central M. E. Church,' Robert L. Canine and
JeFgie E. Lea. both of San Francisco.
Amette. John Mclnnes. John H.
Duwe Wilhelmlna McKenna. Paul
Fuller. Annie Noecker. Frank
Gagan. Grant W. Norris. James
Gallagher. Minnie Perkins. Wlllim S.
Grady Annie Preston. Mrs. Emily
Gray. "John J. Reynolds. Edward J.
Kannay Allan W. Schwaulifeld. Isador
Harold, Oharle* Siesbuttel. Eva, M.
! Hearne. Mary A. Stevenot. Julia
Jones Thomas D. Etrittmatter. Charles
Klinesehmidt. Wll- Taylor. Mary J.
helmina Teschemacher. Henry
Knarston. Allca L. Trengove. William J.
! Ko*ter Thobald Wanderer. Anton
i McGinerty. John T. Wliyers. Ralph
I ' McGowan. Joseph E. Wlglund. Edgar R.
! AMETTE— In this city. November 26. 1901,
Jonn Amette. a native of France, aged 72
! years.
I DUWE— In this city, November 26. 1004.
| Wllhelmina Duwe. a native of Germany.
"¦ aet-d r>0 years.
| C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .Tuesday.
Novembtr 29. at 10 a. m., from the parlors
j of the H. F. Maass Company, 017 Mission
; street, near Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet
. Cemetery. /
FULLER— In this city. November 27. 1904,
Ai.n:.-. beloved daughter of the late H. H.
1 and Martha Fuller, and ulster of H. H. and
A. W. Fuller and Mrs. R. O. Deach. a native
of Georgetown. . El Dorado County. Cal.,
aged 30 year?. (Sacramento and El Dorado
County papers pltase copy.)
CT'Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wedijerday). at 10 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty &- Green. 1171 Mis-
sion etreet. between Seventh and Eighth. , In.
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GAGAN— In this city. November 28. 1901,
Grant W., beloved husband of Mlnn'e R.
: . Gagan, father of Adele and Nellie Watson
] Gagan. and brother of Mrs. J. B. Poultn?y
and Mrs. F. W. Babcock of Watcrtown. N.
¦ Y.. a native of Oakland. Cal., aged 36 years
' ~* m ° ntna aD( 3 28 days.
DTrircJ* and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited tn attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 11:30 a. m.. from the funeral par-
lors of Hunker & Lunt. 2GCC Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third, under the aus-
pices of Golden West Camp No. 71S. W. O.
W. Interment private.
Officers and neighbors of Golden West
Camp No. 748. W. of W.. are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of Neighbor Grant W
Gagan. Wednesday, at 11:30 a m. froni
2CCC Mission street. By order.
F. C. RUSSELL C. C
J. E. ELLISON. Clerk.
GALLAGHER— In Philadelphia. Pa , Novem-
ber 11. 1904 Minnie, beloved wife of CJ
S". 1 !* 811 '*-. £ au S htcr of the late Jamea "and
Bridget McGrane. mother of Guton Lionel
and Vincent Gallagher, and dearly " beloved
•ieter of Mrs. Joseph Thomas, a native of
San Francisco, aged 35 years and 9 months
GRADY— In this city. November 28, 1804 An'
nle. beloved wife of John Grady, motherof
Eleanor May Grady, and daughter of a
Black, a native of San Frandeco aged 27
year* and 9 months. ' B^ "
E7 Retrains at the parlors of McAvnv a.
Co.. 123» Market .tre«i, near Ninth ° 7 *
GRAY— In this city. November 26. 1804 j ohn
fjST .noTio^^r-Lena' SHS&
7eI?th th V« °^ Ce v aISd """I*™ Of Court
Zenith No. 21— "iou are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother J J
Gray, from his late residence.- R Langton
etreet. Tueeday. November 23 at 8-30 af mT
n- r. rs.^iJ 1 - 61MON - Chief Ranger.
T. G. KLEIN, Flnancai Secretary.
HANNAY— In this city. November 27. 19C4,
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31"
MOM AH AN. O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
233S--341 JiiEsion et. near Nineteenth. .
San FrancUco.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to express our heart-
fe.t thanks and appreciation to the many
friends and Bonita Circle No. 104. C. of F.
or A.. ior their kindness and sympathy ex-
tended us in the sad hours of our bereave-
ment of loving wife and daughter.
/- < P£ A^, HAI>L GREENWOOD. GEORGE
G. GREENWOOD. MARGARET HAH*
Allan W. dearly beloved son of John A.
anJ Loretto G. Hannay. and grandchild or
Mrs. H Donnelly and Mrs. J. Hannay. a
native of San Francisco, aged Z years o,
months and IS days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitrd to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, November 2;». at 1 p. m...at the
residence «t hla parents, r.32 Missouri street. !
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
HAHOLD-In this city, November 27 1U04.
<"harlc3 Harold a native of Ennls. County
Clare. Ireland, eged S-'t years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuerday) at 2 p m., from the parlcrs of
J. C O'Connor & Co.. 7(57 Mission street.
Interment National Cemetery. Presidio.
HEARNE— In this city. November 2\ 1PM.
Mary A beloved v-ife of William Hearne.
End mother of Frank P. and the late Wil-
liam H. J. Hearne. a native of County
Leltrlm. Ireland. (.New York and Portland.
Me., papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence. 2124 Howard street, between Sev-
enteenth and Eighteenth, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem rnas3 will be celebrated for the re-
poee of her 6oul commencing at 0 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Kindly
omit flowers.
JONES— In this city. November 27. 100*.
Thomas D.. dearly beloved husband of Jose-
phine E. Jones: and loving father of Edith
A: and Kenneth B. Jones, and sen of
Tho:r.as Jones, and brother of William H.,
Dr. O. . W. Richard H. and Mrs. Mattie
A Symonds. a native of Son Francisco,
aged 49. years 11 months and 14 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the services Tuesday,
November 29 at 2 p. m., at the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Please oralt flowers. Interment
private. .> >''i^-, .-.
KLl.VESCHMIDT— In ihls city, November 28,
lf>04. at St. Joseph's Home. Wilhelmlna
Klinesehmidt. a native of Germany, aged 71
years 4 months and 6 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tui-fday). at !> a. m.. from the chapel of
St. Joseph's Home, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KNARSTON— In this city. November 27. 1004,
Alice Louise, relict of the late John H.
Knarston. and daughter of the late William
and Alice Riekerby. and mother of John H.
Knarston. and sister of Mrs. William Ferns,
Mrs. E. Norton and William J. and Al
Rickerby. a native of San Francisco.
ItyFrlends find acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. November 20, at 1 p. m., at trj«
reMdence of her sister. Mrs. William Ferns,
122S Treat avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue at
2 p. m.
San Francisco Hive No. 8. I* O. T. M. :
Officers and members are requested to attend
the funeral services of our late sister, Lady
Alice L. Knarston. to-day (Tuesday), at 1
p. ni.. at 122S Treat avenue, near Twenty-
sixth and Folsom streets. By order.
JESSIE M. CONSTANT, Lady Com.
CAMILLE M. GIRADE. R. K.
KOSTER— In this city. November 26. 1004,
at his residence. 254% Fourth street, Tho-
bald. dearly beloved husband of Helena Kos-
ter, brother-in-law of Mrs. Carolina Butter,
and uncle of Mrs. Lizzie Eyssen, Mrs. Sophie
Larsen and John Plato, a native of Copen-
hagen. Denmark, aged 65 years 11 months
and 18 days. A memb-r of San Francisco
Stamm No. 246. U. O. R. M.. and the
Danish Society Dania No. 2, of California.
ir?-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday) November 29. at 12: JO p. m..
from the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1M1
Mi-Flon street, between Seventh and Eighth,
tn' n'e to Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush street.
for service*, commencing at 1 p. m. cre-
mation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. inn*
McGINERTY— In this city. November 27. 1904
John T. McGinerty. beloved brother of
Harry Frank and Joseph McGlnerty and
Klster Mary Ursala of Notre Dame Convent,
a native of San Francisco, aged 40 years.
C^TThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday) at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of M?Glnn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
MeGOWAN— In this city. November^ 26. 1004,
Joseph E. McGowan, beloved son or Mattnew
and the late Mary McGowan. and brother or
Dr E J and M. B. McGowan and Mrs.
Mary E. Foley. a native of San Francisco.
a?ed" 29 years 0 months and 21 days.
"in7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
November 29, at 9 a. m.. from the parlors
of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate, avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his eoul. commencing at 9.60
a m Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McINNES— In this city. November 28 1004,
John EL beloved husband of Bessie H Mc-
Innes. and father of Hugh Andrew Mclnnea.
a native of Isle of Skye Inverne*s-shlre
Scotland aged 66 yeftfs 2 months and -1
dayV Past Royal Chlff of ScottUh Thistle
Club' and member of Clan Fraser, Lady
C7- Remains at the parlors of Craig Coch-
ran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate avenue, between
Polk and 'Larkln streets.
McKENNA— In this city. November 2S, 1904,
Paul McKenna. a native of County- Derry,
'irrRemalns at the parlors of McFadden.
MtBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
NOECKER— In the City and County Hospital.
November 2S, 1004. Frank Noecker. a native
of Missouri, aged 49 years.
NORRIS— In this city. November 27. 1004,
James Norris, beloved brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Blaney of Stockton. Cal. Mr». Kate
Cunningham of Jersey City. N. J., and Wil-
liam. John, Patrick and Edward Norris, a
native of County Carlow. Ireland, aged 37
vears A member of Court San Francisco
N "' F of A. and Felt and Composition
Roofers' ' Union, " Local No. 1. (Chicago. III.,
and Jersey City. N. J.. papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). November 30, at 8 a. m.. from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. ll.T. Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thfnce to St. Rose's Church. Brannan street,
near Fourth for #>ervlces at 9 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Court San Francisco No. 7,. F. of A. — Offi-
cers and Members: You are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at the parlors of H. F.
Puhr & Co. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and' Eighth to-morrow (Wednesd-
ay) November 30. at 8 a. m., to attend the
funeral of our late brother, James Norris.
By order T. L-INAN. Chief Ranger.
I. P. BEBAN. Sec.
PERKINS— In this city. November 28, 1904,
William Stlckney Perkins, son of Mrs. Theo-
dore B. Perkins, and brother of Mrs. W. M.
Woodward of Uklah. Cal.. and Mrs. Morris
Lobner of Colfax. Cal.. a native of Auarusta.
Me. aged 43 year?. A member of Illinois
Town Lodge No. 61. F. and A. M.. Reno
Lodga of Elks and Sacramento Council No.
140. U. C. T. ,
(ETFuneral notice hereafter. Remain^ at
the parlors of Clark 4 Booth. 612-614 Van
Ness avenue.
PRESTON— In this city, November 28, 1904,
Mrs. Emily Preston, widow of the late Jo-
seph Preston, mother of Hazel D. and Ira
Preston, daughter of William Mund, and
sister of Edith Mund and Mrs. W. C. Craw-
ford, a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years 11 months and 11 days.
E7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 1 at 2:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
REYNOLDS— In this city, November 27. 1904.
Edvrard J.. dearly beloved husband of the
late May E. Reynolds, and loving father of
Mrs. S. D. Haynes and Blanche E. Rey-
nolds, and brother of Andrew Reynolds, a
native of DubMn, Ireland, aged 52 years and
1 month.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 a. m.. fron the 'h 1 --
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 11T1
Mission ctreet. between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cro33
Cemetery.
SCHWARTZFELD— In this city. November
28 1904 Isador Schwartzfeld. beloved son of
Wolf Schwartzfeld. and brother of M. Black-
field, a native of Roumanla, aged 26 years.
SIESBUTTEL — In this city, November 2S,
. 19<>4. Eva Margaret,, beloved wife of the
late Daniel Siesbuttel, mother of Alexander
and Maurice C. Siesbuttel, and sister of M.
C. Glmpel. Mrs. A. Siesbuttel and Mrs^Fred
Ilsohn. a 'native of Hesse-Cassel. Germany,
aged "iO years 9 months and 2 days.
MtyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. December 1, 1904. at 2 p. m., . at
her late residence. 23 Twenty-eighth street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STEVENOT — In this city. November 27, 1004.'
Julia Stevenot. beloved wife of Louis
Stevenot. and mother of Auguste Stevenot.
and sister of Ettor and Marie Mas?on, and
sister-in-law of Eugene Stevenot. and cousin
of Louis Koener. and niece of Mr. and Mr*.
J. B. Gulot, a native cf Belgium, aged 28
. years.'- V- y
cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day November 30, at 10 a. m., from her late
residence. 1311 Powell street. thence' to
French Church Notre Dame des Victories,
where a mass will be celebrated for. the re-
potse ' of her soul. Interment Holy : Cross
Cemetery.
STRITTMATTER— In ' the City -and County
Hospital. November 28, . 1004. Charles Stritt-
¦ matter, a native of New York, aged 43 years.
TAYLOR — In this city. : November 27, l»04,
Mary Jamea Taylor, beloved wife of Frank
' A. Taylor, and mother of .. Gertrude - Dillon
Taylor, d native of Wales, aged 34 years. "
E7Frends are invited to attend the funeral
services Wednesday. November 30, "at. 1:30
p.' m.. at the- chapel of, N.. Gray & Co.. .."53
Hutter street." Interment Cypress ' Lawn
Cemetery.
TESCHEMACHER — In Terrltel, Switzerland.*
: November 26. . Henry .: Frederick, ¦ beloved
father ¦ of H." E. .Teschemacher. a native ' of
Boston, aged .£2 years. One of the - earliest
residents of California and . Mayor of San
Francisco in 1S62-63. '
TRENGOVE— In Berkeley. November 27. 1004.
William J.. beloved brother of Samuel Tren-
sove of. Marlposa, Cal., and Fred and
Thomas H. Trengove of Calumet. Mich., and
uncle of S. J. Trengove of San Francisco, a
native 'of England agfed 36 years 11 months
and 27 days.
ETTrlends and acqualntaneea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 1:30 p m.. from the funeral
parlors or Bunker & Lunt, 266U Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. between
Twenty-second and Twenty- third. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WANDEREK— In this city, November 26. 1004.
Anton, beloved husband of Lena Wanderer,
and dtvoted father of Mrs. Annie Buck and
Clara. Emma, Frank Lizzie. Marguerite
and Ottilia Wanderer a native of Bavaria,
Germany, aged 54 years 3 months and 13
days. A member of Gambrinus Verein.
t-Jt Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). November 29, at 9 a. m.. from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
' thence to the Church of St. Charles Borro-
meo. Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, for
services at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WHYERS— In Fresno. November 27. 1904.
Ralph Whyers. son of William and Alice
\\ nyers, and brother of Everett, Warren and
Mildred Whyers a native of Lathrop. Cal.,
a Sfd 17 years 5 months and 9 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuerday). at 1 p. m. from the residence of
the parents, 355 Fourth street. . Interment
Cypress Uvrn Cemetery. -
The Officers and Members of Court James
G. Blaine No. 207 F. of A.; You are hereby
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother; Ralph W. Whyers. from his late
residence, 365 Fourth street, at 1 p. m. By
order.. W. A. McDOWELL. Chief Ranger.
; F. J. HARRINGTON, Rec. Sec.
WIGLUND — In West Berkeley, Cal. Novem-
ber 27, 1004. at 923 Delaware street, Edgar
It, beloved son of John E. and Annie L.
,V ls ! und - and brother of Ernest and Elmer
VViglunu. a native of West Berkeley, aged
2 months and 25 days¦/¦i , ¦ . FUTURES.
Se*slon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
i- Open. r High. Low. .Close. ¦
December ...*1 11 JI.H $ l lx ? l n
May ... . 1 10 1 10 1 09% 1 10
. . . 2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 10T» asked. |
OATS — There' were large arrivals of. 10.021
ctls from Washington, chiefly for account of
local mills. The demand for seed" continues
excellent, but that for feed Is quiet.
White, SI 42%©1 57%: Surprise. $1 5331 CO:
Red for feed $1 32^'iM 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22H©1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for aeed.
f I 42^61 50; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 45@1 62^ for seed.
CORN — 1800 ctls came In from the West. ,
The market Is steady, unchanged and feature
less. •
Western sacked. $1 43@1 CO for Tellow,
$1 45® 1 50 for White and $1 45@1 50 for ,
Mixed; California Urge Yellow, $1 45@l 50; ,
small round do $1 55® I «2H: White, nom- I
lnal: Egyptian. . $1 35®1 40- for White and '
tl 17H©1 20 for Brown.
RTE— $1 40@l 45 per ctl. . .
! BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
cental.
Flour and Mlllstuffs. ;
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 SOS !
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 TOSS:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50 I .
per bbl.
11ILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as j
follows: Graham Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do, S3 6O; I
Oat Meal. $4: Oat Groats. S4 25; Hominy. I
$3 tH>;j3 85; Buckwheat Flour. J4 25; Cracked
Wheat S3 75; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
¦ Flour 'S3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 75@7 50; In
sacks. (4 25; Pearl Barley. $3; Split Peas,
boxes. S3 SO; Green Peas. S3 30 per 100 lbs. \
_____ _ ' f
¦ . —————— 1
. Hay and Feedstuff^. •
There waa no change In anything- und.-r
this head yesterday. Bran and Middlings con
j tlnued firm, while Hay was steady, though re
[ ceipts were again heavy, being 8."3 tons, in- |
eluding 73 cars.
BRAN— $1U 50(S20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— «2S©2S per ton.
SHORTS — $19 5C©20 60 per ten.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@24 50 per \
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50; j
lobbing $33: Cocoanut Cake. $23®24: Cocoa- |
nut Maal $24@23: Corn Meal. $31 50@32; j
Cracked Corn, S32®32 50: Mixed Feed. ?22@ ;
23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom
1 Corn Feed. 80c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. S10<Q15; Wheat and Oat. $10®
14- Oat $9@12; Barley and Oat. $S@11; Volun
teer Wild Oat $7@10; stable. $0^10; stock.
$5 &O@7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa. $3® 12 per
ton
STRAW — S5®60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans were the lighest for some
time, being only 742 ski>. The market con
tinued quiet and featureless.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 75®3; Pea, nominal;
Butter, $3®3 23; small White, $3 15-83 30;
large White. $2 40@2 63; Pink. $2 75@3 15;
Red $4 25®4 50; Lima. $4 15®4 25; Red Kid
| neys $4 50; Blackeyes. $2 60@2 75 per ctl;
I Horse Beans. $1 854J2 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 50^4 75; Tellow |
Mustard nominal — none offering; Flax. $23
2 75; Canary 6*i«7c: Alfalfa, IStteieHc:
Rape. im?2Hc: Timothy. 5%c; Hemp. 3>/i^
3»;c per lb; Millet. 2H®3Hc; Broom Corn
i Seed. $2O@21 per ton.
i DRIED PEAS — Nlles, $1 73®2 50; Green
I Peas. $1 75@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy over Sun
day, being nearly 11,000 sacks, and the mar- 1
ket continued weak, particularly for river Bur- J
I banks, which constituted the bulk of the re- j
I ceipts. Four cars of Sweets were marketed ;
I and met with a brisk demand at slightly firmer |
rates Fancy river and Oregon Onions were j
t steady, with the best lots held at a slight ad
' vance. -
i Southern Vegetables were in increased sup-
I ply and Inclined to easiness. Los Angeles
i Tomatoes were offering at 75c®$l per box. hut
eold slowly, as choice stock In large boxes |
I from across the bay could be bought at the j
¦ same figures. Cucumbers were too scarce to ¦
quote. 1
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 40©
j «5c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 10#l 35 per j
j ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 75c® $1 per ctl; River
1 Reds eO@70c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, SCVgOOc
I per ctl. I
i ONIONS — $2@2 35 per ctl for fancy and
1 $1 25@1 5O per sack for off grades. - .
' VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 58«c rwr lb;
String Beans, 3g5c per lb; Wax Beans. 4Q«c;
I Lima Beans. 6®7c per lb; Tomatoes, 50cH$l j
per box; Summer Squash. 75c per box; Cab- ',
i bage, 63@7Oc per ctl ; Carrots. 75c per sack ;
: Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic, 4^©5c per lb:
Egg Plant from Los Angeles. «c per lb: Dried
I Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers. 40>@5Oc per ;
box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $10^12 1
per ton for round lota.
Poultry and Game. •
Three carloads .of Western Poultry were
placed on sale and a portion of the car that
came In on Saturday was still on hand. The
: market waa in good shape generally. large
: young chickens particularly being In good de
1 mand. Western moved off well and what little
1 local stock was offering met with ready sale
at well-maintained prices. Game arrived
I freely and cleaned up well.
j POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, lS-f?20c per lb
for fresh stock; Live Turkeys 14©18c per lb; !
i Geese, per pair. , $2@2- 25 ; Goslings. $2 25«2 50;
Ducks IfifSo per dozen for old and $t>®7 for I
young; Hens. $4 5C#5 for small and $5 5Og6
for large; young Roosters, $3 5Og« 50; old I
Roosters. *4@4 60; Fryers. $4 5Cg5; Broilers, J
1 $2 50@3 50: Pigeons. $1@1 25; Squabs, $2^2 50, \
I GAME— Mallard Ducks. $3(34 per dozen: j
! Canvasback. $.1@6; Teal. $1 25gl 50; Sprig.
' $2ff2 25; Widgeon. $lfil 25: Red Heads. •
'¦ $1 50@2 25; email Ducks $lgl 25: Gray Geese i
: S2®3: White Geese. $l@l 75; Brant. $1 25^2 50; j
1 Honkers, $3@5: Snipe. $3 for English and $1 50 I
I for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare $1 50@l 75;
Rabbity, %'i for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and* E<»es.
The week opened with a better market for
Butter. Stocks showed a perceptible diminu
tion and, although there was still plenty on
hand. It was evident to even a cftsual ob
server that the market was cleaning up. In j
fact, several houses were disposed to quote ]
higher - prices, while the majority were op- 1
¦ posed to any advance until the market became ;
sufficiently cleaned up to allow them to raise i
the quotations with safety. The opinion was ]
I general, however, that improved quotations
might be expected very shortly. ¦
There was no change in Cheese. :
Eggs were lower again, and. though some j
houses still hung out for previous prices, the !
majority were letting go at the quotations
below. There was no scarcity In fresh ranch.
Receipts wer» 33,000 lbs Butter, 514 cases
1 Eggs and 30.400 lbs Cheeee.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 20@2lc
for extras and 17^®lDc for lower to medium
grades: dairy. 17©18c; cold storage, nominal:
store Butter. 10@14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15@16c.
CHEESE-^-UHfi^c for choice mild new and
10@llc for old: cold storage. 10"4®Hc; Young
Americas 12©12%c: Eastern. lOQloc per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 3»83Sc for good to fancy and
.T4f?3.V- for common; cc!d storage, 25'jKiOc;
Eastern. 25©2Sc for choice. 22@24c for stand- J
ards and 19021c for seconds. ,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. I
, Trade In fresh fruits was of small volume.
aa local wants were light and there was noth- j
ing doing in the shipping line. Four carloads
of Oranges were received and five cars of Ap- !
pies came In from Oregon and Washington. |
Both descriptions were very weak and It was. 1
difficult to obtain over $2 per box for th«
fanciest offerings of well-colored Navel Or- *
angea. Seedlings, Tangerines and Mexican
Limes were quoted lower. A feature of the
Citrus market was the marketing of 1100
boxes of Mandarins from Japan. The fruit
was packed in different sized boxes, $1 50
being asked for the small and $1 75 for the
larger boxes. Grapes were In light but suffi
cient supply and met with very slow sale.
Receipts of Ptrawberrles consisted of a few
chests of the ' Cheney variety, and choice offer
! Ings met with prompt sale at the quotations.
! A portion of the receipts were hard and green
! and had to be sold for what they would bring.
I There was nothing new to report in other
. ! fruits,
i STRAWBERRIES— Cheneys. $607 per chest.
' RASPBERRIES — per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7®10c per lb.
! CRANBERRIES— $10^11 per bbl for East
1 . ern and $"S2 75 per . box far Coos Bay.
, I APPLES — *l 25 per box for extra fancy. 85c
• i 6$1 for ordinary fancy.- 50^75c for choice
: ! and 25<g40c for common; Lady Apples. $292 25
! per box. >
I PEARS — Winter Nellis, 51 50 per box; cook-
Ing varieties. «5ci@$l per box.
; ' PERSIMMONS— 3O@t>5c per box.
I I FIGS— Nominal. •
. I GRAPES — Crates. GOc@$l; small boxes. 35®
. 50c- open boxes. 73c@l 23.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Navels. $1 25<©
'. 2 25 per box; Seedlings. 75c<g$l; Tanger
, - Ine« 75o for small and $1@1 25 for * large
I boxes; Lemons. $2 5'W;; for rancy. $1 75®2 25
for choice and $1 25<g.l 60 for stand
ards: Grape Fruit, $1-7362 30; Mexican Limes.
$4 per case; Bananas, $2@3 ' per bunch
1 for Central American and $1@2 for Hawaiian;
J Pineapples. $1 5(Xg3 per dozen.
Dried' Fruits, Xuts. Kalsin?. Honey.
The market, though still quiet, rules firm en
- Fruits, Nuts and Raisins and Apricots are
sllghtly,i higher. Raisins .are also showing
an advance, and the tendency Is upward.
Peaches are exhibiting the most (activity at
the moment, and stocks are light.
FRUITS— Apricots. SiglO^c for Royals and
9H@12c; : for Moorparks; • Nectarine*.
6Va©"Vic for "White and -«%©7c for Red;
Peaches. 7»;©8*ic per lb; Pears, 7©12c;
Plums pitted. 6«6Hc for black. "H©8Vic
for red'and 7Q8Vic for yellow: FIrs. 2-crown
bricks 50c;* 3-crown. 55c; 4-crown,- 60c; 6
crown! 65c; bulk white;, 2%@3c: black." 2Ji©
1 5%c; Evaporated Apples, 4H©6%c per lb.
• PRUNES— 1%©1?4o per lb for the four (lies
! and 2Hc basis lor the. large stzes. ,.;
.. RAISINS— 18O4 crop t. o. b. «Fresno—Im
perial clusters, $2 25@2 50; Dehesa.il 30@l 33;
' London Layers. $131 10; Loose Muscatels. .4
. crown, ~"8@5Kc; 3-crown. 4*sc; 2-crown. 3}i*p
L A L Co 6« — - |S P of C h
Do gtd Cs. — — , (19C3)Sr A. — —
Do gtd Ss.1024 — r a9^fi)Sr B. — 1IT.J4
LAP lem Ss.lOl — ! UQ0«;> 104«i —
Mkt-sC G.Bs.ll« — , (1912> 1141* —
Do lem 5».11«»4 — »SPC 1 eg Ss. — —
MV* MtT5s.l<«5 110 I Do atampd.lOS —
NRK or C6a.l0ttU — |S P B R 6a.l34% —
Do 3s lift* — tp V V.'at 6s.lO4%10A -
N P C It 5«.106\»— I Do 43 2dm-10O —
X~C Ry 8«.. — 112 t Do 4s 3dm. 9»*1 —
X C P C Cs. 99 — 1 Do g mtcls 99^ "—
N S R R 5s. 8*4 94 ;Stkn GJUQris. 93 — ¦ ¦•;
OG L.&H 5s. — 110 It; O AE3».lCaV, — •
0 W gtd 5s. — 10O |UR of SF is. d«% 57*4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa SO — (Port Costa... — —
Martn Co... — 59?s'3 V Wat Ca. — —
GA3 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 1% 4 !S F G * E. 36^ —
Mutual E Ll» 11 IStkn G» & E. — "\i
Pac L Co... — 60ii,C a A B Co. — .: — , .'
IXSURA-XCE.
F1r«n"s Fnd.310 S26 f
BANK STOCK3.
.Mn Ntl Bk..l.Trt — IL P ft A.... 130 —
Anglo-Cal ..S3 — filer Trest.... — 330
Bank of Cal. — 423 lilerch Ex.... CO —
Cal Safe Dp. 131 — IS F National. — —
First Natlonl — 370 I
SAYINGS BAXKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — (Bar A L. So.. — I»
Hum S & L. — — Sav Blc.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 10O {Union T Co.. — —
3 F Sav U.610 673 |
STREET R.\IUlO.U>a
California .. — 20O tf»residto 40 43
Geary — 40 t ...
. POWDER.
Giant «2 eSHJVlgortt ....— — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 74 74V..Makaw-!i C. 22*4 3S
Honokaa S C 19 19^ Onomea 3d— 33
Hutch S P C 13% 1« iPaauhaa S C. 21 —
Kilauea S C. 6 7x4]
MISCELLANEOtrS.
Alaska P A. 93 — {Oceanic S Co 4% —
Cal F C A. — 99^ Pac Aux FA. 4H —
1 Cal Wine A. 7«H 77 U! Pac C Borx.157 —
1IV4 MtTm. 80 102 [Pac 3 Tel ColOtf^ —
SALES.
Morning Session-
Board —
70 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 74 12*4
10O Honokaa S Co IS 73
50 Honokaa S Co 19 00
230 Hutchiraon S P Co 13 75 " r
323 Paauhau 8 P Co 21 00
CO Paauhau SPCa s 90 21 0O
5 Paauhau S P Co 21 25
SIS, COO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 8tt 9O
Street —
50 Anglo- Callfornlan Bank 88 50'
SO Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 74 23
50 Hutchincon S P Co. b 30 1.1 ST^
I I25.C00 Spring V Wat g* n mtg» 4s... 09 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 74 00
5O Honokaa 8 Co 19 75
50 Honokaa S Co. b 11 1» OO
200 Honokaa S Co. b 10 19 00
4-15 Hcnokaa S Co 19 0O
1 420 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 13 78
413 Hutchlnson S P Co 13 87 W -
; 340 Paauhau S P Co 21 0O -
100 Paauhau S P Co b 30 21 25
10 Pacific States Tel" A Tel Co 108 5O> •
33 S F Gas &. Electric 34 73
:« Spring Valley Water Co 33 23
,' 12.000 Ferries A Cliff H Ry 6a 114 50
I12.0CO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 38 73
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. A«k.| Bid. Ask.
I Bay CPC 6s. — 100^:3 p C P. 4s. 9$ 103
. B L. Wat 6a. — 114Vi S P Co 4^8.101 \ —
'Cal NW 3s,. 113 — (Sun Tel (to.. .1144 —
i M C Wat Cs.ino ' — 1 Do 5s ..^. .1C8
! Ris I WksSs — 1C5 f3uttr-st R3s.lO4 —
I SF Drdk 5s. 112 — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
1 Ala S Co... 2S*i — iLon<& SF Bk. — 83
: Amer BU Co — 90 iMat Nav Co. 62H 85
' Cal Cot Mils 80 — |Nev Nat Bk.200 — '
I Cal G&ECor. 50 — IN Cal P Co. 8% 10
I C Jockey Ci.llO — JOak Bk Sav.120 —
1 Cal Powder. 130 143 JOak T.Con.. 75 —
I Cal Ship Co. ~- 21 »TOOF Hall A <i% —
i Cat T I A T. — 155 dOrpheum Co. — I«t4
«en Bk. Oak — 70 uPaoC Cas Co.123 —
! Chutes Co .. 5 « !l>a.c Sur Co. 105 —
i City & C Bk — 120 iP&raf Paint.. 39 — ' .
i Cyp L Imp.. 8 «'i'3 F Drydock. — CT ¦
1 East Dynm.. — 373 (SF*SJ Coal. 17^ 2p
DptPwd pfd. — 95 ft 8 J Wat CtxlOSH — v
Do com ..40 — T SO A MTgbt.125 —
I FN Bk. Oak.120 — [So Pac Co. . . 85 — .-
Fischer Thtr — lXi'Swins-A Bk..n3*4 — v
Frnch-A Bk.106 — Truck Elect.. 11 12«4
Ga« Con A.. 1H. 20 iVTl InC pfd. M 63*4
Hono P Co.. 29 — / Do com ,.. 17 —
j Do pool .. 29 31 f
! California Stock and OH Exchange.
' Stocks^ — Bid. Asked. -•
1 Apollo 4rt "..... V
California-Standard :. in IS
: Hanford 1S5 0O -
I Home 60 53
i Independence 33 33
Junction 15 18 :
Kern (new) ..... 30 ¦"
j Kern River T BO, 12 Oft
j Marlcopa ..... 2O
{Monarch of Arizona ......... ...... ; 40 -
' Monte Cristo 73
'Oil City Petroleum 85 79
: Sterling 2 00 2 40
; United Petroleum ....". 100 00 .....
Miscellaneous — ! ' * *-•
1 Cypress Lawn Imp. Co ...... CM
SALES.
'• Morning ?essioa.
Board—
! 100 Junction V .......,. M . M^» IS
45 Junction - IT,
¦ 1CC0 Occidental. ¦ S — «•..*.•.•* 08..
Afternoon Session.
Board — . r-'" ?~£Z~,
.V> Kern Rirfr ...~....— 1» flO
CS.1 Occlii'Jital i in itMM»«t 'OB
BOO Junction »* ~. -13
Sllntes Stocks. 5 D
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHAJCrm
' Following were th» sales on th« San Fr«3>.
Cisco Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
Morning Session — CotnatockJi
"0O Andes 2«( 75O Mexican l|S
I 100 Belcher 23i 6CO Ophlr » 30
"OO Belcher 28i 230 Ophlr .2 85
600 Bullion 25* JOO Overman ..... ,15
"CO Bullion 28UIO0 Potosl - 33
! 200 Challeng» ... 17| 2S» Savag* 40>
: 400 Chollar ...... t3i 1100 Savage .41
, :{00 Con Cal A V.I 83' 500 Sierra Sw 4»
5m Crown Point.. 19 : 300 SHt^t KU1.... 3T
¦ 60O Hal« A Norc.l 231 10<> SHt.t Hill.... 3»
: 30O Hale * Norcl S<V 60O T'nlon Con *&
! 1300 Justle* 05i 100 Union Con.... 3i>
\ • Afternoon Session — Comstorks. . 7-V
i 5C0 Andes 2S| 6CO Mexican 1 ft>
' oco Alta -0*1300 Ophlr 2 40
¦ «co Belcher U«! 100 Overman" ..... 15.'
i 20O Bullion 231 3CO Potosl 20
. 400 Caledonia .... 80> 4<v> Sarmge .; 3«
' 2600 CholUr .-. 20', 5CO Sierra. IC*r.... 48
I 4CO Con Cal * V.I W 5CO. Union Con.... !W
i *»00 Crown Point.. *19| 200 Union Con.... 57
: 300 E Sierra Nev 04* 20O Utan . . . : . O»
SOO Hale ft Norc.1 10( 3C0 Tellow Jacket. 1?
I 700 Kentuck 02!
J CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask:
, Alnha ...... 12 14! Julia C6 07
' \ ta .... 06 07:Justlce ,05 0«
Vnd<^." .24 2«:Kentuek -02 OS
Belcher""... 23 27jL«dy Wash ., "• 02 - «T
• Best A Belch.1 15 I 201»tlcan 1 1.V1.2O"
BulHon 24 25'Occldental ... SO 9Z
Caledonia .... 47 4.<?'Ophir 2 30 2 40
Challengs ... 17 IS Overman 14 U
Chollar 19 =0!Potost V> £
Confluence ... 88 SatPccrpion «« 07
: Con Cal 4 V.t 80 1 JC.Savcge -T4 33 ,,
.Con Imperial. — 01:S?g Belcher... C5 07 I
Con NT <W C4' Sierra. N>t..-.. 47 *<*
rrown Point.. IS WSIlver Hill.... . S3 S7
Eureka Con.. — SO! St.. Louis .,.. — iN
F.xchequer ... 50 52:?vndicate .... C1 05
T. Sierra Nev 03 OR'Trnlon Con 37 W
Ooold A Cur. 2G i 1 ? Utah OS C9
Hal« A Norc.l C3 1 tOt Tellow Jacket, lfr 1>
j TONOPAII AND GOLDFTELD STOCKS. .
Morning Session.
: 500 Gold Anchor. 21 [ 200 Sandstorm .....'SO
I 10O Mont Ton . . .1 73|lO0O Silver Pleit .. 1<*
! 1000 N T T Con. 11UC0O Ton Ohio .... 33
i inOO Paymaster .. «"« IPO Ton of X?r. .< 75
100 Ray & O'Brien TS
Afttrnocn Session.
lOOO Blue Bull ... I": ."Cf» Sandstorm,... 30.
"OO Ooldfl^ld «! SOO Sandatonn . . . 3T '
5CO Jumbo 31'80OTon Gold Mt. • 10
100O Kendall 25^. -TOO Ton X Star. ..-iT
100 Mont Ton..! 77Hi ICO Ton of Nev. '.8 7S
10OO N T T Con. 11'IOPO Silver Pick ... 19
300 Ray * O'Brien 07'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Ton of Nev.. — 9 OOTRescae — -07
Mont Ton --..I 75 I *>.Ton * Cal 18 13
Ton Extern -.1 *S 2 00,'Ray * O'Brien ,. — 0T
MacNamara . 23 25 Paymaster ... 04 0«
Ton. Midway.. SO .V,X!tt!e. Ton -.4= -.
Ton Belmont. «« fcKEiperanza .... 01 01
Ton N Star. . . 2S .WOold Anchor. . — 21
¦ Ton Ohio .... — »°. ut «. c y ••••••• U —
West End ... 14 — IN T Ton Cob. — - It
Ton Gold Mt. 15 IT!
The New Wk wires of E F. Huttcn &
Co yesterday said: , ,h
STOCKS—Tht under!: ir.g str.-ngth o. tn*
ft» k rj-kc »a« or.ee more exhib.te<l to-aaj.
so:«;thsta.ndiu<r the surfJuae app'arance of
trrtgulano. I'.-ic«* <Jid not move in unifon
mmnj profit-taking sa!*? caus!r.g a set baclc
a sorr.e cr'ft.onj while otntr issues wn.cn
be^n :a«ari» fending absorption of
mLLizteg* tatfi to the front. The continu
ant cf bu'.hth temper, notwiihstanfilng an
ad%ance in money to 4 per cent, wm largely
fiue to the raanif««tation of further confluence
b> bnportaBt interests In United States Steel
stocks Colorado Fu^l peered six points ad
\ancear.d was heavily boujtht by interests o.
LBuicrtanc*, not only on the view of Its
frterx!:> relations with the United States cor
po'£*ion but en the value attached to the
r:*nt. Th« RotkefeUer-Gould interests in
this company who are the sole owners to
day. ;t:J v^ry high prices for the control,
ar.i It ts reasonable to believe with the out
look in the stetl business this security wiil
get back to its old level and dividends wiil
then be in order a«a.ir..
COTVjN —Tt^re wai> a good active market
in cotfcn to-day. with a large volume of
butlces> a*-i a poc«l s»lr.«r to price*, making
the rr.ark*t a Rood one for scajptne opera
tloc*. The outlook in our opinion is for a
«tea£;er market than we have had lately. It
Is eb^oiut^ly certain beyord peradventure that
our whoie country is to experience an incSus
tr.a! t'loir. thi* ;ear. end the cotton Inquiry
urquestiDrab'.y will come to the front sooner
or ater ar.'i Vnare with the great
that it new poing on in the Iron and eteW
traie. Tri* unquestionably means a much
larger ;norea*e tn the world's consumption of
cotton, and there Is every probability that the
» r« «;.indl»? this year win c»r.«un-.e
11 00.000 bales of American cotton, while on
the o:h«r hand there is no assurance what-
Cr .t at the crop will exceed 11.250.000 bales.
H'noe »• would rtther a"3vis* adhering to the
buu *;d<=.
EBstena Raisin Market.
.&•* raz.ll advices Jrora. New York say of
Ralslue:
"In the Rsj.«:n market the feature was the
a - Dnoejaefit ly tome coast packers of an
in*-* in jrtees due to th«j higher co»t of
goods m the »»eatbox. In Feme instances the
f fancy n«w crop ccast seeded was
raised a 'i^-i cent & pound tr> «54c f. o. b.. but
a - bm brarscs the seller* were satisfied with
an advance of ha'f a cent. At the moment
bu;.«-rs h»re are not interested in future ship
renif. fcu: ther* i* a good d»-al of anxiety
• -t the <2*iay in delivery of new crop seeded
'.s that nho-Jld have reachM fcere a week
or rr.or* s:nc- had th» coods been shipped at
t!:. time called for b> the contracts. The
current moderate arri\al«= consist partly of
l:.':: .-ror> Kaiyine. and where th^se are freshly
seeded th^y cive t-atis.'aotion. There is. how
e\cr. tB"rc cr Irs? trouble over 1904 seeded
rtock now coming forward, and rejection* on
quality ar* b»!n? made. Tfci* fs not true of
a"! delivtrief cf new crop seeded, some of
ttrm showing very fine quality. Some la
<3u;r> fpr Fr'Ot k»se RsJfins ppa noted yester
day, but th»re are S«w hsre. Th*- coast mar
k"t.i»i teneir^ upward en loofe fur the same
r»»«-n ac that »hicb is #iffpot!ng seeded and
fr -..v hoiacr* have fixed 4h«r f. o. b. quota'
ti :r.s at -¦!'-<¦¦ for two crowns. 44c fcr three
1 rowT* £nd 5<" for four crowns. The latter are
psc<t-<!ir^iy scarce this year and ail packers
¦rt .-aid Co 'v- having difficulty in filling or
ders "«r tbat grade. Irr.p<>rt»<l Malaga Raisins
ar» trite: ;r.g with a pnod cercard and are firm.
Cabie* Crena Cref-c*- report that the marker for
rr mpt sfclrment Currarn shows an upward
t»>n'leni->. The demand for both cleaned and
Uii'.iesr.ed ¦> act!\e here ar.d prices are firm."
Shipments of Salmon.
Th» Rhlpraeata of ra.'.Tr.jn frcm San Francisco
rv ft. in October. 1K>4. were as follows:
To — . Cas*a. PVg-s. Values.
rr.cisnd 121.162 ... $51.1.«52
Au?tra:a5ia I4.QC8 235 65.S.S2
Hiwaiiar I'las^p 2.4"» 6S1 16.0S4
Other Pacts'- Inland*. «8 80 3,673
UesfCO 25« 9 1,018
Central America 110 ... «06
P^-vttii Arr.rrlca «J* ... 2 237
I'hui LS» 3 4.917
E«« In-lies SIS ... 3.343
Pfafllpffloc 1-lsrfi .. 2.^ 1,1T<5
Japan 5 ... 20
S=>uth Africa 100 ... 5*4
Tri!.:ia.i Islz-A 200 ... 7«0
Jamaica 50 ... 225
Totals 142."62 1.01S $i*13.SSS
Octcb*r. :•«?¦ 26!>.719 3.956 $1,345.1^5
The total for Otober. VAXZ. Included ia,S29
rai=e* and 2",V. paf-kap»-?. valued at $7*.5fl<3. for
>.'•»¦ Y. rV. »-.d !4'» barrp!s. vaiued at $2000. for
Minnesota. The Fhipmenrs to England in that
month »¦«» 2"--J,l«7 cases, valued at $1,129,
603.
The «uar.titi«.« »peciaed as packages repns
•eci jkickied Ssh in barrels, half-barrels,
tierces, kegs er.d V!t^.
EASTERN' 3IARKETS.
Xexr York Stock Market.
NETT TORK. No-r. 2S.—An irregular move
cier.i of r^res cf stocks to-day reflected th«
mixed proSt taking and new speculative caa
pciga going os. £tjcita which were whipped up
li-to rajiid advance last w«*k were sold to tn»et
the new outsifle deir.and attracted by these
movecients. At oth«r points there ¦were new
.-*.-. : advances acd large dealings. Specula
tive istfrest tnd *ntfcusi«8m were dernonstrat
«d to be aweJce an4 eager and the flays busi
ness at the stock Exchange waa larg»» and.
varied. The actual newe affecting property
vaium wm nr>t plentiful or important, and was
very little regarded. The one point in th»
general situation to which importance *eems
to b« attached is the money market- Rates
w«t» not appreciably relaxed to-<lay, but of
ferings seemed sufficient at th« rates ruling
to satisfy the rrlncipal demand. The buying
cf stocks accordingly proceeded side by side
wlih the selling to realise, sometimes in the
ta:-- ctocks and sometime* in a. way to cause
civercent priae mo\-ia«it« in different stocks.
The Cty* <3""\»Ir)rni?r.ts pointed to exemption
from furthT irith-JrawaJi of gold for Buro
peaB accour.t. Ttie price of gold was reduced
in Londor. ar.d Sterling rose at Berlin and
1'arts, while weakening Here. Selling of
et'jcks b*r« for I>jndon account did not arrest
the downward course of sterling exchange.
liates for time loans her* were reported steady
to firm, but did not rUe above 4 per cent for
thirty to «lxty days. The present level of th»
iatervet rate ic relied upon to attract offerings
tar trurt company tOOOa and it is possible for
the t>a.r.ki to go on contracting loans while th«
trust otir.parnes am outiidf bar.ks are lending,
without affertlrg greatly the money rate as
has been choten for MveraJ week* past. Trans
fers through the subtnsMury to San Francisco
and New Orleans took ieOO.OGO from the
money market e^d th* subsidence of the
monthly tide of pension pejinents increase*
the drain to that institution. Bidding by New
York bankers for Ow $4,0110,000 of new Cleve
lSTifl and Plttaburg stock and th« Epeyers* an
njruncen^r.t that they would finance th» Grand
Trunk Pacific extension thow the absorpUon
of investment fund«. and. with the continued
activity of the rr^cuiaticn. make It clear that
the volume of i-redlt obligations is still ex
randinr. Railroad ofacia!« rer*>rt*d a fur
ther lance exxw.nsion of trafflc. tout th« grain
movement continued small and corn Is still
bark-ward.
Iron and «te*l industrials were etron; with
t.nitcd States Steel rwferr^l the enly Import
tar.t exception, and it was sold persirtently
Amalgamated Copper wa> w«k, but recovered
rtprryly. Tb«- Parlflc and W»«f-m railroads
were under rather pronounced pressure and
there wrre backward p«rfnt* here and there in
the railroed list R»-nerally. Centrally the day's
princtral ram« mu« be inurht in the list of
rpedaltiey. The market closed irregularly un
<lfr -th? influence of a late rise in call money
rates to 4 per o*nt.
Bends were irregular. Total sales ip^ T
value*, f 10.100.00O.
T>iltml State* bonds were unchanged on call;
N>w York Stock Ust.
E. F. Hutton A Co.. *»0 California street,
K*n Fran^'.^co. members of the New York
Stock Exchange. furnW;h the following official
fjuctatlcn* cf ¦ that Exchange:
"ga>!. ! STOZKs! IHighLow.l Bid. I Ask.
Copper .-! Rmi 7»u| RlVi! sii,;
,..;...'in Can.Co i ,.! 10»i| II
.......J Do pfd ....;..! I Mi? B5
CS0O>« Cor & F>- Co] S4>4 S3%| S3jii 24
Stocks and Cotton.
3%c: Seeded, 4%t?6Vic: Thompson's Seedless.
4U'S44c: Seedless Sultanas 3»4c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 120
13c; No. 2. l*Sllc; No. 1 hardshell. 13c;
No. 2 10c: Almonds. 16®17c for Nonpartels.
14®14Vjc for I X L. 1346144c for Ne Plus
Ultra and lie for Langnedoc: Peanuts. 6©7cfor
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50^5:
Chestnuts. 7@9c per lb for California and lift
•124c for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. 114®13c for white and lfrf
lie for amber; water whl(e extracted. 54®
6c; light amber extracted. 5{?ohc; dark, 2*J
44c-
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues quiet and without va
riation.
-CURED MEATS — Bacon. 104c per lb for
heavy. lO^Jc for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 144o for sugar-cured:
dry Salt Sides 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. ' 124S12*4c; California Haras.
l 4> fil2Hc; M«« Beef. $10@10 5O per bbl; extra
Mess $10 50® 11; Family. $12«12 50; prim*
Mess' Pork $14 50: extra clear. 122; M«sa.
$16 50; Pig' Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb. - ' '
Lard — Tierces quoted at 640 per lb for
California compotxnd, -7c fcr Eastern compound
and 9S94c for pure: half-barrels, pure. 9V44^
9%c: 10-U» tins. 10«4c; S-lb Una. 10%c; 3-Ii
— One half barrel. 8%c; thre*
half barrels. S4c; one tierce. 8%c; two Uerces,
8t;c; five tierces. S&c per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culla and brands Mil
about 4Slc under quotations, rieavy' salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. »4c; Cow
Hides. 94c for heavy and »4c for light;
Stags 7c! Salted Kip. 104c: . Salted VeaL
lie- Salted Calf. 114c; dry Hides. 174e: dry
Kip 15c; dry Calf. 20c: Sheepskin*, shearlings.
"5©40c each; short Wool. 40@65c each; me
dium. 75@90c; long Wool. $101 50; Bors«
Hide3 salt, $3 for large and $2,30 for
medium $1 50(82 for small and 6O0 for ColU;
Horse Hides, dry. 11 75 for large and $1 i'&9
1 50 ror medium. $1 for small. 30c for Colt*.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican 25c; dry Central American. 30c: Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do.
$1 25- large 50c; medium. 33c; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. '4®44c p«r lb;
1 No 2 SV<c: Grease. 24©3c.
WOOL— Fall cllp-*ean Joaqoln and South
ern 9®llc: Southern, 8S9c; Southern Maun
! tain 9311c; Middle Counties, fr»e. 12@14c.;
1 dj defective. 10(S12e; Northern Xr«e. 12^14;;
do defective 10^ 12c: Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 16013c "per lb
HOPS— 1904 crop. 29®32c per lb.
3Ieat Market.
The whole market opened the week firm,
with higher prices -for Mutton and Lamb and
narrow advances In Beef. Ther« was no
change In Veal. The market for Hogs con
tinued at the recent advance, with ar
rivals moderate.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 4®54c per lb
for Cows. •
VEAL — LarK>? e©7Hc: small. 7©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 768c; Ewes. 64@7c pet
! pound.
LAMB— «4e94e per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 64£?4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco. . less 408
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7*46740; Cows and Heif
ers, 34#?64c; thin Cows. 4JJ3c per lb.
CALVES — 4®44c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3463%c; Ewes. 3 £3 He
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50#2 75 per head.
: HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 to 250 lbs, 4*4©4TJje;
I 130 to 200 lbs, C$5*4c : 80 to 130 lbs. 4^@4%c:
I poft Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 5O per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
I off from above quotations. *
• General Slerchandlse.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 3% l &54c spot and 6<
for next year; Wool Bags, 30Q32C; Fleect
j Twine. 74o.
COAL — Wellington, *S per ton: New Wei
: llngton. $S; Seattle. f6 50: Bryant. $6 30;
Beaver Hill $5 SO: Roslyn *7; Coos Bar.
$5 60; Richmond. $7 .*0; Cumberland. S13 In
bulk and. $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracUe.E**. $14: Welsh Anthracite Ekx. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 SO: Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke, :
$11 50@13 per ton in bulk and 415 In aackj;
: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 50 per short
ton.
OILS —Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 51c per gallon for boiled and ;
49c for raw; Castor Oil In cases No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases |1 10®l 12; Lncol. 50c for
bollfd and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. eases. ;
I 63@80c per gallon; Cocoanut OH. In barrels.
! 53c for Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra !
. bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natcral winter
• Sperm Oil. «3c; extra bleached winter Wtaal«
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52e: extra wlnt-r
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Otl. 65c;
purt Neatsfoot Oil 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; lijrht Herring "Otl 42c; dark H»rrln« Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish OH. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
OH. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In buT*.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases 194c; Astral. 194c:
Star. 194c; Extra Star 224c; Elaine. 2«c;
Eocene 214c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; In cases. 224c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c; In cases, 194c: So-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c: In cases 31c.
I TURPENTINE— 75c p*r gallon In cases and
j 69c in drums and iron barrels.
i RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead, 7%9
! 7»ic per lb; White Lead. 7V497?4c. according?
to quantity.
j 3UGAR —The Western Sugar Refining Com-
I pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. fl.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. «.10c; Dry
I Granulated, fine. 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
j 6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
I (100-lb bass only) 3.90c; Confectioners' A 60:
Magnolia A. 6.6Oc; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
j 5.40c; "D," 5.30c; barrels. 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 90-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets —Half barrels,
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. A E. Crystal Dcrainoa,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than »ev- '
•aty-fiv* barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28.
j Flour qr sks... 4.043!Brandy gals 600
i Wheat ctls 5.72ftWine, gals 73,000
: Barley, ctls 9,595!Raisins, bxs M
! Corn (Wost) ct!« l,SnO!Qulcksilver. fl*ks. 4
-. Rye. ctls 65|Wool. bale* 227
Sujrar. ctls 6.300; Hops, bales 145
1 Tallow, ctls 275 Hay tons 833
i Hides. No 1.270f Middlings aka ... 300
Pelts, bdls 8e5!Bran sks 150
Leather, rolls .. 128 Onions, sks 631
j Paper, rolls 1.270;Potatoes, sks 10.97+
Lime, bbls 436|Beann. sks 742
WASHINGTON.
Flour <jr sks.. .14,42»!Oats. ctl« 10.021
Wheat. ctU lO.COOj
STOCK MARKET.
Sujrar Stocks Still Firm and Leading
the Market.
The sugar stocks continued the favorites yes
terday and were strong, with liberal transac
tions, Paauhau advancing to $21 25. Since this
; stock was placed on the market In 1339 It has
j paid 1940,000 in dividends. Hawaiian rose to
• $74 25 and Honokaa to $19. The other stocks
I were firm as a rule. Pacific States Telephone
! and Telegraph advancing to $106 50 and Anglo
j Californian Bank to $38 50. • There was moder
; ate business In bonds.
j The oil stocks were quiet, as usual. Ther»
! was a fair business in the mining stocks, with
] not much variation in quotations. -
Recent OH dividends are: Imperial, regular
', monthly of 20 cents, or $20,000, and Thlrty
throp. regular monthly of lo cents, or $10,000.
• both payable December 6.
The Alaska Packers' Association yesterday
', paid a monthly dividend of 73 cents per share,
which will b« the regular rate until further
, notice. Previous dividends were $1 per share.
i The Amalgamated Copper Company paid a
1 regular quarterly dividend of 4 per cent yes
terday.
The Andes mine yielded 10 cars of or* assay-
Ing $26 per ton In geld from the 175 l»val last
week acd shipped the same amount to the Kln
' kea:l mill.
The yield of the Silver Hill mine last week
I was 195 cars of ore assaying $13 2O per ton In
; gold. A sold bar valued at $1234 %9 was
i shipped.
! The New York Stock Exchange has stricken
j from its list the preferred and common shares
1 of the Denver and Southwestern Railway Com
pany- The securities were foreclosed under the
tefrms of the company's recent reorganization.
I The Wall Street Journal says: United Rai!
j roads cf San Francisco, all of whose stock Is'
I owned by the United Railways Investment
1 Company, has earned the full 4 per cent'dlvi
! dend on the preferred stock In the nine months
' ended September 30. The preferred stock divi
dend, of, course, all goes to the Investmnt
Company and amounts to 5 per cent on ¦ the
prefem-d stock of the parent company. -
The Twenty-flve Oil Company has levied an
assessment ot -e. delinquent January 14. and
, the Santa Eulalia Exploration Company one
! of 5c. delinquent November 12.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
j MONDAY. Nov. 28—2 p.. m.
1 UNITED STATES BONDS.
! " , Bid. As'4.1 . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lO«H10rt»ii4s qr cp new.1304131
1 4s. qr reg..-106H10C%|3s qr coup.. .1044 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS." ¦
' Ala A W 5s. — — lOak T Co 6s.l2O«4 —
Asso Oil 58.834— I Do 5a Ill t t 11.34
Bay CPC Bs.101 10341 Do con 5s.l03\ —
Cal C G 5s.l02%103 Oceanic S 5s. «1 —
Cal G & E g I Om Cable 09.1204 —
m & ct os. — - — |Pae G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-Bt C 5S.114 — IP E Ry 5s.. — 1O4«
C C Wat 5*. 96 — P AC H 6s. 104 . —,-
EdL & P «s. - 128 P 4 O R 61. - —
F & C H 68.114U — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — I Sac EG&RSs.lOO 100&
H C&S 54S.105 — JSF.& SJV5S.11S4 —
Do 5o ....100U101 (Sierra R d, - —
Hon R'T fls.lO44 — IS P of A 6a
L A Elec 5S.W3 — I <19C9> I0» —
L A Ry 6s..1164 — I (1910> 110 —.
1.900, Do pfd ! | ] 93 j W4
a».Am Cott-» Oil.. I 34^i 34 | 33i.a| 34"4 I
loo, Do ptd 1 'J4i»: y4Vai «3 I 94«*j I
[Am L>ist Tel | , | 30 1 82
3<><>;Am Express ....215 ,215 ;215 |21&
4* An Or Twine Co j lo | 9%\ 11 I HVi
TuUAm Uide &.L-.| UW, M i »- i »'* |
K»t'i Do pld j SJj^i 3b 1 *! 3J»i»l 3v>» j
2,ijO American Ice ..[ 9»- t l ' 8HI * I yL * '
4,t*uoj Do pfd 1 39^, 3s-,iti 3*j%, aa** '
100 Am Linseed ; 16^: l«h| Wii 1 '»'> '
[ Do pfd 1 1 1 39 I 4^
14.1<iO Am Locomotive. I 'M\ 3Z%[ 35"fci 30
3.0<X>i Do Pfd jlO4L 2l l(>3%ll0;» |1O4
4U0;Am Malt '¦ 7m ti^j 6H t>"*
3.4W Do pfd j 27T 8i 27*1,; 27Vsl 27?*
'Am Sm & Rf Co' 82?«i tsl\\ Sl=v 4 | «
i do ptd '....:! iiisv4!ii4
lS,5Kr>.Am Sugar 149', 147» 4 ,14S 1*S«4
i Do pfd I ' ,13'i 1 133
aiUAm Tel & T CO. His 146S114S (150
,Am 'fob pfd ...j.,..., |1<7 (14S
2.2HO Am Woolen ; 24 1« 23^1 23**1 24 .
300, Do p!d ©4 ; 'J4 j 93 [94
tJOO Anaconda IW 114*4jl»H JM
lUOjAr.n Arbor 1 34 -, 34 | 34 37
Do pfd .: i ! ** ¦ £* .
A T & S F....| SSHi SS'ii «*%' M^»
i Do pfd -104 ,103 |iaj'«|l'H
7,700 Bait & Ohio. ...; 87 j96%;9«»; 9«-»
100, Do pfd ! j I 83^ 94i*
.")Bay State Gas..i | I l * J»
26.600B P, T ; «S\j te 1 * 66bi «S%
Brook Un Gas..; | j21S ,222
Looo'Bjtterick Co ...; 5S*ij 57t 4 i 5SH| 60
i«0i> Canada 5o ; 7*ji " j 7- j 8
14. 10U Canadian Pac ..,135 |134=S 1,134% jl34!i
9.100C & O I 5oV; *3 T bi 49 " s I 50
3X)C & A 44ljj 43H| 41 T, 44
,' Do pfd 1 I 63 I 85
C tc E I pfd ; !13O 1145
f C I * L pfd I I 60 ! 90
15,70>.iC & G W 20«»i 2f>Hi 25% 254
1.700! Do pfd A 74V 7a 73 75
1.8O0, Do pfd B ! 38% 37\ 38 39
I Do debs ', 89 91
5.2OOC & N W .'2O4V2O0 ! 2O4% 205
300 C M & St P....1175 173*;|174H 174^
f Do pfd |182 [1S4
B4.900 C R I & P (new)' 37^ 37 37 [ 37V4
10a«, Do pfd I S6^ 85^1 S5^ S5*4
...:... Do 4« -..! 62 S24
SOOJChlca^o Term...! 15 Hj 15 ! 15 H 15 H j
1.600^ Do pfd ; ST^4| M!4 26»fc! 2CH
SOOlChicago Un Traci 14V.1 IS ! 13% 13V*
300' Do' pfd j 4(i<.,i 46 44 ! 45
• 2.300C C C & St L ..'.83V*! S7«41 K9U Sfltj
I Do pfd 1 1112 . 116
Cleve Lor & W..i ..-! 70 R0
I Do pfd 1 190 120
71.3CO.Colo Fuel & Ironi 5S^ 02^1 B8K 5S?i
100 Do pfd ! JK>m PO<! 92 ! 62S |
3.100 Colum H C & I.J 16%, 16 | 16% 16*»
'Colorado So I 22*,! 22S-;! 22*i' 23
700; Do 1st pfd ...; S8HI BS | 68% 59
200; Do 2d pfd 36 ! 36 36 36»4
2.7rMJConsol Gas 21C4^2I."H'215ai!216
2.20O Cos Tob pfd.:....'1294il2S T «:i29 I129V4
2.6nO.Corn Products .. ZlS'i -^*i' 23 T s l -4
l.SOO: Do pfd ( Slii] Si' j -SI Ml*
1.70^; Del &. Hudson .. 1SJ>*» -lS?J*i!l.SS»; 1S8
200 D L 4 W ...... S3 4 S8 f 87 ."41" " I
ftOTt D A R O -JI3 I 82*4 32*4 88H
800 Do pfd 60^ 66^ S6H S6*i
: Des M * Ft D 24 25
BOO Detroit Un Ry .. 79 ' 7S T »! 79 79^
1.4i*o Detroit So 7H 7 j 7U 7^
e.OOu Do pfd S04: 29 1 29 29«i
I Diamond Match J 1 1133 • 14O
«.«O0 DletU S«cur 88 36 SJ 38 1; 3S»i I
! Do bonds .....I..... 77 77"-*
400 Duluth £• S & A.. 13HJ 13 13 l 4 13S
200! Do pfd 26^4 1 26 >-, 25>4 M'-i
W7.30O;Eri« 41 4O?, 40^ 40%
7.40O ! Do l«t pfd ... 74'i' TH^ii 73% 74
5,000} Do 2d pfd j 5SS! 57 C7\»! 57%
E tc T H I «0 I «3'
Do pfd I SO S3
6.200'On Eiectrtc . . .-. 1193 (191 H 13O»4 192
1.000 Great No pfd ..'230 230 i218 2."5O
..: jGreens Con Cop ,4 I 29%! 30
'Havana Tob Co... 30^1 30%
! Do pfd I 4V,\ «
nOOHockln* Valley .J 85HI 55^5 f^i^
3C"«. Do pfd I 9fJ«4i ftO i 89^1 904
4S.1OO Illinois Central JlSSUilSSH ;i57H|157%
3O0[Inter Paper j 21 V l»Wi 2OAfc! 21
1.200, Do pfd I 79t4j 78 I 7'» 1 79U
300 Inter Power .'...! 60H C0<4' SS S«?i*
jlnter Pump ...i !...'. 4'^HI 41
200' Do rfd 86 I 86 fib £Stj
30ft Iowa Central ... 30 I 30 30 ' 3ni£
t Do pfd i [ I 564 57
.Too Kanawha A Mch! ."56 38 I 36 V 4O
ar*t-KC ftp & m pfd: ran s-n; S2«i| sn
200;Kan« City So...! 2i 27=t 2K ( 2S»i
1,000 ! Do pfd j 52 l 4i 51 52 52H
(Keolruk & Dos M. 16 18
ILaclede Gan 90
700;Lake E 4: West.. 40 3SV*< 3S ! 40
Do pfd ! 96 • !1O2
Long Inland .1 1 5S I «2
37. n*i Louis A N»9h:..:i424il3S4il41ti 142
2. S"X> Manhattan ,ieS',j!167*i!lC8 ieS>4
iManhat Beach | 914 11
2, 7C0 Metropolitan Sec. «2t4! W>4| J.14 82
'Met St Ky 123=41121% jl22ftjl22%
(Mexican Central. 234 22"^ 23 23%
500;M!nn & St I*.. 64*4 64% 64 I 65
I Do 1st pfd 92 j 08
W M. St P & S S M 91 i.9O i 004i 91
200 Do pfd 14? !145 1145*41147
2.000 Mo, Kan & Tex. 34 U I 334! 33a£| 33 T 4
fiOOj Do pfd 63%4j 63 63H| ft4
18. SCO; Missouri Pacific. lP9^i,'lCS«6 10««i 100
600' Nash, C & St L. 14% 134 14' 15
SOO'Natlonal Lead...! 2n»4( 23 V4 23«^ 24'i
I Do pfd 1 1 96 »7
JNtl R R M»x pfdi 424 43
4<V) National Blecuit.J Ko% l,:,K .".«« 55%
I Do pfd J ..114 115%
100 N>w Jersey (191 ISO lint |l92
700, N Y Air Brak©..|l«4 l«3*i|l«0 |163
16.400 New ..York Cen.. 138% 136^ 137Sil:l7%
500'N T.'C A St L.t 414 41% 41 41%
400| Do M pfd 75 75 74 75
'New York Dock 23 30
IN T. N HA H 105% 196
1,400 ( N T. Ont A W. 43 42% 42% I 42%
(Norfolk A We«t 7«%l 75 I 7«%f 76%
LlOO; Do pfd 03 92 90 | 94
?. 700 North American. 104 4 11034 1 lor, Uo«%
19. 000 Northern Eec«... lSO^Ilig 119T»I12O
200:Omaha 159 jlSS |157 15S
Do pfa '1S7 195
'O S L 4« iia'5% 101%
eOO;Padne Coast 77%! 76%j 77 7R
I Do W pfd 1 99 105
1 Dold pM SO S3
700 Pacific Mall 45«4I444 45 45%
169.800 Pcnn R R Co... 137*4 13C% 137% 137%
SS.lOOiPeople'a Gas 110%'lCO 110% 1104
IPere Marquette. 1 75 80
IP, C, C 4 St L. 1 76 77
Do pfd .,... 107 109
5.200* Pre«J«M Steel Car 41 4! 40% 41% 41%.
l,900i Do pfd 014 90% 904 01'
I Pullman Car Co 2SS "40
2.M*VRy Steel Springs 33% 334! 33% 31%
3.2001 Do pfd...; 92 90 80% 01%
27, GOO] Reading 76% 7«5Vi 7«Vi 76 iS
100 Do 1st pfd 87% 874 8"4 ssi;
1 Do M pfd 7$»4 79%'
RIVVRepubllc S & I.. 1SU 17% 18' 18%
BOO Do pfd 734 72 71% 72
6.400 Rubber Goods... 254 -4 244 24%
300! Do pfd 904 fiS 80" 914
200 ( Slofs S S A I Co 62% «2% 62% 624
100! Do pfd 100 100 99 101'
st j & a 1 j 164 1-4
Do 1st pfd 6G GO'
Do 2d pfd 2S4 294
100 SL A PT 1st. pfd 77H 77«,i 76' 7S
1.400t Do 2d "pfd 6S4| 6S 67% 68
l.OOOlSt L A S W...I 26 25% 2"» 25%
. 3.000 Do pfd M 53!i 54 54%
' 28.100 Southern Pacific «8 • 67V. 67% «7%
ISo Pac pfd 1174 H7U 117% 117%
64.500:Southern Rallwy 36VI 35% 3STA 36
2.OOOJ Do pfd 95% 05% 954! 95%
(Standard Oil ;..::. 635 \..'...
200'Stand Rope & T 4% 4% 4 • • 4%'
lO.KWTenn Coal A I. 77% 76% 76% I 77
300'Tcx Pac L T Co 3S^i 37 37%! 39
3.20o!Texas Pacific .. 37 36«4 .36% I 38%
(Third ATe ; : ...... 131 . |133
»»Tol Ry A Tr Co. 234 234 .234 24 •
900'Tol St L A W.. 31% 314 31^ 314'
1.0001 Do pM 52% 52H 52'4 524
200'Twln City R T.. 10GV«il0«V, HMV, 106*4
Do pfd ..J )1064'1064|
200IUn Ba« & Paper! 1241 124! 12% 124
100! Do pfd 175 175 172 I 75
47.o00!unlon Pacific ..U15%|115 |HR?i!ll54
500! Do pfd 95. 04% I 9441 04%'
I Do Conv 4«...j.....{ 1114 1114%
(United Copper ..I 1 »%l 10
50o;L' R of E F 19*4 19 19 I 194
l.aortf Do pfd 644! «34 044! 65
l.«OOiU S C»et I Pip* 17% 1. 1(1% l«% 17
9.100! Do pfd 774 74% 77% 77%
IU S Express 1121 125
«.2OOiU S Leather ... 14% 14%l 14% 14%
1.200! . Do pfd 054l 94% 95 I 05%
;- 1.3OO;U S Rubber I 34% (34 I 33%| 34
; 2.1O0! Do pfd j 92%l «2 I 9141 024
4»MlO\V S Steel Cor.. I 31«i| 2»%| S14I 31%
....... Do pfd .....\.\ »5Ut »4%f 94%| 94%
3.000iVa-Car Chm Co| 42 • | 41 | 41 42
6001 Do pfd ill4V4|113H!113ia 114
3,900;Wabash | 23*,| 23^ 23^ 24
#A>! Do pfd I 46 7 -sj 48Vi 4tl 43Vj
I Do deb Bs U | 69 (8%
jWells-Fargo Ex.! I |240 246
l,400;Western Union . 92^. 91%! 92 92<i
3.0Oi> Westinghouse ..1184 1S2 182U 1>*3
SOO.Do 1st pfd ;i9S^i ISM 194 193
iOOjW & L E j 21 21 I 20% 21
300 ¦ Do 1st pfd ) 48»i 47%!... j
200, Do 2d pfd 20U 29'-i 29^ 31 '
l,20f> i WIscocsln Cent.) 24U 23%' 24H 24<4 1
50y| Do pfd I 43-\ 48 | 47*;| 4SU j
1.770,750— Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg..l0Hi!L. £• N unified 4s.l03V»
Do coupon 104>4IMan con gold 4s.l<)5 j
' Do as res KMVjIMex Central 4s... 77 .
Do coupon 104»4l Do 1st Inc. . . .. 2ti% ;
Do new is reg.l3uHlMlnn & St L 43.. 07 j
Do coupon L3G%|3f K & Texas 4s. 103
Do old 4s reg.UWVit Do 2ds Sti^i
Do coupon IOC.4INR or Mex COO i* S2
Atch gen 4s 102 T giN Y C Ken 3US..101
Do adj 4s 04HIN J C gen r>s 135 'i [
Atlantic C L 4s. ifJii! Nor, Pacific 4s I05U I
Halt & Ohio 4»..103H,! Do 3s "5^
Do 3'?» ..I 00H!Nor & W con 4s.l0U« i
Central of Ga Ds.UJ^iOSL 4s £ partic.10:^ ;
Do 1st lr.c 90 |P.i eonv :«'<j8 10SH]
»"hea & Ohio 4Hs>.H/7^|Reading gen 4s.;.10z^ :
fiii & Alton 3'-.s. S2>i|.S L & I M con Ss.115 1 -'.. ;
C B & Q new 4?.lo034iS I, 4 S P ft 4s. 89Vi :
CM & SP gn 4s.lloai|St Louis SW lsts. 97'i
C & NW con 7*.12S'i|Soaboard A L 4». S>4'i .
C R I & Pac 4.=. 82^4[So Pacific 4s QC,%
Do col T>* »4S;!S.> Railway 5s....119h!
C.C.C & SL gn 4s.l02 T b |Tex & Pac I#ts..l2l i
Chi Term 4s 84 |Tol. St L & W 4s. S2 i
Corrs Tobacco 4s. SI **4 'Union Paciflo 4s. 106 I
Colo & So 4s S9 J Do conv 4s 115 |
! C F & I con 5s. H714" 1 !* S Stee! 2d 5s.. 91^4 i
! Den &. Rio G 4=.101M > l'"'abash lsts 11754
I Erie prior lien 4s. 101 til Do deb B tS% '
Do gen 4« 92 |W & L Erie 4s... S»2Vi !
I F W & D C lst?.lll |Wis Central 4s... 9214
Hock Val 4'-is...lim!
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20|L!ttle Chief \05-
65IOntario 3 OO
Breece 12'Ophir 2 25
Bron3 Con IS 1 Phoenix 13
Com Tunnel OSfPotosi 19
Con Cal & Va... 1 70!Savage 35
Horn Silver 1 55;?ierra Nevada 43
Iron Silver 2 OOlSmall Hopes 2«
Leadville Con 02iStandard 190
Boston Stock* and Bonds.
Money— I U S Steel 31 U
Call loans 3S-1'i! Do pfd 94? 8
Time loans 4?i5 iWesting Common. 92
Bonds — I Mining —
I Atchison 4s 102 lAdvenrure «Vi
; Do adj 4s 9:Oi!Allouez IS
Mex Central 4s... 77 tAmal Copper SI
Poiirnads — 'Amer Zinc 13 -i
Atchison 8S»4lAtlantlc ISM
Do pfd lOi« Bingham ,.. 37H
Boston & Albany. 2."i2 iCalumet & Hecla.eso
Boston & Maine. 1W> [Centennial 29
Boston Elev l-Vt^'Copper Range ... 71 3 4
Fitrhburg pfd 140 JDaly West 13*;
Mex Central # J2 >^!Dom Coal *!4
N Y. N H & II. .106 IFranklin 13
Pere Marquftte. . . 7." IGrancy 514
Union Pacific ll&ttllile Royal* 29>4
Miscellaneous — |Mass Mining .... h%
Amer An?e Chem. 19H' Michigan 9%
Do pfd 8.;v^ ! Mohawk 56i-i
Amer Preu Tube. 5'iiMont Coal & Coke 43$
Amer Sugar 14-SViiOld Dominion ... 2S
Do pfd 137 (Opceola 9."
Amer Tel & Tel. 14SH 1 Parrot 31%
Amer Woolen ... 2.'J*iiQuincy 118
. Do nfd 94 I Shannon 10'i
Dom Iron * S... IS [Tamarack 132
Ed Elect Ilium. .251 iTrinity 14*4
: r.f-a Electric 1»> [V S Mining: 2p»t«
Ms«s Electric 15'i'r S Oil 12
Do pfi <52 (TTfah 4.'.^
Ma?s Gas 47 (Victoria &U
United Fruit 107UiWinona 11
Un Shoe Mach... .*i7U.; Wolverine 1CS
Do pfd 31%f
London C!o«ine. Stocks.
Conn for money.. 88%|N Y Central 140lJ
Do for acct .'. SSHfcor * Western... 77
Anaconda 6 j Do pfd »4
Atohlson »0\i[Ont & Western... 4.1i£
Do pfd 1C6U!Pennsylvania 70V*.
Rait A: Ohio flsiilRand Mines 11^
Can Pacific IMS (Reading 30u,
Caes * Ohio l">i*t,! Do 1st pfd 45
Oh! Great West.. 27^1 Toy 2rl pfd 41
Chi. Mil & St P.17SX4 So Railway . Kr%
De Beers 15HI T>n nM 18^4"
Den & RIo-G :»*i So Pacific C8K
Do pfd SS^iL'nlon Pacific IIR-H
Erie 4i*i' Do rfd 97
Dry Ut pfd 75s;|U R SfeL .10^
Do 2d pfd...... 53 1 Do pfd W' m
IU Central 157^4 Wabash 2tU
T^ouls & Nash 14.1 ! Do nfd 4«Vi
M. K & T'xas... 54^4fSpaniJih 4.«i RS
Bar silver —Firm; 27 .1-16d per ounc«.
Money—262 V, per cent.
The rate of discount tn the open market for
short bills Is 3^3 1-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 3 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 28.— To-day's state
mei:t of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in tlje division of redemption, shows-
Available cash balance, $142,560,321; gold. $82
970.071. ,"
New York Grain and Produce.-
NEW YORK, Nov. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22.100 barrels r exports, 2300 barrels. Market
dull and lower.
I . WHEAT—Receipts, 50,300 bushels. Spot,
*a*y; No. 2 red, $1 19 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. ?1 20H, f. o. b. afloat; No. i
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Owing
to heavy world's shipments, big Northwest
anJ interior receipts, with active liquidation,
notably in December, wheat broke, over a cent
to-day. It finally rallied a trifle, hut closed
¦;@l>v,e lower. May, $1 10^<gl II 15-16. closed
$1 11?*; July. $1 W^l 03, closed $1 03; De
cember. $1 lti.
HOPS—Firm.
HIDES—Firm.
WOOL—Firm.
COFFEE —Steady. Th- market for coffee
! futures clos'-d steady at a net gain of 15 • to
[ 20 points. Sales, »12,000 bags, including: De
' comber, fi.SOigfl.OOc; January, 6.90<8>7.00c;
I March. 7.15®7.25c; May, 7.35®7.45c; Septem
ber. 7.751?7.R0c.
SUGAR —Raw. firm; fair refining:, 4Vic;
centrifugal. 9tt teat, 4«ic; molasses augar, 4c.
Refined, firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES—The market con
tinues quiet. Common are quoted at 3%<Zp
41',r; prime, 4v»gt4c; choice, S'gSVJc; fancy,
PRUNES— Senr. to be attracting a little bet
; ter attention. Quotations range from 2c to Co
! for California grades.
APRICOTS —yuiet. but not being urged for
¦ sale. Choice, 9H«il0c; extra choice, 10Vi^
¦ IOVjC; rancy. 11615c.
PEACHES —Are in practically the same po-
I sition. Choice, 9V4c; extra choice, 9H^10c;
j fancy, 10Vi<@Uc.
I Xe\r York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2S. —There was another
i sharp advance In the London tin market, where
spot closed at £136 10s and futures at £136.
I Th*> demand locally was light, but prices were'
I maiked up In most ¦ Instances, and quotations
I at the cione of the day ranged from $29 62Vfc«?
I 30 15. -~ ¦¦¦¦¦:
i Copper was a little higher abroad, with
1 London cabling spot at £«7 2a Cd. and futures
at £67 10s. Locally the market was quiet,
but showed a generally steady tone. Lake.
$14 87^4^15 12U: electrolytic, at $14 7&!ffl5,
and castlne at $14 50«¥14 75.
Most of the larger dealers held Lake at the
outside price quoted.
Lead was a shade easier In the London mar
ket, closing at £12 7s fid. but the local mar
ket remained steady, with quotations ranging
from ii 2U#4 70, the inside quotations for full
car lots.
Spelter was a little lower, with lead. In the
English market, where tzot closed at £25 2s
*>d. Locally the tore Is nrm at quotations
ranging from $5 ">Q.T, 97!j. • .
Iron closed at 53s 3d in Glasgow and 47s 9d
in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was firm.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Nov. 28. —The visible supply
of craln Saturday, November 26, as complied
by the New York Produce Exchange,- was:
Wheat :K5,Iia5,00O bushels, increase 2,196,000
bushels; corn 1.S52.00O bushels. Increase 309,-
C00 bushels; cats 24,322,000 bushels, decrease
92,COO bushels; rye J,670,000 bushels, decrease
5S.000 bushels: barley 6,033,000 bushels. In
crease 527,000 bushels.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2S.—From beginning, to end
the bears were In complete control of the sit.
uation in the wheat pit, practically every Item
of news being favorable to them. The weekly
statistics furnished the first disappointment to
the bulls. World's shipments, which had been
estimated Saturday at about 9.000,000 buahela
were In reality almost 12.000,0tX) bushels. The
amount on passage also showed a material in
crease. Liverpool was weak, prices there being
off about Vjd. Adding to the discomfiture of
the bulls, the movement In the Northwest gav«
no signs of abatement, receipts to.day being
much larger than for either the corresponding
day la«t week or a year ago. Initial quota
tions v.ere lower, December being off K&^c
to %6^c at $108% to $108%. May' Was
down H@Kc to,%c.at $109% to*$l'09%f>
1 09vi. A» the session advanced prices contin
ued to decline. Several prominent commission
houses became persistent sellers of the Decem
ber option. Part nt ' the gelling was due to
prospects of a break In the protracted drouth
in the Southwest, a dispatch from Kansas
City stating that rain or snow was : predicted
within-the next twenty-four hours.. Another
weakening Influence was the visible ;. supply
statement, which claimed an Increase of over
2,000,000 ¦ bushels. . In December the low point
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Su^nr Stocks X'crv strong on the local exchange.
New York Stocks irregular, some rising and others declining.
Silver higher. Sterling Exchange louver.
Wteal, Barley, Ocis and Corn not materially changed.
Bran and Middlings' firm. Hay steady. Beans quiet.
Potatoes ;;: heavy receipt and zi'cak. Onions fmn.
Xot much change in Poultry and Ga?tic. .-
Fruifs quiet, :nth Appleicnid Oranges weak.
Butter market recovering from its recent depression. Eggs lozcer.
Raisins and Dried Apricots firm at higher prices.
Provisions still inactwe everywhere.
Beef firm, Mutton and Lamb higher and Pork very strong:
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
II 15@1 17U; Chevalier. $1 1561 20 per ctL
of the day was reached at $1 06% and on May
at $1 CS^. On the buying, said to be for a
leader of the bulls, the market toward the
end recovered a portion of ¦ the loss. There j .
was also covering by shorts. The cloee. how- | '
ever, was weak. lViSl^c lower for December •
at $1 07%, and May was down %@%c. ,
Corn held firm. December closed HSVic up
at 4SHS'-*0c.
Oats were weak, but dull. December closed ,
Vs«r>4c lower at 31:S,!&31 1 <jC. j
Heavy receipts of hogs caused an easier tone ,
In provisions. Packers were credited with con
siderable sales, especially late In the day. At i
the close January pork was off ltJVaC, lard j
down 7*ic and ribs 507Uc lower. !
The leading: futures ranged as follows: *
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. :
December °'..~ 1 OS'S 1 08% 1 06vj 1 07W |
May 1 WA 109% 108% 1 OfK&
July ........... 9S% &»¦«, 07% 9S% ,
I Corn No. 3—
December 45Ti 49 49^ 49 j
iMay 45%' 46 45% 46 !
I July 45!« 46' 45% 4t> j
I Oats No. 2—
i November , >'¦ ¦*>%
'December 29% 2»% 20*4 -I** ,
I May 31»* 31% 31«s 31 »4
July 31% 31% 31*» 31H
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 W> 12 00 12 80 12 SO
JMay .. 13 0O 13 15 12 92% 12 95
1 Lard, per 10O lbs —
'January ....... 7 10 7 10 7 <£% 7 02>*
I May .: 7 27 fc 7 27H: 7 22Mi 7 22*,
¦ .Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
'.January .......•;«:. « C5 6 65 6 57%
j May »J 77'j 0 85 6 72^ 6 75
• Cash Grain and Provisions.
: CHICAGO, Nov. 28. —Cash quotations were
i as follows: Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat, |
i$l 00(01 13- No 3. $1 02#l 10; No. 2 red.)
! SI lOVSil 12%; No. 2 corn. SOVic; x o. 2 yel-'
! low, 56c; No! 2 oats. ."Wic; No. 2 white. 32c:
; No. 8 white, ao'ifSo'-c; No. 2 rye, 77c; good
feeding barley. :isc: fair to choice malting, 42
'<g51c- No. I ttaxseed. fl'12; No. 1 Northwest
! ern $1 1U- prime timothy seed, $2 70; mess
1 pork, per barrel. $11 BO©11 «0; lard, per 100 j
1 pounds %~tyi 02%; short ribs sides (looee), j
; $8 («">-.'g« 75- short clpar sides (boxed), $6 75# I
i 0 67^; whisky, basis of hitch wines, $1 L'i;
I clover, contract srad", ?12 25.
' Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels 41,000 ., 15,900
i Wheat, bushals --• ¦ 101,300 10S.10O
ll'orn. bushels «8.90<> 430.700
i Oats, bushels 0. 12tJ-i2?
Siriej^ bushels •::.:. 142.800 49.200 j
Butter, Cliccse and Ecrss.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2S. —On the Produce Ex-.
chan"? to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries. ie.a25c; dairies, 15@21c: eggs firm
at mark. lSHe22HCi «hees*: "l^y. llS12c.
FLGIN III Nov. 2S. —ROTTER—Firm, sell-
Ing at 2*5c. Sales for the'week. 637,000 pounds.
i
',
¦
1
1
|
t
.
|
•
>
j
j
j
j ',
I
1
• 1
i
;
|
|
,
I
•
;
,
' I
J
.
!
;
]
j
j
'
'
;
•
'
'
'
'
!
!
!
'
1
•
1
.
'
;
1
1
1
'
I
•
•
:
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
1
i
;
"
Chicago.
CHICAGO Nov. 23.—CATTLE— Receipts,
2S (X* including 10CO Westerns. Steady. Good
to prime stef-rs, $«<S7 10; poor to medium, So 60 ;
«0 SO; stookers and feeders, $2@410; cows. |
*135-S4 20- heifers, $1 75@3; canners, $135®
2 35; "bulls! $2©4 2O; calves.- S3S« 50; Western
steers $3 5O05 15.
HOGS — Receipts. 55.000. Market 5@10e
lower Mixed and butchers, 54 5O«4 75; good
to choice heavy. $4 COS4 70; rough heavy. $4 23
«4 50; light, $4 40<J?4 57V&; bulk of eales, J4 55
Receipts, 25,000. Sheep, steady;
lambs, strong. Good to choice wethers. $4 30
S3- fair to choice mixed. S3 50@4 3»: Western
sheep, *.-?g5; native lambs, $4 3(yWQ 15; Western
lambs, J1S3 S5.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Nov. 28.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 5<XM). Steady to easier. Native steers,
$3 W^4 23; cdws ani heifers, $2 50^3 S3; West
ern tteers, *"VS4 75; Texas steers, $2 75@3 75;
rang>» cows and heifer?, ?2 23#3 25; cinners,
|1 7S02 25; stockprs and feeders, J2 &0®3 00;
calves S."i1I5 .V»; bulls and stags. $li33 85. #
HOGS^-Reeelpts 5500. Market 5c lower,
Heavy (4 4564 55; mixed. $4 4534 50; light.
$4 45'a'l 55: pigs, $4@4 40; bulk of sales, $4 45@
4 50.
eHEEP— Receipts. 6500. Steady. "Western
ycarliuxs f I 25@4 «5; wethers. $4@4 BOjewes,
|3 S5i{fV50: common and *tockers, $2 60@4 JO;
Iambs, $5-g 5 90.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITT, Mo.. Nov. 2S^-CATTLE—
Receipts 1«.CKK>. Steady to 10c lower. Native
steers $:{r>0®6 23; native cows and heifers,
*1 6005; stockers and feeders. ?2 50@4 10; bulls.
$1 73^3 50; calves, J2 5(>^tJ: Western steers, $3
&4 75: AVestern cows, $1 50@3 50.
HOGS— Ueceipts. 7000. Market 10c lower.
Bu!k of sales. ?4 40'^* 65; heavy. $4 60@4 70;
packers. *4 5(Ki4 ttf: pigs and light. $3 6004 55^
SHEEI1-Receipt.*. 11.000. Steady to 10c
lower. Muttonr $3 TB©S 23; lambs. $4 60<8<};
range wethers. $4g4 l>0; ewea, $2 50Q4 25. ;
3IISCELIiAN_OCS JIAKKETS.
Forcicn Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. . March. May.
Opening 7 2 7 4 . 3%
Closing 7 2^ . *\i 7 3!,
. PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar.-June.
L Opening 23 W 25 40
iCloslr./^..... 24 05 25 50
Opcr?iniT~ •• 3175 33 20
CloW 31 EO 3.135
London Wool Sales.
LONDON". Nov. 28.—The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 12,405
bales. There was a large supply of new clip
In fine condition and bidding was active In all
' sections' Scoured fleece wools were In chief
demand for Germany. Crossbreds were In good
demand. ', America secured a fair mipply: of
i fine merinos, medium crossbreds and fine stipes
I at full prices.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS, Nov. 28.—WOOL—Quiet, but
¦ firm Medium grades, combing and clothing,
' ""525c; light fine. I&g22c; heavy fine, 13Q-1.3C;
i tub washed, 2S<@40c;
Xorthern Business.
SEATTLE, Nov. 28.—Clearings, $344,460;
balances. ?230.155. .««-_„, . ,
TACOMA, Nov. 28. —Clearings, $557,784; bal
! PORTLAND. Nov. 2S.—Clearings, $S0O,46O;
I ba sPOK\NE.""Nov. 28-Clearings, $4S3,40S;
! balances, $83,779.
__————
Northciii Wheat JIarket.
' OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 2S.—WHEAT—Walla
Watla. export, c 0c; mlllinK, 83c. Eastern
( market basis, S4c; bluestem. SigCc higher; val
' ley 87^c.
I WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA. Nov. 28.—WHEAT—Unchanged.
¦ Blupstem, 88c; club. 85c.
t Liverpool Hop Market.
¦ LIVERPOOL. Nov. 2S.—rfops at London: Pa
clflc Coast, firm. £8 8sg£8 15s.
LOCAL MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver was higher and Sterling Exchange
lower International rates also showed some
variation." New York on Mexico has been
fluctuating considerably of late.
Currency transfers by the New Sub
treasury yesterday included $400,000 to New
' Orleans and $25O.C00 to San Francisco.
i .LOCAL. .
Sterling Exchange. *Uty days..$4 S.'l%i£H S4
i Sterling Exchange, olght 4 80^4 87
1 Sterling Exchange, cables ....... 4 8. @4 87H
I New York Exchange, sight Par © —
[jr. Y. Exchange, telegraphic... 02Va© —
I Silver, "per ounce — <8> 09
Mexican Dollars 46%® 47
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris ...5.15
New York on Mexico 2C5
Paris on London 25.16
Berlin on London 20.38%
Wheat ami 'Other.-Grains.
WHEVT—The foreign .markets showed little
change The world's shipments for the wee*
were as follows, in quarters: Russian. 578.
000- Dahublan' 5.1,000; Argentine, 53,000; In
dian 102,000- Australian. 29,1)00.
Chicago declined from $t 0S t ,m to $1 08T4 and
recovered to $1 C71,i. the decline being due to
' large world's shipments and predictions of
'. rain. The Chicago wires of E. F. Huttcn &
Co. said: ¦'*¦-' ¦¦ '
I '"Primary markets reported slow cash de
j mand prices about 1 cent lower. Northwest
receipts largely in excels of a year ago. The
' continued large shipments and Increase on
passage, coupled with the increase In our
own visible supply seem too great a load for
the bulls on Wheat. The market to-day suf
fered from liquidation. The Argentine news
Is BtiU > conflicting, but the comparative
strength In Liverpool would Indicate some
apprehension still felt regarding 1 weather con
ditions there or possibility of the atrike be
coming a fact." .
The San <Franclsco market was unchanged
as to the cash grain, but futures weakened
in sympathy with Chicago.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, SI 45(gl 52*4; California
White Australian. $1 60<gl 62^: Northern
Club, $1 60@l 52H. with none offering; North
ern Bluestem, $1 60©I 62%; Northern Red.
SI -1714 per,ctl.:. .' .... n •
V,.*'.;".;! 1 FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. '-• High- Low. Close.
December ...$1 42£ $1 42^ . $1 42*6 / $1 42U
May ...f.... 1 44% 144% 144y,; .H4Ji'
2p.--ni.' Session.-
December—$1 42 V». • ¦ • ».
May—$1 41Vi.
BARLEY—Choice bright Feed continues
steady and In fair demand at It 13%, but off.
Feed ranges down to $1 05. Futures were
steady * yesterday, with some trading • in De
cember. " ¦ • * ¦ " ¦ •.-¦¦'¦
CASH BARLEY. •
-Feed.-51 05@l 13«i; , Brewing and Shipping,
Continued on Page Fourteen, '^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£^ te* £*
Don't fonret the BIO CLOSING OT7T SALE.
A lot of GOOD HORSES. " WAGONS. BUG-
I GIE3 SURRIES. rtngle and double HARNE33
I TUESDAY. November -K9. 11a.m. 1140 FOL-
! SOM STREET.
£a» .£* £&
AUCTION SALE— WEDNESDAT. Nov. 30.
at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 3CT
SIXTH 3T.. 5O head of good horses and raarea;
alt good workers. JOHN J. DOYLE.
£* ¦£* fe
AUCTION SALE HORSES. LJvennore. Cal.
Will ssll CO HEAD OF HORSES. Wt. from S*0O
; to 123O. Will taka place 10 A. M.. DE-
CEMBER 3. 1804. J. M. BARRY. Auctioneer.Drop In and see Edward Knowles : Company.
24 Second ct.. about that holiday advertising. •
WRIGHTS HEARING POSTPONED.— Th«
examination of former Deputy Internal ' Rev
enue Collector George A.. Wright for embezzle
ment" was • postponed yesterday - until . Decem
ber 7. : •.¦.-..-.•; — ' : ; s •; ••.;¦; ¦ -•••- '
I*i«o'i« Cure 'for Consumption cures
Coughs .ind Coldsr, By all drugglsta. 25c •
FARNSWORTlf ESTATE.— Th»..'«titt of
th« lat* Fanny • P. FaxnsirortH h»i» keen *p
pralstd *t ?ir^.C28 Ci The perional property
lo valued &1 f 26.653. eC whicR $18,750 4i • in
shares o( th* Famsw<>rth & ,Kug-gle» Com
pany. Of the realty ttoa chief Item Is p*op«rljr
on Third ptrecl,. «iear Tov?n«enil. ; valued : at
Muttne Eye Jlensedy. A home fc»f e i of
Ey* ifoubUs. "tt r in« f fiends. Uaefl *or*n-
Xant **k1 adult. MuFlne doesn't sn^art.*
. Charlen Crunlng and. Ora At Plckett
came from ; the East to find a business
opening, in: this thriving .community,
and vtheyj found It 1 In i the • shape . of a
pharmacy' at \ Kearny . and Pine
for, which ¦ they; paid : $10,000. ,They>had
no "special trainiag as ,'pharmacists^but
they went '. right . along exchanging
€?eorg-e MUler, \he ex-eonvlcft "whom
ratrolmatk O'Neil> *» gallantly fought
a nfl captured one «igh« about » week
• go. wai sent 1o the Superior Court ,to
answer : cSiavges '. of tobberj' and at*
tempt to «nirrde*. Sudge Catoanls8> flxe4
*he dete-idanf* hai? mt J10*,000, a. pro*
liibitive ! figure, , a* Mr. Miller. <could noJ
obtain, release If canceled lottery tick
et* were acceptable : as bonds. He was
•"holding up' T Richard Malone- when
•DfflceF O'Neill, accompanied -by h!s 1K
t'.e fcoy, caught Oiiim . in .' th V act and
©pene(S flre . on ¦ Rim. < , . .
Master Lnubenbersl told Police Judge
Mogan that as he was so busily en
gaged in holding the horse, a most fiery
steed, he could not have thrown to
matoes at Ah Fat even if he had de
sired to do so, which he was" sure "he
did not, because his -love* for the Chi
nese nation, and its children "in our
midst was deepseated. Nor did he see
any tomatoes. thrown, although- it was
Just s>oeslble that one or both_ of his
companions/ neither of -.vhom tie knew
of coulG Identify, might have so offend- I
eo\ Besides, as the drlyes- of the -.vagon
he' was, held pecuniarily responsible for. J
j»n? f os» of its eargoi and he was not I
afflicted with fe' Veakness £of throwinc
•way money, .'
That temayjes were Jhrowft, however,
A^i f»t *>resente<5 material evidence to
prove. His bespattered 1 blouse 1vas dis^
played ift fcouit, fcut ills unwillingness
f o swear that Sammie £aubenbersl par
ticipated tiv thf fcespatteFtftg *ecultcd
tit »» orfltl* of dismissal, . . •;
AH FAT THOUGHT THE JAPAN
ESE FLEET WAS • BOMBARDING
. SAN FRANCISCO. . .'. : •
WOULD-BE MURDERER. HIS IN
TENDED VICTIM AND SCEXI
OF* THE SHOOTING.
When' seen at the jail Selby would
say little. "There is no use discussing
the matter," he said. "Everybody
knows why. I did this.. I know that I
aid right to try to kill that man. I
am sorry that I made a bungle of it.
I suppose I -was nervous and that
made' my hand unsteady. If there is
another chance there will be a y differ
ent storv to tell."
After Selby was removed Judge Heb-
Kase and O'Brien turned Selby over
to Policeman Silver, in whose custody
Selby was taken to the City Prison and
charged with assault to commit mur
der.
Bracing himself against the door,
Selby raised the weapon and fired at
the Judge. The bullet whizzed past
the Judge's ear, tore thrpush the
heavy cushions of the chair and
lodged in the hardwood back. There
was much excitement until the man
was disarmed.
Selby was hurried from the court
room by Kase and O'Brien. As they
rushed him along the corridor he
called back to Judge Hebbard, "I told
you that I would do this, and I did
it"
The Judge was leaning back in his
chr>ir. Srlby came through the door
with a quick, stealthy tread. In one
hand concealed under his coat the ex
minister clutched a revolver. He hur
ried to the door of Judge Hebbard's
chambers, which is directly in front
of the bench and about six yards
away from it.
While Superior Judge James C. B.
Hebbard was holding court yesterday
morning Isaac Selby, a former minis
ter, fired point blank at him with a
revolver.
The bullet missed the Judge's head
by a fraction of an inch. With rare
courage Judge Hebbard rushed down
from his chair and assisted in dis
arming his assailant.
The courtroom was crowded. Law
yers and hangers-on about the hall
huddled into a corner as Selby flour
ished the pirtol ready for another
shot. Judg-e Hebbard was the coolest
nan in the room."
When the bullet crashed into his
chair he shook his head slightly.
"Don't let that man escape," he cried,
and ran to where the ex-clergyman
v.-as holding Bailiff John O'Brien at
bay.
The Judg-e sprang at Selby. struck
up his arm and jammed his assailant
forcibly against the wall. With the
assistance of O'Brien and Attorney
Thomas R. Kase the frenzied man was
disarmed. Kase tore the r>istol from
Selby's gra^p.
Selby was angered at the Judge be
cause of adverse decision he had re
ceived on January 6 in Hebbard's
•court. Selby's wife sued him for a
<Slvorc*» and was granted a separation
and the custody of the children. Sel
by acted as his own attorney and
thought he vras unfairly treated.
Since that time he has attempted
to annoy Judge Hebbard in many
' ways. One of his methods was to
eend the Judge screeds he had written
for Australian papers condemning San
Francisco Judges and Hebbard in par
ticular.
I>ast month Selby -svas again in
court. He brought suit against Don
ald McRae for $25,000 for alienating
his wife's efTectktns. Judge SlO3s,
\rho tried the case, decided against
Selby. The ex-minister seemed to
blame this to Judge Hebbard. r He
met Hebbard !n the City Hall shortly
afterward. •
"I'll do the. next best thing that I
am advised to do," said ; Selby, but.
Judge Hebbard paid no attention to
the implied threat- / > J '
The exciting episode occurred short-,
ly after 10 o'clock yesterday. Judge,
Hehbafd was hearing, the case of the
Crescent Feather Company against
the' tlpholsterers' Union. Leonard H.
McCrosky ot the union was on the
sfahd.
His wife, . Theresa Beatrice Selby,
filed her suit for divorce on* July 13,
1903, six days after. Selby had begun
his suit against Donald McRae '.for
alienating her affections. Mrs. Selby
alleged that her husband was a scholar
and teacher of high attainments and
should have been able to support her
and their three children, but would not;
that he forced her to desert him by
traducing and tormenting her. The di
vorce was granted by Judge Hebbard
on January 6- On June 4, two days
before the time for appeal had elapsed,
Selby filed a motion to set aside the
judgment, which Judge Hebbard de
nied. In his affidavit the man said the
verdict would forever exclude him from
the Christian ministry in the English
speaking world, anfl if he waa , wel
comed back to Australia it would be
because "the Australians believed it to
bo an immoral verdfet given in a dis
credited American court." He cited the
fuc'.. that Robert kouis Stevensoft was
a man of high attainments when destf
tute in. this city and said that %« him
self was poor only through lacK t>t «p«
Tiortunity. Sic tiafl, he. said-, In addition
to 5iis 'ectures, worked daily as an 4«»
suranee ageftt* architectural draughts*
man, magazine xoHcitofv colltcto* an&
teaeher. He couldt not b« tdle> fend
happy. The defendant, 1 " fie daifl.
"cam* to America encouraged fty- the
Christian fcharch., promised * kitidly,
welcome, fend Ik lias #0. worked Gut that
ihe law» ot justice »ncf hospitality h»v»
been Vfolated and, aftef Aitich Indignity
end suffering, foe lias- been divorced tn
the «ourt» of • *ountry *^hose tnsrtitu*
tions fee tiaA spent •% lifetim* Ta defend*
lnjr.~ * -V^\/-
WIFE FILES SUIT.
Selby showed no inclination to stop
heaping slanders on the head of the
woman from whom he had been judi
cially separated, and -only when the
bailiff forced him into his seat did he
stop talking.
This infuriated Selby, who arose and
abused his wife, accusing her of mis
conduct with Donald McRae and criti
cizing the court for the decision ren
dered. He had spoken but a few mo
ments when Judge Hebbard interrupt
ed him, saying: "That will do from
you, sir. I* consider you less of a man
now than I did five minutes ago. If I
hear any more from you I will send you
to jaU for five days. Take your- seat."
Judge Sloss is congratulating him
self that Selby did not take a shot at
him. Ever since Sloss decided against
Sfclby, three weeks ago, he has been
-annoyed frequently by him. . ¦
Once Selby was a prosperous.clergy
man of Australia. He ran for the Aus
tralian Parliament, but was defeated.
He alleged that his wife's refusal to
live with him caused his defeat.
Selby's litigation in the
Court has been spectacular and novel;
twice he acted as his own attorney and
was twice defeated. In both trials he
displayed intelligence and shrewdness.
On the 6th of January of this year Sel
by created a scene in Judge He'ubard'a
court and barely escaped being sent to
Jail for contempt of court. After it had
been shown conclusively that he had
not contributed a penny toward the
support of his wife for more than a
year Judge Hebbard granted Mrs. Sel
by a divorce and the custody of the
children.
bard ordered a recess and then wanted
to proceed with the case. But the at
torneys on both sides asked for a con
tinuance and the case was held over.
Scores of attorneys and employes of the
City Hall went to the courtroom to
congratulate the Judge on his escape.
"Oh,' I wasn't born to be killed by a
man like that," he said. '"Once I had
almost as narrow an escape up north.
A man jammed a pistol against my
abdomen but he did not fire."
"SPIDER" WELCH WONDERED
WHAT AWRTi PUNISHMENT
WAS IN STORE FOR HIM.
proved and your evident regret over
your prevarication induces me to for
give that offense and release you."
The gratitude of the "Spider" was
too deep for expression. He Just look
ed at the Judge and bolted for the
door.
drugs for cash until a policeman over
hauled them for selling carbolic acid
to a woman, and then their lack of
qualification for the trade was discov
ered and led to their arrest. Judge
Fritz lined them $50 apiece for violat
ing the pharmacy law, and hereafter
their business will be performed by a
duly certificated clerk.
John Roselli was sauntering down
Pacific street last Saturday evening,
when rain began to fall upon him, and,
as his footgear was leaky, he helped
himself to a pair of rubber boots that
dangled In front of A. Somner's store
at No. 503. The theft was witnessed by
a young woman, who shrilled an
alarm, and John ran, plunder in hand,
untilhe was captured after a long and
exciting chase. He offered no defense
before- Judge Qonlan, and his sentence
for petty larceny is to be pronounced
this morning.
• • •
Harm Shirata, a dainty Japanese
miss, was accompanied by her paternal
relative" when she appeared before
Judge Slogan and stated that she
would like to have Fernando Marzo*
compelled to pay for the surgical ser
vices, necessitated by his horse step
ping upon her ribs as she was cross
ing Dupont street, near Pine, to pur
chase beer for her family's vesper
meal.
"Me cross strit," she explained, "wit"
pitcha fo* be', an' hoss it *im stip on
reeb. Me en bed one wik."
Her father gave corroborative testi
mony, and Mr. Marzo was given until
to-day to pay the doctor's bill.
Judge Cabaniss dismissed the larceny
charge which Amos Hicks had filed
against Miss" Bessie Craig, because the
young woman proved. conclusively that
the articles she was accused of stealing
from the complainant's apartments
were given by him to her as love
tokens and that his prosecution of her
was prompted by desire to prevent her
threatened transfer of affection from
him to a better-looking wooer. .
James Murray, a morphine slave, ar
rested for vagrancy, declared tha: he
did not care how long a term of im
prisonment might be prescribed for
him as his life was a failure anyway
a^nd might as well.be spent in jail as
anywhere! else. .Judge Conlan gave the
unfortunate fellow six months and was
politely thanked for the sentence.
Joseph Smith, who shot and killed
Joseph McGowan last Saturday, was
charged with murder and instructed as
to his rights before Judge Mogan. On
motion of the defendant's attorneys,
ex-Judge D. J. Murphy arid John J.
Gllfoil, the formal arraignment was
continued till next Monday, by which
time the Coroner's jury will have been
heard from. Smith looked rather
worried as he sat with his counsel and
listened to the Judge's instructions.
Miss Irene Curry gave a birthday
party last Saturday evening at her
apartments in 104 Turk street and those
present were Miss Lillie Thomas,
Thomas J. Curry and B. Castro. The
quartet unanimously informed Judge
Fritz that the landlady's intrusion was
unwarranted, as no more noise was
made than is usually produced at social
functions of that kind and that she
provoked the hurling of the mattress
at her by the way in which she talked
to the merrymakers. The landlady,
however, averred that if the party had
been deliberately trying to "make
rough-house" the uproar could not have
been greater and that it *vas to pre
serve her furniture from menacing
demolition that she invaded the cham
ber and commanded that the festivities
cease. The mattress came to her so
suddenly that she could not state which
of the defendants hurled it, but she be
lieved that- it was projected by more
thanone pair of hands. Case continued
one week.- :
Dejected of sDlritanddeprived of com
panionship,- "Spider" Welsh, profes
sional pugilist, sat in the cage of
Judge Fritz's court and awaited the
summons forth to be sentenced. What
would that sentence be? Would it.em
brace the maximum penalty for crap
shooting, the offense for which he was
arrested and the top limit for%holdlns
the, court in contempt by deliberately
lying to. It? Harrowing possibility!
With the Corbett-Nelson *the same
Nelson vho • had ¦ lowered the Welsh
colors)- booked to battle within thirty-
I am addressing you this letter without so
licitation, feeling that the enterprise displayed
by your committee should meet with encour
agement. ¦ . . .
The San Franciaco building has attracted
widespread Interest and the methods employed
have been thorough and effective. It gives me
great pleasure, I assure you, to express the
appreciation of the exposition management for
the manner in which the multifold tJvantages
of San Francisco city and county and the
State of California have been presented in
the lectures delivered by J. W. Erwin. - His
equipment was perhaps the best .on the grounds
and his' lectures have been highly interesting,
instructing and entertaining throughout. I
have spent many pleasant half hours in the
building and have always enjoyed his dis
courses. At every lecture 1 have attended the
assembly-room has been crowded and the com
ments and congratulations extended to the
lecturer must be gratifying, indeed, both to
him and to your committee. The results can
not be otherwise than highly beneficial for
some time to come.
Charles M. Reeves, chief of the de
partment of domestic exploitation of
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, has
sent the following communication to
Frank J. Symmes, chairman of the gen
eral committee having in charge the
San Francisco exhibit at the. St. Louis
fair:
Ido not feel that I should allow the Louisi
ana Purchase Exposition to close without con
gratulatipg you and the committee In charge
of the Soil Francisco building and exhibit, and
through you the people of San Francisco, on
the excellent showing made at the world's
greatest fair by the city and county.
While the fund at your disposal was com
paratively Email, considering the wonderful re
sults and the commercial advantages of th«
city and county, I am pleased to say that their
natural, commercial and educational Interests
have been as well Illustrated and presented as
those cf any other city or State represented
here, if not, indeed, better illustrated.
That murder most sanguinary had
been attempted was the . impression
flashed to Patrolman Murphy's mind
by his first glimpse of Ah Fat, for the
Chinaman was prostrate and inert and
from one side of his head apparently
exuded a gelatinous substance of crim
son hue, while his blue blouse was
thickly blotched with the same stuff.
"It looks like highbinders," muttered
the officer as he bent over the fallen
Asiatic— to discover that the imagined
clotted gore was really tomato pulp.
Little boys did it. . Three of them
were in a wagon laden with vegetables
and fruit when An Fat sauntered past
the vehicle at Bush and Larkin streets,
and with malice and reckless extrava
gance they pelted him with ripe to
matoes until their ammunition was ex
hausted. So accurate was their aim
evidently acquired by baseball practice
—that Ah Fat found it impossible to
dodge the missiles, so he jay down and
wept and blew shrill- blasts of the
whistle that all" discreet Chinese carry.
The distress signals were heard by
Patrolman Murphy and instantly re
sponded to, but neither the wagon nor
any ¦ of its passengers was" in sight
when he reached the spot. Ah Fat's
description of the vehicle, however, re
sulted in the speedy capture of little
Sammie Laubenbersi, who occupied the
driver's seat. The other two lads
eluded arrest.
six hours from that moment! But,
again, might not the Judge, himself
romethlng of a boxer, temper justice
with mercy and reward an apology
with a dismissal? Solacing thought!
Thus was Sir. "Welsh kept In canker
ing Incertitude until the long calendar
was cleared and his Honor arose 4 to
adjourn for the day. Then the anx
iously awaited summons came.
"It's not the shooting of craps I
blame you most for," severely spoke
the court, "but your insistent trying to
deceive me by asserting your name is
Smith- The crap-shootlng charge is
dismissed because it was" not clearly
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Erwin's Lectures Are Said
to Have Been of Special
Benefit to Whole State
EXHIBIT IS COMMENDED
Little Boys Pelt Ah Fat With Luscious Bulbs Until He Is
Bespattered From Queue Root to Feet
Stains Turn Out to Be Pulp of Tomatoes
World's Fair Departmental
Head Gives High Praise
to People of This City
CRIMSONED COOLIE CONVEYS SHARP
SHOCK TO POLICE OFFICER MURPHY
CONGRATULATES
SAN FRANCISCO
IRATE CLERICAL LITIGANT
ATTEMPTS LIFE OF JUDGE
HEBBARD IN OPEN COURT
Isaac Selby Shoots to
Kill and Regrets His
Aim Was Bad.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, : NOVEMBER ' 29, 1904.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uo "RPA1MPW
STATEMENT
| f — OF THE—
co>T>rnox and affairs /
—OP THE—
ROYAL.
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
dar of December. A. D.. li)03. and for th»
year endine on that day. as made to th» In-
surance Commissioner of th« State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of section* 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS. /.>,
Real Estate owned by Company... 12.174, 460 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 221 C00 O>
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,423,133 93
Cash In Company's Office 3.681 40
Cash In Banks 706.371 13
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 82.933 13
Interen due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 750 63
Premiums In due course cf Col-
lection 885222 97
Rents due and accrued 7 374 22
Due from other Companies for Re- '
Insurance on losaes already paid. 43 203 33
Amount receivable under Perpetual
Pollcie3 1.173 M
™ *•"* g.654 t6 3S 16
UABiLrnEg. = =
Losses adjusted and unpaid W3.434 as
Loss-s in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense SI 7 124 27
Losses resisted, including expenses 84 23a aa
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $3,439 .
203 93; reinsurance 60 per cent. 1.719.601 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: more than one year, $4,SS7 -
008 SI: reinsurance pro rata ' 21582:443 41
Amount reclalmable by the Insured ¦~ w """ < * **
on perpetual policies lfttiM «i
Liabilities under the Life Depart- i **' 11^ **
Due and accrued for" salaries, "rent'i '
etC ••»•••....... 4fi «5St 4 1
All other Liabilities.... 258.68tt w
Total Liabilities.* $3,330,113 5*
INCOME. =5===
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,093,753 IS
Recelvtd for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages S3 »n 12
Received for inter* st and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 13«,173 43
Received for Rents 53J92 61
Total Income $5,210,327 :i
EXPENDITURES. ""^^ -
Net amount naid for Fire Louses
(Including $350,222 52 losses ot
previous years) $2,478,833 3«
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage S31.0S3 33
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 233,261 ZZ
Paid for State, National and Local
Tax-s :...: 132.067 34
' All other payments and expendi-
tures 333.670 37
T0UI Expenditure* $4,131,001 90
Losses Incurred durtn* the year. .$2, 436.331 fri
Risks and Premiums! Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of I
Risks written
during the year. $6SS. 608.923 84 $7,308,711 09
Net amount . of
Risks expired
during the year.. 713.006,432 56 T.01S.1S7 30
Net amount In
force December
31. 1303 8O2.;S3,S93 04 8.328.302 74
E. K. BEDDALL. U. B. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn t» before me. this 22<X
day of January, 1904.
EDMUND HARVET. Notary Publla
Head Office Assets... $68,887,331 00
Fire- Premium Income. 1903 $14,241,704 00
Agents Throughout the. World.
Pacific - Department t
Royal Building, cor. Pins and Sansoma Sts.
SAN FRAXCISCO. CAI*
ROLLA V. WATT Manager
JNO. T. FOOARTT. Asst. Algr.
F. B. KELLAM. Branch Sec'ty.
rtfflurtCBEvtra Cue Bis O for nnaatcrU
XfjH' la 1 1» S 4»rfc%9 dlscharsesjafianinjatlona.
£3jnj OwioiKil €1 irritalioQC or ulcoratioaa
n*"»J not to ra-ioior*. of mu sou s mfmbrtDM,
S~^*j F>«»w«to c»ata«t*a. Pmiaiccs* and not uitrio.
!fi'-» "1THE EMUS ChEMICAICO. gent or poinonosa.
t^^ Cl!u;iHWTI,O.g^rsj Held by Dratjrlit*.
t.B.«. 5iS^ or lent In plain wrnpper,
¦^'•''/a'fcfci i^ff^j br express, prepaid, for
\^Sr§8a2Svy*tti »1.00. or3bottlas«2.JS.
** Clrcalar cest OU roanJJt
16 Pages. $1 per Year
ADVERTISEME^TTS.
S Oriental Goods |
I At Wholesale Prices |
| We Offer Our Entire Extra Fine |
I Collection of i
f ORIENTAL RUGS g
1 AND CURTAINSl
| 25% DISCOUNT I
S From Regular Retail Prices S
ft We are So]e«Agents for John S
g , Crossley & Son's Celebrated «
S English Carpets. »
ichasJI.Plum&Co. 1
I Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. I
¦ Woman
/«Jro^5} i^JVV V»wk <• Interested and should knoir
&AW V-Y\ A^ V I n about the wonderful
KMVSAMtlH MARVEL Whirling Sproy
VlVoSS^^rW^T^O Hf T «r«a»' 8jrto«o. JrtftO
v^VssttS^^^w txon an* Unction. Beit-SaN
| w »«t— Mnit ConTenlfDt.
IH!««»^»U.t..tlj.
i»» je«T iratnrlst lor It. >fe t/K. > **
If h« cannot supply ths Vv /AJT~"?^r ¦Zc
¦ 9IARVKI,. accept no Xl^% ¦*"«&*£>»>_.
other, but »en<l stamp for "tot. J ••w/v'/Sj
lllastrated book— %n\t*. ItgiTes to. / l '4f'* i
full p.-\rtlcnlnrs and direction* In- A* / jM I
talnnble lo ladies. MAHVKIj CO^Jjl:,;,. ,.§/
41 l'ark liow, X«h 1 orti. li »*Ulu^
152 New liontgorr.cry. San Francisco. CaJ. .
William Hatterotb (Ladles* Dept.). 221 Sutter.
Union £>nf< Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Oaa-ood Brothers. . . 7th and Eroad way. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy - 11» EU1»
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
P3SGH AKD SALT MSAT3.
TIC lAVt'C * Cl\ Ehlpp^iK Butchers. 10S
JAj. itUltj g wU. vClay. T«L Mala law.
LEAST BOOTS AHO S3T2T.ICrIITS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
1176-11TS Mission »t- Phone Main M6L
oils. 7
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ELU3.
¦- 418 Front «*.. 8. F. Phcn« Main 1718. ¦
3. C, BUGfiES, 7£ViSS?5' a. v.
GAME NEAR DYING
From an Awful Skin Humour*
Scratched Till Blood Ran.
Wasted to Skeleton.
CURED BYCUT1CURA
One Application Soothed Him to
Sleep. Cure Speedy
and Permanent.
" When my little boy was aboot three
months old his bead broke out with a
rash, which was very Itchy and ran con-
siderable watery fluid. We tried every-
thing we could, but he got worse all the
time till It spread to his arms, legs, and
then to his entire body, and he got so
bad that he came near dying. The rash
would itch so that he would scratch till
the blood ran, and a thin yellowish stuff
would be all over his pillow in the morn-
ing. I had to put mittens on his hands
to keep him from tearing his skin around
his wrists. He got so weak and run
down that he took fainting spells like
we would think him dying. He was al-
most a skeleton and bis little hands
were thin like claws. *
"He was bad about eight months
when we tried Cuticara Remedies. I
had not laid him down in his cradle In
the daytime for a long time. He had
got so that he just slept in our arms all
the time. I washed him vr'ith Cuticura
Soap and put on one application of
Catlcura Ointment and he was so
soothed that I pat him in the cradle.
You don't know how glad I felt when ho
felt better. It took one box of Cuticura
Ointment, pretty near one cake of Cuti-
cura Soap, and about half a bottle of
Outlcura Resolvent, to cure. I think
our little boy would have died only for
the Cuticura Remedies, and I shall al-
ways remain a firm friend of them."
Mns. M. C. M AITLAND, Jasper,
Ontario.
No return in 14 years. Mrs. Maitland
writes, under date of Feb. 24, 1903, that
the cure is permanent.
" It affords me much pleasure to In-
form yon that it is fourteen years since
my boy was cured of the terrible skin
disease from which he suffered.
" He has been permanently cured and
Is hearty and strong." ,
Sold thmuzhoot the world. Ctfttatr* ReiolTtnt. Me.
fla form of Choeolate Co«t*4 Fill*. ISs. per vial of flu).
Ointment, jnc. Soao. 2Se. Drpott i London. S7 Charter-
honae Sq. i PmrU. * Baa de la Pai*i Boston. IS Colnmbva
Arm. PoK»r Drn* * Ch«m. Corp.. Sole Proprietor*.
oej- Ssad for ** Haw to Core fc. »«rr Utnev-*
*Adamsl
IRISH
, MOSS
COUGH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BT THE BEST
rHTfilCIANS FOR A
Conjrhi. Cold*/ EoaneaesB, Bron-
chitis. Croup In Children, aad
All Throat and J,vme Troubles
Try a bottle to-day: don't wait till the
doctor says "COICrfUMPTXOlir.",
SCc ; 60c AT iXL DBtTQOISTS
CURES IN A DAY
V ¦¦!! ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ll.«.1 ¦ l J
Delicious little chocolates —^ ¦
for dainty little folks. • .;°°^'.
JH all Confectioners' and Grocers'.