SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TESTIFYING IN DETAIL, SHE TELLS OF
TESTATRIX'S ILL HEALTH AND GLOOM
Continued on Page S, Column 1.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Nov. 10.—
Isaac Lebo, an election constable, who
was shot, by Deputy Sheriff James
Warford at a Goldfleld polling place
on Tuesday, is dead. At the inquest
on Constable Chris Miller, .who was
also killed ; by Warford . at Uhe same
time, the jury, found that ths shot was
fired by Warford in self-defense.
Wounded Election Officer. Dies.
Position of the Bodies Indicates That
the Man Committed Suicide After '
Killing Spouse. .
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— The bodies
of Robert McCann and wife were found
in their home two miles. south of Ocean
Park this morning. They had been
dead several days and from, the posi
tion of the bodies McCann evidently
had shot his wife and then killed him
self with the same revolver. Both were
about 40 years of age.
The bodies were found this morning
by a man who called at the house to
see McCann. The body of the woman
lay on a bed, with a bullet hole through
the head, and McCann-s body was
stretched upon the floor, with a bullet
hole .through the head.
It is supposed that tne tragedy oc
curred while McCann. who is said to
have been a heavy drinker, was under
the influence of liquor.
ANXIOUS TO SAVE LIFE
OF A BADLY BURNED CHILD
Jjos Angeles Residents tight for
Places in Line to Contribute Cuti
cle Needed for Grafting.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— Anxious
to Eavp the life of a child whom some
of them had never 6een. three hundred
persons crowded into tne Children's
Hospital to-night and almost fought
for places in line. Nine-year-old Hazel
Eldon. the daughter of poor parents,
v.-as burned by an explosion of gaso
line and the doctors made public an
nouncement yefterday that unless a
euJHcient number of persons were will
ing to contribute sections of their cut
icle to enable the surgeons to graft
skin over the burned surface of the
child's body the little one would die.
The response was amazing. For hours
a dozen surgeons worked on the arms
of the people who presented . them
selves. Most of them were men. some
heads of families, some university stu
dents, others mechanics, but there
were more than enough of them to sat
isfy the doctors. Within four hours
three thousand grafts had been ap
plied. The same number will be ap
plied Sunday, when another call will
be issued.
Debacke was a son of one of the
proudest families of Europe, but was
unassuming and democratic to a de
gree. He was a mining expert, hav
ing mined In all parts of the world.
He came to America seeking adven
ture ,and hunting opportunities not
found in Denmark.
TACOMA. Nov. 10.— Prospectors
have brought to Skagway news of the
drowning in Pelly River of Court
Vladimir Alexis Debacke. a Danish
nobleman, who lived in Skagway
when the Klondike rush was at its
height. Debacke was hunting with a
partyof Indians In an effort to secure
some 'bear and mountain lion skins of
unusual size. These he intended send
ing back to Denmark. He was
drowned in the rapids 100 miles above
Hoods Canyon, while attempting ; to
cross the river on a raft. His body
was recovered and buried near the
Bhore.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Nagle believes that if found in a
sitting posture an evil spirit will cap
ture him unawares.
Hanschild operated his threshing
machine despite the remonstrance of
his eccentric neighbor, who declared
that the machine was possessed of a
devil and that its operation would re
lease his Satanic majesty, to the un
doing of the neighborhood. Finding
his objections disregarded Nagle
rushed into the barn and returned with
a pitchfork, with which he sought to
drive Hanschlld away from the dread
ed implement.
OMAHA. Nov. 10. — Charles Nagle.
a Nebraska farmer, whoso superstitous
fear of the devil has kept him from
silting down for the past six years. la
in jail here, charged with having as
saulted John Hanschlld with a pitch
fork.
Nebraska Farmer Afraid That Ho
Will Be Taken Unawares if He
Sits Down.
HUSBAND AND WIFE FOUND
SHOT IN THEIR DWELLING
FEAR OF 'EVIL SPIRIT
KEEPS HIM STANDING
Count Vladimir Alexis Debacke Loses
His Life While Hunting on the
Pelly Rher.
ACCIDENTAL DROWNING
OF A DANISH XOBLEMAN
TACOMA, Nov. 10. — The fleet of
Yukon steamers wintering at Dawson
has been partly wrecked by jamming
of the ice above the; mouth of the
Klondike River. The jam forced the
heavy drift ice through Sunnydale
Slough. * where the steamers of the
Northern Commercial Company.
North American Transportation and
Trading Company, one independent
steamer and four big White Paas
barges were in winter Quarters. The
tremendous pressure of the ice tore
the whole fleet from the moorings,
crashing the steamers together and
forcing them some hundred, yards
down stream. The Northern Com
mercial steamer Mississippi was
crowded ashore on the beach. She is
entirely out of water with a big twist
in her hull. The steamer Lightning
was caught in a jam below Dawson
and was unable to get out. The. flood
swept 500 cords of wood, worth $5000,
from ¦ Dawson . beach. '.'¦ The steamer J.
P. Perry, operating between- Kyak
Island and Catella'and Chilkat Point,
mainland, was wrecked ; at Kyak . Oc
tober. 23,. during a storm which drove
her ashore after she had filled with
water, v She is believed to be a total
wreck/ No lives were lost., The Per
ry belonged 1 to Captain Corlow-
Jamming of the Ice Above the Mouth
of the Klondike River Causes
Considerable Loss.
STEAMERS WINTERING
AT DAWSON ARE DA3IAGED
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Court granted an alternative writ of
habeas corpus in favor of .Zabala and
Wyatt late yesterday. The. matter will
come up for hearing, before the Justices
in bank at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Local attorneys say; the point involved
has never before been presented in any
California 'court It has been decided
in other States . in similar cases that
a lawyer . need not labor for a client
who cannot pay adequate fees.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 10.— At the ar
raignment of Louis Buelna/ accused of
felony, J. J. Wyatt and P. Zabala, at
torneys of Salinas, appeared for the
defendant, but when tne case was
called for trial yesterday they failed
to appear. Judge bmith issued a cita
tion and the attorneys were brought
into court this mornin-. in the mean
time the court had appointed two
other lawyers to defend Buelna. On
their appearance in court this morning
Wyatt and Zabala refused to defend
Buelna upon the ground that they
wer<» not members of the Santa Cruz
County bar and could not be compelled
to defend the prisoner without com
pensation. Thereupon the court fined
them each $50 for contempt. A friend
in Salinas was notified or their posi
tion and C. F. Lacey of that city left
for San Francisco to bring the mat
ter before the Supreme Court on a writ
of fcabeascorpus.
TWO LAWYERS OF SALINAS
ARE FINED FOR CONTEMPT
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 10.— Mrs. An
thony J. Drexel-Biddle and Mrs. W.
Hinckle Smith are at odds, and the
matter is the topic of grossip in the so
cial circles of the city. The cause of
it all is a maid — Florence Dougherty —
vho was in the household of Mr. Bid
<Ile. In time she became indispensable.
A better offer came from Mrs. Smith
and in the latter's household the maid
was not long in attaining a place as
responsible as that which she enjoyed
with the Biddies.
Mrs. Smith had a houseful of pu—tp
ten days ago at her Bryn Mawr
country place, when the maid informed
her Mrs. Blddle had made her a fine
offer and she was going back to her.
Among Mr. Biddle's mail the next
morning was a dainty missive from
Mrs. Smith. It is said that the recipient
turned it over to his attorney and then
telephoned to Bryn Mawr that the
writer could address any further corre
spondence in the same vein to the legal
adviser of Mrs. Biddle's husband. Mrs.
Smith avers that she said nothing
more in the letter than an offended
matron had the privilege of saying. *
"It was a mean thing," said Mrs.
Smith to-night, "a lamentable breach
of etiquette, and I have received no end
of sympathy."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— My Dear
Miss Galbreth: Will you kindly allow
me, as a token of my appreciation, to
inclose my photograph. Sincerely
yours. THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
The young woman was Miss Ida Gal
breth. a teacher in the public schools
of Columbia City. To-day she received
a letter from President Roosevelt which
read:
When he had finished speaking a
crowd of Democrats gathered . around
him and were congratulating him on
his speech. A young woman pushed
her way through the crowd, but when
Captain Hobson extended nis hand she
did not take it Instead, she declared
that she did not believe one word that
he had said about the President and
that he ought not to make such asser
tions.
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 10.— When
Captain Richmond P. Hobson spoke at
Columbia City in the closing days of
the campaign, he was very severe In
hi3 criticisms of President Roosevelt,
declaring among other things that the
President was tyrannical and that hi3
purpose ultimately was to set up a
dictatorship in this country. ~'.'\*
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 10. —
Colton is all agog over a forgery al
leged to have been committed by Mrs.
J. Pence. Mr. and Mrs. Nelson, an oc
togenarian couple, owned some prop
erty in Colton on the revenues of
which they lived, and great was their
surprise when they received word
from a Los Angeles money lender to
day that he held a mortgage against
the property. Nelson hurried to
James Waters, the former City Clerk,
and was told by him that a deed had
been made over to his daughter, Mrs.
Pence, on his (Nelson's) authority
and Waters produced documents
which bore the alleged signature of
the grief stricken old man. The in
strument provided that the property
was to go into the possession of Mrs.
Pence with the understanding that
she would take care of her parents as
long as they lived. Upon obtaining
the deed Mrs. Pence gave a mortgage
for $1500 and it was upon the expira
tion of the note given as security that
the discovery of the alleged forgery
was made. Suit was at once brought
to cancel the mortgage. Mrs. Pence
has lately been living at Goldfleld.
Allegation Is Made That She Forged
Deeds to Raise Money on Prop
erty Owned by Father.
ROME, Nov. 10.— On the proposal of
the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs,
King Victor has decided to send to J.
Pierpont Morgan the insignia of a
Knight of the Crown of Italy, as a
testimonial of the gratitude of the
Italian nation for the voluntary return
of the Ascoli cope to the Italian Gov
ernment. The decoration will be sent
also to General di Cesnola, director of
the Metropolitan Museum of Arts, for
the part he has taken in obtaining a re
turn of the precious vestment.
Mazzoni, Mayor of Ascoli. has opened
a public subscription to offer Morgan
a valuable gift in the name of the city
which had lost the precious relic. A
large sum has already been obtained
for the purpose, and the presentation
will, be made soon by the Italian Era
bassador In Washington. \i\
S3«cial Dispatch to The Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DAUGHTER IS ACCUSED
OF DEFRAUDING PARENTS
LEADERS OF SOCIETY AT WAR
OVER THE SERVICES OF MAID
Mrs. Biddee and Mrs. Smith Want Domestic
Thanks the Woman
Who ReDuM
Hobson.
Italy Confers a Dec
oration Upon
MAPflPQTl
IVUMdlh
. . . - . -¦ - o .
"Yes, I knew Miss Dolbeer very well,
she was like my own child." was . the
answer of Mrs. Moody to the opening
question.
"Will you state generally the mental
and physical characteristics of Mis?
Dolbeer?" ¦
"She was rather . of a phlegmatic
Mrs. Ida J. Moody's reasons for De
lleving the mind of Bertha Dolbeer
was unbalanced when she executed her
will were given to the jury yesterday
in the trial of the contest in Judge
Coffey's court. Looking back over In
cidents that aroused no misgivings at
the time, said Mrs. Moody in her de
position, it was now clear to her that
her niece had lost control of her men
tal powers before she left San Francis
co for the European tour that j ended
with the tragic death of the young
heiress while stopping over in New
York on her way home to this city.
Mrs. Moody, who is a sister of Adolph
Schander, the contestant, and whose
sister was Miss Dolbeer's mother, de
clared that the will, which bequeathed
the bulk of the estate of $1,000,000 to
Miss Etta M. Warren, a friend
and companion, was very unjust, for
there were those of kin who needed the
money and should have had It to edu
cate their children properly.
The aunt of the testatrix is one of
the strongest witnesses for the contest
ant. . She disclaims any Interest in the
suit, further than to see justice done.
But she could tell only one Incident
indicating mental unsotmdness on the
part of Miss Dolbeer. That was on
the Sunday before the heiress started
for Europe and the day after she had
executed her will. On this occasion
Miss Dolbeer j had what the deponent
described as a "paroxysm of terror."
* Some parts of Mrs. Moody's deposi
tion could not be read to the jury be
cause of conflict with rules of evidence.
The statement that her daughter, Mrs.
Douglas Sloane Watson, said she (Mrs.
Watson) could break the will easily
if she desired to do so, by telling the
contents of a in which Miss
Warren had written of Miss Dolbeer's
insanity, was not allowed to reach the
ears of the jurors. It is understood
that Mrs. Watson will make denial, if
called to the Stand, of a number of such
statements.
To-day the deposition of Frederick
A. Greenwood, well known in business
and social circles, will be taken. He
was a friend of Miss Dolbeer and will
testify that she never showed any
signs of, a failing mind.
Just before adjournment yesterday
Hiram Johnson enlivened things by de
manding production of tne depositions
which the ' proponents had taken in
New York on October 21 and 22. There
was a covert allusion to "suppression
of depositions." and Johnson complain
ed bitterly of the methods resorted to
by proponents to hamper his side of
the case. McEnerney explained that
the depositions had not yet arrived
from the East, but that a telegram
would be sent asking that they be foT
warded with all dispatch."
MRS. MOODY'S DEPOSITION".
MRS. IDA J. MOODT, AtTNT OF
BERTHA M. DOLBEER, AND
"WITNESS FOR CONTESTANT.
PRESIDENT
SENDS HIS
PORTRAIT
KNIGHTHOOD
FOR A KING
OF FINANCE
When the news of the murders reach
ed Fayette a special train was ordered
and more than fifty citizens left for
Montgomery, armed with rifles. All
afternoon and to-night the posse has
been in the mountains, but it seems
impossible to locate the Jacksons.
Jackson reloaded his revolver, drew
another from his pocket, and, brand
ishing both pistols, defied any one to
arrest him. His two brothers joined
him and for half an hour they waJked
the streets, defying the citizens and
the police.
Detective Harrison Ash, who lived
near by and who is known as the
"nerviest man in the State," was tele
phoned to and when he came gallop
ing into sight on horseback the Jack
son boys started on a run for the
mountains, not far away, and escaped.
Jackson, and, placing his hand on his
shoulder, requested him to leave town
or submit to arrest. Jackson, without
replying, drew a pistol and shot at the
Sheriff three times, every bullet tak
ing effect. John Rolf started toward
Jackson with uplifted hands and the
latter turned his firearm upon him and
shot him also.
Just as he stepped from the train
h<? paw Harvey Jackson standing fifty
feet away. The Sheriff walked over to
MONTGOMERY, W. Va.. Nov. 10.—
Sheriff Daniels of Fajrette County and
John Ro-lf, a prominent citizen of this
city, were phot and killed to-day by
Harvey Jackson, brother of W. A.
Jackson, the constable who was killed
yesterday by William Elliott, a police
man. The murders to-day were com
xnitted while Harvey Jackson and two
brothers were seeking to avenge W. A.
Jackson's death. The brothers es
caped, but a posse of 200 men is in pur
euit ar.d a lynching may follow.
The thr^e brothers of Constable
Jackson live in the rural districts of
Fayette County. They heard early
this morning of W. A. Jackson's mur
der and came to Montgomery, swear
ing vengeance upon the Mayor and the
entire police force of the city.
The officials, fearing the Jackson
brothers, went Into- hiding and sent a
telephone m«Fsage to Sheriff Daniels
for assistance. The Sheriff boarded a
train at Fayette and arrived in Mont
gomery at 10 o'clock.
Special *T>lspatch to The Ca II.
West Virginia . Mountaineer Commits Two Murders
to Avenge the Killing of His Brother.
SHOOTS DOWN SHERIFF AND CITIZEN
Julius "Weber was one of Auburn's
oldest Residents. He formerly owned
the Auburn Brewery and was reported
to be worth $40,000. His family stood
well in the community. Miss Weber
was a favorite in church and society
circles. \.f
Sheriff • Keena and District Attorney
Robinson are at work on the case.
What leads to the theory that a mad
man committed the terrible crimes is
that the affair occurred so early in the
evening. If Mr. Weber was burned
there is no one left to tell the tale.. A
son, Adolph. aged 20, was downtown
when the fire broke out. He is In such
a nervous state now that little can be
learned from him. When the fire bell
rang 'he rushed to his home, climbed
into the burning building and had to
be taken away by force.
Some of the neighbors say that when
they first noticed the fire it was in the
lower story and that they saw the two
women on the porch above. This story
is hardly reasonable, however, as the
wounds would indicate that the mur
derer first made sure of his victims
and then set flre to the building to hide
hia crime.
Drs. Todd and Rooney will make au
topsies on the bodies to determine the
exact cause of death.
Coroner Shepard 'immediately took
charge of the three bodies and on mak
ing an examination discovered that
Mrs. Weber had a bullet wound In her
breast. Her clothing was saturated
with blood. The Httle boy. Paul, was
cut in several places on the head. The
cuts averaged about a quarter of an
inch In depth. His little night shirt
was covered with blood. He evidently,
had been stunned and left for dead,
but recovered only to be suffocated by
smoke. • •
Miss Weber's body is so badly burned
that no marks are discernible.
AUBURN, Nov. 10.— What appears to
be one of the most atrocious murders
ever committed. In this part of the
State took place here to-night. The
crime is thought by some to have been
the work of a madman. Others hold to
the theory of robbery.
The handsome; home of Julius Weber
was seen to be in flames about 7:30
o'clock this evening, but as the build
ing was out of the. fire limits the fire
companies could not reach It in time to
stay the progress of the fire. Many of
the neighbors rushed to the house and
while they were taking out some of
the furniture George Ruth, noticed a
woman on the floor. Dragging hej- into
the open air, he xecognized her as'- Miss
Bertha Weber. She was dead. Ruth
again entered the burning house and
carried out another body, that of Mrs.
Weber. Going in a. third' time, Paul
Weber, aged 9, rushed into his arms.
The little fellow^ was hurriedly taken
to the open air. v^here he soon expired.
-U JsJ^U^-sMO^t-ihe body- of Jv**vrt
Web«r, the husband arid'fatherV wflKhfe
found in the debris when the search is
renewed at daylight.
Husband and Father of the Victims
Is Missing and It Is Thought That
' He Also Perished.
"Lawson is convinced tnat it is time
something should be done to protect
the interests of the minority. He is
convinced that the Union Pacific-
Southern Pacific, combine does not own
more than a small percentage of the
stock and has been going before the
public under false colors.
"The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany, on the basis of its business,
ought to pay at least a 4 per cent div
idend and in order to test this point
and get a standing in court Lawson is
making a bid fc-r the stock at $70. If
it turns out tha« Lawson is correct in
his opinion Jie will get control of the
Pacific Mail, which promises to be a
great factor in the building up of trade
in fhe Orient."
"It is generally understood that the
Southern and Union Pacific railroads
control the stock of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, one of the prop
erties of Huntington. Lawson is a
minority stockholder and is in a po
sition to know thatvthe Pacific Mail
Steamship Company has been making
large profits In the regular order of
business. The profits thereby accru
ing have gone to the Union Pacific-
Southern Pacific combination and the
minority stockholders have been left
out in the cold.
"I herewith agree to deliver to Thom
as W. Lawson In Boston on or before
Monday, November 28, 1904. shares
el Pacific Mail Steamship Co. stock,
upon payment by him to me of $70 py
share."
According to a friend who has the
confidence of Lawson the -bid tor thd
stock is a part of the general attack
he has planned against the Rockefeller
and Harriraan interests. Said this man:
"Will you, to enable me to do 60,
sign the attached blank and send same
to me. by return mall?
"THOMAS W. LAWSON.
"Boston, Nov. 10, 1904."
The appended blank form is as fol
lows :
"Notice to the stockholders of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company— The
capital stock of this company outstand
ing is 200,000 shares; 100,050 shares are
owned by the Southern Pacific-Union
Pacific railroads. They cost them $100
per share. The -present market price
of the stock is $42. As the largest
stockholders next to the Southern Pa
citic-Union Pacific I will pay $70 per
share for substantially 93,000 shares or
over - all the outstanding minority
stock, provided I can purchase same
on or before Monday, November 21,
1904. , ,,. :\ ; :
BOSTON, Nov. 10.— Thomas W. Law
son to-day gave out this advertisement
for to-morrow morning's papers:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Claim Is Made That Minority Share
holders Are Deprived of Their
Profits.
Assassin T&en Sets Fire to
Home in Hope of Hifling
M Crime.
Meanwhile Wynne is determined to
"have *>very suspected spot in the de
partment cleaned up. When he nccept
o<3 the office of Postmaster General he
eaid to the President:
"Whether I am in office two minutes,
two months or two years I desire to
matter ¦with Postmaster General
Wynne for whatever action the de
velopments may show to be necessary-
President Roosevelt ordered this in
vestigation before the death of Post
master General Payne, but the fact
that the Inquiry had been going on
for nearly two months did not become
known until to-day. The report of the
Department of Justice will be made to
the President, who will take up the
CALL BITKKAU. HOTEL. BARTON.
TVASHIXGTOX. Not. 10.— A new In
vestigation of the PostoJTlce Depart
jnent is now under way, directed
egainst the railway mall service, which
calls for the largest single item of ex
penditure in the service. A half-dozen
railway mail contracts are now before
the Department of Justice for exam
lnaticn as to their legality, and that
department is investigating charges of
collusion by Government officials, some
cf whom are E-jpposed to be in Con
gress.
It is Wynne's intention to transfer
the division of postofflce Inspectors
from the fourth assistant's office to the
office of the Postmaster General. Other
changes contemplated place all of the
letter carriers in one bureau, together
with all postoffice clerks not imme
diately connected with the department
in Washington.
Wynne has ordered a further Investi
gation of certain contracts in the- sup
ply division. Wynne says if it is found
that a saving can be made, he will not
hesitate to break the contracts now in
force.
Wynne told the President that, while
there had been a very thorough in
vestigation of the first assistant post
master's bureau, there were other divi
sions in the departmeht that required
investigation, if for no other reason
than to convince the public that the
prevailing suspicions had been un
founded.
President Roosevelt gave "Wynne cor
dJal support and his instructions were:
"Go ahead."
make every effort to have an absolute
ly honest and clean department from
top to bottom. So Ion? as I am at the
head I shall Insist upon such an ad
ministration from every official un
der me."
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Hopes to Wrest Control
From Harriman and
Rockefeller.
Mother, Ijaugliter and
Son Arf Murdered
at Auburn.
Charges of Collusion in Connection With
Carrying Contracts Will Be Probed
to the Bottom.
Lawson Oilers Al
most Double Its
Value.
New Postmaster General
Is Conducting an Inquiry
RAILWAY MAIL SERVICE
BEING INVESTIGATED BY
THE PRESIDENT'S ORDER
KILLS TWO
WOMEN AND
YOUNG BOY
BIDS HIGH
FOR PACIFIC
MAIL STOCK
MRS. MOODY'S DEPOSITION READ
MISS DOLBEER S AUNT PROVES POSITIVE WITNESS IN WILL CONTEST
THE THEATERS. >-; .-."•'.¦
ALOAZAR— 'T*rlne« KarL~
CALIFORNIA— "Swwt Clover.**
CENTRAL — "Her Marrlasa Vow."
COLUMBIA— "The County Chairman."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER* 8— Vaud«vlll«.
GRAND — "Pretty Peggy."
MAJESTIC — "An American OUita."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLJ — "The Messenger Boy."
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 164.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast rr.ajJe at San Francisco fot
thirty hours endior mlin'.Eht, Novem
ber 11:
Saa Fraaritc© and vicinity — Cloudy
Friday; fr««h northeast wind.
A. G. McAXHE,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.Roosevelt's Mate's Future Predicted at
a Banquet.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. lO.-TNearly
one* hundred of the representative
and professional men of Indianapolis,
with a number of distinguished guests,
including Vice President-elect Fair
bunks, were. brought together to-night
at the Columbia Club on the occasion
of the annual banquet of the Mer
chants' Association. John B. Farwell
PRISONER TRIES TO ' ESCAPE.— George
Johnson tried to escape while being trans.
t erred from th« City Prison to the County
Jail yesterday morning. He was captured
after a short chase. Johnson Is under sentence
to serve sixty days for stealing a case of .oil.
FAIRBANKS FOR PRESIDENT.
VICTORY FOR LA FOLLETTE.
Governor's Manager Claims His Fac
tion Will Control State Legislature.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Nov. 10. —
Chairman Connor of La Follette
State Central Committee to-day claims
that the next Assembly will contain
seventy and the Senate nineteen sup
porters of Governor La Follette's
The men were released on bonds of
$1000 each and their hearing set for
Monday next.
DENVER, Nov. 10. — Pour men
were brought before the Supreme
Court to-day on citations charging
violation of the court's mandate con
cerning frauds at the election Tues
day.. They are Thomas Douglas,
Thomas Shepardson, Frank Atkins
and Michael Doud, who served as
election officials. Their arrest was
basefl on affidavits of special watch
ers appointed by the Supreme Court,
who swore that the men caused the
lights to be extinguished at the polling
place where they were serving long
enough to substitute Democratic bal
lots for Republican ballots properly
cast and which at the time were
spread out on a table preparatory to
belnsr counted.
Four Men Arrested for Crooked Work
at Polls. ,':
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 10. — The
board of location and organization of
the National Guard of California met
to-day ' In the Capitol, Governor
George C Pardee and Adjutant Gen
eral J. B. Lauck being present. The
purpose of the meeting was to nil va
cancies caused by the muster out of
Companies H (Talbot, Orange Coun
ty), L (Santa Ana, Orange County),
Seventh Infantry, and Company I,
Second Infantry (Grass Valley).. Pe
titions for new companies were re
ceived from Vacaville, Willows, Santa
Ana, Long Beach and Crescent City.
New companies were established In
the following places: Company
Seventh Infantry, at Long Beach;
Company L, Seventh Infantry,' at San
ta Ana; Company I, Second Infantry,
at Vacaville.
The new orders will be Issued im
mediately.
Board of Ix>catlon of the National
Guard Holds Important Meeting
at Sacramento. -•>;
SUBSTTTDTIOX CHARGED.
AUTHORIZES ORGANIZATION
OP MILITARY OOMPA"NIES
OVERWHEL3HNG VOTE.
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., Nov. 10.
The official returns for West Virginia
are not yet in, but 'from returns now
in Roosevelt's plurality in the State la
placed at from 25,000 to 30,000.
The Republican State Committee
claims the election of W. G. Lawson
(R.) for Governor by a plurality of
over .9000. The Democratic State
Committee concedes his election by
about 6000. The Legislature will be
overwhelmingly Republican in both
branches, the Democrats having ' only
six out of thirty Senators. The Demo
cratic State headquarters were closed
to-night.
Roosevelt's Plurality in West Virginia
Estimated at 30,000.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10. — Judge Par
ker came to this city from Esopus to
day. He Is quoted as saying to friends
on the train: "Of course I am going
to return to the law business. I have
several engagements under considera
tion, but I have made no decision yet
It may be that I shall first take a holi
day trip, not for myself, but for the
benefit of Mrs. Parker."
On his arrival here he went to the
Manhattan Club for a chat with
friends. He later went to the resi
dence of William F. Sheehan in East
Twenty-sixth street, where he dined.
He met several Judges of the Supreme
Court, among whom were members of
the appellate division, and with them
he talked over the election. He spent
the night at Sheehan's home and will
return to Rosemount to-morrow.
tice of Law.
Judge Says He Will Return to Prac-
PARKER IN* XEW YORK.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 10. — Com
plete but unofficial figures received
from every county in the State with
the exception of Allegheny, in which
Pittsburg is situated, but from where
a close estimate has been obtained,
show that President Roosevelt's plu
rality in Pennsylvania has reached
494,952, probably the largest plurality
ever given a Presidential candidate by
any State in the political history of
the country. President Roosevelt's
total vote, according to figures at
hand. Is 830,662 and Judge Parker's
836,600.
Pennsylvania Gives Roosevelt Plural
ity of Nearly Half a Million.
RECORD BREAKING VOTE.
There was absolutely no disaffection in Tam
manr; there is no disaffection now. and there
will b# do rhake-ap In the organisation." The
leaders worked fillUrently and loyally for the
entlr* tlckrt.. Considering th* proportions of
th« landslide. Tammany did wonderfully well.
Manhattan and the Bronx gave Partcer a
"Do you think it was the heavy
vote for Roosevelt that pulled Hig
gins through?"
"No. I should not put it that way."
he replied. "I will say that Roosevelt
recelred a larger vote than I expected,
but while he undoubtedly helped Hlg
«rin«, I think the latter rot the full Re
publican vote. It is only to be ex
pected that the candidates for Gov
ernor should run behind the national
ticket."
Murphy, in an interview, said:
NEW YORK, Nov. 10. — Governor
Odell, chairman of the Republican
State Committee, and Charles F. Mur
phy, leader of Tammany Hall, ex
pressed themselves on the election re
eults to-day, each finding cause for
¦gratification. Governor Odell was
pleased over the general result, espe
cially the election of Hlggins, while
Murphy said that, In view of the gen
eral result, his organization had done
better than any other part of the
country. Governor Odell was asked:
l^ach Finds Cause for Gratification
In the Election Returns.
PASADENA, Nov. 10.— That great
trouble may result from a slight cleri
cal error was exemplified here this
week, when it was found that the City
Hall, valued at $50,000. and the Villa
street engine house, worth $12,000, had
been sold for a few dollars delinquent
taxes. The discovery was made by
accident by the City Auditor. The mis
take was easily explained. City prop
erty is exempt from taxation. Each
year the clerk reports to the county
the list of property owned by the city.
Two years ago this report was made,
but through a slip the ground upon
which the public buildings stand was
listed by the County Assessor to the
former owners from whom the city
purchased, viz. W. W. rord and Mrs.
G. I. Ward, who of course did not
know about it; Time passed and the
property was advertised and sold. By
chance the City Auditor heard about it
and recognized the lots as those upon
which ths municipal buildings have
been erected. He looked the matter
up, comparing the lots sold with those
upon which the City Hall and engine
house stand, and found that the prop
erty has not belonged to Pasadena for
two years according to law. Steps' are
now being taken to buy the real es
tate and Improvements back. This
may be easily accomplished, of course,
tha city simply paying the delinquent
taxes and then applying for a rebate
of the amount. But had the error been
overlooked for three years more, as
might easily have been the case, then
the mistake could not nave been rec
tified except by the city buying back
its ownership at whatever price the
owner at that time might ask.
Public Buildings Are Disposed
of Through Mistake.
Pasadena's Auditor Discovers That
CITY PROPERTY IS SOLD
FOR DELINQUENT TAXES
ROME, Nov. 10. — The election of
Roosevelt has been made the occasion
tor the issuance of an Italian trans
lation of his. book, "The Strenuous
Life," which is having a large sale.
All the newspapers of Rome print ap
preciative articles on the election of
Roosevelt. The Patria says:
Mr. Roosevelt doea not represent a party, but
a superior individuality. He la the most per
sonai man in the United States' and In a pri
vate way la a champion of a itrong and vic
torious race, destined through Us virtues and
irrepressible energy to have the largest part In
the history of the world.
The Osservatore Romano, organ of
the Vatican, says:
Mr. Roosevelt, while an eminent statesman,
ablx diplomat and eloquent writer, is showing
depth and broadness. II* stands out for sim
plicity of life, love of family aad rectitude of
principles. Therefor* It is easy to understand
the manifestations of rejoicing over his elec
tion, in which numerous Catholics In tho great
republic jt In, having nothing to say of him but
V-ralse,
How Italian Editors View the Tri
umph of Roosevelt.
NOT A PARTY VICTORY.
This year's figures show a gain of
more than 3000 Socialist votes over
four years ago, but the vote given
Debs in this State at Tuesday's elec
tion will not be over one-half of the
vote of 25,251 of John C. Chase of
Haverhill, Socialist candidate for Gov
ernor a year a«o.
BOSTON, Nov. 10. — The vote given
the Presidential candidates of minor
parties In last Tuesday's election In
Massachusetts shows little difference
from that of four [ years ago. With
twenty-five small towns missing, the
combined vote of the Socialist Labor,
Socialist, Prohibition and People's
party was 20,960, divided as follows:
Debs (S.) 12,978, Watson (Peo.) 1225.
In 1900 all the towns and cities
gave the Socialist Presidential candi
date 9607, the Socialist Labor party
polled 2599 and the Prohibitionists
6202.
Debs Makes a Gain of 3000 in Mas*
sachusetts.
w-yOTEOP MINOR PARTIES.
PANAMA, Nov. 10. — In celebration
of the election of President Roose
velt to the Presidency a large number
of Panamans serenaded Joseph W.
Lee, the American charge d'affaires
here.
Celebration in Panama.
CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. 11.— The
straw vote in the American colony In
Mexico City, which was participated
in by many of .the colony, demon
strated conclusively the choice of
Roosevelt for President. All had sup
posed that the colony would go over
whelmingly Democratic. The result
was: . Roosevelt 335, Parker 215,
Swallow 18, Debs 10, Watson 4. .
Americans in 3Iexico \ r ote.
The papers generally, speak, of Pres
ident Roosevelt, as ' an imposing fig
ure on the 'international stage of the
world, of cosmopolitan education and
additional' and varied accomplish
ments and as a Unique figure in the
long line of American Presidents.
I>fln:it-lr and la unmistakable manner ths
American electoral FUunps Its approval on the
Imperialistic and expansionist policy of the
dominant part}'. The mighty union now com
mits Itself to f the retention Of ail the Insular
territory acquired from Spain, to the rapid
pushing to. completion of the Panama canal, to
The building up -of a great navy and to the
movement for strengthening the military arm
of the Government. - ' .
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 10. — The result
of the American election has been
much discussed in political circles.
The Mexican Herald comments on the
almost unprecedented majority by
which the American people have ap
proved . the record and indorsed the
ideas of President Roosevelt and have
given him a mandate to continue his
vigorous foreign policy. It says:
mitted to Imperialism.
American Nation Believed to Be Com-
With the returns from nine counties
missing Folk's plurality for Governor
on the Democratic ticket stands at
34,883. Figures on the remainder of
the Democratic ticket are still missing.
Republican Chairman Neiderhaus con
cedes that Folk has been elected Gov
ernor, but states that there is not the
least doubt that the remainder of the
Democratic ticket has been defeated.
He said:
"The Republicans will have a ma
jority/in the Legislature on joint bal
lot of at least fourteen. This means
the election-* of a Republican United
States Senator. The Republicans have
elected eight Congressmen and the Six
teenth District is 1 in doubt; its returns
may show the j election of one more
Congressman,, making nine in all. We
will contest the elections in the Elev
enth-and Twelfth districts."
Republicans Claim Rest of State
Ticket in Missouri.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 10.— With seven
counties still to be heard from the re
terns show that Roosevelt's plurality
in Missouri stood at 16,775. Of the
seven counties unheard from six went
for Bryan in 1900. They are remote
and sparsely settled.
CONCEDE FOLK'S ELECTION.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— Harry S. New,
national commltteeman from Indiana
and a member of the national execu
tive committee, announced to-night
before leaving this city for his home
in Indianapolis that he would be a
candidate for the Senatorship to be
made vacant when Vice President
elect Fairbanks resigns the position
he now holds.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 10. —
Vice President-elect Fairbanks has
received numerous telegrams of con
gratulation. , Among the many hun
dreds of messages received to-day was
one from Secretary of State Hay, Sen
ator Foraker, John J. McCook of
New York, John Dover of Washing
ton, Senator Scott, Senator Platt of
New York, Senator Hopkins of Illi
nois, Thomas Taggart, chairman' of
the National Democratic Committee,
and Chairman Cortelyou.
?
Wants to Succeed Fairbanks.
Fairbanks Is Congratulated.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
A. C. DIETZ PASSES AWAY.
Adams' Election as Governor of Colo
rado Is Conceded.
DENVER, . Nov. 10.— The defeat of
Governor James H. Peabody by Alva
Adams, Democrat, is no longer serious
ly disputed by the Republican leaders,
and all the. other candidates on the
Democratic ticket also appear to be
elected. Republicans allege fraud in
the balloting in some Denver precincts
and threaten to contest the State elec
tion. However, as Adams has a plu
rality of 10,500. of which 6700 is in the
State outside the city and county of
Denver, his election seems to be as
sured beyond a question of doubt. Ad
ams ran ahead of all other candidates
on his ticket, and complete returns
may show that some Republican can
didates are elected. Adams' Denver
plurality Is 4838, and he carried his
home county (Pueblo) by 1500.
John F. Shafroth (Democrat) claims
that he has been elected Congressman
at largo, but the returns are so ' in
complete that the result cannot- be
positively stated. Robert W. Bonynge
(Republican) is elected in the First
District, and Herschel M. Hogg (Re
publican) in the Second.
The Democrats will control both
branches of the ' Legislature unless
Denver members-elect are thrown out
on contests.
Republican Chairman Falrley to-day
conceded the defeat of Governor Pea
body.
The Post, which supported Governor
Peabody, says this afternoon:
"The latest returns from all over the
State to-day indicate that Peabody
will come to Denver with a plurality
of between 2000 and 2500. With Adams'
plurality here of between 5000 and 6000
Adams will be made Governor by a
plurality of between 3000 and 4000. The
Democrats have elected John F. Sha
froth Congressman at large and a
majority of the Legislature of 21 on
loint ballot. They claim a majority of
25 in the Senate and of 3 in the lower
house."
ANOTHER SENATOR GAINED.
Well Known Oakland Capitalist Dies
Suddenly at Ventura.
VENTURA. Nov. 10. — A. C. Dietz,
the well known Oakland capitalist,
died, at his country home In this
county to-day. His wife and daugh
ter, who had been with him on a visit.
left for the Dietz home in Oakland
last night, but were called back to
day. Deceased had been a well-known
figure in California mercantile affairs
and was one of San Francisco's early
day merchants, having a large whole
sale oil business on Front street in
that city. At one time he was an ex
tensive property owner in Oakland,
among his other holdings being the
Dietz Opera-house. He purchased ex
tensive tracts of oil lands in this
county y^ars ago and for many years
has made his home here, where he
bred fine horses. He leaves a widow,
son .and daughter. He was a native
of New York and aged 72.
DEATH Of 1 NOTED WOMAN.
Republicans Will Control the Montana
Legislature.
• BUTTE. Mont., Nov. 10. — The re
turns from Tuesday's '.election thus
far received seem to give the Repub
licans the better of it in the next Leg
islature. A Republican Legislature in
sures the return of former United
States Senator Thomas H. Carter to
the United States Senate.
MICKEY RE-ELECTED.
Repudiated Wife or the Late Premier
Crispi Passes Away.
ROME. Nov. 10. — Rosalie Mont
masson is dead. She was the repudi
ated wife of -the late Pramler Crprpf
and the woman with whom he spent
his moat stirring days. She partici
pated In his exile and also in the war
of independence, being the only wom
an member of the famous expedition
of 1000 which conquered the two Sici
lies. Rosalie Montmasson was deco
rated by Garibaldi on the battlefield.
Death Calls Pioneer Broker.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11. — Charles
Schumacher Sr., head of the brokerage
firm of Schumacher & Co., who had
been a member of the Stock Exchange
for fifty years, died to-day.
Repnblican Candidate for Governor
Wins in Nebraska.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 10. — Late to
day the fusion leaders conceded tho
re-election of Governor Mickey by a
plurality which will probably reach
from 7000 to 10,000/ The late returns
increased his gains In a material way
and left no doubt of his receiving a
substantial majority.
Wife of Author Is Dead.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. — Mrs. Will
Carlton, wife of Will Carlton. the
poet-author, died suddenly during the
night at her home in Brooklyn.
Plurality in Ohio Nearly 250,000.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 10.— Nearly
complete returns to-night show close
to 250,000 plurality for the Roosevelt
and Fairbanks electors. Only eighteen
out of the eighty-eight counties in the
State have be"en carried for Parker,
only one Democratic Congressman
has been elected out of twenty-one.
State Chairman Harvey Garber, the
Democratic candidate in the Fourth
District, has 1600 plurality in a dis
trict normally 6000 Democratic
Death of a Prominent Lawyer.
TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 10. — Judge W.
H. Barnes, one of the most prominent
lawyers In Arizona, dropped dead tu
night.
Babcock's Re-election Certain.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 10.— Secretary
Frank R. Bentley of the Stalwart Re
publican faction stated to-night that
the returns . received by him. from
every precinct in the Third Congres
sional District show that Congressman
Joseph W. Babcock is re-elected be
yond a doubt and that his plurality is
249.
Democratic Governor in Minnesota.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 10. — Incom
plete returns from all counties In Min
nesota show that Johnson, Democrat,
was elected Governor by a plurality of
18,756.
Tie Vote In Indiana.
MADISON, Ind., Nov. 10.— In the
Fourth Distrlot of Indiana the vote on
Representative between Wallace (R.)
and Cravens (D.) is a tie.
WILL MEET TO ADJUST
HIE PRICE OF STEKL
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— Under or
ders by the War- Department First
Class Private Jacob W. Komoroske.
signal corps, Benicia Barracks, Califor
nia, is transferred to Fort Sheridan,
Illinois. Private Charles A. Graugnard,
signal corps, Vancouver Barracks.
Washington, is transferred to Benicia
Barracks, Cal. The leave of absence
granted First Lieutenant Raymond F.
Metcalf, assistant surgeon, in special
orde* No. 229, October 27. Department
of Califcrnia, is extended one month.
Post Commissary Sergeant August
Niemann. now at 7102 Minnesota ave
nue, St. Louis, having relinquished the
unexpired portion of the furlough
granted him from the Department of
California, will be sent to Fort How
ard, Md., to relieve Post Commissary
Sergeant Thomas C. Jones. Sergeant
Jones will be sent to r»3attle. Wash.,
reporting to- the commissary depart
ment on the cable ship Burnslde for
duty. Post Commissary Sergeant Em il
H. Wunderllch, upon his arrival at
San Francisco from the Philippine Is
lands, will be sent to Fort Harrison,
Montana. Servant Edward A. Lovel
ly Jr.. hospital corps. Fort Wayne.
Michigan, will be sent to the Presidio.
San Francisco, and sail for Manila
with a detachment of Company B, hos
pltak corps, about December 1.
Keep your temper if it is good, and
don't lose It if it is bad.
Associations to Gather in New York
to Fix Scale to Salt Condition
of Market.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 10.— All the as
sociations controlling the price of steel
are to meet in New York next Tues
day and continue in session until the
whole list of prices has been revised
to suit the conditions which have
arisen in the iron and steel markets.
The associations which are included in
those to meet next week are the Billet,
Bar, Rail, Structural, Plate, Wire and
others. It is not expected that the
meetings will . end before the latter
part of the week.
The -prospects are that the scale of
prices determined upon next week will
rule until well into the first quarter
of the coming year and it is fully cer
tain that the prices will be advanced
in most of the lines. Prices of billets.
It la thought, will be increased to $21.
The present price Is $19 50 In Pitts
burgh
OAKLAND, Nov. 10. — The vote on
the constitutional amendments in Ala
meda County was as follows: Seawall
act — For 13,642, against 1135; Senate
constitutional amendment No. 2, re
lating to the judiciary and establish
ing courts : of appeal — For 9170,
against 8573; amendment for Acad
emy of Sciences — For 6716, against
6653; exempting shipping " from tax
ation—For 5661, against 7295; .relat
ing, to length of Legislative sessions — •
For 5802, against 6548; relating to
revenue and taxation— T For 6540,
against 5041; relating. to code amend
ments — For 6873, against 580? . : ' .-.-'
Oakland on Amendments.
At 'I headquarters of the Republican
State Central Committee the opinion
prevails that the constitutional amend
ment establishing three District Courts
of Appeals of California was ratified by
the people at Tuesday's election by a
splendid majority. The returns so far
received, and these are from the largest
voting centers of the State, show that
the amendment was supported by a
vote of almost three to one. The dis
tricts Vet to be heard from could not,
it is ) maintained, throw sufficient
strength against the amendment, even
if they voted solid, to overcome the
majority in its favor that has already
been recorded.
The ratification of this amendment
throws the responsibility of organizing
the first courts for the term of two
years upon the shoulders of Governor
Pardee. At the conclusion of this term
the appellate judges will be elected for
twelve year terms by popular vote.
Governor Pardee will not be handicap
ped for lack of aspirants, and it Is
highly probable that the present Su
preme Court Commission and the va
rious Superior Courts of the State will
be called upon to supply jurists to fill
the entire bench, with the possible ex
ception of ex- Judge M. T. Dooling, who
was defeated by William G. Lorigan at
Tuesday's election for the office of As
sociate Justice of the Supreme Court
for the unexpired term.
PLACED IN LINE.
When Judge Dooling was nominated
at the Santa Cruz convention it was
announced by his friends that while
they appreciated the fact that nothing
short of a Democratic landslide would
carry him into office, the nomination
would at least put him in line for ap
pointment t<J the Appellate Court. His
friends are' prepared ; to make the
strongest representations In their pow
er on behalf of Judge Dooling when
Governor Pardee takes up the work of
organizing the new tribunal.
Court Commissioners xs*. P. Chipman,
J. A. Cooper, D. H. Smith and R. G.
Harrison are also on record as candi
dates for appointment to the new
court, and although they have not yet
formally announced their desire for ap
pointment to the higher office It is said
among the politicians that Judge
James II. Seawell, who has just been
re-elected to the Superior Bench of
this city; Judge M. C. Sloss, also of the
Superior Court of San Francisco, and
Judge Thomas Lennon of Marln, are
among the aspirants for the Appellate
Court, whose desires for judicial prp
motion are being c6nsldered by the ap
pointing power.
If the contention of the central com
mittee that the amendment has passed
proves correct it is incumbent upon
Governor Pardee to immediately make
his appointments, that the new' court
may take up Its work without delay.
Under the amendment he is empowered
to appoint six men from one party and
three from any other or others.
THREE DEMOCRATS.
It Is hardly probable, however, that
any but the Republican and Demo
cratic parties will be considered in the
formation of the new court, and in
view of the politics of the present ap
pointing power the court will doubtless
be composed of six Republicans and
three Democrats, one of the latter faith
on the bench of each of the three dis
tricts Into which the court will be di
vided.
But the Appellate Court is not the
only object of interest the passing of
the election developed. Though Its ses
sion is yet some weeks away the Leg
islature Is already in an embryonic
state of organization. The question
as to who will be president pro tern, of
the Senate is crusing some discussion.
Thomas Flint Jr., who served in this
office from 1895 to 1903, failed of re
nomination at the late Santa Cruz con
vention, so a veteran of the Senate
must be found to take the place he
filled so long and undoubtedly would
have filled again had he been returned.
C. W. Pendleton of Los Angeles is a
candidate for the office, but the north
erners are pointing- to the fact that
with three candidates for the United
States Senate in the field— Bard, Flint
and Oxnard— the south will be suffi
ciently under the limelight even if
Pendleton's aspirations should fail of
realization. Frank W. Leavltt of Ala
meda has also let it be known that he
would not object to presiding over the
Senate, but San Francisco will file an
objection to his candidacy on the
ground that Alameda has been too
¦trong In her demands In the past.
WOLFE IN THE FIGHT.
"San Francisco should have this of
fice," said a leader of the party yes
terday. "It is almost certain that E.
I. . Wolfe of the Twenty-first District
will receive the support of the entire
San Francisco delegation and in all
probability he will win. He has Just
been returned to the Senate for the
third term, which makes him the
senior Senator from this city, if not
from the State, and this city is going
to fight hard for the office. This makes
Wolfe's chances very bright."
Frank J. Brandon, who has served
the Senate for many terms In the ca
pacity of secretary, will be reappoint
ed, it is said, and Lou Martin will
again fill the position of sergeant-at
arms in the upper House. •
The question of the organization of
the Assembly is hedged with more un
certainty even than that of the Senate.
Up to date but two men have been
mentioned as aspirants for Speaker of
the Assembly. These are Philip M.
Walsh of Alameda and A. M. Drew of
Fresno. How close either will come to
realizing his ambition remains to be
seen, as it Is evident that before the
Legislature is ready to go into session
many other candidates for the Speak
ership will enter the fight that as yet
has not. fairly started. It is said that
Clio Uoyd will be reappolnted chief
clerk of the House and that Jack
Stafford will again fill the office of ser
geant-at-arms of that body.
The question as to which of the ten
Republican electors will carry the vote
of California to the national capital
remains unsettled. George H. Pippy,
president of the Union League Club,
would like the honor and he is not
meeting with any particular opposition
from the San Francisco electors, but
Charles M. Hammond of Lake .County
is particularly anxious to place Cali
fornia's contribution to Roosevelt's
great victory in the hands of the na
tional ¦¦" committee. Mr. Hammond,
through the ties of marriage, it is said.
Is linked with Mr. Roosevelt's family.
This fact, eliminating all other ques
tions, makes Mr- Hammond's candi
dacy for the honor one that will not be
KINGSTON, N. Y., Nov. 10. — Judge
Parker, his wife j and daughter, Mrs.
Hall, are named as beneficiaries in the
will of Mrs.' Margaret E. Hess, which
was filed for probate In the Surro
gate's Court here to-day. Mrs. Hess,
who was a prominent social leader,
named 190 beneficiaries in- her. will,
most of whom are to receive, articles
she prized highly. Judge Parker re
ceives a valuable decanter and set of
wine glasses, owned by her father, the
late Judge William Cockbum.
New York Woman Leaves Judee De
canter and Glasses.
MEXICAN PRESS COMMENT.
Perhaps the Republican party would havo
won "thin election in any event, but the magni
tude of Its victory le due to the personality o.
President Roosevelt and It is his victory and
not that of his party. Ever since he entered
public life a* a member of the Assembly, eoon
after h»« (rraduatlcn from college, ha has had a
picturesque career, and hl« personality has been
an exceedingly attractive one to the people.
More than a year ago I stated that I thought
him the most skillful politician that had occu
pied the White House in my time. Recent
events have not changed my opinion In that
respect. I take my hat off to him.-
This If no time for Democrats to weep and
moan. Those who are Democrata In principle
will continue the fight. Any cne can fight
when ne Is a winner. Let the Democratic par
ty show that It can keep cool when beaten and
eventually turn victory into defeat. To Demo
crats I say: Keep up the organization w« have
have and strengthen it as much as possible.
ALBANY, N. Y., Nov. 10. — Judge D.
Cady Herrick, the defeated Demo
eiatic candidate for Governor, will
leave to-morrow for an extended visit
to Havana. His friends say that his
health was poor when he accepted the
nomination and that while he stood
the vigorous work of the campaign
well, he is now in need of rest and
recuperation. Upon his return he will
resume the practice of law. In dis
cussing the result of the election Judge
Hcrrick said: • * •
sonality Won the Victory.
Jndffe Hcrrick Says President's Per-
'ARKER NAMED IN WILL.
ALL DUE TO ROOSEVELT.
PEABODY IS DEFEATED.
UDELL AXD MURPHY PLEASED.
There will be no parsimony in ex
penditures, but there will be a rather
more rigid economy than was prac
ticed by Congress at its last session.
It is net likely that the result of
the election will have any change on
the attitude of the . President toward
either labor or capital. He has": not
modtflfd his views as to the right of
labor to unionize or of the non-union
man to work.
Already much is heard of schemes
Involving great expenditures of money.
Among them may be mentioned a plan
for improvement In the navigation of
the Mississippi River. This plan is
now being outlined and is Bald to be
something on a far more elaborate
•cale than that of the old Mississippi
Itiver Commission, which has expended
many millions.
Another is said to be a more elab
orate scheme for Irrigation of arid
land, which will take more money out
of the treasury than Is contemplated
by the plan now in operations
CAPITAL AND LABOR.
The President, it is said, will be
found urging upon Congress a-mod
ification of the Dingley tariff. He is
committed to the system % oi protection,
but he Is not committed to the main
tt nance of the Dingley schedules.
Whatever legislation may be recom
mended will he in the direction of ex
u nding the control of the Government
over corporations engaged in inter
state business.
Regarding the position of the Presi
dent with reference to the trusts and
treat combinations of capital, there
DM been nu change In his previous at
titude. At the coming session of Con
irress legislation bearing on the trust
question will be recommended. Its
character is nut known at this time. It
will 'arpely deptnd on the nature of
the report which will be made to the
1 "resident within a short time by
James R. (Jarfield, head of the Bureau
of Corporations of the Department of
Commerce and Labor. This bureau
was created to investigate the great
corporations of the country. The re-
Eults of these investigaticrlis are to be
reported to the President, who Is to
use the Information on which to base
hie recommendations to Congress. The
insults may be made public by him at
his discretion.
AXTJ-JTRl'ST LEGISLATION.
Whit Is to be the effect of this tre
xr.endouB victory on the mind of the
President in his general treatment of
public questions?
Is thi« tremendous victory likely to
disturb his equilibrium and make him
regard it as a mandate to do radical
thing*?
The President has been one of the
first of the party leaders to appreciate
the danger which might come to one
party from having more- than 100 ma
jority in the popular branch of Con
gress. He has led in sounding a warn
ing. The btatement on the results of
the election made by William H- Taft,
fcecretary of War. yesterday Is indi
cative vt the feelings of the President
on this point.
In this statement Taft took occasion
to Bay the danger of such a sweeping
victory was that It might lead to a
relaxing of th» restraint that is more
certain when the danger of a change
jo more probable. This statement was
made by the Secretary of War after a
Jong conference with the President.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— Two ques
tions are now uppermost in the public
r.ind since the indorsement of Presi
dent Roosevelt by pluralities without
parallel in American politics-
After all the interchange of telegrams
between San Francisco and Los Ange
les over the Republican banner, which,
up to yesterday morning, this cfty was
claiming, the emblem of the greatest,
party strength will remain in ths
southern county. San Francisco gave
Roosevelt a plurality of 21,833, and on
these figures San Francisco claimed the
banner, but when all the returns were
In it was found that Los Angeles Coun
ty had given the ticket a plurality of
more than 22,000. This ended San
Francisco's claims and the banner will
remain where it is.
It is probable that the victory of E.
A. Hayes in the Fifth Congressional
District will result in a vacancy in the
Civil Service Commission of this city.
John W. Rogers, a member of the com
mission, who handled Mr. Hayes' fight,
13 considering whether or not he will
accompany Mr. Hayes to Washington.
Mr. Hayes, it is understood, has offered
him a position in a confidential capac
ity, which, in all probability, he will
accept. Mayor Schmitz must then fill
the vacancy occasioned by his resigna
tion.
ROGERS MAX RESIGN.
lightly considered by his associates on
the ticket. _• Vr - ',^
of Chicago made the principal addresa
of the evening. In beginning he re
marked:
"I am sure of one thing to-night,
gentlemen. That is that we have with
us a Vice-president who will one day
be a President."
Farwell spoke in favor of tariff
revision and reciprocity. Senator Fair
banks spoke happily of business con
ditions in Indianapolis.
much larger plurality than Bryan got four
"an a«^ Bryan received ..bout 1S.0UO In the
iwo boruughs. whereas Parker nets more than
35.o<*>. Thl. is better than other parts of the
ffrSETih^- that there was no knifing of the
national ticket. A comi»ari«on of the re"™*
htre with those In other part* .of the country
alfo proves It. The report! mad« to me by
district leadens were very accurate.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 10.— The of
ficial returns received here up -to a
late hour to-night indicate that the
plurality for the Presidential candi
dates last Tuesday was very close, pos
sibly one hundred on either side. It
is probable that Secretary of State
Tilghman will be called upon to decide
which of the -electors will be entitled
to cast their' votes in Washington.
The board of canvassers in Baltimore
City and in the twenty-three counties
of the State met at noon to-day. In
Baltimore City the votes cast in the
Third Congressional District were
counted, but the totals were not made
public. While Congressman Frank
Wachter was admittedly re-elected the
vote on the Presidential ticket is left
in doubt. From the official returns thus
far received the indications are that
the Republicans have elected seven
and the Democrats one of the electors
of the State. Returns received from
eleven counties of the State give the
Republican electors a plurality of 174-
Until the canvassing boards of the
several counties and of Baltimore City
shall- have examined and counted the
ballots it will be impossible to say
which of the Presidential candidates
will receive Maryland's electoral vote.
Ihere is no change in the Congressional
situation, the Democrats and Repub
licans each having elected three mem
bers of th« next House of Represen
tatives.
measures. As to United States Sen
ator. Connor says there Is no chance
for Senator Quarles to be re-elected,
nor any one not a supporter of the
State administration.
SPECULATION AS TO LEGISLATURE
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Official Count May Give Each Party
a Share of the State's Electors.
Chief Executive's Equilibrium Is Not
Disturbed by Tuesday's Triumph.
Anti-Trust Legislation to Be Recommended
Almost a i Tie on the Presidency
Many Seeking Judicial
Honors From Governor
FUTURE POLICY IS OUTLINED
MARYLAND VOTE
STILL IN DOUBT
APPELLATE ERMINE
IS IN DEMAND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER,. 11. 1904
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT PLANS
REFORMS AND ENACTMENT OF LAWS
FOR THE NATIONS PROPERTY
There Is nothing new in leather goods
that -you cannot find in our store — >
trunks, drees suit cases, valises, wrist
bass and pocketbooks for fall trade — all
new designs now in, and lettered in gold
free of charge. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
Ijeather Goods for Fall . Trade.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Clias. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
liigh-Grade Clothiers
Ko Branch 6torca. Ko Agents.
"CONSTRUCT 10 N "
THE GREAT WORTH
IN CLOTHES MAKING
THAT UNSEEN INTERIOR
OF MADE-UP GARMENTS
AND WHO MADE IT.
REPUTATION COUNTS.
Kearny Street
Th urlow Block
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your Heart
Is a wonderful pump that works inces-
santly, averaging seventy 50-pound
strokes a minute, and forcing from 20 to
30 pounds of blood throughout the body
! each minute.
I The power that keeps this wonderful
pump in motion Is nerve-force, the en-
ercy furnished by the nerves.
Disease, over-exertion, fright, anxiety
alcohol, tobacco and other stimulants
j weaken these nerves, but the heart, in-
' stead of stopping, makes extraordinary
efforts and causes heart strain.
Then cornea shortness of breath, heart
palpitation, dizziness, etc.. because tha
i nerves are too weak to furnish, power
I Take the only safe remedy.
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure
It feeds, strengthens and builds up ths
nerves and muscles of the heart so they
can. supply the necessary encrRy.
J "r»r. Miles' Heart Cure is* a marvetrur*
remedy. I always use It when cardiac
trouble is present. It meets the indica-
tions surely ami completely." — C. F P
BURCHMORE. M. D., 496 Mass. Ave.*
Boston Mass. - • ; . 4 i^'
.The first bottle will benefit. If not. th«
drucslst will return your money.
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
Your Choice of
A CLEAVER
— Or—
AN EMERY STEEL.
Both desirable articles and un-
usually big values.
Free With Every Small Ad
in SUNDAY, CALL.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.Our Eastern . selection ,of ; frames and
moldings for fall trade now in. better
and more beautiful 'than ever before.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.*.: 741 Market «tr««*_ •
Picture Frames.
The housekeeper said that she had
not hoard Miss Warren tell Coroner
Scholer that Miss Dolbeer would "act
on the impulse'of the moment.*'
V.'Did Miss Warren say that the Parts
doctor had warned her that Miss Dol
beer would be apt to commit some rash
act for which she could 'not be held
responsible?"
"She did not," replied the witness
She also told of Miss Warren's ex
amination by Detective Sullivan, but
could not remember the affair clearly.
She thought Miss Warren told how she
saw Miss Dolbeer walk-up and .down
the hall and, finding it oppressively
warm, 'go into the. room. Miss Warren
paid that she then went to an adjoin
ing room and, coming out a minute
later, saw Miss Dolbeer "disappearing
from the window." Mrs. McClurg said
Miss Warren had not told Sullivan
that she had been' apprehensive for
Miss Dolbeer's safety.
The housekeeper also denied that
Miss Warren had told Sullivan that
Miss Dolbeer had Jumped from the
window or that Miss Dolbeer had com
plained of pains in her head. Mrs.
McClurg said that Miss Warren had
not told Coroner Scholer that Miss Dol
beer "had been crazy for twenty-six
years."
"Wns the word 'crazy' used at all?"
the /witness was asked.
"Not at all," she answered.
Replying to a question Mrs. McClurg
said that Miss Warren had told Cor
oner Scholer that Miss Dolbeer had
consulted a Paris physician for neu
rasthenia.
NEW TORK, Nov. 10.— Mrs. L. C.
McClurg, housekeeper at the Waldorf-
Astoria, -was examined to-day before
Commissioner Lee, who la taking 1 tes
timony in the Dolbeer will case. Mrs.
McClurg. in her testimony, said she
was in her room on July 9, when a
maid brought word that somebody had
fallen from a window on the ninth
floor. She hurried to Miss Dolbeer*s
room, where she found Miss Warren,
the young woman's companion, and
two maids. The maids were restrain
ing Miss Warren, who was hysterical
and, Mrs. McClurg thought, was "try
ing to get out of the room." Mrs
McClurg said she sent the maids away
and Undertook herself to soothe Miss
Warren. Mrs. McClurg did not know
who had fallen. One of the maids had
said it was Miss Warren's daughter,
but Miss Warren corrected her, saying
"No, it is not my daughter, but my
friend." ' • .
Housekeeper at Waldorf-Astoria De
nies Miss Warren's Alleged
Statements.
STRENGTHENS CASE FOR XTILJj.
"Hiss Dolbeer xras like my own child.
cmiiing aiid going as she liked, and
Inseparable from my children," Mrs.
Moody explained.
But the old feeling against John Dol
beer ¦«¦»« so strong that even after
his death the witness never went to
the house, and the first time she set
foot inside the mansion at 2112 Pacific
avenue "as to attend the funeral of
Miss Dolbeer. Then came Mrs. Moody*s
testimony concerning the "paroxysm of
terror" the testatrix underwent on her
"Miss Dolbeer \ras !ifce a sreaX many
daujriiters who are humored and
ppolled. I don't ttink sne was partic
ularly fond cf Ftody. She was not in
terested in arytiiins very much. Prom
r-hax I saw of her. she was a young
lady of aveT-ace good sense and edu
cation, of fcisb and correct character.*"
Wtne tlie eHraagement between Mrs.
Moody arul John Dolbeer precluded so
cial iEterorvurse between the adults of
the two families, the children were al
loxred to visit one another and warm
attachments. Mrs. Moody said, resulted
between her two daughters. Mrs.
I : >i:fr*as S. Watson and Mrs. Ray
Sbermaa. and liiss Dolbeer.
teinpcraneEt. Sfce was very unrespon
sive, us far as I know, rrithout much
cntliusi&Fin over anything. She seem
ed rather of a torpid nature. I should
ssy there w&e no sentiment about her
at* aiL She was rather material-'*
As to rxcEcr acd business affairs
Mrs. Mocxlr said Hiss Dolbeer was
economical and conservative. Continu
ing, the deponent ssid:
Ccntlsncd From Pas«? 1. Oolnrxm «-
Sbo v.-as very much hurt. She said there
had bc*n a will made previously to that. I
tl-.irU she felt and thought she should have
bc-.:i remembered, a? she was Ilk? a sister to
Miss !)<:l!>?cr. We naturally were Kurprised'at
tfc*r will. I ha<i Thought, of course, that she
would not die before I riid. Her money did
cot bcther me at fcli. Sbe certainly did . not
After the various provisions of the will had
bfcume known, dc you recall that Mrs. Watson
v.as very indignant at tne provisions of the
will and expr«.s«-cd herself so? t
MUS. WATSON FELT HURT.
I think Mrs. Watson made this statement In
the presence cf Mr«. Sherman and myself. She
didn't explain how she could break the will,
nor did I ark questions.
I asked her if she had saved that letter of
Mrs. Warren, but she answered, "No; I was
afraid of my cousin's coming back and seeing
the letter, so I destroyed It."
Mrs. Watson came to my house a few days
after the funeral. She said (It Isn't pleasant
to tell family discussions) but she said. "I
could break that will In five minutes if I was
called to the stand." / ¦• '
Well, It was rather in an uncomplimentary
way Ut me. My daughter. Mrs. Watson, tele
phoned It to the house first. She said Bertha
had died in New Tork by following- the foot
stops of her mother. Mrs. Sherman was tak
ing the message from ths phone. Mrs. Wat
son said she had received a letter from Miss
Warren saying Miss Dolbeer had been very
ill in Paris and for us not to be surprised at
anything that happened. That Is the way I
got It over the phone.
Mrs. Moody had never seen any
other indications of failing mind. She
knew that Miss Dolbeer was a fre
quent sufferer from severe headaches.
According to Mrs. Moody Miss Dol
beer had only a slight acquaintance
with Adolph Schander, the contestant.
When called upon to express an opin
ion as to Miss Dolbeer's mental con
dition the deponent described her as
"mentally disturbed." The examina
tion continued:
Mrs. Moody, would you state, please, how
you first learned of the death of Miss Dol
beer?
No, I can't say that. Now that I look back
on it. I can see she was always very Indif
ferent to all things In life; not like a
young t>erson who is full of life and anxious
to enjoy It. Ehe was not responsive at all. I
noticed that. ; ¦ -*~"-
DID NOT OCCUR TO HER.
Ton had observed that these periods of de
pression and melancholy Increased with her,
had you not?
And the whole bearing of the young lady.
h*r manner, her action*, her words and her
appearance were all altered for the worse
from what yoa had eeen on prior occasions?
Decided!? so.
Miss Dolbeer turned around and gave me
the most pitiful look I ever saw on any one's
face; a haunted look of fear, as If she had
seme great thins; on her mind. She turned
her face and looked at me; then she seemed
to lose herself and went down the steps.
I went in and said to my daughter, "I shall
never forget Bertha's look as she was going
away."
I know now that her mind was not right. I
am perfectly convinced of It. I wan very
much disturbed and nev^r closed my eyes that
n!iht without seeing her before me.
W> talked a little more about her trln. I
offered to live her letters of Introduction to
friends In Paris. She said. "Yes, that would
be nice." Then ehe started to go home and
my daughter and I saw her down to ths front
doer. I stayed on the porch, and as she waa
soSns I said. "When you get to Paris write
and tell us all about the fashions," just for
somethlcs light to say.
Iler look was one of terror, perfect terror,
as if something dreadful had happened. She
was terribly frightened at something, and the
look cf terror was bo great that it frightened
me I collected rayself and tried to quiet her
thocrhta. She threw herself back In her
chair and let her arms fall as if she were ex
hausted and hed no Btnrrth.
1 was startled and I asked If I could get her
socae little remedy to help her. I said, "Per
h*£S you have eaten something," and a look
of great terror came over her face. She said.
"Oh. my stomach." The look in her eyes waa
dmdfal. She looked terribly frightened and
*>.'j<:k all over. During all this time she was
darping herself convulsively. -
Will yon explain the expression on her face?
LOOK OP TERROR OX FACE.
After luncheon we were talking and soon
she said she must go. She was exhibiting
s<£23 of mental distress. They were quite vie-
IWe, very plainly to be seen. We were seated
In the library upstairs after luncheon, when
ca&letnlr Miss Dolbeer grasped herself In a
tragic manner.
Hiss Dolbeer came to say good-by before
rtartitp on the trip to Europe and she had
taeiieon with us. We talktd of various things
aad of her contemplated trip, illse Dolbeer
did not seem to know exactly what she lnted
ed to do. Sbe only seemed to know she was
coine. Sbe didn't s««m to have any plans.
Sfce was not In good health and was very mls
<nb*e. She had changed very much since the
last time I saw her. Her eye* troubled her,
¦ she had some liver trouble and something al
wr*T» seemed to ail her. She always did a
great de*J of doctorint. She wasn't the same
.=lrl at ail. The chacge was so great that I
w*ls astonished.
last visit to the home of deponent.
Tils was as follows: ¦.-•V
make a Just will. I don't think the tie of
friendship for Miss Warrea was great enough
to justify leaving the bulk of the estate to her.
Bertha was not that kind of a girl. From all
I know of her, she was always kind, and I
thought she would be more thoughtful of
others. I am not speaking for myself. I am
speaking of others whom X think should have
been remembered In the will. She knew their
circumstances and conditions; she knew .xhat
some of her own relatives were lacking in
worldly goods. It would have been very nice
to have remembered them In her will, so they
could be educated. I refer to my brothers' and
my sister's children.
I think also that she should have remem-
T>ered my daughter. Mrs. Witaon.
Ye«, I said In one of our conversations that
Miss Dolbeer might have remembered me In
some way by giving me some of her mother's
things. I wasn't even given a brass pin be
longing: to her mother. They wer« given en
tirely to strangers who never knew her mother
or saw her.
The deposition of Dr. W. N. Thomp
son of New Haven, Conn., was offered
to show that an uncle of John Dolbeer
was confined in an insane asylum.
This evidence is in support of the con
tention that Miss Dolbeer's alleged In
sanity was hereditary. Counsel locked
horns over the introduction of the de
position and Judge Coffey wanted time
to look into the law affecting the ques
tion of admissibility.
An adjournment was then taken to
Monday morning.
MRS. MOODY'S DEPOSITION IS READ
RABBI NIETO Wlli. LECTURE. — The
third lecture on the "Jewish Prophets" will be
delivered this evening at Synagogue Sherlth
Israel, corner of Poet and Taylor streets, by
Rabbi Nleto. >"","- ; ?
New Postmaster Named.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10. — Attilio
C Martelli has been commissioned
postmaster at Inverness, Cal.
A fireman was badly injured by fall
ing three stories while fighting a fire
in a storage warehouse on Washington
street.
hurt that she was taken to a hospi
tal. /
The most serious fire of the day was
that in the upper East Side apartment
house, in which three lives were lost,
several persons were injured and many
thrilling rescues were made. Forty
five families were driven from a big
tenement-bouse on Boston road in the
Bronx and twenty ~prsons, who had
been overcome by the smoke, were res
cued by the firemen.
Ten families were forced to flee from
a Brooklyn apartment-house by an in
cendiary fire which started in the base
ment. Tvro persons were overcome by
the smoke and found unconscious and
rescued by the firemen.
A_n explosion in the basement of a
tenement-house in Williamsburg cre
ated a panic among the tenants and
the burst of flames and smoke which
followed sent them to roofs and fire
escapes in search of safety. Many
were overcome by smoke, but all were
rescued.
Mrs. Faux recites, further, that since
her son's commitment she has visited
him once every month and that he is
neither incompetent nor insane, but
that he is tortured mentally by his in
carceration. Further she says that he
wants to resume his studies in electric
ity. In case that he cannot be dis
charged unconditionally she asks that
he be paroled and committed to her
care, as she is in a position to look
after him. The petition will be heard
before Judge Tuttle to-morrow morn
ing.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 10.— Believing that
two drinks of hot spiced wine had been
the means of causing her son, Albert
M. Faux, to be sent to the- Agnews
Asylum, Mrs." Susan M. Faux of San
Francisco to-day commenced habeas
corpus proceedings to secure his re
lease. On January 31, 1902, Judge Heb
bard committed him on the petition of
his father. The story told in the com
plaint is a peculiar one.
Mrs. Faux avers that on the night
of January 30, 1902, her son was suf
fering with a. chill and she gave him
two big drinks of hot spiced wine. She
believed the drinks would cure him,
but, . Instead, they made him • intoxi
cated. Her son was a total abstainer,
.ind ehe \now believes the wine drove
him to the verge of delirium tremens.
He had hallucinations that he heard
people on the roof and strange voices,
and that his parents wanted to kill
him. Mrs. Faux alleges that while in
this drunken condition the noises that
he heard were made by brewery work
men in the vicinity, who work very
late at night. Phe further saya his
father mistook her son's drunken ac
tions for indications of insanity
and caused him to be hurried to the
detention hospital and the next day
committed to an insane asylum.
NAP A, Nov. 10. — Charles Cormen, the
young highwayman and robber who
escaped from Sheriff Grace in Sonoma
County, Wednesday afternoon, was
captured this evening by Sheriff (Dun
lap of Xaoa County at Suscol Creek,
four miles below Napa. Sheriff Dun
lap and Constable Allen went to Suscol
this afternoon and were joined there by
Sheriff Grace. After searching all
afternoon Dunlap finally came upon
Cortnen In the creek. Dunlap im
mediately covered Cormen- with a re
volver and the latter, being taken by
surprise, surrendered. He was taken to
Napa Junction and returned to Santa
Rosa by Sheriff Grace to-night.
Cormen is about 17 years old, and,
with a companion named Cameron,
held up the proprietor of a saloon near
Santa Rosa Sunday night. Cameron
exchanged several shots Wednesday
afternoon with Grace and his deputies.
Cormen walked from Santa Rosa to
Suscol in Napa County early this
morning in the hope of hiding in the
hills.
SrieciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Surrenders When Called
Upon to Do So by Officers
Who Traced Him to Napa
Asserts That He Was on the
Verge of Delirium Tremens
When He Was Committed
OFFERS X0 RESISTANCE
TELLS STEAXGE STORY
Charles Cormen, Who Es-
Pcaped From Sheriff Grace
in Sonoma County, Betaken
Alleges That Although Sane
He Is Being Detained in
State Asylum at Agnews
YOUNG BANDIT
UNDER ARREST
MOTHER SEEKS
SON'S RELEASE
on the roof of the American Cigrar
Company's factory, alarmed by ciouds
of smoke which came from an over
turned tar keg in the street, rushed
Into the factory, where scores of girls
were at work, and with a cry of "Fire"
started a panic in which twelve of the
girls utre mjured. One was so badly
ThBt only three lives were lost was
undoubtedly due to the fact that the
flames were discovered in every in
stance be'ore they had made gTeat
headway and the excellent use made
cf snAlng apparatus by the firemen.
Life nets, scaling iadders and other
fcj'paratus enabled the firemen to save
tn&ny persons who?e escape had been
cut oZ by flames and clioi-ing smoke.
Nearly all the fires started in the
lower parrs of the buildings and the
dera*? clouds of ?mok.e which swept up
through the halis and elevator shafts
drove tb<? panic srrlcken tenants to
roofs and Ore escapes. Many were
overcome before reaching the ouier air,
but with the exception of three ali were
found by fiitmen and csjried out in
safety.
A faJse alarm of lire also contributed
to xh r T day's list of bjjnred. Workmen
rrETT TORK, Nov. 10. — Three per
sons lest their lives and twenty ¦were
iujiired, snarly half a hundred were
overcome by smoke and an equal num
ber are temporarily homeless as a re
mit of a merits of fires in various parts
of the greater city to-day. In nearly
every case the fires were in tenement
hou5«» occupied by a large number of
f-unilies and at least tiro of them are
thought to have been started by in
cendiaries. In no case was the prop
erty loss more than a few thousand
dolZ&rs.
Twelve Girls, Employed in a
Factory, Hurt During Panic
Caused by Fa be Alarm, and
One of the Injured ilay Die
?
HALF A HUNDRED ARE
RENDERED HOMELESS
Fiends Apply the Torch to
Gotham Tenements. Caus
ing: Death and Suffering
Among Poor Families
INCENDIARY
FIRES COST
THREE LIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY/NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
3
APVKKT1SEMKXTS. I
Notice Is hereby «^v«n that the taxes
on all personal property secured by real
property and one-half of the taxes on
real property will be due and payable on
Monday. October 10, 1904. and will be
delinquent on Monday. November 28.
3 904. at « o'clock p. ra., and unless paid
pricr thereto fifteen per c«nt will be
»i<1<3«hS to the amount thereof, and that If
Mid or.e-half be not paid before the last
"Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. in..
an additionaJ five per c.r.t will be added
thereto; that the remaining one-half of
tlie taxe« on all real property will be
payable on and after the first Monday In
January next, ar.d will be delinquent on
the last Monday In April next thereafter
at 6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to t"a«
amount thereof.
That ali taxes raay be paid at the time
the first Installment as herein provided
Is due and payable.
Tl.at said taxes are due and payable at
the office of the Tax Collector. New City
1*. B. — For the convenience of taxpay-
ers unable to call during the day. this
office will be open continuously during
the month of November from 6:30 a. m.
to 3 p. m.. commencing Monday. Novem-
ber 1. 1904.
Taxpayers w!il greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County of
San Francisco.
Schools and Colleges. I
LEASING EUSIXFPP COLLEGE OF" THE '
TVHFT.
Ovrr I* Post rt.. hsn Fran-!scr< C'al
Eftab. 40 years. O]*>r. *>r.t!re year, day & nlzht
tVrite Tor circulars (Ir?e).
'.-.;-'¦ ,__ , ' ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ' ¦
.•/... . ' ¦ ¦ • '
Overcoats For The Big Game
The annual varsity football game between the teams of
Stanford and California will be held to-morrow at half-past
two o'clock on the new California Field near the University
at Berkeley.
Here is a suggestion for your comfort: Take along an
overcoat or rain coat and. be prepared to enjoy the game
regardless of the weather. ; .
It is to be hoped the weather man's prediction will be
"Fair Saturday." However, you run no chances if you go
We are makers, wholesalers and retailers of clothing, doing an
immense business. Our business advantages enable us to save you
from $5 to $8 on an overcoat or rain coat. We have an immetfse
stock of them, comprising every style, weave and price.
We picture some of the garments. The prices range from $10
to $35. The rain coats are genuine Priestley Cravenettes, guaranteed
If you intend buying an overcoat, Cravenette or suit be sure and
see our stock. We have just the garments you want for at least $5.00
less than you expect to pay. The clothes are> here ready to wear,
flwaitinp" vonr call wBm
Ha! Ha! Ha! ,-a %1%1/a B^^ * *#"V**v R-ok* Rah! Rah!
California! €b!W«]^Jw Wmf I iff 111 I S§ Rah! Rah! Rab!
U. C. Berkeley! W/ I 'T \J m*P %g) W %J R a h! R.oh!
Zip, Boom, Ah! _-_ -..,._ ;; . Stanford!
r •¦-•-•¦'¦¦ I 740 Market StreetTrains From Seoul to Fusan.
TOKIO. Nov. 10.— It is officially an
nounced that the Seoul-Fusan Railway
is completed." Traffic will begin De
cember 1. The time between Tokio
and Seoul will then be fifty hours.
TOKIO, Nov. 10.— Manchurian
headquarters, reporting on November
9.: says: "On the night of -November
8 two companies of . the enemy- at
tacked.: our outposts, but were -, com
pletely repulsed. All is quiet In other
directions."
Russian Attack Repulsed.
AMSTERDAM, Nov. 10. — The Rus
sian Consul General has received $ 10,
650 for the Russian Red Cross, con
tributed by commercial and manu
facturing establishments In Holland.
The contribution will be handed to the
Dowager Empress of Russia.
Uaisc Funds for Red Cross.
We are agents for 'Windsor & Newton,
makers of- the best | artist materials ¦ in
the world. New stock of - pyrography
Koods and new things to burn. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Artists' Materials.
» Demonstration. Leads to Riot.
TRIESTE, Austria, Nov. 10.— A
demonstration here last night in favor
of the establishment of an Italian uni
versity at Trieste between the oppos
ing factions resulted In a collision and
counter-demonstration. A dozen per
sons were injured, jthe police inter
vened and a few arrests were made.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 10. — The
suggestion made by way of Tokio that
the Russians are maltreating the
wounded Is deeply resented in military
circles here, where it is considered that
the idea may be put out as an excuse
for the liklelihood of a repetition of a
massacre such as followed the taking
of Port Arthur during the Chinese-
Japanese war.
Believe Port.Artliur's Garrison Will Be
." '¦¦;¦'. Annihilated.
Alexieff at St. Petersburg.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 10.—Vice
roy 'Alexieff arrived in St. Petersburg
this evening.
'RUSSIANS FEAR MASSACRE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The following
Ci.lif6rnia.ns are in New York:- "i
From San Francisco— J. Hunt, at the
Park Avenue: H. , S. Howard, at the
Herald Square ;.M. J. Kaufmann, at the
Imperial; M. Lowenstein > and 'wife, at
the Wolcott; B. Marshall, at the' Marl
borough ; D. . Marx, at the Hotel Im
perial; J. McDevitt, at the Hoffman
House; *F. Mier and N. S. Mullane, at
the Hotel Imperial; S. Newman, at the
Herald' Square ,\ Miss F. Perrin, at the
Navarre;- M. J. Shilly, at the Herald
Square; L. S. Simons,, at the Grand
Hotel; M. Sommer, .at the Hotel Im
perial; W. H. Vincent, at the Herald
Square', F. S. Walsh, at the'Hotel Im
perial; M. Alexander, at the 'Marl -
: borough; F. J. Baker, at ,the Hotel
Cadillac; H. E. Bellis, at the Herald
Square; Miss M. E. Blume, at the Con
tinental; F. S. Chase, at the Nether
land; ,T. M, Crawford, aCthe Ashland;
D.G.' Curtis, at the Hotel Navarre; A.
de la Lowe Jr., at the Ashland; E. R.
Derry, ' at the Continental; B. 1 F. Dur-'
phy, 1 at the' Hotel ' Navarre ; Mrs. T.
Hall, at the Hotel Albert; Miss M. H.
Harding, at the 1 St. Denis; ; W. P.
Hlckle, at the Cadillac; A. R; Adams,
at the St. Andre; M.' J. Lowenstein, at
the Marie Antoinette; H: S.-Shelton,
at the.Marlborough; Mrs. R. H. Vande
man, at the Hoffman ; F. M. White, at
the: Martha Washington, "and W. M.
Williams, at the Navarre. '
From Los • Angeles— H. W. . Clarke, W.
H. Denker and C. : H. Fowler and wife,
at-the Grand Union; L. T. Garnsey and
wife, i at the; Normandie; H. K. Hull,
at the .Park Avenue: F. . Morengo, Jr.,
at the Marlborough; Mrs. A. Reeves, at
the : Grand^Union; Mrs.: F. B. • Silver
wood,-; at Ithe Woodward; r . Mrs.' Sinnott,
at the Holland;' S. Storrow.at the Hotel
Astori and H. Williams and 'wife, at the
Californians In New York.
CANEA, Island of Crete, Nov. 10.—
The battleship Sissoi Veliki, with Vice
Admiral Voelkersam aboard, and the
battleship Navarin, the cruisers Izum
rud and Almaz, a number of torpedo
boats and transports and the volun
teer steamer Yaroslawof the Russian
Baltic squadron have arrived In Suda
Bay.
Russian Ships In Suda Bay.
Japanese Bombard Port Arthur's Mili
' tary Warehouse. ;:* :'
TOKIO, Nov. 10. — A report from
General Nogi's headquarters before
Port Arthur, dated November 9, says:
"The enemy's military warehouse,
situated In the. northern part of Port
Arthur, was bombarded on November
6 with heavy siege and naval guns. The
bombardment caused a conflagration.
'/On the afternoon of November 6
the magazine of an old battery on
Sungchow was exploded by our shells."
SHELLS START CONFLAGRATION.
New York Art Society Declares War
Upon Advertisements In Public
Places.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The Mu
nicipal Art Society to-day decided to
go into the courts to secure, if pos
sible, the removal of advertising post
ers from subway stations. The society
.has been advised by. counsel, that the
Rapid. Transit Commissioners have no
right to* give advertising privileges in
the Subway or elsewhere and says that
action might also be begun to enforce
the removal of signs from j the ele
vated railway stations.
WOULD KEEP/ THE SUBWAY
FREE FROM GAUDY POSTERS
GENERAL OKU'S HEADQUAR
TERS. Nov. 10. — A spirited Russian
altack on an advance post on T'uesday
night was repulsed after a half hour
of musketry flre. The scouting of po
sitions is progressing.
The birthday of King: Edward was
celebrated by the military attaches
yesterday. The camp was en fete
through the hospitality of General
Oku. Prince Nashlmoto, Field Mar
shal Oyama and the correspondents
participated in the celebration, which
was succeeded by primitive* dances and
wrestling. Colonel Tulloch received
the congratulations on behalf of the
British. -,._--.
KING'S BIRTHDAY OBSERVED.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 10. — A
letter from an officer of the Russian
auxiliary cruiser Lena, which arrived at
San Francisco on September 11 and was
detained there under the neutrality
laws, is published here. He expresses
the highest praise for the cordiality
of the San Franciscans toward ¦!' the
officers and men of the vessel. The
writer also assures his countrymen
that he has not seen any evidence of
alleged hostility toward Russians. The
Sari Franciscans, he adds, are doing
everything: in their power to lighten the
tedium of the Russians' detention. The
officers are literally showered with in
vitations.
Letter Written by an Officer of the
Russian Cruiser Lena.
PRAISES SAN FRANCISCO.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— Brander
VV. Lee, chairman of the Republican
County Central Committee, claims,
that Roosevelt's total plurality in the
county and city will be something in
excess of 22,000 when the official re
turns are made and that Los Angeles
is the- banner Republican county of
the State.
Los Angeles Claims the Banner.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10. — The body of
Mrs. Henry R. Donaldson, wife of
Professor Henry R. Donaldson of the
University of Chicago, was found
hanging by a rope from a rafter to
day in the basement of the Donaldson
residence- It is believed she ended
her life while, deranged from melan
cholia. -
Wife of Professor of Chicago Univer
sity Hangs Herself in Base
ment of House.
PANAMA, Nov. 10. — Any ill feel
ing: that may have exiSted between
Panama and the United States on ac
count of the difficulties over the can
al zone seems to be disappearing.
Panamans are preparing to cele
brate the arrival here of Secretary of
War Taft and his friends. It is tha
desire of the Government that tha
Taft party be the guest of the Gov
ernment during its stay here.
Preparing to Greet Tart.
'VICTIM OF MELANCHOLIA
ENDS LIFE WITH ROPE
ST. PETERSBURG, rCov. 10.— In of
ficial circles Lord Lansdowne's veiled
suggestion that the Russo-Japanese
conflict might be settled by arbitration
finds an unfavorable echo. The senti
ment prevails more strongly than ever
that Russia's prestige must be vin
dicated before the idea of peace can
be entertained- The mere fact that the
suggestion came from Great Britain's
Foreign Secretary does not tend to its
kindly reception here.
Hopeless as is the idea of bringing
the war to a conclusion it seems, how
ever, that there are those in high quar
ters who consider that there Is a bare
possibility erf bringing the conflict to
a close on the basis of arbitration If
Still Professes Loyalty to The Hague
Arbitration Idea.
OMAHA, Nov. 10. — A fieroe snow
storm which began last night con
tinued all over .the northern and
northeastern portion of Nebraska to
day, A dispatch from Norfolk^ says
that It increased in fury, reaching the
proportions of a blizzard. The tem
perature has fallen considerably be
low the freezing point.
Temperature Drops . Rapidly and
¦ ,. Storm Assumes Proportions of
- ¦. ¦ a Blizzard.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 10. — Following a
heated discussion with the aeronautic
officials over. the question of compen
sation, past and prospective, for air
ship flights at the World's Fair, Cap
tain T. S. Baldwin. Inventor of the only
aerial craft that has succeeded In ac
complishing anything of Importance at
the exposition, has packed the diri
gible California Arrow for shipment to
San Francisco, Cal., and left the
World's Fair grounds himself.
Leaves Exposition After Heated
Di*cuxslon With Officials.
Aeronaut Pack3 His Airship and
PARIS, Nov. 10.— The police to
day arrested Gabriel Syveton, the Na
tionalist Deputy, who struck War
Minister Andre In the face during the
debate of November 4 in the Chamber
of Deputies, as he was about to take
up his position for a duel with Captain
Cail, who is an Intimate friend of
General Andre and who Is supposed
to represent him.
The arrangements contemplated the
use of pistols and two shots each.
Syveton's arrest begins the criminal
prosecution for assaulting General
Andre. ;-¦• ¦
Arrival, of Gendarmes Prevents Duel
) Between French Officer and Na
tionalist : Deputy. : " : ¦ • V
Etz mountain owes its strength to the
peculiar topography of the surround
ing country, which prevents a direct
artillery fire. The Japanese advanced
in both instances from behind distant
hills, with the fullest force the ground
would allow, but in the long distances
which they were compelled to traverse
in the face of machine guns their ranks
melted away. Both times the Japanese
broke the wire entanglements in places.
One soldier with a leg torn off was seen
trying to bite the wires.
During the second assault a shell,
soaring over the other hills from Pali
chuang, dropped on Etz Mountain and
demolished a land mine and the mine
controlling station and exploded other
mines. The Russians were holding the
trenches on the boundary of the
mined section. Six or seven hundred
were killed or wounded. The Japanese,
not having reached the place, were un
hurt.
CHEFU, Nov. 10.— Etz mountain, ac
cording, to Chinese who arrived here to
day from Port Arthur, is proving a
costly obstacle to the Japanese*, ,^On
the morning of November . ,5 and 6
fierce assaults on the position were
made by the Japanese, who were re
pulsed.
Heavy Russian Loss Dne to Japanese
Marksmanship.
An abundant supply of ammunition
for target practice is also requested
and other measures are recommended
looking to* the installment of range
finders, searchlights, telephone lines
and other" necessities of a ' modern
coast "defense system. The board sub
mits an estimate of $50,000 to carry on
its work next year, which Is only one
half the present allowance.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The an
nual report of the Board of Ordnance
anjl . Fortifications^,^headed by\
General r ""Giliespie, , shows , ¦that, only
seven 12-inch guns out of the total of
100 guns contracted for in 1901 re
main to be completed and the last of
these will be made by August of next
year.
The board renews its recommenda
tion of last year, for the immediate
procurement of medium caliber rapid
fire guns for coast defense to the ex
tent of 200 semi-automatic high ve
locity, 6-pound guns on pedestal
mounts, 200 semi-automatic guns of a
caliber large enough to fire shrapnel,
mounted on field carriages and 200
automatic machine guns of .30 caliber.
The board' also wants a reserve supply
of ammunition of at least 100 rounds
for the large guns and mortars and
250 rounds for rapid-fire guns, as
without a sufficient supply of ammuni
tion the coast defense armament is
useless. ¦-: •:*.
Ordnance Board In Annual Report
Asks for Medium Caliber Rapid-
Fire Armament.
POLICE STEP IN BEFORE '
FIRST SHOT IS FJRED
QUESTION OF COMPENSATION
SENDS BALDWIN FROM FAIR
HEAVY FALL OP SNOW
IN NORTHERN NEBRASKA
RECO3IMEXDS SMALL. GUNS •
FOR COAST DEFENSE WORK
Of the suggestion made in Great
Britain that the United States head
a movement for intervention, .the Era
bassador hesitated to repeat what he
has announced so many times, that he
has positive assurance that this Gov
ernment, while at all times ready to
offer its services, has not the slightest
intention to take a step toward media
tion unless iavited by both belligerents.
The Russian Government is fully
aware of the views of this Government
on the subject and it is deemed un
necessary at the Russian embassy here
again to announce that it is confident
this attitude will be strictly adhered
to. ,:-.:.
Emphatically, but with all courtesy,
Russia, through her Embassadors
afcroad, has several times informed
the neutral powers that she would
brcok no mediation at this time In her
war with Japan. It can be announced
that Russia expects that her wishes
will be respected by all the powers to
which she has . communicated her
views. Count Cassini said to-night:
"I have very good reason to announce
that my Government's emphatic op
position to any mediation at this time
will be respected and observed by all
neutral powers."
It is known that Japan Is willing to
entertain an offer of good offices from
the President or King Edward, looking
toward the termination of the war, but
so far no such intimation has come
from Russia, and the slightest sugges
tion of an intention to urge peace upon
Russia has aroused both private and
public resentment on the part of the
Russian officials here. ;"-«.:
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— Careful in
quiry fails to develop any change with
in the last four weeks in the attitude
of this Government toward the Far
Eastern situation. It was stated sev
eral weeks ago that the President was
only awaiting a suitable opportunity to
do what he could to terminate the pres
ent war. He was restrained at the
time, and is now, by the iron rule of the
State Department that under no cir
cumstances or conditions shall this
Government make a formal offer to
bring the belligerents to peace terms
unless both of them shall signify a will
ingness to avail of his good offices.
That point has not yet been reached
in this war.
No Intervention Unless Both Belliger
ents Request It.
AMERICA NOT TO ACT.
MUKDEN, Nov. 10.— The Japanese
to-day assumed the offensive on the
left bank of the Hun River and occu
pied three villages." The Russians,
however, attacked and drove them out
and again established their original
lines of defense.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— The Daily Tele
graph's correspondent with General
Oku cables under date of November 9:
"Last night the Russians made sev
eral determined attacks upon Lamunt
ing and Sinchinpou, but they were re
pulsed with heavy losses. The artillery
laid the villages in ruins."
HUANCIAN, three miles south of
Mukden. Nov. 10. — The weather to-day
was warmer, with slight rain. Along
the eighty miles constituting the front
of the Russian army everything was
quiet except for occasional skirmishes
and artillery duels on the center and
left, where gunners fire occasionally for
the sake of practice, so as to have the
range of the Japanese-' When .the Jap
anese jocularly display a white disk,
indicating a miss, the Russian riflemen
reply by raising a shirt on a bayonet. .
The Japanese are continuing • work
under cover of darkness, constructing
immense ditches in which to deflect the
water from the Shakhe River.
• '-;.-..
SLAINVBY THEIR OWN MIXES.
Russian AttacksUpon
Japanese Lines
Repulsed.
NEITHER ARMY
GAltfS GROUND
CZAK MAY V1JT ACQUIESCE.
"J shc-uld not be surprised to wee the
three powers named, or two of them,
take the action suggested."
Lord Lansdowne's remarks are held
by th(7?e in his confidencf to mean that
whatever the United States may do in
the matter Great Britain will co-oper
ate in, even in the event of France
not participating. It is known, how
ever, that Embapsador Cambon, who
continues his work assiduously to bring
about some arrangement, hopes for
Joint action by the three powers.
In an interview regarding the fore
going:. Baron Hayashi, the Japanese
Minister, said:
There is a definite impression here
that the initiative will come from Pres
ident Roosevelt, though the action
would be joint It is mooted that Lord
Lansdowne spoke so openiy yesterday
evening only because he_had good rea
son to believe that Mr. Roosevelt, if
elected, contemplated making an ef
fort to bring the belligerents to dis
cuss terms of peace.
Foreign Secretary Lansdovrne's plea
for arbitration yesterday evening at the
Guildhall banquet is taken here to be a
pointed suggestion to the United Stale*
and France that the time is approach
ing when the powers must take some
action. It can be definitely stated that
Lord Lansdowne made his speech with
full knowledge that the Japanese would
not resent a proposition looking to
peace from the three powers (the
United States, France and Great
Britain).
Although the suggestion of a pacific
settlement was made unofficially, it
actually had behind it all the weight
of an offer by the Japanese Govern
ment, It was made directly to Russia-
No rower acted as an intermediary.
The proposition was put forward ten
tatively, and unofficially, so that the
Japanese Government would be In a po
sition to deny any report that It was
suing for peace. The failure of these
direct negotiations, however, resulted
in bringing intervention within a
measurable distance.
LONDON. Nov. 10. — Japan, unofficial
ly, has made representations to Russia
looking to peace. This action has re
sulted in failure, and such representa
tions, even privately, axe not likely to
be repeated by Japan.
such proposition came directly from
Japan. Indeed, it is even intimated
that Lord Lansdowne's suggestion may
have been inspired from Tokio.
Russia has announced again and
again that no proposition from an un
interested power would even be an
swered, but that any proposition from
Japan direct, no matter through what
intermediary, would be considered.. A
proposal from Japan to arbitrate the
controversy would appeal strongly to
Emperor Nicholas. He is extremely
proud of being the author of The
Hague conference and in spite of the
difficult position in which Russian mil
itary prestige would be left by a ces
sation of hostilities at this juncture,
those competent to judge actually en
tertain the belief that such an offer
on the part of the Japanese now would
not be in vain.
Vicious Fighting on
the Shakhe Barren '
of Results.
St. Petersburg Rejects
a Peace Proposal
From Tokio.
OYAMA'S MEN
TARE AND LOSE
THREE TOWNS
Japan has made representations to \he Russian Government with a view of ending the'war, and
they have been rejectei The Czar is determined that hostilities shall continue until Russian
arnh triumph. Grea; Brit an is endeavoring to induce America to take the lead in intervention,
but this Goverrmsnt will not interfere, except at the request of both belligerents.
JAPAN WANT PEACE;
RUSSIA IS FOR WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11', 1004.
4
¦"¦•-.'¦' ADVERTISEMENTS. - • ] ,
TIME IS FLYING. ONLY; 22 DAYS MORE TO SECURE FREDERICKS'
== MATCHLESS BARGAINS IN .- — —
Furniture, Carpets, Draperies ®> Wall Papers
In a 'few weeks jve shall move to our new store at* 34 to 52 ELLIS STREET, near
Market*, with an entirely new stock of the standard productions in furnishings
-| Parlor Furniture |->^ ¦¦-'¦' •'¦ - - DRAPERIES and _ __^ /--P CARPETS 'I—
Mahogany Davenport, beauti- -;f i . I y/^^B» ¦. yviSil/MI^J . Body Brussels, the highest
*Sg£g$£$g&& ¦ .':: . Draperies : • ; Xace Curtains «i% t . tifMTt ™?1
moval Sale Price.... $150 . Red Silk Portieres, Arabian, Lace Curtains, $23.50.. ' BtoSSST'A Wn^lt*' JZ . 1
Slplii IliSiSlfK •p R rf«°:?.!.. sa ! e $15.00 S^^gp
Se^ai-Sp^SlSS . A S.^ &'^ tItPIH^ f ! f 5
Mahogany Parlor Set (3 pieces), movai [Sale Price. $12.00 p rice $12. OO Tapestry Brussels, a fine tap-
. in.. Oriental Moquette; fault- Silk Tapestry Portieres, $12.00. Marie Antoinette (white), $13.00. ' S "f^i p ' 20 !^
lessly constructed. $140. Re- -Removal" ¦. Sale-. li n^ Removal Sale-.'i^ Removal Sale Price. $1 .00
moval Sale Price.... $105 Price ............. *V.UU Price $IVJ.VJU RuKS
p arv .j M,L._,_ W r» a ,,A.T,««^ ' Olive Tinsel Tapestry Por- Marie Antoinette (white), $9.00. r^
C SS«JSS?'5h5SS3 O S ••. tte S-i I f^ •*¦•¦ 19 00 • R—a! Sa,e Price. $ ? . 25 9", WU.on, $,5. Re.
Prpn-t, vpiour <t«e moval Sale Price.. +?.\t\J w»,i». Trie*. p n i n t *ol t>» movalPrice Sale. 3>O 4 r.W/
Rem^arSarprice^SSS Green .Corded Edge Tape 8tty ™£jg*. ?%£.?& g$ 9 «, Axmins.er. $30. Removal
M SSere D dT > «aoe t s« h rv in^' *2£&J*& 18.50. -Whit. Irish Point, $^ r". $22.50
¦!&£%%£¦ ££?¦$£ ."g&ZF.t!* ...mova.Sa.e Price.. $5 . O O f^^^^ g
Overstuffed Sofa, inlaid carv- Removal Sale Price. Jo.OO Wail Papers "/¦ ...,..^2D.OO
ing; very artistic, $50. g,.. Gold Silk Tapestry Portieres, — — — — —^— - 9x12 Tapestry Brussels, $25.
Removal Sale Price.. . *P«3J $12.50. Removal « ftrt A selected stock of exclusive Removal Sale c • Q e#>
Overstuffed Sofa, beautifully Sale Price JO.UU patterns of 10c to 20c papers. Price $iy.DU
upholstered in silk tapestry, Blue Silk Tapestry Portieres, Removal Sale » . jia / Oi*ioi\+a1 P it»c
$45- Removal Sale -.^ ft $12.50. Remo/al i, nn Prffte DC and IOC ( iii*S!ii2L™SS
Price . . .. m VOV Sale Price *O.UU Dainty Bedroom Papers in Complete line of the newest and
Chairs Silk Drapery CordS floral, stripe's and cretonne ef- most beautiful Anatolians,
„, . . , -. . ... , , „ j £. . . ' f ects ' a11 35c P a P ers - 91- Kazaks, Shirvans, Sennas,
Turkish Chair, old style, large Fringes and Trimmings. 50 per Removal Sale Price... <r\Q Ferraghans, Kurdistans, Per-
and comfortable, $80. «»/;/% cent discount from our regu- Tapestry Papers closely resem- sians, Antique Irans Belooch-
Removal Sale Price. .. *J>OV; j ar prices. bling the woven cloth— for istans, in all sizes, reduced
Carved Mahogany, Grecian de- Lace Bsd Sets dining rooms, libraries and 30 pe» cests
sign, $70. Removal c -/> ——————— halls, 50c Removal 1rr\r\ Doric
Sale Price $30 Full line of ruffled lace Bed Sale Price 35c , Iron OeOS
Arm Cljair, mahogany, in satin Sets at 25 per cent off regular All Imported Papers of French, • Black and Brass, neat and sub-
damask, $60. Removal prices. German and English make stantial, $45 Removal «,--
Sale Price **«5 French Tapestry Seats and Backs. from 20 to 30 er cent re( j uc . Sale p rice $35
Arm Chair, mahogany, elegant °eo $£ tion. $r.oo papers. Re- y - Gold? Cream " an'd Gold, trass
workmanship, $50. Kc- *«» cent reduction. moval Sale Price «JC trimmed, $40. R t . ff «
moval Sale Price . . « Purchases may be held for delivery up to and during the holidays. moval Sale Price !|>3O
Arm Chair, carved mahogXny, 1 Green and Gold, brass trimmed,
m silk tapestry, $45- <R ->e: f «^@ ¦§ • % ft $37.50. Removal Sale -,^ e
Removal Sale Price... JP^J | go gflf^q g± g$ go* tr* m e* I • « ® I (fl Price $25
Window Chair carved mahog- i |J^ O W £50.0 11 Pl'lvSi K? I Green and Goldi bras* trimmed.
any, beautiful. $35. Re -«24. V_ CJ *"* b * e j * UI * Wfi A&f*kiJ BS 1 (^ I $3O . Removal Sale. eort
moval Sale Price...... V* t * fr . * J A r-M/r-- 1- r*-r- OPP. \& — * Price A$2O
; — -FREDERICKS- » 1 649^.5^ MAR KET ST KEARNY FREDERICKS — -
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
Your" choice of./ .
A CLEAVER^ ;
— Or—
' ; AN. EMERY STEEL;
Both desirable articles . and un-
usually big values. . :
Free With Every Small Ad
in SUNDAY CALL:
See Small Ad Page for Further;
Particulars. :
V^ '"_; r ' • ' AJPVEKT1SEMEXTS. _'
and extra pants . < jiL^ I
• 1 his is— why we otter such 5S-^^m^'^
unusual rvalues for Friday and SmV:^
This week we are selling SSii " "lllii
two-piece suits as pictured and ||i|i i||| < -.
an extra pair of pants in the |||f 'i?WA
same material for $2.95. . :^M^aCU^
Five pretty patterns to se- . £*T '^&MBml^^
lect from in ages 8 to 1 J years.
If y ou ; have a boy who needs '" •£!/, $ v*i® r^ifc •
a school'suit you can save Sl.JO at this sale. __ .
We have made up a splendid line of suits for young men from 14 to 19
years. You had better see them.
• Beys' and Children's Gaps JM A4/#lffe Hi St £*&%• Bo * sl Sweaters '
Sailors,- Yachts,- Norfolks ani V^/v 1 &J* %$ All-Wool striped effects and
Autos at, 25c, 45c, 73c, * Tt* *~* /W plain ihade3 in navy, gar-
Sl.CO, $1.25, $1.50 ana . „ : net, black and gray. Special
? 200 -: ; 740 ". .market Street at * a5cy
APyEKTISEMEyTS.
AN OBJECT LESSON
In a Restaurant.
A physician puts the query: Have
you never noticed In any large restau-
rant at lunch or dinner time the large
number of hearty, vigorous old men
at the tables; men whose ages run
from 60 to 80 years; many of them bald
and all perhaps gray, but none of them
feeble or senile ?. • . • .r
Perhaps the spectacle Is so common
as to have escaped vour observation
or comment, but nevertheless it Is an
object lesson xvhlch means something. •
If Vou will notice what these hearty
old fellows are eating you will ob-
serve that they are not munching bran
crackers nor gingerly, picking their way
through a menu card of new fangled
health foods: on the contrary, they
seem to prefer a JUIcv roast of- beef, a
properly turned loin of niutton and
even the deadly broiled lobster is not
altogether ignored.
The point of all this is that a vig-
orous old age depends upon good di-
gestion and plenty of wholesome food
and not upon dieting and an endeavor
to live upon bran crackers.
There is a certain class of food
cranks who seem to believe that meat,
coffee and many other good things are
rank poisons, but these cadaverous,
sickly looking individuals are a walk-
ing condemnation of their own theo-
ries.
The matter in a nutshell is that if
the stomach secretes the natural di-
gestive Juices in sufficient quantity any
wholesome food will be promptly di-
gested; if the stomach doe» not do
bo and certain foods cause distress one
or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
after each meal will remove all diffi-
culty, because they supply Just what
every weak stomach lacks, pepsin, hy-
dro chloric acid, diastase and dux.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets do not
act upon the bowels and in fact are
not strictly a medicine, as they act
almost entirelv upon the food eaten,
digesting it thoroughly and thus giv-
ing the stomach a much needed rest
and an appetite for the next meal.
Of people who travel nine out of ten
use Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, know-
ing them to be perfectly safe to use at
any time and also having found out
by experience that they are if safe-
guard against indigestion In any form,
and eating as they have to, at all
hours and all kinds of food, -the travel-
ing public for years have pinned their
faith to Stuart's Tablets.
All druggists sell them at 50 cents
for full-sized packages and any drug-
gist from Maine to California,- if his
opinion were aeked, .will gay that Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets 1b the most
popular and successful remedy for any
stomach trouble.BERLIN. Nov. 10. — It Is announced
that Err.peror William has decided to
hereafter use the pardoning power lib
erally in cases cf lese majeste. This
is a radical departure from the pre
vious practice. It heretofore had been
practically unknown for the Emperor
to r^rdon a person convicted of this
olIenFe.
It <s new said that he intends to 1
pardon almost without exception when
the offender is shown to belong to the
uneducated classes or to be incapaable
of weighing the consequences of a
h?sty word. Also offenses committed
during drunkenness or while in an ex
cited condition rendering deliberation
impctsible will constitute the basis for
pardon.
The Emperor has directed the Min
istry cf Justice to deal liberally with
all persons convicted of an insult to
his Majesty who petition for pardon
and fhow t>enitence. It is expected
that the new practice will greatly re
duce the number who trill serve out
senreaces for this offense, since th« im
pression is general that many offenders
have been convicted every year
through overofficious State's Attorneys
and Judges.
TVe are selling agents for "The Water
man Ideal FountaJn Pen" and *ole agents
for "The Marshal*." the best $1.00 foun
tain pen In the world. Sanborn. Vail &
Co. BJMjUJBbH *
Emperor William Decides
to Show Leniency to Those
Convicted of Lese Majeste
APOLOGY WILL
EARN A PARDON
Thus Declare Speakers at the Conven
tion of the Methodist
Committee.
BOSTON", Nov. 10. — The missionary
committee of the Methodist Episcopal
Convention to-day voted unanimously
to appropriate $1,220,000 for mission
ary work during. the coming* year and
that this sum is to be divided so as
to give $701,500 for work in the for
eign field and $516,700 for domestic
work.
The total appropriation for home
mission work to-day aggregated $125.
0C0. The parts of the country which
were given special, consideration were
the mining districts of Michigan, the
prairie strips of the trans-Mississippi
States and the mining camps of the
Rockies. The longest discusion given
to any one" quetion was that as to the
appropriation for Arizona, some mem
bers doubting the expediency .of con
tinuing: so . large an. appropriation as
$7000 for this Territory because of the
seeming lack of fruitfulness of the
work carried on there. . '
Cleveland Goes Hunting.
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 1 0. — For
mer. President Cleveland went on his
first hunting. trip of the season to-day.
In company with Dr. , Priest . and W.
B-.McFarland.he drove to Rocky Hill,
where, he'spent the. day. . The shooting
was rood and " the .party returned
before- dark with ; sixteen ". quail and
seven rabbits.
Falls Dead on Rostrum.
SOUTHINGTON. Conn., Nov. 10. —
Mrs. Charles W. Pickett, wife of
Colonel Char!es W. Pickett, editor of
the New Haven Leader, dropped dead
of heart disease while reading a paper
before the Daughters of the American
Revolution to-day.
Bondsmen of the Treasurer
of Prescott Who Was
Kobbed.Make Investigation
PRESCOTT. A. T.. Nov. 10.—Imme
diately after the announcement on
Wednesday morning that CounJty
Treasurer J. P. Storm had been bound,
gagged and robbed his bondsmen took
possession of the office and behind
locked doors have been engaged until
late this afternoon in an investigation
of the oillce accounts. They also called
in tho District Attorney. Upon con
cluding the Investigation this evening
it was announced that there was a
shortage in the treasury amounting to
515,386, representing the amount al
leged to have been stolen.
As a result of .the two days' confer
ence. Immediately after adjourning this
evening the bondsmen served official
notice on the Board of Supervisors and
upon Treasurer Storm, withdrawing
from the latter's bond. Under the law
the Treasurer is alloyed ten days to
furnish a. new bond and upon failure to
do so the office will be declared va
cant. In the meantime the bondsmen
have taken complete possession of the
office and have placed Homer R. Wood
in charge of it during the interim al
lowed the Treasurer to furnish a new
bond.
Officers have no cley whatever to
work on looking to the apprehension of
the robbers.
Late! this evening the bondsmen of
fered a reward of $1000 for the arrest
and conviction of any person or per
sons who robbed the office.
MISSIONARY EFFORTS
WASTED IX ARIZONA
Sends of Snipe,
Travelers on the Blumenberg launches
from Antioch report the marshes full of
English snipe. Take a trfp on the Santa
Fe if you want to get some good shoot
ing. Aek at 841 Market street. •
TAKE CHARGE
OE THE OFFICE
TAKES MAIDEN
DIP IN WAVES
Uncle Sam's List of Float
ing Forts Is Added To by
Launching of New Jersey
#
QUINCY, Maes.. Nov. 10.— The bat
tleship New Jersey, built for the Unit
ed States Government by the Foro
River Shipbuilding Company, was suc
cessfully launched to-day in the pres
ence of a large number of guests, in
cluding Governor Murphy of New Jer
sey, Governor Bates of Massachusetts
and Former Secretary of the Navy
Long The battleship was christened
by Mrs. William D. Kinney. daughter
of Governor Murphy.
The New Jersey was built for a speed
of at least 19 knots. The main battery
will consist of four 12-lnch guns, eight
S-inch and twelve 6-inch rapid-firing
guns. In the secondary battery ther-?
will be twelve l-inch rapid-fire sains,
twelve 3-pounders, semi-automatic,
eight 1-pounder heavy automatic, two
30-caIibt-r machine guns and six 30
callb^r Colt automatic guns. The New
Jersey will also be fitted with sub
merged torpedo tubes. Th« magazine
will be especially fitted to enable her
to cany with absolute- safety 'in all
climates the new* smokeless powder.
The New Jersey is one of five battle
ships authorized by Congress in 1S39
and 19Q0. It is proposed to make all of
the vessel* of this class flagships, and
to do this it is necessary to make pro
vision for the accommodation of 1
flag ofheer. 1 commanding officer, 1
chief of staff, 1:) wardroom officers. Ji)
junior officers, S warrant officers and
a crew of 772 men. including >J0 ma-
vines, making a gTand total of 812
men.
COST OF INSURRECTIONS
WILL. EMBARRASS GERMAXY
Troubles in Southwest Africa Add
Large Sam to Expense Account
of the Fatherland.
BERLIN. Nov. 10. — A supplemen
tary budget of $20,000,000 for the ex
penses of the army in German South
west Africa, as a result of the insur
rections, will be presented to th"
Reichstag in December. Even this
sum will embarrass the imperial fin
ance ministry, which is striving to re
duce the annual deficits and at the
name time provide additional funds
for various public worlc3 and for the
army and navy.
The progress in suppres3ia^ the na
tive risings appears to be going on
measurably well. About 1400 re
cruits are going to Southwest Africa
largely to replace the losses of the
rammmiiis in fh<» fl^lr? from «irknp<«
Labor men throughout the city are
preparing for a welcome to the dele
gates of the annual convention of the
American Federation of Labor. They
will begin to arrive to-day. Th.» head
quarters in parlor 3 at the Russ House
are open daily and the members of
the local committee of arrangements
are perfecting plans both for the trans
action of the convention's business and
the entertainment of the delegates.
To-day delegations from the Brother
hood of Painters and the Brotherhood
of Carpenters will arrive from cities In
the middle East. They will be met at
the ferry by delegations from the local
unions and escorted to their respective
quarters. All day Saturday delegates
will be arriving and the headquarters
will take on an appearance of activity.
The special train bearing the president,
secretary, treasurer and eight vice
presidents of the American Federation
of Labor left Chicago Wednesday even
ins and is due to arrive Sunday even
ing. These officers comprise the execu
tive council and will take up quarters
at the Russ House.
William G. Schardt of Chicago, pres
ident of the Western Federation of
Labor and president of the general
executive board of the United Brother
hood of Carpenters, is already here. J.
C. Balhorn, president of the Brother
hood of Painters, and Frank Duffy,
MEMBERS OF THE LOCAL, (COM
MITTEE WHO WILL. GREET
VISITING LABOR DELEGATES.
The Board of Public Works yester
day received the report of City Archi
*' • ' on the condition of the city's
theaters. H<? urced that no license be
Fsueu rulers* a certificate be granted
V his depart m^r.t in conformity with
\': «'-• ?.t«?r ordinance. The report
ecgu's thai all the main and minor
theaters, except three or four, practi
tclly comely with the ¦ordinance.
President i?ohrr.:tz sent an official no
li' e to Tax Collector Smith that per
mits will be issued for the theaters
ifcnt arc considered within the law.
The City Architect reported that the
Lyceum. Unique and Novelty theaters
r^uld not be altered to comply with the
Law, and recommends that they be
closed. Schmitz will cite the proprie
tors to appear before taking final ac
tion. All the theater? have been doing
:'U5ir.ess without permits for some
The board awarded a contract for the
ror.structiori of sidewalks on Second
aver.ue, between California and Clem
ent, to J. J. Dowling for 14 ? * cents a
foot.
The claim cf XT. C. Cain for damages
Fustained by falling with his motor
cycle in a trench on Valencia street
v.as taken under advisement.
The ration of the United Railroads
to build a srur track at Fourth and
Kentucky strefts. to connect its tracks
with tho«e of the Southern Pacific
Company, was deferred two weeks, it
b«rir.g understood, however, that the
permit ¦rfll be granted for the sole use
of the United Railroads.
A protest, signed by a number of
property owners, was filed against the
Sunset district petition that the speci
fications for street work permit the use
of red rock as pavement material.
A. B. Ciute got sixty days to com
t\f-\f the raving of Third avenue, be
t»«n Lake and California streets.
A numerously signed petition was
? fc i 'hat J. O'CoxmeU be allowed to
continue the use of a house which
Ftar.ds in the middle cf Beach street.
l.«rtw<?en Hide and Larkin. O'Connell
has lived in the house with his family
for many years, and as the block de
rr:Hf3 '.5 twenty-five feet below grade
and the Etreet is never used, no harm
will be done if he If allowed to remain.
th« petitioners say. The board took
the matter under advisement.
The petition of the Health Depart
ment that a sewer be built in San
Bruno road was referred to the City
Er.eineer for a report as to the cost.
City Architect Urges Clos
ing of 3Iinor Playhouses
That Do Not Obey the Law
FILES REPORT
ON THEATERS
secretary of the Brotherhood of Car
penters will arrive with their delega
tions to-day.
The convention that is coming prom
ises to be the largest and busiest one
in the history of the organization.
Never before in its history have so
many questions affecting: the policy
ar:d life of the federation been brought
up. The question of trade jurisdiction
disputes, so often debated, will again
bs the main issue. Plans will be pro
posed and considered looking: toward
the unification and consolidation of all
the trade organizations of the United
States and even of Europe. Another
question that will cause great discus
sion is the idea of committing labor to
socialism. This question was turned
down last year at the annual conven
tion in Boston, the socialist delegate
not having an opportunity of express
ing his arguments. In view of the in
creasing strength of socialism in the
country a hard fight on the issue is
looked for.
The committee of arrangements is
busy preparing for the entertainment
of the delegates. arranging for
smokers, dances, receptions and ban
quets to the visitors. Mass meetings
will be a feature of the two weeks'
convention, gatherings being planned
for this city, Oakland. Stockton. San
Jose and Vallejo. These meetings will
be addressed by the most prominent
leaders in labordom. Excursions and
trolley 'rMes in and about San Fran
cisco will also be a feature of the
two weeks* session.
The forming member? comprise the
committee on arrangements: O. A.
Tvletmoe. chairman; J. Keane. secre
tary: J. E. McDougald, treasurer: P.
H. McCarthy, Thomas Parkinson.
Henry Thleler and A. E. Smith.
Will Try to Form International Confederation
CONVENTION OF LABOR MEN
TO DISCUSS VITAL TOPICS
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11. 1904.
5
THE EMPORIUM. \ . ni.K KMPOKIC3L » TIIE EMPORIUM. \ THE ¦ EMPORIUM.
5 £^~ Buy your colors for the great intercollegiate football game lo-morrcu'. At the ribbon counters, all widths of ribbons in blue and gold or
S crimson, and bows tied free of charge. Veiling pomtons in the college colors 25c each; football pennants, all silk, mounted on staff 50c each
\ A Safe of Thanksgiving Offerings for Boys That Will Enable Parents to Save a Dollar or Two
I £2? IMmffi: Overcoats for $3.00 W Worth $6.50
I offer "a greft quanuty of Stilts for $4.00 T A h r *J WoHh $5.00
S beautiful; gl SSy OStrich The New "Wenweir Suits— Forbov, 7 to i6, .. . Boys » Lona Overcoats— Cat Hks the m=n's, ,f gggf
*! plumes, in black, brOWn, J uiIt . t V- tin l d *«*'«*•:«,?« *<y *": *™V- Dju >'= II J with or witnout be.M. cifhcr doable or single 1
» " \ ->-•», l " u " "i breasrsd jjeket, kn*e rant* with reinforced sea: and Jffc K . ° t[\
If navy and White, the Varv k ««. a.t !ein » double sntchrdinj taped and P a:™t fli* >¦ bre«ted $:y;e. Made to our order by thz W
» rhnirp«;t U'inH nf foothorc buttjns thit can't pull cif—al'-wool clcthi. in ajout /M same good maker that furnishes m our fines: J|ft
|g tllU.LCJl MllU Ul Iwd'.IUI^, a coz-ncfrien-w mixture. A nevr *a : t tor the Mjf l<| coati, a!!-wool ctcth, in dirk gra r ,w e !l mad- and per- \P
J 3t theSS gre3tly redUCed oce that ga-s wrong. Vcurchoiceat Jj / H feet mtiag; a b^g rot of them in sixes 7 to 1 6 tears, at jl
J L riCeS.' Three. Piece Suits— Th; best we know of telling / P{| Russian Overtoati— For boyi z }j to S \earj,miie @
tC ll l 4-'.a. >I.2C Plames . 95c Bn - er 56.oo, except thr Emporiam specal#5.oo luitj, Z^-Ja^ of tine Kersrv, in blur or brown; also hne cheviots H
I "-a <i 7- p um . «* * Off mads of a 1-rvoot chivio's in niry blue, and about i; k3 1 and nove"r]»^ccating, in brovrn, grav, roi. a! ani nar»; M Ef
S A •* # p * * ntwra i (! « r «:n rj y i " 1 browns— plenty of them gj also fancy mixtures; a!l trimmrti with err.brb:derei S>,
SlO-ln. J2.OO r umei . . $1 m 65 in sizej 8 to 16 yrar;. Your choice at JSL© em ilems and gYx buttsnj; vronJert'uI values at . . . X^^ •
i/jfin. .'^.jaPum:;. $2.35 ¦
j zc-.n. $4.00 Pumes . . $2.95 -. Buy Your Thanksgiving Suit Nozu.
$ zo-in. ,<>.oo Pumcs. . $3,50 em * * * **. m * ** m m m -*m m
| z ..in . <6 .oo Pume,. $4.50 HBckett, Carhart & Go.'s London Shrunk
*, 26 in. : 10.00 Pumes . ip7 .50 B3>f €& <£? m A Jf &* H SS £%ff%
g Our Deady-Io-Wcar Hats— That OSUG &&&*€/& &UM8S iOi* &M&mUU
j j «crc m-9;. J6-5° «i $7.50- Buy Hackett, Carhart & Co.'s suit here and you will have the best without having to pay a
l% . an assortment inc-uding braid hati, fancy price for the reputation. Your money back if you are not entirely satisfied with your pur-
j g si k turbans, te : and ve v:t hats, chase. Hackett. Carhart & Co.'s name is in the inside pocket of every suit or overcoat they make—
t j,£ wide brim sii ors.nav/ b ue :cqucs, none genuine without their label. We are San Francisco distributors.
j etc. , COW reduced gtt a ££ g? Th: *>!ue se-^e used in these f 1 5.00 sutts is pure wcrsted and »:rictiy fiit color. It t London shrunk, a proce«s which prrvmtj :ui;her sbnn&-
,V for special sa e :"o *ff «*P m %+ qJr ing. They are mid: by thr s:m: skilled ra !ors who make the J25.CO and J30.00 »u:t«, ani the ity e an! ft: ar: the s>mr, too. Thev
I S Take advantage of this oftcring to whl hod their E ° od shi F e wbi!s !n servc *- N ' o£ *° with a11 « r 5- '-*¦"• Saw 34 to 48, inckdi.ig iuei for extra -* £- g%fi
\K g« a new second be.t or every day .tout and .lender men. Doub'e breasted or sins!e breasted coat, >..... jpM%JmUU
I* n * : - Metis Departments, rust inside the door.\
g 1 1 : L i ! ;
!jt A Waist Sa.e Sale Uewefetf special sales for Mm 1^1*1? Safe
i % Friday and Saturday Back Gctnbs 38c Sweaters, Neckwear MwJk Bnvs'Shae*
;V $2 25, 52.50. $3.00 and $3.50 Hz.t prices-^^pr^m^r-^ Men's Sweatee-Friday and Sat- &¦ •%& a °y*> cwoes
; : flinnei want,, m p am co or, day ( a n d ."r : -^^SSfc r^ ? ] urdayonly; strictly alt-wool fc^g^ Boys' box calf lace,
\ i^^gj^g SatU ' da MiniKilli S -^/—y Mue, ma- fuHdouMe-soie
J tern,, ten pretty stv «; each and *'soif quan- 11 I j|| || roon, black, tan. Oxford and shoeS ' round
I everv one ha, sod 'readry at the tity last.) W\W I I W ' COmbinatioa colors - extra wel! "^b==S> toes and tips.
g regular prices; are reduced for this for s . vcra i * * * '^ » fe^tl IfllU VU If i*« ¦- made, £2. 50 kind g] jmg s ; Zes 2 .^ to 6. the regular
Jf sale, for the two q g- gros , rn'oantei back comb,, i n th e " &<*> quality. Friday and Sat-
i d $m t0 ' &**&& verv newest design, The.edaintv Men's NccKwear-Friday and Sat- urday $^54
2* ah <;¦>,* -,- t n *, -* \ °i. u •— day only at half price, a larce
I Alls t ,<s, 3 ,to 44 . comb, ar= set w ,;h bnuunt white assortment of fine silks, in Boys' vici kid lace shoes, per-
: £ The suit sa e cobnuts until cos- stones, guaranteed no: to fall oar, neat fl « UTed effect b| k forated V1 _ D fu ,, doub - _.,.
5 ing time Saturday ni 3 ht; va!ues up to many of th.m having «al m 2t rix t U r<,uo»= orounds With white fiaiires l0rated V am P' tUM d0Ut)l - SOle -
>l Stz.S'o, in new and up-to-date s«tin § , ; n add tion to th- brii-ant-. we • - j * d in either W1 ' de rOUOd tOe ' SiZeS V/ "
II ,:vle, for 5.6.00; va'u.s up to l^^g^^gg^ SS|1^^" to 6, regularly 52.00. Friday
;*; ?3>.°°. <or <2 5. 00— investigate. ta: h . 38c 25o and Saturday . - . $1.54
\x —^ — — —— — _— — _ _^ ———_«—_«—_____ — —^^-^——-^—-^^—— _______
jg Fresh Churned Creamery Butter, 32c Sqr. 25c * 3 . Oc > 35c,4Oc
\ i And Other Great Grocery Values for Friday and Saturday Stationery *2 l /iC
, JC r- r- j <• L ¦ ~- ~ . '5° reams of Hurd's and Crane's
I MUchner n,mn«-L,r g e> I %£* %?± • •. f|« «!* .cn,= »t ,heir
'5 h!h, 8 tor String Beans- Mountain Ljfce brand, dozen, Champion Whisky— Th; old reHable, gallon . very best qu3:ltie>. such as Crane*i
;*>' Swiss Cheese — Imported Em- XI. 33; a tins 25c S2.4O .early English. Herd's superior
JC enthal, 2 lbs. . . .55c Olaret- Our choice As:i wine, gal. . 33 O Cocktaili— Perreu, ail kinds, bo-tie . . 75o bond. Hurd'i Gainsborouzh
Z Sincre 'b oo« Mary.and Cub— Pare Rre wh : sky, bot. 6OC President Blue. Flag Special Whisky — Full »„,», 1,.—:_1 ,«j „„.. ,t '
ijr img.e .b. . . • 28O Apple Cider— Motfs, S a! 4 3c quirt bottle .... 1 . ' 87c Hurd s etiome and many other
'* Nabisco Waters — Assorted ¦ - -w*w well-known brands, regularly 25c
If flavors, lb 24o AiM.i/»At a imm . __, n m j t0 4 CC P cr airc « 4"2l/ ~*
j* Cvdnhy's Dtamond C Soap— 1 7 A P nc01 V^? jCf • Boiled marked to close ... M^^O
\ ba 7» ' ' *' ' ' 5O .° Brandy ±j(ffio MT>fr3sfa/\J' f gg f*ir Cider Envelopes to march, package fZY-'O
1 * Mixed Nvt3 — N:wcrop, :.b.« Wtotr JT / JlT Jm */gffAj7l//J!J!J!sB£ I * /JM
mrxeanvu o«r' 85c & * Q~^^/gS+4i/W i^^Higi^ 7C C Odd lots of Hurd's and Whiting's
If . . . • *JOC W>/V CALIFORNIA'S LARGFST- £ ¦ — ' -^— * O J*» . 6
X Table Raisins -Nice !arge eluiten, Dnftlr mMiliHinnTff^*"* 1 *^^ O^*1« mourning enve.opej. regalar.y 2 ;c
I- 3 lbs. . . .*. ..:•."¦' 23c muuc -*^^^» 3i3a **^MERiCA-s grandest STORS DOllie a nd 5 ; c a pjckagt, to close f2 T : C
: A' ¦"'"¦'" " ' ' " '
.-.-^------¦-¦-^¦-¦-¦-¦-¦-¦---.-.-.-.-A^y^^y-^^^'jfi
rOur $ 1 0 SuitSv
Signa'ly prove the ability oi oar Big Basiness and I
Little Rent* Combination to save you money. 1
They are splendidly tailored — the fabrics are the most 1
correct of this season's proper sorts — the patterns are neat a
and handsome — the colorings include those swell new copper- i
browns, and smart steel grrays — *^§©5fcw m
and the styles are down to the %.^^^^\
In a nutshell, they are exactly
like the suits sold over on Kearny j^^^^^^^s.
and Market streets at $15.
But it is surprising- how long it i^^^^M^^^
takes some of ycta men to find it &WM^^^^m^mi
It really seems as if one of the
hardest tasks on earth was to
make doubting folks believe the
We're busy as bees selling '
these suits, to be sure — the de- ws&MtP^!s
\ mand for them keeps our sales- l^^^^^^xS
I men on the jump from store open- I^SsS'^^S
! ing to closing time — but well not fiT&*~I&llc*§i*
j bt satisfied till every man in the ifW^^^^J
I city realizes that it is unnecessary jlif k IlPi!'*
i extravagance to pay $15 for *^^ffl&&$
identically the same suits we s*ll
10JT Sro pffijj jtgjjtpcff^
Wake tip ! Come and see them. l«|§ililf
Then ycru will share our wonder J$M!0W$l
that yon didn't do so before. *£2%!vl$j£3
i You will begin to save money — * '&%$$
the very minatt yoia forsake the Jfl3r
stores with big rents and come gBtj&
FRANK BROS.
The Great, Big Store With the Little Rent,. 1
! CORNER KEARNY AND SACRAMENTO ( T T. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IgjJlitfi&OF Iff JB WOEL©'® J^tfillt I
.^B^'At Absolutely Lowest Prices §
Your -Credit Is Good — Niif Ced. 3
AGATE PSO-BRUS82L3 — The best 1° W 2C^ BHUS3ELS CAS?ET — A good heavy weave In O"jl
priced Carpet on the market. Thoroughly sani- jjl* choice colorings. Suitable for bed rooms. Hv- Q/ 2C rl
tary and moth proof. Reversible. Per yard.. ***^ Ing rooms and halls or parlor. Per yard. v»»*%* FJ
TIBEB CARPET— An artistic floor covering, suitable VELVET CABPET— Fine deep pile. Oriental and Coral ¦]
for bed rooms. Designs are very effective and 1 17I designs. No Carpet made gives the soft blend- Q£ Jj
harmonize with any color scheme. Per yard 4 I 2C ing of colors of this beautiful weave. Per yard yjQ, |J
n.ioPCTT.ir _-,.».... -n-ith Ht,-/*«-« tn. Tr,a»/.h * mm AXMUTSTESS — A choice line of effective patterns, with 9
TAPZSTET BRUSSELS — With borders to match. S F?** borders tr» match F"fi* r»*»*«n Till? Flo- !!»¦• *%#%1 l-j
An O e C xc^ ! e^ t g?aue. de^yard 1r !? n : al . jS 5?S 65C S^.^l^^ W£?k . i^Zl tt
BBUS3EI.ETTE BUGS, 27x54 inches — Reversible. A SKTSNA BUGS. 3x5 f set— All wool. P.ever- C 1 ? *1P L1
variety of colorings to choose from. Just the nn sible. A choice selection of patterns, jlj /j Ej
thing for an odd corner In the living room or JJ^JQ Each »f*v ••*•»¦ a
bedroom. Each ABT S QUAKES, 6x9 feet — All wool. Reversible. Each K
TAFESTBT BUGS, 27x54 Inches — Oriental tf« -j #\n side a different color effect. This weave is «£ t <n B
or floral designs. The colors are rich and j} g 9 \JJ too well known to need description. Each »fl^«» 1 13
ClTITDTIiV VMIHT CDCriil TAPESTBY POBTXEBES — Double faced. Fringed top and hot- tf» -« f\n H
3AIUKIIAY IN nil I jFLLIAL torn. A -variety of colorings to choose from. A special that will J&1.LJ3 I]
',* * . rt appeal to the economical. Saturday night only. Per pair. y
. c*f""y7 ¦^¦awwwBWHTwgjfr "H-'^SBSEERBBUfc. *^BS8tff5BSB^h. *VB$313S&5SS& Jl^^L At^ "-4
245-259 HEflRYCT ®gi TOE SOWI/MME IMARRIAGE UCENSES—OaJt^jd. V^
10— Tt.« fjKowts* raarrlsjE* li<^s»e» W*r*
trsa-d by the County c:«rlc to-^iay: R;>y-
Course!!. o*r*r n. and n?.-- 3. JicKiTa* cv>-
IS. bet* cf Oakland: Aadmr J. Asi-rscn. r>
aad Mt~l> Ra «r=-««a. 22. beta or Sjj
ei*co; C VT. Ftsitr. cv*r si. Eaihcrst. a^d
w jJ ?c *'E,*- Sr j3 ~- *= d T*t.V r. cS:
tarsce. 13. E2«» Val»; Jcawya p Stroea6~w
over SI. Oaktxa*. a=d Ansei.a B«x. cv*r i<
Alarseia: Oe— -. S*r.c2*«. over t3. aad K« : »
Mrs. Weidlen had closed her shop
a; 9 o'clock, but happened to remem
ber that a slot machine had been left
exposed, went below to take It in.
She found a man at the door of the
store and admitted .him. supposing
that he was a customer. He asked for
a cigar and while hesitating over the
choice of brands the man suddenly an
nounced that he wanted money and
not tobacco. His revolver covered the
frightened woman . and she hastily
produced & gold piece, which the fel
low pocketed and ,left» warning Mrs.
Weidlen to keep still and give no
alarm, under penalty of being shot
BERKELET, Nov. 10. — Mrs. John
Weidlen. proprietor of a small store at
£013 Adeline street, was held up in her
place of business last night during her
husband's absence and compelled to
deliver a $5 gold piece to a stranger,
who used a pistol to enforce his de
mand for money.
Berkeley Store Proprietor Is Robbed
by Man Who Pretends to Be
a Customer.
WOMAN FORCED TO GIVE
UP GOLD TO STRANGER
Clark had been a police ofSeer for
twelve years. Twice during his term
of service he had worn sergeant's
stripes. Hamerton was appointed
fourteen years ago and had at one time
been an "upper ofSce" man. Stahl had
been a patrolman for twelve years.
Andrews had nine years of service W
his credit, serving at times in the city"
prison ofSee.
Against that explanation, which An
drews agreed to. is the declaration
made by McElroy. Chief HcxJgkin«
without »a j ins wfcai was the specific
accusation, admitted that the real
charges did Involve Stahl as well as
the other three.
Th* trcubl* was that Hantertoa. Andrews
and «ay-t5f wer* eae*ht ia a roeei with hem
women ia tfce rfcy*tc:a=s' bvUiist oa Wasticr
ton *tr<*t; c«ar Tairt*«:tll. W« had bourht
»en» b**r and oyster loaves aad wtr« having
a "b**r bust." IUthtr thaa r*ia a lot of ao
tcrl«ty about th* thinr 1 resumed. Stahl did
not fc*v* »i..\thirjt t » do with this trocbl* and
I da not know why h# has resigned.
So far as H&tn*rtoev. Andrews aad mv«rlf
are ccccersed. th*.-«e ar« the fact*. I do We"
sptak fer SUM.
Clark. Hamerton and Andrews were
in conference to-day. Each repeated
the same story concerning the cases.
Each denied strenuously that he was
implicated in any thefts. As spokes
man. Clark said:
CLVUK'S STORY.
way and the Crescent Corset Company
on Thirteenth street. All these stores
are in the retail district and within
territory covered by these policemen.
Banquet for Oakland Comnanden
SAN JOSE. Nov. 10.— Oakland Com
mandry. Knights Templar, will be the
guests of San Jcse Corsrnandery at a
reception and banQuet next Saturday
evening. About seventy-ttTe visitors
are expected, among them Senator
Perkins and Governor Pardee. Th->
Oakland Knlshts will arrive here at
S:15 p. m.. and will be met at the de
pot by the San J««e Knights and a
band. After the exesspl location oj
some lodge work at the asylum of the
San Jose Coirsnian<Jery..an adjournment
win be taken to the- St. James Hotel,
where the han^u?: wti: be held.
Miss Mead recently made arrange
ments to sell a piece of realty owned
by her in Hannon County, S. D.. and a
search of the title showed that the
land has apparently been sold 'by her
to one Thomas L. Ryburn. and by him
to Mrs. Kate Van Wagenen. These
deeds purported to have been ac
knowledged before Notary Public Tom
R. Evans of Oakland. Search of the
records in the County Clerk's office
fails to show that there ever was such
a notary here. -. .
Charges of forgery Involving the
ownership of a valuable piece of realty
in South Dakota, made by a Miss Mary
Mead of San Diego, are being investi
gated here. The deposition of County
Clerk John P. Cook and Secretary of
State Curry are to be taken in order
to discover whether the records of
their offices will disclose that there
ever was a notary public by the name
of Tom R. Evans in this State and
county.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Nov. 10.
ASSERTS DEEDS
ARE FORGERIES
The reward for each cap
tured is 525 and their expenses to the
nearest army post. The soldisrs «av
they w£re approached by an unknown
man. who got them to sell their uni
forms and told them that the two
Constables, who -would arrest them
would do the right thing by them*
After being in jail two days they tired
cf their bargain and d'.d all they could
to extricate themselves froni their
plight. The court-martial of Holmes
was set for this afternoon. The Con
stables and Jailer Pets White, who
was on duty when the men were ar
rested, were subpenaed.
Charges that they were induced to
desert their regiment in order that the
reward for their capture could be col
lected by Deputy Constables J. Taylor
and Frank Roberts have been made at
army headquarters at the Presidio in
San Francisco by William Holmes and
Edward Sullivan, who were arrested
here on October 3. An investigation
has been started and summary action
may be taken against the accused men
Lieutenant Jchn B. Shuraan, Tenth
United States Infantry. -p-as here to-day
to collect evidence. The worst feature
of the case is that the accused men
held the soldiers in ,the County Jail for
a week p.nd sent no word to army
headquarters. The soldier? say this
was dor.e to allow the necessary ten
days to expire so they would be desert
ers within the meaning of the law. The
men were arrested on October 3 and
w ere not taken away until October 8.
The protests of the soldiers became
so loud that Jailer Harry Clark threat
ened to liberate them, as there was no
w arrant for thair detention. The Con
stables then asked him to place a
charge of -vagrancy against them, and
he informed them that such a charge
could not be placed against a United
States soldier. During their incarcera
tion the soldiers wrote to the author
ties tellins: them where they were.
This was the only notification their of
ficers had.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Xov. 10.
Hoag has returned to this city and
i» now living with his family. Mrs.
Benedict, It is believed, Is in Sacra
mento.
Hoag was the pastor of the Plymouth
Avenue Congregational Church. Tha
woman was his neighbor. It tvas somd
time after thtir disappearance before
it became known that tney had gone
away together. The first intimation
the public had of the matter was when
the action for divorce was begun by
Benedict. Even the failure of the Rev.
Hoag to keep a Sunaay engagement
to fill the pulpit of the Rev. William
Rader in San Francisco aroused no
suspicion that his remaining away was
unavoidable. Then finally the story
transpired and the couple were dis
covered in a town In Texas.
As the result of the escapade with
the Rev. C. W. Hoagr, with whom Mrs.
W. N. Benedict eloped some months
as<?. W. N. Benedict was to-day grant
ed a divorce. The charge was only
cruelty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
> 1016 Broadway, Nov. 10.
It Is said that among the ahop* upoa
which the men had drawn for supplies
are Becker** markets on • Washington
street and oa Thirteenth street.- Henry
Cusninr*s grocery oa Thirteenth near
Oar street. Smith Broa.* stationery
stor* on Thirteenth street near Broad-
President MeJE2roy sadd toe board
trould consider to-morrow Just whit
action tt would take on - the resigna
tions, aad would decide -how much
farther to probe tato ta* subject.- So
tar taere hkd b*ea oalr informal di«
eussloa. .-^SSKSSBBKBSS
tu this «fit Just hs.w rlcwely tb« e>*a »»r»
»*t;h»i *-.1 wi;at e*ts^d« w»c* taata ar.i
what if tit t>* :.-*»u;s» fcav* h««a pr«c«r»4 I d«
eot kri*. TTs* fo»r w«r» tot e»«raU=* to
(vthc* I kar* act b««a tater»*d as te a&y
r;t*r jhsrr** of mlsccsCoft against th««v eta.
IT th~y hav« b*«a a*sodat«4 wtth. wcc&«a er
Ril»frrteax-tn« ta say ecber war whU* cc duty tt
has eat cote*, to ray Uo«I«\U». TTv* «elr BUU
tsr t*;.-r» ii* t»>»r-i U that ot tt« pttfvrtac.
. T%* otva ti>« b**a under suspUloa for *m»«
ttta*. fcvt SKvUuac viroaU* has b««B known ur-
tb* ni.fiAti.'Bi htv» cot cfficlallr b»»n {¦?-
r. r» th« bOArd. »r.J it wUl b* cu: cf p!a«* ta
discica* turthvr (aronmaticin vv.t-.l th* tc»ts«r
hi* be«s thcrvxivhly ta\ ••nrstol.
Chief Hodpkins presented his report
to ths Commissioner* this mornlp.jr. An
informal session of the board wa* held,
at whk-h the Chief was directed to pay
nothing. All duy the Commissioners
were equally reticent aad declined to
make public tin* knowledge they pos
s>esso*i until after further conference
with Chief llodskins. After that took
place Commissioner McElroy, as presi
dent of th* board, made the following
statement:
CUrk. Uastrtea. £t*M ar.J Aedrcw* h»v»
t-** - so.-.K J ot vntrrt&s stores or ta<-rv*ha:-.:»
ca ihr :r beats while on duty ao<l pllfartnr frota
ta* storks. They har* been ' cent roated with
tl>«w ctuirire* and with th» *vt4*r.c« which is
J-r.i m su!««ta.sU*.t:cin cf th* accusations *rd
t^» tour r.i-r. -r. '.i\Uu»::y. bav* C'.c-i their rt»
urn ;.>-¦:» frotn th# JVllc* iVparuasat. Thi«.
la toort. is U»* f»ct coao*mlng the astouadisi
rv\«c»:..^. tKat Lave tM«n male to the Beard
ot IV. .o* ana F:re CV>aiaxiaatos«rs about tlte
tceiuct ct ts»!« w«a. To say that I am
a&cckavl t<eyoa4 rr*»»up» «iovs net •vfress it.
1 asa not at Ittwrtr t» nak.* i-,:t ".;o th* ac
cusers er any cf th<> details. Ttvis tsust b*
t. v.ht.f'.J for (&• kixxI cf the J»;*rt=5e:;t ac4
tor ihr ».vj or the yulMo. Th* caars«* aai
It had been intended that Clark.
Harrerton. Stahl and Andrews should
be allowed quietly to resign and drop
cut of sight 8t> far as the Polie* Pe«
partmect is concerned. But the fact
that four men should have stepped out
n.jrether pave rise to the suspicion
that the ostensible rvason of with
drawal was not the real one.
McKIJlOY*6 STATEMENT.
That the charge* are confined to
those of stealing merchandise is as
serted by Ootnzdsataner McElroy. Of
any «->th»r sccusaVons he declares h»
Is without knowledge, r^reonally or
officially. Whether the Commissioners
will ta_ke step* looking toward a crim
inal prv-secution of the accused men
will not be decided until tha board
h«» pffciaily handled the cases. This
question I*, accurdlnp to President Me-
Klroy. so Important that he was un
willir.? to venture an opinion or to
make a statement pending further In
vestigation. He declined to *ay
whether he thought charges of bur
glary would hold against either ot the
1 3ur men.
patrolled the business district for
years. They had choice beats because
of their reputations as flrst-class men.
Thest- beats Include the largrer portion
of the retail business f>art of the city.
%»ith such a variety of stores as would
be found In any city of Oakland's pro
portions. Ther* was nothing to check
the^r^erations of the quartet. Bincly
or together. For much of the time
durirp which the pilfering: Is aileg*4
to have pone on Serjeant Clark was
the immediate superior of the three
patrolmen.
PEACE OFFICERS
ARE SUSPECTS
MEMHKUS Of TilK OAKLAND PO-
L1OK PEPARTMEST WHO HAVE
RESIGNED l'.M»ER F1KK.
DIVORCE ENDS
AN ESCAPADE
Leon Hafca Cachraa o! the O&Uaad Poct
cJice de;artsa«&t took usto hisssei; a bride
last Saturday eveaisc. Miss Amelia Mailer ot
JackBonville. Oregon. The bride is a daugh
ter o! th* late -Max Mailer." a well-known pol
itician or Oregon. Th« wedding was a quiet
UtU* affair, at tte heise of the groom's
zacther. Mrs. L. H. Cxhraa. Miss LtxcilU
Cochraa wa« bridcssald aad Frederick Sb*r
rttt attesded tt« rrocaa. Rev. Elzer MsBsr
cey betas th« offlclir.tr.g- clergyman.
Last Tuesday wu State day s.: ths Tova
" and Gown dub la Berkeley and "Forestry"
was the topic for the occasion. It proved ta
b« dellghtf&l ta every way. for Dr. Bade, that
delightful talker, when Oaklanders have had
the pleasur* o! lisceainc ta on several occa
sions, spoke on "Forests and For«»t Ir.hab
ltaats of the High Sierras." Mrs. J. M. Pter««
exng a "Forest Soar." aad several other aera
tor* aad then the hestew of the dar. Mrs.
John Hlnkle. served tea. Mis* Hlttell. repre
senting the State efcalnsan. Mrs. Scoviile. was
present, and Mrs. Place, district chairman !«r
the State Federation, was also a cue •:_ Mrs.
Hinkle was assisted ta her datles as hos:e«s
by Mrs. JB. - F. Weston. Mrs. William DbC
Mrs. Edzrcad Gray aad Mrs. Hall.
Mrs- Mau'a guests were Mrs. H. A. Pow
ell. Mrs J. C. Rued. Mrs. E. H. Benjamin.
Mrs. J. F. Hlnk. Mrs. Louis Ghtrardelil. Mrs.
J. F. Dunhaza. Mrs. Edgar Stoae. Mrs. Al
fred Eaatlaad. Mrs. W. W. StacJefcrd. Mrs.
J. W. McClare. Mr». M. Schuneiaaa. Mrs.
George Bovercaux. Mrs. J. F. Lilly. Mr«.
WiUard Williamson, Mrs. Frank Leavitt. Mrs.
Hugh MoCall Web«ter. Mrs. Wilbur Halsey.
Mrs. B. Fisher. Mrs. George Purl-enky, Mrv
J. F. Grindley. Mrs. H. Yost. Mr*. Van En
dca. Miss Grove and Miss Hlnk.
Mrs. Charles Maa. wu hoatesa last Satur
day at an enjoyable card party, euchre be
ing the hour'* amusement. The decoration*
wen naasually ¦ pretty. Tlolets furnishing- aa
attractive scheme. The three prizes awarded
for euchre scores were won by Mrs. Vaa Exa
den. Mrs. Boverean and Mrs. Halsey.
Ainoag those who enjoyed this programme
of real musical worth were: Professor RIs
ln<. Mrs. Rteing and . Miss Rising; Mrs. Ed
ward B Clapp. Mrs. John P. Irieh. Miss Irish.
Miss Edaa Orr. Miss Edna Prather. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles E. Miller. Mr. aad Mrs. Wil
liam K Paysoa. Mrs. James S. Wethered. Mrs.
Sellm E. Woodworth. Mrs. Charles Butters,
Professor Frank Soule and Mrs. Soule. Mr.
and Mrs. Paul Rleger. Professor W. H. Has
kell and Mrs. Haskell. Miss Bertha Monroe
Rlcon*. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Keeler. Mr. and
Mrs. Arthur Maurer. Mrs. V. D. Moody. Mrs.
Edmond S. Gray. Mrs. Arthur Jelllson, Mrs.
Philip Bocne. Mr. and Mrs. -Thomas Rlckard.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Edwards, Dr. and Mrs.
Edward roa Adelunx. Dr. aad Mrs. W. N.
Hart. Mr. and Mrs. Wallace White. Mr. and
Mrs. Edward Kleugel. Mr. and Mrs. Adolph
Schlessiager. Miss Llta Schlessinger. Serd Ha
vens, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Day. Miw Carol
Day, Mr. acd Mrs-»J. C. Lynch, Mr. and Mrs.
William C.~ Keith. Professor Bacon and Mrs
Bacon. Mr. aad Mrs. A. E. Jerter. Miss Ma
bel HIH. Mrs. Morgan, Miss Winifred June
Morgan. Dr. Frank Hus, Mies Fairbanks, Mrs.
Mabel Gray Lachmnnd. Miss Rose. Mr. and
Mrsv B. A- Bray aad Mrs. E. N. Ewer.
One of the smartest musical affairs that
has ever taken olace on this side of the bay
wa«" the -piano and 'cello recital given at the
Berkeley home of Mr. and Mrs. Alien O.
Freeman ¦ last Tuesday evening by Mr. aad
Mrs. Frederick Outterson. Oakland's elite as
well as society of the college toy was rep
resented In the smartly dressed aadience that
filled the quaint drawing-rooms of the Free
man home. Mr. and. Mrs. Freeman have just
finished one of »he most artistic residences In
Berkeley and it was fitting that suca music
as- Mr. and Mrs. Gutterson can give us should
brf heard with such environment. .
Mrs. Gutterson ie a pupil of Bauer, and
the master's influence was evident in the
delicate, velvet-fingered rendering of the little
clcster of Chopin number* Etude, C sharp
miner, A flat major. F minor; Polonaise. C
sharp minor;* Ballade. A flat.
Mr. Gutterson' s delightful work with the
•cello is familiar to most music lovers in this
vicinity, but we felt that we had not heard
htm at his best until Tuesday nUht.
The violoncello and piano numbers were Bee
thoven's sonata Op. 60 and the Boccoerinl
sonata. t
Miss Williams presided at the tea table,
her assistants being Miwes Grace Xourse,
Alice Hiestand, May Hosmer, Raj- Leeper,
Mary Rust and Claire Foster.;. Candles were
dispensed by Misses Emma Davies. Fannie
Karlsh Violet Wakefleld and Florence . Furn
hoff. Miss Gelselmaa proved herself an adept
palmist and at tb« doll and apron booths wer«
Miss Margare-t Baldwin. Miss Kemp. Miss
Presho and Miss Marsh. •hjvj ¦ ¦¦ ' *.->
OAKLAND. Nov. 10. — Dame Nature smiled
kindly on the efforts of the charitable women
of the East Oakland Free Kindergarten and
gave a perfect day . for the Christmas sale.
Mrs. Thomas J. McMannls' home, where the
benefit took place this afternoon and evening.
Is one of the many beautiful cottages that
adorn Orange street, and In gala attire was
an attractive rendezvous to-day. Flowers and
delicate vines were used with artistic effect
and pretty little booths where confectionery
and fancy articles were disposed of formed
part of the pleastng decoration scheme. Tea
and Icecream were also served and the lady
mar.a««rs of the kindergarten have reason to
b* proud of their work and the successful
outcome, for the sale was well attended.
Some good music was also' heard during the
afternoon. \ Misses Lily and Theresa Sherwood
gsve several guitar and mandolin selections.
Mrs. and Miss Kemp played a piano duet and
Mrs. R, C. Brooks sang two delightful num
bers. "If I Knew." by Jessie Gaynor. and
"An Irish Folk Song." by Arthur Foote.
Lowell 'Redfleld. Oakland's promising young
barytone. aUded much to the day's success
with several selections,' Including two Hun
garian songs by Korboy, beautitul In them
selves and artistically rendered. Mr. Red-
Held, by the way. has concluded to forsake a
business career for the concert stage and his
decision has met with general approval.
Mrs- McMannls and Mrs. C. U, Brewster,
president of the Kindergarten Association,
were assisted by a Urge number of ladles, in
cluding the other officers, Mrs. James P. Vans,
Miss Adeline Blood and Miss Claribel Wil
liams.
There wUl b«. a university meeting In the
Harmon gymnasium at 11 o'clock to-morrow.
The speakers will be John R. G'.&scock. 'CS.
and Charles S, ' Wheeler. "M. Mr. Glascock \s
one cf the earliest graduates of toe university,
having received the degree of A. B. from the
old College of California and of A. M. from
the University of California, after the Collega
of Calif craia had grown into a State Univer
sity.
The musical and dramatic committee has re
ported to President Wheeler that the less to
the university from the presentation of the
Greek play. "AJax." in the Greek Theater was
$20 63. The less is borne by the musical and
dramatic fund. -
JF"rom th? presentation of •'Hamlet" by Ben
Greet" s players and from the Sousa. concert m
th* Greek Theater the prcflt was sufficient, af
ter deducting the loss from "AJax," to- In
crea.oe th« musical and dramatic fund by
$$4-*5 77. . ¦
Ph. Dr.-Jirt V. Danes of the University oi
Prague and delegate to the International Geo
graphic Congress at Washington and St. Louis,
was a guest of the university yesterday. Pro
fessors Uwscn and Christy and Librarian
Rowell escorted .the distinguished visitor
through the university. Dr. Danes Is to visit
the Lick Observatory next Saturday as the
guest of Director Campbell.
Professor KofolJ of the biological depart
ment, who !eft en October 2 for the South Sea
Islands on a special research expedition for the
university, has written that he. arrived at
Panama aboard the Albatross on October 23.
The class of 1!KX) of the University of Cali
fornia exp-?cts an attendance of between fifty
and sixty men at Its annual reunion dinner at
the California Hotel at 7:30 p. m. to-morrow.
The class will entertain s-ereral guests, amen*
them President Benjamin We Wheeler and
Professor Thomas R. Bacon.
. BERKELEY. Nor. 10. — Tha sophomore wo
men of the university held a "gym Jinks" to
night In Hearst Hall. An elaborate programme
of musical, athletic and literary features, was
presented, followed by dancing and sapper.
Miss Alice Berry presided as toast mlstrsss at
the table. Miss Ruth Salinger, vice president
of the sophomore class, had general supervision
of the affair.
Professor H. B. Paemore has compesed a
musical ditty entitled* '•The Contest of Tells."
It is to be played at Golden Gate Park next
Sunday afternoon. The piece will express In
musical form some cf California and Stan
ford's best yells. Professor Pasmore is known
as the author of some of the best football
songs, .imong them being "Heart* of Oak." "
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
CHARITY SALE.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Among the other speakers were
Judge Ellsworth. Councilman Elliott of
Oakland. Senator Lukens. Judge Mel
vin. Judsje Hall, Captain Simpson, J.
Clem Bates. President Capwell of the
Oakland Board of Trade and E. M.
Stearns.
I can assure you, my feliow-cttlxens and
neighbor*, that should I be so fortunate as to
follow in the footsteps of two distinguished
Representatives from the Third District, who
wero advanced to Cabinet poeition*. I would
not feel any prouder than I do to-night as
I accept this token from my fellow clUxens.
I d» not feel any different to-night from what
1 did a. year ago. In faetl I feel smaller now
than I did then and when 1 reach Washing
ton I shall probably feel -mailer yeU I think
that I realize that Important and responsible'
duties lie before me. but It win be my stead
fast purpo«e to "make good.." I trust that
the time will never come when my con
stituents trill have any cause to regret that
they honored me with their support.'
Congressman-elect- Knowland, after
being presented with an artistic invi
tation made of California clay in tab
let form, said In part:
When 1 look about me here to-night , and
observe «x> many distinguished Republicans I
feel like the moon'; shining by reflected light.
I am proud of the choice you have mada for
your representative in the Third Congressional
District. Alameda County has a great Indus,
trial future, and 1 will co-operate with Mr.
Knowland In promoting IU welfare a* well
as the welfare of the Third Congressional Dl!»
trlct. I have traveled extensively over th«
world, but have never visited any plac« that
nature has done ao much for as *he has for
Alameda County. Alameda, Oakland and
Berkeley will In time. I believe, becomt to
th« Pacific Coast what New York and Brook
lyn are to the Atlantic CV)q.«t.
Governor Pardee responded to the
sentiment, "California," saying in
part:
It was with the greatest pleasure that I
rame here from the State capital to-night to
participate In the reception to Alameda' s fa
vorite sons — Knowland. Simpson and Hates—
and to testify to the Indomitable honesty and
unyielding perseverance of that great man and
the greatest President tm> nation has ever
had. Theodore. Roosevelt. He is the Ideal type
of sterling American manhood, and we leve
him for what he Is. When he was here one
year and a half ago and was about to pars over
the northern boundary of the State he said K
m«: "Governor Pardee. California 1* my Ideal
£late and Californlans are my Ideal people."
California showed by h»r action Tuesday that
she considers Roosevelt an ideal man for Presi
dent.
* ALAMEDA. Nov. 10.— Alameda Coun
ty's notable Republicans were repre
sented in force at to-night's reception
to Congressman-elect Joseph R. Know
land. State Senator-elect M. W. Simp
son, and Assemblyman-alect J. Clem
Bates by the West End Improvement
Association in the West End Wigwam.
Among the polftical celebrities- present
were: Governor George C. Pardee,
Senator George C. Perkins, Joseph
R. Know-land, M. W. Simpson,
J. Clem Bates, Superior Judges H. A.
Melvin. John Ellsworth and S. P. Hall;
State Senators Frank Leavitt and C
R. Lukens, Charles E. Snook, A. B.
Hunt, H. C. & Capwell, Edwin M.
Stearns and A. H. Elliott. / 'i '
Charles R. Smith. President of the
West End Improvement Association,
officiated as toastmaster. United States
Senator Perkins, In responding to tha
toast "Alameda County," said in part:
OAKLAND.- Nov. 10.— Aooustnl of pil
ferlns from sioivs on their boats while
on duty and confronted with tht evi
cirnce by their suivrlors in
proof ef the a«ioniphit:fr charges. Po
lice Fer*Tcant Charles E. Clark and
P»tr»lmen Le* R. Andrews. Charlos \V.
Hamrrton and John F. Btahl resigned
last night from ihe Police LVpartraont
rather than face an Investigation tv
for« the Commissioners. The fact of
the resigniitions was published in this
morning^* Call.
Th* men involved have stoutly de
nied their part iu thievery and have
asserted that escapades with women
-while on duty were the causes of their
retirement, but the Police Commisslon
tre to-day made an official statement
covering In brief the true etate of af
fair*.
To th» Commissioners the revelation,*
are. to Quote the exact lanpua^re of
John E. McElroy. president of the
t>oard. "astounding." The board can
Crd no excuse for the offenses laid at
the door of four men whose reputa
tions In the Police Department and as
cltltens had been without blemish.
That thes«« men should have taken ad
vantage cf their positions and looted
the place* cf business they were paid
and *worn to protect seemed almost
Incredible. l?ut the evidence which was
placed before the men themselves was
of suca a convincing nature that on*
after the other filed his resignation. In
viow of the circamstanevs the com
missioners hav* decided to make a
thorough investigation ci the cases to
morrow afternoon before they decid*
what court* to taJte uiih the resign*-
CONFRONTED WITH TUK PROOF.
Culmination of several weeks* secret
wntchln* of the suspected men came
Tuesday afternoon and evening. Chief
of Police Hodgkir-s had completed his
labors In that regard and had sum
moned Clark. Ha:aertou. Stahi and
Andrews before him. Each man was
interviewed separately and was shown
precirely what had been' disclosed to
his •uporiors. Each accused oSlcer.
after *ui^ple consideration, g-ave In his
i^sigr.ation. Their action in thus with
drawing simultaneously '.caked out.
With It followed rumors cf misdoing,
but these were doubted, largely be
cause cf the etandir.gr of the men.
At the crisis of the case Stahl re
veived word of the death cf his father
by accident at Portland. Or. Vester
day he departed, civics as his reason
for leaving th« city -the necessity of
taking chsLrj:» cf his fathers affairs
at Portland, His friends \rere told
that he did not intend to return to Oak
land, and would send shortly for his
family. Andrews ard Clark have de
cided to so to Tonop&h or sjrae other
mining district In Nevada. Haxnerton
has not said what h? inteads to do.
It was in ths course of an inquiry
ir.to suspicious conduct of one cf
the men that disclosures which have
resulted in the exposure were made to
the head ef th* department.
For some weeks watch had be»n kept
closely upon the sf our. According to
the inf^rtnatioa in the hands of the
Commissioners, the men were not im
plicated together, but had been en
R*yed each on his own account in a
reries cf petty piiferinrs from shops.
It is asserted that the srealir.trs have
not been very heavy in amount. They
have been mainly confined to articles
lf*# knlv*». rur?«s. hou5*ho!d sup»>Ues,
:•. revts. hams, prxveen**. wearing * ap
r*rel sjad the like. Bat on the score
of details the Police Commissiosen* re
fuse to talk at present.
Andrews. Hamertoa and Stahl had
He Says No Eiiture Honors
Could Make Him Feel
Prouder Than He -Is Now
t!ne (married), let 7. block B. map U-snzxn
Tract. Piedmont. d*ed and agreesasat Oakland
Trwashi?: $li>.
Leah F. M«t f#isx!«) to Perkina H Ba»
ler. lot en N ll=e cf Bueaa Vista. av—.u»
279:11 W of St. Ciar!e« rtr»»t. N 130 by W
5O. portlcn of lots* 7 and «. block K. prr^erty
cf CoJumbow Bartlett. near IZastiek stati^-
Alasieda; $1O.
James J. McNasara ta "WKHa-i R!ch:»r lot
ca N Ua* cf AlameCa aveaae. 350 \T cfWal
nct stre«^. W 50 by N 130, let 2 la E hair o*
block B. lands ad;a«st t> Eaciaal. Ala=«*a
$10. - '
O. H. and Augusta tCe:» (wlf«> to itari*
Ann* Peniwcn. Jot ca 3 Use of A!a3-eri%
avecae. »» W of Walaat «tr««t W 3 br j
150. cortiwa of let 14 la E half of fcl.xrk E.
lands adjac-nt to Er.el=a!. Alameda; $10
M*rtha C. Stark to D. A. ?tarx Oiastaadi
lot ca E Uae of Mcrtiw str»*t, 15*1 N ef C*r
tral av«au*. N 73 ty E 150. lota 45 to 43.
block 21. Fitch K:>nj*#teaA AUaeda; r^-
Mcuc.yi:a View Cemetery Association ts
G^-tXt W. R*a*er. tet ia cetaetery. (,'ik.ir 1
Tciriihlp; J5«.
The R*altv Syndicate to Jiae* A. Ballea-
9. 1904); |10. r_ _
Walter. W. Scott (single) to same, tot on H
line of Ellsworth street. «:10 M of .Russell.
N 44:10 by E 127 :«» lot 17. block H. same,
Berkeley (recorded November ». 19O»): *10-
Ernest" F. and Alice- E. Barry to Agnes M.
Bmlth and Annie E. McGtnty. lot on NE corner
of Ellsworth and Rusaell streets. N 89:8 by B 53,
portion lots 17 and IS, block H, wnw n»j,
Berkeley (recorded November 9, 180*): W«*
Adam and Mary R. Jeffreys to Charlee I*
Hugglna. lot on S Una ot Addlson street. «73
east of it* intersection with center line of
Sherman or Grove. E SO by 3 134.63. lot 14.
block 1. subdivision map block 1. Snattuc*
Tract, northerly portion plat 68. eta. Berkeley
(recorded November 9. 1904); $100.
John R«inecker (widower) to W. J. and M.
M. Plunmer (wife), lot ca S line of Sant*
Clara avenue 122:2 W cf Bt. Cfcarles street. W
25. S 125:2, E 23. N 124:8. lot 44. map portlca
of Vlschar Tract. Alameda (recorded Novem
ber 8. 1904): $10. J. .
Samuel and Lillian H. Urtnxwtoa (wifs) t»
Mlchele Babatino. lot 'on S line of Eights
street, 125 E of Harrlscn. B 23 by S 100. lot
11. block $0. Kellersberger 1 * map. Oakland.
deed and agreement; $10.
Hlbernla Saving* and Loan Society (corpo
ration) and E. A. Heron to George A. Lewis,
lot on BE line of Howe street. 117:5 NE of
Moss avenue, NE BO by BE 123. lot. SI and
portion lota 30 and 32, block A, map Thermal
Hill (formerly Howe Tract), Oakland: $10.
Lillian McDonald «wldow) to Herman Paine.
BW 40 feet of lot 9. block B. land* of Oak
land View Homestead Association, eta.. Oak
land; S10.
Francis W. Rappert to Edward T. Letter,
lot on W Use of West street. 80 8 of Thirty
seventh. S 23 by W 100.21, lot 10. block H.
Major Given Tract, Oakland: $10.
Adeline H. and John H. Brown to Carol!**
M. Sturtevant (wife of N. G). lot on S line
of Thirty-sixth (Logan) street. 118 W of Grove.
W 60 by S 120:3, lot 13. block C. srooerty
Central Land Company, Oakland; $10.
F. S. and Emily M. Page to Jeaste D«in«r.t
(wife of F. G.), lot on E line of Etna street.
100 N of Derby (Russ). N 50 by B 133. Berke
ley: $10. * "-'
Susan Ellis Hewstdn (widow) to Larl J.
Kendrick. lot on NW corner of Emerson street
and Shattuck avenue. X 55, W 103, mere or
less, 6 55, E 100, lot 24. asd portion of lot
25, block L. en two maps, a portion Newbury
Tract asd amended ma? Nevbury Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Winiam W. Culver (single) to Jaaett* B.
Culver (former wife), lot on SE corner of
Baker and Irving street*. E 60. 8 100. W
69:S*i. N 100 :4H. lots 24 asd 23. map of plat
5 and portion plat ft, Dohr Traat. Berkeley;
$10.
Resa M. Ehattack fwlSow) aad Jfefca TT.
Havens (single) to Lewia A. Hicks, lot o»
NtV corner Shattuck avenue and Parker street.
"W 10O N 109.73. S 110. portion lots 13. H. 15.
block 10, map 4. Bhatcack Tract. Berkeley; $10.
¦Wimam H. and Mary B. Taylor to Ange:»
Ghigltone, lot on N line of PaclSo avestsa,
430 W of Becend avenue. W 202:3 by N 300,
Alameda; $10.
Gustave Slngler tc Henry Stng!er. lot en S3
corner of Escinal avenne and Willow street,
lot* IS and 17. in W l, of block H. Pioneer
Homestead. Association deed given to releas*
5£3 M 157, Alanseda; $500.
Joanna McGann (widow) to I. T. Clarra**.
lot en N line of Felion street. 80 W frcxa Izb
intersection with right ef way of California
and Nevada Railroad. W 40 by N 134. portJca
lots 7 asd S. blsck C. amended map J. W.
Crawford Tract. Oakland; $10.
Anrelo A- aad Marianlna Ambrose and Sara
flno and Franclsca Fazio to Fred W. and Flora
G. TVerner. lot on N line cf Eighteenth street.
100 E cf West. E #O by N 10<>, lot 13, btock R,
Barnes Tract. Oakland; grant.
James A. acd Elizabeth E. Angwta to Joha
B. Mackey. lot on W line cf Chestnut street.
t>7:6 S of it* intersection with Encmal line 3
«>. W 100. NE 60. E M:3. lot 2 and portion
lot L block 611. subdivision xnap AXTred Ear
stow Tract. Oakland; $10.
Saving* «ni Lcaa Society and E. A. Hcrca
to Robert Hassen. lot 10 ar.d NE 20 fe«t lot 11
block C, Tb#rmai H:::. formerly How* Tract.
Oakland: <10.
Rrbert and Mary Haasea (wife) to Jacob
H. Barker, same. Oakland; $10.
Union SavlBgs Rar.k ta Catherla* M. Rob
erts, let en E corner of East Twenty- swecrsd
street and Nineteenth avenue. JfE 4O by S3
127:0. lot 1 aad portion lot 2. block 73. mas
resubJivision block 73. Northern Addlticn ta
Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10.
Same to R. O. Humphrey, lot on 8S Kae of
Nineteenth avenue. 40 NB of East Twe=tr
»*coaa street. NE 37 :» by SS 127 :&. lot 3 aai
portion let 2. block 73. sazs* rsaa. Eaat Oak-
L. Loretta Shaw (single) to Ernejrt V. Barry,
lot on NE corner of Ellsworth and Russell
streets. N 44:10 by E 127 :». lot 13. block H.
Leonard Tract. Berkeley (recorded November
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Alameda County.
CONGKESSMANr-IS HAPPY
In reply I will state that this department
must "enforce proper military discipline at
all times when students are under military
Instruction." This . requirement applies to
theoretical Instruction as well as to practical
Cadets Jooeph P. Loeb, John S. Edwards
and J. Oustav White, University of California
(the committee from seniors In class military
2A)— Gentlemen: I have the honor to ac
knowledge the receipt of your letter of the
6th Instant requesting. In behalf of the seniors
in the class of military 2A that the instruc
tions of this department dividing the class
in military; 2A Into sections and requiring
the sections to form on the road east of Xorth
Hall and thence march to the classroom be
rexoked and that Instead 'certain other named
methods be adopted.
Captain Nance's letter is as follows:
OAKLAND. Nov. 10— Refusing to
yield to the request of the senior class
for a modification of the obnoxious
marching order Issued by him two
weeks ago, Captain J. T. Nance to-day
grave the class formal notification to
that effect. He answered the letter sent
to him by the seniors, wherein they
suggested the wisdom of amending the
instructions which they had disobeyed.
Sergeant and Three Patrolmen Dishonor Good Records
by Robbing Those They Swore to Protect.
An earnest effort on the part of the seniors
in the class military 2A to comply with the
requirements o* the department will serve to
place the senior class In a far more dignified
and secure position than will a sullen, per
functory obedience of the Instructions or
further attempt to brins about their revoca
tion. Very respectfully. J. T. NANCE,
Captain Ninth Cavalry. U. S. A-
instruction. Th«r« ar, varioua J°«°» of f '•'
cipltn.. each good in "V 1^ ~.rrfb£d £
Military discipline 1» the form l««o»Wto
b« enforced durfn* the Instruction of «»u
claw; no other form of discipline h ° w « v *5
grood for Us particular purpose It may be. eaa
b., considered. Military discipline Is brought
about and maintained in a command b > **?"
established methods, and compliance wltn tna
requirements of military discipline Is not. in
any sense "a humiliation" to any one.
It Is not deemed best to go further Into
the subject matter of your letter at this time,
but I assure you that your letter in all it«
parts has been carefully considered. As in
dicated in the foregoing, your request cannot
b» jrranted; the Instructions issued must M
complied with.
¦When the course of instruction in this class
has progressed further It Is probable that the
points of view of the Instructor and the stu
dents will be less wide apart Then a state
ment of my position on some of the points
raised in your letter will be much better un
derstood.
Confronted With the Rr oof, They Resign
Governor Pardee; Senator
Perkins and v Other Ora
tors Make Strong Speeches
TELLS CLASS OF SENIORS NOT TO SULK\
Military Instructor Says All His
Orders Must Be Obeyed.
NANCE STANDS FIRM
ALAMEDA GIVES
KNOWLAND JOY
POLICEMEN CHARGED WITH PILFERING
FROM STORES ON THEIR BEATS.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
There Is a mistaken Impression that I
every time an old maid is Introduced •
to an unmarried ? man she i sees hope I
ahead. J
BERKELEY, Xov. 10. — Fred T.
Ball. th« restaurant man. who dropped
oat of sd«ht last Monday, leaving a
number of debts and a note to his em
ployes, telling them they, could ran
the restaurant for a day and so recoup
themselves for money due them, has
returned, and announces : that he will
pay 'his debts.
Ball 1 was a freshman at the uni
vtrsiQr last year and recently . per*
Fred Ball Declares That He Did Xot
Go Away With Pretty
Girl Cashier.
RESTAURANT "MAX RETURNS
TO PACE HIS CREDITORS
. When Ball left last Monday the girl
cashier, Jessie Leach, to whom he was
said to be engaged, also disappeared
without warning or explanation. It
was supposed that the pair had left
tcpether. Ball denies this, saying- that
Miss Leach went to her home at Red
die?. He denies that he intended to
profit by his suspension of business,
declaring that. all creditors eventually
will get their money. Some students
who held 'meal tickets will not set
their money back, as Ball says they
bought them from his waiters at re
duced rates and have no right to ex
pect a return of the money paid.
chased the controlling Interest in the
Commercial • lunch room on Center
street- The venture was a failure.
The only redeeming feature about a
pl£ Is Its hams.
6
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
Your Choice of
¦ A CLEAVER
—Or— .
AN EMERY STEEL.
Both desirable articles and un-
usually bis values.
* Fre« With Every Smtll Ad
In SUNDAY CALL.
Set SznaQ'Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
Skin Diseases
ftreccred by
Glycozone
By destroyiag germs, they as-
aist nature to acevrr p!i>h a core.
Scad thirty-five cer.t$ to pay «x-
pressage oo Free Trial Bottles.
s»a >y v—s.^ r>Hiwi.
>« |mIm h'im >»*>! •*•<« ¦; m»ii«n :
CtO Priao* Str**t. >". V.
_RMMtn svswi «iLtr«ioia>Wf
N x^- OTdeal through \rhich the ex-
JSf IIi>4^ £fSf f^ F^ I»ss usually is
Hiimfii V ™ sh ? looks^orward to the critical
SESr^^'^ * nn?leasant
the event safely and with tmt 11^1^^
have. testified and said^t is •""¦¦VI V
worth its weight in gold." <j oo r*r T ¦>«. • Ji
bottle of druggists. Book coV^inS; i^PBI^illi
valnable intonnation mailed f-rc B fi SIS. 1 IS
WEHlU)nao«£«JUTOBCtX.MI»ur^. * H^ 11^ 1
BBANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL ES r
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone >"ortb 77.
aiIasieda.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.WANTS PERMIT FOR HOSPITAL^— The
Good Samaritan Hospital -of San Francisco, a
corporation, yesterday petitioned the Super
visors for a permit for the establishing of a
hospital at 702 Market st. ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦
GREAT INTEREST IN DINNER.— The
Merchants* Association announces that the sale
of seats for its annual' dinner la greater than
ever berore. Every available place has been
engaged and forty members are on the waiting
list. No member's cuects can be entertained
this year. The dinner will be held at the Pal
ace Hotel. Wednesday evening, November 18.
Dr. W. S. Austin of Salinas is at the
Grand. - • . . .
..H.F.'.Geer f ,a business man of Tur
lock, is at the. Lick. . ,
Ben Maddox. a Visalla editor, is
registered at the, Grand. , .
Dr. and Mrs. S. C. Hooker of Phil
adelphia are' at the St. Francis. '
-Dr. J.R. Hurley, W. B.Clapp and
J. W. Milburn, who are attached to
the United States Coast and Geodetic
PERSONAL.
COMPLIMENTS POLICE DEPARTMENT.—
Chief Wlttman received a letter yesterday
from a committee of the Knights Templar,
thanking him for tha efficient manner ln
which the San Ft&nclsco Police Department
performed Its duties during the twenty
ninth Triennial Conclave and the courteous
treatment the police extended to the visitors.
WANTS PERMIT FOR SPUIl TRACK.—
Flora D. Jones yesterday petitioned the Su
pervisors for permission to construct a spur
track on Harrison street, between ' Nineteenth
and Twentieth, to -connect her property with
the rails of the Southern Pacific Company, i
$2.00 buys a card index drawer, 500
record cards and 25- guide cArds. Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and good print
ing. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
Card Systems and Cabinets.
The Associated Veterans of the
Mexican War met in their room in the
City Hall last night. The officers pres
ent were President George Thistleton.
Secretary W. L. Duncan and Treas
urer S. J. Loop. A feature of. the
evening was the reading by Eliza A.
Plttsinger of her poem, "The Song of
the Soul Victorious." Treasurer Loop
reported that forty-eight of the sixty
six stones required for the base of
the Sloat monument have been sub
scribed for find are now in place.
After brief addresses by Major Sher
man and M. L. Meyer the meeting ad
journed to a downtown restaurant,
where dinner was served.
Mexican War Veterans Meet.
The regular departments teem with satire
and comment and a general resume of the
election will prove int^restlnK reading. ¦ •
Tliis Week's News Letter.
The San Francisco News Letter contains sev
eral lntertstine articles this week. Those of
especial Interest are:
"A Triumph for Decency."
"Athletics ln the Nursery." . •
"Affairs at San Quentln."
"Victims of Gambling."
"Mall Boxes on Ferry-boats."
"Colletre Widow and Others."
"Scandals at Ingleslde."
The Callforn'a Stale Board of Trade
will be represented by N. P. Chipman,
T. C. Friedlander .and A. R. Brlggs in
the executive committee to take up the
work of improving the quality and in
creasing the quantity of milling wheat
produced in California. These appoint
ments were made yesterday. These
men, with the others who were ap
pointed as the result of the recent con
ference, in this, city, will Immediately
proceed to work. In addition to those
mentioned above the executive com
mittee includes B. S. Sinshelmer, G. W.
Pierce, F. M. Miller, Fred M. West, W.
E. Keller and F. M. Wheelan.
Manager , Briggs of the Board of
Trade says the first work to' be under
taken is to raise sufficient money to
proceed with experiments. The sum of
$2000 has been pledged. It will be neces
sary to have $3000. The executive com
mittee will probably Import seed wheat
from abroad. Mr. Briggs' opinion is
that care should be taken in distribut
ing the seed wheat, so that in selecting
the farmers who shall make the needed
experiments the best and most
systematic men may be secured.
An appropriation for carrying on the
work after the first experimental steps
have been taken will be sought ' from
the Legislature. None of the money
will be expended for the . payment of
scientists, for the Department of Agri
culture and the University of California
¦will furnish scientific advice and as
sistance without cost to the State. The
executive committee will meet and or
ganize next week.
State Board of Trade Fills
Executive Committee and
Great Work Is to Begin
ARE TO SEEK
BETTER WHEAT
G. S. Holmes, manager of the Knuts
ford Hotel of Salt Lake City and until
recently lessee of the Hotel Angelus
of Los Angeles, and Frank Knox.
president of the First National Bank
of Salt Lake, arrived here yesterday.
Their presence here is said to be In
connection with Holmes' negotiations
for a lease of the Hotel St. Francis.
Among the notables who arrived at
the Palace yesterday was Count Nlla
Bonde of Stockholm. Sweden. He ia
a member of one of the oldest fam
ilies in Sweden, whose title date* back
to the early centuries. The Count ia
accompanied by W. A. von Gebst and
Chris Holllngworth N wealthy residents
6f Gothenburg, Sweden. The party is
making a tour of the United States.
will be filled by B. F. Mann, a recent
arrival from the East.
Hervey Lindley, who is interested in
timber lands in Northern California
and is president of the Klammathon
Railroad, is registered at the Palace.
"William Painter of Baltimore, who
made a fortune ln the manufacture of
the simple little stopper for beer bot
tles, is registered at the St. Francis.
With the members of his family he is
making a tour of the West. .. "•
Joseph de la Fontaine, for a number
of years chief clerk of the Grand, has
resigned his position, which Is to be
tilled hereafter by Frank Burnett, at
present room clerk in the well known
hostelry. As a result of . the change,
Edward Rich, the popular night clerk,
is to be given the position of day room
clerk and his place on the night shift
rived from the East last night and are
registered at the Palace.
W. H. Bancroft, the new acting
general manager of the Southern Pa
cific, has taken apartments at the St.
Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Van der Hover of
Transvaal, South Africa, who are mak
ing a tour of this country, are register
ed at the Palace.
James M. Townsend and Brainard
A very, members of the New York law
firm of Townsend, Avery & Button, ar-
S. W. Wible of Bakersfield. who is
interested in mining in Alaska, is at
the Lick. • v
H. 'Malloch, manager of the Marys
vllle woolen mills, is staying at the
Grand.- ..
P. C. Drescher, a well known mer
chant of Sacramento, Is at the St.
Francis.
Survey, are registered at the Occiden
tal. .
Teachers' certificates were granted to
Miss J. M. Mullins, Mrs. Mabel Kellar,
Emma MacGowan, J. M. Hopkins, B.
K. Newman. N. B. Gould, Mrs. Natalie
Davis, Maud Jones, A. L. Jordan,
Mary Fltzgibbon. Rosalind Kottinger,
Dorothy Moran, Mrs. J. Kennedy, Mrs.
F. L. Quinlan and Julia Miles.
The Board of Education, at its meet
ing yesterday, received a communica
tion from Principal Bush of the Poly
technic High School in which the lat
ter recommends that the college pre
paratory course in that school be
increased from three to four years.
Acting Superintendent of Schools Ma
curda Joined in the recommendation,
and the board was disposed to adopt a
resolution forthwith providing for a
four-year course, but it was deemed
advisable to postpone formal action
until the next regular meeting.
In making his recommendation. Bush
said the engineering colleges had raised
the standard of their requirements for
admission and that it was impossible
for pupils to prepare themselves prop
erly in a three-year course. Their
powers were being overtaxed at the
present time and they could not ac
complish the work required to gain
the necessary qualifications for admis
sion to the higher colleges. The Poly
technic is the only high school in the
State that has the three-vear course.
Bush also recommended that the me
chanical art course remain at the pres
ent limit of three years.
Thomas F. Dolan was removed from
his position as Janitor of the Lowell
High School and Thomas W. Pierce
was appointed to the vacancy.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Misses Louise McDermott, May Ar
nold and Mary Patterson-
Geese are plentiful at the present time
and large flocks are occupying the shal
low ponds alor.i? Sherman Island. If you
want to ko to Sherman Island with your
pun ask the Santa Fe at 641 Market
street about the Blumenberg launches
from Antioch. •
Wild Geese Plentiful.
Board of Education Favors
Increase of Time in the
Polytechnic High School
PRETORIA. Nov. 10. — The Dutch
news jin per Londenvolk announces
that Kir.R Edward, through the local
authorities, has expressed the desire
that royal salutes be fired on the ar
rival of the late President Kruger's
body at Cape Town and Pretoria and
that minute jfun? be fired during the
procession to the grave.
PLAN A LONGER
TERM OF STDDY
KXGLISU GUXS WILL BOOM
IX HONOR OF OOM PAUL
If. Instead of advocating a return to tha
pernlclouii Indian system of burning, the citi
zens of the State' would work for a stronger
sentiment against fires, use their personal in
fluence In enforcing the laws, and aid ln tha
application of the proposed Stats system of
flre protection, the forests of tha common
wealth would suffer less Injury, and serve
indefinitely as a water reservoir and source
of timber supply. E. A. STERLING.
In connection with active lumbering opera
tions the use of flre in disposing of the tops.
limb? and general debris left after logging
Is strongly recommended, provided that such
burning Is done at the proper time of year
and under careful supervision. Such slash
burning Is now being carried on In repre
sentative regions of the State, under the di
rection of the Bureau of Forestry, and the
results are expected to show the cost and best
method of such a procedure. After the slash
1* burned the ground Is ln the beat possible
condition for forest regeneration, and by rigid
exclusion of flre. after the one clearlng-up
fire, a future forest growth on cut-over lands
Is In most cases r.ssured.
While the use of flre to 'prevent flre Is in
certain cases advisable, as . in the Instances
cited above, to permit or advocate such a sys
tem throughout the State, save in the »ya
trmatlc disposal of debris left after lumbering,
would be most unwise. If ground fires are
permitted to run through the forests at/fre
quent intervals, the ultimate result will be a
decrepit, non-regenerating forest, broken by
large areas of worthless chaparral, a condi
tion which the most Intensive forest manage
ment could never fully correct.
That there are times and places when care
ful burning of the unlumbered forest Is advis
able is unquestioned, yet this holds only limited
areas and under peculiarly favorable condi
tions, which are far from general. It may b«
quite the proper practice en small holdings,
where the forest is reserved as a park or' hunt
ing gound, to burn the brush and young
growth. On tracts where forestry is made a
plaything and not put en a strict commercial
basis, by clearing away from clumps of young
growth and the basea of mature trees, and by
exercising the utmost care, the forest floor
may be burned over without serious results. A
more practical use of fire, if conditions Justified
the expense, would be to burn the brush ln
pure chaparral areas, or ln the open forest, in
order to prepare the ground for the reception of
tree seeds. After one auch burning flre should
be rigorously excluded. Along certain roads
and trails and around buildings flre lines can
f ometimeg be I burned to advantage, but the
greatest care and Judgment are always neces
sary. Under the conditions existing through
out the great commercial forests of the State
general firing of the debris and .undergrowth
Is not only unsafe and entirely unnecessary,
but positively harmful.
SHOULD IJURN RUBBISH.
To burn the thickets of worthless brush,
which are largely -the result .of Indian fire*
which killed the timber and opened up the for
tst. is of no advantage, and is« only a tempo
rary relief from the flre danger, as the bruali
Immediately sprouts again. Moreover, If fires
are kept out the forest will eventually reclaim
most of the chaparral areas. If firing cf- the
bruzh and young growth la pernlsted In noth
ing but bru.-h will remain. A dense forest pre
cludes brushy undergrowth, while repeated fires
gradually open up the forest, encourage brush
and kill coniferous reproduction. If California
is to have future foreatx this young tree growth
must be preserved. The accumulation of. duff
and general debris which results from flre ex
emption reaches only a certain depth, the bal
ance being maintained by the natural decay.
In regions where water conservation is an Im
portant function of the forest, the ground fires
work further injury by reducing the water re
taining power of the forest floor and exposing
the noil to leaching and erosion.
Repeated burning eventually leaves the forest
floor entirely bare and gradually reduces the
density cf the mature stand. The result is that
a park effect Is produced, and the future forest
which might be secured by applying forestry
principles in connection with the utilization of
the mature timber Is prevented or long delayed.
The younjr growth which follows when flre» are
excluded is net r.s serious a fire menace as is
supposed, and soon passes beyond the danger
ous rtage. The argument Is advanced that light
fires do not kill young growth. If so light a«
to kill nothing, they fall to accomplish the pur
pose for which they are Intended. If «»evere
enough to burn the duff and debris, they will
kill the young treen. The fact is that the ma
jority of people do not see a young pine nor
recognize its potential value until it is several
feet high, hence the argument that none are
killed.
YOUXG GROWTH KILLED.
The method which these people advocate is
a return to the custom followed by the In
dians, who ln earlier times burned over the
forest floor periodically to make traveling eas
ier and drive out game. The arguments ad
vanced are that the Indian, by his burning,
left us the forests, and that if they are not
burned over frequently debris and brush accu
mulate to such extent that the accidental nres
which may occur will destroy the entire for
est. The fact is that we have the forests de
spite the Indian fires, and that they would be
finer and denser and less scarred and broken
had these early fires not occurred. The large
areas of brush and the burned out basea of
many of the finest trees throughout the Sier
ras reveal what the Indian fires have done.
Statistics, collected ln Tehama County, show
that there is a direct loss to lumbermen of
over 5 per cent through the burned out butt
loes of mature trees, and this does not take
into account the many trees burned down and
lost entirely. Every ground fire adds to this
dama.e to mature timber and kills the young
growth, so that eventually nothing remains
save brush, which survives through Its ca
pacity to 5?rout from the root.
The Federal Bureau of Forestry during the
last year baa been making a special study of
forest fires ln California, this work belnj part
of the co-operative forest Investigations Inaug
urated by the Stato and B'ederal Government.
Ihe purpose of the fire Investigations is to de
termine the causes of forest fires, the best
methods of preventing and extinguishing them,
and to ascertain the attitude of the people to
ward the forest fire problem. In general, the
sentiment revealed Is one opposed to fire, yet
In certain quarters there exists an unfortunate
attitude favoring a general burning over of the
forest every few years, resulting from a mis
conception as to the best methods of fire pre
vention and of the ultimate aim and object
of forest preservation. This view Is held
mainly by people who urge the preservation of
the lorestg, and not only by those who see the
fcrests from the campers' ! viewpoint a few
weeks each year, but by the so-called prac
tical men who live In or near the forest belt.
The following communication on for
est fires gives many* interesting facts
concerning that important subject:
Fallacy of the Indian Idea
of Burning Out Under
brush Shown; by Experts
CONDEMN OLD METHODS
Bureau of Forestry Looks
Into the Causes of the
Destruction of Big Trees
TIMBER FIRES
ARE DISCUSSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER. 11, 1904.
7
PRAGERS
Friday Surprise No. 1 8
Prices for To- Day Only.
Th , E ,I"y Y eA attendance at these Friday Surprise Sales grows larger.
on ?£!« 11 seasonable goods are always Included, and the prices are lower
«* Particular day than at any other time. This sale is an attraction
b^ <2*sTppo7nted PPCr t0 parUci D ate in - The values are here; you cannot
fi $600Smoking$^ QA
/^--^R. Jackets c** *^
1 ''*' VT& f\ Thi!l is th<? flr?t Fr 'day offering: w« have made in
..? •¦ f >i<Jfr\ our Men's Clothing Department but is one that
•¦I i • .7 jaf\-\ " wil1 long *** remembered as the greatest value
JX y ¦- *1 *' ver Presented. These Jackets come In twenty-
'". » \'?2H^* three dirrprent styles; the colors are blue, brown.
: . *7 •ftTWi; Oxford, gray, tans ln light and dark shades, wine
i? / : /A.Virf/ color, garnet and black. They are made of all-
«*« [ Jttfi*^*/ WDo1 G 011 Cloth and fancy Black Covert, with
SfcF *^ U' *K plai<1 Unln P- collars, cuffs and pocket?: ft* . «,>.
Yt 1 they are finished with cloth and silk W" A II V
VT-TiNryf ( I cloth edKe to insure their durability. Jill. *IA
\- ':fl*/f I / An^ * 6 0° Coat In the house Friday f\)^*/\J
Cashmere 1 lc Yard | 10c Men's Sox 5c a Pair
(Main Floor) (Main Floor)
Here !s a 40-inch Cream Cashmere To-day we will sell all of our regu-
that Is by far the best value to b« lar 1Oc Sox at one-half price.
>,o/i <„ <!»., r Mn/1 ..^ -.,.,;:- They come in Black and Tan and
had in anj San Francisco store. have double heels and toeR . they
There are only about 4000 yards are seamless; of medium weight
ln the lot — just enough to j and strictly fast dye. Be- «.
last Friday. It is a wash- I D n cause of the low price we L r,
able material and wears 111 will not sell mote than 12 ril^
unusually well. For Frl- 11W pairs to each customer. t/V
day the price is, a yard. . Our price
Special in Street Hats $1.00 High Power Gas
(Second Floor) Laiims55c /^K
>\ e have made immense reduc- . (Third Floor) / \
tions in the price of all of our This Lamp complete / \
$ 2 . 5 o and $3.00 street hats. £ e "^SSSilfc I ,/
There are only a few of each *°<"* value. It is V J
... , something that can \^jmr
style, bat there are twenty-four always be used. /h r»Ta
different style,. We intend to SaU'S^lriirb. 0 !
clear out the entire line. Among great bargain \nfSY
T - , r- ., temptation. It is a foTjT
them are hrench Sailors | Lindsay high can- \h&
trimmed with velvet and silk; ££ S°^ltS"STi H
hand-made turbans: some of mantle and an im- \»
#".r- "':« r /-i- mi ii ported opal globe. ' 0
felt, others of Chenille, all it is one of the _ _
nicely trimmed; flaring shapes; Kt'uSf^"^^ S Sf
close-fitting tur- _ _ regularly at $1.00. t/t/V
bans. Our price (^I CA w S%ffi^ m P p rl « til, sell Wizard
for the Friday fill •111 Loop Mantles that have a single
c . _ , y*»v v stitch and a wire hook support.
Surprise bale Worth 15c. Friday Surprise- lQc
Specials in Groceries and Liquors for To-Day Only
(Fourth Floor)
Butter — Our choice Firkin Creamery Cheese — McLaren's Best Canadian
Butter to-day, per lb ....21c Cheese — lb loc
Coffee— Our reliable Hawaiian Kona Wines— Five-year-old Port or Sher-
Coffee — lb 1 «» c Ty.W lne. a gallon 5Sc
rmit^Peache*. Pears. Apricots. W^ 1 ,^ To«£ S ° n ' S Rye -" t^
Plum S -2H-lb. tins-Stins for.. whlskey-^elmoni-Spring" of" 1900
-«» c —a gallon ftit.OO
2S3a.cc Meat — "None Such" — 3 pack- Xnmmel — Gilka — This is the genu-
ages '2Tie <ne imported — a bottle. . . . 81. OS
20th I AL+^ Stationery
Main Aisle, fg >MJVVkVVJi RELIABLE = °at
Packages \f MARKET&dONES 3TS\ B
y* 09 =^^=j=i=: Note, packet
lOl* * C I Al* the Shopping Inducements That Have I Bi"es: ni'ed
*v«*,., ,->-,.. Made This Stori Popular Are Stilt Here |
FREE - FREE FREE
WITK
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
Your Choice of
A CLEAVER
—Or—
AN EMERY STEEL.
Both desirable articles \ and un-
usually big values. -
Free With. .Every Small Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small Ad. Page for Further
Particulars.
APVEKTISI-aiEXTS.
CASTOR I A
Fox Infants and Children.
rhe Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^j V/tf/Z'T**^*
&ig-aat«ro cf 6^-^V%5^/
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montrcmerr Street.
Cspitzl paid op % 600,000
LiridEDds \ aid to depositors . 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LEGALLET. Vlce-PreiWent.
LEON liOCQUEKAZ. Secretary-
JOHN GIXTT. A»st. Secretary.
DIBZCTOS8:
Dr. E. Artlrues, Chat. Carpy. Leon KinSmtn,
O. Borlo. J. B. Clot. A. Root.
Leon Bocqutr&z. J. M. Dupas, A. Ler&llet.
J. A. Rprrerot. J. S. Godeau. J. J. Mack.
Interest paid en deposits. Loans madt on
Real Ertate and approved securities.
Always Remember Cbe FaUMfme
g axative Rromo Qmnine
CurciaColdmOneD«y,Cnpin2Days
J& P2£ £f on«v«ry
PDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BA-
DliUOnJuO kPrs > bootblacks, bath.
bevsee. bl!l!ard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, caanera.
lyera. £our n;:.l*. loundrle*. laundries, paper-
BTlCf. printers, painters, shoe factorlaa,
¦tatlemcn. tar-roofers tanners, tailors, eta
BUCHAXAV BROS,
Eruth Manafactnreri. 603 S*crameato St,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1AKA BITTERS. THK
Great Mexican Remedy; elve» health and
»irenctn to texua! nr^ans. Deprt. 321 Market-
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rEESH AKT) SALT MEATS.
: AC |'(;\ \\ K Ci\ SnSPP'B* Butchers. 108
« AZ. LU I CD tt Ul. cuy. TeL Malnl^?
LEAKY EOOrS ABT> SKTLiaiTTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
1KC-1178 Mission ft. Phone Main &461.
y oels.
L.CERICATIXO OILS: LEONARD * ELLIS.
•MS Front •«.. S. F. Phone Mala 1719.
7SZSTTZVO.
E.CHHUGES, . m»S2Ktcr.
-¦ l - l .-u-. l^ w^r.. J u- l^ „ '¦n W i-u_uu : "^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
I '^¦Jl— "s f> and You'll Save Money. J, J« GILDEA CO, The Big New Store With Littla Prices |
m\m^^kkf bH^F B sh g^l&0 m^B^B w^Bml JSf J^^^S&&&*na$%£fj&f&£sEE3^^^^^^^^^^ %sc^ v
0 Kfl[ mHBES BScKrwfilnW^y AHvS wB BBh^ Su tssSSs &&)&& Sw^m &2\ w GtkJoa *£8( •
• AS WE ARE AFTER THE VENDORS OF SHODDY CLOTHING^AND OF HIGH •
0 PRICES WITH, A "SHARP STICK" WE SHALL PLACE ON SALE: • o v^r niun
1 Tn finu nnr! Oofni-rf«w OVERl50oMEN ' SLATESTYLESUITSAND d^^- s
S lUUdwdllliwdlllllldV OVERCOATS - E^h and every one this sea- •
• ' * * son's creation— Cut by artists of high repute and o4^l«L •
• fashioned by America's foremost Union Tailors from splendid wearing: and most stylish fabrics o
• in all the newest weaves and colorings decreed by Dame Fashion . /] - V^r i £¦ •
• for this season's wear. Such splendid garments are sold NO- . g p '.. 'f- : \ ¦ .'. '¦: , kj^:-. '~ ?M •
g WHERE for less than $13-50 to $1500— but to crowd our Men's tfj © I Jp "- ; ' '• ' i •
© Clothing Department to-day and to-morrow with a multitude of %$3 }& 9 J^^'^ '%¦ -. ', •• 3**^*. tp d
delighted patrons our price for your unrestricted choice and pick || vk w 9 '^^mfe^i^*' ¦*, •
• of these gems of fashion will be SO LOW as to charm dollars Jg | l^Ml^L^^^^^ •
g from the most reluctant purse, to wit— TEN DOLLARS. | p
« VJnfo f To-day we particularly call the attention of fine dressers who have been in the habit of Jisi^i I ¦ "^-'^ O
• ' ' paying their tailors Exorbitant Prices to our Superior Grade of MEN'S WINTER jllP^vi -f - ~ *?- S
0 SUITS AND OVERCOATS, cut to fit men of all shapes, sizes and proportions to perfection. IM' y^ s - : '-K' ' . ' ' $r /' ] |\ . #
! • These garments were constructed by the Best Merchant Tailors' Workmen during the dull months nff * ~*' r |fr\
• and equal those made to measure for double and treble Illp^i :^:^ :; &?£0t^i^pi ' ¦- #
S our low prices. Call and see those we are now selling at $10 C(| C"1 C $17 Cf] ('Qfl MBM WSiz0m\ Z
% the rn.rvelou.ly low prices of *J>ICnJU| l|)IJ| «|)llnJUl (])LU Kj^^^ffl •
9 n a I *m f\ i mews eeotj- men's keou- men's beott- *r^^ **"*'¥$*% O
9 Ufa An'^ iBTIIflOni* f\ I rt I>AS S3 - 50 PANTS - 1AE S4^O PANTS. LAE 36.50 BBESS jt&tt&r %WJ O
® Iff IK I N 1 llHloNrSI Bin IK ln st - vlish stripes ln natty cheviot-. PANTS, In rich /B*5&^ ' kg3 O
® IVIUII U B I UUUUI VrtllU and checks, now and worsteds .stripe worsteds. LjOI O
2 NOW IN PROGRESS :;;;;; S2.0U ««^ $3.50 S5.U0 W0 J
e -=——"-«" ¦ I I III ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I MPIIIIII I •
• TIlP I Qf OrpO't' display of Boys' all-new Clothing in MPflf V fill f ere new g°°ds are not only to be •
% l-gi&POl this State> at positively the Lowest _ IflfllH I »U ¦ found w i t hin the show windows, but •
© Prices ever named for such Excellent Qualities and p^H^p^T** our mammotn new building is filled from basement #
J pretty styles, is the magnet that fills our Boys' store ' •B-jujrjL^ to roof with the Latest Buds of Fashion, all marked §
O with enthusiastic buyers. TT^^Sn at the lowcst P riccs ever <l uot * d for such sterling qual- •
S BOYS' ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED CHEVIOT Xj&%mife x * ;h« 2
© AND CASSIMERE SUITS— Ages 4 to 16, in Double fwmm* ' •
1 © Breasted, Twp-Piece and Sailor styles ; they are well 1 lfa^M*f ', BOYS' TOP COATS AND REEFERS— Hand- %
l J trimmed, very serviceable and worth Q q q r .tS^^#? j some , swe ll garments in Short Top Coats and regula- g
;Z $4.00, but to "rattle' the high pricers \J ft T £^Pl£bv3ZJ\ -ori • u j I 2
i S our price will be onlv O£ I 0 J MgmMW tlo ?, Rcefer s }y les > lth . nd ™ ihout 0 C f| fl S
| 2 LITTLE GENTS' NOVELTY SUITS-Made of IMffii \' 1 embl ? m f on !, leev f ; nch ™ de cov " 0 0 I U U %
% handsome Blue, Cardinal and Wood Browns, All- |fllt§f# "t cloths. Regular $7 qualities' at. . g
jj Wool serges in Sailor Blouses, also Russian. Coat "" TW^S^ vottmi- tuttm'c cttttc a e r, +~ y n - „ 5
3 Suits, DoSble-Breasted Blouses and Sailor Norfolks, &] JH YOUNG MEN S SUITS— Ages 14 to 19 years— o
• artistically trimmed with hand-embroidered emblems Constructed of durable All- Wool Black Cheviots, o
O on sleeves and shields. To fit children 3 to 9 years Every suit made for this fall and winter's wear, cut %
J old. These pretty suits will cost Ar AA l||^^* in style, and to fit, give splendid ser- ftp pn •
• you fully $8 on Kearny street. Here _ \ H I] II vice and worth fully $8.50. Our price, \ n H I %
• only wwiwv the lowest ever named WWiWW j
J" I I '(PiMaa f*£% 1028-1030 MARKET ST. |
• -.•!.• \^IWK3Cl \^V® BETWEEN POWELL and MASON STS. I
J^5iSS!HSiSI5: ~~~
43$-' Five Genuine Specials
FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY ONLY.
/^\§jS&?\ Nowhere Else Can You Buy the Newest and Best* for So Little Money.
SI J \ Hll\ The s P lendid increase of business that has come to us this fall is the naturtl
r*/j\ vi\ '*f4 "suit of the splendid values we have given, are giving and will continue to give.
jffl'. $ 12.50 Suits for $7.50
I^T Excellent all-wool fabrics— plain colors and mixtures. Cute little Eton and
~JL/ t . blouse jackets. Graceful hanging skirts.
//V I $22.50 Suits for $15.00 $30.00 Suits for $22.50
ffj) \\ Tourist style. Mixed fabrics. Long Covert cloth. Satin lined 24-inch
./Iff'* - \\ box coat with belt— smartly pleated coat— handsomely pleated and stitch-
/II V \ and lined with satin. Box pleated ed. Pleated skirt — instep length.
'//I •' Vjk' Skir i^c^e. ,' : W,r. $35.00 Suits for $25.00 j
// if 1 \ *\fe^ $25.00 Suits for SI 7.50 Hard finished, "mannish" suitings in
HK^f fi ' JjR?^ ' .Blue or black cheviot. Blouse with all the swelr new mixtures. 24-inch if
.SK^-riS <±r *y* / ' r girdle belt — trimmed with green cord coat with belt — fetchingly strapped
™* ln^8fcf**r * and gold braid. Pleated skirt. . . and trimmed. Instep length skirt.
Our im\\ Mr 3k fB WuJr^^ - ~^"» <*fffif?« 1 B 1 Bi^3 v^ *^ * ttsr r> OurTownsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market St.*
HOLIDAYS-E. E. and others. City.
This department has on a number of
occasions announced that there are no
national holidays In the United States,
Labor day. Thanksgiving day, New
Year s. etc., are declared to be "legal."
££ Ot natlonal " holidays. The only
law Congress passed in regard to La
bor day was published in this depart
ment October 31 of this yean '¦¦
Ancient Fires.
Not all the sacred fires of India have
been extinguished. The most ancient
still existing was \consecrated " twelve
centuries ago in commemoration of the
voyage made by the Parsees when they
emigrated from Persia to India. This
fire is fed five times every two hours
with sandalwood and other fragrant
materials, combined with very dry fuel.
C A R D M A C HI N E S-Subscriber.
City. Whether a saloon-keeper will ac
cept checks Issued by himself fop
drinks In place of money to use In a
card machine, depends upon the rules
of the house. There Is no law govern
ing such matters.
DISTANCES-F. A. P.. City. The
distance from San Mateo to La Honda
same county, by the most direct route
Is nine miles to Redwood City thence
eighteen miles by stage. The distance
from San Mateo to Halfznoon Bay is
fifteen miles by stage.
DAIRY NUMBER-A. G., Petaluma
Cal. For the publication which you
call the "Dairy Number," address a let
ter of inquiry to the California Pro
motion Committee, 25 New Montgom
ery street, San Francisco, Cal.
TICKETS— W. W.. Los Angeles. Cal.
This department does not advertise the
business of any ticket seller.
in an affair of the heart must be no
more obviously eager than are con
ventional invitations of social life,
which may be accepted or declined
without prejudice on either side. Up to
the moment of her engagement she is
practically, in the position of a hostess.
If a guest prefers to leave early, it is
her place tp let him go at his pleasure,
however much she may regret the
brevity of their companionship. Her
cordiality should suggest, but not over
state, that he is welcome in her draw
ing-room." •, ¦ 7 . •
Too great warmth of manner on a
girl's part will, blight a man's budding
fancy for" her < as surely as will a sud
den frost. Recently I saw a pretty
romance spoiled by a girl's conspicu
ous anxiety to please a man who was
paying her marked attentions. She
changed her* style of halrdressing to
suit the feminine Ideal , which he had
publicly expressed; and- thereby made
them both .appear so ridiculous In the
eyes of their light-minded acquaint
ances that his self-love was hurt, In
stead of flattered, as she had intended.
A male character in one of Landor's
"Imaginary Conversations" declares:
"When a. woman hath ceased to be
quite the same to us, it matters little
how different she becomes." This
voices accurately, though heartlessly,
the masculine attitude toward femi
ninity.. It carries the same sentiment
as that old . English song, of which
JERSEY CITY— B. IL, City. Jersey
City, N. J., is not a part of Greater
New York.
Corn Muffins. — Sift one cup of corn
meal, one cup of flour, one-half cup
of sugar and two level teaspoonfuls of
baking powder. Mix with one cup of
milk, two beaten eggs and three table
spoons of melted butter.
Apple Ginger.— Two pounds each of
chopped apples and sugar, one pint
water, one-half ounce green ginger or
white ginger root, grated rind of two
lemons. Cook slowly for three or four
hours or until clear like Jelly.
Buttermilk Cake. — One cup sugar,
one-half cup butter, one cup butter
milk, one egg, two cups flour, one-half
teaspoon soda, one teaspoon baking
powder sifted with flour, one-half cup
raisins, one-half cup currants, one
half teaspoon cinnamon, one-fourth
teaspoon each of cloves and nutmeg.
A simple but very "tasty" fruit cake.
ANSWERS.
HOME COOKERY
George Eliot makes such effective use
in one of the love scenes of "The Mill
on the Floss." Thus runs the well
known refrain:
"If she be not fair to me
What care I how fair she be?"
If a man tires of a woman, and he is
not bound to her by ties closer than
those of professed friendship, there is
not one chance in a hundred that she
can"\win him back to hla former devo
tion. That chapter of his emotional
experience is over. The book Is put
away upon the shelf, not to be opened
again, except as inspiration for some
bachelor reverie of a future time. Of
course when there is a genuine bond
between a couple, an engagement, or
marriage, the situation Is not so hope- 1
'less.. You all remember Kipling's
story of the wise wife who neatly won
her husband from his allegiance to a
conscienceless flrt by flirting with him
a little herself.
But in any case there is no use repin
ing. Cui bono? As the French pro
verb' says: "It is loving too much to
die of love." And rare indeed is the
man or woman who cannot fall In love
a second time, having once learned
how.
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE.
MR. BRYAN is out with the declaration of his purpose to reor
ganize the Democratic party. To an observer it seems to
need undertaker more than a reorganizer. It is plainly
evident that several hundred thousand voters, who have heretofore
been Democrats, last Tuesday found that the Republican party more
nearly expressed their views than any other and gave it their votes.
Another large element found that the Socialist, Debs, represented
their ideas and voted for him, while still others discovered their
representative in Mr. Watson, the Populist. This left to Judge
Parker those who vote a certain ticket from habit. Just how these
incoherent quantities are to be reorganized in a homogeneous body
for the practical uses of government is not plain.
One thing is plain, however : Messrs. Bryan, Hearst and Watson
propose to get together on strictly socialist lines and start a leveling
propaganda that will attract all of the growing forces of socialism.
Into such a movement Populism exactly fits. They may call it a
Democratic party for the purpose of attracting the men who followed
a party name and voted for Judge Parker, but it will be the fused
snd fiery Radicalism of the country, attractive to long-haired men and
short-haired women, and to all those whose eyes roll while they
dream of an even division of the world's wealth. To this complexion
politics in this country is sure to come at last. The Southern Euro
pean immigration that is pouring into the country is largely social
istic. These imported dreamers are not allowed to subvert govern
ment in their own country and find this an inviting field.
We admit that there is a great temptation to politicians of the
Hearst and Bryan sort to patch up a revolutionary programme that
will enlist these alien* socialists under their banner, and that is what
thej r mean when they talk of reorganizing the Democratic party.
RAW FOOD BABIES.
to me characteristically femi
nine. In general terms, it is the ad
visability of trying to win back an ad
mirer who has raised false hopes in
a girl's mind, only to leave them
trembling there, ill-balanced, upon the
pinnacle of womanly pride.
The communications which I have
received on this subject run the gamut
from simplicity to sophistication; but
all of them are eloquent of woman's
status In a world of' men. Sovereign
though she may consider herself, by
virtue of the right whicn the courtesy
of the centuries has bestowed upon her,
her royal happiness is. mainly depen
dent upon the will of her recognized
subject, man.
For in love, that experience in life
which matters most to her, a woman
must wait to be chosen — the 29th of
February notwithstanding. This is a
time-honored custom, and one ap
proved by Mme. Grundy, who is, on the
whole, a sensible old dame, even if
occasionally testy. A girl's advances
Or the many problems of the
heart offered to me by friends
and correspondents for solu
tion, there is one which seems
These are only a few helpful hints for the household column of
the "Back to Nature" journal of physical culture. The hope that
?Jiey will possibly prove suggestive is, we believe, not misplaced."
The hundred odd mothers in New York who have been raising
their babies upon a nature system might take some pointers from
this French scientist. In giving the baby his portion of chopped
feed every morning, why not serve it in a trough and encourage the
youngster to forage for it wi^h his nose? A swinging perch at night,
instead of the antiquated trundle bed^ would serve to engender in the
raw food baby a "delicate poise of body -and quickness of intuitive
action.
NEWS reports from New York give detailed account of a recent
meeting there of one hundred and fifty "raw food babies." It
seems that the little ones, who were brought together by
doting mothers to celebrate the birthday of one of their number,
spent the afternoon pleasantly in feats of strength with barbells and
iron weights, and were then regaled upon raw carrots, uncooked
wheat and cider. The affair was an eminent success from the view
point of the fond mammas.
This incident recalls the famous story of the: French savant who
raised stray waifs on a nature system in the secluded wood of his
chateau. The babies were turned loose in a caged aviary, allowed
to feed themslves and scratch themselves at will, and given every
inducement to use their prehensile toes upon the branches of the
trees in the true simian manner of our arboreal ancestors. This was
a great scientific experiment in the induction of a. reversion to type
and the French savant expostulated vigorously, when the authorities
discovered his tribe of wild children and put a stop to the reversal
process. \
SHOULD A GIRL SEEK TO REGAIN
DEVOTION OF A RECREANT LOVER?
(Copyright, 1904, by Troy Allison.)
BRYAN'S PROGRAMME.
afterward under the stimulus of an
unusual excitement. He had really
been curious to see the second one.
He had a hazy recollection of an
adage that the second step in wrong
doing had won renown as being less
difficult than the first. He felt posi
tive symptoms of pleasure in answer
ing the second letter.
He knew that the dignity of his
position would fall flatter than the
Western Roman Empire if the girls
in his class once got an Inkling that
he was a factor In an anonymous cor
respondence. Nevertheless, he grew
more absentminded every day, and
every day his curiosity Increased, this
pedant of thirty-five who had, all his
life, refused to take an atom of in
terest in any woman.
So the girls" nudged \each other and
giggled as much as they deemed it
permissible for members of the senior
class to giggle and little, fair-haired
Ruth Payne read her Greek, hopeless
ly involving all parts of speech.
He was walking on the college cam
pus one afternoon, meditating with
much satisfaction on the fact that he
had at last gathered courage to beg
his anonymous friend to disclose her
identity and let him call the next time
he went to the city. The professor
was a shy man and had found it re
quired all the nerve he possessed to
make this request. He was thinking
it could not be many days before he
received an answer, when he noticed
Ruth Payne walking in front of him,
poring over a book in the n.anner of a
schoolgirl 4^ho goes up for examina
tion the next day. '
A tiny green snake ran across the
path and the professor caught the
girl in his arms as she screamed and
reeled toward him.
While he stood gazing helplessly at
her white face, other girls rushed to
his assistance. '. "A* ,"¦
"It was an awful snake!" Ruth
gasped when she opened her eyes.
After the girls had taken -her to
the house, he picked up the Greek
Syntax she had dropped in her
fright.
A sealed letter, ready for mailing,
dropped out. The address was plain
ly "Prof. R. G. Claxton," and the
Was It possible that this pretty
child had written such let
ters?
WE print a communication on forest preservation from Mr.
Sterling of the Bureau of Forestry upon the subject of the
economic use of fire on the forest floor as a means of pre
venting general and destructive conflagration. The Call has ire
quently referred to this subject and perhaps has been misunderstood.
Referring to the Indian method, we have explained it as heretofore
put before the National Forestry Congress by Joaquin Miller and
others, who were observers of the method pursued by the primitive
tribes.
They never permitted a general forest fire. They applied fire
to the dry spots as they appeared, thus clearing small areas at a
time and making a general fire impossible. We have presented it
conservatively as a means of clearing 'the dangerous duff which,
especially in our dry season, is a menace to the forest. We think
there is no difficulty in reconciling the views of Mr. Sterling with
this conservative use of fire. Surely all agree with him that if fire
can be entirely excluded from the forest one reason for laying bare
the soil of the forest entirely disappears.
But there is another duff problem besides fire. When the
accumulation exceeds a foot, and there are places in the forest where
it is more than three feet, forest reproduction is as completely de
stroyed as it is by fire. The tree seeds, and especially the seeds of
the conifers, fall into the dry duff and fail to germinate. Travelers
in the mountains will see everywhere in the pine forest great areas
where the ground is thickly covered with pine needles and is per
fectly clear of any undergrowth and entirely lacking young conifers.
Yet such areas have not been touched by fire. The seeds have fallen
into a barren matrix and failed to germinate. Now we suppose the
foresters will admit that under such circumstances one prudent and
guarded burning of the forest floor is necessary to the reproduction
of trees.
We desire to most cordially welcome and approve the work done
by Mr. Sterling and his colleagues of the Forestry Bureau in behalf
of the forests of California and to secure protective legislation. We
agree with him that proper burning of all lumber slashings should
be made compulsory and should be effected under expert supervision.
It is not necessary to go further at present in legal provision for the
preservative use of fire. What we want is State legislation that will
supplement the work proposed in the Federal forests of the State
on the national reservations and throw complete police protection
over all of our forests. When this is done the use of approved means
for their protection and reproduction will follow of necessity. We
assure the foresters that there is no set opinion nor inflexible plan
entertained by any one here in opposition to their views or that
will interfere to retard proper legislation.
This State has terribly defaulted in its duty to the forests. We
are without legal regulation entirely. That lack has come to'be a
terrible matter, of course, and the commonwealth stands helpless in
the presence of the most awful destruction of its forests. An acre
of forest ground exposed to erosion and robbed of its power to con
serve moisture in due time means an acre in the valleys robbed of
its fertility and made barren. It means floods so much greater than
an}' we now know that all the resources of engineering and the reve
nues of an empire will fail to control them. Then those two useful
servants of man and economic agents of his welfare, fire and water,
will be changed into elements of his destruction. -^
The issue is too serious to permit the waste of time discussing
what the Indians did or omitted. If there is anything of value in
their primitive foresting it will be adopted in the whole scheme of
preservation, but it must be prbved of value first. Meantime there
is quite enough that is known beyond controversy to furnish material
for legislation, and every citizen of the State should feel charged
with urging the passage of a statute at the coming session.
Mrs. A. W. Bacon and Miss Alice
Bacon are the guests of Mrs. Drlscoll
in this city. They have been visiting
for some time at Mare Island, where
many affairs have been given In their
honor, and especially for Miss Bacon,
the chic and fascinating fiancee of
Tem Driscoll. ' '•
f Since arriving in San Francisco
many other events have been planned
for the bride, and recently a tea was
given by Miss Virginia Jolliffe.
It Is a unanimous sentiment among
those who have met Miss Bacon that
she is not merely charming but viva
cious, with wit that is both intelligent
and original. The rarity alone of
these traits makes them enviable.
Mrs. James Robinson and Miss
Elene Robinson gave a dinner last
evening to Miss Marjorie Josselyn.
Twelve young people were asked
and with informality the keynote there
was pleasure unbounded and absolute.
The housewarming given yesterday
by Miss Florence Smith and her
mother proved all that was expected.
The new home Is situated on Vallejo
street, near the Presidio, commanding
a view of the surrounding waters.
Besides the pleasure of congenial
gatherings there is much fun peeping
into rooms, new, fresh and constructed
for convenience and comfort.
By the way, housewarming Is be
coming: both prevalent and fashion
able, and, without a doubt, several
will be on the schedule for this winter.
Many callers honored the young
hostess yesterday and those who as
sisted in making pleasant the after
noon were Mrs. Hunter Harrison, Mrs.
Thomas Benton Darragh, Mrs. Ferdi
nand Stephenson, Mrs. Southworth,
Mrs. Addison Starr Keeler, Miss Ger
trude Palmer, Miss Lottie Woods, Miss
Grace Nicholls, Miss Elizabeth Rawles,
Miss Aimee Smith and Miss Florence
Smith. \ v-
A gathering of pretty maids, among
whom were some of the debutantes,
was seen yesterday at^the home of
Miss Maye Colburn. c •. -^
A luncheon served for a dozen was
an enjoyable affair. The table, ex
tremely bright with red carnations,
held, at each place, a name card upon
which v.as painted a dainty head.
Those in the party were Mrs. Henry
Foster Duttdn. Miss Irene Sabin, Miss
Elsa Draper, Miss Ursula Stone. Miss
Alice Sullivan, Miss Alice Borel, Miaa
Sophie Borel. Miss Elsie Tallant. Miss
Elizabeth Cole, Miss Bessie Wilson.
Miss Helen Bailey and Miss Maye Col
burn.
A luncheon for the season's debu
tantes was given yesterday by Mrs.
Louis Monteagle.
A dinner, given last evening in Oak
land, by Miss Anita Oliver and Roland
Oliver, was in honor of Miss Isabel
Kendall and Kenneth Lowden. Covers
were laid for sixteen and the assembly
of young people was both a brilliant
and congenial affair.
• * •
Mrs. Arthur Callaghan will return
to her home In Salt Lake on Saturday.
She has been visiting in San Francisco
with her family and friends for some
time and though many affairs have
given her friends opportunity for see
ing her, still there is a general regret
for the departure which is to come 8»
Mrs. Alfred Sutro Is entertaining her
father and mother, Mr. and Mrs. Myer
Newmark of Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Platt an
nounce the engagement of their adopt
ed daughter, Miss Burrow'-PIatt, to
Frank Victor Ferrer Baker, son of the
late Right Rev. Shirley Waldercnan
Baker, D.D.. LL.IX, M.D., late Pre
mier of Tonga. ;;:->»
The bride Is a granddaughter of the
late James Widup, of Chadwick
Hall, Lancashire, England.
• • ...: , • :
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Spieker and Miss
Georgia Splekei will leave for Europo
in January. In the meantime they ara
occupying apartments at the Palace,
having leased their Devlsadero street
home to Mr. and Mrs. Walsh of Ross
Valley.
• •> •
Luncheons, characterized by pleasant
Informality, are being planned by Mrs.
Frank Deertng. Tuesday, November
15, will see their inauguration.
FIRES AND FOREST GROWTH.
writing was in ¦' the familiar hand of
the anonymous lady.
He sat down limply on the nearest
Iron bench. There seemed something
awry with the universe. Was it pos
sible that this pretty child had written
such letters— a little blonde girl who
blushed furiously and stammered
every time she was spoken to In
class! ;/./.. -V;\v"O^v.
He opened the letter eagerly. Its
superscription gave him that privilege.
He noticed, too, that the girl's name,
written on the fly leaf of the Greek
Syntax, was identical with the writing
on the envelope. He,read on to learn
that he could call on her at the end of
the college year when he passed
through the city on his way home— 1
if he still cared to meet her.
The professor went to his room, his
thoughts in chaotic condition.
That night he followed her to the
corner of the veranda, where she sat
gazing abstractedly on the moon-lit
lawn.
"So I have met you," v he said quiet
ly. He sat down beside her and looked
at her intently. "And so — you — are —
the — woman," he added slowly.
She gave a frightened gasp and
looked at him with terror and shame
in her eyes.
"It was — awful of me — I know — It
was a dreadful thing for me to do,"
she turned away from him, and he
could see she was trembling with ner
vousness, s
"It has given me more pleasure than
anything that ever happened In my
whole life," he said simply.
She gave him one quick glance and
hurried Into self -justification.
"I have always been timid," she
said, in an intense whisper, "and I
was so mortified when I would get
nervous and fall in my recitations.
The minute you asked me a question,
every thought seemed to leave my
mind. I got more embarrassed each
day. I got desperate. I determined
you should know I was capable of
having a thought. That wild scheme
of writing you anonymous letters
came, and I — wrote them. I'm so —
ver y — sorry," and the professor heard
the sob in her voice.
He answered earnestly: "I'm glad —
I shall be eternally glad— if you tell
m« I need never give up those letters.
They have become part of my life."
The girl's eyes grew wide with
emotion. He gazed at her wonderingly,
trying to understand how he had failed
to recognize her before. Now she
seemed some one that had been in
his life forever. He had 'been lonely,
and he remembered that she herself
was an orphan, that after the close of
the term she would take up the bur
den of teaching.
"I — you mean that you want me
to keep on writing to you?" she asked
shyly.
"I mean that I want to teach you
hew to talk to me," he said, smiling.
"1 want to keep with me, forever, the
womanly companionship of my let
ters."
She gasped in astonishment. .
"But I thought you believed i me
stupid — I couldn't recite my Greek
to you decently to save my life."
' The professor ' looked into her
startled eyes and laid his hand on
hers. . ,
"I don't care if you couldn't tell
Greek from Chinese," he said solemn
ly^ deriding the hobby of years.
""But don't you think me a frivol
ous, doll-baby kind of a girl?" she
questioned timidly.
He leaned over and touched her fair
hair with all the reverence of a child
who had never before owned a golden
haired doll. t
"I think you are the sweetest thing
on God's earth," he said, pressing his
lips to her hand.
BY TROY ALLISON.
¦ % ¦ '
THERE was something on the pro
fessor's mind. Every -young
woman in the senior Greek class
realized it He had shown symptoms
of it for three weeks, but this morn
ing it had assumed the form of an
undeniable fact. When the shy girl
of the class got rattled and construed
a present infinitive as a past participle
he did not even notice it.
This same shy little Ruth Payne
had assumed the "I proportions of a
problem to Professor Claxton. The
£irl never gave a decent recitation,
yet passed her examinations with the
righest marks. He had tried not to
harbor a suspicion that she resorted
to unfair means on examinations, but
ht could think of nothing else that
v.ould solve the mystery.
The professor's mind, however, was
agitated by a more complicated prob
lem than Ruth Payne's poor recita
tions in Greek. He had, a guilty con-,
science. He felt that each and every
pair of feminine eyes before him were
searchlights turned upon his secret.
He was convinced that each young
woman knew there was a package of
letters in his vest pocket. Of course
letters are commonplace, in a way,
and something any man might inno
cently possess, but these were anony
mous. That was enough to make him
turn crimson, but the knowledge that
he had enjoyed reading these letters
and, moreover, had actually mailed
answers to the address given, hung
over him like a shadow. He knew
there had, at various times In the
world's history, been other anonymous
letters. Really to receive them was
a different matter. Ownership lends
a certain definite Interest.
The professor constantly remem
bered the first of these letters. He
had walked leisurely to the postofflce
after the early supper, unconscious of
impending fate. The college town
"was a small one, and it lent variety
to life to own a postofflce box and go
for one's mail, rather than have it
sent by the college carrier.
On that memorable night he had
taken his letters and looked them over
listlessly until he came to the one
that was the proverbial bombshell in
his experience. He read it over three
times before his astonished faculties
were able to grasp the fact that there
was a woman, an unknown woman,
who professed an admiration for him.
He was not quite sure that it was
exactly respectable to have an un
known woman write him a letter, and
his pedantic soul knew that if it did
not go beyond the bounds of respecta
bility, it at least must be called an
Impropriety. The first letter troubled
his peace of mind for days. It was
witty and bright, and contained just
that delicate soupcon of flattery that
charms the man who believes he
abominates flattery.
Had not she insinuated that she
had met him occasionally and had
been struck with the idea that he pos
sessed a depth of understanding it
would be interesting to fathom.
She further stated she was at that
time leading so quiet and restricted a
life that she was at loss for some
real intellectual interest His mind
immediately pictured the -eister of the
president of the college, who was
spending a quiet winter in the small
village for the sake of her health.
Yet it seemed impossible that a wo
man of so much dignity and reserve
could take such -a step, even for
amusement. .-— '
After pondering over the matter
several days, carefully and methodi
cally, according to his custom, he had
hesitated and been lost. He had an
swered that letter. The address, given
was in a neighboring city, and he had
found himself going to the postoffice
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT Manager
rt-'BLICATIOK OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 11, 1904
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11. 1904.
THE PROFESSOR'S SECRET
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A Modish Gozvn of Mesaline Silk in Pastel Green, Trimmed
With Self -Colored Lace and Panne Velvet of a Deeper
Shade. White Lace Falls at the Elbows. >'
Special information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men. by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
NO,. NO.
Dick — He spends money like water.
Tom— But he doesn't soend, it on
watar. •
KNEW HIS BUSINESS.
Guest — Waiter, I can't t eat this
truck and I: ain't going to pay for iL
Where's the proprietor?
Walter — Gone to supper, sir.
8Shattered nerves, weak stomach, lm-»
paired digestion a/id inability to sleep all
disappear when Lass's Bitters are used.*
WIDOW SIL.W8 SAD RETURN. — Mr». A.
da £11 va. a widow, and her six children, all
under 10 years, have be«n denied a landing at
this port upon the recommendation of United
fctatt-t" Immigrant Inspector D. J. Griffiths.
Mr«. da Sllva went from Guayaquil. South
America, a few years ago to Japan with her
husband and children.. He died there. She is
now on the way home having a through ticket
to ber destination, but otherwise without
means. She will start for Guayaquil on the
-^Tt steamer for Panama,
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10. — E. P/
Ripley, president, and J. W. Kendlrck,
third vice president of the Santa Fe,
to-day made denial that they had par
ticipated in a conference with any cf
the officials of the International As
sociation of .Machinists at Albu
querque relating, to a settlement of the
existing strike of the Santa Fe ma
chinists.
Deny Holding Any Conference.
Even her best friends were surprised
at the heroic progress of 'little 'Enid
Brandt, who was heard in recital last
night at Steinway Hall after many
months of silence. The little girl, by
much slimmer and taller than when she
last appeared, is now 12 years old, and
played her difficult - programme
throughout in masterly fashion. She
knows evidently Just what she wants,
and goes for it with & technical aplomb
truly marvelous ' at her age. Trills,
scales, octaves, all are given with a
certainty and brilliance of execution, a
limpidity of tone that leaves nothing to
be desired. Some rhythmic distortions,
exaggerated rubatos rather, Btill of
fend on the Interpretative side, but as
a whole the child's performance is as
remarkable temperamentally as techni
cally. As a mere 'effort of memory
alone, the, following programme Is
heroic and it was given almost with
out error: The Salnt-Saens, G minor
concerto; Theme and Variations, F
I minor, Haydn; "Des Abends,"- and
"Romanze," Schumann; Etude, op. 10,
No. 6, Chopin; "Serenata," William
Mason; "Fruhllngsrauschen," Binding;
"Theme and Variations," Enid
Brandt; "Tarantelle," Nicode, and the
F major polonaise of "Liszt. A las-ge
audience heard and heartily applauded
the child's work.
BLANCHE - PAHTINGTON.
CHILD PIANIST
SURPRISES BY
HER FINE WORK
Prince Badanaru Fushimi of Japan
and the members of bis suite departed
yesterday fcr the Cast, where the rep
resentative of the Mikado will pay his
respects to President _ Roosevelt and
will then rislt the principal cities on
the Atlantic Coast. Assured of an op
portunity to get a glimpse of their
rcyal countryman, a large number of
Japanese gathered In front of the St.
Francis Hotel prior to the hour of de
parture yesterday morningv and when
the distinguished visitor made his ap
pearance at the entrance of the hotel
on his way to his carriage he was given
a noisy ovation that plainly told of
the loyalty of the Japanese residents
of this city. A band was also in at
tendance and hailed the Prince and his
party with tho Japanese national an
them. In acknowledgment of the
attention paid him Prince Fushimi
gracefully raised his shining tile and
bowed to the cheering mass of Ori
entals that surrounded his carriage.
A number of prominent Japanese, in
cluding the local Consul General, were
in attendance and bade the royal party
farewell as It started on its overland
journey. Although the United States
Government has no reason to fear that
any harm will come to Prince Fushimi
during his stay in this country, the
Washington authorities are taking pre
cautions against any possible attack ox
affront. The Government haB assigned
to the party as a safeguard H. I*
Moffltt of the secret service.
Prince Fushimi and his party will
travel East in a private car. They will
go direct to Washington, where they
will be received by President
iloosevelt in a manner befitting
their rank. Two days will be
spent in Washington, and from
there the Prince will go to St. Louis
as a guest of the Exposition Commis
sion. After seeing the exposition the
party will return to Washington and
then visit Philadelphia, New York,
Boston and Chicago. Returning to San
Francisco, the Prince expects to re
main here about a week, and will leave
for the Orient on the steamship Mon
golia, sailing from this port on De
cember 28.
Mikado's Favored Eelative
and Party Eesume Jour
ney to National Capital
In this week's Town Talk the tardi
ness of the pulpit In joining the crusade
apainst graft is discussed; also some of
the Interesting features of the campaign
aftermath. "Personal Journalism" is the
subject of the editor's essay this week.
The Saunterer makes some breezy com
ments on the "Jollying" of our society
people by fulsome flatterers of the press.
He tells of some spectacular features of
the Greenway ball and of a sensational
night that followed the Dlllon-Winshlp
wedding. The paper abounds* in exclu
sive stories of interest to club men, soci
ety people and politicians, and In the fic
tion department is a translation from the
French dealing with an amusing episode
In the life of a Russian diplomat sta
tioned in Paris.
Town Talk.
FUSMMI BIDS
ADIEU TO CITY
McN'ear Loses Contest.
G. A. McXear must pay J. A.
Browning $6632 27, according to a de
cision rendered by the Supreme Court
yesterday. The wholesaler refused to
I>ay plaintiff the full amount of a bill
for 21,000 tons of barley on the
ground that some of it was not up to
eamplt;. Browning lost his case in the
Superior Court, but the Supreme
Court has ordered a reversal In favor
of plaintiff.
Assumes Position of Superintendent.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 10. — T. R.
Jones to-day assumed the position of
superintendent of the Sacramento di
vision of the Southern Pacific system,
filling the vacancy caused by the
death of It. J. Laws. Jones was for
merly assistant superintendent under
J. B. Wright, but of late has served
as superintendent of the Arizona di
vision at Tucson.
We have converted our picture room
Into a beautiful art gallery for the exhi
bition and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels, etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially
Invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. • ./
A New Art Gallery.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 10.— The following
San Franciscans have registered at the
California buildlngr: Mrs. W. M.
Moony, J. J. Quiens and wife, W. F.
Nichols and wife, Mrs. J. L. Brad
bury, H. L. Boyd. W. M. Woodward
and wife, C. M. Rowe, Mrs. C. J. Heg
gerty, G. J. Heggerty, J. L. Cahlll, I. M.
Lederer, H. Bien, H. Antz, D. Craig,
Mrs. J. Sterett, M. E. Willis, S. C.
Robb.
MANX SAN FRANCISCANS
VISIT FAIR IN ST. IiOUIS
Lucia Gatty has sued for divorce
from Dominigo Gatty, whom she mar
ried in Costa Rica in 1SS7 and who is
the father of her six children. He de
clines to support them in spite of his
profitable business in the Gatty Ma
chine Shop Company at Los Angeles.
She asks for $50 a month alimony for
•herself and $75 for the support of the
children.
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Maud E. Till against Arthur W. Till,
cruelty; Charles H. Madden against
Alice Madden, desertion; Harry Spen
cer against Jennie Spencer, desertion;
Harriet Jurgensen against John Jur
gensen, cruelty and Intemperance;
Nancy E. Bond against James W.
Bond, desertion; Delia Dunning
against James Dunning, cruelty. Dun
ning has $1000 on deposit and she got
an order restraining him from draw
ing it.
Divorces were granted by Judge Ker
rigan to Annie McCombe from John
McCombe, desertion; by Judge Gra
ham to Jullletta M. T. Allison from
Herbert S. Allison, neglect; by Judge
Graham for Judge Hunt, to Onesimo
Cevolanl from Augusta Cevolani, de
sertion; to Crauf Grant from Horace
Grant, extreme cruelty; by Judge
Troutt to Gertrude A. Wood from
Clarence Wood, neglect; by Judge Sloss
to Charlotte A. Coleman from Dennis
Coleman, neglect; to Alice A. Lewis
from A. M. Lewis, neglect.
Judge Kerrigan took under submis
sion the application of Charles Leaon
Stewart for an annulment of his mar
riage with Mae Morris. He said he
was forced into the union under threat
of prosecution for a felony and that
they were married under the names of
Steward and Morse not long ago in
Marin County.
Suit for annulment of marriage was
brought by Mae Elizabeth Brown
against John Otis Brown on the ground
of his fraudulent representations. On
May 8, 1902, Brown got an Interlocu
tory decree of divorce from Eliza E.
Brown and on the same day went to
San Rafael, where he married the pres
ent plaintiff, telling her that all that
was necessary to make the marriage
valid was that it should take place in
some county outside of the one where
the dlyorce waa granted. Later when
she upbraided him for his deception,
he compelled her, she says, to live with
him by threatening violence If she
should leave.
To intemperance is ascribed the in
ability of Joseph A. Wadsworth to
provide for hie family. This led to the
breaking up of his home. When drunk
he frequently handled his wife, Clara,
roughly* Because of this cruelty Judge
MuraBky yesterday granted her a di
vorce, $30 a month alimony and the
custody of their six-year-old son.
Wadsworth is the son of Henry Wads
worth of the Realty Syndicate in Oak
land. He was employed as expert ac
countant at the Wells-Fargo Bank,
but lost the position because of drink
ing. He worked for awhile in Los
Angeles, then for the Southern Pacific
at Sacramento, but was obliged to give
up these places. He was represented
in court yesterday by Attorney E. B.
Young and admitted that he had
caught his wife roughly by the wrists
when intoxicated. He said he was un
able to pay more than $10 a month for
the support of his child. F. C. Havens
of the Realty Syndicate testified that
Wadsworth had worked for the com
pany. From Mrs. Wadsworth and her
mother, Mrs. Sarah Atkinson, man
ager of a private sanitarium, it was
learned that Wadsworth drank a
great deal and had twice taken the
cure. Mrs. Wadsworth left him two
years ago and has since lived with her
mother. They were married at Mar
tinez In 1S97. _
According to Attorney Barendt, his
first' move after the six months before
an heir can attack an estate have
elapsed will be to move that the de
cree of divorce be set aside on tha
ground that it was obtained by fraud.
If this succeeds it will restore the Aus
trian to her status as widow, and she
will be entitled to half of the estate,
as Fleisher left no wilL s
When the estate first came into pro
bate the three children of the second
wife offered some opposition, which
promised litigation. However, Mrs.
Fleisher, in a petition for permission
to sell the realty belonging to the ,es
tate, stated that their claims had been
Bettled. This petition was to have been
heard before Judge Kerrigan yester
day,-but it went over until Wednes
day. At that time Mr. Barendt will
oppose it in order to prevent the con
version of the property Into cash until
his contest shall have been heard.
Mr. Barendt's story is interesting and
promise** a novel case. He says that
in 1S73 Fleisher was running a small
hat factory on the present site of the
Fireman's Fund building. He married,
and in 1S75 sent his young wife back
to Austria, presumably for her health.
He sent her many sums of money, but
never enough for her to return. In
1876 he got a divorce here and soon
married again. After the death. of his
Becond wife, leaving him three chil
dren, he married the third time. A
daughter, Cecelia, aged 14, and the
widow are still living.
A few months ago Fleisher died.
Word of his death reached Cracow. The
first Mrs. Fleisher, who is illiterate,
had her relatives write to learn of the
death, and through the correspondence
which followed she learned last month
for the first time that she had been di
vorced.
A storm Is brewing in Cracow, Aus
tria, which: will break over the estate
of the late' Wolf Fleisher when the wo
man there . who says she is his widow
begins her fight for half of the $250,000
fortune left by the pioneer hatter. The
existence of the supposed widow was
formally brought to the attention of
the heirs in San Francisco yesterday
by Attorney Arthur Barendt, who filed
his appearance in her behalf. The per
son most surprised, doubtless, is Mrs.
Esther Fleisher, third wife of de
ceased, who . was recently appointed
administratrix of the estate. The chil
dren of the second wife, now dead, will
also feel an annoyance, both because
of the attack upon their share in the
big estate and the implied question as
to the validity of their mother's mar
riage. These children are Bernard
Fleisher, Mrs. Rose Bush and Mrs.
Miriam Levy.
Barendt's client, according to his no
tice, is Mrs. Rebecca Glueck Fleisher
of Cracow, also known as Mrs. Rlfke
Glueckllch Fleisher. Judge James G.
Magulre, representing Mrs. Esther
Flelsher, says he had heard an intima
tion about the claims of the Austrian
woman, but did not know upon what
her contentions were based.
Question Involves Decree
* Granted in 1876, of Which
Woman Was in Ignorance
Divorce From First Mate
and Now Seeks Annulment
¦ - - j .¦¦ ¦
Married Day of Husband's
MS. BROWN DECEIVED
IS OLD DIVORCE VALID?
Wife of Expert Accountant,
Son of a Capitalist, Is
Granted Legal Separation
Attorney Barendt Appears
for an Austrian Claimant
of Wolf Eleisker's Fortune
"Wit and Humor," club members;
contralto solos, "Bluest of Eyes"
(Benza), "Love Is a Bubble" (Alllsten),
Miss Ella D. McCloskey; reading, "The
Sisters" (Whlttier), "Miss O'Toole and
the Conductor" (anonymous), Miss
Helen Kelleher; barytone solos, "Wid
raung" (Schumann), "Hear Me, Te
Winds and Waves," recitative and aria
(Handel), Willard Young; soprano
solos, "Les Filles de Cadiz" (Deliebes),
"Come With Me" (Dander Stucken),
Mile. Dora Fillippe of the Tlvoli Opera
Company, accompanied by Mme. Caro
Roma; monologue, "Bringing Up a
Child by Telephone" (anonymous), Mrs.
Louise Battles Cooper.
The Papyrus Club held its bi-weekly
meeting yesterday afternoon in Utopia
HalL A programme, under the direc
tion of Mrs. A. R. Girard, afforded
genuine pleasure and amusement to the
members and visitors, of whom a large
number were present.
The opening- was thoroughly en
livened by sallies of wit that were ex
changed rapidly among several mem
bers, whose . sense of humor was keen
and correspondingly appreciated by
those who heard- Following this were
musical numbers, excellently given by
well-known singers. Readings, on the
dramatic and comedy order, gave vari
ance and engaged unqualified attention.
The musicians, with one exception,
were accompanied by Mrs. Guy F.
Millbury. This programme shows the
standard that helps to make the Papy
rus Club a success:
HIS DOWNFALL
DUE TO DRINK
WANTS ESTATE
FOR FIRST WIFE
PAPYRUS CLUB
ENTERTAINS
WITH MUSIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; NOVEMBER .11. 1904.
9
(- CALIFORNIA — |
OTIS B. THAYER and
QERTRUDE BONDHILL
In th« Beautiful Pastoral Comedy-
Drama.
SWEET CLOVER
TO-aioaaow sxokt
STANFORD^ NIGHT.
NEXT BTJNDAT MATINEBJ— The
fnriously funny fare*, tha bis; hit or
last year. "A FRIEND OF THE FAM-
IL.T." with a cast of rraat strenrth.
BETTER THAN LAST SEASON.
TONT LUBELSKI. General Manacer.
Contlnu.d and Tremendous Success of Our New
Groat Vaudeville Rouse.
Strictly Moral Family Th-ater.
Ho Smoking; — No Drinking;
Ten Unrivaled Feature Novelties at Price* N»
Higher Than
10c and 20c
To All parts of the Theater.
Performance every afternoon at 2:30. Twlo*
•mI> evening; at 7:30 and 0. Continuous Satur-
day and Sunday Matinees from 2 to 0 o'clock.
Klns-Ners; Behan, Maacott» and Behan; San-
ford and Darlington; Orrtn McKnlght; Edward
de Moss; Lone Star Harry; Cllntcn Montgom-
ery; th« World-Famed Austrian Girls, and the
Only European Moving; Pictures.
The Petchlng Brothers
Aad a Bslrndld Snow Every Afternoon
and ZtTtalar in th» Tnaater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
acnrxATXTKE ez-ectrio raii.ro ad.
8EVTEN BABT LIONS IN THE ZOO.
Hear the Pneumatic S/mphonr Orchestrion.
ELECTniC FOXJNTAU* SATURDAT NIGHT.
THE JOHNSTOWN FL003 OPENS SUNDAY
ADMISSION 10c 1 CHILDREN 3c
When Phoning; Ask for "The Chutes."
DnUrtx D0NT. FAIL TO
I UiatC §ee th8 beautiful
« COURT Lounging
5|ff 11 room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
ITf/llia LOUIS XV PAR-
q ij,, DIES' WRITINO
Hotels room -
AD VERTIS F.M F NTS.
JW KODAK]
(Developing
Have been elected by a large ma-
jority as the best work of the kind
on the coa«t.
My prices are •way down.
DETnELOPIWO.
SoU of six. 10c; roll of 12. 15o.
FKLBTLKGk
Sclio fivU+<, 3o to 5c; velox finish,
2c to Gc.
DATXIGHT LOASIKO 7ILHS. In
all popular sizes, at popular prices.
AJTSCO n*'vnr.-n.Am — rrcm 82. OO
up.
ctxo photo PAJraa— Prints by
artificial lig-ht. Gives beautiful de-
tail.
Cameras of all kinds repaired at
low prices.
Mail orders filled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 UABKrT STBEET. OpD. Pitta,
SAN FRANCISCO. • '
For the Ladies.
To the girl attaining womanhood, the
young woman, and those of maturer
years, during the recurring times of
depression and discomfort, when Na-
ture requires a little assistance,
Beecham ? s
Pills
are a special boon. See special in-
structions.
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 25a
W. X. HESS.
Votary Public aad Attorney-«t-ZAw.
Teeth Floor. Room 1015. Clioi SpreckeU bids
Teleobone Main 983.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pagt Ktl.
IgULUitlBIA loom mm
AT.T. THIS AXD NEXT WEEK.
NIGHTLY, incladlnit Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAT. .
"SomtthtBff for everybody la Tb* County
Chairman.' " — Examiner.
Henry W. Bararv Offers O«oro Adt'i Quaint
Comedy Drama.
I!- COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
(Not a Musical Comedy.)
Bis Cut — Mamlttcent Production.
Coming— HAXINE ELLIOTT la "HER OWN
WAT."
GRAND SS5§£
LAST S NIGHTS—MAT. TO-SIORROW.
JANE CORCORAN
A^R^'rOBSON .nPfiETTYJECGY
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE,
The Gnat International Succtas,
The FATAL
WEDDING, 1
H. W. BISHOP, Lease* and Manager.
TO-NIGHT iSg'gK& TfflS WEEK
MATINEE TO-MOBBOW.
Ollr«r Moroaco Offers HOWARD GOULD, J.
H. GILMOUR and th« EnUrt Majeitio
Theater Company la
An American Citizen
Next Monday. "HEARTS AFLAME."
Reappearance ADELB BLOCK.
MISCEULAN EOUS AMUSEMEXTa.
BASEBALL;
San Francisco vs. Seattle.
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison itt.
TO-DAY and all week days, 3 p. m.
SUN DAT. 2:30 P. M.
I*ADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advanc* sal* of seats at 5 Stockton st.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Newman & iiEvryrsoy.
leirnj ind Suiter Streets. OS^^?
Store Opens 8:30 A. M n Closes 5:30 P. M.
A Most Exceptional Sale of
Black Dress Goods
XTirtt Floor XMrny St.)
More than 3000 yards of handsome Black Dress Goods are
in this offering — including such desirable fabrics as Panama
Cloth, Pebbeline, Wool Taffeta and Storm Serge — materials
that are all wool, all new, and the proper weaves for
this season's wear — 38 inches wide, worth regularly
75c a yard, special for Friday at >JfJ\+
l A Off Black Goods Remnants
An accumulation of this season's most wanted fabrics. In 2 to 8-yard
lengths — among them are Cheviots, Voiles, Crepe de Paris, Chiffon
Samite, Etamines, Serges, Broadcloths and many others. To doss out
quickly, we deduct ONE -QUARTER OFF tht present low remnant
prices. y^ j
Ladies' New Neckwear
Worth 25c Each, at 12c
(First Floor Xearay St.)
Ladies' Stylish Collars, entirely new, in the prevailing
turnover styles, with, latest button-hole effect to run tie
through. They are made of fine white, washable >Eolian
cloth, heavily embroidered, in a large variety of choice colors,
also white and black — some in floral designs, others are in
the new English embroidery. Regular 25c values,
but a large purchase enables us to offer them at the t y /%
extremely low price of, each ' '
J/3 Off Bronzes and Glassware
(Second Floor Ke&ray St.)
We are closing out our entire stock of Imported Art Ware.
Every article would be reasonable at its regular price, but we
need the room for the enlargement of other departments.
For holiday gifts or for personal use, you will find it to your
advantage to see these goods. Among them are some of the
handsomest specimens of
Real Bronze Figures, Groups and Basts, Bronzo Cabinet Ornaments,
Kayserzlnn Novelties, Fancy Metal Art Objects, Karlsbad Glass-
ware, Decorative Glass Vases and Bowls, Clocks, Candelabra,
Desk Ornaments, etc
All 3356 Per Cent Off the Regular Marked Prices.
Friday's ' Specials in
Good Bed Spreads
(Second Floor Sntttr St.)
Entirely new goods just arrived from the mills — values
that should interest, not only the public in general, but hotel
men throughout the state.
Serviceable White Honeycomb I White Honeycomb Bed Spreads,
Bed Spreads, In a variety of - I heavy weight. In pretty
choice patterns, size 72x84; Q Z r \ marscillcs designs — siza „ C 1 1 A
spedal at O«J« I 72x84; extra value, at.. «P1»1V
A Great Sale of Scissors
(Flrrt Floor Batter St.)
AH sizes in Dressmakers* Shears, Cutting, Embroidery,
Manicure and Nail Scissors are in this offering. Every Lady
should be interested, for it places within their reach the very
best quality Scissors at irresistibly low prices :
Morley's Cutting Scissors, 3 to jj^ Henckel'i Manicure Scissors, 3X
Inches long, solid steel, full nickel 'to 4 inches long, extra fine points,
plated, every pair warranted; c nickel plated handles; real c ~
value 50c pair, sale price. . . . value 75c pair, sale price. . . . 3UC
Dressmakers' Steel Laid Shears. Henckel's Nail Scissors, medium
7 to 8>£ Inches long, nickel plated size, best nickel plated handles, an
handles, adapted tor heavy CA^ exceptionally good article; - A
cutting; value $1.00 pair, at. . 3vC real value 75c, sale price .... OwC
wu AD\'ERT1SEMEXTS.
if Mrs. Elizabeth H. Thompson, 6i Lilly-H
dale, N. Y., Grand Worthy Wise Templar,
and Member of W.C.T.U., tells how she
recovered from a serious illness by the use of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
•*«l? SA 5L? BS ' P ?™ ASI: 7 I 1 IBOMof the many of your grateful friends
J5™^f, T e ? throu ? h J the J^ of E. Pinkhani's Vegetable
Compound, and who can to-day thank you for the fine health I enjoy. When
I was thirty-five years old, I suffered severe backache and frequent bearinir-
down pains ; in fact, I had womb trouble. I was very anxious to get well
and reading of tho cares your Compound had made, I decided to try it. I took
° J *?x? b ? ttl ff' bn * ifc bailt me U P "d cured me entirely of all my troubles.
My family and relatives were naturally as gratified as I was. My niece
fcad heart trouble and nervous prostration, and was considered incurable,
bhe took your \ eg^Uble Compound and it cured her in a short time, and she
became well and strong, and her home to her great joy and her husband's
dehg-ht was blessed with a baby. I know of a number of others who have
been cured of different kinds of female trouble, and am satisfied that your
Compound is the best medicinefor sick women."— Mss. Elizabeth H. Thompson
Box 105, Lillydale, N. Y.
Thousands upon thousands of women throughout this country
are not only expressing: such. sentiments as the above to theitv
!»?,?£& % e continually writing: letters of gratitude to Mrs.
I mkhaiii, until she has hundreds of thousands of letters from
women in all classes of society who have been restored to health
by ber advice and medicine after all other means had failed.
Here is another letter which proves conclusively that there is no
Other medicine to equal Lydia E. Pinltham's Vegetable Compound.
" Dbab Mrs. Phtkham : — I suffered with
P°° r he *lth for over seven years, not sick
j^^^V^r^j^k " enough to stay in bed, and not well enough to
&Sj c njoylifeandattendtomydailydutiesproper-
W^y^X*^*- tri%jPk ly " * was eroding thin, my complexion wa«
t&^T^^^'tfi&MigZti sallow, and I was easily upj-et and irritable.
L-\ ''jPi*Es2 "One of my neighbors advised me to try
felSk <*£> itMl H Ij y dia E ' Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
mm-^rlA -"* /¦/£? fj*l P° un <i» an <* I procured a bottle. A great
Er <' f $£U»^W*i chan ? e for th « better took place within a
t\k _/"¦'<*'•¦ <v -^^^S3StI week » and I decided to keep up the treatment.
•5* S I "^ -y " Within two months I was like a changed
•T 7 vfiyf- C-^H woman ' m y health good, my step light, my
/ i sf'i X N *•* V e y« s bright, my complexion vastly improTed,
\StfJ\ , J . \ and * ' elt once more like a young girl. I
tf / / \ \ < (J I wonder now how I ever endured the misery.
• / I C •J^' ! I would not spend another year like it for a
• » « JC""* " fortune.
_ -J. *"* _-;' ;; ; "I appreciate my good health, and giro
all the praise to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." — Mbs.
M. Tilla., 407 Habersteen St., Savannah, Ga.
Mrs. Pinkhxra has on file thousands of such letters.
$ C fl fl fl PO R FE.IT W ye c*anot forthwiai produce the original letter* and aignatnrea of
\ni|lll| alx>v« ttmmnnuli, vbiea will pro re their absolute gennlcenefls.
VVVWU Ljdla E. PUiVhatn Med. Co., Lynn, Mut.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f^7\ Record
I A A 6 BreaKing
JL CUJValues
Our r ' ,_
IZitr 60c Teas
are regular
80c qualities
Extra Premiums
Free
with each purchase
Premiums must be seen
to be appreciated
New Teas
25,30,35,40,50c
Come early fc
just to look.
Great Americas Importiujjea Co.
Money Saving Store.
861 Market 218 Butter 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1819 Devtaadar© J5ffe ark ' n
476Halght 3006 Sixteenth 5^21^7,
32S5 Mission 621 Montg'y av« £, Market
2008 Fill more 2516 Mission 408 Fourth
364 Third 2732 24th 206 Third
AMUSEMENTS.
OPERAJgYOllHOUSE I
SECOND WSBX
Of the great Musical Comedy Triumph
Messenger
Superb SJ^^^/ Great
Scenic Rg8 B | . Tlvoli
Sensation *-"* ¦ Cast
Usual Tlvoli Diieea 25c. 60c, 70c
Beats always Bulling; Only Mat Saturday.
The Show of the Season!
John T. Kelly ud Company; Twelve
Navalo Olrla; Canfleld. and Carleton.
and Wee Jeanle Tletcher. Lait Times
of Beed and Shaw; Watson, Hatching's,
Edwards ana Company; The Mines <
Delmore. and Bailey and Meeban.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 25c
and BOc
AT sH A T A 13 Bela»co*Maytr,
General Manager.
SHEIEKS OF LAUGHTEE
From the Curtain's Eise!
- TO-H1QHT— Mats, Bat. and Sun.
A. C. ' Gunter's Most Delightful Comedy,
PRINCE |H
KARL sr
Evgs 25c to 75c. Mats. Sat A Sun., 25c to 00c.
NEXT MONDAY— Clyde Fitch's Great Play.
THECLIMBERS
For the first time In stock.
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 633
rwT_ IMSAh-t- LAST THREE NIG.HTS.
* i J"l^lgllL Mats. Sat. and Sun.
Thrilling Melodramatic buccess,
"HER MARRIAGE VOW"
THE TERRIBLE'tRAIN COLLISION!!
FIOHT FOR LIFE ON THE PRECIPICE}!!
. »•-.. SPELLBINDING. ALL THE WAY!!
PRICES— Evenings......... ...10c to BOc
Matinees. 15c, 25c, 35c
Next-WINCHESTBR.
APVERTISF.MTCNT8..'
Grand Concert
Terrace Garden-
TO-NIGHT
From 9:30 to 11:00 O'clock.
The Hungarian Or-
chestra, under Bernat
Jaulus, will be enlarged
for the ; occasion. A
program of unusual ex-
will be given.
You and vour friends
will be made welcome.
The usual excellent v
table service.
Direction of th« • '
Hague Restaurant Co.,
B. WILSON, Pre».
121-127 Mason Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Racing! $&, Racing!
California W^ Ci
OAKLAND TRACK.
Commencing SATURDAY, November IX
Racing every week day, rain or shin*.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Opening: Handicap, $2000 Added
- For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry. : foot of Market » street, at 12 : 00
12 :3O, 1 :00. - 1 :30 or . 2 :0O. Returning trains
leave the track at 4: 10. and 4:45 p. m. and
Immediately after the last race. . ¦
: THOMAS H.WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W. TREAT. - Secretary.Californlans in Washington.
AQUEDUCT ENTRIES.
NEW TORK, Nov. 10.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Aqueduct fol
low:- 1
First race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds.
selling— Palette 08, John F 106, Handful 00,
Neptunus 101, Rob Roy 09, Consideration 10T,
Clear the , Arena 09. , Emergency 104. Water
Pansy 94. Andrew Mack 102, Arietta 04, Lord
of the Valley 102. V
Second race, one mile, handicap — Eueeni i
IiATOXIA ENTRIES.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 10. — The entries
for to-morrow's^ races at Latonia fol
low: v>. ~.i
First race seven-eighths of a mile, selling —
Qulncy 105, Trovator 05. Frank Rlc« 103. Mr.
FarnUm 100 Glendon 108. Ogowal 100. Hope
ful Miss 100. Miss Aubrey 100 ; Dusky 100, Iole
100, Reckoner 105. Velasquez 105, Danube 100,
Southampton 103.
Second race five and & half furlongs,
purse — Dr. Brady 102. Arthur Cummer 105.
Allen Avon 105,- Merry George 105. Colonal
White 112 Gasconne 105, The Dramln 102,*
Merino 102. Miss Powell 106. Whirlpool 105,
Swedish Lady 108. Harlequin 105, Muldoon 102.
Third race one and an eighth miles, ¦ell
ing—Benckart 102. Balrd 103. Brooklyn 00,
Plautus 68. Beaucalre 9". Memphlan 105, San
ta Luna 00 Van Hope 95. Myth 102.
Fourth race, three-quarters of a mile, han
dicap — 81r Gallant 107 Judge Himes 106. Fo
lles Bergeres 88. Rainland 105. Stand Pat 08,
Cigar Lighter 88. Gold Enamel 98, Fonsoluca
110. Rusk 103. Jake Greenbcrg 113.
Fifth race, one mile, purse — Variora 08,
Miss Doyle 110. Early Boy 104. Requlter 113.
Apple 101. Lyrist 03.
Sixth race, five-eighths of a mile, purse —
Mrs. Falconer 102. Our Slater 102. Mary Ro
senfoss 102 - Ravlana 105. Pearl Hopkins 102
Lony 1C2 Portia Swett 102. Annie Cortelyou
102 Gallce 110. Dorothy Dodd 110. Homebody
102. Juchltan 102. Halma Belle 102. Flight 110
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT. — J
O'Kane, harnessmaker. 26 Golden Gate ave^
nue. got a warrant from Police Judge Ca
banlsa yeeterday for the arrest of John Man
ning, known a» "the Doc," on a charge of
felony embezzlement. .It is alleged that Jun«
last Manning, who has charge of the saddles
at the race track, got $196 75 worth of stock
from O'Kane.
The proceedings by which P. Maris
cano hopes to put an end to the prose
cutions for his violation of the. ordi
nace against the use of property for
immoral purposes, will be given a hear
ing in Judge Sloss'- department next
Wednesday." On Saturday he sued for
an injunction to prevent further ar
rests for the same offense. Yesterday
in an application for a writ of pro
hibition to prevent, the Police Court
from: trying the first of eight charges
against him he related that he had
been arrested on October 26 and seven
times thereafter up to: November 9."'
He contends that , his violation of the
ordinance ; cannot be tried as a con
tinuous offense nor split up into sepa
rate prosecutions. He also . petitioned
for . a .writ of mandamus commanding
the. Police Court to proceed with the
trial of the last of the eight cases be
fore try Ing, the others. Judge Sloss
granted an alternative writ returnable
Wednesday. .
Mariscaho Wants Writs.
CINCINNATI, Nov. lOi — Coruscate,
the odds-on favorite, finished first in
the feature, event at Latonia to-day,
but was disqualified for fouling Judge
Himes about seventy yards from the
wire; Only four horse3 started out
of the. original entries and the favor-
Its was placed last The .weather was
rainy . and the track sloppy. Sum
mary:
First race, six furlong* — Owasa won, Trom
peuse Taylor second, Wlnnlfreda third Time
1:18. •
Second race, one mile— Ben Eckert won. Gus
Heldorn second, Rachael Warde third. Time,
im.i.Vj. '; ; ¦ - '
Third race/ five "and a half furlongs^ — Intense
won. Mum second, Royal Legend third. Time
1:00%.
Fourth race, , one mile and - seventy yards-
Judge Hlmea won, Bessie McCarthy second,
Sam Craig third. Time. 1:50. Coruscate fin
ished first, -but was disqualified for fouling, j
Fifth race, six furlongs — Stand Pat won.
Dusky second, Subador third. Time.- 1:17^.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Free Hooter won
J. B. Smith second, Merry George third. Time
1:04. . ' . .
Odds-on Favorite Wins, but Is Placed
Last* for Fbulingf.
CORUSCATE IS DISQUALIFIED.
The man who talks to himself hears
a lot of compliments.
The Jury in the case of Henry Rad
cllffe, accused of murdering Andrew
Riley. a hodcarrler, could not agree
yesterdar. At 12 p. m. they were
locked up for the night Riley was
fatally shot on June 26. Radcliffe at
the time, admitted that he had killed
Riley. but maintained that the hod
carrier had Insulted his wife The
trial has been going on In Judge
Cook's court
RadcUffe Ju#y Still Out.
SIXTH RACK — Six and a half furlongs;
purse; maiden- two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Ken. 107 (Hlldebrand) . . 6 7 h In
0 to 5— Light Note. 110 (J.Mrtn) 8 3 h 2 8
80 to 1— G. Duchess, 107 (Cochrn) 4 0 h ' 8 h "
Time. 1:23. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. H. J. Morris' b. f . by Cannle Boy-Lady
Janet. Critical, Courier, St. Margrave Iron
Heart. Ccdarstrome, Blue Pigeon, finished aa
named. /
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— Charles H.
Brooks, formerly proprietor of the
Broadway Van Nuys Hotel of this city
and -wanted by the Federal authorities
on a charge of swindling In connection
with the Brooks Brokerage and Com
mission Company of St. Louis, an al
leged "tfet-rich-'iuick" concern, . failed
to appear when his case was called be
fore United States Commissioner Van
Dyke in this city to-day, and his bond
of $2500 was declared forfeited. Brooks
is believed to have left the city. The
mother of Brooks appeared before the
CommiSHioner when the case was call
ed and stated that she had received an
undated letter from her < son several
weeks ago in an unmarke'd envelope.
She could give no Information as to his
whereabouts.
Brooks' arrest here several months
ago caused a sensation. He had only
recently come from St Louis, but had
purchased one of the leading hotels of
the city and 'appeared to be well off
financially. After Brooks' arrest,
which followed his Indictment for al
leged fraud In Ft. Louis, he gave bonds
for his appearance and resisted extra
dition to Missouri. The United States
District Court decided against him, and
his lawyers took an appeal to the Unit
ed States Supreme Court. This-ap
peal Is still pending and he is under a
bond of $5000 for his appearance there.
Local bankers v are Brooks' bondsmen.
It was , In connection with the dis
closures of the indictment' of United
States Senator Burton of Kansas on
charges of bribery that Brooks' arrest
was brought about
Sixth race, one mile, maidens — Stalker 110.
Alster 107, Billy Roche 107. Only On« 100, Tom
Lawson H/7. Unqua 110, Myrtca 107. All Right
107. Arietta 107. Nult Blanche 107. Bell Metal
110, Jericho 100. Revane 107, The Captain 110.
Third race, six furlongs. th« Oakdale handi
cap—Cairngorm 100. Augur 112. Merry Lark
100 Jim Beattle 05. Bank 07, Flyback 104,
Oxford 03. Austin Allen 05, Sufferance 03.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, selling
— The Southerner 103. Glisten 99. Aurumaster
95, Thespian 103, Consideration 07, Brigand
103, Garnish 03. Keynote 103. The Huguenot
100, Lord Badge 108, Carbuncle 105. : : -;
Fifth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds —
Cocur de Leon 07, King Cole 117. Lucy Young
04, Ben Lothian 97, Clover Hampton 104. Nib
lick 109 Campo 94. Magsle Stroup 94. Amber-
Jack 102." Kilties 102, Trapper 112, Inspira
tion 04.
Burch 125, Lord Bads* 116. Irish Witch 100.
Eagla 110, Flammula. 102, Ancestor 109. So
noma Belle 112. Consideration 102, Myopia 00.
The committee Is elated with the
promptness with which Roosevelt de
cided to visit the fair. It feels that
his attendance will have an excellent
effect. It says that arrangements
will be made for a fitting programme
for that day. For the Sunday follow
ing:, should there be no disappointment
of the committee's prediction that the
President will remain in St. Louis dur
ing that day, arrangements for his.en
tertflJnm*>nt also will be made. " '
The invitation to the President, it is
understood, is comprehensive enough
to Include any other persons whom he
may wish to have with him, and some
of the members of the Cabinet are like
ly to accompany him.
. The committee to which . the Presi
dent to-night gave his promise to visit
the fair consisted of Mayor Wells, Wll
lla?R H. Thompson and Corwin Spen
cer, first vice president of the exposi
tion. Their train was late, so they did
not reach Washington until 6 o'clock.
Through Secretary Loeb an immediate
audience with the President was ar
langed. The committee remained with
him for half an hour and urged his ac
ceptance of the invitation. The Presi
dent cordially thanked the committee
for Its Invitation, and after consulting
his visitors he set Saturday aa the
day. It is expected that.the President
and those who will accompany him
will leave here on Thanksgiving night
and will reach St. Louis early Satur
day morning.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— President
Roosevelt has promised to attend the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition on Sat
urday, November 26. He made this
promise to-night to a committee from
St. Louis ¦ headed by Mayor Wells,
which came to Washington for the pur
pose of inviting him to visit the fair.
The probability is that the President
will remain in St. Louis until the night
of Sunday, November 27. The Presi
dent has been anxious to go to St.
Louis to see the fair ever since * the
opening. However, the Presidential
campaign compelled him to remain in
the East, and in August he so informed
William Thompson, treasurer of the
exposition.
FORFEITS BAIL
GIVEN FOR -HIM
Time, 1:41 3-5. Start bad. Won easily.
Winner. D. C. Johnson's ch. h. by St. Georga-
Ethel Thomaa. Out of Reach. Brlarthorpe,
April Shower. Charter, Falrbury. Homestead,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— On« mil*; selling-; thre*
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
llto&— S. Trimble. 106 (J.Mrtn) 3 1 h 1 1U
7 to 1— Akela, 103 (Hlldebrand). 1 2 3 2 lVa
8 to 6— Red Knight, 112 (Odom) 5 3 2 3 2
George Sullivan and Jim Casey, the
husky heavyweights, will go four
rounds as the main event of the Hayes
Valley Club's amateur boxing show at
Woodward's Pavilion to-night. Abe
Lfibel and Johnny Crow are billed to
meet for the bantam-weight title. Five
other four-round bouts are also on'
the card. Billy Roche will referee all
the contests.
Hayes Valley Club's Bonta.
WILL PAY VISIT
TO EXPOSITION
FOURTH^ RACE— One mile; handicap: 'all
agee: '
Betting. Horse. Weight,- Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Ocean Tide. 116 (Shaw). 1 2 % 1 h
10 to 1 — Ascension, 120 (Burns). 2 12 22
12 to 5— St. Valentine. 117 (Odm) 5 3 h" 3 1%
Time. 1:42. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, P. ' Wlmmer's h. f. by St. George-Come
and Go. Graceful. Sidney C. Love. Proceeds,
finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds; the Nassau handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
U to 20— Orthodox. 110 (Martin).. 2 12 12
13 to 5— Mineola. 102 (Hildebrnd) 12 12 2
1% to 1— War Whoop. 01 (Shilng) 3 3 3
Time. 1:2S 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, M. L. Hayman's ch. c. by Don de
Oro-Ortegal. Three starters.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up; mares; selling;:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey? St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Funnyslde, 104 (Miller)... 6 1 ltf 1 2
7 to 2 — Clear the Arena, 104 (Crm) 2 4 1 2 h
7 to 1— Prln. Atheling. 100 (Shaw) 4 3 1 a 2
Time. 1:15 3-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner, W. A. Stanton's br. t. by Oalore-
Merrlness. Belle of Portland. Black Socks,
Revane. Burdette, Satchel, Stroma, Rosle
Dunham, Fickle, Stepaway, Vagary, Neither
One, Mutiny, finished as named.
Alfred Lilienfeld has resigned as
foreman of the Grand Jury. His resig
nation was forwarded to Judge Law
lor last night, together with a request
that he be permitted to explain to-day
in court the reasons for his action.
Some say that Lilienfeld was called
to account by his fel'ow Grand Jury
men for outlining the actions of that
Inquisitorial body for public benefit,
and this the ex-foreman emphatical
ly resents. However, it is vaguely
known that yesterday afternoon, while
Henry Lynch, two members of the
Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors, and other witnesses
paced the trenches in front of the Jury's
fortified position in the City Hall, there
was war and rumors of war in pre
cincts that no citizen could hope to
penetrate.
The Grand Jury had Intended to dis
cuss the Lynch case and the Yorke &
Co. contracts for street work. They
had the, Baldwin Theater complaints
and the Election Commissioners on a
tablet, but as the j hours jsped, Lynch,
wearied of waiting, and - Supervisors
D'Ancona and Brandenstein, watch
dogs of the treasury, supped away in
the fast approaching night. Lynch was
there to- answer that he had not been
a party to an alleged "$10,000 deal" for
the position of city engineer, vice C. E.
Grunsky, resigned, and the Finance
Committeemen were at hand to tell all
they knew about street contracts.
At about 5 o'clock D'Ancona was
summoned, but he had been obliged
to leave the waiting-room. Lynch was
too busy to remain long and promised
to come again.' Other witnesses ex
cused themselves.
When the Jury finally closed its ses
sion T. F. Bonnet was delegated as
spokesman to Inform the press of the
routine transactions of the body. Fore
man Lilienfeld prompted him while he
related that the committee appointed
to look over the figures submitted by
ex- Assessor James Nealon In support
of his complaint that James Phelan's
property had been underestimated in
value by Assessor Washington Dodge
had found the estimates technically
correct. Nealon was exonerated of the
charge that he was inspired, to act
because of pique. The committee found
Nealon's figures accurate, but offered
no comment regarding them.
The Yorke bills were discussed in
formally. The discussion would have
probably assumed more definite form
had time permitted.
The Grand Jury will probably ask to
be dismissed now that Foreman Lilien
feld has determined to sever his con
nections with It.
Fitzgerald Pitches Grand Ball, While
Schmidt Gets Ills Humps.
FRESNO, Nov. 10. — Tacoma won
to-day In a one-sided fame. Fitz
gerald pitched a magnificent game, one
of his »est, and was accorded splendid
COMMUTERS FINALLY FALL.
FOREMAN GRAND
JURY RESIGNS
AQUEDUCT, Nov. 10.— When the
numbers of the horses were posted at
the close of the first race to-day, and
it was seen the judges had ordered up
Niblick's number as the second horse
instead of that of Flyback, which
actually finished second, wagers w'ere
made that the numbers would be
changed and that the correct placing
would make Flyback second to Coy
Maid, with Escutcheon third and Nib
lick fourth. This, In the opinion of
racegoers, was the order of the finish.
The numbers were not changed. Alex
Shields, part owner of both horses, in
formed Andrew Miller, one of the
stewards of the Jockey Club, that the
Judges had made an error. Mr. Miller
hastened up the stairs to the stewards
to tell them of the mistake. Meantime
the red board confirming the official re
sult was hoisted and thus It was held
It was too late to correct the error
even if the Judges were satisfied that
they were wrong.
The only stake of the day was the
Nassau Handicap at seven furlongs.
It was won by Orthodox from Mineola
and War Whoop. Orthodox was an
odds-on favorite and when Martin
made a wide turn with him there were
walls of dismay from thousands who
thought the rider was throwing away
his chance to win. It was seen, how
ever, that Orthodox had the race at
his mercy. War Whoop ran well for
an outsider. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five furlongrs; two-year
olds; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2— Coy Maid, 115 (HUdebd) 1 3 h 1 h
11 to 10— Niblick.- 105 (Burns).... 5 6h 2 1%
7 to 2— Escutcheon, 110 (Martin) 4 2 h 3 1
Time. :50 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, A. Miller's br. f. by Kingston-Bonnie
Gal. Flyback. Workman. Carrie Jones, Juve
naga. High Life, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mason Safely.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10. — Up to the
fifth inning Mason had not allowed
Portland a hit to-day, but In the sixth
and seventh four were gathered. Three
of them, however, were of the "In
field" order and netted but one run.
Thielman was hit hard enough by the
Argels for them to win without much
trouble by the score of 4 to 1. The
base running of the locals was a
feature. Score:
Los Anseles — -( Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A. [ AD. R. H. P.A.
Brnrd.cf 3 112 0' Drnan.cf 3 O O 1 O
Flood, ss 3 0 1 2 6' Shay, ss 4 O O 2 2
Smlth.3b 4 110 0 Ndeau.lf 4 114 1
Chnce.lb 4 0 17 2 K«ck. lb 4 0 1 « 2
Crvth. rf 2 1 2 0 0i Mrdck.rf 4 t> 0 t 0
Chase. 2b 4 11 5 3 Rnkle.-tb 3 0 13 0
Robs. If 4 0 0 3 0jSpncr.2b 4 0 0 1 3
Spies, c 3 0 2 7 O.Kellcky.cS O 1 2 O
Mason.p 4 0 0 10 Thlman.p 2 O 0 3 1
Totals.31 4 9 27 11 Totals.31 1 4 24 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Los Angeles 20000002 x— 4
Base hits 2 1 0 1 2 1 0 2 x— 9
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 I O 0 — 1
Base hits 00000130 0 — 4
SUMMARY.'
Stolen bases^ — Smith (2). Cravath <2>,
Chance, Splea. Errors— Kellackey. Flood.
Two-base hit— Cravath. Sacrifice hits — Dren
nan. Flood. First base on error— Portland.
Left on banes — Los Angelea 8. Portland 5.
Bases on balls — Off Mason 2. off Thielman 2.
Struck out — Hy Maaon 5. by Thielman 2.
Passed balls— Kellackey 2, Spies 1. Hit by
pitched ball — Bernard. Spies. Time of Ram* —
One hour and 30 minutes. Umpire — Perrlne.
For Five Innings Not a Brownie Hlta
There is a rift In the sky and an
abundance of sunshine for. the blue
and gold adherents now that the ill
ness and minor injuries which were re
ported earlier in the week have proved
comparatively trivial, and Stanford is
to find itself opposed, accordingly, by
an- aggressive, confident and deter
mined team, backed by a thousand
crackajack rooters.'
The annual smoker rally was held In
Harmon Gymnasium to-night, Stories
of football flavor were told by promi
nent members of the team, and the
coaches also favored the crowd with
reminiscences and advice.
Bis Ben Stroud is in perfect shape.
Force and Heitmuller, the giants who
are looked upon as his chief lieuten
ants, are fit to play the game of their
lives.
The new field is in splendid condition,
smooth, compact and yet resilient
enough to make an Ideal battleground
for the giants of Stanford and Califor
nia who are to measure sinews, brawn
and brains there on Saturday after
noon.
All the minor details which are to in
sure the comfort of the spectators
have been arranged by Manager Ezra
Decoto. The sale of seats is almost un
precedented. The crowd is expected to
be a record breaking assemblage. The
bleachers will seat 16,000 persons and
there will be few, if any, vacant seats
when the whittle is sounded on Satur
day afternoon.
Coach Hopper has worked with skill
and tireless energy to round his men
into championship form.* He was able
to utilize to-day almost all of the men
who are to be In the first eleven. Sned
igar's knee had been treated until it
seemed all right and he practiced to
day without apparent fear of conse
quences. Stern and Howard, who had
the measles last Saturday, showed up
in good trim to-day and went through
practice work without difficulty. Their
substitutes are not likely to get a
chance at their coveted positions.
Boothe is certain to be at quarter, his
form being superb and his spirit some
thing to remind one of Frizell. the Ne
vada fallback, who played such an ag
gressive game last Saturday against
the varsity.
BERKELEY, Nov. 10.— The blue and
gold "huskies" were taken to the new
California field for practice work this
afternoon. The field on the campus
was deserted accordingly, In marked
contrast to the spectacle it has pre
sented each day for weeks, when "co
eds" and rooters In hundreds gathered
each afternoon to watch and to cheer
the work of the California players.
Coach "Jimmle" Lanagan and Cap
tain George Clark also made speeches,
which were received with yelling and
applause. Trainer "Dad" Moulton
closed the speaking of the evening by
saying that if the condition of the men
could be taken as a forecast of Sat
urday's game Stanford would certainly
win.
R. J. McFadden, '05, exhibited a large
baggage check, two feet square, which
i3 fashioned after the small brass
watch fobs worn, and has a large
varsity "S" on one side, with room for
the score of the game below it. On
the other side is engraved the words
"Here's to your victory, Stanford."
The fob will be in charge of McFad
den, who will sit in the rooting section
Saturday.
After the speaking the rooters, carry-
Ing torches of red fire and headed by
the Stanford band in full uniform,
danced the serpentine around the quad,
after whicti the crowd marched to the
baseball field, where a large bonfire
was blazing. After a "hoodoo" effigy
was burned In the fire and yells had
been given to every member of the
team the crowd, with hats off, sang
"Hail! Stanford, Hail!" while the- fire
burned. The rooting at the rally
showed much improvement over the
former meetings held this season and
there is no doubt that the rooting Sat
urday will be the best ever done by
Stanford. Several new yells and stunts
were tried for the first time by the
yell leaders, who are much encouraged
over last night's rooting-
The burning of the Berkeley fence
was the main feature of the rally. One
thousand lusty-lunged students danced
a serpentine around the blazing Cali
fornia trophy singing cardinal songs
and shouting yells of victory and de
fiance. The California fence was taken
from Berkeley in 1899. Built in the
shape of a big C it stood on the Cali
fornia campus as a senior spot of
sanctity, each graduating class carv
ing the names of Its members on It.
After Berkeley took the Stanford ax
Stanford retaliated by silently walking
off with this enormous fence. For five
years pieces, of it have been on ex
hibition in fraternity houses and the
halls. To-night It was burned as the
Stanford hoodoo.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 10.
The final football rally before the big
intercollegiate game on Saturday was
held on the campus to-night. The
meeting was the largest and most en
thusiastic held this season- Five hun
dred rooters, four abreast, marched
from Enclna to the Assembly Hall,
whose galleries were crowded with
loyal Stanford students.
Dr. Jordan, president of the univer
sity, gave his usual address to the
team and rooters. Other faculty men
who spoke on football were Dr. Frank
Angell, chairman of the athletic com
mittee: Professor C. R. Lewers and
Professor E. D. Adams.
The second forfeits have been paid
by owners of twenty-nine sporting
dogs, pointers and setters, on their
nomination to the twenty-second an
nual derby .of the Pacific Coast Field
Trials Club. f
It is expected a Californian will be
selected to judge the event, which will
be held in January. The entries fol
low:
SETTERS.
J. E. Terry's orange and white bitch Lady
Like (Orion-Terry's Lady); same owner's
orange and white dog Rival, same breeding;
same owner's orange and white dog. Romp,
same breeding; same owner's white, black and
tan dog Kenwood (Kilgartf-Iona S); sama
owner's white, black and tan bitch Kilona.
same breeding; same owner's white, black and
tan bitch Gleam Galore (Marse Ben-Mecca II);
same owner's white, black and tan bltoh
Dainty (Count Whltestone- Mecca's Lady).
John 1L Schumacher's black and white dog
Sir Roderick (Detroit Joe-Dolores); same
owner's black and white bitch Katherlne M,
same breeding.
C. \V. Coggln's black, white and tan bitch
Lad Destine (Ch. Lady's County Gladstone-
Sport's Destine).
A. H. Nelson' b black, white and tan bitch
RRmona. same breeding as preceding.
«• W. Van Arsdale's white, black and tan
bitch Modesto, (Detroit Joe-Countess Mark);
same owner's black, white and tan dog Marl
posa, same breeding; same owner's white,
black and tan dog Mojavo (McCloud Boy- Rod's
Lark).
M. Lawrence's white and lemon bitch You
ley (Stamboul-Ruby).
Rose & Chrlstensen's white, black and tan
bitch Del Rey Bell (California Bell Boy-Coun
tess Mark).
POINTERS
W. B. Coutt's liver and white dog Bolln's
Duke (Alford's John-Florence Fauster); same
owner's black and white bitch Olive Blosaom
(Ban* Up-Mlsa Rip).
A. Gregory Cadogan's liver and white bitch
Cheiiulte (Dr. Daniels-Fan Go).
Mountain View Kennels' liver and white
bitch Fandango, same breeding; same owner's
lemon and white bitch Dotsom (Jingo's L.lght-
Sprlnr Dot).
C. E. Worden's liver and white bitch Betty
Treadwell (Dr. Daniels-Senator's Mistress
Nell).
J. W. Flynn's lemon and white bitch Nellie
P (Dr. Daniels-Senator's Mistress Nell); same
owner's lemon and white dog Romp On. same'
breeding; same owner's black and white dog
Burbank. same breeding.
Stockdale Kennels' black and white dog Bob
"White (Cuba's Zep-Nellle Wilson); same
owner's black and white dog Cuba's Japan
(Ch. Cuba of Kenwood- Winnipeg Fly) ; Fame
owner's black and white do* Cuba's Tempest.
same breeding: same owner's liver and white
dog Check Mate (Cuba Jr-Bow's daughter).
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First rac<! — Mr. Farnum, Hopeful
MLss, Southampton.
Second race — Harlequin, Colonel
"White, Whirlpool.
Third race — Benckart, Santa Luna,
Plautus.
Fourth race — Miller entry, Jake
Greenburg, Rusk.
Fifth race — Variora, Early Boy, Re-
Cuiter.
Sixth race — Dorothy Dodd, Gallce,
Juchitnh.
Condition of the track— Slow.
LATOXIA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — John F, Emergency,
Andrew 3Inck.
Second race^ — Irish Witch, Sonoma
Belle, Flammula.
Third race — Oxford, Jim Beattle,
Sufferance.
Fourth race — Aurumaster, Glisten,
The Southerner.
Fifth race — Trapper, Inspiration,
"Lucy Young.
Sixth race — Billy Roche, Alster.
Arietta.
Condition of the track — Slow. . *
Base hits— Oft Hogg 8. oft Shields 1# Er
rors — Gochnauer (2), Anderson (2). Wheeler,
"Waldron. Frisk. Van Haltren. Smith. Three
base hit — Frisk. Two-base hits — Smith. Bar
ber. Sacrifice hit — Freeman. First base on
errors — San Francisco 1. Seattle 5. First bas«
on called balls — Off Hogg- 4. Left on bases —
San Francisco 9. Seattle 3. Struck out — By
Wheeler 2. by Hogg 4, by Shields 1. Hit by
pitcher— Hlldebrand (2). Double play—Goch
nauer to Anderson to Van Buren. Time oi
gains — One hour and 45 minutes. Umpire^ —
McDonald.
SUMMARY
Base hits 3 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 — 5
San Francisco ..00100005 x— «
Base hits 0 0 1 1 1 0 1 6 x — 0
The ordinary fan does not witness
such a pretty little batting bee every
day In his life, and, especially after a
team has been playing bad baseball ail
day without being able to get more
than a pop fly or so with men on the
sacks. It was all done so quickly and
so decisively that those present hardly
realized what was coming off.
Waldron opened It up with a drive
against the right field fence that only
netted him a base. Anderson waited
for a walk, and Gochnauer fanned.
Gorton tapped out a gentle one to cen
ter and In came Waldron. Wheeler
had one that went to left and along
came Anderson. Barber bit off a
double sacker and both men arrived,
making it a deadlock. Irwin finished
up the good day's work with a smash
through the infield that netted the win
ning run. Score:
San Francisco— f Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Hldbnd.lf 10 0 3 0' r VnHn,cf 4 112 0
Meany.rf 6 0 2 0 0 . Kremn.lb 3 118 0
lrwln.3b 5 0 12 2 DInty,3b 4 1111
VnBrn.lb 5 O 1 12 0 Frisk. If 4 1 1 0 0
"VValdn.cf 4 1110 Leahy, c 4 0 0 7 O
Andsn.2b 3 112 3 Smlth.rf 4 110 0
Gochnr.sa 3 0 0 3 4 Hall. s... i 0 0 4 ..I
Gorton.c 3 112 1 Dlma8.2b 3 0 0 2
•Whleer.p 4 2 10 2 Hogg. p.. 3 0 0 O 1
Barber.lf 1112 0 Shlelds.p 0 0 0 0 9
*Blnkshlp 1 O O O O
Totals.34 6927 12
Totals.34 5 5 24 7
•Batted for Delmas In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 3 00110000—5
It Is seldom the Seals come through
with a big rally In the eighth spasm
and 'bring home the coin, but they
turned Just such a trick yesterday
afternoon. When they went In to take
their final wallop the score was 5 to
1 against them. After they were
through with Mr. Hogg and Mr.
Shields It was 6 to 5 with them.
Judging from all outward appear
ances the field for the Opening handl- j
cap at Oakland to-morrow will be a j
large and an unwieldy one. Luck will,
no doubt, cut a strong figure in the ul
timate result.
WaJter Jennings, it is figured, will
reserve Dainty for later in the season
and will let Gold Money and Arcade
represert his stable. With this dan-
Serous quantity out of the way. there
are at least twenty eligibles and It
would not be surprising to see at least
Blxteen lined up when Starter Dick
Dwyer springs the barrier. Fossil. Gold
Money, Leila. Captain Forsee. G. W.
Trahern. Bombardier, Martinmas and
Dlvina have shown to marked advan
tage in workouts, and all will receive
support to-morrow.
Following is the list of probable
starters with their weights and riders:
123 — <n«ude <
117 — K«-nllworth
116 — <Jold Money Davis
114 — Martir.raa* Kunx
113— Elliott, Daly
111— FgcfH Sherwo.-fi
110 — Albula Watson
110 — Arcade Hiljreson
110 — Nonle F. Kelly
110 — Divlna ". Jones
103 — San Nicholas Dominick
107— Evea G Fitzpatrtck
107— Ananias Reed
1 06 — Bombardier Michael*
106— a. TV. Trahern McLaughlln
3 on— Colonel Van Fountain
IOTi — Captain Forsce Kriapp
J 00 — IriFtructor Sullivan
102— Leila Larsen
100 — Gateway Herbert
Prominent among the Eastern arriv
als on last evening's Overland was E.
<..". Hopper, who comes here direct from
Latonia. Mr. Hopper will again fill the
position cf presiding judge at Oakland
and Ingleside. His fair and impartial
decisions have earned for him the re
spect and admiration of all classes of
racegoers. No more popular official
ever visited this coast.
Associate Judge Pettengill will not
reach here until after the close of the
Aqueduct meeting at New York.
Bob Smith and wife arrived here
Wednesday night from Kansas City.
Mrs. Smith has been an invalid the
Src-ater portion of the past summer and
Bob hopes that the California climate
will wcrk beneficial results in her con
dition. One day during the Chicago
fame a Windy City paper issued an
txtra stating that he "killed" the ring
for $250,000. Bob says he tried to get a
package of that brand, but couldn't
find ihf washhouse.
Louis EzpII's string of eight got in
at Oakland from Kansas City Wednes
day. Louis thinks his boy Anderson
the equal of any lightweight rider In
the country, barring possibly two or
three.
Ed Corrigran's crack horse McGee
broke down at Kansas City and was
removed from the track in an ambu
lance. The English bred fellow stood
Icr a world of drilling.
Charley Patterson. Clem Pierce and
Jockey Rosco*- Coleman are fresh ar
rivals from New York. Charley had
the crack Burns & Waterhouse colt
Humo fired and thinks he may cut
quite a figure as a three-year-old.
Helgesen. one of the best of the Chi
cago riders, is here and will have a
mount on one of the Jennings horses
in the handicap to-morrow.
Among the sixteen or more firms
which will chalk up the prices at Oak
land to-morrow will be the follow
ing: George Rose, Joe Harlan. Mel
bourne Club, Hoffman Bros., Marcus
Cartwright, Billy Engstrom, Donald
Mitchell. Henry FHttner, Brooklyn
Club and "One-Two-Three" Martin.
In a car which pulled into Oakland
mole from Chicago last evening came
Harry Froelich. who has given Califor
nia the overlook for four years; Mique
McSherry, the popular Pinkerton offi
cial; Bill Henry, the handsome broth
er-in-law of Dan Honig, the St, Louis
horseman; Eddie Dominick, the Jockey
and valet; Al Rostern of New York!
dapper and immaculate as ever* Tony
Earrett. nephew of Sheriff Barrett of
Chicago, and finally the popular and
clever turf scribe. Ed Noel, and Mrs.
Noel. Ed at present is connected with
a booking enterprise and for the nonce
has laid the pencil away.
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. L. Pet. I W. I* Pet.
Oakland 53 41 .573 .Seattle 46 43.480
Tacoma ....54 42 .562jSan Fran.... 41 49 .45«
Loa Angeles. 5o 33 .502 'Portland ...33 80 .335
ANGELS ARE STILL COMIXG.
support. The seventh was a bad
Inning for Schmidt, Oakland's twlrler.
This inning was started off by a run
ty McLaughlln, who knocked the ball
Into the grass in deep left, where it
was lost. A couple of hits and several
errors on the part of the infield filled
the bases. Then came Casey with a
three-bagger. In the seventh Tacoma
fc-ot five hits off Schmidt. Score:
Tacoma — I Oakland —
AB.K. II. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf 5 O O O 0;QanIy.rf 4 O 1 3 O
Shehn.3b 3 2 113 Ftnk9.»s -4 O O 1 4
Caaey.2b 4 12 3 3 Dnlevy.lf 3 O O 1 O
Nrdke.lb 3 2 O 15 l.Schfly,2b 3 » O 3 O
Lynch.cf 3 0 10 0 Krugr.cf 3 0 0 1 »
Rymr.ss 4 0 114 Strelb.lb 3 0 1 7 l>
McLln.lf 3 12 10 r>evn.3b 3 0 0 12
Hoitan. c 4 1 1 5 0 S?tark. c. 3 O 1 T 1
Ftzgrld.p 4 0 112 Schmdt.p 3 O O O JX
Totals. 33 7 » 27 1.V Totals. 29 O 8 24 10
RITNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 0 10 15 0 x— T
Ba?e hits 00 1 101 5 1 x— 9
Oakland O 0O0O0O 0 0— O
Base hits 0 0 0 1 O 1 0 1 0—3
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Nordyke «2). Lynch (2>. Snee
haji. Raymer, Hoga.ii. Errors — Francks (2"),
Devereaux (2), Schlafiey. Home run — Me-
Laughlin. Three-baae hit — Caaey. Sacrtflc*
I hits— Casey. Lynch. Bases on balls — Oft F1U
serald 1, oft Schmidt 5. First base on errors
— Tacoma 5. Struck out— By Fitzgerald 3. by
Schmidt 5. Double plays — Raymer to Casey
to Nordyke: Fitzgerald to Casey to Nordyke.
Time, of game — 1 :4O. Umptrn — Brown.
Boothe will do well at quarter for the blue and gold, although he
should be compelled to call for faster play. Lasater is a much more con
sistent ground-gainer through the line than Weller. Snedigar, Meade and
Kern are all as good as or better than Dole and infinitely superior to Chal
mers. Sprott should be able to handle Force. Smith and Clark on the
cardinal ends double discount the men opposite them. Heitmuller. has every
right to toy with Shields and Stroud is greatly the superior of Hyde.
Thompson and Roosevelt are excellent guards defensively and will be
able to stop many bucks.
Several men in the cardinal line do not perform their duties on the
offensive, seeming to think their work is done when their man is put out
of play. California will probably be faster than her opponents and her
tackling Is surer. Stanford has a better Interference in general. Heitmul
ler Is able to outpunt any of the cardinal kickers.
The press agents of both teams have been sending out wild tales about
crippled men and such talk is mostly buncombe- Stanford's team is in
fine condition and the California eleven is no more stale than the new
student that tries to be humorous with "prexy." The betting favors Stan
ford and on theory the cardinal should win by a small margin, but foot
ball is a peculiar game and all sorts of accidents may happen. California
Is superior offensively and has practically an even chance when It comes
to actual scoring. A wet day will make the game a toss up.
Incidentally it may be noted that the blue and gold outfit has somei
new formations and wily tricks that may bring sadness to the lada from
Palo Alto.
On the form shown during the preliminary games the Stanford football
team should be strongrer defensively in to-morrow's great contest than
the California eleven. The cardinal line has had plenty of experience, and,
according to theory, should give a splendid account of Itself. At quarter
Stanford is again stronger than her rival. Dole should be good for light
gains at almost any stage of the game. Weller showed up well last year,
but his playing this season has not been as consistent a^ his fellow stu
denta might wish. If the cardinal strikes a winning streJk Chalmers will
also make ground, but when things look dark he seems to lack aggres
sivenes?.
Splendid Meeting Is Expected
in January Next, When
the Trials Will Be Held
Orthodox Gallops In Ahead
of Mineola and War Whoop
in the Nassau Handicap
, »
Dominick and Helgesen, Two
Well Known Riders, Ar-
rive -^ Handicap Starters
MANY BOOKIES READY
Cardinal Men Rally for Last Time
DECISION IS PECULIAR
Siwashes Have a Lead of Four Runs When a
Grand Rally Is Inaugurated and Hogg'
Takes to Bench, a Beaten Pitcher.
CALIFORNIA?* TO JUDGE
California Kickers Work
Out on New Gridiron.
Score Five Times in Eighth
Kepresentative Entry Made
for the Twenty - Second
Renewal of the Derby
Niblick Given Place Instead
of Flyback in the First
Eace at Aqueduct Track
Popular IJacing Official of
Latonia to Again Preside
in the Stand at Oakland
STRENGTH OF RIVAL TEAMS
IS EVENLY DIVIDED.
JUDGE HOPPER
REACHES HERE
SPORTING DOGS
IN THE FIELD
JUDGES' RULING
PUZZLES CROWD
SEALS DEVELOP
BURST OF SPEED
FOOTBALL ELEVENS
HAVE NOW PRACTICALLY COMPLETED THEIR TRAINING AND
ON THE EVE OF THE GREAT STRUGGLE THEY ARE REPORTED
IN FINE CONDITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL/FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11. 1904.
Manager James Coffroth of tho
Yosemite Club is making an effort to
match Jimmy Britt and Jimmy Gard
ner for a twenty-round contest in this
city for the December date of the
club. Gardner has challenged Britt
and wants to fight in the worst way.
Britt says he will not meet the Low
ell man unless he makes 133 pounds
ringside.
Gardner is not a lightweight boxer
and many of the wise ones say ho
cannot even make 135 pounds. He
says he can make that weight handily
and an effort will be made to have
Britt give his consent to a match with
Gardner at 135 pounds ringside or at
6 o'clock. If this match fails to go
through the managers of the Yosem
ite Club are figuring on bringing Britt
and Corbett together provided the
latter beats Battling Nelson.
Billy Roche has been appointed ref
eree of the Corbett-Nelson bout-
Roche says the men have each posted
a »500 forfeit that neither shall leave
his training quarters within three
weeks of the battle. This has proba
bly been done to keep Corbett at hard
work and prevent him from stepping
off the narrow path while training.
Yosemitc Club Officials Are Making
an Effort to Bring the Rival
Boxers Together.
Many of the members of the San
Francisco Golf Club continue to use
the course on the Presidio reservation
for practice. It is said that some of
them are disposed, despite the harsh
treatment received from the military
authorities, to have the club remain
in its present location. Instead of go
ing out to the new grounds near In
gleside. Several members availed
themselves of the beautiful weather
on election day to make some practice
rounds of the Presidio course.
It is expected that the contest for
the women's championship of the Pa
cific Coast Golf Association, which
was to have been held on the Presidio
course April 12 to 15 but was post
poned till the August meet at Del
Monte, will take place at the end of
the present month, either on the Pre
sidio course or on the new links of
the Claremont Country Club.
The grounds and clubhouse of the
Claremont Country Club, in the mem
bership of .which are included the
members of the old Oakland Golf
Club, will be formally opened about
the end of this month. The opening
events will include a lawn tennis tour
nament, golf competitions, Scotch
bowling and other sports.
Grounds ot Claremont Country Club
Will B e Formally Opened at
End of November.
FAIR GOLiFERS.MAY HOLD
CHAMPIONSHIP CONTEST
BRITT MAY MEET GARDNER
IN . THIS CITY NEXT MONTH
Weil-Known Horseman Dies.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Alfred
Lakeland, a well-known horseman,
died to-day at Brighton ' Beach
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The fol
lowing; Californlans .are In "Washing
ton: At the Raleigh — Ludwig Schiff,
Sol Schlfl! and L. Harris and wife of
Los Angeles, and Mrs. C. K. Lloyd * of
San Francisco: At the New Willard—
Mrs. G. H. Selbe of San Francisco and
Rufus P. Jennings of San Francisco.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHAINS
Set wilh Diamonds,
Pearls, Semi- Precious
Stones.
A WIPE RANGE OF
PRICES ALL BASED
UPON FAIRNESS.
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and
Silversmiths \
/°*| 1C4-110 Geary Street v^\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Trunks
and Bags
Arriving every week. Our stock
of trunks, suit cases and leather
goods is absolutely without peer
in the city. We would be glad
to .show you our line of goods
even if you don't buy. Come and
see us.
A. B. Smith Co.,
,: 116 Ellis Street
hy Wo o°r ck c. t^- — ra
WI1V ?" REV E * BARBER CO..
IJa Market «.' and 521
— Kearny st.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
[ 629 HEARM ST. rstablishwl
\ln IH54 for the treatment of rrivati-
f Dlwwes. L,»t Manhood. Debility or
»<»;wa8» wearlngon body anil mind an. I
l*Kln Pisvn^es. The Doctor eur«"i wl. en
Anthers fall. Try htm. Charges low.
_, . _ ¦*"" r »* »»«n»Mt**«I. ChII or write.
*>f- *• *- «iniIOSI, Sau Fr»cv:laco. C*tProtests were filed- yesterday with
the Supervisors by Christy
and S. M.-and S. B. Robinson : against
the granting of a franchise to the
Santa Fe Railway Company for a
steam road along portions of Maripo
sa, Seventh, Sixteenth and Hubbell
streets." The protest says that . the
property of the protestants on Mari
posa street would be damaged" by the
proposed changes of grades and that
the proposed' franchise ia sought not
for the purpose of benefiting the gen
eral public, but for the purpose of ac
commodating certain patrons of the
Santa 1 Fe Company. It is further set
forth that: Seventh- street will be\cov
ered by three \ pairs* of : parallel , tracks
and would destroy ; the. thoroughfare
as an artery of communication.
Protests Against Franchise.
fnit»d Etates Ooart and Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Height of Hich and I.or Wat»r.<
at Fort Point, rntnncc to 6in F»anclaro
Bay. Published by official authority cf the
Eur*rln«endenl. . . . .
NOTE— The hijh and low waters oocur at
ireso iruit*. 44 pkrs -onions. 10^8 pkgs pota
totx. &efe cs assorted canned roods. 123 cs
«-_ar_*i salmon. a&«a lbs rice, 106 pkgs table
jirtrparaticw-". 34 cs baking powder. W60 lbs
bran. _<j rkgs fresh vegetables, 20 ctls barley.
40 bales hay, 8 cs mineral water. 162 gals W
cs wfcitky, 11 cs liquors. 380 lbs hops. 10.768
lbs 21 c« <2rie«J fruit, 2545 lbs raisina. 813 pkgs
I 1 -* 5 *. 23M Ib* siilcos, &007 lbs sago. 53 pkgs
crocerj** and provisions. 2942 lbs cheese, 142
lbs lard, 4210 lbs tea, 1512 lbs 5 pkgs ham and
bacon, 3.',tef> lbs bread. 84 cs olives, 610 lbs
codfish, 2473 lbs nuts, 32 pkgs vinegar, 23«>l
Ibc » cs butter. ¦ 872 lbs glucose. 2000 lbs sugar,
JJ»S,013 lbs coffee. 47.435 ft lumber. 27.310 lbs
taliow. 38 M!s 304 i>es iron. 236 pkgs 20 pes
pipe, 23 bdli> 48 pes steel. 1S5 pkgs paints and
nils. 41._O0 Jb« boneblack. 2S8 pk«s machinery.
100 cs blasting fuse. 7 cs blasting- cartridges.
H baJe« bags, 99 Mis paper, 39 pkgs acid. 60
Ikgs neils and eplkrs, 72 cs 1 bbl lubricating
oil. 400 railroad tie*. 12 pkgs arms and ammu
r-itlon, 8; pkgs Ironware. 341 coils mt>e, 40
I k^s electrical good*. &242 lbs zinc, 1359 bdls
t-hocks. _<nS Ibr sodium. 5454 lbs soda.. 20.0-0
lbs eulpbur. 3 4i> Fks coal. 1O cks coke, TO bzs
'¦an<Ilee. M> cs coal oil. 2O pksrs dry gioods, 20
r.e,ske quicksilver, 361*5 lbs blueftcne. 12 tons
|>ig iron. 12 c» tar, 15 bdls wagon material. 40
' ar whecJi, 3 cyls ran. 3 cyls ammonia.
•
Pun. Moon and Tide.
4588 g_Us 0 cs wine. 11 bbls flour, lots p_gs
The- steamer Curacao, which sailed on Mon
day for Guaymas, Mexico, carried an assorted
cargo consigned to tbe port of destination and
ether Mexican ports, valued at (72.493. T_e
Jollc*rir_: were the principal shipments:
Tlie Curacao's Cargo.
TO LECTURE ON DANTE. — The last of the
eerles of lectures on Dante under the aus
pices of the South Park Settlement will be
given to-night.
TO ARRIVE.
Eteamer. From. \ Due.
Northland fan Pedro Nov. 11
Chehalis Grays Harbor Nov. 11
TV. Kruser.-.i Humboldt Nov. 11
North Fork., i Humboldt (Nov. 11
Coptic I China & Japan Nov. 11
Aztec I Kobe Nov. 12
Barracouta. . j New Tork via Ancoa.. Nov. 12
Eonita ! Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 12
TTmatllla ' Pug't Sound Ports Nov. 12
Eureka i Humboldt Nov. 12
S.Barbara..* San Pedro Nov. 12
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Nov. 12
Ban Pedro Humboldt , Nov. 12
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor Nov. 13
Corona Humboldt '. • • Nov. 13
S. Monica Grays Harbor Nov. 13
Redondo Portland & Astoria Nov. IS
Arctic Humboldt Nov. 13
Alliance j Portland 4 "Way Ports. Nov. 13
Centralla I Fan Pedro Nov. 14
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Nov.. 14
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Nov. 13
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 15
G W. Elder.. Portland Sc Astoria Nov. IS
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 16
Peru New York via Ancon.. Nov. 16
Aurella Portland i- Astoria.... Nov. lfl
Pomona...... Humboldt ...Nor. 18
Msriposa..;.. Tahiti , Nov. 17
Queen Puget Sound Ports iNov. 17
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Nev. 17
! Santa Rosa. . Pan Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 17
Argo Eel River Ports Nov. 17
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Nov. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 17
Coronado. Grays Harbor Nov. 17
1 Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 19
! Saxonla Hamburg & Way Pt_. Nov. 20
I Mene* Hamburg & Way Pt_. Nov. 20
(Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 20
Sonoma Sydnpy _; Way Ports. Nov. 21
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Xfovem.er 11. I
Northland..! Astoria & Portland! 5 pm Pier 27
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 1 pmlPier 2
Sequoia ! Willapa Harbor ... 12 mlPier 20
M. Dollar., i Graye Harbor 4 pmiPIer 20
j Elizabeth., j Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 20
J City Peublai Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay..-| San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier, 11
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahul.il. 11 am Pier 2-3
Chehalis Loo Angeles Ports. 11 amjPler 2
v November 13. j
Chlco. CoquiHe River 6 pm Pier 2
Kewburg..-i Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Amroon Hamburg & Way. 10 amIPier 19
Acapulco N. T. via Ancon.. 12 m'Pier 10
Argo Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
¦ Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
4 Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pmlPier 8
j Arcata Coos B & Pt. Orfd 10 am'Pier 13
\ S Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier S
I Ban Pedro. . Lo* Angeles Ports.] 2 pm Pier 2
> - November 13.
6 Monica... Loe- Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Columbia.. Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 24
S Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 14.
Ontralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka 'Humboldt 12 m Pier 18
N Fork I Humboldt 8 am|Pier 20
i ; Jfcvember 15.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p'Pier 9
' Iton'.'.a I Newport & Way.. 9 amiPler 11
I Manchuria. : China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
i Callfornlan . j New York Pier 23
; Alliance.... 1 Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
• Redondo... Astoria* Portland 1 pm Pier 2
! November 16.
i Arctic. ..... Humboldt 8 amIPier 2
Umatilla Pu»tet Sound Ports. » am'Pier 11
I November 17. I
I Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amIPier 11
Kovember 18. I
G. W. Elder, Astoria & Portland 11 am'Pier 24
I November 19. I
Alameda... Honolulu 11 amIPier 7
Cy Panama N. T. via Ancon.. 12 mlPier 10
Aurella - Astoria & Portland S pmlPier 27
November 21. - |
Queen Puret Sound Port-. 11 amIPier 9
~~~ FROM' EEATTLEL -y
Eteamer. ¦¦ Destination. Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 11
Dolpnin Skagway & Way. Port*. Nov. 12
Eanu Ani... Seldovia & Way Pert*. Nov. 16
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 16
Jefferson Fkagway & Way Ports. Nov. 18
Faxalloa Ekaeway & Way Ports. INov. i_
The adjourned 'convention of the
Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union was held in Plymouth Congre
gational Church last night It opened
with a praise and prayer service. The
reports of the secretary and treasurer,
followed, after which officers were
elected, Jdhn W. Hatch again being
chosen president. The Christian En
deavor Union of the Sunset Congrega
tional Church won the banner for
having the largest number of Its mem
bers In attendance. After an address
by Rev. Huber Burr the meeting
closed with the Mizpah benediction.
3_ndeaTorcrs - 3Ieet.
onions, 13 (k£S .'n>h vegetables, ."4S cs as
sorted canned foods, fcfi rkjrs table prepara
tions. 71*77 lbs.M cs bread, 125 pkps groceries
tind proristocn. 76 pkgs paste, 2$ cs chocolate.
15 ca- brandy. 10.234 ca!s T ct wine, 550 gals
.4 cs whisky, 6Q pkgs b«er, 2532 lbs 3 cs
sugar, -34.000 lbs salt, 4S40 lbs 12 cs lard, 840
lbs ccftee, 3710 lbs 3 c* ham and bacon, 23C8
lbs dried fish, 610 cs canned e&lmcn, 40 pkgs
pickled salmon. 24&S Ibc 5 cs c&ndy. 3800 lbs
2 cs codflsh. «00 lbs 7 cs tobacco. 785, 130 lbs
fertilizer. 400 bbls <J ska lime, 47 pkgs dry
»¦¦¦«>. SO ca boots and shoes. 119 pkg* paints.
114 bxs soap. 15 rkpn electrical supplies, 20
cs druss, S» pkes machinery, S> pk#s leather.
SI bajes paper bags, ¦'.<;' cs coal oil, 3 cs arms
»n<J ercraunition, 1*> bbls Ur, S colls rope. 1145
fks coal, 13 hClu C5 pes pipe, 7 bbls 13 cs oils.
14 baJcs bags.
Tfce lUtnwr Enterprise sailed on Wednesday
for Kiio with * general merchandise cargo.
•¦ a!ued mx 5--7.r^ s . and including the follow
::..: £50 bbls flour, 7060 ctU barley. 332 ctls
¦¦•.i-ftt. 12 ctU oats. 134 ctis corn, 27&.6O3 Its
br&n. 31.&21 lbs middlings, 2270 lbs ahorts.
:.::<» bales bay, 77C1 lbs b«ans, 2796 lbs but
ter, 231S2 lbs 5 cs cheese, 374b lbs f reth meat,
035 Ibe drefcsed poultry, 217,070 Ibr rice, ola
: r. m - zrefii £rult«. 4&4 pk«s potatoes, 87 pkg.s
Merchandise for Hllo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Th« British (.hip Dalcairnie is charter** for
lumber from Puiret Bound to Melbourne or
Ae>:s.:Ck at SOs «d.
The French barks L* PUier and Versailles
and the French *hip Champlgny will proceed
to Australia la bailast.
G. H. O'Day, a Southern Pacific !
conductor, made a complaint at]
police headquarters yesterday morning 1
against Special Officers Slattery and \
Swift of the Belvedere, 30 O'Farrell
street. He said he attended the Co
lumbia Theater on Wednesday night
and on leaving he had something to
eat in a restaurant. Then he went to
the Belvedere and had a glass of beer.
A& he was entering the main' hall the
two -special officers grabbed him by
the throat and shoulders and threw j
him out. When he protested they ar- \
rested him for being drunk and he was :
kept in the City Prison till discharged
yesterday morning. He declared that }
he was not drunk and that his arrest
was an outrage. The two specials will
bo asked for an explanation. •
Says He Was Xot Drunk.
xn\vs or the ocean.
The plaintiff in the second suit is
'Frank J. Hellen. manager of the Tus
can Springs. He asks $10,000 dam
ages for a libel published In the Ex
aminer on October 8, wherein it, was
stated that the defendant had com
mitted frauds in his management of
the property.
Two suits were filed in the United
States court yesterday against E. B.
Wallbridge to recover an aggregate
of 521,000 damages for alleged libel
and fraud. The plaintiff in the first
case is th"e Tuscan Mineral Springs
Company. It is charged that on July
20, 1903, the defendant, intending to
defraud, falsely represented to the
plaintiff that the springs were of great
value and contained health restoring
properties and that the profits of the
business had amounted to $14,000 for
the twelve months immediately pre
ceding that date. It is alleged that
there was no profit in the business;
that springs Nos. 6, 8 and 15 were
dry and gave no water whatever, and
that the defendant, in order to. de
fraud the plaintiff, had the springs ar
tificially filled with ordinary drinking
water devoid of any mineral proper
ties whatsoever.
It is charged further that, relying
upon the fraudulent representations
of the defendant, the plaintiff expend
ed $11,000 upon rents and improve
ments. The plaintiff wants that sum
returned.
Serious Allegations Filed
Against . Former Manager
of Pretty .Rural Resort
tor Europe in a few days. Union-street wharf
is crowded with freight that is to be loaded
Irto tin eteamer.
The steamship Acapulco will leave Howard
«tr*et wharf Saturday at coon for Panama
£E3 way ports.
Th* Oceanic liner Alazncdx Is due from
Hc&olulu cext Tu»»d*y.
The big German steamer Ammon of the
Konnoa line came in port yerterday from
Seattle to complete her cargo for Antwerp and
Hsrnberr. She will start around Cape Horn
Th« steamer Nevadan will sail a.t 11 o'clock
thi» mcrRing- from Greeawich-rtreet wharf for
Honolulu. Tfce Pacific Mall steamer Barra
couta is £ue to-morrow from Paaama.
Water Front Xotes
TUSCAN SPRINGS
GO INTO COURT
. Memoranda.
SAVANNAH. Nov 10— Stmr Finance, from
ANCON— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr City of
Sydney, hence Oct 8.
COLON — Arrived Not 8 — Stmr Yucatan,
from New York.
Sailed Nov $» — Stmr Advance, for New York.
HAMBURG — Sailed Nov 6— Ger stmr Sera
pls. for Sa:: Francisco.
COLOMBO — Sailed Xov 5 — Kuan atmr Ali
cante, for Llverrxjol. \ ,
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Nov 10 — Bark Kalii
lanl. hence Oct 20.
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed Nor 8— Schr
Sadie, for Ean Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Corona,
hence Nov 9: stmr Arctic, hence Nov 9; stmr
Eureka, hence Nov 9.
, Arrived Nov 10 — Stmra Eureka and Acme,
hence Nov 9.
Sailed Nov 10 — Schr John A and stmrs
North Fork, Noyo and W H KruKer, for Ban
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG —.Arrived Nov 10— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Nov 9.
BELLINGHAM — Arrived Nor 10 — Schr Wil
lie R Hume, hence Nov 1.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 10— Br ship Dun
reiKjan, from Newcastle, Axis: atmr G W
El<i?r, hence Nov 8.
Sailed Nov 10^ — Schr Irene, for San Pedro.
Arrived Not 10 — Ger bark Nauarchos, from
Yokobjma.
Sailed Not 10 — Stmr Whlttler, for San Fr&n
c!«co.
TATOOSH ISLAND— Passed In Nov 10— Schr
Bt'.mson. from Redondo, for Ballard; schr
Balnbridge, hence Oct 29 for Port Blakeley.
Passed in Nov 10 — Nor atmr Tltania, from
San,D!ego, for Oyster Harbor: Br shin Mool
tan. from Acapulco, for British Columbia.
NEWPORT— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Louise,
for Umpqua.
REDONDO — Arrived Not 10 — Stmr Argyll,
hence Nov 8; stmr Bee. from Eureka; «tmr
Bonlta. hence Nov 7.
Sailed Nov 10 — Stmr Bonita, for San Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Nor.
wood, for Ksn Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Not 10—
Stmr Central la. for San Pedrb.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Brook
lyn hence Nov 6: schr Bangor, from Everett.
Sailed Nov 10 — Stmr Alcatraz, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Nov 10— Stmr
Coronado. ¦ hence Nov 7.
SAN PEDRO — Arived Nov 10— Stmr Samoa,
hence Nov 8; stmr Bonlta, hence Nov 7.
Sailed Nov 10 — Stmr South Bay. for San
Francisco; Mmr Shasta, for San Francisco,
stmr Bonlta, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS. Nov 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
Thursday. Nxrr. 10.
U S stmr Dlx. Ankers, 88 hours from Ta
coma; bound to Manila; put in to finish
loading.
Oer Btmr Ammon. Jorgenson 8 days and 5
hours from Seattle; bound to Hamburg; put In
to finish loading.
Stmr Breakwater, Eeaman, SS hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 12 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Strand, 88 hours from
Tacoma, via Seattle &5 hours; bound south;
put in to land passengers.
Stmr Gualala. Kalnln, 12 hours from Bonus
Landing.
Stmr Pomona, Swanscn. 19 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 42 hours rrom
Bandon.
Stmr EmDlre, Burtls, 66 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Navarro. Jacobs, 11 hours from Bowtni
Landing-.
Btmr Chico. Martin 47 hours from Bandon.
Etmr Santa Alexander. 41 hours from
San Diego, etc. . *
Etmr Maggie. Eagles, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Pasadena, Henrickeen, 80 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, MacGenn. B6 hours from Coos'
Bay, via Port Orford 47 hours,
Schr Ids, A. Campbell, fi hour* from Point
Reyes.
Schr Bessie K, Et&rk, 10 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday. Nov. .10.
Stmr Coos Bay, Leland, San Pedro; PaciSc
Const Eteamshlp Company.
Etmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and Byd
ney; J D Soreckels & Bit* Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, Victoria and
way ports: Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Br ship Brodick Caatle, Olsen, Sydney; Hind,
Rolpb &. Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, Not. 10.
U S etmr Hugh McCulloch, Rogers, San
Pedro.
Stmr 8tate of California, Nlcolson. Ban
Diego.
Ftmr Margie. Eagles, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette. Honolulu and
Sydney.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Eureka.
Stmr National City, Hammar, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Strand, San Pedro
Stmr Pomo. Ahlln, Albion.
Br ship Westgate. Strickland. Ipswich.
Br bark Weathersfleld. Cooper. Fremantle.
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, Iversons Landing.
Schr Ja» A Garfleld, Norby, Columbia River.
Schr Oakland. Ewart, Sluslaw River.
Schr Newark, Hansen, Stewarts Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SHIPPING IXTEHiIGE>'CE.
Movement* of Steamers.
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places. •'
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 11.
Sun rises 6:47
Run sets .' 5:01
Moon cots 6:51 p. m.
« iTime! [Time Time! Tlmel
2 Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft
g 1HW| [L W H W| L W|
11 2:50! 4.71 7:24| 3.1[ 1:30! 6.2 8:2Sj— 0.2
12 8:4e! 4.7 8:25 3.2| 2:2*] 4.S 9:20 0.1
13 4:45! 4.7! »:3T 3.2 S:24j 4.4 10:14 O.5
14 5:S8 4.711:02 8.1 4:35| 4.0 l U:06 0.9
15 6:27i 4.8 12:17 2.» 5:47 3.9|11:5S 12
19 1 7.C9J B.Oj 1:15 2.5 7:00! 8.8;
NOTE — In the above exposition cf the ttdaa
th« early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
I sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except whetf a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of th« lower low waters.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building- was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
L' •-. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
. • Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco Cal.,
Novembep 10. 1904.
sfc'.p Troop, ninety-four day? between Manila
End Et. He!er.a. per c«nt; Swedish bark
Klnn. 107 days between 13u«»noe Ayres and
Fa!nx>uth. 25 per oent: Italian ship Shenlr.
ir»« dcys between N«w Tcrk and Brisbane, 6
iier cent. • -•
The. reinsurance on th« German ehi$> Sirene,
long orerdue from port, has taker, another
Jump cpwcr4 ar.d landed at S5 per cent. This
b & lofty rate, but the vessel tailed 104 days
&gn frora Liverpool bound for Valparaiso, and
nfn with a series cf calms and the most un
favorable weather she should be showing up
tcmewher* off the Jcwer end of South Amer
ica.
The other overdue vessels are the British
Ilich Reinsurance.
has outfitted In this port and returned here
w:th twr catch of oil and bone, but Captain
v. ing. her owner, will change her home har
bor. She will In the future go back to Ne-w
IJedford and h»r cruising ground hereafter
v.ill be the North Atlantic.
Back to New Bedford.
The weil-kr.own whaling bark Charles W.
Hcrpan will eoon ea.ll out through the Golden
3ate for the last time. For many rear* she
WANTS REPRESENTATION ON BOARD.
Rev. John Rogers of St. Brendan's Church
appeared before the Supervisors' Police Com
mittee yesterday and urged that th© Catholics
have representation on the board of Directors
of the Ladies' Seamen's Friend Society, which
has petitioned the board for a renewal for
five years of the lease of the Sailors' Home.
Action on the petition was postponed until
Wednesday, November 23, to give the. direc
tors an opportunity to consider Father Rog
ers' application. _ . •
AMENDMENT FOR COURT RULE.—Sec
retary D. 8. Hlrshberg of <he Lawyers' Club
of California Is asking each Judge and attor
ney In San Francisco for his opinion on a
proposed amendment to the rules of the Su
perior Court Intended to relieve the crowded
condition of the calendars. The amendment
provides that causes shall be set for trial In
open court upon two days' written notice:
motions to set aside may be made at the open
ing of court daily, except Saturday: causes
shall be set for the earliest day convenient
to the court; continuances must be asked at
least three day* before the day set; no casa
shall be continued for more than two weeks,
and causes dropped from the ready calendar
may be reset on two days' notice-.
MAIL FRAUD ARRESTED.— William F.
Jurgens was arrested yesterday by Postofflce
Inspector James O'Connell on a charge of
using the malls to defraud. It Is alleged that
on October 1 Jurgens wrote to Mrs. Eliza A.
Holmes of Sacramento and others that a lady
had won a valuable prize at & guessing con
test of customers of the "G. 8. Ward House
Furnishing Company," but did not care to be
known in the matter, and that the other
women could receive th© prize on remitting 1
80 cents to cover express charges.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE MEETS.— At a
meeting of the Chamber of Commerce trustees
held yesterday it was decided that If possible
a representative should be sent to the Inter
national Exposition at Liege, Belgium, next
year to represent this city In the congress of
Chambers of Commerce. A communication
was received from the owners of the Kosmos
line In Hamburg, Germany, stating that an
attempt would be mado to give local shippers
a better service than heretofore.
SAULTERS IS " CONVICTED.— John C.
Sautters wa» tried before a jury In Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday on a charge of as
sault to murder. The Jury returned a verdlot
of assault with a deadly weapon. Saulters
on August 24 quarreled with Bessie Mayes
in her room at 111 Grant avenue about money,
and, pulling a revolver out of his pocket,
threatened to kill her. Policeman Robert
Connor was summoned and Saulters turned
the weapon on him. During the struggle the
weapon was discharged and the bullet lodged
In the woman's shoulder.
DETBCTTVB BUREAU BUES.— A suit for
(5000 damages was brought against T. J.
Pierce yesterday by the United States Mercan
tile Detective Police Bureau, which charges
him with breach of contract and the circula
tion of stories which have Injured the con
cern's stability and financial standing. Pierce
was employed as a collector at (CO a month
and gave a cash bond of (200. It Is said that
he has made false reports to the company's
stock subscribers and to the 'banks.
MRS. HANNA DIES SUDDENLY.— Mrs.
Katie Haona died suddenly at her residence,
436% Sixth street, yesterday morning. Sh»
had been drinking heavily and had com
plained for several days of pains about the
heart. Last Wednesday night she accident
ally fell down stairs and bruised her forehead.
She was put to bed by Mra? Davis, the land
lady, nSd war found dead at half past 5 In
the morning. She was married and S3 years
old. , •
DRIVER SAID TO BE EMBEZZLER. — F.
A. Holbrook. manager and owner of the City
Delivery Company, obtained a warrant from
Police Judge Mogan yesterday for the ar
rest of John Mclntosh, -a driver, on a charge
of misdemeanor embezzlement. It Is alleged
that he has collected amounts aggregating
over (100 and appropriated the money. The
particular amount named in the warrant la $24.
McGINN WANTS DAMAGES.— The suit of
Joseph McGinn against Sheriff Curtis to recov
er $290 for alleged unlawful seiture of house
hold goods was on trial yesterday before Jus
tice Daniels. The testimony disclosed that a
levy was made under a judgment against Mc-
Ginn and his wife, but that McGinn had never
been served with the papers In the suit. The
case was submitted on briefs.
TO PHOTOGRAPH DOCUMENTS.— Carter
P. Pomeroy, attorney for Mary G. Stone and
the Mercantile Trust Company, contestants of
the codicil to the will of the late Samuel Da
vis, yesterday gave notice that he would move
In court on November 16 for an order permit
ting: him, to Inspect and photograph all of the
documents bearing on the case. In the posses
sion of the executor, Julius Rels.
Society is taking an animated inter
est in the events and there has been
ample provision made for the occu
pants of automobllesNind carriages to
witness the sports. Major Van Vliet
is in charge of the arrangements and
this is a guarantee of a fine pro
gramme.
.- The transport Sherman, which
sailed from here on November 1, ar
rived at Honolulu on Wednesday at
noon and was expected to depart from
that port for Manila yesterday.
Lieutenant J. E. Morris, Tenth In
fantry, on leave, is at the Occidental.
Lieutenant Ulysses S. Grand Third,
Engineer Corps, U. S. A., is a passenger
on the transport Thomas, due here
next Tuesday.
Charles Esplin. who has recently
returned from Manila, where he has
been engaged in business for the last
six years, is the guest of Lieutenant
G. C. Rockwell at the Presidio.
Preparations for the bigr athletic
tournament that is to take place at
the Presidio beginning next Thursday,
November 17, and to last until Satur
day, are occupying much attention.
Officers and enlisted men from the
entire Department of California will
participate. It will be the largest
event of its kind ever held on this
coast. The events will be novel and
interesting. There will be no charge
to witness the events, but seats in the
grandstand will be 25 cents. The
amount derived from this is to help
pay for the prizes.
Elaborate Preparations Are Being
Made for Department Sports at
the Presidio.
OLD WHALING BARK CHARLES W. MORGAN, WHICH FOR MANY YEARS
HAS OUTFITTED IN THIS PORT FOR HER CRUISES IN THE ARCTIC. IS
TO LEAVE THE PACIFIC AND RETURN TO NEW BEDFORD.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
ATHLETIC TOURNAMENT IS
EXCITIXG MUCH INTEREST
Colon, for New York, was towed Into Tybee
Roads, with rudder gene.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Tlm«.)
SAN. FRANCISCO, Nov. 10 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
ixratures are reported for previous- day;
Boston 42-30 New York ..' 4S-4O
Chicago «-30 Philadelphia 4S-40
Cincinnati 50-38 Plttsburg 60-40
Honolulu, H.' I.. 80-04 St. .Louis 46-38
Jacksonville 72-60 Washington 64-80
.New Orleana 73-58
SAN FRANCISCO 7O-64
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same data
last season, and th* rainfalls In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — '24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka '...'. 0.00 5.71 0.13
Red Bluff 0.00 9.13 l.tttt
Sacramento 0.00 G.5O O.r»
San Francisco 0.00 7.53 0.72
Fresno 0.00 5.94 0.09
Independence ....'. 0.00 0.47 0.42
S. L. Obispo 0.00 4.59 ; 0.00
Los Angeles 0.00 1.13 0.48
San Diego 0.00' 0-16 0.07
~~ COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. * 'lUigS. |* %
; I I : r f
Baker 30.28 60 28 SE Clear .00
Carson 30.16 «0 28 NW Clear .00
Kureka 20.98 66 48 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.06 74 42 B Clear .00
S. E Farallon.29.94 67 58 NB Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30. OS 44 24 .. Clear .00
Pocatello 30.30 54 28 SE Clear .00
Independence .30.06 74 50 S Clear .00
Los. Angeles.. 29. 88 88 60 W* Clear .0O
Mt Tamalpals.29.9S 60 63 NTV Pt.Cldy .00
North Head.. 30.00 "0 60 NW Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.96 78 48 E Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 29. 90 77 59 SB Cloudy .00
Portland ,62
Red Bluff 29.96 72 40 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburr 3O.00 58 42 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..29.98 70 46 W Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.28*54 36 NW Clear .00
San Franclsco.29.!)S 70 54 N Pt.Cldy .00
S. L. ObUpo..29.90 90 5S E Clear .00
San Diego 23.80 68 62 NW Clear :00
Seattle 30.04 50 40 W Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.22 56 30 E Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.02 f.4 50 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. 30. 18 54 36 W Clear .00
Winnemucca .30.18 64 24 N Clear .00
Yuma 23.90 t>2 48 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is falling slowly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Slope. .
Cloudy weather is reported along the coast
from San Francisco northward.
The temperature continues high in South
ern California.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 11:
Northern California — Cloudy Friday; light
east winds; cooler along the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; cooler;
light east winds, changing to westerly.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
fresh northesat wind.
Ijos Angeles and vicinity — Fair Friday; cool
er; light northeast wlndc, changing to west-
Sacramento — Cloudy; cooler Friday; light
north wind, changing: to southerly.
Fresno — Cloudy Friday: fresh east winds.
A O. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Sidney Rimmer, 12 years old, and {
Norman Railton, two years his Junior, j
are, according to the police, among the !
worst burglars that have infested the j
Mission district. They have been in ;
trouble almost since they learned to J
walk and have' spent several terms ¦,
with the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society.
They are now under arrest on, two
charges of burglary to which they hava
confessed.
They entered the residence of Mrs.
Charles Evers, 309 Shotwell street, last
Saturday afternoon and stole two gold I
watches and a stick pin. They climbed !
to the roof by means of a ladder and j
forced open a door into the attic. Then !
they broke a hole In the ceiling with
axes and dropped through it to the
bedroom below, where they found the
articles. Mrs. Evers was absent at the
time. i
They also broke into the saloon of|
J. O'Reilly, 1401 Valencia street, on
Tuesday afternoon. while the place was
closed during the polling hours. En
trance had been effected by breaking
the glass in the rear door and pushing
back the bolt. They broke open the
cash register and stole $24 45. Frank
Lynch and Richard Windrow, who had
been arrested on suspicion by Police
man Kelleher, were released from cus
tody yesterday morning after the con
fession of the boys.
With the money taken from C^Reil
ly's cash register Rimmer and Railton
went to San Mateo. accompanied by"
another boy, Howard Holbrook. where
each purchased a revolver and am
munition, intending to start out as
footpads. Constable Sheehan saw them
and took them in charge. ! He notified
the police and Detectives Graham and
Fitzgerald went to 8an Mateo on Wed- ¦
nesday night and brought them back. !
When searched they had $17 65 of the
money taken from O'Reilly's cash
register still in their possession and one
of the gold watches stolen from Mrs.
Evers' residence. The trio will be
taken before the Juvenile Court this j
afternoon. . . : *.i
The trial will be resumed Monday
morning. Mrs. Tabor Is represented
by Attorney A. B. Treadwell.
A jury in Judge Graham's depart
ment yesterday heard the beginning
of the case of Octavia Tabor against
Charles H. Rogers and George W. and
Teresa Shriner for $30,000 damages for
false imprisonment. The plaintiff was
on the stand most of the day. Officer
White, who made the arrest, and Offi
cer Flynn, who escorted her back from
the station, told their stories briefly.
The Shriners conduct the Hotel Re
sina. Rogers is Mrs. Shriner's brother
and was engaged to marry Mrs. Tabor.
On the night of January 31 last he is
said to have accused his - fiancee of
stealing his watch and a diamond pin.
He had her taken to' the City Hall sta
tion.
Mrs. Tabor said she had never been
charged with wrongdoing before. Her
evidence was interesting. She studied
vocal music for nine years, one of her
teachers being Ugo Talbo, and she
intended to teach for a living, but the
incident upon which the suit is based
interfered with her plans, and now she
is doing typewriting. Under the cross
examination of Judge Maguire, repre
senting the defense, it was brought out
that Mrs. Tabor is the divorced wife
of Samuel Tabor, a traveling man.
Last year, when she was living in the
Mercantile Library | building an officer
searched her rooms for evidence of the
person or effects of a San Francisco
attorney, at the instance of the lat
ter's wife, but found nothing.
The plaintiff said she was introduced
to Rogers at the Regina. They be
came friendly at a later meeting at the
home of a Miss Williams, and next
day she visited. him at his home on
Shotwell street. At the invitation of
himself and his housekeeper she re
mained all night and shortly after they
were engaged.
On the unfortunate day In January
she went to San Mateo wth a
friend and returned to the Re
gina in the evening. The Shrin
ers and Rogerses, she says, were
playing cards, and after the game
they had two drinks of Tom and Jerry.
At this time a man named Brodie jok
ingly took the watch from Rogers'
pocket and Rogers expressed surprise
that he "could have been fooled." La
ter Rogers and Mrs. Tabor went out
for oysters. When they returned she
asked him what time it was. The
watch was gone and, according to the
witness, he grabbed her by the arm,
dragged her upstairs to the room of
the Shriners and declared that she had
stolen his watch and also a diamond
pin which he had lost at the beach a
week before, j Her protestations of in
nocence were In vain and an officer
was sent for, who took her to Jail.
There Rogers said he had decided not
to prosecute the case.
She said ' that Rogers wanted to
patch the thing up, but she decided to
leave the hotel, whereupon he offered
to pay the 515 roam rent which would
have been due, but she declined to ac
cept it.
Pacific wharf was crowded yesterday
afternoon when the Oceanic liner Sierra
straightened out for a run to the An
tipodes. Every one on her large pas
senper list stood on deck and called
good-bys across the steamship's rail?
to the friends left behind. Even as the
big vessel went down the bay the white
bits cf handkerchiefs fluttered the last
farewells between Fhip and chore.
Among the passengers was Sol Sheri
dan, the well known newspaper man
and war correspondent, who goes to
Honolulu, where he will take an edi
torial position on the Advertiser, 7 : a
journal published in that city. The
list also includes Captain Henry W.
Ljon, O. S. X., and wife. He will as
sume command of the naval station at
Inspecting the Perry- Boats.
Secretary llttc-alf of the Department of
Ccir.merc* and L_bor and Admiral K«npf.
V. !?. N.. who are makiap an official inspection
of the shipping on thie roast, yesterday viiitej
ttif rt«unern of the Key route ferry system.
Ac-ct^rr-THn-.d by Puperintcr.dent Duniey of the
Ft- Railroad Company. Captain O. F.
Bcilea ar.d John K. Bulper the wcretary and
tht admiral made a thoroush inspection or
the Perry steamers San Jose and Yerha Buer.a.
Th* crew »er# exer< it=ed in fira drill and lour.i
tu be i>r.-.5cuf-iit in hainilinp the fire hose anJ
Itozt*. Life preservers and other *quipmencE
¦"•-re found in first-clitB order. The inspve
ttoa wiU continue till the life-saving ap
paratus of every ferry ar.d transportation ays-
Jem In the harbor, is examined.
l"ii!c»adins the 3Ixmchurta.
The alancr.ur;a oarap ir.to the slip at the
Pacific Mail dock yesterday and all
BlCbt Captsirs Wilscn and his gang of «teve
cores worked fwinpingr htr 0000 tons of carjro
• i the wharf. The first Item of freipht was
*X0uo,i»0w worth or *i:k. then came the teas
anu other articles the Orient sends to the Oc
cictr.t.
I'arly to-day the "White Star liner Coptic. ]
la command of <*hief Officer Lobez, is ex- i
?•*• :«-<3 frcin Cfclr.a and Japan by way of
Transport Dix for Manila
Th<? tr8.r-fpvrt eteamer Dlx arrived from
I ;-t:et Pound yesterday morning with 2.500.000
?e*t o? lumt*r for the Philippines. This ¦will
t^ used in the conrtructioa of the new Gov
ernment barracks at Fort McKinley, Man'.ia.
The Dix »"i:i take o_ board here 1250 tons
' cats, CJVrt tens of hay and a large quantity
of livestock. The vessel wUl sail for Manila
r.txt Tuesday.
Purchase Revolvers and Am
munition With Object of
Becoming Bold Footpads
Because He Said She Took
Watch and Diamond Pin
She Asks Balm of $30,000
Secretary Metcalf Makes
an Inspection of the
Key Route Fern-Boats
FIANCE HER ACCUSER
CAUGHT IN SAN MATEO
Sidney Rimmer and -Norman
Railton Confess to Enter
ing Residence and Saloon
Octavia Tabor Tells Jury
of Humiliation of False
Charge and Imprisonment
Weather Report.
STEAMSHIP COPTIC
MJE IX POHT TO-DAY
High Kate of Reinsurance
Quoted on the Overdue
German Vessel Slrene
LINER SIERRA OFF FOR AUSTRALIA
SINGER SEEKING
HEAVY DAMAGES
BOY BURGLARS
ADMIT GUILT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
11
APyiatT-SEMEyTS.
¦ .-.;-¦ • ¦ < l
DiMMltCvred^yiieGas
\n ewment Ttodor states
tbat J>TU22ie372iess2$ Caused lj~S&
iy poor Cooking anJ conse- JgF^k '
gue22tfac7zaf22ouri&^
all ga$ xa&se Cooks srse Good. Cooks .
SAN FRANCISCO GAS A*ND ELECTRIC CO., 4is,POST STREET.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENING:.
Pleurisy %
Pneumonia \
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!»
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mlg. Co..
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m. ,
--_-_---—-—-----__-_—_____-______-_-_______
I) vioit DR. JORDAN'S oriat^
OF AriATOMYf
\ Cf "The L—rzett Aaatoaic— I Miucaa ia Ik* \
t) _ <rfV-»_. w *'l<— wwintmi or _.y ccattaei'd A
• Pfi** — 5? £""-**'- |M»»* ll«»ly mrH .'>— tb< eldest »
O (fcOj Speeini« ea ia« Cou_ _it. 36 /eari. O
A fl_^* g C3- J2RDAX-D!S£ASE3 CF ME* M
Q B N Tmaitni ptroml.T or b» l«"er. A A
HP I ll* Wr'.t for Book, miLtttUPaV mt A
'/ » j \y* a*i»«i.\tiK. mailed r-ma. (at
/\ O tr nl — ' <le book (or mra) \
V nu.Jui:i>A> _t «;«>.. iwi st»r!t»tH{..s. r. 9
EVERY BLADE WRRANTED
iTTiRiDGirirco.r
; MERCHANT TAILORS,
: s_mov_d to
112 Subtler St*reet>. |
SAN PBAZTCXSCO. ;
NovelLies in Imported Wear, i
PATENTsf f)
330 MARKET ST.Sf.VS_S/ '
fj£&P&&*n MEMAHDWOME&.
Cs«BlgGfornan»tarfa
J&Sarim lt»l <*r*-Vi ditchargM ,lnfl_r_m»tiorn.
f££m aututwi U irriutioas or ulcsrationt
h*S set u itriatsr*. of maco-i m»mbr»B«t.
1* H TrtmmU Cnt-fin. Paia'itis, »nd not aitrla*
K»lTHE£rJWSCKE«]WLC9. f «nt or poUonous.
\2$k CJJBlSXATl.r^CT «cl- b 7 Dratsi.U.
U-.*. __^5* or fent in plain wr»w»».
-SJU?5?v _^gya by txpress, prepaid, far
XS_2_d«_!l5l?_^H » 100 - orSb«tJle«|}.7J.
» g **tJP^ r » y « ClrcoU/ fact oo nattMtt
OCEA-tf TRA VEX.
S Steamers Ieav» Broadway
wharves (pten 9 and 11>.
San Francisco:
For Kttchlkan. Wrancsl.
Juncaa. Treadwtlla. Halnea.
Skyway, etc.. Alaska— II
a. m./ Noit. 1. 6. II. 18. 21.
28. Dec. 1. Chang* to this
company's steamer* at Seat-
For Victoria. VancouTer, Port Towases..
Seattla, Tacoma. Everett, South Belllmthajn.
B«llin_ham — 11 a. m.. Nor. 1. 6. 11. Id. 31.
24. Dec 1. Charge at Seattl* to this com-
pany's steamer a for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 8, 12. 19. 24. 30. Dee. 8. Corona.
1:80 p. m.. Not. 3, ft. IS. 21. 27. Deo. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port I_>s Aagtle* and
Redondo). - San Dleso and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For L<oa Angeles (rla San P«dro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford <Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Huenetne.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Not. 7. 15. 23. Dec 1.
Cooa Bay. 9 a. m.. Nor. S. 11. 19. 27. Dee. S.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo, Ma-atlan, Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
•alla. Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Riga:
Is reserved to change strainers or tailing dates.
TIC-LET OFPXCCS — 4 New Montgom-
ery it. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market at. .and Broad,
way wharves. Tretgtt Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DCNASS, General Passenger A sent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 212.
oceanics.s.c«.sB_^K
B.S. ALAMEDA, for Honol-ha, Kfrr.19. 11 A.M.
8 S. MAKIPOSA. for Tahiti. If or. 25. 11 A.M.
s' S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Dec 1. 2 P. M.
J._.SF__C__LS&BSOS. Ca, ilts.,Tl_CSlOI-C9o431ir*
til neiit-i omes 327 Kartit sl, Pig 7, Pad-s a.
COBPAQ-lIB G_!»EKAI.2 THAM3AT_Afriail
DIRECT LJNE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sallluif every Thursday lnJtead of &Lff?h
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from PUr,
42 North River, foot of Morton at.
First eUss to Havre. 170 and upward. Sec-
ond clasa to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J.-F. FUGAZI & Co.. Pacific Coast
A rents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Por TJ. S. Nary Tarl and VaXUJo,
Strs. Gtneral Friable. MonUcello and Arrow.
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p-m.. 3:15 p.m.. 4 p.m.. 3:U0 &.
m Leave San Francisco Sunday* »:45 a.m._
12:S0 p-m.. tfp.m.. S:3up.m. Leav* Vallejo. 7
a.m.. 0 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun.
days, 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 0 p.m. n* r X
It Mljsloo •_ ; poos* Main 150-. HATCH BROai
ADVEKTISKMEyTS.
H Brand m
M Evaporated m
W Groam 1
Is of uniform quality at all j|g
|^ seasons, alvays pure, heavy MS
|^ in consistence, of delicious m:l
flavor and appetizing ap- n
Ask for the brand with ||j
the "Helvetia" cap label. §&d
Hs| Made by the largest pro- bE|
of Evaporated
l§£&p Cream in the world.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
12
IiOPOI»G-HOUSES rOB SAM.
MARION GRIFFIN^ /
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entranoe,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 360T.
Hotels and rooming-houees for gale. Free lint.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND
A 37-room house on Ellis St., only 4 blocks
from Market; flne location; elegantly fur-
nished, right up to date.
A SWELL ENTRANCE. STEAM HEAT.
HOT AND COLD WATER.
Profit J175 monthly; only $1500 cash neces-
sary: near" first-class restaurants.
EVERY MODERN CONVENIENCE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
"SUNNY HOME" FOR SALE.
NEAR Post and Leaven-worth.
Isn't that a fin* location?
RENT $4, profit $4 per room; 23 rooms.
Permanent roomers, of course.
PRICE $800 down and $800 on time.
MARION GRIFFIN.
WOULD TOU like to bank 5211 monthly?
We offer you such a house.
Price $3200.
YOU WILJ. GET
Easy Terms
For Quick action.
THE OWNER wants to take
A 68-room house
That we offer for $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN
Cordially Invites you
To Investigate.
A 12-room house I
Reduced to $400 cash.-'
Central; rent $30
Income over rent, $47.
All men roomers.
Not a 1st class house,.
But It's reliable. |
MARION GRDTFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition for some enterpris-
ing lady or gentleman of education and re-
finement; new and modern house of 66 rooms;
partially furnished with a fine grade of fur-
niture, draperies and carpetings; rent only
|5 per room with a 5-year lease; price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SACRIFICE SALE of
the handsomest and moet modern
apartment house of ISO rooms in San
Francisco; new and beautiful fur-
nishings that cost $16,000; will take
$7000; properly managed will pay
$75C0 yearly profit. It 1b the greatest
bargain ever offered. No cards.
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and MODERN 7-room flat, north of
Market; furnished new in September; rent
$27 50; price $450; hair mattresses.
NEAT,
NEW,
CLEAN.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
$1450 — 40 ROOMS; house poorly furnished;
forced tale; good opening for right
party. MARION GRIFFIN.
$2500 — B0 ROOMS; well furnished apartment
house: corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays well.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$2000—38 ROOMS; hotel. clearing $150
monthly: very select boarders; owner
Eick; will take small rooming-house in
exchange and time on balance.
, MARION GRIFFIN.
$750 — 16 ROOMS: rent $50; game owner for 12
years; nice location for roomers or
boarders; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT HOUSE of 46 rooms.
NEAR HOTEL GRANADA.
RENT $150.
INCOME $175 monthly over expenses.
PRICE $3000; terms easy.
Agent from this offlce go with buyer.
MARION GRIFFIN.
GREAT SNAP.
ALL YOU NEED is $300 cash.
14 rooms;
7 blocks north of Market street.
Price down to $750. Easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
16-ROOM HOUSE.
Highly rerpectable. Near Post and Mason.
Clean and tn good order. Rent $75.
Profit $75 monthly. Price $1200.
MARION GRIFFIN.
200-ROOM HOUSE.
For exchange for real estate. '
Partly furnished. New and modern.
Should clear $1000 monthly properly man-
aged. Price $0500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
A^CAJJeRON & CO., Phone South 1050^
3 Kddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomirg Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chancea. \»- ¦
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
$5 50 per rocm; -" light and Bunny rooms;
electric ilehts and elevator; haa 108 rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing $350
to $450 per month; make offer; owner must
leave city; only with us.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class
up-to-date downtown house; •well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; mutt sell
on account of other business; only with us.
Model apartment-house, 2 and 3 rooms each;
rent is cheap; eleeantly furnished; 5-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everythine new
and modern: you can get bargain account of
pickness. •* *.- .;. ;
Well located house' close in," with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and carpets in
flrst-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; flne business proposition. f
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
co*t $600; a bnrealn if sold at once; $250.
180 rooms; grand, new, modern ap&rtnjent-
houee; eleeantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $600
per month; close In; full of nice people; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
good leave.
1 Have new. modern 82.room house: rent $375;
elecfrle lights, elevator, ' corner; everything
up-tf-date; owner will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood Sa^i Jose; value
*7000 to $10,000.
21 rooroa; cheap rent: very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house In
city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flr*t-class condition: will trade for
Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley property or
ranch In California; must leave city.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets: must sell; price $400.
What do you think? 31-room apartment-house;
rent only $130; where you can clear $05 per
month; no work; this you can get for $1100;
wife at hospital. * •;-.
16 rooms: rent $«>;: rood furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly fur-
nished; close in; full, of flrst-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; flne opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
flne block on Post st.: full nlceet kind of
roomers; new and modern throughout; brings
1 In nice lnoome: furniture in oak, birdseye
maple, velvet and axmlneter carpets; co6t
$1800 to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $1200.
45 rooms, rent only .8125; flrst-class location;
«v— II turnlthtH mil injnH nmnlnir order: clear-
JOHN D. SPRECKjEIg^^j^roprtetor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXAUGHT___ Mqggg-T
\V. J. 3IARTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
ABk for THE CALL. The Op€rator TO On-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market "<* T™**-, 8 - £" '
EdJtorlil Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson Bt
"Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct«. Per J^fk. 75
Cte P*r Month. Single Copies 5 CM.
Ter»« by Ms.!: Includine Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL Uneiud. Sunday). 1 year... $5.00
"DAILY CALL (includ Sunday). 6 mos... 4 w
"DAILY CALL— By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year f j™
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year -¦ • \°°
„-_-„ f Daily.. .$«.S0 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN 1 eunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \-K-Kldy. 1.00 Per Year Extra
£UL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Ccri«« Kill be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mali e-jbscrlbers ia order-liur change o£ aa-
<r»Ft «t>ould be x>articular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
protrpt and correct compliance with their re-
|8Mt
OAKLAND OFFICE:
Xme Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BEHKELEY OFFICE:
tl48 Center Street Telephone ICorth 77
_____
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
fcAiffTEl. W. WALL Hotel Barton
KEW YORK N'gWB STANDS:
¦"aldorf-Aetorta Hotel: A. Brentaao, 81
Pclon ecuare: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Eotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Boon; P. O. News Co.; Great
f£ortfcern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KP.OGNESS, Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NTW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
eTEFHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
JfE"W YORK CORRESPONDENT:
•fc. C CARLTON Herald Square
tet'fc'lNEES OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock .every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1006 "Market 6treet, cppoeite Fifth; open until
II p. m.
827 Montgomery etreet corner Clay: open until
8:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
3»4I MlFEion. Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
JOfi Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
I0P6 Valencia street: cpen until 9 p.m.
**."orth»*aft corr.rr Cfcurch and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
£200 FIHmn-pp street: Ten ur.til 9 p. m.
MEETI-gO -TOTICES.
CALD7ORNIA Ccmmandery No. 1. K. ,_*_C«»
T. — Regular assembly THIS (FRI-
PAY) EVENING at 7:30. Order of lljl
Rf>d Cross. All fratc-rs courteously V 5>'
invited.
CHARLKS M. PLUM, Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
O'vXTlL'E.VTAL Lcx-:Re No. 22. F. and A. J_
M.. will assemble THIS (FniDAY)Yy
AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock for the/V\
impose of atPndinp the funeral of
«iur deceased brother. HENRY LEE REA.
Heeler Mason? invited. By order of the
Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
LA PARFA1TE UNION ~LODGE~Na »
17. F. & A. M.—Callod meeting FRI-VV
DAY, Nov. 31. 1904. at S o'clock; fim /V\
degree. By order of the W. M.
P. ST. JULLJEX. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodie No. 136, K. and A. M.. ~
will m«t THIS (FRIDAY) EVEX-VY
ING. 7 o'clock. Third l^egref.
GEORGE PKNL1NGTON. Sec.
EAN FRANCIS' "O L->.ige No. 360, F. fi
and A. M.. Mission TempK 26CS Mis- "VV
Pion st. Third negree THIS (FBI-
r>AV> EVENING at 7:3(> o'clock.
ViElting brethren cordially invited. By ord»r
of the W. M.
A. A. ANPERSON. Secretary.
APOLLO LoriEP No. 1Z\. I. O. O. _«£_•<**
r.— y,- -: ;¦.**.- this 'Fni-.-xJffiS&iS-
DAY» EVENING. S o'clo k
¦Fharp. Visitors always wfl^orae. '--.tfMrt*^
ARTHI'K BEHREXD. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA lx>rice No. 1. K.7f P.. ¦•$??
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING
at 8 o'clock. Piono+T building! 24 fi^fy
Fourth et. Knicht rank, amplified
Ir>rm. Visitors cordiaiiy invited.
F. O. MOLL. C. C.
R. N. McLEXXAJC. K. of R. and S.
ET.-REKA Lod?p No. 3. K. of P.. 220 -jS*5
Golden Gate ave.. meets THIS
(FRIDAY) EVENING. Page rank. 72?V
All brother Knirhta cordially in- _!3_2»C
V.Wd FRED KLEIN. C C. -
J. W. C. BEATT1K. K. of R. and S.
EAN FRAN'CISCO Tent No. IR. j&jffl&K
K 0 T M - Pev 'w THIS /G7^-i£>\
(FRIDAYt EVENING at g rfej f. £*&$
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 24 t?_J "ft wRl
Fourth et. K^'^-VJSTO
D. B. RICHARDS. \s5fe!§32y
Record Kc-pper.
THE California Debris Commission, hax-lng
reolved applications to mine by hydraulic :
process from J. MeGrath, in Red Rack mine,
at Howland Flat, fcierra rounty. Cal., drain-
1r_ Into Slate Creek, which reaches Yuba
River, and from Douglas s. Cone and
Charlee L. Reynolds, in Smith'* Blue Gravel
mine, near Ono. KhaFta County. Cal.. drain-
ing Into JeruFalem Creek, which reaches ¦
Facratnento River, gives notice that a meet-
irg to receive ary. protests -will be held at
room !W5. Flood building. San Francisco.
Cal., Xcv. 21. 1004. at 1 :30 p. m.
CHEAPEST end best In America— Th» WeeHy
C*H. 16 pagee. -wit to any «<5dres» In t-a
united bt&tbs or Car-art a one year for JL
AGE27TB WAWYEB.
LADY agent? trar.ted «>verywhere~to **11
K>mpt* Suprosuorleg.' 1312 Market St.. r. 316.
ATTOE"STYS-AT.LAW.
A F-lAliDi[?LE^T~^i^rird^rat *12 and
is no rood; lor 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick; quiet; no money nee->.i-
•no pay unless divorce j* granted- perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; edvice free; 'collections
made G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market «t
M. VC. KJ:;G. Attorney -at -Law, Bxam. h\<ir
fth Cocr: entrance room 011; cstahliched 2C
years: al! courts, general court and office
rractJee; no fee? in advance or for cr^sulta-
tlon; «-ven'.ngB by appointment. Tel. Rea'scoi.
AA— Divorce; costs 512; quick. quiet :«ujvic» free"*
aJ law b-jr4ne^s; no charge unless Eu--ce«s-
ful: open ever-ingf. :C7 Marktt st.. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce cost s ~J12- no fees or
costs in advance; all |a.w buslnes*; offlr*
open Saturday ever.lr.S9. £10 Market St.. r. 3.^
U S. CLARK. 027 Market, rocm 304; cons-jlta-
tion free; no fees in adrar.ee; open gvenimrs.
ADOPTIOaf.
FXNE 6-month-t-cia bey; uood parents: refar-
ences required. Box 4S72, Call offlce.
ASTHMA CtraE.
DI NOLA'S Asthira Remedy relieves ln-ftantlv
10c. 25c. SOc. 1C02 Market, St "\-*ch"l«:
also Wishart. 10th ar^d Washington. Oakland'
BEATING AOT> CIiEA?r3ro.
COMPREEEED Aira^Va^STp^^T^d
fcr cleaning carpets en floor without removal-
t'P'l,' fn nS l " IsO cle * ne<1 b y compressed
¦ ir at shop; prices moderate. S F Com.
F l e " Ee ' S w Alr Cl " ln!l! « Co.. 306 Market £¦
rhonea Main 152 and Bueh 479. ¦
WHEN you become dinrusted with your work
f* nd f0 ' SPAULDING'S Pioneer CaVpet-beat-
iRg morks, 355-^7 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1808 Har-
8 Carpet Beating Worka.
83O Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL" E, 240 Fourteenth St.— First-claw
carpet clearing. 3c yard. TeL Mlsilon 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaninr Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
teL Main 39t GEO. WAUtOM & CO.. Props!
"RUDOLPH & CO.. rarpet-beatlne works; price,
reasonable. 1<C3 Harrison Bt.: teL Mission 263.
CIiOTHnrQ BEZTOVATXHG.
BCTTB d«Med aad pressed, $1; scouring and
wmc. Bon Mai-ehe, Examiner bldg.. r. 410-
Phone Drunun 44. Call for and deliver £re*!
BTTSISrESS CgABTCES.
RESTAURANT and cafe close to Market and
Powell ets.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
and dolnir a large business; beet class of
patronage; owner engaged in other busl-
ness; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE.
26H Kearny st.
A— $600; ROADHOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
rent $20: 5 years* lease; very best location;
on San Mateo road. See K. G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearny st^
A — $2450; CORNER grocery and bar: 8 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $5500; SALOON: about 1 hlock from Phelan
building; net rent $125: lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200: a good paying place; ln-
vesti&ate at onca; rare chance. R. Q.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $2600; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26^a Kearny sC
A— $l?.5O; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce etore; 1 block from Palace Hotel;
dally receipt* from $30 up; horse, wagon;
place clearing $200 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 28-tt Kearny st.
A — $000— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
en Fourth et.. living rooms; rent $30; lea»e;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $1FOO— Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account cf death ; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 28 years as a good reliable
honat. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $1600; CORNER cigar stand on Ellis st.;
lease; a good paying place; location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N. Y. ; a sacrl-
flce. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26'*- Kearny st.
A — $6300; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oytter parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
tip place this kind In the State; rare chance.
Call B. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
ccrner; rent $30; best location; bueiness pay-
Ing well. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks :
eouth of Market St.; net rent $90; lease i
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
In eight. See R, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $S0O; CORNER ealoon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call R. O. WILKE, 26%
Kearny Et
A — $5000; roadhouse end grocery, with 6 acres
of land: house of 4 rooins. dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000: one or the
beet business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busl-
Dees. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daiy receipts about $20; best location north of
Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about S2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Firs>t-class bazaar; located in thriv-
ing iccaticn, city; fine plateglass windows;
etore fixtures; large stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doing good business, clearing $150 to
$20<> per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of b*st propositions in city; sick-
ness; snap; price $5500.
FOR sale— Flrst-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 50 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cau&e cf sale. CAMERON & CO.,
.'J Eddy st.
FOR sale — Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located; cheap rent; doing good
busir.fFg; :t living rooms; stock will invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMKRON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real es-
tate, rootning-houres and business chances.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St..
FOR sale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
"*S. F. ; cheap lent; horses and wagons, all
pquirmf-nts; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $.vCO per month; trial given if
desired: part doarn. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
. lot 30x137 feet; all furnish»>d; horse and
buggy: flne well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR tale — Several goods business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry, ice-
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
good?, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
>ou call and inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy rt.
F. A. BROOKBANK. ~~ ~ "
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market et.. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Folsom 184ft.
A GROCERY and bar. located on busy etreet;
large stock and eood fixtures; Al trade: 3
nice living rooms; bargain for $850. See
BROOKBANK.
$150 BUYS br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and
milk depot: 3 nice furn. rooms; cheap rent;
a ba-gain. See BROOKBANK. 917 Market.
$350— PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on Market ft.; elegrant fixtures; full stock;
money-maker. See BROOKBANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Ju« what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone FoJsom 3468.
CALL route for eale; good route la Alameda.
Apply to this office or call at 1813 Pacific
ave.. Alameda; take broad gaugt train, get
eff at Grand St.. station. Alameda; call be-
fore 12 nocn.
$500 TO $10,000 saloons; good bargains.
J45O to $3000 restaurants: good bargains.
$750 — Partner: business chance; triflers need
not apply BERG & POPP, 31S Kearny st.
FOR a few hundred dollars an ambitious
printer can secure a well-established print-
ing business; ill health cause of sacrifice
Address box 4081. Call office.
W A NTED — To meet party with $500 to Invest
in business that will surely pay $2000 per
month: full particulars at Interview. Box
4780. Call office. '
NEW Arkansas oil field — G. M. Bailey, Mis-
souri Pacific Immigration agent. Little Rock
Ark., can get you an oil lease, trifling ex-
panse. Fortunes from future sale leases.
ONLY $25<> buys oyster and chop house; daily
cash trude SIS; rent $15; positive bargain.
Marln Investment Company, 235 Kearny et.
YOUNG German with family wishes place on
ranch to work on shares. CTall' or address
L. B.. 1020 Thirty-second Bt, Oakland.-
A ?,^S?" ISER wlshe » t° meet a man with
$15,000 to enlarge present profitable business.
R.. box 5»5. P. Q. San Jose.
A MAN with a few hundred dollars to buy
&x P %% W &Voffl a c *° re: *°°* <>PP<*t™tt y ;
PHOTO supply house: good locality; will ex-
change or city, Oakland or Berkeley prop-
erty; evenings. 7:30 to 9:30. 2531 Mission st.
G^? RT , a ? lS f . rult 8t0r *' cheap, with three
l(m Alid^^V c<ntral 'nation; only
$600. Apply 23 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
F ?, R „ f u lt xTP n acconilt of ¦ elcknees, small
branch bakery and delicatessen store. 2790
AllFFlOfl St.
B T»^ C f ?., bakery and sroc'ry; cheep. 4181
Twentieth gt.. near Castro.
CI 5™?» 8tan<1: rood etock - Inquire 125 Third
_l_^_l__^_______f^^^
"gfan 1^^^,^^ «* sale. A^
FINE paying drygoods store, with lease* own-
er leaving State; no tg ent ;. B °x Itll.' cK.
Ifiy «~
COMiE^TIOgorpi.CTg.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; colIecSonT^de*"-
clty^or country. Pacific Collection CO., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms »no. Tel Main 55I&
EXmCATXOXTAX^ — Contaiuad.
A— GALLAGHER - M^I^~BUSIN_:S3 CO_-^
_LEGE. 1SS2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col. 602 Van Nes«
ave.; positions secured. R, H. Webster. Pres.
CHICAGO Business College. 1534 Market— Poal-
tion». shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN. 1135 Larkin. gives thor-
ough, successful Instruction In piano and vocaL
HIGH School mathematics; coaching by new.
easy methods; evengs and by mall. 2O Hartford
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month:
mandolin club. $1 per month. 82S Haight st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now opea. Kin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. CaL
SHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mall and p«r-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'3. 424 Plna st.— Night clasa.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Haight;
Individual lnstruc ; all branches: day. ev».
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden
Gat* ave., S. F. ; 73- page catalog on request.
SPANISH, French, eta Prof De FllJppe's Academy
of languagea.1018 Post; est. 1S71; ablest profs.
-CMP_,o-ziyEB2rr orricrss.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlo*
supplies best helD promptly; city or country.
S. 1MURA. 833 Sacramento. T*l. Jamea S231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japauesa-
Chlnesa help. 426 Powell it.: tel. Main 5712.
JAPANESE-Chlnes* Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr. Tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung'a. 411>* O'Farrell; tel. East 423.
RELIABLE Japane«*-Chinese Employment Of -
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51 S3.
CHINESE! and Japanese help; «stab. 20 yean*
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
SMPLOYMsar WAJTrep-— rsaiAXB^
A FIRST- CLASS Swedish cook: be«t of city
references. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO..
834 Sutter at.
TWO first-class laundresses; Swedish; good
referencesi Apply to J. S\ CROSETT A CO.,
334 Sutter «t.
FOUR cooks; good reference*; also 8 second
girls and 2 parlor maids. Apply J. 7. CRO-
EETT & CO.. 334 Butter St.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress wishes
place by the month at $3O; no Sunday worki
first-class references. Addrass Laan4ress.
2ti31 Nineteenth «t.. city.
EDUCATED YOUNO woman of refinement
wishes engagement to assist el<S«rly lady
with correspondence; good reader and pian-
ist; references exchanged. Box 4130. Call.
NEAT young woman. ¦peaJclng* German and
French, good cook, wants situation tn small
private family; general housework. 971
Jackson et.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress would Ilka •mploy-
ment by day In private family; wages $1 SO
per day. Address 2123 Call branch. 2200
Flllmor* st.
MOTHER and daughter to cook an raae_ for
men only. 7C8 Bryant st.
WOMAN wants any kind of housework by th«
day. Address box 4067. Call office.
WANTETD — Position as nurse; references, Box
4112. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman. Is good cook, will do
some washing, will g» short way la country.
wants position In American family; la fond
of children; wages from $20 to $23. 734 Fol-
som st.
AN elderly German lady, with girl 10 years,
wishes position as working housekeeper in
widower's family; wages $20t Call at 2S29
California st.. corner Broderlck; florist.
YOUNG colored woman wants housework or
sweeping or cleaning by the day or hour.
Call or addresa 16 Stockton place, between
Post and Sutter sts.
NEAT young woman, speaking German and
French, good cook, wants situation In small
private family for general housework. 97*
Jackson st.
EXPERIENCED fitter and designer wants
work by th# day In families; rapid worker;
street and house dresses. DUNEAN. box
3C. 305 Larkln street.
A CAPABLE elderly lady wishes to ¦ t-k*
charge of grown children: no objection to
country: German Instruction If desired. Box
4720. Call.
A GERMAN girl wants position as nurse fcr
child 3 years or over; speaks perfact Ger-
man and English: plain sewing; wages $23.
Box 4443. Call.
A YOUNO woman wishes to do genaral house-
work In a small family; small wub; no pos-
tals. 2&914 Tehama st.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a •taxation
on a ranch. Apply 1183 H Padfia st_ from
8 to 12 m.
A REFINED German young lady; cannot
speak English; for general housework la
small family. 87g Otstro st.. near SOta.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman with, small
child: permanent place as cook In country.
670 Harrison at.
A LADY wants work by the day $1. ear Caret
reference tf needed; can do housework. Box
4320. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young colored woman
to assist In housework or work by tie day.
Call at 16 StocVton place.
GOOD, competent woman wlshee position to
cook or do downstairs work. 211 Miw-^ f _
WANTED— By a young lady Just froa the
East, cooking or housework. 873 Tolsom st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 813 Shot-
well st. • w t~
GERMAN girl wants upstairs war* and sow-
ing. Box 4752. Call offlc*.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes eonflaecneatJi
67 Rlchland ave.; phone Capp 2S3O.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements; $1 50 a
day. 67 Rlchland ava*.; phone Capp 2S36.
A WOMAN with larre family wants washing
or sewlne to take home. 15 Germaaia ave.
. .
JAPANESE girl wants a position; graeral
housework and waitress at table, tn small
family tn the city. I. KASANA. 243 \; Min-
na st.
HONEST Japanese girl deslrw % position as
plain cock tn small private family; wages
$4 60 a week. H. A.. 744 Poet su; phone
Sutter 1731.
JAPANESE irlrl wants situation as» sch-eolgtr!
in small Christian family. Japanese Y. M.
a A. TeL Fell 7931. 121 Haight st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for I The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPT.OYME3rr "WAlfTITD — MALB.
2 SUPERIOR cooks with their wives a*
helpers, accustomed to hotel or restaurant
cooking, having the best of references, wish
situations: either city or country. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. "
YOUNG man. married, conversant 8 lan-
guages, traveled extensively. able corre-
sponding clerk, fully qualified for positions
of trust and responsibility, wishes to lm-
prove. Box 4154, Call. .-,.;.;.•;
AA— A FIRST-CLASS paint#r. paper hangsr
timer and grainer deelres work by the day
or Job: flrst-clasa work guaranteed- good
work very reasonably done. 1454 Devtsadero.
A A — A COACHMAN wishes a position; under-
stands gardening, milking; handy with tools*
good horseman and driver; best at refer»nc«a_"
Box 4463. Call. r^ac— *.
YOUNG man of IS would like position %» a
helper In a good Amertcan home and do er-
rands while learning the English language.
JAMES CHRIST. 1103^ Folsom Jt. a * 11a * 0 -
YOUNG gardener wlshe« position on Drivats
place: can take care of lawns, shrubs and
greenhouses, also laying out new groundi*
good references. Box 4003. Call office.
A COMPETENT man (German) desires posi-
tion; experienced in wine and liquor b?sl52£l
wholesale and retail. Address box 4094Tct»!
Y^.^-I 5^:^.^, **"^"' J*. 30 Berry place.
A COMPETENT manTlrfngle. wishes a position
near city steady, to care for a place: «p2
?«,? orc , h .f rd - *x>d ¦ driver, gardening
oSx 48?3 n . d Lu olflc^"*"- t0OU - Add "»»
A SITUATION wanted to take care of prlvat»
5l a " by *. I S!; tWort^ man: undlrs&ndTgar-
denlng. milking; handy with tools; £>od
horaeman: first -class refa. Eox 4S58, Call.
T °o l i? C lx HaW , a{lan would Uke Position In pho^
iki" 1^ ssrag. and ™«» ca °
A JiSZ?? n ff* B " 1S - *"* oat *rom Sweden,
wishes to learn carpenter trade. Please call
*Lt n .rlZ r - 2tKJ1 Kln ««nth St.; ST^^
____ClAjBVO*^OT rs^ ContinnM>
MRS BAUMANN. the well-known forttme-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. *««<«"»
_, BPI~HT"gAUS"M.
ARRIVED from New -York. Prof. Fred P Et-"
•v^r^? g^^E^i a %g^ 0^
w _2?£[- r b T4. «S?«-
M e R v S a n,gg R ; I ? ( g LE a|sg^r illng -"-^=
MR , S .' EST ER. clairvoyant, medium, lift read-
er. dr. evgs.. 10c; read, dally. 838 Mlssict
TEST to-night. 10c: clairvoyant readings. 25c'*
horoscopes cast. Mme. Ellersfleken. 142 eth.'
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln.
room 49; readings 1 to 8; teL South 319.
__, DBHTISTSj__
A NEW Plate— The Whalebone— Smwt^air;
warranted 20 jts. ; crowns. $3 60- flllinKs 60c :
Plates. *5; full set; all 'wwk painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Stxth.
DR ; LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No^charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. BOc; gaa given.
GOLD fillings. 75c; stiver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.CHewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-d«Ust.r.l4.1st
¦ floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. <y Parrel 1?
P i?» IS . D ?2 t W!r lors< Kea niy. cor. Bus_Z
set teeth, $1 00 up; crowns. $2 up;flllings,25c
DR. R. I_ WALSH haa moved from Geary si
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 960 Mission, w. gtS.
DBESS31AKER3 AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art s button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylr.
_^ EDUCATIONAL.
'< A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical, col-
leges; refj. President Jordan or any Stanford
protestor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R; AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Natlv Sons" building.
A— ';sing!e page method": no text-books: twice
the progress in artithmetlc, bookkeeping short-
hand. etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 12SX Mkt.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech sur^
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der -Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
A SUCCESSFUL college : new. large room^
perfect light; all graduates are getting post-
tlona. S. B. Business College. 733 Mission.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journalism
* meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thura.. 2 p. ai. 333
Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 34 Port st"
Established 1S63: largest In tha Weat- s*_d
for circulars. "
IiOPeHNO-HOPSES FOB SAIiE — Con.
. ing now over $200 per month: always full:
best buy in city; account of sickness; price
$4500. , ¦ - -
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease: downtown: flne. respectable.
' monoy makine house; part down; balance
rcascnable interest.
34 room--: cheap rent: thoroughly renovated;
all in flne shape; flne little apartment-house:
. clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS.
FOR SALE.
3C-room house; downtown ;flne furniture. $5000
24 1 rooms: central; everything new; $1000;
$S0O cash.
30 rooms; downtown; transient... $25<X>
14 rooms; Sutter St.; transient $1000
100 rooms: all rented: fine furniture; $10,000,
{6000 cash.
30 rooms; ccrner house: very swell.. .$3500
Boarding-house, & rooms, nr. carhouse.$50O
Furnished bou*»e. S rooms. Mission.: . .'.$4. r >0
' San Francisco Credit Co., 10 Turk St., 1st fir.
MITCHELL & CO.,
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 2631
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
- flats sold to suit- purchasers;' titles guaran-
teed. MITCHELL & CO.
OAKLAND . house, 22 rooms*, rent $60: oak
-furniture; lease; always full: good carpets;
' center of town: $300 cash and small monthly
' payments secures; it. MITCHELL & CO.
WILL sell my 30-rdom apartment and rooming
house; corner: fine location; no agents. Ad-
- dreeg box 4542. Call office. .
12 NEWLY furnished rooms; central location.
DAVID BROS., cor. Kearhy-Clay.clgar store.
FOR sale — At a-' bargain, 10 housekeeping
rooms. 428 Golden Gate ave., near Larkln.
FURNISHED house, 10 rooms; housekeepinsr;
¦ yard, stable; rent $40; a bargain. 116 Page.
_^ _
AA— THE FUTURE CAN BE TOLdT
• FREE FREE FREE
If hot correct.
His regular $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 ' $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 ;
1. BLANCHARD,
The eminent ¦
; Clairvoyant — Psychic — Mystic. J>.
Tells your full name, what you called for,
'whom and*" when, you .will marry, reads your
entire life from infancy to old age. •
*' He gives ad vice, on business. . love, court-
ship, marriage and' tells of your friends and
! enemies; removes evil Influences, reunites
the sei>arated and causes speedy and happy
marriaee to the one of your: choice; cures
- disease and- lost vitality without medicine;
• locates mines, -buried treasure, old estates,
lost or stolen goods, absent friends.
' ; HE SEES ALL. . TELLS ALL.
' 460 GEARY ST.. BETWEEN TAYLOR AND
. MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS — 10 TO S P.-M.. DAILY AND SUN-
- DAY. it
MME. LANGE — Just returned; can. give you
. advice In your trouble by her genuine Egyp-
, tlan sympathy, palmistry and spiritualism;
; ; possesses ; the genuine magical magnetic mlr-
' ror and crystal reading,, which shows the
correct picture of future wife , or husband ;
never fails ; convince* yourself; readings. . 25c
and up; 10 to 8. p. m.; also : Sundays; cures
¦ diseases by her strong sympathy. 46 7th st.
AAA— RICHARD MAYO.
The Man With Psychic Powers,
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
Free test Free test
To all who come prepared to have a reading.
This week $1; my regular $5 reading, $1
this week.
At a glance before you have n chance to ut-
ter one word he will tell you what you came
for: giving dates, facts and names of absent
and departed friends; he tells, every wish of
your life; how to gain success In love, court-
ship, marriage, divorce; whether you will be
successful in business, investments, patents,
mlnin-r, etc.; no ' matter what may be your
fear, hope or ambition, call on this gifted man
and find relief: his descriptions of your friends
and enemies are as real as though they stood
before you; he tells you everything good or
bad; you hear the truth and nothing but the
truth. AH business strictly confidential.
421A Ellis st. (private flat).
, Office hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD — THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Exam-
iner bldg.: she reads your Ufa correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals, the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; If you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied, with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4560.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you will succeed, to
be relieved of the matters that are troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading ko to LIVINGSTONE, 428
Eddy st. ; three n*parate reception parlors;
' lady attendants: hours 10 a; m. to 8 p. m.
- Permanently located at 26^4 Kearny st.
after Wednesday.
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office- hours— 10
k. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to: 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER clairvoyant, medium, born,
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm.
lstry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
PROF. DAHL guarantees to 1 tell your past,
present and future; names given; readings
50c. 1027"4 Market Bt.; hours 1 to 0 p. m.
MISS ZEMDARJ young, gifted clair.and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
G/.fl; houra 10 to 9; names. 7U Franklin «t.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenbcrg, palmist, clairvoyant.c .rd
reader; when others fall try me;readings £5e.
721 Franklin, nr. O.' G. ave.; tel.Larkln 4207.
ANDROE, the Greek wonder; never falls:
wonderful bodyless lady In window. 208
Ellis st. :
MRS. BURR (formerly Mme. Anthony), me-
dium and Ufa reader. 32 Rltch St.; ladles 25c.
gentlemen 50c.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice:
names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis St.. near Market.
THIS ad and 50c entitles you to life reading
at) 125 Sixth St.,
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and factr. The Vendome. 1104 Market, r. 24.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 10S 6th st., rooms 1-2.
FREE-YOUR CHOICE THIS WEEK OF A CLEAVER
1 raff 1 Articles for Home Use If gg£
Your Choice of Two
Valuable Premiums This Week
With Every Small Ad.
The Cleaver we give this week is a heavy, sub-
stantially made utensil, carefully hardened and
tempered in oil It is made of crucible steel, fully
sharpened, and is ready for immediate use. They
are packed in individual pasteboard boxes and are
The Emery Steel is of equal value to the Cleaver,
and will probably be preferred by many on account
of its being so essential to every household. If is the
very latest product of scientific manufacturing, is
substantially mounted and will prove most service'
able. Bring a Small Ad. to our office Thursday,
Friday or Saturday and choose FREE one of these
valuable household articles.
Call Business Office, Third and MarKet StsJ
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, -FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
13
MISCEX.X.A1TEOTJS — rOS SAXJB.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair tt with elaterlte. in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or snlngles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
FOR rale — New and second-hand billiard and '
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER, 652 Mission st
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
A STEREOPTICON; 60 fine views; 12xl2-foot
screen; a bargain. Can b* seen or address
36 Geary st. room 1.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert- suits. J. COOPER.
21_Btockton st (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st. room 12. upstairs.
DEEP- WELL drilling outfit; steam power.
William Edward A Co.. Ill Fremont st
STOVES disconnected and connected; $2 50;
plumbing, gasfltng.409 McAlUster;tel.Mlnt 3066
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 623 Market st
Wallpaper. 8Hc; paint, $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan.1302 Webster;tel.Stelner 3671.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers. Includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN A TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. OARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third :tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st: tel. South Sll.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
MISCBIJ«AiraOTre WA3TT3.
AAAAAA — BUYS any amount good second band
clothing; specialprice for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 022 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothlug.Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st.
WANTED — To purchase light spring wagon,
horse and harness cheap for cash. 775 Mis-
sion, THOMAS PARNELL.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. room 405, Ad-
ams bldg.. 206 Kearny st ; phone Black 3036.
WANTED— Australian papers for March, 1908.
fBox 4090. Call office.
WANTED — Office room with desk: state price
and location. Box 45R5. Call office.
WANTED — 2 No. 8 Oliver typewriters; state
condition, price. Ad. "A," Call, San Jose.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 3916.
Levy A Ridler. highest price for gi*nts" cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
MTTSICAIi ITTSTBTJMENT3.
GABLER piano, thn oldest, exclusive high-
class piano in Arierica; over 50,000 sold In
the past fifty yeaAi. Heine Piano Co.. 235-
237 Geary st. Sin Francisco; 1252 Broad-
way. Oakland. Manufacturers of the Peer-
less Heine; largest stock and greatest va-
riety; Installments and rents $2 up; prices
from $25 to $1000
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mussard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chlckerlng — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new,
frcra $95 up: easy payments; all guaranteed.
BEXJ. CURT.AZ A SON. 16 OTarrell st
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month: one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 500 Hayes st
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st
$30— UPRIGHT grand, nearly- new; a snap.
HORNUNQ, 216 McAllister st.
KOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright 'pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister «t
3-PEDAL Stelnwayup: Chlckerlng baby prand;
Phonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
MATTBESSES A1TD FH.I.OWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
proc*s«); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKD
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
PAPEB^HQIWQ, PAIOTPTQ, ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 1067 McAlllater et.: tel. Fell 2403.
FATEMTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. g Hobart bldg., M2 Market at.
PERSONALS.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tlnzs, bagglness of eyes or any blemish of
the face. Mme. Gilllngham invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other !n this
city; demonstrator can b- seen daily. 143
Stockton st; write for booklet^
M. ELLA HARRIS, French liquid powder:
gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off: nend
only ?1 and test It for yourself. M. Ella Har-
ris, chemist and skin specialist, 12S Geary st
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scaIp;a(drugRlsts', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substltute?"Star Remedy Co., 1333 Po-k.
DR. ROWELL'8 Fir* of Life, & sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all drurcists for
over 20 years ; price 50c Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 40 Turk st. S. F.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1699. 2122 Fillmore St.; phone Geary 2023.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell.
CHICLETS are splendid after smoking.
Expert furniture repairing. polishing ;upholsteA
lng; carp.lay'g. Towey'B,370Fell.PhonePagel4iS
H. ANDERSON. 26 OTarrell st. — Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival coetumer.
MRS DR. OWYER 611A Leavenworth st, be.
tween Geary and OTarrell. Tel. East 697.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suit* to order extra pants or fancy
veets, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. S50 Market
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt
$1 a week: suits to orde r $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St.. bet: Seventh and. Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds: easy payments.
P. V..GARIN. 138 Montgomery st
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt, nnder St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair renwed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.3G9 Sutter. Miss_ Eaton.233 Geary.r.3.8.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50~: dresa "pants $2 50?
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes." play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO..733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
balr to its natural color,$l at all druggists'.
HOUSES rUENISHED-rOE SALE.
IH-ROOM house for sale cheap account of
slekn»-s>. Apply S15 Geary st.
HousE-ci.x:ANiiro orrzcES.
JAPANESE housecleaning company and shoe-
maker. 618 Gough »t: phone Howard 35S3.
H0BSE8 ANP WAOOHB.
A — 30 HEAD of work and driving horses, 8
large mares, 1 fast pacer. 2 saddle hones,
harness, wagons and buggies; must be sold;
will exchange. Corner Fifteenth and Shot-
well sts.. near Folsom.
TEAM of Jet black horses. 17 hands. 3 yearn
old. weight i"5o apiece, price $700; broken
single or double; sound and true. JOHN DA-
V1LJ.A. Jones ave.. Elmhurst Cal.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black- Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
COBBLE-SORE, footsore horses for soft re-
claimed river lands; fair prices paid: must
be sound. Box 44S3. Call; tel. Main 767.
A SACRIFICE: rubber tire open hack; irood
condition; new harness. HARRY WELLER.
120ti Market st. .
FOR sale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st
¦ GOING out of business; new and second-hand
! wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st, nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, burgles, wagons, bar-
.ness, work & driving horsei. 16th- Valencia.
LOST A2TD POUND,
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
hame of WILLIAM B. CARTER, No. 193-
* 412. The flnder will please return to bank.
$5 REWARD— Lost black hunting do*: short
tall; answers to name of Dick. Finder will
please return him to Manning's Stable,
Fourth and Townsend sts,
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Sav-
: ings and Loan Society of S«n Francisco In
! the name of MARTIN CLANCY. No. 252-
• 252; the flnder will please return to bank.
LOST — Pocketbook. between Cosmos Club and
downtown; marked "O. E. B."; liberal re-
ward for return with contents. Address. J. K.
ARilSBY CO.. 134 Market st.
LOST — Ladles' gold watch: monogram L. H.
H. on case; reward. 1*. M. HICKMAN.
. Sausallto. ¦ .
1 FOUND^ — Comfort for the stomach, cleanliness
for the teeth, by a bright boy, who chews
CHICLETS.
LOST — A black cocker spaniel dog. Return to
1501 Market st. ; reward.
LOST — A large pointer deg, white with liver
s^ots. 34 Hill st:- reward.
LOST — Dog. white Splti: answers to the
name of Ted: a liberal reward. 228 27th st
STRAYED from 11 Balden place, black and
tan bitch: reward of $20; no questions asked.
3UA PITCHES rOB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 531.
MAC HIKE HY — Boturht. Sold. Exchanged.
WANTED — Second-hand S swing saw and
planer. JOHN T. GRAHAM. NW. cor. Pre-
cita ave. and Alabama st
UXDXCAXb
.- - • — . ~~~~
IF there Is any woman who Is suffering from
any of the ailments peculiar. to her sex I can
offer her Immediate relief. ' I have devoted
my entire life to this work. I NEVER
FAIL. I ask fair .fees, and I GUARANTEE
results in each case. If you ' have been dis-
appointed come to me. Perfect satisfaction
is then insured. I am the oldest graduate
specialist In the city giving attention exclu-
sively to ladies' troubles.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st. rooms 7 and 8
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
- physician here who can cay this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office. 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male foubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SH Market st. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and lrreg-uliuittes; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladies' spe-
cialist has returned from Europe; 23 years'
experience In female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fall ?ee the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor et. near Geary.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. OfAce. 1018 Market st
LADIES suftering from irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
st.; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
DR. *nd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sun?, never falls;
$2. ttieason-Rugjrles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2W5 Folsom st. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
AXOXTCx* TO LOAN.
LOAN" COMPANY""(ina>—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST bV, AND 0 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and unatvlded interests In property
purchased. \
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY..;..
" Eulte 107-10S Crocker bldg.; phone Main B924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-e03 Examiner bnlldlng.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, ptoperty In trust,
etc.; legacies. ,life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
' A reascnable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortice, on real estate or
Ch-ttels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest •
, Give full particulars
' of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400, Call crr.ee.
SALARY LOANS—
Money leaned salaried peopli! without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any cne: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. XV. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
/liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
j per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
006 Market; tel. Mala 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardlng-houses. without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 8S3 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. • UNITED
LOAN AND TKUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
near Market. - -
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 23 Stockton St..
leans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com."; cut rate. Cal Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
I PER ce-nt on furniture or pianos; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg..
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Elxth st.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan A
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg; phone Main 8214.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se«
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY, loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
confd. ; Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.,722 Mkt
STAR. Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sa v. | Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
8 % ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st
CASH - loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
S2EPI.OTatEirT WAITTE3— 2ffale — Caa.
'"¦'ANTED — i'osviicn in candy factory; am o!d
i.i<!: rave had ltt years" «xp. ; have worked 1
.- .\_tiJ=*l Caa«iy and Blsc_.t Co. 10 years,
. making flu* B»iTr1rlr_ tn candy. su<-h as
I'ifll. cordial* and cream work of all kinds;
i«n ni««ce r*w s'W'» that will !•*!! and b-^-jin
>rur UutiE*"!-. Addres« HENItY SEVER-
SON. «TS Cirove ml., city.
FIHST-CXAS8 chef, experienced in German.
Fien-h. Portacw** and American k.tcken.
rin- does fir.e ojafectionery work, wifttes i
•-• s.tiori oc ihe iSth or 1st of ntxt uv.>r.lh: j
r.eld good r--.«!U >n» o:ten in Germany as chef. '¦
tiox ITO, *all office.
l'il:ST-CLA5S French. Italian, EnsliFh cook
¦ sirtl r«a»trv •» ;*hr« position; city: <rxp<rience<l ;
rene? wte private family: wages $&<•.
J nfPCFlTO. SIC Leavenworth St.; phene
__L«rk:n <S*C.
i:.:XTLLi!A.N of good addrfss wishes er.gace-
• ment rrtih firm r.t traveler or collector; good
reference* as to character; cash bond il r+-
t;u:red. Address J. M. ALVAI'.ES. 781
Ellis «t.. city.
WANTED — I'csitlrn tn rr.'.Ik crivi. t«r.d horses
or tuko car»- of r.'.ar^-; rtferer.i«B. Address .
gEOgQE WOLLAP. Dominican Sis'ers.
TMrenty.fr^:rt!i anil Guerrro its. j
EfOKKEEPER ar.d salesman. 24. understand*
etmography ar.d typ<«wr:tir.g. wants pcsltlcn,
oltr cr country; can furnish cash bond. Box
4750. Call office.
TOCKO man wall educated, accurate and re-
liable, with knowledge of bookkeeplRS and
business experience, wants position; refer- |
ecces. Box «447. Call. .
A COLORED man wanu work as houseman;
can do plain cocklr*;: cen dri*°e team: h^s
references. W. CHOCLATE. 18 Seventh si..
room IS.
SOBER, lndustr-toni rr.an warts work on pri- ,
vate place; references furnished. Box 4553, .
cau ©race. :
NEAT and hocest young waiter. 2<J. single, j
wacts posttluo in saloon, restaurant or lunch '
counter; cot afraid of work. Bex 4555, Call. |
YOUNG German, steady, industrious and hon- |
est desires pcsitlon at anything: well recara- !
deeded. Box 4543. Call. i
COACHMAN, willing to work and obliging, can !
milk, wlshe* position, city or country; ret- I
»rwiw«. Address box 4541. Call of£ce. • '
RELIABLE man, thorcurhly experienced in !
wine acd liquor business, cellar and store,
wishes pog-Ucs. II. ENGEL. 3S7 Turk st.
FIR6T-CI..A.SS -barber waxts positicn far eves-
inrs. Saturday ar.4 Sunday. Box 473Z. Call.
TOtTNG G*nr.an. rteady. honest and lnductrt-
*o*. desires position at anything; bert refer-
enoes Bex 475S. Call office.
GROCERY and bar clerk wants position; 10
yes>rc' experience. Address F. E. M. 9C7B
Hcward «t.
RELIABLE rr.ar. thoroughly experienced In
»Jn* axi<i liquor business, e-llar and store,
wishes position. H. ENGEL, 287 Turk st
YOCNG man wishes position as bartender.
Box 4557. Call office.
JANITOR, first cl&xs. desires a situation. Box
4S3». C_il offlcs.
"WANTED — A situation as cook: is al«o a good
baker. 144 Bernard st. off Taylor.
A RELIABLE rr.an wants portion as night
watchman : • references. I. B.. 7&6 Folsom st.
A YOUNG Jananes* who has the experience
• ¦ v - • a situation as a dtehwaa her or kitchen
h»lp in a burlness house In country or city.
M. SAWA, 50& Storktcn St.. city.
JaTANEFE pood sxrhool bey. wants position In
private family; ei«_ks English; has best ref-
.renegs. 1C5C Broadway; in from 1 un 11 4.
JAPANESE rounr Ncy -want* a oo*ition to
- «*¦¦ ..' .-.s or hou?ewrrk; lc well experienced.
fl'ZI'Kl. 511 Buzb «t. ; phone Black KOI.
A JAPANESE bey wants to work In plain
family before and after school. Address O.
'HARRY. 744 Port st.: rhone Sutter 1731.
A NEAT Japanese de«ires a position as school-
boy in «nal! family; gtx>d plain cook. 8. K..
121 H&i_ht st. Japanese Mission.
A TOrxo Jasanese wast* work in country:
rtre of cow*, homes an3 garden. M KU-
RATA. 423 gtpvenson «t.
JAPANESE cook wants a portion as school-
boy. M. V.. Japanese Mission: phone Siit-
ter 4122.
A SAPASnSSE experienced cook wants position
fcouifwork. G. T.. 20 Lewis place. San FTan-
cisro
CC«or> Jaj>ane»* bev wants situation as a
rctoo'.try; near Hamilton School. M. K..
'¦2." McAIiitter st.. city.
JAPANESE couple want position*: man cook.
Wife waitress. K. OKI. 607 Polk st.
A JAPANESE bey wants a position a* school-
bey. :g£ Dev:sa<!ero St.; phone Scott MS.
A CHINESE, experienced first-class cook.
KngllF. 1 .. French. srlsisM position; city hotel
•jr re*'.»urar.t bo»rd:r.j- house; meat _n<3
pastry cr*~Ailng: ?I«an. n?a.t: good references;
*ati*?_ctlon. CHARLET WILLSIOX, 1113
'^y «t.
« MINEFE, first -claw cook, <I«stres position in
NiarJirg-house or hctei; city or country.
l'Z"i'.< Ptorktcn t-t.. bet. Pacific and Broadway.
CHINESE, good cook, wants position ; French.
'jTrcan or family cook. *40 Clay st
EXCHASQE.
OWNER, business block, store* and theater
would trade equity for Pan Francisco prop-
erty. Bex 4ZiT>. Call office.
rrjAgciAi..
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid la »4, 000,000 00
Surplus 940.901 S«
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At rar.
Olflc* — No. 14 Eansocie street.
6an rrandsco. CaJL
DON'T ris* yvur money in questionable vent-
ures when you can obtain "First Mortgage
''¦' '.i Sends" iSrst Hen on downtown bustness
property) paying a irood rate of Interest and
a* secure as Government bonds: single bonds
t.V)0 00 each; Interest payable quarterly; at-
torneys reeking investments for clients and
trustee* of estates vhould tr.vertlgate this at
ance. "Ponds." S8 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patent*; stock
•old: ctroc* E«»tM-n connections; tdvic* free.
Write A. F HARASZTHY. S22 Cro»sley bdg.
IXATB TO IXT.
A — HOCEES s:id Cats to let: an lmm«nf» Ii»t:
•errire absolutely free; take advaotare of
tilts department; it will ave jrou tlm* and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 24&-S3 Geary
St.. en the square.
PIERCE, 2935 — Very reasonable; reliable party
cniy; desirable up-to-date e rci.; abun-
danc* cf light.
ELLIS, 82S — 2 Isrg-e parlors ar.d kitchen for
physician. ha!rire»scr or milliner; $30; re-
c<-.\ t:y finished.
LARKIN. 1930, IOCS. 1944. near Broadway—
New modern f_ts 7 and S roonx; rents re-
duced u> SZC. J.".5. »3T 50.
BHANNAN. 422. near Third— Upper sunny
_•«*.__> r.; rent $12: water free; yard, cellar.
ELEOANT new fiat: 6 large, sunny rooms tad
b&th. 1737 Page «t. near Golden Gate Park.
FTX.TON. 8:*A. n-sj- Fillmore— FU.t 4 ,
rocms. pcrc*l_ln bath, china closet - j
*2&— 5 ROOMS; bath, laundry: modern. Many
J»4 Curab«rl_nd. bet l»th-20th, nr. Churca.
LARGEST list of houses and Cats to l*t Call
on LVX>N t HOAG. lit Montgomery «t.
7&ATS 7OE SAXJS — TTJS.lt lSJULU. ]
A MODERN. sur^T^rp^^aTr^TaTgTrocms; !
newly furr.l*hc3 3 menth* ase. 317 Jones st '.
near Bush; call 0 to 5. " *»»™ •«-?
N'ICELY fumfthr? flat of C rooms and bath-
A MODERN. _unny upper Kat; 7 larce rorwns:
ne*.y furni«*>ed 3 months ago. 917 Jcnes
ct.. near I3uzh. 9 io S p. m.
JTJ-ATS TO &CT— £UE2TISH£D.
FL'IirciSBED flat 10 rooms and bath! en
Ui-rtvn et. ; rent only (2!>: must se!I; J250
M. N.. 1C3C Valencia st. <~^l
rUKHTTUEE "WANTED.
ABE LEVy7~ ~~~
falesrcom. 1135 Market et. Tel. J-mI» 7«i.
£>cn"t sell your furniture, carpets^ office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get hi* estimate.
Vi ILL | ay 2«« p*-r crtit more for furniture thaa
o>*ler» cr will »rir on commission. L. H
Bl'HD. fcuc. 163« Market ; phene Jetsie 223i£
CALX, en Alfred Wcllpert 'T4 Mission st. b#-
tore seiiinr year furniture. Phone R«X 4462.
Tvjamrasj: rosatLB.
BARGAIN— Furniture 3-room flat: gas range;
no dealers. 31 Rlngold St.. bet. bth and Uth.
HENRY MAYER pay* highest prices for fur-
niturc. carpus. »tc. 782 Mission: tel. Bu«h 813
HXLP WAHTED— PEMALE.
COOK fcr boarding-house $25
Chambermaid and waitress, country botel.$25
Kitchen hel;<r, small hotel 7$3!>
Housework and help In candy store $2l>
li<-us«woik. Angel Island >2o
Kcu*ework. 2 in family, colored girl S20
Hcuscki-cptT. city *2i)
Waitress fcr restaurant ?6 week
I'rstairs girl ar.3 nurse, German £2O
Housework, " family, no washing §25
Cook on a ranch, short distance j"-T<
4« _cner_l housework glrlr. city and coun-
try. Apply to J. F. CUOSETT & CO., 334
Sutter tt.
THE ROMATN-SKIRK Register. Renting and
Adv. Co.. O3-CXS Grant b'.dg.; South 104.
nx^»r;tn<*cd saleslady, $40 month.
Chambermaid, wait or;e rnca!. easy place,
$20 r*r month.
One u ststant or>«rator on vests, experi-
enced. $1 50 a day.
Young lady. iss.Ma;it merchandise clerk. $20
mor.th to start.
Experienced necktie hands, piecework.
A-TTANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary at., room 13.
WANTED — Girls t» learn millinery now for
fall >.*-nn: both seasons taught from start
to flciph in cne month for $5; position* as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guar— nteed at
$10 ;*:• week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors, 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng,
:r.ai:ii urins. electric masfage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day: guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
ar.d evening ela«.«oe: all parlor work at re-
duced pricee. 133 Powell ct.
WANTED — A first-class waist trimmer; r_S
erenr^s; no other need apply. MRS.
MICKiiL. 13W Pine st
WANTED — Alteration bands on coats and
_sktrts. Apply . R. D. DAVIS & CO.
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking. Apply
Morehead building; ask elevator boy.
WANTED — First-class dreexniaker. Apply
Morehesd building; ask elevator boy.
A GIRL fcr general housework. Apply at IS10
' Sutter st
LAUNDRY — Experienced mangle hand wanted.
Apply this morning early. 7C0 McAllister st
WANTED — Young girl to do light housework
and go errands. Apply 234 Post st. rm. 10.
NURSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to fcld and wrap packages. ED-
WARD KNOWLES CO.. 24 Second st
WANTED — A girl for second work" and wait-
ing. 1307 Hyde et.
"WANTED — Every sweetheart to ask for
CHICLETS^
WANTEl) — Woman for general housework;
must be a rood cook and willing to wait on
table: no window cleaning cr outside work;
good wages. Apply 2e28 Vallejo, near Scott;
mornings.
LADIES, we will teach barber trade free to 6
more ladies asd pay them $10 each for first S
weeks; call or write. JNO. A. MOLER'S
Barber College (correct number), 644 Clay st
WANTED — Women and girls over 10 years to
do piecework at home: no experience neces-
sary. Call HABERTON. 1235 Market st.
rocm 20.
WANTED — A j-oung lady for embroidery
stamping, art department Call at STRAUSS
& FROHMAN*S. 1C7 Post St.
WANTED — In Frultvale. a refined, reliable,
young woman as mother's helper; references
required. Box 459. Frultvale.
LADIES for rteady home employment; $S to
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. room CIS.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on coats: no
other need apply. 22» Etev«nson «., room 5.
GIRL wanted to assist In light housework;
ele*p at home. 402A FtsjicIsco st. •
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats; steady
work; rood pay. 533 Natoma st.
HEI.P WAITTED — MAXI!.
THE ROMAYN-RHIRK REGISTER. RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO.. C12-C13 GRANT
BLDG: SOCTH 1O4.
Any firxt-clasa clothing salesman with a
neat appearance can start to work to-day
in a first -class clothing house at your own
salary. Please call early.
Five good waiters for a hotel, $30 mo.
Two errand boys. $5 week.
Fin.--«; ; -arlr.e young man as stock boy
in a gen— i' clothing ftore; chance to learn
to t* a salesman; experienced.
The ciothlng salesman who wore spec-
tacles that visited our office on the 9th,
please call.
AT HORD A SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. U5 Third st
Ei;j ri*-n • -i sloper for railroad cut $2 25,
free fare.
H-ndy man, small hotel, near city, $15 and
found.
Vcunir man for flower store, experienced,
$12 to $15.
Solicitor for tea and coffee; big inducements.
Man to handle nerve medicine, $1 and com-
mission.
A-uuior County, teamsters. $2.
Nevada, laborers and teamsters. $2 50; ship
daily.
Dyer and cleaner, $15 to $20.
GASOLINE enrinw for hoist. $2 50 day:
etenographer and typewriter, $3 day; brick
setter. Hoffman kiln. $2 50 day; farmers.
$30 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. C2S Sacrarremo st.
WANTED — American clothing and furnishing
it h,(!« salesman for country more; salary
$20 a week and r^rcentage. gee J. F.
CP.OSETT tt CO.. C8 Eacramento it.
WANTED — Shoe uWman for country store;
flrct-clar* place; $75; see bosa in city: refer-
ences; American preferred. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
A — WANT an experienced business man, who
has knowle<J»e of all classes of merchan-
dise and callable of managing a well-estab-
lished American business house In. China;
salary satKactcry to the proper party.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 42fl Bush st
A THOROUGHLY eXDertenced outside butter
and egg majesman; city: $30 month and coin-
mlszlon.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 429 Buah st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r . 12—
Chef, country hotel. $75; pcrter, $30.
BARBERS, attention — Monday, November 14,
J. B. I. V. of A.. Local No. 14S. will give a
reception and nnoker to the general prem-
dent and delegates of the American Federa-
tion of Labor. A full attendance Is hereby
required. Refreshments for all.
J. R. BLEILY. Secretary.
BAKBERS. ATTENTION!
¦\Vanttd — First-clasp barb, r-shop doing (rood
DuslneFs: 2 to <5 chairs; will pay ca?h for the
same. Adirw*. with full particulars, box
471-2. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS feeder for cylinder and platen
pressti". EDWARD KNOWLES CO., 24
Second st '.""'..
FIRST-CLAFS barber wants Job. .inert hour or
Saturday and Sunday; steady. Box 4151.
Call office.
BARBER, first class, wants help for Saturday
and Sunday. WILLIAM MARSOUN, 513A
Larkln «t
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 440
Bay tt.
BARBER wanted at Valv© barber-i-hop, 52S
Broadway; steady.
WANTED — Good barber Saturday and Sunday.
S083 Twenty- fourth 6t.
BOYS— JOE ROSSNBERQ. 816 Market st
WANTED — A bu«htlman. . CHAS. LYONS,
London Tailor. 721 Market st
GOOD strcnic boy: $1 a day. Mutual Utho.
Co.. 2d and Brya«t •'«•: Bryant-st. entrance.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1500 Kentucky «t
WANTED — Young man with $100 for good-
paylng legitimate business. Box.*OCS. Call..
STRONG errand boy. with references. Apply
box 4IM. Call office.
WANTED — Toung man atenographor; state
age and experience If any. Jioi- 4141, Call.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 828 Bush
ft.. :sd floor, rocm 4.
WANTED — Every ynur.tr man to ask his con-
fecticner fcr CHICLETS.
NIGHT cook; buny kitchen; union house.
Cross' Bakery. SI7 Montgomery st
WANTED — Grocery clerk. G. S. BARTELK.
l&n Dapcr.t et. _
WAf»TEL> — First and second waiter at New
Golden tiate Hotel, 104 Fourth st
WANTED— Dlahwashtr! 9~Second st; call
tsrir. s
J!£££ p _5[ A j*TT_D— -MAIZE— Crnttnn«* u \
A— MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.' ',
Phone Main fl*4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French, Italian. ;
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian ami
Danish languages.
1003 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
W,000 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
Coal Miner*. FREE FARE. Coal Miners.
Oregon State. OREGON. State Oregon.
Coal miners for a ccod mine, big wajes.
Ship to-day. Fare refunded. Ship to-day.
V.'ASHINGTON.
Coal miners for State of Washington. $3 to
$3 75.
GOLD AND COPPER MINES. SILVER
MINES. MINES.
4 miners, cold mine,- $80.
tt S.
GOVERNMENT WORK. '
NEVADA. - STATE NEVADA. ,
$1 FEE. SHIP TO-DAY. $1 FEE.
'i"-J teameters, 2 and 4 horses, $75.
20 laborers, r.o experience needed. ?75.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MECHANICAL.
3 hardwood carpenters, $3 75 day; black- I
smith, country, $80 and found: 3 bench
hands. $30; machine hand, planing mill,
$3 50.
HOTEL HELP.
" cooks, 4 waiters, 7 kitchen Bands and dish-
washers, butchers, bakers
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
27 farm hands; 6 milkers: 9 choremeo; 7
choreboys, city and country.
SPECIALS.
READ THEM.
2 car repairers, company work. $3 day; 4
hand miners. Nevada, 8-hour shuts, $3 dayj
stableman, company, city, S'iO: stableman
and buggy washer, $20 and found; mlllman
on furniture, city Job; farmer and wife,
south, $40 and found; choreman and stable-
man, private family, country, $30 found. -
. . FOR A CAMP.
First second and third cooks, $60,. $40 and
$30; baker, same place, $50 and found; S
laborers, fare 50c, $60; trutcher. city Job.
$15 week; 4 boys to wrap soap. $4 week;
tailor, country shop; bookkeeper and stenog-
rapher, country: butcher, country shop;
working foreman, ranch, south, $35 to $40
and found.
FOREMAN.
Foreman, carpenter, to run gang of 15 men
on concrete form work; see bo«s here.
WALKING BOSS.
Walking boss for construction g^ng. $85 fd.
MINERS.
4 miners, Nevada, S hours $3 50 to $4.
Butcher, country shop. $30 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
SPECIAL.
NEW WORK.
15 teamsters for new work in center of mln-
ir.g district. $60. fare $1 90, ship to-night;
10 laborers, same Job, $tt0.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
S04 Market St., room 325, 5th floor.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. »
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Stenographer . . . : $15 week
Manager d-j>artment store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $15 week
Timekeepers $15 we^k
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $18 week
2 shipping clerk* $16 week
General office work $15 week
Bank clerk, bond required' $25 week
Young man. learn dentistry • ¦* $10 week
SM Market st. rocm 325, fifth floor.
ICECREAM maker: must be first class on lee-
cream. ¦ Individual and frozen puddings.
.BLUM'S, cor. Polk and Sutter sts.
A GOOD 10c barber shoo and lanudry office
for sale; guaranteed. 527 Sacramento st.
MEN— The only original Moler Bartwr College
teachen barber trade in S weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalosrue.
Moler Barber CoIIere. 049 Sacramento at
Irately moved from Clay st.
MEN— The original JNO. A. MOLER has
opened one of his famous barber colleges at
G44 Clay st. ; trade taught in S weeks; tuition
earned while learning; constant practice; ex-
.pert instructions; positions guaranteed. Call
or write fcorrect number) 644 Clay st.
WANTED — First-class carriage woodworker;
must be able to take charge of woodshop;
good wages to competent man. 100 Golden
Gate ave.
MEN and wemen to learn the barber trade;
It won't cost you ore cent: we teach you
free at HAIfiHTS BARBER SCHOOL. 611
Commercial st. .
3-CHAIR 10c barber shop; rent $12 50; price
1* $150: shop taking In from $15 to $55 a
week; 2 chairs steady. AddresB 227 I »t.,
Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. GrarTt bldg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st; 2C0 rooms; 25c to 5Oo per night
WANTED — Boy*. 17 and 18 years old. tor
wrappers. Apply superintendent's office. The
Emporium.
WANTED — First-class pantsmaker: good
chance; young Easterner preferred. 1003
Fillmore st.
WANTED — Boy with little experience to carry
out bread and help on cakes. Apply to 1080
Clay st. cor. Mason.
"WANTED — Educated gentleman competent for
encyclopedia work: salary $1000; references
required. 47, Academy of Sciences. »
WANTED — First-class barber, one who speaks
Polish language, for country; wages $20 per
week. Box 4537. Call office.
,
WANTED — Schoolboy to carry morning paper i
north Market st.. east Powell; no Sunday
work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
WANTED — Men to fill 350, rooms at 20c per
night; clothea closets, hair* mattress; electrlo
light in every room. CS1 Howard st
6. F. Barber College. 741 Howard st. wants all
young men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of Et Louis; red. rates.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to eoc. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid. '.open till 9 p.m.
YOUNG man desires the senricti of a school
t«aeher. Box 4549. Call. '
¦WANTED — First-class saloon porter: $12 week.
Call early, 152 East st. corner Howard.
WANTED — A first-class watchmaker. 8OR-
ENSEN CO.. 103 Sixth ut.
ERRAND boy to make himself useful In gents'
furnishing ctcre. ROGERSON, 535 Valencia.
FOR rale — Well located barber shop; good
transient trade. Box 4881,. Call.
BARBER shop in business block: would ex-
change for country one. Box 4750. Call.
ONE man 'to learn the barber trade, absolutely
free of rharre. 751 Mission st.
MEN to>learn the detective profession. 907
Market «., roornlOt v
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 2G Steuart st
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city, and coun^
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machlrery; sewed soles 10 mln.. 75c
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
¦hips. HALLBERT. S17 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachmsnts.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Mpntgy.. r.41.\
PENSION atty.. E.A.BullIs. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar- I
k«t — "CO rooms; 25c night; reading ¦ rooms;
free 'bui and baggage to and from ferry. -
A -BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
bees opened at 100S Market St., oppoalU
Fifth. Open until 11 p. at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Puncan and Church &ts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prltf. B<Vt Mirslon «t... bet. 1st and 2d sts.
_ HOPS]SS^TOIJ__\^ _ - - :
A — PRINTED Met of houses to let; Fend for clr-
cular. G. H. UMB8EX & CO., 20 Montgomery
TO let— Rear house of 4 rooms; 1332 Larkln
Apply J350 Larkln et.
HOPSZS TO LET — PTTBRISHEP.
OAK. 419 — Completely furnished modern house
10 rooms. 2 baths, garden and yard.
A NICELY, furnished S-room house; sunny
corner: piano. 12 to 4. 1306 Laguna st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
PEBSOITAI.S— Contlnnsd.
• 'R— E— X— R— A— D— I— O" S* *
B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N.
PUBLIC "FREE HEALING" before audience
TO-DAY. 2 and S p. m. (Office haurs 2 to 7.) I
RADIUM HALL. 7S.1«4 Market and 1 Fourth i
(corner Market and Fourth.)
"NON-MEDICAL" humanized Radium power Is
(solely) used In Rexradlo's treatments; no
medicine, no xnedlcaMnstruments.used.
"NAMES" and testimonials of patients al-
luded to BELOW shown at offices.
"DEAF MUTES" — Several recently made to
hear and SPEAK what they heard. Numer-
ous witnesses, one being Mr. Butler, well-
known S. F. CHRONICLE representative.
"TOTAL DEAFNESS" Rexradlo finds to b« a
mere BAGATELLE; nearly every case "be-
gins" to hear "whispered" words after 3 sec-
onds' treatment (Deaf mutes the same.)
"bisiFlkb 7r LADY. Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bart-
lett, by (one) treatment had her locked AN-
CHYLOSED joints made freely "movable"
several weeks ago; no "relapse." but still
further progress to date.
"BLINDNESS" seemed Imminent; within C
days Rexradio restored good sight
"LEAPING" CRIPPLE; paralysis: dragged
foot, limb nearly "powerless"; 10 second*'
treatment and I LEAPED before audience.".
"LONG DISTANCE" HEARING. My ear to-
tally deaf from childhood; by 1 treatment
heard (whisper) at 70 feet."
"FEMALE WEAKNESS"— My trouble was
quickly removed by Rexradlo.
•"CANCER" disappeared In one hour after
Rexradio' s (one) treatment
' "UP IN THE AIR" In elevator with man
having "crooked" arm. Couldn't straighten
It Rexradlo was there, too. and by "mo-
ment's" touch straightened It before descend-
ing elevator stopped. Editor of TOWN TALK
was present Witnessed >y me — WILLIAM
ORMSBY.
"BEDRIDDEN" — I saw Rexradio treat man
for years "helpless" In bed. bad to be
"lifted" in and out of bed; Instantly rosa
(unaided) from bed. Other similar cases.
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment straightened
my "bent" limb (rheumatism).
"TYPHOID FEVER" overcome by only two
treatment*; no RELAPSE.— Knott, 112 Fell. I
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA"— Couldn't stand un-
supported; 1 treatment Tuesday and Instant-
ly stood, walked "unsupported."
"ANCHYLOSIS" of knee: couldn't straighten
leg or move knee; did both instantly.
"HE SEES" objects (outlines) at SO feet;
eyes "blind" 7 years (1 treatment Tuesday).
"REXRADIO'S" 1 treatment entirely removed
my "dropsy" and straightened limb.
"SUICIDE" avoided; protracted disease ren-
dered life a harden; orten thought cf sui-
cide, after spending largely, vainly, for re-
lief; then Rexradlo made quick. compl*te
cure, months ago; no HE LAPSE.
"REXRADIO" rescued me quickly from th«
fiery purgatory of "neuralgia."
"ANCHYLOSIS cf Joints, knees, ankles, hips,
toes, fingers, wrists, elbows, shoulders, neck,
etc., which others deem Incurable.' have
often yielded to Rexradlo's very first treat-
ment' " Testimonials shown.
"PAINS" of all kinds (neuralgia, sciatica,
rheumatism, gout, etc.) usually have been
expelled by Rexradlo's "first" treatment
Proofs — Numerous testimonials.
"RESURRECTION" excepted. BROKER, one
of our leading citizens, recently (publicly)
said: "I have seen Rexradio do nearly in-
cradiMe healing wonders In my office. I
"verily believe he can do almost anything but
RAISE THE DEAD. I am ready to put up
my money on It"
"$1000 FORFEIT' If above digests ut cases are
not "genuine." Stacks of testimonials.
"NOTE THIS" — Names of all above patients
given at offices to persons similarly afflicted;
we object to "publication" of their nan*«.
Above "digests" of cases refer to results of
"first" treatment, which benefits usually be-
come perfect and permanent after a few
"further" treatments.
"REXRADIO7 can and dews DO ALL HE
CLAIMS TO DO. HE FEARLESSLY CHAL-
LENGES COURTEOUS (CRUCIAL) INVE3-
•* TIGATION.
"CONSULTATION" given free. TERMS for
treatment to suit circumstances.
"PUBLIC HEALING" before audiences free tu
poor TO-DAY. 2 and S p. m. Rexradio also
publicly gives every one in audience desiring
It a "sample" of his peculiar healing power.
Bring your paralytic^ mutes, etc. (worst
cases). Come early to avoid crowding-- RA-
DIUM HALL. 7S3V» Market tt. and 1 Fourth
V (corner Market and Fourth).
A^BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIAKS ANU SUBQEOXS.
DrTc.~C. O'DONNELL— Office am*, residence.
102m Market et., bet. 6th and 7th. particu-
lar , attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73>£ Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM." herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at C67 Geary St., near Leaven worth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-S Clay st
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlmcham. 204 Sutter.
PTJKCKASTNQ AGENCIES.
_CJ.ARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 303 Larkln st. room 4!): tel. South aiff.
FBOPOSAXiS.
UNITED STATES Engineer's Office. Flood
building. San Francisco. CaL. Nov. 8, 1904. —
Sealed proposals for dredging In Naps. River.
Cal.. will be received here until 12 noon.
December 8 19O4. Information on applica-
tion. W. H. HECER. Col. Engrs.
BoonyQ.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid and
repaired; low prices; all work guaranteed.
Chicago Roofing Company. F. HERRMANN.
Manager. 600 Second at.
SE W IWG MAOTCPTE3 AJSTp STTPPIiIES.'
THE balance cf our shopworn sswlng machines
will be closed cut this week at about one-
third usual prlc«s: this Is the chance of a
lifetime to buy the best machine on earth
at little i rice. Whit* Sewing Machine Co..
new retail office 815 Market st.
ALL mattes: 2d band. 12, $5. $7. $9; new. $4,$3;
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak, $13; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth st; tel. Jessie 3795.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $3. $3; slightly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the wladow. 1061 Market st
ALL kinds bought sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission.
STORAGE AND WAEEHOUSE3.
A^EMPORIUM Storare A Van Co.: furnltum.
household goods stored, moved, shlped. 723-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Grant 131.
CAPITAL .Van and Storage Co.. S Eddy st:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.:
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
flee Post and Powell sts.: tel._Prt Ex. 5T1.
i CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
j dire. 833 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 120.
PACIFIC Storage and Furnttnre Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flilniore St.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., II Mont-rwnery
,, st; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
.- stop DBrsxnro.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c: tablet~form
mailed In plain package: bas cured thoti-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F. |
TO IiEASE.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st Apply at
barber shop.
TTPEVRTTEHS AND SUPPIIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
hicher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 53<t California st
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wefcstor Typewriting In«p*c. Co.. 5OJ* Market.
J25tZ]fcJ
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters/
"home treatment: booklet free; writ* for tt
VI AVI CO.. Van Neaa. Phone East 232. '
ifEAT. ESTATI — CXTY — TOZt SAI.B.
SPECK & CO.
Seli:r.gr. 2u0 Montgomery st. Insurance.
Leasing. Itents collected.
$40.t>00 — Vicinity Fourth and F.^som sts.:
6S:»_l»:i> feet. '- fruntases: yays 6 per
cent net.
$20.000 — Fine 33-ft corner north of and within
2 Mocks of Martet St., 9 new fiats;
rented for $2Ci*i>; pays over ltt per cent
net. , ?
$20.50tv— p, Ik st. busines3 property; 30-ft. lot;
rented for $132 5i> mor.th.
$14, GOO — 3 elegant. n«w. modern flats: desir-
able cart of We»r*rn Addition: 23-ft.
lot; rents $1410 yearly: want an offer.
$13,500 — Fine stuth cf Market at. business cor-
ner, en Fotsom st.. cl .-• In. wi:li < - .1
Improvements; income il~:>;; lot 2T>x90.
$13.230 — N»w Richmond fiats, close In ami near
GolJen Gcte Park; r^nts $137 50 month:
bank mortgage $SJu> caa remain; lot
4axl2O feet.
$11.250— a Western Addition flats, within few
blocks cf City Hall: CVft. lot; rentinc
for $12Co: $7wa> bank mortgage can re-
main.
$9. S5O— splendid new Western Addition flats:
25-ft. lot: rented for $llli>: a good- buy.
54,M»j — South o* Market St. investment; pay-
lnp 17 per cert, r.et: fiats; 25-it. let: s>
splendid small inv^strrer.t.
$2,230— A pretty new cottage in the Mission.
5 rooms ami bath; If t 23x1 0O; corner.
CHOICE LOTS.
$35,000— Superb corner. 137:rtxl2S; finest resi-
dence site in the city; unsurpassed mar*
ine vtew.
$13.500— Fine lot on 11th st. near Folsom: SOx
200; make offer.
$1,500 each for very choice lots In Richmond
district, clone to main entrance Goldea
Gate Park; on 4 car lines; nothing bet-
ter In vicinity.
SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st
Opposite Mills building.
GOING FAST! *
GOINO FAST.
Lots In the block bounded by Halght. A.«b-
b'lry, Clayton and Waller sts. are going very
rapidly, one-half the lots already sold. Better
be quick: this Is the last of the Panhandle
blocks an.'l it will very soon be gone; where-
can ycu buy a lot that is as good an ' Invest-
ment or that will pay as good interest when
improved.' Price $Ut32O and upward. Easy
ten^s if desired. ,
LYON A HOAG,
' 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
SOME MORE SOLD.
f 1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots, Excelsior Homestead Tract;
level as a billiard table: on grade; close ta
fine school and Misslon-st electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocean Boulevard; best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st. r. 9. Phone Main 8704.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT — $140 PER
FRONT FOOT.
Lot 40x100. on sur.r.y side of Howard st, 50
feet north of Fourteenth; In Mission warm
belt; no fogs, no wir.ds; a splendid location for
4 Cats and 2 stores; as an income investment
It wculd pay owner ai follows: 4 fiats wouit
rent for $35 p«?r menth each. 2 stores $40 per
month each, making a total income of over
$200 per menth.
G. THI3TLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
EXTRA BARGAIN.
Only $5m»> cash, balance bank mortgage can
remain: Mission st. near 20th: 4«>x95: 2 lanf*
stores and 2 flats above of 6 rooms and ba'h
each; all In perfect order: new plumblnac
throughout: rays 15'i per cent on money
actually invented.
THORNF & KILPATRICK.
312 Bush St.
$4K>0— 9-ROOM house; 2 lots; 4C0 Fair Oaks."
$34CO — $500 down; new house. 8 r. and b.:
Precita ave.
$ltiflO — $4CO down; new cottage. 4 r. and b. :
30S China ave. ,
$1300 — Cottage. 5 r. and b. : on Folsora st.
terms. D. COFFIN. 2528 MiMlcn. nr. 2l3t.
~ SNAP—FOR SALE
Lot SOxlCO; prlca $a«): Felton st. between
P.in Bruno ave. and Giranl st. San Francisco.
Inquire owner, 511 Broadway.
FOR sala — 3 colonial fcoases. 6 roams. fca;a
and basement: beautifully finished, up i»
date and sunny: east side of Tenth avs.. near
I st. Sunset Hallett A Gee. on premises.
J1400 — TERMS If desired; .10- foot front; block
of 13th and Valencia: street work compiete.
The Dolan Co.. 1»;<>7 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $200O HOME built to suit you. It ¦ Included,
any location, en $1 25 per week. Mutual
Horn* Buildin? A«»cciatlon. 427 Croasley bid
MODERN bathrooms fitted up; estimate*.
Ah'.bach A Mayer, Plumbers. SM Howard st.
HOt'SE3 built ch?ap; plans free. Builder.
4-1» Parrott building-
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Week:?
Calt. 1(5 pages. «>ert to any a^res* In th»
United States or Cag-dn on* y?ar for $1.
REAL EST ATI! — COXTNTBY — Tot laio.
SALE or exchange for city property: sacrifice:
153 acre*. Napa Co.: GO acres in cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped ami
paying: beautiful place; gentleman's home.
SHADBURXE. 4C5 Montgomery st
$4CC0 FOR a lOCO-acre stock ranch in Sonoma
County: house, barrs. plenty of water an<l
wood, fine for hog raisinsr. P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 4<S« Tenth st.. Oakland. CaL
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send pcstal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOO3TER CO..
C4S Market st.
FOR sale — From 10 to 50 acres In vineyard:
near Mulr station. Santa Fe Railroad. Ad-
dress E. B.. &O7 Sixth st. Oakland.
A WEEK'3 news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
ALAMEDA APVERT^M'TS
ALAMEDA BT?-Tt ZSTATS.
$3250— NEW cottage of 6 rooms: lot 50x108; at
153f> Union st. J. H. YOUNG, owner and
builder. 1243 Park st. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADYERT^NTS^
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
flOOO '
A CHOICE hone, on Delaware st.. BftritstoTT 9
rooms and bath: tot 40x135; new aad rood«rn:
runny exposure; fine view; easy terms aC
payment lr desired; no trouble to snow prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Iaa.1.
1172 Broadway, eornsr Fourteenth tt,
Oakland.
$315O — NEW. modern, 7-room house; IS min-
utes from North Berkeley station: htgn
ground : fine view. R. A- BERRY * CO..
Postofflce block. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE APVERT'STS
rBimmxii bial istatb.
OFFICE OPEN SUNDAYS*
M- C GIBSON. 1328 FRUITVALE ATB..
NEAR EAST FOURTEENTH ST.
PHQrtB VALE 20a
OFFICE OPEN EVENING. 8
FOR sale — $2750; tt cost $3750; mt* for $2O
per month: 2 cottages on lot 40x150. Apply
to 8. 8. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third are..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERryMTa
OFFICE, 1016 BROAD WAT.
OAKIiAITP RIAIi ESTATB.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$3200 for a corner stcre with flats above. In-
cluding small cottage in rear of lot: located in
v.v-*t Oakland; must be sold on account of sick-
ness. See P. C. LASSEN A CO.. 468 Tenti
st, Oakland.
$4750— FINEx home tn beautiful Linda Vista
Terrace ;-3iew; finely finished in every de-
tali: » rooms, etc.: price reduced from $<500O:
owner must J>ell on account of mortgage. Se*
P, C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C8 ICth st. Oakland.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont;
fine -neighborhood: good location: near .'ear
lire; will setl cheap: must be seen to be a^-
prxHated. Appry to E. MORRI5. «7> ZStjt it.
OaKLABO FXISMIT'JKS 70S
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la furni-
ture. H 1 Scl____as^_________rtor__^klaniJ
Continued on Page Fonrteeta. -
***^ ' • ~ ' *-*-• ¦ ' ¦ .'. ¦_¦ .A dog will butt in on mighty little
provocation.
: PIERSON ESTATE. — The estate of the late
William M. Plerson has > been appraised at
$227,560 44. of which $123,587 Is in cash, stock
and bonds and the remainder In realty. Of
the real estate the principal property is that
on Montgomery street, near Sacramento, val
ued at $95,000, and subject to a mortgage of
£75,000. •
Another move in the litigation over
the property of the aged and incompe
tent sisters, Mary. Ann McCann and
Eliza J. Stoddard, \ was made yester
day by the; filing -of a suit to compel
the reconveyance by Mrs. Stoddard to
Mrs. McCann of a" half interest in the
property at Harrison and Thirteenth
streets. It was bequeathed to them
by their brother, David Fitzgibbon.
The plaintiff in the action is the Cen
tral Trust / Company," as guardian for
Mrs. McCann, and the defendants are
Stoddard,; her guardian; Isabella
Af fleet, and Joseph M. Toner. It is al
leged that- on November * 16 last, by
fraud and in conspiracy, Mrs. McCann
was persuaded; by Toner to deed her
half interest in the, lot to Mrs.; Stod
dard and that at that; time Mrs. Mc-
Cann was, incapable of doinjr an v busi
ness.
Want Property Rcconveyed.
Judgment In favor of Jennie Lowen
thal was given yesterday by Judge
Hebbard in her suit against J. Ber
nard and her husband, H. H. Lowen
thal, for the reconveyance of j four
valuable parcels of realty. < Bernard is
Lowenthal's guardian, the latter hav
ing .been adjudged incompetent on
September 22. The wife alleged that
Lowenthal, laboring under a delusion,
hPld a heavy cane over her head and
compelled her to sign a deed under
threat of death. She signed the docu
ment on August 22, but declared that
it was never duly acknowledged. The
property, which had been conveyed to
her for use of herself and children
eight years before by her husband, is
located on Washington, Devisadero.
Baker and Ridley streets and is worth
more than $30,000.
Mrs. Lowenthal Wins.
Kiniry received his wound last night
while attempting to enter the house of
E. L. Doheny, a wealthy citizen of
Chester place. He was detected enter
ing a window of the house by Special
Officer Hendrickson and attempted to
make his escape. The officer opened
fire, wounding Kiniry slightly. He,
however, succeeded in getting away in
the darkness. To-day he was found at
the residence of C. P. Barnes, where ha
had been rooming for four months past
under the name of Fred West. He Is
only about 22 years old.
The crime for which Kiniry Is wanted
was one of the most sensational in the
police annals of the State. After a long
series of burglaries in Oakland, during
the fall of 1903, Klnlry, together with a
pal, Frank Goldstein, was detected on
the night of November 27 attempting
to enter a private house there. A pistol
duel between the officer and the burg
lars ensued, In which the officer shot
and killed Goldstein, and was pursuing
and firing at Kiniry when the latter
turned and shot the officer dead. He
succeeding in making his escape from
the city, and while .a search for him
has been kept up from the date of the
crime, no trace of him has been found
until to-day.
The authorities have not decided
what to do with the prisoner. If the
Oakland police have a case against
him they will be permitted to take
him there for trial. He can be con
victed here of eight burglaries and of
the murderous assault upon the of
ficer last night.
In the presence of half a dozen de
tectives to-night Fred West, alias Kin
iry, confessed that he was one of the
men who, on November 27 last year,
engaged In the running fight which re
sulted in the murder of Policeman
James H. Smith of Oakland. The pris
oner denies, however, that he fired the
shot which killed the officer. He de
clares that that shot was fired by Gold
stein, the other burglar, who was killed
in the fight.
"I begged Goldstein to quit the bur
glary-business," said Kiniry to-night.
"I told' him his duty was to his mother
and sister, but he declared he found it
easier than working. On the night of
the killing we had been through two
houses and when that policeman tried
to arrest us we had the stuff on us.
We ran and the policeman ran after
us. Goldstein stopped and said he
'was going to kill the bull' and began
shooting at the officer. I kept on and
did not fire a shot. Goldstein called to
me that he had been shot and wanted
me to help him. By that time the po
liceman was out of business, for Gold
stein had fixed him. I took Goldstein
to some Chinese, but they would not
bind his wounds. Then we went to the
place where they later found his body.
He died in my arms there and I left
him. I took part of the stuff he had
with him and went, downtown. The
next day I went to San Francisco. Yes,
I admit I was there, but no man can
prove that I fired a shot at that officer.
"I committed the big jewelry rob
bery in San Francisco unassisted. It
was easy. I passed a policeman on
the corner, got into the house
through a window and got the jewel
ry. I knew there was other good
picking in that house, but I could not
get into one of the rooms and had to
leave sooner than I wanted to. I aiso
committed that Potter job in Chicago.
I worked there for months and got
away with nearly $10,000 worth of
stuff, but I lost most of it. I have
been working in Los Angele3 for
months and have robbed twenty-three
houses here."
Kiniry became visibly excited when
accused of being the fugitive murderer.
A detailed description of Kiniry, sent
out from Oakland at the time of the
murder, was then Becured and com
pared with the prisoner. It was found
to fit him exactly in every detail. In
face of all the proof the prisoner stead
fastly maintained he was not Kiniry.
Later he was removed from the oper
ating table to a room in the hospital
and a strong watch placed over him.
He is known as a desperate character
and every precaution will be taken to
prevent his escape from the hospital
until he can be removed to Jail.' His
injuries are not serious.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10.— A sensa
tion was unearthed at the Los Angeles
police headquarters to-day when Fred
West, who was wounded last night by
Special Policeman J. S. Hendiickson
while he was attempting to rob the
residance of E. L. Doheny In Chester
place, was identified on the operating
table at the / Emergency Hospital as
P. David Kiniry (or Kanary), wanted In
Oakland for the murder of Policeman
James H. Smith on November 27, 1903,
and for the arrest of whom a reward
of $1250 is offered. The identification
of Kiniry was made by Detective Paul
Flammer of the city • detective force,
who, in examining the mouth of the
prisoner, discovered a false porcelain
tooth, which corresponded with the
printed description of the murderer of
Smith.
Tries to Shift All Responsi
bility for the Crime on
Frank Goldstein, His Com
panion, Who Is Now Dead
ADMITS IDENTITY
TO THE DETECTIVES
P. David Kiniry, Wanted
for Complicity in Killing of
Oakland Policeman, Is
Arrested in Los Angeles
Emeline H. Blanding (owner) with J. B.
Relte (contractor) architect — All work for
two-stcry frame building on lot 11, block C,
Park Hill Homestead No. 2; $3940.
The Townsend Company (owners) with
Thomas Butler (contractor), architects Sutton
& Weeks — Brick work, brick vaults, fire walls,
Betting of Iron . work, cementing, etc., for a
three-story and basement brick building on
the W corner of '. King and Seventh streets,
NW 264 by SW 275; $31,350.
Same owners with Lllley & Thurston (con
tractors), architects same — Klnnear rolling
doors for same on same; $1940.
iSame owners with Crichton & Harreleon
(contractors), architects same — Concrete floors,
chutes pipe, trenches, etc., for same on same;
$30,800, .
Nellie K. and William B. Blair to Emit
Schmidt, lot on E line of Eureka street, 147:6
S of Twentieth, S 25 by E 125; $10.
K. D. Block to Anals Hale, lot on N line of
Sacramento street, 153:2 W of Montgomery, W'
22:9, N 69:9, W 25, N 50:0, E 47:0. S 119:6;
$10.
Edward J. Le Breton to Josephine C H.
Boyle, lot on W line of Kearny street and NE
of Montgomery avenue, N 125 :7H. W 40:1 U. S
7:0, W 7:ti, S 7:6, W 22:6, 8 26:5%, SE 109:6;
$10.
Nat M. and Pauline Raphael to Thomas
Genazzl. lot on W line of Mason street, 68:9
N of Jackson. N 62:9 by W 137:6; $10.
Lillian Meyer to George W. Kallstrom, lot
on W line of Jones street, 80 S of Vallejo. S
20 by W 68:6, and property out of county;
gift.
Real Estate and Development Company to
George J. Reghitto. lot on E line of Missouri
street. 175 N of Maripo6a, N 25 by W 120;
grant.
Sarah H. R. Hume to Theresa A. Meagher.
lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue. 30O N of
Clement street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Twenty-fifth
avenue, 315:4 N of B street, N 60 by B 120;
$10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to E. W. and
Kate McCutchen, lot on W line of Second ave
nue. 150 S of B street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Enoch and Mathilda J. Lawson to Otto and
Amanda Wilson lot on W line of Seventh ave
nue, 49 N of Fulton street. N 24:6 by W 100;
$10.
Albert Meyer to Adelaide F. Morris, lot on
\V line of Twentieth avenue, 100 N of I street,
N 25 by W 120; $10.
Annie, Mary J. and Thomas Jennings to
Mary D. Kearney, lot on E 11m of Tenth
avenue. 110 S of I street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Katherine E. Koebelln to William J. Howes,
lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue, 76 S of I
street, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Annie and Thomas Ahkmann (or Ahkann)
to Charles Martin, lot on W line of Tenth
avenue, 125 S of K etreet, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Albert U. and
Ruth H. Brandt, lot on E line of Forty-eighth
avenue, 200 S of S street, S 25 by E 240; $10.
Mary P. MacCrellish to Tomaso Varnl. lot
on NW line of Mission street, 186:6 SW of
Twenty-ninth, SW 76:4%. NW 116:10%. NE
26:4iJi, SE 16-10%. NE 60, 8E 100; $10.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to
Michael J. Sullivan, lot on N lino of Monte
zuma street, 275 W of California avenue, W
25 by N 70, lot 23. gift map 3; $10.
Hulda C. and J. P. S. Johnson to Sophia
Peters, lot on N line of Army street, 100 E
of Harrison, E 60, N 103:7%. W 60. S 101:10.
Precita Valley lands; $10.
M. and Susie Mlgnaceo to Dora Wollen
pchlager. lot commencing 30 SW of SW line of
Huron and Farragut streets, SW 25 by SE
100, lot 20. block B, West End map 2; $10.
James Robinson to Eliza Robinson, lot 8,
block 227. O'Neil and Haley Tract; gift.
Julius C. Rels to Chester S. Freeland, lot
0, block 4, Reis Tract; grant.
Same to 'V. George Brazzale, lot 13, block
26, Rela Trnct; grant.
Same to Albert A. Russell, lots 40 and 41,
block 29. Rels Tract; grant.
John M. and Mary Mclnnes to Jacob Hey
man Co.. lot on S line of Alvarado street. 250
W of Hoffman avenue, W 25 by S 118, lot
185, Heyrcan Tract; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
•George S.. Ollle E., Grace M., Sam M., Ade
laide G., William H. Jr., and Ju&nlta M. Crlm
to John C. Flood, lot on NW corner of Twenty
second and Florida streets. N 104 by W 60:
$10.
John and Ellen Landsburg to August and
Dagmar Lund, lot on E line of Noe street. 88
S of Alvarado, S 26 by E 101:10- $10.
Henry L. Rea to Ernestine Rea (wife), lot
on E lln« of Hartford street, 197:6 S of Nine
teenth, S 24 :C by E 125; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Hartford
street. U02:G N of Twentieth. N 27:6 by W
125; gift.
Same, to same, lot on W line of Hartford
street. 148:6 N of Twentieth N 44 by W 125;
gift.
Abby F. (or Abble F.) Blckel to George K.
Frlnk. lot on N line of Washington street.
100 E of First avenue, E 27, NE 256:6, W
27, SW 256:6; $10.
George K., Susie H. and Minerva K. Frlnk
to Thomas T. Taylor, same; $10.
William and Janet Dlzney to Luigl De
vlncenzl, lot on W line of Cook street, 150 S
of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by W 120. block
K. Junlpero Homestead; $10.
Mary A. Dougherty to Thomas J. Dougherty,
lot on N line of Washington etreet, 112:6 W
of Laurel, W 25 by N 127:SVi; gift.
Almon B. Goff to Ella M. Goff. lot on N line
of Fell street, 178:0 W of Van N«ss avenue,
W 22:11 by N 120; also lot on E line of San
chez street, 68:6 N of Day. N 28:6 by E 80;
gift.
Mary A. Dougherty to Mary F. Dougherty,
lot on W line of Octavla street. 40 S of Page,
S 20 by W 87:6; gift.
Olaf L. Johnson to William and Marie Oecha
lln, lot on N line of Union street. 27:6 W
of Buchanan. W 27:6 by N 110; $10.
R D. and Jennie Cranston to A. F. Ger
trude Reuter, H. O Clara Reuter and Wil
liam A. F. Reuter, lot on SE corner of Page
and Cole streets, S 37:6 by E 81; $10.
Sophy E. Reynolds (Anderson) to Augusta
Anderson, lot on E line of San Bruno street,
25 by 130 to Patterson, subdivisions 20 and 67,
Haley's map 1, Precita Valley 319 to 333; $10.
Amanda Fltts (Anderson) to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Odd Fellows: Cemetery Association to August
Briel, lot In cemetery; $265.
Morris Herzstein to Cora A. Wallace, all
property In California; $10.
Cora A. Wallace to Charles F. Ehelbley, lot
on W line of Twentieth avenue, 225 S of Cle
ment street. S 100 by W 120; $10.
' Bernhard and Rose Getz to Thomas N. and
Mary J. Prudden. lot on SE line of Athena
street, 175 SW of Brazil, SW 25 by SE 100.
block 73, Excelsicr Homestead; $160.
Thomas L. Rutherford and J. G. Smith to
Charles Bone ; lot In Masonlo Cemetery, quit
claim deed; $50.
THURSDAY. NOV. 10.
Frank Ubhaus to Margaret E. or Maggie K.
Ubhaus, lots 193 to 204, 229 to 240, block 18,
tide lands; gift.
Isabella Hlgglns to Margaret E. Malloy
(wife of W. B.), lots 162 to 166, block 8, Acad
emy Tract; J10.
Leopold and Sarah Welnsteln to Jacob Hey
man Company lot on ND line of Girard
street, OS NW ot Burrows, NW 50 by NE 120,
block 3, University Mound; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Mary Moore, lot 87, block
3. Reis Tract; grant.
Oscar Heyman to M. C. Meeker, tats 063,
565 and 3C7, gift map 2; $10.
M. C. and Flavla Meeker to O. A. Hunne
well. name; $1. . *¦•
James C. Welsh to Edmund W. Madden, lot
on E line of Harper street. 220 S of Thirtieth,
8 25 by E 125, block 25, Fairmount; $10.
'Mlna and John Christian to Andrew Bossow
or Bosson or Basson or Basaow. lot on SW
line of Thirtieth avenue. 250 NW of G street.
NW CO by SW 100, block 53T, Bay View Home
stead; $10. *,
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco (religious corporation sole) to W. Tracy,
lot on w line of Ninth avenue, 110 S of Cal
ifornia street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to William Peacock lot on NB corner of
Tenth avenue- and Clement street, E 32:1} by
N 100; crant.
John McMahon to Edward H. and Mary
Commlns. lot on SE corner ot Twelfth and
Point Lobos avenues, S 100 by E 32:6; also
lot on NW corner of Twenty-second avenua
and A street, N 100 by W 67:0; also lot on
SK corner of Thirty-sixth avenue and B street,
S 240, E 120. N 140. W 62:6, N 100. W
57:6; $10.
William McL. Levensaler et al. to Joseph
G Levensaler. lot on SE llne\f Howard street,
3(X> SW of Fifth, SW 25 by SE 80; $10.
Felix O'Nell to Hattle G. Mann, lot on
NS line, of Langton street, 105 NW of Fol
som, NW 25 uy NE 80; $10.
Clarence M. Mann to same, same: gift: .
John. George L. and Margaret E. Center
to Henry E. Bothln. lot on SE corner of
Nineteenth and Harrison streets, E 200 by S
200; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Annie
Widmar (wife of Jacob), lot on E line 1 of San
Bruno avenue, 175 S of Nineteenth street. S
25 by E 100; $10.
Laura C. Sanchez to Arnold W. Llechtl,
lot on S line of Lake street. 50 E of Twenty
third avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Minnie and A M. Barker to Daniel W.
Kennedy, lot on NW corner of Twenty-third
avenue and California street, N 100 by W
32:6; $10.
WEDNESDAY. NOV. 9.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Nov. 10.
Stmr Asuncion. ; _Brtd«ett. 7S hours from
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Lizzie
Prlen. for San Francisco. ,, .
ABERDEEN— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Marion.
for San Francisco; schr Chas E Wilson, for
San Francisco: stmr Santa Monica, for ban
Pedro; stmr Norwood, for San Pedro.
Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Coronado, hence
Nov 7.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 10— U S «mr
Sherman for Manila. ' . „ .
Passed Nov 10— Bark General Falrcnlia.
from Haanopall. for Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Moltke,
for Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
stmr Mongolian, for Glasgow, via Bermuda
and Havana. •
Arrived Nov 10^ — Stmr Phoenicia, from Ham
burg.
NAPLES — Arrived Nov 5— Stmr Ultonla. from
New York, for Trieste and Flume. Nov 10 —
Stmr Romanic, from Boston, via Ponta del
Gada.
HAMBURG — Arrived Not 10— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York and Dover.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Wll.
helm der Gro*se, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Ma
jestic, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Not 10— Stmr Minne
tonka. for New York.
TRIESTE— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Glula. for
New York.
GENOA — Sailed Not 10 — Stmr Lombardia.
for New Tork.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Nov 10— Btmr I^uxor.
from San Francisco, for Hamburg.
HAVRE— Arrived Not 10— Stmr La Savoie.
from New York.
¦ ? »
PATTERSON EXTRADITED.— Edward S.
Patterson, alias Planter, accused of having
forged the name of his stepfather. Dr. Patter
son, a wealthy physician, to a check for $3600.
was taken back to Detroit yesterday morning
by Lieutenant Lally of the Detroit department
to answer charges.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
FUGITIVE
MURDERER
IS CAUGHT
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
v<^~f^S. Trmins Imt. mn>\ mre das
/aV,<TT77O» 'Nl to « r r I ¦»© at
ffuttp£|z) SAN FRANCISCO.
VO^^^fV' FlKKT DSPOY
, \ J^ (Toot of Market Street >
*.'»" - MAIN LINE. -akhttT
7-COa VacaTtlle. Winter*. Kitnuey / >>Q»
7.00a Benicia. Elmlra and Sacramento.. 7.20f»
7 30a Vallejo. Napa, Caltstoc*. Sant»
Itosn. Martinez. S.ui Kauion 8?3»
7 30a N!!e>. Tracy. Litthrop. .stock: on 7.20*
8 00A Shut* Exprew— (Via 1>»t!«>.
WllUwnj. Willows, tfrnto. l:e<l
l*lu;r. Portland. Tscoma, Seattle 7.5Q>
8 OCA Psrl.i. Woodland. Knlchu Lauil:ng.
MarySTlIle. Oruvllle 750»
8 30a Martinez. Anjlnch. Byron. Tracy.
Stoctton. Ni'iv'uii. Lo* Iinnoa.
Mendota. .'irmunn. Hinfirl.
Vl«»:l*. rr>rt«ir»llle 4.20*
8-30A fort Coata. Modesto, Merced.
Fretno. t>oih<*n Juactlon, lisa-
ford. VUs!!». rti'«MOeld 4.5O
8 30 A Slles, 8«n Jow. Llrermore. Stock-
ton. (t.Mllton). »one. Sacrnmenta,
Marjrrl'.le. Cn!co. V.ed Bluff .... 4-20*
830 a Oakdnle. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o-
norn. Tnolmnne »nd Angels ?'%„
8 00a Atlantic Kxpres*— OgJcn *nd E*»t. 5 ZUi»
|.30a Richmond, Martinez and Wsj
Stations 8-53P
1000a Toe Overland Limited — Ogien.
Omaha. Chicago, Deader. Ksa«as
CUT. St. Louis ,281*
1000a Vallejo..., 12-20*
10.00a Lo» Animles Pamenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Trncy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Ksymond. Freino. Goshen Jn no-
tion, Hunford. Letnoore, VUalls.
Bakersdeld. Lo» Angeles I'in
12.00m Hsyward. Nllessnd Wsy Sutions. ,f20»»
11.0CP Sucramento Rlrer Steamers tll.00*
3 JOp Benlcti, Winter*. B*cramento.
Woodland, ttnlgho Laadlng.
Msryivilie. Orovllle snd wsy
.rations 'SfS*
.V30PH»yw»rd.X:;enndW»y Stations.. 7-50«»
5 30 P Port Costa. M irCnec, By roo.Tracy,
Lathrop. s to.- Wan. Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fresno sad
Way 9t»tlon»heyond Port Cott* 12-20*
4.00P Msrtia r z.San IUmcn, ValleJo»X»ps, _ „
C»ll»tous. 3»nt* Uo»«. .225*
4 OOp sues. Trscy. Stockton 10 ?2 / *
4.30P Hsywsrd, Nlles. Irving-ton, Ssal t8.50*
Joie. LIT ennora > 111.50a
StOPTh« Owl Limited— Ntwnun, Los
Bsnoa. Menrtoia. Vreina. Tulsxs.
Bakersoeld. Los Angeles 8-50*
tS 30p Hmywsrd. Nile* man s»n Jone 7.20 a
6. OOp lUyward. Nile* and San Jo*« 9-50A
COOP Eaitern Ex press— Umabs.Cblcsgo,
Denver. Kaunas City. £t. Lou.'»,
• Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento,
Colfaz, ICeno. Sparici, Montello,
mmi. Osden 12-50*
f.OOp Vallelo. dally, except dundsy.... I 7 . n _
70CP Vallejo. Sunday only .....f 7 ' 50P
7 COP Ulchmond. aan Pablo, Port Coata,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20*
7-COp Reno Pa**enger— Port Costa. Be-
ntcls. Siilsua, Elnnlrs, btxon,
Darls. Sscrsmento. Spark*. Tono-
pab. Kee'er and Way Station*... 7-5QA
• 05p Oregon A California Kxpre**— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllle. Heddlog;
Portland. Puget Sound And Bait. 8-50*
S.IOp llay ward, Kile* and San Jo*e (Sun-
dayonly) 11-50*
COAST LINE (.larrow i.auscs).
< (Foot of XUrkct StreHt.)
815a Newark. CenterrUle. Sun Jote,
Felton. Boalder Craek. Santa
Cruz anil Way Stations 5 55p
t2.15P Newark. CentRrvllle. San Josa.
Kew AlmnUen. I,o* O*to«.Fe;ton,
"ou'('.'.t Creak. Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Sutions tlQ.55%
4.1BP Newark. San Joie, Los Gatos... ] *]§'||^
«»9 3CP Hunters' Trstn (Saturday oaly>—
San Juic and Wsy Station* *7.25?
COAST LINE («roa.: «,«««»).
m t-*~<tii(rd »ml 1'DWnicn.l Street*.)
6 10a San Jo»e an<t Way Station* 8 30p
700 a San Jo*e and Way btiitton* 543p
8 COa New Almndea (Tuei.. Frtd.. only). 4.10?
8 COa The Coaster— San Jone. SaMnss.
Ssn Ardo, 1'uo noble*. Sanu
Margarita, San Lai* Ol>!»po,
Oua<lalnpe. Gnvlota. S»uta Bar-
bara. San Buenarentura. Mon-
talro. Oznard. Uarbank. Lo*
Angele* 10-39>
B 00a Ollroy. HoiUster, CantroTllIe. Del
Monte, Psclflf Grove, Surf, Lotn-
„ „ o poc 10.30P
9,00a Sin Joie. Tres PInoi.Wstsonvliie,
Cspttola, Sanu Cruz, Puclde
Grove. S.illoaa. Saa Lul* Ubispo
and Prlncipa: W«y Station*. ... 4.10>
10-IOa San Joie aad way Station* 1.20p
11 20a San Jose *ad Way Stations........ 7 *0;»
215PSan Joie and Wsy SutKoi 8 38*
i.CCPDel Mnnte Kipreii— Santa Clsra,
J-an Jo«f, W a t s o n v 1 1 1 c, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove 12 ISp
13-OOp Lo* Gatps. Writrht. Boulder Creek.
Sant» Craz. via Santa Clara aod
Narrow Gansre tiO.45*
8-SOP Valencia St., Soath San Francisco.
Eur!lnK»ine. San Jose, Gllroy,
nollliter. Tre* Plnos 10.45*
4.30P?*.n Ji'»e and Way Station* tfl CO*
tSOQpSanU Clara. S«n Joie. Lo* Gsto*. '¦'"*"•
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sund»y> t900*
15 3up ban Joteanti Principal WayStatiom 19 4Ca
6 46p Sannet Kxpres*.— Kedwood. Saa
Joae.GlIroy.Sal!nas,p»so Kobles,
Ssn Lots Obtspo. Eanta Barbara,
Lo* Angeles. Deretn:. K! Paso.
St.LouIi. Xew Orlesn*. Jf ewVork O tn*
6.45PP»Jaro. Wationvllle. Cspltols.
Sunt» Craz. CaitrorUle. Dei
Monte. P»ciflc Grove 10 3Qs»
16-15P t»u Mateo.Bereiford.ltelmoni.San
Carlo*. !<<••! .v., o.t. Katr Oak*.
Blenlo Park. Palo Alto t8-43A
8 30pS»n Joie sod Wsy Sutlom 6-38*
8 COp P»:o Alto snd Way Station! 10-15*
11 .30p South SanFraacUco. Mllllirae. Bur
llotrsme. Sau Mateo, Belznont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Filr Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto ** 45.
«11S0p Miyfleld, Mountain View. Sunny- ""'
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara sad
Ban Joie t9.4Sm
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
IBondsv ezcepted- i Sunday only
«. 6itard»j only. 6 Mondsr only.
. iSuiD* st ill itstlons on Saaday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburoa rerry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN 3AIABL,
WEEK DATS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m ; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra t.-la
at 11:30 o. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »;30. 11:00 a. m. - 1:30 33O»
3:00. 6:20. 11:30 D . m.
SAN HAFAEL TO SAN FBA2TCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05 7:33, 7:50 9"0 1115
* m. m.-. 12:30. 3:40. 5:00. 5:2O p. ni" *
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 0-35 d m_
SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:4O. 11:15 a. m. : 1:40 340.
4:05. 5:05. «:S5 p. m. '
~L«ave^ j In Effect j Arrive '
San Fran. | Oct. 2, 1304. f San Fran.
Week I 8un- I Deitlna^ I Sun- J W*«k
Days. I days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a] 8:00 a ~ »:10al 8:40a-
0:30 a Ifnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30p 3:3Op 8:05 p 6:2On.
5:10p 5:0O p 7:35 p
f:30a 9:10 a 8:40 *
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 %
3:30 p &:30a Petaluma S:05p 6:20 a
5:10 p 3:30 p . and 7:35 p 1
I 5:0" rl Santa Rosa, |
7 :30 a 10:40 ajl0:2O»
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 pi «:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p {
Windsor. " '
7:30 s 8:00 a Healdsnurr. 10:40 a 10:30 «
Lytton.
«:30p 3:30 p Gey»ervllle. 7:33 p 6:20 m
Cloverdale.
T:3Oal 8:00 al Hopland !10:40 a!10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 pi and Uklah. |7:33p|a:2oS
j j Willtu and j 1 T
T:30af8:0Oa| Sherwood. | 7:33 p( 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:C0a| lloTio a|10:20 *
8:30p|3:3Op| Guemevllle. | 7:33p| 8:20a
7:30 a| 8:00 al Sonorn*. I 9:10a! S-4O*
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:03 p| 8J2Qp
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20"i
3:30 pi 3:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:33 p| 620 a
STAGES connect at Green Bra« for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Sprlnse and Mark West Spring; at LyttoTr^r
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagjf*
gprtoKS; at Cloverdale for the Oeysera, B^n«T
vlll« and Greenwood: at Hopland for^ Sj
Bprlnif*. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls?
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakeport. BaAleti
Bprtnss «nd Lak. County Hot SDrtaw" ,!
Uklah for Vichy S^lnxa. Saratoga 8 pr a A
Blue Lake*. Laurel Den La ke> W | tt#p s^ *S
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John DsSK"
.ftlvers.de. L,lerly-». Buckneir.. s?n?^Jr!n
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'. Hot Spring. rPalfi,!?
Houce. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno rnV
Fort KnsK. Westport and Usal: at Wiun, for
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for PW
Bragg. Cahto. Covelo. LaytonvtUe. Ctamrain^
B«U'» Springs. Harris. Hubbard. FruUl.nJ*
STfeSiiS!*™ 1 * Carnp '• "*«*~* M;
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
duced ratas. *' "^
On Sunday— Round-trJp tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates P°»ai»
buTld/n'- 1 ° fflCe> 65 ° Mark8t " tre ' t « Chronlol.
JAS.*L. FRA7.IER. R. x. nXAlt.
Cen. Manager. Qen. Pass. Agt.
Mt Tamalpais Railway
WfiCB I and Sausautq b bx»y. Foot Market Su
h§fu\ $1.00 nr Year
BOOMS AND BOARS WANTSD.
WANTED — Room and hoard; about $25; close
to Sixth Ft. Box 4516. Call effice.
STUTTEUIKG AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures: estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MAltltlACK LlCliXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Pitrre Clave'rle 2.1. 43 Duboce avenue, and
Ellce Ksjiagnoelle, 10, 43 Duboce avenue.
Victor K. LarJi, 25. 117 Sixtn street, and
Martha Nackel. 15.'. 4-17 Minna street.
WUUaxn Ucdmond. 27, Eureka, and Daisy
Faulronor 54, Frc-sno.
William D. Whaley. 23. IS Hawthorne street,
and Eva Scully 2)?, 21S Day street.
James Mack. 44, city, and Mary Moore*. 35.
city.
Antonio Devrnclnxl, 22, 330 Vallejo street,
and Lena Gotelll. IS. 41 Valparaiso street.
Frederick S. Kulerton. 34, 44 Third street,
and Henrietta B. Crucer. 32. Stockton.
I John Fouplcno. 20, l^ Edith street, and
' Sunta Fccrlano. 24. 0 Newell street.
I Edward C. Kaylor. 2S, 9 Cleveland street,
and Gertrude Kinney, 19. 9 Cleveland street.
John O. Joy Jr.. 30. Salinas, and Alice P.
Laws. :«>. 1735 Green street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices aent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the rmbllcation offices and be
j Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
: sons authorized to have the same published.
j Notices restricted simply to the announcement
I of the event are published once In this column
' free of charge.
I 1 ._ I
BOR.V.
', CONGDON — In thi* city. November . 8, 1904,
to the wife of J. H. Congdon Jr., a daughter.
; HENDERSON— In. this city. November 4.
lac>4, to the wife of Alexander Henderson, a
¦ daughter.
j KAUFNER— In Yokohama, October 17. 1904,
lo the wife of Julius Kaufner. a daughter.
J MARKS — In thl» city. November 10. 1904, to
the wife of I. S. Marks, a daughter.
j SCHROEDER— In this city. November 9. 1904,
1 to the wife of J. W. Schroeder. a son.
1 p»— 1^— —^~»— ~—^— — — —
MARRIED.
! BRAWNER— HAROLD — In this city, Novem-
ber J> 1904. by the Rev. Rurus E. Nunn.
pastor 0' Centenary Methodist Church,
Charles R. H'rawner of San Francisco and
Anna Laura Harold of Boone, Icwa.
! EHRHARDT— HUNTER— In this city. No-
vember 4, 1SHM, by Rev. Herman Gehrck*.
Albert A. Ehrhardt and Emma A. HunUr,
both of this city.
j RADLEY — GREEN — In this city. November 9,
1904 by the Rev. F. A. Keast. pastor Ep_
worth M. E. Church, Thomas H. Radiey cf
Fresno and Minnie Green of San Francisco.
¦ SCHEIN— KOCH— In this city. November ft.
1004. by the Rev. \V. H. Althouse, Henry A.
Scheln and Caroline A. Koch, both of this
city. 7
DIED.
Abell, Mrs. Kate Johnson, Eva L.
Amerman. J. B. Knibb. Henry
Aurrecochea, Curmen Knight, Chas. T. 8.
liartlett, Margaret . Minehan, Patrick
Bertucci. Charles Morse. Georca E.
I BUfs. Benjamin B. O'Brren, Luke
Blythe. Johnnie O'Donnell, Thomas
Brown. Jefferson C. Poole, Capt. William
Calisher. Fanny Quinn, Nathaniel P.
Collinp. Peter F. Rea. Henry L.
Curley, Bridget Rtger. Parry A.
Davis. Grace K. Richardson, Harry
Dietz. Alfred C. Searles. Rachel
ELselen. Oscar Sjoberg. Oscar B.
Ferris. John E. Sommers, Walter C
Geaney, Jeremiah Jr. Spencer, Molra. M.
Gerloff, Frenr A. G. ' Stearns, John
Griffin. Abrena J. Sullivan, Dennis
Grush, David Vvalsn, Johanna P.
,
• ABELL— In this city. November 10. 1904. Mrs.
Kate Abell, a native, of County Clare. Ire-
land, kged CS years.
AMERMAN— In Oakland, November 9, 1904, ;
J. B. Amerman, beloved husband of Ella S.
Amerman. and father of Mrs. Walter B.
Bounties, a native of New York, aged 64
years 10 months and 27 days.
1 Al'RRECOCHEA— In this city. November 9,
j Carmen Learreta. beloved mother of Mrs. J.
; Aurrecochea and Carmenclta Learreta, and
grandmother of Joseph Aurrecochea, a na-
tive of Spain.
CFriem's ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 12, at 9 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. SI92 Jarkson street, corner Mason. '
thence to Spanish Church (Nuestra Senora de
Guadalupe), where a requiem hteh mass will
be celebrated for the reocse of her soul,
ther. -e to Holy Crosn Cemetery for interment,
via tlectric car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
: BARTLETT— Ir. this city. November 9,' 1904,
j Margaret Bartlett, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. Charles Symon, and grandmother of
Mrs. Jam?s Gaston and J. A. Symon, a na-
i tive of Scotland, aged &4 years 2 months and
3 days.
Er Services will be held to-day (Friday).
: November 11, at 2 p. m.. at the resi-
dence of her daughter, 3782 Eighteenth
Etreet, between Dolores and Church. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth aad Guerrero
streets.
¦ BERTl'CCI — In this city, November 10. 1904.
Charles, beloved husband of Mary Bertucci,
and father of Edward, Ernest, Alfred.
Emma, Irene, Albina and Adeline Bertucci.
and son-in-law of Mrs. A. Prato, and
brother of Mrs. K. Capurro, a native of
Italy, azed 44 years.
tuTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
November 12. at 1 p. m.. from Ste. Peter
and Paul's Italian Church, corner Filbert
and DiiDont streets. N. B. — There will be
celebrated Saturday at Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church a solemn requiem
high mass for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 a. m. Interment Italian
i Cemetery.
j BLISS— In Oakland. November 10, 1904,
Benjamin U.. beloved husband of Mary
; Bliss, a native of New Bedford, Mass., aged
tS years.
I BLYTHE— In this city, November 10, 1904,
Johnnie, dearly beloved son of John and
Maggie Blythe. aad grandson of Mrs. Mary
Dennison. a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 11 months and 10 days.
' E~yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). November 12, at 10:30 a. m.,
: from the residence of his parents, 21A Silver
street, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
! BROWN— In this city. November 5 1904 Jef-
ferson C. Brown. A member of Painters'
Union Local 19.
(E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
; CALISHER— In Berkeley, November 10, 1904,
Fanny Calisher, beloved mother of Mrs.
' Minnie Foreman. Mrs. P. H. Flood and
> David, Vic. Joe, Harry. Daisy. Walter and
; Eddie Calisher. a native of England.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter.
; COLLINS — In this city. November 9 1904,
Peter F., beloved husband of the late Bridget
Collins, and father of Jcseph and James
] Collins and Mrs. P. Sweeney, a native of
j Boston. Mass., aged 77 years and 29, days.
j A member of Gentlemen's Sodality of St.
Ignatius Church.
¦ CZTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). November 11, at 9:15 a. m., from
the residence of his »on. Joseph Collins, 62
I Pleasant street. ofT Jones, between Sacra-
' monto and Clay, thence to St. Joseph's
. Church, where a requiem high mass will be '
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
I CURLEY — In this city. November 10. 1904
Bridget, beloved wife of the late William
1 Curley, and lovlns mother of Thomas P..
Martin J.. Mary L., Nellie F. and the late
John W. Curley. a native of County Ros-
coramon, Ireland, aged 78 years.
1 DAVIS— In this city. November 10 1904 at
j the residence of her parents, 2824 Twenty-
! £° Urt J?. M I eet - °ra<* Eugene. beloved
, daughter of Axel and Augusta Davla and
loving sister of Olga and George Davis a
native of San Francisco, aged 15 years 4
months and 10 days.
DI «?T Z^ In S £!? ta ,/v Paula - v «ntura County.
«-al November 10. 10O4. Alfred C. beloved
husband of Sarah J. Dletz. and father of
Charles L. and Nellie p. Dletz and Mrs R
: yiJ* 01 '""- a natlve of Xew York - •«* ™
EISELEN— In this city. November 9 1904
Oscar, beloved «on of the iate Alfred Else!™.'
gd^V^^nte^nt SS?&?&Z
h'u.'banron'eilleVe 1^
and loving .on of David and Kat* vSZt'
and brother of T. A Ferris of v?«? « . ri9>
a native of Wlsc^sin ?geS w yea^ 0 a
member of Golden Gate Aerie No « f
lors of McFadden. UeBnEfr e?Qr£Z. nfi
HiLNRY J. CALLACHE.i' Co!
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERR
20 Fifth st.. opposite Llncofn School '
Telephone South 80.
UN1TBD UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers — —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at JSC6 MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth et.
rtiMt Equipments at Moderate Rates.
SAN MATSOEEAL ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK— On line of San Mateo electrlj
car* 45 minut»« from Fifth and Market sts.:
cut>:fie the Icr belt «.r»d Just beyond where
the S. P. Co.s bay shore -cutoff wi.l Join
ir.e raain line; 60-root lct« trom JtOO up:
terms only 110 down and $10 a month; sew«r
ar.d water p!pes in Jront of every lot; purs
• rte*liin wrll water; 175 lots eold «lnc«
AUKtfct I: »n <»xc«pt:onal opportunity to »e-
ture a lot In this de*irable section :«**"••
tiectrle cars and get oft at L«miia
PARK" and mveatlfcale; maps sent on ap-
plication.
fcELBT. RODGER? & CO..
Tel. Main G73. 11B Can'rimi* «t.
BOSS VALLEY SEAXi ESTATE.
TO let— Larce unfurnished liou»-e: modem:
flertrlc light etc.: ft!*" fnnUshed cottage on
KTWirCr: this w.-.uld make a lirst-class pri-
vate boaidirg-rlae*. bp'.np clow «o Rcss sta-
tion and is choice location; will rent by
month or year to responsible larty; willrent
hou*** «5erniate 1 .v. AJdress MRS. \\ . J-.
nUSTCMEYER. Row station.
REAX. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
Cl.KAi'. Oskiar.d. tterfcele) ur o. r.
Icr ranch** .1. H. KDSON. 14-.& iiacoa
block. On Hand
ItOCMS FOB KOTJSXEEyX3TQ.
BRYANT. 4*4— Tv.-o innny rocms for house-
keeping; ine fcicjle for lady.
EDDT. 17"J6 — Sunny rooms, completely fur-
ni*he<J; res, liath; yard.
EIGHTH. 112 — 3 unfurnished rooms; kitchen;
furnished complete If desired: rent cheap.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant.
tunny housekeeping rooms for two; exclusive;
kitchen; reasonable.
HOWAItU. S22— 2 «u!te» housekeeping rooms;
also elnsle : g is and coal stove*.
HOWAUU, U/71—2 large, unfurnished, con-
necting rooms; modern; private family;
cheap to right party.
JESSIE S23— Large sunny front parlor: fur-
nlshed for housekeeping: gat range; S3 75 wk.
JCNES, 207— Sunny housekeeping rooms, $10 to
$12 per week. ____^
JONES. r.03— Ccir.pletely furnished sunny
hou«*'kee;.ilng roooms. with kitchen; also
other rooms suitable for g^ntlrm^n.
LARKIX, SlS'j — Nice sunny furnished room;
every- convenience for houf=Pkwri:is: $10 mo.
KEMLWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room eutiny apartments; dteam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnl«h«-d 3-rocm suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LEAVENWOKTH, 1811. near Green — Five
tunny furnished housekeeping rocmt and
bath; phor.e: fine marine view.
MISSION. 6C1. near Second — Bedroom and
kitchen, completely furnished for hkpp.
MISFION. J72»i-i. near Thirteenth — 4 sunny
furnished moms for housekeeping ; bath and
laundry; fl6.
MISSION. 1013, nr. Sixth— Front, housekeep-
ing room for two adults; folding bed; gas
stove.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; get range; hot c&th; adults.
PINE. 827, near Powell — 3 sunny furnished
hcuw-ke< ping rooms; ga«! range; rent reas.
PINE. 923—2 newly furnished frcnt housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.
SACRA MKNTO, 1490 — Front sunny furnished
hou5tkf-erin»r Buites. 715 to $25 per month.
fANCHEZ. 5u!», near Eighteenth — Large sunny
bay-window sitting-room, alcove bedroom
and kuAwn; reasonable.
SECOND. 231 — Two sunny corner, front house-
keeping rooms, eingle or connected, with coal
nrtvt- and «as stove.
FIXTEEVTH. 3077— Sunny housekeeping suite;
lnw rent.
VAN N'ESP. 232— Nicely furnished sunny front j
bay-window corner; separate kilchen; house- !
keeping; $1£: adults.
APAETMEKT HOUSES.
IT :.cn? 13T3 Jackroc — Marine t2cw; 3-4-1
mofist- fum er unfur.: reft. Tel. E*«t 1S5*.
E.OOBI8 TO ItET — run;, and TTafnrn. 1
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — Xew
brick building: all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: «lectrlc lights: only first -class housa
Is Ideality; roonie $1 M> week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
26c to |1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; cpen all night.
AT "The Alrr.onte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth «t.) — Room*. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 :." to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND house; over Owl drugstore; 2 en- '
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room; 200
room*; 25c to f»Oc per night: $1 23 to $3 week.
BC£H. 1255 — Rooms for one or two; private j
family; bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 10.T3 — Nice sunny rooms !
to let; ncer Jeflersnn Park.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 rJght; $1 SO to $C wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON, *0o. cor. Fremont — House newly |
furnished: rice, sunny rooms; housekeeping I
rooms; electric light and gas.
HOWARD, 715— Large sunny rooms at low
tttes: 25c to $1 day and $1 23 to $3 week.
JONES. 207— Sur.ny front and back single
room?, from $2 to $3 per v/eek.
LIBERTY. 6O4, nr. Castro — Mod., sun. unfur. ]
parlors; 4 con. nns.; adults; ref.:. warm belt, j
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms; I
J2 60 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 12» Third st— 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
S2 to $*> per week; the only new and modern !
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco !
that ha* office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
NATOMA. 460H— 2 connecting rooms for 2 or
S men; private; gas; bath.
OAK. 42. near Market — Large sunny nicely
furnished front parlor to let.
O'FARRELL. 556 — Sunny furnished room; ;
quiet block; near business c*nter.
O'FARRELL. 571— Newly furnished sunny [
room, suited for 2; private residence.
PACIFIC iv«..15)3 — Larse weU furnished front
and r4ar roomi for gentlemen; rent $12. $10.
P.OTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, emck'.ng-room ar.d ladles' par-
lor; rcomi per night. 35c to Jl 50; week. $2
to J8; month. S8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EACRAMEXTO. 1611— Neat and sunny room-
also rear room; private family; gentleman.
TAYLOR, C1SB — Handsome sutiny room, run-
nlrr water, bath, gas; suitable 2; $10.
THE Earl. 19 Powell— Elegantly furnished
rooms. S3c to $1 K> r*r night; J2 to $9 per
week.
THE FT. KATHRTN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST P.OOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERT
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS : ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmcnt. 361 Eutter — New brick bids.. '
finely furnished; hct. cold water, steam heat
privilege to baths; (2 CO to (5 per week.
TURK, K38 — Two connecting room* for lady-
private family: choloe location; no signs: $10*
references exchanged.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market^-400
rooms 3.'jc to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus, baggage.
VALENCIA. 210 — Large sunny room; private
family; call Sunday or evt-nlngs.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d rt.. near Market—
Most «-onvenient and respectable; TOO rooms-
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $S we«k; elevator;
• lee. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms for 15c per night up; cte-
gact transient rooms. 50c per night.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposlts
Fifth. Open until II p m.
BOOKS AHD BOABS.
IIAIGHT. 1455— Large sunny bay-window
room, running water; board optional- pri-
vate family.
ELLIS, 453— Nice furnished rooms, with very
Ix-t French table hoard.
CALIFORNIA. 807 — Be*t rooms, table and
fctrvlce tn the city for the least money.
HaIOHT. 332 — Large runny suite; running
mater: grate: second floor; corner house.
KOTHL MCALLISTER." Van Ness and Mc-
A:!ift<-i— I gunny «lngle or 2 choice suites.
HOWARD. S4JA— first -cU*« board and room.
«!ngle or double. $5 week; American family.
LARGE double room, with board for two; X50-
fcot »tcr. 306 Leaven worth *t
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Mary's Church (Paullst
Fathers) where services will be held at 10
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GEANEY — In this city, November », 1004,
Jeremiah Geancy Jr., dearly beloved Eon of
Jeremiah and Maria Geaney. and beloved
brother of Francis J., David P. and Mary
C. iJeaney, and nephew of Mrs. Arthur
Leary Mrs. Dalla Kelly and Serjr. Daniel
Honan. a native of San Francisco, ased (J
years 10 months and 27 days.
1 lEJTrlends an.l acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
j /Friday), at 10 a. m., from the residence,
1S18 Sixteenth avenue South, between P and
Q streets South. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GKRLOFF— In this city, November 10. 1904,
Franz A. G. youngest and beloved son of
GuBtave and Amelia Gerloff, and brother
of Martha^ Louise and Paula and the late
Fritz GerlofT. a native of San Francisco,
aged S months and 4 days.
fcy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), November 12, at 10 a. m.. from
the residence of his parents, 110 Fifteenth
avenue, near Lake street, Richmond dis-
trict. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— In this city. November i». 1004,
Abrena Jane, beloved wife cf Clifford C.
Griffin, and loving daughter of Captain J. J.
I and the late Josephine Murry, and sister or
Marg:arlto, Fred, Arthur. Louis and John
Murry and Mrs. Charles Hill, a native or
Nova Scotia, Canada, aged 2b years 4 months
and 5 days.
GRUSH— In this city, November 9, 1004,
David, beloved husband of laabella Grush.
and father of Clarence, William and Ethel
Grurh and Mrs. C. H. Hatch and Mrs. J.
Callahan of Seattle, a native of Ohio, aged
73 years 4 months and 6 days. A member
of Piledrlvers' and Bridge Structural Iron
Workers' Union. Local No. 77.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November IS. at 1:30 p. m., from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Oakland. November 0, 1004,
Eva L». Johnson, beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. W. E. Adams, and 6ister of Mrs.
S. Palmer and M. J. and Claude Adams, a
native o: Healdsburg. Cal., aged 23 years 9
months and 2 days.
KNIBB— In ', this city. November. 8. 1904,
Henry Knibb. beloved brother of T. and
Daniel Knibb, Mrs. Anna Rootbam, Mrs.
Mary Lendram and Mrs. Amy Robertson, a
native of England, aged 61 years.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 13, at 1 p. m., from the parlors
of Hunker & Lunt. 20C6 Mission street, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third
<MI»:!on Masonic Temple), under the aus-
pices of Court Occidental No. 6070, A. O. F.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, via elec-
tric; funeral car from Thirtieth street and
San Jose avenue. ,
Officers and members of Court Occidental
No. C676, A. O. F., are requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother, Henry
Knibb, Sunday, at 1 p. 111.
W. W. WILLIS, C. R.>
GEORGE FRIEDMAN. F. 8.
KNIGHT— In this city, November 9, 1904,
Charles T. S. Knight, son of Mrs. Serena H.
and the late Thomas Knight, and brother of
T. J. and C. H. Knight, • a native of .San
Francisco, affed 41 years and 21 days.
[CTFrlcnds and acquaintancts aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), November 11. at 10 a.
m.. at his late residence. 154 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment private.
MINEHAN— In this city. November 8, 1904,
Patrick, beloved husband of Jane Minehan,
a native of the parish of Ahane, County
Limerick, Ireland. Hired 63 years.
(C^Kriendr and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
November 11, at 9:S0 a. m., from his late
residence, 37 Freelon street, thence to St.
RoseVs Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORSE — In this city. November 8, 1904,
Georee E.. beloved husband of Ida H.
Morse, and father of Marjorle McKlnley
Morse, and son of E. A. and Adeline Morse,
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years 3
months and 5 daye.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 2
p. m., at the chapel of Odd Fellows' Crema-
tory. Remains at the Darlors of A. W.
" Martin & Co., 319 O'FamUl street.
O'BRIEN— In San Diejro, November 3, 1904,
Luke, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine O'Brien, and loving father of Terence
and Susie O'Brien and Mrs. F. Shorten, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 57
years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 9:15 a. m., from the parlors of
Carew & English. H) Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. James Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery-
CDONNELL— In this city. November 10.
1904. Thomas CDonnell, beloved brother ot
Mrs. E. Jacobson. and uncle of Edward and
Thomas McHale. a native of County Done-
t-iil. Ireland, aged 47 years 11 months and
26 days.
£> Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
POOLE — In this city, November 10, 1904.
Captain William Poole, beloved husband of
Sarah Poole. and fatber of Grace M. and
William W. Poole, and brother of Mrs. W.
M. Brlsco, and uncle of Airs. C. C. White, a
native of England, aged 59 years 10 months
and 15 days.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are tespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 p. in., from the parlors of
Banker & J^unt. 2C6G Mission street, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third
(Mission Masonic Temple). Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
QUINN— In this city, Noveniber 10, 1904,
Nathaniel P.. beloved husband of Christina
M. Qulnri, and son of 'Mrs. John McKlnnon,
and brother of Edward W.. Charles L..
Philip F. and the late George W. Quinn,
a native of Benicia, Solano County, Cal.,
aged 30 years 5 months and 4 days. A. mem-
ber of Golden West Tent No. 58, K. O. T.
M.. and, San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O. E.
(Benicia paoers i>lease copy.)
O^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 13. at 9:30 a. m., from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 866 Mission
street, thence to Bt. Joseph's Church for
services at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. A requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul Monday,
November 14. at St. Joseph's Church at 9
a. m. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend.
REA — In this city, iNovember 8, 1904, Henry,
It., beloved busbar.d of Ernertine Rea a
native of South Carolina, aged 62 years 7
months and 2U days.
E?Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 p. m., from Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets under
the auspices of Occidental Lodge No. 22. F.
and A. M. Interment private.
REGER— In this city, November 8, 1901 Parry
Anderson, beloved husband of Mary Eliza-
beth Reger. and father of Jannett Elizabeth,
Elsie and Paul Reger, a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged a» years 9 months and 7 dayo. A
member of Myrtle Lodge No. 10, K. of P
(Philadelphia and New York papers please
copy.)
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, November 11. at 11 a. in, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Comoany, 2475 Mission street near
Twonty-flrst. " Interment Odd Fellows Cem-
etery.
RICHARDSON— In this city. November 10
1904. Harry Richardson, a native of London'
England.
SEARLES— In this city, November 9 1904
Rachel Ecarles, widow of the late Robert
Searles, a native of Canada.
ET'Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Saturday, November
12. at 9:30 a. m., at the chapel of N. Gray
& Co.. 303 Sutter street. Interment Eureka
Humboldt County, Cal.
SJOBERG — In Oakland. November 9 1904
Oscar B.. infant son of August and- Eliza'
beth SJoberg. and brother of Theodore and
Ellis SJoberg, a native of Oakland aged 1
year 3 months and 16 days.
EOMMERS — In this city. November 9 1004
Walter Charles, hucband of Pansy A*. Som-
mers. and «on of Jane E. and the late
Charles W. Sommers. and brother of Mrs
Alexander Kerr of Cclusa and Adalinc May
Sommer*. a native of Sacramento, Cal aged
23 years 1 month and 10 days. A member
of Mission Lodze No. 109. F. and AM'
Mission Chapter. O. E. S.. and California
Parlor, N. S. G. W.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday
November 11, at 1:30 p. m., under the aus-
pices of California Parlor, No. 1, N S Q
W., from Clark & Booth's chapel 6l'"-14
Van Nese avenue, near Turk street. Remains
will be sent to Sacramento for Interment on
the 3:30 p. m. train Friday.
Members of California Parlor No 1 N
8. O. W., are requested to assemble at t>12
Van Nets avenue at 1:30 p. m. sharp.
E. O. WRIGHT. President
CHARLES A. BOLDEMANN. Secretary.
SPENCER— In this city, November 9 1904,-
Molra M. Ejiencer. brother of ' Herbert
Spencer of England, a native of England
aged 70 years.
E7"Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. November 14, at 10 a. m., at Grace
Episcopal Church, corner of Stockton and
California streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Remains at the mortuary chapel
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
STEARNS — In the City and County Hospital,
¦ November 10, 1904, John Stearns, a native of
Rhode Island, aged 72 yean?.
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 10, 1904
Dennis Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged
Gtf years.
WALSH — In this city, Novemebr 10, 1904
Johanna P. Walsh, beloved sister of John
P. Edmund and Timothy Walsh, and aunt
of Mrs. Maurice Klrby, a native of County
Limerick, Ireland.
(CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
, of ; the United Undertakers.- 860 .' Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repese of her soul, commencing at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
AD VERTISIiLMJEXTO.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
North British and
Mercantile
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D.. 1903. and for the
year ending- on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and oil of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up in Cash $3,437.500 00
=
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $3,133,327 08
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. 103.09S 40
Cash Market Value of all Stocka
and Bonds owned by Company.. 14,782.303 10
Cash In Company's Office 24.632 64
Cash In Banks 713,093 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 75,173 40
Premiums, in due course of Col-
lection 357.6S374
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 27.815 45
Due from other Companies for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid 380.77310
Agents' Balances 1.562,433 63
Due from other Companies for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid. Life Department 22.163 45
Total Assets $21,274.510 24
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid....]
Losses In process of adjust- 1
ment or In suspense V $1,163,500 42
' Losses resisted, including «x- j
penses J
; Gross premiums • on Fire Risks
running one year or less,
$7,253,831 33; reinsurance 50 per
cent 3,626,01567
Amount reclalmable) by the in-
sured on perpetual policies.... 13,845 44
Superannuation fund 482,702 25
Due to other companies for re-
insurance 760,90145
All other Liabilities 144.729 10
Total Liabilities $6,192,903 33
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire Premiums $9,201,032 35
Received for Interest and Divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 675.899 78
Received for Transfer fees 635 «52
Total Income $9,777.2S7 75
— — — —^_
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including losses of previous
_ years) $4.7*6.234 R5
Dividends to Stockholders 952.223 0O
raid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage i 530 237 16
Paid for Balarles. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 1 479 778*30
Paid for State, National and
Local Taxes 17 711 qa
AH other payments and expend-
ltures ; 12.463SS
Total Expenditure. $8,833,608 43
Losses Incurred during the year.. $4,686,343*25
Risks and Premiums! Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
™ year $3,476,162,530 $9,101,902 83
Net amount of risks .*"*.<«/- 00
expired during: the
year ....... 3.335.420.913 9.2S7.4S3 in
Net amount In force
December 31. 1003 3.071.811.845 7.253.831 33
W. T. PRICE. Manager. "
ROBERT CARMICHAEL, Secretary
day Ub o 8 f Cr A^ur n i d 0 o7 Orn tO befOre thls 12th
JOHN C. NEWTON, Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
TOM C. 6RANT, General Agent,
212 PINE STREET,
SAX FRANXISCO.
RAILWAY TRAVEL
|BB^K^^^8BBR>S^MIfliS^WgBMBBBWPI»M13|
g CAL I FO R '¦."! I A B
¦ LIMITED TO CH1C4CCH
¦ LEAVES MONDATS md THURSDAYS i
Hat O :'A O a. m., through In 3 days. nj
¦ With diner and all trappings. Kl
Other Santa- 7* Trains >
8-toLSil For 8tockt ° n . Fnsno, Bakers Hold.
8:00 pi mj Merced, Hanford and Visalla,
4 :00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. : aiso 27 South 1st. San Jos*.
BTo SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE
Depart lrom San Francisco, dally, at *7;T
-•**, ,bh. 9:10. -»:5o. ll:oo a. m.; wA T Z'**-
4 lit 1:15. » :W - C:S0 - T:15 - »:<*> «£ U&
p ' Arrive at San Francisco, daily. «. M
T85 8 15. 8:5O. 9:35. 10:5O a. m.: 1*m 'S 1 * 0 -
lilt. 5:05. 5-.4X 6:22, «:57. 7:40 a^' #«*
P tDally except Sunday.'
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a.m.- ail. o
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a- m. dally— Cazadero and way station
8:15 'P. m-. Saturdays only-For Ca?a£?o.
* o':15 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sun
dav. for Tomales. etc. oua "
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st.
VERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market stTHURSDAY. Nov. 10—2 o. m. j
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .10CVilC6% 4s qr cp new.130%131
4s qr reg-.-lOGV+lOe^iaa qr coup.. .104% —
¦ MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. • • ; : ;
Ala A W 6s. — — Oak T Co 6a.l20 122%
Asso Oil 5s. 82% — Do 5s ......112% — '
Bay CPC 5s. — 102% Do con 5e. — 104%
Cal C G 5s. 102% — Oceanic S 5s. — 60
Cal G & E g Om Cable 6s. 120%' —
m & ct 5s. 82V4 — Pac G Im la. — »7 I
Cal-st C 59.114% — P E Ry 5s.. — 105 I
C C Wat 5.*. — M P & C H 6s.lO4 — j
EdL & P 68.125 — P & O R 6».114%I15
F & C H Bs. — • — Powell-st 6s. — — .
Geary-st 6s.. 50 — Sac EG&R5s.l0O 100%:
H C&S 6%s.lO5 — SF 4 SJV5s.ll8% —
Do 5s>...10O — Sierra R 6s. 110 —
Hon R T 6«.1O4% — S P of A' 6a .
L A Elec 6». — 103 Vi (1909) 108% —
L A Ry 5s..H5% — <l&10) 109% —
LALC068 — — SPofC6s
Do gtd «s. — — (1905)Sr A. 101
Do gtd 5«.10l 103% (tWB)Sr B. - -_
LAP lem Ss.101 — (1906) 104% —
Mkt-st C 6«.11« — (1912) .....114 —
Do lem 5s.ll«% — SPC 1 eg Ss. — _
MV& MtT5*.lC5 110 Do stampd.107% —
NRR nf C6s. — 107 8 P B R 6s,154%135% I
Do 5s 118%— S V Wat 6s. 104% — j\
N P C R 5s.lOS%105»4 Do 4s.2dm.100 — - 1
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 99V4 — |
N C P C 5s. 98% Do g mtg4s 9»% —
NSBUSs.- 04 Stkn G&E8s. 03 —
OG L&H 5s. — 110 U G & E Sa.102% —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 UR of SF 4s. — —
"VI^TER STOCKS.
Contra Coata — ,^35/ (Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... 58 61 |S V Wat Co. 33% —
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L' * P. 3% ST»!S F G & E. BS% M
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The chief local feature in this market at
nrenent is the dullness in Honey, a large line
of Nevada lylnJC neglected on the market, as
already mentioned. All quotations remain vn-
Ch FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 7%®l0c for
Royals and »««»£' ™°m*s: Nectarines,
cV©7%c 'or and 6%®7c for Red
PeYch« 7%®S%c per lb: Pears. 7@l" c :
Plums Pitted. 6®6%c for black. 7H§s» c '
for red and 7«8%o for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
hricks 60c; 3-crown. 65c; 4 -crown. 60c- 6
crown" 65c; bulk white. 2%@3c: blackV3%t
wvanorated Apples. 5@7c per lb. * &
PRUNES-I»s@l%c per lb for the four size,
..jjlic basis for the large sizes.
RAISIN6-1904 crop f a b. Fresno-Im
rerial clusters. $2 _25®2 60; Dehesa. $1 3001 33;
Condon Layers 8oc®ll 10;^ Loose Muscatels, 4:
crown. 4%e; 3-crown. 3%c; 2-crown. 3Uc:
Seeded. 405%o: Thompson's Seedless. 4%o
Seedless Sultanas. 3 Vic per lb. *"'
NUTS— New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12®
12V4c; No. 2. 10@10%c; ; No 1 hardshell! 12c1
No? 2. 10c: Almonds 169 17c for Nonparlels
14®14%c for I X L, 13014c for Ne Plus Ultra
and He for Langue<loc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5;
Chestnuts. 8S12%c per lb for California and
12Uif?13>4c for Italian. ,
HONEY— Comb. ll%©13e for white and 10@
lie for amber: water white extracted. 5%®
6c: light amber extracted. 6@5%c; dark. o@
4%c.
BEESWAX — 37029c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts. Raisins, Honey.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10. — The wheat market was
comparatively steady at the opening, the effect
of rain or tnew In many parts of the South
west being offset by a much smaller movement
in the Northwest and by higher prices In for
eign grain markets. Initial quotations on De
cember were unchanged at $1 13%. May was
unchanged to *i><: lower at $1 12*4©1 12%. For
a time the market was rather quiet, there be
ing a small demand from pit traders and fair
buying by commission houses. There was
some s«ntn«r on reports of a break in the
drouth In the Southwest, but strength of corn
restricted offerings. Toward th» middle of the
session the market became strong in sympathy
with bulli«h conditions In the Northwest. At
Minneapolis an excellent cash demand was re
ported and a considerable improvement in
milling demand was noted. In the Southwest
also the demand from millers was urgent. The
high oolnt In December was reached at
$1 14%. May sold up to $1 13K- During the
last hour of trading the market lost much of
its frtrength as a result of selling, due to a
break In corn prices. Tho close, however, was
firm, final quotations on December being 840
>,^c up to $1 1ST«- May closed at $1 13%.
Active covering by shorts caused a strong
tone in the corn market early in the day. The
market closed weak at about the lowest point
of the day. December was %c down at BOTgC.
Oats were influenced entirely by the action
of other grains. December closed %@Uc lower
at 2S%®2ST»c
Lower Dricea of hogs and a slump In corn
had a depressing influence on the provision
market. At tho close January pork was down
20c. Lard and ribs were each off "He.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 1 13% 1 14^ 1 13% 1 13%
May 1 12H 1 13v t 112% 1 13U
July 98% 9S& 98% 88%
Corn No. 2—
December 52 V, C2% 60% 6OT4
May 47^4 47J.J 46V1 46%
July 47% 47V. 46% 46%
Oats No. 2— *
November .... .... ' 29 1 !
December 29% 29% 28% 2SU
May-..., 31*4 31% 31% 31%
July 31% 31*4 31% 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl— 7 "
January 12 75 12 80 12 62% 12 62U
May 12 75 12 77% 12 62% 12 65
Lard, per 100 lbs — »
January 7 20 7 22% 7 15 7 15
May 7 .10 / 7 32% 7 25 7 25
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ft fi0 8 62% 6 S3 6 65
May ,6 72% 6 75 6 67% 6 67%
Putnre Grain anil Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Ex-dividend yesterday: The California Wine
Association, a regular monthly of 60 cents per
share, amounting to $26,125; the Giant Powder
Company Consolidated, a regular monthly of 50
cents per share, amounting to $10,000; the
Monte Cristo Oil Company, a monthly of 1 cent
per share, amounting to $5000; Central Eureka
Mining Company, a regular monthly of 7 cents
per share.
The Chutes Company paid a regular monthly
dividend of !> cents per share, amounting to
$3000. November 7. '
The California Fruit Canners' Association
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 60
cents per -share, payable November 21.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 10
cents per share, payable November 17.
The Fischer- Re bmann Theater Company re
cently levied Its third assessment at the rat*
of 1T» cents par share, delinquent November 29.
The Wild Goope Mining and Trading Com
pany has declared its first dividend at the rate
of 30 cents per share, payable November 21.
An assessment of $3 per rhare waa delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
South San Francisco Dock Company.
. At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the San Francisco Savings Union the
following were nominated for directors, to be
voted for at the annual election December 20:
H. F. Allen. Jacob Barth, Fred H. Beaver.
Geonre C. Beardman. W. C. B. de Fremery, W.
A. Magee. C. O. G. Miller E. B. Pond. Rob
ert Watt, Wakefleld Baker. H. G. Hellmann.
M. R- Hlg6ins and David McKay.
It was quite an interesting day on the Stock
and Bon*i Exchange. Trading was active, and
fluctuations were wider and more numerous
than .for rome time. The sugar stocks wera
freely dealt in and quotations had an advanc
ing tendency, Hawaiian Commercial advancing
from $t)7 to*?*;?). Makawell gelling up to $30,
and Paauhau to $17, while Hutchlnscn and
Honokaa showed fractional advances. Gas and
Electrlo was very active at $56 25® 56 37 ij in
the morning and $5C 37*a@56 in the afternoon,
closing at $55 75 bid. Alaska Packers sold at
$97 25 In the morning and $07 50©97 75 In the
afternoon. There were sales of California
street Cable >it $198 and California Safe De
posit at $150. i.
The oil stocks were quiet. The Comstock
mining shares were quiet and lower, but the
Tonopahs and Goldflelds were active, with
higher- prices for Jumbo and several other
stocks.
Business Better, With a More Inter
esting Market.
Trade in Apples wasi of fair volume, but the
market was overstocked with fincy fruit and
some handlers of imported srtock were willing
to sail at cost in order to effect clearances.
Extra lancy Oregon Spitzenbergs were ttrmly
held at previous prices, but found few buyers.
Common California Apples were neglected, ow
ing to the abundance and reasonable prices of
fancy fruit from other States. Stock* of other
orchard fruits were generally light and prices
of all descriptions were well maintained. Grapes
continued to advance under jteadily decreasing
receipts and stocks were closely cleaned up at
the close. Strawberries did better under light
receipts, while the other Berries ftood as pre
viously quoted. New crop Oranges were 'n
free supply.- and although trade was fairly
active, prices ranged lower, $3 being regarded
as an extreme figure for the beat matured
stock. Grape Fruit, too. was lower under in
creased supplies, while the other Citrus fruits
were firm at unchangeJ rates.
STRAWBERRIES— $7(ff 11 per chest for Long
worths. $219.1 for Malindas and $4@S for the
other lcrcre varieties
RASPBERRIES— $4^6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — »«7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $$$¦* 50 per bbl
for Early Black and $10fflO 50 for New Jersey
and Cape Cod Late Red; Coos Bay. $2@2 75 per
APPLES— $1 35@1 60 for extra fancy, $i@
1 25 for ordinary fancy. 50ff90c for choice and
25®40c for common. .
• PEARS — Winter Nellis, $1©1 25 per box;
cocking varieties. 4O^75c per box.
PERSIMMONS — 5OSS5c per box.
POMEGRANATES— 50©«0c for small and $1
61 75 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 20g40c per box.
Fiaa _50c®$l per box.
GRAPES — Table varieties, 75c©$l for crates,
30<350c for small boxes and $1 5(Xg2 for open
J-RUITS— Oranges. Navels, $2 50@3
per box: Seedlings. 51 60#l 75; Tangerines.
$1 25© 1 50 P er box: ke mon8 - ? 2 *W3 fcr fancy.
%\ 7. r .fl2 25 for choice and $1 25@1 50 for stand
ards-Grape Fruit. *2®2 50: Mexican Limes.
$4*54' 50 per case; Bananas, $2©3 per bunch for
Central American and 7ScCf$2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $2<34 per dozen.
Deciduous nnd Citrus Fruits
Lead was firm at £13 in the London mar
ket. Hrr<* the market also showed firmness,
but quotations still range from $1 20 to $1 40.
Spelter closed at £24 2s 6d in the London
market. Locally the quotations remain flrm
at from $5 40 to $5 45.
Iron closed at 51s .3d In Glasgow and at
45s 6d in iliddlesboro. Locally iron was
firmer; No. 1 foundry (northern, southern and
southern soft) are quoted at $15 75@16 25;
No. 2 foundry, northern, $15 25@15 75.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. — The London tin
market underwent a partial reaction, closing
at £131 17s 6d for spot and £131 10s for
futures. Locally the market continued quiet,
with outside prices a shade lower in sym
pathy with the foreign decline, the range
being from $28 87>4^20 05.
Copper was higher in London, closing at
£64 5s for spot and £64 15s for futures.
Locally the demand 1« said to be excellent and
with supplies not abundant, apparently the
marked ghowed a very firm tone. Some of
the largest producers are -quoting lake at from
$14 to $14 12^ and general quotations range
from $14 to $14 25. Electrolytic is held at
$1 1"al4 12%. Casting is held at $13 7.V&14.
New York Metal Market.
Mutual E L. 104 UU'Stkn GAB.— 8H
Pac L Co... B9«i «hT|tj O 4 E Co. - —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 320 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.,128 130 |L P i A 1M -— .
Anglo-Cal .. &H S6H!M*r Treat.... — 239
Bank of Cal. 421^430 |Merch Ex.... 80 —
Cal Safe Dp.l47^a — S F NaUonU — —
First Nation! — 3C0 |
SAVINGS BAXKS.
Ger S ft L.2C30 — |Sar A I. So.. — ICO
Rum SAL.— — Sec Sav BH.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — ,;.— ;•
8 F Say U.615 "¦*
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 198H' Presidio .-••• «» —
POWDER.
Giant 63 — IVigorit — ?*
Hawaiian C. 69 — Makawell C. 2»% 3ft
Honokaa S C 15Ts 16 Onomea 3 C. 29 fi SI
Hutch 8 P C 10 10*4 Paauhau S C. 17 —
Ktlauea S C. 2% 4^
MISCELLANEOUS. % '.I; •
Alaska P A. *7H — Oceanic S Co. 3*4 »*i
Cal F C A. WH1C0 Pac Aux FA. 4H —
Cal TVlne A. 75 79 Pac C Borx.156 15TH
MV4 MtTm. — 105 pac S Tel CO.102&10*
SALES.
Morning Seeston. I
Board—
15 Alaska Packers* Association. . . 97 23
65 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 68 0O
00 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 6S 50
30 Honokaa S Co 13 78
100 Honokaa S Co 18 87^
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 00
100 Makawell SO 00
40 Paauhau. S P Co '. 16 78
10O S F Gaa A Electric, s 00 5« 25
25 S F Gas A Electric 56 25
75 8 F Gaa A Electric, a 00 ..6(5 37fi
110 S F Oas A Electrlo 86 37f»
I4.0CO Spring Val Water gen mtge 4s. 99 25
¦ • Street—
13.000 Cal Gas AElGMACTSs. 8223
*4,C00 United R R of S F 4 p«r cent. 83 78
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Asaociatlon. . . tC BO
25 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 97 75
75 California Safe Deposit 150 00
125 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 69 CO
100 Hutchinson 8 P Co 10 CO
250 Hutchlnson S P Co 10. 12Vfc
125 Honokaa S Co 15 87*%
146 Paauhau S P Co 17 00
20 S F Gas A Electric 56 3t>4
60 S F Gaa A Electrlo 56 25'
. 10 8 F Oas A Electric C6 12^4
85 8 F Gaa A Electric 86 CO
200 S F Gaa A Electric a 30 66 00
S1.00O N P C R R 5 per cent 105 BO
S2.000 Spring Val Water gen mtge 4a. 99 25
$2,000 United K R of S F 4 per cent. 86 00
Street —
8 Alaska Packers' Association. . . W 25
66 Callfornla-at Cable R R \to CO
11.000 Market-st Ry 1st coa 5s 117 CO
$2,000 Spring Val Water «en mt»e 4a 99 23
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6». — 101 SF A KP 5«ai2 113%
B L Wat 6s - 114* S P C R 4a. 98 103
°« S -;H H — s p c <> *H«.iom —
j M C Wat Ss.100 — Sun TeJ 6«. . 114 v. _
RIs I Wks5s — 103 Do Z, .. .10«2 —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — Suttr-st R3s.llM —
; MISCEIJLAXEOU3 STOCIOL
t Ala S Co... — 25 Gaa Con A.. — lflti
I Amer Bis Co — 90 Lon& SF Bk. — 60
! Cal Cot Mils 80 — Mat Nav Co 60 —
I Cal GAECor. 50 — Nev Nat Bk.200 —
[ C Jockey Cl. — 115 N Cal P Co. 9% 10
! Cal Powder. 130 145 Oak Bk Sav 12O —
1 Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Con. . 73 —
I Cal T I A T — 153 IOOF Hall A 6«4
• Cen Bk. Oak 60 72^ Orpheum Co. 16*4
! Chutea Co . . 5 5% PacC Caa Co.135 —
i City & 'C Bk — 120 Pao Sur Co.103 —
Cyp L Imp.. — 6fc Paraf Paint.. 39 —
, East Dynm.. — 873 S F Drydock 63
1 DptPwd pfd — 83 ISFASJ Coal. 17J4 2O
Do com .40 — S J Wat Ca.lO3Vj —
! FN Bk. Oak. 12O — |so A MTgbt.123 —
j Fischer Thtr 1»J — So Pacific Co. 64% 6S
I Frnch-A Bk.107 113 ISwiss-A Bk 113 —
I Hono P Co.. 24% 25 | Truck Elect.! 11U 12
Do pool .. 24 — jUR InC pfd. 60»4 61*i
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
: Oil Stock — Bid. Asked.
I Associated Trust Cert 27
[Caribou 5 00 Boo
i Chicago Crude 22 25
Claremont flo
Giant 24
\ li'cmo 61 63
i Independence .... 32
I Monte Cristo »o
1 Occidental of W Va 03 04
JOII City Petroleum 87 88
R*ed Crude 1 93 ....
i Sterling 2 00
I Twenty-eight 1100 12 30
I Coalinga A Pac Oil Co S7
Miscellaneous —
! Fischer's Theater 1 75 2 0<>
I Truckee Electric 11 12% 12 0O
! SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Four Oil .\ 83
Afternoon Session.
200O Associated Bonds 87 50
i Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGR
I Following were the sales on the San Fran
| ciaco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
i Morning Session — Comatocka.. .
1 100 Con Cal & V.I 85j 100 Mexican 1 23
j 2fO Exchequer ... 45) 20U Sierra Nev .... 29
J 20U Gould A Cur. 12!
Afternoon Session— Comstocks.
500 Andes -I 400 Gould A Car. 11
3U0 Belcher IS i 200 Julia 07
200 Caledonia 3«; 900 Ophir 2 30
10w Chollar 17[ 300 Sierra Nev.... 28
4300 Con Imperial. 01! 300 Sierra Nev.... 25 —
400 Con Cal A V.I 801 200 Silver Hill.... 52
300 Con Cal A V.I 73 [ 200 Union Con 48
600 .Crown Point.. 16| 400 Union Con 48
200 Exchequer . . . • 45! 300 Yellow Jacket. . 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
A l t>na 1.1 1.', Julia ©« 08
Alta ©8 OSi Justice 04s. ©«
[Andes 22 24jKentucli 02-04
I Belcher IS 19 Lady Wash ..02 04
' Best &. Belch.l 05 1 l«>i Mexican ......1 10 1 IS
i Bullion 25 27 Occidental ... 74 7«
i Caledonia .... 35 36|Oph!r 2 20 2 43
1 Challenge ... 14 18| Overman 11 12
' Chollar 16 17,Poto»i 1O 11
Confidence ... 80 85! Scorpion 08 C6
Con Cal A V.I 65 1 70iSavajre 24 23
Con Imperial. 01 02- Seg Belcher... 05 07
i con NY 03 05: Sierra Nev.... 24 25
i Crown Point.. 14 13 Stiver Hill 31 53
I Eureka Con.. — 80' St. Louis .... (» V
i Exchequer ... 45 47. Syndicate .... 03 i>5
I E Sierra Nev 03 C5 r Union Con 4« 47
Gould & Cur. 11— 12) Utah :... OS CO
Hale A Norc. 67 69 Yellow Jacket. 16 17
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIEU> STOCKS.
I Morning Session.
I 1000 MacNamara . 231 400 Ton Belmont.. «*W>
j 100 Mont Ton ...1 9©! 20O Ton Gold Mt. 17
I 30O Ray AO'Brien 07| 40O Ton Midway.. 3<»
1 1000 Red Top 13j 100 Ton of Nev. 9 12S
I 1000 Rescue 10!
Afternoon Session,
j 500 Gold Anchor. 22j 200 Ton Belmont .. 73
100 Jumbo 55! 700 Ton Ohio ".Z
I 500 MacNamara . 23| ICO Ton of Nev.f 12V,
I 100O Reacue 10j < ,. <
f CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.! Bld.Aik.
Ton of Nev.. 9 00 9 25! Rescue 08 10
Mont Ton ...1 85 1 90|Ton A Cal... 16 —
Ton Exten . .2 10 — | Ray A O" Brlen — 07
MacNamara . 21 22 Paymaster ... OS C3
Ton Midway.. — 40 1 Little Ton . . 38 5t>
I Ton Belmont.. — ?0< Esperanxa 01 02
I Ton N Star... 17 19' Gold Anchor.. 22 2*
West End ... — 17! Quincy 11 —
Ton Gold Mt 17 18, N Y Ton Con. — It
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm .. — 201 Jumbo Ex ..20 22
Red Top U 1*! Vernal Mln ..10 —
Goldfield Mhk — 16! Goldfield 60 —
Jumbo 53 — j -
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. . j,
1 Following were the sal^s on the San Fran*
J Cisco and Tonopah Mining .Exchange yesterday:
I ¦ ' Morning Session.'
I 3000 Bullfrog Mln. '47| 600 Jumbo Sd
I 100 Jutnbo 48, 1300 Jumbo 83
600 Jumbo 4d'«050 MacNamara .. 23
100 Jumbo 5211500 NY Ton Con. 1Z
lOOO Jumbo ...... 50 220O Ton N Star... 17
1CO Jumbo 53,2000 Ton N Star... 2O
200 Jnmbo 54:3000 Vernal Mm ..• 11
Afternoon Session.
1000 Adams '. 10! 400 LJttla Ton ... 43
40O Bullfrog Mln. 43.43CO MacNamara .. 23
500 Bullfror Mln. 47', 4000 MacNamarm .. 22
500 Bullfrog Mln. 48,1000 Mont Ton ...1 90
6OO Bullfrog Min- 4»' 100 Mont Ton . .1 92H
400 Goldfield Mln 62 ( 3«0O N Y Ton Con. 12
i 100 Goldfield Mln 61 i 100 Ton Belmont.. 77
500 Gldfld Red L . W5 5C0 Ten Midway.. 39
! 100 Jumbo 52! 3CO Ton N Star... 19
1000 Jumbo 50f low Ton N Star... 17
400 Jumbo ....... 54 ! ir.CO Ton N Sur... 20
2000 Jumbo Ex . . 2O| 10CO Vernal Mln . . 13
CLOSING . QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.! • • Bid.Aak.
Adams » lttMont Ton ...100 —
Black Butte.. 16 1SN Y T Con M. 12 —
Blue Boll M. 28: Paymaster ... 09 —
Booth M Co. 13 — IQulncy 11 —
Bullfrog Mln. 49 — ' Ray Exten . . — C3
Columbia 23 25 Ray A O'Brien — 1O
Dlamondfield. 37. — (Ray Ton .... — 14
Esperanza ... — OliRed Top 12 —
Goldflelfl BAB — 16: Rescue 00 10
! Goldfield Dtnd — 201 Rothwell G M — 80 .
(Goldfield Mln 62 — !Ton Belmont.. 78 73
Goldfield Mhk 13 221 Ton A Cal... 17 —
Gldftd Red L. 05 — ITon Cash Boy. — 13
Goldfield SFk — lSlTon Exten . .2 0O 2 25
Goldfield Ton. — ll|Ton Gold Mt. IT 1?
Gold Mt Con. — 02; Ton Midway.. 37 39
Hazel Kirk .. 06 —ITon of Nev. 9 00 » r 3TH
Jim Butler .. 60 — (Ton N Star... IT t*
Jumbo 84 — [Ton Unton .. — 11
Jumbo EX .. 19 21 tUnl ted Ton — _' C9
Little Ton ... 4* 48i Vernal Mln .. !• — *
Lucky Ton*- — lQfWea* K»* ' «• XX '
ManNtmn
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 1#.
Flour qr sks... 6,518! Feed, sks >* 16
Wheat, ctls 3*9 ¦ Screenings, sks.. 1,495
Barley, ctls 2. 40l| Alfalfa, sks 40
Oats, ctls 3,319; Cornmeal (West).
Corn (West), ctls 2,eO0j ctls 500
Rye ctls 320- Tallow, ctla 271
Beans, sks 5. KU Leather, rolls ... 161
Potatoes sks ... 8.761 |HIdea. No 2,291
Onions, ska 544 ! Pelts No 725
Middlings sks .. OCOjLime. bbls 3R4
Hay. tons 356 Raisins, bxs 2,750
Ftraw. tons ...#. 14 Sugar ctls 440
Hops, bales 1 170 Wine, sals 32,475
Wool bales 261 Powder, bbl ,. 1
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks ... 43! Wool, bales 22
—1 11.— « -1 ..—i
STOCK MARKET.
Changes in quotations yesterday were few
and slight. Butter continued weak as a rule,
though some houses reported a steadier tone
for strictly fancy creamery. Others were over
loaded and reported exactly the reverse. Store
Butter was offered low down. There was no
change in Cheese.
The situation in Eggs was very similar to
that in Butter. Some houses were cleaned up
of ranch goods and quoted a very firm market,
while others stated that, not being sold out
and finding the market beginning to drag, they
were offerlrg to sell at concessions to clear
their floors. -The general situation, however,
stood about the same.
Receipts were 6.\400 lbs Butter, 523 casea
Eggs and 35,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hand9. 21*4®
22Vie for- extras and lW'^SOc for lower to me
dium grades: dairy. 17(0~2Oc: cold storage. 1««?
21c; store Butter. 12H'314c; > Eastern cubes,
nominal; Eastern ladle-packed. 15*gltic.
CHEESE— 12@12^c for cholc* mild new and
10@llc for old; cold storage. l6»4©llc; Young
Americas 12f?l."»c; Eastern, 10<915c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 48Q5OC for large white se
lected, 40@47>4c for good to choice and 3i» a a
45c for common;, cold storage. 23030c; East
ern. 25<52Sc for choice. 22Q21c for standards
and 10@21c for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL. MARKETS.
DRIED FRUITS
EVAPORATED APPLES^-The market Is
quiet. The demand shows very little improve
ment and the undertone is weak for both spot
and futun-s. Common, 4g4ftc; prime. - 4%c;
choice, 5<3">^e; fancy, 6g«V4c.
PRUNES — Show Increased firmness, with
some demand for the larger sizes, and outside
quotations are higher. They range from 2c to
6c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Continue scarce and firm, with
choice quoted at rfViSlOe; extra choice, 10V4@
lOHc; fancy. llQloc.
PEACHES — Quiet. Choice. 9S0^C extra
choice, &V2#10c; fancy. lOHSllc.
Mex Central 4a... 71%|Alloue« 16%
Railroads— lAmal Copper 73% |
Atchieon 81H|AUanUo 18%
„»> Pfd 102% Blngham 34ft
Boston & AIbany.252 Calumet & Heola.640
Boston & Malne.164 Centennial ... 30%
Boston Eler 153 H Copper Range ... 66K,
Fitchburg pfd.... 13SH Daly Went ;. 11H
Mex Central 18H'Dom Coal 60
N T. N H & H..194H Franklin 18*4
Pere Marquette... 75 Granny 8%
Union Pacific 112% Isle Royalo 34^4
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining .... 6%
Amer Arge Chem. 19 Michigan \.. 9%
.DopH 61 Mohawk 59
Amer Pneu Tube. 4 Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Sugar ....145% Old Dominion ... 27%
Do pfd 138 Osceola. 82V4
Amer Tel A Tel.,143 Parrot '.. 20%
Amer Woolen ... 17% Quincy 110
Do pfd 88Vi Shannon S%
Dom Iron tt B... 16% Tamarack 135
Ed Eject nium..245 Trinity 1«
G «n Electrio ....176 US Mining 23%
Mass Electrlo 13% u S Oil 10\L
Do pfd 65*4 utah 43H
Mas L Ga * 4iy i JVIctoria 5U
Ln Show Mach... 54 [Winona HVa
Do pfd 31*41 Wolverine 103
London Closing Stocks.
Cons m4ney...88 3-16 N Y Central 139%
Do acct 88 5-16 Nor 4 Western... 75%
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 93H
Atchlson 90Ti Ont & Western..: 44H
Do pfd 10554 Pennsylvania 71%
Bait 4 Ohio 98% Rand Mines 11U
Can Pacific 133HIReadIng 38T»
Chea & Ohio 47^1 Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 25 Do 2d pfd 41
Chi. Mil & St P. 178 So Railway 37
De Beers .18% Do pfd 97%
Den & Rio G 33M, So Pacific 67
Do pfd 85% Union Pacific 116U
Erie 42 Do pfd 98
Do 1st pfd 73 US Steel 27^
Do 2d pfd 55% Do pfd 89H
m Central 149 Wabaah 24\,
Louis & Nash 139 Do pfd 47
M. K & Texaa.,. 35H Spanish 4i 8T%
Bar silver— Steady 26%d per ounce.
Money — 202 H per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%«?3 per cent and for three
months' bills 2%@>2 15-16 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury shows available cash
balance, $144,423,8CK5: gold. $85,700,504.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10. — Spot closed dull.
Middling uplands. 10.15c; middling Gulf,
10.40c. Sales. 1116 ba'.es.
Futures opened steady at unchanged prices
to a decline of 2 points, and closed steady
with prices net 1 point lower to 1 point higher.
New York Grain and Produce. ,
.NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
?^'"222 barrels ; exports' »000 barrels. Sales,
10,.tO0 packages. Market flrm, with fair trade.
WHEAT— Receipts, none; sales, 4,800,000
bushels futures. Spot, irregular; No. 2 red.
$1 U2H f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
$1 20fi f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
*1 0< 14 f . o. b. afloat. Most of the day wheat
was fine on reports of frost and crop damage
in Argentine, supplemented by decreasing
Western receipts, but in the afternoon reacted
with com and closed no mere than steady at
a partial %e net advance. Sales included:
No. 2 red. May, $1 14 7-1631 15tf, closed
$114"<,: July. $1 02*i<51 02%. cloeed $102%:
December, 51 1S%<S1 1&%. closed $1 19%.
HOPS— Firm.
H I LiESa — Firm.
WOOL — Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 15-16c;
centrifugal. 06 test. 4 7-lGc; molasses sugar,
311-lb'c; refined, flrm; No. 8, 4.99c- No 7,
4.1>0c; No. 8. 4.S0c; No. 0. 4.75c; No. 10,
4.70c; No. 11. 4.tiOc; No. 12. 4.5oc; No. 13.
4.50c; No. 14, 4.50c; confectioners' A. 5.20c;
mold A. 5.70c: cut loaf. 5.05c; crushed, 6.0£5c;
powdered. 3.4.'>c; granulated, 5.3fc: cubes, 5.50t.
COFFEE— The rrarket for* coffee futures
closed firm at an advance of 5 points on the
two near months and of 10 to 15 points on the
I later positions. December, 6.95@7.C&«': Janu-
I ary. 7.10c; March. 7.30@7.35c; May, 7.45®7 6Oc-
I July. 7.65^7.75c; August. 7.C5c; September,
7.»0c: . October, 7.W37.95c; spot Rio, steady;
No. 7 Invoice. 8"4c; m'.ld. steady.
BUTTER— Firm. Creamery held, common
to extra,- l£023c: ofneial price, renovated com
mon to extra. 12HlHii.c.- : .
CHEKSE— Unchanged. -
EGGS— Firm. ._ .
No more Western Poultry came in and there
was very little of the stock previously received
left on hand. Trad^ was more active in do
mestic stock, which was in light receipt, but
prices were without quotable change. Dressed
Turkeys were offering in small quantities and
sold at 22tf?2l>c per pound. ,
Trade in Game was rather quiet and prices
showed considerable revision. Sprig and
Widgeon Ducks were quoted firmer, while Red
Heads. Gray Geese and Hare were mostly in
poor condition ancl cheaper.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16@lSc for old
and •liir:!c per lb for young; Geese, .per pair,
?1 50<&-J; Goslings, $2#2 25; Ducks. $4 GO^S
per dozen for old and $507 -for young: Hens,
»4g4 So for small and $5@5 60 for large; young
Roosters, *.1<&5 50; old Roosters. $4#4 50: Fry
ers. $4©4 50; Broilers. * - J 50®3 50; Pigeons.
$1 50: Squabs. $292 25. '
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3®7 per dozen;
Canvasback, $3^7; Teal, $2ig2 50; Sprig. $".®
3 30; Widgeon. $2fi2 25; Red Heads. $2@3;
Bmall Ducks, $1 . r i0@2: Gray Getse. $3t?3 50;
White Geese, Jl 50®2; Brant. $1 3CS2 50:
Honkers. ?::^5: Snipe. $:> for English and fl T>0
for common; Doves, $1 25; Hare. $1 5O<S1 75;
Rabbits $2 for Cottontails and *1 50 for .Brush.
Poultry anil Game.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops. I
Wool. Hides and Hops conUnue very flrm |
and In excellent shape for sellers, with stock 1
passing actively Into consumption. A dispatch j
from Portland says: "The record price for
Oregon Hops waa reached last week, when 150 |
bales were sold to Eastern brewers at 32 cents; >
even the poorer grades are now bringing 30
cents. It is estimated that not over 11,000!
bales are left In the hands of growers, and j
they are held firmly, offers of even 32 cents [
being refused." —
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about H@lo under quotations.' Heavy lalted !
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9Hc; Cow j
Hides. »Hc for heavy and »fte for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 10%c: Salted Veal.
H 1 4c: Salted Calf, ll^c; dry Hides, 17%c; dry
Kip. 15c : dry Calf. 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
2'i@40c each; short W00L 40® 65c each: me
dium. 75®90c: long Wool. $1©1 50: Horse
Hides, salt. $2 75 for large and $2©2 50 for
medium, $1 60®2 for small and 00c for Colts:
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angorfrs. 75c; extra large do,
$1 23; large, 60c; medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4%c p«r lb;
No. 2. 3Ho; Grease, 2H63c. ' " "
WOOL— Pall clip— San Joaquin and South
ern. 9®llo; Southern. 8j?9c; Southern Moun
tain, italic; Middle Counties, free. 12©l* c '
do. defective, 10®12c; Northern free. 12©14e:
do defective 10-Q12C; Humboldt and Mendo
dno. ie©l8c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop, 29@32c per lb.
3Ieat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Whoesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are. as foUows: • • - •
BEEF— 5@7c for Steers and 4S5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 607%c; small, 7©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7«c : Ewes. 607c p«
pound.
LAMB— «H©ec per/lb.
PORK — Dreesed Hogs. 6©8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7U®7%e: Cowa and Heif
ers. 5V4<36^c: thin Cows. 4@6c per lb.
CALVES — »©4Hc per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers 3Vs@3%c : Ewes, 383&0
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 50^2 75 per head.
-..HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 250 lbs, 4%©4%e:
under 140 lbs, 4%64%c; soft Hogs, not want
ed; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent
• off, and Stags, 40 per cent oB from aboYt
quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. $5^5 25; San Quentln,
*4 50; Wool Bags. 3O@32c; Fleece Twine, 7V»c;
Fruit Bags. 6^@7Hc for white and 7e for
brown jute.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 80:
Beaver Hill, $5 50: Roslyn. $7: Coos Bay_
$.'. 60; Richmond, $7 BO; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke,
$11 50^13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 50 per short
ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for casea
add 5c; Linseed, 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. SI 10@l 12; Lucol, 50c for I
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases,
t&tfjSOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, In barrels,
CSc for Ceylon and 53c for Anstrallan; extra I
bleached winter Sperm Oil. eSc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter Whale ,
Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter 1
: strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
: pure Neatsfoot OH, 73c; No. 1 N eats foot OH 1
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil
! 40c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw I
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint OIL 33c; raw Paint :
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH, in bulk.
: 13c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 19«4c: Astral, l»He;
Star. 19^c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 28c; Eo
¦ cene 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In balk '
' lBc- in cases. 22V4c; Benzine, in bulk. l3c- in
cases. 19 Vjc; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c;
In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon In cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7tt©
7%c per lb: White Lead. 7U®7%c. according
: to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- j
I pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags: 1
1 Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered, h.lOc; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
1 Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated I
O00-lb bags only). 5.00c; Confectioners' A, 6c;
¦ Magnolia A. 5.6«c; Extra C. 5.50c: Golden C.
5 40c; "D," 5.3Ce: barrels, 10c more; halt
¦ barrels 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50- lb bags,
10c more Mr all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c- boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than gev
' *nty-flve barrels or It* equivalent.
SALMON — Is rather more active, especially
i in the cheaper grades. Alaska Red Is dull,
I with buyers' bids below the views of holders.
j New York dealers do not bid over $1 10. Pinks
I outsi J^ of association holdings are wiell cleaned
i up and firm, with sales for Japan at 75c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening .......... 7 2% 74% 7414
Closing 7 2Tfc 7 4% 7 4%
PARIS.
Wheat— N°v- Mar. -June.
Opening 23 65 25 15
doping 23 70 25 20
Flour —
Opening 3115 32 85
Closing 31 30 32 85
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS Nov. 10.'— Wool, steady; medium
grades, comb'ing and clothing, 2O@27^c; light,
fine 10@21c; heavy, fine, 12©17c; tub washed,
23©3Sc.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 10. — Wheat fcr export —
Walla Walla. S2u; bluestem, S5c; valley, 86@
87c; for Eastern markets— Walla Walla, 800;
bluestem. 87c. ¦ . r ';
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 10. — Wheat w.c higher. Blue
stem, 90c; club, SSc. -
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Noy. 10.— Clearings, $1,073,130;
balances. $177,207.
TACOMA. Nov. 10. — Clearings, 1542.8*9;
balances. $42,502.
PORTLAND; Nov. 10. — Clearings. $1.0S4,
7l«: balances, $154,775.
SPOKANE. Nov. 10. — Clearings. $703,247;
balances, $106,332.
SUSCELJiAXEOCS MARKETS.
Fresh lots of choice Tomatoes and Cucum
bers were in good request at fair prices, while
old and poor lots which have been lying- around
for some time were very hard to »-ll, even at
the minimum quotations. Beans were in com
paratively light supply and steady. Two sacks
of Green Peas came in from Los Angeles, the
first of the season from that region, and sold
at Cc per pound.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 40@
6te per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1" 35 per
ctl; River Red.% 65@S5c per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes, 50@75c per ctl.
ONIONS— $1 26^1 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— String Beans, 2Ms@.1c per lb;
Wax Beans, 2V4®3>4c per lb; Lima Beans,
3^4@5c per lb; Tomatoes, 25@75c per box;
Summer Squash, SI 25 per box; Cabbage, rtT>o
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 250
<3Oc per box; Garlic, 4^c per lb; Ebs
Plant. SSifi-lUu per box: Dried Peppers, nom
inal; Green Okra nominal;" Green Peppers, 25
S5Cc per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash,
*10@12 per ton for round lota.
Previous conditions prevailed In the Potato
market and low prices still ruled, with fe
celpts large and surplus stock steadily accumu
lating. Five carloads of Sweets were market
ed, causing- anothor sharp break in prices.
Onion* remained flrm, with receipts light and
the demand brisk on shipping and speculative
accounts.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Beans were again free, being
8941 sacks. Most of the offerings consist of
damaged stock, which exercises a depressing
infuence on the market, as already mentioned.
Dry Pinks are In demand, but there are none
here. The quotations below represent dry lots
— weather-stained goods are selling anywhere
from $1 to $2 per ctl and are slow at that.
M. • L. - Wolff of Oxnar J has prepared a da
tailed report of thla year's IJma crop In Ven
tura County, which Is considered th» most ac
curate yet made. The report ia compiled from
the reports* of the threshing machines and
gives LJmaa at 337,325 sks and other Beans at
50,000 sks.
BEANS — Bayoe, $2 75@3: Pea. *3 10®3 23;
Butters. $2 76@3: small White. |3 1B@3 30;
large White, $2 40®2 65; Pink. |2 7$®3 15; Red.
$4 2r>@4 60; Lima. $4 10@4 20; Red Kidneys.
$4C0@4 75; Blackeyes. *2 0O@2 70 per ctl;
Horse Beans, *1 85©2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard $4 75@5; Yellow,
Mustard, $8 25; Flax. $2©2 7B; Canary. 6%
®7c; Alfalfa, 15H@16V.c; Rape, 1%®2Hc;
Timothy, 5%c; Hemp. 3%©3%c per lb; MlUet.
2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, ?1 75 @ 2 50; Green
Peas, $1 75@2 50 cer ctl.
Beans 'and Seeds.
SU1CJAKY OP TIIK MARKETS.
%'cw Tork. stocks irregular and cx
trrxKtl; acUw.
Loral sioris and bonds liTcllcr and
nion* intcrrstlns.
SiTirr snd Kxrfiange not materially
ciians^tl
f^>sion tim> s Ii\^dy Copper market.
Mitral sod I^arlcy firm, but not ac-
I jir»T* rcrcipts of Oorn from tbe Wcst.
Oais stcsuij".
liaj and PccdstnfEs as previously
• - - n xnai-krt mill baznpered by \ret
KImt i*olaux-s low and weak, xritii
Mocks accaizml&ting..
Gamp and ]*oaitry in fair supply.
Apples in large supply and weak. Nevr
crop oranges knrrr.
IlniKT, C2iee»c and Eggs aboat as bo
for-i.
Z'Cct-ada Honey still d«*prcs9cs the mar
keu
I*rovlsioas dnll. ulUi barreled Pork
lower.
Wool. Hides and Hop? still active and
lirm. __^____________
Tbr Hmnboidt Savings Bank.
The iivjsixMi Sa\lsss Bank, after thlrty-
B»* rears at IS Geary street, has removed Is
OS Market street and plans arc now being ccn
cklcretl f-JT the ojestruction of a firsi-class
r; *:¦ : -r I -i.; :.- .•¦ ca tbe property oTraed by tfce
bank at IS Osatrr t
Grain Exports in' October.
Tbe eijMts cf grain from Son .Francisco by
mem. in Oclober were at follours:
WHEAT.
To — Centals. Vaiaea.
Qn«t Britain 13X067 fl91.«j5
Hs-uviiar. fluids <>71 :.uT2
¦ hi.-. 42V <*50
Tahiti *5 IM
ToiaJs 13,253
O^l>?r. KX3. 100,006 218.&S4
SARI^ET.
The fallowing, shows •.:-.« exnorta oX barley
from Sao Francisco in October, 1904:
Tb — Centals "Vainea.
Great Bnl»!a :5«.1O5 $S1«.17«
Hawaiian Is^nda 30.773 S5.S43
New Zealand 2,5<'l 3.C59
Tahiti 444 551
Centra! America 4i>0 4t£
.'.'•;¦¦• Z2 tS
rMala 2S1.775 1356,751
Octot>er. VXn I.On.865 Jl.3S3.134
Tlrf r*ir>riesta last monvh included four
whole t*u\«ry end two -whole wheat cargoes
for Grwrt Ilritaia. The triali for 190CJ In
cluded 15S.7U0 centa!* of Trbeat and S3I,!>26
cecial^ cf bariey for ¦»¦•.;-. Britain. 15A.C32
cent«i5 barley r-jr IVlgium and 36,1^7 centals
ter Austr«!te.
Slociis. Coj>ucr and Cotton.
Tbe Xt»- York and }ioston -wires of E. F.
Hut tor. & Co- j-erterday said:
STOCKS — T?i<r« lra* noitlng in the way of
news fortiscorntr^ d-uriss the 4a.y to shake
eor.fi!lfi;'~e !n r^jiteiialljr fcigher values later,
«r.- t.>-<i»y*« movement may be looked
u'.'u.- »i a aati;r«i re«rrtlona.rj- tendency which
is *>xp*»ctetj_ Z-iquidMZior. on a heavy scale waa
a r<^:t:r». Tradcr» Brb» ha\e recently carried
jarjre line? of Kocks tack th» view that the
recent fharp rise oxer election had extended
far enough et.c that a reaction was due and
v>ased op their ions comrnluaects.
COTTON— Ti: ere was little change in the
alt nation ami xiie ouUook cf ihe cotton market
to-day. Tra<lir:#r -was light aad flnctuatitns
narrow. The declinicg teodency cf the mar
ket, however, »« cb*£jced despite the efforts
o' the bears to cocilEue the depression. Our
idea has be^u Tor *ome time that the trade
ha? ovt-restimaied the yieJd and that there
h^i* t>«-*-n no warrani for the 12. OXt. 000- tale
crop '-«--tJTr.a!f-* wrfcici h*-re b^en p^ir out for
the last several mvrrxh*. and that bj- the time
the <Jovtrnsi*r.t <r™> eaiimate <je tb« yield of
tott'.ts ;*r acre, doa on Deceisber 3, appears
¦-. i Rencral tendency to abandon
»:' fada iiias- fcr much more conservauve
views
DOSTOX rrilTKIt LETTIJR— The market
to-<t»y wa* ttie rr.uil suTive we have had and
pric*» were tnrvr.s. Koj-al, Atlantic ard AJ
jgy x?kt<? the partlcslstr favorites, the for
cier aevajjtiiiif five pa'.ms an-3 closing at the
to?. Twta! Tranjart.ctis were the largest for
eeveraj y-~r* ar.1 «>e puMlc' Intenst in the
xr.arKri l£ cos* : JeraLbie.
GASTERX MARKETS.
> c\x \ ork Money Market-
SW TOKK. Nov. 10.— Money on call was
Era ani b:ph-r at S%^3 i>er cer.t; closinj
L:: as-i >tf-:t ¦} at 3 p«r cent- Tinu. loans
•r«*t Etljhuy flimex. with sixty daj-s ar.d
r. :: «',y 4zra si 3% per cent and six month*
tt 3~-^Z% per c-st. Prime mercaaul*
jper. *-i per c*ir_ BterUnc *xcianir» waa
. =^t>. arlcai buaingjin in bani^rs' bills st
t: S S0%«.8CmS ior demand and at $4-S:{G5?gf
*.S:i.« rcr »irry-daj bills. Pcstt-J rates.
*t SH-&4 BZ. OcasotxrSai bills. $4 *•!%. Bar
t.lvT. isijc. 21:-xi<sia daUar*. 46' t c Bend*—
3iverrur>traa'. rtradj". railroais. irrejruLar.
New York Stock Market.
WJtt TORK. Not. 10. — There were furttwr '
vtrj- !arj>: deajiegs In etoc&s to-cay and a !
»ery broad rr.arket, with much absorptive
P wer. But the volume of transaction* fell
off largeiy from the extraoraiaary buainess
Bate yealeifiay and amounted to l^sa than '
2.00CbW0 bhjir*^. Also the eelline rathtr over- i
- buj'icg and csuted an extensive array I
loaaea fcy tfce end of the day. besides j
refiucing or wiping out the gains in 1
•- • ATOOf Teaturee of the day. The «.agern-ss
I ¦ s-'.'. wac es;*<;ially manifest In the Un.ted 1
Etale* Steel etockA, tbe Pacifl=», Erie. R«ad
¦¦-k and Rock lelaxid. In tfce treme^c»us d<?aJ-
Isci of yesterday, amounting to cure th»n
- . . ¦•<> • ¦ - ol &21 Issues, these tvw stocks i
'^•atribijt^d much n:ore than the aggregate, j
Tbe sharp ri»e in price* which resulted ye»- ]
t^riay from this great buying evidently offered '
profita which were sufSMently attractive to I
M-''ir< enough to overbear tin. ru.w de- |
"—id. which wu aii»"> iax»e. Toe new de- I
Band v.a» especially eff^rtiT* in Southern Pa- !
'--'. tiid Rock Island, lifting tbe former etock
t: one time a point ovtr last night. Tfce
irrejrnlartty end imr^rtaia too* which de
wricptd in tlie rest cf the market tras almost
*rbnily due to tbe doubti aroused by the ;- r
r»rtlon that there waa Billing oat In theae
»l&cic« vbo«e Btrengtli had pinved mo at
tractive a festure of ye«t*raay'* market.
Tt*r^ were eubstirute* for that »trenTQj In
t*-4ay"a marke-t. but d«y Aid not prove so
attractive ea yesterday'* fe&tarca. The fact
of n. halt or of a reverae la ol far more in
fiueae* In deddirg transartiona than reasons
t»»ns{ upon TaJu^a or eaniicg p<3w«r. Xeira
Trrxa the iron and »te*l ;r. : i*tr>" cflerej noth
'¦c* V.. refute >«»t*T<la.>-'« cfcwrfnl rvporta. cup
p«r *ai further advaaceA. sugar traj marked
¦I> *: '. mor> ravorable railroad reports came
It hand. J' *¦:¦'_. v the reading of tbe ao~u
- '- r .-. ia the hearing of the Northern r— ¦j
rtti*s !njanrtlon appeal served to revive an
'. ;'*ir.J! :.-.-;•-«¦». 'ir. of tbe situation of the
properties lsrvolred. wljich has received very
. •• • tt?tir«« lr 'WaU street for a long time
pavt. Tfc# «!«tiTnat*« of gold movements to
Caba to r*a-h 53.000,000 proved Jarring to sen
timent, 1 :...- the rrtaouon of the 3 per c?nl
rat* by th* Bank of Engiand and a fcrther
rrsarldgg 4ow~n nf the prir* of gold !n Londcs
were factors «t»'»«« further gold withdrawals
'. •¦ rr. bcre for Enrooe. Tt.»-re was a rather
eaggo-eti-re bardentng- ta the sterling exchange
rate h*r> xa 1 a weakening at Paris and B*T-
J!n. wtil(± »«-r»eid %r> ln«r«as« the threat Tipoa
our gold cspply. T.rif was a firmer tone in
ccr itxiaey mxrtiA. "out chaag'* in quotatiens
¦»rr« bar»ly appmriabie. Call loana. hrw
fcver. wen? madv at ¦{ per cent in .the i»«r
.' . .r of :'j- stock tr-arlj-t.
B'jtxls were lrrecslar. Total ealea. par
Talue. tl?.O-3.C^«i
* r-.:;ei States boo&i were unchanged on call.
Krw York Stocks.
K. T. Hstton A Co.. 430 California street.
Esn fraaoiaco. r e.-.j>->-» of the New York
Block Eicfaaste. rurr.:»i tbe following official
<.-.•»:...:»» i,' that I lxrhar.ee;
Eaiea. j fto-ts — iHlghlLow.i Bld.| Ask.
; Adams Erpresa '240 :26r>
tK.aoorAmaig <^cpper. .. 74% 73% TZ%\ 74
iAm Can Co »%; 9%
1 1>* P'-A UU] 5aS
XMQAa <vii>co ravij 'jay, 29^ toy,
99>}[ I)o pfil J m\-A S»'i M hH'H,
........Acj Cotton Oil. „> 31"-^ SOV 32Vil i'^
\km Dist rci...j..... -5 27
...... -,Ani i;j.,-r-»» :.. 1.....21© 212
iA» (Jr Trin»Co ...'.. 9U lo .
V>! a:. Hide A L.. «H| 5% « CVl
:>o pfd 22-* 22^ 21% 22^
*»; American Ice X. • 6'^ I'l 8 8U
1.2OOI Do pfd 87*1 S** 34% 37
' IX> f^d 32 32H
4.W)i» Am Ivxxrtnotive. SI C> 3OW. aa- ;
2.«K»; Do pfd 93% 99 »8'2 0»»i
30O;Am Malt ! i% i^ 5 h £
Do pfd 24 27 22% 23
10,20o;Azn Sm ft Rf O» 7« 7514 75^J 7BU
i>0 Pfd .* 112 H2»i
24,«00 Am Bugar 14C',i 14i% 14<?U uni\
I>« Ptd 184 133
14 Am Tel tc rOa ..... ..... 143 144'
....... la Tob pfd.... ..... ;.... P2U ffii
«0OJABi Woolsn lSij 18 17% j«
• -j Do Pfd *5 %«
l,90qAnacyo<ia ;109% 1O» 106H 100
jAna Arbor j 53 I SI 80«i ZtU
WO\ Tio pf d ! KH »H : » J<*>
TAB F 8<5»i «5% M>i M»i
X**h Do vid J1OS 1C2J* 102% 102%
2a,7Cu;tl=U * Ohio ] 97 »STk d6'i tt£
L000! Do pfd 105 I 95%
|Bay state Gas | U| 9-32
7OO,B R T 68% 66% 67%1 67*
,Br-3t TJn Gas 22O 224
(Brans 1> & 1 »% 9% 9 9% !
iButterick Co 50% 51
[Canada, ' So 87 W i
8O> 1 Can*dian Pac .. 123% 123 129 129H
14.6t»C & 0 46% 45% 45% 454;
400 ; C & A 88% 37% 3S 38%
lOOi Do pfd 80 85
C 4 B I pfd 130 135 .
jC I & L pfd SO 90
22.100C & G W 24% 23% 23% 23%
lOOl Do pfd A 62 63 61% 62%
1.4OOJ Do pfd B 35 34% 34% 35
Do d>b« 87% 90
400C &. N W 198 197 197% 198
! 17.100 C M & St P 173% 171% 172% 172%
! [ Do pfd 182 184
I IOI.WOjC It I 4; P (new) 36% 35% 38 8«%
I 22,000 Do pfd 79 18% 78% 78%
4OO| Do 4* 7«% 77
'Ciiica«o Term... 11 10% 10% 10;4
1.100 Do pfd 22% 21% 21% 23
3.400<ChJc*4ro Un Trao 10 9% 9% B%
1.000 C C C * St L.. 87 86% PT 87%
S **> P r d 112% US
CTeve Lor & W. 74 K5
! Do v'i 74 75
27,100«Co;o Fuel A I... 44 42% 43% 43%
I Do pfd SI 83
Colam II C & L.. 14% 14%
3,600 Colorado So 23% 23 23% 23%
; Do l*t pM ... 58% 6«% 50% 57
1.I5OCI Do 2d pfd 35% 35 35% 35%
5.2C0Coc»l Gas ¦SIS 217 ;217U 217%
-• Cotj Tob pfd .. 12*% 12» 126% 127
4.700 O>rn Prodact* ... 20% 19%| 20
! Do pfd 79iJ 78% 7S 78%
10,10ODel & Hudson .JlR7%'l.H4 !lS7% 187%
.'D L t W 334 '323 331 333
JD fc R G 31 32
300* Di prd 84 S3% 63% , 84
Des M * Ft D..J 24%' 26%
D«trcit Ua Ux-- 75 75V*
900 Detroit Sa ' 5 *"% 4T4 5
1,000; D<j pfd i 10 9% 9% 10
Diamond Matcn. 136 US
3,000 ! Dinil S«cur .'.".I 36% 35% 36 36%
1 D bads 75% 76
iDulath S S & A.. I2\i 12 12 12VJ
] Do pfd 20^i 20% 19% 20%
72.R!X>Erio 41% 40 4C% 40%
6,200, Do 1st pfd ... 73% 72% 73% 73H
6.30O Do 2d pfd 54% I 54 51% 54%
E & T n 64' J 63 63- 63%
i Do pM J 80 85
,G*n Ctemcsi 49 55
I Do prd 1 95 97%
900<3en Klwtric 177% '176% 178 177
.Great No pfd 191 htKJ
1.345 Grwn Cons Cop.. 25 24 24% 25
Havana Tob Co ! 28% 29%
Do pfd I 40 41
Hocking Val 80 83
i Do pM ttfVi M%
2.R00IUinois Central . 145V144V144% 143
3,400 Inter Paper 20%! 19% 19% 19%
I Do pf4 78% 79
ilnifr Power ."... «0 60%
500 Inter Pump i 38% 3S% SS% 40
; 1>> pfd ....' ! 79 " S0%
200 Iowa Central ...! 29 S,! 29 2S% 2S%
2,(iW Do pfd I 51%! 49% 49% 50'
jKanawha &Mich...:.' .->5 :«7
COOKC FtS &M pfUl ;...'.. 81 81 "4
Cnt> Kans City So ...: 29>, ; 2S s i 2S% 1»%
1,&X> Do prd ; 52% I 52% 51% 51 T i
Ke^lrak & De» JL i 15 17%
Xaclede Gas pfd.i 97 100
I Lake E & West-i ! 35 3*
¦ I Do pfd I ; 97 1102
Lor.s Island : ! «0 \ 64
3,2C>0L & N 135 !l;C$- % !134% 135
I ,MaiJu.tUn |iC3%lie2%il62% 1*5U%
i Manhattan Beach 1 ) B% 10
9,4O0jMe'-rop.j;iian SecLSl^? «9%j 80% i SI
14.lwMetropol St By.:ll23 [I21%!l2-J»i 122%
5, 401' Mexican Central. | 20^'. 19 I V.i'/i 20
Mian & St L I i «50 C2
I Do 1st pid 1 1 94 »8
200 M Bt PAS S M.j Ul* 4 j 91 91 91%
6O0; Do pfd il4S ;14$ 147% 14S»A
j 22.1-k.iO-Mo Kan & Texas; :}5%| 34 35'.» 35%
! 22.2U* Do pfd i «54 ! 00% C2Xfe •«
4,0<.'0 Mi5scuri Pacific. ,100% '105 HOsV^IKKi
' Nash C & St Li 11.12 1135
.'>'* NationaJ LeaJ ..\ 24%l 21%| 24%! 24%
100 Do L-fd \ I U'S%j 9S
3U0JXRR of Mex pfd! 41 40Vji 40% 4114
lNaticGa.1 Eiscuil.j 1 49%) 50
I 1 Do pfd j 1112 |114
1.500, N J <> r .tral il«7%!lSl 1S5%:186
I N T Air Brake. . ; 142 i!40 !1S9 ;140
S.S00IN Y Central ...;13S 135U jl33% lo<>%
! M T C 4 S: L...: j I S«J«| .TTs;
i N T Doc-k ! ] j 12" I* .
; jX T X H & H. ' 190%H95.
4.800.N T Out & W..j 43*«j 43%| 43 | 43%
; \2,S00Xortolk & Wert.j 74 V 73%! "¦*% 74%
i j Do pfd j...;. 90. P5
jNorth American.! 'J6% 87
2,500, Xorthem Secu ..,117* 4 117 (117% 117%
'Omaiia !l4J ]150
i Do pfd L |1S6 1190
,..T> S L 4a , 1104 I104U-
(Pacific Coast ....! 77 SO
Do 1st pfd 110 Ili5
j Do 2d pfd 82 84
i:;.600.PaciSc Mail ... 46'il 42 | 4B14 4»i%
! 4r,.6fO:Pean R P. Co.. 13?%S13.">% il3tt 130%
I 1 5. tOO People's Ga» . .. JUl%'10»?« 110% U0%
jPere ilarquette..' j 75 SO .
I ;P C C & St L. j 74 75%
I I Do pfd 1 1C2 101
l.tiOO, Pressed Steel Car' 34 %J 34 34 M4%
SCR)', Do »M S3»i 82%! 82% S3'
I Pullm:5n Car Co! j 220 227
1 Rv Stffel Spga Coi 30 30i;
I : Do pfd i 86% 8«t,
! 57. 800 Readies | 75% 7r>»-i 7« 76%
COO- Do 1st pfd ! 8.S 87% 87% 88
I i Do 2d pfd I j S3 I 80%
7.100 Republic S & I.. 1«% lfl%! ie%i Irt%
4.100 Do pfd «3^ <£% 63 HZ 1 *
Rubber Cools .. 23% 22% 23% 23%
! : Do pfd i 83 8S
500Sloss S S t I Co! «%| 57% 61% 62%
] Do pfd 1 9S 99
iSt J & G 1 16 17
4<jO Do 1st pfd 54 53% 54 55
I Do 2d pfd 26 27
;StL&FF 1st pfd 73 75
4.000J Do 2d pfd fi9 67 67 67%
B.«OOiSt L & S W ... 25 23% 24% 25
S.500J Do pfd 51% oO%! SI il%
HU.rii^ Southern Pacific. •Jf.% 64%i 64% 63
500J Do pfd 116% 116%|llrt% 116%
X23,400iEootfiern Ry ... M% 23% I 35% .'5541,
1.1CUJ Do pfd 95% 91% 95 9,'.%
! Standard Oil 640 643
: i Standard R & T. 2% 2% 2% 2%
60,CCO'T?nn Coal & I.. 74% 68% 74% 74%
LOOO Texas P L T Co 39% 3S j 37% 39
17.50C Texas Pacific ... 36%! 35% ;«% 3«%
iTtlrl Avenue 131 132
200 Toledo St L & W 30% 30% 29% 30
C00 Do pfd 50% 49% 4ft% 50
v - 400'Twin City R T. 100%|l06 105% 106^4
j Do r-fd 70 72
Union B & P 9% 10
I Do Pfd 1 70 72
Sl.Wrnion Pacific .. 113% 111% 112% 112%
J Do pfd 95 I 95%
". I Do ctmvt* - H2% 112%
!UiUte<l Copper 5 "i
.United R of S F 16 17%-
I Do pfd 61% 61 61% 64
I Do 4s 85% 87
¦ t S Cast I Pipe 10 15% 15 15*4
"2.V06; Do pfd 70% <»*i ™ h£>«
tJ S Express |H5 !l20
**«»U B leather ... W% 13% 13% 13%
LlW Po Pfd 9234 92>2 !»2% 93
|U B It * C Pfd 6Sfi r.S%
"¦ Wu S Rubb-r .... 29% 29«i 29% 29%
W>< Do pfd 84% 84% 84% 81%
139 °00.'U S Steel Cor... 27% 26 26% 26%
971 00i Do pfd 80% S4% 85% 85«
4*500 Va-Car Chem Co 39»i 38 39 89%
600' Do Pfd 111% 111 111 111%
lOOOo'wiliuih 24 23% 23% 23%
S.SW., Do pfd 45% 44% 44% 45
Do deb Bs .; ««% ««%
I..!.. iwells-Fargo Ex 237 245
400 Western Union 91% 92
1.000 Westinghouse ..174% 173 172 1.3
I Do 1st pfd 185 195
300W&LE 19% 19% 19% 19%
800 Do 1st pfd ... 47% 46% 46 46W
Do 2d pfd •- -'% -8
1,700 Wisconsin Cen.. 23V. 22% 22% 23%
l!400; Do Pfd 45»i 45<4 45% 45%
2,801.000 — Total sbansa ' sold.
New York Bonds.
U 8 ref 2m rfeK-104%iL &. N unified 4«.102%
Do cotipon 104%! Man con gold 4s.lO5
Do 3s res ..lC4%|iltx Central 4«... 74
Do coupon 104%| Do 1st lnc 22%"
D» new 4* reg.130% Minn i St L U.. 97%
Do coupon 130% M. K & Texaa 4*. 102%
Do old 4b re«.10(i% Do 2ds 86
Do coupon 10»>H NR of Me* con is. S!>%
Atch gen 4» 102% N Y C gen 3%s..lC0%
Do adj 4« 93 N J C gen 5s.... 135%
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S% Nor Pacific 4s 105
Bait * Ohio 4s..«*!% Do 3a 75%
rk» 3%s 95% Nor 4 W con 4«.100%
Central of G* 5e.lll% OSL 4s & partic.104%
Do l»t lnc 93 Pa con* 3%i 102%
Ch»« & Ohio 4%«.107% R*ading gen 4s. ..K2
r-hi & Alton S%s. 80 £ L ft I M con 5s.ll5%
C B * Q new is. 9U% B I. & S F fg 4s. 8$%
CM * SP gn 4«.110Vi St Louis SW l«t*. 97%
c"* NW con 7i.l27%!fk-al)oard A L 4». 83%
C n I & P»C 4s. 78»4!Po Pacific. 4s 05%
Do col I* OOUlFo Railway 5s.... 118%
C.C.C & SLcn 4«.1C2»4 Tex & Pac l«ts'..120%
Oil Term 4s S3 Tol. St L & W 4a. 80%
Con« Tobacco 4s. *»% Union Pacific 4s.l06 1
Colo * 80 4fl 89 - Do conr. 4s 112
CF & I con 5». 81% U S Steel 2d 5e..87%
D*n & Rio G *"-101 W«ba*h lst« .....117>6
Erie prior Uen 4b.101% p° 4e^ B . 67
D, gen 4« MT4 W & L Erie 4a... 91%
T W & D C lst».110% Wl* Ctntral 4«.... 92%
Hock Val 4%s...l00%!
Xew York Mining Stocks.
Adam« Con 40jLithe Chief 05
Alice eOJOntario ....; 3 60
Breec* 15:Ophtr 1 80
Uruns Con ...... 10| Phoenix 14
Com Tunnel .... OftlPotosl 09
Cor. Cal & Va... 1 70' Savage 23
Horn Silver ., ... 1 30 Sierra. Nevada.... 24
Iron Pllyer 2 00 Small Hopes ..... 28
Lcadville Con 02 Standard 1 93
Boston Stocks and Bonds. -
Money— (United Fruit 105
Call loans 2ff3iU 8 Steel 26%
Time loan* 4@5j Do pfd 65
Bonds — IWestlnr Common. 84
Atchlron 4a 162 ] Ulnlnr—
Do ad] 4a 83 Ul Adventure 7%
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 10.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 6000; native steers. $3 75<@U 40; native
cows and heifers, fl 60®5: stockers and feed
ers, f2 25@4 15; bulls, f 1 75<@3 50; calves, $2 25
06; Western steers, $3@H 50; Western cows,
$1 50#3 50.
HOO3 — Receipts. 7000. Steady. Bulk of
sales, $4 85@5; heavy, $5 05@5 15; packers,
f 4 B0®3 12% Plsrs and lights. »4 5O@5 05.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4000. Strong. Muttons,
$3 5O#4 50- lambs. f4 25W5 75; range wether*,
$4«-4 75; ewes. f2 50©4 05. v
OMAHA; Nebr., Nov. 10. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 3200. Market steady. Native steers,
$4@«S0; cows and heifers, 12 2504; Western
steers, $3®5; Texas steers. $2 75@3 75; range
oows and heifers, $2 25#3 GO; canners, $1 75$
2 25; stockers and feeders, $2 50@4; calves, f3@
5 50; bulls and stags, fl 7503 85.
HOGS — Receipts. 6800. Steady. Heavy. $4 05
<i?5; mixed, $4 9o@4 97%; l 'Kht. f4 90@4 97%;
pigs. $i&4 75; bulk. f4 95<g>4 97%.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1500. Slow to steady.
Western yearlings, $4 @4 40; wethers, f 3 90®
4 30; ewes, f 3 50@4 10'; common and stockers,
$2S0£H10; lambs, $5@« 25.
Kansas City.'
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— CATTLE — Receipts,
12,000. including 1000 Westerns. Market good,
steady. Good to prime steers, f 6 15@7 ; poor to
medium, $3 SO^C; stockers and feeders. f2 109
4 10; cows, $115@4 50; heifer*, $176®5 25;
canners. $1 25@2 40; bulls. $2®4 35; calves,
$3 50® 7: Western steers. $3 75@5 30.
HOGS— Receipts : To-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
16.000. Steady. Mixed and butchers, $4 90®
5 20; good to choice heavy. $5 05@-5 20; rough
heavy. $4 75®4 90; light, $4S5@5 12%; bulk of
sales, f 4 O5Q<3 05.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. Bheep, steady;
lamb*, strong. Good to choice wethers, $4 40$
4 75; fair to choice mixed, $4@6 10; Western
lambs, f 15|5 SO.
Omaha.
Cliicafio.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
other grade* show no material chance.. In
BRAN— $18®19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— f23 50023.
8HORTS— *18©19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. *23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 60®32 50;
Jobbing, f33; Coccanut Cake. $23624: Cocoa
nut Meal, $24025; Corn Meal. f31(f31 50;
Cracked Corn. f31 50©32; Mixed Feed, f22 50®
23; Horse Bean*. $30©40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, flO©15; Wheat and Oat. $10@
14; Oat $9@12; Barley and(Oat, fS©ll; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7010; stable, $9010; stock,
$5 5O®7; Clover. $7©10; Alfalfa, $9®12 per
teav
STRAW— 85®C0c per bale.
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 16@24c; dairies, 14@21c. Erg*,
firm at mark, cases Included, 17%@20%c.
Cheese, steady, lOSllo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
Batter, Cheese and Eggs. -
CHICAGO. Not. . 10.— On the- Produce Ex-
Barreled Pork 1* lower. Other description*
stand a* before. The market continues dull
and easy.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10%c per lb for
heavy 10%c for light medium, 13c for . light.
14c for extra H«ht and 14%c for bu jar-cured;
dry Bait Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sujrar
cured Hams. 12%©12%c: California Hams.
12G12Ue; Mess Beef. fl0®10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess. flO 6O16U: Family, f 12012 60; prime
Mess Pork, f 14 60; extra clear, *22; - Mess,
f 16 50; Pig Pork. f25; Pigs', Feet. $5; Smoked
B*ef. 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9#9%c for pure: half-barrels, pure. 8V4©
0%e; 10-lb tins. 10%c: B-Ib tins, 10%c; 3-lb
tins, 10%o. .¦•.-¦ - /
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%e: three
half barrels. 8U0: one tierce. 8%c; two tierce?.
8Mc: flve tierces 8%o per lb. ¦.¦
Provisions.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10. — Ca*h quotation* were
a* follow* : Flour, firm; No. 2 spring- wheat
fl 1001 16; No. 3. fl 04©l 12: No. 2 red, f 1 16%
@118; No. 2 corn. 56%®37c; No. 2 yellow
eOc; No. 2 oats.' 81%c; No. 3 white. 3fVff3i«i e '.
No- 2 rye. 80%c; good feeding barley. 38S38Vsc :
No. 1 flaxseeu. *1 10% : No. 1 Northweutern!
$1 17; prime timothy peed, 12 66; mess pork
per barrel, Jll 10011 15; lard, per 100 pounds!
f7 07%6^10; short rib* sides (loose), fH87%®
7 12%; short ' clear ¦ sides (boxed), $7@7 12% •
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 24; clover, con
tract grade, $12. ' ,
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 58.500 24,200
Wheat, bushel* . .. 82,000 . 226,100
Corn, bushels... 144,100 49 SOO
Oats, bushels 129.100 166.300
Rye, bushels ' 5,000 1,800
Barley, bushels.... ....... 6,600 88.100
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Kxchanjre and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 MV4
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 83
; New Tork Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver per ounce.... — 68%
Mexican Dollars •- . . 45% @ 46
INTERNATIONAL.
i New York on Paris 5.13%
New York on Mexico 215
Paiis or. London 25. in 1 ,*
•Berlin on London 20.30%'
Wheat and Other Grain*.
WHEAT — Foreign .future* were higher. Chi
cago w,as also higher, chiefly on a. cable which "
reported too much rain— in the Argentine,
¦where the harvest is delayed two weeks by
wet weather. Frost waa reported In the South
west., The bear* hammered the market on
fine reports from the Michigan crop.
The Chicago wires of E. F. Hulton & Co.
said: "Decided strength developed immedi
ately after the opening on reported cables from
Argentine that heavy rains still continue.
This, coupled with buying by large commis
sion' houses.' caused free covering -by shorts,
which carried the market to high prices of
the day. Northwest cash markets were re
ported better, with a much better demand for
cash". Southwestern markets In fair demand.
The market suffers from lack of outside inter
est. Millers the country over are pretty well
stocked with Wheat and Flour, aDd until we
note some improvement in the cash situation
or Flour demand we cannot get very bullish
on Wheat"
In this market the cash grain had an up
ward tendency and was held higher, though
no advance was established. Futures were
active and firm without much change.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45@1 52%; California
White Australian, $1 .V.01 62%; Northern
; Club, $1 45® 1 32%; Northern Bluestem, $1 60
©1 62% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 . to 11:^0 a. m.
Open. Hlnh. Low. Close
December ...$l 47 V4 V 47% $1 4«»4 $1 46%
May 143% -14894 148 '143
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 40% $1 46?4 $1 4fi*4 fl 48*1
May 148 1 4S 147% 1 47Vi
BARLEY — Futures were firmer but quiet.
The cash grain was dull and unchanged.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 0561 1U4; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 15@1 17%; Chevalier, fl 17%@l 22% per
ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. •'
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...fl •«»% fl 09% fl 09% fl 09%
May 1 08% 1 C9% 1 C9% 1 0J%
2 p. m. session.
December — No sales; fl 00% bid, f 1 09% asked
May— No sales; fl C9 bid.
OATS— The market Is steady, with a slight
advance in Washington clipped White, which
are selling up to fl 57%. The other descrip
tions are unchanged.
White. $1 42%®1 67%: Surprise. $1 65®1 60-
Red >for feed. *1 32%©1 45 tor No. 1 and
fl U2%@1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
fl 42%«1 50; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
fl 45$fl 60 for seed.
CORN — Another large line of 26C0 ctls came
in from the West, making 8600 ctls from that
source during the last two days. This West
ern Corn is all ordered ahead and none of It
comes in on consignment. The market ab
sorbs it without delay, as stocks are light
and the demand is active. There is no Cali
fornia coming In, as it is yet too damp for
shilling. - . .
The Government report on Corn U as fol
lows: Corn per acre. 26.7, against 25.5 last
year, with a ten -year average of 23.9.
Western sacked, $1 45(?il M) for Yellow
f 1 45SH 60 for White and fl 45@1 80 for Mixed-
California large Yevlow, fl 45#l 60; small
round do, fl 5&S1 C2%; White, nominal:
Egyptian, fl 33@1 45 for White and fl 25©
1 30 for Brown.
RYE— fl 37%@1 42 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
ctL -
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extra*, ft 80®
6 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, f4 70@6;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in package* are as
follows: Graham Flour, f2 75 per 100 Ibt;
Rye Flour, f3 25: Rye Meal. f3; Rice Flour,
f7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do, f3 60;
Oat Meal. f4: Oat Groats, f4 25; Hominy,
$3 6O-&3 85; Buckwheat Flour, fl 25; Cracked
Wheat, f3 75; Farina. $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50: Rolled Oats, bbls, $6^507 50; In
sacks. »4 23; Pearl Barley. f5; Split Peaa. ¦
boxes, $6 60; Green Peas. f5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstiiffg. r ~Cf" :
Bran and Middlings continue firm and un
changed. Hay Is In moderate receipt and
steady at previous prices.
The circular of Somers & Co. says: I
"Total receipts of Hay show a diminution
of 800 tons from the arrivals of last week,
the records showing but 27C0 tons, as com
pared with 3500 for our last . report. This
sudden lessening was very largely caused be
cause of there being practically no market to
day (election day). The railroads received no
freight and but . one car of Hay was side
tracked. Another reported ahortaga in cars
will probably tend to decrease shipments so
that for the balance of the month we will
probably have no surplus sent In, which should
tend to hold the market rather steady for &
time. '•''• '
"No change In the outlook ' can ¦ be reported,
for although we hear rumors that Oregon and
Washington are short 'of Hay. yet careful In
quiry fails to Rive any material promise of
trade In that direction. 8outhern California
continues to draw from our warehouse stocks,
but the Ban' Francisco market, does not seem
benefited In any way because of It. Local
trad* is quiet and apparently nothing but a
dry weather scare will Influence the trade here
to buy except for their Immediate* seeds.
"To turn up the situation, we would state
that until ' we have some good winter rains
the market should hold fairly: firm, both be-,
cause of the tendency of the farmer* to await
crop development* and the car scarcity, which
may continue for another month or two.
Damaged Hay, which has been arriving so
freely of late, -ha* practically disappeared:
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Bornett'i Extract of Vanilla — Used
exclusively by all leading hotels and clubs. •
Another Carload of Trunks.
valises and dress suitcases Just. arrived
—carload rates save money and you *et
the benefit Lowest prices and best
goods. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market
street. IBkssMKMte'iK ¦•.••.
Eichenberger says he was instruct
ed by President Woolsey to break off
the padlock and yesterday he got a
blacksmith's hammer and did so, ef
fecting an entrance. Just then Po
liceman Hook made his appearance
and placed him under arrest. He says
there are eight automobiles In the
store. He was released on $1000 bonds
It seems that the company had bor
rowed $G00 from E. T. Beck, a client of
Low, and, so it is claimed, turned over
its property to secure , payment. The
padlock was put on the door on Tues
day night. Low notified the policemen
to arrest any one who should attempt
to break the padlock and enter the
store. 'iHKMHB6^->T-'.o'"-'.:" •'•
H. T. Eichenberger, secretary of the
Pacific States Automobile Company.
217 Ellis street, •v/as arrested yester
day afternoon by , Policeman Harry
Hook on complaint of Attorney
Charles A. Low on a charge of burg
lary. Eichenberger purposely com
mitted the offense with the object of
testing the right of Low to. put a pad
lock on the door of the store.
H. T. Elchcnberger Breaks Padlock
Off Door Under Instructions and
Is Placed Under Arrest.
AT7TO COMPANY'S SECRETARY
IS CHARGED WITH BURGLARY
!ast Wednesday on th* way to Dade. Fla.,
»-here they Intend to cultivate «?7,<XK> acres of
land. The colony will raii>e ullk. cotton to
haceo and r'neappl«s and experiment with tea.
CATALOGUES and CAR CARDS— Gabriel
Prl-tiKg Co. print anything. 419 Sacramento. •
; CHARGE MALICE —The La Palma Mining
I rvmpany yesterday sued E. A. Norton for
I $1<XKi damage* for bringing a malicious In
junction • suit to prevent th» sale of stock for
delinquent assessment. The suit was lj TOU 8ht
on July 1 and the application for injunction
denied by Judge Troutt on July 27.
TELLS STORY
OF SHORTAGES
•
Collector Stratton Gives De
tails of the Latest Scandal
ill the Custom - House
My letter giving him opportunity to be
heard before he was removed is simply follow
lr= the civil service rules and has no connec
tion with any pending criminal proceedings. ,
As to Mr. Un«cer"s reduction from position of
chief clerk to that of seizure clerk on July 1.
1003. I can only say that this was by order of
the department upon facts reported by the
BpeelaJ agents. Mr. •Unger's version of this lat
ter affair was submitted In writing, signed by
himself, to the special agents and forwarded
t*> the department.
The experted or complete report conducted
by the Auditor. Mr. Cope, going over every
Item for eighteen months past, since Mr. Un-
Ker had held his present position, consumed
more time than expected. It was, however,
forwarded by me with all dispatch to the de
partment at Washington and upon Its receipt I
was, on November 8, Instructed to prosecute
Mr. Unger criminally and to prefer charges
looking to his removal.
Two days later, on October 21, I laid th«
facts then developed before the United States
District Attorney for his official Information.
He concluded that he would await Instructions
from either the Department of Justice or the
Treasury Department after my experted report
had been forwarded.
On the same day I notified the deDartrrtent
of these facts.
I declined to accept it, but suspended him
forthwith and notified th« department of the
facts and statins that I would have the five
departments of the Custom-house concerned
ejtperted and would subsequently forward a
detailed account.
He made settlement on the same day, and
thereafter, on October 10. tendered his resig
nation as rierk In the customs service.
This defalcation did not occur in the seizure
department, but was money received at the
Custom-house through the malls In payment of
duties on parcels post. My suspicion was
aroused from something I saw about October
10. I at once began an Investigation, which
developed certain irregularities, ending . on
October 17, in ascertainment that $1505 had
been collected by Mr. Unger ajid not paid over,
such collections ranging during the last oix
months.
Collector Stratton says that neither
the Government nor any private indi
vidual has lost one cent by any of the
acts of Unger. When the balance due
the Government from Unger was ascer
tained in October last, he says, the full
amount, $1505, was paid -over and de
posited in the sub-treasury. Continu
ing Collector Stratton says:
Two years ago Unger was reduced in
rank because of an alleged discrepancy
of about $2000. The money was made
good and he was placed in a position
where it was believed he could not pos
sibly appropriate coin belonging to
others. •-¦
Th? criminal prosecution of Cress
Unger, former seizure clerk in the Cus
tom-house, having begun. Collector
Stratton yesterday consented to make
a statement regarding his knowledge
of the alleged irregularities. The case
was begun on instructions from Wash
ington, the Treasury Department or
dering that linger be vigorously prose
cuted.
JXPAVESE FOR FLORIDA.— Fiv* .Tap
aijefe. the advanc* guard of a colony of forty
or fifty families, arrived by the Manchuria.
Something Doing With Wild Ducks
f you ar<> lockine for new duck
grounds, where the best shooting in the
Stati", may be had. take a trip on the
Blumenberg launches from Antioch
ilong Sherman Island. Ask the Santa
f-'p at <U1 Market strppt •
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It Is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful jewelry
store In the world. Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. •
To Visit Sau Francisco
The Coo-ee Club, composed of Aus
tralian residents of this city, met Wed
nesday evening at the residence of
Mrs. Isidore Myers. 1S36 Futter street,
for the purpose of celebrating the an
niversary of the birthday of King Ed
ward VII. An enjoyable programme
vas rendered, which included pn^" - 0
fcrte selections by Misses E. and L.
Mirk: recitation. "An Idyll of the
Period." by Mis? Violet Kohn, song
by M. Michelson and song and piano
forte selection by S. Goldstein. The
r.ext meeting will be held at 1836 Sut-
Ter ftreet November 22 at S p. m. Aus
tralian visitors and residents are
hfartily welcome.
Celebrate Birthday of Kins
Edward F. Xiehaus. lumber dealer,
564 Brannan street, has changed his
mind and yesterday he swore to a war
rant before Police Judge Cabaniss for
the arrest of his missing cashier and
bookkeeper. Gilbert Simpson, on a
charge of felony pmhezzlement. The
amount alleged in the complaint is
$343. of whirh 5200 was returned on
demand. It is said, however, that the
total amount of Simpson's defalcations
will run up into the. thousands. Simp
son had been cashier and bookkeeper
for Xiehaus for eight years. On Oc
tcber 27 he disappeared and has not
hren heard of since. He lived with
his wife and three children at 2433
Sixth street, Berkeley, and his family
and ¦ the Xiehaus family were very
friendly. At first Xiehaus refused to
prosecute Simpson.
Niehaus Clianccs His Mind
James Burke, after vainly trying to
wed slumber upon a bench in Ports
mouth square, hailed Patrolman Nel
son and requested that he be escorted
to the City Prison. "The planks are
softer .there," he facetiously remark
ed, "and although I abhor, sleeping in
an' impure atmosphere I. cannot 'coax
sleep to. visit me upon this couch of
adamant.*! When the'policeman in
formed Judge .Mogan .. that Mr. Burke
was a chronic : vagrant, albeit a man
of fine intellectual attainments,, a
twenty-four hour sentence was im
posed. . . •
Harry Hughes, who responded to a
judicial interrogation by proclaiming
himself a "hotel bellhop from Spring
field, Illinois," had a skeleton key in
his possession when he was caught in
the act of exploring Mr. Monaghan's
apartment at 681 Howard street. To
the'policeman who arrested him Master
Hughes explained that, he had entered
the room by mistake while he was
seeking a friend of his by the name of
Jack Robinson, j The same policeman
told Judge Mogan that the defendant
was one. of. a trio of boys who made
a specialty of entering rooms in board
ing houses by means of skeleton keys
and stealing valuables therefrom. So
the youth from Illinois was remanded
for. further investigation.
William Dorsey, who was charged
with having forgotten to restore to
Gildea Bros., clothiers, a -ack contain
ing $600, which he found In their store
on Market street when he was assist
ing them to remove their stock and
fixtures, Informed Judge Cabaniss that
he never had the remotest intention of
adhering to the treasure. After finding
it he had deposited it In a saloon, his
purpose being to Inform its owners of
its whereabouts, but he took a few
drinks and then lost all remembrance
of the incident. Having recovered their
money the complainants were reluctant
to prosecute and Judge Cabaniss dis
missed the man of defective memory.
The Judge hinted that he might com
pel Mr. Grassel to do something even
more disagreeable than contributing to
the maintenance of his offspring. Sen
tence reserved till to-day.
"I ain't fknockln,' I tell you. All I
want the Judge to do is to make you
take care of this baby. It's as much
yours as mine, ain't it?"
"Gert, if that ain't knockin', what
is It?" said the man, in a tone that was
a wail.
"Knock nothin'," was the rejoinder.
"If I wanted to knock you I could tell
the Judge about the way you coaxed
me to be a bad woman and support
you when we were in Sacramento. But
I ain't knockin'."
"George is a sign painter and could
earn good wages if he would work,"
she informed Judge Mogan, "but when
he's ..not loafing in a poker room at 316
Grant avenue he's spejidlng his time
with his first or second wife, and the
baby and I may starve if we must de
pend upon him."
"Gertie, you know that ain't so," the
defendant protested, in sorrowful tone.
"You are trying to knock me, Gert;
you know you are."
Mrs. Gertrude Grassel accused her
husband, George, of neglecting to pro
vide for their elght-months-old babe,
and '.incidentally alleged that he de
voted less, attention to her than he di
vided between two "former helpmeets,
who had divorced him.
J..B. Keesler, who was en route from
a village in Georgia to Gait. Cal.. when
his watch was stolen, produced docu
mentary, evidence to support his alle
gation that Patrick J. Silk, teamster,
was the thief. His pockets were tight
ly packed with papers. Asked to state
his name, he nshed out a book with
his cognomen stamped in gilt letters
on its covfjr, and also submitted a visit-
Ing card similarly inscribed. When his
proprietorship of the watch was ques
tioned he silently thrust forward a
bill of sale to show that he paid the
sum of $2 50 for the timepiece Just be
fore he departed from sunny Georgia.
When the attorney for the defense in
quired as to the complainant's present
residence, the deBlred enlightenment
was tendered in the form of a receipt
for one week's rent of a room at 127
Natoma street. Then the lawyer asked
the complainant's age, and ere the an
swer could be furnished in the shape
of a birth certificate bound with red
tape Judge Cabaniss dismissed the
charge as not proven. Clerk "Barney"
Conlan, although immersed to his ears
in work, could not resist Mr. Keesler's
request that he j be furnished with a
properly indorsed * certificate of the
Judge's order of dismissal.
But the disorderly conduct of the de
fendants could not be gainsaid, and
they were fined $5 apiece.
Andrew Craig and Antonio Acuna,
shipmates, were charged with disturb
ing the peace of a saloon at Vallejo
and Dupont streets. The complaining
witness was the bartender' of the es
tablishment, whose testimony was that
the two mariners played pool, but did
not purchase drinks sufficient to offset
the wear and tear of the table and
cues, and when he endeavored to pre
cipitate their consumption of liquids,
they "made rough house."
"Thot mon kens mair thon he's
cracked tae yae," quoth Mr. Craig to
Judge Mogan. "Antonio an' mysel did
play wuth th 1 cues an' ba's, an* we
drankit beer ee'n time a game wur
feenished. But wae didna mak' human
tanks o' oorsels, an' thot's th' reeson
this Dotmon felt sair. He emptied oot
oor glassies an' filled 'em fu' again
wi'oot oor authority an' askit us tae
pay for leequor wae didna dreenk."
Every word of which was cor
roborated by Seaman Acuna, with the
addendum that besides trying to force
the sale of beer, the bartender obtrud
ed advice as to how certain shots
should be made.
"Wen Oi punched a 'ball ta stab
,board," Mr. Acuna averred, "this
bloomin barman, chips in an' sals Oi
oughter punched! it 'ard a port. An"
once Oi caught 'im in th' hact o* rol
lin' a ball inter a pocket so as ter
'urry up th' game an' sell more beer.
Blimme if Oi never saw a bloke push
trade as 'e did."
"If I were young and pretty," she
bitterly complained, "it's love he would
have made to me Instead of running
me in."
Skelly, who certainly, is not an Ado
nis, hotly resented the imputation, and
as the woman is an old offender the
Judge sentenced her. to six months'
imprisonment.
• • • , .
Mrs. Bridget McCarthy was disor
derly, at Fourth and Howard streets
wheri Patrolman Skelly arrested her,
and before Judge Fritz she endeavored
to convict that active peace guardian
of exercising gross discrimination in
his treatment of the sex.
prived them of opportunity to ascend
the witness stand and let the world
know what they thought of her.
Mrs. Curry and Mrs. Regan are neigh
bors, and. Mrs. Curry complained that
Mrs. Regan had assaulted a young
daughter of the . complainant. Mrs.
Regan alleged that Mrs. Curry bat
tered some other little girl ere her own
child was battered, and In court were
several ladies ready to corroborate
Mrs. Regan's allegation. They were
accompanied by children, either carried
in arms or toddling, and their congrat
ulations to Mrs. Regan on her acquit
tal were not unmixed with regrets that
Mrs. Curry's, summary action had de-
The case had been on Police Judge
Conlan's calendar since September 23
and was scheduled for a continued
hearing yesterday. Judge Conlan was
absent, however, and Judge Cabaniss
took up his docket. As he had not
heard the preceding testimony he pro
posed a further continuance, but Mrs.
Curry insisted that he go ahead and
dispose of. the matter there and then.
Mrs. Regan objected and it was her
objection that provoked Mrs. Curry's
confession of know-nothlngism. After
the. withdrawal of Mrs. Curry the case
was dismissed.
"Judge Conlan is an Irish gentleman,
and if he doesn't try this case no other
Judge will," retorted Mrs. Regan.
"Then there will be no trial," ex
claimed Mrs. Curry, and forthwith she
swept out of court.
Rather than have her contention
with Mrs. Annie Regan adjudicated by
a magistrate of direct Hibernian de
scent Mrs. E. L.. Curry of 811 Mission
street haughtily withdrew her. com
plaint of battery.
"I want no. Irish Judge in mine," de
clared Mrs. Curry. "Judge Cabaniss is
a straight American and he's good
enough for me."
BY J. C. CRAWFORD.
ifeighborhood Quarrel Jfcas finish
Woman Shows Know-Nothing' Spirit
PREFERS AMERICAN JUDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1904.
16
HAPPY MOTHER'S
TOUGHING STORY
Of Baby's Dreadful Suffer-
ing from Eczema.
CURSD BY CUTICURA,
Now His Skin Is as White
as a Snow Flake.
11 A terrible rash broke out on Char-
lie's poor little face .and spread to his
oeck, chest and back. I had never seen
anything quite like it before," writes
Mrs. Helena Rath of 821 10th Ave., N. Y.
City. "-The skin rose In little lumps,
/g^^. and matter came
f iTj ont. My baby's skin
m Li. was hot, and how
j^s^^^y, he did suffer. He
5^^^]!»^Z__ wouldn't eat, afcd
Qu^' lw§jfF nlgbt after nI^ ht l
J\ itx walked the floor
W 11 V /C^Twith him, weak as I
K^ \ / /^ / was. Often I had
I to 8t °P because I
e^""^ -felt faint and my
back throbbed with pain. But the worst
pain of all was to see my poor little
boy burning with those nasty sores..
At last I was persuaded by a friend
across the street to try the Cuticura
Remedies. She gave me some Cuticura
Ointment— I think the box was about
half fall — and a piece of Cuticura Soap.
I followed the directions, bathing
Charlie and putting that nice Ointment
on the sores. Little by little, but so
surely, Charlie and I both got more
peace by day and more sleep by night.
The sores sort of dried up and went
away, and now Charlie is cored com-
pletely."
" Yes, that fat little boy by the win-
dow is Charlie, and his skin is as white
as a snow flake, thanks to the Cuticura
Remedies. I think everybody should
know about the Soap and Ointment,
and if It is going to help other mothers
with sick babies, go ahead and publish
what I have told you."
8el<! throughout th» world. Cnticun Betolreot. S0«.
(In form of ChocoUte Co»t»d Pill«. 2Sc per Tl«l of 60),
Ointment. We., So«p, !5e. DepoUi London. 17 Ch«rtei»
hooM Sq. ; l'trii, 4 Hue de It lVm Hcwton. 137 Columbia
Are. Potter Drur * Ch«m. Corp.. Sole Prept.
wr Bend tor " All About the Skia. Scalp and Btii."
10c PACKS SBEDEP RAISINS, Be.
Cleaned Currants, 3 pounds 25o
Begt qualify Zante currants. In pkjs. or bulk.
CRYSTALLIZED CITRON. LB. 14c.
Plum Pudding 1 , all brands 19o
Full pound size. Ready to serve; usually 23c.
10c CAN NEW TABLE PLUMS. 6c.
Xona Coffea, 2 pounds. .35o
Best eoTttft grown In Hawaiian Islands.
.- Usually 25c.
BEST NEW APRICOTS. 2 LBS. 25c.
Eastern Hams, all brands, per lb. . .12V£o
Sugar-cured, selected. Friday and Saturday
Night.
*BEST CONDENSED MILK, 3 CAN'S 25c.
ror Goqa Pies — Mrs. Faber's Home-made
Mlnoe Meat, 2 pounds .25c
You may see where It Is madft and what It'
Is made of.
35c BOT. BOILED CIDER. 25c.
Benzellne' Soap, 6 large cakes 25o
Double the value of Fels Naptha. Box, 100
bars. $3 06. "
Be BOX PARLOR MATCHES. 2 FOR 8cT~
Eel River Valley Butter, square. . .. .33o
Regular size; sample at store; 5 limit.
BEST STORE EGGS, . DOZ. 27#c.
Fragrant Teas, "New." pound 38o
, Uncolored Japan.- English Breakfast. Oolongr,
Ceylon or Mixed. Tea store price. 60c.
90c~WHISKY. QT. BOTTLE 65c.
Souvenir Claret, 4 years, gal. .38o
Rar« type .exceptionally bright wine. Usu-
ally 60c. -
WATER WHITE COMB HONET. 15c.
Port or Sherry, "Eisen," gallon. . ....880
Rich in tonic value. Taste at store. Usu-
ally $1 15. . ,
"WHITE OR BLACK FIGS, LB. 25c.
New England Walnuts, jumbo size. lb.lSc
Sold 15,000 pounds last season, \ same quality.
FANCY, TABLE PEACHES. 3-LB. CAN, 10c.
1001 FiUmorc St 119 Taylor SL
> Park 183 J Phone 1 . Howard 1031. • ,
CJ| \f JH^ a^. C^ &^l H /^^i®tt>rts^
For Young 'Men « I -M
and Juveniles . V^^^^^m
Our Juvenile Department saves many dollars annually to >5j -
parents v,-ho have boys to clothe. The price pleases the &iW~.
mother's purse as much as the garment delights the pW£ : Mr?\$
youngsters. $£^}^\ '' I^fi
Young Men's Overcoats mi |M
Ankic lengths, in gray, blue and black; ages rt% tm C 0:^&£$ : !r?;£$$m
14 years to 20 years vfi £ »Jv §^$^?MvM :ft®'?||B*
Brown's Buster Overcoats 118111 IliS
In Oxford gray and blue; ages 2^/7. years to {? O^
Our Boys 5 Department
Contains an exceedingly well chosen stock, awaiting your in-
spection- Forceful, fascinating values, every one. wm^ mm a^ K^ m —
Open Saturday Night Till 10. , —^~^v
MILL TO MAN V«^/
5I6-5I8:MAl»(ETST. M o b^ M E B Y (S)
.^|g|§L MAGMNS RELIABLE WEAR. M&^
<J\j|& Sale of
ftsEy? Giris? Lon^ c ° ats
ll of fine quality of all-wool
Jrs' IJV^[ -^, cneviot i circular fitted cape, plaited
/III ¦ S^ f ron t and back; collar, cuffs, cape
fW//!j. and belt trimmed • with black braid
V R r \ ' n I a 'd with cloth of contrasting
\j(j I f^jade; colorings brown, red and
/ * J*3bT ' navv J sizes 8 to 1 5 years (see illustra-
fi ,|Qs< tion). For Friday and $£Q grf\
hi i|T\\ Saturday only xJ>i/»OU
05 VjS^ AIso a great variet y of coats for
j »=Yg| g^ % children from 1 to 16 years; made of
BT JrT^ ser ? e » cheviot, tweed and Melton;
J* Jp§& ranging in price nccordinu to siz<"s
/jj^"^«a and materials Jj>4.oO, i?5.r,j>
.' ' and upward.
,.— ,j <f * s ». liiflc' Uriff
jPS|plp^% x Misses' Hats
'^^S^^W&'^'^^^&ji^ other sha Pes; the new-
cst designs; colorings,
red, navy, black, cas-
tor and Oxford; some trimmed with chenille and feather
pompons, and ¦ others -with rosettes and ruches of ribbon;
suitable for girls from 6 to 16 years. Former Qr% g»r\
values $3.50, $4.50, ?5,5O— REDUCED TO fyd.DX)
Special Sale of Ladies' Sacques
Kimono style; made of good quality flannelette;^/--
trimmed with fancy braid — SALE PRICE '•.... /I)G
- 918-922 Market St. No Branch Stores
I I '&&&»¦ KWaiLookJost I
f WWW As Stunning «
I m&r-l On That Little f
I Cha P of Yours I
I MshzL As It Does on I
is /crS'^-v£ 'tt'"-* \ • "% Ti' X 1 »
*' i^KW®l|l- Wearing It* |
\ ¦ That 1IttIe swa ss cr f
at lli^%^l*^ '&< y^Sfc . 'v v • Overcoat is a swell af- »
jj £& : 'i$f';t-i '/*'&¦} a "' * n 4^ e new sna de ju
I j^^WS^W Chocolate f
f/jS3^\IIi^"«B -^^-^l-l'M • It is a coat you would
' ¦ : ""v'^"^''l.'\ never hesitate to pay
••: i .i^«£/£: ¦;:••' ••'^\feJ--" >: tween the ages of 3 and §»
*^ iSsjS " Sif*^ years, which we are il
11 |p?^ nisN^ FToinjr to have on ?a!c *£
£?tff $%£% to-day and Saturday at U
!§§! .fTtaff.! At Raphael's of |
: course. j*
ItPos- I ~zr — 1 I
g 1\/O»V V OSS) f%SJBS^ i ' q
5 a
I $03^ Browns I
O ThcCraze C
m \-*sir We simpiy have §
6 &&M^^^^^^m as we are the only
2 I'' i -fe^^^S fill ones showin S the S
% ty^-t^^i-^ ;^^^ :^^^ correct and absolute »
§t BROWN fnr Youn2 '
S years, as our picture j|
i f / •'¦5jrsll < -' : |^^ are buiIt swa£ 2er §
\ t ; l : l'j'$'3ji$'.'':\ lllijii an^ have all the $
i ''0'k**l§ fi*'M '11111 at youns fe'lows w
i\£^^ Cb*»go At» Raphael's of M
— : — ' course. S
At the Home of Good Boys' Clothes \