PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE THEATSS&
ALCAZAR — •"Drosa Wayne,**
CALrFORJOA— H»vertr'« Mfetstrel*
CEINTTlAXr— "The "Worst Woman la
, Lonflen."
COlxniBlA— -GKtterlD» GlorU.**
CHUTE3— -VaadevIIle. '. .
GRAXT>j-"Pretty.PeggT."* "
MAJESTIC— "Hamlet."
ORPHE UM— Vanderffle.
T1VOLI— ' The Messenger Boy."
Matinees at all theaters to-dar.
New York Jurist Is Shown to Be Guilty
Of Conducting a Campaign of Falsehood
Carnegie Is Unanimously Re-elected.
EDINBURGH. Nov. 4.—Andrew
Carnegie has been . unanimously re
elected! lord rector of St. Andrew's
University. The announcement was
rt-cerved with load, applause and the
ringing ef "He's a Jolly Good Fellow."
Tit ton - SnfffTB to the i Extent • of -.Two
Hundred ' and - Fifty ¦ Thou
sand : Dollars. -
. , MACON, ' Ga., N0V4 4.— -Fire , swept
Tlf tori, . Gag to-day, destroying • several
business" h"ouses T and' wiusing* a** loss -of
5250,000. SBB . ; \"r'"S '¦
NEW; YORK, Nov.: 4.— Elihu . Root
made' an; impassioned defense"; of Presl-J
dent : Roosevelt and ) George B. Cortel
you-atja meeting in Durland's* Riding
Academy to-night. Seldom has'a poli
tical 1 audience in ; this city 'witnessed a
scene i'. equal to ;ithat j ' ; wWch ! Jfollqwed.the
'closing " f - sentence of i his: speech, when
be said: :
"Let the people ' decide between the j
two . candidates, our President on the {
one hand and this slanderer by;infer
ence, as to who has been guilty of
making a compromise with'/decency."
Mr/ Root : strode to and 'fro upon ; the
platfonn, throwing into his words; ah
the force, ¦'-. bitterness ;' and . sarcasm at
bis command.- Again and again ha-
brought his audience to its feet with
cheers and applause. But it was when
he took up the charges against - Cor
telyou and shouted, "Who. who, I say.
was the choice of the great corporate
interests of the East for the Demo
cratic nominee for ' President? Alton
B. Parker," that the <applauM was
...,.„.> EBStSl?£?''l3«.%j*p--
ROOT SPEAKS IN NEW YORK CITY
Natives Go to Watery Grave as the
Result of a /Collision
' • -' '¦ at Seal '- '•¦• ' ¦"-
BONA. Algeria, Nov. 4.— A hundred
persons were drowned last .night iby
the' sinking of ) the . French/ steamship
Geronde,^ which was in : collision \ with
the; French steamship Schiafflno ; near
Herbilion, twenty-three ,^;"mlles - from
BonaviiThe Geronde,lleft^BonaAWitli
110 passengers/ of whom'' 100^'were
Algerian* natives. * , " / I 7 ' /
ONE HUNDRED DROWNED . •
OFF COAST OF ALGERIA
Sudden ¦•; End Put '%¦ to ; > Demonstration
of Thousands ¦ Against / the ':
Jlobilizatlo'n.^ ;
-BRESLAU, Prussian Silesia, Nov. 4.
Tliree :;; ' thousand Poles marched
through -the -streets of Czestbchowai 1
Russlah\Polandr on Wednesday as ; a
'protest^against * the ; mobilization^ . ? The
Chief 'of PolIce^andV gendarmes ordered
the ; paraders to; disperse^ but they : re
fusedtto doTso 'and "continued Ito sing
Polish songs. y'yA';detachnieritL of -jinr
funtry; ; the^; charged^the^mob^i \^th
bayonets, "^'ithlthe [resultjthat six per-,
sons i -jwere killed Vs andtt twenty ,'j .were
bounded." '"' , " " . '¦.. ' -....-
RUSSIAN: TROOPS ' CHARGE
..¦•¦>'. UPOX POLES, KILLING SIX
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONROE, I° w ,a, \ Nov. 4.— Mrs.
Martha Shellady, aged 90 years, com
mitted suicide this afternoon '.. by hang-
Ing herself with a wide Jsllk" ribbon.
Mrs. Shellady had outlived her. entire
family, and had been blind for years.
Usually cheerful, for some time / past
she has had a fit of the blues, declar
ing that she. had lived long enough and
that It was time to die."pTo : day,the old
lady had > suffered from the ; blues imor^
than, ever and shortly after dinner
went to" her.' room. A» hour later V she
was found dead, hanging by a wide silk
ribbon to a hook in the wall.
Aged Woman in Iowa Hangs
Herself From a Hook in
Her Room With a Ribbon
Special : Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW "YORK, Nov.- 4.— Another echo
of the financial . difficulties of " the
Countess of Castellane resounded to
day in the. United States Circuit Court
when -Judge Lacombe signed an order
authorizing George J. Gould and Helen
Miller Gould to act j as receivers of the
Income of their sister, Anna, to pay cer
tain lawyers an annual sum for attend
ing to' the legal affairs of the Countess!
Judge" Lacombe' ordered that John I F.
Dillon be paid $1500 ( per annum, Coudert
Bros/ of /New York $3000 : per year; and
Coudert I Freres -of: Paris $3500* per yearl
Charles ; AY, Gardiner; of New/ York -will
receive" a yearly . payment of $1000. ;;
x , The receivers asked the court . to au£
thorize, the payment to commence Feb
ruary/ 7," 1901," to I reimburse . the lawyers
for the time ; spent:ln/ straightening out
the Countess'.' affairs. : '''¦'};'/;
AT NINETY SHE
TIRES OF LIFE
George J. and Helen to Act
as Receivers of Income
of We of Castellane
GOULDS HANDLE
COUNTESS' COIN
Department of Commerce -Is
to Look' Into Car Shortage
in the Pacific Northwest
TRAGEDY
FOLLOWS
REVIVAL
TOWN" IX GEORGIA s SWEPT
BYvA DISASTROUS 'i FIRE
. MODESTO, Nov. 4.— That Mrs. James
Bonnett killed her husband,' who was
found dead In bed last "Wednesday
morning. As now believed by the offi
cers here.
James Bonnett and. his wife lived on
a ranch near Turlock.. They returned
from evangelistic services Tuesday
night. During " the - night they /were
heard singing and praying with fervor.
In' the mornJng Bonnett- was found dead
in bed and his wife ia~ raving c'maniac.
She raves continually,^ saying that she
killed her husband -because ; God 'or
dained It-
Marks on Bonnett's face show vio
lence. His nose'is bitten -^through. Mrs.
Bonnett's hands 'show. marks of human
teeth. Her hearing Is to" be held Satur
day.' - . "'•/}; 7\J: „* ¦ ' 7 . '
Woman in Religious
• Frenzy Slays
Husband.
Fp"-c-!«l XHrpfetcb to Tb« Call.
TACOMA. Nov. 4.— The Department
of Commerce and Labor has promised
to investigate the car shortage in the
Northwest, and circulars have been dis
tributed by O. P. Austin, Chief of the
Bureau of Interstate Commerce and
Labor at Washington, to commercial
organizations in Portland, Tacdma and
other Northwestern cities. In these
circulars it is inferred that the depart
ment Intends to look into the question
thoroughly and then take such steps as
are necessary to remedy the situation.
The lumbermen claim that the rail
roads are not making adequate prepa
rations for handling the increasing
traffic resulting from the lumber, wheat
and fruit industries. They point out
that the shipment East of part of the
wheat crop will require more cars than
usual, leaving, fewer in consequence
for lumber, despite the fact that the
lumber interests are already Buffering
from car shortage.
It is declared that the lumber indus
try is furnishing one- third of the gross
earnings of the Northern Pacific. Great
Northern and the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation railroads, but that these
roads have done nothing toward in
creasing their car equipment except
to r/archase £50 box cars.
The appeal of the lumbermen states
that the 850 cars are supposed to take
care, of 10.090 carloads «f wheat to be
moved to the East and the increase of
800 carloads of lumber and shingles
over last year's shipments, not to men
tion the natural increase in business
incidental to the growth of the Pacific
Northwest.
DIVORCED WIFE OF SAXONY'S
KING. WHO WISHES TO RETURN
' TO HTM.
BDREAE WILL
INVESTIGATE
*' ¦ •*•
FLORENCE, Italy. Nov. 4.— Former
Crown Princess Louise, the divorced
wife of the present King of Saxony,
whose elopement with the French tu
tor, M. Giron, caused a world wide
scandal some time ago, has arrived }
here, desiring, it is said.' to be nearer 1
Rome, in order to facilitate the nego- j
tiations with the Vatican Intended to I
bring about a reconciliation with the ]
King- This is held to be more prob
able now, owing to the death of the
late King George, who was implacable.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. ; 4.—Broken
hearted, disappointed, their minds be
wildered as to what course to pursue,
four joung women in high social circles
in four cities are in tears because of
the actions of dashing and handsome
Edward H. Lane of New York, brother
of Dr. Thomas Lane, surgeon at Belle
vue Hospital, in marrying all four in
less than four weeks.
Lanedid It, he -said,' because they
were. 'so "fetching" and because he
might want to,write a novel sometime,
and '^ this.- would -/furnish- a- good, plot.
Lane first showed up* in Cincinnati on
a visit to; relatives,. in that place. ,' He
wooed and In two day's won and mar
ried Miss Minnie Veihling of that city.
He then came to Indianapolis, where
he met Mrs. Minnie Wilson, a dashing
young woman. He wrote to wife No. 1
at Cincinnati that he was detained here
on business. The business was his mar
riage to Mrs. Wilson. He spent two days
with her, showered gifts on her, left her
money and said he had to go to Marion,
Ind. -r s '5r;-- '-':¦'¦ -:; v -
There he met Mrs. Lula Young Brush
wieler, a divorced young woman of 22
years, of striking beauty- He wooed
and won her, wrote wives Nos. 1 and 2
that he was detained In Marion ,on
business and married again after an
elopement last Tuesday. "oV"
| On went the gay Lothario to Logans
port, Ind., where to-day he was mar
ried for the fourth time. The ceremony
was scarcely over when wives Nos. 2
and 3 arrived. No. 2 had gone to Marion
to look up Lane, and No. 3 had been
turned out of her mother's home. She
went to Logansport and had Lane ar
rested, charged with bigamy. He told
his own story, saying:
"Those deaf girls were so . fetching
that I couldn't resist. I made love, of
course, but they accepted my protesta
tions and two of the whole number
actually proposed marriage themselves
rather than have me go away without
them. I had to be game. . I know this is
a serious lark and my folks in New
York will be awfully shocked, but they
can get me out of it."
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 4.— -To sing in
the choir at the funeral of the man -he
was at first suspected of jnurderirig
was the unique experience of. Dr. G.R.
Koch of New Ulm, Minn.
On last Thursday night Dr.'Gebhardt,
a deutipt, was slain : in his: office. The
murclorer beat hlm" t 'to deathwlth a
hammer and stabbed him twenty times.
Asa H. Brooks, a 'newspaper ' man,
whose office is underneath tha,t > of -the
dentist, heard an unusual" noise; above
and tried t to • enteH tbe^"dl>ctor*s •¦ room,
but it was" lbcked.I.*HeI then ••climbed
up to the transom/and there "saw the
murderer finishings his victim.- Brooks
ran down- to the street and gave the
alarm. 4
In the meantime the murderer es
caped! 'Robbery was not the motive,
for Dr. Gebhardt'a safe was open and a
large sum oj money untouched.^Neither
was the money on his person- or his
watch taken. When an investigation
was begun a handkerchief bearing the
initials 'G. R. K. was found saturated
with blood. Witnesses asserted that
they had seen Dr. Koch passing into
Dr. Gebhardt's office five minutes before
the murder is said to have been com
mitted. On the strength of this he was
put through a rigid examination and
satisfied his inquisitors by proving an
alibi. When the funeral of his busi
ness rival occurred to-day Dr. Koch
sang !n the choir. .
Dr. Koch is 24 years old and has
been practicing /dentistry, here for
about one year. The mystery surround
ing the death of Gebhardt remains un
solved, as Brooks has failed to identify
the murderer. -
Snecial Dispatch to The Call
Special Dispatch, to The Call
Excuses Antics in Ohio and Indiana
by Saying Girls Were.So Fetch
ing He Couldn't Resist
Identity of the Person Who Took the
Life of Dr. Gebhart Remains ¦;
Unfixed:
Edward H. Lane Goes Out
for a Lark and Preys
on Young Women,
St. Paul Dentist Is Able to
Establish AliW When
Questioned.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— President Roosevelt to-night made the following signed state
ment to 'the American people in answer to the charges made against himself and Mr. Cortelyou in
public speeches by Mr. Parker, Democratic candidate for the Presidency:
"White House, Washington. Nor. 4.
"Certain slanderous accusations as to Mr. Cortelyou and myself have been repeated time and
again by Judge Parker, the candidate of his party for the office of President. He neither has pro
duced nor can produce any proof of the truth of the charges, yet he lias "not withdrawn them, and
as his position 'gives., them wide currency I speak now lest the silence of self-respect be misunder
stood. Mr. Parker's charges are, in effect, that the President of the United States and Mr. Cortel-
you, formerly Mr. Cleveland's executive clerk, then Mr. 'McKinleys and my secretary, then Sec
retary of Commerce and Labor and- now chairman of the Republican National Committee, have
been in a conspiracy to blackmail the corporations, Mr. Cortelyou using his knowledge gained
while he was Secretary of the Department of Commerce and Labor to extort money from the
corporations, and I, the President, having appointed him for this special purpose. The gravamen of
these charges lies in the. assertion that the corporations have been blackmailed into contribut
ing.and in the implication, which in one or two of Mr. Parker's speeches has taken the form prac
tically of an assertion., that they have been promised certain immunities or favors, or have been as
sured that they would receive some kind of improper consideration in view of their contributions.
"That contributions have been made to the Republican committee, as contributions have
been made to the Democratic committee, is not the question at issue.
NOT A PARTICLE OF TRUTH IN PARKER'S STATEMENT.
- "Mr. Parkers assertion is, in effect, that such contributions have been made for improoer
motives; either in consequence of threats or in consequence pf improper promises, direct or indi
rection the part of recipients". .Mr. Parker knenys best whether this is true 'of the contributions
to "his campaign '-'fund*- Which, have come" through his trusted friends and advisers, who represent the
great corporate interests that 'stand behind him. But there is not the particle of truth in the state
ment as regards anything that has gone on in the management of the Republican campaign. Mr.
Parker's accusations against Mr. Cortelyou and "myself are monstrous* If true they would brand
both of us forever with infamy, and for inasmuch. as they are false, heavy must be the condemna
tion of the man making them. \
"I chose Mr. Cortelyou as* chairman of the national committee after having failed successive
ly to persuade Elihu Root, W. Murray Crane and ¦.Cornelius ' N: Bliss to accept the position. I chose
him with extreme reluctance, because I could ill spare him from the Cabinet. But I felt that he
possessed the high integrity which I demanded in the man who was to manage my campaign. I am
content that Mr. Parker or I should be judged by the public on the characters of the two men whom
we chose to manage our campaigns — he by the character of his nominee, Thomas Taggart, and I
by the character of Mr. Cortelyou.
PAliKER GUILTY OF MOXSTKOU S FALSEHOODS;
"The assertion that Mr. Cortelyou had any knowledge gained : while in any official position
whereby he was enabled to secure and did secure any contributions from any corporation is a false^.
hood. The assertion that there has been any blackmail, direct or indirect, by Mr. Cortelyou or by
me is a falsehood. The assertion that there has been made in behalf of and by authorization of Mr.
Cortelyou or by any one else, any pledge or promise, or that there has been any understanding
as to future, immunities or benefits in recognition of any contribution from any source, is a wick
ed falsehood.
"That Mr. Parker should desire to avoid the discussion of principles I can well understand,
for it is but the bare truth to say that he has not attacked us on any matter of principle or upon
any action of the Government save after first misstating that principle or that action. But I cannot
understand how any honorable man, a candidate for the highest office in the gift of the people, can
take refuge not merely in personalities, but irr such, base and unworthy personalities.
ASKS ALl* HONEST MEN TO COMPARE ADMINISTRATIONS.
"If I deemed it necessary to support my flat denial by any evidence I would ask all men of
common se/ise to ponder well what has been done in this campaign by Mr. Cortelyou and to com
'pare it with what Mr. Parker himself did when he was managing Mr. Hill's campaign for Governor,
and to compare what has been done as regards the great corporations and money interests in this ad
ministration with what was done under tHe last Democratic administration while Mr. Olney was At
torney General; I would ask all honest men whether they seriously deem it possible that the course
this administration has taken in. every matter, from the Northern Securities suit to the settlement of
the anthracite coal strike, is compatible with any theory of public behavior save the theory of doing
exact justice to all men without fear and without favoritism; I would ask all honest and fair-minded
men to remember that the agents through whom I have worked 'are Mr. Knox and Mr. Moody in
the Department of Justice, Mr. Cortelyou in the Department of Commerce and Labor and Mr. Gar
field in the Bureau of Corporations, and that no such act of infamy as Mr. Parker charges could
have been done without all these men being parties to it.
"The statements. made by Mr. Parker are unqualifiedly and atrociously- false. As Mr. Cor
telyou has said to me more than once during this campaign, if elected I shall go into the Presidency
unhampered by any pledge, promise or understanding of any kind, save my promise.made openly to
the American people that; so far as in my power lies, I shall see to it that every man rias a square
deal; no less and no more. -v ,v "THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
Gay New Yorker Has
J ; Quartet of Sad
Dpi (\ AO
Dlilluo.
In Choir at Burial
of Murderett
Rival
Louise of Saxony Will
Appeal to the Vatican
SUSPECTED
MAN SINGS
AT FUNERAL
WEDS FOUR
TIMES IN
ONE MONTH
PRINCESS WOULD RETURN TO
HER HUSBAND, NOW A KING.
SLANDEROUS ACCUSATIONS
EVOKE A SCATHING REPLY
"77»e statements made by Mr. Parker are unqualifiedly and atrociously false"— President Roosevelt
ROOSEVELT SCORES IN SIGNED STATEMENT TO AMERICAN PEOPLE, HIS DEMOCRATIC OPPONENT, ALTON B. PARKER
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 15S.
TEE TV.EA.THER.
Fcrecart xsads at San TtuxctKO for
thirty bourn mti*ri<yfr»_ Norca
fctr S:
Saa Dmr.riitao and Ttdrlty — dtmdr
-A- C UrAaiEl. District Floreoaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. SATURDAY^^NOVEMBER 5, 1904:
The San Francisco CallGentlemen : 1 We. * the undersigned," members
of Engine Company No. -4, 2 hereby forward you
a communication relative to an ¦ article '¦ that
appeared in the columns of the San Francisco
Chronicle and the Evening . Bulletin • of Novem
ber '3; 1904, In- which' we -are classified as bal
lot-box sturtera. We feel somewhat hurt at
being. called stutters, after our registering : from
where , we rightfully, belong, 676 Howard street,"
. the 1 number ¦; of.: our 1 company * quarters,'; which
number Is in plain view of any passer-by. We
remain very respectfully,' Michael:Boden,.cap
tain;- Thomas Hennessy, hoseman; Timothy J.
Cashin. hoseman; Ed O'Neill, ¦driver; , Francis
H. Kenny.*; foreman. - > : ;
" The articles referred "to in 1 the fore
going letter, asserted' that .there' was no
such ¦number ¦ as£676 : Howard street
and also; mentioned two ¦ other firemen,"'
one of "whom has been dropped ; from
t the., department; and the. other;'tra"ns
ferred; „ . :£ V ? ; L : V : .^ 5 : ;.:I.'L^ : '. a 7-V?J?.*--"a^-J
L vt>»;»; ; tt i r- a . .Commissioners .: ordered
The members of the Sah : Francisco
Fire Department connected; with En
gine Company No. 4, in : a letter to the
Board of Fire Commissioners, /resent
the assertion of the Merchants' Asso
ciation that they are ballot box stuf
fers,;and.have addressed . the follow
ing letter to the board:
. SAN FRANCISCO,*^ November 4, 1904 '•-
Honorable Board of Fire Commissioners and
Chief .Engineer— "•:,-.: •-;; '¦¦.'¦;. >v. . > - - ¦ .*:
Charge, of Illegal Registration Is De
nied by Engine Company Xor* 4.
LETTER TO FIRE COMMISSION.
NEW , YORK, Nov. 4. — Former
Judge Parker's active campaign will
close to-morrow night, when he will
meet the Demdcrats of Brooklyn at a
reception to be held In' the Kings
County Democratic Club. His speak
ing programme is already at an end.
He has no plans for further addresses
and it is not likely that he will par
ticipate in any more political meetings.
Upon his return from Connecticut to
day; he went to his room at the Hotel
Sc-ville, attended to his correspondence
and received a few callers. . :
Immediately after luncheon he took
a walk with John D. Crimmins, made
a special call and took an automobile
ride in Central Park. In the evening
ho dined informally with a friend. ¦
• -Judge Parker expects : to return to
Efopus" Sunday morning and remain
there until after the election- . ¦ . .
Judge Parker Returns From His
Tour Through Connecticut.
;* NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— In a speech
a day ; or -two ago Governor Odell de
clared that Parker as Judge had i re
viewed cases; affecting corporations in
which > the /Judge; held stock. ;\The
Democrats immediately made a denial
that Parker ever owned any trust
stock. Governor Odell said to-day :'•¦
"I know that ; Judge • Parker "V has
; $ 5 0 0 0 -worth of .United ( States Ship
building; stock. I happen.; to { know; it
because he came, to me himself 'arid
asked; me to let him have it." I know,
i he ' got it J because ; I Instructed my,
agent to give It to him, and * heVpaid
for it. ,\ If there is any doubt) about
the reliability of .this statement 'I will
in ten- hours— yes, in ; less ; time , than
that— as soon as I '= get ' to '.-' Newburg,
produce the documents, that will* show
for themselves.
. "I 'know,, that Judge Parker had
stock in the United: States Steel Cor
poration. ; If ; there is j any . doubt about
that I'll /furnishV the documents. ' I
j:ah .do it in ' fifteen ' minutes after I
get to Newburg., .> Any mani who at
tacks ;J another \, for being connected
jv'itfr trusts 'I should ; come ;; into. . court
with clean -hands. . All Theodore
Roosevelt ever.^did in connection ; with
the trusts waster bring, them Twlth
a . short *_ turn whenever possible.. Hon
esty always wins.; Roosevelt -: has 100
;p'er,cent in :his make-up." ~
CLOSES HIS CAMPAIGN.
N. C. Coghlan, Republican nominee
for the Assembly in the Forty-first
District, and James L. Gallagher, . for
Superior Judge, were the only candi
dates who spoke at the meeting at
Steimke Hall, Octavia and Union
streets, last night, but speechmaklng
was not lacking, fpr prominent citizens
of the district took part and there was
much effective argument in behalf of
the ticket. Coghlan and Gallagher
"were very cordially received and their
well-timed addresses in behalf of
Roosevelt and Fairbanks were heart
ily applauded. ' . '
E, J. Pringle presided and. the first
speaker he called was Judge Henry C.
Dibble. Charles Murdoch followed
with an entertaining comparison of
the present campaign with that :. of
1 864 In - San jvhen ¦ his first
vote was cast for Lincoln, in those
days party feeling ran high. The tran
quil campaign of 1904 was a wide con
trast, said .the. speaker, but the' ex
planation {was easy, . for .now there is
virtually no contest to arouse the Re
publicans and the hopeless prospect of
the Democrats has defeated all at
tempt at stirring • demonstrations. "
Sheldon C." Kellogg and -General
Woodruff devoted the greater part : of
their, speeches ; to .urging the election
of Kahn, pointing to his, commendable
record and ' the : great 'advantage ;. to be
derived '.by. San in having a
'Republican ".-/represent «* the vcltyf- at
Washington. '
Business Men and Attorneys Urge
Election of Republican Ticket.
Charles F. Curry, Secretary of State,
came down from Sacramento to pre
side over an enthusiastic meeting of
Republicans In Saratoga. Hall last
night. The Forty-second is his home
district and he will remain in the city
till Tuesday to vote. The meeting was
one of the most successful district
gatherings of the campaign. There
were ringing speeches, the audience
was stirred to great applause and the
Charles p. Curry Presides Over a Very
Successful Meeting.
PARKER A STOCKHOLDER ; r
IX TWO LARGE TRUSTS
KVTHCSIASM rX FORTY-SECOXD.
The Democrats of the Fortieth Dis
trict gathered at Franklin Hall last
night. Jubal' Early Craig made the
opening address, introducing W. H.
Locke, vice president of the Iroquois
Club, who acted as chairman of the
meeting. The first speaker was Davifl
S. Hirshberg, candidate for the As
sembly from that district. Hirshberg
in a long and fiery address told how
dear the interests of the city and the
State were to his heart and told what
he "would, do if "elected. tVi
While Hirshberg was talking Ed
ward J. Livernash, candidate for Con
gress, entered and was cheered. Liver
nash was introduced while the band
discoursed the strains of "We Won't
Get Home Until Morning." Livernash
immediately began to toss verbal bou
quets at Hirshberg.' "The only thing
I know against Mr. Hirshberg," -said
the candidate for Congress, "is that
he Is too intensely Interested ; in Cal
ifornia. We want good men in the
Legislature. The average member of
the Legislature is so crooked that j| if
you drive a nail. into his head it will
come out a corkscrew." Livernash
also seized the opportunity . to.'criti
cize Abe Ruef . This caused some " hiss
ing. Other speakers were Edward J.
Hanson, Jubal Early Craig, William
E. White and W. H. Locke, i :
Livernash and Hirshberg Address
; Gathering at Franklin . Hall. ;
DEMOCRATIC HOSTS GATHER.
CITIZENS TAKE PLATFORM.
The Republicans of the Thirtieth As
sembly District rallied last night in
Teutonia Hall and a rousing meeting
was held. Every' seat was filled and
many who sought admittance were
turned away. The candidates who
were present and addressed the meeting
were greeted with rounds of applause
and the mention of the names of the
national candidates was always the sig
nal for prolonged cheering.
F. E. Wallace presided as chairman
and on the stage as vice presidents
were N. McMahon, Fred Pendergast,
I. Erb, Jere Roach, L. Clavleux, J. Ber
tram, T. Sullivan, T. "Doherty, F. Dau
net and N. B, Engle.
The chief speaker of the evening was
former Congressman Julius Kahn, who
spoke not only for his campaign for re
election, but for the party in general.
He told of the needs of the Pacific Coast
and pledged himself, If returned ' to
Congress, to do his utmost for the
welfare of the people of California.
George B. Keane, candidate for State
Senator: Francis McNamara, candidate'
for the Assembly; Ben L. McKinley,
City Treasurer John E. McDougald, J.
C. Wilson and Frank Johnson also ad
dressed the meeting. The speeches
were excellent, dealing not only with
national but also with local issues.
and State Candidates.
Hearty Greetings Given to National
: Louis Strohl, carididate.for the State
Assembly, and John H. Nelson, candi
date for State Senator, spoke at length
and dwelt on the advisability; of elect
ing Republican j candidates next Tues
day- All of the speakers urged the
election of Roosevelt. There was
plenty of music and a good evening
was' enjoyed by ail who attended.
A rousing Republican meeting was
held last night at Washington Square
Hall on Green street. The hall was
packed to the doors and the many
candidates who spoke were received
with much applause. Two candidates
for Superior Judge, Kerrigan and
Burchard, spoke and were ; greeted
warmly, especially Kerrigan. The
speakers urged the voters to cast their
ballots, for. the straight .Republican
ticket on Tuesday next. The mention
of Roosevelt's name j evoked applause
that lasted for several minutes. .
:; Following the speeches of the judi
cial nominees came Julius Kahn, can
didate for Congressman. Kahn made
a brilliant speech and th'e warmth
with which it was received augurs
.well for his; election.' Other candi
dates made speeches, each at differ
ent meetings, last night and there was
a continual string, of .; them on the
platform at Washington ": Square Hall.
APPLAUSE IN LATIN/JUARTER.
CHICAGO, Nov. 4.— Silas Swallow,
Prohibition candidate for President,
completed his campaign to-night with
two speeches In crowded halls. He
closed his addresses by repeating^ the
charges made by former Judge Parker
against President Roosevelt and.Chair
man Cortelyou. The Prohibition party
this year, according to. Swallow, will
poll 400,000 votes, or double the num
ber of four years ago.
Prohibitionist Closes Campaign.
RALLY IN THIRTIETH.
j clAto for the Assembly In the district
j h'; paid Ski-m some tributes. Excellent
i ":iasic v a^ furnished during the even
j irii£ bv the Orpheus quartet.
Candidate Receives an Enthusiastic
Welcome in the Thirty-First.
At Druids' Hall, Fourteenth and Fol
som streets, an enthusiastic meeting of
the voters of the Thirty-first Assembly
Distriot was held last evening. The
chief speaker was former Congressman
Julius Kahn, Republican candidate for
re-election in the Fourth Congressional
District. Kahn's reception was en
thusiastic. In speaking of it after the
meeting, he said: "Two years .ago,
when I canvassed this district, they
greeted me with cheers for my op
ponent. Now tltere is not a strain of
discord. They all come out with cheers
for me."
The meeting was presided over by
Judge Van Nostrand, Charles J. Mc-
Donnell and Dorsan Nichols acting as
vice presidents. Among the speakers, be
sides Kahn, were Jere F. Lucy, candi
date for As^mbly in the Thirty-first;
Jairu; L. OUlagher," candidate for Su
l-orlor Judge; George Benham, Elwood
Brunt;, Jep&e Steinhart, John S. Part
ridge, L,ouis Anderson and I* B.WH
BOtL ¦ ! -ici'Vf — '-• - ¦-¦-'-. ¦
.ifahn arrived late, but the audience
¦.ait-U patiently and gave him a rous
r*K reception. He pointed to his record
.i\ Congress and in refutation of cer
:am stories circulated regarding him
f*ead from the Congressional Record.
To President Roosevelt and the candi-
Several voters from the Fourth Pre
cinct of the Thirty-ninth^ Assembly
District, together with Fairfax H.
Wheelan of the Merchants' Associa
tion, appeared . last night before the
J?card of Election Commissioners to
show why W. J. Foster, an election in
spector, should be dismissed.- Mr.
Hazel testified that Foster was an em
ploye of the United States Government
and therefore disqualified from serv
ing.
Fairfax Wheelan then testified that
Fester, while an election officer of the
Fourth Precinct at the last primary
election, was present when Adolph
Steffens, whom Foster knew, voted the
name of "another, man and that Foster
made' no protest.- -
In reply Foster' said that he was
sick on election day and away from
the voting booth several times. - He
added that he- saw no illegal voting.
The question resolved 4 itself' into the
necessity of believing Mr. Wheelan or
Mr. Foster and the board decided to
giye the city the benefit of the doubt.
It removed Foster oo the ground that
he is a Government employe.
Regarding the communication from
th<v Fire Commissioners relating to the
complaint of the firemen "of Engine
Company 4 -that' they were falsely ac
cused of being ballot-box stufifers, the
Election Board decided that its former
letter to the Merchants' Association
relating" to the City and County Hos
pital registrations covered the- case.
The board passed a resolution, how
ever, "condemning the policy of any
association 'that accuses ; legal ;.vqters
of San Francisco - of ' being 'balibt-bOx
S< Uff erS."-; ¦„• ii V' :* •¦ ';', jji . v:./ ? .
y There still remain 100 vacanies j on
the list "of election officers to be filled
by Tuesday and the Imembers were
asked to make special effort to have
.the list complete. It was decided to
meet again on Monday night at' &
o'clock.
W. J. Foster.
Voters of the Thirty-Ninth Object to
OBTAIN INSPECTORS'. REMOVAL.
Just as the parade concluded the fire
works' on top of the electric .-. tower
caught fire. ¦ The three men in .charge
of them had a narrow escape from be
ing severely burned, the wooden plat
from under the lamps being destroyed.
United States Senator Perkins was
the principal speaker. He delivered an
address on the canal policy of the ad
ministration. The achievements of the
party were reviewed and he urged the
retention of Roosevelt in office to carry
out the policies of the late William
McKinley. He said the Republican
party- stood for - prosperity arid * ad
vahcoment. . '•
SAN JOSE," Nov. 4.— With a parade,
fireworks and the largest political meet
ing ever held here the Republicans . of
San Jose and Santa Clara County;
greeted E. A. Hayes, candidate, tov
Congress in this district, and United
States Senator Perkins. Fronrplat-.
forms on ajl the telegraph poles along;
the line of march and at stations up
to the big electric tower red fire burned.
From the top of the tower, 220 feefi
above the street, roman candles an<J
skyrockets were discharged.
The parade was composed of 209 Stan-*
ford students and their band, tha
speakers and prominent Republicans la
carriages, the University of the Paofflo
students with a band and the Hayea
Congressional Club. The marchers car
ried roman candles. At the Gardeit
Theater, where the meeting wtf held,
hundreds were turned away. Samuel
G. Tompkins presided as chairman. •
E. A. Hayes, the first speaker, wafl
received with cheers and given the
greatest ovation any Congressional
candidate ever received in this city.
He told of : the deplorable condition of
the iron trade under Cleveland's rule
and contrasted It with the ¦ Republican
prosperity of the present time. ¦ He
promised to guard -the Interests of the
district if sent to Congress and assured
the worklngmen they would not suffer
If they aided in electing him, as he .wag
a friend of union labor. «Hayes told
how he had nearly bankrupted himself
during the Cleveland administration
trying to keep men employed in his
iron mines. He urged the voters to
support the entire Republican ticket.*
HAYES AND PERKINS.
•^ln the campaign of; 18S4,
Mr. Cleveland said, the people were , not
in? the I fetters '.of ' trusts 'and \ combina
tions. V The expenditures ; .of . the ¦ ' Gov- J
ejnrbfvnjt; \vereTcaref ul ; and .^economical
as ;¦ compared ;with the. extravagance of
Nor is It alone in this ' direct and palpable
way . that higner protection Is an essential
factor ; In industrial . combination. Those who
manage these affairs take into account and
consider as. an asset of their undertaking the
increased profits which must result when tariff
protection . is : coupled with : the . suppression of
home competition, 'and counting this as money
in hand they are enabled to venture confidently
upon the purchase .' of ; similar . Independent en
terprises at high valuations, paid in watered
stocks," or. to force their co-operation by threats
of -ruinous attack. ' ¦
*"¦ Schemes of this sort.' secured against foreign
interference . by a protective tariff and shielded
frr.m domestic disturbance by covenants of
Joint participation • and defense, i when con
summated and | fully under , way, enhance their
profits by what Is called economy In | adminis
tration, (which, la another phrase for consolida
tion ¦ of - management, -. but which : really means
less work for i many employes and laborers and
the '¦ reduction of wages - to the lowest possible
limit. -*I have, said that the higher the wall
of /- protection ' was raised the larger .; was the
scope for the machinations of . these trusts and
combinations. ¦»- ; - . *- . - . > ,
¦"•¦¦"After, furnishing figures to show the
• ricrease irnthe> number of :, trusts and
'combinations f under. Republican \ pro
tective measures, Mr. Cleveland^ con-:
tinuing, said:
The t protective policy . which -the Republican
party, has imposed upon the country and which
that party !n this campaign noisily defends, 'not
only»has:sOmethlng,;to l do;wlth>trusts, but by
Us very < nature, ? as ; well as by ; Us natural re
sults.'ft is, the parent and accessory'of the rob
bing ' marauders which vex ' and ' afflict our, peo
ple" s life 'and i demand tribute in: every home of
our land. 'They dictate the prices we shall pay
for,- the ' food we' eat, . the clothes ' we ¦¦ wear and
the ». habitations 5-ln ; which we ; live.' We r are
within ". thtlr ' shadow, from ¦ the < cradle . to ' the
grave. ,V * ¦¦"-"•",'¦ '". : .
They know that tariff protection builds' a
high - wall | around American - industries which
guards , them against competition or dis
turbances from abroad and they know that
nothing prevents the raising of prices to the
full '-height of this wall except ¦¦ competition
among these industries themselves, resulting in
the underselling of ' each other at : home and
within the fortified | area of -their operations.
They know, that this barrier standing between
our consumers and j the exaction of prices as
high as the wall of tariff protection must be re
moved and thf margin between prices as modi
fled by home competition and the' prices attain
able without such competition be under the con
trol of tlrese Industries j If , they were to enjoy
to the. fullest extent the fruits of Government
favoritism. ; They know that home competition
could be eliminated by such agreements among
the ; Industries interested as would regulate
prices and production and concentrate manage
ment; but above all things they know that all
devices would entirely ¦ fail to accomplish the
' result desired If , any . breach in " the wall of
protection against foreign interference was
permitted: .-. and - they know- that the higher
this wall wa3 raised the greater would be the
scope of their extortionate 'machinations.
ATTACK S THE CO3IBIXATIOXS.
In the contest of twenty years ago the tariff
then existing was condemned because In and of
Itself, without accomplices or vicious asso
ciates, it was guilty of despoiling our people in
their homes. Trusts and combinations did not
then appear as Its confederates. If they ex
isted at all. they were Infant Industries, too
few and too young to be mentioned in the plat
form of either of -the great political parties,
and too newly born to be the companions of
such other infant industries as, . though still
unweaned, ¦ had actually grown gray at the
breasts. of sinfully Indulgent tariff protection.
¦ The multiplication of this new race of infant
Industries soon grew to be wonderfully In ex/
cess of all .other birth rate records. In 18SS
they had attracted attention er/ough to be de
nounced on both party platforms. The pre
cocity of these Infant prodigies ran far ahead
of the most exaggerated Imagination of parent
al ; pride. : Before they were a day old - they
recognized in the policy of high protection the
way to growth and strength and wealth.
Though it is sometimes now said that the tariff
has nothing to do with trusts, Mr. Havemeyer,
the most competent of all men to give expert
testimony on the subject, has declared "the
tariff is the mother of trusts,'.' and the trusts
themselves were precocious enough to know
this at the beginning of their Infantile exist
ence. ¦ .
It was twenty, years ago almost to a day.that
I appeared before a Newark audience charged
with the responsibility of my party's Presiden
tial candidacy. The Democratic platform in
that campaign denounced the Republican party
for having failed to relieve the people from
crushing war taxes and declared that unnecea
sary taxation was unjust taxaTTon. TSTs plat
form also promised that. If entrusted with the
control of the Government, "the Democracy
would purify the administration from corrup
tion, restore economy, revive respect for law
and revise the tariff in a split of fairness to all
Interests." — ~V£3EE&%i
CONDEMNS HIGH TARIFF.
The remarks of the speaker upon the
needs of a conservative Government
were received with an outburst almost
equal to' that at Mr. Cleveland's en
trance Into the hall, and when he con
cluded with this appeal "that the
American people may be aroused to
their sense of justice by these senti
ments," the audience was on its feet,
while at the last words of the speaker
rallying his hearers to the support of
"that noble, than manly standard
"that_ noble, that manly standard
siasm seemed to gain renewed strength.
Mr. Cleveland's speech follows:; .
, During his speech Mr. Cleveland was
interrupted by remarks of approval
from enthusiastic listeners and on sev
eral occasions when he departed from
his text to impress upon his hearers
some point upon State issues, the dem
onstration broke out afresh and con
tinued for several minutes.
On Mr. Cleveland's appearance on the
platform cheer after cheer rolled from
one end of the armory to the other.
Men stood on chairs twirling hats on
canes, women/ waved handkerchiefs and
clapped their hands, while patriotic
airs from a band could not be heard.
For ten minutes the former President
stood bowing and smiling in acknowl
edgment and repeatedly attempted to
address the- crowd. A half-way quiet
Avaa then* restored and the speech was
begfun, only to be interrupted by an
other outburst that lasted for three
minutes more. It was only when the
audience was drowned Into silence by
the hisses of those desirous of hearing
the former President that Mr. Cleve
land could go on.
This was Mr. Cleveland's first public
appearance in this campaign in his own
State. ' •??-, ,^~->'
NEWARK, N. J., Nov. 4.- With a tri
bute to the strength and er. 'Midiaaia of
the first voter, former Presii ant GroVer
Cleveland' in Newark > to-night began
his' second speech of the pr^rxnt carfl
paign. He waited ten minules for a
cessation of the cheering anfi noise that
his appearance brought forth, and for
thirty-five minutes after he began h'is
address 8000 persons, crowded together
on the t^nbark of a riding academy,
alternately listened and cheered. The
occasion was the closing Democratic
rally of the campaign, a rally under
the. auspices of a club of "first voters."
Mr. Cleveland was the permanent
chairman.
Following ' Mr. Clveland, former
Comptroller of the Currency James H.
Eckles of Chicago addressed the meet
ing.
Equity before the law 'and equal oppor
tunity for all define cardinal Democratic doc
trine. Under this flag „ we fight the battle of
the people. We seek to invest them again
with the eauallty which la . their tight by
virtue of American' citizenship and to restore
to them equal opportunity, r whict» is the right
of American manhood. ¦ . .
Our party makes no warfare upon the rich
nor upon any legitimate enterprises. Its def
inition of American citizenship Is broad
enough and just enough to embrace
all people — the . rich I and • the. poor .alike
— and all corporations and associations of
capital, legitimately engaged in legitimate
business, but it Insists that the Government
should in no way and by no device or abuse of
its functions be accessory • to the creation of
vast combinations of industrial and business
enterprises whose Inevitable tendencies are
to control wrongfully the cost of our people's
living and strangle. independent and individual
business effort.
Democracy, Mr. Cleveland said, Is
conservative, and a conservative Gov
ernment was never more needed than
now. Democracy insists that the con
stitution should be the chart and con
stant guide of national conduct; and
never was a renewal of obedience to
constitutional commands more neces
sary. The Democratic party regards
tariff charges as a tax upon the peo
ple justified only by the necessity of
providing v for the expenses of their
Government; and It holds that, like all
other taxes, these charges should be
as equitably distributed as possible. It
condemns tariff legislation for the sole
purpose of protection as an unavoida
ble source of inequality and favoritism
and as promotlve of oppressive indus
trial combinations; and so far as
tariff duties imposed for revenue may
increditably result in some degree of
protection, it insists that this should
he so arranged as to best subserve the
general welfare. -: :*; < *- :
Continuing, Cleveland said:
Have our people been so milled by tha
glamor of unsound prosperity and eo deceived
by the pretense that an exorbitant protective
tariff In some mysterious . way assures their
happiness and easy existence that they ar»
willing to accept a blind faith In a prosper
ity which th« mosses of our countrymen
neither see nor feel, as against the tangible
evidence supplied by increased cost of every
necessity of life, enforced self-denial In every
home and everywhere curtailed opportunity for
remunerative employment?
Has the pressure of trusts and monopolies
become so familiar and have their pretense of
benevolent purpoaes so deluded our people that
they are willing abjectly to surrender their
claims to equality before the law and. to sup
port a policy which to their undoing makes
these aggregations of riches and power mow
rich and powerful? Have tha plain people of
our land — Independent, proud Americans — »o
degenerated that they do not resent the hu
miliating suggestion that those, made rich
through unjust favoritism will care for them,
and are they content to rely on the tender
mercies of such intermediaries as these, in
stead of the direct consideration . due them
from their Government? Have our . people
reached such a state of listless indifference
that they see nothing wrong in a scheme of
tariff protection which supplies to foreign con
sumers articles of necessary use which are
the work of American hands and American
ingenuity at a cheaper rate than they can
be purchased by American citizens? Are they
willing for the sake of continuing this dis
crimination against themselves to perpetuate
the policy which burdens them with protective
tariff taxation?
FIGHTING BATTLE OF PEOPLE.
I will not believe that my countrymen are
either willfully reckless. of their safety
or heedless ' of "> their : duty ' of citizenship or
insensible to their rights ami' Interests;- •-* but
whether they will hear or whether they will
forbear I cannot ' refrain from urging " upon
them the especial necessity at this time of
sober reflection, and exhorting -them to a du
tiful review of our nation's establishment, tha
character of , its-- mission and its political
plight. If. this is honestly undertaken and if
the exigencies of the hour are clearly seen
and patriotically met. I shall not fear for the
result.
those liuur days, and the rate of tariff
taxation which the Democracy then
tcad^mred as yielding more than suffl
clsnt revenue for ( Government needs
•\ri>- moderate us compared with pres
er.t taxations.
j TAliiJT TAXATION INCREASE.
Mr. Cleveland, continuing, said:
I come again after twenty years. The rate
of tariff taxation has Increased by one-fourth,
the expenditure of the Government has more
than double 1; and hundreds of industrial trusts
and combinations, the vicious progeny of ex
treme tariff protection, openly or stealthily
search the pockets of our people. Again I use
my word* of twenty years ago. "The right of
the Government to exact tribute from th«
citizen is limited by Its exact necessities; and ,
every ' cent taken from the people beyond that
required for their protection by the Govern
ment Is no better than robbery."
A3 I repeat those words the question is In my
mind whether the startling changes we con
template will add force and emphasis to this
sentiment which in 16S4 was indorsed by our
countrymen, or whether with these changes
another of deeper and sadder significance has
taken place In our people's modes of thought
and their conceptions of American sturdlnesa
of citizenship; has the steady growth of public
extravagance been so artfully concealed by
glorification of their country's progress that
they no longer consider public frugality as a
fundamental element in governmental duty
which they cannot remit either with safety to
our institutions or Justice to their own best
Interests? .. .->¦¦- "• ; -"-":
statement says that the committee has
resolved to take such steps aa may be
necessary to punish all violations of
the election law that may be brought
to its attention and that it will follow
up all such cases whatever the result
of the election may be.
The Bell followers have winced and
crouched under the telling force of
Dozier's arraignment of Bell's pre
tended claims of Congressional accom
plishments. His logic, his magnetic
eloquence and his clear and concise
presentation of facts, fortified by the
absolute and exact record in each In
stance, have fully demonstrated that
Bell is a false alarm, who has been
sailing under stolen colors— Just as
Congressman McLachlan charged him
with doing. ;!,".
The committee is informed from Red
ding that any one doubting the absolute
falsity of the charges made, by the
Redding Free Press can satisfy his
mind and settle his doubts by com
municating with Judge Edward Swee
ney, former Judge of the Superior
Court of Shasta. County and now one
of the Presidential Electors on the Re
publican ticket in this campaign, whose
residence is in Redding. Judge Swee
ney Is well known in this* State and
4ias an enviable reputation : and record.
To illustrate the straits in which
Bell's friends are and the character of
-fcampaign which is being conducted in
his behalf, the Republican State ¦Com
mittee directs attention to the attack
which is being made on Thomas B.
Dozier, District Attorney of Shasta
County, who has been speaking in the
Second Congressional District of Cali
fornia In behalf of the Republican
party and particularly advocating the
elfction of Duncan E. McKiniay. Some
time ago the Redding Free Press, pub
lished by F. il. Swasey, a pretended
Republican and now Register of the
local Land Office at Redding, holding
such position under a Republican ad
ministration, made an attack on Mr.
Dozkr concerning a bridge matter
which came before the Board of Su
pervisors of Sha.via .County. \ This per
sonal attack was well and notoriously
known to have been actuated and im
pelled by personal malice and virxii'j
tivencss upon the part of Swasey.
When the charges were made 2>ir.
Dozier, at the next session of the Be.iru
of Supervisors, demanded an Inv< •.•-tl
gution, which clearly and unequivoc \lly
exonerated him and proved bey j
question that the onslaught of Swi <¦
was the exhibition of personal sp •. r
and malice. Although this matter ..',
curred some time ago, in the last f.iur
days and during the absence of Sir.
Dazier, Swasey, inspired by a Democrat
who has notoriously controlled the F: «*.-
Press, has been rehashing these ex
ploded charges against Dozier in r.is
newspaper, and copies of the same are
being mailed and sent to the various
newspapers in the Second Congressional
District with the hope of pulling duwn
the good work done by Dozier In behalf
of McKinlay.
DOZILJH WORRIES BELL.
Kepublican candidate for Congress.
To-day «io\ernor Pardee will ad
dress the gallant defenders of the flag
at the Veterans' Home, Yountville. He
will ppeak to the people of Napa City
This evening. The notion that the Gov
ernor of the State, the leader of the
Republican party in California, should
rot address his fellow citizens in a
Presidential campaign is utterly ab
surd. At committee headquarters there
is a nrm belief that California will elect
eight Republicans to Congress next
Tuesday.
To-nisht at the Alhambra Theater
citizens of San Francisco will have the
pleasure of listening to Joseph D. Red
oing and EL Wolf. The meet
ing will be held under the auspices of
the Republican State Committee. Gen
eral George Stone chairman, and there
are indications that a vast, audience
v\ ill assemble at the Alhambra to hear
the eminent speakers.
REFUTES ATTACK.
At Petaluma Thursday night Bell re
newed his attack on Governor Pardee.
The Republican State Central Com
mittee is informed that the .bellicose
Congressman's tirade against the Gov
ernor was so vehement that men in
the audience who had not fully deter
mined how they should vote next
Tuesday resolved to support Duncan
K'. McKinlay. the able and dignified
CKOWDS CHEEK KAHX.
Kahn did not enter the hall till
after the meeting had opened and the
speaking had to be stayed while the
assemblage gave him a cordial greet
ing, including several rounds of cheers.
When it came his turn on the plat
form he got another ovation. .;'".
Major Kyle and Benjamin I* Mc-
Kinley addressed the meeting and the
issues of the campaign were happily
and thoroughly presented. The Co
lumbia Quartet interspersed the pro
gramme with singing 'and a band lent
its aid to the arousing of enthusiasm.
gleeful note of triumph was in the air.
George B. Keane, candidate for State
Senator; George A. McGowan, for As-,
semblyman, and Julius Kahn, for Con-,
gress, were particularly the subjects
of demonstrations and it was ap
parent that their popularity in the
Forty-second is strong. v .
E. G. Knapp called the assemblage
to order and introduced Curry as the
chairman. The Secretary of State
spoke briefly of his confidence of a
sweeping Republican victory and then
Introduced McGowan. The young
orator acquitted himself very accept
ably to his hearers. There was a repe
tition of the lusty cheers when Keane
was presented and his speech was fre
quently interrupted by applause.. * ,*.-v
Mr. Macathur in his introductory re
marks deplored the policy of militarism
which he ascribed to Roosevelt and the
Republican party, and said that if this
policy was not curbed, it would inevi
tably lead to a war that would plunge
the whole nation into blood and tears.
This reapplied quotation from Inger
soll on was followed by '•. a
new version of history, with Frank tJ.
Sullivan as the author. Mr. Sullivan
said that at the time of Lincoln the Re
publican party was the minority party;
that it was Democrats that officered
the army of the Union, and that it was
the Democratic party that gave the ne
gro his liberty. -
Then Sullivan said he was convinced
that the question of the tariff had noth
ing to do with the prosperity of the
country. His contention is established,
he said, by the fact that the most pros
perous time this nation ever knew was
during ' the- period from 1801 -to 1861,
when, according to Sullivan's historical
discoveries, free ~ trade prevailed. .' In
conclusion Sullivan called upon the au
dience to support Congressional Nomi
nees Livernash and Wynn.
Congressman Livernash had not. yet
arrived \ when Sullivan concluded his
speech, ai»d William Greeley, who ad
vocated the cause of Joseph M.- Plunk -
ett. Democratic nominee for the. Senate
in the Seventeenth District; Charles A.
SweJgert and S. B. Nolan, candidate for
the Assembly jn the Twenty-eighth
District,* were called upon to address
the audience. They concluded with Con
gressman Livernash still absent, so
Walter Macarthur again stepped into
the breach and spoke on behalf of the
candidacy of Congressmen Livernash
and Wynn. They should be supported,
he said, because they had kept the
faith, because they were intelligent and
honest, were men of the people that
could be trusted to remain loyal to the
people in every battle that might arise
in the halls of Congress.
Mr. Livernash arrived at the hall at
this point and received'ah enthusiastic
welcome. . After discussing national is
sues for a t|me he turned his attention
to local conditions, which he said at
the moment were overshadowing the
national questions in the interest of San
Franciscans. He said he had hoped
that the present campaign would be \ a
clean one, different from the last, which
drew him with its indecency into. the
valley of desperation, but he had found
that the same condition must be faced
again. He then attacked the Citizens'
Alliance for its opposition of his can
didacy and in conclusion said:
"I want to tell you union men here
that it is not me that the Citizens' Al
liance opposes, it is you and the prin
ciples that you stand for. Be on your
guard lest it be loo late when the fight
that is now in preparation opens against
you."
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee's campaign has closed in San
Francisco. The final mass-meeting un
der the. auspices of the governing body
of the party was held at Pioneer Hall
last night. Walter Macarthur, editor of
the Coast Seamen's Journal/was chair
man of the meeting, and Congressman
Edward J. Llvernash and Frank J. Sul
livan were, the principal speakers.
that' a communication stating : the
facts be sent to the Registrar of Vot
ers, and Commissioner, Parry, quoted
The Call of j yesterday, wherein was
published a letter from the Registrar
claiming^ that'a similar error had been
made in; the; list of the City and Coun
ty Hospital employes.
Jules Vincent, a truckman of Truck
No. 1, was before the, Commissioners
yesterday on charges of failing to an
swer an : alarm, assigning his salary
and indorsing a note ; of a brother
fireman." ;He^ pleaded guilty and the
Commissioners , have the case under
advisement.
Democratic State Central Committee Closes
Its Campaign in San Francisco.
Bell Again Attacks Governor Pardee and His
Party Wantonly Assails Dozier.
'_ *» -••• ¦¦ ¦ . ; •- - - t
Declares Ttiat the Combinations Haye Grown Under
Jrt6})ll DIlGcill r rOuGCilvG lVlGdSlir6S.
MAKES STRONG APPEAL FOR PARKER
JOSEPH D. REDDING AND '"¦ £ MYRON WOLF TO MAKE FINAL SPEECHES
GREAT MASS MEETING AT ALHAMBRA
WILL CONCLUDE REPUBLICAN BATTLE
OVATION TO CLEVELAND IS GIVEN BY VOTERS OF NEWARK WHEN FORME R PRESIDENT DELIVERS HIS SECOND SPEECH OF PRESENT CAMPAIGN AND ARRAIGNS THE TRUSTS
THE SANv FRANCISCO GALL. SAT^RDAY^NOVEMBER- 5, \ 190?
NEW YORK/ Nov. 4. — Every elec
tion j district in 'the State . will be
watched by personal -, representatives
of ; ; the -executive committee' of* the
Democratic State ) Committee at next
Tuesday's : election/ -accordingf to a: for-"
rhal fsteteirieriC issued^from the ;Dem"-*
ocratic State headquarters to-day. The"
New York Democrats, Make . Careful
Arrangements for. Election.
\VTLIi KEEP CLOSE COUNT.
2
- . -To-Cimjta Cold In One Day ;¦'¦¦.':':¦/.
Take i Laxative*- Bromo*;'Quinfne"*^ Tablets. .Ail
druggists : refund ; the r money ,; if tit ' falls : to ' cure.'
v.::. TV. Ornvo'a • alarnatura ¦ 1« on each ¦ box." 2fio.»
; A Guaranteed Cure for Piles. -
' Itching:, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding; Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money if PAZO OINT-
MENT falls to cure you In 6 to 14 days. SOc *
DOAN'S PIIiLS.
JUDGE FOR^YODRSELF
IMcli Is Better, Try an Eiperiment or
Profit Ha San Francisco Citi-
zen's Euerience?
Something new is an^ experiment.
Must be proved to be as repre-.
sented. . * " ,
The statement. of a manufacturer is
not convincing proof of merit.
But the indorsement of .friends. is.
Now supposing you had a bad back,
, A lame, weak or aching one,
Would you experiment on it?
You will read of many so-called
cures.
Indorsed by strangers 1 from far-,
away places. • t
It's different when the indorsement}
comes from home.
Easy" to prove local testimony.
Home indorsement is the proof thiafi
backs every box of Doan's Kidney*
Pills. * .
Read this case: . /
- W. D. Nicol, foreman rigger at* the
-Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works,
residence 800 Minnesota street, says:
"Some nights after a hard day's work
I was actually doubled up with back-
ache. The last attack clung to me
persistently for over two weeks.. It
was more acute than any previous
attack and lasted longer. Naturally,
on the outlook for any means to help,
I • happened 'to read an advertisement '
about Doan's Kidney Pills in one 'of
our daily/papers and L was so im-
pressed with what it said that I tried
the remedy. It stopped the aggra-
vated .attacrJ. During the Iasfsix
months I haye been entirely free from
kidney, complaint or backache." For
sale jby all dealers. Price; 50 cents.
Foster-Milbum Co.; Buffalo, N."Y.,
Sole, Agent3 for the United States.
RICH' 0^ P30B— YOU 'fi2£D TEETH
No one, old enough to know better, should
be neglectful of that most vital and useful
organ of the human system— the. teeth— the
very guards to the gateway of health.
SOZObONT
700TH POWDER
should be found en the tct!et:tabtc cfevsry
one, be he rich orpoor. It will liortariiusb'
¦ goId^worW nor . scratch .the enameK ; '\A per-
£ect dentlfrtcei*»the one for you." VH"-*' c '"" :
' 1 lOSMSr liodrorPOWDTO-PiiSm ""
Peculiar
To Itself
In what it is and what it does— con- !
taining the best blood-purifying, alter- I
ative and tonic substances and effect-
ing the most radical and permanent !
cures of all humors and all eruotions, j
relieving weak, tired, languid feel- 1
ings, and building up the whole syV !
tern — is true only of;
Hood's Sarsaparilla
No other medicine acts like it; no
other medicine has done so much
real, substantial good, no other medi- s
cine has restored health and strength
at so Jittle cost. • Y-\
Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keeps the promise.Paul de Cassagnac, the Promlj
Deputy, Passes! A way Suddenly
in Paris.
NOTED FRENCH DUELIST
.;' AND JOURNALIST DEAD
"Summit Snow" fiour. on sale at Olson
CoVs, 813 Market «tre«t. . •
Two Distinguished Generals of the
Empire on Their Way to
This Country.
DOVER, Nov. 4.— The Hamburg-
American line steamship Hamburg,
which sailed for New York from here
to-day, had among her passengers
Lieutenant General von Lowenfeldt of
Emperor William's military staff* and
Imperial Adjutant General von
Schmettow, who are to represent Em
peror William at the unveiling of the
statue of Frederick the Great*, in
.Washington on November 19. Both
delegates are descendants of officers
of Frederick the Great.
Baltic Squadron Will Sail To-Day.
TANGIER. Nov. 4.— The ships of
the .Russian Baltic srjuadron will sail
hence to-morrow. Their destination
has not yet been disclosed..
Minister Takahira Is Out of Danger.
NEW YORK. Nov. 4.— Minister
Takahira was reported to-day to be
much Improved. Dr. Shrady said he
thought all danger was passed.
Pope Resumes His Audiences.
ROME, Nov. 4. — The Pope considers
that he had been restored to his usual
health and to-day resumed his audi
ences, receiving among others Car
dinals Oreglla, Martinelll and Taliani.
GREEN VltiJw Nov. 4. — John Taylor, aged
CO years, was killed . by an explosion while
thawing giant powder this morning.
Spend a Delightful Sunday. Grand
Ocean Excursion..
New. ccmmodio&s and - firat-dasa steamship
F. A. Kilburn leaves Lombard -street wharf
So&fiaT. November 6, at 9 a. m.. returning at
5 p. m. . Oit through the Golden Gate.V around
the Faraltone*. from . Point Reyes .1 to';. Point
Moctara.- Fine fishing, on CcrrieU banks. Fare
11.-. Take Sansome-st. cars. Exclusive charters
Californlans in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— The fol
lowing Californlans arrived here to
day. At the Raleigh— W. W. Frazier
and wife of Bakersfleld, Mrs. M. M.
Watson of Oakland, Mis3 Finkenstein
and Mrs. E. Epstein of- San Francis
co. At the New Wlllard— W. S. Wood
and wife, S. Clayburgh and wife and
Mies . Irene Clayburgh of San z Fran-
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 4. — F. W. Stobie,
a real estate man, attempted to com
mit suicide by cutting his throat to
day. He cut several deep gashes, but
will probably recover. Despondency,
due to poor health, is supposed ta
have been the cause. *
Tires of Life as Invalid.
Believed Russians Intend Tryins to
Break From "Port Arthur.
SHANGHAI. Nov. 4.— Advices reach-
SHANGHAI. Nov. 4.— The British
steamer Victoria, which succee^*d in
running the Port Arthur blockade with
a full cargo of beef and has returned
here, confirms the reports that the Jap
anese fcav* captured all the main
northeastern positions- of the fortress.
Rons the Port Arthur Blockade.
SHIPS MAY MAKE DASH.
At ;Foggia, while former* Deputy
Maury was parading the streets with
several thousand of his supporters, an
unidentified man tried to stab him in
the back. A friend in shielding Maury
was wounded in the arm. The would
be asassln escaped.
ROUE, Nov. 4.— Interest In the
electoral campaign Increases with the
approach of the election, which will
take place on Sunday, November 6.
There' have been few disorders, al
though at Naples a Socialistic demon
stration ended in a general fighC'in 1
which several were wounded.
Socialistic Demonstration at . Naples
Ends in a Fight and Several
Persons Are Wounded.
INTEREST IN ELECTORAL
CAMPAIGN IS INCREASING
TO REPRESENT THE KAISER
AT "UXVEUJXG OF STATUE
Battleships Receive Orders to Sail.
GIBRALTAR. Nov. 4. — The battle
ships Victorious and Magnificent have
sailed under orders to patrol the
Straits. The battleships Illustrious
and Jupiter have been ordered to put
to sea immediately. It is believed
thev will proceed westward.
. STOCKTON, Nov. 4. — David Law
rence, who Is wanted In ; Sacramento
for passing a bogus check for $100 on
Hall, Luhrs & Co., was arrested here
to-day by Chief W. L. Walker* and
will be taken to the Capital City to
morrow for trial. Lawrence attempted
to secure the Indorsement of a local
cigar dealer on a $60 check, but failed.
Captured in Stockton.
MUKDEN. Novr 4.— Almost complete
calm has prevailed since noon of No
vember 3- At daybreak to-day the
Japanese fired a few shrapnels at men
working in the trenches along the cen
ter of the Russian right flank, but the
firing socn ceased.
The Russians to-day celebrated the
day of the Holy Mother of Kasan. The
sun shone brightly and the soldiers
gathered in crowds around the chorus
singers and all the bands played.
Calm Prevails at Mukden.
England Is Sending Larger Ships to
Join Pacific Fleet.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 4. — H. M. S.
Grafton and H. M. S- Flora have re
ceived orders to leave immediately
for England. The Grafton will sail
Saturday morning. The Flora, now
at* Coquimbc. will proceed .arithout
waiting fcr the Grafton.
The unexpected depletion of the Pa
cific fftaticn of its two largest vessels
Is explained at EsQcimalt to be that
rr.cre powerful vessels are on the. way
from England to this station, which,
since the friction with Russia became
acute, has suddenly sprung into prom
inrr.ee as a great naval tuse.
DXE3 AT THE HOSPTTAI* — Slier=aa Hi>
rij. fonaerly a vandertl!* manager of sotn*
cote, died at ths Central E*nerzesc7 HospCal
of pneumonia last c:?i:. II* arrived train
Siias^SaJ only a few weeica a^o wlt& *«&•
tn»j3. tat west the pace aad died destitute.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Dr. Glbney to
day filed with Commissioner Lee, who
is taking depositions in the Dolbeer
will case, a letter written to him by
Miss Bertha M. Dolbeer when she and
Miss Warren, her companion; were
abroad. Dr. Gibney mentioned this
letter in his previous testimony to show
that it was written in a cheerful vein
and indicated the normal mental con
dition of the writer.
The doctor also filed letters written
to him by Miss Warren from San Fran
cisco after Miss Dol beer's death, which
the . Commissioner declined to make
public, saying they were of a purely
personal nature.
The examination of other witnesses
will be continued on Monday.
Physician Exhibits Epistles Written
by Heiress When She Was
Traveling Abroad.
WASHINGTON, ~Sav. 4.— By order of
the War Department Sergeant of the
first class Charles H. Soil of the hos
pital corps at the army General Hos
pital at the Presidio at San Francisco
will be relieved from duty at the hos
pital and sent aboard the ship sailing
from San Francisco on about Decem
ber 1, 1904, for Manila for duty. Private
Francis M. Weatherholt of Troop H.
Third Cavalry, Fort Apache. Ariz.,
will be sent to. the army General Hos
pital at the Presidio at San Francisco
for duty. Contract Surgeon Waller H.
Dade is relieved from duty in the Phil
ippine division and upon the expiration
of his leave of absence win proceed
to Fort Russell. Wyoming, relieving
Contract Surgeon Alva R. HolL who
will proceed • to San . Francisco acd
thence to Manila. Captain William R.
Grove Is relieved from duty at Kansas
City, Mo., and will proceed to San
Francisco and take the ship to sail
from that place about March, 1905. for
Manila, Philippine Islands, for duty in
the subsistence department. Corporal
David C. Smart of the signal, corps,
now on temporary duty aboard the
cable ship Burnside at Seattle. Wash.,
is assigned to duty on that vessel. Ser
geant Charles R. S. Bryant of the
signal corps, now on temporary duty
aboard . the cable ship Burnside. Se
attle, Is relieved from/ further duty at
Sitka, Alaska, and assigned to duty
on the Burnside.
..Orders to naval ofllcers — Naval Con
structor F. B. Zahm will be detached
from the navy-yard at Mare Island.
Cal., on November 2S,"to the bureau of
construction and repairs of the Navy
Department, Washington. D. C. Naval
Constructor H. A; Evans will be de
tached from the navy-yard at Norfolk.
Va., on November 15. to the navy-yard
at Mare Island, Cal., for duty as the
head of department of construction
and .repairs' of that yard. upon the de
tachment of Naval Constructor Zahm.
Naval Constructor L. S. Adams will
be detached from the Union Iron Works
at San Francisco on November 5, to the
navy- yard at Norfolk. Va.. for duty '
in the "department of construction and:
repair of that yard.
Army and Navy Orders.
3HSS DOLBEER'S LETTERS
ARE SHOWN IX COURT
CHEFU. Nov. 4. — Chinese who left
Port Dalny yesterday evening- report
that batches of wounded Japanese were
then passing through Dalny. They
report also that during the recent bat
tle fresh Japanese troops j were con
stantly going to the front? It is re
ported at Dalny that the Japanese
killed or wounded in front of Port
Arthur during the last three months
approximate forty thousand.
Enormous Japanese Losses Reported
at Port Arthur.
FORTY THOUSA>T) VICTIMS.
The men spent a sleepless night and
early in the morning moved their boat
and tent. :' ;' J ;¦
"We all knew him and we all recog
nized him," said Martens. "He was
standing on a log at the edge of the
water. "We spoke to him, when he
plunged into the river and disappeared.
At the moment we did not think it
strange that there was no splash, but
when we . ran down and found there
was no log, we became scared. We
afterward learned that we were on the
exact spot where Fodesch's shoes were
found and where his tracks led to the
water." .
OMAHA. Nov. 4.— Four reputable cit
izens, who camped on the banks of the
Missouri last night, are ready to take
oath that they saw the ghost of E-
Fodesch, a wealthy • cigarmaker, who
committed suicide by Jumping into the
water at the same spot just one year
ago. The party consisted of H. H. Mar
tens, proprietor of the Hotel Martens;
his son, Joseph, and two friends. They
had been fishing . from Martens*
naphtha launch during the day and at
night anchored the boat and pitched
their tent on the bank.
At midnight all were suddenly awak
ened. Looking from their tent all saw
the figure of a man standing by the
boat. They rushed out ready to
shoot, thinking some one intended to
steal their launch. Before them, they
all declare, stood Fodesch.
Cruelty was alleged as the ground of
divorce and In , support of her com
plaint Mrs. Griffith told from the wit
ness stand the story of the shooting.
The crime was committed at the Hotel
Arcadia, at Santa Monica. GriSth
fired twice at his wife, one bullet de
stroying one of her eyes. To escape
him she leaped from a window and in
the fall fractured her arm and colla^
bone. After hearing her story Judge
Allen asked If there had been .any
provocation.
"Not the slightest -In the world." she
replied. "It was a deliberate act."
. The decree was granted and the cus
tody of the only child given to the
mother.
Griffith was convicted of assault
with a deadly weapon and sentenced to
two years in San Quentin and fined
$3000, the maximum penalty. His case
Is before the Supreme Court.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 4.— Four min
utes after the case was called Superior
Judge Allen to-day granted a divorce
to Mrs. Griffith J. Griffith, wife of the
wealthy clubman who is now in jail
pending an appeal of his conviction for
having attempted to murder her. Grif
fith made no contest of the case and
was not in court.
Ep«ci&! Dispatch to Th* CalL
Special Dispatch to The Call,
W. H. Bancroft, general manager
of the Union Pacific Company, who
has been appointed temporarily to nil
the position §t general manager of th«
Southern Pacific, from which C. H.
Markham has resigned, will arrive
here to-day from Salt Lake City.
Yesterday a high official of the
Southern Pacific received advices
from Omaha to the effect that A. L.
Mohler had been slated for the va
cant "position here. Monler has al
ways been regarded at this end of ths
Harriman lines as the most likely ap
pointee f or ' Markham's place.
Report Says A. L. MohJer utu Eren
tnaHy Become General Mana^rr
of Southern Pacific.
¦— — — •
PREPARES FOR EMERGENCY.
Sot and Japanese Forces Fight Short
Kii£ag,rmcm Near Linchintun.
MUKDEN. .Vov. 4.— There was a
brisk exchange of artillery fire here yes
terday, e-itendirig from the village of
Lmrhirtun eastward on both. sides of
.the railroad, but the firing ceased at
noon. 1
The Japanese are continuing their
concentration opposite the Russian
center. The Japanese positions alon?
their v.hoie line are strongly fortified,
and th?y are now entrenching along
the Hun River to the westward.
On Monday on the Russian extreme
r:cit a squadron of Don Cossacks
charged a battery of Japanese artlllery
r.»-ar Tjaantoun. The Cossacks went
furv.ard at a gallop through a field of
uncut millet at the fire of the battery
sr.d had almost reached the guns when
a couple of companies of Japanese in
fantry ro^e vz> and poured in several
volleys, compelling the cavalrymen to
ride out of the field at an even faster
pare than they went into it. The Cos-
' ¦¦ '¦ ; In«t abont twentv-flvp men
.
BRISK ARTILLERY DUEL.
Four Minutes All That Are
Needed to Give Freedom to
Wife of Griffith J. Griffith
Prominent Men of Omaha
Say They Beheld the Shade
of Their Departed Friend
W. H- BANCROFT IS DUE
TO-DAY FKO3I SALT LAKE
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— The Jap
anese legation received several days
ago a cablegram from Tokio giving
the official reports of the recent op
erations around Port Arthur. The
dispatches confirm the report that the
old part of Port Arthur was set on
fire October 28 and that on the fol
lowing day great damage was inflict
ed against the Russian mine-planting
vessels in the harbor, two of them
catching fire.
Japanese Legation Receives News of
Operations at Port Arthur.
RUSSIAN \~SSELS DAMAGED.
CERTAIN THEY
SAW A GHOST
RECORD TIME
FOR A DIVORCE
SEATTLE, Nov. 4.— James C. Bra
men, proprietor of the Delmonico . res
taurant at Bremerton, shot and prob
ably fatally wounded his wife this af
ternoon and then committed suicide.
The shooting, occurring as it did on the
principal street of Bremerton, caused
a great deal of excitement, ,
The man was "about 50 years of a#e
and the woman about 40. They had
been married but seven weeks. After
their marriage the couple purchased
the Delmonico restaurant. From the
first the venture did not pay and as
the man saw his money fade away he
grew irritable and frequently quarreled
with hi3 wife.-
Matters reached a climax yesterday
afternoon. Bramen beat his wife and
she ran from him out of the restaurant.
He followed her, drawing a revolver as
he ran, and fired at her. The bullet
struck her in the hip, passing upward
and lodging in the intestines.
Bramen . turned and went into the
restaurant, where he killed himself.
Andre said that during the Dreyfus
affair seme officers participated in
manifestations against President Lou
bet and he cited other Instances 'how
ing intolerance and lack of discipline
among officers. The Minister said that
this was fomented by political and
clerical agitators. During the maneu
vers, he added, a regimental colonel
had sought to replace the tricolor ty
an ensign bearing the insignia of roy
alty.
The War Minister's declaration
caused a wild demonstration. General
Jacquey exclaiming that the Minister
lied. The president of the chamber
threatened to censire General Jacquey.
who withdrew his words and the Min
ister continued his statement amid
great excitement.
PARIS, Nov. 4.— The Chamber cf
Deputies held a tumultoocs session to
day over renewed interpellations on
the subject of the policy of "War Min
ister Andre, alleging that he was per
sonally cognizant of the system of spy
ing upon ofSctrs. During the time
when the Minister was making his
reply there was a scene of intense con
fusion.
Epecial Dispatch to Tha Call.
Bremerton Business Man
Kills Himself After Shoot
ing Bride of Few Weeks
Andre Hotly Denounced as
tke s Result of a Speech
in the French Chamber
SAN JOSE, Nov. 4. — Dr. A- ilc
llahon. who yesterday was made the
defendant in a $10,000 breach o£
promise suit by ills3 Anna B. Fox.
filed an answer to the action to-day.
He denies that on July 17 last or at
any other time he promised to marry
Miss Fox. As & further defense Dr.
Mcllahon states, that if he did so
promise to marry her he was Justified
In' breaking the engagement by the
dissipated and • scandalous conduct o£
Miss Fox toward himself and family
on September 19 last.
Y.~hiie the complaint and ans-orer ara
brief, some sensational developments
are expected at the trial of the action,
dnct of 3Iiss Fox Justified
Ills Action.
San Jose Physician Says "the Cca-
MR MINISTER
CALLED A LIAR
LOSS OF MONEY
CAUSES CRIME
DOCTOR ANSWERS SOT
FOR BREACH OF PROPOSE
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 4.— The de
lay in the final ratification of the con
vention providing for an inquiry into
the North Sea . incident is over the
formulation of the question which the
international commission is to decide.
The Russian authorities are understood
to desire to acquaint themselves with
the detailed report of Admiral Rojest
vensky, which was brought here by
Captain Clado and his three brother
officers to-day, in order to ascertain
whether any new questions raised by
the report should be included.
Both Captain • Clado and his com
rades, upon their arrival at the railroad
station this morning, informed a rep
resentative of the press that they had
nothing to say for publication.
3lauer for North Sea Board to Pass
On Undec&Jetl.
DEXAY OVER QUESTION.
Knastan In Port Arthur Writes* of
Terrible Conditions There.
LONDON, Nov. 5. — The Daily
Mail's Chefa correspondent has ob
tained a letter from a Russian in Port
Arthur, dated October 27, In which
the writer d<^clares that it would need
the- pen of Zola, or the brush of Ver
eEtchagin to picture the awfulness of
the siege. The letter says:
The uacassy part cf it «J1 i* that m«a meet
c^atis !n atter rf>aee. One tn<x>cll<ht nieh*
at Etz Mo-jEtiin I watched an assault of a
£iw*--t!y sts of mo\1nt figures, through which
conrlmul ia3«9 »«n« nude br our runs, airsit
t:n*f rl'.nir**^ cf ec«nes behind- Th**« gaps
»er* cles^-i cp a> If by mafic acd the masses
suiT^l onward white oar men. forsaking tie
TT.':h*s. sought the shelter of the forts. Oa
!_>¦} ciiae until wh»n they were close up to as
tie mines exploded an<l the e*rt!i cp«sed.
&>dWa «-*r* hurled hi^h ta the air and then
f-i.i-.k »yitn to earth." Ilasds clutched rifles,
snu '.n ih* rutonligist the bayonets looked like
fireworks shooting upward and descending pcict
<ir.t»rf Into th« bodies cf men. I dream of
th* sisai even now.
A1J the i-nveutjor>« cf military renios ar« not
abi-: to-wacTST the Japanese, who isht with TJ
:anie **a«Tjry.» Our soldiers are giadiatcrs and
£T*at-hcarted heroes.
The Uat tcrti* cf tie teet failed because cf
iaahUlty to repair vessels previously daisased.
We r.«»e JV.- a »itiy!e bottle of anesthetic*
>ft. 'Tost think what trcny the wounded eusc
endcre! Tfc« feed a of the cccrsest and even
that i» becoming- scarce, irhile. disease Is rife
and sanitary conditions are deplorable. It is
impossible ta rrpair the ships with our scant
rescureFS. bet we are all detensined to hoii
tat. ecm* » hat will, ia the hope of relief. For
every tear, we lose our fees bemoan the loss cf
*CE>~ES OF AWFCTi CARNAGE.
The Daily Telegraph's correspondent
at Chefu learns that the Japanese
are seeking to compel the Russian fleet
to quit the harbor and that Vice Ad
miral Togo Is prepared for this move.
If it is effected, the correspondent adds,
the Japanese will settle down to a
winter sieje.
LONDON, Nov. 5.— Conflicting re
ports emanate from Chefu regarding
tha result of the latest assault on Port
Arthur- Bennett Burleigh of the paily
Telegraph, who passed the fortress in
a steamer, says that all was quiet at S
o'clock Friday morning, and there were
no signs of firing or of any movement.
His steamer was thrice chased and
boarded by Japanese within a brief
period, the Japanese forbidding any
navigation within twenty miles of Port
Arthur.
No Signs of Firing or of Any Move
ment by the Japanese.
The writer enters into a detailed
statement of the movements of the
various divisions of the squadron the
day the ships left Skagen, tending to
show / that all the Russian torpedo
boats were sent ahead and that none
of them was anywhere in touch with
the battleships and cruisers. The night
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 6. 4:15 a.
m. — St. Petersburg newspapers and
their correspondents have _ been unre
mittent In their efforts to Interview
Captain Claddo and his fellow officers
from the Baltic squadron, who, how
ever, have steadfastly refused to talk
for publication.
The Novoe Vremya this morning
prints a long letter, dated Vigo, Oc
tober 2S, and credited to a member of
the Baltic squadron, containing a sum
mary of events leading up to the firing
upon the British trawlers and the in
cidents of the night of October 21. The
letter says that Admiral Rojestvensky
and the Admiralty, before the sailing
c-f the squadron., received from secret
agents a mass of information regard
ing the plans and whereabouts of Jap
anese boats»in European waters. The
letter says:
"The Japanese had torpedo boats in
the Norwegian fjords and also pur
chased a number cf fishing vessels at
Hamburg, Hull, Southampton and
Christiania. The Russians , also pur
chased a number c-f fishers and small
steamers for scouting duty. .
"The Russian Government warned
the governments of Germany, Den
mark and Great Britain of the inform
ation in its possession and asked that
special precautions be taken to keep
the track of the squadron clear of com
mercial vessels. Germany and Den
mark both responded. Denmark sent
a warship with the squadron and
warned off a number of fishermen and
coasting craft. Before leaving Skagen,
Admiral Rojestvensky received further
specific information stating 1 that four
Japanese torpedo-boats, accompanied
by a collier, were waiting west of Cape
Skagen. The Baltic squadron left in
the merning and the Japanese, in order
to make a nisht attack, were obliged
to follow and catch up with the war
ships in the North Sea."
The letter says that Admiral Rojest
vensky was detained outside of Brest
to wait for orders and then proceeded
to Vigo. . o/Li^.:;
The Russian ships did not stop either
to assist or to inquire if assistance were
needed. Such proceeding at night time,
the letter says, would have been entire
ly too hazardous.
of October 21. according to this letter.
Admiral Rojestvensky received a wire
less message from the transport Kamt
chatka saying there was trouble 1 with
her machinery, "that she was thirty
miles in the rear and asked whether
the squadron would await her arrival
or proceed.
Then came a numbe? of wireless mes
sages, in Russian, also signed Kamt
ehatka. asking the squadron's where
abouts by latitude and longitude, es
pecially where the battleships Orel and
Kniaz Souvaroff were. These messages
excited suspicion and the flagship re
plied, asking the names- and the num
ber in the family of a certain officer on
beard the Kamtchatka. Thereupon the
messages stopped. It was 12:65 o'clock
that night, the writer continues, when
the squadron saw a green flare, such
a3 Is used by vessels in distress, evi
dently a signal asking the squadron to
stop and assist; Soon, thereafter a
searchlight was thrown on the Russian
vessels by a vessel supposed to be ac
companying the Japanese torpedo
bcats. This made the squadron a plain
target for attack.
At the same time the Russians made
out the forms of two torpedo-boats in
the darkness to one side. Searchlights
were immediately thrown from the
squadron on the strange torpedo-boats,
and they instantly darted ahead at full
speed. The squadron opened fire and
the boats came under the guns of the
Orel, Kniaz Souvaroff and the Borodino.
It is thought that one was sunk. Mean
time the squadron got entangled with
the trawler fleet, which was displaying
no lights, flags or signals. Admiral Ro
jestvensky.. however. , de6i>ite the fact
that some of them were close enough
to do serious damage had they had evil
intentions, signaled*' the squadron to
stop firing. Some of the trawlers were
then close under the bows of the squad
ron.
' ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 5, 2:40
a. na.— Great relief is felt in view of
reports Infilcaur-s^ that the Japanese
assaults 03 Port Arthur have been un
successful A direct report from the
Russian Consul at Cfcefu says he has
received information from Chines*
sources th.^t the Japanese finally re
linquished the attempt on November 3,
the Mfkada's birthday, after losing
cromouslj-. The Consul cays the
carnaxe ¦was awfuL The bombard
ment costbsxed six days without inter
mission. Tne Japa-cese breached and
took Fort No. 3. bet. according to the
Chinese, were forced to abandon it
cx-i~g to the concentrated fire from
the supporting' fortincations.
No cenirmation has been received
tere cf the report that General Stoes
eel was wounded.
Ar:o^g hi£h oScers at the War Of
fice, where the true conditions inside
the fortress cf Port Arthur are known.
General Stoesswl's ability to hold out
agrair^t the efforts of the Japanese
concentrated about it during the last
ten days is regarded as marvelous," but
no coriie-cre In the ultimate result is
?niertai^ed. OScers have been pre
pared to hear that the fortress had
eallea.
The casualties of the Japanese are
reported to be enormous. A belief pre
vails that the Russian warships will
make another attempt to escape.
?
QUIET AT PORT ARTHUR.
irg Shanghai to-<!ay say* that the
northern portion of Bast Kekwan
Mountain, at Port Arthur. Mi* been
captured by the Japanese, who hold it
under a furious Russian fire. A fort
on the isser line of^ defenses was de
stroyed by the explosion of a magazine
on November Z.
After Bombarding Port Arthur for
Six Days Soldiers of the Mi
kado Discontinue the Attack
Member of the Baltic Squadron
Gives a New Version of the Fir
ing Upon the British Trawlers
JAPANESE SUFFER ENORMOUS LOSSES
CREFF. Xot. 4. — Information has been brought by Chinese that the six dajs of bombardment and desperate
efforts on the part of the besiegers to take the fortress of Port Arthur ceased on Thursday. The Japanese took
fort No. 3. but were unable to hold it. The Japanese losses are reported to be enormous.
BIG SIEGE GUNS ARE SILENT
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER . 5.' 1904.
?2.00 buys \ a* card index 1 drawer, »00
record cards ; and 25 rnlde 'cards./ Loose
leaf ledgers, price books and sood prJht
tnac Sanhnra. VjlU ic Co, 741 Market «.•
Card Systems and Cabinets.
;.O MORE DUMPING OX EATFARil
ROAD-— Alarneda. Nov. 4.— The City Tnist»«s
practically <f*vf<i«<i to-nljarbt »» protolWt ti»«
baaltrrjr by" Oakland scavengers -of tlie-r»fns«
of 'that city and damping' tt>« jam* i!cc? t&e
Bay F^rm Island road, aa it *u 1 menace
. to health.
PARIS, Nov." 4:-^Paul de Cassagnac.
the prominent Bonapartlst Deputy and
journalist . and once the " most famous
duelist "in France, died " suddenly to-^
night;'/ -
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~ m m ¦ ¦ - 1 . -I.,. -._,.,
aaaas
I-^b^vj re
soap responds to water in-
stantly; washes and rinses
off in a twinkling. - ;
It is the finest toilet soap
in all the world.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
GlTl) UKA3.VV »T. KstabtfshVl
In Z%34 tor the trestorat «.f [¦rt*«ti«
:¦.—;«»<•». Lswt M»m_i<vi«i. Debility or
'¦"..•*•»»•- »»iritfou bodyaad nittxt and
Skin D;«-*-r« Th# Doctor hi-w« I, »n
otb*TS fait. Try him. «1iarinr" low.,
« ¦ rr-» ;»r»lrr<. Call or wnie.
Dr. J. *. iilBDO>.t»j Frviaco. C*i 1
t
The bertor clss* of drujrjnsta, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devotes their lives to the welfare oi their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of knowD value, in accordance with physicians* prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-clas3 pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Fig3 13 an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of tha Company— California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of cold3 and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficiaMn its effects aa
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction. _
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, hers and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit Such preparations
sometimes have the name — " Syrup of Fig3 w — or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never .have the full name ox
the Company — California Fig Syrup CoT— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer pa^se3
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or u Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate a3 to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do bo with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians 1 prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, bnt as exceptions
exist i i3 necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to returfi the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class ot
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the'best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
FREE FREE, FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
WANT, ADS.
A; Full-sized Package of
ALLEN'S
BOSTON -BROWN BREAD
FLOUR.
Simple; to Prepared ;
Delicious in Flavor.
A New England Breakfast. v
Free With' Every Small Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
Sec Small"' Ad ;Page ior Further
. "...^ - , "V - : .J
ADVKKTTCTPM i-' Vis..
"^vThePen thai
Itself V
y^*^ft^a^3»?MiTAi. baa
Does not sail the fingers either whan
T^ing filled or when being nsei. Al-
ways ready for instant ns«. Flows
freely all the time. The perfect foun-
tain pea. Once you try It you win
have no other.
S«e our lines ot Cutlery, faiclndfay
rood Pocket Knives and Razors aa low
as 81 .OO. Fine Carvers in seta.
Shears and Scissors. Popular prices:
KAZOS STROPS — From SOc Up,
Razors ground and boned/ Hoslnx.
SPECIAl — Full line of Lfcan Laid
No. 5 Envelopes, white, regular price
69c a box. reduced to 25c
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
. F. W. PITTS. Tna Stationer.
1008 XAUXT STJUUtT. OVP. TtttX
SAN FRANCISCO.
EVEiyLlAI£VARRANTED
IPADTgp'd CCHE SICK BEaDACTE.
sprrriE Geboik Must Sea:
g IVER Fsc-Simile Sigratur*'* ", "Summit', Saow'" floUr.oh^salefatrblson
MvkeC 915 : Marketr* streetAfe^:^;*' • ': s
I'orprd Cierrlaiul's.Name io. Check.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 4. — Charles
Ihlttrom. who pleaded entity to forR
inR ih<- iKt im- of ex-President Cleve
land te» a check for a small sum. was
rlveo six months In the county, prison.
He wu fo/raerly, employed as a
coachman by : Cleveland, i
Cnllfonilaruo in New , York.
NEW YORK.. Nov.-4.— The follow
in«;. Calif ornians arrived "in New. York
to-day: f-* ' ; ;
Fromt San Francisco— P: E. iGolin
8ky!*at. the - Alponquln: H. " Ktfplnn, at
the Park'Avehue'Hotel; E.'-M. : Schloss,'
at) the/ Martha Washington^ C.,: H.
Sherman and wife and Miss J. B.'Sher
roan. at* the. Algonquin: A. G.; Free-i
man, ,at the"«Hoff man; , Miss ; E. Messer,
at " the Pnrk Avenue;" Dr. > D. . F.
Kapan. at the . Hoffman House;
C. A. Stewart andMiss M. Stewart, at
the Gilsey House; V H; s Bahlsi 'at ; the
Herald Square; JH.'/a. Bartels, at the
Belvedere: . .G. : HeldebrAn, ., at • :,the
Broadway Central;? J.-H.; Jones,* at^the
Hotel Waicntt.^aSMMBJBWMMttfeaig
WfihliiiK Imitation.-.
And all thnt Is oxclusivn and best In so
cial *nicnivlng at Sanborn & Vall's.* Social
corresponJence papers in exclusive
brands. Fashion a latt-at approved styles
tn calltnc cards. 7«1 Mnrk.t street. •
BAN FRANCISCO VISITORS
AT THlv ST. LOUIS FAIR
People IVom This City U"ho Have
Recently Rrci»trred ot tho Cal
tfornla Hulldlns.
ST. LOUIS?. Nov. 4. — The, following
Ban* Franciscans have recently regis
tered at the California building at th«
World's Fair:
K. P. Jenntnct. Mr*. T. I. Hojd»w*rth. M.
t:rann*i Q. U. Her>"»»». J. Burner «n.l wife,
1. liurhlrr. K. M. Johnatoa and wlf». T. llor
n«, Mr» J. M. I»oeatMl#. C. Krr*trtn. C. Dlck
«•««. J. N Thnma*. r. Klmball. Mr*, n. O'COn.
»i«t. J. A, Ttiomrwui. l». C nUnknmn. O. C
Ztnkman. J. r. Unmchoud. K. K. Kllham, T.
Unldfwcrth. PYed Hart 8. Lennttno. K. Gal-
Ucher. II. II. Unch. K. 8. Ctprlco and wife.
Taconia al New York for Hcpnii's
NEW i'ORK, Nov. 4.— -The cruiser
Tacoma arrived here to-day from San
Juan. Porto Rico. She will go to tho
navy yard - to undergo necessary re
pairs. • i
Will • Manage PusHOngor Depurtnient
ST. PAUL. Minn.. " v. 4. — W. W.
King, who was for ten years general
passenger agent of the Burlington In
Chicago, has been selected for the
head of the pajssenger department of
the Trans-Pacific Great Northern
steamship service, which will be in
augurated in December. King will
have bis lieudqitarters lrr Seattle.
hlx of Them Aixmsrd of Rrlnjc in U>e
< oimtrj for Unlawful
CHINESE WOMEN UNDER
ARKICST AT TII12 FAIR
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 4.— Six Chinese
women, who have been connected
wlih » concession on the Pike of the
World'* Fair. «rp« arre.«trd by Immi
gration Inspector A. C. RMgeway to
d«y on warrants charging them with
bfing in ihis country for. unlawful
purpose*. Ho Hunir. who attempted
to end her life last night because she
preferred ri'Mth to returning to China,
svbs among those arrested.
BELGIAN KIMi HONORS
"bishop henry gabriels
OUDKNSBURG. N. Y.. Nov. 4. —
Right Kev. Henry Gabriels. Bishop of
the Catholic diocese' of Ogdensburg,
h«« received from King Leopold of
Brlfrfum "the decoration of the Order
of L*6pold, founded by the flrst King
"of Belgium, in recognition of his ser
vice to the church and state and im
migrants in America.
Robbers Blow Open Safe In Bank.
BUFFALO. N. _Y.. Nov. 4. — A spe
cial from Warsaw, N. Y.. Bays the saf*
of James L. Blodgett at Hermitage
was blown open- and from $25,000 to
$30,000 stolen. - Blodgett -has conduct
ed a private bank for the last four
years. Another dispatch says - Blod
gett declined to state hi? loss, but it
Is- generally believed a -very substan
tial sum was taken.
WESTERVIIXE. Ohio.- Nov. 4.— Dr. Le-»i,
Bockwalter was in«ujurat»d pre«f<Jeut * of
Otfrbein University to-day.
3Ian Who Attempted to Hold Up An
other for Fun Shot to
Death.
SPRINGFIELD. 111., Nov. 4. —
James M. Maxwell, president of Local
Union No. 73, United Mine "Workers
of America at Verden, has been shot
and killed by Thomas Hall, a bartend
er, as the result of a practical joke.
Hall was returning home after;clos
ing the s 'ion, through . North Park,
when Maxwell, for, a Joke." stepped
from behind a tree and > ordered -Hall
to throw up his hands, r Hall dcew *
revolver and shot Maxwell in the
stomach. Maxwell, who* lived for sev
eral hours, said he did not blame
Hair for shooting him.
KFLIiED AS THE RESULT
OF A PRACTICAL JOKE
Cut In Dititli'mls Mny lie fiecctgary,
uk It Tluvutms to Fall to
. NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— The surplus
of the United States Steel Corporation
may fall to $50,000,000 on December
31 next and will not exceed that sum,
it is suld, if the corporation at the
year's end makes allowances (or sun
dry purposes. Some of the best steel
men in the country, who are also di
rectors of the steel corporation, favor
increasing the surplus to not less than
(100.000.000 before renssuming the
common stock dividend nubilities nnd
at least one director has expressed
himself in favor of reducing the divi
dend on the preferred stock until such
time as the surplus, may reach $100,
000,000. . It Is reported to-day that
the dividend may be reduced to & per
cent. ;-'-V.v-s*i.\
• Dr. Y. Watanube of Tokio is at the
Palace.
J. H. Topley, a druggist of Vallejo,
la at the Grand.
State Senator Thomas Flint and wife
are at the Palace.
F. J. Tetreau, a merchant of Eu
reka, is at the Grand.'
Colonel E. A. Forbps of Marysville
is staying at, the Grand. . . ' •
• A. H. Stone, a prominent resident of
Boston, arrived at the St. Francis yes
terday. rKi
Henry Crawford of Belfast. JEreland.'
Is visiting: this city and .staying at. the
Palace.
L. J. Rose Jr.. a well known fruit
grower of Oxnard, is registered ut the
Palace. , , •
D. J. McFall. a well known mining
man of Nevada (City, is registered at
the Grand. , _ , , ¦- ;
William Graham, an-oil magnate of
Santa Barbara, nnd his wife are guests
at the St. Francis!
\ Dr. and Mrs. .A. H. f. Ticket t of Ne
vada City are among^ trie.!- latest ar
rivals at the Palace.; ? -
William P. Hammon.'.who lsat-the
head of .the big dredging enterprise at
Oroville...is at the Palace.,'' • •
' John-Morrisey. manager of the* Or
pheunj,~^departed yesterday for.' St.
Louis, "where he will meet" his -wife
and return with her to this city.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Occidental was Mrs. Concha S. de
Tirion of Guatemala, who has been
pent to this country by that Govern
ment for the purpose of studying edu
cational methods.'.!./
Valentine Brisaut of Brussels, one of
the most distinguished lawyers of BeN
glum and a lecturer in the University
of Loubaine, 'arrived here yesterday
and. is staying at the St. Francis. Bri
5aut's mission to, this country -was 'a
dual one. He was delegated" by the
King of Belgium as his' rep'resentfttive
to the International Arbitration Con
gress and to later make a tour. of the
United States for the purpose of study-
Ing the legal" relations between "church
and state. The distinguished. s visitor
came West by way of, Los Angelep,
where he was the guest of Bishop.Con
aty... - ¦ . . • . . ¦¦¦' .' . ¦-'-,¦¦',
PERSONAL.
STEEL TRUST'S} SURPLUS
SHOWS HEAVY DECLINE
BY SALLY SHARP.
To brisk note* in cadence beating.
Glanced their many twinkling feet.
And nt 'Grt-enway*f< cheery bidding
Down the smart set sat to eat.
— With apoloKles to Byron.
Shades of Semiramis, queen " of ' the
gorgeous, could ye but"have swept, your
eye over the Greenway ballroom last
night," with its fair" women and brave
men, set in a paradise of green and
bloom and topaz light; with music
floating' from n bower of woodland
brakes, wrecked forever would _have
been your vision -of Nineveh's- glory.
Early came the guests, with "Here's
to your birthday, Ned," tripping lightly
from every tongue. In the maple and
marble rooms the feast was spread.
And here in truth was a feast of flow
ers run riot— American beauty roses
and larkspurs at one table, madrone
berries and autumn leaves massed on
another,- golden chrysanthemums
Hanked by maple leaves at a" fourth,
Bermuda lilies and pink carnations at
another — all under silken shades of the
blossoms' hues, sending abroad a mys
tic blend of color seen In a summer
sunset.
But those were merely externals— the
emphatic feature of the feast was its
rare goodfellowship. Toasts? 'Tis said
they were clever; but why not, under
the spell of roses and wine and r fair
women?
After the dinner, to which more than
a hundred were bidden, came the great
Greonway ball of 1905— officially known
as; the Friday Night Club dance.
HEALTV EVERYWHERE.
. The ballroom was garlanded with
thin ropes of green, a gigantic basket
of chrysanthemums falling from the
center. Round about it swung, fouo
great triangles of bamboo, from, which
hung yellow silken lanterns, holding
oriental symbols. It was through these
that'the topaz light filtered, finding its
tone crystallized in silken, sashes at
each, pair of Ivory pillars, holding, in
.place three great wreaths of madrone.
The effect of this tandem of wreaths
around the ballroom was a striking
feature, likewise the primrose balloons
swinging sfhuously in the far corners.
, The. muslc-^-whlch was distinctly
Greenway music— floated out through
an- Amazonian jungle ;of palms.
And the. gowns— ah! Here, was a rev
elation in truth. and v some mighty
stunning women wore them.
! HANDSOME GOWNS.
AmonB these, gathered at random,
were the following
Ml.«s Helen de Young, In spangled gauze and
duchease lace.' v • . :
Miss.. Hager, rainbow chiffon and Iridescent
sequins.' .
"- Miss McNutt. pink and white' striped gause.
-Mrs. Newhall, white gause with medallions
of point lace., -..• - - . : .
/ Miss Carol Moore. ' white- embroidered mull,'
carrying orchid*. . ..---, '-¦"
Mrs. J. c. Wilson, blue silk net. .. ;
/-Mrs. Ames.. pink silk, with Insertion of point
d'esprlt. wreath of pink roses." ;-. r- .. .
Miss Pearl Lander* blue iridescent spangled
gauze,; pearl necklace..- ¦" . ,
: ¦ Mn.'.Wllliam .Thomaa. point Uc« gown, , peart
"necklace. * ¦ .. • : • . ¦
- Miss Harrison, V gowned * in pink* embroidered
grenadine, shower bouquet of lilies of the val
ley. ¦-•.¦..'¦• ¦:••: ';.;¦:¦ '.¦' '
Miss Langhorne. white ctlk gauze and white
satin..-, •- ¦ ¦¦ ¦,.-,'-¦_ : -. .-,.-...¦ ¦ : ;
¦ ••• Mlas ' Brewer, with sown of richly embroi
dered"mous;ellnede'sole:<.over .white silk,*, was
charming. .The, .trimmings ,wero of pink rosea
and forget-me-nfl'ts, feitooned about the bodice.
. ¦• Mrs. ' Newhall Vl - was :: handsomely : garbed :¦ In
Jeweled and ; embroidered - laeo over, pink crepe,'
with' collar of pearls and diamonds.. . „
' Miss ; Ethel Hager was ' a - striking picture . In
black spangled lace over red si lie Jui&&!&Sglt£
. Mis* Jane Wll.thlre was a dainty picture In
embroidered pink mouserellne - de sole over pale
pink silk. - . -. ¦ r J .%, v.'- ,- ' - '. ¦ i '- ¦- '
Mi5s< Tallant .wore a , yellow' silk . slip, with
trimming of duchesse lace,: which was becom
ing to her dark b»a.uty. ' . " -
Miss Mary 'Wllcox> was -gowned In embroi
dered ptnk chiffon over white satin..
. Ml:«,Berrr. black xpangled gown. >'. .
OTHER \ P AIXTYi ROBES."
Miss Mtrgaret Hyde-Smith's gown- ot pink
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 4.-'-Thta morning a boy
discovered the body of a man lying at the
foot of a cllft In Row Canyon. -A receipt for
an express package found on the body bean
the name of L. O. Bryan. The package was
sent to J. R. Kelly." Arcade depot. Los Angeles.
I-lxpects Soon \.o Be Able to Re
sume Work at the State
Department.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 4.— The con
dition of Secretary Hay, who has been
confined, to the house with a cold, has
improved greatly and he expects to
resume work at the State Department
the first fair day.
CONDITION OF SECRETARY
HAY IS IMPROVED GREATLY
chllton, . with pink . rest ttes, was attractive and !
dainty. . ¦ .
Miss JolU He wore embroidered mull over blue
satin. . . • ... .... .
Miss Sophie Borel, in spangled white a.tttn,
was. a eharmhjg picture.- . .
. Mrs. J. D» Sprt'ckels Jr.. in embifbidered
moussellne over yellow, looked radiant -and
strikingly handsome.
Miss Drawer wore white silk wlLh lace slip.
Miss Bessie Wilston. in silk lace overdress,
w<» becomingly eowned.
Miss JossHyn. In lemon-tinted crepe de chine,
was !>leture*nu«».
Mrs. Hi M; A. Miller was handsomely
gowned. In white appllqued panne velvet.
Mrs. Langhorne looked stately In black and | .
white rtriped grenadine over white 'satin. ;
- Miss -Lucy. King, In embroidered silk gren
adine with belt of green satin, wag effectively
rownod.
Mrs. Hyde-Smjth was gowned In gray ac- ;
cordlon-rleated chiffon. ;
Mrs. J. A. Freeman wore appllqued lace i
over white satin. I
Mrs. Irwin was magnificently gowned In I
white silk crepe, over which was a heavily !
beuded white net. Her collar of pearls and *
diamonds wag (uiperb. J
Mrs. James L. Flood. In blue embroidered I
crepe and chiffon, with necklace, tiara and |
girdle of diamonds, was most striking-. »V;. ,
IJST OF INVITED GUESTS. 1
The following members of the •
smart set were bidden to the dance:
Mrs C. O. Alexander. Miss Elizabeth Allen. '
Miss Ruth Allen. Mr. and Mrs. Worthlngton I
Ames. Mr. and Mrs. Frank B. Anderson. E.
ltnvmend Armsby. Mr. and Mrs. L. S. Adams.
Miss Helen J. Bailey^ Mr. and Mrs. Wake- .
field Baker, Thomas J. Barbour. Lloyd Bald- ]
win. Lieutenant John F. Uabcock, Miss Flor- •
ence M. Bailey, R. C. Berkeley, Miss Berry, ;
MIfr Edith Berry. Thomas C. Berry. Mrs. j
Jessie L. Patton Berry, Miss Leontine S. Blake- '
man. Dr. and Mrs. James A. Black, s Miss ,
Sophie Borel, MIm Alice Borel. Mr. and Mrs.
W. B. Bourn, Bourn. Hamilton Bowie.
R. Bocquerax. Dr. and Mrs. E. E. Brownell,
Mijs Ysabel Brewer. W. S. Burnett. Mrs. Reg- \
lr.ald Brooks, Mr. and Mrs. James Hall Bishop.
Miss Carolan. Mr. and Mrs. Francis Carolan.
Ml»* LIndu Cadwalader.' Miss Ellen H. Cha
hot. Mies Chesebroush. Arthur S. Chesebrough. '
Mr. and Mrs. Warren D. Clark, Miss Ethel
Cooper Miss Natalie Cotnn, Miss S. G. Cole
man Mies Lucy G. Coleman. Mr. and Mrs. J
Robert L. Coleman. E. J. Coleman, Mrs. James
Coffin F. "H. Coon. Oscar F. Cooper, Steuart
W. Cotton. Mr. and Mrs. William H. Crocker.
Carter Cu*hman, G. L. Cadwalader, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles W. Clark.
v Miss Edna Davis. Miss Ethel Dean. Miss de
Young. Miss Constance de ¦ Young. - C. ds <
Gulgne. Mis* de Gulgne, Miss J.. de-GuIgne.
Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Dlmond. Mr. and Mrs. D.^
Drysdale. Mrs. T. Wain-Morgan Draper, Miss i
Elsa r K." Draper, Mr. and Mrs. Wlllard , N. ,
Drown,. Miss Drown. Harry S. Dutton. Miss
Gertrude Dutton, Mr. and Mrs. Henry F. 1
Dutton.
Thomas Easttand. Miss Gertrude Hells. Miss
Dorothy Eelrs. Robert M. Eyre. Eugene M. ,
Farnham, George . R. Field. Mr. and/ Mrs.' •
James L. Flood, Miss Flood. E. Courtney Ford, ,
Mrs. A . W . Foster, " A . ' W . Foster ' Jr., '' MIm (
Mary F.^ Foster, Misa Anna N. Foster. Mr. ,
and Mra.- T. C. Frledlander. Mr. and Mrs. J.
Eugene Freeman, W. C. do Fremery, Christian
Froellch. -
Dr. and Mrs. Alexander Garceau. AV. Frank
Goad, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Grant, Spencer
Grant. Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Greer. Fred !
A., Greenwood, Miss .Greeaoush. Mrs. C. W. [
Godey. Mr. and Mrs. Frank W. Griffin. ;
Mr. rand Mrs. Downey Harvey. Miss Anita,
Harvey, Samuel n.'IIamlUon, Eugene E. Hew- ¦
lett.' Mrs. William F.Herrla. Mlssi Herrtn.
Edward W. Howard, Mis^ France* S. Howard,
William E. Hough. Mr. and Mr*. Robert G.
Hooker. Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Hobart. J.
R. Howell. Sybil Hodges. II. M. Holbrook. E.
W.' Hopkins. Dr. A. .W. Hewlett. .. .
..Mrs. Iver», Mr. and Mrs. William .G. Ir
¦wln.- "">-¦¦• '..,..¦••• 5. -. . *.,
.-. Paul, "C .Jones, -.Herbert Jones. « Mrs,
Charles Jowelyn, Miss Jowelyn,. Miss Ger
trude Josselyn, Mi*s Marjorie Josseljm,' Miss
.Virginia JolUffe, Miss Gertrude Jolllffe. Carl
Jones.r . ... ' " »"
Mi«s Azalea Keyes, Joseph L. King Jr.,-Al
len T. Kittle. Mlas Kittle, John Casper Kittle.
Percy I*. King. Miss Lucle King. Mrs.' Homer
8. • King. Miss King, 'Miss Hazel King. Frank
B. King:, Mr. and Mrs: ¦ Samuel K night. Mr. .
and Mrs. Frederick Kohl. Mr. and Mrs. C. R.
Krauthoff.
'-¦ Mn>. G. L. Lansing. Misa Mary E, Lang
horne, Mrs Jame» P, Unghornf, John Law
soc. J.'. B.' Landfleld. Miss Pearl Landers. M. j
S. : Latham.' : Miss " Loughborough, John M. ;
Lewis. George Lewis.*. Norman B. • Llvermore.
Miss Llvermore, > P.. H.- Lombard. - ¦ . ;
-¦?" Mrs. ¦ Eleanor . Martin, ;^ Mr.* and" Mrs. Waiter
S." Martin.* Knox ¦ Maddox. Mr. ¦ and Mrs. . A: S.
Macdonald, Miss SaJlie Maynaxd. Mr.' ar.d
Mrs." G. -'A.', Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Edward J.
McCutchtn. - Mr. ; and Mrm. C. K. Melntosh,
Mrs. k George B. McAneny. : Mr. '¦ and • J Mrs.
Latham McMullln. Mr. and Mrs. F. W. * Me-
Near. ;- Miss , Ruth McNutt,7 Ernest L. . McCor-"
mlck.^ Edwin McAfee. Mr. and Mrs. G. • H.
Mendell Jr.. John Hubert M*e. Mr. , and Mrs.
H. ; M. A: MUtoiV' Miss Carol Moore. Mr. - and
Mrs.. J." J. • 'Moore. '= William Truxton Morris.
Duvat ; Moore. Mr. and • Mrm. E. v : B. ' Murphy.
Dr.;F.vW."McNutt; Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Ma
pee. : Lieutenant Robert F. ? M cMillan. Mr. and
Mrs.'- Percy P.< Moore.* Maxwell McNutt.- ." .•>:>..
Mr. and* Mrs." W. MaroTNewhsJl. A. M.
Newhall,'^ Mr. ; and i Mrs.! George -Aimer New-
halt, Mr.~and°Mre. 'J.'^.'K.-NuttalT. v
Captain and Mr*. J. S. Oyster. Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Oxnanl, Frank. L. O*en. ¦
Mrs. John I'arrott, Miss Emtlie Parrott. Ml«#
Abby Parrott. Mrs. Louis B. • Parrott. Miss
Parrott, William D. ¦ Page, Mlsa Maud L.
Payne. Mr. and Mr*Edfrar T>. Petxotto. <IIs»
Majtlta Pease. James D. Phelan. Mr. and Mrs.
H. V. Pillsbur>-. Mrs. Ira Pierce.
Roy M. . Pike. Mr. and Mrs. George
A. Pope. Misw Amy Porter. Mrs. Carter
P. Pomeroy, Ml** Christine M. Ponieroy. Mrs.
Ashton Potter. Mrs. J. W. Philip. Covington
Prtngle. John H. Polhemus.
Miss Qulnnn. . -
G. L. Rathbone. James W. Reid. Fred Rels
Jr.. Mrs. William P. Redlnyton. Miss Reding
ton. l.ioyd M. Rnbblnif. H. N. Roasseau. Gas
ton E. Roussy, Dr. Tracy G. Russell, Miss
Rorers. ¦ .
fldney Salisbury. Sherril Schell. Mrs. P. W.
Selby. Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott. MIs»
Selby, Dr. Edmund D. .Shortlidge; Miss Edith
Simpson. W. II. Smith. Jr.. Mrs. Hyde Smith.
Miss Gertrude Smith. Miss Margaret Smith.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr.. Miss Grace
Spreckels. Mr. and Mrs. Harry Spencer. Mr.
and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, Harry N. Stetson,
Hon. and Sirs. Francis J. Sullivan. Miss Alice
Sullivan. W. B. Sanborn.. Leigh Sypher, Dr.
and Mrs. Grant Selfridge. "
Mr. »nd Mrs. F. W. Tallant. . Mrs. John D.
Tallant. Miss Elste Tallant. Mr. and Mrs. W.
H. Taylor Jr.. -Mr. and Mr«. Augustus Tay
lor. W. W. Thurston, Mr. and Mrs. William
Thoma«. Mrs. A. N". Towne. Miss Maybelle
Toy. Philip W. Totnpklnsi, E. J. Tobln. J. O.
Tobin Mr. and Mrs. Vs. B. Tubbs. Bevertey
Tucker. BerlinK Tucker. John W. Twlggs, Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph S. Tobin. .
Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voorhies.
' Miss Mabel A. Watklns. Arthur B. "Watson.
Mrs. Cyrus Walker. Miss Helen L. Wagner.
Miss Florence Whltteir. George H. Whlpple,
Mr. and Mrs. . J. C. Wilson. Miss Bessie WU
scn. Miss Bcrnlce Wllaon, Lieutenant
and ' Mrs. Emery Wlnshlp. Captain F.
U Wlnn. Mr. and Mr». M. S.
Wilson. Wr W. Williams. Miss Etelka
Wllliar E. A. Wilts*. Mrs. Russell J. Wil
son. Mias Emily Wilson. Misa Charlotte Wil
son, Mi«s WHfhir*. Mlfs Mary K. WUcox. Al
¦ fred H. WIlcox. Mr. and Mrs. Clinton E. Wor
; den. Major Wlnshlp.
1 John Z«lle.
A OnOUP OF WITCHING- MAIDS AND MATRONS OP SAX FRANCISCO'S SMART. SET AVHO DANCKD AT THE FRIDAY . NIGHT
CLUfi'S ASSEMBLY. AN AFFAIR THAT IS DESTINED TO GO DOWN IN THE ANNALS OF SOCIETY AS THE SMARTEST
FUNCTION EVER GIVEN IN THIS CITY. • • ¦
GOVERNOR OF AIU'AONA
MAKING INVESTIGATION
i:\fvutnc Vlstta Scene of Ilncrnt
>«-nrnlal In Couixvtloii With the
«.otliniii I'diimllliix A-ylum.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 4. — Governor
Ilrodle of Arizona is now in Clifton
and Morenci investljratlnir the scandal
ensulnx from the placing of orphan
children from the New York Found
liriK Asylum, a Catholic Institution, in
private famllle*. The report that he
han been commissioned by President
lloosewlt to «elre the children is
» rroncou*.
It i* learned that Governor Brodle
«w In Washington »t the time the
trouble occurred and the President re
quested him to investigate and report,
thouph not in an official capacity.
After returning: homo he submitted a
partial report of the matter and is now"
making a further personal Investiga
tion. It ts further l*Jirned that all but
fourteen of the children were taken
back by the Catholic officials and these
fourteen were placed in Rood families
who «re now trying to adopt them.
FATAL PIGIIT FOLIXUVS
REBELLION OF LAUOHKRS
Italian-. |«r Knives I'pon Their
Foreman, Who Ilcplirs
With a Gun.
ROCHE8TJ5& N. Y.. Nov. 4. — At
lmst one man was killed and two or
three other* fatally Injured in a riot
n«ar here to-day. A man named
Dean, foreman of a construction grans
f>r a trolley company, ordered hi*
men. all Italians, to get Into a rwamp.
They refused because -they had no
high boots. Dean Insisted. This
an;r«r*<! the men. who attacked him
wjth knives. De«n began shooting at
the men." One' Italian was Instantly
klKrd. another fatally wounded, and it
h thought there is another dead Ital
ia:) «n the swamp. Dean, it is Raid,
cennot live. t ">-«:
American Consul General
nt Tangier Keports on
Prevailing Lawlessness
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.-<:onsul
(•"em-ral Hoffman Philip report* to the
Ktate Department from Tangier by
mail, under date uf October U». that in
Morocco, particularly In the northern
portion, there . appears to be an In
rn-aninK tendency toward lawlewn*.*"
nnd dlrrrgard of authority amonn the
rfMicsji tribe*. From the pouth, where
th«- people heretofore have be«»n more
loyal than In the north, newi has be«»n
received of serious disturbance*.
FlKhtlnn ha? taken pluce » between
two powerful chief j between Mogadnr
and Morocco City. One chief wan
placed in. control of a large *«»ctl<m of
the country by order of the Sultan and
the other rebelled when i«up<*r»ed«»d and
refused to obey !})•• Sultan's summons
to Morocco City.
The follower* of the pretender have
renewed their activity In the north and
east and there haa been much fighting
In the nHKhborhood pt the French
frontier. The Important town of J-uk
<1h ha* hem besieged and 1* reported
to have bern taken by the rebel* ow
ing to the weaklier* of the Shereflan
forces. Fez remains quiet, but there
la great unrfnt in the region surround-
Iiik Tangier.
A part of the numerous mountain
tribe of Henl M'Sowar. reported allies
• if i:;i.-- uli. the unpunished abdurtor of
Perdirarls. made a raid on a
village in the Fahz district, about ten
rile* fro- i Tangier. Several village*
in the neighborhood went to the aid
of the village attacked. Klght or ten
men wer# killed and the raider* driven
eft. Similar disturbance* occur at In
terval* throughout thin region, the hill
tribes being the agcre*por». The roads
t f generally cloned to traffic. There
fare um yet no evidences of French In
tervention to assist In the re»toratlon
trf order.
Dainty Debutantes
Dance Away an
Toasts to Health of
Generous Host
Are Drunk; >;
Bradstreet Also Notes an
Increased Activity in a
Number of Industries
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Dun's weekly
review of trade to-morrow will say:
Business improves steadily and there is
no evidence of anxiety regarding the
future. Payments are more promptly
met. tending to stimulate preparations
for coming trade, and the disposition to
limit purchases to immediate needs is
gradually disappearing. Aside from in
flation caused by speculation there is
no better sign of commercial progress
than advancing commodity markets.*
All the leading branches of manufac
ture are in a better position. Traffic, re
ports are satisfactory, railway earnings
in October exceeding last year's by 7.6
per cent.
Foreign commerce returns at .this port
for the last week' show a gain of J7SD.
276 in exports and a loss of $297,752 in
imports as compared with 1903.
Wholesome progress is recorded in the
iron and steel industry. Limited sup
plies, maintain hides In a very strong
position, and some lines are bought on
advances. Raw wool has again ad
vanced and is an important factor in
the situation.
Commercial failures for the week In
the United Statea are 239, against 233
last week and 246 in the corresponding
week of last year. Failures In Canada
number 27. against 23 last week and 22
in the same week last year.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
Warm weather, activity in fall farm
work and to a lesser degree ante-elec
tion interviews detracted from retail
trade distribution North and West. For
like reasons jobbing sales axe rather
smaller In volume. Against this, how
ever, is to be noticed increased activity
in a number of industries, headed by
iron, steel and allied lines of manufac
ture. Resumption of work by 10.000
Eastern cotton mill hands is a feature,
but the great Fall River tie-uo con
tinues.
A very general advance In staple
prices, covering 1 a wide range of indus
try, is an event worthy of note. Re
ports from the winter wheat crop are
of an immense acreage in that cereal,
but drought and Hessian fly damage
repiwts detract from an otherwise, ex
cellent prospect in the surplus produc
ing States in th.e. West. The South
gives the best - reports as to trade.
Eastern trade reports show irregular
lty. ' ¦¦¦:"¦¦¦ . " . • " :. ¦".£•¦
Business failures In the United Statea
for the week number 200, against ISO
last week and 216 in the corresponding
week last year. In Canada failures for
the week number 20, as against 22 last
week and 19 in the like week of last
Wheat (Including flour) exports for
the week ending November 3 agrjrre-Rate
1,862.202 bushels, against 1.479.813 '• last
week and 4.340,281 last year. From July
1 to date the exports aggregate 23.934.
153 bushels, against 58.241.928 last year.
NO DELAY IX PAYMENTS
KOADS .MOSTLY CLOSED
Country Aflame With Strife
and No Attempt Is Made
by the French to Stop It
Dim Keports Improvement
in Leading Lines With
Prospects of More Growth
AT BIRTHDAY FEAST EVERYpBtOSSOM
THAT GROWS LENDS BEAUTY, WHILE
SILKEN 5HADES SHED A SUN5ET GLOW
NEVER HAS AFFAIR BEEN SO SUMPTUOUSLY PLANNED
TRIBAL WARS
STIR MOROCCO
ROSY OUTLOOK
FOR BUSINESS
GREENWAY DINNER AND DANCE AT PALACE SETS PACE FOR GORGEOUSNESS
THE: S AN FRANCISGO^GAJLL, - - SATURDAY, ; NOVEMBER 5, 1904.
4
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Full-sized Package of ¦
ALLEN'S
BOSTON BROWN BREAD
FLOUR.
Simple to Prepare.
Delicious; in Flavor.
A New England Breakfast.
Free With Every Small -Ad
!n SUNDAY CALL
See SmaT Ad Page for Further
'Particulars.
\\Vvi CM readily separates from the bones. jStJ^S I
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE |
Seasoning:— w nite fish have dry flesh, dark fleshed -fiih ; ire rich in §
oa,"but it is the sauce "that mates the fish: "Add to all |
' . sauces severalspoonfuh of Lea aL Perrins'. Sauca I
•nd the^ derired effect is initantly. obtained. 3
'. ••- '"jSi '"*¦¦ '¦"'¦- '¦"•'" JOHN DDNCANVJ0J?S,Af«tt, ; NEW TORK. |¦ RUSH IT. :Gabrl«t Prlntln* Co.. "Print Any
thlnj." 119 Sacramento st. Never disappoint."*
Wllili SPEND. LAST DAYS ',
BEHIND?; BARS OF PRISON
Aged, Boulder "Creek Murderer Is
Sent to ,. Folsom '. for
. . Twenty Years. .
SANTA : CRUZ,/ Nov. 4.— Thomas J.
Laws, 61 . years • of. age, who murdered
Ellzur s Wright "upon: the : night July
30 -six miles 'above : Boulder^ Creek,:, was
sentenced to-day : by Judge Smith to
twenty, years at Folsom.
TO SUE FOR DAMAGES.— I* : Bleakmore
yesterday v petitioned the Superior ¦ Court ; for
appointment as guardian of Everett Call, a-slx
year-old boy. *t or the purpose of suing- the San
Pedro and X.I*. Dairy, for S305 danuges. , The
lad's leic was ; broken by. befnjf run orrer by one
of the 'defendant's - mils wasons ca '. Potk' street
on sjeoWmber $0. f
The highest quotation on Homestake - Min
ing Company of Sooth ¦ Dakota . in the history
of the comptwiy was In 1601. . when the stock
sold at ¦ $104 per share- ¦ The lowest price at
which it has sold in the - past ten year? was
$10 per share In 1534. ¦ Its present - market
valae Is $55 per share. • The years of greatest
dividends were 1£93. 190O and 19O1. when each
year dividends to the amount of $6 per share
was paid. In 1902 $5 was paid, and In 1903
$3, and a similar gum • will < be . paid for 1SXM.
Dividend* ." are paid monthly of 25; cents per
share at present. The lowest price the -stock
has touched since l^SS « E in March of this
year, .when it fell to $49 50 a share. The com
pacr has paid In diridends . to date the sum
of « 12.804,550. .... ¦_ -' , . / . , ; , .,V/>
; The Mining World reports the great
fluctuations in the ¦ Homestake Mining
Company's stock as follows:
From information available they average sev
eral dollars to the cubic yard, though in local
bonanzas much higher values are obtained.
In the bench deposits lower values mar be
expected. The extensive river beds are known
to contain some gold, but are of so low value
that dredging would probably be the only
profitable m'fthod of worklnr them.
While tome of the deposits on the lower
claims of the Porcupine have been considerably
developed the greater number remain un
touched, and to obtain the greatest yield from
them . It will be necessary to combine opera
tions and work the various claims under one
management by more economical methods than
are at present employed.
Mexican Youth "of Salinas Makes Re
markable Admission in His
Plea of Gniltjr. '
SALINAS, Nov. 4.— Celestino Juarez,
who was arrested last week "for burg
lary, pleaded guilty in the Superior
Court this morning after confessing to
another robbery. He claims to be only
16, years of age and that he robs "for
the fun of It."
GETS FUN OUT OP CRIME. '.
CONFESSES BOY BURGLAR
Our Eastern selection of frames and
moldir.es for fall trade now In. Better
and more beautiful than ever before.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Picture Frames.
SAN JOSE, Nov. * 4,— In four suits
against the Bay Cities Water Company
to restrain that corDoration from di
verting the waters of Coyote. Creek, in
this valley. Judge Tuttle this afternoon
overruled the plaintiffs demurrers on
the same grounds as those recently set
forth by Judge Rhodes in a, parallel
case.
Rhodes' Decision Duplicated.
The Sllssion-Strcet Branch Y. M. C. A.
Will conduct a star course of entertain
ments, consisting of five numbers, as fol
lows: Edmund Vance Cookj po«t and
impersonator; Knickerbocker Concert
Company: Ralph Parlette, humorist;
Blanchard and Venter Concert Company
and Wallace Bruce Amsbary. •
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 4.—Safe
blowers visited the Bank of Endicott,
at Endicott, fifty miles south of Spo
kane, early to-day. They wrecked the
safe, but the explosion awakened Dr.
Asa Henry, who began shooting from
the window of another building. The
robbers fled, firing as they ran at Dr.
Henry. The $4600 in the safe was un
touched. A'DOSse of citizens has gone
in pursuit.
Noise of Explosion That Wrecks Safe
Arouses Doctor and He Shoots
at Thieves.
MONNIER CASE SET. — Jud^e Graham yes
terday set November 21 as the date for the be
ginning of the trial by Jury of the contest
against the will 06 Oeorve Monnier. Attorney-
Matt Sullivan, for George Monnier Jr., made
an effort, for farther delay, bat George D.
Citllns, attorney for the widow. Anna Monnier.
successfully opposed the plea for more time.
BURGLARS' PLANS FOILED
BY A XERVY PHYSICIAN
Send your name and address on a pos
tal and we will deliver you a sample
sack of "Summit Snow Flour** at home,
free of cost. C. A. Hutton & Co., room 4,
133 Spear street, San Francisco. *
Free Flour.
Benjamin Astles, a workman in a
lumber yard at Fifth and -Channel
streets, was seriously injured yester
day by being caught under a load of
lumber, which tipped over from a flat
car. He. was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital, where it was found
that the right arm bones were broken,
his face was lacerated and he had suf
fered internal Injuries.
Injured by Falling Lumber.
Late in the afternoon of October 18
ten masked men, armed with -"Win
chester rifles, rode out of the timber
near his flock | and demanded that he
throw; up his hands until he could be
searched. Refusing to comply imme
diately, the rifles were leveled at him
and he was threatened with death if
he offered any resistance. -After search
ing his pockets and taking away his
revolver the herder was ordered to run
as rapidly as possible and, neither stop
nor look back until he had covered a
distance of three miles.
When only a '.few hundred yards
away he heard the shooting commence,
but he continued on hisrway. The
searching party which returned the
next day found 400 of the band lying
dead along a ravine where they had
been shot down while running from the
noise accompanying the shots. The
remainder of the band was scattered
over a distance of several miles and
the entire day was consumed in getting
the sheep ' together.
The party then followed as far as
possible the prints of the horses' hoofs,
but in the timber, where the pine
needles lay as thick as matting, these
were soon lost from sight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PRINEVILLE. Ore.. Nov. 4.— Four
hundred sheep owned .by U. S. Cowles
are the latest victims of the great
sheep war which has raged through
out South and Central Oregon for more
than a year. The sheep were slaugh
tered by ten masked men, who held up
the herder, disarmed him arid ordered
him from the scene before the butchery
began. The killing followed closely
upon the cattlemen's assertion, made
at the annual meeting of their associa
tion, that their cattle shall and will be
provided with grassing in the Blue
Mountain ranging district. The slaugh
ter occurred on Cowles' ranch at the
head erf Mill Creek, twenty-eight miles
northeast of Prineville. It took place
October 18, but news of it reached here
only to-day.
Cowles left his ranch a short time
before the raid was made and knew
nothing of the slaughter until his re
turn. The \ shooting of the sheep is
generally laid at the door of the cattle
men, who have made threats against
the sheep Interests and who ha.ve
themselves suffered by unseen hands.
Following is, the herder's story:
A stock of $15,000 worth of men's and
ladles' shoes to be disposed of at once. I
will have to do Quick work. To-day I
will sell ladled and men's J3.50 shoes for
$1/75 a pair/an of the very latest styles
in patent leather, vici kid and box calf.
$1.75 will buy you a pair at 717 Market
St.. near Third. J. Morris; Disposer. _•
Building to Be Torn Down.
Four Hundred Helpless Ani
mals Shot as Eesult of a
Fight Between Cattlemen
SHEEP KILLED
BY MASKED MEN
The Municipal Council held a stormy
meeting this afternoon and adopted
resolutions demanding that the Ital
ian department of the university be
closed and for a public funeral for
Prezzey, the artist, who was killed by
a bayonet thrust when the soldiers
charged the German students.
Herr Erler, the representative of
Innsbruck in the Reicbsrath, has tele
graphed to the Premier demanding the
removal of the Italian faculty and hold
ing the Goverment responsible for the
consequences in event of its refusal to
do so. There have been many arrests.
The rioting continued intermittently
throughout the day. The students, re
inforced by a town mob, wrecked the
Italian Club and Italian Inn. smashed
windows in the Hofburg and made a
hostile demonstration at the Italian
consulate.
INNSBRUCK, Austria, Nov. 4.— The
rioting of the students at the univer
sity here, which began yesterday, be
came so serious during the night that
troops with fixed bayonets marched
into the midst of the German demon
strators. At 2 o'clock this morning the
latter Were besieging and wrecking the
hotels occupied by the Italian students.
An artist named 'Pezzy was killed by a
bayonet thrust through the heart. The
building occupied by the Italian faculty
of the university was wrecked-
Order was restored at 5 o'clock this
morning. The troops only charged with
bayonets after the students -had as
sailed them with volleys of stones.
Altogether there were eight Germans
and ten Italians wounded.
DIPLOMAT WHO "WILL DRAW UP
AN ARBITRATION TREATT WITH
SECRETARY HAT. •
Troops Are Called Out at
Innsbruck and With Fixed
Bayonets Charge the Mob
STUDENT RIOT
GROWS SERIOUS
The Twenty-eighth Infantry went
into- the model camp yesterday prepara
tory to Its departure. Companies L and
M, in command of Captains James A.
Lynch and James Ronayne, win depart
to-morrow morning for Fort Lincoln,
North Dakota, and Colonel Pitcher
with the "other companies and the band
will leave early on Monday morning for
Fort Snelling, at St. Paul.
A great protest la going up just out
side the gates of the Presidio. The pro
test is made , by the owners of
the saloons and groceries in that
immediate locality because the
Twenty-eighth Infantry, which is on
the eve of Its departure for Eastern
posts, has not been paid off and will not
be paid off here, so that the $5000 or
thereabouts that Is coming to the regi
ment will not be spent around the Pre
sidio gates.
General MacArthur has for a long time
been trying to have the joints near the
Presidio abolished, but his efforts have
met vrkh 111 success. In the present in
stance, .with the co-operation of
Colonel W. L. Pitcher, commander of
the Twenty-eighth Infantry, he has
made a big coup. All the saloons about
the entrance to the post have been run
ning without licenses, and the city au
thorities are said to have made no ef
fort to s tor. the selling of liquors at
these places. The saloons have had a
Government revenue license, but that
is all. They have been kept open in di
rect violation and defiance of the law.
- When' General 'MacArthur found he
could not get the saloons suppressed he
decided to take the matter into his own
hands. He . certainly grabbed the bull
by the horns this time. It is reported
that " the saloons in that neighborhood
have allowed about SO per cent-x>f the
soldiers to run up bills to the full
amount of their month's pay. Now they
will be compelled to whistle for their
money and wait till the soldiers choose
to send them funds from Fort Snelling,
to which post most of them are bound.
The Twenty-first Infantry is due to
arrive earlv this morning. It will be
met at Oakland mole by the Slocum
and transDorted to the Presidio. The
regiment came in three trains. :
- WASHINGTON. Nov. 4.—Negotia
tions have been begun for a treaty of
arbitration between Germany and the
| United States. Several days ago Presl-
I dent Roosevelt suggested to Baron von
j Sternberg, the German Embassador.
i that a treaty of arbitration between
j the United States and Germany would
, in his judgment be very desirable. Em
j bassador von Sternberg coincided with
j this view and told the President that
j h.e would inquire of his Government
| what sters if any it desired to take In
. the matter.
I Late this afternoon Emhassador von
; Sternberg called upon President Roose
i velt and Informed him that the Ger
, man Government had expressed Itself
j as entirely agreeable to the President's
< proposition and that he had been di
rected to ot>en formal negotiations for
' such a treaty. These negotiations will
I be conducted by Embassador • von
| Sternberg on the part of Germany and
; Secretary Hay for the United States.
Twenty - Eighth Infant vy
Will Not Get Money Until
It Beaches Eastern Posts
Some large deals in mining rrop^rty
firf- reported, together with a fair num
ber of smaller ones. A transfer of the
Hearst estate property in JCew Mexico
is the largest that is mentioned^. The
price involved is J 1.000.000. Large
operations on the Trinity River, at the
b>-nd n*ar D^adwood, are to b° begun.
The sales of prcp«?rti<»s and the large
operations mentioned are the features
of the mining news of the week. Of
the Trinity River project the Redding
Tfc» big fcervi ia tt< Trinity River ca« mile
'- rr Lewirtcn if ts be mined for the scld
that lie* tr. th- t«d cX the river. an4 ia cr
cer to rsake the mtrtnc <"* the river pcs«:bie
a tu^n-I 13>« Je« "rd be dag through the
ncuEUla at the ceck of the bend. Through
thus tua«! the water of the river will be
convened. tfctM leaving bare the river bed
t*>e entire dtr-.ji.nce cf the b«nd, which is a
miit and a fcair.
Work ca tins gigantic scheme will begin
*X crce. a.z.£ reyreseatatlves acd cfScer* of a
Bisizc ccdpaay are now on the groucd mak
ing arrarf«=etu to begis active work.
The Trinity Rlxer at the point where ope
rations will b« begun t^akes a large bend
through the eoath half cf section S. township
S3 aertfc cf rit*e 6 west. About hali of the
channel to •¦virgin" ajmujaJ. the rest having
br^ri ccfTer darunieii cr wing dammed and
¦nwtwt The ground remaining unworked is
more than twenty feet in depth.
Ta* rivsr :er a5cut one-third of the distance
between the inlet and outlet of the proposed
tnsad n:2t tfarocck a deey. rugged ea.r.j-oa,
ard no portion cf :t ha« ever been worked.
It t> estimated that 2C40 yards is the length
of the channel, the average width being eighty
yarc* and the "average depth four yards. There
to an aggregate "of *44.S0O cubic yards.
TRANSFERS OF MINES.
The Hearst estate -mines at Pinos
Altos, N. M., have been sold to the
Comar.che Mining and Smelting Com
paxiy. The Gillette mine, the Hearst,
Thayer. Pacific. North Pacific and
ether shafts are included. The price
that is reported to have been paid is
51,000,000. A TOO-acre ranch and wa
ter right, a pipe line six miles long,
o5ce and store buildings, sixty dwell
ing-houses and surface and under
ground improvements increased the
vulue of the plant. The new company
has a 2 00-ton smelter operating at
W. F. Kippen of Spokane, Wash.,
has bonded the Buckeye group of
tn:ne« in Baker County, Oregon, for
$65,000. and also the American, an ad
jcinir.g mine, for $20,000, according
to local reports-
The Caribou mine, near Rossland,
B. C, has been bonded to M. R-
Gatasha and others for $30,000. The
n.ir.e is on the Jumbo Mountain.
The Mother Lode Banner reports
.the sale of several mining properties
as follows in Tuolumne County:
Habert sfhaw hac sold to the Garfleld-Vir-
Cinia Mining Ccnpany the Garfield extension,
*:tu»teii «c»e ten inil*s eart cf the Buchanan.
Uy a d<red q? July r»5, 1>H. C. F. lirownlee
convey* to M. P. Huston the Toledo, some
times toirs as the I^abatoure, located ten
iai>» wen cf Tuttletown.
C E. Siecartea has sold to D. Corccraa a
<>ne- twelfth interest in the Grand Plate and
ote-tweirth of or.«-third of the Bull Dcg and
ctter property in and near ESg Oak Flat.
E. U*. UoUasd ha* <i-~ -ird to G«orre VT.
M*i>e» and wife t.'.t right and title in and to
tls* M»:»"» ic Wetmcre. Oro Fino. Grace and
r>ji:te Ui=pi« Q-uartx claims and all iinprove
trccts. By a d*ed of even date for same rnn
Map** ar.d wife transfer to Kclland their ln
t»r*iti :n Surprise 1 and 2. the Good Lack
tlaizj and in certain right* of way.
The Grass Valley Union reports
that the Sultana Mining Company has
purchased the south half of the znin
i:^ claim of the Sebastopol Mining
Company, on Osborn Hill, in the Grass
Valley district. The Sultana Com
pany i« operating the Green Mountain
mine in the Grass Valley district,
¦f hich is also known as the Electric
mine.
According to the Red Bluff Peo
ple's Cause, Douglas S. Cone of Red
Bluff and Charles L. Reynolds of Red
ding, Shasta. County, have taken a
bond on the Blue Gravel mine in the
Ono region. The option was given by
John O. Smith. The Blue Gravel mine
includes the Sam Love Bar and the
Levi Davis and Modoc quartz claims.
PORCUPINE DISTRICT.
Charles W. Wright of the United
States Geological Survey has made a
report relative to the Porcupine placer
mining district in Alaska. The dis
trict is In Southeastern Alaska, near
the international boundary line. Since
the discovery of the placers on Porcu
pine Creek, in 1S98,. the gold produc
tion vf the region has amounted to
about $160,000, according to the best
available sources of information. In
part Mr. Wright reports as follows: •
The gold-bearing gravels in this vicinity
are confined . to the . few creeks and benches
lying within an area five miles wide and tes
miles long that extends from Xugget Creek
oct the Salmon to the moath ef Porcupine
Creek on the Klehlnl. - Belts of mineralized
¦lates ' Included in this area are crosscut by
the streams, and from these the gold has
be*a derived. The workable deposits vary
from twenty-five feet to several hundred feet
in width and are from a few feet to forty
feet er more in depth. The gold-producing
gravels on the Porcupine extend to the moath
ef MeKlniey Creek and up this tributary for
a distance of a mile. Os-Nngret .Creek the
Kthd i» ttmited to* the lower dalras.^SW "--:;
The creek sravels are the most valuable.
The tcrsl mineral production ef the United j
EtAtes fcr 19C3, the latest year for which com- J
r>te natUtics are available, was 51.259,639.- I
415. Of this enormous valu* $64:.25$.5S4 was I
contributed by the metals and $*il7. :>!>. S31 by |
the non-s^taHlc mineral products. If these 1
fljurea could be accented as a Just valuation i
of the relative commercial Importance of the !
twr classes It woald appear that the j metals !
had contributed 51 per cent and the ) nan- 1
roitals 43 per cent of the total. The mar- {
vclnu* growth of the American Portland !
czn>*=.' industry shows that the gold pro- !
ductlon of Cripple Creek is parallel to and '
onlj slightly above that for Portland cement. 1
while the production of Alaska daks into com- ;
paratlve insignificance. The inort surprising
part of this Increase la the cement indnstry
has been within the past eight years. A Port
land cement production valued at about 12.
5TO.0CO in 1SS«S has risen to oxer *S,000.0ro ta I
1303. I
it has no intention of going into rate-cutting
business may be accented for what the state
ment is worth; that the company will not
precipitate a competitive war with the pro
ducers of Southern California may be well be
lieved, but such assurances offer no guarantees
fcr the future — nor can it be expected that they
should. If the future should disclose a pro
duction in Kern County in excess of sales,
creating large o^iantities of oil in storage,
the Kern peos>!e will be very apt to do what
others would under similar circumstances do,
se«k to unload its accumulations, offering con
sumer* the inducement of a cut under prevail
ing- rate*. Unless the producer** in the Los
Anj?»l*«. Whittler and Fullerton fields get to
gether with the Associated Oil people oil will
be selling in a few mends in. tjos Angeles at
lower cric<!» than it is ceiling for to-day.
Attention is directed by the Los An
geles Herald to an interesting and
somewhat surprising disclosure made
by the returns of the mineral produc
tion of the T'nited States for 1903. A
part of the Herald's presentation of
facts and deductions is as fol
lows:
The purchase of the plant and real estate
ef the Oil Storage and Transportation Com
pany by the Associated Oil Company means
that the producers of Kern County have de
cided to have a slice of oil consumption In
Southern California. That the Associated Oil
Company should hasten to make known that
According to the statements of the
Los Angeles Mining Review, It may be
fairly inferred that the operations of
the Associated Oil Company are oc
casioning some uneasiness among the
oil producers in the fields that lie south
of Tehachapi. In part the Mining Re
view say's:
OIL. 3IEN UNEASY.
George A. Tweedy has been inter
viewed by the Los Angeles Herald
about the mineral belt that runs
through the Sierra Madres in Western
Chihuahua and Eastern Sonora. He
eays in substance:
While this belt is remote from transporta
tion, it Is rich in gold, generally free. The
veins are true Csstsres. as a rule, large and
numerous. The- gold is generally too coarse
for the cyanide treatment. The Mulatoe camp
Is In aboet the center of this gold belt, ex
tending northwest and southeast, a distance of.
about eighty miles each way. Among- the
prominent properties o< that belt are the Mula
tcs. Sikuayacan on the north. Trigo. Colon
and many splendid prospects. This belt Is an
excellent prc«pecting territory, and has been
neglected on account of it* remoteness from
transportation fcy railroad. Being particulariy
a rrold belt with abundant timber and water
mTScient In rnoet cases, many properties could
be worked with profit.
The Yukon World, published at Davi
son City, estimates the total gold out
put of the Klondike for the current
year at abemt 510,000,000. The returns
that had been received at the time of
making tLe estimate gave a known
total of $3,500,000 and upward. Some
claims had not reported the results of
their work. The period covered was
to the close of September. In that time
the gold exported from Forty-mile paid
royalties amounting to S53S3. The ex
ports via White Horse paid in royal
ties the sum of $21,541 30.
The San Andreas Chronicle reports
that the Thorpe mine in Calaveras
County will be reopened, a deal for
that purpose having been effected.
Work has been begun by the San An
dreas Blue Gravel Mining Company.
A contract has been signed for electric
power.
At Nashville beta the HarUah and the Mon
tezurca mires are running their mills night
and day. The Mcntexuma is running ten
starapc and the Havilah fifteen.
At the Levitt mine In Kel*;y district a
large body of ore was cut months a?o, but it
is expected that a mill will be erected en this
The Last Chance mine at Colonsa will erect
a ten-stamp mill. The mill has been purchased
and will be Installed and running in a short
The Red Haven Mining Company, on Slate
Creek sear Shingle Springs, is preparing to
commence work on the old Hunt & Kathan
circ
After several weeks of delay the. Landecker
Bill Is now nxnnins. Colonel Jacksoo, presi
dent of the company, brcug-ht in a dozen or
mere rood sized nuggets to-day which were
taken from the clulee.
The Georgetown Gazette reports
that the working plant of the El Dor
ado Copp«r Mining Company has been
increased and the 'mines that It owns
will be worked on a larger scale than
before. In the earlier days they were
good paying propertis. The Placer
ville Nugget says that there is much
activity among the. mines in El Dor
ado County.
EL DORADO COUNTY.
cre^k*. le»» than balf a mile vnt of the
Southern Pacific Railrtsad. It will b* connect
ed with :h-> main Oam by a branch railroad
that will connect | with the Southern Pacific
tr^.-k* about half a mile south of the town of
Ker.»t. The propoeetl Iocatloo or the : Mad
moth einelter is made public by the filing- of a
deed Tuesday In which Charles Butters and
wife. Jessie Butters of Alaraeda County, trans
fer eighty acres of land at the point mentioned
to A. F. HoMen. the oacagiEg director ef the
United States Minlnj Cctapany. of which the
Mammoth ccscern Is a subsidiary corporation.
The deed was executed on October IS last. Th»
consideration l.« not civen. The transfer is
made ¦with the proviso that a emelter be erect
ed on the land within one year from the date
of the Instrument.
The emetter of X» ton» dally capacity that
is to b* erected by th# Mammoth Ctspper MiB-
Imr Company to reduce th» or« of the Mam
moth cln« in th# Backboc* iistrlct will be
*recte<l b*t»«en B«ckboo« and Lttt!- Backtx^ae
Of the new smelter that is to be
erected in Shasta County the Search
light says:
The intention is to work the property
by the hydraulic process.
PAY DAY IS DEFEREED
Will Tunnel Mountains to Provide a Way to
Uncover Wealth of Golden Gravel.
Negotiations Begun
for Arbitration
Treaty.-
Dislike General MacArthur s
Efforts to Crush EvU Exist
ing at Presidio Gates
TO MINE TRINITY RIVER
LARGE PROJECT IN VIEW
AMERICA AND GERMANY
TO JOIN IN PEACE PACT
SALOON OWNERS
WANT THE CASH
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5; ,1904.
5
IN0LES1DE
COURSING PARK
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coming -will beeln at 11 o'clock abaxo asd
ecctinne until the last wlnnlss Car r=<« up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All MUstocit. ears transfer to Guerrero
cars, which so direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Judre. .
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
GRAN_DSS5Ig
"Ttttty Ttgff PUum aailisse."— Ilutita
Ptrtiaytsa, ia C&3.
MATINEES TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
To-Night and All Next Week
I 1 1 1 I s . In France* Aymar
flnjL Mathew*a Ptctsr-
JMIIL es«ri. olay.
CORCORAN PRETTY
UdSTSkOI PEGGY
And an Excellent " ™ w w ¦
Cotnsany. POPXTLAR PRICES.
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
LAST PERFORMANCES. . »
MATINEE TO-DAY.
HOWARD GOCLD. J. H. GILMOCR. !
IN
TT AMT.Hi'M
Blanche Partinxton. Peter Robertson. Ashton
Stevens and Eleanor Croodaee Concede It to>
Be t>v» Greatest Stock Production Ever Gives
b> This City. ;
Starting Monday. November 7. Oliver Moroaca
Offers
AX AMERICAN CITIZEN.
A Play of Comedy and Romance.
A Splendid Sisow Eterf Aftemooii ni
Eisnlag ia tlis T&satsr.
TAKE A ! RIDE ON THE
XZZrXATTOSS XXSCTXXC »ATTiTM>*7».
SEVEN BABT LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT. CABARET DE LA MORT.
-pmXSXATXC EXiXOTXXC TOVTXTAXS
DZS7ZJLT TO-3TIOHT.
LOOK OUT FOB THE JOHMSTOWU FLOOD
ADMISSION 10c \ CHILDREN 3c
When Phoning Ask for "The Chotes.**
MSCELLAyEOUS A3fCSEMKNT3.^
BASEBALL,
San Francisco vs. Portland/
AT RECREATION PARK.
TTt^htH a-d Harrlaon sts.
TO-DAT and an week days. 3 n, m.
SUNDAY. 2 JO P. M.
LADIES FREE THVRSDAT AND FRIDAT.
Advance sale of seaU at 5 Stockton »C
V*i*r* D0Prr FAIL 'TO
raiawc b^,,^
« COURT Loangisz
atln room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, tht
C 1 ¦ PALM ROOM, the
liTflfid LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR. ted the LA-
H l\A ~ DrES " WBITINQ
Hotels roqm.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS^V GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
tor and N«rvlne. .
The most ' wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both aexea.
- The Mexican Remedy lor Disease* of th»
Kidneys a>id Eladder. Sell* en Its own merits.
NABEB, ALTS & BRUNE.- Arenta.
333 Market «t-. S. r.— <Send for ClrrnUr*,)
(1 -patents! Ji
MAfWCT5T.Sf.SgSS'
A3rUSE>lEXTS.
Effulgent Vaudeville !
"Wataos. Hutcii2?», Edwards and Com-
pany; the Kisses Dels ore; HaUer and
Meehan aad Orphtxun Motion Pictures.
Siowirie "Tee Wldov and the Only
-- 2San.** Zrfist Times of tie Fetching
Brothers; Three Stxmonds; SuUlraa
and Fasqnelena; Karrer Comedy Com*
pany and Owley and Handan.
Regular ilatln««a Evtrr We<ia«adaT. T6nr»-
day. Satnrday ami Suaday. Prlcw — 10c. 23c
; a=.i SOc
CamsaenclaK Soaday Matlm>«.
JOHN T. KKLL.T A COMPANI
ABd tie
I ¦ 12 XAYAJO OIRL3.
/-CALIFORNIA-*
(BRING THE CHILDREN TO-DAT.
r LAST TIME TO^-XIGHT.
IHAVERLY'S
MINSTRELS
With the Fnanl«st of An Minstrel
Conwdians.
TtTT.T.-y TAX
"Tile Assassin of Sorro-»r."
And a Host of Other Big Features.
MATINEE TO-MORROW— The Bte
Pastoral Comedy Success,
"SWEET CLOVER."
Wltfi OTIS B. THAYER.
First Time Here After Fire Years cf
Enormous Eastern Sncct»a.
UULUmBlA incog m&
KATZSXS TO-SAT.
To-n!zht and Soaday — Last Times.
ISADORE RUSH
And a Superb Company in the Farcical Comedy
Glittering Gloria
Besinnlnr NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
G«or?e Ade's Qnaicx Cotsedy Drama.
The COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
SEAT SALE NOW ON.
GF[RA||f|}|p01JS[ I
A50THE2 TRXmiPH— —
Premiere in Saa Fraoci«co of th»
creat London as4 New York music-
al trtastpa in two acts., entitled:
t m e \^^r ar^^r
MESSEINGER
Fl f*\ "\T I First Time Anywterej
~T " I at Popnlar Prtc«»s. I
BT THE ACTHORS OF THE TOREADOR.
, ; WITH AN UNRIVALED CAST.
Stats Now Felling- — Cstial TItoU Ptfc'j.
23c — SOc — 75c — Only Matinee Saturday.
ALCAZAR 1 *™?'
General 3ianas?r.
MATINEES TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
Last Two Nlrhta of Franklin Fyles*
' I Realistic Drama.
J2EJJSA]
\WAYNE\
K Story of Absorbing Interest.
Lillian Lawrence. ¦ John. Craly. Elizabeth Wood-
mn and 'all the Alcazar Farorltes.
Ev»nin*s. 23c to 73c'; Matln«es.. 25c to SOe.
Vext Monday — First Time In Stock, A. C.
Gamer's Merry Comedy.
PRINCE KARL.
The Play That Made Mansfield " Famotxa.
Market St, Near Eizhth. Phone South 633.
MVTINEE TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS. ~
Flist time here cf the sensational melodrama.
THE WORST WOMAN IN LONDON
ThritliBS Situations, the Murder, the Mansion
of Crime. Revenge at Last.. the Bloody Ftjht-
TH RILLING ESCAPE FROM BURNING
BUILDING ON A WIRE STRETCHED
IN MIDAIR. >¦
nnirCC Evenings..^... ....... ....10c to SOe
rKltto Matinee* ..........10c. 13c. Mo
H >;»T — "HIS -U5EUGZ TOW."
Sterling Comedy .- Melodrama of a Railroad
- ¦ Man's Danshter. . .¦
THE WEEKLY CALL
„ .„^ir-pr^t- Year.
* ~'i PRAGER8 '_-,-,.-_- ' -
To- Day
There will be "Something Doing "'on all purchases
made in our
Grocery and Liquor Departments
(Fourth Floor)
Also Crockery and Household
Departments
(Third Floor) "T * ;
Grocery Department Specials
(Fonrth Floor)
Saturday evening from 7:30 to 10 o'clock only.
These goods will not be on sale earlier.
Sliced Boiled Eastern Hazn — I Maryland Club Pure Rye Whis-
Regularly sold at 35c a O^/*» I k*iy — Regularly $1.00 a £"2*%
Ib.; special, lb ..... faOC | bottle; special, bottle.. 00C
Depart- . J Jv^frtii^?#*V5& ' m
Store :2|y^* *\2r *<r Goods
West jfS* >\L\v^yLs reliable in all
0 VV MARKET&dONESSIS.
Chicago 8 r \ ments
ADVERT1SE3IENTS.
"Madam," said the
grocer, "let me Intro-
duce Golden Gate — the
highest tirade coffee
on the market."
Nothlatf tfoes with GOLDEN GATE"
COFFEE bat satisfaction. *to
. prlxeji — 00 coupon * — no crockery.
1 aa« 2 Ib. a ro ta ¦ -« U h t 1 1 ¦ • .
Never sold ia balk.
J. A. Folger (EL Co,
established half a Contary
San Francisco
Museum of anatomy*
\ OT , TWUtrntAMWfatJMMiMim« V
A Woiii WtOcnm « my cmmrttKfd Q
T B 9MM <¦""* P" 1 "" 1 ? ¦¦r»«i- y t*« olaeu T
Q I 3H1 *P«c» ! »« •• ">« Onst. Etc j* Jan. Q
4 fiStf fi B9. <)QXDAN-D!S£A3ES OF «EN A
\ lln! C«awlmi« in* ud toirfj pr.n'.t. \
A I (VI Tf«r»«Bt p«rau<7 at b» l*!ttr. A A
W 1 j f JM ¦ ftmtnt CW« n rmy ai« naJOTtmkea. T
APi Ql */riN(btM,ratoiorarrfA
" " ' (IT. ¦asktsxAsa. nauo rui. fxf
\ A IJL niuMe Mk for mm] - \
V SB.JOBPA!( Jk CO.. HO Market St..8. F. Y
*^&^a MENANDWOMEK.
¦¦ nu^CU^BI U<«Btf GfsrB&E&tsral
1 fa i <*t*^HI dUcbarges.iaS*iunialioaa.
gUm 0«anat«e4 ¦ irritaUoai or ulceratiom
mmw ¦m**mu**n...-.' i ol mseoii tseabranta.
>**-^f rwwk tak«te. PaialMS, aad not Mtria-
¦RlTlCCTanCXBiHULra. gent «r »d*oaottS. 1^BBM^
WA KWUUn.tMgm MabrDwnlrt*
¦>*.«. "Ha o* **at ia flain wrappet;
j^B^B^kll^^^^^H 1 &F ' exyrata, • •repaid. W
VHMMQn «t J». or 3 b«ttl«« ttXJt.
ADVEirriSEMENTS.
"I have ssffei»4 with rrtles for thirty-fix years.
Oce y«ar *r> '—t April 1 b«e»a taxicr C««c»r»t*
*-r — :<i';n- >r.. In tfc« course ef t««et I noticed
the F->« .-;»-. to c.i»j:p»ar »=d u tb« ead of «ix
»••-»« zttf c.i aot trouble m« »» mil. Cuearets
c»t« doc* wonders forme. I aa •otlrely cured a=d
Zee: like a o«w cia." Georc* Kiyder. >apoleon. O.
Cam rr C4TKM*TC _^^f
Palatable. Potec*. Taste Good. Do <V»d.
»e**r Steken. Wea.kea or Grip*. He. 3c. Me. Ne^er
•old ta c-.jt The ceentac tablet •t»rrp«d CCC.
<rnarast««d »o esre or roor mor. -r back.
8ter:i=t Staedy Co., Chic»eo or N.Y. 553
INKUAL SALE, TEH KIUIOM BOXES
Woman
,'^ 1 ' * '. iV'!» Is interested and ihoaldksflv
f - 1 ;• fii«L', aboot Use wondrrfd
Vi 'V^ '^A'a MARVEL Vibirtiaq Spray
V: <X ' " f?*"F- e nrw T »* tMl *."'"'• /%•**-
i^M«^*^W t»o% end Hvtum. Btt— Sa*-
Coc^ezieBt.
«ct#r. b«a trs.0. stamp for *V- - f~Z;#£Z .
i:!gstr»t>d book— ¦¦»¦¦*¦ Ttftrea \k / ' 4 %'JT
twO partjccl»r» and <\~*+rz}m9 la- A* / m
4irarkR*n,.\r»)«rk. •
1S2 New iloct«cniery. San Franclico. CaJ.
TAilliarj Ha'.tercth cLajfles* I>ept.). 224 SaUer.
Udca Drc« Co., 400 Setter ajid 100 stock tox
Oerood Erothers. ..Tti aod Broadway. Oakland
BaiAwtB Fbarmary... hj Ellis
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Discharges.
j^»§[^ .1 H B/ BfiNk
IfjJB V y3 V ra bm I Dr /a.
Km. ¦ 1 H W K/A
A CURE IX 48 HOURS. *"tELECTROCUTED HIGH IN
AIR WHILE PAINTING POLE
PAINTER WHO WAS ELECTRO
CUTED WHILE PAINTING AN
ELECTRIC LIGHT WIRE POLE. ,
r'*-t)r/- and;MT». ; jim'o«5P. i ,*ik.'lPunn'j|,n*d Miss
Chabot : hare 'returce-d^froin the' EjuiL "
,1 Next.- Tuesday: Mis? Curdts . will entertain ¦• a
card dub at the Mehrraann residence. -.. . ..- ;¦
pretty Grove-street home of Miss Curdts' elster,
Mra. - H. . B: Mehrmann.'
* BURGLARS -. STEAL. " MONET.— Oakland,
Nov. .A. — Burglars stole $lti(i from.T.^ Tama
sokt'B : gtore,-' 368 ; Seventh street, : last ' night. .
Wynn in Redwood City.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov.- .4.— The
closing rally of .Democrats lobkplace
in this city to-night. Great enthu
siasm prevailed and , the ' Alhambra
Theater was crowded -to • the doors.
Congressman Wyiin ¦* made* janV earnest
appeal -to' < the;v^yoters'> and^4:Edward
.Wjii'tRi Seiv|torta 1 fcandldate. for,^ San ta
Cruz d^liyer
•'OAKLAND,'' ¦, Nov. < ?4'.— The ' following mar
riage licenses -.wqra^ Issued; by^ the. County Clerk
to-day: . Fred' C. j Monell,; 26, ,Saa Francteeo,
and Hilda Berger,- 19,' Oakland; Albert A. An
drews;: over ; 21; < and .; Mary;.'S«llcirk,\over s IS,
both of Oakland; James J.-.O'Hara, over 21; and
Bridget Cunney". over 18,.both of.Oakland.---'" 1 -
Marriage " Licenses.
'; SALINAS, Nov. 4.— Serafln Steve, an
Italian, £0 years old, who for the last
forty years . has led the -life of a re
cluse'near, Jolon, was found dead In his
cabin Wednesday by a passing vaquerp. 1
The : deceased - was ¦ a man I who' never
spent money except f or . the bare * neces
sities of life,- and , whenever he sold
stock or produce he demanded gold coin
in payment. *, It' Is stated' that ¦ he Has
more" than $10,000 i burled : on . his ranch.
Steve was always neat and clean; He
frequently said his name was 'not Steve
arid that he was related to" the nobility
of Italy,^and-rthat ~ he ',' had ,¦ been 'com
pelled ; to"; leave > Italy: for political > rear
sons. ; ¦¦¦ ''. : ::*'¦;* \^ ;T *^r
Octogenarian Recluse Found Dead In
His Cabin— Believed to Have
Buried 1 Wealth. •;'.!'
DEATH " FINDS HERMIT WHO
CLAMED NOBLE ANCESTRY
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 4.— The Re
publican campaign was closed in Sac
ramento to-night with a great demon
stration in honor of Dimcan E. 1 . McKin
lay and Governor Pardee. who,, with'
John F. Davis and Frank"H. Short, ad
dressed a meeting that filled the old
Governor Wins Votes for McKinlay* in
f : : Lynch finally, retaliated : by swearing
toTcbmplalnts for.hls . tormentors^ ar
rest, r • He retained . as special : prosecu
tor "Attorney. A: ; V. Mendehhallj .who,
with Deputy District Attorney Everett
Brown;. handled Lynch's "case. », The ar
rested men made * a defense,
but l - vtere "uridon'er- ' They V will^appear
later for sentence.- "-'' '>'¦: '" \>\ .¦<:-? <"
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— E. L. Black
marir' C. Stickncy : and Carl "Hardwick
were convicted by - Justice James ;G.
Quinn to-day on charges o^ disturb
ing, tile peace, the complainant being
Colonel .Frank ,'¦'¦ Lynch, - proprietor.^ of
Satro Park, Fruityale. The prosecu
tion'»was 1 1 the; culmination • of * a . feud
that > had stirred the : ' suburbs /'. for
months.' - Lyncn declared • that i the ¦ trio
had f tried' to drive him 'out of the lo
cality. • He' asserted; that they had jpar
adedtin : front 'of ; the park "armed ; with
shotguns','- had -bombarded- the' resort
withj rocks "and had otherwise ';. tried
to force him to .'leave thej neighbor
hood; - ,s ¦ ?. " »• . , .- - , ..
Three Frultvile Residents Arc Found
Guilty After Trial Before Jus
tice of the Peace Quinn.
Simpson; candidate for the Senate,
and Bates, candidate for the Asseinb.ly,
both pledged themselves, if elected,- to
oppose any legislation devised to'an
ngx Alameda%tQ Oakland. . Church's
adBress was of e generalnatureonthe
personalities '¦ of ' the 'two Presidential
candidates.. - . ,, ¦ r:: .¦''"•
Knowland, candidate: for Congress,
to succeed Victor H. Metcaif, was en
thusiastically greeted.
i ALAMEDA, Nov. 4.— Local Republi
cans held their final rally of the cam
paign last night In the West End "Wig
wam. ; Charles. R." Smith was. chair
man. Speeches were made ; ty Joseph
R. . Knowland, M. W. Simpson,' J. s Clem
Bates and Lincoln S. Church. •¦ •
FINAL RALLY AT. ALAMEDA.
CONVICTS TORMENTORS
OF COLONEL /FRANK LYNCH
Ploneer's Will Is Filed.
SALINAS, Nov. 4.— The will of Henry
Stiles, the pioneer who died recently In
St. Helena, was filed for probate 'to
day. His estate is a valuable one. be
ins worth ever $100,000. To his widow-
Stiles leaves the home place and other
property , yalued at about $8000.. To
a son by Ills first wife he leaves prop
erty valued at 14000. The rest of the
estate, consisting of a fine ranch,
town 'property and gilt-edged securi
ties, is left to the minor sons.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 4.— Governor
Pardee to-day granted a pardon to Na
tali Rossi, an Italian who was con
victed of -murder; in the first degree in
Marin County In 1883 and sentenced to
life Imprisonment. "While he was in
prison Rossi was an exemplary pris
oner, and in 1900 he was paroled upon
the recommendation of the State Board
cf Prison Directors. He secured em
ployment from the Novato Land Com
pany In ; Marin County, where he has
since worked. He has conducted him
self honestly and industriously, and
has brought his wife and children out
from Switzerland, to which country
they returned when Rossi was sent to
prison. . - . ¦ , - ' - •.'-.
Good Conduct Earns Freedom for
Convict Sentenced to life Im
prisonment From Marin.
PARDEEGIVES PARDON
TO ITALIAN MURDERER
REDDING, Nov. 4.— Aaron Dove, a
15-year-old boy, had the sight of his
right eye . destroyed to-day . at school
by an acorn. A number of boys were
engaged in an acorn battle, . In direct
dlsdbedience of the orders of the prin
cipal. During the conflict one of th»
nuta struck young Dove in : the eye.
absolutely destroying the sight, tha
point of the acorn having entered the
eyeball. " . . \ . . ...
Durinsr Frolic. of a Number of
- Schoolboys. •
Strange Accident Occurs In Redding
ACORN STRIKES LAD'S EYE,
DESTROYING THE SIGHT*
Surgical art has been invoked to cor
rect the deficient moral equipment of
Isabel Le Fevre, 15 years old, who
has . been pronounced an incorrigible
by Judge S. P. Hall of the Juvenile
Court.
.¦;". For the first time in. the history of
the recently organized children's court
in California the experiment Is • to be
tried that in Eastern communities has
worked with remarkable success. The
child is to be submitted to an operation
of the simplest nature, yet fraught with
such possibilities that her guardians
expect to turn her from a condition of
waywardness and viciousness to one of
normal morality. . —
All that; will be done will be 'the re
moval of a false glandular growth in
the nose and throat of the young sub
ject, which adenoid condition has pre
vented the proper feeding of the brain
with blood. There has-been a partial
stoppage' of circulation in the .cerebral
region. ". This alockade has stunted the
brain development. It has produced
an* abnormal stale, and to It is ascribed
the psychological .weaknesses that are
comprehended in the word "incor
rigible." • .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.. .1016 Broadway, Nov. 4.
Surgeon's Scalpel Is In
voketl in Experiment Up
on a Girl Incorrigible
MENDS MORALS
BY THE KNIFE
Just. before the hour for the meeting
a special , train from IJemoore pulled
in.- , The engine cab and every, coach
vras'brtillant with colored lights. A
band and a big crowd of enthusiastic
voters came on the train.
Needham was followed by Seward. A.
Simons, who eloquently discussed the
issues and pointed out'the absurdity of
some statements made by the Demo
cratic speakers and candidates.
Needham's speech to-night will .win
him the votes of a host of disgusted
Democrats. '^V
In speaking to-night of the reclama
tion projects the Congressman pointed
out the great work already made pos
sible by the Republican* policy and
pledged his best efforts to carry out
such plans as may be recommended to
the Congressional Commission on Riv
ers and Harbors that recently met In
San Francisco. He pledged himself to
do all in his power to secure from the
Federal Government the amounts ask
ed for by the commission.
Needham Impressed his Democratic
hearers with the foolishness of the
statements of Judge Conley that the
latter would support the section of the
tariff bill providing for the protection
of fruit.
HANFORD, Nov. 4.— The . largest and
most enthusiastic audience ever crowd
ed into the Opera-house in a Congres
sional campaign here, to-night heard
Congressman Needham and Seward A.
Simons of New York. The crowd was
wildly enthusiastic throughout. Need
ham was given a magnificent ovation
when he first appeared in the house
and the enthusiastic appreciation of
telling points caused frequent interrup
tions to his speech. ... ,•
Needham reached i here early this
morning and .immediately started, on
an automobile trip to make a thorough
inspection of the Tulare reclamation
district.
zens of Haoford
Congressman . Wins Plaudits of . Citi-
CHEERS FOR XEEDIIAM.
• SAYS BROTHER IS MISSING. — Oakland,
jjov 4.— M. M. Oonaalvea, 1091 Thtrd »trent.
has reported to th« police the disappearance
of his brother, Frank B. Gonsarves.
ORGANIZE CONCORDIA CLUB.— Oakland.
Nov. 4. — The Concordla Club has been organ
ized by Jewish cltliens. the officer* being:
President. Gus' Cohn; vice president. Morris
Schneider; secretary. Fred Bauer; treasurer.
S. Klein; directors— Julius Abrahamaon. I* B.
Goldberg, Bert Ussner. v. • . •
LOG CABIN BAKERY BtTRNED.—Oak
land, Nov. 4. — The Log Cabin bakery. Thirty
second street and San Pablo avenue, owned
by W. H. tVard. waa gutted this morntns
by a fire which started in the boiler room.
A tank of oil became Ignited. The loss is
several thousand dollars/ '
ARE SENT TO FOLSOM.— Oakland. Nov.
4,— W.- F. Kennedy, • the Alameda boy who)
pleaded guilty to a charge of burglary, waa
sentenced to four years at Folsom penitentiary
by Judge Hall to-day. Leono Florea, who also
acknowledged having robbed tha house of John
Sallou, near Liverxnore, got a similar terra.
POLICEMAN FIGHTS SAILOR.— Oakland.
Nov. 4.- — Fotrrteen scalp wounds on the h<*ad>
ot Manuel Silva. a sailor, were * dreaded this
morning at the Receiving Hospital. They re
sulted from S lira's encounter with Patrolman.
Peter Feeley. Th« seaman wa« fighting drunls
and. would not submit to arrest. Feeley waa
damaged, but not seriously. r.V^.,;,' ..
WOMAN BURNED BY GASOLINE.—Oak
land. Nov. 4.— Mra. E. Carter, 342 .Telegraph
avenue, was badly burned about the fa.ee and
arms last night by the exptoolon of a.-gaso
line stove. She picked up the ' btaztnsr ! srov«
and threw It out of a second-story wnidow
to save the house from fife. ' The flaming fluid
spattered upon her garments and burned nei«
considerably before she had sotothered / tha
flre. Sne was cared for at a private hospital.
OAKLAND NEWS.
. ; A bloody battle is certain to occur
during the next thirty r six hours, either
at the western or eastern exit of the
"Hole," or in the vicinity of the pres
ent hiding place of the outlaws. Should
the bandits remain in ignorance of the
plans to bottle them up in the rendez
vous, then the fight will occur at the
ranch of their friend, for the two
posses from ' the east and west will
combine forces j as soon aa Webb ar
rives and close in on the bandits at
once.
The officers here are completely, worn
out, but they are anxious for the fight.
They will get almost, twenty-fours*
rest, however, if present plans • carry
and will be in prime., shape for the
battle when Webb arrives.* •
Sheriff Fenton, who is directing the
movement against the desperadoes, has
asked for reinforcements from Casper,
100 miles southeast of here, and a tele
phone message was received late to
night stating that Sheriff Webb and a
large posse had started for the. scene.
Sheriff Stough; of Fremont" County
and Sheriff Fenton and a posse of Big
Horn arrived here shortly after sun
down, having found the trail of the
Cody bank robbers again and. followed
it into the very heart of the Bad
Lands. They are now not more than
ten miles behind the outlaws.
Reliable information has been re
ceived here that the bandits , have tak
en refuge at the ranch house of a sym
pathizer near the notorious "Hole in
the Wall" rendezvous, • southwest of
this place, and do not know that the
officers have fallowed them this far.
DENVER, i Nov. - 4.— A special to the
Republican from Deranch, Wyo., says:
Hall was employed by. W..B. Hart
man, who has the contract for painting
the Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Com
pany's : poles, and was considered a
careful workman. He arrived in Oak
land but two weeks ago from Santa
Cruz,'. where his / parents , live. ;His
brother, -Theodore Hall, has* been em
ployed by Hart man t for some time; and
was at. work on the pole next to. that
on which his brofher was killed' The
first intimation he S had that anything
was wrong .was. when lie saw the flash
and beheld his brother fall • back from
the pole. He said of the fatality: ;
• "I think; my brother's foot must have
slipped, throwing his head against one
wire and; one hand against the other."
Superintendent J. J. ; Gallagher said:
"When I reached the pole where the
body was hanging I thought that; Hall
was still alive, for the body was' In an
upright position, with both' climbers
solid, in the pole, .His head was , hang
ing back and his hands hung, straight
down at his sides.- 1 climbed^ to the top of
the pole and got a rope around the
body as soon as possible > and lowered
it "to the ground."-' ; : ' ¦/•¦./...•'•",
* -.An examination of Hall's body show
ed'that he had received a' ; lohg ; burf» on
the right-side of the. neck; and that
the fingers of ! both;ha'nds . were seared.
Dr.; .Riggin, who examined the body,
said death must have s been instan
taneous. : . . •
Theodore Hall, brother and fellow
Workman of -the man -who was killed,
attempted; to get the body down at
once, but 'did not succeed. - It was not
until J. J. .Gallagher., superintendent
of the gas company's electrical work,
arrived; on the /scene that the body
was lowered to the ground. ••
Gallagher, assisted by Mrs. H.'. C.
Capwell, near, whose residence the
death occurred, worked for nearly an
hour endeavoring to » revive Hall By
means of artificial respiration, 'but
their efforts were futile. -
. While they were still working on the
body -Dr. U. Ii. Riggin arrived. After
for some time the doctor pro
'nounced the -man ; dead. The body, was
removed to \ the . morgue.
his brother, who was powerless to ren
der any^aid, Hiram%H. Hall., 2^ years
old, a painter>«anployed In painting the
poles of - the Oakland Gas, s ;Iright " and
Heat Company, was instantly killed at
2:30 o'clock this afternoon by corning
in contact with two heavily charged
electric wires. The fatality occurred at
the corner of Oakland avenue and Fair
view street. Piedmont. ,'.. y , ; ';
- ..The unfortunate painter was work
ins? at the "top of a pole, and in reach
ing across the wires to get at the op
posite end of the cross-arm he 'brought
the right side of his neck in contact
with one* wire -while his hand was
touching the other. A flash of fire fol
lowed and Hall fell back dead, being
held to the top of the pole by his safety
belt. ¦ -r •
OAKLAND, Nov. 4.— In full view of
»• Miss Kda Curdts is planning a" card -party
for. 1 November 15. complimentary ' t» ¦ Mr*, i Asa
Mendenhall.r The affair will take 'place at the
..Speaking of the First Presbyterian choir re
minds; me that Clement Rowlands, , the absent
leader, is now in London and enjoying excellent
health. .".-V- ¦¦'„¦:¦-¦¦ i.-'--';^- .•;¦'¦¦ ¦••• ¦.,¦.• ¦
Mrs.. Carrie BrownDexter left last night for
Rockford, •; 111.','. to ¦ spend a couple.' of- months
with; relatives, - and • incidentally, < to enjoy ; the
musical season in Chicago. Mm Dexter, who
has been leading ttoprano of the First Presby
terian Church for come ; time, * will • be missed
during her apnence, as she has many.' friends
and admirers here. *<¦>-¦*.- ,. ; . '...--.;
A delightful Halloween party was given by
Miss Btrdle Pitcher, at her home on 'East "Eight
eenth, street . In honor of • Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
A. Spangler,' who have recently returned from
thelrrEastern trip. "The 'house ¦ waB decorated
with pepper boughs and. grinning. Jacko'. lan
terns, and many Halloween games and tricks
caused hilarious mirth.' In ft "descriptive con
test Mlas Elsie Palmer won the prlxe, . A "deli
cious supper was served, at which tha guests
further learned their fortunes ¦ from beribboned
walnuts, the ring going to Miss May Dwyer. "• .,
Those present were Mrs. R. W. Pllcher, Miss
Birdie PUcher, Mrs. Bessie Spangler. Mlas May
Dwyer r Miss Elsie Palmer, Mrs., Winifred Dem.
Ing,' ne& Palmer; Miss. Gertrude Dwyer,' Messrs
Arthur Demlng, Alfred Duby, Edmund Pechart,
Jostph- A» Spangler and Ed Broad water. ¦¦¦¦- -
Mr. and Mrs. M. Dlerssen celebrated their
silver wedding anniversary last Wednesday
with a reception and banquet at the Piedmont
Club house. It was not only an elaborate, but
a very enjoyable affair. The esteemed couple
were, the recipients of many handsome' gifts
At the supper table, Benjamin Curtai of Ban
Francisco -acted as toastmaster. Among those
who enjoyed "the. hospitality of Mr. and Mrs
Dierssen were Mr. and Mrs. M, X. • Dlerssen
Mr. and Mrs. H. Hennings, Mr. and Mrs. Ben
jamin Curtaz, Mr. and Mrs. T. Sondelelter
Mr. and Mrs. T. Sondelelter Sr., Mr. , and Mm
J. Dlerssen, Mr. and Mrs. J. Kreye, Miss L.
Kreye, Mr. L». W. Fiege, 'Mr. and Mrs ' K
Winters, Miss B. , Winters, • Miss C. Winters
Miss S. Winters, Mr. and Mrs. Freye
Mr. and Mrs. Scribner, * Miss *B. Rcribner,
A. . PostnikofT. Mr.' and ."Mrs. '- F. Hennlrtgs.
Mr. ..and -. Mrs. . D; . Edward, . Mr. . ¦ and
Mrs. J. H. > Flege, Mr. and Mrs. L. Johnston;
Mr, and* Mrs. ' A. Kroma, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Ludwig, Mr. and Mrs. H.- Kattenhorn. Mr/and
Mr«. J. Hesse, Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Borgf nldt,
Mr. and Mrs. Bronkhurst, Miss Hennings, Har
ry Hennings. --••¦ -.» , -. .-• ¦• i7 : -
Miss Ethel Valentine goes East shortly to
make her home in Germantown; Pa. She was
the motif to-day for a pleasant little luncheon
and reception at the home of Miss Maud Edith
Pope. It was quite Informal, only three guests
— Miss Valentine, Miss Fore and Miss Taft—
enjoying the. dainty midday meal," while' juat a
few Intimate friends Mmo In later. The after
noon guests Included Miss Edith -Gasklll Miss
Elsie Marwedel, Miss Coralie Selby, Miss Flo-
ence Selby,'- Miss Viva Nicholson. Miss Jaiie
Raw lings. Miss Van Dyke, Mlsa Gertrude^ Al
len,-Mrs, Grace Cowing, Mrs. G. B. Cook -Mrs
5;., A - ?«•»?; Ml" McCormick of Alameda. Mrs.'
Wlllard Williamson.
Busy people frequently make mistakes, and
even the society reporter has to 'own to fal
libility once In a while. By an error I an
nounced that the marriage of Miss Myra Frier
son" and Sherman McDowell would take place
last Wednesday night, but 1 was a whole
week ahead of .time. Wednesday, November 9,
io the date and preparations for the event
promise an unusually charming affair. The
little Church of tbe Advent is to be a mass
of blossoms, pink and white." with" the usual
background of green. The maid of honor will
wear white, while the. bridesmaids will, be
two In pink and two in pale green. The ef
fect can easily be imagined. Two little flower
tfiris, Pauline Stover and Mabel Lewis, wear
ing white and strewing pink roses, will add to
the plctureBqueness of the scene. Before the
ceremony the Elks' Quartet— Mr. j McDowell is
a prominent ; Elk— will sing several appropria
ate selections and while the solemn vows are
being : exchanged Miss Ali6e Murray will softly
slri "Call, Me Thine Own." .
This year the big charity event takes plac*
in the Ebell rooms on December 1, 2 and 8.
The lady managers are well pleased with the
prospects of unusual success. The excellent
arrangements of last year's event will b« Im
proved on In many ways. In addition to the
musical programme, a number of - " children
will take part in living pictures. An effort
will be made to seat guests during the pro
gramme numbers, so that every one may
have an equal chance to see what is going on.
OAKLAND. Nov. 4.— In a few. weeks Christ
mas will be upon us and loving- hearts are
suggesting many things for busy; fingers to do.
Manr " of thf- cord clubs 'have 'abandoned' their
frames for the present and the members in
stead ply their- needles Industriously. -.. y ¦
Many, . however, . have learned ; to . wait for
the anftual doll show before making ' any.
Christmas purchases and the* plan- Is a 'wise
one. The ' daintiest articles and the dearest
dclln of every possible size and complexion , are
to be found every year at the doll show and
It Is bo much easier to buy them, at the rea
sonable prices asked, than to bother getting
thorn ready oneself. Then. too. one has the
satisfaction of knowing that these, purchases
have helped to Insure the comfort of the little,
oohans at the West Oakland Home, for the
benent of which the, doll show Is annually
given. ¦
Wyoming Outlaws, Followed
by the Posse, Seek Kefuge
in the Hole in the Wall
By Zoe Green Radclrffe.
THE DOLL SHOW.
BANDITS DEEP
IN BID LANDS
Believing that the husband was more
sinned against than sinning, Judge Mel
vin to-day decided the Sheahan divorce
case by granting John J. Sheahan a de
cree on his cross-complaint from Mabel
C. Sheahan. She is a spiritualistic me
dium, and used their home on Linden
street for seances and neglected . her
husband and their children. Sheahan
also . obtained the custody _ of the boy
and girl. The community property is
to be sold and divided equally between
Mr. and Mrs. Sheahan.
' The trial of the. case attracted consid
erable attention owing to the unruly
conduct of. .Mrs. Sheahan, whom the
Judge was finally forced to send to Jail
for contempt of court. She brought the
suit against her husband, charging him
with cruelty. She filed a cross-com
plaint alleging that she was the cruel
one. The evidence in the case showed
that Mrs. Sheahan's actions were the
beginning of the trouble and that when
she^was remonstrated with she went
Into violent fits of temjier.
Seven months of .married life with a
strenuous' spouse is enough for Hans
C. Jensen, who to-day began a suit for
divorce against Mary M. Jensen, charg
ing her with cruelty. They were mar
ried in March, and he alleges that on
many-occasions she has clawed his face
and. that he has often found her in com
pany with other men.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day, by
Victor DIeudonne against Katie "Dieu
donne on the ground of desertion. : -
A final decree of . divorce, was granted
Walter A. Edwards from Maude V. Ed
wards to-day for desertion. He also
won the custody of the minor child, a
daughter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 . Broadway, Nov. 4.
President Victor Robertson announced
that he would invite Marsden Manson
of San Francisco to address the club" at
an early date on the subject of a mu
nicipal water system.
, A Vplan to secure a municipal water
supply and plant,, for Berkele-v was
boached at a meeting . of the North
Berkeley Improvement Club last' night,
and after thorough discussion a cora
mlttee^ to investigate the project was
appointed, consisting. of; A. L». Ott, M.
L." Hanscom and W. H. Bone. Thi3 com
mittee will try to procure the Insertion
of a paragraph in the proposed bond
issue ~ providing for the 'appropriation
of money sufficient for a municipal
water plant.
Ai'L. Ott in a speech on the subject
before'- the club declared that the city
should ait least own its piping system,
and If possible its own Water plant.
. ,City Auditor Hanscom said: "The
town could arrange its own piping sys
tem-and put in pumping- plants that
would, do away, with the necessity of
fire engines. Philadelphia has a water
distributing system that regulates the
pressure of water in such a manner as
to enable the city to dispense with for
ty-five engines formerly used. Munici
pal ownership is the proper thing for
Berkeley."
Dr. J..T. G. Farrar spoke in favor of
incorporating in the bond issue an ap
propriation to purchase a water sys
tem. . .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 4.
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 4. -
R H and Henrietta Reno to Albert and
Clara Frazier. lot on N line ot Twenty- eighth
street. 75 W of Myrtle. W 50 by N 10O. Oak-
U Ch'arles*and Annie Selden to Maria V. Rocha
(widow) lot on W line of Hannah street. 200
S of B. S 37:6 by VT 133 ™** l l M °*J> 5" d
portion of subdivision C of lot .9, block 794.
map '2. Watts Tract. Oakland; $10.
Patrick F. Butler (widower) to P. E Rjan
lots t> and 11. block 8, lot. », w *»£,«« *t£
U. amended map of Butler Tract Oakland^ $10
Claud C and Agatha. D. Waltz to Charles
Waltx. lot on SE line of Eleventh avenue. l-_
NE of East Sixteenth Btreet NE &,, SE 1<X>.
NE 25 SE 50 SW 75* NW 150. block 88. Clin
ton, East Oakland; $10.
August T. Arens to Hattle Arena (wlf«). lot
on N line of East Eleventh street 50 E ot
Twtnty-seventh avenue. E 23 by N ICO. lot »-.
block -H. map of Knowles & Potter subdi
vision of Kennedy Tract, Eaat Oakland; *10.
Catharine Schaupp (widow) to Rosa PTetfrer.
lot 5, block K. map of Knowlea & Potter sub
division, of Kennedy Tract, East „ Oakland ;
Jame3 L. and Mary C. Barker to B. F.
Brooks, lot on E line of VV.*rringf street 100
N of Channinir way. N 100. E 150. 8 100. W
ISrt lots 2tt and 27. BentaT p;-operty, Berkeley;
$10l - . - :
Maria Holm (single) to K. A. and Louisa
Lalne (Holm), all Interest In lot on SE corner
cf Grayson and Ninth streets. E 73 by 3 ICO.
Jbts 10 /to 12. block 177. Grayson Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
Taylor" & Co. (corporation) to Henry C. Mc-
Cabe. lot on E line of Atherton street. 150 a
of AUston way 3 100 by E 13C.21. block 6.
addition to villa lota Joining university on th»
south. Berkeley; $10. . ¦ ;
Jesse L.. Wetmore Jr. to Eugene Viotor.ICa
vlet. lot 9. block A. map of subdivision of
portion of Quigley Tract. Brooklyn Township;
$250. x •
John Kenney to Bridget Keflney (wife), lots
ii to S, block 25. map property Columbua Hart
let t surveyed by Hoffman & Craven, Alameda;
gift.
John anil Annie Cox (wife) to Edward Cox,
lot en SW corner of Baena Vista avenue and
Paru street. W 116 hy S 40, Alameda; $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Grace E. Ryno
(wife of George),- lot on S line of Thlrty-flrst
street. 220. E of Grove. E 40 by S 14O, lot 17.
block 2033, A. J. Snyder"s resiibdivislon portion,
block 20.15. map Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
¦ Mary Tiernan (widow) to Peter McCauklll,
lot on NE line of Laurel street, 175 E of Pied
mont or Webster avenue. SE 23 by NE 114,
lot 8. Piedmont Villa Tract, portion plat 19.
subdivision of V. and D. Peralta Rancho, Oak
land: $10. '• -
. Robert and Emma H. N. Brown to Inocentl
Lagorlo (married), let on E Une of Claremont
avenue, 216.50 SW from S line of Clifton
street. SW 50. SE 2S2.5C NE 52-.S7. NW 20a;ll.
lot IS. block H . map subdivision blocks II and
I, Vernon Park Tract. 1889. Oakland: $10O.
George W. ~or Geojrge William and D. F.
Caswell (wife) to Georg» Ellis (single>, lot 13,
block 2107. map Alden Tract. Oakland: $10.
George Ellis (single) to D. M. Stewart, same,
Oakland: $10.
Alice Bell (Brennan) (administratrix estate
of James Brennan) to Peter H. F. Schnoor, lot
on S line of University avenue. 162 E cf Ninth
street. E 50 by S 100, block 90. Schnelle Tract.
Berkeley; $1525.'
Sadie M. ¦ and W. M. Smith (husband> to
Katherine Carvill, lot on N line of Railroad
avenue. 101:3 W of St. Charles street, W 103
by N 150, Alameda: $10.
PARDEE ANSWERS BELiIj.
OAKULND, Not. 4. — The reading of
a riasir^r letter from Governor George
C PtnSee oa tbe issues of the caxn
psisn. c&liozral and local, was tne fea
ture of the sajofcer and rally of West
OaiJaod Republicans, held to-night un
der the auspices of the Forty-nintli As
sembly District dub at Alcatrax BalL
There were pipes and entertainment
for every one and the spacious hall
was crowded. A. number of Repub
lican candidates were present and the j
meeting was addressed by several well
known party leaders.
Martin Hanley waa chairman of tSie
meeting: Music was furnished by Pal
mer's Mandolin Quintet, with vocal '
solos by Cabral and Trowbridge, songs ¦
by the Berkeley Quartet, under the
guidance of the veteran "Brick"
Morse, and an exhibition boxing boat
between George Brown and Billy Dolan
of the West Oakland Athletic Chin,
PARDEE SENDS LETTER.
The first speaker was J. J. .Burke, \
Republican candidate for Assembly- [
man from the Forty-ninth Assembly,
District-- Before making bis address j
he read the following letter from Gov
ernor Pardee: ... ..
Answering yoiira of October 29. Inclosing
lnv! union tor «ce to attend the smokw ot tbe
Kcrl>-nir»th Assembly District Republican Club
on November 4, notluag would give me greater
ljie&sure than 10 meet and shake hands again
with u.y fiveads of the Forty-ninth. For.
aft«-r nil, there axe no friend* like the old
::>rJs. no people like one's own townsmen.
Bat unfortucateiy I have already accepted
an invitation to attend and speak at a public
mett-iu* here in Sacramento on the evening
oZ Xoveaber *. ani therefore not being able
ti> be in two places ax one and the same time,
v\ea though 1 <io happen to be Governor, I
mu£t lortfc'o the pleasure of having an evening
with my Jriends of the Forty-ninth.
California is going to give a tremendous
majority for the Krpubllcan ticket this year.
Sty prediction Is that the majority will be
nearly, if not Quite C-J.OOO. And of that tiO.QUO
Alan-.t-da County. Oakland, and the Forty-ninth
Assembly Uistrict will, I &m sure, give their
lull Quota.
Ksj*L-iaily should the Forty-cinth District
be K^pablican thin year. For no one has for
»--".:¦ r.. 1 hope, what hap;t-ncj to us all. In
cluding the Forty-ninth, under Cleveland with
hit free trade in the jeers '93 to '»7. You
uil remember what the "point" looked like
then, how many were out of work, how many
lost their homes, hew many were In actual
want of the necessaries of life. You all see
hoT.- different It is now, and how different It
has b'-en for the last eix or eight years under
Republican protection, McKinlfy and Roose
velt. And 1 hav e no doubt that the people
ot" the Forty-ninth are very willing to vote
u. continue the good times they are enjoying.
If they want to go back to the hard times of
*t)3 to '97 let them vote for Parker, whose
platform says that protection is "robbery"
of the many for the benefit of the few, and ,
wh->. therefore. wlJl, if he be elected, do all
he can. as Cleveland did, to sweep protection :
out of existence and again Inaugurate "taritf
lor revenue" or free trade, with all its at- :
tendant hard time*, like t*jo»* of '83 to '97.
It is amusing to hear our Democratic friends
fay that •protection is the mother of trusts,"
ana that if we will do away with protection
and take up free trade aealn we will "bast
thr trust." We had free trade under Cleve
land. iJid It bust a single trust? ' Not one.
The only ones who got busted then were the
people of the United States. Including my
ii lends of the Forty-ninth. The trusts went
right on doing business and net one of them
biistc-d. If free trade didn't bust the trusts
in 'flS to '07 it surely will not bust them In
1DG3 to 1909. But it will bust us again as
it did under Cleveland?
You all know President Roosevelt. You
ut him in Oakland a ye&r and a half ago.
You saw that he is a plain, ordinary every
day American, Just like the rest of us. He
is no diftereiit from you and me. I know,
brcause I was with him during the twelve
days he was in California. And there wasn't
a minute of those twelve days when he was
anything else, but just a plain, good-natured,
affable American man. glad to see any one
and every one who came to him in good faith.
Th-y say he If the friend of the trusts.
You all remember how he broke up the great
railroad merger, which weld have beea the
pratest trust the world has ever seen. You
all remember how he smashed the salt trust.
You haven't forgotten the coal strike. Neither
can you have forgotten how he sent half a
dozen of the poetofSce thieves to prison.
W«- wanted also the Panama canal and we
wanted it badly. Who save it to us, after
Colombia had tried to fool us again and again
repudiated a solemn agreement the had made
with us? Like the man he Is the P/esldent
made Colombia keep her bargain, and all the
other nations of the earth, . who are more
jealous of Roosevelt's and our success than
even the Democrats, wild "Well done."
1 am «ure. too. that the voters of the Forty
ninth rhPtrict will remember that the coming
legislature will elect a United States Senator
from California, who will hold office for six
years. And If th--y want a United States
Senator who will support Roosevelt and pro
tection, one who does not believe In free trade,
the poople of the Forty-ninth will, of course,
vote for the Republican nominee for the As
sembly. For that nominee (whose name, by
the way. is Burke) must vot# for a Republican
t.'nited States Senator, one who does not be
lieve that protection is "robbery," one who
will be with Roosevelt In protecting us all
and keeping up our present good times.
-Again expre*stng any regret at not. being
able to meet my good friends of the Forty
nlsth. and wirhisg them all rood luck, hap
piness and prosperity, I am, very truly yours,
I GEO. C, PARDEE.
The reading of the letter aroused
much enthusiasm. Burke waa fre
quently Interrupted by the applause
which many of the points occasioned.
Burke addressed the audience briefly
In regard to his own candidacy and
was followed by Arthur H. Breed,
Charles E. Snook, Philip M. Walsh, Re
publican nominee for the Forty-eighth
Assembly District, Felton Taylor and
Supervisor John Mitchell, who is a
candidate for re-election.
Joseph R. Knowland, the Republrean
candidate for Congress from the Third
District, arrived during the festivities
and waa warmly received. He spoke
briefly.
Judge John F. . Davis was next'in
troduced. He raised a storm of cheers
when he- announced that his purpose
was to say a word for Duncan McKin
lay. The speaker discussed the value
of a Congressman to his district and
showed that under the system that
prevails in the House of Representa
tives the work is done in committees
where the minority members of the
House have but little influence, or in
caucus of the dominant party, where
the minority has no representation at
alL The speaker proved the helpless
ness of a minority member in Con
gress, citing as proof ' the fact that
Senaior Perkins was obliged to do the
woik necessary to procure the building
of a collier at Mare Island.
Frank H. Short also addressed the
meeting, paying a high . tribute to the
merits of Duncan McKinlay and
strongly urged his election to Congress.
Governor Pardee was greeted with a
storm of applause when he arose to
speak. He spoke for an hour, devoting
much time to the national issues and
the personality of President Roosevelt.
The speaker deprecated the idea ,of
electing a Republican President and a
Democratic Congressman. He urged
that the latter would be obliged to en
ter the caucus of his party and abide
by its decision on political questions or
else become a political pirate. . ~ ; 1 : '-
Congressman Bell's plaint that the
Governor should not participate in a
Congressional contest was met with, a
parable which showed the Governor's
spirit and made clear his right to voice
his political sentiments. His answer
to Bell won him round after round of
applause. . Governor Pardee closed
with an appeal to the voters to sup
port the Congressional and legislative
nominees.
The meeting to-night was preceded
by a splendid parade of all the Repub
lican clubs in the city, marshaled by
Colonel H. I. Seymour. The line of
march was ablaze with fireworks and
great enthusiasm was displayed by the
thousands of people who thronged the
sidewalks. The pavilion was filled
before the procession reached the build
ing. State Printer W. W. ( Shannon
was chairman of the "meeting.-
pavilion to its utmost capacity.
' McKinlay arrived on the morning
train from Chico, where he had made a
splendid address to a large audience
the preceding evening. He spent the
morning: at his home and at noon ad
dressed the employes of the railroad
shops at the Sixth-street entrance. It
was the most successful noon meeting
held at the shops this year. During
the afternoon the Congressional nomi
nee went out to Fair Oaks and ad
dressed a representative gathering.
Uurul.v '"Wife Who Was Sent
to Jail for Contempt
of Court Loses Her Suit
Improvement Club of the
University Town Opens
Campaign for New System
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Writes Ringing Letter to an Oakland Club
Refuting Democratic Fables.
WOMAN'S CHAKGES FAIL
COMMITTEE APPOINTED
Divorce Is Given to John J.
Sheahan Bather Than to
His Spiritualistic Spouse
Citizens Discuss Scheme to
Obtain Municipal. Owner
ship in Their Community
Predicts This Majority
for Roosevelt in State
GOVERNOR SAYS 60,000
DECREE FAVORS
THE HUSBAND
PLAN BERKELEY
WATER SUPPLY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN -FRANGISGO: CALL,; SATURDAY, Nm^EMBER 5, : ;i90«:
HIRAM H. HALL SUDDEMLY KILLED ATHIS WORK
Brother ' Wees -Maiatj^lasH
6
FREE FREE . FREE
WITH
SUNDAY.CALL-
. » WANT ADS. ; .» ¦',
A Full-sized Package of
ALLEN'S
30ST0N BROWN BREAD
FLOUR.
Simple to Prepare.
Delicious in Flavor. . \'
A New England " Breakfast.
Free With' Every Gmal. Ad *.
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small Ad 'Page'..' for* Further
¦ /Particulars.*^'*"/' '. . ,
ABVERT1SK3JLEXTS.
S9GKHEADAGHE
PADTrD'Q the * e W«ff PUlaJ
wH i\ ] L f\O Tfcey also rellero Dla-
%S3£ ¦ wi *• trea3 froni Dyspepsia. In-
dlgestloa and Too Hearty
Ig§ I \# C* |E> Eating. . a perfect rem-
rl nil I C edyforDl2miess.Nansea.
WM PILLS* Drowsiness. Bad Taste
Jja. Jffl . la too iloutn. Coated
rog!*3^^ Tongue. Pain In tne Side.
}—7- — : : — J TORPID UVER. 'Tney
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. :
SMAIIRIL SMALL post SMALIPR1CL
carters! CURE slCK miAuAv;fl]2;
BP jTJu . Genuine Must Bear
g Pllfs Fac-5imile Signature
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN'
"^ALAMEDA COUNTY
'..OAKLAND.- «~ .
1018 Broadway. .
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKEIiEY.
21 4S Center Street.
Telephone North 17.
AliAMEDA-
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda SS9.DOLORES PARLOR MASQCERAJDE. —
Dolores Parlor Drum Corps. X. S. O. XV..
will have a masquerade ball In Mission Par
lor Hall, on Seventeenth atreet, this evening.
The committee In charge has arranged for a
Jolly good time.
The Outdoor Art League has re
ceived a letter from many . residents
of the Sunset district complaining of
the disorderly conduct of people who
visit the .beach on Sundays. The let
ter asks that the league take some
steps " to remedy the nuisance. The
league hopes found an auxiliary in
the Sunset district. The organization
will hold a picnic at Twin Peaks
shortly.
Protest to Art League.
The " names of the companies and
their capitalization are as follows:
Chollar Gold and Silver Com
pany, $1,120,000; Union Consolidated.
11,000,000; Savage Gold and Silver.
$1,120,000; Sierra Nevada, $1,000,000:
Brunswick-Chollar, $336,000; 'Bruns
wick-Potosi, $336,000.. Mexican.
$1,080,000.
I Articles of incorporation were filed
vith the County Clerk yesterday by
seven mining companies, operating or
intending to operate on the Comatock
and Brunswick lodes. The move la in
line with that initiated the first of
the week by the Gould & Curry Com
pany, which filed new articles. The
directorates of the seven companies
are nearly the same, containing only
one or two variations in each case
and making up the following list: Her
man Zadig, J. W. Twiggs, C. Hlrshfeld.
A. F. Coffin, B. F. Shaw, W. T. Bag
gett, George C. Snelder, Charles H.
Fish, Nat T. Messer and "William Ban
nan.
Nevada Mining Concerns, Heavily
Capitalized, Furthering Xew
Plan of Operation. •
SI2VEN COMPANIES FILE
INCORPOKATION PAPERS
¦ pencils \ and - papers, - drawing
instruments, /-draughtsmen's -.'supplies,
Inks.<sketch5 pads. 'oilr. colors, ¦! drawing
boards,* thumb | tacks."- crayoos , and eras
ers ;• always " the \ bestir '~ Sanborn.^. Vail »&'
caf :-.>•'.; :¦-'¦.;¦ -~ '..^ --^-v ;••-••.•.¦
Art * School : Supplies:
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height cf-HIgh and Low Waters
at Fort Point.- entrance to San Francleco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
i XOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than. at: Fort Point; the height
of. tide is the tame at both places.
I SATURDAY. .NOVEMBER 6.
Sun rises 6 :40
Sun seta ..5:07
Moon rises .4:06 a. m.
O Time iTime! Time Time
t. FL 1 f Ft. i Ft. Ft.
• LW |H W| . L.W H "W
*6 2:52 1.6) »:11» 5.7 3:37 0.2 10:19 8.0
? 3:87 1.7 10:00 5.9 4:20-^0.3 11:15 6.1
7 4:10 2.0J10::» CO 5:13 — 0.0 ........:.
H W (L Wi HW LW.
9 I O:10f 6.015:00 .2.3 11:20 6.0 6U)O— O.7.
9 11:001 4.916.48 2.7 12:00 .8.8 6:49 ».7
10 I 1:571 4.8.6:34 .3.0112:43 5.6f 7:39 —0.5
11 I 2:50; 4.7 7:21 • 3.1) 1:30 6.2| 8:2S;— 0.2
KOTE>— In the above . exposition of i the tides
tbe early morning tides are given in the left
i band column and the successive tides of ¦ the
'day in tbe order of occurrence as to time;' the
fourth time column gives tbe last tide of ' t ho
day. except when there are but three tides as
ibometlroes occurs. The ' belghu s given ' ar» < In '
cddltion to tbe soundings of the United States
i Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus I— )¦
General Cargo for London.
The German ehip Altair was cleared yes
terday for London wltU 47.&S0 c? canned pal
mer., 14.C10 cs canned fruit, 17.0S4 ctl« barley
4*5 ca toney, 28«.6ii lbs caccara, 743,825 lbs
Two Wheat Clearances.
Tie British ehlp Scottish Moors was cleared
ytfterday for Qr:eenstown for orders with
t2,*Zt ctJ* wheat valued at $119,534 and 25,000
Xeei lumber «j dunnage velued at $375 •
The Frrcch bark Emile Gallln« which w<i
cleared for the same port, bad 55 sn ctl«
wheat \-slued at $79,500 and ftOOO feet lumber
durn&ge valued »t 1135.
M::ttors of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
iUt- British li«rk Hose, wfaich arrived from
V< I-ohaira on Thursday, uac chartered prior
to arrival for lumber to Franantle tfutnp sura).
> Raymond. Kenney,;/ whose parents
live at 1006 Buchanan ; street, and
Paul" Geroey, J living' at 1747/ . Hayes
street/ lads aged ' ip ? years, ..unhitched
a jhorset belonging to- John rMcKenina
of 5 3 8 1 Hayefl"8treet, '.which they,; found
in .'front • of f 7 2 0 ; Fell ? street, arid * drove
away ' to j"Golderij ; ;'.Gate ": Park "; and
round : the beach -yesterday. '~\ '• On their
return *"th~ey f were ; arrested > on i^the'; Iri
gleside road Jf or grand 'larceny^ • '
Tvio^ Boys <-En joy a Ride.
HpHBp^aE^mnHBBfif^ Friday; Nov.-4.— -
Br ' »tm'r - Wellington, \ Cutler. Ladysmlth, ' B
C; Western 'Fuel' Company. . ' fr ' ¦; ;. .. -
,' Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander.". San; Diego and
way sorts: Pacific Coast Steamship -Company.
Stmr Montara. Bowen,- Seattle; Pacific ; CCast
Steamship Company. ..»-•,¦ . -„. :
- Ger- shls Altalr, : Reiner, ' London; Balfour,
Guthrle'&'Co.' <> • • •.....=. . . .
Br ship Sccttleh; Moors, Tedford, ; Bal
fnur. GuLhrla & Co. - ,• - ¦- ' I' ¦;'-. ."-'¦.
CLEARED.
Friday,. Nov.. 4.
Stmr Glp«y» Gray, . 26 hours- from" Monterey.
Stmr ' Pomona, . Swanson, • 19 hours ' from
Eimka. - -i ' - ' - . " .'¦'" -
Stmr Acapulco.' Morton, 23 daya 7 hours and
7 minute* from . Aneon. via Mazatlan 6 day*
U hours and 10 minutes. ¦ ".-. . - -••.-- ¦¦ ,". ,
< Stmr Navarro,* Jacobs," 11 hours from Bowens
Stmr ' Areo, Dunham, 27 hours from .- Eel
River. ¦ -¦ "¦ ¦¦¦ •' ¦ . "' i
Stmr San 'Pedro, RMmussen, « 26 hour* -from
Eureka. «i ¦¦•¦•.- • . • •
Stmr Cella, Smith. 20 hours . from Albion. '
«tmr Samoa, Madeen, 41 hours from Caspar.
Etmr Gualala. Kalnln, ¦ 14%^ hours : from
Delmar. •' ' ¦. " . • -^ * :
Stmr >Mandalay, Smith, 40 noun from Ban
Pedro.'.- - .... '- . ¦ ¦¦ '. -•----¦ V
. Stmr i Whittier, ' Dlckson. — • , hour* from
Astoria.' V***™tttEM*^&BKi&g&*Wnti&&%g3
StmrF.A Kllburn, Thompson, . 7 houn , from
Port Rogers.- "1 ' ¦; "--.'i--, ¦". "
Stmr . Ftiltoo, ¦ Panzer.' . 4S hours . from . San
Pedro. . . : .>''¦ .-'¦¦'. :
¦ Whaling stmr. Thrasher,"' Macomber, 22/days
from Arctic Ocean. ¦- ;•' -',¦¦' '.-¦.••
Whaling: stmr -Narwhal, t*avltt, 16 days
from Dutch -Hr-rbor. ' V«<i»S*»J 1 "»V>^t»-5"**UjK
Br i ishln I-ady . Doris. Wood, i 75 days .; from
Newcastle," Aua
ARRIVED,
SIUPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
The Tims Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e., at neon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. 'J.' C. BURNETT,,
Lieutenant. U. S.-N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. J San FranciBco, . Cal.,
November 4. 1904.'
Time Ball.
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Resolved. That we recommend to the voters
at the approaching election the adoption of
said proposals. ¦¦; y ,'. . .
seawall . there will follow ' the redemption of
about twenty 50-vara lots, which will be of
great value to the State; therefore be It
"Summit Snow" flour on sale at Smith
Cash Store. 26 Market street. •
day adopted the recommendation of
the joint committee that no special
election be held In January for the
submission of _the school - charter
amendments ; mandamus .proceedings
will "be brought in order that the
courts may decide whether the con
stitutional requirement is obligatory
on the board to submit the amend
ments at once.
President Roncovieri of the Board
of Education declared, yesterday that
it the Board of Supervisors next Mon-
Will Mandamus Supervisor?!.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer. ] From. I Du*-
Elizabeth I Coquille River Nov! 5
Callfornian...! Seattle I Xov. 9
Mackinaw ' Tac-oma jXov. 6
Corcnado Kail Pedro Nov. 6
n. \\. Elder. J Portland A- Astoria Nov. 6
S. Barbara...! Grays Harbor Nov. 5
Certral'a I Grays Harbor INov. 5
F. Leggtt ! Humboldt INov. 6
Sequoia j.Willapa Harbor |Nov. 6
C. Lindauer. .j Grays Harbor .-..". Not. 6
Xewburg Grays Harbor Xov. 6
Ar.-tlc Humboldt Nov. «
Chlco I Coquille River |Xov. 7
Xi-vsdac ' Honolulu A Kahulul. JXov. 7
City Puebla.. '. Puget Sound Ports |Nov. 7
State of Cal..j Pan Diego & Way PU.INov. 7
Corona Humboldt INov, 7
Eureka Humboldt INov. 7
Del Xorte Crescent City 'Nov. i
A!l arco Portland & Way Ports. iNov. 8
Memphis | Hamburg & Way Port»|Xov. 8
Coos Bay San Pedro-, & Way Pts.|Nov. 8
Pcmo Point Arena & Albion. JXov. 8
Argo Eel River. Ports INov. 8
C. Nelson Seattle & Tacorna. jNov. 9
Northland San Pedro |Nov. 9
Marchuria... China & Japan INov. "J
Arcata Coos Bay &. Pt. Orford. |Nov. 9
Ammcn Seattle INov. a
Freak water.. Coon Bay |Nov. 8
Pomona Humboldt jNov. 10
Columbia Portland & Aftorla iNov. 10
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena]Nov. 10
Santa Rota... San Diego & Way Pts.iXov. 10
Barracouta... Xew York via Ancon. I Xov. 10
XorthFork.. Humboldt 'Nov. 11
Bonlta Newport & Way Port«.|Xov. 12
Coptic Cblna and Japan Xov. 11'
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Xov. 12
Redondo Portland &-Astoria Nov. 13
Alameda Honolulu |Xov. 15
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. 1 Sails. Pier.
_^ I ,^_— »
November 5. I
Argo Eel River Ports.. I 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
CltyPsra.. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella.... Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Coronado... Grays Harbo r 4 pm|Pier 10
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm|Pier 2
Centralla.. Los Angeles Ports. 110 amIPIer 10
X. Fork.... Humboldt 112 m< Pier 20
MonUra... ' Seattle direct 112 mlPIer »
November 6. I I
F. ]>ggett. Los Angeles Ports.ilO am|Pler 2
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amIPIer to
Jeanle fieattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt l:3OpPler a
S. Rosa j San Diego & Way. U am Pier 11
i November 7. 1
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 5 pm'Piqj- 20
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 amlPler 11
Bonlta Xewport & Way.. 9 am'Pler 11
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm|Pler 2
November 8. J
O. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier.... Seattle & B!lnghm 4 pm Pier 10
November 9. I
Northland.. Astoria & Portland! 5 pmlPier 27
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B.| Pier 16.
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Doric China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Arctic Humboldt ..... 9 am'Pler 2
Corona.../. Humboldt l:30p]Pler »
Chico <*o<jullle River I « pmjPier 2
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 20
C. Xelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pmiPler 20
November 10. |
SJerra. Sydney & M'ay Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Xewburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. Lindauei Grays Harbor. 4 pm Pier 2
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ean Ditgo & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 11.
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier S
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
1 Coos Bay.. Fan Pedro & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Xevadan... Hono. & Kahulul Pier —
November 12.
Acapulco.. N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Atnmon.... Hamburg fc W Pts 10 am Pier 19
November 13.
Columbia.. Aetorla 4- Portlandfll am Pier 2 i
November 15. J I '
Manchuria. L China & Japan f 1 pmjPier 40
FROM SEATTLE. ,-.
!
Steamer. Destination. „ Sails.
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 7
Cottage City, j Skagway & Way Ports. INov." 7
; Bertha j Cooks Inlet & Way PtslNov. 10
Husnboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. INov. 11
Santa Ana.. . ' SMdovla & Way Ports. JNov. 10
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
The Kosmof steamship Anubis. bound to thl«
pert from Ha.tr.bcrg. left Valparaiso yesterday.
The A!amed« reached Honolulu yesterday ajid
the Coptic from Yokohama Is also In that port.
TJ»* Siberia is at Hongkong, bound for San
rronclfco.
M. T. Eailey Is now chief officer of the
A<_«uulco and the liner looks shipshape in
1-tT.aeo.Henee.
7r-< 6cbooD«r AfJvtnce, from this port nr
:•'<.; r.ff tl ;c mouth of the Coquille River Xo
vrmber I. In trying t o cross the bar she
r. :rJ i htavlly aruJ iE new at Bandon leaking
Captain Anderson of the bark W. W. Case
met his sister, a Mrs. Johansen. Just
trrfM Norway, whom lie had not «een for t*ren.
ty-tuo >cars.
Water Front Xotes.
Jc.hn Lambert, a tailor employed on board
the rteaiKer Montara, fell from the gangplank
of tha vefsel early yesterday morning as he
was boarding the steamer at Beale-etreet
»harf. Lambert and Fred Etempcr. a »hip
mate, after spending several hours ashore.
vere goin» aboard the Montara. Stemper
Ftates that he heard a splash and eaw Lam
bert ctruRKling in the water. Before be could
b* rescued r< e&nk acd the body has not been
fourd.
Fell From the Gangplank.
Steamboat Inspectors Wanted.
Ancttver vessel nfi» r>ecn aaaea 10 in* o*«*
due Beet, and this port will be more Interested
In her dfiay, at ehe is bound here. She Is the
snip Notre Dame d'Arvor. which called from
Newcastle. Australia. 1C1 day* ago. Ehe starts
on the reinsurance li£t# at 10 v per cent.
The Firene is 15* days from Liverpool to
Valparaiso and her reinsurance Is 90 per cent.
The ehlp Troop. last seen out of her course
making for Hongkong. 1* 68 days from Manila.
fcr t^t. Helena, 25 per cent. t
The reinsurance of the ehip Bretagne. 147
rtays from Kobe fcr Taltal. has been raised to'
25 per cent.
The Italian thip Ga*tona Casabona. 135 day§
from Sydney for Table Bay, U now reinsured
et 40 prr cent.
The Ph^nir, 152 day* from New Tork to
Another Overdue Ship,
Showers have occurred in Xorthern Califor
nia. Oregon and Washington. Cloudy weather
prevails generally In California.
The temperature Has fallen slowly along th*
coast.
A maximum wind velocity of 60 miles- per
hour from the southeast Is reported at North
Head.
. Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 5: . i
Xorthern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, with showers In central
portion; fresh southwest winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; fresh
southwest winds.
Xevada— Cloudy Saturday.
- San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Satur
day; fresh westerly winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday;
fresh southwest .winds. - . - ,
Sacramento — Cloudy Saturday; fresh eouth
erly winds.
Fresno— Cloudy Saturday; fresh northwest
winds. '
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
. . ,»
FORECAST.
WEATHER COXDITIOXS AXD GEXERAL
' THE COAST RECORD.
3 W£h ft I
STATIONS. 2. ~g $3 ?£ J& £•
... : e I ' f* : 'i'-^f
: . a a • • •
Baker 30.02 58 34 SW Cloudy , .00
Carson 29.08 62 28 W Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.12 58 44 XW Clear .56
Fresno - 30.00 68 42 NW Cloudy .00
S. E. FaraJIcn.30.O5 61 50 NW Clear .01
Flagstaff 29.08 58 20 E Clear .00
Pocatello .. 24 ...
Independence .29.06 -66 3S 'SE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 00 76 50 W Cloudy .OO
Mt Tama!pais.3O.O6 54 45 SW Clear .05
North Head.. 30. 02 ,58 50 S Pt.Cldy .02
Phoenix 29.94 78 52 W Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 30. 00 f.9 63 NW Clear .03
Portland 30.06 54 42 S . Clear .06
Red Bluff 30.06 GO 44 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.08 58 40 SW Pt.Cldy .06
Sacramento ..29.t»6 K2 48 SE Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.02 CO 38 W Clear .00
San Franclsco.30.06 Co 54 W Clear T.
fi. L. Oblspo. .30.04 64 46 W Cloudy .(M>
San Diego 29.00 70 54 NW Pt.CMy .00
Seattle 30.12 58 42 R Pt.Cldy T.
Sfckane 29.96 «4 30 SW Cloudy .00
Tttoosh .. 50
Walla Walla. 30.00 58 38 S Cloudy T.
Winnemucca .30.00 62 24 NE ¦ Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.94 80 54 E Clear T.
The barkentlne^ Addenda, reported Bome time
ago ashore at Palltser Bay. New Zealand. Is
no»- finding her finish. She was got afloat
and reported eafe. but a dispatch to the Mer
rhar.ts' Exchange yesterday eays the vessel has
again blown ashore and cow lies badly dam-
Bgi-i in an exposed position. Efforts were made
* to <3iag her oft the shore, but her hull Is stuck
fan The tarkentine will be eo!d where she
lie*. ,- ¦ y;-
Finish of the Addenda
i ' Last evening there was an enter
tainment, but 'overshadowing all was
the desire of the visitors to lay bare
the booths and tables so that Trinity
Church should rear tho benefit The
country store % w&s depleted of every
thing, the Dutch inn was like an Inn
in a besieged city, having very little
left; the comforter booth had few
comforts remaining and all the other
booths had a similar satisfactory ex
perience.
- Trinity Presbyterian Church bazaar
closed last ni&ht, with everybody high
ly delighted at the results. From the
beginning the affair was a huge suc
cess, the ladies of the church having
worked indefatigably day and night
for the cause.
Closes With Booths Depleted of Stock
• and the Cause Wili Consequently
> Reap Good Profit.
TRINITY CIIURCH BAZAAR
EXPERIENCES SUCCESS
The Pacific Mail eteamshlp Acapulco caroc
. into port yesterday from Panama and Mazat-
Un. She had a light cargo of 67* tons, eleven
l .iss'r.t- : - in the cabin and eighteen in the
M«waee. eight being Chinese bound for Hong
korrjr. Mrs. W. H. Avery. wife of the general
figt-r.t of the Tcyo Kisen Kaisha Steamship
Ccmpany. is returning home to this city. The
r.ther cabin passtngerii are Joseph H. Mason
and wife, Mrs. L M. Hammond E. M. Hunt
er, A. W. Redpath. Mrs. A. Redpath. William
TVolfekul and several Asiatics.
The Acapulco will I* gin discharging her
cargo at the little dock after the departure
• To-day of the steamship City of Para. The
Pacific Maii official* are forced to adopt this
treasure in criJcJpation of the unusuaJly large
cargo of the Manchuria scheduled to arrive
n'xt Wtdncsday. when cubic fe«t on the docks
will be at a premium.
Movements of Stenmers.
(120th Meridian— Padfl? .Time.)
SAX FRAXCISCO. Xov. 4—5 p. m.
The following maximum and "minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day lr^rn
Eastern cities:
Cincinnati 6S-5O1 Philadelphia 60-44
Boston «5O-44| Washington 58-44
Jacksonville 8O-6O'Xew York '.58-44
St. Louis 68-54 1 Pitts burg 60-40
Chicago ....60-52 Honolulu, H. I...S0-74
New Orleans ....CS-56!
SAX FRAXCISCO. .....CO-54
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of. the same date
laet season and the rainfalls in' the last.twen
• ty-four hours:
! Last" This Last •
Statlonc — 24 Hours. Season. > .' Season.
Eureka 0.28 5.4.1 4.98
Red Bluff 0.00 0.13 -« 0.96
Sacramento 0.O0 5.50 0.49
San Francisco ... Trace 7.53 • . 0.66
Fresno O.00 5.04'i^v, 0.00
Independence 0.00 0.47 flS 0.42
S. L. Oblspo...... ,0.00 4.49 . O.02
Lou Angeles O.OO 1.13 0.4.1
San Diego -O.00 '0.16 ' O.O7
dried prunes. 750 lbs raisins. 203,478 lbs tal
low. .414,450 lbs asphaltum, 32 pkgs household
goods and 3 ptgi books, valued at ?315,Ot2.
The shin also carried 3500 ft lumber as dun
nage valued at $r>5.
. Srhr Advance,- hence: Oct 24,',whlch arrived
at-' BandonNov; l,i struck .on -bar while enter-
Ing that port and* Is, leaking badly.
¦ I/>XDOX.- Xov'4— Bktn Addenda, from Lyt
tle,ton Oct 12. for:Xewcastle, Aus, previously
reported -ashore In, Pallisen. Bay, bad ' been
floated but. .again- drifted ¦. ashore, where she
now. lfes;; 1 . vessel: Is, badly , damaged and will
be'oold «t auction. .'; ;y< . ¦ ".: ' ~ ' ¦ . - -•
Fr bark Anjou, Le .Tallee. .Sydney; Le Tal
lec. master.' ' ;"¦ .-¦"¦, ' >'•->
Kr.bark Emille Galllne, CourrlRes, Queens
town; G W McXear.' . ¦
. SAILED.
,¦ - ¦¦*-.»¦;¦.'¦¦'-' ¦'¦-"'•¦'. Friday. Nov. 4.
U B.jtmr Petrel. ~ Sherman, Magdalena Bay.
Stmr Newport. Corning. Pigeon. Point.
Stimr Dircka, .Iffwn, Kureka.
stmr Signal. Bendegard, Coos Bay.
Mr stmr Wellington. Cutler, Lady smith,
Stmr Glcwy, Gray.' Santa Crui.
StmrArcata. Macgenn,--Coos Hay. • ¦
Stmr Montara, Bowen, Seattle. i
Stmr Breakv.-ater. Seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Casoar. ¦ •
Schr C T Hill. Mellberg. Tlllamook.
- Schr Josephine, . Ltndbrldge, Cllpperton
Island. ¦
CORRECTION.
Stmr Aurella. arriving last night, arrived
from Astoria, and not -Seattle, as reported in
thipping. ; . ... ¦ /:.•:.•'••.
DIED.
On board whaling stmr Narwhal, off Point
Barrow. -Sept 11. 190 »,. Henry Blackburn,
steward, and was burled on Point Barrow the
next day.
' • " - SPOKEX.
Oct 28— Lat 3S 12 N, long-~4 14 W, Br ttmr
Cumbal, f rom ¦ New York, tor Valparaiso, .with
machinery slightly dltarrangrdr <JIU. not require
any arsistance. ".-..' . -. :
Sept 25-^-Lat 31' N.-'ilont 26 W, Fr bark
Eiifene' Fautrel, fiom-Hamburs, for. Oregon, j
Ausr P 2J— Lat 14 N. lens 2tl W, Ger ship
Herzogln Sophie Charlotte, from Leith. for
Houolulu. ¦'-¦¦-
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Xov 4, 10 p m— W'eather
cloudy; wind N"VV: velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
SEATTLE — Sailed Nov 3 — Stmr Norwood,
for Grays Harbor; sehr Aloha, for Honolulu.
Nov 4— Stmr City' of Puebla, for 8an Francis
co: stnr City of Seattle, for Ekagway. .,
Arrived Nov 4 — Stmr I'malllla. hence Kov
1; ptmr A! Kl, from Skagvay.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 3 — Stmr Rival,
from Bowens Landing. -
Sailed Nov 3 — Stmr Arrow, for Mazatlan:
schr \V. F Wltzemann,' fcr Grays Harbor,
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Nov 4-A-Bark
James Neomlth, from Port Hadlock.
Sailed Nov 4 — Schr Manila, for San Fran
cisco. »' .-¦¦ .' *
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Bee,
hence Nov 2; stmr, Coquille River,' hence Nov
2; etmr Corona, hence Nov 3.
Sailed Nov <4— Stmr Prentlsa, ¦ for San.Franv
ClfCO.
UMPQU A— Arrived Oct 31— Schr Lucy, from
San Pedro; schr. Sadie, from San Pedro. Nov 1
— Stmr San Gabriel, from San Pedro.
EVERETT— Sailed Nov 4 — Bktn John
Palmer. . for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 4— Stmr Asuncion,
for Seattle. •
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived . Xov 4— Stmr
State of California, hence Nov 3, and sailed
for San Diego and way ports.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 2— Stmrs
Centralla and Santa Barbara, for San Fran-,
clsco.- Nov v 3 — Stmr Q C Lindauer, for San
Francisco.
Arrived: Nov 4 — Stmr Santa Monica, hence
Nov . 1; schr A B Johnson, hence Oct 23; schr
Lizzie Vance, hence Oct 28; schr Sausalito,
hence Oct 23.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Bruns
wick. henr» Xov 3. .
ABERDEEN— Arrived Xov 4— Stmr Santa
Monica, hence Xov 1.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Alame
da, hence Oct 20; Br «tmr Coptic, from Yoko
hama. - .. • ¦
EASTERN .PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Sailed Nov 3— Ship Ban.
g-alore. for San Pedro, ,and passed Reedy
Island. . '
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Xov 3— Stmr Umatilla,
hence Xov ' 1 . , - . ¦ .
Arrived Nov 4 — Stmr •Tremont, from Hong
kong. ¦-.-¦. ¦ .
BRISBANE — Palled Nov 3 — Br*stmr Moana,
for Vancouver. ' "
VALPARAISO— Sailed Nov 2— Br ship
Lonsdale. for Port. I-os Angeles; Ger stmr
Anubls. fort Kan Francisco. :..
GREENOCK— Sailed Oct 23— Br ship Cedar
bank, for Victoria. '
- COLON— Arrived' Nov 8— Stmr City of
Washington, from New York.
SOUTH AFRICA— Arrived prior, to Nov 3—
Br stmr Satsuraa. from New York.
ACAPULCO— Sailed ¦ 'Xov 1— Stmr City of
Peking, for Ancon.' Xov 2— Stmr Barracouta,
fcr San Frnnclsco. ; .
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr Siberia,
hence Oct 7. - • ,•..'< . '
' OCEAN STEAMERS.'
LIVERPOOL^Salled "Xov " 4— Stmr Ham- |
burg, for ¦ New York. ' '-.--
Arrived Xov 4— Stmr Cevic, from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived • Nov 4— Stmr La Gas
cogrne. from Xew/Y6rk/^feSMS»*$sa[5gfi(Mei
GLASGOW— Sailed. Xov. 4— Stmr Celtic, for
Liverpool. .-¦:•-»¦ • '
CHRISTIANSAND— Sailed Sept 28— Stmr i
Island, for New York. ,- ¦¦¦- - -
GIBRALTAR— Sailed. Nov 4— Stmr ; Princess
Irene for New York. , ¦ ,: ...
GENOA— Arrived -Xov "4— Slmf Koenlg
Albert. ' from Xew, Ycrk. ' ,
Memoranda.
Weather Resort.
I STEAM WHALERS NARWHAL AND THRASHER. WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM THE ARCTIC OCEAN' WITH LARGE 1
CATCHES OF BONE AND SPERM OIL. NOT DEPENDING ON SAIL ALONE," T HE STEAM BLUBBEK HUNTERS CAN I
FOLLOW THE HERDS OVER THE S EA. , • -. v ¦ . . . - ¦ ¦ • ' r l
¦¦ Whereas/ In making the prcposed expenditure
it -Is .fully- provided .that the. .interest -.on- the
bonds a ml the . sinking f u ml necessary to their
ultimate, payment j shall | be * paid out of ' rentals
and *. income • from I the , ; port,- .which " we > believe
will-toe •: ample :for;thet; purpose; 'and,;; : ..* .-. «<•
Whereas; r Incidental to the bulldlns o£ th*
G.^W. Pierce of Davisville spoke for
the farmers of. the fciacramento Valley.,
He said that the wheat growers of j the
valley were not. willing to. experiment
with crops for. the sole purpose of sat
isfying the miller so long "as there was
a sale for .the wheat that, they have
been accustomed to produce for a
"mixed market" at a fair profit. ~ How
ever, the' valley* growers were anxious
to advance . their interests ai.d as these
interests "are parallel with those of the
State, at large he . thought that farmers
in general would advocate a bill before
the • Legislature that . will provide all
necessary funds for experimenting on
the lines under discussion/ Mr. Pierce's
talk was' convincing, as was attested
by i hearty applause.
¦Mr. ; Frledlander : moved that a com
mittee of five be appointed by the chair
to attend to the preliminary, collections
of money' to carry on- experiments and
assist; in. -preparing a plan _ of action.
This 'motion was subsequently amend
ed to read th*at a committee of nine be
appointed, three from- the Board: of
Trade.. . . , ~ \ "; • .
-.Before adjourning General rChipman
Intr6duced ; a resolution ; that was unani
mously; adopted - favoring the ' Issuance
of /bonds'ih.the sunTof $2,000,000 by the
State for : water • front -j Improvements?
The' resolution ¦ read : v
FAVOR .HARBOR ; IMPROVEMENTS
! -Whereas; ; There '¦¦ is « now . pending before ' the
electors ' of - the * State ' of ' California an amend-
i mint ' authorising • a -, bond i Issue • by •> the ' State
of ' $2,0CO.00Q for " the . extension of the tea. wa II
¦ of San Francisco : with < a f view • to an increase
of .the; number of. Dlers; and," ' vi.3O6M9HSSH9
. "Whereas.*- Additional* facilities: are Impera
tively J demanded -¦;. by ' ' the Increasing ' demand
"which = the : Harbor ¦ Commissioners are » unable
to supply; and,v.- '¦¦•-.• - ••¦¦.-. . -..¦ " ¦¦ ¦-.
-.¦Whereas.".' The : highest .= Interests of .the pro
ducers of " the ! State * require ' that there ' should
be : at all - times ; ample ; accommodation . for } the
commerce teaklng; our, shores. as well as the
shipments ; of . our • produce to foreign; countries ;
and, v .t>w>**JBtlJ;'*ft6iJyg<fiBMSfrMHMggreQMi
SPEAKS FOR SACRAMENTO.
Mr. Friedlander made apt reference
to a story of the efforts of a farmer
who had a field of gypsum ' and
a field of grain close to each
other.' The farmer mined the gypsum
and fertilized a portion of his ground
in the formation of letters that spelled
the word "gypsum." The wheat grew
luxuriously and was a glorious adver
tisement of the benefits that had ac
crued from, the fertilizing process.
Mr. Frledlander thinks that Califor
nia .can make some similar demonstra
tion-of the value of renewing the
strength of worn out soil. He said that
in England, where fertilizing was
necessary, • the fields grew an average
of thirty bushels to . the acre, but in
California the . average yield was not
above ¦ fourteen bushels.
The speaker added that Professor
Shaw had said that he thought that
$3000 would be enough to start- with
and an additional sum of $5000 would
not be difficult" to obtain from the
Legislature.
Carey Friedlander spoke of the work
of-the Merchants' Exchange, the Cham
ber of Commerce and the State Board
of Trade in the line of promoting the
production of milling. wheat. Professors
Shaw and Wickson of the University of
California, who were present, had of
fered many valuable suggestions which
the speaker thought" worthy of trial.
Mr. Friedlander spoke of the good
that had resulted from legislative action
in the matter of water and forest re
serves, and reminded his hearers that
the Legislature had appropriated $30,000
to assist the advocates of that issue in
theirj work of carrying "out their ideas.
Before' the money mentioned had been
voted by the- State a subscription °f
512,000 was collected by thos^e interested
in the work.. The preliminary work of
the committees of the Board of Trade
and the Merchants' Exchange could be
provided for by private . subscription,
but Mr. Frledlander- said that : he
thought that the State Legislature
would willingly furnish , funds for at
least two years of research and. experi
mental labor.
VAL.UABI.iE SUGGESTIONS.
The commercial: bodies of the State
have at a definite plan of . ac
tion for the betterment* of the wheat
growing industry of California. Ban
Francisco has taken the initiative in
support of the theory that to produce
wheat that will meet with v the require^
ments of the. miller something- must be
done (to introduce more : gluten in the
grain/that it may be rendered unneces
sary for the manufacturers of flour to
purchase "foreign" > wheat to stimulate
the commodity that is harvested in Cal
ifornia, fields. ¦ .-. . „
Forty or more representative' business
men, most of whom are operators in
the produce and wheat' market, were
present yesterday at- the luncheon at
the ; St. Francis Hotel 'j arranged by
prominent J members of the Merchants'
Exchange with the object of affording
an opportunity to discuss a matter thai
is of vital Importance to farmers..
After luncheon Carey Frledlander,
secretary of the -Merchants' Exchange,
said: "We are here to talk over a very
important matter," and I think the time
has arrived for us to proceed to busi
ness."
Fairfax H. Wheelan was chosen to
preside, and in his introductory re
marks spoke of I the interest • that had
been aroused throughout the State over
the effort to make California wheat a
more marketable product-
General N. P. Chlpman said that the
question of advancing the standard of
wheat produced in the valleys of Cali
fornia was one that -should be given
close study. The gradual elimination of
wheat lands and the planting of fruit
trees and vines had probably been the
result of an effort to obtain Increased
revenue, but the fact remains that the
falling off of wheat produqtion is un
doubtedly due to something other than
this. - • .'
Growers Anxious to Improve
Conditions, but Desire the
Legislature to Assist
WANTS" 0FTHE VALLEYS
Business Men and Farmers
Discuss Important Matter
at an Informal Luncheon
It was the bringing: home of the har
vest of the sea yesterday morning when
the whalers Jeanette, Narwhal and
Thrasher came from the north with
their cargoes of bone and oIL The three
vessels are steamers, and when the
vdr.ds are unfavorable they stow their
canvas and follow the school, for a
whale when disturbed will steer to
windward, where a sailing ship cannot
follow. The steam engine is a factor
the great oil-producing animal of the
ocean cannot always shake out of his
loaming wake.
The Jeanette, Captain Xewth, has
10,000 pounds of bone as her share of
the season's hunt in the Arctic, while
the Thrasher, Captain Macomber,
brings down 4000 pounds of bone, BOO
barrels of oil, 72 foxskins and three
white bearskins. The Narwhal, Captain
Leavitt. after two seasons in the Arc
tic, has in her hold the bone and blub
ber of eishtecn whales, over 10,000
pounds of bone and 5000 gallons of oil.
She also has 100 pounds of ivory and
150 foxskins. The vessel brought down
from Dutch Harbor 2000 pounds of bone
belonging to the whaler Bowhead.
Among the returning sailors aboard
the Jeanette Is Frank Lewis, a 16-year
old lad, who ran away from his home
in Denver, Colo. He shipped on the
whaler last March and returns with an
Increased knowledge of the huge mam
mal of the sea. and none the worse for
ear. One of the crew of the Narwhal
is Walter Wells, who left the Bowhead
last year when Captain Cook of that
vessel, Wells says, made his vessel a
torrid zone for his men, even In the
Arctic. Wells lived with the Indians on
Hersehel Island and did everything
they did except tattoo his face. The
natives treated him with great kindness
and adopted him with much ceremony
into the tribe. He learned to eat seal
blubber In all degrees of age. and could
"mush" a crack dog turnout over the
Ice with the most skillful Indian whip.
Wells had no objection to being made
crown prince of the rancheria, and even
began to grow ambitious and look for
vard to the chieftainship; but they
picked out a wife for him. Wells said
she was a beautifuKcreature — as beau
tiful as a walrus, and about as shapely.
He declined the honor of being spliced
to this Arctic princess, and when the
big men of the tribe begran to consider
his refusal an insult and insist on the
wedding Wells Jumped the country-
And no moss grew under his "muck
lucks" as he hit the high places on the
tundra for the beach and the Narwhal.
SHIP BOUND FOR THIS PORT "HAS BEEN POSTED AS OVERDUE
WHALERS BRING IN THEIR HARVEST
BETTER WHEAT
THEIR OBJECT
THE SAN FRANCISCO, XALlJ; r .SATURDAY, |NO\ r EMBER 5, 1904.
Acapulco in Port
Th« fr.lted Slates Civil Srrvlre Commission
sr.nources sn examination on December 7 at
P»tv Francisco to fill a vacancy Jn the position
of inspector of hulls of steam vessel*, at $1200
per enaum. seventh steamboat Insj>ecUon dis
trict," OncSnnAti. Ohio; two vacancies !n the
jif.irition of «5slstant inspector of hulls, at $2000
i*r annum, steamboat inspection Ben-ice, New
Ycrk: a. vacancy In the position of local In
fpoetor of hu!)« of rteam verse!*, at $2250 per
annum, steamboat inspection service. Boston.
Mass.. and similar vacancies as they may occur
Irf that service. A?e limit, 25 to K> years.
Ari'lJ' to the United State« Civil Service Com
ir.i^ton. Washington. D. C, for form 1G<<7.
which should be properly executed and filed
trtth the commission at Washington. For
• form 1IC5, "information concerning examina
tions for en'.ranoe to the steamboat inspection
*»r»-le*." application should be made to the
Civil Service Commiseion, Washington, D. C.
7
SCHOOL of MUSIC
Every Parent, School Boy and School
Girl Should Become Interested. : : :
Any, one can learn to play by the i 1 "T|
new method of • teaching music by This is thm •
object lessons, which will begin in rrwrtort in-
THE SUNDAY CALL NOVEM- ' dn cement
> BER ao. After six years of earnest aver offered
study and experiment a method of in Caitrox-
teaching the desirable art of playing »ia. ,
' " the piano has been devised, by which '
_ any one can learn to play and at the
.- • same time get a fundamental knowl- s
edge of the theory of music. If you
have found studying music a difficult
- ¦ task, .all the difficulties are removed
for you by this new system of sim-
plifying music by object lessons.
Any. one "or every one can be bene-
fited by studying the course of les-
sons which will be given in THE
I ' ' ' '¦' ~~l SUNDAY CALL commencing NO-
f I VEMBER ao. The new method is a
gPfe.* revelation of simplicity, and places
fil}* *m «A #^k the art of piano-playing in* every-
W^ IflJI Hi.^ body's hands. The method hac ths
;• M^mMA^r '. unqualified indorsement of all the
noted musicians . and teachers who
W . have examined it, and even that emi-
1 (O^*» - nent P ianist » known the world over,
ILjgf^L^^J , Josef Hofmann, has given his ssal of
approval of it.
r V The course, as it will be published
#% by THE SUNDAY CALL, will treat
. eacn key and * ts relat * ve minor key
WVAflv in one lesson, making twelve (ia) les-
sons in the course, comprising all
«¦% '- the different scales. All who will
M V*£^fl^ follow the course should be able to
W* B %3%3 pl a 7 * n an y key and have a funda-
• "* mental knowledge of music and har-
-v mony which they would not be able
I ' to get in years of ordinary study.
|T~J [ The first lesson will be published No-
vember ao, and if you desire to fol-
low the -course you should order from £
your dealer or newsboy the entire
course. If you want -to play the
piano or organ, now is your opportu-
nity. Order the SUNDAY CALL
at once. There is no expense at-
tached to this course of piano lessons
other than subscribing to. THE > ? '- -¦"'
CALL. All charts and necessary in- j I
structions are given free to every "^w P jf r "
reader of the SUNDAY CALL. If J? r 7? t^
• you are not a reader you are missing ' i«rnto*il.
Si. great opportunity. Watch THE ISSASS
CALL for announcements of promi- tte opportu-
nent musicians indorsing the system n jty.
which this paper gives absolutely free. I 1
REMEMBER; fl>
The first, lesson will be given in TEe Call
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20
AT>VEK11SEM]CT<TS. ;
wBti^^ HJj B9 u £31 Bom Kl %nS £SJhH^& tot *lpt i SS
ffffl and daily excursions in Pullman tourist
Mff sleeping cars without change from Los^^
mm Angeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, SanW
J» Francisco, ' Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, l^a
Iff Stockton, Sacramento and other California IB
1 1 points via tKe SouthernTacific, Union Pacific 1 1
IB and Chicago & North - Western Railways H 8
II throug. J0 CHICAGO II
ijk and the East. Fast trains.. Excellent BB
V^service. Dining car service a la carte. ffB
Choice of routes. Low round-trip rates - i fl%3'
\Jk Double berth to Chicago only $7.00 :^£.
iji Soutitra FutSt ticket agtcts for fall inisrsitiwL jtx^^PP\^)t±
_£tiff\jir\ 'jk R. R. RITCHIE. Gmeral Agent Pacific Coast, IJ) III' UwT
Jm&eSS&fflYl C.AN.-W.RY..617M»fkitSL.P»lacaHotel._^fy^Hial>l
_^fjrfTvfTHIli s ' r " B00TH> 6enI * flent r " >r Dtpt j4j&ZdMt*&£& ! khis idea;
Mrs.- Newwed— I "think baby takes
its thick suit of ; hair, from" its ; papa.' 7
\ .1 Old !* bachelors-May^be '^ that's I why] its
oana hasn't "an£ "•"-'¦ :?v " ' -.'.!-•.>.'>:'
GAVE HERSELF AWAY.
- Eddie (aged 5) — -Say, .. maw, ¦- what. do
you make chicken salad out of?,
Mrs. Feedem 'Poore (who runs a
boarding-house, absent mindedly)— -
Veal. - - V
fCT^HE Second Mrs. Jim," by Stephen Conrad, a story of plain,
I old-fashioned folks, told by the second Mrs. Jim herself, is
one of the most enjoyable fiction offerings that The Sunday
Call has given. The book, which is written in the first person, filled
with quaint, homely turns of humor and pithy axioms, will be
published complete to-morrow. The second Mrs. Jim is in all re
spects a remarkable woman. Well past the first blush of girlhood,
she marries "Mr. Jim" and assumes the task of instilling herself
into the affections of his children. How well she succeeds and how
nearly she approximates the ideal as a stepmother and as a mother
in-law can best be understood from the modest story of her life,
¦which she tells over the kitchen table. Her wholesome, sweet
tempered disposition, her out-and-out fun. and her shrewd, kindlv.
and tactful method of winning all points that are legitimately hers,
give her at once front rank as a character new to fiction^
"The Adventures of Reuben/' by Edward W..Townsend, which
have proven entertaining reading for some.- months past, are con-,
eluded with two unexpected marriages. "On and: Off the Bread
Wagon," by Charles Dryden, being the chronicles of an amateur
"hobo" from the pen. of a former San Francisco newspaper man,
are continued through the formatrve and imaginative period of boy
hood up to the time when the native hamlet is left behind and the
aspiring youth sets forth to conquer the world. 5 : The. early South
ern" idea of a gentleman and his honor is aptly burlesqued in a
humorous dissertation by M. Quad in "Colonel Bunker— He Tells
of a Poem and a'Duel."
Other features are "Whipping a Big Team Into Shape," in whicH
i^ described the trials and . anxieties of 'coach "and trainer in getting
the varsity team into shape for the annual game;, a paper on the
distinctive characteristics of various national dances ; two pages for
women: "The Trousseau of the Bride of the Cro^n Prince," by
Augusta Prescott,, describing the trousseau of Cecilia, bride-elect: of
the Crown Prince of Germany ; and MadgeMoore's page, "The; Pos
<ibilities of a Hat," and the usual ouzzle bace. SfflfrrfsHBjgjfi
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
RIBBON WAISTS.
We like them as well as ever for
trimmings, and as for sashes, it is only
because of the more somber attire suit
able . to the season that prevents the
handsome sash ribbons from being as
much in evidence as ever. They figure
in all sorts of girdles.
We come not to talk of these old fa
vorites, however. Now quite: the latest
thing is to have a waist entirely of rib
bon. You say that is not new. But it
is. -Instead of the more or less narrow
ribbons : used for waists • of yore these
new waists are composed of the dainty
hued ribbons,- with a- stripe along .the
edge,- and, nearly .as wide as ordinary
silk. The lengths of ribbon may- be
sewed together by means of a. fancy
stitch, or the joinings, may be invisible.
These waists are the' latest bits of chic,
and a glance afthe'exquisitecolors and
designs of -these, new < wide ribbons- will
show one at a^ glance, just" how. lovely
they are, and give ;, even the 'least -Im
pressionable' mind an- idea of their de
lightful possibilities.— Philadelphia Rec
ord.
Ribbons hold a proud place!
HAT TIPS.
Furs and ¦ feathers* are combined:
Crush crowns are'eonsidered good,
Shirred velvet bows are advisable.
Strings are recommended for restora
tion hats.
Zibeline borders a chapeau de style in
white felt.
An occasion boat shapes has a very
high crown. ¦
.Hollow cut Jet. balls are admirable on
reseda velvet. ' )
SILK PETTICOATS.
- v Black, ; brown and champagne, col
ored/ silk "petticoats are very A f ashlon
able.. .WithT; the ,tatlored suits J,the
brown and ¦ champagne ' petticoats ; are
quite? a; feature, and : these: are'.fa'sh'-
Ioned t with ; two : wide.' pinked >ut . frilla
In many, cases ; supplemented ' : .with a
trimming-.of -colored .ribbon. . -
EUROPE'S POPULATION.
A" German contemporary^ states that
within i the 'last decade*, the* population
of -Europe has Increased', about ,'38i
000^000,'"' of : whom Rus8la£contributed
141000,000 and > France ' less than ] 100,
000. .¦>'.::;•¦: ,v -
The longest continuous stairway,: in'
the world ; is that' which leads to the
tower f6fpthe>Phiiadelphjai > City^Hall.
It has 1 58SVsteDs:v7** v /- .'}'¦*.;^ .'i'-'T. \;-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
It was "real, mean" of Miss Pauline
Mackay of Boston to beat Miss-Char
lotte Dod, the English champion, at
golf. But when the United States
can't be kept out of first place - in
everything, and as Walter Travis had
already .defeated the English men, it
was the duty of somebody to defeat
the women. So Miss Mackay did the
trick, and here's to her good health! —
Providence Journal.
He got sympathy and soon discovered
that it was the widow that he was
most in love with and he proposed.
She asked the boy to wait one year.
He did so, and last evening the 42
year-old widow Baker and the 22
yoar-old lad were married.
A year ago Frank Green of Sayvllle.
NJ Y., began to visit the family of Mrs.
Emma Baker, widow of the late Cap
tain Simms Baker of the United States
Life-saving Service, says the Philadel
phia North American. ."
Young'Greeri, who was but 21 years
old, was attentive to the handsome
daughter of the widow. The girl re
fi.sed him and the lad sought the
mother of the girl for sympathy.
'As- trade now stands, there is not
enough gold out of the. earth. If it
were all coined, to transact the busi
ness of a day.
+1 __ _^ _ — ; *
HOODOO STORY.
TELEPHONE— A. 8., City. , Tele
phone companies are not permitted to
maintain a. ten party line, for an ordi
nance of the Board of Supervisors says
that "No person, firm or corporation
engaged in the business of supplying
telephonic service to the city and coun
ty of San Francisco, or to the inhabi
tants thereof, shall connect, maintain
more than five telephone Instruments
upon any one party line. "The penalty
for violation of this ordinance Is that
provided in the maximum for misde
meanor. If you have any complaint
against any one furnishing "telephone
service you should make your com
plaint at the office and if there is no
redress you. can apply to the courts.
ESCHSCHOLTZIA— N. D.. City. The
flower of the /papa veracae, botanically
known as Eschscholtzia California,
commonly called the California golden
poppy, was so named for Johann Fred
erick Eschschol, a famous German bot
anist, and the name is pronounced es
scholl. not es-coll. The sound of th©
name of the flower is given as esh
scholts-1-a. with the o sounded long in
the New International Encyclopedia, in
the Manifold Encyclopedia, In La Rouse
Grand Dictlonaire and In the New Cen
tury Dictionary. All these books give
the same sound. Es-col-sha Is a local
ism. •
Here's a" hoodoo story of what hap
pened to the hoodoo elevator in the
City Hall, Philadelphia, the other day:
The hoodoo elevator is No. 13 and it
is in the southwestern corner of the
building.
Now.
The elevator was coming down,
when it stuck between the first and
the third floors (1 and 3 make 13) at
exactly thirteen minutes of .11.'."
There were thirteen persons in the
car/
One of them was cross-eyed and
one was hump-backed.
After working for thirty-one min
utes (3 and 1 reversed make 13) the
car was released and the imprisoned
passengers liberated.
One of the passengers was a woman.
She wore a hat trimmed with peacock
feathers.. Peacock feathers, it is no
torious, fairly reek with ill-luck.
That's all.
OLDEST LIVING TWINS.
She — So they were until '-he ran for
that office, and then she found out
through reading his opponent's-.cam
paign literature what a' villain he was.
She— She is suing for a "divorce.
He— I thought they were so happy?
CAMPAIGN LITERATURE.
Scotland claims to have the oldest
living twins in the world. It had been
reported that the brothers Benham of
Bridgeport. Conn., who are 87 years
old, were entitled to that distinction.
Scotland's aged pair are Thomas A.
and George Hill Melville of Fife. They
are in their ninety-fifth year. George
ia the frailer of the two and has been
totally blind for the last eleven years.
A, year or two ago, too, he was unfor
tunate enough to break his leg and he
is permanently confined ,to bed.
SORE THROAT CURE.
Take a cold sponge bath every morn
ing - in winter • as s well ! as summer. - rub
after it; until you glow, wear a union
suit of wool and walk in the open air
without. heavy. furs at your. throat. .
For a throat that seems not to be
seriously affected, merely Irritated,
there is no simpler way of curing the
trouble than by frequent gargling with
diluted alcohol— use a tablespoonf ul ' in
a half glass of warm water.
Use this every day. or. two, gargling
thoroughly. Learn to throw the gargle
very far back in ' the < throat.--"- " ' • ' •
Do not bundle up the neck. ' - ¦ „•
Townsend's California 'Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched btlxes. 715 Market at.*
FOREIGN BORN— H. L, R., Sacra
mento. -Cal. This correspondent ..asks:
"If a boy be born to American parents
while such were traveling in a foreign
country. Is such a boy legally a citizen
of the United States, and when of age
would he be entitled to hold any office
in this country? Would such a boy on
attaining his majority, be entitled to
vote without taking out naturalization
papers?"
The naturalization laws of the United
States say that the children of persona
who now are, or who have been, citi
zens of the United States are, though
born out of the limits and Jurisdiction
of the United States, considered as
citizens thereof. In view of thi9. chil
dren born to American citizens travel-
Ing through a foreign country or born
in a foreign country while the father
was In that country representing the
United States Government in an of
ficial capacity are full fledged citizens
of the United States, and such of these
as desire, on attaining majority, can
vote without taking out naturalization
papers. As to whether a boy 'so born is
eligible to the Presidency of the .United
States or any of. the 'offices that are in
the line of succession to- the Presidency,
has never been decided. ' The constitu
tion says that one to be eligible to the
Presidency must be "a native born "citi
zen." The Supreme Court of ,th«
United States;. has- never been called
upon to define what a native bora citi
zen, is in that connection..
- ' • Special • Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's).. 30 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala' 1042. •
WOW THEY DON'T SPEAK.
First artist's model— PairfterliLiott,
the] artist, Tsaid I •" was a regular. Venus
dejMilo; ,':.." •¦ ¦'/;..", -\\ ¦ A ~,^.
Second •; artist's imodel-^IM guess . he
'»as-referrihgito-you*rTaKe.^i*3,' r
Sir Frederick Treves* forthcoming
book, "The Other Side of the Lantern."
is an account of the eminent surgeon's
recent tour around the world. Sir
Frederick went by India and Burma to
# China, and he reached Japan ju?t
after the outbreak of the war. v "^ater
he crossed to America and was le
ceived by President Roosevelt at
Washington. Sir Frederick is a keen
observer, and those who read his little
book about South Africa know that he
wields a ready pen.
TREVES' NEW BOOK.
WOMAN GOLF CHAMPION
There is still another petticoat fad
and one that has grown steadily in
favor since its introduction some
weeks ago. This fad is for the wired
skirt. A light wire'is rurrln'the hem
of the skirt; another wire is run in
the skirt a "few inches higher and. a
third at the head of the flounce. This
makes a petticoat bouffant. ~in 1 the
prettiest way possible and it is a style
which can be recommended to every
one who wants a handsome skirt.
. Box plaited costumes in Russian
blouse style look well on a girl who is
short and stout. A straight box plait
ed skirt, box plaited Russian blouse,
threerquarter or hip length, closing at
the left side, sailor sleeves, with the
box plait' extending to the neck in
epaulet • fashion, or of. bishop shap
ing 1 , form, a becoming model... It may
be plain* "or trimmed with'embroi
dered bands or braid of a contrasting
color. •;'
If I should sing of •"Mary"
Don't' think that that's her name.
My colleen bawn's conthrary
And doesn't care for fame.
She sez 1 'twould make her fidget ' >•
To see her name In print, . ., ,
So I can't sing of— Murther! •
¦I nearly "'gev;a''hint!
She likes to writeh'me writin'.
A sonnet to her* eyes, 1 '
In poetry recitin' 1 ' '
The love that in me, lies,.
But holds one rosy digit',
Resthrainin' of me pen,
If I,' should call her— Musha!
I almost wrote it then.
. So whin the names of Nora.
•: An' . Nell '.. an' Kate. . betimes,
Or Mary. Rose, or, Dora
Are mintioned in me rhymes.
They mean that modest midget.
That charmin* little elf.
Whose name is — O! I'll l'ave ye
; To guess her name yerself.
— T. A. Daly, in- Catholic Standard and
Times. • ' , .
WIRING THE SKIRT.
THE MODEST COLLEEN.
FOR THE SHORT GIRL.
WOOES GIRL; WEDS MAMA
A WOMAN lost two little
' charms, the Joint gift of
God and a goodjnan. She
hunted long for- them. She
searched in parlor,, in ballroom
and in theater. She crowded men
from the great, gaunt buildings
where they earned their bread
and hunted there for her lost
jewels. She did things that made
the world take a quick little
breath and then call her a "good
fellow." .But she found them not.
"Weary and worn she went back
to the beginning, and there, in
kitchen and nursery, she found
the two "'white. stones," and writ
ten on one was "happiness" and
on the other "love."— Chicago
Record-Herald.
Almond Sponge Cake — Beat together
until light and creamy one cup granu
lated sugar and the yolks of four eggs.
Add three tablespoonfuls cold water,
one teaspoon »«f almond extract and
one cup pastry flour sifted twice with
one rounded teaspoon baking powder.
Beat thoroughly, fold in the whites
beaten until stiff and bake one hour In
a slow oven. Almond frosting.
Pork Cake— Chop fine half pound fat
salt pork, pour two-thirds cup boiling
.water on pork, one cup sugar, half
cup molasses, one teaspoon soda, erne
cup of raisins, one cup of currants, one
half teaspoon of all kinds of spice, one
teaspoon of salt, two cups flour. -This
makes two loaves and the cake i» bet
ter if kept three week3 or more, but
will be good any time after three days.
Beefsteak Loaf — Put two pounds of
beefsteak through your chopper (if you
have none get your butcher to cut it
up), two cups dried bread crumbs or
common crackers ground up, half
pound beef suet if there is no fat on
the steak, that ground up also, one
large onion ground - up, pepper, salt,
one cup of milk over the whole; place
it in a square or oblong bread tin. bake
In a hot oven half an hour or until
you see It shrink from the pan; It can
be turned out on a platter and sliced.
A PARABLE OF TO-DAY
FOR THE TABLE.
T UDGE PARKER has taken to the stump. Stephen A. Doug
las, Horace Grecle}% James G. Blaine and Bryan, when can
*** xlidates for the Presidency, went stumping, and they were
all beaten. The Judge did not need to follow their example in
order to meet their fate. His stump campaign is a regular ram
page, and his speeches consist almost entirely of personal attacks
on President Roosevelt. These attacks charge the President with
most serious offenses. His opponent accuses him of deliberately
entering into a conspiracy with the trusts, by" which money is
secured to buy the Presidency, in return for which his co-con
«pirators are to have immunity in the commission of illegal acts.
In 1900, Mr. Bryan made the same charge against President
McKinley, and Senator Hanna, chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee, in a speech in Lincoln, Mr. Bryan's home, openly
denounced him as a liar. It is not going too far to say that
Judge Parker is open to the same characterization. He has had
respectful treatment from the Republican party, and his virulent
course has had as little provocation as his charges have proofs.
The anti-trust law, framed by Senator Sherman and passed
by a Republican Congress, was the law during all of President
Cleveland's second term. The trusts were then in existence. They
flourished under the Wilson tariff. Mr. Cleveland's Attorney Gen
eral, who is making speeches for Judge Parker, officially proclaimed
that he had no authority to enforce the Sherman law and could
not prosecute the trusts. President Roosevelt found the law just
as it was when Olney refused to enforce it. Under his direction
seven great suits were instituted against the trusts by Mr. Olney 's
successor, and were all won by the Government. Where the Demo
cratic administration declared that there was no authority, Presi
dent Roosevelt found authority. The Democrats talked and he
acted. When he acted, the trusts and their organs manufactured
the Democratic campaign Issue against him by raising the cry that
he was "an unsafe" man for President. Up to that time that charge
was unheard. The Democracy took it from the trusts and have
used it as a club ever since.
When the merger case against J. J. Hill's railroad trust was
decided in the President's favor by the Supreme Court, all of the
Democratic Justices dissented, and wrote that charge into their
dissenting opinions. They held, with varying plainness of state
ment, that the President and Attorney General had no authority to
prosecute the trust, thus affirming the position of Mr. Olney and
the last Democratic administration. These are the record facts.
They have become part of the history of the country. The Presi
dent's position is written into the great anti-trust decisions, which
are a leading feature of his administration. Those decisions arc
the law of the land, which the President cannot bargain away if
he would. Under such circumstances, Judge Parker's accusations
i? a calumny, and its utterance is beneath the dignity of a Presi
dential candidate.
There is no other instance in our political history of the
descent of a candidate for that office to such merely personal slander,
except in the case of Mr. Bryan. It might have been expected of
Mr. David B. Hill, or that political chameleon, Mr. Bourke Cock
ran, or of any of the Democratic .campaign spellbinders. But it
was not thought that Judge Parker is so small a man. He has
absolutely no proof of that which he states as a fact within his
own knowledge. If taken into court a slanderer under the statutes,
his plea of justification could not be substantiated and he would
be found guilty. It is miserable business, but it shows that Mr.
David B. Hill knew his man when he had him nominated.
Mr. Bryan became noted for wild and inaccurate speech, but
Judge Parker has eclipsed him. In his speech at Meriden, Connecti
cut, he said : "After the recommendation six or eight years ago
that action should be taken toward curbing the trusts, the Re
publican party passed a statute to that end, but when we examine
that statute closely we find that it authorizes the President to
appoint a Cabinet officer to investigate the trusts. The information
he receives may be given to the people, or kept" private, as the
President may direct. The man he put at the head of that bureau
was his private secretary, and after the campaign opened he be
came chairman of the Republican National Committee, and the heads
of corporations knew what secrets he had that they did not care
Just what the muddled man is talking about is hard to find out.
The anti-trust law. which he seems to mean, was passed during
Harrison's administration, and under that law and the interstate
commerce act all of the trust prosecutions have been made. But
it did not provide for the appointment of any Cabinet officer. In
the same sentence he speaks of the creation of "a bureau," to which
President Roosevelt appointed his private secretary, Mr. Cortelyou.
Here he probably means the act of February 14, 1903, creating the
Cabinet Department of Commerce and Labor, which is not a bureau
at all. Out of this roily sentence issues, as a proper thing to come
out of mud slime, the charge that the President used official knowl
edge of "secrets" to force the trusts into a conspiracy with himself!
It is a charge fit to come from a man whose campaign has been
characterized from the beginning by ascribing infamy and crime
to the President of the United States. 'Democrats who love their
country and would keep its history clean are appalled by Judge
Parker's plunge into shame.
PARKER RAMPAGES.
Yesterday was another date under
scored in the annals of this city's .fes
tivities. The : great event of Edward
M. Greenway*a dinner dance was com
temporaneous with several small
affairs.
Some of these were in the nature of
forerunners of the scene at the Pal
ace—-gatherings informal, finally drift
ing, down to the whirl of splendor.
Among others who attended the
Greenway dance were Mr. and Mrs.
James Coffin, with guests, whom they
entertained* at dinner.
.. Amid the other^ travelers the brides
and grooms are flocking homeward to
settle about their new firesides by the
yuletide.
The recent arrivals are Mr. and Mrs.
J. C. Sims, who are located at the Mc-
Donald home on "Union street.
, ' Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Sutro will be
at home on the fij-st and second Sat
urdays in November.
Mrs. Edward Everett Park enter
tained eighty guests yesterday after
noon at a game of five hundred. The
score cards were attended by Miss
Margarita de Vecchi, Miss Downing,
Miss Elizabeth Sullivan, Miss Sophia
Sullivan. Chrysanthemums, cosmos
and greens were used effectively in
decoration. . •
The day for Mjss Irene Sabin's
debut has been set for November 19.
The affair will be a large tea given by
Mrs. John I. Sabin at her home, 2828
California street.
A recention and musicale will be
held this afternoon from 2 until 5 in
the art rooms of Paul Elder & Co.
during an exhibition of paintings and
sketches by Giuseppe Cadenasso.
Mrs. William Ldndsley Spencer was
hostess at a tea yesterday afternoon
for Miss Isabel Kendall. In the as
sisting group were Mrs. Kendall. Miss
Kendall, Mrs. Joseph Masten, Mrs.
Arthur Wallace, Mrs.- Thomas Benton
Darragh, Mrs. \V. E. Perkins, Miss
* • •
Miss Ethel Hager leaves to-day for
the East, where she will visit the fair,
but will return to San Francisco be
f t r ex Christmas.
Miss Marjorle Greenwood Josselyn to
day steps forward into the society
world. Her parents, Mr. and Mr*.
Charles Josselyn have sent cards for
a large tea in celebration of the event.
Miss Ruth Romaine will entertain at
h«?r home, 3231 Jackson street, this af
ternoon for the purpose of endowing
a bed for little people In the new
Hahnemann Hospital.
Many of the society maid* will as
sist in the arrangements and receiv
ing, and a programme will be given.
Articles of fancy worL and tea will be
for sale!
. • •
Miss Edna Mohr will give a linen
shower in honor of her cousin. Miss
Lubben. this afternoon.
The birthday of Robert Louis Steven
son will be honored on November 12 by
the Stevenson Fellowship. This is an
organization of his keen admirers, who
will commemorate the occasion by a
dinner at the California Hotel.
Miss Ethel Valentine, who la about
to depart for an Eastern trip, was
given a farewell luncheon yesterday by
Miss Maud Edith Pope.
Miss Mary Foster and Miss Anna
Foster of San Rafael are In St. Louis,
where they* are visiting relatives and
seeing the fair. ¦
¦ • •
Mr. and Mrs. "William Babcock are
expected to arrive at their home In
San Rafael to-morrow, after an East
ern trip of several weeks.
Mrs. George A. Hastings and family,
who have . been spending the summer
In Mill Valley, have returned to town
and are residing at 1575 Jackson street.
THE SAN FRANGlS)SQCAIj.L;
JOHX P. SPRECKELS «»»» Proprietor
~ " ADDRESS AM. OOMJCUNXCATXOy« TO
JOHN" McXAOGHT »» « Manager
PUBLICATION OrriCS.. THIRD AND MARKET 8TRKBT8. SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY . .NOVEMBER 6, .1904
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SH0RP-
THIS TRIO A WEIGHT TO ANY CANDIDATE.
THE ; ¦; SAN; FRANGISCO; CCALU SATURDAY, NOVEMBER ¦¦/ 5, -190 1.
8Californfcin Addresses Associate
Collegiate Alumnae at the
World's Fair.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 4. — Mrs. Cheney of
the University of California read a
paper on "Will Nature Eliminate the
College Woman?" before the Associa
tion of Collegiate Alumnae at its ses
sion at the World's Fair to-day.
"Summit Snow" flour on sale at Era
porium. 825-S55 Market street. •
If you desire a sood appetite and wish
to enjoy every meal you eat. take Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
Price of Refined Sugar Is Advanced.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4. — All grades of
refined sugar were, advanced 10 cents
a hundred pounds to-day. *
Appointed Railway Mail desks.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 4.— Frank J.
Cujley of San Francisco and Lewis
E. Stephena of Fulierton have been
appointed railway mail clerks.
Prince Fushimi Is Coming Here.
, WASHINGTON. Nov. 4. — The Jap
anese legation has received a cable
gram from Honolulu saying that
Prince Fushimi sailed from Honolulu
to-day for San Francisco, where he Is
expected to arrive on the evening- of
November 9 or the morning of the
10th.
3IRS. CHENEY SPEAKS
TO WO3IEX GRADUATES
VTe have converted our picture room
Into a beautiful gallery for the exhibi
tion and sale of moderate priced paint-
Ings, water colors. pastel3. etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially in
vited. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
A 'New Art Gallery.
When the police arrested Quong
Hoe on suspicion of having lottery
tickets in his possession he smilingly
Invited them to search him and even
aided their quest to the extent of turn-
Ing his pockets inside out and* remov
ing his shoes. Just as they were
about to confess themselves beaten
one Inquisitive member of the posse
bethought him of the prisoner's queue
as a possible hiding place and he
made a bit. Cunningly concealed in
the pigtail and completely covered by
the pleats were several of the sought
for slips of paper. Judge Mogan fined
the shrewd Celestial- % S.
stealing $5 from the room of a fel
low lodger in a Dupont-street hotel.
In dismissing the case the Judge toM
the young fellow that he might thank
his unblemished record for extricat
ing him from custody, as the evidence
for and against him was so equally
balanced that the character testimony
adduced in his behalf was all that
Norman H. Squire, husband of Mrs.
Grace Squire, who is under arrest on
several charges of burglary, arrived
from -Downleville yesterday after
noon and called at police headquar
ters. He broke down while talking
with Captain Burnett and said he
could not realize that his wife could
be guilty €C committing any crime.
She had^n'-'ver to . his knowledge done
anything of the kind before and It
was a mystery to him. She had left
him last September to spend the win
ter in this city with her little daugh
ter. •
After he had regained his compo
sure he was taken to the City Prison.
The meeting" between husband and
wife was affecting. He talked with
her for over an hour and after he left
her he declined to make any state
ment till he had an opportunity of
consulting with her attorney. He Is
not more than 24 years of age. Mrs.
Squire has promised a full confession.
After Talking With Her for Some
Time He Declines to Make State
ment to Public.
HUSBAND OF MRS. SQCTRE
VISITS HER IN PRISON
It was not long- after.-when Parra
observed that Mis3 Freeman's affec
tion for him began to cool and finally
an. open rupture ensued^ On Augurt
11 Parra made a demand for th.; re
turn of the earrings. No attention
was paid to it and subsequent ' de
mands. Yesterday Parra swore out
a warrant for Miss Freeman's arrest
for felony embezzlement.
".: The course of true love has not run
smooth In ¦ the case of L. T. Parra.
231 Oak street, and Miss Gladys Free
man. They had been keeping com
pany for some time, and on May 22
Parra bought a pair of diamond
screw earrings for $200 to make him
self "solid" with Miss Freeman. He
did not present them to her, but that
night he gave them into her posses
sion at her earnest request and she
tn turn wrote ©ut the following re
ceipt: "I have received a pair of dia
mond screws and I agree to deliver
them to L. T. Parra on demand.
"Signed, sealed and delivered this
22d day of May, 1904.
"GLADYS FREEMAN."
L. T. Parra Accuses Miss Gladys Free
man of Embezzling a Pair of
Diamond Earrings.
GETS, WARRANT FOR ARREST
OF FORMER SWEETHEART
Suits for divorce were filed yester
day by Marie M. Gwynn against
Charles A. Gwynn, a photographer, for
dtsertion; Minnie A. Ayer against Ed
ward A. Ayer, neglect: Thomas Garson
against Alice Garson, desertion; Christ
Kunge against Nettle Runge, cruefty;
Cathaxina Giuliani against Natale
Giuliani, desertion; Minnie Iverson
against Christ Iverson, desertion.
A motion was filed yesterday to set
aside the interlocutory decree of di
vorce granted last April to Isabel
Sarah Hamilton, "who sought legal
separation from John C. Hamilton on
the ground of cruelty after twenty
one years of married life. .
Judge Hebbard yesterday ordered
Jean Loupy, one of the proprietors of
the Pup Rotisserie, to pay his wife,
Lucy, $75 a month alimony and $100
counsel fees pending the trial of her
suit for divorce. Mrs. Loupy In her
suit asked for $100 alimony and $300
fees. The restaurant man in court
said that his share of the receipts of
the eating place was only $150 a
month instead of $2000, as Mrs. Loupy
alleged.
A divorce was granted yesterday by
Judge Graham to Margaret Baumels
tcr. who was deserted by Charles Bau
meister thirteen years ago.
Sir a II Share in Restaurant Profits Not
an Excuse— Only One Divorce
Is Granted.
I STUDENT AUTHOR OF DRAMA TO
BE PRESENTED AT SANTA
CLARA COLLEGE.
PROPRIETOR OF THE PCP_
ORDERED TO PAY ALJMOXT
Chase made many friends among the
business men of the city and his credit
was considered good. He was supposed
to be doing a good business in Insur
ance. Before leaving the cl£y Chase
cashed a number of checks at stores
in this city, which were refused at the
banks, as there were no funds ta cover
them. The Central Bank to-day levied
an attachment on his office furniture
to cover an overdraft at the bank, and
other attachments have been made.
Mrs. Chase, the young man's wife.
has no knowledge of his whereabouts,
and is at a loss to account for his sud
den disappearance.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 4.—An
drew Chase, a young man who came
to this city about three months ago,
and has since been operating in real
estate and insurance, has left the city
and no knowledge of his whereabouts
can be obtained. He has not been seen
since last Wednesday. There is a great
diversity of opinion expressed on the
streets as to his motives In leaving
the city.
' Mr. Smith's citation was then taken
up and when Mr. Hanlon offered to ex
amine Mr. Lipman. Attorney Sutro en
tered an objection /and said he would
carry It to the Supreme Court to de
cide whether any person could look
into the bank's books on such a doubt
ful proceeding. Lipman was allowed to
go, but Bannan and Shaw were exam
ined as to the first appraisement. They
said that no property was submitted to
them for appraisement and that they
had so reported to the court in the In
ventory, but explained that at the time
of Douglas' death the property listed
and valued at $514,000 had been on de
posit at the bank. They did not know
where it was taken.
The Information demanded by Spe
cial Appraiser E. C. Harrison as to the
value of the estate of J. M. Douglas
before the property was removed from
the Wells-Fargo Bank, was gained yes
terday afternoon in 1 Judge Coffey's
court, but not until after a warm legal
scrimmage. Attorney Alfred Sutro rep
resented the bank officials and resisted
the order to produce the information.
This was done, he said, not because
the bank did not want to give it cheer
fully, but because it wanted to be sure
that the court had jurisdiction, in the
matter and that the proceedings were
legal before it disclosed the business of
its depositors. Mr. Harrison partici
pated in the case and" City Treasurer
John E. McDougald, who Is trying to
recover $30,000 as inheritance tax
from the missing es/ate, was repre
sented by Attorney J. S. Partridge.
Attorney C. F. Hanlon was also pres
ent, representing William J. Smith, one
of the second appraisers, who was un
able to find any estate and who- cited
the first, appraisers. Homer 5. King.
William Bannan and B. F. Shaw, to
produce the first appraisement, which
was withdrawn from the files.
Cashier Frederick Lipman of the
Wells-Fargo Bank was in court at 2
o'clock, but he did not have the bank's
books containing the Information de
sired. After considerable parleying
among the lawyers. Judge Coffey per
emptorily ordered Mr. Lipman to have
the books in court at A o'clock. At that
hour an Inspection of the records dis
closed the fact that on the day of
Douglas* death, January 17 last,he had
$13,522 in cash on deposit, $43,004 in
Spring Valley Water bond3. 12.200
shares of Spring- Valley stock and 2200
shares of Contra Costa Water stock.
The cash had increased to J15.327 96 oa
March 2, when it was drawn by the
executors, W. J. and R. I* Douglas.
and redeposited In their name as ex
ecutors of the estate. On May 2 the
cash amounted to S27.0S2 TS and on that
day it and the securities were removed
from the bank. Thl3 is probably the
date on which it was sent to Nevada
and two days later the appraisers
found no estate to appraise.
Scecial Dtapatea to Tfce Call
The cast includes Gerald P. Beau
mont, William Johnson, Aloyslus Foley,
William McKagney, George Casey
Frank Ryan, William Crcwley. August
Aguirre, Lee J. Murphy, Leo Crystal
and John J. Ivancovich-
SANTA CI*A.RA, Nov. 4.— Much inter
est is attached to the preparations now
being made' by the", Senior Dramatic
Club of Santa Clara College to produce
at the college theater on the evening of
November 23 a religious drama entitled
"The Eternal , Light.** California." critics
will watch the'f effect of the new play
with special attention, as Its young au
thor, Martin V. Merle, who is still . a
student at the college, has Introduced
himself most favorably already 'by two
small playlets/ "The Cardinal's Pris
oner" and "The Prairie Judgment," the
latter of which scored a distinct suc
cess at the Alcazar. Theater, San Fran
cisco, last July.
The- present drama Is a tale of the
persecution,' full of the pomp and glitter
of the pagan court,' and Is built upon
the character of the famous boy mar
tyr.; Pancratius/ whom Wiseman in his
"Fabiola" has immortalized. Sebastian,
the giant .". captain In the Emperor* a
guard; 'the Emperor, Diocletian; Cor
vinus, prefect of Rome, and Dionysius.
father of Pancratlus^ are the principal
characters In, the drama.
The play? has been under
for nearly two .months, the Intention
being to. make It the most spectacular
and elaborate production that the dra
matic club of the ( old mission college
has yet presented. Brilliant scenic and
electrical effects, costumes copied from
famous paintings, specially prepared
music and a male choir of twenty voices
are the prominent features of "The
Eternal Light."-
A "miracle" effect Is Introduced in
the fourth act in a strikingly effective
manner. Pancratiua Is forced to his
knees hj. the Emperor's guards before
a. massive statue of the god Jupiter, to
whom he is commanded to pay homage
by Diocletian. In answer to his cry for
help a blinding flash' of light smashes
the idol to fragments and .leaves In its
place a brilliantly .lighted cross. «In the
midst of the sudden hush Pahcratius
clings to the cros3, sobbing, as the cur
tain descends.
In the closing scene of the drama a
double impersonation of the boy mar
tyr immediately after he is thrown to
the beasts In the Coliseum renders pos
sible a wonderful transformation scene.
In which the spirit of the young Chris
tian rises from the mangled body on
the arena floor. The courtroom of the
Emperor Is another brilliant scene. In
which nearly one hundred persons take
part.
Merchants Find He Left No
Cash and Bank Forecloses
on His Office Furniture
Money and Securities Are
Taken From Institution
and Removed Froni State
Tim Lasgnton'i good character
saved him from possible conviction of
petty larceny In Judge Mogan'a court.
He is 22 years of age, a cigar clerk
bv occupation ; an4 '«u '¦"• accused " of
Jesse . D^l Parsons of «7 5 . . Mission
street was convicted of having cruelly
neglected his wife and two young
children and will be sentenced . this
morning by Judge Fritz. For several
yean the man compelled the , woman
to beg from door to door and then
took all the money she obtained.
• • •
"With due respect for your sense of
chivalry. Mr. Carter,** said hia Honor
Mogan, "I shall be compelled to pro
nounce you guilty as charged unless
you prove that you were merely acting
as an agent for another. The only
way in which that proof can be fur
nished, it seems, ia by producing your
alleged employer."
"Nuffin* on ea'th could Indoose me
ter do dat, Jedge, yo* Honnah," was
the fervent rejoinder.
As he was paying a fine of $5 to
the clerk Mr. Carter replied In the
negative to a whispered query as to
whether he was acquainted with Miss
Anastatia Johnson, a name that has
figured tn many dissensions of Afro-
American society on lower Pacific
street. "Ah've hea'd ob de lady." he
added, "but she cuts no lc«ln dia yah
'casion."
Samuel Carter (colored) resolutely
refused to disclose the Identity of the
lady who had entrusted to him the
task of cashing the lottery ticket
which was found in his possession
when Sergeant Ellis and posse arrest
ed him in Chinatown.
"No, sab." said Mr. Carter; "as a
man ob honnah Ah dacllnes to ex
pose de name ob de lady wat gived
me dat yah ticket. De ticket wlnned
52 60. an* no gen'Iem'n would betray
de confadens ob a lady wat -would
trust him wif dat ermount ob money.
Ah'll plead guilty an* stan* de pun
ishment, but doan ask me ter expose
de lady's name."
Dr. Glover failed to respond In per
son when he was called to testify in an
assault case before Judge Fritz, but
sent notification to the court that he
was engaged at the Park Emergency
Hospital and did not consider himself
justified in leaving his post of duty un
til a duly qualified physician was sent
to take his place. When' It was ex
plained to the Judge that a subpena
had been ignored by Dr. Glover a bench
warrant was issued to compel his at
tendance to-day, and his Honor re
marked that a municipal officer's first
consideration should be the municipal
service, of which the Police Conrt is an
Instrument.
"Look out. or you'U swallow that
gum,", whispered Bailiff Hickey as he
gently placed Miss Edwards upon the
mourners' bench.
"I forgot to tell you that my parents
died when I was a child and me and
Frank have been keeping company a
good many years and I'm sure if—"
The advocate was rallying when the
Judge abruptly pronounced both de
fendants guilty and promised to sen
tence them to-morrow.
"No I'm not I might say I am but
what's the use we live together he's
two years older than I am and his folks
are in Illinois and I guess we'll get
married some time I'm sure I'm will
ing and you'd better ask him whether
he is or not."
When the pleader recovered his
breath he mildly asked the young wom
an if she were the wife of the male de-
Elsie Edwards, young and rather
pretty, wore a cowboy hat and chewed
gum as she stood before Judge Mogan
and saucily pleaded not guilty to the
charges of petty larceny and vagrancy
on which she was arrested jointly with
Frank Bird. He was caught in the act
of pawning some blankets which had
been stolen from an apartment in a
Sixth-street lodging-house which he
and the girl had occupied.
"What is your name?" inquired the
prosecuting attorney.
"Elsie Edwards, and Ytn 20 years of
age and I came from Vallejo, but I was
bom in Missouri, and you must show
me."
complainants would lead to the infer
ence that the musical Instrument in
question has been Miss McKenney'a
vehicle of maintenance when all other
possible sources of pecuniary income
failed.
continued without hearing till next
week. A comparison of notes by the
Half a dozen money lenders were in
Judge Cabaniss' court and prepared to
recount their respective unprofitable
experiences with Miss Lillian McKen
ney, who stands charged with borrow
ing cash on mortgaged property, to wit,
one upright piano, but the case was
on the charge of uttering threats, but
found that she had preceded him and
that he was a defendant, to be tried for
disturbing the peace. He filed his com
plaint just the same, and It will be
threshed out before Judge Cabanlss
next Thursday.
Among the witnesses examined were
Mr?. Rose Ferber of 52 Harriet street,
who could not be restrained from en
tering into and triumphantly carrying
to completion a fulsome and absolutely
irrelevant sketch of her own career
from the time of her marriage until
11:55 o'clock a. in. yesterday; Mrs.
Meyer of 51 Harriet street, who didn't
relish the Idea of being dragged away
from her household duties to pose In a
Police Court, and hoped the Judge
would see to it that she was allowed
to tell her story in her own way, and
not as the lawyers dictated: Mr. Frled
berg. tailor, of 334 Sixth street, who
would like to know why he had been
subpenaed, anyhow, as he had some
thing else to do than waste his time
waiting to be called to testify in a case
of which he knew little and cared less;
Master Pat Murphy, who saw the fight
between his brother Jack and the Wolf
boy, but had forgotten whether Jack
licked Abe or Abe licked Jack." A dozen
other persons were present and ready
to testify, but the Judge wearily con
tinued the case till next Friday, by
which time his neighbor, Judge Ca
baniss, will have a hearing of Mr.
Wolfs cress-complaint.
Joseph Wolf, batcher at 1009 Folsotn
street, declared he did not Intend to
10-yeax-old Sidney Michaels
iif knife that vu In hia hand as he
rorsued the fleeing lad. Indeed, he was
tot conscious ct possessing the weapon.
us mind bein^ monopolized by the sin
rle r«rpose cf ascertaining the boy's
iertity and Cling complaint with his
:arents or gTiardians.
It was the sanguinary condition of
us own 19- year-old son's face that
rrompted Mr. "Wolfs chase of Master
lllchaels. Little Abe Wolf and little
rack Murphy fougtit each other with
ielr fiats tntn the litter youth, finding
limseif getting the worst of the corn
sat, wrested victory from the teeth of
•efeat by ricking up a piece of wood
» 1-1*1 striking his adversary's nose with
t- Bloc<i m-a* copiously Cowing from
Master VTcirs nasal organ when he ran
nto the shop cf his father, and the
tight of tie crimson stream so angered
.he parent, who happened to be triin
r^ag ianab chops at the time, that he
forgot to leave his knife behind v.hen
:- dashed out on reprisal beet. He saw
wo beam running icward Sixth street
:nd he pursued the hindmost vne to 3'jS
m that thoroughfare, where the quarry
:btained shelter behind his mother,
klrs. Michaels. Jack Murphy escaped.
Two distinct versions of the conver
aticn between Mrs. Michaels and Mr.
.Volr were recounted to Police Judge
logan. before whom Mr. Wolf was ac
cused cf disturbing the peace. The lady
estified that Mr. Wolf not only ex
resjed yearning to cut away certain
:crticns of her eon's anatomy, but also
tddresaed to her seme epithets which
rere worse than anything in that line
rhich she had ever heard of. He must
:ave coined them, she averred. Some
f them were in English, but the ones
hat stcrrg most fiercely were in Yid
[ish. They completely dumfounded her,
o that even if she had desired to retort
he could net have done so. Mr. Wolf.
a the other hand, informed the Judge
hat Mrs. Michael* indulged in ; intimi
ation. She unequivocally told him that ;
f he attempted to prosecute either her
elf or her son s he would ruin his busi- i
:es» by circulating reports derofratory
a the Quality of the meats he sold. He ,
•.astened from her presence and as soon
is possible visited the Hall of Justice
o have a warrant issued for her arrest
TAKES HIS DEPARTURE
APPKAISED AT §614.000
Pfau Is the Wo*
of Clever Boy
llyiliQlli
Mr. Wolf and Mrs. Michaels
Accuse Each Other.
Value of Douglas Instate Is
Disclosed in Court by
Cashier of Wells-FargQ
San Bernardino Business Men
Mourn Their Faith in Man
Who Was Free With Taper
LEWES CHECKS
BUT NO MONEY
BANK'S BOOKS
GIVE FIGURES
S1UDEITS OF SANTA
CLARA TO PRODUCE
"THE ETERNAL LIGHT"
BOYS QUARREL AND PARENTS CARRY TROUBLES INTO TWO POLICE TRIBUNALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 5, 190^.
9
POSTX3I CEREAL.
And Wliat Tbey 3Ieaii-
XVben Old Mother Nature gives you a
"whack" remember "there's a reason.'"
so try and say "thank you." then- set
about finding what you have done to
derr.and the rebuke, and try and yet
back into line, for that's the happy
jv!ace after aJL
Curious how many highly organized
people fail to appreciate and heed the
Erst little gentle ••Drhacks'* of the good
old Dame, bct'gp right along: with the
habit, whatever it may be. that causes
her disapproval. Whiskey. Tobacco.
Coffee, Tea or other unnatural treat-
ment of the body, until serious Illness
'gets in or some chronic disease.
Pome people seem to get on very well
with those things for awhile. and
Mother Nature apparently cares but
tittle what they do.
Pehars she has no particular plans
Cor them and thinks tt little use to
v&ste time in tseir training.
There are people, however, who seem
to be selected by Nature to ~*do
things.** The old Mother expects them
to carry out some department of her
(Treat work. A portion cf these select-
ed on**s oft and again seek to stimu-
late and then deaden the tool (th-?
body) by some one or more of the
drugs— Whiskey, Tobacco, Coffee. Tea.
Hor^hine, etc
Yna know all of these throw down
the same class of alkaloids in Chemical
tnalytis. They stimulate and then de-
Cresa* They take 'from man or woman
the power to do bis or her best work.
: After these people have drugged for a
time, they ret a hint, or mild "whack"
ta remind them that th«»y have work to
i". a mission to perform, and should be
ibout the business, but are loafing
lion?; the wayside and become unfitted
Bar the fame and fortune that waits for
them if they but stick to the course
md keep the body clear of obstruc-
tions *o it can carry out the behests of
Lhe mind.
Sickness is a call to "come up high-
er." These hints come fn various
forms. It may be stomach trouble or
towels, heart, eyes, kidneys or gen-
eral nervocs prostration. You may de-
pend upon it when a "whack" comes
;:'« a warning to quit some abuse and
ia the right and fair thing with the
body.
Perhaps it is coffee drinking that of-
feads. That is one of the greatest
causes of hsa&n disorder among
Now then if Mother Nature is gentle
•*1th you and only gives light, little
* wfcacks~ at first to attract attention.
floa*Jt abuse her consideration, or she
«ill soon hit you harder, sure.
And you may also be sure she will
fcit yoa very, very hard if you insist on
f oOovinfc the way you have been go-
It %**m* hard work to give up a. hab-
)U and we try all sorts of plans to
charge our HI feelings to some other
cause than the real one.
Coffee drinkers when ill will attrib-
ute the trouble to bad food, malaria,
overwork and what not. but they keep
en being sick and gradually getting
until th«*y are finally forced to
cait entirely, even the "only one cup a.
«iay." Then they begin to get better,
and unless they have gone long enough
to set up some ftxed organic disease
they generally get entirely welL
It Is easy to emit coffe* at once and
f-:r all by having wen made Postnzn.
with its rich, deep, seal brown color
which comes to the beautiful golden
brown when good cream is added, and
the crixp snap of good, mfld Java is
there if the Postum has been boiled
loSs enough to bring It oat.
It pays to be well and happy, for
good old Mother Nature then sends us
her blessings of many and rariocs
kinds and helps to gain fame and
fortune.
Strip off the handicaps, leave oat the
deadening habits, heed Mother Na-
ture's hints, quit beirg loser and be-
come a winner. She win help you sure
If you cat out the things that keep you
back.
"There's a reason" aad a profound
ene.
Look £s each packag* for a copy of
Dte famous little book. "The Road to I
•tfTellviil*." . i
Ajj y_ rir'ur **"e>3i xa. .._
The
Chocolate Girl
TELLS THE STORY
! ¦ —
TKAOS MARK
Yon will find her on eTery geaidae
package of
JLsni\.L,X\ \J
I Breakfast Cocoa
i
THE FINEST IN THE WORLD
4I HIGHEST AWARDS
I JL m Ecrope aad America
: Walter Baker &'Co.Lt(L
EsJaitJ ib*i 1760 DO 3.CIESSTEX. ii ASS.
\ TIs said, to see t&a new acen ov«r the
• right shoulder, but there** more substan-
t tial luck la havtay your linen home
promptly and in presentable condition
with least possible wear to obtain IX.
That's the luck customers of our al-
ways possess.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 2CAXXZT ST2SST.
Ttlflvhase Stmth 430.
I carters! cijbe sick headache -
i SJrrTii G2"tr.n3 Must Bear
! STIVER FoScsHs Sterasra
¦ PILLS. s? JZ*—~ *
llbda 1 /^^^z^f
OCEAN TRAVEL.
/w^iiMX wtuj-res fptcrs 9 aad 11 1.
JSfr^ San Francisco:
11^ vt^i 1 I J'"*"* 3 - Trra-iw^IIs, Hair.es.
I 1 N^^M&J I 5<U4-*%y. «tc.. Alaska— 11
wk \i VgJ *- =»-. n'ot. x. *. ii. i*. a.
«»JI>/y/ 28k Dec L Ch*ss» to t&is
For Victoria. Vaaeomm. Pttrt TiTJfnd.
Sesttlc. Tacoma. Everett. Sootti Beilln^haau
B*U!n«aajn — XI a. id.. Nor. 1. *. 11. li SI.
S8. Dee. 1. Cbanca at deattl* ta ciis eota-
pany** steamers fcr Alaska asd G. N. Ry. ; a:
Seattle cr Tacccut to N*. P. Rjr. ; at Vancouver
ta C. P. ftr-
For Eureka <Htsiabc4<it Bay) — Posscba. 1:30
p. m.. Nor. 6. 12. V*. 24. 30. Dec «. Corona.
1:30 p- m.. Nov. a. 9. 13. a. rr. Dee. JL -
For Los AnxsJes • v!* Port Le« \r. *•!•« aaU
Bedondo). £aa Dteso aad ganTa Barbara—
Santa Rcaa. Soadars. • a. in.
State of California. Ttmmrtara. 9 a. m.
For \joa A =?>»>•» >v..» ?aa Pedro and East
Saa Pedro). Sasta Barbara. ?«n: i Cms. Xao-
terer. Saa Staecn. Cayweo*, Pert Hatrlord <3aa
Lois Ob!a~po). Yentora aad Hoenfao.
BoBita. 9 a. eel. Nov. T. l.">. n. Dec I.
O« Bar. 9 a. in.. Nor. 3. 11. 13. ST. Dec ¦.
For Esseoada. 3£a*da>ca Bar. Saa Jose dsl
Cabo. y- ¦»¦*»»" Altara. La Pmz. Sasta Ro-
•alia. Goaymas (M»i.». 10 a. m.. "th each — -
For further Information ot>tata foKer. Rl*i;
is referred to eftaa«^ st^nmtrra or sailtaa; date*.
TIf?y K'»* O77ICSS — « New Montynm-
«ry wt. (Palace Hntel). 1O Market rt..a=«{ Bm«cj-
way wharves. yr»Arht OSes 19 Market st.
C. I>. DI7NAXN. General Pane&ger A*ea%
10 Market »t.. Saa Fraaetseo
Tt» Pad£e Tranaf-r Co.. 20 Satter »t. wRl
call for aad cbeck baurra** from bote!* aad
residence". - Telephone Excfaaage X1Z. '
A3CESZCAS XJ2TE.
' Plymouth — Chmxhcroxz — ScrtShamTtoa.
•Fnl=d.Nov.l2.1l>:3O arnlSt. Paal Now. 2»
Neir Tor* Nov. 13 ! PfeJ!arfe!p!sia Dec 3
•CxntniT at Dcr«r for Lrtidcn and Part*.
ATLA5TTC TB&55POST &XXS.
Sew Tori — £cadca Ctrsct.
MIuaeap.Nov. 12. 9 asijitntn*a.NrT.2«.r:^0 arn
Msiaaiee.NcT. 19. 9 »=» MgsaTai. -Pee. 3. I»ta
CO3fiT2rtC3T ZiZSX.
XantxwX— Ursrpoolr— Short sea passage.
Canada.... Not. 12: Sontlfrarlr N<rr. 13
BED STAB XJ2TE.
JTrsr Tork — Aatwerp — loadaa — Parts.
CalUr* at Drreer for Lenilon and Paris.
yjnlasd.. ...Nt». T^XrcBalaad ..Nor. IS
Vaderlaad Not. t3* Finland ... Dee.. 10
WHITE STAB T.lHil.
, jr*w- Tori — QsMTTStowa — Urersoel,
Oeaafe. JSrrr. IS. Boor^C«rtrtc.r»c. 7. 3i3> ara
MaJeatie.Xcrr.23. W am j Oceanic. Dee. 14. 1« mm
Baltic. -Nor. 3D. 11 «3> MaJ*«t!c.Dec. 21. 19 tS
Boston— Coe«astawa — EtrtsvodL
Cr=:rlc X-TT-tKSer t»
SEW TOBX AJR> BCSTO3T BXBXCV
To ti« Ksdlfrran— -n.
SnaiLT-iJL SX?ZZ3. S£fOt. A 131153 iU
FBO5I NEW TORX.
REPCBXIC. Dec 1. Jaa. 14. -Ft*. . 25
CBXTIC Dec. 12. Feb. «. Mareb U
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPTC Not. 19. Jaa. T. r*^K 15
ROMAXIC. D*e- W. Jaa. 2SL 3Jarca 11
C. Dt. TATtCR. Passenger Agent P*ct2c Ca««.
21 Pot »t.. Saa Fraaetico. ¦
8. S. SISR&A. for Hanolala. Saaxa. AcckUsd
aad Sydacy... .Thursday. Hot. IX 2 p. aa.
8. 8. AUtMEDA." far Honolulu. Nut. 13. 11 ass.
8. 8-MXRIPOSA. tar Taaltt Nor. 25. 11 a. m.
JJJP1ICEL5 1 HHDl OL, l2O,!lCia GS25fl tr-
Et RsUtt CSte 323 1E1S SL. Rg I ?i3h Z.
coxyism nmiu mA-tairt. h::jji
DTKECT LXXE TO HAVBE-PARI3
sailing tr-ver Tiar»ii7 L=atea-i of AjSrd
gatnrday.at 10 a. ta.; tram PUr •**• -
42. Norta Btr«r. loot or M=rioa sg.
y^rrt clxis to H*tt?. ITO aad ay«rarrt 8ee-
asd elas» to Harre. |45 «ad opwar-t. GE&-
ERAX. AGXNCT FOB CNTTKD STATS3 A.VD
CANADA. 33 Broadway <Hadaca boUdiacK
New Tock. J. T. FtTGAZl * Co.. PaetSc Coast
Ajceata, i MoBUrsaery awrn*. Saa Ftaartsco.
TldbKs *ali 57 all Raflrsad Ttck«t Ai«;u
Tar V. S. JT *tt Taxd sad T&naja.
Strs. General Frlsbie. Moatlceila and Arww,
9:45 a.as.. 12: » p.m.. 3:13 pim.. * (.a, 4 J5O 3 .
m. -Lears Saa Franeiaea Soadar* 9:43 a.m~
13:3O 9.m..i9-ss.. * ::io p. m. Leav* VaU«>». 7
a,m . 9 *.m-. IZtSO p.m.. 3:13 p.n.. • p ™ 3oa-
days. " a. S3.. 9 a. as.. 3:20 p. a.. < p. 33. Pier 2.
ftiti3«tcn«t.;pisoB-s V*i- IX*. HaTTTH BROJ
-¦ ¦ .'¦ ' - : - :,-•',„ ".^ ADVERTTSEMEXTS. •_'___ j: ; : r /_ ._.
r^ A Cure for Constipation
li It is of supreme importance to keep the bowels regular and open. Unless ||
H they act thoroughly, it is impossible to remove- the impurities that constantly accumu-j' g
H late in the system. These waste matters generate poisons that create Biliousness// H
U Indigestion,^Headache and many other complaints, that are the direct result of m,
H Gonstipatioh. \- * ,. ; - f B
H ; Beecham's Pills .act pleasantly on the Bowels and Liver* A few doses will g
If effectually cleanse the system of all harmful matter and gases. Taken as directed M
li BeechainV Pills will establish a healthy and regular bowel action that will bring H
ii about an improved appetite* good digestion, sound sleep and ||
HI - yin-.the general .hcaltte.v-'- • ; ' H
1 Beecham's Pills > have^been before the public for over -half a - century. Their g
U gemime *ra medicine. In all M
I cases of^Goistipatkra, Weak Diges^n, EMscffdere Liver and Sour Stomach, the m
!| ~ H
1 Absolute and Permanent I
g SOLO EVERYWHERE IN BOXES. lOc and 25c. H
¦ " V -'..* '-'- ¦ ¦ ¦ " J"? ¦-" liJi — i 3" *> t^'^r '¦ ""-.¦ * ¦ * .- ':-; - *¦ : ' -.*¦¦ - ¦' ' -¦ . - ¦ : ¦-¦¦¦¦¦.,.-'¦ ¦¦ ; _ .. -- .-.?. '¦ ¦- . -^ ¦.*¦.''¦ _ - BuSmSp^PBI
"~ _ .-•¦-..¦. .... . .. _ ——_^— j|g»gp|jjySOME CLEVER HORSES WHICH WILL RACE HERE, A POPULAR OWNER. AXD A JOCKEY WHO HAS BEEN THE SENSATION" OF THE SKASON.
W# are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal 'Fountain P*>n" and sole agents for
•The . Marshall."' tta*> bestSt.OO fountain
*«n in the world. Saaborn, Vail & Co. •
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 4.— All of
the propositions voted on by the In
ternational Typographical Union hav«
carried with the exception of on<9
that provided for an" increase in the
salaries of "the international president
and secretary-treasureT.
Union Adopts New Kales.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 4. — At a con
ference at Uhe Xavy. Department to
day between : Secretary Morton . and a
local committee of the * Machinists*
Union ~ it . was . arranged . that the ex
isting schedule of wages at the Wash
ington navy yard shall continue .with
out" change for the present and that
the question of a .revision of the wage
scale • shall . be ' considered by the labor
board at the navy yard at its'regrular,
meeting, in January.
Wage Scale Will Remain Unclian^cd.
matches during the past season. . The
letter is as follows:
IjORIXS i CRICKET G ROUNDS. , LOXDOX
X. V.'.. Oct. .' 10. - 1904. — Henry - Roberts. San
Franclscor- Dear Sir: In the iI.;C. C. .book of
lavs: the. note on law 23 state*: "If the hall
rebocn4c - oft the pads cr person of the wicket
keeper, without haiinr. first touched the bat or
hand, of the strikrr. ind Use- striker U out «rf
hU rroand. - the decirion shnuH hf 'tluitpc-J'
and not • "rtrn , oat.' -*• Y«jur» • f a J th'ul 1 y, - - ¦» v »,- .
"F. E. LACT. S«cretarj,M. C. C."
Six months and more have slipped
away since the rataplan of the thor
oughbreds' feet was heard on the coast
tracks and again we are on the eve of
another racing season. One week from
to-day the new California Jockey Club
will throw open the gates of Oakland
track, and, as the circus posters read,
the public is promised a bigger and a
better show than ever before.
The handsome course across the bay
will prove a complete revelation to the
regulars. The betting ring has been
entirely remodeled and enlarged, the
approaches to the stand have been im
proved, dozens of painters with pot
land brush have toiled incessantly- for
i weeks*, while a new top dressing has
J transformed the surface of the track
J until it bjoks as smooth and glossy as
a billiard ball.
The once despised poverty row re
sembles a group c-f seaside cottages at
Newport and the grandstand might
easily be mistaken for the palace of
the Mikado.
Winter racing has become a fixed in
stitution and this coast has much more
opposition now than in former, years,
but San Francisco will get the cream
of the riding talent and its pro rata of
(the crack horses.
The new California Jockey Club has
'displayed marked liberality in dealing
with the horsemen and the. latter will
go where the money -is bung up, even
if riecess&ry to mush it to the north
pole. Thousands in added money to
stakes, with numerous : overnight ' han
dicaps of 51000 and $400 jiurses, is good
enough in any man's country.
An innovation . the" coming season,
which appears to have struck the pop
ular fancy, just right, is an amendment
to the ruies making every selling event
a- "claiming race. This has been a bone
of- contention: aratug the owners of
cheap horses for many seasons, so now
harmony is - expected r to prevail. ' If a
good horse is beaten' now in- an - or
dinary selling affair, keep your* eyes
oh the man with the halter.
Last year. Walter" Jennings, than whom
no more popular turfman ever raced
horses In California, headed the, list of
winning owners. With .a* powerful
string of more than thirty horses quar
tered at . Oakland, it looks as if. he
might repeat the trick this coming win
ter. Dainty is the ; star of the stable
and, with W. Davis to do the'pilcrtlng,
will be a big: factor in, the game.' Gar
. net Ferguson, with his'.'strapping -big
colt Bearcatcher and several other^use
ful ones, will : be : quite* a. factor* and
the stables of Willie Shields, "Skinner
& Ramsey, M. J. Daly, Burns "&
Waterhouse, Napa Stock Farm -with
the crack filly Arisbe': to carrVr its "col
ors, Louis Ezell, D. Cameron, .Tichenor
& Co.- and Wally Brinkworth will ; all
do to string ! with." Wally- has a r select
string of seven, among which are* Strol
ler, ¦ a stake '.winner, at Chicago, ; Gray
skin and -Major, Mansir, v the : latter a
distance' horse J of note. * Frank ; Doss; a
capable Texas trainer, has charge: of
th a. stable. Eddie; Doirninick will; prob-,
aWy.de- the riding when i he *candoTthe
weight. "y
21*51 2 J •i >
| 3 S \i -S
I s z ! i
EATEMAX AXD CLUB. j. =.' 3 I * '
. mil: I
n-i f j = -n
It. H. Richardson S. F..I11! C 103 7Z2 14G.4Q
A. Jetkizi. .-i-u Croz.. 'J 3 KXt 13? iH.ZZ
>. T.'. Wildlcs. PaelSc..*12 'J. "107 < Sal CH.'J<>
IT. II. l*«*r»en. S. F...I10 V, lto." TZ»: ZT.W
G- H. Ward. *!amHta '.'.lia 4; 71] 204J 25. XA
H. H. Wtikee. Pad9c...'lC... 101 ii5 25.5W
B. M. Tvtxrr. AlacseJa-.-'lS Z\ •» 219, 21.W>
11. It. Bcwlr. PadSc 'II J Z\ 5Ti 1S»6 n.TT
V. i. Croil. Alaswda |>l!--i <»! 213! 19.S4
K. A. Statl. Alzmeda ill'..! 50| 2(M( 1K.M
F. J. E»r.r.icn. Alatneda..; 7 r KA\ (H IT.20
*W, A. UcNacoara. S. C! 6. 1| 'V?. «3 17.W
H. C. Ca«idy. PaciSc j * 2 TCi IVZ\ 17.C0
II Robtrt*. S. F £ Z, U€j B5* 15.83
H. Biro. KXtsattt*. j €'..( Vi: *»' H.S3
O. Cro'.l. Alamtda €'•..[ 27i «*< 1*.J>*>
*»' H. McNau«fct<-,n. Ala..iU; Oi 4i] 1M 14.O>»
"ft". Petherlck. Padflc.tlC. J! "il 105 11. M
H. F. Pepyr. S. F ! C if 31! *»*! 10.S0 1
There is some question about the po
eition of A. W. Wilding in the forego
lug table. He was thirteen times at
bat in association matches during the
season, and If his score cf 2 on the oc
casion not reckoned in the list is added
to his total, it gives 401 runs for eleven
completed innings, or an average of
SC.45 per innings, which would place !
him fourth instead of third and would I
raise Petersen to third place. The In- )
r.ins-6 wae excluded from the calcula
tion because the match was decided in
the first innings and this was a second
one. The secretary of the California
Cricket Association- will make inqui
ries as to the best usage In such mat
ters. No batsman is Included in -the
list who was not at bat at least six
times and scored at least ten runs 'on
an average.
CALIFOnXIA CRICKET ASSOCIATION —
< BOWXJXC AVERAGES. 10M. '
1 I 2 ~ ¦ < >'
2 — 3 O *
• • " • • •
t. S*! 1 **' S i T ~ I Wl 29U11J 1617.01
H. Roberta. S. F .....1146! a« 34M 2i 0 9»
O. H. Ward. Alam«da. \ttl »447 37,'l-CS
F. A. Etahl, Aliin.-rfa. j ZS\ lO'l&Sl ll|l-»"T
XV. a. UcXamara. S. Crux IOC Ir'siw lJlli^S
T.- 2. ftrattoa. 8. F fi] 7-13«j Il(l2^«
II. B. nichardioa. S. F... CS 111147 II 1SJ«
A. Fits*. Santa Cruz m 22254! 15> 13 27
K. M. Peterwa. fi. F S3 23!202! I5 ! lt4«
F. X. CrolL Alameda...... IR-I ii'psz] «
K. it. wnk«. Paanc 123! sefesal iiuA
H. C. Csir.iy. Paelfle. J 87J BiSeSI 17H5 76
*V X. Taylor. Padne Jjlfl! 2a;-»Sj 17'17 s»
I- H. M. Unaowt. Padflcj 7£; IEJ206; 11US.72
Henry Roberts of the San Francisco
County Club has received a letter from
the secretary of the Marylebone Crick
et CJub of London, settling a— point
•which gave rise to come discussion
ftf ter one of the California Association '
Ex-Champion George Whitney - has
returned * from •> Europe, -where he has
be«n in search' of health for: the last
two years. „ Mr. Whitney Is better
than he was when he left, but will not
be able to. play .tennis again. , ;
The California- and Los .Angeles
Tennis clubs . are arranging ' to bring
four of the Eastern champions to the
coast in- the latter 'part of December.
A. C. Way of Los Angeles has written
the California Club" in regard to shar
ing: the expense of bringing the East
erners out and the ; club will hold a
directors'- meeting Monday night to
discuss the matter. . :'
A junior club has been started at
the park and the- boys, who are all
under. 16 years of age, will participate
In their first " tournament to-day. . The
organization of a club of this kind is
a good move, as it will undoubtedly
develop many 'players. In. the Gold
en Gate Club. the youngsters had little
chance, .but with a club of their own
they will ha%*e an opportunity to set
tle the question of supremacy among
them.
* If Long and Janes are successful
in the final 'match the Directors* cups,
which h3ve been up a littls over a
year, will go -to them permanently.
They have won the trophies twice.
The park tournament t.III bring out
the usual teams and some interesting
games will be played. The cups for
.this event have. been up for more than
two .years' and no team now playing
has won them twice. Long and Janes
are the h6lders and have proven
¦themselves hard men to beat under
handicap conditions.
Janes and Herbert Long will meet the
winner of the match between Al Ken
yon and Melville Long and Will Col
lier and Carl Gardner. Long and
Janes and Collier and Gardner are on
the same mark, . "fifteen" back of
scratch. Kenyon and M. Long are
"2-6** above scratch. These odds ap
pear rather small, but Kenyon and
Long defeated several good teams on
Sunday and they have a good chance
of beating both the scratch teams.
The Independent club has twenty
eight players and more than a dozen
social members en the roll. The officials
will try out some of the new men when
it can be done without risk of the club's
defeat. Among the playing members
are J. Soeder and W. Soeder. who
played association football in Cleveland.
Ohio; .T.^ransdorf of Canada, J. Ball
main from South Africa and G. Hig
gins from New Zealand. Ballxnain will
The Independent team last Sunday
included several new men who had not
been tied in a practice match. It was
beaten easily by the Occidentals. The
poorer players have been weeded out
and the team will include more of the
old guard than before- Of last year's
eleven F. Lynch has retired, though he
may take cart in the contests for the
Union cup; G. Watt is at his home in
Canada, H. Russell is on a trip to his
home in Scotland and W. Mechels, last
year's captain, is living at Sacramento.
The Hornets and Independents win line
up to-morrow in the following posi
• Homers Positions. Independents.
C. Williamson Goalkeeper Fcrbea
McKenzie Rlsht back . .. . Armstroe?
VS. Pcneroy Left back. ......... Antroboa
Bird Right half back . . . Dsncanscn
Duncan..'. C«nt«r half back. . . -Ballman
Taylor ..'....¦...'. LeJt half back ...SlcGurs
It. Disher Outside, right Ellia
Connolly Inside light. .T. Fay <capt).
T. DUher. :..'..".'. .iVnter forward.. .....P. Fay
Smith tn*We lett .'. . E. Fay
McDerrcId. . .'. . . . .Outside left. Hisxlns
Three games will be played to-mor
row for the champlonsnip of the* Cali
fornia Association Football League for
the season of 1904-1905. The Independ
ents of San Francisco will meet the
Oakland Hornets at Freeman's Park,
Golden Gate, at 2:30 p. m., J. D. Rob
ertson being the referee. The Hornets'
team will be considerably changed from
that which played last Sunday. The
Disher brothers. Taylor, " Duncan and
McDermid will be added to the eleven.
Gilchrest and Pierson, who played on
the back line on October SO. will not be
in the team to-morww, as both were
somewhat badly hurt. Pomeroy and
McKenzie will play left and right back
unless the officers of the California As
sociation Football League should sus
pend McKenzie for his foul play In the
opening match against the Albion Rov
ers. If McKenzie is suspended R. Tay
lor will captain the team.
The officers of the California Associa
tion Football Union for the season of
1904-1SOS are: Taliesin Evans, presi
dent; J. A. Barlow, Frank Jones and
J. P. Booth, vice presidents; Henry
Roberts, honorary secretary; L. R. GU
chrest, honorary treasurer; J. D. Rob*
ertson. chairman of the executive com
mittee and delegate to the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union.
The executive committee consists of J.
D. Robertson. W. R. Stewart. Dr. Lum.
J- Fay, J.- J. Condon and Edgar Pome
roy. -
following positions:
Occidentals. PoeiUona. Albica Rovcra.
Rnsfcicn Goalkeeper Low*
Milne Risfct back Mart'n
Tleraer Left back Joba. leapt.)
Andsreca Righ half back Bayae
Allra Center half back.... Andersen
iUthfcscn Left hall back Jones
CwooAltl Dutslde right Bradley
ila^ulre Inside tight Smltrt
T. S. Lyden 4capc Center forward; Shaatf
Tar!o>-..^ Inside left McCarthy
Hodce -Ootside left Wfcyt*
On the ground at Webster street, Ala
meda. the Vampires, who drew the bye
last Sunday, will meet the Pickwicks
to-morrow. The game will be called at
2:30 p. m.. with J. Frew as referee. The
teams will line up in the following
order:
y«XB-Jrw. Pcsilicn*. Pickwicks.
RolJe Goalkeeper... T. W. Bowccek
**** Rlsht back Cocke
Peteraen Left back Kerwln
Glarcer USsht half back.....Bowa-a
Harwood (capc>. Center half back.R. Williams
JatTses -Lefi half back. A. E. Bowcocic
C. Lecoctieu Outside rient Rofeertsoa
F. Lecoatiea Inside rl«ht Watters
Rarwden Center tenranl McKre
Rob?rtM)n Inside 1-f t "Warrea
Wlldiay Outside left Banks
The following are the officers. of the
California Association Football League
for the comins year: . Tallesin Evans,
president and chairman of executive
committee: Harry J. Irwin, secretary;
Arthur Robinson, treasurer. Harry J.
Irwin was secretary of the Independent
association football club last season
and proved highly efficient. Arthur
Robinson is chairman of the Football
Referees* Union and a referee of the
first class in England.
The Occidentals will meet the Albion
Rovers on the ground at Ninth and
Bryant streets, San Francisco, at 2:20
p. m. to-morrow. Norman Logan being
the referee. , These teams won their
matches on the opening day of the sea
son and should play a keen and inter
esting game. They will line up in tha
play to-morrow. Mechels will take part
in later matches.
VAMPIRES OPEN FOOTBALL SEASON
AND INDEPENDENTS PLAT HORNETS
HHJIWJHIill'IMWHWilP
The battles and bowling averages of
the California. Cricket Association for
the season just ended have been pre
pared and show that the San Francisco
County Club, which v. .ti the Brown
pennant, emblematic of the champion
ship cf 1&04, has within its racks the
batrrran with the highest average and
the two bowlers who stand at the head
of the bowling list. -The details - are
ehown in the tables:
CJLUITOP.NIA CKICKET ASSOCIATION BAT
TING AVERAGES. ISO*.
Two tennis tournaments are sched
uled for to-morrow. One Is the han
dicap doubles event commenced on
the California Club courts last Sun
day. The other is to be a similar
event, -which will be played by mem
bers of the Golden Gate Club on the
park courts.
The California Club "event is down
to the finals in one half and to the
semi-finals in the other. George
The flagship Challenger Js already
hauled upon the beach at Old Sausa
lito, where the yawl Witch will also
be laid up. J.- II.". Punnet t's sloopCur
lew .will Ue to, the north of the .ferry
slip. Th3 schooner Virginia will go up
on Stone's ways and the • sloop . Nixie
will probably be hauled out of the water
also. . Charles < Morrell of the schooner
Whiie Wings, who . has beenfjn a trip
through the Eastern States and to the
St/.Louis. Exposition, returns on! Mon
day 'and' will- take "the yacht up to. the
neighborhoddiof Sulsun.
The schooners Lady Ada and Martha,
the racing, sloop Corinthian, the sloop."
May arid-Presto are already "in- Stone's
yard- at North -Beach. It is likely -that
four or five other yachts will be laid up
for the winter at- the ¦ same yard:; " -.
The Corinthian/ California and Squth
Bay -Yacht « clubs 'brought • the' [season
to ~ an , official end last Saturday 1 . and
Sunday.' ' The .Corinthians enjoyed, the
usual nautical . dinner at , the clubhouse
last : Saturday -evening,'- the v members
and visitors : adjourning ,. afterward . . to
the;main;hall for 'the jinks."rh"e;pro
gramnc opened .with : remarks b>\Com
moddre T. Jennings. '¦.'• who received a
rousing .welcome. -He "mentioned 'the
successful" entertainment given \ by ; the
Family Club and the pleasanLvislt paid
to the South'Bay. Yacht Clutr at \Alviso
and -' paid -. that 7 a : return visit : ; will £ be
made' next" season. ; "In the' Jinks "that
followed ' the ; perforrllers were »,* intro
duced to the audience by. J:,V.': O'Brfen.
They were accompanied by the well
knownl pianist. Maurice Kramer, t The
performers were Ossle Franks,. vocalist;
R.VMitcbell,~v vocalist; ' "Kid"' Nelson,
slnger.^andr speller; T- Superior/ f Judge
Troutt.Tspeaker;* Charlie Hay, singer, of
**Oh! for/a;iSail> in a "Piping Breeze";
J. Mahone Sof South I Bay Yacht: Club,
violinif t; ; ;^Ben "• .Tarbox,- v sololst; -> F.
O'Connell, . vocalist ; '•'> Hooper { and i Bealj
songTiand >; dance > team; Superior Judge
F. f- HTf Kerrigan;.* retailer,- of *;" s torics :
Frank'iThompson,' singer ;J;and*-; yarn
«?inner; i "Pete". Sloan/- singer.
The only remaining event of interest
to yachtsmen of the bay during the
present season will be the raising of
the bridge" at Tiburon. which is set
down on the schedule of the Corinthian
Yacht Club for Sunday, November 13.
The concrete work for the new Belve
dere bridge has confined the current,
which now runs out and in. with such
force as to render the task of getting
the yachts into the lagoon a harder
one than in previous years. It is prob
able that a smaller number, of pleas
ure craft will seek winter quarters -in
the lagoon this year than usual. The
yawl Tramontana of the San Francisco
Yacht Club is already moored in Corte
Madera Creek, as are also the sloops
Ariel, Sappho and Minnetonka, with the
yawl Royal of the same club and.Com
modore JT. Jennings* sloop Speedwell.
The Ariel and Royal left Sausalito for
Larkspur on Sunday, but'ran aground
off San . Qut-ntin. Later they were
pulled oSC by Nelson's . launch. The
slcop Annie will remain at her.-moor
ings'off/Causalito' for some time, as
Langr, the San Francisco" Yacht .Club's
boatlryeper. - has' a good deal of work
to do' on her.
' .The members of the Empire Gun Club
had ai fair day's sport* last Sunday on
their Monterey preserve. Among those
in ' the" blinds were , D.* ' It." Oliver, Con
Roman,' F.S.Judah, Dr. G. G. Gere,
C.-A^ Bennett. F. L. Houpt, Dr.' A. J.
Sylvester. Giiy ¦ T. - Waymanr J. B.
Hauer. Bert Patrick.^'J. Peltier and
Milton Pray. .; The .quail on the preserve
have J been carefully protected . for three
years and- are ; found ' inT great numbers.
The English.snipe 'are there also/and
good sport is enjoyed "with them when
the tide is-high. ¦ ~
Clarence "Nauman secured' the limit
on; ducks "at ; Colllnsville " last Sunday.
Otto Feudrier shot at Suisun. and being
in f his * usual : form brought down fifty
ducks.-. > • :
'CCharlesf Shaw secured the limit on
sprig fat r Alvarado. ,-; The' teal were more
numerous,;but he picked out the sprig
by. preference. ' %.' r ,
-I-. Edgar ;.; Forster '; and ; party were on
Petaluriia^ Creek last"^Sunday and did
riot .'get; a." shot. They* could: see thou
sands * of "cans" and bluebills a short
distance,, away in the bay, but' there
was nothing to set' them in motion. The
conditions ... all seemed . favorable for
shooting,' but" the. birds "did'not work
•I. The iMo'ntezuma Gun Club members
had good . shooting on their Collins ville
preserve last Sunday. President W.~ W.
Richards. George H. Newman ' and W.
C. Swain had a joint bag of 100 large
ducks. Mrs. Richards and Mrs. New
man* contributed their- share to this
total. ' .
ticipate good shooting.
"W. Price, Walter Sewardand George
Cook had agood shoot on rail near Bel
mont last Sunday, securing the limit of
twenty birds. The marsh was crowded
with sportsmen. Ducks were seen In
great numbers, but they were just out
of range. .-,'_-¦
The sportsmen are already complain
ing of. the number of ducks they kill
which are tainted 'with' oil to such an
extent as to make them unfit for food.
They are supposed to get this In San
Pablo Bay. Birds are found at widely
separated points so tainted.
That the duckshooters anticipate good
sport this wee,k is shown by the unusu
ally large orders for shells placed with
the ammunition dealers. When there is
a rush of orders it is taken as a sign
that the cwners of preserves have been
advised by their gamekeepers that
birds are plentiful.
As it will be unusually high water to
morrow, the men who go after rail an-
.The, presence of large numbers of
ducks in the markets without any signs
of shot : marks is explained by the
sportsmen. The majority of these birds
are caught in the nets set by the pro
fessional fishermen for striped bass.
The catch consists chiefly of "cans,"
bluebills and coots. The other ducks
Invariably fly over the nets, but these
curious birds dive under the water to
investigate and are caught in the nets
and suffocated. The game wardens are
alert and are quick to apprehend any
one in this unlawful business. .
Has First and Second Men!
on Bowler's Roil.
Its Captain- Heads Batsmen
Tennis Men Will Com
pete on Park and
Club Courts.
YACHTS DOFF
jiljjll
Pleasure Craft Laid Up in
Gorte Ahdera Creek.
Duck Shooters Oraer Big
Supplies ol Shot
EXPECT GOOD SPORT
Horses and Riders
of Marked Class
Are Coming.
COUNTY CRICKET
TEAM LEADS.
MANY EXPERTS
TO ENGAGE IN
TOURNAMENTS
The game on Saturday with the Utah
Agricultural team will close
Stanford's preliminary season. Secret
practice, which is to follow next week,
will be light, but as fast as the coaches
and players can make it.
equal qualifications. W. Dole and A.
Chalmers, halfbacks, are fighting hard
for their positions over J. A. Brennan
and A. L. Trowbridgre, but' tha form*'
experience on the varsity will doubtless
win them their places. M. J. Weller
is assured of his position at fullback.
games, is playing "a superior class of
football this season. Should he be
forced out of the game by injury E. P.
Stott will be a substitute of almost
At guard R. A. Thompson and W. K.
Roosevelt, both veteran varsity men,
are almost sure to be in the first line up
at the big game. They both are play
ing a heavy, aggressive game. C. E.
Hyde will probably complete the center
trio. - V '*,'' '; %
Present Indications point to a back
field unchanged from that the Cardinal
sent against California last year- Quar
ter Back Bausback, by virtue of experi
ence gained in three intercollegiate
For the position of "right end an in
teresting contest is under way. G. TV.
Smith, '06, who played in that place
last year, was out of the game for two
weeks recentlj-. giving several other as
pirants a chance for favor. R. West.
J. Stanford and E- A. Preston are the
men who are making a hard fight for
the position. Since resuming practice
Smith has been hard pressed to retain
his place.
W. A. Sprott and H. Shields will be
yond doubt be the Cardinal tackles.
They have both shown brilliant work
lately and are in better form than last
season. As substitutes for their posi
tions H. Sprague, S. B. Thompson, A.
Tomaslni and H. Horton are working
hard to make the second eleven.
At this stage in the season the prin
cipal varsity candidates are in excellent
physical condition. Extreme care will be
taken In the few remaining days to pre
vent any unforeseen accidents or over
training. The men who have been play-
Ing on the first team most of the season
have been allowed to-participate in re
cent scrimmage practices only for a
short time each evening. The second
and third elevens are bearing the brunt
of the work. More than enough candi
dates for three teams still remain on
the field and Coach Lanagan will be
at no trouble to pick a list of strong
substitutes from this number.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 4.—
This week brings to an end the pre
liminary public practice of Stanford's
football squad. Monday afternoon of
next week will see the first secret prac
tice, which will be continued until the
day before the Intercollegiate game,
when a final openj?ractice will be made
the occasion of a celebration by the
Stanford rooters.
A great deal of interest is bei=s taken
in to-day's game, as It win give the
coaches, and the general public as weD.
an opportunity to compare tl>»
strength of Stanford with the *$!:;= zzii
gold eleven. The sasebrushers were
defeated by fbree touchdowns in the
game with the cardinal two weeks ago
ir. twenty-five minute halves. The ttas
for play will be shorter to-day.
To-morrow night the team will go to
San Francisco for an outing. Sunday
they, will take a good rest, the next
three days will be given to practice on
new plays, tricks and signals and
Thursday and Friday the men will re
tire from hard work to get ready for
the struggle on Saturday afternoon.
At least two full sets of backs will be
in shape to go Into the big game. Las
ater. Boynton. Kern. Graves, Mead.
Snedigar. White and . Sperry can all
be depended upon to take care of the
interests of the blue and sold on the
offensive. The team Is a little shy on
quarterbacks, tut "Whitman. Ber-cxap
or Booth may possibly show chanpion
ship form in time to set the minds of
the coaches at rest before the~week is
gone. The ends are not any too strong,
but the rest of the line will surely give
a splendid account of itself. Heitmul
ler will probably uunt farther than the
man who may be picked ty ooot ths
ball for the cardinal.
BERKELEY. Nov. 4-— The «upport
ers of the University of California foot
ball team have been sadly disappointed
this week in learning that moat of ths
best players were going stale. The men
apparently got into condition too early
in the season, and for ten days or
mere they have been listless in their
work- The coaches have decided to let
up on wearying practice and give their
charges some recreation and enter
tainment.
Cardinal Players
in Condition
for Match.
Blue and Gold Men
Try to Avoid
Stateness.
Last Games Are Scheduled
FOOTBALL ELEVENS READY
FOR FINAL PRACTICE.
HIGH CUSS FIELD FOR THE OPENING HANDICAP
WINTER RACING SEASON ATTRACTS OWNERS, HORSES AND JOCKEYS FROM ALL PARTS OF AMERICA AND SOME SENSATIONAL COMPETITION IS ANTICIPATED BY OFFICIALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5. 1904:
10! -. ORDKRS -HOUSE REMOVED.— The Board
of. ; Work» yesterday, ordered- a- house tn the
roadway of •. Beach • street, between Hyde ' and
Larkln. to be remoTed. ' An inTeaUsatlon : was
ordered. : If tt it found that the touse Is ob
structinr the« street a fcrce : or ¦ men will . be
sent to move It. ?J^9skMMRsnBssVBHBBSMHI
PARIS. Nov.. 24.— W. K. Vanderbilt's
Salammbo won the race for the Prix
Heaum at the- Maison' Lafttte races to
day. • ~
Vanderbllt's ' &{lammbd • Wins.
The Union Labor meeting last night
at < ilanxahlta Hall, Fourth and Perry
streets,. . attracted- a .¦„ large crowd.
Thomas F. Finn presided at the meet*
Ing and the following men talked:
George Benham, James ~ Bolan, . John
Condon, Frank A. .Markey, candidate
for the State Senate from the;Seven
teenth 1 Senatorial District; John Cul
len. candidate for the 'Assembly from
the Twenty-ninth! Assembly, District,
and William Mindham. candidate, for
the "Assembly , from the Twentyfeighth
Assembly . District. ', . "_" e ,
Labor Candidates Talk.
Yoscmite. Clnb Wants PcrmlL
The Tosemlte Club has petitioned the
Supervisors. for permission to give a
professional' boxing "exhibition during
December. - •
\r-.v. •••-.- BlIllanlLst 1- Beaten.
George H. Sutxon. the "armless r won
<ifcr," was defeated at billiards "at Mor
:e> J a last night by Wilson Sigourney
la a tfeirty-aix Inning game, the final
score ¦tinding S00 to 2*4. Button played
a wonderful game and electrified the
ilg <xowd by th<* clever way in which
he ha.s<iied the cue.
-
PHILIPPINES MAILS SKXZED. — An order
wa» recefred from the Treasury Department
yster£ay prohibiting the Importation a£
dViiibl? roods in tha malls from tike Ph£lp
ptnee. AU such goods in the mails wlU b-»
seized. Oa tie Orst eftm»> a, penalty aqoat
to - the duty will b» imposed; on ta« second,
off'ss* the gwxii will be conflicatsd.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 4.— W. E.
Dunn and George Rose, directors of
the Los Angeles Jockey Club, left for
San Francisco to-night. ' where they
will meet the directors of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club and discuss mat
ters of interest to Pacific Coast rac
ing.
Officials. to Discuss Racing.
Porbrs and Cobb FIrnt a Draw.
DETP.OIT. Mich.. Nov. 4.— Clarence
Forbes of Chicago and Harry Cobb of
Detroit fought ten rounds to a
draw at the Detroit Athletic Club here
to-night. For five rounds Forbes was
easily master of the situation, but
Cofcb evened up matters In the sev
enth, eighth and ninth, having Forbes
in a tired condition at the end of the
eisfcth. In the tenth round honors
- -¦- even. H Will Mill' 'WWisfWsffTl T iTTT
llexxrokis Time Trials Abandoned
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. Nov. 4. — The
Xlernphi* Trotting .Association's u?
plemer.ta.1 fall meeting has been In
¦<2«.Snitely postponed because of ad
verse weather conditions. Dan Patch
has been shipped to St. Louis.
Members of the Prohibition party
held an enthusiastic gathering at
Academy of Sciences Hall last night.
A large percentage of those present
were women, many of whom are
prominent in the various temperance
organizations of the State.
After "America** was sung the
speaker of the evening. Rev. Anna
Pow Bauder, president of the Wom
en's Prohibition Club, deliver«d an ad
dress that was frequently Interrupted
by applause. She was followed by H.
Le Baron Smith, who spoke on the
evils of the liquor traffic and told
what he thought prohibition would do
to advance the interests of the Gov
ernment and society.
Miss Anna Chase. Earl G. ; Luisley
and T. J. Alley made short speeches
for the cause, advocating ; the princi
ples laid down in, the Prohibition par
ty's platform. The final* address was
made by D. - B.^Pratt.
Gathering Is Attended by Many
Temperance Advocates.
HaD and Sober (15> -ra.' Versaso and Martra
<IS 3-6); Marvin aad Peck (ii> »». Lemon and
Cbde Ct-*>: Dr.'Lo-regroY* and Fuller <1S) »¦*.
Allan brothers (15): Guerin brothers <U> •»».
Rcch« and Norton <scratch): Hamilton and
Roche t30) t»- 3111>r asd Turner (13 3-«>:
Dcnlap asd Foiey (owe 15) t», Sweeney aad
Tramagar <3©>; Baker brotaers lowe U) ts.
Geu »"¦< Singleton (IS 3-4); Edwards aad
Jo*epa «li 3-0) ts. Gardner and G*ram*m
(scratch); Finn and Ijrona (13 3-4) ts. Darts
and J. Baker (IS 3-6) : Drotla and Uana (3-4>
ts. jOtia and 3feD«zf3e (3-O; WlUtney aitd
Ortrnn Ion 13) vs. HocchkUs brother*
(-cratch): Brabant and Flnaeran <serateh> *•-
Martin and Sterns (13 3-O; Lewis and Roatt\
I (3-fl ts. Major Van YUet and Gan!ner (3-4):
[ Teller and -Parr (?-«) ts. Hail and Gabriel
' «a-ti>; Crels&toa aad Allan t». F. Adams and
t Lyttcn.
The drawing for the handicap tesnla
doubles tournament, to be played on
the Golden Gate Park courts to-mor
row, resulted as follows:
Tennis Teams Are Matched.
Dennis Stack was called to 'prove
that the revolver which the defendant
admitted was his property had been
stolen from him \ while occupying^ a
room adjoining the one occupied by
the defendant, ' but' Attorney .Lindsay
for the defendant objected. The
Judge the objection, hold
ing .that one crime . could not be
proved , by establishing another. Be
sides." it had been admitted that the
revolver 'was the defendant's. •
As the" deputy " sheriff has - hot" yet
returned with George L/.Ctaytor, ' the
defautling witness for the : State, . from
Soulsbyville, . Tuolumne ; , Cputy, -.- the
case .was continued - till next Wednes
day "morning. _ * ;
The trial of Harry RadclJffe on the
charge of ' murder for "shooting and
killing v Andrew Riley at Ninth and
Folsom streets waf continued yester
day before a Jury, in Judge Cook's
eourt. All the witnesses, with one
exception, were . policemen, and thsir
testimony was chiefly to "trace the
clothing and other, property taken
from the defendant at the time of his
arrest v till they -were produced In
court and to show that nothing had
been done to them.
Police Officers Trace Alleged Murder
er's Clothing From His Arrest
Till Produced in Court.
PROHD3ITION- PARTY MKrriS.
EVIDENCE THAT RADCLIFFE
STOLE REVOLVER REJECTED
Marsciano . was convicted of leasing
his buildings for Immoral purposes
and fined J500. He appealed to the
Superior. Court- The police continued
to arrest him dally, as he was per
sisting In violating the ordinance. JThe
writ was asked to stop these airests-
Attorney George D. Collins argued
that the subsequent arrests were il
legal.
The Judge . held that the first con
viction embraced all the offenses up
to that time, but any subsequent vio
lation was a new offense. It was hot
a proper subject for a writ of. habeas
corpus, the proper course being to
plead a prior conviction In the lower
court. If llarsicano could show that
he could not prevent the leasing - of
the buildings for immoral purposes
he could plead that as a defense.
' The . Judgment will be entered on
Monday. Meantime Collins will take
steps to bring the case before the Su
preme Court to have the action of
Judge Cook reviewed.
The argument on the application
for a writ of habeas corpus for the
release of P. Marsicano, owner of the
buildings at 1129 Dunpnt street, was
made before Judge Cook yesterday.
The writ was dismissed and the pris
oner remanded, but the Judgment Is
not to take effect till Monday morn
ing.
Buildin— at 1129 Dupont Street
Can Be Arrested Dally.
Jndsre Cook Holds That Owner of
APPLICATION* FOR WRIT
FOR MARSICA>~O DENIED
Scottish Bowi<*r« fn Novel Match.
The Scottish bowlers will be seen
In tournament play to-day and Tues
day. Besides the doubles tournament,
which was started eeveral weeks ago,
there will be a novel event. It Is to
b*» a match between four players from
the County Ayrshire, Scotland. A
month ago James Gray, Maxwell
Crowe. Joseph Gray and J. McLach
lan, all .from the same county in. Scot
land, challenged any four players on
the green to a match to be played on
election day. The . challenge has been
accepted by A. A. McVlcar, Dr. Hamil
tcri| Thomas McNaught and J. , C.
Moffatt. The latter are four of the
eleverest bowlers in the city and the
Ayrshire representatives will have
their hands full winning.
Play in the doubles tournament will
be resumed this afternoon and on
Tuesday, when It is expected the semi
final round will be reached.
The following teams are still in the
competition:
John McLaren and J. Etott. J. O'Brien and
T. C. Lawscn, James Gray and Andrew
Wliki* JIaxTrell Crowe and H. L. Tlckner.
Robert Park and Wallac* Cock. W. R. Eaton
and E. C Medean. Joseph Gray and Thomas
XcNancht. j. McLachlaa and James Webster,
J. c. Stoffatt and Th«ma* Millar.
Sustaios a Broken Collar Bone in a
Race at Latonia.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 4. — Thorn
hedge, in the steeplechase, was the
orJy winning favorite at Latonia to
day, the other five events going to
heavily played outsiders.
Jockey For. who is under contract
to Eu^hejr McCarren. had his collru
bone broken by a fall In the fifth
race- Just after rounding into the
stretch Praise stumbled and went
fiown. Neva Welch, with Foy up,
fell over him. Th» weather was
clear and the track fast. Summary:
Ff«»t rac*. six fcricrrgs — J. Eld GriUo woe.
Dusky secocd. Bcb FrankUn third- Time,
l:i«H.
fc*ojnd race, oce exll« — Colombia Girt wen.
ttetn wtccTuL Hopeful Sf!»« third. Tlae. 1:41.
Th:r4 race, fix an4 a- hair furlongs — Jake
Grwesberg won. Comrade second. The Regent
third. Tlsse. 1:19!*.
Fc«rth race, steeplechase, short enarse —
Tiornaedge wen. 6am Parker secend. Pick
Tan*, third. Time. 2:»H-
Ft^h race five ruriotyr* — Agnes Vlnrinla
won. GaHr* swooca. H^adow Ptonie third.
Time. 1.01H.
Sixth rac». oae and tkrt* etxreecth tnliea —
5«rtftartEg woo secco4. Goo Goo third.
Ti=e, S:OO«a-
JOCKEY FOY IS INJURED
F«*e rve stake — Pasbst King. Red Brick. Firs
Brick. Toung Kerry Pipptn. Cascade. Snnny
Socth. Mount Eagle. General Fremont. BetCajt,
YemX. F*tr«, Betla Uoyd, Ptiter. Jerry Wright.
Rose Tree. Commercial TraTeler. Pnr» Pearl.
Dtmcas. Blu» Crai?. Doreen. Alcatrax. Equa
tor. Maid of Glen. Rn.*ty Anchor. PaCut Pleas
ant Mark Twatn. Bob R. KIntla. Lulu GirL
Jo« HtU. Free Costa. Rocklln Boy. Agitator.
Class stake— MeUlnwood. High Born. Jlga-
Baroo. Loretta. Oltda. Bright Columbia. Little
P:oEger. Eagle Bird. Sacramento Boy. Vina.
Northern Alarm, Fretter. Fair Flying. Ton
Muriick. Remisso Aatno. Conroy.
ey will be apportioned and the field of
ficials selected. There will be na
coursing at Ingleside Park on Saturday
or Sunday of next week.
The coursing at Union Park to-mor
row will be provided by two stakes, a
class event with eight entries, and a
fifty-six dog reserve stake. The likely
winners look to be:
Class stake — Pomona. La Rcaa, Richard An
ton. Lacy CUir.
Reset-re stake — Rich Array, False Alarm.
Cancan] Tralee. Gold Chain. Texas JHX. Craw
ford Belie. Lord Bra-t-n. Polka Dot. Una. Idaho
Boy, Paul Dunbar, Icne Hill. M! Amiga* Real
P&sha. Adonts. tilaneos. Prompto. Rnnaway
Actress. Dorothy M. Gotden Garter. Cblor-i
Lady. T»xii Black Ltps. Six 'Winton. P_iure-<1
Actor. WlM Ncrih. Stroc, Liberator, Royal
Spirit.
Two stakes, a class and a reserve,
will be run to-day and to-morrow at
Ingleside Coursing Park. The likely
winners look to be:
Mayor Svhniitz Cheered.
The Labor party meeting at Potrero
Hall drew a great crow'd last night.
Mayor Schmitz was the "star speaker
of the evening. He was received with
cheers when he entered the hall and
hla remarks were frequently punctu
atd with Tapplause. / In . his speech he
urged the members of the / labor
unions"; to •. stick ¦ together and victory
would surety and ultimately Jbel theirs.
¦-' The : meeting was » a™ Joint ' combina
tion '". of ; the Thirty-first J and " Thirty
second Assembly districts.
Next Saturday will be a red letter
day among sportsmen. The winter sea
son of racing will commence, the an
nual Intercollegiate football game will
be played and the John Grace Cup, the
richest stake for which American
greyhounds compete, will be started at
Union Coursing Park. This will be the
tenth renewal of the Grace Cup. The
following dogs have -won it since it was
Inaugurated:
1?96 _At Newark. E. H. Matawter'* Fear
*°h*-ll StSSSf Orai *-XW. MOta
?i^A?CnJon Park. M. Dean's Cbnnemar*.
|6^_At Union Park, J. H. Roster's Fxr
Fi £xfF«K2ry 24-At Union J>ark-CurU» ft
S °SS» I SSSJ a^-At Cnlcn Park. D. Wish'.
Sl S5K?l§£at££ Curt!* * Sons' Beacca.
$1 Sc2-At Union Park, D. Walsh't Sacramento
* Unloo Park^. I~y Crawford.
Rector. »«». -
The total purse this yea* will be
about 53500. The entrance fee Is $25 for
each dog. Instead of making three
moneys as in home racing, the purse is
so distributed that all but six of the
sixty-four dogs entered win at least
their entrance fee. To bring about
this result there is a consolation prize
for the dogs beaten In the cup and an
other consolation for the dogs beaten
In the plate/
Although Butte (Mont.) and South
ern California will send their fleetest
hounds^ the kennels of Central Cali
fornia are. expected to provide the win
ner. The kennels of Nethercott and of
Raught from Sacramento will probably
provide the Btake favorite. Included
In their strings are Pocatelli, Barge,
Friendless Boy. La Rosa. Valley Pride,
Belle Free." • TilHe - R. Qulta and Silver
Heels.
In addition to the Sacramento grey
hounds, this district will send some
clever representatives to the slips.
James -Sweeney will have Rocked
Asleep, Richard Anton, McVey and
Rocker Arm in the running.
Jack Dennis will start Racing Auto,
Renegade Apache, The .Referee and
Sherman. " " \
T. J. Cronin ' will be represented by
Hudson and Vandal.
T. Jones trill have in Little Plunger
and Frisky Barbara.
Sacramento '¦ Boy; which has won the
cup twice" In four starts, will also be_a
contender. 11 ; Rector, " with the same rec"
ord "of 'starts " and : with one victory to
his credit, will also, go to the slips.
J. 6'Snea will probably pin his hopes
to Doc Burns.
. Full .Moon," Mount Rose. : 'Gambit,
Honest John, Flower Girl/ ~ Humbold t.
Tonv King, Eagle T Bird, . _ New - Home
Boy, , : Lord J Brazen/ Agile Spurt. .. Tom
Hooker,' Graf ton 1 and other performers,
both young 'and ? old, will be" sent for
the" irich 'stake/. ''.,-.. ¦-¦"¦]•:'.:'-: ',:.-},<"
/.Tb*! draw, will be ; held .•next iWednes"
day night. At this time the prize mon-
GREYHOUNDS IN TRAINING
FOR A VALUABLE STAKE
Sixth ra?e, «wa fcrlongi, pnr»« — Darthula
104. Frances Dtllcn 108. MaHoen 104. Sweet
Kttty BWIair 1CS, Erla Lee 104, Monet 10«5.
Mils Jcrdan 1CS. Gwen 104. Gasconne 104,
Itasca 104. HerUda 104. Sans Coeor 104.
F;fth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
injr — Frivol ft5 Aprie »«. Ralnlmnd 109. School
mat* lOft. Woodlawn Belle ©9. Retraiter 10»5,
M«rry Plcneer SS. Brooklyn 100. Benekart 1CW,
Jo* Lesser 109. - '
Fourth race, seven furlongs, purse — Schwarz
wald 101. -ir Gallant 104, Estrada Palma 104.
The Regent 107. Meggs 104, Stand Pat 101,
Fl-wcnica 101.
wo and a quarter miles, the
Ciub Members' cci>— Neversnch 89. Reserva
tion 110. Cheboytan 94. Barney Bark 1C2.
Curate 99. Prism 102. Jadge Hlmes 106. (Reser
vation asd Cteboygan. Hendry entry.)
S«cor.d race, six farlcogs,. perse — The Thrall
If*. Big Beach 1O3. Manfred 103, Exalted 106.
Scotch Irish 103. Fireball 103. Gold Enamel
113. Mint Smash 103. Arthur Cummer 103,
Kl rt xrr.;t.r.- 116.
First race, cne mile. seCing — Belltoone 98.
My AIlo; 8*. Santa Luna 103. Ev» Claire 103.
Ph'ora 1C3. Ruth ParrUh 103. Ioie 1C3. Doty
IOC, Two Fetjey 101. Florence Fonso 38." Gi
gartic i»S. Dod Anderson 10*5, Rachael Ward
104, Red White and Blue 9S.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 4.— The entries
for to-morrow at Latonia follow:
LATOXIA ENTRIES.
The serpentine was danced around
the gigantic bonfire after the speakers
had all been heard and cheered to the
echo. For thirty minutes the men
paraded on the field, while the univer
sity band played college airs and the
great throng of spectators shouted their
appreciation of the picturesque spec
tacle.
The team will line up against Nevada
to-morrow and an exciting struggle is
expected.
BERKELEY." Nov.' 4.— The last open- J
air rally of the "rooters" before the in- .
tercollegiate football game on the 12th
Inst. was held to-night on the new
California field. The affair was called
a "dedication" of the field. It was in
charge of Eugene Hallett-
Freshmen brought quantities of wood
for a gigantic bonfire in the center of
the field, and by the light of the blazing
boxes prominent students and alumni
addressed the shouting rooters until
enough enthusiasm was kindled to sat
isfy the exacting chairman of the rally
that California would not be lacking in
vim and noise when it came to boost
ing the blue and gold men at the big
game.
STANFORD UNTVERSITT/NovI' 4.—
The Stanford varsity football team
lines up to-morrow against the eleven
from -Utah Agricultural College for
the final game of the preliminary sea
son. The result of . the contest should
be an easy victory for Stanford, as
Utah is in a badly crippled condition,
having only four men in fit shape. Cap
tain Madsen, left tackle, was badly in
jured in the Multnomah game. Olsen,
the opposite tackle, will not be able to
play.
With the exception of Thomoson at
left guard the cardinal team will be at
its strongest, and an attempt will be
made to roll up the largest possible
score. It will be a good opportunity to
judge the speed of Lanagan's team, as
well as a test of the endurance of the
players.
Beginning Monday the football squad
will go into secret practice for the
week. During that time the men will
perfect their team work and will prac
tice some new and complicated plays.
By Thursday the men will be in readi
ness for the great struggle with Cali
fornia.
The line-up of to-morrow's teams will
Stanford. Position. Utah.
Clsrk ir— E— R Kadlita
Sprott. L— T — R. ....... Mortens^a
Van Sickla... L— G— R Mat.«»n
Hyde. : Center. .......... Peterson
Roosevelt A — G — L G. Hansen
Shields .K— T— L ..Nelson
Smith.. ......R— B— L Roberts
Bansbach .Quarter 9. Hans«n
Dole L— H — R...... -Wang-sgard
Chalmers R^ — H — L. Jardlna
Weller Fullback Egbert
Umpire — Professor Lewers. Referee— Mc-
Fadden. Timekeepers— Professor Jensen and
BartelL '
johnny Schorr's horses and those of
S. S. Tracy are due to reach here to
day. The former had a profitable sea
son at Chicago. Ananias especially
proving a good money- winner.
Henry Fllttner. former cashier for
George Rose and Barney Schreloer.
will book at Oakland when the season
opens. His block man. will be Harry
Froellch.
In another car which reached Oak
land from Kansas City canoe three
horses owned by G. W. Dodge, a St.
Louis turfman; also the strings of W.
D. Knapp, Frank Healey and Pnert
Wllkerson.
picion. Joe Jones was the star per
former during the closing weeks of the
season at Oakland last spring, but the
same amount of success did not attend
his efforts in the Eastern country.
The string of. nine horses owned by*
Charley Henshall and . In charge of
Trainer Early Wright, reached Oak
land from Chicago yesterday. Smithy
Kane, a useful two-year-old, the prop
erty of L. T. Han and L. S. Marshall,
was a passenger in the same car. Hen
shall had a successful season on tha
New Tork tracks, cleaning up thou
sands on some well-planned coups. Sir
Brillar and Martinmas are the stars
of his string.
Knapp is a great favorite with Cali
fornia crowds, and Justly so. for hi3
riding here has always been above sus-
"Big Bin" Knapp, the Jockey, and
his side partner, Joe Jones, arrived at
Oakland yesterday from Tvarnmg City.
J. T. Sheehan, the well-known Califor
nia rider, returned with the first n£zned
duo, after a successful season on the
middle Western tracks.
Charley Hen -ha 11* ¦» String* of Nine
Horses Is Here hi Charge of
i Trainer Wright.
Totals.31 1 7 27 13>
RCN3 A>-T> HITS BY^IXNTXGS.
Lo, Angeles 0 O 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 1 O 0 1 2 O 1 1 1 — 7
Tacoma ...-O 1 0 O 3 1 1 O 0— *
Hue bits 0 2 0 0 4 111 0—9
smMARr
Stolen bases— Doyle. Casey. Noreyk*. Ea
g*n. Errors— Cfcas*. Toman (2). Hit*— Off
Baum 8. off Jones 1. Three-base bit — Ber
nard. Two-bas* hlt^-CI»ance. Sacrifice hits —
Graham. Doyle, McLaughlin. Eagan First
base en errors— Los Angeles 4. Tacoma 8.
Bases on bails — Off, Bum 3. oS Thomas 1.
Struck cat— By Baam 4. by , Thomas 3k by
Jones 2. Double plays— Graham to Kordyke:
Sheehaa to Ea«an to Xordyke: Caanc*. cn
as*iite>J Hit by pitched ball— Nordyke.
Time of game — 2:05: Umpire — Perrfne.
JOCKEYS .KNAPP AXD JOXES
ARRIVE AT OAKLAND TRACK
Berkeley Men Dedicate
the New Gridiron
Field.
Stanford Ready to Try
for a Large Sco"re
Against Utah.
COLLEGE ELEVENS MEET
VISITING TEAMS TO-DAY
The third practical baseball joke
of the week was played yesterday at
Recreation Park and it was on the
Seals. They never could recover from
that bunch that was handed out in the
initial period when the Brownies
jumped on them for five runs. Every
one was made after two men had been
retired and all came from clean hits.
Score. Portland, 7; San Francisco, 4.
Mr. Barber sure got his in that aw
ful spasm. After getting rid of the
first two men he let Nadeau punch out
a hit. Beck was right there with an
other and "Krug-ahro swung -through,
scoring Nadeau. Runkle got a base
on balls, but Spencer and Kellackey
each bit off two-base boys. "While
the Seal outfield was hotfooting after
the leather the Brownies were - hot
footing for the pan, and five of -them
got there.
That settled it in a hurry. Had th«!
at RecreatJon Park.
Badly Beaten by Portland In Game
SEALS OX THE- LOSING EXD.
old* — Red Rater '101. Biucher 110, Ken 101.
Ycrkihir* Lad 110. Cedarstrcme 110. Bill Bai
ley II 110 All&raear 110/ Only One 110. Mettl«
10Z.-Sa:jreni« Court IOC Grand ¦ Duchess 107.'
Cctirter Iu7. Critical 107. Ismailian 107. Sa
ladin 110. BeHa EUrnora 107. Blue Pigeon 107,
Salt and Perper 107. Hawtrey 110, Chimney
Sweer 110.
cap — Graceful 94. Ascension 111. Orthodox 110,
Israelite 103.
Fifth race. o=» and an eighth miles, handi
cap — Grecade 124 P»raijt«ie« 128, Lord Badge
11*. Dekaber 117, Cloverfand 113. Akela 112.
Sixth race, mix furlongs, maiden faro-year
Dress IW. Dlamcnd Flash '04. Danseuse SW.
Bella Sauvace 104. AU Scarlet 104. Highborn
00. Coaraeio II 100. Nellie Rnseell 99. BtVJg
erent lul. Foxy 105. Ralbert 89. White Stone
97. Lang Dotan 93. Uncas US, Applaud 97.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, Bayview handi-
XEW YORK, Sow 4. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Aqueduct
track follow:
First race, six and a half farioogs, seliin? —
Rurtt and True 10f*. Counterpoise 1C*>. Astarita
Hi. Etnerrency 102. Foxy Kane 111. Invtncl
t» l'Jfc. Hakim 10>». Pat Bulrer 106. Et Tu
Brute 104. Young HeEry 112.
Second race, cc* jzOt. s^Ilinx— Kickshaw 97,
Hom«*t»ad 100/ Cthlcs 105. Out cf Reach 111.
Charter luO. Akela 102, Briarthorpe 92. gonth
Trirr-tle 103. Bri«and lOe. Prince Salm Salni
6«. Topic 106. Dimple 101. All Rirht 92.
Third race, fire and a half furlonirs. selling.
two-year-ctls — Bert Arthur ST. Eaterre 94.
Whit* Marsh 103. Otaego 102 Dazzle 97. Fancy
AQUEDUCT EXTRIES-
LOS AXGELES, Nov. 4.— Baum
was wild to-day, while Thomas was
as steady as a clock. That accounts
for Tacoma's victory by the score of
6 to 1.'. Tacoma put up a fast, snappy
game In the . field, while the Angels
were ragged in spots- Chance's arm
was.8ore.and to this . fact . Tacoma
owes one or more runs, as several
bases were stolen on him at critical
stages. Score:
Lew Aneeles— I Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P. A. I AB.R. H. PJL
Brnrd.cf 4 118 0 Doyle.rf 4 0 1 1 O
Flood.2b 3 0 12 3 Caaey.2b 4 2 15 4
Smlth^b 4 0 10 2 Nrdyk.lb 3 0 0 11 0
Chance.c 4 0 19 2 Eagan,ts 4 12 2 2
Cravth.rf 4 0 12 0 Shehiu3T> 4 0 O 1 4
Cse.2b-lb 3 0 0 S i;Lynch.cf 4 1 2 O O
Vomn, ss 2 O 1 O 3 . McUrUJ 3 0 O;2 O
Ross. If . 3 O 1 2 CfGrahm.c 3 12 3 1
Bau.ni. p 2 0 ' O O ffTbmaa.p 4 1 1 O 2
/ones. p-lOOOOj •
Brshr.lb 1 0 0 1 Oi Totals.33 « 9 27 13
Tacoma Plays; Snappy Ball, While
Angel Work Is Ragged.
PITCHER BAUMIS WILD.
By the New Tcrk Morning TeSeffraph.
First race — Santa Luna, Rachel
Ward, Red White and Blue.
. Second race— Gold Enamel, Kurtz
ntaon, FlrebalL -/ ¦viv;.- t
Third race— Hendrie entry, >*erer
soeh. Curate.
Fourth race— -Estrada Palma, Sir
Gallant. The Regent.
Fifth ra<* — Schoolmate, Reqnlter,
Merry Pioneer.
Sixth race — Monet, Muldoon, Dar
thula.
Condition of the track — Fast.
LATOXIA SELECTIONS.
. Driscoll ' was • nearly beaten to the
floor in the first' round and It seemed
only a matter of a short time when he
would go- oat for keeps. Hecarne back
fighting in the next period and Landed
a few good rights and lefts on Tenny's
jaw and body. The latter, h</wever.
kept busy- all- the time and fought his
opponent to a standstill. Driscoll was
there with another strong comeback in
the third and fourth rounds J and. al
though nearly In. he fought gamely and
floored Tenny twice with right swing3
iff the jaw. At that. Tenny wa3 land-
Ing two blows to Driacoll's one. The
synipethy of the crowd probably in
fluenced the judges and they voted
against the man who won by a block.
; Frank -Edwards' fight against
Tommy West, the whirlwind bantam,
was the event of the evening. Ed
wards showed cleverness and game
ness that was more than astonishing;
and he succeeded in* beating down the
boy who has been In the habit of best
ing all his opponents within two
rounds. Edwards got started with his
straight left in the second round and
he kept right after his man without
letting up. West made many wild
dashes to "~!sh his man. but Edward3
was always there with a block or a
punch antt his great work brought
home the money.
Charles Smith- lasted only half a
round with Frank Mayfield. Youns
Dempsey finished Hughey Carr in the
same length of time. Frank Brierly
put Jim Kelly away in three round3
and Harry Williams outpointed Harry
Hawley after four rounds of desperate
fighting. The bouts were hald under
the auspices of the Bay City Club and
brought out a full house.
•Barney Driscoll. the game little ban
tam, faced hi3 old-time opponent.
Harry Tenny, at Mechanics' Pavilion
annex last night and. after fighting
four vicious* round3 with the southside
whirlwind... was- . given the decision.
DtlscoU. fought a~ great battle, but
Tenny . fought a still greater one. For
all that he was iriven second money.
B7 the New Tork Uorninj Teteerapa.
First race — Counterpoise, Et Tu
Brute, Emergency.
Second race — South Trimble, Akela,
Dimple.
Third race — Belligerent, Fancy
Dre*«, Danscuse.
Fourth race — Israelite, Orthodox,
Ascension.
Fifth racie — Grenade, Lord Badge,
Dctaber.
Sixth race — Yorkshire Lad, Blncher,
Supreme Court.
Condition of the track — Fast.
AQUEDUCT SELECTION'S
Stolen bases — Leahy, Dunleavy. Errors —
Freeman," Hall. Delmaa^" Schlafley 2. Dever
eaox. Moskiman. Two-base hits — Van Haltren,
Smith. Schlafiey.- Sacrifice hits — Freeman. Can.
ley. Schlafley. First base on errors— Seattle 3.
Oakland L First base on called balls — O2
STJptds 7. off Mcskiman 2. . Left on bases —
Seattle 9. Oakland 8. Struck out— By Shields
4 by Moskiman 6. Double play — Schlafley to
Franks to Streib- Passed ball — Leahy,' "Wild
pitch — Shields. Time of same — One hottr and
forty-five minutes. Umpire — McDonald. - •
RUNS AND BT INNINGS.
SeatUe" ...;".\... 2 "0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Or- 2
Base hits.. 2_1IO 2 10 10 0^-7
Oakiand 01 11-0 0;0 Ox — 3
Base. hits...... Q.I; O 3 1 O 1 • x— «
i*r ; : ; > ' ¦; EUMMART.
Tfctals.35 .2 - T 1\ I2J " Totalise .3 8 27 12
The -Commuters took, another «tep
toward the head of the pennant race
yesterday at Oakland, nosing* out Se^
attle by one run. Seattle" made two
in the first inning, but after that was
unable to find Dr. Moskiman and
failed to get a man across the rubber.
Oakland's tallies were scattered," com-f
ing In the second.- third and>fourthl
Schlafley was the hero of "the' day,
bringing in two of the runs, straight^
ening out one. of Shields' twisters .-for
two bags and starting. the only double
play of the afternoon;" .The game as
a whole was rather tame.
, The .score follows r
Seattle— Oakland^ —
AB.R. H. P.A. - » AB.R. H. P.A:
VanH,ef4 1 2-1 1 Ganly, rf 3 0 0 2 0
Fremn,lt> 4-0 1 9 0 Frocks.-rro 11 3
Delhty.3b 4 1 0 1 1 Dnlvy. IT 3 0 1 1 ft
Frisk. If .? 4 • 0 0 2 0Sch!3y.2b 2 2 1 2 4
Smith, r?4 0 2 1 OQTKay.ct 4 0 0.2 0
Leahy, c. «• O O 6 2Strelb. llrS O 2 » 0
Hall. s.;.4-0 O "4 2JDevrx. 3b 3 0.1.3 1
I>e!ms,2b.-4 0 0 0 4 1 Byrnes, c 4 0 0. 7 1
Shields, p 4 .0.2 X» 2jilskmn,p 1 1 O O 3
"Whirlwind Bantam Meets
Match in Lad Who Uses a
- Left Hand ta the Head
Lick has three good backs in Snell.
Seminario and Merritt. Snell, the full
back, is given the ball on the shift play
Coaches Smock aad Cavanaugh, who
have Eastern reputations, have devel
oped the fastest team on the coast and
the one nearest to Michigan in style of
play. Stars have been eliminated and
an eleven developed that depends- on
no one man nor 'set of men to do the
work. The eleven men are of . about
equal ability and each man knows
what is expected of him and does It.
In Dieti, Coach Smock has the' best
"scattered field" runner in the league,
but he believes that a "star" tends to
demoralize a team and do away with
team work. For this reason It is more
than likely Dietz will not get a chance
to shine.
The final football game for the cham
pionship of the Academic Athletic
League will be played "on the Presidio
grounds to-day at 2:30 p. m. The con
testing teams will be Lick and Oakland
high schools. This game is attracting
more attention than any academic
game ever pfayed in this city. Oak
land has beaten all competitors across
the bay, while Lick has proved ita
supremacy. on this sf4e.
The local high school team is playing
football- as it has never been played
by a "prep" school team before on the
coast. In the Lick-PalofAltOj; game
Lick averaged . three plays _\a minute
and the game was the fastest of the
season. In practice during the last two
weeks the boy3 from the Potrero have
been averaging . five plays to the min
ute and if the game to-day is not a'
whirlwind it Will, not be their fault.
The local eleven has^ developed almost
perfect team~wbrk and its play Is like
clockwork.
FORM AS FIGURED
BY HANDICAPPERS
and he has it down pat.- He runs hard
and Is hard to stop, llenitt . : is; good
at line bucking, while Seminario's long
suit is end, running. _; He. Is not r a"bril
liant player^ but he '• follows his { inter
ference well and is a hard One
of Uck's most consistent- ground gain
ers Is "Bill" Main. the. tackle. For a
.two or three yard gain he is the best
man on the team. .^He is so fast that
there Is danger of . making a forward
pass when he Is given the balL Quar
terback. Golcher haV,to get th'e ball off
as fact as possible -to avoid ihia dan
ger. .' v -'. -'¦/: Xz :: . ¦;'- "'
¦ If Golcher. nin» the team j as well as
he' dia against Palo . Alto it Is safe "'to'
say he will be in the game till the fin
ish.'. If -he loses": his ?head. Diets .'will
probably take his place. , £ -
-The fact that many have been saying
that Oakland beat' Berkeley -on a fluke"
has caused the players from the former
school to train hard 'and. prove if pos
sible they are^the best team in^the
league. Many claim .Jhat "_ Berkeley A*
at least ten points stronger than Oak
land. The Oakland boys I have played
only one game on this side of the bay.
They beat Santa Rosa 23^0 in the semi
finals, but at that their showing was
none too good. . It is only fair to state
that Oakland had substitute tackles in
that game and were over-confident.
"Pete" Smith and "Billy" Reid will
be the officials. The teams will line up
as follows:
Lick. Positions. Oakland.
O'Connor. L — E — R Spangler
Main L — T — R Becker
Moullen ..U— G — R. : .;.... Davis
KotchkUa (c). ...... Center ..Bramhall- <c>
Keenan R — G — L.... Lanigan
White R — T — L, Dozier
Deacon R— E— L. llaltolm
Golcher Quarter Cuahznan Qt
¦ -. .. -Cbantryaaan
Seminario L — H — R. ..;"..... Jacobcs
Merritt...; R— H— L, Jackson
Seen. Fallback Uxlngston
AQUEDUCT. Nov. 4.— "VThen a coal
black jockey, in green, white and red.
piloted tbe horse Telescope home first
in the closing event to-<iay. something
like J20.000 vu won by VT. S. Kraft,
the owner cf Telescope, and by his
clubhouse intimates. The winner open
ed at 50 to L He won by a short head,
but it cottld have been a much more
decisive victory if the rider of the
hone, known in. the West several years
ago as "Two-bits" Thompson, had not
been so careless as to- let Thespian
through next the rail.
Telescope Is a half brother to the
famous racer. Commando, being out
<f_ihe same mare, Emma C. He was a
highly tried colt when in James R.
Kerne's stable three years aco. but
wfr.t amiss in training. He ran but
one race before in his entire history.
When he broke down he went into the
possession of Alfred- Lakeland, who
sold him to "Doc" Kyle. Later on he
became the property of Kraft.
Last cummer 'Doc" Kyle, who now
train* Telescope, had him harnessed to
a begxr at Saratoga and the animal
ran amuck one day through the town,
injuring several people. The patching
up of this five-year-old gelding so that,
he should be able to win a race and a
yocd sized fortune for his owner and
the Iatter's friends was the talk of the
day among the horsemen. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Ftre fartcnci; haadJcap: tor
"two-year -clfis:
Berthas. Horse. XTelxiit. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
13 to 20 — Dltrwsd, 12t> (Re<ifern> 1 12 1 s *
T to 1 — Calrarcrm. 11* <Dart*>. 3 2 2 2 8
3 to 1— Blu* Coat. V~ (n\l£i>n<Z> 2 3 h 3 h
Time. :Z» 4-5. Start food. Wen <Srivla«.
Wianer. E. R. Tbnrrxr' ch. c. by Hastlu**
<ic:<len Dream. Back and Clover Hanpton
erisbed ma caaett. -
SECOND RACE— Oee rcile; for three-year
oM« and uc: «*I!:r.r: ~'^"J'.
3<tt:r*. Hcr»*. W>ir*rt. Jock»y. St. * t Fin.
7 to 1-X«w Tcrk. Ill fShaw)... « 5 2 1 1«
7-.-»; — r C j»:ia. IC» .HH4ebra=<I> 7 4h 2 1
13 to S — Cha^Eplain. JW (Travers). 5 !*i 3h
T5=e 1 :*•'>. Start rood. Wet cleverly. Wtn
cer. Boetcn stable s b. h. ty Str Moired-Me
tnesto. Red Kr.Urt:t. Brocklmlte. GamiJh and
Catmcn Ball finished a* earned.
THIRIVRACE — Six furlong*; handicap; for
thr»»^j«ar-^l-ia :
Dotting. Hor«. W#tjrht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
?i to 5 — Rosrbon. 123 < J. Martin) 1 1 1 1 *4
Em — CirrwTi Pr:s<re.l2 < > «Gn2.ff=) 2 2 3 2 5
S in 1— Rcb P.cy. 112 (Hild«brand> 3 3 3
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start rood. Won drivta*.
Wisaer. D. C. Jchn»on'« b. g. by Ben Strong
Roeeieaf. (Three etarterm.)
•^^^^
FOURTH RACE — Fire fartoc«»: th* Bell*
Rose Seilinc Stake*: two-year-old* :
Brttlnc- Horse. Weirfct. Jock<Tr. St. \ Fin.
4 U 5 — Cry Maid. W «Hild»bm<J) 3 1 S 1 «i
ISts-l— V-.btlck. «S« tTraven).... 4 4 3 2 Hi
4 to I-^::arapfcin». IH (Davts). 2 3*i.3*._,
.Ti^je. ;.W 3-5. Start ralr. Won driviEg. \l"in
rer. A. JKJtri br. f. by Klrsjtsn-Bonnie Gal.
Cap^r Sance and White Marah finiafaed aa
FIFTH RACE — Oce and a sixteenth tnile»:
rra.r*» «ad gr-lCZara. three years old and 115:
r^u:r.«. Hor»e. \;*eifft:t. Jockey. St. *; FTn.
« to U-CMvttcntton. 07 (HldbiM) 3 2 h 1 a
30 tc 1 — S?:r Sh*r.. 1U> <Sp«rli=jr).. 1 > - 2 h
:»> to 5— Flac-miila. 100 (Crl==i=s) 4 1 1H3 2
Tta" 1 .*7 3-5 Start fair. VTcn drivlc*.
"iVlrner. M. K. Viarerte b. g. by Watercres«-
V*TM- KrtOX* Ghost. The Hac^enoC Aura
- .- e '- - " .-.--- ir. i George Keese finished
SIXTH RACE — One mile: maiden three-year
i/*i* ami up; rarse:
BetrtatT. Hor»-. Wright. Jockey. St. %' Fin.
5 to 1 — Teie»crspe. 1-7 (Thotcpsoc) 5 13 1 h
i; to 1— TheipUa. 110 «SchiU:=»). 7 53 2 1
SOtol— Loci» H. 110 <H. Phillips) 3 S 3 1*4
Tim* 1:41 4-5. Start gxod. Wen driving.
"^¦tno»rr. tV". Kraft's b. K- by Horoscope- Emma
C. Ben Crock't. tllverioot. Weinisctae. Male
Haslcn Tcta Uwns. AUinda. Htshwiiwi.
Stalker SprtSf; Silk. Alr^r. Boarler. Anda
iuaUn. Th« Captala. Signet R.r?. nslshed aa
c«B«d. '
~ W. U Pct.| VT. U. Pet.
Tacoma ....51 39. 5*57 (Seattle 45 44 .5OJ
Oakland ....30 40 .55C Pan Fran... 37 48 .435
Los Angeles.** 37 .354iPortland 33 54 .379
STANDING OF THE CL.CBS.
Stojea bases— Shay. Kallackey. Rankle X
Spencer. Irwin. Errors— Barber. Van Boren.
Shay Two-base hits — Ejwncer. Kallaciisy.
Gorton. Runkl*. Irwta. Meaay. Sacrifice hits —
Ssiencer. Shay. First base cm errors— &a»
Francisco 1. Portland 1. First baa« on «lled
balls— OS Barber 5. off Starkela 4._ L*tx. on
ba^ea — San Franclaco ». Portland • .. •
out— By Barber 3. by EtarKeU 2. .-Hit" by
pitcher — Waldron. Double playa — An<Serson, / ta
Van Bnren to Gorton. . Scencer to .Snay to
Beck. Passed ball— Gorton. Ttzsa o« gaaie—
Oa« hour iM 45 mlsates. Umpire — Brown.
Seals been able -to stir up any ginger
they might have. beaten, the northern
bush'ers, for Starkles was~ wild and
every. Innlng^or so he came In for a
walloping. . The wallops \ were never
consistent and the Seals had- to be sat
isfied ; with the fun . the nrtv. or ntore
fans in the lot- poked at them. The
score:
San Francisco— t Portland— 'L"/iv
AB. R. H. P.A-f AB. R. H. P-A.
Hilbrd.lr 3 1 1 5 0-Drnan.er 5 O i 2 0
Meany.rf •* "0" 2 1 O'ehay.s*,. •* 0 l'J 5
Irwin.*bv.*5 O 2 1*. itXadau.lf 4 1 J l' 6- <>
VBrnTlbL 5,-0 :U;IBecUb. 5 .1*1 » 0
WaISn,er 4 5 O 1 OjKros.rf-. 5 ij-i ?
Antian.2b 3 O O 1 4Rakle^>-1.3 1 31
Gort3a.c 4 0 2 5 l|Fperrcr.2t> 3 1 2 2 3
Gchnr.sa. 4 0 0 ' 2 S,Kalefcy,c 3 "0 13 1
Barbef.p 3 11 0 4jStarkls,j> 4 J> J^J>*
Totals. 33 ~4 10 2T H| ToUls.M T » 27 11
RUN' 5 AND HITS g£pnCCggB
Portland S 0 1 0 OO 1 0 0 — T
......5 © O 1 1.1 1 ••©-•
Eaa Ftancisco ...0 1 O -O OO-l 1 J— *
Base bita 0 12 0 10 12 3—10
.. .- .'¦-.'' SITDUET.
EDAYAEDS BEATS WEST
Victory of Telescope, a Keene Cast
off, Is Sensational.
Scblafley Is the Hero of the Day on \ Idora Park Field
NOSE OUT THE ANGELS
Sensational Game Expected at the Presidio
Grounds To-Day When Lick Engages
Oakland High School.
Buggy Horse Captures
a Race at Long Odds
at Aqueduct Course
Jndges at Amateur Bout De
cide in Driseoirs Favor,
; Though ;He Is Outpointed
YOUTHFUL FOOTBALLERS IN ACTION
TENNY FAILS
TO WIN FIGHT
LOHMAN'S MEN ALIGHT
IN SECOND PLACE
BASEBALL PENNANT RACE AN EXCITING STRUGGLE BETWEEN TACOMA OAKLAND AND LOS ANGELES ALL THREE TEAMS BEING GROUPED AT TOP OF PERCENTAGE TABLE
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; NOVEMBER 5, 1904.
/•Summit Sriow?;eoar on sale «t Irvine
Bcn«'. J«l Fourtii gtr««t J , V" 1 . V v -
VALUE OF -KXOPJ ESTATE.— Tb* 'estate
of t'a-. late . Henry - Knop < baa ; been appraiser!
at $342,U»2irof which. T |17&.S2S la In cash.
Arnon? thi» securities own*! by the estate ar<»
1550 shares - of , Spring •¦> Valley 'Water Company
stock . and ' SCO . : : soa res i In • it* .« First National
.rae resignation ot Captain Georse }
H. Sasr* a* superintendent of the Olyra-
Jifej^A-thletic Club was accepted last
tfc- directors. T. J. Gough. ;
\. :.o ha*> is: en the assistant secretary
of the club for five years, was appoint
ed to the' vacancy. Captain Sa*£e re
signed because of Illness. -V ; "
Car-2 Parties;.
Everything for an enjoyable - evening
at home; playing cards, card tables, tally
cards, prlies. wnlst - sets, - Blcyele .- and
Cor: press playing cards. No such an:as
sortment .elsewhere. ,Sanborn, .Vail &
Co. 741 Market street. ¦ ' •
CWympfc: dob"* Smr Superintendent.
11
FREE FREE FREE
SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Full-sized Package of
ALLEN'S
BOSTON BROWN BREAD
FLOUR.
Siaiple to Prepare.
Delicious in Flavor.
A New England Breaxfast.
Free With Every Small Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
S«e ' Small Ad Page for Further
• . Particulars.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER,; 5, 1904.
12
LODQINQ-HOUSES FOB SALE— Con.
FOR SALE.
86- room house; downtown ;flne furnlture.$5000
24 rooms;' central; everything new, $1600;
§¦ $800.'cash. - " -. - ; ¦. .'
30 rooms; downtown: transient- $2500
14 rooms; : Sutter st. : transient $1000
100 rooms; all rented; fine furniture, $10,000.
' $6000 cash., • . • ¦••¦¦'
30 -rooms; corner house; very swell $3300
San Francisco Credit Co.. 10 Turk st.. 1st fir.
_^__AIRyOTAKTS. _____
AA— THE FUTuiLeTcAN BE ( TOLD.
FREE / • FREE FREES
¦ ¦ . If not ' correct.
¦ His regular $6 reading this week for
$1 $1 ¦ . $1. > $1\.;$1 v $1, • *V *1 i **
BLANCHARD. l
The eminent;- »- - -
Clalrvoyant-r-Psychlc — Mystic.
Tells your full name, what you called for,
whom. and when you will-marry, reads your
. entire Ufo f rom . Infancy . to old age."
He gives advice on business, love, eourt-
fshlp, marriage and tells of your friends and
enemies: removes evil Influences, reunites
the separated - and ¦ causes speedy and happy
marriage to the one of your choice; cures
disease and lost ' vitality without medicine;
locates mines, ' buried treasure, old estates,
, lost or stolen . , goods** absent friends. - -
HE SEES ALL. TELLS ALT*.
460 GEARY ST.. BETWEEN TAYLOR AND
MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS— 10 TO 8 P. M.. DAILY A"ND SUN-
DAY. '
• REMOVED.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great— ELLSMERB — Ellsmere — th* great
Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the greatest
clairvoyant . In the .world; tells your name,
what you called for, whom and when you will
marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere is dif-
ferent from - other clairvoyants, because he
does what they. claim to do. things that are
beyond ordinary understanding, things that
seem impossible: he gives you information,
• relief, success, . satisfaction, power and con-
trol cf -any character affecting any one or
anything past present or future; he tells you
Just what you may expect and what to do for
your best interests in any matter; he awak-
ens a natural force within and around you,
/ giving . you . a secret power to remove the
causa of any trouble. Influence, unhapplness,
disease, 'poverty, failure or, bad luck that
surrounds you; he opens up a way for success
and happiness you desire; a power to secretly
change the thoughts, actions, habits or lnten-
' tions of any one, even miles away: remem-
ber, there 'Is "no guesswork when you consult
him: If affairs of the heart or emotions of
love .interest -you,* he gives exact and truth-
ful advice on all love affairs; he advises you
how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables you
to win the esUem.and love of any one you
desire.
3 offices. 326 O'Farrell st. -3 offices.
Open Sundays, every day, 10 to 8. Mall, $2.
• ¦ . RICHARD MAYO,
CLAIRVOYANT. . t-'A
At a glance, before you have a chance to ut-
ter one word, he. tells "you what you came for
and wl»at..you; want- to know.
..'..".. HE" TELLS. YOU. •
HOW. TO ATTAIN SUCCESS.
Whether, your . present business Investments
will be successful: . No matter what may be
your hope, '• fear -or ambition, call on this gifted
man and find relief. His descriptions of your
friends and enemies ar» as real as though they
stood before' you. - He tells you everything,
good or bad: .you hear "the truth and nothing
but the truth, j If you are discontented, un-
happy, discouraged,., unsuccessful or In 111
health, call. on Professor Mayo and he will aid
you In life's greatest blessings, health, wealth
and happiness. ¦ Satisfaction guaranteed or no
fee accepted. - ¦¦¦ •'¦--• ¦ "
READINGS THIS WEEK' REDUCED TO ONE*
DOLLAR.
421A Ellis st. - (Private) Flat." Hours 10 a." m.
. - ' to 8 p.. m.
MME. M. BERNARD . ¦ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Exam-
iner bldg.: sffe reads your life correctly,
. gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals - the present . happenings and portrays
events. to occur In .the. future; if you are In
trouble, discontented or ¦ not' satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how : to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affaire of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. .Black 4569.
A— A— KHIRON.
GREATEST LIVING . CLAIRVOYANT, AD-
VISER on business; law, love, marriage, di-
vorce, . all affairs; reunites separated, helps
the troubled; tells your full name, what you
! called for, whom and when you will marry,
, reads your entire life from Infancy to old age;
giving names, dates, facts and figures; re-
ctores youth and lost vitality, cures dis-
eases; low fee, 50c. Hours — 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.. 1031 Market st.
MME. LANG E — Just returned: can give you
advice in your trouble by her genuine Egyp-
tian sympathy, palmistry and spiritualism;
possesses the genuine magical magnetic mir-
ror and crystal reading, which shows the
correct picture > of future wife or husband;
never falls; convince yourself; readings, 25o
and up; 10 to 8 D.-m.; also Sundays; cures
diseases by her strong sympathy. 46 7th st,
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. • Offlce hours — 10
a." m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, -clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; 1. COc; g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. 803 Jones, near Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr.and palm.;
reveals love,- marriage, business,' etc. ; L. 60e;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A — Mme. .Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis et., near Market.
MME. MARSEAU,- card reader; ladies, 25c;
gents, . COc. , 545 Minna st. , - .
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 612 Jessie at
ROSALIND, world renowned spiritual clairvoy-
ant, psychic, palmist. 19 Powell (The Earl).
MME. ODELL,' clairvoyant, card' reading, tea
- leaves; 25c up. 61 2 Vi Eddy st. : no sign.
MISS WARD. - clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts. The Vendome, 1104 Market, r. 24.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th St., rooms 1-2.'
MRS. BAUM ANN, the well known fortune-
teller, la now at 317 Ellis st. '
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
-Call, 16 pages, sent to any address < in the.
United States or Canada one year for $1.
/ BvxwsraKtisM. . * _
INQATHERESE SHAGREN, the best psychic
In the city; I have thousands of testimonials
as to my ability to read the future; call and
I will -give 'you -a trial reading of your life
free. : 19 Ewinjr place, on west side of.La-
guna St., between 'Sutter and Post; ro sign.
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fred P. Ev-
- ans, ¦ famous psychic for slate writing, 'clair-
voyant. ; Office, 1112 Eddy. _ Phone Scott 887.
MRS.' BURR - (formerly Mme. : Anthony), medi-
um and life reader, 32 Rltch at.; ladies 25c;
' ' gentlemen T 50c. • , ' , -
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium, and
life reader.- 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. . GORDON. ¦ business " medium and life
, reader. - 132 -.Sixth et. , ' ¦ : '
MRS. -LESTER, clairvoVant, medium." life read-
' - «r:» clr. . evga., : 10c; '.read.', dally. •; 830 Mission
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln,
*?. room 49;. readings 1 to 8; tel. South 310."
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call, 1 " 16 » pages," aent • to ¦ any . address In ' the
United State? or Canada one year for $1. :
CARPET BEATING AND CI.EA2rr_TO.
COMPRESSED Air and : Process used
. 'for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
" 'carpets and ruga also cleaned by compressed
air at ¦ shop; prices ¦¦ moderate. S. F. Com-
: pressed Air • Cleaning - Co., 308 Market ¦ vU :
* ; phones Main : 152 and Buah 479. > ; , ; -
WHEN- you become, disgusted with your work
[Vaend for SPAULDING'S. Pioneer Carpet-beat-
| •;lng 1 ,works,t355-357'.Tehama st. Tel. South 40.'
WESTERN Carpet' Cleaning Works, .1809 Har-
¦ ' 'rison : st: ; i Al - cleaning." __.!:¦ FRED p HAGE-
,';DORN_r, CO.; phone Mission 225. ,:, , .
CONKLIN'S " Superior,. Carpet F Beating Works,
• ' ; 333 Golden Gate ave.' 4 Telephone East 126." "¦¦
MITCHELL'S, ¦. 240 Pourteenth " at.— First-claM
: '. carpet ' clean! ng, 3c ; yard." Tel. Mission 74. « V
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
'. tel: Main 394 GEO/ WALCOM A CO ~. Props.
RUDOLPH A. CO.; carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.-
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTBESSES.
;£c'D0WELL Dressmaking"* Millinery School—
.-~ Patterns cut to measure; "eve, class.- 1010 Mkt.
Accordion,- sunburst 'and : knife ,' pleating/. Btew-
' art's button and buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.:
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns,' $3 50; fillings, 50c;
. plates; ; $5; " full set; all .work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
, — No 'charge -for extracting ' when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 5Oc; gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2: no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR ChTsHOLM." surgeon-dentist. r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid.. §00 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
I Set teeth, $1.60 up; crowns, $2 up;fillings, 25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
,tu corner Sutter st. and Grant -ave.
ALL work guaranteed. by the New York den-
tlsts.^Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent. to. any address In the
' United States or Canada- one year for $1.
EDZTOATXOZTAX.
A — THE Lyceum,- an accredited preparatory
school for university, law* and medical I col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
' — ¦ — ¦
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$.V); positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed,
fiend for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
A — "Single page method": no text- books; twice
th« progress in artlthmetlcbookkeeplng.short-
hand. etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1281 Mkt.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, -EBay, cvanlde; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting post-
. tlons. S. B. Business College, .738 Mission.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; send
- for - circulars.
YOUNQ lady having had nine years' experi-
ence In teaching wishes position as kinder-
garten teacher. Box 4025, Call offlce.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posl-
tlons, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo. .
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGB. 1S82 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R.' II. .Webster, Pres.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN. 1155 Larkln. gives thor-
ough, successful instruction in piano and vocal.
SPANISH.French.etcProf.De Flllppe'sAcademy
of languages, 1018 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs.
GUITAR, mandolin and, piano, $3 per month;
mandolin club, $1 per month. 82S Halght st,
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 202 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
/ PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght;
Individual lnstruc. ; all branches: day. eve.
CALIFORNIA Business! College. 825 Golden
Gate ave., S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerl:a— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in -the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
eupplle* t-ent help promptly; ctty or country.
8. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel.James 62.31.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office^ — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office." 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tamagaki.mgr. Tel. Bush 850.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Lson Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. '316 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907.- BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WA-TTEP— rEMALE.
A GERMAN girl wants position as nurse for
child 3 years or over; speaks perfect Ger-
man and English; plain sewing; wages $25.
Box 4443. Call. ' ¦ -
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer and
typewriter desires position with some reliable
firm; law work preferred; salary moderate. I
Box 4454. Call. •
A GERMAN woman wants to do washing,
house-cleaning and ironing by the day.
Please call 280 Harriet St., between Har-
rison and Bryant. ¦ . - -
KKFINED young woman wishes situation as
housekeeper, small family, or tend children.
Address 2512 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes general houae-
work; small wash; city .or country. 612A
Octavla St., near McAllister. '
DRESSMAKER, first-class references; street
and evening gowns; by the day. Box 4727,
Call offlce. ¦
A YOUNG girl wishes a . plaoe to do light
housework and to care for baby. Box 4877,
Call office. ' ' ' - '
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 50; dresses altered; perfect
fit guaranteed. Box 4440, CalL:
COMPETENT Swedish 1 ' woman wishes a situa-
tion; housework and cooking; wages $25.
551^ Minna at., near Seventh. - '
A JEWISH girl wishes position as cook In
Jewish family. Call 228 Seventh st. ¦
GERMAN lady wants position as housekeeper.
Box 4442. Call offlce. ¦
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, now with
large wholesale house, five years' expert-
¦ ence. desires to change position. Address
M. S.. box 4724. Call. '
COOK and second girl would like to work to-
gether in a family: city or country.- Addre-s
916 Grove St., Oakland. _______
A COMPETENT woman wishes position to do
general housework in small family; wages '
$20. 0 Rose ave., near Market st.
A SWISS girl wishes situation as chamber-
. maid and seamstress In private family or
care of child. . 306 Montgomery ave.
ARTISTIC "dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 50: dresses altered; perfect
' fit guaranteed. ' Box 3797, Call office.
DRESSMAKER would . like a steady position
. in private family; first-class in every partic-
ular. Box 4629. Call offlce. .
YOUNG lady would like a position at second
work; good .'references. Address box 4696,
Call offlce. ••.¦¦-.-•.,.-•
RELIABLE woman . would like few families',
washing, chamber work or cleaninx by day.
4SS Geary; uhone Brown 32. .
EXPERIENCED nurse will engage by week or '
month to - care ' for Infant at its own home. |
Call 1441 Sacramento at.; city.
YOUNG, healthy, wetnurse would like to
nurse an Infant;. best of references. Address ]
• rMRS.A.M.. box 4695.. Call.
SITUATION wanted as a talloress. ' 275 Church
street. "•;..: ¦ ¦ }¦" 1 . . ¦
VAN .' NESS. " 1407 — Po-ltion as caretaker of
rooming-house , by : a widow. ' •*•'¦¦.-'.
SITUATION wanted ; as cook or light houae-
r work;: across bay preferred. 1100 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper." young lady, de-
; sires position; $40.' Box .4638, Call offlce. ;
WANTED— Position \ a* ' cashier . in restaurant:
V best. of ; references.' : Box 4719. Call.
GIRL wants work in candy store." Box 4020.
. Call office.' - 3)£* i *_!>35
COMPETENT stenographer desires position In
law firm. Box 3627. Call offlce.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home. An-
swer box 3700, Call offlce. ¦
WETNURSE wants place; references. MRS.
V B.. 1405B Pacific at. , . _-¦¦ r . ¦¦..-.
HONEST Japanese girl wants a situation; plain
> < cooking i and ¦ light - housework. : K. . A., . ISCKi
: Stockton at.- . . .-*".'.' < .'.- ;-..
JAPANESE, woman Vwlahes position to do gen-
: eral . housework : and : plain cooking In " small
> family;! $5 or $6 a week. 1225 Fulton st. :
JAPANESE girl wants position; general house.
>• work and helping to cook' In a small family.
.VN.^H.; 292, O'Farrell st.": •
JA PANESE ' woman wants position as . general
_.ihelper. .:.; 1336 California St. .,.- .:
JAPANESE.' first-class family laundress, wants
; Job. - Tl-NOGUCHI. 3500 Twenty-third .at .
ADVERTISEMENTS.! aubacrlptlona received at
if Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WA HT ¦ ads and »u bscriptions .taken for ; The |
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister et.
E MP-iOYM—Jirr WA-tTSP — B& AIiS.
A NORWEGIAN, age 34, sober, reliable and
well recommended, desires a I** 11 . 10 " "5
tally clerk, watchman, or any Pf 1 """ °1
trust: has experience In lumber t r f de _ a , n ,°
shipping, and Is a all-around handy man.
"a steady position preferred: 6 years In last
place. Box 4444, Call offlce. . m
A A— A FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger."
tlntcr and grainer desires work by the day or
Job; first-class work guaranteed: good worn
very reasonably done. Address HM Devisa-
dero st. .
A A— A COACHMAN wishes a position
stands gardening, milking; handy with tool*.
good horseman and driver; best of references.
Box 44«3. Call. >
A NEAT, willing German, handy in mort
anything, good driver, knows city we ».
wants immediate employment at living
wages. Box 4441, Call offlce. _
A GARDNER, competent man in all branches,
young and energetic, wishes position in pri-
vate plac* or otherwise. Box 2202. Call
branch office. 221 ) Fillmore st.
GROCERY and bar clerk wants position; 10
yeare' experience. Address F. E. M.. 067B
Howard st.
POSITION by man and wife to do Janitor
work in offlce building, store or lodgerooms;
references If required. Box 4417. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted— Estimator, draughtsman:
practical mill man: well up and experienced.
Address box 4453. Call.
RELIABLE man. thoroughly experienced In
wine and liquor business, cellar and store,
wishes . position. H. ENOEL. 887 Turk st.
WANTED — A situation as cook; Is also a good
baker. 14% Bernard at., oft Taylor.
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman; references. I. B., 758 Folsom st.
STRONO young man. 29 years of age, and
wife, with 2-year-old boy would like steady
employment; man Is good all-round farmer;
wife will do cooking and housework. Ad-
dress A. HURYCH. 10% Moss St.. between
Sixth and Seventh.
A YOUNG man wants situation as grocery
man or grocery and tend bar: 8 years' expe-
rience; wages no object. Address box 4433,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man with 10 years* experience In
hardware business desires position; can give
unquestionable reference and recommendation.
Box 4623, C-ll office.
"COLORED TRIO," piano, mandolin and cello;
first-class music furnished for dancing or
entertainments. Address 015 Seventh at.,
Oakland.
BAY, I'm your roan If you want a sober, in-
dustrious, middle-aged, married man as
watchman, choreman or man to carry sign.
Box 4609. Call offlce.
MANAGER, salesman and clerk wishes steady
position; best of references and experience;
also ' well acquainted In ctty and can draw
trade. Box 3901. Call offlce.
MEDICAL student (trained nurse) will ex-
change services for board and room. Box
4057, Call, office.
WANTED— Position by man and wife; cooks;
- thoroughly competent; hotel, camp or board-
Ing house. ' Box 4621. Call office. ,
BARTENDER wishes to get more experience
in first-class bar; wages no object; good city
references. Bex 3775, Call offlce.
WELL acquainted business man desires a po-
sition as salesman, manager and collector
with a responsible house. Box 4040. CalL
DISHWA8HER wants work, large restaurant
kitchen. Box 402S. Call.
WANTED— A position . as a barkeeper. Box
-4811, Call offlce.
COLLECTOR, best of references, wants posi-
tion. Box 4590. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man as collector
or assistant bookkeeper. Box 3337, Call.
WANTED — Situation as foreman oa ranch.
Box 4038. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS waiter wants a situation In
hotel or restaurant. Box 3601, Call office.
CARPENTER wants work by day; understands
plans. Address box 3725. Call office...
JAPANESE, young boy. wants a position to do
housework or make beds; has good experi-
ence SUGUKI, 511 Bush St.; phone Black
.- 50341 . . . '¦
AN honest Japanese, flrst-clasj cook, wants
position in family; experience. 10 years;
wages $3 week; has references. HARRY.
1 Central place.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation In ¦
nice family: waits at table. HARRY
KAGAWA. 316 Kearny St.
JAPANESE man and wife wish positions for
house or garden work In city or country;
references. 521 Jessie st. *
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school-
boy. ITO. Japanese Mission, -1304 Post st.;
phone Sutter 4132. '
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy or housework. S. FAQAYA. 1308 Polk
st.: tel. Larkln 482. ¦•¦--,,-
JAPANESE cook and wife want positions;,
wife to do waiting on table. MIRIKITANL
465 Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy, honest and gentle, wishes po-
sition as a schoolboy or cook. D. SADA.
804 Stockton st.
GOOD faithful Japanese - couple want house-
work and cooking: wages expected. $4O; board
themselves. Box 7269. Call offlce.
A JAPANESE wants to wash dishes every
night. GUI. 1410 Pine st., San Francisco;
' phone Hyde 171.
JAPANESE hones* boy. wants a situation as
a schoolboy. WILLIAM NAITO. 512 Bush.
A JAPVNESE. experienced cook, wants post-
tlon; housework. G. Y.. 20 Lewis plaoe.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants place In
private family. OY ENI GOCK. 1112 Stock-
ton st. " ; ¦
A CHINESE cook would like a position in a
first-class hotel.' 1110 Stockton st.
A GOOD Chinese cook wants position. Address
JIM. 717 Commercial st.
ESOHAHQE.
WILL do painttng or papering for shotgun.
W. E. PARKER. 1425 Willow st.. Alameda.
FLATS TO I.ET.
X HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
- service- absolutely free; take- advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cbrdes Furniture Co.. 245-B9 Geary
St., on the square.
1 ¦¦
CHEAP rent — Great bargain; new B-room flat
for rent. $23 per month; sun all day; new
furnishings for sale. Purchaser has advan-
tage of $150 paid by present tenant. Apply
Sterling Furniture Co.. 1039 Market st.
VAN NESS ave.. 2527-29. nr. Union St. — 2
modern upper flats; 8 r. and b. each; marine
view; rents reasonable. "
PIERCE,. 2033 — Very reasonable to reliable
party only; elegant up-to-date 6-room flat:
abundance of light; . Investigate this.
CASTRO. 673, near Twentieth — Sunny flat; 8
rooms, stable, basement; rent reasonable.
NEW modern upper flat; 5 rooms and bath;
rent $22 50. 3325 24th st.. near Church.
|lj) — FLAT . 6 sunny rooms and bath. 2367
Twenty-fourth st. ¦
$27 60— NEW Park flat, 6 : sunny rooms, on
car line. 223 Parnawua av«.. near Stanyan.
$3250— ELEGANT, sunny, new 6-room flat. 1
bloc-: north of Market. 165 Noe St.. nr. 13-3.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
• on LYON A HOAO. 110 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 0 etatm — The "Weekly Call.
_ 16 rages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
rxj-TS roa 8AXS-— rpg^raroep. -
$500— A SUNNY' well-furnished- corner flat;
9 rooms; cost $750; rent $45; good income
above. rent. 624 Taylor St.. corner Sutter;
Call 3 to 5 p. m. ,
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale; top 'flat:
r gas; rent reasonable. 544 - Jessie st. : - - ¦
FOUR- ROOM ' flat; $75. 217 Tehama at,
MIDDLE/ flat, 6 rooms and " bath; furniture
- and carpets nearly new. 630 Polk, afternoons.
ELLIS." 927— Bargain; 0-room flat, furnishej
• - comrlete: $1S5 if sold "at once.
- ¦ PLATS TO - -UET-— ¦_r~n-J~{S--~aD.' v -
FURNISHED flat; bay-windows; garden; bath;
- gas range; : laundry. 434 \ Bartlett «t., 2
~ to;5'r<, T m. .-'- - -. ' ..
, - / rTTSITITUBE rOB HAI..;. -¦--
HENRY; MAYER J pays highest .prices for fur-'
'- niture, carpets, etc 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 813
. rn>A»cm v
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of income buaines- pr— »•
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest.
. Send for ProspectiM.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (INC.)
1172 Broadway. (f>r. 14th St..
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4. 600.000 no
Surplus 940.901 M
Issues
Six ;>*r cent
Investment Certificates
At rar.
Office — No. 14 Pansome street.
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate cer-
tificates MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-109 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sold; strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. B22 Croasley bdg.
! rXX_miTUK3S WAaittD.
ABE LEVT.
Salesroom 1. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jesete 7O.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc.. -ntil you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture thaa
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1638 Market: phcne Jessie 2330.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission s_. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red *4«X
I HELP WAirna— rjEMALB. '
COOK for hotclTsi>-*taTrr I $4(»
2 cooks, city *%*
Laundress for institution J^O
Housework girl. Row Valley $3to
Second butler f*»
German girl for bakery f-»
2 second grl» » •••¦"IS?
Chambermaid and waitress, country »*5
German second girl and nurse «»-5
First-class dressmaker, also waist finishers.
Los Angeles jjj»
Nurse for home, city ;*J»
¦ Seamstress for an orphanage $ZW
44 general housework girls, city and coun-
try $2O-$23~$3O
Apply to J. F. CROSETT. 334 Sutter at.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresaing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three position- to fill immediately; position*
guaranteed at $10 per week up: leading
school In West. 233 Geary st., room IX
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seamons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions tn be Riled im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halnJre sslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.: atx hours*
practice a day; guarantee positions: only
recorntned college of Its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices.* 133 Powell st.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced jacket al-
teration hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a. n».
at HALE BP.OS.'
WANTED — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0
and 11 a. ro. at HALE BROS.'
OPERATORS — First. class operators on coats,
etc. CLABROUGH. GOLCHER A CO.. 24.
Second st.
YOUNG girl for light housework: 2 In family;
$15; apply between 0 and 10. Hotel Roanoke.
808 Bush st.. room 16.
WANTED— Every girl In town to taka
CHICLETS to the next picnic.
GIRL or young woman for cooking- and light
•- housework: small family. 1701 McAUlister st.
STEADY girl to assist in bakery. Corner
Union and Mason sts.
EXPERIENCED sewing machina operator* on
overalls, coats and Jumpers: steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 32& Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
LADIES, we will teach barber trade free to 4
more ladles and pay them $10 each for first S
weeks; call or write. JSO. A. MOLER'3
Barber College (correct number). «4-» Clay st.
WANTED — Ladles to learn barber trade; only
1 weeks required; halrdresslng and manleur-
Ihg taught In four weeks. MOL.ER BAR-
BER COLLEGE. 649 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Ladies to do piece work at home;
steady emploxment; good pay: experience un-
necessary. Call Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927
Market at., room 401.
EXPERIENCED neckwear maker wanted.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALO
BRO9."
GIRL to assist In housework • must be good
cook; wagea $20. 3824 Arm/ st. -
A CULTURED woman for hlgh-claas position;
training given. Box 3800. Call.
HEIJ VATma — -*r a ?-—
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU, """**"
806 Market st.. room 323, fifth jjoor.
Offlce hours, 1) a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $23 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug, clerk $12 week
Checker $15 week
Timekeepers SIS week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $u week
2 shipping clerks |I3 weelc
General of flee work '..... $13 week
Bank clerk, bond required $25 week
Young' man. learn dentistry jjo week
806 Market st.. room 32S. fifth floor.
" AT IIORD A SMITH'S. ~ ~~""
Contractors" Agents. 95 Third at.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS^
BIG COMPANY.
Fare Tald Both Ways.
House Carpenters. House Oarpenter_,
Bridge carpenters, $3 23; big company: nea9
city.
Solicitor, nerve medicine, $1 day and 10 per
cent.
Tea and coffee solicitor, 30 per cent commis-
sion.
Amador County — Teamsters, $2.
Nevada — Laborers and teamsters. $2 60.
AT INDEPENDENT EMP. OFFICE. " -
Phono James 5576. 612 Merchant at.
Wanted — First-class plumber. $4 per day o< S
hours; steady Job to good man.
First-cla:-9 paper hanger and painter; wasea
$3 50. 8 hours: steady Job.
2 carpenters. $3 50. 8 hours; long Job.
10 teamsters for country, wages 92.
4 teamsters, near city, wagea $2 25.
15 painters, $3 50; long lob.
1 good harness cleaner. $60.
YOUNG man for milk depot; mill yardman
and shipping clerk. $50 and found: 2 section
men. lumber railroad. $4O and $50 and board:
Jackscrewer. $45 and board; swamper. $tn
and board: chopper for mine, $2 50 day;
farmers. *30 and found; milker and wife. $50
and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT £3
CO V 628 Sacramento st.
A— AMERICAN 7 EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 Commercial st. Phone Bush 833.
3 carpenters, company Job. plain work * 3
farmers. $30 and found: 15 teamsters. $2 50*
15 laborers. $2 50. to NEVADA.
BOY 16 years old; must be strong and of good
appearance. S. N. WOOD A CO.. 74O Mar-
ket st. .
BARBER — From Saturday noon and Sunday
at 53- Vj Third st. .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
- 103 Second st.
BARBER wanted. 624 Pacific st,
BARBER wanted. 10SO Howard st.
COATMAKER'aod pants and vest maker, for
country. REISS BROS, A CO., 24 Sutter st.
WA £TEI>—Every chMffemTTo chew~CHlC-
MESSENGER boy about 11 In offlce. Apply
room 4, 320 California st. -*ppiy
LARGE, neat cashboys wanted.. Apply super-
intendent's offlce. the Emporium. » u p^
EXPERIENCED. cutter wanted. Apply at Ul»
National TallorV. 124 California st.
ENERGETIC^ reliable men as" city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth^tt.
WANTED— Young man for porter- $20 per
-month. 13^ Powell «t. . . .' " *^
WANTBI>r-Can1«ge trimmer; . also _or t.
. learn the trade, 713 Folsom «.
IiOPOI-TG-HOTTSES TOB SAI.E.
MARION GRIFFIN."
40C Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market Bts. Tel. Black 3607."
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
SPECIAL.
DEATH OF OWNER causes QUICK SALE
of an extra well furnished 30-room
bouse, 4 blocks north of Market; clears $f4S
monthly; lease, if you want it:
RUNNING WATER
IN EVERY ROOM.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SALARY of $3 per day . ''
GUARANTEED and you stay at home;
rent $55; roomers are mechanics;
HOUSE ALWAYS FULL; 30 rooms;
price was $2600; reduced to $1800
on account of sickness.
EASY TERMS. MARION GRIFFIN.
ELECTION SNAPS.
THESE MUST BE SOLD
BEFORE ELECT ION DAY:
20 rooms; rent $40, $550
14. rooms; rent $50; Sutter-st. snap. *
83 rooms; reputable; clears $138 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 48 rooms.
Near Cutter and Hyde eta.
Rent only $150. . '
Inoorr.e $175 monthly . OVER EXPENSEr
EASY TERMS. NO CARDS.
MARION GRIFFIN. ; ; -'i',:";
v , GILT-EDGED.
20 . rooms splendidly furnished
' ONLY ONE SHORT YEAR AGO;
full of permanent roomers; 8 years' lease;
owing to dangerous sickness,
owner will sell for half of the cost;
$1000 Is all the cash you need.
¦' MARION GRIFFIN.
WE RECOMMEND
A NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSB
of 22 rooms en Post st. ; rent $00;
Income $164; full of select roomers;
extra sunny and extra well located:
price $1650; % cash and
LITTLE MONTHLY. PAYMENTS.
MARION GRIFFIN.
OVER $400 MONTHLY PROFIT.
It's a HIGH-CLASS BUSINESS;
roomers must give ACCEPTABLE REFER-
ENCES; no vacancies: furnishings new and
beautiful; RENT only $5 per room; long
lease; we show youfthi bills »n_'DISCOUNT
. ¦ •¦' — ____^ ,^»- i.
them $2500; 85 rooms with electric
lights, electric .elevator and all other
modern conveniences.
',"' Exclusively with
MARION GRIFFIN. -
K EAR Post and Taylor: f 16 large sunny
outside room: ' rent . $75.
price $1200; was $1850: some one
will get a bargain; better investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN.
WORKT None for landlady
in this 14 -room, extra sunny house;
rent $50; sumty . corner: . profit $50;
price $1000; Vi down; 111 health .
causes owner to sacrifice.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Suite 406. "Examiner" building.
A— CAMERON A CO.. ' Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.:
18C rooms; grand, new, . modern aportment-
hrn\s<>; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month; close in; full of nice people;
bargain if taken at once; dissolution of
partnership. <
9-room fiat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
€0 rootns: new, modern - building; elegantly
furnished; close In; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity-
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; . sick-
ness.
7-room modern flat;, close In; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down-
town location: 2 entrances; everything in
ftrst-clasfc condition; good . furniture and car-
pets: clearing now $200 per month; If run
: transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best proposition In city.
24 rooms; rent $143; new and elegantly, fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposi-
tion : good lease.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease f first-class
up-to-date downtown house;' well furnished)
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account oC other business; only with us.
21 roo:os; cheap rent; very central; 'good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per. month;
must leave^ city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house in
city; clearing, now ,$300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition: will . trade . for
Oakland.' Alameda' or Berkeley, property or
ranch in California; must. leave city..
16 rooms; rent' $66; good furniture and car-
pets; always lull; must 'cell within next ten
days; leaving ctty; makt offer.
80 rooms; ..newly furnished throughout; flve-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making house; part down, balance ' reas-
onable Interest.
,108. rooms: rent only; $5 60 per . room ;'¦ long
lease; up-to-date. , downtown, . modern house;
electric lights, bell and, elevator;; all. light
. rooms; well furnished, throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clear-
Ing $360 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged
to leave for Europe to settle an estate;. make
offer; exclusively with us.
45 rooms, rent only. $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per.: month: always full: \
best buy In city; account 'of sickness; prico
$4500. ; ____-' : ¦'• '¦ '
Have new, raodern 82-room ' house ; ; rent ' $375 ;
electric lights, ¦ elevator. . corner: ' everything
up to date: '" owner ; will ; exchange 'for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose;' value
$7000 to $10,000. • • _9ER_i ;
Model apartment- house, • 2 'and ¦ 3 • rooms 'each;
¦ rent' is cheap: 'elegantly • furnished; -16-year
lease : ¦ there , are 00 i rooms : < everything ".new
and- modern; you can «:et bargain- account .
of sickness. "
34 rooms'.i cheap rent;* thoroughly '.renovated;
all in fine shape; fine. little apartment-house;
. clears $160; reduced to $2800.;
Large list of real ¦ estate. * rooming houses .' and
business for exchange or trade always - on
hand. ..-. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
hotels:. :¦ ¦' r ..- "¦ •¦-. ¦¦...-.¦- ,¦¦----:: -,-j.
LIST of great bargains; r from 7- to 200 rooms;
cheap rente. To' exchange "for i a : ; lodging-
. ' : house. 377 acres land. In 'Santa Clara County,'
.¦¦'alsw 2 Oakland. lotB'.V'KOod-paylng'Vcountry,
1 hotel* • and-' roadhouses.'M Money.: loaned V on
' furniture. EITEL!& CARROLL, 212 Kearny.'.
SIXTH, : SOU — 12 . rooms;-; rent W0; " great ' sacri-
fice; must, sell. -Call 12 to. 7.
mrsiirESS CHANCES-^-Contlnaca. ;
RESTAURANT and cafe close to Market and
Powell bts.; lease; place elegantly fitted. up
and doing a large business; best- class of
patronage; owner engaged In- other busi-
n<-*s: must sacrifice. See . R. G. WILKE,
IViVs Kearny st.'. -.- — •¦ •',. ¦
A — $CCO: ROADHOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
rent $20: 5 years' lease; very best location;
on Kan Mateo read. See R. G. WILKE, 26Vi
Kearny st.
A— $2450: CORNER grocery and bar: 5 years 1
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash bu?i-
ncss: location can't be beat: value in eight.
See R. G. WILKE, 20'4 Kea-rny st.
A— fuSOO; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $12T«; lease; stock will in-
voice about J1200; a good paying place; In-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A— J2C00; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see K, G.
WILKE. 26 Vi Kearr.y st.
A— $1K5O; BRANCH bakery, candy" and dairy
prc-uee More: 1 block frcm Palace Hotel;
daily receipt, from $30 up; horse, wagon;
place clearing $200 per month. See R. G.
WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
A— $300— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G. j
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A — $1NJO — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on 1
account of death; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 2S years as a rood reliable
house. R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
A— $1600; CORNER cigar stand on Ellis st.;
lease; a good paying place: location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N. Y.; a sacri-
flce. See R, G. WILKE. 2G"- Kearny st.
A— $6500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1600; rent $00; no nicer fitted
up place this kind In the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and - coffee saloon:
corner; rent $30; best location; business pay-
lcg well. R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st,
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market et.; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
In eight. See R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blockj ]
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st. j
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26tt
Kearny st. • •
A— $5000; roadboum and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000; one of the
best business propertle*; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. W T ILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: lease;
with first-claas paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busl-
negs.^ See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds. M> boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; cloie to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery: 4 nice living rooms: rent $25;
daiy receipts about $20; best location north of
Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $C0: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about J2X0O; a weU established and
first-class paying business. See R. G. -
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phcne South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — First-class bazaar; located in thriv-
ing location, city: fine plateglaas windows;
store fixtures, large stock; long lease; cheap,
rent; doing good business clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; tlck-
ness; snap; price $3500.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble;' best coast city In California; 50 stalls:
rent only $75 per month; well stocked witn
horsea, buggies, hacks and coupes: long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy rt. *
FOR sale— Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located- cheap rent; doing good
business; 3 lK-lng rooms; stock will invoice
more than price asked: sickness; price $loOO.
CAMERON A CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real es-
tate, rooming-houses and business chances.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy Et. .
FOR sale— One of -the best hay, grain, feed,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses In
S. F.; cheap rent: horses and wagons. aU
egulpcsents; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S0O per month: trial given if
desired; part down. CAMERON A CO.
FOR mle — Fine little 3- room cottage and barn*
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggry; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
- pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St. ¦<
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry, ice-
cr-am manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON A
CO.. i Eddy at. '
10% NET INCOME, PAYABLE MONTHLY IN
ADVANCE !
Strictly modern two-story building on
northeast corner. one block from San
Pablo ave. and few minutes to City Hall; a
gold bond inventment; $13,000: can borrow
about $bGOO; title guaranteed.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB,
314 San Pablo ave., Oakland, Cal.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us: we may
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell. -
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St..
Rooms, 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$300 — PARTNER: must be honest, sober, re-
liable. See BERG A POPP, 818 Kearny st.'
$650 TO $10.000 — Saloons that will stand Inves-
tigation. - St* BEKO A POPP, 318 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT. al»o delicatessen stores, at
bargains. See BERG A POPP, 818 Kearny.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Elllcott square.
Buffalo.
BEST opportunity for a small Investment In
Oakland: lust the thing for a good live man.
Call 'or write R. P. McDOLE. 141 Oakland
ave.. Oakland.
$1000 — CIGAR *tand: near theater; best loca-
tion north Market; JCOO stock, cash register,
machines; big trade; long- lease.. 1007% Mkt.
$000— RESTAURANT; great bargain; flue loca-
tion; good business; party going- East: also
list of saloons. Eltel A Carroll, 212 Ktarny.
PARTNER in first-class saloon. Inquire sTeBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. Sacramento and
Sansome sts.
COALYARD for sale; investigate; fine location;
I doing a good business; owner leaying city.
Address box 1494. Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — Three men. with $1500 each;, cut,
grind, extract and market Unbark; selling $10
cord: can make $20,000 yearly. Box 4418, Call.
$75 — BARBER shop; good location and furni-
ture. 101 Fremcnt St., near Mission. ¦<
SALOON licenses for sale at Washington
Brewery. '
FOR sa!e — $2000, livery stable; across bay; good
Btand. 212 Eddy St., downstairs.
OYSTER grotto and chophouse -in business
street for $S00; rent cheap. Box 40C5, : Call.
GROCERY and saloon; 045 Valencia, cor.; good
business; telling account | of other business.
CIGAR stand; good stock. Inquire 125 Third
tt. »r:iYi'iWtSmjSli£MMgb
PARTNER wanted in milk business: $150 per
month each. Address, box 4630, Call offlce.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recipe
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until. 11 p. m. ,.¦...
CLOTHT5Q BEWOVATIB-Q. t
SUITS cleaned -and ¦ pressed. $1; scourins ¦ and
dyeing. Bon Marche.' Examiner bldg.. r. 417):
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OPPICES. »>'¦ ;'
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections m_de;
city or country. <¦ Pacific . Collection ¦ Co.: ; 4l5
. Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 55S0.
THBjg'CAIiL
SOUS i P.*> SPBECKEl-S . ; iy. rroprletor
Address Communications to •
JOHN »«5^^J131i^jl^JJJ^1^^
\V. J. MAKTIX Business Managyr
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The (prater Will Con-
nect You Wit- the Department \ou Wish.
P-bIJcatlr« Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms -17 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per Week, 75
C:s. P»r Month. Ringl* Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mall, Inducing Postage (Cash With
Order):
1-AILY CALL <lnclud. Sunday), 1 year. ..fS.OO
IHILY CALL Onclud. funday>, 6 mos... 4.00
I'AILT CAI-L— By Pintle Month Tae
hJVVDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.60
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear 100
-„__-.. r Daily... $S.SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. 1.00 Per Year Extra
>LL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sera pie- Ccsles will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Ms_l s-becribers in ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
cuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Teierhone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21 48 Cccter Street ..Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
eA-TCEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astcria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
T'nJon Pquar*: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NETVS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hctel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctcl; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS, Marquette Building.
rLong Wstance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NX— T YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
XTTK YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the. year. ' ... » .
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOC* Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
M7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:3t» p. m.
S'.O Hayes street; open until »:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street-, open until 9:30 p. m.
F.ir. I^arkin street: open until !»:30 p. m.
I'.Ml MiFsi'^n street; open until 10 t>. m.
1Ort KI.-ver.th etreet: ojien until 9 p. m.
1C5MJ Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until » p. m.
22t»O Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHTTBCH SEBVICEB.
FIRST L'r.ited Presbyterian Church, corner
Ooldcn Gate ave. and Pr.'.k st. — Preaching
to-morrow (Sabbath), at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. by the pataor. Rev. EL EL Bell. D.D.
Morning theme, "Sacramental Meditations";
evening theme. "Jerusalem and ' Its En-
virons." ninth iwture on oriental trip. Sab-
hath school, »:45 a. m.; C. E. societies at
5:30 and «;:30 p. — .. strangers cordially in-
vited to all service*. Pews free. Courteous
ushers. Come and bring your friends. Music
by a cood male quartet.
MErTCTQ IfOTIOXS.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and _.
A M. — Called meeting THIS «SAT- JVf
IRUAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. M\
First degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
CROCKETT l»dge No. 139. F. and A. _
M. — First degree THIS <SATUR- > V%f
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. />f\
nj- order of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge. No. 1<». F. and A. &
M.— Special meeting THIS (SATUR- Vy
DAT) EVENING ar7:3O o'clock. Sec-
ond degree. R, E. ALLAN. Sec.
THE Craftsmen's Club will meet THIS B
(SATURDAY) EVENING in St. XX
John's Hall. Masonic Temple, at 8 fv>
p. m. All Master Mssons are cor-
dially invited. ROD G. GUYETT. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from J. McGrath. in Red Rock mine,
at Howland Flat. Sierra County. Cal.. drain-
in.: into Slate Creek, which reaches Tuba
River, and from Douglas S. Cone and
Charles L. Reynold*. In Smith's Blue Gravel
mine, near Ono. Shasta County. Cal.. drain-
Ing into Jerusalem Creek, which reaches
SRcramento IUver. gives notice that a meet-
ing to receive any protests will be held at
room V>6. Flood building. San Francisco,
Cal., Nov. 21. 1004. at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
t Tfi r*ges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGEHTS^WAITTE^
FIRST-CLASS agents uanfd; can make from
S25 to $50 a day. Room 212. Parrott bldg..
otflce. hours 9 to 5 p. m.
INTELLIGENT l*<5y agents. Physiological So-
ciety, 1095 Market et.. room 7W. 2 to 5.
LADY agents wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's Suppositories. 1312 Market st.. r. 316
ATTORy_rrS-AT-I.AW.
A FRAUDULENT _l\-orc« Is dear at S12 and
is co good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick; quiet; no money ne«ded;
00 pay unices divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market sL
CONSULTATION free, private and confidential ;
no advance fees; burines* promptly and le-
gally transacted: collections, mechanics*
liene. tenants ejected; probate; loans on real
estate: safe. i«ound investments at highest
rate of 'merest. W.MATTHEWS. 632 Market
R. W. KING. Attorney -«tt-I_uw, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor: entrance room 611; ertablished 28
year-e: ail court?, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3801.
AA~Divorce; cost* $12,quick.qulet:advlce free;
all law business: no charge unless success-
ful ; open evenings. 1)27 Market St., room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce oo*ts $12; no fees or
coats !n advance; all law burlness; office
open Satarflay evenings. 818 Market sL,r.33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, quiet;
all law busineFi; no charge unless ruccess-
ful: open evenings. 927 Market, room 204
L. S. CLARK, 927 Ma-ket. room 304: consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call,
•« pares. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year
A_n~H^A CURE .
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly
10c. 25c. 50c. 1<JO2 Market, Et. Nlcholas :
also Wlthart. ICth and Washington. Oakland.
__• balm or nos.
rOSmVELY cures all diseases of women-
tumors and cancer; recommended by phy-
«lclai,ii. Local offlce 804 Larkin st.
BUBIWESS^ CHANCES.
CALL route Icr sale; rood route In Alarneda.
Apply to this offlce or call at 1813 Pacific
ave.. Al-meda: take bread gauge train get
off at Grand st. station. Alameda; call be-
fore 12 noon.
A— DELICATESSEN ; wili sell very cheap-
owner leaving city; big profits; ca*h trade'-
part cash, balance easy payments; Write tol
day. Hex 3S9», Call offlce.
NEWSPAPER— Best-equipped newspaper and
Job plant In one of the best towns In South-
ern Callforn:a; most Influential Republican
1 *per in the county. Box 4420, Call offlce.
PARTNER— Detectix-e and collection; estab-
lished business; small capital. 1014 Broad-
way, room 25, Oakland.
PARTNEK wanted in the fumJcure ana uphol-
stering business; capital small. Inquire 1714
Polk et.
J275— ACTIVE man as partner; established'
business; duties easily learned; sure profit of
yss a month to each. C32 Market at., r. 6.
$S<rf>_RESTAURANT. north of Market; close
in; rood buMnees location; fine trade; rent
$22 50; r«ceiptn *35. Box 4401. Call, of flee.
II AIR _res«inar _nd manicuring parlor; b<M>t
location tn citv: no opposition: owner leav-
lr.if. Box 4£». Call offlce.
nOUTE 12. San Frandseo Call, for rale. Ap-
r>1y San Francisco. Call offlce.
A COR. grocery delicatessen, with 2 furn. rms;
rent «13; 3-ycar lease. 1300 Church st.
FREE— BOSTON BRmBREM^THE SAN FRANCISCO vGALU, : ; SATURDAY^ NOVEMBER 5, 1901.
13
HEX-y WASTED — MALE— Con tinned.
. -rPRAT &. READY. 634-63« Clay st
rbeme Main 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
v . f;irsk the German. French, Italian,
- v.-iiavlan. Grefk, Spanish. Slavonian and
.,¦ >h languages.
S We Gave 1904 We Hop* to
.' ...hi Men Work. Increase . 60.000.
¦ , Miners- Free Fare. Coal Miners.
.«ron State. Oregon. State Orecon.
10
rriners for a good mine; big wages.
- -. to-day. Fare Refunded. Ship to-day.
WASHINGTON.
25
-¦ rr-.mers for State of Washington. $3
«." 7^
, iLD AND COPPER MINES. SILVER
VINES. MINE3.
'..i.r.i minera, good quartz mines, $S2 SO.
• ~:r,fT», gold mine, $90.
CONCENTRATOR MAN.
I'or.crctretor man. good gold mine, $75.
V. B.
GOVERNMENT WORK,
NEVADA. 6TATB NEVADA.
ft FEE. SHIP TO-DAY. $1 FEE.
:¦• trarnsters, 2 and 4 horses, $75.
20 laborers, no experience needed, $75.
SPECIAL
NEW WORK.
}?• teamsters for new work in center of
nvr.ing district, $C0. fare $1 »0; ship to-night
MURRAY Sc HEADY, 634-638 Clay st
MISCELLANEOUS.
MECHANICAL.
S hardwood carpenters, $3 75 day; 4 carpen-
ters. $3 60 day; blacksmith, country, $60 and
found; 3 bench hands, f90; machine hand,
...:.::£ mill, $3 SO.
HOTEL HELP.
t> cocks: 4 waiters; 7 kitchen bands and
dishwashers; butchers; bakers.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
27 farm fcanfis; 6 milkers ; 9 choraneti; 7
choreboys. city and country.
6 stablemen.
FOR A BIO RANCH.
10 teamsters, rood ranch, all winter's
job. $40 and found.
SPECIALS.
Haraesszoaker. ranch, fare $1 30, $40 and
found; carpenter, finisher, city, $4- day;
tailor, country shop; 4 young men,- factory,
city; bookkeeper and stenographer, country;
butcher, country shop; camp cook, 20 men,
tear city. $U5 and found; working foreman,
ranch, south, $25 to $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st
SPECIAL— NEW WORK.
FOREMEX.
. Foreman, carpecter. to run gang of 15 men
on concrete form work, see boss here.
2 concrete foremen, good wares.
See boss here.
WALKING BOSS.
Walklnr boss for construction ranr, $65 fd.
THESE ARE GOOD.
Assistant nurse, country Institution. $30 fd.
Ward master, country place, $30 found.
3 carpenters, Santa Crux Co., rood lobe,
*3 U> day.
PL ANERM AN. »'- - ; I
Planerman, country planing mill, see bos*
here. $75. --,*'¦:>
3 experienced foundry helpers, city Job.
Waiter, minlsr camp $25 and found.
MINERS.
4 miners. rold mine, Nevada, 8 hours,
f 3 r.n to $4.
2 m!ner». run tunnel, fare 25c, $2 50 day.
Carpenter ranch, fare Si. $40 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay rt.
WANTED — Manager crockery and house fur-
nishing goods by department store in North-
ern California; we want an active man, one
who can push a department and who has
executive ability; address In own handwrit-
ing and r>ve full particulars; applications
treated la ccufidence. Apply box 4452, CalL
V ANTED — Managtr stationery and Jewelry de-
partment by a department etore In Northern
c. ;,:.:-r.-'a ; we want an active man, one who
<ran push a department and has executive
ability; address m own handwriting and give
full particulars; applications treated In con-
fidence. Apply box 4451, Call office.
HEN- The orielr.al JNO. A. MOLER has
opened one of hie famous barber colleges at
644 Cay et; trade 'taught in 6 weeks; tuition
earned while learning: constant practice; ex-
pert instruction*; positions guaranteed. Call
or write (correct number) <W4 Clay st
1Z.Y.S to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
rt»<juir«d; orJr institution teaching the ton-
n rial art. CaJl-cr jrrite for fr»e «atalogu».
Fpeclal offer. Moler Barber Coll-ge, 649
Sacramento st.
A RETLIABLK porter for flour room; must
have experience in floor milla; no drinking
man; elate ape and give reference. Box
445O. Call office.
WANTED — Men end women to prepare for
Government position*. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldg.. 1093 Market st.
LEARN barter trade at Haight's; he teaches
you free tn shops: only practical method;
wares while learning; den't mix us with fake
barber colleges. 647 Commercial st
WANTED — Lnhorens and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 1O0 new room? to the Denver House,
217 Third rt.; 2S0 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — A strong youns; man about 17 or
IS years old a* «ock clerk: references re-
quired. Address F. It., box 4422. Call office.
TWO good, experienced solicitors, city or coun-
try: new roods; very liberal terms. Apply
room 721 Etarr Klnr bldg.. 121 Geary et
WANTED — First -claw clothing salesman for
an out cf toun store. Address box 4060.
Call efflce, .
TWO or three men to canvaea from our
*apons; Ftrady work and good pay. C. F.
ADAilS CO., 31& Mason St.
WANTED — Schoolboy to carry morning paper
north Market st.. east Powell; no £unday
work. Apply 1225 Mission st
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattress; electric
light in every room. 6S1 Howard st.
B. F. Barber Ccllere. 741 Howard st, wants all
young men to know that it has the finest
equipped school weet of gt. Louis: red. rates.
GET your »hc»s half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 5e3 MiJEion *t. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third Ft., Examiner building.
TRY our men's shoes, unlcn made; $1 and $1 50
peir; foot-form shoes. $2 W); we pay express
chsrres. 11 M et.. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
WANTED — Stork boy for suit department R.
D. DAVIS * CO.
TTANTTD— Errand boy. R. D. DAVIS &. CO.
MAN cr woman to open photo. stu4io; no cap-
ital required. Box 4429. Call office.
WANTED — Good rose grower. 225 Kearny st.
WOOD working machine hand for Pine furni-
ture factory. 2147 Folarmt gt. -
BOT about 1C years, for office work; apply bet.
3 and 3 p. m. Merchants' Exp. Co., 15 Spear.
BAP.BER shop for sale. 1934 Market st; at a
•aerlfiee; EUrt be sold. :
BARBER «hcp for sale on Market st: good
ehoD. Apply Call office. "
T\VO young men. learn the barber trade in
*bop fr*e. 761 Mts*loa «t ____
MUSICIANS to join military band. 32S Bush
et.. third floor, room 4.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try srenw. ff>a4y positions. 247 Fifth st
MKN to Jesrn the detective . profession. 997
Market m... room 104.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
tne world at HERMAN'S. 20 Stenart t
MEN wanted at 137 3d ti., where ehoes are re-
paired by machlrery; sewed sole* 10 min., 75c
HAILOP.S ana young men fgreen hands) for j
thips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson «t |
LABOR debu collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montiry.. r.41&.
PENSION atty. E.A.Bullls. r. 40. Pbelan bldg.
J **t Cf m. Gin. H. Thomas Poet. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket _700 room*; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and ba*gaRe.*o and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church. ;
A~BRA!CCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth. ,
Open until 11 p. a. -
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. gg» Mission «t. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOtTBEH TOJLET^
A — PRINTED list of housec to let; send for dr-
eular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO IiET — PUBJTIggEP.
I.TOS, 120— « room", bath.- piano, furnace: fur-
nished or unfurnished. Apply SO4 Stelner
1. 10 to 1 o'clock. ' "¦ ;¦¦¦-'¦'¦ -- ' ¦¦ '
CLASSIFIED SLdvertieements and subscriptions
-received at Call branch efflce, 2200 Fillmore at.
SEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOS siaT.-si
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. "Z "^
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
AMD
Publishers of S. F. Real Estate Circular,
S MONTGOMERY ST. ,
LOTS IN RICHMOND AND OUTSIDE LANDS
$8500— Pt. Lobos, 240x100; 8 lots. Including
2 corners: easy terms.
$6300— Pt. Lobos ave., 175x100; Terr cheap;
easy terms.
$5800 for 189x375. running toward Point
Lobes ave. ; can be divided Into IS large lota.
I500O— First ave., in best portion. 50x120;
street sewered, bitumlnized. artificial stone
sidewalk; lot level and ready to build on.
$4500— Entire block south of the Park. .
$3500— 26th and A; corner; 125x165.
$.3000— Half a block south of the Park.
$3000— 25th ave.; 4 lots. 26x120 each: level
and on grade: tn the marine view district.
$2900— Corner. 127x250; 11 lots, $263 a lot,
including 27-foot corner. .
$2500— First ave., in good residence section;
25x120; 2 lots; 'street sewered, bitumlnized, ar-
tificial stone sidewalk; lot level and ready
to build on; electric cars close by.
$2100—53x120. oa Pt. Lobos, nr. 21st; easy
terms.
$1700— California, st; 25x100; close to 3 car
lines; roak* offer.
$1400— lStb ave.. near California: 80x120.
$1100— Point Lelc*. north side, not far from
20ta. 25x100.
$1000— Pt. Lobos. nr. Wood st; lot 25x125;
easy terms. •
$000— Pt. Lobos ave.; lots 25x100.
$aOO— 81st ave.; 62 feet front by 120 feet
deep.
$350 each — Just reduced from $900; 4 lot* oa
Point Lobos. near 18th; only $450 cash re-
quired for each lot; an offer Invited on entlx*
piece.
$800— 14th ave., near California: 25x120.
$750— 24th ave.; 60 ft. front; close to Point
Lobo« ave.; street macadamized.
$730 each — 7 lots; Point Lobos. near 24th.
$7C0 each— 13th av«., near California; 2 lota,
25x120 each.
$600— 27th ave.; 53 ft front by 120 ft. deep.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
/ 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
W. J. GUNN.
. 83O GALnrORNTA ST.
Savings Union Building.
$1700— Union; sunny side; 27:8x110: manna
view; a bargain; ready for building.
$1800 for both— 2 lots, 23x120; Eleventh ave.,
east side, near Point Lobos ave.: the>
cheapest lots In Richmond: ready for
building; graded, macadamized and sew-
I ered; a fine buy.
Extra well built residence; sunny-Id* of street;
In Richmond: 5 rooms and basement; In
perfect condition; a pretty home; offered
on account of departure; a bargain can
be obtained: cars pass.
The cream of Pacific Heights building sites in
subdivisions to suit buyers, with a pano-
ramic marine view; ready for bulldlmr:
street work accepted; one of the lots sold
and $50,000 resilience about to be erected;
cajl at office for particulars.
W. J. GUNN,
*, : , S3O CALIFORNIA ST.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEX.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract:
level m a billiard table; on grade; close to
fine school and Misslon-st electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocean Boulevard; best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas.
W J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery "st, r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$TDOO — NEARLY new house; Panhandle dls-
trtct on car line; built for owner by spe-
cial contract; lot and house would cost $350O
to-day: reception hall, parlors and library I
all connecting: breakfast room, servant's
room; 10 in all; finely finished and mod-
ern: must sell.
WM. CRANSTON & CO..
114— Montgomery St— 114.
FOR sale — 3 colonial houses, 6 rooms, bata
and basement; beautifully finished, up to
1 date and sunny: east side of Tenth ave.. near
I st. Sunset Hallett A Gee, on premises.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lc" Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
DOWNTOWN business corner: best in city for
price; cheap; no agents. Box 4459, Call.
MODKRN bathrooms fitted up; estimates.
Ahlbaeh & Mayer. Plumbers. 836 Howard at.
ALAMEDA APVERT'S'M'TS
AIiAKXSA COTTAOES TO IJ2T.
READY for occupancy; a new 8- room cottage;
lot 50x108- terms; make an offer. See owner,
J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BESKELET . K"*r* T - E STATE.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware St.. Berkeley; §
rooms and bath: lot 40x133; new and modern;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to itow prop-
UEALTY BONDS AND FINANCSJ CO. (Lao.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st-,
Oakland.
$150 DOWN. __
To -close out my holding* in Golden Gate and
near Ashby station, on the Key route. I will
sell lots and build small homes on your own
plans for only $150 down.
M. I_ WURTS * CO.. 1323 Broadway, op-
postte Postofflce.
BEBKSLSY STOKES TO^ T*ET.
BAKER'S oven, store. 4 living rooms, stable
for 5 or 6 horses; situated. at Berkeley sta-
tion: rent $32 per month. MORAN &
SWAIN. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND APVERT'S'M'Ta
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAarXAKP K3BA1 ESTATE.
OAKLAND PROPERTY FOR SALE.
$2400— Reduced from $2900; owner and
builder financially embarrassed; must sell;
cottage of 5 rooms, bath; all modern con-
veniences, with 9- foot basement, constructed
so as tu be made into a flat of 5 room.*
more; lot large and sunny; right near Kty
Route station at Fortieth and San Pablo;
only 27 minutes to San Francisco; terms, 350
cash, balance mortgage at low rate of In-
terest Remember, the house is new, mod-"
em- first class. First come first served.
J. S.- MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
S3S5O— REDUCED from $4500 for a quick sale;
house la new; colonial; 7 rooms and bath;
open, plumbing; combination iraa fixtures;
paneled dining room; In fact, a thoroughly
substantial up-to-date handsome residence;
lot 50x125, with a terraced lawn; 80-foot
street; first-class neighborhood, near Tele-
graph avenue and convenient to Key . Rout*
' station; less than 30 minutes to San Fran-
cisco- space too expensive to say more; to
• see it mean* to buy it; terms. $500 cash: bal-
ance, mortgage. ~".
v J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
Four new and all modern Hats, S and 9
rooms; all rented. $36 a month; rery central to
all cars and Broadway; also 2 modern flats; 3
bl-»cks to Broadway and central to heart ot
city; rented $50 month: price $5000. THE AI»-
DEN CO.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland.- ¦ i . .-
$3.00 — SACRIFICED because owner's immedi-
ate departure from city; new 7-room 2-story
colonial house; 2 toilets, bath,' combinatloa
fixtures; lot 50x115; street work. done; tw»
blocks Key route ferry: 30 minutes Saa
Francisco; bank mortgage $2100 can stand;
as speculation biggest , snap in town; sea
owner on premises. 431 Moss ave.. Oakland.
' , ¦ " '
$475O— FINE home :n beautiful Linda Vlst*
Terrace; new, finely finished tn every de-
tail- 9 rooms, etc,: price reduced from
$6000. Owner must sell on account of
. mortffajre. See ¦, •
P..C. I^ASSEN & CO.. 4OT Tenth at.. Oakland.
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7-r. home tn Piedmont;
fine neighborhood: good location;, near car
line; wUl sell cheap: must be M«Bto be .ap-
preciated. Apply to E. . MORRIS. 675 38th- « t
IF tfou want to buy or sell anything in th*
way of real estate come to 422 Eleventh st.
i . > near Broadway, Oakland.
OASLAHD ROOMS TO X.ET.
LARGE sunny clean front room, .with sJcovi,
. closet, grate and bath: 5 minutes'- walk from
.Key route; for respectable gentleman only;
.$8 per month. 570 Thirty- fifth st. Oakland.
o Agz^arPMPUBgxrTOi! jPoajaAxa.
TO-MORROW " the day for bargains .' in furni-
ture. H. ' Schelhaaa. . 11th, st.cor.atore, Oakland
•'¦¦' Continued on Page Fourteen.
MOHXY TO
ON salaries,' Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gage?, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st,
near Market ' " '' ¦ -
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.,722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
. employes: Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. 8.' F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. ' MORRELL. COO Examiner building.
XipE^TjET^mNE^U^R^^
¦ Mussard— Small upright, fine order.
! Fischer — Fine order, t very | reasonable. |
Sterling— Mahogany case; used 1 ..year.
Chlckering — Mahogany case, perfect order. .
Weber — Mahogany case.- 3 pedals, like , new,
from $95 up: easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell it. .
RARE violins for .sale; Francesco Rugger!,
Domlnlcus Montaguana. Sebastian Klots,
Ceasar Gigll. HERMAN MULLER, .violin
maker. 2 Latham place, 8. F.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, . $3
, per month:. one year's rental allowed if pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. B6O Hayes st. ¦
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st. i . ¦'¦,. '
$90 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a. snap.
HORNUNO, 216 McAllister »t. • ¦'¦¦
¦A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st :
SOHMER.- Byron. Mauzy pianos. Ceeellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on: $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 235 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AMD STOBES TO SET.
A- PROSPEROUS store" and living rooms. 1909
• McAllister at., I near . carhouse; suitable for
' restaurant, there, being no such place near
that location; -good chance for man and wife.
: '-•- - . :' - - - - : ! - '": x - 1 .-'. -J^rx ,-¦/
"SUNDAY" . (public) . free.. HEALING for sick
" poor In view of audiences, 2 and 8 p. m. ;
bring alleged : INCURABLE, totally deaf,
paralytics lame; • deaf mutes, etc. READ
Rexradio's •"SUNDAY, AD9," thla column:
,- nlno" "Chronicle." etc. j office hour* 2 to ' 7
' rtaiW. RADIUM. HALL. .783 H . Market and
. 1 . Fourth st. ¦¦ --• .'..'-•-'¦ >i ¦-¦¦¦¦-'
LADIES — If you have' wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tings, bagginess of i eyes or any blemish of
the - face,'; Mme. Glllingham . invites ; you .- to^
* call * and . investigate • her wonderful and ' Im-
r ¦ proved method, ¦ known , to ,no " other In this
*' city; demonstrator -can be seen daily." O3
-;,': Stockton st. ; write ; for booklet " ; . , ¦
THE Star Hair Rejnedy restores gray^ hair, Ira -'t j
,'-. proves its growth.stopsvfalllng.cures dandruff
. '' and -itching scalp; ,.no stain or . stickiness; *
"¦';• cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ; ao-^
: -cept no substitute. Star Remedy. Co.. 1338 Polk.
DR. -- R0WELL*S Fire 'of Life. 'a sure cur« for :
. rheumatism - paralysis, .neuralgia, pneumonia, -
• . sore ¦ throat, - etc. * :• Sold , by , all • druggists for
-.'¦ over 20 years; price 50c.. Manufactured solely
-by.ROWELL A BROWN. 40 Turk st. 8. --F.T
AT less than cost;' uncalled ' for suits/ overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tallor.,721 Marketist ., ¦;-,,;; ..,.,... ,.:..; -; .;
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 - 50 per . week. T. BRILLIANT
-• 'j FURNITURE CO.. 340, Post St.; near, Powell .
FANCY- and ¦>'; 8 uk * dresses T f carefully washed. :
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY. V e»tab. .
, 1899. v 2122 : Flllmorer st;; phone j Geary- 2008.';
GOLDEN I OATE, ' 300, s * corner-^Laundryr' bajp- 1
¦ ¦¦-¦: her. shop, dgaxB, • tobaccos, newspapers, suits
~v cleaned.''- ¦"- ¦;- -•> <-- *'' ¦-. ¦' ¦•.¦¦.->.' :'¦'¦¦ -J7-- . .;:. ;
CHICLETS .are .waiting for you tn all ".the
'.' stores. ?¦;¦ -..•.'-¦ ¦'..":'-'. * '¦¦¦ - t --~ j '-- .-<'"Jl. ¦':¦:¦ ¦
Expert furniture repairing, polishing; upholster-
ing; carp. lay* g. Towey's,37«Fell.PhonePag«1468.
H> ; ANDERSON,! 1 26 *o'Fairell*st.— Themtrical.
i t , masquerade; and carnival costumer. j>
MRB. DR; GWYBB, 1 611A Leavenworth st./b». ;
j: •'; tween ' Geary aad • O* Farrell.^ Tel."; East 6PT. "•"
; SUITS to order on- Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS - CO.. ¦ the tailors. 729 Market ¦ st. i
houses roaaisHEP— pos sale.
A h^S aA i.^"^' Wljr ruml »hed eunny 14 -room
house. 642 Geary st.; phone Polk 2S52.
HOTTHE-CUA-rorQ QPJPICES.
JA JT_^ ESE M ho S B * cI '' anlnK company and shoe-
nvaker. 618 Qough St.; phone Howard 3583.
._;. , HOBSES ABTPWAGOK8.
A VERY handsome drlrlng mare, bicycle tire
buggy, harness, all in ant-class order; this
must be Been to b« a^reciated. Apply to
owner. 164 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, . Contra . Coeta
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S. F.
FOR sale— Fresh family 'cow; gentle. 8115
Folsom et.. near Cortland ave.
POR sale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale at.
BIG bargains. in all kinds of steel-tire and rub-
ber-tlre surreys. 1503 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of business wagons, - buggies and
carts;' cheap. 1504-6 Folsom st. '
30 GOOD, cheap horses: closing out; must be
sold at once. Fifteenth and Shotwell sts.
WAGONS, buggies, surreys cheap fit 102
Golden Gate ave. •
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st., nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
even- Wedn-eday at 11 a. rn. 327 Slith st.
WAGONETTES. «urreys. buggies. w&Bons, har-
nesa, work & driving hornes. lDth-Valencia.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The CaU for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
¦ i IiOST ABTD FOTJHD.
LOST-7-By poor woman, $20 piece from Battery
and Market to Sixth and Harrison. Reward
If returned to 914 *_ Harrison st.
WOULD party that found black cocker spaniel
on Ellls-st. car return fame to 1433 Stelner
st. and receive $10 reward?
$5 reward— Male Llewellyn setter: square-
shaped black left shoulder. 1S5 San Carlos ave.
LOSTV-Gold watch, between Fourth and Sixth
sts.. on Berry. 1336 Kentucky at.; reward.
LOST— Lady's watch; initials M. 8. E. on
back. Return to 485 Eddy St.; reward.
REWARD for return of black cocker spaniel
to 1201 Jones it.
FOUND— That CHICLETS are for sale at all
the better kind of stores.
x-AtrarcKES rox hibe.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
: MEPIOAS.
IF there is any woman who Is suffering from
any of the ailments peculiar to her sex I can
offer her Immediate relief. I have devoted
my entire life to this work. I NEVER
FAIL. 1 ask fair fees, and I GUARANTEE
results in each case. If you have been dis-
appointed come to me. Perfect natlxfactlon
is then Insured. I am the oldest graduate
fpeciallst In the city giving attention exclu-
sively to ladies' troubles.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide in me.
¦ Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office. 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male t-oubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SH Market St., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
DR. S. GOODWIN, well known specialist on
diseases of women, has returned after 4
month*' sojourn in Europe, during which
time she 'visited a few of the leading eanl-
tariumc-and maternity boepltals, and Is now
located at 412 Taylor "st.. near Geary.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market it..
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
Jn trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 218 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed: no drugs, no operations
DR. ¦Mid MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. sure, never fails;
f 2. tileason-Kucrgles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
20th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10. ¦ ,¦"->:¦
MACHINERY— Bousrht. Sold, Exchanged.
WANTED — Berond-hand awing- saw and
planer. JOHN T. GRAHAM. NW. cor. Pre-
cita ave. and Alabama st. >.'c-'»
MATTBSSSE3 ATO^PIIi3iOWB.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
mi.ijyEjBY. .^—^_
ALL on<>-piece frames, 15c; two-piece frames,
25c; sik velvet. 60c yard; long nap plush. $1
yard; rilk and chenlle braid, 15c yard; mohair
felt, Jl yard;, French felt, 60c yard; every-
thing at cut prices. Fleur de Lis Millinery.
iM McAllister St.. near Franklin.
nnrEs_Ajn> vavaia.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Croasley bldg.
WCtS CEI. LANE 0J7S— FOB SALE.
1 40 H. P. firebox boiler: complete; new.
1 Worthlngton compound pump, 500 gal. min.
1 Worthinrton pump, 6x4x6.
1 'Worthington oil plant; complete,
1 dishwashing machine; complete.
1 10 H. P. O. *E. motor; new.
1 Lane planer. 27x12.
1 30- in. extractor.
1 20-ln. extractor.
¦ 1 15 H P. engine; complete.
1 lot of laundry machinery-
WM. SPECK. 421 Market st., room 37.
2D-HAND machinery, engine. - boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair It with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coatlng; v good over old
Iron tin or -hinirles; bent ,- for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR *ale— New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; ea*y payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern /bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small. weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO... 21 Stockton st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents sear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Sp»ar st ' «
A— THE (P. J Co.) California virgin gold-
wedding rings for *ale by the, PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton et.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert -suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton sC (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's* shoes at $1- and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
STOVES disconnected and connected, $2 50;
plbing. ga« fltg. 409 McAllister; tel. Mint 30T>6
NEWFOUNDLA ND. St. ¦'. Bernard dogs, 2 mo.
old. for gale cheap. 917 Van News; basement.
ELEGANT bookcase: • sacrifice. ~235 'Barlett
street. . . , ¦ ' . *_
DOMESTIC sewin* machine: .7. drawers; oak;
almost new;, cheap. ,1915 Mission/near 15th.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. B23 Market st.
Wallpaper. 3tte: paint $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan.1302 Webster;tel.Stelner 8671.
SAFES and cash registers, new " and second-
hand. . L FREEMAN. 182& >. Market it. .
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash regist*rs,_lnclud-
log Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; . lumber.' door, sash,
plumb, material. • The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrict.
FULL line of drummers' samples in' grips 'and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 * Stockton st. _
AN elersnt sealskin for sale for $75. 8E-
CURITT LOAN A TRUST CO.; 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT, diamond - ring, $50; i terms . $5 per
month.' ¦¦ P. ¦ V.'^OARIN. 138 Montgomery ! st.'
ROOMB papered.- $4 up: ;¦ tinting.- painting.'
Hartmann Paint Co., 819 Third ;tel. Main 413.
SEWJH^MA^EOTES^A^rD^SOTPJtraS.
THE sewing machine exchange of the coast is
located at 015 Market at. If you wish to
buy, rent or have your machine repaired,
"your wants will be promptly attended to by
the White Co.. at the above number. The
White is King. '¦
ALL maKesr 2d hand. $2, $5, $7. $9; new, $4,$S;
drop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth st.; tel. Jessie 3736.
DOMESTIC — The machine for -family use; best
is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
| price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5. $8; slightly
used $10, $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 1051 ; Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
. T) nageo. in wrapper, for maillnr. SI per year.
' WABEHOPSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. : furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shtped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.:
-phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.:
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of.
flee Post and Powell sta.: tel. Prt Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. | 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 291.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montromery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAI. NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby gtven that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of B20 Lake sC, San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to Oct. I,' 1904:
LouUe Carmenita, aged 9 years; Evelyn C.
¦; Nielsen, aged 7 years; Saturnina. Martin,
aged .10 years; Delores Martin, aged 7 years;
Emma B. Balrd, aged ¦ 3 years 6 months;
• ¦ Ruby Karl, aged 7 years 8 months; Zlna
Romley, aced 1 year 2 months: Bessie Tur-
ner, aged 7 years: Edna "Turner, aged 6
years: Grace Turner, aged 3 years » months.
8AM MATZO BJBAI. ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK— On line of San Mateo electrl.
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts. ;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the 8. P.. Co. 's 6ay shore "cutoff" wilt Join
the main line: 60-foot lots from 1400 up;
' terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes In front of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 175 lots sold since
AugUfct 1; an exceptional opportunity ta.se-
' cure a Jot in this desirable section; take the
electric cars and get - off at ' "LOMITA
PARK'* and investigate; maps sent on ap-
plication;
.' £>ELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Tel. Main C73. 118 Callfcrnta st.
. MttL VAIMY ttT! '¦ t. , i • —^. .
$300— $30 CASH— BALANCE $10 MONTHLY
-buys a big lot in the only, tract-, in popular
- Mill i Valley where -lots- can be bought on
such easy terms: within a stone's throw from
the station: on graded streets; water mains
v lild; grand redwood and roadrone trees;
• thousands of dollars have been spent on Im-
provements; many artistic - and expensive
• homes have been erected."
128 LOTS SOLD UP TO' DATE.
Agents on the ground Sundays. Send for
illustrated " booklet.
LYON &HOAG. . ,
; . . . . . , 116 . Montgomery st. -
r BTiAIi ESTATE— COTJHTBY— For S*ld,
SALK or exchange for city property: sacrifice;
153 acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation:
fruit. ¦ vines and grain; fully equipped and
¦ pay'ng- beantlfnl place;" gentleman's home.
' - SHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery sC
$3500—0 ACRES. 6 orchard, house, part ¦ furni-
• ture 6 cows, milk route, horse. - wagon, barns,'
hay,' tools, chickens, water. Address F. G.,
Los Gatos.-Cal. . - '' . " '
"ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
' Bend ! postal for j catalogues " of the best land
bargains In CalUornla. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market at. ¦'-¦ '. V ." .
A BIG '"paying -delicatessen -to trade for small
/.Tronntatn ranch vicinity Lake Co.. 4184. CaU.
. PBOPESTT . WASTED.
WE ' have a, buyer for. 500 ,' acres good ' vineyard
T land.* Give location and: price. : " ' ¦
. Also -a" buyer ' for -leo-acre stock - farm; must
have plenty of water: foothill land preferred.
DIAMONDS and jewelr> - on small weekly or
monthly payments. • DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St., room 12. upstairs.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st. ;.tel. South SIX.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. j»ale, rental;
bargains. Bullard &'Breck, 131 Post st
SAFES — New and necond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLIXE engines. Automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCETiT-AiraOTJS WAHT8.
AAJ^AA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825, C50 Sacramento st.
AA AA— BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladies ,
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folaom 3522.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 3016.
Levy & Redler, highest price for gents' cast-oft
clothing, chocs; tel. Red 1544. 61B Washington.
MONEY TO LOAN. \
;__ .ANT AMOUNT TO LOAN. ........
INTEREST 3V4 AND 6 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
.....I PROPERTY :..v
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and. bonds,
legacies and unoivided interests la property
purchased.
. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.....
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. , ~
601-C02-603 Examiner building.
'¦'. ¦* Quick settlements; no disappointments^ ,
Save expenses by dealing. directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided' Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates; and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
. • When- You Need Money, - v, .;
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. . .
WILL.LOAN . • , , .
A reawcnable amount on ¦ ¦ ' . ¦
lirt, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country, v
' Low rate of interest. . • .4
Give full, particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.- ¦'¦ ' •
Box 40O. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— .. -
Mcney leaned salaried people. without secur-
ity or Indorsrment, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453. Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; . also on real estate:
1st or 2d mortgages or onrany security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3C Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
¦ liberal advances on dlnmond*. Jewelry, at .2
per cent interest.. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market^ tel. Mala 1044.. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, " teamsters, boarding-houses, f without
security: easy payment*; large business In 46
.principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg. - :
A — THE ; Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.,
~ loans money on diamonds. . valuables, . etc, • at
- 2 per cent per month..- '¦.'" ••,'¦-*¦-.'.
Loans on furniture, | pianos and other securltiea,
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co., 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE," 907 ' Market st,'
LOANS .FROM $1, TO' $10.000. ¦;-¦;..'•> ¦ ¦'¦
PRIVATE — Money loaned* on ' salaries without
. security; diamonds or; chattels: -no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission ; no publicity; : $25 up; quick.
' quiet, :" confidential. 26 Montgomery, st., rm- 21.
TO salaried people without security : . on f urni-
¦ • ture. Indorsed - note* '¦ and '¦' other security. " 3.
F. Discount Agency, * 143 Phelan bldg. i ¦¦¦. ,-f ' •¦„¦;
MONEY to loan at . low \ Interest; gold.' silver,"
¦ - diamonds, pearls i and ¦ precloui stones bought
• at * W. J. HESTHAL'B, 10 Sixth at. V , - '¦ 7
MONEY.' chattels, other propositions. Bannan tt
"¦'"¦' Hall.'- room* 1213 Call bldg: -'phone Main {8214;
' IXJN'T -borrow -money- on' salary until- you -'see
/¦ us. Hutton Credit CO.; P12 Mutual Bank bldg.
PEH30N A^S— Continued.
M ELLA" HARRIS. French liquid powder:
gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off; send
only $1 and test It for yourself. M. Ella Har-
ris, chemist and Bkln specialist. 128 Geary st.
ELEGANT suite to order, extra pants or fancy
Tests, for $14 75. , Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EAST installments for Men and Youths. Suits
' to Order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in One diamonds; easy payments."
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st. ¦
ONE dollar weekly ke«ps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1641 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
" Eaton; 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
. Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color;$l at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
. Open until 11 P. tn. '
ggnrsiqiAKS aitp sireo bouts.
DR " C* C* O'-DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021H Market it., bet. 6th. and 7th, particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. .
BLOOD, -akin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^. Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb . doctor,
treats ail diseases of the human body; for
past four years at. 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
. cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth. 3
•WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
j eases cured by. Chinese herbs. 748-S Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods: 1' week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter.
PAPB»HAITQIHQ.;PAHrrorO. ETC. .
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RQ-
, MAINE. 1067^McAUlater at.; tel. Fell 2403.
FATEKTS.
INVENTIONS patented.: F. P.. MEDINA, at-
. torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg..' 532 Market gt.
pttbchabhtq ; aqewcies. _
CLARA E." JEWETT,' purchaning agent; coun-
¦ try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. j :^306^Larkin»t ;: room49rtel^outh319.
PHOPOSAliS.
UNIVERSITT of California, - Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors, Builders and - Material Men :
Notice • Is hereby given , that sealed . bids ¦ are
solicited - for performing the ¦ labor • and . fur-,
' nlshlng the materials for an addition to the
' '. Harmon gymnasium. . on the . grounds of the
'-": University > of - California, at Berkeley. Cal., fc
; and eald bjd« will . be 'received at th« office
of. the sRegents,^ South Hall, .Berkeley, at or
•'before 12 o'clock noon" of .November. S, 1904.
'- ; No bids : will: be , considered . unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder in
favor of the , Regents, of .'tb* iUnlverslty of
. " California. T equal . to ten (10) per t cent of his
* ¦ bid. - with milflclent sureties. • conditioned , that
If said bid b« accepted the bidder will duly
¦f: enter.into- a. proper contract, and give bond"
_. faithfully to perform the duty and obligations
' In ; accordance with said ¦ bid : and wl th the
plant and specifications which are hereby re-:
' • quired 'to be a part ', of ', such - contract. The'
right to reject any or all bids Is hereby re-
served. By order of the Committee ¦ on,
¦ Grounds • and '¦¦ Buildings of the Board of Re- .
. -j gent*. ',. V.H. HENDEJtSON. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS ¦ for Quartermaster ; Supplies— Ot-
->: flee i Depot?' Quartermaater,-' 86 : New '-- Mont-
•' nomery it.','- Bant Francisco, \'Cal..'J Oct. " 17,!
1904. — Kealed prcpoeals, in triplicate, sub-
ject to usual conditions, will be received here
until Mondayf ¦ Nov. ,7, r 1804. ; and then
; opened. > tot : furnishing : fire hose.* ; hose carts. ,
pli?e *, and ' fittings, . for -. Camp ; Daraga. P. I.
preference will be given to < articles = ot do-
: mestlo > production', and - manufacture, condi-
. tlons ¦ of ¦ price • and quality being < equal \ (in-
cluding. In the price of foreign production tho
I duty ' thereon). »:',The I United States " reserves
: rl«ht * to accept or ; reject : any > or alh bld» ; or
¦:-' any i part :. thereof. Information ;• and « blank ,
,-. proposals ¦ furnished '¦ on .' application. - En vel-
opes containing proposals •• to -. be « soaled 5 and
••* marked ' for Qr. Mr."- Supplies. ' No. :
8305," ¦ and - addressed t to ¦ Major C - A. Devpl.
>¦¦ Qr. t "<U.^&"?A.«>'I>ei>ot Quartermaster.- •<: • '.« -
cakes imwU^^^^^^^mW^S^^mSSS.
AH "1 " . . -' -' -¦-''• ' - ' ¦ ~' ' '
l\ ij^WWlIt The ow New Customs
|:;-vJP': : lyly'Rf • : : Revived in Cdifo^ !*>¥¥
• Our Want* Ad Patroivs May This Week Enjoy a Boston Simday Breakfast. Free.
0 .- -.-.---.,.¦- •••¦:• - - ¦¦¦¦¦-.-,.•• f- - ¦ -. ' ¦¦•-'¦•- - - . ; — : ¦
•: frggtgggggg^jj^^ Bring your Want Ads to our office and secure
S: K?qBgJ^_--^^^^^^^---^^^^^^8WB a full size package of this immensely popular new
J fSS^^^..^^^^^""^^^ food preparation. It is the only Boston Brown
•'¦ P^i\W^^^^^^^^ Bread Flour in existence, a pure food, and, like "The [
§: is wanted at every breakfast table. It requires j
•'¦ WM''^^^>^_^^_y/JK?^^^^^5^K! m no handling or kneading, merely the use of a little :
•'¦ w^Sr^^^^S^W^^^^B water simply mixed with a spoon, thus eliminating ;
1 Hl^^^^% e usua^ ann °y ance an(^ trouble 'of preparation. ;
|; Wm\ cr Pancakes and muffins may be almost instantly made. ;
K»^^^^^#^^pfH DIRECTIONS FOR USING ALLEN'S BOSTON '•
I B^lll^ BROWN BREAD FLOUR. \
2 SotS «\M «- I "^.SS-^^^^^lllB BOSTON BROWN BREAD. BREAKPAST MUPPINS. '
S IMrlB i« II® r^J&fflTlfttiWMxAMa Two cups Allen's B. B. B. Flour. % Two cups Allen's B B. B. Flour, 2 ta-
S MWW il_f€ l-^rtUU&lX&ffltffllwi ¦ cup New Orleans molasses and ly blespoonfuls sugar; 1% cups sour milk
• |1»« V^^WlHI • cups of cold water; mix thoroughly. Put and 1 egg. Beat all together and -bake
<* £^\ U M ) T^^^/WTM this Quantity Into two 1-lb baking pow- in gem pans twenty minutes.
Q S®t\ A «,v\ _J I J-^^^yyy^ der cans; have cans well greased and fill CEILDKEN'S PUDDING. ,
• !§3i\W W\ " • -O-^^^^^v /^i^^'fSH about half full; put on covers; set up- _ nto 2 cups of B. B. B. Flour stir one
• ' BOW I TO*v\ / right in steamer or kettle of boiling Cllp raisins. >,. cup suet. 1 teaspoon- ,
O WV\\ V \K I " '.$0%?¥''wNf* water and boil 2 hours. Do not let wa- _,,i o _ cinnamon. 1 teaspoonful cloves; ,
O _»S\V * V^\V^\ f X \ /0W%l8ff& t«' «¦«* Into the cans. To slice smoothly ac jd 1 egg. New Orleans molasses
O K^-Hf \0^w\1?^ lilt -«¦ 1-_Jia. ; vffi&m$!s dtl> e in COld water- and x cup sweet milk - Steam 2 hours.
•' iB^Mv VftVV • ' ' :^ : C<^^ ''KSi U ' prunes into 2 cups Allen's B. B. B. Flour
O M_K\Vm< ftVViVv ¦ '^<^^V' OBIDDI.E CAXES. an d add Vt cup New Orleans molasses. '
• i' SS^Jvffl' w\\ «-_. -^-<^<^^-<^^^«yMM One cup Allen's B. B. B. Flour. 1 egg, 1 cup sweet milk. 1 egg, 1 teaspoonful
© "^'««\\\v\V\ PB _^^8 %V&1^<i^%/Qffi//Wm m cups sour mtlk. Beat well together cloves and >_ a nutmeg grated. Steam
a i®\WYaS\\\ r I » li-IW ;:^^^^^/Ml and bake on hot griddle. If the batter two hours. Serve with cream sauce.
O ii_\lik^VV\ ™^^^^~^'^^^^^^ / _^ seems too thick add a spoonful of water Figs, dates or raisina may be substi- ¦
8 l B^^^ TRADE ALLEN'S BOSTON BROWN BREAD FLOUR " \
o\ I • • • ' -> •¦•-• I Will receive, Free, a full size package of this famous Flour.
SI ASK YOUR GROCER FOR IT ' -¦¦•-••• ; - ' ' '\ \ — —
© iiCv;; 1 ' ' .- - . ¦ - • •' ¦ '' '-¦'¦ : ' ¦ '--—-—________=_=_============== ' ¦ "'
|! CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS;
|| OAKLAND OFFICE < - - - 1016 BROADWAY
I>»oeooo < M^>eo ; «oioeS«S>no»» a^»o8«ao->S^Says r. Republicans ; Will Elect - More
jThan Two Hundred Congressmen.
• : NETW^ TORK, Nov.
Babcock^ of 4ttie Republican ; Congf es- %
sionali.Committee to-day sent? a ,tele
gram\to J Speakef \Catinon^ atiDanyilleV
111., • in i which \ he • says : -."Fro m , our.re
po'rts ;and \the [information; available I
am- pleased ' tb^advlse fyo u that the-JRe- 1
publictns [will * elect not * less than 203
BABCOCKi. WIRES CAXXOX.
; UNION CASKS ; ! SU1JMITTE_>.— The motion
to" modify 4 the order restraining, the' Stablemen's
Union ,i rom '¦ boycottlns ¦ Goldberg:,' . Bo wen &' Co.'
pending the trial of the suit for a'perpetual in
junction * was ; ordered ; submitted ;. on S, briefs * by
Judge '.'. Hebbard ' yesterday." '¦ The ", same } court
also -instructed* tnV attorneys to submit briefs
on the i order, ? show ' cause in the ! injunction
suit ¦ of.' Constantlni ; against - tne -. Cooks* and
"Waiters'/Union: - . -. ¦ . • ¦ ,:•".'¦ ¦
The William J.:Wynn; and Joseph
Holle . Democratic Club of the" Thirty
second Assembly District met at the
South San Francisco Opera-house i last
night. ; M.J.H. Squires »was chairman.
Thomas O'Connor, addressed the|meet
ing (on {the : national issues of the ; day.
He},was very i forcible and eloquent ¦ in
his remarks i. -about the .election "of
Judge : J. M. Seawell. Joseph > Holle,"
candidate for Senator, from: the Niihe-.
teenthj ; Senatorial'^ District, :; made a
businesslike v talk. t Other- speakers
were George L. Flanagan and W. . J. 1
Kenney/"; The^Manhattan quartet en
livened the meeling : with ' campaign
songs.;- "; = ¦¦'., -• ¦.--. •'. ¦¦¦¦ jv: ; ¦" .'¦. • ¦
South End Democrats Sleet:
ELKINS, W. Ya., Nov. 4.— Henry G.
Davis appealed' to his fellow townsmeii
to-night to support \ him as the Denao
cratic nominee for the .Vice Presi
dency. .The address was listened to by,
as many of Elkins' citizens as -could
get into the opera-house. "Among
those who sat behind the . Senator on
the . stage were .^Blairie and 'Davis
Elkins, sons .of Senator Elkins. The
meeting was the. culmination^of a day
of ; campaigning in ;a special train.
; Davis -reviewed the development of
his reglme',r in connection with,- which
hp', frequently* mentioned V the • name • of
Senator., Elkins, who was with him,; he
said, exceptpolitically.. The 'candidate
read,"altelegram he ; received ', to-night
f r bm^yice .President Landstreet of trie
Wabash /system, a * Republican, ?he- ex
plained," „! but ' a stanch '"supporter : . of
Davis.- • Landstreet -said > he v was '* how
on a tour' of the lines jot 'f.hls - road in
West .Virginia in behalf "of -Davis. -
Tells of 'Ardent Support of . Corpora
. lion- Representative. .
Parker to Reply To-Day to Roosevelt.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4.— Judge Par-
ker read President" Roosevelt's state
ment after, his return to the Hotel Se
ville and announced that he would an
swer it to-morrow before , the Kings
County" Democratic Club of Brooklyn.
He would make no comment on it to
night. ' .;"
DAVIS IN HIS OWN TOWN.
' - Friday, Nov. 4.
I Etmr Newport. Corning. Pigeon Point.
DOMESTIC . PORTS.
PORT TOWNSICND— Sailed Nov 4— Schr C
Kennedy, for Honolulu.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— MIDNIGHT.
Schr A F Coats/ from Everett.
SAILED.
.ARRIVED.
Friday, Nov. 4.
Btmr Newport, Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. v . '
Slmr Jeanic, Bartlett, 132 hours from Seattle.
LATE SHIPPING INTELMGENCE.
SONORA, Nov. 4.— The Republi
cans had a great rally at Turn Verein
Hall to-night. The hall was inade
quate'to hold the crowd. Marked at
tention was paid to Speakers" Frank P.
Flint 'of Los Angeles and Arthur L,.
Levinsky of Stockton. Frank W.
Street presided. The citizens at Sono
ra do;'.not; often give vent to political
enthusiasm,' but the sallies of the
speakers as applied to the truths they
.presented awakened:, uproarious en
thusiasm.
[ Fred Fette, nominee for, the Assem
bly, and Thomas A. Hender, candidate
for Supervisor, also spoke. . The men
tion of ; Roosevelt and Fairbanks : ' and
Congressman Gillett caused prolonged
applause.
Names of Roosevelt and Fairbanks
and Gillett ITcartllr Cheered.
SONORA ENTHUSIASTIC.
* EVANSyiLLE, Ind., Nov. 4.—Sena
tor Charles W. Fairbanks to-day
covered the territory in Southern In
diana lying between Terre Haute and
Evansvllle. He made fifteen speeches
during the day's trip. The evening
meeting in Evansvllle was large and
enthusiastic. Congressman James A.
Hemenway presided.
The day's tour was mostly through
the coal mining region, of Indiana and
the', miners in many instances formed a
large part of the Senator's audiences.
A large portion of the country through
which Senator Fairbanks "passed to
day is 'regarded as the Democratic
stronghold : of ; Indiana and there were
occasional cheers for -Parker," but in
the main the receptions accorded the
Senator , were cordial and enthusiastic.
To-morrow the special train is sched
uled to stop at Jeffersonvllle and nine
other cities and towns, reaching In
dianapolis for the final meeting of the
tour -to-morrow night.
Vice Presidential Candidate Visits Coal
Regions of Indiana.
MINERS HEAR FAIRBANKS.
¦V BOY "ARRESTED \ FOR' SWINDLING.— Ned
Perry," \ an % lS-year : old \ boy.. ; _was J arrested^' last
night i by I Detective | Charles I Taylor j on j Kearny
street,*' t He : Is ; accused » of • attempting to ' short-'
change • F. , W. ; Huber.'i a . book -. merchant ' a t '¦ 213
Kearny i street. : Hube r /grabbed i the : lad and
called* for : the ( pollco.' j ¦ ¦'. • -. -,•
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 4.
William Wolf to Margaret A. Skelly. lot
on N line of Post street. CO E of Gougb. Et
60 by X 137:6; $10. - -
William W. Sessions to Thomas B. Lynch,
lot on NW corner o f Turk and Franklin streets,
N 80 by W 52:6; $10. •
John R. -Aitken Emma F. Guerrero and Jo
sephine A. Baldwin to Isaac Upham. lot on
NW line of Market street. 114:1 SW of Frank,
lln. SW 27:0, N 104:10%. E 21:9, , S 89:8%,
quitclaim deed; $5. -
Isaac Upham to Eleanor Martin, lot on NW
line of Market street. 114:1 SW of Franklin,
SW 54:4%, W 1-.7H. N 120, B 43:6, 8 89:8%;
$10. -
City nnd County of San Francisco to Ben
jamin Harris, lot on N line of Post street,
117:0 E of Scott. E 25 by N 112:6;$ .
Chauncey S. .and Margaret A. Blair to Peter
A. Spitz, lot' on N line of Suiter street.. 60 W
of Lyon. W 25 by N 112:6; $10.
M. H. and Kate I. de Young 'to Jeremiah.
L and Mary JB. Murphy lot on E line of
Shrader street, 62:6 N of Grove, N 25 by E
110; $10.
Same to W. B. - Brown, lot on E line ' of
Shrader street 87:C N of Hayes, N 20 by B
110; $10. ' ,:
TV'.- B. Brown to Lizzie Brown, same; gift.'
Robert E. Cooley to" SIgna C. Cooley, lot on
X line of Fifteenth street. 72 W of Shotwell,
W 24 by N 74; gift.
Alexander F. and May T. Morrison to John :
Center, lot on W line of Capp • street.- 113 N
of Twenty- second. N 36 by W 122:6; $10.- '
Annie M. and William Linden to Ella Novak
and Emma ¦ Prosek, lot • on ' 8 - line ' of Jersey
street. 320 XV ofNoe, W 30 by 8 114; $10.,:.,
Justin E. and Willmena II. E. Emerson to
Anna D. Joost, lot on S line of Twenty-third
street. 228:4 E of Douglass, E 61:8 by S lit;
$io. .. ¦ .. : i ; , ¦
Anna D. Joost to Mutual Trust Company,
lot on S line of Twenty- third street, 228:4 EJ
of Douglass, E 25:8 by 8 114; $10. -
Jeremiah Browell . to Eugenie Slater lot on
E line of Good Children- street 137:5 8 of
Lombard^ B 104 :Q. N 44. E 11, N 6, B 22 S
50. W 137:6. N 0:1; also light of way on 8
line of ixjmbard etreet. .159:6 W of Kearny.
W 4 by S 87 :C; $10. ' • - i
Albert P. Buckhardt et al. to. Henry Du
chateau, lot on SW line of Morris avenue .115
SE of Bryant street, SB 20 by SW 73; $10 -
Same to Tillle L. Bedell, lot on SW line of
Morris avenue. 95 SE of Bryant, SE 20 by SW
75; $10.
¦ Methodise Book Concern to Ellse A.- Drexler
lot on 8E line of Market street, 375 ¦ SW. of
Sixth, SE 09, NW to point on Market 374: 11 W
SW of Sixth. SW 0.0%, quitclaim deed- $350.
Lewis B.-Haseltine to Alma C.~: McWilliams
(wife of 'Joseph), lot on SW- corner of Twen
tieth avenue ' and I^ike street. W 107:6 by 8
104: ?10. • /
George I. and Eugenia R. Lamy to Charles
M. ar.d'Helen L. . Stoltz, lot on*: E ' line " of
Tenth avenue, 135 * 8 of - California street.'. 8
25 by E ViO: $10.
• Thomag Mullany to •• William M." de ; Wolf
lot on E line of Eighth avenue, 125 N of A
street. N 25 by E 120; also lot on E line of
Eighth -avenue. . 225 N of A etreet, N • 50 by
E 120;. $10. -V-
William M.' and Mary Er de Wolf to \ Mar
garet A. Glunz (wife of John * B.), lot on E
line of Eighth avenue, 125 N of ; A' street.' N
25 by E 120: $10., ¦¦'
Same to Orrin and; Mary J. Knox,- lot on
line of i Eighth avenue, 225 N of . A street. N
50 by E 120; ¦ V n 1pTiTM1 l '^|mCTO«i!BilOjf
•-William M.. and- Grace Lacey r to .Gj*ula" F :
Spiller, lot on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
125 8 of Clement street,. 8 25, NE. 83:11, NW
25. W 81:2 2-3; $10.^ -¦:¦> j f ;$ - . -,;
John R. t Robertson to Elizabeth J. "Robert- «
son (wife), lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue :
200 N of . I street, , N 25 by ; W. 120;?glft. ;.-
Josephine ; Heringhl r to . George '* H. Roundey,' !
lot - pn E corner • of i Mjuisell -. and . Princeton '
streets, SE 100 ,by^ NE 120, block . 124 Uni
versity Homestead; x$10.«:;»^. ';>.¦;¦ -
- ; Edmond .. and . Ellen ; Kenney to Joseph ¦*; R." ''
and Mary A. Hegarty. lot: 14, . block 227, : O'N ' j
and H. Tract, quitclaim- deed: ¦ $25.f %,..**. t ¦••: ¦
Milton S. and. Lena; Eisner a to 'John. P. S.'
Johnson. ¦'. lot* on> N- line "of 'Armyi street; 5 100 E
, of - Harrison. e E 60/ thence at . angle of 87 ' de "
: gteee : 4^ minutes • N • to ; : Serpentine, AVj to \ point
100 : E : of •;' Harrison * and } 100 .». W "• of : Alabama,"
B: to;beglnnin_;i$10. . . :'¦;-_¦. :"• ¦¦¦ %- r ,\\ -i
¦¦'¦'. Jane ' and ": Donald •' McDonald to Thomas J.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
To-night a large meeting was held
at St. Helena, at which Bell spoke for
an hour. His remarks were loudly
applauded by a large audience. He
referred to his friendship * for Sena
tor Perkins and their co-operaffon in
the last Congress.
NAPA, Nov. 4. — A Democratic rally
was held at Calistoga this afternoon
in the Auditorium. Theodore A. Bell,
Democratic candidate for Congress
from the Second District, made an
extended address and was greeted
with liberal applause. "
Cnl is toga and St. Helena.
Congressman Addresses Meetings in
BEIili IN NAPA COUNTY.
NEW v YORK, Nov. 4.— Between 10
and. 3 o'clock to-day the Broad street
curb market was almost entirelv given
over to betting on the election. Amounts
ranging up to 510,000 were wagered, but
the real feature was the laying of small
amounts, varying from $20. to $100.
Never before was there such public in
terest manifested as in -the exciting
betting of to-day.
Despite the large volume of money
wagered only one change in the odds
was reported at the close.
throughout the day was a five to one
favorite. Judge Herrick's supporters
poured thousands of dollars into the
ring and maintained the odds of ten to
seven, despite the persistent and ag
gressive betting by the men who fan
cied Higgins for Governor,
There was a remarkable shifting of
the odds on the contest in this State.
Thursday night the odds closed at five
to seven on Parker. To-day there was
a plethora of Roosevelt money and the
odds relapsed to the oil! J quotation of
two to one on Roosevelt.
Again Two to" One RooseVelt Will
\ Carry New York.
ELECTION BETTING BRISK.
YREKA, Nov. 4.— The largest and
most enthusiastic meeting ever held in
Scott Valley was held at Fort Jones
last night and was addressed by R. S.
Taylor of Yreka. The speakef devoted
the greater portion of his time ta un
masking Caminetti, whom he charged
with accepting the nomination on a
free trade platform and with seeking
votes disguised as a protectionist.
Caminetti said Taylor was a member
of Congress when the "Wilson-Gorman
blli was adopted and at that time he
voted to put on the free list the three
great industries of the First Congres
sional District, viz.": Lumber, cattle
and wool. . -
Taylor grilled Caminetti unmercifully
as the legislator who put a two-cent
duty on a "six-bit business" and re
moved a $2 duty from a $6,000,000 in
dustry. If you trust this, man again,
said the speaker, you know what to
expect.
The remarks of Taylor were greeted
with prolonged applause.
Fort Jones Voters Told of His Actions
in Congress.
CAMINETIT IS SCORED.
En Route From Buenos Ayres to
Hamburg, It Goes Down With
Entire Crew.
HAMBURG, Xov. 5. — The German
bark Pioneer of Bremerhaven, from
Buenos Ayres for Hamburg, has been
lost with her entire crew of eighteen.
GKRMAX BARK LOST
-. .: WITH ' EIGHTEEN 31EX
.."It is only a question of the size of
the plurality the ticket will receive,"
said he to-day. "The people are satis
fled with existing conditions and want
a continuance of , them. Despite" the
claims of the C Democratic party the
people will not be fooled into doing
something which their good common
sense shows them would be a mistake.
They will poll their Republican ticket
this year of all years. There Is not
the slightest danger of our losing any
of the Northern States and we may get
some Southern ones." '
LOS ANGELES, Nov.. 4.— That the
Republican national ticket will receive
an unprecedented popular vote and se
cure a record-breaking plurality is the
prediction of David B. Henderson, for
mer Speaker of the House of Repre
sentatives, who arrived here yesterday
to spend the winter. The distinguished
Iowa statesman has retired from ac
tive political work, but he keeps in
touch with political events and Is so
well Informed upon political subjects
as to be considered an authority.
Vote for Roosevelt.
Ex-Speaker Henderson Expects Great
Cisco. Stock and Exchange Board yesterday*. •
•Morning Session— ComatockB. •
BOO Andes ... 26 200 Hale & Norc 70
400 Caledonia 37 100 Overman If
100 Caledonia .... 38 100 Union Con.... 41
Afternoon Session — Comstocka.
600 Andes 25! 300 Gould & Cur. 13
200 Belcher .V..Y-. 23 400 Mexican 1 25
.200 Best & Belch. 1 10 150 Ophir ••••»•»* .*»
200 Chollar ...... 19 200 Ophlr ..... . . .S «
100 Chollar ..::.. 18 100 Savage '27
COO Con Cal & V.I 75 100 Silver . HUI CO
100 Crawn Point.. 0S| 200 Union Con...., 40
v V , CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ,
' Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha. .,13 IS Julia. 07 09
Alta .......... 04 06 Justice 05 07
Andes ....... 25 26 Kentuck . 02 04
Belcher .....^23- 24 Lady Wash .. 02 04
Best * Belch. 1.06 1 15 Mexican ......1 20 1 25
Bullion .;.... 18 20 Occidental ... ¦"? •»
Caledonia .... 37 3S Ophir 2 40 2 45
Challenge ... 18 19|Overman ..... 13 14
Chollar.. 18 19IPotosl 11 12
Confidence ... 80 S5 Scorpion ...... 07 09
Con Cal & V.I 70 1 75 Savago 27 2S
Con Imperial. . 01 02 Seg Belcher... 06 07
Con NY:... 04 05 Sierra Nev 27 ;29
Crown Polnj.. 07 08 Sliver Hill 49 60
Eureka Con;: — BOlSt. Lauls .... 08 10
Exchequer... 42 40! Syndicate..... 03 05
E. Sierra Nev OT or.! Union Con.... SO 40
Gould & Cur. 13 HJUtah OS 09
Hale & Norc. C9 72|Yellow Jacket. 18 19
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
. Morning Session.
1000 N Y Ton Con. lOi SOO Ton Ohio .... S3
600 Ton Belmont.. 741 500 Ton & Cal... 18
100 Ton of Nev. .9 25(
Afternoon Session.
000 Jumbo ;..... 43 1 100 Mont Ton ...1 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah. . f
Bi<l.A»k.j Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev.9 00 9 37 H Rescue OS 10
Mont Ton ...1 90.1.05 Ray & O'Brien — 02
Ton Bxten . . . 1 85 2 00 Paymaster ... 02 03
MacNamara .20 27 Uttle Ton ..30 —
Ton Midway.. 36 ~ 40 Esperanza .... 01 02
Ton Belmont.. 76 * — Gold Anchor. . 20 —
Ton N Star... 17 19 Qulncy ....... 11 —
TVeet End ... — 1B|N Y Ton Con 10 —
Ton Gold Mt. — ' 1SI . - .':
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm .. 18 — Jumbo Ex .. 20 24
Red Top .... 11 14 Vernal Min ..08 —
Goldfleld Mhk — IS Goldfield — 87
Jumbo ...... 42 451
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sal»- on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
. . Morning Session.
1000 Cen Eureka.. 1 f>O!iOCO MacNamara .. 28
COO Jumbo ...... 451 30CO MacNamara . . 25
2000 Jumbo ...... 441 200 Mont Ton. ..1 92".
100 Jumbo "......¦ 461 BOO N Y Ton Con. 11
C5C0 Jumbo - 421 200 Ton Midway.. 38
2C0 Jumbo Ex ST.- 20)1000 Ton Midway.. 39
3000 MacNamara. . 2"|
1 . ¦ . ¦ ¦ . • Afternoon Session. .
100 Bruns wick .. 14 ,800 N Y Ton Con, 12
1500 Jumbo :..... ,89 CCO N Y Ton Con. 11
500 Jumbo Ex .. 20 100 Ton Belmont.. .78
1000 MacNamara . 25 800 Ton Belmont.. 79
1000 MacNamara . 26| 500 Tan Gold Mt. 18
1000 MacNamara '." 27 2f>00 Ton Midway,. 41
SOO Mont Ton..l 02^1:700 \'ernal Min .. 10
>. ¦¦'¦„-;<¦-.¦¦ CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask. - - BId.Ask.
Adams 09 — Mont Ton ..1 02*^ —
Black Butte.. 19 22 N Y Ton Con. — 05
Blue Bull M. — 28 NT T Con M 10.
Booth M Co. 10 — Paymaster ... 02 —
Columbia .... — '23 Qulncy ....... 11 —
DIamondfleld. 36 — Ray-Exten .. — 03
Eeperanza ... — .01 Ray & O'Brien — 10
GoldfleM B&B — 14 Ray -Ton .... — 14
Goldfleld Dmd — 20 Red Top ..'... 12 14
Gldfld Gt Bnd — 20 Rescue ....... 03 11-
Ooldfleld Min 55 f>7 Rethwell G M . 10 —
Goldfleld Mhk — 23! Sandstorm ?fl
Gldfld Red L — fi7lTon Belmont.. 79 R0
Goldfleld^S Pk — ISJTon & Cnl... 18 20
I Goldfleld Ton. — lliTon Cash Boy. — 12
' Gold Mt Con. — 02 1 Ten Exten . A RS . — •
Hazel Kirk .. — 12ITon Gold Mt. 17 IS
Jim Butler .. 43 COtTon Midway.. 40 41
Jumbo ...... 41 — ITon of Nev. ..9 00 9 25
Jumbo Ex . .' 19 — ITon X Star... 17. —
Little Ton -:.- — 401 Vernal Min .. 0T»
Luckv Tom.. 02 • fl5lW>st ETnd .... 13 .14
MacNamara .27 — I
PREDICTS BIG 3IA JOBITY.
Continued Prom Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
members of the next House, with a
probability of at least seats more.
NEW YORK, Nov. 4. — A thick
blanket of fog, which settled down over.
New York City and harbor during the
night, seriously disarranged traffic
both by land and water to-day and re
sulted in at least one serious. accident.
The ferry-boat Columbia of the Wall-
Street Line wtfs run into and sunk. by
the Norwich liner ¦ City of Lowell.
There were ' about 150 passengers [ and
seventeen teams on board the Colum
bia. All of the passengers were taken
off In safety, but eight or ten of the
horses'were drowned.
The 'City of Lowell was coming down
the river and in the dense . fog struck
the Columbia amidships, . just clear of
the paddlewhecL The Columbia floated
.around for a while and began to settle.
A hawser was thrown from the City
of Lowell and the Columbia made fast
and all the passengers were : taiken* on
board the •' steamboat. Later the haw
ser parted in some unaccountable man
ner, and the * Columbia finally sank
near one of the slips of the Union Fer
ry Company on the Brooklyn side.
The Garden City, a ferry-boat plying
between Long Island City and New
York, collided during the fog seven
times with various craft before she
reached' her slip in this city. She
bumped into the big Sound steamer
Maine and a hole was stove in the fer
ry-boat's side.' The hole was far above
the water line, however, and the ferry
boat did not sink. The Garden City
had 100 passengers.
Transferred Hurriedly to
the Other Ship , Before
Their Own Settles in Bay
ALL PASSENGEES SAVED
Ferry-Boat Columbia, iii New
York Harbor, Goes Down
in a Thick Veil of Fog
NEW YORK, Nov. 4— Rev. Dr. Ben
jamin de Costa, the Episcopal clergy
man who five; years a^o became a con
vert to the Roman Catholic church and
a year ago was ordained as a priest,
died to-day at St. Vincent's Hospital
after a year's Illness, aged 74 years.
Before entering the Roman Catholic
church Dr. de Costa was for thirty
eight years pastor of St. John's Pro
testant Episcopal Church, holding .1
prominent place in the religious life of
this city. He took an active part in the
controversy over the admission of Dr.
Brlggs to the Episcopal ministry, and
soon afterward he resigned from the
Episcopal church and became a mem
ber of the Roman Catholic church. Last
fall while in Rome he was ordained a
deacon and on November 29 last was
ordained a priest. He returned to this
city to engage in parish work, but his
health failed. ,Dr. de Costa was the
author of more than thirty religious
and historical works.
VESSEL SUNK
IN COLLISION
NOTED PRIEST
IS CALLED TO
ETERNAL REST
-Frank Faubert and wife (owners) with Mis
sion Building Company. (contractors), architects
Rousaeau& Son — All -work for a two-story f.n<\
basement; frame'bulldlng (flats) ' on . N ' line* of
McAllister street. 31:3 W of Central avenue.
W 25 by N 100; $4000. -
: Olympla Bser Company (owners) with Robert
Dewar (contractor); architect — Excavat
ing for piers, "concrete,* carpenter work, plumb
ing, painting,- putting on Iron and roof for bot
tling house on lot 68:9 N of Greenwich street,
theneo 137:6 W of. Sansome, N 447 E 137:6, S
to beginning; $7040. ¦
Mm. "W. Moran . (owner) with A. Eahlberg
contractor), plans by owner— All work for a
three-itory- frame building (three .flat*) on E
line of Laurel street. £2:7Va 8; of Sacramento,
8 25 by E 100; $7200.
! • Jonathan Swelgert , (owner) with George ' Pe
terson (contractor), •. architects , William Moooer
on<l E. G. Bolles — AH work except plumbing
for a. two-story brick building on N.line of.Pa
cific street.* 57:6 E of Montgomery, E SO by N
137:0; $5700. '. .;> '-;
Jchn Jl.Colier or Collier, to John E. Miller,
lQionN Hep 01 .Fifteenth avenue. 223 NW- of
J street. NW 75 by. NE 100. block 2S7, South
San Fiancipco. Homestead: ?10. ,
¦'¦ James* and-' Mary dyne to same, lots 2 and
3, "block 2MV same; $1C<>/
Peter -Moran' to same, lot on NE line of
Fourth ¦; avenue. ' 2t!0 PE of L street. NE 13U
by SE 80, lot 41, block 59, Butcher R. ; $10. . :
• Builders' Contracts. v . .
' ¦¦ 8." Ducas ' Company (corporation) - to George
Ryan,: lot . on- N lin e ' of Wall street.' 50 W- of
HoHaday, W . IT. . by N 75 block 3, Precita
Valley .'.it;' ftlO.. ¦ " ¦ ¦ - . ~^:.~ri
and - Charlotte . C. - Johnston, 'lot on S. line of
Farallones street. . 230 W of Capitol. W 75
by - S - 125. ' block > 1, ; Railroad Homestead ; $10. -
"¦'¦ George and Kate .Ryan* to Charles and Mary
A mlerson.* lot on • SE ; line ¦ of Peralta avenue,
110:.1»i" : SW of Holladay streets SW~29:1%.
S:sO;lG'4 t E 2M, N 05:9;i/ lot 9, -block a,
Franconla; _S1Q. . ,¦• ... , :
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, i NOVEMBER; : 5; Mf)04.
14
RAILWAY TRAVEIi. '
m _L*^^^P^TZ?__l_r>_i ¦
H. limited to Chicago!
g LEATES MONDAYS ted THURSDAYS i
9 at O:rtO a.m., tbrong-h in 3 dayi.M
9 Wit- diner and all trapping 1 !. • fa
Other Santa Fe Trains:
AitnS'S'l For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8 :0O p". m'. J Merced. . Hanford and VlsaUa.^
"4 :00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City .''Grand Canyon
V«is>is»?-3.'V A .;and Chicago. »
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
;~ San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.; also 27 South 1 st. . San Jose.
¦.To SAN RAFAEL,
VALLEY, -
MILL VALLEY;
tCAZMRO, Etc
) Via Sauialito Ferry
SUBURBAN STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart ' from : San Francisco, , dally, ' at t" :ufi!
7:45. 8:23.9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. 3 15
4:35, 5:13, 5:50, 6:30.-7:15, 8:00 and 11:05
p.' m.. ¦¦ . - - ¦ • ¦¦ -, ¦ .
¦ Arrive at • San ; Francisco, dally, "at t«-4P
7:85.(8:15, 8:5O. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 1:30 255*
4:25. 5:06. 5:42, 6:22. 6:57.-7:40 and U-_t
p. ¦" xn.^^&flHBSKWi'vWIiB
tDally : except ' Sunday.
; For Fairfax,- dally, ; at T:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
.THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations, i
¦ 8:15iP.'n_,- Saturdays only — For Cazadero.'
•tc * ¦- | -BSt__iW>4N_*tfi_K0UHM_
.- 6 :15 • p. - ra.i s dally, except Saturday aad Sun-
day, for - Tomales, ¦ eta~a_IBMH_|_B||___
- TICKET OFF1CE^-«50 i Market . st.
I__IRY— Union Depot, '. toot of. Market ¦_*
__A_ ESTATE—CITY— FOB SA_.B._
tiM-fT-NirtV "Y-ottaVre. 4 r.&b. ;*« China ; terms.
$130cC- rot tape. 5'iocms; 3CG0 Folsom et.
¦s—MU— lt»--m douec; i)li B?ntiinctot; terms.
fHKX>— Corner lot; £an<-he= & Palmer; terms.
D. COFFIN. 2.'>2S Mission ft., near 21st.
SEAX. ESTATE TO JS~CCEA-2C- CXI.
>i!ork. Oakland. ._ •
BOO-tS TOTS, HOXTSKEEPIKO.^
EPDY 80*— 3 Eur,ny housekeeping rooms with
fcatfa! .
jjjiuy. Trot;— Funny rocms, completely fur-
niBh«J: gBS. bath: yard.
MiGHTH 112—3 unlurnlshsd rooms; Uitchen
furnished it desired: cheep rent.
FRANKLIN 151S— Funry front newly fur.
_^t:jYou«ek<*ping; bath, phone; <20; ref.
GEARY 1220— Nice. Icrge, sunny rooms for
hou»ek«'pinp: choice location and excellent
view ; verj- reasonable. -^
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant.
tunny hcjyckcpplnp rooms for two; exclusive;
kitchen: rfascnablf.
ifJBSXZ Itn' finniiT room, furnished house-
keerinx; gas rar.ge. fink, cot; $3 week.
JEPFIF. S-Z — One minny s— nail room for one;
l^fht hojpel:ecplrs: f 1 75 week.
JONES. 1*2;;. near Bush — Sunny ho_»ekeep<n«
eulte. Including kitchen and gas; $27; also
back room: sunny; $14.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
roots eunny apartments: steam heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
furry furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
t__a.V— 1CWORTH, 1011. near Green — 5 funny
furnished housekeeping 1 rooms: bath, phone;
fin* marine view.
LIBERTY. M2. near Castro— Modern sunny
kitchen, dining-room, bath, etc.; warm belt;
«t. , ;
_OSF. ' 13, off , Howard, near Seventh— 2
rooms furnished fur housekeeping; adults
cnly. ¦¦ ¦ . - ¦ ____^ -
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. ?5 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; aduitB.
PIERCE. .",014— Three funny room?, furnished
fcr hous-eUet-ping : gas and bath: rent $U>.
POST 9<2— Funny front suite. $03; also pleas-
ant tuitgy. $12.'?14. $16; ylugl' rcomg. $8.
RAUSCH. «. near Eishth — A :»rg* bedroom, j
kitchen" and yard: r«*a sona tie. j
SACRAMENTO. I4W— luirge sunny furnished
frunt hcu*fl:eei»ir!g: fulte?, ?iri-?25 month;
i"unnir.g water. v <'**.;
SANCHEZ, 5CK*— Front bay-window sitting
room, alcove bedroom, kitchen; reasonable.
8t"OTT 3tt), NE. I»ape — 2 ertra sunny room?, I
newly fumlghpd for housekpg; reasonable, j
EOUTH PAUK. 126 — To let. 4 unfurnished j
rooms for housekeeping; no children. ;
THRE_ eunny unfurnished rooms; housekeep-
ing; close in; McAllister st. Inquire 83S
Market ft.. Elite Dermatology Institute.
UTAH. £38. nr. ISth and Potrero ave.— House-
keeping in runny cottage; gas, sink, hot ¦
end cold water. ' '¦- ,
WALLER. 71 — A ?a nny Buifce of rooms in new j
h..u?e. turn, complete. ?16: phone Page 7931.
APAKTMEBfT HOUSES.
f T. LOCIK 1I7J J*ck5on— Marine view: 3-*-i
rocRS: furn. or unfur.: refs. TeL East 1350.
SOOXS TO IET — Purn. and XTnfnrn. j
JL.TKSX8, oor. Third et. and Park lane — New j
brick building : all sunny rooms; hot and cold {
mater; ¦electric light*; only flrst-class house |
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BUUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to ?1 per night, $1 i!5 to $3 per week and
light bt/UfcekPeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth rt.)— Roome. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 T" to $10 week; house open all night. ¦
BEAVER. 12 — Furnished rooms, single or en I
eulte; 1 block from Castro car. I
BRYANT. olK — ( urfurnitlied rooms; sunny; I
rear; and ysrd; rent $&.
BELMOND houte; over Owl drugstore: 2 en- '
trances. 1126 Market «nd 21 Turk — Electric i
light*; running waier tn every room; 200 i
rocms: 25c to .".'•¦* per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
EUDY. 4:!2— Nicely furnished room*, with all
conveniences; oh^ice location; reasonable.
EDDY. 439— For rent, newly furnished, sunny !
front rooms; running water; close in. '.
EIGHTH ave.. T,"t. near ijark — 4 eunny rooms;
will fix to Fuit tenant: cars pas* the door. '
FURNISHED room to lei. Apply at 109 !
Hyde gt. |
BOCMS^AKP BOA^P.^^ _
HOTElTcOMORA. C2r O'Farrcll— 2 couth sin-
gle. 2 sunny suites, with bath; superior
table; billiards :
LARGE double room, with board for two; $50;
fcot w*ter. 300 I^eavenworth st. ,
HAIGHT. . 332— Large sunny suite; running
water; grate; second floor; corner house.
"HOTEL MCALLISTER," Van Ness and Mc-
Allister — 1 eunny single cr 2 choice suites.
BUSH. - 703— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. ,
HOWARD. S11A— Flrst-claes board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family.
Bteveneon Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
S07 California — Sec rms. learn pricee.try table.
WASHINGTON. 1618— Strictly first-class, ele-
rrantlr furnished rooms; excellent table.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
A JAPANESE gentleman desires room and
board In an American family. Address, stat-
tlng terms, etc.. box 4027. Call office.
SOCIAX^
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to make merry; coiy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens. Ocean Beach terminal of electrlo
car lir.es. Make arrangements at room 211.
Muirhead bulldir.g. Market and Larkln sta.
• stop psnraiiro.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; .tablet form
mailed la plain package; has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
SANATOBITTM. '
CONROY Sanatorium and Maternity Hospital:
2S12 Sacramento St.; terms very reasonable,
TTPEWBrrE_tSJ|^D_STJPPIiIES.
AjTexceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
hi_her and lower prices: rentals ?2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 530 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Incite. Co., 508 Market.
VX_V T.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for it.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
STUTTE3IKG AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market.
cures: e«tab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENCES.
The following marriage license* were Issued
yesterday:
Albert SouUe, 25, 317 Third street, and Al-
banie Delaine*. 21. 15. Silver street. ¦¦
Oscar B. Oisen, 28. »64 York etreet, and
Elsa C, Peterren. 29, 256 Langton stret.
John P. Griffin. 23. 23 Blake street, and
Margaret C. Martyn. 23. Halfmoon Bay.
Frederick Raamustsen. 27. 764 Folsom street,
and Luise Sundqulst. 21, 1119^ Howard etreet.
William H. Keating. 39, 6tS0 Howard street,
and Mary E. Crowe. 40, 216 Twelfth street.
Nicolo Beltrano. 2S, 642 Francisco street, |
end Stefana Balestierl, 24. C42 Francisco st.
Ralph E. Larry 26. 911 Vi Howard street,
and Emma V. Bishop. 25. 911 »4 Howard street.
William F. Murray, 29, 24 TurK street, and
Alma Scott. 22. 24 Turk street.
Heinrlfih J. lid, 2S, 573 Mission street, and
Mlna ile!*ter. SO, 573 Mission street.
Albert A. Ehrtiardt, 36. city, and Emma
A. Hunter. 50. city. " .
William II. Purvis. 27, 411 raciflc street,
and Mipnie Nelson, 20, 411 Pacific street.
Matthew A. Daley, 25, 3130 Army street,
and Mary A. Glynn. 24. 110 Bowdoin street.
Nekltas Giorgis. 21. C26 Filbert street, aad
Maria Sannona. 19. 62C Filbert street.
Mortimer J. Walsh. 27. 3 Juniper street, and
Ella G. Donohue. 22. 128A Juniper Htreet. .
BIRTHS— HARHAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inrerted. They must he handed
in at cither of the publication offtcev and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices reutrlcled simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORX.
CURLEY— In this city. October 31, 1904. to
the wife cf J. Curley, a daughter.
DIXKELSPIEL— In thi.« city. October 31, 1904,
to the wife of Henry G. W. Dinkelsoiel, -a
son.
DURANT— In this city. October 31. 1904, to
the wife of F. L. Durant. a daughter.
KAUFMAN — In Cornin*. to the wife of
Charles Kaufman, a son.
MARRIED.
BEYER— RUSSELL— In Saa Rafael. Novem-
ber 1. l»O4, by the Rev. A. E. Ulrich, F. C.
Beyer of Sari Francisco and Hortense ' Rus-
eell of Nevada' City.
CHRISTENSEN— LAWRENCE— In this city.
at Hollv Park Church, November 2, 1004,
COLDE.V GATE ave., 93!» — Unfurnished room:
a lar#re front room facing Jefferson Park.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mi.-Mcri — Rooms 35c
to $1 ::." night; $1 50 to $G wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD. 715 — Large funny rooms at low
rates: 25c to fl day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 1207 — Furnished room to let.
HYDE. 330 — Large room: suitable for two;
private family; reasonable.
HI'GO, 531, near park — New. v sunny, modern
flat: 5 rooms ; tinted; $2T>: water free.
JACKSON. 1174— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: marine view; walking distance.
JONES. 423 — One large, sunny rocm to let.
LAEKIN, 12»— Furnished rocms to let.
LAGCNA ft.. 010. nr. G. G. ave.— Wanted, oc-
cupants for eunny handsome parlor auite;
unfurnished.
MARKET. ll>4:» fThe Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
12 50 to $7 wetk; baths; elevator.
MCALLISTER. :£:y — Newly furnished cuntiv
hack iiarlor; phone, fas and batb; borne
comfort*.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — 400
rlngle and farciiy rooms 35c to |l»50 per day,
$2 to ?h p<>r week ; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has cfnoe on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives fr*e batfes and rie-
vator rervice day and night to Us guetts.
Mli-HION. 836 — Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let.
MISSION. 2768— Nicely furnished front room
fcr re__
MISSION, 2342— Large eunny front bay-win-
dow room !n new flat, with running water
and lar_s closet; all new furniture; use of
phone; references required.
MOSS, 23 — 1 rocm to let.
O'FARRELL, 556 — Sunny furnished room;
quiet block; near business center.
PINE. 9S2— Beautifully furnished front con-
necting rooms; refined family.
POST. Sfi2 — Sunny front rooms; water, gas,
phone; $8 month; rear rooms 55 month.
TOST. 951 — Two large s-jnay rooms to let;
newly furnlsTied. Call after 2 p. m.
T.OYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellia— Incandescent lights:
reading-room, sir.ok'.r.g-rocm and ladle* par-
lor: ixorr.s r*T night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; teooth. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; roorss with hot and cold water; baths.
PANSOilE. C2I— Rocm* to Jet.
TAYLOR, 015E— Handsome sunny room, sult-
_b> 2. IS: lare^r. $10; water, bath. gas.
TEHAMA. CK — Rooms to let.
TKHAMA, 217 — Rooms suitable for working-
men or rirle; cheap; housekeeping If desired.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORT.H ST?.— POSITIVELY THE
FUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM 83 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 3C1 Sutter— New brick bldg..
finely furnished; hot, cold water, jrteam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 00 to 55 per week.
THIRTEENTH. 2C8, near Mission— Newly fur-
clshed room to let; suitable for two; bath;
j hone.
I'NITED STATES, 123 _»dr. near Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night, SI 75 to (6 week; elec-
tric llrbts (no gas), running water In tvtjj
room: elevator, read. •room; free bos, baggage.
VALENCIA. 210— Large cuany room; private
family. ] ¦
VERMONT, 443. Bear Seventeenth— Sunny
furcisbed rooms In new house.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Slarket—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to (1 50 nightly; 52 to 18 week; elevator:
elec. lishtf; n;ading-rc«ojmjjrree_bjjF^ba£gag«.
WOLF Hoiue. cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnlthed rooms for 15e per night - up; ; ele-
fant transient rooms.; 80c ' per night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receive, at
Call Branch office, cor.' Duncan & Church sta.
! by the Rev. James M. McElbinney, Edward
Uarfleld Christenpen and Leona Lucy Law-
rence, both of this city.
j RUSSELL— HAYWARD— In this city, N'o-
I vember 1, 10O4, by the Rev. H. H. Bell,
! Clarence H. Russell and Mabel Hayward.
both cf Los Aneeles, Cal.
SELLERS— HEALING— In this city. Novem-
ber 2, lf»04. by the Rev. James H.'N. Wil-
liams, G«>or_e W. Sellers and Charlotte A.
Healing, both of this city.
DIED.
Akins, William Homer, James Lord
P-ennett. Mrs. C. Leith. John
Bernsten, Kov A. Mauertian, Nellie A.
Bourke, Mary E. McLatchle, Margaret
liyrne, Henry D. Pollck. Mary
Clark. James D. Rausch Walter
Connelly. Elisabeth Ryan (infant)
Dabovich. Nicholas Beadier. Mrs. Alice
Kray. John Singleton, Mrs. .A.
Giordano. Nicolas J. Strubel. Valentine
Griffin. Bridget Trenary. Fay
Harrison, Florence Turner, Annie B.
Higgsns (infant) ' Von der Nienburg.H.
liildebrandt, Marpa- Wilkinson, Prlscilla
retha v
AKINS— In this city. November 2, 1904,
William, bt-lov»d husband or the late Jane
Akinx. and fatber of Eddie and Charles
Akins and Mrs. Edward Schuls, a native of
Ireland, aged Tl years.
E7*The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at I p. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
BENNETT— Entered Into rest, in this city,
November 4, l'.KM, Mrs. Catherine Bennett,
a native of Dublin, Ireland.
E_TNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at her late residence. 32S Hayes street. In-
terment will take place at Sacramento. . . j
BERNSTEN— In this city. November 4,* 1004, I
Roy Andrew, youngest and beloved son of
Lilla and George liernsten, and brother of
Ahira Bercr.ten, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 14 days.
BOURKE— In this city, November 4. 1904,
at her residence, 1008 Jones street, Mary E.
Bourke. beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
C. Connell. and loving sister of Daniel E.
Bourke and Joseph Conneli. a native of San
Francisco. A member of Tercea Council
No. 20, Y. L. . I. (Boston and New York
papers clease copy.)
S_r?Cotice cf funeral hereafter. •
BYRNE— In this city. November - Z. 10O4,
Henry D. Byrne, beloved husband of Ella
Byrne, and son of Kate and the late Janjp a
F. Byrne, and, brother of Frank, Walter W.
and Alfred D. Byrne, Mr*. M. K. Hubbard
and the late Geonte W. Byrne, a native : of
San Francisco, aged 39 years and <i days.
A member of International Sbingiers' Union
No. 1. . •
.rC—T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 6. at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 800 Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CLARK— In this city. November 1. 1904,
j James D. dart, aged CO years."
! B_The funeral will take < place to-day
(Saturday), at 10 a. m.. from the parlors of
. Carew & English. _3 Van N<»*s avenue. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CONNELLY— In this city. November 3, 1904,
Elizabeth,' beloved mother of William. James,
May and tbe late Simon Connelly and Mrs.
J. Johnson and Mrs. A. Hyman, a native of
County Klldare. Ireland. ¦
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
I (Saturday), at 0:30 a. m., from the ' red.
i dence of her daughter, Mrs. A. Hyman, 472
' Jessie street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem hieh mass will .be cele-
brated fcr the repose of her eoul at 10 a.m."
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DABOVICH— In thia city.; November 3, 1904,~
Nicholas, beloved husband of Mary Dabo-
vich. and loving father of Mrs. M. Slmrak.
Mrs. Tcmo Sanrentich of. New York, >. Mrs.
Nicholas F. Sargentlch ' of Portland, '. Mrs.
Adam L. Verccvlch and Dudley, Drusllla
and Stephen Dabovich. and grandfather of
Mrs. J. B. Bllafer, Genevieve and Sylaverine
Slmrak. Miltza Sargentlch and Gerald Dabo-
vich. a native of Sanovich, Uocche dl ¦ Cat-
tero. aeed M years 10 months, and 15 da ye.
IT^Krif nils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 a. m., from -his late rest-
_; dence, 2038 O'Farrcll street, thence to Rus-
sian Catholic Cathedral for services. ¦- Inter-
ment Servian Cemetery. 8an , Mateo County.
FRAY— In Oakland, November'- 4, 1004, •'John
- Fray, beloved husband of Julia. Fray - and
father of Rosie, Celia, Julia. Johnnie, Frank,
Gus and: Earl. Fray, a native of California,
aged 37 years. -'^4ratK|jPBX<(H__ff_2_<Sa_^
GIORDANO— In this city, November 4, J004.-
Nicolas J., . beloved ton of Luca and Annie
G lordano. : and , beloved - brother of -. Peter , L.
Giordano, a native; of New., Orleans,- aged
' 15 years and 18 days. (New Orleans papers
:: please' copy.) V _- J ; .. ,-'.- ¦'¦ _¦
GRIFFIN— In 1 this ; city, . November - : 4, 19O4r
Bridget, beloved wife of the late Patrick
Grifflxi, and beloved stepmother, of Mrs.^ Kate
TRAVEL
Trala» le»Te and _r« it us
/°___S^W\ SAN FRANCISCO.
I . V. T_? — i'l -' F-OM 0CTO_B« SJ. 1D04.
j WVv £3 /W
\jS (Foot of Market Street >
L.At. - MAIN LINE. -AEBIT."
7.00a V«c_Tlllr. Winters, i:um»ey 7 50*
7.0Ca Bentcla, Klintra and Sacramento.. 7.20p
7.30a Vsllejo. Xap*. Caltstog*. Saata
i:os*. Martinez. Sao Ramon 8 23»
7-30a Sll<t.Traey. Lathropf St«c_ron.... 7.20i»
8 00a Sh»»:» Exprest— (Via Davis).
Williams, Willows, tFroto, Ued
BIuiT. PorUaod, Tacom*. Senttlo 753*
8 OCa DaTlOToodlnml. Knight* Landing. -
MirysTllle. Orovtlle 7.50s*
8 30a Martinez. Antioch. Cyroa. Tracy.
Stoc'.ttoa. Xewmaa. L01 Banos,
Mendot- Armona, Hsaford.
Vlsali*. PoTterville 4,20»
8.30a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, Gnuhen Junction, lisa-
ford. Vlnsilii. P»_enaeld 450»
8 30 a Klle». S»n Jo»e. LlTermore. Slock-
! ton. (tMllton). lone. Sacrum enta.
I - MsrysTllle. Chico. llod BluIT .... 4 20»
8.30a OakdKle. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuolumne and Angels «.Z0i»
SOOa At!anUcEx?re»»-Ogdea!«o<IB«t. 5 20s»
».30a Richmond, Martinez and Wsy
Stations •••• •-... B 5«*
1000a The Orer!»nd Limited — t»gdea.
Onj»h«, Chicago, IJeaTer, Kama*
City. St. Louis../. «»»
! 10.00a V«llejo_._ l£20»
10-COa Los Angelo* Pawenger — Port
Coita. Martinez, Byron, Trscy.
Latnrop. Stockton, ilereed.
Ksrmond. Fresno, Go»hen Janc-
< tlon, Hanford, Lemoore. Vlsatla.
Bskersfleld. J.os Angeles ....... 720»
1200m Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3- 20i»
ti-COP Sacramento Ittrer Stenmen T11.03*
330P"B«nIcI». Winters. Sacramento.
- Woodland. Knights Landing.
MaryaTllle. OroTiile and way
stations l 2-52*
330PHayw«rd.Nlie»»nd Way Station*.. 760?
330P Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,Tracy,
Lattirap, Stockton, Mode»-to.
Merced. Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20»
• 400PMartlnez.SanB«m^.ValleJo.Napa. '
Call»toga. Santa Ko«» ,2s2 A
400PKIlea, Tracy. Stockton 1020a
4 J0l» Hayward. Nilee. IrrlngtoB. 8aa» t8.50A
Jose. LlTermore I Jli.oO*
BOCPTbe Owl Limited— Xewman, Los
Banos. MenUota, Frcsnu. Tulare,
_a_ert9e!d.Lo«Anzelei 8-SOa
tS30PHayirard, Sllesand aan Jote 7.20a
S.OOp Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 9 5Q*
8-OOp Eastern Ezprest— Omaha, Cbicago,
. Denrer. Kansaa City. St. Louis.
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento,
/ Col fax. Beno. Sparks, Muntelio,
_•_¦; OKden 12.B0»
• .DC P V»Ile 'o, daily, except Sunday \ 7 B9 .
7JJ0P Vallejo, Sumiay ouly f /ou
7-OGPKichinond. Ban Psblo, Port Costa,
Martlaez and Way Stations 11-20a
7-OOp Beno Pusenger— Port Costa. Be-
nlcta. Snlsun, Elmlra, I>l_on, \
DstIs. Sacramento. Sparks. Tono>
psh. Keeler and Wa» Stations... 7-SOa
80Bp Oregon _ California Expref*— 8a©.
ramentp,' Maryivllle, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Eatt. 8.50a
I.IOp Bayward, Nllea and Saa JosctSaa-
dayonly) f 1-504
COAST LI N E farrow Hange).
(Foot of Market Street)
8-16A Newark. .JcntervUie. San Jote,
Feltos, Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnx and Way Scattons 5 55*
t_-15P Newark, Cent«rTllle, San Jose,
New AImitdea.I.09 Gato*,Fe!to_,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux- aa_
Princtpal Way Stations t1f}55a
4.18P Newark. San Joae, Los Gatos. ..-|
-9-3CP Hunters* Train (Satnrday only)—
¦ San Jose and Way Station! t7-25»
COAST LI N E (»ro*.l Uaute).
flT (Third and Townseml Streeu.)
610 a San Jose and Way Stations... .1.... 9S0»
7-COa San Jose and Way Stations 5 40f»
8 CO a New Almaden (Tun., Frid.. only). 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster — San Joae. Sallnaa.
flan Ardo, Fuo Roltlea, Santa
-, Margarita. San Lola Oblapo.
Gnadalnpe, (Javlots, Santit Bar-
bara. San Buenarentura. Mon-
talvo, Oxnard. B urban k, Los
Aneeles _.... 10-30
8.00a Gtlroy. Holllster. CastroTtne. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore. Surf, Lonv
poe 10.30*
9.00a Ban Jote. Tres Plnos.WatsonTllle,
Capitola. Santa Cruz, Paclfle
Grove. Salinas. 8sa I.u> ObUpo
and Prlocipa: Way Station*. ... 4.10*
10-30a San Joae and Way Station*......... 1.23»
1i-2CASan Joae aad Way >t.itlont. ....... 7.50 3
2 .1 5 P S«n Jose and Way Stations 3 33a
SCOP Del Monte K_pre«s— Santa Clara.
Can Jote, WatsonTllle, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Groye 12.13*
13-OOp Los Gatos, Wright, Boulder Creek.
Santa Crux, vU Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge +10-45*
2-SOp Valencia St.. Sonth San Francisco.
Barilnipiine, San Jose, Gllroy,
Hoi U8l«r. Tr^s Pino* ID 45*
4 30? ?&n Jo<ie and Way Stations t8.00»
tSCOP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatoa,
and prtnclp*! Way Stations (ex*
eept Sunday) t9-03*.
|5-30p £anJo«eandPrlaclpAlWay3tatron« 59.43*
6 48P Baniet Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose, GUroy.SaHnas, Paso Uoblea,
fan Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara.
Lo* An;f>». Kemlne. El Paia
S_Loul*,Xew Orleans, Ne-wTork 9 10a
S.4SpPa]aro, WatsoaTille. Capitols.
Santa Cruz. CastroTtlle. Del
Jiont?, PacIQe Grore ~ 10-30?
16-ISp banUateo,Beresford,Belmont,Saa
Carlo*. Hedwood, Fair Oa_a>
UenloPark. Palo Alto 16.48*
6 30p San Jo»e and WaySUtions S 33*
8-OOpPalo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.30p South 8anFrancI»co. MlUbrae. Bur-
llngsme, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oa_a,
Menlo Park, and i*aloAlto r3 45s>
-1130PMayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa- Clara and
San Jo«e t9.45i»
A tor Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only
c6atarday only. b Monday only.
. {Stops at all stations on Sunday^
CALIfORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
Tl__ro_. Perry, Foot of Market Street.
SAZT FBAHCISCO TO SAZT SA7AE-.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a, m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10 (5:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trtj
at 11:30 b. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:30 p. n_
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. U:0O a. m.; 1:SO. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m_
SAW BA7__- TO SAW FXAITCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:06. 7:35, 7:5O 9:20. 11:15
a. m.: 13:50. 3:40. B:0O. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. ta.
Leave I In Effect I . Arriv*
San Fran. | Oct. S. 1904. ( . Saa Fran.
Week I Sutw I Destlna^ I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | tlon. [ days. | Daya.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a ttAOm
9:30 a Isnacio. 10: 10 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35p
7:30 a 7~ 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato, 10:40 a 10:20 _
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p «:20 9
5:10 p 8:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. - |
7:30 a " 10:40 a 10:20 a,
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 0
3:30 p 3:30 p (
Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p «:20»
Cloverdale. {
7:30 at 8:0Oa Hopland 10:40 a|10-2t) a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( and Uklah. 7:85 p| 6:20 9
I WUUta and I I .
7:30 a| 8:00 a Bherwood. { 7:35 pf fl : 20 9
J:30a| 8:00 al 110:40 a]10:20_
3:30 p| 3:30 p| OperpeTme. | 7:35 p| 6:S0p
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 at 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| GI«n Ellen. | 6:03 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:0Oa| ' " ~ 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p[3:3Op| Set-stopol. |7:3Sp|6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Ro«a for Whits Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geysenrille for Ekan*
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vlll« and Gre<p w ood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsey-llle. Carls-
bad Springs: Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and - Lake County" Hot Springs- at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Spring*.
Blue Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Tomo, Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly"*, Bucknell's. -. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springy Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno City
Fort Bragg. West port and Usal: at Willlts for
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
f r »«r. Cahto. Co-elo. LaytonYill*. Cttmminss.
Bell » Harris, Hubbard. Frultland.
Dy _ T i* Ga L b * rvnlc ' c * m 9 ¦• S»«PP*rwood. Scotia
and Eureka. *
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
-? On Sunday— Round-trip ticket, to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
.Ticket office, 65O Market street. ' Chronic!*
D'Jllaln_. -^tfgtBM m DM__nBA___a*j9_.£_pi
JAS, L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAJ*.
Gen. Manager. G« n . p_ M . Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
It. Saa fr_ui_» TjH|. lr &ut Tnatuc*
**¦ »»y» Jh^jl _fg_f^V> iiidiyr~wi7Bi r r
.......... 2 : ?^C^S_^S_| 1:3 °!* *1O:5O%
9:50a »:oOa \S2__S_^ 3:5S ? a: 35 '
l:4op l;4Sp 6:2'J? 0:33p
S»turt»;» 4:35r BamnUji Il:'ls P
- *Tia Crantj Car _t t_nahj_, to Mffl T«_«y
¦ SSS5i } •» Makkkt ST^JNorth Shore Railroad)
WTI_B } and Sausalttq P-Kky. Foot Market SC
Weekly Call. $1 ter Year
Hurley,' and, grandmother -of Harry and
Charley Ryan, a native of County /tt'aterford,
Ireland. • " . • . •
E:"Filends and acquaintances are respect-.
. fuily Invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Sunday).. at 12:Kt p. m.. fromthe parlors of
PaclHc ITndf-r'akws. T77 Mission street,
thehee.to Pt. Patrick' f Church lor services.
Interment *. Holy Cross Cemetery. , '*•''
IIARHISOX— In WVst - Berkeley. - November. 4.
1!H)4. tior^nco Aiinif, b»ioved daughter of.
. Therrea- Maris and - A.-VIdw. Harri«jn. nnd
sister of Jlarie Elizabeth Harrison; a native
of West Berkeley. •
HIGGINS— In i this city. November : t. 1001,
infant son of John and Jennie M. lllgfjlns,
a native of San Francisco. ¦ ;¦"•
HILDEBRANrvr— In Alameda. November 4.
11)04. Marearetha, beloved wife of the lato
lienry Hildebramit, and beloved mother of
MrF. James Nelson. Mrs. Dr. William C. -
Shipley and William H. HlMebrandt, • a na-
tive ori^eeste'by Bremen, Germany, ageci
64 years lo months and 4 days.' :
HOMER— In this city. November 4, 1904.
James . I*ord Homer, brother of Harriet" A.
Homer, and uncle of J. H. and Grace L.
Llvermore. a native of Ameebury, Maes.,'
aged 7(5 years.
C^'l'^Wenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend • the funeral Sunday,.
November 0, at _ p. m., from Pioneer Hall,
on Fourth street. Funeral under • the aus-
pices of the California Pioneers. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral
I car from EiRhteenth and Guerrero strets.
LKITH— In this city. November 3,-1904, John
I>eith. beloved eon of Louita and the late
Donald Leith. a native of San •" Francisco,
agred 49 years 3 months and 15 days. A
member of California Parlor No. 1, N. S.
G. \V.
B_^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend, the funeral, Sunday.
November 0, at 1 p. m.,from .the parlors
of Bunker & Lunt, 2660 Mission street, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third
(Mlsalon Masonic Temple), under * the aus-
pices of California Parlor No. 1, N., S. G.
W. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. •
MAUERHAN— In Oakland. November 3, 1904,
Nellie A., beloved . wife of John Eugene
Mamrhan. and daughter of Mrs. Amanda M.
F. Ward, and sister of Mrs. S. J. Cooley,
Mrs. Hettle A. Pulver, Mrs. Alice M. Mc-
Dowell, C. D. A. Ward and J. N. Ward, a
native of Minnesota, aged 31 years 1^ month
and 19 days.
McLATCHIE— In this city, November 2. 1004,
Margaret McLatchle. beloved sister of Mrs.
J. H. Lemon, a native of Scotland, aged
C8 years. - ¦ . . - -
D_fFuneral cei^-lces will be held at her late
residence, 3462 Nineteenth street, Saturday,
November 5, at 1:30 p. m. Funeral and; In-
terment private.
POLLOK— At Hctel'St. Francis, November 3,
11HM. Mary Tollok, beloved mother of Allan,
Margaret and Jean Pollok, a native of Scot-
land, aged 74 years. : • ¦ > •
EJrKuneral will take place from the
First Presbyterian Church, . coroer Van Ness-
avenue and Sacramento street, ¦ to-day
¦ (Saturday), November 0, at 1 D. m. Inter-
ment Cyoress Lawn Cemetery, funeral . car
leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
2:30 p. m. No flowers.
RAUSCH— In this city, November 3, 1904,
Walter, beloved son of Ernestine Rausch,
a native of Germany, agred 20 years 9 months
and , 20 days. " . . '
E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fune»al Sunday,
November C, at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
under tho auspices of Bartenders' ! League,
i Local No. 41. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. •
RYAN— In this city. November 3, 1004, Infant
child of Joseph F. and Monica Ryan, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
SEADLER— In this cltv, November 3, 190*.
Alice, wife of James Seadler, and mother of
Ruth and Eugene Seadler, a native of Louis-
iana, a_ed 45 years.
(E3"Funera! private.
SINGLETON— In this city. November 4. 1904.
• Mrs America Sineleton, mother of Mrs.
Phil Langenour_of Knights Landing. Cal.,
a native of Kentucky, aged 82 years.
STUUBEL— In t*i« city. November 3, 1904,
Valentine, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Strubel. and beloved father of Fred-
erick J.. Frank P.. Philip W. and the late
George Strubel, and grandfather of Lydla.
Marcella, Ethel and the late Clarence and
Freddie Strubel.' a native of Germany, aged
74 years 10. months and 19 days.
IC'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuhy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 12:15 p. m.. from the family
j residence, 1400 Silver avenue, . near San
¦ Bruno avenue, thence to All Hallows Church,
corner Sixteenth avenue and N street South,
for services, commencing at 1 p. m. A re.
i quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
'repose of his soul Monday. November 7,
commencing at 9 a. m.. at above church.
Friends are invited. Interment Holy- Cross
Cemetery.
TRENARY — In this city, November 3. 1904,
Fay, beloved wife of John F. Trenary, a
native of. Illinois*, aged 18 years 8 months
and 1 day.
CTFrtend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday. November ti, at 10 a, m.. from the
mortuary chapel* of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2175 Mission street. • near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery, by carriage.
TURNER — In East Oakland,- November 4,
1904 .Annie Brewer, wife of. George Chase
Turner, and daughter of George C. Brewer,
and sister of Mrs. Carl S. Newcomer and
T. Vincent and George Allen Brewer, a na-
tive of Kingston, Ontario.'
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
VON DER NIENBURG — In San Bernardino
Co. Cal.. Nov. 3, H. A. Von der Nlenburg.
beloved Fon of the late Catherine M. and P.
N Von der Nienburg. and brother . of Mrs.
G Butler. Mrs. G. Schroeder, Mrs. Hilde-
brand, W. A. Von der Nienburg. Mrs. Ida
A. M. Mangels. Johanna Roes and the late
Mrs. E. Schumann and Mrs. H. Botger, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 38 years 1
2 -months and 24 days. A member of the
Germania Club. (New York papers please
(CTRemains at the parlors of, H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
WILKINSON— In this city, November 3, 1904,
Prlscilla dearly beloved wife of John H.
Wilkinson, and eister of Mrs. J. P.' David
and Anthony Lee. a native of California,
aged 33 years. ____'Continued on Paje Founeea.
Exctemse and Bullion.
: EQver Sm *»c tower.' ' Sterling Exchaag* Is
fractionally higher.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exrhangg, «lxty day*... — U 54 H
f Sterlics Excaaage. sight — 4 S7 ,
' Sterling Exchange cables ...... — 4S8
[New Tork Exchange, sight — 07% j
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10 - i
Silver, per ounce ................ " — 33 .
Mexican DcCars ." 43$, © 4tf !
INTERNATIONAL,
New Tork oa Parts..... 5.15?* !
New York on Mext.ro ..215Vj ;
[Paris on London 25.114
Berlta on London i(K3Z^ -j
WTirat and Other Grains. !
WHEAT — Parfs futurea : were higher and j
Liverpool futures | were Iawer. '; Chicago was
lower ia. sympathy with; weaker cables ¦ - aad
I favorabl-i weather for the growing crops ta the I
! Argentine.' The Ohio State crop report makes •
Wheat 57, asraiast 81 a ywr upj; acreage. 89 j
per cent of last year. Fly damage immaterial, j
The San Fraaefsco market shewed no chaxge '
Ia the cash grain, which continued quiet, btxt i
futures were lower and dull. .The market was J
featureless all around.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. Jl 43#1 52*4; Canfernla
White Australian. Jt 53@1 C^t; ! Northera
Club J14&S1 52*5; Northern Blueatest. Jl 60
€1 62^4 t« eg.
FUTURES.
Session. 9 to 11:30 a. m. ¦
Opca. Kirh. Low. dose.
December ...Jl 4*4 Jl 4414 fl 44»< $1 44S
May ........ 1 4S14 1 4«H 1 4«% 1 4«i,
i p. at. Sessloa.
Opea. High. I^jw. Ctcse.
December— No sales; Jl 44H bid. Jl Ht$ aake.i
May ........Jl 4« . . Jl 44% Jt 4* Jl 44^
[ BARLET— Brewing descriptions continue
; very quiet, as the malsters are doing little cr
I nothing, but there ¦ Is a steady iemaLnd tar
I Feed at. malataiaad prices. Fztarss are not
i actively dealt !a at preseat.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. Jl C&81 12% : - Brewing- aad Ship
| plag-. Jl 15«1 17H; Chevalier. Jl 17tj©l 22^
•per ctL -•' . --- ¦' "- '.
FUTURES.
, Session » t» 11:30 a. m.
December— Jl Qim* " '¦'¦ ,-- .-
I May — No sales; Jl 09 aaked.
, December— ft O bid." Jl C&H asked.
¦ May— Jl C9 aaked.- •,¦.¦:¦¦.-¦'•,- ¦ .... :. .
I OATS— The sample . tables ea 'Changa are
I well filled wtth offerings, mostly- Red. aad the
I market Is quiet and unchanged. -
; White. Jl 4Ch81 56fi: Surprise. Jl 33<®1 «O:
! Red for feed; : Jt 32%<gl 43 for No. ; 1 and
; Jt 22%C1 3t> tae , No. 2; extra fine for seed.
Jl 42Uf£l 5«h- Black.- Jl 3C@1 33 far feed and
; Jl 43fit «>.f3r seed. '¦¦¦...'•....
; CORN— Very few samples: are being shown
i oa 'Change Just now. aad the market is firmly
! held at - previous prices. ¦ -- -— '"•JlinnrTiifrifrMinrMJ'
Westers aacked. JI 4501 50 for Yellow. Jl 43
: ©1 5O for .White and Jl 45 for SClxed; Califor
¦ aia large -••.TeQaw.'Jl-43Ol 3*>;. small rocad
: do Jl 23«1 e2H: Walter aotniaal: Egyptian.
: J1*35<S1 43 for. Wfcita asd " Jl 23<gl 30' for
Browa.'' • ¦' ' ' i"~ '- ¦>'-'¦ '¦' ' ;, ¦ -."¦• .-.---¦
RYE— «1 37t»®l *2H Per ctl.
-. BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at abott^ J» per ctL
Flour and MfllstufTs.
FLOUR— Caflfarnla FaaJily: Extras. J4 80<^
S ia. usual terma; \ Bakers V Extra*." J4 7»95;
Oregon aad Washington., jobbing at j-i©4 SO
per bbL '- ¦¦ ""- -
MILLSTUFFS-^Prices te pac*a*«a ' are as
fallows: Graham Flaar. • J2 73 per 10O Qm;
Rye Flocr. J3 23; ; Ry« Meal. J3; Rft» Flour,
J7; Cera Meal, J2 50; extra eream do. J3 ii);
Oat' Meal. ; J4;: Oat Groats. 1 Jt 25: Hominy. :
*.t «i>S3 S3: Buckwheat -Flour, J4 23; Craeked *
Wseat.- J3.73;; FariaaJ J4; - .-, WSote -^Waeat t
Flour. J3 30:' Rolled Omts bbts ?5 73«7 3O: ta
sacks «4 55;^- Pearl Barley J5j; Sptit -Peaa.
toxesI"J5 30: Green ' Peas, J3 Z0 per 1C-0 ths. -
'".}•¦ > Hayandf Feedstnfls. '['' ¦ ; v ; ; ; "
Quotatfcas" far"ev«trtiiss;aucii .tie.iaanv
BANK STOCKS. •
Am NU BS..I2S r» iLPt A ISO —
A=jjIo~CaI .. «3H •« i i'M'»r TraFt — 239
Bank of Cal.423»H25 iSp-S Et... SO —
Cal Safe Dp. — 12O ' S F National. — —
SATINGS BANK3.
Ger S 4 L>233T> — f Sav * L 5o. . — 1«>
Has 5 i L. — — (5«c Sav B*..- —
MutTia; Sav. — K0 lUaicaTCo-.— —
S T Sav C.«13 — .'
STKEETT RAIXJtOADS-
Califamia ..1»*H1«> ';Presftiio 8S 43
POWDER.
: Giant SSij •* tViarsrlt ..... — *H
SUGAR.
; Hxwailaa C. Wtij CZ M nxv'.l C. 5Tt£ 2S
Hotxkaa S C 13*, — I Occsaem S C. 36^ 31
Hutca S P C 1* ls>Ji Paashaa S C l*i« l«t,
KCauea S C- r«i — t
JH3CSLLANEOU3-
Ataska. P A. — OOVOceasic S Ct*. *"-i '*i
Cal F C A- S9J41W ! Pac A=x PA 4*, —
Cal Wtn« A. 7S 75^ Pac C Borx.13* 15T«i
ytV* MtTm. — 1C3 tpa,j 3TsJCx- U9
3ALE5-
Zlmlzz Scssioa. <
Board-^
S3 Hawaiian CotsI A Sugxr...... *'¦ 23
29 Racokaa 3 Co :3 <a
SO 3Csaal Electric Light 11 CO
leoOoomea Sugar Co 3O SO
ICO Paaahaa 3 P Ox-. ............ 1« CO
3 S F Gas A Electric Z* 54
13O 3 F Gas * EJectria 3« tV-i
i3 T Ga* A Cectrtc. caia SS 73
Street—
SO Alaska Packers* Atsceiatloa. . . 60 SO
SO Oceanie S 3 Co . . Z ZO
25O Paaahaa 3 P Co. 13 .*T*C
OjtOa Sacramento SI Gas A R7 U. .!.%> 23
J1.W5O Spring VaUey « per eeaC....I&4 G^
Jll.C'O Bay Conaties Power Co 5a in IS'
Afternoon Seaatca.
Board—
1C0 A2aaka> Packers' Aasociaiias. . . 99 54
ICO Hocckaa S Co .. ..... . 15 23
150 Hoockaa. S Co . . . IS SO
ie© HotLokaa 3 Co 13 3713
5O Hstchinaca 3 P O>. * TZ
ICO Eutehinson 3 P Co. » 10...... 1*> £•
5O Hutchiasca S P Co. a C. ..... 1* CO
30 Hatchiason 3 P Co. 10 en •
79 Oceanic S S Co............... 3 50
83 Paashaa S P Ca 18 ir*fc
2CO Pxaaaaa S P Co. 1+23
ICO S F Ga* A Electrtt. ..'....... 5* 73
SO Spriag Va2ey Water Co 39 CO
$4.r«".> Cal Gaa ± S: G ii i C f 9*.. «1 CO
*3.Ci» North Shore 3 per cent tH CO
J3.COO North Shore » per cest........ SS 3©
$:.."<<> North Shcre 3 per catn.. ...... M tft
J3.0C»> North Shore 3 per crat S4 30
Street—
S1.CC0 Cil Ga* tSCIttC T Sm.. » ST*,
TJnlisted SecurtUea.
30SCSXXAXSOU3 EC NTS
B!i Ask.1 Bid. JLak.
Bay CPC 8a. — lttl »S7 A NP Ssvll3 112%
B L War 6*. — 11**5 3 P C R 4s. »¦ 1C3
Cal NW 3S..113H — fs P Co 4S4*.iat; _
M C War 3».1CO •— [Sua T«l -ia ..114-* —
Ris I Wto3» — 1C5 I Do 3a V<~i —
S3* Drdk SsLllT — fScttr-st R3a.lC4 —
3CSCSIXANXOU3 STOCX3.
Ala S Co.. . — . 23 (Lao* S7 Bfe. — «•
Aater BU Co — SO (Mat Nav Ox CO —
Cal Cot 3Cls SO — fN*v Nat B'i.2;» —
C Jockey CV — 112H K 3 B. R 5s. 9*i —
Cal Powder.130 143 |N Ca: P Co. 9\ n'-i
Cal 5h4> Ox — 21 C*» Bk Sav.120 —
Cal T I * T. — 133 foaJt T CSjb.- 73 — .
Cen Bi. Oai — 73 ! IQOF HaH A. Vi —
Chutee. Co -. — 3VOr2h«uni C»- — 13*4
City * C Efc — I2f> JPacC Cas Co.133 —
Cto L larpi. — ««i'Pac Ssr Co.lOS —
East Dynnv. — 373 'Paraf Palat.. 33 — V
DptPwd pfl — M Is? Drydock. — O
Do con ..44 50 [SFA5J Coal. ITU 29
FX BSt Oax.229 — [3 J Wat O.1C8H —
Fischer Thtr SOc — ISO * 3CTrtt.I23 —
Frach-A Bi.l»7 113 iSwiaw-A E3t.-113 —
Gas Cm A.. MH 19«i'Tmck Elect.. 11*, —
Bono P Co.. 24 25 iU3 InC pfi #* O
Do pool .- — .27 f Do ecas ... 12*4 —
Mcntftag Se&j.'-a.
100 Cal Gas Jk TUetAs Corp 59 09
30 Cal Gaa i EXectrfc Coo 39 «0 '
AfUraoon Session.
10O Cat Ga» *^ETectrie Car? *> Vt
Z0 Northera. Oy Poww Co .. 9 8*1%
California Stocks and Ofl Rxchanc^.
Ofl Stccks— BM: Asked.
Associaied Trurt. Cert....... 24 2*«
Bom* .. ................ 79 7S
ladependetic* ............... 3» v 33 '. :
Xante Crlsto... .......... «•'!> 73
oa Cltr Petrsietna 37 " M
3Cisc*nane<ms —
Fischer's TSeater 73 1 09
' Bearf —
tOO Base — «»
ICO H«ne> T»
1G«> Hois* - 71
1W Hara* - 73
MOO Associated Oi! ..".^25
ttBMftBM|R£~ Aftemcca Sessioa.-
Board—
ICO Home -. - Tf»
4CO Manta Cristo TO
MJniivr Stocts. .
SAN FRANCISCO 7 3TOCK EXCHA2EGX."
Fonowtas wers'the »:» ca the Saa Fraa-
LOCAU MARKETS.
: Th* total Atrtdcmi3 ;a!.J oa aQ stocks listed
oa the> Callfarata Stock and OU Excaaccs dur>
tag the mocth c£ October were *4?.i*>\ oak
ing a grand total ot J3.C73 k 4Ca
It Is reported that the Alaska Packers*
Assodatica will shartlT tacrsas* Us capita
and wtu oCer 12.CCO shares at the- new stack
to shareholders of record ia proportion to thei r
hobUogs at rar. I: Is now betas arranged
that should the- stockholders sot eare> to> ex
ercise their option other parties win pm-ha**
the stack, aad l».Cf*> oct cC th* 12.CS0 shares
have beea already underwritten. The TtaTitri
of the. debt can then be arrsogsd for. It U
also said that the dividend will . probably b«
73c per share, w&ich woold make the monthly
divUiend payment S43.C0O. against ¦ a present
paymeat cf J4S.WXX s
It ta stataa that tha Jofes atartia Interests,
which secured cectrol cf Haaford OC Com
pany, are endeavoring to bey up the control
of Twecty-el^tt O« Company at $1» per shares
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHAXGE.
FKEDAT. Nor. 4 — 2 p. nj.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BW. Ait! . „ J BtdL Ask.
4s <tr eocp.-lC«HIMH!'*s; irr ep aew.UOS-Ul
4s <^ nx — ira^ltt^u «ir.eocpL..lCHJi —
¦ 1O3CELLANEOU3 BOXUS.'-'-
Ala A W 5s. — — [Oai T Co fa. — 121
Asso Oa 5«.» — [ Do 5s .....XK 113
Bay CPC 5a. — 102^; Do eoa 5e.lO3 10S
Cal C G 3s.lK'*i — iOeeanic S 3». 51 «O
Cal G * E g lOm. Cable <Se.l29>4 —
ta & ct 3*. SI nH.Pae O lax 4a. — 97
Cal-stC Saints — tP E Ry 3s.. — 106
C C "Wat 3s. — 3 IP4CH (LlM
EdL & P 6s.tt3 — ; P 4 O R «». 1I1VU3
F * C H e«. — — [PoweD-st es. — —
Geary-st 3s^ SO — ; f5a« ECiRSs.lOrtH — -
H CAS 3iis.IC» — (SF & SJY3a.ll.3H —
Do 5s ICO '.— .'[Sierra -R -«•.-— —
Hon R T «s.ie**i — ; S P «f A e*
L A Elee 5»- — lOBi*! .O*»1 ..... \lC*mc9iL
L A Ry 3«..113»» [¦'- OSUn .lC»*i — '
LALCoCs— — !8-Pof Cfii
Do st3 ta. — — f a9C3J5r A.lSt 1OTX|
Do ytd 3s.lCl :lC3t,J O306)Sr B- — '
LAP lcax 5s JW . — t . .GUXHtk .....1C4 —
ilkt-st C HM* — I* C912> ..... — —
- Do lea 5«.tl<t?4ll7 i«PC 1 « 5a. — —
3TS"* MtT5«.ieS HO J »taarp«l.Iff7»4 —~-
NRR of C5s.lf«i^ IS p B R «a.U4U.133>*S
Do 5» ....119H ?3 V Wat «s.l(M«& —
N P C R 5a-104»»107^t Do V< 2fei. 9!KH.le«)«i
N C Rr 3s.. — IIS - [ - Do «¦ 3dm. SOt^ —
N C P C 3». OTt$l«W - Do g- ar»c4a »H —
N S H R 5s. 84 «H'5t:t^ GAEria. S2 —
CO L4H Sm. — 110 [U C c S 3s.l«2t^ —
O "W gtd 5a»— 1WV !r»S ff ST4i. 83»i —
WATER STOCK3. ¦
C-intra Corta — 33 }P«rt Costa... — —
Harln Co..-- »-«li!T War Co. — 3»H
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Ceat'L'jfc'P." 3*% 3»JS'F G"* ' E_S«S : 57 '-~
Mutual E L. l&H U IStka'G A ET— '-.:«K
Pac L C*...5»*, «0*iir, G A JS O*'— ¦--— -
Ftrem'» Fnd.310 340 |- - "*" i
The Caited Copper Com?aaT has declare^ a
regular «emi-aanual dlvldead el 3 per eeat ca
the preferred stack payable 'November 13.
The American District Telegraph - Cuacany
has declared a dividend cf 1 per cest. payable
November IS.
La:n assessmeats are: Beraard C^aaahar
Mlaing- Company, lc. deOacueat October 22d;
Sailor CbcsoIMated M^^fny Compaay. lc. No
vember 14; Gould . Central Otl Company. Me.
November 23; New Bunker v^'-»j CS«a
paay. 4c November 23.
The Nevada Cocaty Narrow. ?a.na:a Railway
Company has declared a dividend c£ *3 ¦gee
¦har*. asocatiaar to Jt2.31'>, payahi« btae*
dlauty.
Yesterday was aa active aad tsterestlag- day
oa the Stock ant! Bccl Kxr?raag». The 5 per
,ceat North Shor* toc<ij. which defaaltcd ca
their seari-anaual iaterest November 1. scld
J5 lower at 333 tut recovered t» 334 50.
J1».«W«> setU=y. It has beea decided by tha
Stock and Botvl Exchang* that th*»e head*
shaU be quoted wtth the coupon o r 12 ZO. due
Novemlier I. attached*, aad delivery shall not
De root! without that cocpon.
The s-c*ar stacks were active aad risftty.
Paaaiaa seCta? at $15 ?7ij{J15 23. KnralUa
'at J>58 23. Oaotaea. at J30 ZO Hutchlasaa at
J3 73810 and Hooekaa at Jt5 23015 50. Gas
and Electric was ia demand at $34 50056 73.
There was nothing- especially sew ta tha
oa and mlniaar share*.
California Wtne Ajsociatioa wtH pay a divi
dend of 60c a& the 10th.
Xonh Shore Bond- Lower and So^ar
Stocks Hi^ner.
Foreign Futures.
Opecin? Z 3H 7 5H 7 4»i
Closing ........... 7 31* . . \*% .14
• " - PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar.-Juae.
Openmj ..-.. Tt 83 - 25 13
Clostay 23 70 »25 23-
FToux—
Opening ..3110 32 S3
Closing '..3115 32 9O
St. IiOnis_\Voo|_>f arket.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. ii-^Woot steady. Medium
grades combing- and dethiny. 20<S27?ic; Usht
ftae. ie©21c; heavy fine. 13@17c; tub wasted,
23«2Sc. - ¦ "
Northern Wheat >Iarket.
PORTLAND, Nov. 4. — Wheat for expert —
Walla Walla. .?ISS2c; bftiestem. S4©«5e; val
l»y, ««eS7c. For East — Walla, Walla. 33c;
bluestem, S7e. - . -j " .
WA3HINGTON
TACOMA. Nov. 4. — Wbeat. cacisanyed.
Bluestidci. S3%c; club. S&ic.
Xorthern Ba*iness.
SEATTLE Nov. 4. — Clearings. JS51.CS2;
balance* *I30.C23.* .
TACOMA-.Nov. 4. — Cleariays. J3<J1.C<»; bal
ances. J46.01&.
PORTLAND. Nov. 4. — Clearings, $742,704;
balances. S73.235. '-•"?; ._
SPOKANE. Nov. 4.— Oearances, J527,373;
balances. $41,733.
STOCK MARKET.
Flour qr sks.. 23L445!straw bales ... &
Wheat, ctls ...147.?e»Shcrta. «ks 33i>
Barler. cCa ... M.6C2' Leather. roEa .. 3M
Oats, etla ..... 32«; Tallow. . e$ls ... 34«
Cora fW*st>.ctls 6C«>iHide» Na 3T1
Beana. ska 4.04* Pelts No 7^1
Potatoes sks .. 'tt.77»' Paper. reaa» C33
Onions, ska . li?:Wlne. sals *7.f.Z>>
Braa sks !.*5<V;QuickJi:v<r Saks 332
MI.w:i=z3 ska.. 67<> RaHir*. bxs .... 2.000
Hay. toca 474 Chicory, bbts ... l»
Hoca. bales .... I57|Suxar. et^ .... 1MQ
Wool, bales .... 383'Braady. gals ... iJSM
Receqsta of Produce.
FOB FRTDAT. NOVE3rBER 4.
MISCETJLA>*EOUS MARKETS.
SUGAB — The We«tcra So^ar Refiaia« Coei
paay quotas aa fsOown. per ia, ht 10O-Ih b&n:
Cubes. A Crashed aad Fine Crushed, «.23c;
Powdered. «LICc;.Caady GranuUted. 4.10c; Dry
Granulated, fize «c: Dry Granulated, coars*.
«c; Fruit Granulated. 9c- Beet OraaulatM
?10O-Ib ba?s ocly>. 5.S0c; ConfectJaners* A. «e;
MagnoHa A. 5.«0c; Extra C 3.20c; GoUea C.
5.40c; "D." 3.30c: barrela. 10c atere; half
barrels. 23c more; boxes. SOc aicr»: 50-C» bax«
10c sun tzr all kiads. Tablets — Half barrelaC
&50c; bcxea. &73c: K. t E. Crystal Demotes.
dc per Ib. No orders taken for leaa »*»»»
seventy -ave barzels cr its equtvalcat.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7*i©
7«ic c« Ih; WhlU Lead. 1140^*6. aeccriinx
to quantity
OILS— Ltsseed Is 2c lower. Qsocatiocs
are for barrels: for eases add 5c; Lia
*<r»>i. 31c per (alba for btdXed aad 4J«r
for raw; Cutor OU. in cases N«v 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases.^JI 1«|1 12i Lneol. SOc far
batted aad 4£e for raw; China Net eases.
fi&eSOc per rxTioa: Coooaast OU. ta barrel*.
S&s fsr Ceyloa aad 52c far Australian; extra
bleached wtater Sperm. OU. 83c: natural winter
Sperm OU. «3c; extra bleached wtnter Waal*
OU. 37c; natural WbaZe Oil. &2a: extra water
•trained Lard O<1 73c; No. 1 Lard OU. «3e;
pure Neatsfoot OU. 73c: Na. 1 N#ats*oot OU.
«3c; Ba-ht Herrin* OU. 42c; dark Herring OH.
4«e; Salmoa Oil. 34c; botled FUh OU. 37e: raw
Fish OU. 33c; faoUed Palat OtJ. 33c; raw Pains
OU. 31c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU. ta bant.
13c; Pearl OO. ta cases. l»ti«: Astral. I3ha
Star. 13Hc; Extra Star. 24c ; Elaiae. 28e: Eo
ceae. 23c: Decdorized Stove GtuoUae. la bulk.
16c; ta c&sea; 22VsC; Benzine, la balk. 13c; 13
cases. 13*ic; £0-deg?ee GajoUae, la buli. 23c;
in cases. 31c
TURPENTINE: — 81c per gallon ta cases acd
75c in drums aad trcn barrels.
BAGS — Grain. Bags. S&@5 23; Saa Qtsentla.
$4 SO; Wool Baxs. 30632:; Fleeca Twia. ZH-:
Frelt Baca. 8^®7He *-r watt* aad 7c fai
browa jute.
CtzAL— WeClaa-tan. M per tasz New W*I
liftytoa. JS; Seattle, J9 59; Bryant, ti 5->:
Beaver Bin. 13 50^ Rosiya. J7; Coce Bay.
J5 54; Rlchmoad J7 ZQ~. Cumberland. J13 ta
balk aad J14 25 la sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Eg» JI4,- Welsh -Aathrasata E*». *U:
Weiss Lamp. Ill 80; Caanel. S3 yer taa; Ccke.
Ill S0f&13 per taa ta hu!i aad JI3 la sajka;
Rocky Mocatatn deacrlptlaBa. Is 6*> per short
General Merchandise.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Nov. 4. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. ltSO<X Steady. Native steers. J.J 7C©
9 25: cows and heifers. 32 50©*: Western steers,
J3.-64 5O: Texas steers, J2 75®3 73; range cows
aad heifersk J2 25423 4O: canners. Jt 73<e* 15;
stackers, and feeders. S2 30@4; calves J.1af5 30:
balls and stapj. J175<g3Si--
H0G3 — Receipts. 45CO. Market a shade ta 5c
higher. Heavy. J4 ?7»i i e5; mtxsd. J4 %7V^
4 92H: IUhC «S3©4 92^; pfes, J4§4 73; buli
of sales. *4 S7^t&* Mri-
SHEEP — Receipts, 25CO. Steady. Western
year!in«a. J4<g4 35; wethers. J3 *5<@4 23; ewes.
*3 50^4; comnoa and stocxers. J2 50*310;
Iambs. J4 75©5 75.
HOGS — Receipts. SCOi. Steady. Bulk of
sales. *4 SO@5 10; heavy. J5 OfrpS 20; packer*.
54 3O§3 10; pie^ and Iigrht, - J4 30»e5.
SHEEP — Receipts. lCfiO. Strona-. •" Muttons.
*3 3r^4 2O; Iamba. J4 23fi5 70; raaye w-thers,
J3 50<g4 40; ewes. J2 75#3 75; Colorado sheep
an.l yearling-s. 100 pcends, $4 20; Colorada ewes.
101 pocadj. %3 70u
Omaha.
Kansas Otj.
K.KN3A3 CITY. Ma.. Nov. 4. — CATTLE
Receipt* 3CC0. Mirfcit st«ady. Native steers
$3 5O©»5 25: catlvs cows and heirers. K 23*34
fccUa. Jl 75^3 23; calves, J2 25<£5 50: Western
steers. J3^4 50; ¦ Western cows. Jl 50i@3 25.
SHEEP — Receipts. 8WX SSeep. slow; lambs.
tincnar: zmi. Good ta choice wethers I i 3S<Qt
4 T3; fair to ehoice mtx*d. J3 5>')@4 25; "Weatem
sheep. J5®4 55; native txmbs, J4©5 70; Western
lambs, J3 75(65 50. -
HOGS — Receipts: To-da.y. 13, COO; to-morrow.
12.O «>. Slow. Ready. Mixed aad butchers.
J4 3Og5 20; g&y& ta choice heavy. J5 0&85 23"
wugh heavy, J4 7CC* SO; Ujht. Ji SO@5 13; bulk
cf sal«s. J4 9«)@5 10.
CHICAGO, Nov. 4.; — GATTLE — Receipts.'
COCO. Steady. Good ta prime steera, J3 1OS37-
F»ior to medium. J3 80^5: stockers and feeders.
S2-34 15: cows, $1 5»Ws4 40; heifers. Jl gMC 13;
•cann«r3. Jl ZZ<83 25; bulls. J2#4 »; calves. S3-9
7 23: Texas fed steess, J3 73<S5; "Western »te«rs.
JZS«Mf5 15.
CATTLE, SHEEPA.YD HOGS.
Cbica^o.
CHICAGO. Not. 4. — On the- Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market waa firm
creams. 15<823c; daty, 17Siac E?ss ttrong
at mark. li'-t-SVi^.;; Sxsis. 20e; prime ftrsts.
23c; extra*. 25c. Cfa'ws^ steady, IC@10%e.
Batter. Cheese and Egss.
HOGS— Live Ko«r* 14-> tit 254 Ib*. i\,%l\c:
uader 14O lbs. 4Sg4'-,c: soft Hogs, not waat
ed; Sows, 20 per cent eff; Boars. 5O per eect
off. aad Stacs. 4O per cent - o£ troa. ahov>>
quotations. v
The faDowlsa- quotation* ar* for Tood. somnd
Livestock. deUv«red la Saa FraitcUco. less 40<9
45 per cent shrinkage far Cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers. 7*ie7*»c; Cows aad Belt.
era. SHtr^c; thla Cows 4g5c per Ih.
CALVES'— 4®4*ic per Ih (xross weijht.)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3?ie3?ie; Bwea. 2S3'^3
per Ib- crroes weight.)
LAMBS— J2 50^2 73- per head.
DRJESSED ITSATS.
Wbolesale rates £roc=. *la -«hter»r-j ta deaien
axe as ffoCows: - ..
BEEF— 4©7c izr Steers aad 4£3c per It
far Cows.
VEAL— Large. 5"^?7c: <r^n. 7$9e per I>
jnrrrON— Wttaers. ;g7H«: Ewes. «©7c p«i
pouad.
LAJCB— «©t)c per Ib.
- PORK — Dresse<j Hacs. ASSc per Ii.
LIVESTOCK 3CABSET-
Meat Market.
. There is no further ehans* t» regert ia this
rrarket. " , .. -.
B«ans and Seeds. r t :1
There are anmersus efferiag* ot weather.
stained Beana ea 'Chaage now, aad" they con
tinue to deter tmyera from taking hol>i ot the
market, which continues dcH at prices which
ehow tittle change.
BEANS— Baycs. 12 75«3; Pea. «t 1&63 2»;
Batters $2 7S©3; saiaU VThtte. *3 154S3 33;
Urye White $2 40g2 e5; Ptak. Jl 75(63 15. ac
eonilsK to canditlco: Red ST234?* 50; Lisa.
14 I*g4 20: R*d KMaeyj S4 5Og4 73; Blaci
{ eyes. 12 eo@2 7£> etl; Horse Beaas, $1 S3
©2 40-. .
SEEDS — Browa Mtatard. *4 73<g3: TeCow
, Mcatard. « 25^ Flax." J2@2 T3; Canary. 6%
i ©7c: -Alfalfa. . 15ii©18%c; Rape. lHgiV-:
! Timothy 5*ici Hemp. 3^©3%e per Ib; Millet.
I 2*s€3*ic; Broom Corn Seed. *»<92t per ten.
{ DRIED PEAS— Ktles, tl 73<g2 50; Greea
j Peas. JI tzez SO per ctJL
1 Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables, f
f Trade ta Birrfcaslc Potatoes Is of a U?ht
! jofcblns ' character, aad as receipts ccatiaae
}' larre the nrarfcet roles weak at Irrecalar
\ Crtcea. Ctely a . portion of the dally receipts
I of rtTer Bsrbanks «-qr» be caed oa local ac
¦ const ami. aa there L3 no ggr-.anfl frscx cot
• sbie points, the *urpl23 stock, i* steadUy ac
¦ enngia tiny. Sweets were easier, two cars ot
'. fresh stock, being marketed. OafCEa wer»
. Cmiy held at nacftarrged rates..
: Receipts of TesetahlM frota acres the hay
[ arrived late aad the market was «teady daring
[ the early trade for everything- except I Tooa
1 toes and String Beans. Good Tomatoes sold
i from 1 25c to 40c per box. bat the tatter was
> aa extreme figure and obtained ca!y far «*
! I«cted tots, l+niitng lots were ofierln* dowa
ta ac pe;- box. bet foand few takers, acd iarga
q-aaatities had. to b* thrawa away.
POTATOES— Burbanis from the rtrer. 40©
70c per etl; 3altnaj Burbanka. tlQl 30 per etl;
River Reds. 75@33c per ctf; Sweet Patatoea,
73^6«)c per ctl .
ONIONS— Jl 25©1 73 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Strtas Beaas, 1®2H« V*T
j Ifc; Wax Beans. 2£3c per Ib: Tt~n* Beans,
; 4*4 €30 per Ib; Tomatoes. 10<84Oe per best;
Smnmcr Squash, S1Q1 23 per box; Cibb.ur?, 65c
per ctl; Carrots 73e per sack: Cncinnbers. 4O8
; 63c per-box; GarQc. 4%i©4tic per Ib; Esa:
¦ Plan:. 23<84-0c per box; Dried Peppers, roo
' inal; Green Oitra. €0©75c per box; Greea.Pea
¦ pers. ZZQSOr. per box; Marrowfat aad Habb&rd
; Sqcash. |10<@12 per toe for rf?M Iota.
t Poultry and Game.
I Trade ia Poultry was qal*t aad the market
*t waa very weak for everything ta th<s ehlck*a
{ One. The sixth ear o£ VTeatera stock fcr th*
; mule was on sale and the receipts froca do
srestlc poiat».were aearty 1C0 ccops- AH kinds
f of Western chiexecs sold at the same prices
I as Callforafaa wtraa saiee were isade. a=<!
¦ quite a •crpl33 ct both Western aad Iccal
I had to be carried over. Live Turkeys aad
j Geese coatiaoed ia gcod demaad aad arm at
f the recently revised quotations. Three cases
j of dressed Turkeys eazaa ta aa<2 sotd at 20>9
¦ 2Sc per pann<i as ta qcality. Game arrived
; freely, bot met with a brisk, demand, aad moat
i kinds of "Wild Decks were quoted higher.
POCLTRT — Ltve Turkeys, , 18©15c for old
f aad 21$23c per V> far yoca?; G*ese. per pair.
i$150@2; Gcsllass, J2@2 25; Decks. $4 5O@5
t per dozen far old aad $3<S« for yctas; Heas.
( ti'ci Z0 for small aad f."'£-j 50 for large; young
} Roosters. 334J5 50: old Roosters. S4-34 5O: Fry
! ers «@4 50; Broilers 92 5G63 50; Pt?-ons.
i $1 5Q; Sqaabs. I2«2 25.
GAME — Maltarf Dacks. S3.^4 ; per doxea;
t Caava^back. i-l'dti: Teal. S- 5OS3- Sptiy. tZ Z>i
\ ©3; Widgeon. *1 5»l«2: Red Heads. *2©e 5*>;
; small Ducks. 31 Z<-<iil 73; Gray Geeae $3 20;
i White Geese. $1 5«>©2; Braat. Jl 50<S2 53;
; Honkers. J£#5; Saise. |3 for English aad
j Jl 5<> for common; Doves. Jl 25; Hare Jl 5O
i 91 73; Rabbits. 1 1- for Cottontail* aad Jl 50
for Brush.
Butter. Cheese* and E^gs.
It was supposed that vCn the price " of
fresh Butter sot down to th* basis of Eastera.
aad cold-storage groods the retailers, after
cleaning cp their own tndtridsal sucks of
cold storage, would taro ia aad bay fresh.
and that clear oS. the recent excessive accoma.
!atioc but this exrectatioa is beia^ over
turaed by seme holders of stored cases, who
have becua to offer them at »t!U tower prides.
Of coarse, it will be readily seen that if hcM
r ers of stored cubes ke*?p oa lowertny their '
[ price* as fast aa fresh goods ?et down to their i
1 level there is no kaowtng- where the market for i
! fresh will eventually jra. Testerday cabes I
h#retcf.3re h«M at. 22ft3c were offered down j
to lO^^Qn. 'to the situation is hy ao> deans !
cleared. a« was thought a day or two agtx
: The feelin? in fresh gtiods was noc as de
pressed aa It ha* been, bet the demand con
tinued very stow. -aad sellers .were stilt wtll
! tor ta give bayeri concessions to g-et rid. oC
I their. Iar?e acccmu!a.tlocs.
The Cheese market . ecattaises in gzoi con
ditioa far s«U-rs. stocks, beiag well cleaned
cp aad prices rclis^ trsi.
The eoBtlaced advance la rasch Ezra ' »»¦»« !
faegna ta affect the cotssTnaptton socsewhat :
I and. though the mai<jclty of houses still report
I themselves cleaned up. ceveral say that they 1
I now have a few boxes left over. Still, th* ;
¦ market rules firm at the advance and there [
la no disposition to shade <tuotatksc9 ta eCect !
I sales. ; :
Receipts were 38.6CO Its Butter. 544 ease* !
Eg?3 aad 17.3CO Ihs Che«s«.
. BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 214tJC3e
far extras aad 19<g21c for lower to m«~iium
grades: dairy. 17€2Cc: cold storag--. 19^21c;
; store Butter. 14gl6c: Eastern cubes, 15#2iV>c-
I Eastera ladle-packed. 15fgl8c
CHEESB — 12©12^ic for - choice mild new
and log lie for old: call storage. 104§llc;
Touas Aaiericaa. UHfi"c; Eastern. 'lCiSlSc
per la.
EGGS— Ranch. i<i£ tTUc Use larys waits se
lected. 42^643c few sood to choice aad 37 U 9
40c for common; cold storage, 25i©30c; East- 1
era. 25<e;7c for ehoice. 22Q24c for standards
aad IS-g-Jlc for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrns Frnits.
' Trade ia Apples waa moderately active oa
local aad aear-by accounts but with stocks
ttiU BawteMy there was coetlaaed weaiaeaa
ia the fancy aad common grades, while me- :
! dium-prtce«l stack was ia comparatively liarht i
I supply and firm. T«ra. more cars of fancy ¦
stock, chiefiy of the Ben Davis variety, wen I
received from Oregon and were placed oa sal*
at the Sax price of Jl per box. The tap quo- j
t tatios cf Jl 23 was still obtained ia a small {
I way far th« ordinary run of fancy stack, but )
i holders of - Espcrted fruit were wffliasr to fill j
i Urse orders at tha ctset price of $1 10. Extra ;
i faacy Spttzenbei^s frsra Oregon were still |
I firmly held at Jt 50©l -€3. but sotci very*
I «Iowty. Christmas Apples that arrived frsca j
PlaoerviOa several days a^o were off szing aX j
i J2 25 per box. aad a few lets were disposed
; of at that figure. ' Other deciduous fruits *"»<1 ;
': no noteworthy change, supplies of an deacrip- I
I tions fcelair w«a up to requirements. Barrio
were slightly hlyher under U?ht receipts. Sev- I
• eral •mail lots of new crap Navel Oranges >
: were v received and well -colored offerlaxs met
I Trith a fair demand at the outsida quotaUca. !
1 STRAWBERRIES — (7910 . per chest far I
' Loca-worths and J2®& for the largv varieties.
RASPBSaiRIES— i»g8 per chest. -
HtTCKLEBERRIES— «©Sc per Ib "- ".
CRANBERRIES — Eastern. JS$3 SO per bbt
¦ for Early Black and J1O for New Jersey aad
: Cape Cod Late Red; Coca Bay. SI «^ 73 per
ibex.
APPLES — Jl 5O91 €5 -for extra fancy. tt&
! 1 25 far ordinary fancy. 5Cig9Oo far cfaotcs and
; C3<©-40c for commca.
t PEARS— Winter NelUs. J1C1 23 per box;
• eeokla* varieties. 4dg73c per box.
PERSHliION3— eo^SSc per box.
POMEGRANATES— M©«0c for KaaH aa<J
J1S1 73 for Unre boxes,
r QUINCES — 20<e40c per tcx.
FIGS— 50®75c per box.
1 GRAPES — Table varieties 50@73c -far
. crates, : 30©30c for small boxes aad Jlgl 50
I for open boxes. . » ...-.-
I CITRUS FRUITS — Oraas^s. Navels J3S3 75
j per box; Seedlings. J2©2 25; Varencia3 (old
crop*. J3 50i@4.; Lemons. J2 50<83 for fancy.
! Jl 75*32 25 for • choice and • ¦ SI 25©1 50 - for
stoadards; Grape Trait. J2®2 50; M»xicaa
: Limea. J+®4 50 per case; Bapanaa. $2$3 per
? bunch for Central American and 73<sg$2 for
! Hawaiian; Ptaeapples. %Z Z*)iQi per dozen.
I Dried Fruits. Xnts. Rafcfns. Flone j. :
FRUITS— New crop — Apricot*. ¦ . 7% t?10c tx
Royals and. 9®12c far McxKparks; Nectarines. >
6%t?1H<i --tar White rand 6^6'c far Red;i
Peaches. 7»4^Hc Per tt; Pears,' 7©12aj*
Plums. , pttted. «©ft^c far black. 7l»€S«4«
;for red and 7&3*ie for yeOow; Flga, 2-erowa
brtcks. 50c; 3-crown. 55c: 4-crawn. «0c; «
(crown. €5c; tuGt^ white 2^'63c; " black. 3*ic
' Evaporated Apple*. 5®7c per, Ib. '¦
PRUNES— l%fil%e per Ib for the faur sixea
aad 2*ic baaU far th« Urre sixes.
RAISINS^-1304 crop f. «.' b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. J2 25452 50; Dehesa. Jl 30@t 33-
LcndOB Layers. SJcSJl 10; Loose Muscatels. 4.
', crowa. 4%e: : 3-ctowb, 3%c; 2-crown. 3^e-
S«eded. 4-S3?ic; Thompsaa's Seed^esa. 4Vc;
Seetll*3s Saltaaas." 3»4c per Ej. ~
NUTS— New Walnuts. Na. 1 softshen. 1*9
12Hc: No. 2. lOglO^ic; No. 1 hardshell. 12a;
No. X.' 10c; Atmonds. l*S17e far Noaparieli
14®lJHe far. I X L. 13<!*14c far N« PMs Ultra
aad lie for Laasnedoc; Peaaats. . C57c fcr
Eastera; Pecans. 11813c; Cocoaauts, J4 50C3-
Chestnuts. S4gl2*Se per Ib.for Caafarala aad
12H^14c for Italian. "
HONET — Comb. 11 H ©13c for white and l»a
lie far amber; water white extracted. 5UO
«c; B«ht: amber 5#5?ic; dark. -'39
4«4c : ' ¦¦-"-•¦ ¦' •¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ .-¦ , -.
BEESWAX — 27®2Sc per Bs.
Provisions.
.Dull aad - featareleas markets are reported
thrcuxhout the .West, and the same coadttloas
pruvitl h«rs. irM *1jJ *. llMHIMmiiaj
CUBED KEATS — Bacoa. lie ' per tt for"
heavy, , He for ' II ?ht ¦ meciinai. 13tjc fay nrht.
14Sl*^a e ' tar extra .•H^ht.aad,. 15c. for J suzax
eured r_ dry : Salt Sides. .. 10c; - Bemes. :: »il c -
Eaatem sasar-cureii Hanrs. 13ei3*jc;,CaIifor
aU, Hans*. ISH'&lS'f e: ; Mess . Beef. - J10fil» 5»
per Mil; , extra Mesa. J10 5fl«U: Family. Jl*»
12 50; ptUaa^Mcsa .Fork.'- J14 SO;; extra elSr.
• *¦ ... ¦ . -¦' • ; ' - . : - ¦- ' - •-.. . ¦'- -¦,«--¦-
Cash Grain and Provision*.
CHICAGO. Not. 4.r-Ca*h (motaxicnj were
.% follows: FIscr,^ easy: No. 2 spnnar wheat.
«. lc<gi 15; No. 3. Jl ©21S1 U%; lio. 2 redT
$1 15%^1 l«^i; Na. 2 corn. 54ijcr Not 2 y»I
taw. 5*5a«;*N.9..2 outs. 2»i4ei Xat 2 .wnlte.
32c; No. 3 wnite. SD^SSl^c: No. 2 rye TS^c;
good feedinc barley. 37g!38c; v fair to choice
waiting, 41^520 ; No. 1 Jlaxsaed. $1 10; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 lft; nies» porlt. p*r fchL
Sid &5©11; Urf, per lCt> IS*..S787 OCH: short
rihs sides aooee). J3 57^4^7; "short clear* sides
iboxed). . J7©7 12*i; whisky, basis of hish
wines, '$1 24; clover, contract grade. ."$12-
Articies— Recef^ta. Shipments.
Floor, bbts ...... 2O.CCO ' 13.5O5
¦Wfeeat. bn 35.CW 12.400
Corn, ba ie!3.10«J 14,7CU
Oats, ba 1C2.90O e2 T 2«»
Rye. bu S.ei» "' *¦ 3.4GO
Barley, feu (K^SOO '. " liJOO
x ' —
SVilMJLRi: OF THE 3CARKET5.
Ve\r York stocks Irrrraiar. wilia bird
c<^s> dfcreasiz^.
\trtii <5 licrr Qsnt!s <ia lenrer- Sngar
-:.«¦>¦ >-!:•«• rmd hiih<~r.
?i:v-.-r «3gcltred *»c S*e*ilxssr FiHw»J.e
!.ijcxrs rrggOX -change
r.Tse*!. Bark7, Oats aad Oam «jxd«?t
[Ixr »sd Braa vreak. Bcaas depressed
by <£im*g.vd jtoci.
.^«}t*2ors stffl la bcavy st^f^T and
r\^uia> qiAt acKl ntat. Wild Dacks
i rcix m'^^'t socady cad ia t^ir shape
fcr seOcr^.
Ciorr nfli «lep«sscxl by b«avy stocks.
Xaede cc-i Egs* ia light sapplj «3id
i*rcrislca)ts <aill and TmebMDg&X, here
asd elsrraianr'.
.Voci. Hops s=d H5dc» firss.
So farthrr «>jj^^ in Bed. llnaca ca-
Peri.
itrtirrd OH ujulrd down Sc j«
Ictrrml Buemie Ooiic-rtioos.
The C3iiei.-tiJB» of iairt-sal jei iiim ta -Ji*
" » - Fnasss i.rt .-. t <bies -_i- saonca of
-rtober. 1*C4. wrr» aa fai^wa:
Sn» rt35 25
5^rtr? 102.;*) 41
rv *x!t lyfiO ...--------•-•¦.*-«-•-• 4^»!S3 39
3«a.-» aad cttarsesea 2*. 704 24
S w«
-»«« - - *3^
.<ur» t !¦ 'ir~ ... ; - - - . 9 9>
*-A7ia« m--is 7 94
Total — 3255.106 53
T*e OL-U«etian» in October. 1308. were J3*S.
: Is that tawnta the fnTbnrr»n«a oa i~.r-.is
"— »:.%?:> acd ST^.123 aa beer.
L.\STEI1-V M.U1KETS-
\~nr Tork Money Market.
SEW TOEK. Xsw. 4. — Clooe: Moaey an
¦*£„ •¦ •* : r r^r- '¦> per cenr; r\rmjim bid aad
'. -- tr»ra. steady. Sixty aad aiaety days,
l m per oent; slx rtnrtThK. 3%.
Prs« ajearantCe paper. 404% per ceast.
Stsrttac exrhange. Sra, with actaal tisl
---.- ta -.£-a»-s ;_.".5 at S4.«£45^t_«6&0 for {
--.!,-: . - : at t4.ag7Sgt4.C7S for sixty days.
¦--•-: -*:-<. S+ »«•¦, --t.-^ asd J4.-7-..
:.t=i=ier=al •--<"¦». »4^«J%t>4.S3%.
Ear «C-rer. 5»c.
jdexscas doCaxz, 4«%e.
Sew«tssacaa beads, steady; railroad beeda,
rrtffslar.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TCRJC. N«r. 4. — There waa accae Tery
trx* prsCeaalaeal aperacaxs ta stacks to-day,
rimiS were attrtbatad to axwexilatrv* pcois. aad j
hass advaaeea mslatit The iadagLTJla ii- j
i-ried siscii cf t!>» ats^ntica «f the cratiera. ]
.= i were r«DeraIly stroca-. The railroads were
e-:aiedjr in the baci^rcssd. One cr two pt;ists
¦£ itr>»^r^; appfcar^l sjsoc* the=s. bat the
s-Iroed scjAj ggaerally wert Inclined ta sag. !
J*ci2iM w«.\ lisiaed. however, the strength 1
2. ctaer .-*.—.=.-» exersiam* a "^i\l-'^r ef- I
e>rt- I: was tie «-e=.erai «app<iaitjGa taai sach j
. ffarotwe wsji deatsa^d cy th* sromucers at
S* aii-ramre». The *c!>i-s:n« tn£3«iee o< the
-f~ - • r z **"^tioc vu plamiy cjdtremiUe in tne
...- r.-;:=j.u-ic ts Ejk< cocs=es.u on tie scale
rt<t:y ccazon^ry. Tte mum ia ta« :*
-^.".¦-ti.y bracgat aboct »o=ir jeaiiaaa- ia the
ifrW» bet it was act onrftic The proai
ssst Ieai<rs of tie sseciauoc were accred
:ed. wtrh a PBZSOM ta hotl ca a re
uced vr^ise cf busfn»ss far tne treaeat. The
¦gsryailve atr»H^rti: «f th-» Ualted States Steel
txio farsaed a broa>l aaderlytaar ggjmact of
he w&ote TTiTKet. Tb* ootxmxx scocic toojK
rece<ieiic» <rver me pr^.erred twea. ia tae -rol
-"- '-' :-i.-r r» «.- ; :- tae i=-A.:; c* i^»
a^a. cur beta «i>:Jc» tocci»J new hi^h leveis !
tie BMMBB^ alljwuijr far the liiTi-iend ¦
r — <"t -:a.xe ?:a tie trRf^rred stocx yesterday. ;
"he otier iron aad. steei szocix were aitected I
a aja^aihr. "-z. account of the acccsns rivea 1
ct cf the very rctwtan'^al xrewts ot orders
¦eatvetf Car rariou» rra-Jes cf the prctfurt. j
¦utside cf these th*r» was a >w2i«nn? array 1
C *-i ittads .jf ladaemal ctocks. »xat of tiieo |
t'-lirs . at arnrrnal ftjTires. asd eoc» of taesi^
ciauci Trair*ra: ttcir ajrpearance ia tie reccrd .
t tra=**ctitfa». Tter« was an news to ac- 1
«irt ->r th<eir raddea surriaff cp frota a '
«di=Lfntary state, bet th«s BfesnaacSt spread j
at^r»i:y whea U was fauiy started. Procrws 1
¦ wxri this pcint !a the mark*: has b«es. «eea j
1 tie n?ccnt cscj4.-it:7» prccaiaence ot low- ]
rtced r; - -: ? • . • .-. - ia the »; -:-.*:.-.. The |
:osrr niarict cxc.t^:=«d traa^-^iL W lien tie j
ctaaad iiie too* was «asy. -»4ta ¦.£...•¦ i
te Cnired States Steei stocics at the best 1
ncta.
D--.=.is «»re trr<?r=lar. T=tai salea, *?.C55.00O. j
"¦c:t»-i ?^.tss t'-Tids w*-r» C2':ta=jt*l on call. !
»w York Stock List.
E. F. H=tr.- c & C=.. 43« California street, '
fan Frasciaec, m«nt«is cf tie J.'ew lorlt ¦
¦tock r^' ~f*_ I-^msA tie iclUiwinj: cdclal i
™UCtati«iIL» Cl liat T^-ir^^.^^y ;
; SzcrjLa— .Eieh.Lcw.i Bid. I AsicI j
CS.^Xr.Ana^ Copper... I 73%| 72%; 73^' 73% \
Ad Can Co * , i «%> 1
I 00 cfi • 1 i 4a*; 4s%
1.0m, Aa Car A Fy Cc\ Zl ¦ 224; 27 ; 27i* I
SflOj Do pii _. i **i-: *4 , HU s5 f
«wj.As: Ortrca Cal..i 31%, 31 • *»fJ 31% !
Do tTd , i 35%j 87 j
Ac DM TW....; !..... f 25 ! 2T '
A=. Express .... I j.....[20« :202 I
A= Gr Twiae Co j ; 71,. XH]
*= * L ---i i i 5%: 5-,!
j-x> pfi j ; j 21 ; 2_~. 1
UOUjb Ice ..1 6%; *^ •?(£«%
3i«; Do pld ¦ 36a; 3« j 35% _.,
Am Liiaeed ....*... .! ! 13 14
i Do pt£ j [ 24 S»
1.T0O A= L-ucotnotiT*..; 2» j 271, 25%, =»H I
*»1. 0° P« •*««! «^% «%i *'H !
... Aa Malt , I I & j 544 j
IOC; Do pa 27 a |' a ~>
:-M- A= td A Ef Cc 73% 73S
i.^..; do ?fi 4ur%: jm [xoZ'\
2».2t«;A=j &=*ar :i*«i, 144%.145%.14S^ j
1.00O; Do ptd il33V137% 13SV14* -'
.Ara Tei * T Co.! j 'lilU '142% I
2C^A=r-Tcb pfd lt4 ;144 l«i,iu
SttJUs Woden |.1S j 17%; 17%; U5f1
WO Do p« ., j S4%, Mfc S4%! M 1
4.800. Asaesada ! 1X%,1&4 ilO*%,106
Asa Arbcr ' L. '35/ 1 33
i Do F*d ; f f e> «4
1T.400U. T A S F ' 85% S3% 65%. fc-% j
23O« Do pfi 191% 101% 101 ;i«%
a.«».Ealt A Otto....' S6^[ 94^! 94% 1
I : OOVH ------- I i »3 i 93%
Say fctaie Gas..).....* < 9.33
r.tao:3 e t 1 er-ij c% c:?,; «7 H
i iErocx Ua Gaa..'..-...| 229 '224
iEmns D A I...S 1 4 j fii^ {
¦ jButtertck Co ...j 50 f si |
.._.-. Canada So .l.J 1 S%| « :
I»,Ca=adias Pac -. 12»%jl2*% m#&2>« I
..I^iS::::::::::.^...^!! fSj
f Do P£i (» E
!C A E I pfd....! J |13O 'l45
C I A L pfd 1 { j <*} j 90 j
X00O;C A G W ! 23%! 23%! =3S,i 23
SOOt Do pfd A ( C2%! «2%j C' I 63^ I
**- S l S? B i 3*%; S4% 34 1 34%
! Do defee. t m t g
»»CtXW 1M ;i93%'l34 , : 194%
S.SO0 ( C M A St P.... -171% ¦l7o£:i71H!l71%
f Do pfd ! 1. jisi !t«4
¦I.aooc P. I A P (new?- 34 * 23%! 33%i ij^i
( Do pfi ! 73%' 73 j 7T%i 73
: Do 4s f ; 1 75%! 7(Tii t
1<W Do p*d 137% 37% 37 [ 37i? !
! Do pM J ; 1x12 1114
! Do pfi f «... 90 1 120 1
i: -^. c^ I S3 * £*\ &\ «* !
»M Cotm H C A I. 1 14W' 14 J :4V4 ; 'lli: I
4.500 Colorado Sa : 23%i 22=. 23 ' •£il\
2.7*»Cc=aoltiated Gas 217>-. 216 '21««v «ir f
l*'Cw Tsb pf; ¦ i I24*; 1 12«% < l-4 i r 23
B?i 1 m g Bf& !
.'DLAW ;325 !3» iaj SM I
!D ABO t i t 301-i sflss I
*0f> Do pfd t 52%! 82^' 82*i f»-"-«4 !
p- x a Ft d.i.t:!: _^j 2^> i
riWjgnrfcnt fa Ry „} TS 75 fi^t =-^ j
•"i 1 *^-^ "- *" *** *^; '=
«... ..1 ix> p^^ __ y _ ,,1 _ I ; fcj. t &t ' 1
. ~~fe*?z** »ia* ] C.":\v**\i£*\
«K Dts gecar bcada!.. f j 75 ' 5fi
....JD^th S S A A..! {...."( li%5 !•!? I
I E>o pld ! •. ! nv -&i '
-3» Do l«t pfd ...Itth: 72** n%| 72
y 3«X.1 Do 2d pfd ¦ 12^,! S3 4 51%' «•
' EtTI * J 1 1 «*' 1 €2«j
-....1 Do pM J :,:A ..I SO {Ml
Oec Chesiical u!.....' (44 '.' SH !
...^_1 Do ptt ... f..V..i.- ! 95%! sr ,
1J|-G« Dctrie ..Jl73Xi'i72U!l7« iiTS
Great No pfd ?..... l-.-.TjlSS 'cxj |
£.QS Ontea <^jcs Coo.j'23%! Zt i 24%t 2*%" 1
IHavaca Too Co.. ..r.. ' .... J 28%* 29' '
.....i- Do pfd '.....! r 4» j 4»i4 i
JHocxfcr Valley _t : .j so - f *3' -1
..i..i do pf4- }.;...? .f s7h; -» I
¦e^OTCJooi* Ceatral ' 1 CT% ; 1*2*4 •.lC«A»lC-i '
l/«-"Iarer Paper ! I&i^ l«-i; 1* "ilsu!
4OH D*. pfd J 77'4' 77 I 77 J 7*
«o«lrter Power ....I «-ja,| »H| 80 f
... Jtottr POBp .....J j i 33 ' f 3t 1
| | Do pa t | T 79 Wi
' p l3Tra C«tril _ t t 27H Zl'ht
400< Do pM | 43V 47% «* 4 *>
i ....... Kara wha AMica.L....j j 34H1 S«H
: .'KCFlS AM pfJ ! f 73*kj $0H
2SX/Kaa C 5o*tiera-[ f. 23?ii 23
i Zj Do pM ' a j 30* 51 I S1U
_;Ee.'Jroic Jk Dea M| 1 15 I 17»a
I ( Laci«:<» Oas pfij: J 37Xi'lCO
• Lake E A "West* I f 35 I 3*
' ' Do &J. ! f ICO 1C2
j :Lua» laiaad | I } 3S <tQ
5, ICC Lewis A Xash..'133»4il32^tl33 133^
SOOMaaiaraa t ! {l«Hj 1«3
I ..!ir*rhat Beach.... ' j »tj! 11
LSiK5 Metrcpc'itaa S*cl M ! Sl»4) S2 j 82«4
f lfi.lC«5Met it Rr il23%!l22^ft2S%il23
8i;O.iIexicaa Central.i tX%| lltj 17S t7»i
! IMlaa i St L (.....(..-.. Z&* i«»i
j ! Do 1st pfd f J 134 95
l.Zf. '¦ Zl^St P£SSX!S3 SI V 93 «H
ICO, Do pfd I147^!147H^147 14S
! :'.*••• ii. . Kan & Tex.; 31 V 3OH; 31 "-4 31 *%
4 13.CO0- Co ft i • 5»H! 53*« SS^i 59
! 17.*J-^Ml«cun Paclfic'lO* jNSHiNBS'KXMj
'¦ 'Nash. C A St L-j .....il3l' Il32h
- K3X»:-rcal Lead..J 24«i WHl 24^! 25'
*CC: Do pfd ? 9?*J 97 37 (975
• 2S»Ntl 3 R Mex pfi; 33\J »\ » I 40
2C*Xa=c=al BLarsit.! I [ 47 I 47%
ICC* Do pfl [122 fll2 lUHIltJri
,S*w Jersey Cen.j. ! ISHia'tJS
4CC;X T Air SraJt-. 133*i'l» 135 tlS7
i^.X-r:-w T«k Ctea.. 133Ai;133 !l34^ill35
iOi-X T. C * 3t L. S3H ! 25 ' 35% 3T^
] I>; 1st pCd { [114 11*
I I* U &M 7!> 75
'New Tcrk Dodk.j I 12 1«
3t»X r. N II <* H. 135 1194 hl34 133
1.SCC-N T. OeS & W. 4SH! tt 1 *' 42% 42%
SJOCiXorfoa * Weal.[ 73 i 72S! 72t,( 73
- ! Do p« l I...1.J. 90'. I 9S
lOJfNortli Actrtcaa-i »^I dflijf »5Ht <XH4
;Xorthera Secs...j j left^ilCSi,
iOoah* ;..{ [ 1147 |13O
[ j Dj> pfd j | 113* 1150
l.«0i>-O S L 4s !...;.» 104 104^
USOO'Pac^e Coast S0»i 73% 90 3O»4
I Da lst-prt.. : 38 104
I Do ta pCvi S3Vi 83H S3i» S4
: r« p».:ii: Mail 40 -v 3H'-i sr-j +-)
j S9.UXiP«on R R O ... 133^!134^, 134-, 133H
iSOO^PeoplVs r«M 1C6T» 1C8 l<»%ilOS1t
' [Pere ilar^w^tta „{ 7*" j SO
[ ! Do pfa 1 77 77%
I tP. C C * St L { I 73*i! T3
I D* pfi 35 { 9*
C*00'Pr««2ed Steel C*rJ 32 t 31% 31% 31
! Do pfi i j I 73H «!>
j fPcHsiaa Ckr Co ....220 {227
5,4Ce«Sy Ste^ Sprtacs 2S 23^ 27% 2S
«oe» Do pfa S«H «4H 9*t*. 8«^i
i 13.100' R^airc 73?, 72t, 73 73V
! i Do 1st jrf <1 S7H 97%
! Da 2d pfd fl T3Js S9
; ::.»-?.^!.:i: s * I.! i*-» 124, 14 its
(6,«CCi Do pM 57J-i 54 57 57%
OOOiBaiber Gcoda... 22% 22" 22^ 23
Kt» Do pfi S« S« ! it 5*
J.2-».-£;-ws S3«lCb KfS 53H! » 54"-i
Do pf J i 37 I 89%
[St JAG I I 14 t I*
I Do 1st pM 1 51 J 55
DoMKi 24 { 2»
"SiAST* 1st pfd..} f 74 ! 77
SOOt Do Sd pfd €2% «2'-i «2«4 62",
3-ttXXSt L A SW t 23t, : 22V » SPi
T.STOt Do pfi ! »% 45^ 4»S| 5O -
3^»acath-ra Padfte-i «l*s* 60% «1H «t%
tl.'sOCi Do pf4 Ill* J115S llSH'lW 1 *
4.3!««3onthera Ky t...l 34%! 33-,! a*Hi 34%
500< Do pfi JK%f 93% S3H! >4»i
Stanlart OU 1 ?«> !644
260/stan.iarf R * T- 1% 2% 2 2%
i 3i.70G-Tean «^oal * I.. «Z%{ «H! «S «%
WVTou P L T Cb 33%! 33 33H 34
I 11.000 Texas Padis .. 85%; 34H 34% f 34%
2OC«Third Amu ..I13O 130 13»> |132
lOOiTtsiwia RiTCdM 3» I 24%' 2U
-[Toledo St L A W] J *> i XP*
I ! Do cf d I-....1 1 4SHI 43
K»Tw:a City R T.llOS 106 jlCSiijlM
ai<»UBiati B & P... 9%; 7^1 9% 3$,
40»)' Do pfd I «S «5 i ** **^
34.300-Uaion Padaa .. 110%il06ia!ie»% 1CO%
1C» Do pM 135 9«S
„ Do conr 4s I U» 110%
..{Catted Ospper I «*ij
IOC, United R of 3 F". 17 I 17 1«H( 1»
t Do pfd j W*j! *0*j SO 1 *; *1
\ D»> 4s i S4V !?5H
1.10OU S Cast I P.-.i 14. 13% 14 14H
2.10C'i J>> pfd f WJ I 63S I ® «3!»
iU S Express j f 113 1I»
S.SOCNU S Leather ... 13% 13% 13»i 13%
SS>J< Do pM 82%i 32% 31%: 32%
1.70IMU S Rabfier arSJ 27% |
'¦ Do C<i ' 83%' «4
i 327.10O.U S &.»« Cor.. 24%' 22 24 f 24%
: 133.3.*>. Do pfd S3 ) Sl% S2% *3
*CuYa.-<?ar Che=i O' CS^i 3S% »H 3S%
; r>> =ri i j ,iw,!m
WTiXTTahash [22 I 21%! 21%! 22
2.2W- Do pfi 43%; 42% 43 43%
i Do dei» Bs ...f «H' m ¦
!wens-Far«-o Ex. j i237 J245
4-Ti-VTe-tern Calon.- I....A 91 T 91^
h S00l"K-<wtin«acase .-!l71 iieS%;i70*i 171
- i Do 1st Stl t Eta 133
i |W t L E f H% 1SH
! J Do l«t pfd 43 4«H
! Dd 2d pfd .. • 27 »% «% 27%
70^'Wlsccasia Cea.J 22%' 22%! 22%! 23
; 800* I*> pfd [ 45%i 45 i 4i%S 4*
\ew York Bonds. •
! U S ref 2» rei--ltH%lL & N unised 4s. 102
D»> eccjoo. 104%'Maa coa groid 4s.lC5%
Do 3s res re*4!3lex Central 4s... 72^j
Do cocpea 134'-,; Do 1st lac 21
Do aew 4s recUOii'Mira t St L 4s.. 37
Do coupon 13fi%^3£. K A Texas 4s.l«H
Do old ia rec_10«%| Do 2ds 6 -3
Do cottpon lOiH'NR cf Mex con 4s 73%
I Atch sen 4s 102%tX T C Ken J^*..trt)4
Do adj 4s B is;C «/« 5s 135
: Atlantic C L 4s. S*%'Ncr Pacific 4s 106
Bait * Ofci* 4s. 103 ! D« 3» 74%
Do 3H» S« !Nor A "W" coa 4s. 101
Central of Ga 5a.ll2 !O5L 4« & partic.lOiU
Do l»t lac 02%'Pi. ecar 3%» 101H
dies A Ohio 4H».1CC%' Reading rea 4s...lOI^
"Chi A Alton 3%s. WJi. S L A I M coa 53.115%
C. B A Q new 4m. SSV» S L A S F f y 4s. «7*i
Ca & SP ra 4s.llO%;st Lotas SW Ists. 97%
C A NTV <?oo 7s.l27 (Seaboard A L 4». «2%
C. P. I 4 Pac 4s. 78 'So- PadSc 4s 94%
Do col 5s S3H-So Railway 5s 11S%
C.C.C A SLca 4a.lO2% ! Tex A Pac l»ts..l*l%
Chi T»r=a 44 «2%lToI, St L t W 4s. «0%
Cc=« Tobasco 4m. 7tfi!Unicn PadSc ' 4«.1C5H
Colo A So 4s 35 I Do eocr 4» 11V4
C F A I con 5s. siii'U S Ste#I 2i 5«.. SH'4,
Den & Rio O 4«.1O2 tWabash lsts 117U
Erte prior lien 4s.Wl ! Do deb B 63%,
Do sren 4s «9 (W A L Erte 4s... SI
F W A D C lsts-liomwis Ceatral 4s... 92
Hock Val 4Hs...l(H«%l
Xew York Minis? Stocks.
Adaass Ob 20'Llttle Chief C5
A2c« 5OOctario 3 50
Breece 12 Ochir ...2 33
Erans Coa 04 Pfeoenix 14
Ccia Txmae* ¦• WIPctosi 10
Coa Cal A Ta... 1 To-'SaTaj* '. 23
Horn ?t!rer 1 2S:Sierra Nevada 23
Irca: SUrer 1 93 S=aUl Hopes 23
Leadrille Csa.... C2 Staadard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— r S SteeL 23%
Call loans 283! Do pfd - *2"5s
T*.— •• loans AqZ W»«r.icz Coaraion. S3 -
Eotsds — ' \ attnir*—
Atchison 4s 1P2 (Adreatare ....... 5%
Do adj 4s S2%;AEoce» 14%
M#x Central 4s... «S JAaial Copper 73%
Railroads— tA=er Eae 13H
Atrhisoo 65"^ 'Atlantic 1<T%
Do pfd 101%!Biisrhant 33%
Bo«on A Arha=y.2S2 (Caliimet A Hecla.«13%-
Fatten A Malne-l** |C-Kttena!al 23%
Eost.-m EX«t 1Z* - 1 Copper Raare ...
F*.-.chbcrx pM... .l.TSU Daly "Weet 12
K«x C»ctral 174'Dora Coal M
N T. N H A H..IV-U Fraaklla . 12%
Usior. Pidac 100%'Graacy 3
MaiceGaaeocs— Jlsle Rcrale 25%"
A=er Arr^ Ch«a. 1SU' Mass Mining- T*i
Do F*d So% ' Mlehiraa 3'-4
Axb*t Pe-ti Tche. « 'l£oh*wk -34
Asier Eoa-ar l«xil\Cont CaaJA Cbke 5 ¦
Do pfi l» (Old Dotaiaicn ... M r
ceinber, ».7Sc^ Jaaoary. ».S5c; February. 9AQc;
¦ March, !>.S5e; AprU. 10c; May. 10. We; Jaae,
i I0.C3c; Jair, lO.Ke.
f Spot desed ijaiet. MiJ<IUa» Uplanda, 10.15c;
; MMdliaj OvOf, 10.1&L Sales. «Ct> balea.
Bask Clearings.
[ -JTEW TQHK, Xar. 4.— Th* foCowln* table.
corapiied by Bradstreet. saows _^Iie baai
ctearniffs at tie principal cities for the week
eo^ed NoT«aiber 3. with the percentage of ia
crease and decrease, as coc:r*reil wtth the
ccrrespcallaj we«i at last year: • - s
_ i Perc«ata.Te3-
ClUe*— Aawiat. lac D«x
:^5» York 91.903k 173.9SO 3»>.(> „..
Chlc*ta l34.»£0.e5O 4.2
- Bo«cca. 1»,CJ8,38» 9.0
Philadelphia . 12S,5<J2.U5 24.4 ....
ft- LocU «G5,=2».2»t ST.is ....
P-.ttabary 45.S17,3*> S3.4 ....
S«a Fraaciaco .. 33^SS4.250 J 3.4 ....
Baltimore 22^73,2S7 IT. 7
Cincinnati 21.7*4.350 5.4
Kaasas CTty 25.523.SS3 .... 1.9
Kftw Orieaaa 1S.C82 1C .... 3.2
CUrelAad 14,<M3,444 .... -3
Ml-^eapoIIs ...... 25.107.049 15.4
EXtroit .-... N*.3e7.«52 3.« ....
LouiSTtae 11.534,715 ti.9 -..-
Omaisa. 8.132.2O1 * 1.7
. Milwaukee 8,153.317 «.l
Prr>»id«s=e 7.«83^S0O 11.4
BurTalo 6,547.748 4.7
Ia.ilaa.-i polls fi.431.SSH T.i
St. Paol 7.3T9.S37 3.4 ....
Los Anjei«9 «,7S3.»1 4.6
St. Jo«pd 4.7W^'S3 <J.«
l>nT»r 3,<>57.2:5l 2.« ....
Cnbtmtma 4.445.SCO 3.0
ifcmpfcia 7.«C7.291 9.9 ....
Seaxt!* 3.5fl»»,lC9 2S.7 ....
Richmond 4.S44.259 27.3 ....
¦WaalitBirtaa ..... 4.33C.X32 5.1 ....
Saranaaa 5,&57.1£2 S.I ....
Alhaay 4.212.61* 13.7 ....
' Portland. Or. 4,445,212 6.0 ....
Fbrt Worth 4,954.«C5 13.1
Toledo. Ohio 3.339.971 li.l
Sart Lain dty .. 2,Sr3>.9<7S 10.0
Pecrta 1,S9«.&3« 14.1
Atlanta 3.7S».ieo 8.4 ....
Roch-ster 3,424.143 33.4 ....
Harttcra 3.0«.59»> 13.1 ....
NaahVJl* 2.7e3v»10 S.3 / ....
D-# Mots** 2.W7.345 4.5 ....
Spciar.*. Wash. . - 3,075.71* 9.5 ....
Tacoma, . 3,067.077 3ft. 7 - ....
Grand Raptils .... 2.178.54.* 13.1 ....
N«w HaTea ilS3.ee: 21.4 ....
; Daytcn l.5G5.»7d 12.0
Norfolk 2.234.OT.0 8-» "¦
?prla«5a!.I. Mass. l.C4>.li7 9.1
"Worcester 1.472,73.3 .5 ....
Portland. Me .1.654.233.. .*
Aayaeta. Ga. . 2.2IM.373 19-5 ....-
Topeia 1,«&5.7O<4 5.«
Sioux City L4«.22S 10-0 •-•*
Syraeos* 1JS3^73 3.*
Evaasvine LTO.7S8 13.4
Blrmlsghaia U433.334 9.2 ....
WUmingtca. Del. 1.3)4.237 1$.S
K=oxriUe 1J12.313 17.1
Davenport S6&.928 .... 13.4
Little Roclu 1.154.444 .... *.*
WCie-barr*. ...^ SS^.347 *.... 4.3
Fall Rl-rer ...... 635.871 .... »-9
Macon 749,108 32.9
Wa*eUa?, "SV Va. 77S.0SS S ....
"Wichita LM».«3 3«.7
Atom S«.O» 12.4 ....
ChattantKga 9&X&95 2«.« ....
Spria^fieiiJ. HI. . . *tf7.flC3 s.2
Kalajaajoe. Mich S4>.10«> 8.1 ....
Tcungstcwa 5«K,315 .... 1.9
Helena 749,348 3.3
Lexinrtoa * 3<53.13J> ¦ .... 7
Faryo. N D «7<5.802 .... »
New Bedford.... 637.042 .... 4.3.
Caa'jea. Ohio 505,112 13.9,
Jacksonville. Fla. 771.0*3 10.4 ,
Lowell 52X023 3.7 !
Chester. Pa 3S2.141 32.5
Gre«nsl>ary. Pa... 351.323. 17.2:
Picckrord. HI 34O.959 1.8 ....
Biashanitoei 457. 40O 22.S
SpnaiSeti. Onto. 332.334 5.1
Btcotciartec. m~ 3«».2«3 15. «
CMiacy. Ul 3«B>,2t5 4.9
Sioux Falls. S D. 322.021 12.T
Massield. Ofeio. . 179.S75 .... ....
r^atar, in 294.«« 3.9
JackscnvlUe. Ul.. 2M.303 9.9
Fremont. Xeb 214.131 3.5 ....
?Houston. 17.*51i\35<> . 7.4 i
12.S&5.C»-»> *.%>
Charleston. S C... 1.521.743 II. 9
Cedar Rapids 7a3."J4->
Total*. IT. S. 92.534.743. 7«> 5.3
Octiid* N* T. 943.5^3,530 10.4
CANADA. .
Mcntreal f24.=»a.7W3 . T
Toronto I7.«*>5,4SO 15.7
Wianip«c ....^.... 7,752w5.*5 7.7
Ottawa l.*3*»2ivt 4«.»
Halifax 2.fl«2.5B« 7.S
Quebec 1.46»V.iOT 23JJ
Vancc«r»*r, B C 1.431.4*58 10.1
Hamiltoa 1,234.023 8.5 . ....
Locdca. Oat 9«U23 ' l.« ....
St. Joha, X B Ll*3.«01 2.7 . ....
Victoria. B C 722,688 10.7 ....
Tocais. Caaada..3*1.287,*43 1.2
fXot bcladed in totals becaase cnrttsining
ether tteais than cl*arlaxs-
Xeir York Grain and Produce.
NETV TORK. Nov. 4.— FLOCH— H««ipts.
14.S0O barrels; experts, 560O barrels; zaaiicet
(Sail and fearsreless.
"WHEAT — Receipts, none; spot, easy: Xo. 2
red. $1 l»ii f. <x. b. aioat; No. 1 North«ra
Duluth. II a :. o. t. aOoax No. 1 aard Mani
toba. II t«JH f. o. b. afloat.
A denial to-day of Ch* Ars«atin« daoa^
rtcries caused actlT« ***iizz ia wheat aad low
er trices la face of cocttxie<i bad cews frosi
the Southwest. It was a scalpers' niariet.
however, aad ia the 1 aft*raooa mlad featnr^s.
clcsir« Sc ta 1c net lower. May closed
Jl ISV: JoIt closed 31 02<4; Decamber dosed
n i7.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL. — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE — Ftitcre3 dosed at a net advance i
of 34210 poiats. Sales. B4.5CO ba«», tadaiinar: [
December, «.^5e<S.90c: Jacoary. &£3c; March. I
7.13c; May. 7-33c: July. 7^oc. Rio, i
steady; Xo. 7 invoice. S?4cr m«M <jai«t.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining-, 1*03
3>c: cs-ctrifuzaJ. 36 test. i\c; nsolasses stzgar,
SH-g-SSfcc: reined, firss. .
BUTTER — Straas; street prices. extra.
creajaerjr. 24c; official prices, creamery, ccm
racn ta extra. 12<S24c; Stata dairy, cccxaiaa. ta
extra. 14S22HC
CHEESE— Firm. . <4
EGGS — Stren*--
DRIED FRUXTS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market
shows eo impra-remrnr. Derr.nr.ti coctinces
light. Fmit for fstnre dellrery Is offeriar te- [
lew rpot qaofattlcr.s. the tone is easy a&d It ts
possible, that la seme tastaaces slight coaces
itc-cj aiiz-ht be seccred. Ct — rr.ee 4g-tUc;
prtsie. 4&c; choice. -6>g5i>c. aad faacy. 5^
«%«. - -
PBCXES- Show a hardening tendency.
Quotations laage rrcta 2c ta 3\e accortlias ta
*APRICOTS— Ar» fen bet «eady; choice,
9W©l0c; extra ehotas. 10f»gl0^;c, aad faacy,
lligirc
PEACHES — Are q-si»t aad «"aaw- little fea
tara; ehoice. 9tP9?*c; extra choice, SfitflOc:
faacy. 10»i©llc-
Xw Fork Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Not. 5. — Ia Lcadoa tia was a
Uttlc eaaier. spot cloatag- at £132 7s fti. aad
fotsres at £132 2s Cd. Locally the pries was
o£ a little, bet the geoaral market ihowed
a steady tcoe. althocza trading- was <Fiiet at
S2S 87S4C2S 90 fcr ssot.
Capper also was a little lower for spot la
Louden, where It closed at £63 Is €d far spot,
with fstsres at £63 ICa. Locally the carket
Aswr Te\ A. T*i.U2'-i'Omctolx S<iK
Azut ¦W<jo>a ... T7^'Parrot ..; T\
V*rX4 *««t'Qii3CT ...1CS '
Oca Iron & S... ....¦ -*aj
TA ?r«rt r:T-aas..2-t« !Ta=arack 120 •
O»a EJ#ctrfc ITS iTrlrltr ...... 11*1
ZSf-m K>etrlc.... T* ITT S Ml=I=s 2*'
Do ?M S5*t!TT S OO . .. IGSi
Mam Gas 4TVr*aa 43
rcitM Frrit Irs IVlctoria 4K
Cn SSo^ 3£ach... 54-!TTlrcaa Jt -
Po FfJ 3l«i'WolT<.r!=« S3
London Closinsr Stocks.
Ccom tor maa«y-- 'TH'?^ T Crctral 135
Do for aect.97 11-lVXor tc Western... 74^
Anarocda ¦-... 5Hf Do pfl 52*4
AtrhJ*oQ ........ «T«itOnt * Western... 43*,
Do cM -- KWti'PrBrjrylTaaia .... 71-
T?a!t * Ofcia 57^ «aa<J Mises ..... 10*4
Can FartSc IKH'F.'-adte? ¦..,. - 3TH
Cii»s A Otfo « ! Do- lrt-wM.V;., 43
f^f Great TT»st.-. 2fr r Do 2d jpfd...... 41 -
Chi. MH Jc St P.17<5 ?So Railway ...„ "33H
Do B*«r» tS*; 1 , Do-rtt ......v.~*rt;
D«i * Rio G 2I«!S« Pariftc ~«52*4-
Do pfl Wurccfcn PuriSc "..V.1I3 »
Ert« 4*%f D» pf 4 .... ST*i
T>j I»t pfd.....'Tt IV S St*^.. r KS
i>»wb'.j raui -DuT»-.Tr...... ««tj
ITT C»«»ra! ...;..1«K6'W»6ash ..;. ~ t2t£
TjrC. * N*ah V*SZ* Do pf4 ........ «4«
M K * T«»»... 31«S««al5h 4» M%
Ear eilT»r — Steady." 28%i y«r oo=ce.
Money — 2*4^3 per cent. -¦ "'
Th« rat« <rf dl^-oeat ta tfte op>»a asarket far
atcrt tm» ts 2» p«r evet and for • thr*«
moatfes* Ids 3 p*r c«ct. '
CondWoa of th« Treasury.
WASHINGTON'. Nor 4.'— Today's *tat*meat
ef th* Trsairarr shows: Arai7afcl«> cash, bal
ance. 9147.32*^1*; tr-M. tvtflts ji«.
N'ew- York Cotton Market.
Nk W TOHK, Xow. '.. 4. — Cotton fatnres *
cp»aed «t2a<2r. November. "• ».«5c- Jannary. J
».97e: r^braary. 10c bid; March. tO.Cflc- Aorfl. J
NU4VT tW? "Mly. ¦ lft.Z3ct - Jna* effered 10.17c; j
July. TO i *i illWWJliLii'HH.1.. * --; -;t
Fo«rea c!o*ei5 'steady.' Kcwratbw,' "•.56c'i;P> % I
Is first. Uka J13 ZZ^U: electrelTtic, 113 ~Z®
H. aad casting 1X3 SO^IS 73.
Lead waa oaehaas«d at £12 12s 6d la Loadoa
; aad at ft 2Q4P4 25 ta the local market. Spelter
i was firm ¦ aad hlzaer at £23 17s 6d in th«
I FngiUh market. Lccaily' Qnotatloas raajted
from *5 35#5 4O.
Iron closed at 64* KM ia Glasgow aad at
46s ta MidiSesbcra. Locally troa h flrax- No.
1 Ncrthera, 915 50©l«; Xo. 2 Northera. «13©
i 15 50; Xo>. 1 soctSera foundry aad No. 1
| Brothers, fetnairy soft. 915 50618.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Prorislons. "
CHICAGO. NOT. 4. — 'Weakneaa la wheat was
manifested as the start. Lhrcrpool <rwtatfona
wert cmch knr«r. neauniatty as a r««alt of
j aa Increase La Arceatia* reports am! of a re
,port from Utat cocntry contradicting rataors of
uafaTorabie weataer taere. Northwestern re
ceipts were Quite liberal. In . addition. pro»
, peets et rain in tae Soctawest cave promia*
of a break ta tie existing droctb. Tits com
bisatlcn of feat-ares, cnfavorable from ttta ban
•tisdpetot. breajnt «tt a let of loosely held
w!Mat pcrchased ender more encaorajrisx dr
cnasstaaces taat surrounded ta* icarlMt. OtK-a
ls& c.3??atioE3 ea Decvma«r were OS tic to %,c
ac fl 12 to 91 12H. Stay waa dowa 3»c to «J e
at #1 ll«v to XI 11%. Saorts wex« fair boyera
; en tie decline, bat tie demand was not of
¦efficient stren^rta to prevent a steady weak
ening- of -raises. December sold c£T to 11 I2ti
and May to SI 11 «4. • Late ta ta* day th«
market rallied somewaat. eiosinr rata«r weak.
wlta D«eiaber a: $1 11%. Ffcial, quotations
ea May w«r« at 91 UVi&l. ll»i. * < ¦¦ <~^~
FIn« weatccr and weakness of wheat had >
a depressing taSaeace aa. the com market i
early ta tae day. ' D«c«sib*r opcaM tin--*
chanced to He tower at 4&HG4Sf«c, soidbe-F
tw»en 4J*Xie aad t»\9**'^e aad ctcved at -IStic. [
TtM tradinir ta oats was extremely qnlet azu!
the Karfcst ¦ beld. itcady-air day.' December
closed onrbaagwL&t 25^»Ce25»4c.;. . .. > „ .
. tMgiidxtlcn of proTlstccs .was ' on * a rather
"larf* node i*{ ea absence of ktp'port'tne
market tecatse oait* -weak.* At tie cicso - ccrit
AS thr«« dcscrt^tlross sadur '>¦§ beaJ rule
S— — . wttlt a rood demaxui aati U*it stocka.'
HIDES AND SKINs — Culls a= 1 brands seC
about : ?i€le oader tfsairy tattsd
oteera, lie; usedMst. 10c; U*£t. »^c; Cow
HI<ies. »*jc for heavy aed 9*ic tar U«it;
sta?a. 7e; Salted Ki?. lOiic; Saited Veal.
UH« Salted Calf. 1IH«: 4ry HUn, Ke; dry
Slip. 13c; dry Ciir. 20c: S&e«pskias. sitearltajrs.
2C€-t^: eac&: jiart V.*>3l. 4ee«Ce eac&iBxe
di«s. 7S^0Cc: Icsv Wool. - IIiJISO; Hart*
Hides, aals. 12 75 for !n» aad S2$2 5O J;r
maSim. I: SCQ2 for maS and SOc far Coiti;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 7* for tarre and SI SO far
median. $1 fcr small aatl 30e for Colta.
Bock 3"it!s-« — Dry Sf^xlcaa. 3Cc: isy salted
ileilcaa. Uc; dry Central As«r!cas, 30e; Goat
STklss — Prta* Ac;cra& 75c; extra Urjfe d*
$1 15: la.Ts. 5flc: K«di3ts. 33c: KsaQ. 20c
TALLOW— No,. 1 rendered. 184 H« P« »:
No. S." 3t>e; Greasev I"-. 5Cc
'WOOL— Fan dip— San Jcatxota azal S -ats
ers. *sgllc; S^mtbero. 4<@dc: 3<xzt&erB Urea
tain. frg:ic ; i«di!# Cocatles rr~. 13914s;
«o defective lCt?12c; -Northers fc»^ I2«l»«;
<t» defactrrel 10C12c; HtrnhoMt aad SCcada
eiaa. lftQUc p*r IK
HOPS— 13C4 crop. 3*i€3H4e p«x Ib.
Hide«. Tallow. Wool and Hop*.
Tie Beard. o£ Tra^» , wVX, be closed . Taesdiyv
November ' S. : election, day. - --. •-.'. -
Tfce I<ea«*ics tnture* rangr*! a.^ foUorwa: -.--;¦¦
Artfctes. ; Open. Klffh. Low. Close.
Wheat. Xo. 2— -
December . 1 12*i 1 i:^ 1 HtJ : 1 11%
May ..-...-. .lllTi 1 H T 4 1UH 1U^»
July 9»»s 06 »» 9Tfi »7*i
Corn. Xo. ¦ ~ — '
December ..... 4gi; 4S'i -tS*4 ¦«»»
May ---:....-.._ -.45^ U^i 45*i 43*3
July... 45% «*, 4i% «r»»i
Oats. Xo. S—
Novesster ..... -• .... .... 25>H
December ..... 2S^i . ¦ 23*4 ' -2S»fc ,>2S^
May »^ . «H 51 31
July - 31 - ,31f* -31 31
Um cork..Mr ttl — -• -¦-: - ' .
Janaary 12 3* ..12 KH'12 50 12 92f$
May ....... 12 55 12 S5 12 «t^ 12 5*
Lent; par 10O It»— - • - r
Jaccary. ....... 7 lb IM .705 ;(S
3fay 7 25 X 25 7 l*ii 7 IZVr
r-X P«r ICO Uw — .
Jansary ........ 52»» « 32i, 6 47^ • 50
May « Ri, 6 G»i, « ©>' 6 «H
w^s ITH<* Iawer. lard was denm 10c aad tibm
were- i-gT^ic -tower. .-- ., -"¦¦: •¦ -; -^ . • -
Do stacked . . — itW J>* har4»b»!l. Rr *<iTO
Sardi=e» *St<V Cra»Sa!», r«r n>«w*»l 5
SIsad JfW — 'Crabs eacS S>eC5
Strtp«d Baas..I2W«13"Mt»!»!*. R> t2*i«:S
Perr* ...ir<*— " Oy»ter« Cat- ica¥»*f^'>
Pcts^iao *09T3* Do Eastera. dx.^0Q4O
nsH. per i&irsv—
Barracocta.-I2k.tC^T2H r a3ck<rwl ._. — <StS
Carp — ©TO' 5*a Baja — «*12H
CatS«h V.— «T2S4T?«n«T!3 10«I2«,
CcdSsi .., — «12V. Srte» .--lOUlA
FTooadi»r» - 10-g — i «iatea eacU ItX815
Halibol I3i» — : 3«pd«l — a —
H«rrt=.r +12VM T;rzcr>* I''i®—
M3t«r«! 1^8— 'Tar1»« 2P«—
Do horse ...I2U-a— f r-rmt - — «STS
Rock2ah — eil*i f WTiJteftriJ liM> —
Sateca. fr?a!t_ — ©I2 1 -,. CT.^icat «^ncn . .flf-13 —
Cotcrfld. p«f Ib. ZtQ — ' Do. gr*«t VS>- . *JJI3
Drt«d Lfcna. Ib. Z& « Pot»to*». r»? !>.1VW
Gre*a LJau . . . . — G & Far*=ips p«T ix t*«a>
Cabbay*. eaci .. S-3W Badisi<«s. #ts bc5.1.T«2>
Celery taad Sets' Saz« <fs *wfte».I3.19 —
Cre*s. <*a bcaciliS— ?Strtra? B*ac«. IS- 3a» S
Cuinsihers. ' jJoa-lC-QTS' Suai=s*r S<v3as&
GaxKe «4» r r*r » — • •
G?wn P«5p»r».IJiw ia » Ssroaca. v*r H>- — *» •
Dried Peppers ..IPe2» ?plz»<rh per TS.—G *
E*y Plaaj. lit... «S t5»t PnsttiTes. I>. I<-S2
Greea Peas. B.. $^Z<fTkyTsm^>ix bnchs.S«"s»
Gre«a Cera 3f«l0' Trm!p«. 5*t dag. — 81S
Lettae*. p«r (icxtJ2-'3> 1 Tarsatoes. » 39 3
VEGETABLES—
ArtlcJsoJts*. <Jox:ir««'.firss!sr5o«n.v Th....V93O
"B^etx. da*ea . lC<i — iOalotE*. VtZ'-^
B*aa». wine. Ii. Zfi — ! Okra. iried. tt»-.3T» —
Family Recall Slarket.
The feature* of tS» retail market is the *tMT»
decline la jsicw.ot fr*a n»3R7 BntSer-
Low prices are *xseczz>l to role far some -.:-.*.
a* tie wSofcsaf* ntirieCj at* aaibr «sc$<»-«t*<i.
Fresh raaeh Efc?» are higher agaia. white
Honey is eheaper.
AD ki=-f» ¦;; P.u::.-7 u: ¦; in-.- arc n .-yd
supply, with prices sorssaL Fruits »asl V«r*
taSies have oSi:«! bu: I.::; » •¦.-.— U*< w«Se
aad Seats aa»i FlaS ar- sti:j aeruaa; as tle
ia=JIlar qaocaticEa. CraSe. are on th« ut*rfce^
again.
COAL. PER TON—
Weiaagtari J*-r<ei0 «» X#w
SeactJs J — ««;•>¦ WeOisgtaa.* — 619 00
Roslya . *— a » C0> WelUastua
Coc» Bar --«-« X30<
DAIKT PRODeCH. ETC.—
Better. tbci«.*t^f<5 2rr« pwr dosea:
Do good 3»635^ Pa=cl« *Z£3S
Do paeked.IM7ms.Ti5' Starxse -¦»«stS
Cls*«se. Cal 13&S* Eastera S.S3J>
Ch««*e. Ea#tara.^-at3 Hrte: cosb U». — Jli
Ct««s* Swtsa ..t3«33f J» extractid .- *&Vi
POCLTRT AXI> <7.viIS —
Hsb3_ Urji. ea-<tSSO<J..wiiito Ge«se. «a.Cffta3
D» amtU 5<i8-*4>; fcraat. -acU 23<J^>
Io =« Rocat«n. » Rabfiita eacii ..SS&35
_,•*$ 73e«*l Har». «aeh — «3»
Oil Rocat^r*. ea.»SiC Ea^UJh Sai-pe.' Sx — 8**
**Ter». each ..J.^«" Cotraacc .ii>.4x»Z3^ SO
Br=a«r». eacU ..*>§3<>Wi^i Dncits. «ac6 —
*5f**J». B«r l^iS^iK MallaM TiSflO
Dtk«j. ««cij ..«3<-e*i. Carcrasback ..»««
C«**5. earft..— e« 3* 5prf» *¦¦<&&
Gc*-=«» I2S2S Teal 33**0
PU«cc». rair ..©— J*V R^ HeaJa *>63»>
=*5=a&*. per pair.M«1> v;.;----.r> 3»C."3
»U Dora, doa.$i »:'3nad Doe±s ...S<639
Gray Gees*. ««.40e«
3TEATS. PER POCXD—
R«i»t are?: - f Mutton Chasm ..— <tl»
Cl«oiee cuts ..IJed1« Porfc Cbocs ....— «t»
Dn» plats 1*6X2'-, VsaJ Cat^ta U4!3
Roast Veal ..»H9T3f Cmed B«* ....—© i
Ecast Pork ..1*1,013 b^? St«-» *Ct»
For^tr Lasb.-^i2v t i Mitten Str» ... J« f
Hiaijtr Lara!>.. — C13 V«al St»-» lOCU'-i
Tcr«<;tr If attots. . *ei<3 ; 3I«at 5J?1»
Lew Mattca — 8Ifl SUicp Bis&ea. t<r —
Tadricti Steak. 125,s;3 Kit.! 1->8T»
PorCrSs* Stiaft-.l^eCO- Ba-rtsa I3-£2>
Sirloto Steak.. t2t^©13. Perk 3*asa**..12i«1il5
RccjkI Steai«-.l*ei2MCitrt!««l E«« ..a>© —
Laasb Chaps ...liet»> L«rd ITS©—
FRrrrs asd xrrrs—
Affiytr Pears.ea.2XJ3 Li=«. a?« IC^tS
AZsiecda lSSCP Nctsxey M»fotn.ea.iet*
Apple* +9 ¦«'Ora£«w. <iss 3OQi7»
CSestasts. » ..ISfii* PTnrsa C> Z& 9
Craai«rrts«. «t..lieiw P— - "l* ** *
CV^»taijtip«». e«.-It.«lJ. Plit«i-5!e». #ach.3D8";O
P»<rana — eW* Pjta^p^aate* dzSMS^O
Br»xtl Xuts a<© — i p.-. '——,;=» doa. — «+»
Basasaa. do* ..SettQssen — 9 *
Coccasats cacb. — 8I>> Raisl=a. I?> IO©'J
Flw. dried, ft.. AJMO Rajr7b*rr*e». p«r
Drx fr**XU*.10'l?12V draww 4ft8^O
Gr»s« Fren.4t.j:©t 5*>* 5trawt«T?»».
Gr»^». IS S» « 5«r drawer ...25«7S
Kc4Ie6rrl»« IVI0«12ii^W'a!a«a. per Ib.:."^3C!>
Lcsosa. dcz 2CS3W Watsrrn«tcsB*> ea-Ue^S
| too; Oilcake Meal at Us* sallt. -f31 W«32 30:
t jobbing. $33: Cocoaaut. Caie.' »23©24: Cocc*
l ant Meal, J2i©25; Cam Steal. J31C31 50?
• Cracked Cora J31 5fl<832;r Mixed reed. J22 50©
i. 23; Hers* Beans. J.»ce*O per . taa; Broom
(Cora F«i 90c per cti. ""s- «¦--¦':< - '¦ - - ¦
{ HAT — Wheat. Jldgli: Wheat and Oat. Jt*©
| 14; Cat: J5-S12; Barter and Oat. JS0I1: Yctua-
I te«r Wild Oat. J7glO: staBte. J3<gl©: stock.
( 15 5C©I; Clever J7810; Alfalfa. I30T3 .. p«r
I ton. • .. • ¦ . .- ¦ ¦ •. ¦ . - -
STRAW— 33@60c per -tale. . :
; with quiet narteti.' Bran and Bar continue
'.weak, owing u* the ***» growth cf greea feed.
t BRAS — »IS©19 per ton. ..
t MIDDLINGS— «23 5C«52S per tea.
f " SHORTS— StSeiS per ton- "
t FEEDSTUFFS-^Ralled Barisr. 123^2* P«r
$=3. M«i. $11 50; PI* Pcrfc. J2S; Pigs' Feet.
J5; Smoked Bee*. He perjh. - . „
UED — Tierce* quoted ai S?5e. B*r » f3r
California co2ii;cac«i» > Ta for Eastern, eomjwaaa
aad 9<g9**e far" pare: harf-barrels. pare. 9 1 *©
s*i«: io-ib tins I9*ic: 3-lb tin*. WSe; 2-th
tow. 10*ic
COTTOLENE— On* half iarreS. S«$e: three
half barrels. S-Hc: one tierce. S*»e; tiro tlerc**.
S-*c; five tiirces, S^e p»r lb.
fHE SAN* FRANCISGOi' GALL, SATURDAY^ NOVEMBER 5. 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15. Public; Spealters^iiie'* PlBo's'ACure r to
strengthen the voice and prevent hoarseness. •
f . WEE ;ONG' TONQ GETS MORE -TIME.—
The argument on a motion for a new trial in
the case., of : Wee , Ong . Ton«,- whose injunction
restraining ¦' tbe i police - from entering ; gambling
; and ' lottery ¦ resorts .- in Chinatown ' was - dis
solved; by 'Judge Cook last. Monday, 'was made
before the same Judge yesterday.' Both sides
were asked -. to . submit authorities. - The - Judge
¦said he would render his decision on Monday.
, A further, stay was granted till that time.'-- ,
- F. Stadelman -. yesterday sued the
Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way; Company"", in ' the Justices' Court
to '^recover. '; $ 1 2 1 5 3 damages ? f or ,- the
loss of part of a shipment of dry goods
from- Syracuse - to - this city last June.
Laura'-. M/' Cutter. ' sued '.the Judson-
Alton'' Excursion ¦Company and , the
Missouri Pacific" Railway; Company for
$298 for, being, compelled : to ride from
Pueblo^ Colo., -to'- this city^^in an 'old,
filthy,' and "unsanitary car,' although
she had purchased a ticket entitling
her ' to i ride in" a '.Pullman car. ,. Wil
liam -.Karl; and Clarence de -Elmer,
gymnasts/J sued D.'. J. " Grauman,'. Emil
Strouse T .and ' John -Morganstein 'ifor
$160, "alleged v to* be'due.'on a" seven
weeksV 'contract' > to. show at various
theaters "controllgd by the defendants."
The contract .'was [suddenly , terminated
at ' the: end'bf t'five^weeks.
Justices' Court Suits.
SYLVESTER. HELD. — United States Com
missioner Heacock yesterday held Frank Syl
vester to onsw»r before the Grand Jury, with
bonds fixed at $500. Hi> Is accused of stealing
a packngre of perfume from the rural delivery
box of Mls« Camilla King at San Lorenzo.
Chinese Refused Landing.
Twelve Chinese men who arrived
recently with section 6 certificates and
claiming to be merchants on the way
to the x St. Louis Exposition were de-
PLANTER WANTS TO BE RELEASED —
An appIlcaUon for a writ of habeas coFdu,
ror _i be n releas<: of Edward S. Planter, alias Ed
ward Patterson, was made before Judw Cook
yesterday. Planter was arrested oa Thursday
as he is wanted in Detroit. Mich., for paMinc
forsed checks. Chief Wittman received ad i 3^
patch from Detroit yesterday morninff that
an officer had left there with th« warrant and
papers for Planter's extradition, and on that
showlnjr the Judge contlntwd the heartnc on
the application till o«tt Thursday. Th« officer
is looked for by that time. orncer
For an excellent lunch, tabu d'hot* or a la
carte, with or without wlna. visit Th« Oaraa*
don Cafe. 543 Pout st_. opposite Olympic Club.*
RE1IEARINGS DENIED.— Th« Unlt*i
SUtes arcult Court of Appeals denied rehetu--
Ings yssterday In the following cases* Tha
Empire . State-Idaho Mlnlnjr and DsveloplnK
Company vs. the Bunker IHH and SullhUn
Mining and Concentrating Company; Uast
Chance Mlnin«r Company et a), yb. th« Bunker
Hill and Sullivan Mlnin* and Concentritlnr
Company: George rerriam vs. the Paclflo
Coast Company: George T. McDonnell vs
United States of America; Holmes vs Klrkl
Patrick «t »1. . "
Supervisor Joseph de Benedetti of
San Mateo County, who was arrested
at Half moon Bay on Thursday by
order of . United States Attorney
Woodworth and brought to this city
and charged with having taken out
fraudulent naturalization papers, was
released yesterday on bail. De Bene
detti is highly indignant over the af
fair. He says that the arrest was
caused by his political enemies •' and
is a' piece of spite work. Jle asserts
that his father came to this State in
1855 and took up mining claims here
at -that time and to do this he. must
naturally have been then a citizen of
this;State.-- •• , > ; -';. ,
De; Benedetti .'says he took* out his
owri.'papers, in.1873. . He denies'; that
he was ever indicted ' by the Grand
Jury, as has been reported In some of
the ' papers. ; He • has been ¦ eighteen
years, a school director, eight years a
Postmaster and . for the last eight
years a \: Supervisor, . re-election to
which office he is seeking at the com
ing election. .. ,
San Mateo ; Supervisor Declares His
Arrest Was Spite Work of
Political Enemies.
REDDIXG, Nov. 4.— A masked man
armed -with a pistol entered the saloon
of Ed G. Carter at Cottonwood early
this morning and forced six men to
Hue up with their faces toward *tho
wall and their hands above their heads
while he relieved' them of their valu
ables. He secured ?500 in cash and
51&00 in checks bearing the name of
Sam Hammons and which .the banks
at Redding and Ked Bluff have al 7
ready been warned against cashing.
Constable Morgan arrested Charles
Emerson, one or the men who was held
up. Morgan. claims, that Emerson was
an accomplice, having falsely told him
that there was a row in progress across
th» street from the. saloon in order to
get hirrt out of the way. Emerson, it
is charged, then, went to the door, of
the saloon and signaled for his part
ner to commence operations. ',.':.']
Before . the ';, tong. official was i exam
ined, Chew Ming, nephew ' of k t theTde-';
ceased Quoia; ..was cross-questioned ;by s
Mr. i Hill, and he stuck to his story ; that
he witnessed ?• the marriage '/ of } Qiioia
and Low Shee and that "Lurn : Qubla,
the American : "widow/- was ! bought as
a" slave. {.jf^^^O^H^Sp;; ¦.:¦¦,;-.¦-..¦' . -
The hearing. will be resumed this af-
The Chinese puzzle of "who's the
widow" in the Chew 'Bing Quoia case
now on hearing in Judge Coffey's court
Involves some delicate questions. One
is whether an American court will take
cognizance of ,marriage customs -in
China if there is no written law and
another is the acceptance of oral.testi
mony on those customs if there ; is a
written" law. and it is possible to obtain
a verified copy thereof. •¦ - .
'On account of other, engagements In
the court, yesterday's hearing only oc
cupied a little over' an • hour, J but' the
most distinguished and most gorgeous
ly arrayed Oriental who , has yet ap
peared in the case was called: to the
stand. . This was Ng Tow Chow, .age
fifty-seven, who .was summoned; from
the. Flowery Kingdom- a -year "ago to
accept the assistant -presidency -of the
Kong Chow,- one ofthe Six Companies.
The. dignitary, wore fan .dive 'green
blouse) lavender skirt, *a thin' mustache
and^scantei 5 ' imperial' and" his head. was
shiningly shaved back to 'the very^ roots
of his queue. He^wasj called *tori the
sole purpose of explaining the marriage
customsin his district in China, which
Is the one that Chew Bing Quoia' hailed
from. Unfortunately "Attorneys Vogel
sang and Hill were in an \ argumenta
tive mood and the witness was only,
permitted to., say that ' the marriage
laws were riot printed, but are. handed
down , from. , 'dynasty to dynasty" at
¦Peking..'. {• ..'¦.- ..¦¦''. '\ r ''J
Attorney*/ Hill,": who represents J.^j.
Cunningham, the. administrator, ''whose
removal : is sought by. Qucia's. widow; in
China, . was of the; opinion; that Ng' Tow
Chow should not tell of the ; traditional
marriage laws,* but' that ' the : other side
should produce the" copy of some ruling
of a Chinese court. -'Mr. Vogelsang, at
.torney for the ,• petitioners : for'- Cun-,
ningham's removal," declared that he
arid .Judge Dibble; had read . numerous
volumes on^the/subject, and -were pre-"
pared V.tb^ .pfoyej-. that '; there '.were .no
written* laws on marriage^ and,: further
more, no i lawyers V in - Chiha'^ and
Judges there did' not v necessarily., have
to. know theilaw.. This caused; Judge
Coffey to remark" that there, was no
noise in Chinese; courts. ;
DE BENEDETTI SAYS CHARGES
AGAINST HIM ARE FALSE
Loss of hair, which often mam the prettlett
face, prevented by Parker's' Hair Balsam.
Parker's Ginger Tonic alleviates suSerln* •
Six Customers of a Cotton
wood Saloon Held Up and
Relieved -of Their Money
Head of One of Six. Com
panies Called to Explain
Chinese Marriage Custom
DARING ROBBER
MAKES A HAUL
TONG PRESIDENT
ON THE STAND
vThree men who formerly lived in
Honolulu viewed the remains yester
day, having read that the cuffbuttons
found bore the Hawaiian coat cf
arms, but they could do nothing to
ward solving the mystery.
. Mrs. . Conness, the woman who has
been' sending flowers to be • placed
about the coffin and who induced th«
undertaker to take! charge of the re
mains, says she, saw the man in the
Belvedere on, the nights of Septem
ber 13 and 14. In another statement
she said she had seen him in Arizona.
No credence is given to her stories, al
though there is no question as to her
earnestness • to have the body iden
tified.
The body of the man who commit
ted suicide near the junction of the
Ocean boulevard and the Ingleslae
road still awaits identification. It is
being held by an undertaker in the
hope that the kin or friends will ap
pear.
Mrs. Conness Still Sends Flowers,
Though She Can Throw Xo
Light on Mystery.
Agent' Thomas, who discovered a
shortage of $80 in his accounts. Mr.
Hogue Immediately paid the money
into the office and explained, that it
was an oversight; that he had not
been aware that he had failed to pay
that sum. Mr. Thomas replied that
when a man forgot to turn in his col
lections it was time he also forgot he
was a 'Government official. Then
Agent Thomas .hinted delicately that
the best, thing Mr. Hogue could do
would be to resign. ' . fU ?
nied a landing by the Chinese bureau
yesterday. Wong LJn Poon and Wonff
Lin 01. girls of 16 and 18 years of
age, claiming to be natives of the
United States, were also denied
landing. They said they were on their
way to friends and relatives in New
castle in this State, but the witnesses
whom they named could not be found
or did not dare to present themselves.
The girls arrived on the steamship
China, October 13.
BODY OF MAX WHO SHOT
HIMSELF UNIDENTIFIED
bout two weeks ago by request of
The international convention of the
two unions will be held in this .city
next year, and the ball this evening
ic to be given to raise funds for the
entertainment of the delegates. Dele
gates from all over the country will
be present at the big: session, which
The grand annual ball given under
the auspices of the 'international Print
ing Pressmen of North America and
the Assistants' Union will take place
at Mechanics' Pavilion this evening.
The affair promises to be the most
elaborate ever held by these two for
midable labor organizations, and noth
ing has been left undone to make it
such.
J. J. Phillips, chairman of the joint
committee, is one of the best known
pressmen in the State. He has long
been identified with the Workings of
the union, and has always taken an
active part in labor work in this city.
Mr. Phillips will be aided by. ah able
corps of assistants.
Dancing will be In order all night,
and a splendid union orchestra" will
render the music. The pavilion will
be beautifully illuminated and dec
crated. The advance sale at tickets has
been large.
gives promise of being one of the most
important gatherings of its kind ever
held. V
CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CONVENTION COMMITTEE OF THE INTERN A- *
TIONAL PRINTING PRESSMEN AKD ASSISTANTS' UNION WHICH WILL
GIVE A GRAND SOUVENIR BALL TO-NIGHT IN MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles- "Wins friends. Used for In
tact* and adult. Marine doesn't smart. •
CLERK MORSE RECOVERING. — United
Etater District Court Clerk Georre E. Morse,
vno i? sick with typhoid fever at his home,
2090 Fell street, is In a fair way to recover.
TTArCTS HIS SALARY.— Another employe ot
tie H-»:th Department, vhose salary warrant
has not been audited, bas applied to the court
for a writ of ¦mandate afalnct Auditor Harry
Baehr In thla caee the applicant Is Henry
D Miller, ¦who wa» appointed as factory and
workshop inspector at a salary oX $100 a
raccti anil whose July warrant has not been
paid.
"VTe don't sell all the best suit cases
and bags, but all the suit cases and bags
we do sell are the best; same with
trunks, pocketbooks and wrist bags. All
lettered in gold free of charge. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.
Dress Suit Cases and Bags.
The local committee has been assist
ed materially in its work by General
Cecil Clay, chief clerk of the Depart
ment of Justice, "who visited this dis
trict a month ago for the purpose of
investigating this matter, as well as
fraudulent naturalization schemes,
Th* inspectors named were apppoint
ed some zsostlxs ago to Investigate the
eleemosynary institutions i # n this dis
trict as to the percentage of newly ar
rived aliens cared for. The facts learn
ed by tliera ar.d embodied in their re
port nave been kept secret, and will
be made public only when Mr. Sar
pent shall nave presented his report
and findings to Congress. He intends
urging upon Congress the necessity of
enacting a law to abolish the abuse.
United States Immigrant Inspectors
A. J. Ridgeway, Charles W. Snyder,
.Antonio de la Torre Jr.. Thomas C
Crawford and Percy Montgomery have
forwarded to Frank P. Sargent, Com
missioner of Immigration, their report
on certain frauds on taxpayers being
perpetrated by aliens. The adminis
tration has discovered that In nearly
every State In the Union a large per
centage of the jTirrmtrat of asylums for
orphans and insane are aliens sent to
this country specially for the purpose
of being placed in those institutions,
xrbere better care and treatment are
given than can ba obtained in similar
institutions in Europe
American Taxpayers Are
Supporting Foreigners in
Homes and Orphanages
Collector Lynch said yesterday that
he had nothing new "to report, adding,
"There is no shortage in my office."
He is. much exercised over the affair
and wears a haggard and worried ex
pression. : .-. •
-Deputy. Internal Revenue Collector
Samuel L. Hdgue of Fresno resigned
. George A. Wright, former chief dep
uty in the United States internal reve
nue office, this city, whose accounts
were found to have been $4000 short, is
still at liberty, but his arrest has been
ordered, by the Department of Justice
at Washington and he will be prose
cuted. >'•;; - .
Special Revenue Agent Bert M.
Thomas, with two assistants, is mak
ing a thorough examination of the
books and, accounts of the office. He
said yesterday that he did not expect
to be through before next Thursday.
Every v letter sent to the revenue of
fice during the last year is to be'scru
tinized and the. accounts are to, be
consulted to see whether ; the; Bums
named | have been paid and deposited
in the United States treasury.
With regard to the defalcation: of
the former chief deputy Thomas de
clined to say anything save that he
would wait until District Attorney
Woodworth returns from the country
before taking any . steps ' toward
Wright's prosecution. Agent Thomas
was closeted with an assistant district
attorney for half an hour' in the fore
noon and also with George W.Hazen,
United States secret service agent in
charge of the office here. It was
whispered later that close . watch was
to be ' kept on the movements 'of
Wright and of one or two -others
pending the arrests, which are ex
pected to follow- next week.
' Suspicion 'was first directed toward
Wright by the fact that, ha seemed to
be living beyond his means, and never
to want for money. He marrledabout
a year ago an estimable young woman
and expects to become a father 'at' any
time within the next week. He still
persists in declaring his innocence and
stoutly maintains that he has not been
guilty ' of Government
money.
Lynch Much Exercised Over
the Affair- and Claims
Everything Is All Eight
PAUPEBS AEE IMPORTED
DENIES THE SHORTAGE
Commissioner Sargent Will
Ask Congress to Prevent
Colonization of Asylums
Department of Justice Will
: Prpsecute Former Deputy
Internal Kevenue Collector
ALIEN FRAUDS
ARE EXPOSED
ORDERS ARREST
OF G. A. WRIGHT
PRESSMEN'S DANCE
Will Give Their Annual Grand Balhat
the Pavilion To-Night. :
THE: SANgFRANGISGO vGALi:, SATURDAY;vrNOVEl\tBER^5;; 1904.
16
MARKS BROS.
A Special Purchase Brings
Our Customers This
BIG SAVING in .. .
Umbrellas
65c Umbrellas— to-day ...... 39c
75c Umbrellas— to-day. . : : . 50c
$ 1.00 Umbrellas— to-day. . . . . 73c
$1.25 Umbrellas -to-day: .... 98c
$1.75 Umbrellas— to-day. % . $1.25
$2.00 UmbreUas— to-day . . . $i:50
A DRUMMER'S SAMPLE LINE OF
HANDBAGS
Most, Stylish Shapes of the Season.
35c Hand Bags—to-day.. . . : . . 19c
75c Hand Bags— to-day ... 48c
$ 1 .00 Hand Bags— to-day. .. :69c
$1.50 Hand Bags— to-day. :, $1.00
WE TAKE GREAT PRIDE IN
OFFERING THESE
Gorset Savings
50c Corsets— to-day. .... ... 39c
$1.25 Corsets— to-day . ...... 98c
$2.00 Corsets— to-day- ...^ .';$I.5O
' "] A large assortment
STOCK COLLARS f *?**«*. *A*n
¦ . .to select from, 25c
. "I {\r* and; 35c valurs.
* vW To-day's spedal
. P " Cel0C - •
DRAPE. VEILS ]^de* bC ia- e S
• 5 hDrape Veils, ,J#
I JG yards lonV, the 50c
\> \ :-. ; T-^V J Wnd. To-day I5c.
spcSS ¦„ RIBBONS
8c Ribbon -rto-'day. . • • • . . : • •• : 5c
'12^ciRiM)on--to-day . . . . . ..(8c
15c Ribbon— to-da*yV. ... . . . ...lOc
25c Ribbon— to-day. . . '.;. . 1 . r. 15c
ALL RIBBON NOVELTIES TIED
FREE OF CHARGE.
W HOSIERYVVAUIES
V WOMEN'S HOSE IWbmen'syhlte
-'"¦'I (\r+ : >Foot Hose; 20c
I \IC J Wnd. To-day 10c.'
:\ WOMEN'S HOSE 1 IS$L*#i&
, • - v Ribbed Hose, 20c
O 1 /* *k»nd. T b-d a y
¦: WOMEN'S HOSE ] Black Hose,\Jouble
. '¦¦'l' r Q*i ''•" '•he«l and toe, 25c
- ;1 OC : :.;-\ J kind. To-day 18c.
CHILDREN'S HOSE] Fine Ribbed Hose,
lAl^ : I >20c kind. To-day
% Send* in i your name .and we'll mail
free our Fall and Winter Mail-Order
:Bqok-';-::;::;';,V;; : i--:;;";:y-;V;;V':J:;.r
MM0BROS.
«} [-The Home of Honest ' Values
1220-1224 MARKET iSTREET
APVEKTISEMEXTS.
THE OLD RELIABLE
BAY CITY
ESTABLISHED 1675.
II32-S8 LfHtEt SL 25-27-29 Tort St.
NO FHOXE ORDERS TAKEN ON SPECIAL
.SALK DATS.
SPECIAL SALE
EVERT SATURDAY.
Belcw We Quote a Few
SPEGIALS_FOR TO-DAY
2500 GENTHNE SOUTHDOWN SPRING
LA MRS; all choic« selected stock, shipped di-
rect to us from Oregon by the Union Meat
Company of Portland, Or.; strictly union butch-
ers. .
EHOULDER OF SPRING LAMB, per lb ."»c
FORE QUARTER OF SPRING LAMB, per lb.
7c
HIND QUARTER OF SPRING LAMB,
per lb ,....lOc
lOOrt CHOICE EASTERN SUGAR-CURED
HAMS, perlh 12V4c
(While they last.)
PRTMI5 RIB ROAST BEEF, per lb 1214c
CHOICE ROAPT P.EEF. |«?r lb..1Oc and He
CORNRD BEEF <the best), per lb <*«-•
All choice Oregon etall fed etoclc.
ROAST PORK rcorn fed), per lb Oc
ROAST VEAL (fine milk calves), per ib.lS^e
W* receive from the Union Meat Company of
Portland. Or., a carload of meat every day.
Free Delivery to All Parts of the City.
JULIUS LEVIN, Grocery Oep't.
Tlione South 779.
Hl'O^R fbest cane>. IS lbs for S1.OO
EASTERN SUGAR-CURED HAMS 12» 5 c
Extra. Choice Frcrtj CREAMERY BUTTER
<fu!l welirht). regular i5c. ours 45c
COAL OIL. J>-ipil. can. Star or Pearl Water
Whlt». 1» d»cr»*s tf^t. regular $1.35.91.(M>
FRHSII UTAH r>JGS (guaranteed), regular
«0e 3Oc
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, put up by Sperry
«¦ Flour Company. Stockton, reirular $1.25. 91. <M)
HAYDEN'S WHISKY, regular $1*0. our
price C5c
CHARLES STILLMAIN
Bay City Market.
Telephone South 397.
Is the Place Where You Can Find the Choicest
of CREAMERY HUTTER.
WATER WHITE HONEY. 2 combs for 25e
CHOICE SILVER STAR CREAMERY BUT-
TER, per square :M»c
Choicest California, Eastern, Swiss and LJm-
burjrer Cheese. Pure Vermont Maple Sugar tnd
Syrapt.
The Ear Association of San Francisco
Recommend for Re-election as SUPERIOR
JUDGES tbe Present Incumbents
Whoe* Namec Are
JA2XES DC SEAWELL
JAKES M. TEOTJTT
rSA2TX 3. MT7RABXT
rKAUE B. KEERIGAJT
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. *
rXEBH AXTI> SA.1.T ICXATS.
[AC RflVF^ fr C(\ 6h| W )la » Butchery 108
JA2« DUICJ d tU. Clay. T«L Main KS4.
Z.EAKY KOOTS AXTD SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet - Metal ' Works.
117C-117S Mission st. Phone Main W61.
OILS.
LCBRICATINO OILS;' LEONARD A ELLI3.
«18 Front at.. S. F. Phone M«Jn 1719.
L C. HHUGES, ' til Sanaome it.. CL F.
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
GHIRARDELLIS
ADVERTISEMEyTS. • .
IRISH
MOSS>
QOfJGfi
PRESCRIBED BTTHE BEST
| .'V-v HHTEICIANS.rOR'.
Courtis. ' Colds.' ; EouMBtti, ' Bron-
. cbltla. Croup • In Children, and '
All Throat and Lunar Troubles -
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
doctor says "OOXrSUaaTTXOa."
96c : SOO AT 4XL DBUGGISTB
CURES IN A DAY
HAJLE'S. ' f HAIiE'S. « | BALE'S. ;
HfHI Wooltix i ¦Sun. 6aS ns- Added Power j
fc^\Ci+ -•¦•lly ' ¦' The ; colder the weather the wanner, the wooltex sun. It has /f-i^r-v^V-Vi^Bk
S^wQrJ fev¥\^ splendid: news to spread, to-day. Dozens of ' / : f^"'>"''-*.'i-^H^|l
New Wooltex Coats
y^S Have just come. They make their debut this morning. Moth- j^^ry,.^
ers w^° want to S et little girl a new heavy coat, want to pet her
/^^^^'C'\ a tDettcr one t^ lan she as ever ad be f° rc > an d yet want to pay no \V
'^^- ; New Dresses Are Here, Too,
And out first time to-day. S Hints : ',^'i *''" '" I
i~B Coat at $5.00 :: Dress at $5.00
Long coat of heavy cheviot, in navy, brown and tan, Of all-wool serge. In the Buster Bro-wn ¦tyle. I*»*«iJ
with deep cape over the shoulders, large puff sleeves, loose leather belt. Knickerbocker collar, with silk tie, assorted
belted back. Sizes 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14 years. colors. Sizes 6, 8. 10. 12 and 14 years.
'"¦ : ° 4320 Pieces Children's
Underwear Half Price, 16c
K^8M|CT/'f| The greatest children's underwear opportunity of the year;
ki^l ,[' l^'^S^S^S^^ 1^ I A an opportunity to -buy boys and girls new winter weight gar-
li'/i!;j \*\?j l i^ '::"¦' *V1 ments and to pay about half-price.
\' ' £\ 3t|l\T , '1 4320 plain white merino vests, pantalets and drawers, heavy wtnter weight.
I . \9 . JLJJL m i I perfect in every, way.
— _,^v' . ..11 ._ .,. r { The shirts have silk binding around tha neck and down th* front, pearl
I Ml Mil LJ I f buttons and patent finished seams.- Pants and drawers are shaped and. car-
I 1 1" Mil vll 1 rowed, close fitting ankles; every size from 16 to 34, for children from 1 to 14
1 y luvill,!!. I years. Every piece 16c.
I " And every Saturday night / How it happened? That's another story. The values are
till Christmas. j what you are interested in. On sale to-morrow on the -bargain
To-night we inaugurate f table in front of the elevator, main floor.
I the new move .with special I __ , _ . . ~Z, ... . - «
offerings throughout the f Men s Underwear V California Navelade
• whole store. ' V 95c Garment at 23c Bottle
' Share values in this column ° A surprise to^us; a bigger sur-
., . ..,- prise to you. We have seen gar- ine orange. au me goooness
After 6:30 Only m ents at $x. 2S thai : .weren't as good, gg^-j 2SS. STboSffd. '^
In Millinerv Wfi ShTrts y a r re EcTd'wUh^hSSy^Sk^d It's a delicious drink. Concentrated
in millinery SJ? "iSS-muS SSctt^""^? S,,? £S2 ?JJ«dii S^t^SL W S5
$10.00— The »ew Price on beauti- finished seams, three colors. *ray. blue w i" %£%.* fSt^^JI^^-yJ^m
ful trimmed hats exclusive mil- an d tan: all sizes. Garments that have &A *V«^i.«^««i£^ft& *%£ bOtUe<
liners would v charge $18.00 anQ enough cotton in them to keep them Drug store Just inside the door.
$20.00 for. from shrinking. 95c. "Rrinr* Tor Tn-Dav
$4.73-Tne Hew Frlec .on hats that S u^ea4er. at 19c— Men know how un- ISnng IOC lO-U2.y
are worth from $10 to $12. No , usual it is to get suspenders at 25c And Buy |
' 0 !,, D MiJiln en " Tnes * are of ood - strong, elastic Bottle Perfmne— James Ris** iplen-
dld imported models at $10.00. webbing, trimmed with leather. did odors. Or— 2
_. , . , strong: buckles, cast-oft fasteners; a Bathaiweet Sachet— In a package, good
'.;.-¦;•. 40 Dozen Turkish . variety of colors. 19c pair. size. Or—
r» •«.« TP «.! 11 ' — Pocket Comb— In burnt leather case.
Bath lowels 21c - 7 ... ' _ or—
That are good value at 30c: large NeW VeilingS 25C A * Wo01 ****-£*¦'» handy to carry in
.size. 25x48: heavy^nbleached. _ New Sty , es |gf? p a ,, like vaseline. g»
50 Dozen Men's : ; v,;l; g ce these black tuxedos, plain Bi* Can Talcrua Powder— Nearly twice
Shield BOWS 6 for 25C spider web and hair line meshes. 5Sti sul li!L52: M
Six silk ties for less than one would .Then there are maline and mesh you can see the back of your head;
££"&££ y ° U - L^V-ediumand combinations, and others with che- 8
mile and velvet and silk dots. odors. As lasting as they are sweet.
Toy Interest. Mixed Tuxedos. In white and black, 7" '
r» • j.' ;r-» in. gray and blue, white and brown and in Dandv SnaD
Printing; PreSS 39C toua colors, brown, navy, green, pink £ >T , /5i
Regular 75c press. Complete with and yellow. See them to-day at 25c. 3 PaCKageS 10C
pad, full assortment of type, tweezers, — — t>.». »t,_ < . M .t,_t____._ «.._«. j
visiting cards and bronze powders. _— , mr «» . « s that wholesome, pure candy
d^^^SB^ W 4&^ne» in ar S e Sf I uar es, made of popcorn,
$1.50 Curtains at $1.25 P eamns and the Purest molasses.
A special curtain at $1.50. We make ffl mBJ^L^ Z>^^ Thrce bl « packages for loc to-day.
It more sppcial to-night; eight pat- . Jgst \^^:G&O£% OOOO^^^ Tancy Mixed Creama, Bon Boas and
terns, white or ecru: 3\t. yards long * <mi ¦ rr. . — — "^ Csocolates, 23c lto« — Another splen-
and the usual width: gl.25 pair, j Market g-^ tf^^- g> R did candy^anUge you can share