SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY^ NOVEMBER 24, 1904.
VOLUME XCVT— NO. 177.
Justice Smith Finds Rmdence Against Prisoner Is Sufficient
HOLDS WEBER FOR TRIAL
ON A CHARGE OF MURDER
JUSTICE SMITH decid
ed at Auburn yesterday
that Adolph Weber must
stand trial on the charge
•of having murdered his mother.
The prisoner's attorneys will try
to secure his release on bail
pending the trial. The officers
are still endeavoring to find
where the blood-stained revol
ver used by the murderer was
bought and will carry their
search to this city.
It was learned yesterday that
w'hile Weber was y^^g San
Francisco last July he had his
picture taken at a local studio
and that he gave an assumed
name to the attendant.
YOUTHFUL PRISONER WHO MUST STAND TRIAL OX CHARGE OF HA VINO
MURDERED HIS MOTHER. REPRODUCTION OF A NOTE OF THANKS
WRITTEN BY HIM AND ONE OF HIS FORMER FRIENDS.
Continued on Page 2, Column 4
ill and .while, in. a San Francisco hospi
tal was Induced to; sign a paper by
which she. says she unknowingly gave
up the custody, of , her daughter to her
mother-in-law and . husband. , ; Mrs?
Goodwin'. Sr. . is very, wealthy, and J it is
believed the matter , will be settled out
of court.
Continued on Page 2,. Column 3.
"It must be awful nice to. have a lot
of money and be able to sleep in | this
place with forty different species of in
eects as companions," suggested an oc
cupant of another cell, gazing through
the bars at Goodwin.
The badinage was kept up until
Goodwin covered his head with a blan
ket. Then one of the inmates would
PORTLAND. Nov. 23.— It was a sad
night for Edward H. Goodwin, scion of
one of New York's most wealthy and
aristocratic families, when he was im
mured with hoboes and petty larcenlsts
in the city jail. Goodwin's jail mates
discovered his identity and during the
night they kept him in a mental condi
tion bordering on Insanity.
"Say. Beau Brummel," queried a va
irrant, leering in disgusting fashion at
Goodwin, "what's your number In New
York's four hundred?"
Goodwin is the son of the late Ed
ward Goodwin of the firm of Perkins &
Goodwin,' paper makers. New "York. His
sister is the wife of Charlemagne
Tower, former Embassador • to Ger
many. - . •
Goodwin married the daughter of a
San Francisco capitalist In 1S95, ; while
she was attending school In the East.
Deserted by her husband she was taken
In the morning a cash ball of $1000
was accepted. It was Dy the merest
accident that Mrs. Goodwin met. her
recreant spouse in Portland after
searching in \'ain for him elsewhere for
several months. Goodwin tried to buy,
her off for a paltry $100, but the wife
entered complaint against him. The
other woman in the case has dis
appeared.
disturb him. stumbling against him as
"If by accident. The capitalist did not
enjoy his rest.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Fellow- Prisoners Give Society Man Cause to
Remember His Night in Jail.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 23.— Two handsome
and a beautifully embossed emblem be
longing to Prince Fushlml of Japan,
an da beautifully embossed emblem be
longing'to A. Sato, grand .master of
ceremonies at the Japanese court, the
gift and decoration of a European mon
arch to Mr. Safo, have been stolen from
the apartments of the royal '. visitors
at the Buckingham; Club 'while the
Prince and his suite were visiting the
1 world's fair grounds.
The missing Jewels were the favorite
ornaments of the Mikado's cousin, and,
besides aggregating in value, it is said,
between $4000 and $5000, were regarded
as priceless heirlooms by the Prince
and his family.
Japanese Guest of the American Na
tion a Victim of St. Louis
. Thieves.
SHOW NO MERCY TO GOODWIN
PRINCE FUSHIMA ROBBED
OF JEWELS AT THE FAIR
On arriving at the -jail the corre
spondent found Weber pacing up , and
down the long, narrow cell. His hair
was disheveled andJTell In tangles. over
his; low, retreating forehead. . He;. was
dressed in block and wore his cus-
Weber and Wills had been boyhood
friends and were almost Inseparable
until about four years ago. At that
time their paths diverged. Adolph' be
gan to drop all his friends. His life be
came more or less a solitary one. He
still kept up the outdoor athletics, and
occasionally mingled with his old school
friends at any general gathering..; . ;;
About a year ago he had practically
weaned himself away from all the as
sociates of his boyhood days. He went
so far that he finally stopped speaking
to the majority of his former friends.
He devoted his time to reading cheap
novels of the blood and thunder order.
Weber's sense of gratitude, . coupled
with some feeling 6f emotion, still
seemed to exist in him when he sent
word. to the correspondent of The Call
requesting that he visit him at the 4 jail.
1 WRITES NOTE OF THANKS.
"Adrian Wills' friendship' moves me
deeply. He Is the noblest specimen of
God's creation I have known. A year
ago, when I was | sick, he brought me
some quail. Last May I endeavored to
bring about the re-existence of that
happy tie which had embellished our
boyhood days. He responded not to my
effort, and until the fatal evening of
November 10, when I sarfk exhausted
beneath the little magnolia tree In front
of my burning home, no evidence of
recognition passed between us.
"A. WEBER."
TELLS OF OLD FRIENDSHIP.
AUBURN, Nov. 23.— The only sign of
feeling that Adolph Weber has shown
since his arrest is manifested in the
following communication given by him
to a correspondent of The Call, with
the request that it be given publicity:
'¦- "No. What good could they do me?"
DOES NOT CARE FOR COMPANY.
"Would vou not like to have Adrian
Wills come and talk with you?"
"No," replied Weher. "What
could he do me?".
* "If you feel so deeply, touched by the
kindness that Wills showed yon on the
Weber then paced up and down his
cell, apparently lost in deep thought.
Returning to the cell door he bright
ened up slightly, and being asked if he
did not wish to have, his friends visit
him he said:
"No one came near me until Adrian
came up, and calling some of the other
boys raised me to my feet^and carried
me away from that terrible scene. Ha
took me to his home and there his gen
tle sisters dresced my hand and offered
me words of cheer and hope. How can
I ever repay them for their kindness ?
I was alone and friendless, and Adrian
came to my rescue. I shall esteem it a
great favor if you publish thj^3 note,
for I want Adrian Wills to know how
deeply I feel and appreciate the great
kindness he has shown me."
tomary black sweater. About his neck
was a towel. He came slowly forward
and without speaking a word handed
the correspondent a note tightly folded
up. The expression of his face was
worn, tired and sad.
After the correspondent had read ths
note Weber said: "I feel it a duty I
owe to Adrian Wills to make this
statement. Will you please publish it
in The Call? I read the remarks of
Adrian in your paper. What he said
was true. We had drifted apart. It
was my fcault. not his. For a year we
had seen nothing of each other. But I
can never forget the kindness and
great sympathy he showed to me that
awful night when I lay stunned and
bleeding under ' the magnolia. t*«^ •"*
front- of my burning home.
Appreciates kindness*
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAYS ADRIAN WILLS FIRST GAVE HIM
SOLACE ON NIGHT OF TRAGEDY.
WEBER APPRECIATES
KINDNESS SHOWN TO
HIM BY OLD FRIEND
The action against the firm was be
gun in April of last' year and its pur
pose was- to restrain the defendants
from disposing of certain shares of the
i Bay State Company, as well as* bonds
of the Buffalo City Gas Company.
>' After denying the allegations of the
bill of complaint, Lawson declares that
J. Edward Addlcks of. Delaware sh'ould
be joined in the suit as a defendant.
Conspiracy and fraud are denied by
Thomas . W. Lawson in an amendment
to a demurrer which he filed to-day in
the Massachusetts Supreme Court 'in a
suit brought against Lawson, Welden
feld & Co. by the Bay State Gas Com
pany of Delaware.
"Please, Wall street,' stand by on
Friday next, and don't forget the hour
or the amounts and names of the stocks
which I will be compelled to slaughter.
"THOMAS W. LAWSON.
"P. S. — I would throw over my lines
to-day, in accordance with the pro
gramme advertised by the financial
critics, but for the fact that I wish to
enjoy Thanks^ivinff day, which I could
not do if I knew I had been ruined.
;> . ; "T. W. L."
j cretion '. and mightily long of enthu
i siasm.
"If- after I have investigated the in
formation as above I find it to be cor
rect I will, in deference to the prayers
of my friends and well wishers of the
street, dump over this line at 11 o'clock
en Friday next, the day following that
pet apart by our President for general
rejoicing, and the favor I ask is that
the etreet stand by and see that I get
good prices, thereby perhaps prevent
ing the financial ruin of one who has
been caught tremendously short of dis-
"It has come to rr.y attention during
the past few dars that I am loaded to
the gunwales with Amalgamated, Sugar
and Pacific Mail, to wit, 300,000, 80,030
and 40,000 shares, respectively, and as
the rrarket is declining and I am on the
point of foeiru? compelled to let go, in
¦which event there will be music to a
clow and a low tune, I earnestly ask
your assistance.
BOSTON*. Nov. 2S.— Thomas W. Law
son issued a statement to-night in
¦which he says that he will dump three
enormous blocks of stocks on the mar
ket on Friday, and asks bis friends of
the street to stand by him t<» "prevent
his ruin." He save:
It is not -known, whom. Weber. ' sus
pects, but 'he intimated to'Under Sher
iff | May that the person did not live far
from :*the Weber: home) The two near
est .neighbors [are ,the Snowdehs^ !and
the Rechenmachers. .; Rechenmacher; is
the owner of the Auburn Brewery,' hav-'
ing . purchased "it 'from .Julius -'Weber
About ten , years . ago^.7 He is a German,
SAYS HE SUSPECTS NEIGHBOR. x
Weber says } he • wants . to swear to a
complaint charging some one else with
; the murder of his family. • He intimated
to Under- Sheriff May. : this morning
that there are several persons whom he
suspects. The 'Sheriff's office thinks he
i Is, making a bluff to bolsterup his fast
.waning courage.- *At the close of court
to-day District Attorney ' Robinson
called attention to the desire expressed
by the defendant, .and suggested v that
; Justice Smith r remain* to issue. "the war
rants. Weber's counsel immediately got
1 their heads together, \ consulted with
him and then announced that there
! would be no complaint filed by' the pris
; oner. ¦ .'- ,'. •:,¦..¦'¦• .'"' - ¦¦*:'•*.*, :
Weber's . attorneys announced to
night thaf they will make application
for bail to Judge . Prewett. Sheriff
Keena was- in Sacramento to-day look
ins for some one to Identify. the pistol
found in; the barn. He* returned this
evening unsuccessful. He will resume
his search in San Francisco. It is pos
stt»le that the pistol may have been
purchased through a mail-order house
in the East. «- '-'-. . ¦^¦r*.-^-;
Had Justice Smith failed to hold him,
Weber would have, been rearrested on
the . charge of killing his father, his
sister or his little brother. Except for
a slight flush which crept over his face,
young, Weber showed no visible sign of
emotion when he .heard the decision
committing him for trial. After court
adjourned he remained for some min
utes In > earnest conversation with his
attorney, Ben P. Tabor. He wrote a
couple of pages of manuscript for his
attorney, presumably notes taken dur
ing-the hearing."
The strain ' is beginning ; to tell on
Weber. Usually he walks into ¦ the
courtroom wl(h elastic step | and with
head and shoulders erect. To-day he
held down his' head and his step was
slow. It is the belief of the officers
that it is only a question of time until
he breaks down and tells everything.
AUBURN, Nov., 23.— Adolph J. Web
er, 'the youth- accused of ..killing his
family,' will' face a Jury on the specific
charge of having murdered his mother.
Justice Smith, at the conclusion of the
preliminary hearing to-day, committed
the prisoner for trial and refused him
balL ¦ ".'..-.'
The latest rumor concerning the pis
tol found in the barn is that the officers
have ascertained that a boy, James
Armstrong, sold a 32-callber pistol to
Eugene Rodehaver a few weeks ago.
At a dance Rodehaver hid the. pistol
outside, not wishing to take it Into the
hall. When he went to look for it later
it was gone. This story haa^not been
confirmed.
The officers now believe that the
shells (Peter's make) could have been
purchased in Auburn. One hardware
store here carries them, but R. J. Han
cock, the proprietor, does not recall
selling, any to Weber. Sheriff Keena
has inquired in Sacramento, and finds
but one hardware store that keeps the
Peters shells, Baker & Hamilton, and
the firm only sells at wholesale. The
pistol is not anew one. It shows rust
well eaten into the metal, and it may
be difficult to locate the. seller. The
number is 19554. It is an Iver Johnson
make, and the factory is located at
Fitchburg, Mass.
Weber sent word __ from the jail this
evening that he wanted to see John
Adams, his guardian, alone. His re
quest was not granted. Several days
ago Sheriff. Keena gave orders that no
one should be allowed to see the pris
oner without | an officer being j present,
.and this rule will be strictly enforced.
Weber's"". cell has been carpeted • and
bedding put- in and everything arranged
for his comfort, but he will not : be al
lowed any more liberties than other
prisoners^
• He complained of lack of exercise
Tuesday, >¦ and Jailer Fulton put up a
, punching bag for him. . His boxing
gloves were .found in the barn to-day.
FOLIiOWIXG UP BANK ROBBERY.
/.Now that the preliminary examina
tion has"been concluded interest centers
more strongly, in the bank robbery case.
TRYING TO TRACE PISTOL.
and was a close friend of the Weber
family; Both Rechenmacher and Mrs.
Snowden, young Weber's aunt, have
talked very plainly to AdoFph about
the crime and his apparent indiffer
ence as to the identification of the mur
derer. They both believe- him guilty
and have told him so. Rechenmacher
is of a very sympathetic nature, and
on the night of the discovery of the
murders was almost prostrated with
grief.
To The Call correspondent Rechen
macher said to-day: "My God. I cannot
see how any human being could com
mit such a terrible crime, but If Adolph
did it, I hope he will be shown no
mercy." ;
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to The CalL
is in or near St. Louis, the prisoner of
persons at present unknown, and is be
ing held for. ransom. These facts were
learned to-night from his sister-in-law,
Mrs. Langhorne Putney, who returned
from St. Louis and is now with' the
boy's grief-stricken parents.
According- to Mrs. Putney,- her hus
band, the young man's brother, who is
now in St. Louis, received a brief, un
signed note saying that Putney was
safe and well and.would be held until a
sum large, enough to pay his captors
for their trouble was produced. Mr.
Putney, she, said, was preparing to
open negotiations for his jansom. Fur
ther particulars are not known here.
Young Putney's case is a mysterious
one. He was with his sister-in-law,
Mrs. Langhorne Putney, in 'the World's
Fair grounds on November 16. He was
carrying her handbag, . containing
money and valuable Jewelry. Suddenly
Mrs. Putney missed him, and until to
day not a word had been heard "of him.
There are reasons for believing that a
woman assisted those' who decoyed him
away. The boy is 16 years old, six feet
tall and weighs 165 pounds. He is the
grandson of former United States Sen
ator Withers of Virginia.
RICHMOND, Va., Nov. 23.— After
having been missing for two weeks,
Stephen Putney Jr., the son of Stephen
Putney, the Richmond millionaire and
manufacturer, has been heard from. He
Promises to Dump Three Enormous
Blocks of Stock Upon Market.
Special Dleratch to The Call.
Says He Suspects Neighbor
ENDEAVORS TO THROW
OFFICERS OFF TRAIL
LAWSON SENDS ECCENTRIC
APPEAL TO WALL STREET
Straiely Kidnaped
on World's Fair
Grounds.
RICH MAN'S
SON IS HELD
FOR RANSOM
The President is still Indignant that
Chairman Cortelyou should have been
charged with utilizing secrets he gained
es Secretary of the Department of
Commerce and Labor for the benefit of
the Republican party. He intends that
In the future no such charges can be
made against an cfficiaL •
The President has already sanctioned
th. bill, pending in Congress, making
two States out of the four Territories
One recommendation the President
mill make in his message .s that the
laws relating to information collected
by the Bureau of Corporations of the
Department of Commerce and Labor be
changed so that the information ob
tained wili be for the benefit of the
public The President and Commis
sioner Gar£eld have gone over this
eubject very carefully, but the Presi
dent is in doubt as to how much of the
Information obtained should b; given
to the jiublic. He dc«s not wish to
make public facts ¦which will unneces
sarily injure the business of great cor
porations, yet he feels there are certain
details of the business of which the
public is entitled to be apprised.
CHECK OX CAMPAIGN CAXARDS.
(«*TT. BTTREA.T7. HOTEI* BARTON,
Nov. 23.— President
Haosevelt has about concluded the
cf his message to Congress. He
Intesfls leaving the tariff discussion for
a e>edal message, to be sent either to
ths present Cosgress after it shall
fcave cosvened or to an extra session
\rhieh he may caJL The President has
bad many conferences during the writ
ing of the message with Attorney
General Moody, Secretary Metcalf of
the Department of Commerce and La
bor and Commissioner Garfield of the
Bureau of Corporations, at which sug
gestions were given to the President as
to what he seal] say on the trust ques
tion.
The message will be^about the same
length as those previously sent to Con
gress by President Roosevelt.
The message will set forth the work
that has been accomplished by the
Isthmian Canal Commission since its
formation. The President will admit
that the work has not progressed very
repidly, but will say that systems had
to be worked out and arrangements
made for the proper carrying oi\ of
operations.
There will be a review of foreign re
lations, the condition of the treasury,
the relations between capital and labor,
public lands and insular possessions.
The President will recommend that a
lower rate of duty be provided for
goods coming into this country from
the Philippine Islands.
He will devote considerable space to
a discussion of the principle of inter
national arbitration as a method of
settling disputes between nations. He
will discuss also the need of another
meeting at The Hague for the
tion of arbitration. -' -;<••¦
of Indian Terrttoryt Oklahoma, Arizona
and New Mexico, and his message will
declare that this bill should be acted
upon. A determined fight will be made
against it. The people. of Arizona and
New Mexico do not want to be Joined
in a single State, and the people of In
dian Territory and Oklahoma are
equally as determined that this should
not be done. The residents of Indian
Territory maintain that In annexing:
them to Oklahoma they would have no
voice in the . management of their own
affairs, as by far the greater part of
the voting: population lives in what is
now Oklahoma.
The continuance of the present sys
tem for the upbuilding of the navy
will be recommended. The President
will again urge the construction of a
naval base in the Philippine Islands.
PROGRESS OX THE ISTHMUS.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SEQUEL TO PARKER'S* ATTACK
Important • Change in Law
Relating to Trusts Will
Be Advocated.
PRESIDENT WILL MAKE NO
TARIFF RECOMMENDATION
IN MESSAGE TO CONGRESS
The San Francisco Call.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at\£aa FraaeitoePfor
thirty hours, ending mM^C^tVKmretir
b«r 2*: • L« T ••_
Eaa Frandico aadi rlctnlty'^-CIoudy,
nawttled weather Thurfiay;, prob*blr
shower*; fresh southeast wiada,
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
ALCAZAR— "The VUlaga Postmaster."
CALIFORNIA— "The Ronaways."
CENTRAL— "Queen of the Whit*
Slave*." —
COLUMBIA— "Her Own "Way."
CHUTES— Vaudeville .
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— 'The Show Girl."
MAJESTIC— "The Tamtae cf Helen."
ORPHEUM — Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "The Mesaenser Boy."
Matinees at all Theaters to-day.
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. . All
drus gist » refund the money If it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c. •
President Congratulates Czar.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 23.—Em
peror Nicholas has received a letter
from President Roosevelt, congratu
lating him upon the birth of jin heir
and tendering good wishes for a suc
cessful and illustrious >cign.
Family 'Spends Last Summer at' Lodg-
: .' ; ingg in This City.V
¦During the sojourn of Julius; Weber
and his family In this city lasfTsummer
they had handsome apartments at the
Apollo; 626 Eddy street- . - . ... r ..
Mrs. L;:Muston,Mhe proprietress, is
WEBER ALWAYS. ECCENXRICl
NEW^YORK, Noy. 23.— An automo
bile driven by Morris Ward, a chauf
feur, arid owned by Guy Loomis, a
prominent business and society man
of Brooklyn? was 'overturned - at Ave-.
nue'D and 'ttie\' Brighton Bea'ch"cr6ss
ing to-day by a motor car of the
Brighton Beach road and Ward was
killed. Loomis . received severe in
juries.'
Chauffeur Killed In Collision.
HAVANA, Nov. 23.— The House
committee has reported favorably the
bill prohibiting religious ( processions
or functions except within churches.
To Limit Church Functions.
MADRID, Nov. 23.-^-The Govern
ment has prepared an anti-anarchist
bill, which will be introduced in the
Chamber to-morrow. _ .There has, been
such an' increase in the number of na
tive and foreign .anarchists, who are
carrying on a persistent* propaganda,
that the Ministry is determined to in
stitute vigorous repressive measures.
Government to Introduce a Bill in
the Chamber lo Suppress
" Them. ) ,, ¦ :
SPAIN TO TAKE. ACTION
K 'AGAIXST ANARCHISTS
BERLIN, Novi 23. — Emperor Wil
liam, while traveling from the launch
ing of the battleship Deutschland at
Kiel to Silesia for big game shooting,
stopped in Berlin long enough to re
ceive on board his special train a mes
senger from the Emperor of Austria,
who placed in his Majesty's hands an
autograph communication from Em
peror Francis Joseph. Nothing is
known of its contents. The German
-Emperor also received in one of the
cars of his special train, fitted up as
an office, a representative of the For
eign Office. The train then continued
on its journey toward Silesia.
Unknown.
ter, but Its Contents Are
i
Special Messenger Sent With Uie Let-
KAISER RECEIVES MESSAGE
FROM AUSTRIAN EMPEROR
ington, ¦ where she will be the guest
of Mrs. Frank Mackey of Chicago.
McKee is touring Italy in his automo
bile. , • . .. : v • -¦
PARIS, Nov. 23. — Society is on edge
with curiosity because Mrs. Hugh
Tevis, .the beautiful and wealthy
American widow, and A. Hart McKee,
the Pittstxurg millionaire, have" sep
arated. " Boudoir gossip has it that
they have quarreled Irrevocably. Mrs.
Tevis is about to leave here for Leam-
trothal Has Been Broken by
a Quarrel.
Paris Rumor Has It That Their Be-
. very popular at the Apol
lo. | She ' wa jP| studious and devoted a
large portion of - her time to music.
They all appeared happy. •
j5 •: It was particularly, .noticed . that^he
."waSi* never .without.; his .light- colortd
slou,ch;,hat. * [Whenever he went into the
r^ctptipri'Voo/ri :6f >the ..Apollo to play
the-planq^he'stDl kept his hat on. In
apartmVrifs aSt ' his ' family he in
¦Variabjy.^Syore- his 'hat./ It was noted
: tliat /even >: wheni at his : meals he kept
his > bat • dnf> HlsTmother was heard to
fcequently'Vembristraie with him for so
"doing",;; JJutfall :_ to. no'avall. He would
weHr ,th'e' hat 'on any, every and, all oc
•'¦'casioAs.v Adolph rarely went out even
.ir.gsV" "when he ,was not playing chess
dr. playing -the j^piano he was lost in
reading. * He', had very little to say to
the' merriber8 'of ': his family. Julius
: Weber,' f ,thev father, was very quiet.
: Mrs. :Weber: arid; little Earl went out to
the {be"achf every day. Earl was lame
a'ndmen tally' weak. He could not talk,
j and walked with great difficulty. "•
away from town, but her young son,
Lawrence, who is in charge during his
mother's absence, says the Weber fam
ily was very quiet.- Adolph sp'ent most
of his time eitHer playing chess or
drumming on [ the piano. He would sit
for hours playing a solj.taire game of
chess. At times he would', be so com
.pletely lost in the gameJthat he would
pay ,*no attention to any of his surround
ings. He Would receive* a dozen or so
postal cards every day, sent him appar
ently from different persons, all being
relative to chess",, playing. Some of
them appeared' to be from pupils asking
for advice about making.certaln movei
Others were from persons who ten
dered to him votes of thanks for the in
structions he ; bad given them in the
game. The postal cards came In such
numbers that |';it caused _ comment by
all who happened to be. present when
;the mail carrier arrived. Mjfc :
The submarine boats referred to in
the dispatch from Tokio are probably
the five boats shipped from Quincy
Point, Mass.. early in October last
overland to the Pacific Coast. They
were valued at nearly $4,000,000 and
were understood to be intended for
Japan. The boats occupied seventeen
steel flatcars and six boxcars. They
were shipped In sections and each car
was carefully covered with canvas,
which concealed the contents. There
was not the slightest mark on any of
the cars to indicate the contents or the
destination and those who made In
quiries on the subject received the
stereotyped answer that the covered
masses were a part of a large shipment
of machinery destined for the West
MRS. HUGH TEVIS AXD
-J HART McKEE SEPARATE
Five American-Built Vessels for the
•Japanese Navy.
TOKIO, Nov. 23. — Five submarine
vessels arrived at Yokohama to-day.
Assumes Another's Name When in
-' This City Several Months Ago. •
On July 3 last Adolph Weber, under
the assumed name of Alfred West,
was in this city and had his photo
graph taken at Hodson's studio, 11
Stockton street He gave his^address
as 1235 Bush street.
Weber never lived at the address
given on Bush street, nor is known by
the occupants of the house. . t Mrs.
Pretch, who occupies the house, does
not know the young man.
, However, at 1223 Bush street there
is a family of the name of West, and
the son, Alfred, 17 years of age, four
months ago had his picture taken at
11 Stockton street. Young West had
been in the McNutt Hospital for three
months and only returned to his home
a few days ago. ¦ -~
When seen yesterday he disclaimed
knowing any youth by. the name of
Adolph Weber, nor did he know of
any one taking his name, Alfred West!
T,he photograph West had taken in
no way resembles that taken of Weber
'at the -same studio and under the
same name.
¦5 Alfred West is a well-spoken youth
of gentle bearing and quite the oppo
site of the young man who on, July
3 visited the Stockton-street "studio
and by his uncouth and strange^ac
tions' caused the attendant to remark
on his peculiarities. ., ;r\- % '. ''';..
' That Adolph "Weber had hi8 .pic
ture taken at the studio is certain," but
how he came to give the, name of '"A*!-!
•fred West of 1235 Bush street," where
no such person was known, and ttvit>
there, should be~ ;a : real ; living Alfred
West about his age living but" a: few
'doors - from . the • address makes the
matter all the 'more mysterious. :
y\ That Weber is a stranger * to the
neighbors '. in the vicinity of ,the two
addresses given Is .that
young- West '; was absolutely 'ignorant
of- the ;existence-'of " such a' person as
Adolph' Weber untll;the recent revela-.
tionsiS vouched for by -the lad himself
and various 'members of *hls^ family.
"Weber alone can ¦ explain Vwhy he'asf,
sumed the name- of 'West when hay
ing his' picture, taken. - ;;:
Wooster National Announces That It
Will Go Into Voluntary
Liquidation."
WOOSTER, Ohio, Nov. 23.-^-Great
excitement was occasioned here to
day by a noy ce placed on the door of
the Wooster National Bank, saying:
"This bank is closed by order of the
directors to go into voluntary liquida
tion." Vj. • ¦
No explanation of the notice has
been given 'so far. L. P. Ohlinger is
president of the bank, which is among
the oldest in this section of the State.
WEBER'S MYSTERIOUS ACTION.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. — Dis
pleased by the actions of some na
tives, Mr. Davis, the American Con
sul at Alexandretta. is reported to
have lowered the American flag from
the consulate during a recent cele
bration in honor of the accession of
the Sultan. It is said the officials and
people 4 of Alexandretta regard the ac
tion of' the Consul as an insult, and it
is expected at the State Department
that a complaint on the subject will
reach here soon from Constantinople.
Should the Turkish Government
request the recall of Mr. Davis the
State Department would comply with
the request and he probably would be
given another assignment, unless it
should be known that his action was
unwarranted. *
Regarded as Highly Probable That
, He Will Be Recalled From
Alexandretta.
LONG ESTABLISHED BANK
IX OHIO CLOSES DOORS
¦AMERICAN CONSUL DAVIS
DISPLEASES THE TURKS
Work Commenced on Xew Railroad.
PHOENIX, A. T., Nov. 23.—Track
laying began to-day near Wickenburg
on the Arizona and California Rail
road, one of the Santa Fe lines in its
Arizona system and designed eventual
ly to become a part of the trunk line
through Central Arizona. This road
will run from Wickenburg west across
the Colorado River, uniting with the
Santa Fe at Bengal, CaL About twen
ty-five miles of grade is finished.
CHARGED WITH CRIME
LIKE THE WEBER CASE
Arbitration Pact With Portugal.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. — Secre
tary Hay and Viscount de Alte to-dajr
signed an arbitration treaty between
the United States and Portugal. Tha
treaty Is identical with the American-
French arbitration treaty.
Mother and Children In Pennsylvania
Accused of Murder and
Arson.
TOWANDA, Pa., Nov. 23. — The
Grand Jury to-day found, true bills
against Mrs. Sophia Merritt, the
mother, and Charles, Bigler, Alonzo
and Nancy Johnson, her children,
charging them with murder and ar
son. The mother and her four chil
dren are charged with killing Maggie
Johnson, wife of Bigler Johnson, and
her 10-year-old niece, Annie ?Benja
min, on the night of September 18.
and afterward setting fire to the
house and burning the bodies.
Fresh interest was aroused in the
case by the reports of confessions by
Charles and Blg-ler Johnson, the de
tails of which are not made public by
the officials.
UN'IOX PACIFIC PAYROLLS
REPORTED TO BE STUFFED
Gigantic Frauds Said to Have Been
Unearthed In the Omaha
'^ : J Office. " •
DENVER, Nov. 22. — Gigantic
frauds in the Union Pacific payrolls
are said to have been unearthed, and
as a result the pay checks are now
being distributed personally through
out the Western section of the coun
try. Robbery is safd to have been un
earthed in the auditor's office at
Omaha. Checks, It is reported, were
made out in favor of dummies.
SENDS THANKSGIVING
TURKEY TO ROOSEVELT
Horace Vose, as Is His Custom, Pre
sents Fine Bird -to the Presi
kV;);R- dent.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— For
twenty-five years Horace Vose of West
erly, R. I., has presented each year
to the President of the United States
a fine turkey for . his Thanksgiving
dinner. Vose's bird arrived at , the
White House to-day. It, is a . fine
specimen, weighing between thirty
five and forty pounds. ,
Issues Certificate to Knowland.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 23. — Governor
Pardee to-day issued a certificate of
election to Gongressmyi-elect J. R.
Knov.iand of Alameda. Knowland was
not qnly elected for the two-year term,
but for the unexpired term of Victor
H. Aletcalf. now. Secretary of Com
merce and Labor.
lineman Is Killed by a Train.
RENO, Nev., Nov. 23.— J. S. Harding,
a lineman employed by | the Southern
Pacific, was to-day run down and in
stantly killed by a freight train near
Prosser Creek. His home was , in
Truckee, where he leaves a widow. .
The officers feel certain 'that young
Weber also committed that crime. "The
murders and the bank robbery were
committed by the same person," says
the Sheriff. 2The pistol used by the
bank robber was o£;22 caliber and was
found on the hillside below town. It
has been identified by Mr.'. Lichtenstein
of Sacramento and his description of
the purchaser tallies exactly with that
of Weber. "Cashier McFadyen says
Weber tallies in size with, the robber.
Weber was,- seen on the. hillside on the
day of .-the. '.robbery. A posse was im
mediately organized after; the robberj\
but the only 1 trace of the robber found
was a pair of overalls, a mask made
from a piece; of ticking anaV the pistol.
The money. J.was never., found. Many
think- that thja money.' was returned to
the bank officials and Intimate that
Julius Weber, ; .*the " father of Adolph,
made good the" loss. The bank officials
denied this story, and to a Call reporter
to-day Vice President Lubeck denied it
again.
Lubeck believes the money will never
¦ be found. There are others, however,
who believe it is hidden not far from
the Weber home, and the hills are full
of searchers every day.
- .
SUBMARINE BOATS ARRIVE.
headquarters:
"On Monday, November 21, at 6:30
o'clock in the morning, our detach
ment advanced toward Weitzuku,
north of Sienehuang, and attacked and
occupied the enemy's bivouacking
ground. Subsequently a superior force
of the enemy gradually pressed our
left flank and rear. Receiving: rein
forcement?, we drove the enemy
toward Chenholin at 9:30 o'clock. The
.enemy's strength was about 600 In
fantry and 300 cavalry, with four
guns. The enemy left thirty-nine dead
on the n>ld. We took six prisoners,
ap well as spoils, including thirty
rifles, entrenchment tools, ammunition,
etc. Our casualties were Sub-Lieuten
ant Inouye wounded and twenty-eight
men killed or wounded."
TOKIO, Nov. 23. — The army head
quarters yesterday received the follow
ing telegram from the Manchurian
Russian.* Driven From Bivouacking
Ground Ix*ave Many Dead.
| Continued ¦Fronr g> Pag'Q- lnr Column 5.
night of the tragedy, and if you feel so
deeply moved by his sympathy as to
indite this little note, it appears strange
that you do not want him to visit you,"
suggested the correspondent.
"Well, strange or not, I do not care
to see him, for he can do me no v^ood."
"You are in sore straits just now,"
said the correspondent, "and the advice
and counsel of a friend might be of
.value to you."
"No." slowly replied the prisoner. "I
cannot think of any advice that I need.
I feel that I can take care of myself."
With that he slowly turned and
walked to the rear of his cell.
Continued Pram Page -A, Column.. 7 r
MIXOU JAPANESE VICTORY.
Contributions are being raised for
the homeless sufferers in various parts
ot the republic and the Government
has ordered a Cargo of corn, rice and
beans from San Francisco.
Mejdco, Nov. 23. — Ad
vices received from Tegucigalpa, the
capital of Honduras, states that a hur»
ricane has devastated the northern
shores of that country. Entire vil
lages have been destroyed and crops
of fruits and cereals ruined. The loss
of life among the-coast Indians is said
t<« have been large.
dered by the Republic From
This City. * i?
Supplies to Relieve the Stricken Or-
WEBER APPRECIATES - KINDNESS.
HOLDS WEBER FOR TRIAL.
GREAT DESTRUCTION FROM
HURRICANE IX HONDURAS
Grand Jury Indicts County Treasurer
PRESCOTT, A. T., Nov. 23.— The Ter
ritorial Grand Jury submitted its final
report this evening:. Included in in
dictments were four against the recent
ly deposed County Treasurer. J. P.
Storm, who figured as victim of alleged
robbers on the night • ' November 6. A
warrant was issued immediately under
the indictments for Storm's arrest and
he \rlll be again taken into custody.
Judge Sloan fixing the bond at $10,000.
Baltic Fleet Xears Suez Canal.
PORT SAID, Nov. 24. — The Rus
sian second squadron was sighted at
6 o'clock this morning.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 23.—Ade
lina Patti will give a concert here De
cember 11 for the benefit of the Rus
sian wounded. She volunteered her
services out of gratitude for the fact
that her first great triumph occurred
in Russia. i V '
Patti to Sine for War Victims.
"On Monday night, November 21, the
enemy made a counter attack on our
force in front of the north fort of the
eastern group of forts on Keekwan
Mountain. The attack was repulsed."
TOKIO. Nov. 23.— A telegram from
the headquarters of the Japanese Third
Army, besieging- Port Arthur, dated at
midnight, November 22, says:
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— The Japa
nese Legation has received the follow
ing cablegram from Tokio:
" ' "Port Arthur army reports that build
inps near the arsenal caught fire at
about noon on November 22, owing to
bombardment by our naval guns. At
9:40 o'clock this morning they were still
burning."
LONDON, Nov. 24. — The Japanese,
according to a dispatch from Chefu to
the Chronicle, are reported to have cap
tured the British steamship, Tungchow,
laden with 30,000 cases of canned meat
for Port Arthur.
Copenhagen telegrams report that
the supplementary detachment of the
Russian second Pacific squadron is still
detained at Skagon by storms. m
The Daily Telegram's correspondent
at Port Said says the Russian warships
when berthed will be completely iso
lated from other shipping and that they
will be allowed to take on water and
provisions, but the correspondent adds
that it is still rather uncertain that
they will be permitted to coal, the au
thorities seeming to be undecided on
that point.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— A dispatch from
Tokio to the Standard reports increas
ing desertions from the Port Arthur
garrison into the Japanese lines, the
stories the deserters tell indicating the
demoralization of the Russian defend
ers. The same correspondent says the
Russian defenders on the sea front of
Port Arthur.-no longer fire on the ap
proach of the Japanese warships.
A Japanese* correspondent, writing to
the Morning Post, betrays growing
anxiety concerning the Russian second
Pacific squadron, which probably is due"
to the "strength of Port Arthur's re
sisting power." He points out the in
consistency of Egypt in permitting
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's ships to
coal when not going to a Russian port,
compared with Ahe refusal of such
facilities when the Spanish admiral,
Camara, wanted to take the battleship
Pelayo by the Suez route six years ago,
and maintains that it is Great Britain's
business to compel Egypt to maintain
neutrality in the present case.
BATTLE OF SHAKHE
IS ABOUT TO BE
RESUMED
The spirits of the men are good and
the food is satisfactory. The rations of
the men at the outposts and in the ad
vance trenches are sent to them at
night, as it would be impossible to do
so during the day, because the Japan
ese shell every convoy. •
The Japanese also are being strongly
reinforced. The rivers are already
frozen sufficiently to permit of the
movement of artillery and commissariat
trains, so that the country actually is
better adapted to a Japanese advance
than^uring' the summer.
MtfKDEN, Nov. 23. — General Kuro-
T&tkin has permitted men who have
captured horses to sell them to officers,
the' proceeds to go to the families of
men killed in battle.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 24— (2:25
a. m.)-— Appearances again point to the
possibility of a big: battle south of
Mukden. The Japanese, according to
an official reDort. have received a se
vere setback in the vicinity of Sintsin
tin. in which direction they appar
ently were attempting to execute a
wide turning movement. The opinion
here is that it is scarcely possible that
the two great armies can winter less
than a rifle-shot distance from one an
other, though Ae heavy defenses on
each side make it extremely difficult
for either to assume the offensive.
It is believed, however, that if the
deadlock is to be broken. General Kuro
patkin will let Field Marshal Oyama
take the initiative, as the Russians
have the better of the present position,
namely, a strong line of defense and
Mukden behind them, making satisfac
tory winter quarters, where the Rus
sian reinforcements are now accumu
lating for an advance next spring.
INCREASING DE
SERTIONS AT PORT
ARTHUR.
BRITISH BLOCKADE
RUNNER TAKEN
BY TOGO
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 23.—In
terior, Minister Sviatopolk-Mirsky has
removed Klongenberg, Governor of
Moghileff, because of his harsh meas
ures, against, the Jews, contrary to his
recent orders.
Mirsky Removes a Governor.
ST.. PETERSBURG, Nov. 23.^The
meeting of the Zemstvoists is ended,
the members dispersing td their homes,
and in a few days the news of their
action will be spread throughout Rus
sia, to the Finnish Gulf, the- Caspian
Sea, Poland and the Ural Mountains.
They are leaving In high spirits,-confi
dent that, no matter what'"' the. immedi
ate results, the days, November 19 to
22, will mark a turning point in Rus
sian history. ¦ , '..
"The Rubicon is crossed. Noi* retreat
is possible," is the unanimous senti
ment. , . -
At last night's joint meeting 6f~ edi
tors and literary men and the Zemst
vos the greatest enthusiasm prevailed
and the fullest ssupport was pledged to
thp programme adopted. '-.Interior Min
ister Sviatopolk-aiijsky ' nai> informed
the Zemstvoists 'that he will lay" the
memorial resolutions before the.'Em
peror, and while he' made no promise
regarding his personal recommenda
tions, the Zemstvoists are satisfied that
the Prince will not leave the Emperor
in the^ dark regarding the ; breadth,
strength and •import .of the movement
There is an intimation that the Em
peror has already, been advised of the
action of the meeting anli ; has express
ed himself as unfavorable -to it. Ac
cording to a story which -Is toid .with
much circumstantiality, Pobiedonost-'
seff. the Procurer General of the Holy
Synod, informed the Emperor .that in
his opinion autocracy Had reached the
parting of the ways."* There was
no middle course. He must hold firmly
to the old regime or be prepared to
grant a constitution. Pobiedonostseff
is said to have contented himself with
an- expression of this opinion, without
tendering any advice. Thereupon, the
st6ry goes, the Emperor called a family
council, at which opinion was practi
cally % united against yielding an iota.
The young Empress, when asked for
her view, is said to have replied briefly:
"I do not wish to see my son blown
up."
SALONICA, European Turkey. Nov.
23. — Snow hinders the operations of the
troops sent against the Greek bandJ
entrenched southwest of Vedona, whose
outrages are terrorizing the -vicmlty.
The whole western part of the vilayet
of Salonica Is swarming with bands of
murderous Christians^ both Greek' and
Bulgarian, each of which is systemat
ically trying to weed out the most
prominent adherents of the other. .Mur
ders are frequent in Salonica itself and
are perpetrated with Impunity.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— A report
received in Washington through official
sources says that a state- of anarchy
has become epidemic throughout Mace
donia, that public security has by. no
means been restored and that assas
sinations of Christians not in sym
pathy with the Bulgarian revolutionary
movement are of dally "occurrence. It
says that Greeks, as a rule, are tha
victims and large numbers of them
have been tortured, with the result that
the Greeks have started bands across
the frontier of Greece with retaliation
as their purpose. An extract from tha
report says:
"Public security Is by no means re
stored in Macedonia- So-called political
murders — that is, the assassination of
Christians not in sympathy with the
Bulgarian revolutionary movement, are
of daily occurrence. Refusal to- pay
blackmail or the indication of ¦ tha
whereabouts of bands are reasons for
these murders, of which Greeks as a
rule are victims. Since the introduc
tion of reforms hundreds of Greeks of
the better class have been tortured to
death or burned alive by Bulgarian
bands."
. It also is stated that "these would-ba
savers of the country take good .care
not to molest the Turks." Another ex
tract from the report reads:
"In response the Greeks have now
started bands and have taken the law
into their own hands. Over 1000 men
In the last month have crossed the
Greek frontier with the object of pro
tecting their own countrymen. The
result is that a state of anarchy has
become prevalent throughout Mace
donia."
Because of the important part played
by torpedo craft in the war In the Far
East, It is deemed advisable that the
larger vessels of this type be command
ed by lieutenant commanders. To illus
trate how much older the captains of
the American navy are than those of
foreign navies, the report says the
youngest American commander on the
day he attained that rank was older
than the average age of Japanese and
about the same as the average of Eng
lish/and German captains. He had
passed the compulsory retirement age
for Japanese captains and was within
sixteen months of the compulsory re
tirement age for German and English
officers.
No specific remedy for this is offered
because Admiral Converse feels that if
the need be recognized by higher au
thority satisfactory means may soon
bV devised. He remarks, however,
"that until "a measure Is adopted for
the* compulsory ' retirement' of com
manders and captains that do not gain
promotions at certain ages the ages of
officers in the different grades will not
be satisfactory."
Authorization by Congress of two
vice admirals is urgently recommended
in order that our flag officers may not
YOUNG OFFICERS NEEDED.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— How badly
off the navy is for officers and how se
riously this condition may affect the
navy and the nation is told in the-an
nual report of Rear Admiral George A.
Converse, Chief of the Bureau of Navi
gation, approved by. Secretary Morton
to-day. Experience, especially in gun
fire, he says, has shown that it is nec
essary to. increase the number of.offi
cers assigned to a ship, so that the
estimate made in 1902 of the number of
officers .for ships in commission
is ' inadequate. : - It provides for only
ab'out one-half as "many. 1 officers as
ships of- the same class carry in' the
British, French and German navies.
Admiral Converse recommends that the
number of lientenants be increased
from 350 to '600 and that the number of
lieutenant commanders' be j increased
from 200 to 300. "It is especially desira
ble." the admiral says, "that every bat
tleship and other powerful vessel re
quiring the ' greatest skill and experi
ence ¦ for : proper efficiency should have
her fuir quota'of officers of suitable
rank;. yet many of our battleships have
lieutenants as navigators, practi
cally all have lieutenants as ord
nance officers and several battleships
have: ensigns and even midshipmen as
watqh and division officers. This very
unsatisfactory, and even dangerous,
condition is due to the many urgent de
mands for officers, the existing inade
quacy of numbers often making it im
possible to detail officers of appropriate
rank. The increasing numbers of mid
shipmen graduated from the Naval
Academy in time wjll partially relieve
the situation in the lower grades, but
more lieutenant commanders and lieu
tenants are needed than existing laws
provide."
"Although a hundred and more tor
pedo-boats and destroyers have been
actually engaged for five months
against battleships, which have been
exposed to attack times without num
ber, we have yet to learn authoritative
ly of a torpedo from a torpedo-vessel
causing the loss of a single battleship.
Those which have been sunk owed their
destruction to submarine mines anchor
ed or broken adrift, torpedo-vessels not
contributing to the result except by
the confusion and sense of Sweater dan
ger djie to their presence. It Is evident
that In the final summary of losses the
achievements of torpedo-vessels will
count less than was at first supposed.
It cannot be claimed, therefore, that
there has been so far anything to dis
credit the battleship as a type, nor is
any such outcome to be expected from
this war, whatever may be the casual
ties among battleships. To wage suc
cessful warfare with a naval force re
quires now n and,,it baa. refluired in all
ages, a type* of vessel" which' shall com
bine in the most . effective manner the
qualities of offense, mobility, defense,
endurance and self maintenance. Such
vessels are battleships . and they con
stitute, the main strength and" reliance
of a navy."
Early in the report Admiral Converse
calls attention to the need of a general
staff or, board, "an advisory body which
shall not be under the control of any
bureau, but responsible directly to the
Secretary."
Regarding the paramount efficiency
of the battleships and the part played
by them in the Far Eastern war, Ad
miral Converse says:
WORTH OF BATTLESinPS.
be beneath foreign officers holding In
ferior commands.
"It is manifestly undesirable," says
the admiral, "for our flag officers to be
beneath all others in matter of pre*-'
cedence in international affairs with
which they have to do as representa
tives of the United States."
• It is therefore recommended that the
rank of vice admiral be conferred upon
the officers detailed as commanders in
chief of the North Atlantic and Asiatic
fleets and that the law reviving this
grade provide that "no officer shall hold
the rank of vice admiral in either the
active or retired list, except wljile ex
ercising: -such, command, until he shall
have commanded a 4Jeet as vice ad
miral foe. two., years or else as a flag
officer for three . years altogether, at
teast one of those years as a vice ad
miral," and ,that officers may not, as
they retire, be; promoted to the grade
of vice admiral. <
Attention is called to the indispens
ability of c»uisers, the report saying:
"We require a cruiser squadron in the
North Atlantic, South Atlantic and the
Caribbean and also 1 on the European
station, all these being ready on the
approach of hostilities to combine in
one fleet wherever needed. In the Pa
cific our force should consist of a large
squadron of cruisers and on the
Asiatic station . the battleships should
be supplemented with a full squadron
of cruisers."
Family Council Develops
a Unanimous Opinion
Against Granting Relief
MUKDEN, Nov. 23.— Indications are^grbwingthat the Japanese are undertaking a
wide turning movement on the -Russian left. .-.A rlarge number of commissary wagons
have been observed going eastward, and some artillery exchanges have been reported
from the eastward. •
Favors Increased Rank
MURDERS ARE FREQUENT
Clashes Occur Between the
Bands of Bulgarians and
the Greeks on Frontier
SMALL HOPE HELD OUT
Admiral Converse Points
Gut Defect in the System.
Reform Scheme of Zemst
voist Conference Said to
Be Doomed in Advance
State of Anarchy Prevails
in Macedonia, Brought On
by the Revolutionists
OYAMA'S ARMY BEGINS A WIDE
TURNING MOVEMENT DIRECTED
AGAINST RUSSIAN LEFT FLANK
OUR NAVY NEEDS
MORE OFFICERS.
BALKANS UNDER
THE RED HAND
CZAR FROWNS
UPON PETITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;: THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, -1904
2
SCOTTS KM ULSIOW-
AS TO COLDS
Feed a cold— yes, but
feed it with Scott's Emul-
sion. Feeding a cold in this
way kills it. You cannot
afford to have a cough or
cold at this season or any
other. Scott's Emulsion
will drive it out -quickly
and keep ,it out.
lungs are strengthened
and all wasting diseases
arc checked by Scott's
Emulsion. It's a great
flesh producer.
Wtil send you a sample free.
KCtiTTABOWN^ 409 Pearl Street, New Y«i
FR&E -FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
' A BOX ; -;p '
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
• »- '¦ of the
HIGHEST QUALITY
TOILET SOAP.
Your Choice of Four Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fitters
No matter the condition of
your health, the Bitters Is
needed. If you're sick.it will
make you well again, or if
well, will keep you r so.
There's nothing like it for
fortifying ithe system against
Chills, Colds, Malaria,
Indigestion, Dyspepsia,
Liver Troubles, Costive-
' ness or General Debility.
Be sure to try a bottle. v
No Breakfast Table
complete ' without %f
EPP&S
The Cream of Cocoas.
The Most Nutritious
. and Economical.,
gUTWood ft ShTwoofl. Pacific Coart AjtU.
CARTERS! cuke sick headachb-
IBPittie Genuine Must Bear
11 j^E£ Fac-Simile SignatureLONDON. Nov. 23. — The text of the arbitra
tion treaty between Sweden and Norway and
Great Britain wu issued to-night. It is Iden
tical with the treaty between Portugal and
Great Britain,
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 23. — An or
der for the building of one hundred
locomotives -for the Harriman lines
has been placed with a large firm in
this city. Beyond confirming that the
order had been received, members of
the firm decline to^say for which of
the Harriamn railroads they are to
Order Placed for the Engines
With a Large Philadelphia
Firm.
HUNDRED NEW LOCOMOTIVES
FOR THE HARRIMAN LINES
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Nov. 23. — Mr«.
Ge'orge Gray, wife of a, farmer near
Agency, in this county, was found in
her home to-day with her throat cut
and her hands and feet pinioned. A
posse is searching for the murderer.
Posse Takes Up the Case and Begins
Search for the Murderer.
WIFE OF MISSOURI FARMER
FOUND WITH THROAT CUT
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 23.— It was
learned to-day that T. A. Carroll, a
special agent of the bureau of corpo
rations in the Department of Com
merce and Labor at Washington, had
been in Kansas City for a week qui
etly collecting evidence bearing on the
alleged packing-house trust. His pres
ence was not known until he departed
late yesterday.
Special Agent of Federal Bureau of
Corporations Spends Week In
Kansas City.
QUIETLY GATHERS EVIDENCE
RELATING TO BEEF TRUST
At the moment of the collision
many steerage passengers were on
the side of the ship toward the ap
proaching float. When the crash
came and the Xord Amerika keeled
over alarmingly many of the passen
gers were greatly frightened, and the
cre*r had much difficulty in reassur
ing them.
When the collision occurred the
Xord Amerika was going down the
upper bay with a full head of steam.
She had left her pier at the foot of
West Thirty-fourth street at 1:15
q'clock. As she was passing the
statue of Liberty Captain Raffo saw
on his starboard bow the heavy steel
float with a dozen freight' cars aboard
coming directly toward him. Ac
cording to the captain's statement he
thought the captain of the float in
tended to pass at his stern and kept
on p his course, but the float came on
at full speed and struck the steam
ship.
After the Xord Amerika regained
an even keel and the passengers were
quieted the vessel returned to her
pier. The float, which had appar
ently suffered but little in the colli
sion, . continued its course.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. — Fourteen
hundred Italian steerage passengers,
returning to Italy on* the steamship
Nord Amerika, were thrown into ex
citement to-day when the ship was
rammed by a Xew York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad float - in the
harbor at Liberty Iskind. The float
struck the steamship about forty feet
from the stern and two feet above the
water line, tearing a hole twenty feet
Ion? and six feet high in her plates
and making it impossible for the ves
sel to continue her voyage without
extensive repairs.
LIMA. Peru. Nov. 23. — The American Fish
Coroml-»!«lcn steamer Albatross arrived - to-day
at Callao. - ¦ ;
Steamship Loaded AVitli Ital
ian Steerage Passengers
in Collision Off New York
Balance of Nearly Nine Million Dol
lars "Applied to Improvements
• During Year.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23. — The report
of the Southern Pacific Company for
the fiscal year ended June 30 shows
that gros3 earnings were $92,933,231.
an increase of $4,612,896, and that op
erating expenses were $63,179,594.
After the payment of charges there
remained a balance of $8, 874. 433.
which was applied toward the pay
ment of expenditures for reconstruc
tion, betterments and additional
equipment. The operating expenses
increased $2,878,384. The net earn
ings were $29,753,637, an increase of"
$1,834,562.
XEW YORK. Nov. 23. — One million
six hundred thousand" dollars was
transferred by telegraph to San Fran
cisco to-day by the sub-treasury for
account of local banks. The money, it
is understood, goes to move the fruit
crop on the Pacific Coast.
Money Wired to the Coast.
INCREASED EARNINGS
OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC
PANIC ABOARD
GREAT LINER
been unable to determine the cause of
the black spots.
"Without a chemical test I would not
venture to say whether or not the
specks were made by gunpowder," said
' Dr. Lederle. '"I only examined them
I with a microscope."
Levy suggested that Dr. O'Hanlon be
put on the stand to tell the jury what
made the black marks on the skin.
Rand objected to the defense going on
at this stage of the trial and also to
calling O'Hanlon as an expert.
"I have a man who extracted grains
of powder from those pieces of skin,"
said Levy.
Justice Davis admonished the attor
ney to be more careful in his remarks,
and directed the Jury to disregard the
utterances of counsel regarding what It
was claimed examination of the exhibit
by others than the witness disclosed.
Edward F. Freligh, a clerk in Stern's
pawnshop, said that late on the after
noon of June 3 last a man and a wom
an bought a revolver at the place where
he was employed. The man was tall
and well built, but he was unable to
describe the woman. The sale was
made by Stern, the proprietor. He iden
tified the weapon exhibited in court as
the one purchased by the man.
YOUNG ABUSED THE WOMAX.
John Crowley, a cabman, said he was
! hailed by two men and a woman about
, 4 o'clock on the morning of June 4,
while his cab was standing at the cor
ner of Eighth avenue and One Hundred
and Tw*>nty-fifth street. The woman
was the defendant in this case and one
i of the men was Caesar Young. Young
j had abused Miss Patterson, the witness
i said, and she was crying. Young c-r
j dered him to drive the woman to her
home and he did so. Cn the way down
town he watched the occupants of the
cab through the trap in the top of the
hansom and she continued crying all
the way dawn to Sixty-first street,
where she left the cab. Crowley said
that Young and the man were intoxi
cated, but that Miss Patterson was not.
Albert Sehueider, another cabman,
witnessed the scene when Miss Patter
son was put Into Crowley's cab and he
corroborated the testimony of the pre
vlou witness. After Crcwley drove
away, he said, Young and his compan
ion called him and were driven to a
house on West One Hundred and For
tieth street. He noticed that both men
were under the influence oi liquor.
" 3IORGAX SMITH'S BRUTALITY. .
The scene between "Xan" Patterson
and her brother-in-law, J. Morgan
' Smith, which was referred to at lengthy
! by Rand in his opening argument, was
j described by Joseph Hewitt, a news
boy. He said he was standing -ta front
of a cafe at Fifty-nintn street and
Eighth avenue about 9 o'clock on the
, night of June Z when Smith and Miss
Patterson came out and got into a cab.
They were quarreling and as they got
Into the cab Smith struck Miss Patter
son on the face.
"What did the man say?" asked Levy.
¦ "He said, 'You'll have to do It,' " an
swered the newsboy.
"And what did she say?"
" 'I won't,' and then he struck her
and pushed her into the cab."
Hewitt said he remembered the Inci
dent distinctly and was positive in his
identification of Miss Patterson and the
photograph of J. Morgan Smith. He
had noticed the couple particularly, he
said.
"There ia always a little quarreling
going around the circle, and I keep my
eyes open to see the fun," the newsboy
explained.
Police Captain Sweeney was recalled
to identify a photograph of Smith and
to testify that he had summoned Smith
to appear before the Grand Jury and
that Smith had failed to appear. He
said he procured a process against
Smith on June 9, but that he still had
it, having beA unable to serve it. A
warrant calling for Smith's arrest for
•contempt of court was then read and
marked for identification.
be built. The same firm recently
booked an order for fifty locomotives
for the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad, in which E. H.
Harriman is Interested.
N'AN— PATTERSON AND HER FATHER AS THEY APPEARED IX COURT TOGETHER OX THE OPEXIXG. DAY OF THE
TRIAL. SINCE THE. YOUNG. WOMAN'S ARREST FOR THE ALL-EGED MURDER OF CAESAR YOUNG HER AGED .PAR
ENT HAS BEEN TIRELESS IN HIS FUTILE EFFORTS TO OBTAIN HER RELEASE FROM PRISON.
The woman dreamed that her sav
ings had been stolen from a hiding
place in the bottom of a sugar jar In
the pantry- Startled by the dream,
she took a lamp in one hand and her
baby under her other arm and went to
investigate. The lamp fell and ex
ploded. Her husbard, aroused from
sleep in an adjoining room, made a
brave attempt to nut out the flames
and finally succeeded with the aid of a
mattress, but only after he. as well
as his wife and child, had been fright
fully burned. Mrs. Couet died while
being taken to a hospital.
CHICAGO. Nov. 2 3. — As a result of
a dream Mrs. Lizzie Couet. 41 years
old. lo?t her life to-day and her hus
band and infant child were fatally
burned in a fire that partly destroyed
their home.
Drops Lamp ami Whole
Family Suffers.
Coin? to Investigate Its Reality, She
WOMAN I.OSKS HER LIFE
AS TILE RESULT OF DREAM
A P soon as the burglar is able he
will be taken into court and the
woman v.IH appear against him.
Mrs. Flannagan was awakened by
a noise and saw the burglar In the
sitting-room! Armed with a piece of
quMtinsr frame, she entered the room
and while the bur&lar was ransacking
the bookcase the woman pounded him
on the head. The third blow knocked
him down. The woman then dis
armed the man, while he was dazed,
and at the point of his own revolver
he was commanded *to walk to the
police station, a distance of six blocks.
It was necessary for a surgeon to take
care of his wounds.
STERLING, III.. Nov. 23.— Harry
Dyer is in jail nursing serious wounds
as the result of attempting to rob the
home of Mr?. Anna Flarmagan, a
widow, on Tuesday evening.
Ececial Dispatch to The Call.
Surgeon Called In to Dress
the Wounds Received as
Result of Severe Beating
BUBGLAR BADLY HUBT
NETV YORK, Nov. 23. — In the trial
of "Xan" Patterson, charged \rith the
murder of Caesar Young, the expert
testimony of physicians was offered
to-<lay to show that Young could net
have killed himself. Two cabmen tes
tified to havingr seen Young abuse
Hiss Patterson early in the morning
of June 4, and another witness, a
newsboy, swore that he saw J. Mor
can Smith, her brother-in-law, strike
Miss Patterson on the face on th»
nigrht of June 3. after Smith had sai-1
to her: "You will have to do it." and j
che had answered: "I won't." l
The cross-examination of Coroner's
Physician O'Hanlon was continued, j
The witness described In detail the
autopsy which he performed on
Young's body and admitted that at
that time he thought the case wa3 one I
of suicide. This was stricken from '
the record, however. He was not per
mitted to say whether the black
marks on the bits of skin which he
•tripped from Young's finger were
made by punpowder or whether he {
found powder mnrks when he exam- I
ined Mfrs Patterson's hands, soon af- !
ter the shooting. '
The trial still attracts unusually j
large crowd? and special details of po- j
lice are required to keep out those
•who have no business in the court
room and to maintain order in the
building.
CLAIMS OF TI^E DEFENSE.
V.*hen the trial of "Xan" Patterson
was resumed to-day her attorney.
Abraham Levy, declared that, al
though the prosecution, has erected
several strong barriers through which
the defense would have to batter ( ts
way to obtain the acquittal of Miss
Patterson, he had no fear that they
would not succeed. He asserted that
he would bring forward a witness who
would tell a convincing story of hav
ing actually seen the shooting, no
matter how strong the evidence of the
r^orle to the effect that no one was
within the range of vision of the cab
when the fatal shot was fired.
This witness was a passenger on a
street car passing across West Broad
¦nay, he said, and In his narrative he
would swear that from where he stood,
though his glance was but momentary!
he saw -Xan" Patterson's companion
in the cab grapninp a revolver in his j
hand and struggling with the young
woman, who was endeavoring to wrest
Jt from him.
The skeleton which was brought into
the case yesterday for the use of Cor
cners Physician O'Hanlon in describ- j
in* the course of the bullet which'
caused Young's death was again j
brought into the courtroom when the
trial was resumed to-day. The ghastly
exhibit was suspended near the witness
stand when Levy, for the defense, con- i
tinued the cross-examination of the •
Coroner's physician, which was inter
rupted by the adjournment of court
yesterday.
BELIEVED IT WAS SUICIDE.
Levy in his cross-examination led Dr.
O'Kanlon back over the ground covered |
in his direct testimony yesterday. The j
witness described in detail the autopsy
which he performed on Young's body.
'If you had regarded the case as one
cf homicide, would you have made a
more careful examination?" asked
Levy.
"I did not regard it then as a case of
fcomicide."
'Did you regard it as a case of sui
cide?"
"I did," the witness replied.
Dr. O'Hanlon said that while per
forming 'the autopsy he found three
black marks on the second finger of
Young's right hand, and he stripped •
off pieces of skin, which were turned j
over to the District Attorney. The wit- j
Bess was not permitted to answer a j
Cuestion as to whether the black marks !
were made by gunpowder. '
Another Question, as to whether he )
found any indication of gunpowder •
when he examined "Xan" Patterson's j
hands soon after the shooting, also met j
with an objection from the prosecu
tion, and the court directed the witness
not to answer.
At the conclusion of Dr. O'Hanlon's
examination that part of his testimony
Jn which he said that he considered the
ease to be one of suicide and not homi
cide when%he performed the autopsy
was stricken from the .record on mo
tion of Rand. Counsel* for the defense
took an exception. to the ruling of Jus
tice Davis on this point.
PAWNBROKER STER.V TLLu
The prosecution called Dr. S. Milton
t«e to the stand to explain that Hey
xnan Stern, the pawnbroker who had
Identified the revolver with which
Young was shot, was too 111 to appear
in court at this time. Dr. Lee said
Stern was suffering from peritonitis,
but that he would be able to attend
court next week.
Dr. Ernest A. Lederle, a chemist, who
examined the two pieces of skin taken
from Young's finger, said that he had |
Widow Clubs "a Prowler She
Finds in Her House and
Marches Him Off to Jail
YOUNG'S DEATH NOT SUICIDE
Physicians Give Expert Testimony Against "Nan" Patterson
THIEF CAUGHT
BY A WOMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER L>4 ? 1904.
3
AD VERTISEMEX TS.
SHAVE WITH A
GilkTTc Safety
Evtry Day fn the Ycar^* * "
Thousands of men are using Gil-
lette Safety Razors and refuse to
us* any other kind. So stropping or
hontnK required. Price $5 OO
THE STAB SATrTT is a conven-
lcrt and exeeilent Razor. ali«o Price
reduced from J2.00 tn $i 'j;Ti
STAJTOAKJ _A2O_S-lGc^>d ones.
as low as .S1.OQ.
POCZST KSXVrs — At various
prices, in —-cat variety of hish-grade
makes, styles and shapes. Some ex-
cellent ones as low as Sl.Oit »
_AZOB STROPS that you can de-
pend on. 7.V up.
Z bars Williams' Shaving Boap.
1 Tic-
Razor* ground and honed. Honing
25c » "
Mall orders filled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 If 1 K~KT STEErT. Opp. Tirth.
EAJf FRANCISCX).
OCEAN TRAVEL. ;
i —
ygSr ?>v Steamers leave Brwiway
/5\yS-5Srf\ wharves fptera 9 and 11),
Ai7_' \#\ San Francisco:
WTEyj^l V*\ For KetchiJtan ~ran«el,
I I V&T^JL I I Janfau . TreadwelU. Haines.
I V \"> | M"LLJ '"" " , ett ' Alaska— 11
WVV ~1W »- v »- *°* =«. Dec. 1.
VotsJ 1 **£**/ tnange to this company's
Xd^l8t*5^ steamers at Seattle.
_ '-^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
South Belllngham. BelMcgham— 11 a. m . Nov
26. Dec. 1. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G X Rr • at
Seattle or Tacoma to X. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1-3O
P; o ™ J* ov - 24 - 30- Dec. 6. Corona. 1:00 p. ia..
r> F »° r ./i ) " An *el«s <via Port Los An*ele» and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Earbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. £> a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m
For Los Angeles «vla San Pedro aad" East
san Pedro) Santa Earbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos." Port Harford (5aa
Luis Obispo). Ventura anrtl Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m., Xov. 23. Dec 1
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nor. 27.' Dec. 3.
For Ensenada. Ma?4alena Bay Saii Joae> «lel
Ca ,?°- Mazatlan. Altata. La PaV Santa Itn-
salia. Guayma* »Mex.>. 10 a. in.. 7th each mo
For further information obtain foMer. Rteht
Is reserve^ to change steamers or sailing dates
TICSXT 0PT1CES— 4 New Montgora^
ery st. (Palaee HoteD.lo Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Oflce 10 Market st
C- D - DrNANX. O»neral Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. Saa Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 2f> Sutler st wilt
call for and check ba;"a*- from hotels anfl
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMEBICAJT ItlSTE.
Pin jionth — Ckerb"nra > — Sontha— ©ton.
Philadelphia ..Dec. SI New York Dec. 17
•Flnland.Dec.l0.10:30a8t. Paul Dec. ti
•Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
ATLAimC TSAHSPOBT X.I~XI
KaV ~crk — Irondos Direct.
Mesaba. Dec. 3. 10 am! Manitou. Dec. 17. 10 an
Mianeha. Dec. 10. S am Menomlnee.Dec.21.10 a
DO2KJ— 7OJT Z.IJTE.
Montreal — Uverj icoV — Short sea passage.
Canada ¦ ¦ ¦_. December 10
BED STAB I.X~E.
~ew York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris
Finland Dec. lOIKm or.ltaii Dec. ?«
ZeeUnd Dec. 17Vaderland . Dec. 31
'• ¦ ¦ VHITE STAS Xi~~2.
Kc~ Tori. — Ou««Ti«to— n — IiItctdooI.
redrlc.Dec. 7. 3:30 am! Majestic. Dec.21.lrt am
Oceanic. Dec.14.10 am' Baltic. Dec. 2S. 10 am
Boston — Qneenstown — "Mvemool.
Cymric Dec. 21. Jan. T\
2TCW TOBZ AST) BOSTO5T DIKECT
To tli* Mediterranean.
Via A20 res. ¦Gibraltar. ZTavles. Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NF.W YORK.
REPTTBLIC Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. ~
CRETIC Dec. 12. Feb. 4. Uarch 1.1
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC Dec. 10. Jan. 2S. March It
CANOPIC Jan. 7. Feb 19
C. D. TATLOR. Pas~nger Agent Pacific Coaat.
21 Post st.. San Fra ncisctx
oceanieSJ.«.s_v=
S. S. EONOMA. for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday Dec. 1. 2 p. rr
S P. A LAMED A. for Honolulu. Dec. 10. 11 a.n»
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Not. 23. IX a-m.
I.D.SPSICXILS 1 BSOi KL. ABs.,Tl~St 03« 50 IS-
L'L fnlgit GSC3327 Kami St. Pisr 7. Paste ;-.
COXTASfflX 6Z5Z3ALE TR&XSATli!IT:37S.
DIRECT LCCE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sallir? every Thursday ir.3tearl of **5iS^?l^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. fro a Pier — «*«-
42. North River, foot of Morton «t.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward S»<--
ond class to Havre. «5 and upward. GEN-
KRAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway «Kudson building).
New York. J. F. FCGAZI A ca. PaclHc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Tor T7. S. Vary Taxd and Vallejo.
Strs General Frisbl*. Monticello and Arrow.
945 a.m. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. 8 p.m.. 3:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:3O p.m. « p.m.. 3:30 p.m. Leav- Vallejn. .
am. » a m. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. « p.m. Sun-
davs 7 a.m. 9 a.n>.'. 3:20 p.m.. « p.m. Pter 2.
ft Mission St.: phone Malir 15PA HATCH BROS.
y^^w Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
/ __ft G29 KEAB>T ST. Establish-1
• fflCjCfflkin 1^34 for the treaUneat <•>' Private
B1CS D j ".«*. U-t M.QU^l. P*h|Ut,^
_*5»assS<ii^as- weartngon Sody ~<1 n.inrt *nd
Di-vh—j. The Doctor cnre*wiien
SSPlKiaithers fail. Try b:nv r S r w ''^
Pr. J. r. WBBOX. S*° Frsjv^sco. Cat
16 Pages. SI per Year
CATARRH OF THE LUNGS OFTEN
FIRST STAGE OF CONSUMPTION
I MISS FLORENCE" KENAH* j
Miss Florence E. Kenah. 434 Maria street. Ottawa. Ont.. writes:
"A few months ago I caught a severe cold, which settled on my lungs
and remained thera so persistently that I became alarmed. I took medi-
cine without benefit, until my digestive organs became upset and my head
and back began to ache severely and frequently.
"I was advised to try Peruna, and, although I had little faith, I felt so
sick that I was ready to fry anything. It brought me blessed relief at once,
and I felt that I had tie right medicine at last. Within three weeks I was
completely res'Ored, and have enjoyed perfect health since.
"I now have the greatest faith in Peruna." — Florence E. Kenah.
~™~"™~™~^~^~^~" The cold wind not only advise its use tr» rny frlend3. but
WOUES SHOULD and rain, slush have purchased several bottles to «tve to
BEWARE OF and mud of No- thos^ without the means to bay. and have
COHTRACTING CATARRH, vember are espe- br^usht IbouTa speedy'curV^herever **
f ¦ * cially conducive has been used."— Rose Gerbing.
to catarrh of the lungs. Few WQmen _ _ ;; *
escape. Pe-ru-na Contains No Narcotics.
comTeruna SnouldWaTen.^Cofd^lea^ One reason why Peru.a has found per-
to catarrh. Catarrh ends in consump- manent use in so many homes is that It
tion. Delays are dangerous. -. oontain^no^arcotic^f any Wnd.J.rnna
Pe-rU-na lor Colds and Catarrh, any length of time without acquiring a
_. - „ , .*. .. ... '. drug habit. Peruna does not produce
following interesting letter gives , temporary results. It Is permanent ia
¦one young woman s experience with .Pe- > it< , fj( cct
runa:
Miss Rose Gerbing. a popular society i It has no bad effect upon the system,
woman of Crown Point. Ind.. writes: j and gradually eliminates catarrh by re-
"Recently I took a long drive in the ! moving the cause of catarrh. There are
country, and being too thinly clad. 1 , a multitude of homes where Peruna haa
caught a bad cold, which settled on my j been used off and on for twenty years.
lunss. and which I cwuld not seem to ; Such a thfns rould not be possible if Pe-
i shake off. I had heard a great d«»al ofj runa. contained any drugs of a narcotic
Peruna for eclds and ' catarrh and I ! nature.
4 fcr^lt 1 brownt" /peed/Sf "it Af^ css Dr " Hartman. President of The
l n $\&lLStU&1^?£d?co£ H " rtman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio,
sider this money well spent. All correspondence held strictly confl-
"You have a firm friend in me. and I dential.
- ADVERTISEMENTS. -¦Fong Is a Citizen.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. — The follow
ing Californians arrived In New York
to-day:
From San Francisco— B. S. Dono
hue, at the Imperial; W. G. Hemphfll,
at the Navarre; L. Kirk, at the Martha
Washington; G. F. McBride. at the
Navarre; Mrs. H. D. Morgan, at the
Cadillac; P. P. Hall, at the Hotel
Astor; J. S. Howell, at the Hotel Im
perial; Mrs. J. F. Jackson, at . the
.York; M. L." Requa, at the Nether
land; B. H. Terry and Mrs. O. P. Terry,
at the York; W. J. Wayte, at the Hoff
man House; J. H. Cropley, R. J. Jose,
Mrs. F. Schrier, F. Shrier and Miss M.
C Shrier, at the Hotel Breslin.
From Santa Rosa —^1. L. Gllden
berg. at the Imperial.
Callfornlans In New York.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 23.
Another victim of the recent terrific
storms off the coast arrived here to
day. The vessel is the schooner Mathew
Turner fjom Iloilo, October 27. The
vessel had a good passage until reach
ing the coast off her destination, Grays
Harbor, when the storm nearly wrecked
her, tearing out her fore and mainsails
and breaking the booms of both. Be
fore the wreckage could be shipped
clear the vessel was nearly driven
ashore. Heading northward, a similar
experience overtook the Turner off the
mouth of the Columbia River. The
schooner was finally "forced to try for
the ? Straits of Juan de Fuca, which she
succeeded in entering: The Turner will
remain here for orders. ; 7 :
SEATTLE, Wash/, Nov. 23.— With a
hole in her port side beneath the water
line, but - fortunately in a watertight
compartment, the cable ship Burnside
reached port • this afternoon. At 8
o'clock on the -morning of November 21
she struck ! a submerged rock in Sey
mour Narrows. She will go in drydock
to-morrow. An error in the tide tables
is given as the cause of the mishap.
ANOTHER STORM VICTIM.
LAUREL, Del., Nov. 23. — News
reached here- to-day that the four
masted schooner Judge Boyce, built
for Luarel capitalists, turned turtle off
the ? capes during the storm of No
vember 13 and Jts master. Captain
Manlove Eskidge, and : crew of ten
men were lost. The Boyce was built
at Bath, Me., at a cost of $50,000. and
was en route to Savannah, Ga., on her
maiden trip. t. r '
Schooner Judge Boyce Turns Tnrfle
Off Delaware Capes Dur
" ing the Storm. ;j' ;
VESSEL LOST. WITH CREW
OX HERiMAIDEN VOYAGE
J. F. Hooper, a painter residing at
819 Mission street, while working on
a building at Octavia and Jackson
streets yesterday afternoon, fell from
the third story Xo the ground, receiv
ing injuries which may terminate fat
ally. The accident was caused by the
fender slipping from the swinging
scaffold, letting the plank upon which
he was standing slide to one side. He
was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital,. where Dr. Pinkham rendered
him what aid lay in his power. In
addition to his internal Injuries he
may have a fracture of the skull.
Painter Falls Three Stories.
To Be Prosecuted in Federal Court.
. REDDING, Nov. 23.— W. H. Miller
and W. H. Boren, who were arrested
here recently on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses from persons
desirous of locating on timber lands in
Shasta County t< were surrendered this
morning to Deputy United. States Mar
shal Dingley of San Francisco. They
will be taken to San Francisco to be
tried for alleged subornation of per
jury. . .
W. T. Wilson, a hotel man of Balti
more, is at the St. Francis.
D. W. Kirkland, a druggist of Los
Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
Trasker I* Oddie, the well-known
mining man of Tonopah. is at the Pal
ace.
A." E. Zollekofer, a coffee grower of
Guatemala, and his family are at the
Palace.
Hervey Lindley, president of the
Klamath River Railroad Company, Is
registered at the Palace.
S. G.- Murphy, president of the First
National Bank, has just returned from
a visit to Lower California and is reg
istered at the St. Francis.
Charles S. Fee, passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and his secretary, George Gard
ner, returned yesterday from the East,
where they have been attending a
meeting of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association.
REDDING, Nov. 23. — The Mountain
View lodging-house was destroyed by
fire early this morning, entailing-a loss
of about 'J6000. The building was
owned by George Burgbacker of San
Francisco and was leased to E. W.
Adams. It is believed that a short
circuit in an electric piano started the
flre. . -Mii >
Electric Piano Starts a Fire.
Window Cleaner Impaled bn Fence.
Y. Yamati, a Japanese window
cleaner, who lives at 548 Haves' street,
had a fortunate escape from death
yesterday. Yamati lost his balance
and fell a distance of fifteen feet
from a window at 633% Hayes street^
his feet striking upon an Iron railing
armed with protruding spikes. . By
good fortune his body fell over the
fence in such a manner that only his
lower limbs came in contact with the
fence. His injuries were a broken
thigh bone and a fractured leg:. After
receiving treatment at the Park Hos
pital he was removed to the German
Hospital. .;';.!: . /;
PERSONAL*.
RENO, Nov. 23. — Two cars on the
new electric railroad between Reno
and Spark? crashed together near the
city limits to-night. They were work
cars and little damage resulted. The
cars were being taken into the barn
when the lead 'car suddenly stopped
and the rear car crashed into it. The
windows were broken and one of the
cars derailed. As far as known no
one was injured.
Accident Results in but Small Dam-?
age and Xo One Is
Hurt.
CARS COLLIDE ON NEW
ELECTRIC LIXE NEAR RENO
John Paul of 1210 Mission street,
wtio had been on a protracted drunk
for the past week, sent a thrill of ter
ror through the members of his fam
ily yesterday when he pulled a loaded
pistol from the drawer of a bureau
and threatened to kill any person- who
came near him. Police Officer A. C."
Winzler was notified and bravely faced
thf madman, who was standing at the
heed of the stairway with the loaded
ristol, threatening to kill any»one who
approached. By a clever movement
Patrol Driver Jerry Kenney got be
hind the drunken man and engaged
h'm in conversation until Winzler
seized him and wrenched the pistol
from him. The policeman escorted
his prisoner to the . Detention Hos
pital for the Insane, where he wa,s
locked up.
Terrorizes His Family.
The Rev. Father Cummins warmly
congratulated the sisters arid their
pupils on their success in a brief but
well-worded address. The following
young ladies contributed to the pro
gramme: Misses Ronayne. Coulter,
Kingston, Daughney, R; Quinn, N.
Shea, L. Garety, L. Hagerty, I. Mor
gan, G. Griffin. M. Sullivan, T. McNeill,
N. Dennis, B. O'Connor, M. Scullion, J.
Conway, A. Quinn, F. Sambertrant, L.
Mlskel, T. Fitzgerald, E. Kennedy, L.
Ault, K. Lynch, K. Rosenblatt, D.
Platt, T. Perkins, A. Schneider, V.
Pilcher, M. McGllloway, N. Baley, T.
Smith.
The young women of St. Vincent's
Convent rendered a superb musical
programme in the music-room of the
convent on Tuesday afternoon. The
event was the fourth annual musical
recital in honor of St. Cecelia and at
tracted a 'large audience. The room
was beautifully decorated for the oc
casion with a profusion of evergreens
and flowers.
Girls of St. Vincent's Convent Cele
brate the Feast of St. Cecelia
With Melody.
YOUNG STUDENTS REXDER
SUPERB MUSICAL. TREAT
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Nov. 23.—
Governor Yates received a telegram
to-day from Sheriff Stein of Franklin
County, stating that the Sheriff would
be able to control the situation at
Zeigler if furnished by the State with
rifles and ammunition with which to
arm special deputies that had been
sworn In. Sheriff Stein reported that
a number of shots, had been exchang
ed between unknown parties and non
union employes of the Zeigler Coal
Company, with the result that several
persons have been wounded.
Acting on Sheriff Stein's request
Governor Yates ordered Adjutant
General Scott to send fifty rifles and
5000 rounds of ammunition to Zeig
le.r.
Maintain Order.
Illinois Sheriff Sends for- Rifles to
CLASH AT THE MIXES.
A report was received by Manager
Agler of the Southern Pacific Com
pany yesterday that an attempt had'
been made to wreck southbound pas
senger train No. 10 a few miles this
side of Santa Barbara." Fortunately
the wreckers were discovered "In "their
dastardly work and an accident nar
rowly averted. Shortly after a north
bound train left Santa Barbara at an
early hour yesterday morning tWo
tramps were ejected from one of the
forward cars. An hour later the men
gathered together a number of empty
powder cans, which they filled with
recks, and then pilled them on the
track with several big boulders.
While engaged in their work they
were seen by a man on his way to
Capitan. The latter reported the mat
ter to the railroad officials, who sent
out section hands to signal the south
bound passenger train and clear the
track. On their way to the scene of
the attempted wreck the railroad men
captured two tramps, who answered
the description of the men who had
been piling obstructions on the
rails. The men were taken later to
Santa Barbara, where they were
turned over to the Sheriff and to
whom they later made a full confes
sion. They said they put the obstruc
tion on the track to get even with the
company for putting them off the
train. Had the passenger train struck
the obstruction it is probable that a
serious wreck would have resulted.
Make a Confession to
the Sheriff.
Are Arrested Near Santa Barbara ami
For five days the crew of the barken
tine was huddled on the top of the
cabin, with no protection whatever
from the gale. Exoepting a few raw po
tatoes the men had nothing to eat and
only such water as could be secured by
catching rain In their oilskin hats. Cap
tain Lewis states that he could not pos
sibly have survived two days longer.
The Webfoot sailed from Coos Bay
for San Francisco on October 14, carry
ing a cargo of 350,000 feet of lumber.
Soon after leaving port she encounter
ed the first of the -heavy gales which
recently prevailed. On the 18th she be
came water-logged.
The cabins were flooded and every
thing lcose was carried away, includ
ing the clothing of the men and the
provisions. During the night of the
21st all three of her masts were rolled
out, but It was daylight before I the
crew succeeded in cutting them clear
of the vessel. Tuesday afternoon, after
the six vessels had passed the barken
tine. and failed to offer assistance, the
mate, named Bromer, and two seamen,
one named. O'Neill, left the vessel in a
small boat to- seek assistance. At this
time the gale was raging with great
fury, and there is no doubt that the
three men were drowned.
This morning the steamer Elder, on
her way to San Francisco, sighted the
dismasted barkentine off Tlllamook
Rock. The Elder gave the' men some
provisions and hastened back to the
Columbia River, where she summoned
assistance. Tugs and Government ves
sels put to sea, and the Wallula soon
had the wreck in tow. When the Web
foot arrived here her men were almost
dead.
The vessel is a total loss except for
her lumber cargo, of which 100,000 feet
was lost. She was built in 1869 at Coos
Bay and is owned by the Simpson
Lumber Company.
Captain Lewis- reports one of
most unusual occurrences.. While his
vessel rolled in the heavy seas off the
mouth of the Columbia River yester
day, threatening every moment to go to
the bottom, three steam schooners
bound south and* three bound north
passed him, yet none offered . him as
sistance. , The providential appearance
of' the San Francisco liner George W.
Elder saved their lives.
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 23.— With three
men of her crew missing and probably
drowned, with her decks awash and the
surviving members of her crew well
nigh exhausted from five days' expos
ure to the elements, the old American
barkentine Webfoot, water-logged and
dismasted, limped Into- port to-night in
tow 'of the- bar tug .Wallula., .
TRAMPS TRY TO WRECK
A PASSENGER TRAIN
America ii Barkcntine Web
;. foot Is Towed Into Astoria
j by the Tug Wallula
To-morrow at 9 a. • m. General
Moore will review and inspect the
troops of the cantonment. This in
clude? the Twenty-first Infantry, one
battalion of the Tenth Infantry and a
squadron of the Fourth Cavalry. The
review will take place on the golf
grounds.
After the review Colonel Moore
made an inspection of the troops. It
was nearly noon before the exercises
were concluded.
General Francis Moore began the
inspection cf the troops at the Pre
sidio yesterday. At 9 o'clock, accom
panied by his aid. Lieutenant Creed
F. Cox. he rode from the Colonial Ho
tel to the golf link.=. whTe he found
the troops drawn up and ready to re
ceive him. The review took place
first. Colonel Charle« Morris being in
command. First came the two bat
talions of the coast artillery under
command of Colonel R. H. Patterson
and Major Walter S. Alexander. Then
three companies of field artillery un
der command of Major Edward T.
Brown. Last came one company of
th* hospital corps. After passing in
review at a walk the field artillery
[tossed the reviewing officer at a trot
and later at a gallop. This movement
was highly interesting to the specta
tors. . .
General Moore.
Coast ?»mi Field Artillery and Hospital
Corps I'ass In ICeview Before
THREE OF HER
CREW MISSING
KEGIXS THE INSPECTION OF
THOOKS AT THE PRESIDIO
•"¦' F. 'H. Powers was toastmaster. and
in the. course of his remarks referred
to Mr. Darling as part of. the national
life of the country, and as such it gave
them the greatest pleasure to tender
him a hearty fraternal welcome.
- Secretary Darling in response re
ferred to the fact that the entire
country was interested in the growth
of the Far West, and that the Presi
dent's official family were alive to the
sentiment that the "Far West" carried i
an enthusiasm unknown in the East.
The spirit of that banquet was the
first practical demonstration which
had come to his notice, and he felt
that it would be to the best interest
of the fraternity if the ultra-conesrva
tism of the Eastern chapters were
livened up by intermingling with its
Western, brethren. . f
Before adjourning a committee was
appointed to co-operate with Secre
tary Darling .in the hope of holding j
a meeting of the Eastern chapters in j
California in 1906.
Assistant Secretary of .the Navy
Charles H. Darling, presiding officer
of the Grand Chapter of the Zeta Psl
fraternity of the United States, waa
banqueted last night at the University
Club.
University Club Entertains Distin
guished Visitor, Who Speaks of
Enthusiasm of "Far 1 ' West."
SECRETARY C..H. DARLING
IS HOXORED AT BAXQUET
CHICAGO, Nov. 23.— A labor union
conspiracy is the latest explanation of
the automobile tragedy near Lemont,
111. According to this theory John W.
Bate Jr., the young chauffeur, was the
victim of bullets intended for Edwin
Archer, a vital witness for the prosecu
tion in a criminal case involving a
number of Chicago labor union officials.
Archer was an employe of the same au
tomobile company for which Bate
worked. "
It is a singular fact that Archer and
Bate were the only two chauffeurs on
duty when the automobile was hired
by telephone for "Mr. Dove," the sup
posed murderer. Only a moment before
Archer was alone, and it was he who
received the original commission to ac
company "Dove." A sudden impulse
or presentiment of danger led Archer
to turn the work over to Bate.
Archer has for months believed him
self in danger, since he gave evidence
in the case of an alleged professional
slugger who was charged with having
attacked non-union electrical workers
and who was freed by a change of
court records. The alteration of the
records was discovered and led to the
conviction of a court clerk and several
officials of labor unions on a charge of
conspiracy. Other cases were still pend
ing.
Archer's attorney was to-day so
strongly Impressed with the probabil
ity of the labor union conspiracy ex
planation of the tragedy that he laid
all the facts before the State's Attor
ney. A partial confirmation of the the
ory is the fact that "Dove" is said to
have avowed himself to be an elec
trician while casually explaining his
identity during an attempt to hire a
horse and buggy in Joliet the day after
the tragedy. *
William Friend, alias Patten, who is
held as the principal in the killing of
Weakly, in an Interview denies all
knowledge of a plot In which he drew
the short straw to do the shooting and
others were assigned to their respective
parts. • /> i ¦
In the remaining pan of his confes
sion Rauhauser tells o*f having put the
cartridges in. lathes at 3:30 o'clock on
November 21 and of the first discharge
at 5 o'clock, while the workmen were
pouring metal In the mold*
"I was Instructed in the use of dy
namite by Joseph Hollowell, at the
same time he told me to destroy the
mold of the shear punch, Valentine
agreeing to pay me $20 if I succeeded
in destroying the shear punch. I was
told by Joseph Hollowell to destroy all
the molds I could and was' given five
cartridges by Hollowell.
"I left Valentine's office at 10 o'clock
and returned to my home, telling my
mother what I was expected to do. I
went to work as usual on Monday, No
vember 21." .
RECEIVES INSTRUCTIONS.
The cases of Fred Rauhauser Jr.,
Fred Rauhauser Sr., John Hook, Joseph
Hollowell and Joseph F. Valentine were
called lit the Police Court to-day and
en motion of their attorneys their trial
was set for December 14. the cases of
Edward Trainer and Thomas Bracken
were set for next Saturday.
It »vas learned -to-night that the
officials of the Iron Holders' Union will
ask the courts here for a restraining
order against the Employers' Associa
tion and certain members of the asso
ciation to prohibit them from continu
ing the investigation in the conspiracy
crse, on th? ground that the examina
tion of the case has reached a point
where it is persecution rather than in
vestigation.
CONFESSION OF APPRENTICE.
It Is said that Fred Rauhauser,
the apprentice, aged 19 years, to
day repeated * his confession with
out contradictions, and that it
Is confirmed by his father, who is
also under arrest. Young Rauhauser
insists that John Hook, committeeman
of the local union, sought him and his
fathej on the night of November 16.
Later that night Hook brought in Jo
seph Hollowell, who went out for the
dynamite after Hook had made ar
rangements with the apprentice. Hol
lowell was to get the dynamite at
Helnekamp's office. Finding that place
closed, Rauhauser said:
"I then was asked to return to Heine
kamp's office on Sunday morning, No
vember 20. I went alone to Heine
kamp's office at the appointed time and
met Joseph Hollowell, went from there
to Valentine's office, where we met
Valentine.
CLEVELAND. Nov. 23.— Joseph F.
Vaientlne, president of the Iron Mold
ers' Union of North America, was pjaced
under arrest here to-day by the Cleve
land police upon a telegraphic request
from the Cincinnati police authorities.
Valentine made no resistance to being
taken into custody, and instead of try-
Ing- to avoid such action waited at his
hotel eeveral hours for the expected of
ficers.
Valentine's arrest is made in connec
tion with alleged violence by members
of the organization of which he is the
head in Cincinnati, where a strike is on.
He was not locked ur>, but was de
tained in the Central police station. He
was permitted to address a local union
of the Cleveland molders to-night. In
accordance with an engagement he had
made several weeks ago.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 23.— No addi
tional arrests were made here to-day
In connection with the alleged plot of
the striking molders to destroy the
Eureka foundry with dynamite. The
day passed quietly at the foundries.
Chief Interest centered in the arrest of
Joseph Valentine, president of the Iroh-
Molders of North America, in Cleve
land. The charge against Valentine is
aiding and abetting in the malicious
destruction of property. The warrant
for his arrest was sworn to by Presi
dent Henry Gossiger of the Eureka
Foundry Company, a personal friend of
the accused- A detective from this
city started for Cleveland late this
afternoon to bring Valentine back to
this city. Another detective went to
Detroit for Thomas Bracken, who is
charged with complicity in the murder
of Samuel Weakley, a non-union mol
der, here October 7.
Chauffeur Killed in
Mistake for An
other.
Dynamiters at Cin
cinnati Make Con
fessions.
Throughout xho trial Mrs. Shafer has
br^n attended by h«»r mother. Mrs. J.
Hunt C.urdwin of Sedalia. Mo. The two
v. <m*-n. however, were not present
v. hen the f)r:al decision was rendered.
Th A <'erree was granted en a show
ing that Shafer was a confirmed
drunkard. wherea? affidavits from
P'vrniTient citizens of California proved
that Chafer. Instrad of being a drunk
ard, was en upright and sober man.
The court held that every contention
Of Fhaf*»r was fully sustained.
Afked to-night what further action
he proposed to take. Shafer said:
"I prefer not to Eay Just now. I
naturally f.-e! elated ever the decision.
as it \\ndieates me entirely and gives
me rfija! riphts to my two little chil
dren, w ho hav<> heen in the custody of
thfir mother all this time."
Sic.ial U.^i-nt-*! to The C«!!.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Nov. 23.—Notwilh
ttandins that sh? has lived for over
two yeirs as th? lawful wife of W.
P<-N'k <>f Sacramento. Judce W. G.
Flat's of the District Court ho'.ds that
Z'buMre H. Hhafcr is the lawful wife
of Paul J. Shafer. Assistant Pcstmas
trr of Oak'.and. The Jecree of divorce
grnr.K'd to her by Judge Read is set
bf'(> on the ground th; . she was not
at tho time a bona fide resident of the
Ftate of .Nebraska; that she fraudu
lently i''.nc( alod herself from her hus
band, and that the testimony on which
the obtFired her decree was perjured.
Last month the little fellow seized a
big butcherknife from the kitchen ta
ble and jammed it down his throat. He
was so nearly dead that it was feared
he would not recover. No sooner had
he regained 'sufficient strength than he
grabbed a hammer and began pounding
on his temples. His face was badly
bruised.
' The boy's father, who was a miner,
was killed some time ago In a mine dis
aster in Colorado. '
When pleaded with by his mother the
lad' declared his father was constantly
calling him. Quite distracted, his
mother said to him: . •
"Dewey, I will put you in a hole In
the ground if you do not stop this."
"That's where I want to go, mamma,"
cried the youngster. ."That's where
papa Is, and I want to go to him."
OMAHA, Nov. 23.— Twice within the
past week six-year-old Dewey Newhill
of Tilden, Nebraska, # has made a des
perate attempt to commit suicide. He
declares his dead father is calling to
him. and he wants to go to where his
father, is.
Two weeks ago Daniel PJeefer, a
baker, who lived at 4057 Twenty-fifth,
street, was reported missing from his
home and his faithful wife, had spent
the weary fortnight trying to find trace
of him. The woman's search was re
warded yesterday afternoon when ahe
stumbled across his remains strung to
the limb of a tree in Sutro Park forest,
near the Corbett road.
Every day since Pfeefer had been
missing his wife hunted over the hills
and among the sand dunes for her hus
band's body. She was convinced that
he had taken his own life and her sur
mise proved startlingly correct.
Until about- six months ago Pfeefer
conducted a small bakery on Church.
street, near Seventeenth. When he
sold out he made no effort to acquire
another business or secure employ
ment. About a month ago it was no
ticed that he acted strangely. He was
pensive and he seldom spoke to any
one. On the morning of November 14
he left his home saying that he would*
return in the evening, but when he did
not do so his wife started a search for
him. First she visited all of her hus
band's haunts, and when she found!
he had not been seen in any of these
she started about the city Inquiring
if any. one had seen "a man with a coat
buttoned over an undershirt rambling;
about." Yesterday, in company with
her brother-in-law,/ Conrad Dettling.
she visited the Sutro forest. After sev
eral hours' tramp she came upon the
body, then she went to rft. Boniface's
Church for advice and the priests told
her to notify the officials-
A strange feature of the case i3 that
while Pfeefer has been missing nearly
two weeks yet he hanged himself with
in twenty-four hours of the time he
was found. This was determined by
the condition of the body. Just where
Pfeefer spent the intervening time 13
hard to tell, but the Morgue officials
will endeavor to ascertain. His family
say he was. without doubt, insane, and
the deed is attributed to insanity.
."You have riot examined, it," sug
gested the lawyer. "Perhaps if you
were to examine it you might refresh
your memory." :
Still Hermann could not place it, but
he remembered what it was about-
Senator Mitchell had called upon him
at his office in company with S. A. D.
Puter and had said that Puter had
some land cases which he was inter
ested in and would like to have ex-'
pedited' by the department.
Judge O'Day, for 'the defense," ob
jected to' this admission, because Sen
ator Mitchell was not present and
could not be questioned, but the ob
jection was not heeded by the court.
"Did any one accompany Mr. Puter?"
"There was a woman with him," re
plied the witness, "that is as* far as I
can remember, also a clerk named
Valk. The clerk said that the papers
were all right, that he had examined
them, and I sent them to Governor
Richards, my assistant, who afterward
issued the final papers."
Hermann had only seen the woman
once, he said, and when asked if he
could identify her responded* in the
negative.
Hermann gave other evidence as to
the manner of conducting the business
of the land office and was then excused
without cross-examination.
John Withycombe, chief draughts
man in the Surveyor General's office,
and A. W. Barber, a clerk in the Gen
eral Land Office, were called to identify
certain maps, after which court ad
journed until to-morrow.
Attorney Henri .of the prosecution
handed him a' second, which met the
fate of the first.- '• '» .
"I do not know that I. have ever seen
this," said Hermann, looking at it
Judiciously through his glasses. "I
know that the signature is that of Sen
ator Mitchell." '
Congressman Binger Hermann was
the next witness. Hermann was Com
mlsskfeer of the General. Land Office
at Washington from March, 1897, until
February 1, 1903. He told of the man
ner of conducting the correspondence
at this department and how the mail
was handled. A letter was offered to
him signed John H. Mitchell.
Circuit Judge William Galloway of
the Third District was the first witness
called by the Government to-day. The
Judge testified that he was Receiver of
the United States land office at^Oregon
City from February, 1896, tofJuly, 1902,
during the period when Mrs. jJj«ter, ' or
Mrs. Watson, as the Government will
try to show her to be, took proof of
homesteads before that office. He iden
tified certain papers to be used as. evi
dence in the case.
H. F. Coleman, a clerk in the General
Land Office at Washington, testified to
receiving the applications at that office,
and Special Inspector A. R.'Greene tes
tified to having had the papers in his
custody and to the time when he re
ceived them from Washington. - -
PORTLAND, Nov. 23.— The Federal
attorneys in the land fraud cases bent
every energy in court to-day to show
primarily as a basis. for its ground for
prosecution that the Government has
been robbed by somebody with the end
in view of later on fastening the crimes
the accused persons now on trial.
All morning witnesses occupied the
box to establish the identity of docu
ments by which the Government hopes
to establish to the satisfaction of the
jury that Miss Ware, Mrs. Watson, Itc-
Kinley, Puter and others are guilty -of
acts of conspiracy to defraud the Gov
ernment. ,
Thus far the Government has sought
to prove that somebody has committed
a crime by the introduction of evidence
to indicate overt acts, reserving until
later (Jevelopments which are expected
to show the conspiracy of the princi
pals by connecting them with the" il
legal acts. This manner of proving the
case was objected to by the defense
this afternoon, but Judge Bellinger sus
tained the position taken by the prose
cution.
CHICAGO. Nov. 23.— Samuel P. Glos
ser, a patient in the county asylum for
the insane at: Dunning, was choked to
death last night, and to-morrow the
Coroner will endeavor to ascertain
whether he was . killed by Alexander
Harper, a colored man, who is also a
patient in the asylum, or whether' it
was done by' John Conway and, Scott
Hogan, two of the asylum attendants.
Hogan and Conway assert that Glos
ser was violent . and that Harper as
sisted them, in placing him under re
straint, and Harper declares that both
the attendants kicked Glosser and that
Hogan choked him. •
The trouble started with a fight be
tween Glosser and Harper, in which
the former. w*as the aggressor. He was
finally strapped to his bed by the at
tendants • and Harper, but working
loose from the straps that held him he
again attacked Harper. The two at
tendants came to the assistance of Har
p"er and a desperate struggle ensued.
Glosser soon became unconscious, and
one of the physicians was called and
pronounced him dead. His windpipe
had been broken in the severe choking
he had received and his body was ter
ribly bruised, there being many marks
of boot heels in the flesh.iDr. Springer,
the county physician, who held an au
topsy to-night, declared that it was ut
terly impossible for Harper to have in
flicted all the wounds on the body of
Glosser. and he recommended that the
two attendants be held until after the
Coroner's inquest.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Omaha Youngster First En
deavors to Cut His Throat,
Then to Beat His Temples
Found That Windpipe of
the Asylum Inmate Had
Been Broken in Struggle
Court Overrules Objections
31ade by Defense to Man
ner Qf Trying Indictments
Baker Missing for Nearly
Two Weeks Chooses Lonely
Spot at Which to Die
INQUIRY
New Theory in the
Bate Murder
Mystery.
President of the
iron Molders
Arrested.
BOTH ATTE3IPTS FOILED
DESPAIR CAUSES SUICIDE
IS ORDERED
Nebraska Judge Rules That
Separation Was Obtained
!>y IVrjured Testimony
OAKLAND MAX WINS OUT
Court Sets Divorce Decree
Aside Despite Fact That
Wonuii Has Married Again
Hospital Attendants Kill a
Patient in Illinois in
Trying to Eestrain Him
Tries Suicide Twice in One
Week in the Hope of Join
ing His Departed Father
SUSTAINS PKOSECUTION
Government -Possesses Much
Documentary Evidence in
Oregon Land Fraud Cases
VIOLENCE CHARGED
TO UNION STRIKERS
STILL SHAFER'S
LAWFUL WIFE
WOMAN'S SEARCH
ENDS IN PARK
Mrs: Daniel Pfeefer Finds
Long Looked For Body of
Her Husband in Forest
SIX-YEAR-OLD
EAGER TO DIE
CHOKE INSANE
MAN TO DEATH
PROVING CRIME
WAS COMMITTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1904.
There will be Thanksgiving services
at the Geary-street Temple at 11
o'clock this morning, which will be at
tended by the rabbis of the synagogues
or the city. Rabbi Vnorsanarer will de
liver the oration,
Richard D. Dunphy, one of the na
val heroes of the Civil War. passed
away at his home in this city . yester
day-morning. Dunphy served in Ad
miral Farragut's fleet during the war
and" had both arms shot off during
the battle of Mobile . Bay. He -was a
native of Ireland .and 62* years old.
Old Naval . Hero Dies.
Bella Carroll, her. four sons and two
daughters yesterday sued for $50,
341 50 for the death or their husband
and father, Charles E. Carroll, who
was killed on December 15 of last year
by being knocked frpm a boxcar at the
corner of East street and Broadway.
He was employed as a switchman by
the Harbor Commissioners and the ac
cident was caused by a projecting
beam from a. structure jowned by the
Oregon Coal and Navigation Company.
Besides the Commissioners and the
coal company the defendants are the
Southern 'Pacific, the Board of Super
visors, the Board of Public Works and
their inidivdual' members and sureties.
Asks Damages for Death.
j " The funeral was attended by a large
contingent of friends, the mercantile
• world being well represented. The
following gentlemen acted as pallbear
ers: K. Strauss, B. Schweitzer. L. Phil
lips. J. S. Ackerman, Samuel Dinkel
splel. Alfred Kutner, Abraham Kutner,
Emlle Manheim. '
All that was mortal of the late Sam
uel Goldstein, pioneer merchant, who
died In this city Monday, was laid
away to rest yesterday afternoon. The
Interment took place at. the Home of
Peace Cemetery in San Mateo County.
The funeral services were held at
the residence of the family, 902 Eddy
street. Rev. Dr. Voorsanger of. the
Temple Emanu-El officiated and de
livered a fitting eulogy. He spoke of
the sterling qualities of the dead pio
neer and said that they embodied- the
highest type of manhood and citizen
ship.
Pioneer Laid to Rest.
United States Commissioner Hea
cock decided yesterday that Fong
Wing Yik, having established the faet
that he was a native of the United
States, was a citizen of this country,
no matter how long he may have re
mained in China after having, been
taken thither by * his; parents/ * The
contention had j been raised by Assist
ant United States District Attorney
Charles' M. Fickert that because ;Fqng
had remained in China after arriving
at majority he had forfeited his right
to American citizenship.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
THE VALUE OF CHARCOALj.
Few People Know How Useful It Is in
Prcsenins Health and Beauty. i
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value when taken, into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
5-ou take of it the better; it is not a
dru?7 at all, but simply absorbs the
rases and impurities always present in
the etomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
rmokint,. drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
jiro\-es the complexion, it whitens the
U-t th and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects ihe mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most. for the money
k in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; ahey
ere composed of the finest powdered
v illow charcoal and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather In
the form of large, pleasant tasting
lozenges, the charcoal being mixed
with hor.ey. . ; -,'.
The daily use of these lozenges will
Foon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health., better com-
Elexion, sweeter < breath.', and purer
Jood. and the beautv of it is that no
possible harm can result from thetr
« ontlnued use. but "oh the contrary
great benefit.
A Buffalo physi'---. in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
)«at tents suffering from gas in stomach
nnd bowels, and to clear the com-
1 l^xion and. purify the breath, mouth
*ti4 throat: I also believe the liver is
preatly benefited by the dally use of
them: they cost but twenty-five cents
a box at drug stores, and. although
ir. some sense « natent preparation, yet
I believe I get -more and better char-
coal in Stiart's Charcoal Lozenges
than in an- of the ordinary. charcoal
tablets." - EflsSEIEHJ
ADVERTISEMENTS.
( St. Louis ;
Exposition.
Grand Prize.
Highest
Possible
Award
has been granted
to
Hunyadi Janos
Natural Laxative
Water. I
WHY ?
Because it Is
the best! .HURST ESTATE. — The estate' of James
Hurst, r ¦ dweased liveryman, ha* b?en ap
praised at $20, bl.7. nearly the entire value b«-
Injf In horaiu anrf rurrluu. '-*•;¦
s Suit was filed yesterday in the Jus
tices' Court by Norman H. Squire and
Grace Squire to recover $220 16 from
Chief of Police Wittman, alleged c to
bi» unlawfully withheld by the latter,
a'rs. Squire is now under arrest for
burglary ' . .
Sues Police Chief '-Wlttman.
Rose; Decker, 326 Mason street,
swore to a complaint before Police
Judge - Cabaniss yestarday. charging
Fuy,Buck with grand larceny. She al
leges *that Miss Buck, who had been
one of her boarders, took her depart
ure on November. 18 unexpectedly and
carried away with her furs and cloth
ing: belonging to Miss Decker of the
value of $540. Detective Bell has been
detailed on the case
» Wants Her Clothes lJnck.
Judge Murasky yesterday granted a
motion for the reopening of the case
of Hush Craig 7 against John Alexander
Dowle, Zion's Elijah, to whom Craig
loaned 51764 90 in 1888, when Dowie
was conducting a mission In this city.
The case had been heard and was
ready for argument when Dowie tele
graphed his attorney, R. S. Gray, that
he had found some missing' letters
from Craig and C. K. Cadman, the let
ters being circumstantial and neces
sary to the case. Cadman was to have j
paid half of the money advanced by
Craig, but never took up his note. His
letter to Elijah, from references to it
in the trial, probably doAlt harshly
svith Craig's attitude.
Reopens Dowle Case.
Bernard 3IcNlnnie's Body Pound.
The' body of Bernard McNinnie, a
house-mover, formerly living at How
ard and Sixth streets, was found float-
Ing in the bay yesterday afternoon off
Meiggs wharf. It had 'been in the wa
ter from one to two weeks. McNlnnie
was without family and his friends
say that he had often threatened sui
cide.
It is a scriptural sayingr that a house
divided against itself must fall, but it
does not logically follow that a town
divided against itself must go to
pieces. There is a new town partly, in
the United States and partly in Mex
ico, the boundary line between the two
countries running along the middle of
the principal street.
The part of the town in the United
States. is in San Diego County. It has
been christened "Calexieo." The other
half Is in Mexico and has been called
"Mexicale." both names being formed
from the words ."California" and
"Mexico." In Calexieo there is a
United States custom-house, under
jurisdiction of the Collector of Cus
toms at San Diego; in Mexicale there
Is a Mexican custom-house. From the
vicinity of Salton Lake the Southern
Pacific Company has extended a
branch line to the twin city and thence
fifty miles to Yuma. , Considerable cus
toms~i5usineES is being done in the new
Calexieo and Meilcnlc the Center of
Business Activity Newly Opened
on -Mexican Border.
DIVIDED CITY THAT IL\S
SEPARATE CUSTOM-HOUSES
The abatement of Marsicano's place
at 1129 Dupont street is sought in the
name of the people of California by
District Attorney Lewis F. Byington,
with H. W. Hutton of the. Police
Commission as associate counsel, in
the suit filed yesterday. The action la
directed against P. Marslcano, owner
of^ the property, his lessees, P. Vin
cent, Jean Pon, Emil Kehrlein, August
Hughes, George Sellinger and Henry
Lair and a dozen or more women of
the^locality." A temporary "order re
straining the Immoralities complained
of during the trial of the abatement
suit is asked for.
" The two-story structure facing a
"T" court is described in great par
ticularity and it is said "the premises
have acquired a public and notorious
reputation and by reason thereof a
large number of thieves, vagabonds,
idle, dissolute and criminal persons
and minors of tender years congregate
about the place." Pon's "restaurant"
is designated as a "subterfuge, sham
and fraud." It* is declared that the
place is an obstruction to the use and
enjoyment of all the property bound
ed by Jackson street, the water front
and Larkin street.
Action to Piit^an End to Immoral Use
of Marslea'no's Dupont-Strect
Property.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY SUES
TO ABATE VILE RESORT
Suits for. divorce were filejj by Cath
erine Nolan against WilliJNn N'olan.
desertion; Vonia Waldier against Al
bert Waldler. desertion; Mary Eliza
beth Leak against Benjamin A. Leak,
neglect; Jennne Cavey against Au
puste Cavey, desertion. *
Joseph A. McLaughlln, who got an
interlocutory decree of divorce from
his wife, Carrie, on August 31, on the
ground of cruelty, yesterday had -the
decree set aside and the case dis
missed. Among his charges was that
Mrs.- McLaughlln had bespattered h^
countenance with .a lemon cream pie,
and another that she had cut his face
open with a collander. j
Maud C. Potter yesterday asked the
court to order her husband to show
cause why he should not be punished
for contempt for not paying her $100
due on alimony. He is a gripman,
earning $75 a month, and she says he
shook the money In her face, but told
her he .would never pay her. N
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Hebbard to Mercedes B.-Lind
say from -Robert H. Lindsay for neg
lect; by Judge Kerrigan to Pierre A.
La Chappelle from Emille La Clere
La Chappelle, desertion; to Pedro A.
Guerrero from Rosie L. Guerrero, de
sertion; by Judge. Troutt to Lena
Parsons from Dan A. Parsons, a book
agent,, whom she married at Healds
burg, desertion; to Laura B. Arthur
from Edwin Arthur, desertion. ,
Ellen E. Glaze, whose husband,
Robert E. Glaze, Is serving a life term
in prison for' murder, yesterday sued
for divorce, j They were married in
1899 and Glaze was sentenced on
January 14, 1901.
Richard Bucking asked for an annul
ment of his marriage wjth 4 Sophia
Bucking, which took place qn Octo
ber 18. . . ¦ \ . .
Robert E. Glaze Is Serving Ufe Term
in Penitentiary — Divorces Granted
and Suits Filed.
MURDERER'S AVIFE ASKS
COURT FOR SEPARATION
The Judge held that the primary elec
tion law was constitutional and disal
lowed the demurrer. Wyman pleaded
not guilty and the case was continued
till December 12 to be set for trial. '
The argument, on the demurrer to
quash the indictment charging Joseph
Rebstock, election officer, with ' violat
ing the primary election law was also
concluded, but the Judge reserved his
decision.;.
The argument on the demurrer to the
information charging Charles Wyman
with fraudulently voting at the last
primary election was resumed before
Judge Lawlor yesterday afternoon. At
torney Countryman contended that in
the act of 1901 the Legislature did. not
intend that any penalty should attach
to violations of the primary election
law and where there was no penalty
there could be no crime. He also argued
that section 64& of the Penal Code
regarding primary elections was un
constitutional because the act of 1899,
in which It was Incorporated, had been
declared unconstitutional.
Countryman took the further. ground
that section 2% of the State constitu
tion regarding primary elections was
in conflict with the Federal constitu
tion. He cited as an Illustration the*
fact that In view of the preponderance
of Republicans in the Legislature and
their percentage being high the Dem
ocratic party could not hold another
convention. That party could not go
on the ballot again by petition because
the "Registrar had the right to strike
out all the names of those who voted
at the last primary election, and they
would not have the necessary percent
age except Republican voters came "to
their fescue. He also argued that the
information had been drawn up under
the wrong section of 'the Penal Code.
Attorney Hosmer in reply contended
that the State constitution does not
conflict with the Federal constitution,
Inasmuch as it' was left to the State to
establish its own system of voting and
Qualification of voters. He argued at
considerable length that the informa
tion was drawn up under the proper
section of the Penal Code. The de
fendant had been guilty of fraudu
lently voting the name of S. IL'Mann,
although the other side had contended
that the defendant could only be
charged with false personation. '
Alleged delay on the part of the gas
Company in answering complaints of
low pressure gas and fluctuating supply
impelled a Coroner's jury yesterday to
censure" the company for the death of
Martin Ehrlich and to recommend reg
ulating legislation on the part of the
Supervisors.
Ehrlich was., accidentally suffocated
In his bed at 3342 Sixteenth street on
November 3. The evidence was that
the fixtures were leaking, and that
when on one occasion, according to the
statement of Mrs. Ethel Thlessen, a
plumber came to repair c. leak he
pumped^ water into the pipes in order
that the iron might become rusted and
stop the escape.
It was also In evidence that Mrs.
Jennings' complaint to- the gas com
pany about low pressure was not at- :
tended to until srbout a week after she
had notified the company. The follow
ing was the verdict:
During the course of Investigation, it hav
ing appeared that the - fixtures In the house
were bo flimsy as to Invite leakage, we recom
mend that the Board of Supervisors require
that fixtures of : certain standards be placed in
all buildings; also that an ordinance be passed
requiring: that all gas pipes and fixtures In new
buildings ' be thoroughly Inspected. We - also
censure the San .Francisco Gas and Electric
Company for their dilatory methods Jn ' re
sponding to the complaints - of - leakage and
other trouble with the g&s In buildings.
Contention That the Prim
ary Election Law Is Un
constitutional" Is Bcjectcd
Coroner's Jury Censures Gas
Company for Delay in
Answering a Complaint
WYMAN LOSES
ON DEMURRER
LOW PRESSURE
CAUSES DEATH
eion to think otherwise. In the cross
examination she said she never knew
that her friend was afflicted with in
somnia, pains in the back of the head
or any physical ills, as is alleged by
the contestant. Miss Dolbeer had com
plained of headaches, but the use of
glasses cured the ailment.
Miss Mary Jolllffe gave testimony to
the same effect as that of Miss Spreck
els. The witness received a letter from
Miss Dolbeer that was written in mid
ocean and mailed at Queenstown, and
the testatrix happily described inci
dents of her trip. Miss Warren was
referred to as "auntie" in a statement
that she was proving a good sailor.
Miss Mary Josselyn explained that
she and Miss Dolbeer both .stayed at
the Reglna Hotel In Paris and saw
each other every day. They went out
together often. Among other things
they participated In the v "battle of
roses" In June, and the testatrix took
a lively part in the fete of gayety. They
were both being treated by Dr. Gros
for anemia. Miss Dolbeer had, also con
tracted a cold in crossing the Atlantic,
but she was not in serious ill health
nor were her spirits at all depressed.
Miss Josselyn described her as "very
cheerful" while in Paris during the
weeks immediately preceding her death
in New York on July 9.
"Miss Dolbeer was perfectly rational
at all times, and certainly of sound
mind." said Miss Josselyn.
Cross-examination of the witness will
be resumed on Monday.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 23. — The following
San Franciscans are among the recent
visitors to the fair: A. C. Kerrel, M.
C- Shuier, W. A. Wise and wife, Mrs.
L. Brock, T. Pathres, Mrs. L. H. Reed,
A. C. Hovey, A. F. Adams, S. A.
Adams, E. Longmore, C. H. Wood. M.
Brooke. E. A. Glren, M. Block, C. A-
Westenberg, Mrs. J. N. Block, H. E.
Kentfleld, Mrs. T. W. Baker, L. P. Mc-
Carthy, Mrs. E. Dutchey.
San Franciscans Who Have Recently
Visited the Exposition.
WESTERNERS AT THE FAIR.
SOCIETY. GIRL WHO TESTIFIED YESTERDAY THAT MISS BERTHA M. DOUBEEIt SHOWED NO EVIDENCES DURING
HER RECENT VISIT. TO PARIS OF BEING MENTALLY UNBOUND. AND A KAC-SIMILB OF THE CLOSING PARA
GRAPH OF A LETTER .RECEIVED FROM HER BY THE WITNESS. . .
J. V. O'Brien, local manager of the
Western Union Telegraph Company,
swore to a warrant before Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the .arrest
of Arthur Coleman, an ex-convict, on
a charge of forgery. Detective Ed
Gibson has been detailed on the case.
Coleman has been in the habit of
hanging around the barber shop of
Ovide Gervals and on Augusr 19 Ger
vais sent a telegram to Joseph Gervals
of Fargo, X. D., asking him to send
$60 at once. The money was forward
ed through the Western Union. The
following day Coleman called at the
company's office, representing himself
as Ovlde Gervals and asked for the
money. He was informed that he
would be required to be identified.
Coleman taken by H. W.
Knowlton, better known as "Rebel
George," to H. Le Baron Smith, tailor,
"$20 Bush street, and was introduced
to Smith as Gervals. Smith was asked
to identify Coleman and the trio went
to the company's office. After Cole
man had signed the name of Ovide
Gerrais to the order and Smith and
Knowlton had indorsed it the money
was paid to Coleman. The forgery
was discovered a few days ago and
Smith paid over the $60 to the tele
graph company.
Manager of Western Union Telegraph
Company Gets Warrant for Ar
rest of Arthur Coleman..
EXECUTOR WANTS MONET. — Christopher
Klelneberg. administrator of the estate of
Carl Kruger. alleges that John BolJman !•
concealing $2000 In cash and Jewelry and
clothing which were given to him In trust by
the deceased. Bollman has been cited to show
cause why he shruld not produce the property.
ACCUSED OF OBTAINING
COIN BY FORGED ORDER
The Continental Realty Company,
•with offices in the Phelan building, is
the subject of a fraud order issued by
the Postmaster General. Postoffice
Inspector James O'Connell says that
the company started in business on
the "diamond contract" system. The
company later switched off into a "real
estate contract" system. The buyer
was to pay $1 25 per week for a period
of forty weeks, the total amount being
$50. At the end of that period it was
said he would receive the of
$S& 50 in real estate.
Use of the Mails by the
Postmaster General.
Continental Realty Company Denied
POSTOFFICE ISSUES
ANOTHER ORDER
The fruits, vegetables and flowers All
arrived in "fine condition, and the "four
railroad companies that sent the car
through so fast — in four days — and free
of charge were highly complimented.
Several boxes of oranges were given. to
the St. Louis Orphans' Home.
Judge J. H. Wills superintended the
distribution. The ladies of the exhibit
worked as hard as the" men In attend
ing to the crowd. Secretary Beard
of the . Sacramento Valley Devel
opment Association was also present
and was much pleased with the success
of the affaft-. Others who assisted are
W. E. Lovedall, a Sacramento hop
grower; Suaervisor Morris Brooke of
Sacramento and Mr. Cozzens of Fair
Oaks. .
CALL BUREAU, WORLD'S FAUI,
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 23.— The golden glow
of Sacramento Valley oranges filled the
mammoth Palace of Agriculture at the
World's Fair this afternoon, and surg
ing thousands cast delighted glances
upon the flowers and fruits of Califor
nia, and when formed into an orderly
line ate of the luscious fruit as it was
passed out to them. California, and
.especially the Sacramento Valley^ has
received a great advertisement. The real
productiveness of the northern- part of
th State is known to-night to' the peo
ple of more parts of the world than it
ever was before. >
Though the distribution of oranges
did not begin until 3 o'clock, there was a
Jam in the aisle facing the Sacramento
Valley exhibit before noou, and it grew
greater as the hours wore on. It seemed
as if half the people who had visited
the fair, were there to witness the un
usual scene and get an orange fresh
from the California groves. The crowd
did not show the wolfish propensities
usually manifest on such occasions, but
was reasonably well behaved. At 3
o'clock some speeches were made. Com
missioner J. A. Filcher spoke of the
beauties of California and the Sacra
mento Valley. Ed E. Leake of Wood
land told the people that fruits and
flowers of every description grow from
end to* end of California, and that not
only oranges, but strawberries, were
being picked in the Sacramento Valley.
Roy Brooke also made some remarks,
and the distribution began.
The exhibit space was roped off on
the main corridor and the Jefferson
Guards forced the forming of a line. It
extended from the center of the build
ing clear outside the south end, and
was made up of thousands. When the
fruit distribution ended chrysanthe
mums were handed out to the people,
who again formed into a surging mob
and scrambled wildly for bunches of
flowers thrown to them.
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
Consul General Zayquas said that
his Government was considerably dis
turbed over the widespread reports in
this country that yellow fever had
broken out on the island. Such re
ports, he said, had a tendency to keep
away tourists and hamper the trade
between this country and Cuba.
It is learned that the reason for
the energetic action of the State De
partment was that the marine hospi
tal service had reported that yellow
fever had appeared in several places
In the island of Cuba and it was
feared there might be an outbreak
in some of the large cities If prompt
preventive measures were not taken.
XEW YORK. Nov. 23. — The offi
cials of the Cuban Government to-day
officially deny the reports published in
this country that there is yellow fever
in Cuba. The denial was given out
through the Cuban Consul General la
this city.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. 23.— It was
said to-night that the communication
of the State Department to the Cuban
Government regarding the frightful
sanitary conditions at Santiago and
elsewhere is most emphatic in char
acter and is Intended to impress the
Cuban Government with the desire
of this Government for an immediate
remedying of this condition.
The economy of the fuel consumption, I
according to Edwin S. Cramp, was due ,
to the rigid discipline In the fireroom ;
and the excellence of the boilers. The
firemen distributed the coal regularly ;
and evenly with the result that the j
boilers steamed freely. At no time was '
there an attempt made to race the boat, ;
although Cramp stated at the end of
the trip that he was confident that the,
Pennsylvania could have made an aver- I
age of 23 knots. j
There was much Interest In compar- j
ing her effort to-day with that of her !
consort, the Colorado, which preceded j
her from the Cramps' yard only a j
month before. "While the latter made j
a 6.6-knot spurt at a rate of 23.294 j
per hour, her average for the entire :
course of eighty-eight miles was 22.25
knots, compared with the Pennsyl
vania's 22.43 knots.
The day was perfect for the trial, a ;
moderate breeze at the start falling to ¦
a flat calm at the finish, while the sea i
throughout was very smooth. ¦ Al- j
though the Pennsylvania started slow- j
ly, being nearly a quarter of a knot j
below her requirement over the first
two legs of the course; she gathered j
headway as she went on and over one •
leg of five miles of the forty-four to;
the turn averaged 22.53 knots an hour.
Her builders. "William Cramp & Son •
of Philadelphia, made no attempt ¦
throughout the trial to push this, their j
greatest vessel, but on the other hand;
bent their energies to exceed the Gov- ;
eminent requirement with the most J
economic expenditure of fuel possible, j
Her trial was therefore the first of the j
numerous tests over the Cape Ann |
course where speed was not the object !
sought for. \
BOSTON, Nov. 21— The armored \
qrulSer Pennsylvania In hsr official trip }
off the New England coast to-day!
made the highest speed with the small- |
est relative expenditure of fuel of any j
armored vessel so far built for th3 j
United States- navy. Her contract ;
called for 22 knots, and her average j
speed for the four hours' trial was ;
22.43 knots per hour, while her coal J
consumption was 2.2 pounds per horse- j
power per hour-
About six wertts before Mis3 Dolbecr
met her death in New York Dr. Morris
Herzstein of this city attended a din
ner party with her in Paris and ho tes
tified yesterday that she was unques
tionably of so^nd mind at that time.
The opinion had the weight. of one
«'ho has had experience in treatment
of nervous and mental diseases. His
testimony was strongly reinforced by.
Miss Mary Josselyn, who war with
Miss Dolbeer every* day in the French
capital and in her company enjoyed
many of its attractions.
The trial of the will contest is at
tracting more interest and the court
room wag crowded yesterday to its full
capacity. Society was apain well rep
resented, and a good beginning was
made in taking the testimony of those
with whom Mies Dolbeer associated.
Judge Coffees sallies of wit and the
sharp conflict of the attorneys tend
to alleviate the distress occasioned by
the stuffy atmosphere of a room in
which proper ventilation is impossible.
An adjournment was taken to Mon
day morning while Mies Josselyn was
ctill on the stand. No one ventures to
predict when the trial will be ended.
Counsel for proponents declare that the
cross-examinations are unnecessarily
long, but the attorneys for the con
testant are prompt with the retort
courteous that Pillsbury has no regard
for time in the conduct of direct ex
aminations.
Besides the testimony of the two wit
nesses concerning the health and men
tal condition of Miss Dolbeer during
her stay In Paris Just before her life
came to an end in New York, there
was testimony of three witnesses who
told r.f her eood mental poise and the
enjoyment she was finding: in life dur
ing the months and years preceding
her departure on her last trip to Eu
rni>e. Tbes» witnesses were John D.
Spreckels. Miss Grace Spreckels and
Miss Mary Jolliffe.
coxverski> ixtelijgkxtly:
Dr. Herrstefn was ILe fir6t called in
the morning and he testified that in
either the latter part of May or early
in June of th<» present year he met
Miss Dolberr at a u.nner given by
Mrs. Hotaling in Paris. Miss Dolbeer
was his companion at the table and he
engaged in conversation with her for
two or three hours on general topics,
about Paris and San Francisco.
"She tpoJie very intelligently on all
FUbJects." said the doctor, "and was
thoroughly rational — as rational as any
person could be.''
"It Is my opinion that MU«s Dolbeer
was of perfectly sound mind when I
saw her." wa» Dr. Herzstein's answer
to the qurry cf counsel.
When cross-examined he said that
one experienced in mental and nervouj
diseases as he wa« could usually dis
cover in a conversation of an hour or
two whether there was any weakness
of mind.
Hiram Johnson made much of the
fait that the witness was not familiar
with works on insanity that the at
torney has been studying for the case.
John D. Spreckels, who was the next
witness, said he knew Miss Dolbeer for
about twelve years, met her frequently
when she visited his home, was one of
several automobile and picnic parties in
which she participated and the close
acquaintanceship continued till her de
parture for Europe.
"Miss Dolbeer was certainly of sound
mind," declared the witness in response
to a question. "I never had reason to
think otherwise. I met her often and
Fhe was always rational. She was of a
very good disposition, indeed. She was
Inclined to be quiet, but at times would
unbend and be lively."
In driving an automobile Miss Dol
beer was an expert, the witness said.
Qualifications for which are nerve, self
possession and vigilance.
IJVELY IX SOCIETY.
Miss Grace Spreckels followed her
father on the stand. She was an inti
mate friend of Miss Dolbeer and often
•went into society with her. Their homes
being but a block apart, they were
often together. To combat the allega
tion that Miss Dolbeer suffered from
melancholia severely the last year of
her life. Miss Spreckels was asked to
tell of the numerous social affairs they
both attended durin? that time and Into
which, said the witness. Miss Dolbeer
at all timrs entered with zest. Miss
Dolbeer continued to enjoy herself so
ciaJly up to the time she left for Eu
rope.
Mies Spreckels had always regarded
Mi?s Dolbeer as of perfectly sound
mind, and never had the slightest occa-
Asserted That Eejwrts as
to Appearance of Yellow
Jack Are Without Truth
Remarkable Keature of the
Vessel Is Great Economy
Possible in Use of Fuel
Easterners Given Concrete
Example of. Possibilities
of Northern California
GEEAT CBOWD IN LINE
DENIAL FKOM ISLAND
SHE BEATS 22 KNOTS
Tlie Pennsylvania Exceeds
Her Speed Requirement
by. a Plentiful Margin
State. Department Sends a
Strong* Note Asking That
Prompt Action Be Taken
Sacramento Valley Supplies
Fruits and Flowers to
Thousands at . Exposition
WITNESSES WHO MET BERTHA DOLBEER
IN PARIS DECLARE THAT SHE WAS SANE
DR. MORRIS' HERZSTEIN met Miss Dolbeer at a dinner party in Paris about six weeks before
her death, and he was positive in the opinion he expressed to thejury yesterday that ! her~mind
was perfectly sound at that time. Miss Mary Josselyn, who was also in Paris last June, gave testimony
to the same effect. A number of intimate friends, who often came in contact with the young heiress
in this city, testified that they never noticed the slightest indications of insanity.
FREE ORANGES
AT THE FAIR
NEW CRUISER
IS A FAST ONE
WOULD CHECK
FEVER IN CUBA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL'L, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1904.
Miss Josselyn Tells
How the Sojourn
Was Enjoyed.
As Rational as One
Could Be, -Says
-. Dr. Herzstein.
5
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
> SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS. ;
CONTAINING 3. CAKES
¦¦ -y.'::: ¦. '¦'-'¦: of the ¦•'¦, S-
HIGHEST QUALITY
of •'« -•.-¦•••••. -
TOILET SO At.
., Your Choice of Four" Odors.,
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See ; Small Ad Page for Further
.• Particulars. V ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHY EXPERIMENT?
If You Want to Be Cured o! the
Liquor Habit Go Straight
to Dr. McKanna.
There Is on!y r,r.e treatment for th« liquor
habit that is * *-jrr*> T f. Thorp are hundreds
of i»o-<-eIled cures nhow oup»m and managers
make a:i Icings of claim? fcr. but the fact re-
main* thst Dr McKur.M'i treatment 1* the
only one that tund the tMtt. It has
Ktood the ir k t cr Urr.'- and lh? test of the most
hope'.« s rtctima of alec^Um that the police
cT Ktn M » ctiy and ether cities where Dr.
MrKenna has o.'fKen rouid Droduce. Dr Mc-
f fiT*!?* 11 "^ CUr<Hl any numb «- °f victims
*L£\£ UO J< l * hO ha " en «P«rlmented
upon and riven up as hoptlca by so-«UI«d
lh* indorsement of county and ,ltv f« . ,
Dr. McKanna h a8 nJven hi, Thr^ST/ «££ £•
cure for nfte*-n v M n< and In that uml »?
cu^ «ver nn-en thou^nd people t™ «Jv
cured. Call or ad-lrms. vcupie to nay
DR. J. J. McKANNA,
14 GEARY STREET,
MAS PR.WCMCO. CAU '
2ilCSC j frit X j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You Thinking:
of the cold, nasty, dlssffreeable WEATHSE
THAT'S COMING, when Jnpttar Plu»la*
commences to set In his work this
Coming Winter
While It's trne ttist tbe temperature to J»
this vlrtalty ideal now.
BUT ! I
la asoat 30 or 40 dajs tt win t* COLD
IT WILL RA1IN'
* We want tn ktop roar boas* tad *fle«>«
WARM this winter. We do It wtta
GASTEAM RADIATORS
1 Tier <o the work, keep 70a wans. Do»*t
wsit till It's cold before 70a «rd«r r«» to
• dottn of thes* Ssdlrton.
OO 1TNOW
1 Here's tbe Idea: A rarnHr STTEAH
Radiator using rat for fuel. NO COAi.
WOOD OB ASHES to botner y<wr wife—
that helps some.
1 Write for particulars or CAtb- A.VD SZX
TBE OASTEAM la operation at oar sales-
room* (beating department hi basement>:
bot If 70a harea't time to do tbat. pooae
as and we will send onr Oasteam man to
can «a joa wlta toll Information.
T&XYATX EXOHASOZ J.
THE GAS COMPANY
L 415 POST ST. J
THE KING OF BIRDS
Dofts his crown to the excellence of
United States Laundry work, because he
knows it's always pleasing to renned
tastes and its promptness of delivery is
dependable.
Your better Judgment will have, the
same tendency after one trial of our
work. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 UABKST STMZT. ,
¦•Unhms Souti 420.REMAINS s BROUGHT ,TO J. OAKLAND.—
Oakland, Nov. ' 23. — Tb« remains* of '-N. D.
Chamberlain. • a« former ..resident ' of . this city.
who died in Oxnard, havs bern brought to his
old borne In tfcls cit}- lor ¦ buriai. k '
NEW.YORK.Nov.23.~The funeral
of General Louis , di Cesnola, . director
of the Metropolitan Museum of 'Art
took place in St. Patrick's Cathedral
to-day. The Italian Embassador
Baron Mayor des Planches, • J Pi er '
pent Morgan., D.o: -Mills and Carl
fichurz were among the pallbearers.
Notables Act as Pallbearers.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 23. — -Officers were
installed by Branch No. 3 of the Cath
olic Ladies' Aid Society to-night as
follows: Past president, Mrs. Charles
Clifford; president, Miss Bessie Gal
lagher;, senior . vice president, Mrs.
George King; junior vice president,
Mrs. O. fe. Meysel; corresponding sec
retary, Miss Kate Jollymour; financial
secretary, Miss Mary Courtney; treas
urer, Miss Emmaline : Doyle; marshal.
Miss Bessie Jollymour;. guard, Mrs. J.
J. \Tompkinson. Miss Mary Carr,
grand of the" Catholic La
dies',Aid conducted the In
stallation ceremonies.
Catholic Ladles Install.
BERKELEY. Nor. 23. — At a meet
ing of the Ashby Improvement Club
last night the plen of having an im-.
mense reservoir in the hills back of
the university, into which salt water
from the bay would be pumped, was
given indorsement and- steps "will be
tcken to secure concerted actloi by
ull the Improvement clubs of Berke
ley to have the project carr'ed out.
The water in the reservoir, wouM be
pumped, through a system of pipes
owned by the city and used to-"* fire
rrctectlon. according to the plans of
th»sc,who have suggested the^idea.
Berkeley Citizens Propose Scheme lo
Supply College Town With Pro
tection From Fire.
PLAX TO CONSTRUCT
IJIMEXSE -RESERVOIR
OAKLAND; • Nov. 23.— While duck
hunting fhis morning at San Lorenzo
William' C. Russell, a, prominent
young mining engineer of this city;
was accidentally shot in , the face by
William Poole of the bicycle firm . of
Leavitt & Bill. The men, with E.J.
Stewart, a Veal estate broker, were
shooting across a pond. Poole'sgun
was discharged Just as Russell*step
ped in front of; the weaponl ! * The
charge, of shot struck; Russell;"glanc
ing across his /face; many of the pel
lets lodging in his; chin. •> •
. After, the accident the hunters has
tened, to Oakland, where I Russell's in
jury was ', treated by Dr. ! W. ; D. : Hunt
ington. /The wound f was painful, but
is not serious., Russell is ', confined^ to
his home,- 689 Thirty-third street. •
William C. Russell, Mining Engineer,
Wounded WTiile on a Trip to
San Lorenzo.
NORFOLK, Nebr., Nov. 23. — Gus
Sjtock Jr., aged 23, a naval engineer of
Seattle, Wash., was shot and killed by
his father early to-day. Before the
young man died he made an ante
mortem statement to the effect that
his father did the shooting because the
son refused to join him In a raid on
a neighbor's chickens. The father de
clares the shooting was accidental.
Young Stock was visiting his home
during the Thanksgiving holidays.
Gas Stock Jr., a Seattle Naval
Engineer, Killed In Nor- '
l^j^i . folk, Nebr. .
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— -Deeds have
been placed on record by Milton and
E. . J^ Shepardson, giving back to
James Irvine of San Francisco a val
uable . piece . qfj Berkeley real estate,
which it was recently discovered had
been deeded by a\. fictitious I James ; Ir
vlne , of Kentucky to the Shepardsons
In the presence of Edward Stewart, a
notary public here. :/
i The Shepardsons paid the fictitious
Irvine $4500 for the "property. They
erected . three houses and put a mort
gage on the . place for this amount.
The real Irvine said that he did not
wish to see any one , lose: any:. money
by the ! transaction and ', was to
take ; the property, -back and - assume
the ' mortgage. While the exact facts
have riot . been . given out, Irvine ' has
hisi land again 'and it is. believed^that
this: was the nature of the settlement
of the transaction.
The Shepardsons Deed Him Land
» That Was Sold Under False
Pretenses.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT BY v
FELLOW DUCK HUNTER
SHOT BY FATHER WHEN
HE REFUSED TO STEAL
IRVINE GETS BACK HIS
PROPERTY IX BERKELEY
POINT RICHMOND. Nov. 23.— The
census ordered by the Board of Su
pervisors prior to the incorporation
of the town shows that the settlement
that is embraced in the general name
"Point Richmond". is now the largest
town In Contra Costa County an i "that
it -has a population of about 5000 and
is Mill growing. ¦
Within the lines that have been set
hy the Supervisors as the limits of
the proposed town of Richmond there
ia fi population of 3500 people. These
lines do not include the entire popula
tion of the district, for many import
ant points have been omitted from in
corporation because the corporations
owning the properties did nojt wish to
pay city taxes. It is estimated that
at least 1500 people have been left
outside of the proposed town, so 'that
the population of the district Is now
fully 5000. .. •
The petition for' incorporation will
come before the Supervisors at their
next meeting. • S V ¦. . .
Census Prior to Incorporation Showu
It to Have Five Thousand
Population. "
POINT RICHMOND NOW
LARGEST TOWN IX COUNTY
San Diego Honey Crop Is a Failure.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. M.-^ReporU
from the back. country state. that..the
honey crop in this county 'is' practi
cally a total failure. The 'lack of feed,
following the long drouth, is the
cause! Local beemen have become
honey buyers in order to l^ep their
bees alive and some of them have" lost
their swarms. Other stands were sav#d
by their owners taking them to Ne
vada. . : . . -v-
Wigg— "I don't believe art pays, do
you?" Wagg-"Well, I know artists
don't." : -'.'C-'.'O i <\
Dr. and Mrs. Chancellor will go East
for a few weeks and then return to La
salle to remain for the holiday season.
Later they will leave for Santa Bar
bara, where they expect to 1 - reside per
manently. •¦ -
LASALLE. 111.; Nov. 23. — Miss
Emma Elise Matthiessen, the youngest
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Mat
thiessen, was married to-day to Dr.
Philip Stanley Chancellor of *Santa
Barbara. Cal, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
C. W. Chancellor of Washington, D.
C. The wedding Was solemnized at the
residence of the bride's parents in this
city.- ': : ¦ . . • .
Dr. Chancellor of California Leads
Miss Emma Matthlessen to
the Altar.
SANTA BARBARA MAN
W'EDS IN ILLINOIS
Louis Dagner, a stair builder, .took
the stand in his own defense to-day in
a divorce action. He said that cruel
acts on his wife's part had caused him
to' leave her. Mrs. Dagner conducts a
lodging-house at 323 Ninth street and
wants a divorce, and says that she
has had to earn her own living for
the last five years.
Alleging that her husband keeps a
loaded shotgun in the house with
which he threatens to blow off her
head, Mary E. Mayer has begun an
action for divorce from Peter H.
Mayer. She says she is afraid of him
and that he has wounded her feelings
by telling men that he was tired of
her and wished some one would run
away with her.
OAKLAND, Nov. 23. — The di
vorce suit of Ross Van Horn against
his wife is still pending. Mrs. Van
Horn and her children have testified
that they were neglected in Seattle
and that they were compelled to
gather wood from the forest. Mrs.
Van Horn has not yet rebutted the
damaging testimony to the effect that
her- conduct with Adolph Knopf was
improper. The case will be on for a
week or more. ' •
Oakland Judges Are Busy Settling
Domestic Affairs of Unhappy
Couples.
Rev. E. R. Parsons, rector of St.
Mark's, will, preach the sermon. Th.i
ministers assisting will be Rev. C. K.
Jenness 0$ the Trinity Church, Rev.
E. W. Darst of the First Christian
Church, Rev. A. S. Cpates of Evangel
Baptist Church and Rev. W. H. Hoy
kins, of the Congregational
The. vested choir will furnish the
music. ¦ •
BERKELEY, Nov. 23. — Union
Thanksgiving services are to be held
to-morrow by the church people of
Berkeley in the Kip Memorial Church,
when ,ti*e congregation of. St. Mark's
parish will unite in worshio'with, the
other Protestant denominations of tne
town. The services will be under the
auspices of the Berkeley ' Federation
of , Churches, representing all denom
inations. . . . . '.
Berkeley Folk to Give Thanks and
Worship in Edifice of St.
Mark's Parish.
SEATTLE, Xov.-23.^-The steam
ship City' of "Seattle,' bouna^from Ju
neau to Skagway, went ashore, at.Ea
gle River at 6:30 p. m., stavfhg a .big
hole in her, hull just beneathwthe toil
ers. No lives were lost and^the^Ves
sel ts reported- -resting Easily. ,^The
Seattle is owned by the Pacific .Qoast
Steamship Company.
Vessel fleets With Disaster While
Making the Trip From Juneau !
to SUajway. ' : ~ = ' > '¦'¦ '"¦''¦
DIVORCE TRIALS OCCUPY
ATTENTION OF THE COURTS
UNION' SERVICE IX
EPISCOPAL CHURCH
STEAMER CITY OF SEATTLE
ASHORE AT EAGLE-KIVER
The Grand Jury met to-day after an
adjournment lasting over a month,
made Its final report . and was dis
charged by ... Judge . S. P. Hall.
In the. report submitted a recom
mendation is made in regard to the
County Infirmary, in which it is stated
that the ward for incurables is inade
quate for the number of patients, and
recommends that the entire ward be re
modeled. ' •
In regard to other county affairs the
report states that a preceding "Grand
Jury had gone over the ground so re
cently that there was little for It to do.
The county offices had only Just been
examined, and there was no necessity
for appointing an expert to have the
work gone over again.
Other matters such as were brought
before it were investigated, but did not
Justify further action.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 23.
Reports That There Is No
Necessity of Going Over
the Books of Officials
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 23. — Manuel
Rashel was severely injured this after
noon at Sebastopol. He waa driving
along the main street, accompanied by
his 3-year-old child, when, a dog ran
out and frightened his horse,. The
animal sliled to one side and upset the
vehicle in which Rashel and his child
were riding. The little one escaped
injury, but Rashel was thrown with
great violence to the ground and in
jured internally., i.i'y/4
Manuel Kashel of Sebastopol Meets
With an Accident Which
3Iny Prove Fatal. ,
FINAL MEETING
OF GRAND JURY
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— J. Plerpont
Morgan has come into his own. and
King, his prize-winning carriage horse,
is again in his stables on East Thirty
filth street. When Alfred G. Vander
bilt learned of the curious chain of
circumstances which led to his sup
posed ownership of the animal he took
immediate action and to-night restored
King to his rightful owner.
It is explained that Morgan gave or
ders to send High Tide, one of his
horses, to pasture. The coachman by
mistake sent King, believing it to be
High Tide. When Morgan- returned
from Europe he gave orders that High
Tide should be sold, so King was sold
by mistake. Alfred G. Vanderbilt was
the purchaser. This is how King won
the blue ribbon at the horse show un
der the name of High Tide. " • ! v - \
King Had Been Sold to Alfred G.
Vanderbilt as Result of
a Mistake.
THROWN FROM A BCGGY
AND SERIOUSLY IXJURED
,T. P. MORGAN REGAINS
PRIZE-WINNING HORSE
STUDENT WHO HAS BEEN* SUS
PENDED AS A RESULT OF THE
. NANCE TROUBLE. >
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Nov. 23.
The ax which has hung over the
heads of various members of the senior
class at the university, who are cred
ited with responsibility for the riot on
the campus a few weeks ago, fell to
day and found a victim in William T.
Hale, one of the most prominent men
lu the university. Hale was informed
by President Wheeler this morning
that he has been suspended until Au
gust, 1905.
Hale is editor of the Daily Califor
cian, a student publication which
prints tbe news of university affairs
and is controiled and edited by col
legians. The editorial policy of Hale,
with regard to the dispute between
Captain Nance, military instructor at
the university, and the senior class
which objected strenuously to Nance's
inarching orders, is responsible for the
young editor's suspension. The stu
ients' affairs committee considered his
case a week ago, summoned him to ex
plain his conduct, heard his explana
tions and defense and then recommend
ed his suspension for a time that equals'
a college year.
The fate of fourteen other seniors
still hanps in the balance, forty-eight
of the sixty-three who were originally
In disgrace having been placed on pro
bation by order of President Wheeler
yesterday on Captain Nance's recom
mendation. Each of the fourteen anx
iously awaits news of the action to be
taken in his particular case-
President Wheeler called Hale into
his office shortly before noon, and in
formed him of his fate. Later the
president said: "Mr. Hale is suspend
ed upon the recommendation of the
etudents' affairs committee, which con
sidered that his two editorials preced
ing the disturbance on the campus
« ere partly responsible for the trouble."
Professor W. A. Setchell of the stu
dents' affairs committee which convict
ed Hale, was on the campus during the
riot and tried to preserve order.
Professor Setchell, at Hale's hearing,
cited Hale's editorial in which he re
ferred to the military class as a mil
itary kindergarten and to Captain
Nance as a "schoolmaster." informing
Hale that the entire tone of his edi
torial had encouraged the seniors to
rebel as they did.
Hale talked a few days ago of carry
ing the cases of classmen who might
be dismissed from college as a sequel
to the riot to tbe academic senate and
appealing to that court of last resort.
He said to-day, however, that he has
no complaint to make and will not
contest the action of the -.university
authorities. He resides at San^ Diego
and will leave at once for his home.
His place as editor of the Daily Cali
fornian will be taken temporarily by'
Joseph Loeb. j now managing editor ''¦ of
the publication. \ -; /.?••-> -
. One hears wonderful things , of the dinner
jrlven by that born vlvant and clubman,
Charles Hanlon, the other day • at his beauti
ful San Francisco home on Jackson street.
The rarest of imported wines and viands
made ui> the menu and the decorations of the
silver and cut gla!>s laden . table were both
unique and beautiful. Gorgeous American
Beauty roses filled the center of the table and
the heart of every rose was a tiny incandes
cent light. Among the guests at' the ''affair
were the Sahi Shortridges and the Gilbert
Curtlpes. ' ' ' ~-
The toasts at the Federation luncheon In
Alameda yesterday were unusually bright and
witty. Although- the titles were all high
soundinz and . dignified, the toasts were bur
lesques and extremely clever. Mrs. Woodbury.
who has a rare wit, was especially good..
Much of ' the merriment at the luncheon was
due to the toastmlstress. ¦ Mrs. J. B. Hume,
who Is a splendid presiding officer.
MIrs Delight Woodbury, the young daughter
of Mr, and Mrs. Charts Woodbury • will en
tertain a few friends at her home next Sat
urday.
One of the many things Oaklanders have to
be thankful for is the delightful glimpse into
the world of art that C. P. Nlelson. that clev
er California water colqrist. Is giving us this
week,' He Is exhibiting forty or more pictures
at Saake's studio on Telegraph avenue and
atnone them are many delicious bits reminis
cent of his recent trip to Old Mexico, as well
as views of Monterey and San Francisco's
famous Chinatown. ¦ .
' Miss 'de Neale Morgan, another local artist,
is exhibltlne her work during this week and
next at her home, 611 Nineteenth street. MIhs
Morgan spent the Bummer at picturesque Car
mel-by-the-sea and brought back several in
teresting studies, tooth in oil and water colpr.
Chapel Judson. who Is also well known here,
has a fine collection of paintings on' exhibi
tion at tlie Schussler gallery fn San Fran
cisco. ,-;.-;/ . • • .
The art section held forth at the Oakland
Club to-day with Mr». F. A. Lacey in the
chair. "Florentine Art" was the topic of the
hour Miss Lillie Swales read an article on
"Italy," by W. A. Story, and Mrs. C. E.
Jones read a paper on the "Medici 'Family."
Fra Angelico was the subject of Miss M. D.
Manning's discourse. Dr. F. A. Lacey spoke
at; length on "Our Public Schools. fcome
lady whose name has escaped my memory,
contributed two very delightful whistling solos.
< OAKLAND, Nov." 23.— To-morrow, whether
we have anything to be particularly thankful
for or not, we will all observe the old and
pleasant if somewhat pagan custom of sac
rificing the proud gobbler in annual thanks
giving to the gods that have smiled benignly
upon us since our appetite for turkey was last
appeased. Teas and card clubs are forgotten
to*- the nonce and many a well-known society
woman's superintending, with unusual and un
reserved pleasure, the preparations for the
yearly dinner, that to be really good must
include the old-fashioned dishes that "mother
used to make." The number of society women
who are really artists in the way of concocting
a noteworthy meal Is surprising, and the day
seems not lar off when belles will boast of
their housewifely ability.
Few homes will be without the browned
Thanksgiving bird to-morrow, among ! those
who entertain family parties every year be
ing the Chabots. the R. G. Browns, the J. R.
Scuphams the Wheatons. the Thomas Crelllna,
and nearly all of the old and large families.
where sons, daughters and grandchildren are
gathered about the festal board.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
SOCIETY-THANKS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 23.-— A prop
osition to institute a life Insurance de
partment'for members, of the National
Grange occupied, most of to-day's >e»
sion "of the grange convention. The
matter "was. introduced 'by '' V.^-K.
Thompson, chairman of ' a ¦ special
committee appointed at ¦ the annual
.convention two years ago. ¦ The in
structions of this committee were to
investigate the subject and report to
the National Grange. The> subject
has been continued from year to year,
but to-day It was fully discussed by
the delegates. Final decision has not
been reached.
3Iay Institute a Department for* tl*e
Members of the National
Organization.
GRANGE DISCVSijES LIFE
. INSURANCE PROPOSITION
VIOLATES GAME* LAW.— Oakland, Nov.
23.— A. A. Lazzlnl, a poultry man with a
stall in the Free Market, was arrested this
mornlnr by Game Warden Thomas Wood and
charged with having more ducks In his pos
session than the law allows. He had three
sacks aggregating 141 ducks: the law per
mits only fifty. He was taken to the County
Jail, where he was released on $40 cash bail.
NEW OFFICERS OF COMPANY I.—Liver
more. Nov. 23. — Company I of the Fifth Regt
ment of this city reorganized this wer'.c by
electlnc some new oficere. Captain J. O.
McKown was elected to succeed himself. Sec
ond Lieutenant C. W. Beck was advanced to
the place of first lieutenant, vice M. Schoen
feld. resigned, and Corporal Earl J. Inman
was elected second lieutenant. Major D. A.
Smith presided at the "lection.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland. Nov.
23. — The following marriage licenses were is
sued by the County Clerk to-day: Burton R.
Fraser, over 21, and Evelyn G. Sloan, over IS.
both of Oakland; Nicholas de Ruiz. 34, and
Susie T. McGabe, 28. both of San Francisco;
Richard L. Wolfe. 22. and May M. Lucas. 20.
both of Oakland; George Robinson, over 21.
Irrington. and KIsie Stone, over 18, Hay wards:
Jam»s Plserti, 33, and Rosie Panella, 29, both
of Oakland; A3a R. Estes. 22. and Emma Pen
nelas, 1!), both of San Francisco; Harry Wales,
26, and Lillie Klrby, 24. both of Newark; Jos
eph Sllva, 24, Haywards, and Gussle Com
macho. 19. San Leandro; Harry Whlttaker. over
21. and Blanche E. Duffy, over 18, both of
Oakland; Henry H. Todd, over 21, Alameda.
and Margaret Muller, over 18. Boston: 'Wil
liam J. Hosford. over 21. and Nellie E. Ben
son, over 18. both of Alameda: George A.
Clunie. 57, and Joan H. Chapman. 52, both of
Oakland.
DISCHARGES CHINESE.— Oakland. Nov.
23.— Ah Sing, charged with Insanity bv Lule
Tung % his next door neighbor, was discharged
this ."morning by Judge Melvln after an ex
amination by Drs. Medros and Fine. Tung
declared Ah Wins was constantly threatening
him with a cleaver. The patient said that he
only did this to protect himself and that Tung
was taking this method to get rid of him.
WILL REMOVE EXHIBIT. — Oakland,
Nov. '2.5.— Practically the entire exhibit of Ala
meda County at the W r orld'« Fair at St. Louis
will be transferred to the Lewis and Clark Ex
position at Portland. Th« Alameda County
Commissioners are making arrangements to
this end undtr Instructions from the Super
visors.
BURIED BY ELKS.— Oakland. Nov. 23.—
The funeral of the late Henry Mellmann, wh»
died Tuesday at his home. 1378 Franklin
street, took place from there this afternoon
under the auspices of Oakland Lodge of Elks.
Rev. William Carson Shaw, chaplain of the
lodge, and the lodge officers officiated.
DEATH OF A CHILD.— Oakland, Nov. 23.
Elizabeth Bradford Webster, the four-year-old
child of Mr. and Mrs. Bradford Webster.- died
at the home of her parents. 1254 Webster
strjet. last evening. Th/r funeral will be held
to-morrow. The father Is a well known San
Francisco attorney.
TALK TO SAILORS.— Oakland. Nov. 23.
United States Senator George C. Perkins will
spe«.k to sailors «>t the Seaman's Ftest, Broad
way, near Fourth Btreet, on Friday evening.
Senator Perkins at one time went to sea him
self ?.nd can talk with a full knowledge of
that life.
INSANITY PLEA FAILS.— Oakland. Nov.
23.— Joseph Freudenberpr, who failed to con
vince the Lunacy Commissioners of his Insan
ity after his arrest on a charge of petty lar
ceny, was sent to the City Prison for twenty
five days by Police Judge Mortimer Smith.
BURIED IN OAKLAND.— Oakland. Nov.
23.— The remains of Walter C. LeNoir. who
died in Santa Barbara, have been brought to
hU home in this city. The funeral will take
place from the First Methodist Church to
morrow. '•¦- *
BOY DIES SUDDENLY.— Oakland, Nov.
2.1.— Albert E. Ford, eleven years old, died sud
denly last nlsht.at hts home, 191b Eleventh
avenue. The Coroner found that appendicitis
had caused death.
BERKELEY. Nov. 23. — The glee and man
dolin clubs have accepted an invitation to
*lve a ' concert • at Mills College on the even
ing of December 2. About forty members of
the musical clubs will take part in the affair.
The members of. the second football eleven who
went to Sbnora to-day to play ttjere on Thanks
day with a local team include the following
players: Allen. Allason. Brown. Hill. O'Con
nell, Luce. Mclnnes, Arlett. Evans. Barthels.
Stinea, Anloff, Galloway. Weddle. De Armand.
Trainer Hay wards 'and Manager Bishop accom
panied the -team. : j '.
Tht Oakland Philharmonic Society is to give
the half hour of music in the Greek Theater
next Sunday afternoon under the direction of
Arthur Weiss. v :.....-.
University exercises are to be suspended for
three days, commencing: to-morrow, and all
buildings will be closed until next Monday.
The sophomore committee appointed to se
lect a burlesque for production by the class in
Oakland next spring has announce., that the
competition between members' of the class is
now open and ' manuscripts will be received
by the committee, which includes R. H. van
Sant Jr., M. McFJe. - H.«H. Guuerson and J.
Fletcher. Tne. number of acts in the bur
lesque Is optloru^ with writers, though the
performance is to be of about two hours dura
tion. The burlesques ¦ mast have local setting
and "color" 1 and are to be submitted before
*lt has been definitely- decided that the Glee
Club of the university is to take a Christmas
and New Year trip to Nevada cities. Among
the places at which concerts will be given are
Reno and Carson City, Nev.. and Auburn and
Truckee Cal. Other cities will be added to the
itinerary. In a second trip to be made
later Sacramento ana towns adjacent to ban
Francisco will be visited. The club will lea\e
on December 19. S. H. -Hawley manager,
will supervise the trip. ,He will take twenty
one men with, ntm. Thfa;Js Jhe first extended
trip takenq>y'the clubWrfrig^the holidays for
several years. __
The lecture In French * fcy/Robert Dupouey
was given yesterday. in the students °bserva
tory instead of. in-East- HalL The room in
the hall was not large enough to contain tn«
crowd that desired to hear Mr. Dupouey speak
of "Modern Parisian Life as Seen on the
St A B party of about fifty adventurous graduate
students made a trip to Grizzly peak to-night,
starting from the Greek Theater at S o clock
A committee composed of Missjbptpn. iilas
Madge Xagle. Miss Storer. Miss Flora Martin
F. Lasater. P. Storer and F. Adams had
charge of tbe affair.
OAKLAND NEWS.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
According to a decision of the- Su
preme Court Just handed.down former
Mayor R. W. . Snow must return
$186832 to the city treasury. During
his incumbency as City Auditor he re
tained $7868 32 as fees on collec
tions made by him on personal, prop
erty taxes. Suit was begun against
him. but it was found that the statute
of limitations had operated against
$6000 of the amount and shutting out
all except the amount for which Judg
ment has been rendered.
The case was first tried before Judge
S. P. Hall, who found in favor of the
city, stating that all Snow was entitled
to was his salary of ?3000 a year and
that he was not entitled to any. money
for fees. The case was appealed from
this decision and the Supreme Court
has now affirmed the decision. It is
presumed that the amount of the judg
ment must come from Snow's- bonds
men, the Fidelity and Guaranty Coni
pany of Maryland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Nov. 1«.
While Keceiving a Salary
of §3000 a Year He -Re
tained §7,868 32 Besides
CLABIS IT AS HIS FEE
Supreme Court Says That
Former 3Iayor ;Snow Has
No Eight to $1,868 32
ALAMEDA, Nov. , 23. — Union
Thanksgiving services will be held to
morrow morning, commencing at 11
o'clock, in the First Presbyterian
Church, the following congregations
to participate: First Methodist Epis
copal Church, First Congregational
Church, First Baptist' Church, Union-
Street Methodist Church South, Santa
Clara-Avenue Methodist Episcopal
Church, First Free Methodist Church
and Christian church. Special ser
vices will be held at Christ Episcopal
Church, beginning at 10 a. m., and at
the German Lutheran Church in the
evening at 7:45 o'clock. " Thanksgiv
ing mass will be sung at St. Joseph's
Catholic Church at 9 a. m.
Holy communion will be celebrated
at 7:30 o'clock to-morrow morning, at
Trinity. Church, the Rev., Clifton Ma
con, the rector, officiating.
The Rev: William Carson Shaw, the
rector, will, conduct divine worship to
morrow morning at the Church of the
Advent. „ . . " ¦'.."'
¦.According. to custom, a Thanksgiving
eve service jwas :i heid tp-night. af : the
Church of the Advent, in whiqh Episco
pal rectors of Oakland took part.. The
Rev. Frederick \W Clampett, D. D.. of
San Francisco preached, the sermon.
Oakland Lodge: No. 171 of Elks, of
which the Rev. William. Carson' Shaw
is rector, attended the services.
The children of Union-slreet Presby
terian Sunday-school held a harvest
home festival Tuesday night, at which
many gifts /were made to supply the
poor with Thanksgiving dinners.
Thanksgiving in Alameda.
The Second Congregational, Chester
street JMethodist, Union-street Presby
terian *and Calvary Baptist churches
will meet at Chester-street Methc-dist
Church to-morrow morning .at 10:30
o'clock. The Rev. Madison Slaughter,
pastor of Calvary Baptist Church, will
preach the sermon.. "
Thanksgiving day services will be con
ducted in all of the Episcopal churches.
At.St. John's holy communion will, be
celebrated at 7:30 o'clock in the morn
ing by the Rev. Edgar F. Gee. the rec
tor. A choral celebration will follow
at 10 o'clock, when the rector will
preach the sermon.
• At St. Paul's.' at 10:30 o'clock, the
Rev. Charles T. Walkley. the rector,
will preach. A male choir, under direc
tion of Edwin Dunbar Crandall, will
sing in the chants. ,
i The Rev. 6. St. John Scott, the rec
tor, will officiate at St. Andrew's
Church. •
, Organ prelude; doxology-creed-gloria; pray
er. Kev.'C. R. Brown; hymn No. 198 1. Rev.
Paul Stewart; reading of President's procla
mation. Rev. E. E. Baker: offertory,. "Give
Thanks Unto God," choir; sermon, Rev. T. A.
Boyer; hymn No. 10S9, Rev. A. M. Shaw: ben
ediction. Rev. H. J. ( Vosburgh; organ postlude.
In East Oakland union services will
be held at Pilgrim Congregatlc-nal
Church in the morning. The Rev. H. C.
Boardman, pastor of the Tenth-avenue
Baptist Church, will preach the ser
mon. The Tenth-avenue Baptist,
Brooklyn Presbyterian, Eighth-avenue
Methodist and* Pilgrim Congregational
churches will take. part. ... ,
The evangelical churches in Central
Oakland will unite in a praise service
to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock at
the First Methodist Church: The order
of service follows:-
Services in observance of Thanksgiv
ing day will be held in . the churches
throughout the city. Business will be
suspended and Federal, county and
municipal officials will take a holiday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 23.
MUST GIVE HIS
PRESENTS BACK
Mr. Hershey's bulletin outlines the
bedrock geology and the gecmorpho
geny of the region, and includes a de
tailed description of the various ter
race remnants with a summary of their
characteristic features and differences.
Concerning the age of the terraces, Mr.
Hershey says:
I arbitrarily reduce the assigned age of the
highest terrace to 250,000 years. Tbe portion
of the Sierran Canyon above the 850- foot ter
race is more than three times as deep as that
below, several times as wice, and has charac
teristics indicating a mucli creater age. It is
undoubtedly conservative to assign it a period
of erosion not more than three times as great
as the age of the highest terrace, or 75O.OC0
years. This yields a. total nge for the Sierran
Canyon of 1,000,000 years, and that figure also
represents my idea of the probable length of
the Quaternary era.
The oherwood Valley has the appearance of
being at least flvft times as old as the Sierran
Canyon, or 5,000,000 years. The geologists who
are working the Pacifir Coast country are in
dined to assign much longer periods of dura
tion to the Pliocene and Pleistocene than do
tho^e whose field lteS In the Eastern, Stnte*.
Recently Dr. A. C. Lawson has given as a
posV.bl* duration for Quaternary time •_'. /.*>., 000
y*ar». However, tie includes in the Quater
nary the period of erosion of a series of '"high
valleys" of the Upper Kern Basin, which valleys .
appear to me 1 to be the correlatives of the
Sherwood valleys of the Klamath region. My
figure corr«.pj>ondins to hia given above Is C
000,000 years. • ... •
After delving deep into the secrets of
the river terraces of the Orleans Basin
in California, Oscar Hershey of the ge
ological department of the university
has put the results of his investigation
in a lengthy and exhaustive bulletin
issued to-day from the press of the uni
versity. Mr. Hershey says of the river
terraces problem:
During the flirt f«w years of my residence In
California rtie river terraces did net appear. to
present any inter'sting problems, but tho deeper
I delve Into their history the more fascinating
grows the study. They are important because
they indicate o!oi?enlc disturbances end chants
of climate, and because by means of them »e
will be furnished the best chronometer cf gla
cial events. It is possible that they may yield
facts bearing strongly on the cause of the great
Quaternary They furnish the basis
for the classification of Quaternary land faunas.
Further, the relics of early man in California
may be referred to the different terraces and
thus some Idea gained of tneir relative ages.
So far. in the Orleans Basin, I have failed to
secure authentic evidence of the presence of
man until after the completion of the 45-foot
terrace.
»
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 23.
Millions of Years Taken
to Bring About Natural
Phenomena in California
Fire threatened the destruction to
night of the armory of Companies A
and F, Fifth^Regiment, N. :G.' C, on
Twelfth street, near . Broadway. It
was the night of the annual ball and
reunion of Company ;A« an event'' of
much note in society circles. . The
large drill hall had been superbly
decorated. Just before 9 o'clock',
while the myriads of electric ' lights
wtfre being tested, a flash of flame
startled the soldiers. A flare from a
gas jet communicated with the decor
ations and the snapping of an .elec
tric wire short circuited the line.
In an instant the east side of the
hall, covered with light draperies, was
in flames. Quickly an alarm was
sounded that brought out the Fire
Department. The lights were/ shut
off to prevent what appeared to be a
short circuit on the electric wiring
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
' 1016 Broadway, Nov. 23.
Streams from a chemical engine got
the fire under control. ; The building
was saved, but the elaborately illu
minated ballroom' was about ruined.
¦-¦ In the .excitement copl T militiamen
removed the companies':, rifles to a
place of safety., and every precaution
.was taken to prevent' loss to the com
panies* .movable property. ... •
: After the emoke had been cleared
out it-was decided to continue with
the. ball.. -Enough was left of the dec
orations to show the dainty design
that had been worked out.-;.
There )T was. ; sorae delay In re
arranging things after the firemen de
parted, but the throng of guests over
looked the \ slight inconvenience and
danced untiJ late- into the night. Mu
sic .was given by the Thirteenth
United States Infantry, band.
doing -further damage, while the fire-,
men, headed :by Chief Ball and As
sistant Ctilef.1 McDonald, went to
work. . ~' '¦¦'<
Elks' Lodge Takes Part in
Evening Services at the
Advent; Episcopal Altar
OPINION OF HERSHEY
CHOIRS ARE TO CHANT
Electric Currents Cause the Trouble
Beautifully Decorated Armory of Militia
Rudely Marred by^Flames.
Congregations Throughout
Oakland Are to Meet in
Observance of the*; Day
Scientist of University
Delves Into Mysteries
'of the Orleans Basin
TERRACES ARE
OLD IN STORY
CHURCHES OPEN
TO SAY THANKS
FIRE BREAKS OUT AT SOLDIERS'
BALL BUT THE DANCE GOES ON
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1904.
Committee May Report on Others
Sditor of Students JPaily Surfers
for Wielding a Pen.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
SUSPENDS HALE.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f*ARTrP*Q tnese Little Pills.
iJM I \ I L i\O They a^o relieve Dls-
533 in. — tresa trorn Dyspepsia. Ia-
TH? IT" TLE digestion arul Too Hearty
13 I V P" R EatUjg. A perfect rca-
II n|,| i* ed7 for Dizziness. Xacsea.
fi rlLfcd, Drorvslness. ' Bad Taste
' J|fl S3 la tho Moutb. Crated
Tffffjffilffil Tonjrue.FalalattteSUlfc.
¦ — JTORPID ?LTVER. THoy
regulate tta Bowels.- Purely Vegetable
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSiSMALir PRICE.
carters! SIC^ e^aj^
Spittle Genuine Must; Bear
I Pllf s " fac-SSnute Signaiurt
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IS
ALAMEDA COUNTY
1016 Ti road way.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 550.Youth is going to tacSie the things
to-morrow that age finished yesterday.
; WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— Charles
jc.Perkirfs has been appointed post
: master at. Perkins, Sacramento Coun
' ty. ;:The Postmaster General has or-
J dered to be established from Decem
; ber 1 to May 31. 1905. Casa Loma eta
- tlon postefficeat Redlands. . .
California Postal Changes.
Owing to the Euccess of the new play
It has been decided to give one extra
performance in the college theater on
Saturday evening. November 26. Seats
for this r>erf orman.ee are now on sale
at Sherman & Clay's music store. San
Francisco. A special train at reduced
rates will leave San Francisco for
Santa Clara at 5:30 p. m., returning at
11:30 p. m. ¦
Frank Hefferman, James Bach, Leo J.
Ahridge; Julian, an officer in the Pre
fect's guard.. Joseph Collins; Chris
tiuns. soldiers, rabble, etc.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 2S.— Sergeant
; William C. Robinson .of Troop E. I
j Fifth Cavalry, at Fort Apache. Ariz..
I is transferred to. the signal corps as
Sa private and sent to Benieia Bar
' racks. Caf. Private John Ryle of
I Company E. Twenty-second Infantry,
now at the Presidio at Saa Francisco,
is transferred to Company M of the
Thirteenth Infantry* and sent to the
station of that company at Fort Ma
son. Cal.. for duty.
Inn;- Order*.
TACOMA, Xov. 23. — The steamship
Shawmut, Captain .Roberts, cleared
to-day for Japanese ports only, with
a cargo valued at $624,54 9, including
47.775 barrels of flour, 3497 bales of
cotton. 500 'tons nitrate soda, $65,000
worth of harness and 9716 cases and
barrels of salmon. She has 105 steer
age passengers, all the first class pas
sengers having been sent on the faster
steamship of the same line the Tre
mont. which sailed to-day from Seat
tle.
Steamship aShatrmut Will Not Carry
First Class Passengers on Pres
ent Trip to Orient.
XYOCI-D SELL CEMETERT SITE.— R. S.
Thorntao y«s*«r«!47 oCerni to »e!l firty *cm
tor $320 ar. acr* fcr us* by th* city tor a
cira«enr «t Cbteca. cr • tr»et of IS «cr*» foi
CLEA US FOR JAPANESE .
PORTS WITH BIG CARGO
RIO JANEIRO. Nov. 23. — General
Travalssos, who was wounded during:
the revolt of the cadets of the Mili
tary School, died yesterday, as the re
sult of the amputation of a leg! Acr
cording to an official statement forty
fcur persons were killed during the
disturbances last week.
Total of Forty-Four Persons Killed
Dnrin«t the Recent Dis
turbances.
The trial of the Kryzyanowski will
contest in Judgre Kerrigan's court yes
terday developed nothing Important.
Captain John O'Neill, who was a friend
of the deceased Polish woman, ,was
cross-examined and repeated his tes
timony of the day before regarding
her illness and peculiarities. He also
said that she had spoken of her
brother, who left the family home
when she was a small girl. The chil
dren of this brother are the contest
ants of the will. O'Xeill's wife cor
roborated his evidence and Claus
Hadler, Mrs. Kryzyanowski's landlord,
told of his business relations with her,
but was not allowed to express an
opinion as to her mental cohdition-
Evidence Not Exciting.
WOUNDED GENERAL PASSES
AWAY IN RIO JANEIRO
EOSTON. Xov. 23.— The full bench
of the Massachusetts Supreme Court
de«' led to-day that it is not a crime
fdr the seller of intoxicating .liquors
int*"ided for delivery into a non
licrnse city or town to transport them
by on* not carrying on a regular and
lawful express business. Furthermore,
it way held that the carrier, though
not a regular expressman, "is equally
free to transport liquors without the
act being considered a crime.
Court Exempts! Any One Who Is Xot
Engaged in Regular Expres-*
Business.
MAY TRANSPORT LIQUORS
TO A PROHIBITION' TOWN
When the roll call had been x con
cluded it developed that nineteen com
panies had either signed the agree
ment or had authorized the signing
thereof and that these companies rep
resent 330.000 barrels monthly pro
duction. Other companies that are
known to be friendly to the movement
are at work securing the consent of
the stockholders and it is not prerai
ture to safy that In a few dayt the
agency will control 450,000 barrels
monthly.
BAKERSFIKLD, Xov. 23. — The
representatives of thirty producing oil
companies were present in the new of
fice of the Producers' Independent
Agency this inorning when Chairman
McQuigg called the meeting to order
and before the noon recess 330.000
barrels of oil per month had been
pledged to the independent agency.
By Friday there is a guarantee that
the production signed will be 4 50.000
barrels, or 15,000 barrels per day.
Nineteen Companies Pleff^ed to Fur
nish 330,000 Barrel* Monthly
to Independent Agency.
OIL PRODUCERS SIGN
THE NEW AGREEMENT
Will Rrpoat ">henanaoah
Tfce r-erxorinance or bnenandoah.
which Is to be given this evening at
the Alhambra Theater by the League
of the Cross Cadets, will have the ben
efit of the clever acting of Miss Min
nie Miller In the part of Mrs. Edith
Haverill. In the first performance
£iven by the cadets Miss Miller made
a decided hit. Colonel J. E. Powers
xrill lead 200 cadets in the battle
scene, which made such a ruccess at
the previous rtaging-. The proceeds
of the play mill be for the benefit of
the First Regiment, League of the
Cress Cadets.
nue. $2000; View avenue. $500; Ocean
avenue. $2500; Point Lobos avenue.
$2000; streets and sidewalks around
Alamo Square. $275t); safety station at
Market and Powell streets, $750; oi!
plants at the City Hall and Hall qf
Justice. $2400.
The proposed purchase of street
signs for $l»00 was referred to tha
Finance Committee.
The ordinance will come up for
passage to print at next Monday's
meeting of the Supervisors and it is
expected that opposition will be forth
coming from insurance men and also
from property owners who will be
come affected by the provisions of the
bilL
• — v
The Supervisors* Fire Committee
yesterday recommended the passage
of the proposed ordinance providing
that when roofs of buildings within a
certain designated district are wholly
damaged by fire they shall be repaired
with fireproof materials only.
The district specified by the meas
ure begins at the bay line end of Van
Xess avenue, thence to Green street,
to Baker, to Geary, to Broderick, ta
Thirteenth, to Division, to Channel, to
the bay and thence to the point of
commencement
inated and District Reduced, but
Opposition Is Expected.
Forty Per Cent Damage Clause. Elim-
The committee -recommended the
following public work to be done at
the expense of the city: Improvement
of San Jose avenue, at a cost of $2000;
San Bruno avenue. $5000; Corbett ave-
The committee also considered a
proposed ordinance requiring street
cars to be disinfected and cleaned
everj* forty-eight hours. Troy argued
that £ome of the cars were kept in a
dirty condition and a. remedy should
be provided. Ford said the cars are
washed daily with a hose. The com
mittee v.as of the opinion that the
matter should be regulated by ordi
nance, but deferred action to secure
irformation as to the method of clean^
ing cars.
The Supervisors" Street Committee
yesterday considered the alleged for
feiture o< certain franchises held by
the. L'nited Railroads by reason of
"non-user." Tirey L. Ford, attorney
for the corporation, said that the point
was raised In view of the charter pro
vision on the subject, but did not
legally affect the franchises granted by
previous ordinances, which contained
implied, contracts that could not be
abrogated by any subsequent legisla
tion. E. R E. Troy held that several
snch franchises had been abandoned,
but Ford demurred, saying that it was
a matter for judicial determination
v.hether or not the contract had been
violated.
Supervisors Hear Arguments From
United Railroads That Privileges
Have Not Been Abandoned. .
INVESTIGATE ALLEGED 1
FORFEITED FRANCHISES
CO3IM11TKK RECO3OIENDS
ROOF REPAIR ORDINANCE
Captain Dugan of the company ap
pears to be the only man on friendly
terms with all. He testified that he
has made three attempts during the
year to promote more hafftionious so
cial relations among the men, but to
no purpose. During the course of the
examination Lieutenant Devine and
Morris Barrett were severely censured
for not going to the assistance of
Hoseman Thomas Parker when he
was assaulted by a man named Cadl
gan recently. Acting Chief Dougherty
thought the assault was a put-up Job.
The Commissioners seem unanimous
in the opinion that good service can
not be rendered by a company with
Its members at loggerheads, and the
matter was taken, under advisement
until to-morrow's meeting.
The Fire Commissioners met in spe
cial session yesterday afternoon to
consider the advisability of apportion
ing members of Engine Company Xo.
37 to different hou.«es. The. members
of this company, are unable to agree.
There is continual nagging, which has
even crept outside the engine-house
and people in the neighborhood have
taken sides.' One member of the com
pany complains that stones have been
thrown at his children by those of the
rival factions and rude caricatures of
himself have been drawn on the side
walk. Further, his rent has been
raised to such a prohibitive figure that
he mi:st move. . /
Member* of Xo. 37 Seem to Spend
Their Time in Airing of Pctty
Grievances.
SAXTA CLARA. Xov. 23. — The pre
sentation of "The Light Eterna!," by
Martin V. Merle, at Santa Clara Col
lege theater this evening crowded
that playhouse with a fashionable and
enthusiastic audience. The new pro
duction ranks among the leading
miracle plays, and. aside from '.'Xaza
reth." the passion play written for the
college by Clay M. Greene, excels any
thing ever presented at the mission
school. The action of the play, which
Is laid within the shadow of the
Eternal City and during the time in
tervening between 302 and 307, A. D..
shows deep study upon the part of
the author. The dramatic story,
charming characters, gorgeous cos
tumes, unique scenic and electrical
effects and beautiful music thrilled
the audience. That rehearsals were
not slighted was evidenced by the
clever acting of the college boys, and
they, with Father Kenna, president of
the college, and other members of the
faculty, were highly praised for the
presentation of the plar to-night.
The plot of the play is based on the
life and death of Pancratius. and
deals with his persecution. Gerald P.
Beaumont as Pancratius was faultless,
as was the acting of John J. Ivanco
vich as Diocletian, the Roman Emper
or, and William McKagney as Corvi
nus. afterward Prefect of Rome. There
are six scenes. The first is the at
trium of the house of Dionysius. over
looking the River Tiber, and a gor
geous sunset is a feature of it. It Is
followed by scenes of the court of
Corvintis, the palace of the Emperor
Diocletian, the sanctifleation In the
Mamertime prison, and closes with
the sacrifice in the Colosseum. The
last act Is the grandest and most ef
fective. In the presence of a jeering
crowd Pancratius makes his simple
declaration of faith before the pagan
rabble. Diocletian loses his patience
and calls for the beasts. Shrieks of
the crowd, clanging of the cage,
and then a beam of silvery light /rom
above shows the mangled form of the
martyr, Pancratius. A ' panther
crouches over the boy with its claws
fastened In his throat. Standing over
him an anrel holds In one hand a
cross, while the other points to a
snow white dove, which flutters above.
Following is the complete cast: r. ,
Pancratius, of the house of Cleon
ius, Gerald P. Beaumont; ' Dionysius.
his uncle. George Casey: Sebastian,
captain of the Emperor's guard. Wil
liam Johnson; Lucius Pella. friend of
Dionysius. Fred Sigwart; Damius. a
wealthy merchant. Lee J. Murphy;
Diocletian, of Rome. John
J. Ivancovich: Corvlnus. afterward
Prefect of Rome, William McKagney:
Julio, a guard in the Mamertime
Prison. Francis Ryan: Affius, captain
or the Prefect's place. August Aguirre;
Attilius, William Crowley: Dacias, Leo
Chrystal: Pontius, Edward Me-
Dougall: Antonius. Morgan Lewis;
Claudius, a messenger. William Maher;
Patrius. Praga and Tellius, prisoners
in the Mamertime, Robert Fitzgerald,"
Mortimer Gregg and Albert Trayn
haro; Agus, Saiaxioos, Chilo, slaves.
CONDUCT OF FIREMEN
UNDER IXVESTIGATION-
Special Dispatch to The Call
STUDENTS WHO TOOK PART IN
PRODUCTION OF "THE LI GUT
ETERNAL."
NEW YORK, Xov. 23. — Total ab
stainers in the matter of spirituous and
malt liquors are likely, in the near
future, to be piven special low rates
by the leading life insurance com
panies. As is well known, the Insur
ance companies never issue policies
to immoderate drinkers where the cir
cumstances are known, but for many
years numerous authorities have
claimed that the average span of life
was longer among persons who were
not total abstainers and the under
writers have never taken a decided
stand in the matter.
Xow. however. It is stated that a
number of actuaries and medical di
rectors have been working on statis
tics running over a period of several
years and from the records of a large
number of life insurance companies
several of the authorities have come
to the conclusion that the total ab
stainers as a class live longer by from
20 to 50 per cent than the moderate
drinkers as a class.
Record* Said to Show That They Live
Min-h Ix>nger Than Moderate
Drln!:er*i v
IXSURAN'CE COMPAX1ES JL\Y
FAVOR TOTAL ABSTAINERS
Latmcb.es of Rival Co m panic* Ex
change Shots and One of Them Is
Reported Badly Damaged.
SAX RAFAEL, Xov. 23.— A battle
royal is on between the shrimp fishers
of the Point San Pedro Shrimp Com
pany and the fishers of the San Mateo
Shrimp Company. The trouble is the
outcome of the refusal of the health
authorities to permit shrimps caught
in the southern part of the bay being
put upon the market. The San Mateo
Shrimp Company wanted the San
1 Pedro Company to divide the shrimps
I caught "by th? former company, but
I met with a refusal and the trouble
1 began.
It is alleged that fishermen of the
i San Mateo Company cut the nets ot
I the San Pedro Company under cover
! of darkness and the latter company
I has had men patrolling the bay in
te.iineh.es to protect the nets. Two
j launches were seen near Point San
! Pedro last night trolling with nets.
' Both sides opened fire and it Is re-
I ported that one" of the launches of the
i trollers was struck and had to make
' for the yhore to keep from sinking.
f One of the San Pedro Company's
I launches confiscated a long Iron rod
1 with four razor blades attached, which
' is used to cut the ropes and nets.
WARRIXG SHkDIP FISHERS
ENGAGE IX A BAT BATTLE
To-morrow ni^fct will see the first an
cua! gathering cf the Pacific Coast
branch cf the American Historical As
sociation, where, ia the art gallery of
tie Mechanics* Pavilion, many famous
ly interesting discussions will be held.
Tfcls sew srrig of the Katies*! His
torical Society promises well, since the
Pacific Coast Is excellently f ertilLted
»ith the richest cf historic lore.
The dees interest felt ia the session.
that begins to-morrow night and ex
tends through Saturday, is encouraging
evidence of the growing appreciation of
the values of history. The objects of
th« new organization are the advance- (
trent of the Interests of the American
Historical Association and the promo- j
ticn cf historical studies on the Pacific ;
Coast. Now. fc r the latter phase the \
onfan!2*T* cf the movement are devout- ;
ly to be thanked, as California, history
has until very recently been thought
too ne» — like r:ueh cf its wine — for im- 1
rr:«dj*.t* consumption, although Califor- .
ria history harks back to the rather re
spectable old year of 1542. with a couple i
cf hoary. oaks at Monterey historically
antedating old Plymouth Rock of hal- ,
lr>wrd fame: for it was In 1602 that Se
bastian Vis^iiino sailed into Monterey
Bay a.=d in the shadow of these trees ;
took the country in the name of God :
and the Kin$.
Now. these thing? and more — provin- j
rial and general — will be intelligently |
<Jiscus?»d by some interesting people, j
as follows:
Art •la.'.itrr of the Mechanic*" Pa.viJtoa. S j>. :
r- — Aid-e*s cf welccrae. Rudolph J. Tausslg. ;
rr>*:-i«:t 'rf Jlecha^ics' Institute; chairman. :
Baa Ja=er I>. Ptelaa. "The Importance of '
?;t; FYasc;*?© History": L>r. BrnJasiT: Eta
'¦• •»¦•-•— History ia the Unrverrity": Prank,
." SyT==ses president cf the Merchants' Asao- 1
cotton. -Kir-jcrr Fwa a Basket's Point of*
\ ¦«• ; Nathan Abbott, profeasor of law. Le- :
"«=<i <tanfcri Jr. Cr^Trtrv. ••Klstory In Col- !
: '*«.: R*oord»/; H. Morro St-pfcecs. rro- j
. - - .• -- T'-:-.--t-.t> ' California. "The
Aa~r?*T. Histrrical Aworiatica and tb* Pa«rt
t ¦ Ctaut Urarsch"; sjjpotntsseat oT cccxiittee*. ¦
-i.-'isv taorsirg s^siotu Lecture Hall. ;
Meghan ~s Is*!ttT::e. 31 Pest street. 10 o'clock— :
Ctattsau t>r. Ocrge C. Thoc:^«on. principal
A!ua*4a K!*h 8c>.o>r The •ut'ft of <ii»
- ir« - r.- - ! be •"The T»arfci=« rZ History tsii
Cn-ic« in the' High School." The discussion .
wt3 b* opened by Professor Bernard Mo»«, ¦
t" nit entity of Calif onria; Profe«sor St»x Far- ,
r*rvi. I^lacd Star^crti Jr. Uciventiy. and Pro- ¦
i~f*T Fr~Jeric Burk. State Normal School. |
Eu Knn.-lFoa. Tfc» (iisccssioo wtll be cob-
Ob9c4 ty: T. H O*rk Lowell Hi?h School.
.-xa Fran<?lscc; R. D. Hurt. Saa Jo«e High
BcsmoI: Miss E. M. Jorian. Merced High!
P »or>T; n. O. Kic=»y. Los Arf»>< Kigh
fcixwl; Mrs. L. D. L*whead. V»"o->JU.=d H:«h
Sthno!. Bu«itw^ eeeskm at 12 o'clock; report
oi »*cn»ta!-y-trearcrer: reports of cotmnitteea; |
«;#etion of cT£c«t». Lcncheon at 1 o'clock.
Mechanics' la«titate Safcrfay. 3:S0 z>. n. — '
Cbm±m*m. Hca. J. V. Cc^ey. president C»li
forci* Histcrical Society. Papers: Robert E.
r «*=. ¦Blbiio«ra.r!:i»I Ncte» on E*rly Call- I
ir>rr,i*.": Zo*th ?. Eldrecge. 'The Fanioiis Port
oT M»!S:erej-" : Tb«»>ior» H. IUtte:i. "The :
<rf tie HSsiory oT Califorcia"; Ctarles '
T. "T.ga-.r-ls.
It is regrettable that Horace Davis,
the sresident of the Pacific Coast !
branch, win be absent from the ses-
Ficr.5. but Dr. Farrar.d. the secretary. '
has looked closely after the preliminary
details in his absence.
That the session will be one of vast
interest to those t* ho desire a knowl
edge cf people end peoples is assured,
and Voltaire's pronunciamento that
¦'history is iittl* else than a picture of
bursari crimes and misfortunes" is very
I!ab!t to he punched full of holes. a«
the %-lew^oint of hi«ory to-day is nota
bly optimistic.
All who are interested in historical !
research, historic pres«»rvaticns of land
marks or kindred matters are cordially
Invited to be present at all the sessions.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
Embassador Porter's speech on the
upbuilding of the American navy was
enthusiastically received. He spoke of
the navy's exploits since 1S12 and urged
that Congress preserve the historic ship
Constitution. He emphasized the the
ory that a strong navy is the surest
guarantee of the nation's peace.
The speech of Baron d'Estournelles
de Constant was significant from the
fact that he was a member of The
Hague tribunal. He said the United
States had within the last three years
given Europe remarkable evidence &f
its power in shaping events which con
stitute the world's advancement. When
The Hague tribunal had been almost
forgotten and intentionally ignored.
President Roosevelt brought it back to
life by referring to it the Mexico-Cali
fornia case (the Pious "claim). States
men of Europe considered this as an
effort to resuscitate The Hague tribu
nal, and it speedily led to the submis
sion of the more Important case of
Great Britain. Germany and Italy
against Venezuela. The Hague court,
thus saved, the speaker said, made
steady progress, the latest result being
the submission of the Anglo-Russian
crisis to arbitration.
Baron d'Estournelles de Constant,
after graphically portraying the hor
rors of the war in the Far East, de
clared that the enlightened policy of the
United States gave hopes that even
that great tragedy will be stopped. He
closed with a toast to the success of
President Roosevelt's proposition for
a second meeting of The Hague confer
ence. ' The speech, which was Im
promptu, was heartily applauded.
PARIS, Nov. 23.— The Thanksgiving
eve banquet at the American Club,
at which prominent Frenchmen and
Americans were guests, brought out a
notable demonstration for a strong
navy, and at the same time an elo
quent tribute from Baron d'Estour
nelles de Constant to the part the
United States is taking in the world's
affairs and particularly in the mainte
nance of the world's peace. The ban
quent was held in the superb new
quarters of the Travelers" Club in the
Champs Elysees. The guests included
Embassador Porter, Baron d'Estour
nelles de Constant. Admiral Watson,
Professor Barrett Wendell of Harvard;
Dr. Trousy. dean of the University of
Paris, and over a hundred members of
the American colony.
One can alr-ady smell the fragrance of the
pises aad the freshness of tae redwoods; hear
the songs of the birds and note with pl»a-»-are
their brilliant feathering as they flit Joyously
amid the flowers and shrubs; catch the bab
bling cf the streamlet where the frog croaks
and wh*re from its rippling surface ever and
anon leaps some lusty troat; close by the gray
squirrel with a flick of his bushy tan mounts
to the topnwst rail of the old snake fence.
there. In easy freedom, to crack his latest
chestnut; over there, in the gloom of the dense
jungle, "k*k* a ralle away." ectses the sub
dued roar of the carnlrora. Interrupted betimes
with the hii*sg smart cf the gray wolf or- the
bark cf coyote; and. as you listen, suddenly
from overhead, witn a squeal of delight, some
long-anned Atel»» drops alongside and with
lirjuidence In every feature claims recognition
In a" manner fraternal. In the exhibit, amid
flora and fauni >ou will enjoy a real vaca
tion refresiitag. novel aad delightfully eat»r
t#ciog, without regrets, without weariness an4
almost withoot price. I very much ralsjudg
the nature-love of xay fellcw citizens If next
spring the trails leading toward the "wild life
exhiWl" are apt worn deep and broad. -In ap
preciation of an object lesson which will be a*
attractive as it wCl be instructive. -«s novel
a« it will be valuable, as a commercial, educa
tional and soier.tln; asset In demonstrating the
resource* of th* ano-intJilns. of »ie valleys, ot
the Ttvers «nd of the shore wat**s of the Pa
cific slope and maritime territories.
FREDERICK W. D EVELYN.
NATURE ENTRANCES.
••glass lncubatrr." These "ads"-pay or they
wculd no: bi published, and their paring proves
that aracng cur city foli there is a strong la
tent interest la "animal life." and if that life Is
attractive ia toe cribbed, cabined and. confined
surroundings cf a mere menagerie, how much
more attractive it would become when present
ed amid the natural environment which will
constitute its habttat under the scientific meth
ods to be introduced by this association.
In this connection. , and pessibty leading up
to this desirable addition to the utility and at
tractiveness of our city, it Is with much pleas
ure that I cote a society has just been formed
with the object cf a nature exhibit in this
city. This I recegriize as the £rst step in a
direction which should produce permanent re
sults, as d»3lrabie as they are possible. That
ruch ac exhibition as is above mentioned would
be popular is an already self-evident fact; if
ooe might make a logical deduction from the
quarter cards almost dairy displayed in the
street cars calling attention to seme rooSogi
cal feature then on exhibition in that well
known show ground In the suburbs of the rity.
These attractions vary from a recently im
ported "fierce Haraadryas" to the Sunday.
morning encounter with the "Untamed Sul
tan." varied with birth notices of "baby ti
gers" or "bab}' humans" whose hold on un
certain life is being artificially assisted by a
NEW SOCIETY FORMED.
Saturday morning issue. The Call commented ed
itorially npea the fact thai sen Francisco had
not an aquarium, which «-as very properly ce
dar*! to fc« "a notable omission." Tae sos
gutlcn -*as entitled to more commendation
than it then recetvei, for. apart frcm the at
tractiTecess cf an cquarium. as I then stated m
a communication to your paper, "an aquarium
could be made a distinctly valuable adjunct to
the Board of Trade, where many or the prob
lems connected with the Ssn industry could be
commercially «ad scientifically investigated."
And 1 considered then, ana do so still, that
•the conservation o' tne flsh products of ib^
Pacific Coast I? cne of deep concern and de
mands «nd is worthy of: as Ir.:e!'.!g-rnt treat
ment as the oaiputs of the placer mine or oil
field." . ' *
Dr. Frederick W. d'Evelyn in a com
munication to The Call calls attention
to the need of a zoological garden and
public aquarium in this city. A society
has recently been formed to promote
interest in animal life in San Francisco,
and an exhibition -will soon be held.
Following is the communication writ
ten by 'Dr. d'Evelyn...
Editor The Call: Seme five year* ago, ia a
Special Interest Will Center
Around California History
and Its Many Landmarks
Society Is Formed to Proi
mote the Work and a Dis
play Will Soon Be. Made
Statesman a Speaker at the
Thanksgiving Eve Banquet
of Americans in Paris
RESCUED HAGUE COURT
LIVE TALKS TO BULE
WOEK IS INAUGURATED
"The Light. Eternal" Is , Cleverly
Produced by Students.
Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical Asso
ciation to Meet To-Morrow
Public Gardens Where Fish
and Animals Could Be-Dis
played Would Be Popular
Baron crEstournelles Lauds
the Peace Policy Pursued
of Late by United States
CITY IN NEED
OF AQUARIUM
FINE TRIBUTE
FROM FRANCE
NEW MIRACLE PLAY
PROVES A SUCCESS
HISTORIC LORE
TO BE LOOSED
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24. 1904.
7
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
of the
HIGHEST. QUALITY
' -Of
TOILET SOAP.
Your Choice of Four- Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See-Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
Pears'
Whoever wants soft
hands, smooth hands, white
hands, or a clear complex-
ion, he and she . can have
both : that is, if the skin is
naturally transparent; un-
less occupation prevents.
The color you want to
avoid comes probably nei-
ther of nature or work, but
of habit.
Use Pears' Soap, no
matter how much; but a
little is enough if you use
it often.
%
Established over ioo years.
£ visit DR. JORDAN'S crcat/)
Ihhseuk of ahatoby?
h ' G&' xss mint etc srura, ircii. a
\ C Ta« Larro* « aataiiriT Mma ta A* \
h ' M Jd ;»_ W«r»a\ «nhwn «r *m r «m-i« A
' C/GM <I*f»*« a— Ml.. I, cani a, .»« «^ e , : \
f) r**Sn if «=»"»»«•• i*«Cc«i-. EALvr^in. ©
A &&£*& CH- «KDAK-D'3EAS£3 CF tHh 4
A I Jj* Tk TwmpH p»r-o«»' t ec »» *rrr. a A
iff I A WmivMtPBLaaaraTarJ)
¥ • I 1* »*.»«i*«K. MAiuo rui. i a y
A A J. •» «t--t tmtk far a^sj \
9 DO. JOZPA^^J^MP^tor-M^tJSLJ^ V
i ". ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ II I II Ilium ¦—¦ —Ml IMIJUit '¦L^ a .- J
1 Freei Free! 1
I Ext* aordina* y Offer I
9 HOLIDAY SHOPPERS 1
H . " To make thdr 3
I Holiday Purchases in the Month of November tj
I Free COr: (V) iw^ . %n CT\ of goods p H
1 with $*~J*Uy rvizadX *p/.O\J your own choice rree B
1 Frce $ 1 0 00 *«k« • S3 00 vorth of Free 1
9 with 4>>VAUU vp^.UU your own choice U
I . Free C^ f|f) p wa «e . vorth °f z™ 6 * F w 3
I with *"»«««• 4>>«3U your own choice rree d
I Frcc $2"50'p*tfc«. 75c* worth of Free n
I whh 4 >z^ u f»ca«c. /ju yoor own choice rrec y
I Free <t t QQ Porduje . jr ™\h oi Z cods .p tj
3 with f>»vv «-«««—• *vJc* your own choree jl
We want you to see our
Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful A ||
and Newest Creations []
Elite Chinaware, LJmogcs China, French • J
China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate tt
H Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases, ' u
1 Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware, , ;j
&1 XlUVwlUwO* Uli^k X^V/iliaW J j
3 Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest, p
i .Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected §
I from the Markets of the World. |
a .Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts, U
I Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates* H
| We want you to see our very reasonable prices* 0
i We want you to come just to look. *J
H Take advantage of this rcry liberal offer. • tl
g CXT HKKK CVT KERE §j
H CUT OUT THIS COUPON, fcri» h to *ny of ocritoro before g
« j, December 10, J9O4, *nd receive wito each purchase »« llstad n y
II » abev* i, very htodsocae present of your own selection. 5
I = SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Nov. 24 , 1904 = u
H b Come fust ta look. 3 5
H Briaj; th« Coupon ¦with yoa to any oi etir stores.
H hot poop orrcw Dtctmtw io. t»o-> jji
|| CUT HKKE CTT HE»E g
I Great American Importing Tea Co. j
ICTTT STOXXSs
3«lM*ik«tiU 313 8sttC7Bt. TCSZ^rUasi. 2733 S-lti ft.
140 Sixth it. ' 3008 rillnort rt. 148 SIsti st. 206 TUrd Kt.
475 Kairfct rt. • 355 H*yts rt. S2 Miris: rt. 469 roorth rt.
1819DrrtiJulerort. 3006 Sixteenth «t. 631 Moatf emtry »ve. 386 Thixi, rt. .
1419 Polk rt. 3385 IClxrioa rt. 2513 Hi««Wa it. j
OAXX^ajrO. aT.a^a-rma ASS BEBXXI.ET STOZSS:
1053 "W*«Martoa rt. 1510 S«Testi rt. B art t ley. 31« Centrr rt
1185 234 iti. 616S.13Uxrt. Alama^a, 1355 **mrk rt. j
BToars jjk otees cati-ks ass rowaa: |
"an Jw 12S S. Flr»t rt. Saa B«raar4iro. *Zl Tbinl f~ Lent BeneO, ZSO P1b« *t*.
sacriff«to. 4K K ft. Sanl* Barbara. T34 Stata «t. Mere-d. «» Main rt. \
Sacramento: SO* J tt. San Dt^o. K3 Fifth st. Nav.daClty Pl=€ 5tMa*b!<l».
Santa. Cruz. liO Pacific *t«. SaaL«jlsOo:»po.T3Hiffo«T«rt. H-.<Ha=>*3. IS E. Srat- it. t
«tccktcn. 445 E. Uiln at. Tniar*. Xera «t.. ne*r K. Sant* lloslcm. 227 Ttirtl at. 1
Ollrov X5 N. Houterry at. Virzinla Cttr. «S 8. C at. Santa Aaa. 2T9 E. Fturtii rt. I
Lc, Gatos. Emut >laJ= at. Venrcrm. Ks Uala rt. Vi«: U. 214 Main st. I
P«nL^«adrc.5aaLorenxcaT«. Crockett. W oailstHt. SZZ MsJa at. J
I^o» Kng*!*: 4KS. Broadway. Ltoco^j. . WittcavU>. 323 Mala at I
Uc»Arrea-».2i23Pasad«aa.ar. 'Wlaterm. * IVnJcij. « r.r« ¦;•_,. j
|«a't Lak<» "45 Ma ta at. Rsdwood City. . .Tfc >¦¦>«?. BJwy..b~T. 3d *4ta »t*. ?[
Portia M."»l Wutfaitonit Satter Cr~k. CararaClO-.CarVn «t.nr.Kl=«.
Portland 223 Fust at. Napa. 3 Main «t. B-t»rhara Oty. Mala at. •
g*ittlTeC« S*ccad aTt. Pf.alussa. *2S Mats st. Mr<J*«to. ICth St.. bet. B * L
l^ttJ." 53 PftTsl SU He!*na. Main »t> fTrorUl*. Meyer- «. S
T.re--i 937 C «t Pi-ta P.o»a. 411 Foartb ft. Prom. A<ra1emy ar*. »<
«nokan« 810 =crar3« iti. VaI>Jo. K» G«orrU at. p3rkCJ:y.Ma!a »t,?rt>!i» fe«. fl
Crfa" Sw T-VSrX-Ji rt. Haywan:..B»t..fc«t.Mai=*l«t- R^BIurr.Maln * Cak ««. |]
Bak^--el" 1513 19th M. i5«a Rafael. «i2S Fcu.-h St. S.Unas. 254 Ma!a at. H
rtrai llttJit- Pasm<J«^. 19» E. Cclcraio at. OreccnClty.ilaia st.ao.5ti. d
£»----¦ mm XX D St. A»torl*. 8T1 Cotnm'rc la! at- IT-*!."!*!. urr. I \
f&SSaT *4C2 W. Se««4 rt. Eu^ne. SO E. N!=ta st. PUc»rri:>. J
P.iw) 13 Ccamerctal row. Eureka, ccr. Firth •ad F rta. Ocean View. H
p^S-i 4 ; ?5*rtrttt. ««» v.ner. Ui Mill «t. c a :utc»* H
RK«S*V.MlM«arl. H.nfcrd. SON-. Irwia *. ?c=cn : ». 5
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help Yon. |
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CJOING-l GOING*!! GOlNftE!!!
m^cimuniT. tareaaxuha. ra uri ra wanssu.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
T Jk ORiCFUL rowdy tkst "klCi the Daatfrafl Oera"
WDNTKNOWITWASLOADU) (^g^JSSSSS&l^iX
Mostyoucaad ateSc-**** ¦«« crrtr kao* <U*drefl microbe: s»y» talliBt *fir •adproteca
Utstl!M*r scalps ar* loafed wttbalCTtfcic cnwtb* U»« *c*!? *r»t=»« r-tnfecJion. A dttipzivi h*ir
«mfl Dm hair has -gv»*3~ N»Ju« scats be* <re**tof. Slops hcttaf to««ai!y. It * «" > ««a*»
mmhs «f daadrxfl. Hdtfa» scats- aad taBIar »<*F«*arKy prove* Us r»b««- Sai^your bate
harrtoteMMBicervtryof H>t itr.^-mS f-rx Is too »tH;ytxiti»e Mr Buvf
Om Cm, 11.00. fetf 13c «taa, to SBIXKi CO, Cfrt S, &tr>t »ei, fc 1 us«*
JJTTUICATXOJrS AT PXOX XXZXT BAMEKSSOM.But no girl is going to be a matri
monial success unless she cultivates her
head and hands as well as her heart.
She .will need the full powers of all
three after she is married if she pulls
fair in the domestic harness. Love
never yet ran a household capably un
assisted. And even if it could, what
would be the sense of overworking
one's heart when one's head and hands
Of course, 'tis true -fundamentally
that a woman's sex is her book of fate.
Her greatest' happiness and her noblest
career is in marriage and motherhood
and in helping to bring up her grand
children. And love is the means to all
this.
I do not put much faith in "the whole
existence" theory. Spiritually, love is
a beautiful inspiration; practically, it
Is the best working hypothesis in the
world for a woman's endeavors; es
thetically, it is her crown of beauty.
But it is not all that there is of life by
any means.
There is a great deal of foolishness
in a girl's or even a woman's attitude
toward love. Both give it an undue im
portance In their lives. They are hypo
chrondriacsjso far as this one malady is
concerned. "* They have been told so
often, and feel that they are not living
up to their privileges unless they are
enjoying its pleasing pangs every min
ute, whether they can well spare the
time for it or not.
IN love, a girl's fancy needs the curb
more often than it needs the spur.
It is high-Btrungj impatient, aquiv
er with eagerness for the open road.
It does not have either real work
enough, or the right kind of fodder to
make it reliable.
But usually it gets the spur.' So reck
lessly do women ride, so careless are
they of consequences. Most of them
are such poor horsewomen, in fact, that
they do not even realize that if they
were better riders they would take no
unnecessary chances.
Phe has permitted her daughter to
grow up in an atmosphere _ of false
sentiment. Too much sentiment is
false* in Itself, for it is not true to
life as we really live it. And sh,e has
let her learn what love is without first
learning what life is. She has not
kept before her child's eyes a fine
ideal of womanhood — a womanhood
that loves and thinks and works with
the same breath, the sarn^ hope, the
same Joy and the same sorrow. She
has not treasured the girlish confi
dence which nature gave into her
keeping as a holy trust. Her head, as
much as her unhappy child's heart,
has allowed itself to be led astray.
This may either make her unwise in
her choice of a husband or it may
work, another evil, which, to my
thinking, is less to be deplored.
When a girl feels at 16 or 17 that
her#heart is broken — and many a one
does feel so, alas! — has nobody any
responsibility In "the matter except
herself and the man who hurt her?
Doesn't the mother come in for some
share of it? I think" she does.
stood ready either to take turns or to
share home burdens?
This article is not meant for an ar
gument for the so-called higher edu
cation of women, or for special train
ing in domestic science. I still stand
on the ground of love. I am merely
trying to call attention in my own
way to that truth which Emerson ex
presses when he says that the atmos
phere of the affections is always liable
to mirages.
One of the greatest things that a
girl faces when she enters young
womanhood is her liability to fancy
herself In love. She knows that fall
ing in love is one of the feats expect
ed of her. And everything that she
has ever heard or read about the ex
perience leads her to believe in its de
sirability. Every influence upon her
tends to make her overemotlonal and
oversentimental.
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE.
A Pretty House Gown of Gray Taffeta Sill:,^ Trimmed With
Fancy Hand Stitching About the Bodice. Dark Red Silk
Thread Being Used. A White Lace Chemisette and White
Lace at the Elbows Add a Daintiness. A Red Silk Girdle
Confines the Waist.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic flre-gtched boxes. 71& Market at,*
Empty hours make achlnx hearts.
As trade now stands there is not
enough gold out of the earth; if it were
all coined, to transact the business of a
Panama, little as it looks upon the
map, has the area of Maine and the
population of the, District of Columbia.
Its people are nearly, all colored or
mestizo; 40,000 of them are Jamaicans,
In color black and by allegiance British
subjects. There are 2000 Chinamen.'
Pertinent Points in Panama.
In General Stoessel's determination to
die like a rat in that doomed' citadel
at Port Arthur? Now that he has
made all the defense that any brave
man could, wouldn't it be much bet
ter for him and the heroes about him
to live for the Czar, rather than reck
lessly die for him? — Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
General Stoessel's pathetic weekly
farewells to the Czar, coupled with
the tragic assurance that Port Arthur
Is his tomb, look at this distance
less like the nervy resolve of a sol
dier than they do like tearful sugges
tions that he ought to be told to sur
render the place, at least if he thought
it would, soon fall anyway. If that is
his game it is a losing one. St. Peters
burg willingly credits him with great
heroism, but coolly says nothing about
surrender. — Chicago Chronicle.
We're told how health waits on the man
Who gormandizes on Brawny Bran;
What smiles awaken on rosy lips v
O'er a steaming bowl of Cero-Chlps, 11111
And what gain in weight and strength and savings,
Eating Eviscerated Shavings.
But better than these of which tales are told.
Though never found where such things are sold.
Are the morning kisses you like to steal
From loving lips that bless the ineal.'it^r •:'.¦'
Oh, no. there is nothing "Just as good"
-4.8 the Cupid Brand of Breakfast Foodi
We often read of the wondrous good
Wrought by the brands of breakfast food;
How age unlimbers his stiffened legs
By a dally diet of Pura Pegs,
And buoyant life and vigor mingles
In a generous jar of Shredded Shingles.
BEST OF BREAKFAST FOODS.
Mrs. Bright — I haven't seen your
parents for a* long time.
Dickie — No'm. Mom's got pneu
monia and can't come out. -¦
Mrs. Bright — And what has papa
got? , - ,,; .
Dickie — Two years, and he can't
come out, either. ?
PAPA IX JAIL.
It Is not surprising that the publish
ers of Herr Kiemann's novel. "The
Conquest of England," regard the Rus
sian rights of great value. The first
German edition was 25,000 copies. If
more Russians could read and if the
Russian Government did not so thor
oughly drain Ivan's pocket there should
be practically no limit to the demand.
A book which opens with a vivid de
scription of the loss of India by Great
Britain through a defeat at Lahore,
follows with an account of the de
struction of the British fleet off Flush
ing, and closes with the story of the
triumphant march of an allied army
into London, and then tells us how the
British dominions are parceled out
among the victors, contains elements
calculated to give it. vogue In Russia. —
New York Globe.
Is there anything really admirable
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Guest — Here you — your thumb is
in mv soup.
Waiter — Ah! what cher kickin'
about? It ain't takin' up much room
— if you keep on kickin', though, I'll
fill the plate up.
AND SILEXCE FELL.
THE CALL is glad to learn from the Sacramento Valley that
the beet sugar project at Colusa is not abandoned as, was re
ported, but will be taken up later. The production of sugar
beets and the manufacture of beet sugar are not experiments in
California. Everywhere this industry has been tried it is successful.
It is profitable to the owners of the mills and to the farmers, who get
mpre profit out of their lands and diversify their crops, than which
there is no greater blessing for an agricultural community.
The mills already in operation in this State are from Alameda
County southward, clear into Southern California. Because the
enterprise lined southward from its start at Alvarado, there may
have been generated the idea that it will not flourish in the Sacra
mento Valley! But this is a mistake. That valley has just as good
sugar lands as any in the State, and should not be under the ban.
It would pay the whole valley to contribute to the Colusa project, for
the sake of removing any misapprehension on the subject. Wherever
sugar beets are raised land values increase. In Idaho, from Pocatello
northeastward, there is a line of beet sugar mills, and land values
and rentals have been wonderfully stimulated by their success. If
the sugar beet will do that in Idaho, at an altitude of 5000 feet, it
should do it in a higher degree in the rich Sacramento Valley.
If the Colusa project is suspended through the indisposition of
the farmers to contract acreage they should by committees inquire
into the effect of beet culture in the places where it is established.
If it is a labor problem and farmers fear they cannot get the kind
and quantity of labor they want and when they want it they should*
say so, make their statement and argument and let the whole State
consider it, if such general consideration be needed to solve what
ever problem is holding back this desirable addition to the indus
tries of a fine valley, that has been too much neglected.
BEET SUGAR IN COLUSA.
JUST SMILES.
LOVE, IT IS DECLARED, IS NOT
ALL THERE IS OF WOMAN'S LIFE
ery. There were tears in her eyes
now, and they were ' not bitter tears.
She began to feel strangely content.
The Idea that Herman might fail to
produce the viands for the feast never
entered her head. Somehow or other
he had always accomplished what he
started to do, ever since the day he
had braved Farmer Green's bull to
steal for her a certain red cheeked ap
ple which she coveted.
When she heard Herman's step at
the door she was just putting the
chrysanthemum he had brought her to
wear into a slender vaae to grace the
center of the table.
As she flung open the door she fairly
gasped. The • bundle he carried In
either arm rose above his shoulder. She
sat down weakly on a flat-topped truhk
by the "kithen- table" to watch him un
pack the bundles. He checked off each
package.
"One. can chicken soup, one bottle
She sat down to watch him
unpack the bundles.
In this land we may well be thankful for the institutions of lib
erty, for the common schools in which the children of the people
mingle and get their first lesson in human nature, and learn that
brotherhood which in after life protects them from class appeals and
class prejudice. We may be thankful for the abundance of nature's
store and for the industry which converts it to the use of man and
distributes it with equity. We may be thankful for the good and
orderly temper of the people who compete for control of a free gov
ernment, in amity and order,- and accept the decision of the ma
jority without heartburning or grudge. And, above all, we may be
thankful that our industry, \\*rought upon nature's store, gives us
such, surplus of those things necessary for existence that we hear
the far cry of distress from the ends of the earth where men perish
of famine, and answer it out of our abundance. For this and the
undying spirit of mercy and charity within us, let there be thanks.
To-day is. in a sense, the close of the season's productive work,
set at a time when its results are known, its harvests gathered and
its hope fulfilled. Peace has been with us, and our Government has
been the promoter of peace on earth and good will toward men.
May all the years to come be as good to us and to all men, and may
the republic resist in the spirit of brotherhood all attempts to over
throw libertv in the clash of class and faction.
Had man remained a troglodyte, each concerned only in the
comfort of his own cave and busied only with the getting of the
game that fed him, there would have been no civilization. It was
the development of a sense of interdependence that obsoleted indi
vidual and class selfishness, and made civilization and liberty possi
ble. With each advance men were drawn closer to each other in
things of common interest, and finally when the blessings and bene
fits from nature's store, that were taken by the single man at first
as the spoil of fleet foot and strong hand, were bestowed with fair
equality upon all. in the mass of humanity the selfish glorification of
individual skill and strength gave way to a common feeling of thank
fulness to the common source of every good and perfect gift neces
sary to man's existence.
" Those who are united in a brotherhood of thankfulness are one
also in respect to all things that make for the common good, and
they are one in support of that liberty which man now claims as his
birthright. That this spirit is necessary to the maintenance of lib
erty was well put by President Roosevelt in his introduction of Mr.
Wagner to a Washington audience on last Tuesday. Speaking of
the brotherhood of man the President said: "No republic can per
manently exist when it becomes a republic of classes — when the
man feels not the interest of the whole people, but only the interest
of the particular class to which he belongs, or fancies he belongs,
35 being of prime importance. In antiquity republics failed as they
did because they tended to become either a republic of the few who
exploited the many, or a republic of the many who plundered the
few. and in either case the end of the republic was never in doubt,
just so in one case as in the other, and no more so in one case than
in the other."
In that brotherhood that will not have classes among men this
republic was founded. In that- brotherhood it has passed from ado
lescence to power, and to-day, mighty among the mighty, its people
in brotherhood join hearts in thankfulness for all the gifts of the
vear. In no part of our vast domain is suffering left without succor
if men know it to exist. None need starve, none need perish of cold,
except by accident or concealment dictated by pride, for everywhere,
in all our great cities and smaller centers of population, the spirit
of brotherhood, expressed by an amazing number of organizations, is
abroad to relieve the needy and cheer the unhappy. Man. the cave
dweller, no longer gnaws his bone in selfish isolation, unthankfully.
He is one of a great family.
FROM the most ancient times until now men have had set times
and seasons in which to express gratitude and thanks for the
gifts of nature, which come to them from a source beyond
their ken and their control. It is a part of that feeling in all mem
bers of the race that there is a power, some say natural and some
say supernatural, that is greater than man.
The subject for thought that is opened out by that feeling is
one cause of civilization. The Chaldean shepherds who watched
their flocks by night and contemplated the stars above them were
wonderfully stimulated to thoughtfulness. They realized something
of the greatness of the physical universe, and learned at last to
separate the planets, which changed their position, from the fixed
stars that seemed immovable. In the elevation of thought that fol
lowed astronomy had its origin, and civilization took a step forward.
So it has been "whenever man has gained a higher conception of
the living things around him, and of the great manifestations of
nature in the whole universe.
How they had both stood in the door
way that last Thanksgiving night for a
final glance at the^Jear old room! And
the next time they had entered it, how
everything had changed! Death, des
olation, the village auctioneer and the
foreclosure of the mortgage, all these
had come to the little farm in less than
twelve months. The two years that
Janet had spent in the big city deny
ing herself everything, working in an
office during the day and in her studio
room at night to send home interest
money for the mortgage, now repre
sented just so much wasted time.
They had both come from Center
vine, she as a typewritist and he as a
bookkeeper — both fresh from business
college. The mighty city had de
manded much of their country vitality
and energy, so that they had seen very
little of each other, considering that
they had come from the same town, yet
somehow both had felt comforted in
the thought that the other was within
reach of messenger or telephone.
Janet had lived very much to herself
and her typewriter table, but Herman
had managed to see more of the city
and see more of the city's ways. That
was why he had discovered a desirable
restaurant where he could secure their
table d'hote dinner for Thanksgiving
day at the moderate price of 60 cents
each.
Now he tried to speak cheerfully and
to avoid looking at the hands that
trembled and the eyes that would fill
in spite of Janet's strenuous efforts
to maintain her composure.
"Hurry up, Janet!" he said; "the
Ramona fills up early, you know."
"I would not care if every table was
taken," she replied impulsively. "Oh,
forgive me, Herman, when you are so
kind to think of me to-day, but
Thanksgiving dinner in a restaurant—
you know that seems only for the
homeless ones, and it makes me realize
more than ever that I belong to that
class now."
She looked around the room in
which she had gathered the few family
heirlooms brought down from the
farm. It did not look homeless to Her
man, and its possibilities as the scene
of the Thanksgiving dinner were
brought to mind as he caught sight of
the haijdle of a chafing dish, sticking
out from the cretonne cupboard cur
tain.
"I say. Janet, we won't go out. We'll
cook dinner right here."
She sat down very suddenly and
stared at him.
"Start Thanksgiving dinner at 12
o'clock?" she asked half bitterly. "And
will you please tell me how you can
cook a dinner by the aid of one oil
stove, not guaranteed to work, and a
chafing dish built for two?"
"Dead easy," was his reply, as he
"That noise down In the street!
Those gamins tooting horns and beg
ging for pennies. It's so different from
last year."
The man did not answer at once, but
he understood. He could see it all, the
big dining-room at the farm, the large
table in the center with its vivid red
cloth and green shaded lamp, flanked
on one side by plates of apples and
nuts, and on the other by copies of
•"The American Farmer" and "The
Ransom County Herald."
£ ( •""> LOSE the window. I cannot
I stand it!" said the girl,
V-^ thrusting her hatpin back
and forth in the velvet with
trembling fingers.
The man did as he was told and then
turned to her wonderingly.
"Can't stand what?" he asked. ¦*.
Before she could ask any more ques
tions the door closed behind him. Me
chanically she removed her hat and
reached for the gingham apron which
she; used when preparing her break
fasts and luncheons. Her dinners she
always took at a nearby restaurant.
She lifted the typewriter from its table
and hid it in the closet. Then she
spread a newspaper over the table.
That would do for the culinary depart
ment, she argued.
She removed the student lamp from
the center table and spread upon it a
square piece of plain linen, handed
down by Grandmother Harris. Then
she went to a> trunk which she had
never opened since the day it left the
farm, and, one by one, she lifted out
the treasured pieces of family crock-
buttoned up his overcoat and reached
for his hat. "You fill the oil stove and
get the chafing dish ready, and set out
your table, and I'll do the rest."
A reception at the Simpson home
followed the ceremony. To this nearly
200 guests were bidden.
The bride's .table, rich with dressing
of white flowers, was extremely attrac-
; The groom, a young divine of Kioto,
Japan, met Miss Simpson during Jier
visit to her hister, the wife of Bishop
Partridge, also living in Kioto. !
Yesterday's wedding is the outcome
of their meeting and acquaintance.
The bride, gowned in white, em
broidered with the Japanese wistaria,
was attended by her sister, Miss
Amalia Simpsom, and Miss Helen Part
ridge.
Rev. Cecil Montague Marracks
served the groom, F. W. Dixon and Dr.
Howard Hill being the ushers.'
Bishop Partridge, assisted by Rev.
Burr Weeden, performed the cere
mony.
The church was decorated In white
chrysanthemums, used in great quan
tity; altar and chancel also bearing a
profusion of these same flowers.
St. Luke's was the scene of a
charming and impressive wedding yes
terday, when, exactly at the noon hour,
Miss Margaret Simpson became the
bride of William James Cuthbert.
* • «
A wedding attracting wide attention
and characterized by many brilliant
features was that yesterday of Miss
Gertrude Eells and Lieutenant John
Franklin Babcock in Trinity Church.
The position held by these ypung peo
ple, together with their Immense per
sonal popularity, attracted a great
number of friends to the ceremony, for
genuine interest "impelled attendance.
The bride, beautifully gowned in bro
caded white, was attended by her six
bridesmaids, dressed In shaded yellow
chiffon creations. Miss Dorothy Eells,
maid of honor, wore white with yellow
embroideries. The groom was served by
John Sheppard Eells as best man. At
3:30 o'clock the wedding march an
nounced the approach of the bridal
party, led by the ushers, Lieutenant
Needham Lee Jones, U. S. N.; Lieu
tenant Harry Howard Rousseau. U. S.
N.; Benjamin Dibble. Wharton Thurs
ton, John Kittle and William D. Page.
Following were the bridesmaids, pre
ceded by the maid of honor. Then came
the bride with her father, who gave
her away, the ceremony being per
formed bv Rev. Dr. Frederick Clam
pett. The home of Mr. and Mrs. Eells
was then thrown open to the large
number of friends, who followed with
congratulations for Lieutenant and
Mrs. Babcock. They will reside in San
Francisco after a wedding Jpurney, for
the young lieutenant Is stationed in
town.
The wedding of Mi?s Susan PAtton
and Dr. Le Moyne Wills was surround
ed by simplicity and quietude, for
though there were several friends pres
ent no formal invitations ware issued.
This young couple have a large follow
ing from Southern California. Among
those who came to ' town were Mrs.
Hancock Banning, Mrs. T. B. Brown,
Miss Adelaide Brown and George Patton.
The bride was unattended, while the
groom was -s.erved by Dr. Harry Sher
man. Rev. David Evans officiated, the
bride's father, Colonel George H. Smith,
giving her away. After a honeymoon in
Santa Barbara Dr. and Mrs. Wills will
live in Los Angeles. '
Yesterday's three nuptial ceremonies
were strongly contrasted in detail, even
though each was an event of prom
inence. •
LET US GIVE THANKS.,
Miss Nellie E. Turner, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. William T. Turner of
Stockton, was married yesterday to
Thomas B. Foster of San Francisco.
The ceremony took place at 5:30 in
the afternoon at the home of the
bride's parents, Edward L. McClellan
officiating.
The Channing Auxiliary, of which
Mrs. W. R. Wheeler is president, lent
its hospitality, the receiving party
composed of: Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, Mr. and Mrs\ Frank Symmes,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Curtis, Mr. and Mrs.
E. W. Stadtmuller. Mr. and Mrs. E.
S. Simpson, Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Dun
combe. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Mills, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Osgood, Mr. and
Mrs. William Hardy, Mr. and Mrs.
George Hooker. Mr. and Mrs. Alexan
der Eells. Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Burr.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sumner. Mr. and
Mrs. Milton Andros, Mr. and Mrs.
James Denman. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Stetson Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs. John
F. Merrill, Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin,
Miss Mabel Symmes. Miss Ethel Par
ker. Miss Grace Baldwin. Miss Ruth
Campbell, Miss Laura Kimber. Miss
Edith (Buckingham. Mr. and Mrs.
Fairfax Wheelan. Mr. and Mrs. James
Margo. Mr. and Mrs. Julius Weber,
William Wood and John F. Perry Jr.
Mrs. Horatio Stebbins and Miss
Lucy Stebbins were given a recep
tion last evening at the Unitarian
Church that drew out a large number
of friends in cordial reunion and who
passed a delightful evening convers
ing with the guests.
James D. Phelan entertained at the
Bohemian Club last evening, giving »
dinner to Miss Anita Harvey and sev
eral other guests, some of whom
were Jhe following: The Misses Ada.
Miss Alice Sullivan, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Downey Harvey, Miss Margaret "and
Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Sullivan.
With much regret the younger set
are parting with a most interesting
maiden. 'Tis said, however, that Dr.
Thayer will bring his bride back to
her native heath.
To-day Mrs. W. J. Gunn and Miss
Mabel start for the East. They will
remain in New York visiting with rel
atives until the holidays, when they
will embark for Porto Rico. Here,
under tropic skies, will the maid
plight her troth to Dr. Thayer.
• • •
She has lived In Brussels many
years, has been presented at court and
is an accomplished linguist. Miss
Robeson will spend the winter In San
Francisco.
The Sequoia Club on Tuesday even-
Ing gave one of the most delightful
evenings since its organization.
A friendly, cordial and congenial
atmosphere pervaded.
Several visitors were present, among
them Miss Helen Robeson of Brussels,
who was a very attractive personage
by reason of her attainments and pres
tige.
tive and held the following guests:
Rev. and Mrs. CUthbert, Miss Amalia
Simpson, Miss Helen Partridge. Miss
Eschen. Miss Haines. Rev. C. M. Mar
racks. F. W. Dixon. Dr. Harold Hill,
George Hind.
After a brief wedding trip Rev. Mr.
and Mrs. Cuthbert will spend the holi
days with Mr. and Mrs. Simpson, leav
ing in January for their Kioto home.
And that is why Herman Blake has
always maintained . that while most
men win their brides by the aid of the
florist or candy maker, he wooed Janet
through a delicatessen shop.
(Copyright, 1904, by Geo. W. Sargent.)
"Well," he maintained^ stoutly, "it is
considerably better than poor restaur
ant food, and when Scollard & Co.
wake up to an appreciation of my real
worth you can queen it over a real flat
and a real maid."
"I think I will try the prescription."
He had stepped picking over the
nuts now, and his hands were clasped
under the table. He did not want her
to see that they were shaking. He had
made the plunge so suddenly.
"I don't think this room is just what
we ought to have, but we can get a
nice little flat of three or four room's,
and you would not N have to stop your
work so long as ypu like it so much,
but we could make sure the front room
was cheerful and light for you to write
in. I think it's a sure cure for liome
slckness for both of us."
She sat staring at him, at first stolid
ly, then gradually the color came into
her cheeks, and the expression on her
face changed.
"I don't understand," sh*. said, but
Herman knew that she understood him
perfectly. „ .
"I am just offering you a prescrip
tion signed H. Blake, M. D., to be
taken three times a day, breakfast,
dinner and supper — a husband and- a
cozy little flat."
Janet was regaining her composure.
"With delicatessen cooking:?"
"Do you know," Bhe said wonder
lngly, "I never supposed this place
could be so much like home."
"Home Is what people make it —
what two people make it," he cor
rected. . ¦
While the soup cooked in the chafing
dish the potatoes and the gravy were
all heated In a big saucepan over the
oil stove, nnd wl.en the soup was
served the benns took its place in the
chafing dish. And the two young peo
ple, who hnd forgotten to X.-. homesick
and heartsick, seated themselves at
either end of a ridiculously small
Thanksgiving dinner table.
At last they sat over their nuts and
raisins. Last year they had eaten
them in front of a, blazing fire. In
stinctively Janet glanced toward a ra
diator in a distant corner of the. room.
It did not look cheerful, but the steam
was escaping merrily from the valve,
and that was something to be thankful
for. Then she looked back at Herman;
she ought to be thankful for him, too.
She gave a little sigh of contentment.
He looked up quickly. It sounded" like
old times.
"Herman, that cost you more than a
table d'hote dinner would, and now
how are we going to cook it?"
"Most of it was choked at the deli
catessen shop, and haven't we two
stoves, . or as. good as two stoves?
Draw out that oil contraption of
yours." , ' .
She sprang to her feet. In a few
moments the tea kettle was boiling and
the water was ready to ; pour over the
ooffee in the little French pot which
was then left to drip. The cranberry
sauce and the re9t of the cold dishes
were set forth in brave array .on the
china from the farm.
pickled onions, two turkey drumsticks,
ditto slices of white meat, stuffing and
gravy, one tin pail of cranberry Jelly,
one wooden dish filled with mashed po
tatoes, one can lima beans, one stalk
celery, one mince pie (just see how
thick it Is. with real raisins), one sack
of nuts (have you got a hammer?) and
two apples."
Janet looked at the remarkable com
bination with eyes turned suddenly
grave.
BY EPES W. S0RGENT.
THANKSGIVING FOR TWO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKEL8 Proprietor
_*__ ~~~ ~ ADDRESS Ati. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXACGHT. > • Manager
Pl-BLJCATION OmCE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. 8AN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 24, 1904
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION.
8tPteXPIP STATUE OF THE LATE PRESIDENT WLLLJAM McKINLET WHICH STANDS ON A MASFTVE PEDESTA.I. AT
THE ENTRANCE TO THE PARK PANHANDLE AND WHICH WILL. BE UNVEILED TO-DAT WITH CEREMOVIES
BEFITTING THE OCCASION. 7~X
WAXTS SUGGESTIONS FROM LAWYERS.
The Supreme Court Is busily enjraged In r«
vislng its rules to conform with the pro
posed new method of assigning cases under
the amendment providing for district courts
of appeal. Chief Justice Beatty has requested
th* lawyers of* the State to make suggestions
In regard to new regulations. He desires all
communications on the subject to be sent to
Secretary Flnkler.
BARRON* ESTATE.— The estate of William
E Barron, deceased, has been appraised at
160.0U 33. at which about $40,000 is In stock*
and bonds. The realty consists of a sixth
Interest In large ranches in Sutter and Santa
Barbara counties.
BARTMAN-COSGROVE-— At 3 o'clock this
afternoan James Coagrove. supply-keeper of
the department of elections at the City Hall,
will marry Miss . Hortense Bartman of 717
Bay street at St. Brlgld's Church. - Tney wUI
¦oend their honeymoon In the south.
On Thanksgiving day, November 24, and Sat
urday. November 26, aome great pony raeln
will be seen at San Mateo during the fall race
meeting of the Polo and Pcny Racing- Ask
elation. For the accommodation of the publl
the Southern Pacific will run a special tral
to San Mateo on each of these days leavln
Third and Townaend streets depot at 'l p. m.
returning, leave San Mateo at 5:15 p. m.* Roun
trip. tickets will be sold for 73 cents at Thlr
and Townsend streets depot and 613 Market st.
Special Events Thanksgiving Day and
Saturday.
POXY RACING AT SAX MATEO.
Creditors of F. J. Hellen of Tus
can Springs, Tehama County, yester
day filed a petition in the United
States District Court asking that he
be adjudged an involuntary insolvent.
The following debts are alleged: Ad
ams-Booth Company, 1542; Murphy-
Grant Company, $252; Nathan Dohr
mann Company, $53; Langley &
Michaels Company, $33. It is allegel
that on November 15 of this y?a:-
Hellen committed an act or insol
vency in preferring E. B. WalbrldRe
to levy an execution upon his property
for J182S.
Involuntary Bankruptcy.
The Sisters of the Holy Family will
r.re a Thanksffiv-ng dinner to nearly
a. huiidred children at the Childrtf-i's
Day Home, corner of Hayes and Fil!
rrr r» streets. All the dainties of th«»
«ra*oa will b«on the table and the
great American bird, the turkey, will
occupy a prominent place. The table
will be spread at i p. m.
Cfcndrro's Day Home.
March, "Carmen" (G. Bizet), college or
chestra; vocal quartet. "Phantom Band" (W.
Macey). Knickerbocker ' quartet; waltz. "Il
Flore rr Italia" (G. D. Stefano). college or
chestra; cornet solo. "Le Reve D' Amour" (H.
Mullars). Vincent Toomey: meditation, "Last
H-spe" (J. Gottschalk). college orchestra: vocal
solo, "S'.clliana" (P. Mascagni), H. Williams;
anvil chorus. "I! Trovatore" <G. Verdi), college
orchestra; Instrumental trio, "Ave Maria" <R.
Gruennrald). Max Firestone. Gustave Johnson
and V. Toom-y; vocal quartet. "Hush, Honey.
Hush" (E. Marston). Knickerbocker quartet:
si-lectlon. (a) "Reverie" (L. Ganne), «b) two
step. "Whispered Thought" (C. L. Johnson);
march. "Tannhauser" (R. Wagner), college or
chestra; vocal quartet, "Bolero £>panole" (A.
GeibeD, Knickerbocker quartet; instrumental
solo. "Adagio e Tarantella" (G. Goltermann),
D. W. Forbes; paraphrase, "Annie Laurie" (C.
W. Bennet). college orch<»stra: Tocal solo.
"Chanson du Toreador" (.G. Bizet), S. P.
Walsh: instrumental sextet. "Allegro" (F.
Splndler), H. Cosgrove. M. Firestone, N. Fire
stone. D. W. Forbes, A. Hub«r and C. Kelly;
two step. "Bit o' Blarney" (J. L. Heir), col
lege orchestra; vocal quartet, "Popular Med
ley" (G Marston). Knickerbocker quartet: in
strumental duet. "Swiss Boy" (B. F. Bent),
C. Dietrich and V. Toomey: selection, (a) "An
dante" (M. C. CHare). (b) "Pow Wow" (P.
Rubens). •
The St. Ignatius College orchestra
gave a concert Tuesday night in St.
Ignatius Hall. A large audience was
in attendance. The programme was a
fine one and was well rendered
throughout. Applause and ' encores
were the order of the evening. Folr
lowing was the programme:
SUES ON MINING DEAI*— A suit for
$10,093 was begun yesterday against Charles
Webb Howard by W. T. Rooinson. The plaint*
Iff owned 45.333 shares m the Hexter Gold
Mining Company In Calaveras County and in
March. 1S97, gave Ho-ward and W. E. Brown
23,333 shares with the understanding that they
were to pay the assessments on his remaining
20.000 shares. It is alleged that the mlna
was worth J151.OX). but Brown, without noti
fying Robinson, permitted, the property to be
sold for 91G0O, wherein Robinson claims he
was damaged in the sum mentioned in his suit.
PLKASES IiARGE AUDIENCE
WITH FIXE EXTERTAIXMEXT
Change that sallow, pimply face to a
clear, clean one by using Lajfh's Bitters.*
The first production in the city of
"The Star of Bethlehem." the miracle
play of the nativity, by the Ben Greet
players, will be given under the aus
pices of the Catholic Truth Society
on Saturday evening in the Alhambra
Theater. The entire Greet company
will take part, assisted by a chorus
representing the Clerkenwell monks'
choir. Constance Crawley will appear
as the angel. Reserved seats are on
sale at the office of the society.
Greet Players to Appear.
For many years past these good ser
vitors of the poor have followed this
beautiful custom and thus the Joy of
anticipation prepares the little ones for
the Joys of a real Thanksgiving. The
tables are spread in the assembly hall
and are gladdened with loads of blos
soms and ferns, arranged with most
exquisite care— not less than graces to
day the tables of the rich. The chil
dren will dine to-day at 2:30 p. m. and
there will be there to see that they
eat within the bounds of safety many
pretty society girls, who have decided
to abandon the pursuit of more ordi
nary pleasures to jnake the, little ones
Ixappy and to be happy with them.
And of these turkeys, whether pur
chased for 30 or for 10 cents' a pound,
hundreds of thousands of people will
dine in San Francisco to-day. Feasts
for little ones and feasts for the poor
have been prepared and doubtlessly
will be enjoyed- Some of these events
promise to be most "picturesque, es
pecially one at the home of the Sisters
of the Holy Family at the corner of
Hayes and Fillmore streets,' where 700
little tykes, lucky little lads and lassies,
will d'ine, the good sisters their hos
tesses.
No one has complaint to make but
the turkey man and even his is a self
ish complaint. When the week opened
the retailers of the good American bird
were piling up small fortunes on a
charge of 30 tents a pound for any
thing from a thin-chested hen to a
wheat-stuffed gobbler. But yesterday
morning their end came. Seventy tons
of turkeys marched into the market
from Oregon ami things began to
shake. Then some California farmers
that had about eighty tons more to
dispose of tossed them on top of the
quaking market and it broke like a
house of cards beneath the weight.
In half an hour turkeys dropped
from 30 cents to 20, then to 15, then to
12Vi and then in some places to 10
cents a pound. The result was that
every peddler that could borrow a
wa^on or a basket became a turkey
dealer. The retail markets held up as
long as they could under the competi
tion, but finally came down with the
slump and passed out turkeys over the
counter at a price below that usually
charged for tough round steak. It was
an unhappy day for the turkey men,
but a glad one for those that toil and
need to .husband their resources.
FEASTS FOR EVERYBODY.
And nowhere in this broad land can
greater cause for thankfulness be
found than in California. In the year
Just closed this State made remark
able advancement in every material
branch that goes to make, for the
wealth and comfort of those that live
within her borders. And in San Fran
cisco, her metropolis, the signs of
progress are everywhere and in every
home there will be celebration.
To-day, in accordance with the proc
lamation of the President of the Unit
ed States, the people of this favored
land will offer up thanks for the for
tunes of a year that has just passed
into history. It has been a year nota
ble for its prosperity and marked by
the content of the whole American peo
ple.
Special Thanksgiving services will be
held at many of the city's churches to
day. A union service of several of the
Methodist Episcopal churches will be
held at the California Street Church
this morning. The choir of this church
w ill be augmented by that of the First
Methodist episcopal Church. The fol
lowing- programme will be rendered:
President's proclamation. Rev. W p «tan-
A 7: } tTB^ n Xo - * R * v - F A- Keast: Apostles'
Cr~d. Rev. B. E. Paddock; prayer. Rev.
Georg» %\. White; anthem. "O God. Who Is
Like Unto Thee?" (Foster), Miss Smith at*d
choir; Dsalm HI. Rev. El F. Brown; contralto
solo. "Praise the Lord. O My Soul" (Hold«n).
Mrs-. Mendenholl; scripture, Romans 13 Rev
A. C. Ban*; offering. Rev. F. M. Larkln: an
th-m. "H» Shall Come Down Like Rain"
• Buck). Miss Rodda. Miss Hipklns. Mr. Kent.
Mr. Horner and chorus; sermon. Rev. J H N
"Williams ; barytone solo. "Judr» Me 6 God"
(Buck*. G. W. Christopher; hymn No. 1089
Rev. E. D. Raley; benediction.
In addition to the above the follow
ing organ numbers will be rendered
by J. H. Hallowell:
Prelude, "Hosanna," Wacks; offer
tory. "Spring Song," Mendelssohn;
postlude, "March of the Priests,"
Mendelssohn.
SIX CHURCHES UNITE.
A union service will also be held at
the West Side Christian Church, Bush
street near Devisadero, beginning at
10:30 o'clock, the following churches
participating:
First English Lutheran, Rev. K. Nelander
Ph. D., pastor; Plymouth Congregational. R-v'
I C Meserve, D.D.. 'pastor; Hamilton Square
Baptist. Rev. Louis J. Sawyer pastor- Cen
tenary M. E. Church, South. Rev. r7e Nunn.
pastor: First New Jerusalem (SwedenbonrianV
West Side Christian, Walter M. White, pastor.'
The following will be the order of
service: *
Or?ran prelude; doxology (audience standing) •
invocation anil Lord's prayer, Walter M Whlti'
hymn 41$; reading proclamation. Rev. l" c Me
serve; anthem by West Side Church choir-
Kripture reading. Rev. R. E. Nunn; prayer'
ev. E. Nelander; offertory, "The Holy City ' :
Amca Cain; sermon. Rev. Louis J. Sawyer
hymn 432; benediction ; organ postlu'de. '
The offering will be devoted to the
work of the Fruit and Flower Mis
sion.
At Emmanuel Baptist Church the
For a long time the citizens of this
City have heard much of the art. the
thought and the sentiment that is em
b-xiled in the monument. Its descrip
tion has been written, its cost has been
:. its sculptor has been named, but
\.-.i* has not been satisfactory. It is
• rir.ished work the people want to
• ew and to-day their wish will be
¦xed as the monument is at the
r >ak-r street entrance to Golden Gate
park it occupies one of the finest sites
ir. the city and Its stately outline of
bronze and stone will stand fcr cen
tcziea to tell coming generations that
-^ r . <vviiiia.ni McKinley, a martyred
President of the United States, was
revered.
The ceremony ol the unveiling of the
monument will not be ostentatious, but
it* will be nose the less Impressive.
James D. Fhelan -will preside at the
exercises and on behalf of the people
will give the monument to the care of
the Park Commission. F.euben Lloyd
Tvill respond and en behalf of the com
mission will accept the trust. John
McNa.U£ht will deliver the oration. At
the conclusion of the ceremony sacred
music will be rendered.
Thanksgiving Day Is Here
and Finds All Contented.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination at
San Francisco. Marysville, Los Ange
les. Fresno and Reno December 14 for
the position of aid. Coast and Geo
detic Survey. There are two vacan
cies to be filled at $720 per annum.
Age limit, 18 to 25 years. As the
commission has experienced consider
able difficulty in securing eligibles for
this position qualified persons are
urged to enter the examination. This
examination is open to all male citi
zens of the United States who comply
with the requirements. Apply to the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D." C, or to the sec
retary of the board of civil service ex
aminers, 301 Jackson street, San
Francisco, for application form 1312,
which should be filed with the com
mission at Washington.
Geodetic Aid Wanted.
To express the esteem In which they
hold their pastor the members of St.
John's Episcopal Church grave a re
ception to Rev. L. C. Sanford in the
guild hall of the church last night in
honor of his return from the East.
Dr. Sanford, with hi3 wife, left here
two months ago as a special delegate
to the Episcopal convention, which
was held in Boston. He visited differ
ent cities and arrived home last Fri
day.
The hall was crowded ¦with parish
ioners and a musical programme was
given, after which the attendants in
dulged in refreshments.
Dr. Sanford made. a short address,
in which he thanked his flock for the
reception and said he was glad to be
back with them. Following was the
programme: Piano solo, Mr. Grube;
welcome address, Major McKinne;
basso solo, Mr. Glenn; recitation. Miss
Mowbrey; tenor solo. Professor Ja
cobs; violin solo. Miss Van Reyne
gom; soprano solo. Miss Davey; cor
net solo. Mr. Cllne.
Members |pf St. John's Episcopal
Church Give a Reception to
Rev. L. C. Sanford.
"The Old Flag Forever'". .Lelia France
1. March. "The American Republlc"...ThleIe
2. Overture, "Beautiful Galatea" Suppe
3. Waltz, "Espana" Waldteufel
4. Solo for saxophone Selected
J. L. Mandwyler.
5- Fantasia. "Marltana" ..• Wallace
PART II.
6. Tcne Pictures from the North and South.
r Bendlx
T. Piljsnimsi' Chorus from "Tannhauser"
Wgjrcer
5. (a) Patrol. "The Blue and the Gray".Dalb«y
(b) Descriptive, "On the Plantation"..
Puerner
9. Selection. "La Mascotte" Audran
10? Coronation Marcn. "Le Prophet". Meyerbeer
The following special programme
will be rendered at the park to-day:
PART I.
Mnsic at the Park.
WELCOME THE RETURN
HOME OF THEIR PASTOR
The board formally fixed the Christ
mas vacation for this year to com
mence December 19, 1904, and end Jan
uary 2, 1905, and ordered the fall term
to conclude January 13, 1905, and the
spring term to commence on January
16, 1S05.
The Board of Education yesterday
changed the arrangements of the pe
riods comprising the vacations acd the
terms constituting the school yea*,
which shall consist of forty-two weeks,
divided into a fall and a spring term of
twenty-one weeks each. The important
change made is In the summer vaca
tion, which shall begin on the first
Monday after rhe Friday Immediately
preceding the Fourth of July and shall
continue for six weeks, until the be
ginning of the next fall term. Vacations
at Christmas of two» weeks and a.t Kas
ter time of two weeks are also provided
frr.
A resolution was adopted providing
that the practice heretofore prevailing
In the School Department of dismissing
the pupils known as "honorary" a 'week
in advance of the termination of the
school session immediately preceding
vacation periods be discontinued.
The board denied the application of
Miss Caroline H. Newman for a one
year leave of absence and adopted a
resolution dropping her from the roll
of probationary teachers for inability
to perform efficient 'Services. Miss New
man is now at the McNutt hospital suf
fering from a nervous attack.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Miss Elizabeth Fleming, Miss Estelle
Houghton and F. A. Gardner.
Miss C. H. Newman Is
Dismissed for Inefficient
Services as a Teacher
DROPPED FK03I EOLLS
At the First Congregational Church,
Post and Mason streets, services will
begin at 11 a. m. Under the direction
of Samuel D. Mayer, the organist, a
special programme of music will be
rendered. The pastor, the Rev.
George C. Adams, D. D., will deliver
a sermon on "Whom the God of This
People Chose."
At St. Mary's Cathedral. St. Mary's
(Paullst) Church, Grace Church and
Trinity Church special services will
also be held.
Owing to the fact that many people
were unable to obtain admission last
Sunday afternoon the Immaculate
Conception alumnae will give a sec
ond rendition of the cantata at St.
Anthony's Hall, corner of Folsom and
Army streets, at 2 p. m. to-day. The
cantata was splendidly rendered by
these young people last Sunday and a
large crowd is expected to-day. Chil
dreq not taking part In the entertain
ment will be excluded unless accom
panied by their parents.
The Rev. H. A. Luckenback will de
liver an address and the Rev. John A.
Hollars, the pastor, will read the Pres
ident's proclamation at services to be
held this morning at Bethlehem Con
gregational Church, Twenty-fourth
and Vermont streets. Special music
will be rendered by the choir.
WILL. SING CANTATA.
Organ voluntary. "Hungarian Melody" CAn
tol); hymn. "Onward. Christian Soldiers, 1 ' No.
6; Invocation, Rev. L. B. Lanln?: chorus of
girls. "Praise to Tfcee" (Doane); scripture
reading 1 , psalm 146, Rev. L. B. Laning; bary
tone solo. "Praise Him" (Brooks). Rev. J.
George Gibson; prayer and Lord's prayer,
chanted by congregation, Kev. W. Haryett;
violin solo, "Andante Rellgioso" (Thome);
scripture r-ading, PhUlppIans iv:4-9. Rev. W.
Haryett; "Gloria Patri." congrregaticn: chorus,
"Gladly Sing" (Doane); notices; soprano solo,
"A Song of Thanksgiving" (Allitsen). Mrs. F.
Thoroug-hman; "Offertory"' (Dudley Buck);
barytone solo, "Behold tne Goodness of th<»
Lord" (Hall), Rev. J. George Gibson; shcrt
sercnon by the pastor: chorus, "In the Temple"
(Doane); benediction; recessional, orchestra,
"Praise" (Tullar); special ThankaRlvlng offer
ing for the poor. Organ. Miss I>otta J. Under
bill; cornet. A. F. Roberts; piano. Miss Lillian
Bennett, Miss Alta. Hawley; violin, C. H.
Blank.
Rev. J. George Gibson, pastor, special
services will also be held, beginning
at 11 o'clock. The offering will be
devoted to the relief of the poor. The
following programme has been pre
pared:
Board of Education Bear
ranges Periods Compris
ing Terms of School Year
CHANGES TIME
OF VACATIONS
PEOPLE WILL OFFER UP THANKS
FOR A YEAR OF PROGRESS.
Preparations for
the Ceremony
Complete.
Ready to Unveil
the McKinley
Monument.
Notable Citizens
Will Witness
Event.
ihe ipleadld MrKinley monutn«?nt —
& aomiment that is no less a tribute
to th<» patriotism <">f the p^^ple of San
Franrisiro than to the achievements,
the g»r.ixis and the kindliness of th«
gr^at American President in whose
r.'^mory it was erected — will be un
reQed at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1904.
9
FREE FREE FREE
WITH ,
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A BOX
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
• of the
HIGHEST QUALITY
of
TOILET SOAP.
Your Choice of Four Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page ior Further
Particulars. -
GRAPE-Ning.
TOO FED.
Clergyman Sot Eiitlrely Sore on That
Point.
There is an inclination amen? th»
ladies to rather overfeed the Dominie
Kancdmes. ana while that Indirectly
h*-!ps the tsale of Grape- Nuts, it offers
no suitable exsrese for the makers to
encourage the practice.
A minister of Auburn. Ind., writes:
"Whether it vras from irregular hab-
iis and more or less badly prepared
food taken during 1 some of my travels,
<.>r whether I have been too well cared
fcr by my parishioners does not seem
entirely clear; however, the fact re-
mains that indigestion set in, and after
a period of hard work I came down
with a genuine case of nervous pros-
tration. V':#£
HSlt se*ms th<» trouble had been brew-
In? for some years, for several Insur-
ance companies had rejected me after
careful examination by their physi-
cUej.
"I wsj» nired to adopt Grape-Xuts
and cream for my sole diet for break-
fast and lunch. The reqnest was ur^ed
s»? strongly that I concluded to follow
the suggestion, and to my surprise be-
jran to gain Quickly in health and
"I persisted in the use of this re-
markable food, and a wonderful re-
sult followed. I have entirely regained
nay health, have been examined by the
r hysician of one of the most conserva-
tive Insurance companies in America
and have been accepted. It seems suf-
ficient evidence of the change that has i
taken place as a result of the use of ]
• Trape-Nuts." Name jriven by Postum j
Co.. Battle Cret'k. Mich-
Get the bock. "The Road to "VVell-
ville," In ea'ch pkg.
ABITSEMENTS.
¦ .,
r VTfl A I MESSENGER BOY
I" I I K 11 ' MATINEE
LA I I In I THANKSGIVING
nnilin Friday Eve.. Nov. 25th
OnAliU Sat. Mat.. Nov. 26th
OPERA ...LUCIA...
Mae. Paania Praacisca as Loda
Urea: Cast— Chorus -Orchastra
KING SUNDAY
llii1 EVENING,
T\ Of^ rt NOVEMBER.
2LJ\J LJr\J 27th
S»t» Always Selling— R<»gular Mat. Sat.
A STUPENDOUS SHOW!
MR. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW
Webb's Seals: DeWltt. Buza» *ad Tor-
rices: Tyce and Jermcn. and Orphaira
Motion Pictures, S2iowl37 Tas Xiotrs
Cnild."
lout Times of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mar-
phy: Carlisle's Do«r« and Poai««;
Ansrasta Olose and tne Tiree Samoa-
lers.
Regular Matinees Ev»ry Wednesday. Tiers-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES- tOc. 23o aad 80a
GRAND SSSgg
"And your* deltghtejJTy laughed nar4
and applauded for blisters." — Ashtoa Strv-
ec«i In Examiner. '^
THI3 TVEEK AXD NEXT.
MATINEES
TO-DAY
Saturday ani Sunday
*w *
SHOW' GIRL
; Next Attraction Williams anJ Walter j
ftftl 1 1MB! A w narascn
wULUmjSI A Das S«
MATINEE TO-DAY.
NIGHTLY. EXCEPT SINDAI.
MATINEE SATTTRDAT.
THI3 AND NEXT VTEEK.
Seats for S-cond W«k Now Ready. v
Charles B. Dtltlnghani Presents
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In the ClytJ* Fitch Ccmetly.
HER OWN \A/A> r
G«naaa Performances^ — N»it Sua.Iay.
• -GROSSSTA DTLrFT."
Dec. 4 — "Ira \Veis3e3 Roesal." Seats ready.
, CALIFORNIA*
| Holiday Matinee To-Day I
S AXTAUS SU5S, l!
3 la tha New Tortt Casino Musical Com- *
y eiiy Triumph. j|
j THE RUNAWAYS I
H Th« cri^lsa! $75,000 prxiactioo. if
y First tour of the famous Caatoo Show H
H N«t Suaday N!grat— The CaUroraia- I
f 1 favorites. GALL.A.GHEK aad BAR. ¦
J* RETT la FINN EC? AN' S BALL,
ALCAZAR ""—T
Geseral """f 1 !
Special Thanksgiving
Matinee To-Day.
Lansater-Klvlar Cocse*y.
THEVILUCE | 5 -t«
POSTMASTER I h^ ¦""
Ideal Holiday Attraction for Old aad Tcroag!
Full of Pan! Caarats* Seatliaeat!
The Thresalai Macalae Semation.
Bvr»- 23c to 20c All Maxiaees. rSc to 90c
Monday, Not. 2S— Hall Cilae'i Master Work.
_~.T22 %it\ rn.txiATT—^
CENTRAL^!?
Market St.. Near Qsata. Fcoae Sotztn 333.
Special Matinee To-Day.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
A Sensatiooai Crime Depicted la a Sensational
Maaaer.
QUEEN OF THE
WHITE SLAVES
A Story Torn From the Paga of PcUce Annala.
Price*— Ere.. 10c to 50c. Mats.— 10c. 13c. 23c
Next — TH3 LITTLE CHTTRCH AROUND
THE COHNEH.
A Splendid Show Srexy Afttzaeea ta4
Srmn3njc la thm Tsaatex.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
THE REIGNING SENSATION 05* CONET
ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIH.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
Electric ronatafcx Satnzday j»UiS.
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 3^
SEATS SOW O3T SALS
AT SHEHMAN. CLAT ft CO.'S FOR
mTTP TJP1T PT)FP»T1 pj ATFrN
ltiEi DfiK trilbJil fliAiMii)
! * , In THE STAR OF BETHLEHEM
A MIRACLE PLAT OF THE NATTVTTT.
By Cbarlea Mills Gay!«y.
Profewwr of English. Catrerstty ot Cal.
LYRIC HALL 2SJS-
SS/r-. Monday Might
M\TINEES WED.. FRt. SAT. AT 3.
RESERVED SEATS. «.5<X tl-OO. 73c
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Oakland.
LAST WEEK OF PENNANT RACE.
At Eichth and Harrison mts.
WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY and 3ATCKDAT.
2 a- 13-
THA.VKSCr.T-NO DAT aad Sunday. 2 JO p.a».
LADIES FREE ON FRrDAT.
AdTance sale of seats at 5 Stocktoe rt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
in theTegjslature
"The Massachusetts Legislature is-
. Bought and Sold as are Sausages
and Fis'n at the Market
and Whams"
This 13 one of the many startling
statements m.ide bv Thomas ,W. Law- i
son in the December installment of
"Frenzied Finance" in Evertbodt's '
Magazine for December, just pub-
lished. Mr. Lawson tells of the whole-
sale buying and selling of senators
j and representatives in the great cotn-
! monwealth of Massachusetts r which
j culminated to the sudden and mvsteri-
• f ous disappearance of a Boston lawyer
} and his secretary.
I As back numbers of Evehvbodt's 1
Magazine are out of print, the previ- I
ous chapters of Mr. Lawson's " rYen- !
xied Finance" — contained in the num-
ber* from July to November inclusive
—are republished in a pamphlet, at 23
cents a copy. ThU pamphlet will b©
sent free to any new subscriber to
Everybody's Magazine wh6 requests
it and who sends one dollar for a
vear's subscription beginning with the
T)ecember number. Address The
Ridgway - Thayer Company, Union
Square, New "i orl? City.
J ; -1
&/&ffbodys
for December baa also Booth Tarkuig-
ton's latest story : an exquisite Christ-
mas article by Henry van Dyke ; a
joyous taJe by O. Henry ; and a host
of other striking features.
JUST OUT. On all News-stands
Everybody's Magazine want3 canvass-
ers. Wnte for terms.
UEBIG COMPANY'S
EXTRACT OF BEEF
COMPRESSED VIGOR y\
Er-ry adraaced physician a&sits \f J
the Talue cf coscestrated tzed pro- fc* /
dxxii la cooralescecse cr fapaired \^/
diftstJsa. LIE3IG Ccmpast's yf*^
ExrsACTi3t7farthstes:cfth«je. / 4Vpl
Ei:s"er.:f;r the Sick and a c=od jjjba&jj
thiag (or tni we3. ijplllUnl^l
f Perfect Fittin* Qp k
Eyeglasses (M
At Moderate Cost (\
V 642
Pfliarp D0VT rAIL TO
j COURT Lounging
/Ifin room, the EMPIRE
UUU parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
Iff/) flu LOUIS XV PAR-
II j 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels I eoqm
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
AMUSEMENTS.
Ams&3
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. VT. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TQ-NI6HT ACP S OW . TO-HIBHT
Oliver Morocco Offer*
Howard Oonld — J. H. GUmoor
And th« Majestic Theater Cocapaay In Richard
Hardlnj? Daria" Fascinating- Comedy,
THE TAMING OF HELEN
Reappearance of Adele Block.
MATIXEE TO-DAT AND SATURDAT.
2TEZT — "Z2T MXZZOUXtA."
TWO PERFORMANCES THIS AFTERNOON.
commencing at 2:30.
THREE PERFORMANCES TO-NIGHT.
From 7 to 11 p. m.
Ten Great "Headlines"
0/fi HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE..
1£?) No
and > tn_v-_.
2Ocl Hisher
Chndren. 10c; any part of th» theater.
See "AN IMPOSSIBLE VOYAGE"— Greatest
Moving Picture or the Ag*.
Bad! Bail!
California' jw Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Commencing . SATURDAT. November IX
Racing every week day. rain or saias.
Racea start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
THANxsorvrso BAirpxcAP.
$3000 Added, to b« ran THTJSSD AY.
Uoveinber 24.
For special trains stopping at the track iak s
B. P. Ferry foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30. 1:CO. 1:30 or 2:00. Retaralng trains
leav* the track at 4:10 and 4:U p. m. aad
Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Mr. Golden Gate."
said the speaker, "I
drink to yon — to the
coffee that holds first
place at the breakfast*
dinner and banquet
table."
Nothiatf rfoes with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bat aatUfactiea. Nat
prizes — 00 coupons — ¦• crockery.
1 and 2 Ib. «rom«-ti,ht lias.
Never cold la balk.
J. A. Folger <SX Co.
- Established half a Cantorr
San Francisco
iPADTCD'd CtTCE SICK HEADACHE.
LAKItnO ; £ . .*. «
¦Iittle Genuina Must Bear
TlVER Fac-Simils Signature
H PILLS. s? _^ _
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
Fine Stock of Old and New Violins.The twenty-two ton bell at the Sacre
Coeur Church in Paris is tolled by.elec
tricity. • A i single choir boy- can ] do the
work which formerly took five men.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.—Sidney,Dil
lon, the famous sire of Lou- Dillon,
was sold to-day at- the" 'Old Glory
horse sale for $9000. He was bought
by Sterling R. Holt,* of Indianapolis
and was shipped East from Santa
Rosa, Cal., the Santa Rosa stock farm
being: the consignors
Small Price for Sidney Dillon.
Third race, six furlongs — Ruska won. Nan
nie Hodge second, Icewater third. Time, 1:14
Fourth race, one • mile — Ulda Leib won!
Florence Fonso second, Tattenham third: Time,
Fifth race, six ..furlongs — Darthula won,
Weberflelds second.- Omella third. ' Tim«'
1:15ft. - / » ' v . . -
Sixth -race.' one mile— Rachael Ward won,
MafaMa ' second. Bank Street third. Time
Cumberland Park Racing.
t NASHVH-LE. Nov. 23.— Cumberland Park
racing results: ¦ '»
First race, five furlonjrs— Korea won, Floria
C second, Lamplight third. Time, 1:0254.
Second race, six furlongs— April Showers
won. -Ben Voile 'second, Glendon third. Time,
1:15*4. . . '
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3.— The scene
that followed to-day's game ¦was the
wildest that ever .took place on the
local grounds. The chief feature of
the game was the questionable deci
sions against the local te.am by Umpire
Brown. As a result Brown was slapped
in the face by^ Flood in the second
inning, knocked down by Frank
Chance at the end of the eighth, when
the game was called on account of
darkness, and almost mobbed by a
crowd of several hundred. The .trouble
began in the second inning, when
Flood slapped Brown in the;face with
his glove and was sent to the bench.
, , After' the -game the crowd Bwarmed
on the field and surrounded Brown,
Los Angeles Players nnd Fans Nearly
- Kill Tom Brown.
UMMRE MOBBED AND BEATKX.
The "event of the. evening" in sport
ing circles last ¦', night was '"Spider"
Kelly's ball at Mechanics* Pavilion. To
many it is an event which' will be long
remembered. The sporting fraternity
turned out en masse and some served
on the floor" as committeemen. Among
the participants* in the jollity of the
evening were seen ["many"^ of the major
and minor lights' in; pugilistic "circles.
The . crowd came early in the evening
and left during the morning hours.
The "Spider's" ball was pronounced, a
success by "the bunch." *'
"Spider" Kelly's Ball.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards
Sly. Bride won, JCult Blanche second. Ruby
Hemustead third. Time. 1 :48 2-5.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenth miles
Alster won. Ben -Crockett second, Dimwle
third. Time, 2:03 1-5.
Fourth race, one mile — Stolen Moments won.
Proceeds second, Brooklynite third.' Time
1:413-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Pancreatis won.
Gold Fleur second. Monacordor third. Time
1:151-5. .
First race, six furlongs — D'Arkle won. Blue
coat second. Poxy third. Time, 1:15.
Second race, seven furlong's — Queen Eliza
beth won. King Pepper second, Greencrest
third. Time, 1:29 1-5.
Racing at Bennings.
BENNINGS, D. C, Nov. 23.— Racing re
sults: ;V .'- , t v
After having a fall in' the first event
Bell had a close call in the race fol
lowing. He "had the. leg up. on Vel,
and his saddle' turned. For a time he
did a -midair act, eventually regaining
his seat ' 7
There will be a special boat to car
ry race goers back to the city at the
conclusion of the day's sport.- - .
tired, as did Frank Dever. "English
Bill" Jackman, I. Ham and Herman
Hoffman were the newcomers.
Clem Jenkins is here and" will prob
ably be seen in the saddle to-day.
Clem always conducted himself as a
perfect gentleman and has many
friends in California.
"Chub" Russell will ride Sea" Air
in the third event this afternoon.
W. O'B. Macdonough told. a friend
yesterday that he would present the
skeleton of Ormonde to the British
Museum. Mr. Macdonough made
presents of three of the hoofs of the
"horse of the century" to friends and
retains the other himself as a memen
to of the nnfortunate stallion.
Fred Burlew, one of the most prom
inent of .New York trainers, dropped
in from the East last evening. . Fred
handles the string of - : Newton Ben
nington and originally intended bring
ing a stable to California. He has
been widely complimented for the
skillful, manner in which he handled
Beldame, the queen of- the turf, dur
ing the last- season.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 23. — Tommy
Reilly and Jimmy Flynn to-night
fought eight fake rounds, it being un
derstood that if both men were on
their feet at the end the bout would
be declared a draw. The men almost
refused to fight because of the slim
crowd, butjwere finally induced to go
on after the crowd threatened- trouble.
The two men made hardly a pretensp
of fighting, sparring and clinching,
meanwhile exchanging remarks and
smiling i at each other, at one time
shaking hands. The crowd kept up a
continual cry of»fake and left the the
ater disgusted. The figh>t was held
under the auspices of /ie Montana
Athletic Club.
Fake Fight in Jlonfoina.
The Best Brownies <2et Is One Run
and Five Hits.
FRESNO, Nov. 23. — Tacoma's heavy
hJtting won to-day from Portland by a
score of 6 to 1. Overall did great
work, allowing only five hits. The fea
ture of the game was a long high hit
made by McLaughlin away out over
center. It was the longest hit ever
made on the field and McLaughlin
made the circuit easily. •. Score:
Tacoma — ' Portland —
AB.R. II. P.A. AB.n. H. P.A.
Doyle.rf.-5 2 2 1 1 Drenan.cf 3 0 0 2,0
Shehn.Sb 3 11 1 0 Mrdck.rf 3 0 0 0 0
Capey,2b. 3 0 1 36 Runkel.s 3 0 110
Xrdyk.lb 3 0 1 13 0 Heck,:ib.. 4 0 1 4 1
Lynch.cf 4 O 0 1 1 Frary.c. 4 O O,O.l
' Raymer.s 4 0 0 0 0rSpencr,2b It 01 2 4
McLln.lf 4 3 8 0 0Nadau,lf 4 O O 2 O
Graham, c 3 0 0 8 OlKelky.lb "3 117 0
Overall. p 4 12 0 4 Strkell.p 4 0 10 3
Totals. XJ G 10 27^12 Totals. 31 1 5 24 9
RUNS AND «HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 2 0 2 1 0 1 x— 6
Base hits 0 0 31 3 1 O » x— 10
Portland O 0 OO O 0.0 1 O—l
Base hits 0 0 0 0 10 2 2 0—5
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Doyle. McLaughlin 3. Errors
— Casey, Nadeau. Home run — McLaughlin.
Left on ba?es — Tacoma S, Portland S. Bases
on balls — Off Overall 5, off Starkeli 4. Struck
out — By Overall 7. by Starkcll it. Hit by
pitcher — Graham. Passed ball — Graham. Time
of game— 1 hour, ar.d 40 minutes. Umpire —
Perrlne. .
gathered here are an indication. About
five hundred horses are stabled at the
track and many more are expected
within the next month;
To-morrow's card is made up of six
races, the feature of which is the Open
ing handicap at one mile, with $1000
added. This stake has a score of t en
tries, with probably a dozen starters.
Following are the entries for to-mor
row:
First race, eix furlongs, purse — Tender Crest
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 23.— Ascot
Park will open its gates to-morrow for
a 3eason of 111 days' racing. The pros
pects of a successful meeting and races
of a high class are bright if the num
ber and class pf the horses arft jockeys
and the crowds of Eastern racing men
105, Emperor of India 105. Judge Denton lf!8,
Tim Payne 10S, Gray Morn 109. Fustian 101),
The Major 112, Tuckett 112.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, purse — Fer de Lance 100. Barato 103
Tramotor 108, Cutter 113, Tyrolian 1KJ.
Third race, one mile, $1000 added,-. Opening
handicap — Los Angrelono 05. Gorgalette OS, Dia
mante !*", Ethylene 100, The Major 100, Prin
cess Tulane 1(13. R. L. Johnston 88. Saig 10S,
Flo Bob 110. Judge Denton l)!>. High Chancel
lor 121. (Johnston and Sals, Blutc entry; Den
ton and Chancellor, Morris entry.) \,
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling: — "McKee
109, 'Riceful 1C9, •Brick Fowler 112, »Dan Col
lins 114, Catalina 114, Leftnado 114. 'Sir Chris
topher 114, Interlude 1J4. 'Elfin King 117,
Bath beach 117. Agnes Mack 119, Pllon 119,
Miss Provo 119, Katherlne Enni» 110 Lou
welsea 119, James J. Corbett 122. »•
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles,' sell
ing- — »Phyz 98, 'Needful 100. 'Tryon 101. »ElIe
103, Hans Wagner 105, Cincinnatus 116. - •
Sixth race, 2C0 feet short of elx furlongs,
Slauson course. Belling— *Dorice 97, 'Toma
hawk 97, 'Durbar W, 'Great Mogul 102,
•Denzil 102, 'Scepter 104, Cloverton 105. Blue
rldge 107, Tarn O'Shanter 109. Mammon 110.
•Apprentice allowance.
Opening Handicap Attracts Stars
SAN MATEO.Nov.-23. — The first
drag hunt of the season will be held
to-morrow morning. The hunt will
start from Burlinsrame field at 10
o'olock and will end at the clubhouse
about noon. In the absence of Fran
cis J. Carolan, J. Downey Harvey will
•act as master.
The initial polo matc,h of the tour
nament was not held this afternoon,
but will be played Friday on the Bur
lingame field. An , unavoidable acci
dent occasioned the postponement.
The dance and dinner at the Country
Club scheduled for Friday night has
been postponed to Saturday night, the
2Cth,' when an exceptionally elaborate
affair -\ylll tie enjoyed. All is in readi
ness for the first day pony races to
be given on C. W. Clark's track*to
morrow afternoon:
Meet of the San Mateo Hounds.
ASCOT PARK TRACK OPEN
FOR AN EXTENDED SEASON
Killed by an Electric Shock.
Thomas Summerville. a laborer em
ployed by the United Railroads, for
merly residing at 1902 Greenwich
street, was instantly killed yesterday
by coming In contact with a live
wire carrying 500 volts. Summerville
was at work on Stanyan street opposite
the Park Hospital, removing one of
the iron poles which support over
head wires. While so employed the
pole tilted and came in contact with
an electric light. Summerville was
struck down. He was taken Into the
hospital, where Dr. C. F. Millar pro
nounced life extinct. ,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. — Miss
Alice Roosevelt solved this afternoon
the problem of how to pick winners.
At the Bennings race track, where she
was a visitor, she placed two bets and
won $66. Miss Roosevelt's two win
ners were Sly Bride and Alster, which
won the fifth and sixth races, respec
tively. She had $10 on each horse.
It was Miss Roosevelt's first visit
to the race track here since the meet
ing began. Accompanied by a few
friends she drove out to the grounds
In a carriage.
MISS ROOSEVELT "CASIFES"
ON TWO BEXXIXGS RACES
A little three-year-old girl was left
at the home of Mrs. Mary Mansfield,
211 Fourth street, last Tuesday even
ing by an unknown woman. The
stranger told Mrs. Mansfield that the
girl was not her child and asked Mra.
Mansfield to take-care of the young
ster. Mrs. Mansfield communicated
with the police and asked them to find
the child's parents. After an investi
gation it was found that the little
one's father Is Cyrus Ferris, a soldier
in the Thirteenth Infantry. The case
has been put in the hands of Secre
tary M. J. White of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
Parents Desert Their Child.
First race, six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up. selliny. ) '
7449 Lady Kent (Wellman) 110 1
(7U2)»Matt Hogan (Magrane) ..-. ,,..108;
745a 'Colonel » Van (Fountain) H'
7151 'Reeves (Lamasney) Ill
7430 Joe Frey (Schorr) :.. 110
71"5 Dr. Sherman (Hoppas) HO
7415 Clausus (Kyan) 113
742(5 Albemarle (Quinlan) ;107
0037 'Sad Sam (Green) I:......... .108
Second rac*. one mile and fifty yards.' three
year-olds ond up, sellinGT. .
(7."tO:5)Ulla (Webb) 101
(742S)»Bab (Cahill) 100
744* *Vulcaln (Kzell) W>
74:J7 'Waterspout (R. A. Smith) Ul
74."2 Gaucho (Garden City Stable) ...10O
742<! Scherzo (Pueblo Stabl?) ..1C3
7454 '•Dungannon ¦ (Knebelkamp) 05
745.5 Oscar Tolle (Kiunder & Burns) 101
7m J. V. Klrby (Strobel) 101
7154 •Tannhauser (Hayes) '•• "I
7419 Miss Culver (Van Bokkelin) ....101;
Third race, six furlongs, handicap for two
year-olds.
~V,S Hooligan (Fountain) 1C6
71.18 Hilverskin (Brlnkworth) IW
748K Sea Air (McLaughlin) 104
7150 Phalanx (Moormead Farm) 102
7417 Alone (Summers) ort
(7425)Sea Voyage (Miller) 1O«
74.17 Rossbourne (Wright) ' (> l
0<;22 The Mist (Hammond) 112
Fourth race, one and an eighth -miles. th«
Thanksglvinfr handicap, $2000 added, three
year-olds and vp:
(7404)Gold Money (Jennings) Ill*
7440 Barklyite (Fine) 105
7440 Bombardier (Skinner) 10S
744« Colonel Anderson (McLaughlin) 105
(7440)Kcssil (Parker & Twaites) 114
7404 Leila (R. A. Smith) ' 100
7404 Ananias (Schorr) : 103
(7454)Elllott (Daly) H-'J
74C4 Claude (Daly) 123
7434 Arcade (Jennings) 1W5
Fifth race. Futurity course, three-year-olds,
purse:
7301 Harka, (Wellman) ;.1O9
7405 Rowena (Gaylord) 103
7451 The Lieutenant (Stover) 103
0341 Hugh McGowan (Rowell) 100
7443 Darksome (Touhey) 103
7440 Gateway (Clark) 100'
7423 Military Man (Ferguson) 10G ;
7314' Maxtress (Clifford) J0«
7200 Instructor (Needmore stable)' 7112
7447 Captain Forsee (New England stable). 10«
7451 H. L. Frank (Cameron) 103
7451 Standard (McAlester) .' 103
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, four
year-oMs and up, Felling:
7453 »E1 Piloto (Hoag) 102
7452 'Silurian (Lamasney) 95
(7415)'Mountebank (Keating) 102
744f> Melsterslmjer (Henshall) 103
745:j The Fretter (O'Rourke) 10(5
7454 Flying Torpedo (F.sell) 103
7449 'Penzance (Stover) OS
•Apprentice allowance.
who was engaged in an exchange of
compliments with Frank "Chance.
Chance hooked- a terrific left to
Brown's face, cutting his cheek badly
and sending him staggering against a
bystander. Brown attempted to fight
back, but another left on the Jaw sent
him to his knees. He grasped Chance
about the legs and at this moment two
policemen ended hostilities.
The two policemen took Brown by
the arms and started with him for the
gate. The mob was frantic and cush
ion seats were thrown at the umpire,
more than one striking him in the
back. The jam became so fierce that
the officers rushed Brown into the
ticket office and stood with their backs
against the door. Manager Morley
asked the crowd to disperse, but it was
ten minutes before the police ventured
out with the umpire. Finally he was
surrounded by officers and escorted to
Main street, followed by more than
200 men, hooting and jeering. Score:
Los Angeles— | Seattle—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.IL H. P.A.
Rrnard.cf 10 0 1 oK'anll.cf. 5 0 0 4 0
Hrshr.cf. 2 0 11 0Mohler.2b 5 0 0 4 1
Ross. If... 4 0 0 1 ot.Smh.rf 4 10 10
Flood.Sb 1110 llFrlsk.lf.. 5 2 2 10
J.Smh.Sb 3 3 2 2 2Blkshp.c. 5 2 15 3
Chnce.lb 4 1 2 10 2Delhty.3b 5 1 2 1 O
Crvth.rf. 4 1 2 2'0Fremn,lb3 2 2 6 0
Chs.lf-2b 4 111 2R.Hall.*. 4 3 3 2 3
Toman,!. 4 111 4Shields.p. 0 0 0 0 0
Sples.c... 4 115 lWUms.p. 2 0 10 0
Baum.p.. 30002 '
Totals 33 11 11 24 7
Totals 34 f> 11 24 12
Gahie called In eighth inning on account of
darkness.
RUNS? AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Loa Anjrelea 1 1 1 0 0 2 3 1—9
Base hits 1 110 0 2 4 2—11
Seattle » 3 1 0 0 2 4 1— U
Base hits ..0 2 1 1 0 "3 3 1—11
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Chance. Cravath. Toman. C. 1
Smith. Krrors — Chase. Tcman, R. Hall. Wll
: liams. Home runs — Frisk. Cravath. Three
base hit — R. Hall. Two-base hits — Freeman,
Toman. Delehanty. Sacrifice hit — Cravath.
First base on errors — Los Angeles 2. Seattle 2.
Left on bases — Lcs Angeles *5. Seattle, 7.
Bases on balls — Off Shields 3. off Baum 3. off
Williams 2. Struck out — By Shields 1. by
Baum 1, by Williams 4. Wild pitches —
Shields 2 Williams. Hit by pitcher — Chance.
J. Smith." Time of pame — Two hours and 15
minutes. Umpire — Brown. - •.*:,:
W. T. Snyder, formerly of Sacra
mento, was found in a room at 19
Eddy street yesterday forenoon suf
fering from gas asphyxiation. He was
removed to the Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Pawlicki administered Dr.
Hill's late remedy, peroxide of hydro
gen, but in this case the modern rem
edy failed to act as it had when Dr.
Hill applied It on a recent occasion.
The condition of Snyder is precarious
and his chances of recovery are re
mote. It is thought by some of his
friends that the man had contem
plated taking his life, as he showed
symptoms of melancholy, brought on
by trouble.
Poisoned With Gas.
Four favorites were knocked off the
perch at Oakland yesterday, but there
were other falls besides the header
taken by the talent.
Lady Rowell and Wandering Boy,
two starters in the opening event,
mixed it with the dust, but both Bell
and little Moran. their respective rid
ers, escaped injury. In the last race on
the programme Ocyrohe, the favorite,
•went down with 1 itzpatrick about a
furlong from the stand. The Coffey
stable jockey narrowly escaped serious
injury. As it was, the unlucky rider
got off with a wrenchf-d back and a
flight scalp wound. The fields wore an
open look, and it was one of the best
betting sessions of the meeting.
FLANFAR A GOOD REPEATER.
Flaneur, which won a purse on the
preceding day, proved a good repeater
by coming right back and taking the
opening event at odds of 9 to 10. It
was a fortunate win unquestionably,
for Karabel went the longest route and
then only lost the decision by a head.
Myrtle H, a 30 to 1 shot, ran third.
J. C. Nealon's Entre Nous showed to
be pounds the best of the ten starters
in the scramble for maiden two-year
old fillies. Helgesen. who had the mount,
left the barrier pulling up through be
ing cut off, and then the young miss
skirted her field and downed the 60 to
1 shot, Lily Golding, half a length. Ma
cene, another outsider, nosed out Glen
dene for show honors. The winner
ruled a warm favorite.
Neither Bob Itagon, the favorite, nor
George P. McNear, the second choice,
cut much of a figure in the Futurity
course selling run for two-year-olds.
"Big Bill" Knapp got away in the lead
with Yada, a 12 to 1 chance, tiptoeing
the bunch from start to finish. Corn
Blossom, a 7 to 1 outsider, with W. Da
vis in the saddle, dropped in three
lengths before the first choice, which
was piloted by Mickey McLaughlin.
EVEA G A WIXXER.
Resorting to figures it was difficult
to separate Evea G and. Heather
Honey, still the lafter mare had a pro
nounced call in the betting. Fitzpat
rick got Evea G away in front and,
stalling off the challenge of Frank Sul
livan astride the favorite, at the .end
finished first by three-fourths of a
lengrth in l:48Vi- Helgesen landed Allo
path in third pJace.
Vic Gilbert more than won Whoa Bill
out by the colt's clever run of the six
furlong sprint. T-he odds about the son
of Yrr El Rey went from 2% to 4%; In
a hard drive "Big Bill" Knapp placed
him over the plate a neck before the
post favorite. Sterling Towers. Doublet
lost the show to Scotsman by a neck.
If Ocyrohe, favorite for the conclud
ing mile selling affair, bad a chance it
was ruined by the celt falling about a
furlong from th» stand. The winner
turned up in Bob Smith's Mindano,
backed from 6 to 4. which easily defeat
ed the pacemaker. Red Cross Nurse.
North West ran an indifferent third.
TRACK XOTES.
Seventeen bookmakers weighed in.
Koenigsberj; and Johnny Lyons re-
Last night Coffroth started after
Britt, but has not yet succeeded in
getting the latter to make 130 pounds
at 6 o'clock. Corbett says he will not
meet Britt under any other conditions,
while Britt avers that there is nothing
doing with him except at 132 pounds
or over. If Coffroth can persuade
Britt to do 130 pounds the match i9
made. He will keep after James for
a day or two at least and hopes to
be successful.
Matchmaker Jim Coffroth of the
Yosemite Club has not yet given up
hope of matching Young Corbett to
box Jimmy Britt next month, pro
vided the former beats Battling Nel
son. Coffroth had a fatherly talk with
the Denverite yesterday and they
came to terms on all questions but
that delicate weight proposition.
Agrees to Every Clause Except the
Touchy Weight Question.
CORBETT MAY YET BOX BRJTT.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Heather, Honey. Is
Beaten Out by
Fleet Evea C.
The spectators who Journeyed to
Battling Nelson's training camp at
Larkspur yesterday were treated to a
regular boxing carnival. The main
event was a' grudge fight between
Young Corbett, the boxer, is not wor
rying over the weight question. So
confident is he that he will reach the
mark by Sunday that he. spent yester
day afternoon with a party of friends
and his trainers at Sutro Baths swim
ming. No gymnasium work was done
in the afternoon, though in the morn- i
ing he did the hardest day's road work !
since he started training. With Billy
Otts he left his training quarters at 10
o'clock in the morning and they did
not return until 1 o'clock. More than
fifteen miles were covered.
Trainer Tuthill says Corbett weighed
136 pounds before he *-er.t on the road.
He is certain his charge was reduced
two pounds when he returned, as the
perspiration was rolling oft! him.
From the appearance of the Denver
ite he should reach the weight without
using any unusual exertions the last
day of training. His trainer says he
has mapped out a course of work for
the Denver lad that will bring him to
weight on Sunday evening. The fol
lowing two days will be devoted to
light exercise to keep his muscles in
trim. Tuthill says there will be no
chasing in. from the Cliff House behind
an automobile on the night of the fight.
This afternoon 'Corbett will resume
boxing. He will have Jack Johnson,
Jim Hayward and Billy Otts as spar
ring partners. Each day from now un
til Sunday considerable time will be
??ent on the road and in the gymna
sium.
Nelson was on the ro. 1 for fourteen
miles in the morning. After being
rubbed down he took his gun and went
in quest of quail.
Smiling Metzner and Gloomy Gus. the
man who keeps the peace at Larkspur.
The match was scheduled to go six
rounds, but at the conclusion of round
one both men quit. Referee Nelson
called all bets off. as he thought the
fight was fixed.
Battling Nelson then took on Eddie
Santry. Frank Rafael and Stockings
Kelly for two rounds e. ~h.
The bouts were all fast and furious
and much gore was spilled on both
sides.
First • race^ — Matt Hoffan, Sad Sam,
nloe Frey.
Second race — Bab, Waterspout, J.
V. Kirby.
Third race^ — The Mist, Phalanx,
Hooligan. '*\
Fourth race— Daly • stable, Gold
Mom;y, Fossil.
Fifth race— Military Man, H. Ii.
Frank,- Rowena.
Sixth race^ — 3Ieistersinger, Mounte
bank, El Piloto.
BY FRED E. MULHOLIiAXD.
Takes on Eddie Santry, Frank
Rafael and Kelly.
OAKLAND — Wednesday, Nov. 23, 1904. Weather fine. Track fast.
74W. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selllne; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index j Horse and Owner. IWtJStVJ^ V*- %• Str. Fin. i Jockey. | Op- Cl.
(7449) 'Flaneur. 0 (Bianehi & McG)jlO7J 5 ... 5 % 3 n 2 n In F. Sullivan] 0-10 »-10
7437 'Karnbel. a cBottser & Har) 1<*<! 4 ... (l',i 6 2 5 2 2 ?; Sherwood .. -i l<-p
74:» iMyrtle H, 5 (Mrs. Hertzel):. !K)| 1 ... 3 n 4 1» ?i 3 h Fitzpatrick 20 30
•5711 iKubelik. 4 (Santa Fo Stb) . . 115 1* ... 1 n 1 2 1 IVi* 2 Domlnick .. 10 M
7431 1Mls« M. Bow-dish. 8 (Blsgm) 100 10 ... S 2 7 n 6 1 5 2 Crosswalte 15 -O
7424 lEthel G, 3 (E. Belmont) 98 3 . . . 4 1»£5 u, 4 n t! 5 McLaughn « 1.*
7441 'Innsbruck, 4 (1'. E. Smith).. 107 7 .?. 2 1^2 1 7 3 7n Vlckery ... 1» jO
7020 IDandie Belle 8 (Winter & J) 112 9 .... 7 2H« 3 8 3 S 2"i|AIarie lo 30
KJ77 ILedus. 6 iTate & Ryan) 113 8 ... 9 n 10 HDIi iTullett .... « * 20
I Walnut Hill. 3 (Stevtns & Son) 103 6 ... 10 9 2 10 10 |BentIey 20 60
7436 ILady Rowcll. 4 (Elmwood Fm)]104 Fell IBell -JO 40.
73Stf I Wandering Boy. S <Moran) 1107 Fell |Moran oO 100
Time — :24%, :40H. 1:15. At post V» minute. Off at 2:14. Flaneur, place, 2-6; show, 1-5.
Karabel, place. 7-10; show. 1-3. Myrtle H. show. 6. Winner, br. g. by Bramble-Prom
enade. Trained by O. A. Biancbl. Start guod. Won in a drive of three. Flaneur en-
Joyed best racing: luck or Karabel would have won. Myrtle H cut off near the paddoct
or she might have beaten both. Kubelik quit. May Bowdish came from far back. Ktlie.
G won't do. Innsbruck showed some speed, but sulked.
7450. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; purse; maiden two-year-old flllles; value to first, $325
Index I Horse and Owner. WtjSt. Y*- »4. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! cT
7417 j Entre Nous (J. C. Nealon) 1081 6 ... 4 1HS « J 2 1 '.£ Helgesen ... 11
742.-1 |Lily Goldlng «J. T. Collins) 103 1* ... 2 I*j2 n 1 >4 2 1»4 Alvarado .. 20j 60
7425 IMacene (L,. H. Ezell) 108 7 ... 3^4 IV,* 2 3 ns Anderson .. 15 40
7444 IGkndcne (Summers & Co) 108 B ... 1 ft 1 1)4! n 4 2(5 Mcl^aughln 2 2
7125 Babow (T. G. Ferguson) 1C« 4 ... 5 4 6 6 5 8 5 10 W. Davis.. « 5
74OS |Tarcoola Belle (Miller & Co).. 103 3 ... 8 2 6 4 « 3 6 2 W. Knapp. 30 -JO
Sancra (R. T. Owen) 103 8. ..10 74 76 7C Crosswaite 20 40
C3«7 Abba (Alhambra Stable) 1O.T,1O ... 7 h 9 10 8 4 82 J.T. Sheehn . 30 50
7408 Sun Rose (Appleby & Co).... 1031 9 ... 9 4 '8 3 9 10 0 10 Kunz 20 40
C7S4 Vel (Hamilton & Co) jlO4] 2 ... C 2 10 10 10_ Bell _._. ._..¦.. _ 30 _C0
Time — :24 :iOV*. l:02>4. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:42. Entre. place, 2-5: out show. Gold
;ng, place. 20; show, 6. Macene. show, «. Winner, ch. f. by Salvation-Installntrlx.
Trained by J. C. Nealon. ri;art tocti. Won In a hard drive of four. Winner an 1'our
the best. *Helges*n went away from pest pulling up. Lily Golding has speed and a:» :he
race was run micht lave woa .v!th 0 stronger finisher up. Gleniene jjrew weary.
Babow better on .1 h«»vv track. Cthfrs no account.
7457. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; 2-year-olds; selling; value to first.' ?325.
Index!"" Horse and Owner. WtlSt. (4. »fc. % . Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
~7T|Yada (W. Cahill)... 104 3 ... 1 1^1 1^1 2^1 1%'|W. Knapp. 6 10
7411 Corn Blossom (H. E. Rowell). 103 1 ... 2 h 2 4 2 1^2 3 IW. Davis.. 5 7
7427 Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.).. 10.1 fi ... 5 4 4 2«43 3 3 2 |McI>aughIn 8-5 9-5
V.axnar rR. A Smith) I 1»7 <> ... 6 1%5 2%-* 3 4 8 IGreenfleld . 10 11
7401 [George P. McNear (H. Stover)|109 4 ... 4 1 3 n 5 4 5 3 |F. Sullivan. 2 2
(74CS)' Princess Zula (Lagoria & F.)!l03 2 ... 3 2%« 4 «4 £ 1»4| Anderson .. 15 25
74r:2 lltossbourne (E. Wright) 1 108 S ... 7 2 7 2^75^2 IKunz 10 . 30
6718 iDing Dong II (Elmwood Farm)!101 7 ... 8 8 8 8 |J.T.Sheehan _30_100
Ti me _ : 24«.i. :4S^. 1:11. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 3:11>4. Yada. place, 3; show. 6-5.
Corn Blossom 'place, 5-2; show. 4-5. Bob Ragon, show, 1-4. Winner, b. c. by Odd Fel
low-Nellie Mack. Trained by W. Cahill. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving.
Yada blew In from the St. Louis merry-go- round and made good. Corn ni03som ran a
becoming race. Bob Ragon can do better on a muddy track. .Maxnar requires strong
handling. The same applies to McNear. He would not extend himself for Sullivan.
7458. FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; 4-year-olds up; sell.; val. to first, $325.
index] Horse and Owner. [WtlSt. V* . \~. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
74*SiEvea G. 5 (Mrs. Coffey) |~98 2 111 l'/ 2 l % 1 2&1 % iFitzpatrlck* 5-2 S
7442 IHeather Honey, 4 (Austin) 95 5 2 '4 3 % 2 n 2 n 2 IVilF. Sullivan. 6-5 1
7445 (Allopath 5 (Lamasney Bro3.)|107 6 5 h 5 1^5 2'i4 1%3 n Helgesen .. 4 6
7424 IMaJor Tennv. 5 (Piedmont S.)ilO»| 4 3 n 2 n 4 % P. 2 4 4 W. Davis.. « «
7302 !Morengo, a '(Maryland Stable.) 10O| 7 4 1%4 2 3 % 5 2 5 3>J W. Knapp. 50 60
744S JAchilles. 5 (J. J. McCabe) S*".>| 3 « S 8 2 7 5 6 14 6 4 'McBrlde ... 30 40
7437 'Monia. 4 (L. H. Ezell) 95 1 7 n 8 8 8 7 3 IBarrett .... 60-100'
7431 Illermencia, a (W. Cahill) 98! 88 73«n728 IMcLaughln 15 30
Tin,,. :257~:49*i. 1:15%, 1^2, l:48Vi. At pest 2 minutes. Off at 3:34. Evea. G, place, 1;
show 1-2. Heather Honey, place, 2-5; show, 1-0. Allopath, show, 1-2. Winner, ch. m.
by Juvenal-Sister Geneva. Trained by J. Coffey. Start good. Won In a hi-rd drive of
four. Fitzpatrick made an excellent race on winner, outriding Sullivan on the favorite
through the stretch. Allopath did -her best. Major Tenny should have been third. Mo
rengo rans for the O'Brien brother*.
7459. FIFTH RACE^ — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. JWtlSt.U. %. %. Str. "Fin. | Jockey, j Op. Cl.
74C7~ Whoa BUI. 3 <V. Gilbert) 1103 5 ... 5 1%3 2%2 2VJ1 n IW. Knapp .1 5-2 9-2
7447 iSter. Towers, 5 (Stockton eta.)i 99 3 ... 1 l«il 1^1 n 2 3 McLaughin 3 2
744.1 (Scotsman, 4 (Brlnkworth Co.) 104 6 ... 6h 4^52 3n [Anderson .. ft - 7
7412 Doublet, a «D. S. Fountain). 103 1 ... 3 % 52 3 n 4 1>4IL.. Fountain :{ ¦ 5
(73!>9) .Nullah, a (G. S. McKenzie).. 107 2 ... 2 V2 »i 4 h 5 2%|W. Davis.. I 4 6
74:15 ISugden, a (J. Sturgeon) 113 4 ... 4h 6^6n 0 2 ITullett 10 20
7412 I A. Carey. 4 (Fleur de Lls).. 112 8 ... 7n 7n"n 7n . Alarie 10 25
7453 'Hipponax. a (A. C. Dean).. 112 7 ... 86 84 80 88 Holbrook ... 10 25
0534 jSalntly.a (T. Crowe & Co.).. 115] 9 ... 9 9 9 9 Domlnick .. 10 15
Time. :24, :4Si;. 1:14>;.- At post 2»4 minutes. Oft at 4:02V4- Bill, place. 2; show. 1. Towers,
place. 4-5; show. 2-5. Scotsman, «how, 1. Winner, b. c. by Yo El Rey-Maintop. Trained
by V. Gilbert. Scratched — Aunt Polly, Dotterel, Bell Reed, Joe Frey. Start good.
Won in a hard drive of four. Whoa Bill did not bleed this trip and Knapp did the rest.
Scotsman ran his race. Doublet pocketed on the rail throughout. He was best. Nul
lah might have won with less weight up. Sugden won't do. Don't overlook Alice
Carey in a cheaper bunch. Saintly looked like a prize bull at a country fair and was
fit to run across Market street. - '
74OO. SIXTH RACE^ — One mile; selling; three-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. WtjSt. 14. *&. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! cT!
6619 Mindanao (R. A. Smith) 109] 5 4 »; 4 14 4 h In 11 |Larscn 6 4
74X1 Red C. Nurse. (D. A. Ross).. 100 [ 2 SI 1(41 li 1 lt$2 3 2 4 IW, Knapp . 11-5 14-5
(7433) North West (Clifford & Co.).. 104] 6 6 n 5 3143 V, 3 n 3 4 |R. Butler .. 2 5
7431* I Instrument (Baird & Co.) ICO 3 ~4 n 2 1%2 n 4 6 4 l'^IUeed 20 40
7452 jPlay Ball (M. J. .Daly) 100 4 5 % 6 1 6 3 5 5 5 15 W. Daly .. 20 30
7431 Ledatrlx (Elmwood Farm)... 85 7 7 7 7 6 « F. Sullivan 30 1C0
7429 iOcyrohe (Mrs. J. Coftey) 101| 13 3 3 n 5 6 Fell Fitzpatrick j 2 13-10
Time, :25, :49%. 1:14^. 1:41%. At post \V* minutes. Off at 4:25. Mindano. place, S-5; show,
3-5.' Nurre, place, 7-10; show, 1_3. ' West, show. 1-2. Winner b. g. by St. Andrew.Il
luminatlng. Trained by R. A. Smith. Start good. Won in a gallop. Next two driving.
Mindanao had worked well and ran to clocking. Red Crops Nurse ran her race. North
West can do better. with any sort of handling. Ocyrohe looked all in when he fell.
W. L. Pct.i W. L. Pet.
Tacoma '...:. 81'48 .570 Seattle 52 54 .401
Los Anyeles..B8 45 .554 Pan Fran'co..50 52 .400
Oakland 09 48 .55l|Portland 38 <59 .343
1 The Oakland team is suffering from
a return attack of that ancient com
plaint that made tramps but of them
in the early part of the season, name
ly, yellow- streak. With the pennant
still in view the Commuters laid down
yesterday at Recreation Park to the
Seals. They quit before they were
half beaten. Score — San Francisco, 7;
Oakland, 3.
There was no reason why they did
not give the Seals a run,' even if it was
their fortune to get a beating. This
they refused to do, barring one inning,
when they ch.ased two runs in and
even then quit with two still on the
sacks and one out. To be sure they
did suffer from a little hard luck, but
this calamity might have been over
come by some rattling baseball which
the team is capable, of playing.
It was no fault of Moskiman's that
the Commuters lost, for he pitched
good enough' ball to win nine out of
ten games. "Brick" Devereaux started
the run getting with a glaring error
and after that time the team was not
itself. Byrnes executed a couple of
wide tosses, but the men in the field
refused to go after the thrown balls
and they both 'let in runs.
San Francisco started right away in
the second inning after two had been
chased. Anderson bit off a Texas
Leaguer between Francks and t)un
lcavy. Gochnauer was passed and
Wilson's drive filled the sacks. Barber
clouted an easy bounder to Devereaux,
who booted the ball around and then
hung his head. Van Buren's swing to
center brought in one more tally.
Oakland came back with one in the
next round on Byrnes' single, a sacri
fice by Stark and Francks' long fly.
The Seals celebrated the third period
with another pair, this time on errors
and bad plays by the Oakland infield.
Stark sent in two for Oakland during
the fifth with a timely three-bagger
out to the flagpole. After that Oak
land never raised her head and the
Seals managed to entice three more
through.
Ganley was out of the game and
Stark took his place in the right gar
den. ..Byrnes hurt his hand in the
eighth and Stark came in behind^the
bat. There will be two games to
day — the first at Oakland at 10 o'clock
and the second at the Eighth-street lot
at 2:30 o'clock. If Oakland expects to
figure as a champion team it will have
to take the next six games from the
Seals and the chances for that look
gloomy indeed. The score:
Oakland — San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Frnks, « 4 O O 2 2VnBn.lb 4 O 1 10 2
Dunlvy If 4 O 0 1 0 Hldbd, If 3 0 0 1 O
Schfly.2b 4 0 0 1 5M«»«ny,rr 4 0 0 2 0
Kruper.cf 4 0 0 10 Irwln. 3b 4 1-1 3 0
Streib, lb 4 0 1 It O.Waldn, cf 4 2 13 0
Dcvrx. 3b 3 110 0|Andsn.2b 3 2 1 13
Byrnes, c 3 2 2 1 liGochnr, s 3 2 3 3C 3
Mskmn. p 2 0 0 3 4 Wilson, c 3 0 1 31
Strk.rf&c 2 0 14 0 Barber, p 4 0 0 1 1
Grahm.rt 0, 0000
_ . Totals.32 7 8 27 10
Totals.30 3 5 24 12
' RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland O 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 0 1 1 0 3 0 0 0 0— 5
San Francisco ..0 22 0 20 0 1 x — 7
Base hits 03202001 x— 8
/ SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Byrn«s, Waldron, Anderson.
Errors — Devereaux (2), Byrnes (2). Francks.
Dunleavy. Three-base hit — Starks. Two-base
hits — Gochnauer. Irwln. Sacrifice, hits — Stark.
Wilson. First base on errors — San Francisco
3. First base on called balls — Oft Barter 1, oft
Mosklman 3. Left on bases — San Francisco 4,
Oakland 2. Struck out — By Barber 1, by Mos
klman 1. Time of Rame — One hour and 35 mln
'utes. Umpire — McDonald.
OVERALL STAKS IN THE BOX.
STANDING OK THE CLUBS,
Commuters Have Seemingly
Quit and Are Now About
All In as Flag Winners
OLD TROUBLE RETURNS
NELSON IS VERY ACTIVE
Ocyrolie Falls and
Rider Is Badly
Shaken Up.
SAN FKANCISCO CALL'S RACING F0R3I CHART
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE TO RUN
IN THE MONEY
Seals Experience but Lit
tle Difficulty' in Get
ting Runners Over Pan
JOCKEY FITZPATRICK
HAS NARROW ESCAPE
YOUNG CORBETT
WORKING HARD
OAKLAND GOES
DOWN AND OUT
TACOMA LEADS
IN THE PENNANT RACE FOR SECOND HALF OF THE SEASON
WHILE LOS ANGELES AND OAKLAND ARE FALLING TO THE REAR
JTHE- SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 24. 190-f.
10
APVERTISEMEXTS.
Altoona, Pa., June 20, 1903.
I was afflicted with Tetter in bad shape.
It would appear in blotches as large as mr
hand, a yellowish color, and scale off.
You can imagine how offensive it was.
For twelve years I was afflicted with this
trouble. At night it was a case of scratch
and many times no rest at all. Seeing the
good the medicine was doing a fnend
who was taking it for Eczema, I com-
menced it, and as a result the eruption be-
gan to dry up and disappear, and to-day
I am practically a well man. Only two
tiny spots are left on the elbow and shin,
where once the whole body was affected.
I have every confidence in the medicine,
and feel sure that in a short time these
two remaining spots will disappear.
S. S.S. is certainly a great blood puri-
fier, and has done me a world of good.
I am grateful for what it has accom-
plished, and trusi*That what I have said
will lead others who are similarly afflict-
ed to take the remedy and obtain the
same good results that I have. •
125 East Fifth Ave. John F. Leak.
While washes, soaps, salves and powders
relieve temporarilv, they do not reach the
real cause of the disease. The blood must
be purified before the cure is permanent.
S.S.S. contains no potash, arsenic or min-
eral of any description, but is guaranteed
S>SjK. >eg«K purely vegetable.
i£«S| £&%& Send for our book
§§T §i£ on the skin and its
eg, Mk diseases, which is
Tgjfo. >3V mailed free. Onr
P^wvgr eS»£w an y who write us
The SwIJt Ssecific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
eoo««e*©ooe0«ec©o©oe»«e»o©«oooo«oooo©oooe©oi
I A ™£ Mill!
9 . ™MaEE?¥ifflW&&Wm*P mend it to my friends and do every-
q thing I can to show them that it is much cheaper in the long run
© than taking medicine. I jnclose the address of one friend of mine
• .who is always doctoring and never gets better. I advised him to eet
• a belt, but he does not like to pay the price. I showed him that it
w was much cheaper to buy»a sure cure even if the price was more
j than he pays for medicine, because he is buying medicine all the
q time, and it amounts to a great deal more than the belt would cost "
• I dont want money tn»t I don't earn. I dont need it and &™ »«•
• after It. But I am after tae dollars taat are now ffolaa- »n£,~ ?£*
9 quest of health, look at all those poor wrecks of hnSanl^thS S!
• spending; all they earn on drusrs— depe that is paralyziajTtoeir vttVi !£!
a srans— that have spent all they have earned for yean Trltnont J2EL^~
J pound of strensrtn for tie hundrels of dollars wasted? Wlia<mt **lam«> s
O "Electricity _ h jhe coming cure all," says the Saturday Evenin-
g Post. The work that I've been doing with my belt for - yelrf proves
2 that it cures all weakness, nervous and stomach troubles after Vn
0 ¦¦;. other remedies fail. * 'A: "
• Call to-day or write for my book, which will inspire you to be a
• strong.man. It tells howl do it. Free if you send this ad
J Hours 9 to 8, Sundays io to i.
| Pr. ML C. McLaughlin. 906 Market st;
g . . <<-*.; . 'Above Ellis. San FranetaoBfcCal.The Time Ball on the tower of the « Ferry
building wa» dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian; or at fe
p. m. Greenwich tlmej J. C BURNETT.', -
Lieutenant. , U. S. N., la 'charge.
Branch Hydrcgraphlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal .
November 23. 1904.
Time Ball.
Per etmr Pomo — On account of rough
weather, could not finish loading.
Ger ehto Slreae, bound from Liverpool, for
Valparaiso, has been taken from overdue list
as uninsurable.
SEATTLE. Nov 23 — Stmr City of Seattle run
en uncharted rock forty miles north of
Juneau; bole stove In hull, under port boiler
got off and run oa beach In safe position.
Memoranda.
•The bark Olympic eailed yesterday fo, H cn
«Julu witA aa assorted cargo, valued »t »~ k-<
Th* foJlcwlrjf were the prlnclpai Bhlnm».'T«
15V) tH* flour. 413 ctl« wheat. XSSI TflT bar '
Ury. CIS cx.U oats. 347 ctU corn. M.C70 lb* nld"
dJnr». 54.115 Ibi bran. 16C9 bales hay 5484?
lbs beans. 2735 cs assorted canned good* '745
<a 115 pk« ealacffl, 23.40C U» breail ••»: era
!bs lard, 1500 !b« butter. 334 gals 2ST cs "w'hi*.
Icy. 120 rs be*r. 140 c* mineral water 35 cs
fn. 19.355 gai!« 75 cs wine. 10 cs champagne
c» brandy. 23.CM Ib» cugar. 131 pkgi V£.
ceri«s and provisions 04 pkgs table prepara
tions^ " **•" ?b» chocolate, 277 pkgs past*. 1582
Its nnta. 101.0CO Ib* rice. 1C37 lbs peas. 65.000
.The steamer' Alay.eda. which eailed en Sat
pr4»y ior Hccoluhi. carried a general nwr
cjiar.^ise cargo \-alucd at J212.T90 and lnclud
icg the following:
bbls flour. « ctls wheat. 506 ctls barley.
1&S3 pkr» Tresh fruit*. 1345 pkgc potatoes. 220
jy.Ct «s!oes. 200 rk«* fns-sh vegetab!es. 14 771
rb* fr** o-at. »37 !b« Ire«n fi»h. 4*1 'lbs
Oeactd poultry. 13 pk«* frozen ovstore 10C4H
l%t 13 pkgs butter, 115 cs eges f>237 lbs <5
»..>C> lbs bread. c» aswoit-3 earned good*
a cf fcaV.rn* powder. 21. WO lbs co<ifl«h 17 f.l"
tb s dried tot. 475.', lbs 10 cs dried fruit . «75«
t*,t Ul bxs rai^ns. 0544 lbs 5 cs candy 11C
pk*» table preraraUone. 1172 !b» 1 0 choco-
Ih* dO bxs paste. V9ZZ 1b* 6 r.kfri. meals "47
r-JciTR rrcy.-eriF« end provision*. S1'7 Iba ea-i'i/
21&7 tt* nst». IZK7QO "b* rice. 2400 !b, « f
« Kils 11 cs srnjp. 9435 lbs tnigkr 20 cs 43
pkgs salmon. 2225 lb» 30 r-kgi 1 te» * SXW ra!«
fer« wl». C9S n& « ci whl.kv. 24« ga '
olriw, in cs rir. 21 cs ciiampagnr - c,
lfcuors. 2S plgrs beer, 3 cs tK.ni nfi v^t^
*? r - tZ^ 7 !, tb * I0 ° 1 nianufacturM t* b ac^
4^1 plcgs dry ro~J«. 23 « hat-., 300 cs borfcli
ksd «faoes. 4S bd.. brooms. =4 pk«
fcnd parti.. C2 bxs ca*dle*. CSO fkiAafr «W
yt* copper. 21 roll, leather. 211S Its f«S£i ics
Ml* C7 pe« Iron." 14 bdl* 118 pes MeV 70 bdl»
W pes pip* 17« eolis cordage, 150 pk« matrheV
1*1 pk* * <Jrje* and sundries. 40 pk« eiectri'
cal «uppH«, 129 gal. .leohoL U p"n »mi
an« aamwrJtloa. «5 cyls annnnr.ia 1 "« .^!
pap*r. 73 bale* paper bags. 255 pkrs calniS^
?p gals 111 Pkg. oils. 40 pk*s naTi 1 ££%
C2 Dkga mecMnerjr. wra "
Exports for Hawaii.
To Lca%c in Ballast.
' Th» Gfmtn *bip Eteir.bek proceed* la bal
Ia« to Newcastle. Auitralla.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YOHK— Arrived Nov 23 — Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon: Ftmr Finance, la tow of
etmr Yucatan, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived Nov 22— Br stmr
Emprer-s of Jai>an. from Vancouver.
Nov £3 — Stmr China, from San Francisco,
via Honolulu. Yokohama, etc.
GUAYAQUIL— failed Nov 4— Ger stmr Ha
thor..for Hatr.burr.
HAMBURG— Sailed Nov 1&— Br ship Thistle,
for San Francisco.
NOUMEA— Arrived Oct 2£— FT ship Helene
Blum, from Port BlJikeley. ,
SHANGHAI— Sailed Nov 14 — Br stmr Da
kotah. for San Francisco.
TENERIFFE — palled Nov 17 — Ger stmr
A«»uan, for San Franclaco.
NEWCASTLE, Al'S — In port Nov 4^ — Fr
bark Bcssuet, for Sail Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 2S— Stmr Re
public from Genca, Palermo and Naples: stmr
Calabria, lrom Naples: stmr Kbenlg Albert,
from Naples-
Sailed Nnv 23 — Stmr Majestic, for Liverpool;
stmr Oscar II. for Copenhagen; stmr Ryndam,
for Rotterdam.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr
Kaiser Wllhelm II. for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr
Oceanic, from New York, for Liverpool.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Cs'ov 23— Stmr
United States, from New York, for Christian
cand.
GENOA — Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Llruria. for
New York. : '^i
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. I pfeTT
November 34. { I
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports.| 5 pmJPier **7
£ hlco J Los Angeles Poruju £S Pier *2
Eureka Humboldt 9 ara'Pler VI
Pomona Humboldt ........ l-30 D lper n
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11
November 25. ,
llariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
S. Barbara. Lob Angeles Ports. 1 nrr'Pier •»
Jeanle | SeatUe & Tacoma. 5 pm'Pier "0
Pomo. Pt. Arena & Albion 8 pmiPler *•>
zrorember 26. | "
Breakwater, Coos Bay direct... 5-pm Pier 8
Argo Eel Kiver Ports 4 nm'pu P 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmlp ler 2
Coptic...... China & Japan.... 1 prn'p „ 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. U amlPlir 9
Peru. ...... N Y via Ancon. Jl2 m'pier 40
Aurelia Astoria & Portland! 4 pm'Pler »
Coronado. . . «">ys Harbor .... I 4 pmip.er 10
S.Pedro.... Lo' Angeles Ports.. 1 pmlpier "
Elizabeth.. I CoquiUe River .... 5 pmlPl"
Sequoia. ... 5 »"*Pa Harbor . . 12 m Pier 20
N. Fork. . . . Humboldt 9 am £ £ go
Homer [Grays Harbor iPler —
Barraccuta . 1 Corinto & Way... . lpi»r *o
JToveaiber 87. | i
Coos Bay... |ap Pedro & Way. I 9 am|Pier 11
Corona ; Humboldt . v ...J 1: 3o p Pier 0
S. Rosa !San Diego & Way.ju am'Pier 9
November 28. f 1
G. W. Elder Astoria A Portlacdill amlPifr 24
Rainier.... Seattle & Everett.; 4 pmJPier 10
GJLindauer Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Korember 30. I
G. Dollar... Gray* Harbor .... 4 p m 'pi«. r 10
Alliance.... (Eureka & Cooa B. .-> pmiPler 16
Arcata..... O«B.*PL Orfd 10 SSlMw 13
Arctic Hymboldt 3 am'Pler "
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier ll>
,-.¦*¦¦¦••./ December 1. 1
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ptx 2 pmtPier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Per 0
Memphis. . . Hamburg & Way. 12 m P er IS
Bonita...- Newport & .Way..| 9 am I Pier 11
- December 3. I 1
Korea .. China & Japan 1 pm] Pier 40
San Juan... Wi T. via Ancon.. 12 mlPler 40
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amfPter 24
December 6.' t
Queen P"^^,^?" 1 " 1 p orta. 11 amIPler 9
FROM SEATTLeT" ~ "¦
Steamer. Destination! ~~~ Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway * Way Ports. Nov. 24
Jefferson..... Ekagway &, Way Ports. Nov. 28
City Seattle . . Skagway & Way Ports . Nov. 28
Santa Ana . . . Seldovta^ & Way Ports. Dec. 1
"; The man ,who "does" his level best
¦ doesn't go down hill.'
A good thing Isn't always worth the
price.
The punt of the pigskin is heard in
the land.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant*.
Th«.*hip Ersklre M. Phelps 1* chartered for
•spar frcra Honolulu to Delaware Breakwater
fcr order*.
TO SAIL.
PARIS. Nov. 23. — A series of strike
In the Government arsenals and
powder factories at L'Orient. Brest and
Toulon is assuming menacing propor
tions. Five thousand strikers at Bres:
made a demonstration to-day and
there was much minor disorder. Large
forces of troops have been concentrated
at the various ports. The strikers in
clude arsenal telegraphers, thus inter
rupting jrovernmental dispatches.
Disorders Reported From Various
Places and Troops Sent : f~--..
Restore Quiet.
STRIKES IN ARSENALS
OF FRENCH GOVERN3IENT
\E\VS OF THE OCEAN*
T*i» Standard Oil Company's steamship Da
kcta left Shanghai yesterday for th'.s port. It
Ie «aM that ahe i? corair.g here to be converted
lr-to aa cil burner.
The Ncrw^zian Btearr.er ViVing left Astoria
j»*tf-riay for Tacotr-a. where she will load
«t*el ra'.:« tn T Jataa.
- Th» P*rite Mall Company** liner Korea.
Captain Seabury. !» expected here from the
On»rt abem noon to-morrow.
Th» Oreantr Strsrr.sh'.p C<7tr.pany*« liner
Marij>o«a. .."^ar'tain Lawless, will «ail at 11
o'cJock'-to^tBcrrcw rocminr fcr Tahiti.
Water Front Notes
NORRKOPING. Sweden, Nov. 23. —
The Swedish steamer Bur, from
Grimsby, England, with a cargo,
foundered to-day at the entrance to
Arko Sound. The entire crew, num
bering seventeen men, perished. It Is
believed the vessel KToanded and that
her boilers exploded.
SYDNEY. Cape Breton. Nov. 23. —
Xo tidings of the Norwegian steamer
Stord, reported last night from St.
John, Newfoundland, as being: long
overdue, have yet reached here. Be
sides her captain she carried a crew
of sixteen men. It is feared that she
foundered in the storm which swept
over the Cane Breton coast on Thurs
day last. The Stord Is a wooden
steamer of 623 tons.
The Bur, a Swedish Vessel. Meets
Disaster at tlie Entrance to
Arko Sound.. ' .i-
STEAMER IX)ST WITH
CREW OF SEVENTEEN
Th» Harbor CorTirr-iraloners decided yesterday
that the Naval Reserves' ehlp, the Marion.
tsust be moved from its present berth on the
Folsrwr.-etreet dock. Ic view of the improve
r.T.ty that are tc. be begun soon the Ccmmis
r DOM are ceslrous of economizing every inch
cf ;r«ce aionr the water front, for it will be
r'rrtsf-ary to tear down before the recca
r-mction can be begtin. For the eame reason
the beard referred tbt application, of Goodall.
J'erVir.i & Co. fcr i*rmi«ion to build coal
bunkers on the Valiejo-etreet wharf to the
chief wharfinger.
>fn«t E>rmomlre Space.
Steamer. | From. I Due.
Elizabeth ' CoquiUe River »'Nov. 24
J«anie Seattle & Tacoma. .,. J Nov. 24
Northland j Portland & Astoria Nov 24
Chico .' CoquHle River Nov 21
Homer [Grays Harbor Nov 24
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov 2;
Point Arena., j Mendocino & Pt. Arena'Nov 24
Santa Kosa...' San Diego & Way Pts'Nov 24
Argo iEel River Ports \Sov 24
Wellington. .. Oyster Harbor !Nov 24
J. Hlggtns San Pedro JNov. L'4
Corona Humboldt ". . i.Xov 23
Menes Hamburg & Way Pts.lNov! 25
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Nov °5
San Juan New York via Ancon.. Nov' 25
Korea China & Japan Nov 23
S. Barbara. . . Grays Harbor Nov" n Z
Mackinaw Taeoma K'ov" 25
South Bay Grays Harbor ..Nov" °5
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Nov" 25
Empire Coos Bay -. . ! >;ov' °5
Newburg Grays Harbor '. Xov *»5
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Nov' °5
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ! Nov" *tt
Memphis Seattle Nov" 20
San Pedro . Humboldt "*'N*ov" **6
Curacao Mexican Ports INor" 27
Umatilla i Puget Sound Ports. . . |Xov* "7
Eureka 1 Humboldt "Ivov" •>"
Arctic ....[Humboldt N'ov' *>7
Bonita i Newport- 4 Way Ports. Nov 2S
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts Nov °S
Arcata j Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Nov' *>S
Pomona I Humboldt • (Nov* 28
Centralla j Gray* Harbor INov "S
£? m <>--- I Point Arena & Albion. ,'NovI 1 2a
City Sydney.. .New York vl a Ancon:. JXov 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. Xov' 30
F.A. Kllburn. Portland & Coos Bay 'xov" 3O
North fork... Humboldt IDec" 1
Queen Purct Sound Ports!!" 'iDec •»
S.Monica Grays; Harbor Dee' *•
Gaelic ChinaMc Japan [Dec 3
S«xr:nia Hamburg & Way Por'ti'Dec 3
Alameda Honolulu |Dec" -6
"Tfc» German ship Clrene. which left Liver
pool 177 days ago fcr Valparaiso and ha*
re::h»r reachM her d««tinatic-n nor been heard
<t s.nce, was pested yesterday as unlnsurabi- 1 .
an indication that in the ur.ierwritlra; world
little hor>e 1» entertained ot *.er etill being
«flc*t. Tie rate rn the Troop was advanced
t'> 15 r>er c*st. The Kinn was marked uo to
W or cerxt an3 the Jcinville i* quoted at 10
per cent. The rate en the Shesir remains at
C I>er cent.
Sirene is Uninsurable.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. *
'12f>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAM FRANCISCO. Nov. 23 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported fcr the previous day:
Boston 4S-4<> New York 50-4J
Chicago 0«-12; Philadelphia 52-3S
Cincinnati t»-32 PituburK 5S-36
Honolulu. H. I.-.Te-fe St. Louis 62-4S
Jacksonville TC-63 Washington 50-36
New Orleans 66-52
SAN FRANCISCO : JKMS
The fcllowfng are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last reason and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-tour hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 2* Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Q.OO 7.65 13. 7«
R*d Bluff O.0O 0.47 8.45
Sacramento O.OO 6.31 3.56
San Francisco ... 0.00 7.86 4.42'
Fresno- 0.00 5.0« O.rtS
Independence 0.00 0.45 0.42
San Luis Obispo. . 0.00 4.T1 O.5O
Los Angeles 0.00 1.14 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0.1" 0.07
THE COAST RECORD.
-^ 3 3 a 3 3 **~ a v e
STATIONS. S^lflllS IS |
¦ : 5 S : : P
• a a »
Baker 30. OS 52 38 NW Cloudy loo
Carson .25). US 62 24 S Clear .&>
Eureka 20.04 62 52 S Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno 30.00 72 38 N Clear .00
S. E. Farallon 52
Flagstaff Z0.1H M 29 N Clear .0O
Pocatello 3O.08 86 32 SW Clear .00
Independence .30.04. 6O 34 SW Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 08 M> 50 W Clear .0l>
Mt Tamalpais.29.90 57 44 NW Cloudy .00
North Head.. 30.02 48 42 E Cloudy .13
Phoenix 29.94 84 42 SW Clear .00
Point Reyes..' 52
Portland 30.00 4S 44 NW Cloudy .12
Red Bluff 30.02 58 40 W Cloudy .00
Roseburg 29.04 54 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ..30.00 56 40 N Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake 30.08 ZA 34 W; Clear .00
San Franctsco.30.00 60 49 N Pt.Cldy .00
S. L. Obispo. .29. OS 76 34 S Pt.Cldy .00
Pan Diego 29. 94 62 54 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.12 44 40 NR Cloudy .27
Spokane 30.14 46 32 SE Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.08 4S 4O E Cloudy .00
Walla WalIa.3O.fr*} 50 3S N Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .30. W 60 18 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.92 80 4S NE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
/ FORECAST.
UnsetUed weather prevails over the northern
half of the coast. No rain has fallen In Cali
fornia, but conditions continue unfavorable for
settled fair weather.
Thanksgiving day promisee to be cloudy over
the greater portion of the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 24:
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Thursday; probably showers; light
east winds. •
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; light
east winds.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day: light northeast wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy; unset
tled weather Thursday, probably showers;
fre»h southeast wintls.
Sacr«m»nto — Clwj'ly Thursday; possibly light
rain ; fre«h southerly winds. .
Fresno — Cloudy Thursday; light northeast
winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
With clear weather to-day the lovers ,
of outdoor sports and pastimes will j
have a wide range of selection. There j
will be high-class racing at Oakland.)
pony racing at San Mateo, baseball, |
football— both association and intercol- J
legiate, coursing tennis, golf, model |
yachting and Scottish bowling. i
The feature of the California Jockey j
Club card will be the Thanksgiving
handicap, at one and an eighth miles,
with $2000 added. Walter Jennings will
start Gold Money, winner of the Open-
Ing handicap, and Arcade. The Daly
stable will be represented by Elliott and
Claude. Bombardier, Fossil and other
flyers will start.
Down at the finely appointed private
racecourse of Charles W, Clark at San
Mated the California Polo and Pony
Raclng Association will run off an am
bitious programme of races. Silver
Dick. Becky, Queen Rucker. Carlotta
and other famous thoroughbred ponies
will start. .
- Special stakes for greyhounds will be
run both at Union Coursing Park and
at Ingleslde Park.
Two' baseball sames will be played,
one at Idora Park, Oakland, in the
morning and the other at Recreation
Park in the afternoon.
Three matches of association football
will be played, two at Freeman's Park,
Golden Gate, and one on the cricket
ground at Webster street. Alameda.
The Albion Rovers will j meet the Pi
rates at Freeman's Park at 1:30 p. m.
At 3 P. m. on the same ground the j In
dependents will play against the Eagles.
The matches will be for the benefit of
Todd, the fullback of the Albion Rov
ers, who broke his leg in the game
played between the Independents and
the Albion Rovers on the 13th inst. At
•>-30 p. m. the ball will be kicked off for
a. game between the Vampires and a
team representing the Seamen's Insti
tute of San Francisco on the ground at
Alameda.
Two tournaments are scheduled to be
played on the tennis courts. At the Cali
fornia Club courts thirty-six players will
compote in a handicap singles tourna
ment for men. Nineteen teams are en
tered in the -mixed doubles handicap
event to be played at the park. The
mixed doubles event is the largest of
the kind ever held in the city. The
drawings follow:
A d^oSA n r s v*. pr^^
S »*klw <» »-« vs. H Goold <3W; G. P..
Fuller (15) vs B. Draucovlch U5 3-6): W. S.
MacGavin. (scratch) W. M.. Long <«««*).
First round (up^r lmlf)-Al KfflJ" (W «¦
k Wallace (30): M. Warner (15 ¦?-6) G.
H BuJch (owe 15): Dr. Youneer (scratch) vs
W c Knowlton (15 3-6): C. G. Kuehn tl»
vV Snencer Grant (15): R. B. Cornell (owe
Jsi vS^I- Little <30 3-6): wj Shausbnessy I
*15 16) v 3 ' W. Johnson (30 3-6): Dr. Nob!*
(15 3-6) vs Harry Rolfe (15). First round
n^r half)— J D MacGavin (owe 30) v#.
Dr LovSnw OS): Dr. McChesney (owe 13)
Ei -H Lons (owe 15): G. Janes (owe 15) vs.
Faul Jon^s Ccratch): H. Punnett 115) vs. G.
rmtVr (15 3-«>- B. Nourse (owe 13) vs. A.
She/ebrouEb (owe 15): A. Black (15 3-6) vs.
w Collier (ow« 15). . . -
Mixed doubles handicap, preliminary round—
TV C Allen and Miss Haxel Hotchklss (owe
w>\ v« C Dtinlap and Miss E. Ratcliffe- (owe
f-i 3 6V F N Baker and Miss M. Worcester
I scratch) v«. A. H. Brabant and Miss Weed
{Scratch)- -R C. Noble and Miss Mary Rat
clSe (owe 15 3-6) vs. J. R. Lewis and Miss
M Fravenar (3-6). First round (upper half>—
H C c ea and Mlas'Alma Sea (15 3-6) v». C.
SFoley and Miss A. Vodden (owe 3-6>; G. L.
Hall • and Ml** Ida Meanw (3-6) vs. C. J.
Griffln and .Miss Bessie Valleau (owe 3-6):
G P Lytton and Miss A. ,Greenber«r (15) Vs.
H' Hurv and Mrs: Laogberper (3-»). First
»o'und (lower half)— R- *". Dnrila and Miss
The regular quarterly regatta for
first class sloops will be held on Spreck
els Lake to-day by the members of the
San Francisco Model Yacht Club. The
winner of the races will meet M. Lon
don's Cricket in the challenge match
for the Dickie cup.
The members of the San Francisco
Scottish Bowling Club will meet on the
Golden Gate Park green in tournament
and practice matches to-day. Several
games remain to be played in the hand
icap doubles tournament, which will be
completed If possible.
Wegener < scratch) a bye: F. C. Adams and
Mli* B. Cully (3-ff) vs. Major Van Vllet and
Miss Sarita Van Vllet (scratch); H. Cowles
and Mrs. Netmeyer <V5 3-6) vs. G. L. Baker
and Miss Vera Crocker (owe 3-<$): G. M. Guerin
and MUs Goidie Meyer (3-6) vs. R. E. Parr
and Anita Hess (12).
Wide Choice Is Offered for the Lovers of
Outdoor Pastimes.
SPORTS OF A HOLIDAY
Watson told the police he had recent
ly lost his position as a hospital at
tendant and was extremely hungry
when he found a basement door open
and walked in. He sneaked upstairs In
the house and was about to help him
self to some silver articles when a
young man and a handsome girl en
tered the parlor. Watson wa3 fright
ened, but concealed himself behind
some heavy draperies and was com
pelled to stand there several hours
while the young couple discussed their
affairs and the youth finally proposed
and was accepted. When he was able
to escape from the hiding place the fel
low found all exits fastened and was
compelled to remain In the houso :
throughout the night.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— An amateur
burglar, giving the name of Howard
Watson, captured In Thirty-fifth street,
has told an amusing story of his first
experience in acquiring the property of
others. When arrested he had several
pieces of silverware bearing the initials
of a wealthy soap manufacturer residing
on Madison avenue. One piece had
been pawned to buy Watson's break
fast, but was quickly recovered.
Thief Hears Proposal and Acceptance
While In Act of Robbing -
a House.
ROMANCE WITNESSED
BY AMATEUR BURGLAR
ARRIVED.
\Ye<ine»Jay. Nov. 23.
Btmr Coronado. Lund-valet. 5 days from
Grays Hr.rbrr.
Stn-.r Pomo. Ahlln; 13 hours frcm Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Sim' Eureka. Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr W H Kruger. Ncrdberg, 27 hours from
Ftmr Phoenix, Odlar.d, 2S hours frcm
Stmr. North Fork. Nelson. 27 hours from
ITrr.r Rainier. '' Hansen? 3 days from Belling
ham via Neah Bar 4 darf and 5 hours.
Btmr Gualala, Kalnlr.. 12 hours from Deitnar.
Stmr Jas S Hlgyina. Higglns. 31 hours from
Ventura. ¦ ¦
•CLEARED.
Wednesday, Nov. 23.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Diego
and way pens: Pajclflc Coast Steamship Com
panv.
Stmr Cclun-.bia. Doran. Portland and As
toria: San Francisco and Portland Steamship
Company.
txm Bonita. Preble. San Pedro and way
ports- Pa~lnc Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka: Pacific
Coa»t Steamship Company.
Br fhlp Dalcatrnie. Llewellyn, Seattle;
Hind. Rolph & Co. ' „.„„
Bark OlyriDic, Evans, Hoonolulu; U Uliams,
Dlmond <L Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Nov. 23.
Br «tmr Mexico, Kennedy. Sallna Crux.
Stror Brcokiyn. Carlson. Mendoclno.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. Eureka.
Simr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Arcata. Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Fatatlena. Henrickson. Eureka.
Stmr Whitesboro, Frederickson. Point Aresa.
Stmr Glrsy. Gray. Monterey.
Ftmr W H KniKfr. Ncrdberg. San Pedro.
Stmr Vanruard, Odland. Eureka.
Etmr Bonita. Preble, San Pedro.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. Eureka.
Bark Orymplc. Evans. Honolulu.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Bolinas.
Schr Mar>- C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Annie M Canobell. Larscn. Grays
H Schr Bessie K, Starit. Saa Vicente Leading.
SPOKEN.
Xcy 20. 8 r» m— 23 miles SW of Diamond
Shoal Stmr Finance, from Colon, for New
York." previously reported having put 'lnTybee
Roads, with rudder damaged, towing thence
t0 Nov W 22— Lat 27 23 N long- 19 25 W. Br
ehlp Lyderhorn, from Hamburg, for Puget
-, Nov 21 — Stmr Advance, from New York, for
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 3, 10 p m— Weather
bazy ar.d calm. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Sailed Ncv 22— Eunr Jas S Hig
rin«. for San Francisco. *"-*i
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 23 — Stmr Montara,
hence Nov 19. _--*¦ :
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Redondo.
from Eureka.
Bailed Nov 23— Stir. r Geo W Elder, for San
Franclsro: Nor strer Viking, for Tacoma; Ger
stmr Ntcomedta. for Tokohama. Nov 22— Schr
Eva £or San FrancUco. >: " "
Sailed Nov 23 — Fr bark Pierre Ix>tl. for
Qucenstown; Ft «tia Crillon. for Queenstown;
¦cte Robert S>*artcs,' for San- Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Ncv 23 — Stmr Celoa.
from AU>!6n: bktn John Palmer/ from Everett;
schr Lacy.'frcia Umpqua. ¦
Arrived Ngv 23— Schr Advent, , from Coos
Bay. ¦ ' ' . . . >
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov- 23— Echr Philip
pine, fop Gray* Harbor. •
SOUTH BSKS — Sailed Ncr»- 22— Stmr Signal.
for San Francisco. ' • •
TATOOSH — Panted -fa Nov 23 — Scfcr ' Alpena,
from Honolelu. for Port Townaend.
Passod^ out Nov 23— Ger ship Aldebarau,
from Tacoma. for United Kingdom; Br ship
BIjthswood. from, Ballard, for United King
dom; «chr Spokaae', from Port . Gamble, for San
i Francl^o. •
, Passed out -Vov 23 — Schr Laura . Madsen.
frcm Wiiwlcw. fcr Grays Harbor; Bchr 8e
homr, fcr San Francisco. . •,
Passed 'n Xov 2.T — Stmr Queen, hence Nov
21: *tmr Lyra, from Japan.
EUREKA— Sailed Nov 23^-Pchr ' Oakland.
for San Francisco; schr Dora. Bluhm. for San
Pedro.
• Arrived- Nov 23 — Stmr Acme, hence Nov 21.
Sailed Not Cl — Scfcr Antelcpe and atmr
Noyo. for San Francisco.
TACOMA — Cleared Nov 23 — Stmr Shawmut,
fcr Yokohama ar.d Hongkong.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 22— Stmr
ytwburf, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 22 — Stmr Centxalla. hence Nov
17- stmr Bee. hence Nov 18: schr Otlllle Fjord,
from Santa Barbara. Nov 23— Schr W F Wlt
teman. from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 23— Stmr G C Llndauer, for San
Francisco; schr Santa Barbara, for : «tmr
Homer for Sao Francisco: nmr Newburg. for
Fan Francisco; schr Za.rr.pa. tor Ventura: schr
Ca-rier Dore. for San Pedro: »chr Compeer,
for San Francisco: schr Comet, for Santa
Barbara: sctor Lizzia Vance, for San Fran
clsco; scbr Salvator. for San Pedro; schr
Alpha for San Francisco; »chr Falcon, for
San Francl*co; bktn John Smith, for San
Francisco: bktn Gleaner, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY — Sailed Nov 23 — Etmre Break
water and Empire and whallnir stmr William
Bayll**. for Han Francisco; achr .Melancthon.
for San Francisco; etmr Alliance, for Astoria.
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed Not 23 — Stmr
Corw Bay for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGEX.ES— Sailed Nor 23 — Ger
bark, Urania, for .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 23— Ital bark
Italia tcr Australia.
TORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 23— Btmr Na
tional City, for San* Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Nov 23 — Ger
bark Bertha, for Port Natal; schr -John G
North, for Guayaquil.
• i ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLTTLU — Arrived Nov 23 — Bkta Coro
nado. bence Oct 23.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 23. — A deed was Hied
to-day whereby the Folsom Development Com
pany deed-» to J. Ogden Armour of «'nlca*co all
of the Natrma Vineyard property recently ac
quired by It, except the vineyard. The ground
acquired is rich, In gold and Is being dredged
by the company.
Weather Report.
UIO JANEIRO, Nov. 23. — Rear Ad
miral French E, Chadwick to-day
lowered his flas from the Brooklyn
and started for home. John M. Hawley
of the Brooklyn succeeds him in the
command of the South Atlantic squad
ron.
Chadwick Gives Up Command.
United States Coast and Geo«-I?t!c Survey —
Time and Helrht of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority at the
I Superintendent.
NOTE — The fcljch and low waters occu r at
; the city front <Misslon-ftre«t wharf) abou: 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSD AT .* NOVEMBER '24.
Sun rises 6:59
Pun rets „ 4:51
Moon risrs 7:<V p. m.
0 ITimei JT'.me! jTUnet iTlme|
£ ! ; Ft. | Ft. Ft. I Ft.
?_!H_\v! |L W| |H \V[ {L Wj .
24 I 0:52! 4.5' S:24! 2.7:11 T2J[ rfc«|*6:2sS)T«
25 1:38 4.5: C:05j 2.8|l2:07| 5.9| 7:f9t— 0 6
2t5 2:25! 4.5; B:50 3.0jl2:S2| 5.4| 7:55!— 0.4
2T 3:12' 4.«j 7:54 3.l| 1:461 5.2 S:4B— 0.2
25 i 4:00| 4.7; 9:02 3.1; 2:4fij 4.S 9:40 0.3
21) I 4:^0 4.910:22 2.7 4:021 4.4|10:.T5 0.7
SO I 0:40i 5.2:11 :3x! 2.3' 3:30! 4.1111:37 1.1
1 1 6:30! B.3|12:47j 1.7| 6:52J 4.1| |
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornins tide* are given In the left
hand column and the> successive tides of the
day In the order cf occurrence -as to time: the
fourth time column. .'gtves ih«- last tide of the
day except when thert are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights siren are in
addition to the soundings of the United State3
Coast Survey Charts, ercept when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
Kiven ie subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun,, ..Moon and Tide.
•
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
lbs salt. 2S bbls 5 kegs beef. 20 pkgs mew
P<-rk 4<» bb!« vinegar. 1^2 ca baking po^d-r.
*:>0 lbs hop*. ior,.a*» lb* Kn<> ir.«l. 13.<54« lbs
prwla. ISO Ih* tobacco, 9 cs cijrar* and eigar
#«»». 215 pkgs paints and oils 42 pksrs dru*s
and sundries. IS. MS It* scia. 73 bx» candles.
It pices papr. 171 coils rop*. 25 bales brooms.
«*3 bis soap. 2O.4Prt lbs shrimp shells. 50 tins
ir.atch*«. IKS bbls cement. 15 bales twine.
MS lbs tin. W cs turpentine. 11 rubber goods.
17 rolls leather. 4 pkss machinery, 77 rolls
wire netting, 250 cs coal oil.
THE WHALER WILLIAM BAYLIES. THE STEAMER BREAKWATER AND .THE STEAM SCHOONERS EMPIRE AND AL
LIANCE. ALL OF WHICH FINALLY GOT TO SEA YESTERDAY AFTER HAVING BEEN WEATHER-BOUND AT COOS
BAY FOR SOME TIME BY A BREAKING BAR. f
PARIS. Nov. 23. — The Municipal
Council of Paris is considering the ap
plication of an organization entitled
the American National Institute,
which is seeking a concession of public
lands on which a school of fine arts is
to be erected. The names of many
prominent Americans appear among
the patrons." The Council referred the
application to a committee, which is
favorably disposed, but has not yet re
ported.
Public Land. Which May
Be Granted.
Request Made for a Concession of
AMERICANS WOl'LD BUILD
ART SCHOOL IX PARIS
Oa peccrcat «f a tr»ekir:g lar. a gridly
Beet r' coasting craft hae t«-rts detained fcr
f--rrt» tin* »? Qooa Rav. Th» *«a calmed ye«
tT*iy ar.1 ti» lir.rrtorsned ocaaere lost no tin*
iri making use of rh; citeii deer to the sea.
T>.^ v«^fi;!s that got away yesteriay were:
T 1 - • •¦•'¦•arner Breakwater. «ttnr Fciiocners Em
• r ; r,z Ailia-a.* urn! th* whaler William
I>*yiie*,- "which. SJt in litre in d!«tres«. The
ca;iair. cf ih* Bay lit* or. TnriltlJ -ad about
c*T.clade4 t? "winter «t the c;ast pert. The
.- :-. . r.t-r M'-laactirtn al*-> tail**! y*fcterday
fr.-m f"no« Bay. Tfc» »pa outside of Grar»
Harbor continue* !n tt» lanymocd. and about
a s<rore ci vessels are weatb^r-b^uiid there.
Coalers Leaie Coo« Bay.
Before the end of this week four big
liners will be dispatched from the Pa
. cific Mail Company's wharves, rnaklnj:
a 'total of seven important sailings of
vessels flying the Harnraan flag within
as many days. The Manchuria and
City of Panama, each leaded deep with
merchandise and crowded with passen
gers, sailed !ast Saturday, the first for
the Far East and the secor.d for the
isthmus from which she take? her
nane. " The" company's big freighter
Aztec, with 7500 tor.s of freight, will
sail for the Orient to-morrow. The
Coptic will get away for the Far East
on Saturday, the day set for the de
parture of the Peru for Panama, and
th* Baiarouta on coasting cruise.
The Coptic will take about 4000 tons
of cargo, the Baraoouta 1500 terns, the
Peru 25C-Q.
The labor cf loading this fleet of
ocean carriers, following Immediately
upon the heroic exertions necessary to
get the Manchuria away on time, has
taxed the working force at the Mail
<ioek to the utmost. The chief burden
of the effort, however, is not falling
upon the Pacific Mail Company, but on
the owners of the horses, wagons and
drays that have been putting in tnelve
hours of waiting to one hour of work
ing. All the wharves are crowded with
freight and more is being unloaded
from trucks and drayw than is b^ing
hoisted into the holds of the waiting
steamers. Tfce more trucks headed for
the dock the slower the progress and
th* teamster, under present conditions,
that can make more than one trip a !
day »o either big or little Mai! dock is
a wonder. It would have puzzled a
burglar yesterday to break intn the |
Mail duck with a truck and all day
long groups of idle teamsters lounged
in the vicinity of the wharf, attesting
by their Inactivity to the waste of val
uable time Involved in tryirijr to handle
ten tons of frffsht in a space barely
J.irsr* enourh to accommodate a on.
It "will be at least a year before the
new wharves, vfclch will be equipped
v. ith zr.r-derzi appliarices for handling
freight, will be ready.
LOSS TO DRAYMEN
Eight additional arrests were made
by State Supreme Court officers to-day
on charges of contempt in violating the
injunction of the court on election day.
DENVER. Nov. 23.— The Supreme
Cour.t to-day ordered the Denver Elec
tion Commissioners not to certify to the
returns of this county to the State Can
vaSsins Board until further orders. This
is to give opportunity for argument in
the Supreme Court on the matter of
throwing out certain Democratic pre
cincts. In which the Republicans al
leged fraud.
Chairman Frederick A. Williams of
the Republican City Committee secured
from the County Court to-day a writ of
mandamus instructing the Election
Commission to permit him to make a
copy of the poll 'books for the purpose
of a contest of the county ticket.
In the second around not a solid blow
was struck. Both men swung wildly
at each other, the blows in most cases
falling short of the mark. What few
light blows were struck were harmless.
Root, as a rule, was the aggressor. All
through the second round the cro f wd
hissed and kept it up after the round
ended.
The third round was so palpably
The men did nothing more than
teint for nearly a full minute in the
opening round, which was followed by
a light exchange of blows, which left
no mark on the fighters. Ryan caught
Root lightly on the cheek and Root
returned with a light blow on the Jaw.
There was more sparring and then
Ryan let go a straight-arm blow to
Root's mouth, which did no damage.
When th&^.bell rang the men were
clinched. The spectators began to hiS3
the men toward the end of the round
and as they took their corners a storm
of disapproval was -hurled at them.
The managers of both fighters vehe
mently protested against the action of
the- referee, but -they found few sym
pathizers in the crowd.
Ryan and Root were late in entering
the ring. After the spectators had
been kept waiting half an hour
Referee McGuigan, who has an inter
est in the club, announced that the
fighters were counting the money in
the box office. He explained that the
house was a slim one and that each
man wanted his money in advance.
Five minutes later Ryan and Root ap
peared.
FEW BLOWS ARE STRUCK.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 23.— The
fight between Tommy Ryan, the mid
dle-weight pugilist, and Jack Root of
Chicago, the light heavy-weight,
which was scheduled to go six rounds
at the National Athletic Club to-night,
was ended in the middle of the fourth
rcund by the referee. Jack McGuigan,
announcing it was a fake. It was one
of. the most unsatisfactory p'ugilistic
affairs ever held in this city. The spec
tators, long before the referee stopped
the bout, showed their disapproval of
the exhibition the men were giving.
Trouble was averted by the prompt
work of the police in Jumping into the
ring and protecting the fighters and in
clearing the hall.
The fighters and their managers de«
clared that the action of the referee
was an outrage and that It was unfair
to the patrbn3 to have stopped the fljht.
as both men were trying hard. Referee
McGuigan said it was the worst show
ing ever attempted in the city, and felt
sure the Ep**ctator* agreed with him.
He said the men were guaranteed $2300.
which they insisted upon getting before
entering the ring. As they had the
money he could do nothing but atop
the exhibition. He declared that the
club lost $1SCO on the venture.
The moment McGuigan left the men
a half hundred policemen, under the
command of a captain, surrounded the
ring. Ryan and Root stood in their re
spective corners, not knowing what to
do, and evidently afraid to leave th<?
arena for fear of harm at the hands of
the disappointed crowd. Suddenly a
soda water bottle which had been
thrown from the gallery dropped In the
middle of the ring. Then a score of po
licemen climbed through the ropes and
waved their hands for the crowd to
calm down. When the police had a
semblance of control Ryan and Root
were led to their dressing-rooms under
heavy escort.
The confusion was great. At the ex
piration of the three minutes the bell
rang. but. instead of sitting in their
corners, the men thought It was the be
ginning of the fourth round. The ref
eree let them go. He watched the men
mix up a little and then walked over to
where the newspaper men were seated
and told them Root had Just told Ryan
"to mix It up." He watched them
again attempting to land blows, which
they did without damage, and after 1
minute and 33 seconds had elapsed he
jumped through the ropes and left the
men in the ring alone. His action met
with, the approval of the crowd.
pcor that Referee McGuigan leaned
against the ropes and waved his hands
In dlsgrast at the fighters' attempt to
mix it up. After two minutes and
twenty seconds of the round had
elapsed Root swung: on Ryan and
Ryan dropped to the floor to avoid the
blow. At this action the referee
turned his back on the men and the
spectators became noisy. Ryan got on
one knee, and. seeing that the referee
was not tolling off the seconds, the
fighters went to their corners.
CONTUSION* IS GREAT.
Trucks Block All
Approaches.
Endeavoring to
Have Certain Democrat
ic Precincts Thrown Out
FRAUDS ARE ALLEGED
CONGESTION GREAT
Police Prevent a Serious Riot
Leaves Ring WhileMen Stall
in the Fourth Round.
Docks Roof High
With Freight.
Eeturns Will Not Be Report
ed in Colorado Until the
3Iatter Has Been Argued
Referee Gets Wise
To Ryan-Root Fake
COURT TO PASS
ON ELECTION
FOUR OCE0N-GOING LINERS WILL LEAVE
PACIFIC MAIL WHARF BEFORE WEEK ENDS
THE SAX FRANCISGO CALL, THURSDAY. NOVEMBER .24. 1904.
11
Traln^V
If to Chicago \
BB daily from points in California via the Southern Pacific,
If Union Pacific and Chicago & North- Western Railways, over ul
II THE ONLY DOUBLE-TRACK RAILWAY BETWEEN I]
11 THE MISSOURI RIVER AND CHICAGO. M
¦a T^ ie Overland Limited, the most luxurious solid daily train in the ME
a% world. Pullman sleeping cars, dining car, buffet smoking and MM
»^ library car, electric lighted uhroughout, Booklovers library. BM
V^ Less than three days San Francisco to Chicago. , BM
WBl Daily and personally conducted excursions in Pullman mjr
tourist sleeping cars through to Chicago without change. MS
r " tlctet * aa ' 1 rail lalirmaitoa call oa ticket
_^SSJf®Si^<S^w| *re«ti SoatS<-ra Pacific R»U»*r. XSwiiUtlw
fjfEit\3BP£S&r\\ I or »4d«»i jilrTn i^( fll
/j^^iWjl 5 Jill L X. U?CO, S«un! l^nt halt C«ut, g\THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1904:
12
BOSimBSS CHANCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050. ,
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR ?al»— First-class bazaar; located In thriv-
ing location, city: fine plateglass windows;
store fixtures; large stock; long l^ase: cheap
rent: doing good business; clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of beat propositions in city; sick-
ness; snap; price $3500.
FOR sale — Stationery, school supplies, drrss
•Inlngs; well located: cheap rent; doing good
buMntss; 3 living rooma: stock will lnvolca
more than prlct asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
room ing -houpe and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. a Eddy st.
; FOR sale — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime ' and cement businesses j in
S. F. ; cheap rent; 'horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made, a for-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
'from $!»00 to' $800 per month; trial given If
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137. feet; all furnished: horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON .& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well-furnished and equipped 4 coun-
try hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150; 10- year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; "about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune, and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as flrst-cla5e- laundry. Ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnithtng
goods, merchandise, country hotel*. ¦ restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you rail nnd Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. - . ¦
FOR sale — J2000; livery stable, opposite depot;
good business stand. Inquire at I -and graft's
Villa. Mill Valley, Marin Co., Cal.
$75 MONTH— Partner wanted; genteel busi-
ness; short hours; price $250. 235 Kearny.
JOBBING, plumbing and tinning ehop for sale,
cheap; departure. Box 307, Call. ¦'
FOR sale — Saloon. 200 Ninth stTj Inquire
from 10 to 2.
GOOD paying ealocn on Third st. (lease);
• must be sold. Call <M5 Valencia st.
FOR eale — Grocery store; stock Al: at in-
voice. 473 Fourth st, »
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sal*. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office. "• ...
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compresued
air at *hon: prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pre8»ed Air , Cleaning 'Co.; 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
s*nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing'works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. -South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning .Works, 1809 Har-
rlsr.n St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FHED HAGE-
D0RN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning,. 3c yard.; Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st •
tel. Main 3!<4. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2C3.
IiODQIKO-KOXTSES rOB SALE. •
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT. CO.. 10 Turk st..
dealers In real estate, rooming-houses, eta ;
call and Inspect oar list of bargains;' only
legitimate propositions sold by us; titles
guaranteed. ' ': • , •
BANK REFERENCES. ¦
MONEY LOANED AT -LOWEST RATES. .
DO you want a -good lodging-house that Is for
eale .cheap and. is paying fine?,' The owner
is sick and with old age is compelled to give
up a paying house; a great bargain; Investi-
gate; be convinced.'.. MRS._ POTTENGER,
7o7% Howard >t. V.- .,-..; ', .
SACRIFICE— Make offer ;' 14-room bouse; good
location. ¦ 212 Post st.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bulldinc. over- Examiner entrance.
corner "d and Market sts; tel. Black .1(507.
Hotels and rooming hoiifeB for ?ale. Fr<»e list
We furnish abstracts free and guarantee
titles. . .' . .'
Thoughtful purchaser — We ' call
your attention to :t modern apart-
ment houses, ' 70. 180 and 105
rooms: each Is a profitable lnve«t- .
ment.y'whlch we shall absolutely
prove* to you If you will call <Jn.
us and personally Investigate one
or a!l of them.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
SNAP — 12 rooms, well furnished,
clrars a living- for 4 people; PRICE
$30i>: rent $«J7 50: owner leaving
for Mexico. '
MAP.ION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
DEPENDABLE; highly recom-
mended: new building: new fur-
nishings; It is our best 37-room
house: clears §175 monthly; you.
may pay $1500 down and we back
you for the balance.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
YOUR CHECK Is Boed for $W0.
you pay the oth»r $850 In little
monthly installments;' furnishings'
are very fine — cost $2110; profit $S1
monthly: eminently respectable; ' '.'.
bept .. furnished 21-room house in
Frisco.
CAREFULLY examine this 30-
room house; rent Is only $60; room-
ers ray $*J per room; price $1800; - !
all housekeeping rooms; very little
work for the landlady. Easy terms
If requested.
MARION GP.IFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
PARDON us for being plain
spoken. Only a person of a good
education and of a refined nature
would succeed in this 68-room
house.
LONG LEASE.
LOW. RENT. ' ,
YOU ONLY NEED
— f3."00—
to Mart with; you should clear $300
monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
ON SUTTER ST. — Three splen-
did propositions and ' each most
beautifully furnished and exclu-
cively with us. They have 30. 6O
and 40 rooms respectively; well es-
tablished, fine patronage; cash re-
quired. 51000 to $2000. MONTH-' -
LY PROFIT $143 to $351.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
" N. B.
THESEj TERMS cannot be du-
plicated anywhere. Brand new fur-
nishings; house full of reputable •
roomers; Income $74 over rent: 22
rooms; price reduced to' $1000; $400
down, balance as you make.it in
the house. •
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
' .. . BANK BOOK shows $1600 clear
profit in last 12 months: 15-room.
corner,, transient house: worth
$200O; will take any offer down to
: $1250. :
MATtlON GRIFFIN- MARION GRIFFIN
WANTED — A rooming-house
(worth .?12S0).and $1250 cash in
exchange for a . srenera] merchan-
dise store In country town; sales
$800 to $1400 monthly: trial will
," . be given; price of store $2500; BIG 4
MARION* GRIFFIN GRIFFIN
ONE of our best bargains In - '
apartment houses; 46 large, light
rooms, always . full; price $3000;
rent $150; lease If desired; profit
$175 monthly; heuse and furnish-
ings In good order; owner leaving .
city is. only cause of sale.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
¦ _ Suite 406, Examiner ' bldg.
$2SC0 — LODGING-HOUSE. 32 rooms, all full
good tenants; net profits $120 per month.
Box 4009. Call. .
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale. 402 Geary «t.; no
ccents. ' ".
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The Weekly CalL
16 r^ges. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BBEfeSMASCEES^AHDT SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure,; eve, class. 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.HOTaylr.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SAIE—Can.
A— CAMEKON& CO., • Phone Soiun lVMt.
3 Eddy si., cor. Market. and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming- Houses, -.Hotels and
• j All Kinds of liusinee-s Chances.
- • '
W> have 13 beautifully furnished rcoms In fine
block on Post at.; full nicest kind- of room-
ers; rkyv an,i modern throughout; brings in
nice Income; furniture In oak. btrdseye
maple. Velvet and axminster carpets; cost
$1800 to furnish *lx months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $12C0.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good 'fur-
niture and - carpets; clears $100 per month;
; ' must leave cuy; make an oiler.
ISO rooms: grand new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly' furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; line lease; paying $500 to $001)
per month: close In; full of nice people; bar-
gain If taken at once; dissolution: of part-
nership. • -. ,
Big bargain for jora« one; 6-room flat ele-
. gantly furnish* d 0 months ago by Sloan at
cost- of over $000; rent only $25 per month;
fine location; biggest snap on market; only
$100. - v
An- up-to-date downtown- house; rent only
$5 50 per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric light? ana elevator; •¦ has 108 rooms,
well ¦ furnished throughout; ' now . clearing
$300 to *450 per month; make offer; owner
must leave city; only with us.
10 rooms; rent SC5; good furniture and car-
pets;, always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. .
What do ¦ you think? ¦ 31 -room apartment-
house; rent only $130; . where- you can clear
$85. per month; no wcrk: this 'you can get
for^ $1100; wife at -hospital. ¦
Well located hou?e close in. with choap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and . carpets In
first-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per -month now and can' be made to
clear $300; tine business proposition.
Have new, modern 82-room house;. rent $.175;
electric lights, elevator, corner: everytnlnn
up-to-date: owner .will -exchange 'for Ira-
' proved, property neighborhood San Jose;
value $"UCO to $10,000. '.
9-room flat; rent only $50; . wRter free; oak
furniture; good carpets must sell; price $400.
Model- apartment-house, -2 and 3 rooms each;
rent Is cheap: elegantly furnished; 3-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
' sickness. y
129 roomx; cheap rent; long lease; , first -class
up-to-date downtown house;. well .furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; 1 must sell
• on account of other business; only, with us.
Have a little 14-room ' boarding-house on
Geary; ' nicely equipped throughout: all full
and clearing nice income; > price $2000.
60 rooms; new, modern 'building: elegantly
furnished; close in; full of flrst-clasa people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine' opportunity
to get an up-to-date housa reasonable; sick-
ness. .' ' ¦• . . . . '
7 -room modern flat; close In; well- furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $250.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial nouns In
city; ¦ clearing now $300 - per month; every-
thing first-class, condition; will trade for
Oakland. Alameda. or Berkeley property or
ranch In California; must 'leave city.
.- } .\ ' ¦ ¦ • . V..-'--
45 ' rooms, rent only $125; first- class location;
well furnished and good running order;
clearing ' now over $200 per month; always
.full;, best buy in city; account of sick-
ness ; price $4500. - *
We have a number of special bargains in flats
J of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can b».
I ¦ : had for,les» than half cost to furnish; must
be , sold; either I account of sickness or de-
. parture. ' • .
Large list. of real estate, rooming-houses and
. business for exchange or .trade always on
¦wrVR?f <* CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.
¦ — — - MfTCHELL & CO. , —
\ 1206: Market st.. . Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flat*.
Sold to suit .purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
,. MITCHELL, & CO. — ¦ j —
PARTLY *' furnished * house. 18 rooms, sunny,
, downtown, plain- buf neat;- price $750; hav-
. ing other- property- must sell. Exclusively
with MITCHELL &• CO., 1206 Market st.
23 ROOMS; rent $»0; lease; clears J75; good lo-
/ cation; $5«0 cash, balance easy terms; $1500.
Exclusive with MITCHELL &. CO.
CLArEVO YA3TT3.
RICHARD MAYO
Th«» Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
There is no trouble, doubt or ambition, nj
hoi>e or wish but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he 1? entirely original
In his methods', different from all others; a
visit will bring sure heln and will satisfy
you nnd bring success and happiness to ths
set ker.-i of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fe» accepted.
¦421 A Ellis St.; private flat; hour* 1O a. m
to s a. m.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldz. : she reads your life correctly,
glv»s an accurate description of the past, re-
vea's the present happenings and portrays
e%ents to occur In the future: If you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or h«ve domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great roediirm and you will
be tcld how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life: 23c up; satisfaction
puaronteed; open Sundays. 1 T*I. Black 4StS).
FROM all sections they come to wltcess the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know hew you will succeed, to
be relieved of the matters that are troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE; 3
separate reception parlors; lady attendants;
hours 10 a. m. to S p. m.
Permanently located at 26 1$ Kearny st.
PROF. L. GILLMORE — —
Clairvoyant end business medium, has re-
turned and is .permanently located at 239
Powell st.. cor. G»*ry. GIMmora will give
you a relinble reading of past, present and
future. The greatest advl— r on all affairs
in Uff. Hours !> to 12. 1 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian Se.eress. The Vendctne. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Offlce hour* — 10
m. m. to 3 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
dny evenlne. 6 to S. Phone South "114L
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
• reveals love, marrlase, business, etc.; L. 30c;
«r.. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present, future; 1. 50c; g. by cards. $1; palm.
Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when ethers fall try me; readings 23c.
721 Franklin. nr.'G. G. a\-e. ; tel. Larkin 4207.
THIS ad and 50c entitles you to llfs reading
at 12.'. Sixth st.. over book store,
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings dally. 108 6th st.. rooms 1-2,
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-knowa fortBM-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weakly
Call. IB pages. »«nt to any* address la tfc*
United States or Canada on* year for $L
EPIHITUAI.ISM.
I, THERESE SHAGREX well-known "psychic.
rives short life sketch," 2Cc; full life reading,
1. 10 Ewlng place, west side of Laguna
St.. bet. Sutter and Post; no sign.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium/ and
life reader. '1203 .Market, r. 14. f|alt Ilfcuae.
C. V. MILLER'S Thanksgiving seance to-night,
S o'clock, 81; Sunday, 1 p. m. 1C84 Bush et.
PROF. GEE, medium and healer; readings
daily: circle every night: 10c. 120C Market.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phon* Scott 887.
C. MAYO STEEICS, trance medium. SOS Larkin.
room 49; readings 1 to 3; tel. South 319.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 30c;
plates, $3; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLL'M HILL. 144.t Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over Ilka new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 60c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 3£c: crowns, $.2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CH1SHOLM. surgeon-den tlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 800 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set, teeth. SI 50 up; crowns. $2 up; flu ings. 25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st?
to .corner Sutter ft. and Grant ave.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The- Weekly Call.
it! pages, In wrapper, fcr mailing, $1 per year.
rPTTCATroiTA^
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bids.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $3 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Nattv Sons' bldg.
47 LESSONS Pitman shorthand and hold any
position, guaranteed: CO. court reporting;
"single-page method"; bookkeeping. West-
ern Business College, 1281 Market st.
HKALT/S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st.. S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college: new. largs rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting- posl-
l flons. S. B. Business College. 73S Mission.
I ENGINEERING— Civil. #!»c.. mln.. rnech.. sur-
Ivey, as«y, cyanide; day. »>re. : est. 18*4. Vaa
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
I CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Tburs.. 2 p. m.. 333
Phelaa bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
HKALD'S~I3U55INESS COLLEGE, 24 Port st.
Established isti3; largest In the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. Math., etc.; day and
eve.: Individual Ir.str. COS Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bos. Col.
A — GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINES3~"cOL^
LEGE. 1CS2 Market st. Send fcr catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. «02 Van Ness
1 ave. ; positions pecured. R. H. Wsbster. Pres.
I CO1IS and Join French class now forming; ft
• per month. Address box C10. Call office.
. GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
) vocal lessons $1. 828 Haight st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Halght;
Individual instruct.: all branches: day. «v».
CHICAGO Business College. 15S4 Market— Posi-
tion?, shorthend. typing. bookk*asing; fa mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
. man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
I SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mail and per-
1 tonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Mantgotn'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTGN S. 424 Plna st. — Night class.
SPANISH.French.ete. Prof.De Flllppe'sA<?ademy
of language;. 101S Post: est.lSTl ablest profs.
ran»r.axTamHT jOTPtoxs.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlcs
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japan**"*.
Chinese help. 426 Powell »t. ; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 413 Stockton;
best help. Friti Tamasaki.mgr. Tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Emp'.o^nent Office — Best h«lp at
• Leon Eeung's. 411 O'Farrell: tel. East 421.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 513M.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAHTEJ-PIMAIJ.
STENOGRAPHER, young lady, well educated,
four years' experience commercial and other
work, neat, fast, accurate, wants position;
, not less than $4O month. Box 346. Call.
YOUNG laciy. experienced In stenography and
general office work, desires position; salary.
$40 a month. Box 167. Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress want* work by the
day in private families; pleating and fluting
lene. Box 4iS6, Call.
A YOUNG lady wishes position doing upstairs
work and sewing; Rrst-clasa seamstress; city
or country- Box 443S. Call office.
COMPETENT German wants work by the day;
$1 50 and carfare. i'!> 3 Rltch St.. rear. bet.
Third and Fourth.
GERMAN cook wants position; $33 to $4O. Box
US. Call.
COLORED woman wants day's work: $1 50 and
carfare; [hone Red 141. 1013 Clay st.
A MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wants a
situation; is a good cook; will do some wash-
In:; fond of children; will go a short dis-
tance: wages $13 to $20.. 47 Shipley sC. off
Fourth, near Folsom. -
YOCNO lady with experience would Ilka »
poslJbn as assistant stenographer or any
ktnorof office work; good penman. Box 163
Call office^
GERMAN girl wishes position In family for
upstairs work; If necessary will take care of
children. Apply 3067 Twenty-talrt St.;
phone Capp 6342.
TRAINED nurse, reliable and competent. IS
years' experience, wishes to take car© of In-
valid: no objection to traveling. Box 744.
Call office.
YOUNG woman and little girl want
good home near school. In small family:
small wages: no fakers. Ad. 834 Folsom.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to cmr» for tn-
valld. or will act as companion, to lady; best
refs. Box 177. Call.
YOUNG lady, experienced in stenography and
office work, desires position; Remington ma-
chine; salary $33 a month. Box 167, Call.
HONEST young German girl wishes a situa-
tion, housecleaninir and washing. 1306 Naw
Broadway, near Twentieth st.. Oakland.
YOUNG lady wlsh»s to coach children or
adults in primary or arrammar studies. Ad-
dryas MISS A. I.. 1072 Sanchex St.. nr. 24th.
YOUNG German lady wants position to tend
children during day from 7 to 7 or any
other work. Box 142, Call office.
RF.FTNED. competent woman. 6 years' experi-
enoe as a. nurse, desires a position to cars
for Invalid. Address "Nurse." 11S3 Oak St.
A YOUNG -woman wishes washing and hous»
cleaning by day; wages $1 50 day. Apply 338
Jessie St.. near Fifth.
AN American woman wishes position In small
family of adults; Is neat, good cook: refer-
ences. Box 710. Call office.
YOUNG lady with experience wtsh«s a per-
manent position as stenographer and typ«-
witer; good penman. Phona Church 3174.
REFINED^ well-groomed young lady wishes
position as companion to lady; excellent ref-
erences. Phone Pine 1133.
SITUATION wanted by young lady stenogra-
pher and typist; neat, accurate and willing.
Bex £23. Call office.
A WOMAN would like to do washing by dar.
$1 25 per day. Address MRS. K. K.. 311
Turk .
A MIDDLE-AGED Jewish woman wants po«l«
ticn, general housework. In a Jewish fam-
ily ; slees home. Box 723, Call offlca.
RESPECTABLE girl wl«hes posltica to do up-
stairs work and sewing; best city refer«aoesv
Apply 1610 Leavenworth st. -s -¦¦'.•-
WAITRESS wishes position in city hotel. Ad-
dress. H. S.. Box 144, Call./
'HOUSE-CLEANING by the day. M. E.. 841
Filbert <t.
GOOD laundress washes <r:rtaln» at home. 373
Linden ave.
WOMAN would like position as chambermaid
or general housework. 250 Perry »t.. nr. 8th.
YOUNG woman wants situation to do house-
work in small family. Call 74S Howard sC
GOOD, steady cook wlshea position: city or
country. 637 Ellis it.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ada and subscription!! taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPi»OY3gi;gT wAarro- •mat.e.
; A COUPLE ccmir.gr from East wiah positions;
[ man thoroughly competent In all branches of
horticulture, car* hors»s. tend cows, aiso
grxxl carperUer: wife first-class cook: good
references. Call all week. MR. MORRIS. Id
Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like to have po-
sition as working foreman on asparagus
ranch; experienced ;- worked at Sacramento.
Bouidln Island. Alvlso. GEO. BROWN,
Baden. South San Francisco.
GERMAN, middle age. wants position as vega.
tablo or flower gardener: understands prun-
ing. U hardy wtt hcarpenter tooU and un-
derstands also to care for horses; ctty or
country. Box 160. Call office.
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery maa
wants position as clerk, salesman, collector
or handle grocers' specialties; well acquaint-
ed In city. Please address H. BRODERSE>\
coal yard. 441 O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG man (German), steady and Industri-
ous, wishes situation in saloon, or wins and
liquor store as bartender or porter: country
or city. Box 133&, Call office. Oakland.
DETECTIVES^ — Gentleman and lady of thor-
ough experience will take any case; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; terms reasonable and
strictly confidential. — *^x 119, Call offlo*.
TollS P^JlggjggKgj^ Proprietor
Address Communications to
tvTj. MARTIN' Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator wm Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
Delivered by C.rrurs, 20 Ct». Per Week. 75
Ct». Per Month. Single Copies 5 Ct»-
Terms by Mail. Including PoFtage (Cash With
DAILY CALL .irclu-i. Sunday). 1 year. . .$S.«0
DAILY CALL (Inolud Sunday). 6 mos... -^w.
DAILY CALL— By Sir.gle Month n >£
ft'XHAY CALL. 1 Y^ar -¦•!"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • »-£2.
\rr>T>Trif*r f Dailv. . .$8.«P Per Year Extra
FOREIGN | SSZiyJ-tM Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. ] weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies Will Bt> Forwarded When
Requested.
Mail frjtscribers In ordering chsnge of ad-
*re«e should be particular to give both NL« i
AND OLD A DURESS, in order to injure a |
prompt and corrtct compliance with their re- i
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1C16 BroaiSway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
X14S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT: j
6AMUFL W. WALL ; Hotel Barton |
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: |
Wsldi rf-Asf r::i Hotel: A. Brer.tano. , 31
fcion Squart-; Murray BUI Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman Boose.
CHICAGO SECTS STANDS: ,
£h«Ttran House; P. O. News Company: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont Houst; Auditorium |
Hct?]; Palmer Heu»e. j
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: I
C. OEORGK KP.or.NKP?. Marquette Bu'.Ming.
iLong Distance Telephone. "Central 2t>13. ) ,
JCEW YORK BEPRKSEXTATTTEi
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NKU- YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C- C. CARLTON Herald Square]
BI'i-'INTSP OFFjrr of the Pan Francisco Call, j
rornT Market end Third Ftreet*: open until ,
12 o'clock ev«ry l.irht in the year.
UKAXCli OFFICES:
jncs Market street, opposite Fifth: open unt'.l
11 p. ns.
62T Maotscmerjr street, corner Clay: open until
!>:30 r. m.
KM Ha>r» nrret: or>«=n until 0:30 p. m.
r_-,9 MrAlliFter rtreft: np»n urtll 9:W p. m.
€15 LtiUn -itTPet: open until !•::«> p. m.
JS-41 kfinrtea ftr«-et; cpen until 10 p. m.
J<<> Eleventh Ftr»et: open until 9 p. m.
!<©« Valencia «reft: open until B p. m.
JCortbemst fornfr church and Duncan streets:
ot*r. ur.ti! 0 p. m.
riT 1 " Fi!!mor^ rtrt-ft: rpon ur.til t> y. m.
causcg szEVTcrs.
FJUST ConTrepatior.al Church, corner Post and
Mason rt«. — Kev. George C Adam?, D.D..
l«stf. Thar.kipiving muvtceM at 11 a. m..
K-rmen the ua«t>r. Trpic. "Whom the
C-t-A Ol Tills People Cnos<\" Special music
by the choir. Samuel D. Mayer, organ-U and
dirfrtor. The public cordially Invited.
ycznTUza
LA PARFAITi: I'nion Lodge No. 17. Tf JB
and A. M.— CalW meet Ing FRIDAY. VV
November 2S. l!»04, at 8 p. ra. First f^f \
L«gr-ee. By order of the W. M.
P. ST. JILL1EN. Secretary.
SOUTH Sr.n Fijiacisco LtKis^ No. 212, s
F. and A. M — Called mK.trns THlri VVf
iTHCBSDAT} EVENING, at 7:30/V\
o'clock; second desrec. By order of ¦
WILLIAM MCDONALD. W. M.
MKMEEP^ of S. F. Lodpe No. «. *l££x2toL.
i O O. F., will tss»pmb!e at '."4'i
MiSEl m et. THIS ( THURSDAY) :^5»3¥
MOHNING. at 10 o'clock. than>. i *W* 1 '
tor the purp<*e of attendinpthe funeral of
our late brother. T. WACKFORD.
H. I.. MYER. N. G.
M. L. BRILLIANT. Recor<flng Secretary.
THE San Frasclf-eo Scottish Thi.«tle v C7v
«'Iub will hr.ld their regular
"iT.iokor" THIS (THURSDAY) y &z£*k*'
EVENIXG. in Fraternity Hall. 32 >e i-^
O'Farrrll Ft., at *> o'clock.
GEO. W. PATEKSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
THE Servian Benevolent Society
hnlds its regular meetings -^
every second and laat THURS- V jff 1 *
DAY of the month at 1C2
O Fatreil et. at 7:30 p. m. UKira?
JOHN A. LJUEIBRATICH. Wil?^
President. IfeP^SU
V. RADOJE^CH. Secretary. _ ' &*Z*a
G<»LDEN GATE Hnrbor No. jk^^
4" A. A. M. ar.d }'. •••' t^^^tSKft^^.
y.-M V-sf=«-i^. 4! Fs..-t Ft., fcj'tjgag^'
.-..ri Francisco — All rr-f-mt^r> J^^^^^
are requested to be present
FP.IDAY EVENING. Not.
£j, at s o'clock. BuFine** oi Importance and
cut. ..:._:-.' :i of efflcrrs.
P. N. STOFEN, Captain.
J. T. JONES. Captain's Clerk.
EPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS —
Notice is hereby (Sven that a special nxret-
1ng of the etockholders of the CENTRAL
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY will be held
on HATURDAT. December i, 1304. at 11
o'clock a. m.. at the office of said company.
125 South Main st. (over W*-!l!>, Fargq & Co.'s
E«nk). Fa!t Lake City. Utah, for the purpose
cf considering and assenting to. or dissent-
ing Jrcm. the execution cf a new mortgage
x., < r the l!r.e cf railroad of said company
*Ktending from a point of connection with
Its original line ju«=t north of the Ogden
niver. In W*ber County. Utah thence west-
erly across Promontory Point and Great Salt
Lake, through, the counties of Wefcer and
Bex Elder, to a connection with the original
i:ce of eaid company near and Immediately
west of Groure Creek, between Lacin and
Gartney stations, en said line, a draft of
which eaid proposed mortgage will » be sub-
mitted at said meeting.
E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Ce!1. 18 pages, wnt to any address In the
United States or Carafia. one year for $1.
postage paid.
AGENTS WAHTED.
10 YOUNG men to travel; wrr.ethln? new7"ea*y
F'-lle-r; «?xj>en»-es advanced. Call room 20 Ar-
lington Hotel, Oakland.
LADY arcntn wanted everywhere to sell
Kerr.p's y;'rposltori»». 1212 Market St.. r. 318.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
is no Rood; for 22 years I've made divcrc-s
e specialty; quirk; <jujet; no money needed-
co pay unless divorce Is granted; perrfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
rr.ade. O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-law. Exam, bid 5.,
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 26
years; ail courts, general court and office
practice: fH» fees in advance or for consul ta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel Red 3C01.
TONSTTLTATION free, private, confidential;
business legally, promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews, C32 Market, r. 23.
AA— Divorce; costs $12; qulck.qulet;adrice free;
•11 law businers: so charre unless success-
ful; cpen evenings. 927 Market st, room 30L
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market »t.. r.'33.
L. P. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free: no fe*s in advance; open evening*.
ASTHMA CTTBE.
LI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
IOc. 25c. Me. 1602 Market, Et. Nicholas ;
alto Wlshart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
BOAKBHTQ FOR CHILDSEIT.
KUItSE lix-Ing in suburbs, has goats' and
cows' rnilk. wfll board small baby; reas-
onable. Tel. C&pp 422.
WANTED — Echool children to board. M.
WALLACE. Fitchburg. Elmhurst. Ala.
ineda County.
CREDIT CiOTEIEES.
C. V. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st. — Clothing
for everybody from hat to fiboes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CtOTHIlfCr BESOVATZJfG.
CUIT8 cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Ben Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410-
phone Prumm 44. Call for and deliver free.'
CO^MCTIOy^OrglCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Uontcomery «t_. roomj 9-10. Tel. Main 65S0.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with -3 nicely- furnished rooms; rent
{IS: a good paying business. See It. G.
WILKE. 'Mhi Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON with exlegant fixtures; large
stock; full value f 1500; will be sacrificed If
sold in 3 daye. Call at R. G. WILKE' a.
£0^1 Kearny st. .
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE, living rms.; rent $15;
no opposition; very best location; about 8
miles from city. See R. G. WILKK. :»**
, Kearny gt. ' • ! t .
A ;'12m> COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
O'Farrell St.; clow to 4 theaters; value In
flrht; good business. See R. G. WILKE.
2«t4 Kearny sU
A *6<K) ROADHOUSE; 5 years' lease; rent
$30; best location on Colma road. Se« R. G.
"VVILKK. 2C«i Keitrny st.
A $1650 CORNER grocery and bar. with flat
of C rooir.fc: rent S«0; 5 years' lease: good
paying buMne.'s; be&t location; Western Ad-
dition. t-ee R. G. WILKE. -6^ Kearny ft.
A *«*W HARDWARE store, corner; ranges.
houiK-hold supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value in sight; owner to retire to private
life; a splrndid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
2C;, Kearny »t. -.-' '.; ¦'. ¦'¦¦:'.>.'
A $10t»J GROCERY and bar. with 21 furnUhed
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by. present owner 1O yeare; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tt*4 Kearny.
A— $3250; HALF Interest in manufacturing •
business; established n any years and doing a j
flret-class paying businei»f etock and ma- I
chinery with invoice ; the price a rare and |
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE. 20% j
Kearny «t. , ,
A— $22C0; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon I
in Stockton: rent $53: the leading place of
Us kind In Stockton; all particulars. R. G. ,
WILKE. 26 Vi Kearny et. - i
A— t'JW; BAKEHV. with 3 living rooms and I
kitchen; rent $20: a'.l store trade; cash re- I
ceij.is about $1« per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. I'ttH Kearny it.
A — $23iO; COAL. wcoU. hay and grain busi-
net-s: » horses, :: wagons; net rent $34:
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a toed ca£h buelnere. See K. G.
WILKE. Z8H Kearny st.
A— $9C0; BUTCHEi; shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk et. ; lea*- 1 ; living rooms; owner
n.ust leave lor Kurope to settle et-tate; a
rare chance. R. G. V. 1LKE. ;tu Kearny st.
A — $!»Ci>: CORNER ealoon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; isaioon et>-
tab. 2(i yearn and known as a . good bust-
n«-f». See R. G. WILKK. 2ii^j Kearny *l.
A— $.(.(K!: COHNEK taioon. with l»ase, in
wholesale district: a buaiise**: owner to
leava ice city cause <-.: bale; a rare cbance.
K. U. WILKK. -fc 1 - Krarny fct.
A— $4i:tO; CIGAR stand on Market St., vicin-
ity i ;\sii) st.; "\t jears." leate; must be
tcld at once; 0%'utt to iea\e city for the j
East, H. G. WiLKE. 2*i^i Kearny St. j
KliS'l'AL'ilA.NT ca.e >_-ios*- to Mar/et and
Powell tti.; lea*»: place elr&antiy titled up
and doing a targe lulsllifl. bevt class of
laironsje; onnsr en^agrd in othtr busi-
ncas; must fcacrince. see It. G, WILKE.
2eii Kearny et.
A — »24>>. COKNKR grccery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent MU. Ktors dcing a large cash busi-
net*. Iciation caa't be beat; value in kight.
tee K. G. WILKE, 2ti> ; Kearny st.
A— $i5c«>: SALOON; aln.ut 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $12J: leaac: stocK will in-
voice about $1200; « paying place; In*
¦veiti^ate unce; rare chance. Jt. G.
AYILKK. 2«4 Kearny £t.
A— f2*X»; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant: 1
block trom J-.*aniin<-r building; place estab-
lished tears; tiding a uru-daas business;
about ilu per day. " >'ani(.ular<> see K. G.
WILKH. 1X\i Keitrny St.
A— $9<V— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st., living rooms: rent $.'JU; lease;
A good paying place; bargain. See K. G.
WILKK. 20Vs Kt-arny st.
A — $1100 — Old established commisylon atore.
dairy product. *tc. must b« sold at once on
KOCCOt-t cf ceath; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is know .1 lor 23 years as a good reliable
br.use. It. Ci. WILKE, 20 Vs Ke«rny St.
A — t'Z>>*>; THE leading candy, icecream and
cyvter parloi' across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $15CO; rent $00; no nicer fitted
up place this kind In the Slate; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny st.
A— $4000: CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
*outh of Market St.; net rent $80; lease i
rears: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. Set R- G. WILKE. 2<»*i Kearny st.
A— $2CM; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with hrrt-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town acrefs the bay: c good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 2ti>i Kearny st.
A— $T50; DELXCATKSSEN. branch bakery and
runcy rroeery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
dally v-i.-eii.t* about $20; brst location north
of Markt-l. Call It. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny.
A— $3i00; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
«!_; rent $•;»: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See H. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny St.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom 181G.
$125 — PARTNER for well-paying restaurant;
will clear Sou 575 mo. See BROOKBAVK.
WE have a client who wishes to assoclata
himself with a sober, industrious man who
can invest 92M and services; he will give In-
terest in business clearing $200 monthly;
references exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT on bu«y street near Market;
M-ats 2C; small place doing big business; rent
815; eacrlflce for $150. See BROOKBANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you. want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to pelL
J. W. JAQUITH Sc CO..
1312 Market st..
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$1250 — FOR sale, private rooming-house busi-
ness of 22 rooms; 17 rooms of furniture; all
rented to steady roomers; clears $90 per
monti>; owner must i«ell at once on account
of change in position; forced vale.
KREISS & HORSWILL,
Tne New Real Estate Firm,
1070 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FOR sale on account of ill health, business of
manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
etc.. with formulas: loca'.ed In one of the
largest and best cities in California; price
$400P; one -halt caJ>h; balance to be paid out
of proceeds of business. Address S. C. S..
box S20. Sacramento. Cal.
$250— GOOD chance for active man in estab-
lished cash business, suitable for a man
wiltine to do plain light work and be satis-
fied with ?75 mo. ; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co., 632 Market.
FOR sale — Notion, toy and candy store doing
good business; fine cigar trade; rent $15, in-
cluding living rooms: long lease. HAWKS
& MEHRTENS, corner Seventh and Railroad
ave., Alameda.
$.200— PARTNER; chance for right man. •
$450 to'$30O0; restaurants; good bargains.
$500 to $10,000: saloons; good bargains.
See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; no competition
within 4 blocks; value greater than asked:
owner leaving. Pacific Business Association
1148 Market st.
OLD established blacksmith shop; rood loca-
tion; very cheap account entering other bust-
ness. Address Blacksmith. P. O. box 118,
Frultvale. Cal.
WE incorporate and float stock companies: we
handle unlisted securities: loans- negotiated
1 HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott square,*
Buffalo. •* =.
NEW Arkansas oil field — G. M. Bailey. MU-
couri Pacific Immigration agent. Little Rock,
Ark., can get you an oil lease, trifling ex-
pense. Fortunes from future sale leases.
A — $300; PARTNER wanted in light mechani-
cal business; no previous experience required;
$15 to $35 a week each. 47 Gaary st.,, r. 2.
UNION Bus. Ex., 903 Market — Phone Folsom
3022; saloon -for sale;.b«>st Market-st. loca-
tion: good paying bus.; mutt sell at once.
HALF Interest in established business In Oak-
land for sale; (250; partner to do outside
work. Box 1G40, Call office, Oakland. \
WANTED — To rent ttore with or without fixA
tures: suitable for meat market. Box 162,
Call office.
A CHANCE for man and wife to make good
wltbcut any worry; fine delicacy store; Tay-
lor st. Inquire 4!i Mason n., candy store.
52100— DELICATESSEN | store in Mission for
sale; nicely located for business; good trade.
Box 4410. CalL ' : '¦;.'
DELICATESSEN ' lunchroom; ' 3 '¦ living rooms;
large stock; good business. 407% Van Ness
avenue.
F. L. SKAGGS. HOTEL •'BROKER, "
2tt Montgomery St., S. F. ; phone James 6301.
Hotels for dale and to lease throughout West,
$450— BRANCH bakery and notion store; 3 liv-
ln£ rooms. Cal. Investment Co., 777 la Market.'
FREE— ONE BOX CONffllNJNQ THREE CAKES OF RICHLY
- . - ¦ ¦ ¦ -,'¦¦- ¦ ¦ ¦ * ¦ . - \ - ,_¦_*
' Highest, Quality ; ' ; Highest, Quality
To Our Want, Ad Patrons
THREE CAHSto \/n|JS^. jDvJL' IHIvJgJt \^/iKit5
* . • ¦ • ¦ ,,. „, i ~ \ -
r; x- -t -'""' •:-""" /-- v ~-~-V : < y-v ¦"— *' " " : ~ "¦ ""'.' Your Choice of Four Odors:
l-yj^kim^ VIOLET WHITE ROSE
tsto^^^ . — '-¦,. ' j • i" . Dealers supplied by Los aessIbs soaj Co., 115 DaTis St., s. F.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24. 1004.
13
__ MONEY TO EOAy—^ConttonejL^^
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages diamonds valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st,
near Market -
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable interest. A. O. Colton. 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry_Co.^*22 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us.. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual BankJ>ldg.
STAR Loan^Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. * Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry, at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal:
. no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81/6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
ind/jrser. M0RRELL, COD Examiner building.
-JPEttSOHAX^^^^^^
."R.E.X.R.A.D.I.O.'S B.U.L.L.E.T.I.N."
"NON-MEDICAL" healing (solely) by human-
ized radium power; for ALL diseases deemed
INCURABLE by others; possible benefits
usually QUICK, often INSTANT: terms to
suit means; offlce hours, 2 to 7; free lec-
ture and PUBLIC HEALING 2 and 8 p. m.
TO-DAY. Radium Hall, 78-t^ Market, cor. |
¦ Fourth. ;__
"SAMPLES ONLY" — The following are but
a few sample cases out of the MULTITUDE
successfully treated last week:
"CRIPPLE LEAPS"— Inflammatory rheuma-
tism stiffened my spine arid . limbs, could
barely CREEP along; last Tuesday Rexradio
straightened me out and limbered me up;
raised limbs naturally. RAN and LEAPED.
Many similar cases.
"LIFE SAVED" — "At the 'crisis' of danger-
ous disease he saved my life."
"DEATH AVERTED"— "Rexradio speedily,
-thoroughly cured me of dreadful malady,
which slowly but surely leads to certain
death." *
1 "SCIATICA'S DEMON FANGS exquisitely .
'tortured me; Rexradlo's power speedily slew j
thig GILA MONSTER and I entered a
PAINLESS PARADISE."
"IT STAYS"— "Rexradio cured my GASTRI-
TIS in July; I stay cured.".
"THE FIERY FURNACE of Typhoid Fever
was consuming me; Rexradio quickly quench-
ed It and delivered me."
"COULDN'T STOOP through Lumbago; quick-
ly, painlessly stooped and touched floor with
hands last week." (Numerous others^)
"NO RETUI»N TICKET"— "My cancer left
many weeks ago and having no return ticket
It remains away." -'
"PILLORIED FOR YEARS" by deforming
"articular" rheumatism. Joints solid and
"Immovable." helpless, entirely waited on
• by others, lifted from and Into bed. racked
with severest pains all" over, groaning with
agony If even lightly touched, lying In bed
like a statue cf marble, Mrs. Knowles, 370
Bartlett, by Rexradio's ONE treatment was
instantly able to freely, naturally, move.
each loosened Joint, fose unaided from bed,
and seated herself In a chair; first time In
years; her excruciating pains ceased and be-
ing at her request vigorously slapped she
declared the blows produced no pain; her
cheery welcome awaits "visitors"; she will
grasp and shake your hand with the hands
so long solid and unable to close. SEE
HER.
"FIRMLY ' LOCKED JOINTS." due to AN-
CHYLOSIS. In several ' cases recently, have
been UNLOCKED awi eet at liberty by the
MASTER KEY of Rexradlo's "humanized
Radium." (Proofs.)
DISLOCATED VERTE BRA.' '—One of the
spine bones thrown out of place, protruded
outwardly, producing PARALYSIS; Rex-
radio's wonderful power replaced It. also re-
moved the paralysis so I could run and
LEAP; see me." A precisely similar case
had a like benefit a week since.
"1^ ITS TOILS" — Acutely painful RHEUM-
ATIbM had me In its tolls; couldn't stoop,
raise feet, scarcely walk; Rexradio touched
me twice and, stooping, I touched the floor
with my hands, raised feet high, RAN and
LEAPED* freely,, painlessly; pains all gone
and smart clapping did not hurt, where the
. l<?ast touch • hail produced agony before."
"MJTSIC IN' -HI9-... HEAD"— Totally deaf, pa-
tlent complained of hissing, crackling. roar-
Ing and MUSICAL sounds in his head; after
(on») treatment he heard a' WHISPER and
said "AH those noises have ceased and even
'my MUSICAL BOX has RUN DOWN." -
"FAR REACHING" treatment— Numerous pa-
tients have been successfully treated for
various diseases, hundreds of miles away
without seeing Rexradio.
"SEVERAL PHYSICIANS" testify they SAW
Rexradio treat alleged "incurable" diseases
with amazing success. (Names at offices.)
"LIKE MAGIC— I saw the large CANCER
before R.'s (single) treatment; after, it was
lost to sight and touch. It was like magic.
"DANGER POINT" — Rexradlo's (one) treat-
ment at once removed my bedridden friend's
agonies when her acute disease had reached
the "alarming" danger point; next day she
rose WELL.
"PERMANENT RESULTS"— One treatment
may and often does secure surprising re-
sults, the possible permanence of which de-
pends on a limited number of further dally
treatments.
"PUBLICITY" is objected to by the above pa-
tlentB. .hence their "names" are not here
.published, but persons similarly afflicted will
find them at the offices.
"$1000 FORFEIT" If cases above reported are-
not absolutely "genuine."
"REXRADIO" (non-medical) humanized Ra-
dium healer. Offlce hours 2 to ?. Free lec-
ture and "public" healing TO-DAY. 2 and 8
p. m. Every person In audiences can have a
"sample" of Rexradio's healing force. RA-
DIUM HALL. 783»-4 Market, corner 4th.
A — A GREAT reduction for this month only:
It Is between seasons; a special reduced rate
on prices made from Sept 1 to Nov. 1 for
wrinkles, bagglness, pittlngs and freckles;
from this date I will be in my offlce from
10 to 5 daily; will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS, Beautyder-
mlst 12S Geary st
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tlngs, bagglness of eyes or any blemish of
the face. Mme. Gllllngham Invites you to
call and Investigate .her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other in this
city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton at; write for booklet.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth.stopa falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatlsra,paralysi8. neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk at.. S. F.
OXYGEN massage treatments cure all nerv-
ous troubles. Office 320 Starr King bidg..
121 Geary st. : MRS. HOLSHOUSER, mag-
netic specialist; treatments $2 each.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st, Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; ingrain,, brus-
sels, tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St.. Oakland: take West 8th car.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estah.
1609. 2122 Flllmore st: phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market at.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 'SO
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
DETECTIVE — Private detective: afl class»es le.
gltlmate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS. 816 O'Farrell. Phone Sntter 2034.
CHEW a Chiclet while you are thinking It
over 1 — wonderful help! •
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market
lir~ANDERSON, 26 O'Farrell et — Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costnmer. ¦
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 729 Market st.
EASY Installments for Men Ad Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st« bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you m fine Clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.3C9 Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Geary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADB suit $7 60; drees pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
I country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its nautral color.$l at all druggists'.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In - the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
<*1TT— £O^-«5 A i5i^
TuwT'KMssa ' ""
$1400 TO 12230.
DEVISADERO ST.
DUBOCE AVE.
Thousands of dollars have been spent grading
the new tract two blocks south of Halght and
Devisadero sts.
The streets have been sewered, graded and
bltuminizci and accepted by the city.
This tract is charmingly situated; it is pro-
tected frcm the wind by Buena Vista Park on
the weat and Duboce Park lies directly be-
low It.
The views of the city and lower bay are su-
perb; the lots are large, mostly 30 feet front,
thus assuring an abundance of light and sun.
Please rtote the low prices; lot on an ac-
cepted street within ten minutes' walk of
Haight and Market sts.. and a choice neighbor-
hood, too for only $70 per front foot.
THEY ARE GOING FAST.
33 SOLD TO DATE.
In order to Improve the property and give It
a character, a number of artistic houses have
been built by ths owner which will be sold at
absolute cost. on very easy terms.
How to get there— Take Halght-st car t»
Devisadero or Scott, walk two blocks south.
LYO.V & HOAG.
116 Montgomery st
GOING FAST.
• GOING FAST. .
Only 3 lots left in Panhandle block, put on
the market 3 weeks ago; low prices are selling
this property ao rapidly in the last of the
Panhandle block.o; best lots In the city for
residence or investment: no other property pays
so well when improved: only one business let
left; Just think. 20 lota sold In 3 weeks: be
quick or you will be left: block bounded hy
Halght. Waller, Clayton and Ashbury sts. - I
LYON * HOAG.
11C Montgomery st.
TWO ARTISTIC HOMES.
SOMETHING NEW IN STYLE.
Just completed, on the corner of Parnassus
and WUlard sts.; 50 ft. corners; 0 rooms and
bath; up-to-date In every respect; for sun, light
and view cannot be excelled.
Taw* Ellis or Halght st cars and transfer
to Masonic ave, which will bring you right to
the property; unsurpassed view of Golden Gate
Park bnd the ocean. Take somebody along
with you who understands building if you need
any pointers.
Don't forget to look at them, even if you
don't buy.
Price, $SCOO and $S500.
Agent will be on hand from 10 till 4 o'clock.
HOAG & LANSDALE.
106 MONTGOMERY ST.. 8. F.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract:
level as a billiard table; on grade; doe* to
fine school and Mission street electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine Iota, near
Ocean Boulevard: best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
otie for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE,
2G Montgomery St.. r. S. Phone Main 3704.
POST St.. bet. Octavia and Laguna. lot 23:10x
120 feet, running through to rear street; Im-
provements consist of 2 cottages; excellent
location for modern flats; $7500; terms; ad-
vertised first time.
Oceanslde cottage; a bargain; neat 4-room cot-
tage on 46th ave.; lot 25x114; $1700; price
reduced for quick sale; $100 cash, balance
like rent. f
W. N. RUSSELL. 301 California st, San
Francisco. Cal. .
FOR sale — Extra well built new house: only
one left of 22 recently built In this block; en
Ashbury Heights; a locality of elegant homes;
superb view; this home Is the home of home
building; contains 7 rooms (all sunny). b«.«-
ment and attic; plenty of large closets; we
have a model kitchen; you never saw one
like it; It will pay you to inspect this home.
b'J-i Clayton rt. 3 blocks south of Haight;
JOHN ST1ERLF.N, owner, on premises.
FOR SALE.
$5500 TO $6000.
Four extra well finished Colonial and Mis-
sion style houses of 8 rooms each; lots extra
width; Fifth ave. and Hugo sts.. one block
from the Park. Houses open dally for in-
spection, ,
A CONSERVATIVE INVESTMENT.
' On a large lot. 38x156 ft. centrally located
In the Mission, are 6 flats of 4 and 5 rooms,
with baths; price $12,500; rents $112 month-
ly: all rented and always rented; best renting
neighborhood In Mission.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st
$6500 — UP-TO-DATE 9-room residence. Just
finished: S15 Fell st, near FUlmore: open
for Inspection from 1 to 3 p. m. : th..< is a
bargain: see this before going elsewhere.
FOR sale— $.8500: 1322 Leavenworth et, bet
Clay and Washington; fine residence of 9
sunny rooms, bath, large basement, furnace,
storerooms; marine view. Call 2 to 4.
' CHEAP home; new, modern cottage; high
basement and attic; all street work com-
plete; easy terms. Inquire on premises. 437S
Mission st.
$1400— TERMS If desired; 38-ft front; block
of 19th and Valencia: street work complete.
The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $2000 HOME built to suit yon. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
A NEW 5-room residence. Just completed; see
owner. 525 Seventh ave., Richmond.
HOUSES built cheap; plans free. Builder,
room 436. Parrott bulldlnr.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. »33 Howard st
BEAT. ESTATE — COtmTBT — Tot **!».
$27,000—210 ACRES. 2 MILES FHOM ST.
Helena; most highly improved land; 64 acres,
resistant full bearing vineyard; homes fine
modern buildings (complete like city homes),
with gas plant, hot and cold ranning water;
telephone; splendid under ground sewer sys-
tem; latest patent plumbing, etc., with fine
redwood park and valuable water rights.
This Is one of the most complete country
homes in California. For particulars call at
1115 Broadway. Oakland, room 16, to owner.
DR. R. E. BAUSKE.
SALE or exchange for city property; aacrtllee:
163 acres. Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vtnes and grain; fully equipped aad
paying: beautiful place; gentleman's home.
8HADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st
TOR sale — S4 acres of good level land; sub-
divided Into small tracts if desired. This
land is right at Rutherford. Napa. County,
Cal. Call on or address the owner. T. B.
EDINGTON. at Rutherford. •
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERSt
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California, C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C48 Market st
BA3T MATEO BEAI. ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electric
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
• outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-off" will Join
the main line: 50-foot lots from $400 up.
terms from $10 to $50 down and balance at
rate of $10 a month; tewer and water pipes
in front of every lot; pure artesian well
water; over one-half lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity, to secure a lot
in this desirable section; take the electric
cars and get off at "LOMITA PARK" aad
Investigate; maps sent on application.
,'?= -SELBY.- RODGERS tc CO..
; ;" ¦¦*.: 116 California at-: Tel. Main 673.
gEAIi_ ESTATE TO EXCKAarOTB.
" FOlTsALE OR EXCHAN^SEL™^
160-acre fruit ranch, in full bearing; mostly :
peaches. 16 acres alfalfa, splendid buildings,
all necessary fruit houses, drier and trays.
In fact fully equipped for handling the crop;
price $25,000; will sell on easy terms or ex-
change for good property In San Francisco or
Oakland; good reasons for selling. J. H.
EDSON sole agent, 14 and 15 Bacon block,
Oakland. Cal.
BEAXi ESTATE WAIfTEI>.
¦ WANTED — To rent. 5 or 10 acres, with house
I and barn: must be good Improvements. Ad-
I dress R. B.. Acampo. care of R. Bryan. R.D.
- FBOFSBTY WASTED.
WANTED— House and few acres, near school
and car line: Berkeley or Palo Alto pre-
ferred: state lowest cash price sale or rent
Box 175. Call office.
PHTSICIANS AJTD STJXtGEOSrS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
102m Market it., bet 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073Vi Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now Io-
eated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
WONQ WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's
- treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter.
ALAMEDA APYERT'S'MTS
AIL A MED A BEAX. ESTATE.
FIND bargain; 2-story; high basement: nine
large rcoms; gas: bath: all good plumbing:
lot ICOxiCS; west side Lafayette St.; first-
class neighborhood: original price. $10,000:
can be tought for $BCCO: on easy terms.
E. D. JUDD CO..
ALAMEDA.
BERKELEY ADVERT'SWTS
ECRKCLKr HEAL ESTATE.
e>~~~- — ~~~> ¦ — - .~ - J^.--
WE rent and manage Berkel-y real estate. If
you own property In Berkeley it'll pay you
to have us manage It. Let us put good ten-
ants In your houses and collect your rents.
We'll make your property pay the limit of
profit. The very condition of our Jist of
vacant houses at present argues In the
strongest possible terms for your placing your
property in our hands. We need more houses
right now to meet an actaal demand.
If any of ycur property is lagging unpro-
fltably en your hands, place It with us and
we'll find ti-e tenant who wants It.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO..
2149 Center St.. Berkeley station. Key route
terminus
A. H. HERRMANN. Manager. ¦
WE sell Berkeley real estate and business op-
portunities, no matter what the worth or
whert located.
To the man who wants to buy.
If you want to buy any kind of real estate
in any part of Berkeley, we will guarantee '
to promptly fill your requirements and sare
you some money at the same time.
¦It doesn't matter what kind of property
you want, or how much or bow little money
you want to pay, you will get the beat pos-
sible service regardless of the size of t.*ie
transaction.
Write to-day and tell us just what kind
of a property you want.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE C<X.
2149 Center st. Berkeley station. Key root*
terminus.
A. H. HERRMANN. Manager.
— $35C0—
A CHOICE, home on Delaware St.. Berkeley; S
room* and bath; lot 40x133; new and modern:
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (lac.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st,
Oakland. ...»..;
6 ROOMS; modern; lot 40x73; fine location la
South Berkeley; 4 blocks from Key route;
$2tux>: $200 cash, balance like rent TV. N.
RUSSEX.L. 301 California st. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Modern 9-room house, nearly new,
near North Berkeley station; price $3500;
easy terms. Apply to owner. O. O. MAT.
2231 Cedar st. Berkeley. '
BEBPLCT BOOMS A3H> BOAJKD.
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 University are.; a fin*,
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
8ON.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'STO
TnjJXTTAJJi JBLUJLX, ESTATB.
f75O — CHOICE corner lot on Fruitvale ave.,
30x123; splendidly located: a snap. BEL-
DEN. 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
0AKLA2O) ADVERT'S'M'Ta
OFFICE, 10ia BROADWAY.
OAgUUTP KEAI. ESTATE.
DON'T miss this! Must be sold at once. Ele-
gant Queen Anne. 6 rooms, modern house;
sunny side of street; paneled dining-room;
pillared arch from, reception hall to parlor:
Quaker fireplace; porcelain bath: open
plumbing: large, aunny porch, with turned
posts; open lawn: cement walks around house
and only 5 short blocks from train; swell
neighborhood; price $3250. including large
gas range and vent hood; Deasy water heat-
er: only small cash payment required. $2500 —
Cozy bungalow cottage. 5 rooms; close to
trains: walking distance from 14th st an!
Broadway; small cash payment, with balance
lltte rent; lot 37xlOO.
Elegant corner lot. 32x95, on Telegraph
ave. ; walking distance from 14th st. and
Broadway; finest location for fiats or resi-
dence. Two ,new $10,000 residences. Just
completed, on opposite corners, making this
corner one of the best locations In town;
will build to suit buyer.
Also 2 inside lots. 32x95. $2000 each.
KREISS A HORSWILL.
The New Real Estate Firm,
1070 Broadway.
DR. MERRITT ESTATE PROPERTT FOR
SALE. ; .
We haTe been appointed exclusive agents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merritt Hospital
for the sale of all the property belonging to the
said hospital and fronting on Jackson. Madi-
son. Oak. Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. includ-
ing "The Willows," on Oak st.. extending back
t-> Lake Merrttt. recently under option to the
city of Oakland for park purposes; also toe
Merritt homestead.
We have both Improved and unimproved
properties to offer; most desirable residence
properties in Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE CS.
J. H. MACDONALD * CO..
10C2 Broadway.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTT.
We have been exclusively authorised to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
BAN FRANCISCO SAVING3 UNION
uod«r foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you waat
a bargain call or write us fcr particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway.
READ THI3 AD BY TUE ALDEN CO..
1233 BROADWAT.
A FINE PAYING INVESTMENT.
$3600—2 flats, with cottage and good lot; la-
come $43 CO per month.
$5000—2 good modern flats, well located, oa
a corner near Broadway: income $50 month.
$7000— New and all modern fiats. 9 larg«
rooms each, near Telegraph ave.. rented $70
month, and 4 new modern flats, 22 rooms,
central to Broadway, rented S99 month.
WE; HAVE PHOTOORAPJI3 OF ALL
THESE BARGAINS AT THE OFFICE OK
THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 BROADWAY. OAK-
LAND. -
BELDEN'S BAROAIN3.
$3<va— Extra choice lot in Lakeside district
for home or flats; 50x100; on Fourteenth, st.
near Madlvon.
$45O wilt buy a 2,3x123 lot on Seventh av«. ;
convenient to Key Route and lays- well up oa
the hill.
$1312 — Fine lot. 50x100. en Sixth ave.. near
East Tenth st; choice neighborhood and near
station. ,"".¦.
$1075— Lot 37:6x130, on Eighth st., naar
Campbell; reduced from liecO.
$f>3O will buy lot 104x133. or 50 feet for $330;
on Magnolia st. near Key Route: grab It quick
(or a speculation.
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE,
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
NICE modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt: close to new street car extension,
which wtll enhance value; 7 rcoms; lot S5x
222; $3150; $2C0 cash, balance like r»nt.
Six roonar., modern; line residence section; on
West st.: walking distance Key route: lot
33xll«: price $.1000; $20O cash, balance like
rent
Nine rooms, modern: lot 50x100; lying: high,
with cement retaining wall: la E*st Oak-
land, near new Key route service; $3300-
$300 cash, balance like rent.
Mansion in East Oakland: 14 rooms; 8 lots;
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
$6500; easy terms.
W. N. RU3SELL. 301 California st. Sao
Francisco, Cat
$875 CASH. $15 monthly: new bay-wtndow eot-
tage of. 4 rooms: ntee basement: brick foun-
dation: good. Al^wtli of water, chicken
houses; 14 lots, I<ux245; more ground may
be had cheap; sandy loam soil; an ideal
home, away from fogs and raw winds; near
cars' and fine grammar school; section build-
ing up fast; price In all $2000. Call or send
for circular. 455 7th st. opposite Broadway
station. Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. JONE9.
LOTS! LOTS! LOTS?
26 choice lots on Villa ave.. bet 8th and »th
ave... at Golden Gate Station. All cash, or
easy terms if desired. Will be on ground Sun-
day. b«t I<> a. m. and 3 p. m Week days.
C. K. KiNG. 4ft* Ninth St.. Oakland.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont;
fine neighborhood: good location; near car
line; wilt sell cheap: must be seen to be ap-
preclated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 875 36th st
J)A3^A3ro^rraKlT^)jtE^O»^»A^.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la furnH
tare. H. Scnelbaas. 11th st.eor.stors.Oaa'Iaadj
Continued on Page Fourteen*.
PERFUMED TOILET SOAP TO WANT AD PATRONS-FREE
TTKATXCIAX,.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Cajltal lild 11. $4.^00.000 00
Surplus. iHO.nOI SO
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
O'flce— No. 14 Sanscrae St.,
San Francisco. Cal.
¦ ¦
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate
rertifi ¦.¦*:-«. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
EANY. IC7-1CS Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
sjU- ftixms Eastern connection?; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. .'>-'-' Cros?l- y bldg.
nrairiTirKE jwAifTEP. .
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market ft. Tel. Jessie 701.
Don't rell your furniture, carp^tf. office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get hi* estimate.
WILL j-«y 2u per cent more for furniture than
dealers cr v.-Jll sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. a-Jc. 16T.G Market: ;>hcne Jessie 2530.
CALL en Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. txr-
fcre selling your furnitur*. Phone Red 4462.
FTJKTJITTJItE FOB SAX.E.
HENRY MAYUlt pays hlchest prices for fur- 1
nlture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 613 1
KELJP "WANTED — FEMAZ.E.
A— WANTED-^Girls to le«m hairdresslng,
ir.anlccrlr.g. etc.; trade taunht from A to Z
lr. 2 we*-ks; tuition $5 to those entering now; 1
ttr»e positions to fill Immediately; positions j
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school, in West. 211 Geary st., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall e«^aron: both seasons taught from start
to f. •:•>!: In one month for $5; positions aa
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Farlcrs. 141 Stockton st. r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslsg.
manicuring, electric marrage, etc. ; six hours' '
practice a day; guarantees pcsUtond; only
recognised college of its kind on coast: day
'and evening classes; ail parlor work at re-
Cuced prices. 133 Powell st
j WANTED— Reliable girl, general housework;
Swedish or German preferred. 1324 Fulton st.
I LADIES sfndl.is us short letters get $25 per
J00; ;*.y secure*, enciose sump..^ envolo.-vi.
Crown Manufacturing Co.. Vafparaiso. Ind.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for lares anJ em-
broSder>5. Apply Superintendent's office,
the Emporium.
WANTED — Seamstress for curtain and drapery
work. C. HAYNERT. S09 Mission St.
WANTED — Elderly lady; good home in family
of ?. Call to-m.-TTTOW 1320 Steiner et.
A YOUNG woman for second work. 432 Capp
street.
I WANTED— Every choir singer to try CHIC-
LETS.
GIRL to aoslst In care of young child; $15. 106
Walnut st.. cor. Jackson.
WANTED— German woman to do cooking and
housekeeping. 3417 Jackson st.
LADIES for steady home employment; $3 to
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.. rocm 61S.
FIRST-CLASS operator wanted: wage* $15 per
wt-ek. 509 Kearny st.. room 2.
A GIRL for general housework: must be a
good cock: family of 3. Apply 1132 Fell st.
WANTED — Glr! to do general housework: sleep
home. Apply 115 Fell st. apartment 23.
EXPERIENCED operator* on silk Bnd alpaca
waists; best pay. KONIGSTEIN. 28 First st
PROOFREADER— Girl who can read proof and
set type. Box 143. Call office.
HELP WAHTED — *r*TiTT
AT THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD
CO.
Ranchman, shoe horse and manage 6 men,
$50 and found.
4 men sell printers' output, good pay.
Clerk, competent to search legal records,
$75 to $100.
Porter, dry goods. $40.
Bookkeeper, aged 25 TJfTB^.^.slnsle,* $100.
6 b-jys. office and errands, $4 to $7.
Foda diypenser. experienced, $S 75. .
Neat boy, candy store, $7. • .
Experienced candy helper, $9.
Stenographer. 2 .hours, outside work,. $55.
Manufacturer's agent, small capital required,
$luQ.
Bookkeeper, knowledge of stenography. $40.
<_"ompetent insurance men, $15 to $40 week.
Many other positions open; call at office.
Open Thanksgiving day, 8 a. m. to 3 p. m.
Rooms 9-10. 51 Third st
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
S06 Market St.. room 325. fifth floor.
Office hours, a a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
stenographer $15 week
Manager department store $2T> week
Bill and entry clerk *1." week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker :. $15 week
Timekeeper $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $1S week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office work $15 week
Clerk, city or country $15 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
600 Market St.. room 325. flfth^floor.
" AT HORD & SMITH'S "
Contractors' Agents. U5 Third St.
Cranerman, couth. $3 60, hoes here.
Man to run wax thread machine, shoe fac-
tory. $1&. '
Man fur dye house, experienced. $15 to $20-
Solicitor for tea and coSee. big induce-
ments.
Man to handle nerve medicine, $1 and com-
mission. *
Amador County, teamsters, $2.
GEO. DAVIS &. CO., "
Employment Agency, 130 Eansome st.
Collector. $5O.
Drygoods man. $65.
Printing salesman. $15 week.
Junior clerk. $7 week.
Neat young man. between 23 and 23,
familiar with business circles. $40.
Office open to-day from 9 to 12.
SWISS. French and German help supplied on
shortest notice for private families, clubs,
hotels, restaurants and business houses; male
and female. L. STRAHL'S EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY, 8 Harlan place, off 317 Grant ave. ;
phone Main 5b66.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
_Head waiter. $70; bellboy. $15.
WANTED — Steel stamp and die maker; a good
position to the right man. Address, giving
" qualifications, references and salary expected,
Los Angeles Rubber Stamp Co., 224 West
First st. Los Angeles, Cal.
WASTED — Steady man for printing depart-
ment In wholesale house; must be familiar
with composition, make ready and presswork;
permanent position; give reference, experi-
ence and salary expected. Box 342, Call.
WANTED — A first-class all-round architectural
I draughtsman; one with experience; state
I terms and fullest particulars and references.
I Box 60. Monterey Road. San Jose.
j OFFICE boy; unusual opportunity for advance-
y ment. Address, own handwriting, "box 145,
! Call office.
I EXPERIENCED butter and tgf[ salesman for
wholesale house; state age. references. Box
4437, Call office.
WANTED— A cake baker for city. Box 178,
Call office.
WANTED — Every druggist In town to sell
CHICLETS.
WAKTED — Good male stenographer; state age,
experience and references. Box 400, Call.
BARDER wanted evenings, Saturdays and
Sunday*. Call eaily. 411 Devjsadera rt.
BARBER wanted at once; steady work. 904H
Foltcm stj_
I ALL-AROUND rook for boarding-house. SW.
i cor. Bay and Webster sts. ,
WANTED — An all around tailor and coatmaker
/cr country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.,
24 gutter .gt.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to* visit small
towns and write short articles for publica- ,
tion: $63 per month. Box 950, Call office.
GET your ehoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. C71 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or II .Third tt.. Examiner building. '
WANTED— Men to fill 300 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light la every room. 6S1 Howard, nr. 3d.
BARBER-SHOP for • tale; old established
place: fine location. 223 East st.
BARBER chop -for sale; good location. Corner
Van Ness ave. and Austin st. .
OLD <\jtablished 2-cbalr barber shop; good lo-
.eality; low rent. 2*03 Fclsom st^
MEN, learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 20 Steuart ct '
MEPICAXk •
LADIES who are in trouble or Buffering from
any. ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the Jiead. He guaran-
tees relief or no pay.'
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St., rocms 7 and. 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. - When in j
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; 1 guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1 ; est. 14 years.
VR. E. O. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male • troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1CCS% Market at., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETII. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; 2A years'
experience in female complaints without a
• failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fail see the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor St., hear Geary.
VALPEAU'S remale pills; best regulating pills
told; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS, I
wholesale druggists, j Seventh and Brcadway, |
Oakland. ;. -
DR. G. W. P'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaint!"; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free: Office, 1018 Market st.
LADIES suffering from irregularities. «ick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 210 Kearny
st. ; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 607.
DR7and"MRsTDA\nE3 arid HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market
LADIES — Kumround; safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggle^Drug Co., Kearny tt Clay.
DR. ROSEN. resi<!?nce 2905 Folsom st.. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SAXiB.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or iron
roof Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofa, and for .valleys, gutters,
decks balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Rooting Cement will stop small leaks. Write
i us about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
' rented and exchanged; see. Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery.' McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont St.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
* roents: goods delivered on ' first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., .21 Stockton st •
FOR sale — 7 tons ground chile; storage paid to
April 1. 1905; ground from first-class stock;
cost 15c per lb. net; submit offers. E. J.'
MERCEREAU. 411 Grant bldg., Los Angles.
A — BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, - 253-255 Spear st. : j
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the. PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st - ,
A SNAP — On account of sickness, 'delicatessen
store; good locality; near large apartment-
houses. Box 174, Call.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albeit suits. J; COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at v Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's ehoes at $.1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont- ¦
gomery St., room 12. upstairs. ~ . \ .
MACHINERY for stern-wheef steamer; large
marine boiler, 50 and 150 h. p. ; surface con-
denser. JARDINE, 220 Fremont st.
ARK 2 rooms, 4 beds; cheap. W. C.
.DONNELLY, 641 Market st.
NICKEL-IN-SLOT upright Regina : 12 tunes;
new; cheap. 617 Commercial, st.
CHEAP — 15-jeweled Elgin gent's watch; new;
20-year cage. Box 166. Call office.
HIGHEST' cash pricjvpald for. diamonds at
PAUL V. OARIN'S, 114 Sutter st. .
DEEP- WELL drilling outfit; steam power.
William Edward & Co.. Ill Fremont st.
STOVES disconnected and connected: $2 50;
plumbing. gasfltng. 409 McAlllster;tel.Mlnt 31*3
TO WE Y' 8 furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 623 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $73. SE-
CURITY LOAN A TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE_Ca i _307JDattery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. -46 Fremont st.
MIBCEI.UHrEOTTS WAHTS.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.Davto 825. 60O Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., room 40a, Ad-
ams bldg.. 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
Levy & Redler\ highest price for gents' cast-oft
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 616 Washington
TILTON wants good second. hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 3916.
MONET TO X.0AV.
LOAN COMPANY~(incT)^
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-103 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 6924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, ~ '
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
8ave expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgagee, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property, -
Location, etc.
Box 223, Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month; lire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers.
SALARY LOANS— ~~~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
1 lty or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
i removal; no publicity;; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
• liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. -Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried ¦ people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 48
principal cities. Tolman, 633 Parrott bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security;, diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal-
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
'private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rtn: 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. UESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st. '
HELP WAK ]ypJP^jy_AXE— Conttan **Lj
A— MURRAY & READY, <534-«::6 Clay St.
Phone Main ."{$ IS.
Leadins Employment and Labor Agent".
We upeak the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Dcnish languages. - • .
IOCS We Gave 1004 We Hope to
tO, CCO Men Work. Increase CO. 000.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Gralner and Dainter $3 r>o day.
FARMS— DAIRIES.
14 farmer?, plow teamsters. $20 to $35 fd.
4 miikers. S:iO to ?to and found; 0 choremen
anil boys, private and ranchers.
Mlliman. furniture faotorv.
FARMER AND WIFE. ,
Foreman and wife. Oregon. $100 year.
COOKS. ETC.
14 -cooks, waiters and kitchen help, city and
country; portor. butohers.
1 Andrew Steiger. cook please communicate.
SA1LMAKKRS. " ~
f> sailmakers steady" job. city, ?2 50 to $4
day.
PRUNERS.
10 pruners. larse orchard. Placer Count}',
winter's Job, ?1O.
PIE BAKER.
Pie baker, city job. 5t-ariy, $15 week.
PAINTERS. . '
Painter, cottage work on ranch. $35 and
found; young man around machinery, hotel,
f"5 and found.
MINERS.
5 miners, gold mine. S75. , ;
PLASTERERS.
3 pla«terer*. city Jobs, $5.
MURRAY & READY, C.T.4-0:;6 Clay St.
MEN— The only original Moler Barber College j
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning. I
New «juarter3 and new appliances. ' J
Call cr write for illustrated catalogue.
Meier Barber College, fi4ft. Sacramento st.
Lately moved from Clay st. . '
HIGH~~GRADE~ "POSITIONS OPEN.
Clerical, technical and salesmen, paying
from $1000 to £5000 year; communication
strictly confident lei; offices In St. Louis and
S oth«r cities. Call cr vrrite Pacific Commer-
cial Bureau (Inc.), $'>5 Mutual Bank bldg.
, A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registerad
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray,
hut active; positively no other; no traveling:
salary J200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st. _^ .
WANTED — M«n to prepare for railway mall j
and custom-house positions. Apply for free I
I catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
1 Grar.t bldg., 1095 Market st.
I WANTED — Laborers' and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms .to the Denver House, 1
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoe.*, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d ft.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.. 78c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
chips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy., r.410.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.,- O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at ltrfiS Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Oren until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL «lzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 •Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOBSES_AK1>_W AGO WS.______
FOR «ale — 1 black horse, lady can drive, and
rubber tire runabout. Call at grocery, south-
east corner Goidcn Gate ave. and Buchanan
Etreet.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. 3. F.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY. Pres., 510 Golden Gate
FOR sale — Good horse and wagon; cheap. 159
Second «t.
OPEN hack. S200: good condition. Apply Bet.
10 and 11. G2S Ninth ave.. Richmond district.
WANTED — Two horses in exchange for piano.
BYRON MAUZY, 3C8 Pest st. '
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
FOR sale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale ft.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har.
ness, work & driving horses. 15th-Valenda.
HOUSESJTO^I,ET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; S rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
TO let — Rear hous»e; 4 rooms; 1332 Larkin st.
Apply 1350 Larkin st.
HOTJSES TO I.ET— rTJBKISHEP.
COMPLETELY' furnished house; will rent
whole or part: call mornings. 1618 Jackson.
A MODERN sunny furnished hou«e. 10 rooms.
2 baths, garden, yard; whole, part. 419 Oak.
HOTELS.^
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness" ave.—
Thie first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
seascn or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langhazn,
X. Y., and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
HOUSE-CIiBAWng'Q OFFICES,
JAPANESE housecleanlng company and shoe-
maker. «18 Gough ft.; phone Howard 3583.
INVESTMENTS.
RARE bargains — 100 American Marconls. $4;
1000 Rhoderick Dhu, 2Sc: all other stock on
eimilar terms. E. COWPER-THWAITE,
Stockton, Cal.
LOST AMD rOTTOTP.
LOST — Monday, pocketbook, with patters of no
value except to owner; no questions asked;
please return to Janitor I. O. O. F. Hall,
GEORGE W. PAYNE. , '
LOST— Bankbook on German Savings and Loan
Society; reward for return at bank or 1367
Ellis st. MRS. OUSSIE DOBRIN.
LOST — Cocker spaniel, near Van Nese ave.;
name "Tiger" on back of collar. >. 406 Sutter
et.. room 36, bet. 1 and 3; reward. : '
LOST — White goat, brown spot on neck and
shoulder; reward. 2CS Surrey st.. Glen Park.
LOST— Pair of rimless eyeglasses In case; re-
turn to 1111 Buchanan st.; reward.
LOST— Black cutaway frock coat in tryon
form. Reward at 541 Market st.. upstairs.
LOST — Monday evening, one pair of specta-
cles in case. Reward at 510 Mason St.
FOUND — An opportunity to sell CHICLETS
by a live confectioner.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 11 pagea, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. '
I^TTSrCHES FOB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.: tor pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A *mall upright, good order $33
One a little better, a- snap $ys
Etodart. mahogany caae, fine condition. .$135
Grovestc'n & Fuller, full size concert.. $143
Fischer, thoroughly repaired ....; $160
Bechsteln. a high-grade German Instru-
ment :....$170
Also a Chlckering, Vose, Stelnway, Weber, I
Mason & Hamlln, Sterling and many others
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON 16
O'Farrell st
I»EAUTIFUL new ,upright pianos for rent $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House, 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprlghts.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500
Plerce's Piano Factory. Market &. 14th sts.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzv pianos, Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 10 McAllister it.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickerlng baby grand -
, Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe'g. 2S5 O'Farrell.'
MATTRESSES ANP PILLOW8,
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning.' HOPKE
1 BROS.. 1422-34 Howard St.; phone South 218.
ratPLOTJUEITT WA2JTEU-— Male— Con.
AN A No. 1 Bhoc Mlefpjan. with twelve years'
HQtriCMCt «* head of department in enf of
:!.<• !:r.i:»t rure* in Sun Fraacisca. is anxious
«or a i>iac* in pr mat of city: can furnish j
cst 0< rffeixnc**; SO year* old; am em- I
t !<jyed til f.r*-««u. l;ut nnxicu* 10 better my
condition. Fcr en interview uddrcts bcx 17y.
1 Call office.
.'. »— FIHS-T-CLA.SS painting, papcr^hcngln?:.
listing and J'-coraiing by thoroughly experl-
"*cr«i nice hi. :;'..•. 1 y the day rr Job; wcrk
guaranteed, ur.-t l>-viradero rt. - 1
I T:'. 'GOIST. 20. 7 years' experience, speaks !
<;-rmar.. English. French. be«t references, j
1 ->.•*; position: j hone Red 4S35. BRUNO
LOgWC. 31 « Ma^on st.. city.
'. V'_H"NG German go<-*!n salesman, knowl-
• >ige <,f lins-lish, French. Russian, desire? |
•lorltlon in ttig :aercantil«- h<-use; best refer- j
' "****.¦ Vcx **"• rai! office.
V«'U"NG Bus. tern wan wants steady employ- <
:i;«-r.t: r.o saioon wark; dishwashing, porter or j
l.ir.iicr. cr n-i:i d->> any. kind of honest v.-ork. |
_l.exJ47._Csll.
1'I.IiF-P.LY man. email, neat, attlve. lntelll-
i^nt. *\mtH lUac* ¦ niosisoii^er. watchman or
Boa 4*:». Call.
OAHI1ENER waxts prfiUon: is also CrM-cla!-s |
coachman; «m»kt anJ reliable; btft c'ty and
country references. Box CS. Cell office.
KARKER wants work evenings and Saturday j
and Sunday; first -claes barber. Dos. 14>". Call.
UXrniUENCED. trustworthy : v.ung man {
ws.nt» position a» gardener: bandy with ¦
tools; r.c; afraid tr> wnrk; tend to hcrSf. ir.ilk; .
references. Bcr IKsi, Call office.
AN rxprrt eteacgraj 5:er and typist (owns rr.a- .
chine) f.-anls -\;ra v. - ork: at liberty n'ter I j
T- *ii- tv.d all <ijy Saturday*; verbatim re- 1
pcrt-'ng. Bex r^'-V Call.
KOT, 16 y»ars old. resiJirf with parents.
Uercr-an, wi«her work <-f any kind. Pl-nse
secret AL b'PgCKTEB. C'^'j Natoma st.
KLL'EHLT active man as chor-n-.an ¦ r take
cere ,/. fco:«e »t.£ garden: visors $10 p-:r
BMCtfs. Bex "7. Call. j
CANDV mafcer frcm rh« E.--st; understands ,
all brac-h*-*. retail or wholesale, also ice- •
cream, ii Ccisr ave.
nRPT-CLAb'S clored man would like, a po- j
¦tttm in private farr.ily as butler or cook.
*4>ply at HMJ Clay rt.
COAiTIMAN: thoroughly competent; willlr.g i
and obliging: car. also care 'cr garden aa<i !
milk; g<-u<l reVneTso^s. Hex C3. Call ofacc.
AN elderly man wnnts work in a small «tabie. ;
I'Xjrirs-house «.r any kind of light work. Ad-
dress r-ex er.. Call cfflc*.
GASDCXER wants pcilticn: :« aisWtrt -class
hor**:r.aij ; tdbn and reliable; best city and
ojiur.try referecc»E. Box CS, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER. »-jyer. time, stock or supply
f!»rk. ty <"fmp<"t«'Tit man on railroad, in mill.
! rr.i^e <r carr.^. P-^x C73. Call office.
V. ANTKD— A po*;tinn as helper to a photo-
Craph printer to perfect my*e!f in co:ntner-
'ial ihct^graphy. Bex 9*4. Call.
A RELIAELE man desires' any kind position
of trust; experienced In w'.ne and liquor busi-
nt**. Addrtss bcx C60, Call office.
GKRMAX. "?• years of age. steady and fiber,
used to hard \rcrk. wishes any kind of work.
\ddress J. F.. 125 Third st.. S. F.
A GERMAN wants position to take rare of
pla^ roomings and evenings. Box 165, Call.
A YOUNG man war.ts position cf any kind;
«ood worker. IVx 140. Call office.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan buyding,
wants work. Bo* 173. Call.
By first-class barber, position In
I short-hour sh^p. Box 47R. Call efflce.
CARRIAGE painter, striper ar.d letfrer will
- ¦ ar.jwhrre. Address box C7. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind: has had
f-.me experience at hrusework. Box 66. Call.
I«7SS barber, steady man. wants $4 50 day;
weekly pl«c*>. Box Ut, Call.
WOODTURNER. fJrrt class, good shepworker,
wants str-ady position. Roehnlsch. 039 Jessie.
A CH1KE8E experienced, first-class cock. Knr-
•Ilsh. Fif-n'-h wiFhes position; city: nrst -class
hotel, family or hcardinjr-hou!«e: best meat
snd pastry cooking: clean and neat; good
reT>r*-nces : satisfaction. CHARLEY \V., 1113
<"lay rt.. tele-.hon» BlarV HCT.8.
FIRFT-CLA?? C!i!n«f(. family cook wants situ-
ation. Pe* YOT'NG. 734 Jackson st.
CHINEFE. flm-class hotel cook, wants a po-
t-tlcn V K.. 744 Sacramento st.
HITLER — Competent Japanese butler w!yh«s
p«:tion: city or country; has best recom-
m«nr!a!lon and long experience. SHIOZAKI.
3S'i Oarr ft.
A NEAT young Japan<»se wants position ae
waiter en table, to do housework in good
fatrily. speaks good English. F. N., 509
Sutter tt.
YOUNG Jar*"*** bry wants a position as,
school boy. A. B.. 1304 Post st. ; phone
gutter 41^2.
JAPANESE experien^d waiter, wants steady
p<-»!ti'n by the hour. TAKA FUJI. 1210B
Larkin ct.
JAPANFSE bey war.ts a position ae schoolboy
or to dt> hiiusfwork. A<i<!re5<! 703 Larkin St.;
pbooc Park «7»>2.
JATANE.sk. nire boy. wants a siutatlon as
ecboolboy; s,-fak> EngliFh; wages no object.
M. S.. l.'iOS Larkin rr.
GOOD Jai«ne*e war.ts a position to do cook-
ing or housework in a nice family. J. NA-
KAI. iC-iS Washington st.
A TOUNG Japanese boy wants position as
schoolboy. GEORGE. 414 Stevenson St.; phone
_ Howard 327C.
A G<X)l> Js; ,-¦ -, boy wants a position • =
schoolboy in city; wages no object. H.
FRANK, r.15 Eddy st.
COOK, first-class, Japanese, wants position;
r<x-xl references; wages $8 a week up: phone
Hyde 1675. H. NAKAMURA. 417 Jones st.
JAPANESE boy wants cocking and house-
work; $4 a week up; phene Hyde 1675. I.
TAMOTO. 417 Jcnes rt.
-¦%
JAPANESE, Br»t-clas» iaundryman. wants a
fitaatioji in private family: city or country;
references. J. A.. 1301 S Lejkin St.
JAPANESE bedmaker wants work boarding-
house or rocmlng-house: speaks English well.
Write to WILLIAM, r. 1. 10S Prospect place.
JAPANESE High School student wants a posi-
tion: understands cricking: has recommenda-
tions. T. IMAI, 639 Stevenson st.
CHINESE, flrst-cla*« family cook: $35. $40:
et»y or country. W. S. KEE, 615H Dupcnt
St.. room 2».
JAPANESE wf»ul3 like to work In family. A.
B.. a Mir.na st.
CHINESE first-class family cook wants posi-
tion. 714 VaFhlngton st.
A BRANCH office of The Cal! for the recep-
tion cf advertiFem^cts and rubscriptions has
¦ -«-.- opened at 100^ Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Or»n urti! II r>. m.
ECXEXA CUKE.
$1CO FREE for any cate cf eczema, salt rheum
or Kirber itch that I can't cure; a trial treat- '
r-.er.t fre> CR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st. |
FUTSTO &ET. J
A^KOUSER and f.ats to let: an Immense list: I
e»j-vice absolute!}- free: take advantage of
thl* department: It will gave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co."! 243-59 Geary
ct-. en the square.
, == -
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our U«*: •ervlce absolutely free; let us flad
you a place; con-.e In and let us know what
rcr.t you want to pay ind the locality: "w«
Ao therrst." Sterling Furniture Company.
10'a Market st.. opp. McAllister. •
IT' iDEHN upper fiat. 3 rooma acd bath: rent
f~T2 Z». 3*23 Twenty-fourth st., nr. Church.
KfiDKRX lower flat. 5 rooms and bath- rent!
S21 5-0. SS31 Twenty-fourth Et. I
!CEW mr>d*TO flat cf 6 rooms: sun In every
r 'x>m; 50. 2C0C Folsom St.. near 22d.
tit NCIIEz! 115 — A new modern flat of 7
room*; rent reasonable.
622 60— NEW modem flat. 5 rooms, bath and
basement. 1S2 Kureka st.. near Eighteenth.
FIFTEENTH. SCST— Basement Rat. 4 rooms.
•SU. Apply on premises.
EAKER. 2110— gunny basement Hat. 3 rooms.
i arh. gas; $12 SO.
LARGEJT list of houses and Cam to let Call
ra LTOX A HOAG. 11C Montgomery st.
IPPE3 Cat. T. sunny rooms: bath. Call bet.
" txd fl p. in.. 7-J2 California et.
REDUCED — Modern runny upper flat, 7 large
-rrjoras: rolr.r to Mcatana. 017 Jones st.
near Bush; phone Larkin «23.
t-ROOJi corner Cat. completely furnished; in
good rendition; cheap. Bcx 1&3, Call otflce...Dissipation is "a thief that steals the
sense ae well as the' dollars.
Mrs. Elizabeth LMjevy Passes Away.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 23.— Mrs.
Elizabeth L." Levy,' aged 78 y§ars, died
inj this 'city to-day. She was a Cali
fornia pioneer. She- had lived in Sac
ramento" for'flfty years..
FRESNO. Nov. 23.— The double funeral
of Mrs. Bigby and V. A. King,
who were shot last Sunday night by J.
C. Bigby.Mrs. Bigby's husband, while
in a Jealous rage, was held to-day from
Zibn Baptist Church. They,were buried
from the church in front of which they
were killed. One service was said over
the remains of both victims, 1 and one
.set of pallbearers handled the caskets.
Funeral of Murderer's Victims.
Death of n Weaverville Banker.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 23. — C. F.
Smith, a banker of Weaverville, died
this morning at Burkes. The deceased
was a member of the Knights Templar
and an escort from Santa Rosa Com
mandery will accompany the remains
to Weaverville. N *
Appoints Appraisers in Davis Estate.
FRESNO, Nov. 23.— Superior Judge
George E. Church has appointed ap
praisers in the (5,000,000 estate of Jane
Davis, over which there is being waged
a hot fight in California and New
York. Public Administrator B. D. Chit
tenden of Fresn/> County has had let
ters issued to him, but a contest for an
nulment is now on by heirs of the es
tate. In New. York the presentation of
an old will for probate Is being fought.
Chlttenden is proceeding as though he
was certain of victory.
SAILED.
Wednesday. Nov. 23.
Stmr Norwood, Martin. Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 23 — Schr Henry
Wilrcn. h»nce Nov 14.
Sailed Nov 2.1— Schr A B Johnson, for Re
dondo: stmr Grace Dollar, for San Francisco;
schr Ocear.a Vance, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov !3 — Stmr Queen,
hence Nov "1; Br atmr Moana. from Sydney.'
Sailed Nov 23 — Fr ship La Rochefoucauld,
for Australia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ASTORIA. Nov 23— Schr Webfoot. from
Coos Bay. for San Francisco, was towed in
here to-day at 4:15 p m water-logged and
dismasted.
There are about 200 railway compa
nies in England and Wales alone, and
about twenty-five each in Scotland and
Ireland, making a total of fully 250 sep-
Aaron Martin, Insurance Man, As
saulted 011 Stevenson Street by
Throe Unknown Ruffians.
j. Three^men assaulted and robbed
j Aaron Martin, an agent for the Metro
1 pblitan Life Insurance Company, this
morning about 1 o'clock and> robbed
him of a gold watch, a diamond ring
and $20 in coin. The robbery occurred
on Stevenson street, near Sixth.
Martin says that he was walking
down Stevenson street, near Sixth,
when he was approached by the men,
! who asked him a few questions and
1 started a fight. ' All three jumped on
• the victim and beat him severely.
When he recovered consciousness
Martin reported the case to Policeman
Dowd, and the latter assisted the in
surance man to the Emergency Hos
pital, where it was found that the pa
tient was suffering from a fractured
jaw and was badly bruised.
Martin, lives at 32 Moss street. He
could not give a very good description
of his assailants.
THREE THUGS BEAT
AXD ROB A CITIZEN"
IiATE SHIPPING IXTEX1L.IGEXCE.
The members elected to the fraternity
are: From the class of 1892. Charles
Ernest Chadsfey, Watson Nicholson;
class of 1S93, Clella Duel Mosher. Walter
Alcott, Smith, Clarke Butler Whittier;
class of 18S4, Lucile Eaves, Bertha de
Lacuna i'Mrs. W. W. Price), Laura
Frederica de Laguna, Glanvllle Terrell;
class of 1895, David Lafayette Arnold,
Clara Winifred Caldwell (Mrs. C. B.
Whittier), Bertha Louise . Chapman.
Jefferson Elmore, Benjamin Oliver Fos
ter, Richard Wellington Husband. Er
nest Delos Magee. Katherine Louise
Nash (Mrs. C. C. Thomas), Mary Myr
tle Osborne, Cora Milllcent Palmer
(Mrs. S. R. Yarrow), Henrietta Louise
Stadtmuller, Britton Day Wlgle,- Elsie
Alice Wigle, Gilbert Griffin WIgle, Min
nie Brooks Yoder (Mrs. H. C. Lucas);
class of l?05. John Peabody Harrington,
Glenn E. Huntsberger, Mabel Porter.
Olga S. Tarbell, Katherine Ethel Trap
hagt-n.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 23.
At a meeting last night nt the recently
organized chapter of Phi Beta Kappa
twenty-nine persons were elected to the
scholarship society. Twenty-four of
the persons honored are graduates,
while five will graduate next May. In
next April a meeting will be held to de
cide which other graduates are deserv
ing of the honor. y
Twenty-Nine Students and Graduates
Mndc Members of Phi Beta
Kappa.
ELECTED TO STANFORD
SCHOLARSHIP SOCIETY
SALES.
Morninsr Session.
1000 Independence 33
Afternoon Session.
1000 Junction T. 13
Mining Stocks.
SAN # FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning: Session — Comstocks.
300 Andes 24| 300 Hale & Norc. 76
200 Belcher 20| 300 Justice ....V. C5
200 Caledonia ...•* 47* 200 Mexican 1 10
300 Chollar 14| 300 Ophlr , 2 15
! 300 Con Cal & V.I 701 400 Potosi 18 !
300 Con Cal & V.lflSl 200 Sierra Nev 42 1
100 Exchequer ... 4ti| 600 Sierra Nev 41
800 Gould & Cur. 23! 400 Unlon»Con 53
100 Hale & Norc. 75|
Afternoon Session — Comstoeks.
1C0 Belcher 21|1000 Gould & Cur. 2»
200 Caledonia .... 47i Hale & Norc. Si
100 Chollar i«| 100 Overman 15
100 Con Cal & V.I 80| 4uO Union Con 5t
300 Exchequer ... 45|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
< Bld.Ask.! Bid.Ask.
Alpha '. 12 lti Julia 05 07
Alta 08 OSiJuKtlce OR IB
Andes 24 23'Ktntuck \>'i 03
Belcher 20 22*Lady Wash ..02 04
Best & Belch.l 10 1 15JMexican 1 10 1 15
Bullion 23 25| Occidental ... «2 80
Caledonia 17 4T"Ophlr 2 20 2 25
Challenge ... 13 l&*->verman 13 15
Chollar 16 17|Potosl IS 19 1
Confidence ... 85 00 Scorpion 05 07
Con Cal & V.I SO 1 8S!Savag:e 2»i 27
Con Imperial. — nijsefr Belcher... Cr> C6
Con N Y (XI C4| Sierra Nev 42 4 4
Crown Point.. 17 ISSllver Hill 53 T5
Eureka Con.. — roi c t Louis .... — f*
Exchequer ... 44 4G| Syndicate 03 05
E. Sierra Nev m t}T,\Vn'.on Con ... 51 56
Gould & Cur. 24 . V.'.irtah 07 00
Hale & Norc. 87 S»| Yellow Jacket. 17 18 1
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS. I
Morning Session. j
.100 Cent Eureka. 1 4M ICO Ton Belmont.. €S
10n Mont Ton..l 72Vil SCO Ton Midway.. 36
1000 N Y Ton Con 12| 4OO Ton N Star... 17
400 Ray & O'Brfen 071 2C0 Ton of Nev.. .8 7. r >'
ICCO Rescu* 10| 500 Ton Ohio 30
1C0O Sandstorm ... 321
i Afternoon Session.
! 500 Columbia ISi 500 Rescue OS
! 2OO Gold Anchor. 21|torr> Ton Oo!d Mt. 10
1 1C0O Paymaster .. 0<;i COO Ton N Star... 17
; 1500 Rescue A C9|
i CLOSIXG QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
I Bid. Ask.; Bid.Ask. j
] Ton of Nev.. — » CO] Rescue — CS ;
: Mont Ton ...1 75 1 SOITon & Cal 16 20;
: Ton Extcn . .1 S5 2 COIRay & O'Brien — CS
• MacNamara . 24 25lPaymaster ... f.5 Ott '
1 Ton Midway.. 34 SUJMttle Ton..; 42 — j
i Ton Belmont.. fi« e9|Esi:eranza 01 C2
Ton N Star... 17 isiGoId Anchor.. 20 — I
Ton Ohio — 30'Qulncy 11 — -
West End ... 14 — |N Y Ton Con. — 12 j
Ton Gold Mt. — 1G| I
: GoldHeld. I
'Sandstorm ... 20 — I Jumbo — 55]
Red Top .... 12 U|jumbo Ex ... IS — !
Goldfield Mhk — 13, Vernal MIn . . "S 111
Columbia — 18!Goldneld 55 TO
; I>lamondfleld. 24 — | '•
! TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
1 Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
; Mornlns Session,
j 2700 BullfroK MIn. 501 11.500 Red Top ... 11
I 4500 Dlamondfleld. 25! r.Of» Red Top 10
• 275 Goldfield Mhk 171 550 Ton Belmont.. 70
1C00 Jumbo 55^T.fit> Ton Gold Mt. 16
1000 Jumbo fu%T. 700 Ton Midway;. 36
i 1000 MacNamara . 2514000 Ton Midway.. 35
I 100 Mont Ton..l 72'A'IOOO Vernal MIn ..OS
j 1W0 Mont Ton ...1 751
! Afternoon-Session.
2700 BulIfroR Min. 50|15CO MccNarnara :. 25
ICOf) Cent Eureka. 1 50| 100 Mont Ton...l 77U
2C00 E.'peranza ... f:1 11000 N Y Ton Con. 12
, 200 Gold Anchor. 1511400 Red Top 11
I ICO Goldfleld Min 5«i200O Rescue OS,
! 1000 Hnzel Kirk .. 12' 100 Ton Belmont.. <S
j 100O Jumbo Ex .. 17r;5C0 Ton N Star... 16
j 100 Jumbo .151
; CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
! . Bld.Aslc.l Bid.Ask.
! Adams OS * — IMacNamara '.. 25 21
i Black Butt*.... 10 — iMIzpah Ex .. — 13
[Blue Bull M. — 25|Mont Ton. ..1 75 1 82Vi I
i Booth M Co. 12 — N.Y T Con M 11 12
! Bullfroir MIn. 55 5-llPaymaster ... — 06 '
! Columbia in 21 1 Ray Exten .. — OS i
Dlamondfield. 28 3O'.Ray A O'Brien .04 OS
Esperanza ... — 01|Ray Ton 11
Gold Anchor. — ISlRed Top 10 11
Ooldfleld B Bl 07 12IRe*cu<? — 09
Goldfleld B&R OS — IHothwell G M. 10 50
Goldfleld Dmil — 2CiSandstorm ... — ' 30
. Gldfld Gt Bnd — lRlTon Belmont.. fi8
,' Golilfield MIn 56 57|Ton & Cal 15 20
Goldflelri Mhk 17 — |Ton Cash Boy — 12
Gldfld Red L — 07ITon Ex ...1 87^ 2 C5
Oolrtfleld S Pk — lSlTon & Gt W. — 02
Gold Mt Con. — 02|Ton Gold Mt. IS Ifl
Hnzel Kirk .. — 12ITon Midway., va 3<j
Jim Butler .. — r.JlTon Nev..S 62>4 8 87>i
1 Jumbo 51 r.*ITon N Star. .. 16 —
• Jumbo Ex ... 17 l«|lTnIted Ton .. — 07
Little Ton .. 40 — |Vernal Min ..07 —
Lucky Bldwln — OSIWest End .... — 19
i Lucky Tom.. 03 ,0S| •
"Less than half a century ago the
heaviest gun known was the 68
pounder. This gun was about nine
inches bore, and fired a 68-pound pro
jectile, with a 16-pound charge of gun
powder, but was powerless against
four and a half inches of wrought
iron. Our battleships to-day are
equipped with 12-lnch guns, which,
with a charge of 400 to 425pounds
of' smokeless powder, are cap'able of
driving an 850-pound projectile
through fifty-one Inches of solid
wrought iron. In olden times It re
quired nearly four minutes to load and
fire one of the now obsolete 68-pound
ers, while the new- terrible 12-inch
guns can be loaded and fired in about
fifty seconds with perfect safety.
• "If a projectile from one of the old
68-pounders hit its mark it was due to
good luck rather than to good man
agement, but it is a matter of proud
record that our modern 12-inch guns
have scored seven hits in less than
six minutes at target practice, while
our 6-inch gun has a record of nine
shots and nine hits in one minute."
The statistics of a modern 12-Inch
breech-loading rifle, as turned out by
the naval gun factory, makes an inter
esting showing. Its weight is 101,300
pounds, or over 45 tons. Its total
length, 36 feet 8 inches. The greatest
diameter of gun body is 45 inches; total
length of bore, 419.20 inches; capacity
of chamber, 12,043 cubic inches; total
capacity of bore," 51,355 cubic inches;
travel of projectile, 346.06 inches;
weight of charge, service velocity, 425
pounds; weight of projectile, 850
pounds; ratio of projectile pressure, 15
tons; muzzle velocity (service). 2100 feet
per second; thickness of steel which
shell will perforate at muzzle, 24.16
inches;, at 1500 « yards, 20.94 inches.—
Washington Star.
'.'This general development is not due
alone to improvements in guns or pow
der, or projectiles, but to the simulta
neous and progressive development of
all three.
Speaking of the development in the
defensive powers of the modern guns of
the American navy, as illustrated at
the Washington naval gun factory, an
experienced machinist and advance
worker said to a Star reporter:
POWER OF MODERN* GUNS.
Great credit for the handling of these
vast supplies of war materials and for
the complex recording of all receipts
and expenditures in the large establish
ment is due Major Jesse B. K. Lee,
chief clerk to the superintendent of the
naval gun factory and his force of as
sistants. ~-
The necessity of the proposed im
provements can be in a measure illus
trated by a summary of the great work
accomplished, in the past fiscal year
and that under way at the naval gun
factory. The expenditures for the year
for ordnance work and • materials
amounted to $5,353,120. The value of
finished work sent out from 4.he factory
during the last year was 56,335,106. The
reason given for the excess «of value
shown in "finished work sent out" over
that of expenditures for the year is that
a lot of the work finished was com
menced in the preceding year and in
some cases the year before, but goes
into the accounts with this year's pro
duct. The value of .unfinished work in
hand at the beginning of the present
fiscal year was 56,600,000.
It Is an axiom that money, material
and labor are more carefully expended
under strict supervision at the naval
gun factory than in almost any other
department of the Government. Every
ounce of metal and every minute of la
bor expended is requi: to be accu
rately accounted fc-r, it is said.
During the past year shipments' of
ordnance material (guns, etc.), were
made to 117 United States naval ves
sels in commission, the total weight of
the articles shipped being 6,356.000
pounds, and to the proving ground at
Indian Head 33.566.000, or a total of 39,
922,000 pounds of ordnance material
sent out of the gun factory.
WORK ACCOMPLISHED.
IX. is the purpose of tne naval au
thorities to make Improvements at the
-Washington navy yard commensurate
with its importance as one of the best
big gun factories in the world, pro
vided Congress will be reasonably and
fairly liberal in the matter of appro
priation at its next and succeeding ses
sions.
In addition to the one-million-dollar
improvements now under way, as ex
clusively described in the Star several
days ago. Improvements have been rec
ommended for next year amounting
approximately to three million dollars.
The necessity for the new buildings
and machinery at Uncle Sam's great
gun foundry at the navy yard has been
apparent for some thne in order that
the plant can keep pace with the de
mands of the rapidly growing and su
perb American navy.
The new. buildings which -the gun
foundry officers have recommended are
stated to be: A new sighting shop and
the necessary machinery; a new brass,
iron and steel foundry and the neces
sary appliances; a new gun shop for
the manufacture of medium and small
caliber guns, with new machinery; a
new locomotive house for the use of
the locomotives of the gun factory
railroad; a new forge shop; extension
of the east and west gun carriage shops
Ly erecting new shops on the site at
present occupied by the old foundry; a
new pattern shop; a fireproof pattern
storehouse; a muster house /or muster
ing the thousands of employes.
There was a pathetic scene at the
apartments of the couple at the Al
hambra to-day when Drake was taken
into custody by an officer from the
prison. His wife had previously an
nounced her intention of remaining
loyal to him and helping him to live
down the past, but she was prevailed
upon by her mother to return to her"
home in Cincinnati.
Drake, whose age is given as forty
three, was formerly a well-to-do citi
zen of Tiffin, Ohio, where he was the
agent - of a life insurance company.
Since he was released on parole he has
claimed to own valuable mining claims
ir. Mexico and represented himself to
bo secretary of the American and Mex
ican Mining Company of Ameca, Jalis
co, Mexico. 0
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Nov. 23.— A re
markable romance was abruptly ter
minated to-day when Russell B. Drake,
alias James Russell Lowell Miller, a
paroled convict, who has been living in
Columbus since his release, was re
turned to the Ohio penitentiary for vio
lating his parole. V
Drake In August last wedded Miss K.
Schoemer, an accomplished musician of
Cincinnati, under the name of Miller-
No intimation of the fact that her hus
band was a paroled convict reached the
wife until yesterday, when a statement
signed by Drake's son-in-law, Charles
K. Heidelberg of Bowling Green, Ohio,
ieveallng the fact, was published in
the newspapers. It was through this
statement also that the prison officials
learned that Drake had violated his
parole by assuming a new name and
marrying.
New Buildings That Officers
Have Recommended--Sum
mary of Work Completed
HUGE GUN FACTORY
Had Assumed New Name and
Had Not Bevealed Truth
to the Girl He Wedded
WIFE STANDS BY HIM
Those Now Proposed for the
Washington Yard to Cost
$30,000,000 When Finished
Paroled Ohio Convict Taken
Back to Jail When It Is
Learned He Had Married
IMPROVEMENTS
IN NAVY YARDS
PRISON LAWS
END ROMANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY.' NOVEMBER -i, ISOA.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
RAILWAY TRAVEL.. - l
I CALIFORNIA UMITEPJ
ICH1CAGO T |N 3 DAYS I >
1 LEAVES DAILY A,T9:3OA.M.K
fa_wi~H_oi m cpa ahd eiegpgRa HI
«' ; . Other Santa P» Trainix
0-30 *' m."l For Stockton . Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m.J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
•4:00 v. m. For Stockton.
8:00^. m. For MCansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. ; also 27 South 1st, San Jose.
¦ To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
. Via Satualito Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7'05
7:45, 8:23, 9:10. 0:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45; 3-15*
4:35, 5:13, 5:50, G:30, 7:13, 0:00 ahd 11:35
p. m. •
Arrive at- San Francisco, dally, at t«'«0
7:3.1. 8: IS. 8:50 9:33. 10:3O a. m. ; 1:30. 2 : 53*
4:25, 5:05, 5:42. 6:22. 0:57. 7:40 and 11:12
'p. m.
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m., and dally except Satur.
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.,'' .
'7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way station*
.8:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazaderoi
dBfor^affilt^ SatUrday « d Sun "
TICKET OFFICE— 630 Market .»t
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of. Market st.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
# Train* I««t« anil arc rt ««
t»»rrlv«8t
8AN FKAXC13CO.
1 1OM OCTO3XB U 1301
Femt Pipot
(Toot of Market Street )
i»4T» - MAIN LINE. - AtaiTi'
7.00a V»c»Tllle. Winters. Kuiusey- 1 S>U»
! 7.00a Benlcla. Klmlra anil Sacramento.. 7.20a
' 7 -3CA Vallejo. Nap*. Callstog*. SiaU
1 Itosa. Martinez. San Rnmon 8 23»
7 30a Nile*. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.... 7.20»
8 00a Shasta Express— (Via D»tIs>.
William*. Willows, tFrnto. lied
BlnS. Portland. T»coin«, Seattla 7.50*
8 COA DstIs. Woodland. Knlghu Landing.
MurytTllle. OroTllle 7.50»
8 30a M*rtloei. Antloco. Byron. Tracy.
Stoctioa. X<wmna. Los Banos,
Mendcta. Anaoas, Hanford.
VIss.Uk Portflrrllle «^0»
830a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced.
FTesao. Oo«Ucn JanctJoo, lisa-
ford. VlsaMa. Bakersfleld 4-50»
8 30 a Kile*. San Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton, (t.MIltoo). lone. S«cr»menU*
Mary«»m<?. Ctslco. ICed Bluff .... 4.20*
8 30a O»kil«!«. Chinese, Jameitowo. So-
nor*. Tuolumne and A ngels 5*S
f 00a Atlantic Express— Of den «ad Emi. 9 20i»
•J0a Richmond. Martlne«..and W»y
Station* » 50 *
lOXOATbs Orerland Limited — «1tlen.
Otoaa». Chlc«go.DeBTer. Eaasa*
City. SC Looli - ,122?
10.00* VMIejo...,. ..— 1W»
i 10.00a Loi Angeles Passenger — Port
Cost*. Martfaex. Byron. Trsey.
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Oosnen Jaoo-
tlon. Hanford. Lemoore, VIs*Ua>
BakersQeld. J.os Angeles ....... if°*
12 00m Hayward. NI1«"» and Way St.itioni. 3 .20»>
t1.00»» Sacrsmento RlTer Steamer*, T11.03*
3S0P Bealcia, Winters. Sacrainenta
Woodland. KnUCM Ioindlng.
Marysrllle. Ororllle «nd way ,-.-.
¦taUon* •--.-; 1 ?ini
JIJOp Hayward. Nile* and ~ay Station*.. JbOP
S 30p Fort Costa, Mart; ii*z, Uy ron.Tr*cy.
Lathrop. Ptock^on. Modesto.
Merce<U BereMa, Fresno and
Way Stations b«yot.d l'ori. < .-.nt* 12.23*
4.0CP MarUnei.9*n rc*nic«i. ValleJo.Nap*-
Callstoca, Santa Ro»» in on
4OCPjriles. Traoy. Stockton^ ]g?0*
430P nay ward. Nilet. I'fiaitoa. 3a»t ."-SO*
Jo*e. Ll»ermor« > JH.BOa
SCOPTbe Owi LluiueJ— N'owroan. Los I
Hanos. Mendotn. Fresno. '1'olara.
BaJiersoeld. Los Angeles. - 8 50*
tS J0PH»yw»r«l. Mies and miiJom ' Z 9*
•-OOP nay ward. Nile* and SuJote i.50*
5 OCp Ea«tern Kaprra* — Umaba. Cblcaro.
D<>nrer. Kansaa City. St. Loala.
JUr.lie/. Stockton. Sacramenuv
Col fax. Keno, Spirits. MoateUe,
: , O*den :2.50»
f.OOp Vallejo, dally, except tfunday.... I 7 5C^
700p Vallejo, Sunday only | " 8
7-CCp Kk'bmond. ssii PaMo, Port Cotta.
Msrttn-i aad nay stations 11.20a
7.00p Eeno Passenger— hurt com*. 0*-
ntcia. Satsan, Klmlra. Olson.
XtoYls. Sacramento. Sparks. Tono-
P»h. Kee'er and W»v Stations... 7 50*
• 05 P Oregon M California Express — Sae-
ratneato, Marystllle. Reddlsc
jjvtland. Paget Sound and East. 8 53*
I.IOp U«jr» irt, Ntlts and San Jose (Soa-
j dayonly) ILSO4
COAST Li N E Oarr..* ti*w).
¦_ iKout of Market Street.)
8.1GA Newark. cCnterrlile. 8aa Joso.
, Felton. Ronlder Creek, Santa
Cms and Way Stations 555*
; 12-15P Kewark. Centervllle.. Saa Joa*.
New Almaden. Lo* Oato«.Felton,
Boaldur Creek. Sanw Crux and
Principal Way Button* tifl 55*
4.1Sp5ewtrk.8an Joie, Lot Gato«...| *] a."f 5 jj
•9 30p Ilnnters' Train on!/)—
v Han Jofe and Way Stations t7.25*>
COAST LINE (UroaJ faange).
;iT (1 bird and TunnwiiJ Streets.)
"S-IOa San Jose and Way Stations. 8 30*
700a San Jos« and War Stations S 40p
8 COa New Alm»den (Taes., FrW.. onty). 4.10*
8-00ATne Coaster— Saa Jose, Salinas. .
San Ardo, Paso Ilobles. Santa
Margarita, Saa Lais Oblspo,
6aadalupi>, Oavtota. Santa Bar-
bara, San BaenaTenturs, Jinn-
* talvo. Uxnard, Burbank. Loa
Angeles 10 J0»
8.00a Ollroy. Ilolllster. CastroTllle. Del
Moute, Pacific CroTe, Sarf, Lorn-
poc 10-30*»
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Pinos.WatsonTtlle.
Capltola. Sauta Crux, Paclfle
(iruve. Salinas. San Lnts Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10p
10-30* San Jose and Way Stations 1.20;*
11 30a San Jose and Way Stations.... ..— 7.10a
2-16p fcsn Jose and Way Stations 3 3B*
aXUPDel Monte Kxpresa— Santa Clara,
San Jose. WatsonTllle. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
faciflc OroTe 12-IBp
t3-G0p Lo* Gatoi». Wrljtht. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz. Tla Santa Clara nnd
Karrow lisu^e t10 45*
HOP Valencia 6t.. Soatb Ssn Francisco,
Borllnirame, San Jose, Gliroy,
Hoi lister. Tre» Pino* 1045*
4.3QpPan Jose and Way Stations *8 OC*
t5-0QpS»nt* Clara. San Joae. Los Uato*.
• nii principal Way stations (ex-
cept Sun.1«y) t9.00A
IS-SOp bBnJosrKn<ifrlnclpaltV*7StaClon* (9.40a
6 4SP Sunset Expre**.— Keilwood. 8aa
- Juse.CCroy.Sallnts.I'aio Kniiles.
8an Luis ObUpo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Pemlne. V.i Paso.
St.Lotjts.XewOrle«a»,XewTork 9-10*
B.45p P«2»ro. AVatsonTllle. Capltola,
Santa Cnzz. CastrorlUe. Del
Monte. Pacific ttrore 1033j»
.16-16p *ai< Ualeo,l)eresfbrd,lielmon:,Saa
Carlos. KeOwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Turk. Palo Alto ,. <6 ¦»«»
6 30p S*n Jose and Way Station*. ._ C 33 «
8tOP Palo Alto and Way Station* 10.15a
11 . JOp Suuth San Francisco. M 'librae. Bnr-
"ngame, San Mateo, iJelmont,
Stn Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Blenlo Park, and Palo Alto f9 45o
•IIXOp Mayfleld, Moontatn View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara, and -
\ Ban Jose ».4g»
A for Moruing. i" for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepteU. t Bandar only
«. fiatorday only. b Monday only.
tbtuDa at all stations on Sun Jay.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Perry, Toot of Market Street.
SAW rSAUCISCO TO SAN SAFAEL.
DAYS— 7:30. O:0O. ll:0Oa. m. ; 12:33.
3:3O. 3:10. t5:3O p. ra. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9;3i». ll:C0 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20. ll:C0 j. m.
SAN EArAEL TO SAN FRAKCXSCO.
"WEEK DAYS — fi:C5 ":.'U"». 7:5O. 9:20, 11:13
a. m. : 12:.">0. :::H>. T.:C4>. 5:'Jf> p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — X:'*>. i):i'i. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40, o:*o.
4:03, 3 :•>.">. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In EfTeot I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. lOOt. | San Fran.^.
Week I Run- I j Sun- ! Week
Days. I days. | tlon. (_days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:0O a 9:10 a S:4O a
t:.",Oa Igr.aclo. 10:40 a 10:20 it
3:30 p .1:30 p 6:0.1 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 6:(H>p| 7:33 p\__j___
7:30 a| " sTToTi 8:4O~«.
8:00 a Novato, 10:4Oa|10:2Oa
8:30p 8:30a Pctaluma, 6:0.1 pj 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p| and 7:33 p
5:00 pi Santa Rosa, ¦-. I
7:30 a] iftMOallofelTa
I 3:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p{ 6:2Op
8:30 pi 3:30 p |
I Windsor. I
T:30a|8:00a Healdsburs. 110:40 aj 10:20 a
,Lytton. - »
8:30 p 3:30 p Gcyserville. 7:55 pi 8:20 p
Cloverdale. | 1
7:30 al 8:0O a Ilopland 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p and Uklah. |7:35p[ft:2Qp
.1 I . Willlts and I I
7:30 a] 3:00a[ Sherwood. | 7^35_p| 6:2O p
~7:30a| 8:66~a[ 110:40 al{0:20)a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ Guerneville. I 7:33 p| 6:2(.»p
7:30 a| 8:00 a! Sonoma. I 9:1ft a S:4Oa
5:10 pi 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. ( 6:0Sp «:20p
7:30 a! 8:00 at 110: 10 a 110:21 •"%
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. f 7:.'J3 p[ «:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quenttn; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skasgj
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon«-
vtlle and Greenwood; at Ilopland for Dum-an
Sprlmrs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carts-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport.- Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Spring; at
Uklah for Vichy Sprtngs. Sarato«ra Spring*.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside. Lierly's,- Burknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs;. Halfway
House. Coraptche. Hopkins, Mendoclno City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Willlts for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummlngs.
Bell's Springs. •Harris. Hubbard. Frultland.
Dyer. Garbervllle, Camp 5. Pepperwocd, Scotia
and E'-reka. • - .-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
j Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa?s. Agt.
Mt. TamalpaisjRailway^
It. Saa Frtaoic* _»5HB*_^ \ * r - 3*8 fnaeue*"""
f k. Ujr Sraixjt acaday Wit. Pays
~ »:23a teSSsSBSH 1:^Op *1O:3"oa
9:50a 9:5Oa \g9>>S3@f 2:55p 2:a3p
j:45p I 1:45p _li_L_J_?_*
"oataidm 4:35p "W^ Sitarkr* ll:12p
»Tu Grahry C«r V »t Tmaliaa to XUI Tallt;
IICUT |650Markst ST^(N'orth Shore Railroad}
0J?:C23 )fcndSAU3AUTOF__Y. Foot Market Sc
BOOMS ASP BOARD— Continued.
WANTED — One or two young men to room
and board together; sunny location. 3C22
Seventeenth «t. .... %*':y;
EUNNY double and single rooms, with board;
running water. 306 Leavenworth st.
TURK. 123 — Clean sunny furnished rooms, en
suite or single, with or without board.
BOOMS AITP BO ASP WANTED.
WANTED — Board and room; 2 gentlemen; prl-
vate; moderate. Box 341, Call office^
WANTED — Room with private family; gentle-
man; moderate. Box 180, Call.
BOOFIKQ.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired; low prices: work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co:, F. Herrmann, m'gr, 600 2d at.
S^Wlgg MACHINES AK9 SUPPLIES.
THE mest wonderful sewing machine on earth
Is the White Grand; two complete machines
in one. 6ee It before buying at the new re-
tall office of the White, 91S Market st.
ALL makes; 2d hand, $2, $5. $7. $9; new.$4. $8;
drop heads, 6 drawer, golden oak.SIS; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
8. M. Co.. 145 SUth St.; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; beit
Is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all klrj^r rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, lftl Market st.. ;iear Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand *3. *3. $S; slightly
used flO $16. *20; you know where the dolls
j awing In the window. 1C51 Market St.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS.- PLAMBECK. 1U15 Mission «t.
ST0BAGE ABS WAREHOUSES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.^
household •roods stored, moved, shipped. 728-
7S1 Howard st., nr. Third; phone -Grant 161.
I CAPITAL. Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st.;
1 phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
; fun.lture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
: PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
] flee Poet and Pcwell ets.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn-
pan), 2rK"0 FlUmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
I BEKIXS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
»t.; tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rates. I
STOP DSIKEI1IO. 1
GUARANTEED cure; send 60c; tablet form, j
mailed In ulaln package: has cur»d tho'i-
sand.«. L. L C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
i AN~ exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1 j
I Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at j
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The |
Typewriter Exchange. &"6 California «t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
; Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 5C8 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. !
THE regular monthly dividend of 3 cents per j
share on the preferred stock of the United j
Milk Company Is now payable, at the office
of the company at 5'.'4 Montgomery St..
PAPEBKAgCHNQ. PAiyTIgO.^ETC.^
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINB. 1007 McAllister St.; tel. Fell J4CC. 1
PATENTS.
: INVENTIONS pafnted. F. P. MEDINA; at- !
tomey-at-law, 6 Hcbart bldg.. 5o2 Market Bt. ;
PTTBCHASnTQ^AaEIICIES.
'¦ CLARA E. JE\vr.TT, purchasing agent; coun- ,
try orders a t-pe^ialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. aO5 Larkin St.. room 4!»; tel. South '.'A').
\ PROPOSALS. \
• PROPOSAL? — Bids wanted — NctlCe Is hereby
given that scaled pro:>osals will lie re-
ceived by the Beard of Directors of the |
Veterans' Home of California, at Us office. 1
Room 13, 330 Sansome «., San Francisco, \
• "al'.fornia, up to 11 o'clock a. m.. Satur- I
day. Decembtr 3. l'J04. and opened innr.edl- j
ateiy thereafter In the present-* of bidders,
lor "furnishing and delivering quartermaster ]
t and commissary eupplie*. etc.. for the \et-
craris' Home. Napa Count}-. California
(rail-oad station, TcnatvlUe, f. o. b.) for ,
six months, coniitifn.lnj January 1. * •*'•'• ;
1 and ending June SO. ISMm. Schedules with
1 IrXormation and instructions fcr submitting
bids will b« furnished upon ay:>lication by
the undersigned. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules, and no
bid will be considered unlera It is in ac-
; cordanc* with such schedules. Bids must
be made on samples submitted whenever
I called for in the ecnedule. Kach bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well known and responsible
banking house for ol least 10 per cent, of
the emount of his bid. payable to C. Ma*- n
Xlnne. Treasurer, conditioned that the blc-
| cer will enter Into a good :*d valid eon-
j tract upon notice of accrptnnce. as required
by !aw. The Board reserves the right
I to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over cr under the amount specified.
Preference will be given to Koods manufac-
¦ tured/or produced In this State, price, fit-
ness ¦and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions of Section 3247 cf the Political Code.
Address John F. Kheehan. Secretary of the
Board cf Directors of the Veterans' Home
of California. Room 13. 320 Sanscme St.. San
Francisco California. By order of the Board
of Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secre-
; tary.
' *"0 0C0 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wheatland for pale, untaxable. bearing S
per cent interest; serial 1 40 years; bids will
I* received up to Monday. Dec. 5. l»04, cer-
tifW check of 10 per cent to accompany hid.
I For information address R. N. MURPHY.
; Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
STUTTERING- AX7D STABESTESINC*.
'', MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
-MA1UUAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follow?:
Charles L. Throckmorton. 26. 1712 Clay
street and Margaret M. Yarrow, 20, 1712 Clay.
George C. Sapln, ."4. 7:» Harrison street,
and Marie A. Duarte. 31, 022 Post street.
George E. Sullivan. 21, 311 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Margaret J. T. Lewis. IS, 313 GoMen
1 Gate avenue.
I Martin D. Exley, 2S, Wllllts, and Rosa R.
Daugnorty. 27. Camley. Ky.
! Henry J. York. ?0. 717A Tennessee street,
i and Helen Kanji-. 24, 754 FoUom street.
riaude L. Smythe. 34, Los Anceles. and
j Lydla D EUUcr, 2:j. *l» Fair Oaks street.
' Charles L. Neweotnb Jr., 25, 1C3 Belvedere,
1 and Mary A. B. Elchbaum, 21. 714 Cole street.
Arthur G. Swift. 20, lO'i Glover street, and
! Ella M Gremrhlnser. 21, 11 Harrison avenue.
Patrick O'Neiii. 30. 7 G!o\cr street, and
I Annie Sherry. 34. .7 Rondel place.
i Adolph 11. Rnnim. -'«:, 2.".A Lloyd street, and
Louise A. Lfebscher. 2< - .. 1332 Kansas street.
: William W. Hancock. 21. R3f> Jersey str«et.
i and Catharine A. Thorv.as. 21. 13C3 Ellis street.
• Georgo J. Alport, 40. 467 Geery street, and
' Julia IS. Mors.-. .".«, 4<J7 O<ary street.
! Louis W. Borger. 3S. 2291 Suttrr street, and
! Bertha E. Kohler, 34, 880 Lombard street.
. ! Jamnn Brown. 40. 10OH Clay street, and
' Julia E. Smith. 47, Chicago.
Albert H. Parsons. .*!2. 22 Fifth street, and
' Mary E. Clavter, 21. W8 Van Ness avenue.
; ' William T. Monk. 35, f?S O'Farrell street.
and Emma L. Cook, 30, 43 Fulton street.
I James F. Hayes. 22. city, and May Perago,
I 22. city. ' .' , • .
Gerhnrd Peanw. 29, 815 Golden Gate ave-
/ nue, and Jane Baln». 2fi, Chicsro.
Charks Miller. 33, 12»4 Washington avenue,
and T«-ssie Mulllcan. 'JH. «52 Minna street.
Joseph M. Burt. 21, R«-d Bluff, and Alta
J. HammanH. 21. Red Bluff.
• Harry J. Rengel, 23. -Point Richmond, and
Teresa Nauer, 23, Cincinnati. Ohio.
Nels Olson. 21. 340 Liberty street,, and Anna
Nelson. 21. 640 Liberty street.
Jamrs A. McCarren. 25, 427B Green street,
» and McrtUa C. Blgelow, 20, 732 Green street.
William S. La Chanelle, 27, 3307 Mission
> street, and Blanche Aubrey, IS, 002 Buchanan.
Holger A. Joreenson. 20, 213 Thirteenth
etrr-et. and Emma Holm. 24, 810 Mtecion street.
Harry Brown. 20. 221 Polk street, and Katie
McGovern. 23. 141 Polk street.
Joseph H. Bergman. 35, 1112 Turk street,
and Hcrmine Grcenberger. 27. 1112 Turk #t.
Daniel P. Dolan. 32, 1C07 Market street, and
: Dora NIssen. IS. 1303 Cortland avenue. .
Robert L. Canine. 23. 100 Fifth street, and
' Jeseie 13. Lee. 21. 821 Mission street.
James F. Cosgrove, 29, city, and Hortense
1 Bartman, 25, city. . .
! Peter Rarovlch, 23, 000V4 Jackson street,
and Dlnka Blahovich. 23, 780 Stevenson »tpeet.
Henry Q. Heltkama. 21. 502 Powell street,
and Annie Stokes. 18. East Oakland. ,- .
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices »ent by
. mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
I in at either of the publication offices and be
, Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
rons 'authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. • .
— ______ ___
FUNGE— In this city. November 11, 1904, to
the wife of Frank ¦ E. Funge, a daughter.
GAY — In this city. November 16, 1904. to the
wife of E. P. Gay, a son.
KLINGMANN— In this city, November 14,
1904, to the wife of L. Klingmann, a son.
IiARSEN— In this city, November 22, 1904, to
' the wife of Peter K. H. Larisn, a daughter.
I LIGUORI— In Agnew, CaJ., November 21, 1904,
to the wife of John Uguori.a daughter.
SOMERS-In San Jose. October 22. I90£ to
the wlf« of A. Paul Somers (nee Clausen).
a daughter.
SWEENEY— In Berkeley, Cal.. «?,, th8 -* 1 '* 1 ° f
George E. Sweeney (formerly Alice Veiller).
a daughter.
MARKLED.
SORENSEN - KAVANAGH — In t^sc'tr*
November 23. 1904, by the Rev. Ed, wl ° F '
Brown, John E. Sorensen and Lillian a.
Kavanagh. both of this city. -^ — ¦
— — — DIED.
Alton. Isabelle L. Malone, Gerald R.
Anthony, Abraham McDougall. Murdock
Berger, Reuben Morris, Mary
Brophy, William Pepper. H« rm »" „.
Coggln. Clara A. Summervill Thomas
Dunpny. Richard D. Thompson Lou'f
Fraser, Thomas H. Turner. Mr«. Chr!.-
Gilkey. Stanley. G. tina
Hall EdnA Von Harten, BenJ.
Herrgott. Justin Williams. Josephine
Kelly, John Wilson. John H., ; ;
Kuch, Peter J. J.
AITON— In Orangevale. Cal., Tuesday. No-
vember 22, 1904, Isabelle L., widow of
Charles E. Alton, and mother of Lorna. Roy.
Archer. Floyd and James Alton, a native of
Minnesota, aged 48 years.
ANTHONY— In this city. November 22. 1904,
Abraham beloved husband of Lena Antnony, 1
and father of Terisse Anthony, am* brother
of Max and Henry Gojdenberc. a native of
Germany, aged C9 years 11 months and it
days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
November 24. at 1:30 p. m., from his late
residence. 3235 Twenty-first street. Inter-
ment Salem Cemetery, by 3:30 p. m. tran
from corner Twenty-fifth and Valencia |
streets.
BERGER— In this city. November 22. 1904,
Reuben, relict of the late Jeanette Berger, j
and beloved father of Nat. Eihel B. % bam ¦
and Maurice- Berger. Late member of Golden
Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the W orlu. I
and Granite Lodge No. 03. A. O. U. W. I
(Toronto. Canada, and Victoria, B. C, pa- \
pers please copy.) j
tC7"KrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral tc-day
(Thursday), at 2 p. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 2117 O'Farrell street. Interment Eter-
nal Home Cemetery by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 3
P. m. f-
BROPHY— In Menlo Park, November 21, 1004.
William Brophy; beloved sen of Bridget
Brophy. formerly of Pleasanton. Cal.. a na-
tive of San Mateo. Cal.. need 60 years and I
'20 days. !
COGG1N— In this city. November 215. 1004. 1
Clara A., widow or the late 1. C. Coggln. a
Dative of Brookllne, New Hampshire, agod j
*M years. j
G^-Frlenda are Invited to attend the .
funeral rervlces Friday. November 25. at :
2 d. M., at her late residence. 123 /Morris j
avenue, off Bryant ttreet. Cremation at Odd
fellows' Cemetery. " ]
DUNPHY — In this city, November 23. 1904. ;
Richard D.. belcved husband of Catherine |
Dunphy, and father of Jainen. John. Henry, |
George. Frnnk. Bernard. Mary. Theresa,
Annie ar.i Elizabeth Dunphy a native of Ire- ,
land, aged C2 years 11 months and 11 days. 1
FRASER — In Dunsmuir. Cal.. November 22, j
Htm, Thomas li. Fraser, a native ol Placer- ,
ville. Cal.
GILKKY— In this city. November 22. 1901. |
Stanley G. Gilkey. clearly beloved husband of |
Emma Hahn Gllitey. a native of Illinois. ;
aged 25 years 10 months and 20 day?. (Los •
Angeles, Cal.. :>apers please copy.) \
(CTRemalns at the parlors of H. P. Peter- ;
sen. 22S McAllister street, until Friday
morning at 7 o'c-look. Interment Los An- :
geles, Ca!.. by train leaving Third and ;
Townserd streets at X o'clock. !
HALL — In this city. November 23. 1904. at
the residence of ner mother, U43 Folsom .
street, HJna Hall, dearly beloved wife of
George G. Greenwood, and beloved daughter '
of Margaret and the lato Krtmund Hall, and
eistcr of G. W. t Annie, Edith and *Jene-
vlere Hall. Mrs. A. Carroll. Mrs. G. L.
Warner Mrs. A. B. Lswis and Mrs. R. h.
Kerrisoh, a native of Martinez. Cal.. aged
22 yean J months and 14 days.
HERRGOTT— In Chleo. November 19. 1904.
.Justin, dearly beloved son of Alexander I'.
Herrgott. brother of Charles and Adolph
Herrgott and Mrs. Delia Hawkins, nephew
of Mrs. J. Dastugue. and cousin of Gtorpe
DaFtugue. a native of Philadelphia, aged 3'J
years and 0 months.
BU"Friend« and acquaintances and Shirt
Waist and Steam Laundry Workers' Union
Lccal No. 'M are respectfully Invited to at-
tenu the funeral to-day (Thursday). at
10 a. m.. from the funeral parlors of Jos»nh
Hagsn 17<>7 Sacramento street, near Piffk.
thence to I'.od Men's Hall. 220 Golden Gate
avenue, whtre services will be held under th*;
auspices of Yosemite Tribe No. 103. Impd.
Order of Red Men commencing at 10:H0
a. m. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by
carriage.
KELLY— In this city. November 21. 1904. John
Kelly, beloved brother of Maria Kelly, and
uncle of John and Maria Flanagan, a native
of the parish of Athleague. County Hosi-om-
mon. Ireland, aged 05 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the lunsral to-day
(Thursday), at 0 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, UW Lily avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where solemn requiem hi«;h
I -mass will be celebrated for the repose of
: his soul, .commencing at 9:30 a. m. Inter-
i ment Hofy Cross Cemetery.
i KlfCH— In Mount Kden. November 23. 1904,
I Peter Jensen Jurgensen Kuch, beloved hus-
i bajid of the late Karen Kuch. and father
I of Mre. Daterine Madsen and Hans, Chr.s.tlne
and Peter Kuch, a native of Denmark, aged
(JO years 10 months and 19 days.
JETTriends 1 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, November 20. at 1 •MO p. m., from
'¦ Mount Eden Church.' Interment Mount
Ede.n Cemetery.
! MALONE— In this city, November 22. 1004.
I Gerald R., beloved son of Richard C. and
i the late Hanorah Malone. and brother of
T«resa M.. Ella M.. Ethel M. and the late
John C. Malone. a native of Oakland, Cal.,
I aged 22 year*. A member of Ignatian Coun-
| cil No. :i5. Y. M. I.
(E^Tlio funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. :J00<> Webster street, thence to St.
Vincent de Paul Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his roul. commencing at 9 a. m. Plea-te
omit flowers. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
Ignailai) Council No. 35, Y. M. I. — Mem-
bers are hereby requested to assemble at the
house of mourning to attend the, funeral of
I our late brother Gerald Malcne.
i W. J. HAMILTON. President.
CHAS. L. EBNER. Secretary.
I McDOL'GALL — In this city, November 21, 19O4,
Murdock, beloved husband of Jessie Mc-
DousallT and father of Belle and Murray
JfcDougall and Mrs. W. B. Munn of Van-
couver, a native of Nova Scotia, aged .18
years.
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
HalstJ-d & Co.. 040 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypr<?s» Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
MORRIS — In this city. November 22, 1904,
Mary Morris, widow of the late Lawrence
Morris, beloved mother of James L., Michael
J. and Katherine Morris. Ella A. Redner and
Mary A. Rawson of Paterson, N. J.. and
grandmother of May Rawson. a native of
Preston. England, aged 73 years .'{ monthV,
and 7 day?. '(Paterson. N. J.. papers please
copy.)
IE7"Fr1ends and acquaintances are respeet-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
! (Thursday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her \alc
! residence. 150 Belvedere street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEPl'EH— In this city, November 23. 1004,
Herman Swartufacer Pepper. ¦ beloved husband
of Lena Pepper, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged 03 years and 8 months.
SUMMERVILL— In this city, November 23,
.1904. Thomns, beloved husband, of Mary
- SummiTvlII, and loving father of John, May,
# Joseph, Katie. Thomas, William, Agnes and
Robert Summervlll, a native of County
Galv.-ay. Irelcnd.
THOMPSON— In San Mateo, November 22,
J9O4, Louis Thompson, son of Ole and Annie
Thompson, and brother of J. A. Thompson,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years 10
months and 22 Oaye. s-'
j TURNER— In this city, November 93, 1904.
! Mrs. Christina Turner, widow of the 'late
Daniel Turner, and mother of James S. Tur-
ner. Mrs. A. Flett. Mrs. R. Hibbard, William
8. Turner and Charles E. Turner, a native of
Greenock. Scotland, aged 74 years.
ICTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Friday, November
25. nt 10 a. m., at her late resld-nce, 761
O'Farrell street. . Omit flowers. Interment
¦ Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
VON HARTEN— In this cits', November 23/
1001. Benjamin von Harten, a native of Ger-
many, aged 4O years.
C?* Remains at the parlors of Gantner
Bros.. 1200 'Mission street, between Eighth
and , Ninth.
WILLIAMS — In this city, November 22, 1904
Jos«phlne. beloved wife of Daniel R Wil-
liams of Manila, P. I., a native of iilinols
nged 29 years 1 month and 2 days. (Manila,
P. I., and San Diego, Cal., papers please
copy.)
(C7"F*iends> and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited f attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 p. m.. from the,, parlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 26fi(i Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third (Mission
Masonic Temple). Interment National City,
WILSON— In ~ thla city. ' November 23, 1904,'.
James McGinn. • Henry Hansen •
. JAMES MCGINN & CO.. ¦
Formerly With McGinn Bros. ';
Funeral Directors and Embalmera
214 Eddy st. Tel. East Sfl. - ,-
. 1 :
F. J. Monahan, -Manager. , Tel. Mission 31 i
MONAHAN, O'HARA&CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2329-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth, - '
San Francisco.
, ...*-¦ - —
aOOMS^POS^HOVSKEE^OTO.
BRYANT. 421^Two rooms, nicely furnUhed
for housekeeping, with gas. _____
BUSH 133S— Housekeeping rooms to let; rea-
ecnable. Phone Sutter 1536.
CALIFORNIA. l=t>4--.' or 3 nice sunny rooms;
running water in even' room: gas range.
EDDY. 475— Furnished room; li*bt honsekeep-
•jntr. _____^_— —
EDDY "and Tolk rt... ™*? s ton*--S*™y
houe, keeping apartment*; 1. 2 or 3 rooms,
electric 1'ghtF; hot water; central.
—, r-v-r-vxil lf'6 — Elegant fron»suite and «ln.
Smb.; con^ktc for housekeeping; c*m
and bath; reasonable. ¦
pni'RTEEVTH 778—3 or 4 fine unfur. rooms,
rvAJlY 1225— Fin« funny, bay-window suite;
111 ronveiTienres: location the best; marine
view: t«rrng reasonable.
GEARY piece. 2— Sunny furnished rocm; light,
housekeeping^ifjflesired^
HAIGHT 1031— 2 sunny, connecting rooms, or
MToratf. bath; housekeeping: reasonable.
HARRISON. 74S— ?12: eult«s: modern; bath."
laundn; toilet en same floor; gag. /
HAYES. 4K1 — Nicely furnished room; bath, gas,
rhone; «w<e of kitchen^
HOWARD TSfiiT^Manilla— Nice front sunny
rune, housekeeping; other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1050— Furnished housekeeping and
flncle rooms; gag; VI to $3 50 per week.
HOWARD. 1971 — Two large, unfurnished con-
necting rooms; modern; private family; cheap
to rlyht party. j
JESFIK. :,23— Large front parlor. *as range.
$:', ~h per week; other rooms, $3 and $3 -5 per
week.
JONES. 2n7— Two-room apartmfnte. also
r Ingle roorr.s. for housekeeping; $2 50 and
S3 per week.
KCNILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny ai»rtment»: steam heat; t»n. loc. .
KNICKERUClCKKR Apartments. 1:140 Pine— j
Bunr.y furnishM 3-roora Fultrn-: steam heat»'d.
tlf-ctric light r<J; free baths; rafs reasonablp. |
L.IT>EP.TY. 604. near Oaftro — Two or 4 modern. I
eunny. unfurnished rooms; adults: references;
warm belt.
. I
KDC3TAJ 54<>— Furnished rooms, complete for j
housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Complete for houFfVeeptng, JS to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults^
OAK. 417— Larpe. comfortable rooms; clean
and <iulet; $4 per month.^^
O'F AliRELL. 13M. near Laguna— Fln»ly fuf- j
rslshed housekeeping rooms, with every con-
venience. . !
fACinC, 819A — 2 front f-unny furnished ¦
rooms; gas and bath: very rea-onable. t
POLK, 612— Back suite; 2 beds: Fmall kitch-
en; gas i«tt>vf-; bath; phon*; i>f>rrh: $17^
•AKTHEZ. 509. nr. l«Uh— I^arpo sunny sitting- j
room; alcove bedroom: kitchen: reasonable^
Wt'TTER. KS1 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
completely furnished; gas, phone, bath.
APABTamcirr goiqrsES.^^^^
THE EVEUETT
9to6trn apartments. S2ft F«>11 st. Finest equip-
ped 4 and 5 room apartments (furnished or
UBfurntthed) in city; grand view command-
Ing bay and entire rl»y: prices (furnished)
frorft $45 up. Phone Page <:1S<>.
MOMS TO LET — Fara. imt tTnfnrn. j
ATKIN5. cor. Third st. anl Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and colj :
water; electric light*: only first-class house •
In locality; rooms }1 5<» week and \iy>.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth ft. — Rooms
SSe to f 1 per night. SI 23 to 85 per week and
liCfat housekeeping rooms; open all nighty
AT -The Almrntt." K73 Market st. (or No. 1 i
Fifth Bt.) — Koomo. 25c. r.4»c. $1. $1 CO night;
$1 .'¦'» to fi" week; house or>en all night.
EELMOND House; ever Owl drug store; 2 en- j
trances. 1120 Market and 21 Turk— Electric J
light?: running water in every rc*>m: 2<*> !
rooms; 25c to 50c per. night; ?1 25 to ('¦', week.
BRYANT. MS — Four sunny. clean rooms; |
rent ?&. |
4 SITNNY unfurnished room* and yard. 618 I
Bryant et.; rent y.t.
CLAYTON, 615. near Haight— BeautiTully fur. !
nlslie.l rooms, cheap; breakfast if desired.
EDDY. 4.12 — Nicely furnished sunny parlor ;
suite; fine location; reasonable; bath; single. !
FI1.LMORE. 1.140 — Punny furnished rooms; 1
reasonable; gt-ntf : lefs. exchanged. . I
GOLDEN GATE ave.. i^7 — Large sunny room; j
running water; suitable fcr 2 gentlemen.
GOLDUN GATE Ave.. 750— Nicely furn. rocm*; j
private Tam.. fcr 1 cr 2 pent?; mod. con. j
• CRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c !
to $1 i5 night; fl 5u to $0 wk.: reading-room, j
HARKIfuX. 241". lx>t. Twentieth and Twenty- I
first — Furninht-tf room to l<*t; suitable ror I
two men; r^nt $<$ p*r month.
HAYES. MZt, near Ljon — Large sunny room;
e-jitable for 1 or 2; bath; private family; 1
r*ferencee exchanged. j
HOWARD. "ITi — Furnisned rooms, single or
double; central location.
LARKIN. 72-1 — I^-.rt. funny room; bath, ga«, '
phone: home comfr.rts. * \
1»ARKIN. Sf!4 — Single, «unny back room, with j
Hove. $5; large room, grate, housekeeping. $8. j
MARKET. U»4t> 'The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms; i
$2 {>0 to $7 week; baths; elevator. ;
MAtfKET, \\(A. \'«-ndome — Furnished rooms. '
en suite or sinjcl;; tult* on flrtt floor; tran- j
elert. elevator 15 Turk *t.
JinTROPOLITAX Ilrtel. 129 Third St. — 400 \
srlngle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
S2 to $S per «c<-k; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hct and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
3C7NNA. 2*" — Furnished rooms to let.
KINTH. 141 — Runny furnished j-ocms in private !
family for gentlerm-n.
O'FARRELL. 20S— Nle-'.y furnished, sunny
front rooms; also single; 12 to $4 week. •
OAK. 42. near Market — Nicely furnished sunny
front parlor.
PINE, 1920— Newly turni.«he<l room; very run-
ny; phone, gas. bath, running water.
ROYAL HOUPE. 12$ El!l!»— Inraniescent lights;
rf.'adirg-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. :!5c to $1 CO; week, $2
to 5S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
fiocr; rocms with hot and cold water; baths.
61XTU. 125 (over book store) — S-.inny fur-
nlthcd rootrs. housekeeping or single; mod-
erate ratem.
ETEYENSON. C20— Nice furnished rooms
ch<ap.
TAYIX1R. nr. Futter — Nice sunny furn. front
room; garden, porch; good for 1 or 2; $11 mo.
THE tT. KATHKYN. CORNER F.LLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH BT&- PO8IT1VEL.T THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THK CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COW) WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.--
THE L4RCHMOKT. 3*51 SuttPr— New man-
agement; new bldg. > finely furnished,, with
hot and cold water, steam heat and baths;
fine location and reasonable rate*.
12 NF/WLY furnlrhed rooms; central location.
DAVID BROS., cor. Keamy-Clay.clrar store.
UNITED KTATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 400
roomf 3.V to (1 night, $ 1 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bun; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st., nr. Market^-
Most convenient and 'respectable; 700 rooms;
S.V to $1 .V) nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
?•lee. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
b*»n <yr<fTifA at 1008 Market «t.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ra.-
board!
GOLDEN Gate ave.. 1081, near Jefferson Park
— Sunny fur. rooms; bath; prl\. house; good
board; $20; two (32 month.
KKE, 1743— Newly furnished beautiful rooms
tvlth excellent board for two couple, and a
riurl* room.
CALIFORNIA. 607 — Best rooms, table aad '
service In the city for the least money. '
COMORA CTbO. C21 CFarrell — Homelike,
warm rooms and halls; buy best In market.
— — —
EDDY. 765— Room and beard.
GUERRERO. 114 — Sunny rooms with board;
suitable {or gentlemen.
ROOMS and board; reasonable. 19ES Green st.
HAIGHT. 232 — Large sunny suite; running
water; grate; aecond floor; corner bouse. 1
John H. Wilaon, aged 59 years 6 months and
4 days. '
. t3* Notice of -funeral hereafter.
CARD OF THANKS.
'- "W« herewith desire to express our heart-
felt thanks to our many kind friends and
neighbors who by their tender love and com-
forting sympathy and beautiful floral offer-
ings helped to lighten the bitter sorrow
. lately suffered In the loss of a loving wife,
daughter and sister, Dora Hoecker.
. CHAS. H. HOECKER, MRS. CATHER-
INE HENCHEN and HENRY HENCHEN.
YOUNG HEN'S CATHOLIC UNION— A re-
quiem high mass for the repoae of the souls
'of deceased members of the Young Men's
Catholic Union will be celebrated in the
Cathedral at 10 o'clock Thursday morning,
November 24 (Thanksgiving day). Members
and their relatives and friends and the rela-
tives and/friends of deceased members are
Invited to attend.Trade in fruits was of a light character,
being confined chiefly to the, filling of small
orders for Immediate requirements. Nearly
all of .th* stores were crowded with Turkeys
and dealers were too busy with them to give
much attention to fruits. Choice table Grapes
in crates ' suitable for shipping sold up to $1
per crate, while ordinary offerings dragged at
65®75c. Offerings in large open boxes were
plentiful and prices declined sharply. Straw
berries and Raspberries were In ample supply
and sold . slowly at easier rates. Cranberries
were reported very weak, although prices were
not quotably lower. Apples / continued weak,
with stocks stlir excessive. • and other deciduous
fruits • were quiet at about previous price?.
Citrus fruits, were generally dull and Mexican
Limes were quoted lower. Four carloads were
added *to the stocks of Oranges..
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $S011 per
chest; Malindas and Brandywines. $2@4; Che
neys, $4®5.
RASPBERRIES— $S@S per chest..
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7S0c per n>
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Parrot Mining Company, a majority of
whose shares is owned by the Amalgamated
Copper. Company, has declared a dividend of 50
cents per share, payable December 12. - Thm
The feature of the market yesterday was a
renewal of the upward . tendency in the sugar
group, Hawaiian Commercial recovering to
$73%. Honokaa to $1S. Hutchlnson to $14%
and Paauhau to $20. Sales in these snares
were very good, but the other stocks were
quiet and featureless. Bank of California sold
at $423%©422%. a slight decline. Other
wise there was nothing new. Business In bonds
was lighter than on the preceding day.
There was nothing: . new In th« oil stocks.
The . mining shares were In , fair movement,
with not very marked variations. A dispatch
was received from th«. Ward shaft on the
Corastock saying that the temporary pump had
-been started and was working well. The
water had been lowered nine feet In a fsw
hours.
To-day being a l«gal holiday, th« exchanges
will remain closed.
iThe Greene - Consolidated Copper Company
has declared a dividend of 4% per cent on its
capital stock, payable December 20. Tbe last
previous dividend was 3 per cent, tn Septem
ber. ... . ,
The Sngars! Again Active at a General
Recovery.
STOCK MARKET.
Iron closed at 52s Bd in Glasgow and at
4Ga Cd In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was nn.
changed. No. 1 foundry, northern, and No. 1
foundry, southern, soft, are quoted at $16 75®
17 25; No. 2 foundry, northern, $16 25®16 75.
Spelter was unchanged at $5 75©5 87% in
the local market. In London spot closed at
£25 5s. • -
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— The London tin'
market was a shade higher, closing at £182
12< 6d for spot and at £132 10s for futures.
Locally the market showed* little change, tha
outside prices being quoted a little hiither In
somi» Instances and the general range beins
$2S S7%®29 25.
Copper . was also up a little In the London
market, where spot closed at £66 2s Cd and
futures at £66 7s fid. Locally there was no
change. Lake ie held at $14 871^015 1214
electrolytic, $14 75©15: casting. $14 50@14 75!
Lead was firm at £13 in the London mar
ket. Locally quotations still range from $4 20®
4 70.
New York Metal Market.
Scvr York Money Market
NEW TORK. Nov. 2-1 -Close: Money on
and Sa^SSi^ Cent: «W««
*g«S% SSS^t SEWS; ;?£ nlnely
Prime m«-c*mi> paper. 4li«H»; per cent."-
Ftrr!!r.g *xrr;ar.ge wan eneUr. with actual
****** I" btafctnf bill* at S..87(M K 70T. "or
feratttd «nd at $4.?420f J M.S423 tn ility-day
PwUd rtt«. *«.K5 Mn a $4.R7%«4.gS
Com-nerriaJ bills, fi.sr.^epi m
'Rlvf-r. bars. R3c; Mexican dollars. 47c ¦
rrpjjar V ' rnjri€nt '- St '** y ' ™»n««b. lr-
LL1STERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling -Exchange if firmer, but New York
is still weak. There has been a good deal of
pressure to sell Exchange here lately, owing
! to a local demand for funds for the purposes,
1 usualat this time of the year. Yesterday $1.
! 600,000 was transferred by telegraph from New
1 York to Kan Francisco by the Sub-Treanury
'¦ for account of local banks. The money. It is
understood, goes to reove products on thia
, Coailt - LOCAL. I ; li
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. ... ®4 84%
I Sterling Exchange, sight : «?4 87%
1 Sterling Exchange, cables ®4 6S
New York Exchange, sight.... .Par & 02%
N Y Exchange, telegraphic. 02%© 05
Silver! per ounce — ® 69
Mexican Dollars .- 46 @ 46%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York' on Paris .5.16
New York on Mexico 210
Paris on London 25.15%
Berlin on London • 20.37
Wheat 1 and Other • Grains.
WHEAT — There/ was . not much change any
where yesterday, either here or abroad. Lo
cally futures were weak, and the cash grain
was steady, .wtth not much offering and not
much demand.
The Chicago wires of. E. • F. Hutton & Co.
yesterday aaid: "Receipts at Northwest pri
mary markets show a large increase over last I
year, while Southwest markets show, a decided
falling- off Broomhall estimates surplus' re
maining in Argentine about 13.000.000 bushels.
Argentine weather conditions are somewhat
conflicting. A better demand is. reported a/
primary . markets for cash Wheat, and some
Flour business Is reported, but talks confirma
tion. One hundred- thousand No. 2 hard re
ported sold at this - market for Buffalo. To
our minds the uncertainty existing . over ¦ the
Argentine situation will cause some nervous
ness In the trade, and until we get; some defi
nite news of conditions prevailing In that
country wo Mel that the market will likely
move within ' narrow limits. Any serious dam
ago to that crop- at this time would eet , all
the world's markets' aflame and. cause very
much higher prices. Aside from this w«>fee!
it will take a very urgent demand for cash
Wheat and Flour . to maintain present high
prices for Wheat In this country."
• CASH WHEAT.
California Club.' $1 45@1 52%; California
White Australian. $1 60® 1 0C%: Northern
Club. $1 60@l 52%. with none offering; North
ern Bluestem, $1 00®l 62%; Northern Red.'
$1 47% per ctl. r . , Zi- . .* "'-. "'* /
' FUTURES.
, Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. j
- ; •• Open.' High. Low. • Clo^e. i
December ...$1 43% $1 43% $1 43% $1 43V4 '
May 1 45 1 45 144% 1 44\ '
•2 p. rh. Session. " ''. ¦. \ j
Open. - High. . Low. -Close. I
December ...$1 43% $1 43Vi" $1 43VJ' $1 43% I
May ...:...; 1 44 %> 1 44% .1 44% ' 1 44% I
.. BARLEY— Quotations ' for . Feed remain,
steady, . with , a sale of 700 , sacks of choice'
blight at $1*13%. are moderate and i
the demand lg» fair. ;' Futures, however, con
tinue dull. ?•
CASH BARLEY., . . -
Feed.- $1 CS vi 5i 1 13% ; Brewing and Shlppln j. :
For the day preceding Thanksgiving the
market for Butter and Eggs was a disappoint
ment yesterday. Butter continued weak and
dull, though prices remained stationary. Ranch
Egg's were neglected and accumulating and
the large handlers offered them freely In the
afternoon : at 40c, wiih few buyers. The ex
pectation was that there would be a still fur-'
ther decline after the holiday. The public
consumption has been educated up to the East
ern and cold-storage goods, which is tha main
reason why the demand for i fresh ranch Is so
light.
• Receipts were 22,200 lba Butter, 524 cases
Eggs and 13,000 lbs Cheese. '
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 20@21c
for extras and 17%@19c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 17©lSc: cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. lCKil4r; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15@lGc.
CHEESE— 11 >A®12c for choice mild new and
10@llc for old: cold storage. 10%(Sllc; Young
Americas 12@12%c: Eastern, 10«?15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 39@J2c for good to fancy
and'36@37%c for common; cold storage^ 25®
30c; Eastern. 25®2Sc for choice. 22@24c for
standards and 19021c for seconds.
Butter, Cheese and E«"?s.
LOCAL MARKET.
. Foreign Futures. .
LIVERPOOL.
TYheat • Dec. March. . ¦ May.
Opening n« 7 3% 7 2%
Closing ' 1% 7 2% - 7 2%
PARIS.
¦ 'Wheat Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening ...¦.•• =3 65 2520
Closing 23 70 25 20
OneninK 31 55 32 SO
CtoSii • • 31 65 32 80
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS, Nov. 23.— Wool, steady; medium
grades combing and clothing, 22®2«c;. light,
fine. 18®22%c; . heavy, fine, I3g-18c; tub
washed, 2(i@3Uc. ¦ ...
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 23.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla export, 80c; milling, 83c. Eastern mar
kets basis, S4o; bluestem, 3g5c higher; val- :
ley.'87%C WASHINGTON .
TACOMA. Nov. 23. — WHEAT — Unchanged;
bluestem, SSe; club. S5c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Nov. 23. — Clearings, $01Q,422;
balances $206,591. -
TACOMA. Nov. 23. — Clearings, $543,573;
PORTLAND, Nov. 23. — Clearings, $727.365>
SPOKANE. ' Nov. 23. — Clearings, $547,038;
balances. $90,795. ¦ -
NEW TORK, Nov. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16.300 barrels; exports. 12.500 barrels: sales
5500 packages ' Market was about steady, with
light trade.
WHEAT— Receipts, ei,800 bunhels; sales. 4 -
100.000 bushel* of futures.. Spot market firm
No. 2 red. $1 1&»/, f. o. b. anoat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. $1 21% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Most of the
day wheat was firm and a trifle higher on un
favorable Argentine weather news, better cables
and drj' weather West. Later It yielded to realiz
ing and at the close was %c lower to «c net
higher. May, $1 11VJ#1 12%. closed $111%;
July. $1 O2T6®' 03%. clortd $1O2T4; December
$1 16<B'l 16%. closed $1 16%.
HOPS — Quiet. , .
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady. x
SUGAR— Raw and refined, firm.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady at an ad
vance of 5 points. Sales. 28.775 bales. Includ
ing: -December, 6.70c; January. 6.80c; March
7<fr7.ORc: April. 7.10c; May, 7.20c; September,
7.5.1#7.C0c; ppot Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice
S?iic: mild. dull.
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
a steady tone, with demand a little more act
ive.! This is reported to result frcm purchases
by speculative Interests, who are said to be
short of contracts . for present month delivery
and are In the market to cover. Common are
quoted at 3%@4Vic: prime. 4%@4»4c: choice
5@5%c: fancy, 0®7%c.
PRUNES— Are quiet, but steadily held, with
quotations ranging from 2o to 6c for California
grades. Oregon prunes ruled between 3c and
7c for available stocks.
APRICOTS— Are In very light demand, but
offerings are light also and prices are well
maintained. Choice are quoted at 9%®10c; ex.'
tra choice. 10V44?10%c: fancy. ll@15c.
PEACHES — Are dull, but firm. Choice, 9@
9 '/4c; extra choice. 9%@10c; fancy. 10@llc.
Xew York Grain and Produce.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 15@22c per lb-
Live Turkeys, 16@18c for old and lSS20c per
lb for young: Geese, per pair, $2@>2 25: Gos
lings. $2 26@2 50; Ducks. *5@C per dozen for
old and $<iiS7 for young; Hens. $4 50@5 for
small and $5 50@6 for large: young Roosters,
$5 50&6 50: old Roosters. $1<B»4 CO; Fryers
$4 50<85; Broilers, $3@4; Pigeons. $l<ai
Squabs. $2fi2 50.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $S(g4 50 per dozen;
Canvasback. $S@6; Teal. $1 50; Sprig. $2$?2 oft;
Widgeon. $1 50@l 75; Red Heads. $1 5Ot?2 SO;
small . Ducks. ' $1 50; Gray Geese, $2&3:
White . Geeae. $1@1 75: Brant. $1 25#2 50;
Honkers. $3®5: Snipe. S3 for English and SI 50
for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare $1 50@l 73;
Habblts, $2 for Cottorrtallsyand $1 50 for
Brush. . l t . .
The market for dressed Turkeys was de
moralized, with conditions all In favor of buy
ers. Fresh receipts were approximated at S5
tons, and there was an abundance of carried
over atock on hand. At the opening the ruling
price for prime fancy stock was 22c, with
some little business 'reported at 23c, but as
buyers refused to take hold at those figures
prices soon broke to 20c and continued to de
cline until ¦ 18c was the highest price asked
for round lots, and there was a general rush
to sell at that figure. A carload of choice
stock came In from Oregon, and rather than
sacrifice It the receivers decided to place, It
tn storage. Late in the day several dealers
were trying to effect clearances at the flat rate
of 15c. per pound, but were generally unable
to do so. It was generally conceded that the
break In the market was due to the Indiffer
ence of the public about buying Turkeys, as
under normal conditions the receipts of the
past three days would not be considered ex
cessive, and, as previously mentioned, the pre
dictions that prices would be as high as last
year caused many people to decide to do with
out Turkeys. Live Turkeys were weaker in
sympathy with dressed, while other ltve Poul
try was dull at nominal prices. .
S) Retailers paid but little attention to Gams
and there was a general decline In price3 of
Wild Ducks.
Poultry and Game.
Future* closed »t»ady. November, 0.25c: De
cember, 8.30c; January. 9.09c; February 9 45c-
March. 9.41c: April, 9.68c; May, 9(Mc- June'
9.C4c; July, 9 69c. .
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Xov. 23— COTTON— Spot
closed quiet. 10 points decline. Middling ud
!an<Js. 0.80c- middling gulf, 10.05c.
Futures onened steady. November J> T>c-
December. 9.C3c: January, 9.43c; March 0 57c'
April. 9.60c; May, 9.67c; June, 9.69c- July'
9.74c; August, i>.60c. >*'" *'
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— To-day's treas-
J 1^'^ t n atem f? t: .c. Avn1UbIe cash balance, $143.-
Ooa.309; gold. $Sl.fH:2,lfl7.
Condition of the Treasury.
Meat Market.
Hogs continue very firm and some packers
quote the b*«t quality at 5?4c. The other
kinds remain unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5<g7c for Steers and 4®5c p«r lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6®7%c; small. 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6®7c per
pound.
' LAMB— 8®9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. &g8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San- -Francisco, less 444}
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7*i@7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%ia«j%c; thin Cows, 4&5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©3»ic; Ewes, 3S3V;o
per lb (<ro*s weight).
LAMBS— $2 50*32 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 to 250 lbs, 4^i@4T«c;
ISO to 200 lbs. 5@5Vic: 80 to 130 lbs. 4%®4%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
oft from above quotations. +
¦ General Mercliandise.
BAGS — The quotation for San Quentlns is
dropped as this description is all cleaned up.
Grain Bags. $»<ff5 25; Wool Bags, 30@32c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wei
llngton $S; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $8 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50: Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 50«gl3 per ton tn bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 50 per short
ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Lln9eed, 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw; Castor Oil. in q»ses. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases $1 lOgl 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases.
65(gSOc per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter Whal»
Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard OU. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil 42c: dark H»rrtng Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c ; boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c. ;
-COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases 19%c; Astral. 19%c:
Star. 19%c; Extra Star 22%C; Elatne. 2«c;
Eocene. 21 %c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk. 16c: In cases. -22%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases. 10 %c: 86- degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in cases and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7U»
i 7}4c per lb; White Lead. 7UG7%c. according
\ to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western" Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.23c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated; 6.10c; Dry
'Granulated, fine. 6c ; Dry Granulated, coars*. .
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
I Magnolia A, 5.60c; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c: "D." 5.30c: barrels. 10c more; half
' barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50- Ib bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. A E. Crystal Domino*.
9c per lb. No orders taken for lees than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Prodnce.
FOR WEDNESDAY; NOVEMBER 23.
Flour, qr sks...20.122|Euckwheat. sks.. 630
I Wheat, ctls 2,160(Tallow, ctls 285:
Barley, ctls. 9, 692 1 Leather, rolla ... 132'
Oats, ctls 1"5 Hides. No 1,8»4 1
Beans, sks 10, Olfil Pelts. No 733
Rye ctls 2.0221 Lime, bbls 394
Potatoes, ska ... 6.00«|Paper. reams ... 1,99«
Bran, sks . J 1.315IChIcory. bbls ... 23
Middlings. sKs .. 203|Wlrie. gals 53.950!
Hay. tons 300|Sugar. ctls 1,040 1
Hops bales 432'Quicksllver. risks. 2S8 j
Wool, bales 151! Raisins, bxs 750
Feed." sk« 2IOiBroom Corn, btfla 2
Shorts, sks 505|
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 20. 722j Flax seed, sks ... 295
Oats, ctls 7,4561
EASTERN.
Wheat, ctls . ... POOlCorn. ctls ...... 1.100
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Trade In Potatoes was quiet at previous
prices ¦ and most dealers were of the opinion
that the markfet.- would continue dull for the
balanco of . the week. There were no fresh
receipts of Onions and available supplies were
firmly held at the previously quoted rates.
Miscellaneous .vegetables moved , off rather
slowly and changes In .prices were slight.
Summer. Squash arrived freely from Los An
geles and sales were reported at 73c per box.
Some Egg Plant came In from the same sec
tion, but was not sold up. to a late hour.
• POTATOES—^Burbanks from the river 40®
65c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 lOJil 33 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 75cg$l per ctl; River
Reds. 6O@7Oc per ctlj Sweet Potatoes, 65@85o
per ctl. . * ' .
ONIONS— $2@2 30 per ctl 'fo r fancy and
$1 25(?1 50 per sack for off grades.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 5S»Jc per lb;
String Beans. 3%@4c per lb; Wax Beans.
6S6c; Lima Beans. 4%®5c per lb; Tomatoes,
40cS$l P er box; Summer Squash, 75c per
box: Cabbage, 65@70c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per
sack; Cucumbers 40@60o per box; Garlic, 4%
©5c per lb; Egg Plant. $1@1 25 per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers. 25#
40c per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash,
$10^12 per ton for round lots.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Deans and Seeds.
Receipts of Beans were 10.016 sacks, making
29,327 thus far this week. The market shows
no change.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 75@3; Pea. nominal;
Butter, $3®3 25; small White, $3 1503 30;
large White, $2 40@2 65: Pink, $2 7503 15;
Red $4 25@4 50; Lima, $4 15®4 25; Red Kid
neys $4 50: Blackeyes, $2 60@2 75 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 S502 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 75<g5: Yellow
Mustard, nominal — none offering; Flax, $2@
2 75; Canary. 6%@7c; Alfalfa, 15%®16Hc;
Rape, 1%@2%c: Timothy, 5^0; Hemp, 3%@
3fic per lb; Millet, 2%@3%c; Broom Corn
Seed. $20®21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 75@2 50; Green
Peas, $1 75@2 50 per ctl.
previous dividend wu 50 cents, paid Septem
ber 12. Previous to that time Parrot had d«
cljared no dividends since January 27, 1902.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 23—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. As*.
4s or coup.. 106 106*i|4s qr cp new.130%131 |
4t qr reg...lO6VilO6>.;3s qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — lOak T Co e&.12OA4 —
Asto Oil 6s. 83% Wit Do 5s linv«113<4
Bay CPC 5s. 101 W 102%: Do con 5».10«\ —
Cal C G 5s.lO29»lO3 1 Oceanic S 5s. 6-» 80
Oa.1 G & E S lOm Cable 6a. 12^% —
m & ct 5s. 84 — I Pac G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-st C 5s.U4 - |P E Ry 5»..lMfclW
C C Wat 6s. 96 - |P & C H 6s. 104 -
EdL A P 6S.125 - IP iORto- -
F * C H 6s. — — I Powell- st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — Sac EG&RSs.WO —
H C&3 5%s.lO5 - iSF A SJV5s.ll3% —
Do 6s — — ISlerra R 6s. — —
Hon R T 69.104% — ,S P of A 6s .
L A Elec 55.103 - I <1S*»> J^Ji -
L A Ry 5s.. — — I (1910) --.--lOO** —
T A L Co 6s — — iS P of C 6s
Do ltd to. - - i H9C3)Sr A.lW 4 lom
Do gtd Ss.102% - , (1906)Sr B. - 108%
LAP lem Ss.101 - JWOJB - 1C5 *
Mkt-st C 68.116 — i <1912) 114^* —
Do lem 5s.ll«% — iSPC 1 eg 5a. — —
MVt MtT5s.lO5 110 » Do stampd.lCS —
NRR of C6S.105TJ, _ |S P B R «a.l34%135%
¦ Do 5s 11S% — iS V Wat 6s.l<M%. —
N P C R 5«.1O5 — 1 Do 4s 2dm.l0«> —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 I Do 4s 3tlm. 09% —
X C P C 5s. 99 — I Do g mt*4s 99V4 —
N S R R 5«. -' 94 |Stkn G&E«9. M -
OO L&H 5s. — 110 lU G & E 38.1024 —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 iUR of SF 4s. &G\ 8«H
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa— 35 |Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 60 |S V Wat Co. 3t>% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P- 3H 3%!S F G & E. 58 —
Mutual E L. 10% HH'Stkn G & E. — OH
Pac L Co... 60 61 \V G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'i Fnd.310 326 '¦
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l30 — IL P & A.... ISO —
Anglo-Cal .. «7% — Mer Tru.it.... — 230
Bank of Cal.423 425 :Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 150 — iS F National — - '—
First Nationl — 369 ;
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — :Sav A L So. . — 109
Hum S A L. — — I Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
3 F Sav U.615 675 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 199 ! Presidio 39*4 —
Geary — 40 |
POWDER.
Giant *1 — IVlgorit ' — .4*4
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73 73mMakawelI C. 32 32V4
Honokaa S C 17S W lOnomea S C. 33 34
Hutch S P C 14% 15%'Paauhau S C. 19Ts 20
Kllauea S C. 6 7 1
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 96 (Oceanic S Co. Z% —
Cal F C A. — 99%]Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. — 77%' Pac C Borx.lSfl 1374
MV& MtTm. 95 102 I Pac S Tel C»103%10t»
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 95 00
15 Bank of California 423 50
10 Bank of California 422 50
135 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 72 00
ISO Honokaa S Co. cash 17 00
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 25
SO Paauhau -S P Co. b 30 20 00
60 Paauhau S P Co. b 15 20 OO
40 Spring Valley Water Co 33 73
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 6s 100 25
$2,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 113 75
$1,000 Park A Ocean Ry 6 per cent.. 116 OO
$2,000 8 P of C 6 per cent (1906).... 104 50 I
$7,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 86 37 4
Street —
25 California Wine Association. . . 77 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 73 00
10 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 73 124
30 Honokaa S Co 17 37^4
250 Honokaa S Co 17 50
125 Honokaa S Co IS 00
50 Honokaa S Co 17 97%.
740 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 SO
250 Onomea Sugar Co. b 10 33 CO
360 Onomea Sugar Co , 33 CO
100 Paauhau S P Co j 20 00
Street—
50 American National Bank 130. O
$l,00i> Pacific Electric Ry 5 par cent.. 104 75
$1,000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge)....100 23 _
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.) Bid-Aak.
Bay CPC 6s. — 100% |SF ft NP 5s. 112 112%
B L Wat 6s. — 114% .S P C R 4s. 98 103
Cal NW 5s.. 113 — iS P Co 4%s.l01V4 —
M C Wat Bb.100 — ,Sun Tel 0s...ll4% —
Rls I Wks5s — 105 , Do 6s 10»! —
SF Drdk 59.112 — ISuttr-st RSs.lO* 1 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 25 ILonft SF Bk. — 60
Amer Bis Co — 0O |Mat Nav Co. 62% 83
Cal Cot Mils SO — |Nev Nat Bk.20Q —
Cal G*ECor. 50 — N Cal P Co. — 10V4
C Jockey C1.110 — [Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal Powder. 130 145 lOak T Con.. 73. —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 HOOF Hall A ««j-
Cal T I * T — 160 (Orpheum Co. — 164
Cen Bk. Oak 60 72%iPacC Cas Co. 125 —
Chutes Co .. 5-6 iPac Sur Co.l«5 .—
City A C Bk — 120 !Par«f Paint.. 30 —
Cyp L Imp., 6, 6%;3 F Drydock. — 63
East Dynm.. — ,373 SFASJ Coal. t7Vi 20
DptPwd pfd. — 95 |9 J Wat Co. 103% —
Do com ..49 — |SO & MTgbt.123
FN Bk, Oak. 120 — [So Pac Co.'.. 63 i» v^i".">,
Fischer Tntr — ,lUISwlss-A Bk..ll3% —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS — |Truck Elect.. 11 12%
Gas Con A-., IS 20 IUR InC pfd. «2 —
Hono P Co.. 29 — f Do com .. 16% —
California Oil Exchange.
Associated Trust Cert .'..... 24 S3
Chicago Crude 22^ ' ....
Hanfora'..*.*.. *.".".".".".*.'.".".* ".".".. IS3 CO '.'.'.'.
I Home •- 80 ' '; 57
Occidents) of W. Va 04 •."...
Oil City Petroleum 60
Reed Crode ' 2 02% "...
Twenty-Eight.:.. It CO ' ....
Coalinga Pac Oil Co 40 affjS^H'
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Imp 1"23
Cypress Lawn Imp. Co f BO
Fischer's Theater 3» . % 1 Off
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy aalted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. »%c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9%c for light;
Stags 7c; Salted Kip. 10%c; Salted Veal,
lie; Salted Calf, ll%c; dry Hides. 17%c: dry
Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
25@4Oc each; short Wool. 40@65c each; me
dium. 75@90c: long Wool. $1(81 50; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for
medium. $1 5O®2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 .75 for large and $1 25^
1 60 for medium. $1., for small. SOc- for Colts.
Buck Skins— Pry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican 23c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; extra large do.
jl 25; large 50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c^.per lb:
No. 2, 3%c: Grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern 9®llc; Southern, 8<59c; Southern Moun
tain, 9@llc: Middle Counties, free, 12314c;
do defective. 10-$12e; Northern free. 12fJ14c;
do defective 10frl2c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 16@18c'per lb
HOPS— -1904 crop. 29®32c per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 23.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 8000; steady. Native st-ers, $3 50@0 15;
native cows and heifers, $1 60®4 75; stockers
and feeders, $2 25®-4 10; bulls/ $2@3 50: calves,
$2 50@5 75; Western steers, (3@4 75; Western
cows $1 C0@3 50. ' .
HOGS — Receipts, 16,000: steady. Bulk of
sales. $4 45<@>4 75; heavy, $4 65@>4 80; packers,
$1 55{T4 75;- pigs and lights. $3 75@4 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000; steady. ¦ Muttons,
$4@5 25: lambs, $4 &066; range wethers, SW 75
@4 75; ewes, $2 5004 25. . 7 .' . ¦..
HOGS — Receipts. 13,000; shade lower. Heavy,
$4 4504 65: mixed, $4 47%@4 52%; light. $4 50
(&"4 52%; pigs, $4g4 40; bulk of sales, $4 07%@
4 52%; i
SHEEP — Receipts. 4400: steady. Western
yearlings. $4 25®4 00: wethers, $4®H 60; com
mon and stockers. J2 50ig4 30; lambs,' $5®
5 00. "* '
Kansas City.
OMAHA. Nov. 23. — CATTLE— Receipts, 2300;
native steers, '?3 75<3« 25; cows and heifers,
$2 B0<g3 85; Western steerr. $3@4 75; Texaj
nteers $2 75@3 73: cows and heifers. $2 3CK9
3 95; calves, $2 60@3 50; bulls and stags, $2®'
3 85.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 23. — CATTLD- Receipts.
15.0OO; market ,10c higher. Good to prime
steers, $5 70<g-7 ; poor to medium, $3 6O@5 B5;
stockers and feeders, $20>4 15; cows, $1 25-g>
4 50; heifers, ?1 6O#5; canners, $1 25<g2 35;
bulls, $204 35; calves, $3@4 50; Western steers,
$3 50@3 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 37.000; Friday, 25.000; mar
ket 6c higher. Mixed and butchers, $4 55@
4 75; good to choice heavy, $4 70<Q4 75; rough
heavy, $4 4fi?f4 55: light, $4 50@4 05; bulk of
sales, $4 C0«-l 67%. • .
SHEFF — Receipts, 16,000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 3O®4 90;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50^4 25; Western
shpep, $3fi4 75; native , lambs, $4 15@ti 15;
Western lambs, $4@5 .60.
Omaha.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO, Nov. 23.— On the Produce Ex
cange to-day ' the butter , market was steady;
creameries, 16tfj24Uc; dairies, 15@21c. Eggs
firm at mark, lS%@22%c. Cheese firm, ll@12c.
Butter, Cheese and E&res.
The local situation continues dull and un
changed. Brokers' wires from Chicago yes
terday said: "Hog market shows some im
provement. Price* at. the yards continue high
er. OfTrrings of provisions have been light.
It is generally believed there is quite a short
interest in Hog products and the action of the
market on any buying appearing would Indi
cate there was something In thta theory. We
feel the January stuff can be bought on re
cessions, as later on we expect to see the mar
ket get out of this rut."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, 10%c for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra' light and 14^c for sugar-cured:
dry Salt Sides 10c: Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, ' 12%@12%c; California Hams.
12@12Vic; Me» Beef. $l(V310 50 per bbl; extra
Mess $10 50©ll; Family, $12@12 50; prim*
Mess Pork $14 60; extra clear. $22; Mess,
$16 50: Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 8@9%c for pure; half -barrels, pure. 9U©
9%c; 10-lb tins. lOVic; 5-lb tins, 10?»c; 3-Ib
tins 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tltrces.
8 Vic; five tierces. ' S He per lb.
Provisions.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Nov. 2.'J. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour,' steady; No. 2 spring -wheat,
$1 08@l 14; No. 3, ?1©1 07; No. 2 red, $1 12 Yt,
@1 13; No. 2 corn, 53c; No. 2 yellow,
57V£c; No. 2 oats, 31%©32%c; No. 2
white. 32%c; No. 3 white, 309i@32Uc;
Xo. 2 rye, 78c; good feeding barley,
38%c; fair to choice malting, 42@52c: No". 1
flaxseed, $1 12%; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 10%;
prime timothy seed, $2 67%; mess pork, per
bbl; $11 20@ll 25; lard, per 100 lbs,- $6 95®
0 97%; short ribs sides (loose), $6 62%©G 75;
short clear sides (boxed), $6 75®B 87%;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 24; clover, con
tract grade, $12 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 40.200 50.200
Wheat bu * 164,000 181,600
Corn, bu \ 637,600 196,100
Oats bu .1 :.... 264,100 74,100
Rye, bu 7.000 4,600
Barley, bu 180,900 34,900
Bran. Shorts and Corn products are higher,
and Rolled Barley is also higher on the inside
quotations. AIT FeedstufTs are firm. -The Hay
market Is steady, with some sales at the top
quotations.
The Hay circular of Somers &' Co. says:
"Shipments of hay show a little Increase
during the past week over the record for the
week preceding, the total showing 2500 tons,
in comparison with 22UO. We have had a very
quiet market right along, although there .was
some evidence of better prices until Monday,
when the arrival of fully 1000 tons weakened
the situation again, so for the present we have
practically the same condition of affairs to
report as baa been noted for over a month
past.
"The rather peculiar weather and crop con
ditions have created some talk for several
weeks past, although at this early date we do
not think that 'any apprehension need be felt
as to next season's crop. Of course, if tha
present dry weather continues well into De
cember ther«, Is bound to be some little ex
citement, which, of course will affect the hay,
market very materially. We are Inclined to
believe, however, that owing to the plentiful
amount of hay in the country the market wilt
continue along without any very great change
from the present range of prices.
"Southern California is still drawing from
our country stocks, but export trade is vry
quiet and local consumption shows somewhat
lighter than is generally noted for this time of
the year. J
"Choice wheat hay continues to come in
quite freely and we still' find that the poorer
qualities are being held back. Prices show
practically no change from those quoted for
the last two or three weeks."
BRAN— J19©20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 60©28 per ton.
SHORTS — $10®20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@24 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50@32 SO;
jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $23@24; Cocoa
nut Moal. $2*525; Corn Meal. $31 50@32;
Cracked Corn, $32@32 60; Mixed Feed $22®
23; Horse Beans, $30#40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. SOc per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $1(*315: Wheat and Oat. 110®
14: Oat, $9@12; Barley and Oat. $8@11; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable, $0310; stock.
$5 50@7; Clover. S7@10; Alfalfa. Sl»y-12 per
ton. -
STRAW— 35@60c per bale.
Haj- and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 SO^;
5 10, usual terms; Bakew" Extras. $4 70® 5s
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl. . ' ;
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do, $3 6OJ
Oat Meal. $4; Oat Groats. $4 25: Hominy.
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour $4<25; Cracked
Wheat. ?3 75; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour. ?3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls. 50 75@7 50; la
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, *5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, |5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honer>
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 7H@10c for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarine*.
6%@7%c for White and 6%©7c for Red;
Peaches 7%©S%c per lb; Pears, 7$12c;
PluauB pitted, 6©6%c for black. 7%©S»»ric
for red and 7®5%c for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
bricks. 50c; 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown. 60c; 6
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2?4@3c; black. 2%©
6%c; Evaporated Apples. 4%6«%c per Ib.
PRUNES — 1%S1$»C per lb for the four elaes
and 2V4c basis for the- large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o: b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. Jl 3C(gl 33;
London Layers $1@1 10; Loose Muscatelt. 4
crown. 4%c; 3-crown. 3\c: 2-crown. 3V»c:
Seeded. 4S5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4®4Hc;
Seedless Sultanas. Zhic per lb.
NUTS — New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 129
13c; No. 2, lO£?llc; No. hardshell. 12c;
No. 2 10c; Almonds. 16@17c for Nonparlels.
14@14%c'for I X L. 13%@14%c for Ne Plus
Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts. 637c for
Eastern? Pecans 11313c; Cocoanuti. $4 501x5:
Chestnuts. 7©9c per lb for California and 11®
12 %c for Italian.
HONEY— Comb, 11%®13c for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%©
6c; light amber extracted. 5®5%c; dark. 39
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27®20c per lb.
SjnWARV OB MARKETS.
Jo-day a holiday alt oz'cr the j
',1'iiil-strci't Stocks 1 irregular;
soinc losing and others gaining, i
Coitott zscak and sensitive to the ¦
gitwers' report.
Call Money iJiozvin? a firm ten
devey i:i Xcxv York.
Jjkal Exchange on Nctt York j
avoir. Sterling rates Unit.
Transfer cf Si.6oo.oco from \
.Vrti York to San Francisco j
for crop movement.
Local Sugar, stocks shene a gen- j
eral recovery.
Wheat. Barley, Oats and Corn i
about as before. I
Bran, Shorts and other Feed- \
stuffs advance. Hay steady.
Nothing nrze in Beans and Seeds.
Xot much change in Potatoes,
Onions and Vegetables.
Turkey market breaks all to |
pices. Tcjth a large carry-over.
Game jnarkct lozirer, in sympathy
zvith turkeys.
Butter and Eggs iceak, and the
latter lozver.
Fruit market quiet, with Mexican
I iives Icmcr.
Provisions still inactive ¦ every
-..-here. Hogs still higher. ! '
San Qaentin Grain Bags all
cleaned up.
Lumber trade hampered by car
shortage.
Xo Business To-Day.
To-<2«y hfinc Thanksgiving j ay and a legal j
holiday. |.i»T.'ss will b* suspended throughout :
the Vnlted States.
• ~^~^^~
Quicksilver Trade.
The follcwirg (bows the exports of quick
silver from Pan Francisco by *ea in October.
To — Flasks. Value?, j
-f*pan 370 514,110
Mexico 45i» 17. 9U |
ffr.iral America 7« 3.4811
Ai:ptralia 25 1.0(>0 i
V«w York 1.020 40.W00 I
Totaj* 1.941 $77,016 i
Iti October. lJXtl. the exports were S009 1
TUske. valued at H2T..44S. The total for that
rr.uctfc included 1<22.*> fla*k» for C"hina. 25<"» for
Japan and JtiOO for New York. The receipts
si this j>cirt ia*t month wer« 2212 flasks.
t-Ralnrt rSTO in October. 1SHJS.
The Lumber Trade.
The Paciflc Lumbt-r Trafi^ Jo'urnai eay*:
"After a luamrr of almost unexampled ad
versity In the lumber buelncfss of the coast
the iBfllftlJ) has be«-n face to face with one
or th* most ?eriou» car shortages that !t has i
«ver had to contend with. The situation is !
. : » '.- the morr uncomfortable by the- fact that j
the lumber Ijucln^fl* Is picking up in all dlrec- I
Cons, and at this tirru- th^re is more business j
than the manufacturers -xan find transporta
tion ror.- The lumbermen hav# been In the
n.:<J«t of- the turmotl for the past sixty days '
u^ to th*ir r,»ck» It 1« estimated by men in j
the business that 40 ' to 50 per cent of the !
ttlngle uiiliS harp been shut down and have |
b<^n id> much of the time for lack of cars.
These ptat«>ni»rtii come from the buyers and I
oat the mlllnit-ij. who might be considered to i
l>e stretctir.g the matter. The mills on branch '
lines &nd out In the woodr- so to speak are <
QM hardest hit. Many euch who usually i
l-ad a dor.er. u fifteen cars a month are !
:uiky now if they yet two or three. Shingles '
advanced to f 1 4<> and (1 £0 at the mills, but I
there »u bo consolation In that, for the man- i
ufartur«»r «u unable to iret cars. Shingles I
ha-.e suffered to a much ¦ greater extent than 1
has lumber, and all mills In the • Interior of 1
the producing section have suffered to a much !
greater extent than those on the lines of rail- j
ways and around the centers from whence I
the cars are distributed." - -. ;
Storks. Couon, Copper and Coffee.
T*.e Niv; York wires of E. F. Hutton &
Co. y«trrd«y said:
STOCKS — There is na rearon to believe that
the standard eh*rei or the better c!a»s of rall
r »ad ; av.i industrial stacks, which can carry '
ti.rrrselves In a 4 yifr cent call money market,
win be Injured In lower positions or that there !
will b« any fbatetnen; to the spread of th«- •¦
revival of increased activity in all lines of j
»r-n»ral tramlnnm -hrouphout the country. The I
fun(J*rr>»rital cnnCitlryr.s on which the bull
rr.-«v*rri<--r.t la th« gc-n»ral *tock market -x&s |
;'--iicated are rti'.l etrcr.gly in eiidenee and are 1
or «uch a favorable contrast with those pre- I
vaijtng at this tir.-.p last year that the Thanks
giving hol<!ay to-tnerrow srtU b<? universally
enjoyed. The sUuetion and outlook are sag- '
renive of a continuance of a good, cteady I
niark*^. and we believe the bull movement has
r n yet culminated, but will be resumed with
the subsidence of the present unwarranted ajj
rrehecsion which seezje to prevail '.n «cme
Q-artere over the mon^y situation.
«""OTTON — Ginn»r»' rfport: 475 counties,
t.'Z^.I'Tt bal»«. against 4.2OC.133 last >ear It
will be remembered that in the i:.25O.000-baIe
crop year the ricking of thewe crops was not |
commenced until after Christmas and that j
rr-tr.&sxats of the crop were still being picked |
la the > am«- fl>!<5s where plo-wir.g was polng '
on «!nsu!taneocs?>- foj- the n*w crops. On!r a •
very small percentage of this year's crop re- '
rr.aini to b» picked, and it looks as though
the i»mn«j-.ts of it would be irathfrea befor-
Om »nd,of the first we*k in December It wir
thus take more than t!ie«e ginnere' reports or
the excessive crop estimates which are again
b*lEr promu-gated to convince us that the crop
!s much, if ar.y, in excess of 11,250.00ft bale*
ar.d we thenfore br-Iieve tradw Is again tak
ing a too pessimistic view of the situation
an3 that the bears are again overselling th«
. < vf' FF J : P~^ <5vic '"J from *>-ropean markets i
'r.-<Jay being ,av O rab!e «ioouraged further buv
lr.g for local bull account*. Recent buyer*
•old rather freely at 7c for March and 7.20c
tor May ia order to be In position to absorb
offerings again !n weak periods. Liquidating '
? w.,° O'c<.rr.b*r continue, aa notice, can :
doubtleen circulate on Saturday next
COPPER— Tb* copper market to-day con
tlnu-d to show TTfakne.! fn spots. The heavy
rolling in Atlantic was not in evidence to
day l>«jt the stock came out gradual!}- from
lo-al fcoldrrs, v-fco were alarmed at the report I
from the mine. Shannon w M in good demand i
all -Jar and closed at the top. All the trader- ;
ar- ,UU moderattly bullish and consider tb's I
rcsition of great benefit to th» market. j
soon; n r or s f.. 17% n«4| 17 17% '
1U0I Do pfd <5CV 4 62Vi CO 63
Do 4s i« 15% 16% 16%
700 U S Cast Iron P 1«% 1«% 1<>Vi 1«%
500 Do pfd 72% 72 72 72% j
l-lU S Express 125 122 »
lS.WOi U S Leather.... 14 Vi 13% 13% 14 |
2.X0O! Do pfd 05 94% 04 % 05 |
3,8001b' S Rubber 33% 32% 33% 33% |
3.0001 Do pfd.. 91 88% 90% 91 |
57, WO, U S Steel Ccr... 27% 2li% 27% 27%'
107.3iX>| Do pfd DOVi S8% 00 90% I
1,000 Va-Car Chcm Co 40% 40 40 40Vi j
1.300 Do pfd 113% 113% 112 112% i
2.800 Wabash 23% 22V- 23 2:{% !
3.00CJ Do pfd 46» 4 45V 46 46% I
.1 Do deb Bs 67 67% '
I Wells Fargo Ex. 4!) 50 ,
1.10OJ Western Union.. 02% 91% U2 02>,i <
2,900| Westlnghouse ..|1R2 179% 181% 181% '
W &. L E 20 20V* :
SCO Do 1st pfd 47% 47 47% 48%
I Do 2d pfd 27 30%.
6001 Wisconsin Cen... 23% 23% 23% 24 i
*8,000j Do pfd 48 | 47% 47% 4S% j
1.275.600 total thares sold.
New Y'ork Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg. .104%|Hock Val 4%s....llO
Do coupon 104 4 ;L & N unified 4s. 103
Do 3s reg 104%|Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do coupon 104%lMex Central 4s... 78 i
Do new 4s reg. 1:20%] Do 1st inc 27%
Do coupon 130%|MInn & St L 4s.. 96% ,
Oo old 4s regr.lOOUlM, K & Texas 4s. 103 j
Do coupon KK5V; Do 2ds 80%;
Atch gen 4s... k ..l02%!NR of Mex con 4s 81%
Do adj 4s »4%tN Y C gen 3%s..l00%
Atlantic C L 4s.lOO' |N J C gen 5s....l35U
Bait & Ohio 4s,.103%|Nor Pacific 4«....lO5
Do 3%s 06%| Do 3s . • 75% I
Central of Ga Ss.lll%iXor & W con 4s.lO4ii. |
Do 1st inc 1)2% Pa conv 3%s 102% ;
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 108 Reading gen 4s... 102 j
Chi & Alton 34s. 82 S L & I M con 5s.ll6 |
C B & Q new -U.KX)% S L & S F f? 4s. 89^ ,
C.M & SP gn 4s.llC%|St Louis SW lsts. 97%'
C & N\V con 7a.l2^%iSeaboard A L 4s. 84 j
C. R I & Pac 4s. Sl% So Pacific 4s 9fl I
Do col 5s 01 (.So Railway .Is 118% .
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lC2%|Tex & Pac lsts.. 121
Chi Term 4* 85 |Tol. St L & W 4s. 81%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 81%!Union Pacific 4s. 10(5% i
Colo & So 4s.... SS41 Do conv 4s 115>/4 i
C F & I con 5s. S5 |U S Steel 2d 5s.. 92% !
Den & Rio G 48.101 (Wabash lstn .....117V,;
Krie prior lien 4s. 101%t Do deb B 67% .
Do gen 4s 91%: W & L. Erie 4fi... 92%
F W & D C lsts.lll '|Wis Central 4s... 02%
Sew York Mining: Stocks. j
Adams Con 20jLittt<> Chief J T5
Alice 58lOntario ...3 50;
Breeco ..., 12iOphlr 2 05
Bruns Con 12IPhoenlx 14'
Com Tunnel .... OSIPotosl ......'..... 15:
Con Cal & Va. . . 1 60lSavage 2O •
Horn Silver 1 35lS!erra Nevada .°.3 !
Iron Silver 2 r.OfSmall Hopes 27 I
Leadville Con 02:standard 190
Boston Stocks and Bonds. i
Money— |U S Steel 27%
Call loans 3Q3%j Do pfd 90
Time loans 4@5 Westing- • Common. 89 i
Bonds — Mining —
Atchlson 4s ....*. 102 Adventure 6 !
Do adj 4s 93% Aliouez 18U '
Railroads — . JAmal Copper ...: 77%,
Atchison 8SU!Amer Zinc 13 V
Do pfd 103%IAtlantlc 17%'
Boston & Albany.252 IBlngham 37%
Boston & Maine. 167 iCalumet & Hecla.660
Boston Elev 154 |C«>ntennIal 28%
Fitchburg pfd. 140 .Copper Range ! "0 :
Mex Central 224IDaly West 13%tM
N Y. N H & H..106 iDom Coal 61 4
Pero Marquette. .. 75 kTYanklln 12%
Union Pacific 115%!Grancy 5 7-16
Miscellaneous — |Isle Royale 30 I
Amer Arge Chem. 19%'Mass Mining .... 7%
Do pfd 82%'Uichlgan 9%\
Amer Pneu Tube. ."4i.Mohawk 54^ '
Amer Sugar..- 149 I Mont Coal & Coke 4U
Do pH 13R |Old Dominion ... 27%
Amer Tel ft Tel.l44UiOsceola 94 14
Amer Woolen ... 30 •
Do pfd 02 lOulncy 4..12O
Dom Iron A S... 17 I Shannon 9*4
Ed Elect Ilium.. 245 |Tamarack l*>s
Gen Electric . . . .190%lTrinlty 13
Mass Electric 16 iV S Mining.. " ">'t 1
Do pfd 62 |T* S Oil .... ' Jo I
Ma«s Gas .; 41 lITtah 44
United Fruit lOfiUlVletoria ....... ' 51/
Vn Shoe Mach... 58Vi|Wlnona 1114
Do pfd 31%| Wolverine !lO6 j
London' ClosfnGr Stocks.
Cons for money.. R9U!N Y Central 138 •'
Do for acct..?S 3-16jNor & Western... 76%
Anaconda 5 7 -4J, Do rfd 94
Atchlson *9*4lOnt &• Western... 41 U
Do pM ..10M4 [Pennsylvania .... 60?4
Bait & Ohio 9f>K I Rand Mines ' II U,
Can Pacific lSCVJ'Readlng 30%
Che« & Ohio 50W Do 1st pfd 4.V •
Chi Great West.. 24% I Do 2d pfd 41
Chi, Mil & St P.1774ISo Railway....... 3.VU
De Bwrs 1 i l«tJ! . rjo -^f<j. .,... . T , 07^
Den & Rio O 32 T 4ISo Pacific . .. fiSSft ',
Do pfd .-. . fiflSi'XTnlon Pacific 11<»% '
Erie 3nU! Dn nfd ........ J>7 '
Do l.«t pfd 731% ITJ S Stof-I ?<» -i
•Do 2d pfd Rfl I Do rfd f>1 *; ;
Til Central .I.VT iTTabash "4
Lnulo * Nash 141*4' Do 'ifd 4rtu
M. K .*¦. Texas... ."KSlPpanleh 4« R51J ,
Bar silver— Steady. 27%d per ounce .
Mon»y— 232% per cent.
•/Hi* J".7\ te cf , rI1 " c " | 5«nt 'n the open market for'
£¦«•"¦ 3 T>er cent and for thre<! months'
bills S p»r cent.
asraiHBt th» gold exports In the foreign ex
change market lowered the quotations in that
market and so obstructed the gold outgo.
: Money did rot get hlgner than 3*i per cent and
! lh« larpr- offerings at that flgur* caused tha
I lmprrsiion that Important banking Interests
j purposed to oppose the advanc-e above thaf
rr.te at prr-aent. The trust companies and J.
P. Morgan & Co. also announced the pur
chase of *2O,000,C0O of Chicago. Burlington and
| Quincy band's. This represents another of the
; offerings which have overhung the market dur
. Ing- the |-.erlo4 of indigestion of securities wh«n
i the temixirary borrowings were resorted to to
! avol.l the necessity • of selling bends at low
i rncrs. The placing of these in succession this
•yycpii has had an effect upon sentiment in
quarters where the belief is held that the
Ftrrngth in the present market is fost*red to
a largo degre* by the great financial powers
' who have an interest in placing these ihw ls
! tucs. Rnilroad stocks were not greatly affect
ed hy the selling and. in fact, moved rather
flug,-;ishly all day tn either direction. But a
I large number of low grade Industrials and
I sj-ccialtif-s und some of the obscurer railroads
I ».ufrer<>d materially. This Is the natural con-
I grriurvpn ot th* rather heedless speculation in
I thes* Meurlties-. which has been a marked fea-
I ture of the recent trading. Amalgamated <^op
j r>«"r shcirpti sympathy with the reaction In the
foreign copper market rather than with do
mc«ic copper stocks, which were higher. The
J prrat Mrength of Atchisr>n was unexplained
i by nny news announcement, but it proved an
| <-ffecttve stay for the whole market. United
! Btst«>» Steel preferred was also an effective
5'i«MR]n!ng factor nnd was helped by the re
i r'>rt of large buying of various products for
equipment, as well as by the Iron Age'» cheer
i ing view of the trade condition. Ttw market
! cloj-fcil below the best and barely steady.
Th»>re tms a confident absorption of United
! Ftatf>« Ptcel sinking fund 5s on a rising seal*
The bond market (ren-rally was slew. Total
! nales Oir value) $3. 500,000.
fnlt^J States bonds were unchanged on
call. J
New York Stock LisU
E. F. Hutton & Co., 1W) California street,
j E&n Francisco, members of the New York
I Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange: . .
Sal«-s. j Stocks— HighjLow.l Bid. j Ask.
10.0O0'Arr:«!s Copper -- 7S", 77>4 78 i 78V»
Un-.er Can Co .. i>W\ 9 1 * OU 9H
| Do pfd 52'»| 52 52 62H
, 2.C0O Amer C & F Co tlU 31 'i 31 H
8001 Do yfd SOM SS% 6SH 8»
200iAmer Cotton OU. 33\» .T."* 33H 34
5001 Do pfd 1024 101% »3 9«
30<> ! Am€r Dist Tel.. 3Ui 30^ 31 1 iil'ri
1.000'Amer Grass T Co »H 3Vj !*% 10
l.OOOJAmer Hide & L. 9S SH 6% »
I.eOOl Do pfd 38 37Vj 37% 3b
400j Amer Ice 8 *» 8^» 8 J* ,?
30u Do pfd 38 36?» 87* 83
I Amer Lir.seM .. 17 1" 1«H }$%
! Do pfd 404 37H 374 *OJa
I.!»OO|Amer Locomotive 33 ** S2W 3-JMt 3*V*
l.KX.; Do pfd 102-m019i 102 _ 103
COCJAmer Malt I «H «»*-**" _ <?S O 5^
1.700 Ho pfd 25 T» 25*8 MJi 26
IS ILK.' Amer S & F Co Bl% TO% 8 ?!4|,?i
700 ! Do pfd |1U "3 113^)114
31.1KK\Amer Sugar |150Vi 147*i H9U 149%
Do Pfd \l*° 137 ul li0
' i,2CK> Amer Tel & T Co l«Vi 144 144U 145
SOOAmer Tob pfd.. »3% 02H •-•; •-••
21-0 Amer Woolen ... 23 -22 22*i 23
I Do pfd 93 1 ; »•' 92 e3
i ii.900' Anaconda 113% 113 112 113
I Ann Arbor 37 J4 ,34 37
I Do pfd 87 64 I «4 h<
I lOMOOiA. T & Banta Fe 88% 86Vil 88% 884
I looo Do Pfd WS^PS^PSfePS.^
7»XK)Balt & Ohio ... «6 I 95V4 »5! B i 00
¦"tO! Do pfd 8*'i 94 93 04*
23.O00B RT %^I Ti «S
Brooklyn U Ga*. 222 218 219 222
200 Brunswick D & I 9% 04 »U »J4
iButterick Co .. 564 56 »« %£*
100 Canada Southern! «S 68 68 604
7,500'Canadian ', Pacific|1334 132iitl32T^ 133
5S00.C&.O I 49h .4^.499, f\
100 C & A ....45 40 40 44
400 Do pfd 85- 83 \ 83 85
10.900 C A G W 24% 23% 24% 24^
100 Do pfd A .... «7 67 C5 67
300 Do Sfd B 1 35 34 35 36
" ..Do deb. S74 874 &S 88S
!C&NW 200 197 '197 199
ii.^C M & Pt P HljinkinU 173U 173H
...i Do pfd tl83 lbl 181 183
».90uiC R I & P tnew)( 30% 35 354 35*
3.70O Do pfd f**!*? u $?& 2J
Do 4s S2 814 81H SJ
' ¦{.OribiCnlcago Terminal 154 U\ «?» 13%
4 °(K> Do Pfd 27 25% 2d% 2«» 4
3.-?WChTcago Un Trac 144 13V* 14 14J4
4.500 Do pfd. 47. 42 47.
&^fg%a\ % ss-iii
I ii£6o\Oo\o Fuel & Iron) 48% 47 47»i 48
¦ iOoi Do pfd .-.....! 83 | 64 bi 85-
I -40)iColumH Oi I-.| 13% 13 14%| 15%
¦ftOO Colorado So .... 22**1 22 | 22% | 23
! - 400. Do lrt pfd ...I 5» ! 5S I 574!
l.fXwi Do 2d pt4, -.'...I 3CS; 35Vi 30 J36%
1.500;Consol Gai . . . - 12154 ;215 |215 1215 Vi
5(X)Con Tob pTd ..|12SH|l- > 8v;jl2S4 1 ,12S4
! r* 700 Corn Products .. 24V«1 2341 23\|.24
700 1 Do pfd bO | 79\i 76» 4 | hO
2,800 Del & Hudson. .|185\I1S5 - 185 iliwH
100 D L-&-W 1330 320 320 1330
LWil) & R G 31% 31% 32 324
600 Do pfd 844 84 644 84%
DesM&FtD 24 I 25
500 Detroi'. Un By .. 774 77 V t 77 77 •»
• Detroit So 7S «% «% 1
Do pfd 2*H 27V 4 2S 284
BOODlBtil Secur ... 36 33% 36V» 30%
I ] Do bonds 77 76%j 7«% 77 v
Duluth S S & A 13% 13%| 12% 13 ft
I Do pfd 2614 2« 244 2tf
! 30,700 Erie I 38% 3SV4 31% 3S%
2.900| Do 1st pfd ...| 724 "lvfe ~-Vs 724
S.&UOI Do 2d pfd 534 524 53-. 54
IE & T H 64 CO 6<> «4
j Do pfd . . 8» 87 87 8i)
7.100 Gen Electric 1924 190 191 191%
:Great No pfd ..215 '210 210 215
iGreen Cons Cop..| 29% 28% 23% .29',;
I Havana Tob pfd .45 ! 42 42 45
LftOOlHocking Val^... 80% 86 S5% 80%
1.100 Do pfd ...... U0 K»4i .'04 »1
4.200in;incls Central.. 148%il4S%|149% 149%
1.7CV Inter Paptr 20»» 19^ 2OVi »>4
400| Da pfd 78 77% 774 78
Inter Power CO 604
'Inter Pump .... 41?i 40 40 41
Do pfd 85 83 83 85
llowa Central .. 30 29% 29% 30
100' Da pfd 56 5« 50 56%
1.000KC FlS & M pfd 83»4l 82% 82% 82%
100|Kan» City So... 29vil 28% 28% 29%
2001 Do pfd 53% 53 51% 53
'Keokuk & De« M 1U 18
Laclede Gas pfd i»0 100
200:Lake E & West .. 40% S9 39 40
1 Do pfd | SH5 102
400iLons: Island .... 62% 62 I 61 C2%
3,COO!Louis & Nash... '139 187% 13S% 139
' 5.200- Manhattan 1CS% 167H 16SUilCS%
JManhat Beach.. 94| 11
»00 Metropolitan Sec 82 81% S2 82%
9.500 Met St Ry 124U 122% 123'4|12:{%
8,5iio;Mexican Central. 22% 22% 22% 22%
2U0IMlna & St Louis) 63 64
j Do 1st pfd 1 93 ON
100|M. ft P 4 S S li; W 90 90 90%
400 Do pfd 14X 148% 145U 148
2,000jMo Kan & Tex. 34V4 33% 34% 34%
1 2O0 tH> pfd 63»i 62% 63 634
17.900, Missouri Pacific. 108% 107% 108% 106%
300:Nash. C & St L. 144 143 142 148
1.70O|National Lead... 23% 23 23% 23%
200! X>o pfd..;...*. .97 87 97 08
COO Nti RR Mex pfd. 43 42% 42% 43%
WOONational Biscuit". 64% S4 84% 85
400| Do pfd 116 115% 115% 117
jNew Jersey CenJI -|8»% 93
N y Air Brake 55% 60
2.800'New York Cen.. 135 . 134% 134% l.->5«4
700,'N Y. C & St L. 41 40 40% 41%
Do 1st pfd.. 12 20
I Do 2d pfd.... 74 .70
(New York Dock 15 20
800 N Y, N H'« H. l*J«% 19CV* 196% 190%
4.100'N Y.'Ont & \V. ' 41'i 39% 40% 40%
3.700!Norfolk fc West. 74% 74% 74% .74% ;
1001 Do pfd 94 00 1)0 04
«»OINorth American. lOlVi 102% 104% lOtl
8.000 j Northern Sees... 117% 116% 117% 117%
:.|O S L 4s 114 116
Pacific Coaet 75% 77
Do 1st pfd 09 105
Do 24 pfd ....,:... SO 8.V
1.M0O Pacific Mail 45U 44%. 45' 45%
49.«!t>0(Pcnn R R Co... 135% 134%
7.700] People's Gas 108% 107% 108 108%
Pere Marqette pfd 75 79 |
P, C. C & St L 135 135%
;: Do pfd 103 107
3.100 Presssad Stl Car 36% 3ft Vi 3«$ 3ti%
1,100 Do pfd 84% 83 83 83%
lOOIPullman Car Co. 2.30 228 228 231
4,200jRy Steel Springs. 32% 31% 32% 32%
| Do pf'l 88% 89
3S.600;Rea<Iing 76% 75»« 75% 75%
• 800 Do 1st pfd SS% 87% S7% S8
.200 Do 2d pfd 80 80- *0- 80%
2,400'Republlc S & I. 16% 1« . 16% 1(5%
2.-1001 Do pfd 68% '68 • .68% 68%
, l.OOOiRubber Goods... 23%!'. 23% 23% 23%
4 000! Do'pfd 84 •» 84 87. •. -.88 :
SOOEIoss S S & I Co 62% <»% '«',} -«14
I Do pfd ....'. 80% 100 -•
900!st J & G 1 17% 17- 16% 17%
i Do let pfd 87 60
, I Do2dpf a r......-..::.:.:. 28 29
SOO.'^tL * 6F let pfd 77' 76% 77/ 78 ..
«JOG! Do 2d pfd GS 67 C7% C8
SOOiSt L & S W... 24% 24 24 24%
2.200 Do pM 5.1 62% 52% 53
57,000:.<?outhera Pacific. 67 65% 66% 66%
I Do pfd 117% 117- 117% 117%
W.6H0 Southern Ry.... 34% 34% 34% 34%
1,000 Do pfd 95% 95' 95 85%
.400 Standard R-*'T 3% 3% 3% .1%
9 MWTcr.n Ccal & Iron 75 .73 74% 74%
ITex Pac L T Co 37% 3S%
4.700'T>xas Pacific... 3fl% 30. 36% 36%
lOOiThird Avrnu«... 132 131% 132. 183
IT..BIL & W. ....' 31 31%
•3001 Do pfd. :. M 52 52% ,53.
BOOiTwin City R T.; 100% lOMJ 105% IOC
S00 Do pfd.. 100% 100% 1W% 100%
SOolUnioa Bag & P. 12 11% 12. 12%
100 Do pM 75 75 75 77
:40,70O Union PadflcJ.. 115% 114% 115% 115%
Do pfd 93% 02% 94 95% |
United Copper.. .....i 9% 10" ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels. 51 50*@
2 50, per box; Seedlings $1®1 25: Tanger
ines, $l@i 25 for small and $1 60 for large
boxes; Lemons. $2 5C@3 fc r fancy $1 "5<S2 25
for choice -and $1 23fil 50 for stand
ards: Grape Fruit. $1 75S2 50; Mexican Limes,
$4 per case: Banana*. $2^3 per bunch for Cen
tral American and $192 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $1 50@3 per dozen. v
CRANBERRIES— $10® 11 per bbl for East
ern and $2«?2 75 per box for Coos Bar- ¦-
APPLES— $1 23 per box tor extra fancy. 83c
CM ' for ordinary fancy. 50@73c for cnoic»
and 25@40c for common.
PEARS— Winter Ncllis $1 25<gl 50 per box:
cooking varieties. e5c<g*l per box.
PERSIMMONS— 63@8Cc per box.
FIGS-75c«Er$l per bt>x.
GRAPES— Table varletie*. C5cfJ$l for crates.
30@5Oc for small boxes and Sl-ffil 0O for open
boxes. .<
$1 15@1 17% { Chevalier. $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
"¦ • Session 9 -to 11:30 a. m. ' ¦
December — No tales; $1 11% asked.
May— $1 10. ,
2 p. m. Session.
-' •¦ ' Open." High. Low. 'Close.
December— No salts; ?1 l(» a i bid. ?1 11% asked.
May $1 lo $1 10V4 $1 10 $1 10U
OATS — There Is nothing new-. to report in
this market. Trade, is quiet.' A liberal line
of 7591 ctls came in from Washington yester
day. - ¦ .
White. $1 42%@1 57%; Surprise. $1 55@1 CO;
Red for feed $1 32%@1 45 for No. 1 and
$1, 22%@1 30 fo r No.' 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42%gl 50; . Black, $1 3<Xgl 35 for feed and
$1 45«fl 62% for seed.
CORN— Previous conditions rule, with th»
Influx from the West keeping up right along.
Western sacked. $1 45@1 50 .for Yellow.
$1 45@1 50 for White and $1 45©1 50 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 45®1 50,
small round do- $1 55fil 62%; • White, nom
inal: Egyptian.' $1 S5@l 40 for White and
SI 17%@1 20 for Brown.
RYB-$1 40@l 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
ctl. with receipts of 650 sacks yesterday.
1 COVi- ¦ For a time trading was very" .quiet
and prices held around the low point. Toward'
the middle of the session sentiment became
quite bullish, one of the causes of the. im
proved tone was a decrease in primary re
cciptg, arrivals to-day at Kansas City and St.
Louis being only about one-half those ot the
corresponding day a year ago. Another factot.
was the continuance of; drouth conditions in
the Southwest. The Kansas crop report noted
considerable damage through. that State. v ' Late
news from the Northwest also favored the
bulls, demand for' flour at Minneapolis being
somewhat Improved. On the rally December
advanced to {l'W'/i and May to $1 10^;^ All
of the gain however, was lost during the last
half hour, profit-taking being largely rcspon-.
sifcle for a break in December to $1 OS 1 };. May
declined to $1 09^<®l 09%. The market closed
easy, with December off ' }4@%c at $1 08%.
May closed }4@ Vic lower *t $1 09%. ¦
In corn the market was firm. December
closed at 499s c. a sain of %c.
December oats closed *&@Hic higher at 20%c.
Provisions were steady, " as a result of a
tmall run of hogs at the yards. Trading was
entirely local and of small volume. At the
close January pork was up 5@7&c, lard was
unchanged and ribs were up a shade.
The leading futures ranged ae follows: ' ' .
Articles. Open. . High. Low. Close.
De*cVrnber^?'..?~l 09% 1 00V* 108% 108%
May..... 1 0W* 110% 1 O9*« • 1 089,
July OSft 99V* 9Sft 8SVi
December 0 '.. .7. 49 40% 48K «%
May 40T6 46* 45% 45%
July :.. 45% 46ft 45% 45%
Oats. No. 2— .
November • — • • • • • • • • 30V%
December 28% 29% 28% 29%
May 31^i 31% 31% 31%
July 31% .31% 31% 31%
Mess pork p*r bbl—
January ....12 65 12 70 12 65 12 65
May 12 75 12 87% 12 75 12 75
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January: 7 00 7 02% 7 00 7 00
May 7 17% 7 20 7 17% 7 17%
Short ribs, per 1OO lbs—
January 6 00 6 05 « 60 6 52%.
May 0 67% 6 70 6 67% 6 67%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 24, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen. ¦_
CHICAGO. Nov.' 23.— Under the influence ot
liberal receipts in the Northwest and of re
ports, of excellent harvest . weather in.'Argen.
Una the wheat market opened a trifle easier.
December was unchanged to • %c lower at
$1 U8©1 09H- May was a shade to ' J ,i@%c
down at $1 OOU©1 W>\,. During the earl;
part of the day a disposition was 'manifested
among small holders to even up over the holi"
day. As a result of this telling the. market
rrade ' a further decline, December going down
to $1 obviCl ot>!». May sold off to 91 0U'i3>
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Nrw York Stock Market.
r^::sld<T*bly lower at one time to-day than
?h»v r.^r* ia,t r.Jrht and then rather more than
recovered the dec-Jr.-. with some proiXent in"
etcne,-* nf agFrrtFjve sirencth. The whole
rnsrket turr«d largely on the money situation. '
r r .rc»-nine losn rate* and the ptndf^?
.> hnnksrfvin* holiday prompted cor.eldcraLie
llrht«i!ng cf speculative loans. Another re
sult »¦«¦* the decline In the amount of business j
o^nr. Yrv.-rday's flurry in the mancy mar
km he;* ju Influence this morning on account !
p» CM f;rm tone shown, bcth for call and time
loan* 1>«»re was practically no time money
orr^rtrf for any period f«r lees than 4 per I
J'r-t. The enes.scinent of. additional cold coin
•f *r.ip.T5cr.t to Germany *mphsst:wd the tn
«vacB of thi« showing. The amount contem
plated r<-»r th.!* ehlsment vu ax tnuch as a
n-j.ticji cellar* early In th* day. This was re.
«j.-^d by half before the end of the day. Money
rates also rrlai-d later. Tfce presence of bills
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTON^JALES
£& fes
100 100
Horses, Horses, Horses
TO-MOPEOW.
FRIDAY, .\0V^MBER-.25th
At 11 o'clock at .
International Horse Market. .
TWELFTH AND HARRISON STS.
By order of C. R- Suggett and James Bett of
E!ko. Nev..
I wll» sell 100 hral of CHOICE RANGE
HORSES, weighing from 000 to 1400 lbs; about
60 head of this stock is well broken. Oood
heavy boned solid chunks, suitable f<>r con-
tractors and any kind of heavy delivery.
We want intending purchasers to come and
examine this stock thoroughly before the day
of sale, as it has been a long time slnc<" such
a choice lot of young horses have been put oa
thin market to be forced off to the highest
bidder.
I also have seven head of CHOICE SOUND
YOUNG MULES. The above stock must tw
seen to be appreciated and must and will b«
sold. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
TO==TO==TO
HEAD AT AUCTION!
50 head broke horses, weighing from 11C0 t»
170O pounds.
25 head unbroke. from 10«X> to 130O pounds.
* Consigned by
C. R. SUGGETT. LAKEVIETV. ORE.
On« of the best consignment* of all-purpes«
horses ever offered at auction' In this city.
SALE MONDAY November 28/04.
At 11 a. m. sharp.
22O Valencia street.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
E. STEWART.' Auctioneer.
P. 3.— No outside horses will be offered.
Lfl. BURD, Auctioneer
Will Sell To-morrow, Nov. 25,
11 A. M.,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE OF THE
x RESIDENCE.
1017 FILLMORE ST.
I* H. BURD, Auctioneer.A girl never looks older than she is,
except when she has her hair done tip
In papers.'
$3.00 Round Trip, Saturday, to
Monday.' .
- The abova low rate affords a splendid chance
to visit one of, California's greatest winter;re
sorts. Pleasure Is kink at .Santa. Cruz, and
• social clubs and - other -organizations will find
It an Ideal, place at which to spend the end
of :.the , week.. Military ..band 'concerts .Satur
days and Sundays, on the beach, mammoth ca
el no, * pleasure pier. \ boating, ¦ ttshtng;,- surf bath-
Ing, also hot .salt .water and -plunge baths.
Beautiful drives along" the beach or among the
trees and flowers >. and » a rfdellgbtful * climate,
sunshiny and warm. Tickets on.pale Saturdays
at Third! and Townsend' streets Klepot.' 613;Mar
ket street and at ¦¦ ferry land In*. . foot ' of - Mar
lut.street:;x. . ... . , . — -.»• .", .. .• '•.
VALLEJO. Nov. 23.— Three hun
dred and seventy . delegates • bfJLt the
American \ Federation ¦ of - Labor j were
entertained : at a reception .: to-day •; by
the Trades and Labor Council .; and
Chamber of Commerce of Vallejo. A
committee went tp San Francisco -^ai
7 a. m» ; to ; meet- President • Gompers
and the -delegates, and '.returned .with
Delegates to : Labor Federation Con
vention Visit Mare Island.
INSPECT NAVY '. YARD.
The funeral of Abraham Anthony
will take place this afternoon a\ 2
o'clock from his late residence, 3235
Twenty-flrst street. At the widow'a
request Chief Wittman has detailed the
following detectives to act as pall
bearers: G. D. Harper, William Arm
strong, C. J. Cody, E. L.*Olbson and
I!. M. Silvey and ex-Detective T. Dil
lon. '
Widow Selects Pallbearers.
WEEKLY SANTA CRUZ - -
. EXCURSIONS
The Boot and Shoe Workers' Union
No. 10 entertained their grand presi
dent, JohnF. Tobiri of the Interna
tional Union, with an open house and
high jinks;. last night at\ the Alcazar
¦rbuildlng. Charles Woodall. president
.ot the local union,' introduced Tobin,
; who*' made '"a brief address arid com
mented' on' the 'successful i c6ndition of
the boot r arid -shoe -workers in San
Francisco." : . , > ... V: • •
;'; O. > A.\ Tveitmoe - of 'the Building
.Trades Council;, was pleasantly sur
prised when President Woodall pre
sented him "with a gold i mounted
fountain- pen. -The- boot- and shoe
workers .are loud ¦ in their' praise for
the 'services rendered ¦ by .Tveitmoe in
bringing about a J settlement between
their union and .Buckingham ,&'Hecht.
. Other;' well>'known Eastern ' labor
leaders present- were John . P.! Mead,
Collis Liovely, E. T. Walls, E. W.
O'Delland'C.E. Lowell.' '; -
Give High Jinks in Honor of John F.
;. Tobin, International President
; . of Their Union.
BOOT. AXD SHOE WORKERS
V. ENTERTAIN THEIR LEADER
An . excellent .entertainment waa
given last ¦ night ¦ by -seamen at their
headquarters, 33 Stetiart stre ft ' On the
programme were -the names - of many
clever performers.- A large attendance
filled the hall and heartily* cheered the
talented , tars. Among i those who
helped entertain were Captain vE.G.
James cl the ¦ ship Lynton, Captain
Barker of the British Isles, Captain
Leale of the steamer ' Caroline *. and
Captain ri and Mrs. McCallum -of the
Sailors' Home. The; proceeds will be
dtvoted. to the Seamen's . Institute.
Following;, was the .programme: . : v
Piano. "Btudy In "Black.'.' by J. ' K. Elmsley
of the ehlp Lynton; concertina solo. Mr. Noble
of • the . Grenada; song. r Mr. Cosslns (encore);
piano boIo, Mr. J.' l-agruay; Bong. Mr.- C.
Parks (Lynton); banjo solo. Mr. Solan; Instru
mental , quartet • by the midshipmen * of the
Lynton— Messrs. Plckthall, - Postle. Abercrom
ble and Van d»r Linden: dance by Mr. Sterrow;
graphaphone performance * by Mr. St. ¦ Kleran
of the Grenada; Instrumental duet- by Mr. R.
Abercromble and- G. -J. Plckthall; recitation.
Mr. Brock of the R. M.S. Coptic; chant>-.,Mr.
Ma Jbor. ¦ etc ; character I sketches by Captain
Leale'of, the\ steamer; Caroline.
Ijarge Audience^ Enjoys an Excellent
••''•; Musical Programme Given at
* Seamen's Institute. •
TAL.EXT.ED SEAMEN GIVE % J^f,
-": • CIjEVER^ENTERTAINMENT
"Time to get In c§py' lor holiday printing.
Knowles Company. 24 Second 'street. •
Policemen Berrie and McGorty. who
are detailed for special duty by Cap
tain .Gleeson, '"we're, .within a block of
the saloon at the time of the robbery.
When they heard. the shots that Whlt
tingham fired at the fleeing robber
they ran to • the saloon. As McGorty
emerged .from a .footpath running
from the. saloon to the main drive In
the park Hunt shouted to Whlttlng
ham, "There's the fellow." McGorty,
seeing a man with a revolver leveled
at him, was "about to fire at Whittlng
ham when Hunt recognized McGorty
and yelled to both parties not to flre
just in, time to avert a possible trage
dy.*Berrle and McGorty made a thor
ough search of the locality, but could
find no trace of the footpad.
The masked footpad who .entered
the Arbor saloon, 3290 Fulton street,
early yesterday mornTSg and held up
the proprietor, "W. J. G. Muhl; his
bartender, Harry Whlttingham, and
John^Hunt, a : customer, is still at .lib
erty." Detectives Dinan and "Wren
were : detailed on the case and they
arrested Nell Smith, a young man em
ployed at" the Chutes, on suspicion, but
neither 1 Muhl nor his bartender could
identify 1 him and was discharged.
The footpad is described as about five
feet seven inches tall, slim build and
about 22. years of age. He had his
face covered with a white, handker
chief.
Policemnn Mistaken for" Criminal and
Possible Tragedy Averted by His
Recognition Just in Time.
FOOTPAD . WHO HELD UP •
SALOON NOT CAPTURED
The meeting was held , under, the
auspices of the general committee of
arrangements of the Federation of
Labor convention. O. A.< Tveitmoe
acted" as chairman and after., a few
brief remarks introduced Samuel
Gompers as the first, speaker of the
evening. Mr. Gompers' speech was
forceful and as usual filled with per
tinent epigrams sand wholesome s ad
vice. He was followed by.; the two for
eign delegates, William Abraham and
James Wlgnall. Mr. Wignall in the
course of his address drew a graphic
word picture of the sufferings of the
Wales miners during a\ long strike in
midwinter and told how. they had fin
ally won out by "standing shoulder to
shtfUlder, one for all and. all for one."
An enthusiastic audience of working
men and women .and.- their friends
gathered ,'at the Alhambra Theater
last night and listened to addresses on
subjects" of Interest to all workers in
the cause of organized labor, j T.her*e
were few speakers and it being the
eve of a holiday the hall was perhaps
not as well filled as it might other
wise .have been, but there was no Jack
of enthusiasm. •
Working 3Ien nnd Women Listen to
Many Intcrcstliifl: Addresses.
It has been- estimated that an oak of
average size during the five months it
is in leaf every year sucks up from the
earth about 123 tons of water.
Fall bats. 1904. Just arrived, nobbi**
than ever. Tom Dillon * Co.. opp.Pala.ee- •
At noon the vessel steamed • by the
navy .yard ard the excursionists had
an opportunity of seeing the warships
moored along the quay and- of getting
a first glimpse of the Russian cruiser
Lena.
..As the guests of the Vallejo Central
Labor Council, the Vallejo Chamber of
Commerce and Rear Admiral B. H. Mc-
Calla on behalf of the navy, the 200
delega-tes, th<=-ir wives and friends spent
Ideal day visiting the navy yard
city and the Mare Island Navy Yard.
Although President Gompers had an
nounced Wednesday that the executive
council and various committees would
meet, on -the boat to transact business
and hold onferences, the day was . so
perfect and the trip so interesting that
any one proposing business v.ould have
chanced a ducking.
The start was made at 9.30 o'clock
yesterday morning on the steamer H.
J. Corcoran and few neglected the op
portunity to visit the bay points of in
terest. When the ! lines were cast off
the steamer headed for deep 'water,
with the men and women cheering, the
band playing and the blue and white
pennant of the American Federation
of Labor on the halyards. . '. •
¦ After a short Journey down the bay
to give the visitors an opportunity of
inspecting the Union Iron Works and
the new fighting machine, the battle
ship Ohio, the. Corcoran headed . for
Vallejo. While passing the ferry build-
Ing the steamer \i-as hailed by Senator-
Richard Welch in a small launch,
¦who asked the captain to "stop the
ship." This was done and Delegates
Schardt and Murphy came aboard and
continued with the party throughout
the rest of the trip.
NAVT YARD SIGHTED.
. Following- the luncheon.- an inspection
was -made of the ; v nayy-: yard- arid ' the
party } boarded the* Corcoran 7f or.', .the,
city, arrlvin g : back "at 7 : 30, enthtfsfas tfc
over the dajj's •outing. "-'¦: •".''' /.,
Rear Admiral McCalla was the next
speaker and he began by saying that
he hoped ..the brotherhood he belonged
to, the Brotherhood of Boiler Makers
and Iron Ship Builders, was well repre
sented. He spoke "of the many paths
labor had taken in the fields of com
merce and said that a trip across the
continent j was an education . In itself.
From New York's subway to the mines
of the Sierras, the. hand of labor was
apparent, • and nowhere more so than
in the magnificent fighting craft that
lay in the harbor. :
Frank Devjin followed with a few
words of welcome, to which President
Gompers afterward responded. He
said that if anything confounded the
opponents of organized "labor it " was
the appearance of great men of . the
country mingling with the- labor men
at the- feast. _ He 'told ' of .. President
Roosevelt's statement that if he were
a laboring man he would Join union
in his trade. He then spoke* of the
work of labor for universal peace and
said that a' nation needed a navy so
long as other nations Increased^ their
armaments, and .that he hoped that; the
-Government' would build all its-.ships
at its navy yards. .--, .'"
ADMIRAL McCALLA SPEAKS.
- The first speaker introduced by Leav
itt was Mayor- Roney, who welcomed
the visitors to Vallejo and Void' of the
work the' federation had done in secur
ing the building of warships in Gov
ernment yards. Nothing, he declared,
had been of so much 1 benefit to the
town of Vallejo, and, he added, the cit
izens would try to show their apprecia
tion of the federation's good work by
extending its members a hearty wel
come. ¦ • ' '
At the '.head of • the long table sat
President Gompers and on either side
of him were Mayor James Roney of
Vallejo and L. • B. Leavitt of that city,
who acted as toastmaster. Rear Ad
miral McCalla, representing the navy,
and other officers from the yard were
seated alternately with ' members of
the executive council and the Valleja
reception committee. "Among the latter
were J. B. LJale, president of the
Trades and Labor Council of Vallejo
and F. R. Devlin, president of the Val
lejo Chamber of Commerce. ' *
At Vallejo the entire party was
greeted by a committee and headed by
a band they were escorted to the pa
vilion, where -a luncheon was spread.
After trie pleasant boat ride the eat
ables were heartily, enjoyed by the vis
itors. ' • .
MEETING AT ALHAMBRA.
After lunch. the delegates .wenf over,
to the navy yard and were shown all
points of interest,' the Mare Island
station' band giving an open air con
cert. The delegates then returned to
San Francisco. ' : |
I ' Mayor Roney made' an address of
welcome, which was replied to by
President Gompers. Admiral Me-
Calla and staff were present at the re
ception and luncheon. .The" admiral
made a' short address.
them, arriving at 12:20 o'clock. After
a parade. headed by a band up Main
street luncheon for 400 was served in
the pavilion. .
" Contracts were '• awarded for street
work on Waller street and Second
avenue to Flinn-& Treacy v and Me-
Hugh &" Sheerln.Tv . >! '
Bide were ordered advertised' for.
the paving of H. street, from Sev
enth to Twentieth- aVenues. 1.-
The board ordered a fence obstruct
ing Army street, near San Bruno ave
nue," to be removed.
The Board of Works yesterday ap
pointed ten inspectors employed by
the fire underwriters to be auxiliary
building inspectors without pay from
the city, j ; ..
The City Engineer reported that the
macadamizing of Nineteenth avenue,
between Trocadero -road-, and Ocean
avenue, has bpen completed^
The Merchants' Association notified
the board that only four of its mem
bers are now maintaining, signs in vio
lation of the. ordinance and again.re
quests that all signs, transparencies
and bulletin boards be removed from
the outer edge of sidewalks.
The board. ordered the carrying .out
of the recommendations of the .City
Engineer for the improvement. of the
Bewerage in Taylor street, near. Fran
ciscb, against which complaints were
filed. ' • ¦'¦ • ' ¦; V *
Board of Public Works Orders Bids
¦ F Invited - for the Paving „ of T
-->*' H Street.
Frank Renouf, a laborer, was ar
rested by Detectives Regan and
O'Connell last night on Howard street
and charged with grand larceny. Ren
ouf, while drinking in a saloon at the
corner of Howard and New Montgom
ery streets last Friday, abstracted $20
from the vest pocket of E. J. Crowley.
When arrested he admitted his gullt-
Takcs^ Money From Man's Pocket.
APPOINTS AUXILIARY
BUILDING INSPECTORS
PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN TESTERDAT DURING THE VISIT MADE BY OVER TWO HUNDRED DELEGATES OF THE AMERI
CAN FEDERATION OF LABOR TO VALLEJO AND THE MARE ISLAND NAVT-YARD AS GUESTS OF THE VALLEJO
LABOR COUNCIL AND THE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
PImo'm £nre Is an effectual remedy for
cold on the lungs. All druggists. 25c. •
I*. M. Ulln. first mate on th»
schooner Ensign, was so badly beaten
by a thug on Tuesday night that ha
expired from his Injuries in less than
twenty-four hours afterward. The
deed was done on Folsom street and
all the robber netted for his work was
$11. Ulin was unable to make a dy
ing statement to the police, but ha
told friends of the affair soon after it
happened. The latter are not in a
position to offer any clew that would
lead to the detection of the murderer.
Ulin came ashore on Monday night
and at that time had US in his pos
session. He Immediately went to the
home of Frank Pierson at 4'. Welsh
street and spent the evening. \ When
he was taking his departure for the
purpose of returning to the ship he
Informed Pierson that he would again
call on Tuesday night, at which time
he desired Pierson to accompany him
to a tailor shop, where he Intended to
buy a suit of clothes. Pierson waited
In vain all of the earlier portion of
the following evening and finally re
tired, thinking that the sailor had
either forgotten or had accepted soma
other .' engagement. --j-\ ¦
If was nearly midnight when Pftr
son was awakened by the doorbell.
When he responded he found Ulin
standing: on the porch in .a dazed con
dition. At once the mate explained
that he was In great pain and asked
Pierson to take him in and care for
him. He said he was walking along
Folsom street when some one struck
him from behind, knocking him help
less, and then took $11 from hls*'pock
ets. Pierson assisted his friend to
bed., but an hour \ater the latter's
condition became to alarming that
Pierson notified the Central Emer
gency Hospital surgeons.
At the hospital It was found that
Ulin was suffering from a fracture of
the skull and from internal Injuries.
He became rapidly worse and expired
last evening about 5 o'clock. Detec
tives Dinan and Wren were detailed
to Investigate and are satisfied that
Pierson's statement Is true. Ulin*s
body was removed to the Morgue. He
was a native of Sweden and was about
43 years of age.
I Echoes of -. . Nome : simultaneously
sounded in two departments of the Po
lice Court. -
In the tribunal of Judge Conlan an
attorney moved . for dismissal of Max
Gutter, arrested last ; May and charged
with ••': selling "- ai $3 brazen brick to E.
Conn' for. $1700 by' representing ' that It
; Ernest Carron robbed a drunken man
of his watch and chain early yesterday
morning In the doorway of a saloon on
Market ; street, between Third and
Fourth, and Joseph Rodelll, a plumber^
witnessed the theft and informed a po
liceman, who. found the stolen property
in one of Carron's : shoes. " Judge Mogan
continued the hearing till November 29.
Carron was arrested about six months
ago and charged with 'an almost simi
lar offense, but a Superior Court Jury
" William Parker and Alexander de La
cruze,; arrested while escorting an un
consciousv inebriate into an alley* Jut
ting \ off Kearny street, with evident
Intent to | rob him, were given thirty
days apiece by Judge Fritz.
"Chee! 1 , 1 exclaimed Parker, "ef dat
ain't' a tough d/)se ter gif.a guy wot
tries ter do a gbot turn. W'y, Chudge,
dot drunk would a-bln run ofer by a
street car or a gasoline buggy or
somet'in* eflme an' Alick hedn't taken
care of hlmT"\T*irty days! No more
philahterpy fer me!" •
\'Mr. de Lacruze's facial expression elo
quently Indorsed his companion's senti
ment.'"- » /.
' Walter Conboy, convicted of va
grancy, W;ill spend both Thanksgiving
and Christmas in durance, for Judge
Mogan sentenced him to three months.
He was arrested on the water front by
Patrolman Dower, who pronounced him
the most thorough "bum" in San Fran
cisco. He served "one term as president
of the Horseshoe Club, a social organi
zation with headquarters amid the hay
bales on the Harrison street wharf,
and fb"r heraldic emblem a tomato can
couchant surmounted by the inscrip
tion "W. N. W.," which stands for "We
Never Work." The membership Is large
and lazy, and the officer opined that Mr.
Conboy's election to the presidency was
not so much a testimonial to his popu
larity as an evidence that no other
member was sufficiently energetic to
get up and run for It. 'J. $2?*>j
John Kelly, accused of drunkenness
and disorderly conduct, hoped that
Judge Fritz would not be so cruel as
to deprive him of opportunity to ful
fill his promise to treat a lady friend
to -a Thanksgiving dinner. She was
of excessively sensitive temperament,
he -^plained, and if he disappointed
her the result might be a severance
of their" relationship, which, he con
fessed, was tender. The Judge j gave
Mr. Kelly twenty-four " hours' Impris
onment to prepare himself .for the
tete-a-tete absorption this afternoon.
¦ %
Patrolmen Berry and McCortie were
in Judgfe Cabanlss' court to tell how
they arrested Miss Alice Wilson for
masquerading in masculine attire, but
the defendant failed to appeaft- and
thereby conveyed vexation of spirit, to
an expectant "auditory. The Judge
hinted at forfeiting the /10 bail that
was presertf in lieu of the woman, but
an attorney asked for and obtained a
continuance till to-morrow.
Miss Wilson— which is not her
name — was promenading Fulton
street, near the Chutes, at midnight
Tuesday when "the policemen cap
tured her. She was accompanied by
two women atlired In automobiling
costume, while she wore masculine
nether garments that were consider
ably too small for her. She said she
had met with an accident while
autoing. It ruined her own clothing
and she was compelled to don her
little brother's trousers. to enable her
to reach her home.
"I might have expected that," said
the officer to the Judge, "but it was
to save the woman from a threaten
ing knockout that I grabbed the man
first. He had her going."
Nelli« sniffed derisively and de
clared there was not the least danger
of her being knocked out. "I don't
care what any one says," _ she ex
claimed, "John never touched me, and
this policeman had no right to butt in,
anyway." \ ¦
The Asperns, John and Nellie, will
be sentenced to-morrow for disturb
ing the peace.
Since their j wedding, less than C
twelvemonth ago, John and Nellie
Aspern have not dwelt in unbroken
marital felicity. Contention entered
their, home ''at Fifth and Brannan
streets ere the honeymoon had fairly
waned, and from acrimonious argu
ment it gradually broadened Into fistic
combat. In the oral tilts Nellie in
variably held her own and' had some
to spare, but in the athletic contests
John's superior muscle and knowledge
of the boxing game always won oufe
If conquered, however, Nellie was
never subdued. Her defeats were not
accompanied by disgrace, as that ele
ment is rated in pugdom. for in ab
sorption of punishment she proved
herself a perfect glutton. Before
she succumbed John was convinced
that he had a fight onhand.
In the battle described by. Patrol
man P. Hammond to . Police Judge
Mogan the woman had been knocked
down three times within as many
minutes, but was upon her feet and
punching hard. If not scientifically,
when the bout was stopped by the
officer's arrival. • He. gallantly grasped
John ' and purposely afforded . Nellie
opportunity :to deliver a "sockdolo
ger" or two upon the prisoner's coun
tenance, but instead of doing that she
transferred her battery to, the police
man.
Again was the case of W. A. Prole,
charged with assaulting fourteen-year
old Lorella Campbell,' called In Judge
Mogan's court, again was there no
appearance of either the girl or her
mother. A detective who had previous
ly been detailed to discover their
whereabouts reported that they have
left the State. Another continuance of
two days was then ordered.
* John Wilson, a boy, was accused of
stealing twelve pounds of twine from
W. A. Plummer's rope and cordage
store. 111 Clay street, and' among the
puns evolved by the hearing 1 was one to
the effect that the defendant was
"roped in," and another alleging that
the arresting, policeman. had the pris
oner "on a string." When the Judge
pronounced the defendant guilty and
senten/ed him to three months* Impris
onment the attorney for the prosecu
tion opined that the decision was in ac
cord with the evidence.
• • •
John Daly, was either unable or un
willing to explain his reason for hurl
ing a rock through a window of the
Seattle Club, on Bills street, night be
fore last and maiming a poker player,
whose hand was struck by the missile.
The prosecuting policeman opined that
Mr. Daly had been drinking, and Judge
Mogan ordered a continuance till to
morrow.
• • •
Laura Traver, alias Laura Le Seer,
was sent by Judge Fritz to the Supe
rior Court, where a jury will determine
her guilt or innocence of the charge of
felony embezzlement. Her bond was
fixed at $1000.
Miss Martini Turner said it was in
Samaritan spirit purely that she spoke
to a plain-clothes policeman night be
fore last at Post and Stockton streets.
She saw him stub his toe against a
sidewalk protubTrance, she explained,
and ! being a prof esrional chiropodist
and all-round expert In the treatment
of ailments of the feet, she asked him
If he was much hurt and if she could
do anything to alleviate his suffering.
To her great surprise he arrested her,
and there she was. The policeman's
version of his chat with the defendant
was somewhat conflicting with hers,
and Judge Mogan continued the case to
afford Miss Turner time and opportu
nity to prove her claim to the consider
ation due a licensed corn doctor.
;• . ¦•• -4 . ¦
C. F. Glfford and A. I* Brewer,
young fellows, were before Judge Fritz
on the charge of loitering In Jefferson
Square and thrusting, their uninvited
attention upon women and girls. Pa
trolmen Earle and Ward testified that
the defendants were almost dally in the
square and several complaints against
them had been received from glrla
whom they endeavored to "mash." Olf
ford pleaded that he was a watch
maker in 111 health and loafed In the
square for hygienic purposes only, and
Brewer, who lives on Alcatraz Island,
said he loved to dawdle in the square
because of the scenic environment. The
case waa continued for two weeks.
• • •
Judge Fritz again continued the case
of Lena S. Walton, who Is accused by
the aforementioned Max Gutter of ob
taining money under false pretense. He
alleges that she induced him to pay her
$1000 for a one-third interest in the
Goldbug mine, near Nome, by repre
senting that the property waa entirely
fiers, whereas said representation was
false. •
was -of pure. Alaska grold and worth
$18,000. The motion alleged a defective
complaint, and It was taken under con
sideration for one week.
BY JAMES C CRAWFORD.
Detectives Regan and O'Connell last
night arrested Robert ileeks on suspi
cion of being one of the men who as
saulted Ulln. Meeks, so the detectives
allege, was seen leaving the schooner
Ensign with Ulln and accompanied
him uptown.
A confirmation of the stories afloat
yesterday could not be obtained from
I. W. Hellman last night, but a man
who is very close to the banker and
railroad magnate said that it was true
that several changes had been made in
the directorate of the two Los Angeles
street railway corporations, but he did
not regard it as very significant. Con
tihuing'he said: . -
"Although several directors have been
changed, it' remains a fact that Henry
E. Huntlngton 4s still president of the
pacific Electric Railway. As a matter
of fact, Huntington has always been a
minority stockholder, but with the aid
of Hellman lie has practically dom
inated in the affairs of the companies.
Furthermore, "Hellman, as every one
knows, has . long been interested with
Harriman, and to-day the banker and
his son are representatives of the Har
riman interests, in a number of the
steam railroads in California."
A representative of The Call tried to
get a statement from H. E. Huntington
in Los Angeles, but. he refused to talk
and Immediately closed the mouths of
his subordinates. '
Last night this story was followed by
another from Los Angeles to the effect
that Huntington has signified his Inten
tion of getting out of the directorate of
the Southern Pacific Company, an an
nouncement that' may \ xnWan* a bitter
flght between the three moneyed men.
It is only a few months ago that peace
was patched • up between Huntington
and Harriman after, their- war in Los
Angeles rights of way for street
railway companies. It was generally
understood that I. W.. Hellman was' the
peacemaker, and this fact naturally
deepens the Interest of the financial
world In the latest report that Hellman
and Huhtlngton" are, differing In their
business matters.
The local financial world was startled
yesterday by a report that I. W.,Hell
man and H.'^E.Huntington have disa
greed over the -policy of the \ Pacific
Electric Railway . and the Interurban
Railway companies of Los Angeles, in
which they . are jointly interested with
E. H: Harriman, and that as a result
Banker Hellman has joined with Harri
man In placing. Huntington in' the mi
nority, in the control of /tlfose compa
nies. It was reported that at the recent
election of .directors in the companies
named Hellman threw his stock to
Harriman and thereby aided the latter
in selecting: several new directors that
are not supposed to be in harmonywith
the interests of Huntington. .' . " ¦' . :
Story From the South Says
Banker Hellman Objects
to the Policy of Roads
Detectives Are Detailed to
Make an Investigation, but
Meet With Little Success
JIUNTINGTOX IS ANGRY
Policeman Who Interferes and Protects
| Woman Is Turned Upon by Her
and Soundly Berated.
ROBBED OF PALTEY SUM
Husband Floors Her Thrice
First 3Iate Ulin Succumbs
to Yicious Attack of
7 an -Unknown Footpad
Harririian Kepprted to Have
Gained Control of Street
Eailways in , Los Angeles
Delegates Take Bay Trip— Visit Navy Yard
MAGNATES SAID
TO BE AT OUTS
ROBBER'S BLOW
KILLS SAILOR
WIFE WINS VERBAL
FIGHTS, BUT LOSES
FISTIC ENCOUNTERS
Vallejo Welcomes Labor Men
THE SAN FRANCISCO •; CALL; THURSE)AY, NOVEMBER 24, 1904.
The Murlne 'Eye Remedy ' Co.,' Chicago,
Send Home Eye Book free. ' Write them
about your Eyes. .. .,;,., ._ \ . •
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. >
BEWARE
Of -a cough, especially of • infants
and delicate children. Don't wait
until the cough becomes hard, the
throat inflamed and the lungs and
bronchial passages / congested.
Avoid cough remedies that- contain
opiates^ stupefying' drugs and' dan-
gerous anodynes.;.. They only
quiet ( the symptoms— drug the'
cough into silence — but that is not
curing. A weak place is left' -to
cause trouble Tater.^^ remedy
must be used to' subdue the in-
flammation, stimulate:', the. secre-
tions, soothe and heal the 'irri-
tated membranes and cure . the
cough- to stay '. cured.' .
Irish Moss Cough Balsam is such
a remedy. It enjoys the indorse-
ments of many physicians, who
vac it in their daily practice. Sold
by your druggist at 25c and 50c
bottle.
ADVEKTlSiaiEN-TS.
fCSKCS^n^'SS£B^SJ9BBBJB^BBSBJQBSJBBSJBBflBHBBSnBBjnw*vi
IV j \y go fe* fl L U |j 8^ g\
KSfliJ' m < P I n 1
39 STOCKTON tfcr£ Z«£AS MAJtXXT.
Telephone Maili 5533.
We are still pursuing our • well-known
policy, vli, tho best goods for th« least
money. But one delivery Thanksgiving day.
at 0::iO a. m.
,THTJESDAT, HUSAT A.STD SATTJK-
DAY SPECIAI.3.
CSEAMERY DUTTIB, iqu*T8..r»2c
Uusual good quality.
EANCH EOQ3, per dozen «47c
Select larKQ white.
PETALiniA COXJ3 STOttAOE EOQS
Per dozen v.iSc
KONA COFFEE. Boast or Ground . . .
Per pound 20c
Connoisseurs pronounce It excellent. Keg.
23c
EASTEBBT 8UOAS-OUSSS BACOH
Per pound ..17c
Crisp and sweet. Reg. 20c.
TEAS, All Kindt, per Xb 3Sc
English Breakfast. Oolong. Ceylon.
Young Hyson, Uncolored Japan and
Family Mixed. Reg. 50c.
XSXiAND RICE, per lb SC
Large white grains. Reg. 7c.
MACAROHX SPAGHETTI and TZS-
ancELU —
Large box R."Sc. Small. 2Oc
Reg 40c " 23c
STamo BEA1TS, s cans lor. .". .23c
8. AW. or Red Ribbon brand. Reg.I5c can
aOllAITO HEBBIKO, 7 for 25c
All MUchner. Reg. 5c each.
CHICKEN COOX BOXTBBOK. per bot-
tle, 7."»c; gallon 93.OO
Fine old Rye. Excellent Whisky. Reg.
$1.00 and $».C0. .
JAMAICA BTTM, per bottle .-75c
For your Russian Tea. Res. $1.00.
PORT and SHERRY, per bottle.. i;r»e
Gallon .". 81 .OO
Well-aged Wines. Reg. 35c and f 1.60.
r^FANTS^imfALiD^
Many of your neighbors have used
MeUin*s Food for their children. Ask
them what they think of it ; look at
their children and- see the result of
using a proper food. MeffinV.Food
will pive tho same good results if
you will use it with your baby.
8end for a sample, we win send It
free of charge.
MELLIN'3 FOOD CO, BOSTON. MASS.