UMCLE SAM WILL CLIHG
TO THE NAME' "MIERiCA"
American Federation of Labor Cannot Induce
San Francisco Bodies to Enter Compact.
LOCAL UNIONS WILL NOT
AGREE TO FUSION
LABOR LEADERS WHO TOOK PART IX YESTERDAY'S SESSION* OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION*
Continued m Page 2, Column 6.
Continued on Page 2, Column L
SANTA MARIA. Nov. 2S. — Blood
poisoning- caused the death here to-day
of Volney Houk. the youth who" 'was
accidentally shot in the arm while
hunting on Sunday. Houk's father,
who is a wealthy farmer. Is hurrying
home from the "World's : Fair, from
where he was summoned shortly after
the accident.
Tonng Hook's family was bo much
opposed to the doctor's suggestion, that
the wounded arm be amputated to pre
vent danger of blood poisoning that
the operation tras delayed.' "When the
family*! consent was obtained , It was
too late.
Youth Dies Before Parent, Who §as
Been Summoned From Fair,
Reaches Bedside.
FATHER BEATEN* BY DEATH
IX RACE FRO3I THE EAST
NEXT YORK, Not. 23.— If Thomas W.
Lawson takes himself as seriously as
"Wall street considers him amusing
then his latest effort might be consid
ered a Joke on both. Lawson, on the
eve of Thanksgiving day, gave out no
tice that he had been Informed that he
¦was "loaded to the gunwales" with
300.000 shares of Amalgamated Copper.
$0,000 shares of American Sugar and
40.000 shares «f Pacific Mail and that
he promised to dump this amount of
etock en the market at 11 o'clock to
day if after Investigation he found that
he was carrying such blocks of
ctocks. As the notices uere published.
however, no subjunctive conditions
were made concerning his threat to on
load these specialties. Consequently
the trading element was impatient to
know whether the financier proposed to
make good his threat. Members of the
Stock Exchange received during the
morning- a correct copy of his "latest"
when it was seen that the notice was
steply a press agent's hodge podge of
words.
From the manner in which the stock
market acted in the three stocks
named. It appears that Lawson did sell
a few thousand shares of the stocks.
Then he called' la hia stenographer and
dictated the following advertisement:
"After carefcHy going over mj ac-
counts I find that those statements
which were published in the early part
of the week to the effect that I was
loaded to the gunwales with Amalga
mated Copper, Sugar and Pacific and
would be obliged to throw them over
board or be ruined, were erroneous. I
therefore withdraw my request for as
sistance and assure mjt old Wall
street associates that I find myself to
day, as during every other day in the
last thirty-five years, ready to render
them any favors they may require."
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 25.— All the exhibit
wine at the California wine temple at
the "World's Fair was sold by the Cali
fornia commission to-day to the Mis
souri Athletic Club of St. Louis. Sev
eral wine dealers tried to buy the
stock, but their bids did not equal that
of the club, which was $150.
This disposition of the wines will be
a flne advertisement for this, great Cal
ifornia Industry. The Missouri Ath
letic Club is as large as the Olympic
of San Francisco and the goods of more
than thirty dealers will go on the
club's wine list and be sampled by the
members, who are among the best men
of St. Louis. The club has hung a
large banner on the exhibit announc
ing: "These, grand prize and gold med
al wines bought by the Missouri Ath
letic Club." There are ninety-seven
cases of the goods in all. There are
brandies, cordials and maraschino
cherries. -
The State building has been sold to
the Southern Illinois "Wrecking Com
pany for $500. The counters, mantels
and transparencies and the large Iron
door lock, which goes to Mrs. Pardee,
have been reserved.
The died. fruit in charge of the Cal
ifornia commission has been sold to a
wholesale " firm at an average price of
5 cents.. More than one-half of it is
prunes,- worth 3 cents in California. It
belonged to seven . people. The »1000
pounds of exhibit honey has been sold
for 10 cents; a pound.
Superintendent Taylor of the Palace
of Agriculture has told the California
exhibitors that ; they '.need not .tear
down the 'structures erected ; by : them.
This will save the counties considerable
r exn€nseV'"' r - . : ; : : ¦
FAILS TO UNLOAD HIS STOCK
Special Diroatch to The CalL
WALL STREET ENJOYS LAWSON
"WASHINGTON. -Nov. " 25.—Monslg
nor Ambrose Agins, the new papal del
egate to the Philippines, to-day called
upon Secretary of State Hay and As
sistant Secretary Oliver of the "War
Department. In . making inquiries
about affairs in the Philippines, he en
countered some complexities which
determined him to remain here until
the return to "Washington of Secretary
Taft, who Is now In Panama.
Conflicting claims as to the titles to
the buildings on the lands purchased
by the United States from the Catholic
religious orders now constitute an Im
portant question. Monslgnor Agius is
anxious that the courts in the Philip
pines be given power to fix these ti
tles beyond dispute. Regarding this
subject Monsignor Agius and-MonsIg
nor Falconio, the papal delegates at
"Washington, to-day conferred with Col
onel Edwards, chief of the Bureau of
Insular Affairs of the War Depart
ment.
The Government survey of several
haciendas owned by the Philippine
Sugar Estates Development Company
showed them to be short to the value
of several hundred thousand dollars.
A joint survey has been requested by
the Government. These properties
were formerly owned by the Domini
can order. Questions have arisen as
to titles to the large haciendas of Bl
nan, Santa Rosa. Santa Cruz de Mal
abon, together with a portion of Lol
omboy. ¦ * -
It is the opinion of the Government
attorney who examined the; titles, that
they lay in ; a separate and Independ
ent foundation, which was never
Joined in the conveyance to the Phil
ippine Sugar Estates Development
Company.' .--.The - full ' amount '¦ of the
purchase price- aggregates - $3,671,657
to be definitely determined according
to- the resurvey. . .\i: :
Special Dier>«tcii to The CaH.
SI Louis Athletic
Club Buys the
Wines.
Ep<»cial Disratch to The Call
TITLES NOT
YET CLEAR
IN ISLANDS
CALIFORNIA
SELLS FAIR
EXHIBITS
LONDON, Nov. 26.— Henrik Ibsen, ac
cording xo a dispatch from Stockholm
to the Chronicle, has had several at
tacks of heart trouble. His condition is
dangerous and there , Is little hope of
his " recovery, 'although he ' was ' some
what better on Thursday.
HENRXK IBSEN" STRICKEN"
"WTTH HEART ATTACKS
"WILKESBARRE, Pa., Nov. 23.—
Five masked robbers broke into the
house of aged Mrs. Rose Farley at
Luzerne this morning and in an effort
to find money tortured her and her
granddaughter. Annie. The men
forced an entrance about 3 o'clock,
smashing In the door, using a rail
road tie as a battering ram. Mrs. Far
ley and her granddaughter were in
bed together. Three of the men thrust
revolvers in their faces and threatened
to kill them if they made a noise.
Mrs. Farley was then asked where
she. had her money hidden. She told
them $20 was all she had. They found
it and $1 50 in small change, but they
thought the old woman had more and
held matches to her bare feet until the
grandchild, in an effort , to save her
grandmother ¦ from further torture, de
clared she knew where the money was
hidden.
She hoped to lead the robbers into
the yard, escape from them and arouse
the neighbors. But they kept so close
about her she could not get away. The
girl told them to dig at a. certain spot
and they dug for some time. Then they
decided that . she was deceiving them.
She was taken back to the house,
bound hand - and foot, kicked and
braised and thrown into a corner.
The robbers in a last effort to induce
Mrs. Farley to tell them about the hid
den money started to fire the house.
They ignited the lace curtains, but
pulled them down before the flames
spread. They ransackea the house
thoroughly, but found nothing more,
and then departed.
MASKED MEN
TORTURE AN
AGED WOMAN
¦Th« American Federation of Labor
decided yesterday that It Is inexpedient
to attempt at this time to bring the
labor organizations cf the city and
county cf San Francisco together in
one organization. A commute reported
against the plan and indicated therein
that it had experienced a rather lively
time while listening to the members of
the organizations who had attended the
deliberations of the committee as wit
nesses. There 13 no donbt that thi3 i3
the truth. The convention adopted the
committee's report, and so disposed of
the proposition for the present year.
Much to the astonishment cf many,
there ,was no debate on the report. Not
one man in the convention cared to say
a word or did say a word about the
merits of the case.
Officials of local labor organizations
who have been conspicuously extending
the glad hand to delegates dorlnj- the
last few days of the convention were In
evidence in Lyric Hall when the report
was submitted late yesterday after
noon. They watched and listened, but
affected no surprise at what took place.
The committee to report consisted of
Frank Duffy. James Wood and James
1L Lynch. Their report in fall is as foU
lows: '%"**,¦'«
Tonr committee, appclnt^d by Pr*std*nt
Gompers. tn conformity with th» re<iu*st cf
the organisation committee, to whom was re
ferred that part of the executtre ccunctrs)
report dealing with the San Fraaclsco situa
tion, begs leave to report as fallows:
\Ve Had «**« the report cf the executive
council In this matter is correct in every
respect - Three councils of Ubor exist and
carry on and transact business in thetr own
indtrMual way. Irrespective of ens another.
The tires councils ar* kno-wa as tit* Saa
Francisco Labor Cciacil. th* Drilling Trad**
Council, and tS* Cliy Frost Federation.
Representatives cf all tire* eoeseUs «;>
pear?d befara us and jresentad their Krter
ances aad objections, laws aarit proposed Uwj.
Documentary testimony »*» * !so «obtaltte<t
tn substantiation of statement* made orally.
all of which received our ncsf care'al con
sideration.
Froa the teosper displayed and the determi
nation •hewn neither to glr* nar taie. w«
are of the opinion that It would net fc»
conducive to the best Interests of the organ
ized wage workers in San Francisco, ncr *
wise act en the part cf Cie American Fed
eration of Labor, to attempt at this time to
fcrias about the centralization of tha Ubor
onions cf this city Into cne Bcdy.
We deplore the fact that In San Francisco,
where the unions have dene so much to mt:«
our stay asionsr them pleaaant an.I agreeable,
where hospitality has teen oJTered us oa
every occasion possible, and w£er* friend
ship- and brotherly tore have been extended t»
us liberally and fraely.' the labcr forces should
be *o divided, and that they^ ahould so stub
bornly and steadfastly resist any attempt to
tries them tosather
¦Wfclla our ici » Iaes have been «£sr*4 tn a
Lieutenant Granville A. Fortescue
fought an impromptu one-round go
with a hackman while he was In this
city on his return from the Orient a
month ago. The President's nephew
would have won first money in the en
counter had not Policeman Handley
Interfered and arrested him. Six
hours in the City Prison took most of
the valor out of the pugnacious lieu
tenant.
The entanglement occurred In front of
the Techau Tavern. Fortescue was
celebrating his return in the tavern,
but he became so noisy that he had to
be requested to leave. Outside he quar
reled with S. G. Lowenberg, a hackman,
and handed him several stiff punches
before the policeman could interfere.
All the details of the battle are not
available, but it is known that the next
round was fast, the President carefully
watching his adversary. Finally the
President "got to him." He sent a
couple of hot blows to the lieutenant's
head and cut loose with another one.
It was all over for the ' lieutenant.
Whether he was entirely knocked out
and unconscious cannot be learned, but
it Is a fact that the mill ended with a
good hard blow the President landed
on Fortescue's jaw. Lieutenant Fortes
cue showed marks of punishment next
day, but they were slight, not painful
nor serious.
WASHINGTON. Nov. S.— President
Roosevelt and his cousin by marriage.
Lieutenant Granville R. Fortescue, U.
S. A., rut en the gloves at the White
House last Wednesday, and before they
through Fortescue was lying on the
rloor. President Roosevelt's fancy has
again turned to thoughts of boxing. It
is more vigorous than anything else,
and he rejoices in a stiff three rounds
•with five-ounce gloves.
Lieutenant Fortescue was a corporal
In the Rough Riders, is a young gentle
man cf high spirits and good physique,
about the President's height and reach,
but considerably lighter and quicker on
his feet. He belongs to the Tenth Cav
alry, but is on *~>ecial duty at the
"White House. He recently returned
from a trip to the Far East. He
coached the President so thoroughly on
Japan that Prince Fushimi, the adopt
ed brother of the Mikado, was amazed
and gratified at the President's knowl
edge of the empire.
When the President and Lieutenant
Fcrtescue squared off the younger man
rtarted to cut out a hot pace. His leads
were swiJt and straight and sometimes
effective, but the President, doggedly
standing his ground against the lieu
tenant's rushes, sent in heavy counters.
They mixed it up all over the room and
womifl up the first round In a slap-bang
fashion. The honors were with the Pres
ident.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Victor in a Friendly /Will
ROOSEVELT AN EXPERT
WITH THE GLOVES
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 25.— After
traversing Pennsylvania, West Virgin
ia, Ohio and Indiana, President Roose
velt is speeding across Illinois toward
St. Louis, where for two days he and
his party will be the guests of the of
ficers of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position. During the ride from Wash
ington to Indianapolis the President
was received everywhere with enthu
siasm. Since daylight to-day every sta
tion, through which the special passed
was. thronged with people anxious to
catch a glimpse of the President. Stops
were made only at given stations and
at some of them hundreds had gath
ered to greet the President and show
their kindly feeling for him.
Both to the members of his party on
this train and to the people President
Roosevelt expressed the sincere pleas
ure he feels in thus coming: into close
touch with those whom he likes to re
gard as his friends.
ADDRESS AT PITTSBURG.
The President thoroughly enjoyed the
rest he had to-day, which was spent
chiefly In reading and in chatting with
Mrs. Roosevelt. At nearly every sta
tion where the train slowed up the
President appeared on the rear plat
form of his car and bowed acknowl
edgment to the cheerings of the peo
ple. At Plttsburg, where the train
stopped for a few minutes, the station
was thronged, but only a fraction of
the crowd was permitted on the plat
form near the train. To them the
President expressed his pleasure at the
opportunity afforded him to see them
and added, "You may depend on it, I
will do all that in me lies to show you
that you made no mistake on Novem
ber 8."
T.Tiile the train ran through Pitts
burg President Roosevelt remained on
the rear platform of his car, bowing
and waving his hat to the people. The
windows of factories and shops along
the line were filled with faces of work
men, who cheered and waved hats.
At Steubenville, Ohio, the station plat
form was banked with men, women
and children, most of whom -waved
A'merican flags.
PRESENTED WITH A COON.
A live coon was presented to the
President at Dennlson, where the spe
cial stopped for a few minutes. After
the President had greeted the people, a
man swung the coon over the railing
of the car platform and shouted:
"Take him; he will bring you good
luck."
When the President laughed and
shook his head deprecatlngly, the man
again shouted: "You must take him.
I am a life-long Democrat and I wish
you good luck."
Attached to the chain around the an
imal's neck was a card bearing this
Inscription:
"Compliments of Tuscarawas Coun
ty, Ohio. Plurallty^for Roosevelt 2224.
Presented by P. O. Strope, Dennison,
Ohio." ..::;-
The coon will be taken to Washing
ton and placed in the national zoologi
cal park.
When the train pulled into the sta
tion at Columbus, the President's car
was surrounded by an immense crowd.
The President was cheered heartily as
he stepped on the platform. He said:
"I want to say what a pleasure it is
to me to be traveling through your
great State and perhaps you will par
don me for saying it, but I enjoyed
even more what you did November 8."
PLEASED WITH INDIANA.
Governor Herrick and", Mayor Jeffries
entered the car and formally extended
to the President the greetings of the
people of the State. A woman in the
crowd handed a member of the party
a bunch of American beauty roses for
Mrs. Roosevelt.
The President •¦briefly addressed ¦ an
enthusiastic crowd in the station at
Richmond. Ind. .When he appeared on
Hurried Through the States to Make
Hi3 Flying Visit to the
World's Fair.
Executive Speaks From Car,
Thanking. People lor
Their Support
Great Crowds Greet
Presidential
1 Fain,
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— Not for all
the peers in England will this Govern
ment surrender the name of American.
Sir Edward Clarke at the Thanksgiv
ing dinner c* the American Society in
London decided Joseph H. Choate's
title "American" Embassador. He de
clared It was aa assumption cf domi
nation ci the entire Western Hemis- '
phere fcr tie United States to call it
eelf America, when in fact it possesses
less territory in North America than
does England. As a more appropriate
rame he suggested ••Usonia."
Officials here snap their fingers at Sir
Edward Clarke's suggestion. They will
have none of it. It is not the first
time that British distaste for the use
cf the name America by this Govern
ment has been heard. When Secretary
Hay, several months ago, instructed all
rr.errbers cf the diplomatic service to
term themselves "The American En
hz.ssz.ior" or "The American Minister"
Instead of "United States Embassa
dor," etc., much comment was occa
sioned thereby.
Bat the right of the use of the name
is undeniable according to officials
here. It is pointed out that the name
adopted by the colonies In their con
stitution was the "United States of
America." Canada is known as the Do
minion of Canada. The full name of
Mexico is the United States of Mexico;
of Colombia, the United States of Co
lombia; of Venezuela, the United
States of Venezuela. These countries
call themselves respectfully Mexico.
Colombia and Venezuela. The respec
tive adjectives are Mexican, Colombian
and Venezuelan.
The name of this country Is only
contained in the word "America," and
the exercise cf its use is considered
unassailable and in no need of defense,
no matter what criticism is uttered.
•¦Usona" is made up of the first letter
of the words in the phrase
"United States of North Ameri
ca." The name of this country is not
the United States of North America. It
is the United States of America. Be
sides "Usona" is considered a catch
penny affair and too much like & pat
ent medicine cryptogram.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROOSEVELT'S
TRIP A TOUR
OF TRIUMPH
Nation's Right to Use
of Title Requires
T\T r\ MDTDnCQ
THE American Federation
of Labor convention, in
twenty- fourth annual ses
sion in this city, which
will dose its deliberations to
day, after electing officers for
the year, has accomplished
principally the following busi
ness:
It has Toted not to proceed to
organize the San Francisco la
bor bodies into one organiza
tion. t f
It has winked at the disobe
dience of the Chicago Federa
tion of Labor, seated its dele
gate and voted to give it thirty
days of probation.
At every possible opportunity
the purposes of the socialists in
the convention have been
thwarted.
A resolution has been adopt
ed pledging the federation to
move for the exclusion of the
Japanese from the United
States.
The brewery workers have
been given a sharp rebuke and
drastic orders relating to them
have been made mandatory
upon the executive council.
- A welcome band has , been
held out to the Western Feder
ation of Miners and it has been
openly announced that the min
er* will be received in the
American Federation.
The structural iron workers
have triumphed over the boiler
makers.
Affiliated delegates from
Great Britain, Canada and Por
to Rico have been assured that
federation*^ is desired in all
lands.
Differences between conflict
ing union- based on claims that
each was entitled to do the
same work have been consid
ered and adjusted.
The recommendations of
President Gompers in his an
nual report have been reduced
to resolutions and adopted.
An assessment has been levied
on union members. In aid of the
striking textile workers in the
mills" "of Fan Kiver. .lla^J^..:
A proposition »to make 'the
monthly assessment, of every
member of the American Fed
eration IO14 cents for the aug
mentation of the defense fund
to be used during strikes has
been rejected.
Many additions to the list of
business bouses in various parts
or the United States declared to
be "unfair** have been made.
A motion to reject advertise
ments for the official or^an of
the American Federation from
non-unionized department stores
has been disapproved.
CONVENTION WORK
EMBRACES VARIETY
OF DELIBERATION
THE THEATZ33.
AI.CAZAB— ~Tts« Village Fcata»«ter.~
CALIFORNIA — 'The Rasawaym."
CENTRAL — "Qneen of thm Vmita
Slaves."
COLUMBIA— "Her Owa "Way.**
CHUTES— YandevUle.
FISCHEB'S— Vaudeville.
GRANlv— The Show Girl.
MAJESTIC — *Tbe Tacstas of Helea."
ORPHSL'M- Vaaderffie.
TTVOLI— "Lucia." Matirya *t a3
; Theaters.
. THE WEATHER.
Forecast n&d* at Saa Francisco for
thirty hours en-iicr ml<lnl«bt. Nwrem
ber-TtJ. 1304:
San Francisco aad vidcity — Cloudy.
unsettled -weather Saturday, possibly
¦howera; fresh aoctheast winds.
A. G. MeADIE; District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 179.
CRITICISM OF BRITISH
PEER AMUSES OFFICIALS
The San Francisco Call.Dent H. Robert, managing editor of
the Examiner, was arrested last night
on a charge of misdemeanor libel pre
ferred against him by Dr. Washington
Dodge, Assessor of the city and county.
Dodge alleges that certain false, scan
dalous and malicious libel was. com
mitted by reason of an article that ap
peared in the Examiner of November
24, and that said article tended to im
peach his honesty, Integrity, virtue and
reputation. The objectionable story is
to the effect that Dodge while a mem
ber of the Monticello Club failed to
assess its property. It further • states
that when Gavin McNab retired frortj
the club, one year ago, Dodge placed an
assessment of $500 on the club's be
longings. The warrant was Issued by
Police Judge Fritz and Robert was re
leased on bail in the sum of $25.
Editor Kobeit Arrested.
Island Japs Attack Police.
HONOLULU, Nov. 19.— Gangs of Jap
anese at Ewa, on this island, and lla
kaweii, Island of Kauai, attacked the
poiice who raided their gambling
games last week. At both places the
arresting officers were temporarily
overpowered and serious trouble was
threatened. When the police -were re
inforced a large number of arrests
were made.
Money talks, but the phonogrraph
also speaks for itself.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding: or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money If PA2O OINT
MENT falls to cure you in 6 to 14 days. 50c*
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Miner Beaten and Robbed.
Frederick Lowery, a miner from
Calaveras County, was held up and
beaten by two men in Brook place
last night. A gold watch valued at
$50 was taken from him. He waa
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital in a semi-conscious condition,
where he was treated for a wound on
the head. Lowery Is unable to .de
scribe his assailants.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money It It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c*
A reception to the officers and dele
gates of the American Federation of
Labor was held last evening at the
South Park Settlement. A num
ber of invitations were extended, and
the affair was a social one. At 6
o'clock about fifty of the officers and
delegates assembled in the settlement
home and they were met by a num
ber of professors of' the State Univer
sity and by many prominent local
citizens. The reception was informal.
There was no programme and .the
members of the party entertained
themselves by various discussions on
labor subjects and a very enjoyable
evening was spent. Miss Lucile Eaves,
head resident of the settlement, man
aged the reception and afforded every
possible pleasure for the guests.
Spend Social Evening.
And success to the new born Pacific
Coast Branch of the American Histori
cal Association! Long may it live and
may its dues be planked up promptly!
The sessions are open to interested
people, who— the gods be thanked— are
growing in numbers and in degrees of
enthusiasm out here on the Western
borders.
To-day at 10 o'clock the convention
will convene at the lecture hall at Me
chanics' Institute,' continuing until 12;
at 1 luncheon will be served at the Oc
cidental Hotel and at 3 the session re
sumed.
Behold the Pacific Coast branch of
the American' Historical Association,
a lusty youngster!— and in spite of the
ponderous patronymic it is doomed to
bear. How things do grow in California
when seeded in proper soil, be they
pumpkins or historical associations!
In April last a few Stanford men —
Professors Max Farrand, E. D. Adams,
J. J. Dunwoody and others, with a
group of -Berkeley folk— led by H.
Morse Stephens, gathered in sympa
thetic conference to discuss the possi
bility of founding, out here on these
worthy western shores, a branch of the
American Historical Association that
has nourished these many years on the
Atlantic shores.
Last night's gathering in the art gal
lery of Mechanics' Pavilion was the
living thing that resulted, and there
were about 500 units in that interested
and interesting living thing— the Paci
fic Coast Branch, whose objects'* are
to encourage Pacific Coast history, as
sist In preserving landmarks of Cali
fornia history and assist the parent
body in its various undertakings.
James D. Phelan, in the absence of
Rudolph J. Taussig, served as chair
man, likewise delivering a thoughtful
address upon "The Importance of San
Francisco History." Dr. Benjamin Ifie
Wheeler had some pertinent things to
say about "History in the University."
Frank J. Symmes, president of the Mer
chants' Association, followed in a talk,
"History From a Banker's Point of
view"; Nathan Abbott, professor of law
of Stanford, upon "Statutes and Their
Relation to History"; Professor H.
Morse Stephens, upon "The American
Historical Association and the Pacific
Coast Branch." Aj splendid cajoler is
Professor Stephens, as he succeeded in
luring many members into the new
body — likewise their three American
dollars for annual due's.
By Laura Bride Powers.
Continued From Page I. Column 7.
pplrit of trit-adehip and good will, we are
furt-j- to rr-i<«t that we could not bring tlyjut
the desired results. Nevertheless, we are of
ih* opinion that discretion, coupled with gooJ
j.;«!:i CseuSOO sons*, will brlr.e th:- ro-mbers
of org«niztd labor In this clt;- to realii* at no
distant dm* t!ie absolute necessity of combined
»rfort ar.J aciion In one central body. In
oiil^r :hat they may be In a position to met-t
ell oaefsandea as they B!i*<-- and di:flcu!tle«
a« $fc.\% occur. Till* 1« the only methuU in
vhiUi the Interest of th% wage workers van be
besf ecr\ed and protected.
JAMES M. LYNCH.
JAMES WOOD.
FRANK ULKKV.
BREWERY WORKERS' WGUT.
While 1 his part of the proceedings
passed off without excitement or stir,
tht-re was no lack of hot discussion on
the convention floor all the forenoon
arid a good part of the afternoon. The
quarrels of the men who are employed
in and about breweries consumed the
avtention of the convention for sev
eral hours. The forenoon session was
extended to get in all the talk, but
that expedient proved to be fruitless.
Accusations and denials followed
one another closely and hostilities
were clearly denned. When the con
vention resumed work yesterday
morning there was before it a long
report, previously published in full in
this paper, but here given in epitome
that the full transaction of yesterday
may be entirely comprehended.
The report embraced recommenda
tions to the effect that all brewery
employes, now members of the United
Brewery Workmen's Union, may re
main such, provided that such mem
bcrt; of the union .as are now employed
as engineers, firemen or teamsters
may withdraw and join their respec
tive unions without prejudice or dis
crimination on the part of their for
mer associates; that all engineers,
ntemen and teamsters employed in
breweries shall conform to the laws
xrade by the organization of which
the majority of the members of the re
¦pectlve crafts employed in the brew
ery are members; the United Brewery
Workmen's Union shall not hereafter
admit to membership any engineer,
fiieman or teamster, but shall refer all
ajplicanis who are members of these
trades to the respective organizations
o: these trades now affiliated with the
American Federation of Labor, where
such organizations exist; that failure
to comply with these and other pro
visions shall work a revocation of
charter in six months.
After a long, bitter fight the con
vention adopted this report just as it
¦was submitted. An attempt was made
to strike out that part of the recom
mendations in the committee report
prohibiting the admission of engineers,
firemen and teamsters to the Brewery
"Workmen's Union, but the convention
voted the motion down strongly.
ADDS TO TIIK FIRE.
In fact more anger was stirred in
the minds of the brewery workmen
by the adoption of the following that
was submitted by James A. Lavery.
formerly president of the Working
men's Federation of the State of New
York, one of the bright speakers of
the convention:
add to provision 6 «of the committee'* report)
that the executive council is hereby Instructed
to execute this mandate:
That the fnltM Brewery Workmen be com.
ptlled to withdraw those engineer* and tire
irten who have taken the r'»<"** of the striking
engineer* and fireirwn in the cities of St. Louis- ,
Mo., and . Beilevilit. III.; and. furthermore.
that the L'nited Brewery Workers be requested
to trithdriw all injunction #ults now pendlnr
and to di*sclve such Injunction* a* have been
secured apainM. the affiliated union* of the
American Federation of Labor.
Before the matter was finally settled
Mshon. of the street carmen, intro
duced the following which was lost on
vote:
Be It resolved. That the incoming executive
council U hereby ir.Mrm.ted to carry out the
rulingt of this convention and the laws of tbia
organlration. and to »u»pend and revoke the
charter of any organization violating the rules
cf tnis covtntlon and the lawa ut the Ameri
can Federation of Labor.
When th* charter of an organization has
been revoked. tl;c officer? fhall at once notify
¦ II central and affiliated bodies of the Fame.
Thry «hall further Instruct all organizers to
Ijroceed at ence to n-oresnize fuch member*
of the *aid rusp^nd'-d national or-internatlunal
union* at are loyal to the American Federa
tion of Labor and charter them direct from
the American FVdf-ratlon of Labor until a euf
flcient number have been chartered to nub
llsh a national or international union.
Tfcen the president of the American Federa
tion of Labor shall call a convention of the
to chartered locals BDd proceed to organize
a national or International union of that craft
that will abide by and conform to the iaws
ol the American Federation of Labor
THREATS ARE MADE.
During the long fight there were in
timations by members of the Brewery
Workmen'? organization that secession
might follow action against them. For
inRtance. Delegate Priestersbach said:
I believe this American F«-d<Tation of*Labor
oversteps It* boundary when it undertakes to
dictate to any organization posseting its
proper autonomy, which Is guaranteed by the
constitution of the American Federation of
Labor, no matter what name or calling it mav
have. You have no more right to dictate the
membership in one than In another. To co
and turn over *11 applicants, whether th*-y a>«
acceptable to the brewery workers or not In
not right. That would give the teamstere the
THROWS ROCK,
KILLS PLAYMATE
Eight-Year-Old Boy Struck
by Missile, Cast by Compan
ion, Dies From the Injury
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Representatives From .Wales Are
Guests of the Cymrodorion Society.
? rtception was tendered William
SPOKANE, Nov. 25.— James. Shan
non, an eight-year-old boy, died at mid
night from an Injury received in; the
afternoon while playing with school
mates. According to his companions,
young Shannon picked up a handful of
marbles and started to run, when Hen
ry Coons threw a stone at the smaller
boy, hittinghim on the. left temple.
Shannon fell to the ground,' but soon
got up - and staggered to • his • home,
where he died a few hours later. . -
The Coons boy denies hitting Shan
non, and says . the boy '•, stumbled and
.fell, ; but other lads aver the thrown
rock hit the fleeing boy > on. the temple.
First Meeting of Pacific
Coast Branch of American
Association. Goes With Zip
After exchanging a few pleasantries
with the people and bidding them good
night, the President retired to his
stateroom amid tremendous cheering.
The crowd remained at the station and
cheered the train until it had disap
peared.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Nov. 2».— The
special train bearing President Roose
velt and party arrived here at 10:03
p. m.
"Not a thing," answered the Presi
dent, "and I want to tell you that therfe
are a lot of other good ones."
Leaning over the rail, the President
asked, "What's the matter with Mis
souri?"
Deafening cheers greeted the ques
tion. .
The special train arrived at the sta
tion at Indianapolis at S o'clock and
remained for ten minutes. President
Roosevelt stood on the platform of the
car bowing to the people. "When the
applause had subsided the President
expressed his pleasure at being able to
visit Indiana.
"I have always thought a great deal
of Indiana, and I now have reason to
think more of her than ever. I thank
you .all for coming out to see me here,
and I assure you that I appreciate it."
"What's the matter with Ohio?" yell
ed some one in the crowd.
1 "I -want to say what a pleasure it Is
to be here. It has been some time since
I was in Richmond, but I always cher
ish the warmest memories of my visit
to your beautiful city. You must al
low-rae to say that, naturally, I am
¦very much pleased to be going through
Indiana in view of the way it looked
at me a couple of weelis ago. Now,
gentlemen, the election fs over. I am
President of all the country — of all
Americans of whatever party, and so
far as strength is given me I shall try
to be a good and decent President for
the next four veers."
MISSOURI IS ALIi RIGHT.
the car platform he glanced toward "the
end of the station, where people still
were hurrying toward the car.
"Wait until all get here," he re
marked.
MEN OF LETTERS
MEET AND TALK
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S TRIP.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
President Samuel Gompers, accom
panied by Max Morris. W. D. Mahon,
II. W. Sherman, Henry Ketter, J. C.
Shannessy, David Kreyling and other
Eastern luminaries of the convention,
paid a visit to the San Francisco La
bor Council last night. In a fifteen
minute speech he covered the aims
and objects of the labor movement.
After disposing of this theme he
branched out on the San Francisco
labor organizations and regetted that
the labor bodies in this city are not
as united as they should be.
He dwelt on the existence of the
Labor Council as being the principal
center body representing all that is
good and great in the labor move
ment. This body, or one similar to it,
should in his opinion, have affiliated
with it all other labor organizations
in the city. The division whtfh. now
exists between the Labor Council the
Building Trades Council and the City
Front Federation is a source of great
grief to him and to all lovers of har
mony in the ranks of unionized labor.
He saw no hope of a reconciliation be
tween these contending elements, all
weakened because they are not in
unity. He paid a high compliment to
the hospitality of the people of Cali
fornia.
He Expresses Regret That Organiza
tions in San Francisco Are Not
United.
GOMPERS VISITS LABOR COUNCIL
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— J. Morgan
Smith, the brother-in-law of "Nan"
Patterson and the man who is said to
have" purchased the revolver with which
Caesar Young, the bookmaker, was
killed, was arrested to-day shortly be
ford noon in West Nyack, N.,Y., by De
tective Sergeant Judge of the central
office staff. Smith is now locked up in
a cell in police headquarters.
Smith is the witness for whom the
District Attorney and the police have
been hunting ever since the criminal
authorities decided to prosecute "Nan",
Patterson on the charge of having mur
dered Young while riding downtown
with him In a cab on they morning of
June 4 last.
Smith disappeared at the time the
Coroner's inquest into the death of the
bookmaker was. going on. He was re
garded by the prosecution as its most
important witness, and extraordinary
efforts .were made to find him. No trace
of the man was found until three days
ago, when a clew was discovered by
the central office men who were en
gaged In the search.
In the opinion of the lawyers defend
ing "Nan" Patterson the District Attor
ney will be unable tg prove a case suf
ficiently strong against their client to
warrant Judge Davis in submitting the
matter to the jury's consideration.
They have hopes that it will be un
necessary for any defense to be offered.
This opinion, however, is not held by
other members of the criminal bar who
have followed closely the testimony
that has been given thus far.
One of her lawyers said to-day that
if any testimony Is to be submitted by
the defense "Nan" Patterson would be
placed on the stand to tell ; her own
story of exactly what took place be
tween herself and Caesar Young while
they were occupants of the hansom In
which Young was shot. He said fur
ther that testimony would be given
which would show that It was not the
Patterson girl's brother-in-law, J. Mor
gan Smith, .who purchased the revolver
at . Hy man 'Stern's pawnshop in Sixth
avenue the day before the shooting.
Rand does not believe_that "Nan"
Patterson will be permitted to take the
witness stand to undergo a cross-exam
ination that would be merciless! When
the trial is resumed Rand will offer tes
timony to establish the motive that he
holds caused the shooting.
"Nan" Patterson had an uneventful
day In the Tombs to-day. Her father
and her lawyer were her only visitors.
She daily receives letters. Two in her
mail yesterday bcrre offers of farmers
to marry her. - .
A new and important witness, whose
identity thus far has been carefully
concealed, will be brought forward by
the prosecution, according to a story
which gained circulation to-day. Be
yond the statement that the witness
is a woman, that she is young and
that she was well acquainted with both
Young and the woman now on trial, the
report was Indefinite. Of the nature of
the disclosure which the witness is ex
pected to make nothing could be
learned. That the testimony is con
dered of great importance by the pros
ecution, however, seems apparent.
According to the report the woman is
consta-ntly under the guard of detec
tives. The calling of this mysterious
woman to the witness chair is said to
be only one of the many startling fea
tures • of Assistant District Attorney
Rand's case.
Almost of the same importance to
the strength of his chain of evidence
are several documents he has obtained
possession of since Miss Patterson has
been a prisoner in the Tombs. It has
been claimed since the arrest of the
young woman that the prosecutor had
secured possession of letters which, it
is alleged, show that the defendant
made threat against the life of Young,
but the documents, which it is said
will be produced as a complete sur
prise, are of a different character. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Is ,Brother-in-Law of the
Actress and Is Accused
of Purchasing Pistol With
Which Young Was Killed
LOCATED IN WEST
NYACK, -NEW YORK
Mr. Wignall, who for the past seven
years has been a member of the board
of education in Swansea, said that he
was astonished to find the public
schools , here far behind those of
Wales. Pupils are herded in bare
walled classrooms and the impression
given is that the schools are being
starved for want of money.
Mr. Abraham's address was more
along labor lines. He said that, the
condition of the workingmen in Wales,
thanks to organization, is such that
were he a miner seeking employment
he would not come to the United
States. It is true, he says, that the
workingmen here receive more in
actual cash, but the purchasing power
is not so great. He also expressed
himself as opposed to the teaching of
religion in the day schools. He deem
ed the church and Sunday school the
proper place for the teaching of re
ligion, and said a labor leader who
was not connected with a Sunday
school w r as not worth his salt.
Abraham, M. P., familiarly known as
"Mabon," and James Wignall, the two
fraternal delegates from Wales to the
Federation of Labor Convention, by
the Cymrodorion Society in Academy
of Sciences Hall last night. The hall
was filled and an excellent programme,
much of it in the Welsh tongue, was
rendered. Reese P. Daniels, president
of the club, acted as chairman and
among the speakers were Rev. Samuel
Slocombe, Rev. John Rhys Evans and
Rev. David J. Evans. A piano solo
was rendered by Miss Annie Jones,
and vocal solos were given by David
Manlloyd and Gomer Richards. The
speakers of the evening, of course,
were the two guests of honor.
RECEPTIOXTO DELEGATES.
Delegate Mahon objected to the plan
an giving the central labor unions too
much power In their Jurisdictions. Del
egates Driscoll and Wilson argued in
favor of the amendment. The recom
mendation of the law committee was
finally concurred in by a majority vote.
This concluded the report of the law
committee, which was accepted as a
whole and the committee was then dis
charged. Following the report of the
committee an adjournment was had
until 9 o'clock this morning.
Matters -relating to tne longshoremen
will be made a special order this morn-
Ing. This afternoon the annual elec
tion of officers of the American Fed
eration will take place. The conven
tion will close to-day. . • .
' A resolution directing that all affili
ated national and international unions
compel their local unions to join the
central -labor, bodies and State federa
tions In the vjclnity In which they ex
ist was amended by the laws com
mittee.-,The amendment provided that
the' union might have representatives
in the central labor toodles and State
federations, but that those organiza
tions would not be allowed to send spe
cial delegates to the conventions of the
Federation of Labor as representing the
several unions.
Delegate Brown of Seattle deplored
the fact that the Socialists were re
ferred to by President Gompers during
th" afternoon session as opponents.
Brown was interrupted frequently In
his preliminary remarks by loud talking
and "joshing" despite the efforts of
Gcmpers to maintain quiet. Brown
finally appealed- to -the delegates - to
maintain quiet and give him a fair
hearing.
Delegate Ramsey argued in favor of
supporting the, recommendation of the
law committee, that the legislative
committees should not be abolished,
and said that tie hoped the time would
come when every State capital and
every city Vould have representative
labor men watching .the legislative pro
ceedings. The report or t&e committee
was sustained. " ' ..
A resolution directing that- no dele
gate holding a political 'position shall
be seated on the floor of the convention
was not ratified by the law committee
and the resolution was rejected ; by the
convention.
At the evening meeting the law com
mittee continued Its report on a resolu
tion to abolish the legislative commit
tees.
"The inconsistency of union labor's
opponents," said Gompers, "both in
and out of the federation, is shown
by the fact that in one breath they
ask the abolition of the legislative
committee and then ask Congress to
pension aged laboring men.
"I deny that the labor movement is
against political action, but it is
against transforming itself into a po
litical machine."
AX EVENING SESSION.
Delegate Barnes objected to having
his remarks called a sneering tirade,
to which Gompers replied that the ac
tions of many delegates are different
when they are out of the convention
than when they are in.
•"The reports of the hearings before
Congress are published and I chal
lenge any man to produce any remark
or action that was not a bold assertion
of labor's rights or was cringing or a
demeaning of the character of dig
nity."
Delegate Iglesias of Porto Rico ad
dressed the convention on the sub
ject of conditions in Porto Rico. He
asserted that the people are worse off
than they were before the American
occupation of the country: that wages
are lower and that starvation is con
tinually destroying the people.
Yesterday afternoon the Socialists
took another chance in the conven
tion. Barnes, in a Socialistic speech,
spoke of lobbies and urged that the
labor men rely on economic organlza-.
tion.
Treasurer Lennon took the chair
while President Gompers made reply.
He spoke of the effect that the legis
lative committee had in preventing in
iquitous legislation. He added that
sneering tirades against legislative
committees and officers of the Amer
ican Federation of Labor should
cease.
PORTO RICAX SPEAKS.
Delegates Archie Grant, Buchanan,
Kemper, Ward, Greenlaw. Lewis,
Warner. Sharnp. Henry Ketter. Dris
coll. Porter, Jacoby and others took
part in the proceedings, on one side
or the other.
Lavary, speaking on the other side
of the house and regarding injunc
tions and the general attitude of -the
brewery workmen said in part:
It !s not a question of sympathy, and cer
tainly ought not to be one of expediency, but
to my mind it is a question of oppression o:i
the part of th» brewery workers. The creatura
la not sreater than ltc creator, nor ore the
brewery workers paramount to the American
Federation of Labor. We have always been
opposed to the principle of injunction. The
subordinate body should always recognize the
bod— to this case In Us opposition to In
junction. If the brewery workers approve of
the continuance of the injunction it is an
attempt to assert the impotency of the fed.
eration. It attempts to attribute uselessncss
to it; it proclaim* defiance to Its principles
and almost invites rebellion within its ranks
if it does not welcome disorder and secession.
We cannot be so glaringly Inconsistent as
to approve of their injunction tactics and
thereby destroy all discipline in the American
Icbor movement. The outride world is watch
ing with great interest the decision of this
ouesttor. and the approval of the injunction
would mean the beginning of the end of the
greatest organization In the industrial world's
history. Disapproval of their injunction tac
tic* simply means respect for law and dis
cipline.
right to put. somebody Into our organization
that »"• don't deFire. for we would get an ele
ment into cur organization that xve coul'l not
perhaps trust nnd we want all to work in
hermony in our organization. But, instpad of
bringing harmony, such action as that con
templated by the American Federation of
L,\bor at the present time would disharmoniie
everything in the brewery workers' organiza
tion and also in the teamsters, engineers and
firemen. This Is what 1 want to say In sup
port 01 the amendment to this recoinmeniift
ti< n. I hope that eavh and every delegate
se<-s the risht and justice In the claim that
the Ameilcan federation thou'.d not have the
power to go Into the autonomy of any or
ganization, which is guaranteed to It by the
cherter and the constitution. I don't think
there is any organization that v.ould stanJ
lor anv such t):inc, much less the brewe.y
workers— 1 will toll you that much.
J. 3Iorgan Smith Eun Down
by Prosecution in the Nan
Patterson Case. After a
Search of Many Months
Little Hope of Reconciling Differences
UNION ROWS ANNOY
SAMUEL GOMPERS,
WHO WANTS PEACE
IMPORTANT
WITNESS IS
ARRESTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
DEBARRED : FOR ' DISEASE. — Thirty Jap
anese and four Chinese passengers arriving by
the steamship Korea were denied a landing
yesterday by the Immigrant * authorities be
cause . the passengers were . afflicted - with tra -
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh
V
Invites Consumption
It weakens the delicate lung tissues,
.deranges the digestive organs and
breaks down the general health. »,
It often causes headache and dizzi-
ness, impairs the taste, smell and
hearing and affects the voice.
'¦¦:'¦ Being a constitutional disease it re- ]
quires a'constitutional remedy.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Radically and permanently cures ca-
tarrh of the nose, throat, stomach,
bowels and more delicate . organs and
builds up ; the whole system.
No substitute for Hood's acts like
Hood's. Be sure to get Hood's.
L Testimonials .of remarkable cures
mailed on request C. I.' HOOD CO.,
Lowell. Masa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Home Cures for Drunk-
enness Mot Cure.
Every day I am in receipt of dozens
of letters from people from out of
town who have heard of my famous
cure for the drink habit and who
write to know if I cannot send it by
mail — if they cannot be cured at home.
I answer No.
The reason is simple. Excessive
drinking affects no two men alike;
neither are two men ever in exactly
the same- physical condition. Then,
again, complications arise from drink-
ing. Every case needs and must have
individual treatment — no two cases
are alike.
Every man who comes to any of my
offices receives the personal attention
of the highest skilled^ physician and
my cure is administered to suit such
case after thorough examination.
If you really want a cure that cures
come to me. I can't send my cure.
Call or write.
DR. J. J. McKANNA,
14 GEARY STREET,
SAX FRAXCISCO, CAL,
Phone Main 1037.'
i OAnTCD ' g | CUKE SICK HEADACHE.
uAKItKo . . , .
¦9jhTTt.E Genuine Must Bear.
pjlVER Fac-Simile Signature
I PILLS. -•-»>* >
U. S. BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL., ENGLAND. OX THE 3 1ST
clay of Dec-ember. A. D.. 1WXJ. and for tha
year fndln* on that day. a» made to the In-
surance Commissioner cf th» State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of section* 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnisher! by tba Commlsalonor:.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. .$2,174, ifX> 43
Leans on Bonds and Mortgages. . G^i COO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Tompany.. 4,458.153 95
Cash, in Company's Office 3,681 40
Cash In Banks 706.371 13
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans C2.9C3 15
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 739 eg
Premiums in due course of Col-
lectian SS3.222 9T
Renta due and accrued 7,574 23
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 43,299 58
Amount receivable under Perpetual
Policies », 1473 64
Total Assets $8.«34.«32 16
LIABILITIES. — =====
Loeses adjusted and unpaid $53,424 56
Looses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense S17.124 27
Losses resisted. Including expenses 64,253 60
Oross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lets, $3,439,-'
20S !V$; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1.719.601 0«
Gross premium* on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $4,887,-
09S SI; reinsurance pro rata 2,682; 449 4J
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual policies 194,104 S3
Liabilities under the Life Depart*
- ment » 100.5S3 33
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
etc 4S.SU 43
All other Liabilities 2S8.6SS 1»
Total Liabilities .$3..'K0.1l3 89
.^T = -
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flr»
premiums $4,993,735 13
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 83.20T U
Received for Interest aad dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources. ......... 139.17343
Received for Rents............... 03,193 61
Total Incom* $3.240.327 31
EXPENDITURES. r " "
Net amount paid for Fire Los«?s
{Including $550,222 52 losses of '
previous years) *. $2,473,890 84
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 831.083 33
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 303.234 37
Paid for State, National and Local
Tares 1U087W
All other payments and «xpendl-
tures 333.670 37
Total Expenditure* $4.181.004 90
Losses Incurred during the year. .$2,488,531. e*
Risks and Premiums; Fire Rlaka. 1 Premiums.
Net amount ofl t
Risks writt*n! • ' !
during the year. $668,608,923 84 $7,309,711 OS
Net amount of 1
Rlsk» expired
durlcg the year.. 713,006.432 56? 7.01S.137 3O
Net amount In '
force December I
31, 1003 S02.5S3,S33 <Mi 8.328.303 71
E. F. BEDDALL, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and »worn to before me. this 22d
day of January. 10O4.
EDMUND HARVEY. Notary Public
Head Office Assets '.$6fl, 907.331 CO
Fire Premium Income. 1!XC $14,211,701 00
Azents Throughout the World.
Pacific Department:
Royal Building, cor. Pins and Sansoms Sts.
SAX FRAN'CIICO, CAL.
ROLLA V. WATT Manager
JNO. T. FOOARTT, Asat. JT«r.
F. B. KELLAM. Branch Sec'ty.
j^xEvery Woman
/^?^W^«VV\a k Interested aa.l should know -
M™f2LLV\-v\iia afnvit tie wonderf nl
PivAin fej\ ft MARVEL Whirling Spray
VWVSJN'A « SS»'UlTh« new Tulul SyrlMtv. injec-
t^^^r^SLS^L ttonand Surtion. Best— Saf-
fc^>C.Nyr)-j»=Ag>, mi-Mou CouTenient.
.oardnurcl.trorlt. \ /SL _
II he ntnnot supply the 4 V. /3hSy~":T»>/»c
M.1UYKI.. accept no >^j?^t
otner. but wnil stamp for <*;. 1 "<-''''/£\j
Illustrated Nx>k-«»»1»4. It lire* \\ / '-n/Jf
full particulars and rtir("«"tion« In- Kr / /
Tahinbletolarties »!.*KVKI.CaVT&//-V
41 l'ark Itaw, Saw Vorlu ¦
182 N«w Uontaxmary. San Francisco. Cai.
William Hatterota (Ladies" Dept.). 224 Suttar.
Union Drug Co.. 40O Sutter and 100 Stockton.
Onood Brothers. . .7ta and Broadway, CUkUnj
B&idwla Pharmacy ••• H» EIU*
ADVERTISEMENTS. . rr .__
i AlVIV— OTHPP^
The better clas3 of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integnty,
who devote their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best ©f remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually include^
all standard, remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many U2eful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annuallyMo the well informed purchasers of the choi cest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are gla4 to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction. y • ¦
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, hers and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations, in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name— " Syrup of Fig3"— or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious" fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do bo with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians* prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company-
California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class of
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
» ¦ / ADVERTISEMENTS.
W 1
7 HELLER & FRANK f
c'loYhI *e rs
Approaching Winter
IT makm Overcoat* a flC
X tlmelr topic. In ele- >jS,
fjranee of . flnl*b and vg
of lit our "CSP
Clothe* leave nothing jjr
t>Y to be a>»tred : : : : £3
H Snltsi « Iff. OO to S4O.OO. 5
E* Overcoat* fl3 to 950. ~
§ MARKET STREET |
g AND GRANT AVENUE |
¦/TT.,*v.. -^' ¦ ¦„ „¦ ¦ J J. ¦! "/¦ . J 'AM"Japanese Command Good Position, j
HEADQUARTERS OF THE JAP- \
ANESE ARMY. BEFORE PORT AR
THUR, Nov. 23 (via Fusan Nov. 25).—
The -possession of. the-RIhlung and
Kekwan forts enable the Japanese to
place*. a. sufficient force on the north
front of the eastern ridge of forts to
execute a sweeping movement against
the battery, positions on the crest of the
western- ridge of forts and 203 meter
hill, which" as yet they have not cap
turediiSflHBBfliHBBHNRSESHslBl
AUSTRALIA PASSES BILL
MKE THE HARPER ACT
Measure Has to Do With Contracts
Between Shippers and Steam
. ship Companies.
MELBOURNE, Victoria. Nov. 25. —
The Federal Senate to-day passed a
bill on the lines of the Harper act of
the United States. The bill provides
that the clauses In bills of lading re
lieving ship owners from liability for
damages for negligence shall be void
and declares illegal any covenant hav
ing the effect of superseding the courts
of the Commonwealth. The bill is
aimed at the North German Lloyd
Company, which required , that all
claims against the company shall be
made in Germany.
Entire Precincts Are Likely to Be
Thrown Out on the Ground
of Fraud.
DENVER, Nov. 23.— Two more ar
rests on Supreme Court warrants charg
ing contempt were made to-day as an
outgrowth of the legal contest over the
recent election in Denver. Thomas
Culph and Frank McMahan, Demo
cratic election Judges, were brought be
fore the court by a special officer and
released on bonds of 51000 each.
The court also granted a committee
of Republicans permission to copy the
names from the poll books of the elec
tion, and they will begin a canvass of
the city for the purpose of ascertaining
the extent of the fraud they charge
was committed on election day. Certain
proposed contests will dei>end upon the
results accomplished. The attorneys for
the Republican City and County Com
mittee also filed a brief in support of
their request to have the ballots from
Precinct Seven of "Ward Eight thrown
out on the ground that a number of
straight Democratic ballots were sub
stituted for Republican ballots after
the bos was opened at the closing of
the Dolls. The Republicans contend
that the court has power, to .take the
course asked. If successful in their con
tention the Republicans, It Is rumored,
will come before the court with a plea
to have entire precincts in other wards
thrown out.
The court set Wednesday, November
20, as the day for hearing arguments
on the aDDlication
Murderer Put to Death.
BIRMINGHAM, Nov. 25.— Frank
Duncan, the saf eblower and murderer
of Policeman <3. W. Kirkley, was
hanged here to-day.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 26.— A cor
respondent returning from the front
after being wounded at Liaoyang and
convalescing . at Moscow writes from
Irkutsk severely criticising the traffic
arrangements of the Siberian Railroad.
The corresoondent also describes the
hospital arrangements at Irkutsk, Omsk
and Tscheliabinsk as" wholly Inade
quate, while the frequent transfers of
the wounded from train to train en
tail, unusual hardship. Almost. all the
suffering from the congestion of traffic,
it is added, is due to the administrative
Incapacity of the railway officers.
Criticises the Traffic Arrangements.
EL PASO. Texas, Nov. 25. — An In
dian chief named Abieta, a delegate
from the Indian reservation at Ysleta,
N. M., accompanied by three of his
tribesmen, left here to-day for the
City of Mexico, where they are going
to confer with the Mexican Govern
ment for the purpose of opening nego
tiations relative to the establishment
of a colony of Indians in Mexico. The
Indians gave as their reasons forgoing
to Mexico the rapid encroachment of
the whites and said it would not j be
long until all the Indians would leave
the United States.
Intend Opening Negotiations Relative
to the Establisliment of a New
Colony.
INDIANS ARE TO CONFER
WITH MEXICAN GOVERNMENT
DENVER ELECTION* OFFICERS
ARE PLACED UNDER ARREST
TOKIO, Nov. 25.— Manchurian head
quarters telegraphing under date of
November 24 says:
"From 1 o'clock on the night of No
vember 23 the enemy's infantry made
a series p£ attacks against our outposts
at Lamutung, but the entire attacking
force was compelled to retreat north
ward before our fire.
"Simultaneously the enemy's ¦ artil
lery bombarded the neighborhood of
the Shakhe railway bridge*, firing thirty
ro-unds, but without doins any damage
to us."
Make an Unsuccessful Attack on Jap
anese Outposts at Lamutung.
SLAVS BEATEN BACK.
SUEZ, Nov. 25. — Two Russian battle
ships, three cruisers, seven torpedo
boat destroyers and nine transports
from Port Said have arrived safely at
the Bitter Lakes in the canal. Under
instructions the destroyers left the re
mainder of the squadron and came on
to Suez, where they anchored, preced
ing the transports, which will come
through under electric light, arriving
here at 2 c/clock a. m. While the de
stroyers were passing through the ca
nal men were stationed at their guns
and torpedo tubes.
The cruisers and battleships will
leave the Bitter Lakes at daylight.
At rives at the Bitter Lakes in the
Suez Canal ami Anchors There.
Squadron Goes to BahJa.
RIO DE JANEIRO. Nov. 23,— The
United States South Atlantic squadron
sailed for Bahia to-day.
RUSSIAN SQUADRON SAFE.
BERLIN, Nov. 25.— The Prussian
army budget for the coming- year is
estimated at $110,000,000, an increase of
511,250,000. The Saxon army budget is
placed it JU.OCO.GOO, an increase of
?425,000, and that of Wurtemburg at
S:\500.000, an increase of $125,000. Of
these 53,250,000 is for the creation or
reserve field artillery, being one-ninth
of the $20,250,000 necessary for that
purpose. The sum of $2,250,000 is ap
propriated as the_first installment of
$20,250,WO for new rifles.
The addition to the peace strength
when the plans proposed by these
budgets and that of Bavaria are real
ized will be about 150.000 men, raising
the peace establishment to about 621,000
officers and rm n. *-
The naval budget, besides two bat
tleships, provides for one armored
cruiser, two small cruisers, two gun
boats—one of them for river service in
the Far East— and cne mine laying
st^imer. The sum of $275.00'j is asked
for submarine experiments. The ap
propriation totals $59,000,000, of which
517,517.500 is for shipbuilding. Of ; the
$4,125,000 Increase over last year, there
is only $20S,750 increase for ship
building. The remainder is for docks,
coast dofense, artillery barracks, pen
sions and miscellaneous expenses.
"I am an old man." he said. "Little
time yet remains, but the days and
thoughts still granted me are conse
crated to church affairs. The world
concerns me no longer."
ST PETERSBURG. Nov. 25.—Ac
cording to the best information avail
able the Zemstvo memorial is still un
der consideration at Tsarskoeselo. Em
peror Nicholas is said to be under no
illusion regarding the gravity of his de
cision and is giving tne memorial the
most careful and earnest consideration.
By some ha is represented as greatly
concerned and grieved over the situa
tion, both at home and abrc-ad, to be
weary of the war and the unrest in
the Interior, ready to welcome any hon
orable means to bring the war to a con
clusion and anxious to remove the
causes fc-r discontent and secure tran
quillity at home. The mnuences sur
rounding him, however, ate said to be
almost entirely hostile to concessions.
Fear is expressed that if the whole
Zemstvo programme is rejected there
may be a revival of the old terroristfc
dueL The Emperor is said to have been
acquainted \vi,th Interior Minister Svi
atopoik-ilirsky's irrevocable decision
not to remain in the Ministry if the
policy of liberalism on which he went
into office Is abandoned.
M. Pobodcr.ostzeff, Procurer Genenal
of the Holy Synod, is credited with
having informed the Emperor in con
nection with the presentation of the
Zemstvos' memorial to his Majesty that
no middle ground is possible at the
present moment. This remarkable man.
who has exercised so much influence In
the Council of Empire, is now a mere
shadow, almost four score, and his
tall, withered form seems bowed be
neath the weight of his finely chiseled
dome-like head. Nevertneless, flre*still
smolders in the sunken caverns of his
gray eves.
Danish Authorities Stop the Coaling.
LONDON, Nov. 26. — The cruisers Oleg
and Izumrod of the second division of
th*» Russian Baltic fleer, according to
the Daily Mail's correspondent at Co
penhagen, left Skaw the night of No
vember 24 by order of Danish authori
ties, while coaling in Danish waters.
The Russian commander, the corre
spondent adds, protested that he was
awaiting dispatches from St. Peters
burg, but finally agreed to move.
About a Hundred and Fifty
Thousand Will Be Added
to ' the Peace Strength
Russian Euler Pauses Before
Passing on the* Petition
Asking for Great Eeforms
TO INCREASE
GERMAN ARMY
CRATE CRISIS
FOR THE CZAR
The convention, as heretofore an
nounced, designates the- Emperor of
Austria to appoint a fifth commissioner
in case the four naval officers disagree.
The text will not be published before
Monday, but it is known, that the con
vention contains eight articles embody
ing an amendment requested by Russia
to article 2. providing that the commis
sion shall 'determine the degree of
blame by the addition of the words
"subjects of either power or other
state."
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 25.— The
North Sea convention was signed at
the Foreign Office this evening by For
eign Minister Lamsdorff and Embassa
dor Hardinge.
Britain's Embassador and Minister
Lamsdorff Sign Document.
"The concentration of strong Japan
ese forces at Saimatsze, northwest of
Fengwangcheng, which at first was
thought to indicate the formation of a
new offensive army, now appears to
have been intended only for covering
the Fengwangcheng communications."
BERLIN, Nov. 26.— Tne Lokal. An
zelger's Mukden correspondent tele
graphs as follows: "According to a
report brought by Chinese to Russian
headquarters, the corpse of General
Kuroki has arrived at TinSow.
Another Story of Knrold's Death.
XOUTH SEA CONTENTION*.
STUDENTS OF THE HOPKIXS ART INSTITUTE WHO FIGURED ' IN HAZING
SAID TO HAVE RESULTED IN INJURY OF LOWER CLASS4LAN, WITH THE
DIRECTOR OF THE SCHOOL.
"The President." said the major,
"had sixteen children; five boys and
six girls survive him. One of the
children. Mrs. Eloff. was with her
father at the time of hia death. Ac
cording to the will, after what Is left
to charitable institutions, there will be
an equal division of the estate between
the surviving children."
Major Whelan is a native of Africa.
and served under Joubert and Louis
Botha. He and Mrs. Whelan will re
main for some time in California, after
which they expect to make a visit to
Vancouver, B. C.
Major Whelan said that the first h«
had heard of the will of his father-in
law was what he read in the Call
yesterday. He said that President
Kruger had enormous property Inter
ests In the Transvaal. Out of the
$50,000 he received yearly he spent
not more than $3000.
on the Korea.
Among the arrivals on ths Korea
yesterday were Major T. J. Whelan
and his wife, Mrs. Helen Whelan. who
is a daughter of the late President
Kruger of the Boer Republic Major
and Mrs. Whelan have been traveling
In Europe and have visited London
since termination of the Boer war.
The major was an officer In the service
of the Boers.
3Iajor and 3Irs. T. J. Whelan Arrive
OOM PAUL'S DAUGHTER HERE.
Though the condition of Albert de
Rome, student of Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art. is reported serious, it is
held by students that the "ordeals"
were rrJId. The instrument used is said
to be a weak magnetic battery — so
weak that the full strength of the cur
rent can scarcely be felt.
Young De Rome's story that he
tegrged to be released is firmly denied
by the students.
De Rome went to the studio of Dougr- ,
las Fras*»r, €11 Clay street, to be ini
tiated into the life class. It is said that
he seemed to enter into the spirit of
the occasion. Besides De Rome there
was another candidate for initiation,
Eugene E. Sr.eed. He was put through
the same ordeals as De Rome, but "was
rot injured in any way. The initiation
committee consisted of George Hol
combe. Henry BarndoIIar, Douglas
Fraser, Armin C. Kansen. Jackson
Hatch. J. Sherwood and H. Foss.
In the old studio once tenanted by
some of the most famous artists of
other days the boys amused themselves
at the f-xpense of the neophytes. Sneed
and De Rome were stripped to their
undergarments. One at a time they
were bound to an "electric chair." which
has been described as '"the same as is
used at Sing- Sing." A current so slight
that it could be hardly felt was turned
on. This is an old initiation custom of
the Hcpkir.s students and is called "the
muscle dance."
When De Rome was subjected to it.
say the students, he did not complain,
but when his bonds were cut he was
unable to rise without help.
"Why. what's the matter with the old
Fhe Battleships and Two Cruisers
Among: the Russian Vessels.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 25.— A long
list of the decorations and promotions
of naval officers at Port Arthur, sign
ed October 24. and just published, show
that the warships at Port Arthur then
included the battleships Retvizan. Po
bieda, Peresviet, Poltava and Sevasto
pol, the armored cruiser Bayan. the
protected cruiser Pallada. the gun
boats Vsadnik. Giliak and Bobra, the
coast defense vessel Otvashni, the
transports Amur and Angara and the
torpedo-boat destroyers Stroini. Silni.
Srnyeli. Serdlti. Bezshumi. Sorozehvoi,
Boiki, Razyaschtihi and Rastoropny.
not see it. but from the noise it made I
think It was a hand magneto. I felt no pain
after th<? first two shocks, but when they
re!ease<l me from the chair I could not walk.
Alter they i?nt through with me tome students
helped me out. I went to Dr. Clark and was
treated. Th»n I went to my uncle's.
Albert de Rome, the Injured student,
is staying at his uncle's home. When
seen he said:
I den't think the boys thought they would
hurt me when they shocked me In the way
they C'A. but test the same my legs are almost
rara'.yred. They tied me into a chair and
thrn started th» current. I don't know Ju?t
what kind of apparatus they used as I dl'l
So great a furor has been made over
the affair that Dean Arthur F. Math
ews and others of the Hopkins Insti
tute faculty have decided that the mat
ter must be investigated. The investi
gation will be in charge of the school
committee consisting of the following:
Lorenzo P. Latimer, Henry Heyman,
M. Evelyn McCormick, George W.
Turner, John M. Gamble, Harry W.
Seawell. Newton J. Tharp and Mary C.
Brady.
When seen at his residence, 1076
Fifty-ninth street, Oakland, Louis de
Rome, the uncle of Albert de Rome,
said:
The facts ?jx»aJc for themselves. The boy
is almost paralyzed from the waist down and
is now under the care of a dortor. He tells
me his injury was caused by repeated ihocks
of electricity while h» was bein? "initiated"
by some of the students at the institute. Of
count I do not b'arr.e the directors of the
whool for the trouble, but I do believe that
things of this kind should be stopped. The
boy will be under the doctor's caj-e for some
time and will be under heavy expense, and If
I find that his injury was caused by this so
called initiation I propose to use every effort
tr> make the guilty parties vvf dearly for
tfceir F^ort.
The unc.e is enragpd over th* affair.
Yesterday he went to District "Attor
ney Byington to ask advice with the
view of prosecuting the hazers. By
ineton said that if young De Rome's
injury was permanent the offenders
could be charged with mayhem; if not
the offense was battery. Louis de
Rome says that he will prosecute the
hazing party.
•"I've had lumbago for four years,"
replied De Rome. "I guess I have an
other attack. I get one now and then.
It will go away soon. "
""Why didn't you tell us?" was asked.
"Vfe would have let you off from the
muscle dance if you had."
"You might have thought I was try
ing to get out of it," De Rome replied.
Though De Rome walked with some
difficulty, he was able to leave the
studio, declining assistance that was
eagerly proffered. He attended school
the next day, but later his condition
became worse asd lit -3 physician. Dr.
Charles Clark, advised him to go to
bed. The boy went to the home of
his uncle, Louis de Roma of Oakland.
man?" asked one of the hazing party,
according to current report.
WARSHIPS AT PORT ARTHUR.
LONDON. Nov. 25.— Japaln in a
friendly spirit has drawn the attention
of Great Britain to the supply of coal
furnished by F.ritiah vessels to the
Russian fleet.
Japan Sends Note to Britain.
De Rome's Uncle
Mau Prosecute
Students.
Norwegian Minister Makes Denial.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 23.— Tas
Minister of Sweden and Norway denies
in the most formal insnser that any.
Japanese naval officers even visited
Scandinavian ports for the purpose of
chartering steamers to transport mines
or other explosive engines.
GENERAL. KUROKI'S HEADQUAR
TERS IN THE FIELD, Nov. 24, via
Fusan. Nov. 25. — The reports circulated
during the past week in the Eastern
papers and probably telegraphed abroad
to the effect that General Kuropatkin
in making a general advance had
pushed back the Japanese left a dis
tance of three miles are wholly un
founded.
The situation remains entirely un
changed during the last month, except
that both armies have doubtless
strengthened their defenses and accu
mulated supplies In that time.
The Russians continue their recon
noissances in front of the Japanese left,
but there has been no general engage
ment or change In the Japanese in
trenched positions.
The Japanese continue to ignore the
dally shelling which took place in front
of the central army, and In many places
the whole line of trenches are so close
that the Japanese can draw fire at any
time by displaying caps on sticks.
A few casualties result daily from
rifle fire.
Japanese Say That Situation on Their
Left Remains Unchanged.
DENY REPORTED ADVANCE.
The location of the harbor defense
miires is uncertain and as a result tor
pedo-boat No. 20S has been sunk and a
German steamer has been damaged by
coming In contact with mines.
NAGASAKI. Nov. 25, 10 a. m.— A for
eigner who left Vladivostok last Mon
day says that during the past month
twenty steamers have arrived at Vladi
vostok bringing coal and sundries. He
also confirms previous reports that the
Russian protected cruiser Bogatyr,
while not docked, is unserviceable and
is supported forward by pontoons. The
armored cruiser Gromoboi has, he says,
twenty-five frames broken and is badly
strained. Repairs on her will require
some months. A submarine boat which
was brought from St. Petersburg has
completed several trials satisfactorily.
Twenty Steamers Carry in Coal and
Sundries During Month.
SUPPLIES FOR VLADIVOSTOK
CRONSTADT. Nov. 23.— Lieutenant
Bondy has just been reinstated in his
rank In the navy for heroism In the de
fense of Port Arthur. Several years ago
Bondy was expelled* from the service
for a grave misdemeanor. When the
war broke out he volunteered as an or
dinary seaman in the Pacific fleet, and
distinguished himself by his bravery at
Port Arthur. For this reason the Em
peror has restored him to his former
rank of lieutenant.
Czar Rewards Bravery.
TOKIO. Nov. 23.— It Is reported thai
the Japanese saps directed against
Rihlung Mountain. Sungshu Mountain
and East Kekwan Mountain have
reached the base of the center ditches.
The defensive works outside the para
pets of Rlhlnng Mountain and Sunar
shu Mountain have been captured,
leaving the Russians In possession of
the parapets only. The Japanese
guns are shelling the parapets and in
flicting heavy damage. The occupa
tion of the fort3 Is expected shortly.
If the forts are* taken the capture of
Port Arthur proper seems assured
within a short time.
MUKDEN. Nov. 25. — Last night
passed quietly, though during Thurs
day a few scattering shots were heard
along the front, particularly in the
southeasterly direction.
There are large bands of Chinese
bandits in the neighborhood of Tie
Pass though no Japanese officers have
been noticed among them. The army
around Mukden is making dugouts
which are warm and comfortable, and
this is regarded as evidence of an .in
tention to pass the wlnttr in the pres
ent location. Skirmishing
to the southward, but there has been
no serious engagement.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— It is learn
ed on excellent authority that the Jap
anese army has been ordered to renew
its attack on Port Arthur to-day and
to take the main fortifications at any
cost.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 26. 3:30 a.
m. — There is a lack of news' from the
front to-day. The report that the Jap
anese are concentrating their energies
for a desperate assault on Port Ar
thur in view of the approach of the
Baltic squadron is quite generally cred
ited in official quarters. Such a move
has been expected to- transpire a3 soon
as the Japanese learned that the
squadron's trip was an actuality and
no mere demonstration.
The authorities are prepared to hear
terrible reports of the projected as
sault. "While not hazarding: a guess as
to whether the fortress can be carried,
as the besiegers are utterly regardless
of life, they are confident that Geneal
Stoessel will be able to make such an
attack one of the costliest operations
In history.
Russians Lose
Their Outer
Works.
Shots Disturb
the Peace of
Mukden.
Orders That It
Be Taken at
Any Cost.
MIKADO DEMANDS PORT ARTHUR
THE battery used in
the hazing of Al
bert de Rome was pro
duced yesterday. It is
a toy affair, and the cur
rent at its strongest gives
a scarcely perceptible
shock. The art students
concerned in the affair
say that De Rome went
through the ordeal of
his own volition and
did not protest. The
school committee of
the Hopkins Institute
of Art will begin an
investigation in a few
days. De Rome's con
dition is said to be still
serious, and his uncle —
Louis de Rome — is en
raged over the occur
rence. He visited the
District Attorney yes
terday to urge the prose
cution of the offenders.
Say Their Battery Generated Harmless Current
JAPANESE PREPARING
TO RESUME ASSAULT
HAZERS DENY TORTURE CHARGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
3
FREE FREE FREE
' WI1H
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A BOX
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
'^%:X of the
HIGHEST QUALITY
of
TOILET SOAP.
Your Choice of Four Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars. '¦?¦
ADVERTISOIEXTS.
l/on't suffer with Catarrh any longer! I
gy^^^iU^-'^SHHMnBfwBBk - Don't wane an ij more time — en^rjy g
tz w^y^iJ^^^B^^^^^S. — money, ia trying to conquer it with M
Bjmmj^»^SBifa^g&3S^fl Don't think it can't tx* vanquished Js
: Eig.'*-»^.Vj just because you have not sought help q
Brats Write to me at once and leara how It 9
ffljMPt?*' SfeSf cstl b* cured. Not merely fur & «Hy. a 8
B^fej V t» V^f week. or a year — but permanently. Let H
jPv^SrX^*. .«. \^* sA >l i^v me explain my new scientiSc method of H
tUS^^? '•^S§2tf£L^o«v tr»*»:ui«-nt, discovered by myself — used 3
.S^|||5>!kV ;^ Catarrh in more tbaa mn anooyinz Eg
20Z&§&f3\. " ~$5»";7 §§*$ trouble — more than an unclean diseaae Eg
*?&$#-&& jx " J^sJ&'^Sn —more than a brief ailment. It's the B
a f£M?&$g*3N X advance guard or Consumption If you U
I ~rh!l|BJrijBjiFt '— qT" J*?vB y \&& don'tcheck it. it's bound. :or*com« Con- H
1 CjjjfjSjrejpiPiH I [ ffi^M^Hf sumption. It b--vi opened the door of M
\ v^g^^ijg^y 2>>» ***%!! — v ygJlJ-5-/ death for tbou*aod3. Take if ia hand u
5 _ __ tatmiif qow — before it's too late. a
. Oft. SPROULE. B. A. 1 '11 pladlydhKrnose your case and eireg
: Successful Catarrh Specialist you free consultation aad advice. It g
'¦ Read (terse qae*tl«n «ar*fullj, ¦¦- shall not COSt JOU a Cent. 3
iwrr them jrt or no and »«-n.l thm '-.*•—->. f<|
I with the Frr* Mrdlrnl A4t!«-* C,.,h,.. • «rfj ifTI nTTIT T li
[ Dr. Hpr.ulr *»JU .t-d, them th»r«u C l*- ML , I* M|> I LI I U
1? »¦<! write ,ou to renr* (• >— r Jiff I pill I Dllli U
\ ease, wlthooi its 7*<tli| you a eeat. mmmm » »** . • •*•••• % i
* I* yovr throat ratT •«•<*•• ¦¦¦ ¦¦ m ««jh««« f
• Do 9 o* t*«neofte»l VniT TTTOm 1 DOW ,*f
i Are your t>j>* iccterj' 1UU UUUl . UV II *}
i Do you tatt cold eatilyT 'A
» It yo*r note stopped +n m ' __ ,_ — — «¦>>•¦¦•«««•• If
>S Doetyoi*rno*,ftetf*Uf Hirt PTTDI 1 P A T A D U U l\
P lioyo* hatttos.it of U*! iff 1 . 1 1 K !¦ IlHlAniLll *
B Are you tcorte in damp treat&er? " ft
a Do you bton^yo*r note <i goo>l denl' - Let me show you wbat ill Co tor 700 H
H Art you toting your teiue of tmtll t entirely without charge. Thousands B
H DotiyoHrmottAtatiebadmoTningtr t^ ve accepted tois offer- today tbmy B
Do youhate to <><£¦ 9 oJ throat on rx,Ca' tolose and everything U» pain Just for g
5 It there a tickling tensotion in yo*r tArootf the asking you 11 receive the benefit of B
h Do yon hate an nnpUasant dischurn* j'rom rav nineteen years of experience — xay B
F, tht motef ' limportaut new discoveries — oy *as* B
g Dots tht twtau drop into yoxr throat from .knowledge of the dtc-ase |
S VU *OSt' * B _ IB^^ Ba|alaaaa||a _ BBBa^ a H^IBMMMHHIW M
3 A*mer Uu qtetUo-is Pit f rncc Uimiril Catarrh Specialist SPKOCLE. \wM
P madt out for yom, vritt 9O*r rKtC JltliltAL ; Tratle Bulldia*. Boatan.~wtn yoa kauI-S
? name aj%d address plainly o+ ¦ nvirC rAITDAV ly wad n». entirely free ot charge. B
£ tht dotted lines in the Fret 3Xed- All T lWC tUt I Uil yO ur a ivio- ia resard to the core at Ca- 9
-- ical Adcict Cottton. cut Vum tarrb. - ij
!toth out aad mail thtm tome as M
tooi* as possibU. 'Trill tost S
you nothing and idJl gift pi* ?»\irE . ....»..•••••..••.• ••'•••'•••"•A«»»»»«»»» M
i*t SPSOTTZiX:. 166 Trade ** ****'" ' h
Baildta?. Boston. . Don't §
lose any, time. , Do It now. •,:•_*•: — .....--.»••¦»- ..........................
DOAX'S PILLS.
ACT PCKLY,
Belay Has Been Daaprom in
San Francisco.
Do the right thing at the right time.
Act quickly in times of 'ianger.
Backache is kidney danger.
Doan's Kidney P;!ls act quickly —
Cure z.11 distressing, dangerous kid-
aey ills.
Plenty of evidence to prove this.
Mr£ H. Smi:h of i6S Linden ave-
r.ue says: "My daughter complained
every now and then for abont a year
of pain through the smalfof her back.
Besides that she had very marked
symptoms of either weakened or ex-
cited kidneys. Any overexertion
brought on an attack, and if she con-
tracted a cold aggravation \ras sure
to follow. I advised her to try
Dean's Kidney Pills, and she com-
menced their use. They were prompt
in their action, and a continuation of
the treatment for a short time stopped
the pam in her -back and improved
her health in every way. Doan's
Ointment has also been tried in my
family and beneficial results un-
doubtedly followed its use."
For sale by all dealers. Price soc
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. ~Y
sole agents for the United States
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
CANKER. SORES
Cbstirate cases c! Cria hav-
been relieved after three cr four applica-
tions of
SOZODONT
LIQUID
A complete cure has been effected within a
week frcrr. three applications a day. It is a
venderful dentifrice. Nothing to eqcal it.
IT CLEANSES. HEALS, PRESERVES.
S FOSMS: LIQUID, POWDER. PASTE jThe Supervisors' Joint Committee
on Judiciary and Streets yesterday ask
ed the City Attorney for an opinion as
to whether the Board of . Supervisors
has the power to /close Beach street
between Laguna and Buchanan for
which Ellen Dore has filed a, petition.
The committee rather held to the
opinion that it could not close the
street under the charter provision
which prohibits the closing of streets
more than forty feet wide. . The com
mittee, however, thought that It would
not be against public; policy, to close
the street, but felt that the city
should be compensated if it did finally
surrender its rights to the open high
way.- • ¦ -. . '..,¦ : . • ¦ .
Want Beach Street Closed.
George Curry, who is now awaiting
trial on a charge of having- killed his
wife in a lodging house on Turk
street on July 5, secured judgment
yesterday against the Hibernia Bank
for $120 42 in Justice of the Peace'
Daniels' court. The auit was brought
agrainst the bank by John O'Connor as
assignee. Curry was brought to the
court room by a deputy sheriff and
gave testimony to the effect that he
had at .various times': deposited,
through his wife, certain sums of
money in the bank representing his
earnings while working for the United
Railroads. * :
Man Who Killed Wife Gets Judgment.
The party left New York ten days
ago. arriving last Thursday evening in
St. Louis, where they spent two days
viewing the exposition and then pro
ceeded on to this city, which was
reached yesterday morning. Banker
Schiff stated that there was nothing
significant in the visit of himself and
friends to the coast and that they ex
pected to get away Sunday, their route
being by way of the coast line to San
ta Barbara and Los Angeles, from
where they intend to start on their
homeward journey. ¦
,"It is merely a pleasure trip," said
the shrewd New York financier, who,
as a. member of the banking firm of
Kuhn, Loeb & Co., the financial back
ers of the Harriman railway syndicate,
is naturally Interested in the recent im
provements along the great Harriman
pyetem, "and we propose to have all
the enjoyment our limited time will
afford UB. My friends have been anx-
Banker Jacob H. Schiff of New York
and a party of British financiers, who
in one way or another represent mil
lions of English capital that is invested
in commercial enterprises in this coun
try, arrived here yesterday in a spe
cial train and are registered at the St.
Francis Hotel. In the party, which is
traveling as the guest of Banker Schiff.
are Sir Ernest Cased!, a member c-f
the Privy Council of England, who is
accredited with being one of the closest
advisers of King Edward in matters of
finar.ee; Robert Fleming:, through
whom much British capital has been
invested in American railways; Valen
tine Fleming:, his son, who is also prom
inent in London financial affairs; Max
J. Bonn of Stern Bros., bankers of
London, and General James H. Wilson,
U. S. A., retired, of New York, who is
an intimate friend of Banker Schiff.
Leaving here to-morrow the party
expects to stop over at the Hotel del
Monte for a few hours before embark
ing on their trip down the coast to
Santa Barbara.
The Schiff party was met at Ogderi
by Acting General Manager Bancroft
and Chief Engineer Hood of the South
ern Pacific Company, who arranged the
running time of the special train so
that the distinguished travelers could
cross the Lucln cut off and view from
the* rear end of their train Engineer
Hood's wonderful achievements in
shortening the transcontinental line by
way of Salt L*ke. To Fleming, who is
deeply interested in the many improve*
ments along the entire Harriman roads,
various work /recently completed for
the purpose of straightening out the
line was pointed out.
Arriving ,here the party lunched
at the Paciflo-Union Club and then
went to the Claus Spreckels building,
from the top of which the Britishers
were afforded a blrdseye view of San
Francisco. From there they returned
to the St. Francis Hotel long enough
to permit Banker Sehlff to receive and
answer a number of telegrams and then
they were driven throusn Golden Gate
Park to the beach. To-day the party
has arranged to inspect the important
work recently Inaugurated by the
Southern Pacific engineers in the
southern part of the city, commonly
designated as the bay shore cut off.
ious to see the country and I am now
ehowing them over the ground—" and
the banker quickly turned to direct ar
rangements for the entertainment of
his friends to-night, when they will
visit Chinatown.
QVAKTKT OF ¦DISTINGUISHED AMERICAN' AND ENGLISH CAPITALISTS WHO
ARE VFITTNG SAX FRAN'CIS<\3 IN A TOUR OF INSPECTION OF PACIFIC
COAST CITIES AXT> WESTERN V EVELOP1TENT.
Boy Accidentally Killed.
CHICO, Nov. 25.— Willie Bayon, • son
of a well-known resident of Biggs, was
accidentally killed while out hunting
.with two young companions yesterday.
He was climbing a. fence when -the
hammer of his gun caught on a board
end a charge of goose shot | was sent
through his body/causing instant death.
"I object, to this letter being intro
duced as evidence," began Judge Pi
per. "It shows business relations
about which I know nothing and
whicft have nothing to do with this
case."
"I want to show what these rela
tions were," suggested Heney.
"By those letters?"
"Yes, and by the testimony of this
witness."
Judge Bellinger then adjourned the
court in order to give Judge Piper a
chance to outline his objections. To
morrow he will present his point and
take the ruling of the court. In the
meantime Hobson is waiting on the
witness stand to tell what he knows
about the relations of McKinley and
Puter.
"The purpose of this letter, if it
please the court," said Attorney
Heney, "will be to show the relations
existing between Puter and McKinley
in a social and a business way. The
prosecution Is now starting on a new
line of evidence tending to connect
these defendants with the case. I
have told the Witness to be present
In the morning and would suggest
that the court adjourn until that
time."
In the meantime the defense was
clustered about the letter.
PORTLAND, Nov. 25.— Another sup
port in the superstructure of the Gov
ernment's evidence in the trial of the
land fraud cases was supplied to-day
in the testimony of Robert G. Pierce,
one of the surveying party which ac T
companied A. W. Barber . on his tour
of examination of the claims. His tes
timony was an exhaustive account in
detail of the trips made by the party
during the six days ¦ they "Scrambled
through the virgin forests of Township
11 south. Range 7 east, in search of
homestead improvements, which cer
tain documents on file in the land office
make it appear were made. The testi
mony of Pierce was corroborative of
that of Barber, given yesterday, but it
was stronger , in the respect that the
witness to-day testified that for ten
years he had resided on a homestead
of his own. in this exclusive territory,
and during that time saw hot one sight
which led him to believe that any such
personages as those whose names now
figure in court ever lived on the claims
to which they are accredited by pat
ents issued by the Gerferal Land Office.
The line of has changed.
The old story of geography, that has
taken all of the week in the telling, has
given way to the story of the business
and other relations 'of the defendants,
and some startling tales are looked for
at the session of to-morrow. The past
life of the defendants, where they have
been and how and what they have done
and what relation each bears to the
others in business and private life will
be the burden of the testimony brought
out for the knowledge of the court and
jury.
Edwin Hobson of Eugerrte, the last
witness of the day, testified as to his
knowledge of the relations existing
between Marie^Ware, Horace McKin
ley and Clyde Lloyd. Witness had
never met S. A. D. Puter, but volun
teered the ioformation that he had
received a letter from him in con
nection with the case of McKinley and
Lloyd. A storm of objections follow
ed this statement. Witness produced
the letter and more objections were
offered.
Prosecutors in Land Fraud
Cases Produce Witness Who
Gives Startling Testimony
POINT SCORED
BY GOVERNMENT
The deep gravel mines of Calaveras County
are ancient river beds," which can be traced
for miles through this and adjoining ooun
tias. Their course is not Influenced In the
least ' by the mountains and valleys at the
present day. The rivers had defined channels
In the bedrock. The whole country was then
overflowed with lava, covering up the streams.
The depth at which these channels are found
varies with the locality. The gravel in the
channel is from a few feet thick to several
hundred. All, * or nearly all of this, carries
gold. The richest Is mostly found on the bed
rock, though deposits of rich gravel have been
found just under the lava capping. The gravel
consists principally of decomposed serpentine,
schist, granite, quartzite, slate and quartz.
This decomposition, especially of the serpen
tine, has formed a clayey cement, binding th»
pebblet and bowlders of quartz bo hard that
milling Is neceesary to release the values. The
usual practice in milling in this neighborhood
la to dump the mass as It comes from the
mine onto an Inclined grizzly. The fine sep
arates and sroes directly to the storage bin.
The lumps fall onto a horizontal grizily. Th«
largest of the quartz bowlders are sorted out
by hand and thrown over the dump. The
clayey chunks are broken up with hammers till
all will pass through the grlzry into the bin.
Twenty stamps of the Ballol mill,
near Sutter Creek, will be moved to the
Lampheer mine, at Spring Gulch, near
Mokelumne Hill, Calaveras County, to
be operated. , V T :
The Kelsey Gold and Sliver Mining
Company has resumed work on the
American .River, near Kelsey, El Do
rado County. *
Progress Is reported in the opening of
the Chicago mine, near Nevada City.
The mine has been Idle a number of
years. . ' •
It is reported ' that a coal lead has
been found in Sacramento . County, on
the Biggs ranch,. near Folsom.
The Mameluke Hill gold mine,- in El
M. P. Boag writes in the Mining and
Scientific Press the following about the
gravel mines of Calaveras County:
Now under way is the work of putting In
a pipe line from the storage plant to the
Salt Lake wells, a. franchise for which was
granted to the latter company some time ago.
This line will be used by the Associated to
bring oil to the city. A large force of men
is now at work.
The statement published in the Times a few
days since that it is not the intention of the
Associated to bring more Bakersfleld oil h»r«
at the present time was confirmed recently
by an oil man In touch with officials of the
company, who pointed out that with. the pros
pecta of oil Koine up at Kern River It Is not
likely that it can be shipped here at a reason
able price unless the combine is either able to
produce It from its property or make Im
mediate low contracts with independents. It
is not believed that it can at present get
sufficient from its own properties to supply
any very lane contracts here, together with
those which It already has with the Southern
Pacific and In Ban Francisco. If this is the
case H Is thought to be very likely that the
combine will be seeking to acquire other prop
erties in the fields south of the Tehachapi
and that it will also do business as a pur
chaser of oil from independents here as lt\does
at Kern River, McKittrick and Coalinga,
where t it is already the main factor in the
fuel oil business. At McKittrick It has un
disputed sway; at Kern River It has 60 per
cent of the production and handles large
amounts of Independent oil, and at Coallngn
it has acquired the Southern Pacific pipe lines
and is branching out most extensively. Sev
eral well-informed oil men have expressed the
opinion that within a comparatively short time
the Associated will be occupying as Important
a position in the southern fields and market
as It already does in the north. ,
. GRAVBL IN CALAVERAS.
. In entering into the local oil Industry, the
Associated Company has not only obtained
ccntrol of the Salt L»ake Company's' wells, but
has also acquired the entire plant of the Oil
Storage and Transportation Company, through
which it will handle the sale and distribution
in Los Angeles. The plant Is at Alhafnbra
and Bloom streets, where there Is tankage to
the amount of 1<H),QOO barrels, and at which
point the oil storage company has engaged in
the business of purchasing and storing oil
from the local fields and supplying it to the
consumers. This business will now be taken
over by the Associated people represented in
this city by C. A. Canfleld, a director of the
combine.
The Associated. Oil -Company has
moved largely on the Los, Angeles mar
ket, and the Los Angeles Times says:
Concerning recent peculiarities of
gold-dredging in Butte County the Oro
ville Register says:
When the dredger field was opened near
this town It was confidently asserted that the
tract where dredgers could work to advantage
was limited. There was only a certain dis
trict where the big boats would work the nand
and gravel. This was changed gT«atly when
some new tracts were tested.' The El Oro
showed that land on the bluff could be worked,
and then a new aspect was put on the face
of dredger mining. Recently a good deal of
land south of town has been put under bonda,
and If the ' sale of- the same goes on, there
will be dredgers built to work the landa on the
Morrissey tract, on' the B«vin« tract and on
the land of Henry Downing, together with sev
eral other- pieces.
Eome of the land in so high that it will be
neceasary to work the tracts in sections. One
dredger will be on the ground floor, as It were,
another In the second story and a third on the
roof garden. It would be a curious sight to
9ee three dredgers, one at the base and an
other half way up, while the third was on
top of a hill, and all working, digging for gold.
At this rate all the bald hills south of Oro
ville and almost down to Palermo are liable
to become dredging ground.
DREDGERS CLIMB HILLS.
A great boom in the gravel mining
region in the northwestern part of Am
ador County. is predicted. The Amador
Dispatch says that on the flat lands and
in many of the valleys of the lower
foothills there are enormous deposits of
gold-bearing graveUfrom ten to thirty
feet in depth;. In; the northern part of
the county the old river channel and
gravel beds" begin about six mlleB below
Plymouth and run ten miles west to
the Cosumnes River, three miles south
of Michigan Bar. The Dispatch says:
The gravel deposits of thl» old channel vary
in places from a half to tnre«-quartor» of a
mile In width— in some place* they axe even
a mile wide, and on the north side of these
gravel hllla runs Arkansas creek, famous for
the richnees of its diggings In the early fifties
— $50 and $76 a day to the man to the rocker
being nothing uncommon. Immense tracts of
this land, owing to its flat nature, although
rich In gold in the flat places, were unfit for
hydraullcJking as the tailings could not ba
got away and the ranch owners would not
permit drifting, as they claimed the dumps
and tailings spoiled the agricultural value of
their • land. To-day these lands and - many
others are being eagerly sought after for
dredging purposes. In many places the gravel
on these lands is eaid to be fifty to sixty f«et
in depth/ - ¦ ' .
Below Forest Home and opposite the school
house parties have recently sunk a shaft i In
the flat 'to a depth of forty-five feet, with a
handsome prospect In free goia, but they nave
not yet touched bedrock. The great gravel
hills and flats around Michigan Bar. on the
north 'side of Arkansas creek, from which
nearly $5,000,000 waf> taken In early days, are
also attracting considerable attention. ,
Below Carbondale and around lone thou
sands of acres of gravel have been bonded.
The great gravel beds around lone are coming
in ror their full Rhare of attention and before
long it will be a hard matter to find any good
gravel deposits of any extent that are not tied
up in eome way under either a bond or con
tract. It is safe to say, that at a rough esti
mate there are over 10,000 acres of gravel land
in the northwestern part of Amador County,
but whether or not all is fit for dredging the
Dispatch Is not prepared to say, although well
informed persona claim that a very large por
tion of these lands will pay to dredge.
E. H. Oliphant of the ynlted Btates
Geological Survey makes a general re
view of the petroleum industry of the
United States that gives the credit of
the great record-breaking production
of last year to the output of California,
which is now greater than that of any
other State, and in a lesser degree to
the increased production in Indiana,
Kansas, Kentucky and Louisiana and
to the large production, of Texas.
The annual convention of the Califor
nia Miners' Association will open at the
Hotel St. Francis in this city on Decem
ber & and .will continue in session, with
various sightseeing trips included, until
December 8, inclusive of the last named
date. The general idea of the proceed
ings has previously been" outlined in
The Call. Papers on subjects of im
portance and interest to the miners will
be read. by persons who are recognized
as experts in their several lines. The
collection of essays will be an epitome
of modern mining methods as they. are
practiced in the pioneer gold-mining
State of California.
According to the Cripple Creek Times
the output of the Cripple Creek district
In October exceeded the total product
of September. The value of the ore
shipped was $2,043,900 for 61,850 tons.
The small cyanide plants treated a total
of 10,600 tons of ore containing values of
$49,900. '
MINERS' CONVENTION.
Dorado County, north of Georgetown,
will resume.
Large Movement in Oil Market
Banker Schiff and Englishmen of
Means Tour Coast.
ENGINEERS HEAKD EE0M
Improvement Association Is
Advised That Commis
sion Is. Again in Session
Congressional action having for Its
purpose the securing of an appropria
tion frum the. Government for the re
clamation of the inundated lands of the
Sacramento and San Joaquin basins
need not be long deferred. The exec
utive committee of the River Improve
ment and Drainage Association of Cal
ifornia has been. advised that the com
mission of engineers having this prob
lem in hand has reassembled at Sioux
City, Iowa, and. that its report may
be expected in December.
In connection with this work it has
been deemed advisable to secure the
best legal advice obtainable to look into
the present laws of- California and to
see what can be legally done In car
rying out the plans of tne engineers.
After careful consideration and inves
tigation and at the suggestion of the
executive committee of the River Im
provement and Drainage Association of
California the commissioner of publio
works appointed as legal advisers three
well known attorneys: Sheldon G. Kel
logg of San Francisco, A. L. Shlnn of
Sacramento and F. D. Nlcol of Stock
ton.
These attorneys are peculiarly fitted
for the work expected or them and
have already had a preliminary meet
ing with the executive committee. A
legal report will be had from the at
torneys in ample time, so that such
measures as are necessary may be pre
sented to the next Legislature. The
executive committee is gratified to find
that the interest in the movement of the
River . Improvement and Drainage As
sociation of California is maintained
and that the people generally are thor
oughly aroused to the necessity of
bringing about relief. California .will
be greatly benefited when the lands
tributary to the San Joaquin and Sac
ramento rivers are reclaimed.
The committee has also Deen in con
sultation with Mr. F. H. Newell, chief
engineer of the United States Geological
Survey and Mr. J. B. LJppincott, super
vising engineer of. the same service,
and the co-operation of this department
of the Federal Government Is assured.
When the president of the association
was in Washington he had an interview
with Secretary of War Taft, who ex
pressed himself as greatly interested
in the movement and gave assurance
of the hearty co-operation of. his de
partment.
The California delegation at Wash
ington is solid for river ; improvement
and drainage and with this united har
monious effort the success of the pres
ent movement undertaken by the River
Improvement and Drainage Associa
tion Is assured beyond doubt.
CALLS FOR CONVENTION.
California Water and Forest Associa
tion AMU Meet in December.
The annual convention of the Califor
nia Water and Forest Association has
been called to meet in this citv on
Friday, December 2. The convention
will assemble at 10:30 a. m. in the rooms
of the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce.
Reports of work done under the legis
lation secured by the association from
the last Legislature will .be presentedt
and plans for further work will be dis
cussed.
The approaching session of the Leg
islature makes the convention of high
importance to the irrigation and for
estry interests of the State, as it will
determine upon the legislation to be
pressed at Sacramento. A bill has been
prepared and will be submitted .to the
convention dealing with the problems
of preventing . forest fires, the extin
guishing of fires and the care of for
ested lands. The enormous losses each
year to the State and to owners of tim
ber land through conflagrations make
this bill one of great and immediate
importance. In its present form it pro
vides for a chief forester and assist
ants, and fire wardens in the various
districts.
The officers of the association are de
sirous that every county, city and dis
trict interested in the problems of for
est preservation as well as irrigation
send delegates to the convention in
structed to the wishes of the people in
regard to legislation.
Delegates are entitled to one and one
third fare for the round trip. They can
secure this by paying fare to San Fran
cisco, taking a receipt from the ticket
agent and having it indorsed by an of
ficer of the association identifying them
as delegates to the convention. • This
will^ entitle them to returrK at one-third
fare*.
SUPREME COURT GIVES '
DECISION TO RAILROAD
The Supreme Court has decided that
S.- W.* Elliott, gets nothing but ex
perience, martyrdom or other abstract
attribute in compensation for having
been ejected from a Southern Pacific
train. The plaintiff was awarded
$700 as balm for his wounded feelings
by a Superior Court Judgment, but
that decision is reversed by the high
er tribunal.
Elliott bought a ticket from Pleas
anton to San Francisco and return
July 1894. The ticket was void
after July 6 of that year. The plain
tiff attempted to return ' within the
time limit, but was unable to do so
on account of the famous "A. R. U.
strike." When Elliott did catch a
train to Pleasanton on August 13,
1904, the conductor took up the ticket
in question and threw j out the pas
senger at San Leandro. The . plaintiff
suffering from "serious physical and
mental injury" sought first aid from
his lawyer and commenced suit for
damages.
Lawyers Appointed to Aid
in Work of Eeclaiming
State's Inundated Lands
Auriferous Deposits Are to Be
Fully Prospected.
TALES OF WEALTH CAN NOW
BE HEARD IF MONEY TALKS
WILL PREPARE
DRAINAGE BILL
AMADOR GRAVEL BOOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
Adjutant General of Illinois Says Re
ports of Affair Have Been
Exaggerated-
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Nov. 25. — Ad
jutant General Scott returned to-day
from Zeigler and says that reports of
trouble there have been exaggerated.
No one was killed in the exchange of
shots between non-union miners and
strikers.
NO ONE KILLED IN LABOR
BATTLE AT ZEIGLER 3IINES
CINCINNATI, Nov. 25. — Joseph T.
Valentine, president of the Iron Mold
ers* Union of North America, was in
the Police Court to-day to answer to
the charge of aiding and abetting the
malicious destruction of property. The
hearing of Valentine was set for Mon
day next. The case of Thomas Brack
en, charged with complicity in the
murder of Weakly, . a non-union
molder, was set for tomorrow.
Case of Accused President of the
Iron Molders Set for Next
Monday, j
VALENTINE APPEARS
IN CINCINNATI COURT
CLEVELAND. Nov. 25.— Fifteen peo
ple were injured, three of whom will
die. as the result of a collision between
a fast southbound train on the Cleve
land and Pittsburg road and a trolley
car on the Northern Ohio Traction
line to-day at a crossing near Bed
ford The trolley car was struck by
the " passenger train while the latter
was running -fully ""? miles an houn
The t-olley car was cut completely
in two and the wreckage thrown sixty
or seventy feet to one side. The electric
car carried as passengers fourteen men
and one woman, all of whom were
more or less severely Injured.
Fifteen Persons Are Injured
in Ohio as Eesult of a
Collision at a Crossing:
come to the State Department from
Norton, the American Consul at Har
put, in a report upon the condition- of
the Salssun population in the Mush
district. The Consul says of the 10,
000 survivors of the recent massacre
few have saved anything but their
lives. Nearly every houso in the re
gion was ransacked and burned. x
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25. — A story
of sickness, hungrer and starvation has
Their Possessions Taken and Their
Homes Burned at Time of the
Massacre.
TRAIN CUTS
CAR IN TWO
THOUSANDS STARVING
IX TURKISH PROVINCE
4
SCOTTS EMULSIQX.
CONSUMPTION
Hope, fresh air* rest and
Scott's Emoisioa are the
greatest remedies tor co n-
scrmptkm. Scott's Emo-kion
will always bring comk>rt 2nd
relief — often care. Scott's
Emulsion does for die con-
sumptive what medicine alone
caaoot dot I t^s the nourish -
ment in h that takes the pa-
tient in long strides toward
health.
EOCrXT & BO4T»X. «*PoHd Street. Hew Twfc.
• ' ¦ " ' ' ' - ' ¦¦--''¦ "•'<¦¦, -.'¦.'. .""'""'¦. "' .-¦¦-"..¦¦¦.'".."""¦'*':.'¦¦- '^ .' .--.'- '¦ 1 a '"' ' - .-¦. " . ' » " ' - . " ¦
APVERTlSE31i£N TS. L
Free I . :¦-"•• Free I
Extraordinary Offer
• TO '¦' ..¦¦ ¦ ¦•V-7
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS- :,
1 o msKC trictr
Holiday Purchases in th'e Month of November
5- $25 .00 p— • • $7.50 h o ; f n^ Free
2r $jo-oo f— \ $3.00 f«
2T $5.00 f— . ; $1.50 ]^*3& F*e
Free $9 Cf) Pufchaje . 7£ c ™r*h °* tfg* Free
witii «4>^.3U 0 ** 1 • / Jt. you, OWQ choice x rcc .
Free ci fin Pufduie . 95c wotth of e**^ Free
with "r * #^^ rw « i * je • Z^/L* you, own choice * ircc
We want you to see our
Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
and Newest Creations
Elite Chinaware, Limoges China, French
China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware.
Novelties, and Dolls.
Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest,
Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected
from the Markets of the World.
Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
We want you to see our very reasonable prices*
We want you to come just to look.
Take advantage of this rcry liberal of leu
CUT HERE CUT HKRK
CUT OUT THIS COUPON, bring ft to any of out store* beforo
z December 10, 1904, and receive with each purchase as llstad n
x above a very handsome present of your own selection. 3
= SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Nov. 26 , J9O4 g
% Come jtot to look. g
u Bring this Coupon with you to any of our «tor eu
NOT COOP AFTtn DtCHMItH 1O. 1»QA ?
CUT HERE CUT HERE
Great American Importing Tea Co.
CITY STOSZSS:
861 Market it. 313 Sntter at. 705 Larkin rt. 2733 24th «t.
14O Sixth st. 3008 Fillmora rt. 146 Ntntlx rt. 206 Third rt.
475 Xalffht rt. 355 Hayes st. 62 Market rt. 469 Pcrarth st.
1819 Devisadero rt. 3006 Sixteenth rt. 531 Montsromery *ve. 366 Third at.
1419 Folk rt. 3285 Mission rt. 8516 Mission rt.
OABXAHS. ALAMEDA AND BERKELEY STOKES:
' i0S3 Washington rt. 1510 Seventh st. Berkeley, 2141 Center rt
1183 23d ave. 616 S. 12th st. Alameda. 1355 Park it.
STOKES X2T OTHER CITIES AND TOWNS:
San Jos* 123 S. First at. San Bernardino, 421 Third at. Long Beach. 220 Pine its,
Sacratrento. 426 K at. 8anta Barbara, 734 State mU Merced. 40S Main «t-
Barrnmento 804 J St. Eao Di-go. 922 Fifth st. NevadaClty. Fine stMas. bid*.
Santa Cruz 140 Pacific it*. 8anL.utsObUpo.-2»HiKuera»t. Rvdlands. IS E. State at.
Htucktcn 445 E. Main et. Tulare, Korn at., near K. 8anta Monica. 227 Third at
GUroy 13 N. Monterey st. Virginia City. 68 8. C st. Santa Ana. 2C9 E. FourtH *C
Los Gates. East Main at. Ventura. 208 Mala rt. Viwlia. 216 Mala st.
EanL#andro.SanLorenzoave. Crockett. ocdland. 535Maln st.
LonAntfelfs, 425S. Broadway. Lincoln. . Watsonrllle. 323 Mala st.
LcsAnn*les.2523Pasadena a». Winters. Brniclji 8 First at •
S«'t Lake "45 Main st. n^dwood City. Chico.Rlwy..b*t.3d 44th st».
Portland. SSI Washington st. Sutter Creek. CaraonCltj. Cars' n at.nr.iUa«.
Portland S3 First at Napa. 8 Main it- Brlgham City. Main at.
Seattle 908 Second av«. Pftaluma. S2S Main st. Modesto. 10th St.. bet. H * L
Seattle 30'* Pike st. St. Hel-na. Main at. Oroville. 308 Meyers st
Taror-a 937 C st S*nta Rosa. 411 Fourth st Provo. Academy are.
Br^kane 010 "craeus ave. Vallejo. 329 Georgia st. ParkCity.Maln st.Schl«!4s b«.
r£den 340 Twentv-flrth st Hay wards. But., bet. MalnAlst RedBluff.Maln & Oak stj.
pSversfl«ld 1513 19th st San Rafael. 823 Fourth st Salinas. 234 Mala st
F^Jno 1145 J r st Pasadeua. 190 E. Colorado st OregonCity.Mala st,«O.5th.
M^vsvMle 332 6 st Astoria. 671 Commercial st He-Udslurg.
VniSma 4V* W Second st Eugene, SO E- Ninth st. Placervill«.
n»Jfo 1» Commercial roV. Eureka, cor. Fifth and F sts. Ocean View.
£p£3'ln? 42 m MaTket st Grass Valley. 56 Mill at Calistoga
RfversMe,^31 Sim st Hanford. 209 K. Irwin at Sonoma.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help Yon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I rather like to meet
this fellow/' said
Golden Gate, "It's so
easy to make him see
stars-and planets, too."
Nothlnd does with GOLDE.N GATE
COFFEE but ••tlsf.ctto.. No
prize i bo co»poni-Bo crockery.
I «»d 2 Ib. .rom.-ttih, t | n ,.
Never sold in built. . / ,
J. A. Folger (& Co.
E«Ubllshed Kali* a Century
t San Francuco
carters! cche s ? ck je^ 0112 -
OpiTTLE Genuine Must Bear
SPILLS. -^ ~,Zp ~SAN JOSE, Nov. 25.— The Interurban
Short Line between this city and L05
Gatos is now in - operation as far as
Campbell. Cars were run for the first
time yesterday and are now, making
regular, trips. There will be through
service to Los Gatos within* a few
weeks.
Cars Running on Xcav Line.
Signing of the Treaty Puts an End
to the Lonff Standing *
Question.
' NEW YORK, Nov. 25. — News has
reached here of the signing of a treaty
between Peru and Brazil, looking to
the' peaceful settlement of the boun
dary dispute between the two nations
and the adjustment of claims arising
therefrom.
Welby Returns to Railroading.
. DENVER: Nov. 25.— Arthur Earl
Welby. was to-day appointed general
superintendent of the Rio Grande West
ern, to, succeed Joseph H. Young, re
signed. . Welby formerly held the ; posi
tion • to which > he is now reappolnted.
but 'retired about three years* ago and
has; since .been living on a ranch in
Southern California,
BRAZIL AND PERU SETTLE
THE BOUNDARY- DISPUTE
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 25.— Henry E.
Huntington in an interview to-day rel
ative to the alleged differences existing
between himself and E. H. Harriman
in the ownership and policy of'the Pa
cific Electric Railway Company said:
"Mr. Harriman and myself are in per
fect accord in all matters in which we
are Jointly Interested. . I am not worry
ing a bit. about the future, and you
can say that our work of construction
will go on uninterruptedly."
1 California Magnate Says He and Kail
road Kins Arc in Perfect
Accord.
HARRIMAN AND IIUNTI.VGTON
ARE OX FRIEXDLY* TERMS
Two Men Tnken Into Custody on the
Charge of Having Mnrdered 3Iis
' souri Woman.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Nov. 25.— George
W. Gay and his son, Lester Gay, were
arrested at the entrance to the ceme
tery near Agency, Mo., to-day, on the
charge, of murdering Mrs. George Gay,
wife and mother of the prisoners, last
Wednesday. The woman's throat was
cut. The father and son claim to have
found her,dead upon returning from the
field .. for dinner. Her body, had Just
been Interred when the Sheriff from St.
Joseph made the arrests.
ARRESTED WITH .JUS SOX
AT FirXERALOF HIS WIFE
A special originating in Laurel. Del.,
November 23, said the Judge Boyce
had been lost off the Delaware Cape3
arid her crew of ten men drowned.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 25. — The re
port that the schooner Judge Boyce
sank off the Delaware Capes on No
vember 15 and the crew drowned, Is,
according to the statement of Captain
Blair. 'off 1 - the schooner Marcus Muran,
untrue. The captain states that the
schooner Judge Boyce was at anchor
in the Kennebec river on the night of
November 14.
the Atlantic Const Is Now
Denied.
Story That She Had Gone Down on
No man can be happy all to himself.
A jcreat Intent makes for noble con
tent.
SCHOONER JUDGE BOYCE
REPORTED TO BE SAFE
SAN JOSE. Nov. 25.— Charles Caton,
aged SS years, to-day brought suit to
recover $15,000 from his son. F. E. Ca
ton.; who is president of a large local
co-operative .'foundry company. The
father alleges that he was violently as
saulted on two occasions within the last
year by his son. and also that the latter
recently caused his arrest and impris
onment on a false charge of insanity.
Makes Clinrges Against Son.
When the Iris was on the sandbar
the passengers and crew jumped out
and stood waist-deep in the water for
more than half an hour before they
were picked up by a fishing steamer.
They suffered considerably from cold
and exposure. The steamer was valued
at about $20,000.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 23. —The
steamship Iris, running between Van
couver and Texada Island, sank to-day
near the mouth of this harbor under
peculiar circumstances. She was out
ward bound with six passengers, and
was fighting a Ftrong rising tide. Op
posite Prospect Point the tide was run
ning very swiftly through the narrows
and forced the Iris over to the oppo
site shore, where she grounded on a
sandbar with a list to starboard. Water
broke over her and she began to
fill. A freak of the tide floated her off
the sandbar, but she soon sank in
twenty fathoms of water.
Steamship Iris. Oocs to the Bottom j
After Grounding on Sandbar
Xear Vancouver. ;
CHICAGO, Nov. 25.— The report that
the Union Pacific has purchased the
Chicago Great "Western Railroad was
reiterated this ¦ afternoon with such
positiveness and . circumstantial evi
dence in its'favor that it received gen
eral acceptance. The deal, which has
been pending for some time, was said
to have been closed, and the Chicago
Great Western will shortly lose its iden
tity as an independent road and either
ba wholly absorbed by the Union Pa
cific itself or distributed piecemeal
among the Easterir connections of that
system. .
tribute It Among Eastern
Connections.
Will Either Absorb It Wholly or Dis-
PASSENGERS LEAVE SHIP
AND WATCH HER SINK
UXION PACIFIC TAKES OVER
CHICAGO GREAT WESTERN'
HONOLULU, Nov. 25. — In the trial
to-day of Stephen Mahaulu, formerly
Secretary of the Department of Pub- j
lie Lands, on the charge of embez- '
zllng the funds of the land office. At- '
torney F. E. Thompson, for the de- !
fense, objected to the testimony of \
Territorial Auditor J. H. Fisher re- '
garding the alleged embezzlement on .
the ground that Governor Carter is
reported to hold the undated resig- ;
nation . of Auditor Fisher and that]
therefore Fisher is not Auditor of the •
Territory. \
Attorney Thompson secured a sub- |
pena ordering Governor Carter to
bring: into court the undated resigna- '
tion of Auditor Fisher. Governor Car- |
ter sent his compliments to the court, i
but did not obey the summons on the j
grounds of public policy and stress of !
business. Circuit Judge Gear then j
cited Governor Carter to appear next j
Monday and answer to the charge of j
contemot of court. i
Refuses to Obey Summons to Appear
and Is Then Cited for i
Contempt. ;
The alarm was immediately given and
an officer arrested the thief before he
had succeeded in leaving town. When
brought before the Justice this morn-
Ing he pleaded ignorance of what he
had done, saying that he was intoxicat
ed at the time. He will be held for
further trial.
COLFAX, Nov. 25.— Quite a little
excitement • was created along Front
street this morning at an early hour
by r. hold-up man. A well-dressed
stranger walked into the saloon and
gambling house owned by Keck &
Welsh, And. atter ordering drinks for
all present, entered into a poker game
with a number of men. After induc
ing them to show all the money they
had in tholr possession Le coolly drew
a big revolver and ordered them to
throw" troir hands up. He coolly
raked th£ monry from the table into
his pocket and backed out of the sa
loon.
Purser Walton of the Sierra reports
that on the morning of November 11 the
wind backed to the south and increased
to a heavy gale» with a terrific high sea
running during the day. The wind grad
ually veered to the westward, blowing
very hard in squalls, the ship laboring
heavily and taking tremendous seas
over the bow. At 12 o'clock noon sh«
shipped a terrific sea forward, which
washed the cargo booms out of their
lashings and also started the hatch
battens on No. 1 hatch. It washed one
of the plugs out of the ventilator pipe
on the port side forward, broke the
flagpole off at the stem of the ship and
did other minor damage.
The gale continued to blow, with high
seas, until November 13. when it mod
erated. On November 14 and 13 there
was a very heavy sea from the north
west, with very little wind, the sea run
ning so high that it was almost break-
Ing on the crest, causing the ship to
roll heavily. From November 15 to port,
there was fine weather, with a light
breeze.
HONOLULU, Nov. 19.— The Oceanic
Company's steamship Sierra had rough
weather on her trip from San Francis
co, whence she sailed on November 10,
a dav after the Doric. However, she
arrived here only a few hours after the
Doric.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GOVERNOR CARTER DEFIES j
THE COURT IX HONOLULU j
Stranger in a Poker Game
Gets Players' Money on a
Table and Helps Himself
Despite the High Seas She
3Iakes Good Time on the
Bun to Hawaiian Isles
SIERRA MEETS
ROUGH WEATHER
NOVEL SCHEME
OF A BANDIT
Lewis, does not think, the .Japanese
will ever take Port Arthur,' although
the Japanese themselves.; he • says/; are
just ' as . sure • : of . doing it as .< If ., the
Lewis does not believe that Japan
will be able to stand the financial
strain of a much longer continued war,
and he expresses the conviction that
ultimate Russian success is a'certainty.
As an evidence of Japanese confi
dence in the success of the Mikado's
arms Lewis spoke of .the calm assur
ance with which the little brown war
riors had programmed the campaign.
To such an extent has this been carried
out that as soon as the Japanese had
control of the railroad from Dalny, to
Port Adams they printed ' a : stock of
tickets covering the . system as 'far. as
Mukden.
RUSSIA WILI; SUCCEED.
Lewis was with the Japanese forces,
and it was as a result of his pluck and
enterprise that the New York Herald
and the San Francisco Call were able
to give to the world the first news of
the battle of Liaoyang. Lewis says that
the Japanese people are 'getting very
weary of the expense of the war. In
the first enthusiasm at the outbreak of
the war, he says, everybody wanted to
turn over all his money to the Govern
ment and to bind himself to pay more
as he earned it. It is different now.
The first popular loan, which was float
ed at a few per cent below par, was
nearly all subscribed by the populace.
The money kings of the land were sane
and safe in their patriotism, and when
the people rushed in to buy they stood
aside and reserved their coin for' the
second loan, when the bonds could be
secured at a much lower figure. '
Few of the original subscribers to the
first loan, 6ays Lewis, are now holding
the bonds. After making one or two
payments they turned over the obliga
tion to some more patriotic neighbor.
Many of the bonds have been, trans
ferred several times, and in many cases
the holder has been obliged to pay his
little brown brother to take the bonds
off his hands. The banks and big cor
porations took most of the second loan,
and the bonds of a third loan, Lewis
Qeclares, are moving very slowly.
WITH JAPANESE FORCES.
According to W. H. Lewis, a New
York Herald-San Francisco Call war
correspondent, who returned from the
Orient yesterday on the iiner Korea,
the Japanese have included the gentle
art of counterfeiting in their plans for
the confounding cf the Russian hosts.
The Trans-Siberian Railroad has all it
can do to carry troops and supplies of
food and ammunition without hauling
the trains of treasure necessary to fin
ance the big campaign if all disburse
ments were made in coin. Paper money,
therefore, is the only medium of ex
change circulating among the Czar's
tioops, and all purchases in Manchuria
are paid for in the ruble bills issued by
the Russian Government. Chinese and
others who have had dealings with
the Russians have grown to prefer this
convenient form of money to hard cash.
In order to discredit the Russian paper
money the Japanese have flooded the
country in which the Russians are op
erating with base imitations of these
royal promises to pay. The counterfeits
are so cleverly made that even the
Russian army paymasters have accept
ed some of them. The Japanese leaven
is working, and the Chinese merchants
are beginning to look askance at all
paper money.
Family Refuses to Discuss the Cxsc,
Saying That Ills Explanation Is
Entirely Satisfactory."
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 25. — Stephen Put
ney Jr., the son of a wealthy Rich
mond (Va.) shoe manufacturer, re
turned to-day to the Hamilton Hotel,
where his brother, Langhorne Putney,
is stopping, in company with a friend
of the family, who had been sent to
Kansas City to get him. His family
refuse to discuss his return, saying
that his explanation of his absence is
satisfactory and that they desire no
more publicity of the af'air.
Young Putney, when he so suddenly
disappeared, had with him jewels val
ued at more than $1000. and less than
$100 in money.
It was learned to-day that Putney
enlisted at the United States recruit
ing station in thi«s city last Monday,
giving his age as 21 years. He was as
signed to the artillery service and re
quested that he be stationed at St.
Louis. He left for Jefferson Barracks,
near St. Louis, on Tuesday. R. N.
Williams and R. T. Hancock, a cousin
and friend of Putney's, who were in
Kansas City conducting the search for
him, started for St. Louis late to-day,
upon receipt of a telegram announcing
that he had returned there.
W. H. LEWIS AND ROBERT DCNN.
WAR CORRESPONDENTS. WHO
RETURNED YESTERDAT
YOUXG PITNEY RETURN'S
AFTER NINE DAYS' ABSENCE
Mikado's flag was now floating above
the innermost fort.
Accompanying Lewis on the liner was
Robert Dunn, also a New York news
paper man. Dunn was thrown from a
horse in Tokio and broke his foot. Com
plications set in, and he has come home
to have his crippled member treated by
an American surgeon.
James Archibald of this city, who has
done some work in the Orient for Col
lier's, was a passenger on the Korea.
The Snowden family favors Shep- •
ard, who is represented by Attorney L. j
I.. Chamberlain and Le» E.Wallace. The '
estate is variously estimated at from j
*30,0u0 to $50,000. It consists of real j
c-state in Oakland and many mortgages J
or. ranches in the vicinity cf Auburn, j
There is much speculation as to j
Weber's defense. It is assumed that ;
insanity wi!l be the plea. To a Call !
reporter to-day Mrs. Snowden said j
there was no insanity on either side of I
the family as far back as she- knew i
anything about. Weber has no rela
lives living in this country; they are !
all in Germany. Mrs. Websr's people i
live in Sonora, this State.
Webei's attorneys have made no ef- j
fort to have him admitted to bail. ;
thinking It would be a useless attempt, i
It is Intimated, however, that a change !
of venue will be asked for when the |
case is called in the Superior Court. ;
Those who are familiar with legal pro- j
ceriure Ao nor expect the case will be \
tr^n^fer'ed. Considering the enormity i
of the crime with which the defendant j
is charged, there has been but little i
open bitterness displayed, and the peo- !
pie are willing to abide by the result '
of the trial. •• ¦
AUBURN, Nov. 25. — Adolph Weber
refused dinner again to-day. It is now
believed that if he was placed in sol
itary confinement and denied callers
for a few days his defiant manner
would soon change. He certainly
shows some signs of the mental strain
he is under. There is no truth in the
report that he has mr.de any sort of
an admission that would count against
him. There have been rumors of a
confession, but there has been none.
Weber still sticks to the same story
that he told Sheriff Keena and Cor
oner Sbepard tha morning after the
murder and later at the Coroner's in
quest. Weber's story of the route he
took on the night of the tragedy has
been contradicted by Misr, May Clark,
and his statement that he carried his
litUe brother out of the burning fire
has been shown to be untrue by
George Ruth, Clarence Geear. A. S.
Fleming. James Kenison and Guy L#u
kens. The rest of his story has not
been contradicted.
To-day has boen a very quiet day
!n the Weber case. There have been
no startling developments. Sheriff
Keena has not yet returned from San
Francisco, where he went in search
of the person who sold the fatal pistol.
The blood-stained waistcoat is still
missing and Vice President Lubeck's
offer of $1000 reward has not brought
him the stolen bank money.
Ben P. Tabor, one of Weber's coun
sel, is in San Francisco, and it is un
derstood he has secured the service of
Hiram W. Johnson for the defense.
Attorney Samuel J. Pullen has with
drawn from the defense of Weber. He '
will, however, look after the Weber i
estate for John Adams, guardian of
the accused youth. The contest for
control of the estate comes up next
Monday, when Adams will seek let- ,
ters of administration, opposing Pub- j
lie Administrator Shepard. who was
appointed special administrator by j
the court. >
Special Dii^atch to The Call
tate of Murdered Man to Be
Waged by Public Aminis
trator and Boy's Guardian
Legal Fight for Control of Es-
"Say," he cried, "you nave get me
wrong. I never shot that man. I never
carried a gun in my life."
Felton was later arraigned in the Po
lice, Court and held without bail for
examination next Sunday. Should
Roche die before Sunday the prisoner
will be taken immediately before a
magistrate and remar.cec to the Coro
ner.
The police believe that the trouble
between Roche and Felton, which cul
minated in the shooting, arose over
a woman, who had transferred her af
fections from Roche to Felton.
The officers tried to put Felton
through a third degree inquisition. Sud
denly in the midst of it Felton broke
his silence:
To-day Roche, after the physicians
had told him that he had practically
no chance for recovery, consented to
have Felton brought before him and
said that he would idenriry him as the
man who fired the shot. When the
prisoner was brought to the wounded
man's bedside Riche said:
"Yes," Frank shot me, but he was
justified. I would have done the same
to him."
Roche later told the Coroner he had
told Felton that he was going: to shoot
him and walked away to get a gun.
He returned In a few minutes and as
he approached Felton he put his hand
to his hip pocket to draw the weapon
he says he had secured. At this move
ment, Roche told the coroner, Felton
drew his revolver and flred two shots
at him.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— Guy Roche,
the gambler, who was shot last evening
on Broadway near Thirty-fifth street
while the sidewalks were crowded with
persons leaving the theaters after the
matinees, is still alive. It was said at
the New York hospital that he might
live some time, but that there is small
chance of his recovery.
The arrest of Stewart A. Feltc-n,
known also by several other names,
charged with the shooting, was one of
the quickest cases of the kind ever
managed by the police. In one pocket
of Felton's clothes was a roll of 52900
in bills of large denomination. The
prisoner showed absolutely no concern
over- his arrest. Police Captain Cot
trell declared Felton to- be one of the
worst men he ever had to deal with in
the precinct, and that Roche was equal
ly bad.
Twice within the last three months
Felton has been a prisoner, each time
for assaulting a woman, once with a
cane. While the police thought this
woman might have been the cause of
the shooting, they say there was an old
feud between the gamblers and that
Felton had been pursued several times
to various cities by Roche, who had
threatened his life, and that Felton
finally had him arrested. Later the
men became reconciled and were walk
ing along Broadway w:tTi a .third man,
who escaped in a cab, when the shoot
ing 1 took place. ¦
INSANITY PLEA 3IAY
BE USED BY DEFExXSE
Fact That She Had Trans
ferred Love to Felton
Ma} r Have Caused Quarrel
WOMAN IX THE CASE
Accused Youth Again Re
fuses to Eat. and Though
He Is Still Defiant Evi
dence of Strain Is Showing
Use Forgery as Weapon of War
Roche No Longer Hopes for
Revenge, but Says He Got
Only What He Deserved
FOOD SENT
WEBER IS
UNTOUCHED
JAPANESE IMITATE
RUSSIAN CURRENCY
TAKES BLAME
FOR SHOOTING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. 'NOVEMBER 2G. 1904.
5
•'¦_ : V_; ";.; ¦;___- AD\^ERTlSEarEIVTS.
1^^^^ Nickel-plated top and bass, Russia
|&|J||||| iron filling; has spreader in top
PW^^l to diffuse the heat; thoroughly
ff^yy^^j well made.
?4S-2J»GEnnrs» owihesovare
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL: ADS.
A BOX
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
of the
HIGHEST QUALITY
TOILET SOAK
Your Choice of Four .Odors.
Free With ¦ Every Small Ad in
; / Sunday Call. /.
See Small" Ad Page for; Further
: "Particulars.
J MUSICAL.
I0W IRE 100
OFF FOR CASH?
Can We Xot Interest You?
We Think We Can— Meet
Us Face to Face— Well
Talk It Over.
?
IF YOU HAYE 3I0XEY,
WE W|S| TO BUY IT
We Will Give You Forty Per
Cent »3I ore Piano for Yonri
Money To-Day Than the!
3ioney Is Worth-" And
Thereby Hangs a Tale."
listen I
»
We have a fifteen days' c-ption on a
line of piaaos that tve are negotiating |
fcr tu take the place of tne "Weber" j
lire, which we ;mfortur.ate]y have lost, j
o-a.-nis to th£ consolidation of the Pian- j
ola axd Trc-bcr ccr^paxies; thereby re- j
quiring the handling c-f the two Instru- 1
raeni5 by one deaJer in tnis city in-
5T«*sd af nro. &s heretofore.
Tbe lise we are negotiating for will t
Rive- U5 a large zni exclusive territory, !
coxe-TirLS almost the em:re Coast, and \
involves a trar.saction of J90.CKW), re- j
<2uzr:iig about PC.000 Immediate cash. I
Tc raise this asii-unt of money in flf- j
teen days, througrh retail mercantile |
f-aExact£o:E»- — <s.Ed fifteen days is the .
liizli) it require? almost superhuman j
clon. ai:d even though we have thrown j
on the narket a warerooTn full of fine ,
pbUKMb including c-ver sixty of the cele- ;
br&ted Weber — one of the grandest pi- i
inns ever produce 3 — a piano of class; ;
a piano that appeals to people of re- j
Jir.rnieTSt and cleans; yet It Is a bis !
urderrakisg. considering: the shortness :
ol time-, and v. e are still on the anx- j
i-'us seat.
Oan we sell 112,900 -sverth of these ex- ¦
•ceilcnt instnurients in wo days at an :
average discount 'or cash of more than j
t'2<ni apiece? We hope so; if \re can.
then this cash pale is over, and "we shall
r.«ver ag-aic fc-el iccHnetl to balk at ap- !
parent impossibilities.
We do not want to create the irnpres- I
Eion here that this superb instrument ¦
can be boasht, even in this sale, for i
the price of a Iotv grade, or stencil i
piano, for they cannot.
The Weber Piano costs a lot of j
money, but it's worth a lot of money.
There are piaros scrld every day on '¦
this v'oast for $375 and $400, which do
not cost at the factory one-half the ;
price of a Weber; but we will sell you 1
a WebT Piano to-day for; well — come !
and see. To name it here in black and :
white wo^ld be to dt» !ts manufactur- ¦
era an Injustice. A concern who can
bnfld so fine c piano as the "Weber"
deserves a better, fate, ard we must ;
eves speak it softly in the ear of a 1
ready buyer, with cash In hand.
And the '-Weber" is not all — We have
Other fine makes. The "Wheeiock" and '
••Frjyvesar.t," all built by the Weber
concern— from whom no inferior instru- ¦
rr.er.ts ever come. They cost us less
th^n the Weber, and just so much less ¦
a.« they cost £t the factory than the ,
Weber, j-:st bo much Jess can they be
had i~ this sa'e. •*¦
Everything in the Weber line must gv
at once, and for cash.
We were never before in a position
to offer such instruments at such
prices, and do not recall an instance
where any other piano house has ever
been able, inclined, or forced, to offer :
their patrons fo much for so little.
We will do our best to bear out these !
impressions, and keep faith with our :
advertisements.
W*» need your money — And if you j
n*»ed a piano, you r.^ed a good one: and
if you are in line for such, then don't \
pats up the "Weber," but come and
s r e us without delay, and we will sell I
you one for a price at which no man ,
can iive and seil piar.es. We are nut j
desperate, but we are anxious.
Store open till 11 o'clock to-night, at <
12C Geary etreet.
CLARK WISE & CO.
A. A. Fisher, Manager. I
SHAVE WITH A J
Gillette Safety I
Evtry Day In the Ycar^*
Thousands of men are using Oil- '
Wu> Safety Hazr>rs and refuse to j
nan any othrr kind. No stropping qr i
j .hcnir.s r«v^uired. Prie<» So.OO.
•rszi STAC SA7ETT is a conven- i
; Sert and excellent Razor, also. Price
I redurod from $2.00 to gtl.Uri.
STA7T25AXD S&ZOSS — Good one*,
j us iov; ay Sl.OO.
?OCErT EHIVES — At various ;
I prices, in isrc3t variety of high-j?rade '
makes, styles and Some ex- ;
c»ll<»rt onfs as low a* J81.OO-
PJ^IOS STUOPS that you can de-
pend on. TTio up.
2 bars Williams' Shaving Soap, i
i !.%<•-
Razors ground and honed. Honing. 5
Mail r-rdcrs filled promptly.
fTHAT AUN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
jj 10O8 TIAEKrT STREET. Opp. Fifth, j
jj SAN FRANCISCO. !
(Jvicit DR. JORDAN'S great d
HlUSEBS OF flflflTOHY?
V © i:7 ' '^ :xzi K. fctt. 6tt*7i, 3.r.Cil A
\ -I L«rrr« Autosucal Mmtm in the \
'' /-"HZ-*. ? Ot ' <1 U "* t "**» •' *-r cnotr.o-d A
' K^SRj?! *•¦«•*« y tti«oldtil X
A h%B*iQ CR « J0K3AK-0'SEASES OF KEH A
> t'VWW U Cov»>%tutam free »nd »tri'«y nr<»«t». "v
0 I )?«[' Tr«.n»ern r er-&n»: ? or bv t*-.«er. A Q
\ R If VI B P—>*— Cwrt m jrery c«r;t iradrrtaim. V
v • U jl* n*nBi»ci.; mail«i> r*E«. (AY
/ <1 U- "iJi*t : e book lot ami \
V ta. JUCDIS 4CO.. IKl MarV-HSt-.S. F. Q
Gonorrlioca and Urinary Discharges.
v»£f M J Sst IS Vck
A CURE IS 48 HOURS. •'
.r^s^r^^^. ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
AWARDED TO
¦ -
AT THE -
The Leader for
124 Years
The highest award ever given in this Country
§You may know the gen-
uine goods by this trade-
§l mark on every package.
Highest
Awards in
H Europe
K and
=»* - America.
TRADE MARK.
Our new illusirated Recipe Book sent free. Wrrte to
Established 1780. Dorchester, Mass.Thirty-two players entered the boys'
tournament and there were only three
defaults. Two players. R. Strachan
and Harold Gatz, reached the semi
finals, while four others will have
to fight it out for the two remaining
places in this round. The scores:
First round--X; Abbott beat n. Brunn by de
fault ;.M. McLouRhlln best G. Bradbury by de
fault: ¦ I,. I^?vlrts6n b«at 'T. Stewart »i-2.: 6-°-
H. Corbly beat O. Gunst. 6-4,- 6-1; !e.' Eastcn
Two tennis tournaments were play
ed yesterday on the courts at Golden
Gate Park. One was a handicap
singles for women, and the other a
scratch doubles for members of the
Golden Gate Junior Club. Miss Lulu
Wegener and Miss Sarita Van Vliet
reached the finals and will/play off
Tuesday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
Miss Wegener and Miss Van ¦ Vllet
Reach the Finals and Will Meet
Next Tuesday.
TWO TOURNAMENTS TAKE
PLACE ON PARK COURTS
A football team of the Twenty-first
Infantry, the champions of the Pre
sidio, will meet an ¦ eleven composed
of members of the hospital corps at
the Presidio athletic grounds this
afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Football at the Presidio.
ALAMEDA, Nov.' 25.— Paul K. Buckley has
returned from Tonopah and Ogden, where she
spent three > months.
.. Mrs. James Fowler Is home from a visit to
relatives in Iowa and Illinois.
Miss Carrie Pratt of the Free Library staff
Is back from Honolulu. She passed a vacation
of four weeks In the Hawaiian Islands.
Friday, Nov. 25.
Stmr Despatch, Weber, SO hours from Port
land.
Stmr Gi:>sy, Gray, 29 hours from Monterey.
, .OUTSIDE BOUND. IN— MIDNIGHT.
| Br ship Belford. from Newcastle, Aus; schr
William Renton, from Astoria.
— SPOKEN.
At Grays Harbor. Nov 25. schr Ottilie
Fjord, from Santa Barbara — On Nov 16 spoke
a vc-ss>-l 8 P m, lat 42 30. long 12S 30, nailing
northeast: had only three email sails and wants
: assistance.
DOMESTIC "PORTS.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Nov 25 — Stmr Santa
Mocica. hence Nov 22; schr William F Wltie*
| marn, from San Pedro: schr JohnA' Campbell,
hence Nov 13;, schr A F Coats, hence Nov 18.
' ¦ ' ', FOREIGN PORTS. '
VICTORIA— Pawd out Xov 25 — Ger *tmr
Memph's. from BellinKham. for ¦ Comox; Br
stmr Wyefield, from Nanaimo, for San.Fran
cisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.: .
NEW YORK — Arrived Nov - 25— Stmr La
Savcle. from Havre; stmr Glulla, from Trieste
and Messina. •'TBtfftlflUBW)
; QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr L.U
car.ia. from New York, for Liverpool; stmr
Cymric, from Beaton, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. . ¦¦ • •_ .
MAPLES — Sailed Nov 22 — Stmr Germ»nla,
for New York. Nov 2J — Stmr Heckar. for
Nev.v York. .
-SUEI5 — Arrived Nov. 20 — Stmr Oanfa, from
Taooma, via Yokohama, Honskongr and Ba'
tavla. for Livenxwl.
LIVEKPOOIz-^-Salled Nov C5— Stmr Georgie.
for New York. '
¦ -, •;, ¦ , — ¦ ? « — ;
To vote in Dublin one must occupy,
at least a room at a certain rental," and
| the " law; 'authorities have decided -that
the' room the voter occupied must 'have
I a, Moo iy PorUeres Will not suffice.
A woman doesn't like to be flattered
because she thinks she needs it.
OAKLAND. Nov. 25. — The Police
Commissioners directed Chief Hodg
kins to remodel the method of hand
ling property taken from prisoners in
the City Prison, that a perfect check
shall be placed upon the officers. The
board considers the system in use ob
solete.
Guarding Prisoners* Property.
No Kin of Judge Prcwett.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— A story origi
nating here on the 23d inst. concerning
a young woman who had figured in
three divorce cases referred to her as
the granddaughter of Judge J. E. Prew
ett of Auburn. ' The statement has
caused much, amusement' among, the
friends of the' Judge inasmuch as he
has only one granddaughter, a pretty
little miss of three years, of whom he
is very proud. The woman of many
divorce experiences is no relation of the
Judge. ¦"¦".' '- r: .'
The rubber -exported from .the Ama
zon "River in . the season of .1903:01
3TT. n uricd to 67.311,118 pounds
Concert by Church Choir.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25. — A concert for
the benefit of the First English Luth
eran Church music fund will be given
Friday evening, December 2, at Koh
ler & Chase Hall under the direction
of Mrs. C. D. "Stacy, choir director.
Members of the choir will take part.
Among the soloists will be Mra. H. M.
White, soprano; N. W. Pendteton,
tenor; Lowell Redfleld, barytone, and
F. H. Oates, barytone, formerly of
London, England, and Denver. The
Emerson male quartet will give sev
eral numbers. The v nrogramme will
include several instrumental -solos.
Saloon Man Commits Suicide.
POINT RICHMOND, Nov. 25.— The
body of J. F. Ward, pr6prietor of the
National saloon, was found at noon
to-day in a sand pile two miles south
of town by L. L. Hudson, Foster Cann
and Ross Calfee. Ward had committed
suicide by cutting his wrist .with a
pocket knife. Ward had been 'de
spondent from ill-health. He'/ was
missed this morning, not having opened
his saloon.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland, Nov. 25.
— The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Frank Souza, 23,
and Rczaria Rezendes, 17, both of Centerville:
Basil. O. Williams. '21, San Francisco.' and
Belle s-trlekland. 23, Berkeley; Charles Runs*,
37. San Franclsso, and Ann - M. Cullom, ¦¦21,
B<*rkel«?y. . • ¦ • . -¦ ¦ •
When some people eat breakfast food
they give .a realistic imitation ; v of .;• a
grain elevator in operation"
LATE V SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BERKELEY, Nov. 25. — Plans for
the big seaside biological laboratory,
which the citizens of San Diego are
to erect at La Jolla, have been com
pleted by John Galen Howard, super
vising architect of the university, and
by him forwarded for approval to the
Southern California Association that
has undertaken the work. Actual
building will be commenced as soon
as the plans are approved.
The building is to cost about $30,
000 if brick and cement covering is
used, this being the architect's choice
of materials. Care has been taken In
drawing the plans to make the struc
ture complete and suitable for the
long series of tasks ahead of those
who intend to use the building in re
search work. *
. On* the basement floor are storage,
pickle and boat rooms. The storage
rooms will probably be used', as a
preparateur's room;;' with 'flues* to car
ry off' a"ny- unpleasant. odors. The of
fices will Ve on the first floor, with
the library and five laboratories— one
physical and chemical, one geological
and three biological. These rooms
will be arranged along the walls, leav
ing an oblong space 55x24 feet in the
center, where the fauna of , the ocean
will be exhibited.
Individual research laboratories will
be on the second floor, with separate
rooms for each student. If necessary
two persons can be put in each of the
fifteen rooms.
Architect John Galen Howard For
wards Drawings to San Diego for
New Laboratory Structure.
This board will examine the proposi
tion made by the company to furnish
the city with an adequate water sup
ply. It will go over the water sheds
acquired by the company and examine
the sites of proposed reservoirs and
pass upon the feasibility of the en
gineering problems that are presented.
OAKLAND, Xov. 25.— The City Coun
cil to-night took further steps toward
bringing the Bay Cities Water Com
pany** proposition to furnish the city
with 20,000,000 gallons of water daily
before the people, by the appointment
of City Engineer F. C. Turner to
represent the city on the board of ex
amining engineers. The Bay Cities
Company, through its general manager,
C. N. Beal, promised that it would ap
point Its representative Monday. Pres
ident William Tevls, it was stated,
would return from Bakersfleld on Mon
day and an hour would suffice for the
selection of its man, when the two en
gineers thus chosen will be at liberty
to choose the third, ana thus complete
the examining board.
Board of Examiners to Look Into Bay
QUes Water Company
Prooosal.
PLANS COMPLETED FOR
BIOLOGICAL BUILDING
ENGINEER TURNER WILL
REPRESENT THE CITY
Although he was active in the man
agement of the Contra Costa Water
Company, former Senator Moflfltt had
never had large holdings in the stock.
At one time he owned a few shares,
but at the time of his death had none.
His wealth is largely in high class se
curities. He -owned little real estate
outside of his residence site at Eight
eenth and Filbert streets.
The honorary pallbearers have
been selected, as follows: William J.
Dingee, Judge William P. Lawlor,
Warren B. English, William E. Dar
gie, James V. Coleman, Garret Mc-
Enerney, Philip M. Walsh, Robert
McKillican, George W. Baker, Freder
ick S. Stratton, Thomas- H. William*,
George Hazelton, M. J. Layraance and
Thomas E. Hansen.
OAKLAND, Xov. 25.— Funeral ar
rangements for Frank J. Moffitt have
been completed. Public services will
be held at St. Francis de Sales Church
commencing at 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning.
eral of Former State Senator
Frank J. Moffltt.
Arrangements in Hand for the Fun-
PROMINENT MEN TO
ACT AS PALLBEARERS
Before a fashionable gallery the
Whites defeated the Reds in the first
of a series of polo games yesterday at
the Burlingame Country Club's
grounds. The field was in fine condi
tion and a more perfect day could not
be had for such sport. The score was
6 to 4. The game was one of the fast
est played on this field. It consisted
of six ten-minute periods and from
beginning to end was full of dash and
brilliant plays. The players opened
the game up with unusual vim. Both
sides worked hard for a goal in the
opening period, but the end came
without a score being tallied.
The second period had hardly begun
when the Reds, through a series of
clever strokes, scored a goal. This
had the effect of making the Whites
play harder and before the period
ended Cyril Tobin, with the assistance
of his team mates, scored two goals.
Charley Dunphy did some especially
fine work in riding off Tobin, a de
partment of the game in which he has
no superiors.
The Whites increased their lead in
the succeeding rounds until the sixth,
when the Reds were within a point
of tying the score. They appeared
the stronger, but the Whites pulled
themselves together in the last five
minutes of play and worked the ball
up the field, when Dunphy drove a
placed ball through the goal for the
final tally. *
Thomas A. Driscoll of the Whites
played a brilliant game, his ability in
taking the ball and nursing it down
the field being a clever exhibition. He
succeeded in scoring two goals for his
side. Following was the makeup of
the teams:
Whites — J. Lawson, C. Dunphy, C.
Tobin, T. A. Driscoll.
Reds — L. McCreery, R. M. Tobin,
F. D. Hudson, J. O. Tobin. Umpire —
E. J. Coleman. Timekeeper — C. W.
ciaVk: ,-'^: : >
Both Sides Are in Excellent Form
and Many Brilliant Plays
Are Made.
WHITES DEFEAT THE REDS
IX FAST GAME OF POLO
Mrs. W^ A. Schrock Is preparing to enter
tain her card club in a delightful and unique
manner. . Th» manner therof 1st a secret yet.,
however, and those fortunate enough to be of
the party ¦ are pleasantly expectant. Mrs.
Schroclc is noted for the originality of her en
tertainments and her guests are sure to enjoy
a memorable day.
Another Interesting card club met last Wed
nesday at the \>rnon street hi/me of the K^ J.'
Cottons. This club Includes among Its mem
bers .Tudge Henry Melvin and Mra. Melvin. Mr.
and Mrs. Edwin Griffith. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
H. Lovell. Mr. and Mrs. George F. Borne
rnann, Mr. aud Mrs. Frederick B. Dallam,
Mr. and Mrs. de Vero McLaren. Mr. and Mrs.
G. R. Lukens. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Stolp.
Mrs. L. L. Bromwell. Miss Margaret Mathehs
and Mr. and Mrs. Shelby Martin.
Mrs. V. A. Merguire entertained the Vernon
Club 'his week, among her guests being: Mra.
M. L. Broadwell, Mrs. J. W. Bassford. Mr.
and Mrs. B. N. tie Leon. Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Parrott. Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Sawyer, Mr. and
Mrs. T. C. Shankland, Mr. and Mrs. Howard
Whltehead and C'hirles Skinner.
MiEs Leila Evans gave a small Informal tea
to-day, a few guests being invited to meet
her sister, Mrs. Holnbi-d o* Los Angeles.
At the doll show next week the "living ad
vertisement pictures" promise to be a delight
ful feature of th» bazaar and if present plans
materialize the whole affair will surpass any
thing yet given.
,One beautiful thing about this great annual
charity affair ia the keen interest children
take in It. many of them working in various
ways to add to the West Oakland Home fund.
Last Monday a number of little girls con
ducted a fair for the benefit of the home at
the residence of Mra. D. B. Chase on Peralta
street. They were both amazed and delighted
when they discovered that they had cleared $52.
There were all kinds of booths, beautifully
decorated with smtlax, red lanterns and red
crtpe paper, and among th» busy little • at
tendants \vere Alma Kahn. Hazel Chase, Mar
guerite Bachrech, Gladys Baker. Laura Wellly,
Laura* Kahn, Ulta Lul^Iski, Hazel Samuels,
Rosalind Magnes, Clau\tne Jones and Etta
Schrock.
Mrs. Harry William* is rehearsing a dozen
young girls in two bright little farces, "Daisy
Dell" and "Mlas Peggy's Dream." Misses
Muriel Williams, Corona Williams and Dorothy
are among the little maids in the casts and
their friends will be given an opportunity to
applaud their efforts some time during the
holidays. Mrs. Williams gives some enter
tainment of the kind every year and they are
always charming affairs.
OAKLAND, -¦ Nov.- 25. — Society ia chasing. a
new butterfly and amateur theatricals are. en
grossing the attention of, the smart set." / While
In many homes little plays, are being rehearsed
for the private' entertainment of Christmas
¦week guests there are several more ambitious
events on the cards. Rehearsals for '"Pina
fore" have been In progress for some time
under the able management of lire. Henry
Weatherbee and now Miss Georgle Cope has
gathered a talented band of young people to
prepare "The Little Tycoon" for a public
presentation. Some of the best singers in
the Orpheus Club will assist in "The Little
Tycoon," as will many of the clever maids
who helped Miss Cope make "The Geisha"
such a success at the Home Club. The op;ra
will be given for the benefit of Fabiola Hos
pital In March and the lady managers have
secured Liberty Theater for that purpose.
NEW SOCIAL FAD
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
A second effort to enlist the aid of
the courts to help him force the Board
of Education of this city to allow his
children to attend the public schools
of the city without heing vaccinated
was made to-day by C E. Kinard and
failed, Superior Judge Melvin sustain
ing a demurrer to the complaint with
out leave to amend. Kinard has gone
to the front on behalf of a number of
the citizens who are jiot in favor of
vaccination in an endeavor to break
down the rule regarding the compul
sory vaccination of children.
In his second complaint he asserted
that his children were being discrim
inated against and that other children
were admitted who had never been
vaccinated: also that the virus was
more dangerous than the disease. As
to the first allegation, it was held that
because the Board of Education failed
to do ita duty in one instance he could
not use it as a plea for further negli
gence. As to the second objection.
Judge Melvfn held that the quality of
the virus was not the question before
the court and he had nothing to do
\rith it
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
loi€ Broadway, Nov. 25.
Mrs. Carpenter has two children.
Hugh Carpenter, her son, being ap
pointed executor of the will without
bonds. Besides this family as heirs
at law are William W.. Walter R. and
Florence E. Wilson and Clare B. Shel
ly, the contestants, and Cora E. Slicer,
Theresa RI McWhorter, Ella K. Thur
ber and Ada W. Words, children of
a deceased brother, Walter.
According to the allegation of the
contestants, Slicer underwent an op
eration a few months before his death,
and while in a weakened state of
health was induced to make a will by
the sister with whom he was then liv
ing.
Dissatisfied with the disposition
made by the late Charles B. Slicer of
his property, four nephews and nieces,
children of Mary Ann Slicer Wilson,
a deceased sister, have filed a contest
to the probating of the will of the de
ceased. They allege fraud and undu^
influence as the ground for their pe
tition. Slicer left, his entire estate,
valued at $10,000, to Harriet Slicer Car
penter, his only surviving sister, liv
ing at 2167 Santa Clara avenue, Al«
metia.
Oakland Olnce San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Nov. 25.
BERKELEY, Nov. 25. — The names
of the winners of the first part of the
Bonnheim ethical contest have been
announced by the committee which
had the dissertations under consider
ation. The fortunate ones are W. A.
Andrews, Edward Blackman, Farn
ham P. Griffiths. W. J. Musgrove and
Herbert A. Stout. .;,.
Each of these winners, by the terms
of the contest, receives a premium of
510 and is entitled to take part in the
discussion on December 3 for the
larger prize of $200. The committee
which selected the winners consisted
of Harry Overstreet, Professor W. C.
Mitchell and Dr. AV. M. Hart^
The subject for the Bonnheim con
test this year is "The Open Shop — Its
Ethics." Albert Bonnheim of Sacra
mento, who originated the contest,
stipulated that the purpose of the
competition, both in the dissertation
and the discussion, was not so much
to obtain new facts or truths in eth
ics as to place the truth already
known before as many students as
possible to encourage them to take a
greater interest in questions involving
ethical problems.
Committee Selects University Students
for Competition in Final Strug
gle for S20O Prize.
Four Xephews and Nieces
Bring Action to Break
the Will of Their Uncle
Court Kef uses to Consider
the Objections Made to
Kule of Health Board
NAMES OF BOXXHKIM
WINNERS ANNOUNCED
SLICER HEIRS
DISSATISFIED
PUPILS MUST
BE VACCINATED
With a party of friends she journeyed
to the park to participate in a game of
tennis. They had played some time
when she complained of weakness. Her
friends became alarmed and removed
the woman to the hospital. Dr. Glover,
the attending physician, worked un
ceasingly to save her, but his efforts
were in vain. She passed away at 5
o'clock, with her family at her side. £
Mrs. Taussig was 42 years old and re
sided with her family at 2584 Vallejo
street. She laves two children,- Eric and
Laurence Taussig. She was the daugh
ter of Mrs. Sophie Henicke. ; .
Mrs. Rudolph J. Taussig, wife of the
well-known wholesale liquor merchant,
was stricken with exhaustion while
playing tennis in the Golden Gate Park
courts yesterday afternoon, and died a
few hours later at the Park Emergency
Hospital. Every possible medical means
was resorted to to save the woman's
life, but the efforts of the physicians
were In vain. The doctors pronounced
her case heart failure.
Captain Usher, speaking for the bu
reau of navigation of the navy, said
that the Navy Department was not
disposed to suggest any plan which
looked to the encouragement of the
merchant marine through subsidies for
speed, mileage or mail-carrying ves
sels, but was disposed to favor naval
premiums on ships to be built and
which fulfilled certain naval require
ments. P" .-;•;
Eugene Chamberlain, commissioner
of navigation. Treasury Department,
submitted a series of tables bearing
on tho commerce of the world. From
these he showed that the exports of
the United States largely exceeded the
imports, and said that imposition
of discriminating duties would be like
ly to result disastrously to the trade
of this country through retaliatory ac
tion by the countries affected.
Replying to Senator Gallinger,
Chamberlain said he favored the
granting of subsidies as a means/' of
national, defense.
j The commission went into executive
session. .No further witnesses will be
heard.
Hear Admiral Harrington favored
the building of steel ships, and said
that the laws of the United States
should be changed so as to permit the
merchants of this country to run
American ships as cheaply as foreign
owners can run them.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 55.— The Mer
chant Marine Commission resumed its
session to-day. Senator Gallinger, the
chairman, announced that the hear
ings were about concluded, but that
the commission had thought it proper
at this time to invite naval and Post
office Department officials to be pres
ent to-day, the former to submit their
opinion of the desirability of a mer
chant marine as auxiliary to the navy
and the latter to speak for the benefits
to accrue to the postal service as a
result of an improved merchant ma
rine. Secretary Metcalf of the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor also was
invited to attend the hearing.
Secretary Morton's view of the rela
tion of the Government to the mer
chant marine in the foreign trade was
that it was simply a question of com
petition. He said that in order to build
up a large shipping interest in this
country it will be necessary to meet
the competition of other nations. It
will further be necessary,, he declared,
to in some way recognize the mail con
tracts v the subsidies, the' bonuses- and
the premiums of Germany, England
and other coxintries. The American
owner of sea"- going craft and the
American sailor, he said, must be given
equality In all respects if they are not
to be handicapped by foreign compe
tition. It was his idea that all ships
built in this country should be con
structed in accordance with plans ap
proved by the Navy Department, so
that in case of war the department
could make good and efficient use of
them. He added that he was not sure
but that the seamen also should have
naval training.
Rear Admiral Luce read a letter re
tontly submitted to him by Secretary
Morton to be laid before the commis
sion, in which he referred to the mu
tual independence of the merchant ma
rine and the navy. He asserted that
the money paid to foreign carriers of
products of this country went to enrich
countries with which the United States
might some day be at war, thereby in
directly aiding the navies of those
countries and their naval reserves at
the expense of our own. He favored
subsidies as a means of building up the
merchant marine.
Wife of Eudolph J. Taussig
Is Stricken While Play
ing Tennis at the Park
Merchant Marine Commission
About to Close -Inquiry
Id to Shipping Interests
SUDDENLY DIES
FROM EXERTION
INVITES VIEWS
OF NAVAL MEN
The beautiful surroundings of the
University of California are to be ad
ded to by the planting of forests of
redwood, firs, madrones and oak3 on
the hills back of the group of State
University buildings. Arthur L. Bol
ton, superintendent of the university
grounds has | evolved the scheme,
which already is being carried out,
and which eventually will change the
entire character of the landscape east
of the college campus.
John Galen Howard, architect of
the university, has directed the plant
ing of hundreds of trees on the hills,
and all the work will be in conformity
with his suggestions.
The first work done was the plant
ing of hundreds of trees in the pro
tected hollows and sunny slopes of the
hills beyond the Greek Theater and
behind the present line of the
eucalyptus trees.
It is intended that the young trees
which have been set out shall grow
Into a forest, with natural exposures,
just as grow the redwoods that cover
many of the hills and mountains of
the coast ranges.
The seedlings and cuttings used in
this scheme of beautification of the
site of the "Greater University," now
considered by many the grandest in
the world, are the gift of Regent A.
"\\\ Foster and the Northwestern Lum
ber Company. They were brought
from the forests of Mendocino County
by Superintendent Bolton and F. Hein,
nursery foreman at the university,
who spent several weeks in the red
woods gathering them.
At President Wheeler's suggestion a
grove of redwoods and flrs has also
been planted at the south, or Bancroft
street, end of the new football field on
the Hillegass tract.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 25.,.
Jorgensen has started a small busi
ness and it is his intention to remain
in this city, as he still hopes that his
wife will change her mind and set him
free.
Stung by the disgrace which he has
heaped upon her, his wife has refused
to apply for a decree of divorce, and
so, although he has kept his promise to
return. Jorgensen cannot marry the
woman for whom he left his wife.
When Jorgensen came to the United
States a year and a half ago he left
his wife in Denmark, but brought with
him his two children, who when he was
taken back were returned to their
mother, who still lives in the old coun
try. Jorgensen expected that when he
was convicted of his crime his wife
would secure a divorce, and when he
was delivered to the Danish Consul to
be sent back he promised to return at
the end of his imprisonment and marry
Miss Muller. with whom he was Hying
at the time of his arrest.
Faithful to the woman for whom he
became a criminal and true to a prom
ise made before he was taken to Den
mark to face the punishment' for his
crime, Julius Jorgensen, who was ar
rested while living on Isabella street, in
this city, a year ago for embezzlement
committed in his own country, has re
turned to Oakland after serving a year
in prison in Denmark. Miss Johanna
Muller, with whom Jorgensen eloped,
is now living in Alameda, and it was
to be near her that be returned here
as soon as his term expired.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 25.
Alameda County.
FRIDAT NOVEMBER 25-
Caroline E. and Nathan W Jggw^
harbor as established W "™ 250 0
W of Twelfth street. W 150 DrS w. »°« *
George and Emma Sully to Janet
iwife of Fred C ). lot on S lino of Harmon
Hay lot on W line of Ellsworth street, SO 8
of Alike. S 45 by W 80. block U54. Blake
Tract, map 2. etc., Berkeley: $10.
Sadie C. and Earll H. Webb to Mary M. C
Speed, lot 12. block 1. amendrd map portion
La Loma Park and "Wheeler Tract. Berkeley;
Flor G and Jose C. Castro (husband) and aa
attorney, to Citizens' Building and Loan As
sociation, lot on Ml' corner of Pacific avenue
and Sherman street, W GU by N 110. Alameda;
$10.
Puget Sound Lumber Company to Thomaa
E Ryan, all Interest in same, quitclaim deed.
Alameda: $10. '
Thomas E. and Mary C. Ryan to Citizens'
Building and Loan Association, same: $10.
Julius A. and Elizabeth A. Remmel to same,
lot on NW corner of Pacific avenue and Shcr.
man street W 37 by N 100. quitclaim deed.
Alameda: $°1. ,
Citizens' Building and Loan Association (a
Edward E. David, same. Alameda: $10.
The Realty Syndicate to Rudolph C SchafT
ter. portion lot 2S lying NE of line parallel
to and distant at right angles 5 feet S"W from
NE boundary line of said lot 2S. beins NG
5 feet of lot 2S, block B, map 1. Highland Ter
race. Oakland; also lot — , block B, same map,
Oakland: $10.
J. H. and Asnes A. Simpson to Myer and
Etta Steinberg, lot on X line of Brockhurst
street. 2C0.e3 W of Grove, N at right angles
1C0 to point 100.4B S from S line of Thirty
third street. W 35. S 100, E 35. block F, map
remaining property of Central Land Company
In blocks G and F. Oakland: $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft . to William L. White
(single), lot 1. block O. Santa Fe> tract Xo. 4,
deed and agreement, Oakland: $10.
Sarah E. Bancroft (wtte of Harlow P.> to
Harlow P. Eancroft (husband), block I. Alpine
tract. Oakland; gift.
George H. and Victory A. Derrick to Frank
N- Greeley, SE 20 feet of lot 15 and NW 2t>
feet of lot It;, block J, map 2, Linda Vista
Terrace. Oakland: $10.
Ida and William M. Converse to L. A. Blas
lngame, lot on SE corner of Telegraph avenue
and Shasta street, S 6<> by E 110. portion of
lots 12 and 13. block A. Vicent« P»ralta Res
ervation tract. Temescal. Oakland; $ll>.
George G. and Mamie Clifford to M. Van
Horn Cooley. lot on NE corner of Seventh and
Jackson streets. N 75 by E 75, lots 1, 2 and 3.
block 82, Kellersberger's map. Oakland: $10.
William At. Butter? Jr. Oingle) to William
M. Walsh, lot on S line of Santa Fe avenue,
135 W of San Pablo avenue X 106.62 by W
5. being 5 Teet of W line of lot 5. map 2.
William M. Butters' Tract. Oakland: $10.
George W. Austin («ingle) to John An
derson, lot on N line of Thirty-fourth street
(Brown), 216:3 E of Market. E 25 by N 120:3.
being W half of lot 2S, block L. property of
Central Land Company, Oakland: $10.
Millie E. and Orvillo D. Baldwin (and as attor
ney) to Robert and Margaret Forbe3 fwlfe). lot
on W line of Telegraph avenue. 46:71 N of
Sixty-sixth street (formerly Fairview avenue)
N 46:71, W 1US:52. S 45. E 120:30. lot 11, block;
2. map O. D. Baldwin's subdivision of portion
of Wootsey tract, Oakland; $10.
Helen M. Storrs (administratrix of th» estat*
of Dorothea W. Tiedemann) to M. Howard, all
Interest In lot on W line of Hermann street.
8:13 N of its intersection with West Ayala
avnue, N 50 by W 1BO, lot 80, block O.
amended map of blocks G and I. Vicente Per
alta Reservation tract, Temescal, Oakland;
$300.
Mary A. Ronaldson (executrix estate of
Thomas Ronaldson) to H. D. Irwin. all In
terest In lot at -Intersection of California and
Nevada Railroad with N line of Todd (now
Sixty-second) street. E 127.80, N 264. W I02.St.
S to beginning, being block E. amended map of
Crawford Tract, Oakland; $3100.
Mary A.. James A.. William. Anna A. and
Margaret Ronaldson (heirs of Thomas Ronald
son. deceased) to same. same. Oakland; $3120.
Mary E. and Frederick W. Brock (husband
and as attorney) to E. B. Zion. lot 11. block
F. new town of Lynn, Brooklyn, East Oak
land; ?5. ;..-«.„
Seth C. and Elizabeth C- Wilhelm to Giles
H. Gray, lot on NW corner of Hopkins (cotraty
road 1135) and Winter streets. N 5O by W
125, being subdivision plat 5, Cameron Tract,
East Oakland: $105O.
T. C. and D. A. Landregnn (executors estate
of James I^andregan) to W. W. Glllett. lot oa
N line of Ocean View avenue. 400 W of 3txth
street, W 74:H\ Jf 120.16, E 85, S 120.13. lot
0. block 17. Landregan Tract. Emeryville,
O&kland Township: $370.
Grace M. Irwln (single) to Arthur A. Dtxon
(single). lot on W line of King (Paradlse>
street. 45 S of Felton. S 43 by W 83. portion
lota to to 12, block G. Paradise Park. Berke-
Arthur A. Dixon (single) to Horace I>.
Irwin. same, Berkeley; $10.
beat C. Sonntag. 3-«. «-3 7-5; J. Straehan
beat E. McCarty. 6-0. 6-1; W. Marcus beat
E. Garcia. 6-2. 1-6. 6-2: R. Strachan beat li.
Garcia, ti-0. 6-0; "W. Mitchell beat T>. Levy
by default: L. letter beat W. Hontgsberg. «-»
6-4; R. Honistsberg beat H. Crane, ff-l, 3-«.
6-."5: G. Maundrell beat C. Torrey (J-4 2-8
6-2: W. Patterson beat J. Rudee. '*£?. 6-rt; H.
Getz beat A. Martinez, 6-2. «-:*; U. Van VHet
beat F. Majsss. 6-1 «-i ; h. Levinson beat B.
Marsh, tt-1. 5-7. 7-5.
Second round— McLoughlin heat Abbott 6-0.
6-0; Corbly beat I^evlnson. 7-3. 5-7 6-.1; J.
Strachan beat Easton, 6-0. fi-d: R 'stra-'han
beat Macus. tt-1. 6-1: W. Mitchell beat "Tetter.
6-«. 10-3. «-2: R. Honiatsbersr beat MauruirelL
,6-3. 6-4; H. Get* beat Patterson. 0-2 S-3; Van
VHet beat H. Levinson 6-O. «-O.
! Third round— R. Strachan beat J. Strachan,
I 6-1. 6-0; Getz beat Van VUet. 6-3. 6-2
Embezzler Hopes to Marry
Johanna Muller, the -Wom
, an With Whom He Eloped
Scheme of Forest Culture
Carried Out IJnder Direc
tion of Architect Howard
Deputy Coroner Henry Quellen went
to the spot. In moving the almost
mummified corpse, he found a pistol
that had been buried in the earth and
leaves under the remains as if it had
fallen when the fatal shot was. fired.
Not a vestige of a clew to identity
was discovered on examination of the
garments and their contents. The ver-
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— With a bullet
wound through his head, the body of a
white man who had been dead for a
long time was found this afternoon
hidden in the brush on the steep hill
side of Blair Park, ; 150 feet from, the
county road leading into Hays Can
yon. Children: picnicking at the park
made the find. They summoned Charles
Kruse, a Hays Canyon . nurseryman,
who notified the Coroner.
diet of the Coroner's jury to-night was
to the effect that death was caused by a
gunshot wound self-in
flicted. '
There did not seem to be any sug
gestion of murder, according to the
Coroner. The body was so badly decom
posed that identification would be al
most impossible. It appeared to be
that of a Caucasian, about 40 years
old, with sandy mustache and reddish
hair. The garments were a black di
agonal coat and vest, dark woolen
trousers, light overshirt and two red
flannel undershirts, almost new, work
ingman's shoes and a four-in-hand tie.
In the pockets were a pocket knife.
55 cents and some medicine tablets.
Owing to the condition or the body, the
Coroner was compelled to order Imme
diate interment.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 BroaGway, Nov. 25.
That portion of their November sal
aries which was earned by former Ser
geant at Police Charles E. Clark and
Patrolmen C. W. Ha-xnerton, J. F.
Stahl and Lee E. Andrews before their
dismissal on charges of thievery, has
been held up by the Board of Police
aud Fire Commissioners. If the dis
graced patrolmen desire to collect the
$26 apiecv ;hey will be obliged to man
damus the board. The ccmmlssioners
this afternoon, after much debate,
unanimously adopted a resolution post
poning action indefinitely on these four
¦alary demands.
Commissioner F. C. Turner opened
with an objection, sayir.g:
I do not want to go on record as voting
to pay Fil»ri«5 af rnpn who have been dls
loy«! lo their trust and have placed this board
in an unfortunate «r.d unhappy poeition. I
regret we did not think to fine theee men
the amount of the'r claims when we dismissed
them froTn t^<» force
The following dialogue then followed:
Mayor O!n«>— I egr?e with Commissioner
Turner, b-Jt I cermet tet how we can reject
the dfir.ands. They are legal claims upon
the cit;\
President McKiroy— In the absence of a crim
inal prosecution these men would have a legal
claim.
Comtnifffon^r Turner — Let them «ue the city.
1 do not believe in wreaking vengeance, but
thie Is a matter that appeals very stronsly
t»> me. 1 should li'xc to .hold up this money
until the toods that -were stolen have been
retoraf-d to the merchant.*. It i« a matter
tit ecnUment with me. While there may be
a lesral bar to rejecting the demands, the men.
<m mere! grounds, did not earn the money.
They were stealing <1ur-.ns this time.
President McEIroy. moved to withhold
approval of the warrants until the
goods had been returned, but after dis
cussion withdrew the motion. Turner
offered a resolution 10 reject the de
mands, but this was lost by the nega
tive votes of McEIroy and Mayor Ol
ney, both of whom explained that it
was not within the legal province of
th« board to thus act. "*
"The city could not successfully de
fend a suit." said President McEIroy,
"and there would be costs to pay in ad
dition to the judgment."
'"I think the extra cost would be a
goad investment," urged Turner. "I
am in favor of making it as unpleasant
as possible for the men."
Mayor Olney and McEIroy both de
clared their full agreement on this
point with Turner. A motion to allow
the claims on the ground c-f the city's
liability was made by Mayor Olney,
but Turner voted "no" and President
McEIroy met the tie by declining to
vote. He solved the situation by offer
ing the resolution to lay over indefi
nitely.
'This means that these men must
mandamus the board if they want their
mc/ney." said President McEIroy after
the resolution was adopted.
"I would like to see some one man
damus the 'police to swear to com
plaints against the four," was Turner's
closing remark.
The names of Patrolmen Henderson,
Cex, Scanlan, Bock and Curtiss were
discussed as candidates to be sergeant.
The board, in the absence of Chief of
Police Hodgkins, postponed action. The
charges against Policeman Sill will be
taken up at a special meeting next
week.
MANY TREES PLANTED
ONCE MOKE LEAVES WIFE
Suicide Hid in Bush and Put Bullet in Head
No Money for Dismissed Bluecoats
Julius Jorgensen Returns
to Oakland After Serving
Term in Danish Prison
Noble Redwood Forest to
Grace Bare Brown Hills
Back of the Buildings
PICNICKERS FI/1D BODY OF Mflfl
POLICE SALARIES HELD UP
WILL NOT PAY
SUSPECTED MEN
TO A DD BEAUTY
TO UNIVERSITY
KEEPS PROMISE
TO COME BACK
CHOSE SECLUDED
PLACE WHERE HE
MIGHT END LIFE
NEWS OF THE COUNT Y OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
6
APVERTISEMEyTS. s
XsCLJL O
Few people know the*.
comfort and beauty of
perfect natural skin.
Have you used Pears'
soap?
Sold all over tbs world.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLANB.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
AliAMEDA.
1433 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
FREE FREE > FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A30X
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
of the
HIGHEST QUALITY
TOILET SOAP.
Your. Choice; of Four Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
: / : Particulars. '
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; £ * '.
A . --•— _.^j*. 1 Positively cared by
PARTrPQ the*e Little Pills.
VrMll L l\O The? &&> relieve Dis-
Ej§£ ,»-,, P tre *3 from Dyspepsia. In-
I ¦ • T Lz. CisetUoa and Too Hearty
i lyPD Eating. • A per! set rcm-
ffil Li-j £¦ edy for Dl77ines3. yansea.
jfl PILLS. Drowsiness, Bad Taste
Ep!~psS In tho Moutn. Coated
Pa&15p4&l Tongue. Pata In tie SUe,
1 : "— JTORPH) LIVEE. Tney
regnlate toe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALLPILL SMALL DOSE SMALL PRICE.
carters! ccre S1CK UEADACtlli>
S33rrTLE . Genuine Must Bear
H LY?P Fac-Simile SignaturtPACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S BIG
LINKR KOREA. WHICH AR
RIVED YESTERDAY.
.'Steamer. ; Destination.;' Saili.
Jefferson."...^" Skagway. A.Way,Ports. Nov. 28
City Seattle.". Skagway &AVay Ports. Nov.' 28
a.aU'Ana. r.' Seldovia & Way Ports.lDea. 1 1
• The steam" schooner . South'. Bay; loaded with
lumber for . this ;, port, struck I bottom .Thursday
night while crossing the bar at Grays Harbor.
She returned to port.. The extent of the dam
age, sustained has: not been ascertained and it
is not yet known '. whether or, not she will have
to "' discharge her 'cargo! In -order to effect re
, pairs. - ; She ; la • owned . by ¦ E. : J. Dodge ; of , this
city * 4 who yesterday, sent a representative north
to f look 5 out » for; his "¦ interests.""
Strikes Bar 'at Grays ' Harbor.
Mencs Iiands Passengers.
The Koemoa liner, Menes, which arrived
Thursday night from Hamburg and South and
Central American ports, . wafl released from
quarantine yesterday morning and docked at
I-ombard- street wharf. She brought five hun
dred tons of cargo and a large - shipment of
treasure. Her passengers included the follow
ing: H. C Lorenz. Henry Green, Lopez AI
dana.T M. Cartly. T. Roblsch, J. Segel, F.
R. James and P. Fust. •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. JJ.S N..' Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco, . Cal..
November 25. 1904.
The Time Ball • on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon, to-day—
1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o rii Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
' Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
— — : ?- ~
The Overdue List.
The British bark Shakespeare and the Brit
ish ship Lyndhurst were placed on the overdue
llet yesterday. The Shakespeare is out forty
flve days from Barbadoes for New York and
is quoted nt 10 per cent. The Lyndhurst. out
sixty-three days from St. Helena for Delaware
Breakwater, is quoted at 0 per • cent. The
Slrene Is uninsurable. The Troop Is quoted at
15 per cent Kinn at 00 per cent. Jolnvllle at
10 per cent and the. Shenir at 5 per cent.
Arrived Nov 22— Schr Duxbury, from Nome.
FORT BRAGO — Arrived Nov 25— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Nov 24.
WESTPORT — Arrived Nov 25 — Strnr Pren
tlsa hence Nov 24.
SKAGWAY — Sailed Nov 24 — Stmr Cltv of
Seattle, for Seattle.
UMPQUA— 6ailed Nov 23— Stmr San Ga
briel for San Pedro, via Eureka. Nov 24 —
Schr Caroline, for San Pedro; schr. Lucy, for
Ban Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr . Colum
bia, hence Nov 23.
Sailed Nov 25— Schr Virginia, for San Fran-
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 24-^Stmr Che
haiis. hence Nov 21. ' < ..'«¦•;•
GRAYS HARBOR — Balled Nov 23 — Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San "Francisco.
Arrived Nov 24 — Schr ; ..Iohn A Campbell,
hence Nov 13. Nov 23 — Schr A F Coats, hence
Nov 18. Nov 24 — Stmr South Bay returned
from sea In distress. ¦
TATOOSH — Passed Nov 25 — Schr Matthew
Turner, from Port .Townsend, for Grays Har
bor in/'tow of tuc Pioneer.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 25 — Stmr Arcata;
hence Nov 23.
CRESCENT CITY — Arrived, Nov 24— Stmr
Newsboy, hence Nov "22/ '
Sailed Nov 25— Stmr Mandalay, for San
Frnnclsco.
BAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 25— Stmr. W H
Kruger. hence Nov 23; etmr ' Alcatraz, . from
Greenwood.
Sailed" Nov 25— Schr Bertie Minor, for
Ei aANTA BARBARA— Sailed Nov 26— Stmr
State of California, for San Diego.
FARALLON. ISLANDS— Pased Nov 25— Schr
William Renton, from Astoria for San Fran
cisco; four- masted schr bound to . San Fran-
POINT REYES— Nov 25—12 miles west, Br
ship Belford, from Newcastle, Aus,' for San
Francisco.
. , ISLAND PORTS. -
- HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Nevadan.
for Kahulul, . .
•Arrived "Nov 1 : 25 — Stmr Alameda, hence
Nov . 19. . ,¦ • ,
- Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Manchuria, - hence
The Oceanic Steamship Company'* liner
Kails for South Seas.
Rough Weather Off the Horn.
TT.« British ship Peter IredaJe, which ar
rived Thursday night from Antwerp and re
ported having lost an apprentice overboard,
encountered a terrific tempest while off Cape
Horn. The storm, which broke September 14,
lasted thirty-six hours. The vessel was thrown
on her btam ends repeatedly and for twelve
hours her port rail was under water. Cabin
and forecastle were flooded and six topsails
wrre blown away. While in the thick of the
fight the Ire-3alc"s crew eaw two other vessels,
a three -matter and a four-master with all
ihelr canvas blown away.
Steamer.. . Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 26.
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Chico Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm pi er «
Coptic China A Japan 1 pm Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Peru N..Y..vla Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
S.Pedro Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqulllo River 5 pm Pier 20
November 27.
Homer . Grays Harbor •;-. pi er _
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Corona..... Humboldt ......... 1 :30 piPier 0
S R03a.... San Diego & Way. U am'Pier £>
November 28. | [
Samoa Los Angeles Ports.llO amIPIer 2
i Barraeouta. Corlnto & Way Pta.112 /nlPler 40
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ..12 m\ Pier 20
Jeante Seattle & Tacoma. I 8 pmiPter 20
G W Elder Astoria & Portlandfll am Pier 24
Rainier Seattle & Everett . 4 pm Pier 10
November 29.
Eureka..... Humboldt ......... 0 am Pier 13
Centralla. . . L-os Angeles Porte. 10 am Pier l<>
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor .4 pm Pier 2
N. Fork..".. Humboldt ... ... 0 am Pier 20
Coronado. ; . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
November 30. j
Pomona.... Humboldt ..... l:30plPier 9
G. Dollar... Grays ; Harbor 4 pm pj er jo
Alliance:... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Arcata..... Coos B& Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt ..... 9 am Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor" .... 4 pm Pier 10
1 • December 1, ¦
State Cal... San Diego & Way'. 9 am Pier 11
Pomo...... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier "2
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 11 >
UmatilU;.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Memphis... Hamburg. <& Way: 12 m Pier 19
Bonlta: ..". . Newport ; & Way. . 9 amjpier 11
December-3. I
Korea...... China & Japan.... 1 pmlPier 40
San Juan... N.-Y. via Ancon. . 12 mlPler 40
Columbia... Astoria &• Portland 11 am|Pler 24
;- / ¦ December 6. I
Queen...'.".'.' Pu<tet Sound PortsJll am]Pier 9
December 7. I 1
• Curacao.... Mexican PorU- |1Q am|Pier 11
FROM ] SEATTLE.
I United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
' Time and Height of High and Low Water,
-'at Fort Point, .entrance to San Francisco
Bay Published by official authority of the
NOTE-The^hTgh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes £?« than at Fort Point; ; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
. SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 26.
' " 7-0^
Sun rises 4
grgseV-::::::::::::::::::::::^^^^
5? | T J=! Ft P^ Ft. «.
g, |k w [l w h w| |l w ¦
on o.o 5 4 5 6:56 3.0 12:52 5.4 7:55—0.4
o? 3-1^ IS 7:54 3.1 1:46 5.2 8:46—0.2
ol 4-00 4 7 0:02 3.1 2:46 4.8 9:40 0.3
i5o 4-50 4.0 10:22 2.7 4:02 4.4 10:35 0.7
i?trt 5 : 40 5.2 11:38 2.3 5:30 4.111:37 1.1
II eisO 5:3 12.47 1.7 6:52 4.1
KOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dav in the order of occurrence as to. time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
dot except "when there are but three tides, as
1 sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
i addition to the soundings of the United States
roast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
1 .irn nrecedes the height, and then the number
i dven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts.' ' The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
ARRIVED. •
Friday. Nov. 25.
Etmr Navarre, Jacobs, 20 hours from Albion.
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman, 30 hours from
Coos Bay. _ .
Q tmr Northland Jamieaon, 67 hours trom
Ast->ria; bound for San Pedro; put In to land
parssngers. ...
Stmr WhKesboro. Frederickson. 14 ' hours
from Point Arena.
Stmr Corona Glelow, 19 hours from Eureka.
I Stmr Korea, Seabury. 27 days and 20 hours
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 20 days 19
hours and 41 minutes, via Honolulu 5 days 11
hours and 85 minutes.
£ttnr San Juan, Urry. 20 day» from Ancon
and way ports.
Stmr Coos Bay. Leland, C9 hours from San
Pedro and way port*.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 17 hourt from
Stmr Aberdeen. Hana«n. 77 hour* from Co
lumbia River.
Etmr Geo W Elder. Randall, CS hours from
Portland, via Astoria 63 hours.
Br ship Etrathgryfe, Mclntyre, 145 day* from
Newcastle, Ens.
Echr Newark, Hansen, 15 hours from Stew
arts Point. ".,''¦""
CLEARED.
Friday, Nov. 25. ¦
Stmr Mariposa, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Stmr Frazier. Yokohama and Kobe; Pacific
Mall Steamship Company.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
wav ports; Paciflo Coast Steam»hlp Company.
Ger ship Seefahrer, Schoemaker. Sydney; O
W McVear.
Br ship Wavertree, Brew. Sydney; Meyer,'
C °bark Chaa W- Morgan. Reed..
whaling: J. and W. R. Wing.
. ¦ SAILED.
Friday, Nov. 25.
i Ptmr Mariposa, Lawless, Tahiti.
StSr Maggie. Whitney. Halfmoon Bay. :
Ptmr Samoa, Madsen. Caspar.
Ftmr Northland. Jamie-son. Ban Pedro.
Stmr Jas S HIgglns,. Higgins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Del Nort«-. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Porno. Ahlln, Albion. . ¦ .
Br chip Dalealrnle.- Llewellyn. Seattle.
Whal bark Cha» W Morgan. Reed, whaling.
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN. •
Nov 20— Lat 48 N.. long. 8 W. Br ship Kir
kcudbrightshire, from Antwerp, for San Fran-
N'ov 22 — Etmr Alameda. from San Fran
cisco for Honolulu;. 3 p m, stmr Manchuria,
from San Francisco, for Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong. \ ' • .
Per «tmr South Coast, from Caspar— Nov
25 8 mile* NW of Point . Reyes, passed a
three-masted ship bound for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS..
CAPE MENDOCINO — Passed Nov 24, 4 a m
— Sunr Jeanie. from Seattle, for San Franclaco,
with » ve»»el in tow.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 25, 11 a m—
Etmr Bonlta, for San Pedro. .
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Pomona,
hence Nov 24: stmr Eureka,- hence Nov 24.
Sailed Nov 25— Stmr Acme. . for, San Fran
cisco. .'*MM^KBB£§gMB^BjWMMta>£MavRRSMR{
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 25— Stmr .Farallon, :
tor Skaswar.
Towing Unknown Ship to Port.
Th« steamer Jeanie. bound to this port from
Seattle, Is towing a large veesel. the Identity
of which the local shipping world would like
very much to ascertain. Captain Seaman of
the steamer Breakwater, which arri\ - ed yester-
Cay, reports that he passed the Jeanie Novem
ber 24 at 4 a. m. off Cape Mendocino. Sh«
¦••as towing a chip, but nobody on the Break
water could make out the name of the sailing
vessel. Captain Randall of the steamer George
W. Elder alEO parfed the Jeanie and her tow
about an hour earlier than Captain Seaman
sighted them. Captain Randall also was un
able to learn the name of the apparently dls
treeeed windjammer.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENXE.
Xotice to Mariners.
SUISUN BAY. CALIFORNIA.
fLJst of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks, Pa
cific Coast. 14*04. page 28.)
Notice has been received that the bell buoy,
recently established oft Army Point. Sulsun
Bay California, has disappeared. It will be
replaced as eoon as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W P DAY, Commander. U. 8. N..
Iaiptctor. Twelfth Lighthouse District
a
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. From. Due.
Elizabeth Coqullle River Nov. 26
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 26
Chlco Coquille River Nov. 26
Homer Grays Harbor Nov. 26
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor Nov. 26
Mackinaw.... Tacoma , Nov. 26
South Bay.... Grays Harbor Nov. 26
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Nov. 20
Empire ..Coos Bay Nov.. 26
Newburg.' Grays Harbor Nov. 26
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Nov. 26
Memphis Seattle Nov. '20
San Pedro.... Humboldt Nov. 26
Curacao .' Mexican Ports Nov. 27
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports... . Nov. 27
Eureka jHumboldt Nov. 27
Arctic Humboldt Nov. "27
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 23
State of Cal. . Ban Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 28
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 28
Pomona.....'. Humboldt; Nov, 28
Centralla Grays Harbor Nov. 29
Porno Point Arena & Albion. INov. 2»
Redondo Portland & Astoria |Nov. 30
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon. .INov. 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria. .. .Nov. 30
F. A. Kilburn. Portland & Coos Bay.<Nov. 30
S. Rosa .. . San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 1
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena Dec. 1
Argo Eel River Ports Dec. 1
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Dec. 1
Corona .' Humboldt : Dec. 1
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports Dec. 2
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Dec. 2
Gaelic China & Japan ..-. . Dec. 3
Saxonla Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 3
North Fork. . . Humboldt Dec. 4
G W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. . . . Dec. 6
Alameda. Honolulu Dec. 6
Siberia China & Japan.. |Dec. 7
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Nov. 25 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 42-34 Pittsburg 44-3S
Chicago 42-3S New Orleans 74-50
Cincinnati 4S-34 New York <«-38
Honolulu ....76-62 St. Louis 58-40
Jacksonville 74-4fij Washington 5J-4O
Philadelphia 50-4Oi
SAN FRANCISCO &*-52
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: i.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka. Trace 7.C5 13.78
Red Bluff O.IK) X.47 8.45
Sacramento 0.00 6.31 3.50
San Francisco 0.00 7.87 4.42
Fresno 0.00 5.0ft 0.68
Independence 0.00 0.45 0.42
San Luis Oblspo.... 0.00 4.71 0.50
Loe Angeles 0.00 1.14 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0-17 0.07
THE COAST RECORD.
g g a o «
1 e| 33 -a 2° s
STATIONS. £ £§3§?iS fa |
: S c ¦¦ - §
: 3 3 : : :
Baker ..".0.32 62 34 SE Cloudy .00
Carson TO. 22 56 26 E Cloudy .00
Eureka 80.04 US 54 E Pt.CIdy T.
Fresno 30.12 08 42 S Pt.CIdy .(10
Flagstaff 30.16 5<5 22 E Clear .00
Pocatello 30.40 52 20 .. Clear .00
Independence .30.18 64 30 SE Pt.CIdy .00
Los Angeles ..30.06 78 52 W Clear .00
Mt.' Tamalpals.."0.11 59 48 SW Pt.CIdy .00
North Head ..30.00 00 48 E Cloudy .52
Phoenix 29.08 82 48 SW Clear . .00
Point Reyes ..30.06 64 50 SE ' Cloudy .00
Portland 30.08 52 -12 SE Cloudy .30
Red Bluff 30.16 M 46 N Cloudy .00
Roseburg 30.04 62 50 NW Cloudy T.
Sacramento ..30.12 C6 40 E Cloudy .00
Salt Lake ...30.34 50 28 .. Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 14 «l 52 NW Pt.CIdy .00
S. L. Obispo..30.10 74 40 NE , Clear .00
San Diego 30.0*3 68 C6 NW Clear .00
S. E Farallon-.'tO.Ofl 62 55 E Cloudy .TO
Seattle 30.08 64 38 SE Cloudy .02
Spokane 30.32 44 38 NE Cloudy .12
Tatoosh 2!). at 54 44 E Rain 1.00
Walla "Walla. .30.24 44 34 W Cloudy .04
Wlnnemucca ...10.26 "0 26 N Clear .CO
Yuma ....' 20.08 82 50 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Rain continues to fall on the northern half
of the Pacific Coast and high easterly winds
are reported at Tatoosh Island and North
Head.
In California the weather continues warm,
with conditions favorable for showers.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 26:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, probably showers; fresh
easterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerlr winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
¦ San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and un
settled weather Saturday, possibly showers;
fresh southeast winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
ltBht northerly -winds. ,
Sacramento— Cloudy Saturday, possibly show
ers: freeh southeast winds.
Fresno — Cloudy, Saturday; fresh southerly
winds. A. O. McADIE.
_/ . •' District Forecaster.
Company in Receiver's Hands^
GREAT FALLS, Mont.. Nov. 25.— J.
W. Speer was to-day appointed receiver
of the Montana Co-operative Ranch
Company on the application of Samuel
H. Wood, formerly the company's pres
ident. It is alleged that the assets are
$65 000 and the liabilities $20,000. A few
days ago a fraud order was Issued
against the company's mail, which was
barred.
Busy Day at Harbor Hospital.
Few patients were treated at the Harbor
Hospital on Thanksgiving day. but the calm
was followed by a storm, and yesterday the
little water front emergency institution re
6en:bled a red crors headquarters on a Russo-
Japanese battlefield. Up to 5 o'clock twenty
three cases had been treated. Among these
were tome Blight injuries, but several cases
were eerious. T. L. Grongulst of 320 Drumm
street was brought in early in the morning,
fuffering from, numerous knife wounds. Gron
pu:.-i was very much under the Influence of
liquor and gave a not very coherent account
of how he had acquired his collection of in
cisions. His face, chest, abdomen and thighs
were punctured and numerous superficial cuts
Fhowed that bis assailants had laid about him
with free hands. He was attacked, he says,
by three Italians. Dr. Wilson, who *ewed
<ironsruist together, thinks the man will re
cover. E. J. S&uisbury. an old man who lives
?.t 172S gutter street, fell downstairs and sus
tained numerous and painful injuries, which,
on account of* the patient's age. may prove
¦:.:¦-... J. M. Marshal, a teamster. lo«t his bal
ance while lifting a sack of potatoes from his
wagon on Jackson -street wharf and fell on
his head. He lacerated his scalp, but sus
tained no fracture. Phil Uannan. who works
for the city, had his spine fractured through
the cxvlng in of a fewer at Montgomery ave
nue and Union street. lie was sent to the
Central Emergency Hospital to be operated
upon. "When brought to the Harbor Hospital
It was found that both legs were paralyzed.
The Mariposa's Cargo.
The ateamer MarlDOsa sailed yesterday for
Tahiti with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at J39.9C5. The following were the
leading shipments: 1470 bbl» flour, 5540 gals
wine. 11 caeks 2 cs beer, .145 pkgs potatoes, 63
pkgs onione, 1416 lbs fresh meat. 4674 lbs
sugar 72 pkg9 groceries and provisions, 147
cs assorted canned goods. 193 cs 30 pkgs
salmon, 3J).S90 lb» 42 cs bread, 2771 lbs lard.
5258 lbs beans, 1U.950 lbs salt, 357 lbs butter,
451 lbs nuts. 1CS9 lbs coffee. 39.970 lbs rice.
16 pkgs paste, 780 lbs dried fish, 106 i>kgs
fresh fruits 18 pkgs fresh vegetables, 18 pkgs
table preparations, 701 lbs dried fruit. 360 lbs
8 cs ralfrins. 375 ctls barley, 62 ctls wheat.
10 300 lb« bran. 83 bales hay, *5,«51 ft 45-'
pes lumber 200 redwood posts, 10 bdls shooks.
38 pkgs farming Implements, 29 bdls pipe and
fittings, 5C00 bricks, 35 bales bags. 10 bdls
oars 8 pkgs steel, 52 coils cordage. 10 cs
boots shoes, 21 pkgs drugs. 21 bales twine.
8 rkgS machinery. 41 pkgs paints and oils. 08
pkgs dry goods, 130 bxs soap, 3 cs electrical
supplies 213 bbls cement. 37 kegs nails, 6 rolls
leather. 10 cs coal oil, 2 houses.
Arrive* From Panama.
The Pacific Mall Company's liner Fail Juan.
Captain Urry. arrived yesterday from Ancon
and way i>orts. She brought 522 tons of cargo
and treasure valued at J1217. Captain Urry
r«-port«= everything quift along the coart. The
Sar Juan brought thirty-eight passengers,
among whom were the following: Alfred
Partridge wife and con; Douglas Southwiek.
L. Wood." R. A. Funger, Ethel J. Hill; George
A. Williams, wife and two children; Thomas
A. Hc'.m. Peter J. Dunne.
cussed, but No Further Action
Is Taken.
Fireboat for Bay Service Is Again Dis-
At the meeting of the Fire Com
missioners yesterday afternoon the
question of the best means of procur
ing a fireboat for service on the bay
was again discussed, but no definite
action was taken. Letters were re
ceived from several firms expressing a
willingness to submit plans.
Commissioner Parry called attention
to the fact that painters doing similar
work in the corporation yard were
paid different salaries and on his mo
tion the board fixed a regular rate of
$100 per month, the new scale to go
into effect on December 1. In addi
tion to this the men will get ten days'
vacation. As there are but seven
months left of the present fiscal year
they will get but five days this year,
but in the future ten will be allowed
them.
It was ordered that double hydrants
be placed at the southeast and south
west corners of McAllister and Pierce
streets, the southeast and southwest
corners of McAllister and Steiner
streets and the southwest corner of
Fillmore and McAllister streets.
The resignations of Charles G. Har
kins, hoseman of Engine 29. and
Charles White of Truck 10 were re
ceived and accepted. : V-r -
Leaves of absence were granted
Captain F. G. Whitaker of Engine 1»
and Engineer W. H.Heany of No. 13.
Joseph Meader of Engine 17 was
fined three days* pay for failing to
turn on the switch connecting with
Acting Chief Dougherty's house when
ar. alarm was sounded..
The names of George A. Henning as
truckman and James E. Skinner as
hoseman were certified by the Civil
Service Commissioners. * .*: ,
The applications of George E. Gib
lin of Engine 12 and George Faubel
of Engine 10 for transfers to other
companies were referred to the chief;
The question of the weight of
A Valuable Cargo for Japan.
The steamer Artec was cleared yestrday for
Yokohama and Kobe with a general merchan
dise cargo, valued at $1,006,827. and including
the following: 677 pkgs machinery, 1716 bdls
» c« leather, 7C35 kegs nails, 595,t>70 lbs tin
plate. ?97O bales cotton. 1274 bak-s cotton
sheeting. 50 bales cotton domestic, SS bales
cotton duck. 113 pk«» assorted dry goods, 142
bbls tanning extract. 021 bdls wire, 341 pkg*
bicycles and parts. 643 bdls 1415 bars steel. 18
cs 200 pes Iron. 33.773 lbs wood pulp board,
15 S-SO lbs crude rubber. 11 pkrs car material,
75 pkKS electrical supplies 39 cs paints, 36
pkgs drugs, 5 bbls flour, 7 bxs soap. 3 cs oils,
5 cs rubber roods, A cs too!«, 11 cs boots and
ehoes, 5 cs typewriters, 4 cs hardware.
Weather Report.
Per Br shli> Peter Iredale, from Antwerp
Nov 21 — Sailed June 10; had head winds down
to Start Point for 10 days; had light NE trades
to the equator, which we crossed 40 days out;
in lon< 27 W got the SE trades in 3 N and
lost them in -i S; had a succession of WSW
gales for 50 days from 24 S to Cape Horn; on
Sept 14 off Cape Horn experienced a tempest,
blowing with terrific hurricane force, from the
westward, throwlnc the ship on her beam
ends, flooding cabin and forecastle, the port
rail being under water for 12 hours, and gale
continuing for 36 hours; blew away 6 topsails
out of the bolt ropes and carrying away top
sail sheets: no rop« would stand the force of the
wind, and washed overboard and drowned
Leon Gosslna, apprentice, age IS yearn, native
of Belgium: got fresh southerly winds in 50
S In the Pacific and carried the wind to 28
S, when we got the SE trades, and lost them
in 5 N; crossed equator- Oct 28. long 117 W:
got the NE trades In 15 N and lost them in
23 N; thence to port SSE winds; when oft
Cape Horn saw a four and a three masted
ship with sails all blown away.
GRAYS HARBOR, Nov 24 — Stmr South Bay,
from this ¦ port for San Francisco with new
tug Redondo In tow, ran foul of the Jetty and
pounded badly; brought In by tug Daring
water- logged; Redondo also returned here.
SEATTLE, Nov 25 — Stmr Iris Is reported to
have run on the beach, washed off and sunk
near Vancouver harbor this morning; no loss
of life.-
Memoranda.
P«r stmr Korea, from China and Japan Nov
2C — Had fresh NE winds and fine weather en
tire passage.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
ADJUST PAINTERS' PAY
UXIOX LtEAGUE ENTERTAINS
DISTINGUISHED VISITOR
Assistant Secretary of the Navy H.
C. Darling was entertained at lunch
eon yesterday at the Union Leagua
Clur. The repast was served in t>3
main dining hall at a horseshoe table
p'aced at the north end.
It was ornamented with hundreds
of big yellow chrysanthemums. Col
onel Pippy presided. Short speeches
were the order or the entertainment.
Those present were F. S/Stratton, W.
A. Blssell. D. McKinlay. J. McLach
lan. E. A. Hayes, J. R. Knowland,
Senator G. C. Perkins, George Stone.
Julius Kahn, Admiral McCalla. Col
onel Richards, Colonel Pippy, John
Rothchild and J. B. Fuller.
Assistant Secretary of Xavy H. C. Dar
ling Is Tendered Luncheon by
Republican Clnb.
engineers was again brought up by
Assistant Chief Dougherty and after
some discussion the matter of mak
ing recommendations to the Civil Ser-.
vice Commissioners was left with him.
Judge SIoss, in a written opinion,
yesterday declared that the Howard
Company had violated its contract
with the Kern River Oil Company by
not paying for oil at the times speci
fied and the oil company
was justified in repudiating the agree
ment. The contract was made in Jan
uary, 1902. whereby the Kern Com
pany was to deliver as much oil a3
needed at a fixed price, not exceeding
10,000 barrels a month. The oil was
to be paid for or! the 15th of each
month. The last delivery was- on De
cember 31, 1902, and It was not paid
for until March, 1903. In January,
1903. the Howard Company said it
could sell 50.000 to 75.000 barrels at
the rate of 10,000 barrels a month and
it called for the delivery of that
amount under the contract. The Kern
Company repudiated the contract and
the Howard Company sued,' with the
result noted. • - :
Oil Contract Broken.
Matters of Interest to 3Iariners and
Shipping Mcrcliants.
The British ehli> Peter Iredale is chartered
for lumber from this port to Melbourne or
Adelaide. £1900. with option of Puget Sound
loading at 3«*<< 3d. chartered prior to arrival;
schooner Alpena. lumber from Puget Sound to
Shanghai or Kaiochou at 32s 6vl; schooner
Willis A. Holden. same business from Puget
Sound to Shanghai at 32a lid.
The British ship County of Inverness pro
ceeds in ballaEt to Sydney Heads' for orders.
XEWS OF THE OCEAX.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 24— Br stmr Celia,
for Callao
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— Arrived Nov 21— Br ship
County of Llnltthgow, from Port Gamble.
Sailed Nov 22 — Br ship BalachulUh, for
Santa Rosalia.'
MORORAX— Arrived Nov 24 — Br stmr In
verness, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 20— Br stmr
Aragonla, from Portland, Ore.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Nov 4— Br ship
County of Dumfries, for Vancouver. Nov. 24 —
Ger stmr Amasis; for San Francisco".
N'ANAIMO— Sailed Nov 21 — Br stmr Wye
field, for San Francisco.
CALL.AO— Sailed Nov 24 — Ger Btmr Anubia,
for San Francisco. -
SHIELDS— Snalled Nov 24— Br shlo Pin
more, for Son Francisco.
KOBE — Arrived Nov C'."5 — Stmr Texan, from
Yokohama, and sails Nov 27. . r
Mariposa Captain Lawlees. sailed yesterday
for Tahiti. Owing to the fact that she does
not return until two days before Christmas,
her pfussenge r list was light. A number of
Eastern society people, attracted by the
charms of the trip as described by those who
have taken it will be passengers on the Mari
posa the next' time she leaves here, on the last
day of this year. Among those who left yes
terday for the Paradise of the Pacific were:
Rev. John Nouvialle. Mr. and Mrs. J. Dari
son. J. Darison Sr.. Andre Thibaudet. M.
Brun. David Paton. W. H. Robinson and O.
V. Welter.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— Dun's Week
ly Review of Trade ' to-morrow will
say: Retail and jobbing trade was re
tarded this week by unseasonably mild
weather and the interruption of an
other holiday, but as manufacturers
extend operations confidence is
strengthened by the receipt of larger
contracts for future delivery and many
inquiries that have promised to mature
in something more tangible. Postpon
ed orders of all kinds are being placed,
reports from every prominent indus
try are that idle mills are reopening
and the number of operatives gradual
ly increasing. Cotton spinning makes
the slowest progress, but the statistical
positions steadily improve as stocks of
Ercods diminish and the raw material
draws nearer the point at which the
mills can operate profitably.
Othor textile ' lines, footwear and
practically all branches of the iron and
steel industries are gaining strength.
Activity is noted in the movement of
freight, while railroad returns furnish
ed thus far show a gain of 6 per cent
over last year's gross earnings.
Foreign trade at this port for the
last week exceeds that of a year ago
by $2,432,364 in value of merchandise
exports and $l,f33,309 in imports.
Prices of wool are fully maintained
at recent advances. Eastern markets
ruling quiet because of timid offer
ings rather than any slackening of de
mand. Woolen mills are actively en
gaged, the only cause of complaint be
ing the price of raw material.
Failures this week number 205 in
the United States, against 25S last year,
and in Canada "9, compared with 14
a. year ago.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
Cold weather is needed to move retail
slocks of winter clothing, dry. goods
and shoes, reorders for which from job
bers are not brisk. On the other hand,
the trade in holiday goods has begun
well. Hftinufacturing industries are
active in most lines the country over.
Winter employment in the iron and
allied trades is assured and labor is
better employed than a year ago at
this date. Holding by farmers is cred
ited with affecting collections at sev
eral Southern points, but, as a whole,
payments are better than a year ago.
All the metals are strong, and cop
per, lead and tin show slight advances
on the week.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending November 24 num
ber 193, against 190 last week, 167 last
year and 1S2 in jI»02. In Canada failures
for the week numbered 31, as against
64 last week and 13 in this week a
year ago.
Wheat (including flour) exports for
the week ending November 24, aggre
gate 1,332,36€ bushels, against 1,289,642
last week and 2.S51.767 last year. From
July 1 to date the exports aggregate
2fc,010.447 bushels, against 68,282,7&5 last
year.
Dun and Bradstreet Report
General Activity in the
Various Lines of Trade
BUSINESS GROWS BKISK
Plants That. Have Been. Idle
Keopen and Others Add to
the Number of Operatives
The Pacific Mail Company's big liner
Kcrea. Captain Seabury in command,
arrived yesterday from the Orient. She
brought 527 passengers and 6334 tons of
cargo. For the first time in her career
l*ie Korea on the voyage just ended
found the ocean lough enough to shake
her big frame and give those aboard
;. taste of the tumbling with which ,
travelers on smaller vessels are fa- j
mfllar. AH the way from Yokohama to
Honolulu high peas contested the liner's '
way and fierce winds swept her broad
decks. Sh3 had to lie for ten hours
off Nagasaki waiting: for a pilot. She
arrived off the Japanese port after
dark, and as the harbor entrance is
elaborately mined for protection against
Russian visitors Captain Seabury could
not afford to take chances of losing his
ship. The Korea made a good run from
Honolulu, reaching; this port a few
hours before she was expected, and
3fter j>as£:ng quarantine she was
l-rought alongside the Mail dock as
only •'BSli" Seabury can perform that
operation.
The Korea's passengers were divided
as fellows: Ninety-nine in the cabin,
seventy-four in the steerage and 354 in
the Asiatic steerage. Among the cabin
passengers were glove-trotters from
many lands, government officials and
business men. Two prisoners under sen
tence from the United StatPS consular
cuurt at Yokohama to terms at San
Quentin were brought here on the Ko
rea. Albert Marshall, who three years
ago, when he was steward on the
steamship Peru, tried to kill Captain
Pillebury, the commander of that ves
sel, returned on the Korea after having
served two years in a Hongkong pris
on. Marshall, who declined to discuss
his case, was sentenced to four years in
jail, but is said to have been pardoned
after serving half his sentence.
The Korea's fassengers included the
following:
From Ctln* and Japan— James F. J. Archi
bald. Louis M. Allen. Vicente A'.Nrt. Cajtaln
P 1^ Blond P- Botcher, Charles de Brett. U.
de Brittvine Mi^ E. I5rown. O. Brunei.
James |L Dean, Miss Dutton. R. S !>"""•
Mrs. F. n Felt. T. A. C. Forbes Dr Paul
C Fr.-er Mrs. P. C. Ftctr: Mr*. Dr. Fu<?hr.
son and 'sen-ant: A. C. Gale, M. J. Oeary.
Mr? M J. Geary. William Hohmeyer. H. K.
He:r.an*. Wong Sul Kiv.g. Mrs. J. B. Lanker
sh:m. Miss Lankershim, J. B. L*"\ Mr* J.
B Lee W H. Lewis. Mrs. D. Love. Rev.
Robert "E Maclean. Mrs. Robert E. Maclean
and four children. Lieutenant Colonel Paul St.
C Murrvfcy. T. Murakami. Ellis H. Parrisn.
W A. Uandall Mrs. \V. A. Uar.dall and two
eons V,'. Baldwin Shearer. Chow See. K. Shi
mom'ura A. B. Stewart. Mrs. A. B. Stewart,
Mits Alma Stewart. Irving E. Stickney. Mrs.
Irving E. Stickler. J. C. Tarbaux. Dr. K.
M To'.free Wu Ton*. Mrs. O. V. Waixel. E.
Vatankbe ' T. J. Whelan. Mrs. T. J. Whelan.
C. E. Wheelwright. I. Yezaki and p<*rvant. Lin
Shen Yu. Son Yuen. Woo Yuen, W. M. Cam
eron. Stanley V. Ford. N. Ohno.
From Honolulu — John Baker Jr., TV. R.
Cattle C. H. Cooke. Miss C. H. Cooke. Miss
Outvie Clark Mrs. F. R. Day. J. D. Elwell,
<"=. Gay Mrs Judge G<ar. B. Kabey. Mis. S.
Ivabey Miss S. Love. George Martlr. Miss M.
B Mcl-eilan. lliw Carrie J. Pratt. M. Roeen
bledt KT. E. Rowell F. I,. RiBKS. Mrs. F.
I. P.ipr?. J Rosenberg. Mrs. R. A. Riggs. W.
Pchonian J- A. G. Shipley. Mrs. .T. A. G.
Ebtsley infant and son. Miss Gertrude Thay
er. Miss Mabel Thayer. Mrs. J. B. Sammom,
William Waterhouse. S. G. Walker.
STORMS TOSS THE BIG KOREA
if lf;MlKlQ) STOIDH/IP^ IRTOfYM TH1P 1RSO -Ffi^T
WORK FOR ALL
NATION'S MILLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26. 1904.
7
naifM rM^^^ ¦T'Eet KH^^tF nT TP\ BnBl B« Hffltl ftj f 8J fiu ES
(and daily excursions in Pullman tourist W&
leeping "cars without change from Los
ngeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, San W®
•ancisco, Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, a®
Dckton, Sacramento and other California ||
ints via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific g g
1 Chicago & North -Western Railways ||
" ough TOCHICAO© §
ad the East. Fast trains. Excellent J^»
iervice. Dining car service a la c&rtz.Mffl
Choice of routes. Low round-trip rates.*Jw
k Double berth to Chicago only $7.00.^g^
| ' lit South«rn PwiSc tid«t «g«na fcr fall infcrrution. /(J j fl liTTE^
>25sfySft?SL<<35i R. R. RITCHIE. General Agenl Pacific Coast, J\?WjV-j^W^
/g*S)ij|*gSftftyi C.4 N.W. Ry.,617 Market St., Palaca Hotel. *VjL
iggSSffE s - F - BOOTH. Gen'l Agent f ass'r DepU^^J^^^g^ |k
Features of
Call
The Sunday Call's Free Piano Les*
sons — Lesson J\fo. 2.
Grove's Music Siroplifier.
Second Installment "Double Han
ness."
By Anthony Hope.
$50. OO a Week, Prize Story Jin>
nouncement.
"The Clutch of Talons" Prize Story.
By Mark Roy Daniels.
"The Ways of a Man With a Maid."
By Kate Thyson Marr.
"In an Opera Box." ,
By Lillian C. Paschal.
"The End of It."
By Richard B. Shelton.
"Jottings of Old Lim Jucklin" (On
First Love).
By Opie Read.
"Rifles and Bullets."
By Walter G. Hudson, M. D. *
"On and Off the Bread Wagon."
By Charles Dryden. V
"Fables For the Foolish."
By Nicholas Nemo.
"Two Pairs of Eyes."
By Martha McCulloch Williams.
4 'What Women Want to Know."
by Madge Moore.
"Literature in the Making."
By Robert W. Ritchie.
* Df T^^l lar u iK r^i?
BEAUTIFUL ART SUPPLEMENT «^f> *^ f^
"COUNTING HIS MONEY" V KSLSL
COMIC PAGE— For the Children
Article by MR. DOOLEY
ADVEIIT1SO1EXTS.
"I hare ns~» ronr ralnatrte Ca«earet« and find
tbPtn oerfeet. Couldn't do without them. I b»r«
n«e<! tlivm for tome time for indigestion «nd bil-
iousness i.i.0 im now completely «>ured. llteoza-
ia*nd them to everyone. Once tried, you' will
never be «->thont them in the family."
Edward A. ilerx, Albany, N.Y.
vJ^X^^ CANDVCATrURTIC
?;c;uant. Palatable, Potent. Taste flood. Do Good,
Xovftr Sirken, Weaken or Gr1j>«. 19c. 2ic,50c. Kerer
told in ijulfc. The cennino t&Uet stamped CCC.
Guaranteed to curs or your tcooey back. • .
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 603 :
AffKUAL SALE, TEN MILUOK BOXESBobby — Sny, pop, what li a bore?
Papa — A bore is a person who tella
you so much about himself that you
&et no chance to tell him anything
HE KNEW.
An old style sword bearing the date
"1711," and which Is believed to have
belonged to Admiral Walker, who left
England in 1711" with 11.000 men and a
large fleet to capture Quebec and Mon
treal, and whose fleet was wrecked in
the lower SL Lawrence, was recently
found buried in the sand on Egg isl
and.
Andrew Carnegie says this is no
time for an international peace con
ference, thus effectually coutradictlnc
London Graphic laments "the decay
ut seriousness in England." This is a
negative way of asserting that John
Hull is now able to see a Joke without
I-.Ir.KVunclu-d.-Xew York Herald.
After an unusually active season of
holdups, the long suffering people of
Chicago was called upon to hold up
their arm? and be vaccinated. — Mil
waukee Sentinel. v
A mysterious stranger is selling
Cleveland saloon-keepers a concoction,
five drops of which will turn a glass
of water Into whisky— or something
which passes for whisky In Cleveland.
— Chicago Journal.
A Chicago newspaper says that John
D. Rockefeller is "rich beyond the
dreams of avarice." Rot! Avarice
never closes an eye. — New Tork Her
ald. V
Lord Selborne discovers only three
navies with histories — the French,
American and British. Russia's naval
distinction lies rather in explanations
than In traditions. — New York World.
the saying that no Scotchman has a
sense of humor. — Chicago Journal.
When Russians want a fine thrill
they can think of Stoessel. — Cleveland
Leader.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Another feature of interest will be "Jottings of Old Lim Jucklin,"
by Opie Read, in which the backwoods philosopher delivers himself
of considerable dry and pungent wit on "First Love." Charles
Dryden continues the adventures of his precocious youth, in "On
and Off the Bread Wagon," taking in a Polish wedding; Madge
Moore has a page on "The Practical Girl as a Money Saver"; Robert
W. Ritchie reviews current literature; Kate Thyson Marr contri
butes "The Ways of a Man With a Maid," and besides the usual
puzzle page there arc storiettes by Martha McCulloch Williams,
Lillian G. Paschal and Richard Shelton.
ii i-x OUBLE HARNESS," Anthony Hope's novel of London
I 1 society, runs through its second installment in The Sun-
* — day Call Magazine to-morrow. The story deals with
the experiences of a woman who, intensely idealistic and ex
pecting her ideals to be realized in her husband, Grantley Imason,
gradually comes to believe that she has made a mistake and that
her husband is too unimaginative and self-satisfied to understand
her. After their child comes the breach between them widens.
Only the plimpses she has of the quarrelings and bickerings between
married friends and acquaintances prevent her from an open rupture.
Then enters into her life Walter Blake, who, to her ardent nature,
seems to promise all that her husband has failed to realize. On
the very threshold of committing an irretrievable step she is recalled
to herself, in a sqene in which she, her husband and Walter Blake
figure, after the husband has overtaken them in their flight. This
scene, at a lonely wayside inn, is one of the most powerful por
trayals of character play upon character that Mr. Hope has ever
penned.
Another fiction feature of lively interest is "The Clutch of
Talons," the second $50 prize story in The Sunday Call's weekly
contest. Mr. M. R. Daniels, a senior at the University of Cali
fornia, is the author and the story is unusually strong and well sus
tained for a young writer. To-morrow will appear also the second
in the series of free piano lessons instituted last Sunday. These
chart lessons on chords are the invention of W. Scott Grove, a New
York music teacher of a lifelong experience. They have proven
universally popular in the East and have been generally recom
mended as a practical and simple short cut to skill upon the piano
forte.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
two seats from the end, staring at an
open letter with eyes widened in des
pair, horror and desperation.
Thi3 train made few stops, but at
the first station, in obedience to a sig
nal from the bell cord, it slowed doyn
sufficiently for the conductor and
brakeman to thrust the man ffom the
second step of the Pullman; then it
shot ahead at full speed to make up
the few seconds lost. The tramp re
mained standing where he had drop
ped, his face now keen and alert, and
his right arm upraised. As it swept by
the train brushed his clothing and the
wind of it stirred his rough, unkept
hair and beard. Three cars passed,
then came the observation car. Sud
denly his hand closed like a vise upon
the rear railing, his body swung out
and writhed for a few moments In mid
air, then his feet caught and he drew
himself in by sheer rorce of muscle
and nerve to the same crouching po
sition he had occupied on the Pullman,
forward.
Inside the car the other man wai
now tearing the letter into the most
minute fragments, as if striving to
annihilate Its contents. When the
pieces were too small for further re
duction they swept through the open
window and were scattered thinly over
half a mile of the roadbed. The man
rose and glanced about the car. It was
almost empty and the other passen
gers were buried in papers or books.
Ho turned back quickly, opened the
door and with a light spring threw
himself from the train, but not to the
ground! Just as he sprang the tramp
flung himself out suddenly, with noth
ing but his left hand grasping the rail.
As the two bodies came together the
tramp's right arm closed like a steel
band around the other, while the
weight of it bore them down, down
until their legs almost swept the mock
ing rails of the roadbed!
Not many men — not one In a thou
hand—could have sustained such a
weight in such a position, swinging
from side to side under the motion
of a train going at fifty miles an hour;
but gradually, little by little, the left
arm. contracted and drew them up, up
and In, until finally, with a last des
perate effort they were both crouching
upon the rear platform, white, gasping,
too exhausted to stand or speak.
The well dressed man recovered first.
The horror was still In"- his eyes, but
with it was something more. Perhaps
that instant In midair, with death In
front, had made him see more clear
ly; perhaps his miraculous rescue had
made possible the greater rescue from
himself. As he rose staggeringly, the
tramp's arm went out In feeble pro-
Beautiful hands! O beautiful hands!
Could reach out of the alien lands
Where you are lingering, and give me
to-night
Only a touch — were it ever bo light —
My heart were soothed, and my weary
brain
Would lull Itself into rest again;
For there is no solace the world corn
1 mands
Like the caress of your beautiful hands.
— James Whitcomb Riley.
When first I loved In the long ago.
And held your hand as I told you so-
Pressed it and caressed It and gave It a
kiss. '
And said, "I could die for a hand like
this!"
Little I dreamed love's fullness yet
Had to ripen when your eyes were wet.
And prayers were vain In their wild de
mands
For one warm touch of your beautiful
hands.
As I remember the first fair touch
Of those beautiful hands that I
love so much,
I aeem to thrill as I then wu thrilled
Kissing: the glove that I found unfilled —
When I met your gaze and tha queenly
bow.
As you said to me laughingly, "Keep it
now!"
And dazed and alone in a dream I stand
Kissing the ghost of your beautiful
hand.
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
Apple Puff— Fill a buttered baking
dish one-half full of sliced apples, pour
over the top a batter made of one-half
cup of sugar, one egg, one-half cup of
sweet milk and one cup sifted flour,
with one tablespoonful baking powder.
Serve with whipped cream or sauce.
Tea Biscuits— Into one pint of sifted
flour rub one tablespoon butter, one
tablespoon lard, one teaspoon salt; dis
solve one cake of compressed yeast in
one pint lukewarm milk, and make a
moderately stiff dough; set in a warm
place to rise; when well risen (which
will be in an hour) make into biscuits,
set to rise and bake in a quick oven.
Potato Salad — Boll potatoes with the
skins on, peel while hot and cut Into
dice; slice an onion very thin and add
a little salt and a dash of cayenne pep
per and pour over enough boiled dress
ing, to which a few drops of lemon
Juice have been added, to make the sal
ad a proper consistency.
HOftE COOKERY.
The important question: When docs
a bride cease to be a bride? is decided
by the London Queen, which says she
becomes a "wife" at the expiration of
six weeks after the wedding.
BEAUTIFUL HANDS
TTFE TRAMP'S RIGHT ARM
CI.OSTED IJTKE A STTCEL.
BAND AROUXD THE
OTHER.
ISS IDA GALBREATH. who
1 I 1 sharply rebuked Captain Rich
111 mond Pearson Hobson of Mer
* rimac fame for criticizing the
President, Is a teacher in the schools
of Columbia City, Ind. Aside from the
commendation of her own* conscience
she has a photograph of the President
and his . thanks as a reward for her
courage In rebuking a high officer of
the navy.
2UISS IDA GAIjBREATH.
T "T T HEN the Southern Palm Urn- j
\l\/ ited drew out from Jackson-
V V ville, north bound, there were
two young men on board un
der widely different circumstances, j
One was crouching upon the sec- j
ond step of a Pullman, forward,
with his eyes fixed grimly upon
the door through which the con
ductor would pass on his round of tick- j
et collecting. The other was In the
observation car at the rear of the train.
"I say you are not," she interrupt
ed, emphatically. "Maybe It was un
businesslike and maybe you are legal
ly responsible— I do not know about
that. But I do know you are no more
guilty than I am in the way the paper
puts It. Of course, you will let every
cent of your property go toward pay
ing these poor people, and if it isn't
enough we will pay the rest, off Just
as fast as we can earn It."
"Helen! Helen!" he remonstrated
sharply, "you must not talk like that
You do not understand. We cannot
be married now. Why, dear, I may be
arrested."
"All the more need you will have
for my help then," she replied quick
ly. "If I am to be a helpmeet there
will never be more occasion for it than
now. We will be married Just as goon
as we reach Washington, Just as we
planned, and then we will work to
gether to live this thing down. Why,
Robert!" !
For the young man's head had sud
denly dropped to the back of the seat,
and his shoulders were heaving con
vulsively. She sank to the seat be
side him, slipped one of her hands into
his, stroking it softly until he should
regain control of himself.
And miles behind them on the track
sat a tramp waiting for the next
freight. (Copyright, 1904, by Frank
H. Sweet)
"But don't you see it's Just the same,
Helen?" he said gently. "The money
was Intrusted to me and I am the sole
one responsible. If I neglected the
trust and allowed my partner an op
portunity to do tha rest I am really
the one to blame."
"Robert, what does tMs awful thing
about you mean?" she .exclaimed. "I
suppose you have seen the paper?"
He was holding to the back of the
seat for support, his face drawn and
haggard.
"No, you needn't show it to me.
Helen," he answered. "I have not
seen the paper, but I know what It
contains. It is true. I only discov
ered it myself a ehort time ago. I
was given my mall as we left the
hotel and slipped It into my pocket.
I did not read It until I left you and
your mother and came back to the
observation car Just now. It was all
In a letter from my partner."
The girl loolced at him, her lips
trembling; but she smiled. "I know
it is not true, Robert," she declared
positively; "not a word of it. I have
known you ever since we went to
school together, and you are utterly
Incapable of a thing like that. You
have not read the paper, so you do
not understand. Why, Robert"— her
voice quivered with Indignation — "the
paper says you stole half a million
dollars, and from poor people — most
ly people whose means of support It
was. It's absurd. You have been with
us the last three montns and this has
all happened within that time."
Five minutes later thet young man
was back in the car, two seats from
the end, still dazed and white. Sud
denly the door at the forward end
opened and a girl entered, holding a
paper in her hand. She came straight
to him.
test, but a hand fell upon t2ie arm
gently.
"No need of that now, my friend,"
the still white lips whispered- "I am
awake and in my ri^ht mind. I shall
never attempt anything like that
again."
The train beeran to slacken and at
that moment the door opened and the
conductor came out. They were pass
ing over a shiort piece of road where
repairs were being ma<le, and slow
speed was necessary. The conductor
nodded to hia passenger, but seemed
surprised at his disheveled appearance.
Then his gaze fefll upon the tramp and
his face darkened.
"You here!" he exclaimed; "and after
being put off onae, too.' And from the
looks of this young man you* have
been up to mere than stealing a ride
this time. I — **
There was a sudiden jerk, which in
timated that the train was about to
increase Its speed. The conductor
caught the tramp by the shoulder, and
with a quick twist sent him from the
train. The passenger uttered ttn angry
cry of remonstrance and tried to stay
the act, but too late. As the train
gathered headway they saw the tramp
go plunging and staggering down a
steep embankment, at the bottom of
which he righted himself and waved
his hand cheerfully at the receding
train.
BY FRflNK H. SWEET.
AT the mianlcsgjving dinner of the American colony in London
Sir Edward Clark took occasion to object to the people of
the United States adopting'for themselves the name "Ameri
can*" and calling their country "America."' The subject has been
discussed before.
Many years a^o, at a Fourth of July celebration by Americans
and foreign guests in Geneva, an eminent Frenchman made the
same criticism, and proceeded to an elaborate analysis of the origin
and construction of national names. He proceeded frorn this
analysis to derive for a citizen of this republic the name "United
Statesman." When this is examined, it is seen to lack entirely the
quality r,f distinctness and exclusive application. We have in this
hemisphere the united states of Mexico and the united states of
Brazil. On the isthmus, since Bolivar's day, there has been cher
ished a dream of the united states of Central America. So, seen
from the outside the bare term united states would require explana
tion.
The Frenchman found his analogy in the name of France and
French. Both terms are understood and are limited. Our name,
the United States of America, is older than the constitution. In the
articles of confederation adopted in 1777, confederating the original
thirteen separate colonies, article I said: "The style of this Con
federacy shall be the United States of America/' This was followed
in the preamble to the constitution of 1789, in which the convention
wrote that we "do ordain and establish this constitution for the
United States of America."
It will be observed that the article "the" serves other than its
merely grammatical purpose. It mearfe that there may be other
united states, but this is "the" united states. At the time it was
adopted this was the only United States of America. It is, there
fore, the senior and its juniors have only copied its style. We have,
it will be seen, the prior right to call ourselves Americans. When
we adopted the name all the rest of the hemisphere was in a colonial
condition. The Canadas were English, the rest of the hemisphere
was mainly divided between Spain and Portugal and the people
were Spaniards and Portuguese. We were the only Americans,
adopting the name of the continent as our name. When the revolu
tion began we called ourselves "Continentals," because we wished
to be differentiated from the peoples who owed a foreign allegiance
beyond the continent. The transition to "American" was perfectly
natural and in accordance with the principle governing selection of
style and title. So we were the first Americans and have become
the greatest, and will remain to the end the greatest Americans,
measured by our personal characteristics and our national power.
Our style and title are well understood by the whole world.
Sir Edward Clark's criticism was called out by an evolution of our
style, required by brevity and dictated by the rule of exact descrip
tion and designation. In view of the existence of other united
states, junior to us, in this hemisphere, our Government has dropped
"United States" as the designation of our foreign embassies, and
our diplomatic representative is now called briefly and descriptively,
"the American Embassador." The title is simple and dignified, and
belongs to us by prescriptive right.
Other nations adopt their names and bear them for reasons
sufficient unto themselves. For a long time after the fall of Calais
broke poor Mary's heart the English sovereigns styled themselves
"King of Great Britain, France and Ireland." In our first treaty
with Sweden the sovereign called himself "the King of Sweden, of
the Goths and Vandals." So also we have had treaties with "His
most Catholic Majesty" and "His most Christian Majesty." These
sovereigns chose the name that seemed best to express their power
or their pretensions. The people of this country are also sovereign,
and have the same right to choose the national name by which
they will be known. Our fathers called themselves Americans and
this America, and the union they formed became logically the United
States of America. These styles will endure. Sir Edward Clark
proposed to rcchristen us "Unona." But Mr. Choate, American Em
bassador, simply and with dignity dismissed the subject by saying
that "we are quite satisfied with our name."
OUR STYLE AND TITLE.
Miss Newell Drown, who assumed the
responsibilities of hostess last evening
at the Gayety Club dance at Century
Hall, proved herself most efficient. The
pleasure of the guests was well catered
to, Miss Drown overlooking no detaiL
The club Is congenial, overflowing with
the vivacity of fun-loving maids, who
are pretty and bright. And how they
love to dance! The membership remains
about the same as that of last season,
the addition consisting only of a few
of this year's buds. The members are:
The Buriingame Club will give a
dance this evening, and many people
are leaving town to-day to attend the
closing festivity of the week.
Joseph R. Knowland of Alameda
leaves to-day for Washington, where
he will soon enter upon hi3 Congres
sional duties. En route he will visit his
sister, Mrs. Saidee Knowland Coe of
Chicago, one of the cleverest pianists
and interpreters of Wagner in Amer
ica- Mrs. Knowland will not accom
pany her husband, but may follow later
to enjoy the social life of the capital
when in the height of Its glory.
There will be a radiant gathering of
the debutantes, notably Miss Mai3ie
Langhorne, Mis3 Anita Harvey and
Miss Alyce Sullivan, and a splendid
coterie of debutantes of older growth.
The patronesses are lira. Alfred Hun
ter Voorhies, Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Mrs.
Thomas Porter Bishop, Miss Maria
Voorhies, Mrs. James Potter Langhorne.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Bowman H.
McCaila, Mrs. William A. McKittrick,
Mrs. William F. Herrin, Mrs. Francis J.
Sullivan and Mrs. John D. Spreckela.
And, by the way. the fiat haa gone
forth that there shall be a dearth of
dinners before the dance, for the ob
vious and sane reason that a two
hours' session at table doesn't conduce
to a crisp, chic air.
Then down with, the dinners that pre
cede formal dances. They muss one
shockingly, and smudge one's noaka-up
so. Henc« the dictum. .And. besides,
it wearies the maidens fair till they look
like faded chrysanthemums. So, there!
But the Assembly on Monday promises
to be a vision fair and a living joy— for
at least three happy, fleeting hours.
Since the decadence of the Foftnight
lies the Assemblies and the Greenway
dances are the only terpslchorean
"stunts" vouchsafed the smart set, and
herefor the Monday night ball is .fair
ly a-glltter with the gladness of gowns
and things. Fresh gowns? "Why. Ioad3
of them, for here at the very birth of
the season the debutante — blesa her—
and her sisters aad her aunts are bud
ding forth in the crtsr>ness of new let
tuce. And what's fresher?
Monday begins the first of the famou3
Assembly dances at the Palace, &a of
yore.
In the afternoon there will be further
social intercourse and at 3 o'clock Ben
Greet will make an address.
The meetings of this body of women
are almost foremost in the city resnrd
ing matters of interest and Instruction-
The Sorcsis Club roons wffl be thm
scene to-day of a luncheon given in
honor of ilrs. Constance Crawley of
the Ben Greet Company.
The California Branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae, as host
esses, will also Include as g-uesta the
winter graduates (women) of the Uni
versity of California, and of Stanford
University.
Miss Hawea Is an Interesting naid.
and has had the advantage cf travel
for some time, having been about
Europe and other points of the grlobe
extensively during the past year with
her parents. The event to-day, a tea.
will be widely attended. Miss Hawej
i- & cousin of Miss Elena RobLcscn,
who is one of society's favorites.
To-day 13 the date far the fsnsal d»
but of Miss Eujrenia Hawes, daaghter
of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Schroder, who
will entertain at the Hotel Pleasaatca
from 4 to T.
• • •
The National Sod«ty of Coletrfal
Dames entertains to-day at Ioscheea
in the St. Francis. A larga nunib«r of
Invitations have been Issued and ac
cepted.
Elks' Hail will be tested as to capac
ity between the hctirs of 3 asd 5. fcr
aside from th* meetls? wi*h thesa
three charming woinen the programs:*
will be attractive. Among 1 other fea
tures the Papyrus Quartet— MLss
Flynn. Airs. Bri^s. Miss McCIoaisy
and Mrs. B. K. Arnold— will stag.
Mrs. W. S. Leaks la chairman of thm
reception committee.
Interest and anticipation ar» T«ry
keen anent the reception this aTrsmcon
to Mm*. Francisca, Mi33 Eva Wltfcro-w
ar.d .Miss Marie Withro-sr.
• * ' •
Mrs. Wnrthington Am*»V to*. In hon
or of Miss Elizabeth Amw, yesterday,
was d^Iishtfnl. Aside from serving
the usual purpose for a chat, so man7
attended to cordially welcome th*
younjr traveler home. Mtsa Ames,
Mrs. WOlard Drown and Mra. Oeor^*
Martin were among these In the r»
ceivinff party.
i Mis3 Christine Poir.eroy, Miss Emily
| Cardan, Miss Cora Sm*db*r;gr, .Miss
j Stella McCaila, Miss -La tie Collier. Misa
Helen Chesebrough. Newell Drown.
Miss Olga. Atfcerton, lllsa Ftuth Allrn.
3Ji33 Frances Allen, Miss Elizabeth
, Livermore. Hiss Ruth AIcNutt, Ifiss
.Emily Wilson, lllsa Hazel Kin?. M^
Lucy Gwln Coleir.an, il-33 Elizabeth
Huntlr.gton, Mlsa Linda. Cad »vallad«»r.
lliaa Aland Bourn. iris3 Marjnrte an<5
Miss Gertrude Jnsaelyn. Miss Margaret
Hyde-Smith. Miss Dorothy Eells. Ifis*
Carm^liti Selby and Miss Charlotte
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOKX D. SPRECKELS - ¦ ¦_¦ Proprietor
A&CfiZB* AL'« COMMUNICATIONS TO
lOStX McN T ACGHT •¦•• ¦ • *''•*• •'x'^.y*''.. ' *rv %¦**?**&*
tVPUCA?;CS OFFICE 1777. '"TtTiVrp" AXPMARKET STP.KKT?. SAX FRANCISCO
FATURDAY ~ NOVEMBER 28, ljMH
PRESIDENT
IS GRATEFUL
TO TEACHER
AS THE TRAIN
ROLLED NORTH
•THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call'*
Xornia street. Telephone Mala 1043. *
IRISH EXHIBIT— A. S., City.
There is no record in The Call's index
of events that shows that the British
Government protested at any time in
tl»» maitar oX an award to the Irish ex-
Wigson — Do you always sympathize
with the under dog in a light?
Jigson — Yes; except when the up
per doc ' hauDens to be my doar. •
NATURALLY.
Townsend'a California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched box*>s. 715 Market St.*
NOT ALWAYS A TAILOR'S BILI,.
Mrs. Collier Down — You complain
about my dressmaker's charges, but I
never say a word about your tailor
bills.
Collier Down — Yes, bu* a- dressmak
er's bill has to be said. '
GINSENG — J. P. R., City. This de
partment cannot advertise houses that
buy or sell ginseng for Eastern houses.
Such houses are private concerns and
this department does not advertise
such. '
BOW LEGGED— Inquirer, Watson
vllle, Cal. Bow legged Is applied to
limbs that are bowed outward. It i3
also used to speak'of crooked legs'.
LONE MOUNTAIN CROSS— I* SI.
H., Berkeley, Cal. The first cross that
was erected on the summit of Lone
Mountain, San Francisco, was placed
in position by direction of the late Sar
doc Alemany, then Archbishop of San
Francisco. It was placed there as an
emblem of Christianity and to mark
the locality of the then newly laid out
Catholic cemetery.
PRONUNCIATION— Reader, City.
Roadeaux is pronounced as if written
Roe-a-doe, with the sound of a as that
letter in far.
hlbit or any other exhibit. That gov
ernment In the early part cf the fair
entered a protest In relation to what
was called the Boer War exhibit.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A Stylish Cape Coat of Brown Cloth, Trimmed With Bands of
Chamois Cloth Over Which Dark Brown Cord-Braid Is
Laid in Curly Design. It Is Lined With Cream Lining Satin.
8H. C. Russell, Government astron
omer of New South Wales, will retire
at the end of the present year, after
a service of forty-six years.
Lieutenant Colonel Paul St. C. Mur
phy of the United States Marine Corps,
who has been stationed at Cavite, ar
rived from the Philippines yesterday
and is registered at the Palace.
All lovers of literary and dramatic
criticism will be pleased to learn that
Howard Malcom Ticknor of Boston Is
expected to arrive in San Francisco
during the first part of next month.
Mr. Ticknor spent some weeks on the
coast about five years ago on a lec
turing tour and the nattering, success
he received al that time coupled with
J. B. Lee and wife of London, who
are touring the world, arrived from the
Orient yesterday and are at the St.
Francis.
Marion De Vrles of the United States
General Court of Appeals in New
York arrived here yesterdajr and is
registered at the Palace.
William P. Hammon, head of the
big dredging company operating at
Oroville, is on a business trip to thl«
city and staying at the Palace.
Mark L. McDonald, a well-known
capitalist of Santa Rosa, and his fam
ily are at the Occidental.
Rev. J. A. G. Shipley and family ar
rived from Soocho, China, yesterday
and are at the Occidental.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Occidental was T. Tezaki, a Japanese
engineer, who Is on his way to London.
Thomas A. C Forbes, who is connect
ed with the India police, arrived from'
the Far East yesterday and is at the
Palace.
State Surveyor Victor Woods is down
from Sacramento for a few days and is
at the Lick.
J. M. Anderson, superintendent of a
private sanatorium at Stockton, is a
guest at the Lick.
Charles Kellus returned yesterday
from a four weeks' business trip in
the East.
Congressman James McLachlan is
up from Pasadena and staying at the
Palace.
PliKSOXAIi.
Dr. TV. H. Hood of Reno is at the
Grand.
Z. S. Spalling of Hawaii Is a guest
at the Palace.
C. P. Cuttin. an attorney of Eureka,
is at the Lick.
Dr. Georgia B. TVhitten of Spokane
Is at the Palace.
A. B. Stewart, a druggist of Seattle,
is staying at the Palace.
R. Smith, a wealthy resident of
Portland, is at the Palace.
F. A. Hihn, a well-known capitalist
of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.
Captain TV. B. Williams and wife of
San Antonio are at the Occidental.
Congressman J. W. Gillett of Eu
reka registered at the Palace yester
day.
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck is down
from Sacramento and is at the Occi
dental.
Humane Society Meet?.
E. E. Price, A. B. Mlchaelson, M. C.
Thomas, F. L. Wayne and Dr. A. J.
Redberg were elected members of the
Humane Society yesterday afternoon.
Secretary Holbrook's report for the
month Just ended showed that 162
ar.imals had been afforded relief and
that ten persons had been convicted
of cruelty. *
$7^50 for the trouble of cutting out a
coupon is the liberal offer made by the
Great American Importing Tea Co. See
their ad. on page 4.
A proposition to honor the memory
of KIrkwood, the war Governor of
Iowa, with a fitting memorial, is meet
ing with universal favor in the Hawk
eye State.
the genuine liking he conceived for
the people and the climate has led
him to decide to return and take up
his permanent residence here. Mr.
Ticknor Is a Harvard graduate, son of
William D. Ticknor, founder of the
great publishing house. He has been
engaged in Journalistic work with the
leading writers of America and Eng
land, having been on the staff of such
periodicals as the Boston Globe, Cour
ier, Advertiser, Herald, London Gra
phic, etc., has spent many years in
European consular service, and held
chairs in both Harvard and Brown
universities. Mr. Ticknor has already
completed arrangements for himself
and family to make their home at
2152 Sutter street.
A splendid production of "The Star
of Bethlehem." by the Ben Greet
company will be given this evening in
the Alhambra Theater under the aus
pices of the Catholic Truth Society.
The entire Greet company will par
ticipate, supported by the Clerken
well choir, which will sing the ancient
carols that are a splendid feature of
the famous "Miracle Play." Constance
Crawley will appear in the part of the
Angel Gabriel. Reserved seats may
be obtained during the day at room
£7, Flood building.
"Star of Bethlehem."
The Tuletide spirit is in the December num
ber of Sunset, •which has Just been placed on
sale at all news ftands. The cover depicts
"Santa Claus Oft the Ranfre," and there are
good Christmas otorieg by Mabel Craft Deering
and Ednah Robinson. The leading article is
a notable one on ''How San Francisco Grows."
by Rufus M. Steele, and Is illustrated with
some new photographs by Tlbbitts. There are
a dozen well-written articles In this number,
besides six good short Mories and the usual
amount of verse and miscellany. It is a beau,
tlfully illustrated magazine, and Californlans
ehould send it to Eastern friends. *
Christmas Sunset Magazine.
Miss Outtrim is an English beauty
of graceful figure and the prettic-st of
faces. She has personality and charm
to spare. Her American debut will be
made as a principal member of the
Tivoli company as Anette in "King
Dodo." This opera is now in course of
preparation and will have its first per
formance at this theater to-morrow
evening.
The Tivoll management has Just con
cluded an engagement with Miss Irene
Outtrim, an Australian singer who en
joys a theatrical distinction in that
quarter of the theatrical world that
is most enviable.
POPULAR AUSTRALIAN SINGER
WHO WILL. MAKE HER AMER
ICAN DEBUT AT THE TTVOL.I.
Attorneys Dibble and Vogelsang in
dicated plainly thaf they did not be
lieve the testimony of Low Doon and
announced that they would bring evi
dence in rebuttal, Including statements
he is said to have made to other
Chinese, and the custom-house records.
Lum Quoia, the alleged local widow
and responsible for Cunningham's ap
pointment, was also on the stand. She
told the story of her wooing and mar
riage in a moat direct fashion. Sum
marized as interpreted, she said:
"Chew Bing Quoia told my father he
wanted to marry me. My father told
him that he would speak to me about
it. Then Chew Bing Quoia said to
me, I have asked your father if I can
marry you? will you marry me."
"And what did you say?" queried
Attorney Hill.
Smilingly the "widow" replied: "I
said I like you if you like me. And
we were married. I was taken to his
house in a hack." She has lived there
ever since, as the attorneys for the pe
titioner admitted, to shorten the
examination. . . - , . •. .
It is apparent that somebody is
stretching the truth in the Chew Blng
Quoia case and the decision upon the
petition for the removal of J. J. Cun
ningham as administrator of the dead
Chinaman's estate Will depend upon
which Oriental witness is be
lieved. Several reputed sons and
nephews of the departed labor con
tractor testified recently that he had
married a woman named Low Shee in
China. Some of them described the
wedding ceremony, which they said
they had attended, in minute detail.
The marriage document was produced
in evidence and high Chinese dignita
ries were called to tell of the laws that
bind in the Flowery Kingdom.
Yesterday in Judge Coffey's court
the Cunningham side gave a blow to
all of this evidence. It placed one
Low Doon on the stand. He said he
was the brother of Low Shee and he
indentifled her photograph, which had
been put in evidence b,y the other side.
He declared that when he left China
she was living with her mother and
ten years later was still in the family
abode. She had never been married,
he said. Doon has been working in
the Alaska canneries for twenty-one
years and for five years he worked
for Chew Bing Quoia. He says that
Quoia lived with Ng Shee, one of his
"wives" in Portland, but that N'g
Shee had no children then. This is
another contradiction because the pe
titioner for Cunningham's removal is
Chew Lum, who claims to be the son
of Ng Shee and Chew Bing Quoia and
who supports the contention of Low
Shee in China. Doon said he did not
know Chew Lum.
After the matter had been generally
discussed it was unanimously decided
to call a mass-meeting at Temple
Emanu-El on Monday evening, Decem
ber 5. Governor Pardee will be request
ed to preside. Those who will be in
vited to speak are Judge Morrow, Pres
ident Wheeler, President Jordan, Arch
bishop Riordan, Bishop Hamilton, Dr.
Jacob Voorsanger, Rev. Mr. Leavltt,
Franklin K. Lane, Bishop Nichols and
Sheldon Kellogg.
The temporary organization's officers
are: Judge Morrow, president; Frank
lin K. Lane, vice president, and E.
Scott, secretary. The funds will be
handled by ex-Mayor Phelan and A. W.
Foster. The executive committee con
sists of Chief Justice Beatty, Justice
Angellotti, President Wheeler, Presi
dent Jordan, Judge Morrow, J. D. Phe
lan, A. W. Foster, William Babcock,
Archbishop Riordan, Rev. Mr. Leavitt,
Rabbi Voorsanger, Bishop Hamilton, C.
S. Wheeler, Charles Page, Garret Mc-
Enerney, R. C. Harrison, Warren Ol
ney, C A. Murdock, Dr. Lisser, J. S.
Bunnell, F. W. Dohrmann. S. G. Kel
logg, F. K. Lane, W. C. Van Fleet, F.
J. Symmes, G. A. Newhall, J. M. Sea
well and A. F. Morrison.
Preliminary steps have been taken
toward the formation of a local branch
of the National Arbitration Conference.
Many of California's most prominent
men have promised their assistance,
and a call has been issued for a mass
meeting that every one may have an
opportunity to Join the movement. The
primary aim of the proposed organiza
tion is to furnish President Roosevelt
popular support in his attempt to bring
about universal peace.
The leaders in the scheme and those
who have recently perfected a tempor
ary organization are Federal Judge
Morrow, Superior Judge Seawell, Jus
tice Angellotti, President Wheeler of
Berkeley, Mayor Olney of Oakland,
Rabbi Voorsanger, Dr. Lisser, Franklin
K. Lane, A. W. Foster, J. S. Bunnell,
Charles A. Murdock and E. Scott. The
meeting was called at the suggestion of
John W. Foster, chairman of the Na
tional Arbitration Conference.
Says That When Asked if She
Would Wed She Replied "I
Like You if You Like Me"
Branch of the Arbitration
Conference Will Soon Be
Formed in San Francisco
MEETING IS ANNOUNCED
LOCAL WIDOW TESTIFIES
Leading Citizens of State
Promise to Give Support
to President Eoosevelt
Startling Evidence Against
Claim That Low Shee Was
Wife of Chew Bing Quoia
The Entre Nous Cotillon dub held
its second gennan and assembly for
the eea*on In the new ballroom of the
Palace last evening.
Silk flags, palms and flowers were
used In decoration. Under the leader
ehip of Sanford G. Lewald. assisted by
Miss Etta Lengrehr, five figures of
the eerman were danced. The affair
•was thoroughly successful and the
rr.embers of the Entre Nous will give
a cotillon and supper on New Year's
eve at the Palace Hotel.
• • •
Bridge certainly is a magnet for the
cru-dplayers; they are untiring in their
devotion to the game, quickly re
sponding to the slightest bidding to
join in a hand.
Yesterday saw an informal gather
ing of players at the home of Mrs.
George Shreve.
• • •
Miss Caroline Quinan, accompanied
by Miss Hess Pringle and Miss Edith
McDonald of Santa Rosa, left yester
day on her long tour. She will be
in Europe for some time with her two
companions, and then travel on to
South Africa to make her home with
her brother.
Miss Quinan has been widely enter
tained and has made many new warm
friends during her; visit in San Fran
cisco.
• • •
Mrs. James Jerome and Miss
Jerome were guests yesterday of Mrs.
C. O. Scott, who gave a card party in
honor of the New Yorkers, who have
a wide circle of friends in this city.
• • •
Lieutenant and Mrs. Emory Win
ship will return early in December,
taking apartments at the St. Francis
for a time.
• • •
Miss Azelea Keyes, who is at the
P.Jlace with Mrs. Monroe Salisbury,
was entertained at tea yesterday by
i!;ss Paula Wolff.
Miss Keyes will be in town only a
Fhort time, for she is returning to
laris very soon again, although but
recently returned from an extensive
European trip.
• • •
Mrs. Godfrey will entertain at
biidge this afternoon in honor of Mrs. j
Frank L. Whitney.
• • •
Miss McNab and Miss Jessie McNab
vill srfve a tea Saturday, December 3.
Miss Linda Cadwallader will give a
luncheon in honor of Miss Anita Har
vey on Monday, November 28, and on
"Wednesday, the 30th, Miss Alyce Sulli
van will entertain Miss Harvey at
luncheon.
The Twentieth Century Club gives a
programme of music this afternoon.
Mrs. Samuel Knight has issued invi
tations for a luncheon on December 2.
Mrs. Charles Carter Nichols held a
reception, the second since her mar
riage, yesterday at her Washington
street home.
Receiving with her were Mrs. Covode,
Mrs. Ashton Potter. Mrs. Charles But
ters. Mrs. Alexander Garceau, Mrs.
Sc-uth worth. Miss Gertrude Buckley,
Miss Laura Hamilton. Miss Alyce Wil
kins. Miss Evelyn Norwood, Miss Nich
ols.
The Sunday entertainment is now to '
be augmented. Teas have prevailed
and have become both popular and con
ventional; now appears the luncheon,
which, though not initial, is still to
come in vogue. This rerers to San
Francisco; New York !s quite accus
tomed to the event.
Sunday, December 4, will see a de
lightful affair of this order in the home
of Mr. and Mrs. Carter Pitkin Pomeroy,
who have asked several guests to par
take of their hospitality on that day.
The formal debut of Miss Margaret
Hyde-Sir.ith will take place on Thurs
day evening, December L
Although the maid has been about
this season the coming affair marks
the official announcement, as it were,
of her presentation to society.
Mrs. George Hyde will be hostess of
the occasion, giving a dinner at her
Geary street home.
Mrs. G. A. Boyer entertained Miss
Marie Wells at tea yesterday after
noon.
BEND EFFORTS
TOWARD PEACE
NOT MARRIED,
SAYS BROTHER
NEW SOPRANO
WILL BE HEARD
AT THE TIVOLI
ENTRE NOUS
CLUB DANCE
IS SUCCESSFUL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
WRAXGLJXG.
An Old Couple's Troubles.
There is an old ccraple of Hillsdale,
Kansas, the husband 71 and the wife
67, who made a discovery le.te In life
that would have saved lots of their
troubles, something they learned about
Ciet
Th* old gentleman says: "One day
the doctor told me my wife's trouble
was not heart disease but her stomach,
but she thought he was mistaken. As
I had read several statements In the
papers about Postum Food Coffe* my
rsind was soon made up, and it was
in the fall of 1901 that I got a pack-
age of Postum, asking my wife to try
it.
"She said she did not believe it would 1
help her. and so it was laid aside and !
ehe suffered ail the winter, drinking I
coffee all the time until about the first
of May, when she was In terrible dis-
tress.
"One night about our bed time she
eaid she must have the doctor, but be-
fore you go fix a little Postum and I
•fta try it-
"So I prepared half a pint of Postum |
according to directions, and as soon as '
ehe had drank it she felt warm and
nourished all over and in a little while
her pain was jrone, it was like magic. ;
For a fevr meals she used a little cof-
fee and th<?n a wrangling began In her
stomach each time, so finally she gave
up coffee altogether and used Postum
only. Better and better she got and
prew stronger and finally all the old
disease left.
"Since that time we have used noth-
ing but Postum, nor have we had any
occasion to call for the doctor since,
and I now advocate Postum to every-
one I meet." Name given by Postum
Company. Battle Creek, Mich.
Bo many people say, "Coffee don't
hurt." and then tell you they "know
a man 70 years old who has drank it
all hla life." That doesn't prove that
you can drink it. "One man's meat Is
another's poison." If coffee agrees and
the Crtnker keeps wolL stick to it, but
I^f any kind of ails or disease show,
better heed the warning and quit cof-
Look in eaeh'pkg. tor the famous
little book, Tfce Road to Wellvtlle."
AMUSEMENTS.
'W mJtU&triiT*-—* Law* njTjJjW
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT Sy 7 ?? TO-NIBHT
Oliver Morosco Offers
Howard Gould — J. H. OQxnonz
And the Majestic Theater Company In Richard
Harding Davis* Fascinating Comedy,
THE TAMING OF HELEN
- Reappearance of Adele Block.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
BEZT — "IN 2XXZZOT7BA."
* CALIFORNIA*
MATINEE TO-DAY. 1
Last Time To-Night. |
ABTITUK DUNN. Eg
In the New York Casino Musical Com- B
edy Triumph, gj
THE RUNAWAYS I
TO-MORROW NIGHT— The Callfor- B
nia favorite!". GALLAGHER and BAR- |
! RETT in 'FINNIGAN-3 BALL." A S
, glorious welcome for the first home— Kj
_ coming of the two popular Native Sous. •!
yg; •¦¦«•¦;.« .'^? r ga.'?*» »rr :sgf c~~* yi 7 "^
A STUPENDOUS SHOW!
MR. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW
"Webb's Seals; DeWitt, Burns and Vor-
rance; Tye* and Jermoa, and Orphoom
Motion Pictures, Showing- "The Ziork
Child."
Xast Times of Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mur-
phy; Carlisle'* Dog's and Ponies;
Ausrasta Qlose and the Three Samoa-
lexs.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c, 23c and 80c "
GRAND SS5i£
."And your* delightedly laughed hard
and applauded for blisters." — Ashton Stev-
ens In Examiner.
THIS WEEK AND NEXT.
MATS. TO-DAY AND TO-XOBBOW.
SHOW 6 GffiL
NEST I THE BOYAX,
ATTRACTION I COSTED1AN3
Williams frWalker -A'.^.-
A Splendid Snow Every Afternoon and
Evening la the Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THB REIGNING SENSATION OB" CONET
ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIR,
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE!
Electric Fountain Display To-VUrht.
ADMISSION 10c \ CHILDREN Bo
PaiarA DON'T FAIL TO
ramtc Bee bcantifa i
j COURT Lonnring
51 II fl room, the EMPIRE
aiiu parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
linHIU LOUIS XV PAR-
U A~l~ DIES* WRITING
ilotels room-
A>roSE3LENTS.
P D A PJ PI Last Performance
UliAliU TO-DAY at. 2
OPERA LUCIA
i lime. Pannle Francisca as Lucia
Great Cast— Chorus -Orchestra
: B fl AT MESSENGER BOY
1 fl X I NIGHT SATURDAY,
! LtiU I NOVEMBER 26.
I*fIfV?/^ BEGINS
¦ KJN1.S SUNDAY
• Ml>iV EVENING,
I DODO 2 N rT MBER
Seats Always Selling — Regular Mat. Sat.
ALCAZAR^mT
General Manager.
Matinee . To-Day and To-Morrow*
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
RICH IN HUMOR AND WIT.
THE VILLAGE 1---
POSTMASTER p tTta "
Ideal Holiday Attraction for Old and Young!
Full of Fun! Charming Sentiment!
The Threshing Machine Sensation.
Evg3. 25c to 50c. All Matinees, 25c to 50c.
Monday, Nov. 28— Hall Calne> Master Work.
THE CHRISTIAN.....
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 5T5.
MATINEE TO-DAY AUD TO-MOBBOW. j
LwAST TWO NIGHTS.
Th« Strongest anrf Most Sensational Melodrama
Ever Written,
QUEEN OF THE
WHITE SLAVES
A POWERFUL. STORY. POWERFULLY TOLD
Prices EVgs. 10c to 50c. Mats. 10c, 15c, 23c.
Next— THE LITTLE CHURCH AROUND
THE CORNER.
TONY LUBELSKI General Manager
IOVEK 7500 PEOPLE ON I
THANKSGIVING DAY |
Witnessed the Ten Greatest Acts In tha World
rOB 1O AND i»O CENTS.
Strictly High Class Vaudeville.
You Wonder Why?
Because Every Number Is a Posltlva
"HEADLINER."
Performance Every Afternoon at 2:30.
Twice at Night— 7:30 and 9.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees — Continuous
From 2 to 6.
' Saturday and Sunday Nights — Continuous
From 7 to 11.
Children to Any Seat. 10c.
See "AN IMPOSSIBLE VOYAGE." Most
remarkable moving picture ever exhibited any.
where.
mm! jfc, Racine!
New Jockey
California W$ Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Commencing SATURDAY, . November 12.
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
6 P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12-30 1:00, 1:30 or. 2:0O. Returning trains
leave" the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
MSCELJiAXEOUS AMUSEatEXTS.
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Oakland.
LAST WEEK OF PENNANT RACE.
- At Eighth and Harrison its.
WEDNESDAY. FRIDAY and SATURDAY.
3 cm. "'
THANKSGIVTNO DAY and Sunday. 2:30 p.m.
LADIES FREE ON FRIDAY.
Advance «ale ; of seats at 5 Stockton at.
INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
CottrsJag win begin at 11 o'clock sharp ar.rl
continue until tha laat Winstar Has goe« n?»
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All M!s«lcn-st. cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to tha park.
JOHN GRACE. Judgs.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper-
vULUmiSI A mm ihhuE
MATINEE TO-DAY.?
TO-NIGHT AND
ALA. NEXT WEEK.
Charles B. Dlllingham Presents
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In the Clyde Fitch Comedy.
HER OWIN \A//\Y
German Performances — To-morrow (Sunday).
••GROSSSTADTLUFT."
Dee. 4 — "Im Weissen Roes3i." Seats ready.
MlSCELLAyEOCS AMrSE3iEXTS.
SEATS NOW SELLING
AT SHERMAN. CXAT & CO/3.
BEN GREETS PLAIEBS
in ISe Star of Bethlehem
PROF. OATLET'S MIRACLE PLAT.
LYRIC HALL
All Next Week — Wednesday. Friday. Sat-
urday Matinees. $1 SO. fl. 73c.
MISCELLANEOUS.
A TOUGH PROPOSITION
Often confronts the man who's par-
ticular about his linen and the manner
of its cleansing.
It's one our laundry methods sofrre
pleasingly with the first bundle we
have and it's good for your parse and
your linen.
UTEDSTSSLAeiRy
1004 UA&ZET- STS3IET.
Talapflone Strath 43O.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB.VT ST. EstaiUshed
In 1934 for the treatment of PrtraU
Dtwases. Lest Manhood. Debility oi
1 i«eas» wearlogon body and mind and
Skin Dfs«*«Mes. The Do«oreure»wlies
others fail. Try hnn. Charges low.
«nr<-« cn.trnnK-rd. Call or wri',4.
I» r . j. r. *i I uou.\ , t*aa rraadacs. Cat
* Grand Opening of^ Premium Exhibit. J
11! "Something Doing" Nu { ° & of Tei\ Free 1
(Fifth Floor, Pragers) (|
To inaugurate the opening of the Premium Annex 1
at Pragers Department store, Market and Jones streets,
to-day, on presentation of books there will be "some- I
thing doing" to the number of ten free. Books must
positively be brought to the annex to secure thefree gift. |
J P Z^:Z ThereWiUBe"S0methingD0ing"atPragers| J^^
............ Uu *W*1^* ft iff * afternoon, 2 to
In Our I HIS IV10rniIl§ 5; evening, 7 to
4~* *&&6\ =====^^ ===^ ==^^ == ' r ° • Splendid
Vfliv 8:30 until ndbn; thereafter until the closing hour the usual programs have
(Fourth Floor) shopping inducements will be given. been arranged. I
Grocery and Liquor Specials Special Sale Men's TrOUSerS i
(Fourth Floor) -_*- <Main Floor) 1
until 10 o'clock this evening only. I suits [
_ ... _ . . - I All-wool Cheviot and Cawi:c«r* *
Whiskey — Jesse Moore Castile Soap— -Imported — gulu In grayi. browns &nd fancy mtx- _ K
, . , large size bars — regu- tures: coats are made with bread j£P5v I
A. A.; a bottle larly 25c a bar — spe- shoulders, -mug fitting collars and A£A f'
cial this evening Bhape-retaJnlne front*; every iu!t la v^i. ¦
worth at least $12.50; uCQ fi£* 17 *>w t
*?A,_ <1 im.***.~ 3r>» exceptional yalu« at TL//j7>*^ M
/ Ur / ft/irC \^C Here Is another offering of those *fiffnlllt/T^ H
I /W L MUlO Vf)\J fine "American Mill" Worsted Suit* /w/f///////SJsS\ A
- in all the latest color.: browna la fi/W I/////// Cv$^\ M
i-« »r-» *•*.'.¦*¦- itf\ r^\ r* i strlpea. overplalds, fancy mixtures. iff I ill, i '/'.»V«cKVC^ i'J
Reap the B nefit of Our Cb^r nee Sale grays, etc.. as w«u as mn am wugu m fl'. i0ta9^s£&, ij
; and dark colors: th«s« suits are all J\4th7ii ,Yk<V J^V^j t\
w*. 4f» mm Cjr««l* hand made and worth regularly Pcis&*l,, [ x \\\^L^ifs*/ H
Pragers $5 Millinery s^sss^sisiss W0m^
\l\OrialC An extra special value In Men • JSrl^lta 'I
OUvV/IdlO Overcoat* tisat come m Oxfords. Black PSiiXtitS \\
« and fancy Cheviots; we have them. \XHLi-i-i-^H r.\
(Second Floor) m stylish lengths, and all are lined fP^^Xtf » 1
• ~^2gk>^ This is a chance not to be with the best luu» <*£»,.«*•£; ||fejjf [1
i *|££2&£5^ overlooked. We are conducting- »„ plain. Special % Satnr- CQ ft^ ZSti,' 11^ H
>8g|filgF a big Clearance Snle of all of ffiSfeS H
our Millinery, and besides those r'r this evening we have sel«t-d : j
Hats made as $5.00 -^cial.- we twelv* .tyle. of*^ 001 0 .'- N
TMgfrar have included a number from iXlmAr S^ituT^? S» *fe# H
" iHSl -£/ Our re S ular stocfc- worth more th * n th * t * bat *" tV?$°n *JKp $K£ l\
ifcTT C K. 1 ouV Men's 1*" Stlf P
and the best to be obtained in any store ' gg*& ""fl H L Ja fj M FiT £3 ZL& I them" *t » '*?§' »J
in this city. There 1» no disputing that , \Jg]W§». «V |r©'^M'V %ir /^r the very \\
fart when the values are seen. rz&yr ¦^W^ >>^ ' ow Pris* li
There are Turbans. Chenille fH a ¦ v4/A-v«^w»r*i ¦ a r»» J^ of. a pair. M
Hat.*, bis flaring shapes. Sailors . Vp] • ALWAYJ RELIABLE j H
and dozens of others. All per- iJSr Xff A nffFT*-^: mf^hlFS CTV Cl 0Q •
feet in finish and up-to-date in! tp- MAfClYJbl r dZ&C/lf/Y£& O/iJ \ dliOO {
style. Special sale of natrimmed w \ n
¦hapes GOc and 7l>e ¦ ¦ fl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your Liver Telephones
aid when there is trouble. ; When you have a bad,
a " dark brown " taste, when you have a sick
headache or a sallow skin — they are messages from
the " seat of war " demanding attention, and there
are disagreeable times if you don't pay attention.
You know what it means to get bilious, and how
nasty these occasional attacks are, but how serious
when chronic! The simplest cure is the easiest
and that's by using
They arc small and tasteless — easy to take, but
they roll right to the right spot and limber things
up so that you "feel like a colt" before you
the work has begun.
You can eat what you want and do what you
want if you will keep Beecham's Pills handy.
You will be surprised at your vivacity and vigor.
If you will take Beecham's Pills occasionally your
system will always be helped.
Get What It Galls For.
Sold Everywhere in Boxes, I Oc. and 26c.Golf, which has been somewhat at a
PEESIDIO COMPETITION
Golfers of the Claremont
Country Club Have Course
That Is Quite Picturesque
FINE LINKS
AT OAKLAND
A considerable part of the Corin
thian fleet is still lying at its moor
ings in Belvedere cove, awaiting an
opportunity to get Into the lagoon for
safety from the storms of winter. The
bridge was raised last Sunday and the
yacht owners were ready to take their
beats through the .entrance, but the
tide had turned and the work could
BRIDGE UNWIELDY
Await Opportunity
to Get Into the
Lagoon.
YACHTS STILL
AT ANCHORAGE
IN BELVEDERE
:;l When . i ove sets .the, task :. the laborer
I never 'thinks ' of' demanding shor'te"r
hours. '¦"' :>- - \ ' * -
-¦.-. ¦ \
Accused Before Heacock.
H. W. Miller and W. H..Boren were
arraigned yesterday before United
States Commissioner Heacock on a
charge of subornation of -perjury In
connection with timber land frauds.
Bail was fixed at $2000 in Miller's case
and at $1500 in the other. Novem
ber 30 was set as the date for the
examination.. The bail of F. JL Fink
was fixed at $500 on the charge of
unlawfully boarding the ship Europa.
John Healy, while carrying ah over
cargo of Thanksgiving cheer, . tum
bled off the* back porchvof his resi
dence ,. at 4 30 Clementina street ¦ at 3
o'clock : yesterday ¦ morning. ' 1 The In
juries which he received were treated
at the Emergency' Hospital. ' <
Healy Tumbled Off the Porch.
T. L. Granquist, a" sailor .living at
320 .Drumm street, /was found lying on
the sidewalk at Drumm and Oregon
streets early yesterday morning cov
ered .with blood. He was sent to the
Harbor. Emergency Hospital, where it
was found that there ; were two cuts
on his face, two on his breast, and one
on 'his 'thigh and' abdomen. He said
he -had been attacked by three Italians
without Vany.- provocation. . Detectives
Bunner "and* Coleman -have been" de
| tailed : on f the .case.WBnHBferi
Slashed -With a Knife.
Leonard Chenery | 1C2 I 10 S3
F. H. Beaver 100 , 9 id
R. J. Woods 105 12 1)3
W. J. Dutton .•. no 11 $M
Admiral Trilley m 14 97
Captain T. W. M Draper.. 123 18 111
E. H. Kinney, \handicap 12; C. M. Ben
nett, handicap i^; A. B. Watson, handi
cap 10; C. F. Mullins, handicap 10, and
Dr. F. W. ClampHt made no returns.
In' the match play the contestants are
paired as follows: G. E. Staxr vs.
Worthington Ames!, Rolla V. Watt vs.
R. G. Hanford, R. I. Bentley vs. win
ner of play-off of the. tie between S. C.
Buckbee and W. H. L«p. Boyteaux, and
L. F. Monteagle vs. J.l^R. Clark. Tha
two players who reach the final round
will receive the first andgweond prizes.
ing the /. Siwashes for fourth place,
though the glory of that feat does not
stand for, a great deal. , - -¦
The Supervisors' Judiciary Commit
tee yesterday recommended the .• re
enactment of fourteen old ordinances
containing police regulations recom
mended by Chief of > Police Wittman.
The- subject matters of the ordin
ances are not covered by the Penal
Code and Wittman urged that they be
put into force as essential to_ the peace
and welfare of the . community. •; The
proposed ordinance prohibiting' the
shaking of dice ' for '" money in v places
I open to public view was also recom-
I mended.
Re-enacts Old Ordinances.
F. R. Seed, a carpenter, fell three
stories from a scaffold on a new build
ing at Alameda and Twenty-fourth
streets yesterday. In falling: the man'3
tongue protruded to such an extent a3
to ret between his teeth In such .1
manner that the jar amputated about
a quarter of an inch of the tip. His
jaw was also badly fractured. The In
jured man was treated at the City and
County Hospital by Dr. W. M. Law
lor. .
Part of His Tongue Bitten Off.
The bridge will be raised again to
morrow and the yacht owners will
make an attempt to pass through into
the lagoon.
The smart sloop Espy, formerly
owned by the Davis boys and enrolled
in the Corinthian Yacht Club, has
been bought by R. M. Welch, H. G.
Toll and Herman GIngg of the San
Francisco Yacht Club, to the fleet of
which the boat will be added under
another name. The sloop Aeolus of
the Corinthian Yacht Club and the
yawl Royal of the San Francisco
Yacht Club are open to purchase. The
sloop Merope has passed, into the
hands of some members of the San
Francisco Yacht Club and is at moor-
Ings in Larkspur creek. The sloop
Espy is at Escalle for the winter. The
schooner White Wings is lying at
moorings off the Vallejo Yacht Club
house.
not be accomplished. The bridge,
after being raised, refused to be low
ered and remained in the air for two
or three days, converting the penin
sula of Belvedere Into an Island and
compelling the residents to employ
row-boats or launches to reach the
ferry.
Several of the ark owners took ad
vantage of the open bridge and the
moonlight nights to get their un
wieldy craft into winter quarters in
the lagoon.
The race with all its faults has been
one. of the most exciting In the history
of baseball in any league. During the
first half, Oakland, Tacoma, Los An
geles and Seattle were all bunched at
the top of the' ladder and only a few
points separated the four of them.
The Tigers . then showed their true
colors, while the , Commuters slumped
and displayed the yellow streak. The
Angels never fought hard enough to
figure, while Seattle lost ; through
overconfidence and hard, luck at "the
last moment
San Francisco, as usual, proved a
tramp team — a' team that did not
even get the sympathy of the home
crowds. Away from home, the Seals
could not - win a ¦ s«ries. When the
fans did get warmed up and expected
something, the Harris aggregation al
ways fell 'down.' At that, ' they have
played great: ball "during :-. the 'last
month and are about certain ' of -i beat-
From a financial standpoint, the de
cisive victory of the Tigers in the
second half is a disastrous thing. Just
Imagine the crowds that Oakland and
Tacoma would draw in this city In a
pest-season contest The manage
ment loses thousands of dollars and
the public misses the chance of seeing
a royal contest between two evenly
matched ball teams. But the for
tunes of the national. sport have been
shared by the Tigers alone, and they
managed to triumph while their op
ponents were found wanting. !;}-¦'-
The victory of the Tacoma aggre-,
gation is an Illustration of what a
well organized ball team can do. It
also demonstrates what a heady leader
like Charles Graham is capable of ac
complishing with a team that was far
from being a stellar aggregation on
paper. The Tigers were trained to be
gome and to fight They lived, up to
this tutoring in all but two series with
Oakland. After showing the yellow
streak for a while, they rallied once
again and came back fighting till
they jumped Into the lead once more
and galloped in lengths ahead of the
field.
1004 is about to pass into history and
the pennant is ready to be delivered to
Mike Fisher, king of the Tigers and
the gamest manager of the lot. A
week ago any one would bet that Ta
coma would not annex the flag with
out at least going through the for
mality of indulging in a post-season
series of games with either Los An
geles or Oakland. But the Tigers
showed they are there at the critical
moment, while the Angels and Com
muters fell down when the final test
was at hand.
The men who have blinds on the
marsh near San Mateo and who are
putting out bait are getting excellent
shooting. Blue bills were unusually
numerous last week and big strings
were secured.
Conditions generally seem unfavor
able for quail shooting, but small re
turns being reported. Fred King,
who is an expert 00 these birds, killed
but three in a day's shoot recently.
Twelve of the Empire Gun Club
men were on their extensive Monterey
preserve last Sunday. Birds were
plentiful and a good shoot was en
joyed. A larger attendance is expect
ed to-morrow, as a number of mem
bers will be accompanied by guests.
A. M. Cumming and other members
of the club have had good sport thi3
season. Mr. Cumming is often ac
companied by his wife on his sporting
pilgrimages. She handles a light rad
or breech loader with marked skill
fcrd contributes her share to the total
returns for the day. She knows the
lakes and mountains of the high Sier
ras as it is given few men to know
thrm.
Tcm Casey stumbled upon a bevy
of quail near Novato two weeks ago
which he estimates numbered <!00
birds. He secured seventeen and
counted on a limit bag a week later.
This time he saw few birds and killed
but six. Many empty she'ls told the
tale of the extermination of th-> beau
tiful rame birds.
H. B. Hosmer shot as the guest of
the Field and Tule Club members last
Sunday and secured forty-three fine
*prig, the best bag of the day.
portions of the mar3he.s are fairiy
overrun with men in quest of a few
birds. These men are continually
moving from place to place and scare
all the birds away. More considera
tion for others would probably mean
better results for themselves.
The recent bright moonlight has not
been favorable for good shooting. The
birds come in during the night to feed
and are away again before daylight
A late fog hung over Collinsville
last Sunday and the birds did not
work right for the men who were m
the marsh.
A handicap tournament over eighteen
holes, medal play, was held on the 1
links of the San Francisco Golf Club
on Thanksgiving day. The prize offered
for the best gross score was won by
Dr. J. R. Clark with 83. The course,
in spite of ths rough treatment it re
ceived from. the soldiers, is in fair con
dition. The eight players who made
the best scores, after deduction of the
handicaps, qualified for the handicap
competition over eighteen holes, match
play. Those who" qualified and their net
scores were: Dr. J. R. Clark. G. E.
Starr, Rolla'V. Watt and R. I. Bentley,
82 each; Worthington Ames, 83; L. F.
Monteagle, 84, and R. G. Hanford, 85.
S. C. Buckbee and W. H. La Boyteaux,
having made net scores of 86 each, will
play off for the eighth place. The hand
icaps given in the qualifying round will
be kept throughout the competition.
The details of the qualifying round fol
low:
Competitors. . . |Gross.|Hdcp.| Net.
Dr. j7r. Clark . : S3* I 1 S2*
G. E. Starr. RH | « g2
Rolla V. Watt.........;;... 04 12 82
R. 1. Bentley 00 8 S2
Worthington Ames . 03 10-83'
L. F. Monteagle.V. ......... 96 12 84
,R..G. Hanford 03 v8 85
"W. H. La Boyteaux." 94 ' s SO
S. C. Buckbee .......... \.. 104 IS 86
J. A, Folger 93 . q 87
C. P. Eelis . . . JM5 8 £s
S.~L. "Abbot Jr..'..;........ 92 4 to-
H. C. • Golcher . V. ........... SD . go
j S. U. Boardman lo« i<j on
I Captaitt-J. S.:Oyster.-..;...; ¦ 04- - 4 90
. AV.F. George...... ....V.... 101 10 9l
C. H. Bentley.... ......... .| 100, 1 . 8 \ 92
standstill in Oakland during the present
year, bids fair to revive with the open
ing of the Claremont Country Club,
which will take place on Saturday, De
cember 3. During the day there will be
a golf tournament, competitions in
lawn tennis and Scotch bowling and a
trap-shooting contest. In the afternoon
there will be music and refreshments in
the clubhouse.
The road leading to the club grounds
will be completed during the coming
week. Visitors . from San Francisco
should travel by the Key Route, taking
the Piedmont line and getting off the
cars at the last station. Cars will con
vey them thence to the club.
The first nine holes of the new course
are ready for play, and work is being
done on the second nine. The course
for the first nine holes requires straight
and accurate driving, for a ball which
falls outside of it will be as good as
lost. The remaining nine holes are laid
out on open land, affording unlimited
scope. George Smith, the resident pro
fessional of the old Oakland Golf Club,
says the new course when the eighteen
holes are completed will be superior to
any. links in California.
Excellent judgment was used by
the tournament committee of the Cal
ifornia Club in allotting the handicaps
on Thursday. In events of this kind
as a rule only the best players sur
vive the first day's play. Of the nine
men left four are on the "owe -15"
mark, one scratch, one "15," two
"15 3-6" and one "30 3-6."
The only match left in the second
round is that between Harry Rolfe
and Sherwood Adams. They will
meet on even terms and it is a toss-up
between them. Rolfe is a steady
player, but Adams . is • probably a
higher class man, somewhat out of
practice. The winner will be called
upon to "owe 15" and give "30 3-6" to
M. Little. These are tremendous odds,
but it is. thought either one can dis
pose of the limit, man.
A good match will result when
George Janes and Melville Long come
together. Janes defeated Herbert
Long on Thursday and it is safe to say
the younger Long will do his best to
lower Janes' colors. Janes will allow.
Long owe odds of 15. Long is consid
ered by many to be almost as clever
as his opponent and with his handicap
his chances look good. ' v : ; f - ' ,:'' ."-i
, The last match in the third round
will.be between Will Collier and
George Cutler. ; The handicapper
probably underrated Cutler. * and he
will make trouble for his opponents.
The match between Long and Janes
was a hard fought affair and i shows
how. evenly matched are these clever
young players. As a rule Long beats
Janes in. practice, but the latter plays
a steadier tournament game.
The mixed doubles event proved un
usually interesting and was produc
tive of some good tennis, Miss An
nabel Vodden and Charles Foley
(owe 3-6) will play Miss Ethel Rat
cliffe and Charles Dunlap (owe
15 3-6) in the semi-finals. It Is ex
pected Miss Ratcliffe and Dunlap will
win this match, although their op
ponents are two clever young play
ers.
In the second round one match re
mains to be played. Major Van Vleit
and his daughter. Miss- Sarita, play
ing from scratch, will be opposed to
R. C. Noble and Miss Mary Ratcliffe,
who are "15 3-6" behind scratch.
George Baker and Miss Vera Crocker
(owe 3-6) will play the winner of
this match in the semi-finals. All
matches, including finals, will consist
of two sets out of three.
events were started on Thursday and
by to-morrow night five tournaments
will have been completed. The mixed
doubles tournament will be finished
this afternoon on the Golden Gate
Park courts. The remaining matches
in the handicap singles will be played
to-morrow on the California Club
courts.
championship of the California Asso
ciation Football League are scheduled
to take place to-morrow. The Albion
Rovers will play against the Pick
wicks at Freeman's Park, Golden
Gate, J. Frew being the appointed
referee. The game will begin at 2:30
p. m. The teams will be made up as
follows:
Albion Rovers. Positions. Pickwicks.
Lowe Goalkeeper W.T. Bowcock
Martin Right Back A.E.Bowcock
John (C.) Left Back Kerwin
Sully Right Halfback Wattera
Bayne Center Halfback Bowden
Jones Left Halfback Buchly !
Bradley Outside Right Cockroft '
Smith Inside Right McKee
Shand Center Forward Banks
McArthur Inside Left Warren
Whyte Outside Left Williams
The Occidentals are set down to
play against the Vampires on. the
ground at Ninth and Bryant streets.
San Francisco. As this will be oc
cupied on Sunday afternoon by the
new league of intercollegiate football
ers the match will be played on the
Vampire ground at Webster street.
Alameda. The teams will occupy the
following positions:
Occidentals. Positions. Vampires.
Rushton Goalkeeper Olivers
1 Milne... Right Back Weber
Tierney ...Left Back .Petersen
Anderson Right Halfback Glarner
Allen Center Halfback Turner
Madison Left Halfback ..Harwood (C.)
Goodlet Outside Right.. E. Lecoutleur
Oracle Inside Right Jaques
T. S. Lyden (C). Center Forward Lees
J. Taylor Inside Left .Robertson
Hcd~e........... Out6lde Left ..Wilding
A match between . the Eagles and
the Oakland Hornets is on the
schedule of the California Association
Football League to be played to-mor
row on the home ground of the
Eagles, that is, on the cricket field at
Alameda. As the Vampire r Occidental
match will take place there on Sun
day afternoon and no 'other ground is
available, . the match has been post
poned. The Independents ' have no
match to-morrow, having drawn the
bye.
The Occidental and Independent
teams have six points each to their
credit for the championship of the
California "Association Football
League, but the Occidentals have play
ed .only three matches, winning- all,
while the Independents have taken
"part. in four contests, one of which
they lost. .The standing of the clubs
is shown in the table:
- ; • ¦ Y .Matches., . Goals. |
CLUBS. II §• 2. § * B |
• '¦ "' • ' *?•:•: ? : » ?'
Occidental ........;:. I 3 1,3 0 0 12 2IC
¦Independent ......,". .'4 3 1 O 13 7 If,
Vampire... .«J3 2 1 0 6 7 4
AlMon. Rover ........I 4 j> 1 2 r!O II it 4
-Pickwick.. 3 12 0 1 7 '2
•Oakland Hornet 2 0 2' O "1 9 "0
Eagle . . -3 0 3 0 2 7 0
¦The winter season of . coursing will
open. at Stockton on December 9 and
will continue until late in the spring.
There are a large number of high-class
greyhounds available and good running
is expected. A draw. will be held every
Friday evening. :/;V ;
Reserve stake — Old Ironsides, Sir Wlnton.
Frank C. Bright Columbia," Tamora, Our Motto,
Royal Friend, Remlrso Anlmo, The Duke,
Commercial Traveler, • Fretter, Mark Twain,
Peerless Beauty. Daisy Rocket, Humboldt,
Modest Beauty, Doc Burns, Courtly Guest,
Smller, Ragged Actor, Pasha Pleasant, Ouida,
Sacramento Boy. Rolllnu Boer., - -
. Class stake — Belle. Free, Barge, . Mountain
Rose, Clover Blossom." • . , ' .
There will be but one day's coursing
at Ingleslde Park this week. The first
round of a reserve stake will be com:
menced at 10:30 o'clock to-morrow.
After the intermission the final of last
Sunday's stake, between La Rosa and
Lucy Clair, will be decided. After' this
the champion stake will be run. The
likely winners:
Keserve stake*— Forest Fire. Medley, Q llta,
Crawford Belle,' Frisky Boy, Panoche, Rocked
A.-leep. Jlgamaroo, The Referee, Mupgsy,
Wtdgewood, Charter Member, ¦ Frisky Barbara.
Red Rock. Texas Jill. Real , Pasha, Little
Dainty, Carlow Boy, J E H, Aeolus. Rocker
Ann. Renegade Apache, Dorothy M, Rich Ar
ray, Gold Chain, Hudson.. Ml Amlgo, Tralee
Boy, Presto, In Time, Little Plunger, Snap
per Garrison.
A reserve stake of sixty-four entries
will make ud the card for 'Union
Coursing Park to-morrow. The grey
hounds are unusually well matched.
The likely winners:
After the s accused person -has had
an impartial trial it will be much
more difficult for him to be reinstated
than under the present conditions. The
new system has many advantages and
will undoubtedly be adopted.
The new idea is for the park man
agement to suspend any owner or
greyhound and to refer the case to
the coursing committee which will
consider Jt at its next meeting. After
hearing the testimony it can inflict
the punishment. This will relieve the
park management of much responsi
bility and also of the charge of preju
dice.
The California Coursing Committee,
the governing body of the sport of the
leash on this coast, has made a rec
ommendation to the managers of the
various coursing parks under its Juris
diction, which, If accepted, will change
the system of punishing , offenders
against the laws of coursing.
Under the present conditions the
park officials fix the penalty for any
violations of the rules. The person
thus punished then has the right of
appeal to the California Coursing
Committee.
PROMINENT MEMBER.* OK THE FIELD AND TULE GUN CX.UB ON THEIR WELL-KNOWN SUISUN PRESERVE AND A
SPORTSWOMAN WHO IS SKIELED IN THE USE OF ROD AND GUN AND WHO KNOWS THE LAKES AND STREAMS OF
THE HIGH SIERRAS AS IT IS GIVEN FEW PEOPLE TO KNOW THEM. . - - - - U
With the continued dry. cold weath
er the owners of duck shooting: pre
serves are enjoying good sport. The
unattached sportsmen are not so for
tunate, however, as the unprotected
Men Who Go in Quest
of This Feathered Game
Usually Get Poor Returns
The Pacific Coast baseball season of
CONDITIONS ON QUAIL
ARE NOT FAVORABLE
Display the Nerve
at the Critical
Hour in Race.
Unattached Sportsmen Roam
About and Scare Away
Birds in Great Numbers
MANY GUNMEN
ARE OUT.
TIGERS OWN
THE TROPHY
COURSING MEN
MUST UNDERGO
SEVERE TRIAL
DUCKS ARE PLAYFULL
ON THE CAREFULLY PRESERVED GROUNDS OF THE CLUBS
AND SOME EXCELLENT SHOOTING IS BEING AVAILED OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 20, 1904.
Three matches for the 1904-1905
Two Games To-
Morrow for Lovers
of Association
. Football.
ALBION ROVERSPLAY
PICKWICK ELEVEN
This week is proving a record
breaker for tennis tournaments. Two
Five Tournaments in
Progress on Ten
nis Courts.
RACKET EXPERTS
HAVE BUSY WEEK
10TWO "HARD-HITTING FIGHTERS WHO AHT7 KXPETCTETV TO PUT UP A SENSA
TIONAL BOUT NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT. WHEX THET MEET 1^ WOOD
WARD'S PAVILION.— PHOTOS BT DANA & PETER22X.
f_ ' There are 12,520 ¦ boys and ,4059 -' girls
in the industrial 'schools ' of. Great j Brit
ain "at" DresenL , .
A :>iece of lancewood an inch_ square
will stand a strain of 2000 ' pounds * be
fore'breaking. -
The United States has the lead as
exporters to Italy. of cutton oil, heavy
mineral oil. petroleum and ¦ solid .par
affin and encounters no competition.
The s.-.me might be said for" tobacco.;
BENNINGS. D. C, Nov. 25.— Racing re-
Firat race, six furlongs— Dar«Ie won. Al
f. rten second, Mamie Worth third. Time.
1: Second race, one mile-Out of Reach won,
Race King second. Weird third. "»"•. »J«:
Third race, one mile and f0 f- / A tr, <3l yj*/ t /
cewion won. James F. second. Irish Witch
race. Wle and seventy yards—Can
teen won, Hippocrates second. Green Crest
third. Time, 1:48. Aii -
Fifth race, eis. t^lona»—TnfnjrOn._Ox
ford second. SanU Catalina third. Time,
Siilh race, seven furlonss— King . p «fP* r
won. Bob Murphy second, Delphi third. Time,
1:20.
Bcnninffs Racing Results.
The boys of the Golden Gate Junior-
Tennis Club will meet in a handicap
doubles tournament on the park
courts this morning. The draw re
sulted as follows:
H. Gelz and L. Levinson (owe IB) vs R.
Reigle and G. Morris (15 4-6); T. Stewart and
H. Corbly (5-6) vs. W. Mitchell and E. Me-
Carty (15-7); C. Sonntag and W. Marcus (3-6)
vs. T. Reardon and W. Wilder 3-6); , H.
Levineon and ' C. * Torrey (30)' a bye;' F. Maggs
and H. Garcia (15 2-C) vs. R.- Honlgsberg
and L. Netter (15 4-6); W. Honigsberg andH.
Crane (15J v». R. Van Vllet and W. Patterson
(1-6; M. McLoughlin.- and A. . Martinez (owe
30) a bye; E. Garcia and L. Levy.(15 4-C) v«.
R. and J. Strachan (scratch) ;¦ N. Abbott and
R Brunn (30) vs. S. Rudee and G.- Maundrell
(15 4-rt); E. Easton and G.GunstVs.E. Brad
bury and G. Mareh-(15-4.6).\
Junior Tennis Club Entries.
/The ftrrt J-ne'ws -.of -Michoel's death
Wasa\vira!»:-.r telcjrr.m tc P. T: Pow-
. Michaol complained of being ill . on
Sunday,, saying to the ship's -doctor
that he vvus suffering from a severe
headache am! naust-a. He • told Mr.
Mair«. ; that his lilnpss was due, he
thought, to the after effects of a severe
fair he had received In Berlin two
years 'ago.;
' NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— Jimmy Mi
chael, the noted Welsh middle-distance
bicycle rider, died suddenly last Sun
day morning on board the French liner
La Savoie of congestion of the brain.
Michael was coming to the United
States to race again, anC was accom
panied by a number of leading dis
tance riders who are to entor tho six^
day contest to be held here in Decem
ber.
AB.R. H. P.A AB.R. H. P.A.
Doylf.ff . .4 . 0 ' 2 1 : fDrenan.cf 3 0 12 0
Sheehn.3b:3'^0.'0' 0 4Nadeau.lf 4 1 t> .10
Casey. 2b.".". 0 1- -3 4Rurkel.s; .4 1 1 1 ; .7
Nonlke. lb" 4 ; 0 : 1 ; in ' . » Ucck. Sb.. 5 1 1.3 1
Lvncb. ' cl. 1 ;0 0- O ?. CVrary. c.7.3. 2 1 4 1
FRESNO, Nov. 25.— In the fastest
game of the series Tacoma went down
to-day, 7. to 1. The Tigers played a
listless., game while Portland played
the best ball of.the week. The bunch
ing of hits on Thomas was costly to
Mike Fisher's; henchmen.. Errors and
hits in the fifth and eighth innings did
the work for Portland. While nine
hits were . taken" 4 off Butler . they were
all scattering witn the exception of
thfc'.single by Raymer in the second
and the ;three T bagger by' McLaughlin.
The single was , followed
by the? long; hit .and. Raymer. scored
Tacoma's'lone run. Score:
: Tacoma— Portland—
Thomas ~> Suffers ; From Bnnching ¦ of
Hits nnd Costly Errors.
JIMMY MICHAEL PASSES
AWAY ON BOARD STEAMER
Third race — Futurity course, two- year-olds,
AT LAST THE BROWNIES WIN.
NEW ORLEANS. Nov. 23.— Racins remits:
First race, tlx furlongs— Mimosa won. Miss
Betty second Alllsta third. Time. 1:14.
Second race, half mile— Seldon won. Hanni
bal Bey second. Pawtucket third. Tim*.
:4S 3-5.
Third race, one mile — Foxmead won. Rlan
second, CaDtaln Gaston third. Time, 1:413-5.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Dick Bernard
won. Mayor Johnson second. Au Revotr third.
Time. 1:28 4-3. ,
Fifth race, six furtonts — Jaceta won. Oreen
Gown second. Lady Ellison third. Tim*, 1:14.
"Sixth race, one mile — Lampoon won. Cardi
nal Woolsey second. Burning Glass third.
Time, l:4i:
Dick Bernard a Winner.
sellir.;.
7437 "Corn Blossom (Rowell) 107
'Lady Fashion (Miller) 10-'
7463 "Alone (Summers) 100
7457 Maxnar (Smith) * 108
7444 "Mary Pepper (Judge) '..100
7450 »Edrodun (Lagorla & Forbes) 10S
7^9 Mabel Bates (Stanfleld) .: 105
7427 'Mogregor (Blanchi & Co.) 103
7450 »Ara (Steven?) 103
. Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and up, handicap:
.7446 Ink iLamarney) ' 107
74H4 Colonel Anderson (McLaughlin) do
7406 Major Manstr< Brink worth) ..loo
7454 Grafter (Blastngame) 102
(744G)Toledo (Gaylord) io.{
74iG Dlvina (El Primero stable). 1CH)
(731S)Blue Ey«> (Sheridan) 102
Fifth race, six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up. wlUr.z:
CGVJ Maxetta (Jeuness) 103
(74M)Whoa Bill (Gilbert) 1CS
*Go Lucky (Belknap) 90
7438 MoMa (Ezell) 102
7451 (McAIester) 93
7455 'Walnut Hill (Stevens). .......; 93
<<J60C)»Silent. Water (Smith) 00
(74:{l)*Magrane (Magrane) 105
.... Zaza (Allen) 107
7441 Dr. Blssell (Droeoe) 102
7445 *Slr Prenton (Scharetg) ..' 101
7412 *Komombo (Parker & Thwalte) 105
Sixth race, one mile, thr«« -year-olds and
up. selling: •
(74,->S)Evea. G (Coffey) 104 :
(7442)»San Nicolas (Rowell) Ill
6307 # Stillcho (Jennings) .....' ........105
7415 Clausus (Regan) ¦....» 107
(7420)Ishlana (Henshall) ......102
•Apprentice allowance.
ers. manager of the six-day race. Mr.
Powers and ssveral friends met tha
ship at the pier and took charge of the
body. Mr. Powers said he sent a ca
blegram to Michael's mother in .Wales
informing her of her son's death. Th©
body will be sent toVWales.on the first
available steamer. *
Raymon.s 4 110 3?pencer.2b 4 11 3 1
ML.hln.lf. 4 0 3 2 OMurdek.rf 4 0 110
Oiiham.e. 4 0 0 7 OKellky.lb 3 1 1 10 0
Vhomas.p. 3 0 1 1 _O _O _O _5
Totala.33 "I ~9 27 14 Tctals.3C 7 7 27 15
', RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland <> 0 0 0 3 0. 0 4/JJtJ
Ta B coma H '-.,:::::o 1 0-0-0 00 0 0-1
Base Hit9 ..... 1 2 1 0 01 1 2 .1—0
. SUMMARY.
• Stolen bases— Nadeau 2. Errors— Raymer 2.
Graham. Thomas. Three-base hits— McLaugh.
lln 2. Nordyke. Two-base hit— Kellackey.
Sacrifice hit— Casey. Double play— Beck <una.«
fisl'd) Stioick out-By Butler 2. by Thomas
2 Bases en balls— Off Butler 1. off Thomas S.
Hit by pitched ball— Xade»«. Left on bases-
Portland 6, Tacoma 0. Time of game— One
hour and twenty minutes. Umpire— Perrine.
Five furlongs— C." W.- Clark's Chanate,,"VV. S
Kobart'e'Ltttle Egypt- Mate Downhearted), C
W. Clark's . Bas Btancs, Rudolph Sprecksls'
Honoma, F. St.* D. Skinner's Lady. Gay.
One-quarter of a mile — Rudolph Spreckels'
Maud H; W'. S. Hobart's Fanny Anderson:
W.S. Hobart's Silver Dick: C. W. Clark's
Cakewalk; Rudolph "Spreckels' Hopeful; W. E.
Pedley's Carlotta: W. S. Hobart's Peggy.
One mile — Rudolph Spreckela' Cacahaute,
Rudolph Spreckels' Lotrix.' W. 8. Hobart's
Little Egypt (late Downhearted), C. W. Clark's
Morning Glory, C.W. Clark's Bas Blancs.
I Three hundred yards, for polo ponies— -C. W.
Clark's Cakewalk. W. E. Pedley's Mona, R.
M. Town's- Pet. -W.' S. Hobarfs Quail. C.W.
Clark's Echo. It. M. Tobin's, Manza, W. E.
Pedley's Queen Rucker. . The weights carried
by. the ponies In this- race .will be bulletined
on the Judges' stand. .. v '
Three and a half, furlongs— W. E. Pedley's
Carlotta.' Rudolph - Spreek«ls* Brown 'Peggy,
Rudolph ¦ Epreckels' - Hopeful. . Rudolph . Spreck
els' Chocrful. -Rudolph Spreckels' Althomer C.
W.' Clark's. Das Blancs. . . - .
Three-eighths, of a mile— Rudolph Spreckcl's
Cheerful; Rudolph Spreckcls 1 Becky; Rudolph
Spreckels" Don: Rudolph . Spreckels' Al
thomer: W." E. Pedley's Carlotta; W. S. Ho
bart's'Winnabelle; Rudolph Spreckels 1 Hope
ful;- C. . W. Clark's Bas Blancs; F. St. D.
Skinner's Lady Gay. . - . , •
C. \V. Clark's Track nt Snn Mateo. ¦
The owners of crack racing ponies
have, made liberai entries for the
second day's events at the meeting of
the California Polo and Pony Racing
Association. These will be held to
day on the finely appointed private
track of Charley \V. Clark at San Ma
teo. There are. seven races on the
card. Becky, Silver Dick, Bas Blancs,
Lady Gay and other fleet ponies will
start. A special - train will leave
Third and .Townsend streets at 1
o'clock,, returning* after the last race.
The day's entries:
Three-eighths Of a mile — Rudolph Spreckels'
els' Pat; W. S. Hobart's Winnabelle: D. W.
Donnelly's Mary Aileen; WV E. Pedley's Queen
Rucker; W. S. Hobarfs Peggy: W. E. Ped
ley's Carlotta; C. -W. Clark'6 Cakewalk: W. S.
lUibarfs Fanny Anderson; W. S. Hobarfs
Silver Dick. . . ,
Exciting Contests Expected To-Day on
The feature of to-day's card at Oak
land track will be the handicap at
one and an eighth miles. Blue Eyes,
Toledo, Grafter, Major Mansir and
others are carded to start. The day's
entries:
FirM race — Five furlongs, maiden two-year
olds, purne.
745<t Kobert Mitchell (Summers) 100
7414 The Reprobate (K'-en*) 10U
7432 Cedarburg fAlhambra Stable) 100
7427 Bcartkin (McAlcster) lOtJ
Royal Sweepftakes (Miller) 103
7J5O Lil'litus <Hackm) 10«
74.*.<; Lily Goldinr iStanfleld) 109
7450 Golden Buck <Schorr> 100
The Bor^ian (Boot*) 1(XJ
740.'t Rossbourne (Wright) 1O»
tWf>& Tar Baby (San Joaquin Stable) \<Xl
lt:S Macene "(Ezell) 10&
74.V) Downpatrlck < Ryan) 100
t:023 El Paisano (Strobel) 10C
74SO Royal Red (Touhey) l(tt
Second race — Six and a half furlong*, three
year-olds and ud. sellinsr.
74.11 i'lftietlde (Boots) 1C5
744.5 Adirondack (Shannon) lOfl
74'.»2 WiEtarla (Schorr) 105
74S7 Dora I (Wellman) 109
74W Kubelik (Santa. Fe Stable) 1(K>
74C-J lllca .Ellerd) 109
7430 Koxy Grandpa (CofTey) 10s
7421 'Mlmo (Sheridan) 104
741)2 'Mlsa Culver (Van Bokhelen) 100
"I'M Pruewood (McAIester) .109
7452 Brennus (Judge) 112
7472 Sugden (Sturgeon) 100
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25.— Los An
geles had the lead all through to-day's
game, winning by the score of 5 to 4.
Jones pitched a good game, for the lo
cals. He was hit effectively in only
one inning. Chance urnpired % .to the
satisfaction of both teams. Score:
Los -Angeles — *;:", Seattle —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Rrshor.lb 2 0 0 5 0 VHltn.cf 3 1 0 2 1
Flood,2b. 4 « 1 » :i Mohler.Sb 3 0 © 2 1
J.Smtt.rSb 4 112 OJC.Smit.rf 5 O 1 0 O
Crvath.rf 3 12 2 0 Frisk, If.. 3 0 0 2 0
Chase.cf 3 117 OlLeahy.c. 5 0 0 3 3
Ros?,lf..'. 3 2 2 5 0Delhty.3bi 0 0 2 0
Toman.s. 2 0 10 S'wilmi.lb 3 1 1 11 0
Spies.e... 4 0 0 3 0 R. Hall.s 3 I 1 2 : .1
Jones.p.. 4 0 0 0 0 C. Hall. p 4 13 0 6
. TotaH.29 S S 27 S Totals. 3.1 4, G 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
I^s Angeles 0 0 4 0,0 0 .0 1 x— 5
Base hits 1 1 •'» 111 00 x— 8
Seattle 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 1—4
Base hits ;.;O 1 0 0 2.1 O 0 2—0
SUMMARY.
Stolen base— Flood. Errors — Brashear, Leahy.
R. Hall 2."9 Two-base hits— Williams. Cravath.
Toman. Sacrifice hits— Chase. Toman. First
base on errors — I*os Angeles 2. Seattle 1. l^ett
on bases— Los Angeles 7, Seattle 10. First
base on called balls— Off Jones 7, oft C. Hall 5.
Struck out — By Jones 2. by C. Hall 2. Double
play— Van Haltrcn to Mohler. Balk— C. Hall.
Hit* by pitched ball — Mohler. Time of game —
1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpire — Frank Chance.
Is Hit Effectively by the Seattle Stick
ers in But One Inning.
ENTRIES FOR THE RACES AT OAKLAND
JONES PITCHES GREAT BALL.
ENTRIES FOR POXY RACES.
Jockey Baird Sustains Serious Injuries
in a Race at Xasliville.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Nov. 25. — Five
horses, well in a bunch, in the back
stretch, in the first race at Cumber
land Park to-day, fell in a heap.
Jockey Baird had two ribs broken and
is possibly hurt internally. Results:
Firnt race, six furlongs— Fol lea Bergeres
won, Good ' Cheer second, Coruscate third.
Time. l:13*i*
Second race, five and a half furlongs —
Whirlpool won, Korea second. Lamplight third.
Time, 1:08%.
Third race. »teeplecha«e, short course — Bank
Holiday won, Russell Sage second. The Pride
of Surrey third. Time, 3:07ft;
Fourth race, five furlong* — The Gleam won,
Mcllvain second, Dameron third. Time, l:0Hj.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Imp.
Clyde won. Heritage second. R. Q. Smith third.
Time, 1:10. •
Sixth race, one mile — Water Tower won. Ben
Vollo second, Lida Leib third. Time, 1:41 U. .
FIVE HORSES FALL.
The sporting fraternity appears fully
convinced that ToUng Corbett is cap
able of making Battling Nelson stop
when they clash next Tuesday night at
Woodward's Pavilion. So confident are
the men who like to place a little bet
on pugilistic affairs, despite the Gans
vaudeville show, that they were willing
to lay 6 to 10 yesterday on the lad from
Denver. There was a lot of Corbett
money offered.
The betting practically opened yes
terday. A few small wagers have been
made from time to time during the last
week or so, but the general wagering
was inaugurated yesterday. With the
price 6 to 10 so early in the game, it
figures to drop at least a point ere the
hour of battle is at hand, and the wise
ones think 1 to 2 will eventually rule.
Battling Nelson descended from his
lofty perch last night and agreed to
meet Jimmy Britt for a percentage of
the gate money should he be successful
in stowing Corbett away. For some
time the Chicago mixer has been-pos
sessed of the idea that he is a prima
donna, and therefore demanded a guar
antee befitting that station. Now he
is willing to do battle with Britt for 60
per cent of the receipts.
Nelson agrees to meet Britt at 132
pounds at 6 o'clock on the evening of
their light. This goes, of course, if he
beats Corbett. He did not like the
weight at first, but was finally induced
to be a good fellow and sign by Match
maker Jim Coffroth of the Yosemite
Club. Nelson says he will be fit and
ready to give Britt an argument if Cor
bett does not interfere.
Corbett Is apparently all right now.
The good work in which he has in
dulged during the last few wekea has
begun to tell and the former champ is
beginning to look like the real kid once
more. He whiled away a few. Idle mo
ments yesterday by putting Frank
George out and sending Teddy Wolff a
to the carpet for a while.
After his usual promenade on the
highway the little man strutted Into the
gym looking: for some one to take a
punch at. George was handy and little
Willie went at him. The former began
td mix it ere the go was any too old.
and he got one of those Jolty ones that
kept him on the mat for a few mo
ments. Ted "Wolff e came up for 'his.
and he got It without waiting long. Thla
seemed to make the rest of the talent
shy and also served to make the Denver
kid feel good. He weighed 133 pounds
last night.
The sale of seats for the encounter
opened yesterday at Harry Corbett's. A
good house Is expected, as the public
If worked up to the fact that both box
ers are out to win. As they can each
hand out Quite an assortment of wal
lops there is every reason to expect a
spirited mix-up when they meet.
Now Mr. Coffroth is sure of a fight
no matter who wins the Corbett-Nelson
mix-up.. He also proposes to keep Jim
my Gardner^n reserve in case anything
goes wrong. Gardner is still quartered
In Denver waiting for Coffroth to give
him the offer to come out here. Coffroth
says he will beckon to the Lowell fist
artist In a hurry if the result of the
Corbett-Xelson mill does not meet with
the approval of the public.
Second race, purse, two-year-olds and up
ward Slaueon course — Home bred f>5. Goldrose
HO. Tramotor 95 Tyrolian 95, Los Angeilno 103,
Mad Mullah 1C9.
Third race, gelling, six furlongs — Lanark 105.
Scepter 105 Anlratl 1C6. Dollie Weithoff 100,
Miss Provo'llO. Golden Light 110. . ¦¦¦'¦¦¦
Fourth race puree, two-year-olds, five and
a half furlongs— Manera 100. J*ady Kispar 100.
Mary's Gallant 10.'!. Light of Day 104. School
craft 110, R. L. Johnston 112, Glrdiestone 112.
Fifth race selling one and an eighth miles —
McKee 100. Elie 101. Hans Wagner 105, Hand
ley Cross 105, Cincinnatus 109.
• Sixth race, Eelllng. seven furlongs — Tender
Crest 06, Durbar 06. North Pole 100. Emperor
of India 108. Bugle Horn 105.
First race, selling, six furlongs— Cata Una
100 El Verraco 100. Frierllne 104. Potrero
Grande 104.. Evermore 100. Lady Rice 110. Eri
cula 110.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25. — Saturday's entries
at Ascot:
OAKLAND — Friday, Xo'y. 25. Weather cloudy. Track fast.
74 <*~-_FlRST RACE— Six. furlongs; Belling; three-years-old and up; value to Orat. $325.
Indexj Hors« and Owner. . IWt St^ %. ' \t,.~, % .~Str. Fin.- Jockey. ' Op. CK
7461 Dr. Sherman, 6 (S. Hoppas) . . Tor ~1 TT! 4 H 1 n 1'2%1 3 W Davis ..1 2 11-5
5&S1 Troy, a (V. Gilbert) : 10^ 2 ... In 2 3 2 2 2 IV, W.' Knapp... 3 10-5
I*;? | £kl P Me - 6 <J- Madison)...... 109 3 ... 2 »i 3 2 3 1V-3 V 3 ITullett .. . . 10. .30
-i«I 'X° No Se ' 6 (D - Shane).... 09 8 ... 5h 62 4 n *4 1& Me Bride ... 30 40
• 459 Nullah, a (G.S.,McKenzle).. 1C2 4 ... 3h 5n 5 2 5 3 McLaushln 8-5 2
-Si? Lecturer, C (J. J. Coalter).... 110 6 ... 6 n 4 % 6 1 6 1% Holbrook .. 15 80
i.££ Maxtrees. 3 (W. Kronick) 100 7 ... 114 72 72 72 F Sullivan. 7 10
-Hz J-'ffht Braid. 6 <G. Nevin).v. . 107 10 ... 10 h 10 2W8 H 8 1 IVlckery ... 30 5o
|\auehan, 3 (Mrs. Hertzell) 103 9 ... 7 2"48 6 "ft 3 9 4 iCrcwwalte . ! 15 ,.:25
-Ut 5" youn *. 6 (Maple & Co.).... 107 5 ... 8 n' 9 2 10 3 10 3 IJ.T. Shchn , 30 60.
4455 | Dandle Belle, 6 ( Winter & Co.) 107 12 ... On 110 11 6 11 6 |Alarle ..'.... 15 40
jMaJesta. 4 (Mrs. Casaon) 104J11 ...12 12 12 12 | Anderson .. 15 W
Time. :24, :49>i, 1:14^.- At post 2»i minutes. Oft: at 2:14. Sherman, place. 7.16; show,
I 1-3. Troy, place, 7.5; show. 7-10. Skip, show, 6. Winner, b. e- by Gorman-Dolly.
Trained by J. E. Hoppaa. Start good. Won easily. Next three driving hard. Winner
best. Troy looked high, but ran a nice race. Skip Me showed improvement. Yo No Se
/ ran a fair race. Nullah pocketed on the rail part of the way and generally poorly
«aden. Maxtre^s . can do better.. Lecturer had some early epeed.
74CS. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; purse; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
dex j Horse and Owner. |\Vt|St. %.; %. »i. .Str. Fin. | Jockey.. |-Op. Cl.
7450 ICallaghan (J. C. Nealon) 1105 1 ..; . 4.2 . 2 *i 2 2^.1 l%)Helgesen-'..; 4 11-2
i Platt <Stevens & Son) 110 2'...5455 42 2h J.T.Sheehn 10 -20
6724 (Cardinal Sarto (Summrs & Co.) 1C3 8 ... '2 % 1 % In 3 ns McLau^hln * 5,-7
(.394) Goeslper <J. Touhey) 107 3 ... 3 1 4 2 • 3 3 4 « F Sullivan. 6 «
5631 Storma (A. J. Jackson) 102 4 ... 1 # 3 #5 2 5 '% Reed 20 50
6545 Bose EUey (Blasingame Bros.) 100 0 ... C 3 6 tt ti 8 6 6 CroMwalte . 7-5 11-10
Prickles (H. E. Masill): 103 8 ... 8 -.8 7 n 7 Hollander .. 20 30
Fenyman (Elmwood Farm). .103 7 . . . 7 5.748 S ' W. Knapp .| 15 • 15
Time. :24s;. :49ii, 1:11*4. At post i£- minute~Oflfaf 2748H. Callaghan." place^Y-5; "eiiow,
3-5. Platt. place, «; show, 5-2. Sarto. show, 4-5. Winner, ch. c. by Borgia-EnRea.
Trained by J. C Nealon. Scratched — Mogregor, Lillitus, Corn Blossom, Invader. Start
good. Won «asily. Balance driving hard. Invader-. scratched and twenty, minutes al
lowed for a new book. Callatrhan has worked fast and is apt to make a good one.
Platt ran a clever race. Cardinal Sarto tired the last part. Goseiper " poorly, ridden.
Bose Eley badly handled.
74C9. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; value to firct:|323.
Index! Uorsa and Owner. IWtlSt- «i. %. %. Str. Fin. • Jockey. Op. ¦ Cl.
7407 i Berendos, 6 (W. Scharetg) fl«j7 4 .. .- 4 H 2 n in In Helgesen ... * 10 13
74r>9 Doublet, a (D. S. Fountain)... 102 5 ... 2«43h4H22 U B'ounUin .8 13
(7443) i Mocorito, a (J. Ryan) 110 3 .... ' 5 «i G ij 2 n 3 3 Holbrook .. 3 9-2
' 7439 (Joe Frey. 0 (J. F. Schorr) 110-1 ... 7 10 7 3- « 6 4 2 IReed ...;.. 5 10
(743a); Aunt Polly, « (G. Demlng) 105 B ... 3 n 5 'j 5 2 5 2J4|M'L'ghlln 6-5 4-5
7445 jBell Reed,. 4 (Ftzgld & Cree)..10< 2 .... 1 l«jl n 3 1 6 5 J. T. Shehn 15 ' 30
7451 Bay Wonder. 4 (Wilkerson) . . . 99 8 ... 8 1 9 8 4 V 6 " Bentley. 30 : 50
7451 jPonapa, 3 (R. A. Smith) 98 8 ... « % 4 >4 7 2 8 2 Greenfield . - 5 >7
.... ITrapgetter. 3 (U H. Ezell) UK)| 7_.. . V 8 4 9 9 Anderaon .. '30 50
.Time — :24, :49l4, 1:14." At poet 3 minutes.: Oft at 3:15%. .' Berendos,' place.' 4;- show,'
S-5. Doublet, place, 4; enow, 8-5. Mocorito, ' show, _ 1-2, Winner, b. g. by. Friar
' Tuck-Snow Blossom. Trained by J. M. McNames. .. Scratched — Mime, Presidio.' Start
good.' Won in a hard drive of three. Helgesen's strong ride landed Berendos. With a more es
; perieneed pilot up. Doublet could not have lost. Mocorito probably ran her race. Joe
Frey a disappointment. Aunt Polly ran as i" a turkey dinner had disorganized her
dlgcstlre organs. Too far for. Bell Reed. Pcnapa had plenty of early speed. - • ' :
74TO: FOURTH RACE— Mile and fifty yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first $3251 . '
Indexj Horse and Owner. |Wt!St._ % . : %.M-%. ; Etr. Fla.i Jockey. I Op: Cl.
7451 Flaunt, a (T. H. Ryan) ilOU 3 -4 n 7r,:lii Viifi l'.Jl n r- Anderson . 7-2 r 4
7458 (Major Tenny, 5 (Piedmont 3.) lOlj 8 , 7 .n • 3 1^2 ;1«1 }i 2S ¦ TV; Davis ,. • 8^5 i 3-2
7460 |Play Ball, 3 (M. J. Daly). . UJ104 4 2f % ih In 2 n 3 % W Daly .. 10 it
74.1S |Morcngo, a (Maryland Stable) 10(5 -2 6*4 71 SI 62 42 Helgesen . 30 30
7404 iLaocoon. 3 <Mra. Coffey). JJ03 1 In S 2 5^51 5 2*6 W Knapp 4 5-2
' 745*» Achilles. 5 (J. J. McCabel. . .. 1O4 1 6 83 5«;31 4n 6n J.T. Sheehn 30 SO
' 745a . Hermetic**, a <\\V Cahiil) •...'. 9B 1« V n 11 2H" n 7 >i 7 H F. Sullivan 15 40
• 7455 j Ethel G. 3 (K. Belniont>. ...., 9!l • .1 l',4 h 8 Vt !> 2 8 3 R. Butler .. 15 aw
746" Instrument, 3 iJJainl & Co.) . . - vr,\ 7 3 1 n <i 1^ 8 1 92 Kunz 10 10
J7435 jPetroUa,* <A; lSf-lkna-) | 9«jl3 12 3 10 n 11 2 10 1 10 2% F Hlldbnd 80 50
74::a,4It«»e,, fvtJLai»»««fcBey^Uro**^^»l 1>6JL1 11 n 9 2 10 Vill 2 11 2 Watson .... 20 20
7432 iVolto, 3.U. F. Sch,orr) ...:..!l02jl2 13 13 12 2 12 2 12 4 Reed 30 50
7m jPoloniug. 4 (Edwards & Co.)..j W\ 0 10 2 12 4 13 13 13 McLaughln 80 30
Time— :2.*»'i. :50, 1:15%. <:42, 1:45. At post 2 U minutes. Off at 3:45. FlauntTplaee, 2;
Fhow, 1. Tenney. place. 3-5; show, 1-3. Ball. show. 3. Winner, b. n., by Forester
. Display. ; Trained by T. H. Ryan. Bcra tched — San Lution. Start good. Won in a
hard drive of three. Major Tenney a kicker, was placed en the outside of the bunch.
This compelled Davis to make an outside c Ircult of the bunch on the first turn. Flaunt
..looked beaten once, but responded gamely to punishment. Play Ball ran aa improved
rare. Laocoon backed up early, then finished well. Other? no account.
7471. FIFTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; handicap; 3-year-old« and up; to first >4flO.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt St. %. %I %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! Cl7
7-147 |Vc*uvlan, a (W. B. Jenntngs)jlll 1 ... 4 I'j4 3 3 li^l u. |W Davia . ilfi fiTs
7434 j Albula. 6 (Umafney BroB.) 106 3 ... 2 »i 2 % 2 2H2 3" Helge«en .. 4 9-"
(741«> [Venator. 4 (H. E. Rowel!) 105 6 ... 1 % 1 n 1 3 14 Anderson ..6 5
7440 {Last Knight, ."(Lamasney B.) 08 5 ... 7 7 5 1144 5 Watson ... •%¦'-,•]
7447 iRoyal Rogue, 5 <J. X^alon) I06 7 ... .1 h .1*4 4 3 5 1»£ McLaughln 6.2-v '• 4
7434 iKenllworth. 6 (H. Stover) 105 4 ... R 2Vi5 « 0 3 6 7 Knapp IB 13
7447 I yellow Tall, a < J. Hackett) 107 2 ... 6 6 6 1 7 7 Vlckcp' ... 20 00
Xime — :23>-i. :47>4. l:13'i. l:2Oti. At po«t 1 minute. Oft" at 4:0S»4. Vesuvian place. 3-5;
show. out. Albula. plflce. 6-5; show, 1-2. Venator, chow. 3-5. WHnner. b. h. by 6t. An
drew-Hot Spring. Trained by W. B. JennlngB. Start good. Won going away. Second
driving. Third stopping. Winner well ridden and best. Albula, though outclassed,
ran a nice race. Venator backed up In the. stretch. Royal Rogue never dangerous. Ken
ilworth sulks. Yellow Tall no account. 'Coupled with Albula.
7472. SIXTH RACE^ — One mile; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first $325.
Indexl Hor«e and Owner.' IWt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. CK
7<r.8 'H. Honey. 4 (A. L. Austin).. KK> I 5^64 5n5 4 In |W. Davis.. 7-2 11-2
7454 (Telephone, 3 (R, A. Smith)... 109 6 4 h 4 2?}4 ij 2 n 2 na ILarsen" 5-2 9-5
«74M) ; Romaine. 4 <W. Scharetg).. 108 4 3 H 3 h 3 n 3(iJ8 (F. .Sullivan 9-10 9-10
7453 jSol Lichtenstein. 5 (Madison) 109 2 1 % 1 ',i 1 % * Vt 4 1'^ W. Knapp. 10 10
7442 iFllle d'Or, a (Appleton Co.). 107 7 6 1J55 n 6 S 6 10 5 h Anderson . 15 40
7459 IHugden. a <J. Sturgeott) 106 3 2 1V4- 'i 2n In 6 10 HelResen . SO lOo
7407 j Profitable. 4 (A. Winters)... 90|-5 7 7 7 7 7 McBride .. ert loo
Time — :ST». :50. l:15Vi. 1:41. At poat «4 mulnute. Off at 4:2C. Honey, place, 0-5; show,
1-2. Telephone, place, 1-2; show, out. Romaine, show, out. 'Winner br. m. by Odd-
Fellow-Annle Clark. Trained by H. E. Rowell. Start good. Won In a hard drive of
three. Honey was waited with and Davis put up a strong finish. Lamen also reserved
hit move until the stretch was reached. Romaine was much the best and should have
won. Sullivan had him pocketed for two-thirds of the route. Too far for Lichtenstein.
Fllle d'Or can dispose of cheaper ones.
5j The Commuters were the first to reg
ister. ; Francks pushed out a. single to
left in the third and Dunleavy chased
him through with a terrific drive
against the score board. The Seals had
a good comeback -in their half of "-ithe
same spasm. Brother Joe unloaded .a
double to right, and finished as Hilde
brand dropped a saucy" tap over Schlaf
ley's head.
The Seals forged ahead in .the next
period arid got two— just enough to win.
Meany started the racket with a single
over first. After Irwin and Waldron
went down Anderson got a wallop in
the slats. He promptly stole and ar
rived with Meany when Gochnauer lift
ed a dinky fly over Streib's head, just
far enough to be out of Julie's reach.
It was good for two bags, but Goch
nauer died- there, for there was no one
good enough to bring him home.
Buchanan's single and Dunleavy's
second two-base "swipe netted the Com
muters one more during the fifth spasm.
Dunleavy opened up the seventh with
a single and started to steal. He was
nearly to second when Schlafiey popped
up a short fly to Anderson. Dun was
doubled up and a good chance was thus
spoiled. The score:
San Franclso— , Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A. I • AB. R. H. P.A.
TBurn.lb 4 0 0 14 0 Uo»km,rf 4 0 0 t 0
Hilbrd.lt 4 01 0 0 Frncks.fs 4 1 1 2 ft
Meany. rf 41 2 3 0|Dunlvy.lf 4 0 4 2 1
Irwln.3b. 2 0 10 2 Schfly,2b 3 0 0 0 3
HVaian.cf 3 0 0 1.0 Krugr.ef 40040
Andjm,2b 2 10 2 7 Streib.lb 4 O 0 12 0
Gchnr.ss 3.0 2 1 2 Devrx,3b 3 0 1 12
Wilson.c 3 0 0 6 0 "Stark.c. . 4. 0 0 1 3
Corbett.p 3 110 *-' Buchan.p 3 1 1 ' O O
Byrne?,rf 0 0 0 0 0
Totals. 28 .3 7 27 13 >
Totals. 33 2 7 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 0—2
Bu; hits 1 12 0 2 0 0 1 O—7
San Francisco 0 0 1 2 0 0 O O x—3
Base hits 1 1 2 2 0 10 0 x— 7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Dunleavy 2. Schlafley. Ander
«on, Devereaux. Error— Schlafley. Two-base
hits— Dunleavy 2, Corbett, Gochnauer. Sacrt
nce hit— Irwin. First base on error — San Fran
cisco 1. First base on called ball — Off Cor
bett 1. I^eft on bases — San Francisco 3. Oax
land 6. Struck ' out — By Corbett 5, by ¦ Bu
chanan 1. Hit by pitcher — Anderson, Schlaf
ley. Double clay — Anderson to Van Buren.
Time of grame — One hour and 30 minutea. Um
pire — McDonald. • .
t ;*_ When one pall team starts to ride
fast ,."on .the -toboggan and another! in
augurates a winning spirit there Js no
telling what will come off. Just now
Sari Francisco and Oakland are playing
that little" game, and yesterday f the
Seals had the extreme pleasure of lord
ing it over those_j3ossible champs at
Recreation Park "for the ,¦ fifth time
without a break. Score— San Francisco
3, Oakland 2.
Oakland played good baseball, but
not good enough to beat the Seals. The
game was a brisk one arid looked as
though it might be broken up at any
old moment. Mr. Gochnauer, the gen
tleman who has found hitting the ball
a tedious .task during the last few
months, was once more the sticking kid,
bringing in the two. that beat the Com
muters, i
of clean batting enlivened .the
game in nearly ever inning. The Seals
played faultless ball in the field, and
were on the I alert when they reached
the sacks. Dunleavy pounded out four
bits— ttvo doubles and two singles— out
of four trips to the plate. All the runs
were annexed : after two had ' been
chased to the bench.
Just a vestige of his former great self,
Vesuvian, from the Jennings stable,
took the six and a half furlong handi
cap yesterday at Oakland. He came
out of the race in a rickety condition,
and It may be some time before he
will face the barrier again. The half
brother to Geyser carried 111 pounds
And had a decided call in the betting
over the other six starters. W. Davis
pot him away a length in advance of
his field, but appeared content to wait. |
He permitted Venator and Albula to
make the running. Entering the stretch
Venator had enough ana after consid
erable urging the favorite passed and
defeated Albula by half a length. Roy
al Rogue and Kenilworth were never
factors.
Davia also rode two other winners
tnd now gives promise of making good
with a vengeance. He Is a quite un
assuming little fellow, displays rare
coolness In a race and is bound to
become popular with turf goers.
FIVE CHOICES ARE BEATEX.
Even though the racing was inter
esting things seemed quiet after the
big throng of the day before. Five
choices took the count and the book
makers must have swept up a little
flUft.
W". Davis began operations by plac
ing Dr. Sherman over the plate winner
cf the introductory sprint, for which
a f.eld of twelve went to the poet. The
Doctor closed second choice in the bet
ting and won easily from Troy, the
mount of Knapp. Tullctt finished third
on the outsider. Skip Me.
'Smiling Mickey" MeLaughlln astride
the 2 to 1 favorite, XuJian, managed to
get lost in the discard.
George Crosswaite appears to have
lost all form in the saddle, for he made
a sorry botch of piloting Bose Eley, the
11 to 10 choice for the two-year-old
•.vent. The Wernberg youngster had
shown well in morning trials, but in
the race didn't strike a gait fast enough
to beat a fat man. Helgesen had the
mount on James Nealon's Callaghan,
the second choice, which he landed a
clover first, after an early drive. Platt,
a 20 to 1 shot from the Stevens -stable,
came through at *th'e*~cl6se\*7do'wnlns
Cardinal Sartu a head for the place.
Bose Eley was never in better than
sixth position.
AUNT POLLY FAILS BACKERS.
Judging from her showing in the six
fuilonp selling affair Aunt Polly must
have dissipated on Thanksgiving day,
for she gave her backers an awful
shock. Chaperoned by McLaughlin and
a 4 to 5- choice, the mare couldn't shake
up speed enough to perspire. As it was
two 13 to 1 shots, Berendos and Doub
let, fought it out at the finish. Helge
p«n handled the former and outfinishins
young Lloyd Fountain, earned the ver
dict by a neck. Joe Frey cracked no
ice, losing the show to old Mocorito
by, a wide margin.
Term Ryan took his first purse of the
meeting with Flaunt, the aged Forest
er gelding, disposing of a big field in
the mile and fifty yard seiling: fixture.
TV. Davis had the leg up on Major Ten
ny, which was played «own to 3 to 2
favoritism. When the Major took the
lead from Play Ball in the stretch it I
looked all over but getting in line.
Flaunt, however, responded to Ander- !
eon's request and coming like a streak
the last fifty yards nipped the favorite
a neck on the wire. Play Ball was a
pood third. ,
Heather Honey annexed the last
puree, starting: at odd? of 11 to 2. Davis
rame from behind with the little mare
and in an «xcit!ng drive with Tele
phone and Romaine the favorite re
ceived a neck decision over the for
mer. Romaine was unquestionably
pounds the best, but Sullivan's sleepy
tactics accomplished his downfall.
TRACK NOTES.
Davis did not carry off all the honors,
for Helg»:sen had a good day himself,
piloting two winners and once being
•econd.
The Oakland game must have made
'Quite a hit with Tony Barrett, the
young Chicago turfman. Tony only
v.ent down to Los Angeles early in the
week, and yesterday George Tuthill re-
P'" - ed a. wire from him requesting stall
i) for his old campaigner Barrack,
eorge Webb, who went back East a
fortnight or so ago to pick up a stable
of horses, is on the .way back from
Beanissn v.hh a string of seven.
Phil Bolllacer. the St. Louis book
maker, is he-re and will cut in shortly.
Danny Mclntosh thinks he has the
material in Emmett Logue for a com
ing rider. The little fellow did some j
pood work in the saddle at St. Louis i
and Kansas City. v_ I
Betting had progressed some minutes |
on the second event before Invader was
ordered scratched. it appears that
Charley Henshall's stable was attached
for $700 on an old bill of which Charley
disputes the legality. He refused to de
posit the amount with the deputy sher
iff and have the attachment" lifted, so
the <-rj]t had to be scratched. Mr. Hen-
Ehall won more than $:<\Q00 the past •
season, but says he will not be imposed j
upon. The matter will be adjusted to-
Harry Monahan and Benny Garson
f rrived from New York yesterday. Gar
i on ; is a groat friend of Young Corbett
and made~Tt a point to reach here In j
time to «ee the coming scrap. j
Charley Walters will 1>e out here at j
the conclusion of the Bennings jneet
ing. Walters hooked at the old B*y '
District track when a member of the
firm of Walters *& Harden. \
Walter Jennings nricM Sti'jcho toj
Gurnet •T'errruson yesterday, and the
bay horse may run with strange colors
up to-day
BY FRED E. MULHOLfcAXD.
• W. L. Pet.' W\L. Pet.
Tacoma . 63 47 .5723w Franelsco.83 82 .503
Los Angeles. .57 46 .5536eattie . ....53 55 .401
Oakland . ....59 51 .536 Portland . ...37 71 .343
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Third race, three-year-olds and up, one
rhllo— Brags. 110 (Hildebrand). 3& to 1, won;
Chub, 102- • (Lawrence), 4 ' to • 5.- second ; Juds«
Demon; 100 (Kent).. 3 to 1. third. Time, 1:42.
The Major and Harbor also .ran.
¦ Fourth race, three-year-olds and~Kp, Slauson
course— E>calante, 110 -(H.\ Smith),- 4- to 5.
won; Elfin King. 105 (Lawrence). 4 to a. sec-,
ond; Tim Payne, 100 (Hlld»brand),- 5 to 1.
third. Time, 1:10. Erlcula, Cloverton, Miracle
II and Tam O'Shanter also ran.
Fifth race, three-year-olds and up, selling,
one mile and seventy yards— Merwan, 102 (Hil
debrand), :t to 1, won; Helgesen, • 92 (Law
rence) 3Vi to 1, second: Liberto, 10O iH.
Smith), 6 to 1, third. Time. 1:46*4. Tom
Hawk. Blueridge, Invictus and May Holloday
also ran.
Sixth race, two-year-olds, selling, five ana a
halt furlongs— Dr. C.lOT^HlIdebrand), 3 to 1,
won; Hersain, 1)9 (Lawrence), 4 to 1, second;
Useful Lady. 105 (Truebel), ti to 5. third. Time,
1 :0U Lerida. Hachmelster, Itetador, C. P.
Waterhouse, King Promise and Light of Day
also ran.
Second race, for four-year-olds and up, - sell-r
ing, six furlongs — Kl Chihuahua, 112 ' (II.
Smith), 4 to 1, won;- -Wager, 107 (Lawrence),
rt to 5, second; James J.- Corbett. 115 (McCue),
5 to 1, third. Time; 1: IS 14. Erne. The Cov
enanter, Mr. . Robinson and John, Hughes- also
ran. -••-.• . .¦••..•
First race, for maiden two-year-olds, five
furlongs — Devon J?, 115 (Slnnott), 7, to 1, won;
Ralph Reese. 118 (Lawrence), 3 to 1, second;
Sportsman: 107 (Kent), 2 to 3,' third. Time,
l:02>i, Flixle. Brookdale. . West Brookfleld,
Salario, Mr. Dade, Brigetta and Kotanda also
ran. .. ¦ ¦ '-;¦¦¦«- ' • .:
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25.— Only one
favorite was successful at Ascot Park
to-day i the other five races going . to
second or third .choices - with the ex
ception of the. first race, which wa^
won by Devon B, as good as 10 to'i
in the betting. ; Hildebrand, who rode
in poor, form, yesterday, .was success
ful in three out - of four mounts to
day. - ' .-•.'¦¦ ''; - •.
, Devon B, surprised the talent by win
ning 'the first race, of five furlongs,
Ralph Reese getting the place. . Sports
man, the favorite, . finished j third. - The
second race went to El' Chihuahua at
4 to i. 1, Wager second and James J.
Corbett third. Wager was the strong
ly played . favorite. Bragg took the
third race at a mile in \s. stirring fin
ish with Chub. ;Escalante made a run
away of. the fourth race, over the Slau
son course, leading from start to fin
ish and finishing five lengths ahead. of
Ellin King, with Tim Payne third.
Merwan got away in the lead in the
fifth race at a mile and, seventy; yards
and. was never headed, winning easily
by half a dozen lengths from Helger
son, with Liberto . third. Invictus, the
favorite, was a close fourth. The sixth
race went to Dr.-C, withHildebrand up,
,at-3;to 1, Hersain second and Useful
Lady,' the . redhofV avorite, . third. Dr.
C won by, four lengths. Summary:
Heather Honey at
Last Scores.
Devon B Furnishes a Mild
Surprise When He Comes
Home as Good as 10 to 1
Dunleavy Knocks Out Four
Safe Ones and Half of
Them Help 'Runners Home
AUNT POLLY LOSES
COMMUTERS PLAY HARD
LONE FAVOBITE LANDS
Handicap Goes to
Old Vesuvian.
Stellar Jockey Has Four
Mounts and Fails to Get
Inside Money Only Once
Gochnauer Unloads a Pop
Hit Over Streib's Head
and Two Men Cross Pan
Corbett 6 to 10 Choice in Coining Battle
NELSON WILLING
TO MEET BRITT
TEXAS LEAGUER
BEATS OAKLAND
"HILDE" PILOTS
THREE WINNERS
DAVIS RIDES VERY CLEVERLY
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
CORBETT IS FAVORITE
OVER BATTLING NELSON FOR THEIR FORTHCOMING FIGHT
HEAVY BETTORS INSTALLING HIM A SIX TO TEN CHOICE
WiK SAiN fKANGlSCU CALL, SA'l'URD AY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
Fourth race — -Blue Eyes, Toledo,
Grafter.
FIftli race — Whoa Bill, Sir Preston,
Silent Water. _~-
Sixth nice — San Nicolas, Ishlana,
Stilicho.
First race — Golden Buck, The Rep
robate, Macenc.
Second race— -Sugdcn, Foxy Grand
pa, Mimo.
Third race— Corn Blossom, Maxnar.
Kdrodun. ¦" :¦¦¦? ¦.'.
BY FRED E. 3IULHOLLAND.
FORM OF TO-DAY'S STARTERS.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
11
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
. A BOX
CONTAINING 3 CAKES
of the
HIGHEST QUALITY
of
TOILET SOAP.
Your Choice of Four Odors.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
! See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.' •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
12
| DEITTISTS— Contlanad.
i DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144^ Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates ar»
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 5Oc: gas given.
1 DR. R- L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
DRiSSaiAESES A3TD SEAMSTEESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
' ~ EDUCATION Al*
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessional Phelan bids.
E. R. ATRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $3 month; Ufa scholarship
$50; positions secured ; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, th» largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Eend for catalogue. Native Sons' bid*.
47 LESSONS Pitman shorthand and hold any
position guaranteed: 60, court reporting;
"single-page method"; bookkeeplns. West-
ern Business College, 1C81 Market st.
HEALD*a School of Mlnea and Engineering. 24
. Pc-et st.. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College. TSS Mission.
ENGINEERING— OtII. elec.. mln.. mech.. snr-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18d4- Vaa
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and journalism
meet on lion.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 o. m.. 233
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
HEALTHS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established ISC3: largMt in the W«at: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
EXPERIENCED teacher of piano desires pu-
pils; lesions at their residence: TT.c an hour;
successful with bejrs. Box 224. Call.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COtr-'
LEGE. 1382 Market st- Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. «02 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
COME and Join French class now forming ; $1
per month. Address box 610. Call o£3ce.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per montS;
TocaJ lessons SI. S2S Haight st. -
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Haight;
individual Instruct. ; all branches; day, eve.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bocikeeplng; $S mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Uln-
naa'i School of Dancing.. 1412 Polk, nr. CaL
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgotn'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PART:NGTONS, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANISH.French.etc Prof.De Filippe'sAcademr
cf languages. l'JIS Pout; est. 1371 ablest prof».
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call tor the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1CC8 Market St., opposite-
Flfth. Open tmtil 11 p. m.
EarpxoYrsrm'i* ojtjc^es.
A — JAPA.NESE and Chinese employment offlea
supplies best help promptly: city or country.
S. 1MURA, 829 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese help. 42t> Powell Bt. ; tel. Main 5722.
JAPAN ESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.ragr. TeLBush 853.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. Ea« 428.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 6iO Clay.
EICTEOYTMJiJIT WAZmrp— rTTMATiE.
CHINESE lady, wltH'strl T years old, would
like to har« gocd heme: willing to do house-
work; Tvasts no object: near school. Apply
it once-/ 1 to 2 p. m.. SO4 Stockton St.. r. 6O.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer:
position desired more than salary. Box 329,
Call office.
AN experienced stenographer, quick, aectrrata
and respcnsible, wishes position. Bex 331.
Call office.
COMPETENT Panlsh girl wishes position to-
do second work; refs. Box 3S5. Call.
GIRL. 16 years old. wants to talep car« of
children. MISS L. SHEET* 223 Eleventh st.
YOL'XG lady, stenographer, wishes position;
salary no object. ICkS Mission st.
DRESSMAKING wanted at home; good seamy,
stress: reasonable; $2 day. 523 Liberty st.
WOMAN would like to do washing by the
day; $125 day. Mrs. E. K,. 31S Turk st.
A MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wants a
situation; Is a good cook; will do some wash-
in-; fond of children: will go a short dis-
tance: wages $15 to $20. 47 Shipley St.. off
Fourth, near Folsom.
YOUNG lady with experience would Uke a
position as assistant stenographer or any
kind of office work; good penman. Box 163
Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes position In family for
upstairs work; if necessary will take care of
children. Apply 30«7 Twenty-third St.;
phone Capp 6342.
TRAINED nurse, reliable and competent, 18
years" experience, wishes to take care of in-
valid: no objection to traveling. Box 744.
Call office.
A POSITION as housekeeper by an elderly
woman: lisht work and small wages. 130
Fifth st.. between Howard and Mission.
A REFINED girl wishes position in family
doing second work; no objection to care of
few children. Box 195. Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants situation to do
general housework and cooking. Call 31
Van Ness ave. - " " _ ~
YOUNG lady, experienced In stenography and
general office work, desires position; salary.
$10 a month. Box 167, Call.
COMPETENT German wants work by the day;
$1 50 and carfare. 23% Ritch st.. rear, bet.
Third and Fourth.
YOUNG woman and little rirl want
good home near school, in small family;
small wages; no fakers. Ad. 934 Folsom.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to care for in-
valid, or will act as companion to lady; best
refs. Box 177. Call. :
YOUNG lady, experienced In stenography and
office work, desires position; Reminirton ma-
chine; salary $33 a month. Box 167, CalL
HONEST younc German girl wishes a situa-
tion, house? leaning and washing. 150O New
Broadway, near Twentieth st.. Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes to coach children or
adults In primary or grammar studies. Ad-
dresa MISS A. I.. 1072 Sanches St.. nr. 2lth.
YOUNG German lady wants position to tend
children during day frcm 7 to 7 or any
other work. Box 142. Call office.
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and house
cleaning by day; wages $1 50 day. Apply G38
Jessie st.. near Fifth,
AN American woman wishes position In small
family of adults; is neat, good cook; refer-
ences. Box 710, Call office.
YOUNG lady with experience wishes a per-
manent position as stenographer and type-
writer; good penman. Phone Church 5174.
SITUATION -wanted by youns lady stenogra-
pher and typist: neat, accurate and willing.
Bex 623. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED Jewish woman wants posi-
tion, ceneral housework, in a Jewish fam-
ily; sleea home. Box 723, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes r-ositioa to do up-
stairs work and sewlns; best city references.
Apply 1B13 Leavenworth st."
GERMAN cook wants position; $35 to $40. Box
14S. Call. .
WAITRESS wishes position in city hotel. Ad-
dress. 11. S.. Box 144. Call. ' ¦
HOUSE-CLEANING by the day. M. E., 841
Filbert »t.
GOOD laundress washes curtains at home. 373
Linden are.
' WOMAN would like position as chambermaid
or general housework. 250 Perry St.. nr. 5th.
YOUNG woman wants situation to do house-
work in small family. Call 74S Howard st.
GOOD steady cook wishes position; city or
country, 537 Ellis st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
: Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ad3 and subscriptions taken for Th»
, Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister it.
~_ AGENTS WANTED.
LADY agents wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's Suppositories. 1312 Marfcot Et-. r. 316.
ABTH3&A CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c. 25c, 60c 1GC2 Market, St. Nicholas;
also Wlshart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
SOAJtSHTG- FOE OSIU)SE9<
WANTED — School children to board. VL
WALLACE, Fitchburg. Elmhurst. Ala-
taeda County.
BUSU1JHSSJCHAHCES. _______
A — $500; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
etore. with 3 nicely furalsh*d rooms; rent
J15; a good paying business. See K. O.
WELICE. -JSH Kemu at.
A — $750- SALOON with exlegant fixtures; larg*
stock; full valua $1600; will be sacrificed if
eold in 3 days. Call at K. G. WILKE' S.
28^ Kearny st,
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living run. ; rent $15;
no opposition; very best location; about a
miles from city. See K. G. WILKE, 2CJ4
Kearny gt.
A 11200 COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
O'Farrell St.; close to 4 theaters; value in .
eight; good business. S«e R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny «t- .
A $600 ROADHOUSE: 5 years' lease; rent
$20; best location on Colma road. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A J165O CORNER grocery and bar, with fiat
of 6 rooms; rent $00; 5 years' Jease; good
paying business; best location; Western Ad-
dltion. Ses R. G. WILKJS, 28fr Kearny st.
A $S500 HARDWARE store, corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value in sight; owner to retire to private ,
life: a Bplendid chance. Call K. G. WILKE,
20 Vj Kearny »u
A $1500 GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocks south of Cail building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10. years; a gocd
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 2CVj Kearny.
A— $3230; HALF interest in manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE. 20 &
Kcarny Et.
A— $2200: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton; rent $53; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILK-K. 26U. Kearny at.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts asout $1« per day. Particulars K. G.
W1LKK. 2CH Kearny et.
A — $2350; COAL. wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 homes, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. O.
WILKE. Kearny st-
A — $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk et. ; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 2UMi Kearny st.
A — $5>00; CORNER raloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no n'sbt or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See R, G. WILKE. 20Va Kearny st.
A — $2000: CORNER saloon, with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A — $4<_KX»; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell st.; 2Vi years' Kate; must be
ecld at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>Vi Kearny St.
REcTAUKAXT and cafe close to Market and
Powell sts.; leahe; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business; best class of
jiatronace; owner * engaged in other busi-
ness; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE.
2t>*i Kearny at.
A — $24DO; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years"
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See EL G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $125: lease; Etock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; In-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 2«SV4 Kearny st.
A — $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $900 — CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st.. living rooms; rent $30; lease;
* good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 2MVt Kearny Et.
A — $1500 — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc., must b« told at once on
account of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 2S years as a. good reliable
house- R. G. WILKE. 2»>^ Kearny st.
A — $6500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — J4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
ftcuth of Market tt. ; net rent $90; lease 4
years: a\ - erage monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE, 2OV4 Kearny st.
A — $2C50; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with tirst-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town ar-rcrs the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 2«J% Kearny st.
A — $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Markt-t. Call H. G. WILKE. 20 Vi Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
it-; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See It. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT,
817 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom 1848.
$125 — PARTNER for well paying restaurant;
will clear you $75 mo. See BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who wishes to associate him-
self with a sober, industrious man who can
invest $250 and services; he will give interest
in business clearing $200 monthly; references
exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT on busy street, near Market;
seats 26; small place doing big business; rent
$15; eacrifice for $150. See BROOKBANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market St.,
Rooms 41S-41U. Telephone Folsom 3463.
51250 — FOR sale, private rooming-house busi-
ness cf 22 rooms; 17 rooms of furniture; all
rented to steady roomers; clears $90 per
month; owner muft sell at once on account
of change In position; forced sale.
KREISS A HOREWILL,
Trie New Real Estate Firm,
1070 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FOR sale on account of 111 health, business of
manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
etc., with formulas; loca'ed in one of the
largest and beet cities in California; price
$4000; one-half each: balance to be paid out
of proceeds of business. Address S. C. S.,
box £20. Sacramento. Cal.
THE frttt-ntion of business men and investors
*.s called to a sensational invention, consist-
ing of a new light; the same is perfectly
complete and can be introduced to the mar-
ket Immediately. Communications to be ad-
dressed to the Inventor, box 390, Call.
$250 — GOOD chance for active man in estab-
lished cafh business, suitable for a man'
willing to do plain light work and be satis-
fled with $75 mo. ; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co., 632 Market.
FOR sale — Notion, toy and candy store doing
good business; fine cigar trade; rent $15, In-
cluding living rooms; long lease. HAWKS
& MEHRTENS. corner Seventh and Railroad
; ave., Alameda.
FOR sale — Old established clothing business in
one of the most progressive towns In South-
ern California, - For full particulars call at
318 Front St.. room 4, 9 to 11 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS coffee and . lunch house; long
lease; -low rent; a bargain; private sale;
principals only. Room -32, 3d oor, 26%
Kearny st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; no competition
within 4 blocks; value greater, than asked;
owner leaving. Pacific Business Association
114S Market it
OLD established blacksmith shop; good loca-
tion; very cheap account entering other bust,
ness. Address Blacksmith. P. O. box 118,
Frultvale, Cal. -
A — $300: PARTNER wanted In light mechani-
cal business; no previous experience required;
$15 to ?35 a week each., 47 Geary Bt., r. 2.
$10,000 — GROCERY and feed business In good
country town for eale; partner In poor health.
Box 315. Call. . - . .. ¦ . -
DELICATESSEN lunchroom; 3 living rooms;
large stock; good business. - 407% Van Ness
• avenue. ,-„,.
GOOD business for. sale, on account of : slck-
• sees. * 651 .Washington at. •
BUSINESS CHAKCES— Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
V
FOR nale— First-class bazaar; located in thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateglass windows;
store fixtures; large stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doing good business; clearing $150 to
$200 per month: trial given; established 17
years; one of beet propositions in city; sick-
ness; snap; price. $3500.
FOR tale — Stationery, school supplies, dress
llninga; well located; cheap rent; doing good
buslr.tss: 3 living rooms; stock will invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON &, CO., 3 Eddy Ft.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. '
FOR sale — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. : cheap rent; horses and wagon*, all
equipments: present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S(!0 per month; trial given If
desired: part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished: horse and
buggy; fine well: 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR pale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; K> rooms: rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about CO miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as flrst-clas« laundry Ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy Bt. •
NEW Arkar.e-as oil field — G. M. Bailey, Mis-
souri Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock
Ark., can get you an oil lease, trifling ex-
pense. Fortunes from future sale leases.
F. L. SKAGGS. HOTEL BROKER, ~
2G Montgomery St., S. F. ; phone James 6301.
Hotels for sale and to lease throughout West.
FOR sale— $2000; livery stable, opposite depot;
good business stand. Inquire at LandgraK's
, Villa. Mill Valley, Marin Co.. Cal.
GOOD paying saloon on Third st. (lease);
rr.ust be gold. Call 645 Valencia st.
CIGAR stand; good trade; no opposition; laun-
dry office; will sacrifice. Call 18% Fifth Bt.
CIGAR stand for sale; good location for sta-
tlonery. Apply 427 Taylor st.
BAKING; all store trade: $35 dally; $1900;
make offer; rent $30. 721 Polk st. ¦
j $75 MONTH — Partner wanted; genteel busl-
r.ess; short hours; price $250. 235 Kearny.
JOBBING, plumbir.g and tinning shop for eale,
cheap; departure. Box 397, CalL
FOR sale^ — Saloon, 200 Ninth St.; inquire
from 10 to 2. r
FOR sale — Grocery store; stock Al; at in-
voice. 473 Fourth st.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 6 centa — The Weekly Call.
..- 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
JCAJRPET BE^ATiyOjaLiroClEA'^^TO.
COMPRESSED Air arld^V^cmwn^pToce^r^lsed
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S.F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., -308 Market St.;
phones Main 162 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become r disgusted ' with . your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 -Tehama st. Tel." South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison st.;Al cleaning/ 3c. : FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 228.x j"'.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth = St.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning, Sc yard. Tel. Mission 74.. ..
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning: Co., 402 Sutter st •
• tel. Main 3M. GEO. WALCOM & CO/; Props.
RUDOLPH & CO... carpet-beating works; prices
, reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
BAD | tenants | ejected I for (fi;l collections | made;
\- city or i country. "i Pacific i Collection i Co.,? 415
Montffonwry Et., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
LOUOING-HOUSES FOB SAXiZ — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts; tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming houses for sale. Free list
We furnish abstracts free and guarantee
titles.
Thoughtful purchaser — We call
your attention to 3 modern apart-
ment houses, 70, 180 and 105
rooms; each is a profitable Invest-
ment, which we shall absplutely
prove to you if you will call on
us and personally investigate one
1 or all of them.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
SNAP — 12 rooms, well furnished,
clears a living for 4 people; PRICE
$300: rent $37 60; owner leaving 1
for Mexico.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
DEPENDABLE: highly recom-
mended; new building; new fur-
nishings; it is our best 37-room
house; clears $175 monthly: you
.may pay ?150G down and we back
you for the balance.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
YOUR CHECK is good for $850.
you pay the other $S5O in Httle
monthly installments: furnishings
are very fine — cost $2110; profit $91
monthly; eminently respectable;
best furnished 21-room house in
Frisco.
CAREFULLY examine this 30-
room house; rent is only $60; room-
ers pay $0 per room: price $1800;
all housekeeping rooms; very little
work for the landlady. Easy terms
if requested.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
PARDON us for being plain
spoken. Only a person of a good
education and of a refined nature
would succeed In this 63-room
house.
LONG LEASE.
LOW RENT.
YOU ONLY NEED
—$.'1500—
to start with; you should clear $300
monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
ON SUTTER ST. — Three splen-
did propositions .and each most -
beautifully furnished and exclu-
cively with us. They have 30. 50
and 40 rooms respectively; well es-
tablished, fine patronage: cash re-
quired. S1000 to $2000. MONTH- r--
->. " LY PROFIT $143 to $351.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
N. B.
THESE TERMS cannot be du- ( -
plicated anywhere. Brand new fur-
nishlnKs; house full of reputable
roomers; income $74 over rent: 22
-rooms; price reduced to $1BOO; $400
down, balance as you make It in
the house. - ¦ ..- ' ¦
MARION • GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
BANK BOOK shows $1500 clear
profit In last 12» months; 15-room,
corner, transient house; worth
$2000; will take any offer down to
51250.
MARION GRIFFIN MARION. GRIFFIN
WANTED — A rooming-house
(worth $1250) and $1250 cash in
i! exchange for a general merchan-
dise store in country town; sales
$800 to $1400 monthly; trial will
be given; price of store $2500: BIG .-*
bargain. »¦ .
MARION GRIFFIN MARION GRIFFIN
. ONE of, our best bargains in
apartment houses; 46 large, light
rooms, always full; price $3000;
rent $150; lease . If desired: profit
$175 monthly; house and furnish-
ings in good order; owner leaving
city Is only cause of sale.
*MARI0N GRIFFIN— MARION GRIFFIN
' Suite 400, Examiner bldg.
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk st..
dealers In real estate, rooming-houses, etc ;
' call and ¦ Inspect , our . list ' of bargains; only
legitimate propositions', sold by us; titles
guaranteed. >
BANK REFERENCES.
MONEY LEANED AT LOWEST RATES.
DO you want a' good lodging-house that is for
sale ' cheap , and j, Is ; paying • fine ? ; ¦- The owner
... ie sick and with old age; is compelled to give
v- up a; paying house;;a great*bargaln;':investi-
¦ gate ;v be ..convinced.' MRS.i POTTENGER,
'.737J6 -Howard st. ,
JOHN D- SPraECS^L^^j^^prictor
Address Communications t»
JOjg^_31cy.&rGirr Manaeer
wT J. MAKT1X Bnstoess 31anagCT
TELEPHONE.
A*i for THE CALL. Tfce Operator WEI Con-
nect Ton Wlib the Department Yoa -Rlali.
Public* tlon Office Market anfl Third, S. F.
Eiltcrtal Slooxns 217 to 221 Steresaon et.
r*^veied by CarriMts, 20 Ct«. Per Week. 75
OJx. I*er Month. Single Cople» 5 Ct*.
rer^s* by Mill. lndudJus Postage <Ca*ii With
Order.):
PAILT CAU. Cnclud. Sunday). 1 year.. .$8-00 ;
J3AILT CALL (tndud Suaday), 6 men.-- 4.00
DAILV CALL— By Single Month •¦*
erXDAT CALL, 1 T«ar ~«0
WEEKLT CALL. 1 Year
mnnnv f Daily... $8.80 Per Tear Extra
tSSP 1 Sunday. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. [ weekly. 1.00 Per Te*r Extra
ATT. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. -
frrr- 1 * Cojlea Will Be- Forwarded Wbea
Rec.ue«tsd.
Hall rabacriber* in ordering charge of ad-
£reac should be particular to give both NEW
AMD OLD ADDRESS, in order to Insure a
prcTcpt and correct compliance with their r»-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
lfflS Bninj Telephone Main 1QS3
EEEKELEY OFFICE: '"¦¦'
tXt& Oemer Street. Telephone North «*
TTAEHTSGTON CORRESPONT5ENT:
katittt. w. WALL .Hctel Barton
XEW TORK NEWS STANDS: j
Waldorf -Aftcria Hotel: A. Brectano, 31
fnion Scuarr; Murray 11111 Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hctel £E4 Hcdnan Houw.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehertsan H.^use- P O. New? Company: Great
Northern Hotel; Tretaori Houm; Audltcrftun
Hoiel; Palraer nD^*e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: I
C GEORGE KBOOXESS, Marquette Building, j
(Long Distance Itelepbooc "Central 2C19- ) ,
NEW TOHK BEPBTSESTXTIVK:
ETEPIUIN B. Silira 30 Tribune Buildlns
nt:tt tokk correspokdext:
C. C. CJ.yJL.TOS Herald SQ-oare
EVS1XEFS CFFTT: of the San Francisco Call.
corner Kaxtet and Third streets; opea until
12 o'clock every nicht in the year.
BR.VNCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
31 Cl m. .
C?7 Moctsrorr:«MT ctrett. ccrner Clay; opea Bnul
8:30 p. tn.
TOO Haye* nreet; cpen until 0:30 p. m.
<^9 McAl!istcr ftrect: cpen ur.til »:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln strrpt; open until 9:30 p- ra.
I&il Mission street ; oprn until 10 p. to.
3 00 Eleventh Btrt-et; oi*T! ur.t'.l 9 p. ra.
J19G strett; op^n until 9 p. ns.
Nf-rtfc«"B«t corr.er Church nnd Duncan streets:
noen until S p. m.
?2C.o Fi'lrncre street: rycr. until 9 p. n.
<JH.UH.CH Sim VICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
•jo'den Oaxe avenue and Polk street. Preach-
ing to-morrow. :?abbath. at 11 a. ru. and
7 j>. m. bjr the pastor. Rev. EL H. Bell, 1>.
n. — Fleming theme: "Gol "With fs, and We
With God." Eventer theme: "The Great
Jerusalem Convention." twelfth in Oriental
tertpy. Failiath school 0:45 a. m. C E.
focioties at 5:30 and 0:30 p. ra. Strangers
cordially invited to all services. Pe-ws free.
Courteous ushers. Come and bring your
friends. Muj>1c by a irood male quartet.
atSL'TlWO- NOTICES.
PAYMASTERS' Association of Call- «
foraia, F. & A, M.— Regular monthly A
mettle* THLS <.SATVRDAY) EVEN- JKV
ING et 8 o'clock. By order of the StSS?
president. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
OCC1DE-VTAL Lodir* No. 22. F. and A. a
- M.— THIS (SATURDAT) AFTER- W
NOON at 1 :30 o'clock. Third Degree. /v\
Mazter Masons cordially invited. By
order of tJ-«> Mrster.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. S«cty.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. OS
it.— Third I*»trree TJ11S (SATUR- Vy
DAT) EVENING at 7:15 o'clock. By /V\
order of the \V. M.
R. 11. McPHERSON. Secretary.
UI^PION XsS.ze No. 100, F. & A. M. a
Officers and members are hereby noti- VV
fie<J to attend the funeral of our de- /V\
ceased brother. JOHN" HENRT WIL-
FON, SUNDAY AFTERNOON, at 1 :30
o'clock from King Solomon Hall. Masonic
Temple. I5y order of the" W. M.
R. E. ALLEN, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2.
I. O. O. K.— Regular rr.w-iir.g ££fs$2y%-
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.^S^SfSS*^
Third decree. '*zAtKf&*
CHAKLES J. THELAN, D. M.
COr*CORDIA I»dro No. 122. I.
< • O. F. — The rr.orr.U'rs of the^Jp-j^-yt
funeral committee art- hereby no- ; !*i*< 1 t''^>»J
tific-d to assemble at I. O. O. F.
Hall SUNDAY. November 27, at 1 p. m.. to
attend the funeral of our Iat« brother, A. H.
VORRATH. det-eased. By order of the N. Gr.
CHRIST. r.OEBER, Rec.-Rec.
MEMBERS of Fidelity Lodge No. -ar-r-^
222. I. O. O F.. will assemble X»is3e*^e-
et I. O. O. F. Hall SUNDAY.^g^RgGSi
Nov. 27. at 1:30 p. m.. for the "* 5 *n t ,f^ ! *
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. JOHN MATSOX.
W. H. MITCHELL. N. G.
JOSEPH GRAY JR.. Recording Secretary.
CHIEFS and Members of Pohonachee fja^
Tribe No. 10 Imp. O. R. M.: You
:¦ r«- hereby notified to attend the *£&&*
funeral of our deceased brother, WM. LE-
BATARD. SUNDAY. Nov. 27 1904. at 12:30
p. m.. from Red Men's building. 220 Golden
Gate- ave. By order.
H. MILLER, Sachem.
WM. NUTTALL. C. of R.
A MEETING of the Board of Medical Eiam-
inera of the State of California will be held
TUESDAY, the eth day of December, 1004,
at the City Hall, in the city and county of
S*n Francifco, State of California, at the
hour of U-.:V) a. m. cf said diy. for the con-
ir.deration of applications for certificates and
for euch ether business as may properly come
before- it. Dated San Francisco. November
19, 1904. Board of Medical Examiners of
the State r.f California.
..."-':.. CHARLES L. TISDALE. Secretary.-
THE California Dc-bris Commlsiion. having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
; jt-cc"?ss Ircm Esther Jackscn and John M.
Jackson, !n Brown Bear Placer Mine, near
New Mohawk. Pluman County, Cal., draln-
Ir.. rnto Sulthur Creek, which reaches Mid-
dle Fork Feather River, from Shasta Coun-
ty Quart* and Placer Mining Co.. in Mur-
derers' Gulch Mine, near Stella, Shasta.
County. Cal.. draining into Clear CreeTc
which reaches Sacramento River, and from
William Nicholls Jr., in Duryea Placer
Mine, r.ear Red Dog. Nevada County, Cal..
draining into Greenhorn Creek, which
L reaches Bear River, gives notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
at room GS. Flood building, San Francisco,
Cal.. Dec. 12. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
CTECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS—
Notice is hereby given that a special meet-
ing of the stockholders of the CENTRAL
. PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY will be held
«-n SATURDAY. December 3. J8M. at 11
o'clock a. rn.. at the office of eaid company,
J25 South Main et. (over Wells. Fargo &. Co.'s
Bank), Salt Lake City. Utah, for the purpose
cf considering and assenting to, or diss?nt-
" Ing from, the execution of a new mortgage
upon the line of railroad of 6aid company
extending from a point of connection with
Its original line Ju«t north of the Ogden
niver. in Weber County. Utah, thence west-
erly across Promontory Point and Great Salt
Lake, through the counties of Weber and
Bcz Elder, to a connection with the original
line of eaid company near and Immediately
west of Grouse Creek, between Lucln and
Gartney stations, on said line, a draft of
which caid proposed mortgage will be sub-
mitted at said meeting.
E. H. HARRJMAN. President.
ATTOBHXYS-AT-TjAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a tpeclalry: Quick; quiet; no money needed:
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
trade. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.
R W. Kli.'O. Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
. <tth flocr: entrance room 611; established 28
y«ar«: all courts, general court and office
Ijractice: no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel Red 3601.
A A— Divorce; costs $12; quick. qu!et;a<lvic« free;
til law business; no charge unless success-
ful; cpen evenings. C27 Market St.. room 301.
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
•business legally, promptly and. energetically
transacted. W. Matthews.C32 Market, room 23.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; ail law business; office
ope-n Saturday evening*. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
L. 6. CLARK, 027 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
' 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming- Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds cf Business Chances.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In fine
block on Post et. ; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout; brings in
nice income; furniture in oak. birdseye
maple, velvet and axmlnster carpets; cost
$1S(K> to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $1200.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
180 rooms: graDd. new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month; close in: full of nice people; bar-
gain if taken at once; dissolution of, part-
nership.
Big bargain for *ome one; 6-room flat ele-
; gantly furnished 6 months ago by Sloan at
i cost of over $900; rent only $25 per month;
fine location; biggest snap on market; only
$400.
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
$5 60 per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights ana elevator; has 108 rooms.
well furnished throughout: now clearing
~$350 to $450 per month; make offer; owner
1 must leave city; only with us.
16 rooms: rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; roust sell within next ten
days; leaving: city; make offer.
What do you think? 31-room apartment-
house; rent only $130: where you can clear
$»5 per month; no work;' this you can get
for $1100; wife at hospital.
Well located house close in. with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and carpets In
first-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fine business proposition.
Have new, modern 82- room house: rent $175:
electric lights elevator, corner: everything
up-to-date: owner will exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose;
value $7CC0 to $10,000.
9-room flat; rent only $60: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets: must sell; price $400.
Model apartment-house, 2 and 3 rooms each;
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished: 5-year
lease; there are 00 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
eickneis.
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; flrst-class
up-to-dat* downtown house;- well furnished;
j clearing $500 to. $600 per month; must sell
on account of other, business; only with us.
Have, a little . 14-room- boarding-house on
\ Geary; nicely equipped, throughout: all full
; and clearing, nice income; price $2000.
60 rooms; new. -modern: building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-clas* people;
1 -clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date houee reasonable; sick-
I ! ness. ¦ . ;
7-room modern flat; close. In; well furnished;
cost $600;- a -bargain if sold at once; $250. •
65 rooms: best downtown commercial houee In
• city : clearing . now $300 per month ; every-
thing first-class condition; will trad* for
Oakland. ; Alameda or -Berkeley property or
; . ranch In California; -. must . leave city. ;;
45 . rooms, rent .only. $125: flrst-class location:
• well furnished and - good running order;
clearing now ,over $200 . per- month; always
full; best, buy in city; .account of slck-
1 ness; price $4500. ' ' .
We have a number. of. special bargains in flats
of 6 to, 10 rooms, new .and modern: can be
had for less than half cost to furnish;. must
be - sold; either account . of -. sickness or de-
parture. ,
Large . Hat of real estate, , rooming-houses and
. , : business for exchange or trade always oa
' hand.- ' >, - ' • CAMERON * 3 Eddy st
i HOTELS. • ' '-",V ¦..'- I
'¦ I—————— MITCHELL & CO.' '•'• ''" " '"'"'
, 1206 Market st. .- ' Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming, atid apartment houses, hotels, fiats.
Sold to suit purchasers.^ Titles • guaranteed.
; . '../.. t MITCHELL & CO. — — . _
14-ROOM lodging-house- for sale; no agent.
'-" 402 ; Geary . st. ;. ¦¦.¦-- ,
21-ROOM ; house in center of city for sale; very
. - cheap. ':¦ Inquire; 319j. Taylor: st. ; . .'
EACRIFICE-^Make'offerVi 14-room': houi«; '''good
" location. '; 242 : Post > st .
CIiAIBVOTACTTS.
RICHARD MATO
The Man With Psychic Power.
¦ The greatest living adviser on the. continent.
There is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he is entirely original
In his methods; different from all others; a
visit will bring- sure help and will satisfy
you and bring- success and happiness to the
serkers of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading; this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
421 A Ellis St.; private fiat; hours 10 a. m
to S p. m. .
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business . medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bids.; she r**.&n your life correctly,
gives a n accurate description of the past, re-
vea'.s the prrscnt happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or have domestic, love or business trotf-
Mes, consult this great medium and you will
be tcld how to overcome them; valuable ad- I
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— LIVINGSTONE.
The Occult Wonder.
For a reliable, intelligent clairvoyant reading
Consult Livingstone.
Five reception parlors. Lady attendant.
26i£ Kearny st.
MME. LANGE, the only one who can help ,
you in your greatest troubles; genuine gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader;
convince yourself of her skill: 25c and up-
ward: shows the picture of future husband
or wife. 3<S Turk St.. near Taylor; hours,
from 10 to 8 and Sundays.
PROF. L. GILLMORE
Clairvoyant and business medium, has re-
turned and is permanently located at the
Edinburgh 239 Powell Ft., cor. Geary. Gill-
more will jrlve you a reliable reading of past,
present and future. The greatest adviser on
all affairs in life. Hours, 10 a. m. to S p. m.
ISMAR. Egyptian Seeress. The Vendoine. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. m. to & p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50c;
g.. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. PORTER clairvoyant, medium bora
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; }. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm.
istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when othtrs fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
MRS. 'SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader. ha«
returned: sittings dally. 108 6th st.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well .known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
sgiRrnTArjsM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 12O6 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materializing
seance Sunday, 1 o'clock. $1. 1084 Bush st.
PROF. GEE, medium and healer; readings
daily; circle every night; 10c. 1206 Market.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
C. MATO STEERS, trance medium. S05 Larkln,
room 49; readings 1 to 5: tel. South 319.
CREDIT CXiOTHIESS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st. — Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CLOTHING BEKOVATX2TG.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing.- Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410-
phone Drumm 4t. Call for and deliver free.*
DENTISTS. ~~
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings. BOc-
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and'
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2- no
paln;open Sundays. ,Dr.A.C.Hewltt.2O4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst,r 14 1st
' floor, Phelan bid.; : 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlor»,~235~Kearny, cor. Bush—
Bet , teeth, ?1 60 up; crowns, $2 up;fUlings,23c
FREE— ONE BOX CONTAINING THREE CAKEL0FJKJ1LI
Highest, Quality • '* ' " • "' _'.. Highest, Quality
To Our Want* Ad Patrons
towim^ rAVB^c *i^%fkI1i? Hl.^^^^ TTlJfl> 1?ET OAKIT^
IMRlLS^ Cf/I.HIlrCi '^JniiiL OwUhL 1 tixk.sLf2L> 3 k.g\ig*cs
i — ; \ — l^J^ r^ vv^^^z t^ Your Choice of Four Odors :
! < VIOLET WHITE ROSE
'41^6] Third and Market Sts.
*'•-• H 53^^ ' ¦' mate a '° \r us imtm m col . us mtis si, s. f.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, 26, 1904-
13
G. ETO.
MI5CEI.I.A1TEOTJS— rOS SAI.E— <?on L
BTOVES disconnected and connected; ?2 50;
plumblng.gasfltng.409 McAlllster;tel.Mlnt 3Cf 6
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains: free delivery. 370 Fell st
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
S lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 523 Market st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash. ,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CTJRITY LOAN ft TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third: ML Main 413.
DEPKP bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st: tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sices. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st. •
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .
! 1 1 jyTTSCELIAITEOTTS WAHT3.
I AAAAAA — Buys any amount good second-hand
, . clothing; special price for fancy ladles" and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 8522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
. cash. KARL EBER ft CO.. room 405, Ad-
' ams bldg.. 206 Kearny st; phone Black 3036.
Levy ft Redler, highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
TILTON wants good eecond.hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st ; tel. Jessie 3916.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOAN~~COMPANTT "ciaej)-^-
. ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
..^INTEREST 5^ AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRT
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests in prop.
trty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,'
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust
etc. 1 legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
-When You Need Money,
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
!WILL LOAN
i. A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton at,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar- proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin iJewelry Store,
906 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY, loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
.; chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
t security; easy payments; large business in 40
v J principal cities. ' Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.-
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
near Market
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels- no fee: no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious atones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable Interest A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st., rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.'
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
MUSirjAjtjrOTTBOTJE^TS^^^^
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN 'UPRIGHTS
A small upright good order ..$55
One a little better, a snap.. $95
etodart. mahogany case, fine condition.. $135
Grovesteen ft Fuller, full size concert. .$143
"Fischer, thoroughly repaired $160 '
Bechstein, a high-grade German instru-
ment $170
Also a Chlckering, Vose, Steinway, Weber,
Mason ft Hamlin, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16
O'Farrell st .
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights, new ft 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Plerce's Piano Factory, Market & 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shontnger. little used. Keeffe's. 295 O'Farrell.
PEB3O1TAXS.
A — A GREAT reduction for. this month only;
it Is between seasons; a special reduced rate
on prices made from -Sept 1 to Nov. 1 for
wrinkles,, bagglness, plttings and freckles;
from this ' date I will be In -my office from
10 to 5 dally; will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS, Beautyder-
mlst 128 Geary st ¦ '
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tings, bagglness of eyes or any blemish of
the face. Mme. Gilllngham invites you , to
call and Investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved ¦ method, known to no other in this
city: demonstrator can be seen daily. 143
Stockton st; write for booklet
ALL bills contracted before the 1st of Dec at
the Elysium Restaurant 570 Geary st. city,
must be collected by that date, as we will
not be responsible for any bills after the
above date. '
C. D. ANTUNICICH A CO.
THB Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm- !
proves its- growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no -stain or' stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk. I
DR. ROWELL'8 Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia, !
sore • throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk «t. 8. F.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous j
: troubles. . Office. 320 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary st, MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic
specialist: ladles and gentlemen.,
"REXRADIOS" SUNDAY ADS WILL IN^
TEREST YOU. Radium Hall, 1 Fourth «t.
cor. Market. -
FANCY and silk . dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
- 1S»9. 2122 FWmore et: phone Geary 2053.
AT It-SB than coat; uncalled for suits, overcoats
" and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st .
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
. ' down I and \ $1 50 » per , week. T. BRILLIANT
„ : FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post st. near Powell.
ELECTRIC light batha; j hot ., and cold tub 1
y^axa*. -.4C7 (i«ittry «» - - . ' ..
FLATS TO LET — Continued.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
Flrable vacant place In San Francisco on
our I:sts: service absolutely free;, let us fini
you a place; come in and let us know what
r«nt y=u want to pay and the locaiity: "»e
<!o the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1CX> Market St.. opp. McAllister.
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms and bath; newly
papered and painted; ?20. 527 Dolores St.,
near Nineteenth.
$25 — New sunny llat. 6 rooms and bath. North-
west corner Noe and 24th sts.
NEARLY new flat to let; 4 rooms and bath.
336 Tehama ft.
MODERN upper flat. 5 rooms ar.d bath; rent
_$22 50. 3S25 Twenty-rourth st., nr. Church.
MODERN lower flat 5 rooms and bath; rent
$21 50. 3*C1 Twenty-fourth st.
¦NEW modern flat of 6 rooms; sun in every
room; f27 50. 2306 Foleom Et. near 22d.
$22 50 — NEW modern flat. 5 rooms, bath and
basement. 132 Eureka s=t., near Eighteenth.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYON k HOAG. 116 Montgomery st. !
FIiATS FOB SALE — PTJSITISHED.
A modern runny upper flat of 7 large rooms,
completely furnished; carpets, linoleum and
hangings, bought of Sterling's for cash 14 j
weeks ago; a bargain; obliged to go to Mon-
taaa. 817 Jones st. near Bush.
; REDUCED— Modern sunny upper flat large
; rooms; going to Montana. 917 Jones st,
I near Bush: phone Larkin 4125.
7-ROOM corner flat, completely furnished; In
good condition: cheap. Box 1S3. Cail orflce.
FLATS TO LET — gPRRISgED.
DIAMOND. 810— Flat of 3 furnished sunny
rooms; Lot and cold water; $16.
TZTHAJUCZJLX..
THB REALTY SYNDfCATE.
Capital paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940.901 SO
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
, At par.
Offlce^ — No. 14 Sansome st,
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— To purchase Realty Syndicate
I certificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PANY. 107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sold; strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY, 522 Crossley bldg.
rPBglTTJBE WASTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market at TeL Jesaie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture thsn
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1630 Market; phone Jessie 2338.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission st. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
rTJdTITTJBE FOB 3 ALE.
HENRY MATER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813
PEMAItE;^
3 COOKS .'$30 and $35
Pastry cook. Delicatessen — room out $30
Cook for orphanage $25
2 second girls ' $15 and $20
Chambermaid and Laundress, boarding
house $25
2 Housework girls $30
Housework girt for Bonora. $25
Cook, men, dairy *2'J
3 Housework girls, cjjmtry $30
Chambermaid and gea.T.stress $-5
Kitchen helper, no room $2u
Chambermaid and waitress, country $20
Nurse for grown child $30
Man and wife, ranch $40
Housework girl. Stockton $30
Cook for small restaurant, city ...$30
Cook, 2 in family. Pieaaanton . . - , $•!<)
And 23 housework girts for. city and coun-
try $20. $25 and $30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
THREE girls, general housework. .$20 month
Woman for -cleaning rooms. ....... ..$1 day
Waitress, city restaurant; good worker, $8
Young lady stenographer, start. .. .$25 month
Neat hotel waitresses. Call to-day.
612-613 Grant bldg. South 104.
NURSE. $25; 2 cooks. $35 each; house girl.
Oakland, $25: 6 housework girls, city. $25.
$30; 2d girl, $25; house girl, St. Helena, $:M):
cook, institution. Oakland, $30. MRS. NOR-
TON, SOS Mason st "
A — WANTED — Girts to learn hsirdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED — Glrla to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Pariors. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College, teaches hairdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions;, only
recognized college of it a kind on coast: day
aad evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st
WANTED — Young woman who Is a thorough-
ly experienced ca»fcier. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young woman who Is thoroughly
experienced dry goods bundle wrapper Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Business woman, single, 2S years
old or over; accustomed to bookkeeping and
general office work, as Joint manaser of an
office. Apply room 553 Parrott building.
WANTED — A girl or woman fcr general house.
work in country; a good home; no washing;
3 adults; all modern conveniences: wages
$16. See party at 3715 Seventeenth st
WANTED — Good girl for light housework;
wages. $12. SOS Tenth ave., Richmond.
WAITRESS wanted at 1191 Market st
WANTED — Every girl who rides to try
CHICLETS.
WANTED— P.eliable girl, general housework;
Ewf^dish or G-erman. preferred. 1S24 Fulton st.
LADIES for steady home employment; $3 to
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket tt.. room 618.
PROOFREADER — Girl who ran read proof and
set t.vpe. Bex 143, Call office.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU
60C Market St., room 3J. r <. filth floor. '
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Stenographer $10 W e»k
I Manager department store $25 week
r Bill and entry clerk $15 wee k
j Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $15 we ek
TiOiefceeper $15 wefk
j Accountant $15 to J25 week
Collector $15 wee k
Floor manager $18 week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General o.'flc« work $15 week
Clerk, city or country $15 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
SOti Market st.. room 323. fifth floor.
At C. R. HANBEN & CO.'S EMP. AGENCY*
415* Eurti Ptreet.
French or Alsatian pastry coote, country
hotel $85
Chef cook, second cook, third cook, coun-
try restaurant. See party here Monday
3 p. m. Best of wages. ,
Cook, restaurant, city. $14 wk.
German rhef. restaurant, city $75
Second cook $C0
Kitchen hand, $'S0: glass pantryman. $30.
Marker and distributor, country hotel
laundry $35
C. R. HANS EN ft CO. 423 Bush st
THB NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Ranch foreman, manage 6 men, $30 and fd.
Night Janitor. $00.
Stenographer. $C5. ',
l>cra«EtU- ualesman. city. f*(O.
3 single-hand mlr.-rs. $3 day.
Bookkeeper, aged 25 to 30, $yX>.
2 watchmakers, city, $25. ,
Stenographer, city, $55.
15 boys, offices and stores, $4 to $t>.
Drivers. Weiss txer, brew goods, $10 to $20.
Many ctlv.-r positions open. Call at office.
Open Saturday until 8 p. m.
Room 9-10. 51 Third st
A GEORGE DAVIS ft CO..
Employment Agency, 130 Sansome st. Rm 9.
Champagne salesman, $25 week. Experience
not nece-Esary.
Liquor iale>man, $K;0.
Printing rales-man. $15 week.
Jewelry citric. $75.
Butcher, country; also to drive wagon. CCS.
Collector, $14 week. ".':;_ ;
Boys. $5 to $8 week. .
_HE1JP_W ANTED— MAI.B— Continued-^
A— MURRAY & READY, 634 and 630 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French. Italian,
Scandinavian, r.reek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
i$03 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 60,000.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Grainer and painter, $3 50 day.
FARMS. DAIRIES.
14 farmers, plow te&ircsttrs, ?2U to $35 and fd.
4 milkers. $30 to $40 and found; 6 choremen
ard boys, private ranches.
'Mlilman, furniture factory.
FARMER. AND WIFE.
Farmer and wife. Oregon. $400 year.
COOKS, ETC.
14 cooks, waiters and kitchen help, city and
. country; porter, butchers.
Andrew Steiger, cook, please communicate.
SAILMAKERS.
5 sallmakers, steady job, city, $2 50 to $4
day.
PIE BAKER.
Pie baker, city Job, steady, $15 week. '
Young man around machinery, hotel, $25 fd.
PLASTERERS.
8 plasterers, city Jobs, $3.
Farmer and wife, vineyard, $45 and found.
Cook, small hotel near city, $40 and found.
MINERS.
5 single hand miners. Nevada, $90.
BUTCHER.
Butcher, country shop, see boss here. $50
and found.
-> MACHINE HAND,
PLANING MILL.
Machine hand, country planing mill, $4 day.
PLUMBER.
Handy man with plumber's tools. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
' AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st
Man for dye house, experienced, $15 to $20.
Amadcr County, teamsters, $2.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, big inducements.
Man to handle nerve medicine, $1 and com-
mission.
THn~ROMAY?r-SHTRK REGISTER, RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO.. 612-613 GRANT
BLDG.. SOUTH 104.
Practical watchmaker, permanent, $20-25 wk.
Janitor, quick, married, ref., perm., early.
Waiters for hotel in city $30 mo.
Clock repairer, city place, . good wagea.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12^ —
Short order cook, country, $65.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener for Santa Barbara.
$.",0. MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason.
WANTED— Salesmen for boys' and children's
clothing department. Apply to-day, a N.
WOOD & CO., 740 Market st •
WANTED — Salesmen for men's clothing de-
partment; apply to-day. S. N. WOOD ft
CO., 740 Market st
BRIGHT young 1 man as manager for Eastern
corporation In San Francisco; one with suite
cf offices preferred; salary, $100 to $150.
Apply 906 Mutual Bank Bldg.
WASTED — One or two men to learn a good
trade; steady work; paid while learning;
must have $25 security. Call at 618 Mer-
chant st, bet Kearny and Montgomery.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the
barber trade, under first-class Instructor:
only 6 weeks required at GILLETT'S
SCHOOL. 611 Commercial st-
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall
and custom -hoes* posltlona. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific- Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.; open evenings.
WANTED — Young man who . Is a thoroughly
experienced dry goods bundle wrapper. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WASTED — Young man to Join view photo:
with or without experience. R. .24, 23 %
Sixth, 9 to 11 a. m.
TAILORS — Coatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. ARNSTEIN. SIMON & CO., Market
and Second sts.
ONE younsr man to learn the barber trade
in a Fhnp; only method. HAIGHT'S COR-
RECT, 751 Mission st •
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday.
1307 Duiiont st^ ¦
BARBER for Saturday. 473 Seventh st. Oak-
land.
BARBER from 12 m. 208 Third st
GOOD barbr wanted Eaturday and Sunday.
617 Montgomery st^ ;- ¦-..' ' -..' ¦_. -, .
GOOD barber wanted Eaturday aad Sunday;
good wag«»s. 132 Pacific st.
GOOD barber for Eaturday; call after 9 o'clock.
€23 Clay st - .
GOOD barber wanted. 1074^4 Howard rt.
DRAPER wanted at Cordes Furniture Co. Ap-
ply to Mr. Herwlg.. manager of drapery dept
GROCERY clerk wanted. Apply F. G. K1CK-
HORST & CO.. Greenwich and Pierce.
BOY for the butcher business to solicit and
deliver orders. Box 227. Call office.
BELL man wanted at Bohemian Club; must
have the best of references.
BOOTBLACK for country. Apply 111 Ellis.
WANTED — Every druggist in town to tell his
customers about CHICKLETS. '
WANTED — A Chinaman to do cooking. Apply
115 Fell at., at 5 j>. m.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 649 Sacramento st
Lately moved from Clay st
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
Clerical, technical and salesmen, paying
from $1000 to S.IOOO year; communication
strictly confidential; offices in St. Louis and
8 other cities. Call or write Pacific Commer-
cial Bureau (Inc.), 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
WANTED — Steel stamp and die maker; a good
position to the right man. Address, giving
qualifications, references and salary expected,
Los Angeles Rubber Stamp Co., 224 West
First st, Los Angeles. Cal.
A PLEASANT raced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 23 Third st.
WANTED — A first-class all-round architectural
draughtsman; one with experience; state
terms and fullest particulars and references.
Box 80, Monterey Road, San Jose.
BARBER-SHOP fcr cale; 2 chairs; good loca-
tion; doing splendid business; 4 fine living
»roonis. Call at once. If you want a bargain,
at 1437 Mles-ion st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics ' to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
WANTED — An all around tailor and coatmaker
fnr country. Apply REISS BROS, ft CO.,
24 Sutter st '
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $S3 per month. Box 9S0, Call of flee.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
10 60c. 671 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sta.,
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
WANTED — Men to fill 850 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. C81 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED — A cake baier for city. Box 178,
Call office.
WANTED — Good male stenographer; state age,
experience and references. Box 400, Call.
YOUNG man for general work in candy-store.
I Box 353. Call office. .. .
EXPERIENCED carpet layer. 23S0 Market st
! BARBER shop for sale: good location; In hotel.
Corner Van Ness ave. and Austin st » ¦
OLD established 2-chalr barber shop; good lo-
cality ; low rent. 2-103 Folsom st
MEN. learn the barber trace; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st
SAILORS and ordinary "seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c
! SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 32S Montgy., r.413.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Pbelan bid
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: S5c night; reading, rooms;
free 'bus and ' baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL rizes men's shoes, slightly damaged.. half
,*= price. .. S71 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts. ¦-
HOKSES^ANDJVAGOirS.
TO HIRE — A couple of working horses by the
month; also room for a few more boarders.
Columbia Stable. 122^ Eddy st.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
tege now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 610 Golden Gate
GOOD gentle horse, about 1100 or 1200 pounds.
23C4 Vallejo street.
PONY cart harness and saddle for sale. Ap-
ply 341 8th ave. ,
OPEN hack, $200; good condition. Apply bet
10 and 11, 623 Ninth ave., Richmond district.
AUCTION «>ale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. . 327 Sixth st
FOR sale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st
WAGONETTES, Eurreys, buggies, wagons, har.
ness, work & driving horses. 15th-Valenda.
HOTrSESJTO^XiET. iv
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. CaU office.
TO let — Rear house; 4 rooms; 1832 Larkin st
Apply 1350 Larkin st. - -
HOUSES TO EET-— TPRglSHEP.
COMPLETELY furnished house; will rent
whole or part: call mornings. 1618 Jackson.
A MODERN aunny furnished house. 10 rooms,
2 baths, garden, yard: whole, part. 41D Oak.
__HOTEXiS^ __¦
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 "Van Ness ave.—
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every oon-
1 venlence. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
N. Y.. and Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
HOPSE-CLEAITLgQ OFFICES.
JAPANESE housecleaning company and shoe-
maker. 61S Gough st ; phone Howard . 35S3.
INVESTMENTS.
RAP.B bargains — 100 American Maroonls 14;
1000 Rhoderick Dhu, 2Sc; all other stock on
similar ' terms. E. COWPBR.THWAITE.
Stockton. Cal. -. - : . I
r.O3T and room,
LOST — A diamond locket a Native Bon em-
blem, on south drive of perk, between 19th>
and H ave. and music stand. SAUL MAG-
NER, 215 California at; suitable reward.
NOV. 25. 2 p. m., stolen from in front of 216
Jackson st.. black horse and open black
buggy. Any Information will be gladly re-
ceived by F. P, DULEY, 1713 Mission et
LOST— A ladles' gold watch. Initials M. B.;
on ferryboat Piedmont, 6:25 trip, Friday.
Return to 537 Montgomery ave.; suitable re-
ward.
LOST — On Market st, between Paiac« Hotel
and Emporium, on left-hand side, a dia-
mond pin sunburst. Return to Mr. John C.
Shlpp, 10 to 16 Main st, and receive reward.
LOST — Monday, pocketbook, with papers of no
value except to owner; no Questions asked;
please return to Janitor L O. O. F. Hall,
GBOROE W. PAYNE.
LOST — A St. Bernard dojt; dark-reddish coat,
white paws; answers to the name of Nero;
reward. R. J. ESTUPILLO. 1217 Green st
LO£T — On^ Monday evening, ladles' open-faced
gold watch and pin; monogram on Lack, M.
E. B. Return C36 Howard, receive reward.
LOST — Sunday. 1 p. m., diamond locket on
Haight st car. bet. 4th and. 5th sts.; valued
as keepsake; reward. 417 H Third st
LOST— Lady's gold watch, with fob, vicinity
Post and Kearny; reward. 2614 Sacramento.
LOST — Stock of a No. 12 Remington shotgun;
suitable reward at 553 Geary st
LOST— Small black notebook; . $1 reward.
Leave at "Call office.
LOST — Pair of rimless eyeglasses In case; re-
turn to 1111 Buchanan- st; reward. .-
LOST — Monday evening, ¦ ! one pair of specta-
¦ cles in case. Reward at. 510 Mason st
LOST — A parched throat by a man who chews
' CHICLETS. "
FOUND^ — Large collie dog; followed lady from*
San Rafael. Box 1542, Call office, Oakland.
UPHCHia FOB HUtB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
jBxATTHjCSSEJ^aLOTJ PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St. ; phone South 216.
__'___' MEDICA3V. _^
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any' ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience, without a fail-
ure, has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
j>t the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1 ; est 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st, opp. 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 044 Post st
MAS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladies' spe-
clallst. has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience in female complaints without &
failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fall see the doctor and be content Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor st., near Geary.
DR. G. W. CDONNELLrrAH who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female-
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market sts
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 210 Kearny
st ; relief guaranteed : no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 611A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1120 Market
LADIES — Kumround; eafe, rure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st, corner
20th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
sMOBLMiraoga^roB sAig. fl
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roofT Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is beet
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc Maetlc Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, • engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 180-132 Beale at.
BOILERS, engines, .2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH &. WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST. CO.. 21 Stockton «t
A— BUYS eells or rents gear machinery, en-
gineV boilers. ' water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc.: WHITELAW, 253-253 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) . California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 23 Stockton st j
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palact Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and • $1 50 pair;
I foot-form shoes at $2 50; we . pay express
charges. 11 3d at, Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly "or
monthly paymenta." DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st, room 12. T upstairs. .
MACHINERY for stern-wheel steamer; large
marine - boiler. 50 and 150 h. p.; surface" con-
denser. JARDINE, 220 Fremont st.
FOR sale— 1 quartz locket and pair Quartz
. cuff buttons. Call at 257 Sixth st Price $14.
ARMY shoes, $1 55: union overalls. 55c; Preeil
dent suspenders. 25c; shirts, S5c. 574 4th st.
ARK. r 2 ¦¦ rooms, • 4 beds; . cheap. W. . c
DONNELLY, 041 Market at. ...
NICKEL-IN-SLOT. upright Reglna; ; 12 tunes;
new; cheap. .617: Commercial st. :,, -
HIGHEST cash ¦ price ' paid for diamonds at
PAUJL'V. GAItLN'S,' 114 Sutter St. ;
-C^T— POg^SA^^
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
Real Estate Agents and Publishers of Sa:i
Francisco R?al Estate Circular,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION AND OTHER BUILD-
ING LOTS.
$30.000 — Almost a 3O-vara, close to Larkin
St.; right in town: fine building site; has large
residence on it now.
$25. WO— Green st. Russian Hill; masalflcent
vi«w; 137:Cxl37:C.
$17.5<\>— Post st, near Hyde: 25x120:6, to
rear street; fair improvements now en It
*l0.oof»— Hyde S t ; risht in town: 23x137:6.
$13,500— Fell st.: Bo-vara; fine building lots.
with good southern exposure; land slopes
tiiwanl south; will sell any size at $l2t) a front
foot; make offer.
$15.CijO— Valencla-st corner: 40x110; large
res'dence ; neeus to be Improved with stores
and will pay readily.
$13.5<X>— Large lot on Shrader and Waller
sts. for builder to handle
$ 13. 4CO— Powell »t. 44-foot front; two front-
ages; close to transfer Doint.
$12.5m> — North side of one of the best West-
ern Addition streets, nearly 70 ft front; or
will sell either half.
$12,500— Almost 75 ft front on Broadway;
can be made to pay an excellent rent by im-
proving with small flats.
$12.000 — Golden Gate ave., north side; nearly
43 ft. of frontage: excellent site to Improve.
$12.000 — 30x137:6, near Bush and Jones; a
fine buy for present use and future value.
$3000 — Very large lot on Fulton st; ready for
building and renting purposes.
$3000— Hayes-st. lot. close to Laguna, with
Cats In rear of lot paying $44 a month.
$7700—50 ft front on Haight st ; 137:8 ft
deep; fin* locality for renting and business:
cheap lots.
$7000 — Pine st. north side; 83x137 :«.
$70W> — Polk st; 00 ft front; extra depth:
right in town; will pay to improve.
$6750 — Vallejo st, north side; excellent resi-
dence locality: fine view.
$ti700 — Powell St.; with two frontages; fins
building location.
$>»00 — Green st ; In select resldenes locality ;
50x137:6.
$3000 — Sacramento st. north, side, near Pre-
sidio Heights: 50x100.
$5000— For 137:6x137:6, in northern part of
city; excellent site for tenements.
$4500— Vallejo st; unobstructed view; 44 ft.
front
$1100— Scctt st; eS:0xlS7:C; lerel building
lot
$4000— Halght st.. facing park; 23x100; street
work all done; north side of street.
$37SO — Jackson at-, for 23x137:6; or any size
at J1.-.IJ & foot-
$3750 each— For lots 25x137:6. on Page st;
street bltumlnlzed^ artificial stone sidawalk;
electrio cars passing.
$3C0O — Golden Gate ave.. corta st£t; 50 ft.
front; street work all done.
$3500 — Sacramento st.. north side; nearly 33
ft front; fine building lot
S3300 — Filbert st : north side; 27:«xl93. with
fine marine and land -view; street work all
$3300— Filbert st; thre« lots. 27:flxl37:«.
with fine marina and land view; street work
all done.
$3250 — 40x137:6; on Devisadero st; lrrel
building lot: gnnd view; locality is being built
up with good houses.
$2750 — Pag> »t. : 23x137:6; fine building lot:
street bituminlzed: artificial stone sidewalks:
electric car3 raising.
$2750 — Green st.; In best residence section:
5 lots, each 27:6x137:6; street sewered and
bituminlzed: fine marine view.
$2300 — Masonic ave. ; 23x112; street it-n«
blocked: electric can passing; block all built
up with first-class houses.
$2300 — Brodertck st.; 2 fine lots; each 27:«x
97:6; cable cars at the corner; good residence
locality.
$2000 — Greenwich *t. and another frontage;
20x121 to rear street.
$1750— Flllmore st.. 24x100; 2 lots: street
stone blocked: electric cars passing; $2000
-mortgage on the 2 lots may remain.
J1>~V> — Fillmore st. 28 ft. front; street atone
paved: electric cars passing.
$1250— Greenwich st; 27:«xl37:6.
$10u0 a lot — Two lots on Golden Gats are.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
TWO ARTISTIC HOMES.
SOMETHING NEW IN STYLE.
Just completed, en the corner of Parnassus
and WJlard sts.: 50 ft. corners; 9 rooms and
bath; up-to-date In every respect; for sun. light
and view cannot be excelled.
Take Ellis or Halght st car* and transfer
to Masonic ave. which will bring you right to
the property: unsurpassed view of Golden Gate
Park and tha ocean. Take somebody along
with you who understands building if you need
any pointers.
Don't forget to look at them, even If you
don't buy.
Price. $Si""CO and $S500.
Agent will be on hand from 10 till 4 o'clock.
HOAG A LAN PDA LE.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.. S. T.
$33,C00 — LOT and improvements; Pacifio st.
nr. Hyde: 8Sxl37:6; rentals. $2C0; $15,500 at
6 it cent can remain; make bid.
$2f>,0<iO — Lot and improvements on Central ave..
near Jackson st; 67:S^4x211; rear half of
lot irregular; rents $15O.
$92ZO — Stores ar.d flats: Bryant st, near 7th:
rentals $33: lot 30x90; good location for in-
crease in value.
$4100— Substantial cottage In Richmond: Third
ave., near Lake; lot 25x120; rents $25.
Other desirable city and country properties
on application.
L R. P. GRUBS. 823 Mills building.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXEa
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract:
I*-vel as a billiard table; on grade; dose to
fine school and Mission street electric cars;
bcurd to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lota, near
Ocean Boulevard; best residence, location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE.
2C Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Main 3704.
FOR sale — Extra well built new house; only
one left of 22 recently built in this block: on
Ashbury Heights; a locality of elegant homes;
superb view; this home Is tha home of home-
building: contains 7 rooms (all sunny), base-
ment and attic: plenty cf large closets; w»
have a model kitchen; yon never saw on*
like it; it will pay you to inspect this horns.
k>:: Clayton st., 3 blocks south of Haight:
JOHN 6T1ERLEN. owner, on premiseat
FOR SALE.
$5500 to $eooa
Four extra well finished Colonial and Mis-
sion style bousea of S rooms each; lots extra,
width: Fifth ave. and Hugo sts.. oae block.
' from the Park. Houses open daily for in-
spection^
A CONSERVATIVE INVESTMENT.
On a large lot. 33x136 ft. centrally located
In the Mission, are 6 flats of 4 and 3 rooms,
with baths: price $12,500; rents $113 month-
ly; all rented and always rented; best renting
neighborhood In Mission.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 812 Bush st
CHEAP home: new. modern cottage-: high
basement and attic: all street work com-
plete; easy terms. Inquir* on prcstisaa, 4379
Mission at ¦
$6500 — UP-TO-DATE 9-roora residence. Just
finished: 815 Fell rt. near Flllmore; open
for inspection from 1 to -8 p. m. ; Utis Is a
bargain; see this before- going tlsewhere.
FOR sale— $S500: 1322 Learenworth st. bet
Clay and 'Washington: fins residence of 9
sunny rooms, bath, large basement furnace.
storerooms; marine view. Call 2 to 4.
$1400— TXRMS if desired: 36-ft front: block
of 13th and Valencia: street work eompl«t».
The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 23 per week.. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Croasley bid.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlhach & Mayer, plumbers. S36 Howard st.
SAW MATEO REAI. ESTATE.
LOM1TA PARK — On line of San Mate* elsctrta
cars. 43 minute* from Fifth and Market sts. ;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the S P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-off" will Join
the main line; 60-foot lots from $400 up.
terms from $10 to $30 down and balance at
rats of $10 a month: sewer and water pipes
in front of every lot; purs artesian well
water: over one-ha'f lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
In this desirable section: take the electrto
cars and get off at "fcOkrTA PARK" and
taTKtl^ E i:Br i) R(553 E < S 3 a 5f u co u . OB '
116 California St.: Tel. Main 673.
MH.Ii ?AIAET MAT; T<r-»TT».
fan TO $S00— Ten per cent cash, balanc* $10
monthly, fine large lots; graded streets: pur»
mountain water; grand redwood trees:
charniiig views: right at the station; they
.??™lHnff fast 130 lots sold; send for II-
"u7trawd booklet LYON ft HOAO. U*
Montgomery st.
reax estate to ex ctcattob^^
<^^ > * s^^o^^s^le~^rexciiange\
IPO-acre fruit ranch, in full bearing; mostly
oeaches 16 acres alfalfa, splendid building,,
»tl necessary fruit houses drier and trays.
, fact rally equipped for handling the crop:
nrice $25 OX): will sell on easy terma or ex-
change for cood property In San Francisco ©r
rv.k'and- good reason* for selling. J. H.
EDSON sole agent. 14 and 15 Bacon block.
Oakland. CaL
for Additional Classified Advertise-
- B^mtr Se« Pa.ee 14.
PESSOWAT^S— Contlnned.
DETECTIVE— Private detective: all classes le-
gitimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS, 816 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2634.
DENTISTS are prescribing CHICLETS to aid
in the care of the teeth.
WANTED — Worklngmen to get their winter
underwear at P. FELIZ'S. 352 Third st
ELEQAXT sulta to order extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, fe50 Market.
H. ANDERSON. 26 CFarrell St.— Theatrical, '
masquerade and carnival costumer.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NECHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring; 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous haJr removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton,369 Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Geary,r.3S.
TAILOR-MADB suit $7 50; dress pants 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDU1T9 Egyptian Henna restores . gray
hair to Its nantral co'.or.$l at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PBTSICIAN3 AUTD STTZfcOEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and~resTdenc«.
1021 »4 Market st, bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 % Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor!
treats all diseases of the human body; for
: past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary at. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases, cured by Chinese herbs. 746- S Clay st
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's ,
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
PAJEBHJJLjffQCTG^. PAjaTTIgO. ETO.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE, 1067 McAllister st; tel. Fell 2103.
'
PATE JITS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
toriiey-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. S32 Market st
PTJBCgASIlTO AGEUCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln st. room 48; tel. South 319.
. PBOPOSAL3. ;__^ n
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted^ — Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Board of Directors of the
Veterans' Home of California, at Its office.
Room 13. 330 Sansome «t. San Francisco,
California, up to 11 o'clock a. m., Satur-
day. December 3. 19O4. and opened Immedi-
ately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies, etc., for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, California
(railroad station, Yountville. f. o. b.) for
six months, commencing January 1. l»o.
and endln* June 30. 1U05. Schedules with
information and instructions for submitting
bids will be furnished upon application by
the undersigned. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules, and no
bid will be considered unless it Is in ac-
cordance with such schedules. Bids must
bo made on samples submitted whenever
called for In the schedule. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent, of
the amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnne Treasurer, conditioned that the bid-
der will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance, as required
by law. The Board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Preference will be given to goods manufac-
tured or produced in this State, price, fit-
ness and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions of Section 3247 of the Political Code.
Address John F. Sneehan, Secretary of tha
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home
of California. Room 13, 320 Sansome st San
Francisco California. By order of the Board
of Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secre-
tary. j
PROPOSALS for construction. — Office of Con-
structing Quartermaster, Walla Walla,
Wash. October 2Sth. 1904.— Sealed proposals.
in triplicate, will be received In this office
until 10 o'clock a. m., November 30th, 19<M.
and then opened, for the material and labor
required in the construction of two double
sets of brick barracks (two companies each)
' at Fort Walla Walla. Wash. Information
and blank forms will be furnished upon ap-
plication to this office. The right is reserved
to reject any or all bids, or any parts
thereof. Plans and specifications can be seen
at this office, or that of Chief Quartermas-
ter Department of California. San Francisco,
and Quartermasters at Boise Barracks.
Idaho; Portland. Oregon: Seattle and Fort
Wright Washington. All bids must state the
time of completion. Envelopes containing
proposals should be Indorsed "Proposals for
public buildings, Fort Walla Walla. Wash.."
and addressed to NOBLE H. CREAGER,
Captain and Quartermaster, U. S. A.
PROFOSALS for subsistence supplies— Office
Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco Cal
November 16. 1804.— Sealed proposals for fur'
niching and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office,' will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., Saturday. November 26, 1004, and
opened immediately thereafter in presence of
bidders. Specifications, general instructions
to bidders and blank forms of proposals will
be furnished to established dealers on appli-
cation to C. R. KRAUTHQFF, Major Com'y.
$.20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wheatland. for sale, untaxable, bearing 5
per cent interest; serial 40 years; bids w;il
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5. 1904. cer-
. ttfled check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address R. N. MURPHY.
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
ROOriNCr.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired; low prices; work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co.. F. Herrmann, m'gr, 60S 2d st.
SEJ^TB^MA^^^E^A^no^SirrpPilES;.
THB most wonderful sewing machine. on earth
is the White Grand; two complete machines
in one. See it before buying at the new re-
tail office of the White. 915 Market st
ALL makes: 2d hand. $2. $5. $7. $9; new.$4. $9;
drop heads, B drawer, golden oak. $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth st: tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all make* at any
price; sjl kln>* rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. lf£l Market st. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $3. $8; slightly
used $10 $19, $20; you know where the dolli
swing in the window. 10S1 Market st
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaraa- 1
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st |
STORAGE AND WASEKOXTSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 729-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Pcwell sts.: tei. Prt. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn-
pan). 2320 Fillmore st; pbone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st; tel. Main 184a Shipping at cut rates.
STORAGE.
WANTED — To store piano free for use- rell-
abU party. Box 1644. 1003 Market st
stop DBxmcnra.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c; labieWornv
mailed in olaln package; has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hay ward bldg.. S..F.
TTPEWBXTEBS AZ7S SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remlngton7"No~~i
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market
_ XiEOAXi BTOTICE3.
I ' HEREBY notify the public that my wife,
Martha, having left my bed and board, that
I will not be responsible for any bills con-
tractcd by her. F. ,W. HOVEY.
ALL outstanding bills against P. F. Gleason,
owner of salocn at 1912 Market st., must be
present* d before Nov. 30, as he will sell ou>
JBSh SMMIfeA SlBBBS- jAbBS^S^IsSBBBBbIbBBBBBBBBBBBBSS^BBBS^
ryPLOYLmarT xtahtsj — z.iale.
FABKE8 aad wl'e for houaewoik; ccok fcr
•.: V tiler*, laboren- and a number cf
t: .- vvtr.t Bit-Nations Sw J. K CRO-
MCTT &. _CX>.. C2S Sacramento st.
• ::::IEI> man wishes a ranch toTakVcharge
r 'inch work; work for man only; house
live tn; understands ranching well; can
t:\e be*t of references ae to character; no
¦ ¦¦¦¦ C, H. HANSON, SU Fifth St..
u.-.al.ii. Cal.
. :.A<-TICAL double-entry bookkeeper, fa-
:ir with groceries, wines and liquors a
¦ kir. with best references, st-eks tnyUoy-
:.i cf »¦:¦¦¦ kind in or out of city. AA-
d >»6 box feCti. Call office.
ti— FIRST-CLASS paintir.g. paper hanging.
iir.tiKg «-nd decorating by thoroughly experi-
¦.nceti mechAiilc, by the d*> or job; »crk
guarameed. 1454 Devisadero st.
¦ "SITION wanted cleaning windows, stores,
r arm do general chorea and gardening tn
; -r:vate place; good driver. Address ll. B.,
'-•iU Montgomery st.
MIPDLE-AGED man desires position as hotel
<lerk or barkeeper: city or country; country
;re:erred; 12 years' experience; gwod refer-
ences. Box 20C. Cail.
"WANTED— Position, city or country: would
;.*n employer $200 in trust; well-known
through the suit Box 226. Call oCflce.
MIDDLE-AGED, reliable man, good refer-
ences, wishes employment few hours daily or
til day. Box 244, C&ll office.
TRAVELING salesman would like a position
with a reliable firm; specialty line preferred; j
referecoe on application. Box 3S7, Call office. |
UL'TLER. best city references, for past 10
years tn S. F. t Swedish), wichea situation.
Address PETER, care Andre's. 317 Stockton.
GENERAL merchandise clerk, age 24 years, 5
vears' experience, desires employment; wages
$60. Box 1543, Cail office, Oakland
BOY. 15. wishes situation as cash boy In a
butcher shop or market. Address A. IX. 303
Ninth st-
WANTED — A position by a young man as
;an:tor. porter or butler. Box 385. Cail office.
WANTED— Position a* va'.et or nurse for In-
valid n.sie. Box 70. Call office.
WANTED — Position as carpenter foreman. Box
216. CaU.
A COUPLE casing from Cast wish positions;
man thoroughly competent in all branches of
horticulture, care horses, tend cows, also
good carpenter: wire Srst-class cook; good
references. Call all week, MR. MORRIS. 163
Minna st . J
MIDDLE-AGED man would like to have po-
sition as w ,!K.:-.ff foreman on asparagus
:anch; experienced; worked at Sacramento,
Bju.cin Island. Alvlso. GEO. BROWN,
Baden. South Ean Francisco.
GERMAN, middle age, wants position as Tege-
tabie cr fiower gardener; understands prun-
¦£ is handy wit bcarpenter tools and un-
derstands also to care for horses; city or
country. Box 100, Call office.
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery man
wants position as clerk, salesman, collector
cr handle grocers' specialties; well acquaint-
ed tn city. Piease address H. BRODERSEN.
coal yard. 441 OFarreU at.
A GERMAN, midd'.e-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
ro.n;: good references. W. BOIiLING. 417
Kearcy «t
DETECTIVES— <Jeatleman and lady of thor-
ough experience will take any case; satisfac-
tion ruaranteed; terms reasonable and
ru-icCy confidential. Box 119. Call office.
A YOUNG German goods salesman, knowl-
?¦dge of English. French. Russian, desires
position in big mercantile house; best refer- [
Tiees. Box 347. Call office.
EXPERIENCED, trustworthy young maa,
wants position as gardener: handy .with
tools; sot afraid to work; tend to horse, milk;
reference*. Box 383. Call office.
BARBER. American, temperate. 8 years' ex-
perience, wants position; city or country.
Address box 340, Call.
KLDERLY man. small, neat active, intelli-
gent, wants place; messenger, watchman or
Box 44S5. Call.
GARDENER war.t* position; is also first-clats
coachman; sober and reliable; best city and
country references. Box C8. Call office.
ELDERLY active man as chorems>n or take
care of horse and gar-dec; wages $10 per
moctis. JJox 53T, Can.
FIRST-CLASS colored man would like a po-
sition in private family as butler or cook.
Apply at 10u6 Clay st
COACHMAN; thoroughly competent; willing
asd obliging; can also care for garden and
milk; good references. Box 63, Call office.
AN elderly roan wants work in a small stable.
Jodgins- bouse or any kind of light work. Ad-
dress box 65. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER- buyer, time, stock or supply
clerk, by competent man on railroad, in mill,
mine or camp. Box 679, Call office.
GERMAN. 35 years of age, atesdy and sober,
used to hard work, wishes any kind of work.
A.ddres« J. F.. 125 Third St. S. F.
YOUNG man warts employment of any kind.
Box 197. CaU office.
BARBER wants work evenings and Saturday
and Sunday; first-class barber. Box 146, Call.
WANTED — By first-class bartier, position in
thort-hour shop. Box 478, Call office.
CAP.RIAGE painter, striper and letterer will
go arywhere. Address box 67, Call office.
YOUNG man wants wrk of any kind; has had
•ome experience at housework. Box €0, CalL.
WOODTURNER, first class, good shopworker,
wants steady position. Roehnisch. C39 Jessie.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants position In
family boarding-house or country hotel. Ad-
dress L. G.. 776 Clay st
JAPANESE boy wants a position ae schoolboy
©r houseworker. CHARA, Jspanese Y M.
C. A.. 121 Halght st.
JAPANESE, young boy. wants a position aa
schoolboy. H. T.. Japanese Mission, 1304 Post
et. Phoce Sutter 4132.
JAPANESE (nice, honest boy) wants position
as schoolboy- would oook, wait or general
housework. Box 21fl. Call office.
A TOUNG Japanese bey wants position as
schoclbcy. GEORGE, 414 Etevenscn et. Phone
Howard 1276.
A JAPANESE boy wants position aa schoolboy
Jr. a r.ir-e family. GEORGE KAWA, 744 Post
st. Phone Sutter 1731.
JAFANEFE boy wanta place aa achoo'.boy or
light work; afternoon for himself; speaks
.'air English. Box 69. Call.
YOUNG Japau«re boy wants a position as
school boy. A. B.. 1304 Post st; phone
__Futtcr 4132. ,
JAPANESE ?•xpprienced waiter, wanta steady
T**:tlon or by the hour. TAKA FUJI. I210B
.-¦',' St.
JAPANESE toy wants a position a* schoolboy
cr to do housework. Addrees 703 Larkln St.;
phon» Park S7S2.
JAPANESE, nice boy. wants a srutation as
•choclboy; >¦¦¦¦-..;¦.<. Enr'l'h; wages no object
M. 6.. 13T,i^ Larkin St.
GOOD Japanese manU a position to do cook-
Isg or housework in a nlcs family. J. NA-
I\AI. 623 S Washington st.
A YOUNG .';:-. —^ boy wants position as
Howrt'i'r 20 " 01 " 41 * 8teven *° n mt - : P bone
JAPANI>-E boy wants cooklr.g and bouse-
TAXOTO. 4.1, Jones rt.
JAPANESE, flm-das* laundryman war.U •>
JA B P . A «l E M 1 Ln.° U rt <1 " ke tO Work la f * BS "7- A -
JA B PA « E M^rt 1 '*' t0 wcrk la ; ' m "r- A.
Eczzrau. cube.
tlOO rREE for any caw cf ecs^ma nit rh.,,™ ;
or barber Itrh that I can't curt \ Trial tr«^ '
mer.t irre DR. BROWN. M Sixth ,V
glATS TO I.ET.
•^¦Bsssa^BMaa
A— ROUSES and flats to Jet; aa Immense iim-
wrrtc* absolutely free; take «<Jvaiita« ";
this department; it will ctr e you t<mf . I
trouble. Cord** Furniture Co.. 2«-m T«^?3
t-i., en tf*e sijuare, "*"»
TLLIF. 1247, between Octavia and LagunT-
rrandfst fiats In clt»; Just completed- 7 7'
10 rooms, and 550 Willow ave.. 5 rooin»'
still he oyen dally between 10 and 5 o'clock.'
JI'ST «rompleted/3 very elegant fiats of 7 B
N rrw>ni*; social hall and attic, beam ceilings'
led dininr room. 1034-3G-38 McAllister!
•t finer: r«nt very raoderate.
FOIt rer.t— Nice., sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath; rt-nt reasonable. 2810 Pln« st
sTCNNY cor. middle flat," 2»42 Scott cor. Sac-
yajnesto; 7 rooms, etc.; $27 CO; water free.
?FC?F MFh TO FT CHAD TO 1/AKT Ah DATDflN C FPFF
1 — v K-j 1 li — ls \y I — 1_ Wl 1 \y ! l/V / \ 1 / \lS i \ \\s l\y f VAfternoon Session.
Board —
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 73 50
200 Honokaa S Co' 18 25
285 Honokaa S Co 18 12%
50 Makawell .- 32 37%
50 Hutchlnson S P Co, 15 37%
625 Hutchlnson S P Co? 15 50
5 Spring Valley Water Co 39 75
$2,000 Sacramento El Gas"& Ry 5s. .100 00
$6,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 86 37%
Street —
100 Pacific States Tel & Tel 106 00
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 100 25
$3,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent. 119 25
$3,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent 113 50
$7,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 86 37%
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6g. — 100% SF & NP 5s.ll2 112%
B L Wat 6s. — 114% S P C R 4s. 08 103
Cal NW 6s.. 113 > — |8 P Co 4%s.l01% —
M C Wat Ss.lOO — Sun Tel 6s... 114% —
Rls I WksSs — 105 I Do 5s 106 —
SF Drdk 5s.ll2 |Suttr-st R5S.104 —
- MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 22 25 |Lon& SF Bk. 60 65
Amer Bis Co — 00 |Mat Nav Co. 62% 85
Cal Cot Mils 80 — JNev Nat Bk.200
Cal G&ECor. 50 — IN Cal P Co. 9% 10
C Jockey C1.110 — |Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Powder. 130 145 | Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IIOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal T I & T — 155 Orpheum Co. — 16U
Cen Bk. Oak 60 72% PacC Cas Go, — 137%
Chutes Co .. 5 0 Pac Sur Co. 105
City & C Bk — 120 Paral Paint.. 39 —
Cyp L Imp.. 6 6% Sv F Drydock — 65
East Dynm.l — 375 SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
DptPwd pfd. — 95 S J Wat Co.103% —
Do com . . 40 — " SO & MTgbt.125 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — So-Pac Co... 65 — .
Fischer Thtr — 1}£ Swiss- A Bk..ll5% —
Frnch-A Bk.106 — iTruck Elect.. 11 12%
Gas Con A.. 18 20 |UR InC pfd. 63 64
Hono P Co.. 29 — I Do com ... 17
Do pool ..29 31 I
a a t pjo
Morning Session.
100 Honolulu Plantation Co (pool). 30 00
•.; v \" . Afternoon Session.
Street —
, 300 United R R Inv Co pfd 63 25
California Oil and Stock Exchange.
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert ... ""05
California Standard Tt
Four 1 ™ ' -11 7 «>
„ * •• r>4
iiomp •••••••••••• * ••'# ¦ • R2 firt
Imperial 15 00 16 50
Independence .... 34
Junction '"i4" *
Kern, old 4 60 '.'.'.'.'.
Monarch (of Arizona)...... "46
Monte Crlsto 75 80 .
Occidental of W. Va 5 c
Oil City Petroleum 60 61
Sovereign 31 34
Sterling 2 10 2 50
Thirty-three 5 50
Toltec .- 22
Twenty-eight 12 00 14 00
Coallnga & Pac. Oil Co ." 25 33
Associated Bonds ....:.. \. 8650
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 25
Cypress Lr.wn Imp. Co. .....: 650
Flsoher"s Theater .......... 82% 1 00
Northern Cal. Power V^-'.BM 10%
OFFICIAL SALES.
1:30 p. m. session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 52
lOOO Oil City Petroleum 60
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
¦-.".' - . Morning ' Session— Comstocks.
100 Alta ......... 06| 300 Mexican .1 10
1C0 Belcher 2l| 200 Ophlr ... .2 2u
300 Belcher ...... 22| 100 Overman .....13
800 Bullion ...... 22 600 Potosi' ....... 20
700 Chollar ...... 17| GOO Seg Belcher. .. 06
200 Con Cal & VU 8(N COO Savage .; * ?9
10O Crown Point.. , 17) 700 Savage ."....;. 30
600 Hale & Norc. 01| COO Sierra Nev. 43
100 Hale & Norc. 921 400 Union Con.... 53
200 Halo & Norc. «3| 600 Union Con. ... 5i
200, Hale" & Norc. 94| 100 Yellow . Jacket. , 17
: Afternoon Session— Comstocks. -
200 Belcher ...... -- 22| 200 Mexican '.'... \;1 ,10 1
200 Best & Belch.l 151 200 Ophlr ........2 20'
.600 Chollar ......' 1»| 20O Ophir ....... ..2 25'
100 Con Cal &V.1 80) 200 Potosi ......... 22 .
;200 Gould,&;Cur; : 20| 300 Potosi .... V.. '.- 21
BOO Gould & Cur. ' 271 500 Savage .. .\ ... 35
400 Hale & : Norc.l C5|10CO Sierra : Nev. . . . 45
CLOSING (QUOTATIONS. - 1
: Bld.*Ask.! "" Bld.Ask/
Alpha . :. . . . . : 13 : 14f Julia , . . ... /. . . 05 ; -.,- 07
B. P. and Ellen F. Jenkins to Clare E.,
Lillian E. and Adelaide G. Jenkins, lot on 6
line of Greenwich street, 204:6 W of Pierce,
W 60 by S 137:6; $10.
Mary L. Powers to David Beldler, lot on N"
line of Grove street. 150 W of Broderlck. W
50 by N 137:6; $10.
Jacob Harris to Nettle Harris (wife), lot on
S line, of Golden Gate avenue, 12l:10}£ W
of Bakfer street, W 25 by S 137:0; gift.
Edward C. Brown to Margaret K. Brown
(wife), lot on W line of Cook ; street. 500 N
of Point Lobos avenue, W 120 by N 25, lot
26, block 042, Point Lobos Avenue Homestead:
clft;
James B. and Eleanor L. Brewster to Fred
erick S. Markey, lot on N line of Jackson
street. 157:3 W of Cherry, W 51:»ii, N 80,
E to point opposite beginning. S 00; $10.
Frederick S. and L. Alice Markey to Frances
M. Madden, lot on N line of Jackson street,
1&4 W of Cherry. W 25, N 80, E to point op
posite beginning, S to beginning; $19.
Mary E. F. Schaefer (wife of John J.) to
Columbian Banking Company, lot on E line
of Shotwell street, 05 S of Nineteenth, S 20
by E 100; $10.
Emma Samson to Harrah T. Toner. lot on
E line of Dolores street, 35 N of Twenty-flfth
N 25 by E 100; $10.
Mary E. Dunn to Thomas Dunne, lot on W
line of Guerrero street, "5 N of Army, N 25
by W 100: $10.
Lisetta Kleebauer to Chrtstlane O. Zwick, lot
on S line of Twenty-flfth street. 81:8% E of
Sanchez, B 20:1% by S 114, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Joullln (wife of Elienne), same; $10.
George T. Davis to John Kennlgan, undivided
2-3 of lot on S line of Twenty-seventh street.
80 E of Noe. E 160 by S 114; $2000.
Cuneo & Costa Company to Angelo Delmonte
and Giovanni Roscelli, lot on E line of Kearny
street. 57:6 N of Broadway, N 20 by E 6O:«S;
$10.
Virginia and William K. Vanderbllt Jr. to
Laurence McCreery, lot on S line of Turk
street. 137:6 W of Taylor, W 60 by S 137:6;
$10.
W. P. Fuller & Co. to Margaret H. Fuller,
lot on S corner of Mission and Beale streets,
SW 137:0 by SE 137:6; $10.
John W. Carroll to Ethel Ltncoln, lot on SH
line of Clementina street, 80 NE of Second,
NE 25 by SE 75. and lands adjoining; $10.
Thomas J. Rellly (or Rlelly) to California
Saw Works, lot on NE line of Geneva street,
135 S13 of Brannan, SE 25 by NB 100; $10.
Bridget Bracken to same, lot on NK line of
Geneva street, 100 SB of Brannan, SE 25 by
NE 10O: $10.
John and Maria Monteverdi to same, lot on
NE line of Geneva street, 150 SB of Brannan,
S3 25 by NE 100; $10.
Delia Atkinson (or Ackerson) to samo. lot* on
W line of Harriet street, 125 S of Brannan,
5 25 by W 75: $10.
James J. and Alice B. Fagan to same, lot on
NE line of Geneva street, 200 SE of Brannan,
SE 50 by NE 100; $10.
Eugene G. and Jessie McCarthy to same, lot
on NE line of Geneva street, 175 SB of Bran
nan, SB 25 by NB 100; $10.
Estate of Richard Brady (by Richard Jr. and
Samuel Brady, administrators) to Edward
Brady, lot, on SB line of Bryant street. 52:6
NE of Langton. NE 27:6 by SE 90:7; $2500.
Laura C. Sanchez to Edward M. and Eliza
beth R. S«aton, lot on S line of Lake street,
25 E of Twenty-third avenue. E 25 by S 100;
Frederick F. and Busan S. Fans to George
H Bepn, ¦ lot on W line of Twenty-seventh
avenue, 150 N r of California street, N 5 by W
l^O* $10
Edwin W. Taggard to Georgia and Tracy
G. Russell. Beatrice R. Toungberg. formerly
Beatrice E. Russell (wife C. J.). lot on
NW corner of Nineteenth avenue and Clement
str~?t N 200 by W 240, quitclaim deed; SI.
Geo'rglana and Tracy G. Russell and Beai
trice R Youngberg (wife of Charles J. (Bea
trice e! Russell) to Hebrew Home for Aged
a^o D rg S e ab C? d an l d am Liiz!e 12 J 00^-r.ght to S. Duca.
S^i^s&^rVs by £« «
block 11. University Mound; $10.
Anna D. Joost to Robert L. Lewis. Jot on
NW line of Corbett avenue, 252:6 SW of Dia
mond alley, SW 32. NW 11$ :5. NE 25 SE
123:7%, block 23, Market-Street Homestead;
C. Rels to Ralph "W. Goodhue, lot
3° block 14 Rels Tract; grant.
Same to Clarence M. Goodhue. lot 31, block
gam? to Joseph W. Goodhue, lot 30, block 14.
8a Sam<T to Margaret Dahlbender. lot 19, block
8. Rels Tract; CTant.
Herman J. Kleser and Charles W. Feldman
to Robert "Wertz and Louis Llnae, lot on NW
corner of Old San Jose rood and E line of
Plymouth street, N to Sagamore street, E to
Old San Jose road, SW to beginning. Railroad
Homestead; $10. *-
John H. and Ellen G. Grady to Alanson
Lewis, lot on SW line of Mount Vernon street.
100 NW of San Miguel. NW 28:6 by SW 100,
lots 10 and .11. block B. Gets Addition to
Lakeview; ?10.
.Builders' Contracts.
F. J Ehrmann (owner) with W. S. Slmonds
(contractor and architect) — All work except
shades, gas , and electric fixtures. • mantels and ;
store fixtures for a one-ctory frame ¦ building 1
on the SW corner of Nineteenth and Florida
streets. S 40 by W 25; $1041.
J. ;J Mack (owner) with Charles Chlsholm
6 Son (contractors), architects Newsom, &
Newsom — Brick, mason and carpenter ' work,
sash, glass and doors, lathing, plastering, j
painting, tinning. ' metal . work - and . electric !
work for ,a three-story and basement frame ,
and concrete residence on the NE corner of
Scott street and Pacific avenue.- 6S:« on Pacific
avenue and : 120 on : Scott . street; $42,548.
= Same * owner •• with ¦ Ickelhelmer . Bros, (con
: tractors), architects same — Plumbing, sewering
and gasfltting, for same on "'Same; $3847.
'. i Same ; owner ; - with \ William ; F. Wilson Com
pany (contractors)/ architects same— Hot water
heating plant for tame on same; $1393.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Garrett. lot on E line of Laguna street. 26:8
S of Greenwich, S 26:8 by E 62:6; $ .
M. Sheftel Company to J. Sheftel. lot on E
line of Web3ter street, 112:6 S of Bush fa
25 by E S2:6: $10.
Nellie Clark *o Samuel Gerson, lot on NW
corner of Geary and Webster streets, W 28:9
by N 115; $10.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 25.
REAIv ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alta 06 OStJustlce 05 06
Andes 24 25|Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 21 22 1 Lady Wash ..02 04
Best & Belch.l 15 1 20;Mexlcan .. 1 10 1 15
Bullion 22 23tOccldental ... 80 90
Caledonia 43 49|Ophir 2 20 2 25
Challenge ... 14 16|Overman 13 15
Chollar 19 20i Potosi 20 21
Confidence ... 83 00|ScorpIon 05 07
Con Cal & V.I SO 1 S5!Savage 34 35
Con Imperial. — OllSeg Belcher... 05 06
Con NY 03 C5|Slerra N'ev 44 45
Crown Point.. 17 1* Stiver Hill R4 f>5
Eureka~Con.. — 50!St. Louis — OS
Exchequer ... 40 52|Syndlcate .... 03 05
J2. Sierra Nev OS 05 Union Con 55 56
TJould & Cur. 2« 27|Utah 07 08
Hale & N'orcl 00 1 05! Yellow Jaoket. 17 IS
TONOPAH-AXD GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
20CO Blue Bull ... 14i 200 Red Top 11
100 Cent Eureka. 1 50| 100 Sandstorm ... 27
500 Columbia 17 1000 Ton Midway... S5
1000 Ooldflelrl 50 100 Ton N Star... '17
100 Gold Anchor. 21 200 Ton of Nev..S 75
100 Mont Ton..l 77V. I 5C0 Ton Ohio .... 32
100 Jumbo $0|
Afternoon Session.
20O Cent Eureka. 1 501 2C0 Sandstorm ... 26
200 Gold Anchor. 23* 100 Sandstorm ... 27
200 Jumbo 50| 1000 Silver Pick .. 15
200 Mont Ton..l 77^1 200 Ton & Cal IS
1000 Paymaster .051 100 Ton of Nev.. 8 75
1000 Red Top lit 100 Ton of Nev.8 62^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev.. — u 00| Rescue 08 0l»
Mont Ton ...1 75 1 S5!Ton & Cal 16 20
Ton Kxton . .1 85 2 0O|Ray & O"Brlen — 08
MacNamara . 24 ¦ 261 Paymaster ... (H 05
Ton Midway.. 34 3(3 Little Ton ... 42 —
Ton Belmont.. 65 69|Esperanza .... 01 02
Ton N Star... 17 18|Gold Anchor.. 21 —
Ton Ohio .... — 32|Qulncy 11 —
West End ... 14 — |N Y Ton Con. — 12
Ton Gold Mt. 15 171
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 28 -30[Jumbo — 80
Red Top .... 11 121 Jumbo Ex ... 17 —
Goldfleld Mbk — 19(Vernal Mln ..08 11
Columbia — IS Goldfleld 60 —
Dlamondfield. 24 — |
'TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following: were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. . .
100 Austin G M.. 15 300 Jumbo 40
250 Austin G M.. 20 500 MacNamara .. 26 i
500 Dlamondfleld. 25 8500 Red Top II 1
1000 Gold Mt Con. Oil 100 Ton Belmont. . 69
500 Goldfield Min. 59|2900 Ton Midway.. 35
100 Goldfleld Min. 5S| COO Ton N Star. . . 17
Afternoon Session.
400 Austin G M. . 20 1C00 Paymaster ... 05
200 Cent Eureka. 1 60 1C0O Red Top 11
600 Dlamondfleld. 3J 200 Rescue 08
1000 Gldfld Red L OrtlOOO Sandstorm ... 30
700 Goldfleld Mln. 57 500 Ton Cash Boy 11
400 Jumbo 53 1C00 Ton Midway.. 36
300 Jumbo 54 1 400 Ton Midway.. 35
4500 N Y Ton Con 12 700 Ton N Star... 17
3000 N Y Ton Con 131 400 West End .... 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Adams 08 09 MacNamara .. — 25
Black Butte.. 17 — Mizpah Ex .. — 15
Blue Bull M. — 25 Mont Ton ..1 72^ 1 85
Booth M Co. 12 — N Y T Con M. 11 12
Bullfrog Min. 65 — Paymaster ... 03 05 '¦
Columbia 19 23 Ray Exten . . — 0« i
Dlamondfleld. 30 — Ray & O'Brien 04 10
Esperanza ... — 01| Red Top 11 12
Gold Anchor. — 25lReecue — 08
Goldfleld B Bl 07 — Rothwell G M. 14 50
Goldfleld B&B 08 —Sandstorm ... 30 —
Goldfleld Dmd — 20 Ton Belmont.. 6R 70
Gldfld Gt Bnd — 16 Ton & Cal 15 20
Goldfleld Min. 53 59 Ton Cash Boy — 12
Goldfield Mhk — 20 Ton ExUV ..175 —
Gldfld Red L — 07 Ton 4 Gt W. — 02
Goldfleld S Pk — 18 Ton Gold Mt. 15 16 1
Gold Mt Con. 01 f 2 Ton Midway. .34 35 I
Hazel Kirk .. — 12|Ton of Nev.. 8 50 —
Jim Butler .. — fiOlTon N Star... 18 17
Jumbo 53 MlUnlted Ton .. — 07
Jumbo Ex ... 16 ISlVernal Mln ..07 OS
Little Ton .. — 45| West End 15 —
Lucky Tom.. — OSi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 20, 1904.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
2E A r. ESTATE — COVTXTB.'T — Tox SsJtv
BSiiinri—yO ACHES of land, all under cult ' va "
1 with improvements, in on-hard tection
Suittrr Ccuaty; cr.ly three :nl!es« from
nty -..c.-.t ar.don line of new irrigation
? r:c : . if taker. s<x>n. but wO, not Keep.
M. J- SEWKOM,
«UC Second tJt.. Marj-svillc. CaL
f27.CC»--£10 . ACRES.-* S i MILES FROM ST.
Helen:.: moat hifrhiy improved land; 04 acres,
renis-rant full liearirs vineyard; homes fine
modtrn building* (complete like city homes),
with p»* plant, hot and cold running water;
tern; latent patent plumbing, etc.. with fine
redwood )>ark and ratal— trie water rights.
This is one of the most complete country
horn**? in California. Tor particulars call at
11 15 Broadway. Oakland, room 10, to owner,
VH. H. K. BACSKK.
£ALE cr exchange lor ctty property; sacrifice:
I«i3 arrft. Napa Co.: «<0 acres in cultivation;
:n;:t vtaes and tT?ln: lully equipped and
i-ayir.g: beauti:ul place; g<-:itleir:an's hoane.
BMADBURNE. 40." Montgomery st.
FOR mii^-ii acres of good tare! lard; sub-
dlvldci into «rra!! tracts if deslrtd. This
lanri Is rifrht at Rutherford. Napa County.
Cal Call or- cr nd^r^.-s the owner. T. 13.
EDINCTON. at Kuthrrford.
t*M ACRES good ranrntalr. land in fiantsi Clara
Co., and ccod IMMM and good barn; plenty
«f water: for sale or exchange. Inquire ola
Tnj'lor ct.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
i^Bd postal ior catalogue* o? the b»st Isnd
l_rps.1n? In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
«J4S M.-.rke« *t.
<~r>KTnA C~sta County real eatat* for s>ale.
Fend for list. D. J. WEST. Martinet. Cal.
A WEEK'? newti for 5 cents— Tt* Weekly Call.
1C r«P**- In w-rarper. for mailing. $1 P«r year.
he Aii rs7AT£ wAsrrro.
WANTED — To rer.t. 5 or 10 acres, with hous*
and Varr: ir.v.ft be g«->od improvements. Ad-
dreff R. H.. Acann>o. care of R. Bryan. R.D.
ALA31EDA ADVERT ? S ? M ? TS
ALAMEDA FLATS TO LET.
TO In— *io- Alameda: sunr.y. ."» rooms, bath;
nrar H'.g»i st. 5ta.ti>.n. 3L'oO Encinal ave.
BERKELEY ADVElirSWTS
nEHKELBY HEAL ESTATE.
— 13500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware St.. Berkeley; 3
rocrn< snd bath: lot 40x135: new and modern;
tunny cxreture: tine view; ->asy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.).
11T2 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st_.
Oakland.
BJZnKJET^ETT^ HOOTES TO JC.ET.
TO lens* — An Ideal country home; house of 12
rr>om»; everj' convenience; near cars and
univcic'ty; b»*!-t location; forty-five minutes
from San F.-iinolfco; owner going East. Ad-
dres? T. S. B., Berkeley P. O.. Cal.
BEEZELEY BOO3HS A.TSTD BOABD.
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 Unlverelty ave.: a fine,
mrxjprn hruse; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON.
O A KLAXI) ADYERT-'S'^lTa
OFFICE. 1016 BItOADWAY.
OAXXiAgfP REAL ESTATE.
DON'T mi?s this! Muit be sold at once. Ele-
gant <jue«n Anne. 6 rooms, modern hou*e;
funr.y side of street; ;>ar.oled dining-room;
pillared arch from reception hall to parlor;
(Quaker firejilace; porcelain bath; open
plumbing: large, e-jnny porch, with turnM
pests; open lawn; cement walks around house
_nd cr.iy 5 6hort blocks from train; swell
neighborhood; price s::i'."'i. Including large
ga* range and vent hood; Dea^y water heat-
er: only small cash payment required. $2500 —
Cozy bungalow cottage. 5 room?; close to
train*; walking distance from 14th st. and
Broadway: email cash payment, with balance
like rent: lot ."TxICmj.
Elrgar.t corner let. 32x95. on Telegraph
ave.; walking distance from 14th st. and
Broadway: finest location for flats or resi-
dence. Two new flO.000 residences just
completed, on opi>ositA corners, making this
corner one of the best locations in town;
will build to euit buyer.
Also 2 inside lots. 32x«5. $2000 each.
KREIFS & HORSWILL.
The New Real Estate Firm,
1070 Broadway.
WE ha%> clients looking for investments in
Oakland property. If you have either houses
cr lots for eale call at our office or mail us
full description and price.
a E. REED.
46S Eleventh tt.. Oakland.
BARGAIN— Beautiful T.r. home In Piedmont;
fine neighborhood : good location: near car 1
line: will tell cheap; must be ween to be ap-
ptvr'.afd. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th st.
Oakland ruaNiTuar fob sale.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in "furnU
ture. H. Scheihaas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisenrta
HOOKS rOE SOTTSZXEFXXra.
BUSH. 1338 — Housekeeping rooms to let; rea-
*cn&blc Phcne Eutter 1536.
EDDY and Polk »ts., Gladstone — Sunny
nou.^k<e;ing apartments; 1. 2 or 3 rooms;
?Mectrlc l'ghts; hot water; central.
ELEVENTH. 1C6 — Elegant front suite and sin.
ijrle rooms; complete for housekeeping ; g_s
an<] bath; reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. 778— 2 or 4 fine unfur. rooms.
with r«-g. kitchen; light hkpg.; priv. family.
GEARY. I HI Till, runny, bay-window suite;
all convenient f; location the best; marine
view; terms reasonable.
HAIGHT. 1031 — 2 sunny, connecting rooms, or
6e;.arate; bath; housekeeping; reasonable* .
GOLDEN GATE. 3S7— Newly furnished rooms;
hot nnd cold water; ra» range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C31 — NIoely furnished
houer keeping rooms; reasonable.
HARRISON. 748— $12; suites; modern; bath.
laundry; toilet en same floor: gas.
HOWARD, 7WVi — Sunny housekeeping rooms,
•nd ether*; respectable; no transient.
HOWARD. 73" H. Manilla— Nice front sunny
ruit*-. housekeeping; other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1050^ — Furnished housekeeping and
tlr.de rooms; gas; f2 to $3 50 per week.
KENK-WORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
roora pur.ny apartments; Mr-am heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apsrtm*nt», 1.540 Pine—
Sunr.y furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LAGUNA. 1507. cor. Geary — Newly furnished
—unr.y tmite: modern: new flat; private fam-
ily; reasonable.
LIBERTY. 504. near Castro — Two or 4 modem,
sur.cy, unfurnished rccmr; adults; references-
warm belt.
MINNA. o4<%— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
OAK. 1J7 — Corcplete for housekeeping, $5 to
HJt; tar range: hot bath: adults.
G'KAKRKL— •, 13M. near Latruna — Finely fur^
r.if hed i ••':s«ekeei)ing rocms, with e\-ery con-
ver.Sence.
SITTTEP.. SSI— Two sunr.y housekeeping rooms ;
completely furniAhed; gas. phone, bath.
THIRD. «2U — Housekeeping rooms; cheap to
•steady iKopl-e; uell furnished.
TURK. HS — Sunny, furnished front room: also
mite of 2 connecting rooms; furnished for
l:ouR*kreriinf:; r-ir.k J"n<J all convenltncei ; rea-
Jf_____
WALLER. 71— A beautiful suite of rooms;
turtitt-hed complete-; sun all day; new; $20.
APARTMENT gOtTSES.
THE ITVERICTT " ~
7-Jodrrr. ep-Ttraent*. SSt Fell st. Finest equip-
; •¦! 4 a.,d & roctn apartments (furnished or
nnfurr—ehed) tn city; grand view command-
ir.g t>ay and entire city: prices (famished)
from $43 Uf- Phone Pace CISC.
7>t>O»IS TO rjTT— rn-a. anfl TTTifn-a.
ATKINB. cor. Third ft. and Park lan« — Xew
t.-rirk building; all yunny rocms: hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class house
in locality; rooms tl Tin week and up.
k— BRUXSWICX Housfi. It* Sixth etT^Rooms
25c to $1 per ni^ht. tl 23 to $5 per wet-k and
llglu fcoutcke-rpsre rocm*; open all night.
AT "liu- A!n-ont--.*." K7~: Market St. (or No. 1
Kir;: ,• «--ii.»,tn*. 2.V. TiOc. $1. J15O night;
*' - '¦ :'i »>cck; house open all night.
liELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
tnsne*-. 1126 Market and Cl Turk— Electric
Hghtu; running water in every room; 200
rooms; £Sc to 50c per night; $1 26 to f 3 —i?3_.
j aooais TO r.ET— Porn, aad TJnforn.
i
CLAYTON. «il5. near Haight — Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, cheap; breakfast If desired.
CLEMENTINA, 53— Uocm to let.
EDDY, 432 — Nicely furnished sunny parlor
Fuite;-fine location: reasonable; bath; single.
EXHDT, 132— Fins sunny furnished rooms in
tjood neighborhood; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. .%7— Newly furnished sunny
rooms, (2 to f5 week; hot water bath.
GOLDEN GATE Ave.. 756— Nicely furn. rooms;
private lam., fcr 1 or 2 gents; mod. con.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
: to $1 night; $1 50 to $0 wk.; reading-room.
' HGWARI). 715 — Kurni5n€d rooms, single cr
double; central location.
i JETISEY. 4^2— Sunny front room; back parlor;
kitchrn; bath; privileges; rent reasonable.
JESSIE, "23— Large front parlor, furnished,
$15 month; others rooms f2 75 and $3 week.^
LAUKIN. SJ9H— Nice, sunny front room, suit-
able for one; gentleman preferred; $8. j
' LE VVKNV.OHTH. 71'_*— Nicely furnished sunny
j room; private family: ref.; rent reasonable.
' MAP.KET. 1C43 (The Kalmouth)— Sunny rooms;
i 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator. ¦
I MAtCKHT. 1104. \'cndome — Furnished rooms.
: t-u suite «>r filr.gl?: suits on first floor; tran-
*l»nt; cUvatcr 15 Turk st.
i METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third st. — 400
ulngle and family rcoms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $S p?r we«?k; the enly nrw and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
: ivater. electric lights, call bells, steam heat
! in every room and gives free baths end ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
i NINETEENTH. 3401A — One front unfurnished
j room and cth-ers.
• OFARRELL 2CS— Nicely furnished, sunny
frcnt rooms; also single; $2 to $4 week.
I PEARL. 3. cor. Market— Furnished Alcove
room ana kitchen, f 15; no children.
PINE, 1020 — Newly furnished room; very sun-
ny; phcr.e. gas, bath, running water.
ROTAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
I SIXTH. 221 — Changed hands; rooms, single or
double; reasonable; day, week or month.
j . '
BUTTER. CS2— Large sunny front room, beau-
j tifully fur., with kitchen; also single rooms.
THE STTKATHKY N.~C~dRXER~ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
! ELECTHC LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM ?-T WEEK.
! THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New man-
agement; new bldg.; finely furnished, with
! hct and cold water, steam heat and baths;
j fine location and reasonable rates.
i THIRD. r.OS — Grand bay-window parlor suite;
'¦ gas stove; grate; <15; weekly. $4; bath.
i 12 NEWLY furnlrhed rooms; central location.
DAVID BROS., cor. Kearny-Clay.cigar store.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, nr. Market — 400
rocrop ?'»: to $1 right. $1 75 to 58 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
¦ WEBSTER, 1560 — Sunny, furnished room, with
bath.
r WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
3,'c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
j KOOMS^AJTDJBOABDL
j WANTED — One or two young men to room
i and board together; eunny location. 3622
Seventeenth st.
; "ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with the
best French table board.
HARRISON. 570 — Large Funny front rooms,
with beard, for 2; f9 and $10 per week.
SUNNY elegantly fur. parlor, gas. grate; board
2; gentlemen preferred. 2760 Pine st.
• CALIFORNIA, Sl>7— Best rooms, table and
service in the city for the least money.
1 ' EDDY, 755 — Room /and board. ,
j ROOMS and board; reasonable. 196S Green st.
HAIGHT. 332 — Large sunny suite; running
j water; grate; eecond floor: corner house.
EUNNY double and single rooms, with board;
running water. 806 Leavenworth st.
J TURK. 123 — Clean sunny furnished rooms, en
' Fuite or single, with or without board.
i *~*>ws»»»*~»»»~»~— ~*~~~ J »—»»—»»— ™»™»»————— ————— i
DIVIDEKTD NOTICES.
! THE regular monthly dividend of 5 cents per
\ ehare on the preferred stock of the United
; Milk Company Is now payable at the office
cf the company at 524 Montgomery St.
SVDTTEEIirO A^D STAMMEaiMO.
« : MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MAKKLAGK LJCHLVSliS.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
¦ follow*:
Antone Cannata, 26. 2031 Polk street, and
! Rosle <"aclcla, 20. 210»r3 Mason street.
Charles H. Williams, 35, Ferndale, and
; Edith S. Hammond. 28. city.
Clarence R. Frary. 33, 514 Eddy street, and
• Anna E. Goelitzer. 2S, Salida, 'Colo.
i Gecrge B. Underwood, 33, Monterey, and
1 Edith Little. 32. Monterey.
Edwin C. McReavy. 2S, Union, Wash., and
Andrela L. Andrews, 27, 1243 Clay street.
Peter D. Kerhulas. 30. 160 Fifth street, and
Georgtsas N. Treantu, 25, 654 Natoma street.
Paul E. Aehnlich, 29, 507 Stelner street, and
! Emllle I.. Neubert. 28, 1920 Golden Gate ave.
Frederick Botcher. 35, Fort Baker, and
¦ Louise Heinrich, 27. 2S32 Baker street.
William H. Whelan. 39. I211B Howard
' street, and Emma L. Nealy, 40, 1059 Mission.
I Albert Beux, v.o. San Jose, and Helen
I Balmas. 22. San Jose. . --
j BIRTHS— MARBIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
i.mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
1 In st either of the DUbllcation offices and be
I indorsed with the name and residence of per-
, sons authorized to have the same published.
I Notices restricted simply to the announcement
| of the event are published once In this column
: fr«K: of charee.
! BORN*.
j GRASS— In this city. November 16, 1904, to
¦ the wife of Richard E. Grass, a daughter.
McCORMICK— In this city. November 13, 1904.
{ to the wife of J. A. McCormick. a daughter.
! MARRIED.
! DOSEY— BENNETTS— In this city, November
23, 11104. by th- Rev. T. R. Earl, Carl W.
! Posey and Mae Bennetts, both of this city.
I MEGENITY— JENSEN— In Berkeley. Novem-
ber ?3, 1W>4. by the Rev. H. J. vosburgh,
Benjamin R. Megenity and Emma E. Jensen.
: SULLIVAN— LEWIS — In this city. November
; 23. 1WM. by the Rev. George W. White,
paster of Central M. E. Church, Georee E.
. Sullivan and Margaret J. P. Lewis, both of
San Franciaco. . " »
WILLIAMS— MAAS— In this city, November
24. 1904. by the Rev. E. L. Wall, pastor of
Fourth Congregational Church, John R. Wil-
liams and Marguerite Maae, both of this
city.
— _— - __
Aiton. Isabelle L. Moffltt, Frank J.
Boylan, Hush Morgan, Edward J.
Byrne, Joseph I. O'Brien, Daniel
Dillon. Edward Pepper, Herman 8.
Fox. Camllle G.- Peiser. Pauline
Frailer, Mary Pfeffer, Daniel
Gillesiie. Mary J. Regan, Thomas •
' Hall. Edna Riga. Reuben
Han*brow. Etta Rodriguez, Irene
, j Hooper. John V. , Sllva. Louisa
. 1 Hurley, Alexander Stevens. Grace
. j Isuard, Theophile Summervlll, Thos.
Jenkins, Benjamin P. Taues'g. Emma M.
Kilduff. Robert P. Ulln, Lars M.
; ! Luco, Tersea R. Vorrath, Andres H.
i Matson. John Wessenberg.Clara M.
¦ ( McAuliffe/. John J. Wilson, John H.
. AITON — in Orancevale, Tuesday, November
22, 1904. .Isabelle L-, widow of Charles E.
Aiton. and mother of Lorna, -Roy, Archer,
Floyd and James Alton, a native of Minne-
sota. 8gcd 4S years.
BOYLAN— In this city, Noxember 25, 1904.
at his residencf. 110 Langton street, Hugh,
beloved husband of Mrs. M. B. Boylan, a
native of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 68
years 0 months and 14 days. /
! BYRNE — In this city. November 24, 1904,
Joseph Ignatius, beloved son of Thomas and
Elizabeth Byine, und loving brother of John,
Thomas. Annie and LUIIe Byrne, a native of
1 San Francisco, aged 25 years and'l month.
; 1 A member cf Twin Peaks Parlor, N. S. G.
W. < Hartford. Conn., papers please copy.)
*C7"Friends a nd acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvit«*l to attend the runeral to-day
tSaturday). at 0:15 a. m.; from the resl-
.itnee of hi* parents, 033'. Shotwell street,
thence lo St. l'eter'a Church,- Twenty-fourth
I and .Alabama «treets. where; a solemn re-
quiem ina5s will be celebrated for - the re-
pose of his" soul, commencing at 9:45 a. r m.
¦ i Interment Holy Crow Cemetery. -
Officers and members of Twin Peaks Par-
RAILWAY TRATEI-
Trml_a lea** aad ar« ««•
/O^rrrV.^X lo arrl -• nt
7 O ___^-^QSAN FRANCISCO.
I . \-J!|~".J * 'I r, 0J | OcroBM A 1904.
\<^^cV F " BT DltF0T
XLC \jS (Foot cf Market Street >
»"« - MAIN LINE. - a»»it«
7.00a V«c»»Ule. Winters. Uum»«y_ / 60»
7.00a Beolcl*. Elmlra a>nd Sacramento.. 7.20P
7.30a Tsllejo. N«p«, Csltstospv Santa
P.osn. Martinez. San lUmon S23»
7 30a Xl!es.Tracy. Latbrop, S'.ockron.... 7-20?
8 OCA Shasta Express— (VU Darts).
Wlli!am», Willows, tFrito. Ked
Bluff. Portland, T«coma, Scuttle 7.50*
8 COA Davis. Woodland. KntgUts Lnndiag.
Marrsvtlle. Orovllle 7.50»»
8 30a M*rtlne*. Antlocti. Byron. Tracy.
Stocktoa, Xew matt, Lo* Baaos.
Mendota. Armani, Hanford.
Vlsalli. Portervllle «.W~
8 30a Port Costa, Modesto. Merced,
Freino, Goslica .Junction, lisa- .
ford. VIssl!.v Xtaltersaeld 4-»0»
8- 30* N'llcs, San Jose. LI v-rmore. Stock-
ton, (+MIltoo>. loae, Sacramenta _^
MarysTllle. Chlco. Usd Bluff .... 4ZHP
8 33a Oafcdale. Chin«*e. Jsmrstown. So> __
nora. Tuolunmr and ADjcels ..... ?"£},«
8 COa Atlantic Express— O?den «od East. •¦*«"
8.30a Richmond. Martinez sad Way
8tationi 8B0 *
10 COa The Overland Llmlt«l — "rden.
Omaha. Chicago, Dent er. Kansas
City. S_ Louis ~ A-J&Z
10.00a Vallejo...- 5 12.20*
10.00a Los Aniretea Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Truer.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Kaymond. Fresno. Ooshen Junc-
tion, HanfoT'l. Lemoore, VUslUw
Bskersfleld. J.os An^lw < 7.ZDJ
12.C0m Harvard. Nltea snd Way Stations. 3 -20_
ti-OOP Sacramento River Steamers TU-BO*
3 J0»> Benleia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights l-ndlng.
MarysTllle. OroTllle aad way
stations
S.SOP Hay ward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 750*
S 30p Port Costa, Martlnei, By ron,Tracy.
Lathrop, StocMon, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno snd .____
Way Buttons beyond Port Costa 1Z-ZO~
4.00P M*rttnei.San KitrDCD.ValleJo.Napa,
*Calisto«a, Sinu Rosa. ,S»2«
4C0pNncs. Tracy. Stockton \»*°*
4.30P Hsyward. Niles. IrrtsKtoB, Saa » tS.60*
Jose. Ltrermora I tli.&OA
6C0pThe Owl Limited— Newman, Lo*
Banos. Mendota. Fresno Tulart,
Bakerafleld. Los Angeles - 850a
16 30p HsTwarJ. Nlles anj sun Josa ..... 7.Z0.4
8.00P Wayward. Nlles and San Jose 8.&Q-
6-OOp Eastern Express— Omaha. Chlcairo.
Dfcayer. Kansas City. St. Loals,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Col fax, Keno, Sparks. Mjatelio, .„___
Ogden "2-50-
t.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sonday.... I 7.50a*
7-COp Vallejo. Sunday only f w
7J00* Klcnmond, Saa Pablo. Pors Costa.
Martlaes and Way Stations 11.20*
7-COp Beno Passenger— Port Costa. B«-
nlcta. Sulsun. Elmlra. Dlxoa.
DaTl 9. Sacramento, Sparks. Tono-
pah, Keeler aad War Stations... 7-SOA
• OBo Oregon * California Express— Sao*
rainento. Marysrllle. Reddlnc
Portland. Pnget Sound and Eaat. 8-5JA
B.IOp Hsyward. Kiles and San Jose (Sua-
day only) II.B04
COAST LINE Osrrow Uaags).
(Foot of Market Street.) ¦ ,
8.15a Newark. CenterTlJle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Stations S-659
12.15P Newark. Clhterrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Loa Gatos.Felton,
Bonldor Creek, Santa Cras aad
Principal Way Stations tlO.5a*
4.18P Newark. Baa Jose, Los Gatos...] : 13.55 J
c9 3Cp Hunters' Tratn (Saturday only)—
6an Jose and Way Stations t7.25»
COAST LINE (Uroa«S *.*s«e).
tsr*(inird and Towmeml Strseu.)
6.10a Sao Jose and Way Stations 8-309
700a San Jose and War Stations 6 40»
8 COa New Almaden (Tnes.. Frtd.. only). 4.10*
8.00a The Coaster — San Jose, Saltsaa.
8*n Ardo, P*so Robles. 6aats>
Margarita, Ban Lais Oblspot
Gaadalape, Garlota, Santa Bar*
bars, San DueaaTentnra. Mon-
talro. Oxnard, B a r b a n k. Los
Angeles 10.39*
8 COa Oilroy. Holllstrr. CaatroTfllr, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lorn-
poc 10.30"*
8. COa Ban Jose. Tres Plnoa.WataonTllln,
Cspttola, Santa Cruz, Pacifle
Grove. Salinas. San l.uls Obispo :
and Prlncip v. Way Stations. ... 410t»
10.30a San Jose and w»y Stftttoos 12Ch»
11. 30a San Jose and Way Stations 7.30p
215p San Jose and Way Suitiona 3 3 J*
3. OOP Del Monte Kxpresa— Santa Clara,
Ban Jose, Watsonrtllc. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grore 12-15?
13-COp Los Gatos. Wrttrht. Boulder Crceic.
Santa Crnz. Tla Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge HO-45*
3-30p Valencia St., Smith San Francisco,
Kurllncame. San Jose, GHroy.
Hoi lister, Tr*s Ptnos 10.45*
4-50p **an Jo«e and Way Stations tSOO*
tS-OOP Santa Clara, ban Jose. Loa Gatos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) T9.00A
|5-30p SanJoseandPrincIpalWsySuttons 53.40*
6 46p Saoset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose,Gilroy.SaItna«,Paso Koblea,
6an Luis Obispo. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Denting. Kl F*«o.
St.Lou1». New Orleans, New York 9 IQjb
6.45p P»J»ro. Watsonrtlle. Capitol a.
Santa Crnz. Cas tror Ills, Del
Monte, PaclSc Grore 10-30*
t6*15P £aoMateo,Beresford,Uelmoni.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair OtJu.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8.43a
6-30pS«n Jone and Way Stations. i 6.38a
8C0pI'»1o Aito and Way Stations 10.1&A
11 .30p South San Francisco. M Ulbrae. Bar-
Mngame, Saa Mateo, Belmont,
Ban Carlos, Kedwood, Fair Oafcs,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto r34S»
•WOp May field. Monauin View. Sunny-
rale, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
__________________________•
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Bandar excepted. t Bandar only
* Saturday only. b Monday only.
. {Stops at all stations on Sunday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbaron rerry. Foot of Market Street.
SAZT 73ANCZSCO TO SAW BATASL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:0O, ll:0O a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trlu
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAS SAPAEL TO SAN I*RAXTCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:C5. 7:35. T:3O, »:2O. 11:13
a. m-: 12:5O. 3:40, 3:0O. 3:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9A0. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40,
4:05, 5:05. 6:25/p. rn.
Leave * I In Effect I Arrtv*
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. f San rran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I We*te~
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Dnym.
7:30 a 8:0Oa 9:10 a 8:40 a>
9:30 a Ignacto. 10:40 a 10:20 a,
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 »
5:10 p 5:00 p 7 :35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a>
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a,
3:S0p 9:30 a Fetaluma 0:03 p 8:20 nt
B:1O p 3:3Op . and 7:35 p
6:00 p| Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a!lO:20»
8:00a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 9
8:30 p 3:30 p ¦> |
"Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburj. 10:40 a 10:20 •
Lytton,
8:30p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
CJoverdaJe.
7:30 a! 8:0Oa| Hopland 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and • Uklah. |7:33p 8:20 p
j j Willlts and P 1
7:30 a) 8:00 a[ Sherwood. | 7:35 pf 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a(10:20)a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Cugrnevllle. | 7:35>p| 6:2Op
7:3rtaj 8:0O al Sonoma. J 9:10 a l 9-40 a
8:10 p| 5:0O p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p( 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:C0aj 110:40 a[1020 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Eebastopcl. | 7:35 p{ 8:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for 9aa
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs*: at Lyttnn for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaus
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, n.xme-
vtlle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Spring*. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllie CarU-
bad Springs* Soda Bay, Lakeport. Bartlett
Spring* and Lake County Hot Sprinzj- at
Uklah for Vichy Sprlngra. Saratoga Springs
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's'
Riverside. Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno City
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wlllits for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Canto. Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cummlngs
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland'
Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 8, Pepperwood Scotia
and E'-reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
bull'dln' 1 office. 650 Market street. CfcronlcU
JAS. L. FRAZIEn. R, X RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
_Mt. TamalpaisJ3au.way^
........... « : 25aK»^^^^ 1:^op «1O:5Oa
9:50a 9:50a «^^^ a:55p 3:53p
- 11:00a 4:«5p ....
1:45? l:45p 6:r>y; ? C:23p
bJartjyi 4:35? S&tsxdars 11: lip
» Vu Cfarity Car V Kt TsatlpaU to KiU Taflsy '
"««IL I e5 ° M AR*CKT St.,( North Shore Railroad)
BfflCB t and Saosauto Ferry . Foot Market St.
ilep CaE $1.00 wM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1904-Taxes-1904
Notice is hereby eiven that the taxes
on all personal ' property secured by real
property and one-half of the taxes on
real property will be due and 'payable on
Monday, October 10. 1904. and will be
delinquent on Monday, November 23.
1904, at 6 o'clock p. in., and unless paid
prior thereto fifteen per cent will be
added to the amount thereof, and that If
said one-half be not paid before the last
Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m..
an additional five per cent will be added
thereto; that the remaining one-half of
the taxes on all real property will be
payable on and after the first Monday in
January next, and will be delinquent on
the last Monday in April next thereafter
at 6 o'clock p. m., and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the time
the first installment as herein provided
is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable at
the office of the Tax Collector, Xew City
Hall.
N. B. — For the convenience of taxpay-
ers unable to call during the day, this
office will be open continuously during
the month of November from 6:30 a. rn.
to 9 p. m.. commencing Monday. Novem-
ber 1, 1904.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County of
San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan Wrangel.
Juneau. Treadwells. Haines.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 j
a. m., Nov. 26, Dec. 1. I
Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
„ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. |
Anacortes, South Bellingham. Belllngham— 11
am., Nov. 26, Dec. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company s steamers for Alaska and G. N.
«y. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at !
\ancouver to C. P. Ry |
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona 1-30
No™'-7 ;O Dec 4 *3 30 ' * Corona - 1:30 «*¦ m -
t> F A° r J^ a A , ngele * (via Port Lo* Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. — i
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and' East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
T er f r -rSj n S ' me ? n - Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme
Bonita. 9 a. m., Nov. 23 De«- 1
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Nov. 27." Dec 5
- T^ 1 " E J lsena , da . Masdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz Santa Ro-
saUa. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo
For further Information obtain folder Rlrht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates
TICKET OPTICES— 4 New MontRon^
ery st. (Palace HoteD.lrt Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Trelarht Office 10 Market st.
P$SgS*& FrSco PaS3en^ A * 6nt -
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st. will
call for and check basrsaKft from hotels and
residences. Telephony Exchange 312.
AMERICAN Z.IITB.
Plymouth — Cherbours* — Soutnamnton
Philadelphia ..Dec. 3fNew York De?'l7
•Flnland.Dec.l0.10:30alSt- Paul .. "Dec 24
•Calling at Dover for London and Paris *
ATLANTIC TEANSPOBT IiUTE
_; " N«w York — Xrfjndon Direct.
Mesaba. Dec. 3. 10 amlManltou. Dec.17 10 am
Minneha. Dec. 10. 8 amlMenorninee.Dec " <> 4 10 a
.- soMxznosr _j_rc_ ' '
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea pasnage
Canada .December 10
BED STAB I.INE.
New Tork — Antwerp — London— Paris
Calling at Dover for London and Paris
Finland Dec. lOlKroonland Dec.24
Zeeland ...Dec. 171 Vaderland Dec 31
WHITE STAS T.TT-— .
H«w York — Oneenatown — Iiiveroool.
CedrlcDec. 7, 5:30 ami Majestic. Dec 21 10 am
Oceanic. Dec.14,10 am! Baltic, Dec. 28. 10 am
t Boston — Qtieenstown — Iilvenool.
Cymric Dec. 21. Jan. 25
SEW YORK AND BOSTOZT DZBECT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK-
REPUBLIC Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 25
CRETIC Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March -18
FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC Dec. 10. Jan. 2S. March 11
CANOPIC Jan. 7. Peb IS
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St., San Francisco.
oceanic$.s.co.E«°:s!
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, Dec. 1. 2 r> m
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.10 11 a.m"
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Dec 31. IX a.n_
J.P.S?iECXILS_ BKOI COl, AztL.Tittet 0_C86U i\L-
fet fnlflt- Office 327 Mafta St., Pig 7, Pastl; it.
COKFAONIE G-KERA.S T_A!T34T_-3ri33_
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ___»_
Sailing every Thursday instead of «^JS*5j
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier ».-___£!*
42. North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldln?).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For TJ. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo. i
Strs. General Frisble. Monticello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 p.
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays $>:45 a.m..
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo, 7
a.m.. 0 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m. Sun.
days 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission st. : phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS.
' RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
\\ M« 7/
%V BK&9 JJf
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSi
PS LEAVES DAILY AT93O A.M.H
IB with oiNERS^NoeLCEPtRsffi
Other Santa X*e Trains *
7:30 a. m.l For stoc kton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m!j Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal. ; also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
¦ ToSAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY/
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Saasalito Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Deuart from San Francisco, daily, at t7'05
7-45 8:25. 0:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.: 1:45. 3:15*
4^35.' 5:l5\ 5:50. 6:30. 7:15, 8:0O and. U -33
Arrive at San Francl«co, dally, at tfi-40
7-35 S:15. 8:50. 9:33. 10:50 a. m. : 1:30. 2-55
4:25. 5:05, 5:42, 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and U:u£
D '+Dally except Sunday. I
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:15 a. m. daily— Caxadero and way station*
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazadero'
etc. ' *^sfhBiPi|MMaB_WMwa_npMri
5:15 p. m.. dally, except ¦ Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales, . etc. 1
TICKET , OFFICE— 650 Market st. !
; FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market it.
lor 'No. 214. N. S. G. W., are requested to
assemble at 9._ Shotwell' street. Saturday
morning, at S o'clock, to attend the funeral
of Brother Joseph I. Byrne. ¦•¦:¦;
E. NOLAN. President.
T. J. PRENDERGAST. Secretary.
DILLON— Near Halfmoon Day, November 23,
1!K>4, Edward Dillon, formerly of San Fran-
cisco, a native of Waterford, Ireland, aged
84 years.
FOX— In this city. November 25. 1904, Camille
G. Fox. beloved wife of Thomas Hall Fox,
and daughter of Mrs. K. L. Byrne, and sister
of Ethel, Thomas and Leslie Byrne, a native
of Ean Francisco.'
FRAZIER— In this city, November 25. 1904,
Mary, beloved daughter of Patrick B. and
Mary Frazier. a native of San Francisco
aged 2 months.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p.m.. from the residence of
parents, 1403 Dcvisadero street, between
C'Farwll and Geary. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GILLISPIE— In this city. November 25. 1904,
at her late residence. 1269 Tenth avenue
(Sunset), Mary J., beloved wife of Thomas
GIKisple. and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Albert Tlssot and T. J. Gillespie. aged 61
years.
O-yNotice of funeral hereafter.
HALL— In this city. November 23. 1904, Edna
Hall, dearly beloved wife of George G.
Greenwood, and beloved daughter of Mar-
garet and the late Edmund Hall, and sister
of G. W., Annie, Edith and Genevieve Hall,
Mrs. -^A. Carroll, Mis. G. L. Warner. Mrs.
A. B. Lewis and Mrs. R. E. Kerrlson, a na-
tive of Martinez, Cal., aged 22 years 4
months and 14 days. Chief companion of
li.jr.iia Circle No. 104, Companions of F.
Of A.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 27, at 8:30 a. m., from the resi-
dence of her mother, 643 Foleom street,
thence by 9:30 a. m. train to Martinez. In-
terment Martinez Cemetery.
To the officers and members of Bonlta
Circle No. 104. Comaanionu of F. of A. —
You are hereby requested to attend the
funeral of our late chief companion, Mrs.
Edna Hall Greenwood, which will be held
Sunday. November 27, at S:30 a. m., from
the residence of her mother. 643 Folsom
street. By order of
MAG BAILEY, Chief Companion pro tern.
E. H. CAMBERLAIN, Fin. Sec.
HANSBROW — In Alimeda, November 24, 1904,
Etta Leavitt. beloved wife of George R-
Hansbrow, and mother of Howard M. and
Alice L. Hansbrow, and daughter of S. B.
Leavitt. and sister of George M. Leavitt, a
native of California, aged 45 years.
CTFrle-nds nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. November 27. at 2 p. m.. at her
late residence, 1533 Verdi street. Cremation
private. \
HOEPER— In this city, November 24, 1904.
John Frederick Hoeper, beloved son of
George W. and Mary Hoeper, and brother
of Max. Betty, George, Marie and Bertha
Hoeper. a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years and 14 days. A member of Painters'
Union, Local No. 19.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 2(i. at 2 p. m.. from the parlors
of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HURLEY— In this city. November 23, 1904,
Alexander, dearly beloved son of Alexander
and Mamie Hurley, and brother of Ellenor
Hurley, a native of San Francisco, acred S
months and 19 days.
C?"The funeral will take plau« to-day
(Saturday), at 10 a. m., from the residence
of the parents, 30% Freelon street, thence to
St. Rc«e's Church for services at 10:30 a. m.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
ISNARD— In this city, November 25, 1904.
Theophlle. beloved husband of Mrs. Lea
Isnard, a native of France, aged 30 years 3
months and 5 days. (Bakersfleld papers
please copy.)
CC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 27, at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
Iaccherl, Duclos & Co., 629 Broadway, be-
tween Dupont and Stockton, thence to Notre
Dam* u>s Vlctolres French Church, Bush
street, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
JENKINS— In this city, November 24, 1904,
Benjamin P.. husband of Ellen F. Jenkins,
and father of Clare E.. Lillian E. and Ade-
laide G. Jenkins, a native of Vermont.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. "410 Greenwich street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
11:15 a. tn.
K1LDUFF— In this city. November 21, 1904,
Robert P., dearly beloved son of Patrick and
Maria Kllduff, a native of San Francisco.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
November 28. at 9 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1126A Broadway, thence to St.
. Brigid's Church, where a requiem, high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
LUCO— In this city, November 24, 1904, Tersea
Robles Luco, ' beloved wife of Juan M. Luco,
a native of Chile.
[CTFuneral from the parlors of H. F.
Suhr'& Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth, at 10 a. m., Saturday,
November 26. Interment private. Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
MATSON— In Blsbee. Ariz., November 20, 1904,-
John Matson. A member Of Fidelity Lodge
No. 222. I. O. O. F.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 27, at 2 p. m., from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the ausDlces of Fidelity Lodge No. 222,
I. O. O. F. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
McAULIFFE— In this city, November 24. 1904,
John J. McAuliffe, beloved brother of Mrs.
J. Collopy. Mrs. A. Stolper, Mrs. E. Franklin
and Annie. Daniel and Joseph McAuliffe and
the late Florence P. McAuliffe, a native of
Virginia City, Nev. A member of the Inter-
national Union of Steam Engineers; R. and
S Union Association and Golden Gate Coun-
cil No. 34, Y. M. I.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral" to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
' of his brother. Daniel McAuliffe, 152 Perry
etreet. thence to St. Rose's Church for
rervices at 12:30 D. m. Interment Holy
CroFP Cemetery. A requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul
Monday. November 28, at 9 a. m., at St.
Rose's Church. Friends are Invited to attend.
To the officers and members of Golden
Gate Council No. 34, Y. M. I. — You are here-
by notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother, J. J. McAuliffe, from his late resi-
dence. 152 Perry street. Sunday, November
27, at 12 m. Fines for non-attendance will
be strictly enforced.
W. J. RILEY, President..
E. J. HARRINGTON, Cor. Secretary-
The officers and members of H. - and P.
Engineers, Local No. 59, are requested to
attend the funeral of our late brother, J. J.
' McAuliffe. By order
P. D. HARTHORNE. Pres.
J. J. KINGSTON, Sec
MOFFITT— In Oakland. November 24. 1904,
Frank J., beloved husband of Augusta L.
Moffltt. and father of Jefferson G. Moffltt,
I and brother of Mary. Margaret, Emma J.,
Nellie W;, Joseph D., George W. and Harry
M. Moffltt. a native of Oakland, Cal., aged
45 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 26, at 9:30 a. m., from his late
residence. 1337 Filbert street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
MORGAN— In this city. November 25, 1004,
Edward J.. dearly beloved son of Kdward
and Nellie Morran. and loving brother of
Eugene, A_ua and Mary Morgan, a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years 6 months and
25 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m., from the resi-
dence of his parent*. 650 Hayes street, thence
to Kacred Heart Church for services, com->
mencing at 1 p. - m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ' '
O'BRIEN— In this city, November 24, 1904,
Danlf.l, beloved hufband of Annie O'Brien,
and father of Margaret, William, Henry and
Daniel O'Brien, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, as Ml 73 years.
IE7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30' a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 349 Church street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a • solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m. ' Inter-
ment Hcly Crofsj Cemetery.
PEISER— In Oakland, November 23, 1904, Mrs.
Paultne Peiser. beloved mother of Mrs. I. 1
E. Solomon and Morris, Samuel and T. O.
Peiser, and slater of George and Jacob
Newman and Mrs. Caroline Kaphan, a native
of Mlloslaw. Prussia, aged 60 years 6 months
and 16 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 27, at 10 a. m., at the
family residence, 628 Sixteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
PEPPER — In this city, November - 23, 1904,
Herman Swartsfager Pepper, beloved hus-
band of Lena Pepper, a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 63 years and 8 months. ¦ A
member of T-omaa Post No. -240, G. A. R.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m., from his late resl-
dence, 147 Tehama street, near Third,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment, Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
PFEFFER — In this city. November , 1904.
Daniel., dearly beloved husband of Agnes
Pfeffer, and loving father of Amanda, Anna,
'Helena, Loulea and Margaret Pfeffer, a na-
tive • of Bavaria, Germany, aged 45 years , 5
months snd 29 days. A~ member of San
Francisco . Baecker Verein and Bakery and
Confectionery Workers' I. U. of A, Local
No. 24. - •
, icyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funeral , to-day
: ¦'¦ James McGinn. . • Henry • Hansen. ¦
-JAMES McGINN & CO.'.
Formerly -.With . McGinn^ Bros. . ;.';¦ :
• — — Funeral ¦ Directors : and y Embalmer«-— — "
1 214 - Eddy ' nt.- Tel . East > 88. '¦
(Saturday), at S a. m , from the parlors
oC Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eishth and Ninth, thence to St. An-
thony's Church. Army street, near Folsom.
where a requlam hirh mass will be cele-
brated for.tbe repo.se of his soul, commenc-
ing nt 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
REGAN— In this city, November 25, 1004.
Thomas Reran, beloved husband cf the late
Margaret Itejan and beloved father of
Thomas Jr.. Frank and Charles J. Regan
ai:d Mrs. M. Gillicuddy of Fernando, Cal.,
¦ a native of Ireland, aged 79 years 11 months
and 1 day.
RIGA— In this city. November 25, 1004,
Reuben, dearly beloved son of Jacob and
Pauline Riga, and loving brother of Samuel.
Celia. Willie, Nettle and Isador Riga, a na-
tive of New York, ased 22 years 2 months
and 23 days.
RODRIGUEZ — In this- city, November 24, 1004,
Irene, dearly beloved daughter of Fernando
and Guadelupe Rodriguez, and sister of
Juanlta and Robert Rodriguez, and beloved
niece of Mrs. A. Mondragon, Mrs. A. Suares-.
Mrs. R. Garcia, Mrs. M. Robles and
C. Gonzalez, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 7 months.
E7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). November 2C. at 12:30 p. "».,
Trom her late residence. 42 Scott dace, be-
tween Broadway and Pacific, Powell and
Mason streets.
SILVA— In this city. November 24, 1904,
Louisa Sllva, beloved wife of Joseph Silva,
and daughter of Frank and Mary Sllva, and
sister of Manuel, Joseph, John, Andrew.
William, Lena, Charles and Rosa Sllva. and
grandchild of Joseph Smith, a native of
California, aged 24 years.
KTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, November 26, at 11 a. m., at
All Saints' Church, Haywards, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul. Remains at the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau, S10 Van Ness avenue.
Interment at Haywards.
STEVENS — In this city. November 24, 1904,
Grace, beloved wife of J. B. Stevens, a na-
tive of Indiana, aged 26 years 2 months and
14 dars.
ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 27, at 1:30 p. m., at the
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co., 1624 Stock-
ton Ftreet. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery.
' SUMMERVILL — In this city, November 23,
1904, Thomas, beloved husband of Mary
Summervill, and loving father of John, May,
Joseph, Katie. Thomas. William, Agnes and
Robert Summervill, a native of County
Galway. Ireland.
_7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1902 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Brlgld's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
TAUSSIG— November 23. 1904, Emma M., be-
loved wife of Rudolph J. TausslK, and
mother of Laurence and Brio Tausslg, and
daughter of Mrs. Sophie Henicke, and sister
of Mrs. Huro A. Tausslg.
ULIN— In this city. November 23, 1904, Lars
M. Ulln, a native of Sweden, aged 41 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), November 26, at 10 a. m..
at the parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co., 429
Golden Gate avenue, between Larkln and
Polk streets, under the auspices of the Amer-
can Association of Licensed Officers on Sail
Vessels, Alexander Bergman captain. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
VORRATH— In this city. November 25, 1904,
Andres Henry Vorrath beloved brother of
Diedrich and Thomas vorrath, a native of
Helde, Holstein. Germany, aged 77 years 1
month -and 19 days. A member of Concordia
Lodge No. 122. I. O. O. F.; Wildey Encamp-
ment No. 23, I. O. O. F.. and Hermann
Lodge No. 127. F. and A. M. .
B-^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 d. m., from Odd Fellows'
Hall, .corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Concordia Lodge No. 122. I. O. O. F.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Maaas Com-
pany. 917 Mission street.
WESSDNBERG— In this city. November 24,
1904, Clara May. beloved wife of D. W. Wes-
senberg. and mother of Mervyn Wessenbete,
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Parr,
and sister of John E. Parr, a native of
North Bloomfleld, Cal. (Grass Valley papers
please copy.
lE7"Friends ar* respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Saturday).
November 26, at 10:30 a. m.. at her late res-
idence, 1681 Bush street. Interment private.
WILSON— In this city, November 23, 1904,
John H., beloved husband of Harriet Wll-
— :un. and father of Mrs. Emma E. Tubbs and
Ida H. Wilson.; and brother of James A.
Wilson, aged 59, years 6 months and 4 days.
[_~Fric.nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 27, at 2 p. m., from the Masanlc
Tempi p, corner of ¦ Post and Montgomery
streets,'; under the auspices of Mission Lodge
No. 169. F. and A. M. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.Meat Market.
Exclmnce and Iiiilllmi.
The market for Beans yesterday showed no
change whatever. Kecelpts were 9072 sacks,
making ¦ 3S.309 thus far this week.
•¦-Brown Mustard • Seed has, a »wider range,
according- to, quality. ..There Is some poor
?stock offering, but Is receiving 1 bids much be
low the lowest . quotation.
¦•.- IM.' -L '-Wolff In ; the Hueneme- Herald says:
"The shipments of Lima Beans ' during ; Sep
tember : and October. 1903." from Ventura and
Santa Barbara counties amounted' to 2C0.000
sacks ; this year during ' the : same . period the
shipments reached only 80,000 sacks."
¦ BEANS— Bayos, $2 75©3; Pea,- nominal;
Butter $3@3 25; small White,. $3 15f?3 30;
large White,- $2 40#2 65; Pink. $2 75@3 15;
Red $4 25®1 50; Uma. $4 15#4 25; Red -Kid
neys $4 50; Blackeyes. $2 60@2 75 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 85Q2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 60@4.75; Yellow
Mustard nominal — none • offering; Flax.' $2®
2 75: Canary . 6»4@7c: Alfalfa,. 15VJ@1(}V3C:
Rape, 1 1 V,&'2\sc: Timothy. 5-"54c; Hemp, 1 3^©
3%c per" lb; Millet, 2^@3^c; Broom Corn
Seed. • $20©21 . per ton.
- DKIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2 B0; Green
Peas. $1 75®2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
LOCALi MARKET.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and .brands sell
about H@lc under quotations. . Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. O^jc; Cow
Hides, $>VjC for heavy and OVic for llsrht;
Stags 7c; Salted Kip. 10 Vic: Salted Veal,
lie; Salted Calf, llVic; dry Hides. 17V»c: dry
Kip, 15c: dry Calf. 2Oc; Sheepskins, shearlings.
L'SOlOc each; short Wool, 401S65c each; me
dium. 7&@00c; Ion? Wool. $181 50; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 00 for
medium. $1 60(32 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 25©
1 50 for medium. $1 for small, 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; do" Central American. 30c: Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: extra large- do.
$1 25; large 50c; medium, 33c; small 2Oe.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4(M%c-pe,r lb:
No. 2. 3tjc; Grease.- 2%©3c. . ....
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln and South
ern Ogllc; Southern, 8®t>c; Southern Moun
tain. 9©llc;" Middle Counties, free. 12®14c;
do defective. 10®12c; Northern free. 12®l4c;
do. defective. 10® 12c; Humboldt and Mend 3
cino. 16@18c per lb.
- HOPS — 1904 crop. 29©32c per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— Cloie: Mon^y on
call, •trong at 8*?4 per cer.t; clceinr bid and
««k*4. SM per cent. - . ,>.
Time loans, firm; sixty flays, 3% per cent;
r "'•. days, 4; Fix months, 4.
Prime mercaritlle paper. 4V4©4»; per cent.
FterliEg exrhanpe waa firm, with actual
bueinrss '.n bankers' bills at »4.8eR534.S69
for dexaafl aad tt $4.6405 and $4.S41 for sixty
day bills. ....
Posted mtrs, $4.S5 and S4.S7U34.SS.
Cotninorcixl tii!». $4.83^ and $(.83 T i.
Bar silver, r.h^c.
:¦¦'.• x. :.:. dollars, 47c
Gtncrnment bonds, steady; railroad bonds.
lrrCSUUr -
. T^ Xew Vork ««*»ck Market.
.vi t TORK « Xov - 25.— The maintenance of
the nteJanaa discount rate of the Bank of
i-r^and. the lack of apprehenalon as to the
<Jerr.ar.dtnon.-y market here and evidence of
r.?nay bnpraveaoent In industrial circles were
emong th^; contributlnv factors In to-day's
•£2?t_£ iCt ' VS fK"* ms "*'et. I'nited States
mbk* _<_* U-l^ved to hmsk all records -for a
daj'S 1 ' 1^ 1 •¦ any Individual bond on the
Stock Exchani- BJ ,d wa f aesunu-d to be for
Investment account. a* pro&r or the betted
stA t* of the et*el and iron trade It |« on'y
reoestary to cite to-day s advanV of *" a
ton in bar iron by cne of .he Independent
<-cmi*n>s. That th!s ad vance hab »^n o i
was followed by l;indrcd comr.anie* adr^itV n'
little «oubt. Out of town ffi and oth^
ttnanelal Jnrtitutlcns wtr»- leader. 7," J;
cncal! lu th!>. rr.ark't tr.-day lC7 T^L™ one3r
«-ount uomr BQ.O00 tharw of AocT, \^ C '
fx^ht. That a tare, part of l2ndc^- e p ur ?
rhtLtes wer* roa!ly for New York account in
eluding the ehort Interest In Uw «S "tocki"
v.* s rencraJly believed. After an IrrcruSr
cptninr. prlf-ef In a r.umlier of active isVue"
rhlefly Amalsamaled Copper. E UK ar p.
c-.flr Mali, took a decided drop. th. rTiult ~t
seemxm, of market manlpulaticn. Kajiroa.1»
were cenf rally /julet. a rumber of Epeo )a ..j^
pamcip«t!r.<: Jn the Improvement. Rave for
same, moments of hesitation, the market heiA
strong thr&urrhout the a/tprnoon. Little Jn
er»«r.. of hu'rtne^ was 'reported until the flnxl
hour, v;-h<-r. We'iprn hcu«Hi care-* In end bourlit
Ike penrra! n«tj The.Stcrl j.^ ue! . 8n(]
in Klniilar Indpr^ndent comiianlr-s re?lstcr<vl
fcrtlier trains and ciofing pr)«v^ ! n thin jrouit
<r«i; !n niiinv |n«;tnr»» the best of the day
TIjc- jr.o^t marktd rxcfptlon to the. eeneral ri*/»
war I'r.lon Pecific, whlrh '. was under pressure
mV Osv a^d made a net fractional gain. Tran
ractlons in -<b# R«eH nhare«, which made net
sains cf 1% and 4',i points for the common
Hay was quiet and steady yesterday. Most
of the receipts are now of good quality. Bran
continues firm and unchanged. . •
BHAN— $10020 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 5C®2S per ton/
SHORTS— $19(£f20 per ton.
FEEDSTWFS— Rolled Barley, $2i@24 50 per
ton- Oilcake 'Meal at the mill, $31 50@3'-' 50;
Jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake. |23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal ?21@25; Corn- .Meal, $31.50@32:
Cracked. Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed Feed. $22©
23; Horse Beans, $.;0SJO per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $10©15; Wheat and Oat. $10®
14- Oat, $0@12; Barley and Oat. $8®11; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable, S9@10; stock.
$5 50S7; Clover. $7010; Alfalfa. $9fl2 peS
ton. .
STP.AW— 35@C0c pe r bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
N'en- York Money Market.
EASTEKX MAKIvETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Steady. Common
3-${©4'.ic: prime, 4>-4@'l?ic; choice, T>no<Ac
fancy. C6(J%c. " '
PRUNES— Steady, with California grades
ranging f rom ¦ 2c to Oc. according to grade.
Or«»gt n varieties are In light supply at from
S&Cic. -
APRICOTS— Receiving little, attention, but
are not offered freely,, so that prices remain
steady. Choice. . extra/ choice, 10\i®
10%c: fancy, ll@lfie.
PEACHES— Steady. Choice, 9@9V4c; extra
choice, ft'/j@10c; fancy, ¦ 10%e>llc. *
DRIED FRUITS,
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— FLQUR— Rocelpts
20.000 barrels; exports, R00 barrels. Market
quiet and nominally higher.
1 WHEAT— Receipts. 108.500 bush*ls. Spot
firm; No. 2 rad. $1 20% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth, $1 22% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. afloat. There
was a strong advance in wheat to-day on
further reports of wet weather in Argentina
and of drought In our own country. Higher
cables also had an Influence and th* market
ruled firm all day. closing %@l%c net higher.
May closed $1 12%. July.closed $1 03%, De
cember closed $1 11 lb.
HOPS — Quiet.
WOOL— Firm.
HIDES — Steady. ' :¦•¦.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 4%c;-cen
trifugal, 90 test. 4% c. Molasses sugar. 4c; re
fined, nominal; crushed, (J.15c: powdered, 5.55c;
granulated.* f>.45c.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed active, unchanged, to 5 points lower.
Sales, 147, f00 bags. December, O.«5jJ«.7Cc;
January, C.80c: March. 7.00Q>7.00o; May, 7.15{$>
7.20c; July.~7.35fr7.40c; September; 7. 5B@7.00c
Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice, 8% c; mild,
steady. .
BUTTER — Strong. ' Renovated, common to
extra, 15©10%e.
CHEESE— Firm; State full. creameries
small, September colored and white fancy/
ll«Jc. .
EGGS— rUnchanged.
NEW YORK, Nov. -25.— Cotton futures
opened weak. December, 9.18c; February
9.34c; March, 9.42c; May, O.Cttc; June, 9 6.">c*
July, 9.67c. ,. '
Futures closed steady.' November, 9 15c;
December 9.10c; January, 9.30c- February
0.35c; March. 9.43c; April, 9.49c; May. 9.54c.
Spot quiet, 10 points decline. Middling
».70c; Middling Gulf, 9.06c; sales, 172 bales.
Now York Cotton Market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%o per lb for
heavy, 10%c for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured:
dry Salt Sides 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. ' 12%@12*ic: California Hams.
12@12Uc; Mess Beef $10@10 50 per bbl; extra
Mess $10 50®ll; Family. $12^12 50; prime
Mess Pork $14 SO; extra clear. $22; Mess.
$16 00; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs* Feet. $3; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and OSflHc for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9%O
8%c; 10-lb tins. 1014c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-Ib
tins 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. S%c; one tierce. 8?»c; two tierces,
8V4c; five tierces. 8V»e per lb.-
The market continued quiet at previous quo
tations.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80^
5 10, usual terms; Bakers" Extras. $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4jfl CO
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 BO; extra cream do, .$3 CO;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat Groats, .$4 25: Hominy.
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4 23; Cracked
Wheat $3 75: Farina, $1; Whole ¦ Wheat
Flour $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls. $0 75@7 SO; in
sacks." $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Foreijm Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat-— Dec. March. . May.
Opening 7 l?i 7 3% 7 3U
Clofinff 7 2U 7 3% 7 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar.June.
Op=-ning 23 SO 25 20
Closing: .*. 23 85 25 30
Flour —
Opening 3155 32 80
Closing 81 75 33 10
Tjondon Wool Snlcs;
LONDON, Nov. 25. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to 15,074
bales. Merinos were firm. Americans buying
several lots. New South Wales srreasy cloth
ing crossbreds were In active demand, coarse
realizing more than since 18S0. This advance
wa« duo to the placing of large orders for army
clothing by the Japanese.
Medium grades are unchanged, but inferiors
1 fell 714 per cent below September prices. Cape
of Good Hopo and^Natnl was In demand and
Bold, quickly to the Continent. Qreasles ad
vanced 5 per cent on eome ?ales.
St. L/onis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 25.— Wool, nominal. Light
fine, lSQ22V4c; heavy fine, l."5@18c; tub washed,
2C@. n .9c. ________
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 25. — Wheat — Walla Walla."
export basis. 8Cc; milling. 83c. Eastern market
basl?, We; blueatem, 3@5c basis. Valley, 87V-C
'WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 25.— Wheat. unchanged.
Bluestem. SSc; club, .65c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Nov. 25. — Clearings. $1,000,877:
balances. ?20i.SC0.
TACOMA. Nov. 25. — Clearings, S609.S30;
balances. $lC.\7S. r .. . •
PORTLAND, Nov. 25.— Clearings, S768.P13;
balance?, $^50,131,
SPOKANE. Nov. 25.— Clearings, $621,817;'
balancec, $70,054.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury shows: Available cash
balances, $144,069,232: sold, $82,701,681.
Condition of the Treasury.
misceljjAx: :ous markets.
Giant 61H — iVlsortt — 4%
SUGAR,
Hawaiian C. 73% 74%|Makawell C.. 32% —
Honokaa 9 C 18 lS^IOnomea 8 C. 34 -- S3* .
Hutch SPC IS?* — IPaauhau S C. 20 .j20»
Kllauea S C. — Tfil
' illSCELLANEOUS.
\laska PA. — 9« 1 j!Oceanlc S Cm 3% —
Cal F C A. 00 ICO IPac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. — "THilPac C Bonr.lM 157%
MV& MtTtn.-05 1C2 iPac S Tel Co.105 — -
, *' ¦ SALES.
Morning Session.
Board—
. 20 California Wine Association... »7 00
955 HutchinsonS P Co: : 13 12%
450. Honokaa S Co IHO»
, 60 Makawel! - Xi 25 t
50 Onomea Sugar Co :-1 .10
5S5 Paauhau S V Co ......; 20 0O
$5,0Cl» Hawaiian ComI & Sugai» 5s 10O 25
$2,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent. 110- 25 "
$5,000 Oceanic S S Co 5 per cent:... CO CO "
$4 00»» Spring . Valley . 8 per cent.-.. ..IM 62%
$••000 Spring Valley 4s Cd mtge) 90 75
$10.'00O S P of Arizona tlDOO) ...109 00
Street—
100 Paauhau S P Co ...:... 28- 00
$1,000 S P of C 6» (1905. Series A>..10t 0O
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per. cent. .104 T8
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. '3*i 3%!S F O A E. 56% —
Mutual E L. 10S 11% I Stkn Q & E. — 3H
Pac L Co... — 61 !U O & B Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 32R I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.130 — |L P ft A. ...150 —
Anpto-Cal .. S7^j — IMer Trust.... — 230
Bank of. Cal. 422 425 l»erch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 151 — !S F National — — .
First Nationl — 370 I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — ISav & L So.. — " 100 '
Hum S * L. — — ISec Sav Bis.. — 421
Mutual Sav. — 10O 1 Union T Co. . — —
S F Sav U.610 675 >
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 130 (Presidio 39*i 42-
Geary — 40, |
POWDER.
UNITED STATES BONDS. -
Bid. Ask. I Bid. AaJt.
4s qr coup. .106'410«»i|4s qr ep new.l30U131
4s qr reg-..10tJU106?«|3s qr coup... 104% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — lOak T Co 6a.l2O% —
Asso Oil Ss. 83^ — I Do 5s -113 l tll3«
Bay CPC 5s.l01>*102H Do con 9s. 10.1% — T
Cal C O 63.102%103 Oceanic 3 3s. 65 —
Cal O & B k Otn Cable. 6s.l2O£ —
m & ct Bs. 84% 85% Pac G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-st C 5s. 114 — P B Ry 6e.. 104^105
C C Wat Bs. 9tt — P & C H 69.104 —
EdL &P 6s. — 128 P & O R 6*. — —
F & C H 6s. — — Powell-st 6a. — _-»
Geary-st Gs-. B*> — Sa « EGARSb.IOO -—
H C&S 6%s.lO5 — SF & BJV5».US?4 —
Do 5s v ...10Ott — Sierra R 6s. — —
Hon R T 6S.104H — S P of A 9s
L A Elec 33.103 — (1900) 109 _.
L A Ry 8s.. 118*4 — O910) HO Jt
LALCo6»— — 3PofC6«
Do Std 6s. — — (1906)Sr A. — — ' * -
Do Std 5ii.lO2% — (1906) Sr B. — 108tC
LAP lcm Ba.101 — <1906) X04ft _^"
Mkt-st C ««.11« — (1912) lUVi —
Do lcm Ss.116% — SPC 1 c« 5s. — —
MVft MtTof.105 110 Do starapd.108 lOStt
NRR of CCli.lMM. — 8 P B R to.lUK —
Do 6s ....lW-i —IS V Wat 6s.lO4^104t5;
X P C R 3s.lO5}i — • Do 4s 2dm.l00 —
JT C Ry 5».. — 112 Do -4s 3dm. 99% —
N C P C 5s. 09 — TH> g mtff4s 99H —
X S R R 6s. — — Stkn GAESs. 93 —
OO LAH 5s. — 110 U Q ft E 58.102U —
O W Ktd 5s. — 100 JUR of 8F 4s. 86% 86^
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa— 35 (Port Costa... — —
Marfn Co.... — 59%!S V Wat Co. S3»i 40
FRIDAY. Nov. 25 — 2 p. m.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
The condition of the New Tork markets ap
pears In the first column. There la nothing
new locally.
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 7$t©10o for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
6H®7%o for White and 6%©7c for Red;
Peaches. 7%«8%c per lb; Pears. 7®l2c:
Plums pitted. e@6%c for black. 7%<39V 4 c
for red and 768Vic for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
bricks 60c; 3-crown 55c; 4-crown, 60c; «
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2%C3c: black, 2>4t>
5%c; Evaporated Apples. 4V£@6%c per lb.
PRUNES— l?»@l%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2>ic basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1004 crop f. o. b. Fresmj — Im
perial clusters. $2 25@2 50; Debesa. $1 3(HjH 33;
London Layers $1©1 10; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown. 4V4c; 3-crown. 3%c; 2-crown. 3%o;
Seeded,^ 4@5<4c; Thompson's Seedless. 4S4»ic;
Seedless Sultanas. 3%c per lb.
NUTS— New "Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12©
13o; No. 2, 10@llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c;
No. 2 10c : Almonds. 16© 17c for Nonpariels.
14©14Vic for I X L. 13%@14%c for.Ne Plus
Ultra and lie for Languedoc: Peanuts, 0@7c for
Kastern; Pecans ll®13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5:
Chestnuts. 7@9c per lb for California and 119
12M.C for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. HH@13c for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. 6%@
6c; light amber extracted. 5® 5 He: dark, 39
4%c. •' ..-,.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
f Condition of Trade.
Th« New York circular cf Henry Clews says:
"Our f >rei6ii trade returns for October were j
b^tier than expected. The check to grain ex
ports ircposcd by h!ph prices rendered a falling ]
off in our export trade extremely probable. 1
L&rge sh:j .mem? of cotton and copper, how- |
•vcr. ' ruort- than counterbalanced this losr. and j
©<sr total *Vtr.b*r exports reached $160,500,000,
or $2,000,000 in excess of last year and jilt.- J
<»'.<*"¦> In 1302. Meanwhile, our imports in- j
crets^-ii largely, industrial I ecu* el jr stimulating ;
Iour pu-~cha.pe* of raw material, so that the to- |
tal arrival* in October were valued at $'J2.-
COO.OuJ. an :nriTa«'' cf flO.OOO.Ow over last
year. In 5{ it*- of these large imports the ex- I
cet* of exports reached $7y,W)0.000, compared
with $7*.' <«U' | .' rt laFt >ear. As for the gold
mov« runt, the n*t exports were only $l.tt23.O00.
Since November 1 ab<»ul $lf'.<KX).«>00 has been
engaged fur export; l-ut although the movo
meni »s um:sa! at this season, it is of little
coii^equrnr*- in view o! our large present hold
lr.es. <rjr increasing production and arrivals at
tho PmdSc roast. These shipments are, in
reality lK-n«-flrial. reducing monetary redund- 1
• nt y h<--r«- and affording strength where It Is
at « needed.
•Jlifi'T rates twin lively for money. Bank !
¦nicilfes have bo«i much reduced. Treasury de- |
jv>*it* may be celled after January 1 and j
legitimate business demands which come before !
*l*>cu:am« accommodation are Incrfasing. On
the other hand, crop funds are returning from
th<» South and West and money If plentiful t»
(ood borroneis. No stringency is probable:
bu* ih<* extreme lew r.-.t^s which prevailed
tfurSr^r the last few n?onths are fortunately past.
They did no goo-i. and pnly fostered unhealthy
cpecolatlon.
IRON. STEEL AND RAILROADS.
•'T: e railrofuJ situation is eminently satis
factory, a lar*.* traffic bring In sight and tht
mJrotiif already finding th»ir traffic equlp^
moil insufficient. In consequence, the rail
rr-aiif- »ill onc-e more be important factors In
ihe'lrorl trade; new rails, more rolling stock.
•>tr.. n-Ill b»- required, all of which means
Jresh activity in the iron trade. There is also
& rr.ahf of heavy constructive work projected.
:f\m>t already under way. Involving a heavy
consumption of Iron. Much of the present
ft-vc-rUhn*?* of tn« iron tr^de is due to a panic
tmcnt buyers to place orders before an ad
vance: but these violent movements in the iron
trside ure a familiar occurrence and should be
watcb«-<l with raution. General trade shows an
tendency. Values are gi-ucr&Hy tirga
t>vt the masses are well <nu>loyed. and con
surcytlin in consequence ket^iis pace with pro
duction, *ud In many caets the latter is be
hind.
•'While this situation continues no serious
revfrvi- 'an be exacted in the stock market.
mud it Is quite possible, if not probable, that
FP»ArulM.!ve forces thu» aroused and not yet
Kpent may carry pries still higher. Our ad
vice ;o customer* is to turn good profits into
cash and wait for oppcrtutiitles to buy on a
lower scale, which will no doubt be plentiful.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Late rntll advices from New Tork say:
¦Kr*e arrival* of the principal California pro
ducts are supplying most wants of current
consumption and there ie consequently no
preterit important demand for gpot goods. At
the same time then? Is no accumulation of
stock of any importance in sellers' hand*, and
consequently no pressure to sell Is being <x
erted. Prunes on the Fpot are receiving more
attention thsn other commodities, but the de
mand ik for email lots and for either the large
or the small «lze*. The epot stock of the lat
trr. that it. «O-»Os and »0-10<>ii. is practically
exhausted and the offerings of tfaeee sizes from
the coast are small, the supply there having
been closely absorbed by export demands, ac
cording to recent advices. So far as can be
leamrd. not much business has yet resulted
fiom the export inquiry for spot 40s and 50s.
In addition to the jobbing business on do
tTursrtie account some brokers report a good
d«-mand for carload" lots of the sizes most In
favor on a 2tr2',-£.e f. o. b. basils for 40s and
X l -tC I. o. b. for other sizes. Not much inter
est is manifested in er>ot se«ded Raisins at
present, as Jobbers are Wing supplied on con
tr&cu out of etock now arriving. Future re
«juirc:n*T.ts seem to be receiving no attention.
Arrivals cf London Layers, while not large,
appear to be sufficient to satisfy present
reeds, and we hear of little or no demand for
prompt or future delivery. Imported Malagas
mr* meeting with a poo-i demand at full prices.
Valencia Layers and Imported Sultanas are
dull. Currants are firm and contlnnue to meet
*-lth »n active demand, which sellers find it
difficult to meet promptly owing to the stock
*!tu*tion. Dateg are firm, with spot stocks in
Cm haMs Ufht. Figs are in rood Jobbing
demand and firm. Owing to Inferior quality
the o!r»xings at auction brought comparatively
low prices."
The Claremont Oil Company paid an extra
dividend of le per share, amounting to $4500.
on the Issued capital stork yesterday.
The London and San Francisco Bank. Lim
ited, has declared a regular semi-annual divi
dend at the rate of 6 per cent per annum for
the six months ended June 30, 1904.
The San Luis Orchard Company of Temple
ton. San Luis Oblspo County, has levied an
assessment of $1 per share, delinquent Decem
ber 26.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 35c Decemb<»r 5.
The Northern California Power Company
paid a regular ' monthly dividend of 5c yes
terday.
Oil stocks were dull. The mining stocks
were fairly dealt in at about previous prices.
Late assessments are: Nob Hill Water Com
pany. $2 10. delinquent December 2; Lindsay
Heights Water Company. $4 23, December 1?:
Last Chance Water Ditch Company. $50. De
cember 10: Wutchuma Water Company. $10,
December 10: American OH and Refinery'Com
pany. 5c, December 19.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota paid a regular monthly dividend of 23c
yesterday.
The sugars continued firm yesterday, with
several somewhat higher than on Wednesday,
with a good volume of business. The other
stocks were not materially changed. Thers
was a good demand for bonds.
Still Finn.
Trading Fair, With the Sugar Stocks
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts.
S000. Including 1500 Westerns; steady. Good
to prime eteers, $0.00®". 00; poor to medium,
$3.603r».80; stockers and feeders, ; $2.00^4.10;
cows. Sl.:;5tf4.20: heifers, $1.75@5.0O; canners.
$1,850.35; bulls, .$2.0O@4.20: calves, $3.00<9>
4.60; AVesterh steers, $3.5O@4.1O.
HOGS — Receipts, 35,000; j to-morrow. ,18.000;
.steady- to.. weak: inlx«U anJ butrh«r«, S4.f>T»ti>
4.75; good to choice heavy. $4.70#4.75; rough
h»avy, $4.4O@4.6O; light. ?4.50@4.65; bulk of
sales, S4.00S1.05.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000; sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4.3. r >@5.00;
fair to choice- mixed, $3.5O(g4.3O; Western
Fheep, $3.0O@3.0O; native lambs, $4.75@6.00;
Western lambs. $4.COig5.9O.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Neb., Nov." 25.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3500: active, steady to strong. Native
steers, f3.75igo.25; cows and heifers, $2.4OQ>
3.S0; range cows and heifers, $2.30^3.50;
canners, $1.5O<32.25; stockers and feeders,
$2.50!g3.90: calves, ?3.00@5."j0; bulls and
stags. ?2.00@3.85.
HOGS — Receipts. 11.000; shade lower.
Heavy. M.4B©4.65; mixed, $4. 45^4.50: light,
?4.45^4.5.-»; pigs, $1.00©4.40; bulk of sales.
?4.45®4.50.
SHEEP — Receipt!". 5000; steady. Western
yearlings. $4.2,5«?4.65; wethers, $4.0O@4.6O;
ewes. $3-853j4.r>0; common and stocktrs, (2.50
GM.25; lambs, ?5.00(g5.00.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 25.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 6000; steady. Native- steers, $3.50<S>
6.25; native cows and heifers, SI. 50^5.00:
stockers and feeder*. $2.5O'g4.1O; bulls, $1.75®
3>r«0; calves, $2.00igt>.0O; Western steers, $3.00@
4175; Western cows, $1.50>g3.6O.
IIOGS— Receipts, 11.000: steady to 5o low
er. Bulk of sales. ?4. 4004.70; heavy, ?4.65@
4.77%; packers, ?4.C5@4.7. r >; pigs. $3.75@4.6O.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000: steady. Muttons,
Mt.7SOS.75; lambs, ?5.40®6,0O; range wethers.
f4.00®4.75; ewes, $2.5004.25.
Chicago.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
that country Was quoted as saying: TVhile
the acreage Is large, the stand Is poor. Im- ,
mediate market will hinge on this factor,
namely, Argentine weather, continuation of
disturbing reports from that country will ex
cite Liverpool and be reflected in higher mar
kets In this country. This is the third day of
advancing market and the short interest has
been pretty well eliminated. We continue to
feel the statistical position In this country
must improve sharply, or we must have a
continuation of disturbing reports from Ar
gentine to maintain present prices. Lower
cables would take what little snap there Is
out of the market." ..
In this market there was very little change.
The cash grain was in slack demand, but there
was little offering. Futures did not respond
to the Chicago advance in the morning, but
Improved In the afternoon.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1450162%; California
White Australian, $160^102%; Northern
Club, $1 50@l 52%, with none offering; North,
ern Bluestcm. - $1 60@l 02%; Northern Red.
$1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
,'V : Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 43 $1 43 $1 42% $1 42%
May 144% 1 44TA 1 4i» 4 144%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low..-- Close.
December ...$1 42% $1 43% $1 42% $1 43
May 1 44% 1 45% 1 44% 1 45%.
B \RLEY — Cash Feed continued, firm and no
choice bright of full weight could be bought
under SI 13%. Offerings were still light. The
futures remained unchanged.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 10@l 13%: Brewing and Shipping,
$1 15© 1 17%; Chevalier. $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 11 $1 H $1 H $1 U
May 1 lOJi 1 10Vi 110 110
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 10% bid. $1 11 asked.
May— $1 09% bid. .
OATS — Previous quotations rule, with a quiet
and well-supplied market-.
White. $1 42%@1 57%: Surprise. $1 55«1 60:
Red for feed. $1 32%@1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22%@1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for eeed.
$1 12%<81 50; Black, $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 4S3T1 62% for seed.
CORN — The usual line of Western came In
yesterday. The market is steady and un
changed.
Western sacked. $1 45@1 50 for Yellow.
$1 45®1 60 for White and $1 45@1 50 for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 45@1 60;
small round do. $1 55@1 62%; White, nom
inal: Egyptian. $1 35® 1 40 for White and
$1 17%@1 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 40ffl 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
cental.
CHICAGO. Nov. 25. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the Butter market- was steady:
creameries. 10@24%c; dairies, 15@21c. Eggs,
stendy at mark, 18%fi22' / ic; firsts, 24c; prime
flrets, 20c; extras, . 28c. Cheese, ataady, 11®
12Hc. -
Butter. Cheese and Eejrs.
FIGS— 50®75c per box. . . „' "
GRAPES — Table varieties, 50@90c for crates,
30@5Cc for small boxes and 75c@$l 25 for
open boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels. $1 250
2 60 per box; Seedlings, $1@1 25; Tanger
ines, $1@1 23 for small and $1 60 for largo
boxes; Lemons. $2 50*33 for fancy. $1 75(32 25
for choice and $1 25<Q1 50 for stand
ards : Grape Fruit, $1 75@2 60; Mexican Limes.
$4@4 50 per case; Bananas. $2@3 per bunch
for Central American and $1®2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples. $1 5CS3 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $9@11 per
chest; Mallndas and Brandywlnes, S-'iH; Che
neys, $4$ 6.
Raspberries— $5®b per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 7©9c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— $10®ll per bbl for East
ern and $2@2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
APPLES— $1 25 per box for extra fancy. 83c
C$1 for ordinary fancy, 50@75c for choice
and 23@40c for common; Lady Apples. $232 23
per box.
PEARS—^Winter Nellis. $1 25@1 50 per box;
cooklnc varieties, 65c@$l per box.
PERSIMMONS— 65® S5c per box.
Another car of Cranberries came in yester
day, and, ' as there were large lines on the
market already, the feeling was weak. Trade
In other fresh fruits was of a light holiday
character and all descriptions were more or
less weak. Receipts included four cars of
Apples and several cars of Oranges. Oranges
moved slowly and the quotations for Navels
had a wider range. The top quotation was
an extreme for the fanciest offerings of well
colored stock and was obtained only for email
parcels, the top for the general run of offer
ings being $2. 25. Apples continued easy at the
old quotations. Grapes arrived freely and met
with a sluggish demand at lower prices, a.
good portion of the receipts being of poor qual
ity. Figs were generally poor and hard to
sell at any price. Berries were In fair request
and attractive lots found prompt sale at steady
rates. ... >-..•
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour, qr sks.. 14.293|Tallow ctls ... 245
Wheat ctls ... 3.4O4VLeather. rolls .. 133
Barley, ctls ... 5.»52: Hides. No J.&41
Corn, ctls 269| Pelts. No 5.15
Rye. ctls 3fi0|Llme. bbh» 273
Beans, sks 9,172'Paper reams .. 14ft
Potatoes, sks .. 0,4f>l I Brandy, gals ... 2,5fi0
Onions, sks ... .'.OlWlne gals 113.125
Bran, sks 693!AIfalfa. sks ... 48
Middlings ska.. 1501 Screenings, sks.. 1.S3O
Hay. tons 38f»|Ralsins. bxs ... 1.13O
Straw, tons ....' 4'Fugar. ctls 3.0OO
Hops, bales .... 2C3!QuicksiIver, Csks 213
Wool, bales ... 187f
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. lo.'COl i'J.,
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FORTY-EIGHT HOURS.
CHICAGO, Nov. 25. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, quiet and steady; No 2
sprinir wheat, $1 09@l 13; No. 3, $1 02@l 10;
No. 2 red, Jl 12%@1 13%; No. 2 corn, 52c; No.
2 yellow, 57%c; No. 2 oato, 31%@32%c; No.
2 white. 32(g33V4c; No. 3 white, 30%@32%c:
No. '2 rye, 7Sc; good feeding barley, 3S@
3S%c; fair to choice malting, 42@52c: No
1 flaxsetd, $1 11%: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 IB;
prime timothy seed, $2 70; mess pork, per bar.
rel, $11 40<?ill 45; lard, per- 100 pounds,
$7 02%tfi7 05; short ribs sides (loose). $6 62%@
0 73; short clear sides (boxed), $6 75@ti 87%;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 21; clover, con
tract grade, ? 12 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, -barrels 21.000 21!>O0
Wheat bushels 60,000 100,200
Corn, bushels 287,200 153,400
Oats, bushels 130.80O 49,200
Rye. bushels 4,000 5,400
Barley, bushels ;. 80,100 22,000
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Eggs have again declined. The Thanksgiv
ing demand for ranch' was disappointing, as
the public took the cheaper Eastern and cold
storage goods In preference, and - as stocks
continue to increase the market has had to
give way. A number of ¦ houses offered their
very largest and best ranch at 37%@3Sc yes
terday.
Receipts were 57,200 lbs Butter. 823 cases
Eggs and 32,500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 20@21c
for extras and 17%@19c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 17618c: cold-storage, nominal:
store Butter. 10@14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle- packed, 15@16c.
CHEESE — ll%@12c for choice mild new and
10<@llc for old; cold storage. 10%{?llc; Young
Americas. 12@12%e; Eastern, 10@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 37%@40o for good to fancy
and 35@"6c for common; cold storage, 259
30c; Eastern. 25<02Sc for choice. 22®24c for
standards and lOQl'lc for seconds.
The condition of the Butter market is best
shown by the continual drive- of . sales of the
large retail stores at prices ranging from 29c
to 32c per square. They are working off large
quantities of tho very finest creameries at
these low prices, as they are very particular
to offer none but the very best brands. The
general range of quotations remains as be
fore, though some houses continue to report a
rather better demand for the best creameries.
Stocks are still large, but are not as excessive
as they have . been for the past month.
There is nothing new In Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and E»«s.
N Y. N H & H..190 IFranklin 12%
Pere Marquette... 75 iGrancy 5%
Union Pacific 115%|IMe Rovale 30%
Miscellaneous — |Mass Mining 7»i
Amer Arge Chem. 'JO Michigan «¦?;
Do pfd 83% Mohawk 05%
Amer Pneu Tube. 5% W«mt Coal & Coke 4
Amcr Sugar . . . .14SU Old Dominion ... 27?;
Do pfd 1U8 (Osceola 95%
Amer Tel & Tel. 141*; Parrot 30
Amer Woolen ... 22U!Quincy 115
Do pfd !>2%|Shannon JOVi
Ed Elect Ilium. .24U (Tamarack 127
Gen Electric 191 i Trinity l.iv;
Mass Electric lin ;v S Mining 25%
Do pfd filHITT S Oil 12
Mass Gas 40% Utah 45 %
United Fruit IOC*; I Victoria 6%
Un Sho» Mach... 58 |Wlnona 11
Do nfd 31 «i| Wolverine 1C8%
U S Steel 29T»|
London Closing Stocks.
Oons money. .8S 15-lGlN Y Centrals. ..'.13SK'
Do acct SS%)Kor & Western... 77
Anaconda .. r . C j Do pfd 04
Atchl«on .: SlUIOnt & Western... 42%
Do pfd 10n%jPennsyIvan!a ..... <iflu. ;
Bait & Ohio O8'4 Rand Mines 11 V4
Can Pacific l'{«-"i Reading M .. 89%
Ches & Ohio 50% Do 1st pfd W 46
Chi Great West.. 25%! Do 2d prd 41
Chi. Mil & St P.17S So Railway S5<&
De Boers 18%| Do pfd 07
D«n & Rio G.... 32«4|So Pacific,, «8%
.Do pfd S7 lUnlon Pacific ....117%
Er'e •'W^l Do pfd 97
Do let pfd 75*i U S Steel 20%
Do 2d pfd 64M Do pfd »':>?
Ill Central 153M Wabaah "4
Louis & Na«ih 1425; t Do pfd 47
M. K & Texas... 34%|Spanlsh 4s C8 l i
Bar silver— Firm; 27 l-16d per ounce.
Money — 2@3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3®3 11-10 per cent and fo r three
months' bills 3 per cent.
Bunk Clearings.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
November 24, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentages.
Citle« — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,740,841,233 82. C
Chicago 164,030,84» 13.8
Boston 127,107,60s 29 0 ....
Philadelphia 110,139,369 20.5
St. Louis 52,973,719 2.7
Pittsburg 40.475,014 38.3
San Francisco ... 27,710.086 10.4 ....
Baltimore 22,821,925 31.2 ....
Cincinnati 19.52S.400 3.9 ....
Kansas City 20,321.369 13.7 ....
New Orleans 10,493,732 22.4
Cleveland 12!lS7,751 .6 '.'.'.'.
Minneapolis 20,302,96S 1!» 4 ....
Detroit 10.860,916 2^7 ....
Louisville 9,562,345 IS. 6
Omaha «,949,tiO6 13.5 ....
Milwaukee 7,204,787 6.8
Providence 6,300 400 "s'2
Buffalo t), 439, 025 7.4
Indianapolis 6.735.<S31 2.7 ....
St. Paul 0,327,687 10.9
Los Angeles C.4S3.844 12.1 ....
St. Joseph 3,772,557 14.0
Denver 4.641,010 10.3
Columbug 3,909,600 3.7
Memphis 6,242,973 28.5 ....
Seattle 4,218,905 24.0 ....
Richmond 6.745,410 5.7 ....
Washington 4.153,142 23.9 ;...
•Savannah 5,612,045
Albany 3,764.2Ut 22.9
Portland, Or 3,793,053 27.6 ....
•Tort Worth .... 6.477,022
Toledo. Ohio 2.727,408 '. . '. *9*6
Salt Lake City... 4,497,159 8.7 ....
Feoria 3.209.120 15.6 ....
Atlanta 3.401.846 30.3 ....
Rochester 2.623,863 42.4
Hartford 2,261,22!) 41.1 ....
Nashville 2.6OB.412 42.9 * ....
Des Molnes 2.187,393 20 2 ' ....
Spokane, Wash... 2,453,092 34 9
Tacoma 2,(i4(>,709 89.5 ....
Grand Rapids ... 1,057,290 7.2 ....
New Haven 1,4*3, 667 .... 2.7
Dayton 1,431,014 7.S ....
Norfolk 1,897,331 23.2"" ....
Sj.ringfleld, Mass. 1.300,189 10.7 ....
Worcester • • 1,412.327 60.5 ....
Portland. Me 1.58O.R91 31 o
Augusta, Ga l,R0ti.245 12.7 ....
Topeka-. ......... 843,270 82.7
Sioux City. ....... 1,215,770 7.2 ....
S>recu!-e 1.20S.76* •- 24.4
Evansville 1.308,634 7.6
Birmingham ..... 1.237.68S ' 15.7
Wilmington, Del.. 910 237 12
Knoxville 1,127,008 20 3
Davenport 623.079 .... 4.7
l/ttle Rock l,:ilt.S,ft»9 3.8 . • . :
Wllke?barre 951.716 8.8 ....i
Fall River 642,984 89.9
Macon , 375.842 49.3
Wheeling. W. Va. 770,884 44.9
•Wichita 1,012,634
Akron 448,000 .... 17.9
ChatUnooKa 751,821 6.2 ....
•Springfield. III... 842.620
Kalamazoo, Mich. OR",204- 11.1 ....
Youngstown . 459,685 .... ....
Helena 5«4,446 29.0
Lexington 405,672 12.6
Fargo. N. D 064,142 27.9
New Bedfqrd .... 480,272 .... 16
Canton, Ofcio .... 370 150 ... 13 6
Jacksonville. Fla.. 734,397 37.5
Lowell £92,4C9 11.7
Chester. Pa R41.341 27. a
Greensburg, Pa... ¦ 394.998 16.5
Rockford. Ill 536,072 10.0
Binghamton 356,900 ' 3.0
Springfield, Ohio.. 332.232 .... 1.1
Bloomington, 111.. 301.395 11.0 ....
Qulncy. Ill N 256,476
Sioux Kails. S. D.. 279,351- 35.4
MansfWld, Ohio... 150.991 31.6
Decatur. Ill 217,729 12.4
Jacksonville. 111.. 104,206 .... 13.2
Fremont. Neb.... 137,107 30.4 ....
••Oalveston 12.OB7.0OQ 10.8 ....
tCharleston, S. C. 1.209,676 10.1
Totals. U. S...?2,667.07D.C48 65.1
Outside N. Y... 820,238,613 17.6 ....
-V* CANADA.
Montreal $29,432,801 40.6 ....
Toronto 24,24H,.151 7.4 ....
Winnipeg 9,465.265 38.0 • ....
Ottawa 2.814.437 24.5
Halifax 1,1)14,863 8.6
Quebec 1,846,797 19.3
Vancouver,. B. C. 1.721,800 27.9 ....
Hamilton 1,361,203 22.5 ....
London. Ont 1,008,821 44.3 ....
St. Johns, N. B.. 1,185,157 23.6
Victoria, B. C 470,090 10. S
Totals, Canada. $75,727,293 44.3 ....
•Last week.
••Not Included in totals, because containing
oth«r Items than clearings.
tNot Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%®7»ie. accordln*
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-lb bans
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.25c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c ; Dry Granulated coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 6.90c; Confectioners' A 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.€0c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; "D." 3.30c; barrel*. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 9O-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; II. & E. Crystal Domino*.
0c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-fiv* barrels or its equivalent.
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
«3c: light Herring Oil 42c; dark Hairing Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint OH. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water Whit* Coal Oil. la bulk.
!3c; Pear! Oil. In cases 19'jc; Astral. 19%e;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star 22%e; Elaine. 2uc;
Eocene. 21 %c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
bulk. 16c; In cas««. 22%c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; in cases. 19%c; S6-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c; In cases 31c.
TUKPENTINB— Is lower at 75c per gallon
In cases and 69c In drums and iron barrels.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed, 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw; Castor Oil In cases No. 1, 70c;
Bakers* AA. cases $1 lC'al 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases.
C5@S0c per gallon; Cocoa nut Oil, In barrels.
6Sc for Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm OH. 63c; extra bleached winter Whala
Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra winter
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. *6 60; Bryant. $6 60;
Beaver Hill. *5 50; Roelyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 60; Richmond. $1 60; Cumberland. $13 la
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $» per ton; Coke,
$11 50@13 per ton in bulk and $l.*> in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 60 per sbort
ton. > .: ' \ ;-. -:
BAGS — Grain Bags are still higher In sym
pathy with the Calcutta market. Grain Bags.
5%@5%c spot and 6c for next year; Wool
Bags. 30®32c; Fleece Twine 7%c.
General Merchandise.
HOGB — Live Hogs, 2W> to 25rt lbs. 4»l©4 i %c;
130 to 200 lbs. Hffb^c: SO to 100 lbs. 4%{MHc;
soft Hogs, not 'wanted; Sows. 20 per cent olt;
Boars. 60 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per ccat
off from above quotations.
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%«3*ic; Bwes. 3g3 l i»
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — *2 oQ*i2 75 per head.
Game v.-as inclined to easiness and Mallard,
Widgeon and small Ducks were quoted lower.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15<??17c perlb
for fresh stock; Live Turkeys. 13@16c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $2(32 23; Goslings, $2 2502 50;
Ducks, $5@tt per dozen for' old and $»Ii|7 for
young; Hens. $i 5o®5 for email and $5 5C@G
for large; young Roosters, $5 50<g>t$ 50; old
Roosters. $4@4 50; Fryers, $4 50<8«: Broilers.
$2 60^3 60: Pigeons. $1@1 25; Squabs, $2®2 50
GAME — Mallard # Ducks. $3®4 per dozon;
Canvasback. $3@6; Teal. $1 60; Sprig, $2@2 60-
Widgeon, $1 50; Red Heads $1 50*32 50; small
Ducks, $1 25@1 50; Gray Geese, *°<93-
White Geese. $1@1 75; Brant. $1 25®2 60;
Honkers, $3@6; Snipe. $3 for English and $1 60
for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare. $1 50®l 76;
Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.
Trade in Poultry was quiet, as Is always the
case immediately after . Thanksgiving, when
tho public demand Is very light. Steady prices
ruled, however, for good Hens and Roosters
and large Fryers, offerings being light. Small
Broilers were- not wanted and sold at a lower
range. Carried-over lots of dressed Turkeys
were cleaned up at prices ranging from 12 %c
to 15c per pound and some poor lots sold down
to lCc. Moat of this carrled-over stock was
bought on speculation- by retailers and placed
In cold storage. Nine cases of fresh stoc!:
came in and sold at the appearing quotations.
Live -.Turkeys sold slowly at sharply reduced
prices. A car of Western Poultry falls due
to-day. .
Poultry and Game.
X,"s York Stocks irregular, but
generally higher.
Local Securities in fair demand,
uith the Sugars firm.
$:lrcr and Lxchaiigc rates gener-
Grain markets auiet and ivithout
_ ' __ " _ _ _
Beans, Hay and teedsiuits as bc-
Potatocs. Onions and Vegetables
shenu little variation.
Fresh and Deciduous Fruit nwr^
Large lines of dressed Turkcxs
placed on cold storage.
Gcnr.e zveak, with Ducks generally
lower.
Eggs dull and still lower. Butter
and Cheese unchanged.
Provisions still inactive in all mar
kets.
Hogs firm, with receipts still light.
Further adz'aiwe in Grain Bags.
Turpentine declines 6c per gallon.
and preferred, respectively, aggregated almost
1 cne-thlrd of the day's total' oper'atlcr.s.
The Mfel linnds led the bond market, as
j several huee blocks changed hands. The net
I advanoo was 2*» per cent.
Government bonds were unchanged on. call.
Total pales aggrepatfd $10,740,000.
Xeu York Stock iLst.
E. V. Hutton & Co.. 430 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, l'urniFh the following official
I quotations if that Exchange: •-."- '.
j Sale?. I STOCKS. |7llsh;Low.| Bid. A>k.
MOjAdama Express. . 9% 9% OVi 9%
Kii»,2<X)jAmalg Copper .. 7S*« 70 7S% 78%
lAmer Can Co 10% 10%
I l>o i>fd 5-1
r..O00jAmer C & F Co 32% :»Mi 8SK
l.€00j Do pfd »0'j 8T»>i 00 90%
70O' Amer Cotton Oil. 31 'i ."3-Ti Si 34 ! /4
j Dj yfd S>3 96
[Atner Express (215 2iS
JAmer « T Co... 9% «%i
l.iOOjAm'r Hide & L. Otf 8:»| a ll'i
1.50«.>: Do pfd CSig 3S j 3S'i 3SU
l,S*»>:Amer Ice 8'* 8%j S^ STi
200 Do pfd :W : V4 SS».:.| 87V&] "SU
l'J,70li Amcr Locomotive "4'j •'tj?*! 34'.i| 31 ?i
1,100 D» pfd 104 1029itlC3»i|10t
hSOUAxon Malt [ ti% «%i t»S 0?i
2,21X1! Uo r fd 27 S3KI.26H 27
lU,4CH>|Amer S & U Co. *lrs SOU SI 81 ?i
8'JCl Do rfd |1M 113 li:j*i|114
S.300Amer t^ugar 1149% 147 hi ( 143". 1 148%
j Do pfd 137 13U
1.400'Amrr Woolen .. 22Ti 22% 22U 22%
j Do p.M •. I fll% 03
t;i*», Anaconda 114» 4 114 114 114?i
4f..:;u»;A T &. Santa Fe. K)- 6H% SSK 89
7.700 IX) ufd 104% 1<M% 103*4 103%
e.9(W|l3alt & Ohio ... 0ti% 95^ 90% 9liH
200] Do pfd 94 93% 93% 95
|B li T CS=»i 67k «7»fc tSl%
(Brooklyn V Gas' 134% 134^i
lt\OW,Canadlan PaclQcilSiU 132% 134% 184H
3.7U0.C & O i'J% 43 49% Wfa
:C & A i 43% 45
¦ Do pfd 84 8t5%
3C,10(.»;C & G W 2o»i 24%| 25% 20%
2.1C0^ Do pfd A 70 <;S%
l*,400; Vo pfd B 30% 34 37';; 3S
Do debs SSy. SS'i SS% »0
100;C *: N W 188 |200
».3U0,C M & St P ...!l74 1173 |173% 173*4
1\:UW:C R I & P (new* 3.*>s t j :'A%\ 35% 35;i
l,300| Do Pfd S4 I S3%! 83% 84
l.VOUiChicago Terminal 15*i| 15% 10% 16
1.300, I>o pfd 26»;| 26% 26% 2«"i
1.300 Chicago U T 14>i| 13% 13% 14
3.7on| Do pfd 4S%j 47 47 47%
i 300'C C C & St L...| N» 87 T i 87 8S
I 41.400;Colorado F & I.i 61 47% 50^; 50%
400!Colo Southern ...I 23 22% 22% 23
4(O; Do 1st pfd 68 »S 57% 5SU
l.WiOj Do 2d pfd I 35% 35%! 35 36
50o'co?iso!!d Gas ...215% 215 '215 215%
10<> Con Tob Co pfdJ iV2S 128%
2.7<w'Corii I'roducts ..24 23><i 23% 24
l.«>00i Do pfd SO 79%! - S( > I *"W*
1.000 Del & Hudson ..187% 186% '187Uil87%
D L & W ! 333 J334
! D i R G 82% 33
SCO 1 Do pM.. 85% 85 85% 66
|Des M & Ft D.. 24 25
900 Detroit U Ry ... 7» 78 7H% 79
J.80»'Det Southern ... 7 6% 6% 7
2,<XK» Do prd 2S'i 28 2S 28%
COO|Distil S*cur 35% 36
I Do bonds T54i 70%
,D S S & A 12% 18%
I Do pfd 24%; 20
71 ..TOO' Erie 39% 3S 39% 3ft %
<(.500| Do 1st pfd.... 73% 72 73%! 75
5.OOC .Do 2d pfd 1 55 vi 52% 55% I 55%
4.500'General Elec ...193% 11*2 191%ilU2
»0»»lGt -Northern pfd.. |21S 210 210 |21S
l.:!liO Hocking Valley.. i 8«% *•«
l.lOCiiilllnols Central.. 152 [149% 151Kil.M%,
l.WK) Inter Paper l»*i 1» 19 | 19 1 *
8001 Do pfd 78 77U 77% 77% ,
Inter Pump 40 41
SCO Do pfd M% 85 S5 85%
WX) Iowa Central ... <W% 30 30 30%
1400! Do pfd I 50% 55% 55% 5fl%
|KC. FtS & Mpfd 82% 82% S2% 83
K C Southern 28 29%
Do pfd 52% 52%
1.700.L & N |1?.9% 139 138% 139%
1.K00 Manhattan lC9'i 16SU 108% 1»«%
1.30O Metropolitan Sos 81% SOU 81 81%
K.300 ! Met St. Ry 1231.; 121% 122* 122%
l]ooo; Mexican C#nt :. 23% S2% 22% 2^!»
900: Minn & St L...| 64% 63 64 CJ
1U0-M S P & S S Mi...<. ....; »O 91
I Do pfd 14« - 1M>
l.aw.M k & t 34*, :n»i 34% 34%
.700' Do pfd 63V« «2% «3 63%
8,900'Mlssouri Pacific 1*»8% W-i. HKV t 108%
1.30<>' National Lead .' 24 23%t 23% 24
I Do pfd t«4 07
IN R R of Mex 23% 23%
I Do prd 1 «% 44
1.500 National Biscuit 55% 54% 54% 55
j. Do pfd ....... -. 116 -J116%
;;C V Central 135*; 134% 130% 135%
1<«» N Y C & St L. 40% 40 4l> 42
3<X>i Do 2d pfd ... 75 73 72-73
l,80«>N Y Dock.'. 13T>% 184Tfe 135% 135%.
4,000,N V O & W.... 42 41% 42 42%
7,40o!Nor & Western. 75 74%! 74% 75
I Do pfd I »O »4
1 O0O North American 105 1103 1103% 104%
...:... iNorthern Sees .. 117%!117 im;|ll7%,
10lO S L 4s 1G3HI104
'Pacific Coast 77% 78
I Do 1st pfd 199 105
3.600 Pacific Mall 45% 45 I
42,9o0iPennsyl R R Co. 1S.V.I135S 1S5% 135%
l.SWPecple's Gas . . .ilO8*{!lft7% K8H 108%
30O p C C & St L. . 76 76 75 76
8,300' Pressed Steel C 3S»£ 36% S8tf 38%
3.WV> Do pfd 87 M 86 *7
U.SOO Ry St Springs Co 83% 32% 83% 33%
9fX>l Do pfd f?J>% 89 89 69%
¦56. SOOi Read ing I 76% 75% 76% 76%
300]- Do 1st pfd .. 88 88 87% 88H
I Do 2d pfd 76% 76%
1.300' Republic S & I.. 17% 16% 17 17%
70O| Do pfd 60% 68% «'-»Vi «3%
[Rubber Goods ..1 1 23 24
Do pfd 67 68
1.900!s S.S & I Co..( 62% 62 62Vi 62%
f Do pfd ! ft9 100
2.S00 S L & S F p£d 77% 78
200' Do 2d pfd 68 «7i; 67% R7%
3O0'St L & S W. ... 25% 25 I 25% 25^;
400, Do pfd ! ! M MM
Sl.mto'southern Pacific ! 6«%! «6"^ «6% « r *^i
16.r»,iHtSouthern Rail ..! 35»ii 34%l 35 35%
200! Do pfd 95%l f>5 I J»U 95%
3(K»S Rope A Twine 3% I 3% 3% 4
14>-«lTenn Coal & In 77% 74V; 76V{ 76%
3.10OlTexas Pacific .. 30%! 36 U 36% 3«?5
coo't st l & vr::.\ 3i«i 3isl 3Uii 31%
2.600! Do pfd 53%l 52HI 82%l 53
!Twin City R T I tW5%!10fl%
30«:rn B & Pa" pfd' 75'i ! 75 75 70
Crtflno'L'nlon Taclnc ..illOT<,ill4s;ilir>»4!ll5Ni
200! Do pfd ! fl4%l «3%l D4%l BSU
ROoiUni'd R of S F! 1« I 17%! IS I 18«i
«00l Do pfd • 63 I 63 I f.2%1 63%
SOOi Do 4s .; I ! I 86 I 86%
1.5001U SCart Iron P.! 16T4! 1«%I 16%l 16"*.
2 0oot Do pfd I 7-".«il 73 I 73%l 73%
.TflnolTT S Leather 1 14*1 14 I 14%l \l\l
1.100 1 Do pfd 1 fl4%l MV.\ 0% I K,Vt
S.CfiOlU R Rubber ...1 34U! 33V,i 33%l M%
2.7<V>! Do pfd t t>ml 89T4! 91 I fll^i
21J.600,U S St^el Cor.. 29% I 27% 1 2fl 29%
240 lW Do pfd I 941/.1 00%l J>4 j »4U
1.3nr.!Va-Car Chem Co! 41*^1 41 I 40>AI 41
boo! no pfd !H3i;iii2%in2«4Hi3vi
1 twtOlWsbash I 231JI 22UI 23%! 2S31
COO^ Do pfd I 4Cftl 4.1% I 46i,il 46%
I Do deb "Bs"..! I I (T7«4l fl7»{
iWeetem Union..! ! ! 92 192%
7.ono Wwtlnrhous* ..I1«1 !1W> MSfttiUSI
T>o 1st pfd ..1197 H97 U02 llf>«
400 W & L E 1 1 1 20 ! 21
I Do 1st pfd ..t ' I 47'fl 4Sl{
nnoiWldronsin Cent .' 24 I 23»;1 2TIUI 24
IMX»I Do Ttt/i I 4R 1 47% I 47%l 4S
|Sou rac pfd ..JUT14JII7 !117%|117% ;
l,4««.»00— Total sharfs Mid.
\c\v VorU Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg...lO4%!L & N unified 4rlO3%"
Do coupon 104%(Man con gold 4s.lO5H
Do ?.s reg lC«%!Mfx Centra! 4s... 79
Do coupon 104%j Do 1st inc 27
Do new 4s reg.lSO%lltlnn & St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon 130"iiM. K * Texas 4s. 102%
Do old 4s reg.100%1 Do 2<3» 86%
Do coupon 10C»,«!NR or Mex con 4s 81%
Atch gen 4s 102%|N Y C gen 3V.«..100%
Do adj 4s 04UIN J C gen 5s. .\. -135^
Atlantic C L 46.100 |Xor Pacific 4s 105V4
Balt'ft Ohio 4s..lf«.T4| Do 3» 74%
Do" 3%s 95%!Nr>r & W con 4i.l00%
Central of Ga Ss.UHi'O.SL 4s & partlc.103%
Do 1st Inc 90 JPa conv 3%s 102',;
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8 iReadlng Ken 4s...l02W
Chi & Alton 3%s. 82Li's L & I M con 5s.ll5%
C. B & Q new 4?.10<l>4!.S L &' S F fg 4s. B8M
C M A SP gn 4s.llO*ilKt LouIb SW lsts. 97%
C & NW con 7s. 128^ I Seaboard A L 4s. 84
C R I & Pac 4s. «1U!S O Pacific 4s 00
Do col 6s fHyiSo Railway 6s 118%
C.CC & SLrn 48.103 ITex & Pac I#tf>..l21
Chi Term 4s 84 fTol. St L & W 4s. 82
Coos Tobacco 4s. SUilL'nlon Pacific 4s. 106
Colo A So 4s.... RR%1 Do conv 4» list;
C. T & I con 5*. S5%|U S Steel 2d 5s.. 95'i
Den & Rio G 4S.101 |Wabaeh 1st 117%
Erie prior lien 4S.102M! Do deh B .....67%;
Do gen 4s ni%lw & L Erlo.49... 92?J !
V W *¦ D C lsts.lll IWis Central 4s... 91
Hock Val 4%s...I10 I
Xcw York Mining Stocks.'
Adams Con SSILlttle Chief 05
Alice «0;Ontarlo. ...........3 60
I5rcec# 12IOphlr. 2 10
Bruns Con 20|Phoenix :......... -,,14
Com Tunnel ORIPotosI ...... -,;....• 16
Con Cal &. Va... 1 70'Savago 23
Horn Stiver ..... I SJJlSlerra Nevada.... S-S
Iron Silver ...:. 2 COISmall Hope* 23
Leadville Con 02|Standard 1 80
Boston Stock* aniV. Bonds.
Money— |I7 S Steel pfd 93%
Call loan* 3f73%|We*tlng Common. 00
Time loan* 435 < Mining —
Bonds — lAdvcnture .' 6."
AfhlBon 4s 102 Allouez 18
Do edj 4s mHUmal. Copper 78'
natlrcads — JAmer Zinc 1314
Atchlwvn 88%iAtlantlc ..:...../ 17%
Da pfd ...I0-?Ni!'"--»'am 37%
no»ton &¦ Albany.2r.2%!c.-'umet & Heela.660
Boston A Maine.lO7%lcAtennlal : 2S%
Boston Elev .....154 |Copper Range ... 70>i
Fltchhurg pfd 140 (Daly. West ....... J3%
Mex Central..-.-;.. 22%|Dom Coal ..;v... 60
CHICAGO, Nov. 25. — Bullish 'sentiment pre
vailed In the wheat- pit throughout to-day's
entire ¦ session. At the start the December
delivery was up %@1*c to %@;fcc at $1 09%
to $1 09?j. May was up ?6@«ic to lc at $1 10%
to >110%. The initial advance was due mainly
to a sharp rltsa in wheat prices at Liverpool,
quotations there being up finally Id. The
strength of the English market was said to
be the result of bullish . advices from Argen
tina. Reports from that .country Indicated
that excessive rains had caused delay In har
vest operations, entailing considerable damage
to the crop. 1 Another bullish factor was a dis
patch from Odessa claiming an appreciable
decrease In arrivals and shipments of wheat
there. Domestic conditions also favored th«
bulls. Drouth in the Southwest remained un
broken. Demand for cash wheat was again of
influential character, flour mills at Minneap
olis being good buyers of the higher grades.'
On profit taking the market early lost a por
tion of the opening advance, December easing
off to $1 091k. May declined to $1 00%@l 10.
On -the reaction shorts became active buyers,
causing a quick rally. During the remainder
of the day an excellent demand was In evi
dence, offerings being readily taken. A report
by a St. Louis crop journal telling of -damage
by drouth nn<l Hessian flies was a bullish fac
tor late. The high point of the day was
reached at $1 lO'/i for December. Meantime
May advanced to $1 11. The market closed
strong, with December up T&S'lc at ?1 09%
and May l%c higher at $1 10%.
Higher cables and the strength of wheat
cau.eed a strong corn market. . December
closed %c higher at 49%c.
Outs were firm. December closed %@ Vic
higher at 31%" c.
In spite of tremendous receipts of hogs the
provision market was strong under the. de
mand from a big packing-house. At the close
pork was 17 %c hlfher; lard was up 7%@
10c, and ribs were 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Closa
Wheat No. 2 —
December ... 1 09% 1 10>i 1 09% 1 09 >i
May 110% 111 110 1 10%
July 5)9% 99% 89 99%
Corn No. 2 —
December ... CO'.i 50>4 49% 49*:
May 40U 4tJ»i 45% 46
July 46% 4«%/- 46 46
Oats No. 2—
November .... 30-^
December ...•' 29% 29% 29% 29^
May 30% 30% 30% 30%
July 31% 31% 31% 31%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 05 12 82% 12 65 12 82%
May 12 77% 12 97% 12 77% 12 97%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January ..:. 7 CO 7 10 7 00 7 10 .
May 7 17% 7 25 7 17% 7 25-
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — .
January 0 CO (',02% 0 60 6 62%
May 6 70 0 77% 6 67% 6 76
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE!
Futui'c Grain and Provisions.
s7 M MARY OF MARKETS.
Ranch Eggs are cheaper this week and fur
ther declines are expected before long, as tne
receipts In the wholesale markets are increas
ing every day. Butter is still selling at easy
prices and Cheese stands as previously iu"tea.
Aside from a sharp -bj-eak In prices of Tur
keys, there is no change in Poultry, all kind3
being in good supply. Game is plentiful and
most kinds are cheaper. •
Fruits and Vegetables have changed Dut
little and Fish and Meats stand about the
same as quoted last week.
COAL, PER TON—
Wellington .$— @10 C0| New
Seattle $— @ 9 50) Wellington.?— 010 00
Roslyn ..:,,.$— @ 9 CO Wellington
Richmond ..$ — @ 0 50! Nut $— @ 8 00
Coob Bay ,"..$— @ 7 50L
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter choice, sq.— @40| Best Ranch ••-TT.fm
Do good uOC'i .'!.'>! Common do..S« 1 .n©-»w
Do packed, lb.— ©251 Storage i^vS,
Cheese. Cal 15«2O| Eastern 2o S,«
Cheese. Eastern. 20® 25! Honey, comb, lb.— ®13
Cheese. Swl?s ,.25@a5| Do extracted .. SfllU
Eggs, per dozen — i
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large. ea.G3©00|Whlta Geese. ea.20©23
Do small .... BOffCOi Brant, eacll £352
Young Roosters. I Rabbits, each . •"<«*;••;
each 75cS$l|Hare. each —£20
Old Roosters. ea.50@G5i English Snipe, dz— *T*4
Fryers, each .. .50063! Common do,dz$2@- 50
Broilers, each . .400501 Wild Ducks, each —
Turkeys, per lb. 200251 Mallard ~®An
Ducks, each ..C5c@$l| Canvasback ...(54} DO
Geese, each..— <5$1 501 Sprig 4O< i'Ar
Goslings $2@2 25! Teal •• ~~?^Z
Pigeons, pair. . .— @50| Red Heads — @10
Squabs, per pair.50®f>OI Widgeon .-.O.tf.>5
Wild Doves, doz.$l 50| Small Ducks 20^25
Gray Geese. ea.40@50|
MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast Beef: I Mutton Chops ..—©IB
Choice cuts . ,lu@20 Pork Chops .... — iris
Do plain 10012^ Veal Cutlets 15®1S
Roast Veal ..12'£©16 Corned Beef — © 8
Roast Pork ..12%@13 Beef Stew S@10
Foreqtr Lamb.— ®12% Mutton Stew ...6»»
Hlndqtr Lamb.. — ©15 Veal Stew ....10©l-Vj
Foreqtr Mutton.. S01O! Soup Meat 5S
Leg Mutton . . . .—^10 Soup' Bones 4 @~
Tndrloin Steak.l2H®13;Hanis J52iX
Portrhse Steak. .18020! Bacon 15 f,2
Sirloin Steak.. 12%ffll5! Pork Sausage.. 12V. ©13
Round Steak.. 10012% Chipped Beef --SOg—
Lamb Chops . . . 13020! Lard ..12%0—
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Peajs.ea.20@25 Oranges, dozen —
Almonds 15@20 Fancy 4^SAn
Apples 4{j 8 Common ..O'g.J'J
Chestnuts, lb ..15020 Plums, lb <•& »
Cranberrlefl, qt...lO@15iPears. lb ," o 4 ®-?
Pecans ..— ®20[ Pineapples. each.2afloi»
Brazil Nuts 20® — Persimmons, doz.25@4O
Bananas, doz .-.25@35' Quinces "SL2
Cocoanuts each.— 010 Raisins, lb 103x3
Flits, dried, lb.. 6©10 Raspberries, per
Do. fresh.lb.l2>4@15 drawer ..40®60
Grapo Frult,dz.75c<g$l Strawberries, „_„„
Grapes, lb 8S10 Per drawer ...25®. 5
Hcklebrrlea. lb.lO@12% Tangerine*. fl0Z.20@30
T^emona doz 20030! Walnuts, per lb.l5@20
Umes. doz .....10@15!
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes doz.30©G0| Mushrooms, lb.... 20030
Beets, dozen ....10@— Onions, per lb..2H@3
Beans, white. lb. 5@— I Okra. dried. lb..2C®—
Colored^ per lb. 5@— Do. green. lb.l0fH2i4
Dried Lima. lb. C© d Potatoes, per lb.1%02
Green Lima 10@— TParsnlps. per dz.l;VS20
Cabbage, each .. 5« 101 Radishes, dz bch.l502Q
Celery head . . . 5@W Sage, dz bnches.2ri@—
Creas, dz bunch.lo®— (String Beans, lb. 8@10
Cucumbers. doz.l5©20| Summer Squash.
Garlic C»8 per lb 6® 8
Green Peppers.lb. 5© 8 Sprouts, per lb.. — © 6
Dried Peppers ..10020 Spinach, per lb.— & 6
Egg Plant, lb.lO012%!8weet Potatoes.lb— ® 2
Green Peas,lb.lO©12^| Thyme, dz bnchs.23«po
Lettuce per doz.l5®30 Turnips, per doz. — 015
L«eks. dz bnch. 150201 Tomatoes, lb 3@ 5
FISH. PER POUND — ,
Barracouta . -1O012V4! Rockcod — @15
Carp — @10 Sea Baes — ©12%
Catfish — ©12 H Smelts 10 ®||^
Codfish — ©12*6 Seles 10313
Flounders 10® — Skates, each ....10«rlo
Halibut :...15© — Squid — & —
Herring 8010 Tomcod 100 —
Mackerel 15©— Turbot . . . .T. 20#—
Do horse ...12H0 — Trout 7"®' 5
Rockftsh —012% Whitensh 100—
Salmon. trtah-.-rQlZV, Clams, gallon ..600—
Do smoked ..—020 Do hardshell, lb 8@10
Sardines 8010 Crawfish. perlbl2U.015
Shad 100— Crabs, each ....20025
Striped Bass.. 12^015 Musses, lb 12^015
Perch 100— I Oysters Cal. 100.4C3r>0
Pomplno 75cQ$l| Do Eastern. dz.3C@40
Family Retail 3Iarket.
Lead was lower in London at £12 18s 9d.
In the New York market the tono was firm and
pricis ptlll range from ijU 20 to $4 70.
Spelter was unchanged at £23 5s in London
and at $5 75 In the New York market.
Iron closed at 51s 7d in Glasgow and at
47s l«jd in Middlesboro.' Locally iron was
firm. .
quoted at £60 12s Cd and futures at £67 2s 6d.
Locally the spot market was firm, but with no
material . change. : Lake Is held at $14 Sl^A
10 1Z 1 ,-; electrolytic Is held at $14. 75@15.and
casting at $14 00«?14 75.
for that line of goods. A fresh carload of
Sweets was at hand and sold at 80c per cental,
while old stock was freely offered at 75c.
Several kinds of miscellaneous vegetables
were in lighter supply and higher. Tomatoes
in large boxes sold at a wide range as to
quality, and small boxes of choice from Los
Angeles sold at 75c@?l. Egg Plant In large
packages was easier owing to the competition
of better stock from the south.
POTATOES — BurOanks from the river 400
65c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 1001 33 per
Ctlj Oregon Burbanks, 75c@$l per ctl: River
Reds. 60tfji0e per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 75'gSOc
per ctl.
ONIONS— $2S2 30 per ctl for' fancy and
$1 25@1 50 per sack for oft grades.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 5®6c per lb:
String Beans. 4#5c per lb: Wax Beans. 3@6c:
Lima Beans, 6@7c per lb; Tomatoes. 50c@
$1 25 per box; Summer Squash, 83c per
box; Cabbage. C5@70c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per
sack; Cucumbers. 40@60c pep box; Garlic. iV,
©5c per lb; Egg Plant. &§7c per lb for Los.
Angeles and 75c@$l for large open boxes;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers, 35©
50c per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash,
$10i@12 per ton for round lots. -- -.c:,^.,..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
Coutlnucd on Pace Fdurkm.
/Trade ln:Potatoes and Onions was quiet and
air descriptions : stood as previously, "quoted.
Receipts ; of : river ,; Burbanks i were • heavy over
Thanksgiving and; the market was very weak
Potatoes. . Onions and .'.Vegetables.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25. — The London tin mar
ket reported a sharp advance with 'spot closing
at £135 10s and futures at £134 15s. Thelo
t-Al market, responding to the foreign. firmness
was also higher, - with spot • quoted , at $20 50sS
29 85.' .--:. ..- - .-¦ - ¦-. ¦•¦¦¦-
Business. was very. quiet at the advance. .. . •-.
Conner wu aJso hlEfcer In" London.*. With SDOt
New York Metal Market.
New York. Sterling and « Continental Ex
change are lower : and New York on Mexico
Is also off. Silver is J /ic down.
local;
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 84V{@1 R4S»
Sterling Kxchanfire. sight .". ,@4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables. ; 4 S7%@4 87^
New York ¦ Exchange, sight.... ' Par . G%
N.Y. Exchange, telegraphic... 02%@ - ;.
Silver, per ounce — .'.....¦ . . ' @ ¦ 58%
Mexican Dollars .....:. " 46l*@, 47 ,
'INTERNATIONAL.
JCew York on Paris' ........ 5.15' •
New York* on Mexico - . . . : . ... .205
Tarls on ¦ London 25.15" : .
Berlin on London ..'..'..*...:. ........... 2O..';7 ':
.Whcnt'nncl' Other Grains.
WHEAT-r-Forclgn • futures were higher.' Ad •
vices' from ; tho Argentine were conflicting .and
confused -the trade. The harvest there Is Just
commencing. ¦ ¦' ¦ "' ¦ •' ¦
¦- * Chicago 1 was unsettled, but closed higher on
, the day. : The. wires of E. F. Hutton Ai'Co.'
flaid: -*• "The - Btrong < close 'of Liverpool.: cables
indicates an uneasy, feeling, existing, there. over
the i Argentine 1 cituatlon. i ¦ Broomhall ? : cables
that : damaging " rains * have * fallen ;~and '. that ; a
strike is . threatening. .V.-'ln ) addition . to > this,-, one
of * the 'American "¦ experts ; now, going • through
The following quotations are for rood sound
Livestock : delivered in- San Francisco, less 4O9
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ; .
CATTLE— Steers. 7\i©7%c; Cows and Hell
ers. "5%@6%e: thin; Cows,- 4@5o per lb.
CALVES— 4@4&c per lb (gxosa weight). :
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
.Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
- BEEF — &@7c . for Steers and 4@5c per 1b
for Cows. " - • - .
VEAL— Large. 6@7V£c; small. 7®9e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7%c; Ewes. C©7c per
pound."- ' • ¦ '-.
LAMB— 8©9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, C@Se per lb.
The firmness in Hogs continues and receipts
are still light. .
DRESSED MEATS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£* 5^> fe
70==70==70
HEAD AT AUCTION!
50 head broke horses, weighing from 11C0 to
1700 pounds.
25 head unbrokp. from 100O to 13CO pounds.
Consigned by
C. R. SCGGETT. LAKEVIEW. ORE.
One of the b?st consignments of all-purpo»«
horses ever offered at auction In this city.
SALE MONDAY November 28/04.
» j At 11 a. m. sharp.
22O Valencia street.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
E. STEWART. Auctioneer.
P- S. — No outside horses will be offered. 'John O. Stanich, 432 Brannan
street, .met an obliging stranger on
Market street ; near Second on Thurs
day and Was r steered to a room at 242
Stockton . street. 'There he was intro
duced to . three others and in a short
time" he lost $25 at a card game. He
reported the matter to the police.
Detectives Ryan, Taylor and Mulcahy
and Policeman 'Hook raided, the place.
They arrested/ " Jack"^ Shea and H. E.
Wishart, but} Harry "Walters and ¦ Wil
liam- ; Thatcher made their escape.
Swindled by Bunko Men.
Three meals, two pints of porter and
84 cents a day is the demand of farm
laborers In the midland counties of Ire
land, and they have gone on strike- to
enforce the demand.
Floating spots before the Eyes, dimness
of vision, weak eyes, cured by Murine
Eye Remedies. A home cure for Eyes. •
To Enjoin Health Board.
Paul Leberge, who owns the dairy
at 2 1 1 Berlin street, which the . Board
of Health recently ordered abated as
a nuisance' because of ..its alleged un
sanitary condition, yesterday sued for
an injunction to prevent the board
froni enforcing its order. ' Attorney
Ferrari secured a temporary restrain
ing order from Judge Kerrigan^ It is
contended that I the Board of Health
has . no power - to abate a nuisance j of
the character alleged without proceed
ing properly under the statutes and
bringing a suit for abatement In a
court of competent Jurisdiction.
For that drowsy, tired feeling and loss
of appetite there is nothing as good as
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
The bill collector's work may not be
very pleasant, but it has to be dun.
The friends of William M. Spencer,
who left for Eureka on November 6
and who has not been heard of since
November 8, now believe that he is
dead. It was ascertained that he
boarded the steamer Pomona when
the vessel left Eureka on the 9th.
Whether he committed suicide by
Jumping overboard from the vessel
or fell overboard accidentally is not
known, but his friends are certain
that he did not reach this port.
Thinks He Was Drowned.
The old and well-known wholesale
liquor houses of Shea-Bocqueraz Compa
ny and B. D. Pike & Co.. the former do
ing business at No. 525. Market street.
San Francisco, and the latter at No. 213
Battery street, have this day consolidat
ed their businesses. B. D. Pike & Co.
will, on the first of December next, re
move to No. 625 Market street, and in
conjunction with Shea-Bocqueraz Com
pany the business will be continued at
that place, under the name of Shea-Boc
queraz Company. •
Consolidation.
On reaching home he was taken by
George Fraser to . the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where they found Dr.
C. B. Pinkham on watch. Dr. Pink
ham did not inquire what was the mat
ter with the patient and did not ask
Fraser for his name.
After a cursory examination Pink
ham turned the patient over to Steward
de Vere. who soon sent the patient
home. In the morning Wackford was
found unconscious and was taken again
to the hospital, where he died as soon
as he had been laid. on the operating
table.
Dr. Bacigalupi testified that the blow
or the fall had ruptured the left menln
geal artery , at the base of the brain
and that it was douotrul whether
Wackford's life could have been saved,
even' under "proper treatment.
Mrs. Donahue made a -statement to
the police to the effect that Wackford
had insulted her ; by mistaking . her for
a ; street walker. Donahue said, also
that: when his '.wife informed ' him of
what had happened he. struck Wack
ford and then walked away, not stop
ping to see . whether his victim had
fallen or rot. .
-The evidence tended to show that
Donahue, Frank Rice, Thomas Ham
ersligh, Mrs. Donahue and Mrs. Ham
ersligh were "mixed up" in a street
fight In front of the Donahue residence,
933 Mission street, last Sunday night,
and that Donahue, wno was drunk,
smote several bystanders. Just pre
viously to this free for all affair he
was seen to knock down Wackford
twice. Wackford was an engineer 57
years old. He was a total abstainer
and a religious man, and was on his
way home from church, going toward
his room at 926 Mission street. Before
he became unconscious he told George
Fraser that as he was passing the
Donahue residence he accidentally
trod upon the train of a lady's
dress, apologized, and was knocked
down by a man whom he did
not know. The blow so confused
him that he did not know how to get
home and wandered about an hour and
a half until a lady passer-by directed
him to the house In which he had a
room.
. Involuntary manslaughter was the
verdict given yesterday by a Coroner's
Jury after the inquest on the body of
Thomas Wackford, who died at the
Central Emergency Hospital last Mon
day morning from the indirect effects
of a blow delivered by a drunken team
ster named Frank Donahue. The hos
pital authorities were censured for neg
ligence and indifference in the treat
ment of the case, that portion of the
verdict reading as follows:
. We wish to severely censure the hospital
Attendants for their gross carelessness and
lax methods In treating patients in general
and in this Dartlcular case In allowing the
patient to so away without proper examina
tion.
Methods Pursued in the
Central Hospital Found
to Be Without System
Curses of Child Drive 3Iother to At
tempt to End Her Life
With Poison.
Because her son swore at her, Mrs.
-Martha .McKenna of 546 Grovo street
attempted to end her life last night
by drinking two ounces of carbolic
acid. Had she not mixed the liquid
with claret, thus obtaining a chemi
cal antidote through the alcohol in
the liquor, her life would have been
ended.
Mrs. McKenna's son, who aha
claims was responsible for her rash
act, came home to supper and round
ly cursed his parent because the meal
¦was not ready. When the son's back
was turned his mother poured the
contents of a bottle of the acid in a
glass of claret. The son saw her ac
tions, but too late to prevent her from
drinking the dose.
The woman was rushed to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, where Dr,
Hill succeeded In reviving her.
WO3IAN TAKES CARBOLIC
~-i' ACID WIIEX SOX SWEARS
JURY CENSURES
CITY'S DOCTORS
G. Carandinos Lured to Room and
Hubert Marks Armed With Re
volver, Demands Purse.
Hubert Marks was arrested in the
Kail of Justice yesterday morning by
Policemen Krucger and Sullivan and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of assault to commit robbery. The
complaining ¦witness is G. Carandinos,
v.ho lives on Howard street, between
Third and Fourth.
Late Wednesday night Carandinos
met a woman named Sarah Thomson
and he invited her to have a drink.
While paying for the drink she ob
served that he had some gold in his
purse. They went to the woman's
room at 933 Mission street and while
she went out for two bottles of beer
Marks made his appearance and, pull
ing a revolver out of his pocket and
pointing It at Carandinos, ordered
him to hand over his purse. Caran
dinos picked up a chair and, backing
out of the room, raised an outcry and
Marks Sed.
The woman was arrested on a
charge of vagrancy. She absolutely
refused to give the name of the man
•who attempted to rob Carandinos.
Her rase was to be called in court
yesterday morning and Krueger and
Sullivan saw a man talking to her.
They placed him under arrest and he
was positively identified by Carandi
nos as the man who tried to hold him
up.
A pair of scissors and a copy of The
Call is a combination worth $7 50. Con
clusive proof of this is shown in the ad.
of the Great American Importing Tea
Co., on page 4.
Fell Out of an Automobile.
An automobile in distress with a
¦woman sprawling: on the ground ard
two men standing by helping her out
of her predicament was what attract
ed the attention of a milkman at 4
o'clock yesterday morning on Fell
street near Stanyan. The trouble
was reported to the park police, and
the ambulance was dispatched to the
scene, where a woman was found who
gave the name of Ray Chapelle. She
•wza suffering from a lacerated scalp
wound. A sudden curve of the street
caused the woman to fall from her
seat.. "m'K
Take PIko'h Care for Consumption
for Coughs. Colds and Consumption. 25c. •
Living pictures — clever and finished
representations of groups taken from
Dresden and Sevres china— are very
popular at one of the London music
halls.
Eugene Glogwold, claiming to have a
chateau and vast estates In France,
withheld from him because of his Bour
bon lineage, was wrapped in an old
and dirty carpet when a policeman dis
turbed his dreams last ."Wednesday
night somewhere in the Mission. Judge
Conlan gave him thirty days.
* Joseph Gibson, charged with at
tempting to steal 350 empty sacks from
the Olympic stables, was pronounced
guilty of petty larceny and will be sen
tenced to-day by Judge Mogan. After
throwing the sacks from a second
story window to the street Gibson was
removing them when Patrolman Lack
mann arrested him. He pleaded .that
Tom Smith had told him to go there
and get the sacks, but the po'liceman
proved T.**S. a myth.
For selling lottery tickets Harry
Jones was fined $40 by Judge Cabaniss.
Frank Ranouf, accused .of having
stolen 520 from A. J. Crowley of 551
Market street In a. saloon at Howard
and Second streets, was vigorously
pleading his innocence and apparently
making a favorable impression . on
Judge Mogan's court, -when his Honor
suddenly produced records showing
that two previous convictions for fel
ony were against the aerendant. Then
Mr. Ranouf ceased his impassioned
oratory and sullenly heard his case
continued till to-day.
sault with a deadly weapon, and he
says he swung the walrus tusk in self
defense, as. McDonald struck him with
a beer glass and was trying to repeat
the blow when the knockout occurred.
The fight took place in Bolsdorf's sa
loon . Thursday evening..
Stanich swore to complaints In Judge
Ftiz's court yesterday, charging the
four bunko men with petty larceny.
A visitor who refused to give his name
was also bunkoed out of $12.
Father Casey was greatly pleased
with his gift and replied in a fitting
manner, his remarks being punctu
ated with bright sallies of wit and
humorous references to his Ions so
journ here.
Tribute was paid Rev. Father P. S.
Casey last night by his parishioners.
The reception given the beloved priest
last night was in celebration of the
twenty-fifth anniversary of his con
nection with St. Peter's parish. The
big hall was filled with friends, who
came to congratulate him.
An excellent programme was well
rendered by Graber's orchestra, Mary
and Loretta Keenan, Mrs. M. D. Mc-
Glade. Bert Felvey. St. Peter's School
orchestra, J. J. Colgan. Mary and
Catherine Clarke, H. Dowdall, J. Lew
is, F. Keyser, L. Berteaud, Eddie and
Frances Doherty, Miss Barduhn, J. A.
Hesse and May Ludlow. A beautiful
gold watch was presented to the rev
erend father by his congregation. The
presentation speech was made by T.
R. Curtis.
torate In St. Peter's Is Appro
priately Celebrated.
Twenty-Fifth Anniversary of His Pas-
WOMAN'S FRIEND ARRESTED
FOR AN ASSAULT TO ROB
FATHER P. S. CASEY IS GIVEN'
RECEPTION BY PARISH
I ;¦ If ; his Honor heard the query, hie side
stepped I it, for " his response , was £,. a
sternly uttered . requ est . to know . what
Miss Emmellne Day smiled and nod
ded f amlllarlyto Judge , Mogan i as ; i she
approached his , bench ? for;, arraignment
on the charge : of disturbing i the' peace,"
nor was she at all i abashed 'by, a very
frigid .;• reception of her? f rlehdlyi over
ture. Ignoring the' cold eye'of personi
fied ' Justice sheV laid; a- crairitlly.'f gloved
hand upon , the desk and chirruped: '¦'¦
VDidn't I see you; at* the- Spider's
ban?";' :' :;."-¦¦¦: "¦ v---. ••¦.•/, ¦:": ¦:¦ ,-X<
George ' Cody was , slinking In a door
way .on Third street Thursday night
when Patrolman J.' J. Tinman arrested
him after finding in his possession a
deadly weapon,' to wit, a "Blackjack. .
'.'What's' that you" say?" the defend
ant's attorney asked the officer, in
Judge Cabanlss' . court "Did you say
my client was carrying a flapjack ?" ¦
' ."No, I said he had a blackjack," Till
man answered. /
"What's that— a slapstick?"* queried
the lawyer, with hand to ear. ,
VLet's call It a slipstack and ha' done
with it," said the Judge. Then he gave
Mr. Cody sixty days.
George Williams imagined »he was
stealing Mrs.. Mary Rush's Thanksgiv
ing turkey when he sneaked into the
kitchen of her dwelling, 1045 Fo-lsom
street, last Wednesday evening,' picked
up a pear shaped bundle from the table
and ran away with it. His exit was
witnessed by one of Mrs. Rush's neigh
bors, who shrieked -an alarm,, and the
ensuing chase .was concluded by the
fugitive's capture In | Columbia square.;
Then it was found that his plunder was
not a turkey, but a complete ham.
Judge Conlan apparently considered
the quality of the loot or no conse
quence, for he sentenced Mr. Williams
to six months' imprisonment.
With banjo music and bottled beer
Miss Lulu Alexander (colored) and
Miss Violet Fraser (also colored) were
pleasantly whillng aWay Thanksgiving
afternoon in the former lady's boudoir
In Hlnckley alley, when Signor Giusep
pi Castrano, redolent or fish, rudely
routed the harmony by dropping in and
Insisting that Miss Fraser dance with
him to the string twanging of Miss
Alexander. Miss Fraser declined to
trip a measure with a person to whom
she had not been formally introduced
and Miss Alexander called Signer Cas
trano "a fool dago" and burst the F
string of her instrument by smiting
him upon the head with it. ¦.- She was
arrested and accused or disturbing the
peace, but Judge Fritz pronounced Sig
nor Castrano's Intrusion absolutely un
warranted and dismissed the case.
Michael Foley, teamster, was whip
ping his horse unnecessarily on Post
street, between Jones and Taylor, when
Mrs. L. J. Wheelock of 247 O'Farrell
street begged him to desist. Mr. Foley
requested her to attend to her own
business, and In resentment of her in
terference lashed the beast more vig
orously than before.
"If you don't stop I'll get you arrest
ed," said Mrs. Wheelock.
"Where'll you get your cop?" inquired
Mr. Foley. still plying his whip.
Mrs. Wheelock answered the query
by walking around a corner and tele
phoning her, complaint to the nearest
police station. Then she returned to
Mr. Foley and entertained him by de
nouncing his conduct until a patrolman,
sent in response to her summons,
caught him fairly in the act of exhibit
ing his defiance by punishing the un
fortunate animal with augmented se
verity.
Judge Conlan complimented Mrs.
Wheelock and ordered Mr. Foley to re
appear this morning for sentence.
"Stop nothin'," repeated the defend
ant in a louder key. "If you're deaf I'll
sing it to you," and she restored her
attention to sister Anna's testimony
and resumed her running comment on
it, while Hickey stood as one petrified
and all the court wondered. Bailiff Ma
honey was first to emerge from the
spell. He grasped Miss Kelly's should
er with no gentle hand and in stern
whisper commanded her to abstain
from talking until she was summoned
to the witness stand, but she shook oft
his clutch and turning upon him ex
claimed: "Well, I declare what are you
buttin' in for I'd like to know; haven't
I just said 'Stop nothin',' and you can
bet your life I mean it. Nice thing I'm
sure if a lady can't speak without lies
being told about her but I'm going to
have my Eay if—"
It was at that juncture the abrupt
passing of sentence transformed Miss
Kelly's volubility into the laugh, pro
longed and derisive.
"Stop nothin'," retorted Miss Kelly,
saucily tossing her head until the bead
bangles on her hat rattled like a casta
net solo. ;
"What's that?" gasped the bailiff,
with portentous frown.
MIss Teresa Kelly's declination to be
silenced by reproving glances from Po
lice Judge Mogan created no sensation
in court, but when she openly defied
the previously unquestioned authority
of Bailiff Hickey the other attaches of
the tribunal gasped and were spell
bound. From the moment she 'was
placed before the bench to answer a
charge of disturbing the peace until she
was sentenced to three months' impris
onment Miss Kelly's tongue never
ceased to wag, and even then she only
stopped talking to utter a loud and de
risive laugh that was sustained until
she disappeared jailward.
It was the peace of her sister, Mrs.
Anna Gaynor of 508 Minna street, that
Miss Kelly disturbed. After smashing
several treasured household gods be
longing to sister Anna she had threat
ened to burn down that lady's home,
and was proceeding to put the threat
into execution when her arrest vras ef
fected as a preventive measure. While
the. complaining witness was narrating
her grievance the defendant rapidly in
terjected contradictions until Bailiff
Hickey turned upon her a baleful eye
and ejaculated in peremptory tone,
"Stop that!"
For smiting George P. McDonald,
machinist, on the head with a walrus
tusk and thereby inflicting a skull frac
ture, C. G. , Bolsdorf, saloon-keeper at
Fourth and Howard streets, will be
tried before.' Judge Mogan on December
5, by which time McDonald may have
been released from the hospital to
which he was sent for treatment. The
charge against Bolsdorf is that of as-
• • *
»Ida Nelson was sent to the Superior
Court to answer, the charge of having
robbed Captain Coos, a scow schooner
mariner, of his finger ring and $19 cash.
Judge Mogan fixed the woman's bail
at 51000.
Abe Raymond (colored) warned Pa
trolman Alpers as he valued his star
to refrain from arresting him for va
grancy, as he (Abe) had a "pull" with
the police magistrates that would make
his conviction of any offense less seri
ous than murder a sheer impossibility.
The officer took a chance, however,
and Abe's allegation was disproved. by
Judge Conlan • sentencing Him to three
months in the County Jail.
• • •
Andrew Bahrs, a teamster, accused
of disturbing the peace by Patrolman
Edwards, told a'story to Judge Fritz
that resulted in a continuance of the
case for one week.
| While walking with his wife and an
other lady along Powell street at about
1 o'clock Thursday morning, Bahrs
stated, they were passing Edwards
when he uttered an insulting remark
to the woman and rewarded their es
cort's remonstrance by arresting him.
Bahrs opined that the officer was in
toxicated and declares he will lay the
matter before the Police Commission
ers. •
• • . . #
Miss Day meant by singing the refrain
of "Alexander" with loud voice at 6:30
o'clock Thursday morning in an unoc
cupied barn at Fifteenth and Shotwell
streets., .
"Oh, that?" she said, with striking
cheerfulness. "Well, it was this way:
You see, I was at Spicier Kelly's ball
in the Pavilion and didn't get away
till 6 o'clock and when I went home
my 'jlks weren't awake and I didn't
want to bother them, so I went into the
(barn to wait till there'd be something
doing in the I house and I suppose I
started a-singing to keep myself com
pany, though what harm there was in
that I'm sure I don't know. But say,
didn't I see ' you "
. "Continued till Monday," was the
harsh interruption.
Miss Day is abc/ut 23 years of age and
rather pretty. ,
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
BAILIFF HICKEY IS DAZED
His Vaunted Power Scoffed At
WOMAN'S TONGUE WAGS
DEFIANCE AT COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1904.
16
HALE'S; | HALE'S. { HALE'S.
ti&J&gffl W . Hale's Open To-Night and Every Saturday Night Till Christmas.
95c for Flannel Waists
2-Quart-Hot Water One of them pictured here.
Bag at 75c.; Splendidly made with plaits from the shoulder seam down the
It's the first item from the drus:- , .>- front •' lar^e sleeves : brown, blue, tan,
store to-day and unusually interest- ' &
ing, for it's an unusual hot water mBBS&fc & ra >" anc^ g r een ; Sizes 32 to 44.
bag One we have had made spe- <$&&3 The warmer winter waists every woman is
cially for us; made. specially strong •*. W wearing now. Splendid value at full price;
and good, so it won t leak or burst. . \*f brings you an exceotional opportunity to-
2 quart size at 75c. - ' \^!&L day at 9Sc, and- ;M,^:
i^V\®TO ' At 81^5-Flannel .aist. S ize S 32 to 44. Come
English bristles, hard wood blcks of J//AA\\WwAi with stitched box in ravy royal, red,
real ebony and rosewood. A few t/'PA -\ 'AWWA pleated front; 5 pleats black and gray-
samples we happened to get! Many //&fMWi'& ":Br-i : .l" 1 on either side, tab col- At $lt7S —^ handsome
of them worth $2.00. ¦ //V^KtM-f sRkI <fol lar. full sleeves. Come French nannel waist.
Camilla race Powder, 85c box— -Large K&*&AU>il $M< W in castor, black, green. plaited front and
sized box. highly perfumed, soft vel- \fK t V\VO\«3//i-i;7i/ / white. rose. P«nK. back, tab collar, two
vet powder. l^'^SriEei&Vfel:// QCc liavy and 4J cardinaI : pleats down - each
Triplicate Mirror*. 25c— Nickel plated. WfcZebf^&Mll&t sizes 32 to 44. , . "sleeve to elbow;
with good, clear plass and hanging At S1.50 — Albatross and sleeves very full.
chain. Ifandy as can be for shaving. /Mw\vFnTr : l'\ flannel waists, plaited Come in pink, blue.
Ounce Perfume, 15o — Lasting odors of /O7 a x* Wwl\\l) fronts and backs, with red. black, green and
violet, white rose, carnation and I 1 "f «7r^ large bell sleeves, tab lavender; sizes 22 to
other odors. ' jr collar, metal buttons; 44.
StiHh Millinery To=D^ SSfatffiK
l\fp\A7 PrirPQ Th^f &\re±rc\Cte± H^if Santa Claus has outdone himself
nCW ri ILCb 1 IldL /WeidgC ndir this year and just seems to be tak-
To-day 1015 ready-to-wear hats on sale at prices that aver- in S delight in making us scurry to
age half those they were marked yesterday. / ££ "^ ~g^ "" """^
45c for $1.00 hats, 95c for $1.75 hats, $1.35 for $2.50 hats. He has crO wded us so on the third
It's (uraove that concerns the under pricing of all our ready-to-wear * oor that we have had to go to th«
hats. It'sSi move we take now. earlier than Is necessary, because It's an fourth floor and take twice as much
opportunity you will appreciate now more than later, and It will result In room as we did last year ror tne wneel
quicker, bigger sales for. us. But to the prices: toys and doll furniture.
At 45C 298 ready-to-wear hats that Af 6 * c 277 ready-to-wear hats new.S.Te S^.^toy *
/\t 4OC W ere $1.00. All colors and "I "•'C here, in all colors and near- S 7»- « « T^t • ,, ln ,_ „„,.
dozens of different styles. ly every style; were $1.00; at 6Sc. S * f fJ?'» Ol % i^fTT t *t T-c- Jr
At 95C 296 hats, that were $1.75. A f $ 1 35 143 h , at! \, r^^°- fbsoluTely^armless^sho^Ts rubber
rtl y^ ready-to-wears, individual, ru, Vl.oo. wears, in all the colors balls smd paper caps 48c.
¦£i C nr ml «! Snd styli3h; nearly every f??o nearIy eVCry StylC: W " e J2 -°° and 8-lnci Drum, 200-Regular 35c drum.
color 95c. ¦+£ 52.50. - - v .:: with metal sides and rims, nicely
And the children haven't been forgotten, for here are beaverettea and painted, sheepskin head. They will
mohair felta at 45o; worth $1.00. And — go ou t a t double-quick to-day. 2Oc.
~TT7 „,.,, T" • j-»i_ «i j » u j. 1- -r> w^. I TJprijrlit Piano. 31c — Rosewood finish.
We Will Trim Children's Hats Free To-Day. with s keys.
I Tenpins, 18c 'box— 6-lnch ones, of hard
" wood, nicely striped.
T« fv f ¥ J -. aT* A- Stuffed Animals, 8c — Of felt, such aa
O=llflV S \C\&fl fll NflfitV dogs. cats, rabbits; 5 inches long.
i *:<,"- *-'**' J Z* iUVa \JM. 4^ailtJ Mechanical Train. 59c— Without the
t^ - ,,. _ jt - /-. » , « -r^ ' . 1 track, with locomotive, tender and
Drawn by Miss tthel Crossley, 12 years old, 204 Devisadero two passenger coaches, two express
street, wins $5.00. : " coache3 and two flat cara -
You have just as good a chance to win $5.00 yourself, if you
im . /jr/y-v^^ are under 15, for we are Saturday Candy.
!§ s/^*£\ ¦ ¦ rf 2 . f .. A!J? going to give $100 in Chewing peppermints at 20c in-
• 5 !!r f'J?~^ \ ' C^ —^^Ti&£**ig3 J 3 priz^ s to 2O a stead of 25c. Molasses chewing
; if5-'>^&-«^U«F^ T P 5^^ d r e ?- Dr 2. W yO H!" Id 5 a peppermints, fresh and K ood. We
« ffliTlLtirV4zm //,/;•« K^P^nl of Santa Claus. but be have had an cspec ially large lot
Hl'J^^^fuS^-'^ik^J^^ original; don t copy or made for a i arge sa j e to-day. 20c
•51 /4^H^\r W~--(zr- " trace - 9 n th , e same instead of 2Sc lb.
**$ A \ \)h • 'N?L A '.t > R_.. l r paper write a four-line stuffed Sates and Tlgw, 10c box.
.3?* A , \ ,j t | , ijfcf-fpTTiu'uu^ verse containing the -:-; : .^ .^_____
V>^ ( » ' J W;i " ''¦ '' words "Santa Claus"
, and "Hale's." Send it
%uuJ\\^iuiJ\,irL*' : J.Jivn.Cf4.c^.tkxji.a^tA, to Santa Claus, at /&/ Jt>G&b& ¦f pm *
<W tAi^y^. A, t/u a;l^ a-nct J~nfa .. Hale's or drop it in the ffl /ffl <&&£'42&§£r
•*&?£$£?' Santa Claus picture box. MJ^QoZZTZZZC^^
b r J^.CL-uu^<YMtA'&y. at the front entrance: "^*rrrr- "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Oriental Goods |
§ At Wholesale Prices Jj
J We Offer Oar Entire Extra Fine I
| Collection of - i
| ORIENTAL RUGS 1
I '•¦ AND CURTAINS 1
1 25<& DISCOUNT f
g From Regular Retail Prices S
g We arc Sole Agents for John 8
8; Crcsslsy &. Son's Celebrated %
g^ English Carpets. §
|^Ghas.M.PluiTj&eo. 1
I Cor. NinthVand Market Sts. |
APVEKTLS \12MEX_ TS. _^^^
38 and 40 THIRD STREET.
OPEN ALL NICHT. PHONE BUSH 51.
LARGEST CUT-RATE STORE
IN THE CITY.
LANFS KIDNEY AND LIVER CURE l^Q,
The greatest kidney medicine on the market I C/ V
HOSTETTER'S BITTERS -•• gQr>
Regular $J.00. The old standard. \JsJVj
POND'S EXTRACT 33C
a -mi ¦ i <yg» tt A TO X7T/~/^'D f^ X* n
Re r ulax$J.Oa VOl,
MACKENZDETS KOLA CELERY COMPOUND. . . CZ Kn
Regular $ 1.00. A true nerve restorer. V \JU\j
COTTON ABSORBENT OP\/>
MALT EXTRACT (Shllle/s), bottle A P\r>
The very best made. v Dozen S1.50 ± OKj
PIERRPS FRENCH HAIR RESTORER PL() n
Regular $UO0. The best article on the market for "UU
restoring: the color to gray hair.
QUININE PILLS, bottle of J00 Ofin
SOAP BOX AND SOAP, regular 40c- O Cp
Aluminum box and transparent glycerine soap. £d*J\s
TOOTH POWDER AND BRUSH, regular 50c .... OCp
Eastman's old favorite powder and 25c tooth brush. « ti v
HAIR BRUSHES : 9P\P
Regular 50c /; £kO\j
THE OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY- QKn
Regular $*.25. The perfection of whisky. OO\j
CHEST PROTECTORS A(\p
Regular 50c Finest quality. '±\JKj
ad y KRTisjbiAiEyrs.
yidams:
IRISH
MOSS
COUGH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBSTD BT THE BEST .
PHTS1CXANS FOR
CoTurhs. Golds. Xoarstness, Bron-
chltls. Croup in Children, and
All Throat and lunar Troubles
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
doctor says "COOTUVPTZOV."
25c: 50c AT All. DSUOOISTa
CURES IN A DAY
; ¦ _J
j ; Promotes the growtn of the hair and ',
' ; glTes It the lustre and aUktoesa of youth. :
J • When . the - hair la gray or faded tt
|! BRINGS BACX THE YOUTHFUL COLOR: '•
J I It prorents Dandraff and hair fcntw^ ; !
< and beeps the scalp clean and healthy. ;
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE MRRANTED
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
Beautiful Music Rol!s and Cases
ADVERTISEMENTS. '_ _ ¦'¦'... '
JtSwlH^lBSwtel The freshest, toothsomest eat-
ffflKE«B8fflfflK ing chocoIate >' ou ever tasted.
M(lvli4ira?ffifesSi Fresher than the imported.
liBBRlSwiBSi Try a P acka s e at your
S8Hll^*^^W con fectioner or grocer.
- - - MARKS JBROS. _
We've Placed on 'Sale
JUST 100
BUNABOUT
SKIRTS.
Bought them 'way under the
regular price and selling them
the same way. They're $5,00
to $7.50 values. Marked them
to sell special to-day at
Large variety, of colors, styles
and all the winter- weight mate-
rials to select from.
BOCK-BOTTOM PRICE for these
O VEK-COLIu&.BS, < like cut ; embroid-
ered in silk. In all colon, but it's
cleanintr-np time for holiday troodg.
We must reduce our stock. -
j K MfB \m%r-*^? 1
oxford Waists cq a
N $1.00 nil— To : D«i www
Made with full nonch, taoked front
ana back, neat . stock.' full sleeves.
WOMEN'S^ALLOVER
¦ UCEiOSE OOp
, • -35c.Hose L'L a
MARKS BROS.
, The Home of Honest Values
i22O'\224MsMa&isir^i