Besiegers Are Making No Headway
PORT ARTHUR REPELS
TERRIFIC ONSLAUGHT
SLAV IIUMANTTY TOWARD THE FOE — SOLDIER SUCCORING WOUNDED JAPANESE OFFICER.
' I rOKIO, Nov. 27, 6:30 p. m. — Imperial headquarters has just issued the
* following announcement: '*The works having been nearly completed for our
attack against Sungshu Mountain (Port Arthur) and the forts lying eastward
therefrom, a general assault was made from the afternoon of November 26, but
owing to the enemy's stubborn resistance our object has not yet been accomplished.
The fighting still continues."
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov.; 2 7.— The two
companies of the ~ Fourth .Constabu
lary ,' ' numbering ,¦ 2 80 ; men V- arid four-"
teen officers, not -including: the" band,
under . the command ¦ of '. Major- A. D.
Haskell. departed to-night for San
Constabnlary En Route nere.
Felton Sent to the Tom
NEW YORK. Nov. 27. — Frank Fel
ton. charged with the murder of Guy
Tioche. the gambler who was shot in
Broadway on Thursday afternoon and
who died last night, was arraigned to
day before Coroner Scholer and re
manded to the Tombs until Monday,
trhen the question of admitting him to
ball will be decided by the Coroner
after a conference with District At-
War News Continued on Page Two.
Remains; Supposed, to. Be Those of M.
J. Byrnes, Representative of
a San Francisco Firm.
SAN' JOSE, Nov. 27.— The body of a
manisupposed to be II. J. Byrnes; a
traveling salesman for Young & Beale,
dealers in willow, ware, of. San Fran
cisco, was ; found ; beside, the railroad
track near Hillsdale this morning.". It
is believed he fell from' an' early morn-
Ins freight train.
PARIS.- Nov. 27.— The \ third tri
bunal fof the Seine has decided "to l:ear
the .Rejane-Porel divorce Jcase on
Monday next. -It was understood that
Madame Rejane and *. her husband,
M.,Porel.. director of the Vaudeville
Theater, had ;become reconciled dur
ing the summer, but the fixing of the
date i for the formal hearing . indicates
that the breach continues.*
Report That the Actress and Her
V Husband Had Become !Recon-
V died Proves Untme.
TRAVELER'S BODY FOUXD
i BESIDE RAILROAD TRACK
FRENCH COURT SETS DATE
1 FOR REJANE DIVORCE CASE
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 27. — As
soon an the new Russo-Germah treaty
is ratified Russia expects to open ne
gotiations for the revision of commer
cial treaties with other powers. One
of the most important results doubt
less will be the ending of the trade
war with the United States, which
arose over the imposition of a coun
tervailing- duty on Russian sugar a.
few years ago. Russia retaliated." im
posing the maximum duty on Ameri
can goods, practically ending Ameri
can importations and destroying the
growing Russian market for Ameri
can manufactured goods. The loss to
American trade has been about $10.
000.000 annually.
St. Petersburg to Negotiate for a
Commercial Agreement With
the United States.
LONDON. Nov. 28. — The progress
of the Russian Second Pacific squad
ron excites daily growing interest A
Japanese correspondent of the Morn-
Ing Post, discussing possible prepara
tions to meet the squadron, suggests
that Japan rely upon the older, war-
Ehips to maintain the blockade of
Port Arthur. (In fact, the'corre
spondent asserts they already are so
employed) and thus enable Togo to
release his more modern vessels for
an overhauling at Sasebo, preparatory
to meeting Admiral - Rojestvensky.
SUEZ, Nov. 27. — Vice Admiral
Volkersam's division - of the Russian
Second Pacific squadron sailed this
morning escorted by Egyptian Coast
Guard cruisers.
First Division of Baltic Ships Pro
ceeds Toward Orient.
FLEET SAILS FROM SUEZ.
NEW TREATY 31 AY EXD
TRADE WAR WITH RUSSIA
SALONICA, European Turkey, Nov.
27.— The Bulgarian revolutionary
movement has recently- assumed such
alarming proportions that the Sultan
is sending Nazir Pasha to Salonlca as
special envoy with Instructions to take
all the measures necessary to sup
press the Bulgarian movement by the
quickest possible methods. Ten bat
talions" from Albania are expected
here soon* "and the Redifs will prob
ably be . mobilized in order to afford
effective military protection in every
village of Macedonia.
Sultan Orders the Uprising Put Down
by the Quickest Possible
Movement.
TAKES STEPS TO, CRUSH
BULGARIAN MO VEMEXT
The plans were laid some time ago
and were carried on under cover' of
the little excitement caused by the ru
mor that "the steel trust would take
the Erie road for its own. It comes
out now that the trust never wanted
the Erie, but had all along figured on
having a line of its own.
Failure to get greater special reduc
tions on rates for their product is the
causa given here for the building 1 of the
now line , by the Bessemer . people, in
cluding Carnegie and others interested
directly or otherwise in* the big steel
trust. . ' rf i". :
NEWCASTLE, Pa:, Nov. 27. — The
story sent out from Chicago some days
ago that the United States Steel Cor
poration had decided to build a rail
road of Its own from Chicago to tide
water to carry its products appears to
have been more truth than poetry. It
was announced" to-day that the Pitts
burg, Bessemer and Lake Erie Rail
road, which has surveyed its line from
a point near Butler to this place, a dis
tance of thirty miles, is but the first
link in the chain which the big steel
trust intends to forge.
Report That It Would Build Line
From Chicaaro Apparently Is •
Confirmed.
STEEL TRUST WILL OWN
RAILROAD TO SEABOARD
. CHEYENNE.. Wyo., Nov. 27.— Mrs.
Nancy Richardson, a ranch woman of
Fort Bridger, Wyo., some time ago
confessed that it was she who shot
Mrs. Leona de Mars, a neighbor, who
was wounded during a fight over the
division of irrigation water last Au
gust and died a few days ago. Mrs.
Richardson said she was prepared to
euffer any penalty, even death. Her
confession was made to shield George
Renner, her son-lrf-law, who is a
prominent ranchman of Fort Bridger.
Renner, however, is now in Jail, pre
pared to make a full confession, and
Mrs. Richardson has been discharged.
• At the time of the fight it was sup
posed that Mrs. Richardson did\ the
shooting, but admissions of Rehner
and his mother-in-law show that Ren
ner was disguised as Mrs. Richardson,
What gave the officers a clew was the
statement of the dying woman that
her assailant, although she resembled
Mrs. Richardson, threw stones at her
with the force and accuracy of a man
and his voice was distinctly masculine.
Mrs. Richardson,, It is now learned,
was secreted in i the brush and wit
nessed the assault. The crime shocked
all Wyoming and its surprising sequel
has caused a sensation.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— Lee Cohen, a
juror in the 0*Donnell will case 1 , now
being heard here In the special term of
the Supreme Court before Justice
Bettf, vr»s arrested to-day charged
with offering to "fix" the jury for a
monetary consideration of $1000. J. T.
Kan*.per. 23 years of age, who is al
leged to have conducted the negotia
tions, xras arrested at the same time on
a similar charge.
On November 14 three sons of the
late Neal O'Dor.nell and other relatives
joined issue in the Supreme Court for
the possession of the estate of Neal
O'Donnell and his brother Hugh, who
left their- property, aggregating more
than $1,000,000, to charity '
Last week, according to a statement
made by AssiFtact District Attor
ney Gans, J. T. Hamper told an
attorney for one of the contest
ants while the trial was going on
that th* Jurv could be fixed. The
District Attorney was notified and ne
gotiations were conducted under h!s
supervision. A conference was ar
ranged to which, it is alleged. Kamper
brought Cohn. who said he was sure
that others rf the Jury could be
brought to his way of thinking and
that the job could be done for $1000,
out of which he would settle with
Kamper. Another meeting with repre
sentatives of the District Attorney was
agreed upon for to-day, and when Cohn
and Kamper appeared they were ar
rested.
. WASHINGTON. Nov. 37. — More
than 1,000.000 names are on the pen
sion roll, the largest number since the
Civil War. All a veteran now . has to
do to get a pension Is upon reaching
the age of 62 years to make affidavit
of this fact and a pension is im
mediately granted.
Commissioner Ware will leave the
office on December 15, but having
two weeks' leave of absence will not
actually retire until January 1. Cap
tain- F. M. Kelly of Illinois, the second
.deputy commissioner, has the endorse
ment of. Senators Cullom and Hop
kins and the entire Illinois delegation
in Congress for the place, and hV»
friends believe he has a good chance
of receiving the appointment.
List of Pensioners Is Xmv Greater
Than at Any lime Since the
Civil "War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attempt to Fix Big
Will Contest
Alleged,
OVER A 3ITLUOX XA3IES
OX THE PENSION' ROLL
"The fighting," General Kuropatkln
says, "was fierce, almost amounting to
a bayonet engagement, but the enemy
was everywhere repulsed and suffered
Eeverely. The attack was renewed the
following morning, the Japanese hav
ing been reinforced, but again was re
pulsed, and at 4 o'clock in the after
noon a blizzard and fog greatly hin
dered artillery fire. The Japanese con
tinued to advance under cover of the
fog, but our forces held their posi
tions and the firing subsequently slack
ened. The Russian losses were nine
killed and fifty-seven wounded.
"On November 26 the Japanese re
sumed the offensive and endeavored to
envelop our left flank, while advanc
ing against our center. I have received
no later reports."
General Kuropatkln also describes
the bayoneting of twenty Japanese be
longing to a patrol during a recon
nolssance on the night of November 25.
General Kuropatkin telegraphs a de-
Ecription of a Japanese attack on No
vember 24 against a Russian detach
ment near Esinkhetchen, on the front
or the left flank.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 27.— The
Japanese attempt to turn General Ren
cenkampff'8 left, as reported by Gen
eral Kuropatkln, has failed, according
to a dispatch from Mukden which has
been received here.
Woman's Confession
of Murder Is
False.
LONDON. Nov. 27.— The Daily Tele
graph's correspondent at Chefu hears
that many of Admiral Togo's vessels
are being docked and repairs are in
preparation for eventualities. The
Fame correspondent also gives a rumor
that the Japanese assault on Port Ar
thur has been repulsed with heavy loss.
Letters were found addressed to Lid
die Lang, Reichenbach, Saxony, Ger
many, and he repeatedly said she was
waiting there for his return. He prayed
she would never hear of his downfall.
He was arrested last Tuesday at the
Grand Hotel, where he had registered
as Clement Christian Lauteren. He was
charged with being a hotel thief. He
was wanted In Indianapolis; Louisville,
St. Louis and other cities for hotel rob
teries.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 27.— A man be
lieved to be prominently, connected in
Germany committed suicide by hanging
himself in his cell at the Central police
station here to-day- He was registered
as "Max Rlckhardt, aged 27/ Germany,"
at the police headquarters. He he reg
istered at three hotels here under dif
ferent names and under other names In
St. Louis and elsewhere throughout the
country he was called "The German
Prince of Many Aliases." He was 'tall,
fine looking and faultlessly dressed. To
day he was moaning about "Liddle,"
end repeatedly said: "She will never
know what became of me."
WOULD HANG
TO SAVE HER
SON-IN-LAW
ARRESTED
FOR JURY
TAMPERING
Japanese Fail to
Turn Kuropat
kiivs Left.
German, Believed to Be Well
Connected in Europe, Ends
His Life % in Cincinnati
It is claimed that John Wilson had
an uncontrollable temper and beat and
maltreated his wife, leaving upon her
body scars which she will carry to the
grave. The day before her divorce de
cree was entered Wilson took their
three children, aged 3. 5 and 7 years,
and secretly departed. The mother.
who had been awarded the children
became almost frantic. After months
of searching, by accident the children
were found to be in Oklahoma. Before
Mrs. Wilson could reach there Wilson
came to Washington, settling In the
woods near L-vnden. Mrs. Wilson re
newed the search, finally locating her
babies.
TACOMA. Nov. 27.— After searching
for nearly a vear over a thousand
miles of territory for her three chil
dren, who had been abducted by her
divorced husband, Ida Wilson of Odin,
Indiana, has located her babies in a se
cluded spot in the forests of West Ta
coma County. Her attorney is to-day
at Bellingham. awaiting the return ,of
Sheriff Thomas, who was sent after the
children after securing a warrant from
the Superior Court yesterday. , : .
Eoeclal Dispatch to Th» Call.
SOMERSET. Pa., Nov. 27.— Frederick
M. Baker. 22 years of age, whose
father, Jeremiah Baker, lives five miles
north of Somerset, is held a military
prisoner at San Francisco and is des
tined to spend his life behind the pris/
on walls unless an appeal for clemency
soon to be made to President Roose
velt meets with executive approval.
Young Baker enlisted in the marine
service at San Francisco without the
knowledge or consent of his parents
and claims that while he was attached
to the cruiser Charleston; which was
lost on the rocks in the Philippines, he
was captured by the insurgent forces
while on shore leave on the island of
Cebu. He was held prisoner until Jan
uary, 1900, when, with a view to es
caping the barbarous treatment ac
corded him by his captors, he was In
duced to take service with them, which
he. did, he says, with the mental- re
solve that he would make his escape
to the United States forces at the first
opportunity.
He escaped six months later and gave
himself up to the American officers
only to be arrested and court martlaled
for treason. He was convicted and sen
tenced to life imprisonment.
Much Interest has been aroused at
Somerset in behalf of the young man
and an effort will be made to have
Congressman A. F. Cooper take charge
of his case. "r ; y .
PREFERS DEATH
TO DISGRACE
Special Dlcpatch to The CalL
Woman From Whom Three
Little Ones Had Been Stolen
Finds Babes in the Woods
President to Be Asked to
Take Up Case of Baker
in Jail Here for Treason
MOTHER'S LONG
SEARCH ENDED
FRIEND S WORK
TO FREE HIM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Nov. 27.—
Lost on Pike's Peak, forced to sleep in
the open and narrowly escaping death
from the flames of a bonfire was the
experience of Miss Maude " Arnold, a
wealthy Chicago girl, whose father, B.
J. Arnold, is the consulting engineer
of the New York Subway Construction
Company. In company with her broth
er, 14 years old, and Harold Maurer, of
Chicago, Miss Arnold, who is 19 years
of age, -scaled Cameron's Cone to the
south of Pike's Peak on Saturday. In
attempting to make the descent the
three lost their way, and, darkness
coming on, were compelled to spend the
night In the open.
The_trio fell. asleep beside a bonfire,
but later were awakened by the explo
sion of the comb in 'Miss Arnold's hair.
She was soon enveloped in flames.
Heroic efforts were required to smother
the 1 fire and save the xoung woman's
life.' and as It was much of her beau
tiful hair was destroyed.
. - A searching party was sent out early"
Sunday morning, but the trio returned
to Colorado Springs alone. Miss Ar
nold Is suffering from the shock. of her
experience, and her mother, who is an
Invar (J. is prostrated as* a result of it-
..JMaiu-er.waa on his way^from;Cbicag©
to r Starifbrd~TJhiversity ;and stopped off
in Colorado Springs- to. visit the Ar
nolds.; He is the son of a wealthy Chl
cagoan. Maurer will leave Colorodo
Springs for California to-morrow and
immediately take up his work at the
university.
The quick work on Maurer's part was
probably all that" saved Miss Arnold
from a horrible death. Maurer was the
first to awaken after ¦ the explosion.
With his coat he succeeded In cmother
ing the names which were enveloping
the girl.
LAS VEGAS. N. Mex v Nov. 27.—Colo
nel j: Francisco Chaves, - Delegate in
Congress from New Mexico for three
terms, for twenty years a member of
the Territorial Senate, for ten years its
president, later Superintendent of Pub-.
He Instruction, and known widely as a
Republican leader of New Mexico, was
shot dead at 7 o'clock last evening. Col
onel Chaves had finished his supper. at
his ranch in Pinas Wells, and was sit
ting by an uncurtained; window .rea'd
ln?, when some one fired from without,
killing him Instantly..!; Word was sent
to Santa Fe, a hundred miles away,
this morning and fifty -.men with blood
hounds were sent to the district. .. :
The Chaves family has been promi
nent in New Mexico for years. Colonel
Chaves' grandfather, ' • Francisco . X.
Chaves, came originally ; from Spain.
Another member of the family was the
Governor of New Mexico under the
Mexican rule in 1S46. -One of his broth
ers, . Felipe Chaves, is a banker in
Belen.. N. Hex. Colonel Chaves was an
attorney,- and last year he relentlessly
prosecuted . the stock: thieves .in his
county. He had recently^ had trouble
with. rustlers who interfered- with his
sheep ranches. It is:belleved the mur
derer, is. a revengeful stockman, -i: ;
¦*»'• •.•--'"?i'-v > T. . — o * " - *• ~ -' t.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Murder Believed to Have Been the
.-'•¦¦¦ 5 :
Act of Revengeful Stockman
of the District
MiS3 Maude Arnold, a Wealthy Chicago
Girl, Saved by Stanford Student
Who Was With Her.
Bullet Fired Througli the
j Window Takes Life ol
Colonel Cbayes, '
Sleeping In Open, Her Comb
; Explodes From t Blaze
¦Site Started.
"When seen by a Call reporter Cor
oner Shepard had little to say beyond
admitting that the stolen money had
been found. Shepard said he hoped
that he would have no trouble with
th<» bank officials in getting the $1500
reward offered by them.
"Not so much for myself." said
Shepard. "but I do want to see my
three assistants — Geer, Dependener
and Monaghan — well paid."
Sheriff Keena, when Interviewed to
day, said: "There are many things
which I cannot tell the public at thl3
time. The finding of the bank money
was the missing link which proves
Adolph Weber guilty of the robbery
charge. Shepard has been of great
assistance to me in both cases and he
is entitled to the reward, and will
get it."
Under Sheriff May stll believes that
Weber may have purchased the pistol
in Auburn and has been devoting his
efforts to several clews which point
that way.
The question of who shall be ad
ministrator of the Weber estate will not
be settled to-morrow. Special Ad
ministrator Shepard, who is the Coun
ty's Public Administrator, has filed, an
opposition to the petition of John
Adams. Adolph "Weber's guardian, for
letters of administration. Shepard'3
contest will stay action by the court
for; two weeks. Sbepard is contesting
the- appointment of Mr. Adams a3 ad
ministrator of the estates of Julius
Weber and Mary Weber, and he has
also filed application for letters upon
the estates of Bertha and* Chester
Weber: • * "
of evidence in the robbery case, and
will probably bring it to trial Imme
diately. There are several links yet to
be found in the murder case. I may
bring up the other murder charges,
that is those of the killing of Julius
Weber. Bertha Weber and little Ches
ter Weber, before the Grand Jury,
which meets next Tuesday, as a pre
cautionary measure. I leave for San
Francisco to-day on other business
and will return Monday night."
QUESTION OF REWARD.
Shepard. is the only man who knows
where the money is now, and he says he
does not know how much there 4s.
Sheriff Keena and Banker Lubeck were
told Thursday of the find, but it was
deemed best not to make It public until
Keena * returned from San Francisco.
Keena got home last night and this
morning read the warrant . to Weber
charging him with the robbery.
Banker Lubeck Is the most surprised
man in town- Though he has looked
upon Adolph Weber with suspicion for
many days and has therefore displayed
considerable interest in the ; youth. He
has not" until to-day, when he was
summoned by Weber to his cell, and
made an effort to see the youth- Lu
beck was seen after his interview with
the youth, and said:
: "He is a remarkable specimen of hu
manity. Why, he actually laughed at
me."
•It is now probable 'that the rob
bery charge will be heard before young
Weber is placed on trial for the murder
of his mother. District Attorney Rob
inson said as he stepped on the train
bound for San Francisco this after
noon: "We have a complete chain
Coroner Shepard went to town with
the money, while Geer, Dependener and
Monaghan continued pitching hay as
If nothing had happened.
SECRECY MAINTAINED.
The money was found in the Weber
barn In the cowshed under a* foot of
packed earth and manure. On Tues
day last, the day after the finding of
the pistol, Sheriff Keena and Coroner
Shepard made ur> their minds that
the bank money was not far away
and hit UDOn the barn as the most
likely place. Shepard even suggested
the cowshed, but as they had no pick
and shovel the search was. postponed.
Sheriff Keena went to SJfcramento
Wednesday morning In "search of
some one to identify the pistol and
cartridges.
Shepard engaged • three men, who
have been his trusted lieutenants ever
since the tragedy — Clarence Geer, Ben
Dependener and John Monaghan — to
aid in the search. Borrowing a pitch
fork, they went direct to the barn.
While his assistants were turning over
the hay in the loft Shepard went home
and returned with a pick. This he
put into the hand3 of Clarence Geer
and directed him where to dlff. Be
fore ten minutes had elapsed and
when a hole about a foot deep and as
wide had been dug. the pick struck
an obstruction that gave forth a
metallic sound. "The loose earth was
shoveled out and a five-pound lard
can full of $20««old pieces was un
covered. ''-".'¦• ~ ¦'
At Weber's request Banker Lubeck.
president of the Placer County Bank,
was summoned to the cell. Weber
asked the banker -if he would press
the robbery charge before the con
clusion of the murder trial.
"The law will have to take its
course," answered Lubeck. "I do not
know what course will be pursued."
"Oh." he said, "I thought you had
discovered the motive for the murders."
' There was not a tremor in his voice
and when he took the warrant from
the Sheriff his hand was steady. Hasti
ly he glanced at the paper and then
with a shrug- said:
"This is a trivial matter. It does not
amount to anything. I hope the mur
der charge will be heard first. I want
to get it off my hands."
SENDS FOR BANKER. "•'
The serving of the warrant, in the
eyes of the officers and the bank offi
cials, was more_ than a formal affair.
With them It was the completion of a
chain of evidence that branded Weber
not only as a thief but as a foul and
fiendish murderer, a creature capable of
dyeing his hands in the blood of his
kin to satisfy his love for gold. They
expected that Weber would show some
sign that the mass of evidence against
him was having an effect upon his iron
will,*- that he would weaken and betray
his inmost feelings, and it was even
expected- that the "youth* might "give
up the .hard struggle he is making
against circumstances and confess his
guilt.
'; But they were disappointed. When
Sheriff .Keena stepped • into the cell of
the accused and unfolded the imposing
document that charged the boy with
robbery, young Weber displayed only
curiosity. As the. Sheriff read aloud
the accusing words Weber's eyes glit
tered. Then he smiled, the same con
temptuous emlle that he has worn at
all times since his arrest. .
AUBURN, Nov. 27. — The money
stolen from the Placer County Bank
by a masked bandit last May has been
found and young Adolph "Weber, who
since his arrest on the charge of mur
dering: his father, mother, sister and
brother, has rested under the suspicion
that he was the bold highwayman, who
broad daylight entered the bank and
at the point of a pistol held up the
cashier for $5000, has had the charge
of robbery preferred against him. The
money was found on the Weber prop
erty in a cowshed last "Wednesday by
Coroner Shepard and three assistants.
The discovery of the gold on the
"Weber homestead, in a place not many
feet removed from the spot where was
found the bloody pistol with which
young Weber Is supposed to have dealt
death to his parents, his schoolgirl
sister and crippled brother, is regard
ed as almost proof conclusive that the
prisoner's hist for gold drove him to
commit the two crimes, one foul and
fiendish, the other bold and daring.
Immediately after the gold was
found the bank officials were informed.
The fact that it was found on the
Weber estate caused them to form but
one conclusion — that Adolph "Weber,
as they had long suspected, was the
thief. Cashier Smith swore to a com
plaint charging Weber with the crime
of robbery and a warrant was Issued
by Justice of the Peace Smith. It was
served on Weber in his cell yesterday
morning-.
EXPECTED A SCENE.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LAST LINK IN CHAIN OF EVIDENCE
Young Girl Lost at
Niglat Nearly
Perishes. .
Political Leader ol
New Mexico
Rilled.
Coroner and Three Assistants
JLoeate 1 m uan Jr ull 01
Yellow Coin.
SHOT DOWN
AS HE SAT
AT HOME
ENVELOPED
IN FIRE ON
PIKE'S PEAK
GOLD STOLEN FROM
THE BANK IS FOUND
UNDER WEBER'S BARN
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "The Christian."
CALIFORNIA— "Ftnni*an's BalL"
CENTRAL — 'Tha Little Church Around
the Corner."
COLUMBIA— "Her Own "Way."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "The Shew Girl."
MAJESTIC— "In Mlzxoura."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "King Dodo."
The San Francisco Call.
THE WEATH£R.\ /
— #2gs
Forecast mafle &t San Fratdic© fer
thirty hoars ending- mlinlpht, Novem
ber 28: /
Eaa Francisco and vMnity — Fair
Monday; light wot Trial
g. h. vn^eoK.
Local Fbrecaater.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 181.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1904.LOGAN, Ohio, Nov. 27. — Colonel
Alexander G. Sands died here to-day*
aged 75 years. He was j for years the
Republican leader in Cincinnati, where
he founded the Daily Chronicle, which
was afterward merged into the Times-
Star. " ' " • -.. ;¦¦/..;'-
SEATTLE, Nov. 27.^John.P. Soule,
it pioneer photographer and founder
.'t the 'Soule Art Studios in. New York
eriri died suddenly from . an
nj.'opietlc stroke at his home In this
city this afternoon. He was a native
of Maine and 77 years old.
Colonel Sands Pusses Away.
Pioneer Photographer Dead.
.KANSAS CITY, Nov. 27.— -Brigadier
General Andrew J. Neff ot this city
died at San/Antonio. Tex;," to-day, aged
,79 years. • ¦ ..¦;¦¦ -. ¦.; ¦
Death Calls General Xcff .
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27. — Under
order of the War Department Private
Cecil F. M add ox of . Company E, Fif
teenth Infantry, at the Presidio ol
Monterey, having enlisted under false
pretenses; will be discharged without
honor from the army. •
Orders to navy officers: Gun D.
Geary is detached from the navy yar<:
at Mare Island to the Army and Navj
General Hospital at Hot Sp'rings, Ark.
for treatment. Boatswain W. Jur
aschka will go to San Francisco on De
cember 15 for duty as assistant to the
inspector of equipment at the Union
Iron Works. ;'.
Army and Navy Orders.
The above low sate aftords a splendid chance
to visit ene br California's greatest winter re
eorts. Pleasure 1* kine at Santa, Cruz, and
social cluba and other organizations will find
it an .ideal plac« at which to sj>end the end
of the week. Military band concerts Satur
dayi and Sundays on the beach, mammoth ca
elno, pleasure pier, boating:, flshlnsr, surf bath
ing, t also hot »alt water and plunge baUis.
Beautiful drives along the beach or among the
trees and flowers and a delightful climate,
eunshiny and warm. Tickets on sale Saturdays
at Third and Towneend streets depot, 013 Mar
ket street and { at ferry landing, 1 foot of Mar
ket *treet. ' . • ¦.. • V , -• . ( •
Mondaj\
33.00 . Round Trip, Saturday to
WEEKLY SANTA CRUZ #
EXCURSIONS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. — Post
offices have been discontinued as fol
lows: Gringdale, Alaska, mail going to
Kasaan; Acorn, Humboldt County,
Ca,!., mail going to Korboll; Cornell,
Modoc County, Cal., mail • going to
Jule Lake. Postmasters were commis
sioned Saturday as follows: Califor
nia — Sarah E. Raymond, at Adelaide;
Nfcthan E. Bishop, at Belvedere; Car
rie M. Vanmeter, at Lafayette. •. 4.
California Postal Changes.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27. — Fred II.
Hamlin. tho. well-known theatrical
manager, a member o* the firm of
Hamlin, Mitchell & Fields, disci at his
home here to-night. Ilumlin had been
ill two or three months, but his death
was unexpected. Last nijrht he w<W
taken with a hemorrhage of tho nose,
which was checked. to-dai% however.
Physicians were in constant attend
ance and had assembled. I or a. consul
tation this evening, when the sick
man suddenly became delirious and
twenty minutes later died.
, -Fred R. Hamlin wa3 tho son of
John A. Hamlin, well known in Chi
cago theatrical circles as the man
ager of the Grand Oner.* -house. :md
a brother of Harry A. Kariilln, also
connected with theatrical ventures.
.His theatrical career bejyan about five
years ago with the .production of
"Arizona." Recently he produced
"The Wizard of Oz" and "Babes in
Toyland."
;..This. rock' is considered .one of the
gre.'itest dangers- to navigation that
exists in the .northern waters. Two
British war vessels have been wrecked
upon it and the injury to the United
States cable-ship^Cjifnslde a few days
ago has caused navigators to advance
the proposition of dynamiting the
rock. '
SEATTLE, Nov. 27,— The proposi
tion of removing Ripple Rock, in Sey
mout Narrows, by dynamiting away
enough of the to remove all
obstruction to navigation, is being con
sidered by navigators in this city.:
Steps are being' taken to have the'
scheme carried -but, and, as the rock
is in-. English waters, the Canadian
Government will be asked to lend its
assistance.-- '•--•¦
Mariners *Takc Steps to Have Ripple
/ Rock, in Northern Waters, Re
moved by Dynamite.
Science discovers an occasional truth
and originates many errors.
Probably the rolling stone doesn't
care to pose as a mossback, anyway.
LAST ACT IS OVER
IN THEATRICAL
MAN'S CAREER.
PLAN THE DESTRUCTION
•OF" "FOE "TO NAVIGATION
The warrant was issued a couple of
weeks ago, . but** Fredericks disap
peared. To-day he returned and was
arrested by Constable Shannon. " His
bail was fixed at $1000.- . . ¦
SAN JOSE, Nov. 27. — A. C. Fred
ericks, the former agent of the Fresno
Diamond Company in this city, was
arrested to-day on a charge of felony
embezzlement. The '¦ complaint was
sworn to by W. A. Cannady, secretary
of "the company, who succeeded the
accused " in this city." • Fredericks:- is
charged with appropriating $280
which he collected for-, the >con^pany
to his own, use. j*
Accused. of Crime byJIIs
Successor. 1
Former Oflicial of Diamond Company
• REDDING. Nov. 27. — The 2-year
old child of Mr. and Mrs. Fred John
son of Weaverville got hold of a box
of nrsenlc tablets Thursday and swal
lowed the contents. Fortunately the
(act was discovered immediately,
medicpl 'aid was summoned, and
remocnes were given that saved the
life of the little one.
Child Swallows Arsenic.
"On November 24 the enemy set fire
to Shanktsaimen and most of the vil
lage was burned."
"On the right bank of the Hun River
a body of the enemy's cavalry attacked
Al&machies on November 25, but was
driven back by our force.
TOKIO. Nov. 27.— Manchurian head
quarterp. reporting to-day, says:
"From the night of November 25 until
the morning: of November 26 a body of
the| enemy's infantry attacked our
troops in the vicinities of Sinlungtun
and Shaotakou. but the attack was
completely repulsed by us.
"The enemy's artillery posted to the
east of Ta Mountain vigorously shelled
the vicinities of Machuantzu and Ku
thiatzu from 2 o'clock in the afternoon
of November 26, but we suffered no
damage.
Rejuilsed
Minor Attacks by Russian Troops Are
OYAMA REIH3RTS VICTORIES.
We have earned throughout our history the
reputation of being; an unstable ally. We
abandoned Prince Eusenc and we abandoned
Frederick the Great in the midst of a Joint
wp.r. 1 can forclve a Japanese, who, seeini:
ur run a tonxilo boa« to Kussia, supply the
Ruysian fleet with Welsh ccal and allow that
fl«?t to f»al at Port Said, believes we are fol
lowlnr our worst traditions.
LONDON, Nov. 28. — Sir A. Conan
Doyle, in a letter to the Times, asks if
there is no law to touch the men, who,
it Is alleged, ran the torpedo-boat
Caroline to Libau, adding: -\
Are Assisting Russia.
peploi-c^ the Fact Hint Englishmen
. TACOMA, Nov. 27. — Beginning Sep
tember 1 next Florence Roberts -will
come under the management of John
Cort, manager of the Northwestern
Theatrical Association, an organiza
tion of eighty playhouses in seven
States and Territories.
During her rec«*~*- engagement on
the sound Miss Roberts signed a five
year contract with Cort, which means
that the present season will be her last
under the management of Frederic
Belasco of San Francisco. In the past
Miss Roberts has played no farther
East than Butte and Denver. Next
season she will be sent to St. Paul,
Minneapolis. Kansas City. St. Louis,
New Orleans and thence back through
Texas to Los Angeles.
Actress SUms Contract to Play for Fire
Years Under Direction of
John Cort.
FLORENCE ROBERTS LEAVES
OLD MANAGER FOR NEW
A local poet handed. Consul General
Skinner, for presentation to Presi
dent Roosevelt, a poem in the pro
vincial dialect dedicated to President
Roosevelt and gave the Consul Gen
eral for Mrs. Roosevelt a silver medal,
a fac simile of those given to pro
vincial maidens at the annual May
fetes lii Aries,- when the ancient cos
tumes-and customs are revived.' Skin
ner will- forward the presents to
Washington.
PARIS, Nov. 27. — The Thanksgiv
ing day celebration of the American
colony at Marseilles brought out an
unique tribute from the ancient pro
vincial community of Southern
France. The French ladies who at
tended the celebration wore thf
charming Arlesian costume.
Anciertt 'community Sends Poem to
Executive and Medal to Mrs.
Roosevelt.
FOR PRESIDENT- AND WIFE
GI,FTS FROM THE FRENCH
"Therefore." -concludes Lord Lans
downe. "although neutral traders may
trade in contraband at the risk of
capture, they should bear in mind the
conditions of the English law."
LONDON. Nov. 27. — Foreign Min
ister L.£nsdowne has written a letter
to the Chamber of Shipping, Chamber
of Commerce and other similar bodies
piving further warning with reference
tt> British colliers and the Russian
Hahic squadron, explaining that Brit
ish owners chartering vessels for such
purpose? as following the Russian
fleet with coal and supplies might
render themselves liable to proceed
ings under the foreign enlistment act,
the applicable sections of which he
quotes. Lord Lnnsdowne refers to the
fact that a similar question arose dur*
i:ig the Franco-German war, when
Gladstone laid down the principle that
such colliers, would, to all intents and
purposes, become store ships to the
fleet.
Lansdowtie Says They Will Aid Rus.
*fan Meet at Their Peril
WARNS BRITISH SHIPPKRS.
MUKDEN, Nov. 27.— A terrible storm
was experienced here on Saturday and
residents expect a repetition of such
weather, coincident with typhoons off
the coast, until March. The tempera
ture now is below freezing. The inhab
itants of the leaky huts are in a piti
able condition.
There have been the usual small skir
mishes. Vilmanstanski's sharpshooters
took a Japanese advanced position- on
Saturday, driving out the Japanese at
the point of the bayonet. The latter left
twenty dead and the Kusslan loss was
three. The Japanese attacked the Rus
sian lines at several places, taking ad
vantage of a snowstorm on one occa
sion, but in all cases were repulsed.
The village of Erdago continues to be
the scene of frequent small tights. The
Japanese made a tentative attack there
on November 25, but did not attempt to
push home the attack in the face of
the Russian, artillery fire.
DOYLE REBUKES HIS COUNTRY
Torrible Storm Prevails in the Vicinity
of Mukden*
NEW YORK, Nov. 27. — Mrs. Caro
line Jeanette, proprietor of the Strath
more Hotel in this city, reported to
the police to-night that diamonds
valued at $5000 had disappeared from
her hotel. She said that they were
the property of a guest, Mrs. V. Bene
dict, who Is said to be a daughter of
the late Frederick R- Coudert and" the
wife of the son of E. C. Benedict, the
friend of former President Cleveland.'
According to the story told by the
police as coming from Mrs. Jeanette,
Mrs. Benedict attended the opera
Wednesday night and wore the dia
monds which are now missing. She
went to her room on returniifg and
put the jewels in a chamois bag, which
she left in the room. She reported
that on Thursday she deposited the
jewels in the bag with one of the
clerks. On starting Saturday for
Washington, where she resides, Mrs.
Benedict is said to have made inquiries
for the jewels, but they were not to be
found.
Belonging to Mrs. O. Benedict
Strangely liost.
Gems Worth Five Thousand Dollars
LIMA, Peru. Nov. 27. — It is re
ported here that Senor Martinez, the
Chilean Minister to the United States,
will request the State Department at
Washington to cancel the authoriza
tion of Charles S. Winans. American
Consul at Iquique, to take charge for
a time of the Peruvian consulate at
that place. The request, it is stated,
will be founded on a charge that
Winans has ' given improper bills of
health to steamships leaving Iquique.
While the prevalence of bubonic
plague has not been officially declared
in Chile, it is stated that there are
case3 that the Chilean Government
daily conceals in order that steam
ships may not omit. touching at ports
at which there are -no sanitary regula
tions. This alleged act^n i« consid
ered a great peril to the. Peruvian
¦<Coast, Panama and the entire country
bordering on the Southern Pacific
Ocean.
Improper Bills of Health
In Chile.
Charles Winans Said to Have Given
CHARGES MADE 'AGAINST
AN* AMERICAN CONSUL
Chief- Hodgkins declares that : he has
sufficient evidence. to convict the man
of murder, despite the fact that the
eyidende against him is almost wholly
circumstantial. ¦ Just what the evidence
is will, of course, not be disclosed until
the case is tried, but Hodgkins. during
his three days' stay in Los Angeles,
has discovered evidence which will
serve to greatly strengthen the chain
of circumstances which seems to in
dicate the prisoner's guilt.
Kiniry himself has repeatedly stated
that a verdict of guilty against him
would cause him . no surprise. In an
unguarded moment he dropped a re
mark to a fellow prisoner in the City
Jail here which indicate^ that he would
take desperate chances in any effort
which would prevent his going to Oak
land for trial. After he had been in
formed that- the Oakland Chief of Po
lice was here and would take him away
in a day or two Kiniry said:
"Well, ij/s a long trip to Oakland and
he hasn't got me there yet.- You may
; hear something about that trip later."
> Hodgkins will take no chances with
his prisoner. The man will be hand
cuffed and shackled and will wear an
"Oregon boot." j Unless friends attempt
the foolhardy plan of trying to rescue
him there? is hardly a possibility of his
escaping, for ho has barely recovered
from a pistol shot wound which would
have killed some men and. can hardly
walk. Two deputy sheriffs of this
c6unty will be on the same train tak
ing prisoners to,San Quentin and the
officers will "pool issues, 1 ' making any
attempt to escape a hazardous under
taking.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27.— Chief of
Police Hodgkins of Oakland will leave
for home to-morrow having in custody
P. David-Kiniry, alias Fred West, all
round burglar, professional porch
climber and the- supposed -murderer of
Patrolman Smith *of the Oakland Po
lice Department. But for the fact that
the Oakland officers feel confident of
their ability to convict him of murder,
the Los Angeles authorities would not
surrender Kiniry, for there are no less
than twenty-six cases of burglary and
one of attempted murder against him
here, with evidence sufficient to convict
in practically all of them: Inasmuch as
the murder charge is so much more im
portant, however, the crook will be sur
rendered to Oakland and there tried for
his life. If he is not convicted Kiniry
will be either turned over to the San
Francispo" authorities and tried for sev
eral big burglaries committed in that
city, or returned to Los Angeles for
trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bold Burglar Will
Be Brought Up
From South.
BURGLAR WHO WILL. BE BROUGHT
TO OAKLAND AND TRIED ON
MURDER CHARGE.
.*rtf^1<* VIII — The two contrai-tir.g- partlps
u-dcrtrk^ each to bear on reciprocal terms
the e\ptn*e of th^ Inquire made by it pre
vious to the assembly of t^j commission. The
*xr*-nw incurro.1 by the Internationa! commis
sion p.fter tho dato of its assembly, in orpan
iz'.r.z its staff and conducting th» inv^sLgra
ti-ni- whioh tt will have to make, sha!? be
equally «hcr*d by the two Governments.
In faith whrreof th*> undorsl^rnod ha\-e
sicaed the i:ro?*nt apr<«»ment (declaration) and
efflxed their feaiji to it.
Done in Tiurlicate at Ft. Petersburg. Novem
ber 25, 1904.
Artlrie VII — Th<- commission shall mak* *> It
its deoieiens ty a majority of the votes of the
five cr-rr.n:is(tioners.
Article VI — The commission shall present Its
r^Dort to th<? two hiirh contracting parties.
Firned tiy'«;i tho memhem of the commission.
Article III— "Zh«> commiPiUin shall settle th«
deiat;* of ;irrx-»<jure which it will foilov.- for
th<? pi'n(jO!o» of aoecmplifhlng the task with
v.-M<** tt bw hr-cn entrusted.
>rtie> IV— The two high contracting parties
undertake to supply the commission to the ut
r~.'^t -^f their shilltr with ail the. means and
farllilies iwoesjary. in order !.to «nable it to
acquaint itself thorouirMy and appreciate cor
rft'<' ihe matters tn dispute.
Article V — The commission shall assemble la
Pun* rs soon as r>ofFJb!e after the signature
of ih's ji;r»f>n»nt.
LONDON. Nov. 1*7.— The Foreign Of
fice has issued the fallowing English
translation of lh(T declaration signed
El Si. Poteasburg bv Sir Charles Har
dinge, the British Em'jassador, and
C. >uni 1-amsdorff, the Russian Foreign
jfinister:
His Hriianiilc llajr*ty*8 Government and the
Jr.:;MTia: itui-Fiati Government, having agreed
to t-Mei luto aa ~i::u-rnallo:>al t-Gtnnniaslon of
inquiry, MMnM#d coi/.-rnml-'y witi. Article*
IX to XIV ofiTta* H&ue' oanVcr.tJi.n .>n July
29. ¦. l~y.». for the i>aciflc BttttanMOt »f interna
tional Uifciiutes. with the ta>k cf elucidating
fcy nifar.t tit an fmi^a-tiai and con self ntlOM*
i:. ¦ • .-:*;.:»: <¦ '.: the questions of fnct <<inntc - ti~J
w!th the Incident whirh aotuitwi during tli?
n:;ht oT Ot-tol»er 21-22, :W4. fn 'th«» Xorth
fcea ion Whldi occasion '.he 21ri:iK o.' k'Jt:.< by
the Iiussijm ?.eet ccuse<i the lot* cf a boat and
tfce <ka:h of two pej<ons belonging to a
Pritifh fiFhir.fi (!wl, as we!! as damage; to
other bouts of lhat fie-t ana injuries to the
cretire of si'm* of tho»e boat*), the undertigneo.
!•*:!. e duly auth'.rlzed thereto. ;is\r agreed
Ul>jn the xo'Iovkins provlFi-jiis:
Article I — The International <'>nmus?ion of
Inquiry tha'l be com;>cisivj of five member*
(commission*! s), <rf whom two fhall I>p offi
cers of hi£h rank in the British «r.<1 imjierisl
Rupsian navieF. respectively. The <jovcrnm"nt»
of Fram* and of the Criited States shall each
bf> requested to ee!e<-t on? of their naval offl
cf-is cf hiffi rank as a member of thr com
mission. The fifth member shall be chosen
by sgi»fmfm between th« four members -abuve
mentioned; in the event of no agreement being
arrived at Vmwn the four commissioners as
to th* selection of the fifth member of the cfm
roife£irn. hi« imrwnal and royal Maj!r>ty The
Empercr of Austria end Kinc of Hungary
¦wili t*> invited to select him. Earn of the
tw hirh contracting parties shall likewise ay-
X"^!rt a >eal essessnr to advlfp the Ulllllllis
einrKr^ and an ac-:: offlcialiy empowered fi
take ;.art in the lat*trs of the commission.
Articl* II— The commission shall inquire Into
erd iT'-Tt all i xrumKtancfg relative to tha
Ncrtl) t>a incident and particularly on the
q-j^fti'-n as to wh»r<? the rcvponelbillty lies
«r.d the rt^trecs of blam* attaching to FUb-
Jevts at th<> two high ctjntractln^ parties or to
*u!>J?cts of ether countries, in the event of
their r»ri>onsihillty being tstablifhrd by the
lnoulry.
It Is a pleasure to bring the greetings of th^'j
President of the United States and to congratu
late Panama upon the propitious beginning of a
long and prosperous life— in fact, a life that
is to be a peaceful one ana one in which the
President and the people of the United States
are most willing assistants. The United States
has no intention on the isthmus other than to
build the canal for the benefit of Panama, the
United States and mankind. There Is no desire
to N txercise further power. I will in the next
few days confer on those matters about which
discussion has arisen, and hope to reach a so
lution full of honor to both countries. I have
the great honor to present the personal greeting
of President Roosevelt and expressions of pro
found good will.
President Amador, in reply, said:
Your arrfrttUn Panama, with the purpose
that brings you, is the highest honor this re
public has received since it was born. The
Government and people will know how to ap
preciate this new proof of sympathy with
which the United States has desired once more
to distinguish us. -
President Amador later in the day
returned Secretary Taft's official call.
The first conference between Secretary
Taft and President Amador will take
place at the Governmental House to
morrow.
ficials; General Davis, -commander of
the canal zone, and. Minister Barrett.
After a conference with the American
Congressional delegation Taft went by
a special train to -Panama, where he
was officially received by a committee
and quartered at the residence of Wal
lace, chief engineer in charge of the
construction of the canal. He was re
ceived by President Amador and the
Panama Cabinet at 4 o'clock this
afternoon. . After greetings had been
exchanged, Taft said:
PANAMA, Nov. 27. — Secretary of
War Taft and party arrived at Colon
this morning on board the United
States crui3er Columbia. Taft was, re-;
ceived on shore by Vice President
Arosemena and other_ Panama of-
Officials here regard as of .great sig
nificance the statement of Delcasse ii:
the French,. Chamber of Deputies yes
terday in support of the Franco-Rus
sian alliance; No less significant is the
statement of the French committee on
foreign budget that "Already Japan
has made known the conditions on
which she is ready to close hostilities.
These consist in the return of Man
churia to China," etc. '
It is • thought that this may be the
clew to Prince Fushimi's real misfeion
to the United/States. The United
States is vitally interested in the re
turn, of Manchuria to the Chinese. Sec
retary Hay's policy in support of the
integrity of China contemplated . the
evacuation of Manchuria by- the Rus
sians on October S, 1903., Failure so to
do' deeply irritated the State Depart
ment. The restoration of Manchuria
to China is made -a point of common
American and Japanese interest by the
desire af the Japanese Government to
make it one of the conditions of peace.
The United States might not be ap
proached with propriety by Japan with
a request to intervene, but it is be
lieved Prince Fushimi has broached
the subject of the fate of Manchuria
when peace shall have been restored.
riWOPS. SUFFER GREATLY.
It -is now expected that diplomacy
will make a great effort to forward
peace, . All powers save Russia are anx
ious to end the war. Prince Fushimi
of Japaiu who is now in this country,
has not disclosed any purpose of his
visit except to see the President and
the World's Fair, but it is believed by
diplomats' here that behind this there
was- something far more important.
The fact that Prince Fushimi had two
conferences with Secretary Hay while
he was in Washington is most signifi
cant.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON'. Nov. 27.— With win
ter fast approaching to put an end.t*^
active campaigning in Manchuria; with
tbe Japanese -•beginning., the final des
perate assault on. Port 'Arthur, as the
Russian Baltic fleet prb^resses toward
the Fa^*.-£asi, in its purpose to. raise
thV siege; "wit'h Janan open to media
tion and- Russia • spurning it; with
Japan constantly negotiating great
loan? and Hussia employing Lewis
Nixon to build a new navy,, the Russo-
Japanese war seems * to be near the
end of its first stage. It can be stated
that Russia hones to end the conflict
within ten months.
Bpeclml Dispatch to The Ca!
A thousand men, wome^ J\nd chil
dren swarmed panic-stricken out of
the Chutes zoo shortly after 11 o'clock
yesterday morn'ing when Sultan, the
ferocious liorf, attacked his brave
trainer, Charles Hendricks, while the
latter was lying' helplessly at the feet
of the blood-thirsty beast. After the
brute had sunk his claws into the leg
of the unfortunate man, Hendricks re
gained his presence of mind and fired
his pistol several times, frightening
the lion away and giving the attend
ants time to drae the trainer from the
cage before he was torn to pieces.
Hendricks entered the cage of the
lion as usual to give a public exhibi
tion. As he walked Jauntily toward
the corner where the enormous beast
was crouching, quivering and ready to
spring, Hendricks slipped and fell. A
cry of horror arose from the 'spec
tators Just as - the maddened beast
pounced on his trainer, who was mak
ing valiant efforts to rise.
The lion sank his massive claws !
into the fleshy part of Hendricks' leg j
and with a roar was preparing to tear j
him to pieces when the trainer's pres- :
ence of mind saved his life. He
quickly pulled out his revolver, which !
he always carries, and fired several j
blank cartridges in the face of the ,'
big beast. This served to daze and i
partially subdue Sultan, and while he j
stood gazing bewildered on the pros
trate form of his trainer several at- I
tendants came to the rescue and took#
.Hendricks out of the cage. !
Meanwhile the crowd in the place
was transformed almost into a fren
zied mob. Men and women ran
hither and thither, screaming and
shouting. The very spectacle of the
lion springing- on the trainer served
to make many sick. .It was some time
before order could be restored in the
zoo. /^
Hendricks way removed to his home
and put under the care of a physician.
He. was found to be suffering from a
painful wound in the fleshy part of the
leg, but there is no danger of serious
consequences. The trainer was badly
shaken up by the sudden attack. v
DIAMONDS DISAPPEAR
FROM NEW YORK HOTEL
DOGGER BANK
ARBITRATION
JAPAN SEEKING
INTERVENTION
I confess that the results' have exceeded our
expectations. They are explained by the fact
that cur people maintain. a calm attitude and
<!il : g«ntly continue their usual occupations.
Frugal habits have been maintained and no
productive enenry has been sacrificed.
Our crops this year exceed their average
value by $50,000,000." Our foreign trade shows
an Improvement over that of 1003. and I ex
pect it will reach a total of SS.V>.00().000. The
{trices of commodities nave been slightly In
creased, but our financial and economic condi
tfons remain unaffected. This has probably
surprised our.tnemy, for it exceeds our own
expectations. ; — /
We ere redoubling our energies, working dili
gently, living frugally and going forward In
this war unhesitatingly. • -- • . ; .
?
\RRESTKD IN SAN JOSE \
ON E3IBEZZLE3LENT' CHARGE
The war expenses reach a large sum monthly,
but the Government has managed their ab
sorption in such a manner as to least affect
the normal conditions of the -money market.
The decrease in circulation has been very
Email, and our ptopla are cheerfully meeting
tho added taxation, while ,.every domestic loan
has been oversubscribed. •
Before' a great "national v problem our people
unite, and friends end opponents 'Join hands
for the accomplishment of our national pur
poet. With th« great problem of the war be
fore th#>m. the people of our nation have be
come as one man. We have no war party and
no j) eace party, as Russia has, but, on the con
trary, our nation is one and united with a de
termination to fight'to the last extremity.
Wh>n the war came on it so happened that
our financial condition was such that every
thing indicated a fresh awakening after & pe
riod of long dullness and inactivity. Thus our
latent financial energy was directed toward
the war fund. Our people are showing ample
capacity to finance the war. and. despite the
floating of domestic loans, our economic condi
tions have not b?en affected, while banking
conditions hav<» actually expanded since the
beginning of hostilities. -
Jx\PANESK NATION UNITED.
At this session of the Diet the Government
will be compelled to present a budget calling
for $3S8,000,00O. and Indications are that It will
be passed without the slightest difficulty. This
happy phenomenon Is attributable to _the char
acteristics of our people.
PORT ARTHUR WAII'S CENTER.
The delay in the decisive result of our oiege
of Port Arthur gives Russia hope of being able
to relieve the garrison, and for this purpose
she resSTvfd to empty her naA - al Vdefense at
home, while on land corps after corps has been
mobilized and sent eastward. The military and
naval plans of Russia seem to center in the
rfiief of Pert Arthur, and General Kuropat
kin's southward advance, which resulted In his
serious defeat, had the relief of the garrison
as 'its sole object. The Russian Emperor's in
structions to Kuropatkin not to retire beyond
Mukden were designed to raise the gloom that
had been hanging over the people of Russia
since the defeat of Russian arms, at -the battle
of Liacyang, and Kuropatkin assumed the ag
gressive, perhaps, against his own Judgment.
Kverything seems to -.hinge on the fall of
Tort Arthur, but 1 do net console myself with
the thought that the capture of that ill fated
fortress will bring th» war to a speedy termi
nation. Its capture will give occasion for re
newed plans of warfare by Russia, and I am
watching keenly for such developments.
The domestic conditions of Japan are highly
satisfactory. The history of our IMet may be
summnl up by sayine" that from the first it
planted itself firmly in opposition to the Gov
ernment on financial questions. r After my ap
pointment friction became increasingly violent.
The -two great parties, "the Constitutionalists
and the Progressives, presented a combined
front !n opposition tp my Ministry. Despite
adminstrative reform effected on their demand
we failed to satisfy them.' They criticized our
financial measures as excessive and refused to
pass the bills.
Judging by those conditions, serious collisions
between the governed and the g6verning were
predicted, but when the. war came this frifctlon
entirely ceased, and the House of Representa
tives, which once refused to pass a budget of
/125.<X"iO,tKX) as excessive and unbearable, gave
a ready and willing assent to the first war
budget of ?2SS,000,00O. -
To injure peace in the Orient and to safe
guard our national existence is the' aim
purpess of .our eniplr<\ and no^sacriflce shall be
too great for successfully .effecting this purpose.
¦Hus:-ia, bcikleu vioiating'i her pleUgreg in Man
churia, crowned her overbearing and aggres
sive policy by extending "her arms to the'Ko
rean peninsula. We were highly solicitous to
preserva peace, but had no alternative except
that of war, which was forced upon us.
Througiiout the^ negotiations ftussia showed a
haughty anu c-.i-rtejii.nij attitude, wnich. as tias
latterly .been shown, was inadequately sup
ported by military strength. Russia allowed
iieii-tii io ba dtceived and slishted our empire,
for she never believed that Japan would draw
the sword of war. Then, after, suffering re
peated defeats on land - and en sea, Russia
perceived the mistake. she had made, and, hav
ine discovered the eeriouEness of the situation,
b«san to take adequate measures.
Thu case was different with us. We were
ever alive to the .seriousness cf the situation
and were prepared for emergencies.
Russia must see that the *ar cannot be con
eluded try the issues of a few battles. With
bs this war means life or death, and not one
of our forty-five million brethren remains ig
norant of the vital issue at stake. \^'e are pre
pared to sacrifice our last man and our last
ceni_ for this war.
TO&IO, Nov. 27.— Discussing the war
and the domestic, financial and politi
cal conditions of Japan on^ the eve. of
the assembling of the Diet, Premier
Katsura said to-day: .,
EARLY PEACE
1 NOT EXPECTED
Will Take Up the Official
Business of His Mission
With Ainador Immediately
Victim Retains Presence of
; Mind and Frightens the
Beast With a Pistol Shot
GETS CORDIAL '. WELCOME
CE0WI\ PANIC-STRICKEN
Fushima Hopesto
Enlist Ameri
can Aid.
Terms of Anglo-
Russian Peace
Compact.
Ferocious ( Sultan ' Springs
on Charles Heudricks as
He Stumbles in the Cage
Conveys the Good Will of
President Roosevelt to the
Executive of the Republic
LION ATTACKS
BRAVE TRAINER
TAFT REACHES
THE ISTHMUS
OAKLAND GETS
FIRST CHANCE
TO TRY KINIRY
Tokio Diet Will
Provide War
Sinews.
RUSSIA EXPECTS TO DICTATE TERMS
FOR WAR'S END WITHIN TEN MONTHS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1904.
I'yrography On t (its
\r.d all manner < of; wooden things and'
s'.jt-epsklr.s > to ..burn. Hundreds of ' de
'iirris not shown elsewhere. Inspection
•jrltetLrc^rtlst-.' materlalV-department.
inborn.'Vull & Go., >741 -Market street.' •
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27. — Ths
United 'States Historical Society ha~
elected Governor Pardee "of Californ!
an honorary, member. .-¦
Honor for Governor Parolee.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 27.—
The Porte has issued orders to tlir:
authorities at Treblzond to cease Inter
ference . with the sale of American
Bibles, and to restore those that have
been seized. , • .
Free to Sell Bibles In Turkey.
Engravers Induce President Ixmbet to
Revive the Custom ,\VhieIi Had'
Fallen Into Disuse. '. .
PARIS, Nov. 27.— President Loubet
has directed the resumption of the
practice of receiving New Year cards.
The Ministers and the public generally
will follow suit,* thus reviving the old
«. ustom. . This is due to an- appeal of
the • engravers,, who convinced, the
President* that the business of j card
printing- was damaged by his previous
o:\1er discontinuing the practice." ,..'..
NEW YEAR CARDS AGAIN . ,
IN VOGUE IN FRANCE
2
"1 .U.ud K^vere stomach' trouble. Dr.
V.\l'.V Nervine and Nerve and Liver Pills
cur#-d me. I can now cat anythins; with-
out trouble." — L. C- O"BRIEX. Winston-
Ealem, N*. Y. v
TJ;e first bottle will benefit, if not, the
drUfcffist will return your money: • ?
Will, relievo ubstlnate cases of Indiges-
W'jt.; .lyspcpi^A and stomach trouble by
yt.rengihT.inp these nerves.
Dr. Miles'
Restorative Nervine
Modern science recognizes the fact that
it is the nerves that furnish motive
I>oticr to digest the contents of the stom-
ach.
Thr nerves agitate and mix the food
and xtimulate the secretions. When, they
"oecome weakened they lack energy,, and
indigestion, dyspepsia, sour stomach re-
sult.
To cure indigestion is largely due to the
old theory that when the Btomach be-
comes inactive it needs something to me-
r-h&nically digest Its contents, and ca-
thartics, purgatives, etc.. are used, which
rfra only temporary relief, because they
<iise«»t by irritating the lining of the
Etomacb. .,'
Failure
ADVEKTISOICNTS.
1 1 1 \fi I W I n$ I ¦
- Are Safe Remedies and Should
Be in Every Home.
1 In the compounding of my remedle*
; and preparation is concentrated th»
[ knowledge and successful researches of
: the brightest medical minds that th«
I century has produced. /
There Is nothing: experimental about
I them. Years apo they passed that stag«
'. and countless thousands have testified
; that they' have found health through
i their use.
There are no "cure alls" among them.
! but my list of remedies contains a sep.v-
1 rate cure for each disease. That is why
! they are called home remedies, or tha
, "family doctor." as they are frequently
1 termed by those who depend upon them
; absolutely to keep the household in good
; health. — MUXVON.
; Munyon's Paw-Paw Tonic is the) grrand-
! est stomach and nerve tonic known. It
i builds up the run-down. Rives strength
' to the debilitated, restores ambition and
j energy, makes' old folks feel young and
' the weak feel strong.
1 My Rheumatism Cure has rid more
! people of this distressing disease than
j all other remedies combined. I will re-
' turn the money to -any rheumatic whom
I it will not help. / /
I Kidney disease in nine cases out ot
j ten yields promptly to my Kidney Cure
! and Bright's Disease is frequently pre-
| vented by its use.
i If you are constipated or bilious or
I are troubled with headaches arising from
I a disordered stomach take a few doses
1 of my Paw-Paw Laxative Pills and see
! how quickly you will feel better.
Colds, which come with the rainy aea-
! son and which frequently end in bron-
i chitis, grip and the more deadly pneu-
; monia. can be cured quickly and surely
i with my Cold Cure.
And these are but a few of my rema-
• dies. "Why not ask your druggist for
i my "Guide to Health." which is free and
I which tells you how* to keep well. It
may save you from a serious illness.
I Remember that all of my remedies are
I absolutely harmless. In tatins: them you
j run no such chances as you do in taking
"drastic and debilitating drugs. They aro
! safe. They are sure. — MUNYON.
i Munyon's Witch Hazel Toilet Prepara-
1 tions — Soap. Face Cream and Talcum
Powder — all dainty and delicate, should
be used by everv woman of refinement
and taste. Make the skin soft as velvet.
For sale everywhere.
B FINE WRITING PAPER, in box«».^H-
x for Christmas. tl
e| In ail latest shapes, styles, shades |
a and textures, per box SOo up vi
Ft FINE I>EATHER NOVELTIES. M
y PEGGY BAGS. In all fashlonabl* ¦
3 leathers- «5c to j«5.»H> O
H SHOPPING BAGS, la all plain fci
3 and fancy leathers ..25c up Bt
H -LADIES. A GOOE> 'J-OVNT^IM B
¦* H PEN makes a nlc« Christmas pros- H
I <H - ent * or a gentlernan. We carry two 8a
' 1 kinds. Conklin's Self-Filling Pen and %
; a Waterman's Ideal Fountain Pan. ti
¦ 1 Prices of Conklin's range from S3.0O H
• 4 up. Waterman's Ideal, ?-^»O up. - 1
15 Mall orders promptly filled. t\
! 1 That Man Pitts. |
i || F. 'W. PITTS. th» Station**. *:|'
I tl 1008 'Market st.. opp. FKth a. f\
fd San Francesco. '¦•I
Csres*ColdfnOceI>ay v Cr^m2 D«y»
©. j0Tj£frVV%0m* bos. QSo
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, .
629 HEAEXT ST. EsUblUh^d*
In 1S34 for the trestmrnt of Private
Diseases. I»st Mannood. P«biiity of
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Disaaaea The Doctor curewwnso
others fall. Try him. Ctmrftm lo^
(urnsonranlffd. CaJIocwxlMi.
T»r. J. F. OIDBON. San Traoclsco. Cat. .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e 6 teaman IcaV* Broad->ny
wharves (pl«r» ft and ll)i
San Francisco: *
For Ketchikan Wranirel.
Jnnoau. Treadw«U». Halaes.
Skagway etc Alaak*— IX
a. m., Jfor. to, D^>. X.
Changs to thia company's
steamers at Saattla. ¦ -
For Victoria, VaBcownr.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. • Everett.
Anacortes. South Bellingham. BeUlnsham— II
a. m.. Nov. 26, Dec. I. Char.?* at Seattle to
this cotipany's steamers for Alaska and O N
Ry.: at Seattl* or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
A'ancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 21. 30, Dec. 6. Corona. 1:20 p. m..
Nov. ?7. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Azursles arv<J
Redondo). San Diego and Sasta Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 0 a.m.
State ot California, Thursdays. 0 a. m. '
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and* Bast
S?an Fedro). Santa Barbara Santa Cniz Mtm-
. terey. San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Obi.»po). Ventura and Hueneme. "^
Bonita. 0 a. m., Nov. 23. Dec. 1.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Nov. 27, Dee. & '
For Ensenaria. Magdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz Santa Rs
salia. Guaynias (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each wo
For further information obtain folder Kieht
is reserved to chans* xteamers or sail Ins rtatVa
TIC3CET OPTICES— 4 New Mo5t"n.
ery st. iPalace Hotel). 10 Market »t..and Broad
way wharves. Prels-ht Ofice 10 Market nt
C. D. DUNA.V;, Ceneral Pawagi, >££$
10 Market St., San Francisco. A»«nt.
The Paciflc Transfer Co.. 20 gutter st win
call for and check baggage froii, hotels a.nd
residences. Telephone E-tchanse 312.
S - s - S P^ OMA - '»• Honolulu. Samoa; Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, Dec. l 2d m
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec 10 lla ml
S. S. MAIUPOSA. for TahlU. Dec SI. U tmi
I.r.S?B£CIELSiBHOi Ctt, Azti.Titfet CIHS3343 iu-
til rrEiglt cac? 327 Mari£i st t - pbi t. nz± n
COJrPAOSIS GESSaALS T2AWSATua!fPia31
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. , -
Sailing every Thursday instead of ¦¦& f£$?a
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier ¦'A**?
42, North River, foot of Morton st. ' -; :
First class to Havre. $7O and upward.. Sec-
ond Ca«ss to Havre. $45 and upward. CES-
ERAMAGENCY FOR UNITED STATES 'AND
CA>»M>A. 32 Broad wav (Hudson bulldlnsr>.
New York. J. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Rallrcntl Ticket Ajents. .
ror* V. S. Wavy Yard and Vnllojo,
Strs. General Friable.' Mpntlcello and Arrow.
0:45 a.m.. 12:20 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 0 p.m., S: 30 p.
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9**3 .a.m..
12:30 p.ra.. 6 p.m.. S:30 p.m. Lea.y« .Valleio. 1
a.m.. 9 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. 6 pirn. Sun.
days t a.m., tt a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. .6 p.m. Pter 2.
ft Mission St.: pbone Main 15ik HATCH BROft.
t > '313 > :^^/^^$ /^^r 9fl-315
I GROCERIES. II
S : - Standard Tomatoes. n»w • 10-pcund box Sodn Crack- • Pink Beans. S pound.25£ H
$5 pack, can 5c era ''•^'~ , N , e^ c T op - . e ££
j I .Stlect brand. i Kitsh baked ar.i crisp. Millers Naptna Soap >v B H
t I Peaberry Mocha Coffee. Sliced Boil'.d Ham. »>ars • v • V 5c A
SS pound ....iil)e pound ...i:«»c Largest and btst. M
\ ¦ StrciiR, > rich and aro- Kmgan's or Swift's; Om> pound carton Sc^ta ta
•a . matlc. • Rcgr. 30c.. Monday only. Res. :!Uo. Crackers. rt-K. lCc-.o*? - '¦
I Full Weight Creamery Smith's Kippered Her- 4 pounds New *£•&' B
Butter, square 45« ring: can l.c\ dozen fish —3c B
-,'l - ; 7 'Fancy Table quality. $1.70. Select white and ten- a
1 Sugar Cured Picnic Imported; delicious der. regular 10e. „%' K
Hams, pound "Ijc breakfast dish. Fancy Uncolored Japan |3
j Eastern; fresh smoked; Large Queen Olives, Tea, pound ooc: '•'•- Jg
S fine for boiling. *+: quart 2Oc pound box $1.04) |l
! M Gallcn .bottle Chew Smokevi Betf Tonirues, Pure tea leaves; epi- H
Chow ,15c each OOc derleg style. H
' ' ' X.XQUORS. - W
Jas. K. Pepper Whisk"}, Cold Lien Cocktails, bat- Lleblg'a Malt Extract. a
I * bottl? Sjc tic H3c dozen $l.t» »
1 Distillery bott'lng: no All kinds. K:njr Ed- The great tonic. Sure B
limit: regular 51.10. Host ward's favorite cock- to Increase your weight h
- 'familiar Liand in tfvs tail. Rec. 1.10. and health.- Reg. $2. CO. i -B
E • market. A large tray Epting'8 Pure Malt Whls- Weidemann's Beer, qts., ¦
flf- ire* with 3 bottle*. key, bottle <15e down $1.30 U
S» McFarland'n Imported "KiderlenV.'XH o I 1 a n d Eastern export. Mild. H
jSf Fcotch, bottle . 85c Gin, large square bot- rich malty flavor. «
S& Finest hlxh ball in tho tie fl.(N> Kentucky Dew Whiskey. t&
W ! world,..rpKular $1.15. • Over 20 sold medals gallon f2.<M> H
fij[ v French Cherried In ilarr.- for purity and quality. Abbey's Tonic Port, cal- JJ
v2 -. schino, full size bot.oOc Italian Vermouth, bot- Ion 73c-* flf
fW ' Delicious dessert; handy /tie ....50c Taken' regularly will H
Mm for cocktails or punches. ..- Genuine imported. ¦ save you doctor bills. H
H "Old Night Cap" Whls- Old Reliance Whiskey, Zlnfandel Tabl« wlrwv U
Wk key, full quart... j. 75c . gallon ....fl.7.S gallon ftOc .flj
Jo Ripley's straiKht f Bour. Bourbon or Rye. Keg. 14 Gallon Bottle Overton H
flf . bon.; regular ?1.0O. free with 5 gallons. Rye Whiskey.... f 1.15 .¦ -
¦L Same Prices 'at Hi nth and "WaabingtonStr— to. Oakland. 'm
¦"'¦¦"¦"¦"¦"Hi"" *wirtl iHnirsiiTiiriinKrREDDING. Nov. 27.— Fire of un
known origin destroyed a large frame
building on South Market street, to
gether with the stock of vehicles and
hay it contained, Saturday night. The
building and its contents were the
property of H. N. McChesney. An'ad
jolning building was partially, de
stroyed. The loss is estimated at
14000.
Fire Causes Loss of $4000.
Minister In Badly Injured.
HEALDSBURG, Nov. 27.— Rev.
Charles P. Hood, pastor of the Alex
ander Valley Church and formely
pastor~of the Christian Church of this
city, was thrown from his buggy. while
driving into town this afternoon. His
shoulder blade was broken and he was
badly bruised.
Robert Dalzlel Sr. (owner) with Mollne El
evator Company (contractors), architect A. M.
Milwain— Two freight elevators for a slx
atory and basement building on lot on NW line
of Mission street,' 68 NE of New Anthony,
thence 45 along Mission. NW 100. NE 23. NW
87 :« SW 45. 8E 60. SW 1. SE 23:9, SW 22.
SB 1C3:9: ?3300. I
Etta McCue (owner) with Theo G. Cordell
and H. W. Beach (contractors), archi
tect—All work for a tW-story frame building
on lot on E line of Lotta street. 100 S of Par
nassus avenue, 25 by $100; $4000.
Annie Kennedy (owner) with William Plant
(contractor), architects Shea & Shea— All work
except brick work, plumbing, painting and gas
grates ' far a three-etory and basement fram«
building on lot on N line of Ellis street. 112:5
W of Hyd«, W 25 by N 87:6; *6775.
Builders' Contracts.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— The givers
of the $240,000 to the Union Theologi
cal Seminary', following an announce
ment of its attitude toward the West
minster confession pf faith, are Mor
ris; K. Jessup and the widow of Wil
liam Earl Dodge. Mrs. Dodge . has
pledged $120,000 for the establishment
of a chair of applied Christianity,
whila Jessup, who is a director of the
seminary, has given a like sum for
the establishment of a professorship of
preaching.
Hundred and Twenty Thousand Given
by Each to Union Theological
School.
BERLIN, Nov. 27. — Ruggiero Leon
cavallo is superintending, by invita
tion of Emperor William, the re
hearsal of his new opera, "Roland, of
Berlin," which Emperor William
commissioned him to compose six
years ago. It will be produced De
cember 12 at the Royal Opera-house.
The story of the opera deals with
the dispute of a Brandenburg Prince
with the Mayor of Berlin over the
jurisdiction, of the city.
. The first producilon of a farce en
titled "New- York" has taken place
here, with Adolf Phillips in the lead
ing role. Some .of the journalistic
critics treat the succession of sketches
of Bowery life as interpreting Ameri
can political and social conditions and
take the opportunity to express* re
gret_at the existence of opium dens
and cynical New York 'policemen.
Opium Dens and Cynical Policemen
. Figure as Typical American
Institutions. ,
Russia Adopts Our Homestead System.
ST., PETERSBURG, Nov. 27. — A
project for applying the American
homestead scheme of free land for
settlers in Siberia In order to attract
colonization from the congested dis
tricts of 'European Russia is attract
ing ' much favorable comment. The
plan as adopted follows the American
homestead system.
JESSUP AND MRS. DODGE
BENEFACTORS OF SEMINARY
FARCE CALLED "XEW YORK"
IS PRODUCED IN BERLIN
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Nov. 27.—Ad
jutant General Scott to-day received
a message from Sheriff Stein of
Franklin County requesting that two
additional companies of soldiers be
sent to Zeigler. General Bcott late
to-night received a message from Cap
tain Satterfleld, in .charge of the com
pany of militia there, stating that on
Satufday night twenty shots were
fired ln.the direction of the building
in which the dynamite at Joseph
Leiter's mine is stored with the'in
tention of exploding it.
Shots Fired Fail to Accomplish Their
Purpose— More Troops
Asked For.
ATTEMPT TO EXPLODE
DYNAMITE AT ZEIGLER
Because Abraham Steiner, a peanut
peddler, of 520 Eighth street, would
not permit Jesse Rosenberg and
Joseph Duffy to pilfer his wares, they
assaulted him first with their fists and
afterward threw stones at him. ~One
of th,e flying missiles hit Abraham on
the head,' inflicting a deep scalp
wound. His cry for help brought a
policeman, who arrested the young
toughs and placed a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon against their
names on the prison register at the
Mission station.
Assaults a Peanut Peddler.
The band included many high of
ficials who sold the titles of nobility.
The leaders were imprisoned by the
Governor and a Judge, both- of whom
died suddenly, and the leaders of the
forgers were then discovered to be at
large. One of those, who disappeared
and who it was alleged drowned him
self in the Black Sea, has been found
alive.
KUTAIS. Transcaucasia, Nov. 2T. —
A sensational story of lawlessness in
the Caucasus has just been brought to
light by a brutal murder in the center
of the town in daylight of the .chief
witness against a band of f expert for
gers, who were discovered five years
ago forging patents of nobility. These
were alleged to have been issued by a
former King of Mingrelia, formerly an
independent principality.
Chief Witness Against a Band of
Forgers Murdered in Broad
Daylisht.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 27. — The
findings and opinions of the court
of Inquiry held at the instance of
Major General James R. CaYnahan
by the Grand Lodge of the Uniform
Rank, Knights of Pythias, to investi
gate charges that General Carnahan
showed favoritism in the awarding
of the drill prizes at the conclave held
at Louisville August 15 to 20 have
been received bv General Carnahan
from Supreme Chancellor Charles E.
Shively of Richmond. The findings
and opinions, which were made public
to-night, hold. that General Caimahan
is innocent of any and all of the
charges.
General Carnahan Exonerated ln Case
Growing Out of the Pythian
Conclave.
LAWLESSNESS PREVAILS
IN CAUCASUS REGION
NO FAVORITISM SHOWN
IN/' JUDGING THE DRILL
Just as the train started President
Roosevelt called ."Good night, all."
As he did the other members of the
party were on the platform.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 28. — Promptly on
schedule time the special train carry
ing President Roosevelt, his wife and
daughter and the, members of the
party departed from the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition, where it has
been stationed since the arrival of the
Presidential party Saturday morning,
for Washington at 12:01 this morn
ing. • -
About the' President's car were sta
tioned nearly a hundred members of
the 16cal police force, besides two
companies of regulars that have
formed the President's guard during
his visit to the World's Fair. Presi
dent Roosevelt walked to the real rail
of the observation platform and said:
"I thank you, , gentlemen, , for the
kind attention you have shown me
during my visit to St. Louis, and I
appreciate It very much."
Special Train Pulls Out of the Ex
position (•rounds Just After
Midnight.
PRESIDENT AND/ PARTY
DEPART FROM THE PAIR
A school of mines, together* with
free institutes for miners, will be car
ried on during the exposition.
PORTLAND, Nov. 27. — One of the
most complete exhibits of the mines
of the Western part of the United
States ever grouped together will be
shown in working order at the 1905
centennial. Definite plans are being
carried out by the Oregon State Com
mission to induce mine-owners to send
ores to the Metallurgy Palace for
treatment by the latest improved ma
chinery, the products of the quartz to
be returned to the owners.
Portland Exposition Will Contain One
of the Most Complete Mineral
Exhibits Ever Shown.
SCIIOOIj OF MINES PLANNED
BY THE FAIR MANAGEMENT
idents James Duncan, John Mitchell,
James O'Connell, Max Morris, Thomas
I. Kldd. Dennis A. Hayes. D. J. Keefe
and Treasurer James B. Lennon. Wil
liam J. Spencer left yesterday after
noon for Chicago and Secretary Morri
son will remain for a few days to fln
t ish up his work and take care of the
j reports of the convention proceedings,
now in the hands of the printer.
Among the delegates who left yester
day were John Clark of the Plumbers'
and Gasfitters' International Union,
W. A. Rickert of the United Gar
i ment Workers, D. G. Ramsey of
the Telegraphers' International Un
ion, Frank X. Xoschang of the
Barbers' International Union, Frank
Feeney of the Elevator Construct
ors, who was elected a special
fraternal delegate to attend the British
Trades Union Congress next year. John
T. Cosgrove of the Xew Jersey State
Federation, together with Archy Grant
of Buffalo and W. D. Morris, also left
last night.
No demonstrations have been planned
J for the departure of the delegates, but
many of the local committee of ar
rangements. Including P. H. McCarthy,
O. A. Tvietmore, J. Kean. John E. Mc-
Dougald, A. E. Smith and C. J. Kelly,
escorted departing delegates to the fer
ry yesterday and will escort others to
day.
<jf organized labor.
Immediately following the adjourn
ment the delegates, who have worked
earnestly for two weeks, began pack
ing and preparing for the return trip
to theJr homes and yesterday many
left the Lick and the Russ House.
Most of the remaining representatives
¦will leave to-night at 6 o'clock, includ
ing President Gompers and the mem
bers of the executive council with two
exceptions. The English fraternal del
egates from Great Britain and Canada
will leave shortly for the East. The
English representative from Wales,
William Abraham (Mabon) and James
WignaJl will stop over in Sacramento,
Los Angeles and Salt Lake City on the
way to New York for a few days' sight
¦eeingr and will not return to England
before February. John A. Flett, the
Canadian representative, will return
direct to his home in Hamilton, Onta
rio.
The visitors from over the water and
across the line said that their recept^n
and stay Ifc. San Francisco had been
xnort pleasant and regretted that they
could not prolong it. They will return
home with many pleasant memories of
their stay and the hope that they will
return some day.
President Gompers will leave to-night
for Chicago, accompanied by Vice Prc-<«-
K11ATEKNAL, DELEGATES ELKCTED BY THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF
LABOR TO REPRESENT THAT BODT BEFORE THE BRITISH TRADE
i:ciON CONGRESS. WHICH WILL. MEET DURING THE COMING YEAR.
Sergeant Melody, one of the desk
sergeants at the City Prison, said yes
terday that he had known Smith for
nearly thirty years. His ftrst acquaint
ance with him was when he went to
serve a warrant, upon him on a charge
of battery. The complaining witness
was with him and when Smith saw
the complainant he promptly attacked
him again. Melody cited the circum
stance to show that Smith had a vio
lent temper when aroused.
Smith will appear in the Police
Court this morning, but the case will
be continued pending the Coroner's in
quest, which will be held in a day or
two.
Joseph Smith, the aged contractor,
who shot and killed Joseph McGowan
at the brickyard, 2969 Mission street,
on Saturday morning, was visited by a
large number of his friends in the City
Prison yesterday. He was no sooner
finished talking: with one than another
took the vacant place. One of them
brought him a box of cigars and
others had little reminders of their
friendship.
Smith said he spent a miserable
night in his cell and yesterday morn
ing he was changed to another cell,
where he has more light and comfort.
He did not care to talk about the
shooting, but said he had acted in self
defense. McGowan had knocked him
down two or three times and he was
afraid McGowan and James Beatty
would seriously injure him, as they
had threatened him several times.
They wanted, he said, to drive him out ;
of the place. Beatty had been cursing
him from early morning. He thor
oughly realizes the gravity of his posi
tion and says he hopes the law of
ficers will not be too hard on an old
man. He claims that he must have
pulled the trigger *unintentionally in
hrs excited state.
The police at the park station were
very much surprised yesterday when
a little boy, Donald Park of 850 Clay
ton street, walked into the station
carrying a human hand. When ques
tioned by the officers he said that Wal
ter Morton of S51 Clayton street had
shown' him where the hand was burled
in a lot on the west side of Tremont
avenue, south of Frederick street. The
two boys dug up the hand and hid it
in a clump of bushes, thinking they
might make some use of it, but after
ward concluded" It would-be better to
turn it over to the police.
The boy said that the hand was
found by Mrs. Devant, 834 Clayton
street, on her front stoop", about two
weeks ago. • Mrs. Devant went shop
ping at about 11 o'clock in the morn
ing and on her return found the
Bevered member on her steps. Instead
of notifying the police she buried it in
the lot back of her house, and the
boys, thinking they might make some
capital of it, dug it up yesterday.
The police believe the hand was
thrown on the stoop by a student re
turning from the Affiliated Colleges.
It was brown and winkled, as though
it had been ln pickle, and also bore
evidence of having been dissected. It
la a right hand and the long, tapering
fingers indicate that it was the hand
of a woman.
Grewsome Discovery Is Made by
Woman Uvincr in Neighborhood
of the Affiliated Colleges.
A<red Contractor Who Shot
Joseph McGowan Says His
Liie xiau ±>een xlireaieiieit
FINDS HUMAN HAND *.
ON HER FRONT STOOP
SMITH CLAIMS
SELF-DEFENSE
' With the intention of punishing
those responsible for his son's injury,
Albert de Rome, the" father of Albert
T. de Rome, who was hazed by some
of the students of the Hopkins Art In
stitute,, has begun an investigation of
the hazing. , Mr. de Rome came from
San Jose to Oakland yes'terday to see
the boy. Accompanied by his son he
came to San Francisco to consult Dr.
Charles Clark, under whose care the
young man is. After hearing the doc
tor's op : nion of the case, Mr. de Rome
said:
"I have not "yet decided just what
course to pursue in regard to the stu
dents concerned in the hazing, of my
son, but I have begun an investigation
and" do not intend to allow the guilty
students to escape. My son has been
badly injured, in fact so severely that
Dr. Clark refuses as yet to say how
long it will take him to recover, or
whether or not he will ever be com
pletely well.
"While I do,/ not hold the directors
of the institute responsible, I do be
lieve' they should put a final 'stop to
such practices. If Albert's injuries
should prove permanent I would not
be inclined to show any mercy to those
responsible for them, but shall pun
ish them to the full extent of the law,
and even if he recovers I shall take
such steps as will put a complete stop
to this practice of hazing students."
The victim of the hazing, when seen
last night at his "ncle's home ln
Golden Gate, said:
"I am riot feeling so well to-day as I
'was Friday and it seems as if my
strength is leaving me. Yesterday I
suffered with terrible pains in my
back, and while they have left me. to
day I feel very weak. The doctors
said that this was partly the result of
the nervous shock, but my whole body
seems to be eiving out."
English Leaders to Visit Several Cities pf the State
The twenty-fourth annual conven
tion of the American Federation of La
bor has taken its place in industrial
history as marking an era of unparal
leled prosperity for the movement.
Throughout the land the cause has been
materially helped by the decisions of
the convention, and never before has
fT«^2er harmony prevailed in the ranks
Parent, Investigating Case
With View to Discovering
Identity of the Oifenders
BOY'S CONDITION IS BAD
President Gompers to Depart To-Night
With Members of the Executive Council
Father of Young De Eome
Declares He Will Stop Vio
lent Fun of Art Students
FEDERATION OF LABOR DELEGATES ARE PREPARING TO
LEAVE FOR THEIR HOMES IN THE EAST.
WILL PUNISH
SON'S HAZERS
KAST OAKLAND SEWER DAMAGED.—
Oakland, Nov. 27. — The new storm sewer on
East Fourteenth street has cracked for a dis
tance of 327 feet. Superintendent • of Streets
Charles F\ Ott says that the sewer can be re
paired by putting & band of cement over the
cracked pip*.
\V> are sole agents and" selling agents
for the best fountain pens In the world.
Prices $1.00. ?2.00. $2.50 up to $7.50 each.
Satisfaction or money returned. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. *
Fountain Head for Fountain Pens.
We learn that five years before the
war began the Japanese commenced
sending coolies by the hundreds into
Manchuria, with instructions to live
with the Chinese therein, fraternize
with them and be in position- to fur
nish true information when war be
gan to the Japanese and false advices
to the Russians. The secrecy which
the Japanese commanders have been
able to maintain as to the movements
of their army — a secrecy that Kuro
patkin has over and over again
acknowledged himself to be unable to
illumine — shows how admirably the
Japanese efforts in this direction have
been applied and how completely they
were prepared for the campaign they
knew to be a question only of months
or years. — Cleveland Leader.
Japanese Well Prepared.
Prince Adalbert of Prussia, having
spent some- eighteen months In the
China sea as sub-lieutenant on board
the cruiser Hertha. is now to return to
Europe via the United States, travel
ing by ordinary passenger steamer
from Japan. He Is said to be a tall,
well set up young fellow, who presents
many traits of resemblance to his un
cle. Prince Henry, in his complete ab
sence of affectation and ln his simplicity
of manner. Destined to become in
course of time the lord high admiral
of the Imperial German navy, he has
already seen a good deal of the world,
and at St. Petersburg, at Rome, at Con
stantinople and ln England, in fact, in
every foreign country or capital that
he has visited, he has created an excel
lent impression. He is still quite a lad.
being Just 20 years old.
Prince Adalbert of Prussia.
President Bert of the Pacific Coast
League stated last night that he would
interview^Manager Butler of the Port
land team and Umpire Jim McDonald
to-day in regard to that protested
game. Bert has Morley's protest on
file and when he hears from Butler
and McDonald he will be ready to ren
der a decision. As a general rule these
matters are taken up at the league
meeting, but as the race is so close this
year Bert will decide at once.
Bert Will Decide To-Day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMEER 28 r 1904.
3
Sunday Sermon on
Whisky Drinking
To day is a good day to rest and do
a little thinking on tlie serious prob-
lem of life.
If you are a drinking man stop and
figure out how much you are spend-
ing a j-ear for whisky and beer. Think
if you stopped drinking how many
more comforts and pleasures your
famil3 r could have. Think what you
might be able to do for your children.
Why not stop drinking? But you
say, "I've tried and can't." You
haven't really tried i r you haven't
come to me. In three days I can kill
all desire for further drinking. After
taking my treatment your general |
health will be better than since you
were a boy. I have treated success-
fully over is,ooo men. Write me to-
day or call at your first opportunity.
DR. J. J. McKANNA,
14 GEARY STREET,
SAX FRAXCISCO. CAL.
Phone Liain 1037.
182 Dearborn Street. Chicago.
• Kansas- City, Mo.
Oklahoma City, Okla.
2vi8iT DR. JORDAN'S grea-4
fSUSEUSI OF ASATQBY?
V GB -a>U2mcT.i*:.8n*7ii,c.r.Ci 1 .i
P flSg CR. JORDAK-DISEASES OF KEN A
A t >^5» CoM.ln.rion fre* uid ftrir-!. printt \
\ ft W *{J I**** <*"tae«Tya»«nad.rt»ke«. f
UW\i til w "'t for !<*it.PHJI.««oi««V«r A
A fl if nlatlibNkteim) A
V OB. JOBS AW A CO.. I8J1 Market St.. 8. F 0
ADVERTISEMENTS.-
I A
foi Infants and ChilrlrsiL
(lie Kind You Have Always Sought
Bears the SV V/FA-±—fS-~
Signatur© of Utf^7<!^^
\/L +* REMOVAL \£*
i In a few days we shall leave this building, which has been the home of R
I Fredericks' Exclusive Furnishings for over forty yean. During these last days l]
Eg the store will be demoralized by the. carpenters, but we intend to make the event H
I auspicious by a tremendous reduction sale of M
I ..ODDS AND ENDS.. . I
B ' - ' • Si
H Those goods, many of which are eminently suitable for Christmas gifts, involve the best offerings I
i from our stock. Remember, the prices quoted below are in force for this week only, and these extraordi- I j
H nary concessions mark the last chance to secure Fredericks' Exclusive Furnishings at great reductions. ft
H SIDEBOARD— Weathered oak; /^ A D Di? T*C VEHNI MABTET— Parlor Cabi- U
61 Krenrb buffet; a handsom* "tl-CfiA flfl \j/^iaVfl El* A. %J net Or'entsl trimmtnc*: mir- fl
B cle; «05; this week only " mmm m w ror back and gla»« sbel»es. TAt Qq B
m Golden oak, with elegant Solendid values and |82 50: tbls w f' k only Ef
H French berel mirror back. $75; fJA °P Icn " lQ VaiUCS _ and enormOUS HALL C H 1 8 T-B«iatlftilly |
M this week only savings have made OUr Carpet De- <-arT*d Belgium Oak. $52; this CJ8.00 K
3 HTTSic CABnrers-Mahoirany partment the Mecca of thrifty Wf I k Jl nIy " ""^k#-* t nt\
1 S7 n ! 8h thi. *"' $5.00 housewives since this sale beganj H.u^^thifw^ oS*. $24-00
I ,1<; this week only ..'..$ in'SO **** "° "^ O.f X™*^"^^
1 ' *'""'" pleted, and as a last-week incentive ««« «nd i*scs with plain cor-
| Bocms r o6W« o»k .nd pr i C es are. sensationally reduced. A Z? cl " hI r-.. l ":.. t "'...T!!. k .. $K>.00
1 mahogany flnleh: wood Beat; eolld 1_, , , J ... oalJ
I and durable; $8 BO; thia week CJ. 9*i These are not the Ordinary bar- PABLOE LAMP^-Very pretty
9 onlr . . ,, , • ¦* , and unlqne preaenta: In onyx and
1 V " gain-sa!e Carpets, but the SUperb b ra«i and porcelain and brass. t>100
J . Oolden oak. high back, earred. • fiA.. rnv * r | n( K tr--t hav*» h*ln*H tA $ 8 = tw » we « k onl f y*** vv
I rcry solid; wooden aeat; $7 60; <£c nn IIC0 - coverings tn*t nave neipea to * . co A
j thi. week only *™U identify Fredericks' with quality and f?:;^^!^;"/""^^!)
I Chair to match; $T 50; this flJC fin excluslveness. / " LADIES' WWTIKO DESKS
H week only $3.UU ~7"°!- **" -In Mahogany flnish. Maple and $7 CA
H . A • OT7K EHTIRE LI1TE Golden Oak. $10; thla week only «p«^»W
1 fE^Wi\BhJ^i Sm^= t s hr^ron,y Aim ! n^"$i.io tI *f*£*
ga this week only Smith's Axmlnster. $135; this week One Magnificent Mexican Onyx and
M DIVAH— Magnificently nphol- only OXJ Brass Parlor Cabinet; hand-
S steredtn satin ; burnished gold; CQfl rtf) 8% Wire Tapeatry Brussels, 85c.; CCC sotnely 'finished. $100; th1s $55.00
B $120; this weak only * ou ' uu this weet only a *> wee* only ¦;«
tA Bnrnlahed Gold Dlran- finely CKK flO Middlesex aud Hartford Axminat-r*! If) VEXin MABTIW PARLOR
*I « f^S T^.fhf. wi*V «mlT $OO«UU $1 75; this week only TABIX-Hand painted; nnlqne-djon 00
M finished; $80; thla week only....'* CLOSE OUT PATTERNS drsljrn. $38: this week only »&£U.UU
IB PARLOR CHAIR— Beautiful Blgelow Axmlnsters. $2: thl« (1 in • DRESSERS-In O*k. Mahogany
H Gobelin tapestry seat and b*ck; $CQ QQ we , k onlT $> I . ! U gn d Bird.^y- Mar-le of < "T-<?4.fl0
m $100; tW. -week only w< Bllfe ] ow « nd Lowell Body BnwselsCI OK tlrmal ralne $33: this week only^^.VV «
R GOLD PARLOR Sim - 3 $1 65; tn , 8 „-„* on , y &1.ZO HAT RACK-Walnat: magnlfi- ? R
I ss*^"" C0Tered; llM . : .. ttl . u $8O.oo 4^r«fe^!r5a» sii5 *s£ r . e is& i t5r£.?&... $100.00 p
H week oniy Brnsnels. >i ••(>; tni« wee* onij.. ¦»¦ r~a-rv a <t nvsr Rniitan r>«k li
I .t^ft^ahl^r^oga'ny t^jgg&£S^<^W -S^ SSFLSifc: 1
a 'finish and golden "oak; $3 60; thla §2.50 Snnford & Smith Tarestry Bntsse'.s gQC w c^ Y^ T i A L - " ' CABKrET-Hand-' l]
I On T 7 ABLE^B,-ch".nd"m:/ $5C0 Q0 S
f p^S3S»! ??SF^«5!!r.$25.00 /^ LnroLZ0JIB _r nI1 ilw - *r~n and lTory; $12 5o : thi, $ 8>0 o §
1 TTOKISH CHAIR - Genuln,«35 00 TtH Sj,""' $ ' " 55l5iJS^SB^i*'S%1S^ m B
1 "s^^GLAsStrLutV "%^rVdertn.V weekonly" $)]5 ft*™ S^^f&LSUIlb fl
1 isiSffi SBE8&S $^Vrader^,weeko n \y::: $| 00 ggjaB2S W. '?..•??; $16.00 1
m wood*; fine French herel triple $3.00 *W»TED LIKOUETOs^ ' ' ' " " " 7RC LADIES'^ DRESSETO TABLES fj
m mtrrorsY$n: this week only... ... * o>uu |l grade tbls week only '»> -Ool.l^n Oak: triple beTel $28.00 H
| ,750; this week only .£ -•$ K$Q ** Kr.de; thl. week on,, grc rt 1
I i-^tS^ii^S **^i^^^y.:::v:.\ A5 c ta . We ;.. $5 .^;... t ?!'..:.!! k ...$4j0O |
B carTed weathered oak; $65; this «48.00 AU Linoleums will hi laid at 10c per BEDROOM SETS— In Oak and *|
¦ week only ytrd. M jid Mahogany; 3 pieces: bed- |i
fp^^Hli REMNANTS i^^ft^l
i Belgium oak.* hand e*rTed$50 00 \ "f S? this weTi ' ob5 '. ..$»9-50 II
1 leather back; $75: thla weak only** • We haTe n fnll 1Ic< . of B^ ronJ i nts ln Vv _ f-oi?en Fl' 3 pieces. »2O; this C1C Af| H
1 Golden oak. hand-carred leatherff OC (Vfl holstery Fabrlrsi on exhibition at rcarTel-.n« _ „,. nnl _ .pw.w W
3 back; $00; this week only 3KJU.UV reductions. Also 10o Sofa •Onshfc>n» Ima.le MIRRORS-'rine Ma- 1 K
I" HALL GLASS - Elegantly I Xk SoSr« "taol"^^ 1 . 111 be8t Sr " Je h "^- UrffP Fr ' nc * , pl * tO $50.00 1
1 carTed; French barel mirror; " u nofi8) at "hsnlite cost. $ w th , 9 eek on i y .p^v.vv a«
P^S^l $Mw$^mM «- b^^..^.$'9-oo I
9 BOOX CASES— Mahogany fin- &J (\n 1 pair lot Blue Silfc Tape*try Tor- CC Cn Man ,, KaB y. Colonial design. $40: «OC f)A 11
I Ish- $050; this week only *' lUJ tleres. ?12 .V); this wetk onljr. . <5>U '» JU . h ., Z.^i rn ly V io#uv I]
"Un ¦«« ,u-. % — $11.00 ¦ ssr.g'^jsw..^ $9.00 's5>D »¦¦ -""" : .? 57 - 00 1
1 BK5J^.-..'!r:..« I . $32.00 i s^«t,^<SRBC 56.00 fl
If EXTENSION DINING TABLE 1 pair lot IW Silk Portiere, . i." upholstered ln French cut $ J C Jill If
M -Oak; 6 ft.; s 5 uare top. $7 50; tC CQ J^J 11 "'? 1 border. P !» In center. $12.00 rrionr $65: this we-k only #40i<JU ¦
I thi. week on.y...... ........... V&d f QO SSSx 518°°^ D^ 8
R Elegant weathered oak; 8 feet ? krtleres. $C; thla Vr^k only... P ° L J°^ ril .'_ h n * n vVtow ffiK t)1\ f
I cVrred^ U g" e $^ : thl fl S T wee n k a8 oS ?!8-00 H pair I«U at 50 to 70 per c,nt discount. jS^tW^w!:*^^....^.. J 65,00 I
j TiDEB^AR^EieZrKngiuh Odd Pairs of Lace Curtains ™f^%&l$ti& 1
R Oak; mirror back, $50; tbl9 $33 00 1 P« lr M « rl " Antoinette, white. fl?7 flfl In crinkle Silk Tape»try, J'.UlMC (Vfl f
S week only .» $ , 4; thlj we(>k only 3H.UJ th!l WMk on iy 4 1 O*1MJ If
I TAB0ITRETS-A11 woods; an 1 P»»r Irl^h Point, white. ?=": $ 1 A fifl MAHOGAJfT DIVA2T - pnteh .____¦»
I elec«it line of Tarlous styles this week only *'* UU Marquetry: upholst«r«<l la forwt tKn_nn I
1 »f fin 't 0^ to » 160: 75c and $1.00 ' »g s ". ony :. $7 . ro ;.. th ."..:r k $5.00 u ffioGSJv th A^T k cSSi-- * 0U< * JU I
I an» 1 ! B S6% I Battenber,. «»: thi^ek J^gQ 1
S ARM CHAIR-Mahogany; np- j ptlr Arab ian. $7; this week . CK flfl bo '^^ : «f T «d: uphoUteretf !a ?|
M holstered ln ros« color Drea- «OA AA on , T '......' 93.UU Silk Tapestry, $35; thla we** »<Vt nn I
M den atripe. $35; thla we«k only..«P^".UU f Antolnett(l $u -_ j.^ on i y .*Xf.UU I
M this week only >J»f .*»U II
H Q*» ??»»?? >»O j palr Ara bJa n , ji«; this ""k<MJ t T)Q ? * *** •• • • >Q B
I? Wall Papers' H3^^!s!g^Si$ 14.00 j Office Furniture ||
H » A telected itock of exclnslT. <> 1 pair Ruffle, white, $4; this $2.50 t U - «s« ~IT1 «n^ rVfW.-. ''«
[1 " patterns of 10c to 20e papers; <> week only ..'. »*»*¦ •«« ? Here JOU VM find OfOca ••II
I \ oniy we<k ..5 c anil 10 c :: 't^a'w^roniy 6 ..^!!?:..^: $6.75 Furniture to all the best pal- 1 1
I I .^d^i^T^:r^ n .2\ o :: Weshalltake possession of our » t™ ™i h m °**?^£l -I
it ,J tp ?* rT PtpeT ri o t^°'^' t om :: magnificent new establishment, 34 <• 0 *- j Jfl 5 J^i°°T \\
1 " ffw^'r;. 11 ..^.? 0 ?:.^ 0 : t0 % 2 Ellis Street, near Market. combine deddtd beauty «rf J
I t Gean m a^1*% ri ™k, F 7ro*m Nearly next month, with a compre- - wrkmanshlp with great ;;
I f^f^^r :: hensive and colossal presentation of ;; u !£%' m 2S m ~™. I !
I ;; oatr • l0 J the highest type of Furnishings ever { REDvCCD 25 PER CDCT J
H q, >«????«?? ??????o exhibited in the West. b tM «>•>•«<)
I opzs V 1"™* 1 # 1 - t* °"
I ==. josfredencks&ra ™
I 649.65||.MARKETSTkea'r N v IHusband Is Missing.
BERKELEY. Nov. 27.— Mrs. E. E.
David his aeked the authorities to
Hssist in finding her husband, former
ly a foreman in a lumber mill at Mon
roe, Mendocino County. David sent
his wife and three small children from
Monroe to Berkeley three weeks ago,
promising to come himself very >oon.
His family Is destitute. The wife
fears that her husband has met foult
Plan* for Church Dedication.
BERKELEY. Nov. i 27.—^The pro T
gramme 'of services In* connection with
the dedication of the new building: of
the First Christian Church has " been
arranged and it is now announced that
distinguished, ministers from abroad
will assist in the special services on
December 4,. continuing for one week.
The services on Sunday morning will
include a sermon by the pastor, Rev.
E. W. Da rst, assisted by Rev. J. H.
McCullough and Rev. A. C. Smither.
Special music will be rendered. At the
dedicatory service in the afternoon Dr.
Hiram .Van Kirk will preside. Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler will "de-,
liver the principal address.^;. , V
play. Hehad' $200 'when ; he wrote
that he had left Monroe. Mrs. David
is being cared for by members of the
Prebyterian church, with which she
is connected. .
Berkeley Office .San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Nov. 27.
The B.onnheim prize discussion will
take place in Hearst Hall next Satur
day night, when five clever men, three
from the junior and two from <^he
senior class, will discuss the ethics" of
the' "Open shop" problem for a prize
of J150, donated by Mr. Bonnheim,
and the glory that accrues from vic
tory in a Bonnheim contest.
The students who have qualified for
this discussion, are W. S. Andrews,- E.
Blackman and F. P. Griffiths of the
junior class and W. J. Musgrove and
H. A. Stout, seniors. ¦ The public will
be permitted to thear the discussion.
The university orchestra, will leave
on Saturday for San Rafael, where a
concert is to be given, the first paid
concert yet undertaken by the man
ager of the organization.
The university meeting on Friday
in Harmon gymnasium will be the
last for the current half year. All
other university exercises will be sus
pended during that hour.
"Provincial Paris" is the title of
the lecture which Robert Dupouey
will give, at the Students' Observa
tory "Hall on Thursday.* afternoon,
when the public will be made wel
come. The semi-annual Y. M. C. A.
dinner will be given at 6 o'clock of
thnt day at Stiles Hall.
The Art Association will give a
noonday concert on Wednesday and at
night the Freshmen Debating Society
will discuss at North Hall the ques
tion of a national system of compul
sory arbitration for labor disputes.
The senate will debate on Tuesday
the question of Hamlet's action in kill
ing those who caused his father's
death. '
A dinner in honor of Professor
George Howison's seventieth birthday
will be given by his colleagues and
friends in the faculty clubhouse on
Tuesday night.
Mr. Dupouey will lecture on French
humorists on the afternoon of Tues
day in the Students' Observatory Hall.
Berkeley Office Pan Francisco Call,
214 8 Center Street, Nov. >7.
Peace has come at last to the First
Baptist Church, and after months of
waiting, in which the congregation
was obliged to do without the ser
vices of a regular pastor, the vacancy
has beenfiJlerl by the Rev. William*]
C. Spencer, formerly of Alameda, and i
recently of Moline, Illinois... j
Dr. Spencer took charge of the
church to-day, preaching hi» intro
ductory sermon this morning. He is
expected to heal the wounds found in
a divided •church and bring prosperity
to a congregation that haj» undergone
disheartening experiences during the
last year. The church became di- |
vided over a former pastor, the Rev. i
R. L. Halsey. who was objected to by
pome because he engaged in secular
pursuits, ia addition to his ministerial
work. The congregation split into j
two factions over Mr. Halsey. and |
arguments which were bitter and j
acrimonious resulted finally in the !
pastor's leaving the church and ac
cepting work in tho government ser
vice at Honolulu. Then the two fac
tions in the church renewed their
arguments. , j
Rev. Adelbert S. Coates. a capable,
scholarly clergyman, took charge of
the church, but was unabie to bring
peace, and eventually his eupporters
withdrew from the older organiza
tion and founded a separate church.
Meanwhile, the old First Baptist
Church, possessing- a fine church
buiiding but no minister, tried various
preachers, without being able to unite
upon any of th^m as a permanent
pastor. A repetition of the old
FtniCTrle seemed imminent, when Rev.
W. C. Spencer was engaged, and with
his roraing the dove of peace is ex
pected to perch permanently between
the "porch and the altar."
PRIZE AWAITS
ABLE STUDENT
NEW MINISTER
BRINGS PEACE
Will Hold- Poultry Show.
? ALAMEDA. Nov. 27. — Fancy chick
ens from nearly all of the larger cities
on the Pacific Coast and as far east
us Kansas will be exhibited at the
fowl show to be held next Thursday,
Friday and Saturday by the Alameda
County Poultry Association at 1517
and 1519 Park street. Already the
entries number over three hundred. It
will be the first time that the Poultry
Association has exhibited here and
active interest is being taken by local
breeders to insure the feuccess of the
display. Badges will be awarded the
owners of the winning fowls instead
of the usual ribbon arid there will be
300 special prizes distributed. A. H.
Gregory is president and C. A. Tracy
secretary of the association.
OAKLAND, Nov. 27.— Leon V. Shaw
of Los Angeles, president of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union, was
the guest to-day of the Alameda Coun
ty union, at a large rally that was held
this afternoon at the First Congrega
tional Church. Men and women, lead
ers In local and State work of the En
deavorer. movement, took part in the
enthusiastic welcome to President
Shaw.
Edward Mc£inley. president of the
Alameda County Union, conducted the
exercises. " These consisted of a num
ber of addresses, interspersed with vo r
ca! music. President Shaw was optimis
tic in'his remarks upon the groat evan- (
gfcllstic power of the Endeavor organi
zation. : During his address President
Shaw said:
The mighty power that was developed at
the banta ilo«a State convention impels me to
»ay a word for the next convention to be held
at S-'unta Barbara. 1 am urging Endeavorern
throughout the Star* to lay their plans to send
large delegation* to tha southern city. Noth
lc^ In our work. It seems to me, will show
better result* than can be. gained from a
great attendance at that convention.
My thought to you to-day In that of ; per
sonal responsibility and Individual activity. I
am lmi>re«i»«d with the. Intent force that ex
ists among the young people of our churches.
It Is a principle of our organisation to give of
our best in heroic service to the cause of
Christ. This great world wide organization
¦prang from one little society of flfty mem
berm, of which Father Clark has told us. 1 FVcro
that lltt'.e society has. grown the 70.000 that
exist to-day. Trom. fifty members' it has
crown to 4,</W,000. who are giving not less
than Ji.OOO.OOO a y*ar to missions. We have
sent several hundred mltslonaries Into tha for
eUn field and many pulpits and home works
are occupied by Endeavorers.
I wou'd to Uod that we might bring ail of
the latent oowcr In our organizations to bear
upon the great work of evangelization. .. Per
sonal work and service ia my word to you.
Take a message of love and helpfulness to
uome one vJio Is In distress, homesick, friend
less or 111. - In this line of. personal service
we have « mighty force of 'M.ttOO Christian
Knd.avoiTH In California. Try to win men,
and women to Christ. ..This Is the. highest
ideal of Christian servlc*. . j^
H. E. Kelfer led a praise service that
opened the rally. W. N. Jenkins, the
State secretary, conducted devotional
exercises. The Rev. E, H. Hadlock,
State field secretary, declared loyalty
and obedience to the Ertdeavorer pledge
carried with it a duty to labor for
Chriptianity. He said: .•*""
Our mission Is world wide evangelization. I
rejolc* In- the 4,000.000 Christian Bndeavorer*
In the world. 'Let me speak of one thing- that
¦will ehow you somewhat of our movement.
I went on board the battleship Ohio a few
days ago and pledged fifty splendid young men
in that crew to work for Christ. They will go
forth In their rruisra as messengers of the
coHpel. You and I are proud of tho»e men.
And this ]s only Incident to the laixe effort
that our Endeavorerc are making the world
over. . .:"..'• ~-i . :t :< j«
Addresses were also delivered by the
Rev- E. E. Baker, pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, and J. W. Hatch,
president of Golden Gate Christian En
deavor Union. Dr. O. S. Dean and a
quartet composed of Dr; O. S. Dean, D.
I McDonald. Dr. Ray E. Gilson and W.
F. Kenne gave vocal selections. Miss
Isabel Seal rendered a violin number. '
OFFICERS OF CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR SOCIETY WHICH HKLI> REUNION YESTERDAYS
" Letters addressed to Johnny Strode,
Isleton, Sacramento County, with en
velopes stamped were taken in charge
by Deputy Coroner Quellen. Strode
is supposed to be Mrs. La Perle's fath
er. One of the messages, dated No
vember 26, invited "Dear brother and
father" not to write again, as Mrs. La
Perle was going away. A note dated
to-day, however, announced that she
would go home Thursday or Friday.
The hospital surgeons said the
wopan had taken carbolic acid, but
a seach of her room failed to uncover
the 1 vial in which, it is supposed, the
pofson was contained. Several hours
before she was found Mrs. La Perle
had tried at drug stores to buy car
bolic acid. A woman companion had
prevented the sale of the drug to her,
by asserting that the applicant in
tended to commit suicide. But Mrs.
La Perle eluded her friend and got
the poison. , |
It was at 2 o'clock that occupants
of the lodging house heard . screams
fcr help from Mrs. La Perle's room.
The woman was writhing in pain
when the startled people reached her.
The police were called and quickly
sent the su.fferer to the hospital. She
was beyond relief. The hospital sur
geons said she had taken a large
quantity of the poison.
Deputy Coroner Henry Quellen took
the body to the Morgue. Mrs. La
Perle had been living at the Davis
house for several months. She was
supposed to have been married to
William La Perle, a teamster.
Among Mrs. La Perle's effects the
following note was found:
"Alice — Please give George back
what money was left from last night,
and good-by. I am goind to end my
troubles. MAE.'*
Despondent and weary of life. Mae
La Perle, 30 years old. took poison
this afternoon. An hour later she
died at the Receiving Hospital, where
she was taken by Policeman McSor
ley, who had been called to the wom
an's room in H. Davis' lodging house.
419 Sixth street.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway. Nov. 27..
COMING EVENTS.
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
Vincent and Juliette Laguens to Octavla
Banta Brown (wife of William Orant Brown),
lot on S line of Thirty-fourth street. 116:.-. U uf
Market E 33:4 by S 10O. portion lot 5. block
K. property Central Lan.l Company, formerly
Brown Trait Oakland; $10.
The Realty Syndicate to GabrieMa Fisc.hbeck
(wife of S. H.). portion of lot 2:>. lying NE «>f
line drawn parallel to an<l distant at right
angle 2l>50 SW trom NE boundary line of lot
2S being XE 2^ 50. lot 25. block B. mat i.
Highland Terrace. Oakland, also SW 17. fi of
lot U« block H. same map. Oakland; *l<«.
Sarah A. M"Kee (by S. B. McKee. attorne> )
to Ila M. Converse, lot 15. block 7 map Buna
Fe Tract No. 5. Oakland, deed and agjeem«f.:.
$1 May V. Gray « widow) to Bertha Faig (wtf ?
ff Alexander i lot en E ltm- ut Alice str-^t. ...
y f of '^vemh.-S h by E LM> lot A «*«E£"y
lot 9. block 62. Kellersberger-s.map. Oakland.
V income Peralta Reservation Track. Temescal.
Oakland; $00O. .. . . .^
Ellen M. 0* la Montanya* to MrUhew de la
Montanya. lot on N line of SUth »tre«t. . .> v*
of Grove. N ICO by W 75, lots XI to .- », block
69, Kellersberger's map. Oaklan d; «'"• ,
The Realty Syndicate to J. >V...W elswinger
lots 3 and 4. block A. map 1, Highland Terrac* .
° a Ge^ge ; 'v°and Georxle X. Reed to Flea. K«
tate sfcurtty Company, lot 10. block 4 map
East Oakland Heights. East Oakland; *1 ( >-
R. A. and Florence E. Berry to \\ arren Che
ney, lot on S line of Parker street 10C >V. of
Grant. W 50 by B 130. lot .".. block C. Crystal
Springs Tract. Berkeley; $10. r>»icia».ri
Polfie Phoebe Smith < single) to Oakland
School District, lot on W line ,ot Jwton street
60 S of Eleventh. 9 5O by W lof>. lots 1.. 1*
and portion of lot 14. block 140. Kellersber
~er-s map. Oakland: $S5cx>.
The Reilty Syndicate to Ada M. Kust. wife of
Clement P Rust, lot on SE line of c.Ube.l
s C treTt. 40 SW of Gaskill. SW 45 by SE 129, por
tion of lots 19 to 22. block A. map No. I, High
land Terrace. Oakland: $10.
Leah F Mott UinglO to Jessie Scog^ins lot
on SW line of East Fifteenth street, lo.. SE « <r
Twenty. second avenue. SE 33 by JUV Ho an.l
portion of lots 11 and 12, block 61. San An
tonio, East Oakland: $10. »'*.«._•
Louis and Lottie H. Titus to Albert L. Hart,
lot 22. block A, Hopkins' Terrace, map ¦>, etc..
Tt^rW#*l**V * i ! I)
Ben and Annie 9. Person to NeU Person. l'<t
on E line of Seventh etreet. 2S«.«1 S of than
ning way. S 5O by E 1S3> lots 2S an.l 20. tlnok
135 Corrected map. Avery Tract. Berkeley; fHK
August Pettersson to Amanda Pettersson. Kit
on S Una of Herman street. 160 E of liaker,
E 80 by S 140. block 7, Herschel Tract, Berke-
George H. or George Henry and Ada Smith
to Carl and Franzlska Metze, lot on W line of
Tenth street, 100 N of Grayson. N »;2 by \V
130 and portion of lots 1, 2 and .1. block Ui_.
Grayson Tract. Berkeley, quitclaim deed: *15
J. A. and FTances L. Coop«r to Sarah A.
Hussey lot on S line of Pacific avenue. UOO B
of Chestnut street. E .".0 by JT l.%<):2, lot 1+.
block 5. lands adjoining to Enclnal. Alamed:i,
quitclaim deed: $10.
Louis H. Sharp, administrator of Thomas I>.
Mathewson"s estate, to William O. Daggett an>l
Louis K. Knapp. block bounded by Madison.
Jefferson. Mound and Court streets. bein« block,
«5, Stratton's survey, town of Alameda. Ala
meda; $2250.
Afamrria County.
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 28.
great success and Maple Hall never lookfij
prettier. The class colur. red. gave the kr>
not- for tht decorations and gorgeous lanterns
and scar'ot berries helped to make a bright
and beautiful picture. Among the **"<:•• rs
were Mif.sea Bcrrie Bronscn, Madelln Todd.
Fva Smiley Clan*. Franck and Hazel Palaiau
teer - ...
Among the throng of spectators at Te Lib
erty last night to witness a performance of
"The Merchant of Venice" wen? the E. C.
Morrisons. Mrs. Ycrker and Ula» Eva Yorker.
Pr. Pauline Nusbaumer. Mr. and Mrs. E. H.
Davis Misses Grace and Hazel Laymance.
Mrs. il. W. Blshorj and party.
ALAMEHA. Nov. 26.— Mr. and Mrs. Charles
T Holbrook entertained at cards this #venin<
at their home. «21."> Central avenue, in honor
of their daughter. Miss Dorothy.
Members of th« Saturday " Eventnsr Cotillon
held a party this evening In Woodmen Hall.
Harold Perry arranged the affair, which wa*
the seeonu given by the club this season.
Miss Rose Gallagher, wh" has b*en v!»ltln*
relatives and friends In Illinois for three
month* i» expected home on December 15.
Dr Mary Delano Fletcher has returned
from an Eastern trip. She wm a delegate tt>
th.> Nations! Ccnvention of the King's
Daughters. h*lrt In Connecticut.
OAKLAND, Nov. 27. — Many Interesting
events are on the cards for next week — the
Doll Show, of course, tha Friday Night Cotil
lon, the Hall i.«a tor Mis* Houghton and the'
opening reception of the Country Club. The
last will be an end-of-the-week. affair and the
members of the cljb have planned an elabo
rate entertainment for the hundreds who have
been Invited. If the present spring-like
weather continues It will be an putdoor affair,
with tournament* and various other forms of
amusement. Rockbridge Park, the new club's
home, will vibrate with music of a band, and
a substantial luncheon will attest to the hos
pitality of the hosts.
With everything In Its favor, there la no
reason why a country club such as will make
its social debut next Saturday should not soon
rival anything of the kind in the United
States. Some of the prominent members of
the new club are Sam. Bell McKee. Alfred
von der Ropp. Georse W. McN'ear Jr., Henry
A. " Hutters, Robert M. Fitzserald. William
Pierce Johnson, Philip E. Bowles, James K.
Mofntt, D O. Cad man. Edwin Ooodall and
Ueorce Wheaton.
• • •
The wedding of Miss Louise Stubbs and Mor
gan W. Jellett. next Friday evening, will be
an unostentatious little home affair, although
the. Stubb4 family has a large circle of ac
quaintances who are very much Interested In
the winsome young bride. A few intimate, j
friends will be the only additions to the rela
tives who will be guests. Miss Blanche Tis- I
dale will be the bride's only attendant. Her
brother John Stubbs will attend the groom. '
« • •
Joseph 'Roshorounh will spend the winter In
Southern California, much to the regret of ,
those who hoped to hear him. In "Pinafore." |
which is to be presented by local society talent
after the holidays.
• • •
Ray Baker Is on his way home, primed with
the latest In everything, and aa he is an inim
itable «tory-teller he will doubtless be in great
demand in the various club circles where he I
has always been a favorite. Reeves Baker
left to-day for a nhort stay in Nevada.
• • •
Thw "low senior dance" last n!rht vu a
Mnnlerer I* Sentenced.
REDDING, Nov. 27. — Thomas Ways
man, who was recently convicted of
murder In the second degree for kill
ing Patrick Phllbin, a cook under
whom he was employed as a waiter at
Keswick. was sentenced last night tr>
serve fifteen years in San Quentln
prison. Waysman is 50 years of
age and the sentence is practically a
life term.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 27.
Despite the action of the university
authorities in dismissing W. T. Hale,
editor of the Daily Californian, from
college for one year, thus testifying to
the disfavor in * which he is held by
the university faculty, friends of the
young student editor have determined
to give him a substantial testimony of
their admiration and esteem, before he
leaves this week for his home in San
Diego.
Hale was dismissed for criticizing in
sarcastic editorials the faculty and par
ticularly the military section of the in
structors. He ridiculed the order of
Captain Nance, that the "potent, grave
and reverend seniors" march in mili
tary fashion into the classroom. Hale
in his paper invited all and sundry,
on the day of the order was issued, to
"come up to the campus and see the
fun," or words to that effect. A sen
sational riot followed, with reports of
which the pres3 of the State were filled,
so that it was found necessary, even
tually, for the university authorities
to take cognizance of the offenders.
Forty-eight of them are now on proba
tion, threatened with expulsion if they
do not obey orders.
Hale was suspended for a year, as
being • indirectly responsible for the
liot. He persisted to the last in de
claring his right to criticize the facul
ty, when justice demanded criticism,
but the faculty decided that* he was
wrong, and President Wheeler gently,
but firmly, applied the official ax, and
the boy editor's fate was at once the
sensation of campus and college hall.
He is now to be the guest of honor
at a testimonial banquet given by his
classmates and such alumni as are in
terested in the affair. He will sit at
the liead of the festal board and listen
to the eloquent words of youthful col
legians who wish to show that despite
Hale's humiliation they esteem him
highly, and believe him to be a youth
of character and high ideals, in disgrace
temporarily, but deserving of tokens of
regard.
Hale will receive a bound copy of
The Daily Californian. which he edit
dU, and in the volume will be blank
pages of paper, on which will be placed
the signatures of those who attend the
dinner given to him. Richard O'Con
nor. '04, editor of The Daily Californian
during his senior year at the univer
sity, is arranging the details of the af
fair, which probably wJH take place
next- Wednesday night In Oakland.
Joseph' Loeb; managing editor of The
Daily Californian, has been directed by
President Wheeler to remove Hales
name from the paper as editor when it
is issued to-morrow.
The question of faculty censorship
of college publications is to be dis
cussed exhaustively at a meeting of the
University Press Club to-morrow night.
The club is composed of prominent un
dergraduates who are connected with
university publications.
Screams for Help Are An
swered, but the Fatal Po
tion Had Done Its Work
Hally & Co., E. D. Judd & Co.. A. R.
Denke and the Alameda Land Company
all report an increase in business since
the election.
BERKELEY, Nov. 27.— Extensive im
provements in North Berkeley, which
will make that section of the universitv
town vie with other better known parts
in the opinion of real estate experts,
are planned by the Northland DeveloD
ment Company, which to-day awarded
a contract to the King Construction
Company for the sewering, macadamiz
ing and the laying of 3000 'feet of drain
age pipe In land near Grove and Cedar
streets. . The . work • ordered done is to
cost $30,000. i
It Is said to be the intention of the
Oakland Traction Company to extend
its Grove street line Into the tract to
be improved as soon as the work of Im
provement Is completed. : The . creek
there will be filled in after the drainage
DlDe has all been laid.
During the last two weeks Hammond
& Hammond negotiated the following
sales: Five-room cottage on the south
east corner of Post and Madison
streets to Randolph Graden: five-room
cottage on lot 50 by .150 on Oak street,
near Central avenue, to Charles W.
Wong: lot and six-room house on the
south side of Jefferson, street, east of
Regent, to Mrs. Mary Asmus. This firm
has also in process of negotiation two
deals, one Involving the transfer of a
residence and the other" the sale of a
large tract of land.
Charles S. Adams & Co. of Bay Sta
tion report business unusually auiet
with them for ten days. They expect
that it will pick up with the close of
the' month. 7. : *"* -
William Dufour & Co. sold to Mrs.
Abbie Lewis last week a larse two
story residence on Railroad avenue,
hear Minturn street. The firm Is flerur
ing on the construction of an artistic
home on Paru street.
J. S. Hanley & Co. effected the trans
fer of two lots on High street, between
Post and Jefferson street, on which two
cottages will be built. This firm reports
an increasing demand for cottages to
rent.
satisfied with the prospects and pres
ent conditions of the market. Con
cerning the firm's business. Mr. Hawks
said :
While the election and campaign may have
had a quieting effect on the. realty business
that is fast passing away. When people are
seeking homes they are not an a general thing
deterred from doing so by political matters.
We have had numerous demands for four, five
and six room cottages to rent and have been
unable to give prospective tenants what they
want. There is an unprecedented call for
homes that rent for from $15 to ?2l> a month.
We recently sold a lot to a Mrs. Lawrence
on Railroad avenue, between Fifth and Sixth
streets, upon which the new owner will Im
mediately erect a commodious cottage.
Berkeley and Alameda Deal
ers Are Well Satisfied
With the Present Outlook
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Nov. 27.
With the opening of winter the ex
pectations of local real estate dealers
that there would be a marked increase
in business have been fully realized.
There Is hardly a firm in the city that
has not had all the business that could
be handled during the last week, de
spite the fact that Thanksgiving week
is generally rather dull. All parts of
the city seem to rind favor with pur
chasers and renters, and many in
quiries have been made for centrally
located business property.
Dealers In Berkeley and Alameda also
report increased activity since the elec
tion. In Alameda the demand for cot
tages continues to exceed the supply,
and it is expected that as soon as the
winter is over there will be a build
ing boom in the "Island City." Much
street work is being done in North
Berkeley at present, for the purpose of
opening up new building tracts.. A
contract has just been let by the
Northland Development Company for
street and sewer work to cost $3000
The Syndicate Investment Company
has just secured Barker. Park, one of
the finest residence tracts in Frultvale,
which has already been snbdivided into
building lots. Nineteen of' these- lots
wtre sold last Thurday Barker Park
Is a part of the F. L. Barker property,
and is located on Fruitvaje avenue Just,
above the county road. The price paid
for the tract was $35,000. and the value
of the lots already sold approximates
$10,000. \
William J. Laymance, president of
the Laymance Real Kstate Company,
reports an active market with a splen.
did outlook, for the winter. He said:
. We have sold during the past week for John
W. Phillips, the well known capitalist, and E.
B. Pond to A. Silvergteln the two-story busi
ness block and lot 2.1x1 (X> feet on the north line
of Eighth street, 1'2!> feet east of Washington,
fcr $»T.Vi.
V\> havp also sold a suburban tract of unim
proved iota in the neighborhood of *1O,(XH> to
another local capitalist.. This property Is be
ing purchased to be held by the buyer as an In
vestment, a* he has great faith in the future
value of Oakland suburban property.
We have also sold for Mrs. M. McGinn to
George Ro?lh. anothrr well known capitalist,
the southwest corner of Sixth and Clay streets. (
size T5xlOO feet, with improvements, for $S5U>.
For Professor George C. Edwards to W. A.
Pattiani. an- eiijht-room house, with lot 40x100
feet, situated on the north Bide of Twenty-flrst
street, 200 feet east of Webster, for $0000.
We have also leased two of the handsome
new home* In this same block at $45 per
month. This proves the fact that new houses
find ready tenants. White these houses were
built for the market, the rentals paid such good
interest that Profensor Edwards leased same
instead of »el)in». - .
Several sales 'uf 'cheap house* and lots Indi
cate that the man of moderate means is very
much In evidence. There is also a large class
of buyers who are hard, to accommodate — peo
ple who arr wanting Income. Investment prop
erties. It is difficult to find this class of prop
erty because the present owners have such
confidence In their holdings that they will not
place the. same in the market.
A prominent Oakland banker remarked to me
yesterday that there must be a great many
new people coming into Oakland, as he cannot
r.'member a time when there were so many
new bank accounts opened. This speaks wel
for our city. And not only new residential
people are coming to Oakland, but new busi
ness firms 'are looking toward our fair city.
We have recently located the Pacific AN ood and
Willowware Company, a wholesale concern.
This company has taken a long lease on a two
etory brick building on Washington street,
near Seventh. We have also leased two of tha
ntores in the new O. H. King building at
Twelfth and HarrUon streets, one to P. Me-
Mullen for Hve years for a wholesale and re
tail hardware business and the other to R.
Price for three years for a wholesale and re
tail candy business.
We are informed that the success attending
the soliciting of students by the Polytechnic
Business College, which has leased the three
upper floors of this new building, i» so encour
aging that another story may be added to the
building. Mr. King ha» expressed h )¦»»»?*:
ness to make this a flve-story building should
they require the added space. He says he
realizes the great importance of 1000 or }-**>
student*, coming from the States of VV«shing
ton. Oregon and California, means to this clt>.
The president of the Continental Paint and
Varnish Company, which company was recently
located by us, informed me that he was well
pleased with Oakland as a manufacturing and
distributing point, and that he was Re ting
some splendid business from San Francisco
and Pac.nc Coast firms. He also said he. had
negotiations on for some large orders to the
South American countries.
A. F. Cornwall, secretary of the E.
P. Vandercook Company, said:.
The real estate outlook Is much better since
the elAtlon. We look forward to an exceed
ingly good winter trade, as there is a strong
demand for small properties ranging In price
from $1500 to f'tOOO, and ' situated near, car
lines or local^trains.
A large number of Eastern people are mak
ing inquiries about Oakland and its surround
ings, with a view to locating here in the near
future. The demand for good cotta«es and
small flaU for rent continues »t«* d >'-' and •"
many Instances we are unable to fill the wants
of our customers.
A. L. Krelss of the firm of Kreiss &
Horswill, who have just opened a
general real estateofflce at No. 10.0
Broadway, reports a prosperous be
ginning and gives it as his opinion
that the realty market at the present
time is in better condition and has -a
livelier and steadier trend than it had
this time last year. He also reports
the following sales for the past week:
Lot on Shattuck avenue, 50 feet south
of Ashby to Dr. Faulkner; lot on
north side of Thirty-first- street, east
of Grove, to Mrs. Joseph Rattray for
Ernest Roeder; also, $7000 apartment
house, southwest corner of Bancroft
way and Telegraph avenue, Berkeley,
to , Mrs. A-' A. Hutchins for T. Bril
liant, i- "
The East. -Oakland . Real Estate
Dealers* Association met Wednesday
evening at the office of Albert
Schmidt and formulated plans for
permanent organization. Rules for
the selling of property by agents were
discuBsed. but no definite action was
taken. B. H. Welch. D. W. La For
tune and T. W. Jeff reps were appoint
ed to draft an agreement relating to
organizing the association, and W. R.
Plunkett, Hugh Cameron and Albert
Schmidt were appointed a committee
on membership and ' organization.
Another meeting of the association
will be held at the same place, 1122
Thirteenth avenue, on Wednesday.
ALAMEDA. Nov.* 26.— With the po
litical campaign over, local dealfcrs in
realty look for a quickening in every
department of the business. The de
mand for modern cottages to rent con
tinues as strong as ever and' the sup
ply, as short as formerly. Flats,
apartment houses and the larger two
story residences are not sought for in
Alameda as are in, other cities.
When people, come here to live they
want, to" get, close to the earth and,
for this reason," the cozy cottage with
its 'ample rear yard and front lawn
and' 'garden has' the call over other
classes of homes. •.
'Hawks & Mehrtens,- a new real
estate firm at the West End, Is highly
University Press Club Will
Discuss. Right of Authori
ties to Act as Censors
KEAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Speakers Tell Wittf Enthusiasm of Vast Work, Done by
Combined Christian Workers of the Society.
BARKER PARK IS SOLD
EDITOR WELL ESTEEMED
EXPIRES AT HOSPITAL
Real 'Estate Men Report an
Increase in Demand for
All Kinds of Property
Mae La Perle Puts End to Her
Life by Drinking a Large
Draught of Carbolic Acid
Complimentary Banquet to
Be Given to Student Who
Fell Afoul of Faculty
Endeavor ers Hear Wisdom From State Chief
WELCOME IS GIVEN
TO LEON V. SHAW
WINTER MARKET
OPENS STRONG
COLLEGE MEN
LOYAL TO HALE
WEARY WOMAN
TAKES POISON
THE SAX FRANXISCO CALL/ MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2£. 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures
Sore Throat
A Harmless Antiseptic.
Endorsed by the medical profession.
Send ten cents to pay postage on
free trial bottle. Sold by Lead-
ing Druggists. Not genuine unless
label bears my signature :
61OPrinc»St..N. Y. .
Writ« for free booklet on Rational Treat-
ment of Disease.
FOR THE WIVES.
Dau'ohters and.Sveetfiearts
"FASHION M0DEL5" '
Of the very swellest and most up-to-date gowns will be issued by*
|| THE SUNDAY CALL
to all its readers in the near future.
By special arrangement with .The American Lithograph Com-
pany THE CALL will place in the hands of every reader a beauti-
ful form model (in colors), showing from week to week the very
latest patterns of gowns, garments, hats, etc., on the market. This
series of Fashion Models will run for several weeks and will cer-
tainly prove of great interest to all lovers of beautiful designs in
garments. In addition to the series of models there is a figure
printed (in colors) on heavy cardboard, which is given with the first
model issued by this paper. Being printed on heavy stock it is not
easily mutilated, or destroyed — all gowns fit this figure, are strictly
up-to-date and designed under the supervision of one of the best
fashion experts in this country. Every little detail is attended to
with the greatest care.
In all cases where it is appropriate a hat appears with the model
of costume and is designed to harmonize with it. The series in-
cludes patterns ranging from shirt waists to ball gowns. The quality
of the fashion plates is unsurpassed.
Patterns for the gowns, etc., shown in models are manufactured
by The May Manton Pattern Company and may be secured through
this paper. m
Aside from their value as a pattern series it has great value as
a doll. The children will be delighted with such a creation, and each
Sunday they are supplied with a new gown, so that when the series
is complete they have a fine doll with an attractive wardrobe.
If you are not already a reader of THE CALL, be sure to sub-
scribe soon and secure this series of FASHION MODELS.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
* ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.U Angels Are Awarded Protested
Gam*" They Will Meet Tigers.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27.— Los An
geles won both games to-day from
Seattle. If President B»rt of the Pa
cific Coast League decides in their
fai-or a protested game with Portland
the Angels will be one game ahead of
Tacoma and will thus be entitled to
play them a vost season series for
th* championship. If Bert decides in
favor of Portland the Angc-Is will lose
by a few points and if the game is
thrown out altogether the Angels and
Tigfrs will be tied and a i>ost series
will certainly result. The game in
question was played some months ago
in Portland. McDonald and Mc-
Carthy wrre umpiring. The latter
gave the game to Portland. Manager
Morjoy says the former was in favor
<>f giving it to the Angels. Bert prom
ised to decide the, question when Mc-
Donald returned to San Francisco, but
so far has not given out his rulinr,
Both games to-day were played ra the
afternoon ar.d drew 6000 people. The
firFt was easy for the Angels, as they
ouihit their opponents. Baum was
a mystery to the Siwashes in the sec
ond fiamo, which was called after
one-half of the sixth inning had been
rlay?d. Scores:
FIRST GAME.
Loe Angles— ; Seattle—
AB.R. H. O.A.i ABR H. O A
rior-J. 2b 4 1 2 7 3V.Hltn.cfS 0 0 10
J.Smth.Sb -1113 3 Mohler.2b 1 O 1 0 2
Cravtb.rf,S 2 2 1 0C.8mth.rf 5 0 14 1
Cbase.lb'5 1 1 U 1 Frirk. If 5 0 2 3 0
Kacer.cf. 5 1 3 1 0 Lealiy.c. 4 O 0 3 0
ttos*. If.. 4 2 1 1 « !)f!hty,3b S 0 0 11
TTmsn.es 110 12 Fremn.lb 4 2 2 10 0
Fpl«*. c. 4 1 2 4 lin.Han.aa 40314
Grey. p.. 4 0 I © i,Hr. BK . p. 4 0 2 1 3
T««l..=5 To Tz K « Wilm "- 3b _l _1> _1J? _i
I Totals. 36 2 12 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lrr Anreles ... O 2 0 0 3 11 3 T t A
BwHlte.:.. O 1 1 l 4 2 O 4 ZZYl
F«-a»t> o o o 1 o o o 0 lZ I
lite Hit* .... 2-2O2O1O1 4-12
Stolen baree— Flood. .1. f=mit!i. Krr»jrj«— He'.
haiXy. Freeman «r). H«ni«- run — «'ravath Two
l**e hit-Frwman. SaTffice hlt^j. Smit h
tp:«-B. Fir&t has* on error.— Is* Anrelr* 1
l^e.t on ba».o»— Lns AnpN 11. Heattl* If.'
First base on called hal!*-orr H.^rr H, off Grey
Portland Beats the Pennnnt Winners
on the Sacramento Grounds.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 27.— Overall
wag somewhat erratic in his work to
day, while Ham Iberg was twirling
the game, of his life and up to the
eighth inning held the Tigers at his
mercy. Fully 5000 fans witnessed the
game. The feature of the game was
the batting of Starkell, who took Na
deau's place in left field in the seventh
Inning. Score:
Tacoma — I Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Doyle.cf. 6 0 0 1 ODrenan.cf 4 1 0 1 o
Sh-hn. 3b 4 1 2 3 4|Starkel.lf 2 12 10
Casey.2b 4 12 2 2;Runkel.«» 4 1 1 "0 0
Nordk.lb 3 0 O 11 OjBeck.3.. 5 0 1 0 5
Raymr.es 4 0 11 2 Frary. c. 4 1 2 8 0
McUrn.lf 4 113 lJThlelm.rf 3 0 2 3 0
Grahm.c. 4 0 0 6 l!Spencr.2b 4 " 0 113
Fitild.rf 4 0 10 OJKelJcy.lb 3 1 1 11 0
Overall.p 4 0 0 0 2,Ibergr. p. 3 0 0 0 3
|Nad*au.lf 3 0 0 2 0
Totals. 36 3 7 27 12
¦ t cV'/j Totals. 35 5 10 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 0—3
Bas* Hits 001 O 02130— 7
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 1 1—5
Base His 0 0 0 2 0 12 3 2—10
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — McLaughlln, Graham. Errors^
Beck 2. Three-baw hit— Starkell. Two-base
hit* — Casey <2>. Starkell. McLauphlin.Thielman
and Phf-ehan. Firwt base on errors — Tacoma 2".
First bas« on railed balls — Off Overall 4. oft
Iherg 1. Left on bases — Tacoma 7. Portland 8.
Struck out— By Overall 4. by Ibcrg 7. Hit by
pitched ball— Krllackej . Passed ball— Graham.
Wild- pitch — Overall. Time of game — One hour
and forty minutes. Umpire — Perrine.
IBERG OUTPITCHED OVERALL
Whalen Snowballs Oaks.
Jimmy W'halen celebrated his last
game for Uncle Hank by snowballing
the Commuters on their own battle
ground in the morning. He let them
off with six hits, all scattered in vari
ous innings. The Seals fell upon Jones
in the flret and seventh spasms and
eased two through. The score:
Oakland— i Ban Francisco—
AB.R. H. I>.Jl. AB.R. H. P.A.
Mskm.rf 4 O O 1 0 VnBn.lb 4 1 2 10 O
Frr.ks.w 4 O O 2 3 Hldbd.lf 3 10 4 0
Dnif-vy.lf 4 0 110 Meany.rf 4 0 3 3 0
6chSy.2b 4 0 12 6 Iruin.3b 3 0 2 0 1
6cr-.dt.cf 4 0 12 0 Waldn.cf 3 0 0 10
fctrelb.lb 3 0 0 11 0 Andsn.2b 4 0 2 4 2
I»evTTC.:ib 3 0 10 3 Gchnr.ss 3 0 1 1 S
Ftark. c. 8 O 1 4 0 Wilson, c 4 0 O 4 O
Jones, p. 3 0 1 1 3 Whaln.p 3 0 0 0 3
Total*. 32 0 6 24 is' Totals. 81 2 10 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Ba*e hit* X 11010011—6
Ean Francisco 1 0 0 0 0 0 10 x— 2
Base hlt« Z j* 10 2 12 1 x— 10
6T7MMARY.
Stolen bases — Gochnduer. M»anr. Sacriflc*
bJls — irwin. Gocbnauer. Kirst base on called
bedls — OS Jones 2. L*ft on ba*es — Oakland 5
Ben Frencleco ». Struck oat— By Jones 3. by
Whalen 3 Double p!ay— Anderson to Van
Euren. Passed ball— Stark. Time of gam*—
1 -.20. Urr.rilre— McDocaJd.
PEXXAXT STILL. ,IX DOUBT.
Ch»s«. Wild pitches— Hogtr 2. Hit by pitched
ball— Mohler. Time of ram«— One hour and
fifty minutes. Umpire — Chance.
SECOND GAME.
Los Anrele* — l Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. j AB. R. H. P.A.
F1ood.2b. 3 0 13 liVHltn.cf 3 0 12 1
J.Smth3b 2 2 11 2 .vnn-rSh i n o i n
Cnth.rf. 2 1 2 1 <• Cfcnth,rf 8 1X0*
Chaso.lb. 3 0 2 5 1 V,uk..k.. .i o 2 «> «.•
Eager.cf. 2 0 0 3 0 Wkrsip.c .'i 0 2 4 1
notB.lt.. 2 0 2 0 0 Dlnty.2b 2 0 12 2
Tcman.sa 2 0 0 0 lFremn.lb 3 0 16 1
Spies.c. 2 0 0 2 I! K.Hall.as 2 0 0 13
Baum.p. . 2 0 0 3 2 Bhlelds.p 2 0 10 2
Total*. 20 3 8 IS 10 Totals 24 1 9 13 1U
Hl'NS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Lou Anpeles 0 0 0 2 1 x — 3
Ba*e hits 2 1 0 3 2 x— 8
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 i— 1
Base hits 0 3 1X1 3—8
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — J. Smith, Blankenshl?. ¦ Free
man. Two- base hit — Blankenshlp. Left on
bases — IvJ-_- Angeles ."•. Seattle 4. Bases on
ball* — Oft Shields 2. off Baum 1. Struck out —
By Bauni 2. by Shields 1. Double plays — Baum
to Flood; Spies to CThase to Baum. Wild pitch
— Shields. Time of same — 1 hour 20 minutes.
. Umpire — Chance.
Laurlcr in Salt Lake,
SALT LAKE. Nov. 27.— Sir Wilfrid
Laurier, Premier of Canada, spent
the day here and will leave to-mor
row for San Francisco and Los An
geles.
The Beneflcencia R. G. Company
OF SAN FRANCISCO— ORGANIZED MAT.
1&00.
TO THE PUBLIC!! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS: 1 . AH genuine tickets of this com
pany have Initials "R. O. Co." on faces and
monogram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
Following are the capital prizes a* decided
bv the Beneficencla Publlca Company, Thurs
day. November 24. 18O4: No. 6428 wins J75OO.
sold' In Sacramento. Cal.; No. C592 wins $2500,
Bold in Merced. Cal.: No. 3S4S2 wins J1250. Bold
In San Francisco. Ca!. : Nob. 2421S. 54142. 55484,
57699. GC10.1 each win ?125. sold in San Fran
cisco. Oakland, Madera, Vallejo. Cal., and
Portland, Or.
The R. G. Company paid to Mrs. Pauline
Jacobs. 300 Van New ave., San Francisco,
Cal.. $7500 for whole ticket No. 40858. drawing
November 12. 1904; to John Keljey, 2S17 Dick
son st.. St. Louis, Mo.. $7500 for whole ticket
No. 20300. drawing October 27, 1PO4; to A.
Patrlttl. 276O Clark avtnue, St. Louis, Mo..
$2500 for whole ticket No. 54434, drawing Oc
tober 27, 1904. . • •
BURGLAR STEALS MONEY.— Oakland.
Nor 27.— A burglar broke into Charles F.
Davis' room at the Charleston. 00.1^, Washing
ton street, last night and stole ?6.
California Calendars for 1005.
California Poppy. Polnsettia, Chinese
and Redwood Calendars. . All new— best
ever — r*ady for mailing. Sanborn, vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. *
ecio.1 lcwjfflnxt 2o;nc2St 40
Gt-nn 4f.i»:r^i»> 4oIeeoM.v... 40
67O41 2C|tr704f> 2OIB7122 *»
«7."^io 4<i;ti74S7 ' 40«7»;«5 4O
fi7OM 20 67730 2OC7821 2«>
cTnn 2o{6svn 20
r^Zix so r.szn 2C0|<sxna 4»».
•••MMH 4C'f*4f>l 2O|«M21 2»
RfM20.>... 20 ilNSfir, 20BS724..V.." 40
P87B5...... 2u!t:S025 2C C8TKH 1O>
CMll.l 2i:|WC70 4O!K. f ».'M)7 20
«U79. .... 4f>;t3a»r> 20I700U '•-¦»
70WJO 40|701 Ml 100i7l£<¥< •-•!>
7(X(40 20|704.T5 2i:, 7nca| 20
70349 2Oj7C.V>.t 20|70H41 4I»
7Ci«t7 4070131 40 7I1K9 4l>
71210 4IKJ7128H 40 71333 4l»
7I1MI 40171441 100:71610 3>
71«87 20 71*711 40171707 2O
71751 20i72ia« 20 724-% 20
7250O ICO|72«10 St>i727t2 4»»
7275.<» 20»727!X> , 40!72S47 2O
7.1112 40|7:i4«7 20 7:5701 2t>
73719 1»JO I 7.T7::7 2d;7:J744 ¦ 3»
7"?7r>O 4O7.'ts7i» 20(73009 40
74200 40:74149 4(?!7442S 2O
74540 40174007 20174617 2O
74SOO 20I7510 21)73217 20
7M.I2 2O73U1 lui>:7.V»M rn
"o~Mi 2f.75:)S.T 4OI7ff020 4O
7«C*0 2T 1701.16 20|7«292 *-•'»
7SIK> 2C0I7W13 40 7B44D 10«>
7KM 20O7KK4S 40|7»i679 20
7fi7!):t 20!7(-S2!> 40I761MA.'..., 40
• •0-.1 2OI7715!> 20'7727S -•>
"728.1 . 40:772<«4 2CI77.106 20
774O.T 2P<»i77402 20 777CS lf)O
77829 46(77857 2OI77STO 4<>
"7917 40'77»44 10OI7S06S ¦ 4O
7HO71 2OI7S400 4017*429 20
"78379 20 7S38tt 40 78S30 2l>
79052 20179246 20:7ai05 2<>
79470 N»!7»500 100i7954» 4O
79K):: 40!70»:29 40170333 20
70815 20J73882 1001
APPROXIMATION PRIZES. N'
100 numbers from 6378 to 6478. Inclusive. b«
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of fCO.OOO. fflO,
10O numbers from 6W2 to 6tH2. Inclusive, be
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of 120,000. $40.
100 numbers from 3S432 10 3.SS32. Inclusive,
belnff 5o numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital pr!«e of 910.000. |2O.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
709 numbers ending with 28. being tHe last
two figures of the number drawing tn» capital
prize of JGO.OOO. $20.
799 numbers ending witTi 02. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prlxe of $20,000. $20.
The subscribers having supervised the above
drawing of the lottery of the Beneflcencia Pub-
Ilca hereby certify that the above is an exact
copy of the numbers which were this day drawn
from the 80,000 placed In the wheel, with the
prizes corresponding to them. Witness our
hands at the City of Mexico, this 24th day of
November. 1904.
S. JOSE DE LA VEGA. Treasury Dept.
IT. DASSETT1. Manager.
JUAN' B. CASTELLO. Intervenor. !
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
i\l° II? I
Taccrna. z « «~~ 11 18 S3 64 -5T1 !
Lo« Angolea... 6 x 16 8 U H 60 .8W|
Oakland 13 11 x 13 9 14 60 .533 j
6aa Fr*nd*oo. 7 4 19 x 14 11 f'3 .60* |
fe*.tU« 10 15 3 15 x 10 M .477 |
Portland 13 10 I 6 2 x 3S .345
Loet «S 46 63 63 CS 72 330
The baseball season of 1904 !s but a
memory, a bitter one to some and one
DUed with Joy for others. Following
the ancient tradition that has held good j
for years San Francisco walked off the :
field triumphant in the goodby strug-
Cle yesterday at the Eighth street lot. |
Oaldand made but a sorry showing and i
the g3jne finished 7 to 3. In a bright !
exhibition at Oakland in the morning i
the Seals snowballed the Commuters.
Scon 2 to 0.
The teams finished just about the
way they promised to do about a ,
week ago — Tacoma first, in a canter;
Los Angeles a fair second, Oakland
Just in third place, the Seals fourth
and coming hard, Seattle nagging and
hugging fifth position, and the unfor
tunate Brownies, the Joke of the sea
ton, last and a bad last at that.
A fairly good crowd invaded the park
to ger a last glimpse at their favorite
toshers, whom they may never lay eyes
on again. It was a good natured gath
ering that seemed to enjoy each play
and some pretty bad ones came off
during the progress of the game. The
field was wet and slippery and fast
fk-ldingr was out of the question.
The Commuters wore outplayed, espe
cially on the bases. Wheeler handed
them a brand that they never quite got
j' rry to, except in the first two spasms.
Ihe Seals soon became wised up to
the fact that they might do some good
work on the sacks and they neglected
no opportunities to show their speed
and at the same tirr/e get several easy
AB. R. H.P,A.i AB. R. H.P.A_
Vr.Brn.lb 2 1 0 S 0 Mkrr.n.rf. 5 12 11
Hidhrd.lf 3 2 13 0 Krncki.s 4 0 16 2
Uesnr.rf 4 1 1 3 <» Dnlvy.lf. 4 0 13 1
lv«m.:;b. 2 0 O 1 0 Sch!fly.2b 5 0 12 2
WJdm.cf 4 1 O © OUrham.cf 3 0 0 2 0
AadsauSb 4 1 O 1 3 Strelb.lb. 3 0 O S O
Oochnr.s 4 1 2 O 2 Devrx.3b 4 12 14
V.ilson.c 4 0 10 OjPtark.c 3 0 0 2 0
Wbeelr.p 3 0 2 1 €.Schmdt,p 4 110 2
Tot»Is.30 7 7 27 111 TtoUls.35 3 8 24 12
RUNS AND HITS HY INNINGS.
Oakland 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1— S
Baa* fclts 2 3 0 0 0 1 O 1 1—8
£»n Francisco 2 040O001 x — 7
Vase hits 1 2 3 O O 0 O 1 x — 7
SUMMARY.
Stokn bases — Hlldebrand, Anderson, Wai- i
divtn. Onchnaufr. Wllion, Punleavy. Errors — ¦
£th!«fley «2>, Gcchnauer <2), Anderson (2), i
Ltevcrarax. Sirelb. t-tark. Gr&harn. Two-base;
lii<-» — Sehlafley. Gochnauer. Sacrifice hits — !
FranckF. Invln. First baae on errors — San
Franciso 3. Oakland 2. Flrrt ba*e on called
rm!!s— Off \Vh«*l*r 3. otZ Schmidt 4. Left on
bnfrv — San I"Tanci«co 3. Oaklani 10. Struck
out— By Whe*!tr 8. by Schmidt 1. Hit by
pitcher — Strelb. Double plays— Frsncks to
F:rclb; Devereaux to Franck* to Strtlb. Time
tl «an:f-_i:45. Umpire— McDonald.'- .
PORTLAND. Nov. 27.— That the Cud
ahys of Omaha and Chicago will soon
be in a position to dictate terms in the
salmon market of»the world is apparent
by a deal now on for the control of the
Pacific Packing and Navigation Com
pany, the largest cannery corporation
upon the Pacific Coast. Demlng &
Gould, brokers of Chicago and San
Francisco, are backed by the Cudahys In
their effort to obtain' the majority of
stock in the company.
The Cudahys now own some stock in
the Pacific American Fisheries Com
pany, a subsidiary company. Most of
the Puget Sound salmon are packed
under Cudahy management. They
wished to buy out the Pacific American
Fisheries Company entirely, but the
other stockholders would not sell to
them. T. McGovern believed he could
buy the stock for about J225.00p, but
George T. Myers, apparently acting for
Cudahy. forced him to pay $310,000 by
close bidding in the auction.
It is believed that the people back of
McGovern will not be able to put up
the money stipulated and the Cudahy
agents can then secure the stock. The
deal for the control of the Pacific Pack
ing and Navigation Company will be
closed December 10.
Wanted for Perjury.
Lawrence Alexander, formerly in
the employ' of the United Railroads
as a conductor, was taken into cus
tody Saturday night by Detective Silva
and will be' charged. with perjury.
"When about a week' ago, he secured a
license to marry Edith Hyde, it ap
pears that Alexander married Miss
Madge Callahan last February,: but
the couple separated soon after the
ceremony. Alexander then kept com
pany with Miss Hyde and represented
to her that he was a single man.
Recently Mrs. Alexander informed
Miss Hyde of the true condition of
affairs and Alexander, in order to em
phasize his denial of his wife's story,
offered to 'procure a marriage license.
In doing so he swore he had never
been married before and now his wife
will prosecute hirft on a charge of
perjury. , -
A number of boys and girls received
their first communion yesterday morn
ing at the 8 o'clock mass at St. Jo
seph's Church, the Rev. Father P. E.
Mulligan, the pastor, officiating, as-
Eisted by the Rev. Father Eugene
O'Sullivan, the Rev. Father P. J.
Keane, the Rev. Father J. Collins and
the Rev. Father B. Cahtlllon.
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon an
other class was confirmed by Arch
bishop Rlordan, assisted by the. Rev.
Father Mulligan and the Rev. Father
O'Sullivan, the Very Rev. Father
Frieden, S. J., giving the benediction
of the Blessed Sacrament.
The remarks of Archbishop Rior
dan to the confirmation class were
rich with advice that each boy and
girl should remember the vow taken
and keep it throughout life, lie spoKe
words of commendation to the sisters
and the brothers who had so faithfully
tended the class and prepared it for
confirmation. He paid especial atten
tion to the necessity of religious homes
and pointed out the duty of parents
toward their children — their duty be
ing to guard them with a true religious
surrounding.
Before the conclusion of the cere
monies the Archbishop called upon
the boys to pledge themselves to the
Order of the League of the Cross,
which required of them strict sobriety
until they reach the age of 21. After
that period had been reached hia
Grace was sure that with the lesson
of abstention they will have received
they would all be the better and in
after life would be sober men.
He deplored the fact that there are
more than 3000 saloons In San Fran
cisco and recommended the abolition
of the practice of resorting to liquor
In the homes on the occasion of a
b:rth, a marriage or a death. -
Xine-tenths of the criminals, he
said, were so on account of drink, a
fact which had come to his .notice
while chaplain at an Illinois prison.
He- asked them to look at the murders
that were taking place and observe
fights in saloons. Nine-tenths of those
incarcerated in the penitentiaries, he
said, will admit that liquor is respon
sible for their downfall.
The boys who took their first com
munion were:
John Ahearn C. Auty, J. Bagreuther, J.
Bodeman. J. Bresnahan, B. Broderlck, Ed
Butzke, L.. Cmrolan, J. Carson, B. Collins, D.
Collins. R. Cruza. II. Decker, J. Doyle, Hy
Flnlay. Hy Gantner, J. Gllbrlde, F. Glynn. E.
Gomo, F. McQuade. Anthony Mollterct. G. Mul
laney, F. Nagle, Fred Norton. St. Norton, J.
O'Donnell. Roy O'Leary, George O'Neill. Mat
O'Nell, Leo Pardlnl, John Parker, Robert Pe
terson. William Praul, Hy Porter. G. Richard
eon. F. Sheeny. William South. William Sul
livan, F. Hale, Thomas Horgan, G. Knadler,
H. Lathrop, William Loughran. Hy McEntee.
John Nunan, Robert O'Donnell, Clarence Re
gan, Joseph Sheedy. William Spooler, Edw
Steele, M. Truetlng. Peter Williams, Thomas
Cady, William Hogan, B. Grady. C. Hanley. M.
Hassett, G. Henon, James Hoey, G. Kearns,
William Kelly. Robert Lally, Joseph Lee,
Joseph Leonard, F. Mahoney, R. Manning,
John McCann, Ed McCaron, Ed McLaughlln,
John Syron, George Tracy, Oscar Vleerlck, Al
vln Williams, Hy Williams, Jamea Wilder,
David Young. F. Cavanaugh. Jerome Dillon,
Leo Boag, H. Bersrner, Charles ChafTncr, Joseph
Flaherty. Ralph Foley.
Confirmation class, boys
Robert Alien, L. Beale, A. Bracken, William
Brown, F. Carli, D. Coll, J. Collins. F. Carroll,
M. Donovan. J. EriRero. F. Ginliani, A. Glvan
cvlch. E. Healy. D. Holland, E. Holtz. E.
Hughes, V. Klrby. Joseph Leveira. William
Lynch. William Mack, E. Rice, J. Schlink,
William Sinclair. Mark Stokes. M. Sweeney. E.
Trcacy, N. Tracy. G. Coan. G. Conlan, William
Fitzgerald, E. McKeon, H. Ripe, A. Roesner,
L.. Smith. F. Sullivan, R. Summers. W. Syron,
J. Tresch, C. Fay, F. Gibson. S. Hall. F. Ker
wln, C Larity, V. Lovle, A. Lovle, J. Lucier,
G. O'Briett, D. McCarthy. F. Smith. T. Cody,
Ed Hlnes. William Hogan. E. Sweeney, T.
Pcanlon. A. Mann, P. McHale, W. Murray, L.
O'Connor, G. O'Brien. William Porter. H. Pe
terson. J. Reeves, C. Reinhart, J. Rodden. Wil
liam Brannan. J. Bloss. K. Broderson. William
Brooks, William Coleman. J. Cornyn. J. Crem
minfrs, J. Desmond, T. Flnley, E. Floyd.
The girls who took their first com
munion were:
Katie A. Barrow. Hazel Burns, Irene
Brehm. Gladys Cooney, Susie Connelly, Maggie
Carroll. Emily Connolly. Mary Buckley, Katie
Desmond. Anasrtasla Donnelly. Mamie Dowd,
Lilian Healey. Annie Hyjjes, Frances Hurley,
Elsl» Knarr. Gertrude Norton. Annie Mc-
Elearney, May McAllister, Florence McNa
mara. Margaret Mullins, Josephine Muller,
Ida M.irtlnelli, Ada Desordo, Zellah Forbes,
Martha Fltzeerald, Mary Flnneran, Loretta
Geary. Margaret Gorman. Annie Hannon. Dora
Harney. Mary Herllhy. Elma Harrlgan, Emma
Hartnett. Isabelle O'Connor. Nellie O'Connor,
Edna Ryan. Mary Marinelll. Nonle Mannlx.
May Vaughn. Hannah Walsh, Rose Chiefsa.
Catherine Boyle, Stella Nelson. Edna Nolan,
Bessie O'Dea, • Ger.evieve Brewen. Elvira
Riellj', Annie Conlon, Gertrude Corbett, Made
line Klaus, Kathleen Cox, Grace Jmph,* Annie.
Kvons. Mary Herbert. Annie Fresh, Nellie
O'Connell, Irene Heenan, Blanche Hemminger,
Ethel Rob!n»jn. Annie Wheatlejv Margaret
Coyne. Loretta Brannan, Antoinette Webster.
Nellie Koran. Irene O'Connor. Nellie Kelling.
I-yii Flannigan. Ella I.aughran. Aurellia
l.antFtaff, Emma Kelly, Katie Horrlgan.
Margaret McCarthy, Lorlne Doherty, Irene
WebBter, Irene Dunphy, Ethsl Jerome.
Girls who received confirmation
were :
May Imelda Bell, Catherine Luclna Barry.
Connie Imelda Barry, Teresa Imelda Canty.
Sadie Veronica Cheney. Irene G-?rmalne Cox.
Mabel Catherin? Uoherty, Kdnn Imelda Do
herly. Mary Elizabeth Derham, Annie Gene
vtave Fay, -Julia Ann Kltagerald. Josle Geral
din» GallaKher. Dollle Dolores Hughes, Mary
Helena Hartley. Katie MaryHoey, Azeta Bo
nlta Herald, Mary Josephine Kllllan. Mar
garet Mary Murphy, Minnie Frances .Mull Ins.
Ella Dominica McDonald. Margaret Catherine
Me>fahon, Nellie Imelda Mears, Katie Ocella
McKlror. Josle Cecelia O'Brien, Mary Imelda
O'Connor, Mary Agnes. Quinn, Mercedes Ver
onica Ryan, Mary Veronica Ryan, Margaret
Mary Sims. Josephine Bernadette McGuire,
Florence Mary Tavolara, Evelyn Genevleve
Watts, Annie Dominica Corbett, Mary Mar
garet Bradshaw, .Kittle Cecelia Corkery. Mary
Marcella Forsythe, Mary Imelda Desmond,
Florence Margaret Parle. Berenice Dominca
Coleman. LUlle Helena Black, L,ydia Ursula
Crowley. Gertrude Mildred Guild. Madeline An
toinette Richardson, Josephine Mary Warren,
Florence Josephine Wall. ' Josephine Florence
Tr»cey, Irene Mary Donnelly, Rita Dominica
McFarlane, Mary Teresa Ecells, Rose Cather
lne GUvinovlch, Rose Agnes Guenly. Isabelle
Aftnes Flaherty, Mary Veronica Dunphy, Nellln
Veronica D*>aeey, Ethel Claire Rowan, Nellie
Bonlta Reynolds, Mary Teresa Moran, Chris
tine Gertrude Bergner, Irene Mary Donnolley.
Mary Gertrude Rowan, Annie Agnes Coyne,
Mabel Gertrude Clark, Violet Bernadette
Flynn, Josephine Mary Warren. Ada Coralle
PIckard, Nellie Mary Duney, Lorenza Mary
Mendez, Louise Martha. Mendez.
Charles Kehoe and Edward Lucett
stood sponsors for the boys and Miss
Annie Forsythe and Miss Kate Hc-
Phlllips were sponsors for the girls.
The clergy present, apart from the
parish priests and those who officiated,
were: The Rev. Father Cummins,
chancellor; the Rev. Father Cantwell,
secretary; the Rev. Father Butler. S.
J...and the Rev. Father Ramm. P. J.
O'Sullivan presided at the organ.
Special Disrwtch to The Call,
Jimmy Whalen and Georgie
Wheeler Celebrate Wiiid-
Up of Season by Winning
Agents of Capitalists on
• Coast Engineering a Deal
to Get Majority of Shares
Disapproves of Liquor Taken
in Homes on Occasion of
Either Joy or of Sorrow
Adverse currerite and a lack of breeze
came near being, the undoing of the
crew of the schooner Lizzie Prien, out
bound for Coquille River yesterday aft
ernoon. Captain Hanson remained by
his vessel, until after midnight in the
hope of getting her into deep\ water
without the aid of a towbe-at, but he
was finally obliged to 'accept a line
from the tug Reliance of the Spreckels
Towbtrat Company, and be towed into
the channel.
Early in the afternoon the Lizzie
Prien sailed. for the Oregon port. IJttle
difficulty was experienced until the
Heads were reached. Here the wind
failed, and the schooner beat slowly
about, with barely enougn breeze to
till her sails for several hours.- At 9
o'clock Captain Hanson noticed that
his vessel was drifting- toward the
breakers, and at 9:30 p. m. he»sent up
rockets as signals of distress. \
The life-saving crews of the Golden
Gate and Park stations responded, and
a telephone message was sent to the
office of the Spreckels towboats. The
tug Reliance was detailed to lend as
sistance to the schooner, but Captain
Hanson, when the tug arrived, said
that he preferred to take a chance of
kedging his vessel off rather than un
dertaking the more expensive tow.
The life-saving crews removed the
schooner's crew of six men, but Captain
Hanson remained by his ship, directing
the efforts of the Hfesavers to get out
additional anchors. The Reliance stood
off and on while the schooner's crew
transferred their personal effects to the
tug. Both anchors of the Lizzie Prien
were let so and she held rast, giving
Captain Hanson hope of being able to
catch breeze enough to beat seaward
at high water. However, at 12:15 o'clock
the skipper decided that It was useless
to 1 attempt to battle against fate, and
he accepted a line from the Reliance.
The Lizzie Prien was towed safely to
smooth water and proceeded to sea
after transferring all of her property
that had been removed to the towboat
when it was thought that the schooner
was in danger of being smashed to
pieces by the surf.
HE CONDEMNS DBIXKIXG
C0M31UTEKS OUTCLASSED
FIGHT OX FOR STOCK
NUMBERS
-OF THE—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
City of Mexico, Nov. 24, 1904.
No. Prize. No. Priie. No, Prize.
llu 4<>| 1U3 lw) 243 2o
201 ?>( 2US 4«1 304. . 4t»
3U* lt*>| 4^J li>| OlU '. 2uo
¦»^7 ai| {>*» i*u| 8«rt...;. uj
l«3 401 1«W 2U| 11*# *V
ISM) 4l»i 1303 40, 134'J 2O
li>14..... 4l>| liltf »>1 1570 2i)
1600 40| 1730 ' 20| 1741 40
l«t>4 2o>»;.li«U li»>, "axil 40
2067 20| 2202 20(3439 • 4«
20| 2*K>4..... 'M[ US73 2O ,
ZU3S JR.-, 3012 'JO\ 3U4U 4O j
31»1 20.3243 201 3378 4O i
3528 40| 8603 500 37S4 20
37S7 2U0, &S03 40| 3MS 2o ;
3*57 2U| 3bUl 20| 4W>2 40
41& 40| 4220 20 1 4242 2O
4304 40| 4;i28 20! 4445 2»
4570 20j 4«2 2O; 4U»»7 2O ,
46»4 2»| 47o7 40,4738 2O J
4783 20| 478S 4O| 4333 2t»
4-J73 1001 J.2U0 lw>( 5401 2O |
5427 600 MIS 40(5537 40 i
0747 20 5774 4l>j 5d»7 40 j
5!ilO 401 65*30 40 61K>7 40'
C081, 20| 6125 40) 6.T00 20 i
G314 40i W2*» 60000 0502 200OO
Ul$i 20 «O72 20 60&5 10O 1
7034 40 718*..'... 20 7201 40 |
7202 20 7200..... 40»72S8 40
T471....: 201 7622.. 7.. 20|7B42..... 2O !
7740 20(7791 20 84S9..5-. 20 j
t>502 401 M54 2O S»K2. . -\ . 20
8S48 20| 8800 40| 8878 40
MH7 2o OoSO 2O 0084 20
0297 20 0328 100 0338 40
03S7 20 0411 100 W56 40
»524 2u 9530 20| 9500 100
U7SO 2l>| 9791 2oj 9794 200
0817 40 0*40 40 9947 4O
l»956 20OJ 9979 10OI1015O 40
1U76 201 1040ft 4011O442 100
1W36 40|10030 40110948 40
11113 40111133 20|11141 20!
11144 40|1127H 4Oill397 2l> !
1130S 40111654 20;lltt»» 20
11040 40J12145 1OO122O4 40
12361 40 12566 2w>il2878 20 !
1202i 30112tWO 40J131W* 4O I
13128 2tVl314« 2o;i3211 4O
13418 40J135S6 100 13«10 20
13708 20|
13833 2O|13S77 20|13947 40
142OT 20O;14273 10OJU332 20
14345 201)114446 2O|144SS 20 {
1*537 20 14651 20o'l4798 20
14910 20.150M 40115118 20
15174 20 13237 40 1324S 40
1521»0 20 ! 15348 20J153B6 2O
15400" 20 1548.1 2O;15.V4l 5<>O
15503 20'15«41 201151*8 40
15S46 40)1(5020 20;i6.'i«3 100
l«3!)t 100 1C4MI 40|10553 20
lClKM 20lltWS8 20 ! 1C80S 20
l«0«2 SO'l70fiS.:... 100J17167 20
17214 20ll72«S 20 17303 40
17425 20:i74S3 40 17731 20
17751 4017750 2O|17SO3 40
17P2f! 2O17OS7 100jlS019 4O
1S022 SO'lKIRH 40 1R2S1 ." 2O
1S-115 20*18424 40118501 40
18514 1 COl 18738 2018783 20
1!K)77 20'1910C 2O'l9l58 100
101^7 20llft2U 40102S3 40
10342 40I103R3 40 10€26 100
1»*U5 10(>iim'i52 40 20034 20
2017» 20I201R7 20 202S9 20
2O40S 40IJO502 20 20C«V4 40
20P»7 20120712 500120899 100
20033 , 2C21115 20 21309 100
211.T3 20J21S77 40 21940 40
21009 20!221K> 40 221U, 20
22129 1C022133 20 22186 20
223S2 20:224.*?5 B0Ol22.\3S 20
22568 20l22«2.8 40122771 20
22S73 20122880 20|2310« 100
23121 40:23172 20 ! 23S53 . ICO
23 W2 20J23454 2O123475 2f»
23557 20123671 20]237ie 40
23S78 40|2n.'W« lf>rt:2:Wfl3 "-2O
2401S 20I2JC1* 100OI24275 2O |
24326 20!24:569 20|24401 2O
24407 200124531 20(24568 40
24C.R2 4021701 ino"24707 4<>
240(Vt 201250C5 20230U3..... 20 !
25133 2O|2.'142 4f»i25169 401
25191 2025271 40:25485 20 I
25T.71 4O|255!»1 40!2r)3»4 4O I
2.VM6 4O2.'.«S7 2O125764 40 I
25S11 40 2«0flfl 2O:2«12» • 2O j
ZtSea.V... 40 263«5 20 26418.....' 2O '
26526 2O',2e«ll 1C012H752 401
26817 20I2«03« 2027045..... ICO
27073 40 27167 100127169 200
27730 20127749 2O!27422. 201
274ZS 20127439 20|27452 20
27522 20|27532 20(27640 20
27C82..;.. 20127778 2OO!27S*> 10O
2Sft34 20,28218 40'2S235 2O
2ST2H 10«i:2.V53« 2O|2S-T50 2O
28:tf>9 2O2H4H2 20128549 40
2S566..... , 20 l 2SM>7 50Oj2S6«fl 20
28KSS f 40J2S767 20 28769 40
2S843 20|2S8!W 20 2S945 40
20O.")8 100:21)105 4O20194 4rt
2!»tO3 40'2!>804 20!209r>8 100
2on«o Booienoiu 40:30002 20
3C164 20J.10227 20130401 100
30414 40|:«Ki8«..... 40|30*«5« 200
312i!« 20131535 2O 31576 10O
31K27 100!31S»» 20132162 2O
3220U 2OJ32306 20|32379 20,
32417 20132 K>1 20|324«3 100,
325^7 20J323na 10O!32600 40,
327W 20J32S72 40'32n3l • 20 i
3.'.045 20133073 40133083 20 i
33227 40:3.1262 20133277 20 ¦
:i-{301 40I33506 20l33«»2 2O |
33S49 20133077 20134018 2O
34022 20!34l*!2 40134344 2O
343S7 20!34r.24 ' 2O : 3472ft 2O
347'!4 40|34763 '20)34843 2O
34020 40,34024 40134»3» 2O
34903 20135097 20 '35322 600
35458 40133624 40j3.V>87 40
35708 40I35717 10ft|35795 20
359U 100136048 20 36129 20
36156 2036176 20*36336 100
36375 20i.VCS» 200136410: 20
36.V57 200136573 20136R16 50O
3rt!K»7 20136!t»a 2O'37025 20 1
37243 40I37323, ... . . 20l.T73«2 4O
377AS 100i3703!». .... 20I379S0 40
3S005 2Oi^S190 100 38216 20
38313 . 20l.TS.122 40J3S4S2 10O0O
SK5H .. 2O'3.S*"SO 20i3800fl 20
3*045 ... 2O'.1WK>3 20M9034 20
30CS9 ... 20130130 40130255 40
393«n lfirti.iflSlO .600139716 20
39755 . .. 20|3S»H07 40130895 40
40111 40140143 40 40102 20
4P2so loouoans 20:40705 20
4076!» 2OI4»W3S 20 40S77 2O
40982 20141019 , 20 41022..... 4O
41C2.1 200141171....! 20 ( 41262 100
41316....'. 40U3S7.'.... 1100 41390 20
4140ft 40141409 20|41417 100
4141S .... 2O'4160« 20141685 40
41717 .... 20J42OW 100 42079 ICO
42f,02 20|42I5« » 2O 42361 20
424CO 2OCU2743 4ftj42S0B 4O
42J>43 20I42B54 2O \VtfH8 40
43126,..'.. 100143279 10o[43330 2O
43374! .. 20I43J0S 20143523. .1.. 40
43tiSS .... 2O|4"fc««lO 2fi! 43940 20
44218 . ' 4O1442W 2OI443S1 20
44S!>3 . 20!44.">0fl 30|447U 40
447"0 . 40)447.^2 lCfiU479» 40
445CV1 2W451OT:..^ 40J45217 2O
4-,->1^ 40(45252 2I> I 45.156 20
454"^ 4f>l4.M t K> 2O 45606 4O
457'* > " 20!4.">s«2 ICO 45«83 100
4302«! '.'.'.. 2OI45.1V> 200 43.057 20
4B131 4OUH202 200 46302..... 20
4«4'4«'"i 2il4M»0 40'46577 20
40378 . 100I4WM 10n'4fiRO4 40
46«1fi' '.. 20J46S37 4rt!4ra3« ICO
4«W0 ... 20147132..... 2"I471S2 40
47'rl.i 4<.t47«r2 2O't7R31 40)
47-rpt 2O'47S1.-» 20|47RV> 20
4<SO4S* 20I4SOSI . 201481 .*>2 2l>
4S18*! ... 40I4S444..... 4r.'4(U<« 2O
4«irno' 2OI4S.S17 4OI4S973...:. 2«>
4r«w"" ?OI4O«13 20140115 20
ini-i" 10OIJ0220 40140279 100
4i;Vin'". 2CI4WS1 2OU0544 20
4JW«) 40140758 20I5M24 20
ECflBO " 20!5<;2O2 . 20150303 20
',('.177' ""* 40150472 20S04S2 2O
-07c'" icft:-i07on 4n:.*iOR47 2<>
rxSPrt 20'r.tCTO 4CI51027 40
T.K.4R 4*>'.M07!> 20J51ia3 2O
bii-.-j" 2OIR1327 40i.11631..... «2O
B1671H."! 40151723 ¦ 4OI517SO 2»
MS 1 40151027 40(51942 20
Miner 20.M073 ii»t52023 20
PNPs"!. U^'52441 2052479 100
r.25\<> 40152614 40152610 2O
T,2>rfK.... 2nr>!32029 20!52907 .2^
n.ww 201 I , ¦
M1W .. . 4O1.M27* 10O15S45O V*
p;U<?1 . 20lr>3P17 20I.13IM0 ?«¦
M76T:' 4O'r,3S.'.n 10054C0S 20
M0i8:Kv: mo54mo " 1W54070 20
MU2 ... lCfln!M221 2OM24S . 70
T41.1S 40R4152 10Ol54«72 20
.-4743 . 20S4SW 1CO'54W,7 2<>
5IP«M> . 2"l.">5rrtrt . 40I55U8 40
r-r»4 . 100lKi22» 4OIWB14 20
P.V171 . SftlRWSS 40'354»4. 10W
Wftil .. 20O'.*i»T2n 20'5P243 if*
R«2<!° 4r WBMM 4a'r.fw?r» 20
PfrilB. 1OOI5«51 irO!.*.fi57» 4">
r»^74« 1C0'3rj!60 40I5T.SW8 20
.'7004*' . SC:57KB;.'..: 4o;571J4 ' 20
r.71«0 .. 20(57247 2015753ft 20
."nift. ... 2O'57KW 2OI57RW...:. lOOrt
r>777« 1CO!37«W> 2O'57»»." 4rt
rs°-i3 irrss.101 ' 4O.V31<» 20
5S882 20'5Sfl02 40!5«>«<» 40
.".0121 1OO'.'.!»123 1<V»'5O?2R 40
rains .... jouwins • so'sotnn 40
P0410.' ... 4CI504P6 inn'595i<0 .. 20
r,0f.2« 40159*41 20150S.12 40
jm»4 4O'K>OS7.... . 10Oi50f>»4 2 '1
rrrso ... 40'rnno 20'6niS7
f-C?.\7 .. 20IPOJK.1..... 1OO'W1747 20
fifVWI 40'fVm.i i0lfil!««4 Alt
«ioia> . r>r'Rii9» ?n:«i277 "40
T.14tO .' 20!*14«0 40!6148<» 40
pi ran joifiifTtV..... 4o;»n*»49 .jt>
6 1 RC3. ... 40ifi10SO. trtO!fi?1.Vt ino
fiJirs" . ?0'P2774..... . 20P2276 20
fi?4?3 .. 2O'f2445 2O|p;r,51 2O
r?.-27 ... ?o'f?.'.no 2o«?7in. .... iro
r.2R.'»n . 2O'r?sc:r» 2O'R2t*?5 2n
R7n.11: 2«:fi315W 20I63554 2»>
ri7i7 ;. ¦ ?o .
C37*» ... - 20IR3756 20'6410n . 2O
CHI 0 20JR4J42 2OI64272. . . . . 20
K4i75 20P4fl«1 40tB4r.79 JCO
«45RO . 4ft|64S«M 40I6401O . 20
faHXI 2OR3253. 20165401 .* 2O
P.W12. 2Oi<-.*i7r«> lrtOjC5aS7.'.... 2rt
C5040..... 20;C3078..... 4016C023 20
Crew of the Lizzie Pnen
Leave Her Soon to Return
Solemn Exercise Conducted
at St. Joseph's Church
.,/;.¦¦¦ ¦*;¦*
FINAL GAMES
GO TO SEALS
•ans Say Farewell to the
Stars Alter Viewing a
Battle Full of Mishaps
LARGE CLASS
IS CONFIRMED
WOULD CONTROL
SALMON MARKET
Cudahys of Chicago JLakiiig
peteriiiliieii Effort to Buy
Out Bii>- racking* Concern
HAWSER SAVES SCHOONER FROM GOING
ASHORE NEAR CLIFF HOUSE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTl. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1904.
Another Victim Dies.
Rollo-Hooten died at St. Luke's
Hospital yesterday morning:., and his
body was removed to the Morg-ue. He
was one of the men injured by an
explosion at the quicksilver mines near
Guerneville on the night of November
6. He and James B. Leslie were*
brought to this city the following day
and taken to St. Luke's Hospital. Lea
lie died on November S.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NUMBERS
OF THI2
"LOTERIA NACIONAL"
Slnrla Humhers Class "It," Drawn at
Mexico City, Kex..
SATURDAY, NOVcMBE.; 26, 1904.
No. Prise. No. Prize. No. Prize.
213 7.50) 3C2 7.50' 5:«> 7.0f)
7*7 7.50 7»9 7.5C 1139 7.5<>
1KH 7.50 1543 7.50 1501 7.50
1*24 fl.OO 1JH0 7.50 1970 '. 5.00
-2103 &-00 2139 5.O0 226C 6.00
22S3 6.00 2407 5.<*> 2517 6.00
ffiOl 6-W 2611 75.00 2531 S.OO
2761 150 2781 5.OU 27»5..... O.OO I
27JW 2.&OJ 3040 2.50 3543 '2.50 1
3577 7.'».W[ 3«1S 2.5(1 3730 '. 2.50 I
3S13 2.50] 4114 i.501 4131 2.5O
4705 2.50 5<*14 12CO| 5152 , 2.5O |
B«H 3 2.50 5337 2.B0J 53% 2.5f>
f.437 . . 2.50 5445. 2.5OI 5473 2.50 I
5.' b T4 2.50 5560 2.f>0| 5«73 2.50 j
<VX»1 2.50 0029..... 2.5i> 6047. ..i. 2.50
6075 . 2.50 «193 2.50j 6220. . . . . 2.50
fiav.'..' 2.50 «731 2.50 W34 2.50 I
7m2 ... 2.5(1 701W 2.5017118 2.50!
7302 . . 2.50! 7385 25.00 7611 2.50 I
7618 2.5<l).7«!24 2.60 77Z> 2.5(»
7M2 ... 2. W») S130 2.50 8218 2.50
.54 43 2.5<»| 6455. 2.5O M72 2.50
ROW 2.M R733 2..V> P80S . 2.50
6S27 2.50 8910 2.501 8922 2.50
8975 25.00 0013 2.50| 051« 2.50
1*K>7 2.50 »827 2.50 9S72 2.50
U880 ... 2.Z» JH»70 2.50 0975 2.50
IO<"<*» 7.5O|10OXT 2.60 101 0» '2.50
10200 7.50110253 2.50 10-131 '2.5O
10410 ... 2.6f» 1«I494 2. .".0110740 2.50 :
107M ... 2.5o'ir»7»7 2.5C;iO»O5 2.50 !
U0T6 S.SollllKt 2.5011187. 2.50
11.~.12 ... 2.5«:ilS32 2.no'1l38f» 2.30
11527 2.oO!lltrro 3OO'11S14 2.50
11«?<J5 2.50111032 2.5O|ll»44 2.50
Above prize* are for 50 cent tickets.
J'rizes cashed by M. A. Co., 003 Call bulld-
£/ _^ AJDVKKTJLSK3IJSJVTS.
|ggy,RARE OPPORTUNITY
The Wiley B r Allen Co., 931-933 Market St.. is
at the present time engaged in conducting an
Anniversary Clearance Sale of Pianos
At such a time as this, PRICE ONLY IS WHAT
TALKS. Read the following:
sty* r*% pm Will buy from a special lot oU beautiful new pianos
•Hfll^i^ a reliable make, fully guaranteed (no stool or cover
%PKU<J free with this lot).
Takes a new piano; we bought hundreds of this par-
ity 4>w/\ ticular lot from a factory, cleaning them out entirely
S^I^IB of this one style. One of the biggest bargains we
V /1VV/ have ever offered (no : stool or cover furnished with
/^/x Will buy a neat, new Upright in mahogany case, fully
fK|(~)a 1 guaranteed; also a choice of several pianos, allreliable
N^*^-*^ makes, returned from rental.
£t>-g^Bwsssr We have -numerous slightly used instruments in perfect
«CT1 4 «^ order, good tone, attractive case design at this fig-
N'* * ure.
QPZ. We nave a few discontinued styles of Kingsbury pianos
XPIOO at this figure. They are really great bargains.
£t>g?KS\f\ A few Smith & Barnes styles that we will not carry
J»Ta I Bl B again. The manufacturers have discontinued making
VT t h em We" are going to clean them out at this figure.
¦^¦OflsF* Will buy a durable new piano; perfect tone and action
jk*£*/^ and of artistic design— a piano : that any one will be
*r **"+U proud to have in his home.
1 Will buv a full-sized Cabinet Grand Upright; ornate
rf>Q) J. C\ front, one of the very latest in design; three pedals
%fy jG+^Wj and all the latest improvements. Choice of Walnut,
Mahogany or Oak.
'Among this lot you will find some well-known estab-
tJj^OVF lished makes that are standard the world over.
*V* £^.*mw f* Some fine Ludwigs, discontinued styles. Will not be
J*u*/^^ in ; the catalogue again; will be closed out at this
Among this lot are a number of Harrington, Ludwig,
Smith & Barnes, Cable and some other good makes
<PO v/Vf that have been returned from rental, but in perfect
order. '¦.Y* V'j
We have some Conovers to offer at this price. No bet-
ter piano was ever made. They are from a lot whose
%ty%y JmtXJ styles will not appear in the manufacturer's catalogue
again.
stytctpm-r** Will buy a Knabe; apparently new; Italian walnut;
Jta^^ / largest sizo and most expensive upri.-ht the Knabe
***** * ** people make.
This sum will actually take a $1250 Parlor Grand Wis-
$p mar /-x ner. This is ?. high-grnde piano and remains out of
8 the lot of pianos we purchased from the Mauvais
"¦",V* ; business some time ago. We have reduced it in price
so as to put it out of the way.
A small Grand Stock; .has been used some, but cannot
«w\ be detected from a new piano. We have several other
S^B^fc^rjTfe Babv and Parlor Grand pianos, among them °Hard-
*K-" - *** -r man, Conover, Everett- Packard, at prices marked very
low during this sale. " '¦;V, ; :
Takes a fairly good Square piano. We have about
st* ¦* £"tk E" j(~\ TO ° Squares that we 'want to close out at about
5W B fl B • this price; some of them worth considerable more,
*-^^* t* of course, but $12.50 will buy a fairly good Square
Will take a good, substantial parlor organ, and among
ET the organs we are offering for sale at reduced prices are
CpC^tl/ a number of Mason & Hamlin chapel organs and some
• with pipe top. two manual, pedal, bass. etc.
PIANO-PLAYERS— We have a number of used Piano-
Players, in-our Player department, at prices nns-
ing from ud. We are ?ole for
the CHASE & BAKER. . The SIMPLEX PLAYER
you can buy trom us at almost half price. Player
• music reduced in price also.
Note This: YOU MAY GET YOUR MONEY BACK! •
When you buy a piano, either on installments
or for cash, you get a coupon. Place it in the,
coupon box here. At 11 o'clock, December 31st; a
drawing will be made and all- money paid on the
piano between now and then vyHl be refunded to
the lucky coupon holder.
¦'- '• . \
931-933 Market St. San Francisco
ADVERTISEMEXT5.
U. S. BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— OF THE — • '
COXDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
— OF THE— >
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
r_F LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND ON THE 31ST
of December. A. D.. 1903. and for th«
¦jear ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of section* 810
and 611 of the Political Code. con<1en»ea a*
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $2.174. 400 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. Kl 0©O no
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
and Btfnds owned by Company.. 4.43S.15.T 95
Cash In Company's Office 3 «S1 40
Cajsh In Bank? 706.371 13-
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans... 82,833 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgagea 739
Premiums In due course of Col-
lectl jn 885 ****** ft 1 *
Rents due and accrued ..." ; ''574 a
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 43 "DO M
Amount receivable under Perpetual
Policies 1.173*4
Total Assets ....»j.634.»i;g~ui
LIABILITIES. =====
Lowes adjusted and unpaid $33 424 56
Lo*ses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 317 12» *»7
i Losses resisted, including; expenses -84.^53 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; one year or less. $3,438..
203 93; reinsurance 5O per cent. 1 719 «01 9fl
Grca* premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $4.S37,-
00S 81; reinsurance pro rata.... 2 582.443 41
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual policies 194 104 S3
Liabilities under the Life Depart- '
; oient 100,383 33
Due and accrued for salaries, rents.
etc .••••....•¦....••.••••..... am fifiji 10
All other Liabilities 258IG86 19
Total Liabilities 13.33f>.119 3»
INCOME. ~ '
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,995,755 15
Recelv«d for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 35.207 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 13«.1T2 43
Received for Rents 33.193 81
Total Income $3,240,327 31
EXPENDITURES.
Net » mount raid for Fire Lono
(Including $550,222 S2 losses of
previous years) $2,478,890 34
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage '. 831.083 3*J
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chare's for offlcers. clerks, etc. . 390,364 27
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 132.087 54
All other payments and expendi-
tures 833,870 37
ToUl Expenditure* .*. $4.191.004 90
Losses Incurred during; the year. .$2,484,331 64
Risks and Premiums! Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of
Risks written
during the year. $6«S.608,923 94 $7,309,711 OS
Net amount of
Risks expired
during the year.. 713.006. 433 5« 7.01S.1S7 99
Net amount In - • »...--
force December
SI. 1303 S02.583.S33 04 8.328.303 74
E. F. BEDDALL. V. 8. Manager.
Subscribed and rwrorn to before me. this 224
day of January. 1904.
EDMUND HAKTET. Notary Public
Head Office Assets $66,867,331 CO
Fire Premium Income. 1903 $14,241,704 00
Agents Throughout the World.
Pacific Department:
'. Royal Euildlng. cor. Pine and Sanssma Sts.
SAX FRANCISCO. C&I*
ROLLA V. WATT...... Manager
JNO. T. FOGARTT. Asst. Mgr.
F.'B. KELLAM. Branch Sec'ty.
Perfect Fitting (f/Y
1 \ ft
Eyeglassss cf 1
ii Moderate Casi (^
V 642
6g n m ¦ £2± Ammunition. Hunting in.l
fj OtdBVL 8 Sporting Ooorts. Lars?.-«t
n 9 8\i stock - Low^ ii: price*. S:'n4
Oh\JO shp.kve a barber co..
F ™ " 73» Market st. and Kt
Keam7 st.
ijir T* UpCC
\J \J . 1 • II 1— > ~~J ~Zj *
5*<>tary Public and. Attora«v-at-i*Tr
Tenth Floor Koom HH3. Claua Spreckels bl J3.
TeleDhono Main 9S0.
Residence. 1M£ McAlltvtsr *t.
Residence Teltpnone Page 3d4l.
Weekly Call. $1 per YearSpecial information suppli<*d dally ta
business houses ar.d' public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allea's). 3» Cali
fornia *tre*u- Telephone il-iiu 104 J. •
There were only forty-three suicides
4n Chicago last month. Isn't it strange
how some "peole will go on living even
in Chicago rather than take a chance
on the other ulaoe?— St. Paul Globe.
This week best gold evrfrlnsses. specs.
20c to 50c (sold in store 53-5 1 ». at 7» 4th.
front of celebrated Ovster Restaurant. •
s Townsend's California Glace fruJts ta
artistic fire-etched boxi»s. TlS^aritat *U*
Odor of Cities.
A European writer has ' discovered
that each city has its own , peculiar
Odor. Paris is pervaded by a faint odor
of charcoal. .Xondon smells of sc-ot.
The arcma of garlic greets the nsw ar-,
rival at Calais. Moscow has a perfume
of its own, cranberries of peculiar-pun
gency. St. Petersburg suggests old
I > Making It Hot for the Ice.
In the third rail systom of electric
roads the removal of sleet from the rail
which is not used by the car.3 has
caused much trouble, but'recent experi
ments show that it is possiblerby the
use of the electric current Itself, to
raise the temperature of rails twenty
degrees in twelve 'or fifteen minutes.
Is expense to be measured against
human life? If railway companies
could barely maintain themselves at
their present equipment patience with
wrecks might be a virtue, but when
the earnings made from the public are
taken to pay dividends 5 on watered
stock and to provide enormous for
tunes for railroad owners the plea of
commercialism is an affront to com
mon humanity.— Kansas City Stan:;!
THANKSGIVING DAY — Old Sub
scriber, City. Setting aside a day for
special thanks in the United States
dates back to the days of the Plym
outh colony in 1621. In 1TS9 Pres
ident Washington appointed a day of
thanksgiving for the adoption of the
Federal constitution. Subsequently
various days November were rec
ommended by "Presidents and Govern
ors, until" in the third year of the Civil
"War, under President Lincoln, the ob
servance of a regular Thanksgiving
day began, the proclamation by the
President being supplemented gener
ally by one from the Governor of each
State and the fixing by custom of the
last Thursday in November as the day.
Rogers lost his fishing outfit, but the
County , Commissioners will give him
52 for the wildcat's scalp. \
. Rogers tried to paddle away, but the
cat caught the boat and began to
climb in. "Bill" knocked the animal on
the head with the paddle and the 1
movement capsized the boat. Then'
there was a sjuvage battle - in the
water. .
The fisherman defended himself so
¦well with the paddle that he was able^
to reach the shore. The wildcat fol
lowed., but a few well directed blows
finished it. *
"Bill" Rogers while bass fishing in
the Susquehanna River recently saw
a wildcat swimming across -the stream
in front of him.
Rogers cast a line toward the ani
mal. The hook caught in the cat's ear
and It at once turned and swam toward
the boat.
HOOKS -/WILDCAT.
THE concerted action of Berkeley's several promotion clubs
seems to assi:re the speedy issue of bonds for municipal im
provements in the college city. To further the bond campaign
steps are already being taken to unite the different civic societies
into a progress federation so. that systematic work in favor of the
projected improvements may be prosecuted.
This is a commendable spirit on the part of the enthusiastic
Berkeleyans. Town spirit has never been lacking 'in the suburb
across the bay, as its miles of macadamized streets and its excellent
sewer system attest. With the beautiful university campus in the
very^ heart- of the community there is every incentive to make thu
rest of the town commensurate in attractiveness. To this end tree
plantings by two of the college town's women's clubs, the efforts
of individuals in making beautiful the environs of their homes, and
the liberal policy of the town board have all contributed in generous
measure. Berkeley to-day has every right to be proud of. its
appearance.
Two much needed improvements, however, call imperatively for
immediate institution — an adequate police force and fire department
are sadly needed. A month does not go by but what the residents
of Berkeley are forcibly reminded of these two deficient factors of
the town's, protection. Not long, ago the town hall was totally de
stroyed by fire from a blaze that started in the upper stories and
gradually ate its way to the foundations against the feeble efforts
of hose streams, which had no pressure save that of the water mains
themselves. Xot long since "a large manufacturing plant near the
bav shore was totallv destroyed because of .the same deficiencv.
IMPROVEMENTS FOR BERKELEY.
DISINFECTANT— Subscriber, New
ark, Cal. Manscanese and sulphuric
acid is used for the purpose of disin
fecting building's that are considered
unsanitary. The pouring of the acid
on the manganese produces a sras that
Is highly destructive -to microbes.
PRESTON SCHOOL— M. L. W.. City.
The Preston School of Industry at
lone, Amador County, Is a reform
school for bovs only.
o F you see a man in need.
I One who struggles to succeed,
j| Lend a hand;
If he struggles on the way.
Struggles harder every day.
Help him in the crowded fray —
Lend a- hand.
If a man is glum and blue.
Tired out and sad clear through.
Lend a hand;
Help the needy as you go.
Wait for these whose steps are slow.
Let the smile of kindness glow —
Lend a hand. ,
If a mother spanks her child.
Spanks it In a manner mild.
Lend a hand:
Tender is her heart perhaps.
So she gives him tender slaps.
.You could give him harder taps —
Lend a hand.
If two fellows start to fight.
Start to fight with all their might.
Lend a hand;
Mix up in the scrap and bout.
Swing your bony mitts about.
Try to knock both fighters out —
Lend a hand.
— Chicago Chronicle.
ANSWERS.
LEND A HAMD.
KiiOil THE TATI.EH
Garge-Oh, Maria, look at the heagle. ,
Maria-Yer hignorant hape, it's a howl.
Keeper-Beg pardon, mum, by t it's an 'awk.
Car dusters in Camden have swept
out as much as ten pounds of rice after
one trip.
Bridgeton pairs/ are frequently on
this train; Vineland averages three
pairs a week; Newfleld and vicinity
furnish a goodly number; Pitman and
Glassboro do well and Woodbury main
tains a- good average.
The train has been named the "brid
al train." because nearly every night
at least one newly married pair boards
it. Wednesday night is x a favorite, and
it's becoming rather monotonous for
old married men to have rice poured
down their backs or be hit on the
head with an old shoe.
It may soon become necessary for
the management of the West Jersey
and Seashore Railroad Company to
take steps toward protecting passen
gers who ride on the train leaving Miil
ville, N. J.. at 10 o'clock every night,
from the showers of rice that are in
tended for bridal pairs between Mill
ville and Camden.
BRIDAL TRAI/N."
HEARD AT THE ZOO.
OLD Liberty Bell, after being stared at by admiring thousands
of eyes and poked at by an equal numbef of canes and
umbrellas, has been returned from the St. Louis Exposition
to its resting place in Independence Hall, there to remain until the
ladies' church fair at Bird Center or the semi-centennial exposition
at Weehawken-on-Hudson requires its presence. Then the precious
relic will be crated and battened down to a flat car and sent skim
ming across the country with a beribboned guard of honor in
attendance. May the fates grant that it will ride light.
It is to be hoped that in the near future a more conservative
sentiment will arise concerning the migrations of the Liberty Bell.
This making of an object of patriotic sentiment a pin-a-poppy show
with the advent of every international exposition held in America
tends to cheapen the sacred sentiment that tradition has invested
in it, besides laying it exposed to imminent destruction by a wreck
on the rails. When young America can stop on his way to the
catch-pennies of the midwav or the pike to view for one hurried
instant the bell that proclaimed liberty to the land he will probably
reckon the loop-the-loop or the hula dance that subsequently glad
dens his eyes much the better attraction.
Independence Hall, fondly known as "the cradle of liberty," is
likewise the only logical cradle for old Liberty Bell in its honored
age. Separated from the environs where once it spelt in brasen
measures the story of American liberty, the ancient relic loses the
dignity of association and becomes for the time being very near
old junk. In Independence Hall it belongs and there it should re
main, the object of reverent pilgrimage and not possible fair mate-
THE TRAVELING LIBERTY BELL.
Mrs. Chatfield-Taylor says that Rene
Kieffer of Paris was her instructor.
She was under his' tutelage from No
vember 1, 1903, until May 1 of this
year. Her first work will be a book of
poems by a Chicago newspaper man.
Other customers, she says, are Bourke
Cock^an. New York, one book; Frank
B. Moyer, Chicago, one book; Alfred
L.. Baker, Chicago, two books; John T.
McCutcheon, Chicago, two books, and
Charles Barnes and Alfred Granger,
Chicago, one book each.
"Do you wish to make money through
your efforts or will you be satisfied if
you simply make expanses?"
"Oh. my: wish to make money, of
course." she answered. "Just paying
office rent will not do at all. I have
always been somewhat deft with my
hands, and I think I appreciate har
niony Jn colors and correctness in de
sign and finish At first I took it up
to occupy my time. Now I belle%*e in
it \nd . know several women- in the
East and across the water who have
gone into it and are successful.
"I think," continued Mrs. Chatfield-
Tayior, "that a woman should work or
do something of this kind as well as
a man."
two years it has been a sort of a fad
with me, b\0 now I am in earnest and
desire all the business I can get."
MI?s Enid George, an English girl
whom Mrs. Chatfield-TayJor met in
Paris eight months ago, j% herpartner.
illss George is as enthusiastic about
bookbinding as her Chicago acquaint
ance. She was about to open a thop
in the French capital, but after sev
eral business talks with Mrs. Chatfield-
Taylor agreed to add her name to the
new firm" whose fortunes are on the
verge launching. .
"Yc-s. it is auite true that I am go
ing into business a3 a binder of books,"
gaid Mrs. ChatfieM-Taylor, at her
home. No. 363 Superior street "For
is in her huxne city, has an
nounced that she is goin£ to engage
in the bookbinding bysiness in lhat
city. Sh<? has purchased the necessary
machinery, has set up tables and
benches iri her shop, at No. 10 Van
Buren street; has laid in a stock of
blue aprons, and. best of aJ!. she cays.
begins work with sufficient order3 to
keep her occupied for many weeks to
come.
f|\ FIELD-TAYLOR, a young
III society v/oman of Chicago.
1*1 who is almost as nell known
f \ in New York ani Paris as she
HRS. IIOBAKT C. CHATFIKLD-TAYLOU OF CHICAGO.
"Too bad he disappointed you." said
Branscome feebly, "but it's like ntn.
He's got a yellow streak dear
through."
Miss Montague's face . clearly Indi
cated her feelings upon the subject,
and a wave of satisfaction swept over
Bransccme. Ker eyes were open, aay
how. , <
"Don't you think your wife ccglit to
know?" she asked.
"Wife?" he echoed. "TCha.t -wtfer*
"Yours," she r-erslsted, "the ens the
boat's named after."
"Never had one," said Branscoca;
"the boat's named after the sweetest
old lady in Ohio. Nancy Black, my
mother." V
"They told me it your wtf»,"
she cried in surprise.
"Is that why you didn't even an
swer my letter?" he demanded, half
rising from the bunk.
Gently she forced him back. "You
mustn't come to me — I — I ougrht to
come to you — because I was so fool
ish."
And she did — for better or worse as
soon aa Branscome was strong enough
to stand up before a parson. (Copy
right. 1904, by T. C. McClure.) "?
Paralyzed by fear. eh» -xas unable
to move. The gambler, before the at
tendants could interfere. sDranar uooa
the stage, wildly waving a huee bowie
knife. At sight of it Burrowes retreat
ed to the back of the stajre and slinoed
into the darkness of the deck.
The audience was in a wild com
motion and panic stricken made for
the doors, preventing the boat peop!e
from reaching the sta^e. Suddenly
Branscome darted from the wing?/
and without a moment's hesitation
grappled with the gambler, now erased
with excitement. Several times the
knife slashed viciously, but at last, with
one desperate effort Branscome turned
the arm back, there was a snap, and
the'knife fell from the nerveless hand,
which dropped Urroly to the gam
bler's side.
Sobered by the pain cf a broken arra
the gambler suffered himself to be led
away and Branscome fell to the stage,
exhausted from loss of blood/ .which
poured from the ugly but- not danger
ous wounds he had sustained.
When he regained consciousness he
was in the bunk of his own cabin,
neatly bandaged, and Blanche was
holding a glass of brandy and -water
to his lips.
"I didn't let him," he exclaimed.
"Where' d Burrowes po?"
"He ran away, the coward." cried
the indignant Miss Montague.
feet and loudly commanded her to
come and kiss him.
AT I.AST, WITH OX"E DES
PERATE EFFORT. BRANS
COME TURNED THE ARM
BACK.
The staples exhibit increasing activity. Woolen mills arc
active, and the only complaint in this line is the scarcity of raw
wool, which continues in brisk demand and firm. New England
reports an active demand for footwear, and the iron and steel in
dustries are gaining strength. Other metais are strong, with slight
advances in copper, lead and tin. Cotton manufactures, while in
good movement, lack snap at the moment, and the mills are not
overburdened with rush orders. Provisions continue quiet at all
Western centers, with the packers operating languidly in the specu
lative markets. Hides and leather are still active and firm. The
railroads are doing such a lively business that they have not sufficient
cars to handle all the freight tendered them, and complaints of car
shortage arc heard from all over the country, while the earnings of
the roads are 6 per cent over iast year's gross returns. A fine sign
of the times is the continued activity in building all over the coun
try, the increase in October over the same month in 1903 being
1374 buildings, with an increased valuation of $6450,000. Were
there cars enough to transport all the lumber needed even this in
crease over i'/>3 would have been largely swelled.
The above represents the condition of trade throughout the
country. It will be seen that it is highly gratifying and that pros
perity still smiles on the land.
The disposition to call a halt on the continued rise in .stocks
seems to be.j^rowirig. Many conservative and powerful financial in
terests have come to the conclusion that stocks are about as high
as they ought to be and are therefore inclined to check any further
advance, but they are opposed by equally powerful interests, who are
still cm the bull side of the market, hence the feeling in regard to
stocks is no longerhinanimous as it was for several months, and the
diversity of opinion leads to counter operations and unsettles the
market. This condition is likely to prevail for some time, and its
outcome is a matter of considerable conjecture at the moment.
The condriion of general trade continues very satisfactory and
all parts of the country are sending in cheerful reports. Unseason
ably mild weather aga^in has caused some check to the demand for
winter goods, and the unwillingness of farmers to part with their pro
duce has interfered with collections in some Southern sections, but as
a generality the recent expansion in business is maintained. Labor
is better employed than at this time last year, hitherto idle mills are
resuming one after another to meet the increased demand for manu
factured goods, and the foreign exports for the week exceeded those
for the same week in 1903 by $2432,000. while the imports were also
Si. 533.000 larger, showing a general expansion in our foreign com
merce.
'.vas small and confined to a day or so. it caused but a transient
ripple on the &nancial pool. Russell Sage contributed largely to
the rise by suddenly calling in some millions of loans, which took
away the Wall strccf breath for a few hours, sent the borrowers
skurrying for cash and broke the stock market for a session or two,
b'Jt the market almost immediately recovered its balance and went
sailing gayly along again. Sage made a neat little turn out of his
coup by making fresh ioans after his call had advanced the interest
rates and showed the street that although a very old man of .over
eighty the old gentleman had a good deal of snap in him still.
Ii there were any particular feature last week it was the sudden
hardening of the call money .market in^Xew York, but as money
always hardens about this time of the vear. and the advance in rates
T AST week was another excellent one in trade, but the volume
I of business was hardly up to that of the preceding week, which
was a record breaker. The country's bank clearings showed a
gain, of 55.1 per cent over the corresponding week in 1903, with a
remarkable gain of 82.6 per cent at New York and large expansions
at Boston. Baltimore. Philadelphia. Pittsburg and other large cities
and with onlv two cities — St. Louis and Providence— out of the
twenty leading centers showing a loss. The clearings themselves
amounted to over S2.500.ooo.ooo, against an average" of $2.ooo.coo,
ooo, and the failures were only 205, against 258 for the same week
last vear. It mav. however, be remarked in this connection that the
list oj lailures included several large concerns, whereas lor some
months past no verv heavv collapses have been recorded.
PROSPERITY STILL WITH US.
Both men and women clln* to their
Ideals In love almost as tenaciously as
they do to life itself. But there is a
difference in the attitudes they main
tain toward the gods they worship.
To a man it Is the ideal which he
has of womanhood that matters. In
the beginning his love is invariably a
selfish proposition, though it may grow
in grace as the years pass by. He ex
pects that the girl whom he has chosen
will conform to his requirements for
her, and if she fails to do so he comes
before long to feel that she Is not the
girl for him.
A woman, on the 'other hand. Is stead
fast to her Ideal of the man whom sht
loves. Heloise. in her devotion to
Abelard. offers a historic eiamde of
the self-abnegation which a grreat love
means to a woman. Every letter that
she wrote to the man who ruined her
life by the cold selfishness of his con
duct rings with a passionate unwill
ingness to blame him in any way for
the unhappinees which shut out for her
all the beauty of earthly hope.
One feels In reading the letters that,
were her Idol to fall from Its niche
above her, It would crush her kneeline
before it.
"Men are not like women, who. when
they love, give themselves ud to their
feelings," comments Mantegrazza. the
Italian professor of psychology, who
has made love hie especial study. "Men
love much as they eat or drink or walk.
With them love is merely one side of
life, It is not life itself,"
She realizes that she looks much
more attractive when well groomed for
the street, or society, than she docs
early In the morning In the privacy of
her boudoir. <
She knows her fault3; no one else on
earth knows them so well; and she
learns to take compliments on her an
gelic temper with a pinch of salt, as
delicacies pleasant to the palate, but
too rich for the digestion.
Therefore, she tries consciously to
keep the love which she has gained, if
it means anything at all to her. She
seeks t« make herself necessary to the
man whom she lores. She tries to cut
his Ideal of womanhood into visible,
tangible form. She accepts her lover's
preferences as her best guide in mat
ters of conduct. She adjusts herself to
him mentally so far as she is able. And
she strives to be. morally and spiritu
ally, an inspiration.
A girl" who has common sense appre
ciates that she is not really a queen,
though men of her acquaintance may
have told her so. She comprehends
that her personal charms, while suffi
ciently great, perhaps, to distinguish
her from the crowd, would not de
servedly win her rank at a beauty
show.
LOVE resembles other more material
forms of riches in btine easier to
get than to keep. The situation
is exactly as the author of -Love
Affairs of Some Famous Men" has
stated it: "Dove at first eleht is
easy enough; what a girl wants is a
man who can love her when he sees
her every day."
Any good looking girl, who has that
indescribable attribute called stvle. can
go as a stranger to a town of medium
size, and in an incredibly short time
have many of the young men of the
place enamored of her charms. The at
traction of- "the new girl in town" Is
worthy of a proverb. To retain the
devotion which she has Inspired is an
other story. Accomplishment of this
i requires spirit «md delicacy of art; but,
more than either, are purity of mind
and purpose indispensable.
The witticism which declared the
average taxpayer no more capable of a
grand passion than of a grand opera
may be as' just as it Is ciever. but this
; Individual, as we see him in America, is
conspicuously a manly man. and his
love for woman is a manly love. Fem
inine lightness may catch his fancy,
but it takes the wholesomeness Tof an
, upright womanhood tr> hold it.
BY DOROTHY-' FENIMORE
Stung by their taunts, he bet heavily
that the little actress would jrive him a
kiss before the boat dropped down the
the postofflce and generaV store? Her
disdain had been noted by the town
people and. with the memory of their
poker losses still fresh, they were dis
posed to twit him upon his lacii of suc
cess.
They were about thirty miles below
Vicksburg. and Branscome had about
decided to let Burrowes go, no matter
what the consequences, when fate
solved the problem for him. It was
their custom to tie up at a town for
several days, avoiding the cities where
there were permanent theaters. The
company could then play to a profit
three or four nights.
At this particular landing a profes
sional gambler had been drivine a brisk
business, and, with well-lined Dockets,
sought to attract Miss Montaeues at
tention when she made little trips to
So they drifted down the Ohio, pass
ing into the Mississippi at Cairo Just a3
the days began to turn cool. Branscome
had played the route a dozen seasons
in an old boat, and knew just how to
time his tour. They reached the lower
river just as the cotton, suear and
rice began to weigh the doirn-boats.
and money was plentiful.
Branscome would; gladly have dis
charged Burrowes to save Blanche, but
Burrowes had an ironclad two years'
contract without ,a canceline clause.
Usually two weeks' notice might be giv
en on either side, and Branscome
groaned when he remembered that it
was he. thinking only of the leadinsr
man's popularity, who had ureed— and
finally had carried— the omission of tie
cancellation clause. * "
Branscome strove to win Blanche's
confidence,* with the result that she
cultivated Burrowes all the more as
siduously.
Meanwhile Miss Montague showed a
preference for the society of the leading
man, Jim Burrowes. and Branscome
passed sleepless nights wonderinc how
he could warn her of the actor's real
character without making it appear
that jealousy was the motive of his
remonstrance.
As for Miss Montague, the philos
ophy of life was summed up in the
quotation. "Men were deceivers ever,"
and she had heard that the "Nancy
B." was named after Branscome's
wife. Somehow she could not* help
being attracted to the big-hearted,
out-spoken giant, but there ever rank
led the memory of his letter— the only
love letter he had ever written— and
the side comments of the players
about his wife. They had come almost
slmultanenously. k>^
Branscome soon" saw that his at
tentions were unwelcome, and. being
at heart a gentleman, he desisted from
any further attempt to woo her. He
had no idea of the rumor that the
boat was named after his wife, and,
being keenly aware of his lack of pol
ish, he supposed that his rejection was
due to this cause.
Being a strict disciplinarian. Brans
come gave no outward evidence of
his love, and none of the company,
with th» exception of Miss Montague,
whose real name was Blanche Blake,
ever dreamed thai the hard-hearted,
brusque .manager had fallen a victim
to Cupid's wiles.
There were a dbzen in Branscome's
company. pood, players who pre
ferred the easy work of a floating,
theater to the more strenuous life of
"the road." but to the manager per
sonally only one member of the com
pany counted, the dainty little wom
an who played the ingenue roles In the
rather lurid plays which formed the
repertoire of the Branscome Stock
Company.
HE "Nancy B." fresh in the glory j
Tof new paint and bright brass .
work, strained idly at her moor- j
ings From the wharf her owner j
regarded her with pride.
The '"Nancy B." was not a trim j
yacht. There were gaudy pictures J
on her side?, and altogether she looked
like anything but the stanch little
river craft that slid b>" her in the,
stream.
"Best little theater on the two riv
ers." declared her owner proudly. !
"Why. she can seat seven hundred and j
stand up another three. Got a good
company, too. Cleverest little sou
brette; why, say!"
"Good morning. Afr. Branseome." |
said a pleasant voice at his elbow.j
Branscome Jumped and turned, but [
the girl passed on. with a smile that i
was pleasant but not too familiar. It I
was the InRenue. Blanche Montague. !
river, acd by toe last nizht of tfes
engagement he stood to lose several
hundred dollars more than he had taken
from the local ?arnestera.
Desperate at his lack of success, he
began drinking? and arrived at the boat
Just sober enough to pa£3 the door.
During: the first act the tunas of ths
liquor mounted to his head and when.
In the second act. Elanche Montasrae
came out in short fiirts to <io her
Imitation, of a child, he iprane to his
BY COLIN S. COLLINS.
POPULAR SOCIETY WOMAN
GOING INTO BUSINESS
AS A BINDER OP B00K5
LOVE, LIKE RICHES,
EASIER TO GET THAN
IT IS TO RETAIN
LOVE ON "NANCY. B"
THE SAN FFf AN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADCEKS AUL. CCiOTCXICATIOJCS TO
JOHN lIcNACGUT Manager
FCE1JCAT3CN CmCE THIRD A.VD MAKKET STEEETJ*. EA5 rRA?:CISCO
MONDAX NOVEMBER 28, 1S04
THE SAX FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY. -NOVEMBER 28, 1901.
6Memorial Servires Impressive.
Impressive memorial services to the
There's only one thing more .melan
choly than an autumn day, and that's
not having a new autumn hat to. wear
on that day.
It is a pleasure to visit our leather
goods .department and' see the outlay of
good values in trunks, valises, pocket
books, travelers' outfits, cameras, little
•gold and leather clocks and toilet arti
cles. -All fine leather goods lettered in
gold free of charge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. . •
Travelers' Delight*
Chief Wittman received a letter yes
terday from J. W. Ingram, City Health
Officer at Walla Walla, Wash., ask
ing him to find if possible Mrs. Ella
Harris, who is said to live in this city.
Her brother, Raymond Williams, 14
years of age, while on his way to visit
her was stricken with typhoid fever at
Walla Walla. The boyywas unable to
give her address.-
Wuuts to Fiml Mrs. Harris.
Some of the handsomest styles of pic
ture frames arc finished nowadays in
gold lacquers and gold bronzes, with bur
nished gold ornaments, that cost about
one-half the price of genuine gold
frames: are just as beautiful, but not as
durable, therefore not quite "as good as
gold." Many of the very latest shapes
and styles are finished in this manner.
Our eliop is full of the very best help
and nil orders are_Jurned out promptly.
Sanborn.'Vall & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Not As Cootl As Gold-
B. O. Hagan, a laborer, went into a
barber shop at the corner of Kearny
and Washington streets .yesterday
morning and raised such a disturbance
that he was thrown out. Next he tried
to break in tj»e"doorof Metzler's under
taking parlors' on Washington street.
Failing in this he crossed the street
and started trouble in Louis Good
man's pawnshop. Goodman attempted
to throw him out and a scrap was in
progress when Policeman Peshon ap
peared and arrested Hagan on a
charge of disturbing the peace.
I In Kan Runs Amuck.
During Saturday, evening Mrs. Bair
and Miss Easton had dined at a
downtown restaurant and after mid
night the men of their party sum
moned a coupe from the United Car
riage Company to take the ladies
home, as . it was raining heavily.
Driver Charles Harding turned down
II street toward Ninth avenue andVhls
vehicle made poor progress over the
street, which has recently been torn
up. When he reached^Ninth avenue
and Hs street an electric" car overtook
him and. according to the officials of
the United Railroads, he turned sud
denly in front of the car, which was
moving at a rapid riite.
In an instant coupe, horses, passen
gers and car were mixed in indescrib
able confusion. Harding was thrown
from his seat: he. struck, on his side
some distance ahead of the wreck.
Miss Easton and' Mrs. Bair saw their
danger and attempted to get out of
the coupe just before'the collision oc
curred, but they moved too , slowly.
Miss Easton was thrown under the
coupe and the debris o.f^ the wreck
was piled about her. She had a re
markable escape. Mrs.. Bair was
caught in the coupe, 'thrown violently
against the side of the vehicle and
bruised and cut about the head and
hands. No one. was injured on the
car. The horse that was killed was
struck down in front of the car and
caught in such a menner as to have
his feet under the forward wheels and
his body crushed by the fore end of
the conveyance.
Harding was removed to the Park
IKspita). where injuries were
treated. The frightened and bruisd
women .were sent home in a hack.
The United Railroads officials say
¦ that it ' was an unusual route that
Harding chose when he drove to the
home* of Mrs. Bair and that owins to
his driving Into the unpaved' street,
hampered by sand and unable to see
his way" was clearly, he got his team
ticross the track when the electric car
was not In a position to stop. quickly.
A dark night, a swiftly moving elec
tric car and a confused driver of a
coupe caused trouble for the United
Carriage Company, injury to Charles
E. Harding, hackmaiY, and much dis
comfort and suffering to Mrs. M. A.
Bair and Miss Daisy Easton yester-.
day morniner at 3:30 o'clock. Mrs.
Bair and Miss Easton are at the home
of the former, 1283 Tenth av-jnue,
and Harding is resting at his room,
792 Grove street, somewhat the worse
for his experience, but not very badly
damaged. /
One of the horses was killed in the
collision and it is a marvel that the
two women and the driver were not
killed outright or. maimed for life.
Harding, was the most seriously in
jured. He suffers from contusions of
the back and hip. He was treated
at the Park Hospital and subsequently
removed to his home. -Mrs. Bair and
Miss Easton were not hurt so badly
that they could not be sent directly to
the Bair home. .
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27,—Secretary
Morton to-day authorized a, denial of
published reports of the engagement
of his daughter. Miss Pauline Morton,
to Thomas Chalmers of Chicago.
Miss Morton Not Enj;nj;ed.
Tackmau Harding and Two
Women Are Injured in a
Collision Xear -the Park
ELECTRIC CAR
SMASHES COUPE
late Rev. Edward Bentley Church
were held in the Episcopal churches
of the city""* yesterday and were at
tended by many friends and associates
of the lamented clergyman. At
Trinity Church, Bush and Gough
streets, the services in the evening
were attended by members of Cali
fornia Commandery. Knights Tem
plar, and Oriental Lodge, F. and A. M.
The sermon was preached by the Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett. D. D.
took part in the f\ght, very few of the
redwoods were hurt, their thick heavy
overcoats of bark protecting them en
tiiely as the flames swept past. Of
course, this could not be possible with
pine, spruce, hemlock, tamarack or
ar.y other resinous tree. But the red
wood, like the white celar, is compara
tively fireproof.
There are no forest or grass fires in
England, because Sherwood Forest is
"sheeped." So is New Forest. They <
are fed down so close by sheep, while j
the poor pick up the sticks ?o care- |
fully that there is nothing left to burn, j
There are no fires in Japan, because I
every tree belongs to the Emperor, j
Your rooftree may have been in your
family for generations, but it takes, a
great deal of red tape to cut down a
tree in Japan, for every tree, no
matter where it stands, is trimmed
and trained for scenic. purposes by the
Gen-ernment. Our own land, State and
Federal, should take a deeper interest
iii forestry, and we cannot bui-'Tiail
with gratitude the action of our State
University, through Professor Sterling,
along this line of work. Any man cut
ting a tree should be made to clean
it un, root and branch.
Meantime I shall continue to. try to
forestall fire , with fire, as I believe
every other careful and foreslghted
granger in the State does and has done
from the first, taking his lesson from
the Indians. When a safer or cheaper
method is found, which is not improb
able with those learned men to lead
us, I shall be the first to adopt it.
THE HEIGHTS, Dimond, Cal.
VENERABLE POET OF THE WOODS. WHO DISCUSSES THE PREVENTION OF FOREST FIRES.
All California was In consternation
lately to learn that the great State
Redwood Park. only, lately acquired,
•was on fire. Some said "campers,"
some said "hunters," some said
"spontaneous combustion." No one
can say or ever will know. Stanford
students turned out by scores as fire
fighters. The State spent $50,000 try
ing to put the fire out, but it had its
own way and stopped only when it
was ready. It' was consuming the
debris of twenty-five years. : If this
stuff had been burned up in spots and
by spells no harm at all would have
been dene to the great sequoias. Even
as it was, I am told by students who
IX REDWOOD PARK.
But burn the first brown spot that ap
pears and burn about sundown, when
the wind is still; burn and keen burn
ing till you have the rank and file of
your wild growth broken; and above
all, kftp an eye on, the public road
and that young man with an old gun
and a box of cigarettes who is hunting
his way to the penitentiary.
And yet it should be frankly said that
forests are not always set on fire by
foolish hunters or anybody else. As
you steam down the Yukon River dur
ing: sultry August you see mountains
on fire right and left, away uu where
foot of man has never trod. May be
tall dead gopher trees have had their
tops whipped together in the wind till
fire was made by friction, as an Indian
makes it, or may be decaying pins and
needles, at their roots .have spontane
ously ignited in the tremendous heat
of the overhanging sun.
Fortunately our season of danger is
short in any part of the State: some
places longer and greater than others,
but all at some time in peril, as you see
by the furrows and the fire Hne3 drawn
around the stacks and ricks in the
lk*!ds. It is likely if there had been u
better way to ward against fire my fel
low grangers would have found it out
by this time. Our farms and orchards
and great national parks are only hay
stacks of greater dimensions. For the
life of me I can see no other way to
pet ready foj* the fires that will surely
come, sooner or later: cattle, sheop.
horses, anything that will subdue the
wild growth of this generous soil. If
you have not these, or if the grasses
get ahead ot'the stock, then. burn.
Of course this hillside is only a little
spot on the map. But I happen to know
that the mighty forests of Mount Shas
ta owed their/ existence and preserva
tion to careful old Indian squaws. Un
derstand, they did not burn everything,
nor was' all burned at one time. The
head of McCloud River is a series of
warm springs. Here were dense thick
ets of vine maple for elk to winter in:
there were also preserves * for bear,
deer and so on. But this was long.
lor\s ago. The burned stumps of to
day are not of their doing. '.?
I for use. When the county is done !
i with it the man who gave it has it '
back again. The saucy young nimrod
has no more right to build a fire in the
public road than to build it. in my'
barnyard./
Now, I 'do not say that all foolish |
young hunters are bad at heart; but I \
do say that they are all too reckless |
and ignorant to be at large with such ,
risks. Why, if I should go to San j
Francisco and deport myself as these \
youngsters do I would be in jail in less j
than two hours. And the oldo> - men i
are not blameless. And the press of j
the State is far from blameless. For i
instance, a story went the rounds late- |
ly of a big club man shooting a deer .
across the public road and then rush- ;
ing to .the nearest Justice of r?he Peace, j
making a charge against himself, pay- i
ing a fine of five dollars and then tak- !
ing his game into camp in great tri- j
umph. It is not to the point to tell
how the deer turned out to be an old
farmer's pet. It proves, however, that
a clubman may not only shoot across
the road, but shoot from it and defy
the law for a pittance. And the press
has no word of rebuke. The man in the
country has no rights which the citv,
man respects, it is little wonder that
the fanners of Mendocino wanted to
Jiang some men lately for starting fires
Jn order to drive deer from cover. I
think if the press would help us grang
ers to make known the law and hold
it in respect we would have feiver great
losses by fire. Xov; here are two laws
that are broken all to bits every Sun
day all along the way from my door
yard down to the cars; here are the
two most frequent and disturbing vio
lations of law, for it is forbidden: (1)
To shoot meadow larks; (2) to shoot
on inclosed lard without permission.
The '"hunters" not only shoot from
the road, but across th»» road and their
game, if any, is the dear little meadow
lark; and their answer generally is. if
you take the trouble* to ask them off:
your grounds: "Why, where are your
notices?"
THE INDIAN" ¦ METHOD.
But with all precaution possible, as
in your city, we can only lessen our
care and our losses. The auestion
asked me is: "Shall we follow the
Indian method, as described bv an
Englishman in one of the oldest books
on America in the British Museum, or
shall we let the forest take care of it
self?' My answer is special rather than
general, for I have a special spot of
ground and have managed to plant,
and preserve by the Indian method, a
forest that can be seen afar.
An enterprising company holding
thousands of acres and on all eides of
me has planted about 200.000 trees this
last season. They have lost a few thou
sand young trees by fire. . The trees
were left entirely to nature, with the
grounds carefully guarded. I am afraUl
they will never be able to cover the
Contra Costa foothills, as is their most
laudable design, till they keep the
grasses subdued, cither by stock or fire.
To illustrate: the old Governor Low — or
McGec— place grew some beautiful
groves all right for more than a dozen
years by leaving them to nature. But
only last month they all went up in
Brooke.
L«t tne call attention to the fact that
fvery one of our great- fires in this
:r.f»Ft disastrous year in the coast's n'la
ir>ry was fed by debris. The pla'n
truth \s there can be no great hres if
ve have small ones. I do not know
•-hat there are advocates of Indian «r
f.rti-Ind;en methods. I Fhould say It
it mostly a matter of carelessness or
iriiiffereuce. When there has not been
it fire for ten or twenty years ve are
not >:¦ :.-.k to bother much about It fn
irrip Fpai««ely-settled and busy coun
try. 1~he. only real worker 1 in this line
:? the railroad. Look out of the oais
for thousands of miles and you %\ill
e?e that the grass has been burned o
fViP emu? plowed. If there is o. bet
ter m<=;rod the learned engine :rs of
this ti lion investment should practice
». turtly.
As for the burning up of small tieca
cne should know that nature is most
generous here. A thousand little trees
art panted to one that perfects: Look
along the railroad trenches above the
Cpe line and you will see little pine
tiWkets that a bear couldn't get
through. A dozen years later end nine
<".v of ten are dead. Twenty years
later and not one in a hundred lives.
Hig trees, like big men, must grow
¦wide apart— the survival of the fittest
— or tightest.
"There is one thing that no man is
ever quite prepared for. and them is
twins!"
No man is ever quite prepared for
» :th>=-r fire or its twin-destroyer, flood.
They truly come as a thief in the
iiitrht. It would seem that njan, with
tu his ingenuity and great numbers.
¦should be able to defeat ,the great fires
of ''hicago. Boston, Baltimore and so
"n. Rut they come right along at al
most regular periods. And if trained
urn in millions can't conquer ifires in
the great cities how can we expect the
thinly settled country with no disci
pline or appliances to do so?
The best that can be done, it seems
to me. is to set a few plain facts be
fore the people and urge them through |
the press to constant care durin? the j
riry jrraes season. For our fires, unlike \
th'ise of Michigan. Wisconsin and lik» '
lumber regions, are not forest fires to i
begin with We have but little forest
on the level, as those States have. Our
trees are on the mountains and ar«»
rearh<r<5. as a rule, by grass fires that
tiffin in the valley. When we have
m^re stock on the foothills it will be
better.
The Swiss start thpir dairy cattle up
the foothills early and kepp climbing
snt < limbing till the <>nd «>f the season,
•wh^n the cold drives th^m back home
vith th* cattle laden with chsese. They
r>«"ver have fires, because they leave
n-'thirg for the fire to feed upon. H^nce
I advise the use of fire. aft«»r the In
dian fashion, in places where the grass
Is too luxuriant. Of course, as Mr.
Furling says, it is dangerous work.
Few men have the pat'ence and the
fine sense of nature that an Indian
voman has, and if ignorant and irre
sponsible strangers, knowing litti<j
about the work. Fhould be set to burn
grass, only trouble could come of it.
BIRMNT, THE GRASS.
I have, in the last eignteen years,
planted about twenty thousand trees
on my hills here and have succeeded In
preserving some hundred redwood trees
rf th^ F*'-<>n-J gr<>y,*h in my canyon. I j
could not have donf this without burn
ing the grass as fa<u as it ripened so
as to be fit to burn. I of course kept
••^ttle on my grass ail the time, but
mine is a roujrh bit of ground and
there is always a spot here snd there
that escapes the cattle. This has to
b«> burned. I also burn the publir road
when it can be burned. A public road
should he a good fire lin*\ a wall
against tho fires of careless neighbors:
bat as thf country could hardly afford
to plow or mow the ground I try to dis
pose of the dry grass myself.
The generous eoil of Lake County I
noticed only last year sends up a
growth of vine?, moss and grasses that
leaved hardly room for the stage to
pass. This year all that part of the
State is in mourning. Had the pub
lic roads '>eon ko:H clf-an the chances
are that the millions that went ud in
smoke this year in the northern coun
ties would have bern spared to us.
And now one word about -the men
•who use the public highways. At the
most critical season v;f the year hun
dreds of smart and ignorant' j-ounp
men r»our out of the cities into the
foothills and mountains. And every
one has a gun, generally some old
style that loads with a "wad"; this
wad is the very thing to fire the grass. !
Or if the noisy young "hunter" does |
not gtart a fire with his old s^in he \
camps by the wayside and leaves thej
embers of his campflre to the winds, j
All such creatures eeern to think the,
reads. as« well as the earth. b»long to
them. But the public road is only
an easement. The public road ia only
a rlgrht of way. Tho. ground belongs
to the man who let the county have it
BY JOAQUIN MILLER.
T C7 1J ID' /^ r 77 TV tttt *7 ->/ ,,^7 7 1 • ,^7
Land should Be Carefully Burnt Over Where Not Kept Clean by Livestock
'T'HIS forceful plea for the prevention of forest
1 fires is made by Joaquin Miller. The veteran
lover of the woods tells his own experience in start
ing a yoang forest, which he has saved from destruc-
*
tion by burning the dry grass and undergrowth.
This was the method of the Indians in the old days,
he declares, and to it California owes her great for
ests of to-day. It must be followed wherever live
stock fails to keep down the grass, which the care
less hunter is ever ready to set on fire.
PREVENT THE FOREST FIRES BY
DESTROYING DEBRIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2S, 1904
7
,jj*OSTUH CEnKAI;.
FACT
Easily provH
that
will rebuild a breken-uown,
coffee-ruined system.
Get tiif Httl«* lK>ck, "The Road t3
Wcllvillo.* In each l-kg.
Colic and stomach troubles are avoid-
ed by using Mellin's Food for the
baby. Mellin's Food being soluble,
easily digested and very nourishing,
Mellin's Food babies are free from
colic and stomach troubles. Try a
bottle of Mellin's^ Food and prove it
¦.to' your .'own satisfaction. . :^
We will send you a sample of Mellin's Food
fres of charge. . ' f ¦
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MA3S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJiVERtLSEAtESTS. ' ;
COMPANY
110 FOURTH STREET
Tel. Howard 1988.
MONDAY, TUESDAY and
WEDNESDAY SPECIALS
18 lb«. Granulated Sugar, best cane.. $1.00
With orders.
French Castile Soap, Virgin brand... 25c
Reg. 30c.
3 cans Eastern Corn . . . . .' 25c
R*g. 10c. ; ,: -."
Eastern Cheese, per lb 10c
Reg. 15c.
Evaporated Fean. per lb 10c
4 cans Jam, 2-lb. tins, Plum or Pear. .25c
9 lbs. Cream naked Boiled Oats 25c
Regr. 6 lbs.
Choice Creamery Butter, per square, ,30c
1% lbs. Reg. 35c.
Xinff«ton'« Corn Starch, per package.. 5c
6 cam Sardines In Oil, key opener 25o
Reg. 4 for 25c. -_
Eastern Oil, good quality, 5 gallons.. 75o
Reg. 90c,
Snider's Catsup, per bottle 20o
Reg. 25c.-' '.r
Crosse & Black well's Sweet Pickle*, per
jar .> 15c
Reg. 25c. I ¦ x
Best Mission Hgf[*, per dozeti 40c
i Sold everywhere for 50c.
Toboggan Maple Syrup, per can 2Oo
Reg. 25c. •
Choice Coffee, frest^ roasted, per lb...lSo
ahlrardelli's Cocoa, per can .30c
Reg. 25c. *\
Ghlrardelll'B Chocolate 25c
Keg. 30c.
_ — ¦ ... ¦ '
Rheumatism
• '¦¦ ¦-'- •¦¦.'_¦•¦¦..•¦,* ¦.¦',-¦>¦. ',¦•-¦¦¦¦* - :V~ ';
Neiir/if &\a
X i §** m. fMt JB 4sL 1%4 *
Malaria
1 T 1M1M1 JLC&
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price, |
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For j
sale by all dealers apd at office i
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m. ,
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montgomery Sl.eet.
Capital paid a? .....$ 600,000
LIvidends paid to depositors . 1,656,226
< CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LEOAULET. Vice-Pretldeay
. LEON BCCQUEKAZ. SecretarT. x
"JOHN Q1NTT. Asit. Secretary.
»IEZC7OE3:
Dr. E. Artlgues, C6as. Carpy. Leon Kauffman,
O. Boxlo. J. B. Clot, A. Rooa.
Leon Bocqurraz. J. It. Dupas. A Leralic'..
J. A. ller^errt, J. E. Cod>au. J. J. Mack.
Xaterttt paid on deposits. Loans mad* ea
Heal Kstat* and approved securities.
\
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED 1
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASOM. \
Sliver-Mounted Bows, Finest Strings
Pilnrp DOlyrT PA!L T0 I
laiatW see thc "beautiful !
j COURT Lounging J
/lilfl room, the EMPIRE
lUlU PhRLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
-lirand louis xv par.
U1UHU LQR and the LA
U j 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels sqqm
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xa the enly cure for X7ervon» ana
'¦• Bronchial AST3Y.A. l
Tour Druggist or at 6US UAIUHT ST..
San Francisco. Cat. .
AMUSJE3IEXTS.
(Absolutely Fireproof.) .
H. W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT TH xf G^ ST TC-XI6HT
Matinee* Thursday and Saturday.
¦ Oliver Morosco Offers
Howard Goitia— J. K. Ollmonr
And tho Majestic Theater Company in t
The Unabridged Production According to the I
Author's Script, of Augustus Thomas'
Great Play, i
"IN MIZZOURA"!
REAPPEARANCE OF ADELE BLOCK.
Greatest Production Ever Given In Stock.
Next— -THE SENATOR."
|ii! .jfe, Racing!
l New Jockey
California H Club
}•.:? OAXX.AND TRACK. *
Commencing SATURDAY. November 12.
Racing ev^ry week day. rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at th$ track take j
S. P.' Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00. i
I 12:30, 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
[ leave the track at 4:10 and 4:15 p. m. and lm-
B mediately after the last race.
I THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY >V. TREAT. Secretary. _ . '
II VIMY* 14 Al I HO EDDY ST.
LIlULf n/\kvLf Above Mason
THIS WEEK ONLY
Commencing TO-NIGHT ct 8:15
MATS. Weds, and Frl. at 3:30; Sat. at 3.
i BEN GREETS PLAYERS
Sis The Star of Betifefcem
A Mlr*vte Play of the' Nativity by Prof.
C?.arle» Mills Gayley.
T.ESERVF.D SKATS— $1.30. M.OO and 75c.
/.Box O'flc* SVr.Tian. Clay & Co.'s.
11 This Cap Label §|
|i| is a guarantee of the purity |||
HI and richness of our eh
S Brand m
H Evaporated m
H Cream M
f|i to anyone able to prove J||i
I - A3IT7SE3IEyTS.
SURPRISES and NOVELTIES
SAM ELTON,
"TBS MA2T WHO 2KASS THE SHAH
T^ATJOH;"
Marsrnerlte LeRoy and Siar. Gnlltbno
Kicci: Josaelin Trio; Clement ds IiIotd
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Brew; Webb's
Seals; DeWltt. Burns and Torrance;
Tyce and Jermon, and On>hcsm Motion
Pictures, Snowingr "Tfca Loit Child"
aad Other JTovsltles.
Regular Matinees Every "Wednesday. <Thur«-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
GRAND SSSIi
— MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST WEEK
Of the Successful Musical Tomfoolery
The
Show Girl
NEW SONGS, DAXCES & SPECIALTIES.
NEXT SUNDAY R THE ROYAL
MATINEE » COMEDIANS
Williams & Walker .SSsSiZ*
¦ .. 1
I
SECOND ENORMOUS WEEK.
M ATI NEE S ATU R D A Y; Vr
Charles B. Dillinjfhajn Presents
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In the Clyde Fitch Comedy.
HER O1A/IN W/\Y
Next Sunday — German Performance. 'IM
WEIS^EN ROESSI." Seats Ready.
Comiiur— "A CHINESE HONEYMOON."
oimfpfljiysf
A new Tivr.ii trt- W A I • If
urn p h. at popular 1 g% UilfVrlT
prices, of the great § 1 1« 8H I y Iff
Comic Opera Success I U 111 t III
by Pixley and Lurters. ©
in three acts, called: L..^..
tttith a great
B^fA.?^* TiVOLICAST:
s^ BlXdft •* Including: Wlllard
aMIWJ* Simms. Teddy
Webb, EdwUJ
Wk if^V "STV jf**k Clarke. William
RBI «!¦¦ ¦ Schuster. Ben Dil-
lon - Irene Outtrlm
.7^ E.1ith Mason, Dora
de Filllnpe. Bessie Tannehlll.
Seats Always Selling — Reg. Tivoll Price*.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAT.
i , I, , i 1 1, , i i,
AT C* A T A TJBelascr, A iUyer.
ALLAZAn z^gs.
Generr . Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
¦""¦"¦""""""n The Oreat««t Stock Com-
T^sLjf^E* uany in America In Hall
i'llaL Caine's Master Work.
] CHRISTIAN
An Oririnal Version of th» Best Play of
Modern Tlm»s.
MISS LAWREpTtTE as GI^ORT QL'ATLE,
MR. CRAIG as JOHN STORM.
Eve.. 25c to 75c. Mats.. 25c to 50c
Dec. R— J M. Banie's Sweetest Comedy,
THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORT.
TO-NIGHT! v|
I OLLIE MACK and JOE W. SPEAR3 J9
! Present th<* San Francisco Favoritee. N
I GALLAGHER & BARRETT |
| In th~? Evergreen Success B|
FINNIGAN'S BALL j
i Funniest Irish Fare* Comedy Ever B
l -Written. .'•¦•• ••> «j
i Next Sunday Matinee — THE WH#- 2
j LIAM H, WEST MINSTRELS. 'jj
j* Tne Triumph or Modern Minstrelsy. *£
Market St.* near EiRhth. Phone South &•••
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEIC.
Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
Tb« createst Eastern success of recent y?ar«,
first time hcra of tbe excellent comedy
THE LITTLE CHURCH
AROUND THE CORNER
A tale of real life! Humor! Pathos: Wit! ,
Tb« Insane Asylum at Blackwell Island.
The Klzht In the Tower.
• Xraas and the blizzard.
POPULAR PRICES — Eve. 10c to 30c. Mats.
1 1 tc* 1 %O **%O
J Nex(— "THE SUBURBAN."
TONY LUBELSKI, General Manager.
We Make a Complete (.Tianpe This Afternoon
and for the Week, With One Exception, the
SHEIK --H AD ji-?TAHAR
Famous Tioup* of Nine x Acrobat3.
There Are More "Headliners."
SOLIS nROTITUn^. Mexican quintet,
direct from ' Mexico: INHZ SCOTT.' aerial
dancer: CLIVE, srreat sinking comedian:
WASHER BROTHERS. boxinsr midgets;
FERN COMEDY TOUR. Rrst appearance;
MAXINE MITCHELL., popular soutirette:
six other features; unequaled moving pictures.
10c and 20c. 2To hi<rher.
Children Ten Cents Anywhere.
Afternoons at 2:30. Nights at 7:30 and 9.
'A Splendid Snow Every Afternoon and
Events* In tae Tneater.
/ DON'T FAIL TO SEE .
ITHE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
THE REIGNING SENSATION CF CONEY
¦ ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIR.
\ A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
' AMATEUK NIGHT and ELECTRIC FOUN-
| AMA * TAIN THURSDAY.
! ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN. ......5o
' BUgCELLAXEOCS AMCSEMKXTS.
VIOLIN and PIANO RECITAL
BY
MI3S Bl^KCHE COOHAK
Vlcllnlate.
PUPIL. OF NATHAN LANDSBERCER
MISS JOSEVE3KB COONAST
PUPIL. OF HUGO XIANSFEtaDT.
<?TV!NW\Y 1ULU £2"» S UTTER STREET.
TUESDAY EVKNINO. NOV. =D. 1904. AT
S:15 o'clock.
TICKETS -50 CENT*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER. 28, 1904.
8
THE GALL
JOHN D. SPKECKKLS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXAUGHT.. JJL:L^. -Manager
W. J. aiARTiy Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask ior THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou '\yith ihe Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F. 1
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
I>eMvered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
5Vrm« by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : '
X>AILY CALL Onc'.ud. Sunday). 1 year. . -$8.00
PAILY CALL (inelud Sunday). 6 moa... 4.00
PAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
6UNDAY CALL, 1 Year f$°.
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 10 °
FOREIGN- f Daily. . .fS.80 Per Year Extra
ruiti-iu* 1 pa \ js Per Vear Extra
POSTAGE. 1 Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
flT.T. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eaxssle Ccplea Win Be Forwarded When
Requested.
M«ji subscribers in ordering change of ad-
Am*, ehouia be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt acd correct compliance with their re-
Cnmt
OAKLAND OFFICE:
tOlfl Broadway Telephone Maia 1063
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tltS Oster Btreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EA1TCEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaiaorf-Artoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
rnlon SQuar*: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and HoSmto House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehennan House: P. O. News Company; Great
Northern Hotel: Treir.ont House; Auditorium
KoteJ; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNKSP, Marquette Building.
<Long Distance Telephone, ••Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CO-RESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Heral* Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, opposite Fifth: cpen until
11 ji. m.
C27 Montgomery etreet, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m. .
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister strett; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
JC6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 'j p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEET HTO UOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Roy- ®
aJ Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- V\T
ING. R. A. degree. /V\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and Q
A. M— THIS (-MONDAY) EVE.VIKG, VV
at 7:3" o'clock. Third degree. Mas- /\f\
t*r Masons cordially invited. By order .
cf tie Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec
KING Solcrr.nn's Lodge No. 2CO. F. end «
A M.. 1H-T9 Fillmnre st. — Third de- *%fVf
pree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING /V\
at 7:3t> o'clock.
HARRY BAEIIR. Secretary._
EFECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS —
Notice is hereby civen that a Fpeclal meet-
In* ~t the stockholders of the CENTRAL
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY will be held
en SATURDAY. December 3, 1904. at 11
o'clock a. m.. at the office of said company,
125 South Main st. <over Wells. Fargo & Co.'s
Ear.k). fait Lake City, Utah, for the purpose
of considering and assenting to. or dissent-
ing iTom. the execution of a new mortgage
vpon the line of railroad of said company
extending from a point of connection with
its original line just north of the Ogden
River, in Weber Coumy, Utah, thence west-
erly across Prcinontory Point and Great Salt
I^ake. through the counties of Weber and
Box Elder, to a connection with the original
line cf raid company near and immediately
west of Grouse Creek, between Lucin and
Gartney nations, on said line, a draft of
*rhich said rropoFed mortgage will be sub-
tniucd at eaid meeting.
E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process Irom Esther Jackson and John M.
Jackson, in Brown Bear Placer Mine, near
New Mohawk. Plumas County, Cal., drain-
:•— into ifulr-hur Creek, which reaches Mid-
dle Fork Feather River, from Shasta Coun-
ty Quartz and Placer Mining Co., in Mur-
derers' Gulch Mine, near" Stella, Shasta
County. Cal.. draining into Clear CreeTc,
¦which reaches Sacramento River, and from
William Nicholls Jr., in Duryea Placer
Slir.e, near Red Pog, Nevada County, Cal.,
Graining into Greenhorn Creek. which
reaches Bear River, gives notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
at room 6S. Flood building. San Francisco,
Cal.. Dec. 12. l!)O4. at 1:30 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — Th« Weekly Call!
If. rarex. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGENTS WAireXp.
TWO good men <^n the best book proposition
ever on the market: no house canvas; Inter-
views arranged in advance; commission and
expenses. Box 1947, Call office.
LADY agent* wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's Suppositories. 1312 Market st., r. 316.
'aTTOBITSYS^AT-IlAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $I2*and
It, no irood; for 22 years I've made divorces
¦ specialty; quid:; quiet; no money needed:
r.o pay unlesn divorce is granted; perfectly
¦ reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
rr.ade. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market ft.
R. W. KING. AUoraey-at-law, Exam. bldg..
€th floor: entrance room 611: established 28
years: all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees in advance cr for consults-
ticn; evening by appointment. Tel Red 3301.
AA — Divorce; corts $12; quick. qulet;advlce free;
a!! law business; no charge unless success-
ful ; cpen evenings. 027 Market et., room COL
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
business legally, promptly and energetically
trxnsarted. W. Matthews. 632 Market, room 23.
ADVICE free; fiivorce costs $12; r.o fees or
cost* In advance: all law business; office
cpen Saturday r-venlr.gs. 819 Market et., r. 33.
L. E. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no lets In advance; open evenings.
ATJTOMOBTT.es. " //
WANTED — Second-hand automobile In good
g running <-r£cr. Box 4707, Call office.
OLDPMOrnLE for sale with top; price $500.
Box 4C00. Call office.
ASTHMA CTTRE.
CI KOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
JOc. 25c, 50c. 3602 Market. St. Nicholas;
also Wifhart. 10th and Washlnrton. Oakland.
CATCPST BEATTTTO AgB 1 CjLEA*"~3rg.
COJCfCSSSBD Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on fl^or without removal;
carpets n:)4 rugs also cleaned by compressed
rir at aiwy. prices moderate. S. F. Com-
prcEae.il Air Cleaning Co., SOS Market st.;
I hnr.es M: '.n J52 and Bush 479.
\V>IFS you bcime dieguited with your work
>-«-5id for EPAUI-DING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ir.g works. 255-257 Tehama «t. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison ft.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGS-
DOltN & CO.; phone ¦Mission 22.'.. -
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
currxt cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Misrfon 74.
ADVANr-K C"arpet Cleaning Co., 402 Kutter St.;
tel. Main S1'4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
KUUOLPII & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison *t.: tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CZ.OTK2EES.
C. F. ADAUS CO.. 3iS Maso~st.— Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
cr.OT3mro eekovatiwo.
gUITS cleaned and pressed.- $1; scouring: and
dyeir.g. 1 Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
rhone Drurcm 44. Call for end deliver free.
CO^^CTIO^JOTTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Uontffcmery *t.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main S580. '
LODGING-HOUSES TOB. SALE — Con.
gantly furnished 6 months ago by Sloane at
cost of over $P00; rent only $25 per month;
fine location; biggest snap on market; only
15 rooms; rent only $70; water free; all oak
furniture; carpets new last June; clears $75
. per month; first class and full of roomers;
$1100 takes it.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
- up-to-date downtown houee; well furnished;
clearing $500 to ' $600 per month; must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on
Geary; nicely equipped throughout: all full
and clearing nice income; price $2000.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
We have a "number of special bargains in flats
of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern ; can be
had for less than half cost to furni&h; must
be sold; either account of; sickness or de-
parture.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade' always on
HOTELS. ' CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
• ¦ ' ¦ - ¦ s . '
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance
corner Third and Market sts. ; tel Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale, free list.
Abstract of Title Free With Each Sale.
Half furnished 40- Beautifully f u r-
room house north nlshed house of
of Market; $1500 60 rooms; on a
takes it up to 10 sunny corner;
a. m.. December stick a pin here;
-• ' "There ls : a the rent is only
tide in the affairs $16S; house full
of all men's lives ( . of steady room-
lf taken at the ers; on account
flood leads on to of sickness the
fortune." pr i ce ($5000) is
See cut in two.
MARION* See
GRIFFIN. • MARION
-' , ' GRIFFIN.
Absolutely our -
best furnished 20- D O U B L E the
room transient profit could be
hoube; right in made ' in this
the heart ot busl- high-class house;
ness activity; you 37, rooms; rich
will nead to put furniture carpets
up about $1300 in and hangings;flne
cash; now clears entrance; an air
$150; your ability of wealth per-
will be the men a- ' vades the house;
ure of your profit. profit now $175;
See fine 1 a n d 1 o rd;
MARION worth $4500.
GRIFFIN. See
MARION
THINK! A 33- GRIFFIN.
room house, clear-
Ing $141 monthly; < UNHEARD of
price $2000; half terms; 23 rooms;
cash and $25 nicely furnished
monthly; t h o r- apartments ;clears
oughly respect- $74 monthly; only
able. . $400 down and
See easy terms.
MARION See
GRIFFIN. MARION
GRIFFIN.
Vacant, 10 rooms;
and 20 furnished: REAL ESTATE
now clears $79 wanted in ex-
monthly. AlmoKt change for a
no work for land- high-class, 50-
lady. If you have j room house ;clears
good furniture ' t $3000 yearly above
and $300 cash all- expenses^ in-
come and see us. eluding living for
MARION man and wife;
GRIFFIN. fine furnishings.
— MARION
BRING us $300 GRIFFIN.
and we will put
you In possession N S P L E NDIDLY
of a nice 15- turn 1 s h e d 40-
room' house full room house; ex-
of steady room- . ceptlonal 1 o c a-
ers; profit $65 tion; lease If de-
monthly; we back eired; high class
you for $700. of rocmers; very
See quiet and select;
MARION only $1750 cash
GRIFFIN. required ; easy
¦. . terms; fine house.
— N B— See
180 rocms. 100 M £SJ2£r^
furnished; $7500; GRIFFIN.
handsomest mod-
ern apartment- — P- S. —
house in this <6 large, light;
city; beautiful $3000; rent $150;
furniture; great lease if desired;
bargain: should house and fur-
clear $700 each 30 nlshings In good
days. • . order; in a fine
See location; clears
MARION ¦'. 5175; on sunny
GRIFFIN. sid«-
. _ See ¦
MARION
Swell 50 - room. . GRIFFIN.
new and modern
house on Sutter; 100 rooms; apart-
most beautifully ment house; al- '
furn 1 s h e d and ways full of nice
clearing J25S and permanent
menthly: electric people; income is
lights; electric $1097 monthly -.ex-
elevator; single penses $1549; profit
rooms; mostly $448; sickness
business men makes a sale ab-
r o o m ers; price solutely necessary
$5000; easy terms. at once.
See See
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
MITCHELL & CO..
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2981.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to BUlt purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
12 rooms, R. $45; good house, $650.
11 rooms, R. $40: Al house, $725.
7 rooms, R. $27 50: corner flat, $200.
14 rooms, R. $60; transient, $1150.
14 rooms. R. $47 50; transient and steady,
$750.
9 rooms, R; $37 50; good renter, $300.
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT CO., 10 Turk st.,
dealers in real estate, rooming-nouses, etc. ;
call and inspect our list of bargains; only
legitimate propositions sold by us; titles
guaranteed. .
BANK REFERENCES. .
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
SPECIAL bargain— Flat of 3 nicely furnished
rooms; on Geary »t., near Pierce; Bruss'ls
carpet: inlaid linoleum; golden oak furniture;
brass bedsteads; hair mattrerses: Majestic
range; dining and kitchen tables; cooking
utensils, dishes, etc.: large yard; rent $15:
all goes for $150. See BROOKBANK, 917
Market St., nea* Fifth.
HENRY C. DECKER,
006 MARKET ST. ESTAB. IN 1877.
Roomlnr-hotises, hotels, apartment-houses,
flats, sold and exchanged. SEE ME FOR
BARGAINS. DECKER, Hotel Broker.
APARTMF.NT-HOUSE, ICO rooms: rent $r>00;
modern building; good furnishings; earns $350
.month; price, $10,000; will exchange for
realty, city or country. Box CSS, Call.
55-ROOM corner house; rent $4.00 per room;
price $3S0O; must be eold. Box 1S52, Call
office.
24 WELL furnished housekeeping rooms; all
full; cheap rent; lease: Eddy st. ; must sell
at great reduction. Box 1 802. Call office.
14-ROOM lodging-house for sale; no agent.
402 Geary st.
21-ROOM house In center of city for sale; very
cheap. Inquire 319 Taylor st.
BARGAIN; 0-rcom rooming-house for sale. In-
quire at SCO Mission st.
FOR eale — Apartment house of 70 rooms; fln«
, location; sunny exposure. Box 4107, Call.
SACRIFICE— 8-room flat, all full," for sale.
7f>3 Eddy st. '" . .¦ '
RICHARD MAYO
The Man With Psychic Power. • '
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
1 -There Is no trouble, doubt or ambition.' no
hope or wish but, what can be realized by
his help and advice; he. is entirely original
in his methods; different from all others; a
visit will bring sure help and will satisfy
you and bring success and happiness to the
seeker* of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee> accepted.
; 421 A Kills st. ; private flat; hours 10 a. m
' to 8 p. m. - . ' .
LIVINGSTONE.
. THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT REAPING. CONSULT LIV-
INGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TRNDANT 20^ KEARNY ST.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
. g.. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st
MRS. SHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader, has .
1 returned: sittings dally. 108 6th st., rooms 1-2.
EMPI.OYMSITTJgAyTin)— MAES.
COOK and wife as second or '*««««• £™* r
and Wile. all first-class o e '
wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CU-.
<S2S Sacramento St. ¦ '
HONEST, Industrious young man, 23. compe-
tent to t«md old sick gentleman, lady or in-
valid, -wishes position; no objection to ao
other work; JJ years' experience with doctor,
best references;, wages $25 to *30 month.
Box 1851. Call office. !
AA— FIRST-CLASS painting, paper hanging,
tinting and decorating by thoroughly experi-
enced mechanic, by the day or Job: work
guaranteed.. 1454 Devisadero st.^^
COMPETENT young porter wishes employ-
ment by day, week or month in hotel build-
ing or private place; city or country- Box
1740, Call office. _
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1730. Call office.
BY a man 26 years *>ld. bookkeeping, time-
keeping or similar work on a ranch; at pres-
ent employed, but desires a position in coun-
try: south preferred; references. Box l»TO.
Call office. i
MIDDLE-AGED man would like to have po-
sition as working foreman on asparagus
ranch; experienced; worked at Sacramento,
Bouldln Island. AIvlso. GEO. BROWN.
Baden. South San Francisco.
GERMAN, middle age. wants position aa vege-
table or flower gardener; understands prun-
inr, is handy wit hcarpenter tools and un-
derstands also to care for horses; city or
country. Box 160. Call office.
COLORED man wishes situation as houseman;
understands care of horses, cows, chickens;
city or country; has references. AdJress
W. CHOCLATB, 1338 Market St.. opposite
Seventh.
BRIGHT young man of 17 years, residing with
parents, wishes to work In wholesale house,
fill orders or work in stock; best or rerer-
ences. Box 1875. Call. i
GARDENER wishes situation: competent in all
branches- greenhouses, orchard, vegetables
and landscape gardening; references. Box
1925. Call office.
WANTED— By experienced traveling salesman,
position either on road or Inside; references
exchanged. Box 290. Call.
YOUNG man. good hostler, wants place in
livery stable: city or country; place with
board preferred. Box 1912, Call.
GOOD cook wants position: first- class refer-
ences; hotel or boardtng-house; wages $60.
Box 235. Call.
FIRST-CLASS baker and pastry cook, wlfie as
helper or saleslady, wish positions; city or
country. 311 Turk st. .
BOOKKEEPER professional accountant, de-
sires position; can furnish best of references.
Wl Poplar St.. Oakland; phone Red 3285.
POSITION as stationary or steam shovel en-
gineer; also steam fitter. Address room 73,
Winchester HoteK
FIRST-CLASS gardener- and coachman wants
situation: is sober, reliable and trustworthy;
best city and country refs. Box 1844, Call.
GENERAL merchandise clerk, age 24 years, 5
years' experience, desires employment; wages
$60. Box 1543. Call office. Oakland.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes situation In a
email family. TOMISAKI. box 1972. OUI.
WANTED — Position as candy helper. Box 237,
Call office.
MAN and wife, man as cook, wife as helper,
want positions; city. Box 236, Call.
MARRIED man desires a position as collector
or clerk; age 23; reference. Box 1787, Call.
ELDERLY man wants situation; single; no
bad habits; rfcfs. Box 1836, Call.
COACHMAN and gardener wants a position;
have first-class references. Box 1956. Call.
A JAPANESE educated In this country with
desire to learn music wants position as
schoolboy; honest and sober. Box 293, Call.
JAPANESE, young boy. wants a position as
schoolboy. H. T., Japanese Mission, 1304 Post
st. Phone Sutter 4132.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position as
schoolboy. GEORGE, 4M Stevenson et. Phone
Howard 1276.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
In a nice family. GEORGE KAWA. 744 Post
et. Phone Suttey 1731.
ECZEMA CUKE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
FINANCIAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid ir. $4,600,000 (X)
Surplus 940,901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
STOCK In th* Oakland Cremation Association
for sale. Apply to W. E. BARNARD, 476
¦Tenth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate
certificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COM-
PANY. 107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
nold; strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.
' riiATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats an let: an immense., list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
bt., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
.our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "m
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market st., opp. McAllister.
STOCKTON, 173 1, near Filbert— Sunny lower
fiat of 6 rooms and bath: rent $28. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 Califor-
nia fct.
ELLIS. 1247, between Octavia and Laguna:
Rrandest Cats In city: Just completed: 7. 7,
10 rooms, and 530 Willow ave., 5 rooms;
will be open daily between 10 and 5 o'clock.
GOLDEN GATE ave., near Central ave — New,
3\:nny flats, tinted and frescoed, 6 rooms,
bath, $30: 6 rooms, bath, attic, $35; Open
dally.
$40 — FINE 2d-story flat of 7 sunny rooms and
b-Jthroom, 2 attic rooms and basement. 142S
Green St., nr. Van Ness ave.
ELEGANT modern flat. 7 rooms 'and bath; sun
in every room; garden, lawn, view; rent rea-
scnabl?. 050 Fe!l st.
ELLIS, S2S — 2 elegant sunny parlors and
kitchen, recently finished, for business and
dwelllns purposes. $30.
SUNNY upper flat: R rooms and bath; newly
papered ar.tl painted; $20. 527 Dolores st.,
near Nineteenth.
MINNA, 1012. near Eleventh — 4 sunny rooms:
yard; rent $15.
CASTRO, 673. nr. 20tri — New sunny flat. Arms.;
latest Improvements; reas. to good tenant.
ELEGANT new fiat: 6 large sunny rooms and
bath. 1737 Page et.. near Golden Gate Park.
ELLIS. "HSB— Lower flat, six rooms, bath; all
modern conveniences.
FOR rent — Nice, sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath: rent reasonable. 2S10 Pine st.
GREEN. 1314A. bet. Larkln and Polk — Six
rooms; bath; very sunny. '
HAIGHT. 852— Upper flat. 7 rooms and bath.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & TIOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MODERN upper flat. 5 rooms and bath. 3825
Twenty-fourth st. ; rent ?22 SO.
NEARLY new flat to let; 4 rooms and bath.
i 336 Tchama st. ¦¦
NEW upper. 6-room and bath: rent $25. 53
Douglass St.. bet. 17th and ISth.
' NEW modern flat of '6 rooms; sun In every
room: $27 50. 2600 Fotsom St., near 22d.
SUNNY cor. middle fiat. 2042 Scott, cor. Sac-
ramento: 7 rooms, etc. : $27 50: water free.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath. 527 Hill st..
near Castro.
5 ROOMS and bath. 30 Bluxome st., near
4th; all in good order; rent $17.
$22 50 — NEW modern flat. 5 rooms, bath and
basement. 132 Eureka St.. near Eighteenth.
$23- — New sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath. North-
west corner Noe and " !th sts. .
7&ATS FOB SALE— TUEITXSHED.
$3C0 — 107 PIKRCE St., 8 w«ll furnished rooms-
will give Immediate possession; this is a ml
rlflo. aa the owner must leave city; call be-
tween 2:30 and 5:30 p. m. Sunday. Monday
or Tuesday; rent $33: 3 room* furnished can
be sublet at $20. Call 407 Pierce st.. 3i a
: Francisco.
REDUCED — Mddern sunny upper flat. 7 lar*.,
' rooms: going to Montana. 917 Jones «.,
near Bush; phone 1 Larkin 4123.
A QUIET light sunny 5-room flat: large yar«1.
furnished cozy home. S100; low rent. 178
Colllngwood st.. near Eighteenth and Caatro.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 8 rooms arj
bath; all sunny; make offer. 7 Hyde st.
FTRNISHED fiat. 6 rooms; bargain. 101ft
Golden Gate ave. •,-.;;,
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms for sale at once
for $175. Box 4704, Call office.
9-ROOM modem flat, nicely furnished; roorna
all rented: bargain; 13 to 3. 1173 Ellis st.
TULTS TO LIT — JUK-NISHED.
NEATLY furnished sunny corner flat. 4 rooms
and bath. $20. 191)6 Golden Gate ave.
ABE LEVY,
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc. until you get hia estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission.- L. H.
BURP, anc. 1638 Market; phone Jeasle g3«.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be-
fore selling 1 your furniture. Phone R«d 4483.
nrBJiiTUBs ros bale.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc 732 Mission; tel. Bush 313
WALNUT furniture of high grade, etc.. for
sale: no dealers. 255 Thirteenth st.
lli'LP WAHTZD- -TPynut AJtTt.
A WAITRESS for first-class hotel in city. $23;
a waitress, also a chambermaid, for first-
class hotel out of town, $23 and $20. MI33
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A COOK for a private family. $30.
A nurse for 3 children, for Oakland. $30.
A nurse for San Rafael. $25.
A second girl for 2 in family. $30.
20 housework girls for city and country. $«0.
$25 and $20.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter »t.,nr. Powell.
NURSE. $25: 2 cocks. $35 each; house girl.
Oakland $25: 9 housework girls, city. $25.
$30: 2d girl. $25; house girl. St. Helena, $30;
cock, institution. Oakland. $C0- MRS. NOR-
TON. SOS Mason st. ¦
X WANTEI> — Girls to learn halnJressing.
manicuring etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those catering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now fo*
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled lm-
- mediately. Parlors. 143 Stockton st., r. Ml
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions: only
recognized college of its kind on coaat: day
and evening classes; all parlor worlc at re-
duced prices. 123 Powell st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutee, 6 p. m. Wednesday ; salary no object.
GIRL for housework and cooking. 2423 Fi'.l-
more st. -
WANTED — A girl to assist light housework.
Call IOCS Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED waitress for small restaurant
half day Sundays. 2535 Market, near 16ti».
WASTED — Every wife in town to ask her
tusband for CHICLETS.
WANTED — Youn< woman who is a thorough-
ly experienced cashier. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young woman who is thoroughly
experienced dry goods bundle wrapper. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. App!y
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE EROS.'
PRACTICAL millinery school: estab. IS years;
full course $10; this offer good for this week;
only; positions secured. 8l« O'Farrell st.
LADIES — Earn $20 per 100 writing 1 short let-
ters. Send stamped envelope for particulars.
Ideal Mfg. Co., Casscpolls. Mich.
BY business house, a woman free from, horn*
cares; no bookkeeping or stenography. Box
241. Call office.
LADIES — Earn ?2r> per 10O writing short let-
ters; send stamped envelop*. Best Mfg.
Co., Valparaiso, Ind.
FIRST-CLASS milliner; makes over old ma-
terials; new furnished reasonable. 816
O'Farrell st.
LADIES for steady home employment: $S and
$12 weekly. Emma, Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket st.. room 618.
A PRACTICAL, sensible woman can find busi-
ness opportunity. Box 240, C*ll office.
A — WANTED- Operators on ladies' underwear.
656 Mission st., third floor.-
A — WANTED — Operators on ladies' waists. 636
Mission St., third floor.
EXPERIENCED shirtmaker for the position
of forewoman. Address box 1S83, C»JL
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; ref. required: wages $20. 181S Pine st.
GIRL for housework; must be good plain cook
2963 California at.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 33 Geary
St.. room 33.
GIRL to do light housework; sleep home. 115
Fell st.
TAILORES3 on custom coats; steady work.
1125 Market St.. bet. Tth and 8th.
PROOFREADER — Girl who can read proof and
set type. Box 143, Call office.
HELP WAirraP — MAILE.
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU
806 Market St.. room 325. fifth floor.
Office hours. 9 a; m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $23 week
Stenographer : $15 w =,,' t
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 w»ek
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $13 week
Timekeeper $13 weefc
Accountant $15 to $23 w-><>ic
Collector .' $15 week
Floor manager t .$!& week
Two shipping clerks $15. week
General office work $15 week
Clerk, city or country .v. .$15 week
Young man learn dentistry $10 week
8C0 Market St., room 323,, fifth floor.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
51 Third, st., rooms 9-10.
Card writer an<1 window trimmer, $100.
2 helpers, warehouse, $50 to $70.
Strong boy. $7 50 to start.
Buyer, veiling, handkerchiefs, etc., |123.
Picture and picture frame salesman, good
pay. - ,
15 boys, salary $1 to $6 a week to start.
Porter, city, $23. room and board.
Many other positions. Call at office.
AT HORD & SMITH'S. '
Contractors' Agents. , 9S Third st.
Man for dye house, experienced, $15 to $20.
Amadcr County, teamsters; $2.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, big Inducements.
Man to handle nerve medicine. $1 and com*
mission.
A YOUNG man to assist In the cam of a
mental case; must bring references and
have had little experience: wages $33 board
and room. Call after 9 Monday morning at
MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
YOUNG MAN. 21 to 2i GOOD ETJUCATloS
NEAT APPEARANCE IMPERATIVE, FEW
DAYS' HARD WORK: GOOD P\y NO
MANUAL LABOR. ROCil 612 GRANT
BLDG.; CALL EARLY. - \
WANTED — One or two men to learn a good
trade: steady work: paid while learning-
must have ?23 security. Call at «18 Mer-
chant st.. bet. Kearny and Montgomery,
WANTED— A barber. 202 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Every Dentist In towij to try
CHICLETS for hlmaelf.
¦ —^ —^— ¦ — — — — — — — — __^___
WANTED — Yoorsfj man with $100 for good
payin? legitimate business. Box ISOrt, Ca!l.
FOH sale — On?-rhalr barber shop. 236 East
St.; best location ca front.
, FOR sale — Two-chair shop: old stand; good lo-
cation; good business. 1547 Mission st.
¦ FINE two-chair barber shop for sate. Iaauir*
I C A. TROST. SOS Mason at.
His bargain 'or some one; 6-room fiat elc-
BUSINESS JCHANCE3.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
etore. with 3 cicely furnished rooms;, rent
$16: a good paying business. See K. . G.
WILKE. Stffr Kearny Et.
A — $750; SALOON with exlegant fixtures; large
stock; full value $1500; will be sacrificed It
J sold in 3 days. Call at R. G. WILKE' S.
26 )j Kearny st.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living rms.; rent $15;
no opposition; very best location; about 8
miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearn*- St.
A S12OO COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
OFarrell St.; close to 4 theaters; value in
sight; good business. See R. G. WILKE,
26 fr Kearny fet. ,
A $600 ROADHOUSE; 5 years' lease; rent
$20; best location on Colrr.a road. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 & Kearny st.
A J1650 CORNER grocery and bar, with flat
of 6 rooms; rent $60; 5 years' lease; good
paying business; best location; Western Ad-
dltlon. See R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny el
A $S500 HARDWARE store, corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best:
value in sight; owner to retire to private
life; a eplendld chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
20^ Kearny at. ,
A $1500 GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 % Kearny.
A— $3250; HALF interest in manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with Invoice; the price a rare and
good oner. Call on R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
In Etockton: rent $53; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny et. ¦-''"
A— $S00; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen: rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts afeout $16 per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2U% Kearny et.
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See P.. G.
WILKE. 1:6 % Kearny st.
A — $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk et.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to eettle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night cr Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell st.: 2% years' lease; must be
Bold at once; owner to leave city for the
Eaet. See R^G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
KESTACRAxAnd cafe close to Market and
Powell sts.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business; best class of
patronage; owner engaged in other busi-
ness; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A — $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 6 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value in tight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1206; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 2B% Kearny st.
A — f2W0; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block irom Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-claas business;
about $7« per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900— CORNER saloon, with cigar 6tand.
en Fourth St., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — J15C0 — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. K. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $6500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
»cuth of Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
year*: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE, 28% Kearny st.
A— J2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with nrst-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across th« bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $760; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
dally receipts about $20; best location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom 1S46.
$1-5 — PARTNER for well paying restaurant;
will clear you $75 mo. See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT on busy street, near Market:
Beats 26: small place doing big busines; rent
$15; sacrifice for ?150. See BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who Is desirous of associat-
ing with a reliable and Industrious person
(lady or gentleman) who can Invest $350 and
cervices, and to same will be offered an in-
terest in business clearing from $150 to $300
monthly: references exchanged. Particulars
with BROOKBANK.
LAUNDRY route; established 14 years; guar-
anteed to clear SICK) and over monthly and
you can verify this by looking over the books
of one of the best laundries in city who does
his work; rrice $500; owner leaving city
causes this sacrifice; . trial given. See
BROOKBANK. >
SALOONS from $500 up to $7000.
Groceries from $500 ud to $4000.
Restaurant: fine location; $900.
Branch bakeries, coffee houses, city and
country hotels, merchandise stores, road
houses.
• Lodging-houses from 7 to 200 rooms.
For tale and exchange. 383 acres in Santa
Clara County for a saloon. Oakland houses,
for iodging-houses. EITEL & CARROLL.
212 Kearoy St.; tel. Red 6C92.
fin"e opportunities.
If you wIeJi to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do net fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to 6ell. ¦
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
1312 Market St.,
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
1 .
SOMETHING doing — something doing.
Look at the bargains and catch one.
Saloon; elegantly fitted up: a snap $1250
Small grocery end branoh bakery, cheap.$300
Notion store; good street; a bargain $275
24-room lodging-house, $100 over exp..$1800
0-room lodging-house; $13 over expense*. $250
Union Business Exchange. 9'J3 Market St.;
phone Folsom 3022.
$lfiOO BUSINESS and premises of a grocery
end notion store on the Fan Leandro road
for eale: lot 60x108; 1-story building; 3 liv-
ing rooms and storeroom in good condition;
good business for woman. ELROD & HULL,
1209 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000 GROCERY and home bakery on Grove
et., Oakland; 3-year lease on building or
premises may be bought if desired; receipts
amount to over $10O a weex and may ba
increased ; caeh nr trade for real estate;
tlcknefs cause of selling. We vouch for
thl*. ELROD & HULL, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland.^
FOR rent — In new modern 6tore, a hat and
gents' furnishing goods dept.; all ready for
stock; best location In city; mu£t be good
responsible, people. Address 1071 Broadway,
Oakland. ¦'-¦'-.-¦¦
$250 — GOOD chance for active man in estab-
lished caeh business, suitable for a man
willing to do plain light work and be satis-
fled with $76 mo.; no previous experience re-
quired. Commercial Invest. Co.. C32 Market.
FOR sale^ — Notion, toy and candy store doing
good business: fine cigar trade: rent $15. in-
cloding living rooms; long lease. HAWKS
& MEimTEKS, corner Seventh and Railroad
ave., Alameda. •
J2000 — WELL paying saloon; receipt* $30 per
day; 4 living-rooms; rent $25. For particu-
lars Inquire cigar factory, 618 Merchant
St., upstairs, bet. K*arny and Montgomery.
HIGH-SALARIED New York leading man
wants backer with $1000 for traveling com-
pany; can show weekly profit over $200.
Address ACTOK. box 265, Call office.
$200 — PARTNER; chance for right man; gro-
cery; will sell at invoice price; saloons and
restaurants at all prices. . 11ERG & POPP,
31S Kearer st
FOR sale — At sacrifice, 4-chalr, 10c barber
shop, at once. S27 Sacramento et.
CANDY store or half interest in good paying
factory. Inquire lfc-10 Market st.
BUSINESS CHA1TCES— Continued.
A — CAMERON & CO. — ! South 105D.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — First-class baraar; located in thriv-
ing location, city; fine plate-glass windows;
store fixtures; large stock; long lease; cheap
rent; doing good business; clearing $150 to
5200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; sick-
ness; snap; price $3500. . _ .
FOR sale — Delicatessen and branch bakery;
flr,e corner, new building and fixtures: rent
only $32 50: sales $35 to $50 per day; long
lease: fine opportunity to get good business
for ?12.V).
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., » Eddy st. )
FOR sale — One of the best hay, Jtrain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in S.
F. : cheap rent; horses and wagons, all equip-
ments; present owner has made a fortune
and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to ?S00 per month; trial given if
desired; part down. CAMERON, & CO..
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; * horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR sale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 69 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease r'newly painted and renovated through-
out ; about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town: nresent owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as clear stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chndise. county hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and Inspect
our list. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
NORTON & CO..
LEADING BUSINESS AGENTS,
1104 Market St., Phone Jessie 4471.
Offer the Following Bargains :
BARBER shop, elegantly fitted up; fixtures
cost over $1000; 0 chairs; near Market;
owner going East; $700. NORTON & CO.
FOR sale — Old established clothing business In
on* of the most progressive towns in South-
ern California. For full particulars call at
318 Front st., room 4, 9 to 11 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS cigar store, up-to-date and well
located; is now clearing $3 to $10 per day;
if taken at once, $2000; obliged to leave the
city; snap for some one.
RETAIL candy and icecream parlors; nicely
fitted ud; lease: clears $150 monthly; if you
want a good proposition see this quick.
NORTON & CO.
OLD established book and stationery store;
same owner 22 years: guaranteed to clear
$125 monthly; stock In sight: a gilt-edged
proposition for $1000. NORTON & CO.
GROCERY and bar, north of Market; fine cor-
ner: owner going East;* want offer. NOR-
TON & CO.
GROCERY, delicatessen, home bakery, cigars
and tobacco: rood location; on Sixth st. ;
good trade; cheap rent; price $700. NORTON
& CO. • v
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in light mechani-
cal business; no previous experience required;
$15 to $35 a week each. 47 Geary st., r. 2.
HOTEL and bar; clears $300 per month; part-
ners can't agree. See H. C. DECKER, Hotel
Broker, 906 Market st.
$500 — PARTNER; chance to make big money:
want live man. BERG & POPP. 318
Kearnv st.
$10,000 — GROCERY and feed business in good
country town for sale; partner in poor health.
Box 310, Call.
FOR sale — Small dairy, five cows; over forty
customers. Address Five-Mile House, San ;
Bruno road.
CIGAR stand; good paying; stock invoices
$450; price $300; call immediately. 1442
Market st. • •».
FOR sale — $2000; livery stable, opposite depot;
good business stand. Inquire at Landgraff's
Villa. Mill Valley, Marin Co.. Cal.
$1200 — FOR sale; sodawater bottling plant.
Address 820 Wood st., Oakland, Cal.
DELICATESSEN lunch room, 3 living rooms,
large stock, good business. 407% Van Ness.
EXPRESS route for sale: value in sight. Ad-
dress box 1S20, Call office.
MAN with $75 as partner in good paying busi-
ness. 311 Turk st. Call bet. 9 and 12 a, m.
$600— DELICATESSEN store in Hayes Valley
for sale. Box 4607. Call office. .
DELICATESSEN for sale; good trade: In good
business locality; price $1250. Box 4706, Call.
BUTCHER? — Good business near San Francis-
co. Inquire JOSEPH STRAUB, 030 Market.
FOR sale — $2650: saloon; good location; no
agent. Apply box 2S1, Call office.
REAL estate office for eale — M. R. CAREY,
473-474 Parrott bldg., over Emporium.
FOR sale — Half interest "In good restaurant;
best location; bargain. 1727 Market St. ¦ ¦
A MAN wants lady partner in rooming-house;
small capital. 610 Geary st.
GOOD paying saloon on Third st. (lease);
must be sold. Call 645 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Saloon. 200 Ninth stTi inquire
from 10 to 2.
ROUTE 12. San Francleco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call tor the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened' ht 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 x>. m. ¦ •
'. *»
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Bt., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
We have a 9-room flat, new ¦ modern build-
Ing sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 50
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattressca
coet $35 each; new S months; actual cost to
furnish, $5C00; must go East and will take
$2700; l /i cash, balance 6 per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right into an ele-
-ant home.
An ftp-to-date downtown house; rent only
$5 50 per room: all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator; has 108 rooms,
well furnished throughout: now clearing
$3&0 to $150 per month; make offer; owner
' must leave city; only with us.
16 rooms; rent $f>. r >: good furniture and car-
pets; always full: must pell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. ,.
What do you think: 31-room apartment-
house; rent only $130; where you can clear
$95 tier month; no work; this you can get
for $1100; wife at hospital.
Fine little house of 22 rooms; rent only $110*;
well furnished; mostly all new carpets; good
location; always full; good buy; $1300.
Have new, modern 82-room house; rent $375;
electric lights; elevator; corner: everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange foe im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose;
value $7000 to $10,000.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $100.
Model apartment house. 2 and 3 rooms each;
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished: . 5-year
lease; there are 90 rooms: everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
¦sickness.
7-room modem flatj close in; well furnished;
cost $G00; a bargain if sold at once; $250.
65,rooms; best downtown commercial house in
'city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition: will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property or
ranch in California; must leave city.
45 rooms; rent only $125: flret-class location;
well furnished and good running order;
clearing now over^ $200 per month; always
full; best buy in city; account of sick-
ness; price $4600.
Splendid 42-room apartment house /on fine cor-
ner; rent only $3 75 per room; 5 years' lease;
clearing nice little Income; will take 15 to 20
room house as part payment.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In fine
block on Post st. ; full nicest kind ' of room-
ers', new and modern throughout; brings In
nice Income; furniture in oak, blrdseye
maple; velvet and axmln6ter carpets; cost
$1800 -to furnish six months ago: cbliged to
leave city; big bargain; $1200.
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central; good fur-
• ntture and carpets: clears. $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
160 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease: paying $500 to $600
per month: close In: full of nice people; bar.
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership
YOU KNOW WHOn TO TELL YOU P TROUBLES TO »
CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnnod.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium: »perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your, life correctly,
given aa accurate description of the past, re-
veals thel present happenings and portrays
events to'occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be tcld how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25<r up; satisfaction
• guaranteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4560
MME. LANGE, the only one who can help you
In your greatest troubles; genuine gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader;
. convince yourself of her sKlll; 25c and up;
shows th6 picture of future husband or wife.
08 Turk st.. near Taylor; hours, from 10 to
S, and Sundays.
IEMAR. Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market «t., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South .1141.
MME. PORTER clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm- -
Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
Mrs.A.H.Krcnenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me; readings 23c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.; tel. Larkln 4207.
MME MARSEAU, card reader; ladies 25c;
gents 50c; hours 12 to 8. 545 Minna st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, in now at 317 Ellis st.
SPHtlTTTAIiISM.^
A — DON'T fall to see Mrs. Dr. Gordon, the
wonder of the age. 132 Sixth et.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
PROF. GEE. medium and heater; reac'ings
¦ daily; circle every night; 10c. 1206 Market Rt.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phon« Scott S87.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. COS Larkln,
room 40; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings, 75c; ellver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.2O4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'FarrelL
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, |2 up;fllllngs,25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
DBiSSaiAKEBS AWB SEAMSTKESSE3.
MRS. T. CLUNE «f New York opens dress-
making parlors at 2170 Post, opp. Hamilton
Square; prices reas.; S. T. Taylor system.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art'; button and buttonhole factory. HO Taytr
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
|T>0; positions secured: day, eve. 723 Market.'
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
47 LESSONS Pitman shorthand and hold ''any
position, guaranteed: CO, court reporting:
"single-page method" ; bookkeeping. West-
ern Business College, 12S1 Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 2!
Post st.. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 733 Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
471esscnsPitman shorthand and hold any position;
guar. ;C0 court repcrting;"single-paRe method"
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 12.81 Market.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m.. 333
i Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A — METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert, 217 Parrott building..
PIANO lessons by experienced teacher; 50c an
hour. Box 1777. Call office.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 823 Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
Individual instruct.; all branches; day, ev*.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthend. typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mail and per-
. sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montsom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
P ARLINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANISH, French. etc Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post: est. 1871 :ablest profs.'
EHFLOmranT OTPICES. f§
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell »t.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlne«e Emp. Office.' 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush S59.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell; tel. Esjt 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S3.
CHINESE an4 Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY jt CO.. 040 Clay.
EKPLOYMEITT WAKTEI)- -TEMALE.
A YOUNG Irish Eirl, good cook, wants house-
work in a umall family; references; is youiw?
and capable. Call at MISS PLUN'KETT S.
425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A GERMAN cook wants a place in a German
family at ?35 a month; city references: (s
younsr and stronsr. Call or ad'lres.? MISS
PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
YOUNG lady stenographer, city references, 3}j
years' experience in mercantile and ether .
work, operate any kind of machine; salary
no less than $40 mo. Address box 1S70. Call.
STENOGRAPHER, young lady, few months'
• experience, but exceptionally Jfast for a be-
ginner, wants position; salary no object. Box
18P4, (.Tall office.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes position as
housekeeper or cook for men; city or country.
Call 369 First st., cor. Harrison, bet. 2 and 5.
AN honorable woman wants work of any kind
by the day or place of trust. 462V& Te-
. hama st. . ' ,
A/ COMPETENT woman wants situation to do
general ¦ housework and cooktng. Call 31
Van Ness ave. • • '
A LADY- haying several years' experience
I would like a position as manager in a hotel
I or large private house; city or country;
I satisfactory references given. Address box
I 1873. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes few nice families
by day ;, chamber work, washing or cleaning.
' 4SS Geary St., phone Brown 32.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to care for In-
valid, or will act as companion to lady; best
refs. Box -.177. Call.
WANTED — A few more nursing places by &
competent nurse. Apply 85(5 Folsom st.
YOUNG woman' for general housework in small
family; wages. $20. Box 1781, Call.
A NEAT, . reliable woman wants work by 1 the
day; good references. Box 18Srt, Call office.
A COLORED woman wishes work,! washing,
- ironing or cooking. 2332 Greenwich Bt. ;•
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
.Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT adu and ' subscriptions taken -. for . The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 033 McAllister st.• ; ¦ >
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2S, 1904.
9
MONEY TOLOAN.
—MANHATTAN*' WAN "cOMPANT "(Inc.) —
CANT AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST !>>£ AND tt PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-".
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty leans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker .bids. ; phone Main C924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, >
eOl-602-003 Examiner building. 1
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgagee, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
_See HERMAN MURPHY. ?
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc. •
' Box 223. Call office.
A— TIlE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per mouth; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, -453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. UECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent, interest Baldwin Jewelry Store,
600 Market; tW. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardihe-houses, without
security: easy payments: large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel' mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton .st..
near Market.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security ; diamonds or chattels- no fee; no
. com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity: $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; *gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable interest. A. O. Colton. 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Ptfrlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California St., rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALT. loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & plane*; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned palarled people en notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
LOAN wanted; $050 for sixty days; bonus of
flCK) paid; good Cripple Creek mining stocks
as security. Box 19S3, Call office.
arasiCAi, xnstbttments.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS
A jsm:Ul upright, good order.... 1 $55
One a little better, a snap J05
£to<1art, mahogany case, fine condition. .$135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $l(j0
Bechstein, a high-grade German instru-
ment $170
Also a Chickering, Vose, Stelnway, Weber,
Mason & Hamlln, Sterling and many others.
Kusy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16
O'FarreU et
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 66d Hayes st.
HALLET & DAVIS piano for sale cheap; also
large French plate mirror. 332 Third ave.,
"Richmond district; Sutter or Geary cars.
FINn Seteck upright piano, $200; on account
of sickness. 1010 Golden Gate ave.
. 4-
6QCARE grand piano, fine tone, $50. 1223
Filbert st.
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House, 216 McAllister Et.
ELEGANT uprlghtB.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Pierce's Piano Factory, Market & 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 306-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos tsold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Ehoninger. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STOBES TO LET.
SMALL office, g Sixth st
PERSONALS.
A WORD TO THE LADIES.
Call and investigate MMBJ. OILLING-
HAM'S wonderful work of art; two ladles
can be seen (one aged 72 years) at her office
daily. Why go through life with a wrinkled,
sallow, sunken and flabby face when a sci-
entific treatment can change you to youth
and beauty T Mme. <; Ming ham stands at the
head of her profession; she has no equal.
Call and be convinced.
Office. 14? Stockton St., corner O«ary.
A — A GREAT reduction for this month only;
it is between seasons; a special reduced rate
on prices made from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1 for
wrinkles, bagglnees, plttlngs and freckles;
from this date I will be In my office from
10 to 5 daily; will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS. Beautyder-
rr.iet. 128 Geary st.
ALL bills contracted before the 1st of Dec. at
the Elyalum Restaurant. 570 Geary st.. city,
must b« collected by that date, as we will
not be responsible for any bills after the
above date.
C. D. ANTUNICICH & CO.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers* ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatlsm.paralysls. neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, ¦ 40 Turk et.. 8. F.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office, 320 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary' ft. MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic •
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
I WILL not b« responsible for any debts in-
curred by my wife after Nov. 1, 1004.
WALTER J. KEI»U
FANCT and «ilk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 FlUmore st. ; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London !
i Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down snd «1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post st., near Powell.
DETECTIVE— Private detective; all classes le-
gitimate work promptly attended to. HARRY.
ROGERS. 816 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2634.
DOCTOR — The greatest Surgeons in the Eust
are using CHICLETS. Why not you?
H. ANDERSON. 26 O'Farrell St.— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
1 SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 72D Market st.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. .Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS 1127
Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC llpht bathe; hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary et. • ¦
WANTETJ — Worklngmen to get their winter
- underwear at P. FSLIZ'S. S52. Third st.
ELEGANT suits to.ordei\ extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850. Market.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.SOO Butter. Miss Eaton, £33 Geary, r.3S.
TAILOR-MADB etilt $7 80; drees pants $2 CO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.' 1015 Van Ne*» ave. —
Till* flrFt-cIase Jiotcl. now being conducted on
American plan, esj t'cially for families for the
mikii or year. Location is unsurpassed. Ti~.e
equipments are all modern, with every iia-
venicnoe. Tfce rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable: miperb view; furnishings nre all
«>cant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, mana£<»r, formerly of Hotel Laugham,
N. V.. ard :i.a:.u Hotel, Honolulu.
gotrsE-ct.EAiTirrQ ornccs.
JAPANESE hoasecKanlng- rompar.y and »hoe-
mak^r. CIS Gough st. : phone Howard 3583. '
ZNSTAIiI>aiEKT BUILDING.
BdUftKQ 0OXSTRUCT1ON COMPANY.
Installment hom^s. 512 Callaghan builillnc,
will t-r, ir.: on your property or buy ycu a lot;
frS a month pays principal and interest on
rarh $1000 of balance due, making your in-
stallments I<;es than rent; send for circular
Iirv ' E j_E I _ E J?[jE!?!: -_~_
; RARE . bargains— 100 American Maroonis, $4,
1000 Rhoderifk Dhu, 2Se; all other stock on
rimilar terms. E. COWPER-THWAJTE-.
Ptockton. Cal.
lost Ainsjpovzrs,
LOST— From yard, 620 Second st_, 2 geese;
S-0 for any information given. A. W. MIL-
LER.
LOST — At Third and Townsend Depot, a
handbas in ladles' dressing-room. Return
to M4 Broadway and receive $10 reward.
LOST— On Monday evening, ladies' open-faced
sold watch and pin; monogram on back. M.
E. li. Return C36 Howard, receive reward.
LOST — All chance for seasickness by the per-
son who chews CHICLETS.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, with fob, vicinity
Post and Kearny: reward. 2614 Sacramento.
LOST — PtocU of a .No. 12 Remington shotgun;
suitable reward at K>3 Geary st.
IJ> .TOCHES r OB HIKE.
C. A. MeNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business: tel. Bush 534.
!j& MATTKESSES^ A1TP PILLOWS.
TO order ; .renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard &t. : phone South 218.
___^ MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any nilmer.t Decullar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has rut him at the head. Ha guaran-
tees rel.ef or no lay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 1SS4 in S. F.; 2« years' experience:
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of
ladies suffering from irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours. 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. m. 650 Market st., second floor.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When In
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; 1 guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1; est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny St.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SM: Market St., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all. female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 yeYirs' experience. 944 Post St.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1013 Market Et.
LADIES Buffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. GWTER, 511A Leavenworth et., be-
tween Geary and. O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
ortclnai method of treatment. 1120 Market.
LADIES — KumrooBS; safe. sure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
: DR. ROSEN, residence 2395 Folsom St., corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MTHES AITP MINING.
EXPERIENCED metallurgical chemist can'
treat mest refractory ores by Improved cyan-
ide process and extract gold from any pul-
verized material; ordinary costs; world-wide
experience; ope-n for engagement. Box 277,
Call office.
_jraSCEI.tANEOUS— FOB SALE.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mat-tic Roof Paint and
Hoofing Cement will stop small leaks. Writs
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
A LONG Isabella bear boa; worth $*V>; accept
$15; also swell white fox stole; very hand-
some. Call 1006 Haight st. Phona Park 389.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, thaftlng, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st_
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRT CO.. 25 Btockton st. .
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert cults. J. COOPER,
21 Btockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TKT our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot -form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 Z<\ St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on email weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 187 Mont-
gomery et.. room 12. upstairs.
112 — HIGH arm, drophead sewing machine;
almcet new. 1015 Mission et., near Fif-
teenth.
NICE fresh family cow; rich milk; gentle; for
sale very reasonable. 3817 Twenty-sixth at.,
near Church.
FINE Victoria; also carriage and double nar-
ness. 1011 Butter st.
A VERT fine diamond sunburst broach; *
bargain; $220. 10 Hixth Et.
ARAIT shoes, $1 55; union overalls 65c; Preal-
dent suspenders. 25c; shirts, 35c. 574 4th st.
NICKEL-IX-SLOT upright Regina; 12 tunes;
ntw; cheap. (117 Commercial st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. QARIN'8. 114 Sutter «t.
ETDVES disconnected and connected: $2 BO;
pluiiibl2ig.gasfitng.4OO McAilliter;tei.Mlnt 3016 j
TCAVEY'S furniture ;>olish removes spot* ani
stains; free delivery. .370 Fell st.
GAS engine*, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 023 Market st.
SAFES and cash regicters, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND«bl<3g. material; lumber, door, «a«h.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1C07 Market.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for eale cheap at 25 Btockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITT LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ROOMS papered. $4 np: tinting, paintln*.
Hnrtmann paint Co.. 3J9 Third: tel. Ma:n 413.
DESKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 607 Mission st. : tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, rale, rental;
i bargains- Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.,
8AFEP— N<jtr and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN* KAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GAgOLlNE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont St.
AAA AAA— Buys ar.y amount good second-hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. U22 Folsom; tel. Folsom 8522/
AAAAA — Highest prices for Indies', Rents' cast-
cfl ciothlng.Tel. Davis S25. C50 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KAKL EliER & CO., room 405, Ad-
ams bldg.. L'Oti Kearny st.; phone Clack 3030.
L«vy & Redler, highest price for cents' caat-ofT
clothlcg. th;x»; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good*. 154 »th mL: tel. Jessie 2016.
UNITED STATES GOVEBJTMENT — Con.
Sections fourteen (14) to twenty-three (23),
both, inclusive, and Sections tweaty-slx (2B>
to thlrty-slx (3C>. both inclusive; Township
six (6) South. Range nineteen (13) East; Town,
ehtp six 16) South. Rang? twenty Cu> East;
Township five (5) South. Range nineteen 1 i:t>
East; Township five (5) South. Range twen-
ty (20) East; In Township ten till) North.
Range eighteen (1£) East, Sections one.(l).
two (2). eltven <U). twelve (12). thirteen
(13). fourteen (14). twenty-three (23). twen-
ty-four (24). twenty-nve (25). twenty-six
(26) and twenty-seven (27); Township nine-
teen (10) North. Raa«;e seven (7) East; Town-
ship twenty <-u> North, Kange seven (•> Eaai;
in Township twenty (2t>) North. Kange eight
is) East. Section* one (1) to thirty -th.-e*
(33), both Inclusive; Township twenty-four
(24) North, Range two (2) East; Township
twenty-four (24) North. Range three («>
East; Township twenty-four (24) North.
Range four (4) East; In Township twenty
(20) North. Range aiuen (15) East. Section*
two (2). rour (4). five (5). six «(J) and eight
(S); in Township twenty t2l» North. Ranica
sixteen (16) East. Sections two (2), three (3>.
eleven (11). thirteen (13) and fourteen (14);
S .of To-wn»hlp twenty-one (21) North,
Range fifteen (15) East; Township twenty-
cne (21) North. Range sixteen (16) East; In
, Township twenty-two (22) North, Range
fourteen (14) East. Sections three (3) to ten
(10). both inclusive, fifteen <15) to twenty-
two (22). both Inclusive, and twenty-seven
(27) to thirty-four (j»). both Inclusive; In
Township twenty-two i22) North. Itange six-
teen (lti) East. Sections one (1) to three (3).
both inclusive, nine tU) to sixteen (16). both
inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
(*8), both inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty- six (36), both inclusive; Township
twenty-two (22) North. Range seventeen (17)
East: Township twenty-two (22) North,
Range eighteen (1S> East; in Townshto
twenty- three (23) North. Range fourteen
(14) East. Sections thirteen (13). twenty-four
, (24). twenty-five (25). twenty-six (2t5>. twen-
ty-seven (27), twenty-eight (28), thirty-two
(32), thirty-three (33). thirty- four (34),
thirty-flve (35) and thirty-six (36): in Town-
ship twenty-three (23) North, Range fifteen
(15) East, Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(IS), both Inclusive: in Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range sixteen (16) East.
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12). thirteen
(13) <»nd fourteen (14); in Township twenty -
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East,
Sections cne (1) to five (5). both inclusive,
and Sections sea-en (7) to thlrty-slx (36).
both inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
North, Range eighteen (IS) East: In Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North. Itange nine (9)
East. Sections ten (10), eleven (11) twelv«
(12). thirteen (13), fourteen (14), fifteen |15).
sixteen (16), twenty-one (21). twenty-two
(22), twenty-three (23> and twenty-four (24);
in Township twenty-four (24) North, Rasgs
seventeen (17) East. Sections one (1) to four
(4), both inclusive. E u of Section ffve (5),
E Vi of Section eight (8), Sections nine (9>
to sixteen (16), both inclusive. Sections twen-
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27), both inclu-
sive, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thlrty-slx (36). both inclusive; Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North. ' Range
eighteen (18) East; In Townanip twenty-
five (25) North. Range sixteen (16) East.
Sections one (1), two (2). three (3). ten (10).
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), twenty-three (23), twenty-rour (24)
and twenty-five (25); Townahlp twenty- fiv»
(25) North. Range seventeen (17) East;
T;wnshlp twenty-flve (25) North. Rangs
eighteen (IS) East; in Township twenty-six
(26) North. Range ten (10) East, Sections
one (1), five (5). six (6). seven (7), eight (8).
nine (9). twelve (12), N H of Section thir-
teen (13). Sections fourteen (t<i), sixtaen
(16). seventeen (17) eighteen (18). Section*
nineteen (19) to twenty-three (23), both in-
clusive. Sections twenty- six (26) to thirty
(307, both inclusive, and Section thirty-nva
(35); in Townehip twenty-six (26) North.
Range fifteen (15) Eaat. Sections one (1).
. two (2). three (3). N % of Section flve (5).
N V% of Section six (6). and Sections eleven
(11) and twelve (12); in Township twenty-
seven (27) North, Range twelve (12) East.
Sections* twenty-three (23) and twenty-four
(24); In Township twenty-seven (27) North,
Range fourteen (14) East, Sections eight (8>,
nine (9). fifteen (15). sixteen (16). twenty -
two (22), twenty-three (23). twenty-four
(24), twenty-flve (25). twenty-alx (26), thirty-
five (35) and thlrty-slx (36); Township twen-
- ty-eight (2S) North. Range nine (9) East:
in Township twenty-eight (28> North. Ranga
thirteen (13) East. Sections twenty-four (24)
and twenty-flve (25): in Township thirty-
four (34) North, Range ten (10) West, Sec
tlons seven (7), eight (8), nine (9), sixteen
(16). seventeen (17), eighteen (IS), nine-
teen (19). twenty (20), twenty-ono (21).
twenty-eight (23), twenty-nine (29), thirty
(30). thirty-one (31). thirty-two (32) and
thirty-three <33); in Township thirty-four
(34) North. Ranga seven (7) West, Sections
twenty-flve (25), thirty-flve (35) and thirty-
six (36); Township thirty-four (34) North.
Range six (6) West; Township thirty-four
(34) North, Range flve (5) West: N % of
Township thirty-four (34) North. Rangs four
(4) West; Townehip thirty-flve (35) North.
Kange five (5) West: Townahlp thirtr-flv*
(35) North, Range four (4) West; Township
' thirty-flve (35) North. Range three (3) West:
Township thirty-five (35) North, Range two
(2) West: W y» of TownsHip thirty-flve (35>
North, Range one (I) West; 8 Vj o( Township
thirty-six (36) North. Range four (4) West;
Townahlp thirty-six (38) North, Range three (3>
West; Township thlrty-slx (3«) North. Rangs
four (4) East; Township thirty-seven (37)
North. Range four (4) Eaet; Township thirty-
nine (39) North. Range three (3) Weal;
Township thirty-nine ((39) North. Rangs two
(2) West; in Township forty (40) North,
Range eight (8) West, Sections two (2), thre»
(3) ten (10) and fifteen (15); tn Township
forty-one (41) North, Range eight (8> West.
Sections one (1). two (2), three (3>. ten (10).
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
teen (14). fifteen (13), twenty-two (22), twen-
ty-three (23), twenty-four (24) tw»nty-flv»
(25), twenty-six (26). twenty-seven (27).
thirty- four (34) and thirty-flve (33): in
Township forty-one (41) North, Range seven
(7) West. Sections two (2). three (3). four
(4); five (5). six (6). seven (7). eight (S).
nine (9) ten (10), sixteen (16). seventeen (17).
eighteen (IS), nineteen (10) and twenty (20);
all of Mount Diablo Meridian, California.
W. A. RICIIAKDS, Commissioner.
Approved: THOS. RTAN, Acting ' Secretary
of the Interior.
BOOMS FOR HOUSXEEPrSCK
BRTANT, 421 — 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished
.for housekeeping; gas.
BUSH. 855— Large handsome parlors, kltchea
fur. complete; rent low; nr. business eenter.
DEVI9ADERO, 1619 — 2 large rooms and bath;
large yard; dressmaking trade established;
cheap rent: apply after Sunday.
EDDT and Polk* st«.. Gladstone— Sunny
nousekeeping apartments; 1, 2 or 3 rooms;
electric lights; hot water; central.
EDDT. 70S — Two runny houffskaepm* rooms.
ELLIS. COS — 2 large parlors for housekeeping;
gas range; running water; also other rooms.
FIFTH, 353 — 3 housekeeping rooms; also 2;
one single room.
FOURTEENTH. 728 — Front parlor and kltohen:
nicely furniahed; bath and gas; handy to cars.
GEART. 1225 — Fine, sunny, bay-window suite:
all conveniences; location the best; marin«
view; terms reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 8S7— Newly furnished rooms:
hot and cold water; gaa range; bath.
HOWARD, 1588 — Housekeeping rooms, with gaa
range; bath; phone; also single room.
HOWARD. 1703 — 2 fur. housekeeping rooms:
running water; gaa range; "bath, etc
HAIQHT, 138 — Bunny bay-window alcove room,
grate and large kitchen gaa range. %<l week.
JESSIE, 323 — Largo front sunny parlor; ga*
range; sink; |3 to $3 75 a week. ;
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. ioc.
KEARNT. 104 — Unfur. bay-window front suit*
and kitchen. $20; sunny; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted: free baths: rates reasonable.
MISSION 1723— Sunny housekeeping room:
also large front room, bath and laundry;
very reasonable.
OAK. 117 — Completa for housekeeping. $3 t»
$12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
POST, 962 — Sunny front rooms, $5. $8. $8, $10
month; modem: gas. bath, phone.
SEVENTEENTH. 822&— Three large housekeep-
ing rooms; cook store, bath. sink, station-
ary tubs; $12 50.
THIRD, S2f> — Housekeeping rooms to rent;
cheap to steady folks; all ccnvnlenca*.
VAN NES5 ave.. 3nlJ> — Upper floor, unfur-
nished: every convenience: adults: $13.
APABTMEWT^ HOUSES.
¦'¦"•' -"¦?¦ "toe EVERETT
Modern apartments. 8".» Fell st. Finest equip-
ped 4 and 5 room apartments (furnished or
unfurnished) in city; grand view command-
ing bay and entire city: prices (furnished)
from $43 up. Phone Page 61S8.
BOOMS TO LET— rum, and TJnfnrn.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lana— New
brick building; all sunny rocrr.s; ho: and col !
water; electric lights: enly first-class housa
in locality; rooms SI SO weak and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth St. — Rooms
25c to $1 per nizht. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open All nlxM.
Continued on Pace Ten.
BEAI. ESTATE— COTTHTBT—ror Sal*.
$27,000—210 ACRES. 2 MILES FROM ST.
Helena: most highly improved land; 64 acres,
resistant, full bearing vineyard; homes fine
modern buildings (complete like city hemes).
with gas plant, hot and cold running water;
telephone; splendid under ground sewer sys-
tem; latest patent plumbing, etc.. with fine
redwood park and valuable water rights.
This ii one of the most complete country
homes in California. Fof particulars call at
1115 Broadway, Oakland, room 16, to owner,
DR. R. E. BAU3KE.
SAB MATIO BBAL ESTATB.
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electric
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts. ;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond wher«
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-off" will join
the main line; 50- foot lots from $400 up.
terms from $10 to $50 down and balance at
rate of $10 a month; sewer and water pipes
in front of every lot; pure artesian well
water; over one-half lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
In this desirable section; take the electric
cars and get off at "LOMITA PARK" and
Investigate; maps sent on- application.
SELBY RODGERS & CO.,
116 California st.; Tel. Main 673.
BEAimmTOEICTASOBL
160 ACRES of good level land In Lake County,
near Kelseyville, to exchange for Oakland.
Berkeley or Alameda property. P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO.. 466 Fifteenth St., Oakland, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVEBT ? S ? M ? T8
Alt AMED A REAL ESTATB.__ s
"WHO wants a beautiful and completa new 6-
room cottage, worth $4000; now for sale for
$5250: let 50x108: location flrst class. Owner.
1243 Park St., Alameda; terms $500 cash.
ALAMEDA FI>ATB TO LET.
TO let — $10; Alameda; sunny. 5 rooms, bath;
near. High st. station. 3250 Encinal art.
BEBKELEY ADVEKPS'NTS
BEBKELEY SEAL ESTATE.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware it., Berkeley; 8
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. -(Inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St..
Oakland.
BRAND new house, 7 fine rooms; modern; np
to date; finished in finest kind redwood ;- lot
48x120: this Is bargain of lifetime; owner
compelled to sell; original cost $3500; owner
sr*»nt £200 more; can be bought for $2250;
open for inspection all the time; come soon.
• 1234 Versailles ave., near Encinal.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
TO lease — An ideal country home; house of 12
rooms; every convenience; near car* and
university; best location; forty-five minutes
from Ban Francisco; owner going East, Ad-
dress T. S. B., Berkeley P. O., Cal.
BEBKELEY BOOMS AND BOARD.
WILSON'S Inn, 2144 University ave.; a fine,
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON. <
OAKLAND ADVEKTS'MTa
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
. OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
WE hav e clients looking for investments in
Oakland property. If you have either houses
or lots for sale call at our office or mall us
full description and price.
C. E. REED.
46S Eleventh st.. Oakland.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home in Piedmont;
fine neighborhood; good location; near car
line: will sell cheap; must be seen to be ap-
predated.* Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th st.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oakland
STATES GOVERNMENT.
NOTICE of Restoration of Public Lands to
Settlement and Entry— Department of the
Interior, General Land Office, Washing-
ton. D. C, October 7, 1904: Notice is here-
by given that, on September 20, 1904, the
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the public lands In the following
described areas, which were temporarily
withdrawn for forest reserve purposes; and
that the said public lands eo restored to set-
tlement on September 20, 1904. will become
subject to entry, filing and selection at the
respective United States Land Offices tor
the several Land Districts in which tha
lands lie, viz. : VUalla. Stockton, tSacra-
mento, Maxyaviile, Susanville and Redding,
California, on January 31. 1905: Township
twenty-eight (2S) South. Range twenty-eight
(28) East; Township twenty-eight (28)
South, Range twenty-nine* (29) East; Town-
ship twenty-seven (27) South. Range twen-
ty-eight (28) East; Township twenty-seven
(27) South, Range twenty- nine C-"J) East;
Township twenty-six 126) South, Range
twenty-nine t29) East; Township twen-
ty - six (26) South. Ranga thirty (30)
East; Township twenty-five (25) South.
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
ship twenty-five (25) South. Rang* thirty
(30) East; Township twenty-four (24) South,
Range twenty-nine «(29) East; Townehip
twenty-four (24) South. Range thirty (30)
East; Township twenty-three (23) South,
Range twenty-nine <29) East; Township
twenty- two (22) South, Range twenty-
nine (28) Eaat; Township twenty-one (21)
South. Range twenty-nine (29) Eaet; Town-
ship twenty (20) South, Range twenty-eight
(2S) East; Township twenty (20) South, Range
twenty-nine (29) East; Township nineteen
(19) South, Range twenty-eight (23) East.
Township nineteen (19) South, Range twen-
ty-nine (29) East; Township eighteen (IS)
Eouth. Range twenty-eight (28) East; Town-
ship eighteen (18) South. Range twen-
ty-nine" (29) East; Township . seventeen
(17) South. Range twenty-eeven (27)
Bast; Township seventeen (17) South. Range
twenty-eight (28) East; Township •even-
teen (17) South. Rang* twenty-nine (28)
East; Township sixteen (16) South, Ranga
twenty-six (2t>) East: Township sixteen (lti)
South Range twenty-seven (27) East; in
Township sixteen (lti) South. Range twenty-
eight (28) East, Sections four (4), five (5),
six (6), seven (7) eight (8), nine (9), and
Sections fifteen (15) to thirty- six (3ti), both
inclusive; Township fifteen (15) South,
Range twenty-six (26) East; Township fif-
teen (15) South, Range twenty-seven (27)
East; in Township fifteen (15) South, Range
twenty-elghb (28) East. Sections three (3)
to nine (9), both Inclusive, sixteen (IS) to
twenty-one (21). both inclusive, and twenty-
eight (2S) to thirty-three (33). both Inclu-
sive; Township fourteen (14) South. Range
"twenty-five (25) . East; Township fourteen
(14) South. Range twenty-six (26) East;
Townehip fourteen (14) South, Range
twenty-seven (27) East; Township thir-
teen (13) South, Range twenty - four
(24) East; Township thirteen (13) South.
Range twenty-ttve (25) Eaat; in Township
"¦ thirteen (13) South. Range twenty-six (26)
East, west half of Section four (4). Sections
five (5). six (6), seven (7), eight (S). NW *i
of Section nine (0). Sections seventeen (17).
eighteen (18). nineteen (19), twenty (20). and
Sections twenty-nve (25) to thlrty-sU CltS).
both Inclusive; Township twelve (12) South,
Ranga twenty- four (24) Eaat; In Township
twelve (12) South, Range twenty-five (23)
East. Sections four (4). five (5). six (6), seven
(7), eight (8). nine (9). Sections sixteen (16)
to twenty-one (21), both Inclusive, all of
• Sections twenty-two (22). twenty-three (23),
twenty-four (24). lying south of Kings River
and Sections twenty-nve (25) to thirty-six
(36), both inclusive; Township eleven (11)
South, Range twenty- three (23) East; Town-
ship eleven (11) South, Range twenty-four
(24) East; In Township eleven (11) South.
Range twenty-five (25) Eaet. Sections five
(6). six (6). seven (7). eight (S). nine (9). •
Sections 'sixteen (16) to twenty-one (21)
both Inclusive, and Sections twenty-eight
(28) to thirty-three (33), both Inclusive;
Township ten (10) South, Range twenty-two
(22) East; Township ten (10) South. Range
twenty-three (23) East; Township ten (10)
. South, Range twenty-four (24) East; Town-
ship nine (0) South, Range twenty-two (22)
. East; tn Township nine (9). iputh. Rang!
twenty-three (23) East, that part of Section
eighteen (18) lying south of the San Joaquin
River. Section nineteen (19), that part of
¦ Section twenty (20) lying; west of the San
Joaquin River, that part of Section twenty-
nine (29) lying west of the San Joaquin
River, Sections thirty (30) and thirty-one
(31). that part of Section thirty- two (32)
; lying couth of the San Joaquin River, that
part of Section tblrty-three (33) lying south
of the San Joaquin River. Section thirty-four
(34) and S H and NW hi of Section thirty-
five; Townahlp eight (S) South, Range twen-
ty (20) East; Township eight (S) South.
'Range twenty-one (21) East; in Townahlp
eight (8) South. Range twenty-two (22) East.
" Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36), both
inclusive, Township eeven (7) South, . Range
twenty (20) East; in Township seven (7)
8outh, Range twenty-one (21) East, Sec-
tions six (0) to eleven (11), both inclusive,'
ITEI.P_WAHTCT — EIALE— Centiaced. I
A— MURRAY &¦ READY, C34-63G Cla? «t.
Phone llsur. BS4S.
Leading Employment »ni Labc>r..Agents.
MIXKilS.
." miner*, hand work, Nevada, S hour day.
.¦:''. Grid iniorrs, coal miners, laborer* and
SAIUJAUERS.
:; silitniantrm. r-yadj Job, city. $2 50 to $4 day.
KARl'.ri AND DAlllli:?.
::: p*ow teamsurs and farmers, $2C to $S3 f d.
I rnllker-s. olioromen and ohoreboys.
MlSCfiLAXEOUS.
M laborers, near city. 560.
('¦ I-.aiian laborers, ranch, $1 W>, far*. |
•<jji\;ner ar.J :;airiter, near city, $3 50 day.
pHabei; <.-ii\ jc'i, $3 day.
tftttttu. tnrstare factory, city.
:.'A« iiink 11 AND.
•.Machine hand, ovutrjr pUnintf- null, souths
stcsjfly job. $1 day.
FARMKK AND WIFE.
Farmcf ctnd v.ifp. vineyard, Napi Co.. see
boss here. 10:30 a. »n.. Monday. >10 lounl.
COOKS. WA1TKRS, l~TC.
!5 cocks, waiT*rs. dishorn asiiws and kitchen
l.anas, $-0 to $i5 fcujui.
¦90S We Gar* 1904 W« Hope to
CO.000 Men Work. Increase 00.000.
MURJtAYjt READY. CU-ttiO Pay st.
A— BOOIIKKEPKR.
n<O».keeper ana typewriter for banking com-
]<arry; must have references; $40 found, with
increase. « •
RANCH BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper an<i typewriter :<j!" ranch: about
25 to 3S year*; steady potion; f 10 and fd.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-«3t> Clay et^
LATE ORDERS.
PIE BAKERS.
f Eie bakers, city Job. steady. $13 Treek.
.-rhcrt onier cook, iunch counter, city. $12
week.
4 stub! em en, n*ar city. $50 month.
aiTRRAY & READY. 631 -Cj6 Clay st.
MEN — The enry criminal Moler Barber College
teaches barter trade in i> weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and r?w appliances.
Call cr write fcr Illustrated catalogue.
Meier Barber College. C4H Sacramento st.
Lately moved from Clay St.
ANDRE'S orr.ee. 317 Stockton st. — Cook and
¦ bak^r. plain hotel, $50; family coAk, $50; pot-
masher, ; ¦". kitchen h&nd. ST a week;
waiter. $."2<J: porter. $20; butler. $40; milker
s.nd <io chores, $25, etc.
A PLEASANT raced, fine appearing- registered
jhysician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no ether; no traveling ;
f»lary ?2«O or more when v.el! started. Call
-t 25 Third st.
WANTED — M*n and women to learn the
barber trade, under first-class Instructor;
only « weeks required at G1LLETTS
SCHOOL. Cll Commercial st.
WANTED— Men to prepare for railway mall
and custom-house positions. Apply for free
oatalop-ue. Pacific Correspondence Institute.
Grant bldg.. 1C95 Market St.; open evenings.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Tfclrd St.; 250 rooms; 25c to &0c per night.
WANTED — Your.g' man who is a thoroughly
experienced dry goods bundle wrapi>er. Ap-
j>!y between 9 ar.d 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
TAII.1ORS — Ooatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. ARNSTEIN, SIMON & CO., Market
and Second Fts.
ONE yiung man to learn the barber trade
in a Fhop: only method. HAIGHTS COR-
RECT, 751 Mission st.
WANTED — A young man of good habits in a
private family for a large sunny room;
suitable for two. 2476 Howard Bt.
BARBER shope bought and sold at Coleman's
Ex'-har.ge; country shops a fpecialty. 70S
Market st.
WANTED — An all around tailor and coatmaker
for country. Apply REISS EROS. & CO..
L'4 Putter St.
¦WANTED— Educated gentleman to visit small
tcwr.s and write short articles for publica-
tion; $S3 per month. Box 950. Call office.
\JET rour shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
10 Ci'c. 571 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
<t 11 Third Et.. Examiner building.
V. ANTED — Men to fill 3f>0 rorms at 20c per
Mpht: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. G*>1 Howard, nr. 3d.
TKY our men's shoes, unl^n made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes. $2 50: we pay express
rharsr'-*. U :td st.. Exam, bid : open tin 9 p.m.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents: stea/iy positions. 247 Fifth st.
¦N'AXTED^ — Ordinary and able seaman. Thom-
as Murray, Shipping Agfnt, 110 Davis st.
MUSICIANS to join brass band. S2S Bush St..
third floor, room 4.
ONE or two l*-.ys or tr.eu wanted to peddle
fruit. T<C3 Nat' ma et.
WANTED— Boys to deliver telegrams; wages
£30 to $35 jit month. 300 Montgomery st-
OLD established 2-chalr barber shop; good lo-
cality; low rent. 24^3 Folsom st.
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky cne. 741 Howard et.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 29 Steuart et.
MEN wanted « 137 3d st.. where oboes are re-
paired by machinery; eewed soles 10 mln.. 75c.
BAILORS ar.d yourg men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. SI" »Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law ar.d Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.41S.
TENSION atty.. E. A. BulHs. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. G*o. H. Thomas Post., O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; .reading rooms;
free 'bus ar.d baggage to and from terry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertiseirents and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL eizes iron's' shoes, slightly damaged, half
price S71 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
EOL1CTTGR for merchant- tailor. 1123 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
TO HIRE — A couple cf working horse* by the
inorr't; also room for a few more boarders
Co!toV.bla Stable, 122% Eddy st.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CKJ5ELY, Pres.. 610 Golden Gate
WANTED — Good gentle horse, about 1100 or
1200 rounfls. 2364 Vallejo st.
FOR «ale — 40 business wagens of all kinds at
half price. 1503-5 Folscm st.
WANTED — Shetland pony outfit complete. Box
1TSG. call.
Krcnnn tired buggy for aal*. Bex 4605.
Call office.
MARE for rale; bay: weight al>cut 1100
pounds. Bex 4506. Call efflcc.
PONY f-art. hsrr.ess and saddle 1 jt tale. Ap-
ply C<1 Sth ave.
OPEN ha-*k. f^oo; gnoa condition. Apply bet.
10 ud 11. C23 Ninth ave.. Hichmond district.
AUCTION rale of boree». wagons and harne«$
fvcry v.>dr;ey<;ay at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st
FOH *al«— 5 recorid-hand express w&gcns cne
t'.ns)* trurk. 2S3 Ueale st.
VTAOONETTE*. rurrevp, Luggles wagons bar.
pee*, work & drlxing boretf. 15fh -Valencia.
ADVrP.TIFEMEXTS, subscriptions received at
Oil fe Braeca oCBea, por. Pnacan & church ««.
A PRANCH o*fire of The Can^f^r~the~recep^
tlon of a<!vrrtl>*:»?n*.s and tubs -.rljjUons has
been opened at M08 Market st., opposits
Fifth. Q;tn ur.t:i ;; p. bi. -VZ?
TO 1ST,
A — PRINTED lint of house. t;i tetTsend 'liar elr-
cu!».. O. H. VMBSE.V tc CO.. 20 M ont^omery
545-HOUSE. JO rooms; perfect condition TUm
end elect! ;c !!g!)t«; f r ,mt and back garden
162> Vailejo tt.. cr apply 4 Montjoratry ave!
HKFCRXtSHSO or partly Jurnish^cJ home-
Pr**n3io HtifchU; 3 rooms and balh Box
737. Cs!J nffice.
iJOnERN, rtir.r.y hnus-e. 11 rooms; reaeon-
. b> :?24 Baker n.
gQTTSES TO LET-rPBKISHEn.
UPWARD, 2120. near Eighteenth— 6 rooms
aad !•«.;.-.. finished bawtrent; rent re«j;on-
itcALLISTEn. JMJJ— 7 roorris "and HbathV com-
pletely cr partly furnished.
gQTTTZIg "TTEySirSP — FOB SAI.E.
FOH 4n!e~ Kine'.y rurnihhed hojse of \\
roami-; very returnable. 228 mill nt.
nrRTnSTIED hrose. 8 r. end bath; good loca-
tioE; citars $33 tno.; sell cheap. 313 Eddy.
:::: Contlnned A
••R.E.X.R.A.D.I.O.'S B.U.L.L.E.T.l.N."
L.A.S.T " W.E.E.K.'S "S.A.M.P.L.E.S."
"REXRADIO'S" humanized Radium (NON-
' MEDICAL) healing, i Benefits usually quick,
often INSTANT. Consultation free. 2 to 7
p. m. Free "public" healing TO-DAY, 2
and 8 p. m., 1 Fourth St., corner Market.
CIRCULAR. : '
"SHE DANCES 1 '— Crippled by, paralysis for
years feeling gone, dragged foot, cofeldn't
raise it or put it forward, couldn't "creep"
along slowly without support; after. Rex-
' radio's ONE treatment ail these troubles
ceased; "feeling" returned, foot didn't drag,
put it forward fully walked naturally with
"long" steps and NO SUPPORT.^raised foot
18 Inches. "On reaching home I actually
was able to DANCE, a thing I had neveC
expected to do the balance of my long llfe.'Sj
(NAME given.) ¦ ¦ ¦-,
"THEY CLOSE" — "My lone (unclosing)
ANCHYLOSED fingers were (last week) in-
stantly loosened and closed on my palm
after Rexradlo's ONBy treatment. Four
years doctors and medicines had utterly
failed' to help. I came from Sacramento for
treatment and am abundantly satisfied."
(NAME at offices.) .
"FACIAL PARALYSIS"— "Cheek and Up par-
alyzed and without feeling; ONE treatment
by Rexradlo and feeling returned and I could
naturally control the parts." (NAME given.)
"NEURALGIA was chronic and severe; ban-
ished promptly last week." (NAME given.)
"LAMENESS from chronic SCIATICA, prompt-
ly cured last week. I ran and JUMPED."
(NAME given.) ''-.-?:¦
"THREE SECONDS' treatment by Rexradlo
' made many years' 'DEAF* ear hear clearly
at 30 feet." (Hundreds more.)
"CONSUMPTION" — "Rexradio's treatment
(last week) astonishingly helped me." (Name
given.) •
"DROPSY" — "My bloat was very large; last
week Rexradlo quickly reduced it."
"POWERLESS HAND" — "Couldn't fnwp or
hold things In my PARALYZED hand; Rex-
radlo's (one) treatment enabled me to do
both naturally last week." (NAME given.)
"BALMY SLEEP" — "Rexi^dlo's SINGLE
treatment wonderfully relieved my afflictions
and my INSOMNIA departed. Same night I
had the soundest sweetest sleep I ever had
In all my life. I am greatly satisfied with
these unexpected, wonderful results of Rex-
radio's FIRST treatment." . (Name given.)
"QUICK AS A FLASH" — "Rexradlo expelled
my terrible LUMBAGO and I 'bent.' touch-
ing floor with hands. RAN and LEAPED;
all before impossible." (Name elven.)
"RHEUMATISM" — "Could not raise feet off
' floor, least movement agonizing. Rexradlo's
(first) treatment killed all pain, removed
muscle 'contractions,' and Instantly I threw
my foot (painlessly) over the top of a high
chair back." (Name (riven). '
"DEAF MUTES" — Several recently have (by
3 seconds' treatment) been enabled to HEAR
and SPEAK what they heard. CROWD of
witnesses. DOUBT it? Well, bring sbme
and watch results!
"ANCHYLOSED JOINTS" have been quickly
freed, so they moved naturally, and all
LAMENESS ceaeed. DENY It who may,
Rexradio CAN and often DOES accomplish
these -wonders.
"OSSIFIED LADY" — Mrs. Knowles, 370 Bart-
lett. Joints of arms, limbs, etc.. Immovably
"soild" for years — same as bricks Joined by
cement — yet ONE treatment by Rexradlo
made all tha Joints move naturally. No
man on eartw but Rexradio could get such
results. (SEE her and BE CONVINCED.)
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA" — Many . persons
CRIPPLED by It, others literally HELP-
LESS, powerless, have been quickly and
marvelouEly helped by Rexradlo.
"$1000 FORFEIT" If above cases are not.
GENUINE FACTS; absolute PROOFS at
offices. This work is STRAIGHT, however
CROOKED persons may "deny" It.
"LARGE CIRCULAR" now ready, CROWDED
with MULTITUDE of wonderful cases.
CALL for it. NEW circular published
WEEKLY. 1
"DISTANT TREATMENTS" — Many invalid*
in "remote" places have been marvelously
helped.
"BEDRIDDEN" sufferers ha've been quickly
(some INSTANTLY) helped* and enabled to
RISE from their beds ritht away.
"FREE PUBLIC HEALING" In view of au-
dience TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. Dally office
hours 2 to 7, RADIUM HALL, 1 Fourth gt.,
corner Market. CUT THIS OUT AND MAIL
TO BICK FRIENDS. See ads in this
column DAILY.
MASQUERADE coptumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores trray
hair to its nautral color. ?1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of "The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 V, Market St., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1O7SV4 Market et
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 607 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctoi- — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
PAP^j^HANOINO. PAINTINQ. ETO.
First-class work, reasonable, prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE, 1007 MeAJllBter St.; tel. Fell 2403.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
FjraCKA^INO^AGENCTES^
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin St., room 41); tel. South 319.
PROPOSALS. -
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted— Notice Is hereby
given that sealed .proposals will be re-
ceived by the Board of Directors of the
Veterans' Home of California, at Its office.
Room 13, 330 Sansome at., San Francisco,
California, up to 11 o'clock a. m., Satur-
day, December 3, 1304, and opened Immedi-
ately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies, etc., for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, California
(railroad station. Tountville, f. o. b.) for
eIx months, commencing January 1, 1<K>5,
and ending June 30, . lf»05. Schedules with
information and instructions for submitting
bids will be furnished upon application by
the undersigned. Bidders will carefully fol-
low th« conditions of the schedules, and no
bid will be considered unless It is in ac-
cordance with such schedules. Bids must
bo made on samples submitted whenever
called for In the schedule. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon sortie well known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 ner cent, of
the amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne Treasurer, conditioned that the bid-
der will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance, as required
t by law. The Board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Preference will be given to goods manufac-
tured or produced in this State, price, fit-
ness and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions of Section 3247 of the , Political Code.
Address John F. Soeehan, Secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home
I at California. Room 13, S20 Sansome et.. San
Francisco California. By order of tho Board
of Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN, fiecre-
tary. ¦ S . c -'
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washlncton, D. C... until 10 o'clock a. m.,
December 20. 1904, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yards, Mare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash, as specified, a compressed air plant,
' comprising locomotive, air compressor, and
charuinc air reservoir; one 4-wheel coupled
switching locomotive, one 24-inch engine
¦ lathe with motors, and one 4000-pound
steam hammer. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the Navy Pay
Offices, San Francisco, Cal.. and Seattle,
Wash. H. T. B. HARRIS, Paymaster Gen-
eral. U. 8. N. 11-5-04.
$20 000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wheatland for sale, untaxable, bearing 6
per cent interest; Ferial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday, Dec. 5, 1904, cer-
" tlfied check of 10'per cent to accompany bid.
For information address R. N. MURPHY,
Town Clerk. Wheatland. . Cal.
._/_,_- ¦ LEGAL NOTICES.
ALL outstanding bills against P. F. Gleason,
owner of ealocn at 1912 Market st., must be
* presented before Nov. 30, as ha will sell out
on . above • date. ¦
BSAL ESTATE— CITT—yOB SALB.
$35,000— IXrr and Improvemenu; Pacific St..
nr. Hyde; 08x137:6; rentals, $200; $15,500 at
6 per cent can remain; make bid.
$20,000— Lot and improvements on Central ave.,
near Jackson st.; (i7:8%x211; rear half of
lot Irregular; rents $150.
$9250— Stores and flats; Bryant St., near 7th;
rentals $0*; lot 30x90; good location for in-
crease In value.
$4100— SubstanUal cottage In Richmond; Third
ave., near Lake; lot 25x120; rents $25.
Other desirable city and country properties
or. application.
I. R. P. GRTJBB, 828 Mills building.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
•NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract;
' l«vel as a billiard table; on grade; close to
fine school and Mission street electric cars;
. bound to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fins lots, near
Ocean Boulevard.; best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery st., r. 8. Phone Mala 3704.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
ONLY $16,000.
Fine business cor., centrally located; store,
basement and flats; well rented; In fine busi-
ness location; lot 27x85.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. &12 Bush st.
$3500 AND UPWARD.
Size, 27:6x187:6; Van Ness av>e.. Green and
Union sts.; surrounded by elegant new im-
provements;' streets all accepted; lots level and
on grace; cheapest building lota in the city.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 812 Bush st.
$2000— CORNER lot, 100x115; Seward *and
Douglass sis. $1750^ — Corner lot. 51:6x110;
Hill and Noe sts. $1(KK) — Corner. 2 lots. San-
chez and Palmer sts. Send for our monthly
circular. D. 'COFFIN, 2528 Mission St..
near Twenty-first.
$13,000—2 SWELL flats on Clayton st., near
11 (light; rentals $120 a month; modern in
every way: lot 27:6x106:8. Apply to Equit-
able Realty Co.. room 8. 016 Market St.
NEW. sunny flats, $7000; half cash'. Golden
-Gate ave., near Central ave.; 5 and 6 rooms,
Wbath; attics; 2 basements; rooms tinted and
frescoed; open daily; street work complete.
LOT for sale — Splendid chance; on Ocean
Beach; lot 12 on 46th ave.; owners leaving
city. Apply 28 Laskle st., off Mission, near
Ninth.
$1400— TERMS if desired; 86-ft. front; block
of l£Kh and Valencia: street work complete.
The Dolan Co., 1C07 Market, opp. Franklin.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association, 427 Crossley bid.
MODERN cottages on terms- same as rent.
Apply owner, lumber yard, corner Army
and Condon sts.
HOUSES built cheap: plans free; easy pay-
ments. Room 438, Parrott bide.
6TANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer... plumbers, 836 Howard at.
A WEEK'S news* for 5 cents — The Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — COTTNTRT — For Sal*.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. . LODL
The town that has the "SNAP" to it: the
section that has the most fertile soil tn the
San Joaquin Valley; fine roada; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract in 10-acre
lots; only 2ft miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep;
school on the tract; $75 per acre. This will not
, last over 30 days: first come, first served. Ad-
joining land sold for $125.
$8500— Close to Napa City; 60 acres rich,
level land; 35 acres in orchard 12 years old;
good 8-room house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
tle; farming tools; good furniture; fine income;
half cash.
$1800 — Close to Sebastopol; 10 acres fine land;
4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden; 5 acres
young apples; half cash.
$500 down— 160 acres and use of 40 more; 2
miles of postofflce; in Sonoma County; rolling
land: 8 Acres vines; orchard; finely fenced;
building alone cost $2000; house 7 rooms; barn,
wagon-shed, poultry-houses yards; 1500 cords
wood; some stock; furniture; price $2500.
$400 down — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch;
2 good dwellings, barn, poultry-houses, incuba-
tor; 6 cows, 15 Angora goats, 2 horses, buggy;
tools; 10 tons of hay; only 1 mile of town; in-
vestigate quick; $2000.
$5600 — Only 1 mile of Hay wards; 37 acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modem
house 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this is the best buy
In the vicinity.
$2650^ — North of Watsonville; 65 acres, 8 acres
full bearing apples. 9 In grain; fine berry
patch; 40 acres timber; flowing stream; 0-room
house; large barn and granary; water piped to
buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
vicinity. See a few.
J2SCKV- Close to Petalnma, 1 mile station; 10
acres rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful oaks; modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
good barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse,
cow. SO hens, buggy, etc. ;• will add 12 acres
adjoining if desired; see thla quick.
$10,000 — Close to Geyserville; 56 acres rich '
Russian River bottom; great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard, 12 prunes, 23 acres fine alfalfa; large
new barn. Wo offer some of the finest farms
In the world in this superb section; let us
drive you around.
$2500 — Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family* orchard; good
house and outbuildings; well fenced; investi-
gate this.
$1500— All level. 10 acres, 2 miles of Calls-
toga; small orchard; good house and barn; 2
wells; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up; half cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbrtdge
canal.
$5500—40 acres, all tillable. No. 1 soil; fam-
ily orchard; mostly in grain; 6-room house;
good barn, windmill, blacksmith shop, poultry-
houses; near, school; fine team; Jersey cow,
pigs, laytns hens; tools; wagon, 2 buggies; all
furniture; close to Santa Rosa.
$2750 — Foothill ranch of 160 acres; near
Clayton; 80 acres fine plow land; bouse, good
barn: family orchard; terms.
1X700 — 25 acres, close to Callstosra; adapted
to vines and tr»es; family orchard; cozy 5-room
cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of o rooms and bath;
large brooder-house, 2 incubators, brooders; all
farming tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
$S5 per acre for sandy loam land, slightly
rolling; 3 miles west of Petaluma; in tracts
from 5 acres up. We wish to call special at-
tention to tne choice homes we have In the vi-
cinity of Petaluma and want to have you
drive out wltb us and see them. Photos at
this office.
$2500 — 29 acres, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard; vineyard; creek. 2
wells; nice cottage 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced Into 4 fields; 5 poultry-houses, large
wire netting yards. 150 laying hens; good horst,
» cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4 tons hayj
easy terms.
$2600—10 lots at Corte Madera; 4 mfnutes
from depot; log cabin worth $1000, fine shake
cabin: stable; fine suburban home; easily worth
$3300- hot and cold water throughout; modern.
$;!!)50-— 34 acres, near Watnonville; 200 apples;
6 acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
grain; 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
Jl2OO-rlO acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl --sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
$25C0— Near Santa Cru*, 60 acres rich alluvial
soil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance timbered pasture; 5- room house,
earn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to . . •
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery St.. room 8.
- Property Exchange a Specialty.
$5000 — 80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with improvements, in orchard section
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line oX new Irrigation
.ditch. , ',.:. .,
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM,
406 Second St., MarysviUe, Cal.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice:
153 acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres in cultivation:
Irult. vines and grain; fully equipped and
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's home.
\ BHADBURNE. 400 Montgomery st. • ~ ¦
400 ACRES good mountain land In Santa Clara
Co., and good .house and good barn; plenty
of water: for sale or exchange. Inquire 311)
Taylor st. ¦
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! "
. Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. CM. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market at. .- - . .
CONTRA Costa County real estate for sale.
Send for lUt. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
MENLO— 10 acres; grand vt«w; noblo oaks;
half Price. Box 1970. Call office.
-IP TELL YOUR WANTS TO READERS OF THE CALLMONDAY. NOVEMBER 28.
! Sun rises 7 :0t
'Sun sets.... ....' 4:52
1 Moon tlsea 10:30 p. m. j
O- Time ITimel ITimel " Time
» Ft. I 1 Ft. f 1 Ft. Ft.
? (H Wl (L W[ |H W| L W
28 I 4:00 4.7 8:02 3.14 2:46 4.8 9:40 0.3
59 I 4:50 4.8 10:22 2.7 4:02 4.4 10:35 . 0.7
30 I 5:40 6.2 11:38 2.S 5:30 4.111:37 1.1
1 I 6:30 6.3 12:47 1.7| 6:52 4.1
NOTK — la the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day. In the crder of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the laat tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United . States
Coast Survey: Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height,- and then the number
given ia subtracted from . the depth given by
the charts.- % The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Burned in Candy Factory.
Al O'Day was badly burned on the face,
arms and legs yesterday at Rothchild's candy
factory. He was tak«n to the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital for treatment, - and later re
moved to his home, 116 Hermann street.
If a woman suffers In silence it must
be that she finds pleasure in talk.
Makes Fast Voyage.
The oil tank steamer Whlttler, Captain Dick
son, with the barge " Santa . Paula in tow, , ar
rived la* port yesterday, *Vt days from Van
couver. This i is considered remarkably fast
time. , ,
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company'*
steamship Umatilla, from Sound ports, .arrived
late yesterday afternoon, several hours behind
her schedule time. She was delayed by a suc
cession of heavy head winds and a « high sea.
She brought 124 cabin (and 159 second-class
passengers.
Delayed by Winds.
United .States Coast and Geodetlo Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to. San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ¦ •
NOTE — The high and low waters occu r at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is 'the same at both placei.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Crowley's bo'athouse will have an acquisition
to Its fleet to-day, when two new and fast
launches will go into commission.. The boats
aro. called the Envoy and Escort. They are
2S-horsepow»r. 3S feet In length and 0 feet
beam. This will bring up the Crowley fleet to
ten launches. ¦ '
Crowley's Xew Boats.
Fred Hart was thrown from a Mission-street
car at the corner of East and Mission streets
last night and was. badly bruised. He was
picked up in a helpless condition and taken to
the Harbor Emergency Hospital. He suffered
a pprain in the small of the back, possible In
ternal injuries and bad bruises on both sides
of the abdomen. Hnrt is an engineer and at
present is located in Richmond.
Thrown From Car.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. Due.
Memphis I Seattle Nov. 28
Curacao | Mexican Ports Nov. 28
Wyefleld . Nanalmo Nov. 28
Vanguard Humboldt :... Nov. 28
Bontta Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 88
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 28
Arcata TToos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 2S
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 2S
Chehalis Grays Harbor Nov. 29
Redondo Portland & Astoria Nov. 29
Centralta Grays Harbor Nov. 29
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Nov. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. 30
F. A. Kilburn. Portland & C003 Bay. Nov. 30
Del Norte Crescent City Dec. 1
City Sydney.. I New York via Ancon.. Dec. 1
S. Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 1
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Dec. 1
Argo Eel River Ports Dec. 1
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Dec. 1
Corona Humboldt Dec. 1
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports Dec. 2
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Dec. 2
Gaelic China & Japan .-Dec 3
Paxnhla. ..... Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 3
North Fork... Humboldt Dec. 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... Dec. 5
Alameda Honolulu Dec. 6
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 7
Aurelia Portland & Astoria. ... Dec. 7
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 7
Siberia China & Japan Dec. 7
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 28.
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqull'.e River 5 pm Pier 20
J. Higglns. Los Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
Barracouta. Corinto & Way Pts. 12 in Pier 40
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor ..12 m Pier 20
Jesnie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 29.
Rainier.... Seattle & Everett. 4 pm Pier 10
Samoa Log Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Eureka Humboidt 9 am Pier 13
Centralia... Los Angeles Pdrts. 10 am Pier 10
N. Fork.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Coronado.,. Grays Harbor 4 pm P.tr II)
November 30. . *
Vanguard.. Eureka ' direct pier 27
Homer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p!Pler u
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 20
Alliance Eureka & Coos B.I 5 pmiPier 16
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd|10 am|Pier 13
Arctic...... Humboldt ....| 0 am, Pier 2
December 1, I I
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor | 1 pmlPIer 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 amIPler 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmiPier . 3
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier H
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Memphis. . . Hamburg & Way. . 10 am Pier 19
Bonita Newport & Way.. 'J am Pier 11
December 3.
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way Pier —
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pmJPler 8
Argo....*... Eel River Ports-.... 4 pmjPier 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm'Pler 2
Korea: China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.-. 12 m Pier 40
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
December 6. I
Queen. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
December 7. «1 .<
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
FROM SEATTLE. I- - '¦
Steamer. Destination. J Sails.
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. [Nov. 28
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. |Nov. 28
Santa Ana... Seldovla & Way Ports.lDec. 1
Cottage City. Skagways & Way Ports | Dec. S
McEwen Bros, to Metropolitan Improvement
Company, lot on S line of Q street. 52:6 W of
Fourteenth, S to point 146:7 S of S street, E
13.89 chains. NE to Q street. W to beginning,
exceptins streets, avenues and school lots, out
side land 1108 to 1116. 1035 to 1040; $10.
Kate Muller to Caroline C. Gruber. lot on S
line of U street, 107:6 W of Thirty-third, W 25
by S 100; $250.
Frank K. Cann to Phil J. Strubel, lots 11 to
16. block 1224, outside land, Monaghan subdi
visions (as recorded); $10.
Phil J. Strubel to Joseph F. Donaldson, lots
11 to 15, block 1224, outside land, Callaghan's
subdivisions on Forty-fifth avenue between V
and W streets (as recorded); $750.
Real Estate Security Company t* Fulvlo Bo
nlno. lot on N line of W street, 82:6 W of Six
teenth avenue, N 100 by W 50; $10.
Same to Domenlco O. Rossi, lot on N line of
W street. 82:6 W of Sixteenth avenue, W 60 by
N 100; $10.
J. H. Trofit to Albert W. Franklin, lot 6,
block T, Park Lane Tract No. 5; $150.
S. Ducas Company to George Ryan, lot on
SE line of Peralta street, 58:2% NE of Butler
avenue. NE 29:1%. S 105:10%, W 25, N 9011%.
lots 1 to 3, block 3, George Ryan's subdivision
Franconla; $10. .
Edwin A. and Ellen Lawrence to Robert S.
Martin, lot en NE corner of Tenth avenue and
M street, E 53 by N 100; $10.
George D. and Lillie B. Toy to J. F. Beasom
lot on E line of Twenty- first avenue, 125 N of
Lake Ftrwt. N 25 by E 120; $10.
William Watson to Oscar P. Hicks, lot on
NE corner of Twentieth avenue and California
street, E 29 by N 120; ?10.
Philip and Nannette Kweed to Jacob Welss
bein, let on S line of C' street. 82:6 E of Forty
soventh avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Maria A. and Emma C. Thomas to San Fran
cisco and Suburban Home Building Society lot
on SE line of Stevenson street, 150 SW of Fifth.
SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
San Francisco and Suburban Home Building
Society to George G. Morgan, same: $15,000.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to James I. Starrs, lot on E line of Ver
mont street. 175 N of Twenty-fourth, N 25 by
E 100: J10.
Maria and Aatonio Delucchi tn Abble L. As
tredo, lot on N line of Vallejo 6treet, 136'10
W of Maton. W 0:8 by N 102:8; $10.
Sarah E. Blakey to Selby Smelting and Lead
Company. lot on NE corner of First street 80
SE of Howard, SE 76:8Vi, N 72, NW20:8U. NE
12. SE C1:S, NE &3:6. NW 117:6. SW 137:6;
V llhelmine English to Henry J. and Amanda
Wehr. lot on W line of Harrison street 185 S
of Twenty-second, S 50 by W 122:6; $10.
M. L. Wicks to Luigl Canblazo. lot on SE
corner of Francisco and Dupont streets S 70
by E 00; $10.
Lulgl Canbiazo to Caesar Rodoni, undivided
one-half of same; flO.
Mary Gibney to Israel Schwartz, lot on N
line of Sacramento street, 85:6 W of Cherry W
25 by N 102:814; $10.
Frederick W. Wolters to Annie B. Wolters
lot on \V line of Central avenue, 100 S of Pace
street. S 25 by W 93:9; gift.
Margaretha Coolot to Clara L. Dlepenbrock,
lot on W line of Devisadero rtreet. 100 S of
Hayes, S 25 by W 106:8; also lands out of
county; grant.
John J. and Clara Pratt to Harriett Woolf.
lot on W line of Clay street, 105 E of Broderlck
E 27:6 by N 127:8%; 510. ,
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 28.
REAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Movements of Steamers.
j ARRIVED.
Saturday. Nov. 26.
j Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen. 50 hours from
Ba sfmr' Empire. Bartlett 75 hours from Coos
1 Ba sc'hr William Renton. Bruce. 26 days from
Astarla - Sunday. Nov. 27.
Stmr Newburg, Andflndsen. 75 hours from
Gr mrnr I ChicoT' Martin. 55 hours from Bandon.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 14 hours from Bow-
Dlckson. 4* days from Van-
C0 Stmr Mandalay. Smith, 44 hours from Cres-
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen. 90 hours from
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, 68 hours from
Victoria and way ports.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. 31 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney. * hours from Half-
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 34 hours from Eureka.
Barge Santa Paula.. Tellle. 4% daya from
Vancouver.
BAILED.
Saturday. Nov. 26.
Btmr San Pedro. Rasmussen. San Pedro.
Sunday, Nov. 27.
Ger stmr Menea. Kagelmavher. Victoria,
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson. San Pedro and
way ports.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman. Coos Bay.
Stmr Navarro Jacobs, Albion.
Nor stmr Titanla. Foyn. Ladysmlth.
Stmr Aztec Frazler, Kobe and Yokohama.
Stmr Aurelia. Erickson. Astoria.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. Eureka,
Stmr Noyo Johnson Eureka.
Stmr Chlco' Martin. San Pedro.
Br ship Wavertree. Brew. Sydney.
Schr Ida A, Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr John A. Olsen, Eureka.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, Hanson. CoqulIIe River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 27, 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 10 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Tampico. from Ttfcotna. for San
Pe<j ro __On Nov 20, Fr bark JolnviU, from
Newcastle. Eng for San Francisco.
Per Fr bark Babln Chevaye — Nov 16, lat
24 48 N, long 130 28 W, Fr bark Vllle du
Havre from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Nov' 21 — Lat 31 49 N. long 134 38 W. Fr
ship Ville de Mulhouse. 'from Hamburg, for
Portland. Ore.
. Memoranda.
Per Br stmr Tottenham, at Victoria, from
Samarang Nov 26 — Reports that in thirty -five
years of seafaring liever experienced such
i weather as the vessel passed through near the
! Aleutian Islands; early in November the wind
i and sea exceeded in fury the typhoons of ths
I China Sea or the hurricanes of the West In
dies; the vessel, although steaming full speed
! ahead, could barely make steerage way, and
] Immense seas swept the decks from stem to
1 stern, continuously doing damage to the
lighter works; the officers were oji, constant
watch for days all the way down the Alaskan
coast; as far as Queen Charlotte Islands the
rough weather continued. The . Tottenham
brings a carfeo of 5000 tons of raw sugar.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Captain Hansen.' bound
out for Coqulllo River, drifted one mile to
south of Cliff House; 8 p. m. anchored; burned
signals of distress, which were seen by Point
Lobos lookout who Immediately telephoned
for tug; tug Reliance went to assistance anfl
towed her out of danger at 12 p. m.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Centra-
Ma, for San Francisco; stmr Melville Dollar,
for San Pedro.' i .
Arrived Nov 26 — Stmr Norwood, hence
Nov 23. / v
Arrived Nov 27 — Schr Cecilia, from San
Pedro. "^ -,
Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Chehalis. for San Fran
cisco; schr Kona, for Redondo.
I SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 26— Schr Bangor,
for Rainier.
SEATTLE — Sailed Nov 26 — Stmr Meteor, for
San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr
Bonlta. for San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 27— Stmr State of California^
for San Francisco; stmr Bonlta, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed in Nov 27 — Schr
Ludlow, from San' Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 27— Tug Columbia,
with schr Advance In tow from Bandon, for
San Franolsco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 27 — Stmr.OIym
pia, hence Nov 24; stmr Northland, hence
Nov 25: stmr Alcazar from Greenwood; schr
Andy Mahoney. from Astoria; U S stmr Ma
drona. from San Francisco. . -
Sailed Nov . 27— Schr Esther Buhne, for
Grays Harbor; stmr W H Kruger. for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Acme,
from Eureka.
Sailed Nov 27 — Stmr Francis H Leggett. for
San Francisco.
BANDON— Sailed Nov 25— Schr Sacramento,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
. HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 26— Nor stmr
Ingcr, for ; Btmr Manchuria, for Yoko
hama; Br stmr Gaelic, for San Francisco. ;
KAHULUI— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Nevadan,
from Honolulu. .
HILO — Arrived Nov 25 — Bark St Katherlne,
hence Oct 29. .
KIHEI — Sailed Nov 24 — Bktn Fullerton, for
San Francisco. ¦ ' ¦ . ",
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 26— Br stmr Tar
tar -trom Hongkong. / •,
Passed In Nov 26 — Br stm'f Tottenham, from
Samaranff.. for Vancouver. ¦
OCESAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Mon
golian from New -York. - - , . -
. MOVILLE — Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Columbia,
from New York, for Glasgow, and. proceeded
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Etru
rla, from Liverpool, for"New York.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The old whaler John and Wtnthrop was
towed over to Oakland Harhpr yesterday, to
remain until her departure for the north.
Goes to Oakland Harbor.
Comes From Port Costa.
The French bark Ernest Ryer, which has
been loading grain at Port Costa, was towed
down to. the harbor yesterday by the tug
Dauntless. ...
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
• SAX FRANCISCO, Nov. 27—5 p. ra.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same data
last season, and the rainfall in the lajt twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Laat
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.58 8.23 13.94
Red Bluff^ l.»>0 10.47 8.45
Sacramento 1.08 1 7.39 3.68
fcan Francisco 0.56- 8.43 4.42
Fresno 0.00 6.06 0.68
Independence 0.00 0.45 0.42
San Luis Obispo... Trace 4.71 0.50
Lob Angeles 0.00 -1.14 0.43
San Dieso ....0.00 0.17 0.07
THE COAST RECORD.
i 2 ¥~~i
3 gist "3 I? - a
3' 3 3 3 3 <J2 B ¦ V
STATIONS. a jjlp |§ |a, I
' * an- *
Baker 30.06 54 38 XW Rain .04
Carson 30.06 60 3S S Cloudy T.
Eureka 30.20 60 56 SW Cloudy .10
Fresno 30.14 70 46 NW Pt.Cldy .00
S. E. Farallon.3o.24 62 07 NW Cloudy .67
"Flagstaff 30.16 64 14 W Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello 20 .*
Independence .30.06 fiS 38 SW Clear .00
Los Angeles. .30.02 84 56 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.3(>.25 55 48 NW Clear ,65
North Head.. 30. 04 54 54 SW Clondy *.40
Phoenix 30.00 82 50 E Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 30. 20 CO 54 NW Cloudy .83
Portland 30.08 56 4S S Rain .04
Red Bluff 30.26 62 50 SW Pt.Cldyl.OO
RoFehurs 30.18 64 48 SW Pt.Cldy .38
Sacramento ..30.20 60 44 N Pt.Cldyl.08
Salt Lake 30.04 58 . . W Pt.Cldy .00
San Franclsco.30.2t> «2 54 W Pt.Cldy .66
S. L. Obispo.. 30. 14 68 42 NW Cloudy T.
San Diego 30.0O 82 58 NW Clear .0O
Seattle .:....2».98 54 5O SE Cloudy .24
Spokane 29.94 50 36 S Cloudy .10
Tatoosh ..ft.»*!).O2 56 .^ SW Cloudy .62
Walla Walla. 30. 04 60 36 S • Cloudy .06
Winnemucca .30.14 62 30 SW Pt.Cldy .01
Yuma 29.98 80 64 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm off the Washington coast last
night has moveoV rapidly eastward and now is
central north of Montana. Rain has fallen
from San Luis Obispo northward.. In the Sac
ramento Valley the rainfall averaged about on«
Inch.
The pressure has risen rapidly over • the
northwestern portion of th« country and fallen
over the Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature changes have been slight
In all districts.
Hlzh winds are rer>orted from Cape Mendo
clno northward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 28:
Northern California — Generally fair Monday,
with showers on the extreme northern coast;
fresh west wind.
Southern ' California — Fair Monday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Partly, cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
Hrht west wind.
Loe Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday;
light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Monday.
Fresno and vieintty — Fair Monday. I
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
I .
The hulk of the barkentine Quickstep, with
her 500.000 feet of lumber, is In all probability
still floating around the waters of the Pacific,
off Rogue River, a menace to all shipping pass
ing In that locality. So far as could be learned
yesterday; no efforts had been made by those
interested in her to send a tug to her assist
ance or to remove her from a path where she
is liable to obstruct navigation. Why a reve
nue cutter had not been sent to look up the
derelict could not be learned. - < '
Xo Xcws of Quickstep.
The Tottenham was from Samarang.
Java. She brought a cargo of 5000 tons
of raw sugar.
All the lighter upper works were
either swept overboard or badly
smashed up. The steamer at times was
at the mercy of the waves, and was
tossed about like a cockleshell. Every
officer of the ship was on constant
watch for days. The storm continued
all the way down the Alaskan coast, as
far as the Queen Charlotte Islands.
The British steamship Tottenham ar
rived at Victoria, B. C, on Saturday
on her way to Y-ancouver.
According to Captain Peters 1 reports,
it is a miracle that she did not succumb
to the terrible storms she encountered.
Captain Peters says that In all his
thirty-five years of seafaring, he has
never experienced such weather as the
vessel passed through near the Aleu
tian Islands in the early part of No
vember. He states that the fury of the
seemingly endless storm exceeded in
violence the typhoon of the China seas
or the hurrieqries of the West Indies.
Puring the height of the gale, although
the vessel" was steaming full speed
ahead, she could hardly make steerage x
way. Great volumes of water pounded
on her- decks, and mountainous seas
continuously swept over her. It seemed
at times as if the gfeat masses of water
that poured, over her wouldsmash her
to pieces- Everything movable was
carried away., .
British Ste.afnship Tottenham. Has
- a Terrible Experience.
NORTHERN SEAS "IN. TURMOIL
It is 'sincerely to be regretted that
Mrs. Malcolm Henry is indisposed, and
will probably not figure among the hos
tesses. Last winter she was a valiant
aid to her mother, Mrs. Voorhles, as
was Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop and
Miss Voorhies.
The patronesses are as follows: Mrs.
Alfred Hunter Voorhles, Mrs. James
Potter Langhorne, Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin. Mrs. Bowman H. McCalla, Mrs.
William A. McKittrick, Mrs- William
F. -Herrin, Mrs. Francis J. Sullivan and
Mrs. John D. Spreckels.
All things prompt the prediction that
the first Assembly will eclipse any of
its affairs of last winter, as -'tis moot
ed abroad that a splendid assortment
of dancing men — darlings of the gods —
are to be present to gladden the hearts
of the maids.
The welkin will ring with gladness,
for every maid who has curtsied to so
ciety this winter will wrap her charm-
Ing little self— or big— into yards of ele
gance and expectation, and be whisked
off to the Palace. There's always a dis
tinction about the first balls of the sea
son, and the reasons therefor are two
fold—the maidens are not yet wearied
nor satiated, and their frocks are fresh
as a daisy-patch In the early morn.
Contrary to expectation, there will be
a few dinners preliminary to the dance,
notably the Sabin affair; but as the
ball is an early "stunt," being called
promptly at nine, these little affairs
are relegated to memory. And the
gods be thanked! For a crumpled
frock and a pinkish complexion from
the strenuosities of a dinner are not
conducive to ballroom charm.
Behold, to-night the first Assembly
cometh! — and with it cometh much
Joy!. . .
By Sally Shjvrp.
ALMOST SUCCUMBS
TO FEARFUL GALE
ASSEMBLY WILL
BE VERY SMART
THIS EVENING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 190
10
IllW, \ Marot St^( North Shore Railroad)
OlnCJB i and Sausauto Fkx&y, Foot Market St.
AUCTION SALES
£?*> £» fe
T0==70==70
HEAD AT AUCTIOM!
1-00 SSial™"* h0 ™"- ''*>*•>• '¦»» «» ••
25 head unbroke, fron? 1C0O to 1300 pound*.
Consigned by
C. R. SUGGETT. LAKEVTEW, ORE.
One of the best consignments of all-purpoM
norses ever offered at auction In this city.
SALE MONDAY November^ '04.
At 11 a. m. sharp.
220 Valencia street,
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
_ „ „ E. STEWART. Auctioneer.
P. S. — No outside horses will b« offered.
5^ £?* £*
Don't forget the BIG CLOSTXO OTTT 8 ALE.
A lot of GOOD HORSES, WAGON3. BLO-
GIES. SURRIES, slnsle and douMe HARNES3
TUESDAY, November 29. 11 a. m. 1140 FOL-
SOM STREET.
£* ' £* £fc
AUCTION SALE— WEDNESDAY Nwr. 30.
at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 327
SIXTH ST.. 50 head of good hcrses and mares ¦
all good workers. JOHN J. DOYLE.
AUCTION SALE HORSES, Livennora, Cal. *
Will ssll 60 HEAD OF HORSES. Wt. from 900
to 1250. Will take place 10 A. M.. DE^.
CEMBER 3. inO4. J. M. BARRY. Auctioneer.
RAILWAT TRAVEL.
/A^fTrry^NL to arrive at
L?^^^jz| 8AN FRANCISCO.
V vV jbgc /#!/ f*©« octqbm n. wot
V^-^^^V/ F*»bt Vxtot
x s>C \JS (Toot of Market Street.)
lfat. - MAIN LINE. -A«»rv»
7.00a Vaeavllle. winters. K u in *oy» 750»
7.C0a Bentcla, Elmira and SnCramento.. 7.20»
730a Yallejo. Nap*. C«R»tog:i. Saata
Kosa. Martinez. San i;»moo 8.20*
730a Nile*. Trscy. Lathrop. Stockton.... 7.20»
1 00a Shasta Express — (Via Davis).
Wllllamt, Willowi. tFrnto. Ked
Blu.T. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-58*
8 00a Davis. Woodland, Knights Landing.
MaryiTllle. Orovllie 7.50»
8 30a Martlaez. Anttocb. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton. New ra*n. Los Banos,
Meadata. Armona, Haoford,
Vliali*. "orterirtlle «.20»»
8-SOa Fort Cot (a, Modesto. Me rend.
Fresno. Gotbcn Junction. li»a-
ford. Vlsalia. DakeriOeld 4.50s»
830 a Nllrs. San Jose. Ltvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMHtoo). lone. 6aerament<x
MaryiTlIle. Chlco. Rod Blair .... «.Z0»
¦ 30a Oskdale. Chln*«e. Jsm<*su>vrn. So
nor*. Tuolumn? »nd JnzeJi $"25
9 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden»nd Ea«. 52ui»
830a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Stations •50»
10 00a The Overland LlmlMd — «>Kden.
Omnba. Chicago. Denver. Kansas
loxoAya^o^. 0 .^::::::.::::::::::- ilS:
10.00a Los Angeles' Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton, Merced,
Kaymond. Fresno, Goshen Jana-
tlon. Hanford, Lemoore. VtsaUa*
Bakersdeld. Los Anzeles VtS*
12.00m Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. J-2° p
tl-OOP Sacramento Elver Steamers T11.00*
3 30P Benlcis. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knlfrhta lumdlng.
MarTsvllle, Orovllle ssd way
stations 10-504
S.SOP Harward. N'lles and Way Stations.. 7-50»
S30P Port Co«ta, Martinez, By rou.TracT,
Lathrop, 9tockton, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations tx-joud I'o: t. Costa 12-20*
4 OOP Martinei.Snu lUmcn. ValleJo.Nap*.
CallatcKa, Santa Rosk. 9 20*
4-00p Niles. Tracy. Stockton 1020a
4 . 30 p Hay ward. Is'iifi, lrvington. Saal t8.50*
Jose. LlTermore ) til. 50a
6-COPThe Owl Limit*!— Xewman. Los
Banos. Mendoia. Fresno. T uUri.
Bakersfleld. Los Angsles _ 850*
tS 30p Hayward, Niles and San Jos* ..-_ .7-20*
6-OOP Hay ward. N lies and Saa Jose. 8 SO*
6 OOP Eastern Expreas — Omaaa. Chicago.
Dfcnver. Kansas City. St. Louis.
Marrinfcz. Stockton. Sacrament^
Col fas, Beno, » parks, ilciaitUa,
_'-_- O*den :2-50>
f .OOP Vallejo, daily, except Snadav.... I 7 r n
7-OOp Vallejo, Sunday only f '•***
7 -COP Richmond. S*n Pablo, Pors Costa,
Mnrttnes and Way Stations 11.20a
7. COp Keno Passenger^ — Port Costa, Be-
nlcta. Sutsan. Elmira. Dtxon. .
Davis, Sacrament". Sparks, Tono-
pah. Keener asd Way Station*. .. 7.50a
• 05p Oregon A California Express— Sac
nunento, Marysvllle, Reddlnc,
Portland, Pages Sound and East. 8-50*
8.10P Haywurti, Nile* sad San Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 11.60%
COAST LI N E (Harrow Usage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-15AKewark. Centervtlle. San Jots,
Felton. Boulder Creek,' Santa
Cruz and Way Stations S 53*
t2-1SP Newark. Centervllle. Baa Jos*.
New Almaden. Los Oato«.Feltoa. *
Bonldur Creek, Santa Cru* aad
Principal Way Sutions tlO-55*
4.1BP Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos... | *]§;§5*
C9-30P Hunters' Train (Saturday »n!y>—
San Jose and War Stations !7.25a>
COAST LINE (Uroa*; «.Aa«ei.
t3f~ I Tlitrd ana fownsend Streets.)
*6-10a San Joaa and Way Station*. S30f»
7 00a S*n Joxe and W»y Stations 6 40f»
8 00a New Almaden (Tues., Frid.. only). 4.10*
800a The Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
Sin Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
UargnrUa. Saa Luis Obispo,
Guadalupe, Gavlota, Santa Bar-
bara, San BuenaTentura, Moo-
talvo. Oxnard. bur bank. Los
Angeles 10-33**
8 00a Ol'.roy. Holllster. CantrovUle, Del
Montr. Pacific Grove. Surf, Lorn-
poc „ ... 19.WS*
9.00a San Jose. Tres Ptnos.WatsonVll'it),
Capitols. Suuta Crn*, Psclfla
Grore. Salinas, San Lulu Obispo
sou Principal Way Stations. M 4. tO»
1030a San Jose and Way Stations......... 1.20p
11 2Ca San Jose aud Way Stations 7.»0»
2 15p San Jose and Way Stations 8 38a
SCOP Del Monte Kxpress— Santa Clara.
San Jose. Watsonville. Santa
Crux. Del Monte. Monterey,
Paetfie Grove. .................. |» tSp
13-OOp Los Goto*. Wrtjrht. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Saata Clara and
Narrow Cause tin. 45*
8 ZOr> Valencia St.. South San Francisco.
Bnrltngame, San Jose, Gllroy,
Holllster, TreaPiaos % ... io 4t*
4.30p Pan Jose and Way Stations t8 00*
tS.OOP Santa Clara. *an Joae. Loa Uatoa.
and principal Way dutloos (ex-
cept Snnday) rS-OO*
|6-30p SanJoseandPrlncIptilWayStattoaa (9.40*
6 4SP Basset Express.— lledwood. Saa
Jose, Gllroy.Seltnaa, Paso Koblea,
San Luis obispo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demlnic. Kl P*so,
¦ St.LouK Xew Orleans, New York a in»
6.45pPaJ»ro. WatsonvtlSe. Capttola.
banta Cruz. Castrovtlle. Dei
Monte, Paclfle Uro»e 10 33«»
18-15P &au Mateo,Beresford.Ueln>ont.Saa
Carlos. i:«<lw<:<vi. Fair O«ka.
:.-"¦- Menlo Park. Palo Alto tfl.43«
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations. 835a
SOOpPalo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11 .30p Sunth San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bur
"ORiime. Sao Mateo, Belmont,
Sa& Carlos. Redwood. F»!r Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto rS 45a
•nHOPMatneld, Mountain View, Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
8*"Jo»o t3.«Si
A for Moruing. P for Afternoon. ~~*
1 Bomlny excepted. t Sunday only
«. Saturday only. • Monday only,
{btupi at all stations on SuncUr.
|j(g^|rv50jjf§^ To SAN RAFAEL,
y^^^ ROSS VALLEY,
I^^^I^^J MILL VALLEY, ¦
l^^^^j CAZADERO, Etc-
iSsfc/£»»^iSP?reS3tifl» via Sausallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally at t~-ns
7:45. 8 :•-«. 9:1O. »:5O. ll:0O i. l« all*
4:35.* 5:li. 5:50. 6:30. 7:15. 9:00 Vnd 11^
p. n.
Arrive at San Franclnco, .dally «t tfl-4o
7:35. 8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:30 a ra.* 1-30 2-s?
4:25.. 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 t£' U§
p. rn.
tPally except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. rn.: also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur.
day and Sunday at 3:15 p. m. *»«<¦««•¦•
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:15 a. m. datly — Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazadero,
5:15 p. m., dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— €50 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway^
It. S«a Traauia) ir. S»a Frtaasc*
Vk. Diji fasdijT j^258>^K Saadijt_ WklifT
- 8: a *>a j SkrSJgSti l:3Op •10:50a
9:5Oa »:5Oa\S«!SSSbW 3:55p 3:53p
1:457' 1:45p| TraSti^ j oIsSp 6^'^
£ * tai^7\ 4::53p 3»«»rd»vs 11:13p"
APVKRTlSCALEyTS.
1904-Taxesrl904
Notice is hereby riven that the taxes
on all personal property secured by real
property and one-half of the taxes on
real property will be due and payable on
Monday, October 10. 1904. and will be
delinquent on Monday. November 28.
1904. at 6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid
prior thereto fifteen per cent will be
added to the amount thereof, and that if
said one-half be not paid before the last
Monday In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m..
an additional five per cent will be added
thereto; that the remaining one-half of
the taxes on all real property will be
payable on and after the first Monday in
January next, and will be delinquent on
the last Monday in April next thereafter
at 6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to the.
amount thereof. #
That all taxes may be paid at the time
the first installment as herein provided
is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable at
the office of the Tax Collector, New City
Hall.
N. B. — For the convenience of taxpay-
ers unable to call during the day. this
office will be open continuously during
the month of November from 6:30 a. m.
to' 9 p. m., commencing Monday, Novem-
ber 1. 1904.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing laat
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWARD J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County of
San Francisco.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
iciilCAGO T |N^DAYsl
|I LEAVES DAILY ATS3OA.M.H
' lH WITH OIN£pSAND3LEEP£RS^
Other Santa P« Trains*
7 : |0 a. m. 1 For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p! m!j Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:00 i>. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— &41 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Joae.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibnron Perry, root of Market Street.
SAW FRANCISCO TO SAW KAFAEIj.
•"WEEK DATS — 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and ll:»Ii m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 8:3O. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAFASZi TO SAN FBA2TCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:05. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20, 11:11
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33, p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ) tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a »TlOa 8:40 a
' % 9:30 a Icnado. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
S:00a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:06 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
¦ I &:00 pf Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:10 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor.
T:S0a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. . ..* ; v.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a] 10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. f 7:35 p| 6:20 p
I 1 Willlts and I I
7:30 a| 8:00 a) Sherwood. | 7:35 pf 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a(10:20)a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al ft:00a| Sonoma. I 9:10 a) 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen' Ellen. ( 6:05 p( 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Bebastopol. I 7:35 p( 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
'Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdal* for the Geysers, Boone-
vtlle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
«prm*s Highland Springs. Kelse/vllle. Carl*.
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlett
Spring* and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Tlklah for Vichy Springs, -Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
UDoer Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Willlts for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood i
for Canto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cummings
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland,
Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 , Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZTER. R. X RTAN.
G*n. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. \
mooats to
AT "Tbe Almonte," 673 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c, 60c, $1. $1 60 night;
(1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
AUSTIN ave., 102. off Polk— One large sunny
front room for rent.
BELKON'D House; «v»r Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market end 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 60c per night; >1 25 to t3 week.
CLAYTON. 615. near Halght— Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, cheap; breakfast if deglred.
ELLIS, 1430 — Unfurnished rooms; fine sunny
corner house; references; moderate rent.
EDDY SKI— To Jet, nicely furnished front room
for gentleman; private family; reasonable
price.
ELLIS. 1101. cor. Gourh— Private family; large
sur.ny rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
EDDT, 604 — Nice single room; also house-
keeping room* to let.
FOLSOM. 834 — Two sunny single rooms; closet
end bath.
GOLDEN GATE, S57 — Newly furnished sunny
rooms, $2 to $5 week; hot water bath.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; Si r>0 to 55 wk.; reading-room.
GEART. 610 — Jflee rooms; elngle or double. %
HOWARD. 715— Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
HOWARD, 640 — Eunny front room; grate; $2 25 j
week; other rooms, $4 60 month UP. ;
JACKSON. 1442 — Sunny furnished rooms; pri- J
vate family: references. # j
MARKET. 1049(The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms; •
$2 f)0 to $7 week ; baths ; elevator. I
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— 400 !
wingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day. I
$2 to 18 per week; the only new and modern .
hotel sjid rooming-house In San Francisco^
that bAS office on ground floor, hct and cold |
water, electric liphts. call bells. Bteam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION, 4547. near China ave.— Three nicely
furnished tunny rooms to let cheap.
MARKET. 1104 — Furnished rooms to let.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE. 205 Perry St.. nr.
Fourth— Nicely furnished front rooms, $1 25
to f2 per week.
FIXE. 1920 — Newly furnished room; very sun-
ny: phone, gae, bath, running water.
PINE. 775— Modern, bay-window room; bath
smd phene; for one or two gentlemen.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per right. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH,- 224 — Nice, furnished rooms to let;
reasonable.
STOCKTON. 607 — Sunny tront room; quiet lo-
eaJity; clo6e in; suitable for two.
THE BT. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; SEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRO LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV- \
ICE HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT, SCI Sutter— New man-
agement; new bldg.; finely furnished,, with
hct and cold water, steam heat and baths;
fine location and reasonable rates.
TAYLOR. Ml — Large sunny room: 2 gentle-
men ; hot water bath; $14 front: back $10.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 400 j
trwinr S.V to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec- I
trie lights (no gas>. running water in every j
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage. !
VAN NEPS ave., 100S — Newly decorated and :
(urni^hfd rooms.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., nr. Market— j
Mm convenient and respectable ; 700 rooms; !
Sf>c to $1 50 nightly: $2 to $8 week; elevator; i
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage, j
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at ,
Call branch office, ccr. Duncan and Church, j
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep- i
ticn of advertisements and subscriptions has j
been opened at 100S Market St.. opposite 1
F1f:h. Oi'er. until 11 y. m. j
ROOMS ANjDJBOAIlD.
ONE large room; well furnished; running wa-
ter; conver.ienc«"Trt bath; couple, $45; cingle, j
125. 451 Devlsadero, cor. Fell; phone Page I
€77.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031, near Jefferson j
Park — Sunny furr.!she4 rooms, bath; private
house; good board; $22, two, $30 month.
A NICE runr.y room, batL. ga*. parlor, piano;
breakfast and dinner; for single gentleman; )
S2T. .per month. Box 1745, Call office. ;
COMORA <The). C21 OFarrell— Punny front i
euite. bath; single rooms; warm halls; su- j
perior table.
CALIFORNIA, 607— Best rooms, table and
tervJce in the city for the leant money.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with the
best French table board. !
HARRISON. 570— Large sur.ny front rooms, |
¦with board, for 2; $9 and $10 per week. \
HAIGHT. 2Xfl — Furnished room for gentlemen, j
with or without board.
HAIGHT, 232 — Large sunnj suite; running
mater: grate; second floor; corner house.
OFARRELL. 553— Board by the meal, week !
or rr.onth. Phone Larkin 3670.
PAGE. 25* — Room End board in private fam-
ily : $20 month.
ROOMS to let with board. Box 1901. Call.
ROOMS with board. 1161 Turk st.
ROOM &n<i board for ladies; reasonable. 364<J
Sixteenth «... off Market.
BUNNY rooms an4 board. 900 Vaa Ness ave.
FUNNY rooms and board. 1301A Devisadero.
SUNNY front rooms, board; parlor, piano,
phene. 850 Van Ness ave.
TURK. 1158 — Large sunny rooms, suitable for
1 or 2 sentlemen. with good table board.
TWO rooms furnished, with board; central.
AdJreys box 17H9. Call office.
FUNNY elegantly fur. parlor gas grate; board
2; gentlemen preferred. 2760 Pine st.
BOOKS AZTD BOARD WANTED.
A LADY convalescent desires a pleasant home
in a refined private family; rooms must be
quiet and sur.ny. Box 267. Call office.
soornro.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired; low prices; work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co.. F. Herrmann, m'gr. 606 2d st.
SEWTjgO MACHEBTES I AOT STTPPI.IES.
THE White Is king of sewing machines; runs
lightest; news lastert: wears longest; makes
both lock and automatic stitch; If you wish
to buy or rent a sewing machine and want
the best on earth, visit the new retail office
of the Whits. 815 Market st.
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2. $5. $7. $9; new, $4, $$•
drop heads. 6 drawer, golden oak, $13; rented'
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
8. M. Co.. 145 Sixth t.; tel.' Je»gle 37M.
DOMESTIC — Tbe machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: til ktr>- rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. l£l Market et., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. $8; slightly
used $Jo. $1S, $20; you know where the dolls
« wlr.£ In the window. 1051 Market et.
ALL klndi bought, cold end repairing guano-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission «t.
STORAGE AKDJ7AEEECUSES.
A —EMPORIUM Etoraire & Van Co.; furniture^
hcuwhold goods stored, moved, chlppedT 725-
T31 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1CL
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., .1 Eddy at •
j,hone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER. pr««'.;
: urr.it ur* moved, packed, shipped and ctorvd.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
nc* Pott and Pcwell st*.: teL Pri. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cora-
pan), 2320 FHlrcorc it.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
«t.; tel. Main 184a Shipping at cot rates.
STOP DKTJnCXKQ.
GUARANTEED cure; send 60c; tableTform:
mailed in claln package: has cured thou-
ranfls. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. 8.F.
TTFEWRITEHS AJTS STJPPI.IES.
AN exceptionally sood No. 2 Remington. No. 1
£m1th Premier. $25: oilier typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Tbe
Typewriter Exchange, 533 California st.
2D-EAXD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
WabsUr Trpewrltlsf Iaspoc. Co., 60S Market.
STUTTESINO AND ETAKMEEIIIO.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market^
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 8 p.m.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriasre and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of tbe publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once 'in this column
free of charge. ?
BORN.
FERGUSON — In tjfts city. November 26. 1904.
to the wife Of Frank H. Ferguson, a
daughter.
MERTES— In this city. November 21. 1904, to
the wife of P. F. Mertes, a son.
DIED.
Allen. Henry KHneschmidt, WI1-
Coffey. Louis helmina
Conley. Veranus C. Knarston. Alice I*
Dolan Catherine Koster. Thobald
Drew. Emma A. Lister. Thomas
Duwe, Wllhelmlna McGinerty, John T.
Gaffney, James P. McGowan. Joseph B.
Gaul Thomas F. McKinley. Annie
Gray J J. Reynolds, Edward J.
Gillispie, Mary J. Steengrafe Hazel E.
Hannay, Allan W. Btevenot. Julia
Harold. Charles Taylor. Mary J.
Hooten, James R, Thuesen. Johan J.
Jones Thomas D. Tyson. Joseph
Kelly Gerald E. "Wanderer Anton
Kennedy, William S. Wilson, Johana
¦ Kilduff, Robert P.
j ALLEN— In Oakland. November 27. 1C04,
Henry beloved son of Charles A. and Ade-
1 lalde V. Alien, a native of Lafayette, Cal.,
I aged 4 years. '
I COFFEY— In this city. November 27. 1904,
1 Louis Cofl>y, father of Mrs. B. G. Greer, .
Mrs. R. A. Matthews and Miss L. M. and
j Frank H. Coffey. a native of New York, •
J aged SO years.
: CONLEY— In this city. November. 26, 190t,
I Veranus C. Conley. a native of Carthage,
III., aged 55 years 11 months and 19 days.
DOLAN— In this city. November 26, 1904,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late John 1
Dolan. dearly beloved eister of Mrs. P. M. j
Gilgun and Mr«. John Keaney of Boston, |
Mass.. and aunt of Joseph P. Gilgun and
Mrs. "Everett Tubbs (nee Gllgun), a native
of County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 63 years.
(Boston papers please copy.)
JC7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at l> a. m., from the residence of |
her sister. Mrs. P. M. Gilgun, (J24 San Bruno I
avenue, thence to the Church of St. Charles >
Borromeo. where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 8:3O a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DREW — In this city, November 26, 1904,
Emma Ayers, beloved wife of Thomas C.
Drew, and mother of W. F. and Daisy Drew
and Mrs. W. H. Oougherty, a native of
Michigan. (Nevada papers please copy.)
. E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday*, at 1:30 p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 314 Octavia street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
corner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
2:30 n- m.
DUWE— In this city, November 28, 1004,
Wilhelmina Duwe. a native of Germany,
aged 60 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, |
November 29. at 10 a. m.. from the parlors J
of the H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission
1 street, near Fifth. Interment Mount 'Olivet
Cemetery.
GAFFNEY— In this city. November 26, 1904,
James P., beloved husband of Ellen Gaff-
ney, beloved son of Elizabeth and the late
Patrick M. Gaffney, and brother of John
P Michael, Kathryn and Annie GarTney. a
native of San Francisco, aged 30 years 1
month and 21 days.
IT^Krier.d* and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-da>
(Monday) at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors of
McFadd'en, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion tstreet. between Seventh ,and Eighth,
thence to St Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the j
repose of his soul, at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GAI'L — In this city, November 27, 1904.
Thomas Francis beloved son of Patrick and
Catherine Gaul.' a native of San Francisco,
agfd 3 month*.
GILLISPIE— In this city. November 25. 1904,
Mary J.. beloved wife of Thomas Gillispie.
and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Albert |
Tiseot T " J. Gillispie and the late Frank [
Gilllsrie. a native of County Cork, Ireland,
Bge«3 61 years.
CTTh* funeral will take place to-day
(Monday) from her .late residence, 1269
Tenth avenue (Sunset district), where ser-
vices will be held at 10 a. m. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. •
GRAY — In this city, November 26, 1004, John
J. Gray, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Gray, and beloved uncle of Lena and Ellen
Lock, a native of Scotland, aged 66 years
11 months and 1 day. ;
To the officers and members of Court j
Zenith No. 21 — You are hereby notified to j
attend the funeral of our late brother. J. J.
Gray, from his late residence. 8 Langton
street Tuesday, Xovembt-r 29 at 8:30 a. m.
H R. SIMON. Chief Ranger.
T. G. KLEIN. Financal Secretary.
HANNAY— In this city. November 27. 1904,
Allan W. dearly beloved son of John A.
and Loretto G. Hannay. and grandchild of
Mrs. H. Donnelly and Mrs. J. Hannay. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 6
months and IS days.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, November 29. at 1 p. m., at the
residence of his parents. 332 Missouri street,
bf-tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Inter-
ment Holy Cro*s Cemetery, by carriage. ;
HAROLD— In this city. November 27. 1904,
Charles Harold, a native of Ennls, County i
Clare, Ireland, aged SI years. ¦
E7Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains 1
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth. !
HOOTF.N— In this city. November 27. 19C4. j
James Rolla, drarly beloved sen of James ;
J. and Nettle Hooten. and loving brother of !
Mrs. Charles Selpel, Mrs. Edna Camp, Mrs. '
Albert Phinney. Crystal Hooten and Otto
Miller, a native of Ukiah, Cal.. aged 24
years 11 months and 3 days.
JONES— In this 4 November 27. 1904.
Thomas D., dearly beloved husband of Jose-
phine E. Jones, and loving father of Edith
A. and Kenneth B. Jones, and son of
Thomas Jones, and brother of William H., t
Dr. O. W.. Richard H. and Mrs. Mattle j
A. Symonds. a native of San Francisco,
aged 4b years 11 months and 14 days. j
G^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the services Tuesday,
November 29. at 2 p. m., at the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Please omit flowers. Interment
private.
KELLY— In, this city. November 26. 1904. Ger-
ald E. Kelly, beloved husband of Marie and
father of Grace Kelly, and brother of
Charles J. Kelly, Mrs. J. Ferguson and Mrs.
J. L. Kercbe\-al, a native of San Francisco,
Cal.. aged 29 years and 16 days.
E7"Friendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m., from the parlors
of Valente. Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street, near Union, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for blessing. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In Oakland. November 26. 1904,
William Stewart Kennedy, a native of Ohio,
aged (J7 years. '
KILDUFF— In this city. November 21, 1904,
Robert P., dearly beloved son at Patrick and
Maria Kilduff, a native of San Francisco.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
November 2S, at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 1126A Broadway, thence to St.
Urlgid's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9;S0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
KLINESCHMIDT— In this city, November 26.
1904. at St. Joseph"s Home, Wilhelmina
Klinf -Kchmidt. a native of Germany, aged
71 years 4 months and 6 days.
CT'Notice of funeral in Tuesday's papers.
KOSTER— In this city. November 26. 1904.
at h!« residence, 254 J /4 Fourth street, Tho-
bald. dearly beloved husband of Helena Kos- #
ter, brother-in-law of Mrs. Carolina Butter,
and uncle of Mrs. Lizzie Eyssen, Mr#. Sophie
Larsen and John Plato, a native of Copen-
hagen, Denmark, aged 05 years 11 months
and 18 days. A member of San Francisco
Btamm No. 246. U. O. R. M.. and the
Danish Society Danla No. 2, of California.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). November 29 at 12:30 p.- m-
from- the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 j
Mieslon street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street, j
for services, commencing at. 1 p. m. Cre- j
mation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
KNARSTON— In this city. November 27. 1904,
Alice Louise, relict of -the late John H.
Knarston. and daughter of the late William
and Alice Rickerby. and mother of John H.
Knarston, and elstcr of Mrs. William Ferns,
Mrs. E. Norton and William J. and Al
J Rickerby. a native of 6an Francisco.
tCTTrieiHjs- ind acquaintances are respect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. November 29, at 1 p. m., at the
residence of her slater, . Mrs. William Ferns,
122S Treat avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery ¦ by electric funeral car from
Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue at
2 p. m.
LISTER — In this city, November 28. 1904,
Thomas, beloved son of Thomas and Mary
Lister, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and 4 months.
E7FTien<Js and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 10 a. m.. at the resl-
Jaxnes McGinn. - Henry Hanten.
- V JAMBS McGINN & CO..
Formerly, With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmen
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 6(1
. dence of his parents. 108 Brazil avenue. In-
trment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
McGINERTY— In this city, November. 27. 1804.
John T. McGinerty. beloved brother or
Harry Frank and Joseph McGinerty and
SlEter'Mary Ursala of Notre Dame Convent.
a native of San Francisco, aged 40 years.
lETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of McGinn Bros. 224-226 McAllister street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGOWAN— In this city. .November 26 1WH.
Joseph E. McGowan. beloved son of Matthew
and the late Mary McGowan. and brother of
Dr E J. and M. B. McGowan . and Mrs.
Mary E. Foley. a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years 6 months and 21 days. . .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 'attend --the funeral Tuesday.
November 29, at 9 a, m., from the parlors
of Porter & White 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a
requiem high mass will bercelebrated for the
repose of his eoul,- commencing at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy N Cross Cemetery.
McKINLEY— In this city November 27, 1904.
Annie McKlnley (nee Fuller) beloved mother
of John McKlnley and daughter of the late
H. H. and Martha Fuller, and sister of
H. H. and A. W. Fuller and Mrs. R. O.
Beach, a native of Georgetown, El Dorado
County. Cal., aged 36 years. (Sacramento
. and El Dorado County papers please copy.)
EXRemains at parlors of McFadden. Mc-
Brearty & Green, 1171 Mission • street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
REYNOLDS— In this city, November. 27. 1904.
Edward J.. dearly beloved husband of tht
late Maj- E. Reynolds, and loving father of
Mrs. S. D. Haynes and Blanche B. Rey-
nolds, and brother of Andrew Reynolds, a
native of Dublin. Ireland, aged 52 years and
1 month.
E7"Remalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street.
Nctice of funeral hereafter.
STEENGRAFE— In this city, November 26,
1904, Hazel Ella, youngest and dearly be-
loved child of Herman and Lizzie Steen-
Krafe. and sister of Harry, Milton and Wes-
I ley Steengrafe, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 1 month and 10 days.
IC^Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 p. m., from the residence
of her parents. 130S Peralta avenue, off
Oortland avenue (Bernal Heights;. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
STEVENOT-r-In this city. November 27. 1904. ,
Julia Stevonot, beloved , wife of Louis ,
Sttvcnot. and mother of Aujruste Stevenot. ]
p.nd sister of Ettor and Marie Masson, and j
! sister-in-law of Eugene Stevenot. and cousin j
of Louis ICo«?ner, and nleco of Sir. and Mrs. 1
J. B. Guiot, a native of Belgium, aged 2fl (
years.
tCTNotlee of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
gomery avenue.
TAYLOR— In this city, November 27. 1904.
Mary James Taylor, beloved wife of Frank
A. Taylor, anrl mother of Gertrude Dillon
Taylor, a native of Wales, aged 34 years.
THITESBN— In this city. November 27. 1001,
Johan J. Thuescn. beloved husband of Emma
E. Thuesen, and father of Godfred C.
Thuesen, a native of Copenhagen. Denmark,
aged GO years 7 months and 14 days.
TYSON— In Nllcs. Alameda County, Cal., No-
vember 20 1004, Joseph, beloved husband of
Elizabeth Tyson, and father of Hilder. Syd--
ney and Dorothy Tyson and stepfather of !
Henry Green, a native of Niles. Alameda |
County, Cal.. aged 45 years 2 months and '
23 days.
Sn7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday). November 28, from his late resi-
dence at Nllcs. Services will be held, com-
mencing at 2 p. m. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery, Irvington. Cal.
WANDERER— In this city, November 26. 1904
Anton, beloved husband of Lena Wanderer!
and devoted father of Mrs. Annie Buck and
Clara. Emma, Frank. Lizzie, Marguerite
and Ottilia Wanderer a native of Bavaria,
Germany, aged M years 3 months and 13
days. A member of Gambrinus Verein.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday*. November 29, at » a. m from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth
thence to the Church of St. Charles Borro- f
meo. Eighteenth and Shotwell streets for
services a\ 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
M }h ii ,°^T In E^. Oaklan< l. Cal.. November 26.
10(H. Johana \\ ilson, widow of the late A B
Wilson, and mothor of Georire O Pratt'
Mrs. J. J. Mitchkus. Mrs. H. J. Oliver Mrs
M. Hiffernan and Lizzie J. Pratt a native
of Germany, aged 67 years 7 monthe and 6
days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect •
f »! Iy * n Y ltc<1 t0 atten<1 the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o clock p. m., from her late
home, oil East Twelfth street. East Oak-
land.Grateful to the United States for
th« friendship that exists between this
country and China and for the protec
tion this country has ffl ven the Celes
tial empire in a diplomatic way. Chang
Yow Tong. former secretary to the
Chinese Imperial- Commission, to . the
World's Fair, has published a volume
¦of poems that is a tribute to Ameri
can cenerofity.
At Versailles is - a^ pomegranate tree
which is said to be thevpjdest in France.
It is in an old orangery a"hd; was plant
ed in 1685. - In exceptionally warm sea
sons the tree' still' puts ( forth a few
flowers, but it has; borne no fruit 'for
many years, :t-^k' : /\ " . ; ¦«
The first electric railway for public
use in America was that of the East
Cleveland Street Railway .Company,
which was equipped in 1884. The con
ductors were, laid underground
HEBREW SOCIBTT KNTERTAINS.— Th»
seventh anniversary entertainment and dance
of the Hebrew Frwe Loan 'Association took
«lace at Lyric Hair last nirht. A. bis auril-
Abyssinia is being "wired." Some 1000
miles of telephone line have been put
up and as much more 4s being -laid.
The work. is no Joke. The rains and
the poles fell. The white ants ate up
a large collection of wooden 4 poles.
Then iron ones were put up, which the
simple native liked so well that he took
them home to use in his business. -.The
Negus stopped this amusement by pro
claiming death to the pole-pilferers.
But his royal mandate cannot prevent
the Bandarlog, the monkey, people,
from swinging in the wires; or— what
Is more delightful— the- elephant from
scratching himself against the poles.
The telephone pole is a scratching, post
for elephants- Thus does civilization
provide home comforts for -.the jungle
people. - » "
Telephone in the Jungle.
."Tim" Woodruff showed his Connec
ticut shrewdness when he was elected
Lieutenant Governor of New York. He
had to preside over the Senate, of
course, but he did not know three mem
bers^oL-that body by sigjit, and' the
prediction was that he'd be at sea, be
cause he couldn't recognize the Sena
tors when they addressed him. Timo
thy disappointed these prophets. '.He
secured photographs of each Senator
and. thoroughly memorized each" face.
As soon as the seats were drawn he
had a diagram of the room prepared
and the face of the occupant of • each
chair pasted 1 thereon.. Underneath was
Ihe | Senator's name ' in large letters.
Woodruff neyer .made a mistake and
this will explain the] mystery - of • his
success to many -persons .who marveled
at, his precision as a presiding officer.—
Chicago Chronicle);
Woodruffs Sure Method.
Arlingtons — Grant, Fitzsimmons.
Johansen, Eggerts, Barrity, Mordecai,
Rebus . Harper, Billlngsley. Avis,
Bridgeford, Daly and Mayfleld.
Brooklyna — Hilllard, Herlihy, Con
rady, Nickletts. Sullivan, Kennedy, Ca
hlll, Simpson, Smith, Dietz, Ziska, Den
nis, Jones. / - . -
The Arlington football eleven of the
Amateur Athletic League defeated the.
Brooklj'ns yesterday afternoon at the
Presidio athletic grounds by a score
of 6 to 0. The game was marked 'with
clean, fast playing on both sides and
there was an absence of slugging and
holding in the line. The Arlingtons
won through superior team play, the
work being much better than' when
they played the Cardinal . B team.
Both teams averaged about the. same
in weight. The line-up was as. fol
lows: .
Amateur Athletic League Elevens
Play Fast; Football Before a
Large Gntherinjr.
ARLIXGTOXS DEFEAT
BROOKLYXS AT PRESIDIO
A Chicago lawyer Jias Just' returned
frorn Springfield, where he had been at
tending court in a case of some impor
tance. Among the witnesses was a
physician whose excellent .professional
reputation easily withstood the fact
that on" occasion his habits took a con
vivial turfc. -,111s evidence [had. been; of
considerable value to the prosecution
and counsel for the .defense was en
deavoring to discredit the testimony.
"Now, doctor," said thV lawyer, "were
you ever drunk?" ¦ The handsome-look
ing physician sat bolt upright as he an
swered: • "Certainly not, sir." Then
he added gravely, though with a de
cided twinkle In his eye: "I have, how
ever/ on more than one -ocra^ion been
profoundly alcoholized." The Jury
laughed and the lawyer abandoned that
line of investigation.— Chicago Chron
icle." / * ' ; - :¦
Profoundly Alcoholized.
The beneficial effects of bacteria are
r\fi less interesting than the part they
play in the propagation of disease, and
a recent discovery, is that the vegeta
ble gums found on trees, such as a gum
arable, are the results of their ac
tivity.. Previous to some investigations
by Dr. S. Greig Smith of New South
Wales, It was believed that vegetable
fc'.ima were the result of the unhealthy
, or pathological conditions of the trees
on which they formed, but the entire
subject was one about which compar
atively little ' was known. Dr. Smith,
believing that bacteria produced the
gum, examined two trees from which
It exuded, and obtained two varieties
of bacteria, of which he made cultures.
Under ordinary, conditions of culture
the . formation of gum' was only sug
gested, but when tannin, a constituent
of bark, was added to the culture me
dium, a thick slime was produced in
considerable quantities. This slime was
made up of gum, a3 well as bacterial
cells and albuminoids, and by a simple
chemical process a clear, transparent
and brittle gum was obtained similar
to the arabin- derived from gum arable,
and. resembling in its essential.proper
ties the naturalfsubstance.' Dr: Smith's
conclusion was that the arabin gums
derived from trees arej bacterial and
not higher plant products, and that cer
tain constituents of the sap, under the
action of the bacteria, are changed Into
gum,, which exudes from cracks or
wounds in the bark, /or else Is carried
by the. sap to the fruit. —Harper's
Weekly. . ';¦¦; s~
Gum From Bacteria.
Vampfrrs WUi Prom Irak's in I*rac
tice AssocLiUon Footbnll Match
at Al&nieda.
Only on? of the three matches
scheduled for the 1904-1905 cham
pionship of the California Association
Football League was played yesterday.
The Albion Rovers beat the Pickwicks
6 goals to 0 at Freeman's Park.
Golden Gate. The ball was kicked off
at 2:il> p. m., Norman Logan being
the referee. „ The Pickwicks were one
man short and played with only four
men in the forward line. In the first
half the play was quite even, neither
team scoring a goal. In the second
half the Albion Rovers did almost as
they liked with the Pickwicks,- their
ripht \vin*r putting the ball into the
net Fix times. The teams -occupied
the following: positions:: ; .» •
Pickwick*. Position*. Albion Rovers.
W. T. Bowcock Goalkeeper ...; Orton
McKr* Right back Bayne
A. E. Bowcock ixft back John
Watter* It., halfback.. .Drummund
. ronilen r. halfback Anderson
.McClellfcnd L*ft halfback Haiti
Kobertson Outside rl*ht Bhand
Warren Inside right.. .McArthur
Banks C. forward.. ..AJn* worth
Ingarni Inside left W'hyl«
Moon Ouuide left Martin
U On"the ground at Webster street,
Alameda, the ¦ Vampires beat the
Espies S coals to 1 In a practice
match, James Frew being the referee.
Six goals were made by the winners
in the first period and two in the sec
ond: The teams were made up of:
Eagle* — Wa!kup. Eennett. T. Ehulte, Dirk*
<i-aptain), L»tn<-aj>t«r, Kie?r, W. Shulte Lee
Churchill. J. Croll, narrower.
Vampires— liolfe. W>lber, Petersen. Ilu-trood
• captain), Jaco,ues, Glarner. V. Holland. E.
L'.c-^nur, Ijees. Robertson, Smith.
ALJ5IOX IIOVERS DEFEAT ,
PICKWICK TEAM EASILY
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 27.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Ascot follow:
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 28.— Entries at Ascot
for Monday: ' „. tnS
First race. Slarson course — Elfin King 10S.
Cloche d'Or 103 Agnes Mack 105, Dan Collins
105 Tim Payne 102. Chief Aloha 100, Mam
mon 100. Dorice 95, Ricef ul 95.
Second race, selling, five furlongs— Sceptre
102. doverton 100. Susie Christian^ 10O. Great
Mo-ul 97. Tarn CShanter 97. Interlude 83,
Ericula i*,- Count Rudolph 83. ...-.¦
Third race, purse, one. mile — William W ri*ht
107, High Chancellor 105, Princess Tulane 102.
Mordente 90. ' -.- . ,
Fourth race. . selling-. ' two-year-olds, five and
a half furlongs— doctor C 10»,- Retador 107.
R U Johnston ldo. Lerida 102. Sportsman ».'..
Fifth race, selling, one and a. sixteenth
miles— Cinclnnatus 110. Great Eastern 107.
Tryon 1C3. Bugle Horn 101. North Pole 09.
Needful 97.
Sixth nice, sailing, one mile— James J. Cor
bett 113 Kl Orients 110. N,o Friend 110, Mc-
Gyle 110*. Iiouwelsea 105, Exapo 105. Frangible
106, Blueridze 100. The Covenanter 106. Mer
wan 105.
ENTRIES AT ASCOT.
Sixth race, six furlons*. three-year-olds,
selling. . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ; 1AA
7451 *The Lieutenant (Stover) 100
7477 'Standard (MoAle»ter) J0»>
64S6 Coroner Kelly (Jo^pbs) «»
(7«l)'MaKrane (Magrane) • JJ»
74«5 Hugh McGowen (Rowell) 108
«7465)'H. L. Frank (Cameron) 10C
74T7"VVhca Bill (Gilbert) U4
7400 Red Cross Nurse (Ross) li»
'Toupee (Clark) — 1<*>
7477 •Komombo (Parker & Thwalte)...:..l»"O
5457 Presidio (ZeHnsky) 101
6631 Dolly Vnrden (Xealon) 101
•Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, iiurse.
7403 Sea Air (McLaughlln) 103
(74(W)The Mist (Hammond) ...10-.
<7444)F.steIle J UenningH) l<v»
.... Sir Brlllar (Henshall) HO
7457 George P. McNear (Stover) 10«
>• 7438 Hooligan (Fountain) 1OJ
Fourth race, one mile, four-year-olds and
up; selling.
744tt Leush (Levy) •««
7402J. V. Klrby (Strobel) }<£
7430 'Anvil (Murray) J - tf
745l» •Scotsman J^;
7458AHopath (Lamasney Bros.) 10.
<7452)»Ripper (Ltnton) JiO
74tf6 'Mountebank (Keating) UN
7486 The Fretter (ORourke) 11«>
74»«1 Melstersincer (Henshall) HO
7437 'Bronze Wing (Fountain) 102
74.V5 Hindoo Princess (PolkK.^ JW
744S Isabelllta (McNamara) " 1W7
La Rosa defeated Lucy Clair in the
deciding course of the postponed stake
yessterday at Inglceide Coursing Park.
Freeport captured the chanipion
event and honors in the Reserve stake
were taken by Lorstta. The trials be
tween La Rosa ar.<i Lucy Clair showed
ihe two greyhpunds,/ are evenly
matched. The first was an un
decided, while the next went to La
Rosa after a close run. Freeoort was
made a 2 to 1 short end against Lost
Chord, but he led all the way and
scored an easy win. The final between
Lcrctta and The Duke was won by
th© former after a long run. The. Duke
succeeded in scoring a few early points
through the favor of the hare, but
when Loretta placed herself she never
gave her backers a chance to worry.
It was decidedly a favorite's day. The
few longshots that scored wore Kid
Clair, who dpiL. Smiler, '4 to 1;
Tamora, who bear Frank C. 3 to 1,
and Mark Twain, who. beat Fretter at
3 to 1. Following are yesterday's re
sults: . :.v-.\, ¦-.«.-;¦.. '.':¦''."''.
Reserve #take: First round— Romping Girl
beat Oid liorisMes, Sir Wiatcn beat .Prome
thpus. Frank C bat The Karl, Bright Colum
bia beat Laboring Boy. Tamora beat Limerick
lioy. Our Motto l;eat Real Duches*. Northern
AUre U.-at r.i>>ai Kritna. Firm Fellow beat
RemiF5o Aninio, The Duke beat Annie Ryne,
Commercial Traveler beat Shotfya. Fretter
heat silver Cloud, Mark Twain bent Little
Kr.;da. Peerlepu Beauty beat War Cry. Con
coro Boy beat Daisy Rocket, Humbo'dt beat
i_^'ie W. Modest iieauty beat l'oluceta. Doc
Bums b»at Lily Ycrk. Courtly Guest beat
Gallant Tipprary. Kid Clair beat fimiler. Lo
retta b?at Ragged Actor, Pa»lui Pleasant beat
Queen's Motto. Medea beat Oulda. Hacramento
Hoy tea' Frank Dunn. Young Fear'.efs beat
Rnlllnjj Jloer. . • .
Kecun<\ round — Sfr Wlnton beat -Romping
Girl. Tamora l>*at Frank C, Our Motto beat
Brieht Columbia, Firm Fellow beat' Northern
Alarm, The Duke beat Commercial Traveler,
Mark Twain beat Fretter, Peerless Beauty
heat Conecrd Boy. Moo>st H»auty beat Huri
boldt, Doo Burns heat Courtly Guest. Loretta
a by«s. Ptsha Pkasant'beat Medea. Sacramento
Boy b»"at Young Fearless.
Third round— Tsmora beat Sir Winton. Firm
Fellow beat Our Motto, The Duk« beat .Mark
TualTi, F<*e.rl«»ss Beamy beai Moiest B?auty,
1/orettR. t«at Dec Burns, Pasha. Pleasant beat
Hacramento Boy. ' •
Fourth round — Firm Fellow Leat Tamora,
The Duke beat Peerless Beauty, Loretta beat
Pasha Plsarant.
Fifth round — The Duke bt-at Flnrf Fellow.
Loratta a. bye.
Decldin; course — Mr R. Parkinsons Loretta
(Slyvamifc- Freda C.) beat P. Reilly'a Jbe
Duke (Frtter Free-Lady Grarardj.
Cham;>lon stake: First round— Lost Chord
beat Belle Free, BaiTe l»eat Choo Choo, Mount
r.oae bewt Gallant Glancer, Freeport beat
Clover Bloygom.
Second round— Lost Chord beat Barge, Free
pert beat Mount Rose.
Deciding couns<- — G. "Whalen's Freeport
Free-Port Costa Lass) beat L. Corder's
Lost Chord (Fester Fre«?-Echo).
PostDoned stake — La Rosa beat Lucy.
Deciding' course— George Nethercott's Qulta
(Rocker-Little Wonder) boat F.-Schultls' Reck
less Acrobat (Fortuna Favente-Little Beauty).
I Fourth round— Qulta beat Panoche; The .Ref
eree beat Texas Mamie; Renegade Apache beat
ApoIuh; Reckless Acrobat beat Runaway Act
ress.
Fifth round— Qulta beat The Referee; Reck
less Acrobat beat Renpgade Apache./
Third round — Quita beat Medley; Panoche
beat Rocked Asleep; The Referee beat Charter
Member; Texas Mamie a bye, Quicksand with
drawn; Aeolus a bye, Little Dainty withdrawn;
Renegade Apache beat Gold Chain; Runaway
Actrers beat Hudson; Reckless Acrobat a bye,
Una withdrawn. • ¦
Second round — Medley beat Foreet Fire;
Quita beat Crawford I?alle; Panoche a bye,
Telfowstcne withdrawn;' Rocked Asleep beat
Jigamarco; The Referee beat Glaucus; Charter
Member beat Dexter ft; Texas Mamie a bye.
Van Nora withdrawn: Quicksand beat Texas
Jill: Little Dainty beat-The Delia ; Aeolus beat
J K K; Renegad* Apache beat- Rocker Arm:
Gold Chain beat Siroc; Hudson a bye, Dorothy
M withdrawn; Runaway Aictress beat Lampre
Kel; Una beat Prestoi Reckless Acrobat beat
Snapper Garrinen*. '¦- • g,
RoBTve stake — Forest Fire beat General De
wet; Medley^bcat GWden Wand; Qulta beat
Belfast; Crawford Belle beat Royal Spirit;
Yellowstone beat Frisky Boy; . Panoche. beat
Orslna: Rocked Asleep teat Rusty; JJgamaroo
beat Gunfire,' The Referee beat Vandal; Glau
cus beat Muggsy; Dexter D beat Wedgewood;
Charter Member beat Idaho Boy: Frisky Bar
bara beat Texas Jlamie; Van Xora beat Red
Rock; Texas Jill beat Klntia; Quicksand bfat
Heal Pasha; Little Dainty beat Sylvester; The
Delta boat Carlow Boy; J E H beat Cosette;
Aeolus beat Golden Fortune; .Rocker Arm beat
Ready ,'Addresa; Renegads. Apache beat In
truder: £!roc. beat '.Rich Array; Dorothy, M
beat Foxhunter; . Goki Chain beat Chillmara;
Hudson boat Vina; Runaway' Actre«s beat Ml
Amigo; Lampre Eel, beat Tralee. Boy; Presto
beat Pasha King; Una 1 beat' In Time; 'Reckless
Acrnbnt beat Little Plunger; 'Snapper Garrison
beat Iiydja. - ' ¦ '¦' . '"' "
George Nethercott's. greyhound
proved the class of the stake at Union
Coursing P*rk yesterday, winning the
deciding course with ease. In this she
met Reckless Acrobat and .was in
stalled a 1 to 15 choice. ¦
The winner made all her trials short
ones,.rurinim; but 121 seconds throuch
out the day. Reckless Acrobat was not
so fortunate, running a total of 318
seconds.
There were a number of decided ud
sejs. Frisky Barbara defeated Texas
Mamie at 7 to 1; Van Nora beat Red
Rock at 5' to 1; Panoche beat Rocked
A'Sleep at 4 to 1, and Runaway Actress
beat Hudson at the same price. The
day's results:
Eddig Santry and Jack Cordell will
fight ten rounds to-morrow night and
there will also be a short curtain
raiser, so there wil be plenty of action.
Galley seats will be $2. There will be
a lot of 53 seats. The highest priced
seats will be ?10. The management
promises fighting and not vaudeville,
a«? the Gans affair turned out to b,e.
Battling Nelson spent a strenuous
time at his training quarters at Smil
ing Metzner's tavern, Larkspur. He
was, out at daylight and hit the high
places on the Marin rpads for fourteen
miles. A brisk rubdoWn followed. .In
the afternoon many sporting men
visited the camp. • By the time Nelson
started to work standing room was at
a premium and many spectators wj?re
turned away. Nelson wont through
5Js usual gymnasium stunts- and also
oxed four fast rounds with Eddie
Santry. The visitors were all " im
pressed at the improvement in boxing
shown by Nelson. . He says he is In
fine condition and hopes to be de
clared a winner; in about fourteen
rounds.
Sheehan's Tavern, was thronged with
visitors yesterday. At times the doors
had to be barred against multitudes
anxious to get a glimpse of the Den
verite. Corbett does not underesti
mate his adversary. Neither does
Harry Tuthiil. "Corbett has worked
hard for this fight," said his handler.
"N-elson will know he haa been in a
little trouble, win or lose. It "will! be
a fight, you can bank on that. Both
boys are honest and will go some."
• Among the celebrities who paid
their respects to the camp were Harry
Corbett and Billy Jordan, the Ned.
Greenway of the squared circle. ,The
veteran announcer said he never saw
a fighter so fit as Corbett looked yes
terday.
Young Corbett and Battling Nelson
have practically completed their train
ing for to-morrow night's contest in
Woodwards' Pavilion before the Hayes
Valley Club. A desperate encounter
seems inevitable, as Corbett is anxious
to win quickly, while Nelson expresses
confidence in his ability to go at any
pace Corbett may elect to set.
Nelson boxed fqur fast rounds with
Eddie Santry yesterday, but Corbett
took to the road both morning and
afternoon. The weight question is ap
parently worrying the Corbett camp.
Trainer Harry Tuthiil says his man
will be comfortably inside the required
notch to-night. - The Denverite will
take things easy to-day. He may tear
on* a few miles of the dusty pike, but
he will do no heavy grind.
The men who will be in Corbett's
ccrner when the gong sounds to-mor
row night were decided upon yester
day. They are: Frank McDonald, Billy
Otts, Benny Garson and Harry Tut
hill. . ;/
Third race. Futurity course, two-year-olds,
Belling. „,_
7427 Lena Leford (Davis) 113
6736 Marie J (Jones) JCS
7475 »Ara (Steven* & Son) J«»
7475 Mabel Bittes (Strobel) J«J
7473 'Macene (Ezell) 1J»
7444 »Meada (Blar.ehl & Co.) I* 1
7450 'Glendene (Summers) }}*>
7427 Herthu* (Gilbert) J«j
7450 Vel (Hamilton & Co.) 108
7475 Edrodun (Lasorla & Forbes) 108
745tf »LUy Goldlng (Stantteld) ....*. .AM
7401 »Edna Sullivan (Piedmont Stable)/ MM
Champion Event Goes
to Game Freeport.
LA ROSA A WINNER
AFTER AN UNDECIDED
Quita Easily Wins Re
- .serve Stake, -u
SACRAMENTO HOUND
IS FLEET COURSER
Question of Weight
Does Not Worry
Denverite.
HEN '"OnBKTT ANIMNELS03 VVT UP THEIR GLOVED HANDS IN WOOD WA HITS PAVILION TO-MORROW NIGHT THERE
WILL Bli BUT WIGHT DISPARITY IN THKIR P. EACH AND HEIGHT. AS THEY ARE BUILT ON THE SAME GENERAL.
LINES. THE- PHOTOS ARE BY DANA & PETERSEN.
and tournament won. Kenyon came
back strongly in the fourth set and
fo.uprht hard to keep from going down
to defeat. It was nip and tuck through
out this set, which Kenyon finally wcjn
by a score of 9-7.
'"Dick" Adams gave M. Little tre
mendous odds and by playing a steady
game won in straight sets. Adams
owed "IS." while Little was """30 3-6"
above scratch.
George Cutter (15 3-6) beat Will Col
lier (owe 15) in a clo«e three-set match-
In th^ third set Collier led at 2-0, but!
Cutter won the next six games. Col
lier had a lead of 5-3 in the first set.
Janen beat M. Long two sets out of
tiree. Long: received owe odds of 15.
Janes also beat Cutter. The odds wore
the same as in the Cutter-Collier
match.
The fourth class players had an inn
ing yesterday on the jiark courts. Thir
ty-two entered the competition, which
was finishr-d down to the third round
v, ith one exception. Darns and Martin
postponed their second »round match.
The seven players who reached the
third round sre Peck. Fuller. Martin,
Turner. Veritano. Brown, and Miller.
The scores follow:
First round— C. II. HJngJeton beat M. K.
Levin by tit fault: M. A. Peck beat H. Leech,
6-0. »>-I ; W. W. Fullf-r beat L. Ounst by dr
faull; M. K. Edwards t*at A. Trlllanee. «;-!.
«-l; M. P. Martin beat H. Allan. 4-0. ti-3, C-:i,
\. M^rgulre boat G. E. Sweeney. 6-4, 6-3; F.
U'cnccbers b*-at C. K. Allan, <i-J; l-t>. 8-6; E.
TurniT bf-at V. \Y. Ktras by default: S. Ham
ilton iwat i. J. Wallac-e by default; H. C. Ven
t-«:5<. I), a i W. liochc. <S-O, «J-3; n. Brown beat
F. Finn. «-:!. 6-.":: \V. Howcll beat L. Joseph.
«-2. O-4: J. «*. Darns beat C II. TrullinRer by
«c!au!t: M. H. Martin beat H. Geti. «-3, «-2;
M. Cri hto;i beat C. fi. Quick by default; H. P.
ifcil^r beat h. R. Manin. C-3. ii-2. Second
round— I'eck beat ginjrlcton. 6-2, 0>l; Fuller
beai Edwa:<«s. «-3. fe-<5; Martin r#at Mfrgulre.
•i-4. <.-<: Turrr beat Woilr ntxrjf. 7-o, 6-2;
Vensano ix-at Hamilton. «;-<>. «J-4; Brown beat
Ilowctl. «>4. U-S.. 6-3; Miller b»>at Crichton,
fi-6. «-«j. O-2. .<?. .
Cajif>3rnla Club «hajw!ic-ap single*) — S. H.
Adams (owe 151 beat M. Little (MM); C-4.
7-5; Gfcrge Jznte (owe l."»> t>eat Melville Lone
<r«-8trh). <V.''. 2-fi, O-2; George Vuttrr (.IS »1-C)
heat Will Collier- <owe U), 7-5. «-S, «>2. .Scini
linale—Al tL«nyou (10) beat Adame (owe 15),
S-4J, 2-«. 0-4; Janes lowt 15) beat Cutter
CIS 3-C). 6-3. e-3. F1na.I*^-Ttrnycn «I5) vs.
Jane* <o»-e 16), 6-2, 2-«, O-fi. a-7 fpo«tpyned).
Second race, one mile, four-year-olds and up,
selllr.gr- S
7474 Mis* Culver (Van Bokhelen) 107
.... Follow Me (Mozier) 1<^
7477 *Monla (Ezell) !«*
7470 Achilles CMcCabe) U<>
7452 'Estado f(Tanner) 1J«
6677 Joe John (Devln) 1"J
4658 Rainier (Creely) J«J
7307 Badly Used (Vlvell). .-1«>J
7452 •Glenrice (Fitzgerald & Cree) 102
7453 Chickadee (Rafour) »«•
7470 Morengo (Maryland Stable) 107
The handicap singles tennis tourna
ment commenced on Thanksgiving day
at the California Club courts was com
pleted yesterday all but one set. In
the final match Al Kenyon and George
Janes had each won two. sets when
darkness sot in and put a stop to play.
Kenyon won the first eet 6-L'. Janes
took the second set by a similar score.
The third set Janes won without losing
a grame and it seemed he had the match
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
practice shoot— P. A. Paulson 308. W. Guild
322, J. Logue 321, R. S. -Wixson S80, L. V.
Fratea 34«. '
Oolden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition— Plrtol re-entry: M. J. White. »4,
01 91. 00 84; M. Kolander. 82, Si.", 81. Revol
ver re-entry: W. O. Prlchard. Wi. 03. l>0, 89;
n Frahm. 61, 80, 87, XS; R. Summorvllle. 87.
Klfie re-entry match: W. F. Blasse, 225, 210,
200; M. 'F. Blasse, 223- M. Kolander, 211, 213;
D. B. Faktor, 219. 213, 209.
Company A, Veteran Reserves. N. G. \C.
monthly medal shoot, 20O and 300 yards— F.
E. Covey, 21, 11; J. Donovan, 19, 13; Lieuten
ant J. C. Darnell. 17, 3; J. Chalmers, 17. 4;
E. G Carr. 18, 4; Corporal A.' J. McKewan,
14, 0; J. McCoy. 12 3; J. Duesler, 11 — ; J.
Shearer, S, 4; II. Carlson, 9, 6; E. Sherburne,
15, 6: E. Warren, b, — ; Corporal XV. Dressier.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal Bhoot — First champion class, Herman
Huber 420: second champion class. F. Rust
410; first class, John Peters 414;. second class,
not filled; third class, August Westphal 386;
fourth class, D. Stegemann 331. Best first
shot, F. P. Schuster 25; best last shot, Her
man Huber 24. : °? ••";¦¦
San Franoisco Schuetzen Vereln. monthly
buliseye shoot— H. Bornholdt 134, D. B. Fak
tor T2i, Lieutenant 1). Salfleld KS1, F. P.
Schuster 357, Lieutenant L. Barrier 461, Captain
H.» Stelllng 575. Charles F. Thierbach KJO, D.
Durtker «47 John de Wit 661, John Peters 792.
A. Jungblut 845, S. Heino 847, F. Henzel
«05. G. Gunther 830, F. Brandt 003.. Otto
Lemcke 004. F. Rust 931), A. Westphal O6S,
A. Bertel!«en 1020, H. Huber 1004. Monthly
competition shoot— E. Doell ISO. G. H. Bahrs
205. S. Heino 104, A. Lemalre 157. C. F.
Thlerbach 218. A. Westphal 193, F. P. Schus
ter 210, A. Schaefer 153, Henry Meyer 208,
J. Gefkcn l!>0. F. Brandt 218, O. l>mcke
187, D. Halfleld 203, F. Hensel 14(1, H. Zecker
204, Captain H. Stelllng 214, A.'; Jungblut 1»5.
A. BerteUen 11H).
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— N*. Ahrens 128 points, F. Brandt 277,
A. Jungblut 328, D. B. Faktor 410. W. F.
Bla*v 500 M. Kolander 839. M. F. Blasse 740.
H. Huber 872, Charles F. Thierbach S70, F. P.
Schuster 102a. B. Jonas 1322, H. Bornholdt
1090, G. H. Bahrs TiW.
A soft, pleasant light, so dear to the
eyes of the marksmen, greeted the rifle
men who assembled at Shell Mound
Park yesterday for the purpose of com
peting at the various events wtych
were scheduled at the range.
N. Ahrehs, the weir known expert
with the rifle, carried off the honors
of the day In the matches for center
shooting. In the competition/ of the
Germania Club he scored the fine cen-,
ter of 128 points. This was supposed
to be a true center until put to the
test of the measuring machine. >,
Herman Huber made a good score in
his medal shoot at the Norddeutscher
Club, runninc up the. excellent total of
430 rings in his 20-shot string.
¦, M. J.. White of the Golden Gate Club,
the consistent pistol shot, ¦ was In good
form and made the high average of 92
rings in his four 10-shot records.
The laurels for rifle practice in the
Golden Gate Club was carried off by
\V. F. Blasse, who scored 223 rings in
his 10-shot string. The day's results:
Finals Are Postponed
Nearly a True Center
DARKNESS
MARS TENNIS
AHRENS MAKES
HIGH MARK.
In the fifth race on the card at Oak
land this afternoon Sir Brlllar, the
crack of the Henshall stable, will meet
The Mist, Estelle J, Hooligan, George P.
McNear and Sea Air, about as useful
a cluster of two-year-olds as can be
brought together. Sir Brillar has per
formed on both the Eastern and Chi
cago tracks and alway3 gave a credit
able account of himself in fast com
pany. The sextette should furnish a
great contest.
There will be a meetingp'of the stew
ard§ of the New California Jockey Club
to-morrow evening at 23 Kearny street.
Two handicaps are down for decision
this week, one on Wednesday and the
other to be run Saturday next. 'Each
is of the value of $000.
Helgesen is displaying good form in
the saddle and the blonde rider is rap
idly becoming a public favorite!
Charley Patterson is waiting for Bos
coe Coleman to grow an inch or so be
fore letting him accept many mounts.
Roscoe was East the past summer and
returned still a member of the paper
weight division.
The fractured collar l\pne sustained
by Jakie Jones while doihg a trick bi
cycle act is mending rapidly and he
will be able to don the colors in an
other week,. The entries for to-day's
races: . "
First race, six furlonge. three-year-olds and
up, telling: ~" : r.«^
724!» •Uoi.irtnGer (Kitzgerald & Cree) 104
7407 Munro (Fox) ! ". 103
7451 Ishtar (Josephs) ,...109
7451 'Revolt (Ruiz) 1«»
74«7 »Yo-No-Se (Shane) 104
7120 Crlgli (Polk) ....103
731C 'Military (Mcnahan) 10*
7474 Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) 108
Langford James (Cotton) 105
7469 Mocorlto (Wellman) H*
74BU 'Doublet (Fountain) 104
7437 'Educate (Hoppas) 1<>*
First race— Doublet, Mocorlto, Foxy
Grandna. .
Second' race — Follow Me. Estado,
Glenrice.
Third race— Meada, Ara, Macene.
Fourth race — Ripper, .Mountebank,
Bronze Wing.
Firth race — Sir Brlllar, The Mist,
George I*. MeXear.
Sixth race-^-H. li. Frank, Whoa BUI,
Toiiiiee.
BY FRED E. MULHOLJiAND.
FORM SHOWN
BY HORSES
Stewards of the Jockey Club Meet
•*;; To-Morrow Evening.
enes applauded the different acts in th» pro
gramme. Later the ~«ntlr» company Joined
In a social dance. - f • ¦..
SIR BRILLAR WILL MAKE
HIS DEBUT AT OAKLAND
NELSON BOXES WHILE CORBETT IS ON THE ROAD TWICE
CORBETT AND NELSON PUT FINISHING TOUCHES ON THEIR PREPARATION FOR TO-MORROW NIGHT'S FISTIC BATTLE AND EACH EXPRESSES THE UTMOST CONFIDENCE IN HIS ABILITY TO DEFEAT HIS OPPONENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,, NOVEMBER .28;. 1004.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r HORNADAY
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER
Room 20, 719 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
oneIne
horse best
WIREJET
ts^- «a_ My One- Horse-Wire 13
/S^r-jjajj^jr™^ strictly a nne-huf3e-
fcfafbPWBCy per - day pruriosition.
HBsS^™ Daily it names the ONE
HORSE I consider the day'* ONE
BEST RET at Oakland and NO OTH-
ERS. Twenty years' experience as a
Track Expert having convinced mn
that the surest way to beat the races
is to restrict one's operations to the
ONE SAFEST PLAY OF THE DAY. I
make It a rule to find that OXE SPOT
and to center the attention of my cli-
ents THERE. Naturally my advertis-
ing is devoted to the exploitation of
this daily One-Best-Bet, and my pub-
lished records make reference to this
single daily betting proposition, only,
whether it WINS OR LOSES.
All One-Horse-Wire clients are sup-
plied, without extra charge, with my
full card, naming all other good bet-
ting propositions that I discover from
. day to day. The full card has. to date,
given to win 60 per cent of the win-
ners at Oakland. None of these winners
are borrowed and inserted in the rec-
ord of my One-Best-Bet-of-the-Day. I
DELIVER THE GOODS, and I can
afford to admit having given a losing
One-Best-Bet on such rare intervals
as I. do. Besides. I have such a large
clientele that misrepresentation would
be suicidal. **?
Copies of past daily messages, as
issued to all clients, always on file for
inspection.
A $20 Play
•Past Two Weeks
o — (i
Twenty dollars invested daily on
my OXE-BEST-BET-OF-THE-DAT at
Oakland since the beginning of the
meeting, two weeks ago, has netted a
clean profit of $330.
Here is the record COMPLETE of
every STARTER given by me aa MY
ONE-BEST-BET-OF-THE-DAY since
the Oakland meeting began. EVERT
LOSER is accounted for. as well as
every winner. On days when no hors»
is accounted for it was either Sunday
or my selection did not start. A show-
ing Is made of the result of a |20 flat
7XBST W2ZE.
Nor Horse. Odds. Resutt.'Won.Lott.
14 — Pelham ... 3 to 5 Won $ 13 ...
15— Revolt lOtol Wbn SCO ...
IS— Ishlana ... ltd Won 20 ...
17 — D. Carina. . 2tol Won 4ft...
19 — BomVd'l -13 to 5 24 .<\. $23
SECOIIB WEEiC.
21 — Estelle J - • 6 to 5 Won 24 ...
22 — H J. Frank 3 to 1 2rt 20
23 — Mindano . . 6 to 1 Won 120 . .
24 — Gold Honey 8 to 5 3d 20
25 — Vesnvian . • 6 to fi Won 24 ...
Totals S44O SCO
Net Gain in Two Weefcs S38C
My One-Best-Bet to-day Is a cop-
per-lined cinch at about 4 to 1 in the
betting. The track will, be muddy
and this one "loves it." Besides he
has worked three-quarters In better
than 1:14 within three days. and. as I
held a, watch on ALL tlie entrica far
this race. I KNOW my horse can win
"laughing." He'll come home champ-
ing on the bit at about 4 o'clock this
afternoon, and If you' don't have a
bet down you'll have only yourself to
blame. •
My One-Best-Bet Saturday did not
start, for private reasons, but • this
one goes positively. In fact, the bulk
of his owner's commission was wired
away last rrtght. AND NO MISTAKES
WILL BE MADE.
• TUESDAY I'm sointt to cut another
melon like Revolt, 10 to l.'WOX, which
•was my- One- Best- Bet-oi-the-Day on Nov.
15. and Mlndano. 6 to 1. WON', which was
• my One-Bast-Ect-of-the-Day i last "Wednes-
day . To-morrow ray- One-Horse-jxr-Day
wire will hand out for the BIflGEST
PLUNGE OK THE MEETING a likely 10
to 1 shot that ha3 been "preDDed" under
cover with a sole view to landins a big
wager for his ow-ner. who bets all: his
.money away .from* the track. This one
has shown me the fastest early morning
trial I've vet tlm»d at Oakland. The -re-
markable thins about him is that on looks
you wouldn't consider htm even a remote
possibility. He's no black. Klossy. ' lonjt-
tailed. barrel-belMed. • thlck-flankevl. arch-
necked steed, the kind that takes blue rib-
bons at the horse show. Xot he! He's
gaunt and shagry. with a-ew» neck and a
head like a hammer— all race horse. «very
Inch of him. trained to the minute and an
Al bettine oroDOsition every time hi»
owner mit.« hU checks down. 1! you m»t
this' speed-ball in a hayfleld you'd probably
take him for a broken down plowhorse that
outlived his usefulness, and that's why
there'* always a fat price chalked against
his chances^ — bis looks prepos?<>ss th« public
axalnst him. To-morrow he'll be «ent for
the coonsklns. and HE'LL BRING THEM
HOME! H«'s a natural 10 to 1 shot.
TERMS: $10 Y/eefclj; $35 Monthly.
>) (Trial Daily Wire $2)...
Office open from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. for the
booking of subecrlDtions. which can bm
done by messenger or mail If you can't
cal* In person. Message ready for delivery
-at 10 - 30 a. -m. Out-of-town orders wired
early. Telegraph your subscription it out
of town.
O : — O
Notice of Removal
On Tuesday we will be installed
in our new. commodious quarters.
Suite 224. Parrott Building. No.
825 Market Street.
o — oVictim of Accident Dies.
I Mrs. Juha Stevenot, who was acci
i dentally shot on Saturday by her
¦ brotner-in-law, Eugene Stevenot, died
last night at the Central Emergency
Hospital. The, man is still held on
• the detenue book at the City Priso'n
and may be charged with Manslaugh
ter. The accident occurred while
, Stevenot. was explaining the workings
', of a small magazine -rifle which he
¦ thought .was not" loaded. The bullet
• tore through the woman's abdomen.
I Girl Baby Comes Into the World
While Mother Hastens to Lylng-
In Institution.
Passengers on a north bound Fill
more street car last night were in
j voluntary attendants at the birth of a
I baby girl. The child was born at the
1 corner of Fillmore and Halght
! streets. The mother is Mrs. Annie
Jennings of 1750 McAllister street.
Mrs. Jennings was on her way to the
: Alexander, Maternity Hospital when
the little girl made her adveiifknown
. by audible cries. ' The mother and
; babe were cared for at the Central
i Emergency Hospital.
MISTAKES A STREET CAR
FOR MATERNITY HOSPITAL.
W. J. . Ahern Jr. entertained the
Delta Social Club at his home. 415^
Grove street, on Tuesday evening,
November 22. Music and dancing
supplied the entertainment, at which
were present Miss P. Neth, Miss A.
Wadman, Miss I. Sturtevant, Miss E.
Becker, Miss E. Sturtevant. Miss N.
Farrell. W. Ahern, F. Ahern, A. Bes
by. C. Carroll, N. Wallace, L: Fitz
patrick, C. Quinn and It. McNally.
The floor was under the manage
ment of A. J. Schwlnghr, assisted by
Miss E. Lally.. Miss Conway, Miss
Coyle, Miss Flanigan and Miss Mc-
Mahon.
The Amouret Club gave a dinner at
the St. Francis on November 20.
These affairs are given by the club
every month and are very pleasur
able.
The M. M. C Club gave its second
anniversary dance on the evening of
November 12, in Twin Peaks Hall.
Those who shared in the evening's
pleasure were Mr. and Mrs. H. Cordes,
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Peden, Mr. ami
Mrs. O. Mannel, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Bilay, Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Albert!,
Mr. and Mrs. . I* Alberti, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Wagner, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Stapleton, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Irvine, Mr. and. Mrs. Batchel
der, Mr. and Mrs. Falkenstein, Mr.
and Mrs. D. E. Murden, Mr. and Mrs.
R. E. Fazackerley, Mr. and Mrs. F.
Barry. Misses Hicks, Campbell, Out
sen, H. Maas, Mr. Ratto and Mr.
Quallman.
The California School of Mechani
cal Art Alumni will give its annual
dance on December 8, at Golden Gate
Hall. Those having the affair in
charge are Jack Hammond, Carrie
DInsmore, William Heitmuller, Wal
lace Scott, May Heilman, Yvonne
Greer, Roy McLellan, Louis Gilbert,
Grace Hortop, Louis Steller, Mary
Kaeding and James Walsh.
The T. J. T. Social Club gave a
pleasant dancing party in Devlsadero
Hall on November 23. Leading the
grand march were Miss Phoebe 1 Coyle
and -Walter H. Sullivan.
CXiUB PARTIES.
Southern California and art registered
at the Palace. Upon his arrival at
the hotel yesterday mornlngr Pollok
was pleasantly surprised to find on a
table in his apartment an elegant set
of crystal ware, presented to him 'as a
token of esteem by the employes of tho
St. Francis HoteL
DECOY CAUSES ARREST.— William J.
Copeland was arrested yesterday at the City
Prison when he called to Bee a friend In jail.
Copeland Is wanted by the Santa Clara au
thorities ' on a charge of robbery. Martin
Frazer, whom Copeland called to see. was
used to capture him. In Frazer/ s possession
wac found a loaded revolver and the police
have since ascertained that he was starting
out on a hold-up expedition.
Builds up all the waste tissue ot tha
kidneys. Lash's Bitters. •
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60o flask. Richard Sc Co.. 406 Clay.*
YOUTHFUL RUNAWAYS.— Harold *od Al
bert Butler, respectively S and 0 yeaxs of ass.
and residing at 1727 Thirteenth street. Oak
land, were arrested at th» ferry building last
nixht by Policeman Slattery oa a cbarge ot
having run away from home.
Dtarnett's Vanilla Extract nili
and highly indorsed by all leading hotel*. •
CHILDRKN'S HOSPITAL. BENEFIT.— A
mandolin musical* will be Riven this evening
at Native Sons' Hall for the benefit of the
Children's Hospital, when several original
numbers will be rendered, among them being
an Italian lute quartet (for the first time In
this country) and a plectrum qnartet, which
will render some of the classics. Several well
known singers will contribute high-class vocal
selections.
Should read the analysis of the New
York Life financial methods in November
number of the Era Magazine. "Ten cents.
All news stands. •
Life Insurance Men
An entertainment, with distribution
of prizes to the pupils who attended
the school of physlclal culture of the
Verein Eintracht Turn Section, was
given at Verein Hall, 237 Twelfth
street. last night and was followed by
a dance. Previous to the awarding of
the prizes an exhibition performance
was given by Professor H. C. Stahl
and his pupils. This feature of enter
tainment was enthusiastically ap
plauded by the many Germans pres
ent.
Verein Distributes Prizes.
Former State Senator A. F. Jones
and wife of Oroville, are at the Palace-
F. Armbruster, auditor of the Dia
mond Match Company's road at Chico,
is registered at the Palace.
Colonel John— J. O'Connell of the
Thirty-first United States Infantry,
and his wife j.nd daughter are at the
Occidental.
W. B. Mllliken, a prominent mining
man of Denver and B. Brooks, superin
tendent of the Western Union Tele
graph Company in New York, and their
wives are registered at the Palace.
Bishop M. C. Harris, head of the
Episcopal church in Japan, who has
been in the East for several months,
returned yesterday on his way to the
Orient and is staying at the Occiden
tal. -
Among the arrivals at the Palace
yesterday were Mr. and Mrs. James H-
Kirk of Cananea, Mexico. Kirk Is as
sociated with Millionaire Green In the
biggest of the mining properties in
that 'section of Mexico.
Jacob Schiff, the , New York banker
and his party of British financiers left
yesterday for Monterey. Before de
parting 1 , the party visited Golden Gate
Park, and spent an hour-there viewing
the various points of interest.
Allan Pollok. formerly manager of
the St. Francis,- and the Misses Pollok,
returned yesterday from a visit to
W. J. Dawson of Philadelphia is at
the Palace.
Colonel D. H. Bryant of San Jose is
at the Grand.
Attorney Frank Freeman of Willows
is at the Lick.
S. G. Baldwin, a mining man of
Goldflelds, Is at the Palace.
J. S. McCandless, a wealthy resident
of Honolulu, is at the St. Francis.
The directors of the St. Francis
Hotel are said to have finally selected
a new' manager in the person of T. J.
Talty of Washington. He will, unless
the present arrangements fall through,
assume charge of the new hostelry on
the first day of the coming year.
Talty has been managing the Hotel
Raleigh of Washington for several
years and was previously connected
with the Palmer House of New York.
He recently cam© to San Francisco,
registered at the St. Francis under tha
assumed name of J. O. "Wilson and
spent several days looking over tha
hotel and conferring with the directors.
He left three days ago for Washington
with the understanding that he would
resign his position there in time to
enter on his new duties here on Janu
ary 1.
T. J. Talty of the Raleigh Hotel "of
Washington Agrees to Accept
the Position.
PERSONAL.
ST. FRAXCIS DIRECTORS
SELECT .YEW MANAGER
We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful gallery for the exhibi
tion and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels, etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially
invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
A 'New Art Gallery.
Miss Lillian Lubben, whose marriage
to H. William Westerfeld will take
place next week, was given a larce eu
chre party a few days ago by her sister.
Miss Alma Lubben. There were pres
ent about seventy-five guests.
Miss Frieda Buchholz was given a
pleasant surprise party by her mother
on the evening of November 19.
The home at 333 Grove street was
decorated for the occasion which was
made enjoyable with dancinsr and
games, and those who participated
were: MIfs Frieda Buchholz, Miss Lena
Sablatschan. Miss Gertrude Leonhardt.
Miss ElBie Buchholz, Miss Ida Schmidt,
Miss Laura Sablatschan. Miss Minnie
Harris. Miss Laura Custer, Miss May
Leonhardt, Miss Olive Bail. Miss Anita
Brune. Miss Kate Sablatschan. Mrs. A.
D. Hawley. Mrs. G. S. Buchholz.
Charles Attinger. Henry Nil). George
Ducker, George Bernaud. Otto Haus-
Bler. Paul Leonhardt, Adolph Guddihus,
Charles Baltzer. Ernest Nuhrenburer.
Rudy Lierck, Henry Leonhardt. Leo
Lausten. Phil Left, Maurice Harris.
Charlie Scaif, Harry Lauton. Gus Buch
holz.
Mrs. Walter Byron Webster will eive
a large whist party on December 1
at her home on Bush street. The af
fair, which is given for her two mat
rons of honor, Mrs. Adam Hennisch
and Mrs. L. C. Plstolesi. is one of
several that Mrs. Webster has planned
for the season. Mrs. Pistolesl has re
cently returned from the East.
Mrs. Robert TibbittB gave a lunch
eon last Wednesday in honor of Mrs.
Henry J. Smith (Marion Healey), at her
home, 563 Stelner street.
Covers were laid for the followlne:
Mrs. Ned Mendall, Mrs. Edward Rec
ords. Mrs. Clement Wilder. Mrs. Will
Squiers, Mrs. William Hannieran. Mrs.
Eugene Duffy, Mrs. Robert Tibbitts.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Meyer gave a very
delightful party to their daughter
Mamie on the occaBlon of her
eighteenth birthday,- November 15.
The Meyer home at 518 Jersey
street was decorated In Dink and
white, the house presenting a very
attractive appearance.
The guests passed a very enjoyable
evening and" the young guest of honor
will long remember the occasion
which brought so much pleasure.
Games and dancing continued until
long after midnight, at which hour
supper was served. Those who par
took of Mr. and Mrs. Meyer's hospi
tality, offering congratulations to Miss
Meyer, were Miss Dora Banz. Miss
Belle Banz, Miss Hazel Welch, Miss
Lena Hey, Miss Lucy Moeller, Miss
Sadie Mathleu, Miss Victoria Bender,
Miss Dora Bender, Miss Gertrude
Bender, Miss Rissie Richmond, Miss
Millie Stanley. Miss Sophie Fuhs. Miss
Mamie Meyer, August Wobber, Joe
Xideroet, C. C. Stlllwell. Will Curtis.
Herbert Curtis, Henry Meyer, J. H.'
Kelley, Fred J. Salcedo, Will Fischer,
Otto Schulthise, Mrs. Cranert, Mr. and
Mrs. C. L. Hulse. Mr. and Mrs. H. B.
Harman. Mr. and Mrs. W. Akmann,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Meyer.
HOME PARTIES.
Mr. and Mrs- Charles Hahn announce
the engagement of their daughter. Jo
sephine, to Eugene N. Dentz. They
will receive on Sunday, December 4,
from 2 o'dook to 5 o'clock at 34 Hoff
arenas.
Mr. and Mrs. L Schragge announce
the engagement of their danghter,
Robc. to Edward Levy.
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Roemer announce
ENGAGEMENTS.
The Alameda German comedy play
ers presented "Grossstadtluft" (city
manners) at the Columbia last night
to a large audience. Throughout the
dainty little comedy was well enacted.
Otto Rauchfuss, as Martin Schroter,
made a big hit. Etta Eiben was very
pretty and fetching as Sabine, and
Bruno Burkhardt was thoroughly up
to-date in the leading role of Fritz
Flemmlng. . . i
The first nlghters at the Orpheum
wore out their glove$ last night wel
coming this week's bill. Rosner, the
leader of the famous Hungarian
orchestra, sprang a lightning hair
growing stunt on the Tyce and Jer
mon team that plunged the house Into
a sea of gigeles. The "Awakening of
the Toys" skiOmore than made good
and the Josselyn Trio's "Pictures In
the Air" created a startling effect.
"Finnlgan's Ball," with its Hibernian
comedians, pretty girls, and catchy
songs was greeted at the California
Theater last night. The audience
seemed glad to see ¦ the old favorite
back again and the result was a volley,
of applause after each song, dance or
joke that made a hit, and there were
many. Edward F. Gallagher and J.
J. Barrett, two San Francisco boys who
perform in the leading roles, were met
with a bunch of floral offerings and
cries of welcome as soon as they
stepped upon the stage. Their work
in the comedy roles was high class and
each had a number of new jokes to
unload In rapid-fire order. They re
ceived good support from the balance
of the company. The specialties Intro
duced were exceedingly clever, especial
ly the Indian dance in the second act-
The chorus, though small, Is away
above the ordinary and makes up for
its lack in numbers by its unity. The
show will continue for one week.
As usual, Dora de Flllippe as Angela
and Edith Mason as Piola did excellent
musical service, both singing unusually
well. Miss Mason in the white satin
breeks looked scrumptious, and with the
Amazons, headed by Aimee Leicester —
who got a hand all to herself on her
stunning get-up— aroused no end of en
thusiasm in her song, "The Lad Who
Leads."
Schuster has a good song as Mudge,
the court chamberlain, "Look In the
Book and See," and sings it gallantly.
Teddy Webb does the Dr. Fizz enjoy
ably, and Bessie Tannehill Is a good
Queen Lil. Mr. Stelndorff, the chorus
and orchestra were in fine fettle, and
the production is evidently booked for
a long run.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Certainly Wlllard Slmms has not the
suave, inimitable way ot drawling
through the part that Hitchcock had.
but no one need fear spoiling the Hitch
cock Dodo by seeing the Slmms. It is a
laughable conception, odd, snappy, and
full of drollery. And In a day or so it
will be funnier, as it will be easier — not
that Mr. Slmms 1 performance was not
perfectly smooth and letter perfect. He
has some up-to-date gags In which the
hand of that veteran gagster Ferris
Hartman appears, and his sones are as
usual given with all point and flavor.
The performance was the occasion
also of the debut of a new soprano.
Miss Irene Outtrim. who appeared as
the Annette of the cast. Miss Outtrim
is pleasing, though not remarkable in
any way, dancing lightly and singing
fairly well through her part. As It was
Miss Outtrim's first American appear
ance, however, one iriay safely wait to
judge of her capacities, and meantime
Miss Outtrim was quite favorably re
ceived by her audience.
The production strikes first as a pro
ductidn. It might hav&come In a band
box from New York. 'It is glltteringly
smart, crackles with newness. There
Is nothing 'of the shows of yesterday In
"King Dodo." To a slipper everything
is as handsome, smart and fresh as.it
can be. The scenery, with particular
reference to the first "back drop," a
summer sea with ships and lightly
clouded sky, Is exceptionally pictur
esque. In fact, they have done what
they promised, outdone "The Torea
dor."
One has been given to saying, when
a New York production comes along:
"Oh, yes, the thing is all right now,
but wait till the stock companies get
hold of it. It is likely we said the same
about "King Dodo." Chiefly one would
be thinking about Raymond Hitchcock
a^ the king when we said it. That,
however, was before Mr. Slmms came
to the Tivoli.
He would have been rash who two
years ago would have said that the
Tivoli would rival a Henry Savage pro
duction. " Last night they so did, how
ever, in their production of "King Do
do." The two thousand strong that
gathered at the theater evidently ex
pected it. The opera made many friends
when Mr. Savage presented it here with
Raymond Hitchcock. . The songs stay
ed here — half the house might have
been caught humming the "Tale of the
Bumble Bee" last night— the ensemble
music left attractive memories and the
story aroused piquant reminiscence.
It is not another "Burgomaster," per
haps, but PIpely and Luders offer thor
oughly enjoyable entertainment In
"King Dodo." Last night there was a
man to every seat in the house — and
more — to make and renew acquaintance
with the opera and they all seemed
glad to be there. ¦
Ensemble Music Full of
, Music Certain to Leave
Very Pleasant Memories
The California Club promises a rare
treat tp-morrow, when the following
programme will be presented:
Social day — Programme In charge of Mrs.
Charles J. Kalghin. chairman.
Norwegian and Swedish folk songs—
(a) "Strelevise." • V» -'V ;
(b) "Aagats FJeldsane."
(c) "Swedish National Songs."
(d) "More mln CHIe'mor" (with ex
planatory notes);
Miss Ingeborg Reach Pettersen.
Readings —
(a) "A Fruit of the Fair" Marlon Hill
Luncheon was served at .12:30,
which was, as usual, an interesting
affair.
After a report of the national asso
ciation's meeting: in St. Louis, a pa
per was read that, had been prepared
by Mrs. Cheney, "Will Nature Elimi
nate the College Woman?" '. i
. This rather Interesting sociological
problem was cleverly handled, after
•which Ben Greet was welcomed: He
made an Interesting address.
After some excellent tea most of
the guests adjourned to the meeting
of the Pacific Coast Branch of the
American Historical • Association —
whereat some excellent history
pledges were recorded.
The California Branch of the Asso
ciation of Collegiate Alumnae met on
Saturday at the Sorosis Club rooms,
entertaining specially in honor of Mrs.
Constance Crawley, and of the Christ
mas graduates of Berkeley and Stan
ford.
The frivolities over, however, we
must lend our ear to the serious
things that are concerning the
thoughtful-minded. These are things
that count. .
The League of California Munici
palities, which met In Santa. Cruz for
purposes of civic improvement, heark
ened unto the pleadings of the Cali
fornia clubwomen (led by Mrs. Syd
ney S. Palmer) in behalf of a State
tubercular hospital. The following
resolutions were adopted by the
league:
Whereas. It has long been the sense of the
California Club that State and municipal laws
should be enacted whereby the spread of tuber
culosis in all Its forms may be prevented and
whereby there shall be inaugurated a system
atic education of the public in the care, treat
ment and prevention of the disease, and where
by State or municipal sanatorlums shall be es
tablished for the cara and treatment of pul
monary tuberculosis; and.
Whereas. The California Club Is now pre
paring a bill carrying a reasonable appropria
tion for the above named purposes to be Intro
duced in the California State Legislature dur
ing it* coming session; be it
• Resolved, v That the League of California
Municipalities, now in convention at Santa
Ana, CaL, November. 1904, does hereby hearti
ly Indorse such proposed action of the Cali
fornia Club and furthermore that it will aid
that organization in all possible ways to enact
such laws.
In line with the blessed spirit of
feminine good fellowship is the merry
Cap and Bells Club, Mrs. W. P. Buck
ingham president. . » '
Th» club foregathered on Friday at
the SoVosis Club^rooms, where a fam
ously good programme was projected,
as follows:
Wit and humor by members; vocal selection,
"Russian Romance." Mrs. Paraskera Greersky;
reading. "The Picture on the Barroom Floor."
Mrs. Celine Straus; vocal selections, (a) "A
Splendltto Notte." from "King Mars" (Gou
nod), (b) "Polonois," from "Mlsnon" (Thom
as), Madame B. Annis Peck, accompanist Mrs.
T. G. Crothers; vaudeville selection, Mrs. V.
C. Driffield; cello solos, selected. Al W. Nlel
een. Programme under direction of Mrs. S. P.
Blumenbergf.
These Cap and Bells women can tell
a story -with the best of masculine
raconteurs of older growth, and give
a good account of themselves, like
wise of the story. The day has slip
ped Into the dim gray past when
women tell a story with the climax
first Therefore were these Cap and
Bells tales well worth the hearing.
Who shall say but that the next
crop of clubwomen may give us a
feminine Chauncey Depew?
That was a famous day — Saturday.
What a gay assemblage gathered at the
Papyrus' bidding! Surely Mrs. C. Ma
son Kinne and her kindred spirits
must have been glad of heart. As
suredly, their, guests were, among
whom were a goodly number of men —
bless them!
The gowns were smart, the decora
tions striking, the punch superb —
what more could be asked? And, by
the way, that ruby-red nectar was of
Miss Jenne Morrow Long's brewing,
and a past master is she in the decad
ent art.
The guests of honor — Mrs. Evelyn
Almond Withrow, Miss Marie With
row and Mme. Francisco — were quite
overwhelmed with s 'tentions, jyhlch
they sufficiently survived to enjoy a
delightful musical programme ren
dered by the Papyrus Quartet and by
Amon C. Cain, with Mrs. Cain accom
panying. 1
Among the ladies to. whom the
splendid success was due are as fol
lows: Mrs. C. Mason Kinne, Mrs. W.
S. Leake. Miss Ella McCloskey. Mrs.
Louise Batles Cooper, Mrs. Henry
Bergstein, Mrs. S. W. Backus, Mrs. W.
W. Briggs, Mrs. W. H. Brown, Mrs.
'Katharine Boynes, Mrs. Samuel Bis
slnger, Mrs. - M. Ferguson, Mme.
Caro Roma, Miss Jenne Morrow Long,
Mrs. Thomas Archer, Miss Anna Had
sell. Mrs. Alfred Gerard, Mrs. Guy S.
Mellberne. Mrs. Blanche King Arnold
and Miss M. Driscoll.
Good fellowship is the mental pro
duct of congenial spirits, who blind
themselves to foibles and note the
good points only. And any club that
makes for good fellowship among
women is doing mankind a noble ser
vice. It makes mothers more patient
and understandable, wives more sym
pathetic and companionable and helps
to break down some of the ridiculous
distinctions of sex.
Said a man who ventured into the
Papyrus Club reception on Saturday:
"I believe the highest purpose of
women's clubs is to amuse and to teach
women to frivol intelligently; to* teach
them to see the glamorous side, as
well as the solemn side of human af
fairs, and to be quicker to laugh than
to weep; to cultivate an interest in
other women and thereby grow to be
more human and sympathetic in their
relations to their families and friends."
Now that chap spoke better than he
knew. "Women do need that sort of
atmosphere — not training, good friend,
but atmosphere.
Miss Nellie E. Turner of Stockton and
Thomas 13. Foster of this city were
married in Stockton on Thanksgiving,
Rev. Edward L. McCIellan officiating.
The bride is a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. William T. Turner and a native
of San Joaquin County. She is well
known there in lodge work, having held
the office of commander of the Macca
bees and is past Pocahontas of Kan
"Wan Nita Council, No. 12.
The groom is a son of the late Dr.
Thomas Foster, who was a well-known
newspaper man of early days. He Is
a secret service agent and well-known
about San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Foster are residing at
the Alcalde.
Miss Sue . E. Irwin and Frank H.
Meister of Sacramento were married
at the home of the bride's parents in
Marysville, on November 10. The bride
In a daughter of Railroad Commission
er Irwin and the groom is a member
of the firm of Meister & Sons, car
riage builders, in Sacramento.
Miss Lotta Irwin was bridesmaid,
while William Govan, of Sacramento,
served as groom. After a wedding trip
through Southern California and Ari
zona Mr. and Mrs. Meister will live
Jn Sacramento.
Miss Vera Mayers and Arthur E.
Scamell were married at the home of
the bride's mother, 1917 Devlsadero
street, on the evening of Thanksgiv
ing day.
The bride is a member of the San
Francisco Chapter of the Eastern
Star, also holding office. The groom
is a druggist, with place of business
in the Western Addition. After a
trip to the World's fair Mr. and Mrs.
Scamell will go to housekeeping in
this city.
WEDDINGS.
BY IJVURA BRIDE POWERS.
The Susan >B. Anthony Club met on
Monday, November 21, at 2 p. m. in the
apartments of Mrs. L. S. Anderson, 899
Pine street. The programme was pre
pared by Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Bllnn
and was exceptionally good. The topic
was Elizabeth Cady Stanton's life,
Rev. William Rader giving a very in
teresting lecture on the famous disciple.
Mrs. Julia S. Sanborn 'of Berkeley
spoke of the prejudice that existed in
the University of California against
the co-eds. Her twenty minutes' talk
was humorous and carried some meed
of truth in it. The next meeting will
be held at Mrs. Ellen A- Sargent's,
1690 Folsom street, corner Thirteenth,
Monday, December 19, at 2 p. m.
Among those present were Mrs. L. S.
Anderson, Mrs. Hindes, Mrs. Ellen A.
Sargent. Mrs. M. W. Andrews," Mar
garet/ Mahoney, M. D., Mrs. W. F.
Rudolph, Mrs. Lovell White, Dr. Wat
son, Mrs. H. Harland, Mrs. E. F. Dun
nells. Mrs. Fletcher. Mrs. E. Northon,
Mrs. Mary Sperry, Mrs. G. W- Pringle,
Mrs. A. H. Ltssak. Mrs. Nellie Hol
brook-Bllnn, Mrs. Isabel Baldwin.
• « •
* • 4
To-morrow Miss Anna Strunsky will
talk to the Clionian Club, Utopia Hall,
upon ' "Underground Russia."
Now, in all the city, there's not a
man or woman better fitted by tem
perament, research and sympathy than
this clever young Russian writer to
discuss the underground politics of the
Czar's turbulent country. 'Twill be
a treat, as Mrs. Strunsky is fortified
with many radical notions upon things
political.
. The Sketch Club, Mrs. Louis H- Long
president, will hold open house at 1308
California street, from December 1 to
the 10th; from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; also
Sunday, December 4, from 1 to 6 p. m.
Then on Wednesday evening, Novem
ber SO, is the reception to members and
fjuests, when the cozy little home of art
promises to be very gay, the Christ
mas exlhibitlon really dating from .that
night.
On Wednesday will the Forum Club
Hire forth in its giddiest raiment, for
'tis the annual reception day of the
club, and a red-letter day in its annals.
If there be a club with more well
gowned "women than the Forum, then
it's been my misfortune not to have
met it. And they do things as well
as wear clothes, too — most' of them go
ing in for mild cultural work.
years' sojourn In India, as physician.
• among the high castes.)
Contralto solos
<«0 "Ah Rendiml" Rossi
1 (b) "Auf Wlederschn" Liebe
MUs True Aiken.
Accompanist, Miss Julia Rapier Tharp.
. * •
(b) "Aux Itallens" (by request)
Owen Meredith
- ' Miss Julia Hunter.
Accompanist, Hies Gladys M. Kalghln.
Mandolin solos—
(a) "Capriccio dl Concerto" V. Arienzo
(b) "Mazurka ill Concerto" C. Munler
_ Mr. Glenn Rich Coiurtll.
Talk on habits and customs of high caftea
In India. *
._ ' . Dr. Emily Noble. -
(Dr. Noble "has recently returned from a two
AIES ABE ATTE ACTIVE
The season of thanks inaugurated
last week does not of necessity con
clude with one date. Many hearts
were gladdened and the spirit of thanks
giving is still uppermost even, amid the
tevelry that has existed and bids fair
to continue without cessation- The
mingling of pleasure and charity has
brought increase of recreation- Those
light of heart and toe will live in
pleasure's realm throughout the com
ing week, and though sadness seems
to have been dispelled there are many
who may be among the slain from the
darts of a certain little god.
the engagement of their daughter. Al
ma, to Henry J. Rhalnes.
"King 1 Dodo" Comes Spick
and Span -New as if Just
Fresh Prom a Bandbox
Women Imbibing Sense of Humor
HOLIDAY REVELRY IS
LAUNCHED.
CLUBS FOR FRIVOLITY
DO NOBLE WORK.
BROADWAY SEEN
AT THE TIVOLI
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER l'JU4.
John E. Fitzpatrick has returned
from a trip through the Eastern
States. -
Mr. and Mrs. George Hewlett and
Miss Carrie Clayburg have returned
PERSOXAL.S.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Kochman, who
have recently i announced the engage
ment of their daughter, Maybelle, to
Isaac Sena, , will receive on Sunday,
December 4, at their home, ' 1654
O'Farrell street. .
Mrs. R. H. Weil and- Mrs. H.
Worms, with Alexander S. Worms Jr.,
are -in town ' from Paterson, ; N. • J.
While here ; they will be the
guests of their brothers, Selmar Simon
and Julius, Simon." in this city and are
also visiting J. Simon in Oakland.
from their trip to the St. Louis Expo
sition.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Mier will re
ceive. their friends in their home, 962
Oak street, where they have recently
moved.
12
AD\*ERTISOlOfTS.
g OLD BERq
BDWEN
ot COo
Holiday Suggestions
Beautiful chafing
dishes, nickel pud-
ding dishes, after-
noon tea kettles, cof-
fee pOtS (with alcohol lamp
attachment,) salad bOWlS
(nickel mountings.)
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Fresh EggS-Guaranteed doz 40
Bee Brand Ceylon Tea
reg'ly 50c 60c 80c . Jl
special 40 50 60 80
Pasha Blend Coffee 30
Good rich strength and flavor 2 lbs 55
reg'Iy 35c 1b
Salt-R- S.V. P., reg'ly 20c pkg 15
Holland C0C0a-Van Houten
reg'ly 95c 1b %\b 20, 40, lib 80
Spanish Olives 20
Paragon, reg'Iy 25c 14 oz bot
CatSlip-Biue Label 20
Best ingredients, reg'ly 25c bot
JUST ARRIVED
LEBKUCHEN
(German Honey Cake) —
Made in Nurnberg — 16 vari-
eties.
Italian Olive Oil 60
Sublime, reg'Iy 70c full qt can
PetitS PoiS-(Peas) 15
Le Soleil, reg'ly 20c can
Pimientos Morrones 20
Spanish peppers,reg'ly 25c can doz 2.10
Preserved Stem Ginger- 30
Chy Loong, reg'ly 35c, 70c pot 55
Mackerel-i2ibkit 2.25
Choice 3X fish, formerly f2.75
Sliced Pine Apple 22#
reg'ly 25; 21b can, Florida
Grated Pine Apple 20
reg'ly 25c 2Ib can, Florida -
Imported Layer Figs 25
\%\b box net weight
Lemon Extract-G b Co. 35.
Double Strength, reg'ly 40c 4oz bot
Vanilla Extact-G bco. 35
It takes just a little, reg'ly 45c 4oz bot
Creamery Butter lb 25
First rate quality, cut full weight
MaCedoine-reg'ly 20c can 15
French mixed vegetables
Toilet Paper-Empire 75
teg'ly Jl doz square packages
California Wines
Stored in New York-direct
delivery to your friends and
relatives — appropriate pre-
sent for Christmas from
California.
Assorted cases '¦ — Our own bottling
No. 1 — A fine assortment •
One bottle each Angelica, Mus-
catel, Madeira, Sherry, Port, Bur-
gundy. Riesling,Gutedel,Sauternes',
P. S. Claret, Malaga, Brandy.
12 qt bottles 6.00
Brandy-California 75
For mince meat, reg'ly $1 bot $4 gal 3
SherrV— California Extra 35
For mJnce meat, plum pudding sauce
reg'ly 60c bot, $1.50 gal 1.15
Whisky-Buiidog 1.00
Rye. Bourbon, 10 yrs old, reg'Iy 1 1.25
fullqtfcot
Claret-V.V. Zinfandel
rez' y doz pts 11.90 doz qts 1 2.90 gal 75
special 1.40 2.25 £0
Scotch Whisky-King George IV.
Red Crown, reg'ly $1.25 bot 1.00
Creme de Cr.cao-Chouao 1.35
~ Delicious cocoa cordial, reg'Iy $1.60 qt
Delicate Feasting
Buy from us and entertain
as you should, offering your
guests the finest the world
provides.
Mammoth walnuts, stuffed figs,
stuffed prunes, Malaga raisins, big
bloater mackerel, ripe olives, Bar
le Due preserves, brandy peaches,
imputed cheese, pickled figs.
Bon Bons
Never so pretty, never so many
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT (Mb CoT
Our importations for the Holidays are 5
complete and our customers will find
a large and varied stock to select from
in the following lines of new goods suit-;
able for useful presents for the Holidays. j
Cloves Brush and Comb Set*s
All the standard makes and In sterling silver. $3.2.~> to ]
grades. Glove orders issued. ' $1 U.OO set. i
Umbrellas Sterling Silver Manicure '
Ladies', Men's and Children's. Set#S
Elegant assortment, in handsome $4.OO to 91T.5O. ¦
handle designs.
. ¥1-00 «. S1S.SO each. Woo ,
Hosiery 73c t0 #5.oo each.
best Drands C of 1 Ladfes 8 *. O Men's and Black and Colored Dress
Children's Hosiery. Pat»t*emS !
. T"TT . $7.0O to $23.00. i
Lace Collars
91. CO to »25.00 each. Silk Waists ;
_* .. „ ?3.OO to 925.00 each. i
Feather Boas i
Black, white, natural gray Silk Skirts i
and_ fancy . colors. ?1O.5O to $4.00 to §23.00 each. \
Table Linen Set*s .!
Fancy Belts 95.00 to 950.00 pe r set, ac-
5Oc to 93.OO each. cording to size and quality.
Fancy Opera Bags Sflk Comforters
91.OO to 914.OO each. 9S.00 to 925.00 each. '
Leather Bags and Purses Wool Blankets j
91.25 to 91O.5O each. 93.75 to §20.00 pair.
Handkerchiefs
The most complete stock we Men's Initial Handker-
have - ever displayed in both chiefs
linen and silk; plain and initialed. 91.50, 92.40, 93.OO per box
Ladies' Initial Handker- of ** dozcn : ]
chiefs Children's Initial Handker- j
91.00, 91.50, 92.25, 93.00 ' chiefs ;
per box of H dozen. 25c Fancy Box. % doz in box. *
111 to 121 -Boat Street 1WI1 " iS*y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Hunter I
8 Baltimore y3
Q is In all the elements of p
X superior quality v
I The §
I TerfectWhiskey |
' Q ItttBERT MERCAimLE CO.. " \ «
O 138-1U Second St., San Francisco, Cal. C)
#> Telephone I*rivato 313. | ! \\
! The Chance of a Life lime!
M Tx7/\l*fVl AT
B . VY Ul ill Ul
I Wagons, Carriages and
I Buggies at
§ 50c on the Dollar
! JQ One of the larjje wholesale houses of this city is Koine out of
' P] the wagon and .carriage business and they have sold their stock to
fj us at a phenomenally low price. The stock comprises a complete line
f fj of Standard wagons, carriages and buggies and we are going to sell
!| them as stated for ' V \
6| 50 Cents on the Dollar I
| | They must be sold qnickly
i I Come and get first choice
I SPIRO HARNESS AND WAGON COMPANY
I r 307-309 JVVARKET STREET