VOLUME XCVI— XO. 103.
NOW. that the smoke of battle has cleared away, DemocratsTare already discussing the reorganization of the
party. , In a lengthy statement William Jennings Bryan declares the Democracy was defeated because it
abandoned radical principles and surrendered to Wall street. Now, says the twice defeated candidate for
the Presidency, it must return to the principles advocated'in 1896 and 1900. Hearst and Watson will attempt
to reorganize the party along socialist lines.
BRYAN DECLARES THAT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
MUST NOW RETURN TO PRINCIPLES HE ADVOCATES
STEWARDESS TELLS ABOUT
THE DOLBEER VOYAGE.
A\PS. SHERMAN'S DEPOSITION ALSO READ
The steamship stewardess' siory of the voyage of Miss Do/beer from Cherbourg to New
fork last June was read to the jury in the will contest case yesterday. Her deposition told
of unusual conauct, but it was hardly to be regarded as strong evidence of insanity. She said
Detective Stillwell had sought to have her make statements of much more effective charac
ter, but she refused. The reading of Mrs. Sherman's deposition was also completed.
Continued on Pago 3, Columns 1 and. 2.
Continued on. Page 3, Column 1.
Clean Sweep In, Idaho.
BOISE, Idaho,. -Nov. 9.— Returns
from' the Stated come '. in slowly, one
PHILADELPHIA. , Nov. 9.—Argu
ment was besun In the United States
Court of Appeals in this city to-day on
the appeal of the Northern Securities
Company, from a judgment from the
Circuit Court of New Jersey restrain
ing the distribution^ of certain-stock of
the Northern Pacific Railroad; Com
pany. • The argument "will t be con
cluded-to-morrow. '
Security Company Appeals.
- ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 9.— The
Russian inquiry] into -the reported fir
ing upon, the -German .fishing .vessel
Sontag by^ the- Russian second Pacific
squadron In the'.Ndrth'Sea on- October
21 having : established jto[the , satlsfac-,
tibn of the authorities: that oneof .the
Russian* warships i did i fire > ,upon v the
German vessel,, that she .lost-herifish
ing • gear,.- Russia, has '• agreed ; ; to .'pay.
full compensation ito the owner of ¦ the
Result of "the Inquiry; Into the Firing
* on tlic : Sontag.
RUSSIA WILLPAY.
Mathers and George H. Rudolph
were employed in removing the wooden
casing from the interior of an irrigation
¦well, forty fec-t deep. Mathers was at
the bottom of the well and Rudolph
operated a* windlass at the mouth of
the weiL Mathers had chopped away
a few of the lower timbers of the cas
ing while Rudolph was hauling the
debris up and out of the well. The
•topping of the lower timbers lessened
i he strength of the wooden caslnff.^and
suddenly the upper timbers of the cas
ing" broke away. Amid a crashing of
boards and scantlings tons of stones
and earth poured down upon Mathers
from th<^ caving walls.
Rudolph says that his companion was
buried un<^r thirty feet of the cav
ing. When he realized what had hap
pened he at once summoned assistance
and* volunteers are at work ditreinsr to
ward the rescue of Mathers. /
The grief of Mrs. Mathers^and her
four daughters is pitiful to' behold.
Weeping bitterly they stand at the
mouth of the well urping th» workers
on to even greater zeal and almost mo
mentarily calling to the buried man in
the vain hope of getting an answer
,from him. Mr. Mathers has Hvedjn
Pomona a dozen years. His home is at
127 Eaft Pearl street. For a lone time
he has been superintendent of the Po
mona Irrigation Company's pumping
plant. He is 46 years of ajre.
POMONA, Nov. 9.— J. Alex Mathers
was entombed beneath twenty feet of
gravel, sand and earth at the bottom
bf a well In the vacant lots near the
corner of Artesia street and Oranee
<Jrove avenue in Pomona this after
noon. Relays of men have been work
ing like mad men to extricate him in
the faint hope that by some miracle he
txiay be found alive.
The principal characters in the ro
mance al*e H. W. Herwitt, aged 52
years, a wealthy man who has spent
much time in the capitals of Europe
and the larger cities of the East, but
who finally succumbed to the charms
of Pasadena as a place of residence,
and .Mile. Eugene Ep. Parrient, the
daughter of French parents, whose na
tive place is New Orleans, and whose
age is 21. She came here to find rela
tives, but they had left for Alaska and
she was obliged to secure employment
as a saleslady at the Boston Store.
Wishing to >uy a little gift for a
lady, the Pasadena bachelor wandered
into the store soon after the pretty
French saleswoman was employed and
she chanced to wait on him. This led
to Herwitt's going back on other occa
sions to the counter of the new clerk
at the Boston Store. Within three days
there was a quiet 'wedding, and now
Mr. and Mrs. Henvitt are in New
York for a brief stay before starting on
a Journey around the world..
LOS ANGELES,' Nov. ».— From the
modest position of a saleswoman at the
Boston Store, to that of wife of a
wealthy man of leisure and great
traveler is the step just taken by a
beautiful young lady of this city. The
news of the marriage which has -just
been made public, although it occurred
about three weeks ago, has created a
sensation both in the French Colony
of Los Angeles and among certain cir
cles in Pasadena. -
The demolition of ' the" Chinese^ new
town is almost . completed, a thousand
houses - having,, been;' destroyed for .the
valuable firewood. they, contained." . :
' The town . is j constantly catching fire,
and the majority of; the warehouses
and I stores .belonging to foreigners
have been' burned, to the ground. <i :
So many men were killed on" both
sides during the last r assault "that
many bodies . lay : unburled for days,
and in some Instances, dogs, which had
been ] driven from T the town,, assuaged
their hunger by eating the dead.
In a few. cases where this was . seen,
the .horror-stricken \ Russian . sharp
shooters killed the dogs.
Some months ago:. the Russian au
thorities . ordered that all dogs seen
upon the streets should be shot, '¦ with
the result that half famished. creatures
have been roaming; the hills, becoming
savage. • i ; .
The Chinese say that the forts' on
Golden Hill- have done practically, no
firing, for. months past, and it is be
lieved that their ammunition has: run
short. ": '. ¦ ,.'.;• ,
CHEFU, Nov.. 9.— The Japanese con
tinue, to bombard Port Arthur and the
shells are falling so incessantly that
the Russians have practically aban
doned the repair of the .work protect
ing the harbor. \
Citizen volunteers and the police are
now reinforcing the' garrisons of the
forts, according to the stories, of
Chinese arriving here, sixty of whom
left Port Arthur on November 7, .ow
ing to the high price of food.
Bombardment of Port Arthur Contin
ues and Shells Full Incessantly.-
ENTOMBED
AT BOTTOM
OF A WELL
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Are Not Betrothed
LONDON, Nov. 9. — The Spanish
embassy here authorizes ten emphatic
denial of the report 'circulated by a
news agency in the United States of
the betrothal of King Alfonso to
Princess Victoria of Connaughu
But in answer to the Questions pro
pounded to her during the taking of
the deposition the stewardess said she
had warmly refused to sign : the state
ment for the reason that part of it was
false— that part in which Miss Warren
was said to have made mention of Miss
Dolbeer's mental condition and of ¦ a
lover. But she had , no objection to tell
ing what she knew of the strange man
ner of Miss Dolbeer while crossing the
ocean.
The" most of the day was spent in
finishing the reading of the deposition
of Mrs. Raymond H. Sherman, a daugh
ter of Mrs. J. L. Moody, a neice of the
contestant and cousin' of the testatrix.
On Monday her statements -were ad
duced to the effect that a "change had
come over Miss. Dolbeer during the last
year of her life," she "had become
very thin," and was "indifferent ' to
anything and everything in life." . ;
Yesterday It transpired that Mrs."
There was some new testimony in
the Dolbeer will contest yesterday —
testimony that had been sealed up in
depositions and withheld from the pub
lic. The contestant shot "one of his
strongest bolts, which was the deposi
tion of the stewardess of the Deutsch
land. on which Miss Bertha Dolbeer
crossed the Atlantic shortly before her
death. The German woman's state
ments were that the passenger "stared"
constantly, bore a "sad expression on
her " face," and Miss Warren, to con
trol her, "spoke as one would to quiet
a child." ; :¦ r
Miss "Warren was with Miss Dolbeer
on the voyage in June last. They took
the steamer at Cherbourg, after a stay
in Paris, where Miss Dolbeer had gone
to seek rest. the attorneys for
the contestant laid much stress on
this testimony of Miss Wilhelmina
Pflueger, Pillsbury and McEnerney
smiled at it. The jury had by this
time been overtaxed by deposition
reading and it exhibited no sign of
arousal from languor.
There was a very interesting part of
Miss Pflueger's deposition. that did not
reach the ears of the jurors, for Judge
Coffey would not permit it to be. read.
It appears that C. J. Still well/ for
rcerly a detective in San Francisco but
now in New York, approached her in
the interest of contestant Schander to
ascertain what testimony she might
give. She says he brought with him a
typewritten statement for her to" sign
wherein it was set forth that Misa
Warren had told her while the vessel
was on the ocean that Miss Dolbeer
was insane from melancholia," resulting
from the loss of. her lover.
STATEMENT WAS FALSE.
SALESLADY
WINS RICH
HUSBAND
mis n ii. shi;rman. cousin of the testatrix, whose deposition was read yesterday at the trial of* I
THE CONTEST TO BREAK MISfc LOLBEER'S WILL, AND SCATTER THB FORTUNE BEQUEATHED BY THE UNFOR
TUNATE FUKIDE TO HER FRIEND AND COMPANION, MISS WARREN.
In Nebraska the definite announce
ment . that the Legislature Is Republi
can disposes of the statement that Wil
liam . J. : Bryan ; had . aspirations for .the
United .States Senatorship. In. that
State, too, the, Governorship is in doubt/
There is a curious situation in Min
nesota, where Roosevelt has 125.000
plurality,. but where a-Democratic Gov
ernor. ' and a Republican . Lieutenant
Governor were elected..'
.Chairman Babcock of the Republican
Congressional Campaign Committee
has been ., returned to Congress, but
Chairman Cowherd , of: the r Democratic
Congressional \ Campaign Committee
was, defeated in Missouri. .
- ¦- The situation i in ; Colorado presented
an interesting phase to-nijrht. Roose
velt : has carried \ the ' State by probably
15,000, but -the i Governorship is still in'
doubt; both sides claiming victory.
The "Solid South" was broken by the
defection of Missouri. The figures to
night show but twelve States, with 133
votes, for Judge Parker. President
Roosevelt carried all the Northern
States— swept them in fact— and to
night he. < has 343 electoral votes. The
banner. State is Pennsylvania. Twenty
four hours after the polls closed the
returns, from this State indicated that
Roosevelt's plurality • would reach 485,
ooo. ¦:¦¦>¦¦< .
Next 'came Illinois, where the Presi
dent polled approximately 225,000 more
votes than; did Parker.
Ohio gave Roosevelt . 200.000 and New
York 174,000. The New York* Citv re
turns are .still .incomplete. - but the
amazement over the . result has not
subsided. Judge Parker carried Great
er'New York by less than 41,000 votes.
| In general, the situation Is chiefly in
teresting :to-night because of 'the fact
thaCthe tickets in many of the) States
were cut. President Roosevelt ran
ahead of his ticket in many localities.
In Massachusetts he had a plurality of
86,000, 'while the Republican candidate
for Governor was defeated by 35,000.
In that State the* Legislature Is Re
publican, and the entire Republican
ticket, with the exception of Governor,
was. elected. In Missouri the circum
stances are similar/.
* . NO TOGA FOR. BRYAN.
NEW; YORK, Nov. 9.— With the
election" returns' still incomplete the
plurality' for President Roosevelt in
the- nation,; according to all indications
to-night, j will exceed I 1,500.000— the
greatest ever given an American can
didate. The nearest approach to this
vote was in 1896,, when McKinley re
ceived a plurality approximating 850,
000, and in 1872, when Grant received
762,'991.
.To-night the -interest centers in
Missouri and Maryland. Late re
turns indicate that the former State
is in the Republican column, so far as
Presidential electors are concerned,
but that Joseph W. Folk, the Demo
cratic candidate, has been elected
Governor.
In'. Maryland the Presidential vote
probably will ; - be cast for Roosevelt.
Late . returns to-night indicate that
Thomas A. Smith has been elected to
Congress by the Democrats in the
First District. Congressman Jackson
of this district to-night,": however, put
forward the claim that trick ballots
were used and says he will contest the
election.
In the other. States it is simply a
question of pluralities. ..
"SOLID SOUTH'! NO LONGER.
I^piffipipl^|nQ He
"VHas Nearly a Hair
Million Mafgin.
"The Japanese, having offered the
Russians ' favorable opportunities to
surrender, are now Inclined to let them
suffer for the consequences of their
obstinacy."
CHEFU, Nov. 9.— A junk which left
Port Arthur on November 1 has ar
rived here, bringing the news that the
garrison up to that time had repulsed
all Japanese attacks. The junk was
intercepted by a Japanese torpedo boat,
which confiscated all the correspond
ence on board. Two Chinese who were
on the Junk were executed by the Jap
anese. .'.',.;.?>
, DOGS DEVOUR THE DEAD.
. "Prisoners captured by Nogi say
eral Stoessel tells his men that the''Jap
anese will massacre them if they sur
render. Sorties are made every night.'
"There is now no fresh, meat in the
fortress; even the horseflesh is. said. to
have given out. Rifle ammunition is
alarmingly short and . shrapnel is
scarce.
"Desperate fighting .goes on,niKht
and day around Port Arthur. The
Russian garrison is- defending itself
with the strength of despair.; 'jit, is re
ported that the Russian numbers are
now reduced to 9000 fighting me*n. ; ; '¦'. \
TOKIO, Nov. 9.— I* is ; reported ' that
the Japanese'^have completely.,, silenced
the. forts on Rihlurig ajid.Susupc^mbun
ta.ins>and'»tha*'/Ctheir^wamjst,reneth;is-
now attacking Etz' Mountain.""- ; - v -vV;
DALNY, NdyJ 9.— Stanley Washbufn.
war correspondent of the Chlcago'Daily
News, cables the, following to his pa
per: - ; '. • '. "\ V' •• '.. .'.¦¦
Missouri Increases
-^His Electoral
Vote to 343. ;
Speclal. Dispatch to The- Call.
Fresh Meat Is Exhausted and Even
the Supply of Has
Food and Ammunition Are
Alarmingly Short in
Port Arthur.
Bryan says he did what he could to prevent the reorganization of the
Democratic party; wiien he failed in this he did what he could to aid
Parker and Davis in order to secure such reforms— and there were sev
eral—promised by their election. Now that the campaign is over, he will
assist- those who. desire to put the Democratic party once more on a strong
basis; he will assist. in organizing for the campaign of 190S.
, "It does not matter so much who the nominee may be. During the next
three years circumstances may bring; Into the arena some man especially
fitted to carry the standard.. It will be time enough to nominate a candi
date when ' we are near enough to the campaign to measure the relative
availability of those worthy to be considered. .' *
. .'.'But'/we ought , to', begin now .to- lay our plans " for . the next national
campaign ; and 1 to form .the line of . battle.
"The party must continue . to. protest against a large army, against a
Bryan says that for two years he has pointed out the futility of any
attempt to , compromise with wrong or to patch up a peace with the great
corporations which are now exploiting the country, but the sound money
Democrats were bo alarmed by the race Issue that they listened rather re
luctantly, be it salfl to their credit, to the promises of a successful cam
paign held out by those who had contributed "to the defeat of the party in
the two preceding campaigns. He continued:
. "The experiment has been a costly one and it is not likely to be re
peated during the present generation. The Eastern Democrats were also
deceived. They were led to believe that the magnates and monopolists who
coerced the voters in 1896 and supplied an enormous campaign fund in both
1S96 and 1900 would help the Democratic party If our party would only be
less radical. . The corporation press aided in this deception and even the Re
publican papers professed an unselfish desire to help build up the Demo
cratic party. The election has opened the eyes of the hundreds of thou
sands of honest and. well meaning Democrats who, a few months ago, fav
ored the reorganization of the party. These men now see that they must
either, go into the Republican party or join with the Democrats of the West
and South in making the Democratic party a positive, aggressive and pro
gressive reform organization. There is no middle ground."
Will Jlssist in Reorganization.
"The Democratic party cannot hope to compete successfully with the
Republican party for this support. To win the support of the plutocratic
element of the country the party would have to become more plutocratic
than the Republican party.. and it could not do this without losing several
times as many votes as that course would win. The, Democratic party has
nothing to gain by catering to organized and predatory wealth. It must not
only do without such support. 'but it can strengthen itself by Inviting the
open'and emphatic opposition of these elements. The campaign Just closed
shows that It is as inexpedient from the standpoint of » policy as it
Is wrong from the standpoint of principle K to attempt any con
ciliation of the Industrial and financial despots who are ' gradu
ally ' getting control of. all the avenues of wealth. The Democratic
party.' if It hopes to win success, must take the side of the plain common
people."
Futility of Making Compromises.
"In 1S96 the line was drawn for the first time during the present genera
tion between plutocracy and democracy, and the party's stand on the side
of democracy alienated a large number of plutocratic Democrats, who in
the nature of things cannot be expected to return, and it drew to itself a
large number of earnest advocates of reform, whose attachment to these re
forms Is much stronger than attachment to any party name. The Republi
can party occupies the conservative position. This Is, it defends those who.
having secured unfair advantage through class legislation, insist that they
shall not be disturbed, no matter how oppressive their exactions may be
come.
-¦--¦• "The convention "accepted this theory and the platform made no refer
ence to the money -question^ but Judge Parker felt that it was his duty to
announce his personal adherence tV the sold standard. His gold telegram,
as it was called, while embarrassing to 1 the Democrats of the " West and
South, :'warf applauded by the Eastern press. He had the cordial Indorse
ment of, Mr." Cleveland, Who declared that the party had returned to "safety
and sanity"; he had "the support of the Democratic papers which bolted In
1S96, arid he also had the aid of nearly all of those who were prominent in
the campaigns of 1896 and 1900, and yet his defeat Is apparently greater than
the party suffered in either of those years.
"It is unquestionable also that Judge Parker's defeat was not local but
general, the returns from the eastern States being as disappointing as the
returns from' the West. The reorsranizers are in complete control of the
party. They planned the campaign and carried it on according to their own
views, and the f verdict against their plan is unanimous. Surely silver can
not be blamed for this defeat, for the campaign was run on a gold basis.
Neither can the defeat be charsred to emphatic condemnation of the trusts,
for the trusts were not assailed as vigorously this year as they were four
years ago. It is evident that the campaign did not turn upon the question
of imperialism, and It is not fair to consider the result as a personal victory
for the President, for his administration was the subject of criticism. The
result was due to the fact that the Democratic party attempted to be con
servative in the presence of conditions which demand radical remedies. It
sounded a partial retreat when it should have ordered a charge all along
the line.
Plutocratic Democrats Jilienated.
'"The Democratic party hasunet with an overwhelming defeat In the na
tional election. As yet the returns are not sufficiently complete to permit
analysis and it is impossible to say whether the result is due to an actual
increase m Jhe number of Republican voters, t>r to a falling off in the Dem
ocratic vote. This phase of the subject will be dealt with next week when
the returns are all in. The questions for consideration at this time are:
What lesson does the election teach? "arid what of the future? The defeat
of Judge Parker should^not be considered a personal one. He did as well as
he could under the circumstances; he was the victim of unfavorable condi
tions and of a mistaken party policy. He grew In popularity as the cam
paign proceeded and expressed himself more and more strongly upon the
trust question, but could not overcome the heavy odds against him.
"The so-called conservative Democrats charged the defeats of 1S06 and
1900 to the party's position on the money question and insisted that a vic
tory could be, gained by dropping the coinage question entirely.
Parker's Embarrassing
LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. 9.— William J. Bryan to-day gave out an extend
ed statement concerning yesterday's election, which is intended to serve as
his comment upon the result, and as an answer to reports connecting 1 him
with a movement looking to the formation of a new party. Bryan said he
would not attempt to deny all the reports circulated as to his future politi
cal action, but would let his statement serve to explain his position. He
says :
Roosevelt's Plu
rality Greatest
in History.
-V ' ¦ f
So- Catted tPtutocratic € foment of the 97?/'
noritj/ &s Snv/ted to Set Out.
Remnant of Garrison
Pigtiting to the
Goldites' Reign at an End
FORMER
RECORD
BROKEN
STOESSEL
HAS ONLY
9000 MEN
Surrender to Wall Street,
Says the Nebraskan
Defeated Parker.
THE THBATEX&
CALIFORNIA— 'Sweet Qowwr"
CENTRAL. — "Her Marrtaj* Vow."
COLUMBIA — "The County Chalnnam"
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCH ER' S— Vaudeville.
GRAJfD — "Pretty Fe«*y."
MAJESTIC — "An American Cttlaen.-
Matinee to-day.
ORPHEUM— VanderlUe. Matlne* to
day.
TTVOLI — "The Messenger Boy."
TBB yTEA.TE.ER. Ux .-;: - "• I
Fbroc*st made at JJin Vtudsco t or
thirty tears — «««wf nddnlstttp N<rrem
berlO:
Bui rrmndsco and rMnlty— Fair
Tfcsrslaj; cooler; fresh e**t wind. -
A. O. MrATOK.
T>!Mrtct Fbncaater.
SAN FRANCISCO, -THURSDAY, NOVEMBER v 10, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.Even, the palmist may sigh for the
Thomas W.; Hickey to Marry.
Thomas ,W. Hlckey, the well known
Democratic politician, secured' a mar
riage license • yesterday to wed Miss
Mary B. Mulcare of 656 Natoma
Ktroafc. .
Vermont's Handsome Tribute.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt.;
Nov. 9.— Complete returns " from Ver
mont give Parker 9881, Roosevelt 40,'
691. Roosevelt's -plurality is, 30,810.
Democrats Win Out in Arizona.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 9.— The elec
tion,of Smith, (D.): for Congress is con
ceded : by at least 600. The Legislature
will be > Democratic -by probably two
thirds: -The 'Republicans of Maricopa
County elected ; one :, Councilman, - one
Assemblyman,' the .Sheriff,' : Probate
Judge .-. and • one Supervisor. The ' re
mainder are' Democratic WKl&mSB&l
Rufus P. Jennings and A. Sbarboro
• v ¦f-'First to Greet the President.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— Rufus P.
Jennings, executive officer of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee, and A.
Sbarboro of that committee were the
first to congratulate President Roose
velt this morning upon his landslide.
They dined to-day at the Italian em
bassy, and ; have personally visited all
the .members of the . Cabinet- In the
city and enlisted their interest In Cali
fornia.
The gentlemen are fresh from the
Trans-Mississippi convention, have
visited New York and go from here to
New Orleans. . They 'find everywhere
cordial greetings and eagerness for in
formation concerning California. They
will -establish "offices or representatives
in Chicago, New York and Washing
ton.
CAUFORXIANS COME EARLY.
Tonnff Wife of Accused Slayer of An
drew Riley Confirms Story. lie ¦
Told When Arrested, j
The trial of Harry Radcllffe,
charged with the murder of Andrew
Riley at Ninth and Folsom streets on
the early morning of June 26, was re
sumed before a Jury in Judge Cook's
court yesterday. Before court' ad
journed all the testimony was In and
the addresses of counsel to, the' Jury
had commenced. The defendant did
not testify.
The most important witness yester
day was Mrs. Marion Radcllffe, the
young wife of the defendant She
testified for the defense. She said that
she was sick and her husband made
her. go with him to Dr. J. J. Keefe's
residence at 1806 Folsom street.
While she was ' ringing the door bell
"Riley came upon her and made an In
sulting proposal. # She ran toward her
husband screaming and told him that
Riley had Insulted her. Then she saw
them fighting and went home.
Mrs. Adele Magulre, a sister of Mrs.
Radcliffe, testified that the piece of
cloth found in Radcllffe's pocket when
arrested was taken by the defendant
from her house on the evening, -of
June 23. She thought it was Import
tint for her to testify to that •effect. •
RADCLIFFE MURDER TRIAL]'-'
IS DRAWING TO A CLOSE
Plurality In Alabama.
MONTGOMERY, Ala.. Nov. 8. —
The plurality for Parker Is about 76,
000.
South. Carolina's Vote.
CHARLESTON, S.. C. Nov. 9. — Re
turns are very slow, but safe estimates
place the total Democratic vote In
South Carolina at from 50,000 to 60,
000; Republican at 6000 to 6000.
Sherman had not been so intimate' with
Miss Dolbeer as were the other mem
bers of her family, and deponent made
It plain that she had always regarded
Miss Warren as a nurse and maid and
had therefore "taken no interest in
her." "never felt it necessary to recog
nize her" in all the years that Miss
Warren acd Miss Dolbeer were to
gether.
Mrs. Sherman had given many
sharp answers in her deposition, indi
cating that she was excited. Those
who attended the proceedings say that
at one Juncture she stamped her feet
with anger when provoked during the
cross-examination by Attorney Pills
bury.
Deponent said that she knew Miss
Dolbeer and Miss Warren frequently
had disagreements and said she wit
nessed one at the Coronado Hotel at
Han Diego.
RELATIONS NOT INTIMATE.
Mrs. Sherman admitted that her sis
ters - were more intimate with Miss
Dolbeer, for they were nearer of an
eg*. It was also true, she answered,
that she never spoke to John Dolbeer,
Bertha's father, because of the family
estrangement. She had even passed
him on the street without noticing
him. so strong was the feeling over
the quarrel between her mother, Mrs.
Moody, and John Dolbeer, though
they were brother and sister.
"X had called on Miss Dolbeer a
number of times." Mrs. Sherman's
deposition proceeded, "she having be
irun to visit our home after the death
of her father, but when I was about
to leave the last time she made no
reply when I said I was coming again.
I regarded this as a hostile attitude
and understood It was due to Miss
Warren's Influence.
"I never spoke to Miss Warren. The
only time I conversed with her was
over the telephone and that only when
absolutely necessary. I never recog
nlied Miss Warren, and when I met
her and Miss Dolbeer on the street
aiira Warren would always walk
ahead. I had no interest in her. She
went to the Dolbeer home as a nursery
governess, and of course I would not
make her a companion. I did not
recognize Miss Warren as the equal
of Miss Dolbeer, and not having any
thing in common with her it was not
at all necessary to recognize her.
"I do " not remember ever having
seen Adolph Schander at my moth
er's home in fifteen years, although he
is her brother.
TinXKS WTLli UNJUST.
"I have no special interest in this
caso. Yes. I suppose I must have
talked about it. for I thought the will
was very unjust."
This ended the deposition of Mrs.
Sherman, and the contestant then took
up that of Wilhelmina Pflueger, the
stewardess who attended Miss Dolbeer
and Miss Warren during the voyage
on the Deutschland. Her home Is in
Hamburg, but the deposition was tak
en in New York.
She testified that she saw Miss Dol
beer and Miss Warren every day in
their cabin and about the deck. She
first noticed them when they entered
their stateroom at Cherboug The
next morning Miss Dolbeer rang the
bell and the stewardess found Miss
Warren dressed and lying on a lounge
while Miss Dolbeer had not yet arisen*
They ordered breakfast, and it was
served by the deponent.
r>Mheer? dl(1 y ° U noUc * • tr * n *» about Mies
Sh« Ftared almost all the time and had a
very sad look on her face. I served breakfast
every morning in their room. Miss Dolbeer
was always abed and Miss Warren was up
Mits Warren cur. me a Up of $3 at the end
of the voyage No I never saw Miss Dol
beer alone. _Mis» Warren wi always at her
5!?'- rom wh * t l "* w la U™ «»m I thought
Ml.^ Warren was acting as a nurs. for Miss
One morning Miss Dolbeer summoned me
and after ordering breakfast asked me to
br:ng a bottle of Poland water. 8he seemed
very much excited and Miss Warren was near
WAS VERY I5IPATIEXT.
"Bring the water flr»t, bring the water
before you bring the breakfast; bring it rtrht
away," Miss Dolbeer kept saying. r
I took the bottle to their room and set it
and a glass on the table. Miss Dolbeer ered
the class intently. * .
"Is it clean V she demanded.
I answered ""*>«." and then she asked-'
Is It truly dean?" Again I aa.urtd heP
that the class wag clean. ¦
Then Miss W«rren looked at her and told
her the sUss was clean, talking as if mi««
Dclbeer were a child; as one would talk to
a child to make it quiet. '
Miss Dolbeer was very silent throughout
the voyae*. I noticed this particularly v«
other pur«is»r« were as quiet aa she Ml««
Dolbeer appeared totally indifferent to anv
thin* and everything during the voyage
The next deposition was that of
William, Popendiek, who was, a deck
steward on the steamer Deutschland
He attended Miss Dolbeer and Miss
Warren when they sat on the deck of
the steamship. The witness said he
"noticed Miss Dolbeer was ill/ looking
sad, sat as if deep in thought." But
he saw no signs of an unbalanced
mind.
Frederick S. Moody, a son of Mrs
J. L. Moody, testified that his mother
was in Europe. She left San Fran
cisco on September 15. Her deposition
will be taken up this morning.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
STEWARDESS TELLS OF OOLBEER VOYAGE
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— That the Dem
ocrats, plunged in defeat, are thinking
seriously of the future of their national
organization was shown to-day by the
wide discussion of the "reorganizing"
of the party and of the policies to be
pursued in the Immediate future. It is
becoming clear that if the "safe and
sane" element pf the party is to remain
in control it must fight to maintain its
ascendency. No one doubts that Wil
liam J. Bryan Intends to make a very
strong effort to take the National Com
mittee and the organization in the va
rious States from Judge Parker. None
very seriously doubts that he will have
the support of Thomas Taggart, chair
man of the National Committee, who
was elected against Judge Parker's
wishes, and in whose selection Judge
Parker acquiesced because there was
nothing else fo do, nor does any one
doubt that Hearst has himself begun a
campaign for the Presidential nomina
tion in 1908 and that he has made some
headway in the way of strengthening
himself in the National Committee.
Hearst and Thomas E. Watson, the
late Populist candidate for President,
it is understood, will be found working
together. It is not clear that Bryan
and Hearst can work together, because
their ambitions clash when the question
of nomination is considered. Bryan de
nied at Lincoln yesterday that he in
tended coming to New York soon to
confer with Hearst and Watson vn the
subject of the reorganization of the
Democratic party. .There ig little doubt
that Bryan is coming on business 'con-;
neeted with the control of the party,'
the only question being whether he is
coming especially to confer with
Hearst. Hearst also had a statement
to make regarding this report. He said:
"I have no knowledge of any meeting
between Mr. Watson, Mr. Bryan and
myself. I think the Democratic party
will reorganize itself on a basis of true
democracy, eliminating the Wall street
influence that proved so disastrous in
this campaign, and I, as a loyal Demo
crat, will be very happy to see that
done. I am always ready to contribute
my own services, and those of my pa
pers, to the Democracy for the reorgani
zation or for any other purpose, if they
shall be required.
"I will be glad to work with all loyal
Democrats for the success of Demo
cratic principles, but I think these
loyal Democrats are quite capable of
choosing their own leaders, and I
imagine this point will now be con
ceded by those who endeavored to
force leaders upon them."
The substance of interviews obtained
from prominent Democrats by The Call
as to the future policy of the party
varies widely. Some, like Hearst,
notably J. G. Johnson of Kansas, a
Bryan follower, belieW the party must
be reorganized on radical lines, with
Wall street influences eliminated.
Others, like Bourke Cockran and Tim
othy D. Sullivan, hold that the party
should wait, should' choose no new lead
ers now, but take advantage of the
mistakes the Republicans will make.
Judge William Lindsay of Kentucky
aaid the party would have done better
to make the tariff more prominent,
and Edward M. Shephard thinks the
old party issues must be maintained.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Representative
W. Bourke Cockran said to-night:
"The Democratic party has not been
left in a constructive position. It has
been linked to death. The affairs of the
country have been placed in the hands
of the Republicans, and we must wait
and see what they are going to do.' If
their policy opens the way to criticism;
we must ' make our plans accordingly
and the people will turn to us to in
quire what we propose. Until that
time comes any man who talks does so
from motives of personal' ambition and
his opinion is worthless."
William Lindsay, formerly United
States Senator from Kentucky, said:
"It is not necessary to go far for an
explanation of the result where the
vote for Parker was less than that
given to Bryan, and for Roosevelt more
than to McKinley. We know that
many who voted for MeKinley voted
yesterday for Parker, and it seems evi
dent that where Parker had one Mc-
Kinley vote, Roosevelt had two Bryan
votes. I expected Roosevelt's election,
but I did not foresee what has hap
pened. 'Now, I suppose, Bryan, and
Hearst will take hold of the party
and attempt to reorganize it. ( Hearst
editorially . declares that the Demo
cratic party must have a Democratic
platform and Democratic nominees.
We have not heard from Bryan yet,
but it is fair to assume that when he
is ready to speak he will say he did
all in his power to assist the Parkar
ticket.
¦ "What he said at the outset was
enough to forestall any : , efforts that he
•might -make afterward* rand -in his
speeches he did not take back anything
that he had said earlier. It is doubt
ful, anyhow, whether he could have
turned over his entire vote. He. as
leader, had to retain his • party regu
larity. Do you imagine that the con
stituents of the two hundred delegates
sent to the St. Louis convention to
work for Hearst voted for Parker?. I
do not think they did."
Joseph G. Johnson of Kansas, a Bry
an leader at Democratic headquarters,
said:
"I felt certain of Parker's defeat be
fore election. The Democratic party
has departed from its own Ideas of
Jeffersonlan Democracy and before It
wins it has got to get back to first
principles. I feel confident that Wil
liam Jennings Bryan will be the can
didate in 1908, on a platform more radi
cal than that of 1896 or 1900."
John DeWitt Warner said:
"The result Is Just what might have
been expected from the tactics pur
sued by the Democrats. The campaign
committee selected was not only unde
serving the confidence of the party, but
an insult to - its intelligence and good
faith. That committee proceeded on the
assumption that success was to be
gained by obtaining trust support or,
at least, dividing it with the Repub
licans: They started the campaign by
suppressing the trust and tariff issues
and attempting to curry favor with the
very interests most opposed to Democ
racy. These tactics failed, the Repub
lican organization receiving the full
trust support.
"In the last few weeks of the cam
paign, an attempt was made to attack
the trusts and press the tariff issue,
but It was too late. In the first place,
the confidence of ,the ' Democratic
voters had been too thoroughly lost to
be regained. In the next place, the
position of Judge Parker made It Im
possible to consistently attack trust
methods and left practically only a
denunciation of the fact that they had
chosen to subsidise ths Republican vot
ers. This seemed to the people to be
merely resentment that the. trusts had
contributed to the Republican instead
of the Democratic campaign fund. The
result was that the cause of Democ
racy fell between two stools. What Is
the duty of the party? Stop time serv
ing; find out what Democratic prin
ciples, are and take the aggressive."
Frederick W. Henrichs said:
"In my opinion the party must take
-a more radical stand on some of the
great , questions advocated by Bryan,
such as Government ownership of the
railroads and municipal ownership of
public utilities. 11 .
SUTTER CREEK, Nov. 9.— This
town and Amarior City are excited to
night over the result of the Coroner's
inquest on the death of Mrs. Dr.
Staples. The result of the chemical
analysis shows that arsenic was in
the stomach and the Coroner's Jury
therefore gave a verdict of death pro
duced by arsenic administered by un
known persons.
Sheriff Norman of this county has
telegraphed instructions to arrest
Staples and Mrs. Hoxie, both of whom
are missing.
It will be remembered that after the
body of the woman was exhumed the
stomach and bowels were sent to San
Francisco for a chemical analysis.
There was considerable delay In get
ting the results, but they came at last,
and the Coroner proceeded with the
Inquest with the foregoing verdict.
It is now known that for some time
past a San Francisco detective has
been in the wake of Dr. Staples and
Mrs. Hoxie. The couple are alleged
to have been comfortably quartered in
the 1100 block on Market street, and
the doctor, it is said, had introduced
Mrs. Hoxie as his wife. For some time
detectives occupied a room adjoining
to that occupied by the happy couple
and conversed with them freely.
When Dr. Staples read of the ac
count in the newspapers of the body
of Mrs. Staples beln^. exhumed he
made a quick departure and Mrs.
Hoxie •iisappeared the same time.
Nothing is known at the present as to
the whereabouts of either.
Photographs of both are now In the
hands of the officers, and it is believed
they will soon be captured.
REPORT OF ARMISTICE.
TOKIO. Nov. 10.— It is reported that
General Stoessel. commanding the be
sieged forces at Port Arthur, has asked
the Japanese for an armistice, the Dur
pose of which is not stated. A con
firmation of the report is unobtainable.
It is hoped here that General Stoessel
will capitulate before the city proper
is taken. The Japanese soldiers are
angry and inflamed on account of the
alleged abuse of the wounded by the
Russians. They believe they will be
murdered if captured. Under these con
ditions It will possibly be difficult to
avoid a massacre when the troops meet
in the final combat.
Stoessel Said to Have Made Overtures
:,-. ¦.; , to the Japanese.
Policeman Charles T. Russell was
found guilty of disobedience of orders
and fined $5.
P. W. Gorman, who conducts an em
ployment agency at 612 Merchant
street, sent twelve men to Aberdeen,
Washington, last month to work as
mill hands. The men each paid Gor
man $S 50, which included employment
fee and steamer fare. The men re
ported at the mill but were not given
employment. On their return here they
demanded return of their $S 50. Gor
man was willing to return the $2 for
employment fees, but refused to- pay
the rest of the money. The commis
sioners advised Gorman to settle the
matter with the steamship people, as
they were partly responsible.
Michael O'Rourke, charged with
making an illegal arrest, was declared
not guilty. .
Policeman Edward J. Plume, charged
with neglect of duty, was found guilty
and reprimanded by the board.
S. Gianelles and P. Karides. proprie
tors of a restaurant at 833 Howard
street, were deprived of the right to
sell Uquor. Policeman Hendricks re
ported that he had seen a poker game
conducted in the restaurant and drinks
were served without meals.
The Police Commissioners at their
meeting last night postponed the case
of William Pratt, the saloon man, 138
Mason street, until the next meeting
of the • board, when an additional
charge will be investigated.
Policemen Burd and Smith, who had
been detailed to make an investigation
of the saloon, reported that W. W.
Stewart, living at 140 Mason street,
said that he had been beaten with a
blackjack by Pratt and "done up" in
such a way that he was confined to his
bed for several days.
Stewart told the policemen that a
weman friend of his was in the saloon
at 2 o'clock on the morning of Octo
ber 31. He said he was living In the
Essex, a hotel above the saloon, and
he sent word down to have the woman
come upstairs. Pratt sent word back
that the woman could not come up. as
she was going to sing. Stewart alleges
that he went downstairs and tried to
get the woman out of the saloon.
¦ He got into a fight with Pratt and
did not know what happened there
after, as he was knocked unconscious.
He said that witnesses to the fight
told him that Pratt used a blackjack
and kicked him when he was down.
Stewart was intoxicated when he was
beaten and thought that he was partly
responsible for the trouble and there
fore he would not bring charges
against Pratt.
Army Orders.
WASHIXGTOX. Nov. 9. — By order
of the War Department Sergeant Em
mett E. Skirvin of Troop A. Twelfth
Cavalry, now at the Presidio at San
Francisco is transferred to the Coast
Artillery as a private. He will report
to the commanding general of the De
partment of California at San Fran
cisco for assignment to a company.
Ocean Travel.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Siberian
from Glaseow for St. Johns, N. F.
CLYDE— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr SerapU for
Seattle.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nor 9— Stmr Liver
pool, via Queenatown; stmr Amsterdam for
Rotterdam; stmr United States for Copen
hagen. •.¦.•¦;-
Philip Brophy, a marine attached to
the battleship Ohio, last night visited
a saloon at 425 Pacific street, conduct
ed by Mrs. Arthur Coulter, and while
the proprietor was dozing on a lounge
he proceeded to rob her room. Bro
phy was detected by the barkeeper in
the act of rifling Mrs. Coulter's trunk
and was turned over to Detective Me-
Grayan. When searched at the police
station two of the woman's diamond
rings were found in Brophy's pockets
and he was booked on a charge of
grand larceny.
Is Charged With Larceny.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The next State Legislature will be
overwhelmingly Republican. From re
turns at hand it is^ figured that in the
two houses there will be 103 Republi
cans and but 17 Democrats. This will
greatly increase the Republican ma
jority and will broaden the fight for
United States Senator. Following are
the detailed figures:
SEXATE DISTRICT'S.
• Senate District No. 1— Selvage (R.) 4980.
Thorpe (D.) 1786.
Senate District No. 8 — Irish (R.) 4482, Snyder
(D.) 412S. .
Senate District No. 8— Rush (R.) 6314, Reams
(D.) 27B8.
Senate District No. . 7— McKea (R.) 6273,
Cohn (D.) 3748.
Senate District No. 9— Belshaw (R.) 4403,
Randall (D.) 2817.
Senate District No. 11— Muenter (R.) 8920.
Lawrence (D.) 2997.
Senate District No. 13 — Mattos (R.) 2871.
Senate District No. 14 — Simpson (R.) 3259.
Senate District No. 15— Lukens (R.) 6882.
Faw (D.) 14UT.
Senate Districts 17 to 26— In Ban Francisco
County.
Senate District No. 27 — Davis (R.) ,
Lumley (D.) .
Senate District No. 29 — Rambo (R.) 3S24,
White (D.) 3289.
Senate District No.. 80— Leeke (R.) 3251.
Boyd (D.) 2783.
Senate District No. 81— Lynch (R.) 4822, Fe
ll* (D.) 3417.
Senate District No. 33— Qreenwell (R.)
43i.'4, Orena (D.) 2239.
Senate District No. 85 — Broughton (R.)
B102. Dillon (D.) 2559.
Senate District No. 37 — Carter (R.) 4460.
Gould (D.) 1791.
Senate District No. J 89 — Anderson (R.)
D245, Mills (I). ) 1906.
ASSEMBLY DISTRICTS.
First District— Coyle (R.) 25US, Wells (D.)
1606.
Second District — Rolley (R.) 2014. Qulnn (D.)
1041.
Third DUtrict — Branstetter (R.) 1229. D«
Carle (D.J &00. . ¦ ¦
¦ Fourth .District— Creighton (R.) 2616. Peter
ton (DvXlees.
Fifth DUtrict— Gan» (R.) 1442, Freeman
(S.) SIS.
Sixth District— Held (R.) 1000. Weger (D.)
1300.
Seventh district — Gates (R.) 2514. Armstrong
(D.) 1454.
Eighth District — Manwell (R.) 1552. Bull
(D.) 1352.
Ninth District— Whitney (R.) 1909. Sweeney
(D.) 1430.
Tenth DiBtrict— Duryea (R.) 2394, Livingston
(D.) 1714. . /
Eleventh District — McKenney (R.) 2530,
Messenger (D.) 1712.
Twelfth District— Weyand (R.) 2253, Gels
(D.) 21C5.
Thirteenth District — Cronwell (R.) 2478. Gal-,
laxher (D.) 1386.
Fourteenth District— Trlpp (R.) 21S5, Dun
bar (D.) 2080..
Fifteenth District— Kin* (R.) 2223, Walsh
(D.) 1277.
Sixteenth District— TutU* (R.) 1532, Haw
kins (D.) 1554.
Seventeenth District — Busick (R.) 2378, Seay
(D.) 5S1.
Eighteenth DUtrict— O'Brien- (R.) 2879, Har
ris (D.) 037.
Nineteenth District— Lynch (R.) 2271, Stev
ens U>.) 9CU.
Twentieth District— Devlin (R.) 3406, Mc-
Pika (D.) 1337.
Twenty-flrst District — Olmstead (R.) 2028.
Irwln (D.) 878.
Twenty-second District — E1U (R.) 2207.
(D.) 210.
Twenty-third District— Beardsle* (R.) 2283,
Cowell (D.) 1231.
Twenty-fourth DUtrtct— Moor* (R.) 2157/
Corcoran (D.) 1311.
Twenty-nfth District — Burgs (R.) 2123,
Yokum (D.) . 2145.
Twenty-sixth District— Fette (R.) 1289, Jones
(D.) 1641.
Twenty-seventh District — Davis (R.) 1954,
Luml«y (D.) 2119.
Assembly Districts 28 to 4S are in Ban
Francisco.
Forty-sixth Dlstriot — Btrawbridga (R.) 2706,
Joseph (D.) 1306.
Forty-seventh District — Bates (R.) 2271.
Dodd (D.) 330.
Forty-eighth District — Walsh (R.) 1853,
French (D.) 399.
Forty-ninth DUtrict — Burke (R.) 2281, Shay
(D.) 531. r ¦
Fiftieth District— Bliss (R.) 8164, Custice
(D.) 2.
Flfty-flrst Dlstriot — Cspey (R.) 2482, Slaugh
ter <D.) 697.
Fit ty-aecond Dlstriot — Waat* <R.) 8336,
Powell (D.) 764.
Fifty-third. DUtrict^-Jury (».) 2008, Callan
(D.) 950.
Fifty-fourth District— Cleveland (R.) 2168,
Hoolfhan (D.) 1780.
FUty-flfth District — Arnerich (R.) 2482.
Trousdale (D.) 1200.
Fifty-sixth District— Jarvls (R.) 2311, Wal
dorf (D.) 1030.
Fifty-seventh District— Mich el tree (R.) 2530,
MUnes (D.) 743.
Fifty-eighth District— Sl&ren (R.) 804, Moore
(D.) 800.
Fifty-ninth District— Cooper (R.) 2280. Wide
man 1421.
Sixtieth District— Chandler (R.) 8108. Ora
ham,(D.) 1350.
Sixty-first District — Drew (R.) 2108, Brick
ley (D.) 1749.
Sixty-second District — Fox (R.) 883. Pryor
(D.) 909. . .
Sixty-third District— John (R.) 1893, Rigdon
(D.) 1198.
Sixty-fourth District— Pyle (R.) 2275. Dim
mock (D.) 1670. \
Sixty-fifth District— Perkins <R.) 2025.
Moultrte (D.) 819.
Sixty-sixth DUtrict— Dorsey (R.) 2237, Bran
da ge (D.) 2097. . '
Sixty-seventh DUtrict— Goodrich (R.) 2718,
Webster CD.) 803.
Sixty-eighth District— Johnston (R.) 2106,
Cronewett (D.) 1073.
Sixty-ninth District — Thompson (R.) 3974,
Johnston (D.) 1603.
Seventieth District— Wickersham (R.) 4247.
Stoermer (D.) 1795.
Seventy-first DUtrict— Stanton (R.) 3009
Wood (D.) 1114.
Seventy-second ,' District — McCartney. (R.)
2952. Bylngton (D.) 030.
Seventy-third District — Transue (R.) 2892
Plant CD.) 1110. , "
Seventy-fourth District — Houser (R) 3450
Carlson (D.) 1595.
• Seventy-fifth District— Krlmmlnger (R.)
3472. .Mansfield (D.) 1201.
Seventy-sixth District— Prescott (R.) 3353.
Pouse (D.) 1325.
Seventy-seventh. District — Amertge (R.) 2512
Hankey (D.) 1361.
Seventy-eighth District— EttudlUo (R.) 2T»ft2.
Hudson (D.> 680. • . »...-.>
;<*¦ Seventy-ninth District— Barnes (R.) 2196.
Wells (D.) 984.
Eightieth District — Johnson (R.) 1550. Shaw
(D.) 767. ,. .
Special Dispatch to The Call
Declares Reorganiza
tion of Party Is
•¦ Imperative.
Conservative Faction
Is Denounced in
Interviews.
Returns Indicate a
Hundred and Three
¦ to Seventeen.
QUICKLY DROP PARKER
HEARST TO THE FORE
MAJORITY IS SWELLED
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Legislature Will Be
Overwhelmingly
Republican.
W. W. Stewart Belates to
Bluecoat Story of Assault
in Mason Street Saloon
He and Mrs. Hoxie Disappear
From Their Booms on Mar
ket Street at Same Time
Hope to Drive Out the
"Safe and Sane"
Element.
Democratic Leaders
Again Lining Up
With Bryan-
PHYSICIAN IS MISSIXG
Coroner's Jury at Slitter
Creelc Finds Doctor's Wife
Was Poisoned by Arsenic
?
Police Commissioners Hear
of How 3Ian Was Beaten in
Pratt and Tiernev's Place
TELLS OF A BLACKJACK
FEW PLACES
ARE WON BY
DEMOCRATS
RADICALS
WILL SEIZE
THE REINS
RETURNING
TO PARTY'S
OLD IDOLS
RESORT STILL
IN BAD REPUTE
WARRANT OUT
FOR STAPLES
FACTIONS AGAIN REND DEMOCRACY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
2
To Cure a .Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine , Tablet*. All
dniKElsts refund the money if it falls to'enre.
k w Grove's tlcnature Is on each box. 2&a.«
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
Your Choice of
A CLEAVER
— Or—
AN EMERY STEEL.
Both desirable articles and un-
usually big values.
Free With Every Small Ad
See Small Ad. Page for Further
Particulars.
jBBaPf ¦ ¦ ¦ __ ¦ ...._i-"!. : , . . -¦ I^JUGSCO.
San £"ranciaco, Tburaday. 10 November, l'.'ol.
"Quality" la the Issue that carries the day in every successful business
• campaign. Breuner stores have always supported this plank.
Weathered oak
loilcl IqdIc, 4^20
Weathered oak is no longer confined to living-
room and dining-room furniture — it has found iu 1
way into the sleeping-room. The toilet table pic-
tured above is in weathered oak and is very grace-
, fully designed. Measures 60 inches high to top of
• mirror, and 28 inches wide. Also in golden oak at $20.
.Remember, you save fifty miles freight charges
if you buy at B^reuner's. ._
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union Square
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
DO YOD GETlF
WITH A LAME BACK?
Haue You Rheumatism, Kiciney, Liver
or Bladder Trouble'?
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our
Readers May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by MaiL
Pi:n or dull ache in the back is un- | lack of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow
rr.i-takable evidence of kidney trouble, j complexion.
It is Nature's timely warning to show j If your water when allowed to re-
you that the track «>f health is not main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
clear. for twenty-four hours forms a sedi-
If *.hese dangrer signal? are un- ment or settling, or has a cloudy ap-
heeded more serious results are sure I pearance. it is evidence that your kid-
to follow; Bright's disease, which is j neys and bladder need immediate at-
the worst form of kidney trouble, may j tention.
steal upon you. In taking Swamp-Root you afford
The mild and the rxtraordinary ef- j natural help to Nature, for Swamp-
feet of the world-famous kidney and j Root is the most perfect healer and
Madder remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- i gentle aid to the kidneys that is
Root, is soon realized. It stand? the \ known to medical science,
highest for its wonderful cures of the • In order to prove the wonderful
most distressing cases. A trial will ! merits of Swamp-Rcot you may have
convince any one— and you may have j a sample bottle and a book of valu-
a sample bottle free, by mail. j able information, both sent abso-
O-entlemen — Z attribute my present i lutely free by mail. The book con-
rood health to Swwnp-Eoot. I inffered] tains many of the thousands upon
ba<£ 1 thousands of testimonial letters re-
Your great remedy, Swanp-Root, cured ceived from men and women cured.
017 trouble, and I have since been per- The value and success of Swamp-Root
xectly well. y O ur« truly, ' s 5 ? we^ known that our readers are
B. H. cbaiker. Ex-chief of Police. advised to send for a sample bottle.
, • Ozark, Ala. In sending your address to Dr. Kil-
Lame back is only one symptom of mer & Co., ¦ Binghamton,- N. Y., be
kidney trouble — one of many. Other sure to say you read this generous
symptoms showing that you . need offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
Swamp-Root are, being obliged to Tfie genuineness of this offer is guar-
pass water often during the day and anteed.
to get up many times during tl.e If you are already convinced that
night, inability to hold your .urine. Swamp-Root is what you need, you
smarting or irritation in passing, j can purchase 'the regular fifty-cent
brick-dust or sediment in the urine, and one-dollar size bottle at drug
catarrh of the bladder, uric acid, con- stores everywhere. Don't make any
stant headache, dizziness, poor diges- mistake, but remember the name
tion. sleeplessness, nervousness, ir- Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
regular heart beating, rheumatism, Root, and the address, Binghamton
bloating, irritability, worn-out feeling,! N. Y., on every bottle.did ale for Governor.
OMAHA. Neb. Nov. 9. — Probably
'complete returns will be required to
determine who is elected Governor of
Nebraska. Outside of Governor, how
ever, the Republicans have made a
clean sweep on national. State, Con
gressional and Legislative tickets.
Nebraska Fusionists Elect Their Can-
Boy Killed by Train.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 9. — Fred
Mungai. the 12-year-old son of a
prominent merchant of this city, was
killed this evening at 7 o'clock at the
G-street crossing of the Santa Fe
Railroad. The boy was riding on the
switchboard of the engine. He fell
off at the crossing and was ground
under the wheels. Death was In
stantaneous.
Nearly 2 to I in Rhode Island.
PROVIDENCE. R. I., Nov. 9. —
Complete returns from Rhode Island
for President give Roosevelt 40.898.
Parker 24,924; Roosevelt's plurality
1 C AT A
WILMINGTON. Del.. Nov.
plete but unofficial returns give Roose
velt a plurality of 4100 in Delaware.
Lee, the Republican compromise can
didate for Governor, carried the State
by a plurality of 2800.
Four Thousand in Delaware.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 9. — Returns
from about one-third of the voting
precincts of the State give Roosevelt
27,381, Parker 15,992, Debs 1509. The
precincts reported include many of
the heavy Republican districts, but so
uniform has been the gain for Roose
velt that it is now evident his plural
ity in the State will be far in excess of
the first estimates. Not half of the
voting districts of Salt Lake County
have been heard, from and probably
will not be until to-morrow, as in
many Instances yxhe judges, complete
ly exhausted by the hard work of
counting scratched tickets,, have aban
doned the work in' order to get some
sleep. ¦¦' ,. .
. . Republican State - Chairman Spry
to-day claimed the election of the en-
First Stated.
Roosevelt's Plurality Greater Than at
UTAH EXCEEDS ESTIMATES.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— The figures
show to-nleht that Roosevelt has car
ried Illinois by over 290,000. The
plurality for DIneen for Governor is
placed at 274,900. Roosevelt carried
Chicago by 107,229, and the county
outside of the city by 16,182, making
his total plurality in Cook County
123,411.
Roosevelt Leads Dlnecn.
Congressman Jackson (R.) of the
Fifth District claims that frauds or
trick ballots were used in the dis
trict and while he admits that the
count shows that Smith was elected
says that he will contest the seat.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 9. — On the
face of the unofficial returns Maryland
is Republican on the Presidential tick
et by a small majority. Ah official
count may be required to decide the
result. Three Republican Congress
men and three Democratic Congress
men were elected.
Determine the Result.
Official Count Will Be Required to
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 9. — The Call
fornlan to-day will publish the an
nouncement that the Standard Oil
Company will again purchase Kern
River oil at 15 cents a barrel for 14
gravity and over. Some two months
ago the company cut prices to ll^i
cents and then stopped all purchases,
with the result that the Independent
producers have organized to market
their own oil.
Raises Price of Oil.
CLOSE IN MARYLAND.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Nov. 9.— State
Chairman McCall claimed | that,' Little
ton (R.) had carried the State 'for Gov
ernor. This the Democrats will not
concede. The Legislature, which will
choose a United States Senator, is over
whelmingly Democratic. Of the ten
Congressmen, the Democrats elected
eight, the Republicans two.
Governors Close In Tennessee.
SALINAS, Nov. 9. — An unknown
man about 38 years of age was
found this morning in a helpless con
dition alongside the railroad track
near King City and was brought here.
He is in a semi-conscious state, but
makes motions to signify that he was
struck by something, but cannot ex
plain what. He constantly mutters as
though trying to talk. He is thought
to be sufferinc from a paralytic
stroke. He is well dressed.
Found Lying Helpless.
MICKEY IifOBABLY BEATEN.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 9. — Roose
velt's plurality in Oregon will exceed
4 0.000 and may attain the remark
able figure of 4 5,000. The Republi
cans carried every county in the State,
whereas in 15(00 Bryan carried five
counties. Debs made an amazing run
in this State, in some sections passing
Parker. The .Socialist party polled
over 7000 votes.
BUTTE, Mont.. Nov. 9.— Returns
from the outlying districts will give
Roosevelt a majority of about 10.000,
Joseph M. Dixon <R.), for Congress,
4000. and J. K. Toole (D.). for Gov
ernor. C000. The Legislature is
claimed by both parties.
?
""•sons Large Socialist Vote.
county not having been heard from at
all yet- The figures received up to 9
p. m. do not materially change the
estimates made last night. Roosevelt
has about 25,000 plurality and Good-
Ing for Governor between 18,000 and
20,000. The rest of the State ticket
runs about with Gooding. The Re
publicans appear to have elected
every member of the Legislature with
the possible exception of one mem
ber of the House in Custer County.
Montana Legislature in Doubt.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 9. — The re
turns from the State were completed
to-day and the figures show that the
Republican 'electors received a plu
rality of 86,279 in a total vote of 422,
825. The votes for President were:
Roosevelt 204,552, Parker 168,273.
For Governor — Douglas (D.) 234,
311, Bates (R.) 198,601; Douglas* plu
rality 35.710. ,
Both the total vote for the two par
ties and the Republican plurality for
Presidential 1 , electors are the largest
ever recorded in the State.
! On the other hand, the vote for
Governor shows a plurality for the
Democratic candidate of 35,710 and
the 'defeat of Governor Bates in a
Presidential year, which is considered
one of the most inexplicable features
of recent elections.
With the* exception of Governor
Bates the Republican State ticket was
elected by substantial pluralities. The
Legislature is overwhelmingly Repub
lican.
Bay State's Governor-Elect Has a
Lead of 35,710.
DOUGLAS' FINE RUN.
RENO, Nev., Nov. 9. — Returns from
this State are still incomplete. Out of
176 precincts only seventy-eight have
been heard from. The last estimate
of Roosevelt's plurality is about 2000.
The Congressional fight is still in
doubt, with Yerlngton (R.) leading
Van Duzer (D.) by 145 in the precincts
heard from. Both parties claim the
Legislature, but the most conservative
Democrats concede it to Nixon by
about two votes on joint ballot for
United States Senator. Washoe Coun
ty has given an unprecedented ma
jority to the whole Republican ticket.
of Nevada.
Claims a Majority of the Legislature
The Legislative returns are still in
complete, but from figures available
it is reasonably certain that both
houses will be clearly Republican. In
Omaha and Douglas County the Re
publican victory was none the less
complete, except on Governor. All
the county offices are Republican.
President Roosevelt carried the
State by probably 7500. Only two
Congressional districts— the Second
and Third— were at any time in doubt
and to-day's figures place them in the
Republican column, thus giving a
solid Republican delegation from Ne
braska. ' -, - -» ._ *
outside of Omaha and Douglas Coun
ty which show a net gain of 1908 for
Berge, Fuslonist candidate for Gov
ernor. With this ratio of gain main
tained the result will be close, as
Berge managed to carry Douglas
County by about 2500 plurality,
which, with the outside gains, would
probably overcome Mickey's plurality
of 5000 of two years ago.
, The World-Herald (D.) has returns
from 367 precincts outside of Doug-
™ C< l unty whIch Rhow a net gain of
1*63 for Berge. which would clearly
elect him should that ratio be main
tained.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
NIXON 3IAY GO TO SENATE.
SAN RAFAEL. Nov. 9. — Warden
Tompklns received a telegram to
night from Governor Pardee granting
William Buckley, who was to have
been hanged Friday, a reprieve of
one week.
Buckley was convicted of murder
in the first degree on February 7,
1902. and on April 26 of the same
year was sentenced to be hanged.
Buckley was convicted of killing a
non-union machinist named Rice.
This is the third reprieve that has
been granted the condemned man.
ANOTHER REPRIEVE
IS GRANTED BUCKLEY
PARKERSBURG, W. Va., Nov. 9. —
The Democrats concede that Roose
velt has j carried the State by over
10,000, while the Republicans claim
Roosevelt's majority will be the larg
est'ever given to any candidate by the
State and may exceed 30,000.
The Democrats have not conceded
the election of Dawson, the Republi
can nominee for Governor, although
his election is claimed by the Repub
licans by over 20,000.
Roosevelt's Majority Will Be Largest
Ever Given Any Candidate.
VOTE IX WEST VIRGINIA.
The Call, to ascertain the strength
of the respective candidates, Interro
gated various members of the Legis
lature in New York and Kings County
as to their preference. It was dis
closed that Kings County would be al
most solidly in favor of re-election of
Depew and that New York County
would vote for Depew if it were agree
able to Governor Odell. On the other
hand. If Governor Odell desired the
nomination himself or decided to sup
port Black for the Senatorshlp, there
is little doubt that New York County
members, with practical unanimity,
would do Just as the Governor wished.
The Call was Informed to-day by
two very prominent politicians, one an
official of the State committee who is
in the confidence of Senator Platt, and
the other a well-known membeV of
Congress from the interior of the
State, in the confidence of Governor
Odell, that an adjustment had been
made of the differences between De
pew And Black and that Depew would
return to the Senate unchallenged, it
was stated that Governor Odell had
said there would be no opposition to
Depew.
NEW YORJv, Nov. 9.— "Has Frank
S. Black abandoned his ambition to
be elected United States Senator to
Bucceed Senator Chauncey M. De
pew?" was a question asked very gen
erally in Republican circles to-day. It
was agreed that if Black had not
abandoned his intention the liveliest
sort of a fight would occur between
himself and Depew at Albany in Janu
ary — one backed by Governor Odell,
the other by Senator Platt.
New York's Former Governor a Pos
sible Senatorial Aspirant.
BLACK MAY OPPOSE DEPEW.
The youth who did the killing Is a
cousin of John Shock, candidate for
Supervisor, and the fatal quarrel may
have arisen over politics. Myers was
35 years of age and only recently
came to Hay Fork from Fresno.
REDDING, Nov. 9. — Fred Shock,
aged 19 years, killed B. F. Myers, a
barber, at Hay Fonk. Trinity County,
this morning by striking him on the
head with a shovel. The people of.
Hay Fork, a remote settlement, seem
strangely reticent about giving out
any particulars of the crime over the
telephone. Coroner Ryan, Sheriff.
Bergin and District Attorney Given
have left Weaverville for the scene
of the crime.
YOUNG MEN QUARREL
AND ONE IS KILLED
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— The sentiment
which swept the Republican candidates
into office will be reflected In the next
House of Representatives. From fig
ures obtained by the Associated Press
the Republicans have elected 233 Rep
resentatives and the Democrats 14L the
12 remaining districts yet to be heard
from being now equally divided be
tween the two parties. The Republi
can majority In the next House will,
therefore, be at least 92.
Republicans Will Have Ninety-Two
Over Their Opponents.
Supreme Court bench, possibly as the
successor of Justice Fuller, who is ex
pected soon to resign. President Roose
velt considers Secretary Taft to be of
full Presidential size, and he.also con
siders Elihu Root, Taft's predecessor,
as a most available man for the Repub
lican standard bearer. Root has the
added distinction and qualification or
being a New Yorker.
Senator Fairbanks is as good as an
announced candidate. Another man
more demonstrative than he would
have already declared a candidacy.
Senators Fairbanks and Beveridge
are always at swords' points in Indi
ana, although they seldom admit it.
One administration official . expressed
the opinion to-day that they would kill
each other off as candidates for first
place on the ticket.
Secretary Shaw has worked harder
on the stump than any other membei
bf the Cabinet in this campaign. It has
done Shaw quite as much good as
President Roosevelt. He doubtless will
fce an active candidate for the nomina
tion, strengthening his fences at every
opportunity in the meantime. He is ex*
pected to remain Secretary of the
Treasury 'during the next administra
tion.
Secretary Taft is regarded as the
man with the brightest chance, but his
disposition is more toward a judicial
life, and many of his friends believe he
would greatly prefer a place on the
The President has long held positive
convictions on the third-term question.
When Judge Parker, In his speech of
acceptance, declared he would not take
a second term if elected, the President
privately admitted that he was opposed
to a third term for himself, as well as
for any one else. He declined at that
time to declare himself out of the race
in 1908. This he did because he feared
that a declaration would be taken as
an effort to make political capital in
the campaign. He thought over the
form of his statement and gave it out
as soon as the returns showed a Re
publican victory.
This announcement throws the field
wide open to all ambitious, willing and
reluctant candidates. ,If the President
had not eliminated himself last night
there would soon have been indirect
pressure brought by the various candi
dates for Presidential honors in 1908.
That was the case after President Me-
Kinley was elected in 1900. His con
victions were well known, but Senator
Fairbanks and other ambitious men de
sired a formal declaration.
Immediately after the Philadelphia
convention in X900 Senator Fairbanks
began to plan for the nomination in
1904; Leslie M. Shaw, then Governor of
Iowa, began putting up a modest light
ning rod, and the Roosevelt supporters
would soon have been in the line, when
President McKinley was assassinated.
This changed the entire political as
pect. Everybody conceded that Roose
velt would be his own successor until
his opposition to the trusts caused talk
of Senator Hanna.
The following men ( are considered
available for the nomination In 1908:
Elihu Root of New York. William H.
Taf t of Ohio, Leslie M. Shaw of Iowa,
Senator Fairbanks, Senator' Knox and
Senator. Beveridge of Indiana.
Within the past few weeks it has be
come known here that Senator Bever
idge covets the Republican nomination.
That President Roosevelt should so
soon declare himself out is not consid
ered favorable to Senator Beveridge.
It is improbable that a Beveridge boom
will be formally launched much before
1908.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 9.—Presi
dent Roosevelt made up his mind fully
two weeks ago that as soon as he was
elected he would forswear a third term.
This decision was reached without
importunity from any of the * several
prominent public men considered avail
able for the Republican nomination
tour years hence.
"A little over a month ago we esti
mated 4 50,000 votes would be polled
in the United States. The returns will
exceed these figures. Our gains have
been losses to the Democratic party.
Four years from now I expect the
Democratic party to disappear. Then
It will be a trial of Socialism against
Republicanism — labor against capi
tal." u-
CHICAGO, Nov. 9. — The cheers that
rang" from Socialist audiences last
night when the election bulletins
showed heavy gams for Debs were re
echoed to-day in expressions of satis
faction by Socialist leaders In Chica
go. One of the foremost of these,
Charles H. Kerr, predicted that the
Democracy would disappear before
the next Presidential election and the
issue would be Socialism versus,Re
publicanism.
"A month ago," said Kerr, "we es
timated that nearly 45,000 Socialist
votes would be polled in Illinois. Yes
terday's election shows that nearly
that many were cast in Chicago alone,
the returns showing 42,350. Perhaps
as many more will be - recorded
throughout the State, although large
crowded cities are breeding spots for
the theory of industrial freedom for
which Socialism stands.
Predict the Disappearance of the
Democratic Party.
BIG JIAJdRITY IN THE HOUSE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOCIALISTS ELATED.
Gossip Turns Upon the Republican Nomination
Four Years Hence.
PRESIDENTIAL LIGHTNING RODS ARE UP
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9. — Seth Bul
lock, who was once captain of the
Black Hills Rangers and whom the
President thinks is a fine type of
American, wired to him yesterday:
"We're making good medicine out
here in Dakota." .
The President got . the dispatch
about the time New York and all the
other Eastern States were rolling up
Roosevelt majorities. He wired in re
turn: "We're making good medicine
here, too."
President's Pertinent Reply to Cap
tain Seth Bullock of Dakota.
ALL "GOOD MEDICINE."
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 9. — Grace Wil
liams, the 12-year-old daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. George Williams, resid
ing near Cloverdale, was burned to
death to-day by an explosion of coal
oil, with which she was attempting to
light a fire. It was the old story of
holding an oil can over a fire and
pouring oil on the embers. A ter
rific explosion followed the pouring
of the oil. and the clothing which en
veloped the form of the little girl was
Instantly ablaze. She ran from the
house shrieking for help, and before
assistance reached her had sustained
injuries which caused her death in a
few hours. At the time of the acci
dent the cirl was alone in the house
and was arranging to prepare the
family's noonday meal. A verdict of
accidental death was rendered by the
Coroner's Jury.
Uses Coal Oil Can to Hasten tho
Blaze, With the Usual
Result.
GIRL FATALLY BURNED
WHILE LIGHTING FIRE
NEW YORK. Nov. 9. — Returns from
the whole State show that Roosevelt
has 174.O0Q plurality and that Hlggins
for Governor has 80,000 plurality. The
Legislature will have 102 Republicans
out of 150 and 35 Republican Senators
out of 50. Parker carries Greater New
York, with one election district miss
ing, by 35,999. Brooklyn was carried by
Roosevelt by 1080 votes. Herrlck (D.)
for Governor carried Greater New
York, with one election district miss-
Ing, by 80,625 votes, and Brooklyn by
5404.
Roosevelt lias Plurality of Nearly Two
« Hundred Thousand.
NEW YORK'S TESTIMONIAL.
In the Legislature, Chairman Connor
of the La Follette State Central Com
mittee claims, there will be eighty
members pledged to carry out fhe
measures advocated by Governor La
Follette. Of this number sixty-three
are Assemblymen and seventeen 1 Sena
tors, or a majority of each house. Chair
man Golden of the Stalwart faction
claims that the Stalwarts and Demo
crats combined will control a majority
of each house, and he predicts that if
Senator Quarles is not re-elected the
Legislature probably will find Itself In
a deadlock.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Nov. 9.— The
result of the election In Wisconsin
shows that Roosevelt ran ahead of
every expectation and carried the State
by a plurality estimated at between
60,000 and 75,000; that Governor La Fol
lette has been re-elected by a plurality
of about 50,000 and that the Congres
sional complexion remains unchanged
from two years ago. The Legislature,
which is to elect a United States Sena
tor to succeed J. V. Quarles, is largely
Republican,, and. the question of
whether Wisconsin shall have a pri
mary election law has carried by a safe
majority.
One of the surprises in the election
was the big increase in the vote of the
Social-Democratic party. Four years
ago that party polled 4453 votes in Mil
waukee; two years ago, 10,704, and in
this election, 1S".12O. The Social-Demo
crats elected four Assemblymen and
one Senator to the Legislature.
Wisconsin's Governor Claims a Ma
jority of the Legislature.
LA FOLLETTE'S VICTORY.
STATE. Roosevelt. Parker.
Alabama — it
Arkansas ........ — 9
California 1© —
Colorado 5 —
Connecticut 7 —
Delaware 3 —
Florida — 5
Georgia — 13
Idaho 3 —
Illinois 27 —
Indiana 15 —
Iowa 13 — i
Kansas 10 —
Kentucky .' — 13
Louisiana — 0
Maine 6 —
Maryland 8 —
Massachusetts.... 16 —
Michigan 14 —
Minnesota 11 —
Mississippi — 10
Missouri 18 —
Montana 3 —
Nebraska 8 —
Nevada 3 —
New Hampshire. . -1 —
Xetv Jersey .... 12 — •
New York 39 —
North Carolina... — 12
North Dakota .... 4 —
Ohio 23 —
Oregon 4 —
.Pennsylvania .... 34 —
Rhode Island ... 4 —
South Carolina.. . — 9
South Dakota ... 4 —
Tennesee — 13
Texas — 18
Utah 3 —
Vermont 4 —
Virginia — 12
"Wnshinjrton 5 —
West Virginia ... !_ —
Wisconsin 13* —
Wyoming 3 —
Total 343 133
ROOSEVELT'S MAJORITY - - 210
Statehood was the Issue upon which
the campaign was fought in Oklahoma
and the result is an indorsement of the
Hamilton bill, which has passed the
lower house of Congress and which
provides joint statehood for Oklahoma
and Indian Territory In 1906.
GUTHRIE, Okla., Novi 9. — The
day's election returns show slight
changes from last night's estimate and
these are favorable to the Republicans.
Returns from twenty of twenty-six
counties indicate the re-election of B.
C. McGulre (R.) as Delegate to Con
gress by about 1800 majority over
Frank Matthews. The Democratic
committee, while not conceding defeat,
will give out no figures.
Oklahoma's Vote an Indorsement of
t the Hamilton Bill.
FAVORS JOINT STATEHOOD.
"When that time comes, and come it
will, the people will turn to the Demo
cratic party for relief and the party
should be ready— ready with an or
ganization of patriotic citizens cover
ing every election district, who are will
ing to work for the good of the cause—
an organization supported by as many
town. city, county and State officers as
we are able to elect in the meantime.
"We entered this canvass with
ESOPUS, N. T., Nov. 9.— Judge Park
er to-night gave to the press the fol
lowing open letter:
"ESOPUS, N. Y., Nov. 9. 1904. To
the Democrats of the nation: bur
thanks are' due to the members of the
National Committee and to the exec
utive committee In charge of the cam
paign for most unselfish, capable and
brilliant party service. All that it was
possible for men to do they did. but
our difficulty was beyond the reach of
party managers.
"I am most grateful to them and
wish in this general way to extend my
thanks to the workers as well as to the
rank and file all over the country. I
know how hard they struggled against
overwhelming odds and I only wish I
could take each one by the hand and
thank him.
"Deeply as I regretted leaving the
bench at the time, in the presence of
overwhelming defeat I" do not lament
it. I thought it was my duty. In the
light of my present information I am
now more than ever confident that I
did right. I shall never seek a nomina
tion for public office, but I shall to the
best of my ability stand by the party
that has honored me. and, through the
party, serve my country.
"The party has In the near future a
l-reat mission. Before long the people
vill realize that the tariff-fed trusts
and illegal combinations are absorbing
the wealth of the nation. Then they
will wish to throw off these leeches,
but the Republican party will not aid
them to do it, for Its leaders appreciate
too well the uses to which the moneys
of the trusts can be put in political
campaigns.
URGES ORGANIZATION.
"And I beg the co-operation, as a
fellow worker, of every Democrat In
the country. ALTON B. PARKER."
"If we would help the people, If
we would furnish an organization
through which they may be relieved
of a party that has grown so corrupt
that it will gladly enter into the
partnership of the trusts to secure
money for election purposes, we must
forget the differences of the past and
begin this day to build up, wher
ever it may be needed, a broad and
effective organization. We must, by
constant teaching, through the press
and from the platform, apprise the
people of the way the vicious tariff
circle works.
"We must bring home to them at
other than election times the fact
that money contributed to the Repub
lican party by the trusts is not only
dishonest money, but it is given that
the trusts may without hindrance take
a much larger sum from the people.
"In the presence of a defeat that
would take away all personal ambition,
were It true that otherwise it possess
ed me — I do no't hesitate to say that In
my opinion the greatest moral question
which now confronts us is: Shall the
trusts and corporations be prevented
from contributing money to control or
to aid in controlling elections?
"Such service as I can render In that
or any other direction will be gladly
rendered.
MUST CEASE QUARRELING.
every Northern, Eastern and Western
State save one in Republican controP
This gave to that party a large army
of office-holders, reaching Into every
hamlet, many of whom gladly follow
ed the examples set for them by the
members of the President's Cabinet
in devoting their time and services to
the party. -"
"To accomplish much In this direc
tion, however, we must forget the
differences of the past. If one sus
pects his neighbor of treachery let
him not hint of his suspicion. If he
knows he has deserted let him not tell
it. Our forces have been weakened
by divisions. We have quarreled at
times over non-essentials.
DISPLAY OF BITTERNESS
tire State ticket, an almost entire Re
publican Legislature and the election
of the Salt Lake County ticket. The
latter claim Is disputed by both Dem
ocrats and American party men. The
voting strength of the latter party Is
problematical as yet and will not be
known until the count is finished in
this city. It may be a week before
accurate figures on the State vote are
available.
Chairman Evans of the Democratic
State Committee concedes the election
of eight Republican Congressmen in
Missouri. They are:* Frank D. Klelp
per in the Third District. Frank B. Ful
kerson in the Fourth, Edgar C. Ellis
in the Fifth. John Welborn in the
Seventh, Richard Bartholdt In the
Tenth, Marcus Rhodes in the Thir
teenth, William T. Tyndal In the
Fourteenth and Casslus M. Shartel in
the Fifteenth.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 9.— Roosevelt has
carried Missouri by 10,000 to 15,000. The
•only Democrat elected is Folk for Gov
ernor, who made a great race against
the Roosevelt- landslide. His plurality
will be about 25,000. The Legislature is
doubtful, with chances favoring a Re
publican body to elect Senator Cock
rell's successor. Republican Congress
men have been elected In the Third,
Fourth, Sixth. Tenth and Fifteenth
districts.
"Among these may be mentioned the postal telegraph system, state
ownership of railroads, the election of Federal Judges for fixed terms' and
the election of postmasters by the people for their respective communities.
Instead of having the Government controlled by corporations, through offi
cers chosen by corporations, we must have a Government of the people by
the people and for the people; a Government administered by the Jefferson
ian maxim of equal rights to all and special privileges to none.
"Hope and duty point the way. To doubt the success of our cause is to
doubt the triumph of the right, for ours is, and must be, the cause of the
masses. With malice toward none and charity for all, let us begin the cam
paign of 190S; let us appeal to the moral sentiment of the country and ar
raign the policies of the Republican party before the bar of the public con
science."
It .takes time to direct attention to an evil and still more time to con
solidate sentiment In favor of a remedy, and Bryan Is not sanguine enough
to believe that all the reforms that he favors will at once be indorsed by
any party platform, but he will proceed to point out the reforms which he
believes to be needed. He says:
"The Democratic party must make Its attack upon the trusts so ve
hement that no one will suspect it of secret aid from them. It will be to
its advantage If it will begin the next campaign with an announcement
that no trust contributions will be accepted and then prove its sincerity by
pivir.g the public access to its contribution list. In public enterprises the
names of contributors are generally made public, in order to denote the
character and purpose of the work.
"Roosevelt has fc-ur years in which to make good his declaration that
no obligators were Incurred by the acceptance of trust funds. He will
disappoint either the contributors or the voters. If he disappoints the con
tributors the trust question may be put in the process of settlement. If he
disappoints the people they will have a chance to settle with his party four
years hencp. 'Death to every private monopoly* must be the slogan of the
party on this question: any other position Is a surrender. The platforms
of 1900 and 1904 declare that a private monopoly Is indefensible and intol
erable, and this declaration presents the issue upon the trust question.
¦ The party must continue its defense of the interests of the wage-
CEincrs: it must protect them from the encroachments of the capitalist. The
fact that lalxrring men have not always shown their appreciation of the
party's position ought not to deter the party from doing its duty in re
gard to them. The labor question is not one that concerns employers and
employes alone: It concerns the entire community, and the people at large
have an interest in the Just settlement of labor controversies. For that
reason they must insist upon remedial legislation in regard to the
hvuiB and arbitration, and they must so limit the authority of the courts
in contempt cases as to overthrow what is known as government by in
junction.
"The party must continue Its opposition to national banks of issue and
must insist upon divorcing the Treasury Department from Wall street.
"The party must continue its fight for the popular election of Senators
and for direct legislation wherever the principle can be applied. It must
not only maintain its position on old issues, but it must advance to the
consideration of new questions as they arise."
Few Reforms at a Time.
"The trust question presents the most acute phase of the contest be
tween Democracy and plutocracy, so far as economic issues are concerned.
The President virtually admits that the trusts contributed to his campaign
fund, l>ut he denies that they received any promises of aid or immunity.
Xo well informed : person doubts that the large corporations have furnished
the Republican campaign fund during the campaign of 1896 and 1900 and
l?04. and no one can answer the logic of Judge Parker's arraignment of
trust contributions. The trusts are run. on a business principle. They do
not subscribe millions of dollars to a campaign unless they are paying for
favors already granted, or purchased favors for future delivery. The weak
ness of Judge Parker's position was that the charge was made at the close
of the campaign, when It was neutralized by a counter charge. The trusts
cannot be fought successfully by any party that depends upon trust funds
to win the election.
Vehement Jfttack on Trusts.
"The party must also maintain Its position on the tariff question. No
answer has been made to the Indictment against the high tariff, and yet,
there, too, the burden of the tariff system is concealed by the method In
which the taxes are collected. It cannot be made the^ole Issue In a cam
paign. The party must renew its demand for an income tax, to be se
cured througrh a constitutional amendment. In order that wealth may be
made to pay its share of the expense of the Government. To-day we are
collecting rractically all our Federal revenues from taxes upon consumption,
and these bear heaviest UDon the poor and light upon the rich.
"The party must maintain its position In favor of bimetallism. It can
not surrender its demand for the use of Its gold and silver as the standard
money of the country, but the question must remain In abeyance until
conditions so change as to bring the public again face to face with falling
prices and a rising dollar. This, therefore, cannot be made the controlling
issue of the contest upon which we are entering.
larpe navy, and to stand for the Independence of the Philippines, for im
perialism is a menace, and against militarism, against the corrupting Influ
ence of commercialism; and yet experience has shown that, however
righteous the party's position on this subject, the Issue does not arouse
the people as they can be aroused by a Question which touches them im
mediately and individually. The injustice done to the Filipino is not re
ceived as It should be, or as we resent a wrong to ourselves, and the
costliness of Imperialism is hidden by the statistics and by our Indirect
system of taxation. While the party must maintain Its position on this
subject. It cannot present thla as the only Issue.
Must Oppose a High Tariff.
Missouri Goes Republican for
First Time Since War.
Continued From Page 1, Column* 6 and 7.
Hints That the People's
Verdict Was Purchased
With Coin.
ELECTORAL
VOTE SHOWN
BY STATES
Roosevelt's Vote Grows
Bryan Lays Down the
Law to Vanquished
Democrats.
VANQUISHED CANDIDATE
ASSAILS THE VICTORS
LATE RETURNS ADD TO THE VICTORY
PARKER BLAMES
TRUSTS AND OFFICE -HOLDERS FOR HIS DEFEAT
AND URGES HIS PARTY NOT TO BE DISCOURAGED
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
BIGGEST PLURALITY III NATION'S HISTORY
GRAND FORKS, N. D.. Nov. 9. —
Detailed reports from the State con
firm the earlier estimate of a*Repub
lican majority of 8000.
North Dakotn in Line.
COLUMBUS Ohio, Nov. 9. — Almost
complete unofficial returns to-night
indicate that the Republican plurality
in Ohio is between 210.000 and 215,
000, or over. three- times the plurality
the State. ever before grave any nation
al ticket. About a dozen. counties have
been carried by the Republicans for
the/ first time, which means radical
changes In county and other local of
fices. The ., Republicans trained three
Congressmen.
Record Vote In Ohio.
Forty Thousand In South Dakota.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D., Nov. 9.—Lat
er returns corroborate the estimate of
40.000 majority for Roosevelt. The
State ticket is elected by about the
same majority. Pierre's majority for
the State capital will be about 18,000.
MOIimgON ESTATE VALUES.— The *•»-
Ut* of Clara T. Morrison, widow of an Ha
waiian capitalist, has b»*-n appraised at $111.-
V.m 1.1. - consisting entirely of s*curltle« chief
of which art shares In various Hawaiian uugsu
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico. Nov. 10. —
Incomplete returns indicate the elec
tion of Julio Larrlnaga, Unionist can
didate for Resident Commissioner at
Washington, by a vote of about 2 to 1.
The House of Delegates will have a
Unionist majority. :
Results in Porto Rico.
For Governor both sides exhibit fig
ures which they Kay will substanti
ate their claims for the election of
their respective candidates. The Bee
CR.) has returns from 303 precincts
3ALLEGED I THIEF ¦ ARRE8TED.— Patrick
F. Slltt wu i arrested by Patrolman Senilne
and charred with stealing- a watch from John
Kensler In a Ninth-street saloon last night.
Tbe timepiece was found ln Bilk's possession.
•LOS ANGELES. Nov. 9.— Complete
returns from Lo s Angeles city and
county give Roosevelt a plurality over
Parker of 20.J12. McLachlaa (R.).
LOS ANGELES COUNTY.
"WOODLAND. Nov. 9.— The total
vote of this county i« as follows:
Roosevelt 1703, Parker 1299; for As
sociate Justice— Lorigan (R.) 1685,
Dooling (D.) 1333; for Congress— Mc-
Klnlay (R.) 1463, Bell (D.) 1617; for
the Assembly— Tuttle' ;(R.) \J532,
Hawkins ; ( D. ) ' 1560; for . . Supervisor
in the First ¦ District— E." A. Palm (R.)
YOLO COUNTY.
LAKEPORT, Nov. 9. — Complete re
turns for Lake County give Roosevelt
€42. Parker. 593. McKinlay 636. Bell
<71. Neyand 609. Gels 655.
LAKE COUNTY.
SEATTLE. Nov. 9.— Leaving Bre
merton to-day for target practice, -the
United States monitor Wyoming,
Captain Coleman, in an exceptionally
thick fog ran ashore on Point White,
Port Orchard Narrows, and two miles
out from the Puget Sound navy- yard.
Two plates are reported -sprung,
causing a leak, which flooded two
compartments. The vessel pulled
off after being hung up : for . about
three hours and returned to the
navy-yard. She ¦ will, it ia said, have
to go into the drydock,'
sel Will Have to Go on Uie
Drydock.
Two Plates Arc Sprung: and the Ves-
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. — An
nouncement 1 is made by the Postofflce
Department' "of contracts awarded for
carrying the mail from San Francisco
to Honolulu with the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company at S15.000 per
annum, fifteen round trips in a year;
and with the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship [ Company, sailing every
twenty-five days, at 1933 33 per round
trip. IUU\ -'^
To Carry Mall to Honolulu.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 9. — Sonoma
County piled up a big vote for Roose
velt. Returns from 60 out of 65
precincts ln the county give Roosevelt
4S33, Parker 2561. McKinlay (R.)
beats Bell (D.) for Congress, 4155 to
3845 ln 62 out of 66 pre
cincts. The landslide also carried H.
L. Tripp (R.) Into the Legislature in
the Fourteenth District over C. O.
Dunbar (D.) by a majority of '88. F.
A. Cromwell (R.) is re-elected In the
Thirteenth District by 1200. Others
elected are Blair Hart (D.) for Su
pervisor in the First District; H. W.
Austin (R.) for Supervisor in the
SONOMA COUNTY.
MONITOR WYOMING RUNS
ASHORE. IX 'THICK FOG
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 9. — Re
turns from Santa Barbara County,
complete with the exception of the
Third Precinct in the Fourth Super
visorial District, give the following re
sults: Roosevelt 2734, Parker 1089,
Debs (S.) 331, Swallow (P.) 62; for
Congress (Incomplete) — Smith (R.)
1974, Lucaa (D.) 1610; for State Sen
ator — Charles B. Greenwell (R.) 2416,
Orena (D.) 1385; for the Assembly —
E. M. Pyle (R.) 2265, H. C. Dlmock
(D.) 1657; for Supreme Court Justice
— Lorigan (R.) 2305, Dooling (D.)
1145.
The vote on the amendments fol
lows: Seawall — For . 1229, .against
254; No. 2 — For 998, against 248; No.
4— 'For 876, against 497; No.* 11 — For
4 46, ajjain«t *53; No. 20 — For 632,
SANTA BARBARA COUNTY.
HANFORD, Nov. 9.— Following Ie
the total vote of Kings County: For
the Assembly — J. F. Pr>or (D.) 926
J. H. Fox (R.) 884; for Congress—
Conley (D.) €20: Needham <R.) 1110
for Associate Justice — Dooling (D )
638. Lorigan (R.) 1057. Parker re
ceived 592 votes and Roosevelt 1110
The seawall act was favored here 407
to 204. All the amendments were
defeated. - "-> : • -v.
KINGS COUNTY.
SUISUN, Nov. 9.— Complete returns
from this county are as follows:
Roosevelt 3176, Parker 1542, Lorigan
3129, Dooling 1631, Knowland 3176,
McPike 1527; for State Senator^ —
Rush (R.) 3262, Reams (D.) 1493;
for Assemblyman — Devlin (R.) 3403.
McPike (D.) 1360.
SOLA NO COUNTY.
VENTURA, Nov. 9. — Complete re
turns in Ventura County give Roose
velt 1999, Parker 842, Debbs 19,
Swallow 54. For Associate Justice—
Lorigan 1800; Dooling 915; for Con
gress — Smith (R.) 1934. Lucas (D.)
907; for State Senate — Greenwell
(R.).19O5, Orena (D.) 962; for As
sembly — Perkins (R.) 2030, Moultrie
(D.) 325.
The vote on the amendments
stands: Seawall — For 1030, against
351; Appellate Court — For 1029,
against 280; Academy of Sciences —
For 867, against 417; shipping — For
227. against 1041; legislative — rFor
545, against 605; taxation — For 626,
against 423; codes— For 631, against
630.
VENTURA COUNTY.
YREKA, Nov. 9. — Twenty-seven
precincts out of thirty-nine give
Roosevelt 1470, Parker 879, Qillett
1296, Caminetti 959. Coyle 1301,
Wells 1022. .
SISKIYOU COUNTY.
PALO ALTO. Nov. 9. — Fire broke
out in the building occupied by T. C.
Walker's drug store and Henluk's
candy store shortly before midnight
and gained headway with such rapidity
that a dozen; people occupying the
sleeping rooms above were forced to
flee in haste; from their apartments,
some not stopping to don their clothes.
All escaped I before the flames had
reached the upper story, but many
lost all their possessions. The total
damage is figured at $6000, the loss
falling most heavily on the owners of
the two stores.
Sleepers ln Palo Alto Aroused by
the Flames Approaching
Their Rooms.
FORCED TO FLEE FROM FIRE
IN THEIR NIGHT CLOTHES
VISALIA. Nov. 9. — For the first
time' in its history Tulare County has
gone Republican. The vote stands:
Roosevelt 2167, Parker 1610. S.-C.
Smith (R.) defeated W. T. Lucas (D.)
by about 500 for Congress. W. B.
Wallace (R.) was re-elected Judge
over J. A. Allen (R.) by 36 votes.
George Birkenhauer (I.) was elected
Supervisor in the Third District.
TULARE COUNTY.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 9. — With the
exception of one Supervisorial district,
the Fifth, the Republicans of this
county have swept everything before
tb*m and there is the greatest conster
nation in Democratic circles, as this
Is the first time in its history that the
ccunty has given a Republican Presi
dential candidate a majority.
With the exception of a few outlying
precincts, the returns are complete
and show that the county ha* given
Roosevelt a plurality of at least 530
votes. Smith, for Congress; Dorsey,
for Assembly, and Bennett for Su
perior Judge, have received majorities
ranging from 135 to 300. Jastro, for
Supervisor, was the only Democrat
elected. He carried every precinct
2 to 1.
KEKN COUNTY.
VIENNA, Nov. 9. — An unconfirmed
report from Innsbruck mentions an
encounter between Italian and Ger
man soldiers at the Klosler barracks
there. Several men are said to have
been injured. Everything was quiet
in the town of Innsbruck to-day.
Trouble at Innsbruck.
TRINITY COUNTY.
WEAVERVILLE, Nov. 9.—Roose
velt's majority here is 71, Gillett's 61,
Selvage's 71, Coile's 73.
TACOMA, Nov. 9.— With three county
precincts missing, the vote of Pierce
County gives Roosevelt 9863. Parker
2314, Mead 7086, Turner 5383. The Re
publicans elect their entire legislative
and county, ticket.
SEATTLE, Nov. 9.— Returns from 116
precincts in sixteen counties in Wash
ington outside of Kings, Pierce and
Spokane counties give: Roosevelt 7414.
Parker 2427; Governor. Mead (R.) 6380
Turner (D.) 5918; for Congress. Hum
phreys (R.) 6712, Jones (R.) 6726. Cush
man (R.) 6716. Hathaway (D ) 2498
Anderson (D.) 2398, Beck (D.) 2491
Returns in this (King) county 'indi
cate that Mead (R.) for Governor has
carried it by 10,000 plurality. It is
probable that Roosevelt's vote will ex
ceed 80 per cent of the total vote, cast,
which is approximately 28,000. The
average plurality of the Republican
candidates on the county ticket will ex
ceed 6000. Every legislative nominee on
the Republican ticket Is elected. The
State ticket ran well up with the nom
inees on the county ticket.
A'oto of State.
Roosevelt Gets Eiffhty Per Cent of the
WASHINGTON STANDS PAT.
MARSICANO CASE NOT ¦ HEARD.-Owlnj
to the failure of Attorney George D. Collins:
to appear yesterday mornlnjr In Judge S\cnJ
court the hearing on the order to show causv
»hj an Injunction should not Issue against
the Police Department to prevent the furth«#
prosecution Of P. Marslcano was net brant.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 9. — Com
plete semi-official returns in this
county give Roosevelt 2115, Parker 84 5;
for Associate Justice — Lorigan (R.)
2035, Dooling (D.) 1949; for Congress
— Hayes (R.) 1722, Wynn (D.) 1240;
for State Senator — Rambo (R.) ,
White (D.) 1297; for Assemblyman-
Jury (R.) 2110, Callon (D.) 930.
The vote on the amendments was as
follows: Seawall — For 1267, against
54; Senate No. 2 — Yes, 854, no 180;
Sf-nate No. 4 — Yes 597, no 447; Sen
ate No. 11 — Yes 482, no 481; Senate
No. 20 — Yes 440, no 465; Assembly
No. 17 — Yes 491, no 314; Assembly No.
26— Yes 494, no 344.
SAN MATEO COUNTY.
FRANCISCA TO APPEAR IX "IXCIA."—
Fannie Pranclsca, the noted singer, who has
been heard only In concert here, wll! appear
In "Lucia" at a special matinee at the TlvoM
Opera-house on Sunday. November 10. There
will be an enlarged chorus and orchestra and
the cast will b* as follows: Lucia, lYancisca:
Edgardo. Russo: Henry Ashton. Borx;h«si-
Raymond, Wanrell. and Arturo, Zavata,
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— It is definite
ly stated to-day that Kuhn. Loeb &
Co have organized a syndicate to fin
ance one-half of the new $60,000 000
Japanese loan. The security, which
will be a second lien on the customs
duties of that country, will be offered
at a price yielding about 7% per cent
to subscribers.
Syndicate Is Organized to Finance the
Sixty Million Dollar Loan.
MONEY FOU JAPANESE.
WILLOWS. Nov. 9. — For the first
time in its history Glenn County shows
a majority for the Republican na
tional ticket. Semi-official returns
grive the total vote as follows: Roose
velt 628, Parker 816; for Associate
Justice — Dooling (D.) 759, Lori can
(R.) 738: for Congress — Bell (D.)
976. McKinlay (R.) 679; for the As
f^mbly — Geis <D.) 899. Weyand (R.)
728. William M. Finch (R.) defeated
Pirkey (I.) for Judge of the Superior
Court' by 267.
GLKNN COUNTY.
EXTEND THE "COW LJMITS.— Th« Su
pervjsor»" Health Committee yesterday tx
pre*»ed its intention to present an ontlaancc
providing for the extension of th« ao-called
"cow" limits, within which It U prohibited
to keep more than two cows, hoffs or swine
The committee directed th« clerk to notify the
owners of all hog ranch** wlthia the city
limits of its intention In order that they mav
roake preparations to move outsida of the
ccunty. it beinir the opinion of the commit:**
that hos ranches are nuisances that thcuru
be abated. " - _
SACRAMENTO,, Nov. 9.— The follow
ing are the corrected returns from ev
ery precinct in the county except Rich
land, where 12 votes were cast, but on
account of errors the ballots were not
counted by the Judges of election, but
were sealed up and sent to the Supers
visors, who will count them next Mon
day. They cannot alter the result on
any office in this county. Every Re
publican is elected and all Republican
candidates are given substantial ma
jorities or pluralities. The most Inter
esting feature ln the election here is
the increased Socialist vote. Following
are the figures:
For President— Roosevelt 6681, Par
ker 23S3. Debs 1055. Swallow 110.
For Justice of Supreme Court — Lor
rigan (R.) 6497. Dooling (D.) 2594,
Walker (S.) 834, Blanchard (P.) 94.
For .Congress— McKinlay (R.) 4960.
Bell (D.) 44S4. Wilder (S.) 498. La Cell
(P.) 56.
For State Senator— J. H. McKee (R.)
5918, Cohn (D.) 3SS9, Tappan (S.) 680.
Bonds for San Francisco seawall —
Yes 2739. no 678.
Amendments: No. 2 — Yes 2305, no
926; No. 4— Ye« 1515. no 1451; No. 11—
Yes 1451. no 1579; No. 20— Yes 2182, no
872; No. 17— Yes 1993, no 1060; No. 26—
Yes 1573, no 1200.
For the Assembly: Seventeenth Dis
trict—Busick (R.) 2059, Seay (D.) 1043,
Youngman (S.) 329; Eighteenth Dis
trict—O'Brien <R.) 2601, Harris (D.)
1043, Hynes (S.) 272; Nineteenth Dis
trict—E. J. Lynch (R.) 2075, Stevens
(D.) SS5. T. K. Chambers (S.) 139.
Supervisors: Second District — H.
K. Johnson (R.) 1354, McLaughlln (D.)
873. C. R. Armstrong- <S.) 106; Third
District— C. W. McKillip (R.) 1659,
J. J. Ryan (D.) 467, R. M. FriUsche
(S.) 223; Fourth District— J. H. Don
nelly (R.) 1090. Morris Brooke (D.) 935,
Ed Conradt (S.) 25. £3*fS
SACRAMENTO COUNTY.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 9. — With only
six precincts in Riverside County unre
ported the totals to-night are Roose
velt 2559. Parker 661. Debs 490, Swal
low 181.
RIVERSIDE COUNTY.
FRESNO, Nov. 9. — Roosevelt has
carried this county by about 2000
votes. One precinct of six votes was
carried by the socialists. Returns
complete from sixty-four of the
seventy-nine precincts in the county
Fhow that the Democrats have eject
ed two Sui>ervlsors and the Republi
cans one, besides the two Assembly
m'e'n, Drew and Chandler; for the Su
preme Court — Dooling 2795, Lorigan
4590: for Congress — Conley 3026.
Needham 4405; for Assembly. Six
tieth District — Graham 1350. Chand
ler 2148; Sixty-first — Brickley 1820,
Drew 2224.
'FRESNO COUNTY.
The seawall act carried by about 3
to 1, the District Court of Appeals by
2 to 1, the exemption of personal
property under $100 by a good vote
and the exemption of the Academy of
Sciences from taxation also by a good
vote. The exemption of shipping from
taxation, the extension ! of the legisla
tive session to eighty days and the en
actment of codes by a single act were
lost in this county.
STOCKTON, Nov. 9. — Complete re
turns show the following results ln
San Joaquln County: For President —
Roosevelt 4515, Parker 2300, Debs 332,
Swallow 93; for Associate Justice —
Lorigan (R). 4326, Dooling (D.) 2314;
for Congressman — Needham (R.)
4285. Conley (D.) 2639; for State Sen
ator — Muenter -(R.) 4054, Lawrence
(D.) 2987; for Assemblyman for the
city of Stockton — Beardslee (R.) 2312,
Cowell (D.) 1254; for Assemblyman,
outside district — Moore (R.) 2159,
Corcoran (D.) 1313.
SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY.
Many Democrats who supported
the platform and candidate in 1900
and 1896 purposely remained away
from the polls this year or voted for
Roosevelt, just as Belmont and his
coterie of statesmen voted for McKin
ley in 1S96. It might be said, toolThat
tnere was no particular issue between
the parties and Roosevelt's personal
lty and Americanism were worth to
him many thousands of votes in nil
the States. I believe the defeat of the
Democratic party this year will be
beneficial to it four years hence."
The election is over and I believe
Koosevelt s victory due to two things —
first, the country Is prosperous and the
People do not feel that a change in
administration Is necessary; second
the gentlemen in the East who de
manded the nominatiop of Parker for
President demanded Bryan's defeat in
It9b and 1900.
SALEM. Or., Nov. 9.— George E.
Chamberlain, Oregon's Democratic
Governor, to-day sounded the watch
nr°£ d £' the , ne « Presidential cam
paign by saying that in all probability
Bryan would be the next candidate.
He said also:
Chamberlain of Oregon Thinks He
Will Tie the Next Candidate.
NOW LOOKS TO BRYAN.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 9. — Returns
are in from 34 of the 35 precincts of
F.I Dorado County and show the vote
to be as follows: Roosevelt 1243. Par
ker 867; for Congressman — Gillett (R.)
1085, Caminetti CD.) 1061; for Assem
blyman — Duryea (R.) 1169. Livingston
<D.) 950.
EX DORADO COUNTY
AUBURN. Nov. 9. — Complete re
turns in Placer County give Roosevelt
1045 plurality. -For Justice of the Su
preme Court Lorigan (R.) .wins over
rooling (D.) by 624; for Congress Gil r
lett (R.) defeats Caminetti (D.) tfy
530; for State Senator Irish (R.) has
390 over Synder (D.) ; for the Assem
bly Duryea (R.) wins over Livingston
<D.) by 547. The Democrats elect two
Supervisors, William KJlgo and A. S.
Waldo, and the Republicans one,
George H. Bisbee.
PLACER COUNTY.
The balance of the irang: split up
two disappearing completely and two
more doubling back in the mountain*
two miles from Thermopolla. The lat
ter are well known to the officers and
their capture will be effected in a few
days. One of these men was with Lo
gan in the descent on the bank.
THERMOPOLIS. TVyo.. Nor. ».
Sheriff Fenton of Big Horn County
and posse, with Sheriff Stough of Fre
mont, have returned from the chase
after Harvey Logan and his gang of
Cody bank robbers and report* that
Logan, by the boldest piece of daring
outwitted the offlcer 3 and made his
escape out of the country last Sun
day and is now well out of the State.
Logan, disguised as a prospector
with an old pack mule loaded with
tools and provisions, tramped out of
the Hole-ln-the-Wall country past two
posses and made his way to Casper
where he took a train.
Ix>gan Dteguises Himself as a Pros
pector and Leaves Holr-in-the-
Wnll Country.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 9.— With a few
outside precincts to hear from, which
will affect the total but slightly, re
turns to-night show the county's vote
for Roosevelt 4117, Parker 1297;
Smith (R.). for Congress, 3885, Lucas
(D.) 1468. The Republicans elected
the Supervisors In the First and Sec
ond districts, the Democrats carrying
the Third. Johnson and Barnes (R.),
for the Assembly, have large major
ities.
SAN DIEGO COUNTY.
: LONDON, Nov. 10.— The Daily
Mail's correspondent before Port Ar
thur described the Russian killed and
those taken prisoners as greatly ema
ciated and asserts that the men sub
sist entirely on a daily ration of less
than two pounds of black bread.
The Daily Telegraph's Chefu corre
spondent declares that the task of
burying the bodies of the slam mX Port
Arthur is now beyond control and
that the corpses are simply pitchei
into the dock excavations near Gold
en Hill, where there is only a few feet
of water.
The condition of the helpless women
is heartrending. Several groups of
them goinsr to market have been blown
to pieces. The street scenes are said
to be sidkening. v
Bennett Burlelgh also sends a har
rowing picture of the condition of the
wounded in Port Arthur, of whom vast
numbers are lying unattended within
the inner forts. In the name of com
mon humanity, he thinks, some effort
should be made in behalf of the help
less sufferers and suggests that as soon
as possible they should be taken upon
neutral ships tlying the Red Cross and
transferred to hospitals at Chefu and
Shanghai.
sians at Port Arthur.
Awful Conditions I»rcvail Among Rus-
RED BLUFF, Nov., 9.— Complete
returns from thirty-one out of
thirty-four precincts in Tehama
County show a big Republican victory.
Democratic Supervisors were elected
In the First and Fifth districts. Roose
velt received 1124 votes and Parker
64 8. For Associate Justice — Lorigan
(R.) 1067, Dooling (D.) 659; for
Congress— Gillett (R.) 1028. Cami
netti (D.) 731; for State Senator —
Selvage (R.) 1072, Thorpe (D.) 6»5;
for Assemblyman — Gans (R.) 1135,
Freeman (D.) 170. /-
TEIIAMA . COUNTY.
YUBA CITY, Nov. 9. — The total
vote of Sutter County, is as follows:
Roosevelt 867, Parker 478: for Su
preme Justice — Lorigan (R.) 822.
Dooling (D.) 524; for Congress — Mc-
Kinlay (R.) 742, Bell: (D.) 634; for
joint Assemblyman — E. T. Manwell
(TJ.) 628, Cline Bull (D.) 136; Super
visor of the First District — F. H.
Graves 14 8 r Supervisor of the Fourth
District — John Burns (R.) 172, F. J.
Gilpatrick (D.) 150; Supervisor of the
Fifth District — F. J. Michael (R.) 117,
W. H. Smith (D.) 54; Frank Algeo
(I.) 94.
*
S UTTER COUNTY.
MODESTO, Nqv. 9. — Semi-official
totals for Stanislaus County, with all
the precincts heardVrom, give Roose
velt 1456. Parker 1082; for Associate
Justice — Lorigan 1344, Dooling 1157;
for Congress — Needham 1452, Conley
1188; for the Assembly — Yokum (D.)
1233, Burge (R.) 1204.
Third District; I. J. Button (R.) for
Supervisor in the Fifth District.
STANISLAUS COUNTY.
EFFECTS HIS ESCAPE
BY A CLEVER RUSE
UNAIiLE TO BURY DEAD.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 9. — The total
vote for the county is as follows:
Roosevelt 2626, Parker 1096, Debs
383, Lorigan 1984, Dooling 1.432,
Needham 2551, Conley 1340; for State
Senator — S. H. Rambo (R.) 2100, Ed
White (D.) 1981; for Assemblyman —
George C. Cleveland (R.) 2169. Holo
han CD.) 17S0.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
SANTA ANA. Nov. 9. — The com
plete vote of Orange County is as fol
lows: Roosevelt 2669, Parka*- 103J.
Debs 458. Swallow 275; for Congress
— Smith (R.) 2557, Lucas (D.) 1057;
for State Senator — Anderson (R.)
2576, Mill* (D.) 1163; for the Assem
bly — Amerige (R.) 2515. Hankey (D.)
1378. The vote indicates that all the
amendments were lost but the Judi
ciary act.
OKANGE COUNTY.
MARTINEZ. Nov. 9. — Complete
election returns in Contra Costa Coun
ty show a sweeping victory for the
Republicans. The entire ticket was
elected without exception. The plu
rality for Roosevelt is 1592. In 1&00
the plurality for . llcKInley was 616.
The county has been wrested from the
control of a Democratic Board of Su
pervisors. The figures for the differ
ent candidates are as follows: Roose
velt 2655. Parker 1264. Knowland
2743. McPike 1260. Belshaw 2312.
Randall 1936; for Supervisor of the
Second District — Harrison (R.) 290.
Booth (D.) 2&S; Fourth District — Bu
chanan (11.) 252, Demartini <D.) 140;
Fifth District — Trythall (R.) 446.
Wightman (D.) 360. Ells' majority
for Assemblyman is about 2000.
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
NEVADA CITY. Nov. 9. — Roose
velt's vote in this county Is 3888, Par
ker's 2242. Lorigan received 1671,
Dooling 1159; Gillett 1921, Caminetti
1555; for State Senator — Irish 1619,
Snyder 2045.
NEVADA COUNTY.
The election Is regarded by all the
afternoon papers as a pledye that
America will play her part in the so
lution of all international qtiestions
upon the side making: for Justice and
the development of the human race
and as "affording a guarantee that
Great Britain's present relation* with
America will not only be maintained,
but probably will be strengthened "
LONDON. Nov. 9.— The afternoon
newspapers adopted Judge Parker's
congratulatory telegram to President
Roosevelt as describing: with "exact
ness and comprehension" the result of
the election in the United States. Such
headings as "A Vote of Confidence"
?£? '£ OO ? eVeIt ' a Tri umph" mark all
the editorials.
BfHeves Roosevelt's Election Strength
em Anglo-Saxon Ties.
BERLIN, Nov. 9. — Government
circles regard Roosevelt's election with
satisfaction, as It means a continuance
of the United States' present policy
tcward Germany. The jelaUons be
tween the President and Emperor Wil
liam are believed to be of a mor j
pleasant quality than ever before as
indicated by the rather Sequent per
sonal messages sent through their re
spective Embassadors. Some of the
newspapers consider that the election
will increase the friendliness between
the two Governments and mention the
fact that President Roosevelt s sug
gestion of an arbitration treatj with
Germany is ready for acceptance as an
example of the present good feeling.
Roosevelt's Forcljm Policy Is Satisfac
tory to Berlin.
SAN JOSE, No\. 9. — With returns
practically complete, the Republican
pluralities in this county are corre
spondingly increased. In round num
bers the pluralities are: Roosevelt
4500, Lorigan 5S00; Wright, Senate,
1900; Hayes, Congress. 3000; Arnerich,
Assemblyman, 1100; Jarvls, Assembly
man. 1200; Micheltree, Assemblyman,
1700; Supervisors — Ayer 300, Mitchell
250; Superior Judges — Welch 3100,
Rhodes 2900.
SANTA CliARA COUNTY.
BRITISH PRESS PliEASED.
GERMANS HAIL. THE NEWS.
COLUSA, Nov. 9. — The vote of Co
lusa County shows: Roosevelt aS2,
Parker S06: McKinlay 720, Bell 1144,
TVeyand 1075. Oeis 757. The San
FVancisco seawall act and amend
ments Nos 2, 20. 17 and 26 were car
ried. Nos. 4 and 11 were defeated.
\V. A. Vann (D.) was elected Super
visor in the Second District, J. E.
Rathbun <R.) was elected in the
Third and J. C. Campbell (R.) in the
Fourth.
OOLUSA COUNTY.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. D.-Congress
man-elect Duncan E. McKlnlay was
tendered a reception at his home in
this .city this evening. McKinlay ar
anri Vi thIs clty on the evening train
d!S Jrt a^°™panied by United States
Snrth c " orney Mars hall B. Wood
othei T e h n . at ° r , E - F - Wo °dward and
hl-thl « h ?r? a . rty was met at the train
hl»«J, * IcKinla y Club of this city,
Ecfn ™ b J a C - D °novan, who had
T7,f^ ? de , mar «hal of the parade,
a n?r n r H dS L° f Cltizens fel1 lnto »ne in
hom A at escort «d McKinlay to his
home on Cherry street
Jiv A X er dln i.?f with hIs wife and fam "
'1 the candidate received his friends.
5ie nn»f tO n^ e McKi "» a y residence
Sen-,5 Tr Cal , led at the res «dence of
?!«.,*• w- oodw ard and Assemblyman
fhPm ? J u Tripp and escorted
22S&&5; h ° me ° f the Congress
r>ltl\Vt m » Slc by the band Assistant
District Attorney Rolfe L. Thompson
made a congratulatory address to the
successful candidates an I the "vfitorf
ntSS! : ;? h he . pleasure u «*«?8S
crotn to «n V ll B ° ne Of th * Ir citizens
of tn xr fiU the Potion of member
of the House of Representatives. Con
gressman McKinlay responded Vn a
th» P t P h mannei : and assured his hearers
that he was glad of the termination of
X% c , rUSB l e a"* affirming anew his
allegiance to the party. He expressed
h m a i PPr >?i Cla i? on Of lhe honor I"""
trhJ . no . me town and Promised
of ?hi. a ° US ln Siding the welfare
of this city, county and district
People of Santa Rosa Honor the Con-
Krcssninn-Elcct.
RECEPTION TO McKINLAY.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 9. —
Complete unofficial returns from sixty
four out of sixty-flve precincts in San
Bernardino County give Roosevelt
3S77, Parker 156S. Debs 772. Swallow
417: Lorigan 3615, Dooling 1629; for
Congress — Smith 36S7, Lucas 1664.
The remaining precinct is not expect
ed to cast over twenty votes. Leeke
(R.), State Senator, and Prescott (R.),
Assembly, are both elected with plu
ralities upward of 1200. The Board
of Supervisors is Republican.
SAX BERNARDINO COUNTY.
OROVILLE, Nov. 3. — Approxima
tions for Butte give Roosevelt 800 or
more majority. McKinlajr (R.) about
400 majority for Congress, and Gates
(R.). for the Assembly. 1000. Two Re
publicans. C. H. Brown and C. E. Por
ter, are elected Supervisors. One dis
trict is still in doubt.
BUTTE COUNTY.
Alabama 75000
Arkansas 30#000
California 100. OK)
Crlorado 15 000
Connectocut 3S OK)
I>elaware - 4*000
Florida '.'.'.'.'.'.'. "20.000" ....'.....
p«;fSU »: £3^
Idaho 25 000
\ n *J} oi » .'.V. '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 22.V0OO
Indiana 75 000
*5 wa 130.00<>
£: ansa V 1110,000
Kentucky 14 000
Louisiana 35.000
JJ aln ? • * 35,000
Maryland
Massachusetts ...'. 80 000
Michigan "' 150.000
Mnnesota K'5.000
Mississippi 50.000
Missouri lO.OOO
Montana r 10.000
I^ebraska 75..'X>0
>>>vada 2,000
Xsew Hampshire 20 000
New Jersey TO.'OOQ
New York 174.000
North Carolina 5O.000
North Dakota 20,000
Ohio 1 2»>!oC<>
Oregon j 40,000
Pennsylvania | 485JD0Q
Rhode Island j 1C 000
Routh Carolina j 50.000 1
South Dakota I .' '40.000
Tennessee j 20 ooo !
Texas | 100.000 I
Vtah 1 12.000
Vermont [ 30.000
Virginia 25.0C0
Washington 30.000.
West Virginia 20.000
Wisconsin CO.000
Wyoming 6.00O-
At a late hour both parties claimed
Maryland, the Republicans by 1500.
The Democratic managers said the
State would cast its electoral vote for
Parker. ;
NAPA, Nov. ' 9. — Complete returns
have been received from all of the
twenty-six precincts in Napa County
and show the following totals for the
candidates: Roosevelt 2424, Parker
1138; for Justice of the Supreme
Court — Lorigan (R.) 2197; Dooling
(D.) 1235; for Congressman from the
Second District — McKlnlay (R.) 1625.
Bell (D.) 2122; for Joint Senator of
the Fifth District — Rush (R.) 2194,
Reams (D.) 1246; for Assemblyman —
King (R.) 2252. Walsh (D.) 1298.
The vote Xor Supervisors is: For
the Fifth District — Bush (R.) 449,
Alexander (D.) 450; for Supervisor of
the Second District — Webber (R.)
633. Booth (D.) 455; for Supervisor of
the Fourth District — Raney (D.) 107.
no opposition. This leaves the Board
of Supervisors of the same political
composition as before, three Demo
crats and two Republicans.
NAPA COUNTY.
MARYSVILLE. Nov. 9.— The total
vote in Tuba County is as follows:
Roosevelt 1241, Parker 636. Debs 73;
U9o ?> pr ? e Justice— Lorigan (R.)
n ™> Pooling (D.) 704; for Congress
— McKinlay 1000, Bell 916; for As-
S ,t n \ bI l'" 1 , an — Wanwell (R.) 1036, Bull
« A ™ ? : - Or Su P ervl sor in the Sec
ond District — Divver (R.) 266 Peffer
nl 2 2 A 6 V T^ rd District - MoSSJ
ffit i ? \£ rlffltha (D) 13?: fourth
\L>.) lbl.
YUBA COUNTY.
HOLLISTER, Nov. 9. — The vote
here was as follows: Roosevelt 890,
Parker 632; for Supreme Justice —
Lorigan (R.) 229, Dooling (D.) 1263;
for Congress — Needham (R.) 901.
Conley (D.) 64 8; for State Senator —
Lynch (R.) S5S, Feliz (D.) 696; for
Assemblyman — Slaven (R.) 804.
Moore (D.) 800. The county high
school proposition was carried by a
large majority.
SAN BEN1TO COUNTY.
BRIDGEPORT, Nov. 9. — Five pre
cincts out of seven in Mono County
give Roosevelt a total of 201, Parker
76, Lorigan 170, Dooling 74, Gillett
185. Caminetti 90, McKinney ,190,
Messenger 78. Indications are that
the county gives a majority for the
following for Supervisors: Boyd (R.),
Attley (D.) and Hunewill (R.).
MONO COUNTY.
against 767; No. 17 — For 740, against
426; No. 26— For 611. against 574.
269, T. C. Snider (D.) 257; for Super
visor in the Fourth District — T. J.
yauerhn (R.) 629. J. M. Klncheloe
UJ.) 611; for Supervisor in the Fifth
? s^ t — ?¦ H - Hoppin (R.) 339, W.
Al Stites (D.) 271. • •
JACKSON, Nov. 9.— Complete semi
offlcial returns of Amador County give
Roosevelt 1279. Parker 909; for Asso
ciate Justice — Lorigan 1150, Dooling
Stl; Congressman — Glllett 873, Caral
tietti 14 OS; Assemblyman — McKenney
1206, Messenger 981. John Strohm
<I.), for Supervisor of Township No. 1.
Is elected by 108 majority over New
xran (D.). In District No. 2 Amick
<R.) defeated Clifton by 92. In Dis
trict No. * Fraser (D.) Is elected by
«6 over M. Brinn <B-)« The Board of
Supervisors stands two Democrats, two
Republicans and one Independent.
AMADOR COUNTY.
MERCED, Nov. 9. — With two small
precincts to hear from, Merced County
gjves Roosevelt 923, Parker 82S; for
Congressman — Needham 829, Conley
983; for Assemblyman — Burge (R.)
783, Yoakum (D.) 894. Of the three
Supervisors elected two are Repub
licans. This is the first time in its his
tory that Merced County has given
the Republican at the head of the
ticket a majority.
MERCED COUNTY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.— President
Roosevelt was overwhelmed with con
gratulations to-day. They were pre
sented by many people in person and
were received by mail and by tele
graph from every State and from al
most every city In the country. Thou
sands of telegrams already have .been
received and they are coming yet in
an undlminlshed flood. It will prac
tically be impossible for the President
and Secretary Loeb to acknowledge
each message in accordance with the
usual custom at the White House, but
President Roosevelt desires It to be
understood that he appreciates to the
fullest the expression of his friends
and would be glad if it were possible
for him personally to greet and thank
every one of them. •
The President was in exuberant
spirits to-day. Although he did not
retire until a late hour last night, he
rose early to-day and had a happy
early morning chat with the members
of his family and bis house guests.
After glancing over the morning pa
pers, he read a few. of the thousands
of telegrams of congratulation which
had been received, and examined bulle
tins of the latest returns from the elec
tion. " .
Secretary of War Taf t was one of the
first callers. The President gave him a
cordial greeting and for a considerable
time they talked animatedly about the
situation. # .- -
Other callers on the President includ
ed Postmaster General Wynne, Secre
tary of the Navy Morton, Assistant
Secretary of State Loomls, Senator
Proctor of Vermont; General John C.
Black, Chairman of the Civil Service
A free translation of the Latin la the
above cablegram is as follows: ' "May
your good administration be happy
and prosperous to the American peo
ple."
"NEl'E PALAIS* Nov.. 9. — Presi
dent Roosevelt, IT. "S. A., Washlngr
ton : Sincerest congratulations. . May
heaven give you prosperity. ' Tuum
quod bonum fellz faustttmque sit
pcpulo American!.
"WILLIAM, I. R-~
Commission ; Lieutenant General Cliaf
fee of the army; General Gilleifpie,
Chief of Engineers; Professor Willis L-
Moore, Chief of the "Weather Bureau,
and Rev. Dr. Ichick, pastor of the
church of which the President is a
member.
The President said to-day that he felt
that his announcement that he would
not accept another nomination would
prevent, during the next four years,
any misunderstanding: of his actions,
personal or official.
This afternoon a delegation of
prominent residents of Washington
was received by the President. The
delegation was entirely non-partisan.
James L. Xorrls, the Democratic na
tional committeeman for the district,
and other Democrats Joining in the
cordial demonstrations for Roosevelt.
Norris said the Democracy had made
as glorious a campaign as it cou! 1
against him, but now that the contest
was history he desired to say that he.
in common with other Democrats,
shared in the kindly feeling for the
President and In the good wishes for
his 'future success.
The President has received the fol
lowing cablegram from Emperor Wll»
liam: . ¦ ¦ -
Of the counties of the State all but
one are In the Roosevelt column and
when the final figures are compiled
even that one, Colusa, may move from
its Isolated position. Tha counties vied
with each other In their efforts to roll
up great pluralities for Rooeevelt, but
Los An«-eles, San Francisco and Ala
xneda cut out a pace the others could
not follow. Such counties as Glenn,
Merced and Tulare, which are old
Democratic standbys, forsook the cause
of their fathers to Join in the great
demonstration for Roosevelt.
for Congress, wins over Morton (D.)
by 17,788. Roosevelt carried Los An
geles city by 12,689.
Thousands of Messages
Reach White House.
Republicans Triumph Everywhere
Their Colors Deserted Even
by the Old Standbys.
PRESIDENT DELUGED
WITH GOOD WISHES
LITTLE IS LEFT
FOR DEMOCRATS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
From Siskiyou Down to San Diego COUNTIES VIE in Paying Honor to President
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 9. — In an interview to-day Governor George C. Pardee ex
pressed his gratification at the sweeping Republican victory in the following words :
"I am not surprised that this State has gone even beyond the fondest estimates
in the indorsement of President Theodore Roosevelt and the policies of the Republican
party. What else could it consistently do? The' people of California have' simply shown their
hard common sense in yesterday's vote. To have voted against the policy of protection would
have invited disaster to our most cherished interests. On this issue there was but one thing to
do and we did it x
"lam especially pleased, also, that on the issue of the personality of President Roose
velt, his motives, his strength of character and his general trustworthiness we have pro
nounced ourselves unmistakably, not only by an unprecedented vote for the Republican Elect
ors, but also by sending to his support a Republican Congressional delegation.
. "Political conditions in California are now just what they ought to be and what w«
hope they will always continue to be."
Executive Congratulates the Voters of California
on Their Display of Common Sense at the Polls
RESULT PLEASES GOVERNOR PARDEE
Figures Showing Roosevelt's Great
Popular Indorsement.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9. — The follow
ing shows the approximate pluralities
in the various States:
PLURALITIES IN STATES.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS,
I • C&51RATED - W
N^ .STOMACH a
«iTTERS m
Women who suffer every
monthfrom Irregularities,
Backache, Cranfps, Ner-
vous Headache, Insom-
nia, Poor Appetite/Indi-
gestion and Dyspepsia
ought to try the Bitters. It
will do you a world of good.
Thousands of women have
found this true. Try a bot-
tle to-day and see for your-
sel£ At all druggists;rnESIDEXTIAL VOTE 1004.
"3 H President.
~ 2 i *
a O n *
m * • *
counties. I* Q r 3
2 ™ a 3
# ' 3 i y f
Alameda 1581 27,394 19,318 4.551
Alpine I :
Amador IS 2.114 1,158 814
Butte L 43 4,099* 2,529 1,406
Calaveras ...' 28 2,178 1,272 680-
Coltwa 21 1.S75 SS7 905
Contra Costa 09 4,r,10 2.856 1.2&4
Del Norte S 653 414 102
El Dorado 19 1,245 756 483
Fresno 62 R.082 4,605 2,611
Glenn 15 1.654 P2S 815
Humboldt 42 5,100 0,925 - 952
Inyo fl 298 lttfl 111
Kern 50 3.WW 2,180! 1.533
Kings 13 1.7SSI* l.ll.if 5D4
Laka 13 1,179 B82 515
Lassen . .' 2n 867 54Jl| 295
Los Angeles 202 4S.SU 31,9:» 9.94S
Madera 3 157 76 57
Marin 26 3,00« 2.101 782
Marlposa G 411 206 VJ2
Mendocino 41 3,6«3 2,347 1.130
Merced 24 2,034 970 917
Modoc 1C 1,024 561 440
Mono 5 333 - 200 76
Monterey 20 3,Sf.T> 2.296 1,317
Napa 20 3,769 2,424 1,13*
Nevada 41 3.72S 2.133 1.097
Orange 34 4.772 2.5SS 1,0.19
Placer 39 3,075 1,929 B27
Plumas IS 1.057 705 348
Riverside 4« 3,76fi 2.623 674
Sacramento 67 lf>.117 6,390 2.325
San Benito: 19 1,522 ROO 632
San Bernardino.... 54 6.127 3.869 1.402
San Diego 79 6,438 4,230 1.365
San Francisco: 2S3j C0.4421 3!».814| 17,981
San Joaquin B4| 6,2221 4,1521 2,043
San Luis Obispo... S3 3.. r »o1 l.J»76[ 1.160
San Mateo 20i 3.1431 2.1001 951
Santa Barbara 3.1' 3.ROT 2.602 1.16S
Santa, Clara 4S| 12.2R2J S.7.14V "3.076
Santa Cruz 44] 3,0021 2.fi26 ' l.fKW
Shasta 45 2.075) 1.6.15 S9.">
Sierra 13| 1.0;i6| 684 3:57
Siskiyou 40; 3.405 2.022 1,221
Solano 30 4..".91 3,181 1,551
Sonoma 64 8,007 5.173 2.JU7
Stanislaus 2*J 2.607 l,45O| 1,<:91
Sutter 17 1.439 R67| 478
Tehama 31 1,772 1.124J H4S
Trinity 3 338 17«| 139
Tulare M 4.14S 2,1671 1.610
Tuolumne 30 2,410! 1.236 992
Ventura .. .' 30 2.07!>! l,ft»« ¦ K37
Yolo" r. 15| 3.130 1,723 1,290
Yuba 21 1,947 1,241| C3«
Total !2.256!315.153!19S,56S| 85.685
The missing precincts in 1900 gave McKlnley
60S5 and Bryan 3998.
Vote In 1003. , Vote ta 1004.
- - - _ _—
¦ ¦ - p = $ . s 3 = §
- ¦ S ¦ " ' *i - s
-r a s . -J a -
COUNTIES. ¦ % 3 ¦ 5 COUNTIES. ?« w S
¦ • I r : U r ?
- ? : : : " : 5
~ * * * • i * i * I f
Alpine 5 85 39' Alpine \ !
Amador 23 1,344 1.209, Amador r H 792 1.238
Calavera , 34 1.634 1.411 CaUveras 2S 1.028 0ft3
Del Norte 8 370 255 D«l Norte $ 3*S 231
El Dorado 35 1,135 1,260 El Dorado 10 2C8 327
Humboldt 6O 3.720 1.8S4 Humboldt 42 3,762 1,301
Lassen 21 527 400 Lassen 2O 53O SSJ
Mariposa 19 457 750 Mariposa 6 172 1S8
Modoc IS 49O 533 Modoc 1« 529 427
Mono 7 ' 319 217 Mono 5 83 90
Nevada 46 1.6JM 2.043 Nevada 41 1.61« 1.443
Placer 44 1.807 1,603 Placer S3. 1.780 . 1.1«
Plumas 18 643 4S0 Plumas IS 662 <>M
Shasta" 50 1.S45 2,014 Shasta 4.1 1,«44 l.lftt
Sierra 21 655 490 Sierra 13 '574. 434
Siskiyou 51 1.742 1.777 Slsklyou 40 2.S33 2.0«»
Tehama 83 1.128 1,107 Tehama 31 1.02S 731
Trinity 22 5S3 588 Trinity 3 197 141
Tuolumne 31 1.C01 1.C27 Tuolumne 30 1.003 1.241
Total 646 21,268 10.686 | Totals 422 13.001 13.889
The missing precincts In 1900 gave McKlnley 3124 and Bryan 2872.
/ SECOND CONGRESSIONAL. DISTRICT.
Vote in 1002. * Xottt in lPO-t.
i 9 9 J$ * ?
: * I S !« ? 3
1 a 3 *.i *"* 3
COUNTIES. ' n ? i»7» COUNTIES. $4 - w
5" v : 3= ¦? :
z r : •£ -5
Butt* , 58 2.279 2.030 Butte 43 2.200 1.827
Colusa 21 54* 1.104 Colusa 21 720 1.143
Glenn 15 820 709 Glenn 13 879 975
Lake 17 B87 767 Lake 13 4»« fi93
Marin 2« 1.599 1.062 Marin 2« l.l»05 9Sfl
Mendocino 58 2.062 2.234 Mendoclno 41 2.0<v» 1.520
Napa 2tt 1,723 1.734 Napa 24 1.625 2.122
Sacramento M 4,479 4,e61 Sacramento 57 4.S54- 4.438
Sonoma 64 4.167 3.820 Sonoma ' 64 4.151 3,975
Sutter 17 803 670 Sutter 17 742 634
Yolo 15 1.327 1,«5S2 Yolo 13 1.4«8 1.60T
Yuba 21 1,007 CS3 " Yuba 22 1,000 916
Totals : 308 21,181 21.536 Totals | 358 | 21.926 | 2O.S3U
The missing precincts In 1900 gave McKlnley 785. Bryan 854.
THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
___<_ Vote in 1OO2. Vote In 1DO4.
2 K 3» 5 X. sT"
P 2 ¦ sr -? 2 *
o S y So S 3
- s a a; 5 r
¦**" **¦ £? ¦?&""¦
counties: 1 ? 3 counties. I? - ?
_~^^ w_^M -^— — m^^t^^^^ w _______ ._^^ _^^_^^_^_^_ I _^_ 1
Alameda 158 15,122 0.587 Alameda 158 18.68ft 4.429
Contra Costa 39 2,437 1.425 Contra Costa V® 2,743 1.2fO
Solaco 30 2.073 1,562 Solano ' CO 3.213 1.5S9
Totals 227 20.532" 8,574 Totals... 1*227 24,650 j * 7.22S
FIFTH CONGRESSIONAL. DISTRICT.
Vote in 1OO2. ¦ j Vote in 10O4.
o : s ) r» s 3
1 COUNTIES. S. S- 3 COUNTIES. 3 i 5 3
o ; • r 2. ; •
San Francisco (part) 124 10.020 15.250 San Francisco (part).... 137 5.500 6.294
San Mateo 20 1.263 1.434 San Mateo 20 1.732 1,276
Santa Clara .45 6.2!tt 6.028 I Santa Clara 48 7.543 4.568
Total* 192 16.577 *22.712l Total 205 14.775 *12.138
SIXTH CONGRESSIONAXi DISTRICT.
- Vote in lOOa. Vote in 1004.
2! Z > ~~~ ~~ Z 5 Q~
•° £ ? 5 1a.
• ' 5 § | S 8 ' $
COUNTIES. S a t COUNTTES. go g |
2 * • J * 3 2 * t
Fresno '» * 4.&S2 3.C45 Fresno 92 4.484 1 Z98O
Kings 13 1.069 S14 Kings 13 1.113 82«
Madera 2H 014 €65 Madera 3 67 15
Merced 1 24 819 1,005 Merced 24 M3 1.00R
Monterey 38 2.004 l.eSl Monterey 29 2,172 1.4T4
San Benlto l'J 729 870 3an Benlto 19 9O1 «48
San Joaquln 54 3.750 2.9O3 San Joaqutn 54 3.92S 2.358
Santa Cruz 4"4 2.O4S 1.607 Santa Cru» 44 2.551 1.34<»
Stanislaus ~ '1.333 1.142 Stanislaus 23 , 1.455 1.17a
Totals 319 17.2G8 13,732 ToUIi 270 17.554 \ 11.783
- The mlsslns precincts in 1000 gave McKlnley 965. Bryan 1133.
SEVENTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
.V.,y.- - Vote In 1OO2. Vote la 10O4. ,
Y | | V ~ ' Z K £"
9 r- If S-° a %
COUNTIES.- S COUNTIES. 3 ± 3 ?
— -— — - — — '— -' — : ,— '. — 1 — 1—
Los Angeles V 207 19.407 8.075 Lo» Angeles 202 ] 30.174 | 11,064
' The missing precincts in 1000 gave McKinley 423. Bryan 227. '
EIGHTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
. Vote in 1002. Vote ia 1OO4.
I COUNTIES. I |f COUNTIES. || | |
Inyo 21 <W 402 la y° 5 " 162 ST
Kern «© l."»» ~**2 Kern M 2.O45 l.tWJ
Orange • 34 2.3SO 1.452 Oranir* r.i 2.OKI 1,1ft.:
Riverside 51 2.214 813 Riverside U«J JJ.5ICI j 717
San Bernardino K5 3.177 1.618 San Bernardino : '54 3. em I.Ms
San Diego »7 2.801 2,001 San Diego fc? 3.347 I 1.43!i
San Luis Obispo........ ."J7 '1.650 1,703 San Luis Obispo XI 1.HPJ I t,.14i
Santa Barbara. S3 2.151 1.3S0 Santa Barbara I 33 2.1H0 | 1,741
Tular* ..:......... M 1.701 2.1S2 Tula™ | 5O 2.1.17 I 1.615
Ventura 30 1.880 1.204 Ventura ) 3O 1.92O j ' ««
Totals 4S2 *20.135 15.819 Totals \' 42T'r23.9S5 '- "lZ273
The missing precincts In 1900 gave MeKlnley 746, Bryan 805.
The best nay to keep people from
getting onto your curves is to b* per-
RICHMOND, Va.v*Nov. 9. — Actual
and estimated returns give 'Parker
about 27,000 majority in this State.
The Ninth Congressional District Is the
¦Parker's Virjdnla Majority.
only one carried by the Republicans.
FOURTH CO.NGRKSSIO.iAL. OIST11ICT.
— — — ~— ~- f — ¦ — -! — '
Vote In 19C2. Vote In 10C4.
¦Pi- C 'Pi' f*
¦ :;. • = . ;,§;. =- . 3
COUNTY. •?. s- ?. & '
San Francisco... 16,890) l«,214| 20,002*1 12,7»8
Senate Amendment No. 2. .
SENATE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT
NO. 2, TO PROPOSE I TO THE PEOPLE OF
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA AMEND
ING THE CONSTITUTION OF THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA BY AMENDNG
SECTIONS 1, 4.10. 12, 16. 17. 18. 21. '23
AND 24 OF ARTICLE VI THEREOF. RE
LATING TO THE JUDICIARY AND ES
TABLISHING COURTS OF APPEAL. <
(Adopted March. 14, 1003.)
FOR AMENDMENT NO. 2 . ... 23.858
AGAINST. AMENDMENT. NO.- 2 6,130
Senate Amendment No." 4. '
SENATE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT
. NO 4. A RESOLUTION TO PROPOSE TO
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALI
FORNIA AN AMENDMENT TO THE
. CONSTITUTION BY ADDING THERETO
A NEW SECTION TO ARTICLE IX TO
BE KNOWN AS SECTION TWELVE. RE
LATING- TO - THE EXEMPTION FROM
TAXATION OF THE PROPERTY NOW
OR- HERKAFTER BELONGING TO THE
"CALIFORNIA ACADEMY OF SCIENCES."
VAdopted February 0, 1003.) ' •
FOR AMENDMENT NO. 4. 16,813
AGAINST AMENDMENT NO. ,4....... 14,006
, Senate Amendment No. 11.
SENATE CONSTITUTIONAL -AMENDMENT
NO. 11. A RESOLUTION :TO PROPOSE TO
:'THG:PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF-CAM
; FORNI A AN/AMENDMENT TO THE CON
STITUTION OF THE STATHJ OF CALI
FORNIA.' ¦ AMENDING ARTICLE XIII OF '
.. . :ri * .*v:. \ . : -\ ' - • ¦; ¦¦
CONSTITUTIONAL AM ENDMENTS.
Twenty-Eighth District.
W. J. MINDHAM, R.-U. L wog
S. B. NOLAN. D 'g^
C. V. HALLENQUIST. S S. 317
CHARLES R. FRANKLIN. I 302
Twenty-Ninth District.
J. A. CULLEN. R.-U. L '- 1940
PATRICK MORIARITY, D i ; j/oiO
J. J. McKELVEY, S '444
Thirtieth District.
FRANCIS MeNAMARA, R j G27
E. J. TWOMEY, D '939
RICHARD CORBETT. S 351
TIMOTHY RYAN. U. L n\a
T. R. MANN. I.. »>:;
Thirty-First District.
JEREMIAH LUCEY, R 1 737
T. J. KENNEY. D ' 8S0
HUGO LOTZIN. S 426
CHARLES A. 8ISKRON. U. L 324
Thirty-Second District.
P. J. BOYLE. R Kft)
G. L. FLANAGAN. D 757
WILLIAM SCHLOTIIAN, S o«7
JOHN J. HENNESY, U. L. 8e y
Thiriy-Thlrd District.
F. J. MEINCKE/ R 1 agg
M. J. KERRIGAN. D.-U. L 1,045
F. E. DEAM, S 27 8
WILLIAM H. SKERRETT. 1 37
Thirty-Fourth District.
F. V SEVERANCE, R ....... 2 000
J. B.'McCLOSKEY. D.-V. L 1 ' 2J)6
SOLOMON OROLOFF. S 242
C. J. AYER. I 122
.Thirty-Fif th District. ,
E. P. TREADWELL, R.... 1970
J. A. CLIFFORD. D.-U. L.. i" 351
ANDREW SCHORNITZER, S 179
ThIrty-SUlh District.
E. E. PFAEFFLE. R 1 jqojj
CHARLES FLEMING. D.,.. 1 ,^
A W CASTNER. S.......... : s lu
EDWARD J. DEAVER, U. L
: Thirty-Seventh* District; ;
F. F. C. JONES, It..... 2.6S8
AN ACT TO PROVlDE"FOR THE ISSU
, ANCE AND SALE- OF STATE BONDS TO
CREATE A FUND, FOR THE CONSTRUC
TION BY THE BOARD OF-BTATE HAR
BOR COMMISSIONERS OF A SEAWALL
• AND APPURTENANCES IN THE CITY
AND COUNTY OF (SAN FRANCISCO; TO
CREATE A SINKING FUNDu FOR THE
PAYMENT OF SAID BONDS: AND PRO
VIDING FOR THE SUBMISSION" OF THIS
ACT TO A VOTE OF THE PEOPLE.
(Approved March 20, 1903.)
FOR THE PROPOSITION 32,975
AGAINST THE PROPOSITION •. .. 1,006
Assembly Bill Xo. S86.
These headquarters were in charge
of George C. x Edwards, assistant secre
tary, and under his direction the cards
of the various legislative nominees of
the party were distributed without cost
to them. A smoker every Thursday
evening brought the candidates and
their friends together at the headquar
ters and furnished the needed' relaxa
tion trom the strcnuoushess of the
campaign that now is history. } f ¦¦-.-
The headquarters at 16 Geary street
were decorated inside and out and at
tracted attention from passers by, and
the seven large rooms were visited
daily by a large number of party men
seeking information. Large display
signs were made and displayed from
the flag poles extending over the side
walk of the two Congressional candi
dates, Kahn and Hayes, forming an
additional headquarters for these two
nominees. r -
should not again prevail we hired no
halls nor did we send out speakers un
less the money was in sight. The re
sult is that we retire with a clean rec
ord, and no man can say we did not
pay our bills. This brings us a feeling
of satisfaction, even though our defeat
was complete."
- Owing to the fact that them were no
city or county contests save the Su
perior Judges, there was no definite
work for the Republican County Com
mittee and no funds available for
work. The only thing to do was to
watch out for the general success. The
candidates were encouraged to make
the rooms their headquarters, wherein
they could keep their supplies and meet
their friends and workers. Over 5000
pieces of literature containing the full
ticket were arranged and sent into the
eighteen districts, so that the voters;
while reading good matter, were at all
times in touch with the candidates to
be voted foT.
MEMBERS OF ASSEMBLY.
On the face of nearly complete re
turns Adams (D.) has carried Denver
County by 4500 plurality and" he ap
pears to have afeafe lead over Peabody
outside of this county. According to
the Times. Adams' plurality in the
State will reach over 10,000. The
Times concedes that the result is .in
doubt as to the other State officers,
but .claims the Legislature will be
Democratic in both branches. The
Pest says: j
"Late returns this afternoon indi
cate clearly that the Republican ticket
in Colorado, national. State and* coun
ty, " has been elected by pluralities
ranging from 2000 to 10,000. A con
servative estimate places Governor
Peabddy's plurality, af 5000. He will
carry Denver by from 1500 to 2000."
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 9. — Roose
velt's plurality lf« Colorado has been
increased by later returns and . may
run above 15,000. Republicans and
Democrats claim. the election of Gov
ernor and Congressman at large. The
Republicans threaten to contest the
State election on the ground of al
leged frauds in Denver.
Indications That Adams Will Be Colo
rado's Next Governor. •-
•There is one thing I will say." said
Wai Eh. finally breaking the Esopian
faience, "and that is that no matter
what the result of the election in this
State our committee will retire from
the campr,Sg:n \.1thout owiris; a dollar
Thr- last committee left behind a debt
of $5000 that hvr.g like a millstone
arnund th«« neck of the present corn-
Klttee. Determined that thla condition
Seventeenth District.
FRANK A. MARKEY. R 8 186
JOSEPH M. PLUNKETT. D 2*667
C. F. STYCHE, S '735
Nineteenth District.
R. J. WELCH. R.-U. L 4 400
JOSEPH HOLLE, D 2 § 282
GEORGE WILLIAMS. S '.','. '439
Twenty-First District.
EDWARD I. WOLFE. R....... s »"4
D. W. BERRY. D.-U. L "" 2 550
A. C. HASKINS, S '424
Twenty-Third District.
G. B. KEANE, R.-U. L. 4 B22
A. McMAHON, D 217?
FRED FICKEN. S '.'. 377
D. H. SKILL1N. I *-'X 322
Twenty-Fourth District,
J. B. BYRNE, D.-U. L '.
Twenty-Fifth District.
JOHN H. NELSON, R 4 0SO
h. h. mann, s ;;;; 457
STATE SENATORS.
PEABODY PROBABLY BEATEN.
THE STATE CONSTITUTION BY ADDING
THERETO A NEW SECTION TO BE
NUMBERED "ONE AND THREE QUAR
TERS.*' RELATIVE TO EXEMPTION OF
SHIPPING FROM TAXATION.
(Adopted March 6. 1903.)
FOR AMENDMENT NO. 11 16,567
AGAINST AMENDMENT NO. 11 14,081
Senate Amendment No. 20.
SENATE CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT
NO. 20— A RESOLUTION TO PROPOSE TO
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALI
FORNIA AN AMENDMENT TO THE CON
STITUTION OF THE STATE. BY AMEND
ING SECTIONS TWO AND TWENTY
THREE OF ARTICLE IV THEREOF.
RELATING TO THE LENGTH OF LEGIS
LATIVE SESSIONS. THE COMPENSA
TION OF MEMBERS OF THE LEGISLA
TURE. AND LIMITING THE NUMBER OF
EMPLOYES OF THE SENATE AND AS
SEMBLY. AND BY AMENDING SECTION
FOUR OF ARTICLE FIVE. RELATING TO
DECLARING ELECTIONS OF GOVERNOR.
(Adopted March 13. 1903.)
FOR AMENDMENT NO. 20 14,800
AGAINST AMENDMENT NO. 20 13.55S
Senate Amendment No. 17.
ASSEMBLY CONSTITUTIONAL AMEND
MENT NO. 17— A RESOLUTION TO PRO
POSE TO THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE
OF CALIFORNIA AN AMENDMENT TO
ARTICLE XIII OF THE CONSTITUTION
OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. BY
ADDING A NEW SECTION THERETO TO
BE NUMBERED SECTION TEN AND A
HALF. IN RELATION TO REVENUE AND
TAXATION. -. ;
(Adopted February 26, 1003.)
FOR AMENDMENT NO. 17 17. 77S
AGAINST, AMENDMENT NO. 17 9.113
Senate Amendment No. 26.
ASSEMBLY CONSTITUTIONAL AMEND
MENT NO. 26— A RESOLUTION TO PRO
POSE TO THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE
OF CALIFORNIA AN AMENDMENT TO
ARTICLE IV OF THE CONSTITUTION OF
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA BY
ADDING A NEW SECTION THERETO TO
BE NUMBERED SECTION 2»Mj OF ARTI
CLE IV, RELATING TO THE POWER OF
THE LEGISLATURE TO AMEND EXIST
ING CODES. )
(Adopted Mwch 14. 1W3.)
FOR AMENDMENT. NO. 26 14.391
AGAINST AMENDMENT NO. 26 12,233
Forty-Fourth District.
NEL VOGEL, R.I 2,234
CHARLES EDEL.MAIS'. D 953
W. H, GLADDING, S 234
j FortyFJfth District.
LOUIS STROHL, B 1 625
JOSEPH SILVA, 'D 1052
GEORGE NESBIT. S 144
JUDGES OF SUPERIOR COURT.
FRANK H. KERRIGAN, R. .-'37 408
JAMES L. GALLAGHER, R.-U. L.... 25 218
DANIEL W. BURCHARD, R.-U. L.... 23 ll><5
JAMES M. TROUTT. R 31 3GC
F-RANK J. MURASKY, D.-U. L SS Sfts
JAMES M. SEAWELL, D 32,8:17
WILLIAM B. WHITE. D IB 204
CHARLES T. CONLAN, D.-U. L.. . . . . 27 874
ROBERT Ll'TGK, S 3 88:»
CHARLES B. KILER. S 4359
J. C. WESLEY, S. i 4H7
LOUIS GILLER, B: 4,127
;^- : proposition.
J. 'H. DILLON. P. ~T7. L 1.466
GEORGE F. ARTHUR. S 206
Thirty-Eighth District.
H. C. BECKETT. R 2.352
JOSEPH BRACKMANNT D.-U. L. (count
omitted.) '. - . •
C. M. ETIGUE. S. 22!l
A. FROMBERG, I # .. 430
Thirty-Ninth District,
T. E. ATKINSON. R.-U. L,... .J....... 1.444
E. A. KENNY. D 71S
C. D. MUES. S ;... 1C3
E. T. McMURRAY, 1 1,12s
(^ Fortieth District,
GU9 HARTMAN. R ...i 2,122
D. S. HIRSHBERG. D L«}7
OL1VER EVERETT. S 135
Forty-First District.
N. C. C&OHLAN. R 2.013
PETER . CROWLEY. D.-U. L 8W>
F. V. FLEUREY, S 99
Forty-Second District.
G. A. McGOWAN, R 2,101
W. C. FARNHAM. D K95
A. M. HARREL; S 251
E. J. KIRWAN. >U. L 370
G. \V. LEWIS, I.. 369
Forty-Third [District.
MARC ANTHONY, R..J. 2.282
T. B. HAYDEN, I> 847
JOHN MESSER. S 173
J. W. SPENCER, U. t..... 153
The/completion of the count in San
Francisco shows that so far as the city
is concerned the amendment to estab
lish the appellate courts was' given an
overwhelming majority, but the count
throughout the State has yet to be re
capitulated. The completion of the
count here also substantiated the fig
ures given out late- Tuesday night
which established the election of the
entire legislative ticket of the city. In
every district the Republicans won l>y
majorities that leave the most disgrun
tled Democrat of them all without the
slightest ground for contest.
The principal arguments are that
they have had large experience and
that they are In actual touch with
much of the business of the Supreme
Court. There will be three branches of
the court, one each at San Francisco,
Los Angeles and Sacramento. The
bench of the new tribunal must have
not more than six members of one po
litical party. This will give Governor
Pardee a chance to appoint three Dem
ocrats and six Republicans.
As the full bench will have nine
Judges, the five Supreme Court Com
missioners are candidates for a major
ity of the seats. The Commissioners are
N. P. Chipman, Wheaton Gray, J. A.
Cooper. D. H. Smith and R. G. Harri
son. The last named was on the Su
preme bench of California twelve years.
N. P. Chipman has the longest term to
his credit as Supreme Court Commis
sioner. In addition to the Supreme
Court Commissioners there is a host of
other candidates. "
The lawyers are eagerly watching
the returns relating to the constitu
tional amendment to establish an ap
pellate court with nine Judges. The
Governor has the appointment of the
nine Judges for the first term of . two
years. After that the Judges are to be
elected for a term of twelve years by
popular vote. The amendment provides
that the Commissioners of the Supreme
Court shall go out of office In May
next. There are five of the Commis
sioners. They are all candidates, ac
cording to reports, for judgeships in
the appellate court. Governor Pardee
has been requested to consider their
claims and arguments have been made
in their behalf.
Twenty-one thousand eight hundred
and thirty-three is the Republican plu
rality in San Francisco, and the great
county of the State has reclaimed from
Los Angeles the silken banner of the
faith. The total vote cast in the city
Tuesday, according to the semi-official
figures now in the hands of the Regis
trar, was 66,739.
William S. Wood, leader on the Re
publican electoral ticket, polled 39,814
votes, against 17.&S1 cast for John Gar
ber, who headed the electoral ticket of
the Democratic party. These figures
show xhat the Republican ticket was
given a fraction more than two out of
every three ballots cast, an unprece
dented record in San Francisco.
.The difference between the vote of
Tuesday and that of the national elec
tion of 1900 is not as great as was ex
pected. In 1900 the total vote was 63,
152, only 3587 less than that cast at the
elecion just concluded. The registra
tion showed a difference between 1904
and 1900 of almost 10,000, and in view
of this fact it is difficult to explain the
small difference between the total votes
cact at the election of these years. It is
held by some, however, that when the
voters registered for the election just
passed they thought they were going to
have a fight on their hands, but the
apathy of the Democrats in the State
soon removed this probability, and,
accepting the result of the contest as a
foregone conclusion, thousands did not
take the trouble to vote.
The semi-official count of the ballots
cast In San Francisco at Tuesday's
election was completed early yesterday
morning. The average for the various
candidates established by the figures
given out late the night before by the
Registrar and published yesterday
morning was maintained throughout
and the Ust of victors remains as first
announced. The complete returns now
In the hands of the Registrar are as
follows:
REPUBLICAN ELECTORS.
WILLIAM S. WOOD" 30,814
ULYSSES^!. GRANT. JR 39.764
EDWARD SWEENEY 3O.«$8
CHARLES M. HAMMOND 39.671
FRANCIS M. SMITH S9.6'J5
WILLIAM J. DINGEE 3»,r»77
GEORGE H. PIPPY 39.540
MORRIS K. HARRIS 39,508
CHARLES J. WALKER 39.5A1
RICHARD MELROSE 39,4f2
DEMOCRATIC ELECTORS.
JOHN OARBER 17.BS1
EDWARD WHITE 17.SHH
J. ROSS CLARK 17,928
THOMAS BAIR 17,'.t2t
JAMES G. MAGUIRE 17,fttSJ
A. F. JONES ' 17.004
FRANK J. SULLIVAN l«,003
EUGENE GERMAIN 17.SS1
W. M. S. BEEDE 17.$:{2
J. W. BARNEBERG 17.71S
SOCIALIST ELECTORS.
JOSEPH LAWRENCE 7,231
H C. TUCK 7,171
L. E. LEONARD 7.186
J. G. HURST .-. 7.17:)
THOMAS BOOTH 7.172
OSWALD BE1FERT 7.172
CARL BRAi 'HER 7.167
G. S. BROWER 7.15.;
W. A. COREY '. 7.152
G. W. "AVOODBEY 7.132
. PROHIBITION ELECTORS.
CHARLES T. CLARK '. 340
CHARLES J. HALL 340
WILLIAM O. CLARK R3O
JOEL G. WRIGHT ;. 337
ALBERT H. SOUTH WICK 332
ADAM C. BANE 32s
JOHN A. B. WILSON . .' 3.00
JOEL H SMITH 3.-J0
JOSEPH E. McCOMAS 3.13
WILLIAM T. EDDY 329
?
\SSOCIATE JUDGES SUPREME
COURT.
Unexplred Term.
WILLIAM G. LORIGAN, R. 3.M79
M. T. DOOLING. D IHiU
HERMAN G. WALKER. S s'l.-tt
JAMES H. BLANCHARD. P '439
REPRESENTATIVES IX CONGRESS
Fourth Congressional District.
JULIUS KAHN, R 20 002
EDWARD J. LIVERNA8H, D.-U. L r/7-js
WILLIAM COSTLEY. S 2 275
HUBERT R. CHAJ>IN, P "147
Fifth Congressional District.
E. A. HAYES. R " 14 77,1
WILLIAM J. WYNN, D I'M 38
F. K. WHITNEY. S '. JJ60
GEORGE B. PXaTT, P V]o
CHARLES J. WILLIAMS. U. L 810
Tb« rooms of the Republican State
Committee, la the Palace Hotel, were,
yesterday, thronged with representa
tives of the party Tvho cailfd to con
gratulate GeneraK Stone and his ac- j
cornpIJehed assistants. The magnitude '
of the Republican victory was the chief !
topic of discussion. Among the callers >
at headquarters were Congressmen
elect Duncan E. McKinlay, Joseph R.
Know-land, E. A. Hayee and Julius
Kahn. Major Frank McLaughlin, For
irer United States . Senator A. P. Wil
liams. Lieutenant Governor Alden. An- |
derson. Secretary of State Charles F.
Curry; Superintendent of State Print
ing W. \V. Shannon. J. O. Hayes,
Williani Harrington. Jacob Shaen,
Colonel George H. Pippy, Surveyor of
Customs Joseph Spear Jr., Frank
Brandon, George Hatton, State Sen
ators E. I. Wolfe, Charles M. Belshaw
and Richard J. Welch: Charles H. ;
Spear, president of the Slate Board of
Haibor Commissioners; General C. A.
Woodruff. IT. S. A.; Colonel John C.
Currier. William J. Ruddick, vice presi
de nt Board of Directors of the Veter
ans' Home; William J. Martin and E.
Martin^lli of Marin County; Attorney
General U. S. Webb. W. C. Van Fleet, :
Dr. Elmer Stone of Napa and many
others.
It is settled that the historic banner
¦"ill come to San Francisco again. It
is also agreed that the banner which
th€ California delegation rallied under
at the Republican National Conven
tion In Chicago win go to Marin
County. :
The Republican National Committee !
and the State Committee exchanged
greetings by wire In this style:
NEW YORK. Nov. 9, 1904.
H~n. G'orre S'.one.
l'tlact Hotr!, San Francisco —
The Rer-jbllcan National Committee pend«
h»»rty oonrrarulalir nf.
GEORGE B. CORTELYOU.
PAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Nov. 8, 1904.
H«n. Georjre B. Cortelyou.
Chairman Republican National Committee,
1 Maaleon Avenue. New York City —
caiifcrnir.. preeeniB out of her 325,O(i0 votes
100.000 plurality to Roosevelt. E;ght Congress
mfi) cen&in. Legislature almost solid.
GEORGE STONE,
Chairman Hepubllcaa State Committee.
CHICAGO. Nov. 3. 1904.
Cclcnel Getnge Stor.«.
Palac- Hctel. San Francisco —
Tt l^ks fcs thoue-h you hed acquired the hun
dred thousand habit. Heartiest personal con
gratulations. ELMER DOVER.
Hen. Elmer Dover,
Auditorium Hotel. Chicago, 111 —
The habit Is established and we hop« that in
the future California will not be put In the
doubtful column even by the most enthusiastic
liemocrat. Offlclal returns will rive certainly
UmOOA. Eisrht Congressmen certain. Legisla
ture almost feOiid. GEORGE STONE,
Chstlnrian R*publicta State Committee.
Leaders of the party In Los Angeles
were yesterday informed of the tre
medous majority for Roosevelt in San
Francisco and told to make prepara
tions to bring the banner to this city.
The Los Angeles Republicans have
been entertaining the Illusion that the
trophy would remain for a long time
In the south. These telegrams dis
pel the Illusion:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Not. », 19*1.
J. TV'. McKlnley,
!>-.« Angeles, C*l. —
You did eo well In Lcs Angeles that it •eemi
a pity to relieve you of the custody of the
banner, but Sac Francisco will hold it for two
years to come. Get ready your special train
and ruard of honor to bring the colors at the
earliest possible moment.
GEORGE STONE. Chairman.
8AN FIIANCISCO, Cal., Kov. 9. 1904.
Bri£ner W. Lee,
Chairman Republican Committee,
Los Angeles, Cal.
A*sicst your magnificent showing San Fran
cisco presents Z1.S33 plurality tor Roosevelt.
and you may make preparations to bring the
baroer here. GEOUCE STOXE, Chairman.
It Is estimated at State Committee
headquarters that Duncan E. McKin
iay's plurality In the Second Con-
KieEsional District will reach 2000.
Special credit for the happy result is
Riven to the stalwart Republicans of
Marin and Mendoclno counties. The
bettir.g in Napa, that the late Demo
cratic candidate would defeat McKin
lay. wa6 continued until 8 o'clock
1 uesday evenin?. The amount of
money lost by the misguided followers
of Bell is very large, but they have
this consolation. The election of Mc-
Kinlay guarantees a continuation of
prosperous conditions, and by dint of
industry aid the practice of reason
able economy they can acquire more
money during the ensuing two years.
"The darkest cloud has a silver lin
ing."
it is common gossip that the Cali
fornia Republican delegation -will not
ask Congress to restore the abolished:
canteen. It is closed and that is the
cr.d of the chapter. A bill, has been
framed for introduction in the Legis
lature to make it unlawful to sell
liquor within n radius of four miles
of the home. This bill will close sroi;
. series ucar the home, where pension
ers are debauched and robbed.
•Silcnr-ii. reigne-d yesterday at the
headquarters of the Democratic State
Central Committee. Secretary Thomas
K. WaJsh and a clerk or two worked
quietly packing up what little political
ammunition that remained in the
Fhape of pamphlets and proclama
tions. They did not even theorize as to
how ?t happened.
PRESIDE.VTIAI, VOTE 1OOO.
1900. ¦ President.
¦V * a -
'A ° •" I "
• COUNTIES. Q V! 5?
. 2. '£. d 3
= : ? ¦ r
ff : Z -'-
_ i_ _L J L
Alameda ...'. 15S 22.161 14.824 6.677
Alpine 5 84 68 15
Amador 23 2.621 1.T84 1.203
Butte 65 4.420 2.3'22 2.011
Calaveras 34 2.R31 1,600 1.I8S
Colusa . . 21 1.802 64S 1.075
Contra Costa 39 3,789 2.165 1.649
Del Norte 8 633 314 291
El Dorado 3<; 2,<:4'»< 1.193 1.406
Fresno -70 7,676! 3.585 3.690
Glenn 15 1.24S 494 737
Humboldt 60 5.S81 3.902 1,698
Inyo 21 935 396 005
Kern 60 3,824 .1,692 1,960
Kings 13 1,0*4 1.032 872
Lake 17 1.409 684 746
Las?en ...4 21 »3« M9 326
I.or Ansel* 207 35.505 19,200 13.16S
Mndera 2C, 1.539 764 737
Marin 26 2,645 1.681 904
Marlposa 1» 1.237 505 717
Mendoclno 58 4,121 2.192 1,861
Merced 24 1.049 811 1.C81
Modoc 18 996 440 632
Mono 7 645 2S4 25S
Monterey 38 3.910 1.P64! 1.S25
Napa 26 3.556 2.C17 1.432
Nevada 46 4,390 2.449 1.7B8
Orange 34 4.208 2.155 1.777
Placer 44 3.677 2.009 1.5!»2
Plumas 18 1,<IO3 640 442
Riverside 51 3.814 2.329 1.134
Sacramento 5S 10,046 6,.V»6 4,325
Pan Benlto . 19 1.546 724 7S6
Han Bernardino ... 65 6,040 3.135 2,347
San Diego 97 6.942 3.S00 2,678
San 'Francisco .... 283 C3.194 35.208 25,212
San Joaquln 54 6,439 3,318 2,873
San Luis Obispo.. . 37 3,438 1.5K4 1,713
San Mateo 20 2.B09 1,615 914
Santa Barbara 33 3.776 1.9S.8 1.699
Santa Clara 4S 12.1SS 7.107 4.6O7
Santa Cruz _. 44 4,O70| 2.173 1.635
Shasta 50| 3.7591 1,681 1,049
Sierra 21 1,153 702 436
Slsklyou 50 3,642! 1.S9S l.dfs
Solano 301 5.620; 3.114 2.262
Sonoma 641 8.104 4,381 3.517
Stanislaus 22! 2,41 0 1 1,058 1.270
Sutte r 17 1.488 Ria 642
Tehama I 33 2.402 1.210 1.13S
Trinity 22 1,039 f>44 485
Tulare 641 4.2HS 1,788 2,246
Tuolumne 311 2.8.08 1.300 1.530
Ventura 30.3,188 1,708 1,333
Yolo . 15 3,2ns 1,510 l,ex7
Tuba 21 2.170 1,179 . 971
Totals ... . . 2782S 289,740 164.755 124.9S5
Pro. 5024, S.-D. 7554, Scattering 1475. In
eluded In total vote.'
Democrats Lose Every
City Legislative ¦
District.
Supreme Court Com
missioners Seek
New Offices.
Splendid Majority For
McKinlay Wins
Recognition,
ANXIOUS TO DON ERMINE
MAH1H TO BE REWARDED
AVERAGE IS UNTIED
California has given Roosevelt a'majorlty beyond the wildest dreams of
the most optimistic of the party leaders. Some ventured to predict that he
would have a plurality of 60,000, but no one in the State had dared to venture
an estimate as high. as 100,000. Roosevelt's majority, with returns nearly
complete, stands at 112.883. His total vote already reaches 198.568. the
greatest the" Golden State has ever srlven a candidate for the Presidency.
The majority of 40,000 given McKiiiley four years ago fades into insig
nificance.when compared to the present figures.' The vote by counties fol
lows:
In each of the eight Congressional districts in the State the Republi
can candidate was elected. The majorities range from 20,000 in the Third
and Seventh, where Know-land and McLaehlan won out respectively, to 1000
in the Second, where Bell gave McKinlay the closest race. Wynn, LJver
nash and Bell will give way in the House to Hayes, Kahn and McKinlay.
Knowland will fill the place made vacant by Metcalf's elevation to the
Cabinet; Needham, Gillett and McLaehlan will succeed themselves, and
Smith in the Eighth will take Daniels' place.
FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
Final Returns Develop
No Change in the
Situation.
Los Angeles MustSur
render the Silken
Standard.
LANDSLIDES FOR McLACHLAN 11 J. E. KNOWLAND
Eight Districts Are in Line
California Calls With Voice
of 1 kunder for t our M ore
Years of Prosperity.
REPUBLICAN
BANNER WON
BY THE CITY
REGISTRAR
COMPLETES
THE COUNT
? —
Cortelyou Telegraphs
Congratulations to
Stone,
CALIFORNIA'S
PLURALITY IS
APPRECIATED
SOLID DELEGATION WILL
BE SENT TO WASHINGTON
RESULT GOES FAR BEYOND
ALL CALCULATIONS
Republican Party Rolls Up Over 100.000 PLURALITY For Roosevelt in Golden State
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 10. 1904
5w»r» dainty taurj ta French nouveau arc
BesJde* tn« hcnor«d.j:u**t.- Mrs. Metralf. thew
wer» rw»«a; Mrs. Pailij> K. Bowl*. Mrs.
Owes* W. McXear Jr.. Mr*. Cdson Adam*.
Mrs- G«crtc« Ure^cwtwd. Mrst C&art«s Minor
Oocdalt. ilrs. C&art«s Miser Coopwr. M!.«» El-
I«a Cfcaboc. Ml«» Aanie iriU«c. Miss Etlset
Maor«. Ml»a J»oaI» St?e« ot San Fraacisccv
Ma ETvwts asd Miss Efjwa^
>lr^ F. L Kendall «r.tertala?«2 at tuactt«oa
to-<Uy fc*r dasixhter'* bridal party and It was
as difiutitful aa a.Titr a» on« would wish t»
see. 31U* Keadair* w«.ldl«ar takes pUce a«it
Tb« Itacti«oa. t»bl« to-dar was a £r«aia ta
picX tul!e and rose*. Frora the o*ertsa.aji2«
cJuail#U«r a Cupid was suspended la to* mldn
Ql ptok tuUe atnajmn tha.: utecded to ttx«
»ld«» of the ctmtral taM« mirror, oa w&lca re
5o»«d a bowl of Owcil EruB*r ronea. Tha
nara« ca.ni.< ww» ttajr alipp«r» fill«d wlta
oraz^gv Xsloaaom* aad th» «ouv«Blra — ta* brid«**
sttt* to b«r ntaWs — w«r» too* xrU ptas. caca
otrrylas a tcoocsrvjs Inscribed' «oid baXL la
th* hraet««ii party ww» Mls» Xc*U» d» GoUa.
Mi.** Ruth Kal<M. Miss IJlUaa Imack Miss
Myrtl* ?tta» of Bwrkeiey. ill** Mirtoa Wilsa.
Ml«» Anita OUv«r. Mls« tititla Baxry. Mlsa
KaadaU and Mra, KtadaTU
Aged Man Found Deod-
OAKLAND. Nov. 9, —^The body of
an ased man was found this morning
la «» room at 405 Ninth street, which
he had rented two clays ago from Mrs.
S. Stahlbecker. the landlady- He had
been ilL The Coroner holds the body
awaiting identification.
LATE SHIPPING IXTELLIGIiNCIL
"Too didn't ret manr orders."* said
the ireneral manager to tne ce^r
traveling salessran on his return Crons
a tri? through a new terrttcry
"No."' said the ne-sr sa^essaua. *T>«
I mads a gcod. # irstffressloa.**
The new salesman receired a note
etatins that his services were co
longer" re^titred. aad the n«xt ma^
sent £ato" th* territory yet all the
orders .that resalt*d frcna tJte £m
ata'a ?ood tai;r«saloa. — So2t£sior*
SATT.»P.r>
Wwiaeadar. Xor. 9.
Btrar Xawport. CCralaff. K*l?sscoa Eay.
Stxcr Enterrrtse. Toua*r?«n. HUtv
Star CDreca. Q'«Io». Eter«ka»
DO1UESTTC POKTS.
FOtUSGX FORTS.
POKT TOWXS : ENt> — Sailed Xo«r 9 — Scir
Atlmiroi. far San. Dle«p».
Arrtv«il Sec* 9 — Br baric Strathdco. i«c:*
Ort 31.
VICTORIA— gfcUM Not »— Stsa- CsatEXa.
tor Saa Fr*actsctt».
OCEAN STEA1CERS.
CRSI2COCK — Arrr««d Xov ¦ 3 — Stair HI>«r
»»faiw from X<rw York. Sor ClasssTw.
COPSNHAOEN — Arrtr»<i Xar S» — Stair Hett
gotxr^ rr-jca Naw'Tork. Tta. OfcrarhnTiinrti isasr
H«W.i, from X«-» Tcrk. Tt» CliristJaBa.
UtVERPCO"^— Sall-«i Not 9>— Stsar >U;<wtic.
for H*w Torft. Tl* Q«««n3t«JTr2. .
- SOCTHAMPTOX — 9*H<Ht Xi?» 9— Starr
Kaioar WlUialni >%9t Gross**, Crocs. Sr*=<4n, I^r
K*« Terk. vi* CTiJi Nmi'4. .
BOY lYlSa.PPEAR*— Oak.l*nd, N>». ».—
William t*. R.*«. l^ year* cij. rw*i\lia» at *."i?
:.¦•«» mtr»et, ba» dl«UT««r«d. Tfe« iv-: 1 .--
Tne Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution allowing parties In outside
preclncts $» to bring ia the return*
and a man could have bought a ticket
from Irvtngtoa and return for $3 and
made 13 wages and; still saved th*
county something over m. County
Clerk Cook said taat if all the Rrecinct
officers had done the same thine it
would hav« put tae countr into insol
vency.
OAKLAND. Nov. s.—lt c<wt
meda County SI* «» postage for a
package of vote« from Irviagton to
day and it nearly broke County Clerk
took s heart to pay the bill, Thomas
Tierney mailed hb package of ballot*
a». Irvtagton Instead of sending them
by express or messenger and the con
sequence was the dtJTerenc* in the
Mils, which t»j at least $16. By ex
press the package w«uid have cost
about 50 cents.
Cierk Send* Votes by Letter Post
and Government's BUI for Cax
rlaxe L* $10 60.
invlNGTON R.V1XOTS COST
COUNTY A PKETTY PENNY
OAKLAND, Nov. 9. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Theodore
Schieve, over 21, and Mabel Himmel
mann. over IS, both of San Francisco:
Orrin W. Jackson, 47. and Wilhelmma
Harmon. 4J, both of Santa' Crua; John
Sherman McDowell, over 51, and Myra
Loralne Frierson, over IS, both of
Oakland; George W. Muther. tl, Ala
meda, and Ruby Marlon Tripp. 27,
Oakland; Bertie Barrett, over 21. Ma
nila, and Clara Otelia Becker, over IS.
San Francisco: Walter A. Edwards. 23,
Oakland, and Helen W. Noack, 21.
Berkeley.
Marrktctr Licenses.
To-raorroir evening Mr. Knowtind
wUI b« one of the speakers at a rat
ification and reception to be held ta
the West End Wlynraa under tnrj di
rection off the West End ImproTametit
Associatioa.
Speaking of the result of the elec
tion Mr. Knowland said: * I am nat
urally highly gratified at the splendid
manner b: which the voters of the
Third Congressional District indorsed
my candidacy- It "will be my ambition
tn ray new political field to prov* to
mv constituents that their confidence
Is appreciated and that they isiU
never have cause to regret their de
cision-"*
ALAMEDA. Nov. 9» — Conaiiessraaa-
Elect Joseph R. Knowlanl oi th*
Third District was the recipient to
day of numerous telegrams and lst
ters of congratulatioa apoa h's fwreep
ing victory. Accordingr to figures he
received" to- night his total plurality is
17.405. In Contra Costa County his
plurality Is 14 S3 and la Solaco Coun
ty 1670.
Mr. Kno-arland spent the gTearsr
part of the day at his home on Ever
ett street. Whea he appeared on the
streets he was cordially j^reeted and
congratulated by his friends, many of
whom nave known him *inoe boyhood.
Plurality Is Record Breaker tn Com
plete Returns for District-
Tibet has a rerslar postal s*«9in
ef a kind. The *tara? oa Utters !a
merely a caUv« citxracwr fca;Nr**s«d
In red sealing wax. Whea ©r» wa»ts
to post a letter ta Ttb«t c» o&ss tt
to Use nearest pO3to£5c» ast£ pay* t^i
amount du* t or -ro«t3MC». Ttwa C*«
letter has ta» .Ocv* ta#ntloa«<5 swal
placed upon It aad ta© Met*] author-
Ities take charr* c? tt.
Tibet's Pctttal Sj-sscbx.
KNOWLANTVS VOTE.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9. — Mrs. Matilda
Remlllard. widow of the late Joseph
P. Kemlllard. died to-day at her resi
dence, 101 S Washington street, after
a lingering illness. She leave* a
daughter, Miss Marie Remiliard. Mrs.
Remillard's husband was one ot th©
members of the pioneer Remiliard
family of Alameda Counter.
Mrs. Matilda Hemlllard Dies.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9. — George B. M.
Gray was convicted to-day in the
police court on a charge of maintain
ing a nuisance in the shar»e of a well
pump that emits strange sounds
through the still hours of the night.
The pump was operated In connec
tion with a water supply Gray had
developed at Twelfth and Harrison
streets, near his dace of business In
the Produce Exchange building. A
dozen residents in that vicinity swore
to-day that the pump had nearly dis
tracted them with its wheexinc and
groaning at night. They had de
manded an abatement of the dis
turbance, but had failed. Gray was
arrested, and in addition the neigh
bors began injunction proceedings in
the Superior . Court. Gray was di
rected to appear for sentence to-mor
row morning. Gray will remedy the
trouble.
Will Stop Pump's Groans.
Tn<glKri Gtzis Smo&lss ta PniCc
It is ¦. regrettable but c«rta£nly tra
<i»-laM* fact that »nokt;< arr.or.*
¦women, and especially »»-}r>~y ywssx
girls. Is becomii^- tscreastey!y com
mon. Thoajh !t ha* b«ea r«cor*ii**<S
as a practica ta prirat© 1U» for sea*
time past, to snoke openly la restau
rants and other public placeo *¦¦ not
be«n looked upon as Quit* eoasa tl
faur. but fixir'.r.* the but s#a_sc=. er two
It has yro^a i=or« general ax rest&o
rasta. This year a funier st&g« T^ft
beta reached, aad at Goodness- rr>«~y
Quite young girls wer« to b* «e«a
smoking in the luncheon partUoa. At
a large east coast hotel th» sa=s- stghc
is to be ae«n ta de loui:s» after din
ner, and one trusts it may aot b* cea
sldered old-fashioned to express th»
opir-ior. that tJ <lo<s cot add to- the at
tractiveness cf ths English girl to se»
her thus eciras**!- — LadieV Ptctortai.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9. — Mrs. Opolonia
Ott, mother of Charles F. Ott. Super
intendent of Streets, died suddenly
last^night at her residence. 718 Third
street, from heart disease. Mrs. Ott
had been uptown shopping during
the afternoon and there was no warn
ing of her death.
Mrs. Ott had been a resident of
Oakland for many years. She was
born in Germany in 1SS5. and came
to California when she was 30 years
old. The funeral will be held from St.
John's Episcopal Church Friday af
ternoon at 1:30 o'clock.
Mother of Charlea F. Ott Passes
• Awwy Without Premonitory
. S > mptoni*.
DEATH "SUDDENLY ENDS 1
liiri: of old resident
HERKEI£Y. Nov. ».— "Give 'em the
ax. the ax, the ax!" yelled a mlghty
band of California "rooters" In chorus
this afternoon as they serpentined
through the university campus bran
dishing aloft the famous ax captured
from Stanfurd years ago.
Hundreds of spectators watched the
unlQUr procession as It wound through
the grounds, starting at the gymnas
ium steps and ending at the old foot
ball field, wher* the annual ax rally
>*a» held.
Kach year the California men mak»
merry over the capture by them of
Stanford's ax. th© event being one of
the notable feature* of the football
season, always preceding By a few
days the annual football jrarne with
Stanford. Always the California men
are abte to evoke tremendous 'enthusi
asm by displaying their trophy, and
to-day there was no lack of outward
aud visible signs of triumph in their
demonstration. Under the leadership
of "Heinle" Heltmuller. custodian of
the ax. acd Lew Bulkeiey. yell leader,
the "rooters." SCO strong, marched in
serpentine formation behind the ax.
>\ lib a brass bar.d accompanying them.
At the fwtball field a crvwj of sev
eral thousand spectators awaited them.
The story of the captutv was told In
graphic style by Everett Brown, *oo.
now Deputy District Attornev of Ala
meda County. aj\d A. J. Cloud. *00, a
well-known alumnus.
The appointment of Joseph Bliss as
custodian of the ax for th* coming
year concluded the rally. Bliss is a
baseball man. and the innovation of
appointing other than a football man
vxsrasioned some comment.
Heitrauller appointed his own suc
cessor.
Former Stanford Mascot Is
Displayed in Triumph by
the Students at Berkeley
SHOW CAPTURED
AX ON CAMPUS
BERKELEY. Nov. 9. — Dr. Archi
bald R. Ward, head of the department
of veterinary science and bacteriology
at the State University, haa been ap
pealed to. by dairymen of Berkeley to
Investigate for them the problem of
"ropey" milk which' has worried them
for several weeks.
In some of the dairies the milk dis
pensed would form into strings or
ropes within a few hours after the
cows were milked. The milk was not
made sour nor unpleasant to the taste,
but the strings were objected to by
customers and so the dairymen sought
Dr. Wawl's advice. He tested the milk
and informed the dairymen that un
sanitary conditions in their barns and
sheds were responsible for the objec
tionable features of their dairy pro
duet. Dr. Ward has given the dairy
men advice in detail as to what meas
ures should be taken to keep the milk
in normal .condition and no more
trouble is expected.
University Professor Called Upon to
Explain l*uzzllnx Phenomena
In l»roduct.
"ROPEY** MILK WOrIuES
BI2KKHLEY DAIRYMEN*
ALJUilEDA. Nov. 9. — The Jury in the
case of Mrs. Lena Matheson. who died
feem Injuries resulting from her being
struck by a train of the Southern Pa
cific service in Alameda, to-nlarht re
turned a verdict- exonerating tho com
pany and Its employes. Mrs. Mathe
son was with Mrs. M. B. Eltten at En
clnal Park station. on the. South Side
line last Sunday evening, when the ac
cident occurred. The verdict in the
case ot Mrs. Eltten was practically the
same as that in the case ot Mrs.
(Matheson.
¦- Engineer Dan J! Quill and his fire
man. W. A. Hookendyke, of the loco
motive that struck the women, testi
fied that they did not observe the pair
until they were fifteen feet from the
engine. According to their testimony
the women walked directly from the
sidewalk onto the track, appearing to
te entirely oblivious to any danger.
Hookendyke was the first to observe
them and exclaimed "Whoa!" to En
gineer Quill, who immediately applied
the air brakes. The train was stopped
before it had traveled three car
lengths.
Among other witnesses who testi
fied at the inquests were: TV. B.
Cooper. I>r. J. A. Colllnge. Mrs. J. A.
Collinue, Dr. E. M. Keys. Dr. W. Tap
pan Lum, Mrs. Delia, Rockel, Miss
Bessie Yierla, August Rettig. Thomas
Dunlap. Miss Grace Reals. W. J. and J.
a Fielding.
Jury Exonerates Elneineep Quill In tho
Cbses of >Irs. Matheson and
co^rt to chang* its nftn^ ta that of th*
Standard Savisgs and Lcaa Assoclatioa. has
fousd that It traiaxressed a rsle oJ the Far*
Exainlaers la tie use of th* ward ••savtsrs*"
aad this morals* asked far aa crd«r v*c*rla«
tha oc* oais ca Saturday. No- corporation Is
allowed to use th» word "savtajrs"* aaleea «b
cag«<i la a general baxikia^ txxslaeaau
MUST CHANGE NAME. — Oakland. Nov. 9.
— Th* Standard Bulldlas and t,<>«^ Associa
tion, that last Saturday secured aa or£«r of
FILE DINNEEN WILL.— Oakland. Xot. 9.
Th- will of the lat» Michael Dtaneen was filed
to-dsy. The estate is value-* at upward of
SIO.iXO. He bequeaths his Barbie buslaess
at TIT Seventh street to his son. Edward J.
Dlareen. It does not, however, lncluds th*
real estate upon which th» business is located.
That, with the rest of the estate, is left to
Sarah A. Dinaeea. the widow who, howetw.
Is to care for it for the chuirta.
STRUCK BT LOCAI*— Oakland. Xov. ».—
R. 3. Wil'.iaias. a caryeater. livlay at Dtrsocd.
was struck by the 3 ©"dock local at Seventh
aad Brcadway this afternoon, bat e*cap«i
with a few minor Injuries. Th* ec*ia« threw
him to on« sid« «-¦! h« ;-:! Inta the- straet.
He was resioved to th* Recaivtzg Hcvpi^I.
but It was fotiad that h# needed little atten
tion. He was d#*f sad did not h**r th* train
comter- H* just rerAned yesterday frcai a
vUit U» his cativ* place la Wale*.
SUES FOR COMMI3SIOX. — Oakland. Kerr.
0. — 5uit to «<>n«ct a ocxnxalsston on a real ••-
tats transactlca was b«run to-dajr by Walter
K. U-bi" against 3. C McMuIUn for I10CO,
which he alieges Is dn« for efTectiag th« pur
chas* of the present stt» of the State Savin*?
Baak at the corner of Fraaklia ar.i Thirteenth
streets for $42,000. He says be waa given the
commission to- buy the property, bat haa re
ceived nothing for tt.
SVSTALN3 SHVERB CUT.— Oakland. Nov.
0. — Frank Ecos. a Portuguese!, fell from a
ladder upon which he was pruning trees at
Piedmont to-day and the shears fell en htm
and cut his head, which bled profus*ly. He
went to the Receiving Hospital, wher* h* was
treated, aad was afterward removed to his
home at 672 Thirty-elghta street. T%* cut
may prove fatal.
LEAVES NO WILL. — Oakland. Nor. ». — Pe
tition for letter* of administration on the es
tate* of the late Firman D. Hinds, farmer
County Recorder, was filed with the County
Clerk to-day by th* widow, Emma L. Hlads.
She states that after dllietnt search sh« was
unable to find a will. Th* property Is valued
at about SCO.OCO. Th* heirs are herself and
two children. ;¦ . ¦ .
PRISONERS EAT DUCK. — Oakland. Nov.
9. — The prisoners at th* County JaU wer*
made a present of seventy, teal duck shot by
Deputy Sheriff FrasX Adams at Los Bteaos
yesterday and a holiday repast was the result.
Every prisoner had a bird and the dlaaar was
voted the beet they had *v«r eaten. "* • '
PATS FLVB FOR THETT.— Oakland. Wot.
9. — William E. Ellis, a carpenter, forfeiud
S50 ball In th* Polio* Court to-day rather
than fac* a charge of atealln* doors and fix
tures from a bulldiog la E&st Oakland.
WILL, CONSTRUCT NEW SEWER.—Oak
land. N'ov. 9.— The Board of Public Works has
begun preliminaries for the construction of aa
Intercepting drainage sewer along Third street
from Center to Peralta to relieve the urgent
needs of a lanr* territory.
RAn.ROAD yiES NOT TO
niiAME FOR AOCIDKVT
OAKLANDNEWS.
Ta« l«ac**?« «+v«a rw Mr*. Vtet«- K- Met*
e&K tals atterwfo* by MTw« nortaa* Brwwat
was oa* c* ta* w*ek's chaxmter aTatrs. V
•!!v»t lortes; « ? . at}«4 -wxtit ptak »-ta<iiolas
occai»l*<l th* e*at*e «t tt» tabK ta the isMst
of a wi^ata of violets. Oura gn**t wc«tv«4 a
curvax* bvuai-n of Ttolwts a»t O» aasw ca^i*
Ta* brW* is a dseuater of th* tats- Captain
a»J Mr*. John R. FH«^«i of Ea*t OakJ.%atL
aad. th* r>.vra Is ta* gealsi 5a*ls»*3 i&aaac«r
cf ta* OaXlaa<l Tm>u3*.
Ta* brU#> brother, R. TT. Frtersoo. s»t»
her awajr aaj the aurtfcjj Icact was tte<i by
K»v. WUHam Csx»>a Shaw. Ta* Elks* Quar
tet saag- a wthMia* -ayraa aad MLas. A tic* MUr
rwy wn« "CsOt M» Thte« Om" *ttrta» ta*
c«r«noojr. A small reception followed »• th*
aouw. Mr asd Mrs. <VIcIX»w«-U oav* r?a*
Ea^t tr» the TfcrttTs Fltr.
Two Itttl* Bow«r gtrts» Fun!i-r!» Stowr aaii
MaN»t Lewis. w«r* ta wa!t» aad carried bas
k»t* cf ©Ink rose lre.T«», -,,.
Mtss Ruta m«r»o«. also ta wblt*. was mai«2
of hoacr. Two of ta» brtdesasald*. Mtss AUc*
M?tVw«U aa4 Mls» Kata«rta« Uoy<t. www
daJaty gowas of 4eOc»t» rr»«a» aa<l ta* other
twow Mtss Sail* MeXVwetl aa«i Miss .Tttii*
Harrt«jit<?ii. wore rtnk frcclw ot p*l» ails, or
<n,r».3!». AU ceuitea plaX rceaa.
Toe- wedding o* Mlse Myr» I<orab39 Ft+srsoa
asd J. Shwnisa Mc£>uw«a*was an tat«reatla«
E«u9t Oaklaad *v«et this evealajr. Tb« Clsurx-a
of ta* Adveat was the sceao cf ta* ceremonY
&ad t» t-ti It aad a«r &tt«cdiata. in ttalr
gowes q! wMt» and plain sa<j gr«ea. blead^
ia a caarmla* pieCir*. The brtde's gown^was
cf pal* erMim, crape d».«Ma* ov»r t3L2«ta» th.»
tucke<i bodlc* b*lajf oraasa^ated wttl* penrt
•o»broi\Jwre<i chtSoa rcwes. Tb» tnlZej veil was
b«ld to place wtta Ult<» of th« va!2«y aad th«
saa>e Sower"*, with. Brtd* rosee. f&naed Ui«
shower bjetKiaet. , -
The reoelvla* party was a lars* oae. la
chiUiniic Mrs- C'harlea Exbert. Mrs. Oscar Lua
in*-, Mrs. Ada Vaa I'eH. Mrs. Meary Taylor
c; IVrkelay. Mrs. Edw-jird Remlllard. Mr*
Robert -IXia^a. Mr*. A. R. Dabney. Mrs. R.
McCaeaney. Mrs..^ A. O^XeUl, Mn. Stsphea
Triyp, Mrs. Joan Cbaaors. Mrs. CHwrs* P»r
ktas* Jr.. Mrs. Alexander Mttcaell cf Vallejo.
Mrs. Joseph Matth«w». Mw. Jaroes Caaipb*!!
of San Je»e. Mr». George Fisber, Mrs C- T.
itU!». Mrs. Reetl Caabot. Mlsw Sally Worley.
MUs Aoit» ThoBopsca. Miss Mauri* Eaglish cf
VaJLtejcs Ml»s J*8£d« lAthroOk il!«* Ia«*
Hoy ce. MIsm Abaa Seveaiag of Alanietfa. Miss
(."fearlotti* Et»«y. Mtss J*a3»y Verity Mtss
May l*»rkias. Mis» Clara Dafcaey. Miss llaviij
fatmpbelC Miss Irea* t>iciyb«U. Miss Msxxaret
Ouna. MUs Altc« Brtttca. MUses Gu*»i« »a<l
Waa M»lba&a aad Mi tt Alt • » rabaey^
Mr*. Gilbm Curtlss— who. by th» way. it
extremely pr-->ud cf her n«w title sine* llttl«
l\irt!»s Nelsi* Adas?.* m*de her a grand
mother*— iook»l even youajcer s.nd prettier than
ever la a white- (town aad hat aad a gorgeous
rrtntne collar. Mrs. 'Wfctraton. another proud
tcrtitvJuK'ther. who rivals Mr». OUrtlss In youth
aad beauty. w«.uma» the call«r». In a gown
of the pale gray that U *> becoralag to her.
Miss Charlotte Elwy. always stuanlaxty
gewaed. wor« a caic creation of stoa« blu»
silk. Mm. wmtara ShJels was also a caller
weartag a lw.< white coat wita Perslaa cloth
trtaimiac that wu both pretty and feeeeaila?.
Acaocs wme of th« others who wore notice
ably pretty sown* w»n» Mrs. C^iarl«A Eptwrt.
Mrs. LuBlr.it. Mr*. Mehrtaaaa. Mr*. Asa M»a
cL«ahaH. Mrs. Brataober. Mrs. P»rcy Claj
lUsuk, Mrs. W. T. Veltch. an<l Miss Eva
Yorker.
And the handsome gowns! There were
dosrr.s of them. Th» hoetess her»«lf wor* an
•xquulte combination of vtotat tulle, chiffon,
and s:l*. and Mlu Kleeman's gown was an
ln:v^rted rob* of white tmtToidetrd liberty
chlftan. Miss Maud C^raplvll— aa attractive
ttirl of a r«*l Carmene»u.ue type^ — wore a be.au*
tlful gown of white chiffon and lace.
One of the handsomest gown* in the roosn
waa that worn by Mrs. Robert Duncan. Of
rich violet silk brocade, it w»* Quaintly mad*
tn ISSO style— full, round skirt and low, pointed
K-dto*. The skirt opened in front ovw a
janel of white chiffon. Itare Uce formed th*
>ok* aad all eyea were attracted by the *x-
Qul»tte old necklace of amethysts sh» wor*.
Mrs. Egbert. Mrs. McChesnty aad Mrs.
O'NelU were alsa hand»om«ly gowned and
Mr». \V. W. Standeford wore a beautiful pearl
Kiay gown, the bodice trimmings N»lng some
rare M»vU-»a lace that waa Uk» C2«ulsit» eob
web» of thread.
Tha spacioua dramtnr-rooms of the Klee
man residence were tax«d yesterday afternoon
to acoommmiate the fashionable throag that
attended tha at horae siven by Mrs. XT. N.
Kleen-.iin and her dau«htar. Ml»s ETstelle Klee
m»n. Th« opirit of ho«p4taltty reigned and
those who called with nivwt formal intentions
remained Ion* after tha few minute* d*cr««d
by fashion. Klow«r« and greens everywhere
a delicious punch in a convenient corner an
orchestra di*cu»*tng *w«?t««t music and s
number of attentive and charming maid* serv-
Icf rare connections— how oculi ont he!p for
getting to be modlsaly brief T
Among those who contributed to the day's
»ucte»a by assisting, the chief hostess were:
Mm. Wallace Evertoa. Mrs, Krne#t J. Otton.
Mm, Charles Dukes, Mrs. Alfred Eastland.
Mrs. Helen CourtraJn Mra. Uillian lirown
Kverta. Mrs. J. F. Dlll». Mn». Edgar U Dow,
Mra. U. T. Curtln. Mrs. A. K. Crawford. Mr*.
t.wonte E. de Oolla, Mrs Richard t>»rby, Mn.
William H. Cre^l. Mrs. Thomas H. Orellln.
Miss Mona Crellin. Mrs. Merrttt Day Mrs
James u OrtttemVn, Mr*. J^hn D, Eby. Mr*.
A. W. Esterlie. Mr». Gilbert Curtlss. Mrs D
C. Dick. Mrs. J. K. Karroll and Mm. W D
Currln.
Mrs. Kate Uulkley. a fotmer president of
i:bell. anj Mr*. Lynch, president of the Town
and liown Club of Herkeley were amonc the
dlstinculsh«»d sueats yesterday and occupied
honored »eats near Ebeil's president. Mrs. J.
II. Hum*.
TIi* K«m of tha aft«rnoon — though It would
hur» been lietter reserved for some other
ocoa*li>n— was tho p«;>er r»-a4 by Ml»s Carlln
vt Krrkrlry. >Vlth the tna«lo of graphlo and
weli.chosrn ESiiflish Miss Otrlln transported
l-.rr modern audience back to medieval days
and through her eyes we witnessed the quaint
old rlay of Uothembunr. In Germany — the play
that :.- glvrn thrre annually and in which th»
whole town participate. To uJd tt> tha unique
'.mrif.-i of Ml»» Carltn's narrative, tt was
illustrated with soniu of tha Incidental muslo
Of tha play. «ung by Mr». J. M. Pierce Of
Berkeley anj Barone»a von Veldie.
Kirut on tho day's programme vu the Cbell
lu:u-!ir-o:i. and the clubrooms. as one has
lesjDtj to expect on these occasions, wns
vrowd<-d from the flower- bednoked platform to
iho rnuuu.-o Mrs. William It. UatU was
l>re*Mliia" oftUor and the nuulcal programme
wan In ohars« of Mrs. EL 1^ LK>w. Miss
1-lt-uiKT L>ru»del and Mra. li. K. Welh«». with
a I'luu duo. a violin solo by Miss Isabel Seal
and l«o delUhtful vocal numbers by Hubert
Olyilo Uusoott were the blta of harmony rn-
Joyed ly the lunvh.n-a yucata. Miss BttUlle
Druntmoud acooiupanled Mlsa Seal and Mrs.
l.inseott.
OAKI»AND. Nor. 0. — The onward course of
h.k'U! events ha* not been Interrupted tor a
moment by tlio national agitation, which this
year arema to hare been little more than a
ripple, of excltem«nt. While their husbands
anil brothers were tiring thero»elv«e out doing
)>ol)tlcH., the society women ot Oakland were
Involved In a dUsy whirl ot social "stunts,"
(or yesterday km cartalnly a strenuous day
for fa«iiluu'a devotee*.
Hy Zoo Orecn ltmlellffe.
OAKLAND. Nov. 9. — Motion for a
non-suit was argued - to-day before
Judge Melvln In the case of Mary Ken
nedy ajralnst the Oakland Traction
Company for $86,000 for having sus
tained Injuries in a. car accident
which necessitated the amputation of
her leg. : g
This ls'the second trial of the suit.
Attorney Bell for Ihe company having
been successful in asking, for a non
suit at the former trial on the ground
of contributory negligence of the girl
herself. She was riding on a load of
hay, which was struck by the car
and her leg mangled. . The company
held that she could not ba seen by. the
motorraan and that he 'was not respon-.
sible for her injuries, as he did not
know she was on the hay.
The stiima points are being made
this time, but on the other hand At
torney M. C. Chapman for his olient
has framed the case differently and ex-,
pecta that a different result will ba
reached by the time h« finishes his
argument to-morrow.
Oakland Traction. Company ' Making
Strcnnous Kfforts Not to Jdlow Kcn
n*\ly Cuae to Go to Jury.
WOULD ESCAPI3 DAMAGES
«Y MOTION* FOR NOX-STJIT
BRILLIANT EVENTS.
contained kerosene, which the girls
h*«l dropped In their lllght. ,.
Policeman Hynes took charge of the
evidence. Detectives were ordered to
make a careful inquiry. Svenaon de
olared he would demand the arrest of
tho girls.
Ruth Helander lives* with her
mother, Mrs. Hannah Helander, at 1330
Kirkham Btreet. The girl said to-day
that bhe, the MeDermott girl and Lar
ry Dalton, a boy, had procured the
matches and oil' to start a bonfire in
celebration of Roosevelt's election, but
before they had lighted it the Dalton
boy refused to allow the girls to flre
the pile of rubbish they had collected.
The girl denied they Had tried to set
the barn afire. Dunn was positive as
to what he declares he saw. II* Bald
the, attempt was so deliberate ha could
not overlook It. ' • .
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.— Ruth Helandor,
14 years old, and Lilly McDormott, her
chum, the same age, tried to set lire
to a barn in the rear of W. R. Dunn's
premises at 1223 Fourteenth street last
nlRht by saturating the runway with
keruHeue oil and Igniting the fluid with
matches. Such Is thf complaint that
has bven filed with the Chief of Police
by P. Svenson, 1221 Fourteenth street,
owner ot the property.
According to stutements made by
Dunn aud Svenoon, the first named
Raw the girls last evening as they
wnro lighting mutches In the barn.
Dunn said he had stepped out on tho
back porch and surprised the girls,
who run away. Ho pursued, but failed
to oatch the mlschief-mukers. Investi
gation disclosed tho burnt matches, the
Hiituiaii-d planks and a bottle that had
t
Dorothea M. C- Xltm (aiTnlnUtratrix rsta?«
Theodora Meets'* tr» N 1 . C. Hawks and H- O.
Mehrtei:*. all rsterwt ta tollc-ring: Ixx» T
acd ?. naip portion Meets property. AlasecU:
also let on 8S cerrser (rf RiRrosv* aresu» ani
Sixth str««t. E 131 by 3 133, Alassda; slso
lot on ? !•:-.» of Ra!?r?«i3 ' STeac*. 831:4 E ot
Sixth street. E 73:4, by 3 140. Ala=a«!a; t4SK.
Henry a=4 Lroniasv M!c&ae!a t-» VrarA arj
Aselii Kays«r (wt?e>. !c«t on SW «5rn«r ot
Taylor avwvaa and Carrtftee street. W 120 br
8 42.*1. lot 1. and N « feet y h: !, saaa
portion origt=a: V1sc!i<?t Tract. Aiaae<*a: fix
Wni'sia T. aa<S Easy* S. A(!a!T to RasSsC^b
Oraiea. let on SE corner ei P^-at ms.£ Mjl'i*-^\
streets. 8 33:4 try E 100^ lot 14. blaek to.
Alarceda. sr i la&ds adjafeat. a;«?w^« <: %•¦*
Louisa 0"Toole (wUIaw* to i BL Ci*«*
fwid-rw). lot on D l.'ne of Shattack a-?<r3ti'»
ICO S of Eu=ic« (Durant> street. 8 lf» by B
1S3. portion lot 3. b'.ock 12. property B*r**!#y
Vllta Association. Berkeley; flO.
Sarah B. Ch«*k (wldow> to H. C. HaH. lot
en E lise of Shatnicic awsae. UO S ot £>ic'.-%
street, S 30 by E 13*. portioa !ot 3, block 12,
sar:e. BerkeUy; J1C0.
Mary L.. and William A. Douglass T-> Roy
H. Douglass, let 4, block 12. map r*rab<lrr!s'.oa
block 12. McG«* Tract. Berkeley *10.
deed and arrreraeT*
Sarah A. McKe« (widow, by S. B. MsXs*.
attorney) to John OL'Iacn as*T Harry W xi«-t
lnt 22. block 5. map Santa F» Tract 3 Berks-
Katie L* and G. U. Fits (.husband an4 *•
attorney) to Peter Haasen Ui&rle). 87 feet oa
Chrlstiaala street by 100). beiag lot 23 and
B H lot 24. block T. asissded ntap ChristUala
Tract. Oakla&d Township; $3.
Oliver M. Jone» (widower) ta Morris a and
Mary F. Locta (Joint tenancy with rlgat of
survivorship), lot on NE corner of Vina and
Ixm'.sa streets. X»>. E43.822.W4.8Sji
W 45. portion lot 1». blocJc 8. Grav«s A Tay
lor Tract, Berkeley; $ia
Loizl and Mar!a Demsodo to Mary L*agtry
• wife of RJchard). let on ?? Un« of B«v«xi;\
street. 73 E of Harrison. E 23 by i* 100. lot
24, block 8CK Keilcrsbergtr's map. Oakland
lia
Roger Johnson (single) to K E Cross, lot
on N line of East •jrwenty-slxta street. »3:«
of Twenty-first avenue, W 273 by N 230.
block 89. Highland Park Tract, also known as
lots 9 to 19 and 36 to 40. block 80. NorCbara
Addition to Brooklyn. Eaat Oakland; II Ql
Sarah H. Mcilahon (Hmithj to •vr««-{>m a.
Watts (wife of William A.) lot 12. bloc* 8.
Case Tract, fronting 4o feet oa Eddy street,
Berkeley; |1(X
Martha A. Watts (wtTe of William A.) ta
May F. and William C. Watts (both slnxl*).
same, Berkeley; *ia
Gilbert Simpaon to Charlotte H. Blsipaon
(.wife.), lot ra £ line of Sixth street. 893.M 3
of Channtng way, E 120, 9 38.68, W 120, N
63.13. lots 13 and 20, block 134. Avery Tract.
Berkeley; gift.
H. and M. B. Kohler (wife) to a X Boott
snd F. W. Bartlett. lots 12 and 13. block C.
map Xoi 2. Bateman Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Berry- Bangs L*nd Company (corporation) to
Oscar E. and- Bell* J. Mack, lot on SB conn
of Benvenae avenue and Russell street. N
63.66. E 148. S 30.2* W 143.33. lot 11. block
J. Berry-Bangs Traot. map 2. deed and agr«e
c«nt. Berkeley; fia
Joseph T. Hlnch and E. J. Sbepardsca to
Alfred W. Cooper, lot on *T lino of Felton
street, 370 B of Occidental. 13 S3 toy N 131.
Berkeley; 410.
Aurust H. and Kalaarlaa Bormana (w!fe>
to Haaslr.e C Hansra, let on E Use ot Ellis
•treet. 223:9 S of Prtae*. E 120 by 8 43. por
tion lot 118, R«gant-stre«t Homestead AasocU
ticn. Berkeley; 310.
Edward and Elizabeth d'AskqulCx to Htrwmrl
Himei lot on £ line of Occidental street. 1»>
S of Marlposa, S 83. E 13ft. 45 to land of Jame*
>v. Davis, thence N to point thereon that
would be Intersected by line drawn from point
beginning parallel with S line of Martpoaa
street. W iBO.Ji to beginning, portion lots U
and 13. block X. corrected map block X and
portion block Q, Paradise Park Traet. Oak
land; f 10.
Julia Magner (wife of John) to Edward and
Bridget Fenntiiy, lot on E Una of Willow
street. 108 N of Seward. N 27 by E W. lot 6,
block B. ToUnd Tract. OsJUaad; S10.
F. F. and Alma M. Porter to J. T. Robin
son, lot on S line of Kighta street. 637:8 B
from W line of Center, B 30, S 11*0, W S3. 3
61, W i5. \ W. E 30. N 120. bloc* 602. Boaxd
man'i map; 120. ¦
Charlotte L. CUrk (wife of HorseeJ to
Horace Clark, lot en N line of Sixth street, 123
W of Brush. W 2» by N 100, lot 23 and portion
lot 24. block 87. Kalierafcerrar'a map, Oak
land; gift.
F. (X and Heater XL Brewtter to Amaricaa
Mutual Investment Company <* corporation^
lot on NE line of Santa. Clara, avenue, 2&l.d7
NW of Vernoa, etc.. SB ML 48, thence aloof
NE boundary lint of lot 11 30.&3 f«.» to most
northerly corner thereof, thence SW 33 to as.
angle therein, theno* along NW boundary Un»
of said lot tJO.ty to ne line of Santa CSars,
avenue. S3 40 to beginning- lot 11 map Santa
Clsra-aveaue property, oiklind, quitolalxa>
deed; $1.
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 6.
i Dear Sir: We. the undersigned, members
cf a cominltteo appointed by the men of the
senior class of the university to cdtnmunlcate
to you the sentiment of the men of the clasa
ccccernlnjr the orders that members of the
class In military "A must line up an the
roadway la front of North Hail before pro
ceeding to the classroom, would respectfully
call your attention to the following facts:
• 1. That the members of the class In mil
itary ' 2A . did not understand the reasons or
Joseph Loeb ! and Eugene Hallett,
prominent classmen, waited upon Cap
tain-Nance during the afternoon and
asked for a reply to their letter which
was sent the captain two. days .ago.
Captain Nance ignored the letter and
the seniors wanted to know what his
reason was for doing bo.
Loeb and Hallett stated tha seniors*
case at length, and Captain Nance
heard them through. They reiterated
the arguments made in their formal
'letter to the military instructor, and
.when they finished. Captain Nance is
sued the following ultimatum, sayincr:
"After hearing you. I will Inform you
that I am now preparing a letter to
ithe senior class, which you will re
ceive soon. I do not tell you now what
that letter will contain, but I do say
that if, after you have received my
written statement, you then desire to
talk further or go further in this mat
ter, I will hear you, or read your state
ments. That Is all."
The ultimatum concluded the inter
view. .The seniors now have to specu
late upon the character of the com
munication which Nance says he is pre
paring for their perusal.
The following is the communication
filed with Captain Nance two days aco
by the seniors, who appointed the com
mittee of three, consisting of Joseph
Loeb, Gustav "White and John S. Ed
wards, to .prepare and present it:
BERKELEY, Nov.. 9.— Oaptain J. T.
Nance, military Instructor at the uni
versity,, whose ortiers to,the senior class
to preserve . order when enterins: the
classroom caused trouble for him and
the faculty, met a deputation of seniors
to-day and with them discussed the
situation.
For the?e reasons the men of the senloi
cl&ss. of whom the class In military 2A largely
consists, are opposed to the order requiring
the m«n taking this course to line tip on the
roadway In front of North Hall and march
in line to the lecture-room and do respect
fully request that hereafter the members of
the course In military 2A be allowed to enter
the lecture-room - In the same manner that
they enter any other lecture-room la the uni
versity and that the roll be taken In the
room and discipline b« maintained there tn
any w»y the Instructor may direct. Respect
fully. JOSEPH P. LOEB, »
J GCSTAV WHITE.
JOHN S. ET>WARD9.
Committee from the Men of the Senior CIsss,
University of California.
7. That these seniors also believe that say
such disturbance, may be easily avoided, dis
cipline more effectually maintained and the
class seated In th« lecture room more quickly
and quietly If they b« not required to form
Into line In the roadway and march Into
North Hall and upstairs.
B. But that th« disturbance brought about
on Wednesday. November 2. by the attempt
to form the members of the clasa tn military
2A In line according to order wu caused for
th« most part by the members of the thre«
lower classes, who rushed and scattered the
sections whenever the section marchers at
tempted to fail In.
6. That the senior men who ar« registered
for the course In military 2A believe that any
attempt to form such a line In the roadway
In front of North Hall offers great temptation
and Is practically an Invitation to ail other
students to rush the men who are. attempting
to fall Into line.
3. That the members of the lower classes
In tha university interpreted these order* and
their execution to be a humiliation of the
men of the senior class, which sentiment Is
hurtful to the proper exercise of the senior
control advocated by faculty and students.
4. That the men of the class tn military
3A made a mistake In not taking concerted
action and protesting these orders to ths
proper authorities before trouble ensued.
motives for these orders. No other cla*a.
however large or unruly, has ever been forced
to enter a classroom In this manrter. No at
tempt whs made In this casft to explain the
reason for this departure from, the traditional
manner of aanembltng Into classrooms In tha
University of California.
2. That this misunderstanding led to re
bellious feelings on the part of the members
of the class In military 2A- They felt that,
on the part of the faculty members Issuing
them, these orders showed a lack of regard
and consideration for the customary methods
of instruction In this university and for the
tlm«-honored privilege of students to assemble
from their previous recitation In a manner
most convenient to them.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Opposition Parties Wiped From Political Map
A Kmibaheil »a» dtvpped into th*
l*oilc« l>e^artmeut to-night when Joha
u McKirwy. ;-:r»:.l^i'.i of the i: -a:a of
1'olioe and Fine v % oiut:iifc»iuiiet s. \\a*
tiL>tlIled bV Chlet ol i\>.:.y H>,Uai::>
that a -<.:^v..:.t of ;-.-l.«.-r and three
patrolmen had siniultaueou*l> i»it;»eiu
rd their rt;»i^iatioi\s. The men are:
tierfceant of i'v>lu"« v'hdile» EL Clark.
I +:". .:¦...: -.i. John !•' Stahl. Lee K. Au
dntws and Chartea \V. ilauivrion. iho
leaignauoaa. aocvrUiuic to 1'ivsident
McKlix>y. ar« tu the hands of Chief
llodskma. They came as a surprise to
rrt-r'.vii McKlroy. \%ho was not ad
vised concerning ihe sudden move on
i he i>art of ths tiut""tet until late to-
Heads of ths department refuse to
ta!k. at>c>ut thf resignations. On the
street n»-B!tht it was ruraotrrd that th«
i etiiv ir.ent ol the men was not volun
tary, . although suttU'ient re asons for
withdrawal from i>o!k'e work have t»een
(i\tn t>y them. All four have ranked
us ttr*t-clas» elBcer*. They have never
t«e«n under invesiiK&tlon. IVesident
Mc.Klrv>y explained th«t each man had
oCered thfc Jcason that ht> had prlv»t«
t'uametis tmerests to takd his attention,
ftahl ha* already left th« city, havlne
gene to l*ortland. Ore., where his father
died yesterday. For Stahl. it is *a.id
he intends to take chars** of his de
erased father's business*. Hamerton.
according to President McEirov. is eo
lag Into business for htmself . w hUe An
drew s and Clark are said to be inter
ested tn a mining venture together.
The rrslgnatlons mill go before the
CeaOBtata&tn Friday at their regular
meetlRX.
l*rt»Kter.t McElroy said: *The BoanS
of JVUee and Flr« Commissioners will
hold a regular meeting next Friday,
and I am toid that the resignations of
the oiScvrs will be presented at that
meeting. At that time the board wtu
consider the resignations of the offleer»
*nd ¦will take such action as Is deemed
necessary. Whether or not the cause
of the resignations will be investigat
ed by th» t»oarvi 1 do not know. I can
say nothing more at present**
Oakland Offlw San Francisco CalL
101« Uivadway. Kov. ».
— +-
Oakland Blueeoats Surprise
Commissioners by Handing
In Their Resignations
4 ,. •
POLICE QUIT
JOBS IN BODY
mrtilf. majortti*!* wen- retrtsteivd for
the ooarta of nj^peal, eiemption of
Academy of Scir-nivn from taxation,
t-xetnixiiui of JlDO valuation from taxa
tion av.A ni(!i.'i!'!::i; code ohanKea. The
\ ote nap at;ainitt ext-mi>tlot> of Khii>-
I'inK ':::: '. . \.t! l.'li and fXtellMJOU of
legthhitlve fi'saioim.
FtRurt-* on the vote In the county
ujj all candidates follow:
KUA-l^ltH.
lt^J.| »•••«.. t!» 0M»
l>emiwiatlo 4. 3}>&
S»ctali»t 4.131
J'roititiith'a , 5«I
:...:••!. rlut.lUy, 14.CS3
(\i\'am» man.
fVll T*-rm.
KnoltnA. « IS.SI
MdiXe. 1> 4.SS4
• --»- S 2.631
Kn^wland'a r'uralttr. 14 S»T.
Jl'BTli'B s l . l'K'.M ;. COURT.
l..«ri««M. K 1J.415
l*H>Uttg, 0 4.8OT
\Va!k«T, R 3.0TH
i:i»nctiard. Y itts
!»»¦¦• i . im'i'*. ixwyi
n,Ai.i.AM\ Nov. ».— OoniDlHo rc
turi^a for Alnm«1i» County awll the
):« i««!-:i. nu innJorUliti uiiil i>lui-alitl<*»
«l>uv« the unpreo«*l«-iitn<l fluure* that
w*t« InJiotiiird by j..«ru;«J r«*jMirt«.
l.\ri> K.-jrij! ,:i, nil o;iii<l)>ljtti-. K.ulli-Ial.
lr£l»latjvr> u«..l tuli.-l \ l-'ii lul. Xiiui l»-'«:ii
•-:«*. Ii-<1 H> rul..-tuiillai ttlid tn IIWHl
• *u««-» reot»rJ-l>if*KlnK voim th«* IVinti
¦ .-fcii. . :«.H-ifci'.r-ti.- aud \'iilon l^ttmr rep
r«ni.-iitaHvta» h«iv«* tH^iii vrlpod on" iha
polim-Al ::.jp Tl»r | .>>J II 1. J.U..H ttl ¦•
... :.^.-.i hi Jim it:turiui. Tht« unki* of
\ :. i<ii _> htia U-<-ji aut'h a \ i-i t'.aliU- ti«lul
i ..»<-i> that id«- t»|>i»ualtJon i.»b been left
> .b.nii a sirawr .«( nomfurt.
.i.»iitvia «\>unty in round numben
ti\t-» liit.«N>ti-lt ;..<kji plurality. U
t:iv«« Jim«-vt> H. Kiiowland. the lc.-pul»-
Mraa «\»ivsretcj:ianf Ic5«'i frutn thf Third
lM»trU-t. a ira»d **t 14.2i2 \ oif A i»v«?r H. t\
Mel'lkft. thr l»ein.»cral. Kmnxlatid'H
1'iuraiitj la iht- Third DUtrtct >» I7.4ua.
Utfi h«-avl«-fi «if nw-urd in th<- tlislrti-t,
lt»»o«r\«-lt h»t» a eli-uM nmiorita 1 o(
3">tS aver l*aikt-i and l»f U.-v. The
) •eiiKHiatu- iloUim j.iiii-i 43:t& \olc» ua
, >¦ ••!.:! Iht* :- « .r. M : ! ' r. f!l.'«IHf. Of IUL
Ju nut a f«*u x»rreinrt» th<* rta<*iaJiuls
j..iJl«»l a iMXgex \»>tc; limn the lV-mo
natf. Any duuln (hat might have ex
i-ti*it .i.- tt> thf r*»- eleotiuu of Johu
Mluhrll as Su^rvJaur from the KJfth
lMstrn-t nu quli'Kly dlni»<»llM as soon
it thr c*>nijiWe fiirures froin his dlstrlrt
\\er«- ¦ J :..i..ii.-.1 The foutlne* trtve
Mlli-hrll a vJunJlty of td over Klt»
»..elaJO. the lllilcj»flldeilt CalltHtlate.
Theit- was at no time- a Question of
«t.mt>t conivrnlng the election of any
«ther of the ]tej»ulillcan nomlnn**.
Alanseita t*ounty voted heavily In fa
\i>r of the Sait >Yaiu'lsi-o seawall bond
!»ii aot »•«! the »-i«u?tltutli>njU ainend-
Young Women Deny Crave Accusation
8TATI8 BKNATOItS.
T^lriM-nUi UUtrlot.
M.tlu.. H 2.R5S
-S.. . | ;¦¦ In lil
l\ii rtcenth lMirtrtct ¦ Mjn«iptred t«rn».)
Umpwa, n 3 "™
Millor, S ...'. 70S
.Sliiipttun'M m*Jorli>, -sol.
Hlirrnili iMalrl. I.
l.ukrns. II 0.529
]1»w. 1> .. «.«>*
Ixruon. fl. »«1
i.uhpiii." plurality. i"U
AS8EMU1.YM1CN.
Korty-slith i'U.tii.-t.
Hi r.»br».l«^ H 2.W7
J.» r \>K U l>*°»
'Mh-iiiiiUo't majority, rwrt.
Korty'SBveutb IMatrlct.
tUtM. H.. 3.|7S
IVnid D 3l8
iv»»]l. 9 j •* l>1
lUt<-»" UuniHty. 1KT1.
Furtj-eUMh lM»trlet.
\Vnl.h. R '».»»«
K-it>t»ilw l» 41H
o»b.«ru«. S <«*
oiineii. u U : 4i °
w.i-h'. plurality. 1W«.
*>>i(y-iiliiih Pli.trl.-t.
HurVe, II «•««
M!i«y. 1».-U. L. Ml
i Vdirvr^n, fl **{j
t\<iiKhltn, Uid s;w *
ivhk.1- cluratltr. 1*71.
HVtlnth IHalriet.
ltlles. ll.-l.\ I* 3.KH
KukiiiA a <**
lUian' majority. 2710.
Klfu-flrst IMatrtoC
K«i*y. » 2S - :i
: «'..fl':lrr. 1) '¦ |0
Klettker, B ' *33
J>ycy a pluraltty. 1VO.
Kitty -second I>latrtct,
Waiite. R S.3:lS
|\»»eil U. K-l> 7tl4
J'Mlbriok. 8 MT
NVa»ie'a plurality. ?37«.
BtrrER visors.
Ftmt UUtrtrt.
ll<irner. It l.MS
ltec*. H I. ISO
Hunter*- -lajorlty. 453.
Kourth IMntrict.
lluw*. U ».»W
UitTkO, 1> !>**
AiKtrwwr, d 413
Kin« «»
K ,.«.• ¦ plurality. *J>hw
KJfth IMatrtet.
Mitchell, tt S.l'ttS
mnrrruM. 1 8.«V<2
Mit'arre.n. 9 712
m»>*«. u. v n>a
Miti-lirll'a plurality, 2«M.
s«*wall «wt- Kur W.iMi a««lnat US*. M«-
Ji>rlty tor. 12.W7.
:.f!'.n • auu«UtutlonaJ amendment Niv 2, r«*
Utluc to Uio null, lai > aii.1 r»l»WI»til!ij »\ nils
i»t Ai>;>c«J— tVr K17O, a<»iuat 5i73. M».i »m>
Ai:;«ti,!iv.riil for Aoadamy of «Jol»no«»— SVr
eTld. Hfaliut 6«VkS. Majority fur. 04.
Kxeuti>ttn< t.:ui'j<int ftvm t»x»tl\«» — For
r.-'.ril. «*»in*l T'.V.. Majority <tc»ln»t. tiU«.
Uetatmg tf» lenjeth of li-*w!«tn c «?»alon*—
J'.r .'.*.•;. a«ainat tVMs Majority a««lnn. TK2.
KnlatUiK to ifimun atul ta\atU«u ¦ t\'r 6640.
against ,vm Majority for i*tn».
ICelaUnx U> exxi* uj-.u lulsarui — Kor &$73.
¦L^aiaat t^tu». Majority tor. l»s.
Will Make- Reply in Due Season
to Glass, Not Committee.
W. R. Dunn Charges They
Set Fire to Barn.
Captain J\[ance Not Ready
ALAMEDA ALL REPUBLICAN
Knowiand's Vote Greatest
Known in History.
OAKLANDER SAYS GIRLS
WERE TRYING ARSON
IGNORES LETTER ADDRESSED
TO HIM BY SENIORS.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
UATWARDS, Nov. 9. — The Board
of Free Library Trustees to-day
adopted S?tone A Smith's pi.i.Tv« and
spevlttcations for the new Carnesi*
Library. The board will receive 'bids
until Saturday. November 28. Plans
wiU be on exhibition at Haywards and
at the architect'* cfiice* ta Saa Fraa-
Adopt New library Vfattt*.
6
ADVUUTlS.uUK.Vr&
SICK HEADACHE
I % I PoiitlTelr cured by
PA DTTD 0 lhr " e little riii».
Vr/A l\ I L i\0 --'-' r«-«*« w>
mBl ITTLE CaawsSca a^ii Tw Hearty
tl 1 \ / C* D Battsg. A pertxt n.a-
y I V th «^rt?rrtetoe8S,S»39ea>
%4 PILLS. Pro^sttesa. Bad Tssfie
g| gq la tio M-«u'J5. Ci-atod
¦CTIBITfEa Tees^M. IVj la tie
IS5SS5SSS ITORJtD LIVSS. TSey
SMALL PILL SMALL COSL SMALL PfilCL
C^DTfoc] Cl'KE SICK ELUl^Olii.
GtrruE Geawns M.-si Sear
I IVER Fao^icad Signafjft
n INLLS. s? Jlr -
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IS
ALAMkDA COIJXTT
OAKIiAXD.
'1018 Broadway.
Telephone Main 108.1.
BERKEI^KY.
2S4S Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 7".
ALV.MEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
FREE FREE • FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
Your Choice of
A CLEAVER
— Or—
AN EMERY STEEL.
Both desirable articles and ca-
usaally big values.
¦ Free With Every Small Ad
ia SUNDAY CALL.
Se« Small Ad Page for Turth«r
Pirdculir^.
St. Louis
Exposition.
Grand Prize.
Highest
Possible
Award
1»»* been granted
to \
Honyadi Janos
Natural Laxative
Water.
WHY?
Because It IsBerkeley and Stanford
Sympathlers get a college lapel button
free. Brown Bros., 516-518 Market st. •
All torpidity of the liv/r, is prevented
by Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. • .
SUE FOR .DAMAGES.— W. F. Bron* and
Mercedes E. Bronjr yesterday began i -sulk
agalnrt the United Railroads for (5300 dam
aRes for Injuries Bald to have , been I sustained
in a collision of Killmorn street cars ¦ on April
30 lajst. Mrs. BronK was. thnjwn- against- an
Iron bar and suffered concussion of the brain.
Enid Brandt to Play To-Night.
• - Enid Brandt, ..the. 'wonderful .child
artist, who has achieved a national
reputation, during' her' short profes
sional career, is to make her reap
pearance', in this city;to-night at Stein
way : Hall. .. According -to,. those who
have heard the .child since , her last
appearance .in San- Francisco she has
made phenomenal v improvement - and
her playing will be a revelation to lo
cal music lovers."' ' ' ¦ • •
An Imposing gathering of former
pupils of the Immaculate Conception
Academy, Guerrero Btreet, will take
place on Sunday, November 13, at. 5
o'clock in the afternoon. - the object
being to- honor the golden jubilee of
the Immaculate Conception Dogma,
the title by which the school has
been known for . twenty-one years.
Both the sisters and pupils are. leav
ing nothing undone to make the cele
bration and reunion a great event.
: On Sunday, the' 20th, a cantata
will be • rendered at St. Anthony's
Hall, Folsom and 'Army, streets. This
is the main part of the programme
which has been planned- to add pomp
and ..solemnity., to. the golden jubilee
celebration in honor of the immacu
late queen of heaven.
Friends are, Invited to be present at
the rendition of this musical treat,
which? was the last great work of the
late ; celebrated composer, Plel. .The
solemn high mass and general com
munion of .the alumnae will take place
at St. James Churchmen Sunday, De
cember 11. A ' requiem will be of
fered- in- the -convent char>el the, pre
vious Saturday, December 10, for the
deceased members. ~ - .... .
Former . Pupils to Honor Golden Ju
! bilee of the Immaculate Con
ception Dogma.
The veteran firemen, who returned
from an extended Eastern • trip on
Tuesday, have been busy comparing
notes over an eventful trip, with pro
fuse entertainment in every city where
stops were made.
In St. Louis, Washington, Boston
and New York the hospitality extend
ed the San Franciscans was prodigal.
In each city banquets, ; tours about
town and private entertainments alter
nated with visits to the firehouses,
where equipment and drill interested
the men of the party, among whom
were practical firefighters of the city.
In discussing the relative merits of
the New York Fire Department, which
is looked upon as a paragon of excel
lence. Captain William J/ Kenealey of
Engine Company No. 14 of the San
Francisco Fire Department declares
the local department the equal of that
of Gotham in equipment, drill, dis
cipline and appearance of the men- —
especially Is it true In the personal
element of the department.
It is by such comparison that local
fl^ht-flghtinsr facilities are properly
appreciated. bV San Franciscans. AH
th* returning veterans shared Captain
Kf-nealey's estimate of the local de
partment — likewise^ in the unstinted
praise accorded the committees of vet
erans who made the Westerners wel
come In their pereglnatlons." /•
Crptaln KencalC3- Declares Local De
partment Peer of Any In the
United States.
VETERAN FIREMEN HOME
FROM EXTENDED TRIP
PREPARE TO CELEBRATE
¦ ¦ \ AT, A NOTED ACADEMY
PETITIONS IN. INSOLVENCY.— Petitions
in insolvency were filed yesterday in the
United States District Court as follows:
Jerome S. Burns, orchardist, San Jose. liabili
ties $fi502. no assets; Uyron R. Wellock. . team
ster. Eureka, liabilities $113G, assets $140.
A delightful entertainment was
given last night by Mr. and Mrs. James
S. Fennell in aid of the* furnishing
fund for the Girls' Home, which when
ready will be under the patronage of
the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society.
Among those who contributed to the
programme were Miss Lillie Byrnes,
Miss Lenor Burke, Miss Julia Sul
livan, Mrs. McGlade, Mr. and Mrs. Will
D. Shea. Stanz Riley, Eugene Sullivan.
Frank McAleer, George Clark and the
Occidental Quartet. The clergy pres
ent were: The Rev. Father Slattery,
Rev. Father Mulligan, Rev. Father P.
O'Ryan, Rev. Father Clifford, Rev.
Father Moran. Rev. Father McDonald,
Rev. Father O'Hara, Rev. Father J. R.
Cantillon, Rev. Father B. Cantillon
and Rev. Father Stokes. ; John Mul
renin acted as master of ceremonies.
Institution Under Auspices of Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society Is Gener
ously Bcnelited.
ENTERTAINMENT IS GIVEN
TO ASSIST GIRLS' HOME
It is astonishing what an advance the Jap
anese soldier has made in a few years In the
art of war. Wlien I have looked at positions
stormed by the troops of the first army and
carried succesKfully by them, I can only say
that If any man had told me a year a^o such
thlrus could have been done In the face of
modern weajions of warfare, ' I would havt
been constrained to call that man a fool.
If you had been In my position you would
have seen men rush out upon a gradual slope,
one man with a pick, feverishly digging- up a
few clods of earth until he wan shot - down.
Then another rushed up, taking his place, us
lns the first body as a shield and throwing
up more earth. When several men had died
the impromptu trench was made.
The Japanese soldier values his life not a
whit as compared with his duty, and yet at
the same time he does not throw away His
life unnecessarily. Every trick, every ruse.
The Russians are not discouraged
their reverses, according to Mr. Mc-
Kenzie, and have determined to fight
to tho end. He spoke of the bravery of
the Japanese soldiers and added:
Two men capable of relating many
interesting experiences had in. the Far
East arrived yesterday on the steam
ship Manchuria. They are F. A. Mc-
Kenzie, correspondent of the London
Daily Mail, who has been with the
Japanese army, and Captain Alexan
der Kirkwood, who commanded the
steamship Mlneola that was wrecked
last August on the coast of > Kam
chatka.
Mr. McKenzie Is on his way to Lon
don and, unlike most of the returning
scribes who have seen service in the
"thick o' the battle," he does not com
plain of the severity of the Japanese
censorship or of the restrictions that
the Japanese officials placed upon the
seeker for news.
Mr. McKenzie thinks that he had
every reasonable opportunity to ob
tain news of the- battles, but he says
that the Japanese officials were not
versed in the requirements of modern
newspapers and often overlooked mat
ters of Importance that they had no
intention of "holding out" on the news
paper men.
For twenty-four days the crew lived
with the natives on the bleak northern
shores. They, were finally rescued by
the British -cruiser Algerine and taken
to Hakodate, f'om which port they
were transferred . to Yokohama, where
they procured passage on the Man
churia for home.-
Mr. McKenzie cannot speak confi
dently of the future. The Japanese, he
says, are showing greater financial
stability than was expected and they
have plans in contemplation which will
doubtless provide' funds for next year's
campaign. In February they should
have half a million men In the field
with plenty of money to buy food for
them. At the same\time the Russians
are steadily strengthening themselves.
They have awakened to the serious
ness, of the war. They know what a
permanent defeat means for them in
Asia. It Is very possible that next
year they may successfully Invade
Northern Korea and threaten the south
of the present Japanese position.
Captain Alexander Kirkwood and
crew of the steamship Mlneola, wreck
ed August 5 on , the coast of j Kam
chatka, were glad to get back to San
Francisco. The vessel, went ashore on
an uncharted reef near Tigel bar and
stuck hard and fast, as she was draw-j
ing- twenty-two .feet. .of water at the
time. After a futile effort to get the
vessel off< she was abandoned by her
captain and crew and they reached the
shore in the small boats. The vessel
afterward broke up and became a
total loss. ¦ ¦ -
every bluff that you can imagine he will adopt
ta deceive the. enemy.
Yet the Russian soldier has in his way qual
ities quite aa remarkable. At the outset the
Russians. despised their, enemy. . They were not
prepared for the war, and how unprepared the
world does not know. They treated, the Jap
anese as a puny dwarf to be stamped out with
Impunity, and the Russians have had a rude
awakening. But the Russian, In spite of de
feat following defeat. Is still full of fight.
After each lost battle he fights more obsti
nately than ever. I have seen Russian troops,
In defiance of orders, stand and die opposing
a vastly superior column of the foe.
CORRESPONDENT OF LONDON MAIL AND LOCAL SEA CAPTAIN. WHO RE
TURNED YESTERDAY ON THE MANCHURIA FROM THE ORIENT, EACH
BRINGING STORY OF ADVENTUR E ON WESTERN SHORES OF PACIFIC.
Mr. Morse was a relative by mar
riage of President William McKinley.
i The'' honorary pall bearers . are re
quested to meet at the undertaking
rooms, 319 O'Farrell street, at 1 p. m.
Services will be held at the crematory.
The funeral of George E. Morse, for
almost eight years a clerk in the
United States District Court, will take
place from the undertaking office of
A. W. Martin & Co. to-morrow after
noon at 2 o'clock. The body will be
cremated at the Odd Fellows' Cre
matory. .
The following will act as pall
bearers: Judge J. J. de Haven, Judge
W. W. Morrow. United States Com
missioner E. H. Heacock, United States
Commissioner James S. Manley, Unit
ed States Marshal John M. Shine,
United States Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth, Congressman-elect Dun
can McKlnlay, Southard Hoffman,
Frank Monckton. John D. Spreckel*.
W. F. Herrln. Clement W. Bennett,
Thomas Denlgan, Charles H. Wilson,
Leigh Larzelere ' and Charles O. Scott.
Many Friends to Take I^eave of Popu
lar and Beloved Federal Offi
cial.
WILL. ATTEND FUXERALi
OF GEORGE E. MORSE
. Company C is one of the largest and
most popular cadet companies in the
city. The members are recruited from
St. Joseph's and St. Patrick's parishes
and meets at,the headquarters of the
league. The company is in command
of Captain P. J. Gallagher. The pro
ceeds will be devoted to the uniform
fund.
Company C, League of the Cross
Cadets, will give its annual entertain
ment this evening, in Native Sons'
Hall. A programme of exceptional
merit has been arranged and an ex
cellent orchestra engaged. A special
feature will be a grand exhibition of
farcy Irish dances, under the direction
of John J. O'Connor. The best ama
teur talent in the city will assist.
COMMANDER OF COMPANY C, |
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS. WHICH
WILL, ENTERTAIN TO-NIGHT.
At that moment a car passed and
the fugitive sprang aboard it and thus
disappeared from his pursuers, who,
by that time, numbered a score of
armed men. He rode a half mile and
then caught a car on another line. On
the seat he had occupied the carmen
found a large pool of blood.
Every available officer was rushed
to the scene and a thorough search was
made for the wounded man, but he
has not yet been captured. Every
physician in the city has been notified
of the case and if the man applies for
medical treatment he is practically cer
tain to be arrested.
On the street near the place he met
Miss Lena Johnson, who was riding a
bicycle. Seizing the wheel he tried to
wrest it from the young woman's
grasp, but she struggled with him and
held the wheel. As other men were
approaching, the fugitive left her and
continued to run. Her clothing was
covered with his blood, showing that
he had been badly wounded.
Two blocks away the burglar ran
against G. W. McDonald, a well known
citizen, who was also on a bicycle.
Covering McDonald with his revolver
the man ordered 4 him to dismount, but
McDonald, even when threatened with
death, refused to give up his wheel.
The man tried to force it from him,
but was too weak.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9.— On the
front porch of the residence of E. L.
Doheny, in Chester place, the most pa
latial private residence in the city, oc
curred to-night a most sensational re
volver duel.
Detecting a man supposed to be a
professional porch-climber in the act of
trying to break into the house J. S.
Hendrickson, a special policeman, ap
proached for the purpose of investigat
ing the man's action, and as he reached
out to grab the intruder the burglar
opened fire at a distance of less than
three feet. r ? :v^ ' ~
The first bullet passed through the
officer's coat, struck a card case and
was deflected. A second shot struck
him on the point of the elbow and chip
ped off a small piece of the bone. Then
riendrickson got his own revolver into
action and his first shot struck the
thief in the region of the abdomen and
caused him to reel and fall down the
porch stairs, but he quickly regained
his feet, crossed the lawn and at the
street line turned and fired again at
the officer, but missed him. Hendrick
son returned the fire and again the
man fell, but rising before the officer
reached him, he started to run. He
was closely pursued and kept shooting
as long as there was a load in his gun,
and then reloaded as he ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mr. Bennett's facial expression was
a study in bewilderment as he shuffled
bsck to the cage.
"Conceded. But you are not charged
with vagrancy. The policeman has
sworn that you were drunk and dis
orderly and annoying churchgoers-
Those offenses are not condoned by the
appearance of your hands. Like many
other men who have stood where you
row stand, Mr. Bennett, you appar
ently labor under the delusion that In
dustrlousness should offset any crime
on the statute books. The fact that you
work for a livelihood does not wipe out,
or even mitigate, the offenses of which
you virtually acknowledge guilt. I'll
sentence you to-morrow."
"They certainly do look toilworn,"
said the Judge, "but I fail to see how
their condition can be made to cut any
figure In this case." ;
"They ehow that I ain't a vag," said
the defendant.
Alexander Bennett, who was arrested
for drunkenness and disorderly conduct
at Montgomery avenue and Vallejo
street last Sunday morning, smiled con
fidently as he stretched forth a pair of
gnarled and horny hands to Judge Mo
gan and asked him to Inspect them.
"If them ain't the hands of a work
ingman, I'd like to 'know what they
are." Mr. Bennett remarked.
John McGee and Rudolph Muller first
met at a water front polling place and
voted the same ticket. After perform
ing that function of citizenship they
adjourned to a tightly locked saloon in
which not a drop of liquor could be
procured for either love or money, and
there they cemented their - new-made
friendship and became so mutually at
tached that in the breakaway John
acquired a pair of spectacles, two to
ba.cco pipes and a change of socks and
Rudolf lost exactly the same property.
The charge against John before Judge
Mogan .was petty larceny, but Rudolf
reported\ that he had recovered his be
longings ar.d would respectfully decline
to prosecute. Case dismissed.
Willlam Diedrlch, arrested in China
town for disorderly conduct, confessed
that he was a slave of opium and had
smoked so many pipefulis of the pre
pared drug last Tuesday that he saw
things that had no material existence
and fled from imaginary pursuers.
That's how he came to be scantily
clothed and terror-stricken when a po
liceman captured him.
"I'm a poor unfortunate," he whined,
as he stood before Judge Mogan, "and
you ci/nnot punish me any more than
I'm punishing myself."
"I bdieve that," said the Judge. "Go
back to Chinatown and stay there."
"Election. He's a very old and dear
friend of mine, and when the intelli
gence of his triumph was announced—"
Mr. McCauley was sent back to the
cells to read the morning newspapers
and Incidentally acquire complete so-
Thomas McCauley, whose sobriquet
of "Beacon Light" apparently was
founded upon the perennial crimson of
his nasal organ, smiled affably at
Judge Morgan and asked how the elec
tion returns suited him. Ignoring the
query, his Honor expressed desire to
know what Mr. McCauley meant by
disturbing the nocturnal peace of Com
mercial street, between Montgomery
and Kearny. by wildly screeching.
"My screeches, as you are pleased to
term what really were exultant cheers,"
said the defendant, "were inspired by
the news of Judge Parker's election."
"Judge Parker's what!"
Clarence Johnson, 23 years of age, in
sisted that he be convicted of vagrancy
just to humiliate his respectable and
indulgent parents, but Judge Cabaniss
declined to pamper the youth's whim
and roundly scored him for his unfilial
malice. Patrolmen McGrane and David
testified that the young man informed
them he was a vagrant and asked that
they arrest and so charge him, but
after complying with his request they
ascertained that his ulterior motive was
to bring sorrow upon his father and
mother, with whom he had quarreled.
Joseph Hennessey, also accused of;
carrying a concealed weapon, was so
tall that he looked like a half shut
jackknife as he bent over the bench
of Department No. 1 and informed its
occupant that his conviction would be
an inexcusable perversion of justice,
because he did not know the weapon
was in his pocket until a policeman
fished it out. His case was continued
until his character has been inquired
into, and as he straightened up his
form to retire from the presence a
chandelier narrowly escaped demolition
by his head.
Henry J. Rogers, in whose possession
was a fully loaded revolver when he
was arrested on Pacific street for
drunkenness, pleaded that he recently
arrived from Humboldt County, where
pistol carrying is not regarded as a
law fracture, and has not yet entirely
adjusted his personal habits to con
form with his new environment. He
was fined J5 and advised to return to
the redwoods.
Louis Kirschbaum, who caused the
arrest of Griffith Wells on the charge
of Illegally voting at Sacramento and
Leidesdorff street, declined to sweat
to a formal complaint, and an attorney
for the Merchants' Association has
decided to have the case more thor
oughly investigated.
Kirschbaum declared that Wells had
no right to vote from 641 Commercial
street, as he did not reside there, but
Charles Schener testified' that Wells
has lived there for the last eighteen
months a:fd was duly qualified to vote
as he did. Kirschbaum then acknowl
edged that it was on hearsay he caused
the arrest to be made. Wells is a waiter
at the Helping Hand Mission and has
a good character.
walked out with it, followed by his
chums. The trio was hastening ferry
ward when Patrolmen Culllnan, Dretel
and Nolan, who had been notified by
the bartender, overtook and arrested
all three and recovered their plumder.
When the case was cailed before
Judge Cabaniss the attorney for the
defense threw his clients upon the
mercy of the court and pleaded that
their alleged theft was simply a col
legians' lark. His Honor asked the
youths what they Intended to do with
the machine, and they answered with
single voice that their purpose was
to return it to the saloon after the
mixologist had been sufficiently scared
by its protracted absence. Then the
court dismissed them.
AWPORD.
BYJ. C. CR
Of the many sad faces that passed
la Irregular procession yesterday morn
ing before the bench of Police Judge
Mogan there was not one more reflect
ive of depression of spirit than was the
countenance of Miss Aileene Hill, ac
cused of stealing a diamond ring from
Romeo Hale, a would-be wooer, and
presenting it to Tornaso Felepedas, her
preferred suitor, as a love token. The
woman seemed to fe*;l that she was
doubly lost, for Romeo resolutely swore
she stole the bauble and Tomaso as
severated he had never seen it.
It was at the defendant's residence
iu the 800 block of Howard street the
alleged robbery occurred. Romeo called
there with a male friend one night last
week and Aileene entenained them so
charmingly with beer and pretzels
and small talk that Romeo's friend
confessed reluctance to tear himself
away, although he realized three were
a. crowd. After his departure Aileene
continued to amuse Romeo with artless
prattle, punctuated with beer at proper
intervals, until the fatigue engendered
by a clay's manual toil, combined with
indulgence in malt liquor, gradually
dulled his senses to complete oblivion.
"When he awoke Aileene was still talk
ing, but a diamond . ring, valued at 550,
was no longer on his left sma.ll finger.
When he requested her to produce the
jewel, as he desired to so home, she
waxed indignant. Then he went forth
and caused her arrest.
The policeman in the case testified
that Aileene confessed to him she took
ihe ring and grave it to Tomaso while
Romeo slept. Taken before Tomaso
she reiterated that statement, but he
omphaticaily pronounced it untrue so
far as he was concerned. Aileene was
nore staggered by Tomaso's denial, the
<jf»lcer said, than by her arrest. She
cast herself upon her knees, clasped
her hands and beseeched him to pro
duce the ring and save her from prison,
but he could not be shaken by her im
ploration.
That is how the case stand?. Alleene's
attorney asserts the ring is a myth,
and darkly insinuates that the allega
tion of theft is a malicious effort on
lomeo's part to avenge himself on the
voman who prefers another's atten
innf to his own. Tomaso's attorney
r.Eists on dismissal of his client, who,
;ven if he did accept the ring as al
fged by Aileene, cannot be held as an
Lccpmplice in the theft. Romeo's at
t.rney assumes ability to prove not
only that the ring was a reality, but
also that Romeo purchased and wore
It- Ju'Igre Mojran will hear more about
the case to-morrow.
Three Berkeley students. John Stew
art of Chicago. Frank Rodgers of New
York and Barton Drake of l»s Angeles,
came to the city night before last to
participate in whatever election ex
ciiement might be\xtant, and while
priming up for the occasion they
dropped into & -saloon at Market and
Powell streets, where Master Drake
played a nickel-in-the-slot machine
until the instrument's repeated failure
t.r yield desired returns angered him to
such an extent that he picked it up and
Covered With Blood, He
Makes Way Through City
and Eludes His Pursuers
FIGHTS AS HE RUNS
Alleged Recipient of Love
Token, However, Is Positive
in Denial of Story.
A Policeman aricV a Burglar
in Los Angeles Exchange
Shots, but Latter Escapes
Correspondent Talks of Battles, While
Skipper Spins a Sea Yarn.
PISTOL DUEL
WITH A THIEF
WOMAN STEALS DIAMOND RING
AND AVERS HER BEAU GOT IT
BOTH HAVE TALES TO TELL
."HE SAN FRANCISCO CALi;, : THURSDAY,. NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS CADETS
TO GIVE SHOW
7
ADVKItTlSEMEXTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL,. '
l-Tesjr IVople Know How Useful It Is in I
Pr^-scrvlnc Health and Beauty. ;
Nearly everybody knov.-s that char- j
cral is the safest and most efficient j
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value when taken Into
ihe human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more j
;ou»take of it the better; it is not ai
drug at all, but simply absorbs the j
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the. breath after
smoking,' drinking or after eating 1 !
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
tn th and further acts as a natural and
eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious pases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; ft
disinfects ihe mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
willow charcoal and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting
lozenges, the charcoal being mixed
with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell In a much Improved condi-
tion of the g-eneral health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beautv of it is that no
possible harm can result from their /
continued use. but on the contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physir «->*!. in speaking; of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering: from gas in stomach
and bowel?, and to clear the com-
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
and throat; I also believe the liver is
srr<?atly benefited by the daily use of
them: they cost but twenty-five cents
n box at drug stores, and. although
It, some sense a patent preparation, yet
I believe I get more and better char-
oonl in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges
than in an- of the ordinary charcoal
taMeta."
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
$£16SEUg OF flHflTQBY$
V S) i££g<£ZK'ar.ttt.s:fct7&, sT.cc a
\ ty Tbe L»rc'M AMtMiiul Mweuin in thr \
O . —^Vw World w>»Jir.es>e» or tmf il— mil A
is VXi tvi <!•>-«»« |»»lti»«-l7 rarrd | )y the oluett V
O .'• ¦ J)\ W>e"»'i»: •* the Ce«v Ett j* yettv Q
0 'i"^£u Ca# J3RDAS-D'5EASE3 OF KEN A
1 t'vX?)'1 Coimilttuca free «nd ftrl'tly t«f'v»te. \
0 I' 1 iV'XU I r ""™*^ p^-oml.v oc fc, Icimk, Art
\ p Tf \i H Pontvtt Cmr* in :»ery e»jr indrrulrcn. T
/) £' <\ If w mr for T">ck. PBII.CnartlV «f A
V ¦ ,1 j 1 * BIBHIAGK, V.MLEO I-ittE. ( A V
A iX £. »«iu»bl« bocc (or DM-n) \
V f}«. JOCDA.N A«O.. 1CS1 ifnrkrtSL.S. P. Q
carters! c ? ure sick headache -
EgpnTiE Gsnuine Must Bear
jl IVER Fac-Simile Sienaluro
§Dr. Gibbon^s Dispensary,
( O-9 KIIAltM' ST. r.*tnb!lsh«l
\in IH34 iur uip tri-atni> nt id frirat*
7 !ji.-i»-»tsi-N, JaixI Mmiloo(1. DfUiltjrdr
brtiKfaff" wenriniT'ni Ixtdjraml ruin-! and
MHlcin Dim-n'^-s. T!ip Doctor nir^s wti»-ii
Mothers fail. J ry him ilwi'isbm.
2« 'nrrn c«a>':>»l *«•«!. ('.ill or wrlle.
«I uuos ;, »au Frar^aco. Cai.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
S33 MARKET ST.. OPP. UASO.V.
FINE LEATHER VI0LI1V CASES.
' OCEAN TRAVKL
e Steamers leave Broadway
wbarvrs (pier* 9 and 11).
gaa Francisco:
For K>tchikan. Wraa«»!,
Juru-au. Treadwclla. UaJnes.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska/— It
a. m.. Nov. 1. 8. 11. 18. 21.
2C, r>«c. 1. Chance to this
company's steamers at Seat-
Kor vicuna, Vancouver. Port Townaead.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. South Be!lin«ham.
Belunzham— 11 a. m.. Nov. I. 0. 11, la. 31.
20. Dec. 1. Charge at Seattle to thla com-
pany's steamers (or Alaska and C. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to X. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. V.y.
For F.nreks (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:3©
p. m.. Nov. «t, 12. 1"». 24, 30. Dec. 8. Corona.
1:30 p. nv, Ncv. 3, 9. 13. 21. 27. Dec 3.
For Lc» Anseiea (via Port Lo« Angela* aad
Bedondo). San D!«co and Santa Barbara— •
Santa How. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For I^os Angrles (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. lino.
tcr-y, Shu Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford (3*o
Luis Obisjio). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. » a. m.. Nov. 7. 13. 23. Dec 1.
Too« Pay. » »• m-. Vtn. 3. U. 19. 27. r>c 5.
For Enienada. Macdaleoa Bay. San Jose del
C«bo. Mmatlnn. Altata. La Paz. Sant.t Ro-
sal!a. Gtiayman <M**.). JO a. m.. 7th each zoo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
It r*serv»rl to change »tmm<-r» or salltne dates.
T1CH3JT OTTXCXS — 4 Mew Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. Treizfct OSes 10 Market at.
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Ae«ns.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sntt«r «t.. will
call for and check barrajre from hotala aa4
re*ld*ncea. Telephone Exchange 312.
¦;¦' AMJ3EICAH UT5TE.
FlyrnoutJi — Cherbourar — Soutliainirton.
New York Nov. 191 Philadelphia ...D«c II
St Paul Nor. 281 St. Lnals ..Deo. 10
3Jew Tork — Iiondon Direct.
Mnmnee.Nov. 10. J»m!M«»»ba, Dec 3. 10 aa
Mntka.Nov.26.-7:3O am- Mlnneha»Dac NX Sans
soncnrxosr i»i.bb.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea pa*«a*r%
Eouthwark Nov. 19 Canada... Deo. 1&
BSD STAS XdQnB.
Ne-w York — Antwerp— Xiondon — Tnxl*.
Calling at Dover for London and Parla.
Vaderland .Nov. 191 Finland Dec 1*
- Kroonland Nov. 26 Zeeland Dec It
WIUT1! STAS T.I w xi.
Now York — QneoiRtowa — Uvervool.
Oceanic. Nov. 16, noon I Baltic. Nov. 30. 11am
MaJestle.Nov.23. 10 am' Cedrlc.Dec 7. 5:30 ana
Beaton — Qn««x«tQirn — XiwpooL
Cynvlc \r" November IT
jrEW TOOK AND BOWTOB' DXSSCS
To the Medlterraaaan.
Via Azores, orbraltax. zraplM. Oeno*, j
Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
REPTUVLIC V*c. 1. Jan. 14. J*»K 29
CKM FROM BOSTON.
piVOPlf Nov. 19, Jan. T, T*b. IS
ROMANIC Dee- 10. Jan. 28. March U
C i> TAYLOR, Passenger A*ent Pacific Co*at»
' 21 Post st.. San Francisco.
a S SIKP-TIA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, if or 10. 2 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Not. 19. 11 am.
B FM4RIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nor. 28. 11 a, m.
I p.EPECKEL5kB2D5. CO., Azt3.,TlCl3tO3a 643 Ur-
iel rrjiiii CSC3 329 Maim si, Pier 7, Pacils 3l
COHPAa* (2 C-SilE?.\L2 T3A!I3ATLlSri(J3J.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRK-PARI3 rom*
Safllnc every Thursday Instead of *»JEg*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier r* -¦¦*.¦¦
42 North River, foot of Morton st. ' _
y First class td Havre. «7O and upwart. 8*©.
r^ffa^ct^dR^Ni^^lTAiks 0^
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hud»on building).
Sew York. J. F. FVOAZI A Co.
ArenU. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franctoeo.
Tlrk"ts »old by all Railroad Ticket Acenta.
Per V. S. Kavy Tard and Tallajo.
Strs. G«neral Frlsbie. Montlcello and Arrow.
9-45 a.m..! 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m., 3:30 p.
m ' Leave San Francisco Sunday* 9:45 a.m.,
12-30 p.m., tt P-m.. 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo, 1
a.m.. 9 a.m., 12:30p.m.. 8:13 p.m.. 8 p.m. 3ut».
days. 7 a.m- 9 a.m.. S:2O p.m.. « p.m. ¦ Plw X
ftlU>aiaast.:j>hOB«Malalfi06. HATCS BRO|
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Is quite a good picture of Mlstf
Kate Erhardt. who lives at 61S Tig ave-
nue, Santa Barbara, Cal. Miss Erhardt
had suffered for years with distressing
asthma. It is needless to describe
asthma to the unfortunates who suffer
from this awful disease. All suffeiera
from asthma realize what it means .to
smother and cough and fight for breath
as th« majority of these sufferers hava
to do when a bad paroxysm of asthma
comes on. Miss Erhaxdt suffered from
the worst form of asthma for years,
was taking all kinds of medical treat-
ment, which did her no good. She came
to the Elactro-Chemic Institute. 118
Grant avenue, San Francisco, and took
just six weeks' treatment. -.. In that time
she was thoroughly cured of her asthma
and has now returned to her home in
Santa Barbara thoroughly and perma-
nently cured. Such cures as this is con-
stantly adding additional proof that th©
Electro-Chemic treatment does euro
diseases which In the past have been in-
curable under the ordinary medical
treatment used for them. Any one is at
liberty to write Miss Erhardt and she
will be only too glad to substantiate this
statement in every particular. Such
cures as this explain why the Electro-
Chemic practice is now the largest spe-
cial practice on the Pacific Coast. It ex-
plains why other physicians with a few
electrical instruments are trying to imi-
tate Electro-Chemistry. Such cures
should make it plain to all sufferers it
they desire an absolutely reliable treat-
ment they should try to go to the orig-
inal institution, the Electro-Chemic In-
stitute, which is meeting with such un-
qualified success. The specialists of the
Electro-Chemic Institute invite all suf-
ferers to call for free consultation. . ex-
amination and advice. The afflicted
should remember that the Electro-
Chemic practice is the most successful
treatment known for the cure of Ca-
tarrh. Consumption. Asthma. Bronchitis^
Deafness, Ringing Ears. Rheumatism.
Paralysis. Locomotor Ataxia. Neuralgia.
Cancers. Tumors. Old Sores, Eczema.
Dyspepsia, Liver Trouble. Kidney and
Bladder troubles. Bright's Disease.
Piles. Fistula. Constipation. Headaches.
Dizziness. Insomnia, Epilepsy. Stricture,
Prostatitis. Female Irregularities, Mis-
placements, Ovaritis. Pain In Back,
etc. The Electro-Chemic Institute is
centrally located at 118 Grant ave-
nue, corner cf Post street. San Fran-
cisco. There are private apartments
set aside for ladies and gentlemen, and
the office hours are daily from 9 in th«
morning until 5 In the afternoon, and 7
to 8 at night, , and Sundays from 10 In
the mnrnlnjj until 1 In. the afternoon.
The Electro-Chemic treatment is abso-
lutely painless. Small children and
even babies are now taking it without
the least complaint. It is the most won-
derful treatment known for shattered
nerves, and in those .bad cases where
the physical strength is all gone the pa-
tient Is built up and made stronger and
thoroughly cured so quickly that it is
almost impossible to realize the change
in the sufferer. All are welcome, but no
incurable cases are accepted.
REGAL _SHQES 1
il lHH npHE ordinary $3.50 shoe S j
i iilii * s ver y °ft er i nothing but Y
I PS\ bait used by a dealer to catch \
ft i|§||§\ customers for his high-priced /
I JS^ti stock. You are invited in to / j
I l°° k at $ 3 - 50 shoes and then I
JlriBi% greeted with "Here is some- \
/ AMm^SMw better at ? 5 '°° or $ 6 - 00 -" ;
1/ W-* When you go into a Regal store \ I
I > ' JPPiirail^fi t^' to sce our $3.50 shoe, you are in- *L
h Ml'^^^^^. vited to see the very best shoes J
l\ iSPiiti^OTA that can be madc - The y arc not **
II Iflll^HBiH the "seconds'* of a $6.00 shce fac-
51 lSi^^8^i*_ tor y- but the mastcr Product of a
II 1 Xmr. IP^^'^S^^' fa ctor y whose wo; k equals that of
11 1 \i$i If iP* 1^ ; "vWi t * ie $&-°0 concern in every
11 I iilliiiiik detail of shoe excellence.
I! vl Ii^?»^£i\ ot even t * ie custom
V maker can give you a shoe
tt : r^^^^»^^^. su P erior m any wa y to
1 >lioiijil rhe uj & iei s h "
\ wiHi ?§» HI Hfl? F ro rn sole to :op. the finest Itn-
l\ # \t^ts|i5 j^»^r'*"q^ ported Enamel Leather. Lined
|\| y^^^^^^^^^^^'l throu S hout with li S ht calfskin.
I IL Yp%H!fe i«ral« / Las: veiy graceful and especially
¦MJayj^ 'tS§P"t7 effective at arch, instep and toe,
1^ ct \:fPii& %^t- which is high and moderately nar-
1111 B% /^?l^iSSfc il*W 7 row. A very striking London cus-
VH" II * %^^^^P^^-/ torn =l y le insuring the coveted ap-
rtnW^wl- T^tililil&li^" pearance of slcndcrness without in
\^»«*»Hfe' any v/ay sacrificing comfort. Made
Tm in quarter sizes, insuring perfect fit. *>-
ft Send for Style BooU. Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
» fa Sold direct from tannery to consumer. The largest r«tail «hoa business la
E& the world. 80 stores In principal clut*. from London to San Francisco
MEWS STORE CAW PTJAMHQrn . WflMEHTJ 8TOBE
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. oAN rKAMlotu * Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
. . ' OnViand Store, ioio Broadway. '¦'¦' .When John Weakley, a farmer, took
the train at North Vineland. N. J., the
While drinking beer a coachman
named Fisher, employed by Compton
Rickett, M. P., swallowed a wasp and
died as the result of being stung in
the throat. .-.-. ,
other day he forgot a package and left
It lying on the platform- When he re
turned at night he found his dog
guarding it. The animal had kept vigil
ell day and late into the night and no
one dared to molest the goods.
Tight lacing during excessive heat
For the first time since It was erect
ed, thirty-eight years ago, the Union
Church at Big Cranberry Island. Me..
was the scene of a wedding recently.
And even then the contracting young
people were from Massachusetts,
though the Island was the girlhood
home of the bride.
accelerated brain paralysis and caused
the death of a young woman, Jane
Anderson, aged 22, of Liverpool. She
was out walking with her sweetheart
when she suddenly became ill, suffered
excruciating pain in the head and fell
down unconscious- She died a few
hours later.
ODD BITS CULLED FROM THE NEWS
ABOUT THE SAMS THING.
Customer— Got airy »our pickles ?
Grocer 1 — N.o.
Customer — Got any lemons?
Grocer— No.
Customer— Then give me half a dozen
of those oranges.
Mrs. Hearsit — My husband talked in
his sleep and I stayed awake trying to
hear what he was saying.
Mrs. Hearsit — I didn't sleep a bit last
night. ?.->. 7; ;;-.¦.
Mrs. Saysit — Why not?
THERE ARE OTHERS.
Tommy— Mamma, wha't is an angel?
Mamma— An angel flies.
Tommy— I heard papa call nurse an
angel last night.
Mamma— Yes, and she's going to fly
too.
SHE WAS OX.
THE VERY THING.
Ruyters Kramp — Can't you get your
Bister to come over and play the piano
for a while? ; -.J/^
Mrs. Kramp — But it would annoy you
while you were writing.
Ruyters Kramp — That's all right.
I've got to . get out the scenario of a
tragedy, and I want something to make
me savage.
"Buffalo Bill" Cody found time the
other day to call attention to the
friendliness existing between the Cos
sack and the Japanese detachments
which form part of his aggregation of
horsemen, of all nations. It Is so re
markable, he said, that he asked the
Cossacks about it. "Oh," they replied,
according to Colonel Cody, "we don't
like the Czar. We have to fight for
him at home — there Is nothing else to
do. He took our country just the same
as he Is trying to take Japan." To
this the colonel added on his own au
thority: "I wouldn't wonder if that's
what's the matter with Russia."
Doubtless — one of the matters. — Phila
delphia North American.
Shall the women of South Carolina
ride on side-saddles or ride like men?
We prefer the side-saddle, and we
should not be Inclined to change our
preference simply because some fe
males outside of the South prefer to
adept the other way. We trust that
The Standard Oil Company has again
replied to the strictures of Mr. Law
son by marking down the price of
"headlight refined" one-half cent on
the gallon. Mr. Lawson will now have
a harder time than ever in proving
that the Standard Oil Company has
no heart. — Chicago Inter Ocean.
"Reformer," In a letter to the Herald,
refers to the "refreshing spectacle" of
a polite conductor whom he encoun
tered on a New York street railway
car.. A diligent search of the Herald's
mail fails to discover a letter from a
conductor mentioning the discovery of
a polite passenger- Perhaps there are
none. — New York Herald.
there will be a full and free discussion
of this question. It touches one of
the customs of good society, and all
lovers of the true, the beautiful, and
the good ought to aid In its proper
solution. — Charleston (S. C.) News and
Courier. . ; :
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
THE promptness and efficiency of the bulletin service which gave
to eager thousands the first and the most complete returns of
the election on Tuesday afternoon and evening gives The Call
cause for pardonable pride. It was through specially arranged
channels that the news of Roosevelt's election came to The Call of
fice at 3 :5O p. m. — the first authentic statement of the result of the
national election to appear upon a bulletin board in the city.
Shortly after 6 o'clock The Call announced the election of Hayes and
Kahn. again leading in giving the news to the people. Within an
hour the successful candidates in the local judiciary fight were
posted, and thus, until midnight brought final returns from East and
West, the promptness of the bulletin announcements was continued.
In making arrangements to meet the emergencies of election
The Call spared no effort in organization nor halted at expense. ' For
the local returns special wires from the office of- the Registrar con
veyed the reports of the paper's special reporters there watching the
count. For procuring with such dispatch and accuracy the Eastern
reports The Call has to make acknowledgment to the Western
Union Telegraph Company, which, by special arrangement with the
paper, transmitted all the difficult maze of figures from the hundreds
of points of political activity direct to our office without error.
FIRST WITH THE RETURNS.
Those days are over. Life has shed
Its Attic salt, its, vernal sap
(As all will gather who have read
Me on the "Marriage Handicap") ;
And, therefore, when to wife and home
I hear a husband murmur -vale-
I know Just why. he wants to roam;
I sympathize with poor "Bill Bailey!"
—Punch.
When I return, at four or so,
Engrossed with duty's strenuous
grind,
I wish to bandy Jeux-de-mots
In converse with a kindred mind;
Hit by a slump in "Dover A,"
A wild canard, a wanton rumor,
I'd like to wash my cares away
With Jets of 8wif t responsive humor.
Oh, salon days! Oh, golden times.
When wit would wed with femmes
d'esprlt
And armed with neat impromptu
rhymes
Always came home to repartee;
When women sat by humor's throne,
And, all alert to wrest his laurels.
In each department held their own,
Even including that of morals.
Could woman grasp the views of men
Upon the role of perfect wife.
What hopes a husband nurses when
He launches out on married life,;
She might contrive to get her brain
Equipped with intellectual tackle.
And spare her lord the constant strain
Of driveling, frivoling, henroost cackle.
Her damnably expensive taste
In frills and feathers, fronts and
toques,
Could, by a sacrifice, be faced
Had she the sense to see my Jokes;
But as for any answering sign
When I throw oft a scintillation.
I might be casting pearls to swine—
They'd show as much appreciation.
(In these lines, which do not neces
sarily reflect his own views, the author
ventures to assume the attitude of a
certain correspondent to the London
Times, who, in a recent letter under
the above heading, passed some severe
strictures upon the modern wife. His
diatribe included the following re
marks: . "The vapid insipidities, the
idle tittle-tattle that too often do duty
for conversation disgust, if they do not
bore, the man whose business life is
something more serious than a round
of frivol and drivel. The clever man
may no more make a clever remark
than the cricketer- may bowl right
handed to the lady cricketers. Oh, for
an hour of the ancient salons!")
'Tls not her love of gaudy gear.
Her hopeless vanity of heart.
Her passion, vulgar but sincere,
To earn the epithet of "smart";
These foibles — fatuous, I admit —
Might pass as relatively venial,
If only in the. sphere of wit
She proved a shade less uncongenial.
NATIONAL DEBT— T. H.. Oakland,
Cal. The national debt of France is
$5,800,691,814. The war debt of tha
Franco-Prussian war which France
had to pay was five milliard francs,
one milliard Dald in 1ST1 and the bal
ance within three years. -.>-
UNITED STATES COINS— F. C.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic flre-«tched boxes. 715 Market St.*
Genuine eyeglasses. 20c to SOo (try
me). 79 4th (front oyster restaurant). •
"The Growing Handi
cap of Marriage."
STEAM RAILROAD— P. H., City.
This department Is not aware that if
a steam railroad is granted permission
to enter the City and County of San
Francisco it has to pay the South
ern Pacific Railroad anything for that
privilege.
EXCAVATION-— M. W., City. Tha
law of this State says that "each co
terminous owner is entitled to the
lateral support and subjacent support
hia land receives from tha adjoining
land, subject to the right of tha owner
of the adjoining land to make proper
and usual excavation on the same for
purpose of construction on using ordin
ary care and skill and taking reason
able precautions to sustain the land of
the other and giving reasonable notice
to the other of his intention to make
such excavation." #
HORSE— A.. City. The generic term
is horse: the young male Is called colt;
female, filly. Toung porkers of both
sexes are called pig, hog or swine; an
old male a boar and the old female a
sow.
Commends The Call's Enterprise.
(FROM THE PACIFIC WINE AND SPIRIT REVIEW.)
The daily papers notwithstanding all their parade of alleged interest In
the welfare of the State, and consequently, in all its industries, large or
small, constitute a cheap lot, and the proof of this assertion is to be
found in their own columns. The victories of California at the "World's Fair
are certainly news of the greatest Interest to the entire State, but, never
j theless, there was only one daily paper that published the awards, not
withstanding our exhibits won unexampled distinction at the exposition.
Here is the explanation of this remarkable fact: The Call had the enter
prise to send a special representative to the fair, while the other fat dailies
depended on the Associated Press for news. As a consequence, the Call
on the 20th InBtant published, exclusively, the grand list of prizes won by
this State, in a contest against the world. This was vital news, but because
they were "scooped" none of the other papers deigned to mention the
awards, either In the newa or editorial columns. That was certainly juve
nile journalism with a vengeance and ought to cost such cheap editors a
long list of subscribers.
The California Promotion Committee should take these children of a
larger growth in hand and promote some common sense and consistency
in their policy. Such publications are worse than enemies of the common
i wealth; they are false friends.
WATER— B. F., Oakland, Cal. One
cubic foot of fresh water weighs 62.4
pounds, salt water 64.14 pounds. A
cubic foot of water Is 6.221 imperial
gallons or approximately 6*4 gallons.
City. According 1 to a table prepared
for publication by Maurice L. Muhle
man. formerly deputy Assistant United
States Treasurer, the following: are the
denominations of United States coins
at this time: Gold. J20. J10, $5, J2 50;
silver, 51, 50 centa, 25 cents, 10 cents.
Minor coins 5 cents and 1 cent.
A DATE— M. I* W., Chiles, Cal. Oc
tober 31, 1SS7, fell on a Monday.
Answers to Queries.
The record of achievement which the National Municipal
League has to show for its efforts is a good one. It works for the
betterment of city life and the economy of city government and con
sequently it should receive every encouragement.
r T > HERE has just been published and circulated throughout the
I larger cities of the country a circular report of the proceedings
of the recent Chicago conference held by the National Municipal
League. Incorporated therein is a great deal of material significant
of the work this association is doing for civic reform and municipal
improvement throughout all of the cities in which it has representa
tion. Reports of work actually accomplished give cheering evidence
of the growth of concerted effort in the beautifying of municipal
environs and the purification of municipal governments.
The aims of the National Municipal League deserve to attract
all that have pride in the appearance of their home city and a keen
interest in the administration of its machinery of government. The
twofold object of the league, the adornment of municipalities by
parks. driveways and such works of a public character, and the re
organization and modernizing- of city charters on models insuring
economy of effort and the permanency of solid business system, has
found justification in successful application in many Eastern cities.
In New York a branch of the league has trained men to keep in
close touch with legislation at Albany concerning the city's common
municipal interests. The work of a committee of the league in'pre
paring for Milwaukee the most serviceable method of municipal
accounting and the collection of municipal statistics has served as a
standard for similar revision of method in many other cities. In the
matter of civic adornment and reform of all unsightliness Kalama
zoo. Michigan, has set the standard for clean streets and Cleveland,
Ohio, has passed severe restrictive measures against the obtrusive
signboard.
wife. Would It not be nice if such a thine
would come to pass? I bet you will laugh and
»ay I am crazy, but I will say I am only
half way to the quarter mile post.
Butler's letter continues on for sev
eral pages. His sentences fairly teem
with novel declarations. He also inti
mates that he will come to Kansas
City to see Miss Griggs. Butler closes
his letter, after innumerable pleas for
money, with the phrase, "Your honest
friend," and begs in the humblest lan
guage for a reply.
A man who signs himself Lowen
stein writes from Strong City, Kans.:
Miss Clittle Griggs, My Dear Friend: —
I am sure you will want to Invest your
money in a good, paying proposition. Now,
that Is what I have. It is a sure thing. If
you will write to me, I will send you the
names of some of our leading but-iness men
who have invested In my proposition. It pays
100 per cent per year. I would be willing to
invest as much as you wish and. In case my
proposition proves successful, would be willing
to marry you. Hoping you will consider both
my propositions. I remain.
Miss Griggs has been at work at
the switchboard as usual.
THE NATIONAL MUNICIPAL LEAGUE.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT will
receive as an inauguration gift a
quilt composed of 22,642 pieces, the
handiwork of Mrs. Charlotte J. Creig
mile of 5237 Larchwood avenue. Phila
delphia, Says the North American.
The quilt is made entirely of satin in
the national colors — red, white and
blue. Neither the reds nor blues are
solid colors, but each is finely shaded,
lessening the contrast .and enhancing
the color value of the whole. The ma
terials alone cost upward of $100.
It was Mrs. Creigmile's intention to
present the quilt to President McKin
l*y, but he was assassinated before it
was completed. She has waited some
years to see if Roosevelt, as a Presi
dent, were worthy the gift, and she is
now entirely satisfied. She had no
doubt of his election either.
"There's not much danger of that;
but if it should happen I'll give it to
him before," Mrs. Creigmile replied-
To a remark ', that perhaps Parker
¦would appreciate the quilt if elected
she declared vigorously: "Xot a bit of
it! Give my quilt to a Democrat? I
guess not!"
Mrs. Creigmile worked on the quilt
and the two pillow shams that match
Jt In odd moments for several years.
When exhibited in a fair conducted by
the women of the Baptist Temple the
quilt excited unstinted admiration and
was pronounced a wonderful piece of
needlework.
"Perhaps Roosevelt will not be elect
ed, and then the auilt cannot be an
inauguration gift," a visitor suggested
the other day.
MRS. CREIGMILE AT WORK ON HER QUILT. WHICH THE PRESIDENT WILL,
RECEIVE AS AN INAUGURATION PRESENT. THIS "WONDERFUL QUILT IS
COMPOSED OF 22.W2 PIECES OF RED, WHITE AND BLUE SATIN.
The Call was the first to stand for a well-qualified and non
partisan judiciary by advocating the election of the four incumbents
to the Superior bench. It is gratifying that when the people voted
they nicely discriminated between their duty as partisans and their
duty as citizens by supporting the four tried and true incumbents
iind proving that a Judge need have no fear that he will be forgotten
if he do his duty, impartially, without fear or favor.
The Call salutes its readers and all who trusted its judgment
and its disinterested position. Hereafter it will be easier for San
Francisco to be right and for men to be faithful. We commented
currently on the unexcited nature of the national campaign. Com
mittees of both parties feared that it meant such indifference to the
result as would cause a very light vote. The opposite proved to be
true. The vote is very heavy. In the pivotal States an unusually
large percentage of the total registration was cast, which proves
that a red fire and brass band campaign is not necessary to get out
the vote. In the large cities there were no immense processions.
There were no campaign uniforms worn and no badges nor buttons.
The result was brought about everywhere by the sober thought of
the people, and therefore it means something.
I~*\ Y a decision that staggers the mind in its unanimity and volume
r% of majorities the country has centered responsibility upon the
*—* Republican party. As far as President Roosevelt is concerned,
his view of it may be judged by his comment on the party victory
of 1902, when he' said: "The country has given the Republican
party a chance to make good." Under his masterful leadership the
party will make good, and guided by him will give every man a
"square deal" under the law. Since Washington no man has entered
upon a Presidential term freer than he of all obligations that conflict
with public duty, and we predict that he will close his term and his
public service the most successful and popular of American Presi
dents and will take his place high in the history of his country.
. A feature of the election that is interesting is the obvious fact
that tens of thousands of Democrats voted for Roosevelt, but sup
ported parts of their local ticket Notwithstanding that, however,
the Republican majority in the next House is largely increased and
die party's power to "make good" is greater than ever.
It is gratifying that to this increase California adds the three
scats in the House that' were lost two years ago. The Call's fight
was made to regain those seats, and we made it a clean fight, ap
pealing only to the reason of men and not to their passions and
prejudices. We had no personal feeling against Messrs. Livernash,.
Wynn and Bell. They were simply three men out of place. A public
mistake and failure of judgment had put them where they did not
belong. They were not blameworthy for aspiring. The people were
at fault. They thought that the men could "make good" and justify
their elevation. But they failed, and the people have corrected the
mistake. That correction gains for us three splendid Representa
tives. In Kahn, Hayes and McKinlay the State will have three
Working members who will be alert in safeguarding our interests and
maintaining our good repute. We congratulate them much and the
State more.
THE RESULT, GENERAL AND LOCAL.
So on through to the end the letter
ran. Miss Griggs did not answer the
letter and she has recently received
a second letter from Mr. Butler, in
closing a stamp for reply and plead
ing at great length and, in turn, for
an answer, her love and 55000 of her
money. He said:
My Dear Friend Clittle (If you allow me to
call you puch) : — You mu6t not get angry, but
please read all this scribbling. It may be true
that you are getting many letters; but will add
that there is not one of them that needs as
sistance from you as I do. I know if I could
have a personal interview with you, you would
not. turn me down. I have concluded that
you are a fine girl and nothing would give me
more pleasure than to be able to call you my
Miss Griggs does not deign to answer
any of them, and, as a result, the
writers have, with one exception, sub
sided into silence after one letter. The
one exception is an Iowa man. He
gives his name as Butler and his ad
diess at Whittemore, Iowa. His first
letter to Miss Griggs covered three
sheets and was closely written. In it
he mixes business and sentiment by
alternately declaring that he wanted
to love her and begging for $5000 to
"put him on his feet again."
The first letter says in part:
Miss Clitiie Grisrf", Kansas City, Mo.
My Dear Friend: — I have read of your good
fortune in setting a half million dollars. It
will be nice for a. young and beautiful girl
like you are. I am a poor man and want to
ask you to help me. I have been eick and have
lost out »o that I am about on my last ground.
V."on't you rive me $5000 to start in the drug
business with? Or, no; I don't want you to
give me the money. Let me have it and I
will repay you. That sum will be «mall to you
and would be such a help to m«, who needs a
lift so eorely. Now, dear lady, remember
the Bible says it is good to give, and you
won't mis* it. I have worked hard all my
life and have not squandered my money, but
you knew we all have bad luck at times.
The letters from men who desire the
young woman for a -wife, and, inci
dentally, her half million, although
they all declare they love her for her
self and not for the money's sake, are
most interesting to the disinterested
reader, for Miss Griggs declares she
will pay no attention to them.
SINCE the recent announcement
that Miss Clittie Griggs. a tele
phone girl, employed with a Kan
sas City grain commission company,
had received a half million dollar be
-quest from a cousin in Alaska, she has
received letters from persons all oVer
the Middle West Most of these have
been from men, some proposing mar
riage; others asking for money, and
still others begging her to let them
have the money to invest or perfect
inventions. But the women have not
teen far behind with appeals to the
young heiress. Representatives of so
cieties and associations have requested
her to give part of her money to them.
The wedding of Mrs. Lulu E. Stern
to Daniel W. McGowan was quiet
ly celebrated in the apartments of the
bride's daughter, Mts. Robert Cords
Jr., in the Iroquois Hotel on Thurs
day, November 3, at 5 p. m. Only the |
daughters of Mrs. Stern, Mrs. Robert i
Cords Jr. and Miss Everett A. Stern,
and the brother of the groom, Frank
McGowan, were present at the cere- i
Miss Reed Hutchins, who is still In
New York studying music, is making
the most excellent progress and is
singing in many of society's drawing
rooms. Her brother, Powers Hutch
ins, Is visiting her through the holi
days.
Mrs. John I. Sabin and Miss Irene
Sabin will receive on Saturday, No
vember 19, from 5 to 7 o'clock, at their
home, 2828 California street. The first
and second Tuesdays In December will
also be retained by Mrs. and Miss Sa
bin as receiving days.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Leake, Mrs. Linda
Bryan, Miss Jessie Ewing, Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Spieker, Miss Spieker, Dr.
Arnold Genthe, Charles & Alken,
Francis Henry.
Miss Georgie Spieker, who has re
cently returned from her Eastern trip,
entertained at dinner last evening.
Covers were laid for ten and the
decorations, in green and white, con
sisted of maidenhair fern and great,
ragged chrysanthemums.
The table, bearing a lovely appear
ance, seated these guests.
The happiness on this fete day was
as unquestioned as the success, and a
programme more to the liking of
young hearts could not have been ar
ranged.
The affair may be said to have been
"continuous," having its origin in the
afternoon with a tea, at which several
buds of the year 'assisted in receiving.
Many guests passed to and fro, leav
ing cordial wishes for the latest novice
in society's ranks.
The dining hour brought to the home
of Mrs. Freeman Dr. Van Wyck, Sid
ney Salisbury, Du Val Moore, Richard
Hammond, Herbert Jones and Charles
Merrill, who, with the receiving group
of maids, formed a happy party that
continued In celebration of the day by
attending the Columbia Theater.
Mrs. Freeman's hospitality knew no
bounds, for she followed this entertain
ment with a supper and dance for just
these especial young people in her
home.
The debut of Miss Maude Freeman,
yesterday, was attended with all the
success and pleasure promised by plan
and anticipation.
Miss Ardella Mills and Miss Elsie
Dorr are two of our favorite maids
who will soon take leave of absence.
Both are going to Xew York first, and
then each has her own line of travel
planned from there. Probably much
time "will ensue before the return of
either.
Mrs. Hyde-Smith -will entertain at
dinner on Friday evening for her
daughter, Miss Margaret Hyde-
Smith.
Miss Florence V. Smith, who, with
her mother, has moved into a newly
built house on Vallejo street, gives a
tea to-day in honor of the new abode.
A true housewarming it will be. too.
with all the hospitality that goes with
such a momentous affair.
Mrs. William Letts Oliver and Miss
Carolyn Oliver will entertain Miss Isa
bel Kendall at dinner this evening.
Mrs. Louis Monteagle entertains to
day in honor of Miss Card Moore and
Miss Maisie Langhorne. The affair is
a luncheon. *• ¦
• • •
The altar decorations consisted of
chrysanthemums and an abundance of
autumn foliage. The bride was gown
ed in a rich blue traveling dress. Mr.
and Mrs. Waldron leaving Immediate
ly after the ceremony for Los An
geles.
A feature of the music was its varia
tion from the orthodox marches, the
beauty of Jensen's wedding music and
Dubols* Benediction Nuptiale peal
ing forth impressively, with William
H. Holt at the organ, after the cere
mony playing the "Mignon" gavotte.
The bride, given away by her father.
was attended by her sister. Miss Eliz
abeth Stillman. The groom was served
by Hewitt Davenport as best man,
with William Stillman and Edgar Still
man as ushers. The officiating clergy
man was Rev. David Evans, rector of
Grace Church.
A wedding of much interest took
place yesterday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock In Grace Episcopal Church,
when Miss Annie Stillman, daughter
of Alfred Stillman of Sausalito, was
married to Richard Waldron Jr. of
Jackson, 111.
After a short honeymoon In Mon
terey Mr. and Mr?. McGowan will
make their home in Arcata, where Mr.
McGowan has large cattle interests.
The many friends of Mrs. McGowan
will be glad to welcome her return to
Arcata, her former home, which she
left, to the regret of every one, some
four years ago. ,
mony. The Rev. William Racier offi
ciated.
BY SALLY SHflRP-
Telephone Heiress
In Receipt of
Numerous Proposals
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX D. EPRECKELS Proprietor
~~ ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO ,
JOHN McVACGHT Manager
rCSLICATION OmCE .TKIRD~AyD MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 10, 1904 |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 10. 1904
BEAUTIFUL INAUGURATION
GIFT FOR THE PRESIDENT
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
8CH ARMING BRIDE, WHO. AS MISS HE LEN PETTIGREW. HELD OXE BRIEF
YEAR'S REIGN IX BELLEDOM. AND WHO WILL ASSUME LEADERSHIP
AMONG EEVY OF YOUNG MATRONS.
The free open meeting of the Mc-
Kinnon memorial committee takes
place this evening at Stelnway Hall,
Sutter street and Grant avenue. The
object of the meeting Is to place be
fore the public the' alms and objects of
the committee and to review the life
and work of Father McKinnon.
The meeting is under the auspices
of the McKinnon committee and the
United Spanish War .Veterans and
their lady auxiliaries. On the com
mittee is Colonel O'Neill, Colonel
Macdonald, Colonel Barry, Miss Stein,
Miss Cain, Miss Riordan, Miss Com
yns, Mrs. Richardson and Messrs.
O'Brien, Hagan and Curtis. Repre
senting the veterans are Major 'Hugh
SIme, Captain and Mrs. McCalla and
Mrs. Hamilton.
The president of the evening will
be Judge Murasky, who, with Colonel
Barry and General Woodruff, will ad
dress the meeting. ¦,
Open Sleeting of Local Memorial
Committee to Be Held .This
Evening.
WIMj REVIEW LIFE WORK
OF LATE FATHER McKINNON
FIVE MORE INCORPORATIONS.— Articles
of incorporation were filed yesterday by five
ir.orfc Nevada rrAn'.nz companies, the directors
\-.;ryir!K but little in each corporation and In
riuding; the following: C. Hirshfeld. G. C
Fif\<l'T. William P. Henry. W. C. Ralston.
A. F. Coffin. E. P. Barrett. EL W. Elliot.
Bel Jacobs. William Bannan. J. Stadtfeld and
H F. f-'haw. The companies «nd capital stock
arc Alpfca ComsoHdatfid, $525,000; Exchequer
«;id and KUver. $500,000: New TeTk, 5500.
<*«.; Julia Cnn?oH<iated, $550,000; Bullion Gold
end silver. $500,000.
A College Yell
For every one. U. C. and Stanford lapel
buttons free. Brown Bros., 616-518 Mar
ket -street. •
RECOVERS TEN MONTHS' 8ALART.— The
Supreme Court decided yesterday that P. W
Gabriel could recover $1000 from the Bank of
Suiaun. The bank officials claimed they hired
Gabriel by the month. He claimed that h«
was hlr*d by the year. He was discharged
after working- two months and brought suit to
recover ten months' salary.
Cnllfornlans - in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9. — The fol
lowing Californlans arrived in Wash
ington to-day. At the New Wlllard —
Dr. D. F. Ragan of San Francisco. At
the. Raleigh — Mrs. S. Meyer, Miss
Meyer and Rose Meyer of Loa Ange
les. At the Gerald — J. Fitzgibbons
and Family of San Francisco.
STAR COURSE OF ENTERTAINMENTS.—
.The third In the star course of enter
tainments of the Tounr Men's Christian
Association for the present season will be given
at the association building;. Mason and Ellis
streets, to-morrow evening, by the De Koven
Club of twenty-five voice*. AH these young
men are i graduates either of Stanford or tha
University of California and were formerly
connected with the glee clubs of these two
universities. They will give a delightful en
tertainment. This ; is the only Institution in
San Francisco that conducts this ktnd of a
course of entertainments during the season.
MOTOR 18 ANNOYING.— W. K. Johnaon of
4441 Twentieth street allege* that the peace
and comfort of hi» family U disturbed by the
noise and Jarring- of an electric motor . oper
ated In the basement of the home of - his
neighbor, • John Handschumach«r. Johnson
sues for ?1000 damages and the abatement of
the nuisance..
WASHINGTON. Nov. 9. — Secretary
Hay has received assurances from
Great Britain and Mexico that they
stand prepared to negotiate arbitrate
treaiies on the lines of that recently
concluded between France and the
United States. Consequently the State
Department will proceed at once to
complete the whole fabric of treaties
so as to have them ready for submis
sion to the Senate when It meets again
December 5.
Satisfactory Assurances Received by
Secretary nay From Both Repre
sentatives of Governments.
BRITAIN AND MEXICO
FAVOR ARBITRATION
Steffens' indictment was filed on
September 30. accusing him of fraud
ulently voting at the primary election
on August 9. He ia accused of voting
the name of C. A. Crew at the polling
place, 2806 Bush street, in the Thirty
ninth Assembly District.
Rebstock is accused of violation of
the election law, the indictment hav
ing been filed on October 13. He was
an inspector at the polling booth of
Precinct No. 80, in front of the Alms
house. When Owen William Frankum
entered the booth to vote the Repub
lican ticket he was challenged by Wil
liam Hazell, but Rebstock refused to
administer the oath to Frtmkum.
The indictments of the Grand Jury
against Joseph Rebstock and Adolph
Steffens were taken from the secret
file yesterday morning and Presiding
Judge Lawlor assigned the cases to his
own court. The cases will be placed
on his calendar for to-morrow morn
ing for the arraignment of the defend
ants. Rebstock is out on bonds, but
Steffens has so far eluded the vigil
ance of the police.
of Rebstock and StclTens to
His Own Court.
Presiding: Judge Lawlor Assigns Cases
Assistant United States District At
torney Ben L. McKinley made a mo
tion yesterday in the United States
District Court to adjourn the court out
cf respect to the memory of George E.
Morse, clerk of the court, who died
last Tuesday night Mr. McKinley
paid a feeling tribute to the decedent
and Judge de Haven granted the mo
tion and- took an adjournment until
this morning. ~.
This is the third office on the third
floor of the Appraiser's building that
has lost a Government employe by
d ftath within the last few years. Shel
ley Monckton, a Deputy United States
Marshal, was the first. He was acci
dentally suffocated by illuminating
pas. William P. Gamble, another
Deputy Marshal, killed himself a lit
tle more than a year ago. The next
was Assistant United States District
Attorney Edward J. Banning, who was
taken ill suddenly with ptomaine
poisoning and died within a few days.
The first deaths began In the Marshal's
office, the next to the office immediate
ly north of that, and the last in the
next office north, all on the west side
Of the corridor.
Considerable speculation is being in
dulged in as to Clerk Morse's succes
sor. Chief Deputy James S. Manley
stands in the line of promotion should
the vacancy be filled in that way. Then
Deputy John A. Fouga, Milton Green
and George Hatton are prominently
mentioned.
Judge de Haven has the appointing
pewer.
Singular Fatality Connected With West
Side of the Third Floor of Uie
Appraiser's Building.
GRAXD JURY INDICTMENTS
TAKEN FROM SECRET FILE
JUDGE DE IIAVEX PAYS
HIS OFFICIAL RESPECTS
A fascinating picture was the bride in
her nuptial ribes of ivory satin, the
corsage hung with rarest rose point
lace. Upon her yellow hair she wore a
The ceremony was celebrated at the
Pacific avenue home of the bride's
mother, Mrs. Charles Stanford Petti
grew, and was witnessed by one hun
dred and fifty relatives and friends.
Gladly had the gardens round about
given of their treasures, making of
the home a bower of beauty.
In the drawing room, between pil
lars of bride roses, an altar had been
reared, upon which were banked the
fairest roses that grow; candles
gleamed from glittering sconces, while
the happy pair plighted their pledges
upon a white satin priedieu at the
altar's rail, the Rev. Charles Ramm
reading the service.
No fairer bride e'er plighted her
troth to fond lover than pretty Helen
Pettigrew, who was wedded last nitrht
to William T. Lemman. thus bringing
to an exquisite climax just a brief year
of belledom.
Mr. Lemman is a brother-in-law of
the well-beloved Dr. James McCone.
who passed away two years ago.
After an extended honeymoon
through the Eastern States. Mr and
Mrs. Lemman Mill set up their house
hold gods in a luxurious new home on
Jackson street, at Buchanan.
The bride was attended by Miss Alyse
Sullivan, a stunning maid in her dainty
frock of rose pink net. verily a fair
foil to her who a matron grave would
be. Likewise was she waited upon by
two other pretty maidens. Miss Ruth
Morton and Miss Armor Deamer. both
in white chiffon over pink silk, like
duchesse roses in a mist:
A distinguished looking young matron
is Mrs. Lemman, of good style and of
personality, much of which is an ac
quirement of years of European travel
and study. Mr. Lemman is a clever
chap, and though barely beyond the
electoral age, has shown himself a man
of mentality.
half-wreath of orange blossoms, hold
ing in its leaves the filmy folds of her
bridal veil.
Captain A. Scandella of the Spanish
army is at the St. Francis. He is a
member of the general staff of Spain
and has been with the First Japanese
Army as a military observer. As in the
case of other foreign military attaches
who were assigned to similar duty with
the Japanese forces he is pledged to
secrecy regarding the movements of
the Mikado's army.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace was Lieutenant Colonel Chedas
Santa Anna of the Portuguese army,
who has been stationed at Macao, and
is returning home.
Jehagle H. Kothare, a man of wealth
of Kurachi, India, who is about to em
bark on a tour of South America, ar
rived from the Far East yesterday and
is registered at the Palace.
E. D. Tenny, who is Identified with
a number of the leading commercial
enterprises of Hawaii, and his wife ar
rived from the islands yesterday and
are staying at the St. Franci3.
Dr. J. M. Moore, lieutenant comman
der and surgeon of the United States
navy, who has been attached to the
Raleigh for the past three years in the
Orient, is at the Palace, having return
ed from China yesterday on the steam
ship Manchuria. -He is home on leave
of absence.
Registered at the St. Francis is Lieu
tenant du Petit Thouras of the French
navy, who has been serving on the bat
tleship Montcalm in the Orient, and is
returning to France on leave. He is a
descendant of a distinguished French
family and grandson of one of France's
famous admirals.
James S. McQuade, who was con
nected with the Orpheum in this city
in Gustav Walters' time and now in
terested in several Important New
York theatrical ventures, is in the
city. He leaves again this morning
for Portland, but had time to renew
a few old acquaintances.
G. P. Godsey, representative of the
American Tobacco Company in Tokio,
and his wife arrived from the Orient
yesterday and are registered at the
Lick.
L. T. Peck, general manager of the
Rapid Transit Company of Honolulu,
and his wife are at the St. Francis.
Colonel and Mrs. E. J. Parrlsh of
New York arrived from the Orient
yesterday and are registered at the
Palace.
Thomas E. McSorley. a mining man
of Calaveras County, is staying at the
California.
W. W; Booth, postmaster of Tonopah
and publisher of the Tonopah Bonanza,
is a guest at the Grand.
R. C. Terry, a vineyardist of Clayton,
is at the Lick.
State Senator Thomas Flint of San
Juan is at the Palace.
Tod C. Woodworth, a mining man of
Reno, Is registered at the Grand.
J. B. Castle, a prominent merchant
of Honolulu, is" at the St. Francis.
George D. Kellogg, a prominent fruit
grower of Newcastle, is at the Lick.
"Henry Weinstock, the well-known
Sacramento merchant, is at the Palace.
Jose Vono Reyes of the United States
Geological Survey Is at the Occidental.
Dr. Mary V. Glenton » of ' Wuchang,
China, arrived at the Occidental yes
terday.
A bazaar and series of entertain
ments will be given in the parlors of
the First English Lutheran Church.
Geary street, near Gough, this after
noon and evening and to-morrow
and Saturday afternoons and
evenings. The booths are to
be beautifully decorated and among
these who will assist in the literary
and musical entertainments are Pro
fessor Graeber,- William Dahl, Wil
liam Altmann, H. Wagner, John Beat
try, Reginald E. G. Keene and the
Misses Clancy, Miss Amy Peterson,
Miss Alfreda Tibbetts, Miss Ella
Atkinson and Miss Florence Walbey. ¦
Lutheran Church Bazaar.
PERSONAL.
By most of his hearers, who to-night
had their first opportunity of hearing
the Foreign Office's views and who.
hitherto, had based their ideas on Mr.
Balfour's much-criticized Southampton
speech, and belligerent editorial arti
cles in the newspapers. Lord Lans
downe's utterances were regarded al
most as a plea for Russia.
A dead silence greeted him. as. after
pointing out that the two Governments
in good faith believe in contradictory
staterpents of facts, he asked:
"Could we have done better than tret
full apology and compensation and
leave the question of facts to an in
ternational tribunal with a guarantee
of punishment of any who may be
found guilty?"
Lord Lansdowne, in connection with
the question of contraband seriously
reminded the audience that Great Bri
tain as the greatest naval power mleht
Bome day be the greatest sufferer by a
restriction of belligerent rights on the
high eeas.
After referring to "the \rldely preval
ent desire" that arbitration mieht be
resorted to. In the case of the present
war in the Far East, Lord Lansdowne
added:
"Mr. Choate walked into my room
yesterday and asked if we would sien
an arbitration treaty with the United
States. Simultaneously I received from
President Roosevelt, whom all must
congratulate (cheers), a message Invit
ing us to participate in a second Inter
national peace conference at The
Haprue. It was needless to say that the
invitation has not been refused, onlv
we have reserved to ourselves the rieht
to consider the subjects that should be
discussed. We hesitated not a moment
in Informing America that we were
ready to participate and in wishing
President Roosevelt Godspeed in this
undertaking. Arbitration," concluded
Lord Lansdowne, after a sympathetic
reference to France's assistance in the
North sea dispute, "has become the
fashion."
Then came an impassioned review of
the North Sea affair. Although Lord
Lansdowne was unable to announce the
signing of the convention, he emphati
cally confirmed statements made in
these dispatches, namely, that Great
Britain had found "no difficulty in ar
riving at a solution in principle of the
dispute," and only supplemented what
is already known by the statement
that Russia has guaranteed the punish
ment of any other officers in addition
to those already detached from Ad
miral Rojestvensky's squadron, who
rnight be proven to have been impli
cated.
LONDON. Nov. 9.— Lord Lansdowne,
In the absence of Premier BaJfour, at
the historic Lord Mayor's banquet, held
to-night, made a strong plea, for peace
and arbitration on behalf of the Brit
ish Goveratnent. Lord Lansdown*
pointed out to a large audience that
arbitration was the only way In which
the North Sea dispute with Russia
could have been equitably settled, and
(utnost in the same breath drew a
vivid picture of the horrors of the
etrusgle now proceeding in the Far
llasi. Between the lines of his speech
the Foreign Minister made an urgent
plea* amounting almost to a demand,
that the Russo-Japanese quarrel might
be settled by arbitration. It was a
carefully prepared statement made be
fore what is conceded the most repre
sentative gathering of leading men of
Great Britain, and what is generally
interpreted a bolder bid for interven
tion than has yet emanated from any
neutral power. America was writ large
in this speech, for which Great Britain
has been waiting for many days.
The Foreign Minister prefaced all his
remarks by saying:
"That great statesman, John Hay,
recently remarked that war was the
most futile and fallacious of human
follies."
Some of His Remarks Taken
by His Hearers as Fav
voring Russia and Are Met
With an Ominous Silence
Their friends say that the affair was
Intended as a 1oke, but Democrats
claim a plot had been hatched to get
Mannix out 01* the way and tamper
with the ballots which are in his cus
tody.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Nov. 9. —
Sheriff Edward Bell frustrated an at
tempted # deportation of Frank H. Man
nix; County Clerk and Recorder, and
a Democrat, to-day. Mannix had
been marched a mile and a half from
town by three men when the party
was overtaken by a Sheriff and a
posse.
Mannix wan released and 'William
Carruthers, Carl Evans and E. E.
Cornelson were arrested on a charge
of kidnaping. They furnished bonds
of $500 each. Carruthers is the gen
eral freight agent of the Cripple Creek
Central Railroad and for several
years was deputy sheriff under Coun
ty Recorder Mannix. The other two
men arrested ai-e miners.
PORTLAND, Nov. 9.— The OreKonian
will to-morrow make an announcement
affecting the jobbing interests of San
Francisco and Salt Lake merchants in
competition with Portland dealers. It
is to the effect that on December 1
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company will put into operation re
duced . rates between Portland and
Southern Idaho points, ransrinic from
9 to 48 cents a hundred pounds, accord
ing to the class of goods shipped.
This rate will put the Portland mer
chants on a parity with San Francis
co and Salt Lake merchants, who for
four years have been granted rates to
Southern Idaho points' which have
made them dominate in that country.
San Francisco shippers were srranted
rates permitting them to ship into
Idaho cheaper than the Portland mer
chant could import goods v from that
city and reship to Idaho from this
point.
PAYS COMPLIMENTS
TO UNITED STATES
Friends Say Whole Affair
Was a Joke, N but Others
Look on It in Serious Light
Puts Portland Merchants on
a Parity With Those of.
San Francisco \ and Utah
THEEE ARRESTS MADE
Points Out to Audience at
Lord Mayor's Banquet That
North Sea Dispute Was
Settled by Arbitration
EFFECT. ON JOBBERS
New Schedule Soon to Be
Put Into Effect From the
North to Points in Idaho
Sheriff Frustrates Attempt
to Deport Official in the
Cripple Creek District
WILL CHANCE
FREIGHT RATES
COUNTY CLERK
IS KIDNAPED
LANSDOWNE
LOOKS ONLY
FOR PEACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 10, 1904:
MAN AND MAID PLIGHT TROTH
ttISS PETTIQREV BECOMES A BRIDE
9
ARfPSEMEXTS.
The Show of the Season !
John T. Kelly and Company; Tvtlr*
Navajo Girls; Canfleld and Carleton.
and "Wee Jeanio Tletcher. I>ait Times
of Reed and Shaw: Watson. Kntcbburs. !
Edwards and Company; The Misses
Delmore. and Halley and Meehan.
'Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c, 25c
and 50c.
GRAND SSSgg
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEB SATORDAT.
JANE CORCORAN
Supported by ANDREW ROBSON In
PRETTY PEGGY
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
THE FATAL WEDDING
COLUMBIA SL.TSS
ALIi THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
NIGHTLY. Includinz Sundar.
. MATINEE SATURDAY.
"You can on no account afford to miss The
County Chairman.' " — Call. .'¦" v */> •• ; - j
Henry W. Savage Offers George Ade's Quaint
Comedy Drama.
I!- COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
(Not a Musical Comedy.)
Bie Cast— Magulflcent Production,
<Mm0c3
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT an e d cLm e bSy. THIS WEEK
25c • 25c
Oliver Morosco Offers HOWARD GOULD, J.
H. OILMOUR and the Entire Majestic
Theater Company in
An American Citizen
Next "HEARTS AFLAME."
— CALIFORNIA—^
OTIS B.TH AVER and
GERTRUDE BONDHILL
In the Beautiful Pastoral Comsdy-
Drama,
SWEET CLOVER
SATURDAY WIGHT
STANFORD^ NIGHT.
NEXT 8UNDAY MATINEB— The
furiously funny farce, the bisr hit of
last year. "A FRIEND OK THE FAM-
ILY, 1 ' with a cast of treat strength.
BETTER THAN LAST SEASON.
J^SCTljIjAyEotJS AMUSEMENTS.
TONY LUBELSKI. . General Manager.
GBEATEST VATTDEVTULE ACTS
IN, THE WORLD FOR THE- PRICES.
10c and 20c — no higher. ; Both Orchestra andi
balcony. Every afternoon at 2:30. Twice each
evening at 7:30 and 9. Continuous Saturday
and Sunday matinees from 2 to 5 o'clock.
Newly Imported MOVING PICTURES.
BASEBALL.
San Francisco vs. Seattle.
AT RECREATION . PARK.
Eighth and Harrison it*.
TO-DAY and all week days, 3 p. m.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance sale of seats at 6 Stockton iu
Makes hair light ami fluffy. Stops Itching Instantly
aOlNCyl CS^QING.!! GONE!!!
IERPICIOI Kill SUE IT. REAftCJOE WILL SAVE IT. TOO LITE f 01 KIPICIDL
NFWRRfl'3 HFHPinmF WJtt£MW«sssssWis
Tit OriftesJ ttsttYlbit "kin* till Dutfreff Gerss." hair— not the combings." • It can be done with
_~ _ L. Newbro's Herplclde which kills the microbe that
DONT BLAME YOUR MIRROR «Kl^t^%;^£iT&
Many Itdlts compel their mirrors to bear silent hair's natural luster and abundance will return,
witness to needless hair destruction/. Day after Marvelous results. An exquisite hair dressing.
Crui Stores, $1.00. Send 10c, stamps, to HERP1CIDE CO. Oept H. Detroit Mich, for a staple.
' APPI^CATIQgS AT PaOMIKEMT BAaBEB SZOPS.
AMUSEMENTS.
AT sO A T A T> Belaaeo & Mayer.
ALCAZAR
Gen«ra! Manager.
SHRIEKS OF~LATJGHTEE
From the Curtain's Rise!
Tills Week — Mats. Sat. and Son.
A. C. Gu liter's Most Delightful Comedy.
DDIlVrP I
I That Made
•m jr a T*v T !J Mansfield
KARL I "-~
Evifs. 25c to 75c. Mats. Sat A Sun.. 23c to 50o.
NEXT MONDAY— Clyda Fitch's Great Play.
THE CLIMBERS
For the first time In stock.
CENTRALS
Market st., near Eighth. Pbcne South 533.
TO-NIGHT — Ali. THIS WEEK.
MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Thrilling Melodramatic Success,
"HER MARRIAGE VOW"
THE TERRIBLE TRAIN COLLISION!!!
FIGHT FOR LIFE ON THE PRECIPICE!!!
8PELLBIXDINO ALL. THE WAT!!!
PRICES— Eve., 10c to 50c. Mats.. 10c 15c, 25c.
Next— WINCHESTER.
SECOOT) WXEZ
Of the (treat Musical Comedy Triumph
MessTmgeR
- ¦« '.;*; .
Superb RJfl |V Great
Scenic frHttjf U Tivoli
Sensation *^ >^ ¦ Cast
Usual Tivoli ortces 23c. 50c. 73c
Scats always selling; Only Mat. Saturday.
Biffli-ClaM Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening- In the Theater.
— — TO-HIQHT-— —
6AU AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With—
..NEW LIVING PICTURES..
.THE JOHHSTnWH FLOOD OPENS SUNDU
'SEVEN BABY LIONS IK THE ZOO.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 5o
When Phoning Ask for The Chutes.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ENID BRANDT,
THE PHENOMENAL
CHILD ARTIST,
Axe 12.
PIANO RECITAL
THURSDAY EVENING. NOVEMBER 10.
STEIXWAY HALL.
Resmrxl Seats. $1. 75o and 50c
Y^Q Perfect Fitting rtj^ k
Uy Eyeglasses
/-j At Moderate Cost ;\
W 642 THarke-tSt
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. LXVIGORA-
¦tor and Nervine, .
The most wonderful aphrodlsiao and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tor DUeaaea of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS A KHC.VE, A««nta.
828 Market at., 3. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
9 R^2E^±E?:
FEED THE EDITOR.
Best Way to Get Good "Copy."
Not every one knows what food to
turn to 5n case of sickness or decline
in health.
A man in El^in, 111.. Bays: "My at-
tention was first called to Grape-Nuts
Bome time ago, when Brother, who is
an editor In Chicago, broke down from
overwork and nervous prostration set
In and then paralysis.
"The expert specialist (the physician
in charee) gave special instructions as
to the food and put him on Grape-Nuts
and cream.
"He began to recuperate quickly and
there was a very marked showing of
the strength and value of the food.
He eoon got well and has been at his
¦work ever since, and never shows any
further signs of breaking down, al-
though he works harder than he did
before; but he is well and properly fed
and his brain and nerves kept nour-
ished with the right kind of food— that
is Grape-Nuts and cream." Name given
by Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Get the little book. "The Road to
Wellville," in each pkg.
.> PRAGERS
TO-bAY I
• On Every Purchase of $1.00 or Over R
There Will Be "Something Doing"
to the Amount* of $1.00
FREE
¦ Children's Dresses. ' Women's
(second Floor) j Flannelette Gowns.
fi These dresse^are made of^a (Maln noor>
istiii is!!
stitching, and three tiny white J£ l f • ih^ £™ "V stn P cs; |
pearl buttons. The sleeves and « t $its ordSarii; 'fo? 70~ P
collars are elaborately trimmed these To dav ifSC 9
with silk braid. The skirt is full tftesc « owns - lo-day.. |(JW M
and this entire little dress is well I f|
lined throughout. The colors Stock Collars. Fj
are garnet, blue and brown; (Main Floor) I]
sizes 2, 34, 5 and Af> Women's fancy point Gaze fj
6; regular $ S oo tL2 (IV Stock Collars. They are very U
value; special at.. tP»J # 70 pretty and well worth _. *A
the regular price at 35c. /An 11
Wnmcm'e • The coIors arc ecru and U
women s whitc . salc price " mv ]
Flannelette Skirts. o.Mv™ c^^ a i
(Main Floor) j KlDDOn bpeCial. g
These skirts are made of • (Main Floor) h
soft quality flannelette in nar- Regular 35c and 50c ribbons, 8
row stripes of blue and pink; made in this .season's most styl- fg
they have a yoke at the waist ish colors and patterns; they M
and are finished at the bottom consist of fancy Dresdens, Ro- H
with a deep scalloped flounce; man stripes and corded; there §
worked with a button- .^. are also some plain taf- -. ii
hole stitch; it is made A Sin fetas and satin taffetas; / |r» ¦
very full; regularly sold *JQ^ all are from 3 to 4^ LVU «
at 75c; now inches wide; special price H
Largest I j| J %*&fc / && Vhit Our S
Department Jjf -fl B ZJ| If |J fT j| T| Crockery, g
Store /|%r (T Grocery and I
West. Ilir m* A rtMSJTT —^inkJETC CT-sT Depa^raents [;
JJ- MAKnET^vONES o75: J
' AD VERTISEMEXTS.
" Mistress Cook," said
Golden Gate, "let us be
be friends. Keep my top
down tight to save my
aroma 'and freshness;
make me right and I'll
help you hold your job.
Good coffee makes the
whole breakfast taste
right— poor coffee spoils
everything.'*
Nothing" dees with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE but satisfaction. No
tji*ln* s ¦"¦""" do coupons ™*" do crocitcry •>
1 and Z lb. aroma-tlrfht tins;
Never sold in bnlk.
J. A. Folger (Si Co.
Established Half a Century
San Francisco
The makers of
LIEBIG COMPANY'S
Extract of Beef
have always tried to help along the
cause of good cooking everywhere by
supplying housekeepers with useful
cook books giving recipes for the easy
preparation of appetizing dishes.
Send your Address on a postal to CorneUle
David £ Co., 105 Hudson St., New York, and
you will receive one, free, by mall.
THE A. B. C. OF THE
LAUNDRY BUSINESS—
Its alphabet. Its elementary principles —
were long ago learned by us and are ap-
plied: . Ability ("know-how" and skill);
best materials (soap, water, starch, etc.);
care (the "conscience" of any successful
business man). Hence It is that our
work pleases 99 out of 100 of our pa-
trons — the . odd 1 should be, and Is, a
negligible quantity.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MABKET STREET.
Telephone Sonth 430.
PfllflrA DONT FAIL TO
midCC , €e the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
film room, the EMPIRK
auu Parlor, the
r— • A PALM ROOM, the
tirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR.
UIUIIU LOR, and the LA-
¦'.ittSi'JA'J: DIES', WRITING
Hotels room.' In order to join -the. great _ silent ma
jority a man must either die or get
married. ~" ".'-" " '
GUARDIAN FOR PHELPS HEIRS. — Joseph
Lecpett : was yesterday appointed by Judge
Ccffey as guard Kn of the California estate
'of Blanche. Hazel and Nellie Shelllto, minors,
:esldlnz In Crawford' County. Pennsylvania.
CITY SUES FOR TAXES.— Anoher suit by
the city and county of San Francisco against
Wells. Fargo & Co. for the collection of de
linquent taxes for 1902 was filed -yesterday
by. Abe Ruef. attorney for the Tax Collector.
It Is set forth that the- company has only
paid $775 1)0 and the amount due including
penalties. Is $14,571 30. , An attempt of th«
Tax Collector to sell the company's property
at delinquent sale was enjoined a few months
aso.
NEW* YORK, Nov. 9.— Frank Cro
ker, driving a seventy-five horsepower
racing car, has made new track rec
ords at- the Empire City track from
one mile to twelve in a twenty-mile
trial agraist time. The first mile, :57%;
eleventh mile, 5 S 3-5; " twelve- miles
11:32 1-5. Frank Kullck, with a
twenty horsepower car, made new
records for two and three miles —
1:54 and 2:51.
New Automobile Records.
LADIES OFG.A.R. PLAN "
BENEFIT FOR SOLDIERS
The ladies of William McKinley
Circle No. 31, Grand Army of the Re
public, are_ arranging for a grand
bazaar for the benefit: of the old sol
diers. The affair will be given at 2030
Howard street on '- the - afternoons and
evenings of December 1, 2 and 3. /
, Mrs. Grace A. Hull, 1 164 Valencia
street. Is • president of the circle and
has the affair in charge. She is being
assisted by Miss Boyson, 2015 Howard
street.' Donations will be thankfully
received at the homes of the two la
dies. ' ¦- .;. ;¦ :,:¦,¦ "¦¦ . • ¦ ¦ 1 ¦ -.¦,':
Members of William McKlnley Circle
Are Making: Arrangements for
Grand Bazaar;
The drawing which was held "" last
night resulted as follows: Preliminary
round — L. Levison versus" R.
Strachan. First round— H. Getz.V a
bye; M. McLoughlin versus Mar
tinez. '. -, - >
The first-class, players will meet
again on Saturday and compete for
the Doherty racket, which- must be
won twice. R. Strachan, who won the
second-class honors easily last Satur
day,will play in the first class in fu
ture. McLoughlln won the first tour
nament. ¦' ¦ !
The third-class players of the
Golden Gate Junior Tennis Club
played two unfinished matches yester
day in the class tournament com
menced last Saturday. Both were
semi-final matches. They had to be
postponed to next Saturday on ac
count of darkness. Honigsberg won
the first set, 6—3, from Garcia. The
second set stood 3 — 1 In favor of the
latter. Gunst won the first set from
Easton, 6 — 3, but lost the second by
the same score.
Yduthful Tennis Experts Meet.
Stanley Fay was granted twenty
days' extension of time to pave Pierce
street, between Vallejo and Green,
and the application of J. G. Harney
for an extension of ninety days to
pave Fourth avenue, between Clement
and California streets, was denied, be
cause it was filed after the expiration
of the time the work should have been
completed.
The petition 'of C. Hartmanh ¦ that
Fremont avenue, between Frederick
andvAshbury streets, be graded was
denied because the cost would be far
in excess of one-half the assessed
value. . s*,-^ ;r />
The City Architect was directed to
draw plans for -the new pesthouse.
C. J. Gallagher/superintendent of
pavements, was granted a six months*
leave of absence owing to illness.
Henry Whltley was granted a per
mit to lay a temporary track, for
grading purposes from the bay shore
line of the Southern Pacific Company
along Twenty-flfth avenue to H
street South. .' : "¦' ¦• '" r ;
The Board of Works yesterday
overruled the protests " of various
property owners against the con
struction of sidewalks nine feet - in
width on eertain streets in the Rich
mond District' and recommended to
the Supervisors that the work be
done.
Board of Works Overrules Protests
Against Improvements and Asks
Supervisors for Authority.
RECOMMENDS SIDEWALKS
IN RICHMOND DISTRICT
can beat Britt if allowed to weigh 134
pounds does not help to make the re
cent meeting of the men look good.
Gans probably expects to' be allowed to
carry that extra pound weight in his
glove and not on his body.
The joke about the show of Britt and
Gans seems too good to keep and hints
are being dropped right and left by
persons who were interested in it as to
the manner in which the public was
duped. Letters which are passing be
tween this city and the East are sure
.to be made public some day and then
the guilty ones will be shown up.
Gans told a reputable sporting man
of this city the morning after the 3how
that he could beat Britt If he (Gans)
had one hand tied behind him. Why he
did not do so could 'probably be an
swered by Al. Herford, who is home
ward bound, weighted down with Cali
fornia gold.
Joe Gans still retains the title of lightweight
champion of the world, but there -are, I lm
ajtine. a great many more to-day who are of
the opinion that his hitherto undisputed right
to the title was badly punctured on Monday
nisht by Jimmy Britt. There can be no dis
puting the fact that while the fight lasted
It waa Brltt's by a big margin, but, while
this la undoubtedly true, did the negro fight
his fight, and is his disgraceful showing with
Britt to be taken as his true form, or will we
have to throw that performance out and go
back to his previous performances In the ring?
I believe the flrht terminated exactly as
scheduled. I believe the whole thing was
fixed when the match was made -to end as It ¦
did. I believe the club and referee were In on
the deal as much as the fighters were, and I
further believe the money was equally di
vided, i
Everybody who knows Gans knows that he
did not fight anywhere near his form. It waa
not within measuring distance of I his fight,
according to past performances. He was, ac
cording to the telegraphic report of the battle,
repeatedly knocked down by rights and lefts,
and appeared all in after -boxing two rounds.
Britt outboxed him and outslugged him and
had him on the run 1 from start- to finish —
something no other fighter ever did.
It was no more Brltt's fight than It was
Gans'. Who ever saw Britt In any of his bat
tles open up and tear right Into an opponent
and drop him with right and left punches?
Who ever saw Britt lose his head In any of hi*
battlen to «uch an extent as to commit a series
of fouls', any one of which was of «uch gravity
to warrant the referee in disqualifying him?
Britt has always shpwn that he was cool
and collected at all stages of the fight. Con
trast his conduct in all his previous fights with
that In hlw fight with the negro Gans. The
Idea that' Britt would get so. excited -ns to
strike his opponent while on the floor after a
knockdown— not only once, but several times —
and then, after being disqualified, tear Into
the referee and go to smashing him!
The whole thing not only looks to me like a
fake, but It really smells very loud.
The attack on Graney waa. as much a part
of the programme as was striking Gans when
he wes on the floor. The Graney-Britt mlx-up
was" for the purpose of diverting the attention
of. . the spectators from the real contest, . and
very likely helped out considerably in per
ruadlng t ho crowd that the battle was on Its
merits.
Gans Is still the lightweight champion and
Brltt's reputation as a fighter Is much better
now that It was before he met the negro. The
Gans backers won their money and everything
Is werene.
. There eeems to be nothing left* now but to
tret together again and fix up another angle
that will satisfy the next crop of "ea»y marks"
who will contribute to the gate receipts. It Is
asserted that Monday night's , gate receipts
amounted to $33.000 — a pretty nice little sum
to cut up among such a swell bunch of fistic
promoters as those who engineered the Gans-
Brltt fiasco.
: Oajia* recent' offer to bet S5000 that he
When the paths of "Bat" Masterson
and "Willis" Britt converge the fur will
surely fly. The former was a famous
gunfighter when the cattle towns of
the border were full of reckless bravos
who valued life lightly. On his trusty
gun are many nicks.
Manager Brltt's deeds of daring are
recorded In the notches on his shillalah.
and while they are not as sanguinary
as those of Masterson they are more
numerous. , Masterson has laid aside
the slxshooter for the typewriter and Is
contributing some sprightly boxing
gossip to the New York Morning Tele
graph.
The Britt-Gans show with specialties
by the "Little SHOEMAKER" and the
actors comes In for the severest criti
cism at his hands. He does not mince
his words, as witness the following:
Famous Border Character, Now a Journalist,
Criticizes Britt-Gans Show.
Clever Steeplechaser Beats Tnorn
liedec in the Feature Race
at Latonia. «
CINCINNATI, Nov. 9. — Ed Cor
rig-an's Charawind, the favorite, cap
tured trie steeplechase from Thorn
hedge in a close finish in the feature
event of a good card to-day at Latonia.
Thornhedge led all the way, Chara
wind" just getting up in time to land
first* money, although he was going
away at the finish. The weather was
clear and the track fast. Summary:
First race, seven furlongs — My Alice won,
Vestry second Rachel Ward third. Time,
1:27%.
Second race, six furlongs — Beautiful and
Beet won, Mabel Winn second, New Amster
dam third. Time. 1:15^4.
' Third race, one mile — Monaco Maid won,
Omela second, Manfred third. Time, 1:41%.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course —
Charawind i won, Thornhedge second. Pick
Time third. Time. 2:59%.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Mcll
valn won Judge Thayer second, Perry Wyckes
third. Time. 1:CO.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Thistledown won. Bernice second. Florl third.
Time. l:47Vi. /
Newton Does, Not Have to Work Hard
to Beat Batler.
LQS AXGELES, Nov. 9. — Newton
was too good for the Portland team
and Los Angeles had no difficulty in
winning. 6 to 3. Portland fielded
loosely at times and Butler was batted
opportunely. Score:
Loe Anreles — Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
nrnrd, cf 5 1 2 0 0 Drnan, cf 4 0 1 1 0
Flood. 2b S 1 2 2 2 Shea, e. . 3 0 0 1 3
Fmith 3b 4 0 O O 1 Ndeau. If 4 0 0 1 0
chance, c 2 1 1 10 0 B*»ck. lb. 4 2 2 9 1
<:rvath,rf 4 O 1 1 I Mrdck. rf 3 0 O 2 «
i'haee. lb 4 O 1 9 4 Rnkle, 3b 4 0 13 1
Ross. If.. 3 1 2 O jOBrymn.2b3 110 1
Toman, s 3 1 O 3 .1! Kelcky. c 3 0 1 5 1
Kewton.p 3 112 2 Butler. p3 0 0 2 3
Total*. 33 6 10 27 141 Totals. 31 3 6 24 10
RUNS AND HITS BT IXNIXGS.
Los Angele* 0O3 2 1000 x— «
Baae hits O2411O11 x— 10
Port U r. i O 2 O 0 O 1 0 0 0—8
Base hlt« O 30101010— 6
SUMMART.
Stolen bas« — Chanre. Errors — Toman. New-
CORRIGAN'S CHARAWIND WINS
BROWNIES LOSE AS USUAL.
"BAT" MASTERSON ON RECENT FIGHT
Time; 1:43. Start fair. Won driving. Winner.
R. T. Wilson Jr.'s br. c. by Lamplighter-
Teasover. Red Fox. Alster. Cottage Maid,
Topic, Raglan. Signet Ring and Reliance fin
ished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; all ages; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Allumeur, 95 (Travers).. 2 11 1 94
9 to 2— Hildebrand. 9S (Hlldbrd) 4 5*4 2 3Va
11 to 5— B«lla x S!gnora. 05 (Crmns) 1 2(4 33
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; maiden fillies
and geldings, twe- year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Istrla 105 (W. Hennessy) 112 12
15 to 1— Ralbert, 106 (H. Cochran) 3 2 2 2 h
7 to 5— My Buela. 100 (Crimmlns) 4 - 3 hi 3 3
Time, 1 :00 4-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Welsman's br. f. by Peep o' Day-Ionls.
Black Cat, Revel, Little Buttercup, Ismallian.
Benlala, Listener, Maid of Timbuctoo, Madam
Satan Edith Brown, Annie Russell. Eucharee.
Maggie Stroup. Charadella and Tallulah fin
ished as named.
Many Eastern Turfmen Are Arriving
Dally and More Are on the
Way Here.
Jockey Eddie Dominick, who scored
a. distinct hit out here some seasons
back when riding for the stable of
Bookmaker Fred Cook, is due to ar
rive to-night. Dominick succeeded in
getting into trouble after leaving Cal
ifornia and for a considerable period
his name was a headliner on the sus
pended .list. Later on he was rein
stated alid now it is said can be relied
upon to do his best at all times. If
Eddie can do 106 pounds as reported
the blonde young man will be kept
busy, for his services will be in de
mand.
Nobody has said a word about
"Kerry Patch" McLaughlln and he
has been here for several days with
hla "tack" and green gloves. Kerry
Patch was out here last year with
Barney Schrieber, but could not con
vince the Jovial Teuton that he was a
rider. McLaughlin does not look un
like BobBy Gaylor and his tenacity
was finally rewarded. He piloted sev
enty-six winners during the St. Louis
racing season and with Gil Summers
to make engagements for him may
eventually climb to_ the top rung of
the ladder.
Starter Dick Dwyer will have for
assistants Morris McKnight and Vin
cent Sn\ith. ' McKnight, who is a
brother of Arthur McKnight, is one
of the most capable men in hin line
of business and is popular with own
ers in general. »
The well known handicapper, Alton
Edom, reached this city from Chicago
yesterday. He is connected with Mar
, cus Cartright. Last season Alton was
out here with Joe Yeager, anj th«
Cincinnati player placed great reli
ance in his judgment and knowledge
of prices.
"Western Al" Smith is back after
a highly successful season on the Chi
cago traqks. Al will race a -select
string during the coming season.
Stlrley Everhard, /,who will t ook out
for Marcus-Cartright's booking inter
ests, is paying his first trip to Califor
nia. /.
Tommy Murphy, the • only recog
nized rival of J. Waldere Kirk, is a
late arrival. Tommy was formerly a
saddle star, but is now a full fledged
bookmaker.
. W. Davis, Dominick, Larsen. Mich
aels, "Handridlng" Kelly, Crosswaite,
Sullivan. Sammy Greenfield, Joe Jones
and McLaughlin are a few of the rid
ers who will sport silk on Saturday.
An erroneous report that the " ad
mission to the tracks this coming sea
son would be $2 has gained consider
able circulation. Secretary Percy
Treat states there was absolutely no
foundation for the rumor, as the gate
fee will be $1 60 for males and Jl for
the gentler sex, the same as last year.
.E. T. Martin, better known possibly
to track goers as "One-Two-Three"
Martin, joined the visiting: colony of
bookies last evening. Martin will
make the weight on Saturday. '.
Donald Mitchell will take another
chance at the game from the block on
Saturday. Mitchell came down from
the Klondike three or -four years ago
$60,000 strong or more. He lost this
amount laying odds here and on th«-
Chicago tracks, but Is again on Easy
street.
"Vicksburg" Wood, after a sharp
tussle with the Chicago end of the
horse situation, is back. He says he
i .finished second. -
LATONIA ENTRIES.
Attacked by Her Landlord.
Mrs. Mary Fisher. 108 Stockton
street, swore to a warrant before Po
lice Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of her landlord, S. P. Blumen
berg. oh a charge 6f battery. She said
there is due Blumenberg $36 for rent,
which she refuses to pay till he repairs
leaks In the roof. He called on her
yesterday morning 1 and demanded the
rent. She told him that the roof had
not yet been repaired and tried to
cl»se the door. He placed his knee
against the door and struck her on the
face, cutting her lip. She also alleges
that he pulled a revolver out of his
pocket and threatened to kill her If
she did not pay the rent. Blumen
berg was arrested and released on $25
cash bail. / : ¦¦;
Expert Still at Work.
Douglas Young, the expert em«
ployed by the Supervisors' Finance
Committee to investigate the ac
counts In the License Office, is still
busily at work. When Tax Collector
6mith informed the committee that
at least five hundred nlckel-In-the-slot
machines are escaping payment of
license taxes the committee directed
Young to ascertain the exact number
upon which no license Is paid. Other
licenses will also receive the atten
tion of Young, notably those of so
licitors, with a view to learning just
how many people are failing to pay
their legal obligations to the city.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 9. — The entries
for .to-morrow's races at Latonia
track follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Winnifr«da
97, Floronlca 102. Owasca 97. Trompeuse 92.
Cyprienne 94. Two Penny 97, Hunter Don 97,
My Jane 104. Goldsplnk 99, Sanctlsslma 97,
Ethel Abbott 06. Llda Lelb 92, Blythness 102
Prince of Ptisan 104.
Second race, one mile, selling — Fugurtha
100. Rachel Ward 90, Benckart 110, Columbia
Girl 104, Blue Grass -Girl 104, Idle 06 Merry
Pioneer . 104. Varro 104, Schoolmate 104 No
weta IH), Shogun 9«, Gus Heidorn 96.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Ethel Day 100. Royal Legend 115. Mum 115.
Trixle White 103, Bouncing BettyMOO. Balance
All 100, Meadowhorri 100, Intense 115, Darthula
ICC. St. Bonnie 100. Trapplst 103.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
purse — Coruscate 107. Varlora W>, Bessie Mc-
Carthy 100, Judge Hlmes 103, Bad News 112.
Hands Across f*7. Sam Craig 103, Just So 96,
Alma Dufour 09.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling — Athlone
10». Glad Smile 100, Determination 104, Dusky
104, Anna Fltzhugh 97. Fade Meny 100. Maggie
Leeber 104. Florence Fonso 104, Bob Franklin
104, Stand Pat 103, Lnnsdown 104, Subador
100. Irby Bennett 112. Vlneland 104.
Sixth race, five furlongs, purse — Free Booter
110. Stearllng Price 101, Saranbla 104. Roscoe
104. Stroud lip, Vic Ziegler 104. John Carroll
101. Merry George 107. The Thrall 104. Scotch
Irish 104, Heidelberg HO. J. B. Smith 104.
An actress may not be an angel her*
self, but she doesn't object to having
one hovering around at times.
It is bootless for a man to have an
aim in life unless he has the ammuni
tion to back it up.
JOCKEY EDDIE DOMINICK
WILL RIDE IN HANDICAP
The regular monthly boxing exhibi
tion of the Hayes Valley Club will take
place to-morrow night at Woodward's
Pavilion. A" programme, consisting of
seven four-round bouts, has been ar
ranged by Matchmaker Billy Roach.
George Sullivan, the star heavy-weight,
will go four rounds with Jim Casey,
the husky longshoreman, In the main
event of the evening. «C
The next millx»f importance will be
the mlx-up between Abe Label and
Johnny Crowe, the two crack bantams.
Frank Mayfleld will take on Gus Salis
bury; Charlie Dunn meets George Cur
ran; Ed Gallitan is billed with Chick
Lawler; Willie Edwards Is matched
with Frank Wells, and Harry Baker
takes on Spider Collins. Billy Roach
will referee all the contests.
Attractive Programme Is Arranged
for Hayes Valley Club's
' Monthly Show.
SULLIVAN AND CASEY
WILL BOX FOUR ROUNDS
Fifth race, one mile, selling— S«ymour 94.
The Huguenot 98, Sir Ship 98. Akela 103.
Homestead 101, Lord Melbourne 98. Palette
90, Brlarthorpe 92. Out of Reach 106. South
Trimble 100. Charter 99, Falrbury 103. Dimple
90. Am-11 Shower 106, Red Knight 112.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — Critical 107, Light Note 110,
St. Margrave 110, Cedarstrom 110. Grand
Duchess 107. Iron Heart 107, Ken 107, Courier
107. La Golden 110. Blue Pigeon 107
Fourth race, one mile, handicap.— Ascension
128. Sidney C. Love 122, Red Knight 112.
Akela 106. Graceful 110. Ocean Tide 116, St.
Valentino 117. Proceeds 102.
Flrft race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, han
dicap—Coy Maid 115. Juvenaga 112. Workman
100, Escutcheon Ho, High Ufe &0. Flyback
104, Critical DS. Carrie Jones 98, Niblick 105.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— St. Roma
104, Sunny Side 104. Belle of Portland 1«H.
Fickle 1O». Rosla Dinhazn 100. CUar the
Arena 104, Moon Daisy 112, Mutiny 112.
Neither One 112. Revane 109, Burdette lot).
Black Socks 104, Step Away 112, Satchell 107,
Princess Athellng lo». Vagary 100.
Third race, seven furlongs, the Nassau han
dicap — Orthodox 110. Little Em 104, Graceful
82. Ocean Tide 100, Crown Prince 98 War
whoop 88, Queen Belte 90.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Aqueduct
track follow:
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles:
Stoney brook Selling Stakes; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 15 — Go Between. 05 (Crtmmns) 6 4 IVil 1
0 to 5— lA>rd Badge. 100 (Travers) 1 2^2 IV,
0 to 2— Thistle Heather. 92Schlng) 3 13 3h
Time, 1:50. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. C. F. Fox's b. g. by Meddler-Indigo. Car
buncle. Brooklynlte and Wire In finished as
named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; purse- for
two- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horsy. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Zeala, 113 (Hildebrnd) 1 12 1 h
7 to 10— Trapper. 116 (Phillips). 6 4 2 2 10
12 to 1— Jen.McCabe.107 (Crmns) 4 6 2 3h
Time. 1:14 1-5. Start good. Won driv.ng.
iWlnner, S. Paget's br. f. by Watercress-
Zeaiandla. Inspiration. Dazzle, Delcanta,
Lonz Dan finished as named.
AQUEDUCT ENTRIES.
SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; for
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 10— Palette. &G (Notter) 1 12 1 l^i
8 to 1— Juv.Maxlm,92 (Schlllng) 3 2 3 2n
0 to 1 — Akela. 105 (Burns) 4 4 10 3 S
Time, Start bad. Won easily. Winner,
Boston Stables' b. f. by Ben Brush-Bonnie
Lee. Prince Salm Palrn, Hatch, Colonsay, Sil
ver Days flrrished as named.
. By the NW York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Cyprtenne, FloronJca,
Owasca.
Second race — Benckart, Columbia
Girl, Blue Grass Girl. \
Third race — Ethel Day. Mum, Royal
Legend.
Fourth race^ — Bad News, Valora,
Coruscate.
Fifth race— Athlene, Determination,
Bob Franklin.
Sixth race — Scotch Irish, J. B.
Smith, Heidelberc.
Condition of the track — Fast.
LATOXIA SELECTION'S.
By the New York Mornlns Telegraph.
First race — Niblick. Coy 3Iaid.
Workman.
Second race— Funnyslde, Princess
Athelinjr, Iiosie Dinhani.
Third racp- — Orthodox, Graceful.
Ocean Time.
Fourth race — Ocean Tide, St.
Valentine, Ascenslbn.
Fifth race — Seymour, The Ilujrue
not, Akela.
Sixth race— Ken, Courier. Light
Xote.
Condition of the track — Muddy?**
AQUEDUCT SELECTIONS.
Stolen bases — Schlafley 2. Casey. Errors —
Franrk* Devereaux, Raymer. Graharh. Two
base hit— Sheehan. First base on errors—Ta
coma 2. First base on called balls— Off Bu
chanan 2. off Overall 1. Struck out — By Bu
chanan 5. by Overall 10. Left on bases — Oak
land 1, Tacoma 4. Double plays — Nordyke
(unassisted); Kruger to Strelb. Sacrifice hits
— Streib, Sheehan. Time of game — One hour
and xs minutes. Umpires — Brown. Mosklman
and Hogan.
FRESNO, Nov. 9.— The Commuters
waded right in and celebrated their,
thirteenth straight victory by beating
the Tigers. 1 to 0, to-day. Captain
Charley Graham lost the game for the
Tigers after two men had been stowed .
away In the last period. Ganley open
ed the round with a single, but Overall
Canned Francks and Dunleavy. Ganley
made a dash for second and Graham
threw the ball away over second base,
letting Ganley tear home with the only ;
run of a sensational contest. j
Both Overall and Buchanan pitched j
magnificent ball from the call of time.
Buchanan' held the Timers undei^ the
spell of his curves and speed in every
inning, and they never had a chance
against him. Umpire Brown was hit in .
the face by a batted ball in the fifth
Inning and had to retire. Doc Moski
man and "Happy" Hogan finished the
game as umpires. The score:
Oakland — I Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R, H. P.A.
Uanly.rf 4 12 1 O'Doyle.rf 3 0 0 10
Fmcks.s 4 0 O 1 2 Fhehn.3b 3 o 2 1 1
Dnlvy.lf. 4 O 0 5 O Casey,2b. 4 0 0 12
gcr.fly.2b S 0 2 3 2 Nrdyk.lb 4 0 0 8 1
Krugr.cf 3 0 0 2 0 Lynch.cf "30000
StreLb.lb 2 0 17 0 Raymer.s 3 0 0 10
Devrx.3b 2 0 0 3 1 McLgn.lf 3 0 0 2 0
Ftark.c. 3 0 0 5 1 Grahm.c. 2 0 0 11 1
Uchnan.p 3 0 0 0 2 Overall.p 3 0 0 11
Totals 28 1 5 27 8 Totals 28 0 2*26 0
•Kruger out for bunting third strike.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—1
Race hits 1 10 0 10 0 1 1—3
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 — 0
Base hits 1 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 — 2
SUMMARY.
Pitchers' Battle.
Fog: and Smoke Put an End to Great
SO RUXXEU CROSSES PLATE.
AB.K. H. P.A. 1 AB.R. H. P.A.
Hllbrd.lf 4 0 0 2 1 V.Hltn.cf 3 0 111
Meany.rf ." •> <» o ttFremn.lb 4 0 0 13 0
Irw in. Sb 2 O O 1 2 I>eihty.:;b 4 0 12 2
V.Hra.lb 4 » Ol! 1 Friek. If. 3 0 0 3 O
Wliir..cf. 3 O 1 1" OBlkr.pp.c 4 0 13 1
Ar.asn.2b 2 «• O 2 2 4 O O 3 «
Wheclr.s 2 O 0 2 5 Hail. t>. 1 3 O 0 1 2
Gorton. c2 0 1 3 1 T>»'.ms.2b 3 0 0 0 4
Oorbett.p 2O016 WiUrr.s.p 30214
Total*. 24 0 2 27 17i Totals. 31 0 5 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
geattle ...•¦ 00000000 0 — O
Base Hits 1O1OO21O O— «
San Francisco ... 00000000 0—0
Base Hits 00000011 0—2
SUMMARY.
Errors — Wbeeler. Irwla. Stolen base? — Van
Haltren 2. Wheeler 2. Blankenship, Irwtn.
Sacrlflce hit* — Corbett. IrW.n. Anderson. First
l>a!=e on errors — Seattle 1. First base on called
b&l'.F — Oflf Corbett 1, off Williams 3. Left on
ba^-s — Pan Francisco 4. Seattle 6. Struck out
—By Corbm 3. by Williams 3. Hit by pitcher
—Frisk. Gorton. Double plays— Hildebrand to
Van Buren. Passed ball — Gorton. Time of
tame — One hour and thirty-five minutes. Um
pire — McDonald'.
and snappy all the time, and some
pretty plays were made. Wheeler got
away with several mean chances, and
both Van Buren and Freeman ate up
all kinds of kinky ones that were toss
ed toward the first cushion. The Seals
had a chance to win out in the eichth,
when Gorton hit. He tried to go down
to second after Smith juggled and was
thrown out. The score:
San Francisco — I Seattle —
The weather was about the right
temperature for a pitcher when time
was called, and therefc-re both Corbett
and Williams had almost everything
stewed away. The batters were help
less on each side. Five times did the
tiiwashes ride on Joe's offerings. The
Seals could r.ot get a hit for six
innings. Waldron broke in with a
Texas Leapuer in the seventh. Gorton
bit off a clean one in the eighth.
Corbett used a slow ball with a big
curve mc-stly, and it was an awful
puzzler to the Slwashes. He had per
fect control, and passed only one man.
Williams walked three, but his bases
on balls did not coun^ for he always
had the next batter on his staff. The
Si washes pave Williams perfect sup
port, while Wheeler and Irwin com
mitted the only •-¦ miscues counted
against the Seals.
The work vf the inneldcrs was fast
Had the smoky masses' and the fog
pyramids kept away from Recreation
Park for a few minutes longer yester
day afternoon there might have been
a winner named. But it was not to
be. and after the Seals and the Si
washes labored for nine innings with
out sending a man across the pan Um
pire Jim McDonald broke the news to
the fans and they went away com
menting on what might have been.
As far as pitchers' "battles go the
game was about the real McCoy; but
outside the work of the rival slab
sters there was nothing much to see.
A straggling hit happened every few
innings, but the base runner invari
ably died on his bug, although each
team had numerous chances to break
un the pame.
Sixty-four of the greatest greyhounds
in America were drawn last night to
compete for the John Grace Challenga
Cup at Union Coursing Park on Satur
day and Sunday. This stake is the
greatest coursing event in the country
and never before in the history of the
sport has such a grand aggregation of
hounds been brought together.
The total prize money to be divided is
13300. The first round of the stake will
be run on Saturday. The big stake
consists of sixty-four entries. The
thirty-two beaten dogs will then meet
in the "purse" stake. The sixteen
beaten dogs in this event will run in
the "plate." Under this arrangement
all but six dogs will earn their entrance
money.
A special train will leave Third and
Townsend streets on Saturday morning
at 11 o'clock. On Sunday special trains
will leave at 10:13, 12:30 and 1:13. The
first round of the big stake and possi
bly the purse event will be run down on
Saturday. The balance of the card will
be completed on Sunday. Inglesida
park will be closed during this meeting.
The draw resulted as follows:
John Grace ChaHenge Qip stake, PA en
tries — L. Corders* Aeolus Vs. Oecrge Nether
cott's Qnita; P. J. Land (names) Haphazard
vs. George Nethercotfs Charter Member:
George Nethercotfs La Rosa vs. L. FUvona't
In Time; T. Jolly's Princess Savoy vs. P. F.
Call-in's Gambit; J. Dennis' The Referee vs.
L. Corder's Car low Boy; T. J. Cronln's Hud
son vs. Dob*rty's Quicksand; C. Sanders'
Muggity ts. J. Dennis' .Renegade Apache; J.
Hanky's J E H vs. J. Dennis' Racing Auto;
George* Macdougalt's Cranberry Sauce vs. H.
Crane's Sir Lip ton; J. II. Kosseter's Rocked
Asleep vs. G. L. Crawford's 'Agile Spurt;
George Macdougall's Kelispel vs. W. Raught'a
Friendless Boy; It. AVaddlngton's Galveatoa
vs. G. Nethercotfs Barge; E. Janlke's Eaglo
Bird vs. M. Plerce's L*ar Gaston; M. Kelly's
Colored Lady vs. H. Waddlnston's Tom King:
\V. Raughts Tlllie R vs. J. Rosseter's Richard
Anton; T. Jolly's Ragged Actor vs. P. Rellly's
Tralee Maid; H. Spring's The Rival vs. P. F.
Callan's Rose of Gold: G. L> Crawford's Rac
tor vs. J. H. Rosseter's McVey; W. Raught's
Belle Free vs. E. Grimm's Miss Lucille; W.
Kaught's Mickey Free vs. T. J. Mclnern«>'s
HumboldL; J. H. Rosseter's Rocker Arm \».
R. Moreffead's New Home Boy: P. Relll>'»
Tralee Lass vs. E. Scott's Pomona: J. Grace
(nam's) Doc Burns vs. O. L. Crawford's Tom
Hooker: F. Cushing (ruuneA) Little Plunger \».
D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy; W. Richard's
Runaway Actress vs. P. Rellly's The Duke;
P. Lands (names) Orsina vs. P. F. Callatl's
Honest John: E. Scott's Panache vs. J.
Sweeney's Belle Marie: J. Dennis' Sherman vs.
George M.-\cdouga!l's Wild Turkey: L. Cordes*
Lost Chord vs. \V. Gretchen's Rich Array: G.
Perry's Vina vs. J. O' Shea's Toung Fearless:
P. Reilly's Duhallow vs. Knight & Kemp's
Graf ton: G. Green's Lucy Clands vs. W.
Raught's Valley Pride.
FORM AS FIGURED
BY THE CLOCKERS
\Y. L-Pcl.l W. L-Pct
Oakland 05 4O .57? Peattl* 46 47.495
Tacoma ZX 42 .55* Han Fran....4« 49 .449
Los Ar.geles.49 3a .SSTlVortland ....33 .2->->
ten. Shea, Runkle 2. tlome run— Beck. Two
base hit — Kellackey, Cravath, Newton. Sacri
fice hit — Newton. First base on errors — Los
Angeles 1. Left on bases — Los Angeles S,
P&rtland 3. Bases on balls — Oft Newton 2. off
Dutler 4. Struck out — By Newton 9. by But
ler 2. Time of , game — One hour and forty
minutes. Umpire — Perrlne.
It was a day of "good things," begin
ning with Bank, trained by Regan,
and ending with Alleumeur, trained by
T. J. Healey. The victory of Zeala
helped the bookmakers because most of
the shrewd ones argued that as she is a
full sister to Waterboy, she is not a
mudder. This notion was dispelled to
a great extent, for, though the favorite,
Trapper, ran her to a head and was
undoubtedly gaining on her all
through the last furlong, Zeala had
plenty of early speed. Trapper came
from six lengths behind Zeala and
really ran a better race than she did.
The only stake of the day was the
Stonybrook, which was won by "Char
ley" Fox's Go Between, by a few
inches. It was a clear case of the sec
ond best horse winning, as Lord Badge
had the race in hand. If Travers had
ridden with a little more vigor he
would have saved. the race for Oliver's
horse. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Seven furlong*; handicap;
for all aces:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Bank, 105 (Travers) 3 4 3 lh
W 3 to 2— Monet, 118 (Gannon)... 1 3h 2 #
11 to &— Koscbeni 122 (Martin)... 2 2h Si!
Time, 1:2S. Start coud. Won driving. "\VJn
ner, MUltown Stables' ch. c by Inspector B-
Landslip. Jerry C, New York finished as
named. . .
AQUEDUCT, Nov. 9.— Mud horses
were in demand to-day. .Trainers liv
ing at Sheepshead Bay were surprised
to see the condition of the track as
there was no mud at the Bay.
STA>U!Xa OF THE CX.UBS,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 9.—
The last secret practice of the year
closed to-night, and to-morrow after
noon the varsity football team will go
through an open practice before the
whole student body c-f the university.
Then for the first time the public will
know how this year's team compares
with thoae of former years. Line-buck
ing and ground-gaining ability cannot
be told from mere signal practice, but
with new formations getting off In
rapid succession the Stanford eleven
ought to be able to make good gains
on next Saturday. Friday the team
will be given a complete rest, but will
not be left to their own amusements.
A 'bus will take them up into the
mountains, where they will be given
a gc-od dinner and returned to the
campus in the evening. To-morrow's
open practice will be a sort of rally for
the rooters. The band will be out and
the enthusiasm of 1000 studeifys will,
have full sway.
To the delight of Coach Lanagan the
heavy scrimmage work of the past two
evenings has nut resulted In one seri
ous injury. Every man seems to be in
perfect trim, and the fear that there
would be a slump this week has entire
ly passed away. There will probably
be no changes in the line-up, although
either West or Stanford may beat
Smith out for end at tne last minute.
Right end will be a ticklish position on
the Stanford team in- the intercollegi
ate game, for It is around that point
that the fast Snedigar is counted upon
to make great gains. Coach Lanagan,
in anticipation of this, has spent a
great deal of time in teaching the four
candidates for that position. While the
place is still open, tnere is so little
choice between the men that the se
lection of any one will not weaken the
team.
•'The style of play that will be used
in the intercollegiate contest is a secret
which neither the coaches nor the men
will give out. It is probable, how
ever, that little else than straight line
bucking football tactics will be used.
Line bucking seems the strong fea
ture of the cardinal eleven, and it
will take a strong team to withstand
the incessant poundings of Weller,
Dole and Chalmers. The two tackles,
Sprott and Shields, will be counted on
to carry the ball for gains.
Sprott will kick off for Stanforckand
will kick the goals if the cardinal
eleven is fortunate enough to push the
ball over for a touchdown. Dole, while
not the equal of Heitmuller in practice,
wilt do all the punting. He may be
counted on for a drop kick or two if
the ball gets down to the thirty-yard
line. Although Dole is not a great
punter in practice, he has a peculiar
habit of improving wonderfully in a
contest, and averages at least ten
yards farther than at other times.
Barring rain the California field
should prove favorable to the Stanford
eleven. Trained all year on a soft,
sawdust gridiron, the cardinal will be
unusually fast on the hard ground at
Berkeley. The men are so well train
ed that the hard surface is not likely
to Injure them. Rain v/ould favor
neither team, while it would slow up
the game considerably.
Union Coursing Park Will
Be Scene of Great Sport
on Saturday and Sunday
Howard, at end, will probably be all
right for the game, despite his attack
of measles last Saturday. He is out,
but has not done any practice work
since Saturday.
Yell Leader Bulkeley and his cohorts
promise some of. the finest exhibitions
of yelling and chorus singing ever
heard at an intercollegiate game. Blue
and gold megaphones for all rooters
will "help some," and blue and gold
bands on the sleeve of each rooter will
provide additional color.' There will be
new yells and songs, calculated to cheer
the blue and gold men on to victory.
Sperry, the freshman, may have to
be taken from full because of the injur
ies to the halves, and put back at half,
leaving Lasater to play the fullback
position alone.
BERKELEY, Nov. 9.— Hard luck
seems to have perched on the banners
of the blue and gold football team this
year. Accidents to players are coming
so thick and fast that no man is able
to tell with just what measure of
strength California will go into the
game with Stanford on Saturday.
Ned White, right halfback, sprained
his ankle so badly last night that he
was not able to take part in the prac
tice to-day, and he may not be able to
play at all. Kerr, the big freshman
who made such a good showing in the
freshman game, injured his hip Mon
daj>-in a scrimmage, and he, too, did
not take part in the practice work last
night or to-day. Stern is kept out of
the line-up by measles. Gray and
O'Toole were £he only ones left to line
up in the guard positions today.
Snedigar, the veteran" halfback star
of the team, wrenched his knee last
night. He injured the same member
early In the season, but had recovered,
apparently, and rounded to in good
shape. This recent injury is' causing
the coaches more worry than any other
feature of the team's condition^
Mead, halfback, has been playing
with splints on his hands, while Whit
man, who was a candidate for quarter,
has finally had to take to crutches. He
is completely out of-it.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Go- Between Captures Stony brook Handicap
BUCHANAN HERO OF THE DAY
EVERY DOG IS A STAli
Graham Throws Wide to Sec
ond in Last Inning.
Cardinal Eleven Ready
for Final Secret
Signal Work,
Snedigar's Injury May
Rob California of
Victory.
Jolin Grace Challenge Cup
Brings Out Entry List
That Breaks All Keeords
Zeala/ Full Sister of ¦ the Mighty
i Waterboy, Is a Surprise.
Several Kickers Crippled
FATE ASSAILS BERKELEY
BETTING COUPS SUCCEED
AT AQUEDUCT TRACK.
COMMUTERS SCORE ONE
AND VICTORY IS THEIRS
GREAT HOUNDS
TO BE SLIPPED
OAKLAND'S VICTORIOUS CAREER IN THE PENNANT RACE SECURES ITS LEAD OVER TACOMA
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
Two-thirds ofthediKnlty'we encoun
ter in our dally walks Is merely bluff.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wheeling, W. Va., May 28, 1903.
Some years ago trhile at work, I fell
over a truck and severely injured both
of ray shins. My blood became poisoned
as a result, and the doctor told me I
would have running sores for life, and
that if they were healed up the result
would be fataL Under this discouraging
report I left off their treatment and re-
eorted to the use of S. S. S. Its effects
¦were proaipt and gratifying. It took
only a short while for the "medicine to en-
tirely cure up the sores, and I am not
dead as the doctors intimated, nor have
the sores ever broke out again. Some 12
years have elapsed since what I have de-
scribed occurred. Having been 60 signally
benefittedbyitsuse I can heartily recom-
mend it as the one great blood purifier.
John W. Fcndis.
Care Schmulback Brewing Co.
Chronic sores start often from a pim-
ple, scratchy bruise or boil, and while
salves, washes and powders are beneficial,
the unhealthy matter in the blood must
be driven out or the sore will continue
to eat and spread. S. S. S. reaches
.these old sores through the blood, re-
moves all impurities and poisons, builds
up the~ entire system and strengthens
the circulation. S. S. S. is a blood
purifier and tonic combined. Contains
S/5Th» >?5fc, no m^ ncra l what-
SrT ' |fr » teed purely veget-
v - Vm. & ble. If you have
wa. \9k aQ old sore write
us and our physi-
Y5jfc \b dans will advise
t\Jza HhJ9 Book on diseases
IBjZ-^By of the Blood free.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.
' AjyERTISEMEXTWt. A.
¦IIIIIBIIIIllIBIIIieil«»IIINIIlBlllllBIIIU
! FREE TO MEN![
a A BOOK FULL OF FACTS ABOUT a
at . : B
I Dr.- Mclaughlin's Electric Belt for Weak Men |
U I KNOW THAT NO MAN REMAINS A WEAKLING BECAU8E HE WANTS H
n TO: I am sure that you want to overcome every Indication of early decay that has n
— shown Itself on you. I don't think the man lives who would not like to feel as big ¦¦
¦ and strong as a Sandow, and I know that If you have a reasonable foundation to H
Q build upon I can make you a blRRer man than you ever hooed to be. I want you H
m to know that, you who "can't believe It. and I want you to have my book. In which n
jS ' I describe how I learned that manly strength was only electricity and how I learned 5!
g* to restore it: also I want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you that ™
¦ ¦ when they came to me tb«y were physical wrecks and are now among th« finest H
Bi specimens of physical manhood. . * m
1 A KJPPY MAN. m
a ¦ MENLO PARK. CaJ nl
2 DR. M. C. McLAUGHLJN— Dear Blr: After my Ion* and fruitless search for r«- £;
¦ lief. I assitre you that I have been very asreeably surprised « the result* of the ™
I ¦ use of your Belt. I did not expect such a speedy cure, fcr I have been wearln- BJ
|g the Belt barely two months, and I am not only relieved of all the pain my rhnniu* B
n t-ism gave me. but am feelinj? young araln. I stneerely h"pe that every human S
£ being will discover your treatment as I did. before It ts too late. Tout* v»ry trulr n
S DANIEL FAHNKSTOCK. H
EH I want you to read this book and learn the truth about my argument*. If you **
Q are not as vigorous as you would like to be, if you have rheumatic pains, weak W
gg kidneys. Joss of vitality, prostatlc troubles, nervous spells, varicocet* or any aliment ' B
?a of that kind that unmans 1 you. It would assure you futur? happln»f>« If you would m
S look Into this method of mine. Don't delay It, your best days are slipping by. If you m
~J want this book I send It closely sealed, free. If you send this ad. Coll for free con- ™
O sultatlon. ¦ . . Q\
g dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 111 " * T
H ¦ ' O*fice Hoiin — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. mMemoranda.
Per schr H C.Wright— Oct 23, lat 32 N, long
144 W, carried away the fore gaff by vessel
rolling heavily. .-.:-¦¦¦'. , .
Captain Kirk wood and crew of wrecked Btmr
Mlneola arrived on stmr Manchuria. ¦
• SEATTLE, ". Nov. ft— U^S stmr Wyomlns; ran
•ground near Bremerton this murnlnjc.'
Fatal Accident to P. A. Reger.
Coroner Leland waa notified yester
day; of the death of P.' A.. Rearer, at
his residence, .4062 Nineteenth street,
last Tuesday night. • The cause of
death* was "given as traumatic ' men
ingitis. Last Thursday Mr. Reger;ac
cldentally struck his head against a
door. Meningitis : resulted . from the
Injury.. He was a traveling salesman.
They Will Examine the Passenger
Boats in the Harbor to Note
- . Their General Equipment.
Admiral. Kemp and Secretary Met
calf of : the Department of Commerce
and Labor will proceed this morning
to investigate the conduct of the
United "States Local Inspectors of
Stcani Vessels. They will visit many
vessels in the harbor and will satisfy
themselves by personal inspection
whether they are equipped and man
aged In accordance with the law. Cap
tains O. F. Bolles and John K. Bulgrer,
United States Local. Inspectors, will
accompany the party.
Captain Bulger Bald yesterday that
he would do all in his power to assist
Admiral Kemp and " Secretary Metcalf
in their labors and that he had every
confidence that . .they would find the
¦work of the local office satisfactory.
SECRETARY MfcTCALP AND
ADMIRAIi KEMP WORKING
The Doric's Cargo.
Tt« steamer Doric sailed ' yesterday for
Hongkong and way ports via Honolulu with a
general merchandise cargo, valued at $514,310,
exclusive of treasure, and to be distributed as
follows: For Japan. 1230,927; China, $1U4,51O;
Philippine lelands, |107,563; East _Jndles,
$l»ltf; Korea, S1621; bouth Africa. J0M; lilwn,
»l-v. The following ware the leading exports:
To Japan — 1303 rolls 14 cs leather, 115 flasks
quicksilver, Ihil bales cotton, 5100 kegs
naUa. Hi* bdU 987 pea suel. 887,608 lbs Un
plate, tSH4 lbs sheet lead. Ca pkgs machinery,
255 pkgs bicycles and parts. 142 bdls pipe, 675
bbls Sour. 742 lbs cheese, &00 cs canned sal
mon, -0 pkgs fresh fruits, 3S9 os assorted
canned goods, 61 cs whisky, 950 lbs raisins,
'Mo lbs codfish, 253 lbs ham and bacon, 3d pkgs
groceries and provisions, 14,240 lbs sugar, 2tc-.j
sals wine, 61 18 Iba dried fruit, 130 cm table
preparations. 275 lb« butter, 400 lb* hops, 45
pkgs electrical • supplies, 80 pkgs dry goods, S2
cs boots and shoes, 14 bales duck, 11 cs drugs.
To China— "0W bbls flour, 14,b25 lbs ginseng,
8479 lbs beans, 4C0 pkgs fresh fruits, 1C2S lbs
ham and bacon, 23 cs bread, 2000 lbs' oleo
margarine, feO5 cs assorted canned roods, 275
cs canned salmon, 11,221 lbs cheese, 6700 lbs
codfish, 650 lbs 11 cs dried fruit. 33 cs table
preparations, 5 cs liquors, 20,210 lbs pearl bar
ley. 14,ttl2 lbs dried fish, 680 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 800 lbs raisins, 30 pkgs pota
toes, 120 casks beer. 6694 lbs tobacco, 2 pkgs
electrical supplies, 4 pkgs machinery, 5 pkgs
flry goods.
To Philippine Islands— 780 bbls flour, 280
pkgs fresh fruits. 204 gals M0 os whisky. 193
gals 20 cs liquors, 6 ca wlne> 4685 cs assorted
canned goods, &0 cs fruit Juico, 47S bales hay.
84 cs meals. 2080 lbs dried fruit. 6600 lbs cod
fish. 1650 lbs bread. 25 cs salad olL 102 ca
table preparations, 86,441 lbs lard. 250 lbs
raisins, 10.865 lbs ham and bacon, 240 bbls
beer. &0 pkgs past*, 60 bales cotton. 0450 lbs
copper. 25 pkgs wagon material, 16Q pkgs
tank material. 72 pkgs electric*! supplies, 808
pkgs paper, 6 pkga dry roods, 771 pkgs ma
chinery, 10 rolls leather, 18 cs dross, - 23 pkgs
A General Carjro for London.
The British ship Chelmsford was cleared yes
terday for London with 74,294 cs canned fruit,
S16] cs canned salmon. 1504 cs canned vege
tables, 20,411 ctls barley. t&75 gals 64 cs wine
671.728 lbs pig lead. 4CM3O lbs caacara sagrada.
48 cs eheep dip and 55 pkgs household goods
valued at {31&.764. Also 80,000 ft lumber as
dunnage, valued at (&40.
ARRIVED,
Wednesday, Nov 9
Stmr Iaqua, Joncensen, 60 hours from Port
land.
Stmr National City, Hammtr, 13 hours from
Fort BragK.
Stmr Acme, Reed, 40 hours from Baa Pedro
Stmr Newbur*. Anflndsen, 97 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coos Bay, Leland, 64 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Stmr Manchuria, Saunders, 29 days from
Honskonsr, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hon
olulu 6 days.
St;»ir Homer. Donaldson, 38 \ hours from ' Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Celia, Smith, 20 hours from Albion
Bark Olympic, Evans, 17 day« from Hono
lulu.
' Brig: Galilee, Hayes, 43 days from Apia.
Schr H C WriKht. Nielsen, 21 days from
Mahukona.
CLEARBD.
Wednesday. Nov. 8,
Stmr State of California, Nlcotson, San Di
ego; Pacific COast Steamship Company.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Company.
Stmr Enterprise, Younnrren, Hilo; J D
Ppreckels & Broa Co.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong: and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu: Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company.
Br ship Chelrasford, Burd, London; O W
McNear.
Br ship Kensington, Borland, Queenstown:
J J Moore & Co.
Br bark Weathersfleld, Cooper, Tkemantle*
J J Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, Kor. 0.
Stmr Eureka, lessen. Eureka.
Btmr Arctic. Nelson. Eureka.
Br atmr Doric, Smith, Honolulu, Yokohama
and H on git ong.
Etmr Iaqua, Jorsreneon, Ban Pedro.
Btmr Acme, Reed, Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Rllefeen, Fort Brags.
Stmr Jeanie. Bartlett, Seattle.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Botlna*.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega,
Schr J M Weatherwax. Backman, Grays
Harbor. • /
DIED.
On board brie Galilee, Oct 6 — Martin Mar.
tlneon, lat 18 N.long 171 SO W; age 23; native
of Norway; buried at sea same day.'
TELEGRAPHIC. '
POINT 1OBO6, Nov 9, 10 p m— Weather
dear and calm. ; - ¦
\ DOMESTIC PORTB.'
KUREKA— Arrived Nor 8— fitmr IToto.
hence Nor 7; stmr Ban Pedro, heno« Wot T.
Balled Not 8 — Stmr San Gabriel, for San
Pedro. Not 9 — Schr Bertie Minor, for San
1 Pedro. •
Sailed Nov 0— Stmr Pasadena, for San Fran
clsoo; schr Bertha Dolbeer, for Ban Dtegot
¦ttnr Pomona, for San Francisco. ¦¦-
UMPQ.UA RIVER— Arrived Nor 7— Bohr
Lily, henos Oct 80. - .
KBDONDO — Arrived Not 9 — Stmr South
A Careo for Australia,
The British bark Weathenfield was cleared
for Fremantle, Australia, yesterday with 200
cs canned salmon. 13.440 ctls barley, '483,540 ft
lumber and 1W5O doors, valued at $39,089. The
Uurk also carried 10.000 ft of lumber aa dun
ii&ce. valued at $120.
Bay. from San Pedro and called for San Pedro;
schr Crescent, from Portland. ,
Sallod Nov 0— Schr Minnie A Calne, for Port
Townsend.
COOS BAY — Arrived Nov 9-*Btmr Alliance,
from Portland.
Sailed Nov S — Stror Arcata, for San Fran
cIbco. • ¦
ASTORIA — Arrived • Nov 9 — Stmr Aurelia.
hence Nov 6.
Sailed Nov 0 — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cleco; stmr Rosecrans, for San Frsnclsco
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 9. 4 a m—
Btmr Bonlta.' for San Francisco.
BEATTLB— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Queen,
hence Nov 6.
Sailed Nov 9 — Stmr Umatllla, for San Fran
cisco. . •.
TATOORH ISLAND— Passed in Nov 8 — Br
ship Strathdon. hence Oct 31 for 'Port Town
send. • . , •.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 9— Schr Ad
miral, from Port Hadlock; bktn Kllkitat, from
Port Ludlow.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 9— Schr Ameri
cana, from Port Blakeley: stmr Jas 8 Hlgr
gin», hence Nov 7; stmr Alcazar, from Green
wood; schr Melrose, from Columbia River.
Sailed Nov 9 — Bktn Chas F Crocker, for
Port Townwend; stmr Northland, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Balled. Nov 9— Schr Mar
coni, for San Francisco. "
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 9— Bark Al
bert from Port Townsend.
SANTA BABBARA— Sailed Nov 9— Stmr Bo
nita, for San Pedro: stmr. Santa Rosa, for
San Francisco. '*"':>¦¦¦ " • ¦
PORT BLAKELET — Arrived Nov 9 S«hr
John G North, from Port Gamble.
WINSLOW — Sailed Nov 9_g c hr W L Smith,
for Everett.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sallod Nov • 8— Bark
Wrestler, for Santa Rosalia.
¦ Arrived Nov 9 — Schr Metha Nelson, hence
Oct 29. - ¦ • ¦¦¦¦--¦
ISLAND PORTS
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov &—u S stmr
Eherman, hence Nov 1 ¦ for Manila and Guam
Bailed Nov' 9 — Stmr Alameda. for San Fran
cisco. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOJ1— Sailed Nov Br etmr EIlerle. for
Portland.' ¦ '
ADELAIDE — Arrived Nov 8 — Br bark Pas*
of Lemy. from Port Ludlow.
UA.DYSMITH— Sailed- Nov 8— Br stmr "Weli
lineton.- for San Francisco. •
VICTOniA — Arrived Nov 9 — Br stmr ¦ Em
preps of China, from Hongkong.
TABLE BAT — Arrived Nov 9 ItaJ bark
Gaetano Casabona. from Sydney.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed . Nov 0— Stmr Kor«a,
for Ban Francisco. .
IQUIQUE— 8all»d Nut 9 — Schr Alumna, for
Honolulu. . - v - ¦¦ ., •"-¦.,
SHIPPING INTEIililGENCE.
Shipment of Wheat.
The British ship Kensington was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 61,
416 ctls wheat, valued at $89,053. and 20 OO0
ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $350
Sbarboro and Jennings Also Visit Ital
ian Embassador and Two Cabinet
Officers at Washington.
Among the first to be received by
President Roosevelt .."on the morning
after his election were Andrea Sbar
horo, chairman of the California Pro
motion Committee, representing the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation of San Francisco, and Rufus P.
Jennings, executive officer of the com
mittee, representing the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce on the commit
tee. The California Promotion Com
mittee Wednesday received a telegram
to this effect: "After leaving the White
House Messrs." Sbarboro and Jennings
lunched with the Italian Embassador.
Des Planches, at the embassy,
and several- distinguished diplomats
were present During their visit to
Washington they have also conferred
with Paul Morton, Secretary of the
Navy, and William H. Taft, Secretary
ol War, regarding the use of prunes
aud raisins as a ration in the army and
navy and on Indian reservations. The
matter is now being taken up with the
subsistence department. An order
may be issued to include these valu
able California products In the army
and -navy rations." . . v> v '•¦.¦-'
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Acamas U chartered for
lumber from Eureka, to United Kingdom, and
the bark Olympic returns to Honolulu with
general cargo.
The BritUh ships Matterhorn and Inverclyde
and the French b&rk Marguerite Mirabaud
will proceed to Australia In ballast.
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
OFFICERS SEE PRESIDENT
XEWS OP THE OCEAN.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10. -
Sun rises 7777777!" ~ nTIa
Sun sets g:~.
Moon sets '.*7:*57**p'. 'm~.
S I 1 " 1 ™' ™ I 1 "" 1 " '""•I Time!
LkzJ^ MniM 'M Ft -
1? v$\ a ii bhsi a islsis
J| » *6 4.7 gHg 3.2! 2:24 4.8 SlStf «1
13 4:45 4.7 »:.?7l .1.2 3:24 4 4 10-14 OK
14 8:38 4.7 11:021 S.I 4 85 4 0 11 0 9
15 I 6:27| 4.s!l2:l-l 2.9| 5:47 3.9Jli : r,8 1.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tld««
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th*
day, except when there are but three tides as
*^m lme ? occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is th« mean
of the lower low waters..
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U S N Mer
chants' Exchange, , San Francisco Cal
November 9 1004 ', '
The Time Bail on 'the tower of the Ferry
building-was dropped exactly «t noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Georsrr Hadovleh Trios to End His
Ufe by Suii-ide Over Imaginary
Troubles.
George Radovich, one of the propri
etors of a restaurant at 108 Flllmore
street, made a mad jump yesterday
afternoon . from the roadway at the
Cliff House over the face of the sharp
edged rocks facing the ocean. He
miscalculated the distance between
the place from which he Jumped to
the water and as a consequence land
ed between two .projecting 1 cliffs from
where he was rescued by the com
bined exertions of Policeman H. M.
X«vy and Dr. Charles Millar of the
Park Emergency Hospital. ¦
The shock he received had the ef
fect of curing all the ideas he had
conceived of ending his life. . ,
Financial difficulties over his inabil
ity to either sell. out or buy his part
ner's interest in the restaurant, with
an . overindulgence in wine Is what
turned Radovich's mind.
ADMINISTRATORS* ACCOUNT. — Th«
fourth annual account of the administrators
of the estate of George T. Reynolds wu filed
yesterday, showing receipts during; th« year
of $70,362 94 and expenditures of $52.(Kk>,
leaving a balance on hand of S1S.304 65.
MAKES MAD JUMP OVER
ROCKS AT THE CIrfFF
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 9.— While es
corting two prisoners whom he had
arrested at Kenwood to the County
JaiU this morning. Sheriff Frank F.
Grace found himself in an unusual pre
dicament. He was forced to look down
the muzzle of a rifle in the hands of
one of his prisoners, and listen to the
demands of the men for his money and
a revolver which they knew the Sheriff
carried. - v ¦¦ '¦' ¦
Last nigrht a saloon on' the Sonoma
road near this city was robbed, and
William Cameron and Charles j Cor
men were wanted for the crime. Grace
went to Kenwood on the mornintr
Southern Pacific train and at that
place the youthful culprits attempted to
board the train. '. In order to take the
boys to the saloon they had robbed
for identification, Grace hired a vehicle
and driver to return to this city. 'When
near the city limits Grace permitted
Cormen to alight momentarily from
the vehicle and the prisoner took ad
vantage of the opportunity to run.
Grace fired three shots »in the air "to
frighten- the culprit, and then jumped
to the ground in pursuit of the pris
oner, leaving the second man in the
wagon with the driver. The Other
prisoner picked up a rifle which had
been taken from him and which lav
on the bottom of the vehicle and started
in pursuit of the prisoner. .
When Sheriff Grace came up the
creek bank without the first prisoner
who escaped, he looked Into the muzzle
of the rifle held in the hands of his
prisoner. He was dumf ounded ; and
argued with the prisoner, asklne him
to lower the gun. Finally in fancied
security Cameron started to walk
away, when William Murphy and John
Underhlll came -to the scene attracted
by the shots flred by the Sheriff. See
ing he was pursued Cameron flred two
shots at. Sheriff Grace ,and one each
at the other men. ainrphy returned
Kteam Schooner Association.
Articles of Incorporation were filed yester
day by the Steam Schocner Managers' Asso
ciation, which states its purpose to be to
••advance th* Interest* of Its merr.bere and
b*i*efit the Paciflr Coast chipping trade; u»
control and manager the business of chipping,
*mployir.g and paying seamen and other em
ployee and tb*> general operation of a chip
ping office. The incorpcrators. well known
ship owners, are as follows : Robert Dollar of
Fan Rafael. W. G. Tibbette of Alameda,
Thorns* Pollard of San Francisco. George D.
tiray «.f <'nV.\xnt, J. R. Har.'.fy of Hjugallto.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Water Front Xotes.
The brig Galilee came In port yesterday from
a cruise among the South Pacific islands, with
a cargo of i'95 tons of copra. Captain Hayes
reports unusually bad weather and th« loss of
several sails in the gales that beat down on
the llttlt vessel.
It is reixjrted that the British bark Pass
of Leny, from Port Ludlow, put Into Adelaide
in a wrecked condition. She had passed
through a severe gale with the loss of yards,
sails and rigging.
1 he echooner H. C. Wright arrived yester
day frrm the Hawaiian Islands. October 23
she encountfred a storm that carried away the
foregan*. and did other damage to the vessel.
Tho Pa< itic Mail freighter Aztec is sched
uled to arrive about next Sunday with a cargo
of coal. After discharging she will Immedi
ately begin loading a cargo for, Japanese ports.
The sailing of the steamer Breakwater has
bet-n postjjoned to Saturday at 5 p. m.
The chip Shenandoah came over from Sau
aalito to pier 4, where she Is having a new
mast Btpjpijfcd.
All the Redstaek towboats yesterday had
their coiors at half mast In memory of th«
late "Captain Bill" Deitericksen.
San, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
, Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front <Misslon-9treet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of. tide Is the same at both places.
ROBBERS HOLD
UP A SHERIFF
the fire with a rifle and finding himself
out of ammunition, Cameron surren
dered.
On the boys were found more than
120, a gold watch, two rifles and other
property stolen from the saloon man.
They are believed to be horse thieve3
who have been operating In this vicin
ity and Mendoclno County many
months. Neither Is more than 17 years
of age. Cameron has established a
reputation to-day as being a youth of
desperate character.
Supervisors' Street Committee Agrees*
on .Method to Improve Street
Railway Service.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday referred to the City Attor
ney all the questions raised by E.IP.
E. Troy as tb the alleged forfeiture of
franchises on various streets by the
United Railroads owing to non-user
in order to have the matter legally
determined by the courts if. that
course is deemed necessary-
The 2 committee decided that it
would be necessary to pass ordinances
covering the many reforms which
Troy desires to Introduce in the ser
vice of the street railways. Troy
wanted regulations as to speed and
the installation of proper life guards
on cars to prevent frequent accidents.
Troy agreed to prepare an ordi
nance requiring the cars to be cleaned
periodically as a sanitary precaution
and the committee will take It under
consideration.
The proposed ordinance making it
unlawful for any person operating an
automobile to drain oil from the
crank case or gear case of the ma
chine on the public streets was taken
under advisement.
The committee reported in favor of
an ordinance prohibiting the distribu
tion of. circulars or books containing
immoral or obscene literature.
CITY ATTORNEY TO PASS
OX tX>RFEITED FRANCHISES
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
At the regular meeting of the Board of Har
bor Commissioners yesterday afternoon a com
munication was received from the Vallejo,
Benicia and Napa Railroad Company asking
for more wharf epace. The company states
that it has made a contract with the Montecello
Steamehip Company to handle the railroad
business here and that the present accommo
dations on pier 2 being inadequate, it asks
to be aligned to the berth on Clay street,
now occupied by the steamer H. J. Corcoran.
The board reiused to make the change.
The abandonment of the Second street car
frrry slip and the change to the ferry slip. In
Central Basin have made it necessary to es
tablish a new ferry fairway 'in that 'locality.
The secretary of -the board was directed to
consult with the United States Coast and
Geodetic survey en the matter.
Another large and handsome building
Will soon be In process of construction
on Geary street, opposite Union Square.
The plans have been prepared by Reid
Brothers, and excavation on the pro
posed site Is now going on. The build
ing will be the property of Miss Mary
E. Kohl and will cost about $100,000.
The plans are for an. -eight-story
building, with a frontage of 50 feet, and
a depth of 80 feet. The ground floor
will be occupied by stores and the up-
per stories will be devoted to offices.
The front of the structure will be built
entirely of stone and the structure will
add to the beauty of the neighborhood.
As yet the lower floor has not been
leased, but the upper floors will be oc
cupied as soon as the building is com
pleted. The contractors expect to have
the building ready for occupancy about
the end of May of the coming yefcr.
The material is all at hand and work
will not be .delayed.
C. R. Johnson of Fort Bragg and Robert H. S
Wayne of Alameda.
HANDSOME EIGHT-STORY BUSINESS BLOCK SOON TO BE ERECTED ON THE
• SOUTH SIDE OF UNION SQUARE FOR MISS MARY E. KOHL, OWNER. AT
A COST OF » 10O, COO. i
Molra M. Spencer, a first cousin of
Herbert Spencer, the "famous English
philosopher, died suddenly yesterday
morning of heart disease In his resi
dence. 910 Powell street, where he con
i ducted a small stationery store. Mr.
; Spencer was 70 years old and was the
son of a California pioneer. His father,
a brother of Herbert Spencer's father,
took Molra to the United States when
I the lad was not more than 1 or 2
(years old. The deceased had many
;. friends In this city and was a diligent
i student.
He was a devout churchman, and in
speaking of him yesterday the Rev.
David Evans, rector of Grace Church,
said:
Mr. Sr*ncer was In church last' Sunday and
took • communion. He was absolutely regu
lar In his attendance, never having mlased one
single early celebration,- at 8 o'clock, since
I came here six months ago. • .
He was a great athlete notwithstanding his
70 years, and had a gymnasium at his resi
dence, wher* he delighted in the practice of
muscular exercise.
Mr. Spencer took the most enthusiastic In
terest In the welfare- of San Francisco. -.In
his conversation he ¦jvas-j ardent In «hls . ad
vocacy of pure, civic government. He wag a
busy student and he held to his unpretentious
pbnde in the hope • that one day he might
realize what he Judged was Its value.
"William H. Holt, organist at Grace
Church, said Mr. Spencer was in hla
choir at the Church of the Advent fif
teen years ago, and when Holt later
changed to Grace Churcn Spencer fol
lowed him and had . been a constant
worshiper there ever since. He would
never leave the church until the last
note on the organ was sounded.
VENERABLE RELATIVE OF FA
MOUS BRITISH PHILOSOPHER.
WHO DIED HERE YESTERDAY.
TO ARRIVB.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Blliabeth Coquilla Rlvsr Nov. 10
Chico Coqullla Rlrer Nov. 10
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nor. 10
C. Nelson Seattle &. Tacoma. Nov. 10
Ammon Seattle Nov. 10
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 10
Columbia Portland 9c Astoria Nov. 10
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Nov. 10
Santa Rosa. , San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 10
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 10
Argo Eel River Ports Nov. 10
Northland.... San Pedro Nov. 10
Chohalis Grays Harbor Nov. 11.
W. Kruger... Humboldt Nov. 11
North Fork. . Humboldt Nov. 11
Coptic....... China & Japan Nov. 11
Aztec Kobe Nov. 12
Barracouta. . New York via Ancon.. Nov. 12
Bonlta, Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 12
Umatllla. .... Pugct Sound PorU. . . . Nov. 12
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 12
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor Nov. 13
1 Corona Humboldt Nov. 13
S. Monica Grays Harbor Nov. 13
Redondo Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 18
.Arctic Humboldt Nov. 13
Centra.ua San Pedro Nov. 14
S Barbara.." San Pedro Nov. 14
Bute of Cal.. Ba « Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 14
Pomo........ Point Arena. & Albion. Nov. 16
Breakwater.. Coos T3ay ............ Nov. 16
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 16
Alameda Honolulu Nov. 16.
Coo» Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 16
G W Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 15
Peru New York via Ancon.. Nov. 16
Aurella . .. Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 16
Marlpoea Tahiti Nov. 17
Queen Puget Sound Ports Nov. 17
Saxonla Hamburg & Way Pt«. [Nov. 20
1 Menes. Hamburg & Way Pta.|Nov. 20
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
November 10.
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 20
Northland..! Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Sierra i Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Sequoia ! Willapa Harbor ... 12 m Pier 20
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
M. Dollar..' Grays Harbor.. 4 pm Pier 2 |
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier i
November 11.
Elizabeth... Coqullle . River 5 pm Pier 20
Breakwater Cooe Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 13
City Peubla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 11 am Pier 23
Alliance Eureka & Coos B Pier 16
November 12.
Chico CoquillP River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Ammon.... Hamburg & Way. 10 am[Pler 19
Acapulco... N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 mjPler 10
Argo Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
November 13.
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
S..Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 14. [
Centralla...' Gray? Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka ; Humboldt 9 anvPler i:i
N. Fork. j Humboldt 12 m Pier 20
S. Barbara, i Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
November IS.
Corona Humboldt l:30pPier 9
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 amiPier 11
Manchuria. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Calif ornlan . New York ( pier 25
November 16. |
Redondo... Astoria & Portland! 5 pm Pier 27
Arctic Humboldt 9 amiPier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 9 amJPler 11
November 18. I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
November 19. I
Alameda... 1 Honolulu 11 amjpier 7
. FROM SEATTLE. ~~
Steamer. Destination. - M Balls. .
Bertha Cooks Inlet * Way Pts.U'ov. 10
Humboldt fikagway & Way Ports !Nov 11
Dolphin Skagway & Way Porta.lNov 12
Santa Ana... 8eldovia & Way Ports INov 16
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov' 16
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Nov! 19
COAST RECORD
1 M4 4 I
i 1 1 r '' -f\
J?*** 1 " SO. 40 68 SO NW Clear .00
r »? n fO.24 62 26 N Clear .00
p r , e^ a «>•(» 72 4« SW Clear .00
Fresno 80.02 74 42 NW Clear .00
flagstaff 2».98 60 24 B Clear .00
lEdependence .30.08 74 44 N Clear .00
Los Anpeles ..28.88 90 56 SW Clear .00
Mt. TamsJpala.30.06 69 66 N Clear .00
?»orth Head ..30.10 70 60 D Clear .00
Phowjlx 29.86 80 46 W Clear .00
Pclnt Reyes ..29.99 70 60 ND Clear .00
Portland 30.14 66 '44 E Clear .00
Pocatello 30.30 66 28 SW ' Clear .00
R*d Bluff ....30.04 78 46 SB Clear .00
Itoeeburg- 30.12 60 42 W Clear .00
Sacramento ..30.02 68 42 8B Clear .<X>
San Francisco. 30. 04 74 56 X Clear .00
8. L. Oblspo. .29.96 88 56 E Clear .00
San Diego 2».S6 84 04 NW Clear .00
Seettle 30.20 48 42 W Cloudy .00
S. EX Farallon.30.O3 63 68 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 30.44 56 32 NE Clear .00
Tato<>Bh 80.10 56 54 E Clear .00
WaJla Walla.. 30.40 54 . 8rt S Clear .00
Wlnnemucca ..30.28 C8 23 NB Clear .00
Yuma 29. S8 86 (4 N Clear- .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAIi
FORECAST.
Th« pressure !»' falling steadily on the Pa
cific Coast, but the weather continues fair.
No' rain Is reported west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Warm weather continues along the entire
coast of California.
The following- hlg-h winds are reported: Ta
to<ish Island, 52 miles, .from the east; North
Head, 2S. east.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 10:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, becom
ing cloudy at night; cooler along the coast;
lisht east winds.
Southern California — Fair Thursday, cooler;
Ucfct ra*t winds.
Nevada — Fair ThurFday.
i<an Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday,
co«\ler; fregh east winds.
r»s Angeles— Fair Thursday, cooler; light
ea^t winds, changing to southerly.
Sacramento — Fkir Thursday; light east
winds. . i
Fresno — Fair Thursday; light north winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 9. — James P.
Storm, County Treasurer of this coun
ty, was found locked in the steel vault
of his office, bound and gagged. Fif
teen thousand dollars is missing from
the cash funds of the treasury. Storm
had been in the vault sixteen hours
when found this morning by his daugh
ter. He says that about 4 o'clock yes
terday afternoon, while he was seated
in his office, two men entered the door
with handkerchiefs tied over their
faces. One of them pointed a revolver
at his head and ordered him to throw
up his hands. Storm complied, and the
two men closed the door of the office
and produced a string of baling wire,
with which they securely bound his
feet " and hands. They forced a hand
kerchief into his mouth and pushed
him inside the vault.
After gathering up $15,000 and leis
urely ransacking the office for more
money, the men closed the door of the
vault, locked the office and departed.
Being a holiday, there were few peo
ple around the Courthouse, and no one
witnessed the hold-up. Storm was so
securely bound that he, was unable to
release himself, and remained in the
vault until 10 o'clocK this morning,
when his daughter came to the office
and discovered it locked. Her father's
absence from home the night previous
had not occasioned any alarm by rea
son of its being election night, his fam
ily concluding that he had remained
away to hear the election returns.
After assistance had been summoned
the office was opened and the vault
door unlocked. Storm was found,
still bound and gagged, on the floor
of the vault, almost In a state of nerv
ous prostration. The wire with which
his hands and feet had been securely
bound had cut him severely.
He was unable to give any accurate
description of the men who held him
up, excepting that one was a' tall and
the other a short man. They both ap
peared very cool and nervy and were
evidently old hands at the business.
The robbery has caused great excite
ment here, and officers are searching
vigorously for some clew to the men
Mho did the work. Owing to the fact
that the officers have no description to
work upon and the bandits had over
sixteen hours in which to make their
escape before Storm was discovered in
the vault, it is extremely unlikely that
they will be apprehended.
Sheriff's Posse Is Organized
for Pursuit, but Descrip
tion of Men Is Very Meager
Movements of Steamers.
THOUSANDS MISSING
Thieves Bind and Gag County
Treasurer in Prescott and
Get Away With Coin
wire, 650 bxs soap, 9 ca imi and ammunition, I
314 ca boots and shoe*.
Tb Eiiat Indies — 270 c* «»fl'" t *^ salmon, . 367
cs assorted canned goods 460 gals 4 cs wine,
13 cs table preparations, 1 cs firearms.
To Korea— 100 steal rails, 20 cs drugs and
sundries, 2 pkgB machinery, 6 cs hardware, 1
wagon.
To South Africa— 150 cs canned salmon, 1200
lbs dried prunes.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— PaolQo Time.)
BAN FRAKOSCO. Nor. »— 6 p. m.
Th» foUcnrlBc maximum and minimum' tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati M-3S|Phlladeli>h!a .....02-40
t £° a •".; BO-80 WMhlngtoa 66-40
Jacksoorute ra-MlNew York 60-40
fit " Bft-40 Pitt«lmrr 60-38
Chicago 44-38 Honolulu. H. I . .78-68
New Orleans ....7»-5e|
SAN FRANCISCO ...74-S«
TlK, foUowlnar *r» the seaaonal rainfalls to
date, aa compared with those of the same
four bouriT 11011 * ad n4nfaUe ta lMt twenty-
C^ M l«at • Thli Last
t>ta«oo»— M hours. Season. Season.
Enrek* 0.00 6.71 6.18
gf* Blu * 0.00 8.13 1.66
cra P^ J to 0.00 , 6.60 0.69
San Franclsoo 0.00 7.63 0.72
f^fano 0 .00 6.94 0.09
Independenott 0.00 0.47 0 42
Baa Lul, Obtapo.... 0.00 4.69 0.06
Los Annlea o.OO 1.13 0.43
baa Diego 0.00 0.16 0 07
The big Padflo Mall liner Manchuria,
Captain Baunders, steamed Into port
yesterday morning, completing her
Irst round trip between San Frandaoo
ind the Orient. Old ooean travelers,
tt.0 were passengers on the Man
churia, cay that the big vessel Is as
steady as "a church." In ordinary
weather hardly a roll or pitch Is notice
able as she moves bver the water. All
en board had nothing but praise for
Captain Saunders, Purcer Winslow,
Chief Steward Jones and the ship.
The Manchuria brings 13S cabin paa
6#ngers, with 63 whites and 2S1 Asiatics
In the steerage. She has 8991 tons of
cargo and $87,400 in Japanese yen.
Among thoee in the cabin were Mrs.
McConnell and family, coming home
from Peking. She is a sister of United
States Minister Conger and has been
visiting the legation at the capital
city of China. Alevard Jules Brett,
the Mexican Consul General at Toka
harna, accompanied by his wife, is on
his way to Mexico. Trevor Oorry, pub
lisher of the American and Asiatic
Journal of Commerce here, is returning
after a trip In the Orient. H. L. Dan
iels, representing the International
Harvesting Company, Is returning from
Manila. Messrs. Parlch and Goodsey
have disposed of the Interest ¦ of the
American Tobacco Trust to the Jap
anese Government, and are on their
way home.
The oabin passengers are as follows:
F. B. A.b«nhe'lm. Miss Alexander, Mrs. J. L.
Barrett, J, C B«mU. Mrs. J. Brett. Low Kee
Caccjp. Mra. H. L. Daalels. Mrs. Esierbrock,
ML FuJ'.no, M'.ss M. V. Glenton. George P.
Goodaey. R. A. Oubbay, Alexander Harrison,
T. R. JCackley, H. Kehrhain, T. K>taoka, T.
Haywda, Miss L. P. McOMinell. Paul Meyer,
J. S. Moore. Hint Moutrte, K. O. Adams,
Colonel Chedas Santa Anna, J. Baud. Nathan
Hertz H. B. Campbell. Trevor Corrj-. F. Dear
dorf. Mrs. J. M. Ewell. his Imperial Highness
Princ» Sadanaru Funhiml and attendants, Mrs.
Geoif* P. Goodwey, Mrs. A. E. Hammond, A.
P. Koyt. K. Kada, Edwla Ktnd. J. H. Kothari.
J. S. Connell Jr., F. A. McK.enile, Major 8.
:.'.:. .r.A, b. Moutrie. Miss Gee Chora Moy. H.
Akimoto, G. F. Atkinson. J. W. Baum. J.
Brett. Mrs. H. B. Campbell, H. L. Daniels.
Mrs. F. Deardorf. F. E. Fernald. Major J. S.
Garwoofl. A. H. Green. F. A. Harris. Mrs. W.
A. Huffman. William L. Keaae. Captain Alex
ander Kirkwood. Ching Lung, Mra. McConnell,
Mrs. F. A. McKenzie, Miss Agnes Morgan,
Mrs. S. Moiitrle, A. O'Gorman Munkhouse,
Mris. A. O'Gorman Munkhcuse, C. Onukl, Rev.
J. T. Pnx-tor. Ye« Quonjr. V. Reyes. F. Roth.
C E. Schnetly. Georpe Middle, Miss N. SidJl«,
Mrs. F. P. Stcr.«, Mrs. Percy K. Stothert,
Count S. Terashlrr.a and servant, N. Watahabe,
Miss McSuslaa. C. M. Loosted, A. M. R. Fitz
tlffimons, E. D. Tenr.y. Miss F. Sullivan, R.
Koser.b«rK. W. S. Eartlett. Mrs- J. D. Tcwne.
Joe RoseTiberg. C. G. Parker, Mrs. J. T. Proc
tor and three children, H. E. A. Pato and ser
vant, Mrs. Lew and two children, Mr».
George Sidfile. Mrs. H. B. Smith. Mis* R. Z.
Fion*. B. E. Strauss, Max Sohwacher.
Mr*. William Everett. H. Wicks. Mits
liearieu* FJtzslmmons. Mrs. E. D. Tcn
r.y. John Lyng. Mrs. A. Cuilen, Miss
K. Coleman. Mrs. J. Iiosenberg. Allen P. Nich
c'.s. E» J. Parish, Dr. K. Bokkaku, Augustin
Miss fidiJe. F. P. Stone. Percy K.
Stothfrt, Mrs. B. E. EtrauBS, Lieutenant du
PetU .Thouras. Mrs. Max Schwabacher, F. J.
Amweg. J. B. Castle. Miss A. Sullivan and
maid. D. Etoney, J. Michaels, J. D. Towne,
Mis Hannah Rosor.bcrg.
Doric Off for the Orieni
The Occidental and Oriental steamship Doric
sailed yesterday lor Asia -with 4T.00 tons o!
cargo. 50 cabin paisencers and 350 Asiatics ir
the ete*raire, amen* the latter* a number ol
Japanese bound home for military service.
Th« following are thoee in the cabin.
For Yokohama — Jarues Uarbfcr, William M
Milne and wife. T. Takahashl. K. OgTiil.
For Kobe — W. M. IXan and wife.
For Nagasaki— Miss Uuby Allen, M1f5 Emilj
Eridpes, A. Ccpplet«rs, Miss May Hu, Mis» Dr.
L. Koons, itiE? L. M. Strow.
For Manila — Pierce Anderson. William Black,
Miss KlU&beth N. Blandfn. James G. Boor. B.
JI. Burrell and wife. Jud^e Adam C. Carson,
C. C. Cllne, T. F. Crowley. Mis» Marcella
I>o>-le J. B. Dougherty. W. il.' Donovan. John
En'rlcSt". A- B. Gray. Mrs. E. F. Hull. Knup
ton tUrnes John B. Leech. Joseph A. Manning.
Frank R. %\hite.
For HcnRkc^r— T. VST. Co-rcrtBon and xrife.
C L. Oorharo and wife, C. W. Ht«>, Dr. Au
pust Hofer. Thomat B. Lawler and wife anJ
Infant Rev. Paul II. Linn and wife. Saint
Fort Mortler, Ber. P. D. Roach and wife, Misi
Katiierine L. Schaeffer. W. P. Stockwell, Mra.
Robert Tautman.
Frcta Honolulu— D. C. McCaan and wif*.
.
Plrrra Sail* To-Das
Pacific Liner Sierra Sails To-Dau ftp. the Antipodes
MANCHURIA COMPLETES HER FIRST VOYAGE
LOCK VICTIM
IN A VAULT
KIN OF SPENCER
PASSES AWAY IN
SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904. •
Fine Building Planned for Geary Street
TO ADORN UNION SQUARE
The Oceanic Uner Sierra sails this arter
r,oan'Bt 2 o'clock from Pacific-rtre«t wharf.
Tier 1. for Honolulu. J'aso Pa«o. Auckland
e.nd S;,-aney. with freight and passengers.
These in the first cabin arp as follows:
Honolulu — W. H. Alley. Mr*. Alley,
Arthur Benr E. A. R»rti4t. Mm. E. Buffen
>-.-•- C E. Cotton. Mr*. Cotton, Mrt. S. M.
T;anion. Douglas Damon. O. C. DelJineer. MIks
JI Delilriter. E. G. I>u'..^enborg, C E>ton,
Mm. r;«ir.r.. T. D. EJwell, Artflle Oape. Fran
tie Oav, v.'.t*- and child and two servant*: B.
M. Ounr. an1 »if«, F. Ha! Mead an-l wife. MUs
U Hitidwick. llr*. Harrison, Mm Harrison,
iin.. A. Jj. Hills. -L. A. Hughes. Mrs. Hug-hes,
llr. Humphries and servant. S. A. Jaeg*r,
Miss I^ac> <"srtain Ljons, E. O. Peter.i and
wife, tin J. Kichsrdson, A. C. Robinson. Mrs.
Lyons, T. IteStcwart. U. A. Me Wayne, Mies
C. Marshall, Mis* M. R. Martin, Dr. W. H.
May* Mr*. Mavis. Mm. D. «. Maj\ H. C.
Mfyer*. M. A. Robinson. Mis* I>ora RowoM,
S. N. Fhi-ndan. Mrs. Mark. Mrs. M. D.
K. Mark, Mrs. A. O. BtoaaUCr. C. D. Walker,
F. D. Walker. H. K. Walker. Mrs. J. B. War
ren. Mrs. I-. V". Whitln. o. R. William!-.
Pap'i Pajro — J. F. f)¥born and wife. Miss
(Jsbcrn, Matter Oebom.
Auckland — <^eorge Bowron and wife, Ml»s
Hwron. T. P. Doteon. W. W. Funge Jr.. Mrs.
Funee, John Moore and wife, A. D. Ehllson,
II. Thomson and wife.
Sydney— R. A. Adeney and wife, T. M. Al
iTK-k and wife, H. Boan, C. A. Coehlln. C.
Darby and *|fe, \V. L.. Davidson, Min I*.
Oar!and A. E. H^zlet and wife. Alexander
A. Hunter, A Hunter, H. B. Hunter. Frod
«rl;k William Kite, .T. Lord. G. Loubier. Mis«
L*}uMer. J. Mc<;ormirk ar.d wife. M:ss U Mc
'nrrricK It. McCorroirk. Mrs. H. Edwin
Moore Master Moore, P. J. O'Phea, H. (=ootc
Oer^tce Smith and wife, J. Smith, A. Wade
worth. D. O. Ramsey.
Join at Honolulu— J. H. Armltaga and wile.
A. L* Barton, Albert Russell, r -..
11
ADVEKTISEaiEyTS.
EegularPncc^C \ My Price only
'1*125
makes sharing: bo easy it's a real
pleasure; besides saves time and
money.
IT YOITVE AN T OLD RAZOR, brine It
to me. I want St and will make you a
liberal offer for It toward a vw razor.
I've eood razors as low as f l.(K>.
OOOT> POCKET KNIVES at yoar own
rric*: guaranteed knives as low as
£l .r,<>: very gocx! ones at smaller prices.
2 cakes V. r.'.-.ttrs" 10c shaving- soap..in<>
Hszors honed and ground; hor.ir.i? H3e
TRY A COXKJLEC'S BELT FILJUXOPEN;
beats ar.y fountain pen; clean; handy;
id ways rtadr; *:!/m> up.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
1008 K1BZXT STEEET, Opp. Tilth.
8aa Tyanelsoo.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. You can trust a
soap that has no biting k&
it, that's Pears*.
Established over ioo years.
TralnsV
1/ to Chicago i
MB '. ¦ ' - Mil
fl 8 daily from points in California via the Southern Padfic, «¦
MB Union Pacific and Chicago & North- Western Railways, over 11
II THE ONLY DOUBLE-TRACK RAILWAY BETWEEN 19
11 THE MISSOURI RIVER AND CHICAGO. II
11 The Overland Limited, the most luxurious solid daily train in the §M
%% world. Pullman sleeping cars, dining car, buffet Emoking and MS
library car, electric lighted throughout, Booklovers library. BB
W^. Less than three days San Francisco to Chicago. BB
• \m Daily and personally conducted excursions in Pullman bB '
%3k tourist sleeping cars through to Chicago without change. &W
_^<fS '••HektM tod taXl laforattto* e»ll octtfekat
j£!fUFjr3jBB^&*SaM tgeats Soothers Pacific Hallway, iP^V^V^nBar
I lilt Wj*£2stik 0# Wh?^^^_ * * U fl y^SLjLTT^^W/HE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1901.
12
CTAmygyAires-^rottongd.
richard 'iixro.
The Man With Psychic Powers
Clairvoyant.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know.
Special This Week, a Full Life Reading
ONE DOLLAR.
Satisfaction Guaranteed or no Fee Accepted
HE TELLS YOU
HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS.
Whether your prefent business investments
will be successful. Truthful revelations on
all love affairs; domestic difficulties. He
tells you everything, good or bad: you h»ar
the truth and nothing but the truth. He
restores lost affection, reunites the separated,
causes happy and speedy marriages.
Remember the name and address,
RICHARD MAYO.
421A Ellis st.. near Jones.
Hours-klO a. m. to 8 p. m. All business
I confidential.
MRS. I5URR (formerly Mme. Anthony), me-
dium and-lif* reader. 32 Ritch St.; ladies 25c,
" gentlemen 50c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts. The .Vendome. 1104 Market, r. 2i.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader has
returned; sittings dally. 109 6th St.. rooms 1-2.
MRP. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis St.
SPIKITTTAIJSM.
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P Ev^
ans. famous psychic for slate writing, clalr-
voyant. Office. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott S37.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNET. bus. medium and
¦ life reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C'V. MILLER'S materializing sence to-night
8 o'clock, $1. 1084 Bush st.
UUME. YOUNGS test circle to-night; 10c; C19
McAllister; st. r»adlngs «laUy; come skeptics.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, life read-
ier; cir. evgs.. 10c; read, dally. 836 Misslo*.
TEST to-night. 10c: clairvoyant readings. 25c;
horoscopes cast. Mme. Ellersncken. 142 6th.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln
room 49; readings 1 to 8; teL South 31».
collection orrioss.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections m-de:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 413
. Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Matn SSJto.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break":
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
' — No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD filling-, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.2O4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.l4.1st
¦ floor. Phelan bid.. 8C6 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor. Bush
Set, teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;nlllngs, 25c
DR. R. L. "WALSH has moved from Oary st.
:¦-.-. to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, ilgr., 869 Mission, cor. eta.
CLATEVOYAHW.
AA— THE FUTURE CAN BETOLD.
FREE FREE FREE
If not correct.
His regular $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
BLANCHARD.
The eminent
Clairvoyant — Picnic — Mystic.
Tells your full name, what you called for,
whom and when you will marry, • reads your
entire life from infancy to old age.
He gives advice on business, love, court-
ship, marriage aad tells of your friends and
enemies; removes evil Influences, reunites
the separated and causes speedy and happy
marriage to the one cf your choice; cures
disease and lost vitality without medicine;
locates mines, buried treasure, old estates,
lost or stolen goods, absent friends.
HE SEES ALL. TELLS ALL.
460 GEARY ST., BETWEEN TAYLOR AND
MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS— 10 TO 8 P. M., DAILY AND SUN-
DAY.
MME. M. BERNARD — THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium ;• perma-
nently, located at 17 Third st., next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description ot the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events' to occur in the future; If you are In
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all affairs ot life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 4560.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations 0" the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you will succeed, to
be relieved of the matters that are troubling
you and of the schemes of your enemies, that
you may meet with better success? Then for
a reliable raading go to LIVINGSTONE, 42S
Eddy st.: three separate, reception parlors;
lady attendants: hours 10' a. m. to 8 p. m.
Permanently located at 26Vfc Kearny gt.
after Wednesday.
MME. LANGE — Just returned: can give you
advice In your trouble by her genuine Egyp-
tian sympathy, palmistry and spiritualism:
possesses the genuine magical mametlc mir-
ror"' and crystal reading, which shows th»
correct picture of future wife or husband;
never fails; convince yourself; readings, 25o
and up; 10 to 8 p. m.; also Sundays; cures
diseases by her strong sympathy. 46 7th st.
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco.- Office hours — 10-
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening, a to 8. Phone South 1141. ¦
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant. . medium, born
with double veil and second sight; tells past
, preeent, future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $}; palm-
iitry full life read. $1. 803 Jones, near Eddy.
PROF. DAHL guarantees to tell your past.
. present ' and future; names given; readings
50c.' 1027% Market st.; hours 1 to 9 p. m.
;MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr.and palm.;
¦reveals love. . marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
C. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 7K Franklin st.
Mrs.A.H.KroKenberg, palmist, clalrvojant.c-.rd
reader; when others fall try me;readings £5c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.;tel.Larkln 4207.
ANDROE. the Greek' wonder; •: never falls:
wonderful bodyless lady in window. 203
: - Ellla st. .- '
A— Mme. Ravenna reada life; business advice;
.names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis at:, near Market.
THIS ad and 80c : entitles you to life reading
at ,125 Sixth at.
I.OPGING-HOTJSES POB SAMS—Cqn.
fine block on Post st. ; full nicest kind of
. roomers; new and modern throughout; brings
in nice income: furniture in oak. blrdseye
maple, velvet and axminster carpets; coet
$1800 to furnish plx months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain, $1200.
45 rooms, rent only $125: first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $1*00 per. month: always full:
best buy In city; account of elckness; price
$4500.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five,
year lease: downtown: fine, respectable,
money maklnc house: -part down; .balance
reasonable interest.
34 rooms: cheap rent; thoroughly- renovated:
all in -fine shape; fine little apartment- house;
clears $150; reduced to S2S0O.
Large list of real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
? hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. :•
FOR SALE. - .
.36- room house; downtown;flne fumlture.$5000
24 rooms; central; everything new; $1600;
$800 cash.
. 30 rooms ; downtown ; . transient $2500
14 rooms; Sutter St.; transient... ......$1000
100 rooms: all rented; fine furniture; $10,000,
J0000 cash.
30, rooms; corner house; very swell. . .$"50O
Boarding-house, 8 rooms, nr. I cftrhouse.SSOO
Furnished house, S rooms. Mission.-. . .$450
San Francisco Credit Co.. - 1O Turk st., 1st fir.
~ MITCHELL & CO.,
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 20SI
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaran-
teed. MITCHELL & CO.
OAKLAND house, 22 rooms: rent $60: oak
furniture; lease; alwayn full: good carpets:
_ center of town: $3OO cash and small monthly
payments secures It. MITCHELL tk CO.
WILL sell my 30-room apartment and rooming
house; corner: fine location; jio agents. Ad-
drew box 4542. Call office. ' ¦ ___^
•SIXTH, 308— 12 rooms; rent $30; must sell on
. account of sickness; price $460; call.lt to 5.
FURNISHED house. 10 rooms; housekeeping;
yard, stable; rent $40; a bargain. 116 Page.
CAHPET BEATCTQ AND CltEAT'-^O.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
> carpets and ruga also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices ¦ moderate. S.' F. Com-
• pressed Air Cleaning Co.. • 308 Market st. ;
p'nonea Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel.- South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning. 3c , FRED HAGG-
PORN & CO.; phone Mission 225. .-"..-.' .
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet -Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 24G Fourteenth St.— First-class
; carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel.' Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 8utter st.;
-tel. Main 394 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170.1 Harrison st.: tel." Mission 263.
CIiOTHINO B2NOVATING. .
SUITS cleaned ¦ and- pressed, $1; scouring and
' dyeing. Bon Marche," Examiner bldg.^r. 4ID;
thone Drumm'.44. > Call for and deliver tret.
I _ AOEWTSJW'AUVEp, _
i.ADT agents wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's Suppositories. 1S12 Market St.. r. 310
ADOPTION.
j FINE «-months-old bey: good parents: refer-
ences required. Box -IS72. c'all offico.
; ASTHMA CURE. f
; DI NOLA'S Asthma R»me-iy relieves Instantly;
lt»c. 25c, 50c. 1C02 Market, St. Nicholas;
altr> Wishart. Kth and Washington. Oskland.
AUTOMOBILES.
j ¦'¦ ' ¦¦ -
1904 WHITE louring car: used five months;
will tell cheap. Apply 261S Laguna st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
j RKPTAURANT ana cafe clone to Market end
Powell st«. ; leas^; place elegantly fitted up
and do'ne a lars< business; b.?st class of
patronnse: owner enga^eci in other bur-l-
nere; rnu.«t sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE,
20'.-. Kearny st^ _^______
I A— $000: ROADHOUSE with 7 furnlehed rooms;
rent $20; ft years' lease; very best location:
on San Mateo read. -See R. G. WILKE. 2«V4
Keamy et.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; B years'
lease; rent $40; store doing; a large cash busi-
ness: location can't be beet; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26h Kearny st. ,
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Pbelan
building; net rent $123; lease; stock will in-
voice about {1200; a good paying place; In-
vestigate qt once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 2OVs Kearny at.
A — $2900; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1
block from Examiner building: place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 2Cfc KMinyit.
A— $l?.5O; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce store; 1 block from Palace Hotel;
dally receipt* from $30 up; horse, wagon:
p'.ace clearing $200 per month. See R. G.
V\"ILKE, _»;i4 Kearny st.
A— $t»00— CORNER Kaloon. with cigar stand,
on -Fourth St.. living rooms; rent *30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain, dee R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A-J1M<i — Old established commission store,
dairy prcduce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 2$ years as a good reliable
house. R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $16uO; CORNER cigar stand on Ellis Bt. ;
lease; a gocd paying place; location can't b«
beat; owner must leave for N. Y. ; a sacrl-
flct. See R. G. WILKE. 2C"- Kearny st.
A — $€500; THE leading candy, icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $00; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26tt Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
corner; rent $30; best location; business pay-
Ing well. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
south of Market St.; net rent $00; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100: value
in eight. Sec R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $300; CIGAIt stand; rent $30; only 2 block*
from Call building: a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call R- G. WILKE, 26^
Kearcy gt.
A— $5000; roadhoune and grocery, with 6 acres
of lyid; house of 4 roojns. dining-room, kitch-
en, etc. ; monthly income $1000; one ot the
best business properties; about "5 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. I
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease:
with flrst-cla-6 paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busl-
nest. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery: 4 r.lce living rooms; rent $25;
daiy receipts about $20: best location north of
Market st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
rt.; rent $CO: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about S2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chance*.
FOR Eale — First-class bazaar; located in thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateglass windows;
ftore fixtures; large stock; long lease; cheap
rent; doing good business, clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; sick-
nese; snap; price $3,100.
FOR sale — Flrst-clas- livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; .V) stalls;
rent only $75 per month: well stocked with
horses, liuesies. hacks and coupes: long es-
tablished and doing & good business; owners
retiring, cause cf sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Edc^y st.
FOR «ale— Stptioncry. school supplies, dress
liniiic.«: well located; cheap rent; doini^ good
business: 3. living rooms; stock will invoice
more than price asked: sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real, es-
tate, rooming-hounes and business chances.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cemer.t busines-ss in
S. F. : cheap, rent; horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
1**tu $500 to $£'jo per month: trial given If
deflred; part do*n. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn-
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy: fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy »t.
FOR sale — Several goods business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry. Ice-
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention ; would be pleased to have
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON St.
CO.. 3 Eddy et.
F. A. BROOKBANK, ~
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St.. bet. 5th-and 6th.
Phone Folsom 1S4C.
A GROCERY and bar. located on busy street;
large stock and good fixtures: Al trade: 3
nice livlne rooms; bargain for $850. See
BROOKHANK. /
$150 BUYS br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and
milk depot: 3 nice furn. rooms; cheap rent;
a bargain. Eee BROOKBANK. 917 Market.
$050— PARTNER for well paying cigar stand
on Market at.; elegant fixtures ; full stock;
money-maker. See BROOKBANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser tor what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH &-CO..
1312 Market St.,
Rooms 418-410. Telephone Folsom R46S.
CALL route for sale; good route In Alameda.
Apply to this office cr call at 1813 Pacific
ave.. Alameda; take broad gauge train, get
• oil at Grand st. station. Alameda; call be-
fore 12 noon.
$500 TO $10,000 saloons: good bargains.
$450 to $3000 restaurants: good bargains.
$750— Partner: business chance; triflers need
not apply BKRG & POPP. 31S Kearny 6t:
COFFEE and lurch house; first-class: long
lesSe: low rent; clearing. $300 per mo.; prl-
?£}? !e; only P rtnc lpal» Riven particulars.
2b\n Ktegrnv gt.; third floor, room 32.
WANTED— To meet party with $500 to invest
in business that will surely pay $2000 ptr
monih: full particulars at interview. Box
47.S0. CaJI office.
NEW Arkansas oil field — G. M. Bailey Mis-
souri Pacific immigration agent. Little Rock.
Ark., can get you an oil leas*, trifling *£
ptnse. Fortunes from future sale leases.
PHOTO supply house; good locality; will ex-
change or city, Oakland or Berkeley jjrop-
erty; evenings. 7:30 to 9:30. 2531 Mission st.
GROCERY and fruit store, cheap, with three
rooms of furniture: central location: only
$60u. Apply 23 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
FOR sale— On account of slckncw. smalt
branch bakery and delicatessen store. 2790
Mission' st.
$100— FOR sale— Fruit store: old established
business: good location. • Box 45C2; Call.
CIGAR stand; good stock. Inquire 125 Third
street. ¦ .
WANTED— Partner; restaurant; $250; must be
good- cook. Address C. F.. box 4517, Call.
FOR eale — Firct-class grocery and delicacy
store. 3601 Army et.. cor. San Jose ave.
FOR. sale — $20C0. livery stable; across bay; good
stand. 212 Eddy st.. downstairs.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office. '¦':.,:_
FINE paying drygoods store, with lease; own-
er UavlEc State: bo uesu. Box 4461, Call.
Address Com-nunicaiicns to
sTOHX '.* ''. : - . ? V"»31«paCCT
\V. J. MAUTIN r . .. Ri^lncss^Manaser
TELEPHONE. ;
_•!> trr — hf <^ M L 1 h* Operator \\ ii! <~on-
You Wish.
Publlcatlrn O'fic^ Market and Third. S. F.
EdSSfal ii£nVs.... 1 __17_to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered bv Carriers, =« CU. I>r W<?ek. 75
Ct». P-r Month. Pir^le Copies 5 «*¦
Term* by Mail. Including Postage <ccrh WIW
Or«!er» : , o M
DAILY CALL («nc!ud. Sunday). 1 V". . . $« -W
l'AILY CALX, (tndod. Sunday). « 1110s... *A«»
DAILY CALL— By Sincie Month # ««j
BC3CDAT i-AI.L. 1 Year -••*{
POSTAGE. , vi-erkfy. 1.00 Per Yeir Extr*
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
B«t=plc Ccri<» will be forwarded wh«n re-
ques'ed.
UmM *-jt*eribers in cnSerinir change of afl-
4rea» *kcu'.A be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
pron-.pt and correct ccn-.pliance with tr.eir re-
•juest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
10ie Breaiway Tel-phone Matn 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
H4S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
¦AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK SEWS STANDS:
Walflor:- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Colon Square ; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
B^te! sad Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. N»ws Co.; Great
gorthtra Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
ctel; Pslxr.er House.
CHirAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
CLcrg Distance Telephone. "Or.tral 2619.")
VEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEX B. SMITH 3<> Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON ..HeraJd Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Mstket and Third streets; open Tintll
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10C? Market atreet, opposite Fifth; open until
11 r. m.
127 Kootsomery street, corner Clay; open until
8 :30 p. m.
W"-> Hay* street; open ur.ti! 9:30 p. m.
839 M-AH'.jrer street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1J)41 Missjcn street: oren until 10 p. m.
it*'- Eleventh street; open until 9 p., in.
ln&fi Valencia street: open until 9 p." m.
Northeest corner tTrurch ar.ij Duncan streets;
open ur.t:! :> j\ m.
K}** Filirr-r'- Etrert: open until 9 p. ra.
MEETTJTS 3TOTZCES.
A F.EGULAR mating of Yerba Buena <».
L."ige of Perfection No. 1. A. M. Jj
and A. F., Scottish Rite, will he held f\
in Corr.mandery Hall. Masonic Tfmjiip. ,/£>>»
THIS (THURSDAY* EVENING. No- >-=-?
vtrr.i'fr 1». at s o'clock. Fourteenth Degree.
Visiting brother* cordially invited.
HENRY BBUXE8. Secretary.
MISSION CHAPTER NO. 73. U. A. M. m
Pl^oia! nif-tins THIS (THURSDAY) Jy
EVENING. T:.;<> u'dwk; P. M. and /^\
M. K. M df-prees. By order of the
H. P. JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LOL»GE NO. I, F. & A. ffi
I VI.. v.i<] meet THIS (THURSDAY) VY
EVENING, at 7:.":<> o'.-lork: third de- /V\
Sre* FRANKLIN H. DAY. See.
LA PABFAXTE UNION LOlniE NO «
IT. F. A- A. M.— Cklleti meeting FUl-'Vy
X>AY. Nov. M. i!xn. al s o'clock: ftm /V\
degr. (¦. Ey oraer of the \V. M
P. ST. JULLIEN, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 20. F. & O
A M. — OffWrfc and members will at- V^r*
Pt*n<3 funeral of BROTHER JOHN T.
HOLDEN of Clcvf land I^dge No. 211.
Chicago. III., THURSDAY, at 1 :;;<> p m .
from Masor.i.. Tem:ile ; Master Masons and
frir-r.ds respectfully invitfd.
lEE^i^ h MEYER - Secretary.
P^'DEIJTY LODGE NO. 120, T. "~&~A~m~~
M— Special meeting THIS <THUKS-*v*\7
L»AV» EVENING, at 7:.1<> oVlock; /V\
*c<-.n<i degree; V* Ilowcraft Masons
•ordially invited. By order of the \V JI
FftEDERK-K BARRY. Secretary.
EOUTH SAN FRANCISCO I UiAt* 'Ka m
212. F. and A. M.— CaN<>d meeting'Vv
THIS < THURSDAY* EVENING at AA
7: Jo o'clock First decree. By ord"r.
William McDonald, w. m.
l»ORIC LODGK NO. l'l(i~Fr&~AT M~^
Fim degree THIS "THURSDAY) i/\f
I5VE9TIXO. at 7:.fe o'clock. By order fSr\
of the master.
m J. < VL\ COLPSMf TH, Secretary.
STAnn KI.VG LODGE NO. r,44~~F.~i ©~ "
A. M.. :!17 Devisadfro ft. — Second •]••- <_A_?
Fre. THI.S (THLHi-DAY) EVENING. AA
-Nov. i««, a t 7 : .mi o'clock: visiting
brethren cordially invitiTj. n.v ordfr of the
j TV'. M. H. r. WRIGHT*. Secretary.
F>.RX£t\ORTH LODGE rKO 5>5 IZZ
I. O. O'. F— Officers and mem- -3_jig££__.
-*rs* u-sl pleas( attend district^wrvjglggBI
meeting und»r aospioea of P.- "^Szfffii^
fiflc Lcdce No. 150. THURSDAY NIGHT,
N«jv in, Profpect Hall, fourth floor
O. A. BURMAN. R. S.
UNITY LODGE NO. l.".\ I. o7~o! H^^
F. — Brothers will please a?s»mble SrSlBgBtf?
et Odd KV-Hows" huiMins TJ U P - ¦B&SV'CP*
DAY (THUHSDAT). at 8 p. m.. ~* S £tK#&-
to attend district tnefting i,rld under aus-
pice* of Pacific Lodge No. 155
IZ. H. AX DREW'S, N. G.
A. P. BUTTON, Roc. f -cretar>-.
GOLDEN WEST Lodge No. 522 I. ~ZZZ
O. O. F.— Meml^rf will assemble ->^^SW*f-
*.t y o'clock sharp to attend t he
district meeting under the '^h^^
. auspices of District C7.
; «'. H. REDELL. N. Q.
MKMBERS cf O'lln Loflse No :«>.{.
1 ''.".}'.. .<:.. r questrd i» at- <&^*-*5_P'
«er.d u< dii-tricl meeting to !.<• : 5ir?f_>^£?
held TO-NIGHT in Pacific Lodge "*^/mR5^"
No. 155, S o'clock. By o.tfer of
GEORGE G. UOHEN, N. G
KWAN CHYTRAUS, Secretary.
MINSTREL show of Mission Re-» Z^ZZ
Ukah Lodse !>oFtponed to SAT- ¦$$£rBf2&Zi.
1,'RDAY. Nov. 2«. V.«>\ ; : , ke ts -*^>M5
told fi-iKxi for that die. By J *s»#fifc!fe*'
ordfr of LULU TERRY. Noble Grand.
UNITT Lodge No. Cl. K. of~P.— Offi- -<*•
ct-rtt and members are requested to *££&**
attend the funeral of Brother W <* *%>i&
LOHMEYEK. from his laie resl- _S*<>
flenie, 2033 Howard st., THURS- -^ v
JjAY. at 1 :30 p. m. By order _^ '
E. B. KIMBALL, C. C
S. W. GATES. K. of R. sod S?
THE S. K. SCOTTISH^ THISTLIJ »->
CLTTB met-tE THIS iTHUItf! >AY) 3V. Ji.T 5 *
EVENING in Fraternity Hall, 32
O'FarreJl «.'. at fc o'clock; nom-
;-.;¦¦ !¦'•;) of officers for <>nru1ns term.
GEORGE \V. PATEIU5OX,' Royal Chler
A. E. CARLISLE. Uccorder.
THE Servian Benevolent Society -— —
holds It* repu'.ar meetings _. ,
*-very second End last THURS- *^ C? _f
DAY of the month at 102 <72<0
OFarreSl st at 7:30 p. m. V&e&t/Z
JOHN A. LJUB1BRATICH. /Si5^»
President. isJj.* 1^
V. RADOJEVICH, Secretary. _J%i*Cl
THE C-Ufornla Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
prceee* from J. McGrath, in Red Rock mine,
st Howlar.'i Fla.!. Sierra County. Cal.. drain-
ing Into Slate Creek, which reaches Yuba
River, asd from Ltoujiu S. Otme and
Charles L. Reynolds, in Smith's Blue Gravel
mine, near Ono. Shasta County. Cal., drain-
inK into Jerusalem Creek, which reaches
gacraraento River. cl v^s notice thst a meet-
ins; to receive any protests will be held rt
room fKS. Klocd build inc. San . Francisco.
«~al.. Nov. 21. liWi. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTOE3fEYE-AT-LAW.
A FRAUDiJLENI' divorce is dear at $12 and
is co coed; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; Quick: quiet; no money needed;
co pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free: collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.
H W. KING. Attorr.«y-^t-Lnw, Exam. bids..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 26
rears; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA— Divorce; cort* $12:quicl:.quiet:advice free:
a.!t law buEinrEs: no charire unless success-
ful: open cvcr.incs. 927 Market St.. . room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: ao fees or
cr*ts in advance: all .law business; office
open Eaturday eveninjs. 819 M-rket et...r.33.
V «. CLARK, fC7 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion tree; no fee* in advance; open •venlsfa.
BTJSIKXSS CHANCES — Continued. ¦
$S5o — CIGAR store for sale; downtown and.
¦very central. Box 4405, Call. v
MAN and wife want to buy a notion store
close to school. Box 4102. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES TOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
t-orner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
. Hotels and rooming-hou6es for 6ale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND
A 37-room house on Ellis st., only 4 blocks
from Market; fine location; elegantly fur-
nished, right up to date.
A SWELL ENTRANCE. STEAM HEAT.
HOT AND COLD WATER.
Profit $175 monthly; only $150tt cash neces-
sary; v rear first-class restaurants.
EVERY MODERN CONVENIENCE-
MARION GRIFFIN.
"SUNNT HOME" FOR SALE.
NEAR Post and Leavenworth. ' '
Isn't that a fine location?
RENT $4, profit $4 per room; 23 rooms.
I Permanent roomers, of course.
; PRICE $S0O down and $600 on time.
1 MARION GRIFFIN.
WOULD YOU like to bank S211 monthly?
We offer you such a house.
Price $3200.
YOU WILL GET
Easy Terms
For quick action.
THE OWNER wants to take
A 68-room house
That we offer for $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN
Cordially invites you
To investigate.
A 12-room house i I
Reduced to $400 cash.[
Central: rent $30. .
Income over rent, $47.1
All men roomers.
Not a 1st class house, I *
But it's reliable. I
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition for some enterpris-
ing lady or gentleman of education and re-
finement ; new and modern house of 66 rooma;
partially, furnished with a fine grade of fur-
niture, draperies and carpetlngs; rent only
$5 per room with a 5-year lease; price S3.VK).
MARION GRIFFIN.
SACRIFICE SALE of
the handsomest and most modern
apartment house of ISO rooms In San
FVanclsco; new and beautiful fur-
nishtngs that cost $16,000; will take
$700o; properly managed will pay
$75CO yearly profit. It Is the greatest
bargain ever offered. No cards.
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by
r MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and MODERN "-room flat, north of
Market; furnished new in September; rent
$27 50; price $150; hair mattressee.
NEAT.
NEW,
CLEAN.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
*\ _______
$1450 — 40 ROOMS; house poorly furftlshed;
forced sale; good opening for" right
party. MARION GRIFFIN.
$2500 — 60 ROOMS; well furnished apartment
house; corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays well.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$2000 — 3S ROOMS; hotel, clearing $150
monthly; very select boarders; owner
elck; will take small rooming-house in
exchange and time on balance.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$750 — 16 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner for 12
years; nice location for roomers or
boarders; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT HOUSE of 46 rooms.
NEAR HOTEL GRANADA.
RENT 5150.
INCOME $175 monthly over expenses.
PRICE $3C0O: terms easy.
Agent from this office go with buyer.
MARION GRIFFIN.
GREAT SNAP.
ALL YOU NEED Is $300 cash.
14 rooms;
7 blocks north of Market etrcet. •
Price down to $750. Easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN. "
16-ROOM HOUSE.
Highly respectable. Near Post and Mason.
Clean and In good order. Rent $75.
Profit $73 monthly. Price $1'_00.
MARION GRIFFIN.
200-ROOM HOUSE.
For exchance for. real estate.
Partly furnished. New and modern.
Should clear $1000 monthly properly man-
¦ aged. Price $9000.
MARION GRIFFIN.
A^CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
5 Eddy »t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. ., a/ -
An up-to.datc downtown house; rent only
$r> 50 per room; -'• light and sunny rooms;
electric iight* and elevator; has 108 rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing $350
to $450 per m6nth; make offer; owner must
leave city; only with us. .• ,
12S rooms; cheap rent: long, lease: first-class
up-to-date downtown house: well- furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
Model apartment-house, 2 and 3 rooms each;
rent Is chcao; elegantly furnished: 0-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
vicknees.
Well located house clcse in, with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and carpets in
first-clasH condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can be made to
clear $300; fine business •proposition.
T-room modern .flat; close In; well furnished;
cost $G00; a bargain. If sold at once; $250.
180 rooms: grand, . new, modern apartment-
- houre; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 1
per month: close In; full of nice people; bar-
gain If taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership.
24 rooms; rent $146; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
Have new. modern 82-room house; rent $375:
electric lights, elevator, corner; everything
.up-tr-df.le; owner will exchange for im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
.17000 to $10,000.
21 rooma; cheap rent; very central: good fur-
niture and carpets: dears' $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial house In
city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrat-claB- condition: will trade for
. Oakland. AUmeda or Berkeley property or
ranch iu California: mu6t leave city. .
9-room flat; rent only. $50; water free; oak
¦ furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
What do you think? 31-room. apartment-house;
1 rent only $130; where you can clear $95 per
month; no work; this you can get for $1100;
wife at hoenltal.
i 10 rooms;, rent $65; good . furniture and car-
pets; alwajx full: must sell -within next ten
days; leaving city:- make offer.
60 rooms; new, modern building: elegantly fur-
nished: ¦ close" in;, full of. first-class people:
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get' an up-to-dale house; reasonable; sick-
ness. . -v ._; ¦••'
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms fn
DBISSMAKEKS A2R> SEA3ISTEESSE3.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 MJcC
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's Lutton and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIOJIAL.
A— THE I Lyceum, an aecredtteT~preparatory
school for university, law and medical cot-
leges; refs. President Jordan, or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder«of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship.
shorthand, typing: $5 month; life scholarship
¦ $r<0; positions Becured; day. eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatis
leacnlng in America; posit ions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
A — "Single page method"; no text-books; twlc«
the progress In artlthmetic.bookkeeping. short-
hand, etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1291 Mkt.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., meeh., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18«4. Vaa
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City H*1L
* — ¦" %- ¦ — ¦ — — •
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, largo rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting post-
tlonsi S. B. Business College. 73S Mission.
CLASSES In short stcry writing and Journalism
meet on Men.. Wed. and Thun.. 2 p. m.. 333
¦* Phelan bid?.; terms very reasonable.
HKALD'S FT'STyre** nn T.j.rav., ix T>np. *>
Established 1863; largest in the- West; send
for circulars.
BOOKKEEPING. Ens... math., etc.: day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 305 Larkla St., Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pae. Boa. CoL
CHICAGO Business College. 13S4 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Sand for eatalogno.
A— METROPOLITAN *Bus. Col.. (503 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN. 1135 Larkln. gives thor-
ough, successful instruction in piano and vocal.
HIGH School mathematics: coaching by new.
easy methods; evengs and by mail. 2O Hartford
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month:
mandolin club. $1 per month. 828 Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per^
tonally. Miss M. O. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 343 Hatght:
Individual lnstruc; all branches; day. eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden'
Gate ave.. S. F.; 73- page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlc*
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
B. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel.James 3231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlneae help. 42B Powell St.; tel. Main S732.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Erap. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frtta Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush 839.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help a£
Leon Seung's. 411 »± O'Farrell; tel. East 42H.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 8188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 2O years.
Tel. Mam 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. «H0 CUy.
JMPLOYMEKT^ WANTED — rEHAXE.
A SWEDISH woman wishes work by 7h« day".
Tel. MRS. NORTON. Grant 17a
A3*-e4»terly German lady, with girl 10 years.
wishes position as working housekeeper in
widower's family; wag-s $20. Call at 2S-"9
California st., corner Broderick; florist.
YOUNG colored woman wants housework cr
sweeping or cleaning by the day or hour.
"Call or address 16 Stockton place, between
Post and Sutter sts.
WANTED — By a gocd. reliable "woman a po-
sition to do housework; id good cook; will
work by the day; first-class work. Box 4754
Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes cooking or gen-
eral housework; city or across the bay; good
references: wages $25. 3l6»i Ritch et.. be-
tween Brannan and Townsend.
NEAT young woman, speaking German and
French, good cock, wants situation in small
private . family for general housework. 974
Jackson st.
A MAN and wife want work; city or country
hotel: wife good chambermaid; man second
cook or waiter; experienced. Box 4787. CalL
A YOUNG woman wishes to do general house-
work in a small family; small wash; no pos-
tals. 258^3 Tehama st.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a «ltuatloa
en a ranch. Apply 1165^ Pacific sC. from
8 to 12 m.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do hous--
work for two or thr«e adults: small wash;
$15. car fare. Fhons Folsom 2987.
WANTED — By competent Canadian woman,
cooking and housework in small family.
Call at IKS Mission st.
RELIABLE Eastern girl wishes general house-
work and cooking. 731 Treat ava., near
Twentieth and Folsom sts.
COMPETENT irwnaa wishes situation, house-
work aad cookie*; wages $25. 651}.' Minna
St.. near Seventh.
GOOD.- competent woman irtshes position to
cook or do downstairs work. 211 Minna st.
WANTED — By a young lady Just from the
East, cooking or housework. 875 Folsosi st.
A GOOD chambermaid wants work: city or
country: hotel experienced. Box 4559, Can.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 513 Shot-
well st.
RESPECTABLE woman. Is good cook, wUl Jo
some washing, will go short way in country,
wants position In American family; is fond
of children; wages from $20 to $23. 794 Fol-
som st.
A GERMAN girl wants position as nursa for
child 3 years or over: speaks perfect Ger-
man and English; plain sewing; wages $-3-
Box 4443. CalL
A RELIABLE woman will care for Invalid pr
elderly person; is good reader and corre-
spondent: patient and cheerful. Mrs. Smith.
8 Pine D'.ace. off Pine st.. near Mason.
WANTED — A position a-* 'cook In Institution
or young ladins' school: wages from $4O to
}50. Box 4513. Call office.
WANTED — A position as cook Jn flrrt-cUsa
American family: wages from $33 to $40.
Box 4514. Call office.
A REFINED German young lady; cannot
speak English; for general housework la
small family. 676 Castro "st.. near 20th.
A SWEDISH girl wishes position to do gen-
eral housework in small family; wages $2(X
11531J Pacific st.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants a position
for general housework In a small family
2222 Post St.: no postals. • ,
WOMAN would like to do general housework
and cooking in small family: best of refs.;
2 years In last place. 933 Buchanan st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po-
sttion as cook or housework In a small fam-
ily; city or AUmeda. Eox 4493. Call office.
A FEW more engagements for massaging th«
hair and complexion, or in the sick room;
physician's reference. Box 44S7. Call office.
A RELIABLE woman wiohes worl* in th»
morning, or would help with. Invalid and
do mending. MRS. WRIGHT, 207 Eddy st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman with small
child: permanent place as cook In country
670 Harrison at.
A LADY wants work by the day $1. car fare-
reference If needed; can do housework. Eoi
4520. Call office. XMX
SITUATION wanted by ycuas colored woman
to assist in housework or work by the d.iy
; Call at 16 Stockton place.
GERMAN girl wants upstairs work and sew-
tng. Box 4752. Call office.
E «- P^££ ED BUr r wi " hea confinements."
Bt. Rlchland ave.: phone Capp 2S36.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements: $1 60 a
day. 67 Rlchland ave.; phone Capp. 2SM.
A p^one Y page ea 79^ 1 a3hlng h ° me: Opea •* d^
A WOMAN with large family wants washinz
or sawing to take home. 15 Germanla ave.
JAPANESE girl wants a position- general
housework and waitress at table. ' In small
Ji m _t CUy ' L KASANA - 3«H4 Ml=-
• HONEST Japanese girl desires a position as
Plain cock in small private family; wag"
It,tT,r a i7ar k - H : A ' 7 " Po " «.:.phJ»
C. A.. Tel. Fell -ail. 121 Halght st. -T'
GOOD Japanese girl wants a position at plain
- ££ k £* «* housework. K. I, UM •tock-
f *!!££ [ Articles lor Home Use |-£SS5
JYour Choice of Two
Valuable Premiums This Week
With Every Small Ad.
fffifjpp'igSiiSSgBg^^^'i^ SBWsBSMBl[ls^sWIMwiHBBBBHifESHH6jB^^^^v!^^^^^^^^^ffigSS
The Cleaver we give this week is a heavy ,- sub-
stantially made utensil, carefully hardened and
tempered in oil. It is made of crucible steel, fully
sharpened, and is rendy for immediate use. They
are packed in individual pasteboard boxes and are
BIG VALUE.
The Emery Steel is of equal value to the Cleaver,
• ahd will probably be preferred by many on account
of its being so essential to every household. It is the
very latest product of scientific manufacturing, is
substantially mounted and will prove most service-
able. Bring a Small Ad. to our office Thursday,
Friday or Saturday and choose FREE one of these
valuable household articles.
Call Business Office, Third and MarKet Sts.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
13
PEJSSONAI.S— -Cont__ ned.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pi:-
tiegs. bagglneas of eyes or any b.emlsh of
the face. Mme. Giilin^haxn invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other in this
city; demonstrator can b« seen dally. 143
Stockton st: write for booklet.
M. F—.LA HARRIS, French liquid powder;
gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture cf alabaster; a grsat
favorite witn actresses: will not rub off; s»nl
only $1 and test It for yourself. M. Eii_ Har-
rls. chemist and s_lr» specialist. 123 Geary st
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im
r roves Its growth.stops fallir.g.curea dacdruff
and Itching scalp: no statn or atickine**.
cleanses scalp: at druggists'. hairdressers' : ao.
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., HUM PoU.
DR. ROWELL'3 Fire of Life, a sure curs for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralcia. pneumonia,
tore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 10 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWF.T.L A BROWN. 40 Turk s.t. S. P.
FANCY and silk dresses oar-fully waahed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUXDJSY e»t<h.
18S9 2122 Fllimor* *:. ; phon* Oeary _05A
$1 a week: suits to order $15 up LEMO3. 112T
Market st.. bet. 8ev«-nth and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 13.3 Montgomery st
ONE dollar weekly keep» you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. ie44 Mkt.. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs
Eaton. SCO 3u:ter. Ml3s Eaton. 233 Geary.r.3A
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlgi;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO..C33 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been,
opened at 1008 Market st. opposlts Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m. .<
PHYSICIANS AND SUECEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flc« andresidenc^
1021^i Market st, bet Cth and 7th. particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM."" herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74«-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: i*?w methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Suttw.
PAPEBHANQiyO. PAINTCTQ. ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 10B7 McAllister St.; tel. Fell 2403.
PATEirrs.. ~~
INVENTIONS patented. F P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. ft Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
— PPRCTEfASINQ AGE3TCI-3.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin St.. room 4U; tel. South 319.
SEAfc ESTATE--CITT--rOB SA-B.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Or Investment residence and unimproved
properties will be held Tuesday, Nov. 15. 1904.
at our salesroom, 2t> Montgomery st. at 1_
o clock noon.
ESTELLE M. DUMONT ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
Subject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
S21-3-5 Turk st.. 87:6 west of Leavenworth;
Improvements consist of 3 houses of 6-7-9
rooms and bath each; rented nominally for
fio_ 50 per month; splendid holding to Im-
prove; bank mortgage of $14,500 at 6 per cent
can remain; lot 5trxS7:6.
M. McKENNA ESTATE..
ADMINISTRATOR SALE.
17. &• Fifteenth St.. bet. Valencia and Guerre-
ro; Improvements consist of two-story dwelling
of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25xlm>; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
SARAH RYAN ESTATE.
Administratrix Sale.
30!) Castro St.. between ltith and 17th: Im-
provements consist of a bay-window eottag»
of 6 rooms and bath, brick foundation, etc.;
lot 25x87:6; subject to confirmation by the Su-
r-erior Court.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
1408 McAllister St.. north line, bet Pierc<»
and Scott; improvements consist of an elegant
and substantially built residence of 15 rooms.
bath and servants' room, etc. ; large grounds,
garden and lawn; nicely situated: lnt (3stSZ:<l
RICHMOND DISTRICT PROPERTIES.
No. 1.
693 7th ave.. near C St.; n»w cottage of <l
rooms and bath; ni.-ely finished; rent $25.
No. 2. •-¦-'
604 C st. near '7th ave. ; new cottage of T
rooms and bath; nicely finished; rent $30.
No. 3.
600 and 602 C st. cor. 7th ave.; two nsw
flats of 6-5 rooms and bath each; rents $50.
No. 4.
T43 C st. bet. 8th and 9th aves.; new mod-
ern cottage of 7 rooms and bath; rents $00 per
month.
No. 5.
732 C St.. bet. 8th and 9th aves.; modern
dwelling of 7 rooms and bath; rents $30 per
month.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
2717-19 24th st. bet Alabama and Florida;
Improvements consist of a two-atory building,
containing store and flat of 5 rooms; rents
$37; lot 27x104:6. • , -
MISSION COTTAGE.
1320 York st». bet. 25th and 2tith sts.: Im-
provements consist of a bay-window cottag*
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 211x100; hank mort-
gage of $S0O at , C per cent can remain.
MISSION RESIDENCE
406 SOth st. bet Sanche. and Noe: Im-
provements consist of a two-story bay-window
dwelling of 8 rooms and bath: lot 23x114.
For catalogue and' further particulars apply
at our office.
.-. G. H. UMHSEN A- CO..
t 20 Montgomery st
FINE RESIDENCE LOTs! "
CLOSE TO TOWN.
$1400 TO $2250.
Go to-day without fall and see the property
on Devisadero St., bet Duboce ave. (13th st.)
and 14th st. Take Halght-st cars, get off at
either Scott cr Devisadero st. Lots only
two short blocks away. We are selling lots
here very fast, over 3O sold. Branch office on
property. -Mary fine, new hous-a being built.
Where can you *et a fine lot so close to th<»
city as you can now buy in this block at
from $1400 to $2250, on easy terms. Remem-
ber, the views are grand; stre-ts bttumlnlxeU
and accepted by the city: everything ready for
building; property so close to tha business
center of a great city cannot remain at the>
present figures asked for this land.
LYON A HOAO,
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXE9.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract:
level as a billiard table: on grade: close to
fine school and Mlsslon-st electric cars;
bound to double In value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocean Boulevard; best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the calldcea
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 3704.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT— $140 PEH
FRONT FOOT.
Lot 40x100. on sunny side of Howard rt.. 3.0
feet north of Fourteenth; In Mission warm
belt; no fogs, no winds; a splendid location for
4 flats and 2 stores; as an Income Investment
It wculd pay owner as follows: 4 Bata would
rent for $35 per month each. 2 stores $40 per
month each, making a total Income of over
$200 per month.
G. THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa, st. Ocean View.
$4500— 9-ROOM house; 1 lota; 4CS Fair Oaks.
$3400— $500 down; new house, 8 r. and b. :
Precita ave.
$1600— $400 down; new cottage. 4 r. and b.:
3O China ave.
$1300 — Cottmre. 5 r. and b. : on Folsom st
terms. D. COFFIN. 2528 Mission, nr. 21st.
OCEANSIDE cottage; a bargain; neat 4-room
cottage on 4Sth ave.: lot 25x114; $1SOO; $100
cash, balance like rent
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California st.. San Francisco, Cal.
FOR sal*— 3 colonial houses, 6 rocms. bat_
and basement: beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: east fide of Tenth av*.. n-ar
I st. Sunset. Hallett * Gee. on premises.
$1400— TERMS If desired: 36-foot front; block
of 19th and Valencia; street work complete.
The 1'oUn Co.. 1607 Market, opp. Franklin,
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. K' included,
any location, on $1 25 per weak. Mutual
Horn* Building Association. 427 Cro-sler bH,
HOU8E9- built cheap; plans free. Builder.
436 P-rrott building.
Continued on Pase Fourteen.
ri-TAyciAXi.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,600.000 00
Sunttut • 940.901 30
Investment C°rti_cat»s
Office— No. 14 Sanscme street,
San Francisco. Cal.
DON'T risk your r.jonsy in questionable vent-
ures when vou cm obtain "First Mortgage
Gold Bon<!V (firrt lien on downtown business
property) paying a' pood rate of Interest and
as iteoure as Government b^ds; s,l»i«!e bonds
JTtfO 00 each; interest payable 1 quarterly; at-
tornryn Feckinsr investments for clients and
triiFtoes n* <'«tntes itrifiuld l!ive«tleate this at
once. "Bonds." "9 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
rcld: itronjr Ractem connections: arlvlco free.
Write A. I* HARA. c 7.THrY. .*._2 Croyslyy b<lc
7ZJATS3JTO IiT?T.
A— HOT.'PES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
«t.. en the cquare.
ELLIS, 8_S— 2 large parlors and kitchen for
physician, hairdresser or milliner; $30; re-
cently tlniihtd.
LARKIN, 1930. 1936. 1944, near Broadway-
New moder"h flats 7 and 8 rooms; rents re-
duced to J30. $35, $37 BO.
FULTON. 9ldA. near Flllmore— Flat. 4
rooms, porcelain --"bath, china closet.
GOOD 7-room middle flat; bath: water free.
IIS Fulton St.. near City Hall.
HAYES, 1749. near park entrance — Modern.'
sunny flats. 3 to 5 rooms, bath; X10 to $22 50.
FIKTEENTh7~2_82— Hatement flat, 4 rooms;
$13. Apply on premises.
$20 — 5 ROOMS; bath, laundry, modern, sunny.
334 Cumberland, bet 19th-20th. nr. Church.
j LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on Ll'ON * HOAO. 110 Montgomery st
$27 5O~ NEW Park flat, 6 runny rooms, on
car lln*. 223 Parnassus ave.. nesr Stanyan.
i A WEEK'S news for 5 wnti- Th* Weekly Call.
I 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
r_ATS TO LET — -"-f-tyiSHEP.
HANDSOME sunny modern 5-roora flat; splen-
did Mew; healthy location; $30. 4230 Twen-
tieth St.. near Castro.
PINE. 2786— Hardscmely furnished parlor, flat
3 Jarge r. ; yard; also 3 r. and b. ; susny
bay window . furnished housekeeping.
rLATS rOB SALE— FURNISHED.
A MODERN, sunny upper flat; 7 large rooms;
newly furnished 3 months ago. 917 Jones
st.. near Bush. 9 to 5 p. m.
rURNITUBE WAZTTEO.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessia 761.
Don't «*11 your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL ray 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, imc, 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2338.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert "73 Mission St.. b«-
fore gelling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
rTjRiriT_ra_ roit sale.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 813
FURNITURE— Murt sell as- a whole or In
parts. 459A Tenth ave.. Richmond District.
HELPi^WAHTrp— FEMALE^
Cook for country hotel $40
Cook for San Jose $.15
Laundress, same place $'S0
Cook on ranch $25
Hourework. Angel Island $25
Cleaning woman, institution $20
German *econj girl and nurse $_O
Kitchen helper. Institution *25.
Wajtre«5 and chambermaid, country 125
Housework.- Alameda $30
Woman with a child, ranch $15
Second girl. 3 In family $_5
And a large number of girls for housework,
city and country $20 and $25
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & Co.. 334 Sutter st.
A NURSE, $25; first-class cook. $33; housework,
plrl, $:i5; second girl, $25; nurpe girl. $2o.
and a number of cooks and houseglrls, $-5
and $30. MRS. NORTON. 5CS Mason st.
THE Rcmayn-Shirk Register, Renting and Ad.
Co., r. 012-613 Grant bldg., tel. South 104—
Young woman, a*?t. md»e. clerk, t^M start;
one aast. operator on vests, $1 50 per day.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing.
mar.lrurir_. etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
Is 2 weeks; tuition JD to those entering now:
three iKiEitlons to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at -10 per week up; leading
echool In West. 233 Geary et. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5: positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recccnlzed college of Its kind on coast; day
and evenirc classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices, 133 Powell st.
WANTED — Woman for general housework:
must t>e a good cook and willing to wait on
table; no window, cleaning or outside work;
good wages. Apply 2626 Vallejo, near Scott;
mornings.
WANTED— A neat ar.d experienced French,
German or English girl to do light second
work anfi waiting: no others need apply.
863S Waehlr-cton st
WA-NTBD — Lady designer, high grade ladles'
neckwear; must understand cutting, make
up samples, manage factory; good pay; glva
references. Box 4561, Call.
YOUNG girl aa apprentice !n millinery depart-
ment to learn stock keeping. Apply 10 a. m
I. MAGNIN _ CO., 43-53 Ell!* st
WANTED — A yovmtr lady for embroidery
et-r.jpln;:. «rt department. Call at STRAUSS
& FROHMAN'S. 107 Post Bt
WANTED — A young girl to wait upon an
elderly lady; murt eleep home; call after 10.
BRADBURY HOTEL, room 10.
WANTED — In Frultvale, a refined, reliable,
younc woman a* mother'e helper; references
required. Box 459, Frultvale.
WANTED— A young girl or mlddle-a?ed wo-
man to assist Jn light housework; wages $10.
AfPly 327 Tourth et.
GIRLS to strip tobacco and band cigars.
HERMITAGE CIGAR MFG. CO.. 514 2d St.
YOUNG man dcrlres the services of a school
teachtr. Box *548, Call office.
FIRST-CLAES buttonhole maker on coats; no
other n»:ed appiy. 229 Stevenson Ht. room 5.
A YOUNG girl for general housework and to
assist In cooking. Call 1716 Geary st
WANTED— A Typist who will chew CHIC- :
LETS. « ¦ • ; ¦'-¦'"¦
PANTS finisher wanted at 156 New Montgom-
ery St.. room 16, second floor.
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework*;
eleep at home. 402A Francisco st
CAPABLE girl to assist in housework; $16 a
month. 22S Fifteenth ave.
LAUNDRY Jumble Ironer; position steady
Apply this a. ra. at 7C0 McAllister St.- :..¦"¦.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats; steady
work; Brood pay. 533 Natoma St.
WANTED — First-clae* tallotees; on* that can
baste out edges preferred; good wages and
steady work to the right party Apnly to
S. N. WOOD _ CO.. 49 Geary st
PANTS finishers wanted by 8. N. WOOD A
CO. Apply at 49 Geary st
LADIES*, we will teach barber trade free to C
more ladles and pay them. $10 each for first 8
weeks: call or write. JNO. A. MOLER'3
Barber College (correct number), C44 Clay st.
WANTED — Women and girls over 10 years to
do pleoework at hom«: no experience neces-
sary. Call HABERTON. 1235 Market st
room 20. "
WANTED — A first-class fitter in cloaks suits
and waists: references required. Address box
HH, Call office.
MIDDLK-AGED Irdy or cirl wanted: «hort dis-
tant In country; for general housum-o-k-
only. - In ian-.»y. Apply 692 Ciroen St.... city.
LaDIES for steady home employment: $V~to
$12 weekly. Emma Ppreskels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket *t. room CIS.
GIRL to assist In housework: email family"
1413B Mason st
MEPICAI-
IF there is any woman who Is suffering from
any of the ailments peculiar to her sex I can
offer her Immediate relief. I have devoted
my entire life to' this work. I NEVER
FAIL. I ask fair fees, and I GUARANTEE
results In each case. If you have been dis-
appointed coma to me. Perfect satisfaction
is then insured. I am the oldest graduate
specialist In the city giving attention exclu-
' slvely to ladles' troubles.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st. rooms T and 8
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
, fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est 14 years. DR. It
H. WESTON. office, 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male foubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1OO8V4 Market St., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
VALPEAU'S female pills; beat regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists, Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well know n ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience In female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs;. when others
fall see the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor st, near Geary.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
LAD1KH suffering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
Bt; relief guaranteed; no drug's, no operations.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of trtatma.it. 1126 Market
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Oleason-Ruggles Drug- Co.,Keamy & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st, corner
- 2tltb: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MINES AND MINIHTO.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO, Crossley bldg.
MISCE-IiANEOTJS— "OB SALE.
1 40 H. P. firebox boiler; complete; new.
1 Worthlngton compound pump, 500 gal. mln.
1 Worthlngton pump, 6x4x0.
1 Worthlngton oil plant; complete.
1 dishwashing machine; complete.
1 10 H. P. Q. E. motor; mw.
1 Lane planer, 27x12.
1 30-ln. extractor.
1 20-ln. extractor.
1 15 H. P. engine; complete.
1 lot of laundry machinery.
WM. SPECK. 421 Market st, room 87.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 196-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair it with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
FOR *ale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
- COLLENDER. 652 Mission st
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
J .charges. 11 34 at. . Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments., DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st, room 12, upstairs.
DEEP-WELL drilling outfit; steam power.
William Edward & Co., Ill Fremont Bt.
STOVES disconnected and connected: $2 50;
plumblng.gasfltng.409 McAUlster;tel.Mlnt 30S6
FOR sale — Llewellyn setter dog 10 months old.
Addrers box 4538. Call office.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 523 Market st
Wallpaper. 3%c; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
enlng. Merlgan.1302 Webster;tel.Stelner 3671.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers. Includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Thlrd:tel.Maln 413.
Dl'SKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st.: tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains.. Dullard & Breck, 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE «ngtnes. automobiles and launches;
all Elzea. J. E. DOAK. 4B Fremont st
MISOEr.-A—XOTJ3 WAITTa. ¦
AAAAAA — BUYS any amount good second hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom: tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothlnjr.Tel Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st
WANTED^— To purchase light spring wagon,
horse and harness cheap for cash. 775 Mis-
sion, THOMAS PARNELL.
DIAMONDS nnd precious stones bought for
"cash. KARL EBER A CO., room 40fl, Ad-
ams bldg., 206 Kearny st; phone Black 3038.
WANTED — a No. 3 Oliver typewriters; state
condition, price. Ad. "A," Call. San Jose.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th Bt ; tet. Jessie 3910.
Levy & Ridler. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, chocs; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
.... INTEREST 5% AND « PER CENT
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies/ es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests in prop-
erty, probate realty leans, . stocks and bonds,
legacies and unolvlded Interests In property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 6924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601.602-603 Examiner bulldlns.
Quick settlement*; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property, purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
' When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY. "¦ ' ' ¦ .
¦ , A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
•\ Chattels, in city, tewn
: or country. ¦
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars . '
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
____________
Money leaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any cne: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 36'Oeary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per ¦- cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Markat: tel. Mal.i 1B44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, : boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
¦ principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bid*. - .
MONEY, chattel-, other, propositions. Bannan 4
'. Hall . room 1213 Call bids; phone Main 8211, .
MQgET TO I.OArr— ContlnneA.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st..
near Market . .
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
PRIVATE — Money loan«d on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.: cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 523 Parrott Hid.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano*; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2't Montgomery St.. rm. -I.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bids.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamond*, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bit. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry ot 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
8 % ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
-nrsxc-x inststjkents.
GABLER piano, the oldest, exclusive high-
class piano In America: over 50.000 sold in
the past fifty years. Heine Piano Co.. 233-
237 Geary St.. San Francisco; 1252 Bread-
way. Oakland. - Manufacturers of the Peer-
lens Heine; largest stock and greatest va-
riety; Installments and rents $2 up; prices
from J25 to $1000.
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mussard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer— Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chlckerlng — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany caBe, 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 OFarrell st
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st
ELEGANT $400 piano for $130; private party.
301 Eddy st
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
8OHMER. Byron Mauzv pianos, Ceeellan piano
player. BYRON MAU2Y. 303-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st
S-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Phonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 235 O'Farrpll.
MATTB-SS-8 AKS PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
PERSONALS.
" B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N.
PUBLIC "FREE HEALING" before audience
TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. (Office hours 2 to 7.)
RADIUM HALL, 783 v, Market and 1 Fourth
(corner Market and Fourth.)
"NON-MEDICAL" humanized Radium power Is
(solely) used In Rexradlo's treatments; no
medicine, no medical Instruments used.
"NAMES" and testimonials of patients al-
luded to BELOW shown at offices.
"DEAF MUTES" — Several recently made to
hear and SPEAK what they beard. Numer-
ous witnesses, one being Mr. Butler, well-
known S. F. CHRONICLE representative.
"TOTAL DEAFNESS" Rexradlo finds to be a
mere BAGATELLE; nearly every case "be-
gins" to hear "whispered" words after 3 sec-
onds' treatment. (Deaf mutes the same.)
"OSSIFIED" LADY, Mni]~knowle», 379 Bart-
lett, by (one) treatment had her locked -AN-
CHYLOSED Joints made freely "movable"
several weeks ago; no "relapse." but still
further progress to date.
"BLINDNESS" seemed Imminent; within 3
days Rexradlo restored good sight
."LEAPING" CRIPPLE; paralysis; dragged
foot, limb nearly "powerless"; 10 second*'
treatment and I LEAPED before audience."
"LONG DISTANCE" HEARING. My ear to-
tally deal from childhood; by 1 treatment
heard (whisper) at 70 feet"
"FEMALE WEAKNESS" — My trouble was
quickly removed by Rexradio.
'"CANCER" disappeared In on* hour after
Rexradlo's (one)* treatment
"UP IN THE AIR" in elevator with man
having '"crooked" arm. Couldn't straighten
It Rexradlo was there, too, and by "mo-
ment's" touch straightened It before descend-
ing elevator stopped. Editor of TOWN TALK
was present. Witnessed by me — WILLIAM
ORMSBY.
"BEDRIDDEN" — I saw Rexradio treat man
for years "helpless" In bed, had to be
. "lifted" In and out of bed; Instantly rose
(unaided) from bed. Other similar cases.
"REXRADIO'S" (one) treatment straightened
my "bent" limb (rheumatism).
"TYPHOID FEVER" overcome by only two
' treatments; no RELAPSE. — Knott, 112 Fell.
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA"— Couldn't stand un-
supported; 1 treatment Tuesday and Instant-
ly stood, walked "unsupported."
"ANCHYLOSIS" of knee; couldn't straighten
leg or move knea; did both Instantly.
"HE SEES" objects (outlines) at 30 feet;
eyes "blind" 7 years (1 treatment Tuesday).
"REXRADIO'S" 1 treatment entirely removed
my "dropsy" and straightened limb.
"SUICIDE" avoided; protracted disease ren-
dered life a burden; orten thought of sui-
cide, after spending largely, vainly, for re-
lief; then Rexradlo made quick, complete
cure, months ago; no RELAPSE.
"REXRADIO" rescued me quickly from th»
fiery purgatory of "neuralgia."
"ANCHYLOSIS of Joints, knees, ankles/ hips,
toes, fingers, wrists, elbows, shoulders, neck,
etc., which others deem 'Incurable,' have
often yielded to Rexradlo's very first treat-
ment' " Testimonials shown.
"PAINS" of all kinds (neuralgia, sciatica,
rheumatism, gout, etc.) usually have been
expelled by Rexradlo's "first" treatment.
Proofs — Numerous testimonials.
"RESURRECTION" excepted. BROKER, one
of our leading cltUens, recently (publicly)
said: "I have seen Rexradlo do nearly In-
credible healing wonders In my office. I
verily believe he can do almost anything but
RAISE THE DEAD. I am ready to put up
my money on It"
"$1000 FORFEIT" if above digests ui vases are
not "genuine." Stacks of testimonials.
"NOTE THIS" — Names of all above patients
given at offices to persons similarly afflicted;
we object to "publication" of their name«.
Above "digests" of cases 1 refer to results of
"first" treatment, which benefits usually be-
come perfect and permanent ' after a few
"further" treatments.
"REXRADIO" can and does PO ALL HE
CLAIMS TO DO. HE FEARLESSLY CHAL-
LENGES COURTEOUS (CRUCIAL) INVES-
TIGATION.
"CONSULTATION" given free. TERMS for
treatment to suit circumstances.
"PUBLIC HEALING" before audiences free to
poor TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. Rexradlo also
publicly gives every one In audience deelrlng
It a "sample" of his peculiar healing power.
Bring your paralytics, mutes, etc. (worst
cases). Come early to avoid crowding. RA-
DIUM HALL. 7S3tt Market st. and I Fourth
(corner Market and Fourth).
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twlr.e In hank or chain, at loweit
rates. .. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st, Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
sels, tapestry and msquette; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
662 Market st. Oakland: take West 8th car.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS* London
Tailor. 7ZI Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of fuTnttu* 1 * for $7 50
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. neax PowelL
THE4RB Is not a first-class eandy store in
town that does not sell CHICLETS. I
Expert furniture repairing. polishing; upholster-
lntc; carp.lay'g. Tow«y's.370FeH.PhonePagel45a.
U. ANDERSON. 28 O'FarreU st— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
MR8. DR. GWYE5R. B11A Leavenworth st. be.
tween Geary and CFarrell. Tel. East C97/
SUITS to order on Installments of >1 per week
NgUHAUS CO.. th« tailors. 729 Markat st
ELEGANT sulu to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
j EAEY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Ordar. Co-ooeratlve Tailoring. 1117 Ukt
HEI.P -WAITTEP — MAUS.
A — MURRAY & READY. 034-036 Clay st
Phone Main 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We Fpeal: the German. French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danifh languages. :^,'.'-"!*;'v
1903 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
tO.OCO Men Work. Increase C0.000.
Conl Miners. FREE FARE. Coal Mineral
Oregon State. OREGON. State Oregon.
- 10
Coal miners for a good mine, big wages.
Ship To-day. Fare Refunded. Ship To-day:
WASHINGTON,
Coal miners for State of Washington $3 to
$3 75.
GOLD AND COPPER MINES. . BILVER
MINES. MINES.
6 hand miners, good quartz mine, $82 50.
4 miners, cold mine. ?90
CONCENTRATOR MAN.
Concentrator man, good gold mine, $75.
U. S.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA. STATE NEVADA.'
$1 FEE. SHIP TO-DAY. ?1 FEE.
20 teamsters. 2 and 4 horees. $75.
20 laborers; no experience needed, $75.
A— MISCELLANEOUS
MECHANICAL.
3 hardwood carpenters, $3 75 day.
Blacksmith, country, $00 fd.: 3 bench hands,
$1)0; machine hand, planing mill. $3 50.
HOTEL HELP.
0 cooks. 4 waiters, 7 kitchen hands and dish-
washers, butchers, bakers.
FARMS AND DAIRIES. :•
21 farm hands, C milkers, 0 choremen and
choreboys; city and country.
0 STABLEMEN.
SPECIALS
MINES.
5 machine miners, gold mine, $90.
Donkey engineer, near city.
Cement finisher, near city
3 laborers, lumber yard, «2 day.
Butcher, city Job. $15 week.
4 boys to wrap soap, $4 week.
Carpenter, ranch, San Mateo County, $40 fd.
Carpenter, flninher, city, $4 day; tailor, coun-
try shop; bookkeeper and stenographer, coun-
try butcher shop; wcfklng foreman, ranch,
south, f35 to ?4t> and) found.
FOREMEN.
Foreman carpenter to run gang 15 men on
concrete work; see boss here
WALKING BOSS.
Walking boss for construction gang. $85 fd.
MINERS.
4 miners. Nevada, S hours, $3 60 to $4.
Milker and wife. Marln Co.. see boss here,
550 and found.
Butcher, country Fhop, $30 and found.
CARPENTERS.
MURRAY & REAPY. 034-836 Clay st.
4 MACHINE miners, gold mine, south, ' $75 fd.
Elevator- boy. city Job. J15 and found.
Baker, country shop. f5O and found.
MURRAY A REAPY. 634-633 Clay st
NEW WORK.
15 teamsters for new work In center of min-
ing district, $80, f«re $1 00; ship to-night
10 laborers, same Job, $60. "
MURRAY A READY, 634-639 Clay st.
A— STEWARD. . ~~ 7~
Steward for boarding-house of large com-
pany; must be experienced man. able to
furnish bonds and references, $75 to $100
end found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-036 Clay st
CARTOONIST to cartoon walking delegate for
our office. MURRAY & READY, 634-63G
Clay st.
— *
TYPEWRITER, also a good stenographer, both
for our office. MURRAY & READY C34-
C36 Clay st.
A— NEWSPAPER reporter to assist HER-
BERT V. READY. 034-636 Clay st.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
SOC Market Bt. room &>\ 5th floor.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
. - Stenographer ...... ...:.; .'. . .$15'week
Manager d^rartmfnt store $L'5 week
Uili and entry clerk $15 week
I>ru* clerk $12 , see k
. Checker $1.5 we .»k
Timekeepers $15 WM k
Accountant fi& to JL>5 week
Collector $15 W eek
Floor manager $13 week
11 shipping clerks $15 w «ek
General office work $15 week
Hank clerk, bond required $25 week
Young man, learn dentistry $10 week
SOU Market St., room S25, fifth floor.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES RECORD CO. !
phone Main 5040.
Wine salesman. $100.
Clothing salesman, $C5.
Driver, $8 week and commission.
2 drivers, good salary.
Neat young men salesmen. $2 day.
Diamond and Jewelry salesman for retail
house, city. $100.
.'t experienced glove salesmen, $75.
2 Jewelry salesmen, Oregon, Washington,
salary and commission.
2 boys, electrical house, ?5 week.
Placer miners. Alaska $30 day
New Demokrat hldg.. 51 3<\ st.. rooms 9-10.
AT HORD A SMITH'S, ~
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
Choreman, hotel, near city, $15 and found.
Young man for flower store, experienced, $12
FREE FARE.
Laborers. $1 75.
Teamsters, $2.
New railroad work, free fare.
Amador County, teamsters, $2.
CLOTHING and furnishing goods salesman, for
cour.try. $20 week ond commission; shoe
salesman, country, $75 month; brick setter.
$2 50 day; 3 brick sorters and wheelers,
$2 28 day: swamper. $40 and board: farmer,
$30 and board: milker and wife, ?C0 and fd.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacrament st
THE Romayn-Shlrk Register,. Renting and
Adv. Co.. rooms C12-C13 Grant bldg.: phone
South 1-0-4 — We want 2 thoroughly exp.
salesmen for a first-class gent's furnishing
goods house: al»r> 2 for a first-clasH clothing
house, fine position, top wages; errand boy
MEN— The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learntnc. '
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber Collegre, 64fi Sacramento st.
Lately moved from Clay st.
3-CHAIR 10c barber shop; rent $12 50; price
is S150; shop taking in from $-13 to $55 a
week; 2 chair* steady. Addreis 227 I »t.,
Sacramento. Cal.
I WANTED — Boys. 17 and 18 years old. for
wrappers. Apply superintendent's office. The
Emporium.
EXPERIENCED J-welry engraver wanted.
Apply superintendent's office. The Empo-
rium.
WANTED— Active and Intelligent office boy,
about iO years old: answer in handwriting
of applicant. Box 4781, Call. 1
WANTED — First-class pantsmaker; good
chance: young Easterner preferred. . 19C8
Flllmore st ¦
WANTED — Boy with little experience to carry
out bread and help on cakes. 'Apply to 1080
Clay st. cor. Mason. -.-•;• •^.'
WANTED — Man and wife for a good road
show; no experience required. Address box
45C0. Call office.
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing; steady
work. 2801 Mission st.
YOUNG man desires the services of a school
teacher. Box 454ft, Call.
WANTED — Lithographer; permanent position;
good salary. Box 4550, Call.
WANTED — Every young man to ask his drug-
gist for CHICLETS. __ .
WANTED — Flrst-ilass saloon porter: $12 week.
Call early. 152 East St., corner Howard.
LAUNDRY Jumble ironer; position steady. Ap- ,
ply this morning at "CO McAllister st.
WANTED — A first-class watchmaker. SOR-
ENEEN CO.. 103 Sixth at.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing-. 693
Howard *t.
ERRAND boy to make himself useful In gents'
furnishing store. ROGERSON. 535 Valencia.
FOR sale — Well located barber shop; good
transient trade. Box 4881, Call.
A NO. 1 10c barber shop for ssle; guaranteed
627 Sacramento st. , •
GOOD, fctrcng boy about 18 to learn hat trad«;
gooil chance for. boy willing to work. Pacific
Coast Hat Works, 1458 Market *t.
BOY In drug store; experience preferred. El-
lis and Mason sts. . ¦ . 1
USEFUL, competent- German, liquor store;
tena bar: state age and refs. Box 4518. Call. '
CO^WEKOO) fuirr and teUneri v.a:iTi
»<<rk by tbc d»y In farr.<:i..*; raj-M worker;
rtrect and house dm pecs. DL'NEAS box
3C, IUA Larkin street
GERMAN eoverr-rs wishes cour.try position;
thorough modcUa; cxi^ricnced teacher;
piano, hinging. German and English branches,
literature. Mlsy Wagner. P. O.. Frultvale.
A CAPABLE cMrr'.y i 3( jy wl«h*« to take
>-l-.arcr of jfTowr. »-h!>;i-«-n: no cbjf-ctlon to
•t.uz.try: Gtrruan ii-mruci'.cn If desired. Box
4720. Call.
ADVERTISEMENT?, subscriptions received at
Call Ilranch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT arts and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's P.ezaar. Ka McAllister st
EIgPI,Oy_fx;gT WANTED— M-AI.E._
Kir.ST-CLAES French. Italian. English cook
tr.d pastry willies position; tity: experienced;
ftney work: prftraM family; wages $i"-
J. EKPOSITO. fc.lt; Loavenworth «. ; phone
Larkln i'jtc.
A COMPETENT man. single wishes a position
near c.ty, steady, to care for a place; expe-
rienced in orchard, good driver, gajienlng
and handy with carpenter too'.s. Address
box 4S73. Call office.
A A— A FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger,
tlnttr and grciner desire* work by the day
or job; :*.!.;-¦ .«^t work guaranteed; RooJ
work very re*«-jr.ab'.y don's. 1454 Devisaders.
AA— A COACHMAN wishes a position; under-
•:_n<*.s parden:ng. milking; handy with tools;
good horseman an1 driver; teert or references.
Box 44U-". Cal'..
TraTfTtTTJ ri«"lrn to milk cows, tend horses
or take care «f r'.toe-; references. Address
GEORGE WOLLAP. Doninican .Sis-^ra.
Twenty. fourth and Guetrrr:) sts.
A SITUATION wanted to tak» care of rrl v ate
; iti » by trustworthy man; understands par-
«ienln(f. milklnit. handy with tools; good
fcor*emar: fli— '.-cla#s refs. liox 455S. Call.
A GENTLEMAN cf education, a lueld ar.d
•ronJcnt with a good hou*^. A.Mre«s. stating
salary. F. D., box <:>4S. call off.ee.
EITTATION wanted— To take caro of a 1 private
p!»c* liy s trustworthy man; understands
l:. - ' -. r.f.- hones and miikiag. M. M., -Z>s 3
'.M.!;.n St.
A— CREDIT mar., or.e who kr.ows hi* business,
rapable —.king charge of ar.y sized concern,
wants position. Bex 4780. Call.
YOCNG German with iarnily w'.shes place on
ranch to work on shares. C*:i or address
_. B.. 1C20 Thirty-second st. Oakland.
WANTED -Position In cand7 factory; am old
hand: have had 16 year*' exp. ; have worked
in Nati'-inal Candy and Biscuit Co. 10 years.
:.. + f.-.r< tin* novelties in candy, such as
glace*, cordial* and cre&tn work of all kinds;
c«ji meke r.e» goods that srUl sell and boom
»our business. Adflreis HENKY SEVER-
SON. C58 Grove st. city.
FIRST-CLASS chef, experienced In German.
French. Portuguese and American kitchen.
pusSMun on the 15th or 1st of next munth:
held f--"j ;-...-•:-:¦ r.f- often In Germany aa chef.
Box «r.:.; u.i orfic*.
TOUNG Hawaiian would liks position In phD-
tccraj>h ga^iery: understands developing anJ
rrlrtlng of pictures; 4 years' experience.
Box 4521. Call office.
A MIL»I>LE-AGEr> trectleman withes to take
<-hanr« of a country hotel or city barroom;
th« best of rvferencec and security c&n be
given. Box 4751. Call.
GliNTLEMAN of *roo£ ad£re*s withes engage-
ment with firm as traveler or collector: good
refprerH'eg a* to character; cash boro if re-
Address J. M. ALVARUS, '81
Ellis ft.. c:tr.
A YOUNG rr.nr., 18. Ju»t out from Sweden.
«tehe* to Ie*m carpenter trade. Please call
cr answer. 2031 Nineteenth £t.; no poctals
tnswered.
A GERMAN, rr.id<I'.e-aged and flr.ple. wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery and bar-
r.xmi; co.«l references. W. BOHLING. 417
K»-arr.y st.
A YOfXfi man. »ob<-r. relist!*, capable, of
Rood a(id:t«>. references, wishes position as
traveling »ule*man; any 31ne except cigars.
liquor*. Br.x 4741. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER ar.d salesman. 24. understand*
*tf;nocruphy and typewriting, wants position,
city or opuntry; can furcifh cash bond. Box
<7S». Call ornce.
¦".¦ '•"!.; 1 .:*- oomclon of tnr kind, where a
know-Wee at office work and willingness
to work it wanted; am 34 years old: have
nart*rn references. Box 4722. Call office.
T0CXG man well educated, accurate and re-
liable, with knowledge of bookkeeping and
buficess experience, wants position; refer-
ences Box 4447. Call.
YOUNG man. rood wrirker. steady. • reliable
end temperate; anything where he can ad-
vance; reasonable wages. Box 4714. Call
effiee. Otklor.d.
inrPLE-AGED man wants p'.ace: private
famliy; good all. round man; gardening,
ronking: reference; »agcj moderate; used tm
h'.r»e*. Box 4715. Call office.
A COLORED tr.an wants work as houseman;
c&n da plain cooking: can drive team; has
reference*. W. CHOCLATE, 18 fieventi st,
room lit.
FOBER. industrious man wants work on pri-
vate plare; reference* furnished. Box 4553,
Call otfice.
NEAT and honest young waiter. 20, vingle,
wants position In ealonn, restaurant or lunch
counter: Dot afraid of work. Box 4553, Call.
YOUNG German, steady. Industrious and hon-
eist desire* position at anything; well recom-
mended. Bnx 4543, Call.
COACHMAN. w:ilin»- to work and obliging, can
milk, wistieji position, city or country; ref-
erences. A6£:e?s box 4M1. Cali office.
RELIABLE man. thcrruichlr experienced in
wine end liquor business, cellar and store,
wlihea position. H. EXCEL, ::«; Turk st.
FI!tST-CLA£S barter want* position for even-
ir.E*. Saturi *y and fc'ur.day. Box 4737, Call.
TOUKO Otrirsn, »te»<!y, honest an3 Industri-
ous. de»lres position at anything; best refer-
rnemm. Hex 4758. Call offic*.
NON-UNION blsckirfith with Al r» commenda-
tion* warts work wl'.h responsible parties.
1C28 Hussell rt., Berkeley.
GP.OCTRT tnd bar clerk wants position: 10
years' experter.ee. Addre«s F. E. M.. !>C7U
IIo— arfl «t.
JIKLIABLE man. thoroughly experienced In
Trine anrt liquor business, cellar and store,
wisbc* r-os!tlt>n. H ENGEL. 3S7 Turk st.
YOCNG rnan wishes position as bcrtender.
Box 4_57. Call office. % :, -.- i
JANITOR, first c'.2.s:.. desire* a situation. Box
4r,33. Call orf.cr.
¦WANTED — A- cituaticc as cook; 1s also a good
baktr. 14 1 4 Bernard st.. eft" Taylor.
A P.ELIABLE man want* position as night
watcLir.an; refe;eac«s. I. B., 756 Folscm st.
A YOUNG Japanese who has the experience
t ."¦! ¦ ¦> a situation r.s a dishwasher or kitchen
* ' :?¦ in a buclnens house In country or city.
M. £A\YA. JhJO Stockton St.. city.
A NEAT Japanese desire* a po'citlon as school-
boy in *mn.l! family; good plain cook. 8. K.,
1-1 Halght ft . Japanese MlF»!on.
A YOUNG Jarancse —arts work in country;
care qT cowb. liirrea and garden. M. KU-
IvATA. 4C3 Etrvenaon st
JAPANKSn cook wants a position as school-
boy. M. V.. Japanese Mlsslcn; phone Sut-
ter 41S2.
JAPANESE good boy wishes DOfltlon. any kind
cf work: rpeaks good. English. D. SADA.
liA Stockton ft. : phone Bush *0.
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants position ''
t.ousework. G. Y.. 20 Lewis place, San Fran- '
Cisco
A NEAT Japir.e.'« J«elre» a po«Ucn as school-
bry In cmji!! family; good plain cook. S. K.
121 U:-..t '..'. st.. J&panese MUslon.
COOD Jarxncte boy ivactx situation as a
rrhoclboy: near Hamilton £ch;>cl. Al. K
035 McAlllner St. cltr. -
A JAFANnsr tyry wants a position as school
boy. VI'lL I><-vl*a<3gro; telephone Scott 548.
JAPANESE couple went positions; man cook.
_j*7lfe waltrew. K. OKI, 807 Polk st.
A JAPANESE boy mantF a position a» schnoT
boy. UI'5 Devisadero St.; phone Scott 848.
'A JAPA?:n!-i:, experiences cock, want* posi-
tion, housework. G. Y.. CO Lewis place.
A CHINESE, fxperlenred first-class cock,
nnjcHrh. French, : wishes position; city hotel
or re«aurant boardlntr-houye: meat and
iinsiry cocking: clean, neat: (,-ood reference!!:
satisfaction. CHARLEY WILLMON. 1113
Clay *!.
CfBVESC finrt-cia.es cojk. cVrlres rosltlnn In
*>ocrdlrs-housp or h<jtel- cify or country
VSVi Stockton 'A., bet, i'r.cifio and Broadway!
« iTINnEE. ccix! ccck. wart* portion; French,
G<rir.an it fun!!}- co^k. S41 Clar ft
•I T >At-fIFIKD ¦rtvert'.scir.cnts svnd subscription*
r»cejved «* Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor* st
A BRANCH office' for Call advertisements and
subkcriptlons has bees eclsblUhed at 10&0
Valencia 9U '' '
MAJ^-Cjontljane^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, — —429 Bush st.
Pastry cook and confectioner, country
hotel ...$H5 found and up
Pastry cook and baker, country hotel, $75 fd
Lunehman, saloon, city $55
Shop butcher who can drive wagon, city;
per week $14 to $18
Masseur baths, eprlngs, $30 mo.; found and
60 per cent of receipts.
Gardner, see party In city.... $30 fd. and up
Married gardner, country.. $50. house
Solicitors, tea and coffee house — good pay.
Teamsters and laborers $2 50 day
U. S. canal — State of Nevada.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 420 Bush st
MEN— The original JNO, A. MOLER has
opened one of his famous barber colleges at
044 Clay Bt.: trade taught In 8 weeks: tuition
earned while learning: constant practice; ex-
pert Instructions; positions guaranteed. Call
or write (correct number) 044 Clay st.
WANTED — First-class carriage woodworker;
must be able to take charge of woodshop:
good wages to competent man. 100 Golden
Gate ave.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a good
trade; steady work; paid while learning;
•must have $25 security. Call at 618 Mer-
chant st, between Kearny and Montgomery.
MEN and women to learn the barber trade;
It won't cost you one cent: we teach you
free at HAIGHTS BARBER SCHOOL, 611
Commercial st. •
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving partleulari. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50o per night
WANTED — Educated gentleman competent for
. encyclopedia work; salary $1000; references
I required. 47, Academy of Sciences.
WANTED — First-class barber, one who speaks
Polish language, for country; wages $20 per
week. Box 4537, Call office.
WANTED — Schoolboy to carry morning paper
north Market St., c-ast Powell; no Sunday
work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattress; electric
light In every room. 681 Howard st
8. F. Barber College, 741 Howard St.. wants all !
young men to knov that It has the finest '
equipped school west of St. Louis; red. ratea
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 503 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta..
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d ct., Exam.bld. ;open till 9 p.m.
WANTED— Goodyear operator; steady Job. Ap-
ply Evans Shoe Co.. Napa. Cal.
BARBER shop in business block; would ex-
change for country one. Box 4750, Call.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; 627 Clay st.
Call bet. 10 and 12 a. m.
BARBER ehoD for sale In the country. In-
qulre at DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis et.
ONE man to learn the barber trade, absolutely
free of charze. 751 Mission st.
MEN to learn the detective profession. 997
Market *t.. room 104.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
tne world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth St.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machlrery: sewed soles 10 min.. 75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 617 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r.415.
PENSION atty.. E.A.Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free .'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
beep opened .at 1008 Market St. opposlts
•Firth. Orten UritlT'lV p. in. . " .'"
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
prlre. fiC't Mission nt.. het. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES. AND WAGONS.
A — 30 HEAD of work and driving horsea, 8
lar_->- mares, 1 fast pacer, 2 saddle horses,
harness, wagons and buggies; must be sold;
will exchange. Corner Fifteenth and Shot-
well sts., near Folsom.
TEAM of Jet black horses, 17 hands, 5 years
old, weight, 1 250 apiece, price $700; broken
single or double; sound and true. JOHN DA-
VILLA, Jones ave., Elmhurst, Cal.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Coeta
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S. F.
COBBLE-SORE, footsore horses for soft re-
clalmed river lands; fair prices paid; must
be sound. Box 4488, Call; tel. Main 767.
A SACRIFICE: rubber tire open hack; good
condition; new harness. HARRY WELLER
12W Market St.
FOR sale— Span of 7-year-old Norman horses;
1450 lbs: well broke and sound. 15 Spear st
AUCTION sale 70 horses, Thursday, November
10, 11 a. m.. U-G Valencia st.
FOR sale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st.
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagone sold cheap. 1680 Mission st, nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale nf horses, wagons and harnees
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, eurreys, buggies, wagons,* har-
nesa. work & driving horses. 15th - Valencia.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery.
TO let — Rear house of 4 rooms; 1332 Larkln
Apply 13.10 Larkin st.
HOUSES TO LET — rtraHTSSEO.
OAK, 410— Completely furnished modern house,
10 rooms, 2 baths, garden and yard.
A NICELY furnished 8-room house; sunny
corner: piano. 12 to 4. 130S Lairuna st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HOUSES rUBNISHED — FOR SAX.B.
15-ROOM house for sale cheap account of
slcknes*. Apply SIS Geary st.
HOUSE-CLEANING; OFFICES.
JAPANESE housecleaning company and shoe-
maker. 018 Gough st; phone Howard 3583.
LOST AND POUNDS
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbcrnia Sav-
Inga and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of MARTIN CLANCY, No. 252-
2K2; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Coral beads, with sliver ornament, on
©"Fun-ell st, Tuesday evening; finder will
be rewarded If left with superintendent' at
Hale Bros., 979 Market st. ¦
LOST — Pocketbook, between Cosmos Club and
downtown; marked' "O. E. B."; liberal re-
ward for return with contents. Addrese J. K.
ARMSBY CO.. 134 Market st.
LOST— Ladles' gold, watch: monogram L H.
H. on case; reward. L. M. HICKMAN,
Sautallto. 0
LOST — Nov. 9, 1904, Waltham watch. Fourth
and- Townsend: James M. Kelly, • April 11,
1SU2. Return to 1136 Pacific St.; reward.
LOST — An opportunity to be happy by a young-
lady who did 'not chew CHICLETS.
LOST— Dog, white Spitz; answers to the
name of Ted; a liberal reward. 228 27th st
BROWN spaniel, white breast, short tall. Re-
turn to 212H Steiner st. . .
LOST — One bay mare. Reward, Eighteenth
and Danvers st," grocery.
LOST — Alligator hand satchel, . Sunday, Nov.
6; reward. 828 Buchanan st.
STRAYED from 11 Belden place, black and
- tan bitch; reward of $20; no questions asked.
MALTESE cat, - strayed from 894 Green st. ;
liberal reward. ¦ :'' - . . . .
-PUNCHES FOR HIRE. '
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st: for pleasure and business: tel. Bush '634.
MACHINERY — Bought, Sold. Exchanged.
WANTED — Second-hand ." swing ". saw. - and
, planer. JOHN T. - GRAHAM. NW.oor. Pr»-
erfta ave. and Alabama Bt - . -.., '.'
- -: , .... _..-.¦..¦¦, _ '¦-... ,;;•" ¦/¦>¦ . ¦ ~*^~^ - . **^~^ ¦*_— _a_— __, _U___1 iTlllM II _WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 0.
Henry and Mary B. Wadsworth to Katherine
A. Herrmann (wife of 'James), rerecord "U7"
D. 290. lot on'N line of Union street 137 fl w
of Pierce, -W 23 by N 137:6; $10.
George H. and Susa nne Richard or Richards
to Louis B. Floan. -lot on NE corner of De
visadero and Duboce streets. N 36:9, E 118-9
S 49:4%, W 119:0%: $10.'
Christina Goetze. to Jurcen von Staden.' lot
on S W corner of | Bush and Scott streets S 25
by W. 87:6; $100.- .
'.-. City and County of San Francisco to Metro-
DOlitan Laundry Company,' lot . cotnmencins 00
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
300 Sovereign 33
1G Cal Jockey Club 112 6O
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANQB.
Following were the ealea on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
100 Best & Belch.l C5l 200 Julia 05
100 Best & Belch.l 10! ICO Ophlr 2 45
6OO Con Cal & V.I 80j 300 Savage 2fl
2000 Con Imperial. Oil 200 Sierra Nev.... 28
100 Gould & Cur. 121 500 Union Con.... 50
100 Hale & Nora 601 100 Yellow Jacket. IS
Afternoon Session— Comstocks.
1C0 Andes 251 600 Julia 03
200 Bullion 2fi| 100 Gould & Cur. 12
! 400 Challenge ... 15i 200 Savage 27 i
500 Con Cal & V.I S5| 200 Union Con 81 |
100 Con Cal & V.I 80, I
¦ CLOSING QUOTATIONS. |
Bid. Ask. I ' Bid. Ask. I
Alpha 14 16! Julia 07 03
Alta 04 C5'Justlce 04 00
Andes 25 2i'|Kentuck 02 01
Belcher : 21 "t>2 Lady Wash ..02 04 |
Best & Belch.l OTi 1 15! Mexican 1 20 1 25
i Bullion 25 27; Occidental ... 74 70
Caledonia 35 37!Ophlr 2 40 2 43
Challenge ... 15 18 Overman 11 13 i
| Chollar IS 19 Potosi 11 12
; Confidence ... SO JC1 Scorpion 00 07 I
I Con Cal & V.I SO 1 S3' Savage 26 2S j
I Con Imperial. 01 fiCfSeg Belcher... Ort 07'
Con NY On 05 Sierra Nev 2S 29
i Crown Point.. 16 171 Silver HIU ... 61 5-1
i Eureka Con.. — f>0' St. Leuls OS 10
i Exchequer ... 42 4*il Syndicate 0.1 05
{ E. Sierra Nev Kl OT.Irnlon Con 5rt M
! Gould & Cur. 11 l.Vrtah OS 0!)
I Hale & Norc. RS 721 Yellow Jacket. ,18 19
I TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
300 Gold Anchor.. 22| 200 Ton Belmont.. 82
inOO Jumbo 45! 200 Ton of Nev.9 12»4
i 250O MaeNamara . 261 Clio Ton N Star... 18
I 400 Ray & O'Brien 071
Afternoon Session. •
300 Jumbo Ex .. 21 120O Rescue 10
l.*i!T0 MacN'amara . 21 I'.C.U Ton Belmont .. Sl
4(!f> Mont Toa..t.l)2«i H'O" Ton N S»ar... IS
5W Ray&O'Brlefi 081 1»*» Ton cf Nev.9 12V,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
i Ton of Nev. .9 CO V "of Rescue ....... (W 1O
i Mont Ton ...1WI85 Ton & Cal..-. 13 — I
; Ton Extcn . .1 0<> 2 (X: Ray & O'Brien — C8 I
j MaeNamara . 21 2'-' Paymaster ... f2 03 i
Ton Midway.. — 40 Little Ton . . "0 —
¦ Ton Bf'.mont.. — Sl!Es;>eranxa 01 02
Ton N Star... 17 ls|Gold Anchor.. 22 —
West F.nd ... — 17lQu!ney 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. 17 10! N Y Ton Con. 12 — |
; GoldfleM.
I Sandstorm .. — 2;)l Jumbo Ex .. 20 22 i
! Red Top 11 14 Vernal Min .. 10 —
; GoMReld Mhk — 1C Goldticld 60 —
j Jumbo 45 — I •
| TON'OPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
1 Followlns were the sales on the San Fran
j Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: j
', Morning Session. ,
1 20ttf> Goldfleld Min 51112^"-' N T Ton Con. 12 j
I 000 Jumbo 431200O N Y Ton Con. 13!
I 2.">('Ci .VarNamara . 22i 700 Paymaster ... 03 '
j W0 MaeNamara . 2l| 1C0 Sandstorm ... 20 !
¦ 5C(» Mont Ton ...1 JiO:30CO Ton Gold Mt. 17
'. Afternoon Session.
i 2.*»0<> Booth M Co. HI 2050 Jumbo 47
; 10f*> Bullfrog Min. 4513000 MacNamara . 22 '
| 50<» Bullfrosr Min. 4'j| l0f> Mont Ton ...1 80
500 Bullfrog Min. 4S|l50O N Y Ton Con. 12 !
i 300 Goldfleid Min 60! 200 Ton Belmont.. 77
S00 Jim Butler .. 60! 100 Ton Belmont.. 76
200 Jim Butle r •• WllOCO Ton Gold Mt. IS I
100 Jumbo 43! SCO Ton Midway.. 39 |
15CO Jumbo 45i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask. j
Adams 09 10(n Y Ton M. 03 (5 '
! Black Butte.. 16 ISiN Y T Con M. 12 13 :
; Booth M Co. 13 — | Paymaster ... 02 03 f .
Bullfrog Min. 4tl 4«!Qulncy 11 _;'
• Columbia 23 25| i: a y Exten . . — OS j
Dlamondneld. 36 — 'Ray & O'Brien 03 09 '
J Esperanza ... — C2,Ray Ton — 14 I
Goldneld B&B — lbJRed Top 12 13
Goldfleld Dmd — 2l)| Reccue 09 10'
Go!dfleld Min 61 (U\ Rothwell G M. — 50 •'
Goldfleld Mhk 15 2?|Ton Belmont.. 76 77
Gldfld Red L. 05 —I Ton & Cal... 16 —
Goldfleld S Pk — IS! Ton Cash Boy. — 12
Goldfleld Ton. — ll'Tcn Exten ..1 90
Gold Mt Con. — 01' Ton Gold Mt. 17 IS
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 Ton Midway.. .IS 30
| Jim Butler .. B5 — |Ton of Nev.. 9 25 9 75
Jumbo 45 — ! Ton N Star. .. 15 17
I Jumbo Ex .. 10 21 (Ton Union .. n
j Little Ton .. 33 50'Vnlted Ton .. OS
i Luckv Tom.. — Ml Vernal Min ..0© 10
| MacNamara . 22 23' West End 13 14
I Mont Ton..l S7H 1 90| -
Continued From Pace Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
W of Valencia street and MOBof §«•«**•
W 47:6, S 13:11%, W 7:8. S 12:1%. W 72.9%.
S 3:11H. E 170. N30; $ , f
Ursula Yager (wife of Philip) to Mary M.
Salomon, lot on N line of Fulton street, 31 -i
W of Lyon. W 25 by N 10Q: $10. .=„.»»
Andrew R. and Mattle R. Jackson to -Ruth
E. Baird. undivided one-half of lot on S lino
of Washington street. 137:6 W of Lyon, H
127:8Vi by W 55:5; gift. ..
Balrd estato (corporation) to Louls ,| ul< ; r £!"
wina Wamser. lot on W line of Presidio K {ce^
tral avenue), 75 S of Page street, S 25 by w
03*9* S1O *. •
Emlle and LJly M. Bauer to Michael Rog"^'
undivided one- half of lot on N line of Four
teenth street. 100 "W of Church, "tt 25 by
100; ?10. :. .. .
Robert White Company to same, undivided
one-half of camp; 510. . .
Estc.te of Enoch F. Williams (by executor)
to Frederick O. Raabe. lot on K line of Noe
street. 105 S of Thirfeenth, S 25 by E 130 ".
$5170. _
Frederick and Maud S. Wenck to Bessie O.
Wenck. lot on S line of Twentieth street. 105
W of Sanchea, W 25 by S 114, and lands ad
jacent; $10.
Realty Improvement Company and Stephen
A. and Mary L. Born to Henrietta N. Hobbs.
lot 24, Lyon St Hoag*s subdivision. MIsssion
Block 120; J10.
John Christian to Mina Christian, lot on E
lln« of Harrison street, 1S2 N of Twenty-first.
N 28 by E 100; gift.
Bertie Merritt to Roland Merrttt. lot on W
lino of Alabama street, 104 N of Twenty-first.
N 38 by W 100; $10.
Georse and Helen* Kammerer to Olever
P. Minedew. lot on S line of Twenty-third
street. 1TO W of Harrison. W 25 by S M: *10.
Charles A. Dlckman to Louis F. Sanden.
lot on S line of Duncan street, 130 W of
Sanchez. W 0.1 by 8 114; $5.
Savings and Loan Society to Christina F.
Haake, lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street,
160 E of Dourlass. E 80 by S 114; $1300.
C. O. O. and Janet W. Miller to Edward S.
Fcwler. lot on BE corner of Stockton and
Washington streets. S 30 by E 28: $10.
Ellen J. Touhill to Mary A. Touhlll. un
divided 1-S of lot on W line of Hyde street,
23 N of Ellis. N 37:6 by W 62:6: gift.
Marie Mocker to Mocker Real Estate Com
pany, lot on NW line of Market street. 175
SW of City Hall avenue. SW 25. by XW 100.
and lands adjoining; $10.
American Surety Company (corporation) to
Thomas Mannlx. lot on NW nne of Minna
street. 35T» SW of Third. SW 20 by NW 70; $10.
rHE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
14
_B00MS TO IiET— rum, and Untnm. '
LIBERTY, 504, nr. Castro— Mod., sun, unfur.
parlors; 4 con. rms.; adults; ref.; warm belt.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
$2 SO to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 339 — Newly furnished sunny
back parlor; phone, gas and bath; home
comfort*. ,
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third st-^00
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $S per week; the only new and modern !
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco I
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
NATOMA, 460%— 2 connecting rooms for 2 or
3 men; private; gas; bath.
OAK, 42, near Market — Large sunny nicely
furnished front parlor to let.
O'FARRELL. 556 — Sunny furnished room;
quiet block; near business center.
O"FARRELL, 871 — Newly furnished sunny
room, suited for 2; private residence.
O'FARRELL. 1305 — Naw sunny corner suite;
$10.
PACIFIC ave.. 1545 — Large well furnished front
and rear rooms for gentlemen; rent $12. $10.
PINE. 1735, dose In, nr. Van Nes« — Elegantly
furnished In red or blue, with all modern
conveniences; phone, etc.; priv. fain. ; cheap.
POST, 962^ — Sunny front rooms: water, gas,
phone; $S month; rear rooms $5 month.
POST, J)51 — Two large sunny rooms to Ut;
newly furnished. Call after 2 p. m.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Kills — Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 CO; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1611 — Neat and sunny room;
also rear room; private family; gentleman.
TEHAMA. 72— Pleasant furnished rooms to
let.
TEHAMA. 217— Rooms suitable for working-
men or girls; cheap; housekeeping If desired. ¦
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES, BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 3C1 Sutter — New brick bldg..
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 CO to $5 per week.
TURK, 836 — Two connecting rooms for lady;
private famtly. choice location; no signs; $10;
references exchanged.
UNITED STATEiTl23*Eddy. near Market^400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
VALENCIA. 210 — Large sunny room; private
family; call Sunday or evenings.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
33c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to ?8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage. !
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and toward — Choice
furnished rooms for 15c per night up; ele- I
gant transient rooms. BOc per night.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposlta
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS AND BOARS.
CALIFORNIA, 807 — Best rooms, table and
service In the city for the least money.
ELLIS, 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with best
of French table board.
HAIGHT, 332 — Large sunny suite; running
water; grate; second floor; corner house.
"HOTEL MCALLISTER." Van Ness and Mc-
Allister — 1 sunny single or - choice suites.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class board nnd room,
single or double. $5 week: American family. '
LARGE double room, with board for two; $50; I
hot water. HOC Leavenworth st.
AND BOARD WANTED^
WANTED — Room and board: about 525; close I
to Sixth st. Box 4516, Call office.
BOARD ar.d room wanted by ycuac man in '
vegetarian family. Addresg S Birch ave. 1
Koonnra. •
ROOF5 1 . sidewalks and cellar floors laid and !
repaired; low prices; all work guaranteed. |
Chicago Roofing Company. F. HERRMANN,
Manager. C00 Second st.* . J
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES. {
THE balance cf our shopworn sewing machines I
wilt be closed cut this week at about one-
third usual prices; this is the chance ot a j
lifetime to buy the l^st machine on earth I
at little 1 rice. Wiiit* Sewing Machine Co.. 1
new retail office 015 Market st.
ALL manes; 2d hand. $2. $5, $7, $3; new, $4.$8; !
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden cak, $15; rented. \
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Ct.. 145 £ixth St.: tel. Jessie 3796. j
DOMESTIC — The machine for famiiy use; best
is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds recond-hand $3, ?5. $S; slightly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window.. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing Riiaran- j
teed. CHAS. PI.AMHECK, 1015 Mission. i
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A^-EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. : furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shiped. 725- I
731 Howard St.. nr. Th'-.d; phone Grant 181. j
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy at.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of.
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. PrV Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture ana merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate nve. : phone East 126.
PACIFIC Stomce and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 23'JO Kiilmorefst. : pbene Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Mont-omery
St.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STOP BRIKXIXTG.
GUARANTEED cure; send r>Oc; tablet form
mailed In plain package: has cured thou-
sanrt>. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward Mdg.. S. F.
TO LEASE.
STORE, to lease at 111' Ellis et. Apply at
barber shop.
TYPEyraiTEBS AKS STJFPMES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 530 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. SOS Market, j
VIAVI. j
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment: booklet free; write for lt.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
PKOPOSALS.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. November 7. 1904. —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate? will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. November
17 1904 and then opened for constructing
eea wall and repairing concrete walks. In-
cluding necessary grading, at Fort Mason,
California. Government reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all bids In whole
or in part. Information furnished on appli-
cation to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quar-
termaster General. Chief Quartermaster. . •
UNITED STATES Engineer's Office. Flood
building, San Francisco, CaL, Nov. 8. 1904. —
Sealed proposals for dredging In^Napa River,
Cal.. will be received here until 12 noon,
December 8. 1004. Information on appllca-
tlon. W. H. HEUER. Col. Engrs.' - x
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNR Institute. Van Ness and Market^
cures: estab. In S. F. 4 yra. Hours 1 to' 5 p.m.
MAKIUAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Martin L. Alsop, 39. 1220 Folsom street, and
Alvlna M. Winteler, 23, 1226 Folsom street.
Frank J. Payne, 22, Portland. Ore., and
Jennie Nixon, 19, San Jose.
•Charles R. Brawner. 24, 11 Seymour avenue,
and Anna L.. Harold. 2j, Boone. Iowa.
John Sturm. 24, Alameda, and Anna M.
Stein. 23. Columbus.
William L. Clack. 28. Tucson, Ariz., and
Lillian R. "Reid. 23, Pasadena. . . .
Ernest B. Wiggs, 23. 1751 Post street, and
Patricia F. Reveley. 23, 1751 Post atrect.
John D. CaniDbell. 30, 8 Bond street, and
Kathryn M. Lenhof. 27. 311 Mason street
William H. Rosenbroct 25, 1436 San Bruno
avenue, and Charlotte Griffin, . 21, 1600 San
Bruno avenue.
Chester T. Sherman. 29. Santa Rosa, and
Carrie P. Howard 25, Santa Rosa.
Thomas H. Radley. 27, Fresno/- and ' Minnie
Green. 25, 207 Clipper street.
Vincent Woods, 21, 2898 Post street, and
Roee L. McLane. IS. 2020 Stelner street.
Marcellmo Toso. 36. 7S0 Broadway, and
RAJX.WAY TRAVETi.
¦ LrfVHTEO TO CH^C^^.cH
B LEAVES MONDAYS tnd THURSDAYS I
M at J):3O a.m., tarcusrh in a d*y«.S
B With dinar and all trapping-*. M
Other Santa Pe Tralni:
9-3ot'm*l Fcr stockton - I^esno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p". ro'J Merced. Hanford and Visalla,.
4 :0O p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27 South 1st. San Joae.
l^^^^O ROSS VALLEY, '
•S^^^aJ! CAZADERO, Etc
•Si^^SaA^^^^l Via San«alito Perry
BUBURBAN SERVICB. STANDARD GAUGE
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7:ufl"
7:45. b:a5. 0:10. U:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. 3 u
ills! 6:15. 3:50. 8:30. 7:15. 0:00 and li^s
P " Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at *«¦**
7-35 8:15. 8:50. 0:35. 10:0O a. m' 1*30 2^
J;!!: Vif *••<=. 8:22 - a:37 - ,*,-¦*
P 'tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. ra. : a i M o-,
S^rnfsun 1 /;^.^:^^ «« U?
THROUGH , TRAINa
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stationa.
8:15 p. m.. Saturdays only — For X^aadero.
ate.
5:13 p. m., dally, except ' Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 630 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
BE AS EBTATE--CITT--jggJ*ggL- 1
SNAP-FOR SALE »,„»_.-«. j
Lot BOxlOO; price $CCO; FcKon 't.^b^een .
San Bruno ave. end Glrard St., San Francisco. .
Inquire owner. 511 Broadway^ . !
A WEEKS new. for 5 «*nts-Tt« Weekly C*H ;
16 rggc- i" wr«PP*r. for mailing. $1 P*r r***-
BA2T MA^^KJCAliJESTATE ;L ___
iViM 1TA~PA RK— On line of San Mateo electrU
cari % mrnuU from Fifth and Market st..;
cuts de th. COS belt and just tew* ">""•
tre S P Co."s bay chore "cutoff will Join
n£ main line; 50-foot lots from $400 up;
tcrWon'y $10 down and $10 a month; aawer
arid water pipes la front of «very lot; pur»
SrtetlLn well water; 175 lots aold ainc.
Iu£itt l; «n exceptional opportunity to a«-
tSSTH in this desirable "cUon; take Ui.
electric cars and get on at LOMITA
PARK" and Investigate; maps sent on ab-
dication.
*ELBY. RODGERS * CO..
Tel. Main C73. »« California rt.
EE iI, ESTATE — COTntTBY — gor ttala.
SALE or exchange for city property: sacriflc*:
153 acre* N«pa Co.; CO acres In cultivation;
fruit vines and grain; fully equipped and
ray'ng- beautiful place; centleman's home.
SHADBURNE. *05 Montgomery st.
1 ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS •
Bend postal for catalogue* of the beit land
bargilns in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
CIS Market at.
FOR sale — Fretn 10 to 50 acres la vineyard;
near Mulr station. Earfta F« Railroad. Ad-
dress E. B-. 507 Sixth st.. Oakland.
EEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. i
6 - xJtssz
biock. OfcJclind.
TASMS AITP BAKCHES TO IiEASE.
IMPROVED ranch, near Oakland, for dairy or
vegetables. Owner, 1176 Eaat Fourteenth St..
Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY URAL ESTATE.
— S3500 —
A CHOICE tioine em Delaware rt.. Berkeley; 8
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern;
ra&ny exposure; fine view; easy term* ot
payesect if desired; &o trouble to show prop*
•rty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Ia*.)b
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth rt..
Oakland.
6 ROOMS: modern; lot 40x75; fine location In
South Berkeley; 4 blocks from Key route;
S2C00- $200 cash, balance like rent.
W. N. HUSSELU
301 California st.. San Krancisco. Cal.
$3150 — NEW, modern. 7-rocm house: 15 m'.n-
utes from North Berkeley station: high
rround: fine view. R. A. BERRY tc CO..
Postofflce block. Berke:<?y.
OAKLAND APTEKTS'MTa
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAgLASP EEAL ESTATE.
FAR SALE-
OAKLAND.
Piedmont. OPPOSITE
Piedmont. THE GOLDEN GATE.
Piedmont.
Piedmont.
Piedmont.
ELEVATION 380 FEET. i
Piedmont.
Piedmont. '
3i MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
Piedmont.
Piedmont.
PIEDMONT IS SITUATED ON
THE HIGH GROUND IN OAKLAND.
Protected from the wir.ds. Above the fog.
Atmosphere clear, bracinj and dry.
An Ideal fprt fcr tboae troubled with colds
or weak throat.
IS minutes from center of Oakland; street
cars every ten minutes.
35 minutes from San Francisco. Key Route
ferry tralr.s every 20 minutes.
Convenient for business men having Inter-
ests In Pan Francisco.
?M->drr.cnt commands 6t> miles panorama of
frvur. Francisco Harbor, the bay. "Us islands, .
the mountains and Goiden Gate. . 5 :
I
I2T» to (40 per front foot, any frontage; •
depth from 12S to 1200 feet. j
The nicst beautiful and conveniently sit- j
uated residential suburb on the Pacific Coast. .
Houses built or. payment of '£> per cent of '.
total cost of house and lot. balance monthly j
as rent.
Address THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
1212 Broadway. Oakland.
14 Sansomt; ft., San Francisco.
, ' , !
BELDEX'S BARGAINS.
S30O-1 will buy 110 feet frontage on Vernon I
Heights, .near Senator Perkins' ; commanding !
nne view; street work done; a chance for i
builders <ir speculators.
flCOii— L<-t 00x12); on 22d St., near Grove; ;
very central.
$1500 — Beautiful resifipncA lot on comer of !
Filbert ar.d ICth sts.; high terrace; elegant
etirr«vj-Nlincf-: :U:^3clOO.
f l~~,i) — ("hoi<-e lot on Orange St.. Oakland :
Heights: COxliio; line view; beautiful huusea ;
aJl around.
JK50 will buy a 50-foot lot on 33d St., near ;
W«f--t: crab it quirk.
(135G — Extra choice sunny terraced lot en '
Myrtle St.. near 14th; .':2xlO0.
BELDEK. REAL ESTATE, 112 Broadway, |
Oakland. ¦
6 ROOMS: modern; lot 30x100; In Piedmont; 3'
Mock* from Key route; fine neighborhood; '
?10O0: $100 cash, balance like rent.
Nice modem house, nearly new; near Lake i
M*rritt: close to new street car extension, i
which will enhance value; 7 rooms; lot 55x232;
$:{15C; S2<i0 cas-h. balance like rent.
t» rooms: modern; lot BOklOu, lying hiph. with j
cement retaining wall: in East Oakland; neai i
new Key route service; $3500; *300 cksh, bal-
ance I'ke rent.
Mansion In East Oakland: 14 rooms; 6 lots; i
suitable for sanitarium cr private hospital- i
$C30u; easy terms. . ,. j
W. N. RVSSELL.
301 California st.. £an Francisco. Cal. '
LOTS vrUhin walking distance of Key route '
ferry electric train; only a few installment '
lots now on r.and: first come, first »erved- i
terms. $l«0 ccsh. balance on time, with priv. .
Ilege of raying: in full at any time. Ad-
dnss RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY. Key'
route ttation. Fortieth bt. and Telegraph i
ave., Ootnl Oakland.
AN exchange for Baat Oakland property or !
will bell fc.r f475<t; this in a »-ro<;m rest- j
«Ienee. with modern convenience* ; larse lot. '
7OxlG5; abundant ehrublx-ry and flowers- !
only a thort walk to Center st. station; !
muet be seen tr- be appreciated. RICHARD !
J. MONTGOMERY. Key route station. For-
tieth st. and Telegraph ave.. Central Oak-
land^
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
TTe have been exclusively authorized to sell
on -«a*y terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We trill sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you want
a bargain call or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
10r»2 Uroadway.
$1000 CASH, balance $20 monthly; C-room
Eastlake, Irfc-*tory cottage; some ycung fruit
trees; Rood well of Al water, also city
water; 6 lot* ienced; 100x200; two front. I
apes; deeo. sandy, loam uo!l: away from
?og» and cold wind*; over 200 homes gone
up in three yean: 1 near street cars and two
fine school houses; an idea! sit* for a home;
call and eee It; you will nee a delightful
?pot. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
ct cpp. Broadway station, Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES.
$1750— FINE home in beautiful Linda Vista
Terrace; new; finely finished In every de-
tail: 0 rooms, etc.; price reduced from $C000;
owner must sell on account of mortgage. See
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4CC 10th St.. Oakland.
BARGAIN — Beauumi 7-r. home In Piedmont: ,
fine nelchborhocd; rood location; near car
line; will cell cheap: must be seen to be ap-
predated. AreTy to E. MORRIS. 675 88th at.
CHEAPEST and best tn America — Th» Weekly
Call. IS paces, sent to any addreas tn tb«
United States or Canada on* year for $1.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
LARGE -Jncie room. Apply 17M Broadway*.
corner Seventeenth 6t : . Oakland.
7OS SAXE.
TO-MORROW the day^iSr^baixiins Jn f uraW
turt. H. Echelhgsa. llta *t..cor.itore.OakIand
ALAMEDA ADYERT'S'M'TS
AXA2XEDA B£A£ ESTATE.
BARGAINS — Two-story house, two stores and
dwelling; above rents for $70; corner lot, 33x
10(T; (4S00; easy terms.
$4200 — Two-6tory house and cottage en lot
C0xl22 feet; near business section; on Park
ct. ; rents for (42; owner got to leave.
Two new cottages, six rooms and bath:
finished in latest style; only $1700 each; will
rent for $20.
A first-class milk business; large rout?:
butter and egg store attached; 31 cows, 2
horse* and wagons; sold cheap.
A good furniture business; sold on account
of owner's health; phone Alameda. 4S3.
H. R. AITOX CO..
REAL. ESTATE. 1233 Park Bt., Alameda.
$3250 — NEW cottage of 6 rooms; lot 60x108; at
1530 Union st. J. H. TOUNG, owner and
builder. 1243 Park St.. Alameda,
FKTJITVALE ADVEKT'STS
T STJTT YAI.E BEAI. ESTATE.
8TNDICATE~INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated in 1880.
REAL, ESTATE, INSURANCE AND MONET
VALENTINE G. HUSH. President.
S. It. THORNE, Secretary.
First National Bank 8. F.. Treaa.
The Fact* of the Ca** Will Surprise Bom* ot
Tou and Interest You All.
MAKT ROADS.
The safest and surest of them all Is th«
Real Estate road. ,
Nowhere has this truth had stronger proof
than In the growth of Frultvale. '
Everybody investing In Frultvale real e«-
tatt has tnad* money.
Three principal causes of our growth htr*
are:
First — The high rents of the city.
Second — The certainty of steady advano* In
present values.
Third — The cheap prices here now.
We have a larg* list of modern
S, 4. 0, 6 and 7 room houses for
Gale on very reasonable terms.
It matters not whether you have $100 or
more to Invest, come, now, and let us help
you to locate your family in Fruitvale.
REMEMBER. WE HAVE
LARGEST LIST.
CHOICEST LOTS.
LOWEST PRICES,
EASIEST TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Cor. Bas?!tt and Putnam Sts.,
Frultvale, Cal.
Phone Ash CS7.
a. —
OFFICE OPEN SUNDAYS.
U. C. GIBSON. 1326 FRUITVAX.E AVE..
NEAR EAST FOURTEENTH ST.
PHONEVALE 290.
OFFICE OPEN EVENING. S
FOR sale— $2750; it cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOB HOUSKEEPINO.
BRYANT. 444 — Two sunny rooms for house-
keeping; one tingle for lady.
EDDY. 1796 — Sunny rooms, completely fur-
nished; gas, bath; yard.
EIGHTH. 112—3 unfurnished rooms; kitchen;
furnished complete If desired; rent cheap.
FKANKLIN. 151S — Sunny front newly fur.
rooms; housek*epliiK; bath, phone; $20; ref.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison — Pleasant,
sunny housekeeping rooms for two; exclusive;
kitchen: reasonable.
HOWARD. 71fl',i— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; respectable; no trans.; adolts.
HOWARD, S22— 1 suites housekeeping rooms;
also single : c%s and coal stovea.
HOWARD. lbTl — 2 large, unfurnished, con-
necting rooms; modern; private family;
cheap to right party.
JESSIE, 323 — Large 6unny front parlor house-
keeping; gas range; very fine; $3 75 week.
JONES, 207 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, $10 to
$12 per wVek.
KEARKT 104 — Three unfurnished rooms; bay-
window front; sunny; $20; adults: references.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LEAVENWOHTH. 1911. near Green— Five
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms and
bath: tihone: fine marine \iew.
MARKET, 17.T5 — 2 rooms completely furnished
:or hou»:«keeplng: rent $12.
MISSION. 5C1. near Second— Bedroom and
kitchen, completely furnished for hkpr..
MISSION. 1013. nr. Sixth — Front, housekeep-
ing room for two adults; folding bed; gas
stove.
OAK. 117 — Complete for hou.<»ckeeplng. $5 to
$12: gas range; hot oath;, adults.
ONE unfurnished rcom for housekeeping, also
vne partly furnished; must be pleasant. ;
cheap; give price. Box •'494, Call office.
PINE. S27. near Powell— 3 sunny furnished
IjOuei keeping rooms; pat; range; rent reas. '
PINE. 023—2 newly furn'.rhed front housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.
POST. 905— Larg°. convenient housekeeping
room; gas range; $9 So.
EACRA1IEXTO, 1400— Large sunny furnished
front housekeeping suites. $15-$25 month;
rtinnirc water.
SANCHEZ, 5tfJ, near Eighteenth— Large sunny
bay--*-Indow sitting-room, alcove bedroom
and kitchen; reasonable.
SECOND. 231 — Two sunny corner, front house-
keeping rooms, single or connected, with coal
stove and cas stove.
SIXTEENTH, 2077— Sunny housekeeping suite;
low rent.
TAYLOR, nil— Furnished suite, gas range.
$12: 2 attic rooms, gas range, $0; 1 room. $7.
VAN NESS. 232— Nicely furnished sunny front
bay-window' corner; separate kitchen; house-
keeping; $18; adults.
WALLER. 71— A sunny suite of rooms in new
home. furn. complete, flO; phone Page 7931.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
APAKTMEITT HOUSES.
fT. I/3UIS. IS75 Jackson— Marlne v -riew: 3-4-f
r~-Tr.K- furn. >r enfur. : r»f<i T>1. Ka«t 1350.
BOOMS TO M? — Turn, anfl TJnfurn.
A LARGE, sunny room, with board in a pri-
vate Southern family, is for rent to a gentle-
man or couple bearing good references only.
Fcr terms and further particulars address
box 4544. Call office.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights: only first-class house
In locality; room* $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to H per night, Sl 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 nlghf
$1 fAt to $10 week; hou**^ open all night.
BRYANT. 518 — t unfurnished rooms; sunny
rear; asd yard; rent $0. *
BELMOND house; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water in every room- 200
rooms; 25c to BOc oer night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 1255 — Rooms for one or two; private
family; bath.
EDDY. 110 (The Launston) — Newly furnished
rooms; best transient house In city: 60c. $1.
EDDY. 432 — Nicely furnished rooms, with all
conveniences: choice location: reasonable.
GEARY, 1143 — 4 nunny rooms, single or en
suite; newly and attractively furnished; all
conveniences; private family; central; reas.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 939 — Unfurnished rooms;
large alcove front room facing Jefferson
Park; bay window.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1033 — Nice sunny rooms
to let; near Jefferson Park.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33e
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $0 wlc.; reading-room.
HARRISON. 405. cor. Fremont — House newly
furnished: nice, sunny rooms; housekeeping
rooms; electric light and gas.
HOWARD. 715— Large runny rooms at low
rates: 25c to fl day and $1 25 to $5 week.
JONES. 207 — Sunny front and back single
rooms, from 52 to $3 per week.
LARKIN. ROt — Sunny front and back rooms-
stoves and grates; fcr gentlemen: $5 and $7.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
s<f~£4~*>^ Tvatlaa 1««t« sad sr« <**•
kr^J^I^H SAN FKANCI3CO.
y-V 7*0* Octosss 21, 1)04.
\^is^p\/ Fikbt Vxrvt
\2S (Toot of Market Street J
w« - MA.N LINE. -A»«rrs!*
7.00a Vac«T!lle. Winers. ttWSMMyZ /50»
7.00a Bealcla, Elmlra ami Sacramento.. 7.20P
730a VMlrJo. N*pn. Cultstoca, Santa
Kou. Martinez. S.iu lumoa 8-20>
1 30a Utlea. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7.20*
. 8 CCa Sh»«* KxpreM— (Via Davis).
William*. WlUuwg, tFrata Ked
r-lnrr. Portland. Tacoma, Senttl« 7-58*
8 COa DavU. Woodland. Knlgats Landing,
MarysTllle. OroTllle 7.50*
8 30a Murtlnes. Antlocn. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton, Nfwasii. Los Buno*.
Mendota, Armooa, Haaford.
VUslia. Porterrllle 4.20»»
8-30a Port Costa. Modesto. Merced.
-^ Freina. Uotoea Jnaetlon, ¦ll»a-
ford. Vlsalta. Bstkersfleld 4.50*
8-30A KUes, Saa Jo*e. MTennore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). iono, Sacramento.
MarysTlIle. Cbtco. lied Bluff .... 4-ZOp
830a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. 8o-
nom. Tnolnmne and Angel* . 2 -Z X*
»00a Atlantic Expre*»-Og(len and E»«. 520*
330a Richmond, Martlnex and Way
Station* BOO* 1
10 OCa The Orerlsnd Limited — Ozden.
OranM. Chicago, DeuTer, Kanaas
City. St- Louia ? ,••«»
1000a Vallejo-., 12.20*
10.00a Lo* Ao**le* Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinet. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Btocktoa. Merced.
Kajxnonii. Freino, (ioshen Junc-
tion, Ilanford. Lemoore, Visalia.
Dakenflrld. Los Angeles VtS*
!2.C8m Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3. 20*
t1.C0P Sacramento HUer Steorner* Tll.OQ*
3-30* Benlcta, Winter*. Sucrament*
Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysvllaf. Orotllle and way
stations 1 2K A
S.30P Hayward. Hlles and Way Station*.. 7-50*
5 30p Port Co*ta, iUrtiuez, Bjron.Tracy,
Lttarop, Stockton, Mo>deito,
Jlerceii, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Buttons beyond Port Co*ta 12.ZQ*
4.C0P Ms.rttaez.San Karoo*. VaIleJo,N»pa,
Callitoga, S«nta no»a. 9 20*
4-OOp ITIles. Tracr. Stockton "9*2*
4.30P Hay ward. JlUe*. IrTla<ton. Baat ts.50*
Joae. LITernioro I til. 50*
S-CGPTbe Owl Limited— Newman. Lo*
Banua. Mendota. Fresno. Tuiar*.
Btkerifleld.LotAnz9les 850%
To 30p Harward. Nile* and tun Jos« 720a
fi.COP Uayward. Nile* and San Joie 9 50*
S.OOP Eastern ExpreM— Omaba. Cblcago.
Denrer. Kanaaa City. at. Lou!*.
Martlnex. Stockton. Sacramentdk
Col fax. Keno. tt parks, Montello.
_ _„ Ouden 12.501*
•.OOP Vallejo. dally, except Sunday » T pnm
7 OCP Vallejo. Sunday only f 7<5 °*
7.0CP lUchniunil. san Pablo, Port Coat*.
Martinet and Way SUtlon* 11.20a
/•OOP Reno Passenger— Port Costa. Be*
nlcla. Salsun. Elmira, Dixon.
D:\t1s. Sacramento. Spark*. Tono-
pah. Keoter «nd Way Siatioi.*... 7.50*
8 OBp Oregon * California Rxpre**— Sa«-
ramento, llarytvl'ile. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Eatt. 8.50*
B.IOp Uayward, Nlles and San Jose (Saa-
dsyonly) 11-60*.
COAST LINE (Marrnw uaage).
; (Foot of Mnricet Street.)
8.1B*Kewark. CenterTllle. 8«n Jo*e.
- Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
i Crux and Way Station* 5 53*
t2.15p Kewark. CenterTllle. Saa Josa.
New Almaden. Los G»to*. Feiton.
] Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Station* ttO-55*
4.16P Newark. 8sa Joie, Los Gatoi...j *]$H*
| «9.30pDnnters' Train ( Saturday only)—
> San Joae and Way Scatton* !725p
COAST LINE <KroarS l.an K »).
UT ( 1 Ulrd »u<t Tu«rn»eDd Street*.)
6-1 Oa 8»n J one and Way Station*. 8-30*
7- 00a San Joie and Way Station* &.40*
1 BOCANew Almaden (Tuei.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
I 8-COATbe Coatter— San Jo«e. Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
| Margarita. Sao LuU Oblipo,
Gnadaiupe. OhtIoU. Santa Bar-
bara. San BuenaTentura. Mon-
m talTo. Oxnard, Burbank, Lo*
Aogele* 10-30*
8.00a Cliroy. liulllstrr. CastruTllle. De,l
Monte, Pacl&c Grove, Surf, Lom-
poc 10.30P
9.00a Can Joae. TresPlnos.WatsonTnie, -
Capltola. hmita Cruz, Pnctflo
Grove. Saltnaa. San Lulu Obltpo
ami PrlDctp«i Way Stations. ... 4.19*
10.30a San Joie and Way Station* 1.20*
11 'Oa San Jose and Way Stations 7 jOo
2 15p San Jose and Way Station* 8 33*
30CPOel Monte Expre** — Santa Clara.
nin Jo*e, WatsunTtlle. Santa
Crnz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pnchlc OrnTe 12 15*
13-OOp Lcs Gatos, Wright. Boylder Crf«k,
Sunta Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauce t1045*
SZOp %'fllTfla St.. South .-.in Frsnctacoi.
_ -, , Burline»me. Sun Joae, (jllroy.
Ho) lister. Tre* Plnoa 10.45*
4 3Cp ?nn Joxe aud Way Station* t8 00a
fBXCPSantM Clara. Sao Ju«r. J.o* UatO*.
; ana prlnctrm! Wa/ Stations (ex-
cept Suml«Y) t300*
i I6-30p SanJc»eanilPrlnctp«ilWayStatlon« 19.40*
6 45pS-j D jct Express.— UedwooU. San
Jo*e.Gllroy.Sallnas.Pa*o Koblrs,
Ban LuU Obltpo. Santa Barbara,
Lo* Angrle*. hemlng. Kl Pa«o.
St.Louls. Sew Orleans, XewTork 9 10*
6.45p Tajaro. Wat3onTlII». Capltola.
fanta Cruz. CaatroT'.Ile. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 10-30P
tS-ISP *»¦ llaifo,13eresfor(],l!elinoni.Saa
Lar!os. IIcUxtooO. Fair Oaiu,
MeoloPark. PalaAlto t8-43*
6 30p B"i> J«-*r aud Way Station*. 6.33*
8 (.Cf Palo Alto and Way Stations....... |Q \$ A
11 -iOp Suutb San Francisco. Mlllbrae. Bur
:.n«nmr. San Mateo. I'.olmont.
I tan Carlo*. Krdwood. Fair Oaka,
I . Men<o Park, and Palo Alto tfl 4Bb
! -1130P Majueld, Mountain Vtew. sunny- "* o^
n>, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
! B*nJo»<* . t9.45t»
A for MorniDif. P for A fternoon.
1 Snndny excepted t Sunday onlr
<- Saturday only- <> Monday only.
. tbibD* at all station* on Snnday^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnxon Ferry, Toot ot Market Street.
SAN FKAT7CTSCO TO SAIT S&PASL.
WEEK DATS — 7:oO. 9:00. 11:00 aj m • 12 33.
3:30. 5:10 «:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trlt»
at 11:30 v. m. "
I Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. in.
! SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. • 1:30 3 30
5:00. «:t!0. 11:30 p. m.
! SAK BAPAEL TO SAW 78AX CISCO
j WEEK DAYS— <S:03 7:35. 7:5O 9-->O Ills
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m "
I Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6 -35 n m.
I SL ;*or^yp 4 v i:15 ' m - : i:>o - *•£
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I ?un- I Week"
Days. ) days. | tloq | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:0Oa "f):10a 8^40~i
9:S0a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10 20 a
f : ?2 p 2 : 2£ p 6:05 P *:«>P
5:10 p B:0Op _7£35 p|
7:304 - ~> ' 0:10 al 9:40 W
,.,« S :^ a 2 !oV * t0 ' 10:4O » 10:20 »
3:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p e-aon
5:10p 3:30p and 7:35p P
I PrOQpl Santa Rosa. \ . -V
« : « w * 10:4oa 10-20 a.
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p (o a .
8:30 p 3:30 p ¦ P »-wp
Windsor. •
T:30 * 8:00 a Healdsbure. 10:40 a 10-20 ¦
Lytton. I . "
«:30p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 pf 6-20 b
I Cloverdale. |
7 :30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 pt and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 %
~ ~~j ) WUllts and f ~\ '
7:30a| 8:00a| Sherwood. t 7:35 pf 8:20 •
7:30a|8:OOa| * 110:40 a|10-n)"i
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Ooernevllle. | 7:33 p| 8:20 p
~7:30a| 8:00 al , Soncina. I 0:10 at 8-40~a
B:10p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 8:05 p| e^ %
7:30 al 8:00 al y 110:40 a|10:20i
8:30 p! 3:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:03p 6'On
STAGES comsect at Green Brae for ' San
Quentln; M Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Sprints; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaa-ra
Springs; at Cloverdal* for the Geysers. Boone.
villa and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duacan
Springs. Highland Springs Kelseyvtlle Carls"
bad Springs; Soda Bay. >Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lak« County Hot Springs; at
Uktan for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs!
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter SprtnaV
Upper Lake Potno. Potter Valley. John Day*;*
Riverside. Llerly'sv Bucknell's. Sanhoilrin
Helshts. HuUvllle. Orr*s Hot Spring* Halfw*»
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno cit%
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at WUllts foi
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for FV.X*
Bragg. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. CummlnaV
Ball's Springs Harris, Hubbard. FmrnaS*
Dyer. GarbervUle. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Seotil
and Eureka. """
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets &t r«-
duced rat*s. ™"
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. «~"»»
Ticket office. 650 Market street. ChronlcU
Dt2l JalnS*
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. x. RTAM.
Gen. Manager. Can. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
It. San fraaaiea I Ar. Saa l^^wt "
btordaTt 4:35p Satardari 11:12^"
Mu 6ranty Car If It. Tiaalpau to Min TaflVy
"S™. J 650 Markkt Sx.,(North Shore Railroad)
MKCB J and Sausaltto t kkhy. Foot Market St.
Wetititt CSdl SL.00 MTur
Maria I. Sodo, 24, New Rochelle. N. Y. v
Henry a. Scheln, 24, 3254 Twenty-nfth
"V;i et - and Caroline A. Koch. 18. 3254 Twenty-
nfth street.
Harry S. Brindle 21. 408 Ellis street, and
Mary E. Ward. 21. 271 O'Farrell street.
Rudolph W. Schauer 24, 950 ¦ Hampshire
street .and Martha E. Orr. 20, 20 Shipley srt.
Charles O. Erlandson. 21, 1416 Forty-eighth
avenue, and Hilda M. Sandeen, 18, 1012 Wis-
consin street.
Richard P. Goode, 26, 832 Halght street,
and \ ernon Webster, 24 New York. v
! David Cannins. 21. Marysvllle, and Anna
I H - Woodroffe. 18. Marysvllle.
George Stenger. 25, Portland, Ore., and
Lena Hahn, 18. 1714 Octavla street.
Giuseppe Cerrutl. 33. city and Codino Dd-
flna 22 247 Brighton avenue.
Lincoln A. Coffin, 56, 422 Minna street, and
Emma A. Orcott, 44, 418% Hermann street.
Clayton O. Bovyer 30 1039 Broderick street,
and Mabel E. Johnston 20, 112 Oak street.
5 Thomas W. Hickey 28, 244A Ninth street,
and Mary B. Mulcare, 22, 558 Natoma street.
George H. Currie, 24, Minneapolis, Minn.,
and Sarah J. Newell. 21. Denver, Colo.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS: ,
1 — ¦
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the nubllcation offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. •
BORN.
HOLMES— In this city. November 8, 1004. to
the wife of Harold C. Holme*, a son. ~:
\ MARRIED.
SOUTHWORTH— TEED— In this city, Novem-
ber 9. 1904, by the Rev. William N. Me-
serve, Henry Austin Southworth of Concord.
Cal.. and Daisy I.. Teed of Trout Creek,
New York.
/ DIED.
Ahern, Catherine Knight, Chas, T. a
Barry, Frank J. Learreta, Carmen
Bartlett, Margaret Lohmeyer, William
I Brown, JeCerson C. Madden, James
Bennett, William McGrath, William
Burke. Patrick J. Minehan. Patrick
Collins, Peter F. Mor&e. George E.
Conley, Thomas O'Brten. Luke
Diedrichseti, Captain O'Nell Joseph
William Ott, Apolonia
Dwyer, J. ; Rea, Henry L.
Eiselen, Oscar . Reger, Parry A.
Ferris, John E. Remlliard. Mrs. M.
Geaney, Jeremiah ¦ Rodielat. Marie
Uritnn. Abrena J. Searles, Rachel
Harrington, Thomas Summers, Walt«r C
Hifgins, Jennie M. Swett, Emma C.
Holden, Jo»>n T. Tench. Annie
Johnston, W"i. X. Toothill, Ellen M.
Kelagher, John Wood, Frank D.
Knibb, Henry
AHERN— In this city. November 7. 1004. Cath.
erlne. beloved wife of the late James Ahern,
\a native of Youghal Harbor. County Cork.
Ireland. v .
EJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty '& Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between -Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for tho
repose. of her soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BARRY— In this city, November 7. 1904. Frank
J., beloved son of George and Pearl Barry. -
and grandson of Mrs F. Moran and James
Barry, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 2 months and 13 days. *"—'
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 a. m.. from the resldenci
of the parents. 39 Shipley street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARTLETT— Ir. this city, November 9, 1004,
Margaret Hartlett, dearly beloved mother of
Mrs. Charles Symon. and grandmother of
Mrs. James ('anon and J. A. Symon. a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 84 years 2 months and
*> davH.
[WServlces will be held to-morrow
(Friday), November 11, at 2 j>. m., at the
residence of her daughter, 3782 Eighteenth
street, between Dolores and Church. Inter-
ment Cysnas Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral cp.r from Eighteenth and Guerrero
street's.
BENNETT— In this city. November 1>, 1004,
William, beloved husband of Mary Bennett,
and father of jBdna. Christy, Alice. Myrtle
and William Bennett and Mrs. Lawrence
Sinclair, a native of Canada, ated 42 years.
P*Remains at the parlors of the Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Klfth
street.
BROWN— In this city. November 5. 1904. Jef-
ferson C. Brown. A member of Painters'
Union. Local 19.
E7 Notice of funeral herearter.
BURKE — In Kansas City, Mo.. October 31,
1904. Patrick Joseph, beloved brother of
John. Thcmac. . Mary and MarEaret Uurke.
Mrs. Kale Dante;* itnd Mr*. Annie Crowley. x
a native of Mlltuwn Malbay. County Clare,
Ireland. ai«eJ 33 years 8 months and 14 days.
A member of It. and M. I. U. No. 1 of
Missouri.
(EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend Ui? funeral to-day
(Thursday), at M:.'i0 a. m.. from the parlors
of .J. C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence- to tit. Brer.dftn's Church where a
rt'quU-m hls.-h mass will be celebrated for,
the repose of his i<oul at 0 a. m. Interment i
li<:Iy Crot* Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city, November 9, -1904.
Peter F., bf loved husband of the late Bridget '
Collins, and lather of Jrs>ph and Jnmes
Collins nnd Mrs. i\ Sweeney, a native of
Uoston. Ma.«s., aged 77 years and 29 days.
A mei'ibrr of Gentlemen's Sodality of St.
Ignatius Church.
CT'Frle-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral to-morrow
(Friday), November 11. at 0:15 a. m., from
the resMeme of his son, Joseph Collins, ti2
Pleafant strert. off Jones, between Sacra-
mento and Clay, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mass, will be
celebrated for the repose or his eoul, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross i
Cem< u-ry. j
CONLEY— In this city, November 6. 1904,
Thomas Conley, brother of the late Mrs. M.
H. Lawlor. a native of Ireland aged 30
years. A member of Carpenters' Union
No. 22.
Befriends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fuily Invited to attend th^ funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 0:.'50 a. m.. from the parlors
of McKadden. McBrearty & Green 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth
thence to St. Joseph's Church where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose I
of ma soul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
D V^ I{K r HsnN '- In this clt >'. November 8,
11)04 Caitam Willfam Diedrichsen a native
of Denmark, aged &i years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified •¦ that funeral takes place
Thursday, November 10, at 10 a. m., from
the parlors of Valente Marini ,& Co lo"4
Stockton street, between Green and Union
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DWYER— In this city, November 7, 1904
J. Dwyer. a natlve\of New York, a«ed 72
EISELEN— In this city, November 0, 1904
Oscar, beloved yon of Mrs. Annie KIselen
and husband of Mary Eiselen (nee. Gibbons)
and father of Llllie and Ruth Eiselen. and
niii ,N. . Roebllng, Mrs. T. Duan«
and Alfred Llselen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 2» years and 10 days.
FERRIS— In this city, November 9, 1004
John h... beloved hunban.l of Nellie Ferris'
and loving son of David and Kate Ferris
and brother of T. A. Ferris of New Mexico
m*.m a h; Ve ? f ,. w .!? coni5ln - a Ked 35 years. A
member of Golden Gate Aerie No. 61 F.
(_)• &». *
CT" Remains at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
| twen Seventh and Eighth. Notice of funeral
1 hereafter.
GEANEY— In this city. November 9. 1004,
Jerem ah Geaney Jr., dearly beloved son of
Jeremiah and Maria Geaney. and beloved
brother of Francis J.,V David P. nnd Mary
t^ 1t y> a n d ' nephew of Mrs. Arthur
Leary. Mrs. Delia KeHy and Serg. Daniel
iionan a native of San Francisco, aged 0
years 10 months and 27 dayo.
. CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral to-morrow
™!|''; at ,10 a. m.. from the residence.
i«is Sixteenth avenue South, between P and
Q streets South. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦» •
GRIFFIN— In this city, November 0, 1904
A H r , e « na J ane, beloved wife of Clifford c!
Orlffin. and lovine daughter of Cantaln J
J. and tho late Josephine Murray, and slater
of Margaret, Fred, Arthur, Lduia and John
Murray and Mrs. Charles Hill, a native of
$Zl\ Scotia Canada, aged 28 years 4
"Jease 8 and a days. (Nova Scotia papers
H Th^ NGPI S N "7 In tJlU city - November 8. 1904.
Thomas Harrington.* a native of Ireland
aged to years. • j
f,,?i?Tn r !. ( ir' d i S . and acquaintances are respect-
«hirt, mV° attend a ™i ul « m high mass
which wiU.be celebrated for the reoose of
his soul to-day (Thursday), commencing at
toJ^»^V L th , e CIl apel of the Pnsalon at-
!nd RrJSnt 1 ' f Mary '» Hospital, corner First
rT fl o £ t » eU - Tbe runeral will take
£L™ f ° a- m. • Interment Holy Crors
Cemetery Remains at the parlors of Mc-
tt^tvc C f- Market 8treet ' near Ninth.
£1 h ™ In T,. thI " city. November 9, 1904
iiPZ\ M- l ligxina - beloved wife of John
Hj»Kns.-an<i mother of Jr>hn and Wlnena
HIgKlns. and sister of the Rev. j. j. Doran
a 22}£? ot Sacramento. ¦ '
,nSr I 16 funera l > will take place to dav
Marys Cathedral, where a high mass will
J *\ nes T J { c 1 ?' tl11 -' ¦ Henry Hansea. '"
V- james Mcginn & co
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers—
214 Eddy at. Tel. South 570.
F. , J. . Monahan. , Manager. Te£ Mission 31
MON AH AN; 0'H AR A & \ 00;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
2339-2341. Mission st.. near Nineteenth.
, J Francisco.
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HOLDEN— In this city November 6. 1904,
John T., beloved husband of Rora Holden.
and brother of B. F. Holden. Mrs. H. E.
Loveless of Wheaton. 111. and Mrs. Franlt
D. Bayless of Seattle, Wash., a native of
New Hampshire, aged 68 years.
E7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:45 p. m.. from the Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Post and Mont-
gomery streets, under .the auspices of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery by 3:30 p. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets. /
JOHNSTON— In this city. November 0, 1904,
William Keerar. beloved son of Mary and
John A. Johnston, a native of San Fran-
cisco, a*ed 8 months and 19 days.
KELAOHER— In this city, November — . 1904.
John, beloved husband of Bridget Kel-
agher. and son of Mrs. Margaret and the
• late Patrick Kelagher a native of Butler's
Bridge. County Cavan, Ireland. (New York
and County Cavan papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:45 a. m. from the parlon
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenua,
thence to St. Mary's (Paullst) Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KNIBE— In this city. November 8. 1004, Henry
i Knlbb, a native of England, acred 61 years.
A member of Court Occidental No. 0676, A,
O. F.
£7Nottce of funeral hereafter.
KNIGHT— In this city, November 9. 1904.
Charles T. S. Knight, son of airs. Serena H.
and the late Thomas Knight, and brother of
T. J. and C. H. Knight, a native ot San
Franolsco, aged 41 years and 21 days.
|E7Frirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral service*
to-men-ow (Friday), November 11, at 10 a.
m.. at his late residence, 154 Golden Gate
1 avenue. Interment private.
LEARRETA— In thi! city, November 0 1904,
Carmen Learreta. beloved mother of Mrs. J.
Aurrecochea and Carmenclta Learreta, and
grandmother of Joseph Aurrecoechea, a na-
tive of Spain.
(CTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
November 12," at 9 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 092 Jackson street, corner Mason,
thence to Spanish Church (Nuestra Senora de
Guadalup*-). where a requiem high mass will
be , celebrated for the reooee of her soul,
thence to Holy Cross Cemetery for Interment,
via electric car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
LOHMEYER— In this <Jlty November 7,«19M.
William C. Lohmeyer. dearly beloved son of
1 John C. and Caroline 'Lohmeyer. and brother
of Edward. Alice and Laura Lohmeyer. a
native of Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 34 years and
7 months. A member of Unity Lodge No.
61. Knights of Pythias, and Zerlm Kapi
Temple No. 62, D. O. K. K. (Cincinnati.
Ohio, papera please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day iThursday). at 1 :.">0 p. m., at his
late residence. 2039 Howard street, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
MADDEN— In this city, November. S. 1904,
James Madden, a native of Ireland, aged
Co years.
McGRATH— At Caaserly District, near Wat-
sonville. Santa Cruz County, Cal.. November
6, 1904. William McGrath. a native of Ire-
land, aged 03 years. (Detroit Mich., papers
please copy.)
pyFrlends And acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, which
will take place from the family residence In
the Casscrly District. Thursday. November
10. 1904, at 1 p. m.
MINEHAN— In this city, November 8. 1904.
Patrick, beloved husband of Jane Minehan.
a native of the parish of Ahane. County
Limerick, Ireland, asred 63 years.
K7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
November 11. at 0:30 a, m., from his late
residence, 37 Freelon street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem
mans will be celebrated for the repose of
his eoul, commencing at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORSE— In ' this city, November 8, 1904.
George E.. beloved husband of Ida H.
Morse, and father of Marjorie McKinley
Morse, and son of E. A. and Adeline Morse,
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years 3
months and 5 days.
ETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-rnorrow (Friday), at 2
p. m., at the chapel of Odd Fellowja' Crema-
tory. Remains at the parlors of A. W.
Martin & Co., 310 O'Karrell street.
O'BRIEN— In San Diego, November 4. 1904,
Luke, beloved husband of the late Catherine
O'Brien, and lovlnsr father of Terence and
Susio O'Rrlen and Mrs. K. Shorten, a native
or County Cavan. Ireland, aged fO years.
(E7 Not Ice of funeral hereafter.
O'NEIL— In this city, November S, 1004,
Joseph O'Nell, a native of Ireland aged 67
yeurs.
OTT— In Oakland. November 8. l'.tO4, at 713
Third street, Apolonia Ott. mother of
Henry. Charles F. and Fred Ott and Mrs.
R. Schwab, a native of Bavaria. Germany,
aged CU years 2 months and .s days.
ETFuneral services at !.?r late home. 71.3
Third street, to-morrow (Friday); November
11. at 1:30 d. in. Interment nrlvate.
REA — In this city, November 8, Jr.04. Henry,
L., beloved husband of Ernestine Rea, a
native of .Scut!; Carolina, need 02 years 7
months and 20 days.
IC?* Friends an*' a> -quuintancf s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 ;>. m.. from MasnnJc Temple,
corner l\;st and Montgomery streets under
the auspices of Occidental Lodge No.' 22, F.
A; M. Interment private.
REGER— In this city, November 8. 1904. Parry
Anderson, be'oved husband of Mary Eliza-
beth P.exer. and father of Jannett Elizabeth,
title and Paul Reger. a native of Pennsyl-
vania, asert 39 years 9 months and 7 days. A '
member of Myrtle Lcdee No. 16, K of P
(Philadelphia and New York papers please
copy.) • j
E>"Frit-nds and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral services :
Friday, November 11. at 11 a. m.. at the !
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Comuany. 2475 Mlt-slon street near !
Twenty-first. Interment Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery, j
REMILLARD— In Oakland, No»ember 9. 1004, !
Mrs. Matilda Remlllard. widow of the late
Joseph P. Rcmlllard, ami mother of Marie
Remillard, a native of Oakland.
RODIELAT— In Oakland, November S, 1904.
Mane, beloved mother of Fred. Toney and
Anita Rodielat and Mrs. Ixiulsa Moore a
native of Mexico, aged «0 years.
CTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, Novembor 11, at 0 a. m.. at St \n-
thony'B Church, corner East Fifteenth street '
and Sixteenth avenue, where a hUh mass !
will be sairl for the repose of her soul In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery.
SEARLES— In this city. November 0. 1904
Rachel bcarles, widow of the late Robert
Searles, a native of Canada
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Saturday, November
i-> nt o : v,° c a -,, ni ' at the cha P«l 0' N: Gray i
& Co 35.J Sutter street. Interment Eureka,
Humboldt County, Cal.
SOMMERS— In this city. November 9 1904.
Walter Charles, husband of Pansy a' Som- !
mers. and eon of Jane E. and the late I
Charles \\ . Sommers. and brother of Mrs I
Alexander Kerr of Colusa and Adallne May
Sommers a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged ;
23 year* 1 month and 19 days A member !
of Mission Lodse No. 169. F and ™ M •
Parti? 11 :F h s Pt cr w E ' Sl *' nd c * ui °™i*
C?-Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday
November II. at 1:30 p. m. under the aus-
pices of California Parlor No. 1 N S G
W.. from Clark & Booth's chapel ' 612-14
\ an Ness avenue, near Turk street. Remains
T 111 o be ,n. scnt t0 Sacra m«nto f 0r interment on
the 3:30 r>. m. train Friday. -
Members of California Parlor No IN
S. G. W.. are requested to assemble at 612
Van Nets avenue at 1 :30 p. m. sharp.
1 I E.- G. WRIGHT. President
CHARLES A. BOLDEMANN. Secretary!
J SWETT— In Alameda. November 8 1004
' Emma Conrad Swett. wife of Da'niei s"
I Swett, and mother of Daniel S. Swett Jr *
and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Conrad'
a native of Alameda.
(C3*Fri'.-nd« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. November 10. at 10:30 a. m at
the lesidence of her father. John Conrad
2021 Pacific avenue. Interment, private.
TENCH— In this city. November 8 1004
Annie Tench (formerly Annie Phillip's) be-
loved wife of William .M. Tench, a native
of Wales aged 60 years 6 months and 4
days. (Welsh papers please copy.)
K?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at the mortuary chapel
of James Hagan & Co.. 4»-51 Duboce avenue
(formerly Thirteenth street), near Valencia. '
,. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
TOOTHILL— In this city. November 7 1804 '
Ellen M., dearly beloved wife of Albert Toot'
hill, and sister of Richard H., Edward and
¦ Elsie Harr.Bhar and the late Mrs. G Ed-
wards, a native of London, England ' aeed
30 years 7 months and 27 days. '
CTFrlends and acquaintances are resnert
fully Invited to attend the 'funeral Thur.1
day. at 10:30 a. m.. from the Church of the
Advent. Eleventh street, near Market Tn
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery by eieetri^
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. v "
WOOD — In this city. November 0 1904 F*»nk
D. Wood, father of Frank N.' Wood M™
W. J. Henderson and Mrs. W. F Pfelff>r"
axid a "5 e da f ysT erm .° nt ' aS ° l1 7 ° >ear8 ' 5 monthsDried Fruits, > uts, Raisins, Honey.
Another car of Italian Chestnuts Is in
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. TS'QlQc for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks: . NecUrines. I
6%@7%c for -White and 6%@7c for Red*
Peaches. 7%08%c per Jb: Pears, 7fcl2 c *
Plums pitted, 6@6%c for, black, 7%@siic
lor red and 7@S%c for yellow; Figs, g?row5
bricks 50c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown, 60c* ft
crown.' 65c ; bulk ; white. 2% ©3c; black. 3 tf£ j
Evaporated Apples." 5@7c per lb. : • (
PRUNES— 1%®1%c per lb for the four sizes !
and 2%c basis for the large sizes. ;
RAISINS— 1904 crop U o^^ b. , Fresno— Im
perial clusters. $2 25@2 50; pehesa, $1 30®l 33;
London Layers 85c0$l 10; Loose Muscatels, 4-
Jrown, : 4%cr 3-crown, 3?4c: 2-crown, 3^0;
Seeded. 4<ff 5%c; .; Thompson's Seedless. 4U C *
Beedless Sultanas ; 3%c per lb. ' . . : ..?.-•¦
NUTS— New Walnuts. No. lsoftshell. 1 2 »
X2%c; No. 2. 10©10%c; o No.^ 1 hardshell. 12c^ '
No. 2, .10o; . Almonds. 16® 17c for Nonpariels'
WO14%o for I X L. 13©14c for.Ne Plus Ultra '
and ¦ lie for ¦ Languedoc; ¦. Peanuts. 6@7c : for •
Eastern; Pecans, 11613c; Cocoanuts. $4 50&S-
Chestnuts. 8@12%c per ; lb for, Calif ornia • and *
12%©13%o for XUllan. ¦ • -
- - HONEY— Comb, ll%013o for white and lOQ
A Quiet Day, With No Flucti-attons of
. Importance. ?
There was a fair business on the Stock and
Bond Exchange, but quotations showed little
change. Gas and Electric was lower, selling
down to $56 12%, and there was a sale of Pa
cific States Telegraph and Telephone, ex-rights,
at $107. The oil stocks were quiet, as usua).
and the mining shares showed no noteworthy
variations.
The Roberts Oil Association has levied an
assessment of 6c. delinquent December 3;
Oakea Ditch Company, one of $5, delinquent
December 1.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a ,regi-ilar monthly dividend of 75
cents yesterday.
Four Oil Company has declared a dividend
of lc per share, amounting to $3000,' payable
November 15. .;.:.
Oil Stock Sales In October.
Sales on the California Exchange In October
were as follows: ¦ -
Price Dur
ing Month.
COMPANY. -I
; - " ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - Low. I High.
Associated Oil Co. 8tk.Tr.\Cer.. $ 19*$ 20
Associated Oil Co. Bonds........ 71 SO 82 00
Aztec :. 60
California Standard ' 14 13
Caribou 4 60 5 00
Chicago Crude -.0
Claremont SO 82
Four ....* ". • -- 66 58
Giant 15 20
Home. 75 1 15
Independence 27 29
Junction 03 18
Monarch so
Monte Cristo 60 65
Occidental . 04
Oil City Petroleum 66 67
Reed Crude '. 1 eo
Sovereign' ..... 32
Sterling ' 2 60
Superior OS
Twenty-eight - 0 73 10 00
Wolverine t ........... .... ... 40 r~ 43
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY." Nov.. 9—3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. : Bid. Ask.
4a qr coup.. 106-4106% 4s qr cp new.130%131
4s qr reg... 106^100% 3s or coup... 104% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s. — 121
Asso OU 5s. 8214 — Do 5s 112 —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102^4 Do con 5a. — 104 ft
Cal C G 5a.lO2 '-i — Oceanic S 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Om Cable 6s.l20t» —
m & ct 5s. S2»4 — Pac G Im 4s. — 9T
Cal-st C &8.114H — P E Ry 5s. .104%103
C C Wat 5s. — 98 P A C H 6«.1O4 —
EdL & P 63.125 — P & O K es.111%115
F & C II 6s. — — Powell- st «s. — —
Geary-st 8a.. 50 — Sac EG&RSs.lOO 100%
H C&S 5>is.lf>5 — SF t SJV5s.tl8% —
Do 5s 100 — Sierra R 6». — —
Hon R T 6S.1041* — S P of A «s
L A Elec 5s. — 103t; (1009> 10fl»4 —
L A Ry 5s..llBt4 — (1010) 100% —
L A L Co fis — — SPofCes
Do gtd 6s. — — I (lOOSlSr A. 101 —
Do gtd Ss.lftl 103^1 (19C5)Sr B. — —
LAP lem 59.101 — (190«> 104% —
Mkt-st C «s.ll8 — (1912) — 113
Do lcm 5s. — 117 SPC 1 etc 8*». — —
MV& MtTSs.106 110 Do 8tampd.tO7Vi —
NRR of C6s. — 107 S P B R 6a.l34til33-4
Do 5s 115% — 9 V Wat 69.104S —
N P C R 8s. — 106 Do 4s 2dm. 1*9^100%
N C Ry 5s.. — 11J Do 4s 3dm. OS 1 * —
N C P C 5s. 98% — Do R mtgis 90% —
N S R R 5s. — 94H Stkn OAE«!«. OT —
OG L&H 5s. — 110 IlIOtE 5*.102% —
O W gtd 6a. — 100 JITR of SF 4s. 85% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 35 I Port Costa. . . — —
Maiin Co... .•» PI Is V Wat Co. 39% 33-%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3>i 3IVS F G & E. M 5fit-i
Mutual E L. 10% 11 «4 1 Stkn O & E. — 5%
Pac L Co... 50*4 60% 't; G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
FlrenVs Fnd.310 34© I
BANK STOCK3.
Am Ntl Bk..l2fl 13» IL P A A ISO —
Anglo-Cal .. S5% 8rt%!Mer Trust.. ..210 230
Bank of Oal.42Ui430 Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 150 — S F National. — —
First Nationl — 3S3
SAVING3 BANKS.
Ger S * L.2330 — Sav & L So. . — 100
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.613 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — lfl8%J Presidio 8» —
Geary — 40 I
POWDER.
Giant -— 64 IVl-jorit — 4^
8UGAR.
Hawaiian C. 67 67% ! .Makawell C. » —
Honokaa S C 15*4 16- lOnomea 9 C. 30 —
Hutch S P C 10 10'i'Paauhau S C. 16% 17
Kllauea S C. 2% — )
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 97% 98%i Oceanic S Co. 3% 3%
Cal F C A. 99% — I Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. — 79%iPac C Borx.138 157%
JTV't MtTm. — 105 I Pac S Tel Co. — 1C«
SALES.
Morning Se-*«lon.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers* Association... 99 00 -
280 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 67 00
360 Hutchln?on S P Co 10 00
125 Paauh'aa S P Co 1« 50
50 Pac States T & T (ex -rights). 107 00
150 S F Gas A Electric 66 50
80 S F Gaa A Electric s 90 flff 25
50 S F Gas A Electric] s 90 58 50
32 Spring Valley Water Co 39 25
J2.000 N P C R R 5 per cent 105 5O a
$12,000 Cal Gas A El G M A C T 5s. . 92 00
Street —
10 Cal Fruit Canners' Assn 1C0 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — r^ •"
23 Giant Powder Con 63 39
90 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 87 00
125 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 CO
50 Hutchln3on S P Co s 3....1. 10 00
138 Makawell ". 29 00
125- Paauhao S P Co 16. «2ti
20 S F Gaa A Electric Be 12J4
5 Spring Valley Water Co 39 25
a $1.000 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 5s 100 00
"$2,000 Paclflc Electric Ry 5 per cent. 104 ,S7%
$2,000 Spring Val Wat gen mtge 4s. . 99 23
Street —
150 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 00
$10,000 Sprln-c Val Water gen mtge 4s. 99 23 J
$10,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. 83 73
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
Bay CPC 6a. — 101 - SF A NP Bs.112 112<S
b L Wat 6s. — • 114%!S P C R 4s. 98 103
Cal NW Cs.113% — S V Co 4%*U01% —
M C Wat 59.100 — Sun Tel 6s... 114% —
RIs I Wk»5s — 103 Do 5a 106% —
SF Drdk 59.112 — 8uttr-st R3S.104
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 25 Gas Con A.. 18% 19%
Amef Bis Co — 90 LonA SF Bk — 60
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Mat Nar Co. 80 —
C Jockey CMOS 113 Ne-/ Nat Bk.20O —
Cal Powder. 130 145 N Cal P Cix 9% 10H
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak Bk Sar.120 -.
Cal T I A T — 155 Oak T Con. . 75 _
Cen Bk. Oak 60 72% IOOF Hall A 6% — '
Chutes Co . . 5 5*4iOrpheuro Co. 16t4
City A C Bk — 120 I PacC Cas Co 135 _
Cyp L Imp.. — 8% Pac Sur 0x103 — .
East Dynm.. — 375 Paraf Paint 39
DptPwd pfd — S3 S F Drydock. — 63
Do com ..40 — SFASJ Coal. 17 U 20
FN Bk. Oak.120 — S J-Wst CtilrtlU _ •
Fischer Thtr 1.10 1% SO A MTgnt.l'VJ —
Frnch-A Bk.107 115 SwIjis-a Bk. 115 ¦
Hono P Co.. — 23 I Truck Elect. 11% 12
Do pool .. 23% 23 IUR InC pfd. 60% 61%
California Stock and OU Exchange.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert...:.. 27 •*•*«*•
California Standard ........ 17 "\9
Carlboa 700
Ontral Point Con 72
Claremont i»o "jj
Four M 57
Hcme .61 -W
Independence 33 ¦
Kern River 11 0O .. .
Monarch (of Arizona) 23 49
Monte Crtsto ¦ ho
Oil City Petroleum M 58
Reed Crude 1 85
Ser.ator 72 SO
Sovereign i 3,1 34
T-wenty-elfrht 10 00 11 00
Ml«cellnnfous — BKSfl
Csl Jockey Club 112 60
Fischer's Theater 140 1 S3
SALES.
Morninz Session.
667 Associated Oil 2A
117 Fulton 73
200 Home : 83
1000 Occidental 03
200 Sovereign 34
Street—
BOO Independence .................... 33
Afternoon Session.
Board
100 Reed Crude t CO
S3 Fulton 73
100 Monarch 2rt
100 Monarch 23.
Continued on Pat*© Fourteen.
The Doric took out a treasure -list of $168 -
S50, consisting of $6300 In Mexican dollars.
$700 In gold coin. $101,000 In silver bullion and
$550 In gold Just, all for Hongkong.
Silver was higher, and Continental Exchange
won also firmer. ' - *
The Manchuria brought up $97,140 In Japa
nese gold yen.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 &tu
Sterling Kxchange, sight ' — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 gg
New York Exchange, sight — ' ' 07U
New Tork .Exchange, 'telegraphic.- — • 10 .
Silver, per ounce — . sgi:
Mexican Dollars 45% @ 48
INTERNATIONA!*
New Tork on Paris .'.;..* 8.15%
New York on Mexico 21B
Paris on London.. 25.14T4
Berlin on London 20.36%
Wheat and Other Grains.
¦ WHEAT— The foreign: markets stood about
the same. Chicago advanced l%c. The feel-
Ing that general prosperity was to continue
and higher cables made the market firm, but
trading was light. Broomhall wired: "Rus
sia — In the southwest good rains have fallen,
but temperature much lower; visited by rain
Unsettled weather prevails in the northwest.
Franco and -Spain — Rain failed. 'Austria-Hun
gary and Roumanla— Crop has started" well;
prospect good." ,.
In the local market futures were higher In
sympathy with Chicago, and the shorts cover-
Ing. The cash grain was firmer, with more 4n
qulry, but quotations were unchanged.
CASH WHEAT. -
California Club, $1 4501 62H; California
White Australian, $1 W®1 62*4: Northern
Club. $1 45@1'62%: Northern Bluestem, $1 60
©1 62*4 per ..ctl. . . .
. FUTURES.
' Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. 1 High. Low. Close
December .'..$1 46% $1 47 $1 4B% $1 4 6 a''
May ........ I 47Ts 1 48^ ,1 47$ 1 431,
• \' 2 p. m. session. .
December— $1 A0% bid, $1 47 asked.
,May-|l 43%. \ ., ¦;, '..,.. ...
BARLEY— The market was quiet and with
out much change. Futures were firm enough
but dull. Receipts were light. ¦ ¦
., . ; CASH BARLEY.' •
¦Feed. (lODfl 11^4; Brewing and Bhlpolnz
$1 1501 X7H; Chevalier, $1 17H©122%ptr
V--,.— / ¦-. ¦ FUTURES. '
• Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
- December— No sales. $1 09 bid. eff«3Sfi§i
May— No sales. ,._„, •".
,- >' .' 2 p. ¦ m. session. . '.
December— $1 09% bid. - •
May— «1 08% ¦ bid, $1 O»% asked.
. OATS — There was nothing • new yesterday
Receipts ware light and the market was ou let.
White. $1 40fcl 66H; Surprise, $1 55m -jo:
M.:.fbr -ted. $182V40X«rfo,:No, x ¦ «i
STOeK MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL, MARKETS.
SUMMARY OP THE MARKETS.
Wall street stocks Terj- active and
higher.
Cotton lower. Coffee market very ac
tive.
X/ocal stocks and bonds quirt and
without feature.
Shipment of $19S,5S0 In specie to
lion^kon-;.
Coal hi abundant trappl*f and un
changed.
Wlxeat, Oats and Barley quiet and
featureless.
L-arj?© Import^ of Corn from die West-
Bran market gradually strengthening.
IL-ty steady.
Xotlilng new in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes quiet "-"fl weak. Onions ac
tive and firm.
Poultry In heavy supply and weak.
Game cleans up well.
Fruit markex in very fair shape for
sellers.
Another car of Italian Chestnut* ar
rived.
Buoct, Cheese and Eggs about as be
fore.
Provision? still inactive and weak.
Cattle, Shei-p and Hojjs unclianged.
fkUrer and Continental Exchange
somewhat iiiffher.
Arrival of $97.110 to Japanese yen.
Tlie Election and Stock*.
rise New York wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
J"ef!t-»r<iay eald:
"STOC1LS— Tie pronounoed cuccees of the
f.epubllcan* In yesterday's election seems to
iiave Inspired the s;eneral public with confl
•Cenoe. Tf.e public until recently has not taken
pert In *-be -stock market advances, wsJUnr
Crst for th* corn crop to b» assured and then
for Use election to be out of the way. lioth of
tbeae are ; an. end In a satisfactory manner.
General condittciis are sound, money ts cheap
»-.-- tbe slock market a&orda the only safe
» : profitable employment for surplus funds.
V <• still believe stocks) will sell higher.
"The action of to-day's market very plainly
tr« fleeted the effect or the tremendous Repub
lican v.ctory. It roesuia a long continued pe
riod of prosperity for the whole country and
••ri'! greatly enhance cur presti-je abroad.
"Prices have had a big advance lately, and
«re ni*y witness a sfcju-p reaction at any time
In a lull in the buyi:*. or. •hlfUnt of beavy
lent Intercuts amor.* the leading- operators, but
the lndiea-tiona point to ultimately higher
*pricea.
••OOFKE&— Trading In the ooSee market to-
Cay tu very active, with business larger than
f cr •orr.t- tiznt, teles amounting to 116.0U0 bags.
5'he nevs frcru cJ>rcad was not at all encour
¦Agir.**r. Our mtrkf.t cper.td steady, with May 5
toir-.s lower other months unchanged, and
eicsed fc.t 5 to 1 • points net advance, with a
»ury Strong undertone. "'
Money, Stocks and Business.
TU« New York circular of Henry Clews eays:
••A» to the future, of the market, granting
tv!l that has been claimed regarding the effects
c£ a proStabie harvest, of business lmprov*.
tcer.t, of et£.y money, of increased railroad
•areings and other 'avorable features, such as
the activity In iron and copper, it must be
recognized that thtse have bten amply di»
eour.ied. On their merits the majority of
sjood etocks are really high enough, tome in
Strt are tco high, and bargains ar« scarce. If
Bet entirely absent. At the tame ucie the
speculative epirit has been thoroughly aroused
%r.i is being ekil'fully nursed by those who
•till have ttocks In plenty to sell. The big
banking houses are alp.o Interested In prevent
tr^r any serious detllne. There is an excellent
investment demand for good securities, demon
etratcd by the rapid absorption of recent bond
ltrues and affording b&ckere a desirable op
portunity for carrying out long deferred plans.
The next iew weeks may consequently witness
the Sotatlca of a number of new Issues It
conditions continue favorable, eo that the op
erations of our leading financiers naturally
daice them as much averse to any Important
reaction as to any rampant speculation. Tb*
: . . ••: thus seem* in an exceptionally satis
factory condition, havlcg the double advantage
of national prosperity and the restraining
Tower of powerful bankers who are more vi
tally interested :n legitimate and euccesgful
-national '.-.•.,:••:.•. than in hazardous specu
lative enterprises.
THE OUTLOOK.
"Some uneasiness was caused by tbe re
t-ews.1 of gold sUp-sents. £o far ** the. actual
Joxf of thr metal is concerned there Is no cause
for anxiety. Our present stock is unusually
large and we produce about fSO.OOO.WO an
touaiiy. to «*y nothing of receipts from the
Klondike and Australia. The worst that could
fce anticipated would be a temporary reduc
tion of the bank reserves and a hardening of
turner rates, the latter contingency one that
would not meet with much ciifcapproval In
conservative backing circles. There Is an
other view, however, of eo unusual a move
«r*?nt at this season, when the supply of pro
duce bills c-og-ht to be large enough to pre
vtct gold ehipmenta. and that Is the strain
Imposed upon the Paris and Berlin money
ir.arkets by the Iiussian war loan. Paris is al
r«Jt<?y loaded up to the trim with Russian
kor.ds and extraordinary measures have been
Sr.ade to prevent panic there in case of Uus
¦#ian defeat. Government regulations now
trohlbit luture or short sales la order to pre
*fr.t a decline, but this operation may easily
rrove an element of weakness Inasmuch as
-ere will be no purchases on the short account
to surport the market la case of a break. The
trrt-.ga situation 1* one th&t requires close
ioT ' whlle OUr own *narket is in
fnnG shape, a cri*>l!< on the European bourtws
•^¦Mi.iJ certaialy have an Injurious Influence
"The rros-pects are for an active and lr-
J'^.w market, with possibly wide fluctua-
BOM I11^« r , Pf-cts may prevail before the
t->P :s reached, but values are already on a
Jr.rreanng. A cumber of large traders hav«
•old out and beccm* bear, for the time being
h-nce a division of opinion occurs which works
for !rrfcrular:ty and more active trading T'n-
Xsvorab.e bank statements and somewhat
f.m.er money rates have b~n looked for
*':•-• :aliy as the Government may reduce its
*<¦*,<* ts in the banks, but not much dUturb!
MM Is likely from this source. B s funds with.
f n .4. or ir"" 3 J iu n-o!fs will soon be returni
£* , I J * r - aas T r disbursements and inve«t
*r.-nt demands sre not far away, and the*,
fe-ust exert a supportlcg effect."
The Weathrr and Crops.
The weekly .report of A. O. McAdle section
e:r«ctor of the Oim.te and Crop aervwT nt
the Weather Hur-au, Is as follows: Berv3e * ot
GENERAL SUMMARY.'
The weather during the week was ren.r.!*.
•corth«rn Bections central and
Pl-ywir.-r and seeding are proere»«imr _ n iji
tr. all section. «cept IhtloSth^^herf th?^oM
I* too dry lor profitable cultivation The »cre
age la wheat. Wley and oat, is b**inVlawe£
eider the outlooK good for a very profnerous
J^Th E 1 rly *° Wa * ra!n ! * "-JWair «!E?
?^^n , also boen ra^ a " trom Orovllle
The CTcverdale orangea are later !„ «»?nrtnr
U.an In other efctlor.n but are In «.*•*«¦ •»».?
eon<Iltlon Ra- E ln making is practically cim
DUU and twit of the raisins are Jn packTr.^-
PACRAMENTO VALLETf—Cool aftd partly
cloudy weather prevailed durtng the wWk
•With fogs !n tfc» mornlr.-ts. Light rain ten, £,
Pl»nt»-d. Early grain is la «!
cellent condition and makirg rood growth StSck
are in good condition. Olive picking and pa^x
tisue«. Orarrns are maturing rapidly Ynd
5. U J^rr 6 " P'**- 1 ** h»« commene*<s"n
th« vicinity of OroviUe wid that twme ««"
ship-rcr.ts hare been made. Prospects ire
food for a larre crop. *^ * x-
CO/.HT AXD BAT ERCTTONa .— The weather
*« ***** ™™*I during the week. wi«, i£ht
rain In the central and northern sections and
frocuent fogs along Use coaet. Rain »™m y!
bmenclal 1= the southern district, es^cfa!^
for pas-.urage. Plowing and ~**Uag are Dr£
gTf—'.r* In all aectlons and a large acreage^!
grain U being planted. Early sown grain is
up and making good rrewth. Green feed !¦
abundnnt and growiug ropidiv j n th , ntr& J
end Dorthen. -sections and is fair in the south.
Btty-k are doing well. Corn picking and pota^
»Sirgir.g are in progress. Orangea at Cloverdale
art in good condition and a large crop la er
p«ct*d. Tl.e ol-ve crop in Sonon-A Ctountr la
tinuBuaUr !ar-r«. The t>*cond crop of fl-rs wa»
Injured ty rain. Apple har-reet Is progressing
SAN JOAQUIN VALLET.— Oenerally Sear
and cool weather prevailed during the Dast
tree*:. Plowing and seeding continue, but the
f-round is retting <;u!te dry for this work.
Rait-in curing Is nearly finished for this season
the coot weather for the last week has caufted
elow progrea*. Olive* are doing welL The
rrape crop 1* about harvested. Oranga picking
U prcgreeslng and a large crop of good else
**rll] be harvested. The flret parload of oranges
was a-hlpped froia Porten-llle Nov«mb«T 1: tbt
fruit mi of fine color and rood rise. Green
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.. 9,550|Oats. ctl*r 640
Wheat, ctls ... 630| Flaxseed. sks .. *,637
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 8.
Flour, qr sks.. 9,285 Feed, sks 320
Wheat, ctls . . . 4.038 Alfalfa Meal.sks 87
Barley ctls ... 1,485 Tallow, ctls ... 20(5
Corn. (West). ctls 6.000 Leather, rolls .. 152
Rye ctls 6T.0 Hides, No 450
Beans. sk3 .... 3,300 Pelts. No 290
Potato?*, sits .. 4,050 Lime, bbls ..... 1,365
Onions, sks 525 Paper, reams .. 1.270
Hay. tons 293 Wine, gals 107. 050
Straw, tons .... 51 Sugar. ct!« .... 1,040
Hops, bales 292 1 Quicksilver, risks 239
Wool, bales .... 227! Raisins, bxs .... 1,950
The car of Cranberries that arrived from
Cape Cod several days ago Is already almost
all sold, and the market for this fruit Is re
ported very firm at an advance, with rising
Eastern markets. Apples continue to roll In
from outside points, and there were liberal re
ceipts of the homo grown article yesterday.
Trade was reported brisk In fancy stock, while
the lower grades were neglected. Christmas
Apples were offering at $2 50 per box, but found
few buyers. Grapes did better under decreased
receipts and a brisk shipping demand. Early
arrivals of Strawberries and Raspberries
cleaned up promptly at steady prices. Re
ceipts of the Mallnda variety from WatsonvlUe
came to hand too late for the regular trade, I
and a good portion of them were turned over !
to peddlers at the Inside quotation. Receipts '
of Oranges consisted of several carloads and
numerous small shipments. Trade was fair In j
well colored stock, but owing to the Increased
receipts prices were lowered. . Lemons were
firm, with the market almost -bare of fancy
stock. Tbe other fruits had no change worthy {
of note. • j
STRAWBERRIES— $8®10 per chest for Long- I
worths, $1 60<g3 for Mallndas and $3 50@5 for
the other large varieties,
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 4®7c per lb. -v,V '
CRANBERRIES — Eastern, $8®8 50 per bbl
for Early Black and ?10@10 50 for New Jersey
and Cape Cod Late Red; Coos Bay, $2@2 75 per ,
box. : ;
APPLES— U 35®1 50 for extra fancy, $1© '
1 25 for ordinary fancy, 50®90c for choice and
25©40c for common. :
PEARS— Winter Nellls. $1®1 23 per box:!
cooking varieties, 40®75c per box. |
PERSIMMONS — 50®85c per box. i
POMEGRANATES— 50@e0c for small and $1
©1 75 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 20<840c per box. '
FIGS— 60c@$l per box. .
GRAPES— Table .varieties, C5<g90c for crates
80®50c for small boxes and $1 25@2 for open
CITRtJB FRUITS— Oranges, Navels, $2 75@3 25
per box; Seedlings $2;. Valendas (old crop).
$3 60@4; Lemons. *260®3 for fancy.. $1 75®
425 for choice and $1 2501 50 for standards;
Grape Fruit. $2 25®3; Mexican Limes. I4@4 .-50 |
per case; Bananas. $2«p per bunch for Central
American and ,75c©$2 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples. $3@4 per dozen. ,.,
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Forelffn Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
I Opening ..........73 7 5VA 74^4
! Closing 7 2U • 7 4»/ 4 7 3!i
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 23 50 . 25 05
JClonIng ....' 23 60 25 10
Flour —
Opening 30 95 32 70
Closing 81 05 32 80
St. Louis Wool Market.
I ST. LOUIS, Nov. 9.— Wool, steady to firm;
; medium grades, combing and clothing, 20®
; 27%c; light fine, ie<321c; heavy fine, 12@17c.
| Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 9.— WHEAT: For export-
Walla Walla, 82c; Bluestem, 85c; Valley, 86®
87c. For Eastern markets — Walla Walla, 85c;
Bluestem, 87c.
MISCELLANEOUS MAIIKETS.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 21% @
22%c for extras and 19#20c for lower to me
dium grades; dairy, 17@20c; cold storage, 18®
21c; store Butter, 14@>16c; Eastern cubes, nom
inal; Eastern ladle-packed, 15@16c.
CHEESE— 12@12%c for choice mild new and
10@lle for old: cold storage. 10%@llc; Young
Americas 12®13c; Eastern, 10@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 48®50c for large white se
lected, 46@47%c for good to choice and 37%O
45c for common; cold storage. 23@30c; East
ern. 25$28c for choice. 22@24c for standards
and 19@21c for seconds.
Cheese is steady and in light supply.
Receipts of Eggs were larger than of late,
but this might have been due to the holiday on
Tuesday, as the arrivals on that day were very
small. Prices show no change and the situa
tion Is as stated in the' last report.
Receipts were 55,900 lbs Butter, 945 cases
Eggs and 35,800 lbs^Wf?ese.
There was no particular change in Butter or
Eggs yesterday, though the top quotation for
Butter was shaded a. fraction. The market
was still oversupplled with creamery, fancy as
to brand, but which has deteriorated through
lying on the floorc some days, and these goods
tend to weaken fine fresh arrival* Overloaded
houses continue to offer their goods at sharp
concessions to clear off their floors.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Poultry market was heavily supplied
and continued very weak for everything In the
chicken line, and posted buyers were able to
shade the quotations for that line of goods.
Five cars of Westerns, mostly chickens, have
been marketed since Monday, and the receipts
from domestic points have been liberal. Geese,
Turkeys and good fat Ducks were wanted and
ruled firm at the old quotations. Dressed Tur
keys sold at 23@26o per pound.
There were no changes in Game. Receipts
were liberal, but the demand was brisk and
available supplies were quickly cleared up.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, H5®18c for old
and 21@23c per lb for young; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@2; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks. $1 50(35
per dozen for old and $5@7 for young; Hens,
J4«/4 50 tor small and fUQi 50 for large; young
Roosters, $6@5 50; old Roosters, $t@4 50; Fry
ers. $4@4 5»; Broilers. $2 50@3 50; Pigeons,
$1 50; Squabs, $2&2 25. . .
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3®7- per dozen;
Canvasback, $3@7; Teal, $2@2 50: Sprig, $2 50
@3; Widgeon, $1 50@2; Red Heads, $2 50(S3;
small Ducks, $1 50®2: Gray Geese, *3 50®
4; White Geese, $1 50@2; (Brant, $1 60^2 50:
Honkers, $3*35; 8nlpe, $3 for Englisb and
$1 60 for common; Doves, $1 25; Hare, $1 75;
Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 9. — CATTLE —
Receipts. 10,000 head; market steady. Native
eteers, $3 76@6 40; Southern steers, $3 40@4;
Southern cows, $1 r>CK&.'S; native cows and heif
ers. $1 r>OSi."i; stockers and feeders, $2 50^4;
bull?, $1 7C@3 50: calves, $2 25@5 75; Western
steers, $3@4 50; Western cows, $1 60(92 35.
HOGS — Receipts, 6000 head; market strong,
5 to 10c higher. Bulk of sales, $4 80@5 10;
heavy, .$5 05<Q5 \~\i\ packers, $4 90@5 10;
pigs and light, $4 50@5. •,,
SHEEP — Receipt*. 6000 head; market steady.
Muttons, $3 60(34 10; lambs, $4 25@4 75; range
wethers, $3 75®4 75; ewes, $2 50S-4.
Kansas City.
OMAHA. »b., Nov. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2000 head; market etrong to 10c higher. Na
tive steers, 54i&« 30; cows and heifers, $2 50©
3. 85; Western steers, $3@4 60; Texas steers.
$2 75(83 75; range cows and heifers, $2 25®
3 50; canners, $1 75@2 15; stockers and feed
ers. $2 25®S 1)5: calves., (3@£ 50; bulls, and
etags, $1 75@3 7t>. * * '" ¦
HOGS — Receipts. 4000 - head; market 5c
higher. Heavy, $4 9595 05; mixed, $4 97%<j*
5; light, $4 95<@5; pigs, $4 5004 90; bulk of
sales. $1 HT'-Jij 5.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500 head; market quiet.
Western yearlings, $4®4 40: wethers, $3 90®
4 SO;' ewes, $3 liO'tjc t 10: common and stock
ers. $2 50«&"4 10; lambe, $5<g5 85.
BHEEP— Receipts, 24,000 head; sheep and
lamb?, steady and firm. Good to choice wets
ers, $4 40@4 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 60®
4 00; Western sheep, $"i0/4 50; native Iambs,
$4@Q; Western Iambi*, $4@5 65.
Omaha. .
Chicaso.
'CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
23.000 head; market steady. Poor to prime
eteers, $3 90@7; Mockers and feeders, : $2@
4 15; cows, $1 40C34 00; heifers. $1 75®5 50;
calve*; $.{ 50®7 25; Western steer*. $3 75®5 40.
HOGS — Receipts, 43.000 head; market 5c
higher. Mixed and butchers, $4 9O*$5 20; good
to choice heavy, $5 05t?3 25; rough heavy. $4 73
(34 00; light. $1 S5@6 10; bulk of Bales, $1 95@
5.05.
CATTIiE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw. Castor Oil. In bases. No. 1 70c*
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10(31 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut, ca<v*»
BoSSOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil, Jn barrels'
6Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm OH. 68c; natural winter
Sperm OH. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c: extra winter
strained Lard OH. 75c; No. 1 Lard OH 65c*
pure Neatsfoot OH, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Olf
63c; light Herring Oil.. 42c: dark Herring Oil'
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c* raw
Fish Oil. 35c; belled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil, 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 10%c: Astral, 19U C .
Star, 19 He: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine. 26c* Eo-*
cene, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk
16c; In cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk, 13c • in
cases. 19%c; S8-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 25c
in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81e~ per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7«©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7%©7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-Ib bags-
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed, C 25c"
Powdered, B.lOc; Candy Granulated, 6.10c* Dry
Granulated, fine,- 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), B.90c; Confectioners' A, 6c*
Magnolia A, 5.60c; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden c'
6.40c; "D," 6.30c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more for all klnda. Tablets — Half barrels'
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c: H. & E. Crystal Dominos'
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Harrison's circular nays: "Since the steam
ship Ventura left there have been but three
arrivals of Australian coal from Newcastle,
namely: Brenn, 293C tons: Emma Laurani*.
2S17 tens; Lady Doris. 3000 tons; total. 8773
ton?. Notwithstanding the apparent liberal ar
rivals for October, which footed up In all 23.719
tone, the quantity received In October, 1903,
was more than double this amount, being
47.967 tons. Yet for the moment there is 1 a
bounteous supply for immediate requirements.
There are seventeen vessels (eleven now en
route, which ar« on the chartered list .from Aus
tralia to this port: they will carry In all about
45.C00 tons. But few names are being added
to the engaged list, as shippers are not pre
pared to pay the present asking rates. The re
sult Is shipments of colonial coal are gradually
diminishing. Shipments* from our coa« collier
ies are coming forward freely and are finding
ready sale on arrival. Shippers are enabled
to put their colliery output into this market
at a pretty low figure, as carriers are procur
able for tranr»portlng same at reduced rates.
Trade generally in this line Is showing an im
provement, as, the volume of trade at this sea
son of tho y*»ar always enlarges. There is no
perceptible change in values asked by either
the wholesale or retail dealers. Fuel oil still
holds Its sway as a steam producer, the price
li> low and the demand Is large. There appears
to be next to no limit of the quantity offered
for sale."
• BAGS— Grain Bags, $5©5 25; San Quentln.
$4 60; Wool Bags, 30@32c; Fleece Twine, 7ftc;
Fruit Bags. 6^@7%e for white and 7c for
brown Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington, 48: Seattle, JJS 50; Bryant. |6 5O;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond, S7 50; Cumberland, $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sack:: Pennsylvania An
thracito Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 5O@13 per ton In bulk and (15 In sacks:
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 50 per short
ton. >
General aierchandise.
Miscellaneous vegetables iwere generally In
free supply and prices had but slight quotable
variation. Fancy Tomatoes were rather scarce
and readily commanded higher prices, but
poor stock showed no improvement. A 20-lb
box of Summer Squash I from Los Angeles
brought) CSc and String Beans from the same
region sold up to 'J M>c per pound.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 400
60c per ctl; Salinau Burbanks. $1®1 35 per
ctl; R«ver Reds, 65©85c per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes, G6@85c per ctl. ">:..*'
ONIONS— $1 25®1 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— String Beans, 2@3c per lb;
Wax Beans, 2%03c per lb: Lima Beans,
3%@5c per lb; Tomatoes. 25@75c per box;
Summer Squash, 51 *25 per box ; Cabbage, W>c
per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 250
40c per box: Garlic, 4%c per lb; Egg
Plant, 35@40c per box; Dried Peppers, nom
inal; Green Okra, 75385c per box; Green Pep
pera, 25®50c per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard
Squash, $10(0.12 per ton for round lots.
One of the boats with fresh supplies of Po
tatoes from the river districts arrived very
late, but there was no change in prices on that
account and the market remained quiet and
weak. Two more cars of Sweet were market
ed, causing another decline In prices. Onions
were active and firm and some dealers were
expecting an advance.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Xew York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9. — Close — Money on call:
Steady at 2i»@3% per cent; closing bid, 2
per cent; offered, 2% per cent. Time loans
were easy and dull with '60 and 90 days and
clx months at 3HQ4 per cent. .
Prime mercantile paper. 4<34% per cent.
Sterling exchange waa steady with actual
business in bankers' bill* at $4.S940*£4.S645 for
demand and at $4.8360-34.6370 for 60-day bills.
Posted rates, $4.84%G*4.87.
Commercial bills, $4.83%. . •¦
Bar silver. 58>ic.
Mexican dollars, 46%c
Bonds — Governments, easrier: railroads,
etrons.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. ».— TTje election stock
market resembled tbe election itself. In the
fact that it offered small. chance for diminu
tion* and contrasts. The strength of the mar
ket became general and well distributed and
the dealings rose to a larger aggregate than
for any day since the panic, on May 9, 1901.
There was a heavy outpouring of stocks during
tbe fli-st hour by those who had bought in
th« past In anticipation of the larger de
mand that would follow the election, and
tbe market " reacted to near Monday's close.
In the last hour there we« the usual disposi
tion to realise profits on the considerable ad
vances of the day. But these movements did
not at all obscure the broadened demand for
securities, and the speculative strength dis
played by the market. Another change was
in the temper of the later speculation a*
compared with the opening. The most feverish
movements, at flret. were among the Indus
trials, some of the low .grade issues being con
•X>iouou*>, and they suffered moet materially
in the realizing of the first hour. After that
they did not 'return to their first prominence.
The opening rush in the securities of this
cJasc vru in pursuance of the campaign in
augurated late last week in them, on the as
sumption that the revived speculation after
the election would turn Into new channels.
But the demand which poured into the mar
ket to-day teems nut to be Inclined to rush
into all grades of securities without discrim
ination and without regard to the earning
power. The later market showed notable dl
vrrvion of demand to established dividend
rayers and to standard railroad stocks. The
L'nited States t-teel stocks were not exempt
from this tendency, and their opening prices
proved to be the highest of the day. Southern
Paclflc, Reading. Rock Island and Erie became
aggressive leaders of the late movement in
the railroad list. There was no specific new*
to account for their strength. The day's newb
was very little regarded outside the election,
and there was not much of it of importance.
Tbe money market was unaffected by the ar
rangements for further gold shipments to Cuba,
the recession to par of New York exchange
at Chicago, requirements for the revival In'
speculation, the announcement of the placing
here of a part of a Japanese lean of
$00,000,000. and the intimation that Govern
ment deposits to the extent of $20,000,000 will
probably b« drawn from the banks about De
cember 1. St»rllng exchange was steady, but
the Imperial Bank of Germany made a good
return, -sterling rising at Berlin. The price
of gold was n'.arked down in London and the
impression was created that an advance in
the Bank of England discount rate will be
avoided to-morrow. The stock market closed
irregular and below best prices.
The bond market was very strong, but the
largest dealing* were in convertible Interest
bearing lesuee. Total sale* (par vaiue),- $14,
11S.00U.
Xew York Stocks.
n. F. .Hutton & Co., 430 California street,
Ean Frar.c:*-co. members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales. I Stocks— iHlgh|Low.l Bid.| Ask.
62.S0y,Amalg Copper .. 74 %| 72;i| 73% i 73%
4.1HK) Am Car & Fy Co 2b;» a>U| 2S"^ 28
l,2wi Do pfd I 6«»4 J-.5V* 86 S6%
700,Am Cotton O'l..| 32% 32% j 32% 33
6,rxiO;Am Or Twine Co) 11 V* h'% 10 10-4
400 Am Hide & L. .. 6%! 6% 6% C%
4(X». American Ice . . 6% 8 8% H%
l.oooj Do pfd 37SJ S0% 36>,i 3«-) 4
2.000; Am Locomotive.. 31 30>,4 30% 30**
1.21-Oj Do |M y-'-i 86% 9«%| 69
700jAm Malt 5% 5% 6%i 6%
r. 4"j, Do ,:d 23% 22% 23 1 * 23%
20.lU0.Am 8m &. Rf Co- T<V> 75fc 75% ~5%
1.100) Do pfd 112%|112 112 112%
41.4UO{Am Sugar 147 145% 145 % 146
Do pfd 1138 139
Am Tob pfd 144% 145
BOO, Am Woolen 18% 18% 18 18%
I Do pfd 85 86
fc5.3OffA T & S F 88% 87% iHiV 4 88%
0.90o; Do pfd 103 ,101% 102% 102-*
26.100 Bait Jc Ohio 90^ M5% 85% 96 
100| Do pfd 93% 85% 05Vi »3%
l»,400,B It T 68^1 C7%| 67% 67%
• lOOjBruns D & I... 9% 8% 9% 9%
2,70&!Canadian Pac .. 129"*, 129% 129% 129U
4,400;C & 0 45% 44% 44% 45
C & A 37 39
., I Do pfd b0 85
23.900C & G W 24% 23% 24 24%
•2*0l Do Pfd A ($2 64
1,4'X*, Do i'fd B 35% 35 85% 35%
2U0 Do debs 83 89 S7"fc JK»
2,«CXJlC & N W 200 il&i 107% 109%
2».40u;c M & St P 1174% 172!i 173% 173%
¦SOOi Do pfd H83% 183% 183 1S4
186.4WC R I & P (new)| 86% 84%
2,e00( Do pfd I 76% 74
1,100 Chicago Term .. 11% 10% 10% n
3001 Do pfd I 23 22 22 22%
l,100;Ch!c Un Traction.) 10 9 9% 10
1.300;C C C & St L. . 86% S6V 4 86% 80%
22.300, Colo F & I 44 42% 43 Vi tt
I Do pfd si fc-j
jCciUia H C & 1 14% 14%
8,700 Colo South 2.'iT<i 22% 23% 2:Pi
2,000 Do 1st pfd.... 06% 56 5*3 50%
3,300 Do 2d pfd 35% 34% 35% 35%
S.ftOO.Ccnsol Gas 217% 216 217'4 217«i
4.900'Cont Tob Co pfd. 125% 124% 125% 120
12,900 Corn Products .. 20% 20 20 20%
2O0l Do pfd 78% 78 78 78%
4.20G|Del & Hudson.. 186 184 184 185
|D L & W 820 325
100'D & R G 31% 31 31% 31%
»00 Do pfd , 83% 83%
Detroit Un Ry . . ./ 76 75U
600 Detroit South ... 6% 6 4% 5
700 Do pfd 9?4, 9% 914 9%
7,700'DSsUIling Secur . 37% 86iJ 36% 3714
«O0:Duluth S S & A. 12% 11% 12 12Vi
l,&00| Do pfd 20% 20 -lOV 20'A
182,500 Erie 41% 40 41% 41%
9.200 Do 1st pfd.... 78% 72 73% 73^
4.200 Do 2d pfd .... S3% 62% M% *j 4 r *
1,600 Gen Electric ...177- 170 176% 177
800' Hocking Valley . 84 83 82 83 ;
?(001 Do pfd 89% 89 89% 89%
7O0;illinois Central.. U5% 144 145 145i£
S.POQjInter Paper .... 20% 19U 20« 20%
1.000 Do pfd .79 78% 78^ 79
¦ 1.2<i0jlowa Central .. 29>4 28 28% 28%
3,800 Do pfd....... 51% 49% 50% 51 il
4O0JK O Ft S&M pfd. 81U 61 81 8l2
1,000!K C South 24% 24 U 24% 24?!
1.200! :Dopfd 61% 61 t\u 6ir2
J.00WI. E & W 38 33% 30 38
200Long Island 60 CO CO 04
. 12.800IL A N. ......... 135% 134% 135% 135%
4,O0C»;Manhattan 163 1C2U 162% 1OI
7.70W Metrop Secur .. 82% 80% 80% 80%
22.000 Metrop Ry ...... 124, 122 122 122%
42,000 Mexican Cen ... 19% 18% 19 lo.*?
800 Minn &. St L.... 1C1 160 160 l«i
HOoOi'm St P A 8 S M. 92% 82 9r% 92
. 2,1<X>! Do pfd 149 148 148 149
23.400!Mo Kan A Tex. 23% 82% S3V 33»t
e.SK-* Do pfd 59% 59 C9U .Vj2
25.800'Mls«ourl Pacific . 1O5>4 104 104 rj 100
' 2.400;Natlonal Lead... 25% 24% 24U "4%i
I Dojpfd 07 9g •
900NRRofMpfd 40% 40?i
. B00 Nat - Biscuit 49% 49% 48% 60
Do pfd 111U H2U
400jN J Central ...185 185 185% 186
l,700|N Y Air Brake.. 139 13«5 137 189%
l.J«X*:N Y Central ... 135T4 1S5H 135'i ISC?
4.600JN Y Ont & W. 48*4 42% 42% 43
7.400'Norf & W«et 74% 73% 78% -73Tt
Do pfd 90 957
6,400,North Amer ..., 87 98 96% 97
5,000!North Secur ....118 117 117% 117«
BOOiPaclfle Coast 79% 79% 78 78%
Do 1st pfd :.. 100 106
200 .Do 2d nfd 84 84 82% 84
1.400 Pacific Mail 42 41 4i2 42
©1,200 Penn R R Co 136% 185T, 1382 136%
85,»V*0 Peoples Gm 111% 10»' - lloxi nog
2.800 Precsed Steel C. . 84% 8*% 84 842
C00 Do pfd 83 gjjij
Ry Steel Bpge Co 86 86-*
Do pfd 7<s% 78 2
167,800 Reading 7T 78% T6*i 7SC
60W Do 1st pfd.... 88% 8S% 87 S«2
1.100 Do 2d pfd .... 81 80 79% |o2
, 8,600 Rep S A 1 1754 15% 16*4 leg
700 Do pfd- ...... 64 61 « 632 63«
l,4O0Jrtubber Goods .. 24 22% 23% 24
2001 Do pfd 84% 84U 83 *8
.1.800 Slos. fs&IOo. 68%* 67^ 67% M
....... st j & a I...... ...... ..... 18% ieu
I Do 1st pfd 62 M
SEEDS— Brown Mustard (4 75SC; Yellow,
Mustard, $3 25; Flax, $2®2 75; Canary, 6%
®7c; Alfalfa, 15%®16%c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Timothy, 6%c; Hemp, 3%@3%c per lb; Millet,
2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 75 © 2 60; Green
Peas, $1 75@2 50 per ctl.
Beans continue quiet at unchanged nuota
tlons, and there Is nothing new in Seeds.*
BEANS — Bayoe. $2 75©3: Pea. $3 10®3 25;
Butters, $2 75<&3; small White. $3 15@3 30;
large White, $2 40@2 65; Pink. $1 7«®3 15, ac
cording to condition; Red, $4 25©4 6O; Lima.
$4 10-3-4 20; Red Kidneys. $4 50@4 75; Black
eyes, $2 60®2 70 per ctl; Horse Beans, $1 85
©2 40. . • .
Beans and Seeds.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7%®7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%ip«%c- thin Cows. 4S5c per lb. *
CALVES— 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Ewes, 3©3%c
Per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50#2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 250 lbs, 4%®4»;c;
under 140 lbs, 4%@4%c; soft Hogs, not want
ed; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 60 per cent
off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from above
quotations.
DRESSED MEAT3.
Whoesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as fo'lows:
BEEF— 6©7o for Steers and 4©5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6@7%e; small. 7©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7%c; Ewes, 6«7c pet
pound.
LAMB— 8%®9c per lb.
PORK—Dressed Hogs, 6@Sc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The market shows no further chanje In any
description.
Meat Market.
1.400) Do 2d pfd 26% 26% 26 27
7,000 St.L & SF 2d pfd 66% .63 66% 67
200SI.L&SW 24 23% 23 23%
«,700 9t.L & SW pfd.. 60% 60 50 60%
24T.600 Southern Pacific. 65% 62% 64% 64%
2.100 South Pao pfd... 116% 116ii 116% 116%
42,300 South Railway.. 35% 34% 35% S5%
e00 South Rail pfd.. 94% 94% 94% Qi%
Tenn C 4 I...». 70% 68% 69% 6U%
Tex Pao L T Co 38% 3»%
»,80O Texas Pacl&o .. 36 35% S6% 35%
1,200 Toledo St.L & W 30% 2» 29ft 80%
4,800 Tol St.L & \V pfd 61% 49 60% 50%
' Twin City R T.. 106% 109 106 107
145.600 Union Paclne ... 118% 111% 113 113%
80.300 Union Pao pfd .. 95% 95 94% 95
UD R of S F 7. ..... 16 17%
Un R of SF pfd 61 61%
Un R of SF 4's 85% 88
U S C I Pipe ..16 15 15% 16
... U S C I Pipe pfd 72 6»% 72 72%
9.700 U 8 Lfather 13% 13% 18% 13%
1.200 U S Leather pfd 92% 92% 92% 98
'... U S Rubber 29% 29%
US Rubber pfd. 84 84%
200.600 U S Steel Cor... 27% 26% 26% 27
142.9W.US Steel Cor pfd 85% 84% 84% 85
l,70(/!va-Car Chem Co SSU 37% 38 &8%
iVa-Car C Co pfd 110% 111
12,100 Wabash 23% 22 23 23%
7.60QiWabash pfd 44 Ti 43 ' 44% 44%
Wells-Fargo Ex. 287. 245 \
1,300 Western Union 91 91%
2.700 Westlnghouse ...174% 171 173% 174
2.300W4LE 19% 18% 19% 19%
400 W A L E 2d pfd 29% 23% 20% 80
2,60O|Wis Central .... 23 22% 22% 23
TOOlWIs Cent pfd ... 45% 45% 45% 45%
2,870,900 total shares sold.
Now York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reg..lO4%|L & N unified 4».102%
Do coupon 104% I Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg 104% Mex Central. 4s... 74
Do coupon 104% Do 1st lnc iS .
Do new 4s reg.130% Minn & St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon..... 130% M K & Texas 48.102*4
Do old 4s reg.106% Do 2ds ...85%
Do coupon lOGVl Nil of Mex con 4s. 80 >i
Atch gen 4s 103% NYC gen 3%s..lC0%
Do adj 4a 93 N J C gen 5s 135%
Atlantic C L 4s. 98% Nor Pao 4s 103
Ba!t & Ohio 4s.. 103% Do 3s 75%
Do 3%» 96 Nor & W con 4s.l00%
Central of Ga 5s.ll2 O6L 4s & partlc.104%
Do 1st lnc 93 P& conv 3%s 102
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO6% Reading gen 4s... 101%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 80 S L & I M con 6s.ll5%
C. B & Q new 4s. 99 S L & S F fg 4s. 88
CM & SP gn 43.110% St Louis SW lats. 90%
C & NW con 7s. 127% Seaboard A L 4s. 84
C. R I & Pac 4s. 78 So Pacific 4s 94%
Do col 5s 90 So Railway 6s.... 118%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lO2% Tex. & Pao lsts.,120%
Chi Term 4s..... 83 Tol. St L & W 4s. 61
Cons Tobacco 4s. 78% Union Pacific 4s.lO6
Colo & So 4s 89 Do conv 4s 112%
C F & I con 5s. 82 US Steel 2d 5s.. 87%
Den & Rio G 4s.l01 Wabash lsts .....H714
Erie prior lien 4s.lOl%t Do d#b B 66%
Do gen *m 89 W & L Brie 4s 92
F W St D C lsts.110% Wls Central 4s 92%
Hock Val 4%s...lO9%
• New York Mining. Stocks.
Adams Con 20|Uttle Chief 06
Alice 60|Ontarlo 3 50
Breece 12|Ophlr 3 30
Bruns Con C9j Phoenix , 14
Com Tunnel WPotosl ' 09
Con Cat & Va. .. 1 65| Savage 23
Horn Silver ..... 1 251 Sierra Nevada.... 24
Iron Silver 1 05 Small Hopes 27
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 1 »0
Boston Stocks ani Bonds.
Money— IU S Steel...'. . 26%
Calf loans 203] Do pfd 64'
Time loans . .. ... . .4©5I Westing Common. 84%
Bonds — ¦ Mining —
Atcblson 4 102 Adventure 7%
Do adj 4s 93H Allouex 15%
Mex Central 4s... 70 Amal Copper .... 72%
Railroads — Amer Ztnff 13%
Atchlson S8% Atlantic 17%
Do pfd 102% Binjtham 83%
Boston & Albany.251 Calumet & Hecla.625
Boston A Maine. 10.*;% Centennial 29%
Boston EHev 15.1 Copper Range' 6fU4
Fitchburg pfd 139%1 Daly West 12%
Mex Central 18»;iDom Coal 62U
N Y. N II & H..l»4%IFranklin 16%
Union Paclflc 112%iGrancy 3T4
Miscellaneous^ — (Isle Royale 20%
Amer Arge Ch«m. 19 Mass Mining 7
Do pfd 80%!Mlehi«ran 9*i
Aracr Pneu Tube. « I Mohawk 54%
Amer Sugar . . . .145Tfti'Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Do pf<j 1SS (Old Dominion ... 23%
Amer Tel & TeI.14:?%|Oeceola 02
Amer Woolen ... IS iParrot 21)
Do pfd R5 IQuincy 108
Dom Iron R- S...ir,% I Shannon 8V1
Ed Elect Ilium.. 241 Tamarack 125
On Electric 1"R'51 Trinity lflu
Muss Bleetrlc 18 « U S Mining .. 2KW
Do pfd CB IU S Oil ,. J0W.
Mass Oas 41% Utah ..." :.. 43%
United Fruit 105 I Victoria 6
Un Shoe Mach... r.4%4(Winona XI
DopM 31% I Wolverine 100%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money 88 1-161 N Y Central 139%
Do acct 8S 3-16! Nor & Western... 75%
Anaconda 6% Do pfd 93U
Atchison 0«A Ont & Western... 44%
_Do pfd 1(H% Pennsylvania .... 71%
Bait & Ohio 98%|Rand Mines llti
Can Pacific 1X3% I Reading 88^
Ch« & Ohio 07 Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 24%! Do 2d pfd 41
Chi. Mil & Et P.177U.!so Railway 3fl«
S e Beer » "H Do pfd 97%
Den & Rio G.... 32% So Pacific A 64U
_ nopM R5 Union Paclflc ....115H
Erie 4114 Do Dfd OS
Do l«t p-fd 74% U S Steel 2 ?%
T1 , D o2dpfd 64 I Do pfd SfliJ
111 Central 147%|Wabaah "-til
IxjuIs A Nash....l.1«%! Do pfd '.'. 45%
M. K A Texas... 33Wlp r anl«h 4s rt^
Bar silver— Firm. 26%d per ounce.
Money— 2©2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
ehort bills is 2%©3 p^ r cent Vnd for three
months' bills 2 15-16€3% per cent.
Condition of the Treasurv
WASHINGTON, Nov. 9.-To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the Division of Redempt»on, shfws: 1"^,!
aWe cash balance, $144,839,871; gold. $84,668.
; New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 9.— Cotton futures
opened firm. November. 9.71c bid; December
9 «5c; January. 10.04c: Februar>'. 10 0«c bid'
March. 10.14c; April. 10.17c; May. 10 23c
rJ^mh 6 " o'-S* 1 f teady - November. 0.69c;
Xew York Grain and Produce.
a- 1 S«7 r . T^S K ' r£S lr - 8 —^^OUR-Receipts,
Btesuf-' exports. 5000; sales, none; market.
WHEAT— Receipts, 25,000; sales, $4,600 000
futures; spot, iirm; No. 2 red. $1 21% fob
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 27%-f o b
R S°" : X Manitoba. $1 07% t. o.' b.
afloat. There was a modest election boom in
wheat to-day helped by predictions of YmaUe?
XVestern receipt*, higher cables, covering of
Bhorta and a big Budapest advance. The mar
ket closed very firm at l%c net advance
May $1 13%@1 14V4. oloeed $1 L%; 5S?y
$1 02Q1 02%. dosed $1 02%; December'
$1 17%©1 18%. closed $1 1S%: 1J ««»™ber,
WOOL— Steady. . •
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
PETROLEUM — Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refinlng-T^T/io. e . n .
trlfufral, 96 test, 4 7-16c; molasses sugar 'a^c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice
8%c. The market for coffee futures closed
steady at unchanged prices to an advance of
•16 points. Sales, 107.200 bags. Including* De
cember, 6.9537.05c; January, 7@f7.10c- March
7.25@7.35c; May, 7.35®7.55c; July, 7.B5®7 75o'
September, 7.70"3>7.85c; October. 7.75@7.85c ' I
BUTTER— Firm: official price, creamery
held extras. 22%©23c, creamery
CHEESE — Strong. .
' EGGS — Firm. • •
DRIED FRUITS..
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market
shows weakness, with futures offering freely
under spot quotations, while demand is light*
common are quoted at 4@4%c; prime 4%-ft
5c; choice, 6®5%c; fancy, 6@6%c. - !
• PRUNES— Are quiet. Spot supplies are not;
increasing materially. On the other hand cur
rent needs are being supplied to arrivals on
contract. Demand Is light. Quotations range
from 2c to 5%c, according to grade.' ' ¦.
APRICOTS — Are dull, but steadily held
choice are nuoted at 9%@10o; extra choice at
10W®10V t o..and fancy at Il@15c
PEACHES — Are quiet, but well ' held, with
choice quoted at 9@9%c; extra choice, ogiOo
fancy, 10<gllc.
', ; .'* Available Grain Supply.
KEW YORK. Nov. 9.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street show the following changes In available
grain supplies, as compared .with the previous
week: . . •
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increase, 2,537,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe 4,000,000 bushels; total sun
ply, lncreai-e, 6,637.000 bushels. . . .
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1.170,000 bushels. • .
Oats, United States and Canada, east of -the
Rockies, increase. • 73.000 bushels.
. New York Metal Market.
. NB\T TORIt Not. ».— Tin advanced to £182
Ts 6d for spot and. to £182 for futures In the
London market, or a gain of £1, as compared
with the closing . prices of last Monday and
the local market closed steady.
Copper, £63 6s, 6d for spot and £64 0s for
futures. . Locally the market was firm and
showed an advancing tendency, ; with lake
quoted at $13 87%©14 12%: electrolytic,
#18 87%0U; caatln-ar. |18 62%6!11 "^ '-7.
Lead closed at . £13 Id' the X<ondon- market.
EASTERN' MARKETS.
Bran continues firm, and Oregon, which baa
recently been offered at $17 50, is now held at
$18. California goods are unchanged.
Receipts of Hay are light at the moment
and the upper grades are showing rather more
steadiness at unchanged prices.
BRAN— $18@19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 50®28.
SHORTS— $1S@19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23®24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50932 50;
Jobbing, $33: Cocoanut Cake, $23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal, $24@25: Corn Meal, $31®31 60;
Cracked Corn. $31 50@32; Mixed Feed, $22 60®
28; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10@15; Wheat and Oat. $10®
14; Oat. $9@12; Barley and Oat. $8@11: Volun
teer Wild Oat, $7@10; stable, $9@10; stock.
$5 G0#7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa, $9® 12 per
tea.
STRAW — 85®60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstnffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
•bout %@lc under quotations. Heavy raited
Steers, lie; medium, 10c: light. 9%c; Cow
Hides. 9%o for heavy and 9%c for light;
8tags, 7o: Salted Kip. 10%c: Salted Veal.
ll%c; Salted Calf, ll%e; dry Hides. 17%c; dry
Kip, 15c; dry Calf, 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
26©40o each: short Wool 40*Se5c each: me
dium, 75©00c; long Wool. $1©1 50: Horse
Hides, salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for
medium, $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for
medium. $1 for small and 50o for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c: Goat
skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large. 50c; medium 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb;
*•«•, 2 . 3%o: Grease, 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern, 9®llo; Southern, 8©9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9®llc; Middle Counties, free. 12014c;
do, defective, 10@12c; Northern free, 12614c;
do defective, 10012c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 16®18c per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop, 28%G31%o per lb. •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
representing moderate advances since last
Monday. Locally quotations were unchanged,
ranging from $4 80 to S4 60 for the spot de
livery. " '
Spelter was higher In both markets, closing
at £24 in London and at $5 40@5 45 in New
York. . # "
Iron closed at 60s 6d In Glasgow and at 45s
10Hd in Middlesboro. Locally Iron is firm:
No. 1 northern foundry . $15 50(916; No. 1
foundry, southern $15@i6; No/ 2 foundry,
southern, (16<gl5 60. : • ..
New York Copper Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 9.— Copper was firm to
day. Twelve hundred tons of the metal sold.
It closed at 63%c.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE*
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9.— A sharp advance in
grain prices at Liverpool influenced the wheat
pit here at the opening. Early reports indi
cated'that wet weather had prevailed in Ar
' gentlna. Advices from that country, however,
stated that the weather was improving. As a
partial result of this dental sentiment In the
pit soon became more bearish. Reports of rain
In the Southwest were an additional Incentive
to sell. The market also was influenced, in a
large degree, by the bull crowd. Under the
selling pressure December declined to $1 1214
and May $1 1194- Toward the end of the ses
sion, however, sentiment again became bullish,
largely as a result of the extreme strength of
the late corn market. The market closed
strone, final quotations on December being at
$1 13%. May closed at $1 12%.
An active demand from shorts caused an ad
vance, of over 2%c in the price of December
corn. The market closed practically at the
highest point. December dosed at 51%©51^k>.
Strength of other grains had a buoyant effect
on the price of oats. December closed at the
high point. 2d%c. :
Buying by shorts and packers caused
strength in yrovislons. January pork was up
16c. Lard was 10@12V4c higher and ribs were
up 7H@10c. . ;
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles, a Open. High. Low. Close.
December *.°\ .. 1 13 1 13% 1 12V4 1 13%
May 112^i 113 111% 1 12J4
July »*% 9S% . 97-* »8%
Corn, No. 2 — . ¦ •
December 49H 61% 49 51*4
May 40% 47 46U , 47
July 46$ 4B% 48tf ' 46%
Oats. No. 2 —
December 29 20*4 29 29%
May Zl% 31 S 31% 31%
July 31% 31% , 31V* 31%
Mess tiork, per bbl —
January 12 80 12 87^12 75 12 82H
May .'. ..12 75 12 82b 12 72V, 12 82%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 7 17tf 7 22^ 7 16 7 22H
May .....7 25 7 85 7 25 7 35
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 57% 6 57% 6 62% 6 67%
May '672% ti 75 670 675
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Nov. 9. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, eauy; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 10®l 16; No. 3. S1®1 02; No. 2 red, $1 13%
fil 17; No. 2 corn. 54®53%c; No. 2 yellow,
5»%c: No. 2 oats, 31%c; No. 2 white, 31%@
32c; No. 3 white, 30%®31*;c; No. 2 rye, 81c;
good feeding barley, SOV&c; fair to choice malt
ing. 41052%c; No. 1 flaxseed. .$1 10%; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 16%: mess pork, per bbl,
$11 20@ll 22%: lard, per 100 lbe. $7 12%@7 15;
short ribs sides (loose), $7@7 12%; short clear
sides (boxed), *7@" 12%; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 24; clover, contract grade, $12.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 67,000 33,000
Wheat, bu- 255,000 175.000
Corn, fcu 121,000 808,000
Oats, bu 470,000 551,000
Rye, bu 111,000 151,000
Barley, bu 314,000 51,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Nov. 9.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries. 15624c'; dairies, 14%@21c. Eggs
firm, 17%»i?20%c. Chtese firm, 10J4@llc.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80©
6 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@6;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: .Graham Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, J8 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 CO; extra cream do, $S 60;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy.
$3 C0@3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls, S6 75®7 50; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flonr and Millstuffs.
ieed Is plentiful, and stock ar« healthy <and la
good condition. Irrigation water la abundant.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. — Clear and w&rm
weather prevailed during the week, with light
winds and occasional fogs In the coast districts,
"rtie noil in most places is too dry tor working.
thouKh some dry plowing has been done. Wal
nut picking and shipping are progressing and |
will probably continue during the month; the
crop at Anahtim is considerably below esti
mates and the nuts are of small size in many
orchard*. Oranges at Upland are maturing
earlier than usual and the orchards are in
excellent condition, mainly owing to liberal Ir
rigation; the first shipment was made from
Highland on the 4th. Raisins are nearly all
In the packing-houBes; the yield is not remark
ably heavy, but the raisins are of superior
quality. Apple picking Is nearly completed.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.— Vegetation in
the northern section was started by September
rain*, but checked in growth by succceedlng
dry weather. Orange crop ranges half to full
of unusually fine fruit, whlcn is coloring rap
idly.
EUREKA SUMMARY.— Grass growing rap
idly and stock are la excellent condition,
Plowing and seeding when weather permits.
Apples practically gathered and heavy ship
ments continue.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7o for Eastern compound
and 9@9%c for pure; half-barrels, pure 9V®
9%c; 10-lb tins, lOtfc; 5-lb tins. lOftc; 3-lb
tins, lOVic.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S%e; -three
half barrels, 8*4c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8«c; nve tierces. 8*,c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, io^4c for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14%o for suzar-cured;
dry Salt Sides, 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 12%@12%c; California Hams,
12@12Kc; Mess Beef. S10@10 60 per bbl; extra
Mess, $10 50@ll; Family. $12@12 50; prime
Mess Pork. $14 50- extra clear. $23; Mess,
$17 50; Pig Pork. $26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues inactive at unchanged
quotations.
llo for amber; water white extracted, 5%©
6c; light amber extracted, 5@6Hc; dark, 30
BEESWAX— 27@29o per lb.
$1 22%©1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
H 42H®1 60; Black, SI 30® 1 35 for feed and
11 45®1 60 for seed.
CORN — 6000 etla of Western came In yester
day, but the market showed no weakness.
Sales were reported at $1 50, and $1 51 M was
paid for an exceptional lot. At the same time
new Corn is offered to arrive at $1 45. The
millers are buying freely.
Western sacked, SI 4501 50 for Yellow,
$1 45@1 50 for White and U 45®1 50 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, |1 45@1 50; small
round do, $1 55® 1 62%; White, nominal:
Egyptian, $1 8501 45 for White and SI 25Q>
1 dO for Brown.
RYE— SI 37%@1 42 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal at about $2 per
ctl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
C. V. WAGNER & CO.
AUCTIONEERS AND COMMISSION MER-
CHANTS,
115-117 BUSH STREET.
Canned Fruits at Auction
ATTENTION!
EXPORTERS, DEALERS, HOTELKEEP-
ERS, BAKERS. RESTAURANTS. GROCERS.
STEAMSHIP COMPANIES. RAILROADS
AND CONTRACTORS.
Just in time for your Thanksgiving and holi-
days.
22,860 CASES
Of the well-known hlgh-irradsi
Canned Fruits Vegetables
Select-* and Put Ui» in the Napa Valley. Cali-
fornia. Will Be Sold AT AUCTION.
THIS DAT.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 19 04.
At 11 o'clock A. M.. by Catalogue.
Remo\*ed Direct From the Napa Cannery
for Convenience of Sale to the Premises, 23
Battery Street. Between Bush and Pine. San
Francisco, California.
Consisting of Standard. Extra Standards.
Extras. Solid Packs. Peaches. Apricots, Black
and White and Royal Ann Cherries, Green
Gages, Egg Plums, Blackberries, Tomatoes.
Etc. •
REMEMBER Date. Hour and Place of Sale:
Thursday. November 10th. 1904. 11 o'clock
A. JI.. 25 Battery Street, bet. Bush and Pine..
San Francisco.
C. V. WAGNER ft CO., Auction and Com-
mission Merchants. 115 Bush Street. San Fran-
cisco. MAX COHEN. Auctioneer.
BIG SALE second sale 07 BIG SALE
6O HEAD
MODOC
HORSES
Consigned by JOHN COLLINS and A. b.
DICKS ot Oregon.
GKNTLE WAGON .HORSES. STYLISH
ROADSTERS. MATCHED TEAMS. FIND
SADDLE HORSES. Will Be Sold Without Re-
serve or Limit.
THURSDAY. Nov. 10. 11 a. m. >
AT WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
220 VALENCIA ST.
E. STEWART, Auctioneer.
Every Horse will b« guaranteed to be %.i
represented.Health Board In two or three days.
Dr. Henry H. Hart is said to be a
candidate for the place.
W>fl.1lns-cake boxes -¦ and * Invitations. 'Ed
ward Knowleg Co., 24 Second it., or. Market. *
DIES OF ASTHMA.— Conrad Swager of: 276
Minua street died yesterday 'afternoon in an
ambulance while fcelnif conveyed to the Central
Emergency * Hospital. He . had , been « Buffering
with asthma .for -a Jong 1 time. . . :
ThonRanili suffer .from a short, hacking:
cough, who might' be- cured- byPiso's' Cure.' •
Vacancy on Health Board.
1 Mayor- Schmitz stated yesterday
that he has not as yet considered the
names of those doctors from whom
"a selection may be made to succeed
J.C. ;Stinson on the Board of Health.
. Stinson resigned on Monday,, but the
Mayor; did .not see the resignation
until yesterday morning when he ar
rived at • his office. His Honor says
he will name the new member of the
Says Detectives Robbed Him.
John Boesel, night watchman at
Clayburgh' &" George's slaughter-house
in Butchertown; swore out a warrant
before Police Judge Mogan yesterday
for the arrest of L. Dlckover dnd John
Barnett, Pinkerton detectives, on a
charge of petty larcency. He says that
on Monday, night, after chatting with
the two defendants "for some hours,
they took him :to their rooms at the
Pwaleigh Hotel, 319 Sutter street, and
tcok $29 fronrhim. . ' • -¦ • •
h The overworked Eye," faded Eye, red
and inflamedEye, Eye- that needs care,
relieved by Murine Eye Remedy. •
Board of Education Wants Supervis
ors Forced to Submit Proposed
School Amendments.
Attorney Stephen Costello, acting in
behalf of the Board of Education,
filed a petition for a writ of mandate
at the Supreme Court yesterday ask
ing that the Board of Supervisors be
compelled to call a special election on
the proposed school amendments. The
Supervisors have declined to act in
the matter on the ground that there
were no funds available, but the
Board of Education claims that the
election is necessary in view of the
formal issuance of the call for it sev
eral weeks asro.
Although the Supreme Court sus
tained the Election Commission in its
refusal to place the amendments on
the ballot at the general election,
there is some doubt in the minds of
the city's legal lights about the right
of the Supervisors to hold that the in
cident was thus closed.
ASKS COURT TO ORDER
A SPECIAL ELECTION"
Saloon , Entered by Burglars.
. J. O'Reilly, saloon-keeper, 1401 Va
lencia street; reported to Policeman B.
Kelleher. on Monday evening that
v/hile his saloon was closed during
polling hours it had been, entered by
burglars and $24,45 stolen from the
cash register. .Entrance had been ef
fected by breaking the' glass in the
rear door and pushing back the bolt.
Kelleher arrested . Frank : Lynch and
Richard Windrow and' locked them up
in-the tanks at the City, Prison pend
ing "further > developments. They had
been seen hanging . around the place
during the afternoon. .
Your College Colors.
Get a Stanford.' or TJ. C. lapel- button
free at Brown Bros.',' 516-618 Market st»
Imagination Is what keeps the doc
tors busy.
Will Mandamus Supervisors.
School .Director Roncovieri Is pre
paring " to bring ¦ mandamus proceed
ings against the Board "of Supervisors
to compel, that body to call a special
election in January for the purpose of
submitting the . six. proposed charter
amendments affecting the- conduct of
the Public School Department. Ron
covieri will base his petition. on his in
terpretation of the constitution that
the Supervisors • must submit the
amendments when 15 per cent of the
voters petition them to do so. In this
case more than. 80, 000 electors signed
petitions that the amendments be sub
mitted to the people. ,
Prince Sadanaru of the house of
Fushimi herS\ yesterday from
Jaj.rn on the steamship Manchuria and
was accorded a reception- befitting his
rank as a nobleman of the spunky lit
tle nation that has opened the eyes of
the world in demonstrating military
and naval skill in its war with Russia.
The' Manchuria was met »at the en
trance to the harbor by the revenue
tug Golden Gate, and. by the courtesy
of the Treasury Department, the Prince
was permitted to leave the inbound
liner without the ceremony of "inspec
tion," and. with his attendants, he was
landed several minutes later at Wash
ington street dock. /
The Prince comes as a messenger, so
to ppeak, from the Emperor of Japan
to President Roosevelt. He was cor
dial to the representatives of the Gov
ernment and the reception, committee
that were on board the Golden Gate. to
offer him the hospitality of not only
San Francisco, but the United States.
The Manchuria anchored off Melggs
wharf about 10 o'clock in' the morning,
and a few minutes later the tug went
alongside. Those - who were - on • the
Golden Gate were William B. Hamil
ton, Hart H. , North, Commissioner of
Immigration;'' Charles Al Stephens^ W.
D. Wightman and Harry Moffltt. The
Japanese residents of thls^city were
represented t by Japanese Consul K.
Myeno, S. Skatsuka, Secretary of the
Japanese legation at Washington, T.
MIkimoto, manager, of the . Nutsui
Bussan Company, and K. Ito, manager
of the Toyo Steamship Company.
D. S. Richardson, foreign secretary of
the consulate of Japan, was | with A.
Oyama and J. Iwaya, assistant secre
taries of . the consulate. Another one
of the welcoming host was S. Tosawa,
manager of the Yokohama . Specie
Bank at San Francisco.
MANCHURIA ARRIVES.
When the Manchuria dropped anchor
the Golden Gate made" fast alongside,
and the reception committee followed
the Custom House Inspectors up I the
gangway. They were conducted to the
upper deck, where they were presented
to the -Prince and his party. In his
.suite are A. Sata, Minister Resident;
Count S. Terashima, Lieutenant Col
onel S. Mihara, N. Watanahe, master
of court ceremonies: S. Tokioka, of
ficer of the imperial household . de
partment; S. Miki. retainer of the
Prince, and Dr. K. Rokkaku, the
attending physician of the Prince. All
the members of the Prince's party
were dressed in the latest American
style, exceDt K. Watanahe, the master
of court ceremonies,' who wore the
morning court uniform of Japan, which
Is not unlike the uniform of an officer
in our own artillery corps. Across his
heart Watanahe wore several doeen
handsome medals. At his. side was a
beautiful saber, and .over his left arm
he carried a magnificent overcoat of
heavy brown satin, gorgeously em
broidered with the Mikado's crest.
As he walked down the gang plank
from the Manchuria to the deck of the
Golden Gate many thought him to be
the Prince.
On arrival at Washington-street dock
the Prince was received by an Immense
throng of Japanese, who saluted him
Shan. In the Japanese-Chinese war
he acted as commander of the Fourth
Regiment and was in / engagements
at both Formosa and Port Arthur. He
was educated to be a soldier.
The Prince, after dinner, . accom
panied by several members of his
suite, occupied a box at the Tlvoli.
Vy'hile his imperial Highness was not
conversant wjth the argument of the 1
libretto, he greatly enjoyed the music
and-funny situations in "The Messen
ger Boy" and applauded . heartily
throughout the performance.
with modulated shouts of . welcome.
Here a reception committee composed
of twenty local leading Japanese mer
chants in frock cqg^£ t silk hats and
white gloves formeu a sort of hollow
square at the end'of the wharf. A large
proportion of the Japanese population
of the city was lined up at either side
of the long dock. The Prince was con
ducted to a handsonie open carriage
and escorted by the reception commit
tee to the St. Francis Hotel, • where
another delegation of Japanese was at
hand to offer him. su hearty welcome.
He retired immediately to his apart
ments, which consist of the entire
southern second floor of the hotel. -
In honor of the visitors the hotel "has
been beautifully decorated. Massive
Jars and urns of priceless value deco
rate . the grand salon. The stairway
and halls leading to the Prince's apart
ments are appropriately ornamented.
DRIVES IN PARK.
Shortly after luncheon the Prince,
with several of his suite, took a drive
through the park. He dined in his own
apartments. He will leave this morn
ing at 10 o'clock for Washington. ;
In. speaking of his visit to this coun
try the Prince said: "I come here with
messages of friendship from the Em
peror of Japan to the President of the
United States. As the .representative
of my country, I shall deliver these
messages to President. Roosevelt. After
this I shall return by way of. St. Louis.
I am very anxious to see your wonder
ful World's Fair, of whibh I have heard
so much. -^ ¦
"I am particularly interested in arts
and. sciences and these I shall study
with especial interest, it is twenty
years since I have been in your coun
try. Already I note the marvelous
changes that have taken place in your
magnificent city since that time. I shall
return here in time to sail for home: on
the Mongolia, which. leaves here for; the
Orient on December 28. - I . hope to
spend a few. days in-your oity at that
time, when I shall try to take in all the
many points of interest abouthere."
The Prince does not speak' English,
but Is a scholar of French. In appear
ance he Is" above the height of the Jap
anese. He has a commanding bearing
and looks every inch an • army officer.
He is the highest in rank of the four
Imperial Princes. . .During the present
Japanese-Russian war he. served as
commander of First Division of the
Second 'Army in. the battle ; of Nan
| JAPANESE PRINCE WHO IS NOW HERE AS BEARER OF* MESSAGE PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT. |
Preparations are being made at the
Russ House for the accommodation of
the many delegates that will arrive
here to attend the annual convention
of the American Federation of Labor.
To-day J. E. McDougald. J. Keane.
P. J. McCarthy and O. A. Tvletmoe will
consult with Manager O'Donnell re
garding the rooms to be occupied by
the visitors and arrange for the use |
of a suite on the parlor floor for the ,
federation's convention headquarters. <
On Sunday afternoon, a special train
will arrive bearing five hundred dele
gates from all parts of the country and
the various labor organizations of the
city have appointed committees to re
ceive them. ; Among those who will
come here are many men high in the
national labor circles, and whose
names are known throughout the coun
try. Prominent among these will be
the president of the federation. Sam
uel Gompers; John Mitchell, president
of the miners' organizations in Penn
sylvania, whose efforts greatly helped
the strikers during the coal mine trou
ble, Frank Morrison and James O'Con
nell. Last year the convention was
held in Boston, beginning November 10
and lasting two weeks.
The business of the convention will
commence Monday morning at Lyric
Hall and daily sessions will follow that
will last two weeks and possibly three.
Aside from the routine work and re
ports of the various delegations, inter
esting discussions and important legis
lation affecting* labor will 'take place.
The evenings will be given ud almost
entirely to social enjoyment. The San
Francisco delegation has planned to
make the delegates' stay a memorable
one. Banquets to the delegates will be
tendered at the various hotels bv the
local organizations. Chairman John
Keane of the reception committee will
have charge and everything will be
done for the comfort and welfare of
the quests.
. One of the most attractive features
of the gathering will be the carnival
and ball of thf» International Brother
hood of Electrical Workers in the Me
chanics' Pavilion on Saturday night
The benefit lately given by the
Housesmlths* Architectural Workers'
Union for the widoW of Julius Wolf,
vho was killed on the last Fourth of
July at Shell Mound Park, was a de
cided success, leaving her a reminder
of the generosity of the co-workers of
her late husband.
Another mass meeting of the retail
clerks of this city will be held in Pio
neer Hall on next Monday evening-
Miss Emma Lamphere will be the
principal speaker.
Officers and Delegates of
American Federation Soon
to Arrive in This City
WILL WELCOME
LABOR LEADERS
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted a
divorce to May Mott-Smith Bird, artist
and one of the owners of the Mott-
Smith estate in the Hawaiian Islands,
from John E. Bird, who deserted her
because her family would not let him
handle her finances. The affidavit of
the wife's .brother, Ernest A. Mott-
Smith, a lawyer of Honolulu and man
ager of the estate, was read. Bird is
in Norwood, Massachusetts. When he
married the heiress in Boston in 1898,
the book value of her wealth was
$88,742 64, but the brother says that in
reality it was only about $60,000 be
cause of the depreciation of securities
held by the estate, which had not been
charged off the books. At the present
time- the books show her to jbe worth
$73,539, but the real fortune, accord
ing to the brother, is about $31,000, and
Mrs. Bird's sole support Is her Income
from this and her .earnings as a de
signer of antique jewelry In this fity.
Bird was working on the Boston
Herald for $20 a week and said that his
wife caused him to lose his position.
After that he would not accept a posi
tion, that was not in keeping with his
pride. In consequence he did nothing
but speculate with his wife's money.
When the Mott-Smith heirs were pre
paring to incorporate the estate Bird
opposed and said that he was going to
manage his wife's property himself.
However they i incorporated and the
estate is worth more than $300,000.
WORK IX ISLANDS.
In 1900 the proud husband was in
duced to go to Honolulu and was prom
ised a Dosition as clerk and book
keeper for the estate. Mr. Mott-Smith,
however, .found It advisable to retain
his old bookkeeper and made Bird
auditor. He was also paid to write re
ports of the plantations owned by the
estate on several of the islands, but,
according to Mr. Mott-Smith. these re
ports were of {lttle value and Bird de- (
voted his trips to pleasure and so
ciety.
In August, 1909, says the deposition.
Mrs. Bird followed her husband to the
islands and three days later Bird told
his brother-in-law that 'they had some
differences which Mott-Smith was ask
ed to adjudicate. He declined to in
terfere in family troubles and selected
lawyers for Bird and his wife. No
settlement was reached, and three
weeks later Bird sailed for home. Prior
to that time, Mott-Smith offered to set
him up in business, but his enterprises
came to nothing. "He shrank from be
ginnings," said the depondent. Refer
ring to Bird's relations with his wife,
the brother said: "His affection for
her bore the ear-marks. of spasmodic
infatuation, rather than sincerity. His
disposition darkened her natural buoy
ancy."
Divorces were . granted yesterday by
Judge Graham to Anna M. Lingerf elder
from George F. Lingenf elder, a Union
Iron Works employe, for cruelty; by
Judge Hebbard to Edith M. Christen
sen from Peter N. Christensen. deser
tion; by Judge Sloss to Annie Maud
Shelton from Robert J. Shelton, deser
tion. Judge Hebbard ordered Hippo
lyte Pradels. a lodging-house keeper, to
pay his wife, Marie Pradels, J30 a
month alimony pending the trial of her
suit for divorce.
DIVORCE SUITS FTLED.
Actions for the legal separation of
unhappy married couples were flled as
follows: Frances A. Brown against
Edward J. Brown, desertion; Laura B.
Arthur against Edwin Arthur, neglect
and desertion; Catherine C. Wheeler
against. R. A. Wheeler, desertion; Mag
gie Kamalade against Herman Kama
lade, cruelty and desertion; Norma L.
Smith against Eddie P. Smith, neglect;
Annie Mabel Williamson against C.
Cyprus Y. Williamson, cruelty (in this
case there are three s children,
the youngest six weeks old): John
Eberhard against Anna Eberhard. de
sertion; Victoria Li. Grove against
Warren G. Grove, a seaman on the
U. S.S. Independence, intemperance and
neglect; Ethel C. Orton against Arthur
W. Orton, cruelty. y
Bertha Joseph sued Isaac Joseph for
$20 a month maintenance. They were
married August 3 of last year and he
deserted her October 3 last. She says
he has $1000 in cash and earns $20 a
•week.
Honolulu Lawyer Says the
Husband Was Too Proud
to Work—Many Suits Filed
BROTHERS .DEPOSITION
May Mott-Smith Bird; Heir
ess and Artist, Is Freed
From Man- Who Left Her
Prince Fushimi Receives Royal Greeting
BEARS FRIENDLY MESSAGES FROM MIKADO TO ROOSEVELT
JAPANESE WELCOME NOBLEMAN
FAIR HAWAIIAN
WINS DIVORCE
CRESS UNGER
IS ARRESTED
Two Charges of Kmbezzle
raentMade Against Him by
Officials of Government
BAIL IS FURNISHED
Attorney for the Accused
Attributes All Trouble
to Errors in Bookkeeping*
Cress Ungrr, who for more than a
Quarter of a century has befii con
nected with the United States Customs
service In various rapacities, and
against whom vlie finger of suspicion
has been pointed during his service as
seizure clerk, was yesterday afternoon
arrested on a ci;arse of embezzlement.
Without suffering the ignominy of
being confined in & prison*;ell he was
held In the United States Marshal's of
fice until his bondsmen arrived, rrhen
he was taken before Commissioner
Heacock and released after his bonds
men had qualified.
The amounts he is specifically ac
cused of 6iealir:£: are small, but the
District Attorney 1 !" office says these
cha rfces are mtuie merely to hold him
and others may be pressed if necessary.
There are two counts agrainst him. The
first charges that on March 17. 1P04.
in violation cf the laws of Congress,
he stole certain property valued at
SI9 2$; the second count accuses him
of having on ilarch 22 stolen property
valued at $36 53. The words of the ac
cusation in both cases are identical,
with the exception of the dates and
amounts. It is as follows:
Tliit Cro«a Cr.ccr. Jn violation of an act
of Oon*re« approved March 3. 1S75. at the
City and Count* or San Francisco in tb<» State
*cd Northern iJirtr'.ct of California, did
tht-n and thc-re xrjil'ully, unlawfully aa<l felon,
iously. «<teaJ. puricun ar.d carry away certain
moa«y and pro;«rty to wit: the sum of $ld 28
of the monojrE, r r -ods and chattels of the
ITslted Slate*.
Unger wap arrested at his home, 1614
Fell street, by Deputy United States
Marshal Georue H. Buixham. He took
his arrest calmly and said that he had
Intended giving himself up. He asked
for time to procure bondsmen, which
¦was granted- The bond was fixed at
$5000 and T. E. Coghlan. Unger's broth
er-in-law, and Harry Corbett acted as
Bureties.
V.Tiile awaiting the arrival of his
bondsmen Unger was nervous ajid re
fused to make any statement. He
eeeined confident that he would be
cieared of the charge, but did not care
to discuss details.
Kis attorney, Bert Schlesinger, was
equally uncommunicative. "I have not
had time to discuss the case with my
client yet." he said, "and accordingly
cannot enter into details. All we can
cay is thax there were errors or irregu
larities in bookkeeping s.nd as soon as
these were discovered the amount was
promptly made good. The Government
has lost nothing, and I am sure Unger
has not been guilty cf any Intentional
wrong doing."
The small amount of money alleged
to have been stolen by Ur.ger ¦will not
protect him fro:r. punishment in case
of conviction, as tee act of Congress
under which he will be prosecuted
makes no distinction regarding
amounts. The penalty is fixed at im
prisonment at hard labor for a period
not exceeding five years cr a fine not
exceeding $5000, or both such fine and
imprisonment, at the discretion of the
court.
Attorney Schlesinger expressed sur
prise at the arrost of Unger and shows
a letter from Collector Stratton to
T'nger. dated November 9. in which
Ur.ger is informed that certain charges
have been made against him and he is
requested to appear before the collector
on November 12 and show cause why
he should not be dismissed. .^.
The case will come up for preliminary
bearing before Judge Heacock Novem
ber 19 at lu o'clock in the morning.
. o ¦
Fall hats. 1904. iust arrived, sobtilw
tb&r tv*r. Tom IMllcr. & Co.. opp.Paiace.*
. ? .
AEKP PAT FOR HIS ARM.— Suit for dam
apes for r*™^ 1^! Injuries in the sum o? f£0,
ev> was berun y^rterday by John D. Rogers
i c«.:r.:-t A. U. Oreenebaum. owner of & paper
box factory, where Roper* -\a.< employed aa
prees feeder. On July 30. It 1e alleg-sd. he
«'at put to work on a defective box catting
machine and had his riprht hand and arm
crushed, necessltatlnr amputation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
16
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
. ' SMALL ADS.
Your Choice of .
A CLEAVER
•¦ —Or— ¦¦¦¦'¦'. ; '
. AN EMERY STEEL.
Both desirable articles j and .un-
usually big values. '
. Free With Every Small : Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small Ad Page for Further
¦ • Particulars., .
ADVTEKTISEMEXTS.
j
'Of a cough, especially of infants
zrA delicate children. Don't wait
until the ccugh becomes hard, the
throat inflamed and the lungs and
bronchial passages congested.
Avoid cough remedies that contain
opiates, stupefying drugs and dan-
gerous anodynes. They only
quiet the symptoms— drug the
cough into silence — but that is not
curing. A weak place is left to
cause trouble later. A remedy
must be used to subdue the in-
flammation, stimulate the secre-
tions, soothe and heal the irri-
tsted membranes and cure the
cough to stay cured.
Irish Moss Cough Balsam is such
a remedy. It enjoys the indorse-
ments of many physicians, who
use it in their daily practice. Sold
by your druggist at 25c and 50c
bottle.
No Breakfast Table
complete without
• The Cream of Cocoas.
Tho Most Nutritious.
nvfi Economical.
Bj^crwsod & Saerwoofl. Pacific Coast Asrts.
lotrrrro'ci CCEE SIC K HEADACHE.
uAKltnd .
ESittie _ Genuine Must Bear
B I VER ' Jas-Simiie Signature
g PILLS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T? tw Mm U9 B9 " rjj'm a Rfl 1 jpT(
39 STOCKTOST 5^.. 2TJ3AS S1ASZET.
TELEPEOKE illAJS 6SS2.
STO BSA5CH STOSSS.
We «J9 fully prepared with an lmmen*»
supply of holiday soods. new nuts, naw
raisins. n«w California and Smyrna flga.
cranberries, plum puddings, mine* zaaat.
etc.. etc.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Spacials
Trcsa Creamery Butter. ..per «q. 84c
Excellent quality.
Potaliuaa Cold Storagre Ejffa.doz. 2Sc
Guaranteed.
Boyal Baklnff Powder. .1-lb. can 3Sc
Half-Dound 20c
Reg. 45o,
Canned Fruit. Assorted. Code-Fort'
wood's Picnic Size per tla Jic
Keg. 12%c.
Oresroa Boiled Cider —
mil at. toot. 35c; pts. 20c
Reg. 4Cc. 25c.
Finnan Baddies. Fresa. . .per lTx 15c
R*S. 20c.
Canned Asparaarus p«r tta 25<s
S. & W. or Red Ribbon brand. Reg. 30c
B4ve Olives..... per «t. 40c
Etonian' a Orovilla— fl«t of th<s aeaaon.
Eona Coffee, roast or srround..lb. 20c
Reg. 25c.
The much appradated monthly apeclsJ.
Victoria Blend Tea per lb. 45c
Reg. biVi-. A blend that aulu tbo most
featldioua taste.
Seeded Raisins 1-lb. piar. Sc
Reg. 10c. The very beat nuallty.
Cleaned Currants 1-lb. pkff 10c
Reg. 12Hc
For your mince meat or plum pudding.
Sunbar's Canned Shrimps. Is and 2s
Special 10c — 2Oc
R«g. 12%o and 23c. V *'
SSellwood Bourbon per bot. T."»c
OaUon S3.OO
Reg. fl.OO and $4.00. Spring "ft*
Astor Bye.. per bot. OOc; ffaL 84.00
Reg. ?1.25 and W.CO. Soring *90.
Holland Ota per bot. T5ci ffal. S3
Reg. 51.00 and fUX>.
Poesesses fin* medicinal qualities.
Berg-er'a Absintne. . . .per bot. 81.2O
Reg. Jl.BO.
Choice Claret per ffsX 4O<r
Reg. 50c-
Zmported Olayer A2a..doz. bat. SI. 50
Reg. *l.c,\
CantTell & CochranVa Belfast.
P^ill assortment of fine KEY 'WB3T and
niTORTED CIGAR3 at growers' prloee.
For driviiid !
Ceitteisaeri
Cape
rf Very Durable 7*\
5 Heavy Seams N* B • * ***
I Sizes 6* to 10 A PAIR - |
I 109 GRANT AVE. ;
S^Bct. Geary and Post Sts. !
*»>0g gfenTtjjgStei HAM
F^CJ f?^^'3 «4^/ j^2| taaV iftn
You may be thinking of us-
ing an artificial food for your
baby. Try Mcllin's Food ; it
is a proper food suited to the
baby's condition. It is not a
medicine but a true food. Let
us send you a sample to try.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
';•/;- BALE'S. \ HALE^
Hale's open Saturday nights ncnv till Christmas,
Flannelette Underwear
Sale Gowns and Skirts at Hale's
Women's Gozvns at 50c, 7.5 c and $1.00.
Skirts at 33c and 50c; Children's Gowns at =;oc.
It's a move that should interest every woman in San Francisco.
Timely as it is, big and important. And typical of this broad Hale
merchandising that is turning more and more women to Hale's reg-
ularly by bringing better values arid greater opportunities. It's a
move that is illustrated uTa window to-day. \
Gowns at 50c. . Skirts at 33c.
Warm pink and blue striped flan- Heavy pink and blue striped
nelette, made generously full, with flannelette, with yoke band; splen-
turn-down collar; sizes 14, 13, 16 didly made; skirts you would ex-
and 17. 50c. pect to see at 50c. They're priced
Gowns at 75c — 3 styles here. Heavy 33c now.
flannelette, fancy yoke, collar and skirt* at 50o— Heavy pink ar.rt blue
cuffs, full in length and width; > striped flar.nel-tte. trimmed with
sizes 14 to li. • torchon lace; or plain pink and
Go-sras at 81.00 — 3 styles. Extra heavy bi u * O r cream Daisy Eannei.
flannelette, either striped or In
Plain pink and blue or cream Daisy Children's GoWHS at
flannel. Fancy yoke, collar and
cuffs. Gowns that would be splen- Pink and blue striped, or pla!n pink
did value at $1.25. Sizes 14, 15. IS and blue, warm flannelette; sizes 4 to
and 17, at 81.00. 14 years. 50c.
22-Inch Muffler Silk at New Embroidery Classes
? 75c and Sale Art Linens
A muffler is a gift any man will The embroidery classes to teach
appreciate, especially if you work tne ncw Hardanger, Bulgarian and
it yourself. It's time to begin now. ev elet work.
rtin'ctnu. ««¦*•? m^«»j, -A^ 1 expert Instructor to teach yon th*
Christmas next month. new Pitches free. Harfiangrer work la
The Bilk is unusual. "We have made done on close scrim cloth, the Bulga-
it more unusual yet. We wUl rtaxnp r ! a J 1 on tan U?*" cloth - A " the ™ at f'
?fe». i.i f i.i. *_.. 9« •„ „•,... "„ rials you will need are here and in
c? «!? £ V* 18 ,i eO \ 23 « ln * Wld * at "Plendid assortment.
S1.00: a* in. wide at 81.95. Sa , e flft j^^ stamped
'•":¦ ¦ to work to-day. Round thread
\ ; linens with spoke stitch hem.
A OCtr* ***5llp> 9 ~ ia - BoUles. ia^c 13-ln. caea. 15o,
- : Uy ¦** sO\* kJCLISJ up to so-ia. ones at 65c Scarfs, l&t
wC w-. ,, «, . f-,. 27. at 25o;18z45 at 80c: 18=54 at 90c.
Felt Hat Shapes
All colors and black and white. 1000 Yards 12^C
They're untrimmed, but how little Sllkoline at 7V$C
it will take to trim them. . . , , , '" .
You won't be nearly as surprised as 36-mch figured silkolme, splendid
the dealers, for they're hats that usu- variet y oi patterns,
ally sell at $2.00; the very styles to It's a move for more bustcess on th«
make splendid street hats for women. f^™ d floor t 0 -*** 7 *° Instead of
Maybe you will be more interested in
Velvet Hats, $1.75 — Untrimmed. hand- g^sTx $/ >*3v©«tf«>
Every woman wants & now bat for igGy J^f- / *~ 3 *^^
Tlianksarivlnsr. Every woman essl -*^£*2OO£> OOOO^^'^
\ should think of Kale's to-day. -**«»— r—~-^ -V»' .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Compelled to Move
in the Height of the
Season i ;; ; ;
We announce below some remark-
able prices in furs.
_>- ->^->>_ Heok Boos,
iBiPo-KoCOlJll
Rooms 7-11, ¦ Vy V^Q§T* &' fA
': Bet. 1 Kearny. and \5^ *Vr^ rr^ »
ters" to "be 1 an- " " """
nounced later.