LADY CURZON'S SISTER A BRIDE
MEMBER OF TEE YAKDEUBILT FAMILY
GETS HER DECREE IN FARIS.
COURT GRANTS A DIVORCE
TO COUNTESS CZAYKOWSKY
VOI.UME XCVI— NO. 183.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.- — Andrew Carnegie has been
brought into the great Chadwick mystery in a most
sensational manner. Not only does Mrs. Ghadwick claim
to hold a note for $500,000, signed by Carnegie, but she
declares further that she is his daughter. Carnegie denies
that he ever made a note for $500,000 to the woman.
Mrs. Chadwick used this note to prove the claim that she
was his daughter, and she also utilized her" alleged rela
tionship to the ironmaster as the chief stock in her bor-
Woman's Creditors Expect
the Steel King to Settle.
EARL OF SUFFOLK IS .BEST MAN" AT VEDDIflG
OF NANCY- LEITER TO MAJOR COLIN CAMPBELL
MRS. CHADWICK SAYS
SHE IS DAUGHTER OF
ANDREW CARNEGIE
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— Reports
made to the Comptroller of Currency
showing the condition of the national
banks of Los Angeles at the close of
business November 10 give the follow
ing figures: Loans and discounts, $19,
613,334; gold coin reserve In banks, J3.
803.470; silver, fractional coin. $4,724.
685;. individual , deposits,' $24,542,621. Per
centage ' of leg* reserve * to deposits.
Condition of Los Anzeles Banks.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 29. — Tha
thirty-first annual convention of the
National "Women's Christian Temper
ance Union began here to-day in the
Baptist Temple. Five hundred dele
gates, representing every State* and
Territory in the Union, are in attend
ance at the convention. The chief
feature of to-days programme was
the annual address of Mrs. Lillian
M.-N. Stevens of Portland, Me., presi
dent of the organization-
National W. C. T. U. in Session.
Young Button, who left Colton a
year ago and set out to see the world
as a sailor, had already "roughed it"
on three. continents. In his last letter,
dated Canary Islands, October 23, he
wrote his sister, Mrs. McGill, that . he
was tired of traveling and . anxious to
get back home. He said they were
about to leave for Cuba and added sig
nificantly:
"I will be very glad, for the people
here are air Spaniards -and they don't
like the Yankees. Life Is .almost un
bearable." . '-y\
It is supposed Button and his com
panions, were . murdered -by the Span
ish islanders through ¦ hatred growing
out of the ; late . war. , They were sail
ing the American bark Ida:
The State Department .will be asked
to make a rigid investigation. On But
ton's : body.; was found the address . of
his : sweetheart, Effle Bur bank ¦ of Ana
helm, and ; to '< her came the first news
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 29.— Roswell
Button of Colton, a globe trotting lad
aged 17 years, Is reported to have been
murdered, together ' with several ship
mates, off Puerto de la Luz, Canary
Islands.
Youthful Colton Globe Trotter, It Is
Feared, 3Iet His* Death Off
Canary Islands.
TANKEE LAD IS SUPPOSED
TO BE VICTIM OF SPANIARDS
PARIS, Nov. 29. — Speaker Joseph
G. Cannon of the United States House
of Representatives was among those
recently decorated by France. The
rank conferred upon him, it was stat
ed, was chevalier of the Legion of
Honor. .but it is understood that his
office precludes the acceptance of tha
title.
His Office, However, Will Not Permit
of the Acceptance off the
Honor.
FRENCH DECORATION
FOR SPEAKER CANNON"
"There is no doubt that the use of
these drugs has cost many lives," said
Inspector Campbell of Postal Inspector
Stuart's office. "The fraud extends
throughout the country."
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— The war of tha
Government on ''fake" medicines broke
out in Chicago to-day. Acting on evi
dence gathered by the authorities in
Washington and in other larger cities.
Federal detectives, assisted by the Chi
cago police, to-day made raids on
places "where bogus drugs are said to
be made, confiscated four patrol wagon
loads of "medicine," and arrested five
persons for misusing the. malls. This
was the result of the Government's at
tack, which is said to be national in
scope, and likely to result In scores of
arrests in different cities.
The evidence upon which the arrests
of to-day were made was based upon
a chemical analysis made by Dr. Virgil
Coblentz, professor at Columbia Uni
versity, at the request of . Government
authorities. He found that '-triethy
late," sold to druggists as a substitute
for "trional." a sleep-producing medi
cine acted as an irritant instead of
healing. This "doctored" drug was
being disposed of at 2 cents an ounce,
while the genuine article sold for Jl 50
an ounce. /.
An analysis of aristol, sold as a sub
stitute for iodoform, proved that It con
tained 75 per cent of fuller's earth, col
ored with iron- rust.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— The mar
riage of Miss Ncncy Carver Lelter to
Major Colin Powya Campbell took place
at the Leiter residence, on Dupont cor
cle, at noon to-day. It was a quiet af
fair, In contrast to the brilliant wed
ding of the elder daugher of Mr.
and Mrs. Leiter to Lord Curzon nine
years ago. Only the family of the bride
was present at the ceremony to-day.
The announcement of the date of tha
wedding was not made until this morn
ing, though Major Campbell procured a
marriage license yesterday soon after
his arrival in "Washington.
¦ The Earl of Suffolk was best man and
Miss Daisy Leiter the only bridesmaid.
The bridal gown was nearly all of
lace, exquisitely fine point, draped over
satin. It followed modish lines in de
sign and the bride's well-known prefer
ence for a collarless bodice. The en
veloping veil of tulle added a most be
coming touch, and the flowers carried
were a beautiful adaptation of the
English shower bouquet— a great cluster
of lilies of the valley and white orchids
and white gauze ribbon loops, each fin
ished with a spray of lilies.
The Rev. Roland Cotton Smith, rector
of • St. John's Church, performed tha
marriage ceremony. Late this after
noon Major and Mrs. Campbell started
for a quiet honeymoon. In a short time
the' couple will return. to England and
from* there go - to India, where Major
Campbell's regiment, the Central India
Cavalry, will give a rousing welcome to
his bride. ," - IMHRBBI
Government Causes
Many Arrests in
. Chicago.
CHICAGO BELL.B WHO IS NOW
THE WIFE OP AN OFFICER IN
THB BRITISH ARMY.
BEGINS WAR
UPON FAKE
MEDICINES
Philadelphia Brokers Assign. ¦
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 29.— J. B.
Fleshman & Co., brokers, made an as
signment to-day. The rise" in the
price of stocks is riven as the reason
for the failure. No statement of as
sets and liabilities has been made.
SAN JOSE, "Nov. 29.— -Tan Poy/; a
Chinese; .vegetable ; peddler,' - was
knocked -unconscious last 'night by
three < men I and placed on » the' s railroad
track : near "Chinatown.;, He was" dis
covered'Just before a* train came along
and^waa ¦< rescued. \ The \ men^have ¦< not
been ¦' apprehended. ' .
Timely Arrival ¦ of. Pedestrians Saves
• Unconscious * Celestial From a' *~
• Horrible Death. ''
CHINESE PEDDLER BEATEX .
AND PLACED ON TRACK
MME. : CALVE •: STRICKEN
WITH APPENDICITIS
Has i Sudden Attack in ; Vienna and
Doctors Fear .'an Oneration Will ;
, Be " Necessary.
VIENNA, Nov. ; 2 9. —Madame Calve,
who has : beeiv making an- extended
"tour V of .! Europe,'; disappointed V a ; fash
ionable audience'; here /to-night. ; It
was : announced j that 'ahe was taken 'ill
and t the . doctors : have : diagnosed her
ailment ¦ as . appendlcltis.7'- It. is^ feared
an i operation vwill* be 'necessary.
EDXA WALLACE HOPPER'S
SUIT UP OX APPEAL
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Nov. 29.
Thomas Clark, alias "Red" Austin,
formerly Patrick Davis of Cincinnati,
held here for swindling a farmer out
of $5000. but whose friends got the
farmer out of the way, is through
powerful Chicago influence seeking to
secure the $10,000 ball required.
Prosecutor Clarke says the Clark
gang had elxty victims, mostly farm
'ers, in fifteen different States, who
contributed $255,000. ¦ •
Chanred With Fleecing Farmers Out
of Over a Quarter of a
Million Dollars.
GANG HAS VICTIMS
IX FIFTEEN STATES
ASHLAND, Ky., Nov. 29. — The
murder^ of a whole family by "the
drunken'' husband and father- is re
ported from ; near Shelby, Pike Coun
ty, Ky: Enrich. Sloan; a farmer, went
homeifrom Shelby in a drunken con
ditlon'and shot and killed his wife and
four small children and then shot
himself dead. ,
Kentucky Man Shoots His .Wife and
Four Children and Then -t'
Himself. I
DRUNKEN FARMER AVIBES
OUT , HIS ENTIRE FAMILY
PARIS, Nov. 29.— There was a vio
lent student demonstration to-day in
connection with the alleged insults' to
the; memory of Joan of Arc made re
cently at the Lycee Condorcet by a
professor, of .history. A crowd of 300
students . made bonfires of ; copies of
Socialist -newspapers, engaged in a
demonstration before the Louvre ami
charged : a detachment of police.- A
lively scuffle followed, during which
a 'dozen' arrests, (including- that of a
girl student and the son of a former
prefect of -police, were made. %
sider an Insult to Her
Memory.
Great Riot Follows What .They Con-
FRENCH STUDENTS DEPEND
NA3IE OF JOAN OF ARC
NEW YORK, Nov. 29. —^Lolita'Ar^
mour, the ; little Chicago heiress, who
was treated by Dr. Lorenz for con
genital dislocation of. the hip during
his visit to this country, returned to
day from Europe, where she was for a
time again under the care of .the
famous specialist. She comes back al
most entirely cured; her limp being
scarcely perceptible.
Walks With Scarcely Perceptible Limp
After Final Theatment byf o
. Dr. Lorenz.
PORTLAND, Nov. 29. — By detail
after detail the Government during to
day's session of the land fraud trial
established the circumstances of the
alleged conspiracy. Point after point
was adduced to show the relations be
tween Puter and Mrs. Watson. This
came out in the testimony of Wells A.
Bell, United States Commissioner of
Prineville, who saw Mrs. Watson sign
the name of William J. Porter in the
presence of S. A. D. Puter, and the
testimony of W. A. Richards, Commis
sioner of the General Land Office, who
arrived from Washington,- D. C., last
nighL Richards said he saw them to
gether, with United States Senator
Mitchell, in Washington on the occa
sion of »an alleged call to see about
expediting the consideration of the al
leged fraudulent claims and rushing
the patents thereto.
Important Witnesses for the Govern
ment Gi ve . Damaging Evidence
Against the Defendants.
MANY POINTS ARE SCORED
v,;- ' EC LAND FRAUD CASES
LOLTTA ARMOUR CURED »
OF HIP DISLOCATION
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 29. — While
going home last evening at 6:30
o'clock. Miss Anna Gavin was choked
In a most brutal fashion and robbed
of the contents of her purse In front
of the First Evangelical Church, near
her home on East Seventh street- To
night the young woman's brother no
tified the. police of the disappearance
of their brother, William Gavin. The
description of the missing brother
and the brutal assailant are so similar
that after Gavin had finished his tale
Captain Moore immediately inquired
•whether William had not taken his
sister's money. The reply was a halt
ing "No."
A peculiar thing about the robbery
that attracted the attention of the de
tectives was that the brutal robber re
turned the puree of his victim after
removing the contents and she found
it empty after regaining consciousness.
So convinced are the police of the
guilt of William Gavin that when he
is found he will be arrested on charge
of assault on and robbery of his sister.
Startling Developments Follow the
Brutal Beating and Robbery of
Portland Woman.
FOOTPAD IS BELIEVED
TO BE BROTHER OF VICTIM
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Nov. 29. —
An example of the grit of the game
cock has been reported by Frank E.
Carroll, a farmer and bird fancier,
who lives between this city and Long
port. About three weeks ago he re
ceived a fine gray gamecock from
Sacramento, Cal. Early this morning
Carroll was awakened by yie loud
cackling of every fowl he owned. : He
hurried to the barnyard. * There lay
a large fox, dead, while the game
cock was vainly trying to free his
spurs from the head of the fox.
Carroll found *that one of the bird's
spurs had penetrated the right eye of
the fox and entered the brain. The
thin wires in front of the coop where
the bird was kept were torn apart,
showing that the fox had endeavored
to make a meal of the gamecock,
which escaped and, flying at the fox,
managed to sink a spur Into its eye.
Sacramento Bird Resents Attempt by
an Eastern Reynard to Dino
CINCINNATI, Nov. 29. — Coroner
Weaver to-day rendered a verdict in
the case of C. A. Parker, vice presi
dent of the Cincinnati, Hamilton and
Dayton and Pere Marquette railroads,
who died here suddenly in his office
November 19, finding that death was
caused by suicide with prussic acid.
Parker's death at. the time was sup
posed to have been from natural
causes, no autopsy being held, and the
body -was forwarded to St. Louis for
burial. On the day of Parker's burial,
however, and almost at the hour of
his funeral. Miss Elsie Gesterling died
by her own hand in Chicago. It de
veloped that she had been his stenog
rapher in Denver and that there was
a story of improper relations between
them. The stepfather of Miss Gester
ling said after her death that he be
lieved that Parker and Miss Gester
ling had agreed to die together.
It was shown that just previous to
Parker's death he had visited Miss
Gesterling in Chicago.
of Death Pact Between Railroad
Man and Stenographer.
Coroner's Jury Finds More Evidence
CALIFORNIA GA3IECOCK
KILLS FOX IN DUEL
PARKER DIED BY OWX
HAND FOR LOVE OF GIRL
Later in the day Otto returned to the
body and tying a rope to the feet
dragged it some distance to a new hid
ing place. Two days later Willie and
Otto packed the body on a horse and
moved it four miles, depositing it where
It was found later by searching parties.
'- SUN DANCE, Wyo.. Nov. 29.— The
mystery of the disappearance of James
Gaxrett, a ranchman, on October 19 has
been cleared by the confession of Willie
Erickson, a 13-year-old boy. Erickson
confesses that on October 19, while Gar
rett was driving off a calf belonging to
the Ericksons, he was met by Otlo
Erickson, who commanded him to re
lease the calf. Garrett in reply knocked
Otto from his horse and attempted to
ehoot him with a rifle. The boy was too
Quick and shot Garrett three times.
Garrett fell from his horse, still alive,
and the Ericksons dragged him into
some bushes and there cut his throat
¦with a knife despite his appeals for
mercy.
Victim's Appeals
I for Mercy Are
Ignored. .
PARIS. Kov. 29.— The first tribunal
of the Seine decided to-day in favor of
Countess Czaykowsky, formerly - Miss
Iklith H Collins uf Wew York, and* a
great-granddaughter of Commodore
Vanderbllt, in her application for a
divorce from her husband. Count Czay
kowsky. Secretary of the Turkish Le
gation at The Hague. The decree
awards the wife the care of the chil
dren.
The Count pleaded the Turkish law
gave him control of the children above
7 years of age, but the court sustained
the Countess* plea that the Turkish
law is Inapplicable to persons resident
outside of Turkey.
GREAT GRANDDAUGHTER! OF
COMMODORE VANDERBILT, DI
VORCED IN PARIS.
TWO BOYS
CUT THROAT
OF RANCHER
"There Is not one word of truth in
these statements. As a matter of fact,
the turkey was dressed when Mr. Vose
senfit and was used. for the Thanks
giving dinner. There was a bronze
live turkey sent by Messrs. J. Bach
& Co. of Milwaukee. This turkey was
never, taken out of it^ box, but was
shipped to Oyster Bay because of its
beauty and is living peacably with the
rest of the inhabitants of the barnyard.
No such Incident as that recounted has
ever ] taken place since the President
has been in the White House and noth
ing: in the remotest degree resembling
it has ever, taken place.
"The correspondent of the Boston pa
per has " deliberately invented and the
editor has " commented upon incidents
which are not only untrue, but which
have not Jhe flimsiest foundation in
fact/This is not exceptional; it marks
the'culmlnation of a long series of sim
ilar falsehoods, usually malicious, and
always deliberate, which have appeared
in the news columns of the Boston pa
per.
"Until further notice the departments
will exclude the individuals responsi
ble, for this series of misstatements
from all facilities for information."
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 29.— The Presi
dent caused to be issued late this aft
ernoon the most remarkable, document
that ever emanated from' the White
House. It has to do with the Thanks
giving turkey sent to the White House
by Horace Vose of Rhode Island and
with charges v " of cruelty . brought
against President Roosevelt's children.
A Boston paper printed an account
of how the Roosevelt children had
chased the Vose turkey all over the
_ White . House grounds, plucking at it
until it was exhausted, while the:Presi
dent looked oh ;and; laughed. _JThe. same
paper^printed editorial comments of a
severe nature against the . President
and his children for their inhumanity.
The. President makes a long, denial
through Loeb, his private secretary,
and follows this with an order, that the
representatives of the offending paper
are to be denied all facilities for infor
mation in the various departments. The
statement follows:
"The President's , attention has Just
been called to a news item and an edi
torial which contain an absolute in
vention in the shape of an account of
the supposed maltreatment by his chil
dren of the Thanksgiving turkey which
Mr. Vose kindly sent to the White
House in accordance with his usual
custom.
''The article states -that the children
released the .turkey and chased It all
over the White House grounds, pluck
ing at it and teasing it and yelling and
laughing until the bird was well nigh
exhausted, while the President looked
on and laughed.
"The editorial contained the follow
|ing: . 'Why should the Roosevelt chil
dren be allowed to torment and fright
en an innocent -bird • • • They
should have known better than to make
a plaything of a terrified bird. The
worst of it was that the President
.watched the proceedings and laughed."
Special Dispatch to The CalL.
Sequel to Sensational Canard Reflect
ing Upon Mr. Roosevelt and
His Children.
Department Chiefs Are Or
dered to Give It No
Information.
Actress* Struggle for the Dunsmuir
. Millions Is Resumed ln*tho
i. --Vancouver Court.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 29.-— Th«
suit of Edna Wallace, Hopper came
up on appeal To-day in Vancouver.
This is the second important. move in
the battle, for the. $2,000,000 estate
left by the ' late , Alexander. Dunsmuir,
who died ;in January.'lSOO.-in -New
York. It was last June that the evi
dence, was heard in the.; longest single
case ever heard in the" courts of this
province. Justice ? Drake gave 'Judg
ment for ; the i defendant. From ¦« this
decision the plaintiff is now appealing;
CLEVELAND. Nov. 29.— At the open
ing of court to-day it was announced
that the hearing of Mrs. , Cassie Chad
wick In connection with, the suit
brought against her • by, ; Herbert B.
Newton of Brookline, Mass., ,had been
continued till .Thursday. : The hearing
was continued by consent of the attor
neys representing l/vtn. jsides.
Mrs." Chadwick was not; in. court.", She
was represented ; by Attorney. John H.
Clarke of this city. After the formali
ties in court Clarke said he had been
retained in the case only yesterday. He
declined td say whether ; or, not» he ex
pected Mrs. Chadwick to attend the
hearing next .Thursday. '. , . .
.The. report to the effect that Andrew
Carnegie's . name appears , on a'= note for
$500,000 given by Mrs. Chadwick as se
curity for a' loan from th« Citizens." Na
tional Bank of Oberlin ..was "persistently
circulated here t to-day.
*: The developments '¦ to-day indicate
that Mrs. Chadwick has for a long, time
done business with •¦many, of ; the . banks
of * Cleveland and - also "7 those : of sur-
HEARING IS CONTINUED.
"Mr. Carnegie read this report and
pronounced it absurd. Mr. Carnegie
does not know the woman at all." ,
Subsequently Ryall said the receiver
ship proceedings in the Chadwick case
in Cleveland were postponed to enable
Mrs. Chadwick to make a settlement
of Newton's claim. ¦ ;
"It was the understanding last
night," said Ryall, "that Mrs. Chad
wick would settle a' large part of-^few
ton's claim in cash and give security
for the. balance."
S Ryall did not know that Mrs. Chad
wick had secured the funds necessary.
Ryall was asked to-day if it might
be possible that ¦ the name "Andrew
Carnegie", had been forged, and re
plied:
"If that is so, less than forty-eight
hours will elapse before some one is
.under arrest."
The following statement ,was made
by Carnegie's secretary:
A meeting of Mrs. Chadwick's cred
itors was held here to-day and was
presided over by George E. Ryall, the
New York attorney for Herbert New
ton of Brookline, Mass., who is suing
Mrs. Chadwick for the recovery of
$190,800 lent her on notes. Ryall to
day issued' the following statement:
"There was a conference at my office
at which there were present Mr. New
ton, Mr. Carver of Boston, Judge John
Albaugh of Canton, of counsel for
Mrs. Chadwick, and myself. On behalf
of Mrs. Chadwick, Judge Albaugh re
quested that the receivership proceed
ings be . put off until Thursday, at
which time he will have her affairs in
some kind of shape. This was agreed
tn'and Mr. Newton and Mr. Carver
went back to boston on a. late train.
"Mr. Newton said that he had seen a
note for $500,000 which was given by
Mrs. Chadwick as collateral for a loan
from the Citizens' National Bank qX
Oberlin, O., which failed yesterday. My,
client told me that this note carried
the signature 'Andrew Carnegie.' This
will have to come out sooner or later,
so I shall tell it now."
MR. CARNEGIE'S DENIAL).
CONFERENCE OP CREDITORS.
The presence of Andrew Carnegie's
signature to the $500,000 note, it Is said,
makes Attorney Carver and Mr. New-,
ton believe that, there willbe a prompt
settlement. It Is even intimated 1 that
the settlement will be made in spite of
any liruof -that Carnegie's signature
was forged. Attorney Carver said to
night:
"In Mr. Newton's bill of complaint,
which has been filed in the suit against
Mrs. 'Chadwick, Newton alleges that
as an inducement for him to lend Mrs.
Chadwick $190,800, Mrs. ' Chadwick
showed him a note for $500,000, which
was signed by a man whom Mr. New
ton believed to be fully responsible as
one who could stand behind such a
loan as was required. I prefer not to
state what name was signed to the
note," but you can say that we do not
contradict the statement that the note
bore the signature of Andrew Carne
gie."
Carver stated in conclusion that Car
negie's repudiation of the note for
$500,000 was not at all expected.
A Boston dispatch says that the se
curities given by Mrs. Cassie Chadwick
frr $190,500. loaned to her by Newton,
are really worthless, but for reasons
which they will not discuss for publica
tion Xewton and his attorney believe
a settlement will be made before the
hearing in Cleveland next Thursday.
EXPECT CARNEGIE TO PAY.
At Oberlin, Ohio, it was learned that
Mrs. Chadwick had obtained loans
amounting to $240,000 from the Citizens'
National Bank and $102,000 from the
bank's president personally. The Car
negie note is believed to have been de
posited in this bank.
In Cleveland there was a "run" on
the Wade Park Bank, an institution
which is said to hold securities placed
by Mrs. Chadwick.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Sensational
developments in the case of Mrs. Cassie
Chadwick followed in rapid succession
to-day. George E. Ryall. local counsel
for Herbert B. Newton, who has
brought suit against Mrs. Chadwick,
said his client had told him of having
been shown a note for $500,000 by Mrs.
Chadwick. to which the name of An
drew Carnegie was signed. Carnegie
denied that he had ever seen Mis.
Chadwick or had any business dealing
with her. £h-K
..' OBERLIN, Ohio. INov.r 29.— It is stat
ed here, tp-day : on': what Is Lbelievedrto
be irellablaVauCiorityi that ¦"the" amount
Jejlt tO^MnCc:vl^Cirfrt\Mck. by the Cit r ;
lzens'lNational Bank' of, Oberlin; which'
failed yesterday, was $240,000. This is
said to be exclusive of the $102,000 lent
by President Beckwith 5 and Cashier
Spear personally to Mrs. Chadwick.
A meeting of the directors of the
failed Citizens* Bank was held to
night Director J7R. Randolph made
the startling announcement ; that the
signature on the collateral notes for
$F.00,000 and $250,000 on which Mrs.
Chadwick was loaned money was not
worth a dollar. He said he had seen
the notes and they were not signed by
Andrew Carnegie; that such a story
was ridiculous. In his opinion, Ran
dolph said, the signature did not add
a dollar to the value of the paper.
Ira Reynolds, secretary and treasurer
of the Wade -Park Banking Company,
refuses to make any statement con
cerning the notes given by Mrs. Chad
wick to his : bank as collateral and
which are also reported to bear the in
dorsement of Andrew Carnegie. There
is said to be a' possibility/ that the mo
tion for the appointment of a receiver
to take 'charge of the securities,
amounting to $5,000,000, held in trust by
Ira Reynolds for Mrs. Chadwick will
not come to an argument.. It was said
by one of the attorneys for Mrs. Chad
wick to-day that/' a continuance was
asked for In view/of the negotiations for
a settlement. There Is every evidence,
the attorneys pay, that the affair will be
adjusted and that the appointment of
a receiver will not be necessary.
"Is Mrs. Chadwick really Lydia De
vere, the ex-cqnvict?" is now the ques
tion thttt is agitating Cleveland. Cir
cumstances w>uld : indicate that Mrs.
Cassie Chadw'ck was > formerly Eliza
beth .Bigley ot vyoodstock, Ont., and
this same Elizabeth'. Bigley and a Mme.
Devere, who served a term in an Ohio
prison are bekeved- to be the same per
son. V . : -¦¦'..,
MAY EFFKCT A SETTLEMENT.
rounding towns on- a big scale. Leading
bankers have. said. that they have fre
quently loaned Mrs. Chadwick from
$25,000 to j $100,000 on- notes indorsed by
wealthy persons. .The notes, . however,
it is said,; usually ¦;: have been paid
promptly, when due. 1 v
Boston Newspaper
Incurs His Dis
pleasure.
PRESIDENT
DENOUNCES
AN EDITOR
THB THEATERS. ...
ALCAZAR— "The Christian."
CALIFORNIA — "Finnl«an*» Bait**
CENTRAL — "Tl»« Little Church Arennd
¦ the Corner." ¦
COLUMBIA— "Her Own Way."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "The Show Girt."
LYRIC HALL — "The Star of Bethle
- hem." Matinee to-day.
MAJESTIC— "In MUzoura."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matinee to-day
TIVOLI— "KInr Dodo."
'THE '"WEATHER/-,^,
*• ¦¦-'¦'
Fcrfca't xai!« »t Ewi Fmndsco for
thirty hour* tndinr midnlrM, . Novem
ber SO:
. San Frasd»co aafl rlclnlty-Uattufly
XVeflnesday, with rain; brisk ¦ to Jilrh
southeast wind*. , ** >t_
Freeno — Cloudy ¦Wednesday, probably
rain by night; freeh southte.it winds.
A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, 'WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30. 1904.
The San Francisco Call.. MUKDEN, Nov. 29.— The activity of
the. Japanese against General Rennen
kampff's front continued . on November
2% culminating before noon in oi;e of
the severest fights in recent weeks. The
Japanese retired only, about 600 yards,
but after the fight the Russians collect
ed 230 Japanese dead belonging to the
Seventh . and Ninth Reserve Brigades.
The Russians also captured a large
From the Field.
Attack' Rennenkampff and Are Driven
So the tariff question resolves itself
simply to one of whether there shall be
an extra session or whether it shall be
left to another winter. : It-Is agreed
that it cannot be taken up before the
4th of- March — there is not time enough.
The revisionists favor the extra ses
sion, of course, j and others lean to the
opinion that, if the thing is to be done
it cannot be done too" quickly. Anything
lilce radical changes are not suggested.
Those schedules which are said to. have
been made purposely high with a view
toi concessions in the event of the in
auguration of a policy of reciprocity
and- which admit of the selling cheaper
in foreign markets than at home are the
ones that will be discussed and scaled
.down if there be scaling. ¦ :
With a Republican majority of 116 in
the House, where the bill must orig
inate, certainly it can be said it would
be in the hands of its friends. "Speaker
Cannon;is a stalwart of the stand-pat- ;
ters,, and Vice President- Fairbanks.
President of the Senate, a champion • of
the tariff. So , there is nothing alarming
In the prospect, > nor would . there ; be" to
Dingley himself If he .were here. "As for
the President, he will first get the judg
ment of the leaders of -both houses;be
fore taking action,and he .has. left* the
ma'tter.out of the message, in doing all
of which he has again disappointed the
alarmists. '' V ; - 7 J-J"
The second session of the Fifty^igh;
Congress will convene -on? Monday' a..
noon.'- ; Nearly all ii the ; leaders and nib&t
of the ; members have* arrived,-, many, of
them*;weeks " ago.' The 1 Capitol ; building
presents the . aspect ", oft a. new : "pin."IThe
winter's business* is" full; of t interesting
EXTRA SESSION TALK.
cession. But this .concession, scarcely
referred to during the campaign; is
now the paramount thing. ' -
JAPANESE LEAVE : MANY DEAD.
SLAV SOCIETIES GIVE BENEFIT.
A musical and literary entertain
ment for the benefit of the Russian
Red Cross Society was given last night
at Native Sons' Hall under the
auspices of the Slav-American com
mittee, in co-operation with tjie local
Slavonic societies.
An elaborate programme of instru
mental music and Slavonic solos with
Russian songs by a special ; quartet
and addresses by local Russians of
prominence occupied, the early part of
the evening. Among the speakers
were Dr. V. G. Vecki and the Rjew P.
C. Torke. Following the programme
came dancing and refreshments.
The committee of arrangements in
charge of the affair consisted of J. E.
Kukaviza. Hon. H. S. Martin, J. Jus
tice, A. Pilcovich and Miss M. Dabo
vich. ' ; -
France Selects Admiral Fournier.
PARIS, Nov. 29. — The ..Council of
Ministers to-day designated Admiral
Fournier to sit on the Anglo-Russian
North Sea Commission.
MUKDEN, Nov. 29. — A Japanese
cavalryman who has been captured
by the Russians declares that General
Kuroki is not dead, • as has been ru
mored among the Chinese.
General Kuroki Is Alive.
MUKDEN, Nov. 29. — The ; close
proximity of the opposing lines
in places is leading to new and unex
pected developments. Recently the
Japanese have been using dogs as
scouts, sending them out of the
trenches with long cords attached.
It Is almost impossible to detect these
wary animals, which unerringly locate
the Russian position and give warn
ing of any movement against the
Japanese. Some of the Russians have
managed, however, to strew the neu
tral ground with poisoned pork, thus
thinning the ranks of the dog scout
department.
A number of rockets were recently
sent up by the Japanese, in the hope,
apparently, of drawing the Russian
lire . at night.
Japanese • Conines Unerringly Locate
: Vv the Russian Positions.
DOGS DO SCOUT DUTY.
Night sorties continue. Russian
scouts, prove very adaptable to this sort
of work, and can go all around the,
Japanese In woodcraft. On the night
of November 25 a party of Siberian
sharpshooters went out and captured
every, one of the guards . in front of a
Japanese party ' cutting firewood ¦ with
out arousing the suspicion of the main
body of Japanese that anything had.oc
curred. . ,
On the evening of November 27 a par
ty of • Russian volunteers practically
destroyed the village of Nanganza, sit
uated at the foot of the double-humped
hill opposite Poutiloff (Lone Tree) Hill.
The Japanese had been occupying a
building in this village every night and
hampering the Russian sharpshooters.
Attacking the village in the rear, the
Russian volunteers drove out the Japa
nese from the village early in the even
ing, mined the building and retired. The
Japanese subsequently reoccupied the
village, • which was then blown up by
the Russian mines, with heavy loss to
the Japanese. The Russian losses dur
ing the whole affair were three men
killed and fifteen wounded.
quantity of rifles, intrenching tools and
Red Cross stores. , . ! '•
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 29. — Ac
cording to information which has
reached the War Office here Field
Marshal Oyama's strength is much
smaller than heretofore believed, tend
ing to confirm the theory that a large
force has been withdrawn to assist in
storming. Port Arthur. This informa
tion is to the effect that not many
more than' 150,000' men are -now con
fronting General Kuropatkin, but that
the Japanese lines are well fortified; In
order to check any aggressive move
ment which Kuropatkin might under
take long enough to enable the Jap
anese to hurry up reinforcements by
rail from the peninsula. ,; The present
activity of the Japanese along the
front, these reports Indicate, is only
feigning, to convince Kuropatkin that
the offensive is imminent.
Should this important intelligence
be absolutely confirmed it is possible
that the Russian commander in chief
may himself attempt to strike a quick
blow. Kuropatkin is now supposed to
have nearly 300,000 men.
Holding In Check an Army Twice as
Large as His Own.
OYAMA OUTNU3IBERED.
have not seen any fighting, report that
heavy, small arm and machine gun fire
was almost continuous at various parts
of the line until November 27, when the
last advices from the fighting zone
reached Dalny.
"The Aims of the Citizens' • Alliance" was
the subject of a paper read by J. C. Craig,
president of the State Citizens' Alliance of
Colorado. The purpose of the Citizens' Al
liance, he .said, was not to antaconlze union
ism or to destroy the unions, but only to re
sist the unions in so far as their methods were
oppressive, unreasonable or unlawful.
If trades unionism should become dominant
In this country I have not the least doubt that
our industries would languish and our streets
would b« filled with Idle men. No other re
sults could possibly come from a system that
would base the reward of labor, not on merit,
but on the power of organization to dictate
terms; a system that would restrict output,
discourage enterprise and permit the indolent
and least efficient to set the pace for in
dustry.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29. — Members of
the Citizens' .Industrial Association,
representing all sections of the coun
try, were present when the second an
nual convention of the organization
opened here to-day. President David
II. Parry in - his annual address re
viewed the growth of the "open shop"
movement and said that within a year
1000 factories had opened their doora
to workmen withofit regard to their
membership in unions. . In some of
these factories, he said, the output
per man had been increased from 25
to 50 per cent. He continued:
CONVENTION OF EMPLOYERS.
The Japanese at Dalny believe that
the attack has become general, as men
returning from the front, while they
Another line of trenches more formid
able than those destroyed lies between
the Japanese and the forts they seek
to capture.
CHEFU, Nov. 29.— Chinese and Japa
nese advices received here to-day indi
cate that the assault on Port Arthur
which began on November 26 was still
in progress on the 27th. It is"*certain
that the fighting has been severe, but it
is not known whether the assault is
sufficiently widespread to be called gen
eral. The Chinese say that one train
of thirty cars arrived at Dalny with
wounded, but that no prisoners have
been captured.
As has frequently been indicated, the
Japanese positions are most promising
on Rihlung and Keekwan mountains,
and the attack was designed to further
increase the power of these positions. A
detachment of the Eleventh Division
began the advance, and this was fol
lowed by a bombardment and by rushes
against the trenches guarding the ap
proach to the southeastern fortified po
sitions on Keekwan Mountain. The
Japanese artillery was meanwhile
throwing all possible metal against
Rihlung and Antz mountains.
The possession of the trenches was
stubbornly contested, but after " five
hours', fighting and after having suf
fered several repulses the Japanese
drove the Russians out and destroyed
their trenches. Then, behind sandbags
which the infantry carried, the Japa
nese succeeded in intrenching them
selves. Later the Russians made a sor
tie,' which the Japanese say they re
pulsed after two hours' fighting.
PROGRESS OF ASSAUI/T.
BERLIN, Nov. 30.— A dispatch
from Tokio to the Taglische Rund
schau reports that the Japanese
storming of Port Arthur was aban
doned on November 28 because,
though large breaches had been made
in the Sungshu. Rihlung and Keek
wan forts, the Japanese were unable
to enter, on acount of the heavy flro
from the other, forts and the resist
ance of the garrisons.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 30, 3:28
a. m. — Foreign reports of the fighting
at Port Arthur are accepted here very
seriously. If the Japanese have tak
en 203-meter hill, as reported, com
manding the whole harbor, it is be
lieved that the situation is "critical.
Experts on Port Arthur topography
assert, however, that it is more .likely
that the Japanese have occunied som«
positions at the base of the hiU and
believe that, owing to the concentrat
ed fire of the governing forts, the Jap
anese will find the top of the hill* un
tenable if they arrive there.
"Desperate fighting is proceeding:
daily and the losses are admitted to
be excessive, but the Japanese insist
that Port Arthur must fall within
twenty-one days."
BELIEVE REPORTS OVERDRAWN.
Bennett Burleigh wires* the Daily
Telegraph from Chefu that in the last
assault the Japanese lost 400 men in
one hour's fighting. They claim to
have captured two more of the north
eastern forts and a third, which is
part of the west Keekwan fort. They
claim, Burleigh adds, to have effected
a lodgment at Pigeon Bay, thus turn
ing the fort on 203-meter hill, and
that they are row tunneling from the
gorge below Laoti Hill, which they
hope first to damage and then to rush.
The dispatch continues:
LONDON, Nov. 30. — According to
a Tokio dispatch to the Standard
there is an unofficial rumor that the
Japanese hauled large caliber guns to
the top of 203-meter hill, whence
their fire has a sweep of the whole
harbor. This report doubtless goes
beyond the facts, but various dis
patches indicate the progress the
Japanese are making in the reduction
of Port Arthur.
GAINS PURCHASED
, AT HEAVY COST
NOgi's Men Are Said to Have
Taken Two Northeastern
Positions and Another
on Keekwan Mountain
The prosecution rested its case this
morning after taking the testimony of
several new . witnesses and recalling
others", who were on the stand yester
day. The main trend of "their evidence
was that there was wholesale repeat
ing by Democrats in Precinct 8 of
Ward 5. . " .
A feature of the testimony to'day
was the statement of Kratke that Os
car Anderson, who served as a Repub
lican challenger, a resident of Precinct
8 of Ward 5. had come to him on elec
tion day and offered to vote his entire
family for the Democratic ticket for
the sum of $5. Previous to this Ander-*
son had denied having made any such
offer.
DENVER, Nov. 29.— The taking of
testimony was continued to-day in the
election contempt cases before the Su
preme Court. Several of the defend
ants were on the witness stand, in
cluding Frank Kratke, chief license
inspector. Both Kratke and Alder
man Michael Mahoney denied having
shown any discourtesy to the Supreme
Court watchers, thus refuting the
testimony given yesterday. They also
denied that Alfred Weimer was forced
out of the polling booth because he
asked for a second ballot upon discov
ering that the one handed him was al-,
ready marked.
Kratke. Edward O'Mailia, Charles
Kofsky and other defendants as well
as Alderman Mahoney and other wit
nesses swore that there was no re
peating as far as they knew in Precinct
8 of Ward 5. City and County Clerk
Julius Aichele testified that no such
name as Doud appeared on the regis
tcation and poll books of that precinct.
Jt was claimed by the Republicans that
Doud was a resident of the precinct
a.nd would swear, to having voted re
peatedly upon solicitation of the Dem
ocratic workers if he was grauted im
munity from arrest.
Examination of the ground this morn
ing showed • that the men who were
firing have powerful guns. . They were
stationed from one-half to three-quar
ters of a mile from the town. Almost a
bushel of empty shells of various sizes
were 'picked up in the woods. A trail
of blood was found on a rail fence, arid
this leads to the supposition that at
least one person was wounded.
Assistant Adjutant General Reece and
the Carbondale militia company arrived
at Zeiffler to-day, and General Reece
will remain several days to investigate
the situation. It is believed that more
troops will be brought.
Joseph " Leiter reached Zeigler to-day
with more miners from Chicago.
BENTON, 111., Nov. 29.— feigler was
fired upon last night from sundown to
daylight. It is estimated that no less
than 500 shots were fired at the town.
The town was completely surrounded
and the firing came from every quar
ter. Response to this fusillade was
made with four Gatling guns placed at
various Doints about the mine build-
Ings.
Secretary Morton as a recent ap
pointee of the President and one who
Much interepting speculation as to
the composition of the Cabinet after
the 4th of March, based on the assump
tion that the President intends to sur
round himself with young men and do
things unusual, had been ended by the
announcement that there will be few
changes. The retention ef every one
cave Shaw of the Treasury and Hitch
cock of the Interior has been at least
definitely indicated. Secretary Hitch
cock is in the race for the Senate seat
to be vacated by Cockrell of Missouri
No authoritative statement has been
made with regard to Secretary Shaw
although that by no means vacates
!« S !f at - Hay has been asked and sig
nified his \villingn«.-.s to remain at the
head of the State Department Sec
retary of War Taft can stay where he
is if he desires, and it is very likely he
will do so. The Chief Justiceship of
the United States Supreme Court is
known to figure in the ambitions of this
big man, but that would mean anchor-
* ge \u Se ?T eta^ y Taft is directly in line
for the Presidency in 1K6 and though
he might have- the high and perma
nent place. the Presidency in prospec
tive may cause him to retain his war
portfolio to await developments.
In the light of the returns, to recall
thut expression is to laugh. Of course
it w uld never have been uitered here,
where few, votes are to be influenced,
if it had not been deemed certain that
this big minority vote was forthcoming.
Since the election all the Washington
papers have freely attributed the ex
traordinary result to the personal qual
ity of the President, a stamp of ap
proval upon just him. And so saying
there is a general throwing away of
that anxiety that was represented in
tht v.:*h for a big minority.
But if the fear of unsafeness in the
President no longer causes alarm it
does not mean that interest in what
he t-hail do has died with it. This in
terest is enhanced by the announce
ment that he was not a candidate for
re-election, thus leaving him free the
four years to work without suspicion.
The President's obligation to McKin
ley is cancekd also with the 4th of
March. So it is expected he will in
augurate a policy bearing his individu
al Slamp an.- fcr which he desires to
bear the undivided responsibility. It
is not likely that the people will long
be left to guess what is to distinguish
it, or at least what is be its general
trer.4. The interest in the subject will
cause the forthcoming message to Con
cress to be the most widely read of all
public documents ef recent years.
CABINET SPECULATION.
After the adjournment of Congress
and as the election drew near Wash
ingrion, in common with other cities,
became /affected with the feeling that
dominated the North and West, but
did not begin to realize the avalanche
impending until the votes were count
ed, and that method which had af
fronted a few was seen, to have won
the applause ot the multitude.
So tar as it is allowable to speak it
in public the Washington mind is
fairly represented by Washington
cewBpapera. These are all with the
administration — with reservations.
One of them more than once during
the campaign, and the last time a fijw
days before the election, expressed the
opinion that while Roosevelt's election
Was to be desired, so also was a good,
big minority vote, adding that a
sweeping victory would be deplorable.
It is a fact that on the Sth of No
vember, JV03 — that is to say. a year
ago or a. littl£ more — that immense
popularity of 'the President that .has
btt-n testified to throughout all the
northern and western country had
almost no expression in the capital
city. .The administration had its
champions and spokesmen in both
houses and measures favored by it
•were generally granted grudgingly, but
for the most part Senators and Rep
resentatives, particularly benarorsi
cu.de little effort to conceal in their
Btrpet tind social talk an attitude of
irritation that closely resembled posi
tive personal dislike toward the execu
tive. Encroachment of the latter
function upon that of the legislative
Served often as text for time-consum
ing sermons in the Senate, and almost
as often on the Republican as upon
ihc Democratic side.
To be sure the cited cases had their
defenders, who explained and cited
precedents, but without'.creating mucti
impression. It was simply an expres
sion, so generally recognized, of irri
tation, senatorial dignity was con
stantly being Jarred by the president's
energetic method. This irritation was
communicated generally and there
was that feeling throughout the capi
tal such as gave the Democrats the
cui? for their campaign motto of "Safe
and sane." Perhaps the direct con
tact which Washington has with posi
tive Democratic territory, Maryland,
Virginia and the South, had some
thing to do with it also, but whatever
the explanation, it is true that here,
where the President lives, the one
sided character of the election was
<iuite as much of a surprise as it was
in New York.
HIS MAJORITY A SURPRISE.
WASHIXQTOX, Nov. 29.— It is a
rather curious circumstance that all
the apprehension- that existed in
Washington a year ago^s to what
liooseveit Mould do. witli this United
Stales^if it- was his has disappeared
eincct his recent, demonstration tbat it
is hi?. Nobody seems to have the least
alarm.
fices, it is Roosevelt's leaning toward
tariff- revision that excites real inter
est. Every politician, Member of Con
gress or prominent -man visiting the
city, err that, has visited the White
House, has run the gauntlet of the in
terviewer. There has" been "a constant
stream of these visitors of a very se
lect sort since the election— some'pf the
meat prominent of stand-patters, as
.well as. leaders of the revision idea.
Of these the revisionists have in their
enthusiasm all been ready to talk and
have therefore got much the better of
the advertising.
Governor Cummings of 'Iowa, repre
sentative of the one time, Iowa' idea
that put ex-Speaker "Henderson first
out of patience and then out of politics,
tc-ok the occasion of a visit to Wash
ington' to talk to the President on this
subject and to give revision, a, boom.
Eugene N. Foss of Massachusetts, the
special champion of reciprocity, partic
ularly with Canada, and Babcock of
Wisconsin, who makes tariff 'revision
bis specialty, have all had .an inning
at the White House and'in the 1 newspa
pers. Even Representative McCleary
of Minnesota, who believes" in revising
the tariff >up ward, has come to town
in a very tractable mood. The easy
manners of the revisionists may have
their warrant in ; the President's sym
pathy with them. -/They; know that' it
was Ins efforts that; secured -; the "plank
in the Republican platform which
promises revision, though not in a very
errphatic l way. -; They know that the
mild language of '¦ th^ plank was not
the President's,' but.thatjof ; the' stand
patters—it was in' the 'nature of a'con-
There has been a good deal said
about the intention of Moody to retire
to the private practice of law with
the 1st of January, but Moody, by the
President's wish, will prosecute for the
Government for some time at least and
probably in some very important cases.
Secretary Wynne will very likely
place to Cortelyou in the Post
office Department. As for Secretary of
Agriculture Wilson, a change in that
direction has never been thought of,
cither by Wilson or the President.
The Cabinet probabilities at this md"
ment, . therefore, are: Secretary of
State, John Hay; Secretary of the
Treasury. Paul Morton; Secretary of
War, William H. Taft; Attorney,Gen
eral W. H. Moody; Postmaster Gen
eral, G. B. Cortelyou; Secretary of the
Navy, ; Secretary of "the Inte
rior, Victor HJj Metcalf; Secretary of
Agriculture, James Wilson; Secretary
of Commerce and Labor, .
Inasmuch as the retirement of any of
the members has not been definitely
announced, it is a little early to men
tion the names of their successors. A
strong plea is, however, being made
that the South be represented in the
reorganized Cabinet. And in this con
nection a protest has been filed against
considering Missouri as of the South.
Missouri r.:ay be now charged to the
West in -a political classification.
DIPIXXMATIC CHANGES.
Missouri, it is charged, is south for
some, expedient purposes and weet for
others. Now that it has gone Repub
lican, attention is especially called t(j.
the fact that Missouri is in the West
by the geography, and that the West
is represented in the Cabinet by Mor
ton of Illinois, Taft of Ohio, Wilson of
Iowa, John Hay, who, though he now
Figns himself of the District of Colum
bia, hails originally from the Middle
West, especially Ohio, and by Metcalf
of California. Republicans of the solid
Democratic South, who labor for Re
publican principles, and with so little
hope of reward, are urging the names
of prominent Republicans in their
ranks.
The new administration is expected
to witness a number of changes in the
diplomatic and consular service, the
postal, internal revenue and customs
service. It is understood that Embas
sador Choate will voluntarily retire
from the court of St. James and return
to the United States, and that Embas-
F.ador Porter at Paris will do the same.
Minister Conger will doubtless be suc
ceeded by W. W. Rockhill, chief of the
Bureau of American Republics. Suc
cessors are likely to be named to Pow
ell Clayton, Embassador to Mexico,
and Meyer at Rome, and changes are
intimated as likely at Tokio, Berlin.
St. Petersburg and Vienna, as well as
other important points in Europe and
South America.
The recent report of Third Assistant
Secretary of State Peirce, who went
abroad for the special purpose of look
ing into the consular service and de
termining the truth of some ugly things
said about it, would indicate some very
sweeping changes to be made.
FIGHT FOR REVISION.
But turning from the question of of-
business career, accepted with the un
derstanding, that the 4th of March was
the limit. With no experience what
ever in politics or governmental af
fairs, he has developed a taste for both
through his admiration for the Presi
dent, but he Is a devotee of the strenu
ous life himself and he finds the navy
very easy. The vice presidency of the
Santa Fe has been kept open for Mor
ton with its 125,000 a year. Then there
,is the. presidency of that road offering
in prospective. Nevertheless, there is
excellent reason to believe that Morton
will remain in the President's official
family. ;?."•
SHAW MAY DROP OUT.
Despite the urgent petitions in his
behalf from "Western bankers and
financiers, in sDite of the heroic work
he performed during the campaign and
for which he has been thanked by the
President, in spite of the generally ac
knowledged high abilitv he has dis
played in the conduct of his respon
sible office, in spite even of a known
desire on his part to nil out four years
of service, no assurance of any slight
degree has so far been given by the
President that the resignation of Shaw,
tendered as it will be with, all the oth
ers on the 4th of March, will not be
accepted. In that case, it is intimated,
Morton will be transferred to the
Treasury. Shaw's place. Here it is
said Morton would find opportunity for
the display of special talents, evidence
of the possession of which he has giv
en in financing the Saiita Fe, a gigantic
undertaking at the time, but very suc
cessfully accomplished. Even should
this transfer be made and found to be
agreeable to Morton, it is not likely
that he will remain more than another
year.
Secretary MetcaJf, another recent ap
pointee of the President, and who gave
up the certainty of being returned to
the House, will also be asked to remain
a member of the Cabinet. Should Sec
retary Hitchcock retire, as it is likely
he will do, it is altogether likelv that
Metcalf will be transferreoUto the In
terior Department.
SOUTH WANTS A PLACE.
has "made good" will be asked to
stay through, the next administration.
Morton, called from an active brilliant
BY S. \V. WALIi.
Witnesses; State That There
Was Flagrant Repeating
on Part of the. Democrats
State Troops Commanded
hy Assistant v Adjutant
General Guard the Town
BOTH PARTIES ACCUSED
MILITIA OX THE SCENE
Fierce Fighting- at Port Ar
thur Results in Much
Progress Being Made by
the Assaulting Forces
Diplomatic and Consular Service
Changes --Tariff in . Doubt ;
—Shaw May Leave Post,
Kiflemen Pour Lead Into
Joseph Letter's Armed
Mining Camp in Illinois
Evidence Given in Denver
That Frauds Were Prac
ticed on Wholesale" Scale
JAPANESE
CLOSING ON
THE FORTS
ZEIGLER UNDER
FIRE ALL NIGHT
CROOKED WORK
AT THE POLLS
UNITED STATES SOON TO FEEL
THE ROOSEVELT POLICY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1904J
2
ADVERTISEAIEXTS.
100 Doses
For One Dollar
\ Economy in medicine must be
by two things — cot: and ef-
fect. Il cannot be measured by
"cither alone It is greatest in that'
"medicine '/rat does the most .for
?the money— <hat radically an.l 'per,
Hood's Sarsaparllla
-I: purifies and enriches the !>!uod.
cures 1 j:nnj;!cs. eczema . an! ail
rraptiont; lired. languid ... Tccluig?.
loss o! ;p«>etite and. general 'lzV'iity.
i-ood's Sarsaparilfa promises to
cure and keeos the promise.
No charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocket books, card cases, cam-
eras, wrist bags, traveling seto. trunks,
valises and dress • suit cases, or any
other fine leather goods purchased at
our store. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. - - , •
Christmas Leather Goods.
PIANOS AT
YOUR OWN TERMS
No Occasion N ovv for Music-Hungry
Homes While Pommer-Eilers Sale
Is in Progress.
"As the Removal Sale dfaws near a
close the bargains at the POMMER-
EILERS establishment grow more
tempting, and few, indeed, there are who
call at the big store and leave without
having made arrangements to secure one
of the remaining beautiful Kfmbail. or
Decker, or Hazelton or one of..,trjicty
other fine makes of pianos. »
Yesterday, after supper, no less -than
seven choice, new upright pianos .were
sold, making sixteen sales for the day.
We want buyers to-day for several
slightly used pianos. Among them are
included, nearly, every, prominent Ameri-
can make — Kimballs and Steinways and
Fischer and Estey, etc.s etc. Prices about
half what you'd be expected to pay else-
where. - •
All prices are cut to the very lowest
notch, and terms of payment will be
made to suit any reasonable buyer.
If you intend to purchase a piano any
time within the next two years we as-
sure you that it will pay^you, and pay
you handsomelv, to secure one now. ¦
Remember the place — POMMER-EIL-
ERS MUSIC COMPANY. '653 Market
street, between the Examiner building
and the Palace Hotel.
CUTLERY
I -EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
OF AHflTOHY \
V Q^ 1051 MA2ZtT ET. lit ft »«?¦>, S.r.Cal. A
\ .y> ' The Largest Anatomical Mmenai in the \
U —iJPlij* V of ' d - WwJucnm ar ut uuiiiitd A
L 4535*1 di*e«e p«»(ll»rlrcar*dtiy the oldest T
O #13 PI I Speci«li« «n the Cout Eft. 36 yearj. Q
$ flT0H DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ if^SwSp CoiMnltatton free tnd itrietlr priTate. \
0 i ffwSLO TreltInei " per5OB»I!]r or br letter. A 4
T fl JT Tn ¦ f»*Mw* CW« hi arery c»ie undertahin. T
A F / \l3l Wrltefar Poek.S>BH.OMOrsiV«r A
V » f 111 B4nnU«E. MAILED FJCKS. (AT
X ii fl "'"•We t*« k ' or ¦"»> V \
V Hit. JOBDAS * CO.. 1051 Market Kt..S. F. V
C-<^-^y^>^^V^>^^ C^ <sVO
ASway* Remember the /i^me
fl axative Qxnnine
CcrMaCoMiaOzteDay, Cr^ln 2 Days
*8 PTLjfr onewy
€>> Sf?J&r9*f\a* bofc 33c
OCEAX TRAVEIi. j
jgl£ Xj&v. Steamers lesvYe Broadwmy
/^Vy-S-StAoV wharves . (piers 9 and 11).
A«r >[\j\ -, San Francisco:
/ayVgp"*4& \*\ for Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
II \SS|Va I 1 J uneau . Treadwells. Haines.
1 I \ VttW^\ f I Skagway " etc. Alaska— 11
\J\ \\ VSl ¦• m '' • iJor - 26. Dec. 1.
VAS^ Change . to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
- For -Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend.T Seattle. "^Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes, South BeUiogham. Bellinghain 11
a. m., Nov. 29,. Dec. 9. .Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G 2i'
Ry.; at 8eattle or Tacoma to y. P^ By.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 24. 30. Dec. ft Corona/ 1:30 p. m.. :
Nov. 27 D«c. 3. - ' ¦» .. r,i 1 i
For Los Angeles (vt* Port los Angeles And
Redondo). - San Diego and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. rn
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartord (3an
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Nov.- 23. Dec. 1
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. 27. Dec. 3
For En/enada. Magdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. MazaUan. AHata. La Pai Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Ilex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates
TIOKST OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace HoteD.10 Market st.,'and Broad-
way wharves. Freitrht Office 10 Market st.
,« C -« D^ DUNAI ™. O««*' Passenger Agent,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. '20 Sutter st will
caH for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
Oceanlc$;S.co.»p°:s!
OIRSCI UM To TAHITI
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney .Thursday, D«c 1. 2 d m
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.10 11 i_m*
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Dec. 31.' 11 a-ra.
J.D.SPBICKELS& BROS. Ca, A£tS.,TICiet 021C3613 Iir-
tet. Freight Qfflcs 327 Market st, Ptsr 7, mils ;r.
COaTPASNIS 0X5EBALS TBAKBATLAffriQIJ).
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ».^ w
Sailing every Thursday instead of -«*fcSl
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier •3MBBS'
s 42, North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec*
ond class to Havre, $45 tod upward. GEN-
ERAL. AGENCT FOR .UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZ1 &.CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery Ttvenue. San Francisco.
Tickets »old by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For V. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo. .
Strs. General Frlsble, Montlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., tt p.m., 8:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30 p.m. 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leave Vailejo, 7
a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m. Sun.
days 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission St.: phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS.
RAIIAVAY TRAVEIi.
.: . V -^ ' - ¦
|CHICAGO T |N>3 DAYS!
JlEAVES OAlUrr- ATS3OA.M.H
SfB with QiNEwsANOot_eEPEwsH|
Other Banta Fe Trains »*
B-3Oa' m 'l For Stockton. Fresno. Bakcrafleld.
S:0O p! m!j : Merced, Hanford and Vtsaila. .
4:C0 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
- and Chicaco.
Ticket Offices— «41 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal. ; • also 27 ¦ South 1st. San Joae.
¦ To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
lvTTTT VATTFY
I' | | l.rfcr ™ fTlrl_s-lsT A f
r.i«a»i a \wa m. a e&ai C AZAlJfcKU, tic*
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7:0B.
7« 8:25, 0:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. 3:13
\lttl 5:50.. 6:30. 7:15. 9:00 and 11:35
"' Arrive at San Francisco, dally, 'at tC:4o.'
7:35 S:15. 8:50- d:35. 10:5O am :• 1:30. 2:55.
4:25' 5:05. 5:42, 6:2V «:57. 7:40 aad U:ia
except Srunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at < :45 a. nu: also Sat-
urdays at 3:13 P. m.. and dally except Satur- ,
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. . i
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 P. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
- "o':15 p. m., daily, except Saturday and San-
day," for Tomalee. etc.? . ,
. TICKET. OFFICE— 650 Market »t. v .
FERRY- Union Depot, foot of Market sl
RAILWAY TRAVEIi. \
/^3^(<TT7>j^\ (o arrive fit :
ffpfllwz! 8AN FRANCI3CO.
V«a~I==5/(// **<>¦ octobm •;» M04.
V^"^ (Toot of Market Street >
l "" - MAIN LINE. -ak»iy»'
7.00a Vacavllle. Winter*, iiumiey.. 7 SOP
7.CIU BenlrU, KIm:raa:nl Sacramento.. 7.20s»
7.30a Tallejo. X.ipa, CalUf-o^a. Saita
Kosa. Martinez. Baa liaraoa S.20»
1 30a Nile*, Tracy. LatHrop, S:oct:on.... 7 20*
8 00A Sbaata Expreis— (Via Davis).
William*. Willow*. tPrato. Kad
Blaff. Portland. Tacoma. Seattl« 7.5O
8 00a DarU, Woodland, Knictu* Laa&ag.
MarytTllle. OroTlUe _. 7-50*
8-30* Martlnex. Antloch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton. Jf9T?mao. Lo» Biaot, .VI;
Meadota. Armoaa, Hanfurd.
Yltalla. rorterrllle 4.20»
8 30> Port Cottn. Modetto. Merced,
Fretno. Ootbcn .1 unction. Hin-
ford, Vltalia. r.altertfleld 4.50»
' 8 30* Mien. San Jom. Lirennnre, Stock'
ton. (t Mil too >. lor.f. Sacrftmentot,
. Marytrlili?. Cnico. Kcd Blatt 4.20*
8*30a Oafcdde. Chmeoe, Jamestown. So-
nora. Toolumnt and An^eit Tin
9 00a A tlantlc Kxpret^-Ojtden *nd East. 52Uf»
930a Richmond, Martinez and Way
8tatloM 8-50»
1000A The O»erland Llmltsd — "(fden.
Omaba. Chicago, Denver. K*ns*§
Cliy. St. Louis ~ «5 22!
10.00a Vallejo..... 12^8t»
10.00a horn An^elea Passenger — Port
*•:* ~ Costa. Martlnci, ByTon, Tracy,
Lathrop. S took ton. Merced.
Kajmond. Fresno. Goshen Juao
tlon, Uanford, Lemoore, VUalia.
BakertOeld, Lot Anirele» ....... (-TOP
12.00m Hayward, Nllet and Way Stationt. ?.20p
ti-OOP Sacramento Rtrer Steamers Ml.OO*
SMP Benleia, Wlatera. Saeratnenta
Woodland. Knlgnta landing.
. MarytTllle. OroTllle and way
stations 1O .§?.*
S.30P Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations.. 7.50*
3 30p Pbrt Costa, JUrtlnex, Byron.Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced. Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Porn Cott» 12-20*
4.00PMartlnei.SanRamcn.ValleJo,Nap«- ¦
CalNtoga. StBtt Rosa ... ..*¦£>*
4-OOp Xllea. Tracy. Stockton jg-Zp*
4.30P Hayward. Xilea, Irrtaffton. Saa) t8.S0A
Jose. LITermora I t\ 1.50a
6«0pThe Owl L!mUe4— Newman, Loa
Banos. Mendota, Fresno, Tuiar«,
Bakenfleld. Lot Angeles. ...... 8-50*
tS 30p Hayward, Kllet and San Jose ..--. 7.20*
S.OOp Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jot* «V5(U
800p Eastern Express— Omsba. Cnlcajro, ;
Dtnver. Kansas City. 8c. Louia, .
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento. .
Colfax. Reno. Sparks. Mantel^* >
... Oeden — "2-50»
i.OOp Vallelo. dally, except Sunday... . I 7 Ba —
7 OOP Vallejo, Sunday only I
700P Ulchinond, San Pablo, Port Coats,
Martlnex and Way 8Utlons 11.20*
7-OQp Keao Passenger— Port Costa, Be-
nlcla. Sulsun. Elmlra. Dlxon,
Darts. Sacramentn. Sparks. Tono-
pan, Keeier aad Way Station*... 7-80*
8 06p Oregon 4k California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarytTllle. Reddtne,
Portland. Puget Sound and Katt. 8.50a
8.10P Bayward, Nlles and3an Jote (Sun-
day only) II.SO4
COAST LINE (.larrow «m S «).
(iToot of MarHet Street.)
8.16A Newark. Centerrlile, San Joss,
Felton. Bonlder Creek. Santa
Crux aad W*jr Stations 5 55*>
t2-1B»» Newark, CentenrlUr, San Joss,
New Almaden. Los Gstoi. Felton.
Bonlder Creek, Banta Crux and
Principal Way Stations tlO-SSJA
4.16P Newark. Saa Jose, Los Gatos...]
«9 30? Banters' Train (Saturday saly)—
Ssn Jore and Way Stations t7-25»
COAST LINE <Broa,J Ua»«e).
Or" (Third and fownaend Streets.)
*8-10a San Joteand Way Stations. 8-30P
7-OOA San Jose and Way Stations 6.40*
8. 00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
8.00a The Coaster— San - Jose, Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita. San Lois Oblspo,
Gaadalupe, Gaviota, Santa Bar-
bara. 8an Buenaventura. Mon-
talTo, Oxnard, B n r b a n k, Los
Angeiea 10.30*
800a Gl!roy. Holllster. Castrorllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove. Surf. Lom-
poo .: '.7. 10.30P
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos.WatsonTille,
¦ Capltola, Santa Cruz, Paclfle
Grove, Salinas. San Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10*
10.30a Eaa Jose and Way Stations 120p
11 30a San Jose and Way Statloas 7.30P
2l5pSan Jose and Way Stations 8.33*
S.OOp Del Monte Express— Santa Clara. '
San Joae. WatsonTllIe, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove 12-15p
tSOOp Los Gatos. Wrizht, Bonlder Creek.
¦ * •¦ - Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara aad
- • *N»rnrwOang»..... t104S*
8-30P Valencia St^ South San Francisco,
' :" Bnrjtnframe, San Joso, Gllroy.
Holllster. Tres Plno» 10.43a
• 430p8an Jose aad Way Statloas 18.00*'
tS-OOP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos,
and prtactpal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) rn CO*
|5 30p 6an Jose and Principal Way Statton* 13.40*
6 46p SaDset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose,Gllroy,Salinas,Paso Kobles,
Ban Lais Oblspo, 8onu Barbara,
Los Angeles, Perning. Kl P«so.
Bt.Louls.N~ew Orleans, NewYork 9.10a
6.45p Pajaro, WatsonTllIe, Capttola,
banta Cruz. CastTOTlUe, Del
Monte. Paclfle Grore 10.30*
16-ISp SaaMateo,Beresford,Belinunt,Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto ,.... t8.4S*
6 30p Sun Jose and Way Stations. 6.38a
8-QOp P«lo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
11 .3Qp South Ssa Francisco. MllDrae. Bar-
ilngsme. San Moteo. Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka>
<: ! Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t3 4Sp
«11I0p May Held. Mountain View, Sunny
Tale, Lawrence. Baata Clara aad
flan Jose *9.48»
A for Mornlag. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday ezeepted, 1 8 n ad ay only.
*> « fiatorday only. * Monday only.
{&toDs at all stations on Sanda^i. \ - -
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tib or on Ferry, Toot of Mvkat Street.
SAN -FRANCISCO TO SAXT BATAM.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:0O. ll:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trla
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:80 and 11:30 p. ra.
8UNDAY&-*8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:0O. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAS BATAEIi TO 8AZT TBAZTCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. U:l»
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40. 3:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:06 and 8:33 p. Bs.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, WO, 11:13 a. m.; l:40L 3:40.
4:05. 8:05. 8:25 p. m.
• Leave I la Effect J Arrrr*
Ban Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. | Saa Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I W««k
Days, {day. 1 tlon. | flaym. f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a »:10a| 8:40a
9:30 a Xx&acia. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:05 p 8:20 9
B:10p 5:00 p 7:33 p|
7-30 a 9:10 al 9:4Oa
8:00 a Novato, 10:40 a 10:20 %
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 8:06 pi 6:20 9
5:10 p 3:30 p aad T:53 p[
6:00 p Banta Rosa. ' f
l-aft a 10:40 a! 10:20 %
• 8:00 a Fnlton. T:33p«:20»
8:30 p 3:30 p I
¦Windsor,
1:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur*. 10:40al0:»a
Lytton,
3-3Op 3:80 p GeyservlHc*. T:33 p 6:20 »
Cloverdale.
7-30 a! 8-0Oa| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
SdOpj aJSOpI «°d Uklah. ( 7:33 pj 6.2O p
" i j WUlits and j 1
7:30 a) 8:00 a( Sherwood. | 7:S3 p{ 6:20 9
~7-?0al SOOal 110:10 a!10:20)a
3130 pi Iffo pi CneraerlHe. | 7:33 pj 6:20 r>
7:.T>a! ACOal Sonoma. } 9:10 al 8:40 »
5:10 pi S:00 PI Glen Ellen, t 6:03 Pi 8:20 p
TSOal 8:0O al 1X0:40 a|lO:2O a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| Seba3topoL | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Gr«ea Brae for Saa
Ousatln- at Santa • Rosa for "Whit* Sulphur
Snrlngs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
; L.,tton Springs: at Geyienrille for Ska«s
snrlngs; at Cloverdal* for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
SDrlnjrs Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport,' Bartlett
Borings and Lake County Hot Sprtnj3; „•
TViah for Vichy Sprlnrs. Saratoga Springs.
Riue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
l-ncer Lake Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's,
wtverslde. Lterly"s. BuckneU's, Sanhedrim
Heights. Hullvllle, Orr*s Hot Springs. Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkins, Mendociao City
Fort BragE. Westport and Usal: at Wllllta for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo, Laytonvllle. Cumminss.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frultland.
Dyer. GarbervUle, Camp 8, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
decttd rates. . .
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. v Pass. Agt.
MiyTamalpais Railway^
|,t j fWfl yrt pcito ' JKp! lx. 3* it fnsciact
**• V*P JandijT TuaJs^TkTSUJrr
8:35a f«J!5SBPH 1:3«>p •10:.">0.\
0:50a OiSOAlVESw^dSi-Br 3:55p 3:35r
j-'-t'Kp' Ii43fl fcSgp'- 6:33p
Saturdays 4:33r 'B' Saturdays ll:13p
'YuGrtTity far V Ml rsaslpaists Mia Tansy
; HOI! 1 650 Market ST^(N'orth Shore Railrotuft
linCS j and Sausauto Fkixy, Foot Market at.
GALLs'Sl.00 PZBYEAS.
.-^^^ . ADVEHTISEMEXTS.
•^ j£>^. . Welsh Rarebit ri
S^j^ ~~j(jyiT\ wffil Materials :— Four ¦ ounces of JnmL
?^e/^' \ cheoe, about two tablespoonfuls of SgHfyj
.ale; salt, cayenne and drv mustard, S&fiBS
r ?«j*J2"5ig-£^S<CJ_v' slice ot hot toast. gsr*"^
Lea &l Perrins*
- Sauce .
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
; Seasoning :— — ' 'First catch your rabbit. " That is done, if,' while
stirring the toothsome compound, you have added a
. teaspoohful or more of Lea OtPerrins* Sauce. It gives
the master touch which gourmets will r recognize witht-
, JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, AgenU, NEW YORK.
!¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ii iiiiiii minium— mm— a— — i¦We have v converted our picture room
into a beautiful gallery for the exhibi r
tion and sale of moderate* priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels. etchlngs*and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially
invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street.' ••¦-•' - •• - -• ; .
A .New Art; Gallery.
| San Francisco and Xnpa Railway
Comes to Terms With' Owners
of Land. ' •
J NAPA, Nov. 29.— The case of the
San Francisco and Napa Railway
Company vs. Thomas B. Coghill and
Charles D. Allen, trustees of the Cog-
I hill estate, a suit to condemn a right
of way over the defendant's land, was
settled here to-day. The case was
t'-ied before Judge Gesford in the Su
perior Court, the plaintiffs suing for
a strip of land over which the railway
rfow under construction would pass.
The compromise gives the defend
ants $2750 for the strip of ! land In
(•question and the plaintiff agrees to
j erect ' suitable fences and cattle
| guards.
DISASTER OVERTAKES SHIP
AXD PASSENGERS LEAVE HER
SEATTLE, Nov. 29.— The steamship
Jefferson, en route from Skagway to
Seattle, broke one of the blades of the
propeller day before yesterday in Gra
ham \ Reach and has gone to anchor.
Tugs, v will be dispatched to tow the
disabled": ship to port. The vessel's
passengers arrived to-day on the
steamship City of Seattle. While. in
the' north the ' Seattle was on the rocks
In, Lynn canal.
Voyage of the Steamship Jefferson to
Seattle . Delayed by Broken
.. Propeller.
Few Bidders for State Park.
_SACRAMENTO. Nov. 29.—Commis
sioner W. W." Bassett, appointed : by
the court to sell Agricultural Park,
the State Fair racing grounds in this
city, received but two bids for 'the
property to-day. James McGillivray
was the highest bidder, offering $ 82,
500." Clinton LI White offered 576.000.
The bids will 'have to be referred" to
the court for approval. ,
SUIT FOR RIGHT OF WAY •
ENDS IN A COMPROMISE
showed . any Indication Qf melan
cholia, and in her opinion was' in a
perfectly healthy mental condition at
all times up. to her departure on the
European trip.
The following letter, which Dr.
Selfridge received from Miss Dol
beer, was Introduced as evidence of
sanltay: „ v
Carl ten Hotel, Pall Mall, London.
My d»ar Doctor Selfridpe — Though I thanked
Lolita at the ferry for the lovely flowers you
sent with jour Rood wishes on my departure.
I h«v« Intended .writing: you before this and
thank you myself for your kindness, but some
how on th» steamer I could not write, so hop«
you will accept these late but sincere thanks.
We have only been here two days, so as yet
have nut se*n much of London. Have met
several friends from home, so do not feel at
all strange here. London la a terribly busy
place; we hardly reallie what a small place
we are out on the coast until we arrive here.
Tb* shows are sdendld and there ' are plenty
to go find see. Yesterday I met Grace Eileston
while shopping. She was looking very pretty;
Inquired I about you | all at home. She is not
playing here; she-is with Mrs. La Moyne. I
expect to see her, again in a few. days. .'
I also met some friends ¦'- of yours on the
steamer, a. Mr. and Mrs. Gaston. I believe
you had .' the . pleasure of cutting up their son
In some. way. "They also wished to be remem
bered to you.
Have seen nothing as yet of "Fritzi." . .
'•'• With best wishes ilwsys to Lolita and your
self. BERTHA M. DOLBEER.
May 13. -1904.
The witness almost .collapsed be
cause of ; the oppressive, air . ¦ in the
courtroom, and adjournment was
taken till : this morning, i
Caught With Stolen Goods.
SALINAS, , Nov. 29. — On the night
of November 17. the store of P. John
son Jr.* here was robbed. " Last night
news was received from San Jose of
the arrest there of two boys named
Arthur. O'Neill ajid James Burke, in
whose possession was found many of
the articles .stolen from Johnson's
store. "
Captain Punished for Xegle*.
SEATTLE. Nov. 29.— The United
States customs authorities to-day fjned
tho Lake Washington ferry-boat King
County $300. It was found that the
officers of the vessel had permitted
the life-saving equipment to get In a
deplorable condition. The license of
Captain Sanderson has been suspended
for six months by the marine in
spectors. •
Barth Is Accused of Sandbagging nnd
Robbing: >. Resident of Plncer
County.
REDDING, Nov. 29. — D. V. Barth,
the Chico young man who has been
posing as the man who prevented the
wrecking of the Oregon Express near
Koswlck a few nights ago and who
since he ' related his sensational j story
of : the attempted hold-up has been
held here by -the authorities pending
an investigation. Is wanted in Placer
County, for robbery.. Advices received
here 1 to-day charge Barth with sand
bagging a man in Placer. He has been
identified by a resident of Keswick.
HERO OF OREGON EXPRESS
EPISODE MAY BE A THUG
Duke, the Tobacco Man, Weds.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— A dispatch
from Camden, N. J., reports the" mar
riage there to-day of James Buchanan
Duke, president of the American To
bacco Company, and Mrs. L.' N. Mc-
Credy of this city. Tl :•,-;
Ex-Convict Arrested In San FtJ" ci9cc
to Fncc Charces of Robbery * ncl
Bursrlary.
SALINAS, Nov. 29. — W. c°Peland,
who was arrested in San f rancls co
last Sunday, was brought ti?f e thla
morning by Sheriff Nesbitt. Tp e P rls "
oner, who is a desperate ex-5 onvIct «
is wanted on charges of burgla 17 " an . d
robbery, he having last Wedrl53ay.
with a companion named Bryan now
In jail here, entered the Jaunesa
, house on the McGowan ranch near
I Pajaro and robbed it. The pai> also
held up several Japanese on the road
and took from them clothes, noney
and jewelry.
Bryant was arrested in Pajaro Ha
was wearing a suit stolen fxon the
Japanese, which he said Copland
gave him.
Aeronaut Says the California Arrow
Is Great Advertisement for the
Golden State.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 29. — Captain
T. C. Baldwin.- the airship inventor.
Is at Chutes Park with the famous
airship, the successful flights of which
at the St. Louis World's Fair brought
honor and renown to the clever aero
naut. By January 1 Captain Baldwin
expects to have nig airship in a better
condition' than ever before and will
give public exhibitions here.
"We made a great hit at St. Louis
with the California Arrow," said Cap
tain Baldwin. "I think the machine
did as much as anything else to ad
vertise California."
Captain . Baldwin feels assured that
if he had the capital he .could con
struct a dirigible baloon that would
meet all commercial requirements.
Sx\LIXAS JAIL HOLDS m£ S
WASTED FOR BOLD \ CRIME
BALDWIX TALKS ABOUT
FLIGHTS OF HIS AIRSHIP
the witness that Miss Dolbeer's mental
condition then was sound. "She was
perfectly rational," asserted Miss Dean.
JUDGE CURBS SPIRIT.
The cross-examination of Redick Mc-
Kee Duperu was finished shortly after
the trial began In the morning. By
•nay of caution Judge Coffey gave coun
sel and witness to understand that they
must curb any disposition to quarrel.
Duperu said that Miss Warren, the
chief beneficiary, undoubtedly "was first
in the affection of Miss Dolbeer, and
Mrs. Douglas Sloane Watson second.
Frederick A. Jennings told of his ne
gotiations with Miss Dolbeer shortly
before -she departed for Europe for
painting and repairing her house. She
was intelligent and rational in all deal-
Ings, said the witness.
The day Bertha Dolbeer made her
will. April 23, 1904, she called at the
parlors of Mrs. Hermina Baer and or
dered a gown. Mrs. Baer ahd her hus
band, Joseph Baer, testified yestyday
that the testatrix acted intelligently
and sanely and that there was abso
lutely nothing different from the usual
In her manner.
It transpired that in fitting for the
new gown the model Miss Dolbeer had
used the year before . could be used
again. This is regarded as an Im
portant point, because It contradicts
contestant's contention that she had
become thinner because of melancholia.
Mrs. Lolita Selfridge, wife of Dr. Sel
fridge, knew Bertha Dolbeer Intimately
the past five years, she testified. A
short time before Miss Dolbeer left for
Europe the witness talked with her of
her trip and of. the plans to remodel
her house at 2112 Pacific avenue. Among
other things Miss Dolbeer said that
when she returned from - abroad she
would have the hallway reconstructed
and would buy a team and- carriage.
"I am very fond of pictures, .and I
suggested that she should have more of
them on her walls," continued Mrs.
Selfridge. "I told her she ought to buy
some paintings while in Europe, and
ought to purchase some of the local
artists* work. One of the names I men
tioned was Keith's, and she said she
had an old one of his paintings that her
father purchased twenty years ago. I
laughed at this appreciation of Keith.
"The thought struck her then that,
she would buy one of Keith's ' latest
paintings and hang it opposite the old
one to 6how what Improvement the
painter has made in twenty years. Miss
Dolbeer. said she .would do this on her
return."
URGED . "REST CURE."
The witness was. present when her
husband told Miss Dolbeer that she
ought to take a course of the "rest
cure" before starting on the trip \\ to
Europe.
"You ¦¦'¦have been, going out very
much and you will enjoy your trip the
better," was the reason Dr. : Self ridge
urged.' He added:" "The , rest cure .is
what I prescribe for -my wife when
she becomes worn out." , '.-,-_ . . .-,:
The witness was also i at' the ferry
with the merry company to "bid . Miss
Dolbeer good-by when- she. started for
Europe. An enthusiastic gentleman
friend cave Miss Dolbeer an Ameri
can flag, which he insisted she should
carry- through the gate j and on .to the
boat. She protested and v there was
much laughter over the Incident ,
Mrs. Selfridge . said ¦ the ' testatrix
found much enjoyment > In life, , never
Miss Ethel Dean held most important
place in the trial of the Dolbeer will
contest yesterday. Not alone* was her
testimony important. The artists who
were there for the newspapers became
enthusiastic. The lawyer who cross
examines with bo much zeal was over
whelmed by the naivete and the loveli
ness. He floundered when he tried to
ply the witness with the hot fire of
questions that is calculated to bring out
flaws and weaknesses In testimony.
She escaped much of the rigor other
witnesses have been subjected to in
cross-examination.
Miss Dean was attired in one of those
natty gowns of brown that fashion dic
tates with such rare taste these days.
The plume and the hat made the sym
phony of coloring in dress complete.
The pretty young society girl was a
rery important witness for the pro
ponents of the will, inasmuch as she
visited and conversed •with Miss Dol
beer la New York a few days before
the testatrix met her death, and she
gave the opinion that the testatrix was
at that time of perfectly sound mind.
They had long been friends, in fact, in
timate friends. Miss Dean was In New
Tork last summer, and when Miss Dol
beer returned from Paris called on her
at the Waldorf-Astoria four days be
fore the fatal fall from the window.
The testatrix was Indisposed from a
cold and In bed. They talked for an
tour. Miss Dolbeer being in happy
frame of mind.
Two days later Miss Dean met Miss
Dolbeer and Miss Warren shopping at
Sterns' and .accompanied them to the
Waldorf for luncheon. That day. said
the witness, the testatrix was looking
very well.
"She appeared to be thinner than
¦wh*>n I last saw her In San Francisco."
paid Miss Dean, "but otherwise she
looked in the best of health and was in
good spirit."
There was no doubt in the mind of
WELL, KNOWN MEMBERS OF THE SMART SET OX THEIR WAY TO JUDGE
COFFEY'S COURTROOM TO TESTIFY FOR THE PROPONENTS OF THE
TYILL OF THE LATE BERTHA M. DOLBEER.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29— Some time
ago, at the request of Postmaster Gen
eral Wynne, the President directed the
Attorney General to submit to him an
opinion as to the status, under the law
restricting the operation of lottery en
terprises through the mails, of guess
ins contests of various kinds. That
opinion was submitted to-day. It is of
a most sweeping character, and while
the Poltmaster General has no incli
nation to work a hardship upon any
body, he will put the Attorney Gen
eral's judgment into effect as soon as
may be practicable. The Attorney
General says the schemes are in effect
lotteries under the guise of guessing
contests. To-night he gave out the
following official statement:
For a number of years the Postofflce Depart
ment had admitted to the mails advertisements
and other matter concerning so-called "guess
ing" or "estimating" contests. The question
of whether or not these schemes are lotteries
has been several times presented to the Attor
ney General, who held that they were not lot
teries within the meaning: of the postal lottery
act.
In view of two recent cases, In which the
Supreme Court and the New York Court of
Appeals rendered opinions, the Postmaster
General felt warranted In again submitting
the question to the Attorney General. Follow
ing the opinions in these cases the Attorney
Gcnoral holds that the schemes are lotteries.
It in. therefore. Incumbent upon the Post
offloo Department to enforce the law under
which the Postmaster General Is authorized,
upon evidence satisfactory to him that any
person or company is engaged In conducting a
lottery or other scheme for the distribution
cf money on chance, to issue an order that all
mail addressed to such person or company be
returned stamped "Fraudulent.'*
As a number of legitimate enterprises have
adopted these estimating or guessing contents
as a means of advertising, and in view of the
admlxslon to the mails of matter pertaining
to these contests within the last few years,
the elimination of these schemes from the
mails cannot be made immediately absolute.
If such a scheme has ever been entered upon in
good faith the dep*ttment will rot issue an
order that will seriously injure a legitimate
business. . Bach cape will be handled separate
ly and no scheme which involves the plan rulod
apainst by tl:e Attorney General will .here
after be allowed to commence operations.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call,
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. . 29.— The pro
ducers In the Kern River oil fields yes
terday received word from the Standard
Oil Company that, the company will
buy no more "spot" oil at present, and
the office of the company in the field
has been advised to that effect.
For. some weeks past and ever since
the independent producers were assured
of effecting an organization the Stand
ard has been paying 15 cents for "spot"
oil, and many of the companies found
in this a method of disposing of their
product and securing funds for the
conduct of their business. It is argued
by many, and among them those who
are close to the agency, that the move
ment of the Standard Is directly In the
interest of the combine, in that it will
have a tendency to force those pro
ducers who have remained outside the
agency to cast their fortunes with the
independents, and so place ali the inde
pendent oil in the field in the hands of
the agency, with which, the theory Is,
the Standard expects to do business in
the future.
¦ At the office of the independents to
day no word had come from President
McQuigg, who is now In San Francisco,
relative to the latest order of the
Standard, and the officials of the com
bine are in the dark as to the meaning
of the movement. There is a general
sentiment, however, in favor of the Idea
that it is the Intention of the Standard
to assist in strengthening the organiza
tion of the agency rather than to
weaken it.
Guessing Contests Will From
the Present Be Classed
as Lottery Enterprises
Sends Word to Producers
That It Does Not Want Any
More of the "Spot" Product
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— Affidavits from
fifteen persons were read by Judge
Dunne to-day in an effort to unravel
the marital troubles of Benedetta Al
legretti, charged with having , two
wives. -The hearing ended in a refusal
by the Judse to grant Mrs. Elizabeth
Allegretti of San Francisco temporary
alimony. . . •
From the affldlvats submitted, it was
shown that. within a few doors of each
other Mrs. Elizabeth and Mrs. Rose Al
legretti lived, each believing herself the
only wife of the defendant. Allegretti's
friends swore they know he lived with
Mrs. Rose, and friends of the com
plainant declared he lived with Mrs.
Elizabeth at the same time. There
were children in both homes.
Mrs. Elizabeth met her husband in
San Francisco at the. home of her
mother on Chesley street. She tells
in an affidavit of her discovery of his
alleged faithlessness and how she be
came aware of his second family.
- "I was a girl of 16 years," says Mrs.
AllegrettJ No. 1, "when I met Benedet
ta in San Francisco. He begged me to
be his wife. I consented and he placed
a ring, upon my finger, as a pledge of
our marriage."
Mrs. Allegretti says her husband de
serted her in December, 1896, leaving
her with a small child. It took her
four years to flnd"out he had come to
Chicago and had a candy store at 108
Clark street.
To her surprise, Mrs. Allegrettl's first
letter to her recreant husband was an
swered. She declares he begged her to
come to Chicago with her little one.
Later Mrs. Allegretti says her husbanc
sent her money and she Joined him in
Chicago. They went to live at 735
Wells street. After a few months her
husband represented he was making
too little to keep her in Chicago, but
promised if she would return to San
Francisco to send her money regularly.
Allegretti denies ever having married
the complainant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TO BE DENIED
USE OF MAILS
STANDARD OIL
MAKES A MOVE
Benedetta Allegretti Had
Two Homes in Chicago
Separated by a Few Doors
SUIT REVEALS
DOUBLE LIFE
SALINAS, Nov. 29.— A plucky little
woman armed with a revolver took all
the courage out of a. big, burly tramp
bent upon robbery. here this morning.
The woman is Mrs. Ada Martin, a
widow, who with her, daughter resides
in the residence portion of the town.
The identity of the tramp is unknown,
as such was the speed he displayed in
getting out of range of the weapon held
by Mrs. Martin that the authorities
have been unable to locate him.
The encounter occurred at an early
Hour this morning-. Mrs. Martin was
awakened by the sound made by some
one trying to raise the window of the
bedroom occupied by herself and
daughter. She is a very plucky wom
an, and instead of losing her nerve and
screaming she kept, quiet -and awaited
developments. Soon she saw the head
and shoulders of the tramp at the win
dow. Then she reached for her revolver,
and as the intruder stepped into the
room she pointed the weapon at him
and was about to fire when her daugh
ter grabbed her arm and begged her
not to kill him..
The tramp heard the words. Like a
flash he turned and faced the bed. The
one look was enough. He did not like
the appearance of the big revolver held
by Mrs. Martin and made a break for
the window. His exit was made in
much quicker time than his entry, and
by the time the woman had summoned
help and told her story no trace of the
burly intruder could be found.
AUBURN, Nov. 29.— Adolph Weber
was in court to-day during the time
that his counsel were questioning the
talesmen as to their opinions on the
Weber tragedy. As Weber came down
stairs he met Lincoln Merrow in the
Sheriff's office. Merrow was the school
mate of the accused youth who stayed
with him the night of the murder at
the home of Adrian - Wills. At that
time Merrow knew nothing of any
murder having been committed, believ
ing that- the Weber family was simply
burned to death. When Merrow and
Weber shook hands to-day Weber
asked Merrow: "What do the people
think about this, anyhow?"
"The sentiment seems to be all one
way," replied Merrow. ''
"What is your opinion?" said Weber.
"Well, I'll tell you," answered Mer
row,. "It looks pretty dark for you. I
would give a good deal to see you
proven innocent, but if you are guilty
I want to see you punished."
While passing from the Sheriff's of
fice into the Jail Weber noticed the
headline in a San Francisco paper:
"Banker Lubeck claims the money."
"He does, does he," he remarked
sotto voce," we'll see."
Following is the personnel of the
new grand jury selected to-day: Rob
ert Hector, foreman; J. M. Newman,
Dave Jones, T. H. McKenna, Owen
Clark, Thomas Robinson, E. E. Scott,
James Rasmussen, E. C. Fellows,
George Gunnuldson, J. P. Thornsen,
Joseph Clegg, John Henny, John Vieh
meier, E. S. Atkins. Albert Maring, W.
H. Curtis, A. H. Hubbard and H. F.
Adams.
Many persons are now coming for
ward with the information that they
suspected young Weber of the bank
robbery at the time. "If these 'know
it-all' parties had told their suspicions
to Sheriff Keena," said an officer to
day, "this awful murder would have
been prevented. They are in a meas
ure responsible for the crime."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Soecial Dispatch to The Call.
Early Morning Intruder Is
Given Scare by Female Into
Whose Boom He Climbed
Accused Youth Is tfold by
Former Chum That Pub
lic Feeling Is Against Him
MEETS A SCHOOLMATE
THIEF TAKES TO FLIGHT
SAYS MISS DOLBEER WAS SANE TWO DAYS BEFORE DEATH
Little Woman With Big Re
volver Proves Too Much for
a Hobo Bent Upon Bobbery
Adolpli Weber Is Present in
Court During* Selection of
Auburn's New Grand Jury
J\ A ISS ETHEL DEAN told the jury yesterday that she took luncheon with Bertha Dol-
I VI beer at the^ Waldorf-Astoria in New York two days before the fatality and that the
testatrix was then in happy frame of mind and perfectly rational. The beauty and' charming
manner of the witness we're disconcerting to contestant's attorney and he was much milder
with her than others in cross-examination. • r
MISS DEAN ADDS STRONG POINT
WIDOW FACES
BURLY TRAMP
HEARS TALESMEN
VOICE OPINIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. WEDNESDAY, 'NOVEMBER 30, 1904:
3
TThtLightiortheHome
8 The Camel House Light
\The burner for the Camel House Light is stamped
Camel, and all lights come with green mantles.
Let us place a Camel House Light in your living room;
you will then know what a pleasure it is to live in a room
brilliantly illuminated.
The Camel House Light has the following advantages:
It- will give more light than four ordinary burners.
.' It will not clog, up with oil-maCe gas.
It will not make explosions when you light it.
•It will give more light than ten tip burners.
It will give more light than ten electric lights.
,~ .It will brilliantly Illuminate a room twenty feet square.
One Camel Light Is all you will need In a room.
If you find a dissatisfied person using a Camel Light we
1 will give you a light free of charge.
Price of No. 1, complete, 81. 5O.
MEWDEN LIGHT CO.
1 3 7 Stockton Street -:- San Francisco
. Ffccce James 2256. /
We have the largest assortment of ffaf and electric pcrtafcle lights in the
city at medium prices and for less than they can be bon*nt for clsewnert.
Camel- man ties outlast all other makes.
A Garden of Choicest Roses FREE to /\nu Address in United States. Ainessla! ifefor Particufars
FREE\ FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
/^ SMALL ADS.
A
BEAUTIFUL
:CUP
AND
SAUCER.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call. •
See Small Ad Page for Further
. Particulars.
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
No Delay
In keeping social or business ensage-
ments caused by nervous or sick head-
ache, or other pains or aches by those
who have learned the meritB of Dr.
3JHe< Anti-Pain Pills. They simply take
a tablrt when the symptoms appear, and
they are quickly dispelled. In fact
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain frills
Will prevent, and also cure, all pains of
every nature, and are absolutely harm-
less. The soothing influence upon the
nerves and muscles quiet and refresh the
irritated conditions.
"Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills always cure
my headache, and the beauty of It is it
costs such a trine. I am glad there' is
such a remedy for people who must work
sick or well. Headaches never prevent
me from keeping: my engagements "
MRS. G. X. GRIFFITH. Santa Ana. Cal.
Tho first package will benefit, if not,
the drugigst will return your money.
25 doses. 15 cents. Xevcr sold in bulk.
DR. KILMER'S _ J_ _ _ .J^...^,
Illllii ie
. . lillBLE HI BOUT KNOW IT
t - ¦ i j h m«>, ifr4j ii r >.
iknmtitfWM- M^ri^
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys arc responsible for more sick«\
ness and suffering than any other disease -the .*ef ore. when
through neglect cr other causes, kidney trouble Is permitted to
continue, -fatal results are sure to follow.
Youp other organs may ne;d attention- but your kidney*
most, because they do most and nred attention fii'st.
1« you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking D?. .Kilmer'*
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, be-
cause as soon ps you? kidneys begin to get better they wl 1 help
all the other organs to health. A trial wl»l convincs any one.
The mild and immediate effect of [symptoms of which are— obliged to
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and pass your water frequently night j and
ui jj j • ,>„„ ~-*v,t*a t» day, smarting or irritation in passing,
bladder remedy, s soon realized. It br £ kdust o f scdiracnt in the urine,
stands tne highest for its wondertul j headac h e , backache, lame back, dizzi-
cures of the most distressing cases, i nesS) poor digestion, sleeplessness,
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- | nervousness, heart disturbance due to
tern right, and the best proof of this bad kidney trouble, skin eruptions
is a trial from bad blood, neuralgia, rheuma-
03 cottage st.. melrose. mass. tism, diabetes, bloating, irritability,
dear sir? Jan. nth. 1004. wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
-Kv^r since I was in the Army 1 had more o f flesh, sallow complexion, or
or less kidney, trouble, and within the past _ . . , !.
year It became so severe and complicated that iirigni S disease.
I suffered everythins and was much aUrmed— jf your wa tcr, when allowed to re-
r^aw W an t adv«rtise°ment W of 9 .Swanip !^Root and main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
wrote asking for advice. I began the uao of I f or twenty-four hours, forms a Sedi-
the medicine and noted a decided Improvement .,,._,. „ ' ?»i:__. nr t,-- -, rlnnAv arv-
after taking Swamp-Root only a «hort time. j ment or Settling Or has a ClOUOy ap-
"i continuued its use and am thankful to say I pearance, it is evidence that your
that I am entirely cured and strong. In order \ V5r1n»>v« an H hlar1H<»r nerii imm*»«4iate
to be very sure about this i had a doctor exam- j kidneys ana Diaaaer neea immeaiaic
lne some of my water to-day and he pro- attention.
nounced It all light and in splendid condition. c r> * • i » . I'i j
• ."I know, that your Swamp-Root Ii purely bwamp-KOOt IS pleasan.. to take and
vegetable and does not contain any harmful js for Sale at drug Stores the world
%^c£^u&%3LX&%^S£ over in bottles of two sizes and two
I am. • very truly yours. prices — nlty cents and one dollar. Re-
. . "h c - Richardson" member the name. Swamp- Root. Dr.
Swamp-Root is not recommended Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
for everything, but it promptly, cures dress, Binghamton, N. Y, on every
kidney, liver and bladder troubles, the bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— In .order to prove the wonderful merits of
Swamp-Root you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable infor-
mation, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and-
women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root are so well knov' n
that our readers are advised to send for a sample bottle. »In sending v our
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y.. be sure to say yo»- J rea^
this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call. The genuinj- ness °*
this offer is guaranteed. 4 - .;"j-NORWAY. Mich.. "Nov. 29. — The hydraulic
works ownrt ; Ly ¦ the Oliver Mining Company
has been destroy*d by flre. The loss will reach
half a million dollars. -
DENVER, Nov. 29.— Frank Mur
ray, assistant superintendent of the
Finkerton National Detective Agency,
died to-day of tuberculosis.
Prominent Pinkcrton Man Dead.
WIDOW MAY TAKE HALF
OF THE MOFFITT ESTATE
DEMANDS ARREST, OF
DISMISSED POLICEMEN
OAKLAND. Nov. 29.— Following the
granting yesterday of special letters of
administration to her Mrs. Frank J.,
Moffltt to-day filed a petition for the
probate of her late husband's. will, and
in it expressly states that she does not
waive anv rights she may possess un
der section 1402 of the Civil Code. .
Under the section the widow is en
titled to one-half of the '., community
property and it is possible that Mrs.
Moffltt may elect to take one-half of
the estate rather than the bequest of
$70,000 provided in the will. ... -^
Journalistic* ¦ Events.
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— The first is
sue of Porter's Weekly, published - by
F. R. Porter of 'this city, . appeared
Saturday, November 26. The new
publication is : devoted ' to a general
discussion of "current- topics' of inter
est to local ' readers, political . and so
ciety notes and short stories. It is il
lustrated. -¦•-./' ¦-<•¦¦--•:-. -;~v"
OAKLAND. Nov. 29.— As a mem
ber of the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners, City .Engineer F. C.
Turner to-day made a demand upon
Patrolman Michael Shannon that he
swear' to complaints against former
Sergeant of Police Charles E. Clark
and ousted Policeman : C. W. Hamil
ton,, charging them . with' burglary.
The offense specified is concerned in
the taking of 'paint from, the Buswell
Company store. Commissioner Tur
ner pleaded, . cajoled and then firmly
insisted that Shannon make. oath to
the complaints . that warrants of ar
rest might issue!
Shannon did . not give , a definite
answer to Turner, but requested fur
ther time in which to take advice as
to his position. He has hitherto as
serted that he did hot believe' suffi
cient evidence 1 had been produced to
warrant him in charging burglary.
Turner declares he will take the, dis
missed s policemen's cases before * the
Grand Jury Jf ¦¦ warrants are not \ sworn
Fountain Head for ; Fountain Pens'..'
- We, are sole agents and. Belling; agents
for the best fountain" pens fin the world'
Prices $1, ./ $3.'.*- $2.50.7. upjto' J7.60 each'
Satisfaction or money ,j returned." j San
born. Vail & Co..' 741 Market street. •
Mrs. Fleming was formerly a belle
of ¦'". Detroit, and. leaves a host /.of
friends there, who will > learn with
much ' regret of her. death. She- pos
sessed a large fortune in' her own
name, , and by the recent death of , her
father ."she inherited several' millions.
Her. father's ending is supposed to
have.: hastened : his daughter's"; death,
for she never fully recovered ; from the
shock of the news. Arrangements have
been ! made \ for "shipping the remains
of 'Mrs. Fleming '. to Pasadena, whence
they "will later be removed to -Detroit,"
to-be^Tlaced in \the ¦I'^ndMrne - mauso- 1
leum designed by "her; father.;
Mrs. Clara H. Fleming, wife of Ar- {
thur H. Fleming, and a daughter of
the late Millionaire Fowler of Detroit,
died at the Palace Hotel late yesterday ,
afternoon. The unfortunate woman,
who was widely known in Southern
California, where "she and her hus
band had lived for several years, had
been ill for a number of years. It was
this fact that brought them to Cali
fornia, and they built ,a handsome
home in Pasadena, where they had since
lived. . A few days ago Mr. and Mrs.
Fleming and their 10-year-old daugh
ter came to . San Francisco and took
apartments" at . the Palace. Shortly
after. their arrlvaliMrs. Fleming took
a serious turn, and yesterday hope for
her improvement' was entirely aban
doned by ; Dr. George H. Martin, her
attending physician. As the day began
closing 'Mrs.- Fleming passed quietly
away in the presence of : her devoted
husband and daughter."
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 29. — According to
the report of State Bank Examiner
Seibert the shortage in the accounts
of A. F. MIspagel. former cashier of
the St. Charles Savings Bank, is $73 -
000.
Cashier Has Bl«t Shortage.
CHICAGO, Nov. 29.— A collection of
caricatures in oil, pen and pencil, the
property of Chapln & Gore, was ruined
in a $70,000 fire which started in the
Rubel &. Allegretti chocolate factory
to-day. These caricatures, consid
ered priceless by the owners and
known throughout the world, .were
stored in the basement of the burned
building.
Rare Art Works Ruined.
MRS. FLEMING
DIES AT THE
PALACE HOTEL
BELGRADE, Servia, Nov. 29. A
wedding party near Monastir, Mace
donia, has been attacked and slaugh
tered by Greek bands, according to a
telegram received at the Foreign Of
flce. Thirteen of the party were killed
and five were wounded. The Greeks
escaped to the mountains.
Thirteen Reported Slain and Five
Wounded In Attack Near Mon
astlr, Macedonia.
WEDDING PARTY. KILLED
-BY A BAXD OF GHEEKS
• NEW YORK. Nov. Mrs. Daniel
G. R«Md, wife of the capitalist, died at
her homo in Irvington, N. Y.. to-day.
Before her marriage Mrs. Reid ¦ was
an actress, her stage name being
Clarisse Agnew. Mrs. Reid's death
followed a surgical' operation . per
formed for the removal of a tumor.
Airs. Reid was the daughter of a
hotel keeper named Robinson and was
born in Belvedere, near. San Francisco.
It was while she was in Hoyt's "A
Milkwhite Flag" company that she
met Reid. The funeral services will bo
held at Irvington and the Interment
probably will:be at Richmond, Ind. ¦
Passing of Western Woman Known on
the Stage as Clarisse Agncw.
CALIFORNIA ACTKESS DIES.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. — Lack of
oxygen in the room where he sJept
hag caused the death of Charles Kra3
ny, a machinist, living in Newark. >T/
.J. The one door and window were
so tightly closed as to make the room
practically air tight. When he retired
Krasny started a small gas heater.
This and his breathing soon exhaust
ed the oxygen In the room and Kras-'
ny died in his sleep.
Xew Jersey Machinist, Who Kept
Door and Window Closed, Passes *
Away in Sleep.
SHENANG^, Pa., Nov. 29.— Lorenzo
M. Johnson of Chicago, president of
the Plttsburg, Shawmut and Northern
Railroad Company and allied inte:osts,
and formerly manager of the Mexican
International and large interests of C.
P. Huntlngton, is dead in -t. Mary's,
Pa. *
Life Ends for Railway Man.
DIES FROM THE LACK
OF OXYGEN IN HIS ROOM
NEW YORK, Nov. 29. — With chil
dren held under their arms, el'nging
around their necks or hanging to
their shoulders, firemen early to-day
carried forty screaming youngsters
from a burning tenement. at 254 and
236 Ninth avenue. At the same time
thirty adults followed the rescuers
down the fire escapes.
Mrs. W. A. Connaughton, an aged
woman, living on the. second 'floor,
who had been bedridden for two
weeks from paralysis, arose and
climbed Into the street unaided. The
fright for the moment seemed to have
effected a v - cure and she hurried to a
neighbor's home without a twinge of
pain.
FIREMEN CARRY CHILDREN
FROM BURNING TENEMENT
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, was
solicited to-day for exact and authentic
news of the fate of the fourteen seniors
upon whose cases Captain Nance has
made report to the president, but de
spite all appeals from the anxious men
and their friends no news was given
out that tended to allay' the anxieties
or confirm the fears of the seniors who
are In suspense and have been for three
weeks.
President Wheeler explained that he
purposes consulting the parents of the
men who are accused by Captain
Nancn. Because the president states
that he is going to write to the parents
of the men before taking action it is
the general belief In the university that
Nance has recommended severe punish
ment for most of the fourteen men.
No news of the fate of the accused is
to be given- out by the authorities until
replies from the parents of the men af
fected have been received. The presi
dent refuses to give the names of the
men, and Captain Nance is equally reti
cent, pursuing: the course that he has
maintained since the beginning of his
conflict with the senior class.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street.- Nov. 29.
The banquet room was handsomely
decorated, though the key note of the
color scheme was simplicity. President
Wheeler presided and Professor String
ham acted as toastmaster. Professor
Howison spoke feelingly in~ response to
the toast of which he was the subject
Appropriate toasts were responded to
during the evening by Judge .Garber,
Judge Seawcll, Mayor Olney of Oak
land and othprs. The guests numbered
123 and among them were: Franklin
K. Lane, Fairfax Wheelan, Frank
Symmes, Judge Beatty, President Jor
dan of Stanford, Richard Kir, James
K. Moflltt. General Greenleaf, Major
Wynne and members of the faculty.
Professor Howison took his A. B. at
Marietta College in 1852 and three years
later his master's degree at the same
college. In 1&S3 his alma mater con
ferred upon him the degree of LL.D.
He has spent the later years of his life
in the State university here. He is a
member of the Phi Gamma Delta
fraternity and of Phi. Beta Kappa.
BERKELEY. Nov. 29.— Notable men
of the State who are friends and ad
mirers of Professor George H. Howison,
head of the philosophy department of
the University of California, gathered
to-night at the banquet table, spread
for them by the faculty men, In the
faculty clubhouse, to celebrate Pro
fessor Howlson'8 seventieth birthday.
Birthday Dinner at AYhlch Notable
Men Join Members of Uni
versity Faculty.
LONDON. Nov. 29.— The Earl of
Hardwicke. Albert Edward Philip
Torke, Under Secretary of State for
India, died suddenly in London to
day. He had been in poor health for
some time. The Earl, who was born
in 1867, was known as a stock broker.
His father had a magnificent estate,
but he ran through his property and
left his son practically penniless, and
the latter had to adopt a city career
as a means of livelihood.
TRIBUTE TO PROFESSOR
HOWISOX BY ADMIRERS
AU Aft2* fW tllC Wlf ° WIsh tO Ar * ue
Intimation Given Them
j by Uie Judge.
w^ K £aND. Nov. 29— The Van
worn i Sjvorce cafe, that is now in
'""¦tt d d Week ° f trial> WiH be sub '
nr£~'for the decision of Judge Og
d«n tomorrow, and it is probable that
the dcree will b« handed down at
once.
The taking of the testimony in ths
case was finished at noon to-day and
the <jtestion of argument then came
up. Jidge Ogden took the attorneys
on boh Fides of the ca?e into his
cb.amJ*rs and outlined hif* summing
up of he testimony, and then left it
to th'en whether they would argue or
no. vhen they came out the attor
neys ilated that they had been -bound
to se-Tecy, but Van Horn's attorneys
said to the court that they were will
ing to submit the issue. Attorneys
for Mrs. Van Horn wished to argue
the point, and the matter was then al
lowed to go over until to-morrow.
Regarding reports that the peasan
try In Mayo and Galway counties are
on the brink of starvation through the
failure of the potato crop, he said
they were grossly exaggerated. There
was a wet summer and fears wer©
felt for a partial crop failure, but no
apprehension exists of serious calam
ity. In even good seasons, he said,
there is poverty in the section men
tioned.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— Michael
Davitt, the Irish leader, who has been
in America on private business since
November 5, will sail for his home to
morrow.
Davitt Says Conditions Are Not u
Bad as They Have Been
- :r Pictured.
CA5fc ' ILOOKS FAVORABLE
roit noss van horn
REPORTS OF POVERTY
IN IRELAND OVERDRAWN"
A MEMBER OF THE DOLL. SHOW
COMMITTEE AND LITTLE FOLK
WHO POSE.
PAPA AND MAMA
TO HEAR NEWS
Mrs. John J. Allen, Mrs. H. C. Capwell,
Mrs. F. S. Brower and Mrs. H. W. Bish
op, who comprise the committee in
charge.
The little folk who will take part in
the living pictures are Etta Schrock,
Albert and Dorothy Carter, Helen
Mehrmann; Dorothy, Phyllis and Ce
bert Capwell; Ethan Allen, Louis Allen,
Gladys Teague, Helen and Virginia
Brill. Lillian Gard, Master Klsick, Othe
lia Dicckman, Fritz Nordhauser. Janice
and lima Tobriner. Phoebe and Flor
ence; Matthews, John Joseph Allen Jr.,
Alice Palmer, Margery and Dorothy
Blair, Helen Burke, Miss Sharp, the
Misses Adams. Elsie Bishop. Edna
Stephens, Hazel Land. Carmen Ghlrar
delli. Kenneth Kendall, Irene Orr, Rosa
lie Ogden. Margery Bryan, Hazel
Hutchings, Robert Baird, Miss Schleu
ter, Carietcn Nines. Miss Breedlove,
Elsie Peterson, Ethel Carroll and
Helen Wolfe.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 29.
There is~ a hitch in the organization
of the Board of Engineers that is to in
vestigate the Bay Cities Water Com
pany's properties with relation to the
proposal to install a municipal water
supply of 20,000,000 gallons a day
for Oakland. I The company's repre
sentative, A: M. Hunt, and City En
gineer F. C. Turner, after three confer
ences to-day, failed to" reach an agree
ments to the third engineer who shall
be chosen to complete the board.
City Engineer Turner has selected an
engineer, whose identity he will not
disclose, as the man he desires shall
be that third representative on the
commission. The name was presented
to Engineer Hunt and did not prove
satisfactory. Turner in return an
nounced practically that he should in
sist upon his man's being named. Hunt
replied by submitting several names,
none of which appealed to Turner.
In explanation of his position. Turner
said to-night:
. "The city of Oakland has a great
deal at stake in this matter. I feel
certain that the third man on this
board, who might have, a deciding voice
in the report, should be one satisfactory
to me as the representative of Oakland.
In other words it seems to me that the
city should have the naming of the odd
man. The engineer whom I have in
mind' is, in my opinion, the best man
on the coast for the work that is ahead
of us. I feel quite insistent on this
point because of the city's, vast inter
ests. While Mr. Hunt has not definite
ly refused to accept my man he has not
looked upon him with fa"~r."
Further conference will be held to
morrow.
He was appointed to the military
academy from California in 1875, was
appointed second lieutenant In the
Fifth Infantry in 1879, and graduated
from the artillery school in 1890. Ha
was appointed captain In 1899 and
promoted to the rank of major in
1904.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29.— The War
Department has accepted the resigna
tion of Major Walter S. Alexander of
the . artillery corps, stationed at San
Francisco. Major Alexander, in ten
dering his resignation, gave as a rea
son that he desired. to go into private
business.
After Twenty Years, He Iieaves the
Army to Go Into Private
r' V: '-.- Business.
CANNOT AGREE
ON ENGINEER
RESIGNATION OF MAJOR
ALEXANDER ACCEPTED
Kiniry showed signs of weariness
and was anxious to go to bed. His cell,
a steel tank in the main prison corri
dor, was awaiting him. He made no
demonstration during the Journey
north, was quiet, but talkative to dan
ger points touching his case. It was
Just a year ago that Smith was killed
at Fourteenth and Jackson streets by
one of two men whom he had stopped
as suspicious characters. In the pistol
duel Frank Goldstein was killed by
Smith. As to his connection, Kiniry has
admitted that he was in Oakland with
Goldstein the night of the shooting,
that they were out together to commit
crime, that they met a police officer
near the scene of the shooting. All of
this Kiniry told the Chief of Police, but
there he stopped. Hodgkins said to
night that Kiniry talked of vital points
in the story. Kiniry had little to say at
the orison and objected to being ques
tioned concerning the murder charge.
He said he should not be expected to
tell his case. Precautions were taken
to prevent Kiniry from doing harm to
himself. He appeared to have well re
covered from the effects of 'the bullet
wounds in his leg and his wrist Inflict
ed at Los Angeles by Watchman Hen
derson.
David Kiniry, shackled and handcuffed,
arrived to-night at the City Prison in
custody of Chief, of Police Hodgkins.
The prisoner, who is charged with the
murder of Policeman James H. Smith,
left Los Angeles in the Chief's custody
at 8 o'clock this morning, arriving at
Third and Townsend streets, San Fran
cisco at 11 p. m. There Captain of
Police Wilson met the men and came to
Oakland on the 11:25 p. m. broad gauge
train.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Nov. 29.
EARTi OF HARDWICKE DEAD.
Madame Janauschek had the same
hold on the affections of the public as
have Mrs. Gilbert. Clara Morris and
Madame Modjeska. She was a Bo
hemian by- birth and had reached the
age of 74. She became prominent as
an actress first in her. own country and
later in Germany. In 1867 she came to
the United States, first performing In
German, and after a thorough study of
the English language she appeared in
such characterizations as Deborah,
Mary Stuart, Queen Elizabeth, Lady
Macbeth, Meg Merrillles and Biantea.
Her retirement from the stage was an
nounced in 1891. but the next year she
appeared in a play entitled "The Har
vest Home." Several years later she
again appeared in "The Great Dia
mond Robbery," interpreting the char
acter of a typical eastside "fence"
keeper.
It was in July, 1900. that Madame
Janauschek first suffered from an at
tack of paralysis. She went to St.
Mary's Hospital, remaining there for
six months. She then went to Saratoga
Springs and remained there under the
constant care of Dr. James E. Kelly of
that place.
On April 12, 1901, a benefit perform
ance was given for her at Wallack's
Theater, in which many prominent ac
tors and actresses took part. This gave
her approximately $.*>00O. In her later
yenrs Madame Janauschek lost all he
wealth" and was forced to sell the cos
tumes ; she had used in her previous
lengthy stage career as well as her
cherished troDhips
Spa.nKer<berg avers that he was not
responsible fur the accident and it is
probable that Judge llelvin will have
to discard legal tomes and have re
course to Hoyle to find out which one
of the two sportsmen violated the rules
of the jame.
According to the testimony, they
were shooting over ground where there
were low bushes. The tv.o men be-
separated and Brooking claims
"~t without looking to see where he
, ~f, shooting Spansenbcrg fired reck
if/r v, • Spangenberg says the brush
"'r.^^fcinK and he was not in sight
h- j r » fired - Brooking is employed
„?*' _« & Co. of San Fran
"•^"jf drummer.
finish J \O ajrlnS Of the ca£e is not yet
nnuiea o nd wi ,, on fe the mornIng .
A shot at a quail, which flew directly
toward George Brooking, who received
mo?t of the discharge in his face, is
costing Rudolph Spangenberg the an
noyance of an action at law by which
Brooking wants to recover $5725 dam
ages for injury to his eyesight. The
two prm went out hunting one day
last quail season near Warm Springs,
when the accident occurred.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Nov. 29.
Oakland's Chief of Police
Brings Murder Suspect
From Los Angeles to Jail
MISSES QUAIL
AND HITS MAN
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Madame Ja
nauschek, the actress, died to-day.
Her death took place in the Bruns
wick home at Amityvrlle, L. I., where
for the last four months she had been
a private patient as a charge of the
actors' fund. Paralysis and general
debility were the immediate causes of
death. . £* £>>.*>* \
DAVID KINIRY
IN STEEL CELL
DEATH'S HAND
PLACED UPON
JANAUSCHEK
TUCKAHOE, N. T., Nov. 29.—Work
men, employed by Contractors Bellew
& Merritt of Tuckahoe. were excavat
ing a sewer at Upper Tuckahoe this
afternoon, when five pounds of dy
namite exploded from some unknown
cause, blowing Petro Fornso to pieces
and injuring two other workmen, one
mortally.
Antonio Stranino. who was near tha
dynamite when it exploded, was blown
about seventy feet. He was removed
to Mount Vernon Hospital, where Dr.
Weiss performed a delicate operation.
Part of the crushed interior of hla
stomach was removed and coils of rub
ber tubing were Inserted so that ha
will be kept alive by being fed through
the rubber tube. Dr. Weiss says the
operation may save his life.
Coils of Rubber Tubing Inserted,
Through Which Injured Man
Will Be Fed. /' -
PART OF THE INTERIOR
OP HIS STOMACH REMOVED
The j>lea for mercy is made by Kel
legg on the ground that he took
trifling rums to pay debts contracted
¦while his wife was sick, and that when
he feared these thefts would "be found
out he became so frantic that he lost
eelf-control, stole about $150 and de
camped with the money. His salary in
the postoffice was $50 a month. He
married, and says it was almost impos
sible for him to pay expenses, hence
the stealings which he now admits.
Postmaster Schmidt told Kellogg that
the case could not be controlled by the
local office, but must go to the Federal
authorities. Inspector L. H. Bricker
was called in. He took no action to
ward arresting Kellogg, merely laying
the facts of the case before United
States District Attorney Marshall
Woodworth in San Francisco.
With a pathetic plea for mercy ac
companying the act, Oliver M. Kellogg,
the self-confessed postofflce embezzler.
to-day turned over to Postmaster
Echmidt 5104 11, the full amount of the
money taken by him three months ago.
Xellogg disappeared from Berkeley
when he felt apprehensive that his
Ftealings would be detected and fled to
tbe southern part of the State. He left
a «ick wife, to whom a child was born
shortly after he disappeared. When the
report of his wife's illness reached him
he hurried home and has been in Berke
ley for five weeks, though none save
the members of hi? family have known
that he was here.
Berkeley Offlce San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Nov. 29.
As soon as Ely was out of sight after
putting the youth in the locker the
prisoners' friends it is supposed got to
work. The heavy wire screen was
ripped off the transom, and some one
crawled through and freed Toung by
forcing a staple Iron on the wooden
door of the cell In the small apartment.
By the time the patrol wagon arrived
there was no prisoner. The smashed
wiring disclosed the story of the escape.
Policemen were ..detailed to-day to
search for the missing boy. Evidence is
being collected touching the identity of
those who helDed him to gain his lib
erty.
, By tearing down a wire screen over
a transom"" and assisted by a crowd of
youths. 1 Bert Young, 18 years old. es
caped, last night from" the detention
lockup . at Sixth and . Washington
streets, where he had been placed by
Policeman George Ely to await transfer
to the City Prison. He had been ar
rested by Edwin Louis, a citizen, on a
charge of using vulgar language. The
boy was taken into custody by Patrol
man ;Ely, who with Louis had a busy
time for a few minutes to stand off a
dozen or more boys who defiantly tried
to drag the prisoner away from his
captors.
Oakland Office San» Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Nov. 29.
David Howie, a clerk in the branch
postofflce at ¦West Oakland, saved.him
self from footpads' attack last night by
making a daring' sprint on his bicycle
down the harrow wooden-covered box
of the main lake sewer through the
West Oakland marsh. , s
Howie was pedaling along Peralta
street late in the evening, on his way
home. Near. Eighteenth street he saw
a man loitering in the street, but gave
no thought to the stranger. As Howie
got alongside of the pedestrian the
man made a sudden jump at the cy
clist and swung a heavy blow at
Howie's head, commanding him to
holdup his hands. The . wheelman
crouched and dodged the blow and
made a dash down the street. Before
he had run 100 feet a second man,
mounted on a bicycle, started out of
the darkness in pursuit of Howie, who
turned off on the sewer covering and
outdistanced the other • highwayman.
After shaking off his pursuer Howie
rode across to terra firma and con
tinued his journey home. \ He told the
police to-day that the/men were un
questionably robbers, arts they came up
on him with every appearance of evil
intent. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
lOlf.-'Broadway, Nov. 29. .
CHICAGO. Nov. 29.— The American
Association of Ticket Brokers has Just
determined to have the Supreme
Court of the United States. pass upon
the legality of injunctions Issued
against them in more than a score of
cities, restraining them from dealing
in non-transferable transportation is
sued by the railroads.
"We believe that the ticket broker
age business is a legitimate business
and that we have a right to pursue
it," said A. Ottinger of San Francisco,
president of the American Association
of Ticket Brokers, to-day, which has
Just held its regrular quarterly meet
ing here.
Ottinger is the wealthiest and most
Influential ticket broker in the coun
try- His headquarters are in San
Francisco, but he has offices in all the
blgr cities from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific Coast. '..r.t, .. ?
Believe They Will Be Upheld in Con
tention That Business Is a
Legitimate One.
Postoffice Clerk Attacked
by One Tliug and Races
Away From Another Thief
After Arrest of a Friend
Persistent Youths Suc
ceed in Their Scheme
TICKET BROKERS "TO .TAKE
CASES TO SUPREME COURT
Government Official Lays
Facts in Case Before the
United States Attorney
HE PLEADS FOR MERCY
There will be fancy articles of every
description for sale, to please every
taste and suit every purse. And the
dolls simply beggar description. They
are all ready to take part in the beauty
show— dear little baby dolls, lovely
damsels In gorgeous ball gowns and
chic little bisque maids In kaleidoscopic
and bewildering array.
What Dromises to be the most inter
esting feature of the doll show is that
part of the daily programme that will
be given by a number of children, sons
and daughters of the society women in
terested in the bazaar. They will pose
in living pictures, and arrangements
have been made to have everv detail as
perfect as possible. Every mother, of
course, is taking an active interest in
the success of the living pictures, but
among those Immediately interested are
OAKLAND, Nov. 29.— "When children
set the Dace their parenfte needs must
follow, and that Is whv the doll show,
which begins at Ebell Thursday, is the
center of general interest this week.
The ladies of the West Oakland Home
Association, who annually conduct this
great charity bazaar, have become pro
ficient in the art of pleasing: the public,
and with the beginning of December
will Inaugurate a. three days* entertain
ment that promises to eclipse past suc
cesses.
liOBBER ALSO MOUNTED
TOY TO MOB POLICEMAN
LADIES ARRANGE AN- INTERESTING BAZAAR.
Embezzler Kellogg Makes
Good Cash Taken by Him
From Office at Berkeley
Free Companion by Bipping
Out Obstructing Screens
at Sixth Street Lockup
Wheelman Bides Down Nar
row Sewer Box Covering
When Pursued by Footpad
BOYS ASSIST
IN AN ESCAPE
ALL SORTS OF PRETTY
DOLLS ON SALE.
ERRING CLERK
RETURNS COIN
MAKES ESCAPE
ON A BICYCLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; 30, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
4
m r _ _
RATIONAL TREATMENT
OF
Stomach Diseases
MEANS :-
Discard Injurious Drugs
- USE
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Fret Trial Bottlt. Sold by leading
druggists.
NOT CCNUINC WITHOUT t*Y SICNATUfi:
CIO PRINCE ST.; NEW YORK. V
- WRirt »c» fmtz BoeKLtT on Rational TRfATarorr
or O-bcam. - - ' ;
See Small Ad }; Page j, for Further
i|i|§?ill|i; Particulars. ' \ . : . ; ': '-¦
Free V With Every Small Ad in
/ Sunday Call.
A
BEAUTIFUL*
{CUP
AND
SAUCER.
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
BJ5 W% ! $E& ? S the } ° y ° f thc household > f °r without
Hil Hi! W %k iC n ° ha PP ines3 can be complete. How
»*» hOP m llsli swect th e picture of mother and babe,
iriaBg&7 53 \SsP angels smile at and commend ' the
AJBjSakH'^&aB u "¦.. thou S ht f and aspirations of the mother
mS Em i ft™ IT bendin 2 over the cradle. The ordeal through
Hf BS S M S U3 W whlch the ex pectant mother must pass, how-
W ¥B Wib evcr ' ls so ful1 of danger and suffering that
. w , .v ¦ v .„ * h e l^ts forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
T'u;?Z'?u W ° m i n > ? I* kno .V?* t the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and readers
pliable all the parts, and .¦ °
*nd .without pain. 'Sold at $i.oo per "«¦— ¦*. mfmWMBItnm.
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless $T ||S | ljP l&ll gg|
GRADFIELD REGULATOR CO.. Attmatm. G^ M fli Q BU jfllj t&3
ADVTEKTISKSrKXTS.
AJLAMEDA-
1«5 Park Street.
Telephone Aliimeda 559.
OAKIiAXJ>.
101ft nroadway.
Telephone Main 1033.
BERKELEY.
2 148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
BRANCH OFFICES v
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYAttaches Fair Estate.
A writ of attachment was served
yesterday by the Sheriff on the real
estate belonging to Mrs. Hermann Oel
richs and Mrs. William Vanderbilt at
the instance of Captain John Seymour.
The attachment .is the result of a suit
brought by Seymour against the heirs
of the late James G. Fair to recover
$28,500 for an alleged breach of con
tract relating to the employment of
Seymour as superintendent of the Fair
properties in this city. ¦
WIN'S COCHRANE CUP.— Lodlta Van Vllet,
the clever 13-year-old 'tennis player, won the
Cochrane cup. for the second* time at the Pre
vldio yesterday. -Another- victory gives 1 her pos-
Fezslon of It. In the final she defeated Lulu
¦\Ve*ruer by a ecore of 6-2, 7-5.
The SuDreme Court la attempting: to
make an even division of the appeal
cases now pending in order to give the
new district courts something to do.
The number of contests submitted and
not* yet decided is approximately 900.
The amendment specifies the character
of cases to be considered by each
tribunal.
The Justices of the ¦ Supreme Court
hold that they will have absolute con
trol of the district courts, and may take
for themselves Just what proportion of
the appeals they choose. The Supreme
Court will also prepare all rules of pro
cedure for the district courts. The new
tribunal uill.in fact, be merely an of
ficial assistant, whose work shall al
ways be subject to revision. It is ex
pected, however, "that only in extraor
dinary instances will the district courts'
decisions be reviewed and reversed.
The Justices state that they mean to
divide the work equally. How the plan
of division furnished in the amendment
will operate cannot be told until pend
ing cases are segregated. The Justices
are taking no official action in the mat
ter of recommending candidates to the
Governor, but thev feel that the pres
ent Supreme Court Commissioners
could properly perform the duties as
signed to the district courts.
The present plan is to get the new
tribunals to work as early as Febru
ary. The Governor can make his ap
pointments and the Legislature' can
provide the necessary salaries by that
time. : :'
Under existing laws the Supreme
Court has to make . semi-annual pil
grimages to Los . Angeles and Sacra
mento, and this practice will have to be
continued until the Leslslature pro
vides otherwise. It is expected that the
law will be changed so as to allow the
court to remain permanently In San
Francisco within a few "years.
The* Sacramento appeal coiirf will
Highest Tribunal of State
Is Awaiting Appointment
of . Corps of Assistants
PREPARE WORK
FOR NEW COURT
probably be housed in the Capitol. The
Los-Angeles court will hold its' sessions
In the Supreme Court rooms unless a
better plan Is presented. The San Fran
cisco court Is expected to make Its
home in the Parr.ott building in the
rooms now occupied by the Supreme
Court .Commissioners.
Democrats here say that* not only
should Mariposa be given the banner,
but that Baxter should be made its sole
custodian, for he is certainly entitled to
some reward for his gameness in even
admitting that he Is a Democrat In
view of the late disaster to his cause
throughout the State.
The Republican Electors of Califor
nia will assemble at Sacramento on
January 9 next and select one of their
number to carry the ballot of the State
to the national capital. George H. Pip
py, president of the Union League Club,
Is most prominently mentioned at this
time for the honor, and it Is very prob
able, unless some unexpected' opposi
tion should spring up between the pres
ent time and the date of the meeting,
that he will be selected by his col
leagues on the ticket to represent them
at Washington.
George W. Edwards, assistant secre
tary of the ReDubllcan County Com
mittee, has made formal announcement
of his candidacy for the office of his
tory clerk of the Assembly. Mr. Ed
v.ards did effective work on behalf of
his party during the last campaign,
and he will go to Sacramento with the
solid backing of the San Francisco del
egation.
General George Stone. . chairman of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee will return from Sacramento this
morning. He has been spending a few
days in the capital city looking into
matters affecting his office.
know if there is a Democratic banner.
If bo, I being the only Representative of
the State In this county, I would re
quest that It be sent to me for Mart
posa County, as she is the banner Dem
ocratic county of the State and the only
one that has alwars given a Demo
cratic majority since she was made a
county."
ENTITLED TO BANNER.
Beginning on December 1 the Gray-
News Company will begin Its news
service on the Virginia and Truckee,
Carson, Colorado and Tonopah rail
rcads between Reno and Tonopah.
San Francisco newspapers will be sold
at 5 cents a copy. All stations will
supply the papers.
Grav News Service Grows.
POLICE RAID FANTAN DEN.— Police
Commlyyloner Hutton and a policeman raided
a gambling den at 820 Washington street last
nlfht and eighty Chinese fantan players were
taken to the Hall of Justice.
H. M. Russell and his wife were ex
onerated in Justice Lawson's court
yesterday of the charge "of destroying
Mrs." W. G. Howard's property at 825
Mason street. . Mrs. Howard had sued
for $68 50 damages, alleging that- the
Russells, her landlords, had destroyed
her furniture.
IF. M. -Russell Exonerated.
And all manner of tfooden things and
sheepskins to burn. Hundreds of de
signs not shown elsewhere. Inspection
invited. Artist material department,
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Pyrography Outfits
The Right Honorable Sir Wilfrid
Laurier, Premier of Canada, and the
idol of the Liberal party of the
Dominion, accompanied by Lady
Laurier, Mrs. Edwards, wife of Sena
tor Edwards of Canada, and Miss Cou
tu, arrived in this city from the East
late yesterday afternoon and are at the
Palace Hotel. The Premier has come
to California for a much needed rest
after the fatiguing experiences of a
hard political campaign, and it is his
intention to remain in the State about
two weeks. En route to the coast he
visited the St. Louis exposition, which
he enjoyed, and then proceeded west
ward direct to "San Francisco.
"Sir Wilfrid Laurier is not a well
man," said his secretary. R. Bondreau.
last evening at the Palace, "and in
view of this fact he purposes to enjoy
as much quiet as his journey will per;
mit. For that reason he is not allow
ing himself to be interviewed notwith
standing the fact that he has been
quoted by several papers regarding va
rious matters. From here we ex
pect to go to Monterey and then pro
ceed down the coast to Los Angeles,
from which place our homeward Jour
ney wi!l begin."
Last evening the Premier and his
party dined at the Palace and then re-
< tired to their, rooms for the night. To
; day they will visit Chinatown and'
j Golden Gate Park, and in the afternoon
I they will depart for the Hotel del Mcn
j'te, where they expect to remain sever
1 al days.
! Sir Wilfrid Laurier is of striking ap
; pearance, and a man of genial dispo
j sition who readily makes friends, a
; fact that was thoroughly demonstrated
J in his last campaign, which terminated
I in great success. He is regarded as one
| of the best speakers m Canada- and
j ever since he entered politics in the Do
| minion he has been looked upon as
! a very strong man. Since the retire-
I ment of Mr. Blake he has been the ac
knowledged leader of the Liberals.
The Premier is native of St. Lin, L'As
somption. Province of Quebec, and was
born in November, 1841. Although he
began his career as a lawyer He later
j entered the journalistic field, and for a
j time he edited Le Defricheur. He was
j a member of the Quebec Assembly
from 1871 to 1874 and in the latter year
he was elected a member of the Do
minion Parliament. He was also Min
ister of Inland Revenue and bears the
distinction of being the first French
Canadian to be elected Premier of Can
ada. His wife was formerly a Miss
Zoe Lafontaine of Montreal and Is
credited with having been responsible
for much of the public success of her
distinguished husband.
MELBOURNE, Nov. 29. — The Fed
eral House of Representatives will
next week discuss the question of
withdrawing the restriction' placed on
thff entry of Japanese into the com
monwealth on the ground, in the
words of the motion, that "they have
placed themselves in the front rank
of nations, have granted religious free
dom, have established consulates and
have become the honor.ed ally of
Great Britain."
to
cent Acts Have Entitled Them
Motion Before House States Thnt Re-
AUSTRALIA MAY LET DO\VX
THE BARS TO JAPANESE
CANADA'S PREMIER AND MOST DISTINGUISHED CITIZEN. WHO HAS COMB
TO CALIFORNIA FOR REST AND RECREATION AND WHO IS NOW IN SAN
FRANCISCO EN ROt'TE TO DEI. MONTE.
The band was playing when the trag
ic incident occurred. It was so start
ling that great confusion prevailed,
but doctors at once arrived and Chap
man was conveyed to his room. He
succumbed almost immediately. .The
body was removed' to a mortuary in
order to await the inquest, which will
take place Thursday.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.— Elverton R.
Chapman, the young man who commit
ted suicide in a sensational manner in
a London hotel last night, was the son
of E. R. Chapman, senior member of
the firm of E. R. Chapman & Co.,
bankers, of this city. <
Young Chapman had recently gradu
ated from Oxford. He visited his home
here early in the present year. Dur
ing his. stay here he appeared to be in
excellent health, both physically and
mentally, and his friends say they are
unable to account for his strange ac
tion in taking his life.
LONDON, Nov. 29.— Elverton Chap
mnn. aped 23, whose home is' in New
York City, committed suicide last night
at the Carleton Hotel by throwing him
self from the third floor landing to
the vestibule, where he was shockingly
mangled on the marble floor: pHis- skull
was crushed, one arm shattered and
there were other injuries from which
he died in terrible agony within a few
minutes.
Chapman arrived at the
from Paris last Saturday, accompanied
by his valet. He complained of ill
health and the management suspected
that his mind was unhinged, so a man
was detailed to watch him. Chapman
remained in his room all Monday. After
dressing for dinner last evening he left
his room, and, upon arriving at the
head of the staircase, suddenly eluded
the attendant, sprang forward, cleared
the banister and fell three flights to the
ground. The vestibule was filled with
well dressed men and women who were
proceeding to the dining hall. In his
fall he narrowly escaped striking the
wife of the Mexican Minister, General
Callardo.
BANKER'S SON
ENDS HIS LIFE
The boycott had been declared on Oc
tober 5 because McCrosky would not
accede to the demands of the union
regulating wages and hours of pay.
Pickets were placed around the place
of business and circulars were sent to
the firm's customers requesting them
to withdraw their patronage. The firm
employed more than forty . men, only
six of whom belonged to the union,
and these six were called on strike. The
witn-ss said he had seen the pickets
take his men by the arms and argue
with them, and interfere with their
work There had, however, been no
violence. He said that the union men
in his employ had told him that they
were afraid to go to work for fear of
the union.
. H. W. Hutton, attorney for the un
ion, attempted to question McCrosky
regarding what he had said to B. B.
Rosenthal. business agent for the un
ion, at the time the demands were
made, but the questions were ruled out
on the objection that the evidence was
hearsay. Judge Hebbard instructed
Hutton to desist from examining upon
union and non-union issues, as the
point in the case related only to the
injury of the acts complained of.
. Edward Parker, an employe, testi
fied that he was a member of the un
ion, but withdrew from it when the
boycott was ordered.
After Parker's examination the court
asked Hutton to present his side of the
case. He responded that he had no
evidence to offer, whereupon judgment
was ordered entered for . the plaintiff
granting a perpetual injunction.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted a
perpetual injunction against the Uphol
sterers* Union, Local No. 28, which has
been boycotting the Crescent Feather
Company. The trial of the case open
ed Monday morning, but was interrupt
ed by Isaac Selby's vengeful attempt
to take Judge Hebbard's life. Yester
day morning Leonard H. McCrosky, vice
president and manager of the feather
company, testified as to the union's
acts under the questioning of Attorney
Bush Finnell.
Judge Hebbard Grants Per
petual Order Against the
Upholsterers' Organization
ANOTHER UNION
IS ENJOINED
Official returns of the late election !
are now in the hands of Secretary of !
State Curry, and at his instance State
Printer Shannon has completed a list of
the members of the next Legislature. ;
The document issued by the State;
Printer is interesting to look upon, as It
fhows better than words can tell of the
extremity to which the Democratic
party in California has come.
In the list of forty Senators the names
of but five Democrats appear, and one
of these was aided in his successful
fight for office by the Union Labor par
ty. And neither of th°s<? five was elect
ed at the last all getting into
office before the late Republican land
slide sworn the State from end to end.
Tho list of eighty Assemblymen also
Firms only five Bourbonites recorded
among the number. They constitute a
minority hardly large enough to raise a
pood-sized howl against what they may |
choose to call repressive measures when
th? time comes for Uvmxi to ask for
something-. In consequence it is hardly
probable that they will even go to the
tmuble of organizing as a unit of op
position.
The list «if Senators and Assembly
men as issued by the State Printer is
as follows:
SENATORS.
Nan» ar.d Tarty. District. Address.
Anderson. John N. <R.) 39 fanta ATa
Bsu*r. Hamilton A. rR • 22.. Pan Francisco
Belabaw. C. M. <R.) v Antioch
Brouphton. Hcward A. (R.J. 35 Pcir.ona
Bunkens. Harry iD.-U.L.). . 18.. San FYanclsco
Carter, henry E. (R.) 37 Los Angles
Oocslss. CliSfcrd (R.) 2 La Moine
CttrdB. J. B. tO.> 12 Scnora
TiIfr?. Marshall <D.) 6 Marysville
Krr.ir.ons. E. J. (D.) 32.,... Bakertfield
French. Frank <R.) 20.. San Francisco
GreanreO, C. B. <R.) 33.. Santa Barbara
Hahn. Bt-nj. W. ilt.> Sfi Pasadena
Has-kinj-, Philip J. <R.) .24.. San Francisco
Irish, John B. <R.) • 3 Downievllle ''
K p ane, George B. <R.) 23.. San Francisco [
Leav'.tt. Krar.k W. (R.) 1« Oakland !
Leek*. Wm. T. <R.) 30 Ontario ;
LukfTis, 'J. R. <R.) , 15 Oakland ,
Lyruh. Rcwy \V. <R.) :.S1 Lynch
Markey. Frank A. <R.) 17.. San Francisco
Mattos. J. G. Jr. <R.) 4 13 Centerville
McKee, James A. (R.) 7 Sacramento
ItoCBter. A. E. <R.) 11 Stcrktcn I
Kelson, John H. «R.) 25.. San Francisco
Pendleton. C. W. <R.) SS Los Angeles
Ralrton, Wm. C. (R.) 10 Me'.onrs
Itambn. Ssmufl H. <R.) 2H.. Boulder Creek
Row ell. Oifsrt-w <R.) 2« Fresno
Rnafc Benj. F. <R.) S Sui5\m
S.;ir.' rd. J. B. <D.) 4 rkiah
Savase, William H. m.)....3t San Ptdro
Tr.os. H. <R.i 1 Eu^ka
Shortridge. i.'hus. M. (I.R.).C8 San Jrwe
Sirr.pFtm. M. W. <R.) 14 Alameda
Ward. M. L. <R.) 40 Chain Vista
"W.lch. Richard J. <H.» ]!*..San Francisco
Wolfe, Edward 1. cR.> 21.. Pan Francisco
Woodward. E. F. <R.) S Santa Rosa
Wright, Ell <R.) 27 San Jose
ASSEMBLYMEN.
NAME. Wst. Address.
Arr.eriK*-. E. R. tR.) I4 Fulierton i
Anthony. Marc <K.) 4.'>..San Franc!ge<» |
Ariierich. Paul «R.) 55 L*o* Gatoa ,
Atkinson, Thomns E. (R.).. 3y . .San Francisco ¦'
B«rn«, F. W. <R.) .« 78. . .Pacific Beach
Bitts. J. Clem (H.) 47 Alame-da i
B-ards!ee. R. L. <R.) 23 Stockton
B<-»kftt. Samuel H. tR-).. 3$. .San Francisco '
Bl;ss. Jchn A. <R.) 50 Oaklanl '
Boyle. Patrick J. (K.) 32.. San Francisco I
Branj-tetter. '.. -;- P. <R.). 3 Ferndale '
Burke. John J. <R.) 4» (Oakland
Busick. Cbar!«? 6 O. <R.) 17 Sacramento
Chandler. W. V. <R.) €0 Fowler
Cleveland, George C (R.)..54.... Watsonvllle i
Cophlan. Nathan C. (R.». .. 41 . .San Francisco
Cooper. J. B. R. (R.) 5» Monterey
Co>le. James L. iR.) 1 Hornbrook '
Crti«hton. J. H. iR.) 4 R^dJing \
Cromwell, F. A. <R.) 13 Petaluma
Cullen. Jchn A. <R.t 29. .San Francisco 1
Devlin. Frank R. <R.) 20 Vallejo '¦
IXirsey. Jesse R. < R.) IK Bakersfleld I
Drew. A. M. <H.) .<;1 Kresnj
l>urjea. Frank A. (R.» 10 Lincoln '
Elli, Harry (R.) 22 Stege ,
E*p*j-. R. H. E. (R.) M Oakland!
Ertudlllo. Miru^l <R> 78 Riversida i
G^ns. H. S. (R.) 5 Red Bluft 1
Gates. L>r. W. F. «R.) 7 OrovlIIe
Guodrlch, John A. <R.) 6J Pasadena
Hartman. Gu« (R.) 40. .San Francisco '
Hawking, N. A. <D.) .16 Woodland'
Held. \V. D. L. <R.) « Ukiah :
Houter. Fred W. (R.) 74 Los Angeles
Jtrvis. Ward iR.) 5<J Santa Clara ;
Jchn. Warren M. «R. > «3..San L. ObHpo '
Johnson. Per^y A. <ft.) W> Failbrook '
Johm=tone. W. A. (R.) «S San t>:mas
Jones. C. V. <D. » 2tt Sonora i
Joc«s. Fred C. (R) 17. .San Francisco
Jury. R. H. <R.) 53 San Mateo
King. P. S. tit.) 15 Xapa.
Krimtnineer. J. H. <R.)... <5 Los Angck-s
Lucey. Jereminh <R.) 31.. San Francisco
Lumiey. Avbrcy M. <D.)....2T Pcrtenille
Lynch. EdwarJ J. (H.) 1». Walsh's Station !
aunwell. L.. T. (R.j S Wheatlani
BfGOBZtaqr. H. S. G. <R.)..72 Lcs Angeles
McGowan. Georce A. m.).^ 42.. San Francisco ;
ilcKennry. C. H. (R.) 11 lone 1
McN'amara, Francis (R.)... 30.. Fan Francl*.o i
Meincke, fYed J. iH.) S3.. San Francisco \
Mindham, Wm. J. iR) 2S..San Francisco!
llitchelfree. Fajc-tte (R.)... 57 Palo Alto
Moore. J. W. <K.) .24 Und;n<t !
O'Brien. Frark J. <^R.) 18 Sacramento 1
Olmtted, E. H. (li.) 21 San Rafael!
Perkins. David T. <R.) €5 Huenema ¦
Pfaeff.e. Etirene E. (R.) 3«. .San Francisco j
Prrscct*.. Frcnk C. <R.) 76 Redlandu :
Prycr. Jchn F. <V.) C2 Hanfoni
Pile, K. M. <R.) 64..SanU Barba-a •
Rolley. Gecrre T. (R.) 2 Eureka;
Severance. Fred V. (R.). . . 34. .San Francisco
BlavSn. Jamet (R.) 5« San Juan :
Blanton. Ptllip A. fR.) 71 Lo« An?el-»
BtrobrKl^e, E. K. (R.) 46 Haywards
8tmhl. Lou'.s (R.) 45..8an Francisco 1
Thompson. New ton W. CR.) 69 Alhambra,
Transue. J. P. <ic» -73 Los Angelst
Tread* ell, E£w. F. (R.). .. 35. .6an Francl»co
Tripp. H. L. <n.) 14 Santa Rcsa,
Vogel. Mel (R.) 44.. San FrancUco
Walsh. Philip M. <R) 4S Oakland
Warte. William H. <R.) 52 Berkeley
TV-yanfi. i:rne»t (R.) 12 Colusa.
W},:tinr. tXv. r. <R) 9... Grass Valley
Wl'-k-rehara. Wm. lit fR.). 70 San Pedm
Yckum. Fred W. <D." 25 Merced
Apropos of the decisive defeat of the
Democratic party at the last election an
amufilnp note Is sounded by E. N\ Bax
ter of Wawona, Mariposa County. In
a letter to Timothy Spellacy, chairman
of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, Baxter said:
"There has been bo much talk of the
Republican banner, I would like to
Selby evidently seemed to think he
had talked too much about the affair
on Monday. His attitude was much
milder yesterday.
"I do not wish to discuss this matter
further," he said. "I have said all I
want to say already. Judge Hebbard
wronged me. I thought that the step
I took was the only way to get jus
tice in this country."
Judge Hebbard held court yester
day in the room where he was so
close to death. As he leaned back in
his chair his head at times rested on
the spot through which Selby's bullet
crashed on Monday. Crowds of friend3
visited him to congratulate him on hi3
escape.
Selby is held on $5000 cash bail or
$10,000 bond. Evidently he expects
to be bailed out, for he inquired par
ticularly on this point. Judge Ca
baniss instructed him as to his rights
and informed him that an attorney
would be appointed for him if he
could not hire one. Selby asked if he
could have a copy of the State Peru.l
Code, which indicates that he may at
tempt his own defense.
He asked that the case be continued
to give him time to hire an attorney.
Judge Cabaniss decided to hold it
over till next Thursday, though the
prisoner wanted more time.
"I may not be ready to go on with
the case at that time," he said, "but I
will be ready tohearwhat evidence
the State has against me."
"With downcast head and trembling
limbs, Isaac Selby, the ex-clergyman
who attempted 'to kill Judge James C.
B. Hebbard in his courtroom on Mon
day, faced Judge Cabaniss yesterday
to be arraigned for the crime of as
sault to commit murder. Judge Hsb
bard did not appear in the courtroom,
hut he visited the jail in the afternoon
to take a look at the man who tried
to kill him. No words passed between
the two.
The Astor suit is against the com
pany, the real estate cents, A. Bosch
ke (inventor of the dredge and presi
dent c-f the company) and C. W. Clarke,
who loaned Boschke $5000 and took the
£1,000 shares as security. The. money
has not been repaid and Clarke adver
tised the stock for sale yesterday. The
plaintiff, Astor, says that 16.000 of the
hypothecated shares belong to her and
that there is a scheme afoot for Clarke
to get the property at far below its
value.
The other suit is brought against the
same defendants by Charles F. Blan
din, owner of 100 shares, which he val
ues at $5 each. He recites that he has
options to buy 12,765 shares and has
given his note to the company for
$4475 10 for payment of a 35 cents a
share dividend, which. will become due
January 9 next. He also claims to have
an option for tho ' purchase of 51,000
shares more, and if the other stock
holders will join him they will repre
sent 94,341 shares— all that are out
standing. Then he says he is willing
to redeem the stock hypothecated to
Clarke if given an opportunity to do
so. He says the dredge will have a ca
pacity of 20,000 cubic yards of dirt a
day and its daily profits will be $500.
Therefore it is too good to lose. Be
sides the injunction and damages he
asks that not more than 5010 shares of
the stock shall be used to liquidate the
Clarke loan.
The advertised sale by Baldwin &
Howell of 51,000 shares of stock in the
Western Dredging Company was pre
vented yesterday by a temporary re
straining order rranted by Judge Hunt
at the i..::tance of a woman. A. L. As
tor, who claims to be the owner of 16,
000 of the shares. An order to show
cause why the injunction should not be
made permanent was made returnable
December 9, when a lively light will
probably be under way for the control
of the corporation. Another 'suit involv
ing the affairs of the same company
was begun for another injunction and
5943,410 damages. The large sum de
manded is based upon the par value
of the stock outstanding and held by
94 stockholders,' but the highest mar
ket value placed by complainant on
th<? shares is half that figure, while the
real assets of the corporation are said
to be worth about $10u,000. This is the
value or' a dredge now in Oakland es
tuary upon which $Sl/.42 57 has already
been expended and which will be ready
for work in six weeks.
to Be His Own Attorney
Prisoner Wants Lawbpoks
and Will Probably Try
Inventor .Borrows Money and
the Shareowners Refuse to
See Property Sacrificed
E. X. Baxter of Wawona Seeks
Possession of Banner of
Party That 3Iet Defeat
A PLEA FKOX 3IAREP0SA
ASKS FOR PENAL CODE
AFEAIES IN A TANGLE
Woman Claims to Own Shares
of Dredging Company to
Be Sold for Indebtedness
Only Ten Bourbonites Are
Entitled to Seats This
Session in Both Houses
Man: Who Attempted to Kill
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard Is
Held on a Grave Charge
FEW DEMOCRATS
IN LEGISLATURE
STOCKHOLDERS
PREVENT SALE
ISAAC SELBY
IS ARRAIGNED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1904.
Sir Wilfrid Laurier Seeking Rest
CANADA'S PREMIER
REACHES THIS CITY
5
: gyp, j. fcijTox. co.
Testf rday-ji mall brought the pleasinir
VSZZZVZT* Ot th * reco^ry from
Bright s Disease of Mr.. Irene Under-
wood of Haverhlll. Ohio. She writes that
she was taken down in April, the phy-
sician pronouncing her case Chronic
Bright s Disease and incurable SaM
she might live a few months, but the in-
dications were that she would not She
then turned to Fulton's Compound and
sent to J. J. Schott & Co. of Galveston
Texas, for it. Took four bottles before
noting any change. It then began to
bring her out wonderfully. i 8 now on
the twentr-second bottle, and writes to
pay that she now feels well again has
gained twenty pounds since May *i s as
strong as ever and wants to know if
the can now leave off the diet.
She was directed to gradually drorj
the treatment and the diet. •
Commonly the first notice of Bright's
Disease is kidney complaint, and of Dia-
betes, physical weakness. If you have
either send for pamphlet to the Jno J
Fulton Co.. 409 Washington street, San
Francisco.
- _¦ Ap\T£KTlSK3JJSXTS.
Sickness rarely comes to homes that use
Liquozone. And no one can keep well
without it. Won't you try a bottle— free?
Liquozon C is n4t only for sick peo- does. It is a nerve food and blood j %™t™Zr VTOV ' 7 S'tS" I
nl«» 'Millions of well people Use it to food — the most helpful thing in the Eczema— Erysipelas Tuberculosis
keep well. Nothing else in the world world to you. Its effects are exhilar- £££-££ stone. Tunjors-uicr.
is SO gOOd for" yOU — SO vitalizing, ating, Vitalizing, purifying. let It IS Gonorrhea— Gleet Women's Diseases
MntViino- «»ke can ward off jrerm at- a germicide so certain that we pub- ah diseases that begin with fever— au ia-
JNothing CISC can warn uu &cnu at * * - Kntti* -n nffpr nf W nammatlon— all catarrh— all contagious dls-
tacks. hsh On every bottle an ? tter ot >\°°? eases-all the results of Impure or poisoned
Everv day in every family there is for a disease germ that it cannot kill, blood.
*'**'<¦"/ • T . . .^ fnr... TVi» t-Mcrm ic tVi->*- o-frme arc vp<7i»t- In nervous debility Liquozone acts as a rt-
something for Liquozone to do. There Ihe reason is that germs are vegei vMn iCCOI ,p llsblni w & t no a™,, c» a d(X
is headache to be stopped by it, : a ables; and Liquozone— like excess of
cold to be warded off, a wound to be oxygen— is deadly to vegetal matter. SOC-Bottle Free.
healed 'Drinking water is purified by There lies the great value of Liquo- 7-~ v
if stomach and bowel .troubles arc zone. It is the only way known to If you . need Liquozone, and have
instantly ended; languor is at once kill germs in the body without killing never tried it, please send us this
overcome. When you don't feel well the tissues, too. Any drug that kills coupon. We will then mail you 3n
Liquozone will usually do more than germs is a poison and it cannot be order on a local druggist for a full-
anything else ; for you. And.it will taken internally. Every physician s j ze bottle, and we will pay the drug-
save nearly all of your sickness. For knows that medicine Is almost help- gist ourselves for it. This is our free
your own sake, let us show you what less in any germ disease. gift, made to convince you; to show
a constant, what a wonderful' help i , , «"*««••• I\:«.,w.-,o.*» you what Liquozone is and what it
it is, - GeriTl Diseases. can do. In justice to yourself, please
u/o Paid $1 OO OHO These are. the known germ diseases, accept it to-day, for it places you un-
We ruiu ?iw,vruvr An that medicine can do for these demo obligation whatever.
For the American rights to Liquo- trou bles is to help Nature overcome Liquozone costs 50c and $1
zone. We did this after testing the the ger ms, and such results are indi- " r
product for two years, through physi- j rect an( j uncertain. Liquozone attacks CUT OUT THIS COUPON
cians and hospitals. Alter proving, in t^ e germs, wherever they are. And for this offer may not appear again, fiu
thousands of difficult cases that when the germs which cause a dis- 1 "^" 11 ™!!.?^. 111^^ 1
Liquozone destroys the cause of any ease are destroyed, the disease must ' ' A '' CUcasa -
germ disease. 1 end, and forever. That is inevitable: My disease- is........
T in.mTnnp lias for'morr • rhan on I have never tried LJquozone, but lr you
Liquozone nas, ior more tnan 20 ABthma ,, Ilav FeV er— muuen*a win supply me a w>c. botti* fee* 1 wiS
years, been the constant subject Of Abscess— Anaemia Xldney Diseases take It.
scientific and chemical research. It is B^hm. 8on uc G 0^ a
not made by compounding drugs, nor Brighfs Disease Llv-r Troubles
with alcohol. Its virtues are derived Bowel .Troubles Malarlu-Xeuralcla •
solely from gas-largely oxygen gas- gSSSSSS?*- SS^SS t »SK bl " ¦ ••...... i."..-
by a process requiring immense ap- Colic — Croup Pleurisy — Quinsy 514A Glv full address — write plainly.
«ar J a*iiV*n»r-T/!'V1avi' 1 tim«' • Th*. r».'cnlf' Constipation . • Rheumatism . -
paratUS and 14 aays time. me result Catarrh _cancer Scrorula— SyphlUa Any physician or hospital not y«t usin*
IS a liquid that docs What Oxygen Dysentery— Diarrhea Ekin Diseases Uquczone will be jladly supplied for a teat.
FRAGERS ..
Remember This Is the Last Wednesday
There WU1 Be
"Something Doing"
at* Pragers. Don't* Miss It*
Take Lunch in our Ice Cream Soda Section
Opens To-Day
C^tflTG (Mala Floor— Next to Casdl**.)
~ The most delicious glass of ice
(Fourth Floor.) cream soda in the city 5c
A splendid menu and A beautiful and well ap-
dainty service. pointed department.
Store in |CB» ALWAYJ reliable | Holiday
the West, I W MARKET&iJONES STS\ Specials
FOR A
(hristnwsjrejent ¦
Always reaay: <lr.*s not dnp. l»ak
nor sweat. Self-31Un? and does
not soil the tinkers. $;t.O<» up.
W e also carry the WATERMAN"
IDEAL. FOUNTAIN PEX, ?2-".«»
U3.
Latest styles, shapes and color-
Ings In
FINE WRITING PAPER, in boxes.
Suitable for Christmas presents.
the box. ROc. *
FINE LEATHtR GOODS
PEGGY BAGS. In all stylish
leathers and colors. 25c to $5.0O.
Card Cases and Wallets, as low
as 50c.
Shopping Bass. In all plain, fancy
and novel leathers. 25c up.
Christmas Cards In great va-
riety. Price* from 5c up.
Mall orders promptly filled.
That Man Pitts.
T. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST. Opp. Fifth.
San Francisco.
U. S. BRANCH. "
STATEMENT
— OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
•—OF THE—
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D.. 1903. and for the
year endlnx on that day^as mad« to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State cf Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by th« Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $2,174,460 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. . 321 00O CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4.453,133 9.1
Cash In Company's Office 3 B81 4O
Caah In Banks 706.371 13
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 82,933 13
Interejt due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgage* 759 e3
Premiums in due course of Col-
lection 885 22*> 97
Rents due and accrued 7 574 •*»
Due from other Companies ror Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 43 "00 M
Amount receivable under Perpetual
PoIlcles 1.173 64
Total AMets $3.&a.KC I*
LIABILITIES. ~~ ? ""*
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1 $53,121 5a
Lo»aea 1* process cf Adjustment or
In Suspense 317,124 27
losses resisted, including expenses 64.253 SO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $::. vift .
203 !W: reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,719,601 08
Grogs premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $4.S37.-
09S 81; reinsurance pro rat* 2:582.449 41
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on persetual policies 134 1 en <o
Liabilities under the Life Depart- *"•*"" *»
ment joo 553 33
Duo and accrued for salaries, rents.
All other Liabilities !!!!!!] 23s!638 19
Total Liabilities I5.339,ll9~3a
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $4,995,753 13
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 33,207 13
Received for Interest aad dlvld«nda
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, »cd
from all other sources 156,172 43
Received foe Rents. 33.192 61
Total Income W.24O.327 at
EXPENDITURES. ~~ " " *
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $550,222 52 losses of
previous years) $2,473,890 34
Paid or allowed tor Commission or
Brokerage 831.083 33
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
- charge* for officers, clerks, etc. . 333,264 27
Paid for State. National and Local ,,->.-
Taxe* - 152.087 34
All other payments and expendi-
tures S33.67O 37
Total 'Expenditure* $4,191.004 90
Losses Incurred durlnsr the year.. $2,480,331 64
Risks and Premiums Fir* Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of !
1 Risks written ;
¦ during the year. $668,608,923 84 $7.30©.7U OS
I Net amount of
1 Risks expired
during the year.. 713.006.432 56 7. 01S. 137 30
Net amount In
force December
31. 1003 802,583.883 04 8.326.302 7 «
E. F. BEDDALL,^:. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to befor* ma. tills 22d
day of January. 1904.
EDMUND HARVET. Notary Public.
Head Office Assets $66,967,331 M
Fir* Premium Income. 1903 $14,241,704 00
Agents Tbrouchout the World.
Pacific Department:
Rojal Eoilding. cor. Pins and Sansoms Sts.
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
ROLLA V. WATT. . . .... Manager
JNO. T. FOGARTT. Ant Mcr.
F. B. KKIjT.AM. BrancU Sec'ty.Continued on Pago 7, Column 5.
They went to the center and exchanged lefts
to the head. Corbett then swung a vicious
light to the head and Nelson retaliated with a
left upperciit to the Jaw. Nelson rushed Cor
bett to the ropes, landing lelt and right on
the ex-champion. As they squared off Nelson
After some uparrlng both missed lefts and
they went to close quarters. Nelson getting la
left lightly to Corbetfs face and ducking a
vicious right uppercut. Corbett rushed to a
clinch and In some vicious Infighting Nelson
placed some good lefts on Corbett's body and a
right to the Jaw. Nelson was short witn
straight left. Corbett rushed, feinted with
left and drove his right hard to Nelson's head.
A similar blow went wild and they again went
to close quarters, mixing it without damage.
Quick as a flash Corbett hooked his right ta
the Jaw and Nelson retaliated in kind with
right to the face. Corbett then changed his
tactics and tried straight lefts for the Jaw.
Out of flve attempts two were successful.
Corbett was bleeding slightly from the mouth
as the gong rang and the men went to their
corners. The honors were practically even.
ROUND ¦THREE.
ROUND TWO.
Corbett walked coolly to the center. Nelson
was the first to move, missing- left and right
swings for tS.e Jaw. Corbett lunged out wick
edly with right, but was short. Nelson nearly
slipped to the floor in avoiding the blow. Cor
bett cleverly ducked a tremendous left swing
and then chopped his right to Nelson's face.
They sparred for some time, apparently sizing
each other up. Finally they went to close
quarters without damage. Corbett rushed in
viciously, but missed right and left for tha
body. Nelson «hot his left lightly to the face
and in a mix sent right to Corbett's body.
Corbatt then swung his right to the head heav.
lly and the bell found them in a fruitless
mix-up. No blows of consequence were landed
In this round. Corbett was very cool, while
Nelson was a trifle anxious.
Following is the fight by rounds as
recorded by experts:
ROUND ONE.
Just How Battling: Nelson Conquered
Young: Corbett.
THE FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
ed to b« returned a winner and wanted
as large a share as possible.
Billy Roche again distinguished him
self In the critical position of referee.
He watched every move of the fighters
and did not interfere with them by
breaking them unnecessarily. A.f ter the
fight he said It was the greatest con
test he had ever seen. Billy Jordan was
in unusually fine voice as announcer,
and Jere Dunne, the famous New York
sporting man, held the watch for Nel
son.
They at once went to close quarters and Cor
bett planted a vicious right oa the body.
Both swunc viciously with right aad left, but
none of the blows landed. Nelson continued
to force- Corbett about the rtag and against
the ropes, mostly with his head and shoulder.
"While In this position Corbett got in some
good short-arm blows, a left to the Jaw and a
right uppercut to the face. Corbett received
a straight right on the nose, but Corbett drove
In a telling right to the body. Nelson brought
the blood from Corbett's nose and mouth,
landing several terrific left and right short-arm,
blows. Corbett fought back wildly. Nelson
kept after Corbett. landing almost at will.
The gong sounded with Nelson landing
straight lefts and rights to Use ex-champion's
After some sparring Corbett was short with
right for the body and they went to close
quartan. Nelson shoving Corbett about the
ling with his head on Coruett's shoulder. Nel-
Gon swung his left hard to the head and Cor
bett was wild with a right counter. It looked
as if Corbett Invited Nelson's blowa- in order
to clear the vay for his wicked right. Cor
bett crossed twice with left to the face and
In a mix Nelson whipped his right to Cor
bett'a Jaw. Nelson forced Corbett against the
ropes, but the latter uppercut right to Jaw
that sent Nelson back. In the center of the
rinse Nelson sent straight left to the face,
and as the bell sounded repeated the dose. Cor
bett's nose was bleeding slightly as he took tls
seat. The round was about even.
Nelson swung right to the head and Corbett
missed a fearful right uppercut for the Jaw.
They went to close quarters and Corbett missed
two short arm swlnss for the Jaw. Nelson
forced Corbett against the ropes and .then
around the ring, landing almost at will on
Corbftfs head and face. Corbett stalled and
then in some heavy in-flght!ng Corbett put
right and left to the face and body. They
fought shoulder to shoulder, both missing
fierce right and left uppercuts. Nelson lande-i
left and right swings to the Jaw. but Corbett
straightened Nelson out with straight right
to the Jaw. Corbett followed It with right
and left swings as the bell rang, which made
Nelson groggy. He was a bit unsteady as he
went to his corner. Ccrbett's work at tne
close of the round offset the lead gained by
Nelson In the early stages. When Corbett sent
hie right and left tb the face and Jaw th«re
wa» a world of power behind them.
ROUND FIVE.
ROUND FOUR.
sent a straight right to th« Jaw and follo-we-1
it with left swing to th» face, making Corbett
wince. Nelson forced Corbett to a neutral
corner, but the latter got clear and they fought
to the centar cf the ring at close quarters.
Corbett landing several punches on the face.
Corbett suddenly sent two terrino rights to
Nelson's Jaw and they mixed it fiercely. Nel
son then forced Corbett around the ring, but
received a straight right to the face. Ccr
bett swung a fearful right to the face as ths
gong rang. The pace In this round waa fast.
Whllo Nelson landed mow frequently, Cor
bett's blowa tad the steam behind them and
he succeeded in evening up the honors.
Quite a goodly number of ladies
was out on the Presidio golf course
yesterday morning, but only four
handed In their scores in the 18-hole
handicap medal play that is the first
event of the winter season on the
schedule of the Women's Annex of the
Ran Francisco Golf and Country Club,
if iss Ives won the prize - with a . net
score of 99, ; her nearest competitor
being Miss Drum with a net score of
109. The details are given In ; tha
following table:
~~ ' 5 s t 1
COMPETITORa -0 2 • £! •
I: I : » : i
ft v " •¦.• "? . .-•
Miss F. Ive» ;.. 65 M 109~10^~nro
Miss Drum 60 fll 121 12 fO9
Mrs. W. G. Miller 52 61 118 0 118
Mrs. Leroy Nickel....] 63 J 6T 185 14 131
Only Fonr Ladles Hand In Their Cards
In- Handicap on Presidio
Links.
MJSS TOES WINS FIRST
GOLiF EVENT OF SEA6ON
First race — Five furlongs two-year-olds,
eellinf :
7456 Babow (Ferguson) 101
Cascades (Rogers) 105
7444 Velna (Van Gorden) 101
74S1 'Edna Sullivan (Sullivan) 96
7427 'Anita Knight (Spratt) 06
7456 'Sun Rose (Appleby) 96
7425 'Mizpah (Summers) 96
747a Golden Buck (Schorr) 101
7450 Baker (McAllister) 104
7473 Kl Paieano (Strobel) 104
73S4 Glenflnan (Murray) 108
'Lady Greenwood (Cahlll) 100
....Prince Magnet (Miller) 1U8
6?92 Iron King (Hanson) 108
*A Lady (Dodge) 96
Second race — Seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. celllnr.
7472 'Profitable (Winter*) 104
7420 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 109
7479 'Inspector Munro (Fox) 103
Kimberly (Chapp*ll) 100
7426 'Vigoroso (Appleby) 104
7462Gaucho (Garden City Stable) 100
7479 Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) 103
7428 Constable (Stockton Stable) 109
7466 'Pcnzance (Stover) 104
7311 Toto Gratiot (Thompson) 112
7469 'Bay Wonder (Wilkerson) 104
74*5 Step Around (Boyle) 109
Third race — Five and p. half furlongs, three^
year-olds and up, selling,
7455 Innsbruck (Smith) .112
(74C7)'Dr Sherman (Hoppas)...'. 107
734U 'Pencil Me (Groesbelm) 104
7439 Ertraza (Chlopek) 109
74WMonia (Eaell) 10*
7448 Edlnbcrough (Stover) 112
7451 King Dellls (Tate) 100
7469 »BelI Reed (Fitzgerald) 104
7407 Batldor (Fine) 109
(7346)Urbano (Boyle) 109
7129 Crigrli (Gruwell) 104
7439 Motto (Shannon) 109
5812 •Glenarvon (Summers) 104
7402 *Tannhauser (Hayes) 99
Fourth race, ona mile, three-year-olds and
up. handicap:
7464 Ananias (Schorr) 108
7464 Arcade (Jennings) 104
74S9 Judge (McAlester) 103
7458 Gateway (Burnett) »6
(7454)Elllott (Daly). n«
Fifth race, seven furlonrs, three. year-olds
and un, eelllnir:
7410 'Shorty Kane (McCarthy) ....100
7400 San Lutlon (Walworth) 109
7470 Instrument (Balrd) 100
7479 Revolt (Ruiz) 100
74K2 'Bronze .Wins (Fountain) ..104
7480 Follow Me (Mosler) ...100
7472 Sugden (Sturgeon) ....100
7249 'Goldfinder (Lynch) 104
7459 Hlpponax (Dean) , 109
7462 'Vulcaln (Ezell) 107
7480 Moreng-o (Maryland stable)... 104
7452 Hindoo Princess (Polk) io»>
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up, selling;:
(7487)»MaJor Tenny (Piedmont stable) ...... 99
(7482)»lsabelllta (McNamara) 104
7430 'Anvil (Murray) pfl
74C2 Dungannon (Knebelkamp) »7
7472 'Fille d'Or (Appleton) 104
7468 Flying; Torpedo (Ezell) 104
'Apprentice allowance.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
TKACK NOTES.
No business of importance was
transacted at the meeting of the stew
ards held last evening.
W. Davis again piloted two winners
yesterday. He finished second on
Kigrette and third with Briers.
Mickey McLaughlin was fln*d $25
by the judges yesterday for rough rid
ing. At the start of the last race on
Monday Mickey, who rode H. L.
Frank, cut across his field, seriously
Interfering with Magrane, the mount
ol Davis.
Starter Dick Dwyer placed Silver
efcin on the schooling list
Davis, who rode Briers, lodged a
claim of foul against Joe Kelly, the
pilot of Major Tenny. It was not al
lowed. In the very next race Military
Man, the mount of Davis, had a close
call from being 6et back for interfer
ing with Gateway. Horses become
very tired racing over a muddy track
and officials naturally use a deal of
discretion in dealing with complaints
of foul riding.
Frank Sullivan Is apparently play
ing in hard luck. It must be remem
bered, though, that he is a very light
rider and not possessed of the required
nmount of strength to show at his best
when riding horses in muddy going.
He will pick up shortly.
James Dyer, who has been train
ing horses In Austria for several sea
eons, was a visitor at the track yes
terday.
A carload of horses was, due to ar
rive at Oakland last evening from Los
.Angeles. Among the lot is Clover
l^nd, a useful performer on the New
York tracks.
Emmett Ix>ague Is rldlngr in first
rate form for a youngster without a
press agent.
BEXNINOS, D. C. Nov. 29. — Results
First race, seven furlongs — Australina won,
Neptunus second, Greencrest third. Time, 1:29.
Secend race, six funongs— Applaud won,
Hawtrey B«cond. Only One third. Time, 1:17.
Third race, steeplechase, about two and a
half miles — Woden won, Woolgatherer second,
Walter Cleary third. Time. 5:07.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Bohemia won,
Novena second. Grand Duchesa third. Tlma,
1:16 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile and forty yards — Brlar
thorpe won. Conkling sacond, Panlque third.
Time, 1:451-5.
Sixth race, on* and three-sixteenth miles—
Graziallo won, Arrah Gowan secend, Proceeds
third. Time, 2:03 3-5.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 29.— Results:
First race, flve furlongs — Old England won,
Escutcheon second, J. W. O'Neill third. Time,
1:01.
Second rac*. half mile — Simplicity won, Lady
Consuelo second. Idle Tears third. Time*
:4S 2-5.
Third race, aeren fur lone s — Ooa Heldont
won. Fozmead second, Vlona third.
Fourth race, one and an eighth mllep— Th«
Regent won. Scnoma ' Belle second. Ttankln
third. Time, 1:55 2-5.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles — Hy
mettus won. Montpeller second, Latheron third.
Timo. 2:07 8-5. *
Sixth race, one mile— Janeta won, , King's
Trophy second. Edith May third. Tim*,
1:*X 1-5.
BIG FIELDS AT OAKLAND
Nelson's career in the ring has been
meteoric. Up to a year ago he was
meeting all comers around Chicago in
six-round bouts. The mere matter of
weight meant nothing to Neleon, who
did not care how big they were, nor
how hard they could hit, so long as -he
'could make a little money foe those to
whose support he haa contributed. He
first attracted the attention of fight
promoters in this city by defeating
Spider Welch at Salt Lake. He was
then matched with Canole, whom he
defeated. He then defeated Eddie
Hanlon here, after which he went to
Butte and vanquished Herrera. He
seems to have no class as a boxer, but
he makes up for this with his ability
as a rugged fighter.
Corbett's indomitable gameness won
for him the sympathy of the spectators.
For three rounds he, staggered about
the ring, hoping against hope that the
tide might be turned in his favor. Nev
er for an instant did Nelson let up on
him, showing no quarter, thinking only
of the fruits of victory that were with
in his grasp.
These last rounds demonstrated that
while Nelson's blows are terribly ef
fective in wearing a man down he did
not have ' the knockout punch This
might be partly due to the fact that
he did not steady himself when he had
Corbett helpless in front of him and
put all his driving power into one blow
but spread it over a number of punches'
The attendance was not up to the ex
pectations of the promoters, the total
gate receipts being $11,743. Of this Nel
son as the • winner takes the Hen's
share, amounting to $5284 35. As the
loser Corbett received $1761 45. The
Hayes Valley Club, which promoted the
affair, received as its share $4697 20. The
fighters received 60 per cent of the gross
receipts and then divided that 75 per
cent to ; the winner and 25 per cent to
the i loser. This division was made at
the suggestion of Corbett, who expect-
There was never an instant when he
was not trying, and Corbett was never
able to make him break ground. The
harder he was hit, the faster he came
back. After the fight discussion was
rife as to the showing Nelson will
make with JBritt when they meet next
month. It is conceded Britt can hit
Nelson, but what effect the Califor
nian's blows will have on his opponent
remains to be seen. In the pas,t Britt
has worn down his men with his left
to the body, but only the actual con
test with Nelson will develop whether
he can find a flaw in the Dane's
armor.
Nelson carried the fight to him from
the outset and was on top of his man
at all times. So much so in fact that
Corbett found it difficult to hit him ef
fectively. Corbett did try one or two
desp"erate swings, but his judgment of
distance was bad and they went wide
of the mark. . Not all of his blows
missed, however, as he hit Nelson on
the jaw and on the body hard enough
to kill an ordinary man. The Dane is
made of stern material and Corbett
might as well have been hammering
away at a hitching post for all the ef
fect his blows seemed to have on Nel
son. As in all his fights, the farther
the Nelson went the stronger he
seemed to become.
ALWAYS FIGHTING.
and the little Denverite found he could
not afford to give his 'hard hitting op
ponent such a chance at his body.
After a few moments Corbett was
afraid to swing, as Nelson beat him to
it each time. > -
BATTLING NELSOX. WHO STOPPED
YOUNG CORBETT IN TENTH
ROUND OK THEIR K1GHT.
The fight proved a surprise in more
ways than one. The bettors made Cor
bett 6 to 10 choice originally and this
price was finally hammered down to 4
to 10. It was expected Corbett would
outbox Nelson, ; but he did not do so
at any stage of the game. Corbett
tried his old tactics, going. in with his
head down and then winging his hands
over his opponent's head. As soon as
he tried this, Nelson peppered his body
Neleon kept after him and pressed
him r.bout the ring, 'having him in a
groggy condition, in wnich he vcould
not defend himself nor hurt Nfelson.
When the eighth round opened thexnen
sparred for a moment for an opening
and then Corbett rushed In with his
head down. As he started to raise his
head Nelson butted him. This pro
duced the severe cut over the eye and
for a time Corbett could hardly see
for the blinding effects of the blood.
Nelson went after him steadily and
kept landing both right and left to
the body and the head. Nelson caught
him one right hook to the jaw which
seemed to make him desperate, and he
swung wildly, only to get three blows
in rapid succession to the head. When
the gong sounded the end of the round
Corbett staggered to his corner. Nelson
did not show the slightest evidence of
fatigue when he went to the center of
the ring i:: the ninth round. Corbett
landed a left to \ the Jaw that made no
impression on Nelson. The latter came
back with a right to the jaw and then
fairly rained blows on Corbett. Toward
the end of the round the latter was
backed up against the ropes and did
not- have sufficient- strength to raise
his gloved hands above his waist The
spectators were already commencing to
murmur "stop the fight."
When the tent'i and what proved to
be the last round opened it was ap
parent Corbett had no chance of re
cuperating. Nelson went at him vicious
ly, trying everything to land a decisive
blow on the jaw. He tried rights and
lefts and had Corbett tottering when
Harry Tuthlll Jumped in the ring and
saved the game Denver boy from any
further unnecessary punishment. Ref
eree Billy Roche said after the fight
that he was prepared to stop it had not
Corbett's seconds acknowledged the de
feat of their man. .
MANY SURPRISES.
NELSON PERSISTENT.
Battling Nelson took a giant stride
up the pugilistic ladder of fame last
night by stopping Young Corbett in ten
rounds In Woodward's Pavilion. From
the third round the little Denverite was
on the down grade from the relentless
body blows showered on him by his
opponent. The latter scented victory
early In the fight and an intense look
blazed In his eves, the only sign of
emotion which showed in his otherwise
expressionless face.
While Corbett looked fit for a severe
struggle when in his street clothes, the
moment he rtripped for the fray the fat
about his body indicated all too plainly
that he had not taken sufficient work
in his training. He lacked condition,
and when opposed to a persistent,
dogged fighter like Nelson this was
fatal. To show how badly Corbett was
beaten up, it was necessary for him to
go to the Emergency Hospital and
have three wounds stitched. One was
in the back of his head, another over
his left eye and the third on his upper
lip.
While Corbett was on the down grade
for a number of rounds, the turning
point in the fight came early in the
seventh round. Corbett had not recov
ered from the terrible , beating he had
received in the previous rounds and re
ceived a crushing right to the jaw.
Practically from that time on he hardly
knew what he was about. His face was
puffed badly and the blood was stream
ing from various wounds and gave him
a gory appearance.
OAKLAXD-^Tuesday, Nov. 29. Weather fine. Track muddy. _
74S5. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; 4-year-olds and upward; value to first ?325.
Index! Horse and Owner. WtjSt. tt.~tt~%7 Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
<74t9;.Berendoe, 6 (W. Scharetg) 111|~7 77. 6 6 8 1%4 3 1 1% W. Davis.. 3 13-6
74U1 ;Aiben:ar!e. 4 <J. Qulnlan).... 1111 2 ... inll In 23 J.T. Sheehn 6 12
7439 ;i5ard Bxxrr.s, 6 (ORourke) 119 1 1 ... 2 2V-2 n 3 n 3 1% Dominlck:. 6-2 21-5
7421 .Step Around, 4 (Mrs. Boyle).. Ill 6 ... ft ia"5 n 5 Vt 4 » [Holbrook .. 20 «0
7474 ;Aairondack. 4 (H. Shannon).. Ill 6 ... 4 n ti u 0 6 5 2VaiTuUett 8 3o
742S :Gv lanthus. 4 (Mrs. Coffey) Itll 3 ... 76 78 78 64 |Helgesen .. 8 16
74oD jEur. Towers, 5 (Stocktcn S)..ilO6 4 ... 31 4 % 2 h 78 jMcLghlln . 7-5 ,11-5
7391 IThorndale. 4 (W. M. Murry)..|lll 8 ... S 15 S 15 8 15 8 10 Howard ... 30 100
(7455)|Flajuier. t> (Blamchi & Co.)...jlll 0 ... 9 9 9 0 F. Sullivan. 5 _ 10
Time — :21»i, :50. L:16& At poet 8^s minutes. Off at 2:21. Berendos, Dlaee, 9-10; show.
2-8. Albemarle. place, 4; show, 8-5. Bard Burns, show, 3-5. Winner, b. g. by Friar
Tuck-Snow Blossom. Trained by J. M. McN&mes. Scratched— Karabel, San Lution, Sir
DougaJ, Doublet, Blackthorn. Start bad. . Won easily. Second driving. Third stopping.
Berendos delayed start by his antics at post. He ran like a good mud horse. Albe
marle seems to be rounding to. Delay hurt chances of Bard Burns with his weight up.
Step Around ran a fair race. Adirondack did not. Galanthus won't do. Too much
weight for Sterling Towers. Flaneur away very badly.
74SO. SECOND RACE — Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds: value to flrat $325.
Indfx! Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. hi. %^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. CK
(7427)|Del Carina (R. A. Smith) jlOli 2 ... 4 2%3 1^1 2«£1 2%|Qreenfleld . 13-10 3-5
74C8 Cardinal Sarto (Summers Co.)!101| C ... 2 *i 2 n 2n 2% |McLghlin . 10 15
7iC8 Platt (Stevens & Son) 100 1 ... 12 13 3h 37 J.T. Sheehn 10 16
746S Bose Eley (Blpgame Bros.)... 97 4 ... 3 1^4 5 4 5 4 9 Crosswaite 15 40
7473 Rof*bcurne <E. Wright) |1W> 7 ... 76 7 7 6 Vi Kunz 50 100
742S iMaui cf Fcrmoy (T. Fox) | 02 5 ... f. % ."» •% 5 3 64 F. Sullivan. 100 100
7427 (Herthus (V. Gilbert) 1 99| 3 ... GO (J (J 03 7 Loague 100 200
74'!3 jSllvergkln (Brlnhworth Co.)..|104| 8 .'. . S • fW. Davis... _9-10 7-10
Time— :25. :t>C^,, 1:1.5. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:46. Del Carina, place, 2-5; out show.
Cardinal S&rto, place, 4; show, 6-5. Platt. show. 4-5. Winner, ch. f. by Del Paso-Carina.
Trained by R. A. Smith. Start tad. Won in a drive of three. 'Pulled up. Del Carina
is a very shifty Mies and will take a lot of beatinz. among platers. Platt couldn't
stand the i*ace. Sarto Is better than a fair one. Bose Eley can do better with a
stronger rider up. Silverskin bolted toward the inner rail at start and is now on the
schooling list. i
74f»7. THIRD RACE— One mile and 50 yards; selling:; 3-year-olds and up; value first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IVVtJSt. H. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7470 jMajor Tenny, 5 (Piedmont S.)ll04] 3 11 12 13 1 lyil 1% J. Kelly .. 2 9-5
7470 ,l*lay Bail, 3 (M. J. Daly)..t. 104 2 2 % 4 1 4 1 3 2 "2 1 W. Daly .. 10. *
• iM |Briers. 4 (H. E. Rowell) 104| H 5 1 5 1 0 2V44 2*43 6 W. Davis .. 8-5 2
7474 |Brennus, 4 (S. Judtre & Co.).. 113 1 4 1 3 n 3^2^47 Bell 6 7
7470 jPetroila. 4 (Belknap & Cc.).. 109 9 7n 75 75 54 58 Loague 30 * 30
7419 Mosketo, 5 (G. Strobel) 109| 0 3^2 1%2 n 6 2 61% Helgescn ... 20 25
-436 :Col. Ballantyne, 6 (Ronaldson). 113 4 65 64 63 75 7h Domlnick . 5 7
7301 Dusty Miller, 3 (Sheridan).. |102 59 9 8n8n84G. Bullman 30 60
7*70 JPoloahiy, 4 <Edward» & Oo.)..|lU) 7^8 nl8 n- 8 or»*: 9 Sherwood ... 30 50
Time, :25, :5(>Vi. 1:17. 1:44^, 1:47%. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:CS. Tenny, place, 4-5;
show. 9-20. Ball, place. 2; show. 1. Briers, dhow, 2-5. Winner, b. g. by Tenny.Roee.
* rained by F. McMahon. Scratched — Laocoon. Start good. Won ridden out. Next two
driving. "Major Tenny galloped into the stretch but had to be shaken up at tha end.
Play Ball no excuses. Briers doesn't call for much in her present form. Bell, who
rode Brennus, was criticized for a sleepy sort of ride. Col. Ballantyne no account.
74SH. FOURTH RACE— One mile; purse; three-year-olds; value to first. |325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. }4 . %/ %. str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
74K5 '{Military Man <T. G. Ferguson) 103 5 4 l'/i4 2^2 1%1 3 1 % W. Da via .. 4 13-2
74G5 (Giwway (E. E. Burnett) l<*)4 32 3h312H24 F. Sullivan 2 11-3
.47. I Whoa Bill (V. Gilbert) 103 3 5% 6 6 5 6 3 1HLoape.... 15 20
74C5 Rowena (Gaylord & Co.).... 100 2 12 14 In3n 4n J.T. Shehan 16 30
<4.8 ,Ishlana (C. T. Henshall) 100 1 2 2^2 n 5 H 4 H 5 8 IKunz 2 9-5
<476 jBlue Eyes (P. Sheridan) 100 6 6 5 n 4 h 6 6 |W. Knapp . 8 18-5
Time. :24«4. :49%, 1:16. 1:43%. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 3:34%. Man.- place, 8-5; show,
1-2. Gateway, place, 7-10; show, out. BUI, show, 2. Winner,- ch. c. by St George-
Fan Fare. Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Start good. Won cleverly. Next two driving.
Military Man cut In on Gateway last hundred yards and narrowly escaped being dis
qualified. Gateway was best and with a stronger rider up could not have lost. Rowena
quit. It must be sloppy footing that Ishlana fancies. Blue Eyes could not untrack
here?lf in the going.
T48t>. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; handicap; all age»; value to first, $400.
index) Horse and Owner. (WtjSt. M.. %T '%. str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. cI7
7471 ] Venator, 4 (H. E. Rowell)... 106 4 ... 1 n 12 11 11% AnderBoiTT. 5 7
fl4PS jNlgmte, 4 (W. B. Jennings). 101 5 ... 7 % 5 % 2 1^2 2% W. Davis.. 4 8
7434 (Judge. 3 (J. J. McAlester).. . 104j 1 ..; 6 2%C Vi 5 1 3 1% H. Michaels 10 13
5460 jPadua, 3 (Molera & Joseph).. !•<» 6 ... 4 h 4 1 3 n 4 h McLaughln 20 25
(Oo09) ( Arabo. 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 113 3 ... 3n3n 4h5% Domlnick .. • •
7471 Ker.ilworth. 6 (H. Stover) ... 104 7 ... 5 1%7 4 74 62 W. Knapp.. 15 20
(7423)|A. B. Cook. 3 <BtnflId & Ellis) 112 2... 25 24 61 73 J T. Shehn 8-5 7-10
j Invader, 2 <C. T. Henshall).. «7 9 ... 9 82 86 86 Kunz 4 7
7451 1 Redan, 5 (G. Strobel) 107 8 ...8 19 9 9 Helgesen .. 15 13
Time— :24?4, :50%. 1:09. At post 1% minutes. Off at 4:00%. Venator, place, 5-2; show,
1. Xigrette, place 2; show, 4-5. Judge, show, 2. Winner^ ch. g. by Brutus-Playful.
Trained by H. E. Rowell. Start good. Won all out. Next two driving. Venator Is a
fast one for a short route, Nlgrette closed very strong and will do shortly. Judge
ran a nice race, badly handled. Padua can dixpose of cheaper ones. Arabo had speed
and will take some beating next time out. Cook reeled oft a. panel or two and re
signed. 'Coupled with Xlsrette.
71S>O. SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth, miles; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Inaexl Horse and Owner. [WtjSt. %! %^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. ClT
G44S)j Byronerdale. 4 (J. M. Crane). 10C 2 1 1%1 3 13 12 11 W KnappT. 3^ 5
(7472) H. Honey. 4 (A. L. Austin). 100 1 3 h 4 1J£3 Vt 3 1%2 3 Anderson ..4 6
744C G. W. Trahern. 5 (Sumers Co.) 103 5 4 2Va2 % 2 1%2 % 3 3% McLaughln 8-5 3-2
7478 Evea G. 6 (Mrs. J. Coffey).. 93 4 2n3n5 4n4 1%F. Sullivan. 3 13-5
7470 Major Manslr. a (Brnkwrth). 10S 3 5 5 4 Hi5 5 |W. Davis.. 10 13
Tim*— :25%. :60%, 1:17, 1:44, 1:57. At poBt 1 minute. Off at 4:26%. Byronerdale place
7-5; show, 2-5. Honey, place, 8-5; show, 7-10. Trahern, show. 1-3. Winner b. g
by Jim Gore-Brlganza. Trained by J. Dixon. Btart good. Won all driving. Byroner
dale broke from the rail position, gaining two or three lengths at the Mart. O. W.
Trahern. Evea G and Major Manslr had to run up hill at the start, being on the far
outride. Honey came strong at the clone. Major Mansir likes a long route.
"Big BilJ" Knapp made a runaway
race of the closing mile and a furlong
selling event with Byronerdale, against
which 6 to 1 was obtainable. Anderson
brought Heather Honey along with a
rush, beating the favorite. G. W. Tra
hern, out three lengths for the place.
Garnet Ferguson's colt, Military Man,
took the mile purse run at odds of
€li to 1. He was piloted by Davis and
In a hard drive downed Gateway not
quite a lenpth. The latter woula have
won had Sullivan been strong enough to
do him justice. Mud was supposed to
be the forte of Isl^ana, on the strength
of which she was made favorite. After
a flash of early speed the filly died
away to nothing. Whoa Bill at 20 to 1
was third. Blue Eyes could not walk in
the going.
Later in the betting, when Major
Tenny became the center of attraction.
Briers went back a point and the Ma
jor enjoyed the call at 9 to 5. Joe Kelly
got the latter away well and cutting
out the psce from start to finish led the
10 to 1 chance Play Ball past the Judges
more than a length. Briers ran into
the show.
W, Davis appears to be quite a rider
for annexing the curtain-raiser, for, as
on the preceding day, he took the open
ing sprint with Berendos, second choice
in the betting. Sterling Towers, the
mount of Mickey Mclaughlin, was
made favorite, and while the mare dis
played some early speed she finished far
back at the end. Albemarle developed
a strong fancy for the heavy footing,
though easily beaten by Berendos. Bard j
Burns ran a fair third.
So sure were the smart ones that Sil- j
verskin would mop up that the gray's
price wa"s forced down from evens to
S to 5. This onslaught caused a slump
in Del Carina stock, the fillv's odds
lengthening from 6 to 5 to 8 to 5. Sil
verskin was on his bad behavior at the
post, and when Dick Dwyer finally re
leased the barrier the short-priced one
bolted toward the inner rail and was
practically left. Sam Greenfield on Del
Carina gradually wore down the lead
cf Plan, winning ridden out at the wire
from Cardinal Sarto, a 15 to 1 shot.
Because Davis was carded to ride
Briers the mare was installed favorite
for the mile and fifty yard selling af
fair, with a field of nine starting.
Andrew B. Cook, the "Hindoo of the
bushes," did a turn In the handicap at
Oakland yesterday that failed to get j
him a hand. Five and a half furlongs
ail conceded vias just his distance, and !
the 112 pounds assigned would bother j
him no more ili.xii ten pounds of !
feathers on the expansive back of an
elephant. That was good enough to
cult the most fastidious speculator, so
everybody unloaded on Cook at a
scant quotation. J. T. Sheehan rode
the favorite and got him away second j
from the barrier. He splashed along .
through the rr.uddy going for about j
six times the length of an Oak- j
land ferry-boat with Venator. th»
entry of Dr. Jitnvell, and then followed
an explosion that rocked the buildings
and rattled the crockery in half the
houso§ in Kmeryvilie. Andrew B. Cook
had blown up. Venator, exquisitely
handled by Anderson, kept plodding
along In the oven tenor of his way,
reaching the home goal more than a
length in front of Nigrette. The latter
coupled with Arabo formed the Jen
nings entry. Michaels landed Judge in
third place. ,
But it ehould not be taken from this
that the bush champion was the one
lonely favorite to become frustrated,
lor there were others. Sterling Towers,
Ishlana and G. \V. Trahern lingered
by the wayside to the disgust of their
admirers. The attendance was large
and betting brisk.
BY FRED E. MULIIOLLAXD.
Gateway Beaten by
Military Man in
Mile Event.
Fourth race — Ananias, Elliott, Ar
cade.
Fifth race — Sugden, Bronze Wins,
Hi PI ion ax.
Sixth race — IsabelUta, Fille d'Or,
Dungaiinon.
First race— Golden Buck, Babow,
Edna Sullivan.
Second race — Foxy Grandpa. Pen
za nee* Inspector Miinro.
Third race — Dr. Sherman, Bell
Reed, Edlnborouerh.
BY FRED E. MULHOLIiAND.
HORSES TH.A.T LOOK BEST
Fast Sprinter Runs
Unplaced in the
Handicap.
ANDREW B. COOK IS
NO LONGER AN IDOL
NELSON WINS FROM YOUNG CORBETT HANDILY IN THE TENTH ROUND, WEARING
HIM DOWN WITH HIS RELENTLESS AND TERRIFIC BODY BLOWS
Corbett Shows the Lack of Close Attention to Training
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1904.
CCT FOUGHT my best, but he beat me," said *oung Corbett. "I
T admit I was not in the best of condition and with some more
A training I tliink I can beat Nelson. He made a wonderful
showing and hurt m« with those body punches. I was gone in the
ninth round, but I did my best to stall and fight It out- I receiTed
a butt over the eye and the flow of blood bothered me.
CORBETT ACKNOWLEDGES HIS DEFEAT
£ ( Y WORE Mm down with those short jolts to the body," said
I Nelson. "It was the best fight I ever fought and I knew I
could win. After the seventh round I had Corbett at my
mercy. I went at him deliberately and knew I could wear him
down. He Is the gamest little man I ever saw and took an awful
beating without flinching. I am ready for Britt now, and will show
the people what I can do with him."
NELSON PRAISES GRITTY OPPONENT
The Victor Is Greatly Improved Fighter Over
His Last Appearance in the Ring
With Eddie Hanlon.
SAX FKANCISCO CALL'S RACING F0K3I CHART
6
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
« A
BEAUTIFUL
CUP
AND
SAUCER.
oc©o««o«aeo»©9©oo©©eooo««ocoo©ooo©eooooooo«oo
JJACK HORNADAYJ
I Professional Clocker •
2 * o
J Suite 224 (Fifth Floor), Parrott Bldg. p
• No. 855 Market St., San Francisco, CaL ®
i 1 == , s
: Yesterday I gave for a plunge to win: |
1 Byronerdale, 5 la '¦ win I !
2 . a
5 "What my message, as issued to all clients, said: 0
• "Byronerdale is pounds better in to-day's §
• going than on a fast track, and should win all g
S the way. Worth a good bet to win!" g
® Again my clients cashed on a good-priced winner. I said Byronerdale would a
9 "win all the way." and he did just what I predicted — led from start to finish and A
9 made a runaway race of It. making the favorite, G. W. Traiern. and the second JJ
9 choice. Evea O, look like the proverbial thirty cents. 99
I My COMPLETE MESSAGE yesterday gave TO WIN: |
| PLAYBALL,10tol,2d;PLATT,20tol,3d |
9 What my complete message said of What my complete mesaare said ef f>
9 Play Ball: \ Platt: ~ •*.»..- O
9 "Play Ball Is now fit as can be. "Platt ran his last race on his own f>
• Daly crowd will play him for a killing Ms Bt. Louis form. Ulll be cut loose •»
• to-day. Play straight and place." to-day. Play straight and place." *»
® Play Ball, on past performances in public, hadn't a look-in. With a little bet- 5£
• ter racing luck he would have won yesterday. J*
O Platt led for seven-eighths of the route and then got nosed out of second money. M
(Jj ¦¦ But the one-horse-wire is the thing! Look: O
I My One-Horse-Per-Day Wire |
9 My one-horse wire Js strictly a one-horse-per-day proposition. Dally It names {•
6 the day's ONE BEST BET at Oakland. Occasionally it picks a loser, but 20 years' O
£_ experience spotting one good bet each day has convinced me that this sort of
2 speculation gets the money on the racetrack when all others fall. For a safe, eon- «»
™ servatlve method of beating the ponies commend yourself to my One Horse Daily J?
9 Special. It's the goods. **
f» Twenty dollars invested dally on my ONE-BEST-BET-OF-THE-DAT at Oak- O
a land during th e first week of the meeting netted a clean profit of 12Z2. Ths same f)
7 play during the second week netted $123. ' f\
W Here is the record. complete of every STARTER given by me as MT ONE- X
O BEST-BET-OF-THE-T/AY last week and the week before. Every loser is accounted W
9 for as well as every winner. Oa days when ao horse is accounted for It was O
A either Sunday or my selection did not start. A showing Is made of the result of
2 a $20 flat bet: ©
3 I First Week I I Second Week I 2
I $20 Won $252 $20 Won $128 s
• ON MY GNE-KOHSE W.RE ON MY ONE-HORSE WIRE g
• l ' ' - 1 •
• riBST -WEEK. SECOJTD WEEX. O
• Nov. Horse. Odds. Result. Won. Lost. Nov. Horse. Odds. Result. Won. Lost •
A 14 — Felham ... 3 to S Won $ IS ... 21 — Estell* J. .6 to 5 Wan 24 ... O
A IS — Kevolt . .lOtol Won 900 ... 22 — HLPnuiOtol 2d ... 20 O
I 16 — Ishlana . . ltol Won SO ... 23 — Mindanao .6tol Won 120 ... A
5£ 17 — D. Carina 2tol Won 40 ... 24 — G. Money .8 to 5 34 ... SO «
g 19 — Bomb'd'r 13 to 5 3d ... S20 25 — Vesnviaa .6 to 5 Won 24 ... q
'• Total*..... S272 820 Totalg 3168 §40 $
I© Ket sraia flrit week 8252 Wet grain second weefe. .. S128 °
I TO=DAY! 1
© To-day I am going to onbottle the surest good-thlag winner that I have put *S
• over the plate to date. I am "In On the play." and I know that a week ago •
A Interested parties were dispatched to six dtlea to play this horse for as much monoy W
2 «" th *v could * at on - * tlmed thl * "baby" a mile in better than 1:41. and h« waa Q
S only breezing when he did it. "Go as far as you like to win, and to win only." A
V my wire will read on this one to-day. ,r
8 TO-MORROW! §
2 The price against my ONE BEST BET to-morrow will be fully as . good as A
X that which ruled against Byronerdale yesterday, and from what I know that the a
9 bookmakers don't know about this one you will be able to put down a bundle *Z
9 without Influencing the price half a point. This one is a "sleeper." He was readied V
a up at Latonia and shipped here with a view to making this coup. I can't see O
Z how he can toss it off. ¦ A
S Terms-$2 Daily; SIO Weekly. §
O Wire ready for delivery at 11 a. ra. Telegraph your subscription If out of town. •At a moderate price? One that looks
good and is good, or a dress suit case,
valise or traveling set? We have them
all in the best material and lowest
prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market
street. •
Do You Want a Trunk?
Margaret Wade, a widow 80 years
old, was suffocated by illuminating
gas last Monday night in her
room at 336 Turk street. She had re
tired at 10 p. m. in good health and
spirits. The valve of the gas burner
was partly open when her body was
found at 9 o'clock yesterday morning.
Her husband was a painter in the Fire
Department and died twelve or fifteen
years ago.
Octogenarian Suffocated.
FAMILY ALLOWANCE.— Judge Kerrigan
yetterday granted an allowance of $400 a
month to Fada D. Cornwall, widow of the
late Pierre B. Cornwall.
United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday issued a decree con
firming the report of United States
Commissioner Morse, deceased, in
favor of J. D. Spreckels Bros. Com
pany for $2852 56 against the ship
Musselcrag, together with costs and
interest from date of Judgment.
• In the cases of The Ship Drumcraig
Company, Limited, against the British
ship Loch Trool and the California
Stevedore and Ballast Company, de
crees in favor of theiibelants were en
tered and the cases were referred to
United States Commissioner Manley to
ascertain the amount of the damages.
It is alleged In the libels that the Loch
Trool on March 10 of this year broke
loose from her moorings and collided
with the Drumcraig. It was held that
the accident was not unavoidable.
Judge- de Haven Awards Damages In
Favor of Llbelants Against the
Musselcrasr and Loch Trool.
DECREES ARE ENTERED
AGAINST TWO VESSELS
Arrived Nov 28 — Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm II,
from Bremen; stmr Statendam, from Rotter
dam.
Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Main, for Bremen : stmr
Carpathia. '.for Naples, Trieste and Flume;
stmr Ovlc, for Liverpool.
GLASGOW — Arrived Nov 28 — Stmr Lauren
tlan. from New York, via St. "Johns N F
BREMEN — Arrived Nov 20 — Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm dar Qrosae, from New York via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg.
NAPLES — Arrived Nov 28 — Stmr Prlnseae
Irene, from New York, via Gibraltar, for
Genoa.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Nov 26— Stmr Sierra,
from San Franoisco, via Honolulu, for Sydney
QUEBNBTOWN— Arrived Nov 2&— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Memoranda.
Per wh »tmr William Baylies, from Una
laika, Nov 2&-8alIed Oct 22, had a iucces
•Ion of BE 6-alea and sot short of coal. ¦ Put
Into Coos Bay Nov 12 for fuel and provisions,
and was barbound for 12 days; sailed Nov 24!
and bad SSE sales for three days oil Coos
Bay.
Per Br stmr Wyefleld — Had 8 and SB srales
for the first three days.
8EATTLB. Nov. 29.— Stmr Jefferson, from
Skagway, for Seattle, broke propeller on Nov
27 in Graham Reach, and has anchored. Turs
will be sent from here to vessel. Passengers
arrived to-day on stmr City of Seattle.
VICTORIA, B. C, Nov. 28.— The 200 Chi
nese coming on the Br stmr Empress of India
to form part of crew of stmr Minnesota will
be boarded and lodged in one of the freighter
sheds at the Ocean docks here, under the car*
of the Dominion Customs and Immigration de
partments. The Canadian head tax of $500
each will not be exacted, the men being held
in bond until delivered to the master of the
Minnesota. Contracts for feeding the Chinese
are now being received from Victoria ca
terers.
The attorneys in the suit of the E.
I. du Pont de Nemours Powder Com
pany vs. the Peyton Chemical Com
pany appeared before United States
Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday
morning and reported that they had
been unable to agree upon the selec
tion of a person to examine the books
of the respondent. It had been agreed
that the examination should be made
for the purpose of ascertaining the
financial condition of the respondent.
Judge Morrow said that as he was
about to proceed with the trial of a
jury case he would invite the contest
ants to retire to his chambers for fur
ther deliberation or disagreement, as
the case might bf, and that If neces
sary he would detail a deputy Unit
ed States marshal to go with them to
keep the peace.
The counsel will report to Judge
Morrow this morning.
Report to Judge Morrow That They
Have Failed to Select a Person
as Examiner.
ATTORNEYS IN POWDER
CASE CANNOT AGREE
INSPECTOR OF CUSTOMS
KILLED BY FREIGHT TRAIX
3fajor Walter S. Alexander Decline*
to Discuss Question of His
Retirement.
The news of the resignation of Ma
jor Walter S. Alexander, U. S. A..
caused a tremendous sensation in
army circles here yesterday. It was
the principal topic of conversation at
division and department headquarters
at the Presidio and at Fort Mason. No
reason was given for the resiarnatlon.
Major Alexander said that he sent
In his resignation to tho War Depart
ment ten days ago and that he had
just been advised by Captain L. R.
Burgess that his resignation had been
accepted. He said he intended en
gaging In commercial pursuits and
had already received offers from sev
eral prominent firms.. Regarding hi»
reason for leaving the army, he of
fered no explanation, declining posi
tively to discuss the affair.
Lieutenant Creed F. Cox, aid to
General Moore, said that General
Moore knew nothing of the case, aa
the major's resignation had not been
forwarded through the Department ot
California. It had been sent direct
by Major Alexander to headquarter*
at Washington. At the Presidio sev
eral officers said that they had heard
that Major Alexander Intended re
signing, but they had not taken th»
rumors seriously.
Major Alexander was educated la
this city. He received his appoint
ment to West Point from this Stat»
and entered the academy July 1, 1875.
He graduated June 11, 1879. Several
years ago he was married to Miss
Fannie Lent. They only lived to
gether a few weeks when his wlf»
left him and the marriage vows w«r»
dissolved. Mrs. Fannie Lent, that
name the court allowed her at her
request, took her own life about a
month ago, aa has been reported la
the dally press.
Miss Wolfe Sings Pleasingly.
A large audience attended the song
recital given by Miss Ida Muriel
Wolfe last night at Century Hall. Miss
Wolfe was given a cordial reception
by her friends and was showered with
flowers after rendering several selec
tion*. Miss Wolfe was in splendid
voice and her selections were well re
ceived. She was assisted by Fre<l
Maurier Jr.. accompanist, and H.
Strelitr. cellist. '; •'¦;. ; -;
Martin G. Ritter Meets Violent Denth
at the Pacific Mall
Dock.
Martin G. Ritter, customs inspector,
a veteran of the Civil War, who had
lost a leg In the fight for his country,
was killed yesterday afternoon at the
Pacific Mail dock. Ritter -was caught
between two freight cars just as a
yard engine backed up to the train
to haul it out of the shed. The jar
caused the inspector to fall under the
wheels of the moving train and death
would have been instantaneous had
not the wooden leg of Ritter caught
under the wheels In such a manner as
to throw the man's body away from
the trucks. ;' • v '
The wheels passed over the artlfici'sl
limb, crushing it. to splinters. Ritter
was dragged along the dbek for some
distance, his head striking the plank
ing at every revolution of the car
wheel, in which his clothing had
caught. 1
The train was stopped before It had
gone very far and Ritter, stunned and
bleeding, was extricated from his dan
gerous position. He was removed to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where
it was found that his skull was frac
tured and that he had sustained se
vere internal injuries. Everything
possible was done to save his life, but
he died in a short time without having
regained consciousness.
Ritter, who was 60 years of age,
resided with his wife and daughter at
the Hotel Franklin. He has been in
the employ of the Government for
over twenty-five years in this* city,
working at the Mint for twenty-one
years, and four years as an inspector
of customs. The Morgue officials were
notified and, after an investigation,
permitted the body to be removed to
an undertaker's parlor.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes In the Postal Service in Cali
fornia — Patents Awarded to
Residents of State.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 29. — Samuel
D. Hobron has been appointed post
master at Coulterville. Mariposa Coun
ty. Cal. Shady Run postofflce, Placer^
County, has been discontinued, the
mall going to Towle. A star service
Tollhouse to Shaver is established and
the contract with B. L. Hansberger
annulled for service after December
13; the contract is awarded to S. I_,
Eversoll.
> The following patents were issued
to-day:
California — Edward Abramson. San Fran
cisco, Jar closure and fastener; Joseph G. Ori
son. Sacramento, music leaf turner; D. Best.
San Leandro. traveling Harvester; H. A
Brooks. Los Angeles, assignor to H. O. Clark.
San Francisco, gold saving apparatus; John
W. Dutton, Duttons Landing, two. ditching ma
chine; Nelson D. Sclander, Ean Francisco,
combination table and desk; Charles Sonnlcn
son. North San Diego, recording attachment
for* scales; D. X. Whiteside. San Francisco,
stamp milt.
Will Not Reopen Case.
BELLIXGHAM, Wash., Nov. 29. —
Judge Neterer of the Superior Court
to-day denied the motion to reopen
the prosecution against the Pacific
.American Fisheries Company.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Me
rlon, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. ;
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 29— Stmrs Ar
menia and Mesaba, from Liverpool ; stmr
Bluecher, from Hamburg- l
GIBRALTAR— Passed Nov 27 — Span stmr
Isla de Panay, from Liverpool, for Manila.
AMOY-Salled Nov 11-Br stmr Albenga.
lor New York, via Singapore.
ANCON — Arrived Nov 20— Stmr San Jose,
hence Oct 29.
BARCELONA — Arrived Nov 25 — Span stmr
Alicante, from Manila, for Liverpool
COLOMBO — Arrived prior Nov 2S— Span
C. Lopez y Lopez, from Liverpool, for Manila.
VICTORIA, B. C— Arrived Nov 20— Ger
stmr Menes, hence Nov 26, proceeds ' to Co
mox, B. C, to fill bunkers, after unloading:
500 tons nitrate here.
Sailed Nov 29 — Stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco.
CADIZ — Sailed Nov 14 — Ger stmr Denderah
for South America.
HONGKONG— Sailed Nov 29— Jap stmr
America Maru. for San Francisco •
MELBOURNE: — Arrived Nov 28— Ship Reuoe.
from Port Gamble.
. . OCEAN STEAMERS.
Br ship Thistle, from Hamburg, for San
Francisco, sailed Nov 19, but returned on ac
count of bad weather. . -
LONDON— Sailed Nov 14— Br stmr Tydeug,
for Seattle.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Npv 25— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
Arrived Nov 29 — Br stmr Algoa, hence Oct
HAMBURG— Sailed Nor IS— Ger stmr Isis
for San Francisco.
In port Nov 25— Ger stmr Luxor, to eall
December 3, for 3an Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS,
NEW YORK — Arrived Nov 29 — Br stmr
Heathcraig, from Baltimore; Br, stmr St
George, from Callao.
EASTERN PORTS
MANII*A— Sailed Not 29— Schr Commerce
for Port Townsend. "
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 28— Stmr Siberia,
from Yokohama, for San Francisco. J
ISLAND PORTS.
ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 28 — Schr Annie Lar
sen, from San Pedro. Nov 29 — FY ship Vill*
de Mulhouse, from Hamburg-. . -
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Break
water, hence Nov 27; stmr Alliance, from Coos
Bay; stmr F. A. Kilburn, from Astoria.
Arrived Nov 29 — Stmr Alliance from Asto
ria, and not as before reported.
BELLINGHAM — Arrived Nov 29 — Schr Wic
wona, from San Pedro.
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Ban Pe
dro. henc« Nov, 26.
Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Weetport. for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Nov 29 — Stmr San Pedro, for Re
dondo; schr Americana, for Portland; stmr
Fulton, for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr
Coos Bay, from San Francisco, and sailed for
San Pedro.
EUREKA— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Phoenix, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 29— Stmr San
Pedro, hence Nov 26; stmr Marahfleld. from
Eureka; stmr Chlco, hence Nov 27.
Arrived Nov 29 — Stmr Asuncion, from Re
dondo; stmr W. H. Kruger, from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 28— Ptmr Al Ki, for
Skagway; Br stmr Quito, for Yokohama; stmr
Montara for Ean Francisco.
TATO&SH— Passed in Nov 28— Ger stmr
Menes, hence Nov 26, for Seattle, etc
Pawed Nov 29 — Schr William Bowden, from
Kaichou, for Port Townsend.
Passed Nov 29 — Schr Wlnslow, hence Oct
22, for Everett.
PORT BLAKELEY— Balled Nov 29— Schr J
II Lunemann, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov 29, 6 a m — Stmr
City of Seattle, from Skagway; stmr City of
Puebla. hence Nov 26.
. Sailed Nov 29 — Stmrs laqua and Queen, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 29 — Schr J. W. Cllse, from
San Pedro.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Pedro; etmr Santa Cruz,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Nov 29— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer. for Eureka.
Per schr Wawona, from Belling-ham. Nov
20 — On November 17. in lat 33 N, long 125 W,
parsed a . British bark showing signals T F
P V, and wished to be reported all well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 29. 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind SE; velocity 4 miles per hour.
Tuesday, November 29.
Fr ship Ernest Reyer, Dleulangard, Lelth;
G. W. McNear.
Br ship British Isles, Barker, London; Bal
four, Guthrle & Co.
Br ship Clan Graham. Mclntyre. Port Town
send; J. J. Moore & Co.
Bktn Archer, Lancaster, Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
8AILED.
Tuesday, November 29.
Stmr Samoa, Madeen, Ean Pedro.
Stmr Jsmes S. Higglns, Hlgglns, San Pedro.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, Tacoma.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka, with schr
YIne in tow.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Etmr Whlttier. Dickson, Portland.
Stmr Empire, Burtls. Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Gray, Monterey.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar.
Bktn Archer, Lancaster. England.
Sehr Charles E. Fallc, Hennlngsen, Grays
Harbor.
Schr Vine, Dannevlg, Eureka.
Schr Bessie K, Stark. San Vicente Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Etmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Pafadena, Henricksen, 32 hours from
Eureka.
Wh stmr William Baylies. Cottle, 88 days
from Unalaska, via Coos Bay 6 days. -
Fr bark Canrobert, Le Roy, 64 days from
Newcastle, Aua.
CLEARED.
Cnracao Comes From Mexico.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Cura
sao arrived yesterday afternoon from Ouaymas
and way ports. She brought about 800 tons
of freight. Including the usual big shipment of
live turtles, and treasure valued at 1200,000.
Among the passengers was Captain Larsen and
the officers aad crew of the steamer Arrow,
late of Seattle. The Arrow was sold to people
In Ifazatlaa and '"attain Larsen Is returning
after delivering the steamer to her new own
ers. The Curacao brought forty-six passengers,
among whom were:
Sydney Sprout. L. El Smith, Manael Barboa.
Donato Barboa, Alfonso Barboa, Celido Urrea,
Lull frrea. Dolores Urrea, M. C. Urrea, Al
fonso Tcrrea, J. J. Benterlo. John Rooney. An
tonio Ruffo, B. Mlllard. B. Mlllard, S. T. Johns.
If. K. Johns. S T. Johns Jr.. W. D. Tre
tnxlne. Florence Trcmaiiw, ESlery O. Tremaine,
Scott E. TremaSne and Violet 8. Tremaine.
For Towing Coffee Barees.
Wi:i!ara Crrer. the Potrero boatbullder. Is
building a 45- foot tug for the Paclfle Mall Com
rar.y. The new boat is to be used for towing
coJT«* barges and freight lighters at one of the
Central American ports where, in th» absenoe
of whan-«i. frtlirM and passengers have to bo
ferried between ship and shore. As heavy seas
cr* frequent on this unsheltered coast the new
tug is being built cf unusual stoutness and will
t* equipped with powerful engines. Cryer has
;u*t rorrpWed a sixteen and a half knot launch
¦ or w. It. Tevls. for service on Lake Tahoe.
Finds Korea All right.
ACrclral Ken-.pS yesterday Inspected the Pa
rifle MaU Company's lln*T Korea and found
that vessel in good condition to care for her
fu'l ee— ip1«n*st of passengers In the event of
ar.y emergency. The Chinese crew was put
throcirii an exacting fire drill and the big liner
was incoected from bilce to hridre. Admiral
Kmpff congratulated Oaptain Seabury on the
excellent discipline maintained on board and
expressed himself as satisfied that the Korea
came up to the standard set by the Federal
!«w.
Makes Record Trip.
The Kovmos liner Memphis, which arrived
Monday night from Comox to finish loading for
Hair.tnxn. now holds the record for the best
t«seare from Hamburg to Tacoma. She was
Just lf>C days and on the way called at twenty
e*ven ports, either loadlry or discharging cargo
•onetime* doing both, at each port of call
<"*ptaln von Helms. th« commander of the
Memphis, is a nephew of Captain von Helms,
the pilot, and a cousin of Captain Nopander
the eo— lmander of the steamship Umatilla.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. 7 Due.
Redondo Portland & Aetorla [Nov. SO
Centralla Grays Harbor INov. SO
F. Letcgett... Portland & Astoria Nov. 80
Columbia Portland & Astoria Nov. E0
F. A. Kilburn Portland & Coos Bay. Nov. 30
Mor.ts.ra Tacoma- .TT. Dec 1
Chehal'.s Grays Harbor Dec 1
Del Norte Crescent City Dec. 1
City Sydney.. New York via Aneon.. Dec. 1
S. Roea Ban Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 1
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena D*o. 1
Argo Eel River Porta Dec. 1
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Dec. I
Corona Humboldt Dee. 1
Coos Bay Ban Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 3
Que«n Puget Sound Ports .... Dec. 2
E. Monica Grays Harbor Dec. 2
Gaelic China & Japan Dec. 2
Eureka Humboldt Dee. 2
Norwood Grays Harbor Dec. 3
San Pedro San Pedro Deo. 3
S. Barbara... Ban Pedro Dec. 3
Northland.... San Pedro Dec. 3
North Fork... Humboldt Dec. 4
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 4
Arctic Humboldt Dec. 4
Enterprise... Hllo IDec. 6
Faxonla Hamburg & Way Ports. |Dec. 0
G.W. Elder. . Portland A Aetorla .iDcc. S
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. S
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 6
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Dec. 6
Alaroeda, Honolulu D«e. 6
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. D«c. 6
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 7
Aurella Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 7
Siberia China & Japan Deo. 7
Newport.. .... New York via Ancon. . Dec. S
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Dt-Ktinatlon. Sails. Pier.
I • _____ ______
* Uovember 30. 1
Rainier Seattle A Everett. 4 pm Pier 10
Centralla. . . Loe Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Coronado — Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River I 5 pm Pier 20
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports.. 5 pmlPler 2
Vanguard . . Eureka direct 5 pm Pier 27
Homer Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 0
G. Dollar. .. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoroa. 5 pm Pier 20
December 1. I
Chehalls Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPler 3
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am'Pier IS
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pmjPier 2
BUte of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pier 11
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPler 2
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pta. 2 pm Pier 7
Umattlla... Pujret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Memphis... HaTKTrarg & Way. . 10 am Pier 19
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
December 3.
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
December 3. I
Northland.. Astoria A Portland|12 m Pier 27
Redondo... Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
S.Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
ArRO Eel River Ports...! 4 pm Pier' 2
Norwood... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
1 F. Kilburn. Portland & Way.. 4 pm Pier 27
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 6 pm Pier 8
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Korea China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am I Pier 54
Corona.... Humboldt l:30p|Pler 9
December 4. ,
8. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
December 5.
Coos Bay. . Ean Pedro It Way. . 9 am Pier 11
December 6.
Queen Puret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier d
December 7.|
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
December 8.
N. Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Q. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
December 10.
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier T
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Panta Ana SeWovia A Way Ports. Dec. 1
Cottage Cltr. . Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 5
Portland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Dec. 10
Farallon ' Skagway A Way Ports. Dec 10
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The F'PMich berk Ernest R«yer was cleared
yertertay for Lrtth. Scotland, with 73.044 ctls
barley, valued at fKS.SOO and 20,000 feet lum
**r s* dunnage, valued at $300.
An Additional Manifest.
A rr.aruWt was filed at the Custom-house
y^tf-niity r*r>r**entlng an addition 'to the
cario of the *team«r A«tec. which sailed on
Bwoaj for Yokohama and Kobe. The addi
tlor.a! canro consisted of 1000 kegs nails,
valued at 12718 and consigned to Kobe.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Sun, A loon and Tide.
VBixta states Coast and Geodetic Survey—
A G<TH»ral Cargo for London.
. t B 5 1tlsh tfcl * British Isles was cleared
'£J^ Z? n >«teraay with 64.481 cs canned
m'Si?i5! <3ned P™"*". &** Rals wine.
s»«2 i»l tttl!o V "• WB lb * cascara aagrada
BKZ..*> lbs a»pha.!tum and 1 nlor esnwL
000 feet of lumber a« dunnage, valued at *300.
Small Cargo for Honolulu.
in*. 2&2 bbls Hour. 200 ctl« wh» 9 » ««7 I.
barley. 715 ctl« corn 'A i ftSl ik V. M cti *
bbjMtT. 14 pfcg, fife.-^ 6
Time BalL
branch Hydrographlc OfJIce V B H w«
chants- Exchange. San ' Francisco' <£l*
November 29 1904 *'«^a»co, caL.
I *m. gsg at£g^SS@ffi
Lieutenant. U. 8 . N .. la *
ARRIVED
Tuesday. November 29.
Br »tmr Wrefleld. . Watson, 114 houra from
Nanainio.
Stmr Gipsy. Gray, 29 hours from Monterey.
Stmr National City, Hammar. 14 hours from
Ituselan Landlnc-
Btmr Porno. Ahlin. 12 hours from Albion, via
Point Arena 10 hours.
Etmr Whltesboro, Frederickson. 14% hours
r g tmr George Loomls. Badger, 4 days from
Seattle (Point Richmond direct.)
Etmr Samoa. SJadaen, 16 hours from Caspar,
bound south, put In to land passengers.
Pimr Navarro. Jacobs. 20 hours from West
°°Stmr Jame* S. Hlgglns, HigginB, 15 hours
from Fort Bragg, bound south,, put In to land
ia stmr" Arcata. llacgcnn, 72 hours from Coos
Ha y *WKH|^"S9BB4^^vti£sV
Ptmr Curacao, Poulsen, 12 days from Ouay
ma« via Mazatlan 44 hours. ¦
Stmr Bonita. Preble, 63 hours from San Pe-
Cro and way port*.
Movements of Steamer*.
OFFICER'S RESIGNATION"
CAUSES STIR IX ARMT
STEAM WHALER WfLLIAM BAY
LIES, WHICH ARRIVED YESTER
DAY WITH A BIO CATCH.
Jack Cordell was declared a winner
over Eddie Santry, the once great
feather-weight, in the second prelim
inary mill. The decision was a sure
hair-liner and stirred up the ire of the
fans, who were looking for a draw,
which undoubtedly would have been a
better decision. Both men were rather
slow and good, clean blows were lack-
Ing, though a hot mix-up was pulled
off in the eighth round.
The fast pace was started about a
minute before the gong tapped. Both
men forgot all about blocks and ducks
and began to rip in wallop after wallop
to the head and body. . Cordell had a
shade the better of the mlx-up.
Santry showed a little of his ancient
cleverness, but had no punch. He did
not start in till the fourth round, when
ho began to worry Cordell. Jack began
to use his left about the seventh and
had Santry wobbly near the finish.
"Cyclone" Kelly picked up an easy
one when Harry ? Kenny was sent
against him in the first warm-up of the
night. The latter did a sort of triple
flip in the second round when Kelly, of
fered to make a swing. Kenny took to
the carpet, and as he expressed no
willingness by sign or otherwise to get
up the referee proclaimed "Cyclone" a
winner. The gallery gods howled a few
volleys of disapproval, but soon forgot
all about the big dubs in the excitement
that followed.
Native Son.
Former Klnsr of Feather-WelKhts
Goes Ten Slow Rounds With
JACK CORDELJi BEATS SANTRT.
Time and Height of High and Low Waters j
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco i
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and lovr waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: tho height
of tldo la the samo at both places.
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER SO.
Pun rises 7:06 1
Sun sets 4:51
Moon rises - 0:00 a. m.
0 iTimej |Tlme| |Timel jTJme!
P Ft. |- Ft. | Ft. --=J Ft.
P 1H W| |L W| JH Wl 1L Wi
i(> 5:40) 6.2|U :38 2.3 5:30| 4.111:37j 1.1
1 «:30 6.3,12:47 1.7 6:52 4.1
L W H W L W H W
2 0:37 1.6 7:15 5.5 1:42 1.0 8:0S 4.4
3 1:32 1.8 8:02 6.8 2:37 0.3 9:18 4.3
4 J:23 2.li 8:47 6.0 1 , 3:30i-O.2ll0:10 «-6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights g^ven are la
addition to the- soundings of the United States
Coast Surrey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. Th« plane of reference U the mean
of the lower low waters.
Weather Report.
<12Oth Meridian — PaclAo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 29—8 p. m. '
The following Maximum and minimum tem
perature* are reported for th« previous day:
Cincinnati B4-42 Philadelphia .. .Missing
Boston Missing Washington ...Missing
Jacksonville ...Missing New York 38-24
St. Louis 70-50 Pittsburg 62-32
Chicago 44-28 Honolulu, H. I... 78- 70
New Orleans 66-64 1
SAN FRANCISCO 66-52
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared vlth those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty- four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka .00 8.23 14.08
Red BlufT 00 10.47 8.45
Sacramento 00 7.39 8.66
San Francisco 00 8.43 4.42
Fresno 00 6.00 0.6$
Independence .00 0.4S 0.42
San Luis Oblspo 00 4.T1 0.60
Los Angeles... 00 1.14 0.43
San Diego 00 0.17 0.07
THE COAST RECORD.
g g b g i ti
STATIONS. !, |f|5 |f f, |
i I II I f
Baker 30.04 44 32 SB Cloudy .00
Carson 20.96 CO 24 NE Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.70 64 44 S Cloudy .00
Fresno 29. 00 62 40 SB Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.08 88 16 NE near .00
Independence .29.96 62 38 S Cloudy .00
Los Angeles... 29. 94 72 6* SW Cloudy .00
Mt Tamalpals.29.S8 67 48 8 Clear .00
North Head... 29. 60.. 64 48 E Cloudy ¦ .00
Phoenix .29.90 78 4« ' N'W Clear .00
Pocatello .....80.10 48 24 E Cloudy .00
Pt Reyes Lt..20.T4 60 63 SB Clear .00
Portland 29.68 62 42 E Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 29.88 62 42 BE Pt.Cldy .00
Roeeburg 29.66 48 42 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.90 06 48 N'W Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake 80.08 B0 28 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco. 29.90 66 62 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San L. Obispo.29.94 74 46 .8 Pt.Cldy .00
Ban Diego 29.90 68 60 8W Clear .00
S.E. Farallon.29.84 60 63 8 Cloudy .00
Seattle 29.72 62 42 8 Cloudy .01
Spokane SO. CO 46 80 B Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 48
Walla Walla.. 29. 92 40 82 8 Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .80.00 54 20 NH Cloudy .00
Yuraa 29.90 78 48 NB Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly along the.
coast from San Francisco northward and there
are Indications of the approach of a depression
of considerable depth and wide extent. South
east storm warnings are displayed at all north
ern points on the coast and advisory messages
have been sent to southern ports.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November SO:
California north of Tehachapl — Rain Wednes
day; brisk southerly winds, probably high on
the coast.
California south of Tehaohapi — Cloudy, threat
ening weather Wednesday, possibly rain by
night; light east winds, changing to southwest.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day, with rain; brisk to high southeast wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Wednesday,
possibly rain by night; fresh southerly winds.
Sacramento — Cloudy Wednesday, with, rain;
brisk to high southerly winds.
Fresno— Cloudy Wednesday, probably rain by
night; fresh southeast winds.
A. Q. MoADIE, District Forecaster.
The 3econd semi-annual meeting of
officers and representatives of develop
ment organizations and Chambers of
Commerce in California will be held in
| Pasadena December 17. This meeting
j will be unique In that it signalizes the
! success of a movement to effect a prac-
I tical plan of co-operation. There are in
California, no less than 146 of these or
ganizations. They expend large sums
in local improvements and in advertis
ing resources and products. All of this
money is raised by public subscription,
and the contributors share results with
the rest of the community in its in
creased prosperity.
The purpose of the semi-annual meet
ings Is to further co-operation. This re
lationship has already been established
in the formation of county promotion
committees throughout the State. And
it is said that California has the most
effective Bystera In this line of any
place In the world.
The first meeting of officers was held
in Sacramento on June 18 last, when a
resolution was adopted providing for
the formation of a. Counties Promotion
Committee by the California Promotion
Committee, to consist of the various
county committees.
In accordance with that resolution
the formation of the counties commit
tee of the different counties has been
generally adopted. Besides members of
the counties committee an invitation
has been extended to members of all
development organizations in tho State
to be present. Members of the State
Publicity Committee and the advisory
committee of the California Promotion
Committee will also attend. The theme
of the meeting will be "California Pub
licity." Addresses will be delivered by
men from all parts of the State promi
nent in development work and general
discussions will take place. Governor
Pardee has been Invited to open the
meeting. Special railroad rates will be
made from all parts of California.
At the Sacramento meeting there
were present delegates who had come a
distance of 600 miles, and It is expected
that the attendance will be greater than
that of the first session.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 29.
A letter has been received from Iso
Abo, superintendent of the athletic do
partmenl of Waseda University of Ja
pan, expressing a desire to arninge an
international baseball match between
Stanford and the Japanese university.
Waseda University won the Intercolle
giate championship of Japan and Is
represented by a strong team.
The Japanese team prefers to have
the game take place in San Francisco.
There is a strong probability that ; the
match will be arranged. In case the
University of California does not care
to enter into the arrangement it Is pos
sible that Stanford will undertake the
matter alone.
MIKADO'S MEN
PLAY BASEBALL
PROMOTERS ARE
READY TO MEET
"You don't have to know nothing,"
the runner told him. "Being a clerk,
the captain will most likely want you
to keep his books and tally the whales
as the boys herd them alongside.
You'll make $100 a month clear, any
how, and it's more likely to be $200
or $300 a month. You'll see the world
and when you come back you can buy
a hotel of your own."
The green hand is wide awake now,
and if his share of the bone and oil
amounts enough to buy him a suit of
clothes and a ticket to San Luis
Obispo he will leave San Francisco
Eatisfled.
One of the ereen hands told yester
day of the gilded dream which de
luded him into seeking easy money in
the Arctic. He had been clerk of a
hotel at San Luis Oblspo and was on
a visit to San Francisco when he met
the runner who was gathering a crew
for the Baylies.
The whaling steame.* Williarr
Baylies, the last of ;he olubber '.iunc
ers to return to port, arrived yester
day with the results of a auecess*iU>
cruise stowed away in her hold. The
cruise was a success as fa~ as owner?
and those officers whose intor2st In the
cargo is based on a fair percentage
are concerned. For the sreen hands,
*he rajr-tafi: and bobtail of the *ore
oastle, however, the financial sain
will be small. They have put In nine
months of hard work under conditions
so uninviting that only because ..heir
vessel was entirely surrounded oy
deep and unfriendly waters have they
dally answered to their names ant
performed the duties assigned to
them. They have had a long ride,
and when the final settlement is made,
when the charges against them in the
slop-chest ledger have been deducted.
It will be a lucky "green hand" that
get* SI 5 out of the seven whales he
he!ped to chase and capture.
The William Baylies brought home
1 0,000 oounds of bone and 400 bar
rels of oil. She lost only one whale,
which gt>t away by diving under the
ice. She left Unalaska a month ago.
Strong southeasterly gales were en
countered, and November 12. being
f-hort of fuel and nearly out of pro
visions, the ran Into Coos Bay for
enough food and coal to carry her
to this port. The heavy weather
that drove her into Coos Bay camped
on the bar outside of that port, and
for twelve days the whaler was bar
bound. She got away November 24
and fought southeasters all the way to
to Golden Gate.
A three-hone race between Flo Bob.
Bragg and Chub furnished the most
interest, the horses finishing in the or
der named in the good time of 1:47 for
the mile and a sixteenth. Gold Rose
proved herself a cracking good two
year-old by winning the fifth race front
Cutter, Ralph Reese and Tyrolean in
the order named. Gold Rose went to
the front at once and led all the way.
Summary:
First race. flT» furlonga. two-y«ar-old« ar.4
up. ielllag— Interlude 112 (E. WaUh). 7 to 1.
Won- Bath Beach 115 (J. Booker). I to 2.
•econd; Mlsa Provo 115 (W. Narvae*). I to 1.
third. Tlm«, 1:01%. Potrero Grande, Carlisle,
Effervescence, C. P. Waterhous« and Brlgstta
alv> ran. ,.
Second race, live furlongs, two-7ear-old» ana
up selling— Katherine Ecnls 113 (H. Smith).
3 to 2, won; Mr. Dade 88 (Hlldebrand). 8 to
5 second: Lanark 10T (Lawrence). 7 to 1.
third. Time, X:C2V4. Laonado, Birdl* P. Par
chesl and Tlzen also ran.
Third race, etx furlonga, three-y«ar-olda aal
up selling— Dan Collins 104 (E. Walsh). 8 to
1 'won: Wa*er 10» <Full«r). ft to 1. second;
James J Corbett 101 (Hlldebrand). T to 3.
third Time, 1:14%. Brick Fowler. DutlfuL
Llberto. Landse«r. Pilot. Tomahawk. Ern« awl
Anlrad also ran.
Fourth race, on« and a sixteenth mll«s. tare«
year-olds and up— Flo Bob VIS (Hildebrand).
even, won; Bragg 107 <E. Walsh). 3 to U
second; Chub 104 (Lawrence). 2 to 1. third.
Time. 1:47. Three starters.
Fifth race, »lx furlongs, two-year- old*—
Gold Rose 100 (H. Smith). » to 10. won; Ralpb
Reese 08 (Lawrence), 20 to 1, second; Cutter
106 (Booker), 2 to 1, third. Time, 1:14?*. TY»
rolean also ran. "
Sixth race. «lx and a half furlong*, threa
year-olds — Tim Payne 103 (Hildebrand). 5 t»
I. won; Judge Demon 108 (H. Smith). 1 to 2.
second: Huapala 102 (Lawrence). 12 to 1. third.
Time, 1:20%. Rosseric and My Gem also ran.
L.OS ANGELES. Nov. 29.— The racing
at Ascot Park to-day was of a high
class. The jockey list .took on a metro
politan appearance with Hildebrand.
Fuller and E. Walsh having mounts In
tho same race. Walsh and Hildebrand
each rode two winners, but Fuller
failed to do better than second In one
race. Favorites won In three races to
day, Katherine Ennla, Flo Bob and
Gold Rose finishing first In their re
spective events. The books were hit
rather heaviiy In t..e final raca, which
went to Tim Payne, at 5 to L Payne
was played in the last two starts at
short odds, but succeeded in winning
to-day at good odds, and many of the
players were his follower*. To-day was
the first day on which women were ad
mitted free, and fully 6000 of them
turned out.
CURACAO ARRIVES
Has 10.000 Pounds
of Bone Stowed
in Hold.
Gold Eose Shows Herself a
r Craclong Good Mare in the
Six Furlong Event at Ascot
Yhc^ «rent ?o> «los« quarters zx. Uhf *.*L-rv
outael. Nel»o» aitsse* ««v«raS loftL- »o« ;ho
?ace. Nelson then sent right ic .ho itcc and
Corfcett «talle3 ieaperately. Corbetfr. face
«oon broke ou* Weeding *fre3h. 'i'orbett :;ep*.
la verr close, missed several doeperat-. twinge
*n« va* then forced late N clcon'. ; oornar,
Xelson ftegging tiway -merclle-sly at his face.
Corbett drove a wlckefl right t-o Nelson'^, foco.
*ut th« latte* ftandefi out r crushinc right
4hat caught CorbeU on th<: Jav:. The nghtinc
Jier* was most fiesperate. Corbett fought
wildly whllt Nelson made all blorrc tell.
«eldon> laillne 4o lan<?. Ho uppei-cut Corbeti
viclousy several 41me» irith right and b:-oucht
«nor« blood from Corbett'i- fcee. Just before
£ot':l Otoed ltl. .\.ln.7. Jo. .u_ jouj". »:e.
ion roi«mcd lila tliovlns Lr.ctlc : auC ?.i. cloa<»
quarters irtaceerod ?orbeti • v/ith throe .l;;htr
lo the Jaw. Ht fbllo'Tctl U T/lth ..t.v.ieh' rigUn
la' thii facu. i?orcln;; Corbet, ".o 77ry. V»n
ottior fight round .1 ¦.ortin~-plac_' ou Corboit'.
moutl:. At 'llily itngi. Corfcetl o"0- lc . ".Tlc'ied
tight io th& Ja\j» t ju; Mol^ou :;.-iv> Utc »or
on<s, =K.nd planti-d lof* ;jiu :-lcht ou Dorbitt'.
Jjvcev. CorbetS ifoughi fjacl: Urxu, .m: r.a?< net
i/ritb •! yli;ha UrtFinjj 4s tliCy jc.\ ! raa t lof.
utralghtt ta tha face. i'olLon '-.epi. up tho jom
bardmonf c vlnclli* asarl" flooring Cjr\>3tt "vltl:
« Vicl:e£< right *wlns 4cd ths> Jaci rrelr-Di; hau
Corb*ti groggy. Jorclnj; Um ..gainst "hv :t>pec,
vlth hlooS itredmin;? ironi bl» i.iout'.; unt. no:.^
and prusentlne * Corn" cpcstaclo. Corbett was
weak *ml Almoxt totte?od to Cili 0OTO3C e« the
gong ¦ clanpeC {2 ¦*¦»* .?<r«li.on'i' 'roun**. bv \
vide taarslA.
ROCSD JEIGHUS
faco. '^rliifrln»; "JLi± l:loou iron: Co.bcti.'j uoaif.
The ¦ ocll seomol •¦•.'•-•lcora i 'r Trrb^V. V- .tom«
i;el-on"(- pound
ROUND SEVEN
Continued Pronx Pago G : Colnmn 7.
Corbetl'- «*eoiid». ceeintr th» helpless and
'.lopeless condition oj their charge. threTT up
the sponce a» a tcken of defeat.
Corbett wai carried to his corner vrlth blood
jtrenmln," from his nostrils, mouth and ears,
an utterly defeated pugilist. Nelson left tho
rlnc with acarcely a mark to show that ho
had been In a 9ght.
Ifr-lnou -..-en: right fefter Corbett. Oorbett
aunt: Vc Welcon desperately, fighting: back llko
K wild man. HI* «wlng» were wild, howorcr.
Nelson again rushed Corbett to • the ropes,
lending at will with right and left on tho
.'ace. Corbett «ra» frroggy and the crowd
yelled io "Stop It. Stop It." N'elson went
cftov Coroett, who - could icarcely raise hln
hands.
ROUND TEN".
complaineu 10 iho .-eferet Oiai. Nel
son Tvr.c iuttlnf lilni '.vlth Iii3 bead, but no
-ttontlon v/a» paid to the claim. Corbett
nursed .Ight and left .swings for the Jaw,
"iu rccMvcc 1 two straight lefti anu a right
ol *lie jctr Lhat forced him bac!». In c. mix
ITolios drove ills left :c the fac* and a hard
..1j;h.. .c tho tiody. Corbeu mlasad two f earful
lef! .;',?lnr;~ icr ih« Jaw. . Then they mixed
:. r-sait 2nd Nelson forced COrbett against
tlk rorxsc Corbett «wune * fierce left tc
the Jav.\ ju. :i had no effect on the Chicago
man, vrhc ioi-ceu Corbett about the ring, land
in- .earful rlcht and left Jolts at WllL Cor
bet'. TMKi iielpless anii could not protect hlra-
Nelson landed an avalanche of straight
rigUt^ anu lefti to the face and the fronc
caved Corbcti. from almost certain defeat. It
looked a-» U be wai anotloulng to bis seconds
.e tliTov j'n the sponre. . ,
ROUXD -VINE.
th« rony ranp Corbeit landod s. fearful right
awlns to Nelson's Jn,vr. but there was no per
ceptible effect or. the txittlln;; demor. Nelson';
GETS SEVEN "FISH"
William Baylies Is
Lucky With the
Harpoon.
LAST OF THE WHALING FLEET RETURNS
GOES DISTxiXCE IN 1:47
.Hildebrand Pilots Winner
in the Three-Horse Race,
Walsh Taking- Second Place
FLO BOB BEATS
BRAGG AND CHUB
BATTLING NELSON
STOPS CORBETT
IN TEN ROUNDS
THE 6AM FRAA' CISCO CAL'JJ. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 80. 1.904
7
See Small Ad Page for : Further
Particulars. - ¦
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
A
BEAUTIFUL
CUP
AND
SAUCER.
FREE . FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL '
SMALL ADS.
/fnVTTR.TTS'ErM K.M'I'M-
"Havfof takes tout wonderful "Casearsta" fa*
thr«i months »od oeiae entirely cured of itom*oS
eatarrh aad dyipepila. I think a word of pr»lie la
das to"Cascarets "for their wonderfnieosi position.
I have taken nura*roa$ other totalled remedies
trat without »t»U aod I find that Caieareta relieve
more in m dsr th>a alt the others I ha»» takes
would in » year."
James MeGune, 108 Hereer St.. Jersey Cltr. K. J.
CANDY CATHARTIC \^^^^
_P!easaat, Palatable, Potent. Taits Good. DoSood,
Ker-r Sicken, Weaken or Urlpo. lOe, Se. Mo- $ev«V
•old In bulk. The eonvlne tablet (tamped COO.
Guaranteed to eara or your moner baelu
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 593
AHHU*LSflLE.TEa K1LII0M BOXES
/^""^ Dr. Gibbon's DLpensary,
JL--JPS 61S9 KCABXY *T. Established
R$3 1*^254 <¦> l-* 34 for the treatment of Private
HI >V-«EB Dtsranes. Lost MaoDood. Debility or
*VS|9gK&d"">so ">°rmrnn hody and mind and
r"»«J2«e3Xsktn Dis«'x»es. The Dociorcar»*wli<'n
others fall. Try hirn^ <•*»*'«<•" l" w -
gnarnnlffd. Call or writ*.
t>rl J. r. (iinilOX. .'Sail Kraivlsco- Cat
Weak Men and Women
SHOUU> USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THZ
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health aad
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Mark**.California Calendars; for 1903.
CRIBBAGE — W. A. M., Selby, Cal.
Hoyle is authority for the statement
that "the old habit of counting all
court or face cards as tenth cards In
cutting is obsolete, the kins being
. Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
3JEIGGS— A. S., City. This depart
ment has not been able to ascertain
upon most diligent ineuiry. In what
year an agent of Harry Melgga came
to California and reimbursed those
who in the very early days of San
Francisco loaned money to the late
Harry Meiggs, who after leaving this
State became a railroad kins In South
America.
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic Are-etched boxes. 715 Market iu*
SHORTHAND— S. A. H., Oakland.
Cal. If you are a studious individual
you can master any system of short
hand by yourself, but you will find
much more difficulty In that way to
become perfect . than if. you had a
competent teacher.
DIVORCE— A. S.. City. In Cali
fornia, under the present divorce law.
a final decree of divorce is not signed
until one year after it has been order
ed. At the expiration of that time the
party in interest would have a right,
by "attornev, to go into court and ask
that the same be signed.
A LOAD — A. A., Oakland, Cal. A
horse can pull a load that is evenly
distributed on a four-wheeled wagon
with less effort than he can if the
load is "packed at the tail end of the
wagon." The reason is obvious.
It's mighty strange dat de man what
holler de loudest got de least- ter say.
j De good book say you must love yo*
.enemies; but of you done dat in time er
war, whar would you be?
Looks ter me like it's foolishness ter
sen' cloze ter de heathens. What dey
needs is umbrellas.— Atlanta Constitu
,tion. , •":.V'-;-v::;:V
GEORGIA NUQQETS
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICTS— M.
E. W., Santa Maria, Cal. The First
Congressional District of . California
contains 43.S05 sauare miles and the
Eighth District contains 67,331.
HONOLULU— X. Y. Z.. City. The in
dex of The Call does not contain any
account of any such incident asked
about as having occurred in Honolulu
between a foreigner and a quarantine
officer. The Call does not have an, In
dex of what appeared in other news
papers.
higher than the queen, etc., and the
ten below the knave."
FLEAS— Subscriber, Newark, Cal.
The placing of pennyroyal or of
chamomlle flowers where fleas abound
will drive them. away and in many in
stances exterminate them.
WHEN I was grass, perhaps I may have wept
As every year the grass blades paled and slept;
Or shrieked in anguish impotent, beneath
The smooth Impartial cropping of great teeth —
I don't remember much what came to pass
When I was grass.
When I was monkey,- I'm afraid the trees
Weren't always havens of contented ease;"
Things killed us, and we never could tell why;
No doubt we blamed the earth or sea or sky
I have forgotten my rebellion's shape
When I was ape.
Now I have reached the comfortable skin
This stage of living is enveloped In*.
And hold the spirit of my mighty race
Self-conscious prisoner under one white face
I'm awfully afraid I'm going jto die,
Now I am I.
So I have planned -a. hypothetic life
To pay me somehow for my toil and strife.
Blessed or damned, I some way must contrive
That I eternally be kept alive!
In this an endless, boundless bliss I see-
When I was a man. no doubt I used to care
About the little things that happened there,
And fret to see the years keep going by,
And nations, families, and persons die.
I didn't much appreciate life's plan
- ¦ When X was St ixicin
IMMORTALITY.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
He— Do you remember your old school friend, Sophy
Smythe?
She— Yes, indeed, I do. A most absurd looking thing.
So silly, tcol What became of her?
He— Oh, nothing. Only- 1 married her.
A thorough investigation of the subject shows that Americans j
cat 36 per cent less meat per capita than fifty years ago. But we [
cat more w r heat, poultry, eggs and cheese. In 1880 our consumption j
of eggs was 920 dozen for each 100 persons. Now it is 1700 dozen
for each 100. We eat 17 dozen eggs apiece, and the hen has assumed
an important place in economics. In 1850 we consumed 430 bushels
of wheat for each 100 persons. Now the consumption is 623 bushels ;
for the same number. Corn and potatoes show a similar increase, I
while in forty years the consumption of oats as human food has
increased fourfold.
Fruits have increased in consumption many hundreds per "cent
and arc now in some form a part of the diet of all the people. They
are used at all seasons of the year, as canning and drying have made !
them accessible all the year. Though our domestic fruit product has J
been increased and extended into many varieties by the horticulture j
of California, yet we pay an annual banana bill of $8,000,000, and ;
lines of steamers ply between Atlantic ports and the banana fields;
of Central America and the West Indies to carry bananas alone.
Baron von Humboldt first brought the nutritive qualities of the
banana into notice by proving that an acre in that fruit furnishes
more nourishment than an acre in any other crop. '¦.
These changes in diet have proceeded on the line of natural !
selection and arc not the result of any reform movement. People go
more to the field and orchard for food and less to the shambles and
abattoir. The place of meat has been largely taken also by fish. |
When Scth Green began teaching the possibilities of fish culture,
and showed that an acre of water would supply as much food as an
acre of land, fish was a luxury in many parts of the country. Now
it is a cheap and regular market food everywhere. Rivers and lakes I
are regularly restocked and kept in'a productive condition by the!
hatcheries, and new kinds of fish are introduced into. waters where 1 '
they were not indigenous, as the shad and striped bass were brought 1
to California, and the supply is regular arid abundant! Canning has I
also extended the use of fish as it has that of vegetables and fruits. '
All of these articles make up a desirable diet upon which heaith I
and strength may be sustained with the use of less meat. The •
products of the dairy, of poultry, of the farm and orchard, are con-
stantly increasing in volume and are capable of indefinite expansion |
to meet the needs of an increasing population. We are adding to the !
list of edible fruits and vegetables, and with the increase in their use !
and decrease in the consumption of meat there is no sign of decrease i
in .the strength and endurance of our people. Every man is as!
capable of doing his share of work as ever, and there, is a prospect '
that the use of meat will continue to decline until it reaches a point I
that represents its proper hygienic proportion in the diet of human j
beings. . . , .
*"T"» HE recent great strike in the Eastern meat trade was expected to
1 cause much inconvenience and distress in consequence of a meat
famine. There was a prolonged shortage in the meat supply
and prices went up, but there was no indication of distress or incon
venience. This had something to do with the complete surrender
of the strikers. Their leader, Donnelly, had declared his intention
to cut off the meat diet of the people. But the people went on eating
and thriving and his expected reinforcement and support from a
meat famine smitten public did not appear and he surrendered with
out terms. It was a surprise to him and has caused a study by others
of the meat element in the diet of the people.
Every one has noted the enormous increase in the use of pro
prietary cereal foods. These foods have almost taken the place for
merly held by patent medicines in the advertising columns of the
newspapers. Their production must be strenuously profitable to
justify such expenditures for introduction. Fifty years ago the only
cereal food known, besides the products of wheat and rye flour and
cornmeal, was oatmeal, and that was imported and. was rare and
costly. Now no breakfast table is without some form of mush
or grits. >}^y
AMERICAN DIET.
Then I happened to glance at her
hand. There were no rings to iden
tify it, but the third finger on her
left was just a little red, as though
there might have been one there not
so long ago. And then — well, I may
be a duffer, but I knew. There's only
Finally I got inside. It was a lit
tle tent all hung with red and there
was just room for you to sit on a
camp stool in front of the fortune
teller. But even then you couldn't
see Madame Zouffle. She was all
wrapped up in one of those fluffy
things like a Moorish woman, and
when she spoke her voice was deep
and masculine. I was sure that part
was affected.
She reached out and took my hand.
"You have quarreled with your lady
love," said she.
"Yes?" said I, vaguely wondering
how she knew.
"You'll have to wait your turn,'-
Grace told me. Then she went to look
for more victims. I found out after
ward that this was what she was sup
posed to do.
You couldn't catch a glimpse of
Madame Zouffle. It was a long time
to wait, too, until all that crowd got
through, and I wandered away twice.
Each time Grace Rawshaw came and
took me back.
You never saw such a jam in all your
life. I'm sure every fellow I knew was
there.
Grace looked at me in an* awfully
funny way. It was stupid of me not
to have found out what parts the girls
were to take. I'm morally certain she
expected me to know;
"Why. Madame Zouffle," she said.
Then she tittered all the way to the
booth.
"You haven't had your fortune told,"
she informed me, "and you really must.
Besides, I'm curious to hear it."
".Who tells them?" L questioned.
Phyllis laughed. I was quite sure
I was going to get into some sort of
trouble. I always do when Phyllis
laughs just that way.
"Thank you, sir," she replied with a.
deep courtesv. "I will avail myself of
your kind permission this evening."
The place looked quite different at
night, with all the lights going. And
really, the booths were very pretty. 1
couldn't see Phyllis anywhere, though.
Then Grace Rawshaw came along and
took me in tow.
high indeed. There was only one thing
I could do. and retain my dignity. I
must get verv angry.
"I'm sure you may if you want to,"
I retorted with affected Indifference.
"Perhaps you can tell me If
I love her.'.'
"Some lovers fear the stile of pride
And turn away in pain,
But more have kissed where white
doves hide, '
. And blessed Forgiveness Lane."
"You must walk gently with your
love— ...
Frail blossoms dread your feet,
And blooming branches close above *
Make heaven near and sweet.
It comes within Love's part to excuse
follies as well as faults. "To err is
human," and to forgive is usually good
sense. A woman's heart keeps Its
freshness all her life, if she is able to
maintain her mind in an attitude
which tries to understand the motives
which prompt the mistakes of those
whom she loves.
"Forgiveness Lane is old as youth—
You cannot miss your way;
'Tis hedged by flowering thorn for
sooth, •
Where white doves fearless stray.
this is a sauce piquant which gives
relish to courtship.
The genuine quarrel, however, is a
thing to be regretted, unless it is
plainly a salvation to both parties,
saving them from a marriage which
would end inevitably in divorce. A
reconciliation may appear to be com
plete, but it cannot put matters upon
their original basis. Something is gone,
something indefinable, from the deli
cacy and the pervasiveness of that
emotion which animated the wooing
and /the winning.
A girl cannot afford to quarrel with
the man to whom she has given her
promise, if she can afford to marry
him. The day is coming when ¦ his
ways are to be her ways, provided they
ars honorable. A womanly woman,*
when she marries, enters upon a life
of sweet service, in Love's name; and
her husband's contentment marks the
horizon of her own.
Love will not survive continual mis
understandings. Love needs to be
wanted; it must know that it is neces
sary. In no less degree does Lov«
need to be trusted; the cornerstone of
the perfect edifice it builds is confi
dence.
Most differences between lovers could
easily be explained away If both would
lay aside pride and would stop to real
ize what they are certain to appreciate
later, the importance of the present,
the living moment.
A bride whom I know found among
her husband's possessions what looked
to her like most damaging testimony
against him. From out a 'bunch or
his papers fell two photographs of ac
tresses. On the wrong side of the re
spective cards was written, "From
your friend, Minnie M.," and "Yours
ever, Katharine K." At first she. was
almost prostrated by her jealousy and
fears. But, wisely, she decided to sus
pend judgment until she should con
front her husband with these evidences
of an unregenerate youth, and give him
a chance to defend himself.
When her husband saw the pictures
he laughed, and tore them up, without
showing to her watching eyes a sign or
guilt or confusion. He had bought the
pictures when at college, and in a
streak of boyish folly had written the
signatures on the back of them himself.
In our mountains there is some evidence that Indians had noth
ing to do with some of the fires which left marks thousands of years
ago. There is some evidence in the groves of the Big Trees that
during volcanic eruptions lava streams communicated fire to the ex
isting forests. If this be true, all of the marks of ancient fires should
not be held in evidence against the Indians.
It is hoped that during the coming session of the Waters and
Forests Society the scientific foresters will give us the benefit of
their knowledge, and that Mr. Miller may be present to say some
thing about the primitive conditions which he knew so well. It may
be, too, that the subject of pasturing, under proper restrictions, the
forest reserves, to keep down the dry grass and remove one danger
from fire, will be considered. But, above all, this meeting will put
into shape a State forestry law, for action by the Legislature. Such
a law has been earnestly urged for years, and the lack of it has
added speed to the disappearance of the forest. The Indians may
not have been strictly scientific foresters, but they were not de
stroyers. They needed no legislation on the subject, for they found
the law of the woods ready made by nature. We have to look to the
Legislature, and this time our urgency should not be in vain.
knew the forests when their primitive features were upon them,
before ax and sa\v, mill and fire, had marred them. We would be
glad to hear froni more of -these pioneers. Th»re are yet alive, also,
torest Indian> in our mountains, who can talk, if they will, about
what they and their ancestors did in the forest, and it would be in
teresting to learn from them their estimate of the forest.
Did they hold it in economic regard? Did they appreciate the
necessity of preserving it : Was their semi-annual use of fire for the
purpose primarily of saving the forests from destruction? Or was
such use primarily to facilitate the taking of game, the preservative
effect on the forest being secondary, collateral and not intended? ]t
would be very interesting to know what the Indians thought of the
forest, in fact. Did they conceive of its relation to their welfare, to
their means of existence? The tribes are passing. If we could
know what they knew and what they thought about the forests, it
would throw some light upon the subject as discussed by their civil
ized and more destructive successors.
This is a burning issue, indeed, on the forest reservations. For
merly, no doubt, when the forests were open domain used in com
mon by livestock men for range, destructive fires were caused by the
herders, both by accident and design. The copse was burned to
make open ground for the grass next year: The fires set for that
purpose wandered at will and destroyed everything as they traveled.
There seemed but one way to stop this and that was by denying the
mountain forest to the livestock men entirely. Then the grass grew
unchecked and fires started by lightning or any other cause were
carried by it through the forest. So the old problem is upon us,
though the sheep and cattle are excluded from the forest range.
Mr. Miller furnishes an example of tolerance and the open mind
in discussion; which should characterize the whole debate. Big fires
that destroy may be averted by little fires that conserve. Other
means, equally effective, may be found. If so let them be adopted.
He is a woodcraftsman by long experience in this State and Oregon,
when they were in a state of nature. There are others like him who
r T^HE coming meeting of the Waters and Forests Society inspires
j great interest in the subject of forest preservation, which Pro
fessor Sterling has introduced to the readers of The Call, and
which has been most interestingly discussed in our columns by Joa
quin Miller. His essay opens up the subject in all of its phases and
the livestock men will be interested in his statement of the agency
ui their stock in preserving the forest by being permitted to keep the
grass and underscrub down.
FOREST PRESERVATION.
FAIL to see that there Is anything
I either profitable or poetic in lov
ers' quarrels. A poorer augury
than they are for married happi
ness is inconceivable. They are
useful only as sign-posts point
out a dangerous road.
If a couple quarrels before marriage,
they will^quarrel afterward. If a man
is jealous of his .sweetheart he will be
jealous of his wife. If a girl does not
honor, by word and deed, the man
whom she has promised to wed, 'tis
not to be expected that marriage vows
will make her loyal.
One variety of lovers' quarrel, it is
needless to say, is as harmless as the
motive which Inspires it. This is the
quarrel which is meant only as a teaz
ing pleasantry, an excuse for, or a
provocation to, renewal of ardor. Often
PHYLLIS," I said reprovingly,
"I don't like it."
"Don't like what?" she
questioned in mock surprise.
But I was not foolish
enough to go on and tell her
what I didn't like. She would only
have lauched at me if I had. I'll ad
mit, it's all very nice to see a girl
help with the decorations, and for my
part I like to see them do it. It's
proper that a girl should take an in
terest in the cause of charity; but
when it comes to every fellow about
the Dlace wanting to hold the tacks
in the dark corners, it seems to me
that it's time to call a halt.
"You don't think I'd even let one
df them hold my hand, do you?" asked
Phyllis icily.
"No-— but— " I stammered.
"Perhaps you mean to insinuate that
I'd hold theirs, then."
Phyllis was holding her nose very
one girl, in the world that has a hand
just like that.
"Can you tell me her name?" I
asked, slowly regaining my wits. •
Madame Zouffle consulted the stars
a bit and then the lines of my palms.
"It starts with a • P," she said at
length. "P — ph — It looks like
Phyllis."
"You're right," I told her. "It's
a very serious quarrel? I think a very
great deal of her, you know. Can
you tell me if she's deeply offended?"
"I think she is," said Madame Zouf
fle. "At all events, she ought to be;
you have treated her very badly."
"What have I done?"
Madame Zouffle studied the lines
very carefully.
"You have practically given her to
understand you don't care for her at
all. You have told her you don't care
il she holds the hand of" as many men
as she wants- to. That sounds as
though you were giving her liberty to
flirt with as many men as she
pleased."
"Yes?" I said it with the rising
inflection. I didn't give assent to any
thing. "And is she doing it?"
"She has held the hands of a great
many of the gentlemen present this
evening.""
There was a suspicious little quiver
in Madame Zouffle's voice. It sounded
almost like a suppressed laugh.
I assumed the most dignified air.
"And the men — did they like it?"
I queried.
Madame Zouffle could not tell. The
lines were not sharply enough de
fined.
"They'd better be careful," I said,
fiercely. "I'll jolly well punch their
heads it they don't. Besides, it's the
last chance they'll have."
Now, for a mere outsider and just
a common fortune teller, I must say
that Madame Zouffle took quite a re
markable interest in my affairs.
"Why?" she asked. "Why is it
their last chance?"
"Because I'm going to tell her to
morrow that she must stop," I re
plied, grimly.
There was an odd glitter in Madame
Zouffle's eyes.
"And will she do anything you
say?" she asked. "She must be well ,
trained to obey your 'Lie down, '
Carlo,' every time."
"She'll do it if she loves me," I
said. "By the way, I haven't asked
you; does she love me?"
Either the light was very dim or
there was something wrong with
Madame Zouffle's eyes. The question j
necessitated her bending over and
making a very close scrutiny of my
palm before she was able to answer.
The warm, soft folds of her hair were
directly in front of me. and I kissed
them, ever so slightly. She didn't
feel it.
"I don't know," confessed Phyllis —
I mean Madame Zouffle— at last. "It
looks partly as though she does and
then again just the least little bit as
though she doesn't. I-^I think she
does — sometimes."
Madame Zouffle was not looking at
me. She was still examining my j
hand ever so carefully. So I ventured
again.
"What is there about me," I asked,
"that she does not like — sometimes?"
"You don't always treat her very
well," said Madame Zouffle. "Your
hand shows that you are very selfish."
"Stingy?"
"No; not that. But you always
think of yourself and your own per
sonal convenience first."
Now, you know iu3t as well as I
do that this was a libel. Ever since
I have know Phyllis— but what's the
good of arguing about it? Phyllis
knew it, too.
"If Phyllis were here," I remarked,
; "if she could only hear you say that,
you would have an opportunity of
knowing how utterly false it is. It's
true," I went on, magnanimously, "I
may have my faults; but I'm quite
convinced that the dear girl would
not say that was one of them."
Madame Zouffle did not reply. She
seemed to have worse eyesight than
ever.
"What else can you see?' I ques
tioned. "Perhaps you can tell me if
I love her."
"You think you do," answered
Madame Zouffle.
"When I really do not?"
"When you really do not." The
fortune teller was very positive in her
tone.
"Wrong again," I replied. "You're
a. very poor hand at your business. If
you've told the others here this even
ing no more truths than you've told
me I actually think you ought to be
up for obtaining money under false
pretenses.'!
"I can see several other girls here
on your hand," argued the fortune
teller.
I laughed.
"Excuse me, please," I murmured;
"but I do a bit of palmistry myself.
1 Now, right here in your hand" — I
1 turned her palm over — "I can see any
number of heartless flirtations. There
seems to be one in progress now, in
j fact."
| The palmist looked up into my face
and I guess she must have seen that
I knew her. But she wasn't Very cer
tain. I never winked an eyelash.
"Now," I went on, "this dimple
; shows — why, how very odd that you
I should have a dimple just like that.
; But I think that clinches my argu-'
ment, for I know a girl like that, and
she's — "
And then some one boxed my ear.
I looked up and saw that Phyllis' eyes
were twinkling.
"You're such an old stupid, Jack,
dear," she said.
(Copyright, 1904, by Hubert McBean
Johnston.)
The engagement is announced of
Miss Louise Mauzy of Indiana to
Charles Albert Schroth of San Fran
cisco.
The Cap and Bells Club is preparing
a programme to savor of colonial days,
which will be presented in December.
The principal features will be under
the supervision of Mrs. W. P. Bucking
ham. Mrs. T. G. Crothers. Mrs. Blum
enberg. Miss Langworthy. Mrs. V. C.
Drifneld, Mrs. Charles Stewart.
• • •
The Forum Club will hold a recep
tion this afternoon, and all business
will be dispensed with. A few hours
of congenial companionship will b»
passed, the Forum Club being notable
for their ability for intelligent con
versation.
Miss Alvce Sullivan entertains Miss
Anita Harvey to-day at luncheon.
Miss Marie Wells and Selby Hanna
will be the guests of Dr. and Mrs. J.
Wilson Shiels at dinner this evening.
Miss Suzanne Kirkpatrick will give
a dance In the ballroom of the Palace
to-morrow evening.
The concert by the Orpheus Club
given last evening for the Protestant
Episcopal Old Ladles' Home was well
attended and thoroughly enjoyed. Un
der the patronage of these well-known
people the affair was a social and finan
cial success: Mrs. Monroe Salisbury.
Mrs. H. E. Huntington. Mrs. A. D.
Sharon. Mrs. George F. Chapman. Mrs.
George Shreve. Mrs. W. H. Taylor. Mrs.
Horace L. Hill. Mrs. John C. KLrkpat
rick, Mrs. Robert Bruce. Miss Mtrrlsoa.
Miss Hamlin. Mrs. A. N. Town*. Mrs.
James Ellis Tucker. Mrs. Coolridg?.
Mrs. Charles Morris and Mrs. H. J.
Morton. The institution is one that
commands the respect and kindliness
of all people, this sentiment being fully
demonstrated by the presence of so
many.
Mrs. J. L. P. Berry will entertain at
a large tea on December 10 to introduce
her daughter. Miss Edith Berry. The
affair* will be held at their Washington
street home from 4 to 7 p. m.
The Christmas exhibition and sale of
the Sketch Club will be held at 130S Cal
ifornia street, beginning December X
and continuing throush the 10th.
Mrs. Porter and Miss Amy Porter
entertained yesterday at luncheon at
the Hotel Pleasanton. Covers were
laid for foifrteen.
Hermann Oelrichs is entertaining as
guests at the St. Francis Charles Oel
richs and Harry Eldrldge of New
York.
pleasure, and several of this season's
buds besides other guests were present.
Miss Anita Harvey, who is receiving
much attention these days, shared hon
ors last evening;. with Miss Marjorie
Josselyri at a dance given by Mrs.
Mayo Newhall and Miss Newhall. Their
home on Post street was the scene of
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller will entertain
at tea on December 15.
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Wheeler are
preparing for a trip to San Diego, and
will be gone about a month.
The engagement is announced , of
Miss Margaret Littleton Lenehan of
Chicago to Frederick W. Foulkes of
this city.
Miss Christine Pomeroy will en
tertain at luncheon at her home next
Sunday.'
Mr. and Mrs. Graham will reside in
their own home, recently completed,
at Van Ness and Clay.
The wedding of Miss Genevieve L.
Smith and' Robert Jackson Graham
will take place to-day In St. PauTs
Episcopal Church.
The bridge party given by Mrs.
William Robert Sherwood in Century
Hall yesterday afternoon was a large
and brilliant affair.
The narlors and hall were called
into requisition, the guests filling
many tables. The game incited its
customary enthusiasm, and undeniable
pleasure reigned among the following
participants: Mrs. George Shreve.
Mrs. Alexander Garceau. Mrs. Robert
Hooker, Miss Sally Maynard, Mrs. M.
P. Jones, Mrs. Daniel Drysdale. Miss
Bolton, Mrs. Burroughs. Mrs. H. M.
A. Miller, Mrs. Louis Monteagle. Mrs.
Reginald Brooke, Mrs. Milton Jones,
Mrs. Samuel Boardman. Mrs. George
Wheaton, Miss Ethel Cooper, Mrs.
Alexander D. Keyes, Mrs. Grayson
Dutton. Mrs. Harry Williar, Mrs. Nel
son Eckart. Miss Agnes Buckley, Mrs.
Stafford Parker. Mrs. William Horn.
Mrs. Arthur. Wallace, Mrs. Voorhies.
Mrs. Henry Dutton, Miss Jennie Blair,
Mrs. Jacobs, Mrs. Henry Clarence
Breeden, Mrs. George Grant, Mrs.
Farquharson. Mrs. George Moore, Mrs.
John Fenn, Mrs. Edwin Newhall, Mrs.
Scott, Mrs. William Miptzer, Mrs.
Fred Tallant, Mrs. Charles K. Harley,
Mrs. William MUgee. Mrs. Stuart
Rawlings, Mrs. Frank West, Mrs. S.
E. Dutton, Mrs. Thomas Benton Dar
ragh, Miss Clara Durbrow, Miss Anita
Meyer, Miss Wilson, Miss Deering.
Miss Tiffany, Miss Andrew Griffin,
Mrs. Ralph Hart. Miss Grace Buckley.
Mrs. Harding. Mrs. Thomas Porter
Bishop, Mrs. H. L. E. Meyer. Miss An
thony, Mrs. Fred Sherman. Mrs. Bal
lantine, Miss Grace Baldwin, Mrs..
Edward Pond, Mrs. Edson Adams,
Mrs. H. H. Sherwood and Mrs. H. P.
Dlmond.
» * • •
BY H. f\. JOHNSTO/1
Bu Dorothy Fenlmore.
QUARRELS
OF
LOVERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOIlJT IV SPKIOTKIZLS. . *.* . Proprietor
. ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN" McXAUGIIT '_L1L'_ -JLL1S l—l .\:.i: " Manager
PVBLICATTOX CrriCL-7. THIHD AND MA IUCET* STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 30, 1904
MADAM ZOUFFLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 30, 1904.
BY SALLY SHARP.
THE SMART SET
j California :• poppy, poinsettia, Chinese
and .redwood calendars. - All | new— best
ever — ready, for: mailing. Sanborn, Vail
*: Co.. 741 Market street. •
8
OLD FRIENDS.. Juirtin Gates». Notary, Public, has. removed te
the Grant building. Seventh and.' Market sts./
The trial of the case of Gottlieb
Kern vs. Pacific Coast Lumber and
Furniture Manufacturing Company to I
recover $5000. damages for personal
Injuries was begrun yesterday in Unit
ed States Circuit Judge Morrow's
court before a Jury. Kern was em
ployed as a cabinet maker and lost
two fingers and a thumb, which were
taken off by. a rip saw on Aprir 4,
1902. He alleges that the machinery
was not In proper working order. The j
trial will be resumed to-day. I
Damage Suit on Trial.
The Higrh License Association of San |
Fnincisco met and organized last ;
night at the Academy of Sciences Hall i
and the campaign to work for the !
hiprher licensing of saloons was In- i
augurated. The principal discussion j
was over the adoption of a charter I
and the method of campaign to be •
pursued. Several of the officers ad- j
dressed the meeting and told of the |
present low, licenses paid by. saloons, I
quoted figrures showing: the relations!
of saloons to the number of inhabi- I
tants and all deplored the grocery- '
saloon system. The following are the '
officers: G. A. Murdock, president; I
j. W. Hatch, vice president;, John F. i
Merrill, treasurer; JJ C. Osteyee. sec
retary; Kev. I*hilip uRyan, vP. p./
Morris and J. E. White. . |
Ulsch Liceasc. Movement Starts.
S. P. Halvcrson. 739 Fourth street,
p^cured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
¦William J. Bryant on a* charge of
grand larceny. Halvorson alleges that
on November 26 Bryant stole from his
room an overcoat valued at. $30 and
S52 in coin. .'£/.:.
Wanted for Grand Larceny.
The local production of "The Star of
Bethlehem" at; Lyric Hall Is arousing
wide Interest among: many classes of
playgoers.' On "Monday evening the
audience was composed largely of the
clergy of all denominations, who have
given unqualified .praise to Professor
Gayley's nativity play, and playgoers
of all 'classes have given hearty dem
onstration of their pleasure In the per
formance. The production is the same
as the now historic and beautiful one
a couple of weeks ago by Ben
Greet and his players at the University
of California. Miss Crawley as the
Angel Gabriel, John Sayer Crawley as
King Herod and Ben Greet as the
shepherd Mak are the principals of the
cast, each contributing brilliantly , to
the effect. The play will be given all
of this week, including matinees to
day; Friday and Saturday. No one in
terested in the beautiful story of the
Nativity, ae pictured in the fourteenth
century, and here so admirably por
trayed, can afford to miss "The Star of
Bethlehem."
"The Star of Bethlehem."
lott," and the LJndlng "Fruehllngs
rauschen," for violin. A large and
friendly . audience heard the young
players.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
There Is a distinctly good fiddler in
the making in Miss Blanch© Coonan,
who with her sister, Josephine, was
heard in recital last night at Steinway
Hall. Miss Blanche is the pupil of
Nathan "Landsberger, who may be
Justly proud of her. I heard the little
fiddler, a nice, broad-browed, unaf
fected lassie of 16, in two numbers, the
Grieg sonata for piano and violin, Op.
8, and the Mozart Concerto in E flat
major. Both were exceptionally, well
played. Miss Coonan has temperament
and plenty of poise, a facile technique
and good tone. She plays with unusual
freedom and aplomb, her intonation is
delightfully true, and altogether she is
one of the most promising, students I
have ever heard. The difficult Mozart
concerto the violinist played with - a
irood deal of the classic instinct and
technical surety, and the Grieg with
an equally true feeling for the modern
note. In both she was sympathetically
accompanied by Miss Josephine.'
Miss Josephine Coonan is. presented
by Hugo Mansfeldt, with whom she
has been studying for some time. The
pianistthas done much good work since
I heard her about a year ago, and gave
her group of compositions, the Liszt
"Heroide Elegiaque," the Llebllng Ca
pricietto, the Poldinl Concert Etude
(Op. 19, No. 6) in capable fashion.
Other, numbers given were the Leon
ard Grande Fantasie Militalre. Leport
"Melodrame de Piccolino," and Capri
cietto, Sauret, for violin, and a Schu
mann novelette, Elkus* "Lady of Sha-
CLEVER ACTRESS WHO 18 NOW
APPEARING IN "THE STAR OF
BETHLEHEM." •
On account of marking down every
pair of shoes in our store. To-morrow
the great shoe sale which has been
mentioned, at 717 Market street, will
open Its doors. We have but a short
time to remain. We must dispose of all
our stock. All $3;50 shoes marked down
to $1.86 a pair. Wait until Thursday
for your shoes. Sale starts 9 a. m. at
717 Market street, near Third. •
Store dosed To-Day
.-..:;»c: Leavitt, Blshjp J. W. Hamilton.
RitbJ Jamb VoorttSStr. Charlfs S. 'Wheeler,
Char 1 ** Papp. Garret W. McEnerney, Hon.
Ral^t C. Harrison. Hon. Warren Olney, Hon.
Jemet SI. Seawell, Hon. Horace Davis, Charles
A. Murdork. Dr. L^uU LJ*e-:r. James f?. Bun
nrll, F. W. Dohrmann. t?he!don G. KellCpK.
Hon. Ft-axklin K. Lane. Hon. W. C. Van Fleet,
Frsnfc 3. Syznmrrr, A. F. Morrison.
A mass-m<»et!r.£ is to be held at
Temple Emanu-El on the evening of
December 5 in furtherance of the
movement and distinguished speakers
will add-ess the audi*ne«v
I nterefftinsr Me<ilnjr of Committee
Plans Public Speeches In Aid
The second meeting of the execu
tive committee of the Pacific Coast
1 ranch of the American conference
<>n international arbitration was held
yesterday afternoon at the rooms of
the Chamber of Commerce. The im
mediate purpose of the meeting was
to arouse public sentiment In favor of
ihe arbitration treaties with France,
Great Britain. Mexico and other pow
ers which are about to be placed be
fore the United States Senate for its
ratification. The Pacific Coast branch
cf the American conference has been
organized In pursuance of the request
from Hon. John W. Foster, president
of the national conference. Hon. W.
W. Morrow is the president of the Pa
cific Coast branch and the members
cf the executive committee are as fol-
Hoa. W. VT. Morrow (chairman), Dr.
B«ijaa>!n Ide Whe*!er. Hon. W. H.
Beatty. Hon. F. M. Angellotti. Dr. David
-¦.».:.' Jordan. Hon. James D. Ph«"lan.
Arthur IV. Forter. William Babeoek Rev.
Patr«Jt W. KJordan. O^orge A. Newh.-UI. Rev.
ARBITRATION* COXFEREXCE
IS FOR WORLD'S PEACE
Dr. Ward did not remember his tes
! tfmony of that occasion and explained I
! that his lapse of memory was reason- j
I able, because five or six lawyers were :
on top of him all the - time. There •
were some discrepancies between his |
testimony then and now. He said yes- i
terday that neithfer Mr. Ruef nor the]
Mayor had "vouched" for Louis Levy,
the deputy health officer. He told the
Supervisors that one' or. the other of
them "recommended" him. The doc
tor admitted that Mr. Ruef's recom
mendation ' carried a great deal of j
weight with him, and he took occasion j
to throw several bouquets at Mr. Levy
for his executive and other. abilities. j
As to the change from "sanitary in- i
spectors" to "inspecting physicians," j
the witness that the / new j
name was not original, but it; gave |
the office more dignity and enabled t
th<» board to secure men better quali- j
fled for the position. The board did !
not believe that physicians needed to i
l-ass a. civil service examination, and j
that was one of the reasons the com- j
mission was not applied to for a list |
of ellgibles from which to fill the posi- i
tions. "Another reason, and one that!
applied as well to the office of deputy '
health officer, was that the positions j
Avere newly created and unclassified — i
therefore there was no list of eligibles j
relating to them. ' >
Another effort to examine the doc- ;
tor as to his testimony before the Su- J
pervisors was met by a question from j
Mr. Ruef as to whether that, 'invest!- j
Kalion was not a one-sided, prejudiced ;
farce." Judge Sloss would not permit i
the witness to answer. j
/ The trial will be resumed this morn- 1
lur with Dr. Stinson on the stand. •'
Mr. Wright asked the doctor if, on
the day of Cameron's dismissal, he
had not complimented him-on his
efficiency and told him that the
change "was the turn of the political
wheel. The doctor denied this and it
brought up the .matter of his testi
mony before the Board of Supervisors
on January 13 in the investigation into
the boards action in making the
changes. /
TOO MANY LAWYERS.
The doctor declared that it was use
less to attempt to get the old em
ployes to do the work they should do;
they were unwilling to change to a
larger service and the majority of the
old board was in sympathy with
them. There were so many clerks, he
said, that they fell over one. another j
in doing the work. The doctor was
disinclined to go into personalities or
details in the question of inefficiency,
but was instructed by the court *~ an
swer Mr. Wright's queries. Then he
declared that James A. Emory, for- j
mer secretary r ' the board, had spent
little time in" his office, but was in the
Police Court helping his political
friends, or before the Supervisors do
ing politics for himself and the board.
He said that Assistant Secretary Cam- j
eron was efficient as to his ability as
a bookkeeper, but inefficient in the j
performance of his work. He would
frequently go downtown when he
should have been at work and was
seen, said the witness, riding around
in a carriage. He also, it was de
clared, spent a portion of his time at
Pinnegan's saloon at Golden _~Gate
avenue and Larkin street, where un
dertakers, who applied to him for
burial permits,, were obliged to spend J
from $2 to $4 over the bar.. . ']
With a deftness becoming his pro
fession. Dr. James W. Ward, president
of the Board of Health, yesterday laid
open the Internal affairs of that body
for the benefit of Judge Sloss and the
lawyers in the case of John E. Quinn
against Auditor Baehr and Treasurer
MacDougald. Quinn, as a taxpayer,
is backed by the Merchants' Associa
tion in an action to enjoin the 4 pay
ment of salaries to the deputy health
officer and Inspecting physicians
¦whose offices were created for them
on January 9 last.
Dr. Ward was on the stand nearly
all day and was examined by Attor
neys Wright and Franklin K. . Lane
and cross-examined by Abe Ruef. He
said there was a tight combination
against himself and Dr. Stinson in the
old board and Dr. Stinson later cor
roborated this statement. Dr. Ward
justified the present board in its ac
tion In abolishing several positions
and in creating new places which
were filled with other men. The
changes, he said, had been made in
good faith and in the interests of
economy. In six months a saving to
the city of $5600 had been effected
and in the last budget the Health
Board allowance had been cut down
$10,000. The new system of inspec
tion, he declared, had benefited the
working people in the factories, low
ered the number of epidemic diseases
and reduced the mortality of children
to a rate lower than that of any pre
vious year. On account of this in
spection the bubonic plague had been
obliterated among the whites — he
knew of two cases of the plague hav
ing existed.
WOULD NOT WOBK.
The members of the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday held a conference with the
Police Judges and Chief of Police
Wittman relative to the crusade now
being: wiged against all persons liable
for the payment of license taxes to the
city who have evaded payment in the
past. ;>UvC'- -•
The Police Judges were .requested
and agreed to co-operate with ' the
committee in bringing all those who
persist in refusing to pay their license
taxes to Justice. It was decided by
the committee to swear out warrants
for the arrest of all offenders in that
connection, and the Police Judges pro
pose to construe the law in. imposing
sentences exactly as found in the or
dinances Imposing ' the ' various license
taxes.
The Finance Committee began an
investigation Into the bill of F. M.
Yorke & Co. for repairing, bituminous
pavements during September amount
ing to $3727. Inspector Boone cer
tified as to the correctness of the sur
face area with the allowances made
for extra depth. Boone admitted that
his conclusions were from guesswork
In the main and he kept no written
record of his figures. The committee
held that this was irregulnr, but the
York Company claimed that it was
not to blame for any defection , in the
method of measurement. Boone
agreed to keep a daily record of the
work done.
It was stated that the work of re
pairing the streets had ceased owing to
the fact that the- contractors' bills had
been held up. The committee felt
that the work should not be stopped
and promised to take action on the
demand at next Monday's meeting. It
was Intimated that the bill wjll be
passed leaving the August demand,
which was held up,' to be. determined
by the courts. . C- K*.-:''
Witness Reluctantly Tells
of Acts of Inefficiency
of Discharged Employes
Finance Committee Feels
Inclined to Pay Current
Bill for Street Repairs
CRITICISM IS SEVERE
YOKKE'S DEMAND HEARD
Agree to Co-operate With
Supervisors in Prosecut
ing iicense Tax Evaders
Justifies Action in. Abolish
ing v Positions and Fill
ing Places With New Men
POLICE JUDGES
WILL LEND AID
DOCTOR WARD
FAVORS BOARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ /NOVEMBER 30, ,1904;
SWEET MUSIC
CHARMS LOCAL
AUDIENCES
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND SSSIt
LAST FOUR NIGHTS— MAT. SATURDAY
Of the Successful Musical Tomfoolery.
The
Show Girl
NEW SONGS. DANCES, SPECIALTIES.
NEXT SUNDAY R THE ROYAL
MATINEE 0 COMEDIANS
Williams & Walker «£$$££,>.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MQBBIHG. •
I "VRft^ UAI I lia EDDY ST.
L* I IVlV« rS/^l^Lf Above Masoa
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 3:30.
The Christmas Play,
The Star of Bet,h'ehem.
The beautiful etory for old and yoanjr.
A Literary Curiosity of Our Forefzthrrs.
The first specimen of com«dy in the Eng-
lish language Is blended with the Traced?
of Herod and the exquisite poetry of the
Christian Nativity.
Old Music. Christmas Hymns and Carols.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK AT 8:15.
TO-DAY AND FRIDAY AFTERNOON
at 3:30. (Especially arranged for con-
venience ot students.)
SATURDAY MATINEE at 3.
•51 50, $1. 75c. Special rates for students.
LIST WEEK OF THE BEH GREET PLAYERS.
( Absolutely Firerrcof.)
H W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT GH^irii^-. TNISHF
25«— MATINEE TO-MORROW— S3c
Oliver Morosco OJrer*
Howard Gould — J. H. Gilmour
And the Majestic Theater Company In
The Unabridged Production. According to the
Author's Script, of Augustus Thomas' 1
Great Play.
"IN MIZZOURA"
REAPPEARANCE OF ADELE BLOCC
Next— "THE SENATOR."
A > SDlendld Siow Every Alteraoon aadt
Erealnir in the Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEB
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD.
THE REIGNING SENSATION OF CONE'S
ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIR.'
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
AMATEUR NIGHT and ELECTRIC FOUX-
TAIN THURSDAY. .
ADMISSION IOc CHILDREN .Se
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xs tit* only cure for JTerroua aai
Bronchial ASTHMA. mMl
Tour DrucTist or at 5»S HAIGHT ST.
San Francisco. Cai.
RDTTQUfTC FOB BARBERS. BAK-
bKU btihb h-^^K u b^.;
brewers, bookbinder*, candy makers, canners,
dyers, flaur m!ll«». loundries, laundries, pj;>«r-
ht-Tigers. printers, painter*, shoe factories,
rtableaien. Lar-ronfer*. tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHAJTAZf "»BOS..
Brash ac&ncXactaxers. 609 Sacramento St.
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
DON'T FAIL TO
see the beautiful
COURT Lounging
fodm. the EMPIRE
parlor, the
PALM ROOM, the
LOUIS XV PAR-
LOR, and the LA-
DIES' WRITING
ROOM. \
AT O A 7 A TIBelasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR k^^ss
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
™^"^^™""™n The Greatest Stock Com-
*t*f f V> pany in America in Hall
1 rSAV Calne'B Mastet Work.
~| CHRISTIAN 1
An Orislnal Version of the Best Play of
Modern Times.
MISS LAWRENCE as GLORY QUAYLE.
MR. CRAIO as JOHN 8TORM.
Eve.. 25c to 75e. Mats., Soc to 5oc.
p ec n — j M. Uarrle'a Sweetest Comedy,
THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY.
Market at., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Mats. Saturday, and Sunday.
The creetest Eastern success of recent years,
first time here of the excellent comedy
drama,
THE LITTLE CHURCH
AROUND THE CORNER
A tale of real life: Humor! Pathos 1 . Wit!
The Insane Asylum at Blackwell Island.
The Flrht In the Tower. 4 y v ;J
Xmas and the blizzard.
POPULAR PRICES— Kve7 10c to 60c. Mats.
10c, 13c. 25c.
<- Next— "THE SUBURBAN."
OPFR&liWIli I HOUSE
'A ' new Tivoli trl- f" B B ¦ I ¦
umph. at popular »*| Hllflfn'l
prices, cf the great. I ||.|«l|| 111
Ccmlc Opera Success | U IB I g. II B
i by Pixley and Luders, " " " O
'. in .three acts, called: & . gn^
VF VEkJi TIVOLI CAST :
kC 8 3v3S « Including: Wlllard
a\al^l^^^ Slmms. TPddy
Webb, Edwin
TlfaaSaB Schuster. Ben Dll-
R^^^jf S^^k^J Ion, Irene Outtrlm.
i Edith Mason, Dora
de Fliyppc. Bessie Tann/nlll.
Seats Always Selling— Reg. Tivoli Prlcem.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY. £
TONY LUBELSKI .General Manager
A Mountain of .' Novelf+es — The Whole ' City
¦ ••¦'•-FlocklnR to See the Wonderful Acts.
SURPRISES FROM START TO FINISH.
PEOPLE'fcJ
OPULftR
R|CES
IOc and 20c— no higher.
Greatest Vaudeville Performance for \ the
prices' In the world. Children, to any part of
the theater. 10c. Performance every afternoon
at 2:30. Every evening .at '7:30 and 0. Con-
tinuous Saturday and Sunday Matinees from 2
to 0. Continuous Saturday and Sunday Even-
ings from 7 to 11. Ten high-class "Headlln-
era.". Startling' new European moving pic-
tures. * Change of ; Programme Weekly.
. \A/T X. HESS,
trotarr r Public and Attorae7^at-Z>aw.
Tenth Floor. Hoom 1015. Claus-Spreckels bldg.
Telenhone'Maln 0S2.
' Refldence. 1*02 McAllister »t.
Residence T»lcphon« Pace 6«41.
AMUSEMENTS.
SURPRISES and NOVELTIES
SAM ELTON,
"THE VAN WHO XASE THE SHAH
LAUGH;"
Marsruerite LeBoy and SUr. Gullelmo
Bled: Jos»«lin Trio; Clement da Iiion.
Mr. and Mn. Sidney i Draw; Wabb's
Seals; DeWitt. Burns and Torranoa;
Tyca and Jermoo, and Orphenm Motion
Plctnrat, Snowtasr "Tna IiO«t CnUd"
ana Other Noveltlts.
Regular JUtlnees Every Wedneiday. Tburs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
S CALIFORNIA \
H TO-NIGHT! 3
a The San Francisco Favorlt«». |a
I ," GALLAGHER & BARRETT |
M In tht Evergreen Success. M
I FIIMMIGAIM'S BALL 1
2 ¦ N«t Sunday M»tln«e— THE WII^- |
g LIAM H. "WEST MINSTRELS. M
H A ereat organtzation. including H
H FREDERICK \. BOWERS, the famous H
H *inser and composer, author of "Al- Bi
B waya," "Beeau*e." ptc. Featured with a
B thc great Klralfy spectac!* at the St. M
W Louis Fair. f*
GOLUhWmA-tUDiXB THEA.2
SECOND AND LAST "WEEK BUT ONE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Char'.es B. DllUnKham Presents
MAXINE ELLIOTT
* In the Clyde Fitch Comedy.
HER OWN WAY
Next Sunday night— German performance.
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL." White Horse Tavern
Monday— Last weeU ot MAXINE ELLIOTT.
Coming— "A CHINESE HONEYMOON."
flacini! ; -jgjfe Racing!
Hew 'JJShL' Jocbf
California jw Club:
OAKLAND TRACK.
Comoienclns SATURDAY. November 12.
Racing every week day. rain or »hlne.
Race* start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
i For special, trains stopping at the track take
I B. P. Ferry, foot of Mark«t~ street, at 12:00.
12:30. 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning train*
! leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately, after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, Prealdenu '
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
f^ I DR| £^ Ammunition. Hunting and
¦ ¦IBlaBV" SportlnK Goods. Largest
Has I liu Xk »tcck. Lowest prices. Send
RliaRB for tat'losru^-
W \V 1 « SHREVE & BARBER CO..
T3O Market St. and 8S1
Kea.ray.st.
arcsicAii.
iilINK PIANO
THINK WEBER
AM Just Think What Cash
Will Do to a Weber To-Day
—the Last Day of Our
Great Sacrifice All Cash
Sale of the Weber Line
• v
ve Hare a Few Beauties
I^ft for To-Day, Which We
offer Without a Hope
nr Thought of Profit
•
But I'ou must do your thinking, as
well as acting: before eleven o'clock
•¦->-nlght. at which time we ring down
•he curtain on this great cut price, all
¦ash. sale of the beautiful Weber— the
:"alrest and equarest sale of Its kind
• ver made in San Francisco, or we be-
lieve elsewhere — straight goods, square
•leal, and no fudging 1 .
We needed the money, we stated the
case, we cut the price, produced the
poods, and got the coin.
With partiality for none, and equal
justice to all, we sold beautiful Webers
on every hand, and no man or woman
•vho bought of us, but grot at least
forty per cent more than his money's
•north; and we propose to keep It up
till eleven o'clock to-night; after which
i:m? we'll take a new tack, and. well
—Just watch us grow. But if it's a We-
ber you want, don't let this day pass.
If you want something: very fine and
:.ot sd costly, we have the '"Wheeloek."
•vhich comes from the Weber house.
We have also the "S'uyvesant," which
¦nraes from the same place, and
equally fine — or nearly so— and, as cut
in this sale, at a remarkable low fig-
ure. Others on down to $106 for spot
cash to-day, at 126 Geary etreet.
Store open till eleven o'clock to-
night, and we expert a house full in at
the finish. Clark fl'ise & Co.
A. A. Fisher, Manager.
___ _ _/^ n V _ -_ " -••.-.¦.• -J^<^
Order Now for Christmas
.' - , u .,, ,, ,' - — <*t The new Twentieth Century Edition of the ENCYCLO
fcfplMMWUfCSl p AEDIA BRITANNICA will make an ideal Christmas pres-
|^P^pH\gl\^ V, m^^_i, ent. This late revision of a world-famous work is such a
" : | M^l^MIL^. ((0[((4- \i=iM^M I marvel of completeness and a treasure-house of human inter-
ygM»u2aa^sfe^pm-^ v est that it is prized by young and old alike. Books are always
Jtr^ Uilill-£r i&iH^l( Mil IN^ ( appropriate gifts ; and this, the king of home libraries, is one
— \ of the few things that ANY member of the family would be
U^MiMiliili^lLikUSA delighted to receive, arid that EVERY MEMBER will enjoy.
, You may wonder, however, why we emphasize this fact
(^^&ii^4iit^-((^i((^rM (fifli^^ to-day. It is by way of friendly caution, f If you are one of
> the several thousands who intend to secure this Encyclopae-
WJjjSlt li^lifirMlll^^^ dia for Christmas, you must order it NOW!
IHhrBBB^T'- We Give Fair Warning'
gj^^ HIuiJI^'IMto^^^ You MUST order now ; bthervvise you will be too late,
TiF~ Jl Tfjfl ±jJilJuJ( (It I(fi0*\ on account of the large, number of applications coming in
tii=^^^u!ul^ 11 "^ £JS daily. Last year we were sold so far ahead that it was im-
WTTi fMuT/^// 2 ll^Vn^i possible to make immediate deliveries, and we were forced
JBillttSI^M^^M^^^ to decline Christmas orders, although many patrons offered
fill IsiW ))§W')( utlln^^A to P a y us tne u^ P" ce * n advance for sets.
¦yTOW4JK4 Pay forit AFTER Christmas
j^JM||yJte||uf[ l(j^K^ Another great advantage about this Encyclopaedia a3 a
gift is that it takes little of your Christmas money — nothing
• If* (^^nfeur^T^ iJa^K=^ beyond the first payment, which secures the entire set. After-
Wi^^H~n^ll^n^^^^^^A ward it may be paid for a little at a time, so that you will
hardly feel the outlay. But your application must positively
ff//ll^^wr^^ffi^^l ke sent AT ONCE, else you will be too late for the holidays..
dfi^f Tne Inquiry Coupon below will bring full particulars, and
/W^W^IffiFj^u // *unW§^\ a^ so ent '^ e vou to a handsome bookcase, which will add dig-
fgp%T ||§fe^i|§/|L^,H ;,£; wM^^^ nity and completeness to your gift. And what a princely gift
31 Splendid Volumes < ¦
M^M^J^^JM^r^-ii ffllnlR-^gg "^ re re Q u * re J to contain the New Werner Twentieth Cen-
tury edition. They include 25,000 large pages and 12,000 il-
ILi((5(fLt /( ((i((( W^^Jra lustrations and maps. This fine array of books is both
a\S.^^^^^^^^^f school and college in itself, and has behind it the greatest
(l^Ji^dU^il (Iml^L^ faculty of scholars ever assembled.
fj^Srih^^l 50% Discount-— Easy Payments
fr^HirJHpfef == n n = an Important, short-time arrangement with the publishers we are
ag^Wij45=t^JytWg^^ enabled to supply sets direct from the factory at a savins to you of nearly
fj //— .-// // ////// //§g V 50 per cent from former prices. Great merit and low price are seldom com-
[f=^£ Hat # J : --Itrl E -' blned, but our exceptional facilities in adver- *
tising and distributing make it possible to ¦
)} }}^.r, fs= f '}};))}" &% - \ ofter> terms so easy as to place this splendid _^iiiL'i-"li, _»
— -^^ftr^Syn W^"™*.? °* V - Pe " On Wh ° Can BOOKCASE
1 V "^ One Dollar Secures a FREE
III I * \WA\%{\ (((({( §Ms^ bet at UI1C2 small number of at-
%|«^ug i |i^Up ; \\|Uv4^^ :S '^ I tractive b o o k c a ses,
Fg/TT f/Z. .r/~*"/r "ihlll feaP A But our special offer at fifty per cent dte- marie esneciallv ta
ili^L^Ul^liiilml^^ count li lbntted. You must be prompt to be Pf,^ 6 ,, "! P "r?u;* pi
H^|3^|^y ffisfll^H 8ure ot a * et before the Inevitable advance in n<« d a set ot ttu \ B "*
j 1 n^' 1 )* 7 PiHnft i^ff \ price. By our easy payment plan you can tannica. These book-
3ff// ... If. I 1 . If... H'^HjF^i \^2 /obtain an entire set of thirty-one volumes on .,,., v,- ava*r\
fkmji^>i:M'imxmmm.:mfl^^^n the payment of on« dollar, and the remainder cases win uc given
lilmrSriii'tf : Ffi¥^-!'WT^r V can be P ald at the rate of ten cants a irce Ot cnarge to
fWJS/r/S'/SrJ tl r^wJ^M/ iiiT' d *' 1 for a short time. Cut out thp In- readers who respond
i^-^g^)pgHi7J^r^^=£-# 'fcS&si&'A qulry Coupon and mail it to us HOW — promptly to this ad-
!^^l^fi^i^^4§m^ \ us teli y you rnore Tbouf this remarkable vertisement. Mail the
"^sW^m^W^^W^f — book bargain. The coupon below brings coupon below at once.
yp*3 ffiRffiraiffp-ffiftf )/il^^ p=~: attractive sample pages and full par-
i^|"'^ ;;: - : "#^£M)lSi^ :, Mall this coupon to-day for particulars of our great offer to CALL,
EF^I?^ " readers.
Thc American Newspaper Association '
~f r T"'^'' ! ' !'._:'" J^'*^^^P^~ FABBOTT BLD&., 823 MABZZT ST» SAW P2AHCISCO, CAI..
f\ _=&^_ - . Please send (without cost to me) sample pages and particulars of
your New Werner Twentieth "Century Edition Encyclopaedia Brl-
31 Massive V/olumes. tannica offer. (Bookcase Coupon.)
5 VOLUMES. AMEBICAN ADDITIONS. CAM TTPAMrKrft PAT T RTTPFATT
1 VOLXTME. QUIDE TO SYSTEMATIC SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
BEADING AND STUDY. I
1 How is it with you? 9
I Thoro'c You have noticed the Thoro'e 1
| I lie I C S sallow skin of your neigh- I nclc 5 g
I Nnthinp bor '— the " dullncss » the .QatiQfqptihn I
| TlOining yellow whites of another's OdliSiaCIIUll - g
I in eyes, but if you feel as you in U
I ... look this morning:, you ' i
I IllneSS need a little help yourself. Healtjl 1
I " Flatulence, Headache, a M
y bad taste in the mouth are bad enough, but they are pre- g
h cursers of worse to come. If you have any of them, or R
| if you are bilious or constipated, you need a gentle, ef- fl
P fective, harmless corrective ; that is, you need Beecham's h
1 Constipation is the common foe of modern human life. i
P From it spring full half the ills of humanity. Beechara's 1
U Pills cure CONSTIPATION; they keep the Stomach, |
y the Liver, the Kidneys and the Bowels up to the mark; U
|i cure the present minor sicknesses and prevent the more a
a serious troubles which will come if you don't right the I
q wrong. All over the world their merits are known. A |
H remedy so good for so many should be good for you. I
R Folks are pretty much alike the world over. Beecham's |
g .. Pills have a way of restoring vigor to worn and wearied |
R organs; they work for health, for clear brains,' strong. |
n muscles, sound nerves. - |
g Women; at certain times, should take especial care n
P that Liver, Kidneys and Bowels are working properly P
jjjj and satisfactorily. Else will follow depression, sick |j
B headache, nervousness,— a train of almost unbearable |
K troubles. When so simple a remedy as Beecham's Pills «
B will do so much good, their use should become a good M
g habit.* ; They have savedthe lives of many women who h
i have followed the directions with every box;/ i
tj Sold Everywhere in Boxes, IOc. and 25c. 1
t| Brasid m
§ Evaporated If
m Greasn ffl
V<J is cf uniform quality at all ||f
seascr^, always pure, heavy j||f
Eg in consistence, of delicious E§£
Y>i\ flavor and appetizing ap- Mil
Ask for the brand with c|S
W\ the" Helvetia" cap label. J|f
Ln the vcrld. %|||biTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, /WEDNESDAY; v; NOVEMBER- 30. 1904.
10
...A Beautiful and Useful Article for the Home...
*' v ' '
We have secured from one of the largest importing crockery houses of the West
an article for this week's premium that we think will prove very popular. This China
Cup and Saucer is just from Germany and the crates have but recently been unpacked.
They represent one of the latest designs in shape and ornamentation, and, while the china
is of sufficient thickness and weight to be durable, yet it is dainty and highly attractive.
The design is in pink and gold and the effect is eminently pleasing. It is a cup
and saucer that would ornament any table in San Francisco. Free to any person
THURSDAY, FRIDAY 'T'Ol^ Cf JMT| A *Y £* A I I THURSDAY ' FRH>AY
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE— Third and Market Streets. OAKLAND OFFICE— 1016 Broadway
FBEE-TO OUR SHALL AD PATRONS THIS WEEK BEAUTIFUL
EaEPX.0 YarSNT WA3lTm> — Feaaala— Cm\
.A LADY having several years' expert enca
would Ilka a position as manager In a hotel
or large private house; clt^ or country;
satisfactory references given. Address box
1S73. Call office.
A COLORED woman wishes work, washln*
Ironing or cooking. 2332 Greenwich at. *
CHINESE lady, with »tirl 7 years old. would
like to have good home; willing to do. house-
work: wages no object: near school. Apply
a: on^-J^^P-J"^ 804 Stockton St.. r. 60.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church st*.
WANT ad3 and subscriptions taken fox The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 6C3 McAllister st.
EMFIiOxTCb^lT WANTED— T*TAT,-p,
AA— FIRST-CLASS painting, paper hanging
tinting and decorating by thoroughly expert-
enced mechanic, by the day or Job,; work
guaranteed. 1454 Devisadero st.
ALL-AROUND handy young man. exp«rtenc«d
hotel, grocery and bar porter, wishes em-
ployment; any place; small wijh «n*
found. Box 1797. Call ofee*.
YOUNG, Quick waiter. 23. -want* plac« In Uk.
ery. restaurant or boarding-house; town or
country; beat references. SCHUilANN. tSit'v,
Washington st.
STEADY, sober yauns; man -wants position s*
porter In hotel, offlce, or as vegetable znaa;
no saloon work; will do any kind of wcrk;
reliable and sofcer. Box 1764. CaU o£ac«.
PAINTER and tlnter. must have emplorsMoti
highest class of work and strictly business;
"Promptness and neatness" my motto. Box
1721. Call.
COACHMAN, young, competent man. wants
position; city or suburbs; can 6o garOenln*
If required: flrst-ciasa city reference*. Box
273. CalL
SITUATION wanted aa coachman: nnderstandj
the care of horses, carrtagea and aroand a
gentleman's place; city or country- Box 1T1T.
Call office^ '
GARDENER wants situation; competent Jn ail
branches; Is first-class horseman and driver;
best city and country references. Box IS**,
Call offlce. '
ELDERLY, active man wants work aa chore-
man or tako car* of horse and garden:
wages $1U p«r month. Box 1795. Call office.
A YOUTH American. In financial difflculty.
would accept any kind of work. R». car*
201 Hyde st.
GENERAL merchandise- clerk, age 24 years. 8
years' experience, desires employment; wage*
$60. Box 1543. Call offlce. Oakland.
COMPETENT telegrapher, experienced as sta-
ticn assistant, wishes position with railroad:
nrst-clasa refs. Box 1727, CaU. .
YOUNG German, steady, industrious and trust-
worthy, desires position at anything: very
best, of refs. Box 17e6. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position: knows how to
drive and take care of horses. H. SCHNIL-
BEN, 7lU) Ellis st. '
HONEST. Industrious young man, 23, compe-
tent to tend old sick gentleman, lady or In-
valid, wishes position; no objection to do
other work: 2 years' experience with doctor;
best references; wages $25 to $3O month.
Box 1851. Call o<3ce. __^
BY a man 26 years old. bookkeeptng. time-
keeping cr similar work on a ranch: at pres-
ent employed, but desires a position In coun-
try; south preferred; references. Box 1770.
Call office. |
MIDDLE-AGED man would like to have po-
sition as working foreman on asparagus
ranch; experienced- worked at Sxcramento.
Bouldln Island. Alvlso. QEO. BROWN.
Baden. 3outh San Francisco. -
GERMAN, middle age, wants position as vege-
table or flower gardener: understands prun-
ing. Is handy wit 'hcarpenter tools and un-
derstands also to care for horses; city or
country. Box 160. Call offlce.
STEADY, sober young man wants) pcsltlon as
porter In hotel, offlce, or as vegetable man;
no saloon work; will do any kind of work;
reliable and sober. Box 1704, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man desires situation; speak3 Ger-
man, Spanish and Scandinavian languages;
competent surveyor, bookkeeper and naviga-
tcr. Adareso S. B., box 17&J. Call offlce.
GERMAN, neat and clean, wants position;
kitchen man. general work all round, handy,
useful, obliging: country preferred. .Please
address box 1737, CaU efflce.
WANTED — By a German, position to milk
cows, tend horses or take car» of placa; ref.
Address GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominican Sis-
ters, Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
POSITION wanted by youns man. age 25
years, in power plant or manufacturing com-
pany as pipefitter or work Involving same.
Box 17UU. Call oface.
COMPETENT young porter wishes employ-
ment by day. week or month in hotel build-
Ing or private place; city or country. Box
1740. Call offlce.
BRIGHT young man of 17 years, residing with
parents, wishes to work in wholesale house,
fill orders or work In stock; best or refer-
ences. Box 1S75, Call.
GARDENER wishes situation; competent In all
branches: greenhouses, orchard. Vegetable*
. and landscape gardening; references. Box
1925, Call offlce.
TRAVELING salesman would like a position
with a reliable firm; specialty Una preferred:;
reference on application. Box 3S7, Call office.
TWO young men wish positions as grocery
clerks 2 and 6 years' experience. Apply H.
SCHUBBEN. 70!* EUls st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care, of horses, cows, garden, eta.
Box 1733. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED scrap Iron man would llko
position. Address P*. L. WYATT, Redwood
City.
WANTED — Position, city or country: would
loan employer $200 In trust; well-known
through tr.e State. Box 32C. Call office.
WANTED — By experienced traveling salesman,
position either on road or lnsld*; references
exchanged. Box 29O. Call.
YOUNG man. good hostler, wants place la
livery stable; city or country; plac* with
board preferred. Box 1912, Call.
GOOD cook want9 position: flrst-daaa refer-
ences: hotel or boarding-house; wages $SIX
Box 235. Call.
FIRST- CLASS baker and pastry cook, wlf* aa
helper or saleslady, wish positions; city or
country. 311 Turk st.
BOOKKEEPER, professional accountant, de-
sires position; can furnish best of reference*.
041 Poplar at., Oakland: phone Red 3233. -
POSITION as stationary or steam shovel en-
gineer; also steam fitter. Address room 73,
Winchester Hotel.
RELIABLE man wants offlc* work, or as col-
lector; best references. Box 1762, Call offic*.
ELDERLY man wants situation: single; no
bad habits: references. Box 1729. Call.
' YOUNG man wishes work In warehouse. Boat
1765. CaU offlce.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1730. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as candy helper. Box 237.
Call offlce.
MAN and wife, man as cook, wife as helper.
want positions; city. Box 238, Call.
| MARRIED man desires a position as collector
or clerk; age 23; reference. Box 1787, Call.
A BRIGHT Japanese boy wants steady work to
do as porter or house-work either, any kind of
help, during murning or afternoon. K. II..
432 Sutter St.
GOOD Japanese, who understands English,
wishes position In nice ' family to do house-
work. Box 1726. CaU.
JAPANESE boy. genteel and honest, wishes
position as school boy: speaks English; wages
$2. Address U. N.. 1431 Bush St.. city.
JAPANESE wants position as cook or house-
worker: wages $0 up a week. GEORGE WA-
| TANA BE. 1SSG California st.
A JAPANESE, young, hottest boy wants a po-
siticn as schoolboy In good family In city.
M. I.. 507 Larkin »t.; tel. Larkin 1454.
A JAPANESE wants position as cook or house-
worker; was;es $rt up a week. GEORGE
WAT ANA BE. 1X16 California st.
A JAPANESE educated In this country with
desire to learn music wants position as
schoolboy; honest and sober. Box 293. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants position at hrm.i«work ;
except out room.- H. KAMAI. 431 Stevenson.
JAPANESE would like to work In family. A.
It., >j\ Minna st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes situation In a
small family. TOMISAK!. box 1072. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS CWneso cook wants position
in family. QUONGOON. 320 Kearny st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SAI.E— Con.
SAN FRANCISCO CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk st..
dealers In real estate, rooming-houses, eta ;
call and Inspect our list of bargains; only
legitimate propositions sold by us; titles
guaranteed.
BANK REFERENCES.
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
MITCHELL & CO.,
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 208L
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICEl
12 rooms, R. $15; good house $650
11 rooms, R. $40; Al house $725
7 rooms. R. $27 50; corner flat $200
B5-ROOM corner house; rent $4.00 per room;
price $3S0O; must be Bold. Box 1S52, CaU
offlce.
FOR sale — Apartment house of 70 rooms; fine
location; sunriy exposure. Box 4107. Call.
A BRANCH offlce of The CaU for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
CABPjBT BEATIITO^ AITP^CXiEA^yO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
. pressed 'Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you became disgusted with your work
s«nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 353-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
riscn St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. -
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Maln^304. OEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
COLIiECTIOW OTYIUEB.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
C1AIBVOTANTS.
RICHARD MAYO
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent
There is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish but what can be realized by
his help and advice: he is entirely original
'in his methods; different from all others; a
visit will bring sure help and will satisfy
you and bring success and happiness to the
seekers of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
421 A Ellis St.; private flat: hours 10 a. m
to S p. m. '
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Exam-
iner bide; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and pcrtrays
events to occur In the future; If you are in
trouble, discontented cr not satisfied with
life, or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be tcld how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed: open Sundays. Tel. Black 45uU.
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT LIV-
INGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION. PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 2C% KEARNY ST.
MME. LANGE. the only one who can help you
In your greatest troubles; genuine gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader;
convince yourself of her skill; 25c and up;
chows the picture of future husband or wife.
."S Turk St.. near Taylor; hours, from 10 to
8, and Sundays. V
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeresj. The Vendome. 1101
Market st., San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50c;
g., $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. PORTER clairvoyant, medium, born
with double vail and second sight; tells past,
precent future; 1. 50c: g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Kddy.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fall try me; readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.: tel. Larkln 4207.
MRS. SHAFFER clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: elttlngs daily. 10.S 6th st.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis at.
- SPrSITTTAIJISM.
A — DON'T fall - to see Mrs. Dr. Gordon, the
wonder of the age. ; 132 Sixth st.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. J4, Gait House.
PROF. GEE, medium and healer; readings
¦ daily; circle every night; 10c. 1200 Market st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 837.
DEWTZSTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 5oc;
plates,,- $5; full' set; all work painless and
¦ warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
Irom ?!> per set: extracting. oOc; gas given.
GOLD fillings, : 75c; sUver, 35c; crowns,. $2; na
paln;open Sundays. . Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
-j floor. ; Phelan bid... 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
: t Set ;¦ teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;nlllngs,23c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. ; and Grant ave. .
DRISSMAIEES AND SEAMSTEESSES.
MRS. T. CLUNE of New York opens dress-
making parlors at 2170 Post. opp. Hamilton
Square; prices reas.; S. T. Taylor system.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
„¦ Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art'* button and buttonhole factory.HO Taylr.
-i^ EPTJCATIOITAX^ .
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of -Ayres Business Col-
lege. -has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: S5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st.. S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college: new, large rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. E. B. Business College. 738 Mission.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest in the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
471esscnspitman shorthand and hold anyposltton;
guar. ;60 court reporting;"slrgle-page method"
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 12S1 Market.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 n. m., 333
Phelan bldg. : terms very reasonable.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1282 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 82S Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight:
Individual Instruct.; all branches; day. eve.
CHICAGO Business College. 1534 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PART:NGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANISH. Freach.etc Prof. "De Fillppe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Pest; est. 1871 ;ableat profs.
EKPitOYarairr offices.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese - employment of flee
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 83I» Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese.
Chinese help. 42tt Powell st.: tel. Main 5753.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stockton;
best help. Frlta Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush 853.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help "at
Leon Seung's."411% O'Farrell: tel. East 42fl.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S9.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Alain 1907: BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EatFiiOYMEirr waitted— rzaacAXE.
AN experienced nurse wishes a situation to
take fuli charge of an Infant: city refer-
ence. 10 Wetmore place, off Clay st., be-
tween Powell and Mason.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like light house-
work- is a good mender, first-class nurse;
fond of children. 243 Fell.
MIDDLE— AGED woman wlshe* a position for
general houfework: good cook; references
given. 408 McAllister, upstairs.
YOUNG girl would like a position to do sec-
.ond work and waiting. Call at 2437 Harri-
son street.
ENGLISH governess (late of Paris) wishes
employment: speaks good German. Box
1722. Call offlce. . - - •¦-. .
SOBER, industrious woman wishes to go out
by the day washing or cleaning:; $1 25. Apply
31 Fulton st.
YOUNG lady stenographer, city references, 3%
years' experience in mercantile and other
work, operate any kind of machine; salary
no less than $40 mo. Address box 1870. Call.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants
position: is good cook and first-class laun-
drfes; best of references. Call 75)4 Folsom
St.. near. Fourth.
BY a refined young lady, office or store work
preferred. Call Tuesday after 10 a. m 774
McAlllster.^st. Phone Page 1933.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes position as
housekeeper cr cook for men; city or country.
CaU SCO First St., cor. Harrison, bet. .2 and 5.
AN experienced woman of education would
like position of trust: good seamstress; ref-
erences. Box 1732. Call offlce.
AN honorable woman wants work of any kind
by the day or place of trust. 462% Te-
hama st. '
A PERFECT laundress and house cleaner !
wants work at^ $1 25 per day; references.
Box 1730. CaU offlce. ¦ !
AN experienced stenographer, quick, accurate I
and responsible, wishes position. Box 331.
CaU offlce.
RELIABLE woman wishes few nice families
by day; chamber work, washing or cleaning.
4SS Geary St.. phone Brown 32.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to care for In-
valid or will act as companion to lady; best
refs. ' Box 177. Call. _^^
GIRL. 10 years old. wants to take care of
children. MISS L. SHEEL. 223 Eleventh st.
WANTED — A few more nursing places by a
competent nurse. Apply 856 Folscm st.
YOUNG woman for general housework In small
family; wagts, $20. Box 1781. Call.
A NEAT, reliable woman wants work by th«
day; good references. Box lSbtf, CaU offlce.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE — Con.
nlture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
180 rooma: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month; close In; full of nice people; bar.
gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership. . ¦
Big bargain for some one: 6- room flat ele-
gantly furnished 6 mocthn. ago by Sloane at
cost of over $900; rent only $25 per month;
fine location; biggest snap on market; only
?400. , N
18 rooms; rent only $70; water free; all oak
furniture: carpets new last June; clears $75
per month; first class and full of roomers;
$1100 takes it.
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; flrst-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $000 per month: must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
Have a little 14. room 'boarding-house on
Geary; nicely equipped throughout; ell full
and clearing nice income: price $2000.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-clans people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
We have a number of special bargains in flats
of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold; either account of sickness or de-
parture.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
hand. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS.
MARION GRIFFIN, v. I;*
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner Third and Market sts. ; tel Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
Abstract of Title Free With Each Sale.
Half furn!shed40- Beautifully fur-
room house north nlshed house of
of Market; $1500 B0 rooms; on a
take? it up to 10 sunny corner-
a, m., December . stick a pin here;
2. "There is a the rent is only
tide In the affairs $168; house full
of all men's lives of steady rpom-
lf taken at the ers; on account
flood leads on to of sickness the
fortune." price ($5000) Is
See cut In two.
MARION See
GRIFFIN. MARION
.. , . , GRIFFIN.
Absolutely our
best furnished 20- DOUBLE the
room transient profit could be
house; right In made in this
the heart of busl- high-class house;
ness activity; you , 37 rooms; rich
will nead to put furniture, carpets
up about $1500 in and hangings;flne
cash; now clears entrance: an air
$150; your ability / of wealth per-
will be the meas- vades the house;
ure of your profit. . profit now $175;
See ' fine I a n d 1 o rd;
MARION worth $4500.
GRIFFIN. See
MARION
THINK! A 33- " - GRIFFIN.
room house, clear- ¦ ;
ing $141 monthly; UNHEARD of
price $2000; half terms; 23 rooms;
cash and $25 nicely furnished
monthly; t h o r- ¦. apartments;clears
oughly respect- $74 monthly; only
able. $400 down and
See easy terms.
MARION See
GRIFFIN. MARION
! GRIFFIN.
Vacant, 10 rooms; —
and 20 furnished; REAL ESTATE
now clears $79 wanted In ex-
monthly. Almost change for - a
no work for land- high-class, 60-
lady. If you have room "houseicl ears
good furniture $3000 yearly above
and $300 cash all expenses, in-
come and see us. ; ' -.V eluding living for
MARION man and - wife;
GRIFFIN. fine furnishings.
: MARION
BRING us $300 GRIFFIN.
and we will put
you in possession E P L E NDIDLY
of a nice 15- fum 1 s h e d 40-
room house full room house; ex-
of steady room- ceptional 1 o c a-
ers; -profit $65 tion; lease If de-
monthly; we back eired; high class
you for $700. of roomers; very
See ' . quiet and select:
MARION "only $1750 cash
GRIFFIN. required; easy
— terms; fine house.
N B - ¦ See
<m 'mrim« 1(V» MARION
IB\> rooms, lnO iinirmv
furnished; $7500; GRIFFIN.
handsomest mod- ~ '
era apartment- ' — P. S.—
house In this * 6 large, light;
city; beautiful ¦' $3000; rent $150:
furniture; great lease If desired :
bargain; should 'house and fur-
clear $700 each 30 nlshings In good
days. order; In a fine
S-?o location; clears
MARION 5175; on sunny
GRIFFIN. «W«-
— . _1 See
MARION
Swell B0 -room. I ,- GRIFFIN.
new and modern ~ ~~*
house on Sutter; 100 rooms; apart-
most beautifully ment house; al-
furn 1 s h e d and ways full of nice
clearing $258 . and permanent
monthly: electric people; Income is
lights; electric ' $1097 monthly;ex-
elevator; single penses $649; profit
rooms; mostly $448; sickness
business men makes a sale ab-
r o o m ers; price solutely necessary
$5000; easy terms. at once. :
See :.....•.•,. See
MARION MARION .
GRIFFIN. , GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL bargain— Flat or 3 nicely furnished
rcoms ; . on Geary st., ¦• near Powell ; Brussels
carpet; inlaid linoleum; grolden oak furniture;
brass bedsteads; hair mattresses; Majestic
range;' dining and: kitchen tables; cooking
utensils,'- dishes/ etc.; ¦ large : yard: rent" $15;
all, goes for $150. See BROOKBANK. 917
'Market st.,. near. Fifth. -..--.- : :
14-ROOM ; lodging-houao ': tor * sale: , no ' axent.
402; Geary, st. ¦ ¦
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia st.; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
See It. C WILKE, 1'OVii Kearny st.
A— fiuo; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with 3 nicely furnished rooms; rent
SIS; a good paying business. See I> G.
WILKE. 'JGtt Kearny gt.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE, living rms.; rent $15;
no opposition; very best location; about b
miles from city. See R. O. WILKE. 20 '4
Kearny st. .
A $C00 ROADHOUSE; 5 years' lease; rent
$20; best location en Colma road. See R. Q.
WILKE. 2ttVi Kearny st.
A $SSOO HARDWARE ftore. corner; ranges,
household supplies, p»lnts, oilu. saa fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value in tight; owner to retire to private
life; a splendid chance. Call K. G. WILKE.
'M\*2 Kearny at.
A $1500 GROCERY and bar. with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
business. CaU R. G. WILKK. 26% Kearny.
A— $3250; HALF Interest in manufacturing
businees; established many years and doing a
firxt-clasa paying business ; stock and ma-
, chlncry with Invoice; the price a rare and
good ofTer. CaU on R. O. WILKE. 2B%
Kearny it.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
In Stockton; rent $53; the leading place of
Us kind In Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKK. 26H Kearny «t.
A— «»00; BAKERY, with 3 living rooma and
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; caah re-
ceipts about $10 per day. Particulars R. G. i
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— i2ZU>; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash buelnese. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearcy st. |
A — $!)0O; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk et. ; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle ebtate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $S0O; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 2UVJ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $41)00; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell St.; 2% years' leaee; must be
cold at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
A— $2450; CORNERxgrocery and b_qrf ft years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
nees; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $125; lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
v en I sate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block Irom Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $900— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth St., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
4. good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE, 2ti% Kearny Et,
A — $1500 — Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc., must be sold at once on
account of death; very rare chance, as busi-
ness Is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. K. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
rcuth of Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
yarn average monthly receipts $1100; value
In sight. Sea R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with nrst-clau paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 2e% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et.: rent $CC; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established . and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom 1846.
$125— PARTNER for well-paying restaurant;
will clear you $75 mo; See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT on busy street, near Market;
seats 2G; rmall place doing big business; rent
J15; sacrifice for $150. See BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who Is desirous of associat-
ing with a reliable, and Industrious person
(lady or gentleman) who can Invest $350 and
services, and to same will be offered an In-
terext in business clearing from $150 to $300
monthly: references exchanged. Particulars
with BROOKBANK.
LAUNDRY route; established 14 years; guar-
anteed to clear $100 and over monthly and
you can verify this by looking over* the
bocks of one cf the l>est laundries in city
who does his work: price $500; owner leav-
ing city causes this sacrifice; trial given.
See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT— Al location; seata 54: new 6-
foot range; large kitchen; 2 living rooms
connected; rent $22 50; worth $500; price
$300. See BROOKBANK.
$400 — CIGAR ctore and billiard room: good
stock, fixtures and trade: prominent loca-
tion; see this. MARIN INVESTMENT CO
235 Kearny st.
?1500— CORNER grocery and bar. MARIN IN'-
VESTMENT CO.. 235 Kearny .st.
$3800— FIRST-CLASS rooming-house of forty
rooms; good location and trade; chance sel-
dom offered. MARIN INVESTMENT CO
235 Kearny st.
. _ — __^___
$400— PARTNER wanted; contracting and Job-
bing business: clears $150 monthly; duties
light. MARIN INVESTMENT CO.. 235
Kearny st.
WANTED — Business opportunities; quick sales
reasonable commissions. MARIN INVEST-
MENT CO.. 235 Kearny et.
NORTON & CO..
LEADING BUSINESS AGENTS,
1104 Market St.. phone Jessie 4471.
Offer the Following Bargains:
RETAIL candy and icecream, parlors; nicely
fitted up; lease; clears $150 monthly; If you
want a good proposition- see this quick.
NORTON & CO.
GROCERY &. bar. N. of Market; One corner;
owner going Cast; want offer. Norton & Co.
GROCEKY. delicatessen, home bakery, cigars,
tobacco: good location; on Sixth st.; good
trade; cheap rent; price $700. Norton & Co.
SALOONS from $500 up to $7000.
Groceries from $500 up to $4000.
Restaurant; fine location; $900.
Branch bakeries, coffee-houses, city & coun-
try hotels, merchandise stores, roadhousee.
Lodging-houses from 7 to 200 rooma.
For cale and exchange— 3S5 acres in Santa
Clara County for a saloon; Oakland houses,
for lodging-houses. EITEL &. CARROLL,
212 Kearny at; tel. Red 6692.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or eell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
havo juat what you want to buy or a pur-
: chafer for what you want to eell. «
J. W. JAQUITH.& CO..
1312 Market Et.,
Rooma 418-419. Telephone Folaom 3468.
SOMETHING doing— something doing.
Look at the bargains and catch one.
Saloon; elegantly fitted up; a snap $1250
Small grocery and branch bakery, cheap. $300
Notion store; good street; a bargain $275
24-room lodging-house, $100 over exp. .$1800
fi-room lodging-house: $18 over expenses. $250
Union Business Exxchasge, ' 9D3 Market at.:
phone Folaom S022.
$200— PARTNER: chance for right man
Grocery; will nil at invoice price.
Saloons and restaurants at all prices.
BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st. .
' $Wi0— PARTNER: chance to make big money.
[ BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny et.
j FOR sale on account of ill health, business of
I manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
I etc.. with formulas; located in one of the
1 larcest and beet cities in California; price
| $4000; one-half cash, balance to be paid out
of proceeds of business. Address S. C. 8
box 520, Sacramento.' Cal.
GOOD opportunity— Fine stationery business;
Rvera_2 sales over ?2000 per fnA; will sell
for Invoice price of stock; no competition;
located In the only cash town In California.
' HAMILTON & ; KENDRICK/ Petaluma.
HARDWARE store, lnvcice $5250: best town
this State; good paying business; large, at-
tractive, up-to-date, store; exceptional offer;
111 health; no agents. Address box 28, Oro-
vllle. Cal. ..¦;,-:.•
A— $300: PARTNER wanted In light mechani-
cal business; no previous experience required;
$10 to $35 a week each. 47, Geary, St., rm. 2.
CORNER grocer}' and liquor More; best loca-
tion;^ no^ opposition; cheap. .: 1699 . Poet . at, < .
BUBECTESS CHAHCES — Contlnncd.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar; located in thriv-
ing location, city; fine plate-glass windows:
store fixtures: large stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doing wrood business; clearing ?150 to
$200 per month; trial given; established 17
years; one of best propositions In city: slck-
ness; snap; price $3500.
FOR aale — Delicatessen and branch bakery;
flr,e corner, new building and fixtures: rent
only $32 60; sales $35 to $50 per day; long
, lease: fine opportunity to get Epod business
for $1250. ' I
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. tAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses In S.
F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons, all equip-
ment*; present owner has made a fortune
and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
from $600 to $S00 per month; trial given if
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished; horse and
buggy; fine well: 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 8 Kddy et.
FOR sale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 55> rooms; rent only $150; 10- year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; Drosent owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and bars, bakerlea. furnishing goods, mer-
chndise, county hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and inspect
our list. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Old established clothing business in
6ne of the most progressive towns In South-
ern California. For full particulars call at
31S Front st., room 4, 0 to 11 a. m.
FOR sale — $2000; livery stable, opposite depot:
good businees stand. Inquire at LandgrafT's
Villa. Mill Valley, Marin Co.. Cal.
WANTED — To buy saloon, south of Market.
14 3d St., UDStaira, or Tel. Bush 405.
TO sell — News stand In Rialto building, cor-
ner Mission and New Montgomery sts.
GOOD business proposition; Income $50 to $100
per week; small capital. 20 O'Farrell, r. 1.
CIGAR stand for sale, cheap; near glass works.
1800 Folsom st.
$1200 — FOR sale; sodawater bottling plant.
Address 820 Wood St., Oakland. Cal.
DELICATESSEN lunch room, 3 living rooms,
large stock, good business. 407% Van Ness.
EXPRESS route for sale; value In eight. Ad-
dress box 1S20, Call offlce.
$600— DELICATESSEN store In Hayes "Valley
for sale. Box 4607, Call offlce.
DELICATESSEN for sale; good trade; in good
business locality; price $1250. Box 4706, Call.
BUTCHERS — Good business near San Francis-
co. Inquire JOSEPH STRAUB. C30 Market.
FOR sale — Half Interest in good restaurant;
best location; bargain. 1727 Market st.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, tor sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco CaU offlce.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SA£S.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng.Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
We have a 9-room flat, new modern build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 60
per' yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattresses
cost $35 each; new S months; actual cost to
furnish, $5000; must go East and will take
$2700; Vi tash, balance 6 per cent per annum;
everything ready to step .right Into an ele-
gant home. ;. .''' ;
An up-to-date downtown housei rent only
$5 50 per room; all light and sunny rooma;
electric lights and elevator; has, 1 OS rooms,
well furnished throughout; now clearing
$350 to $450 per month: make offer; owner
must leave city; only with us. -
16 rooms; rent $C5; good furniture and' car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
•What do you think! 31-room apartment-
house; rent only $1SO; where you can dear
$05 per month; no work; this you can' get
for $1100; wife at hospital.
Fine littlo house of 22 rooms; rent only $110;
well furnished; mostly all new carpets; good
location; always full; good buy; $1300....
Have new, modern • 82-room house; rent $375;
electric lights; elevator: corner; everything
up-to-date: owner will exchange for . Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose:
value $7000 to $10,000.
0-rcom flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $4u0.
Model apartment house, 2 and 3 rooms each*
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished; 5-year
leaee; there are 90 rooms; everything • new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
Eldtness.
7-rootn modern -flat; close In; well furnished*
co«t $000; a bargain If gold at once; $250.
C5 rooms: best downtown commercial house In
city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-claes condition; will trade for
Oakland, Alameda or/Berkeley : property or
ranch in California; must . leave . city.
45 rooms; rent only $12B; flrst-class location-
well furnished and good . running order'
clearing now over $200 per month; ' al ways
full: best buy In city; account of sick-
ness; price $4500.
Splendid 42-foom apartment house on fine cor-
ner; rent only $3 75 per room; 6 years' lease-
clearing nice little income; will take 15 to °0
room house as part payment-
' ' '- ¦¦¦' ¦ * ¦
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms in fine
block on Post St.; fullrnicest kind of room-
era ; new and modern throughout ; brings in
nice Income; furniture In : oak, birdseye
maple; velvet and axmlneter carpets; cost
$lS00 ' to furnish six months ago; cbllged to
leave city; big bargain; $1200. >' .^
i 21 rooms : cheap rent ; '. very, central ; : good t ur-
JOHN JJ : _^KI^K^Lg :J^ JL Proprlctor
Adir*". ; s Communications to
aianngcr
W. J. SLIRTINV^. .Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department lou %\ lsh.
Publication Offlce Market and Third. S. F. ¦
Editorial Ilocms 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
T-nr.e by Mai!. Including Postage (Cash W lth
Order.) : „
CAILT CALL Mnclud. hur.day). 1 year. . -*8.00
DAILY CALL <lne!u«i Sunday). C moi. . . 4-W
CAILT CALL— !3y Single Month •»«
flNDAT CALL. 1 Tear 2--JJ
VEEKLT CALL. 1 Year 10 °
FOPF1GV f Dally . . .f.8.80 Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN I > « 5 per Tear Fxtra
POSTAGE. 1 weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Cople» Will Ba Forwarded When
Requested.
Mall subscriber* in orcerln*- change of ad-
trese fhould be particular to rive both NEW
AND OLD ADDREES. In order to lniure a
prompt anfl correct compliance with their re-
<jue»t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broadway Telephone Mala IMS
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tI«S Center Street Telephone North 77
TVAEHTNGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOKK NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf.Artcria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
fnlon Pquar»; Murray HIV. Hotel; Filth-avenue
llotei and licCmtn House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherr-an Ho-jse: P. O. News Corr.rany: Great
Northern Botel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium j
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPTIKEENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNKS5. Marquette Bulldinc-
(Lent: Dlftar.ee Telephone. "Central 2C19. I
NEW YORK r.KPRnSENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of th* San Francisco Call.
corner Markft end Third *treeu: open ur.ul
12 o'clock even- nlsht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
XCttS Market street, opposite Fifth: cpen until
11 p. m.
CT7 Mcntpomery etreet. corner Clay; open until
P:30 p. m.
too Hayes street; cpen until 0:150 p. m.
CS9 McAllister rtretf. cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IP4I Misfior. street; open until 10 p. m.
JC<5 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1CP8 Valencia mre«t; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrt beast comer Church and Duncan streets;
rpen until 9 p. m.
rCW« FlMmrre street: open until 9 p. m.
atEETIHQ nOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. m
ard A. MV—Called meeting- THISVy
• WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 />r\
o'clcck. Third degree.
THKO FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Loifre No. 133, F. and A. «
M— Thirl -leerff THIS (WEDXES- "yY
DAY) EVENING at 7:13 o'clock. By
order of the W. M.
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
irXCET^IOU Lodfte No. 1Go7t.' smO^JL. q
Jl .— ThirJ d-prc- THIS (WEDNES- W
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock sharp. ¦'VS
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Iv-nipe No. 1O. F. and A. o
M.— Special meet Ing "THIS <\VEDNES- *VV*
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
Third depree. R. t. ALLAN. Sec.
MORSELolgp. Xo.~2577T~ O.-O. ~Z^Z
F.— Initiation THIS (WEDXES-^Sffl^.
DAY. EVENING. November 30;^)g^^W
aleo nomination of officers. All ¦"***«i»»S*-
trember* are < *-e<fucsted to attend. Visitor*
welcome. GEO. F. McMANUS. N. G.
C. BRIND, Uncording Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P., •&*
will confer th« Knlpht rank Ootig **3&sf
fo.-m> WEDNESDAY, Nov. 30. 1&04, T-JfV
at 22f» C.^lderi Gate ave.. at K:30 p.
m.: rr«-rr*>ers of sister lodg-es cor-
<5iat!y Invitfd. R. W. BANKS. C. C.
O. XORCKQSS, K. of R. and S.
MLMHERS of the San Francis-co 7 «• v^
Scottish Thi«tle Club are requested Q $1
to attend the funeral of cur late VVtSj'x
olan>r.ian. ex-Rojal Chief JOHN ''^g**
H. M<-INNES. from Craig;. Cochran & Co.'a
parlors. 42S« Golden Gate ave. THURS-
DAY. December 1, sen-ices commencing at
9:30 ft. m.
GtORGE W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
A MEETING of the Beard cf Medical Exam-
iners of the State of California wlil be held
TUESDAY, ihe tth day cf December, 1004,
et the City Hall, in the city and county of
e*n Francisco. State of California, at the
hour of 9:30 a. m. cf sail day. for the con-
sideration of applications for certificates and
fcr i=uch other business as may properly ccme
before it. Dated San Francisco, November
- 18. lftO4. Board of Medical Examiners of
the State of California.
CHARLES L. TISDALE. Secretary.
CPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS —
Notice ie hereby Klven that a special meet-
ing of the ftookholdere of the CENTRAL
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY will be held
en SATURDAY. December 3. 1904. at 11
o'clock a. m.. at the offlce of said company,
125 South Main et. (over WellB. Fargo & Co.'a
Back), Salt Lake City, Utah, for the purpose
cf considering and assenting to. or dissent-
ing from, the execution of a rew mortgage
tpon the line of railroad of taid company
extending from a point of connection with
it* original line Juet north of the Ogden
River, in Weber County, Utah, thence west-
erly acrosa Promontory Point and Great Salt
Lake, through the counties of Weber and
Boz Elder, to a connection with the original
line of raid company near and Immediately
wett of Grouse Creek, between Lucln and
Gartney etatlor.s. on eaij line a draft of
which eald propos-ed mortgage 'will be sub-
mitted at paid meeting.
E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
THE California Debria Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process frcm Esther Jackson and John M.
Jackson, in Brown Bear Placer Mine, near
New Mchatrk. Plumaa County, Cal., drato-
Ir.. into Sulchur Creek, which reaches Mid-
dle Fork Feather River, from Shasta Coun-
ty Quartz and Placer Mir.lr.g Co.. in Mur-
derers' Gulch Mine, near Stella, Sha«ti
County, Cal., draining into Clear Creek,
which reaches ¦•Sacramento Jllver. and from
William Nlcholls Jr., in Duryea Placer
Mine, near Red Dog, Nevada County, Cal.,
draining Into Greenhorn Creek, which
readies Bear River, gives notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
at room CS, Flood building, San Francirco
Cal.. Dec. :2. 1304. at 1:30 p. m.
WANTED — Trustworthy man or woman for
smell local office; tve train cur own people-
weekly cash salary. Supt. Local Den't °23
N. 2d et.. St. Louis. ¦'¦-¦
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted; will make $25
to SSO a. day. Call at 212 Parrott building.
ATTOBaXTS-AT-I,AW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear Tit $12 and
Is no good; lor 22 year* Tve made divorces
a epeclalty; quick; quiet: co money needed-
ro pay unless divorce Is granted- perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWH. 1122 Market at.
R. W. KING. Attomey-at-Iaw. Exam, bldg
Cth floor: entrance room 611; established 26
years; cil courts, g-en«Ta.l court and office
practice; no feus In advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. TeL Red 3C01,
AA — Divorce; coats $12; quick.qulet:adrice free-
»:: law business: no charge unless success-
ful ; open evening*. 027 Market at., room 30U
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
bURlnem legally, promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews, C?2 Market, room 23.
ADVICE free; divorce costa $12; no fees or
costs In advance: all law business : office
cpen Saturday evenings. S19 Market et.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304: consulta-
tlon free; no fee* in advance; open evening*.
i^«^— — — —^^-^¦^—^— »^—^— ¦
ASTHMA. CUBE.
3 1 NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
JOr. 25c, 50c. 1002 Market. St. Nicholas;
c!co Wlfhart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
CE2DIT CLOTHIERS.
C. V. AIMUS CO.; 318 Mason ft. — Clothing
•. fcr everybody from hat to thoe*: you can get
v.-hr* vr-u want from us an<i have it charged.
clothujo KEsrovATnra.
fetTIT? cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyelcg. Bon Marcbe. Examiner bldg.,' r. 410;
phone Drumm «. - CaU tor and deliver fro*.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 30, 1904.
11
MURRAY & READY. 634-4536 Clay St.
Phone Main 5S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We cave ; in 15)04 we hope to
CO.UCO men work in 1003. Increase 60,000
COAL MINERS.
OREGON. FREE FARE. OREGON.
FREE FARE. ORKGON. FREE FARE.
Coal miners for a good mine in State of Ore-
gon, by contract, yard and ton; b'.K wages
car. be made <cj this Job; inquire about it.
COAL MINES. OREGON. TOAL MINES.
FREE FARE'. . FREE FARE.
NEW TUNNEL.
f> miners to drive tunnel near city, $75.
LABORIOUS. SEE BObS HERE.
20 laborers; bic company; new work; see
bosa at this office this a. m.
ARE YOU
MARRIED?
Farmer and wife for mine company's farm;
Humbolt; good Job; see boss here; SCO and
found. i
Man and wife; private place: near city:
man for chores; wife to cook: see boss here
to-day. 10 a. m., $40 and found.
Cook and wife: m_ie; 30 men; Nevada, $50
and found.
Farmer and wife; South; good Job, $40 and
found.
Choreman and wife; private ranch] Santa
Clara. . :-¦.* ¦
MISCELLANEOUS.
6AILMAKERS.
4 sallmakers or sailor* used to repairing
falls; $2 50 to $4 a day.
11 farm hands, 4 milkers, 8 choremen and
boy*. --J
COOKS AND WAITERS. . .
Porters, kitchen hands and dish washers.
MURRAY - READY, 634-636 Clay St.
LOOK!
vl^: SPECIALS. /
Paper hanger; long Job; country} $3 afflay.
Cooper slack. work; see bosa here; good place.
CONCENTRATOR.
Man to run concentrator: cold mln«; $75.
|;S' . WOOD TURNER.
! Wood turner and mi 11 man; country: $4 day.
Grainer and painter; country Job; $3 60 day.
DRIVER.
Bakery wa^on driver; city; steady place;
$16 a week. ¦
BAKERS.
3 pie bakers; city places; $16 a week.
BUTCHER.
1 Butcher; country shop: fare $1; $40 and fd.
DRUG CLERK.
Registered drusr clerk; city store; $65.
BOOKKEEPER.
SEE BOSS HERE.
Bookeeper and stenographer; ranch; see boas
here.
Assist on books and typewriter for bank;
see boss here.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
Clerical, technical and salesmen, paying
from $1000 to. $5000 year; communication
strictly confidential; offices In St. Louis and
8 other cities. Call or write Pacific Commer-
cial Bureau (Inc.), 906 Mutual Bank bldg.
MEN — The oniy original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade in S weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 649 Sacramento st.
Lately moved from Clay st. '
A PLEASANT raced, flne appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third et.
BARBERS — Downtown shop with lease; clears)
$130 per month; am going to sell this week to
man who makes best offer. Box 1728, Call.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale; rent, light
and water (hot and cold) $16 50; Inoome
$200 month; price $350. MULLER _ HALL,
92S Second st., Sacramento.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the
barber jtrade. under first-class Instructor;
only 6* weeks required at GILLETT'S
SCHOOL. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall
and custom-house positions. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg., 1095 Market »t. ; open evenings.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 5.0; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; open till 8 p.m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson St.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Mont'gy.. r.415.
FENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
• ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry."
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods salesmen to
sell our buttons on the road as side line in
California, Washington. Montana, Oregon
and adjacent StateB; easily carried; sell
quickly; spring line ready; liberal commis-
sion; the only exclusive button house in the
West; fflve full particulars and references.
CHAS. RUBENS & CO., 267-269 Franklin
• et., Chicago.
HORSES AND WAGONS. M
AUCTION sale horses, Livtrmore, Cal.; will
s^ll CO head of horses, weight from 900 to
1250; will take place 10 a. m., December 8,
1S.CH. J. M. BARRY, Auctioneer.
TO HIRE — A couple of working horses by the
month; also room for a few more boarders.
Columbia Stable. 122& Eddy st.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 610 Golden Gate
FOR "sale^ — 40 business wagons of all kinds at
half price. 1503-5 Folsom st.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
FOR sale — 5 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har.
ness, work & driving horses. 15th-Valenda.
HOUSES TO ZiET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
$45 — HOUSE. 10 rooms; perfect condition; gas
and electric lights; front and back garden.
1C25 Vallejo St., or apply 4 Montgomery ave.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Helchts; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office. ,-'*:¦¦
HOTTSES TO LET — FTTRNISKED.
HOWARD, .2130, near Eighteenth — 8 rooms
and bath; finished basement; rent reason-
able.
MCALLISTER. 943 — 7 rooms and bath, com-
pletely cr partly furnished. :
KOTJSES FtraXTISHED — FOB SALE.
FURNITURE and carpets, 5 rooms; 341 Eighth
st.; cottage for rent. Apply 9 to 12 and af-
j ter 6 p. m.
I FOR Bale — Finely furnished house oF Tl
rooms; very reasonable.. 828 Ellis st.
FURNISHED house, 8 r. and bath; good loca-
tlon: clears $35 mo.; sell cheap. 313 Eddy.
HOTELS. ¦
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Nees~ave!^
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
ceascn or year. Location is unsurpassed. The '
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, runny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
N. Y.. and Moana Hotel. Honolulu. ,.
HOPSE-CXEANINQ O-TICEB.
JAPANESE housecleanlng company and shoe-
maker. 618 Gough st. ; phone Howard 3583. j
INSTALLMENT BUXIdDIKG.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callashan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a m<5nth pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for. circular
INVESTMENTS.
RARE bargains — 100 American .Marconts, $4,
1000 Rhoderick Dhu, 28c: alliother stock on
similar terms. E. COWPER-THWAITB.
' Stockton, Col. '
KEL? WAXTTEP — FEMAXiE-^-Continaed.
PAf-TKY cook, restaurant: no Sunday wcrk:
week ?]0
Pfcstry cook. u>lio<ues.»<;n; sleep home j.'JO
Cfwk; no washing. $o0; second clrl, same
house, San Rafael $25
4 cooks; Gtrman and French cooking.. $'»0-$o5
Mai HnU wife: cook and helper; dairy; city.. $00
Second fiirl, 2 in family $-0
Oeanlnc woman; Institution S20
Cook; private boarding house S25
boosewoi k girls, for country $25
•i housework Klris, city $•'<<>
Housework Tor Sono:-a; fare here $25
Housnvot k; Stockton . .' $ ; W
i 44 goiK-ral ho'usewurk _irl»; city and coun-
try $20, ii:>. 130
Apply to J. F. OROStrrr _ CO.. 334 Sutter.
A— WANTED — Girls to le«.rn haJrdre»jlng.
manicuring, etc. ¦ trade taught from A to 2
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
ruarinteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in Wett. 233 Ceary st.. room 13.
| WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now for
j fall eeason; both K-sfon* taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions a_
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions "to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors, 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
aad evening clas?et>; all parlor work at re-
tvera Trices. 133 Powell *t.
GIRL for greneral h~ii<e-or_ 848 Thirtieth et.
Oakland; call before noon.
WANTED— Girl to assist light housework;
Email family; good home; wages $12 to $15.
J Si'.U Tenth ave.. Richmond: phone- Jackson
| 613. ;'••
OPERATORS wanted on all parts of sHlrts;
steady work year round; best pay. UX.MAN,
SEELIGSOHN & BROWN. 715 Mission st.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-v,
ters. Send stamped envelope for particulars, I
Ideal Mfg. Co.. Caseopolls. Mich.
LADIES for steady home employment; $S and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.. room 01S.
; WANTED— First-class finisher on coats. 533
Kearny et., room 15.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, C p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
ADVERTISEMENTS, mabscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and sub»?rlptlons has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
KELP VAMTED — MALE.
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
806 Market sc, room 825, fifth floor.
O::iv.tr hours, 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store *^5 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $15 week
Tlmtketper $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $18 week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office work .....$15 week
Clerk, city or country $15 week
Youns man learn dentioiry $10 week
4*>tJ Market St., room 325, fifth floor.
GEO. DAVIS & CO..
: EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 130 Sansome St.,
Room 9.
City experienced carpet and furniture sales-
man. $75 month. ».:
Salesman to drum up family liquor trade,
salary and commission.
Salesman for champagne, $20 per week.
Salesman for picture frame dept., $15 week.
Salesman for tcy department, $12 week.
Young man to collect, good chance for raise,
$20 month to begin.
Flrsi-class harctss-makers, good pay.
AT HORD _ SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. H5 Third st.
Young married man to take charge dairy. 8
cows; citv; $40. with furnished rooms;
milk, butler, ee^s and chickens free.
Cook, fll and found, south.
Man for dyehouse, experienced, $15 to $20.
Sollcitore fcr tea and coffee house; big in-
ducements.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' UtvuRD CO.
Young nian. cashier, $20 to start.
Meat boy, to collect and deliver, $17 50.
2 drivers, beer wagon, good pay.
Window-trimmer, card-writer, $100 month.
4 young men, ticket office, $20 start.
Young man to learn drug business, good pay.
6 single-hand miners. $21 a week.
3 experienced advertisers, pcod pay.
Other positions open. Call or write the office,
Rooma, 9 and 10. 61 Third St.
THE Romayn-Shlrk Register. Renting and
Adv. Co.. C12-G13 Grant bldg. South 104.
Two flne appearing watchmakers, $25 week
Four A No. 1 shoe salesmen, $15. $18 week.
A thoroughly competent piano salesman, who
has city acquaintance; best pay right man.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 Commercial st. ; phone Bush 833.
Cook anrt wife, good Job, dairy company, near
city, $. r »0 and found; small crew.
Lcverman. dredger, good salary.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton et.— Cook, pri-
vate family. $50; butler. $40; butler, $50; ele-
vator bey, $10; night watchman, hotel, $15
and found; laundryman, hospital, $35 to $40,
etc.
MAN and wife to cock for men. $50 and found;
porter, country, $20 and found; carriage
painter to rent shop, and others. J. F. CRO-
6ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BITLER: must be willing to do some work;
references required: cood wages. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 418 Powell st.
A^HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Cook. $00; dishwasher, $30; night clerk, $25.
WANTED — By a large soap manufacturer, 8
farmer's sens In each State, with rigs, to
call on the country merchants; salary $100 a
month and expenses ana contract for one
year. Buffalo Chemical Co., Buffalo. N. T.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
evenings; $9 50 wee_ Send addressed en-
velope for particulars Manager Dept. W 12,
box 141L Phlladelphla,_Pa,
TWO up-to-date, prepossessing young men to
sell high-grade proposition; thorough training
for business: chance for advancement. Box
1720. Call office.
ANY person to distribute our samples; $18
weekly; steady. "Empire," 4 Wells st., Chi-
cago.
STRONG boy. about 17, that can drive, to help
in grocery; no bar; state aire and wages ex-
pected. Box 1705, Call office.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply R. D. DAVIS
& CO., Geary st. and Grant ave.
STENOGRAPHER; ajje; experience; previous
employers. Box 1718. Call. *
STEADY barber. Wednesday, Saturday nights
and Sundays; pay $3 50. 235 Eighth st.
WANTED— A puny boy to chew CHICLETS; It
will make him better.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 230 East
street.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a good
trade; steady work; paid while learning;
must have $25 security. Call at 618 Mer-
chant St.. bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
YOUNG men for cruiae to South Sea»; experi-
ence unnecessary. At HERMAN'S, 2t> and
27 Steuart st.
ONE young man to learn the barber trade
In a shop; only method. HAIGHT'S COR-
RECT, 751 Mission st.
BARBER shops bought and sold at Coleman's .
Exchange; country . shops a specialty. ..70S I
Market st , I
WANTED— Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write ehort articles for publica-
tion; $63 per month. Sox 050. Call office.
v5ET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
10 CUc. 571 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
I or 11 Third Bt.. Examiner building;.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes clouts, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; owner
going East. 218 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Young~man with $100 for good
payjn_ legitimate business. Box ISftg. Call.
I WANTED — Man with $300 take charge of of-
I flee; light manufacturing co. Box 551, Call.
j FOR rale — Two-chair ehop: old stand; good lo-
! cation; gocd business. 1547 Mission st.
FINE two-chair barber shop for sale. Inquir*
C. A. TROST. 3C8 Mason st. •
WANTED— 2 or 3 rood second-hand revolving
berb'r chairs. Apply box 1731, Call office.
WANTED — One-chair barber shop; city or
country or opening. Box 1734, Call office.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st.
MUSICIANS to Join brass band. 828 Bush St.",
third floor, room 4. .
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard fit.
(UP AND SAUCER OF THE- NEWEST PATTERN MADE=FREE
I.OBT AND FOUND,
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
¦ name of LEOPOLD RICHTER, No. 272-1233.
I The fined will please return to bank.
A NECK fur; reward of $25 will be paid on
return of neck fur loet In neighborhood of
Menlo Park. San Mateo County. Apply
WELLS-FARGO AGENT, Menlo Park.
LOST — Part, of watch chain and locket on
Seventh st. ; return to 433 Seventh and re-
ceive liberal reward.
$5 REWARD — Lott, brown cocker spaniel; an-
swers to name of Koko; tag No. 2005. Re-
turn to 2210 Jackson st.
LOST — Black dog. with white feet and breast
and tip of tail white; name "Duke"; reward.
3009 Jackson st.
LOST — On Bush St., between Powell and Mills
building bunch -of keys and purse; return
to 705 Mills building.
LOST — Tuesday, near Sacramento st and Van
Sets ave., a bunch ot Key.s. fKetUrn to E. J.
HAMILTON, -101 Van Ness; reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco, No. 176G8; the finder
will Dlease return to bank.
LOST — On Monday evening, ladles' open-faced
gold watch and pin; monogram on back. M.
E. B. Return 636 Howard, receive reward.
LOST— Locket ad. in Nor. 26 for 417H Third |
no address to answer; reward if returned.
LOST— A Scotch collie dog. Reward by re-
turning; tha same to £8 O'Farrell, after 1 p.m.
BET. Harrison, 11th, 16th and Mission, dia-
mond pin. Return 2018 Mission st. ; reward.
LOST — All worry and care by every chewer
of CHICLETS.
$2 60 REWARD for return of cocker spaniel
pup, lost from 2700 22d St., cor. of Tork.
' LOST— A silver watch and chain, with heart
charm, year 18S8. Return 1259 O'Farrell st.
LOST — Leather wallet containing accounts and
cards. H. D. Chase, 23 East st.; reward.
LOST — Umbrella, at Tlvoli promenade circle,
Sunday night. 510 Fulton St.; reward.
LOST — Check on Seattle National Bank; pay-
ment stopped. Return to 2117 Bush; reward.
LOST— Locket ad in Nov. 26 for 417%~Thlrd~;
no address to answer. Reward if returned.
I_HUNCH_S FOB H__E.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTKESSES ANP PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1482-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
- ¦ MEPIOA-u
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no cay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe ;
estab. If 84 In S. F. ; 26 years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin Is well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
ladles suffering from irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours, 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. m. 850 Market st.. second floor.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1; est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100$*4 Market St., opp. Sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, nick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no druga.no operations.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, Bure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th: lad leg, relief or do fee; $10.
MINES ANP MINING.
FOR sale — 1200 acres of placer gold claims at
$2 per acre; California property; prospects
very good. Inquire M. BROPHY, Peralta
ave. and old county road, Frultvale, Cal.
anSOEIiIJANEOUS— ~O~ BAXtlB.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Maetic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on email weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, cells or rents gear machinery, en*
glnes, boilers water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear St.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
weddJng rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; w«, pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
FOR sale — 10-horsepower gasoline engine; in
perfect order; reasonable price. Inquire 549
Sycamore St., Oakland.
WANTED — A cat; must be a good ratter. 1016
Broadway, Call office.
FOR sale, cheap — Family silver and plated
wara and flne books. 1436 Ellis st.
A VERY fine diamond sunburst broach; a
bargain; $225. 10 Sixth st.
HIGHEST cash price raid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter .it.
STOVES disconnected and connected; $2 50;
plumblng,gapfitng.4O9 McAlllster;tel.Mint 3CS6
TOWEY'S furniture polish, removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 523 Market st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
I hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st '
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CUR1TY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 3J9 Third; tel. Main 413.
DKSKS bought, sold and . exchanged. T. D.
I' McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st.; tel. South Sll.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11' p. m. j ,
an:sCE-r.A2rEOTT3 wants.
AAAAA A— Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
. *ff clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones " bought for
cash: KARL EBER & CO., room 405, Ad-
ams. bldg.. 206 Kearny st.'; phone Black 3036.
Levy _ Redler, highest price for gents*, cast-off
,- clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544: 615 .Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
1 theatrical goods. 154 Oth sL ; tel. Jessie 3919. '
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment, residence and unimproved
property will be held at our salesroom. 20
Montgomery St.. Tuesday. December «, 1904.
at 12 o'clock noon
REFEREE" SALE.
155-7-9 San Carlos ave.. east line, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth sts.: 4 flats of 3
rooms each; rent $45 per month; lot 23x80.
NO. 2.
Tenth ave., between N and P sts.. being lots
14, If. and 18 of block 210 O*Nell _ Haley
tract,
TRUSTEE SALE.
By order of U. S. District Court.
1563-5 Fulton st.. between Baker and I>yon:
2 modem flats of 6-7 rooms and bath each:
would readily rent for $35 per month; lot 25
xl37:6.
TRUSTEE SALE.
i!13 Union St.. between Kearny and Mont-
gomery; cottage of « rooms and lot 2_ : W,2 : <i.
HOWARU-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
10«8 Howard st.. ¦ NW. line, between Sixth
and Seventh; improvements consist of store and
3 flats of 6-7 rooms and bath each; rents $87 50;
lot 2Gx9O.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
SB. corner Grove and Buchanan sts.; Im-
provements consist of store, flat and two>
story dwelling; rents $64 per month, which are
low; lot 31:3x72.
CHOICE FLATS FRONTING PARK.
1 848-50-52 Stanyan St., east line, between
"Waller and Frederick sts.; 3 very desirable
flats of 7-10 roc.ms and bath each; rents $03
per month: nicely located and overlooking
Golden Gate Park; lot 25xlC6:3.
OAK-ST. FLATS.
429- ?4 Oak St.. and 332- Vi Lily ave.. be-
tween Laguna and Buchanan sts. ; 2 Rats of
5-4 rooms and bath each and 2 cottages of 3
rooms each; rents $60 60 per month; bank
mortgage of $3500 at 6 per cent can remain;
lot 25x120.
MINNA-ST. LWESTM_NT.
622 Minna st.. NW. line, near Seventh: S
flat* of 4-5 rooms and rear house of 2 rooms:
rents $37 per month; lot 25x75; a splendid
I hcldlns for Income and future enhancement:
bank mortgage of $2500 at 6 per cent can re-
RICIIMOND PROPERTIES.
SE. corner Twenty-seventh ave. and Clement
St.; size 60x100.
NO. 2.
North line of Point Lobos ave.. near Twen-
ty-seventh; 27:6x100.
MENDOCINO COUNTY RANCH.
160 acres on a county road, 80 acres redwood
and sugar pine, SO acres tillable and balance
posture land; suitable for stock ranch; plenty
of acorns; watered by living stream and
sprlngi; flne marine view; no buildings; 8
miles from steamer landing. 1 mile from Point
Arena Hot Springs.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
Panoramic marine view lots; Pacific Heights;
slzhtly and sunny; ready for building; street
work all done; east side of street; In sub-
divisions "to suit; the choicest and cheapest
that are offered; very few lots have such a
pretty view; cars pass. Call at office for par-
tlc"lars.
$1,700 each — Union st.. on sunny side; 2 lots.
27:6x110; ready for building; marina
view; the cheapest lots in W. A.: splen-
did location for flats; cars pass; thes*
lots must be sold.
$18,500— Two first-class Van Ness ave. flats,
extra well built, solid and substantial;
?large lot. 35x125; 2 additional flats can ,
be added; on good income property, both.
•> rented. »
$1,900— 11th ave.. E. side. 225 ft. south from
Point Lobos ave.; large lot. 50x120; lot
graded, street graded, macadamized and
sewered: well located; very cheap; suit-
able for four flats.
$2,000 — E. line 21st ave.. bet. Lake and Cal-
ifornia; 50x120; choicest lot to Rich-
mond; grand marine view.
$3,600— E. line 21st ave., near Lake. 90x120;
flne marine view.
fC.000— Clement-st. corner, 120x75; suitable for
12 flats; a large lot; a flne buy; Just
what it cost lG"year» ago; not far out.
$4, BOO — Cottage residence in Richmond.
$6,000 — Green-st. residence. 8 rooms, bath-
room, large basement; lot 2*5:9x137:6;
offered on account of departure; owner
wants to sell; a nice home.
W. J. GUNN.
B30 CALIFORNIA ST.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of Saa
Francisco baa only a small area of
Ocean Beach T
Astounding prices will be obtained for lots
"fronting the ocean in near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park. _
$450 to $1000— Unobstructed ocean and par-
view Lots on easy terms. None like
• them in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss this opportunity; see.
them to-day.
$100 to $350— Near park and ocean; $3 monthly..
Get off car at our Oceanslde branch office oa
corner H st. and 47th ave.. open daily
and Sunday.
$300 to $1100 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On Installments.
— — — — . .- . .
$100 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lot*.
Near cars. $5 monthly.
$1250 to $3000 — Modern cottages In Sunset,
Richmond. Oceanside and Mission;
easy terms.
BOL GBTZ Sk SON, Owners and DeiUrs,
Room 54, fourth floor, Chronicla bid*.
SOME MOB— SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.'
Choicest lots. Excelsior Homestead Tract;
Vvel as a billiard table; on rrad«: clow* to
. .i« school and Mission street elect rto cars;
bv rd to double in value.
! 10 per month, no taxes, fin* lota. n«a*
Ocean Boulevard: beat rcaldeno* location
south of Golden Gate Park. Gat Um eUldrva
one for Christmas.
W. J. WHITE, ,, . -
.0 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Paon. Mala S7QC
SFlsclAi B^°££wo.
Fine business corner, centralTy toc&tsd;
store basement and Cats; well rented; la •
flne business location; lot 27xS5.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st.
$2f>75 — WELL built modern house. 9 rooms,
basement; porcelain bath: lanr* yard: near
Geary st. cars. THORNE & K_LPATIUCK. .
812 Bush st.
$2000— CORNER lot, 100x113; Sew&rd anit
Douglass sts. $1730— Corner lot. Bl:ftxllO;
Hill and Noe sts. $1000— Corner, 2 lots. San-
chez and Palmer sts. Send for our monthly
circular. D. COFFIN. 2523 Mission st,
near Twenty-flrst. ,
NEW. sunny flats. $7000: half cash: Golden
Gate ave.. near Central ave.: 5 and 8 rooms,
bath; attics; 2 basements; rooms tinted and
frescoed; open dally; street work complete.
$1400— TERMS If desired; 88-ft. front; bloc*
of 19th and Valencia: street work complat*.
The Dolan Co., 1607 Market, opp. Franklin.
MODERN cottages on terms: sane aa rent.
Apply owner, lumber yard, corner Army
end Condon sts.
$9500— INCOME $1020; tax paid 1 : 4 flats, t
blocks from Market st. 1517 Market st.
HOUSES built cheap: plans free: easy pay-
ments. Room 436. Parrott bldr.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumber*. 836 Howard st.
' SA2ST MATXO B~A— ESTATE.
IjOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electrta
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts. ;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond where
the S P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-ofT' will Joia
the main line; 50-foot lots from $KK> up.
terms from $10 to $50 down and balance at
rate of $10 a month: sewer 'and water pipes
In front of every lot; pure artesian well
water; over cne-half lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
In this desirable section: take the electria
cars and get off at "T-OMITA PARK" aad
Investigate; — iap» sent on application.
SELBY RODGER3 & CO..
116 California st.: Tel. Main 673.
POINT R_CB_CO3r~ BEAIt ESTATE.
ELEGANT corner lot. 55x110. for sale. Se«
» owner. 017A Dolores St.
TTPgWBJTEKS AJ91Jj£nr~FXiXE3.
ArT^eptsoMllyiiooorNo. 2 Remington. Na. I
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher snd lower prices; rentals $2 50. Ths
Typewriter Kxchange. £36 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wobater Tyyen -ruing Inspec. Co.. SC8 Mark't.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See P»se Twelve*
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
- INTEREST 0% AND 6 PER CENT
CITT.- OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY :.........;
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop.
ertx, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
- legacies and undivided interests In property
purchased. -
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements ; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or ::<i
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
-•!•- of property.
Location, etc.
, Box 223. Call otflca.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc.. at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate:
I 1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 38 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market; tel. Main 1U44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St..
near Market.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels- no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward: rea-
sonable Interest. A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Ca, 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California St., rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid*.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
¦ lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
S MONET WANTED.
WANTED— $700 on good real estate security.
Address C. H., Lorln station. Cal.
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock In S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary St., S. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY going East must sell large Steinway
upright; cost $7C0; price, $285; will accept
payments; no reasonable cash offer refused.
237 Gearv st.
"A SMALL Steinway upright; cost $500; $1S5
takes it. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; coet $350; will sell for $96.
237 Geary st.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A oinull upright, good order $55
One a little better, a snap $95
£todart. mahogany case, flne condition.. $135
Grovestcen _ Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fischer, slhoroughly repaired $ieo
Bechsteln, a high-grade German instru-
ment $170
Also a Chlekerlng, Vose, Steinway, Weber,
Mason _ Hamlln, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16
O'Farrell st
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 660 Hayes St.
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights, new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Plerce's Piano Factory, Market St 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post St.
NEW upright pianos eold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Bteinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORE3 TO LET. _
MARKET. 710 — Front suite of rooms for of-
fli.-es; central location.
_^ PEBSO-fAI.3.
A WORD TO THE LADIES.
Call and investigate MME. GILLING-
HAM'S wonderful work of art; two ladles
can be seen (one aged 72 years) at her office
dally. Why go through life with a wrinkled,
sallow, sunken. and flabby face when a sci-
entific treatment can change you to youth
and beauty? Mme. GUUngham stands at the
head of her profession; she has no equal.
Call and be convinced.
Office, 14.'{ Stockton St., corner Geary.
A — A GREAT reduction for this month only:
it Is between seasons; a special reduced rate
on prices made from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1 for
wrinkles, bagglness, pittings and freckles;
from this date I will be in- my office from
10 to 5 daily; will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS. Beautyder-
— tlst, 128 Geary st.
ALL bills contracted before the 1st of Dec. at
the Elysium Restaurant. 570 Geary st.. city,
must be collected by that date, as we will
not be responsible for any bills after the
above date.
C. P. ANTUNICICH & CO
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
— ' ' *
T)R. ROWELL'S Fire o* Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 40 Turk at.. S. F.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles.. Office. 320 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary et. MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S90. 2122 Fl'lmore st.: phone Geary 2053$
AT less than cost; uncalled tor suits, overcoats?
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down snd $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
DETECTIVI3 — Private detective; all classes le-
gitimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS, 810 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2634^
THANKS to the trained nurse who introduced
< CHICLETS In the sick room.
C. E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; country
orders. 305 Larkln. r. 49. tel. South 319.
H. ANDERSON,~28 O'Farrell st. — Theatrical,
masquerade . and carnival costumer.
SUITS to order on lnstallments"of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 729 Market st.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
.Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in flne clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC light baths; ' hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st. -
WANTED — Worklngmen . to 6 get their winter
underwear at P.- FELIZ'S. 352 Third St.
ELEGANT suits to order.^extra pants "or fancy
; vests. --, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, J 850 Market.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton,3eO Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary.r.38.
__U»LO"rK— STT -TAHTEE* — Male—Ccn. j
IKST-O-— S3 gardener and coachman wants
s tvi&tion; is sober, reliable and trustworthy;
beta city and cuuntry rers. Box 1844. Call.
EB—Y n:an wants situation; single; no
i«,d habit*; rets. Uos l&Sti. Call.
COACHMAN and earJener wants » posltion;
.av f.r>t-cla*s r«!erencfs. Box 3356. CaJl.
ECZEMA CP-E. . |
" f"'EE for any case of eczema, salt rheum \
• i arber itch that I can't cure; a trial treat- '
¦ -.: free DR. BROWN', 64 Sixth st. (
r-TAgCIAL.
rnE REALTY SYNDICATE.
.-srits! paid iu $4,600,000 00
Pvrr-la* 940,901 86
Issue*
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
orflce — No. 1* Sansome »t..
San Francisco, Cal.
¦
OCK In th« Oakland Cremation Association
for tale. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 47t»
Trr.t- st.. Oakland. '
CC—PANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
*o!J: strong Eastern connection?: advice free.
VTrtte A. F. HARASZTHY, t22 Cro«sl»y bldg.
FLATS TO __T.
a— HOUSES s£>d fi*t» to let; aa immees* list; |
*.rvic* absolutely free; take advantage of |
\t:t departs lent; It will sav* you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-Si) Geary
kt., ca t— « square.
— — — — —
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
elnble racant place In Ban Francieco on
cur ::«*: •crvlce absolutely free; Jet us find
jru a place; come in and let u» know what
rtr.i ycu wast to pay and the locality; "we
to the rest." Sterling Furniture Company, j
1039 Market tt.. opp. McAllister. !
Jl'ET completed, 3 very e-lecant flats of 7, fi, J
8 rooms: social haJI a<nd sttic. beam ceilings,
r«ne!e<i din lag -room. 1334-S6-3S McAllister,
near Steiner; rent very moderate.
IN Mission: Homettead St., near 24th; $22 50,
K5: *well new fiats: 5-fl rooms, bath; sunry;
near school. Apply BALDWIN & HOWELL.
L'5 Post *t.
OOLPEN GATE ave., near Central ave — New,
scaay flats, tinted and frescoed, 5 rooms,
bath. $j0: 6 rooms, bath, attic. $.'E5; open
aaily.
A FLAT of f> rooms and bath. 49 Sanchez st..
b*>t. Thirteenth and Fourteenth, north of
Market; $25. ,
ELEGANT modern flat. 7 rooms and bath; sun
in every room; garden, lawn, view; rent rea-
{¦"-natie. !*Sri Fell «t.
E'.LIS, £2S — 2 elerant sunny parlors and
Kitchen, recently finished, for business and
dwelling I'Urrofes. $.J0.
A LOWER flat cf 4 rooms. large hall, gas,
yard. 1519 '4 Leavenworth st.
HAYES. 1747, nr. Park entrance^ — Sunny mod-
ern flats: 3 and 5 r.. bath: rent $12 to $22 50.
CASTRO, €73. nr. 20th — New sunny flat. 6 rms. ;
latent Improvements; reas. to good tenant.
ELEGANT new flat; 6 large sunny rooms and
bath. 1737 Page ft., near Golden Gate Park.
ELLIS. 735B— Lower flat, six rooms, bath; all
modern conveniences.
GREEN". 1314A. bet. Larkln and Polk — Six
rwjtr.s; bath; very sunny.
HAIGHT. ST.2 — Upper flat, 7 rooms and bath.
LARGEST »« of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYON A- HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MODERN upper flit. 5 rooms and bath. 5b~5
Twenty-fourth Ft.; rent $22 50.
NEARLY new flat to let; 4 rooms and bath.
33C Tefcama et.
XEW, urper. 6-room and bath: rent $25. 53
DouplasE st.. bet. 17th and ISth.
NEW modrrn flat of r, rooms; sun In every
room; ?27 60. 2CW5 Folocm St.. near 22d.
OCTAVIA. 405. cor. Fell — Flat 5 large rooms,
bath. yard, hiaseir.ent; modern improvements.
ITPER flat. 5 rooms and bath. 627 Hill sC.
near Captro.
6 ROOMS and bath. 30 Bluxoroe St., near
4th; all in good order; rent $17.
$22 SO — NEW modern flat, 5 rooms, bath and
basement. 132 Eureka «.. near Eighteenth.
J_5 — New sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath. North-
west ccrner Noe and 24th ets.
PI.AT** POB S%I.E— rTJ~3TCSHEl>.
A MODERN. s»unr.y upper flat cf 7 large rooms,
completely furnished; carpets, linoleum and
hangings bougrht of Sternnir's for cash 14
weeks apo; a bargain; obliged to go to Mon-
tana. 817 Jonee et.. near Bush.
A QUIET light HBB7 5-room flat; large yard:
furnished cozy home, $100; low rent. 176
Colllngwootl St.. near Eighteenth and Castro.
PIERCT*. 407— $2«0; furniture of an 8-room
Cat: this is a f>x_p.
8-ROOM modern flat, nicely furnished: rooms
all rented: bargain: 12 to 8. 1178 Ellis st.
IXATS TO IiET— ~~~tKISgEP.
NEATLY furnlehed sunny corner flat. 4 rooms
and bath. $20. 1936 Golccn Gate ave.
mntaiTU—E waj»--_p.
ABE l-i*tfT|
Salesroom, USS Market et. Tel. Jesslt 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay SO per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP. MR. 1638 Market: phone Jessie 2338.
CALL en Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be-
fei* selling your furniture. Phone Bed 4462.
j rpBjrrrTJBE tor sale
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
ttfture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush S13
FURNITURE tor sale of 5-room cottage; piano-
price J1W). 11C8A Valencia et.
' GEO. DAVIS & CO..
Eployment Arency. 130 Sansc— .e St.. room ».
Balesiady; skirts and wrape; $10 w«e_
Saleslady; hosiery and neckwear; $9 per
week.
Eale«l_dy In notion store; to take charj*; $C0
month.
Saleslady; -distant: $20 month.
Experienced sateslady In crockery depart-
ment; $10 week.
Experienced lady oa numbering machine In
bindory; $10 week.
Experienced lady In bakery; must speak
German; $_0 month. \
Ladies to wcrk on n«ckw tar; $S-$3 per week.
AN A No. 1 family cook, seren people $35
Girls and women for housework J20-J25
Girls, nurse girls, all good places $15
Hotel waitresses: please call to-day.
Experienced necktie hands; best Job In city.
R/xjm 812, Grant Building; South 104.
A YOUNG woman (Protestant) as assistlns:
matron in an orphanage out of town ; $2j,
board and room. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutler «t.. near PowelL
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or epare time, and return to
us;, bo mailing or canvassing; $» weekly
earned; tr.atf-rialf free; enclose self-addressed
envelope for r*rt!culars. GUARANTEE
CO.. No. W 12 Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTKD — Experienced salesladies; those fa-
miliar with crockery business preferred; j
rtate cxpr-rience. reference and salary ex- j
i*cted. Bex 1723. Call office. ,
WANTED — Youns; woman who is a flrst-claes
4ry gorxif wrapper. Apply between 9 and
31 a. m. at HALE BEOS.'
WANTED — Experienced and inexperienced
rirlc for bindery. Apply at SANBORN.
' - 4 IL A- CO.. 741 Market «_
•'• r;r:«T-CLASS tailored* and an apprentice
'anted on custom coats; steady work; good
Miy. r»33 N atoms ft.
: >>'ANTED — A houFekeerwr for lodging- bouse; !
?I00 <.arh fwcurJty required. Box 4725. Call. I
''•ANTED- Lady s-ilirltor to travel: golden op-
I' rtunity to right party. Box 171», CaJl.
— A fim-clats sewing machine oper-
•_*. 113» Mission.
WANTED — Flm-class eleevem akers. J.
_J_*2CR. I2Q0 Geary et.
'ANTED — Every r!*fer I", town to ask her
____t her to Blve v-r CHICLETS.
WANTED— Young lady assistant at 467 GeaVy
n. Tar bath parlors.
WA . XTE fhr Toua « rirl to assist In "ii7lH~_ou*el
•vork. ,M McAllister sx
"R.E.X.R.A.D.I.O.'S B.U.L.L.E.T.I.N.':
L.A.S.T W.E.E.K.'S "S.A.M.P.L.E.S."
"REXRADIO'S" humaniied Rdfaium (NON-
MEDICAL.) healing. Benefits usually quick,
often INSTANT. Consultation tree. 2 to 7
p. m. Free "public" healing TO-DAY. 2
and 8 p. m .. t Fourth St., corner Market.
CIRCULAR.
"SHE DANCES"— Crippled by paralysis for
years, feeling gone, dragged foot, couldn't
raise it or put it forward, couldn't "creep"
along slowly without support; alter Rex-
radio's ONE treatment all these troubles
ceased; "feeling" returned, foot didn't drag,
put It forward fully, walked naturally with
"long" steps and NO SUPPORT, raised foot
18 Inches. "On reaching home 1 actually
was able to DANCE, a thing I had never
expected to do the balance of my long life.
(NAME given.) ¦'¦¦¦- >¦- »/','
"THE! CLOSE" — "My long (unclosing)
ANCHYLOSED fingers were (last week) in-
stantly loosened and closed on my palm
after Rexradio's ONE treatment. Four
years doctors and medicines had utterly
failed to help. I came from Sacramento for
treatment and am abundantly satisfied.'
(NAME at offices.) .
"FACIAL PARALYSIS" — "Cheek and lip par-
alyzed and without feeling; ONE treatment
by Rexradio and feeling returned and I could
naturally control the parts." (NAME given.)
"NEURALGIA was chronic and severe; ban-
ished promptly last week." (NAME given.)
"LAMENT~_S from chronic SCIATICA, prompt-
ly cured last week. I ran and JUMPED."
(NAME given.)
"THREE SECONDS' treatment by Rexradio
made many years' 'DEAF* ear hear clearly
at 30 feet." (Hundreds more.)
"CONSUMPTION" — "Rexradio's treatment
(last week) astonishingly helped me." (Name
given.)
"DROPSY"— "My bloat was very large; last
week Rexradio quickly reduced It." r . .
"POWERLESS HAND" — "Couldn't grasp or
hold things in my PARALYZED hand; Rex-
radio's (one) treatment enabled me to do I
both naturally last week." (NAME given.)
"BALMY SLEEP"— "Rexradio's SINGLE
treatment wonderfully relieved my afflictions
and my INSOMNIA departed. Same night I
had the soundest, sweetest sleep I ever had
in all my life. I am greatly satisfied with
these unexpected, wonderful results of Rex-
radio's FIRST treatment." (Name given.)
"QUICK AS A FLASH"— "Rexradio expelled
my terrible LUMBAGO and I 'bent,' touch-
ing floor with hands,' RAN and LEAPED;
all before impossible." (Name given.)
"RHEUMATISM" — "Could not raise feet oO
floor least movement agonizing. Rexradio's
(first) treatment killed all pain, removed
muscle 'contractions,' and instantly I threw
my foot (painlessly) over the top of a high
chair back." (Name given). [
"DEAF MUTES"— Several recently have (by
8 seconds' treatment) been enabled to HEAR
and SPEAK what they heard. CROWD of
witnesses. DOUBT it 7 Well, bring some
and watch results!
"ANCHYLOSED JOINTS" have been quickly
freed so they moved naturally, and all
LAMENESS ceased. DENY It who may.
Rexradio CAN and often DOE3 accomplish
these wonders.
"OSSIFIED LADY" — Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bart-
lett Joints of arms, limbs, etc.. Immovably
"soild" for years — same as bricks Joined by
cement— yet ONE treatment by Rexradio
made all the Joints move naturally. No
man on earth but Rexradio co-.ld get such
results. (SEE her and BE CONVINCED.)
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA"— Many persons
CRIPPLED by It, others literally HELP-
LESS, powerless, have been quickly and
marvelously helped by Rexradio.
"$1000 FORFEIT" If above cases are not
GENUINE FACTS; absolute PROOFS at
offices. This work Is STRAIGHT, however
CROOKED persons may "deny" it.
••y_VRGE CIRCULAR" now ready, CROWDED
"with MULTITUDE of wonderful cases.
CALL for it. NEW circular published
WEEKLY.
"DISTANT TREATMENTS"— Many invalids
In. "remote" places have been marvelously
helped. i •
"BEDRIDDEN" sufferers have been quickly
(some INSTANTLY) helped and enabled to
' RISE from their beds right away.
"FREE PUBLIC HEALING" In view of au-
dience TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. Daily office
hours 2 to 7. RADIUM HALL. 1 Fourth St..
corner Market. CUT THIS OUT AND MAIL
' TO SICK FRIENDS. See ads In this
column DAILY.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 B0.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
¦ ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its nautral color.$l at all druggists*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
*<" pa?e« In wrapper, for mailing- $1 per rear.
PARTNERS WANTED.
STEADY man wanted as partner In cash busi-
ness to do plain light work; sure profit of
$75 to each per month; capital required, $175.
632 Market St.. room 6.
PHYSICIANS AND StfBQEONaL^
DR~c~C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 Vx Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to disease* of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st,. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All die-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
PATH— TS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 832 Market at.
t puBCH— .snfo AO~~a~e».
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. SOS Larkln St.. room 4»; tel. South 319.
PBOrOSAI.3.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Board of Directors of the
Veterans' Home of California, at Its office.
Room 13. 32O Sansome et., #in Francinco.
California, up to 11 o'clock a. m .. Satur-
day, December 8, l»04, and opened Immedi-
ately thereafter In the presence .of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and cominlsoary supplies, etc., for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, California
(railroad station. Yountvllle, f. o. b.) for
six months, commencing January 1. 1906.
and endinr June SO. 10O5. Schedules with
information and instructions for submitting
bids will be furnished upon application by
the undersicned. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules, and no ¦
bid will be considered unless It is In ac-
cordance with such schedules. Bids must
bo made on samples submitted whenever
called for In the schedule. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent, of
the amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Klnne. Treasurer, conditioned that the bld-
aer will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance, as required
by law. The Board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Preference will ba given to goods manufac- !
tured or produced in this State, price, fit- 1
ness and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions ot Section 3247 of the Political Code.
Address John F. Sneehan, Secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home
cf California. Room 13. 320 Sansome St., San
Franrisco Callf«m!a. By order of the Board
of Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secre-
tary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C. until 10 o'clock a. m.,
December 13. 1904, and publicly opened im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish about 2.C0O.-
000 pounds of alcohol for the U. S. Navy.
Blank proposals will be furnished upon ap-
plication to the Navy Pay Office*. New
York. N. Y., and San Francisco, Cal., or to
the Bureau. H. T. B. HARRIS, Paymaster
General U. S. N. 11-10-04
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wheatland for sale, untaxable. bearing 5
per cent Interest; «erial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5. 1904, cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid
For Information address R. N. ¦ MURPHY.
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
qEOAIiJWOTIC~3.
ALL outstanding bills against P. F. Glsason.
owner of salocn at 1912 Market st., must be
presented before Nov. 30, as he will sell out
on above date.
ALL debts against A. GAZE of 225 Third st.
(cigar stand) must be presented by Dec. 1.
.180*. as I am selling out. A. GAZ__Mrs. Matilda Devitt was awarded
$5000 damages from the Florstin Pulp
and Paper Company by a Jury in
Judge Graham's court last night. The
suit was on account of the death of
• her son, Boone Devitt, who was killed
! while in the employ of the paper com
pany. The mother sued for $25,000.
Mother Wins Damage Suit.
A warrant has been Issued for the
arrest of Jerry Balbertl. a cattleman.
He is accused by Adeline Trostl of
having borrowed money on her In
dorsement to invest In a cattle deal.
The woman claims that on April 5,
1502. at Reno, Nev., Dalbertl induced
her to back a note for ?10.000. She
says that he .has disappeared and has
not made the note good, though the
cattle deal was successful.
Warrant for Cattleman.
The triduum at SL Peter's Church
in honor ofthe golden Jubilee of tha
definition of the immaculate concep
tion closed last evening with an elo
quent sermon by the Rev. Philip
O'Ryan. Father O'Ryan said that tha
doctrine of the Immaculate concep
tion is much misunderstood outside
the Catholic church. It means that
the blessed virgin, by a special privi
lege and through the foreseen merits
of her divine son. was preserved free
from the stain of original sin. All of
us, he said, when born into this world
are stained with original sin. It I;*
only through the merits of Jesus
Christ applied to us in the sacrament
of baptism that the grace of God ia
infused into our souls.
Triduum at St. Peters.
Ivan G. Tread well to Treadwell & Co., lot
en SW corner of Seventeenth and Hartford
streets, W 102 by S 91:3: also lot on W lino
of Noe street. 145 S of Seventeenth. S 125 by
W 125; also lot on N line of Sutter street. 35
E of Buchanan. E 52:6 by N 87:6: also lot on
E line of Masonic avenue. 5O S of Fulton
street. E 100. S 50, E 31:1. SW 25:3%. W
127:3V- N 75; also lot on: NE corner of Hayes
street and Masonic avenue, E 52:4, NE 101:1%,
W 67:6 S 100; also lot on E line of Masonic
avenue 11(1 S of Hayes street. S 04 ;7, SE 10:5.
NE 101:1%. W 23:3%: also lot on S line of
Hayep street, 150 W of Masonic avenue, W
J«O S 79:5)4. SE 102:6. N 99)*; also lot on
NE* corner of Hayes and Ashbury streets, N
125. E 100. N t2:6. E 90:9, S 137:6. W 190:S;
als«o lot en NE corner of Grove and Clayton
strtets, N 125, E 100:3. N 12:6. E 100. S 1.57:6,
W 206:3: also lot on NW corner of Grove street
and Masonic avenue. N 123. W 100:3, N 12:6,
W S4:4 S 137:6, E 190:7; also lot on NW ccr
ner of Hayes and Ashbury »tre«t». W" 206:3.
K 137:6. E 10f>. S 12:6. E 106:3. S 125; also lot
on S Mn^ f>f Hayes street. 21 W of Ashbury.
W 42:6. S 27:4%. SE 43:2. N 33%; also lot en
NW <orner of Orove and Clayton streets, W
2C6-.1 N 137:0. E 100, S 12:6. E 106:3, S 123:
al>«o lot on S line nt Grove street. 112:6 W of
Clayton. W .%0. S 266:1074. SE 47:10Vi. E
"•10 N 275: •ils'O lot on E line of Cole street.
127:5 S of «}rov*\ E 100. S 137:4)i, SW 02:3)i.
NW 19:11. N 123; al!«o lot on N line of Fulton
street 74»:1 W of Masonic avenue. W 263:3.
N 139 SE 258:2%. S 8:Ui. E 6:10, S 97:10;
also lot on NW corner of Fulton street and
Mascnic avenue. W 133.10. N 25:7%, SE
134:9. s> 11:10: also lot on W Un* of Masonic
avenue, 11:10 N of Fulton. NW 134 :J». N
John and Ella Anderson to Edwin I>. Har
per, lot on S line of Hill street, 205 E of
Cflftro, E 25 by S 114: $10.
Charles W. Sutro to Henry H. and Josephine
A. MacVine. lot on E line of Tremont street.
41S:tt S of Frederick, S 27:6 by E 86; $10.
Minna and Herman Stettin to Relnhold Stet
tin lot on N line of Carl street. 125 W of
Clayton. W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Anna C. Sc'honlng to Belle C Harmes (wife
of John C). lot on E line of Spruce street,
1OO:2>.4 N of Clay, N 27:6 by E 107:6; $10.
William E. and Mary C. Orfcorn to Dorothea
H Katz. lot on S line of Clay street. 104:6
W of Locust. W 33 by S 102:8)4: $10.
Ada M. Freltas to Richard and Sophl*
Speckter, lot en E line of San Carlos avenue,
169 N of Twenty-first street. N 25 by E 75; $10.
Helen Kuhl to Mary Goodman, lot on N
line of Haight street. 137:6 W of Broderick,
\V 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Joseph T. and Mary Goodman to Mary Mo
Devitt. same; ?10.
Josephine S. Love to Eleanor M. Love, lot
on N line of Clay street, 123:6 W of Polk,
W 51 :G by N 127:S»4: tfi".
Eleanor M. Love to Josephine S. Love, life
estate same; gift.
Emma G. Butler to Carlotta T. Hunkln
(wife of S. J.), lot on S line of Sutter street,
144:3 E of Pierce, E 34:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Julius Bunxel to Dina Bunzel, lot on S lint
of Oak street, 106:3 E of Scott, E 25 by S
137:6; elft.
TUESDAY. NOVEMEER 20.
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Callfornlans tn New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29. — The follow*
Ins Callfornlans arrived In Ne«* TorSB
to-day:
From San Francisco — H. A. Cohan,
at the Belleclare; R. I* Dunn, at th»
Imperial; A. Miller and wife, at tha>
Algonquin; Miss E. Peters, at tha
Cumberland; J. C. Schleck and wifs.
at the Herald Square; F. Van Duaer.
at the- Marlborough; B. Baruch. at
the Astor; M. J. Coyle. at the Murray
Hill; J- A. Ewing. at the Astor; Mrs.
R. J. Harding, at the Grand Union: J.
L. Jones, at the Vendome; T- F. Kelly;
and wife, at the Rossmore; A. I*
Meyersteln, at the Astor.
.From Los Angeles — E- B. Adams, at
the Herald Square; C. Gardner and.
wife, at the Grand Union; J. A. Hen
derson, at the Herald Square.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 30 :S5 jPort Costa... — —
Marln Co... — 09%|S V Wat Co. 39 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% — |S F G & E. 56H 56S
Mutual E L. 10 11 |Stkn G & E. — ? 5ft
Pac L Co... 5UH — |U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 323 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l30 — |L P & A 150 —
Anjtlo-Cal ..88 — |Mer Trust — 230
Bank of Cal. — 425 i.Merch Ex 50 —
Cal Safe Up. 151 M> — IS F National — —
First Nationl — 370 |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — |Sav & L So. . — 1C0
Hum S & L. — — ISeft Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — K>r> lUnion T Co.. — — '
S F Sav U.610 675 |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C0 IPresldlo 40 42
Geary — 4') |
POWDER.
Giant 62 i»3>.J|Vigorit — 4H
Hawaiian C. 74 • 74Vi|Makaweli C 33U —
Honokaa S C 3S>U 19%|Oncmea S C. — 34*4
Hutch S P C 15% l."*4iPaauhau S C. 20% —
Kilauea S C. 6 7Mj!
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 03 96 (Oceanic S Co. 5*4 —
Cal F C A. VS% 09li|Pac Aux FA. 4^ —
Cal Wine A. — — |Pac C Borx.157 —
MV& MtTm. 95 1C2 |Pac S Tel Co.107 lCS^i
S \LES
3(> California Wine Association. .. 77 25 '
10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 74 CO
i 200 Honokaa S Co 10 25
3C5 Honokaa S Co 19 3. V,
275 Hutchinson S P Co 15 S.%
10 Makaweli. cash 33 10
100 Mpjinwell *» l*>
145 Paauhau S P Co 21 00
10 S F Gas & Electric 50 5«>
$5,00<> Sacramento El Gaa & Ry 5s.. 100 10
$11,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent 119 12tf
$10 COO United R R of S F 4 per cent. S7 00
Street — '
S10.C0O Spring Valley 6 per cent 104 75
$10,000 Spring Val Wat gen mtge 4s. 99 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Hrtnokaa S Co 19 50
100 Honokaa . S Co 19 25
175 Hutchlnson S P Co 15 75
255 Paauhau S P Co. 21 CO
10 Pacific Coast Borax 157 00
¦ 10 Pacific Lighting eO CO
10 S F Gas & Electric 5ti 12>£
$2 000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s. 84 50
S". 000 Spring Val Wat gen mtge 4s. 99 25
$23,' COO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 00
Unlisted Securities. ,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid< Ask.
Bay CPC 6*. — lliOHlS P C R 4s. 9S 103
B L Wat 6s. — 114% 3 P Co 4%s.l01Vi —
Cal NW 5S..113 — Sun Tel <Ja. .'.114)4 —
M C Wat 5S.100 '— I Do , 53 IOC —
RIs I Wks5s — 105 |Euttr-8t R5s.lO4 —
i SF Drdk 5s.ll2 — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 — |Lon& SF Bk. 5S e0
Amer Bis Co — 00 I Mat Nav Co. 70 — :
Cal Cot Mils 80 — : Nev Nat Bk.200 — •
Cal G&ECor. 50 — N Cal -P Co. 0% 10
C Jockey Cl.tHV — Oak Bk Sav.120 — '
Cal Powder. 130 /145 jOak T Con.. 75 —
Car Ship -Co.-— 21 HOOF Hall A 6# —
Cal T I & Tj— 15> lOrpheum Co. — 16)4
Cen' Bk. Oalt CO C7&|PacC Cas Co.125 " —
Chutes Co .. 5 6 iPac Sur Co.lCS —
City & C Bk — 120 IParaf Paint.. 39 —
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued on Page Thirteen.
John Harper, a well-known mining
man. who has been engaged In de
veloping a property in Sierra County,
for several months, returned yester
day and is staying at the Palace.
Kakichl Mltsukuri, professor of
zoology and dean of the department
of science of the Imperial TJnrrerslty
of Japan, who has been making' a tour
of this country, arrived at the Palaca
yesterday on his way to the Orient.
State Superintendent of Public In
struction Thomas J. Kirk is down
from Sacramento and registered at
the Palace.
Franklin W. Hart of the United
States steamship Buffalo Is at the Oc
cidental.
Banker T. J. Field of Monterey ia
at the Palace.
C. R. Wisdom, a railroad man of
McCloud, Is at the Palace.
D. S. Rosenbaum. a banker of
Stockton, is at the St. Francis.
Charles E. Hill of Tacoma regis
tered yesterday at the St. Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Anderson of
Ben Lomond are at the Occidental.
G. T. Fitzgerald and wife of San
Luis Obispo are staying at the Grand.
J. R. B. Cooper, a "wealthy land
owner of Monterey County, Is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
Cyp L Imp.. 6 6% S F Drydock. — 63
East Dynni.. — 375 SF&SJ Coal. «% 20
DptPwd pfd. — 85 S J Wat Co.103^ —
do com ..40 — SO & MTgbt.125 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — So Pac Co... «o —
Fischer Thtr — ltf Swlss-A Bk..l]5H —
Frnch-A Bk.lOC. — Truck Elect.. 11 l-£
Gas Con A.. 18 20 UR InC pfd. — 63ft ,
Hono P Co.: 29 — Do com ... IT —
Morning Session.
Street — „_ ._,,
SO United R R Inv Co pfd 63 1-^
Afternoon Session.
Street — - '_¦ '
1.000 Chutes Co 5 30
California Stock and Oil Exchange. |
OH Stocks— Bid. Asked. J
Alma 50 •••• i
Assd Oil Co Stock Trust Cert 24 2.'»
California-Standard 16 IS •
Coalinga & Pacific ."5 ....
Four 54 .... !
Home 50 62 '.
Independence 34 35 ;
Junction 18 19 j
Marlcopa 20
Monte Crlsto 77% 80 >
Occidental of W Va 04 .... |
Oil City Petroleum 6O
Peerless 11 00 13 50 :
Reed Crude 2 05 ....
Sterling 2 00 ....
Twenty-eight 12 00
Wolverine 40 ....
Miscellaneous — ¦
Northern Cal Power 10 12V4 j
• SALES. :
Morning Session. ¦
Board— j
50 Kern River 12 00 j
S2S0 Associated Oil 24
668 Associated Oil 23
200 Junction IT i
100 Makaweli Sugar 82 50 I
Afternoon Session.
Board —
150 Oil City Petroleum 60
100 Twenty-eight Oil 12 00
2000 California-Standard 18
1000 Monte Cristo 77t$
984 Occidental 05
1000 Independence 3-4
1000 Home, a 90 50
600 Home 60
Mining: Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
200 Best & Belch.1 15! 200 Mexican 1 15!
300 Challenge ... 18| 300 Mexican 1 20
900 Chollar 18 100 Ophtr 2 35 :
200 Con Cal & V.I 80| 600 Potosl IS
200 Con Cal & V.I S5| 500 Savage 34'
200 Exchequer ... 48! 200 Sierra Ner 4«
300 Hale & Norc.l C5 500 Union Con.... 5« :
2000 Justice 05|
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
200 Challenge ... 191 300 Ophlr ../. » 35 |
100 Con Cal & V.I 80| 800 Savage 35,
100 Gould & Cur. 25| 300 Sierra Nev. ... 69
600 Hale & Norc.1 13 200 Sliver Hill.... 69
100 Hale & Norc.l 1CI 200 Union Con.... 87;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.! Bld.Ask.
Alpha 12 13|Julia 05 06
Alta 05 07|Justlce 06 06 1
Andes 25 2«|Kentuck 02 03 |
Belcher 24 23ILady Waah .. 02 04 |
Best & Belch.1 15 1 20|Mexican 1 15 1 23 '
Bullion 23 25| Occidental ... 80 00'
Caledonia.... 4« 4S'Ophir 2 35 2 40
Challenge ... 18 20(0verman 14 13 j
Chollar 18 19|Potosl 19 20;
Confidence ... 85 89|Scorplon 06 C8
Con Cal & V.I 80 1 85 Savage 34 33 j
Con Imperial. — 01|Ser Belcher... 06 07 1
Con NY 03 04 Sierra Nev 47 48
Crown Point.. 13 19 Silver Hill 61 6.V
Eureka Con.. — 60,St. Louis .... — 07 j
Exchequer ... 48 50"3yndlcate .... 07 09
E: Sierra Nev OS 05! Union Con 68 59
Gould A Cur. 24 25 Utah OS 09
Hale * Norc.l 15 1 20|Yellow Jacket. IS 19
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS. «
Morning Session. I
1000 Goldfleld Mhk IS 2000 Sandstorm ... »
600 Mont Ton . . .1 75 1000 Silver Pick . . 18
( 800 Ray & O'Brien 07 100 Ton of Nev.. 9 00 I
Afternoon Session.
200 Cent Eureka. 1 501 300 Ray & O'Brien 07 !
600 Jumbo 50|20O0 Rescue 07
300 Mont Ton ...1 75| 100 Sandstorm ... 34 I
1000 N Y Ton Con. 1011000 Silver Pick ... IS i
1000 Pennsylvania 061 100 Ton of Nev. ..9 00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. i
Tonopah. ,
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Ton of NeY.. — 9 25| Rescue 05 07
Mont Ton ...1 70 1 S0,Ton & Cal 16 19
Ton Exten ..1 R5 2 00|Ray & O'Brien — 07
MacNamara . 22 23; Paymaster ... 04 06
i Ton Midway.. 30 S5!Httle Ton . . 42 —
Ton Belmont.. 65 69IEsperanza ( .... 01 02
I Ton X Star... 25 80!Gold Anchor.. — 21
Ton Ohio — 2T!Qulncy 11 —
West End ... 14 — N Y Ton Con. — 10;
Ton Gold Mt. 15 171 j
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 83 34) Jumbo 4S 62
Bed Top 12 lS'jumbo Ex ... IS —
Goldfleld Mhk — 19 Vernal Mln ..08 11
Columbia — 18 Goldfleld 58 62
Diamondfleld. 23 — jBlue Bull — IS
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
' Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
C Morning Session.
2000 Austin G M.. 20! 800 Sandstorm ... 83
1000 Diamondfleld. 29 100 Ton Belmont.. €8 '
1000 MacNamara . 23 100 Ton Belmont.. 69!
100 Mont Ton..l 72% 200 Ton Ex ...2 02 l i I
100 Red Top 12 1200 Ton Midway.. 32!
600 Red Top 13| 200 Ton N Star... 30 !
200 Rescue OS 100O Ton N Star... 25 1
S00O Sandstorm ... 35| 20O Ton N Star. . . 24 '
1000 Sandstorm ... 34| 310 Ton of Nev.9 12% j
Afternoon Session. " ;
COO Bullfrog Min. 55! 100 Mont Ton...l 72 U !
2000 Columbia .... 20|10C0 N Y Ton Con. 12
200 Goldfleld Min. 59II00O Sandstorm ... 33'
100 Goldfleld Mln. 5813000 Ton Exten ..2C3'
300 MacNamara . 23,1000 Ton Exten.. 2 07H i
300 Mont Ton ...1 70i 500 Ton N Star... 23 |
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Aek.l Bld.Ask.
Adams 08 — | Jumbo Ex ... 18 is i
I Austin G M. 20 — ILittle Ton .. 35 45 !
j Black Ants. . . — 10| Lucky Tom . . 02 05 :
! Black Butte.. 16 — jMacNamara ..23 24 :
Blue Bull M. — ISiMlzpah Eat .. — is'
Booth M Co. 12 — I Mont Ton... I 72Vi 1 75'
Bullfrog Mln. 55 — jN T T Con M. — 12 1
Columbia 19 — Paymaster ... — 03 i
Diamondfleld. 25 2S Qulncy 08 — ¦
Eaperanza ... — 01 Ray Exten .. — 09'
Gipsy Queen.. — 25|Ray& O' Brian 05 CS •
Gold Anchor. — 22lRed Top 1.1 u ;
Goldfleld B Bl — 131 Rescue 07 09 "
Goldfleld B&B 07 — |Rothwell G M. 10 fiA '¦
Goldfleld Dmd — 20lSandstorm ... S3 55 ,
Gldfld Gt Bnd — 16|Ton Belmont.. «.<* |
Goldfleld Min. 59 50|Ton & Cal 15 20 j
Ooldfleld Mhk — 20 Ton Cash Bov. _ 12
Gldfld Red I* — C7!Ton Exten.. 2 07^ —
Goldfleld S Pk — lS'Ton & Gt W. — 02
Ooldfleld Ton. — lUTon GoM Mt. — 17
Gold Mt Con. — 02!Ton Midway.. 33 — !
Hazel Kirk .. — 12|Ton of Nev.O 12H - I
Jim Butler .. 50 60 Ton N Star... 24 SO
Jumbo 49 54|Vernal Mln .. 07 C8
Same to 'Thyra L. Crane iwlfe of Earl F.>.
lot on SW line of Mount Vernon street. 53 :«
NW of San Miguel NW 46:6 by SW 50. block
B Gets Addition to Lakeview; $10.
Thyra L. and Earl F. Crare to Bertha G.
West, lot on NW line of San Miguel street. 5O
SW of Mount Vernon. SW 50 by NW 53:6.
lo»s 7 and S. block B. Getz Addition to Lake
view; S10.
Abe Ro9«n«tein to S. Ducas Company, lot on
W Una of Glrard street. 75 S of Bacon. S
50 by W 95 block 11, University Mouad; $10.
246:414. E 133:10. S 263:2; also lot on N Hn«
of Clay street. 137:6 E of Montgomery. E 43:10
by N 122; also lot on NE corner of Francisco
and Flllmore streets. R 137 :« by E 137:«; $10.
James YT. and Mary Smith to Commercial
Improvement Company, lot on W corner of Dora
and Brannan str.-ets, SW 2j by NW 7S;10;
also lot on XE line ni Tenth street, 31)7 :4*i 3E
of Brjant. SE 7ti:S%. E W:tt. 3 4:10. S£ 12:3,
XE 1U:1, SB 13:83k, SB 73 :::»•». NW 7>i:10,
NE 25. NW 14:4* 3 . SW 1^»:11V«. SW £9:11.
SW M:4& W 39. W 23:10. and all interest in
M. B. 43; $10.
Realty Improvement Company to Elizabeth
Peterson, lot on W line of Devisadero street,
60 N of Fourteenth. N 23. W »5:1'7, SE 2S:C$6,
E S3:4; $10. ", :
Same to Thomas G. Neal, lot 13. Lyon *
Hoag subdivision. M. B. 12t>; $10.
Henrietta Liehcenstein to Charles A. King,
lot en N l'ne of Sacramento street, 125 E of
Drumm, E 30 by N «>:'.»; $10.
B. F. B.-laac and Maude H. Norton (and as
trustees of the estate of Mary A. Henarie) to
San Francisco Gas and Electric Light Com
pany lot on N line of Sacramento street. »O E>
of Montgomery. E 2t> by N «u. quitclaim doed;
Edward O. Webb and Hattie E. Meek (as
trustees of the estate of Otis Webb) to John S..
Edward. Otis and Samuel Engs. undivided 1-8
of lot on W line of Sansome street. lll:B N of
Bush. N 23 by W 67:6. and all interest in trust
declared In the estate of Otis Webb. 18C4; $— .
Edward O. Webb and Hittie F. Meek to
same, undivided 1-6 of same nnd all interest
In trust declared in the estate of Deborah A.
Webb. 6106; $— . tT _
Henry and Eliza J. Grahn to Herman J.
Koch lot on IS line of Carolina street. K-5 J*
of Twenty-fifth. N 25 by E 1U0, quitclaim, deed:
Mary E. and William F. Rice- to Solomon
Getz. lot on E lin. of Thirteenth avenue 223
N of California street. N 25 by E 120; *10.
Albert Meyer to Henry Bird, lot on W Uni
of Nineteenth avenue. 275 S of II street. 3 25
VlIHam'and'Margaretha J. Koenl* to Fanny
E. Tlernan. lot on NW corner of Sixth, avenu*
and Huzo street, N CO by W 95: $10.
Annie Tench to W. M. Tench, lot on N3
corner of Thirty-eighth avenue and J »tre«t«
E 57:5 by N 100; also lot on W Una of Forty
seventh avenue. 130 N of 8 itreet^ .N 23 by
W 120; also lot on SE corner of Thfirty-tnlra
avenue and J street. E 67:ti by S 10O; gift.
Homa Investment Association to John H.
Eheehan, lot on S line of P «tr«£ 57:6 B
of Thirty-first avenue. E 25 by & 100* WO.
Jacob Heyman Company to Nathan. I> New
man lot on NE corner of Forty-second a.ve
nu. and T street. E 32:8 by N lOoc also .lot
on NW corner of Forty-first avenue, and T
street W 107:6 by N luO; also lot on SB
corner of Thirty-eighth avenue and Q street
S 100 by E 57:6; also lot on SW coraer_o£
Thirty-seventh avenue and Q street. W 5.:0
by S 100- also lot on SE corner of Thirty
fourth avenue and Q street. S 100 by E a_:b;
also lot on SW corner of Twenty-fourth av^
nue and Q street. W 107:6. « 10«>. W 12:6. 9
25. E 120. N 123; also lot on SW corner of
Thirty-eighth avenue and S street. W 8-:8
by S 100; also lot on SE corner of Forty
first avenue and T street. S 100 by E S2:«{
also lot on W line of Thfrty-seventh avenue.
2U» S of U street. S 50 by W 120- alao^ lot
on W line of Thirty-third avenue. 300 N of
V street N 25 by W 120; also lot on N Un»
of V street 82:6 E of Thirty-fourth avanu*.
E 75 by n'10O; $10.
J W. "Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Joseph A. and Alma S. Rosa, lot on NB
line of China street. 50 SE of Naples. S3
25 by NE 100. block 3. Excelsior Homestead;
Mary Llnehan to Edward H. Mitchell, lot
on E corner of Arlington and Mateo streets.
NE 113 by SE 89:10. lots 1 and 2, block 10.
Fairmount; ?10.
Ltsta MUler to Berrfard C. Miller,.undi
vided one-half of lot 1. block 11. People*
Homestead. Tract A: $10.
Wilson and Elizabeth Marper to Solomon
Gets, lot on NW line of Naples street 20O
NE of Persia, NE 50 by NW 100. block 4O.
Excelsior Homestead; also lot on NW lino of
Naples street. 225 SW of Brazil. SW 25 by
NW 100, block 46. same; $10.
Nicholas. Mathilda, Henry and Catherine
Ohlandt. and John A. and Mary M. Buck, to
George H. Roundey. blocks 120 to 122. lots
1 and 5 block 117. lots 2 and 7. block 110.
lot 1. block 10S. lot 5. block 113. t.'niverslty
Extension Homestead; $10.
John H. and Ellen G. Grady to Bertha G.
West (wife of Spencer A.), lot commencing on
division line lots 8 and 9, block B, Gets Addi
tion to Lakeview ».V5:6 NW of San Miguel
street) distant 50 SW Mount Vernon street.
SW 50 NW 46:6. NE 50. SE 4fi:«. lot* » and
10. block B. Getz Addition to Lakeview; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER'. 30, 1904.
12
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
< — ; Funeral Directors and Embalmers ¦'
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple, .
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Flcest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
HENRY J. CALLACHErt CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgr
FUN ?n R £,V. ,? IREGT ORS ANE> EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South SO. .
MARGARET G. ROWLAND HUBERT
G. ROWLAND, MR. and MRS. JOHN
CROWLEY ANNA M. CROWLEY.
We desire to express our heartfelt thanks
to the relatives and many friends for their
kindness and sympathy and beautiful floral
offerings extended to us in the sad hours of
our late bereavement of loving wife, daugh-
ter and sister.
CARD OF THANKS.
BASHAM— In this city November 28. 1004,
Grace E.. beloved wife of J. A. Basham,
mother of John Basham. daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. A. Calkins, and sister of Mrs.
S. T. Mathews and Lulu, Daisy, Alice.
Charles. Oscar and Cyril Calkins, a native
of Rlver3lde, Cal., aged 20 years 3 months
and 10 days.
BRIGGS— In Oakland, Cal.. November 20.
1004, Edward L. Briggs, brother of Charles
S. Briggs of Grand Rapids, Mich., Mrs. Frank
Collins and Mrs. Josephine Sleketu of Oak-
land, a native of New York, aged »4 years
3 months and 20 days.
BRUHNKE— Entered lntp rest, in this city.
November 2$) 1004, "at the residence of her
son. 1713 Polk street, Victoria Bruhnke, be-
loved mother of A Bruhnke Mrs. M. E.
Esener, J. C. Bruhnke and Mrs. F. GUnd-
kamp of Chicago 111., a native of Schwetz,
Weat Prussia, aged 04 years and 21 days.
CORNWELL— In Oakland November 29. 1904.
Mrs. Altana Cornwell, a native of Steuben
County. N. Y.. aged S5 years 9 months and
23 days.
DILLON— In this city, November 29, 1904. at
the parents' residence 1 Homer street, John,
beloved Infant son of 'John and Mary Dillon,
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 months.
DOANE; — In Cleveland Ohio. November 9,
1904, Carrie O. Doane widow of tb* late
Marshall Doane, and " mother of May B.
Doane, a native of Malno.
C?" Burial at Wlnthrop, Me.
DUNCAN— In this city, November 29, 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife of tho late William
Duncan, and mother of Mrs. W. R. Hall,
Mrs. T. C. Hardy of Iowa Mrs. W. J. Kin-
ley and Frank W., James B.. William E..
Miriam M. and Morris W. Duncan, a native
of Canada, aged 72 years 4 months and 12
days.
ENGLISH — In this city. November 28, 1904,
Jerome, beloved husband of Anna English,
son of Harriet English, and brother of Flor-
ence E. Hull, a native, of Boston, Mass.,
aged 54 years.
FEUCHTWANGER— In this city, November
28." 1904. Slgmund, beloved husband of Stella
Feuchtwanger, and beloved father of Her-
bert. Walter. Henry and Beatrice Feucht-
wanger. a native of Bavaria. Germany, aged
Cl years 0 months and 27 days. (Portland,
Or.. Spokane, Wash., and New York City
papers please copy.)
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 12:45 p. m., at his
late residence, 1640 Pine street. Interment
private. Home of Peace Cemetery by special
train leaving third and Townsend streets at
2 p. m.
FLEMING— In thlo city, November 29. 10M,
Clara H., wife of Arthur H. Fleming of
Pasadena, and eldest daughter of Eldridge
M. Fowler of Pasadena.
FULLER— In this city. November 27. 1904,
Annie, beloved daughter of the late H. H.
and Martha Fuller and sister of H. H. and
A. W. Fuller and Mrs. R. O. Beach, a native
of Georgetown, El Dorado County Cal.,
aged 3C years. (Sacramento and El Dorado
County papers please copy.)
1CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion 6treet. between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GAGAN — In this city, November 28, 1904,
Grant W., beloved husband of Minnie R.
• Gagan, father of Adele and Nellie Watson
Gagan. and brother of Mrs. J. B. Poultney
and Mrs. F. W. Babcock of Watertown, N.
¦jr.; a native of Oakland. Cal., aged 36 years
7 months and 2S days.
£7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 11:30 a. m.. from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 26C0 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third, under the aus-
pices of Golden West Camp No. 74S. W. O.
W. Interment private. -
Officers and neighbors- of Golden West
Camp No. 74S. W. of W.. are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of Neighbor Grant W.
Gagan. Wednesday, at 11 :30 a. m., from
2606 Mission street. By order.
F. C. RUSSELL C. C.
J. E. ELLISON. Clerk.
GRADY — In this city. November 2S. 1904. An-
nie, beloved wife of John Grady. mother of
Eleanor May Grady. and daughter of A. and
Ellen Black, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years and 9 months. J
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for services
at 1 p. m. Interm<yit Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEARNE— In this city, November 23 1904,
Mary A., beloved wife of William Hearne,
and mother of Frank P. and the late Wil-
Ham H. J. Hearne. a native of County
Leitrlm. Ireland. (New York and Portland.
Me., papers please copy.)
{i-? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Wednesday). at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence. 2124 Howard etreet between Sev-
enteenth and Eighteenth, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will'be celebrated for the* re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Kindly
omit flowers.
HUTCHIXSON— In this city 'November 29,
1904 William A. Hutchlnson, father of Mrs.
A. W. Graefen, Mrs. C. H. Reed and Mrs.
Dora A. Heath, a native of England, aged
79 years.
JOHNSON— In this city, November 2R 1904.
Care Victor Johnson, beloved husband of
Annie D. Johnson, a native of Sweden, agpd
4- years. 4 months -and 22 days. (Oregon
papers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday). November 30. WOJ,
at 1 p. m., at his late residence 583 Lom-
bard street, corner of Powell. ' Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. •
LEEHY— In this city. November 29 1904 John
Leehy. a native of Ireland, aged MO years
A ilir mber of Pacific Coast Marine Firemen
IGT Remains at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street.
LOMBARDI— In this city, November 20 10C4,
Ambrogglo' Lombardl. a native of Airolo'
Canton Ticino. Switzerland, aged 69 years.
McINNES— In this city. November 2S 1904,
John H., beloved husband of Bessie H. Mc-
lnnes, and father of Hugh Andrew Mclnnes.
a native of the Isle of Skye, Inverness -shire
Scotland, aged 6(j years 2 months and 2i
days. Past Royal Chief of the Scottish
Thistle Club and member of Clan Fraaer
and Lady Lovet Auxiliary.
ir^Frlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
N (Thursday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of Craig. Coohran & Co.; 429 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk ond Larkln streetH
Interment Sausalito Cemetery by 11 a m
Sausalito boat.
McKENNA— In this city. November 28 1904.
laul McKenna. a native of County Derrj
Ireland, aged 3C years.
. fFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
Wednesday), at S:.SO a. m., from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high m2.is will bo celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a m
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
M J?, E . HAN ,~ Tn this city. November 29 1004
p r Mary Hilary Meghan. Sister of Mercy
™, OVf ?r d £ ushter of Marsaret and the late
; John Meehan, and sister of W. E. and Kate
! Meehan and Mrs. E. Van Praag a naUv*
i and S^daS'- §fe U y ™* ° mon " h »
1 n,,^, Fr M n h S 8re invited t0 at *«'n<1 »• re-
' whloh wifi h -K ma ? to-morrow (Thursday),
; Mhich will be celebrated for the repose of
¦ ri F a S ? U 'f ¦« Mn ™«»ln»; at !> a. m. Tt the
, Chapel of the Passion, attached to St Marv's
| Hospital, corner of First and Brvant streets
! Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery
1 M \^ E 5~n n Is clt >'' November 29 1904
i Je , ns N£Oi Miller> Gloved husband of Kath
erine Miller, and father of Mrs Otea Han
sen and George Miller a native' of fm«««
Denmark, aged 65 yeirs U^'monfh/lfnd 0^
MIX— In Berkeley. November 28, 19Q4 at hex
DIED.
Basham, Grace E. Leehy, John
BiiSKs. Edward L. Lombardl, Ambrogglo
Bruhnke Victoria Mclnnes. John H.
Cornwell Mrs. Altana McKenna. Paul
Dillon. John Meehan. Sister Mary
Doane Carrie O. Miller Jens N. O. •
Duncan, Margaret Mix. Lizzie II.
English, Jerome Norris. James
Feuchtwanger Sis- Perkins. William S.
mund " Preston, Mrs. Emily
Fleming. Clara H Reynolds, Edward J.
Fuller Annie Rohrs. Augusta
Gagan. Grant W. Siesbuttel, Eva M.
Grady, Annl« stevenot, Ju' la
Hearne, Mary A. Stone, Fannie E.
Hutchlnson, Wm. A. Trengove. AVllliam J.
Johnson, Care V Wade. Mrs. Margaret
BEA5 ESTATS — COTTTTTSY— ror 'S*!'*.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors Jo
CHICKEN RANCHES KVUHYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI l./.'i-'*-
The town that has the "SNAP" to it; lj>»
wction that ha.- the most Jerti!*- toil .r. me
San Joacuin Vallry: fine roads; water itaa»-
We are ruMividinir a choice tract in l°-acre
lot*; enly 14 miies from town; turrounSed t>y
modern homes and fine orchards and vir.eyaras.
•oil rloh black. *andy loam 1-' feet , < t eep ;
school on tho tract; *T5 per acre. This will not
last over .H> day?; first come, first served. Ad-
Joining lar.d told for $12j. .
$s;00— Close to Napa City; 50 acres rich,
level land; i>5 acres in orchard 12 years old.
pood h-roeni house; Urge barn, windm.ll ana
tank: drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
tle: farming tools; guod furniture; fine income,
half c»?h. , .
$1SOO— Clo*e to Sebartopcl; 10 acres nne lana;
4 acres bearing prune*. Ixrries. garden; o acres
> ouiig apple*; hair cash.
$5uO lown— 160 acres and use of 40 more: _
tr.lles of pos-tofflce; in Sonoma County; rolling
lan<5: 8 tcres vines; orchard: finely fenced;
building alone cost $2<X.<>; house 7 rooms; bain.
• agon-Rhed. poultry-hcus.es. yards: 15uO cord*
wood; pome ftock; furniture; price f^500.
$400 down — *o-aere dairy and poultry ranch:
2 good dwellings, barn, poultry-houses, incuba-
tor; 6 cows. 15 Argora goats. 2 horses, buggy;
too!*; 10 tons of hay: only 1 mile of town; ln-
vesujrale <juick: JrOOO.
$5MO — Only 1 mile of Hay wards; S7 acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modem
houre «i room* and baih; finest bam in county.
alcne cost $4000; tine view; this is the best buy
in the vicinity.
$2650— North of Watsonvllle: Co acres, S acres
full bearing apples. 8 in grain; fine berry
patch; 40 acres timber; flowing stream; 9-room
hcuee; large barn and granary; water piped to
bui:d:r.g*. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasaaable prices in this
vicinity. See a few.
J2S00 — Close to Petaluma. 1 mile station; 10
acres rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful o«ks; modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath;
good barn poultry-houses, outhouses: horse.
cow. 80 bens, buggy, etc.; »ill add 12 acres
adjoining if desirtd; «=ee this quick.
tlO.O'X) — Clos* to Geyeerville; £.6 acres rich
Uutsian River bottom; preat hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard. 12 prunes, "i acres fine alfalfa; large
new barn We offer fotnv of the finest farms
in the world in this superb section; let us
Crive you eroand.
S2500 — Nt-ar Hor'.and; 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family orchard; good
house and outbuildings; well fenced; investi-
gate this.
$15(*.i— All level. 10 acres, 2 miles of Calls-
tcga: bir.all orchard; good house and barn; 2
• tils; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up: half cash.
$50 p?r acre— Near Lodi. on th» Woodbrldg»
canal.
$5500 — 40 acres, all tillable. No. 1 soil; fam-
llf orchard; mostly In grain; 6-room house;
good barn, winclrrctl!. blacksmith shop, poultry-
houses; near school; fine team; Jersey cow.
p;gs layin? bens; tocls; wagon, 2 buggies; all
furniture; close to Santa Hosa.
$2750— Foothill ranch of 1C0 acres; near
Clayton; SO acres fine plow land; house, good
tarn: family orchard; terms.
$1700 — 25 acres, close to Callstcga; adapted
to vines and tr»es: family orchard; cozy 5-room
cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 rocms and bath;
large brooder-hcuse, 2 incubators, brooders; all
farming tools; near Petaluma: price $2000.
$S5 per acre for sandy loam land, slightly
rolling; 3 miles west cf Petaluma; in tracts
from 5 acres up. We wish to call rpeclal at-
tention to the choice homes we have In tho vi-
cinity of Petaluma and want to have you
drive out with us and see them. Photos at
this cTflce.
$2500—25 acre*, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Roea. 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard: vineyard; creek, 2
wells; nice cottage 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced Into 4 fields: 5 poultry -houses, largo
mire netting yards. 150 laying hens; good ho:s».
3 cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4 tens hay;
easy tenr.s.
J25GO—IO lots at Corte Ma<Jera; 4 minutes
from depot: log cabin worth $1000, fine shake
cabin; stable; Sne suburban home; easily rvorth
$3300- hot and cold water throughout: modern.
$2850 — 34 acres. Ef«r Watsonville: 200 apples;
6 acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance,
grain: 5-rocrn cottage; barn, outbuildings.
J1200 — 10 acres in vine and fruit bell, near
Lodf sandy lo.-.m: 5-rocra house and barn.
$25CO— Near gar.ta Crux, 60 acres rich alluvial
soil; b acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-roozn house,
tarn.
Send 6tarrsp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successor* to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgcrnery Et.. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
FOR SALE— SAN MATEO COU>TTT— SAN
PEDKO RASCHO.
516 ACRES. '-OMPRISING THE "OLD
ADOBE" TRACT OK 250 ACRES. GOOD IN-
'•OME PAYING. AND THE POINT SAN PE-
DRO TRACT OF 2t;0 ACRES. AN EX'CEP-
TI ON ALLY GOOD SPECULATION': PRICE
$32,000; TO BE SOLD ALL TOGETHER: 13
MILKS FROM NEW <1TY HALL. SAX FRAX-
CISOO AND IX SIGHT OF CLIFF HOUSE.
ADDRESS A. B. PATRICK & CO.. 415 FRONT
ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
$5f,on— po ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with improvements, in orchard section
of Futter County; only three miles from
county seat acd on line of new irrigation
<Jltch.
A tr.ap if taken soon, but win not keep.
M. J. XEWKOM.
406 Second st.. Marysvllle. Cal.
127.000—210 ACRES, 2 MILES FROM ST.
Helena; most highly Improved land; 04 acres,
resistant, full tearing vineyard; homes fine
modf-rn buildings (complete like city hemes),
»:th gas plant, hot and cold running water;
telephone; splendid under grcund sewer sys-
tem: latest patent plumbing, etc.. with fln«
redwood park and valuable water rights.
This is one of the most complete country
homes in California. For particulars call at
1115 Broadway. Oakland, rocm 10, to owner.
ALA3IEDA ADVEKT r S ? MTS
AL&MED& QSAL ESTATE.^^
BEAUTIFUL. HOMES FOR ?ALE.
CHARMING LOCATION.
NL'AK TRAINS AND SCHOOLS.
On Easy Terms.
On Kasy Terms.
HOUSES ANP.I.OTS AT PRICES THAT CAN-
NOT BE DUPICATED.
GET OUR PRICES AND TERMS AND STOP
PAYING KENT.
$1050 buys a 5-room cruse, lot 47x150.
|12.'O buys 5 rooms aud Dath cottage, lot
• >\ i . • ¦.
$1000 buys 5 rocms and bath cottage, lot
oSxlW.
$1<><io buys 6 rooms and bath, 2 stories, let
SCxlSO.
?l'^;>(> buys new Ti-room cottage; very cheap.
$2;HH) buys 5-room cottage, lot 40x170; a
¦nap.
$2750 buys a beautiful modem 5-room cct-
tapo. lot 40x1 OS.
$3^f»u buys (^room cottage. 1*,4 stories, lot
5©xl. r i0.
$.'500 buys elegunt corner lot, 8 rooms and
bath: new.
$t)o00 buys an S-room house, finished in pine;
on Central ave.; very artistic with
ALL LATEST IMPROVEMENTS (NEW).
Be curs and see our properties. The cheap-
est and best ever offered ror the money.
ALAMEDA USD COMPANY.
Phone Alameda 430. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
BRAND new house, 7 fine rooms; modern; up
to date; finished in finest kind redwood; lot
4SxlZ0; this is a bargain of lifetime; owner
compelled to sell; original cost $3500; owner
srjent $200 more; ca.n be bought for ?325O;
t open for inspection all the time; come soon.
" l'^4 Versailles ave., near Enclnal.
WANTED — Lets In Alameda suitable for sub-
division; Kive size, location and lowest cash
price; west of Park, south of Railroad ave.;
owners only. Box 154S. Call office, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
— $3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st., Berkeley; S
rooms and bath: lot 40x135; new and modern;
lunnr , exposure; fine view; tasj* terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO- (Inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St..
Oakland.
FOR *a]e — New 8-room house, finely furnished;
4 blocks from university; handy to the cars;
swell neighborhood; must be sold; price re-
duced from $475 ) to $i2:.O; one-half cash, bal-
ance same as rent; this is a bargain. See
owner. 2534 Regent st., Berkeley.
BEEKELEY BOOMS AND BOA5D.
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 University ave. — A fine,
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
BOOMS _TOJB^ HOTT^lCEEPJCBra^
BRYANT, 421 — 2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished
for housekeeping; gas.
BUSH, 855 — Laree handsome parlors, kitchen
fur. complete; rent low; nr. business center.
CLIPPER. 4*2—8 rooms and bath; bay window;
sunny; $13 50; Castro St. car.
DEVISADERO. 1619—2 large rooms and bath;
large yard; dressmaking trade established;
cheap rent; apply after Sunday.
EDDY and Polk sts., Gladstone — Sunny
nous«-kc-ering apartments; 1, 2 or 3 rooms;
electric l!ghts: hot water; central.
EDDY, 702 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms.
ELLIS. 605—2 large parlors for housekeeping;
gas ranee; running water; also other rooms.
FELL. 2^8— Sunny front con. suite; hkp; cen-
tral; reasonable; bath; gas range; adults.
FIFTH, 3J>3 — 3 housekeeping rooms also 2;
one sinele room.
FILLMORE, :;322A— 3 large, connecting, sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping; gas.
FOURTEENTH. 728 — Front parlor and kitchen;
nicely furnished; bath and gas; handy to cars.
GEARY. 1225 — Fine front, sunny, bay-window
eulte; all conveniences; location of the best;
marine view; terms reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 357— Newly furnished rooms;
hot and cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 6->l — Nicely furnished
houyket-pin^ room?; reasonable.
GROVE, 22 — Unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
ing.
HOWARD. 718H— Sunny housekeeping rooms,
and others.*' respectable; no transient.
HOWARD. lSSS — Housekeeping room?, with gas
range; bath; phone; also single room.
HOWARD. 1703 — 2 fur. housekeeping rooms;
running water; pas range; bath. etc.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
loom sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KEARNY. 104 — Unfur. bay-window front suite
and kitchen. $20; sunny; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites : steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
MINNA. ."><?) — Furnished rocms, complete for
housekeeping.
OAK, 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $5 to
$12; pas range: hot bath: adults.
POST, nej — Fur.ny front rooms. $3. $6. $8, $10
month; modern; gas, bath, phone,
SEVENTEENTH, 322C— Three, large hous»keep-
3OOMS TO ' IET — Turn, and TTnf urn. J
LINDEN ave., 373 — Unfurnished rooms to let.
MARKET. 1040 <Tho Falmcuth)— Sunny rooms;
$2 r»0 to $7 week: baths; elevatcr.
MF.TROPOL1TAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — KK) j
oir.glt* and family rooms 35c to Jl TO per day. j
$2 to $S per week; the only new and modern i
b&el and rooming-house in San Francisco ;
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, ekctrle lighta. call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION. 4547, near China ave. — Three nicely
furnished sunny rooms to let cheap.
MARKET, 1104 — Furnished rooms to let.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE. 205 Perry St.. nr.
Fcuith — Nicely furnishtd front rooms, - $1 23
to $- ner week.
PIXE, 1920 — Newly furnished room; very sun-
ny: phone, gas, bath, running water.
PINE; 775 — Modern, bay-window room: bath
and phene; for one or two cer.tlemen.
POWELL, 19 — Elegantly furnished room to let,
day, week or month.
ROYAL HOUSE, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rdoms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 J
to $8: month. $S to $30; elevator on ground |
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. (
SIXTH, 224 — Nice, furnished rooms to let;
reasonable.
STOCKTON, C07 — Sunny tront room; quiet lo- j
cality; close in; suitable for two. j
SUTTER. 682 — Large sunny front room, beau- '
tifully fur., with kitchen; also single rooms. .
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVEN WORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE !
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW,
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRC LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV- I
ICE HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR !
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— New man-
agement; new bldg.; finely furnished, with
hot and cold water, steam heat and baths;
fine location and reasonable rates.
TAYLOR, 511 — Large imnny room; 2 gentle-
men; hot water bath; $14 front; back $10.
THIRD, 308— Sunny bay-window room for
quiet man or couple; $10.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market — 400
roomr 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; t-Iovator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 100S— Newly decorated and
furnished rooms.
WEBSTER, 15C0 — Sunny, furnished room, with
bath.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS^AND^JBOABD.
ONE large room; well furnished; running wa-
ter; convenience of bath; couple, $45; single,
£25. 451 Devlsadero. cor. Fell; phone Page
677.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031, near Jefferson
Park — Sunny furnished rooms, bath; private
house; good board; $22; two, $35 month.
A NICE Funny room, bath, gas, parlor, piano;
breakfast and dinner: for single gentleman;
S25 per month. Box 1745, Call office.
CALIFORNIA, S07— Best rooms, table and
tervice In the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with the
best French table board.
HARRISON. 570 — Large sunny front rooms,
with board, for 2; $3 and $10 per week.
HAIGHT, 218— Furnished room for gentlemen,
with or without board.
HAIGHT. 332 — Large sunny suite; running
water: grate: second floor; corner house.
PAGE. 254 — Room and board in private fam-
ily; $20 month.
ROOMS to let with board. Box 1091. Call.
ROOMS with board. 1161 Turk st.
ROOM and board for ladles; reasonable. 364(1
Sixteenth St., off Market.
SUNNY rooms and board. 900 Van Ness av«.
SUNNY rooms and board. 13O1A Devlsadero.
SUNNY front rooms, board; parlor. piano,
phone. 850 Van Ness ave.
BOOMS WABTTEP. !
WANTED — In respectabl-e, quiet neighborhood, I
2 unfurnished, nice rooms and kitchen for
elderly couple: $10 to $12; best references.
Box 1724. Call.
BOOriNQ.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired; low prices: work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co.. F. Herrmann, m'gr. <J06 2d st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE White is kins of sewing machines; runs
lightest; sews fastest; wears longest; makes ,
both lock and automatic stitch; if you wish
to buy or rent a sewing machine and want .
the best on earth, visit the new retail office
of the White, 915 Market st.
ALL. makes; Sd hand. $2, $5. $7, $9; n«w,$l. $S;
drop beads, o drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 145 Sixth »t.; tel. Jessie 3796.
l'IV. l\. £.. LAI ,ir.L.
EAZ-E cr exchange for city property; sacrifice: j
J.'3 acres. Napa Co.; CO acres In cultivation; j
fruit. vtr*f« and train; fully equipped and j
paying: b«aut'ful place; gentleman's home.
EHADBUP.XE. 405 Montgomery «t. !
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalog's of the best land
fcarrslr.s in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.
«4S Market »t.
CONTRA Coeta County real estate for sale, i
Bend fcr limt. D. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal. j
CHEAPEST and best In America — Tha Weettr j
Call. 10 page*, tent to any address in to* '
L'cltel States or Canada one year for 51.
OAKLAND AJ)YKRT'S'APTS !
«— — — — — — ¦— — — — — — — — _ ___ •
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY. j
OAroUAZTP B.EAJ. Z3TATE. .j
HZZZ !
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
It Sansome st., San Francisco.
1212 Brodway, Oakland. I
Property for sale in all parti of Oakland, j
Piedmont, Berkeley and Alameda County.
Houses built on the easiest terms ever offered
on any market.
— ¦
Call and let u* explain how you can BUY a
house and save mon*y at the earce time.
Property on the Key Route lines, 30 min-
utes from San Francisco; 5c fare.
$2 worth of nursery stock given with every
front foot.
All etre*t wcrk done free.
Central Piedmcnt Tract. $30 to $40 per foot.
Piedmont Springs Tract, $40 and $45.
Highland Terrace. f25 to $30.
Sather Tract, $15 to $20.
All these tracts are on street-car lines; easy
dil'_ance from the Key Route ferry station at
Piedmont eve. and Fortieth et.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE,
1212 Broadway, Oakland. . 14 Sansome Ft.
WE have clients looking for investments In
Oakland property. If you hav« either bouses
or lets for rale call at our office or mall ua
lull description and price.
C. E. REED.
46S Eleventh st., Oakland.
BARGAIN — Beautirul 7_r. home In Piedmont:
fine neighborhood: good location; near car
Hot: will sell cheap; must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 S6th St.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Th* Weekly Call.
10 rages. In wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per year.
OA.KXA.gP rPaMTTtyBE FOB SA.I.S.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture H. Schelhaas. 11th st..cor.>tore.Oakland
irg rocms; cook Ftcve, bath, sink, station- >
ary tubs; $12 50.
ETANYAN. 112S— Three beautiful unfurnished !
housekeeping frr^nt rooms; new upper flat; j
sun ell >lay; fine view; near Golden Gate ,
Park; $15; adults; call before 2 p. iq, ,
SL"TT;:R. IMjb— 2 unnsr.; cas ranise already set j
up; low n*nt to permanent tenant?.
THIRD, 32<V— Hou5ekecplr;p rooms to rent;
cheap to steady folks; all conveniences.
TCRK, 3«— Sunny front room: also suite of 2
connecting room?; furnished for housekeepr
lnjr; sink and all conveniences; reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. .3019 — Upper floor, unfur-
nl5hed; every convenience; adults; $16.
WALLER, 71— A beautiful pulte of rooms;
furnished complete; nun all day; new: $20.
BOOMS TO LET — Tarn, and Unfnra.
ATKINS. "cor~ Third st. and Park lane^New
brick building all sunny rocms; hot and cold
water: electric lights; only first-class house
in locality; rooms %l 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
llKht housekeeping rocms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25e. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AUSTIN ave., 102. off Polk — One large sunny
front room for rent.
BKLMOXD House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 112C Market and 21 Turk — Electrio
lights: running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CLAYTON. 615, near Haight— Beautifully fur-
nished rooms, cheap: breakfast if desired.
ELLIS, 1430 — Unfurnished rooms; fine sunny I
corner house; references; moderate rent. '
EDDY. &?1— To let, nicely furnished front room
for gentleman; private family; reasonable ;
price. j
ELLIS. 1101. cor. Gou&h— Private family; larta j
sunny rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. 804— Nice ringle room; also bouse-
keeplnjc rooms to let.
EDDY. 12.'.4^ — A large room, suitable for two !
gentl-men; hot baths; modern house; $5 per
month. ;
ELEVENTH. 120— Sunny front room, sinrle: j
$5 menth.
FOI^SOM. 834 — Two sunny single rooms; closet
and bath.
GOLDEN GATE. 357— Nrwly furnished sunny
rooms. $2 to $o wpek ; hot water bath.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GEARY. 610 — Nice rooms: elnsle or double.
HOWARD. 715 — Furnlsned rooms, single or
dcuble; central location.
HOWARD. 640— Sunny front room; grate; $2 25
week; other rooms, $4 BO month up. I
JACKSON. 1442— Sunny furnished rooms; pri-
vate family; references.
KEPPELER court. 1. off Mason St.— Neatly
furnished room to let; $10 month. •'
LARKIN. SC4 — Sunny front room, $7; back ¦
_hous«keepins room , $8 50; single room. $5.. ,
LEAVENWORTH. 712— Nicely furnlshftd~sunny
room: orlvaie familv: ref.: rent reasonable.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: &H kln>r rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. If2l Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL. kinds second-hand $3. $5. $3; slightly
ueed $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolU
¦wing In the window. 3051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1»15 Mission «t.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A^EMPORIUlT Storage & Van Co.; furnltur^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st.:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
fice Poet and Pcwell sts.: tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pan), 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
stop smsrixa.
GUARANTEED cure; sind 00c; tablet form;
mailed in olain package: has cur?d thou-
sands. L. L.. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bide.. S.F.
llELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
11AU1UAGE LJCEXSKiK
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
Carlo Palacchi, 82, Tlburon and Rosa Bon-
ni, 21. Stege.
. Henry L. Ward. 39. Laton. and Catherine I.
MacKenzie. 28. Laton.
Constantin Carlson. 26. 210 Rltch street, and
Emlllja Karvanen. 27. 210 Rltch street.
• Enrico Calegarl, 24. 427 Union street, and
Jennie Roea,. 19. 133 Twenty- eighth street.
Louis A. Levy, 60, Palace Hotel, and Ro-
slna Cohen. 50, Hotel Savoy.
John H. Slater, . 2S. 806 • Twenty-second
street, and Anna C. Embry, 27, 2845 Califor-
nia street.
Jules Toulouse. 21, 818 Pacific street, and
Berthe Lavergne, 19, 1057 Polk street.
Alexander Lafferty, 21. 315'£ First street,
and Mary Moran. 18. 315 First street.
Barton T. Bean. 31, Los Angeles, and Mabel
M. Blachlay. 21. city.
Ernesto Glustl. 21. 318 Broadway, and Leon -
Ida Delsantro. 21, 318 Broadway.
John GreRorio, 24. Point Reyes, and Anna
L Avclar. 25. Point Reyes.
George A. Burchaell, 27. • Los Angelas, and
Mabel Foote. 25. Los Angeles.
William A. Gnbble, 30, 1203 Buchanan
street, and Alma P. Boger. 23. 897 Hayes ft.
BIRTHS— MARRJA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices «ent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b«
tndursed with the name and residence of . per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column'
free of charge.. ' . . .. ; .^
- BORN*.
CONTENTE— In this city, November 28. 1904,
to the wife of J. L. Contente. a daughter.
GLASSON— -In this city. November. 20.. 1904,
to the wife of J. C. Glasson, a son.
DAVIS— STEWART— In San Rafael, at the
Methodist Episcopal Church by the Rev. Mr.
Ulrich. Benjamin U. Davis of Madison, TV is.,
and Agnt« M, Stewart of lone. Cal.
THOMAS— SMITH— In this city November 23,
11)04. by the Hev. Father Byrne. Otto L.
Thomas and Mabel Smith, both pf this city.
WEDEL — BERGER— In this city, November
L'3. 1904. by the Rsv Charles Lathrop, Henry
L. Wedel and Daisy E. E. Berger. both of
San Francisco.
MARRIED.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for th« re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 a, m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m.. from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street. Mi&eion Masonic Temple, between
Twenty- second and Twenty- third. Inter-
ment Mouju Olivet Cemetery.
WADE — In this city. November 29, 1904 Mrs.
Margaret Wade, widow of the 'late 'Philip
W. Wade, and sister of Mrs. John Sheehy
and the late Mrs. James R. Kelly, a native
of Ireland.
IC7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral* Wednes-
day. November 30, at 10 a. m., from, her late
residence, 1311 Powell street, thence to
French Church of Notre Dame des Victolres,
where a mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
STONE: — In this city. November 29, 1904, Fan.
iile Ellen, beloved wife of Arthur W. Stone,
a native of Astoria, Or., aged 24 years 9
months and 1 day.
TRENGOVE— In Berkeley. November. 27. 1904,
William J., beloved brother of Samuel Tren-
gove of Mariposa. Cal., and Fred and
Thomas H. Trengove of Calumet. Mich., and
uncle of S. J. Trengove of San Francisco, a
native of England, aged 36 yeara 11 months
¦ and 27 days.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 a. m., from the par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 10 a. in. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ROHRS— In this city, November 29, 1904,
Augusta Rohrs, dearly beloved wife of
George H. Rohrs, beloved daughter of
August Crome. and sister of Mrs. Amelia
Walsh of Cincinnati, Mrs. Minnie Rankln
and Edward and Edith Crome. a native of
Cincinnati. Ohio, aged 44 years 3 months and
14 days. (Cincinnati papers please copy.)
tCT" Notice of funeral hereafter.
SIESBUTTEL— In this city, November 23,
1904. Eva Margaret, wife of the late Daniel
Slesbuttel. beloved mother of Alexander and
Maurice C. Siesbuttel and sister of M. C.
Gimpel and the late Henry Glmpel of New
York, Mrs. A. Siesbuttel and Mrs. Fred
Ilsohn, a native of Hesse-Cassel, Germany,
aged 76 years 9 months and 2 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, December 1, 1904. at 2 p. m., at
her late residence. 23 Twenty-eighth street.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STEVENOT— In this city. November 27. 1904.
Julia Stevenot, beloved wife of Louis
Stevenot. and mother of Auguste Stevenot.
and sister of Ettor and Marie Masson, and
sister-in-law of Eugene Stevenot. and cousin
of Louis Koener, and niece of Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Gulot. a native of Belgium, aged 28
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 a. m.. from tho chapel of
Clark & Booth. G12 and 614 Van Ness ave-
nue, between Golden Gate avenue and Turk
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland. Cal.
PRESTON— In this city. November 28, 1904,
Mrs. Emily Preston, widow of the late Jo-
seph Preston, mother of Haael D. and Ira
Preston, daughter of William Mund, and
sister^of Edith Mund and Mrs. W. C. Craw-
ford, a native of San Francisco, aged 86
years 11 months and 11 days.'
C7"Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 1. at 2:30 p. m.. from "tha parlors
of Halsted & Ox. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RETNOLDS— In this city. November 27. 1904.
Edward J.. dearly beloved husband of the
late May E. Reynolds, and loving father of
Mrs. S. D. Haynes and Blanche E. Rey-
nolds, and brother of Andrew Reynolds, a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 52 years and
1 month.
residence, 1315 Henry street. Lizzie Hlnkftl,
beloved wife o f Joseph Mix and mother of
Mrs. Geneva E. Magee Mrs. Lulu D. Rob-
inson and Dr. P. A. Mix, a native of Ver-
milion County, Illinois, aged 66 years 6
months and 8 days.
NORRIS— In this city. November 27. 1904.
James Norris, beloved 'brother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Blaney of Stockton Cal. Mrs. Kate
Cunninpham of Jersey City, N J., and Wil-
liam. John, Patrick and Edward Norris. a
native of County Carlow. Ireland, aged 37
years. A member of Court San 'Francisco
N. 7. F. of A., and Felt and Composition
Roofers' Union, Local No. 1. (Chicago. III.,
, and Jersey City. N. J., papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Wednesday), November 30, at S a rn., from
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Go.. 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Rose's Church. Brannan street,
near Fourth, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his Foul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
Court San Francisco No. 7, F. of A. — Offi-
cers and Members: You are hereby noti-
fied lo assemble at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. to-day (Wednes-
day). November 30. at 8 a. m., to attend the
funeral of our late brother, James Norris.
By order T. DINAN. Chief Ranger.
I. P. DEBAN. Sec.
PERKINS— In this city, November 23, 1904,
William Stickney Perkins son of Mrs. Theo-
dore B. Perkins, and brother of Mrs. W. M.
Woodward of Uklah, Cal.. and Mrs. Morris
Lobner of Coif ax. Cal., a native of Augusta,
Me., aged 43 years. A member of Illinois
Town Lodge No. 51. F. and A. M. ; Reno
Lodge, B. P. O. Elks; Coif ax Lodge. I. O.
O. F.. and Sacramento Council No. 140, U.
C. T.
James McGinn. ' Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With ; McGinn Bros. ¦
Funeral Director* and Embalmers
21 1 Eddy st. Tel. Kast 86.-I LEATHER —Continues firm and actlv* Sole.
heavy. 25HJ31C; extra heavy. SltrS-ic
I per lb; medium 27@29c; light. 26®
S 23c; Rough Leather 2S@30c; Harness
t Leather, heavy S5-g37c for No 1 aad 32334o
for No. 2; medium. S0®37c; l!ght 2*&J5c:
iklrting. No. 1 40842c; No. 2. Sfig3Sc; Collar
Leather. lOgltic per foot; Trace Leather. 40Q
44c; Ktp unfinished. 4(X»r.0c per lb; Veal, fin
ished. 00660c per lb: Calf, flniahed. 63c@$l per
lb: Wax Fides. 16617c per foot: Be'.t Knlft*
i Splits 149lfic: Rough Splits. stflOc per lb.
i TANBARK —Ground. $25&23 per ton; stick.
I $16 SOS is per cord.
OILS —Quotations are for barrels; for cases
; add 5c; Linseed. 51c per gallon tor boiled and
, 49c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 7*7;
. Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10«Jl 12; Lucol. 50c for
1 boiled and 48c for raw; .China Nut. cases.
: eSgSOc i>er gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
j 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
; bleached winter Sperm Oil. €Sc: natural winter
i Sperm Oil. G3c; extra bleached winter Whal*
1 OH. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
: strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoct On.
I Clc: light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
i 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
I Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 3Cc; raw Paint
J OH 31c."
COAL. OIL—Water White Coal Oil In bulk,
l-'lc: Pearl Oil In casesw li»%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 22%c; EUine. 2tie:
Eocene 21%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
odk 16c; in cases, 22%c; Benzine. In buik.
13c; in cases 19 %c; 6t>- degree Gacoline in
¦ bulk. 25c: in cases. 31c.
: TURPENTINE —75c per gallon In cases and
! 69c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD—Red Lead. 7«4^
7*ic per lb;.Wait* Lead. 7ii©7*ic accordinc
i to quantity.
1 Ql'ICKSILVEP.—$40^41 CO for local use and
$.J*t?39 per Cask for export.
SALT—Bale*. 90c for common ar.3 $1 for
granulated: Dairy. $5 50 per ton; Granulated,
$t>S?G SO: Half Ground. 100-lb bags. $CJ 25: do.
|SO-lb bags. $3 75: Rock Salt. $2 7593 in 100 and
! *3 2i in 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool. $11 SO.
I S12 50 and $13 50 per ton In packages of 224.
j 110 and 50 lb«; respectively.
' SUGAR—The Western Sugar Reflnlajr Ccm
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
¦ Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crusatd. 6.25c:
! Powdered, 6.10c: Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
! Granulated, fine. 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
1 6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
! <10O-lb bags only). 5.»0c: Confectioners' A. 6c
; Magnolia A, 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c: Golden C.
J 5.40c: "D." 5.30c; barrel*. - 10c more; half
; barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: CO-Ib tags.
j 10c more for alMcinds. Tablets —Half barrels.
, 6.50c: boxes. 6.73c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos.
' 9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
! enty-flve barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER —Pine, ordinary sizes. $1SS19; ex
. tra sizes higher: Redwood »l!>tJ23; Lath 4
! feet. $3 75S1: Pickets. $17«23; Shragiea. " $2
i for No. 1 and $1 CO for Ho. 2: Shakes $u tor
I split and $15 for sawn: Rustic. $33909.
' - . ¦¦
; Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 29.
! Flour qr sks...13.790'Leather, roll* ... 275
I Wheat, ctls 1.750-Paper, rolls ...,1.570
j Barley, ctls 2.C»S|Fee«l sks ...... m
Oats, ctta 2S'MIddlIngs. sks ... 76O
I Sugar, ctls 1.213;Bran. sks 28O
Wine, gals C4,i25!Onior.s. slu 5*)
1 Chicory bbls ... 20;Potatoes. sks .... 3.75O
Lime, bbls l«2|Beanii sks 3 27*
Pelts, bdla .. 1.574 Quicksilver. iSsks. 2$9
Hides; No 8371
j
¦
;
STOCK MARKET.
Susar Still AcUtc and Firm—Other
Stocks Quiet.
The sugars continued to monovollxs tU« deal
fn»s or the Stock and Eond Exchange. ¦ but
with th* exception of Hotio-;-«3» ¦whic-i sold uj,
to $19 50. there was no further advance. Tha
plantation prospects are reported very trfer.t,
and this tends to keep the sugar stocks s*rcc«.
especially as the dividend list Is betng cteadHy
extended. Another firm property Is the United
Railways, the bonds of which have advanced
to $S7 and the preferred stock to $«5 12%. Gas
and Electric was lower at $36 5095612%.
Oceanic Steamship was higher at $5 5o.
There was nothing of Importance new in ta«
oil and mlnlne stocks.
The Giant Power Company Consolidated will
Day a regular monthly dividend of 50 certs
per share December 10.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company paid a
regular monthly dividend of $1 or $13,000 yes
terday. ...
An assessment of 15 cents per share was de
linquent yesterday on the capital stock of th»
Flscher-Rebmann Theater Company.
The Kern River Oil Company has declared
a dividend of 25 cents per share, amounting
to $30u0. payable December 15.
The California Gas anJ Electric Corporation
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 23
cents per share, payable December 13.
STOCK AM) BOXD EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Nov. 23—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask! BI4. Ask.
4s qr coup..lW 105*4143 qr cp new. 1 SO % 131
4s qr reg...l(»mc6V3s qr coup.1. 104% —
MISCELLANEOUS • BONDS.
Ala A W 5«. — — !Oak T Co 6s.l20*i —
Asso Oil 5«. S3% — I Do 5s 113i,113<*
Bay CPC 5s. 101 102%; D» con Ss.lfO^ —
Cal CO 5s.lC2*ilOJ i Oceanic S 5*. 62% —
Cal O & E g. !Om Cable fs.120% —
m A ct 5s. *4% — Pac G Im 4a, — .97"
Cal-st C 5*114 — P E Ry 5s.. — 104«i
C C Wat 5s.96 — |P A C H 6a.lO4
EdL &P6». — IK IP 4 OR 6a. - —
F A C H 68.114U — IPow«n-«t «•. — —" '
Geary-«t 5s.. 5*> — fSac EGAR^s.lOO —
H C43 5%*-lf* — ISF A SJV5S.113 —
Do 5s .... 100* 1CO* 4 ISierra »R 6s.— —
Hon R T es.104% — (3 P of A 63
L A Elec 5s.l&". — I <190»> 109 —
L A Ry 5s..116% — (»10» 110 —
L A L Co 6s — —. [8 P of C 6a
Do gtd 6s. — — I tlflTSOSr A- — —
Do gtd 5b.102% — <19G3)Sr B. — 103^
LAP lcm'5s.l01 — U90«> tftta^ —
Mkt-st C 6S.116 — fiai2) 114% —
Do lem 5s-ll«»i — SPC 1 c? 5». — —
MVA MtT5s.lO5 110 Do stampd-lCS —
NRR of C6«.10«i4 — S P B R 6s.l::i% —
Do Ss ....119H113** 3 V Wat 6s.l<UTtilO5 .
N P C R 5«.109% — Do 4s 2dm.lOO —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 99*4 —
N* C P C 5m. 99 — Do (r mt*4s 9TM^ —
N S R R 5a. S7% 94 /Stkn GAE4s. S3 —
OO L*H 5s. — 11"> [V G A E 5».102ii — •
O W gtd 5s. — 100 TJR of SF 4S..87 -./
tion seemad to cJIord r. basic ior thj later
rally, which also became fairly seneral. The
rite in some of the obscurer stoclis ~ce sen
sational, and tha led; of explansxioo fc> them
In any news developments aroused Bu'jxclon
of £ manipulative ortsin. Taten In ccT.^se
tlon 'rlih the unusual number of feilures v r —
cently tmong outside ctock dealers and buc!:c<
chepo. presumably dua to commitments on thi
f ht?rt side of c risins martlet, the presumption
is suggested that cempaisns asainst !inown
posHioas of buchet-sbops on carttin ctocSs are
the ground for the manipulated advances in
those clocks. The latest etrons rise in Unites
Sute3 Ste*l i"olloT7ed the publication of r. ru
mor that the corporation had secured an op
tion on the Lcckavrannc Steel Company. Ca
nadian Pacific was hurt by ltc decrease In
October net earnings. The irregular movement
of the mer!:ot continued to the eloee. ¦
Bends were- irregular. Toicl c&les. C-<\035.CC!>.
I'nited Stctes bonds ¦-.•ere unchenxred on ccjl.
E. F. Hutton C: Co.. ISO Ccllfornir. atroet.
Ban Frtncisco. members of the Nevr "Jor!:
Stoc!: E::che.n^e. lurnish tho foll»T7lns offlclaJ
Quotations of that 2rchwi~e:
Sales.! STOCKS. jHi3h!L.o\,-.| 31d.j Act j
71.P00iAmal" Coppe- .. Civil SO j SOfe S0*i
iAmer Can Co ...1 i 11*. 11% I
Do pfd 6**,!55Vi
600 Am Car ft t Co. 34^ 33%! 84^| 3i%
i.&ooj Do prd 03%' e:\ &3 93%
100,Ainer Cotton Oil 33% 33% 33»j, 33%
200; Do pfd »3u 93 90 W
'Amer Dlst Telsh. 30 31
jAmer Ex ] 215 218
1.100 Am G Tcrlne Co. 9*£ 9 9*4 10%
300. Am Hid« iL.. »H, S% 9 8^
600i Do pfd 3SS1 3S 37% 3S\i
1.200 Amer Ice 9Vi 9 9V, »%
8.200. Do pfd -10% 3»V> S3% 40
Am Linseed 16% 16%
' ) Do pM ;.... 39 42
6,700 Am Locomotive ..38 | 35 35V 355a
700, Do pfd 10J 103% 103 * 104
, 2?0-Amer Malt I «%! 6^1 e*B 6%
l.*C«>- Do pfd 27%»l 26 27»4' 27fe
ft.&OOlAm S i R Co. Sl*i! 81 j 81% S i2
1.200, Do pfd 113% I13%113 .113*4
70,900 i Amer Sugar - .. .'151% 147% 149%'l49%
500; Do pfd 133 il3a 139%,140
L600 Am Tel & Tel Co.il49%;i4S ,14S ;14S%
2U0, Do pfd 94 1 04 I 93 »4%
600;Acaconda 1116 115^:116 117
1 ,Ann Arbor j .- j 35 j 3»
J Do pfd t 1 *» I 70
"•?«°,A T & S Fe... *S* *7%| 87% 88
4.400, Do pfd 10.1S 103 103% 103 >s
7.4O0 Bait & Ohio .... 97 1 9>J%>, o*}*:;' 96%
! Do pfd '....! 93\! 94%
ls.eooB r t I C9%i cs I es«HS2
Brook Un Gae ..1 j 220 J222
Brunswick D 4 I.! I.'. .V.| 9'ii 9Vt
•00; Butterick Co .. 5» 59 .( 5S r \ Ui
300; Canada So .... 71\! 71 71«J 71 Vi
6.800 Canadian Pac ..'134' |USlK]lM?ixU»{
6.300C & O GO%j 49V 4S>Nf«%
C tc A !....; I i 42' i"44'
! Do pfd ,' S3 S
C& EIn>l ISO 145
,C I & L pfd f j *i5 95
10.4O0.C * G W .... 25%j-4T, 25 25%
j Do pfd A..; ...1 71 74
1.100 l>o pfd B.... 37% 37%! 3«»; 37
100 Do debs I 8* *7% 87 90
3.700 C AN W t 2ti5», 2031, 2C5 205%
r 'Sa?r^ *.¥ P---il74V17?%J74 174^
«U0. Do pfd 1S3 Tlsi Ml*2 I1S3
31.300 C R I & P (new) 37*; 36% 3(J% 37
«*, »0 Pfd 85*. S5H SSSWH
I j Do 4s :....: ; S3 S5%
Chicago Ter ...J15* 15 14*i»- 15"
j ! Do pfd 1 2«".i« I 2« J 2t!V 26«
oOO; Do pfd j 43% 43 44 45
2,000, C. C. C i St LJ S9%| 89«; 89%
t Dopfd j jH2 ills
iCleve, Lor & W.J j j 70 I SO
I I Dopfd ,90 120
4U>0u;Cc]o Fuel & Iron 5S% 56% 66*: 57
10V; Do pfd j 82H 92^1 92%! 93
4.300-Col. Hock. C& Ii 17% It?*!! 17% 17%
2.200 Colorado South.. 22«» 22%' 22» 4 *n"
2.000; X>o 1st pfd 59 j 5S%i iS% 59
200, Do I'd pfd 3«- 35*«f 35»i 36%
700 Consolidated Gas*216 t2155|215%J21«"
4t<0Con Tob CO pf-l.!l29 \1SS\ |128V 129*4
2.000 Corn Products...! 24 23^ i 23««i 23U
«00j Dopfd HH 81- M 81
«00Del A Hudson.. 1S3 !lS7«iilSs h*SX. 1
1OO;D. L & W '326 ;328 |32« i327
50U.D dc R G 33 134 | 33^1 34
700. Do pfd **}-•; 86H *<*% S7 ¦
|De* M & Ft D.. .... .1..... • 25 i 2« .
jDetroii Un Ry I...'. .j 76»i 7»j T i
l.lOODetroit Southern] 7 »i| 7%i 7U 7%
500 Dopfd | 29*4 1 29 29 23%
1L400 Distilling Sees... 39%J 3S I3**; 3S%
; Do bonds ' 77 771I
IDuluth. S S & a! 13 l 13%
200, Dopfd \ 25 24 M 24% 25
43,&00;Erie ; 40% 33% j 40% 40*1
5.200, Do 1st pfd.... 74 72\ 7S% 76^
2.1001 Do M pfd ! 57 5« 57 5711
•- !E & T H I ....,) «3 65
! Do pfd .j 1 82 S5
'General Chem... 100 ! 09^; 09% 101
SOO^neral Electric. |191 |190%;i90 l&0%
j .Great North pfd.j %. .....J222 |230
..jGreen Con Coppr;..... . S0%\ 31
I (Havana Tob Co..(...., 35' ) 3k
j Dopfd J .) 4S%i SOU !
;Hockin B Valley. .I.....J S5V.1 KiiJ '
I Dopfd !.-..;[ K9%! hO^i !
ie.400 Illinois Central. .|157%il55»» 156&13&& '
2,<XKf Interntl Paper... 21 20 20*i1 21 1
600; Do pfd 79% 79 7&%j 79
jlnterntl Power CO (61
ilntemtl Pump 42 43
100. Do pfd MlJ 8tJi; 86 87
- J Iowa Central ;. 3O 30% '
200, Do pfd 5«»4i 50 5« 57
iKanawha & Mch ..... .V... 3»»»4 40
400KC. FlS A M pfd JC«i| S2*i 82V. «T«
SOO.K C Southern... 29 j 27*4 1 2«% ' 29
I.2O0; Do pfd !>2%\ 51%i 52",-, 52»i I
jKeokuk A Des M| s IS 20
fLaclede Gas pfd. 90-
lLake Erie & W..| * 40 42*
] Do pfd -... &<$ 102
;Long Island J 5« C2
"•JJI-iN il41%il39T» I3»T4 14.IU
1.200 Manhattan .168 167% 107«i 16S
100: Do Beach ;..„ tflu n
.^.....jMet Eecurttie... « 81 81% W%
22.*>00,Met Bt Ry 124\il22»iilS4i 124%
16,200 Mex Central ... 23%i 22%' 22^ «•**
300Mlnn fc St L... 64*41 <*% «3% £%
Do 1st pfd ! .....{ 92 V*
§Sf<0 M St PiS S M.j 91U flWiJ »o*i 91U
1W{ Dopfd !l4« !l4« 14R 147
1,500, Mo Kan A Tex.! 34»£j 3H*4I xt% 34
€Ot»j X>o pfd -63 f «2%| 62*1 63 '
19,«tiO Mo Pacific lroHilusa^lioSH loa
lOOlNational Lead..! 23% 23>l 23«i Iii
...r...L i>» pfd ..........7..... 06 78 m2
300,^ RR of IT pfd! 42-i 42s, 42% 43
H" National Biscolt 55% 65«i 55M 55U
j Do pfd ...:. 114% llfii;
....... N J Central : . . lft<>% 192
5O0N V Air Brake IM 163 (163 164
S.50O!N T Central..;. 141*4 W3 il4f>S!l40*i
3S.100JN T C & St L. 42% 41 j 42H 42%
Do 1st pfd. -.\ 112 jlie'
'...I Do 2d pfd.. :.. ..... 74 I 75-
N Y Dock. ...; 25 SO -
....... N V N H A H lJOtj 297
1.5O0-N T Ont A W.. 42 41% 4I*i! 42
6.400 Norfolk * We«t 76*j 7fl 76U1 7<>*i
.......I Dopfd ..<....! J 1 00 I 94
L300|North Amertcan.JlOO il03%!103i4JlC3%
..:....jNorth 8«car./ V( i.....i;. 121*4 121 Jj
Omaha ( I 67 J 69.
-i Do VIA ......... ioa»i 104 «
O S L 4s ;.„. 103%]I04
900'Padflc Coast 78 j 77*4 77%i 7d«
J Do 1st pfd ..-.. f»9 1105
3001 Do 2d pfd 63 83 1 82 • j 83
3.300 Pacific Mail ...I 49V4) 45%| 4>v;S 49 '
lR^noOPenn R R Co...;i3s%li37%!l.TS,%|13S«
3S.S00 People's Gas ...!H2K!llO%!lll$i|m«i
iPere Margbette. {..... L.;.. 75 | So
100P C C * St L.f 75 j-75 ¦ 74 I J6
100! do pfd ....... Jim Jio« 104 i hoc
17.10o'Pressed Steel C! 41«4I 40% 40*4) 41 -
«nol Dopfd- ..ISOtflOO. 90%| 90U
400 4 Pullman C Co.. 240 1240 240 1243*
I.flOOlRy Steel 9 Oo. . 33H1 S3«i 33 | 33U
2.V0' Dopfd....... 01*41 91^ 91 1 91%
ViOlReadlng 76Tij 75*4 78UJ 76*i
800i Do lrtpfd....l K7U! KU ffj 1.J»«
M«0l Do 2d pfd *0%j 73*i1 79*41 «0%
B.700:Republlc S & I) lSUl 17% 17*4 18
- S.2f«0! Do pfd ..'..: ..I 72%i 71%! 72 "72«
iAORubber Goods...) 25HI 24*JI 24*4 23
400' Do pfd ... j 91 1 pnii 90% 92
6ftO ; Sloei Fhef S&IC1 62^1 62% 62H «2%
! Do pfd I.....!...;. 69 101 -
-.JSt J A G I ;:...!;. .v;|.v... 1« " 17«
I Do 2d pfd.....|.....|.....J 37 I 28«4
Salvador— Stock. 7740 ba^s; 1331 io for fancy
washed, nominal; n%©12%c far strictly prim*
washed, nominal: 10- 4 ttllc for goo-1 to pr;m«
washed: &39%c for fair washed: 10®llHc far
fair to prim* wash**! peaberry; »-\Jili>o for
good to prime ,emi-waabed: d%99%c for su
perior unwashed: »\c for good irraen nr.-wajh
ed; 9%910c for good to superior unwashed
peaberry: 5^67^0 for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua, — Nominal; stock, 323 'bags; 11%
£13%c for prime to fancy washed: On ?!0%o
for fair to strictly good washed: 9«i@9^c for
good to superior unwashed: »%®10c for good
to prim* unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock 19.612 bags) and Mexican
(stock, CS2 bags) — 13%<?14%c for fancy wash
ed, nominal; ll%O13c for prime to atrtctly
prlnje washed nominal; 10%®llc for •trietlr
good washed: lO$nov;c j ;r r0 od washed; i> , f
9^e for fair washed; 8SS^e for medium;
5*iC»f»c for Inferior to ordinary; 10V»tJll»*o
for good to prime- washed peaberry; 9%'310c
for good to prtma nnwashed peaberry; 9^0
9%c for good to superior unwashed.
CORDAGE— With th« exception of Manila,
quotations are %c higher. Tb» local cosipaBy
quotes as follo'ws. CO days or % per cent <ll»
cocnt for cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs; Ma
nila 14%c: Sisal, 10i«c; Duplex. »Vic; Bal»
Rope. HVi©U»»c per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— Nominal ; stock, 1284.
bags; 14615HC for strictly prime t. fancy
washed; 12%U13%c for prime washed; 11%©
12Ue for good washed; ll%913c for good to
prime washed peaberry: lOallc for good - to
prime peaberry: ll«12%e for good to prlnve;
vei0*;o for fair; 7%6&%c for common to or
dinary.
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; "Welsh
Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump. $11 SO;
Cannel $9 per ton: Coke. $11 30Q13 per ton
In bulk and $15 tn sacs3; Rocky Mountain de
scriptlotw. $3 50 per ,hort ton.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb,
4 He: cases, regular. $5 53: ease*, extra large.
6*,c; Eastern styte; 6%»c; boneless. «%€;
'"Norway." «Hf: "Narrow Gauge." <J%c; "Sli
ver King." 7&c; blocks. ••Oriental," 6%o;
blocii. "Seabrlght." "c: tabltts, 7><;c: mid
dles 769Vic- fancy boreless, 8Vi#d*ic; pickled
Cod' bbls $3; pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75.
I Canvasback $5©6: Teal. $1 25; Sprig. $1 75«2;
I Widgeon. $i@l 25; Red Heads. $1 W>g2: email
Ducks. $1; Gray Geese $203: "White O*e?e.
. $1©1 75: Brant. $1 25ff2 60; Honkers, $3£5:
, enipe. *3 for English and*$l 50 for common;
Doves. $1 25; Hare, $1 50©l 75: Rabbits. $2 far,
Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
While the Butter market continued steady
» yesterday, there was less disposition to rush
; prices upward, as four out of five dealers ex
1 pressed the opinion that such a course would
{ produce a reactionary break later on. At tha
: same time, an advance In the near future Is
: generally expected, as already mentioned.
Stocks are steadily getting rmal'er and a sharp
frost would hasten the anticipated advance,
i There are now a few orders on the market for
{ interior and northern points, and it la argued
• that any radical advance now would shut
I them off and immediately check the advance.
j These considerations Impel - the trade to go
j slowly and let well enough alone for the pres
• ent and permit the advance to take plac«
I easily and naturally. \
Cheese remains as before quoted, with a
quiet market.
There was no further decline in Eggs, but
tho market was quiet and barely steady.
Receipts were 23.500 lbs Butter, 552 cases
Egga and 2400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 21o
for extras end 13920c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 17SiSe; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. 10gl4o; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Sajtern ladle-packed. 13(?16c.
" CHEESE^ — ll%@12c for choice mild new and
log lie far old; cold storage, 10% § lie; Young
j Americas. 12@12M:e: Eastern. 10#13c per lb.
EGGS^-Hanch, 3t/<?3Sc for good to fancy and
j 34@35c -or common; cold storago, 204?30c;
I Eastern. 25©2Sc for choice, 22^24c for stand
ard; r-nC I9©21e for seconds. #
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Crult inarliet rms absolutely devoid/ of I
fecturo, V7lti: most dealers complaining of tho ;
dullness oi trade. Citrus fruits were quiet
j and lowor pricoc ruled for Navel Oranges and
; tho lowor jjredes of Lomons, both descriptions
» belnc In free supply. Japoneco Mandarins.
' both In, Iarse and small boxes. -.7ero offered
: ct the flat rale of ?1 5O per bos. but sold
alowly o~ln{r to tho abundance and comrara
. tlvo cheapness of California. Tangerines. There
. ~as continued weakness In Apples and two
; carloads came In to an already overstocked
¦ market. Grapes were neglected and crated
; 3tock was lower. All binds of Berries Trero In
; light receipt 2nd cleaned up readily. C0C3
; Bay Cranberries cere closely cleaned up and
; firmer, while the Eastern article vras steady
¦ at the old quotations.
STRAWBERRIES — Longwortha. $10 per
chest; Cheneys. $3§6; Maltndas and Brandy-
J wines, $4®6. -
RASPBERRIES— SS per chest
• HUCKLEBERRIES— 0® lie per lb.
j- CRANBERRIES— 51C4J11 per bbl for ISast-
I ern and 3" 75§3 per bos for Coos Bay. ¦ ,
APPLES— $1 25 ppr box for extra fancy. 75c
I ®$1 for ordinary fancy and 40@65c for common '
I to choice; Lady Apples. 5232 23 per box.
PEARS— Winter NelUa. 51 SO per box; cook
ing varieties, 50c@$l per bos.
FIGS — Nominal.
GRAPES — Crates. 40$ 75c; small bozos S5S
50c; open boxes. 75c©$l 23.
1 CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Navels, $1«2 '
; per bos; Seedlings. 75c©$l; Tangerines. 75c for
small and $1&1 25 for largo boxes; Japanese
. Mandarins, $1 50 per box; Lemons $2 &G@3
for fancy. Si 7f@2 23 for choice and $1©1 51'
for standards;- Grapo Fruit". $1 75@2 30; Mexi
can Limes. $4 per case; Bananas. $2£3 per
bunch for Central American and $1©2 for'Ha
' waiUn : Pineapples. 51 5OS3 SO per dozen.
I Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey.
Apricots anfi Raisins are firm at the ad- j
j vances already noted, and there is still a good 1
j demand for the few Peaches left, but as a
rule the market is a very dull one. Nuts
; continue firm and Prunes are steadily passing i
out of the hands of growers and driers. Hooey
Is still dall. with Nevada in good supply.
FRUITS — Apricots SglO%c for Royals and
«%©12c for Moorparks; Nectarines, «%^7%c
1 for White and 6%#7c for Red; Peaches 7?if»
I S»ic per lb; Pears. 7@12c; Plums, pitted B©
t»%c fcr blacks. 7*»gS^c for red and 7©S%c
! for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks, 60c; 3-crown.
1 65c; 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown. (S5c; bulk white,
•J* 4 @.lc; black. 2%f?5%c; Evaporated Apples.
' 4%@6%c per lb.
; PRUNES— l^ei^c per-Ib for the four sixes
and 2'ic basis for the large sires.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno— Im- I
perlal clusters. $2 25Q2 50; Dehesa. $1 3091 35;
London Layers. $1©1 10; Looee Muscatels. 4- •
crown. 5g5iic; 3-crown. 4%c: 2-crown 3H® '
3*;c: Seeded. 4?see^ic; Thoftpson's Seedless, :
4i*e4%c; Seedless Sultanas 3Kc- per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. i softshell. 12© \
13tf; No. 2, loeilc; No. 1 hardshell, 12c; !
No. 2. 10c: Almonds, lt"^17c for Nonpariel' i
14@14%c for I X L. 13%@14%c for Ne Plus j
Ultra and lie for Languedoc: Peanuts tQ~c for <
Eastern; Pecans. 11&13C; Cocoanuts $4 5C#5- '>
Chestnuts. 7@1»c per lb for California and llff :
12%c for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. H%eiSc for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted 5%O ]
«c: light amber extracted. 5©5%c; dark. :t& I
; BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
! Provisions.
! All quotations remain as before, with the
markets du!l and featureless everywhere
' CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for '
heavy. 10%c for Ught medium. 13c for light. I
14c for extra light and 14%c for su^ar-cured: '
dry Salt Sides, loc: Bellies lie: Cutem sugar I
cured Ham». 12%#12?ic: California Hams. !
12©12»4c: Mess Beef. 10@10 50 per bbl; extra!
Mess, $10 50311: Family. $12gl2 50; prime i
Mess Pork. $14 50: extra clear. $22; M»ss,
$1« 50: Pig Pork. $25; Pigs" Feet. $5; Smoked
E»cf. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9^9%c for pure; half-barrels* pure ji.e :
9*ic : 10-lb tins. 10»,c; 51b tins' 10*4c- 3:1b '
tins. 10%c. ' " j
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 6%f three!
half barrels. S%"c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces,
6"-ic; -five tierces. S%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The markets under this head show no chans* >
! worthy of note, except that Hops are quoted
¦ very dull at the moment, with local handlers '
quoting a lower range of values, and buyers i
indifferent. Wool Is cleaned up aad very firm !
at the old prices. The hide men report an !
active and firm market In their line, witb !
buyers keeping the market well cleaned uo
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull, and brands sell
about lM-eic under quotations. Heavy salted '
SteersT lie; medium 10c: light. »%c: Cow '¦
Hide?, 9%c for heavy and 9%c for light- i
Stags. 7c; Salted MCip. 10%c: Salted Veal '-
lie; Salted Calf, ll%c: dry Hides. 17%c: dry
, Kip. 15c: dry Calf. 20c: Sheepskins, ebearlir.rs |
; 25640c each; short Wool 40fifi5c each" me'
I dium. 75390c; long Wool, $181 50: Horse
l.Hlde*. salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for
• medium. $1 5C©2 for small and 50c for Colta
i Horse Hides dry. $1 75 large and $1 25® '
1 for medium. $1 for small 50c for Cotts I
, Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c- dry salted •
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30c- Goat !
Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do i
•• $1 25: Urge, 60c: medium 3oc; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, ifltu'c per lb-
I No. 2. 3%c: Grease 2%©3c.
j WOOL— Fall -clip-^San Joaquin and South
; ern. 9flllc: Southern. ««!><;: Southern Moun
j tain. »911c; MUdle Counties, free l^QUc
, do defective. 10S12c; Northern fre* 12«14c :
! do. defective. lC©12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. l«§isc per lb
HOPS— 1004 crop. 27% 631c per lb.
Ment Market.
{ Yesterday's market ruled firm at the ad
i vances already noted. Good to choice Beef
continues In light supply and good fat Mut
ton Is not coming in freely. Receipts of Hogs
are still comparatively light.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
, are a.« follows:
! BEEF— C!g7c for. Steers and 4®3Hc per lb
. for Cows.
i VEAL— Large. e@7%c: small 7S9c uer lb
! Wethers. 7eSc; Ewe,. 6%^ per
LAMB— R%€9%c per lb
j PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%gS%c per lb
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle
. CA Tuitfn S i t *n- 7 A ie7^ c -" c <™ and Helf
; em. 5%ff«»%c^ thin Cows 4g5c per lb
; CALVES— Ig4%c per lb' {gros, weight)
SHEEP-Wethers. 3%©3*ic; Ewes. %ZHc
'per lb (gross weight). «#«-*«>
LAMBS— $2 5OS2 75 per head
HOGS— LUe Hogs. 2C0 to 250 lbs 4*.»4T; r 
: 130 to 200 lbs. 5@3Xic: SO to 130 lbs' 4Se4\c :
: soft Hogs, not wanted; Sow*. 20 p P * p cent off :
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 p£ C ent
; oft from above quotations ~ -
- ' . <
1 General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Baps 5S@5%c spot and &»
' for next year: Wool Bags. 30832c; Fleece
IBM^ckf UITS ~ F0!i0Vlng *" PTic ~ '«
S^ * '.' :'¦"':¦-•
Apples $1 53 $1 30 $1 20 si 10
I Apricots : 1251115 1 OS
Blackberries 1 «o 1 33* 1 2il 1 15
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 10 1 no 1 65!
; Do White :... 2 00 1 C5 1 50 '.".'.
I Do Black."..- 1 80 1 65 1 50 1 .. .
.Grapes, Muscat 1 25 1 10 1 00J SO
(Nectarines j 50 1 25 1 13 1 OS
: Peaches. Yellow 173 1 35 1 23 1 13
Pears, Bartlett 1 00- 1 *>, 1 co : 1 30
Plums. Green Gage " 1 35* 1 1 0 1 00 90
Do Damson 1 401 1 IS 1 Oil 1 CO
Raspberries 2 50i 3 23 2 00 1 90
Strawberries 2 OOJ 1 75| 1 gQJ 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes 2%-lbi
standards. 65Q70C; gallon standards. $2; 3-Ib.
solid pack. S7%et>0c: Green Peas— Petiu pots,
$1 35;. extra sifted.. $1 13; standard sifted $1;
standards. S5690c; Marrowfats. . S5637%c f.
o. ' b. San Francisco.- -.--."
COAL— Richmond is 50c higher. WeUimj
ton. $S per ton: Ntw Wellington. $8; Seattle.
$S 50; Bryant. $6 30: 'Beaver Hill. $5 50; Ros-
Ij-n $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Richmond $3; Cum-"
twUmi. S13 in bulk and $14 25 In sacks-
local market. London closed at £12 16s 8d.
Spelter was also unchanged at $5 75<8>5 87»j
In the local market and at £25 2s 6d In
London.'
Iron closed at 53s 6d in Glasgow and at 47s
9d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed, r No. 1 foundry.^ Northern. No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry. South
ern soft, are quoted at $16 75§17 25; No. 2
foundry. Northern, $16 25gl6 75.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.—Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes, as com
pared with the last account:
Wheat—United States and Canada, east of 1
the Rockies, increase 2.6SS.000 bushels: afloat
j for and In Europe, Increase 2,000,000 bushels;
j total supply Increase 4.0SS.O0O bushels.
' Cora —United States and Canada, east of tha
; Rockies, Increase 1,420,000 bushels.
1 Oats—United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 275.000 bushels.
;
J
!
'
•
;
i
I
i
I
j
I
i
!
j
j
'
!
\
!
i
'.
I
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHIC/GO, Nov. 29.—Influenced by early
ilrmneGj'ln the Liverpool wneat market, said j
i to be duo to reports of unsettled weather In ,
! Argentine tho -a-heat marl:et hero opened firm. 1
' December <naa ui ¥%c at 51 «7% and May fc© !•
1 Vc to %@>£c at"SI 03*6 to 51 O9?4. From the
I start jowever, there was free seliins b7 com- j
! mlcsion houses with Northwestern connections, j
• Pit traders were inclined to follow. A prlvato j
'¦ dispatch denying unfavorable weather la Ar
t caused some T7ea!snes3. Initial quota
| Uons aiarJ:ed the hlffb point of the day, prices
I -jradually receding as trading progreesed. One j
! of the principal elements la tho situation -.vas 1
the accumulation- of i7hect In store In the j
i ICorthuect. Some crop damage aetTE came In (
I durins tha day, but apparently had little ef
; feet. 'Tie close Trac xveal^ with December at j
i 31 C«^. "-In&l azures on Ucy Trero Ct 51 08% ;
1 m 03%. ¦
Cora was easy r.U day, ZJscemoei' cloolno &c '
, lower ct -lS%c.
I Oatc -^cre practically uacntmsec rJl dfjr, I
! i;>ecember closing at 29^«c.
; Liberal hos receipts and o£ -wheat .
' and corn caused oome liquidation of provisions^
but prices shov;ed only slight chanjjes. At the
I close port: and lard wen; 2tc!i off 2itc and |
ribs r.shade lower.
J The leading futures rr^Jged as iollot7s:
Articles. Open. High. ILou. Clots.
EiVembt:- *".*..". i 07% 1 07Ti 1 03% Z 08%
1 May ..." lay* l («is i os% I csii
j.Tuly CU SO 07V. 07%
! Corn 2 To. 3 —
j Dscsmber 48%, ¦&>% 'ffU ff%
; July C« 16 CS\L. 45%
Oats. No. 2— • . _
November --••. -• • - • 30%
December Wi 29Vi 29 29%
• ilcy 31H - 31% 31% 31?' 3
i July 31»f 31»i 31% Zl%
; i.Iocs Dor!i. Der bbl —
; January .......12 GO 12 S2U 12 72% 12 77fc
!llay... 12 05 12 97 & 12 80 12 93
; Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 7 "24 V 02% '« 00 7 00
• I-'ay ..-. 7 20 7 22*1: 7 17^6 7 20
I • Phort'ri'bs. per 100 lbs— ¦ n ¦
January « 53 0 5o 0 52K 0 5o
illay... 6 75 C 75 3 70 S 72%
Crsli Grain and ProvLslons.
CHICAGO. Nov. VSST— Cash quotations T7ere as
¦ follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat.
51 0381 13; No. 3, 51 0-.'@l 10; No. 2 red,
: 51 10S1 11««: IJo. 2 corn, 50c; No. 2 yellow.
50Hc: No. 2 oats. 30H'c; No. 2 white. 32^4fr
3£i;c- No 3 white. 3t'%©32c; No. 2 ryo. 77c;
! "ood feedins barley. 3V; fair to choice mcJt
, ln« j2S31c; No. 1 fl?~«e«i. $1 11: No. 1
i Northwestern. £1 18: Prime timothy ¥ ceed,
!/» 70- mess pork per bbl, 511 ."Wall 35; lard,
per 10U lbs. S7; short ribs sides <loo?e), 56 62% 1
' ©« 75: short clear sides <boxed), 58 75g6 S7%;
I whisky, baslft of hish r/in«o. 51 2i; clover.
! cor.tra'ct rrade, 25.
; Articles— Receipts. Shlpmento.
Flour hols 2b.'00 21.200
I Wheat bu H0.COO 134.S0O
! Co" bu 490.200 242.700
,'Oats' bu 151.200 20b,500
Rve bu 2 5.500 t.«J0O I
Biriey. bu :....:y. 97.300 26,400!
Butter, Clicese and Eggs. '
' CHICAGO Nov. 29—On the Produce Es- 1
change to-day the butter market was firm;!
creameries. 16g25c; dairies. 15&21c. Eggs j
1 steady; at mark, 194624c. Cheeee steady. I
! liei-'c * 1
OATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS,
. ¦"" Vt •¦-,
Chicago. >
CHICAGO. Nov. 20.—CATTLE—Receipts, >
8000. Including 25(>0 Westerns; market steady.
Good to prime steers, $ft®7 30; poor ' to roe-;
dium $3 C035 i*O; stackers and feeders. $1 75 j
SJ4 2t>: cows, ?1 75«f4; heifers, fl «*6§6 33: '
cannere. $140®2 35; bul!», $2®4 20; calves. $3'
©C 60; \Vestern steers. $.1 50^5 15.,. . ;
HOGS—Receipt?. 25.(«»0; to-morrow, e£ti- j
mated, Sfr.000: market steady. Mixed and !
butchers, f 4 50@4 7w; good to choice heavy. ,
*4 60^4 7o; rough heavy. $4 40534 55; light. !
$4 40'a-J GO; bulk of sales, <4 ."i.>T/4 00.
SHEEP—Receipts'. Zj.VjO: "stroijg; lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. "?4 35^4 90; '
fair to choice mixed. $3 50^4 30; Western .
; she»r». ?3©5: native lambs. $4 25ffi} 10; West- *
' ern lambs. $4©5 S-0. . . j
Kansas City. '
I KANSAS CITY. Nov. 2U-—CATTLE— Re- j
cei?ts. 21,000; steady to 10c lower. Native {
; steers. $3 50126 25; native cows and heifers. .
$1 50@5; stockers ' and feeders. $2 50^4 '£>; t,
bulls, $2©S 5O; calves, f2 :»>%£. Western !
steers. *364 75; Western cows. >1 .V>Q3 ». '
. HOGS—Receipts. 20.000; steady to 5c lower, i
Bulk of sales. $4 35&t 65; -heavy. J4 60S* 70:
packers, $4 5O®4 65; pigs and lights, $3 75g
4 80.
SHEEP—Receipts. 6000; steady. Muttons,
I ?3 7535 25; lambs, >4 50^0; range wethers. $4
©4 d(>: ewes. $2 50^4 25: Utah lambs, 63
pounds $3 60; Utah yearlings, 9b pounds,
$4 £5.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Nov. 29.—CATTLE—Re- ¦
celpts, 3S00: market generally steady. -Native,
steers. $3 7566 30; cows and heifers, $2 40# i
3 S3; Western steers, $2 00^4 70: Texas steers, i
$2 70S3 SO; range cows and heifers. $2 308 ;
3 40; canners. *1 75^2 30: stockers and feed- • •
ers, »2 40^3 W; calves, $2 50@5 25; bulls and
stags,. *"Zi3 M.
HOGS—Receipts. 12.000: market shade to 5c '
lower. Heavy. $4 45Q4 SO; mixed. $4 45<3> '
4 47%: lisht. M 4'«*i4 47%; pigs, $434 40; bulk I
of sales, ?4 45§4 47%.
SHEEP—Receipts. 6000: market steady to }
. stronr. Western yearlings. $4 3O§4 05; weth- 1 '
«r«, .<4g4 50: ewes. $3 90£4 5C; common and]
, dockers. $2 50^4 35: Iambs. $5^5 90.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
I Foreign 'Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. . March. May. 1
Opening .""...7 1% 7 *M 7 4U, \
Closing 7 1% 7 3^ 7 3*;
PARIS. i
Wlr-at — I Nov. Mar. -June. I
Opening 2* 05 25 50 !
Closing . 24 05 25 55 ft
Flour— 'I
Opening 3183 33 35
Closing ¦ 31 05 33 35
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Nov.". 29. — The wool market ha« -
been quieter than In recent weeks, with a firm j
tone prevalent. The quiet tone results from a I
-genuine scarcity of ,wcol In the grades chiefly '
In demand. Territory wools have sold freely in j
the generally quiet niarket. :
! QUOTATIONS: j
' Idaho— Fine, lSV;019e; heavy fine. 16@17c; i
i fine medium. lSVj@U»c; medium, 21@22c; low i
j medium. 22@23c.
i Wyoming — Fine, 17»4frl$Kc: heavy fine. 153 '
lfic; fine medium. KViSlfc: medium. 2^fr23e: ;
low medium. 2'J@21c. l
Utah and Nevada — Fine. 17@lSc; heavy fine, j
15@lCc; fine medium. 17^'glSc; medium, 22® i
23c; tow medium. 23<&Uc. '.
Montana — Fine choice. 21g22c: fine average. ,
lP@20c; fine medium, choice. 21022c; average. :
19gi0c;. staple. 22§23c;- medium, choice, 23<j ;
London .Wool Sales.
.LONDON, Nov. 29.— The sixth series of the
| llrtH wool aucuoa sales closed . to-day. The of «
I firings amounted to 1L337 bales, lncludlngf a
j large supply of *coureds. Prices were maIn
i tained. Crossbrcds sold readily and a few lots
j were taken for America.
The vales closed firm. Merinos were In steady
i demand throughout the series. Fine greasy
Merinos advanced 7*£d and scoureds and med- i
lum greasy five per cent,. while faulty and In- S
! ferlor grades were unchanged. Fine cross- j
breds advanced five cer cent and medium and |
ccarse 10 to 15 :>er cent. Fine scoured el lpes I
¦ pnlned 10 per cent; medium and coarse, 15 J
¦ per cent and short inferior 20 per cent. - !
. Cape of Good Ho:w and Natal wool closed
i five pf r ant dearer.
Durinjr the series 3R.63S bales were taken by
home buyers, 40.000 for the Continent and 2000
for America. About 1000 bales were held over
for the 1905 galeg.
St. Louis Wool 3Iarket.
ST. LOUIS, Nov.- 29.— WOOL— Firm. Me
dium "frrades,- combing ana clothing. 22®20c- '-
Ught fine. lSe22^c; heavy fine, 14gl8c; . tub '
washed, 27©40c . I
¦",."¦.. ¦ '..» —^—^— — — . i
Xortliern Wheat Market.
; . . OREGON.
PORTLAND. -XovJ.29.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
export basts. ¦ SOc: milling. &3c;. Eastern mar
ket" basis, 64c.- Bluestem. 3©5c higher;' val-
WASHINGTON. .
* TACOMA. Nov. ; 23.— Wheat, unchanged.
Bluet tern, ; &3c; club, 85e. ; .¦' - .a*
Northern Business.
.. S E1ATTLE. Nov. 29."— Clearings, $788.148 •
balances., $222,102. , :..... Kl.
TACOMA.- Nov. 29. — Clearings, $573 750
balances.' $35.2t36.- .
-', PORTLAND. Nov. 29.— Clearings. 5623,930; :
balance*,- SC6.715. ¦¦-: ,- :
SPOKANE.' Nov. 29. — Clearings, $403,451; <
balanc*. **<* loa ¦ -,
LOGAIi JIARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver . and ¦ Sterling Exchange show slight
advances.
' LOCAL. ,
Sterling Exchange, sixty day«..$ — ©4 §4
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 S6%©4 BJJJ
Sterling Exchange cables ...... 4 S7HCH S»?*
New York Exchange, sight.... Par @ — ,
N. Y. Exchange, telegraphic... O2 1 A& — .
Silver.. per ouncfe. • — @ 59H
Mexican Dollars ........... • 47.® **i*
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Paris j£?**
New York on Mexico iT?2,,
Paris on London £i™2
Berlin on London 20.3SVa
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The market for epot
charters continues extremely dull, engagements
being few and far between, while ships'con
tinue to leave port In ballast? seeking busi
ness. The rates are nominal at about 13s sw.
usual European options, or about 3s 9d belovz
the rates asked by the shipowners' combine.
The chartered wheat fleet in port has a reg
istered tonnage ot 21.100. against 24.000 tons |
on the same date last year; disengaged, ll.oOO
tons, against 117.260; on the *voy to this port,
165.500 tons against 182.750.
• WHEAT— Liverpool futures "srero lower.
Chicago was 1c lower and tho market was
heavy, -arith ory T?ecther tha only bull feature.
Thfc Chicago Trlrea of S. F. Hutton & Co.
said: VCash :>uslnes3 !a cJl primary markets
repoTtetT dull. No demand for cash Wheat or
J"lour. Many factors combined to causa j
treakness In. tho Wheat market to-day, -ower
close from Liverpool vrould indicate some little >
improvement in Arsentine condltlonc. though
news from that country ic confllctinc. Brad
street'e report, showine c large Increase,
3.000. COO in oxcesa of last yea?, caused some
celling, as did the report that another cargo
of Manitoba Wheat has beon uorkefl to come
to Chicago. Trade ...continues dull and 7er?
professional in character. Tho sentiment $f j
the trado is* rJl around to ono side anfl tna j
rani: anC flle of traders are novr unanimously ¦
bearish. While have not been in sympathy
TTith tha present price of Wheat ior time time. |
v/e do not think, conslderins the temper of the
trade that the raarket will so Tery far on tho (
down >crade at the oioment. Trade ic very
narrow and easily oversold, and sharp rallies
occur CThen not espected. We cdvlse against '
Settinc short on sharp breaks, as vre feel the
opportunity iTill come rjhen Wheat can be :
advantageously cold oa bulges. We continue*
to loo!i for c. scalping market, -^ith good .
aciegs In both directions, and cdvlse traders ;
to bs content •,7lth mcderr.te profits for the ¦
time belnc-" !
In the local maAet cash Whect was easy, j
but no lower. The futures declined and there
was heavy liquidation in December, trhlch
carried May docrn oith !t. -Tho decline la De
cember was 3c.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 C5@l 52M:: California :
White Australian, §1 6Cgl 62*,: Northern
Club, $1 5C@1 C2H. with noae offerlas; North- j
ern Bluestem, $1 60® 1 C2i«; Northern Red.
$1 j-w. per ctl.
ITUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. '. Close. ';
Dacembar ...?1 12 31 42 51 39*4 31 39*4 i
liay 1 «% 144^j 1 42*, 1 42'i
2 p. ra. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...51 39»i §1 38}g 51 39*4 $1 C9%,
Hay 1 42»t 1 42?i 1 42*j 1 42%
• BARLEY — Futures were lower and dull, but ,
the cash grain was steady at previous prices. |
Tho market exhibits no particular feature at j
the moment. Receipts are moderate, but ex- ;
cept choice bright Feed, which is scarce, they j
are ample for the demand, which Is slow. (
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 05«l 13%: Brewing and Shipping,
SI 15@1 17^6; Chevalier. 51 1561 20 per ctl. i
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December— §1 10%.
May— $1 09. v ;
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 OSU. •
May— $1 0S%.
OATS — The market shows no new features, i
The demand for seed is good, but for feed ,
slow. Offerings continue ample for all cur- .
rent needs. !
White. $t 42H©1 57% r Surprise. ?1 55^1 60;
Red for feed, $1 324®1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22 H SI SO for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
SI 42h@l •'*': Black $1 .'Mil 35 for feed and
$1 iZi\ C2i 3 for seed.
CORN — There were no receipts from any
source yesterday, something unusual. The
market continues quiet, steady and unchanged.
Western sacked. $1 4.1&1 :•(> for- Yellow. .
$1 lOfll 50 for White and $1 45@1 CO for
Mlxfrd; California large Yellow. $1 454gl 50;
email round do, $1 55@1 62$; White, nom
inal: Egyptian. $1 35© I 40 for White and
$1 KHfcl 20 for Brown.
RYE— *1 4061 4S per ctl. Offerings are
light and the market is firm, with some extra
choice for seed held above the quotation".
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at about $2 per
cental.
— — — i
Flour and MiiLstuffs. !
- The milters are quoting quieter markets un- \
der this head, as usual at this time of the '
year. Quotations remain unchanged. \ .
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $i &»3
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, ft 7095;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@1 50
per bbl.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as ;
follows: Graham Flcur, $2 73 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. $2 SO: extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat Groats. $4 23: Hominy.
$3 60So S5; Buckwheat Flour. $4 2}: Cracked
Wheat. $3 75: Farina, ?4; Wh«Ie Wheat
Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats bbls. *<i 75@7 5O : m
sacks $4 25; Pearl Barley. *5: Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per lw lbs.
Hay and Feed*;uiffs.
The situation remains unchanged. Bran and
Middlings being firm with light stocks, while
Hay is steady at the familiar prices. Receipts ¦'
of Hay yesterday wpre only 9 cars.
BRAN— $19 50g20 S.0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — K23©2S per ton -
SHORTS— $19 5l>@20 50 per ton. ;
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J24624 50 per
(on: Oilcake Meal at the mill Sol 50@32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. *23©24 ; Cocoa
nut Meal. $2*825; Corn Meal. $31 M@.12;
Cracked Corn, $32g32 50; Mixed Feed. J22@ .
23; Horse Beans. $50@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. ilCglo; Wheat and Oat $10®
14; Oat. $9§12; Barley and Oat. $>'a\l; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7«10; stable. ?»©10; rtock.
$5 5C@7; Clover. $ 7^10; Alfalfa, $3Q12 per
°STRAW— 55@C0c per bale.
Beans and Seed.-'.
Arrivals of Beans continue comparatively ;
moderate for this time of the year, and were '
only 327S eacks yesterday. Trade continues ;
Inactive and the market Is featureless.
In Seeds. Alfalfa and Canary are lower, and
there is some change In Mustards. Otherwise I
there Is nothing new.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 75@->: Pea. nominal: :
Butler. $3@3 25; small White. $3 15£3 SO;
large White. ?2 40g2 fc5: Pink. $2 75*3 15; :
Red. $4 25©4 M; Lima. $4 15fr4 25; Red Kid- '
neys, $4 50; Blackeyes. $2 60^2 75 per ctl; '
Horse Beans. $1 S562 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal — no good
lots offering: Yellow Mustard 3^@3f«c: Flax.
$2©2 75; Canary. «)>4c: Alfalfa. 12«i@13=;
Rape. lH€2Hc;. Timothy. 594c: Hemp iVtQ i
3»ic per lb: Millet. 2^<g3%c; Broom' Corn ;
Seed. $2O{r21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $1 75©2 50; Green j
Peas. $1 75©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
River Burbanks continued to* arrive freely, I
and as there were over 20.C00 sacks lying on '
the wharves unsold the market was very much j
depressed" for that line of goods. Quotations !
were unchanged, as the bulk of the supplies
were controlled by a few dealers, and they !
were of the opinion that the stock" would not .
sell any better even If, prices were reduced, j
Salinas Burbanks were steady, with a scarcity i
of strictly fancy stock. Offerings of Sweets i
consisted wholly of carried-over stock, which
moved freely at the old . quotations. * Onions
were steady to firm as to quality.
Receipts of southern vegetables were light
but ample, as the high prices checked the de
mand. Egg Plant and Summer? Squash In ',
large boxes were steady, while bay Tomatoes ¦
dragged, being mostly of poor quality
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 40®
65c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 V IC§I 35 per :
ctl; Oregon Burbante. 75c@$l p*r ctl; River 1 ,
Reds. 6O@70c.per ctl: Sweet Potatoes. SO£90c '
per ctl.
. ONIONS— $2@2 35 per ctl . for fancy and :
$1 25<S1 50 per sack for off grades
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 6c per lb; j
String Beans. 3<g6c per lb; Wax Beans., 4@5c; !
Lima i Beans. 607c per • lb: Tomatoes; 40^S5c !
per box for bay and e5<gSKte for ¦ southern; <
Summer Squash. 75c p*r box for southern am!
$1 for .bay; Cabbage. 65®7oc* per ctl; Carrots,
75c per sack ; Cucumbers, nominal ; Garlic
4H@5c per lb; Egg Plant, large boxes, $1; do i
southern. 6c per !b; Dried Peppers. nominal-
Green Peppers. 40g50c per box; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squashy $10@12 per ton for round
Poultry and Game.
Three cars of Western: Poultry were 're
ceived, making six in two days, but they were
not* placed on sale. The chicken market was
weak owing -to these heavy receipts, with re- !
tailers inclined to hold off and await develep-.
meats. Domestic stock .was in nnderate re-.
celpt and all handlers reported a <ju i. t market, {
with only fine large yorng Hens receiving anv <
attention. A local trade circular says that In i
view of the heavy "receipts of Western' no im- !
provement in prices of domestic 'stock can be !
expected \ during- the < current, week. Dressed '
Turkeys were ; nominal ,"at * 13®2Oc • per • pound '¦*
only a few cases being received- Live Turkeys
were well, clean«d . up and . ellghtly firmer i
| Wild Ducks continued : to arrive freely "and J
several descriptions * were ; lower. '• Other kinds '
Of Game were unchanged. . — . .
POULTRY — Dressed T.rkeys. 1S620C per lb •
for fresh ' stock ; Live Turkeys. 15©17c per lb- '
Ge«e.;per pair; $2©2 25; Goslings, $2 25©2 50 : '
Ducks. $5©6 per dozen for old and . $GSS for .
iroung; Hens. .$4 50®5 for. smalt and $5 50fi6 '
tor large; '5our.g Roosters, $563 50; old Roos
ter*. ¦¦ $4S4 50; Fryers. $4-ff4 30; Broilers. J2 50
g3 50;; Pigeons. $161 25; Squabs $2 25©*.' 50
-. <• xidK. — Mallard . Ducks, . $334 per dozen: ¦
Continued irregularity in Xezv York Stocks.
Cotton market takes a marked decline.
Silver and Sterling Excliange higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds selling well and ruling firm.
Marked decline in Wheat Futures under heavy liquidation.
Barley, Oats and Corn unchanged. Flour and Millsturf; quiet
Bran, Hay and Beans unchanged. Some Seedc lower*
Riz'cr Potatoes in heavy supply and zceak. Onions steady.
Poultry and Game in large receipt and weak.
Fruit market zirll supplied and quiet. I
Butter steady, Eggs zeeak and Cheese quiet.
Dried Fruit, Xuts and Raisins unchanged.
Provisions still dull everywhere.
Beef, Mutton aid Pork still firm.
JVool and Hides firm and in demand. Hops dull and ivcch. **»
Slight advance in Richmond Coal. Cordage Yit higher.
aOOO.St L&SF 6G 65 65 167
....... Do 1st pfd w ... 7C 78
Do 2d pfd e8H 6714 6Sii «S5>4
l.IOO.St L & S W ... 26*4 25»| 25^ 26
WOj Do pid. ........ 64?i 54 63*4 54
£S.700)Southern Pac ... 67»i W% 67% 67>4
jSouthern Pac pfd 1174 in»-i 117Hill7»4
54,200. Southern Rail ... S6U 35H 36H 3C-i
1.500} Do pfd »5% 05H WU 05%
(Standard Oil ¦ 635 640
• • Standard R Cz T ¦'. ' /m
?.7C0jTenn Coal & Iron 77% 7C 76 7t>V>
JTesas Pac LT Co 38 40 ~
2.<!00!TexoB Pacific 36*/- 33% 36?i ZZV
' IThirC Ave I 131 1S3 S
2C0Toledo RiTCo 23^ 23V- 23 24
T.fcOOiToledo St Z. Sc W 361J 32" 3Q% 35"
O.fcOOl Do pf<i 55H 52% 55 55?
200:iVIn City V. . 10CU 106% 103 107
S?:* 1 '^!^
TI.600; Union Peclflc ... 115% 11-J« 115% 115»4 ',
2C'J Do pfd 85 95 94^ 95?S* 1
....... U P Conv ?s 115 115^ 1
L'alted Copper 9% 10 I
"ICOiUnitec 3 of 3 7 19% "SV 19>4 18\~. !
:..2C0 Do pfd 35 3-Jip 84% 35 |
Doi's S6H 87 j
0.S0-3U S Ca^t I r>ipa. iC Z1 ¥J 18% :fl
T.EOO 1 Do pfd £0 77%! 79% SO
.". IU G Express 121 125 ¦
-.•*X3;U G Zyjathe.- li^i 14 J'-V. liV^ !
•..ICDi Dopfd C5Vt 85 90 05fe
JU S Cecity <T:Cnc 31 i
2.S03 U G Rubbe.- il 33 33 H Xiy-
I.«i0| Do pfd 92% 91% 91*i 92
291.100'u S Steel Cor ... 32% 31 >£ 32Ji 32«i 1
11-.2CD! Do pfd 94S4 !«% 94U »4M-
IV--CC;- Chem Co. -:l»£ 10 CC^ 11 1
Dopfd '116 115 113 IK t
1.500 Wabash 23^ I 23H W% 23'i
TODi Do pfd :6»- :6^5 -:6 46»i
I Do de'j 3-s .......: eSii C6H
1 Wells Farso Eu..! 240 246
COO Western Union ..I E3 E2V* 02ft 02»i :
.... It3 lSl^s 1S1 1S2
1 Do 1st pfd 1 19-1 198
2rc>iW a L E 201M 20H 2» 21
2C0j Do 1st pf<i -:7%i| 47%} 17 -IS
200! Do 2J pfti .... 29%( H0%\ 29 30
2.400' Wisconsin Cont.. 24 j 23«4] 23% t&
•00i Do pfd 4SH| -18 I 'JS\k i&K
j.-:92,700 — total "shares oold.
Xcnv York Bonds.
U S rcf 2s re-r.-lOi^i'L & K unified Is. 103
Do coupon. 10»mMan con sold 5s. 105
Do 3s res lC4U|Men Central Is... 77
Do coupon 1044i Do 1st inc 23 V;
Ho neu -Is res-130V,!iIinn a St L is.. 07
Do coupon 130%l!£ K Cz Te^ts 'Is. 10^14
Do oM £s ;«3.106i4! Do 2ds S6%
Do coupon. 10S>4 INR of IJtei: con -Is. Sl>4
/.tch -en -is 102*i!N 1 C sen 3^n..l0li«
Do cdj ic. 84?i '}? - C.^an 5a 1351^
Atlantic C L, .is. 83"/3l::or Pac "«s 1C5»£
Bait & Ohio i3..103>4< Do 33 75*
Do 3^c 96^'Kor G W con -ls.101
Central of Gc- Cs.lllV.IOSL. is & partlc.103%-:
Do 1st tnc 80 Pa conv 3H« 103
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.lO7 l ,MReadins Sen
Chi & Alton 3Hs. 82 S L & I M con 3s.ll5V6
C. B Zz Q new 46.100UI8 L t S ? (S S»U
CM iEPco 4s.llO%!St Louis ST7 lets. 97%
C & XW con 7s.l2Si4|Seabosr<J A Z. Cc. «-5
C R I & Pac Cs. 82Mi!So Pacific Ic 96£
Do col 5s 9-i^lSo Railvraj- 5s.... 120
C.C.C & SLsn SaKaiJlTea: C: ?ac Ists..l2l
Chi Term 4s . £4 Tol. St L. cr W £b. S3
Cons Tobacco £3. 83 Union Pcciflc - 4s.i0rt«/ ;
Colo C: So -is 8&% . Do conv 4a 115%
C P" & I con r»s. K7 fU S Steel 3d 5c.. M%
Den i Rio G 4s.l01 (Wabash lets 117U
Erie, prior lien 4s.l«l T -a' Do rteb B ft?%
Do gen 4a 91%'W & L 3r1e 4s... 03
F W A D C lsto.lll |Wls Centre! -^j... C3 !
Hock Val iW.s...IIl I
Nctv York ?.ihiinc Stoclis.
Adams Con 23!uttle Chief 05
Alice 60!Ontario 3 «5
Breeco 12 Oohir 3 20
Bruns Con 15!PhoenI:c 14
Com Tunnel OS'PotosI 16
Con Cal & Vc .. 1 701 Pavajre \ 30
Horn Silver 1 55'Sierra Nevada 4.1
Iron Silver 2 10 Small Hopes 26
Leadville Cob OSStandard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
5Ioney — (United Fruit 107>4
Call loans 33t'u 55 Steel 32W.
Time loans 4Q5 1 Do pfd WV
Bonds — I Westing Common. 91
Atehison is 102 j Mining-
Do adj 45 93V4' Adventure ... 6H
Mes Central 4*... 75 . jAilouez *... 17H
Railroads— |Amal Copper «0%
Atchfson R7vi!Amer Zinc 13
Dopfd ....... .10316; Atlantic 17JJ
Boston &• Albany. 233 iBinsham 37S
Boston A Maine.lfifl ICalumet A Hecla CSO
Boeton Elev 15-IH'Centennlal 28*;
ntchbnri? pfd 140 ICopper Range ... 7$,
Msx Central C2»4!Daly West' 13«
N T. N H A H..196 iDom Coal Cm
Pere Msrquette.. . 74 [Franklin IS
Union Pacific 115?siGrancy ; -8%
Miocellaneous — jisle Rovsle ...-.'.'. 2SU,
Amer Arge Chem. vf.u M n « F Mining S«
Dopfd S3>£iMicbigan 9«
Amer Pneu Tube. C iMohawk .... 5«v
Amer Pugar l'9*4(Mont Coal & Coke 4«
Do pfd 1OT |Old Dominion ... 25*i
Amer Tel & Tel.l4SvtiOsceo3a 95U
Amer Woolen ... 23*-i!Parrot ' jp> *
Do pfd 93 !Ou!ncy ....... !lis
Dem Iron & 8... lS*t Shannon * lOU
Ed Elect Ilium. .25V- (Tamarack "lSO
Hen Ei»-ctrlc IRSUITrlnitv ..'... \ 4 ii
Maes Electric 15U!T' S Oil . liv
Do pfd W> U-uh '.'.'." 4-M
j Mas? Gas fi2 (Victoria " 51;
Un Shoe Mach... 40^!Wlncn 8 ' n *
Do pfd 58 (Wolverine "no
London Clos-lng Stocks.
Cons for money.. SSUK* T Central 14«>
Do for acct STHiNor & '«-estern." 7SU
Anaconda 5*,j Do pf4 94
Atehison OOSIOnt & Western. 43W
Do rfd 106H'Pennsylvaoia 71
BaJt & Ohio 9S%iRand Mines .' . "11^
Can Pacific ..-Vl-^^'Reading " ?.q.v
Oies & Ohio M>i! Do 1« rM...\' 45
j Ch! Great We*t. 26 | Do 2d pfd. 41
j Chi. Mil & St P.17» [So Railway . " 37«4
De Beers n%'. Do pfd .... "ftSit
Rio G 33»i!So Pacific ' Sfl
Do pfd M^IUnUw Pacific ..'!."ll8U
Erie 42«4! Do pfd . 9714
Do l»t pM 75HIU S Steel ""' .r>»"'
,,,°2 M pfd -•• 59 I D ° P" '¦'¦ 96U
Til rentral 102 [Wabash »iu
Louis & Nash....l45t/.l Do pfd "" Jtu
M. K & Texas... 34§ifSranIsh 4% ..'.'.'" WiL
S 81 " Bllv lSr Stea(ly: 1>0 V4d per ounce.
Money— 25?3 per cent
short bills is 3 11-16 per cent and for throat
months' bills 3(^3% per cent.
Condition of tlip Treasur/T
WASHINGTON. Nov. SO.-To-day's stele
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the SlSO.OOO.nno^ pold ™
»«"¦« ta the division of redempUon sho^"
' WM40? . balance. J141.S22.449; gold. m.'.
] Xcw York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 29.-COTTON-Fut U res
opened easy. November." 9 10c- D«>c<.m>w.^
»-lJ*:.Jjna«y 9.2Tc: Febraary. 9.M^SS
i>.4jc; May, 9Z,c; June, 9.07c; July » 61c
S.S! U Secemb^ £&? jSXZ EsSgft
fepot cotton closed «juin. 20 Dolnts d«^iin»
I Middling uplands. ».50c; do G^ulf, 9 7%;
j 100 bales. , *
Xcw York Grain; and produce.
EW w YO ? K - Nov - 29 —FLOUR— Receipts
34. SOW barrels; experts. IKO barrels. Fale*'
WHEAT— Receiptj.. 79.100 bushels- Vales
f4.25t».<KK) bushels futures. Spot easier- Vo ' •>
red. *1 17% f. o. b. afloat; X\ 1 Northern
Dulutb. |1 1»>; f. o. b. afloat; No 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Except for
a brief early advance wheat was unsettled
and generally weak f-day. Report* of rain
In Argentina were »r:»sequently denied and
with big receipts and a heavs- increase In
worlds stock!, promoted active liquidation
after midday. The close wa.« weak at ?iSli'o
net decline. Sales included No. 2 • r*d ¦ Mav
$1 lOfcCil 11£, closed II 10H; July.
I %K. c& d ififi* : °—^ j « "MO
HIDES— Firm.
WOOLi — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady. ,
SUGAR— Raw. Arm; fair refining. 4*ic- cen- i
trifngal. »6 test. **ic; molasses sugar 4c- re-'
fined, firm.
COFFEE— Steady; No. 7 invoice, gu c ; mild i
flnr.. The market for futures closed 5«1O i
P°, ! " ts i°. wer - - J * m i*T y - 7 e^.ioc: March. T^Kfr
7.35c: 'May. 7.45S7.5Oc; July, 7.i!Ce- Sentem^
ber. 7.SO07.8.V. and October. 7 SK* " eptem -
BUTTER, CHEESE and-EGGS— Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market
showed very light demand and consequently
shows no Improvement, with the tone eary
owlne to free offerings '. of futures. Cbmmon
are 3»;eiVlc: prime. 4»ie4H c: chtrfce.^S I
fancy. 64?6^c. ,T V "' 7JV -' j
PRUNES— Are in moderate demand and •
hold about unchanged with quotations ran~in«r
from 23«c for California fruit. Oregon prunes
are quoted at &e6» 4 c for 60's to 30*8 inciu
sl%'e, ¦
APRICOTS— Remain unchanued. with choice
quoted at 9i,i«510e; extra choice. 10Viei0»4c :
I fancy, 11615c. ; " '
PEACHES — Very slow of movement. Choice
:»S*!ic: extra choice. 9«4C.10c: fancy7 lQgiil;
New York 3Ietal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 29.— The London tin mar
ket advanced still further, with spot closine at
£139 15s and futures at £138. Th^Xew Yo-k
market, while quiet, was flrm ¦ at quotations
ranging fryna $20 62»4§30 25. the tniide pric
being a little extreme. *" ' •
. :. Copper was lower in ' London. ! Spot ' there
closed at £67 and future* at £87 10s. Locally
quotations were unchanged. Lake, Is held at
$14 S7U@15 12^: electrolytic at $14 7581V and
casUng at $14 50614 75. r ... .-.-.-. ,
.Lead wae unchanged at $* 20S1 70 in thV
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Continued on Page TwelTC
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL; WEDNESDAY, 30, 1904.
Tlio Cotton Market.
The New Tork wires of E. F. Huttoa & Co.
yesterday said:
"The fresh . weakness which the cotton mar
ket developed to-day was a surprise to the
trade. It was apiarently due to the demor
alizing influence of predictions that th* final
pinners' rrport covercng the amount of cottoa
djsifed jn *12 counties, would approximate ten
.-:. twCes. against 7. 007.000 ginned In ttoe
ro.T.e coLr:>s •¦•a the Mia« date :a*=t year. It
:s IUJ evident that holder* of cottcn are
becoming demoralired by the extent of the
present depression, aad the selling movement
w.'.j have to run Its course before cay Im
portant buying movement can be expected, for
as long a* it continues the spinning interests
arid proepoctlve buyers will continue to refrain
from purchasing to any extent. We heve been
turprtsed at tie continued weakness of the
market a_- i have thought the spoi demand
would show up roach stronger and the bulls
develop more backbone than they have shown ,
lately. Br.i that boitol of cotton In the South
would cot be Intimidated fo toon."
Ttie Weather and Crops.
The weekly repcrt of A. G. McA&le, section
director of the climate and crop ¦errtce of
the Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
tram and clear weather prevailed most of
ttm we^k. with rod nights la the Interior and
fcfj la the coast districts. Light froets oc
curred la cone sections, but caused no dam
*F*. A^grmaily high temperature prevailed
.r. th» s6s& ttt the close of the week. Rain
CcU In the central and northern sections Sat
urday r.tjht, varying from 0.56 Inch at San
Francisco to over one Inch la the Sacramento
Valley. 1
The ground Is In excellent condition in the
or.iral ar.d northern sections and plowing
and seeding are progressing rapidly, but the
t- :: :s toe- dry for cultivation In nearly all
t-c-Jthem districts and very little farm work.
bat bees doce. As unusually large acreage of
frt.ir. Is be:ng roasted in the Sacramento Val
' ley and portions of the coast and bay dis
tricts. Early sown grain looks remarkably
»<:: and Is making- rapid growth. A large
acreage cf alfalfa will be planted in Saa |
Eer.'.'.o County. The drought is causing seri- I
ous oirrage to growing crops and pasturage
Jr. Eoutbero Califcrcia, Green feed continues
;:-:;rj! excej<t is the couth and cattle art
. wen.
r Targe pickirg and shipping are in pro
gress in the Port ervi lie and OrovtUe dlftrtcta
fcr.i regular fhlpnaents from the Anaheim dts-
Ut : »-;:; comsnence I>ecember 1. The oracg«
OCft is reported Jully average except in South
ern California and the fruit is of excellent
quality in all sections. Cloverdale ©ranges
are is good condition, bet mature later than
in ether sections, ttrau- berries are plentiful
l.i the isarketf. Olive picking if cearing cotn
;:.¦••. •..
SACRA2IENTO .VALLEY. — Cool. clear
veather i»revalJed at the beginning of the
*eek, with fog* Sn the mornings, and was
: .: wei by wanner, partly cloudy weather.
Ra!a fell Saturday night :n all sections. Light
: : tfa caused no <iamare. The soil is in ex-
DdlcaS condition aad piowsryr and seeding are |
pnemsbsc rapidly. The acreage in grain |
win probably be considerably larger than that |
oJ laet season. Early sown grain locks well
and !s MfctlH 1 tpeciid gromth. Green feed of I
excellent quality is abundant and stock is la !
icood condition. Olive pic-king is nearly com- !
fleted in ecrae eectfoas; the crop is large and i
Uw quality good. Orange harvest is pro- j
KTcaglBC tr.i fh'.prser.ts are being made f rcrn !
ra.mer.to. Strawberries are plentiful.
COAST AXD EAT fcECTIONS.— Warm, clear
weather prevailed "most ot the week, with •
coo! night; aad light froru in seme sections.
F"cg» »^re fr*-QU«u , in the coast districts.
Kfc-.r. '.tr'.\ Saturday Dlgbt in the central and
northern s~-ticr.f. The soil Is generally In
sood condition and r!o*'inE and seeding are I
rrcgreair-g. though there are places in the *
n.rth where' the soil Is too wet for cultlvu- !
tiou and «orae few localities in the south
where it has beccme too dry- Early sown
grslr. Is locking well and making good growth.
A large »TT»«*e »* being rrepared for alfalfa
in the vicinity of H&::i*ter. Green feed is
pjentifol except in portions of the south and
stock 1* Jr. good condition. Orchard work if
»ell usiJer way and spraying will commence
moo. CJovcrdmle oranges are In good condi
tJon. Olives a.nd walnuts are yielding fait
crops.
*AX JOAQXTIS VALLEY.— Clear weather.
wab werm 4ay s ar.d coot night*, prevailed
— rtursng the pa*t week, becoming cloudy Satur
day, with rain in the extreme northern portion
of the val'.ey Saturday night. 'Farming opera
tions are about at a standstill on account ot
lack cf rain. Thty rain Saturday night will
be very beneficial to the grass and grain, but
was not sufficient to make good plowing.
« >!tve piefcirjr u progressing. Green feed is
plentiful tad stock of all kinds Is healthy |
ar,d- in good condition. Orange picking is
progressing rapid!?- and a good crop wtll be
marketed Irrigation water is plentiful. Light
frosts were reported from some sections, but
cjuwfl an Camsee.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Warm, deal
whether continued during the week, with ab- i
normally high temperature at the close. Ex- !
cept in places where Irrigation water is plea- j
tlful the drought ie causing serious damage ,
to growing crcps ard conditions are very un
favorable for stock. The «ori is too dry for i
rvMlvatira and but liule farm work has been
rtrre. The outlook for grain and hay ia very
poor. Orange* are coloring and picking Is
in prcgreM. Regular shipment* from Anaheim
will commence December 1. In most places
the oranges are of good quality, but the yield
if beiow average. Olive harvest continues.
Los Angeies Summary- — Continoed dry
warmer weather. Farmers are doing all they
car to keep up farm work. Rain is needed for
«rra*ir.g lands and grain. Citrus trees are be
gi^Ring to feel effects of Ions; dry spell.
Orange shipping getting brisk.
Eureka Summary.— Early sowtj oats and
grass were never Sn better condition. Abun
dant feed for winter use. Some plowing asd
F**-Cinjr «-icept en bottom lands, where soil is
100
EASTERN MARKETS.
Np\\ York Money Market,
NEW TOIIK. Xov. 23—Prime mercantile
paper. 46«», r*r cc-ct-
Fterlinj- exchange was firm, closing steadv.
with actual business in bankers' bills at*
4.»CS0 for sixty-day bills.
Pc«ed rates. $4 MU, and |4 S7U
r«ramerclal bj!!s. fV^rju.
Har sJlver. .'•'.••»'
Mexican dollars. 471^0.
U;<nd»-j-Go%-erna>ent. steady; railroads. Ir
regular.
Money en call was firm. 2^0314 ner cent
ciotin* Wd and offered. 3 per cent.
Ttae loans were Crra; «0 days. 4 per cent*
90 days and b'.x roortth*. <';i:, per cect.
New York Stot-k LJst.
Xetr York Stock Market.
SEW YORK. Nov. 23 —6peculaUve interew
w£, w'li icalntained In to-day, stock market
end ar-other large day s butineas was tran*
acted. There were potcts of aggressive strenrth
in the market and these included eome cf the
irflueEtlal raUroad etock». Bat the greater part
?* xi ?L$? y'* *a*ances were among stockiof
less credit, and sharp reactions were «uffer»d
hy recent lnfluentUl leaders of the advance i
Tt\» was notably true of the great Southern
trank line storks and Colorado Fuel which
made such brilliant advances yesterday and
also of United States Steel t>referre«.' The
beavin*** cf tils nock 1» always as important
sympathetic Influence en the whole market
«sd it was iesa effectively offset by the
etrenirth of the common stock to-day The
Utter stock «id s4u>w good resistance' bow
ever, in tfce reactionary periods of the mar
ket. At cae time during the day the re«c_
ticn tra* fa'riy comprwhensive and prices were
well beJow j-ertprday 1 * closlcs level. For the
ntost part the movement vu eonsuatly Irreg
tiler. fharr advance* and dull aaggiriir move
ments occurring at tb* cam* time. The put
tlac out of chert lines on the geaeral rrac-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
AT7CTZO9T SAXJE.
5O-HORSES-5O
First consignment of pure-bred Percneron
Colts. Fillies and Work Stock. •aJsoFrench .
Coach Colts, from the- KLAMATH COCNTT
LIVESTOCK COMPACT. Oregon. _ ;
This lot consists lanrely of Colts and FU-
lies. from 2 to 5 years old. weighing frori 1400
to 1600 rounds. Several thoroughly * broken,
pure- bred mares of perfect dlsacstilon and
splendid conformation, as well as work horses
ranging up to 1C0O pounds, being- In this •*»«»- '
ment. Also 'alx-year-old. thoronghly reinea
and raited Saddle Horse. He U handsome.
g?ntl« and sound.
This Is a splendid loc of rood, he&vy-boaea.
gentle-raised stock, not excelled by any on the
Coast. Inspection of which U «pee>alry ravited.
Sale takea place
TUISDAT HVUB1XQ; D •camber 6. 19O4.
At 7:45 O'clock Sharo at Salesyard.
1732 MARKET ST.. NEAR VAN NESS AVE..
tan Francisco.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses at yard Sunday. Dec 4. SEND FOR-
CATALOGUE. No outiide horses will be of-
fered. -
1& jc* fe
AUCTION BALE— WEDNESDAY Nor. *V
at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSB MARKET. 327
SIXTH ST.. SO head of good horses and mar**;
all rood workers. JOHN J. DOYLE-An enjoyable concert was given last
night at the Fourth Congregational
Church. ."The programme contained
some excellent numbers that received
?i>plause from the audience. The'Oc
cidental male quartet- in several se
lections caught the house with their
songs. Mis3 True Aiken sang two con
tralto solos, which were appreciated.
Rita-; Griffiths . and . Elsie j Hahn. 1 . two
children, ¦ played a duet , in a pleasing
manner..
Excellent Entertainment .Given.
Much more did the lady say ere the
Judge, after vainly trying to stem the
verbal torrent, requested Clerk "Bar
nfcy" Conlan to attempt Its suppression.
Mr. Conlan, whose proficiency ih the
quelling of feminine disorder in court
"Any of the neighbors can tell you,'?
said the complainant to the court,
"that I'm a woman of few words, but
will not stand to be put upon,, and no
tongue could tell tHe way I've been put
upon by that Mrs. Burns, for when it's
not her it'3 her children, and goodness
knows I can make allowance for young
ones, but when it comes to drinking
and making rough house their mother
takes the cake, as any of the neighbors
can tell you."
tween keeping them in order and men
tally noting points of Mrs. Moore's
speech her attention was fully taxed.
She was accused of having drunk to
intoxication and orally abused Mrs.
Moore.'
TO APPOINT POLICE CORPORAL.— The
Civil Service CotnrolsBion yesterday certified the
name of Thomas A. Atchlson from the eligible
list to the Police Commission for appointment
as a corporal of police.
Those who seek relief from pain and weak*
ness should use Parker's Ginger Tonic
Parker's Hair Balsam never fails to please. *
Secure healthful nutrition by using
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. "• .
TO STOP CARPET DUSTINO. — Deputy
Health Ofdcer Levy yesterday sent a request
to Chief of Police Wlttman to direct his men
to enforce the or.51na.rcee which prohibits the
beating or dusting of carpets on the public
etreets. It being the opinion that germs of dis
eases are transmitted through the dust parti
cles.
MOTION FOR KEW TRIAL. DEXIED. —
Judge Cock yesterday denied the notion Xor a
tkw trial In the case of the Wee Ong Tong,
~.'he*e Injunction restraining: the police from
Interfering with or entering certain gambling
and lottery places in Chinatown was dissolved
recently. Attorney George D. Collins entered
an exception and the matter will now be fought
cut In the Supreme Court.
Dnmett'a Extract of Vanilla pre
pared Irom selected Vanilla Beans. ."' •..-
Tho Prettiest Yet
Are the shapes and finish of our new
frames. Exquisite designs in oval,
square and odd shapes, finished in dead
black, grays and browns, with the dain
tiest gold top ornaments; also many
beautiful patterns in gold, gilt lacquers
and gold bronzes. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
ASKS FOR BEQUEST.— Ann Feeney WrUht
one of the heiresses of the estate of Joseph
P. Hale, yesterday petitioned the court for
the distribution to her of 10O a__rea In thl
Hale ranch subdivision In Santa Clara County
She states that the admlnlstratrU has mori
than $123,000 on hand and the estate Is not
indebted.
has made him the envied of all the bai
liffs, approached with that easy con-"
fldence acquired by unbroken success
the task of silencing Mrs. Moore, "nor*
did he weaken in the least when she
utterly ignored his peremptory, VHush,
hush!" He sprang from his
chair, placed himself between the wo
man and tho tench and with reproving
eye-glare and uplifted hand was about
to say something more when she^swept
him aside and continued her harangue
with enhanced vehemence.. Ere the as
tounded clerk could recover his physi
cal a»d mental equilibrium the Judge
arose^n his majesty and vocally out
thundered the tones of his fair perse
cutor. And when he rested his voice
it was generally understood that the
case was dismissed. ¦
It is proposed to build a handsome
clubhouse for the automobillsts at the
end of the automobile course and to
provide club, cuarters for the* owners
of racing stables. The Hawes tract is
located Just west of what is commonly
known as Five Points, and it is planned
to connect the latter by rail with the
main line of the Southern Pacific Com
pany for thepurposeof facilitating the
transportation of stock and other ma
terial. The company's engineers have
been looking over the ground and have
reported favorably on the plan. "Under
the direction of Engineer Marsden
Manson men have also been engaged in
selecting a suitable site for a big reser
voir, for which a supply of water will
be drawn from neighboring springs
and wells which will be sunk on the
ground.
The entire project will be governed by
a company incorporated on the same
plan as that which governed the laying
out of South Park in this city, each
landholder having an interest in the
racecourse and the other speedways
and. enjoying equal privileges In the
fishing preserves and on the lake.
. Ashe admitted yesterday that the
plans for the track are already under
way and include, besides the racetrack
and the two-mile course, a two-mile
track for the use of automobillsts, a
lake for swimming, boating and fishing,
and the construction of cottages for the
use 'of those who desire to make their
homes there during the summer months
or to spend Saturdays and Sundays
there while enjoying the sport that is
expected to be provided. It was also
learned that a proposition has been
submitted to the management of the
Palace Hotel to erect a resort on the
tract convenient to the racing courses
and the lake, where guests of the local
hostelry may visit during their stay In
San Francisco. .
. Plans are taking shape for the con
struction of a mile racetrack with a
two-mile straightaway adjunct course
at Redwood City. It became known
yesterday that the recent bonding of
the Horace Hawes tract of land, con
sisting of 460 acres, by Will L. Ashe in
Redwood City Is the preliminary step
toward creating a training place for the
horses of wealthy men, where the own
ers, of fancy stock can build their own
stables adjacent to the track, in which
they will have a joint Interest.
The location of the Hawes tract is
said to be one of the most desirable for
the purposes for which it is to be used,
and it is purposed to go ahead with
the elaborate plans a3 fast as the sur
veys, which are now being made, are
finished and the necessary grading and
piping of water can be undertaken.
Plans Under Way for Con
verting the Hawes Tract
Into a Sportsmen's Park
The California State Board of Trade
has received from the California com
missioners to the St. Louis Exposition
a request to immediately collect for
the exhibition at the Lewis and Clark
Exposition to be held next year in
Portland. Or., as complete and rep
resentative an asortment of California
apples as can be found and to put
the same in cold storage. In response
the board hap sent communications to
each and even,- large apple growing
county in the State, addressing grow
ers and local organizations that are in
a position to help to advertise the re
cources of California in this way.
Several letters were received yester
day in which favorable answers were
contained. While the season has
been bad for apples in some sections
the general outlook is good for a
showing at Portland in 1905. Sec
retary Fletcher says that the board
¦will do all that is possible to assist the
commissioners, the importance of the
move being fully appreciated.
State Commissioners at St. Louis
Move to Have Fruit Represented
at Show in Portland.
Postmaster Fisk reported yesterday
that so far as the examination had
developed the accounts of Grant W.
Gagan, clerk at Station C, who killed
himself in Golden Gate Park last Mon
day, were short by $24. .' ¦:- . ¦'¦*¦
The expression in a letter left by
the suicide that he "had not taken
any stamps lately" Mr. Fisk interprets
to mean that he had not taken stock
on account of his stamps, not that he
had stolen them. There is morl than
FUfflcient due on Gagan's salary to
make up the shortage.
A. M. Cox, superintendent of city
delivery, said yesterday that Gagan
had become insane through excessive
worry over his business affairs. He
worked very hard at night learning
to x make candy 'with the object of
branching out in that business. He
had gone so far, Mr. Cox said, as to
rent a store and purchase fixtures.
Overwork and the strain no doubt
unsettled his reason.
Post/office Clerk's Accounts Short, bat
He Was Overworked and Brooded
Overmuch Upon His Business.
STRAIX TOO GREAT FOR
GAGAX TO EXDURE
BOARD GATHERS APPLES
FOR LEWIS AXD CLARK FAIR
There was rejoicing In the Custom
house yesterday over the publication
or a telegram announcing that Presi
dent Roosevelt had brought about a
change in the civil service rules, bring.
Ing all deputy collectors of customs
under the civil service. Special
Deputy Collector William B. Hamilton
was especially congratulated on Uie
fact that he is in for life at a salary
o. $4000 per annum. While the tele
gram was not very explicit as to the
scope of the order, Mr. Hamilton said
that it was the opinion of Senator
Perkins that ' all deputies who had
been excepted were now covered with
the civil service mantle, including
Deputy Naval Officer Maslin, Deputy
Surveyor of Customs Chauncey M. St
John and Cashier Perkins. Deputy
Collector Andrew Hollywood at Oak
land Is alsro one of the fortunate ones
his salary is $1600 per annum.
Extends CItU Service Mantle Over
Deputies Hamilton. Maslin. St.
John, Perkins and Hollywood.
REDWOOD WILL
HAVE SPEEDWAY
An interesting athletic carnival was
held at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation last night. The gymnasium
was filled with interested spectators.
The fencing bouts seemed to excite
the greatest interest. .Several of the
members of the women's class donned
glove and mask and proved them
selves the equal of the men with the
foils. There were four lively games
of basket ball, races and other con
tests. The proceeds of the carnivaJ
will be applied to repairing and re
furnishing the Y. M. C. A. gymnasium
Hold .Athletic Carnival.
VWell," said the court, after a sharp
scrutiny of the despondent 1 fellow's
face, "I won't , accepts your' plea.' until
next Friday, and ; in \ the '. meantime At
torney Taft is , ' appointed -4 to • protect
whatever rights you may have." k.~ ;
Miss Hyde was ; in; court* and appar
ently harbored ", as '.- much - dejection- of
"But do you realize that you can be
sent to the penitentiary for perjury?"
the Judge inquired.
"I don't care what the penalty is," so
as I avoid notoriety. My folks , In . the
East are respectable . people, and I
don't want to have them hurt by what
I have done."
Lawrence O. D. Alexander,' the car
man who procured a wedding license
coupling his name with, that of Miss
Edythe Hyde while he had. a. wife liv
ing, was dejection personified as he
stood before Judge Mogan and was ar
raigned on, . the perjury ¦' charge sworn
to by the young woman : he deceived.
Asked if he had a legal representa
tive his reply was a moody headshake.
"I 'don't want an attorney, -.and . I
hav» no defense to offer," he muttered.
"I'll plead guilty and get through with
It."' - •--¦.¦. .:. ' -
"Be so much the {better off. you
should say," was Judge Fritz's inter
ruption. "However, : Emma, I . have no
desire tc establish a precedent, and a
month it is."
"I never spent a Christmas In Jail,"
wailed Eroma Do'uchler,- chronic vag
rant, "and If you give me mor'n a
month I'll — " •"'
. .
Antonio Franca, a corpulent Sicilian,
battered his brother Jose because the
latter would not engage him to wash
dibhep at a salary of $1000 a month,
and then he smashed a window in
Jose's restaurant at 13 Jackson street.
Judge Conlan will sentence Antonio
for disturbing the peace and malicious
mischief '
dale. ~ - ¦. _ _
"Cloverdale's loss will be San Fran
cisco's gain," was the court's response.
The Dersons attended a social party
last Sunday night, and Monday morn
ing was considerably advanced when
they staf ted to walk to their cottage, 27
LaBkle street. The lady had indulged
so freely in dancing that, she was fa
tigued, but her suggestion that an
apartment downtown be engaged was
sidestepped by the gentleman, until she
declared it was absolutely impossible
for her to proceed farther afoot. Then
he grumblingly escorted her to 1231
Market street, a lodging-house, and as
they stood at the head of the stairway
awaiting response to their bell-ringing
he complained of the unnecessary ex
pense to which he was being imt by
her whim. Thus he nagged. until she
picked up a broomstick from a corner
and smote him on the head with it.
When he attempted to grasp the weap
on she eluded him and brought it down
so smartly on his cranium as to knock
him downstairs. The sounds of alterna
tion brought the folk whom the bell
clanging failed to awaken, and both Mr.
and Mrs. Derson were taken to prison.
He was booked for disturbing the peace
and against her was entered the more
serious charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. He furnished $10 bail, but she
remained in durance until she was con
veyed to Police Judge Mogan's pres
ence yesterday morning.
"It's a good thing for you that the
broomstick instead of your husband's
skull was fractured," said his Honor to
the woman, and then he requested the
man to cease blubbering, transform his
bail money into two $5 fines and lead
his wife forth to freedom. Mr. Derson
obeyed with alacrity. After embracing
and kissing Mrs. Derson, who passively
submitted to the endearment, he in
formed the court that it was his pur
pose to transfer his residence to Clover-
produced in evidence she neglected to
wilt, thereby winning Bailiff Hickey's
undisguised admiration and semi-audi
ble opinion that she was "the best man
of the two."
PRESIDENT ROOSEVEX/T
PLEASES OFFICIALS
"The process," continued the Judge,
"should have been issued in the name
of the people and the clerk applied to
for attaching the seal of the court to
the citation. I am satisfied that the
parties are not lawfully brought Into
court, and the motion is granted and
it is ordered that a new citation con
formable to the views of the court be
issued forthwith."
District Attorney Byington took ex
ception to the court's ruling, but the
Judge said he could not entertain it,
as there was no appeal. The court
was without jurisdiction till the cita
tion was issued In the name of the
people under the seal of the co.urt.
Tho new citation will probably be is
sued by the District Attorney to-day.
...
In a decision that occupied two
hours in delivery Judge Lawlor yester
day granted the motion Interposed by
Attorney Cator on behalf of the Elec
tion Commissioners. The motion was to
stop the proceedings against the Com
missioners on the accusation of the
Grand Jury charging them with mis
feasance in office. The ground was the
irregularity in the process of citation,'
which should have been in the name
of the people. The Judge ordered that
a new citation be issued forthwith in
the name of the people, bearing the
seal of the court. The decision on the
motion does not have any reference
to the accusation itself, so that the
advantage gained by the defendants is
only a momentary one.
The District Attorney, in serving the
notice on the defendants, followed the
rule and procedure laid down in sec
tion 760 of the Penal Code, which was
adopted in the case of Burlelgh, re
cently decided by the Supreme Court.
The main point at issue was whether
the prosecution was criminal or civil.
It was argued for the defendants that
it was a criminal presecut'on, but the
District Attorney arguc«.<_r t it was
in the nature of a special ~r civil pro
ceeding.
The Judge held that deprivation of
office must be regarded as. a penalty.
There must be two parties to an ac
tion, and in this case the people wer*
the plaintiffs and the Election Board
the defendants. The proceeding must
be regarded as criminal or quasi-crim
inal, and must therefore be in the
name of the people. A mere notice to
the* defendants by the District Attor
ney without the seal of the court and
not in the name of the .people would
be a violation of the constitution. It
was a broad principle of law that the
people ~ must be there on the mandate
of the court. The defendants had no
right of appeal, and there were good
grounds for assuming that the pur
pose of the Legislature was to adopt
this summary method of ousting public
officials who had been derelict in their
duties.
Mrs. Margaret Moore, who had Mrs.
Jane Doe Burns arrested for disturbing
the peace of, their joint residence on
the 800 block of Folsom street, talked
so volubly and with such asperity that
Judg'i Cabaniss apparently opined
there could not be perfect peace in her
vicinage, for he dismissed the case and
chided her.
Mis. Burns is mother of five, twins
in arms and three toddling. The chil
dren accompanied her to court, and be
. • « •
George Lenszwert, a bartender for
W. Augenbllck at 1860 Polk street, was
fined $30 for selling liquor without li
cense. • and Judge Cabaniss said he
would have made the fine $100 if Augen
blick himself had been convicted.
Whereupon Augenblick said he was
ready and willing to procure a license
to sell liquors, but the Police Commis
sion would not let him have it and he
would like to know the reason why.
To which the Judge retorted that the
proper authority from whom to seek
the desired enlightenment was the Po
lice Commission itself. Then It devel
oped that Mr. Augenbllck *had a license
until the commissioners declined to re
new it.
James Hayes, a burly fellow who vi
ciously beat Andrew Johnson, a crip
ple, was given four months by Judge
Cabaniss.
• * •
"I'm going to leave town to-night,"
said James Maguire to Patrolman
Reed (in plain clothes) "and before I
go some guy's head is going to be
knocked and I'll have money."
The confidence was imparted at
Fourth and; Market streets where
James accosted the plain clc-thes man
for alms. He was arrested, of course,
and to Judge Mogan he stated that he
recently came from Fair River, Mass.,
where he was a weaver of cotton, and
desired to return there. The police,
however, are pretty certain that he
neither weaves nor spins, but is one of
the many professional vagabonds who
have decided to winter here, and when
he is sentenced for. vagrancy to-day the
maximum - penalty — which is six
months' imprisonment— is likely to be
his. ;.i>?
• » •
After stealing $120 from Joe Snldnek
as he slept In his room at 512 Fourth
street Innocent! Zennani hied him to a
barber and had his flowing locks and
thick mustache removed and then he
started out to separate himself from his
plunder via the whisky route, when a
detective caught him. When he was
identified by Joe Innocent! ¦ confessed
the theft and offered to return all the
money he had not spent, but the mag
nanimity of the proposal failed to save
him from being booked on the charge
of grand larceny, nor did it dissuade
Judge Conlan from sending him to the
Superior Court for trial.
« * •
spirit as did the man she was ready to
prosecute.
Louis Derson wept as he told of how
his head had been battered with a
broomstick In the hands of his better
half, Margaret, but he protested" that
the tear ducts were not operated by
physical pain. What were his 'cranial
Injuries, he asked, in comparison with
the laceration of soul caused by the re
flection that she who had assailed him
might be imprisoned for committing
assault with a deadly weapon?
"If my poor, dear wife is taken from
me," he sobbed, "the blow will kill both
of us."
Mrs. Derson seemed to be less ap
palled than her spouse by the prospect
of their ¦ severance. She furtively
watched the effect of his lachrymal
display on the court, and her glances
betrayed neither penitence nor fear.
Even when the broken broomstick was
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Orders That New Citation
Issue Forthwith Conform
able to Views , Expressed
PKOSECUTION CRIMINAL
Social Affair That Has Unhappy Finish in the
Small Hours of Morning.
Deyson Willing to Forgive
Judge Lawlor Decides Pro
cess Sliouldv Have Been in
the Name of the People
INJURED FEELINGS, NOT SORE
HEAD, CAUSES HIM PAIN.
ELECTION BOARD
GAINS RESPITE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1904.
14
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
ADV1_RT1SE____VTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^Ifr 's'/JFA * * ,/* -'"*
Por Infants and Children.
G ASTORIA
Sunday at Byron.
Best Sunday outing. Ticket good Fri-
day afternoon to Sunday afternoon, or
Saturday morning to* Monday rnr>rning,
$7.50, Includes :¦ railroad > fare, transfer
station to hotel. 2 days' , accommodation
at Byron Springs Hotel, use of mineral
baths and waters. Tickets at Ferry
Depot. • •
One grain of the active principle in
Stuart's Dyspesla Tablets will digest
3000 grains of meat, eggs or other
wholesome food, and this claim has
been proven by actual . experiment
which anyone can perform for himself
in i the** following - manner: Cut hard-
boiled eggs into very small pieces, as
it would be if masticated, place " the
egg and two or three of the tablets In
a bottle or jar containing warm water,
heated to 08 degrees (the temperature
of the body), and keep it at this tem-
perature f of three, and one-half hours,
at the end of which time, the egg will
be as completely digested as It would
have been in the healthy stomach of
a hungiy boy.
The point of this experiment is that
what Stuart's Dyspesia Tablets will do
to the • ege" in the bottle it wiil do to
the egg ' or ¦ meat ' in the stomach, ¦ and
nothing else will rest and invigorate
the stomach so safely and effectually.
Even a little child can take Stuart's
Tablets with safety, and benefit if its
digestion is weak and the thousands of
cures accomplished by their regular
daily use are easily explained when it
is understood that they are composed
of vegetable essences, aseptic pepsin,
diastase and Golden Seal, which
mingles, with the food and digest it
thoroughly, giving the, overwArked
stomach a chance to recuperate.
Dieting never cures dyspepsia, neith-
er do pills and cathartic medicines,
which', simply irritate and Inflame the
intestines. KSfiSPS
When enough food Is ; eaten» and
promptly digested there win be no con-
stipatlon^ncr in fact will there be] dis-
ease of '<¦ any kind, ? because good I diges-
tion means good health in every organ.
The ; merit and success . of Stuart's
Dyspep3ia":Tablets are v/orld-wide .' and
they are , sold '-, at \ the moderate price of
60 cents for full-sized package in every
drug? store"; in ..the,' United ' States and
Canada. 'as well ; as In" Europe. >:\ • ;-
You Can Try It for Yourself and
Prove It.
INTERESTING, IF TRUE.
JOE ROS^TBERG'S.
33^: • SPEAK %
/« \ FOR
/ «s?f ITSELF v
L flfcir IF'nfcOMES FROM
\ I mm THjf PRICE CUTTER,
\^JjjP^0U KNOW ITS GOOD.
jl Money-Saving '
I I I W ? f IV WHit
I! ! I Never make a purchase until they
I; • i first, come to us. There must be
M some good reason I
«V WHY 1
' •••• vv n jl •••• II
Here are some Cold Weather Comforts, and they area 1
comfort* to the small-pursed woman: |
LADIES* SLEEPING GOWNS — Made of sanitary steam shrunk |
flannel; square yoke, double back, shirt waist cuffs, rolling collar, S
Bcalloped, silk embroidered, in Pink, Blue Gray, Fancy Cf)-, g
Striped JU <" B
LADIES' NIGHT ROBE — Made of the celebrated Norfolk flannel; H
Trilby yoke, of solid color, with six tailor stitched cords; neck U
and sleeves finished with a neat ruffle of solid color; scalloped R
and buttonhole stitched in silk, in fancy designs of Pink, H^p i
Blue, Gray; generously made, but small in price f -JV/ y
LADIES' SHORT PETTICOATS— Made of Cinderella flannelette; 1
finished deep flounce in Pink and Blue Stripes; you can- -I ~7_ ||
i not buy the material for the price we ask 1 • C gj
LADIES' HOSE — The good, warm kind; made of English cashmere; B
stainless black; sanitary dye; full finished; double made in heel B
and toes; elastic and soft on the feet; no chilblains or cold B
feet when you wear these. Price £ -* V* m
LADIES' VESTS — Made of Peruvian yarn; fleece-lined; high neck g
and long sleeves; Jersey knit, in Gray or Ecru. Pants to match |j
made of the same quality as above; ankle length; French TCp gj
band. Price £-Jw H
LADIES' SHAWLS — Made of Saxony wool; 32x32 inches 'square; 1
good, heavy kind; in fancy crochet patterns, in Pink, C() n g
Blue, Black, White; great deal of comfort for a little O V/L, H
LADIES' DRESSING JACKET — Something comfortable and cozy g
and trim to slip on in the morning or evening; made of Swiss y
wool Eiderdown, deep sailor collar, buttoned with frog fasteners, fl
(Ideal garment for this season of the year.) In Pink, <P1 (\f\ p
Blue, Red, Gray. Price ...: '4H.W g
LADIES' PETTICOAT — No fear of your laundry bill when you. B
wear these. An ideal Skirt for winter wear. Made of Fast v
Black Mercerized Sateen; Silk in look, longer in wear and a great '
j deal less in price; trimmed with a deep accordion-pleated flounce •
and finished with a small ruffle; braid trimmed shaped tf*1 f\f\ \
top to fit snugly over hips. Price _Jjl»Uv
_____________________________
ICW ROSENBERG
I &?\J'i&& YOUR STORE=zz-L— |
j 816 Market Street, Running Through to 11 O'Farrell St. 1
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT <Sb CO,
For this season's holiday trade we are
displaying the largest stock and the
most complete assortment of Men's,
Women's and Children's Handkerchiefs
we have ever shown. Our prices are
always the lowest.
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND EMBROIDERED Lawn Hand-
kerchiefs 1Oc Each
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND EMBROIDERED Sheer Linen
; Handkerchiefs 15c Each
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND HAND EMBROIDERED Sham-
rock and Arabian Lawn and Sheer Linen Handkerchiefs
/ -oc Each
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND HAND EMBROIDERED Sham-
rock and Arabian Lawn and Sheer Linen Handkerchiefs...
.50c, 75c, 91.OO to 95.OO Each
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND INITIALED Linen Cambric
Handkerchiefs — In fancy boxes of half a dozen, at
• .91.00 and 91*50 Box
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND INITIALED sheer Linen Hand-
kerchiefs — In fancy boxes of half a dozen, at 9 2 «25 Box
LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND INITIALED Shamrock Lawn
Handkerchiefs — In fancy boxes of half a dozen, at
91.5O and 93-OO Box
MEN'S HEMSTITCHED AND INITIALED Linen Cambric Hand-
kerchiefs — In fancy boxes of half a dozen, at
91.5O, 92.40 and 93.00 Box
CHILDREN'S PLAIN WHITE and Colored Bordered Initialed
Handkerchiefs — Fancy boxes of one-quarter dozen, at. .25c Box
LADIES' PLAIN HEMSTITCHED Linen Cambric Handkerchiefs,
V&, Va, z A in. hems
91.20, 91.50, 92.25, 93.00, 94.OO Per Dozen
LADIES' PLAIN HEMSTITCHED Sheer Linen Handkerchiefs,
Vb, J4,^_in.hems.91-75,92.25, 93.OO, 96.OO, 9*>-OO Dozen
Ladies' Fancy Lace Trimmed Handkerchiefs, in an immense variety
of styles, at
.;... v 25c, 50c, 75c, 91.OO, 91.25, 91.5O to 93.OO Each
Real Princess and Duchess Lace Handkerchiefs, from
.....:.: 91.OO to 925.00 Each
MEN'S PLAIN HEMSTITCHED Linen Cambric Handkerchiefs,
54, r A, 1 in. hems
91.75,92.40,93.00,94.00, 94.5O, 96.OO, 9O.OO Per Dozen
MEN'S PLAIN HEMSTITCHED Sheer Linen Handkerchiefs
.^ 94.75 and 97.0O Per Dozen
MEN'S HEMSTITCHED Japanese Silk Handkerchiefs
25c, 35c, 4Oc, 5Oc, C5c, 75c, 91.OO Each
MEN'S HEMSTITCHED Japanese Silk Initialed Handkerchiefs. . . N
; :¦;-:•. .." : 4Oc, 5Oc, 75c, 91.OO Each
MEN'S BLACK SILK Hemstitched Mufflers
.....91.OO, 91.25, 91.50, 92.OO, 92.5O Each
MEN'S NOVELTY SILK Mufflers, in shades of Navy, Brown
Gray, Cream and Black 92.25, 92.75, 93.75 Each
See Window Display
111 to 121 Post Street < ™**2l___y
AJOYESVT1SEMESTS.
Ware j
In Sterling Sliver
Massive pieces, built
on simple lines* for
men; daintier but sub-
stantial designs for
women. : : : :
EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS
PRICES JUST
Bohm-Bristol Co. 1
Jewelers and '
Silversmiths V^
fl 104-110 Geary Street. \\
¦b~b^b~~b~~b_~Mb~_~b~_~~b__________________B_^B^B_________B_||HibPHB~~b1
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. If you try
any other way it will get the best of
you. If you can't let It alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting the
system in its natural condition, where
liquor is not needed to htlp the machin-
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in three
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
Is absolutely safe and cannot harm the
most delicate constitution. Why .waste
time and money in drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit in three days with no char.ee of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
; Think it over and call or write Dr. Mc-
' Kanna for full Information. Address 1-1
; Geary street, San Francisco, Cal. Phono
1037 -Iain. .
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASOti
Sliver-Mounted Bows, finest Strings
/A Aif iir'ii'Tcnc'
.usp%) iilL JIeAieKj
ImT_JJJ1F r0R THESE C °LD DAMP DAYS.
flfimp];^! I For genuine comfort at a nominal
t..' _i- : /''''i*_. expense Oil Heaters are the best.
IS; i j % They are economical, clean and odor-
&. J less; no more trouble to take care of ,
than an >' ord inary lamp. Burns from
£••&?» io to 12 hours without refilling, heat-
in ** a TOOm * rom J 5 to 20 feet square.
W^MfL Prirp<,<t__l 9*1 /^^^
f^4x^^> il Ilwa ip *_¦•__. Q # //i^«B$fc_\
j^^^a^ J Also the Model „ „ vP"- M
/giiS$§S% ) Oil Heater for $3.50 >FIWK W
Jf/Sr '¦ ' __j _._ _ . — _ — __'"'.' '
ffath^*Dofini_2UA^ . :
' — - .¦ ¦ ¦ •
¦= j^ -•- -j-,'_,^_i---^^> r -- n _- J^-,- n _ r ---- :n _ ru -_ ¦_:¦-¦.!