The Sunday Call
American Federation
of Labor EditionSamuel Gompers, President American Federation of Labor. Clsrarmakers* Union.
'tm
By S.^W. Wall. 4
Washington correspondent of The Call.
i ( <*f N amodest brick building crn ,G
,1 street; this city (Washington),
... \ - on, the square facing the;, big
pension ofllce. is > the ] executive :' de-:
partment V . of this . all. j enveloping
order.. There sits' Samuel' .Gom
pers. its , president and .Head, the
man who twenty-two ; years ago was
chosen from the . cigar-makers" union
to direct their new order ; to; the,ful
fillment of. the, great" purpose „ toward
which:, it. is just «ow/ fairly . rising.
That % that early convention in- so imf
portaht a matter, as choosing an exec-;
utive was very wise has _ been . con
firmed year by, year through the de
vious history of. the order. . It ,has
not been the history of a, triumphal
march. '¦"-.'., v . ~
Mr.^Gompers, himself Is an old^story.
His force;. his clear vision, his energy,
his' conservatism, his power as" a plat
form talker, his logic, his resourcefUl
ness—rthat power that is knowledge-^
his general' effectiveness with! men |of
big .affairs in business and statesman
ship, all being ' employed ' oriej way" or
another, these many years have' made
him ;a familiar ; figure. \
',-¦- In -telling ,the story 'of . the growth .of
the American. Federation of. Labor i In
an 'interview . Mr. Gompers , took occa
sion first to point out what \ he believes
to be the very basis of Its strength:
Conseryatism--that goes hand in hand
with aggressive „ organization. "The
American ;' Federation 'of ; Labor has
grown . strong \ through this tenacious
policy ! of > conservatlveness,". ' ' says
President jGompers. \"It -has come to
be re'eognized by the wise and judicious!
outside Its ranks as/ a most valuable
agent of social progress. It Is a highly
disciplined .. army that is "¦ trained ¦••' ' to'
seek its ends through^dlplomacy s and 1
that ; will engage in industrial wan
only ;; when :| its utmost efforts in that (
direction fails."
now revived and
r e h a b 1 lltated.
through, a period
of. prosperity,
called the con
vention of Pitts
burg that result
ed' In ; the forma
tion of the Amer
ican: Federation
of Labor.
Samuel dom
pers was chosen
permanent presi
dent at the gen
eral session of the
federation held at
f dine had long set
| in; when' In 1881
{.'the trade unions,
ing its inception *r
in a local union |
of clothing cut-**
ters. It . was a (
secret organiza- )
tion and spread (
with great rapid
ltr over the en- 1
tire country and i
was for a long
time a most pow
erful factor . in
the affairs of the
workaday world.
It was- at all
times, however,
out of sympathy
with the Ideals of
the ' open trade
union and Its de-
The good .beginning thus made was
checked by the panic of 1S73 and for
lack of reserve funds many of these
unions died out during the long period
of depression. Various secret societies
took their places and held attention for
come time, but soon lost their influ
ence. The year 1872 saw the total dis
ruption of what was the first attempt
at a general trade union federation. It
was known as the National Labor Un
ion and its field was politics. It was
going to work Its reforms by first elect
ing a President, of .the United States.
It began in 1866 and. its life, therefore,
was six years. 1 Many other like move;
ments were started, but ran their
ccurse quickly. The Knights of Labor
was born in 1869 in Philadelphia, hav-
.nor statistics, and another protested
against the importation -of contract
laborers.
The American Federation of Labor
did r.ot spring Into existence over
night. Neither was It a sudden dis
¦ ¦overy. It evolved In Jhe natural
course so that when the delegates from
ninety-five separate and distinct labor
organizations came together to'iorm
its first convention they had a knowl
edge gathered out of Ions experience
just what they wanted to do. That
their knowledge was sound and that
they built well out of it is now ap
parent. Trade unions had long exist
ed. The New York Society of Jour
neymen Shipwrights was incorporated
In 1SC3 — thirst regularly constituted
fn the United States. Unions of tailors
trades union of which there is record
:*.nd carpenters were organized in 1806
and hatters in 1819. In those days
lh<» work day extended from sunrise
t<» sunset and the members of those
unions knew why they needed to or
pnniz*-. Agitation began for a ten
hour day. and Martin Van Buren,
President of the United States by
proclamation in 1S40. fixed 'it so fo
all public w.orks. Not until 1S44,
however, was the 'day shortened to
the average workman, a long series of
strikes leading up ' fo it. To 'com
memorate the victory the shipwrights
had a bell cast and erected on the
river front at Fourth street, • New
York, which for years rang out the
hour of beginiring and quitting work.
Unions were formed now. In every
manufacturing center, but until the
abolition of slavery they did not pass
beyond the stage of the isolated unions
oxeept in unimportant Instances. In
J&62 the first step in this direction was
made by the organization of .the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers
In Detroit. The National Cigarmak
ej s' Union quickly followed with head
quarters in New York. The Bricklay
ers' and Masons* International Union
was formed in'1864 and a number of
national unions came into being be
tween that and 1872.
fore, will attract and hold the attention
during its session, not only. of the work
ers within trades unionism, but with
out, and not only th* workers of
America but the workers of the world.
The American Federation of Labor
had its beginning in Pittsburg '.3 1SS1.
John Jarrett, president of the Amal
gamated Association of Iron and Steel
Workers, oresided over a convention
held in Turner Hall November- 15 of
that year, at which ninety-six dele
prates were assembled, . representing
union workincraen to the number of
262,000. : An organization "was effected,
ihe object- of .which was the encour
.-.gement and formation of local,' city.,
national and international trades unions
and to secure legislation to the inter
ests of the industrial classes. Reso
lutions favoring certain reforms were
adopted at this initial session that
were shortly made into the !aw of the
land. One of these called for the es
tablishment of a national bureau of
It is, of course, the aim of the feder
ation to complete the circle.
If the growth of the movement con
tinues at the ratio of increase that has
marked its history for the past two
years the gap will be closed in less than
two years more, and every trades
union in America will have Its repre
sentatives at the gathering of the dele
gates In 1506 — wherever it be.
Reports of the executive officers to be
made in San Francisco concerning the
work of the order since its session in
Boston just twelve months ago will be
of the must inspiring character. Indeed
were the facts in these reports repre
sented in the black and white illustra
tion here given the "not affiliated"
white section would be reduced to a
much smaller area. The federation is #
growing with such speed that it may
Eoon write "unit" as representing its
status in the labor union field of
America. The great "gathering of the
!• ad its of trades unionism to be held .
ir. San Francisco in ' November, there-
THE GROWTH OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR
OF the two million eight hundred
thousand workmen who Conn the
great army of trades unionism in
America more than two million
are affiliated with the American Feder
ation of Labor. The proportion of the
two— the army of the federation and the
lesser army of the unaffillated— -may be
presented by an «Cacttv» btt at black
end white Ulcft this.
; During the last few years the growth
of thV* organization has gone forward
by long bounds owing to the energetic
methods adopted for prosecuting . Its
propaganda, the general recognition of
its merits and the momentum acquired
by Its long and steadv progrress.
The "American Federation of Labor
is composed of constituent and repre
sentative bodies. Of the first are fed
eral labor unions, independent local
unions and international unions. The
second are central labor unions and
State branches.. Federal labor unions
are societies formed by wage earners
¦working at different trades and are
only established where there are not
enough workers at the several trades
to form separate unions.
Local unions having no International
unions of their crafts are composed of
members working at the same trade.
These are recognized and allowed to
affiliate only while there are as yet
too few unions of the trade to permit
the formation of a national union.
< The supreme power of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor is vested in
its convention. This is composed of
delegates, one or, more according to
its strength, from each national of
general union, the delegates having
one vote for each 100 members they
represent. Independent local unions
and federal unions are entitled to one
delegate regardless of the number of
their members. City central and State
bodies are also entitled to one dele
gate, having but one vote.
The American Federation of La
bor had affiliated to It May *, 1904,
118 international unions. These inter
national unions have complete jurisdic
tion over their own trades and have 23,
600 subordinate or local unions with an
aggregate membership exceeding 2,
000,000.. Besides the International unions
there were affiliated to the American
Federation of Labor 1501 local trade
unions and federal labor unions, 801
city central unions " and thirty-two
State federations.
The revenue of the American Feder
ation of Labor is derived mainly from
a tax levied on *each union, at the rate
of one-half of one per cent per month
from each member \ of international
unions, of 10 cents per month from each
member of local and federal unions
having no Internationals, and of a fixed
tax of $2 50 per quarter from each city
and State body. Of this, 5 cents of the
10 cents levied on members of federal
unions is applied to a defense fund.
The executive council has also the
power to levy assessments on all af
filiated unions to ' sustain unions en
gaged in "Industrial conflicts," the
levies not to exceed 1 cent per member
per week and for not more than ten
weeks in each year.
The reports for the first cJi months
of the fiscal year, October, 1903, to
March, 1904, show total receipts for
per capita tax of the federation were
$72,810 02. as against £51,188 15 for
the same months the previous year
shoving |the Increase in membership.
The session at San Francisco will be
the largest, most successful and alto
gether the most auspicious in the hla.
tory of the great unifying labor organ
ization.
At the sixth session, held at Colum
bus, Ohio, the title of the American
Federation of Labor was adopted, and
from which pojnt i the organization
dates the beginning' of an aggressive,
firm, onward march that has not ceas
ed since. At this session the iron mold
ers, .printers, granite cutter3, furniture
workers, miners, tailors, bakers, bar
bers, metal workers, carpenters and
cigar-makers joined the federation, and
together with several local and city
central unions swelled the ranks to a
membership of 316,469.
At the third session held at New
Tork City reports were made showing
the- ill success attending efforts made
by the federation to establish a modus
vlvendl with the Knights of Labor.
At Chicago, the fourth session, a res
olution to inaugurate a general agita
tion for an eight-hour workday was
adopted.
The fifth session was held In "Wash
ington, where the methods of the
Knights of Labor in organizing reject
ed, suspended and expelled members
and their imitation of trade marks and
labels of the trade unions were the
principal subjects of discussion.
Cleveland, Ohio. . This session wa»
marked by the indorsement of
& communication from P. J. Mo-
Oulre of the Brotherhood of
Carpenters, which declared the su
premacy of industrial over political
questions and at the same time defined
more precisely the scope of the feder
ation. It said:
"We favor this federation be
cause it Is the most natural assim
ilative form of bringing the trads
and labor -unions together. It pre
serves the industrial autonomy and
distinctive character ,of each trade
; and labor union, and, -without do
ing: violence to. their faith or tradi
tions, blends them all In one har
monious whole — a 'federation of
trade and labor unions.' Such a
body looks to the organization of
the working classes as workers, and
not as politicians. It makes the
qualities of a man as a worker tha
only test of fitness and sets up no
political or religious test of. mem
bership. It strives for the unifica
tion of all 'labor, not by ' straining'
at an enforced union of diverse
thought and widely separate meth
ods; not by prescribing a uniform
plan of organization, regardless of '
their experience or interests; not by
antagonizing or destroying existing •
organizations, but by preserving all
that is integral or goZd In them and
by widening their scope bo that
. each, without destroying their indi
vidual character, may act together
in all that concerns them."
THE ..SAN.; .FRANCISCO. SUNDAY CALL,Frank GlvSIorrtson." Secretary. American Federation. of Labor, "Typographical tJnion.
letter. •.." " - - - /
"But • the period . energetic enlist
ments'is^ over, for a time. The Ameri
can Federation of "Labor will now, I
believe, -turn -Its- energies -to -the work
of educating and disciplining the vast
army, of 1 its presehtVmembership, as
similating its new material, so to
speak.: Here Is now to- be- gained- its
great strength, the real strength of the
cause of- labor. Its members -are- to-be
taught how. to be effective. They know
what is so— they. are to be taught why
it is so. The more perfectly, the work
ingrnan understands his .relationship
to his employer . the , more . loyal he .is
to' the only means by which he. can
hope to win in; a contest with his pow
erful antagonist. * I say antagonist, ' for
so long 'as human nature is human na
ture, capital and helpless - labor are at
war. "WelL as I was .saying, there .is
the very element of -strength and con
servatism in the position _of union la
bor. > It does not half blame. the capi :
talist for ; what he is. It recognizes his
position and the ignorance and preju
dice that he inherits by' right of his
having capital
just the same as
recognizes Its own
absolute necessity for fighting
for what it shall get. There
fore it goes about the work with
sanity and method, a sanity and
method that grow with experience
The American Federation of Labor cul
tivates strength through loyalty that
comes of intelligent understanding of
the situation and confidence ;in its
cause and in its leaders to exercise
conservatism." Conservatism is • the
watchword of the American Federa
tion of Labor. By conservatism I mean
the disposition to demand only what is
fair and Just, to pres3 that demand
with temperance, arid in no case with
undue haste", to meet advances with
considerate justice and to proceed to
strike and other drastic measures only
when every other, means patiently em
ployed has not availed.
"The American Federation of Labor
has already, made ' great progress with
its cause by these principles.
"President Gompers has to his credit
the peaceful adjustment of a greater
number of disputes between labotv and
capital than any other one man. The
against an in- I
trenched privll- J
ege the strength •
of force must be used.
"The securing of right and justice
to one man "betters th# whole world.
Raise the level of an intelligence and
manhood of .the great mass of the peo
ple and the world will be a so much
better place to live in that men will
scarcely recognize it for the place that
it was; those that had "the best' there
was before will discover joys they
never dreamed of. When every man is
a res! man, carrying his head up with
ideas and knowledge in it, wearing
proper flesh on his bcnes and clothes
to cover It; when every woman,
through the means of . education, en
vironment and relief from overwork
and worry becomes a beautiful and in
telligent 'lady*; when children, all
children, may be properly cared for
and sent to school until they have ac
quired a good education, will not com
pensation have been rendered to ; the
privileged and pampered few for what
has been filched from them In the form
of their exclusive caste ? That Is the
whole story- That is i the end . toward
which the American Federation of .
Labor Is working— and 'working, now
with considerable speed. * What is the
- future?
"That is to. say, what is the "future
if the America n -Federation, of -Labor
proves to , be the perfected Implement
that we believe it to be. For these con
ditions are the same that all labor
movements have been directed at since
absolute chattel slavery .was wiped out
and men climbed to where they had a
horizon. If not, then the American
Federation of Labor will have at least
served to show the way, as others have
done before it. But we do know- that
the American Federation of Labor. Is
the best means to the end now, extant.
It has avoided the errors of other or
ganizations preceding it It has s the
same Working system as the Govern
ment of "the United States.. It is repre-
¦ and ; democratic . and avoids
entangling alliances. , It Is ruled by the
majority of its members. It Is. free ,in
its discussion of the problems it is try
ing to solve and it does, not fear pub
licity. And yet its goyernment . Is
strong and its laws are enforced to the
whole argument and weapon of the
American Federation of Labor is the
force of its number^ and the justice
of its cause. "With the first it would
excite the resr>ect of capital, and with
the latter enlist the sympathy of the
fair-minded. It will have nothing to
do with party politics. That is the rock
upon which many well intending move
ments split. Workingmen will vote
for their friends in whatever party
they find them, but no mandate ever
has gone or ever will go forth from
the officers or leaders of the movement
' to vote for any candidate. A great deal
has been made of a recent utterance cf
President Gompers about the effective
use of the ballot, but m most cases it
has been wholly misunderstood. Union
labor fully recognizes the power and
. effectiveness of the ballot, but its use
Is to be left to the intelligence of the
individual. He can choose his friends,'
he can enter politics as energetically
as he pleases and urge what candidate
he sees fit, bat as an organization the
American Federation of Labor will
have none of it. No principle ha3 been
more thoroughly threshed out and de
termined than this one.
"What are the reforms that union
labor is addressing itself to in its ef
fort to reach the good time coming,
and what means .are being employed?
In the first place il shoiild be noted
we have come a long way already.
The hours of labor have been reduced
from sunrise and sunset to ten and
then to eight hours; Chinese immigra
tion has been stopped, as also the im
portation of contract labor; the sweat
shop has been eliminated in large
measure and wages have been ad
vanced. That is worth while. . We
have undertaken to abolish child la
bor and will not cease until it is ac
complished and the child sent to
school. We would make government
by injunction impossible and rob a
Governor of the right to deport work
ingmen because he has the militia
with him. These are some of the
things we are working to accomplish.
We wish to secure the initiative and
referendum and we are diligently at
work in every State to that ecd. The
work is progressing excellently. The
Initiative and referendum once se
cured it will form an effective means
.toward other reforms.
"About the means to be employed?
Simply demand and agitation. "We have
11.000 district organizers subject to the
call of the American Federation of
Labor at all times and we
have thirty to fifty paid or
ganizers in the field all the time
preaching the gospel of unionism.
There on that big map on the wall you
will see their names, each on a little
slip fastened by a din at the location
at which he is working. These are
shifted as the men move and we can
thus survey the situation at a glance.
Each of these workers has his itiner
ary and is directed from this office.
As he leaves each town to go on to the
next he drops a card — a printed form he
fills out — and upon receipt of it here
we move his pin to the new location.,
The organizer does not devote himseLf
to any one craft, but undertakes to
•organize the town' before he leaves.
As a result of this activity wonders
have been worked- Many new crafts
have been recently and are being now
added to the great army of unionism.
Among these are the teamsters, who
a few years ago numbered bu,t a thou
sand or two, but who now have 85.000
union men. The waiters, which had but
700 seven years ago, now have over
50,000. Miners, carpenters and paint
ers have made phenomenal advances.
The miners now number 300,000,
the largest union; carpenters
167.000 and the painters 60,
000. These things account for the
great strides of the American Federa
tion of Labor, which in the last five
years increased Its membership 1,250.
000. Nearly every craft is now repre
sented in the federation.
"Our organizers are working all
over the United States, and in Porto
Rico and Hawaii.
"The jurisdiction, of the American
Federation of Labor extends over
North America, including Canada.
Canada is well organized, especially
Ontario, Quebec and the maritime
provinces. A union card is good any
where in these places. Indeed, the
union card of England is accepted
here. England is very well unionized
and they have a congress there that
is organized on lines similar to the
American Federation. Two delegates
attend the annual convention of the
American Federation of Labor and
two delegates from the latter attend
their annual meeting. Germany.
France, Austria and Russia are well
organized, but there'is-^no central body
there. They will be certain, however,
to follow the example that they see
works to such advantage with us. and
I look to see an intercontinental or
ganization of labor.
"But confining the question to the
United States I see a time, as the re
sult of our agitation and persistent
effort, when no child shall be set to
work, and children and youth shall go
to school until they are 13 years of
age; when every man's child shall
have the benefit of a high-school edu
tion; when men shall be so well paid
that they can afford to marry and rear
children and provide for them properly
and see to their education; when, be
cause of this, women will be taken out
of the field of ' competition by finding
husbands and homes; when every man
and woman will find time to loaf a lit
tle 'and invite his soul,* and life will
mean , something more than a day of
toil; when strikes and lockouts will no
longer be U3ed as a weapon between
employer and employed, because of a
mutual respect and a better under
standing. This 13 the' good time toward
which the American Federation of La
bor is looking and working, and I
think we shall see It in our day."
should have — that belongs to them by
right. They are at an immense dis
advantage because they are not only
without means, dependent upon* the
power they are attacking, but more
than all else they are inexperienced,
ignorant. They make mistakes and
are humiliated and their organizations
broken and scattered and they are in
dividually made to suffer ;vnd are re
duced to still more abject poverty. The
weaker among them are made weaker
and more timid still, but the naturally
strong are developed in strength and
grow in wisdom. They see wherein
the weakness of their former move
ment lay and they go among their fel
lows and point it out to them. They
see even as they did not see before
that only through uniting can they
ever be emancipated from their statti
of slavery- - [
'That is so fundamental a truth that
it is patent. No one disputes. Whejj
the non-union man frets at what 'he
calls the domination of the union he'
forms a union to oppose it This is
the amazing spectacle that this partic
ular brand of the spirit, of liberty has
reserved for modern eyes. Only by un
ion can headway be made by poverty
stricken individuals against the in
trenchments and fortifications of capi
tal. Organize, organize, organize. Or
ganize unions, unite these unions to
gether into other unions, and these
unions into still other unions, one in
trenched behind and reinforced by
the others; drill, discipline, educate
— educate every man to know his
rights and the rights as well as
the power of capital, to know
what to ask' for and what not
to ask for, to know when to ask, to
know when to substitute the word 'de
mand' for 'request.' and finally and
most vitally, to know how to enforce
that demand. That Is the American
Federation of Labor, tt is the great
est labor organization of the world.
"Tliey will tell you that the interests
cf labor and capital are identical, that
they should live together in peace and
harmony; the welfare cf one is the wel
fare of the other, and all that. Of
course it is. To the unbiased- this is
as fundamental as the truth of organi
zation- But the trouble is that capital,
like labor, is primarily ignorant — es
l>eciaUy is capital ignorant of this fact.
It can't be taught without demonstra
tion. It lacks the point of view and
no lesson is so hard to instill as that.
It is warm and well fed and it is labor
that makes It so. The more subservi
ent and the cheaper the labor on the
one hand, the more wealth and luxury,
on th-' other. How can the beneficiary
of such a condition understand that the
increase of wages, the reduction of the
hours of labor, the general uplift of his
employes. Is to his benefit? He cannot
see it To him this great truth must
remain forever obscure. How many
lives did it cost to cause the Southern
slave holder to forego his slaves. He
believed the institution was sanctioned
by the word of God. But is there one
v%ho will not confess that the world is
better for their release? There is the
v.hol* story. To secure a common right
erm^nt
"United they begin to devise
ways and means. They plan how they
ruay secure this and that that they
icnow. as men and not as slaves, they
timate, complete success of the mi/ve
ment is more assured by our being
thorough as we go along. The' work we
have to do is to educate. "Organize:
organize! organize!* is the slogan, but
organization is the first means toward
education. It is the class, th« school.
It is the first essential. It is the first
impulse of the awakening mind. The
minute the working man realizes that
he is a man and not a slave he calls to
his fellows to unite with him for bet-
t HE future of the American
* (CT> Fed2raticn of Latwr?"
j The question was I>ut to
{ Frank Morrison, secretary of
X. t-he STeat labor organization.
"If the Aniertan Federation ut Labor
is the ultimate fora? in which labor
shall unite to press itsj-ase against
capita;— that is. to preserve \ It-':
eeif and prosecute its" advances
In the strussle of human de
velopment — teen I thinli I can answer
that cui.':st.i.>n :n a few words," h? said.
"We ihiafc it is; we chink it is .an idea!
form of organization, just as we as
Air.crica-T.s tiiinlc that our mobile form
of sovernmeni in the United States is
ifaa best foria of government. No man
who is ether th-in a fool, however,
thinks the Government of the United
States Is a perfect government. Most
of us realize that it is very far from
perfect. $f«SI
•Ttat which makes this Government
the best on xuirth is not only the
greater I'reedoni ths.1 it guarantees, but
its mobility, its ready adaptability to
new measures and methods, the' pro
vision at hand fry -which a. change, even
til* most radical change, may be ef
fected with the only c-ssentiaf condi
tion that the majority; of the people
Irani the change. There's the rub. But
no sensible mar, would remove that
very heavy and legging weight that
forever clegs the vrcy of progress — the
necessity of leavening the whole lump.
"Leaders fret because of the slow
march to a s'oal that seems so bright,
s-) desirable ard so ready at hand, if
only the hand would reach out to take
it. But so did they who undertook
those reforms that resulted in the
French revolution. They got rid of
th~ impediment, but the yeast worked
too fast, caused the batter to run over
and spoiled the bread. We want none
of that.
"Experience teaches that the steady
progress that is thoroughly grounded
is the best- progress. The flag that is
slowly advanced with an intrenched
army behind it maintains its position.
By ail this I simply mean to say that
the many failures of the past have
not been lost uoon trade.-* unionism.
for they teach patience in what may
seem to be slow progress and that ul-
"FUTURE OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR"
THE SAN FRANCISCO ., SUNDAY. CALtl
B^ Framll G, Morrison
Secretary A: F. of L.affectlng to con
temn the "pure
crted by the trade
unionists, not for |
their own good "fr: : — : —
alone, but for that of the whole
working class; but even that fig
ure can be made to appear con
siderably smaller by reflecting upon
the length of time needed to organ
ize, say seven-eighths of the workers,
should subscription to the articles of a
political faith be made a condition of
membership in a trade union. '
Another material objection to the
plan of political action arises from
the attitude of the public toward labor
and politics respectively. Broadly
speaking It may be assumed that
the public favors the trade unions as
labor organizations and opposes them
as political clubs. In other words.
capacity for devotion, consequently, In
the one case as in the other, he re
sents the attempt, real . or imaginary,
to play upon his sympathies for labor
as a means of 'weaning him from
his chosen political faith.
When confronted' by such a situa
tion the average citizen may be de
pended upon to sacrifice his sympa
thies for the "rights of labor" in or
der to defend his own rights in the
matter of political belief. Public sym
pathy is a valuable and, indeed, a
necessary element ' in the work of
trade-unionism. Because of that fact
the trade union refuses to prejudice
Its case by committing Itself to a pol-
workers themselves, either inside or
outside of the trade unions, and the
public prejudice against any attempt
to carry a political point In the guise
of an appeal for labor— that these
bases are approved by sound reason
ing cannot b« gainsaid. That they
are also approved by practice may be
seen by comparing. the results achiev
ed by the so-called "pure" and simple"
trade ' union, with the experience of
"new unionism."
The results in the former case are
apparent on the face, of Industrial
conditions, in the increase of wages,
the reduction of hours and the mani
fold advantages enjoyed by the work-
•!• and simple" meth
ods of trade 'unionism, find In thesi
methods the only means of escape from
the Ills that afflict them. ,
Apart from the ground of common
agreement among the great majority of
trade unionists ! upon the main Issue,
namely, the adoption by the trade
unions of a partisan political creed of
any kind, there exists a variety of
personal opinion regarding the merits
of the respective * party programmes,
methods of political organization out
side of the trade unions, and as to the
proper limitations of the Government
in respect to the relations between em
ployer and employe.
As to the first of these questions, the
Walter Slacarthnr, Editor Coast Seamen's Journal.
It Is begging the question to say that
the trade union depends entirely upon
thie strike and boycott to attain its
ends. Again, it Is begging the question
to say that the strike and the boycott
are failures to-day, or ever have been.
These measures are the last resort of
trade unionism, the only remaining
measures of protest when reason and
justice ; fail. Regarded as such, the
strike and boycott never fall, although
always to be deplored. The real vic
tories of trade unionism are won by
the force— the moral force— of organiza
tion, with Its corollaries of discussion,
conciliation and arbitration. And Just
as the trade unionist enlarges his
knowledge of his own affairs and in
creases his ability to manage these, so
he Increases his capacity and power la
the treatment of public affairs.
Trade unionism has its faults, of
course, but these are very largely the
faults of numbers, not of principles or
methods. We are not numerous enough.
that's the trouble. How to Increase
our numbers, that's the ever-present
problem. It is a problem that can only
be solved by adherence to first princi
ples. 1. e.. religious organization for re
ligious purposes, political organization
for political purposes, economic organi
zation for economic purposes.
Upon trade unionism tee workers
must depend for their hopes of future
progress. Anything that tends to
weaken that Institution must in the
final analysis be regarded as inimical
to the true Interests of the working
class.
,.,.¦11.., .,-¦.. .iiy tietjlri ihHr existence
*»n «Mfc')Nlj»a»l'>M« Im pr«»t*at against
gteal evil* ««f «<mt«t Hlu'J, an<1 as fre
flUffltty iWe' ¦"•••"••-¦ IfltO "tgnntzatlons
f<»r proouflm finv:", or t»v laving men
th« trri»ib|c» to thtnk for th«»ms*«lves."
iJlucernWitf fPWilaiM 'if this paper nhould
find llttt«! <llfTl<:«ilfy In nrnklnt; their
own application of that moraL
tlnliko tho muli tuilonlat, the polltt
cal thforlut \* not boiin<l hy any phy
sical . or InttUfCtUft] llmttntions; he
nt?ed concern lilmn«'lf only with th<»
capacity of the human imagination.
The theorist mny plan an engineering
fenf which defies* nil tho (llfllcultlcs of
mechanics — on paper; but the ques
tion arises. Will th-» thing "go"?
Similarly, the theorist m:iy pnint a
house which is eminently natlafactory
— on canvas. The only trouble with
that kind of house is that you can't
live in It; you can only look u.t it. The
political theorist's scheme of regenera
tion is beautiful to look upon, a veri
table masterpiece of impressionistic
art; but— -alas; those doubts — the ques
tion recurs, "W'ilk it "go"?
Of course, opposition to the plan of
political action by the tr de unions, as
such, does not of necessity imply any
objection to political action on tha
part of the working class, as such.
On the latter score opinions differ,
first upon the "class" issue; secondly,
upon the manner and extent of gov
ernmental regulation in economic af
fairs. Upon the former of these ques
tions the best opinion seems to be that
which Is expressed by the saying:
"The working class is the only clasa
that is not a class;* It is a nution." On
the latter point there is room for argu
ment between those who favor the
respective principles of government,
the paternalistic and the democratic.
However, there can be no doubt as to
which of these principles best repre
sents the American ideal. The politi
cal actionist in the American labor
movement is quite consistent in citing
the European workers as an exemplar,
just as the latter, In demanding gov
ernmental intervention In their indus
trial and domestic affairs, are con
sistent "with the principles and prac
tices of European government. And,
precisely because of this consistency
between political action and paternal-
Ism, the opponent of politic-, action
in the American labor movement i3
consistent with the principles and
practices of, American government, as
expressed by the maxim. "That gov
ernment is best which governs least."
Doubtless there are many ways In
which the methods of our Government
might.be corrected and its functions
extended with advantage to all the
people.
Possibly these ends can only be at
tained by some sort of readjustment
between the political parties. But
these are questions which only politi
cal organizations are capable of deal
ing with. To attempt to deal with
these questions In ¦ the trade union
would be to destroy Its usefulness in
the economic- field without insuring any
compensating gain In the political field.
This point would be as tenable In a
state of complete trade union organi
zation as it is in the present state of
partial organization, since distrust and
dissension seem to be inseparable from
any form of political enterprise, as a
giance at the state of labor or reform
politics In any part of the world will
Immediately attest.
It is true to-day, and it probably al
ways will be true, that the power of the
¦workers to protect and advance their
welfare resides primarily and ultimate
ly in economic organization. To that
power the workers of the world owe
all that they now possess, not only in
material comforts, but also la moral
elevation and spiritual hope; not only
In the Immediate terms of employment.
but also In innumerable legislative
measures.
flf*«Ot writer h'4'1a to th- belief that
(j)4 mfflt.ll »t any iheury of gorcrnmmt
p£f) «n|y ha Judder} In practice. This.
iJJfiN'i «*«r''« 10 f»# * h « flr »'y Mxentlal
4Jf7*K«rfl^ bfljWWW r '0 e 'heory and an-
Hlftff} M>f»f »*»•» ?n$ whit h fuila is that
*hh-U \* >H«4, while iha one that suc
£ffgi M !>H? *hUn stM remains a
ijjjtflfy. Pf^lUmftblyi lha underlying
gjtyfj Qf jhjj u »>)<M in practice even
||i| bgififnttnti^/HMl government f»
f.^,B.| {{) ibgftd&tl »•»«»• h "f Us theory.
'i\ f ,.t$. illJfll tO ?<* * *'">* <**•! " f wl3 "
dflffl Mi Him i<li«ctvoil</rt that "political
Thus we find the three general objects
cf human desire to be (1) religious
equality, CZ) political equality, (3) in
dustrial equality.
Ancient history apprises us of the
struggles of soulless (I. e., slave) labor
fj>r equality in the sight of the gods.
Later records show us the struggles of
landless labor for equality before the
law— for political equality. The records
of to-day tell the story of the struggles
of .moneyless labor for equality on the
indnstrial field, for the establishment
of a system under which the moral
rights ot labor shall be recognized on
equality with the physical powers of
capital.
The philoeophy <of the sage, the vision
of the poet and the religion of Christi
anity have been realized. Religious and
political equality have been established.
Industrial equality, except to the ex
tent that it has been realized by and
through the trade union, is still a
philosophy and a vision, so far as the
theoretical reformer is concerned.
The moral of past events seems to be
that in the pursuit of these objects of
man's ambition separate and distinct
organizations are necessary; that suc
cess is achieved in proportion as the
identity of these organizations is main
tained, and delayed in proportion as
that identity is lost or merged.
Xo lesson of the past is more fami
liar than that of the struggle between
church and state, the essence of which
wa3 the desire for separation, and the
fruSp of which have been the strength
ening in all proper ways of both in
stitutions. The facts of to-day repeat
this lesson, in the need of maintain
ing the separation of the economic
and political movements, as a measure
in the interest of, and necessary to,
real and enduring progress in both
spheres of activity.
The comparatively slow growth of
the labor movement may be largely
accounted for by the failure of its
members to keep in view the real na
ture of that movement, and particu
larly to recognize the difference be
tween It and other movements. In
other words, the growth of the labor
movement has been" retarded by at
tempts to engraft upon it functions
peculiarly the property of other move
ments.
Consider another fundamental as
pect of the case. The spirit of com
bination for any purpose presupposes
mutual understanding and agreement
upon all material points. The un
derstanding among the members of a
grlven trade concerning the conditions
thereof and their agreement as to
methods of improving these constitute
the basic element of strength in the
trade union which confines itself to
purely economic effort, just as the dif
ference of opinion concerning political
questions constitutes the element of
weakness in the trade union which at
tempts to combine politics- and eco
nomics.
The adherence of the trade union to
purely economic lines of action con
serves its efficiency In a rwofold way;
It concentrates the thought and action
of those already in the union, and It
makes for the extension of organiza
tion among non-members.
It is a striking fact, one that the
proponents of "politics" in the union
should take due cognizance of, that
nothing so quickly alarms the average
man as the suspicion of politics in any
movement with which he may be
associated or with which he may be
asked to identify himself. The only
exception to this rule lies in the case
of these organizations which - are
TRADES UNIONS AND POLITICS
• .-¦-.
•-» jr ANY person*, impatient of the
(\/\ methods of trade unionism,
I / I advocate political action on'
JL the part cf that institution as
a short* and sure cut to the regenera
tion of Industrial society.
"Why sfcculd the trade unions con
fine themselves to the elow and toil
some methods of the strike and boy
cott, with their email and uncertain
results, when much larger and more
enduring erwis may be attained by the
simple, inexpensive and intelligent
process of striking at the ballot-box?"
Thus stated, the question seems sim
ple enough, in all conscience, as Elm
pie as the <j£iestion: ."When you come
to a stream, ar.i can't swim, why not
fly?" "- ¦'-•"-'¦
This Is precisely what the position of
the political -a ?tionist in the trade un
ion amounts to. As a means of getting
across the water without even getting
wet. the aerial route ,is every whit as
practical and as "scientific" as most of
the i-2ans suggested by the "radical"
and ••progressivfc"* reformers who pro
ffss to look wfcth pity and contempt
upon the trade unionist, who steadily
refuses to put to sea without at least
a stick of good lumber to hold on to.
The theory that the trade unions by
declaring, for political action in con
formity with the principles of this or
that party may accomplish a general
reformation in the conditions of labor,
or even that *»v so doing the results
will be more beneficial than those at
tainable by the present "pure and sim
ple" methods, ignores certain funda
mentals of the case affecting human
nature, and consequently bearing upon
human institutions, and especially
on such a peculiarly human institution
up the trade union. Some of these
matters may be briefly considered at
ihis ixrnt
A birdseye view of society presents
three general objects of human desire
and activity. Taking as our point of
departure that characteristic which
distinguishes the human from the other
animal races, to wit., the desire for
progress — the desire to be better oil to
day xhan yesterday, better off to-mor
row than to-day — we may define the
first general principle of social life in
the one word: liberty. Converting that
¦word into ore that expresses means, as
well as ond. we have equality; that is,
we have the first law of human pro
gress: association in equality.
icy which in the nature of thtttRS
would tend to unite the public against
It.
The foregoing brief summary of the
basic errors in the argument for po*
litlcal action outlines the broad
ground upon which the trade unton3
of the United States stand in opposi
tion to that plan. That the bases of
that ground — i. e., the inherent Irre
concilability of politics and economics
In one body or" movement, the lack of
political cohesiveness among the
«i-b rtf In^dor': n« fcrtirtr>if«H *» itf W\
conditions bf labrtf: Tfti F<WHll» W
the tnbOI-lii^BllUeS MHH HfH WiftilV
obvious; WhlrlVdF Utrif hlrtft fJH* Blffl
nttopt«d tH* either Hit* btGH GufltFUfl
destroy 6jfi&BliftllOH 8F id FSflfllF »
power!*** for nil |«r*t?Mtrtt HUF^H4»«9;
The exceptions tt* this ttiit 1 HHV* fl* ;
compltahcil BUrih' results «* lh«V WHJf
be able to *ho*v, iuit by B8Hfiel] SGlldBi
but » uplle thereof, L«k* Mi* dill Ifl
the fable, who dertplMd h\e !•**• >«m>I
admired his antler*, thesa unliiliw. wh»l*
formed avowedly and exclusively for
political purposes.
Estimates vary as to the numerical
strength of trade unionism in the
United States «as compared to the to
tal ware-earning population of the
country, a fact due to a difference of
opinion as to what constitutes a
"wiige-earner." However, one-eighth
is the proportion now most frequently
quoted by the publicists. ' This is a
small figure, particularly when com
pared with the Immense power ex-
the public will readily support a given
proposition when submitted on eco
nomic grounds, while it will even more
vigorously oppose the same proposi
tion when submitted under any sort
of political auspices. > The explanation
of this attitude is that the puhllc. like
the trade union itself. Is united on
industrial Questions and divided on
political ones. The average citizen,
like the average worker, be he unionist
or non-unionist, holds political views
which he cherishes with his x utmost
»By W^liti 9 MftcaHhtir \&
THE SAX FRAXtlSCO SUNDAY GAt.UTHE SAN . FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
THE OPEN SHOP
Mayor
EH HU G>(P t> lTh&* pp
n \\ H. P-^l va. - h m <cr n .<¦.
by
jf assies
©'Connell
Ik JL vC» C2 A V&J3. xGT ii ii. e,
American
Federation
Labor
FOR the past year we have heard
much of the open shop policy on
the part of employers. The
public as a rule know little of
what is meant by the so-called open
shop and wfth the approaching con
vention of the American Federation of
Labor to be held 'in San Francisco on
S'overnber 14 it Is very natural on
the part of the public and more than
likely employers of labor that the ques
tion of the open shop will receive more
or less consideration at the hands of
the delegates during their stay in San
Francisco.
The employer In setting forth his rea
sons for inaugurating the so-called
open shop attempts to convey the idea
that the unions are endeavoring to con
trol and dictate the policy by which
the employers should operate their va-
in a helpless and deplorable condition.
All the increases, all the reductions
in the hours of labor, all the protection
given to women and children in fac
tories, all the legislation inaugurated
In the various States and the national
Government looking toward the pro
tection of wage workers, has been
brought about, either directly or In
directly, by the trade unions of North
America and no matter what attempt
may be made by the employer to In
augurate his so-called open shop pol
icy, no matter what success he may
temporarily meet with In this direction,
organized labor is going to proceed
practically in the same lines in its en
deavor to secure still further improved
conditions of employment and if It Is
found that they can best be secured
through the policy of the closed shop,
the trade union movement will be
found fighting In that direction.
The open shop policy, therefore, on
tha part of the employers is, to my
mind, extremely foolish and will not
tend toward bringing employer, and em
ploye closer together, nor' will, it re-,
suit' in adjusting differences complained,
of by either side u'ndc- the present ix»r
duatrial conditions. There -is but one"
way, to my mind, by which this can be
brought about and that is not by the
employer refusing the employes the
same right he asks for himself, namely,
to organize, but both sides should
thoroughly organize and recognize each
other as such. Then when questions
arise affecting either side, representa
tives should meet at the round table
and satisfactorily adjust such differ
ences and not, as is proposed »by the
employer, declare war upon the union.
JAMES G. O'CONNELL.
/~y LEABLT and distinctly, once
I I and for all, I desire to reaffirm
\7P my unalterable opposition to the
\ open shop. Its .tendency, as all
who have t studied the _ problem can
plainly see; is g to lower ¦ wages v, and
lengthen* hours. For his own~protec-'
tion the workingman must Join hands
with his fellow worker and all stand
together firm and steadfast in a com
mon cause.
¦ The open shop means disunion, dis
organization and defeat. Too much at
tention cannot be paid to it. as It Is a
factor In our economical system
which must be brought out. plainly to
the attention of the workingmen. Their
homes and their means of earning a
livelihood are at stake.
Anything which will Interfere with
the good work now being carried on by
the labor unions is deleterious to the
best interests of the community. It
has been stated by the opponents of
union labor that San Francisco is a
union-ridden town. For the sake of
argument let us grant that assertion
and then see whether or not that fact
has tended to increase or decrease the
peace and prosperity of the city.
In the past two or three years wages
of workingmen were truly much higher
than before. Thelr^ condition has been
improved and when you improve the
condition of the wage earners of a
community you begin at the founda
tion for improving the conditions of
that entire community. It can safely
be stated that labor Is the basis
of a country's greatness and the wage
earner is the bulwark of her advance
ment and her prosperity. The only
logical conclusion Is that anything
which tends to benefit the wage earner
tends to benefit all the people. Re
member, the wage earning class is also
the distributing class. The more mon
ey a man on small salary has to spend
the more he will spend. On the other
hand those with large fortunes spend
about the same each year. In this
way the union promotes a greater dis
tribution cf coin which results to the
satisfaction of all.
The open shop would spoil this.
Given an opeix shop, what will become
of your .union, and to whom will the
toiler when wantonly wronged go for
assistance or redress? • Show me a
place where high wages are paid and
I will show you a place where the peo
ple are peaceful, prosperous, contented
and happy. There are at least 43.000
union men in this citv. Now. roujrhly
The reason given by employers may<S
be accepted by the ordinary thinking
man. but to the one who has given
serious consideration to the conditions
under which working men and women
are employed fully realize that the!;!
reasons set forth by the employers for I;!
the Inauguration of the open ehop are!;!
absolutely absurd and ridiculous. The$
nigger In the woodpile Is the employer^
hopes by his BO~caIled open shop policy
to break up the organizations of labor
so that he would be fancy free to in-<
aug"urate any conditions of employment i
most pleasing to himself regardless of,
the wishes or desires of the wealth pro- (
ducers cf our country- '
If the Individual employe has a grlev- \
ance or desires to Improve his condl- {
tlcns of employment by securing fewer
hsors of labor and Increased wages he.
knows full well that in- approaching]
his employer In an Individual capacity \
he ii laying himself liable to dismis-^
eal. hence bringing upon himself and,
his family privations and In an unlini-
Ited number of cases starvation.
The position of the employer boeorjes (
BtUl more ridiculous when the repr? - 1
eenUtive of an association of employ
en announces that the association
represented by him proposes to Inaug- I
urate the open shop policy and In fu- \
ture will refuse to meet the represents- ,
tives of organized labor or treat ¦with
the employe! as organized wage work- \
era; thus the very mea who are at-<
teirpting to inaugurate the open shop<
are denying to their employes the j
eanse right they have taken to them
selves of forming an association. 1
whether the association be called &\
labor organization or an employers' \
association. {
The employers* associations through
out North America have attempted toj
Induce their employes to form various \
kinds of associations among them-(
selves and they (the employers) be- (
conie part of such associations with a (
view to dictating what lines shall be
followed and outlining the policy. to y
that the so-called association shall be (
directly under the control of the em-|
ployer. This attempt to form associa-
lions of wage workers on the part of
the etr.ployer has proven a direct fall-^
ure, and while there are^ at the present \
time remnants of a few labor orga.nl- {
rations formed by the employers, the.
employes are rapidly realizing that'
they have been and are now being used '
Eimply as tools In the inauguration of {
a eystem that in time would find them (
r CTy HE coming together on the pan
} I of men or women of one trade
) | or calling for the purpose of con
) JL suiting with and assisting each
l other on questions relating to their
dally work— the rules under which it
Is done or to be done and the wages
and hours relating thereto, is called a
"trade union." Consciously or uncon
sciously. It is in obedience to the com
mand "Bear ye each other's burdens-"
When men or women working together
for one or more employers feel that
they are not getting a fair share from
the product of their labor — that the
wages are too low, the hours too long
or the shop rules burdensome beyond
what is necessary, it is natural that
they should seek advice from each
other — that they try to remedy the
wrongs 'under which they feel them
i selves to be living, and very naturally,
having the same Interests, they en
deavor to make common cause.
Meeting somewhere quietly they se
lect 6ome of their most trusted fellows
to lay the grievances before the em
ployer in the form of a petition. -In
this they exercise In the Industrial field
their right of audience and petition
leng ago granted to them as citizens of
the United States.
The seamen of this coast, feeling
deeply aggrieved under the conditions
they had labored on board and lived
on Bhore, came together 'on the 6th of
March, 1S85. for the purpose of devising
ways and means to remedy the griev
ances under which they lived.
Among the grievances may be enum
erated tlfat under section 4553 of the
Revised Statutes of the United States
they were considered and treated as
part of the property of the ship. They
might be. sent to prison for an unlim
ited time at the will of the master, if
he. in his opinion, had reasons to be
lieve that they were going to quit em
ployment "with him and seek employ
( ment elsewhere.
rt Under section 4598 of the Revised
Statutes of the United States if they
had withdrawn themselves from ser
vice to which they had previously
agreed they could be advertised for,
a premium put upon their arrest and
return to their owners in the same way
as a negro slave prior to the war or
as a criminal who had broken out of
state's prison, as a runaway slave or
an escaped criminal, and were arrested
wherever found without warrant and
without any legal process — taken as
other property is taken by the owner
wherever he finds it and brought back
to the owner's safe possession.
Under section 4601 of the Revised
Statutes of the United States, any one
who should harbor or secrete such
runaway seaman was committing a
misdemeanor and was subject to a
fine— one-half of which went to the in
former. On return to their master
they might be and were subjected to
corporal punishment (other than flog
ging) and could be deprived .of food,
except bread and water, until they were
willing to continue to labor in a man
ner satisfactory to their master.
Certain clothing Is absolutely neces
sary at sea. It is as necessary to the
seaman as the mechanic's tools are to
the mechanic the lawyer's library to
the lawyer, the surgeon's tools to the
surgeon or the machine to the type
writer, yet the seaman's clothing
might be and was held for debt while
he was sent to sea or turned out into
the street with nothing but what he
had on.
If any other man was In debt, and an
execution was levied against him, the
law exempted some things which were
considered the Immediate necessities of
life, and when the person In question
was working for monthly wages or
dally wages the law ? exempted from
execution the last month's pay or the
last week's pay so that the person in
question might have something to buy
a meal of victuals or a bed upon which
to sleep of a night. No such exemp
tion was made in reference to the sea-
man. Said law authorized the taking
from him by attachment or by gar
nishment and execution every cent he
had earned within the last two or three
months, as the case might be.
The admiralty law prohibited the at
tachment of the seaman's wages, but
the creditor went to the State court,
had the wages attached and through
State machinery took it alt and left
the seaman stripped, so that he was •
unable to pay for a night's lodging or
a meal. In this condition he was com
pelled to mortgage hi3 body and its
labor power in order to live.
The esteem in which the 'seaman was
held is best illustrated by a report
made in the month of January, 18S7, by
a charitable society in this city when
they said, "We have during the year
done excellent work among criminals,
prostitutes and sailors."
¦ There were some organizations, such
as ,the Seamen's Friend Society, who
at least ostensibly were organized to
aid and protect the seaman, but the
conditions under which it lived, the
conditions under which the seaman
lived and the status of our law were
such that Its work was more of a curse
than a blessing. Such was the condi
tion of the seamen when they met and
determined that they would become
part of the great army of organized
labor; that tl*y would depend on them
selves to change conditions; that, come
what may, they would bear It no longer.
Through their organization as a trade
union the seamen have appealed to
their fellow workmen on shore and
afloat, to reformers, lawmakers, friend
ly societies, the clergy and humanita
rians wherever found for help— not In
thje shape of money, not as beggars
seeking alms, but aa human beings, «
feeling themselves to be such, feeling
themselves to be equal to other human
beings, and by virtue of their human
ity claiming as their due such chengea
In their daily life and such changes in
the law as would give to them an op
portunity to prove that they were and
are the equals of other men. ,
In the eighteen or nineteen years in
which they ha've been organised and
worked as a trade union for their own
protection and improvement of others,
their best ability have assisted in the
protection ar.d improvement of others,
they have suffered untold hardships, at
times felt the bitterness of defeat, but
also the joys of victory on other occa
' sions.
No one now would make a report
such as the one mentioned above; no
one now would consider a man an in
ferior simply because he had chosen as
his life calling the sea.
As far as the ports in the United
States, In the British ; possessions of
North America, in the West Indies and
in Mexico are concerned, the seaman
to-day is as free to quit emploj'ment as
any other man. Of the seamen sailing
oa short voyages, it may be said that
letters of manumission have been is
sued to them, but If the seaman under
takes to exercise his natural right— his
inalienable right under the Federal law
of the United States — to the ownership
of his own body, he may in the port of
foreign countries still be treated as a
runaway slave or an escaped criminal.
' Trade unionism has done much for
the seaman in the last nineteen years.
Much yet remains to be done, and on
this occasion and through this paper
they appeal to all believers in human
freedom— in human equality— in human
Justice— to give their assistance, in so
far as they can. to the work yet to be
done, to the end that. the seaman may
be given the same rights, and so far as
his calling pel-mlts, as are given to
other men under the American flag.'
The seamen realize that the coming
-together and the meeting of the intelli
gence of all and making that bear
upon and redress the wrongs and suf
ferings of all is unionism — is a school
in self government, in self control. In
self abnegation— yet also In the exer
cise of their natural right so neces
sary to a successful social and indus
trial life of to-day.
if these were able to secure
£an advance of say SO cents a day or
can average of say $2000 a day or $500,000
va month, of course all this would not
be spent wantonly or carelessly, but a
great, portion of it would so for the
purchase and beautlfication of homes.
The workingman Is a medium of cir
culation. With him the luxuries of yes
terday have become the necessities of
''to-day. His union aids him in obtain
ing these luxuries. Standing alone or
on the open shop basis he must auction
oft his ski!!, his brain and his muscle
to the highest bidder. With his union
there is a minimum set and he 'will not
work below it. This minimum is a llv-'
Ing wage, regulated to provide a man
with the common necessities of life and
some of its luxuries.
The open shop is its direct antithesis.
They are as widely separated as the
poles. There is one remedy to break
down the open shop — the co-operative
store will do it. These co-operative
stores have been established extensive
ly throughout the East, and thty are
gradually growing in strength and fa
vor in this city. During 1 the past year
several have been opened, and I expect
to see more in the near future. My idea
on this line Is for men to band them
selves together, as they did recently
here In a shoe house, each put up for a
certain amount of stock and elect a
manager from among their number, the
manager to hold office so long as he
conducts matters satisfactorily. In this
manner I think the open shop can suc
cessfully be fought and made a thing
of the past.
Let the workingmen. Instead of Idly
talking, open a rival shop, no matter
what the business of the concern raay
be. make it more attractive, each take
a little stock in the concern, and see
what will happen to the establishment
which locked them out
Strikes are always to be deplored and
are always expensive. The money
spent in strike benefits .will frequently
pay for the opening of a rival estab
lishment, which will put the other man
out of business quicker than anything
else and will also provide employment
for many men.
I have repeatedly said, .and I have
always consistently endeavored to
live up to the declaration, that capital
and labor, employer and employe,
should have equal consideration and
equal protection; that capital must
have safe and steady investment tn
order that labor may have constant
' and remunerative employment; that
< the interests of both are for a con
, servative and friendly recognition by
each of the rights of the other, and
1 under all circumstances and condf
, tions I propose to abide and to ef
fectuate these ideas.
1 EUGENE E. SCHMITZ.
TRADES UNIONISM AMONG SEAMEN
By ANDREW J. FURUSETH, Secretary Sailors' Union of the PacificTJIli SAN I'RAXCISCO SUN.UAY CALL.
GROWTH OF THE BUILDING TRADES COUNCILS
President^ of Sail Frai^clsc©
President of California Biuild
m&' Trades Cotir&cil
IX 1894. following the, stringency in
the money market throughout tha
world and its consequent influence
and effect upon all financial tran
sactions, the restriction of trade, the In
crease of interest, the decline in value
of securities and the paralysis in busi
ness generally, the condition of the
building industry in this city and coun
ty owing to the lack of organization
was in a chaotic state, and such that
employer and employe endeavoring to
conduct their business in a legitimate
manner realised the necesritv of bring
ing about an organization, to the end
that it might In the future be managed
in a manner indicative of success to
the owner,; the architect, the builder
and the workman alike.
There was no established system for
the conduct of building operations, no
stability as to the status of contractor
or journeyman, no fixed rules so neces
sary for -the protection of the owner,
contractor or workman. Prices of labor
and materials were of a shifting char
ncter and subject to so much change
that contracts were menaced and the
contractor and workmen were involved
in continual doubt as to ultimate re
sults of anything undertaken. Work
men were undercutting workmen; con
tractors were, underbidding contractors
and basing their competition upon di
minished prices for labor. These cir
cumstances invited to the building in
dustry unscrupulous persons, who
would undertake anything and every
thing in competition with well-known
and established contractors and rely
upon the open market for materials and
labor, taking chances upon success or
failure, as fortune might determine.
In this manner the building Industry
of this city- had received, because of
the manner in which it was conducted,
a severe and serious setback. Property
owners and investors, feeling in a meas
ure disgusted with the unsatisfactory
and unstable condition of things ob
taining, ceased building in a measure
alarming within itself.
At this time the artisans engaged in
the building business, who were prin
cipally old residents and property own
ers of the city, who were dissatisfied'
with the changeable conditions, orga
nized the Building Trades Council of
San Francisco. Beginning with a few
unions, they drafted a constitution and
by-laws setting forth the aims and ob
jects of the organization. Immediately,
by all those engaged in the building
Industry who obtained a livelihood from
the same, was' the influence of such an
institution recognized, and that so
ilearly that the Building Trades Coun
cil grew both in influence and strength
numerically, until it is to-day. one of
the greatest and most successful cen
tral bodies engaged in the building in
dustry in the world, bringing to the
owner, architect, builder and employe
alike assurances of stability of charac
ter witnessed in no other part of the
world.
The constitution and by-laws of the
Building Trades Council originally
adopted have . undergone many
changes, said changes being "necessary
U< the government of a. body continu
ally expanding and increasing in prom
inence" and importance, as well as to
the further stability if the industry,
the management of which, from the
Journeymen's side or interest,' required
protection.
In framing the constitution and by
laws and ia making the amendments
necessitated and suggested by its
growth and expansion, the Building
Trades Council has used every endeav
or to act strictly within the letter of
the law; respecting the constitutional
rights of all persons; frowning upon
the encroachment of personal right
and security; and steadfastly and' de;
terminedly asserting, the legal rights
of Its constituent members and organ
izations.
The effectiveness, reasonableness and
practicability of the organic law of the
Building Trades Council and the sys
tem by which its business is conducted
tinder that law are best evidenced by
its unqualified and enduring success.
The Building Trades Council is made
up of delegates according to propor
tional representation. The executive
board of the coundl Is also made up
on the lines of proportional represen
tation. Through the council and Its
executive : board, to the exclusion of
other systems in vogue throughout
the country, such as boards of business
agents and otherwise, is the business
of the Building Trades Council done,
•very matter, regardless of ¦ how triv
ial it may be, having to be first attend
ed to by the Council, Its executive
board or its executive officers, before
being finally decided upon, and then
said business is, in the field of oper
ations, dealt with in accordance with
instructions by the representatives of
the Building Trades Council, known as
its business agents.
The work of the council in relation to
its affiliated membership and with the
employer has been conducted with a
view to extending to all strict justice
consistently with the rights of owner,
contractor and Journeyman. The prin
cipal aim of the council is now and al
ways has been to establish a fixed and
unchangeable system in the building
business tending to the absolute secur
ity of the contracts, integrity of Inter
course and stability of conduct for; the
mutual protection of all concerned, to
the end that the owner feels absolutely
safe in improving his property, - the
contractor is protected against changes
after a contract ¦ is signed, and the
journeyman is guaranteed his hours
and wages and the responsibility of his
employer.
TJje duties of the business agents are
to carry,, out the- instructions '.of the
Council, and not, as found . in . other
localities of our country, as their own
ideas may. dictate. Nothing is left to
the discretion of the business agents.
Their duties are ministerial and not
executive. There Is but one fountain
head and all instructions, rules and or
ders emanate from that head. The
Council conducts its affairs directly;
grievances are redressed by it and the
sphere of the business agent is limited
to carrying out the expressed will of
the Council. It is a matter of pride j
and felicity that while in other cities
the business agent , has -been the sub
ject of scandal and notoriety, the first
instance ia. yet to arise, in this city
wherein the business agent has proven [
false to his trust between employer arid
Council.
In other words, the. business agents of
the Building Trades Council of San :
Francisco are to see to it that the in
structions given them by the unions
through their representatives in coun
cil meeting assembled are carried out .
in a just and equitable manner, as .
well as in a manner- benefiting the posi
tion occupied' by the building industry
of our city. ','¦"' »':''£.•¦¦'' : i'
Because of the good work accom
plished by the Building Trades Council
of San Francisco It became apparent
during the year 1900 that In order to
protect the legitimate ¦ contractor as
i well | as the . interests of the owner,
architect and mechanic' alike if. was
necessary to organize in the other
business, centers of our State, councils
such as the San j Francisco Building
Trades Council. Hence the work was
taken up ' by the : San • Francisco Build-
The WORK of the EAST YEAR in SAN FRANCISC0
THE past year has been one of the
most important in the history. of
the labor movement in San Fran
cisco. There has not been the
hurrahing of the fungus-growth, un
stable unions, born to foster the pri
vate ambitions of a few and then die
down in a night, but there has been
solid, substantial v.ork accomplished.
A structure has been reared to stand.
Common sense is its foundation and the
materials used are good, cool, deliber
ative judgment and careful business
management. .
Without going directly into a. dry
routine of statistics and interminable
figures, 1 the casual, thoughtful observer
will- readily see that much has been
done to improve the conditions of the
toilers— the men whose brains, brawn
and muscle, allied with capital, make
this great country what it is/ ¦
: Strikes have been few during the past
year and these have in the main been
confined^ to the younger unions in the
less skilled branches. Among, the work
irigmen generally there is a spirit of
security and a desire f of ' Industrial
peace.- Petty disputes are being settled
without resort to .radical- means—dis
putesin days even when unions did not
exist would cause the more hot-headed
ones to urge the others to walk out.'
Strikes during; the year, so far as
the public at large is concerned, were
very rare. .Trouble was threatened. by
the .carman,, but. averted after' both
sides had been heard and the matter
left 'with a referee; . the, linemen after
a" short strike returned to work with
an increased of wages; and the bunion
still intact; the strike • of . the brewers
lasted but; two days/and the bakers
won their demand , for ..higher ,wages
without going out at all.
There have been numerous other dis
turbances, but : ; none '_ affecting , more
than a few people. The i outlook is . for
a : quiet and prosperous year. To quote
Secretary - Wisler of the * San : Francisco
Labor Council, which represents thou
sands of men in the labor movement:
"You ask me for something regard
ing the year last past. I will say it
was one of our most prosperous. Sta
bility has-been our watchword and
much has been accomplished. We have
had few. battles and in those few have
practically come out victorious.
"Employer and- employe are coming
closer together. The union is bringing
about a . better understanding and is
helping educate the men to a higher
standard.- There is little dissatisfac
tion and little grumbling -from either
side.
"There were few unions organized
during the - p,\st year, it Is true, but
on the other. hand it -must be remem
bered-that trades and occupations are
at present •: quite thoroughly . organized.
¦ "In membership the ; unions are hold
ings their own .or, better, for there has
been. -an /increase. Another healthy
feature is the fact that the majority of
the men who > come, here from other
cities carry working cards with' them.
"We have had little difficulty with what
is commonly termed 'scabs,' as the men
who come here without cards are, as a
rule, willing to Join the union. Easy
terms are made for them if finances
are low and all seem Well contented.
"Of course we expect more or less
trouble from the. Citizens' Alliance," .but
as yet It has ! done no serious injury
nor do I think it will so long as em
ployer and employe . can be made to
understand each other.
"The unions; are on the whole in a
prosperous condition. We can ; look
back on the year, last past and feel
that should the next be as full, both
of promise and fulfillment, we are ad
vancing toward a long-desired goal
slowly but steadily. The absence of
wildcat movements and fire-brand agi
tation is a healthy sign. The freedom
fromdlsastrous strikes is another. We
are working earnestly- and hope to
make life . easier and conditions gen
erally, better, for ourselves— the work
ing men and working .women."
— — > — . — . . _
P. II. McCarthy, President San Francisco and California Buildins: Trades Councils.
> ing Trades Council and councils organ
ized in several business centers of Cal
ifornia and a, State convention callec
on December 16, 1301. when the organ
ization of a State Building Trade:
Council was perfected.
The objects of the State Buildinj
Trades Council of California are:
First— To promote In a legitlmat<
manner the building industry through
out the State.
Second— To bring about as nearly a:
possible uniformity regarding the man
ner in which the building industry ma]
be conducted.
Third — To protect from the on
elaughts of the unscrupulous and de
signing contractor hereinbefore men
tioned, the legitimate contractor, at
¦well as owner, . architect and mechani<
alike.
Fourth — In case of need to be in ' j
position to draw from the other cen
ters of our country, through the Statt
Building Trades Council, mechanic:
necessary to the conduct of the build
ing business throughout the State, as
sisting the builders of out State suet
as they have never been assisted in an:
other part of the world.
During the life of the Buildinj
Trades Council of this city and Stat*
many important events have takei
place in the building industry and ii
all instances has the Building Trade:
Council placed its business. whei
necessary to a complete and equltablt
adjustment of the same, in the hand:
of the mpst responsible bodies, madi
up of mercantile and professional in
terests, | within the boundary lines o
our State, and nation.
This course has been suggested bj
the fact that the constituent member:
of the unions affiliated with the Build
ing Trades Council are among the fac
tors which comprise this common
wealth. Their property interests ar<
here; their families are maintainec
here; their taxes contribute to th<
maintenance of our municipal anc
State system. In short, their interests
are identical with those cf all othei
citizens and the same influences whict
affect one affect all.
..In 1900 one of* the most notable in
stances of this kind occurred in th«
controversy then existing between the
manufacturers engaged in the building
business and the operators or employes
of the same. During that controversj
many meetings were held, many : dis
cussions were had regarding the same
by large and representative bodies, and
the Building Trades Council of Sar
Francisco, in response to a request, the
parallel of which was never agreed tc
before, acquiesced and unanimously de
cided to refer the entire subject mattei
to the Merchants' Association of Ham
Francisco, an association embracing
some thirteen or fourteen hundred em
ployers, for settlement.
This was such a great departure
from the old methods employed in the
conduct of labor organizations that the
community was, for a time, dumfound
ed and the employers in question,
largely represented in the Merchants'
Association, refused to acquiesce to the
request of the Builders' Association to
refer their side of the controversy to
the said Merchants' Association for ar
bitration.
The difficulty then existing was, after
several months, arbitrated by men
having the interests of our city and
State at heart, who, imbued with a
spirit of fairness and impartiality to
labor and capital alike, adjusted once
and for all this most grave and serious
trouble. Time has established the fact
that relief sought by the Building
Trades Council and the result of the
settlement In line with its contentions
has been of inestimable benefit to all
interested.
Again, the Building Trades Council
was in a like measure confronted with
serious difficulty through the ¦ Master
Painters of the Pacific Coast, in behalf
of the painters affiliated with the
Building Trades Council, and again the
Building Trades Council decided to re
fer the entire subject matter for ad
justment to the same or a similar body,
believing as it did that such an insti
tution had but the best interests of the
city and State at heart.
This action, unlike the other contro
versy, . brought the trouble to. a close,
for the Master Painters of the Pacific
Coast and the representatives of tha
Building Trades Council met and ad
justed speedily the existing contro
versy.
Hundreds of .other instances of less
importance to the building business
may be cited, but suffice to. say that,
due - to - the manner In which, as well
as the conditions under which, and the
channels through which, the Building
Trades Council of this city and State
has .conducted Its business, in so far as
the, journeyman engaged in the build
ing business may be concerned, the
building industry has received an
Impetus far beyond anything ever
dreamed of by the most careful stu
dent of the commercial or industrial
world,. with the result that San Fran
cisco, as well as the' other cities in
California are freer from entangling
alliances, disasters - or misunderstand
ings in the building business than any
other cities In our Union.
;It [Is the earnest wish of the writer
that such a condition of things main
tain to the end that California may
reach a stage In the history of our
State surpassing any other State In tha
[tnion, as well as bringing to the front
tier commercial and industrial enter
prises in a manner indicative of suc
cess, - and as It is in this instance, so
It is in all other departments of labor,
the earnest nvlsh and prayer of the
undersigned that employer and em
ploye alike may see the wisdom of
leasing, to quarrel and attend to the
building up of our State in a manner
:nfHf>ntiv*» of 1 cm^^,,cause some of the work bearing the
emblem is not. perhaps, as fine as
other. Evtn if the objection were true,
our friends of the opposition would
just as vigorously assail us were the
men or women responsible refused ad
mittance to the organization repre
sented by the label. Either way we
are wrong! The trade union and the
label are one and the same .thing.
Both stand -for- the . same principles.
Granting that unionism is in error as
an institution, that the shortened
hours; Increased wages and their con
comitant advantages are a delusion,
we will admit that the union label
has deceived us. But the reverse is
the case. The Isbel is the silent fac
tor in settling industrial troubles.
It helps its friends to purchase goods
manufactured under known condi
tions in preference to those produced
under circumstances unknown. The
selfish man argues that so long as
the article is satisfactory no ef
fort -should be made to penetrate into
its make. But that is not his Sun
day argument. We may hear him tell
on -that day of the "brotherhood of
man," and the necessity of "bearing
one another's burdens.™ and "doing
unto others as we would be done by"
— all good doctrines and true, but
equally as applicable to Monday's pur
chase as it is to Sunday's prayer. The
union label is like all other human
devised methods— not perfect — but it
needs to be superseded by a better
plan before the thinking: citizen
would care to see it abandoned.
The trade union enables the fair em
ployer—who, iike the fair unionist, pre
dominates—to estimate his labor on a
living basis. .This system is a good
deal preferable to figuring on what his
unfair competitor can procure his
cheapest help for. - Not only that, but
it is a protection for the merchant. It
enables the trade unionist to live as
becomes an American citizen, and has
a powerful -influence in procuring fair
compensation for the individual whose
conscience will not permit him to. Join
any combination in this free
petitive age. Again, the union head
quarters act as , a clearing-house for
the employer. It is convenient to send
there for additional help.
The trade union is not flawless by
any means. It Is a <*ood deal easier to
tear down than, to build up. but th«
latter 'course applied with intelligence
to the labor, movement will overcome?
many of its deficiencies. The gains'are
greater than, the losses. While the
dominant trait of human nature is
selfishness. Just so long will we find
both sides endeavoring to get the best
of the industrial situation. The trad*
union has come to stay. It is a natural
outgrowth of present-day conditions.
wages, v long hours and unsanitary con
ditions possess no attraction for the
normal u man. The . "open shop" advo
cates are not altogether influenced by
love of mankind in their contentions.
If consistent, wouldn't these gentlemen
favor the abolition of the trade .re
straint everywhere visible? The mer
ger, combination, trust, carcl rate, cut
ting off of supplies, and general denial
of business opportunity are evidences
acknowledged' on all hands of the
"closed shop"- In its worst aspect. To
use 'that term to the trade union alive
to the labor movement is erroneous.
In the latter case it should be "union
shop," for men k are welcomed to its
ranks. There are two aides to the
"open shop" controversy., One is the
danger of trade ; unionism losing i^s
civilizing power as detailed in this
article — securing in return not even the
shadow] for the substance-rand the In
consistency of > men ' claiming "open
shop" as "a good ihing— for the other
fellow," as Mark Twain . puts it.
In New York City there; is an asso
ciation connected with the labor move
ment that gives evidence of a live spirit
in dealing with the „ problem. Refer
ence is made to the Church Association
for the Advancement of the Interests
of Labor- It Is part of the machinery
of the Episcopal Church. One of the
strongest supporters -, is Bishop H. C.
Potter. The • movement ?- has spread to
other cities, and the Bishops of all the
States are among : Its - officers. Atten
tion was first called to the necessity, of
this society by,^ the earnest efforts ot
men and women to organize the gar
ment workers and thio.se connected with
the textile trades in order. to relieve the
monotony of, their r existence ' and En
deavor to combat the thraHdom of the
sweatshop and the .• tenement house.
Women, af the fashionable -world vere
of justice is toward a higher plane.
The man who slugs is less an enemy
of the republic than the man who
plac»s iron in a life preserver, for. his
enmity to the true conception of union
ism is both crude and repulsive. One
of the highest non-union authorities In
the country states that all the crimes
alleged to have been committed in
Colorado pale into insignificance beside
the record of the shipbuilding trust..
The majority of men rare honest. A
larger conception of the varied Inter
ests' making up the whole of the ever
present industrial controversy is need
ed.. We will have to return to first
principles. Certainly no policy of ex
termination under the guise of Ameri
canism will" have a lasting effects The
unions may be weakened, but they will
certainly gain strength afterward, for
history, repeats itself.- The worker
knows no power other . than his or
ganization to secure and; hold the ad
vantages of his present position. In
stances of Increased hours and lowered
wages are chronicled In the columns of
the press where the emasculation of the
union is either partial or, complete. And
who Is the gainer?
The trade union has an educative in
fluence. The London dock workers
were elevated in .every, wsy by .the
revelation of their miserable condition
before organizing. The opportunities
for public speaking, are 'many.,.. A' man
must be *more or Jess -. of a 'student' to
keep apace with • the times. Technical
schools are supported In some > of the
trades, especially in -European- coun
tries, and every Influence . exerted on
behalf of those willing to improve
themselves. ' .
Need It be wohdered'jthat the work
era show strong' opposition to any
threatened return of former conditions?
Seven- days' labor In one week, " low
What reasonable objection can there
be to the use of a label standinc for
such a type of citizenship? Surely, any
"arbitrary" action on the part of some
organization should not * be considered
good ground for destroying the potency
of an emblem that has the support of
reform agencies. We are criticized be-
A subject of controversy is the or
ganizing of unskilled occupations.
Many men admit that skilled labor has
always had the union in some form and
s re not adverse to the idea, but objec
tion is raised to those without trades
combining. When pressed for reasons
the replies verge on the vague. Grant
ing that the sudden injection of this
class of labor into industrial disputes
is not I unattended by problems, owing
to lack of experience and new-found
power, yet the teamster has exactly the
same right to organize as the master
arayman. In this city we find his
hours, wages and general conditions
greatly improved. The same could be
said of other lines of business. .The
employer has his union. The employe
has his.
One of the most important agencies
in making the trade union a civilizing
factor Is the union labeL It is becom
ing the custom to hire purchasable men
to combat .its influence, to circulate
printed matter describing it as a
"badge of servitude," and to generally
predict desolation should its power in
crease. The superiority of non-union
over union ethics is not apparent to
those who have worked under both sys
tems as wage earners. The union label
first stood for American labor in
America, as opposed to Asiatic. It still
does. It shows that the producer par
ticipated in the work of preparing the
finished article under conditions that
were sanitary and fair [ and that he
was paid a living wage for his labor.
addressed in their homes by members
of the C. A. I. L., and the condition
of those who made their highpriced
garments explained at length. The re
sult was that energetic steps were
taken by the society leaders to aid
their less fortunate slaters by requir
ing the presence of the union label on
all goods manufactured for them. The
idea took hold. A lady organizer is
kept in the field by the Episcopal
Church. Every attempt is made to
smooth over labor difficulties and ad
vise for the general good. The trade
union has proved a valuable ally for
the protection of the women who work.
It is antagonistic to the influences that
mar human life in our large cities.
And the society women are not paying
more for their garments. If some
other panacea will do for these work
ers ¦ what the union label has, let us
hear of it.
The concentration of men in organi
zations needs the counterbalance of
conservatism. That this has not al
ways^ been the case with the labor
movement is admitted, but the ; ten
dency born of experience and the spirit
While this endeavor to fulfill the
humanitarian, obligation of the labor
movement -is in its Infancy, yet it
would be pertinent here to refer to the
splendid institution maintained at Col
orado' Springs by the International
Typographical Union of North Amer
ica. At a cost of over $100,000 a build
ing complete as a home for deserving
printers has been erected. Its appoint
ments are perfect. A hospital annex
is devoted to the sick and the medical
and nursing departments are equal to
the best- This Union Printers' Home
is supported by printers contributing
a small sum of ntoney each month. It
is in no sense a charitable (institution,
for its Inmates have done their share
toward paying the cost. At the dedica
tion of the home on May 12, 1892, the
officials of the organization were assist
ed by Senator Jacob H. Galllnger, Gov
ernor Routt of Colorado and George
W. Childs of Philadelphia., The latter
and A. J. Drexel contributed $10,000 to
show their interest in the printing
craft and the principles underlying the
trade union movement.
In all trades the unipn, as an institu
tion, has had a beneficial effect. Hours
have been shortened and wages in
creased. Prison labor in open competi
tion with free labor has been opposed.
Legislation to protect the interests trf
the toller3 and to place all possible
safeguards around dangerous occupa
tions has always had the influence of
trade unionism behind it. Many laws
of this character have been Initiated
by the organized bodies of workers and
the results have proved beneficial tt/
mankind. The union stands for well
ventilated factories and sanitary condi
tions. Child labor is discouraged.
Sweatshops are opposed. » Dangerous
machinery is objected to unless proper
efforts are made to protect life. Em
ployes may now recover damages for
injuries occasioned by the criminal
neglect of employers. Compulsory edu
cation is favored. Many civic move
ments are supported by the trade
unions because the latter and good citi
zenship are synonymous terms.
The non-unionist enjoys most of the
results attained by organization with
out participation in the force that made
possible the improvement. The mer
chant and storekeeper are benefited by
the larger circulation of money secured
through the medium of the trade union
and the public generally is the gainer.
There is a phase of trade unionism
rarely referred to in the maze of words
published on the subject. It is becom
ing common for unions to lend a help
ing hand to their members in time of
sickness and distress. Death benefits
are a recognized part of the machinery
of .the present day organization. Many
a man's family has been relieved of
financial embarrassment at the time
the final debt of nature Is paid. Again,
some unions provide out r of- work funds
for their unfortunate members. This
is in marked contrast to the method
of discharging men for the crime of
appearing on this mundane sphere
thirty-five or forty years ago. The
home for aged and invalid trade union
ists may be considered a civilizing fac
tor.
The trade union is responsible for
many workers securing sleeping and
living quarters away from objection
able surroundings. The undertaker's
assistant or the milkman could testify
to the efficacy. of his organization in
this resDtct. Certainly healthy condi
tions tend to elevate. At one time the
individual knew" that protest wouXd be
unavailing. Hy ' combining 'with his
fellows he. has secured what is right
fully his. -
ters who infest seaports. Now he is
protected by his union. 'and the Fed
eral Government. The! latter secured
for him fair hours and wages, and the
laws guarding his interests . are * the
product of thersame source.
The trade union stands for one day'B
rest In seven. Before becoming a civ
ilized factor many , occupations re
quired a full week's work from the
employes. .The retail clerks have util
ized combination to frown on the Sun
day open shop and late hours through
five /days of the . week. The. majority
of employers co-operate with them in
these particulars. The shopkeeper who
"runs his own business" has a strong
tendency to run other people's as well
— employers and employes. Modern
conditions are too complex to allow
that -this method of argument is rea
sonable. The trade union is in a meas
ure responsible for the fruition of the
eld taw — "six days shalt thou labor."
The facilities afforded the thousands
benefited by the early-closing agitation
to .participate In the duties of civic
life and the pleasures of home cannot
be overestimated. And the organized
efforts -along these- lines benefit those
who criticize and hold aloof, and yet
are ever /willing to share in the gains.
Public interest is conserved by the
shortening of hours and the safeguards
thrown around the drug business. To
permit men to prepare prescriptions
containing deadly potions without rea
sonable relaxation is to invite danger
to the sick.
Tee trade union has made of the
railor a can, A few years ago he
could not understand the meaning of
the word "freeman." Imprisonment
stared him In the face should he leave
the ship in port. The authorities saw
to it that he sailed once the promise
was given. His wages were garnisheed
on the slightest pretext. He was the
prey of the crimps and shipping mas-
The trade union is an Important fac
tor in MFsisting the women to improved
conditions. '"Equal pay for equal
work" has long been the slogan of
those trades and callings shared be
tween the sexes. The injustice of tak
ing advantage of the weak simply be
cause of the want of strength is ap
parent to all fair-minded persons. The
occupations followed by women ex
clusively have had unreasonable hours
reduced, wages increased and sanitary
conditions instituted. Factory acts
and legislation designed to wage war
on abuses of greed and neglect have
had an earnest advocate in the labor
movement. Oftentimes the latter has
fathered, and championed laws to help
those unable by force of circumstances
to help themselves.
The trade union is erer vigilant in
opposition to child labor. This appall
ing system of making money at the
expense of sapping the life blood of
members of the coming generation is a
source of regret and wonder — not only
to our own citizens, but also to in
vestigators from foreign lands. Lack
of education is a menace to any coun
try. Stunting of physique degrades a
people. Children of tender years are
employed in mines, factories and shops.
Occasionally the exigency of circum
stances Impels parents to add to the
family income, but the duty of the
Mate is imperative- Laws remedying
this condition of affairs are lobbied
cgainst by interests not exactly im
personal or patriotic and their defeat
Is sometimes encompassed by illegiti
mate means. The glass workers' or
ganization of Minetola. in Southern
New Jersey, has taken seventy-flve
children from the unhealthy work of
the glass factories and sent them to
school, at the fame time paying the
email salaries they were accustomed to.
In one of the Southern States a typo
graphical union is paying for the edu
cation of future citizens of this republic
who were a few months. ago employed
in a mine — shut out from the sunlight,
from the pleasures of childhood and
from the opportunities that have an
upward, trend. Of the disinterested
ness of those associated with' the labor
movement in preserving the children of
both sexes other instances might be
named did space permit. Suffice It to
say that the trade unionist stands, with
those forces that have, for their object
the elevation and not tfie degradation
of childhood. •
form movements have one or more
individuals responsible for their, ex
istence, it is the concentration of pur
pose added to number* that wins. The
modern trade union has been criticized,
justly and unjustly, but its underlying
principles are founded on the doctrine
of the greatest good to the greatest
number, and the laudable desire to
remedy conditions at times intolerable
and always capable of improvement.
The labor movement sometimes needs
to be saved from its friends. Restric
tion oi^ membership, high initiation
fees, the false idea that men have not
an e<iual right to live and work, with
here and there an organization refusing
them admittance, and other abuses
that might be named, are recognized by
the student of the questions of the day
as wrong. We might as well be can
did. It pays, even though tt may not
always be popular. But recognizing
shortcomings— and what individual or
organization is without them?— the ef
fort to pull down the structure of
trade unionism instead of helping to
remedy its defects, calls for a dispas
sionate review of the results attained
by combination.
The trade union Is the mortal enemy
of the sweatshop and the tenement
house. It aims not merely to improve
the working conditions and enable the
worker to participate in the disposal of
his sole capital, but goes beyond by
improving the physical condition of the
men of the tenement districts, placing
the 'women in the home and the children
in the school. There was no thought
of abolishing the sweatshop until the
garment workers were organized.
IT 's now a recognized axiom that
all successful effort comes as the
result of organization. While re-
THE TRADE UNION
AS A CIVILIZING
FACTOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.THE SAN FRANCiSCp SUNDAY CALL).Continued on Next Pace.
ism are las 'applicable to consumption
as to. production; they, are trying to
Influence the demand for the finished
product, as well as the conditions un
der which it Is made. They hone to
do this by. means of the union label.
In the recently published, prize essay
on the subject -Macarthur says: "The
union label enlists and arms iri labor's
cause those elements which determine
the issue of every * cause in civilized
society, namely, the women and chil
dren. • . ,- :' ' '¦¦'.'.
"The instincts of woman and the
interests of labor are conjoined in the
union label." ¦ B.oth "stand for cleanli
ness, morality, the care of the young,
ithe sanctity of the i home; both stand
against strife " and I force. The union
label makes woman the strongest, as
she is the 'gentlest of God's creatures."
-In many places there are -women's
union label leagues organized to pro
mote the demand for *; union-made
goods. r Their '.-work has not only re*
celved the ' hearty, indorsement of the
American Federation of Labor but the
national organizers have been instruct
ed" to =give <¦ special' attention- to 'this
effort; to enlist the' active co-operation
of the : women. •¦¦ - . . , .:.
Whlle-we cannot claim that the at
titude of the American tracfe unionist
toward women-'- i* chivalrous. In the
older." sense. of ,the, word, yet -it is fair
to - assert - that the - complete • equality
conceded will result . in; a ¦. far saner re
lationship of mutual -.assistance and
protection. - This Is, '. after. * all, ; more
worthy of respect, as it demandstloy
alty; courage and perseverance on the
part: of both men- and women. "What
the ; women - lose - of , ease -"and - romance
they gain 'in character and self-respect."
Where is the woman who would not
gladly' exchange the empty, worship of
the past for the real companionship of
the. present, with. Its sharing of life's
problems, and struggles! . .»;,
One has only to look over the records
of Ithe' American Federation of Labor
to realize, that the labor organizations
are' unqualified in. their condemnation
of child labor- Over ten years ago
pTestdent / Gompe*TB declared "the dam
nable system which permits young and
innocent children to have their very
lives worked out of them in factories,
mills; workshops and stores is one of
the very worst of labor, grievances, one
which the trade unions have protested
against for years; and In the reforma
tion of which we shall never cease our
agitation until we have rescued them
and placed them where they should
be. in : the Schoolroom and the play
ground.** .. Since then the president and
delegates have repeated and Indorsed
these' sentiments so often that they are
now looked upon as axiomatic, the last
committee on the! president's report re
marking, "that the child belongs in the
school and on the playground Instead
of- in* the workshop "and 1 factory is as
well known and recognized by those
not blinded by personal Interests as is
the multiplication table." ' j,.;-.-. •,-•-,.•
That the efforts .of- the federation
h&.ve not been confined to resolutions
is shown - by. President Gompers' re
port in 19Q2. He says: "We have
had representatives in- nearly every
Station" which' no "law of this char
acter obtained. Both by their work
and" that of our organizers and offi
cers - a sentiment of the' people has
been aroused that bids fair to result
English trades unionists with the. ex
ception, of the Lancashire weavers
have been far. more reluctant about ad
mitting women to their unions than the
American.' . . • ..,' ,
That in this, as in coeducation, the
influence of the" Western States- of the
Union has-been potent is suggested by
the fact that in "1870 the Granger asso
ciations of Western, farmers announced
that' no grange should be organized or
exist without; women .as members, as
well as by the: large; number and full
recognition of '-¦ women trade unionists
in both Chicago and San Francisco.
:'-'. While women -have; been [ admitted
to membership in the older, more con
servative men's , unions for over twen
ty years, ' their greatest advance- In
numbers and Influence has been dur
ing 'thVlast ten years.' To-day women
not only sit as members in the central
labor unions ,of the great ; cities, ¦ but
'also exercise '.'the full rights - of- dele
gates in the ."American Federation of
Labor} They' have not received such
recognition -in any/other national or
'ganization of men.'
That -this great central body -has
complete faith-in a wise use of,what
ever i power they i may help put into
the hands of women is proven by the
adoption of the .following resolution
in favor -of \ woman's suffrage, ; which'
was introduced by. Vice 'President
Duncan at-the.1903 meeting:l5S£j
"Resolved. That" the best - interests
of labor reculre the admission : of
women to full citizenship as a matter
. of Justice »to i them • and 'as a necessa ry .
step^ toward; insuring; and raising the
scale of ••wages ; for. rail." .-.*: '• ---'--
The, labor:- organizations ., have dis
covered :. that' the • principles , of union-
Aside from this inherited incapacity
for organization, women have- been
deterred from any systematic and-per
sistent effort to better their condition
as workers by the feeling that their
employment was but a temporary ex
pedient, from which they would be
released by marriage. While, this
must continue to be true of a large
number of women workers, still as a.
class there can be no question of the
permanence of their position In the
industrial world or of the necessity
of developing the higher altruism"
which shall prompt temporary work
ers to guard the interests of less for
tunate, sisters, whose lives depend en
tirely on their conditions of work.
Notwithstanding these drawbacks to
organization on the part of the women,
their influence has not been | entirely
wanting in the v organizations of the
past. They were admitted on equal
terms with the men in the old English
crafts guilds;' and seem to have received
full recognition, both in the control. of
the affairs of the guild and in the con
sumption of ale.
"Women's unions were not unknown in
the early annals of English trades un
ionism. We hear, of them as early as
1833. To quote from history by Sydney
and, Beatrice Webb: "Nor were the
women neglected. The Grand Lodge of
Operative Bonnet Makers vies in activ
ity with the miscellaneous Grand Lodge
of the Women of Great Britain and Ire
land, and the Lodge- of. Female Tailors
asks indignantly whether the Tailors'
Order is really going to prohibit wom
en from making, waistcoats. 'Whether
the Grand National ' Consolidated
Trades : Union was responsible for the
lodges: of Female Gardeners and An
cient Virgins, who afterward distin
guished ; themselves .In _, the "riotous de
mand for an eight-hour day at Oldham,
is not' clear."
While we find these accounts of a.
somewhat fitful early activity on the
part of women's organizations, vet the
unionisjn applicable to men and women
alike. . , , y i
The men .have no -voice in the con
tract of labor which the women work
ers may make. It would be folly for
them to assume .the entire responsibil
ity, for their protection, even if . they
were able to Jlo ?o. Instead, the women
are allowed to become members of the
unions, on equal terms with the men
and must learn the same lessens of
mutual assistance and support. In no
other. American institution do women
receive stri - justice and equality
than Is given them In the labor organ
izations. The continuation of this pol
icy is insured by the fact that it is due
as much to economic necessity and the
nature and alms of trade unionism as
to sentiment.
Many causes have combined to
make it difficult for women to take
the first step toward organization.
While, as Professor Mason has shown,
they have fostered the. industrial arts
since the dawn of civilization, they
have worked in the isolation of the
family unit. As this writer says, "In
co-operation .women have always been
weak. There are few duties that they
have In common. Even? as beasts ' of
burden they seldom' worked In pairs."
Nor was this lack of industrial com
bination . replaced by any , other form
of! combination . through ".which . they
might gain social consciousness or a
realization of the power of -united ac
tion. . Nowadays the -women seem' to.
be making up for lost time in the way
of organization. Possibly the vast
number of women's, clubs have an-
otherihan'the and social'sig
nificance -which they claim. They
may be important factors In social
evolution, in that they help develop
the ; deficient social . consciousness '_• In
women and prepare them' for - the
share-in our highly organized Indus-'
trial and political life which all the
present tendencies seem to make in
evitable.
'¦•
FIVE minion American iromea
and children are leorklnr la
gaisfd occupations. Three mil
lion cf these labor outside the
home. These women workers aro
hacfileajsped by their physical weak
cess and unaccsstosaed, environment.
Tet they have entered our sharply com
petitive industrial system, and must
often tike up single-handed a strug
gle tor existence in which the warfare
is co less sharp because the weapons
are the tools of manufacture and the
stake the supply 'or failure " of their
daily bread.
The fact that $ they have been ahle
to do t*is without loss of virtue, and
with an increasing degree of justice "
from the men who. are,., their competi
tors and employers proves chivalry to
be something more than & beautiful
dream of the past. \ That which the
plumed and armored knights often
treated as a mere • sentimental mas
querade has sunk deep into the heart
of the common man, and in his sim
plicity and sincerity may yet give
deeper meaning to the knightly vows of
protection to womanhood and to the
weaker members of society.
The great army of men represented
by the American Federation of Labor
are pledged, to, the fulfillment of these
vows, not J«3ply by the .ties which the
huiriiiTi .heart holds- most sacred, but
by the fundamental principle underly
ing the organizations,- and the stern
economical necessity that gives persist
ence and force to all their efforts.
Whose little ones gather the spools
and wat<fh the endless threads of the
cotton mlUs. or run t«« and fro'on the
countless errands of the great stores?
These are not. the carefully protected
children of .the capitalist • or profes
sional man. The frail young girl who
stands long hours behind the; counter
or sacrifices health and eyesieat- in
some basement' work room .is- "the
daughter' and sweetheart of a wage
worker. In proportion as the condi
tions surrounding the working man's
life become less brutalizing, his finer
human sentiments urge him to insist
on the protection of those bound to
him by the tenderest of human ties.
The labor organisations are not only
pledged to the protection of women
and children workers by these most
primitive and potent of human ties,
but by ideals that give deeper mean
ing to the movement. These teach that
the Interests of one are the interests of
all; that the weaker members must be
protected and assisted by the mainte
nance of a rood standard of living, and
that the selfish present advantage
must give way to the larger future
welfare of craft and class.
Economists assure us that wages are
largely determined *by the standard of
comfort . thnanded. by the workers.
The high standard of the American
workman is threatened, not alone by
the competition of foreigners, unable
to adopt it. but also by the more In
sidious inroads due to child labor., or
to some forms cf female 'competition.
How is a child whose immature mind
and body have been stunted .by the
deadening round of machine tending to
learn i>ride of race or attain the manly
vigor necessary to claim and defend
the privilege of his class? Occasion
ally one of exceptional strength may
overcome the difficulties of his youth,
but the majority grow up to reinforce
that class of "incompetents, mentally,
morally and physically, who prove
heavy burdens within the unions, or
without them menace their ' fellow
workmen more seriously by. their short
sighted' readiness to accept the lower
standard acalr.Et which the unions are
struggling.
Dr. Englemann. in a recent investi
gation of the health of women of the
professional and working classes, finds
that v.'or.ea who have undergone the
severe mental training necessary for a
professional career suffer much less
from the ills peculiar to women than
the working girls, with their long hours
of standing and confinement. Direct
observers, like the Van Vorsts. lay
great emphasis on- the universally un- '
sanitary conditions under which
woaien work, and the resulting preva
lence of m anaemic and distorted
physiques. These women will be the
mothers of the next generation of
American workmen. The most ef
fective and far-reaching efforts to pro
mote class and national welfare will
begin with their protection.
Amons the laws enacted in this coun
try for the protection of women are
those limiting the number of hours of
work per week that may be required
of women, laws compelling employers
to furnish seats for the use of female
employes and laws prohibiting night
v ork. Several European countries have
laws regulating the- employment of
married women, particularly those with
young children. These laws have not
always been backed by the labor
unions and by no means express fully
their policy in dealing with women'
workers.
In the dosing paragraphs of an ar
ticle recently published in The Annals
of the American Academy of Political
and Social Science, Walter Macarthur
cays:
"The attitude of the American trade
unionist is that of appeal* to .the spirit
of independence and to a realization of
the truth that the workers are them
selves the sole repository of power to
better their lot. The solemn lesson of
history, to-day, and every, day of our
lives, is that the workers must depend
npon themselves for the Improvement
of the condition* cf labor."
This Is' the stern doctrine of trade
in the adoption at no distant day o£
svch -beneficent measures - .in all th«
States , of the Union." •Largely as *;
result of . this activity of .the labor.
uniajjs, . ihild labor laws ha^ b*ea
exacted during the last ttrk years in,
no less than thirty-two States of th«
Uvion- 'In the majority of these States
14 years is adopted a.» the age when
children may go to work. In many
of them this age restriction Is coupled
¦with educational requirements which;
prevent illiterate children working un« •
til they are It. or even IS tyears old./
Nearly all these States limlt'the nnm-!
ber.of hours of labor per week which .
may be required of minors. Som« ;
also prohibit night work. as well as 1
certain occupations considered physic
ally or morally injurious. \*
"While these successes are
ing they by no means leaTe nothing"
for future effort The last census
shows nearly two million children be
tween 10 and 14 years of age out of
school. Some of the great ; industrial ,>
nations of Europe are far*.ahead of.
us ¦ in their legislation insuring tha
development of vigorous and intelli
gent citizens. In the German empire
a child cannot enter the faptory un
der the age of 15. while Switzerland
cot only has a 16-year limit, but also
pensions school children" who have no ;
means of support- : '-.
It is doubtful whether this - countrr
is ready for such radical ' measures.
We have not yet educated public optn- .
Ion to the full support of the existing
laws. 1 This educational work need not
be conftn-d to the employers pf chil
dren. Carroll D. W right, after years
The Sunday Call Magazine
BOW ORGANIZED
LABOR
PROTECTS
THE WORKING
WOMEN AND
CHILDREN<ot investigation, makes this : bold as- 1
!sertion: "The employment of , chil
\ dren is an evil ,whiehvhas*b£gri; stim
| ulated as much by the action . of v pa- 5
| rents as by mill owners."' -That these'
[parents are not aH'in-jth,e ranks pi iin-,
i organized labor, Is shown "by the reve
!lations*"of the great'coal strike.**'. The /
[ members of , the "junior unions," ..many
»of whom were working below, the le
[g'al , age, learned* ..loyalty to ...union
t principles in their cradles. The '.little
[girls who work in the mills, that dot
[the anthracite ijeglon cpme from' tlae
>homes of organized "labor. ' '
.In all history* there hasibeen no
more stupendous work of popular-ed
ucation than that .which hcWsfbeen'Uttr,
dertaken by the labor ¦< unions. Inr
."vestigators repeatedly expressed 'their '
astonishment , tb. at the ignorant . for
eigners who V Had come ; « to ?• take v' the :
place of earlier Pennsylvania miners
had been' so "quickly edticatea" ' to- an *
appreciation of the American stand
ards and taught courag^and --persist.-
ence in, defense of their rights. The
lessons, of" American uninonlsm will
not be complete until the miners have
learned to unite for the protection of
these little ones,, "whose lives have
been darkened by the shadows of '.the
coal.heaps."
. Here 'in California the foreign ele
ment .of otir ; population .furnishes ..the
most flagrant cases. of violation of the
chllcV laboT laws.' With the exception
of the children in the Southern cot
ton "..mlllar'tnis, is also true of'*other
parts of the' United States. , The task
ofVeducating, these, foreigners to the
standards of .the/ American trade
unionists will be lightened in propor
tion to the extent to which the com
mon , schools are enabled to do their
work." % . ¦"„ .
,;. We know of a number, of Instances, In
San Francisco where v children have
'dropped, out .> of school not from, any
economic. necessity, .but simply because
pf ,a ;chiia"ish enjoyment of the greater
excitement and variety of business;llfe
1 and 'of- a.' desire to earn spending, money.
In such "cases parents , must . learn to
feel a keener sense. of responsibility, for
the, child's future.- Every year the com-'
petition In AmericanVindustrial life be-!
comes more strenuous. In the future
not alone the prizes of life, but the bare
comforts, will be won only by the in
telligent. ¦•'•
Two years ago the whole country was
touched by the beautiful object lesson
given by one of the Southern typo
graphical unions, which adopted a little
girl who had been forced into a cotton
mill'atan early age. A sum equal to
her wage was, paid to her family and
provision was made for her support
and .education. The records -6f theSa/n
Francisco, unions show more than. one
instance of little -fatherless wards of
the, unions.. By such actions as these,
as well as by systematic efforts to se
cure and enforce child labor laws and
to. educate the rank and file up to the*
high standards of their leaders, the un
ions hope in the, end to bring to every
American child his birthright of a hap
py, care-freo : childhood, in which to at
tain this mental, moral and physical de
velopment that, will .enable, him to ful
fill worthily the duties and responsibili
ties of American citizenship. ; ...
Contlnued From Preceding Page.
Its purpose; and
if, on the other
hand, the demand
be reasonable and
Just the • public
sense ' of • justice
will and should
approve it.
The boycott has
been condemned
by courts of great
learning, dignity,
fairness and ab
solute integrity,
but , in all such
cases the . con
been based upon
demnation has
illegality In the
manner ... of con
ducting the boy
cott on in the in
cidental develop
ment of
or , menaces of
violence In some
way connected
therewith. Nor
does the legality
of the boycott de-
HOW ORGANIZED LABOR
PROTECTS WOMEN AND CHILDREN
ganized labor it is the proper subject
of condemnation whenever it is used
unjustly or for an Improper purpose
or In an Improper manner; but it is not
to be condemned and put aside upon
th«»- ground that it is un-American.
Indeed the American revolution may
be said. to have originated In the boy
cott instituted in New England against
British merchandise subject to -the
stamp tax. The refusal of the colonial
dames to buy English clothing and
taxed tea was a boycott, but- the act
of raiding a merchant ship and-throw
ing its cargo of tea • overboard was a
thing entirely distinct from (he boy
i-ott. The boycott began and ended'
with the refusal to purchase i the •
stamped commodities and the organ-'
ized appeal to all colonists to refrain
from purchasing or using them. ':- _ '.
The boycott, in its effective form,
namely, as a peaceful and respectful*
appeal to the public to "discontinue
patronizing those whose course x>t. busi
ness and treatment or labor is consld- ..,
ered to be unfair and oppressive, is«
absolutely and unquestionably legal
and conforms perfectly -to every mon*l
principle V h i c h ,
should govern the
conduct of . men.
If the demand
sought' to be eri
' forced be unrea- !
son able ¦ public
sentiment will
condemn the boy
rntt. and defeat
pend at all upon the -^irpose . or
end sought to be accomplished* by it.
Temperance people have' a perfect legal
right to unite' in withdrawing their
.patronage f ronj all persons engaged In
.the sale of Intoxicating, liquors, and, if
they l brfodse, they have an equal right
in ee'ricert to agree-to withdraw their
¦patronage from all persons who patron
ize, the sellers of intoxicating liquors,
and they ¦ have a right to request all
' members of the community - to ¦¦' join
them in so boycotting' the liquor sellers
arid' their • patrons. The liquor aellers,
I on the other hand, have the same legal
right to act 'In concert'in withdrawing
.their patronage from all temperance
people \ and; ;* fronv. all who, patronize
those who favor abstinence from the
use of intoxicating liquors. The gam
blers have; a perfect legal right peace
fully and ; respectfully toVagree among
themselves not to patronize those who
are opposed to the practice of that vice,
and *to appeal to the.;" community" . to
withdraw their patronage from such
persons. If' the . moral sens,e; of the
community be opposed to the sale and
use of intoxicating Hquors 'the
temperance boycott will be sus
tained and, liquor selling- will
be limited to such places as are visited
and patronized by liquor drinkers only/
If the sentiment of the cdmrriunlty be
against the enforcement of abstinence
from liquor, In that way the boycott
will fall. So In the other case: if public
sentiment favors gambling, to the exr
tent' of condemning those who' do not
believe in and support it, the, gamblers'
boycott would" prove effective; other
wise it would' fail. But in all these
cases the boycott in favor of a bad pur
pose is just as legal as the boycott in
favor of a good purpose, and is to be
upheld "or. condemned only according
to the merit and expediency of its pur-
Rose. ,
'.'The proper use of the boycott can
not be successfully attacked upon- any
ground, legal or moral. The continued
effectiveness of
the boycott and
the-, .assurance
s gainst reaction
ary • effects de
pend therefore j
upon a thorough
understanding of
the legitimate
scope of that
measure. The
rules of practice
in tlte case are
well . established
and need only be
cited to suggest at
once the errors,
actual or^contem
plated, in any
given easy? •
'"In considering
these rules it is
important to bear
in mind that the
boycott is first and
last an appeal
to the nubile, spe
cifically to the
purchasing pub
lic. In so far aa
the organized
workers are in
cluded amon^; the
public, the bt/ycott
is an appeal to
them as purchas;
ers, not as work
ers. With this un
derstanding of the
nature of the- boy-
Labor organizations have with a fre
quency that has" been discouraging to
friends of organized labor, and no doubt
discouraging to its own best inforrned
leaders, engaged in ' boycotts which
could' not be given the sanction of pub
lic approval, and have too frequently
permitted violence, menaces of violence
and boisterous conduct in connection
with their boycotts to alienate public
sympathy and to arouse a conscious
and implacable resentment and hostil
ity in the public mind. A recognition of
this very Important fact in connection
with the labor, movement and struggle
is to be found in the writings of many
of its leaders, one' of whom In a mas
terly article recently published on this
subject says:,
"It behooves the labor movement of
the United States to be on guard lest
the loose and reckless application of the
boycott shall lead to the expurgation of
that Institution as a fact of history,
the rewriting of. which may cost the
labor movement many a day of toil and
sorrow. . >
The name "boycott" originated in an
incident of the Irish Land League
struggle, in which a Captain Boycott
particularly antagonized the purposes
of the league, and the league and all of
its friends agreed not to deal with the
captain either directly or indirectly, to
simply have nothing to do with him
nor with those who chose to ally them
selves with him. But in that case it
was the mere application- of the: old
principle of ostracism applied to those
whose conduct was contrary, to the
public sense of propriety or justice or
morality or patriotism.
As a weapon in the hands of or-
It is said that the boycott Is un-
American. This cannot be truly, said
of the boycott in any general sense, be
cause the. principle of the boycott is
as old and as universal as civilization
itself. It has been used in all ages
by churches and governments and- by
social, commercial and political organ
izations for the purpose of enforcing
their ideas of religion, morality, pat
riotism. Justice, moral virtues and so
cial order. For example, boycotts have
been Instituted and successfully main
tained in select neighborhoods and
localities a gains* grocers maintaining
saloons in connection with their stores,
against gambling and against various
forms of vice and irregularity of con
duct in social affairs.
The public conscience, which, when
quickened by sympathy for a Just
cause, is an all-conquering force, is im
placable in its resentment when
aroused by a sense of imposition. As
organized labor finds its surest depend
ence in public support of a boycott
that is approved by conscience, so it
finds its surest condemnation in Dublic
opposition to a boycott which is unjust
in itself, or which Is prosecuted "by un
just means.
The fierce assaults made upon the
boycott in general by the opponents of
organized labor are Inspired by a
knowledge of the public temper toward
any appeal upon false grounds, and the
hope that by determined opposition to
the boycott the public will be forced
to discriminate more keenly than here
tofore as between the merits of the
various appeals to its support Under
lying this policy there is also the hope
that the public, once arrested by ap
peal to its prejudice and its pride, may
find in the general practice of the boy
cott sufficient evidence of impropriety
to compel a review of Its whole attitude
toward that institution. That some
organizations are by no means free
from error In their manner of prosecut
ing the boycott is a fact that cannot
safely be Ignored by organized labor. .
The boycott must be distinguished
in all eases fnom the incidents which
accompany It and also from " the con
ditions in connection with which it is
generally resorted to. For example, a
boycott may occur simultaneously with
a labor strike or with a lockout of
laborers by an employer or by concert,
of action among employers, but in all
such cases the strike or lockout may
exist in its completeness without a boy
cott. So, It has been observed that
boycotts are frequently accompanied
by rioting, physical violence and
abusive epithets on. *the part either
of the boycotters or of sympathizers,
or of those who merely take advantage
of the occasion to create trouble and
disturbance. But the boycott Itself is
an absolutely peaceful appeal to the
public sentiment and the public con
science by'the persons invoking it, and
its effectiveness as a means or weapon
for accomplishing the end sought is al
ways lessened and weakened by every
incidental act or threat or menace of
violence. The appeal of the boycotter
to the public must be absolutely peace
ful and absolutely respectful In order
to be effective, because every departure
from that rule creates resentment in
the public mind and turns the- very
power to which the boycotter appeals
against him. . : 7 **;
In the great conflict between capital
and labor the boycott. Justly applied j
and rightfully exercised, has been
found to be one of organized Kbor's
most effective weapons; but unjustly
applied or wrongly exercised' it has
been found to be organized •'• labor's
greatest menace. It is the worst kind
of folly to inaugurate. a boycott which
docs r.ot in its substance, occasion and
purpose appeal to the public conscience,
the public sense of justice and to. the
common sense of the people, otherwise
the people receive it with tllsfavor and
it causes a revulsion -of public senti
ment and reacts injuriously upon the
labor movement.
£""r«*HE consideration which I have
I jriven to the boycott has related
I almost entirely to ' its legality
I and morality in the abstract, and,
., not particularly to the propriety
or effectiveness of its use in particular
».i5cs. It may be denned as a method
of bringing social and commercial
pressure to bear upon- those against
whom It is used for the purpose of in
ducing or compelling a change In their
attitude toward the boycotters. It is
always a means and not an end, and
it may therafore be either good or bad,
according to the end sought to be ac
complished. A boycott in favor of an «
object essentially and universally Rood
is necessarily good in Itself, while a
boycott in favor of a bad end is essen
tially bad. Between these two extremes
there is a great class^of purposes which
are relatively geod or bad, or which
are good for tome classes of people and
bad for others, the promotion of which
l.y the boycott may be justifiable or un
justifiable, according to the proportion
of jrood or evil which would result.
Such Organized appeals to the pub
lic may and most frequently do involve
Injustice and oppression on either
side. When capital is in the ascend
ency It is -prone to oppress labor, not
for the purpose of oppression, but for
its own profit. When organized labor
Is in the ascendency It Is also in
clined to make extreme and unjust
demands, not merely for the oppres
sion of erftployers, but for its own
gain and advantage. The Just equi
librium must be reached by the pres
sure of public sentiment upon both of
the great contending forces and in or
der that that public sentiment may
operate quickly and effectively to es
tablish a reign of justice and to pre
vent *"the alternating periods of op
pression by employers, and by organ
ized 'laborers. . each should be encour
aged to make Its appeal peacefully
and respectfully to the public con
science, the public sense of justice and
to the ultimate tribunal of popular
common sense. It should be remem
bered that while organized labor often
does Injustice, it Is not organized for
the purpose of doing injustice, but
for the purpose of securing justice to
the classes of the civilized world who
have heretofore been most oppressed.
Human society is in the throes of
an industrial crisis, which may be
compared to fermentation. That fer
mentation necessarily Involves .pres
sure and. hardship, but In Its natural
process we know that purification and
better conditions will Inevitably re
sult. We should therefore, while en
deavoring as much as possible to min
imize evil results of ita mistaken pol
icies and acts, encourage and promote
its general purpose.
AM the mlshty fermentation
Till ft surtties at last. *
And the future -of the p«O'>le ¦
- la made brighter than the paat. " . "
"In essence the sympathetic strike is
i demonstration of sympathy, as con
tradfstlriguished from an act of sub
stantial aid. The real principle of the
sympathetic strike may be best defined
by the adage: 'Misery loves company-'
In the case of the boycott the rule Is
precisely the same. By continuing at
work, notwithstanding he may be
handling a boycotted article, the trade
unionist is enabled to render material
assistance to those immediately con
cerned; whereas by quitting work he
merely adds his own weight to the bur
den of his fellows.
"Another established rule for the
prosecution of the boycott i3 that it
shall not be levied upon the product
of union labor, notwithstanding the
employer of" such labor may be em
ploying non-union- labor in- other con
nections. .The boycott should not be
used against an entire establishment
as a means of affecting the sales of one
or more' articles contained In the, stock
In trade. The boycott should not be
placed upon a company against any of
the partners in which there is no com
plaint for the purpose of affecting one
01 more partners who may have fallen
under the ban because of dealings in
another business. Finally, the boy
cott should be applied only to articles
of public use and upon .the disposal of
which the public can exercise a de
termining influence."
Being in the abstract neither illegal
nor immoral, the boycott Is to be ad
judged and dealt with according to the
particular purpose and manner of ap
plication In each case in which it is
resorted to. Force, .violence and men
aces of force or violence, whether used
in connection with the boycott or in
dependently of It, whether, resorted to
by labor unions or by employers, should
always be ! strictly forbidden by law
and rigorously suppressed by the im
partial enforcement of such laws, but
tne 'appeal to reason, to sympathy and
to the moral support of the community,
In favor of laborers In general or par
ticular classes of labor or particular
laborers,, whether ,, belonging to the
union or not belonging to the union,
should always be encouraged and fairly
considered by every community as be
ing the best possible process of bring
ing the public conscience to bear In
regulating and determining the mutual
relations and obligations of all mem
bers of our oompllcated society to each
other in their industrial and com
mercial . relations.
"A boycott so conducted as to in
volve any stoppage of labor becomes
In effect a sympathetic strike. In both
cases the principle is the same; conse
quently in both cases the same objec
tions apply. The principle, or rather
assumption, of .the sympathetic strike
is tUat the stoppage of work i3 of
necessity the most effective means by
which one body of workers can render
aid to another. The objection to the
sympathetic strike rests primarily upon
the self-evident wisdom of confining
the area of a given, strike within the
smallest possible compass. By follow
ing the latter course the workers are
enabled to render financial assistance
to their fellows on strike; whereas by
going on strike themselves they not
ohly absorb their own reserve funds,
but shortly become claimants of sym
pathy | from other bodies of workers.
Thus the area of the sympathetic strike
enlarges by an inevitable rule of pro
gression.
cott the dividing line between that
measure and the strike becomes ob
vious. The firgt rule in the case is that
the boycott' shall be carried so far, and
only so far, as the purchasing power
extends. Stated conversely, the boy
cott should riot be carried beyond the
line of the purchasing power and into
the sphere of the producing power, so
as to require not only a 'refusal to pur
chase a certain commodity, but also a
refusal to perform labor indirectly or
casually associated with its production
or distribution.
"Unless this distinction be drawn It
is inevitable that there can be no stop
ping place between the boycott and the
sympathetic strike; The justification,
and, indeed, the imperative necessity,
of the rule here cited will be apparent
upon reflecting that a boycott prose
cuted without regard to that rule would
involve untold numbers of workers in
callings more or Ies3 distinct and un
connected. Such a boycott, so far from
being an appeal for public support
against a certain employer, would be
merely an appeal to the labor move
ment to commit wholesale suicide.
THE BOYCOTT
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.Silent, tine beat ofamother's Heart's prayer-
Silent, she gazes on her fallen child;
Tears of her anguish the breaking heart, drink's*. .
"Who can reveal what her tlioughtftir mind-tHinKs?
Mother, •forgiving', your prayer shall be heard ;
God in his promises 'has nipt beguiled.
From deep remorse spring their virtues a^ain,
AndperhapsallwUl;beweil? » -^ « ¦'¦?
Hope still remains fer the soul that repents,
And in its sinning feels real penitence.
Grieve, not, dear mother, sKe yet shall- be blessed
With God's rewards if in love's cause she fell.
Be her companion through trial of shame
And she will not soon forget in:return;;; /; . %
Harsh words have thrust into life most despair,
Cast off reform, while through sympathy's care
Many^ a- true heart :has all loss';redeemed; '
All that crave honor .will its r e war & ear n.
Encouragement.
Although always conspicuous
among the % organized crafts of the
State, the printers did not long enjoy
sole honors in the v.urk of onranisa-
In 1S49 an article appeared in the
Boston Guide, announcing the forma
tion in San Francisco of an American
printers' union. This was probably an
allusion to the Pacific Typographical
Society. At this time printers' wages
averaged J2 50 per 1000 ems, as com
pared with the present rate of about
40 cents. Time hands received $12 50
per day, and overtime at the rate of
j: £0 per hour. Even -the office boy,
it is said, received $30 per week. These
njjures represented boom rates, and
Uiey did not last long.
As a result of the downward tend
ency, we find notice of a meeting, held
In U50, by the printing fraternity for
the purpose of devising a plan to es
tablish a general system of time work-
Already the rate of printers' wages
bad "dropped to $2 per 1000 ems. Im
mediately after" the great fire of 1853,
wages fell to the comparatively low
pcint of $1 50 per 1000 ems.
Evidently the latter figure repre
sented what was then regarded as the
"subsistence limit." At this period,
1£51. we note the first strike in the
printing trades, against a reduction
from ;i 50 to $1 25 per 1000 ems,
proposed by the publishers of the Alta
newspaper. A "stay away" notice was
ics-ued by the printers, advising the
members of the craft in the "States" —
that is, Ih the East — to refrain from
coming to California. The strike was
successful, and wages remained, for
the time at least, at the rate of Jl 50
jer 1000 ems.
The Pacilic Typographical Society
vxxs merged into the Eureka Union,
wnich body was chartered by the Na
tlonul Typographical Union in 1855.
In 1872, when the International Typo
graphical Uuion was formed, the title
of- "Old Eureka" was changed and the
union became known as Tj'pograph
ical Union No. 21 of San Francisco,
which designation has since been held
by that body. Thus the local Typo
graphical Union enjoys the distinction
not only of the longest consecutive ex
istence but of being the first trade
union in the State to form a national
and internalional alliance with tbe
craft at larre. ffft]
THE origin of labor organization
in California is contemporan
eous with, if it does not actu
ally antedate, the discovery of
gold. Among the numerous
fragmentary records of that early day
we find suggestions of concerted ac
tion among the printing trades as far
back as 1846. in wfcich year the first
newspaper was issued in the State.
Th£ precarious conditions of jour
nalism at that time are Illustrated by
the fact that in 1848 a half-sheet, is
sued by the California Star, announced
the suspension of publication owing: to
the cry of "gold, gold, gold," which
had lured all hands — printers, sub
scribers, etc. — to the scene of the
"diggins." Prosperity killed it!
the abolition of the prevailing system
of dividing labor into -four or five
classes.', and for the .establishment of
two rates of wages, I. e., $3 and $2 50
per day for first and second class
miners, respectively, and for the aboli
tion of Chinese competition with white
labor. The. result of the miners' strike
is highly suggestive of the saying that
••history, repeats itself." The militia
was called out. and tbe strike was com
promised. A contem;>orary newspaper
report informs us that "the San Fran
cisco militia . companies engaged in
maintaining. the peace and dignity of
the law at Amador are deserving of
credit." From the same source we learn
that the strikers "sained little and lost
much," although they "had the satis
faction of knowing that the mining
companies were placed under heavy
expense." • "
The general conditions-of . the State
«t this. time, were described by the
New York World as a "singular com
bination of circumstances — labor for
ever on a strike, as It were, and' land
held almost in feudalism." This con
dition." according to the World, "is
quite enough to. account for the. de
cadence of California which for some
years past her electoral figures pre
sent."
In 1871a brandi • of the National
Labor Union League was formed. This
body had political ambitions. It in-
tion. The excitement attendant upon
the rush to the gold fields had- hardly
begun to abate when the enormous
immigration of Chinese began to at
tract the attention of the pioneers.
Anti - Chinese.', agitation spread
throughout the • State. Legislative
measures of a. local character were
proposed and evidently with some suc
cess, since we read that *ln March,
1852, a bill. to enforce contracts -to la
bor was defeated upon the represent
ation that it was a measure designed
to facilitate the Importation of cheap
labor from Asia. About this time a
commission was formed for the pur
pose of crystallizing, public sentiment
against the Chinese, which body may
be regarded as the parent of. all the
subsequent agitation which culminat
ed in the Chinese exclusion act of the
present day.
The decade of 1850-60 wascharac
terized by the growth of organization
among the 'various trades and callings,
then established as a result of the de
velopment of industry in the State. An
interesting sidelight, is thrown upon
this phase of the State's growth by
the figures of the United States cen
sus for 1860, which give the profes
sional and industrial callings and the
numbers of persons engaged therein,
as follows: Herdsmen, SOI;»innkeep
ers, 1404; laborers, 25,394; . laun
dresses, 1918; lawyers, 894; lumber
men, 1051; mariners, 3078; masons,
533: merchants. 5087; miners, 82.573;
packers, 673; . painters, 1023; physi
cians, 1122; printers, 621; ranchers,
751; refectory keepers, 1859.
In 1663, immediately after' the publi
cation of these figures of the State's
industries, we find unmistakable evi
dences of further rapid growth in the
existence of a" powerful union of tail
ors. In the same year a strike of tail
ors took place, against the large
amount of fancy work- put upon the
coats of the period. This strike was
successful at. the end of several weeks.
In other respects the Tailors' Union
demonstrated- its -ability, to protect- its
members in the various matters of in
terest to the craft
The first evidences of organization in
the building* trades are found in ' the
records of the House Carpenters' Eight
hour League,', organized -in 1867. This
body was formed, as its name implies,
primarily for the purpose of establish
ing the shorter workday. In this con
nection it is- interesting ; to note that
much of the "spirit of organization"
prevailing among the working classes
of those times was inspired ¦ by 'the
same general purpose, • to wit.; the re
duction of the dally hours of. labor.
The work of the House . Carpenters'
Eight-hour League was not confined,
however, to a single object. From the
newspapers' of the day we learn that
this body met in Dashaway Hall on
July. 12. 1870. and adopted . a resolution
approving ' the course of the Knights
of SU Crispin (presumably the fore
runner of the Boot and. Shoe Workers'
Union of to-day) in opposition to Chi
nese labor. Other measures were acted
upon at this meeting which ' are " of
more than passing interestto the pres
ent generation. • The league expressed
itself upon certain political matters,
decl&rinar that the "on!v hooe for Jus-
At this ...point, we note a marked
change -In the condition of mining, as
illustrated by a strike of miners in
Amador County In 1871. 'The members
of the Miners' Labor League struck for
In 1870 the Workingmen's Protective
Union was formed. This body adopted
resolutions on the subject of Chinese
Immigration; also petitioning the
Southern Pacific Railroad to employ
free white labor.
tice is through the ballot; that individ
uals can be -of little service to; each
other, except by uniting in associations
and fledging ourselves to stand" by and
help in the various efforts. of reform."
Another resolution was adopted con
demnatory of the course of -Messrs.
Canovan, Winkle and Story ln.opposing
the- .appropriation of $250 per month for
the Mechanics* Eight-hour Labor Ex
change, and declaring that the mem
bers would not In the future support
either of these gentlemen for any pub
lic office. • ......
The Clerks' Early Closing Associa
tiph was organized in 1870. At first this
body met with much success. It was
able shortly to report that the mer
chants had determined to abide -by th»j
early • closing • rule. However. the
movement met with a reverse two
years later, due largelv, according to
all available records, to Indifference
and lack of harmony among the clerks
themselves. - .
"I have signed my name to thfs
pledge and thus become a member of
the Eight-Hour League. I do pledge
my'sacred honor thnt when the Me
chanics' State Council shall fix a. time
for nv' -trade to commence working
eight hours a day. I will quit work-
Inn at my trade until my employer
Another organization of this period,
which seems to have. had more prac
tical, if less ambitious, objects, was the
Mechanics' -State Council, formed for
the purpose of. perfecting the eight
hour movement.; All mechanics were
eligible for membership upon signing
the pledge, which read as follows:
The latter gathering was probably
a phase of the politico-labor agitation
that swept over the State in the year
1S72. At' this time a body known as
the **Labor Party of the Pacific Coast"
came Into prominence. A Stete con
vention was held and a platform
adopted, among the . provisions of
which were these: Eight-hour sys
tem of labor: anti-Chinese legislation,
and the "disenthralment of. labor by
the eflualination of the wages of labor
with the income of capital."
dorsed George W. Julien for President
of the United Stat-s. A State conven
tion of the same body, met in June.
1872, but the records at hand do not
show what, if any. action was taken
to further the candidacy of Brother
Julien.
movement had been forced to assume
the defensive.
As a means of rehabilitating the un
ions the reorganization of the central
body was determined upon. According-]
ly in 1S92 the present Labor Council was
established. The history of that body Id
well known to the present generation ofj
readers. Inheriting, as it' did. a rich)
fund of experience', the Labor Council
has sought, and with marked success^
to avoid the causes of failure on the?
part of its predecessors, with the result;
that it 13 to-day probably the most ef>
fectlve central labor body In the United
States. At present there are 122 unions
affiliated with the Labor Council. Thesa
bodies contain a membership of 40.00a
and are represented by. 365 delegates.;
These figures are* of course, exclusive
of the unions unaffillated with the La-j
bor Council, which probably number
100 or more, the membership of which
would bring the total up to 60.000. j
This sketch, being primarily & review
of the early stages of labor organiza
tion in California, ia necessarily con
fined In the main to the records of San
Francisco. A detailed, account of thai
conditions in this respect as they now
exist or as they have existed for say
twenty years past would, of course, in
clude every considerable city and town
in the State. The leading trades in Los
Angeles. Sacramento, Oakland and oth
er localities have been organized for
Snany years. The number of unions In
the leading cities and the total member
ship of organized labor throughout the
State is estimated by the State Bureau
of Labor Statistics as follows: Number
of unions— San Francisco 272, Los An
geles 68. Sacramento .72. Oakland 50;
total number of unions in the State 805.
Total membership of unions in State.
110.000. WlBPSi'
Under the pressure of various circum
stances the strength of organized labor
now began .to decline. The year 1S91
was signalized by the establishment of
the Manufacturers' and Employers' As
sociation, which body waged a vigorous
warfare' u?on: organized labor. In 1893
this body publicly announced, that it
had destroyed every trade union In San
Francisco with one exception, namely.
T,--os:ranhtcnl Union No. 21. This
Halm, althovrh an exaggeration, was
Justified In the sense that the labor
In 1885 a new central body was
formed in. San Francisco under the
name of Federated Trades Council of
the Pacific Coast. A# indicated by Us
title, the new body claimed Jurisdiction ,
throughout the coast territory, a posi
tion which-was Justifledby the then ex
isting condition of labor organization
in the Pacific Coast States. San Fran
cisco was the headquarters of a num
ber, of unions haying branches extend
ing throughout ¦ the locality named.
Among these were the Sailors' and the
Brewery Worker»\ unions. Practically,
therefore, the 'Federated Trades Coun
cil formed, during the first years of its
existence, the sole means of uniting the
widely-, scattered labor bodies of the
coast under one directing head.
. Like Its predecessors, the Federated
Trades Council had its ups and downs.
It. carried on a persistent and • in the
main successful campaign for the ad
vancement and protection of white un
ion labor interests, particularly In the
cigarmaklng and boot and. shoe indus
tries. A notable legislative achievement
due to the work ' of the Federated
Trades more than - to any other body
was the passage of the Australian bal
lot law. In general the Council of Fed
erated Trades exercised a marked influ
ence unon the character of the factory
and other forms of industrial legislation
enacted since the period' of its estab
lishment. In 1888 the council affiliated
with the American Federation . of La
bor, a: relationship which has been
maintained continuously ever since.
shall actept eight hours for a days
work, or until the council shall release
me from this obligation. I will
promptly attend all general meetings
ol the league that may be called by tne
council and will abide by and support
Its rules, regulations and by-laws.
The year 1878 marks the beginning of
the epoch, pf organization and federa
tion upon purely labor lines. It will be
nc-ted that up to this time most of tne
labor bodies were formed as much for
political as for economic purposes. In
the latter year the Representative As
sembly of Trade and Labor Unions was
organized. It was understood and ul
timately declared that no subject of a
political or religious nature should be
discussed or acted upon at th,e meet
ings.
tDuring the ten years preceding the
establishment of this body a number of
crafts had been organized upon dis
tinctively trade union lines, among
which may be mentioned the ironmold
ers. organized in 1869, and the cigar
makers. . organized in 1874., A large
number of these bodies affiliated with
the assembly, which did much effective
trade union work during the few years
of its extstence. .
HISTORY OF ORGANIZED LABOR IN CALIFORNIA
The pedigree of the trunk is thus
recorded here because it soon eluded
me and many years elapsed before I
owned another. Eternal vigilance is
the price of trunks, and likewise
valises, among the poor and foolish.
With the stew in front of me and that
pallid flim-flammer seated In her orig
inal chair, the picture of . unconscious
virtue • and innocence, my first feeling
of fear gave way to indignation border
ing on wrath. Did she take me for a
lobster? Well, I should hope not; but
all the same she had me going for a
while. Whether or no the lady kept a
cook didn't matter three hoots in the
hot place so far as I was concerned. I
never had monkeyed with oysters save
at church sociables at Mudvllle. where
everything was square and aboveboard.
To find that passive bivalve used as a
medium of deceit annoyed and disgust
ed me. And the bold trick of that
brazen Mrs. Bunk bred in my tender
bosom a distrust for the sex which en
dures to this day.
» The oysters were good. " After throw
ing in the warm poultice I produced a
roll fit to choke a canary bird, gave
me -the swish of her starchy skirts
sounded. like splashes of rain against
a window. •
iu society seemed raor; firmly estab
lished when I raised the Hd and looked
at. the Cherub. ;In time a fellow can
di» without baggage, when he gets
trained down to it. . -
So It came about that one winter
day, with the trunk masquerading as
baggage and me bumping the red
plush In a varnished car, we bore down
on Omaha. En route through Iowa
I studied the whisker exhibits Installed
on depot platforms, there being noth
ing else worth looking at. The leading
export of the State at that time was
prohibition literature, while the in
habitants raised whiskers . for home
consumption. Also I obssrved experi
enced travelers in the coach drinking
from bottles. These alcoholic festivi
ties made me feel like a four-flusher.
Having failed to provide a bottle of
my own, I looked for the conductor
to flag me at every mile post on the
ground that I hud made h false start.
That he tolerated one no remiss in his
duty to society amazed me.
Even now, after a lapse of twenty
five vears, this problem racks and nuz
zles.*. Why will the man who spends
n decade at home, never thinking of
liquor, load up with a quart canteen
and souse himself Billy on a forty-mile
ride? Search me. Doesthe motion of
the train arouse latent thirst, or. does
the gent think the neck of the bottle
protruding 1 from his raiment brands
him a traveler of world-wide repute?
Funny, isn't it, what mutts .you meet
while flitting from State to State,
either on foot -or among the late Mr.
Pullman's plush. ,...*'
¦ Early on the morning of the second
day the train reached Omaha and al
lowed me to mingle in the fierce met
ropolitan whirl. I left the trunk at
the depot for a, look around before
doing anything rash. It was great —
the air of being a gay young man
about town, strutting proudly along
paved streets.. , Most of .the - people
looked like employes and I was glad
fate had carried me to the right place.
There was no rea-.
son .why I should 9
hot become an em- •
ploye - and write to J
my friends at home J
letters bearing the «
chucked caution to the winds and de
cided, to risk .eating something, even
before making my - debut as " an • em
ploye.. -,:_ I". ...
On the rounds of -the 'town I had
located in a side street a swagger cafe, ,
bearing this sign:' "The "Delbeano;
Mrs. J. Bunk, Prop." .At the curb
jstood an inverted wooden wedge in
blue .adorned with ¦"¦ this' legend:"
"Meals 15 'cents and Upward," 'which
direction I . have i since , learned is. or
should be, the natural course of meals
taken at that price. :. In the show
window a small - pink china pig was
mired to its knees ln~a, plate of un
cooked .beans— a .subtle lure 'set by
Mrs. Bunk to entrap the Boston tour
ist. ...
On , pushing open the • blue, door a
bell tinkled' above the portal and I
glanced back to see who was ringing
it : The* interior Delbeano was. tt.
gaunt room harboring a few tables
and a portholed partition at the back,
through- w.h!ch the ambushed cook
fired victuals at unwary patrons.
There were two vivid works of art on
opposite walls. One was the likeness
of a fat man. inscribed "I Eat Here."
His partner on the other side, a hag
g.ird gentleman, who looked like Mr.'
Dante, did not eat there, according to
his epitaph. Where he did replenish
his inner being will forever, remain "a
mystery to me. Belowthe" thin man
hung a business motto.- "No Trust. No
Bust," worked in- red worsted; on per
forated cardboard. " V • ¦. 0 ¦,
While- noting these appetizing spe
cialties 1 became conscious of a . hu-,
man presence in the room. At <a table
in the rear sat a razor-faced female
of middle age gazing fixedly at me out
of snaky eyes. Her face was without
expression save the black sparks that
glowed at either side of her beak. As
she looked at me I tried to. look in
another. direction and failed. Once I
made a bold point at the "No Trust.
No Bust" poem, but fearing this effort
to appear natural might lay me. open
to unjust suspicion, I switched to the
epicure who ate there. The undoubted
¦ ' success of that person Induced me to
sit down and open a bill of fare which
resembled a ball programme minus the
lead pencil.
: Pretty soon the lady of the house
came over,' placed one hand on my
table and the 'other on her hip, mean
~ while piercing me with her gimlets.
Once I * glanced ; up and she merely
pointed one untidy finger -at the bill
of fare. To save my neck I couldn't
_think. of anything but stewed oysters,
the only hot food ever served at the
Bon Ton restaurant in my town. The
wits were scared out of me and still
I .didn't know why. Finally I said
."oysters" in a voice inaudible to my
self. ' Had I been a man of brains and
wide experience in dining out it would
. have been ham and eggs right crff the
reel. Ciy.
•• Aiming her face toward the rear,
Mrs. Bunk .yelled, "One stew!" and
then leisurely .placed some tools and a
dish of cold-slaw on the table. Mean
v.hlle, no sound had come from the
kitchen. The order was not bellowed
back in true metropolitan fashion. In
a. little while Mrs.' Bunk strolled into
the culinary works and instantly there
issued the stealthy rattle of pots and
a -sound of some one raking the fire.
Soon the dark eyed lady emerged,
wearing an air of extreme abstraction.
She went, to the front window, shifted
the" pink pig to an easier position
among the beans and gazed into the
-street. Having me in her_toils that
siren of the West worked her little
game to- the limit. « nee she did face
,about to shriek. "Hurry up that stew;
the gent's a-waiting!" No response.
Once more Mrs. Bunk ducked into, the
kitchen;, again I heard the sneaky rat
tle of pots and beheld her skinny hand
when she slid the bowl. upon a shelf in
the open partition.. Moreover, I recog
: nized the voice when she stepped back
and shouted,- VStew . r-r-ready— take it
. -_. _ L'^;i away!" Again she
~ came forth In <a
walking trance
and " moved about,
brushing phantom
¦- flies - off th*» tables.
All of a sudden she
saw the bowl. and
made a dash for it.
and as she sped by
Mrs. Bunk a scornful look, and the
price, and went out the blue front door,
never again to darken it- ;-"¦• vfs
It was a long while -before I got over
In the next chapter I cheer up wonder
fully and debut In the protean charac
ter of employe and boarded in an hon
est Omaha family. .
OUR HABIT WAS TO BITE OUR MONO
- GRAMS ON THE TOP CRUST.
twice around the middle and tied in a
hard knot. This idea has since been
infringed by persons lacking original
The mere fact of going to bed In order
to place anything of value under lock
and key did not. in my opinion, class
the trunk as an also ran. My position
postmark of a large
city. The . growth
of this idea
made me chesty.- I
•"¦yUIDHD by that sublime faith in
I / humanity common to extreme
WT youth and the purchasers cf gold
bricks. 3 cut loose at the age of
17 with the unknown world as con
tained ia Omaha, N>br. What I knew
of the iror.Tnolders* trtde absorbed at
Mudvil>. 31L, didn't pain me any. and
the prospect of not Ceding Jobs most
anyrvliere never touched me. Had I
desired to procure employment things
might have been different.
Moreover. I carried a package of hot
air in an unsealed envelope, presenting
Uaster C. Dryden Esq. My strictly
original To - Whom - It - May-Concern
was compiled by the village postmas
ter, an elderly, one-legged gentleman,
who djd not train with my gang: hence
he cculd safely say I was a loo-loo
bot_h In and out of the foundry. He
did It ia elesaat Youth's Companion
language.
Besides this valuable asset I rated a
$2 truaic made of some kind of bark
which tad wormholes in it. The out-
Bide was armored with the very best
wail pap*r of a subdued yellow pat
tern. On the inner side of the lid ap
peared the portrait of a bloated Che
rub wading around in a bum bou
quet that barely came up to his waist.
The trunk had a lock which yielded
wrtTTy sometimes to expert manipula
tion of a tin key. but I -relied more on
a safety device of my own passed
the Jolt produced by the unparliament
ary conduct of Mrs. Bunk. Why should
she act that way? Food ever has been
and always will be the same to me.
whether prepared by chef, proprietor.
general manager, cashier or floorwalk
er, so long as the viands are properly
cooked. The world was new to me then
and everybody and everything In It
strictly on the level until I bumped into
Mrs. J. Bunk of Omaha.. Neb. By that
one false stroke she forever queered my
faith in females and the sincerity of
their motives on any proposition. When
ever the gentle passion flickered in my
heart, which it sometimes did. there
came a warning vision of Mrs. B. and
her bunko oyster stew, and I at once
grew cold and frosty toward the sex.
Can you blame me?
No one ever saw a male caterer pull
off any such fool performance; it isn't
in him. Man is prone to pride in dual
ity without duplicity on the side. Wit
ness scores of little eating Joints in
every city — mere slits in the wall, most
ly. Row of stools at one side of the
counter: range, grub and gear on the
other. A fat slob of bilious aspect. In
cap and apron that used to be white,
cooks and washes dishes in full vi^nr of
his victims and glories in hi3 verwttl
ity. Sometimes the dew of strenuous
endeavor mingles with the cuisine; but
what of that? There is no attempt to
deceive, to create an impression of ab
sent quantity, and the entire process is
conducive to calm serenity of mind and
unimpaired digestion— for a few years,
at least. ti
I have made .much of this boiled
oyster incident because, coming as It
did at the very threshold of my youth
ful career, it put tne up in the clock
for the time being. There was I. a lone
some boy. far from home, willing to be
a friend to any one who would befriend
me. and dependent upon the labor of
my hands and feet provided I hit it
right. The first human with whom I
came in contact was a woman who
should have been a mother to me. In
stead she handed me a gold brick with
a spoon in it. leaving me a melancholy
prey to suspicion and moody distrust.
The proper study of mankind Is man;
it is the women who keep us guesstng.
ON AND OFF THE BREAD WAGON
BEING HARD LUCK TALES AND DOINGS OF AN AMATEUR HOBO
THE. SAN FRANCISCO;. SUNDAY CALL.
—ELEONORE E. HO EFT.
HIS FACE WAS ADORNED WITH TWO
CNUGHTED CIGARS . WITH RED AND
GOLD CORSETS OK THEM.
Jjfy V Qfnrppis Lrrydeii
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
rt^ / w 1 j V^ -ril^j K^j- > r>«rijT_n_ri_n-ru-u-tr
We Caught
• V 9
a Woman
Stealing Hosiery ¦
while ago; we ; asked
her why 'she came to
us to rob. She said
ours were the best and
quickest to selL (She
got six . months in
House of Correction.)
Ladies' Raven Mack Gauze *\ C^
UslsHose &**\*
\t\a Rosenberg
JUC 816 Market Si
BETTER. KNOWN AS
The PRICE CUTTER
1 $m) $^(1
Each : Week for the Best* ./. . ' <v: . ,""'.', '
£ - 1 w JTJL ¦V/ : 'Ri ; - : l;;v/ : .' v $**m • .Vf ; *V ; *
Submitted to the=— -:<
C I TW rt A V^ tf* AT I
iili^^ill
tFirst
1 Prize
8»$tory
I Will
|Ap-
•pear
! Next
• day
No story will be considered that. is less then a.soo nor more than
3500 words in length. The length of the story must be marked in
plain figures.
In the selection of stories names will not count. The unknown
writer will have the same standing as the popular author.
¦01*:: III
As one of. the objects of the Sunday Call is to develop a new corps
of Westernwriters no stories under noms de plume_ will be considered.
If a story earns publication it will be well worth the writers name.
\\I
Stories not accepted will be returned at once. Those selected
will be published : one each week.?"
This fiction contest will be continued indefinitely. »
An author may submit a,s many manuscripts as he desires, but no
one vSiter will be permitted to win more than three prizes dunne the
Always inclose return postage. No manuscripts will be returned
unless accompanied by return postage.
V/lll
Write on one side of paper only; put name and adcJxess leeibly on
last page? and address to the SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE CALL.
cAMrpAMnsrn.CAL
RULES.
First
Prize
Story
Will
Ap-
pear
Next
day
ANNOUNCEMENT.
For the purpose of encouraging -California and Western writers,
by offering a consideration for short stones equal to that paid by the
best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown
writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con-
test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best
story submitted. There is no section of America more fertile in ma-
terial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to give spirit to the
material at hand than is California and the West Therefore the Sun-
day Call offers $50 for the best story submitted each week by a West-
ern writer. Stories of Western life and Western characters will, as a
rule, be given the preference, but all strong stories, and especially
strong stories by new writers, will receive careful consideration.
Each story will be iudeed strictly upon its literary merit. Type-
written copy is the easiest to read and will receive the first consider-
ation from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand-
writing if you cannot afford to have it typewritten." A :-'
Fifty dollars in cash for a story of not less than 3500 words and
not more than 3500 words is approximately $17 per thousand words.
or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading magazines
for the work of any but the very best writers is rarely, more than
two cents a word, more often one cent and a half, and generally one
crnt. With the majority of magazines the writer, after his story is ac-
cepted, is compelled to wait until the publication of his story before
be is paid, a period of seldom less than six months, and usually from
nine months to a year. The stories accepted in this contest will be
paid for immediately upon publication, and will be published on the
first Sunday following the iudping of the week's manuscripts.THE , SAN 'FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALI1
foY not having questioned her, tried to
find out something about her that real
assistance might be rendered.. But
there had been an air about the
stranger, 1 suppliant though; 6.tie was,
which forbade intrusion upon her per
sonality.
Lying near the window in the gath
ering dusk Miss Mallory let , her fancy
wan<}er whither It would,*:. wondering:
a little at the, odd tangle In her
thoughts, which seemed somehow to
"How do you do?" she said with
chilly {civility. The man's -expression
changed.;
' "Pardon me," he returned. more for
mally. "The excitement of being here
must have gone to my head." Miss
Mallpry's lip' curled. /
"There can hardly.be much excite
ment ; in i doing what you could ' H have
done,any day. in the last three years,"
she declared, a .bit disdainfully. Hu
mason's color deepened.
what could I have said? You, beauti
ful, courted, the only child of an indul
gent father; I! merely one of the many
who ; surrounded you. How could I
dream , that you would ever spare me
even' a thought? So. I went away, re
solved to forget. And then — — " 7
"Yes," queried the. girl as he. paused.
"And then.". : Her eyes were hidden, but
there was a note 1 in the soft voice that
aroused his courage. .
"I found out that I could not forget."
said, the man. "Yet what claim had I?
By A. M. Davies Ogdesi
BREAD ON THE WATERS
a nod to- the expectant footman, who
stood watching with severe disap
proval, they were gone, while the
"Thank vou!" was the simple re
sponse, but Miss Mallory could feel all
J.hat was compressed into the words.
"I will send it back. You shall see. But
you must give me your name."
More to humor her than from any
expectation of receiving the money,
Miss Mallory glanced into her card
case. It was as she thought, her own
itrus were all gone. Hastily pulling
out one of her father's card she scrib
bled her name and address , on the
back and held it toward the woman.
"Here," she said kindly. Then, with
ruin of many," was her father's dictum.
Yet in this case there was a, carious,
half-wild look in the woman's eyes, as
though she were enduring some strain
almost beyond her strength, and Miss
Mallory felt her sympathies quicken-
Roland Humason would give his
money; he. never refused to help a
woman even while he laughed at him
self for a credulous simpleton. Swayed
by an uncomprehended Impulse the plrl
pulled out a crisp five-dollar bill.
"Take It," she said gently. Into the
tired face opposite leaped a light of
wonder, almost fear; then the tense
lines relaxed.
a sigh of relief. It had been a
long, tiresome afternoon, but she had
used her last card now, and these peo
ple being fortunately "out." she would
go home and forget her thoughts. For
somehow Roland Humason had been
much in her mind lately. Strange that
after three years of absence the recol
lection of his clear, dark eyes and
clean-cut features should linger thus
vividly. And again Miss Mallory
sighed.
Why had he gone bo suddenly and
sent no word? Looking up to give the
order for home, the girl suddenly be
came aware of a woman standing but
a few feet away with gaze hungrily
fixed upon herself. As their eyes met
thf* woman came slowly forward.
"VkTil you lend me $5?" she asked
abruptly. The vclce was sweet and
well modulated, as Misa Mallory mfced
through her surprise. Nor did the wom
an's appearance suggest that of a beg
gar. The girl hesitated. She had al
ways been cautioned not to give In the
street; "indiscriminate giving Is the
Copyright. 1904, by A. M. Davles Ogden.
*y^ s the footman turned to come
f I down the steps after leaving the
£| cards he had held, Miss Mallory
JL leaned back in the victoria with
And then yesterday— oh, how can I
thank you properly?" he broke off
earnestly. "Yesterday— the woman you
helped— she waa my sister," speaking
with steady tone. "Not long ago her
child died, and half-mad from the loss
she came to the city, resolved Ho de
stroy herself here, where we would not
know of it. But when she reached New
York the commonplace, every-day as
pect of things seemed'to calm her mood
and her resolution faltered.. Yet she
had expended what money she had— not
even the price of a ticket home was
left. Determining to put fate to the
test, she wandered about, seeking a
familiar face— my sister, alone In this
great, city, where she knew no one —
resolved, should her plea for help be re
fused, to sut an end to her life. And
then Ehe saw you." ¦ •
For a moment the man was silent,
as a shudder seized him at the thought
of what might have happened.
'Oh, if she had not met you— If—
but I dare not think of it. I— I have
a photograph of you. I bribed your
rr.aid for it," he confessed shamefaced
ly., "From having seen it so often, my
sister felt vaguely that here at last waa
a friend, although of course, unwit
ting why., And so she dared to ask."
Miss Mallory, who was sobbing unre
strainedly, lifted her face.
"Oh,- the "dear woman!" she ex
claimed brokenly. "How glad I am;
how glad I am! And is she safe?"
"Quite* safe," was the thankful an
swar. "The shock, your kindness,
"I^thought that if you had cared
enough to carry a man's card in "your
card case for three years that you
must have cared a little for th« man
himself," he said eagerly. -Was I
wrong, sweetheart? m Are you going to
send me away again?"
The girl, her eyes fixed on the be
traying bit of pasteboard whereon in
fine script ran the words. "Mr. Ro
land Humason," drooped her head.
"No," she answered shyly, "please —
please stay."
"Look!" he said. It was the card
upon which he had scribbled her ad
dress. "Turn it over." as the girl
seemed bewildered. A low cry broke
from her red lips.
"Oh," she stammered, while the color
flooded up to her pretty curly hair.
"I— I was in a hurry— I thought that
it was one of father's— I—" her con
fusion increasing pitiably. But the
man's strong clasp had- again caught
the fluttering little hands.
something must have strengthened
and braced her. She returned last
night. And you can fancy what it
meant to us. But when she showea
me the blessed card which told me
who it was that had saved her it
stemed to me as if I also had been
sent a message. Was I wrong, dear?"
and the man'3 voice was wonderfully
tender. The girl, puzzled, shook her
head.
"I don't understand." she said faint
ly. Humason laid a visiting card in
her hand.
woman, the slow tears welling into
her tired eyes, turned steadily in -the
direction of the nearest ferry.
All through dinner and into the next
days the woman's face haunted Miss
Mallory with a strange persistency.
She could not feel that she had done
wrong. If ever person looked in need
of help that woman had done so. The
girl was conscious . only of a> regret
link this woman to Roland Humason,
and then looking up she saw him
coming across the room to her. For
a moment she stared, incredulous. But
his warm handclasp was very real.
"The butler told me that I should
find you here," he - exclaimed in a glad
voice. "Oh, how good it is to see you
again!" The girl, recovering, drew
her. hands away. :
"No," he said simply. "You are
wrong. I have not been in New York.
Three years ago my father died," he
added, meeting the surprised question
in: her eyes. "It changed all my life. I
found myself with my mother and. a
widowed sister to care for, left with
barely a pittance; It was necessary I
should try, » at least, to carry on the
old; business at home. I came to bid
you good-by and you were out. And
take to please her nave a contract
that carries a heavy burden of heart
aches. There are mothers from
whose lips never a word of encour
agement escapes, who actually seem
to fear to accord to a girl any meed
of praise, no matter how richly de
served. Girls who by industry and
talent figure as prize winners and go
home elated and naturally proud of
the success find neither recognition
nor encouragement from the^mother,
whose praise would.be all the sweeter.
if there ,be no love In the home a
girl will seek it elsewhere; if there be
no happiness, other companions will
be sought. A happy home Is a girl's
best safeguard. \
The mother who is never pleased,
who thinks every effort "no more than
you ought to do," has only herself to
blame if a girl loses all the instinctive
love the relationship is supposed to
plant In the human heart. •.,!"'
There is precious little satisfaction in
trying to please one who never appre
ciates either the effort or the work it
self, and one's nerves is the excuse for
ill humors indulged In without rhyme
or reason.
Illness is often but another name for
laziness. It is so much more comfort
able to have one wait on you than to
wait on yourself, and often the Indolent
mother takes refuge behind her "poor
nerves" to shift the responsibility on
the younger shoulders, and they expect
as much from a girl of IS as could rea
'ionably be demanded of a woman of
60. Illness Is a trying ordeal to both
patient and nurse, and of the two it
would seem that the nurse has the
harder row to hoe. A patient who Is
amiable challenges all one's sympathy
do in this tortuous world, and yet a
pleasant face is something that can be
cultivated. No good ever results from
the chronic display of ill-humor that
mars so many lives. There la not only
a deal of philosophy, but there is also
a vast amount of deep-seated religion
in the practice of making 1 the best of
everything. No child was ever bene
fited or improved by nagging:, while to
many it has been the source of so
much discouragement that the sweet
est part of all interest In life is embit
tered, and there U no denying that a
child will learn to dread, if not to ab
solutely hate, the mother who 'never
sees the good but »al ways finds some
excuse to wound or find fault.
and makes the ordeal of nursing very
much easier for all parties concerned.
It is desperately hard for one who is
ill to be tied to a sick bed or an inva
lid's chair, but it is infinitely harder
for one who Is well to be confined to
the sick room with all its depressing
influence. -
Many invalids are so lovable and con
siderate that one feels as if they could
never do enough to help them bear and
to alleviate as far as possible the suffer
ing. Others there are whom the com
bined offices of the nine choirs of angels
would utterly fail to please. Every ef
fort Is met with a whine or a reproach,
until human nature rebels at the in
justice of it all.
Fault finding is more a matter of ill
nature than of real grievances. The
man or woman who contracts the habit
finds that It grows on their hands, un
til It becomes a settled fact that no
matter what may occur, or how hard
others try to please them, no credit Is
to ba given for it.
A man fancies that a certain amount
of fault finding- is necessary to the
proper discipline of his home, and that
the full mastery of domestic condi
tions depends upon the awe he In
spires. Did he praise his wife she
might possibly become imbued with a
certain Idea of her own importance,
for which reason the heavy hand of
the lord and master must be felt.
There are mothers who are insanely
jealous of their own daughters, not
only as far as the husband: and father
i3 concerned, but in the matter of
social triumphs. A woman who la
handsome and charming, and accus
tomed to swaying her own little world
about her, sees with envy and chagrin
the beauty and charm of the daugh
ter unfolding. That the scepter she
has wielded so and successfully
must slip from her fills her small soul
with horror, and after a systematic
coursa of fault-fllnding drivtes the
daughter to matrimony or worse, be
cause there are really some few things
that might prove even worse than
matrimony.
There is not much good that we can
fT>|HE most thankless job one ever
I undertakes Is that of trying to
I please others, and those who have
JL labored In Us ¦achievement are
generally "unwept, unhonored and un
sung," even though leading a life of
self-sacrifice that reaps no compensa
tion, and who are oppressed with a
sense of failure that has no sedative
to console.
There is always a lot of sentiment
haloing the sacred name of "mother,"
and yet there are lots of mothers who
know Just about as much of its sacred
ness as they do of many of the lost arts.
The ingratitude of children is prover
bial, but often there are times when the
scenes might be shifted and a few
pointed paragraphs illustrative of the
ingratitude of parents substituted.
In the sprouting days of nay news
paper aspirations, an ambitious effort
was sent to many publications, and as
unerringly returned with thanks, "that
It was against the policy of the paper
to publish anything reflecting on the
discipline between parents and chil
dren." although admitting its merit.
The one-sided view* struck me as
rather unjust from the fact that chil
dren and their peccadilloes, the result
of thoughtlessness and inexperience,
•were hammered unmercifully, while
parents equally guilty, yet with
years of experience to guide them, were
never shown the errors of their ways. .
The most selfish, inconsistent, irre
eponsible women are often held up by
the world as splendid mothers, when
they have not a sensible idea in their
heads and are infinitely inferior in
every way to the daughters whom they
not only disparage, but of whom they
are intensely jealous and whom' they
criticize to the verge or even dam
aging the reputation by inuendoes
which, coming from the mother, no one
ever tiiinks of questioning.
More girls are ruined by their own
mothers than from all the /emptations
that ever asail them from the outside.
A home is made so unhappy by con
tinual nagging and fault-finding that a
girl seeks any relief that may be of
fered, no matter in what guise it may
come.
The number of happy homes is sur
prisingly small, and the woman whom
necessity forces to mingle with the
¦world, who day after day goes hither,
thither and yon, gathers an assortment
of confidences that wearies her brain
and makes her very heartsick, and of
which those of unhappy daughters and
husbands figure in largest proportion.
Few mothers have sense enough to
make allowances for a girl's impul
siveness or inexperience, consequent
ly mistakes are exaggerated Into
crimes and the high-spirited, rebel
lious girl Is thrown upon the world
with neither guide nor affection to
steer her through the troublous cur
rents.
The fault-finding mother is more
than a problem; she is an established
fact and an appalling menace, and
the daughter or daughters who under-
SOMETHING ABOUT
PLEASING OTHERS
BY" KATE THYSOK MRR.should be brought as nearly on a lev»l
with the knees as possible; by this you
will see the body is very much bent
forward. Raise the body erect by press
ing the weight upward by means of
straightening the arms. Repeat sev
eral times; If the muscles begfn to feel
very tired stop at once. The movement
should be done slowly to avoid mus
cular strain. Should you feel a bit sore
or stiff after the first trial, rub the
muscles with equal parts of alcohol
and water, accompanied with brisk
friction.
IN THE SICK-ROOM (Novice)— An
immense amount of brain as well as
physical force must be used in caring
for the sick. Tact, patience and a slav
ish devotion to, details are necessary in
relieving the tedium of the sick room.
Radical diversions snould only be
taken under skilled advice arid the ob
servant nurse must know when to ex
clude any Innovation which will excite
or weary a patient. She must plan
tactfully only such little surprises as
will please and relieve monotony, mak
ing the sick room as cheerful as cir-
cumstances will permit. A pot of fresn
greenplants, a change In the arrange
ment of the furniture, or some other
slight thing will often supply a won
derful interest on the part of the
wearied patient. Tiresome, talkative
persons should be rigidly excluded
from the,; sick room at all times;
b« cheerful yourself and never
whisper, in a -sick room .under
any circumstances, for it Is pos
itively distressing to the average per-
son, who is inclined to be morbid when
ill. Keep the room exquisitely clean
and orderly,, removing soiled articles
as quickly as possible. If the patient
cannot leave her bed it soon becomes
overheated and -will cause a nervous
person to become '. restless ¦ toward mid
night as th'e vitality; lowers. A change
to well aired pillows. and covers will
often induce refreshing Bleep. The un
der sheet and quilt which protects the
mattress should be drawn out smooth-
MARIE M. S. (Oily Skin).— I do not
know the cause of your oily skin, but
sho-uld suggest a bath ammonia for
your forehead. Get it at any drug store
and put a little in the water and see
ff it will not help you a little. Again,
ordinary toilet water is drying. When
you chance near the bottle put a little
on your handkerchief and rub your
face. Of, course, this is the mildest
treatment and I am suggesting it be
cause it Is not difficult to remember or
annoying to do, and alcohol in any
form is drying. If this does not have
the desired effect let me know and I
will give you a medicine that will take
that oily appearance away. You did
not give me your weight and so' I
am not able to Judge fairly, but I
should say you were rather heavy,
more from youn waist and hip meas
urement, though I am not suggesting
snug clothing by any manner of means.
If you read 1 this paper you must have
seen the physical culture exercises and
any of them would help to reduce and
harden your flesh. .
Answers to
Correspondents
ABOUT BROAD SHOULDERS Liz
zie)—Fashion is not always as foolish
as we are led to believe. Like most
customs of civilized life the harmful
mistakes or abuses are being continu
ally harped upon, but the real values,
which are constantfy coming to tha
fore, are scarcely considered until they
are old stories. The fashionable broad
shoulder waists are cases in point. The
broad shoulder effect has already
proven a blessing to •womankind which
will be handed down to posterity. It has
not only inspired but forced the need
for better physical development. Force
of example has demonstrated, as ar
gument never has. the pitiful differ
ence between a narrow, fiat chest and
shoulders which have so long . been
accepted as truly feminine, and the
beauty of strong, well-molded lines.
The first Improvement' in form was al
most entirely a matter of the dress
maker's art; later not a little dismay
was felt when the difficulty of fitting a
thin shirt waist, which cannot be built
out by the tailor's tricks, over a thin,
flat form was encountered. Then, and
not till then, was the physical defect
indisputable and women who had not
enjoyed the privileges of gymnasium
practices realized that they must de
velop their bodies to \ keep up with
the .pace set by fashion.' The fact
that you ¦ observe so many robust
women to-day Is not that they all
happened to be born healthy, but
they have made themselves strong and
rosy by careful living. You can do the
same by daily practice and a simple,
wholesome diet. In the main you
have little to complain of besides your
thin arms and chest. Deep breathing
should be faithfully practiced and the
following simple exercises used; they
are especially useful in developing the
chest and arms: Ventilate tlife room
thoroughly and slip on a kimona. Rest
the hands on the legs just above the
knees, relax. the muscles of the back
and bend the body forward, resting the
-weight* upon the arms and. hands. As
the legs bend at the ' knees the face
ly and tucked in firmly And the under
garments worn by the patient straight
ened occasionally. Ventilation Is of
paramount Importance; pure air will
soothe and refresh a patient as noth
ing else can. To prevent catching cold
cover the patient with a warm blan
ket, head and all, and tnrow the v win
dows open for fifteen minutes at in
tervals during the day, further pro
tecting the patient by placing a screen
about the bed. To impart a delightful
refreshing odor to the room, fill a bowl
with hot water and pour In a few drops
of oil of lavender, just enough to give
a faint, sweet odor. Never use heavy
perfumes.
I know it's worse than hackneyed
to tell you to "Do as you would be
done by," but the man or woman who
follows this homely old saying is the
beloved of the gods and of more than
one mortal, by the way. We hear peo
ple on every side lausrh at old fash
ions and old ideas, but our grand
mothers were taught better than to
deliberately laugh in a friend's face,
or to gaze at them in that defiant. I
don't-belleve-you sort of fashion that
Is such a part of the girl of to-day.
Her sweet face framed in its queer
bobbing curls never looked as though
her head had been put on backward
and her eyes didn't travel serenely up
and down a guest from her head to
her toes either, while her tongue was
bidding her welcome. Xo. Grand
mother's manners may have been old
fashioned, but somehow there was
something irresistibly sweet about
them and the girl In this age and
generation who can improve on them
is little short of a wonder. Showing
true sympathy and sweetness . is the
truest way that any one, either chil
dren or grown folks, can show their
good manners.
in this line apply yourself diligently
to the study of sympathy. Put your
self out to do a kind act or to say a
kind word to help brighten the lives
of all people less fortunate than your
self, for sympathy is a healing, sooth
ing balm that is most acceptable, no
matter what station in life one walks
in.
If you really want to improve your
self study the art of repose and kind
ness. Everything springs from these
two source*. Bv cultivating repose
you will never be flurried or hurried,
and fully nine-tenths 6t all the blun
ders that are made are the result of a
grand rush to make up time. Again,
there is something: peculiarly restful
about a restful girl. She is quiet and
one naturally seeks her when one is
worried or fretful or not feeling ex
actly fit. There is no danger of her
being up and all over the place at
once and of giving one absolutely no
peace, for the same placid repose that
attracts in the first place holds on the
home stretch and long alter the race,
has bepn won.
After von have learned everything
Of course he is not accountable for
his physical deformity and every one
that glances his way does not do it
in a spirit of meanness. But surprise,
curiosity and even pity compel people
to turn about and stare after him as
he goes on his way with burning eyes.
Just why people do not look at him
and then turn away is more than I can
quite fathom. Yet he has told me that
about one person in every hundred can
successfully control the face and look
at him fairly and squarely without in
dicating in any way that the defect
has been noticed.
That is one reason why I say that
good manners are a condition of the
heart. It is not the outward polish
that really counts half as much as the
inward gentility of the heart. Half
the women who pride themselves on
their social training have not a third
of the true kindness that many a hod
carrier, toiling'all day in his old red
thirt and faded overall*, exhibits as a
matter of course.
/""^r OOD manners are a condition of
J / the heart. Perhaps the lassie
WT who wrote and asked how she
V^ could "have good manners" may
not think so at first, but I want her to
look about and select some girl who
has had every advantage in the way of
schooling. She may be polished and
pleasant, and ehe may know which
fork to use and which one to let alone,
hut remember this — she may have re
ceived ever so fine a '"finishing" educa
tion at EOT.e smart boarding-school,
but if she has not been taught kindness
of heart in childhood she will never
have really g'ood manners.
The girl who uses her eyes is the one
who learns quickly. She sees all that is
pcjng on and then quietly makes the
most of her observations. She watches
the way seme well-gx>wned woman
handles her elbows when she sits at the
table, and with a keenness that comes
in a remarkably short time learns to
Judjre and to criticize, first her own
manners or lack of them, and later
these of the people who chance to be
about her.
But scrutinizing people closely is en
tirely different from staring insolently.
And how many burning heartaches this
selfsame staring has caused.
For instance, take it to yourself.
Every time any one glances insistently
in your direction you draw into your
6hell and Kit and brood and fret and
inwardly wonder what branch of eti
quette you have outraged. The more
you worry the more conscious you get,
until one burning wave succeeds an
other in scurrying over your face, and
you devoutly wish you were any place
under the shining sun but just there.
That is a heartache and a heartache
with a vengeance, too. for nothing cuts
quite so cruelly or so quickly as a
curious stare and a half smothered
laugh. Even the bravest man wilts
ar.d takes to the tall timbers Just as
fast as his legs can carry him when
he realizes that the finger of ridicule
has been pointed at him. A regiment
of soldiers with bayonets all pointed
his way would not fease him half as
much as three or four mocking faces
and tell-tale laughing eyes.
I know of one chap whose life is a
perfect nightmare to him. And It Is
made so- by nothing more or less than
common, every-day staring, or, as the
boys so aptly put it, "rubbering." ' He
has a very prominent birthmark on his
face and it is the curse of his life.
Every day as he travels about tending
to his business he fees that fiaming
r»?d mirrored in a dozen eyes and he
is conscious that every one's gaze is
centered upon him as he walks down
the street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL'.
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MME. YALE'S
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
\j. ... CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skint Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
Zlme. Tale nays: A little Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream sionld
be applied every time the face
and hands are washed. It removes
the dnat, aoot. prime, nnttt and
¦mcdjre from the* interstices oi
the skin and makes the surface
smooth as velvet.
A daily necessity at home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the elements. Prevent*
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
and that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes, heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and every mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural beautifier. A grateful
application after shavings Excel-
lent for massage purposes. Now
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream U
now sold in two sizes by
OWLDRUGCO.
(Both Stores)
1128 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and 80cthat all had different sleeves. , The
Bleeves of the first coat were, flaring
and cut off at the elbow; the second
coat had wide sleeves finished with -a
frill of fur at the elbow; \he third coat
had leg o' mutton sleeves; the fourth
coat had the big puff finished with ¦ a
deep cuff at the wrist and the fifth
pair of sleeves were finished ; with' a
row of fur tails around. the arm.
. You can make over your fur coat' by
providing^ It with a new' set of sleeves
for, like your gown, the style of your
coat depends largely upon the style of
the sleeves. Take your old' fur sleeves;
cut 1 , them off at the elbow, and finish
them with a frill of Russian embroid
ery, and you will have something thor
oughly up. to date.
Or, if so pleases .you, take your fur
sleeves and gather them . in -y. at the
wrist and set a deep embroidered Per
sian cuff upon them. You* will* have
something that is attractive and pret
ty. Or you" can . use a fur ; cuff i of, a
contrasting kind. Two furs are always
in good taste. ;
The woman .who ; is the ¦; owner, of a
handsome . strip of Persian embroidery
can do a great deal this season. In
place of the Persian one can "use Rus
sian, Armenian, ~ Turkish or Indian
work. But :, the strip . should be four
inches wide" and very long. \Take this
strip in hand and use. a portion of it .to
border, the wide balloon sleeves of your
Several pretty. fads of fashion are
very much' noted, one being the neat
ness and the multiplicity of the new
ribbon trimmings. One of the dainti
est of these shows eight little bows,
called Puritan. bows," arranged down
the front of the waist. .They are made
of black satin ribbon and are no bigger
than • butterfly bows. They are set
down 'the front of the waist to conceal
the hooks and eyes.
with gun metal satin ,to be worn over
a gun metal cloth costume. The hat
in thl3 case can be a felt hat the color
of gun metal trimmed with a band of
ermine and a white ostrich feather,
which should .trail over the back of
the-hat. ...
Several • pretty features stand out
prominently .. In the Imported coats.
The first Is the leather-covered button
and the button covered with velvet.
Green velvet buttons, as big -as a silver
quarter, trim a squirrel . coat, and a
coat. of deerskin .is .adorned .with bisr
button ' molds - covered .'.with green
leather. Of course the leather is dyed
to a' certain shade, and that shade is
usually one that matches the hat. A
little .; embroidered leather vest of ; the
same color is an added touch of smart
ness. '"•; And one can have leather
trimmed cuffs and gloves stitched with
green to match the vest, the buttons
and. the cuff trimmings.
How to Trim With Ribbons.
Exquisite sealskin coats\ buttoned
with leather-covered buttons and
trimmed with'-leather cuffs and leather
collar. When the coat is unbuttoned
it, shows a vest made of .embroidered
leather. •
One sees beautiful fur coats of all
kinds with embroidered chamois vests,
and one '•¦ sees handsome squirrel coats
with embroidered chamois facinsr.
Strange contrasts rule the day in dress.
It .is. a fad to. line your fur coat
with 1 satin to match your costume, and
one. of- the; prettiest ; winter suits to be
found • anywhere is made ;; of < Persian
lamb trimmed with ermine and lined
Handsome squirrel coats that roll
open, showing a vest of delicate • em
broidery. ;
- Heavy sable coat8 and coats of mink
with, lay-down collars of Armenian
needlework and cuffs of the same.
' Baby lamb coats with . vest of Per
sian' embroidery and stock -to match,
and deep cuffs of the Persian work.
Whole . capes are made of oriental
stuff and are thrown around the shoul
ders and fastened in front' with a ble
clasp. And little shoulder, capes are
made of | knife-plaited lace' of the stiff
variety upon which are applied Oriental
medallions. ..So there is little dancer
of going astray in using oriental work,
for Dame Fashion has smiled uuon it
in such a variety of ways.
Speaking of fur novelties this is whatf
you see: ¦ •".-• -...-.
All the half and three-quarter kimo
no .coats v are slit" up, the"; sides to allow
for , the ; fullness of the dress skirts.
And -the ¦ pajama, shaped coats | are slit
up' the sides in the same manner.', The
trimming,. whatever it may be, runs. up
each side of the slit.. And; frequently
one sees a square of it placed; at the
back of the neck. One can do a great
dear with a strip of -embroidery if , one
understands how-to use it, and one can
transform an ; old coat : into, a . new ; one
with a jabot of j lace, some metal but
tons and a^ pair of embroidered cuffs.
One of the, new pajama '.coats , of
cloth is slit up each side' and, the slit is
edged with Russian needlework, which
is put on in big swirls, with a little em
broidery on each side.- 1 No matter how
handsome , the Oriental ; needlework- it
seems, impossible to"; use it unless ', one
has a little handwork to use in connec
tion with It . Fancy stitching all
kinds trims the : coats which are them
selves with'^ elegant' needle
work i imported from the : Orient for the
express i purpose of making the' smart
woman still smarter.
Trimming the .Xcw Coats.
cloth coat. , Nowrlay.a band of it flat
around the neck, letting it come down
each side of -the front. , Let a similar
strip extend all, around the bottom of
the. coat and run a "strip of It up each
side after you have slit it "open; at 'the
sides.' . '. ;' ' '; ¦ ..-¦•.-. ';. : '^-; ;^
..In noting, five ;.pretty_ fur coats the
other day one could not help noticing
There are several features to be noted
In the' new 'fur coats.' And the first is
their shape. They, are kimono shaped,
blouse . shaped, tight-fitting and three
quarters.. They , are cut loose- like, a
little English Jacket and .are to the
hips; "and' they are' cut^lqng like an
automobile coat; In any 'shape ' they
art very smart, for ! they . are cut. on
new fashionable lines, 'with long
shaping shoulders and very full sleeves.
• And» speaking of the sleeves one must
note how variedthey arc. and how be
coming. There is really ; scarcely any
limit to their '.variety , and "one is de
lighted to. note that, "in" spite of -the
fact that all are different, all are'be
coming to the ' arm. ; ' ~
Many Xotable Features.
Another novelty is a deerskin coat
This is a rough coat almost shaggy in
its' texture. It reminds you a little of
the buffalo robes: Deerskin is shorter
than buffalo and softer. ,: And it can be
made up very, smartly into the soft
loose kiniOno shaped fur coats that are
so much worn this season. .
Baby calf skin is a fur that is worn
a great deal. It is very fashionable
this year, but how long it will hold its
own no one knows. It is, as its hame
suggests, made of calf skin with the
markings of the calf all showing. They
are brown and white arid red with the
co!or3 occurring abruptly on spots. The
spotted red calf is never a thing of
artistic beauty.- But, made into a coat,
his calf ship becomes quite a handsome
creature.
ten, dyed skunk, blended fox and
muskrat. The latter is being treated
in precisely the same manner as the
English moleskins and can be detect
ed by the eye of an expert, so clever is
the deception.
The costlier furs are sable, . ermine,
mink, broad tail, lynx, silver fox and
brown marten. And when buying these
furs you can pay any price you please.
There is' no limit to the sum you can
si-end. • t
In the striped furs, such as Bengal
tiger, you can spend round sums, but
these novelty furs are more for people
who have a variety to wear rather than
Just one coat.
While a fur coat is a fur coat and
you can't put it entirely out of fashion,
still it is a fact and a sad one that the
styles in furs have changed very de
cidedly during the past season.' A
standard little fur Jacket is always in
good taste, but, when it comes to ab
solute smartness, there are other
things to be considered. The plain,
neat little fur coat, shaped like a blazer
coat, but buttoned down the front
tightly, from chin to belt, will always
be Jn style, but one looks for something
more elaborate in furs this season.
A very smart New York girl ap
peared afthe matinee the other day in
a coat made of baby calf skin. It was
cut blouse and was absolutely untrim
med. It swung open at: the throat and
was buttoned up all the way to the
belt, where it was fastened tightly
under a clasp. Of course the open
throat revealed a very ' smart shirt
waist with a handsome lace openwork
collar. r't>VCj.
And among- the cheaper furs— yet so
much like the costlier ones . that you
cannot tell the difference— baum-mar-
But for a woman with money a good
set of furs is an excellent investment.
One is sure of being always elegantly
dressed, and almost any gown can be
made to look nice.
Ermine conies in the thousands for a
fur necklace and a handsome muff;
and there are certain kinds of ermine
that cannot be bought at any price.
And sable can be got at prices ranging
so far upward that one would have to
g-et a telescope to study the price mark.
The best of gilver fox and the finest of
squirrel a're also very costly and there
is no gauging the limit of baby land,
for the younger and the finer It- is the
higher it goes in price. •
Yet the best furs pay in the long run,
for they can be worn forever. And,
since furs never go out of style, and
never wear out. It pays one'to buy the
veiy best one can afford. '
Still, the woman who Is dressing well
oi; a little can make, a very nice show
ing on the cheaper' furs- There are
furs that look very much like Persian
lumb and there are other furs that look
so much like sable that it would take
an expert fo tell the difference. 4 In the
expensive furs there are the old stand
ards and the very new novelties.
Excellent Fur Imitations.
It costs about $20 a season to keep a
handsome set of furs in repair, to store
them and to renew their dye and their
freshness, and if to this is added the
cost of remodeling them, season by
season, the priec will be $20 more.
A set of this kind is as carefully
cared for as a baby. It is looked after
all the year around and is regarded as
a family treasure. Like lace and Jew
els, it is an investment. Rich furs are
put with the furrier in summer; they
are insured against fire and burglary,
and they are taken out once a month
end carefully searched for insects. In
the fall they are brought out, reno
vated and remodeled.
BY AUGUSTA PKESCOTT.
/ £ t F you had $3000 to spare would
I you spend it on a sable muff
J[ and boa?"-
That is the question which the
feminine world is asking, and is an
swered by a shake of the head.
"Not unless I had Mr. Rockefeller's
millions." is the reply. "And even then
I could fc^end 53000 on dress to better
advantage," decided a woman whose
taste in dress has placed her well in the
front ranks of elegantly gowned women.
Yet JUOOO is no unusual sum among
women of vast wealth who can afford
to j-pend ruoney on furs. A sable set at
this price will wear forever, and be Just
as good for the next generation as this.
The boa should he wide and flat and
long; and tht muff should be very
large cut round and slightly flattened.
It should be lined with white satm'or
with ermine fur. The boa can also be
lined with ermine.
You Can Spend a Fortune on
Sables and Mnc Squirrel
Skfns. or on IXrrskin, Ben
gal Ticcr and Baby Calf, but
You fan Make Almost as
Good an Appearance in the
New Clieap Fi:rs.\Yliieh Come
So IiO\v That Every Woman
Can Afford to Have a Nice
Fur Coat — HochI A'!viec lo
'J1io>c About to Bay Furs.
Stocks clasped with metal buckles,
belts buckled low around the waist,
strips of fur outlining vest and bolero
and bands of fur around the skirt— all
these are among the frivolities of the
season.
Nor was this all. for there were fur
strips to be put around the top of a
high-crowned hat, and there were strips
of fur. for the neck and for the belt.
Fur belts are the latest freak of Dame
Fashion, and one of her swellest devo
tees went down Fifth avenue the other
day wearing a wide belt of sable — al
most wide enough to be a girdle —
fastened in the front with a big buckle
of gun metal.
But in the top of the trunk lay the
fur furbelows. There was a long white
stole of cloth edged with marabout;
there was a perfectly round fur collar
precisely like the old-fashioned fur col
lars made of ermine, with a border of
ermine tails; there was a long fluffy
fox, which was sirrer on the edge but
brown underneath, and there was a fur
boa made of long black fur, very large
around in shape and slightly flattened.
And there vtere two or three trifles in
little flat fur neck pieces, to be worn
with any blouse or coat.
In the bottom of the trunk lay a
great long auto cloak of cloth lined
with cheap fur and bordered with sa
ble. Then there was a little short,
smart coat of deerskin, loose and cut
like a pajama coat. And still another
fur coat lay in the trunk, this one a
coat of Persian Iamb abundantly
trimmed as to neck and cuffs with
Persian embroidery. It was a partic
ularly smart coat with its lining of
gun metal satin and its wonderfully
gay collar and cuffs.
There come many fur trifles which
might be called furs and furbelows.
"One trunk," said a New York wom
an, packing for a journey North, "is
for my. furs and furbelows. It takes
a trunk to hold them."
Then there are wonderful fichus mad*
of strips of velvet and fur all cun
ningly sewed together. Nothing could
be smarter than these j and nothing
more effective in carrying out a dress
scheme. A boa or neck trimming of
this kind is easily made by any woman,
for it requires nothing more than a
knowledge of how to sew fur and this
is something that dan be readily ac
quired by any one with a taste for
needlework.
The fur Ascots are more worn than
ever, but this season one can. buy them
tied. They are long and narrow and
shaped like an Ascot necktie. They
can be worn with or without a scarf
pin. The pin must be very large to be
effective and the prettiest Ascots are
made of ermine, mink, Persian lamb
and chinchilla, none of them, cheap
furs.
It is seldom that the English give
us pointers on how to dress, yet there
are some little fads that are very Eng
lish and very pretty. The English, for
instance, are wearing wide velvet
stoles' made out of red velvet and
green velvet. They are more like
boas, for they go around the neck and
hang down in front. . They are called
velvet necklaces. And as a finish,
there is a border of fur. The very
narrowest band of Persian lamb, or of
sable, or of a silver fox is placed
around the edge and upon the ends
there hang long tails. This "neck
lace" Is worn with a smashing big
muff to match. - . '
A ribbon decoration that is finding
favor with smart dr -ssers is the little
silk shoulder cane, edged with a wide
silk ruffle, or with a series of three ruf
fles. Another pretty trimming shows
a ribbon embroidery outlined upon a
little shoulder cape of cloth. And still
another has a triple row of silk ribbon
ruffles around the sleeves. And In this
connection it can be stated that there
are slesves that consist cf these three
ribbon ruffles and nothing else, for the
sleeves are cut off at the elbow.
The ribbon flower is as popular as
ever. Violets, roses and chrysanthe
mums are made of ribbon and are re
produced so naturally that one Is de
ceived by them. The ribbon violets are.
particularly pretty and are worn in big
bunches upon the front of the corsage.
The big pink" silk ribbon rose, scented,
with a chiffon center, is one of the
prettiest of bodice and coiffure trim
mings.
Fashions From England.
A very charming ribbon trimming
consists of a series of pretty bows, all
connected by links of ribbon, and ter
minating in two wide ribbon ends. This
trimming can be arranged down the
front of a three-quarter coat or it can
be used upon ths front of a blouse. It
is one oi the neatest of ribbon trim
minr'--
"A Puritan bow, by the way, is mada
without ends, merely loops. In the mid
dle there is a tight little knot. Just
two little fat loops and a knot in the
middle. A set of Puritan bows, mada
of cream colored satin ribbon lined with
blue satin, trimmed the' front of a
handsome bodice worn by Miss Alice
Roosevelt. rr'£-\'ij
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALt.
HOW TO BUY A HANDSOME
SET OF FURSTHE BOOK READER
. "The Flight of a Moth," by Emily
Post, is a lively, book, full of keen wit
ticisms and not a little genuine satire.
Though the author has rather unfor
tunately utilized' the hackneyed old
style of conveying her story through
long and wordy letters, it. must be ad
mitted that very few of this kind, of
novel surpass "The Flight of -a Moth"
in sprightliness of style and br-iezy
comment. .
These letters relate how a certain
abiding love for children, has de
parted* somewhat from' this strain in
her long novel, "The House of Fulfill
ment." , No less than in "the little
book 'about' a baby girl's hearthas
Mrs., Martin shown herself" in this
story -to be the master of ; a; delicately
sympathetic : style .'¦ and a thorough
workman in the field (of human emo-
THE lady who, under the name of
George. Madden Martin, made
•'Emmy Lou"; known to every
household that cherishes an
NOVELS
As They Are Writ
*yy RS. ALICE PRESCOTT SMITH.
ilia well known member.\of local
.III women's clubdom, is tbe latest
* * San Francisco writer to be ad
mitted, to the sacred fane of the pub-;
llehers' approval. Over a year ago her
first novel; "The . Legatee," . received ¦ a
notice among book . readers not . usually
accorded to first efforts. It developed
out of a new field— the. pineries of Wis
consin—a; forceful and dramatic story
of business affairs '. and love, . unusually
well written. .Now. comes Mrs. Smith's
second book, "Off the -Highway," a
hovel haying a. familiar California
background. ' ••• ..'
Nothing pretentious In the matter of
plot' Is attempted 1 In; this story.; The
movement Is one of quiet . comedy
rather than that, of; strenuous , activity
and somewhat blatant ': heroics ! :: which
marks''. so many novels or the hour/;, To
make a searching analysis of character
under; the. contrasting environments of
city arid country and to picture some
of the. nobler Impulses that spring from
the ': topsyturvydom- of ,' ; our ' hurried
modern existence. Mrs., Smith has writ-
SIERRA
Setting for Plot
As are all of Max Pemberton's
stories, "Beatrice 1 of Venice," his
latest, is chock full of color, movement
and excitement. This one has. to recite
the adventures of a certain Comte de
Joyeuse, aid de camp to Napoleon in
the first Italian campaign and like
wise successful squire of dames in the
matter of the beautiful Beatrice. .- In
trying to save her. beloved city of the
canals from the French the Lady
Eeatrice becomes Involved In all sorts
of dark plots and sees very little light
breaking in until she meets with the
Comte. In order to save the French
man from the wrath of her country
men Beatrice smuggles him into, her
own house and the . plot thickens.
What with a fierce 4uel, which the
heroine witnesses in her robe de nuit,
a meeting with the Little Corporal
himself and a final attack upon her
palace in Verona by maddened patriots
this young woman has her share of ex
citement in plenty.. Does it all end
happily?— well really how that would
be telling.
(Dodd. Mead &.' Co., New York;
illustrated; price $1 60.)
**' BOOK of remarkable and daring
1 /J imagination is Evelyn Underbill's
fi"The Gray World." Aside ' from
* , the recently published cryptic
story "They" by Rudyard Kipling
I can recall no work of fiction that Is
such a tangible picture of matters
beyond our sensing, so vivid and so
real an Impression of the unreal. In
undertaking the task of turning meta
physics Into the channels of story
telling Miss Underhlll shows herself to
be possessed of bold ingenuity. By her
actual depiction of the misty penumbra
of the spirit world, conceived to be
fringed about our visible sphere of
actualities, she has' revealed an Im
aginative quality far beyond the ordin
ary. Transcendentalism, always an
element difficult of adequate handling
either In exalted verse or the theses
of philosophers, Is herein clothed with
such striking substantiality as to be
of vital and moving force. The mystic
flights of Carlyle's "Teufelsdrockh" are
brought down to the reader's grasp by.
embodiment, in fact.
A ''. little child of the London slums
lies dying on a hospital cot Gradually
he feels his feet approaching the brink
of the vast beyond, dimmer and more
dim becomes the shining brass knob
of his bedstead upon which he has
concentrated his desperate attention
and then— out into . the Gray. World
slips his soul. A terrible, .vasty place
this, dim, cold, and boundless. Rest
less throngs of shades whirl In mourn
ful processions, searching ever for the
blessed boon of reincarnation. The
solitude of space terrifies beyond t all
measure. The ghost of. the ' little slum
child by the very strength* of Its willing
forces Itself back to earth again and
finds fleshly garments. •
It : is as' the son of a middle class
merchant that this returned soul lives
another existence. The child Is sickly
and "queer" according to the opinion
of its parents, but in reality, upon .. the
mirror of the boy's mind there is ever
that misty image .of the Gray World
whence he has escaped and he is afraid.
A WORLD
Of Gray tSHadows
MCCLURE 3 CHILDKENS ANNUAL
—Edited by T. W. H. Croslaiul and W.
Collinge: McClure. Phillips & Co., New
York: illustrated.
OUR BIRDS AND THEIR. NEST
LINGS — Margaret Coulson Walker: the
American Book Company. New York;
Eclectic Series.
SELECTED POEMS OF HERRICK—
Introduction by Alice Meynell; H. M.
Caldwell Company, New York; Tha
Red Letter Library.
¦ POEMS BY WILLIAM COWPER—
Introduction by Alice Meynell: H. M.
Caldwett Company, New York; The Red
Letter Library.
THREE WEEKS IN EUROPE— John
V. Higinbotham; Herbert L. Stone &
Co., Chicago; Illustrated.
OLD LOVE STORIES RETOLD—
Richard le Galllenne; the Baker & Tay
lor Company. New York: Illustrated.
THE APPRECIATION OF" SCULP
TURE—Russell Sturgiss; the Baker &
Taylor Company, New York; illus
trated; price $1.
THE ART OF CARICATURE— Grant
Wright; the Baker & Taylor Company,
New York; illustrated: price Jl.
STORY OF THE CHURCHES— THE
.EPISCOPALIANS^Daniel D. Addison ;
the Baker & .Taylor Company, New
York: price $1.
A QUINTET OF GRAY COATS— Ef
fle Bignelle; the Baker & Taylor Com
pany. New York; illustrated: price U
WHAT PAUL DID— Etheldred B.
Barry; Dana Estes & Co., Biston; Il
lustrated: price 50 cents.
THE MERRYWEATHERS— Laura E.
Richards; Dana. Estes & Co., Boston:
illustrated: i>riee $1 25/
UPLAND PASTURES — Adeline
Knapp; Paul Elder & Co.. San Fran
cisco; limited autograph edition In half
leather, with' frontispiece by Keith;
price J3.
OFF. THE HIGHWAY— Alice Pres
cott Smith: Haughton, Mlfflin & Co.,
Boston; price XI 60.
ZELDA 'DAMERON— Meredith Nich
olson; the Bobbs-Merrill Company, In
dianapolis; Illustrated; price $1 50.
YOUR LOVING NELLY— Mrs. Nelly
Gore; Funk & Wagnalls Company, New
York; price $1.
MUNCHAUSEN XX— The Baron;
published by the author. Chicago.
DOUBLE HARNESS— Anthony Hope;
McClure', Phillips & Co., New York;
price *$1 B0.
IN THE CLOSED ROOM— Frances
Hodgson Burnett; McClure, Phillips &
Co., New York: illustrated In" color;
price $1 50.
CAPTAINS OP THE WORLD—Gwen
dolen Overton: the Macmlllan Company,
New York; price $1 50.
NewBooksReceived
"The Common Lot" narrates the
story of a young Chicago architect's
obsession to the power of greed and
the lures of social ostentation. It is a
keen, ci/ld study of the blighting In
fluences of the insane struggle after
the world's goods in which the half of
our men of business are absorbed. The
development of the plot is done with
such restraint that nothing forced or
unnatural intrudes to- hurry on a
climax or cast shadow on a denoue
ment. Bo natural seems the succession
of steps by which the man in the story
lets slip his hold upon integrity and
so sequential the incidents of his down
ward career that one reading must
pause to reflect that here is life photo
graphed in high light— a literary nega
tive untuned and untouched.
Jackson Hart is a vigorous and am
bitious young man, who has returned
from a course in the Beaux Arts to
begin the exercise of his profession in
Chicago, confident that the wealthy
uncle upon whose bounty he had been
educated would leave him an inheri
tance sufficient to insure speedy pros
perity. The will of the dead uncle
awards the young architect only a
nominal sum and, disgruntled, he im
mediately determines to win to opu
lence by the lines of least resistance.
The favor of a wealthy woman here
and the exertion of Influence there
serve to set Hart's feet upon the road
to success and quickly he marries. But
his pleasures are the pleasures of the
rich, his aspirations, are those of the
gilded few. Finding his income in
sufficient for his growing ' needs, the
architect enters upon a shady contract
with a builder and makes a "deal"'
which will net him thousands. . Still
social needa press. and again a "deal."
Bllnde'd'by the glitter of success. Hart
becomes oblivious to" the! love of home
and of honor. Piling dollar upon dol
lar, he mounts up the dizzy ladder of
aspiration until the tragic destruction
Among those who have been most
successful in this endeavor at an In
terpretation of the sociological and
moral effects of the present day trade
strife is Robert Herrick, whose books,
"The Web of Life." "The Real World"
and "The Gospel of Freedom,"- notably,
have all been t aimed at a study of
modern life under the industrial condi
tions obtaining. His last story, "The
Common Lot," is" distinctly, .his best.
It is among the best, of this kind writ
ten.
etory. "The Pit," there have. been
many writers who. have essayed this
type of fiction with more or, less suc
cess. Stories of the street, the 'ex
change, railroad pools and cotton cor
ners have caught a ready hold on the
interest of readers.
SINCE the late Frank Norris in
troduced the vogue of the novel
of business with his posthumous
Just a last word on something mora
savory than even the salt of fiction.
Paul Elder & Co. of this city publish
two handy books. of dainty receipts
compiled by May E. Southworth,
"101 Beverages" and "101 Salads."
Just the mere . reading of either 'of
these little booklets is enough to make
one believe that life between -meals or
between drinks is naught but a berrea
desert at best.. . ,-
"Blazed Trail Stories" is the title
of. a book of Stewart Edward White's
fugitive, tales of lumber camp and
Western reaches that have been col
lected from the magazines in which
they first saw print. Some of them
appeared as far back as 1899, when
the author of "Conjuror's House" and
"The Silent Places" was yet a fledgling
In the writers' ranks; it is not a mat
ter of very great difficulty to pick out
these early efforts from those of later
inspiration. One of these, "The Girl
in Red," occupies the last place in
the book — a sure mark of editorial
discretion. Had it been left out al
together neither Mr. White nor the
reader would have been the loeer.
In his tales of the Great West the
writer has not such a sure grip upon
the atmosphere of his locale as he
shows in the stories of the forest
lumber camps. With the noteworthy
exception of "The Two . Cartridges,"
which details how one Alfred was "a
Sheriff first and an Injun-flghter af
terward." ' the seven stories of the
West have a more or less amateurish
setting of properties. The lumber
camp tales, on the other hand, are ex
cellent; they, have a dramatic in
tensity of incident and a vigorous
portrayal of character, immensely
fascinating ¦ both. The ' story, "The
Sealer," -though bloodily grewsome, is
powerfully built/
(McClure. Phillips & Co., New
York; price Jl^ 60.)
by fire; of one of his shoddy hotels
brings to him realization of the thing
that he has done. Then out of terrible
remorse and dejection the broken man
Is led back to right living and doing
by the hand of his wife, once neglected."
•x A, grim picture of Chicago manners
and Chicago morals Is this that' Her
rick . gives. The atmosphere of the
whole story Is that of the unscrupulous,
unquestioning rich. The . "successful
men" and "successful women" . that
move through Its pages are those
counting results only and taking no
thought of means. The character of
Mrs. Phillips, a woman compounded of
vulgar, ostentation and transplanted
French morals,' Is forbidding but ad
mirably well done. Her world of cyni
cal self-gratification and supreme self
ishness is not pleasant to look upon as
Herrick depicts it. Mrs. Phillips*
daughter, Venetia, a young woman who
would like to be a "sport" and "a
good fellow," Is another strongly drawn
character. In her the author has em
bodied the familiar attributes of that
class, of society that depends upon new
and untoward amusement to sate Its
jaded taste.
A strong, unvarnished tale of city
life is this; a 'tale which catches the
epic significance of the din of dollars
which sounds to the exclusion of every
softer strain In our present day ex
istence.
(The Macmlllan Company, New York;
price $150.) . Hggj ¦
ten "Off the Highway." A novel t ol
manners it is,- delicately done.
All of the Important characters in the
story save two, good old Mr. Caven
dish and his wife, are city people, more
or less transplanted to the free air of
the; country. San Francisco manners
Vnd San Francisco spirit are made to
blossom under the radiant sun of the
Sierra . foothills. From the balmy air
of the. red gulches "the scenes shift to
this fog-ridden city and back again.
The tilling of a prune orchard and the
filling of a pulpit In one of the city s
largest- churches share Importance
equally In the plot's development And
about all. of these accessories there is
entwined the story of two loves— loves
which have the proverbial devious road
to traverse before all Is happy.
The mistake all ; hangs upon Mr.
Drake Wllmot's unfortunate blunder as
to the identity of the sobbing figure
he finds hjding beneath the. folds of
a long cloak with tartan lining upon
the hillside near the Madrono Cross-
Ing ranch. If it was Marlon Whiting,
who was thus giving up to' grief after
meeting with a mysterious stranger,
then there is no use for Mr. Wilmofs
big brother to continue his persistent
suit in that direction. Upon being di
rectly confronted with the question
Marlon Whiting does the natural fem
inine thing, she equivocates and hides,
all unknowingly, the secret of pretty
Agatha Cavendish. Agatha, In turn.
Is hiding a secret from her uncle, the
reverend old patriarch of the moun
tain church. Uncle Cavendish himself
has a secret. In short, everybody down
to Ranger, the phlegmatic steed, seems
to^beSpossessed of a secret and things
work at sixes and sevens until a bound-
Ing water butt, plunging down a moun
tain grade* by moonlight, sets the train
for a solution of the whole crux. Ine
briety and insurance play the part of
master key to the unlocking of the
mystery- !
A sketchy outline of a sketchy plot,
this. The real charm of the story
lies in the author's delineation of her
characters. The : brothers Wilmot are
not remarkable save In the stern de
termination to . do or die which seems
to be inbred with equal strength in
each. It is. upon the two women and
the old man of the story that Mrs.
Smith expends her best work. Marlon
and Agatha are distinct types of lov
able womanhood, vigorous in their per
sonalities. They show, aptly the widely
divergent attitudes often taken by men
and women toward the same phase of
human problems. In Stephen Caven
dish, the God-fearing old clergyman,
unconscious of self and pledged al-
. ways' to duty where duty calls, ' Mrs-
Smith has created a strong character,
though one almost Idyllic. The lesson
this old man teaches in' self-efface
ment and stern hewing to the line: of
righteousness would alone repay a
reading of this novel even were there
no other, attractions.
(Houghtori, Mlfflin & Co., Boston;
price ?1 6&)£l8BP5N
He, knows, .he feels always the unsub
stantlallty of the life he is living:, for
around him,- pressing him on every
Bide, Is the near frontier, of that
shadow world which Is for. him a place
of terrors. The 'boy grows- to be a
myrtle, a dreamer. He knowsT that 'thV
world""about him is" nothin jr'but fa* cloud ¦
resting ever 1 so lightly*' upon Ithe void;
he is impatient with others t who -can
not realize the thinness fit the life shell:
he. is walking on the. film of a bubble
with a • haunting." terror ever at his
elbow. V/f-i ¦ ' "
Dogged by the shadow of his knowl
edge, the youth' sets himself to* solve
therlddle of existence. What can he
do that will best redeem him from the
film of the unseen world and establish
him firmly in the life of the real? A
craft he tries and .at first all goes
well until a perfunctory love affair
breaks In with sordid materialism "upon
the spirituality of his dreaming soul.
Then art offers a fleeting solution of
his problem. The sensuous esthetlcism
of religious rituals has Its brief ap
pfeal. But it would be. unfair to the
reader to tell. how, all of these- props
failing, the man' finally does arrive at
the goal of his fondest desires and dis
covers how. best he may, ally himself
with the life of this world. The last
few chapters/narrating this event, are
filled with a, beautiful philosophy.
Restraint tempers Miss' Underbill's
imaginative force throughout the whole
novel arid in" that /very "essence lies the
secret' of 'her ; artistry. ' A conception
such as hers in. Its superficial aspect
most naturally, prompts a surrender. to
sensationalism, -to, the Marie Corelli
extravagance of the "Thelma" order. A
man- who has come back to life from
the spirit world, who knows the
styglan bleakness of outer darkness
and feels it almost! within finger reach
—here is something that even an Ed
gar •"• Allan Poe . would probably > have
spoiled by grotesquerles. 'Not' so , with'
Miss Uhderhlll." ' Her book is not an
exposition of the eerie and the horrible,
but rather an attempt to vindicate the
point -of view of the idealist and the
mystic. She would refute the material
istic tenets of- the realists by giving
realism to some of the mystical possi
bilities which form life's background.
To this the author herself confesses.
This she has done in a manner. wonder
fully compelling.
(The ; Century Company, New
York; price $1 50.)
Jessie Juliet Knox, a San Jose
woman, whose early literary efforts
appeared in* The Call, has had pub
lished her first book, "Little Almond
Blossoms," a volume of short stories
for the little folks. Mrs. Knox has
made a unique and a successful de
parture from the beaten path of Juve
nile fiction i-n these stories, all of them
Intimate sketches of little Chinese tots
here in San Francisco's Chinatown.
Having had the good fortune to be ad
mitted into the inner circle of some of
the better Chinese homes, the writer
there studied at first hand all of the
Joys and sorrows that combine to make
the day's round for young Ah Sid.
These she has pictured In a pleasing
and graceful style. ' Older people will
read the book when the children have
finished with.it.
(Little, Brown & Co., Boston; illus
trated; price 51 50.)
tlons. Nobody can read of the sweet
life of Mary Blair and not feel better
for so doing.
"The House of Fulfillment" is a
love story- — not all the love between
man and woman, but in ecual part
an exemplification of the , faithful,
patient love of a daughter for her In
competent,, helpless mother. Mary
Alexina, the daughter of a shrewd
Vermont Blair, and a mother who
possesses only the ease-loving, spirit
less character of a pampered South
ern gentlewoman, combine*, .in odd
mixture the characteristics of both
parents and is a queer little piece at
best. • The death of her father and
her mother's marriage with a dream
ing poet throws little Mary into the
household of a bachelor uncle and
maiden aunt in Louisville. After vary
ing experiences under the Influence of
these guardians the prim and some
what prudish '¦ girl , Is brought
Into, the whirl of society,, where
the keeping of a watchful eye
upon that irresponsible mother of
hers divides attention with a very di
verting love affair of her own. _ How
the girl dominates and even mothers
her childlike 'parent makes In the
telling the most attractive portion of
the story. ,
So. deftly does the author draw her
various characters tfnd with such
seeming naturalness does one incident
follow upon another, that the reader
finds himself living in the very atmos
phere of the story from . cover to
cover. "The House of Fulfillment"
seems not so much fiction as reality
softly idealized.
(McClure, Phillips & Co., New
York; Illustrated; price $1 50.)
_4
STRENGTH
In HerricK's Novel
of Buddhism. When this philosophy
found its way from China to Japan
in its very early history it lightened
the stern austerity of the primintlve
belief with gentler precepts leading to
a worship o f the beautiful in life.'
Architecture, painting, sculpture, en
graving, landscape gardening, . even,
all followed in the train, of the new
teaching. With careful modifications
the Chinese religious polity was graft
ed upon the older social structure un
til, as Hearn avers, "the marks of the
welding, the lines of the Juncture, al
most totally disappeared."
In tracing the effect had upon the
Japanese people by the sudden as
sumption of a Western civilization up
on this firmly rooted base of tradition.
Hearn has /ears for Japan's future.
A break with ancient ethical . custom
will be fraught tvith disaster, for upon
that is the nationality of modern
Japan established. Because from her
accepted traditions Japan cannot as-,
sume the great weight of modern In
dustrialism without a turning: away
from old Ideals, the author believes
that in making such assumption she
has encountered dangers whose
menace yet hangs heavy.
The writer closes his book with a
bitter fling at the arrogance of the
Christianising propaganda as it is now
being pushed in Japan. A sudden
break on the part of. the whole peo
ple from the traditional scheme of an
cestor worship is, according to Hearn,
something beyond possibility. Here
is .the writer's opinion baldly put:
"Perhaps this book, in spite of
many shortcomings, will not fail to
convince some thoughtful. persons that
the constitution of Far- Eastern"* so
ciety presents insuperable obstacles to
the propaganda of .Western religion,
as hitherto conducted;, that these ob
stacles now demand, more than at any
previous epoch, the .most careful and
humane consideration, and that the
further needless maintenance, of an
uncompromising .attitude toward
them can result. in nothing but evil."
(The Macmillan Company, New
York; price $20
"The old law, the law of the dead.
is that by which the million? prefer
to act and think." This law, Hearn
shows to be a force old as the world
itself. Before Greece heard the epic
cor.gs of Homer and when Home's
seven hSlls bore virgin forest the race
of which we are sprung was bound
by this law of the dead. The western
nations have outgrown this primitive
Jurisdiction; Japan still yields to It
with a fealty undimlnished. From
the worship of ancestors sprung
Shinto, the earliest and the strongest
of Japan's religious philosophies.
"It should be recognized," writes
Hearn. "that no religion is more sin
cere, r.o faith more touching than this
domestic worship, which regards the
dead ae continuing to form a part of
the household life, and needing still
the affection and the respect of their
children and kindred. Originating in
those dim a^es when fear was
stronger than love — when the wish to
please the ghosts of the departed must
have been chiefly inspired by dread
of their anger— the' cult at 'last de
veloped into a religion of affection;
and this it yet remain?'."
Minute and searching is the writer's
analysis of the all-pervading influence
of .Shinto upon life and thought.
The early feudal division into family
groups sprang directly from the
hierarchical classification of divinities;
the whole conception of family rela
tion was an outcome of the recogni
tion of the seniority of* ancestors; the
discipline of the race was self-imposed
under the dictates of Shinto beliefs;
the social laws and amenities of polite
Intercourse were developed from
severe religious mandates. To the
ethical and sociological influences of
Shinto was added the esthetic leaven
The attitude of the Japanese mind in
Its very manifestation is. thinks Hearn,
due directly to the Impulses of religion.
Like the people of India with their
castes, and the natives of China, pos
sessed of the tremendous conservatism
of religious philosophy, the whole psy
chology of Japanese character is deter
mined by the force of the two great
religious creeds that have been oper
ating in the island kingdom since the
dawn of time. Despite the suddenly
acquired veneer of the new civilization
which Japan hae put on within the
last half-century, the influences of the
centuries gone lie beneath, and accord
ing to the author these influences are
naught but the manifold expression of
religious spirit. So the author believes
that to solve the mystery of Japanese
character we must trace the spiritual
growth of the people. In Shlntolsm and
Buddhism, the two great religious
schemes which divide the thought of
the people, lies the key to a right in
terpretation of their character.
The near approach to the very es
sence of Japanese life and character
which Hearn had enjoyed for eighteen
years previous to his death was calcu
lated certainly to give his estimate of
these things the measure of authority.
A naturalized subject of the Mikado
t\ as he. head of the department of Eng
lish literature at the Imperial Univer
sity and the husband of a Japanese
lady. As previous works show, Hearn
was the intimate of many of Japan's
leading spirits, he took an active part
in the literary and artistic activities of
his circle, and as nearly as it was pos
sible for one of the West to do he be
came in spirit and thought Japanese.
We may believe, then, that there have
been few that have had his opportu
nity to lift for even a little the veil of
Oriental thought and custom which
cloaks the Japanese in mystery inex
plicable to us.
In an effort to demonstrate how diffi
cult it is for one of Caucasian birth to
make any headway in estimating Japa
nese character Hearn sets forth at the
very beginning of his book the total
difference between the psychological
processes of the Occidental and the Ori
ental mind. "The whole of the Japa
nese mental superstructure," says the
writer, "evolves into forms having
nothing In common with Western psy
chological development; the expression
of thought becomes regulated and the
expression of emotion Inhibited in ways
that bewilder and astound."
APAN— An Attempt at winter-
C C fl I ir * tation -" the : posthumbus
• • I work of the ; late Laf cadio
I Hearn, deserves to be ranked;
J among the most noteworthy,
publication* of the year. Here
in the author has devoted twenty-two
chapters to a careful psychological
analysis of the Japanese racial charac
teristics, the origin of the same and
their various manifestation ill the art,
religion and social phenomena of the
country. Though Hearn had established
himself as an idealist in matters Japa
nese by his previous works on the land
of the chrysanthemum, in the writing
of this book he chose to strip aside all
mantles of the romantic and idyllic and
to make his estimate of the Japanese
people one founded strictly upon scien
tific exposition. He has produced as a
result of this attitude what is probably
a more nearly authentic appreciation of
the many eubtletles of the Mikado's
people than any yet attempted by an
Occidental.
HEARN f 5
Book About Japan
young: widow who has always been
under restraint either by her parents
o»- her selfish and fortunately short
lived husband determined upon a try
at the gayety of some European capi
tals. With only the sobering: influence
of a maid to stay her. this charging
young American flits her way through
the ballrooms of Germany and France
and the rest of the gay Continent gen
erally, seeing many things, both agree
able and otherwise, and. having adven
tures ditto. What might have hap
pened to this frivolous and dainty
moth had she not very greatly against
her will fallen in love with a young
Englishman, better than the average
of his class, the reader can only ven
ture to conjecture. Her unconvention
ality certainly is distinctive.
(Dodd. Mead & Co., New York;
price Jl 50.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; SUNDAYFrances Kelly, Auburn; Grace Dough
erty,: Sacramento; G. A. Huntington,
Sacramento; L.." Suren, 16^Turk street, ¦
San Francisco;" Alvin Wright,
McAllister * street, San FranciiJfco; .
George Leek. .997 Steiner . stree.t, ,.^an
Francisco ; H. Calston, 997 Steiner
e
s
street; San : Francisco; Eugene-.; Leek,
997. Steiner street; San Francisco; ¦ D.
French,- 3 1 Eleventh street, San Fran
cisco ; Emma Milestone, 207 Francisco
street/San Francisco;' Madeline Best,
1030 East- SixteeYtth .'¦ street, : East Oak
iund; ;Strahf, f 1197'TSanchez
street, Sap Francisco;; Ellen Robbins,
755 Clayton ' street, .' San Francisco ;
Bernice Dailey,' 1506" Franklin street,
San.' Francisco; Mildred Burnharo,
1506 Franklin street, San Francisco;
T. Conway, 320 Tehama street, San
Francisco; Gertrude Brown}' 1557 Pa-
cine avenue, Alameda; Freddie Caler,
'3739 Seventeenth street, San Fran
cisco; Edith Powers, Lodi; Dave King,
Alameda; Allen Dailey, 1506 Franklin
street, San' Francisco; Lillian Woods.
1506 Franklin- street, San Francisco;
Dell Cannon, .141 Polk street, San
Francisco; Muriel Lean, 2310 McAllis
ter street, San Francisco; Edna Mur
phy, 252S McAllister, street, San
Francisco; Rutri Baughman, " 773
Clayton street, San - Francisco;
John Glynn, Oakley; Bert 'Ta
ber, Fruitvale; M. Seitz, Sacramento;
Flora Senf, Sacramento^ Louis ¦ Frlant, '
729 Clayton street, S«n Ffanclsco; Os
car Olson, 33S0 Twenty-thir^ street,
San Francisco; Mary Coran, 1632 Hyde
street, San-Francisco; Katherine Fish,
Sacramento; Ed;.a Younger, Sacranen
to; Florence Harrington, . 238 Shotwell
street, San , Francisco; H. Greenman,
3970 Howe" street, - Oakland; Jane
Brown, Vr.llejo; L. Leek/ 997 Steiner
street, San Francisco; Edna Krouse,
627 Howard street, . San- '. Francisco;
Clara Shrader, 745 Clayton' street, San
Francisco; ; Dorothy Woose, San Ra
fael; Wilber Green, Vallejq; Hubert
Soher, 1357, McAllister street, San Fran
cisco; Norma Soher. 1357-.' McAllister
street, San -Francisco; Helen Wright,
2026 Pine street, San. Francisco; Emlle
von Haberkorn, 970 Union street, San
Francisco;* John Murray, San- Quentin;
Eva Ercanbrack, Watsqnville; Andrew
Anderson;^ Palo Alto: 5 Frank Huffaker,
Fruitvale; 4 Edna ;< ._ 322 Eureka
street," San , Francisco; -Eddied Graham,
360 Shotwell street, ; San' Francisco;
Ruth Quinn, 65S King street, Honolulu.
street. San Francisco; Alfred Aurich.
371. Waller- street, '.San Francisco;
Ruth brummond, 976 Sixteenth street,
Oakland; Alvin Burdlck, Santa Cruz;
Arthur Page, 145 Third • avenue, San
Francisco; H. G.-Hackmanri,' 504 How
ard street, San Francisco; Edward
Rietz, 511 .Waller street, San Fran
cisco; H. ilyer, 227 Minna street, San
Francisco; Earl Goodwin, Vacaville;
Harold Wolf, - 1358 JPost : street, San
Francisco; John Carr, Porterville;
. Evalyn Wagner, .2011 Green street,
San Francisco; Lilly, Hackmann, 37!l
Waller street,. San Francisco; A. W.
• Lawrence, Alameda; Helen Ward. .747
• Shrader street," San Francisco; Myrtle
Dave, Soulsbyville; Ella Mohteeth, 207
Hyde street, San Francisco; Martha
Monteeth, 207|Hyde street, Sin Fran
cisco; Harry Maxwell. 3041 Fre'mont
street. South Berkeley; Henry Wood
- bridge, Brooklyn avenue, East Oak
land; Walter Gefken, 768" Grove street,
San Francisco; - A. f Dassel, Niles;
Florence Morrison, '- 1324* Filbert
street, Oakland: Will'Loftus, Peta
; luma; Frank t Edmondson, Berkeley
Leonard Schwartz, ¦ 1561- McAllister
- Francisco; Flora Frenzel,
307 Green street, San Francisco; Ruth
Woods, 705 Bush street, San Francis
-co; C. Peterson,, 49 Chenery street.
. San Francisco; '. Elvera Hoos, 1674
• Twelfth street, Oakland; Irene Hoos,
•ri6»4 Twelfth street, Oakland; ; Fannie
I Martin, 1142" Adeline street,. Oakland;
a! 'Falkenstein, 70 Hancock' street,
San Francisco; L. Falkenstein, 70
Hancock street, San Francisco*; Mar
gery Hoogs, Westminster Hotel. San
Francisco; Ruth Dunckhorst,, Sacra
mento; Park Ingram, Iron Mountain;
Well, those hardware tcrnis wen? somcwliat puzzling, although the entire 150 correct answers were
received on liine. Tliis week comes another batch of twisters.'- ?.' ' '' *
There are 'cepresentc'lrl liciv the names of 'eijtlit articles sold at a hous^jfuriiishhur store. To. help you
over tho, rough spots lljc Pnkzle EdfTor will explain that No. 1 is' "Carpet", and No. a "Sauce Pan." , The Puz
zle Editor desire to acknowledge receipt 'of the unsigned letter calling attention 'to his oversight -in creditlnsr
"The Lady of the Lake" to Tennyson instead of Scott, and to thank the writer. :";{"
;. , KE3IE31BEU THE RULES .CONCERNING PICTURES. Uon't /send- in uiitoncd proofs -or Stamp
photos, iin'ss they are very ' plain. \ 'J'ho^ti who 'work hard but arc "so" unlucky as to just miss may get their
picture In as a. reward for trying. Pictures,. never appear. at the same time with the names.
'¦H&r TRJ^R^ AHEOXU HUNDRED .'.XD K11TX l'lUZTiS, and Uiis is what you must "do to win one of'
thein: • .. ..- _ ,: .... .. _. - '. . . ' " ;-,' •' \
Find the names of house furnishing artlclcs.ori this puse and write them outjn the space opposite tiie
proper corresponding numbers provided for the purpose in the coupon : on {this i»age. as |K?r directions:
fill in the coupon with your-iuune and "address- and >> the; prize you desire — if- you win— and send the cou
pon to the EDITOR OF THIS NAME" PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call. Shii 'Francisco', CaL
REMEMBER— -To .'the FIRST OXE HUNDRED AND F11«TT>: BOYS AXD GIItLS who solve the eight
puzzles correctly, otic <f /these ONE HUNDRED AND I<11<TY BEAUTIFUL' PRIZES will be awarded. \ ;
And don't forget' this next point, because it is* very important: ALL ANSWERS 'MUST REACH THIS
OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOOX. Tills. gives all those in the country an equal chance to compete. Read"
everything .on tills page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that \ylll lielp- you to win a. prize. -,/.
THE NAS1ES OF THE LUCKY Wl.N'XERS AVILL BE PUIiLlSUED 1\ THJi SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, November 27. "'¦ ; ; . /^ " - ; ; '
These are the TWEXTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose if you solve all the pns
rles correctly: ¦ .i.;.v.'» : '.V -' • -^^V-JJfS, .' ," ' : V '. ( r ';.;"?.'.¦"? . ' \
, ' ; .Ten Gems From Kipling: Beautiful Joe, by Saunders; Black Hock, by. Conner: Abbe Constantin. by
l£alevy;_^A Fine Sea Story for Boys; Uncle " Tom's Cabin, by.Stowe;. "Prince or t!ie, House of David, by 111
grahanVr. Imitation of Christ, by Thomas a'Kempis; Adventiircs 'of ,a .Browiilc. by Mulouk; Alice in Won
derland, by Lewis 'Carroll; Black Beauty, by Sewoll; Little Lanit» Prince, .by '/.••'Jlulock;- Sketch Book, by
Washington <¦¦ Irving; Window in Thrums, by Barrlc; Tom Brown's School Days,) by Hughes; Evangeline.
by -Longfellow; Old Christinas, by Irvlnsr: Lady of the Lake, by Scott: Bryant's Poems; Treasure Island, by
Stevenson. . '¦ .-i- . :: ; /-: ,' ' ; "' ¦ y.'-- :: *"i.> V; -V v ' ¦ -¦ : '.- ' '* : ¦'¦-¦:..
Fop 4 TBqs?- '^/ho^ijess ..-. f h€S<2 PussTes; To-Day-
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
THE Si: are the names of the lucky
150 prize winners In the puzzle
contest of October 30, the names
of articles of hardware:
May Looney, ZZ2^ Harrison street,
-San Francisco; Ethel Hilton, 28 Dams
Btreet, Saa Francisco; Howard Gee,
Vallejo; Irene Boyle, 811 Greenwich
street, San Francisco; Edna Schulte,
Alameda; Edith Frazfer. Sacramento;
O. Johnson. San Rafael; Selma Fra
zier. Sacramento; Fred ! gilbert. Chico;
Frances Murphy. 2328 McAllister street,
San FrancK-co; Edj?ar Mitchell, Chico;
Dorothy Crawford. 2226 Post street,
San Francisco; Marjorie Fairgrieve.
1026B Snotwell street, San Francisco;
J< -.:e Andrews, 564 Valencia street,
San Francisco; lrma Griseza, 914 Bry
ant Btreet. San Francisco; Georgia
I Sacramento; Pearl Wagner, Ala
meda; Hazel Wagner. Alameda; Joe
Dieves. 514 Wood street, Oakland; Mil
dred Smith, 879 Eddy street, San Fran
cisco; Madeline Newby, Dixon; Bea
trice Mjn -,.12" Mberty street. San
Francisco.; Anita. Edgecomb, 1687 Val
de5-street, Oakland-; -Fi;ank Krtson. 77
CuTTiberland street, San Francisco;
Freda ' Fav ":/ 2529 McAllister street,
San Franc!.-. :>; Leonard Coombs, Ag
new; Eugene Simpson. 1325 McAllister
street. San Francisco; Lily Wilstrup,
Petaluma; Josie Wiehlsen, Alameda:
Veronica -Low, Agnew; John McMahon.
Berkeley; Albert Skillings, 818 Grove
street, San Francisco; Kana Gardener,
S18 Gnoye street. San Francisco; Bert
Rice, t 503 King street, San IJrancisco;
Helen". Ayer, 3724 Seventeenth street,
tSan Francisco; Marguerite Bell, 1533
Eddy street, San Francisco; Leslie
Deacon. 2S67 Howard street. San Fran
cisco; Dorothy Howe. San Diego; Fred
Erdman. 765 Eleventh street.-: Oak
lend; • Hattle Dunsmore. 1766 •' Sev
enth street, . Oakland; Willie Duns
roore. 1766 .Eleventh street. Oakland;
Frank Logan, ; Byron; Willie. Trade.
1732 Fifteenth street, San Francisco;
Ernma Schmidt. ; BerTceley; Marie Ross,
4043 Seventeenth street. San Fran
• Cisco; Pearl" Newby, Dixon; Ella Wai -
' lerstein, 2118 Baker street, San Fran
cisco; Gracie Rollins, 1105 Willow
• street, Oakland; Ethel Earle, Sacra
„ mento ; :. Laurel Swdtzer. , Vallejo ; Lee
NorraU/ValleJo; Horace .Walling, 1218
Jones street, San 1' Francisco; Maud
Russell. Haywards; Miriam' ~ Alvord,
Vallejo: Gurdon Ellis, .7014- Myrtle
street, Oakland; Hazel Land. 141 Lin
den avenue, Oakland; John Bloom,
1328 Jessie street, San Francisco; E.
Rademacher, 1355 McAllister street,
San Francisco; George Ryerson. 2133
Union street, San Francisco; Doris
Lindsey, Auburn; Vera S»itz, 2963 Pine
Tliese Are
the Luclly
15O Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
October 3O
THE SAN FRANCISCO; SUNDAY CALX..
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S, F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday Can.
San Francisco: .
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of articles sold in a
house furnishing store in this
week's puzzles:
1
2....
7 ?.-.
N
8..... -....*..
November 13, 1304.
Name .....•••••• ...•¦
; ect or P. O....
city »•«•...•••»....•• .-* . . . . ,
Stats ••••••••••-•••»«•«••••..•
If I win I choose for prize
(See List of Prizes.)
5 Jittthohy Hope's Latest and Greatest Novel :;J
I "DOUBLE ¦-Hpi5" |
| '1 Begins Sunday, November 2O. 2no_textno_textno_textno_textFORMER ITALIAN PREMIER AND TWO WOMEN WHO FIGURED IN DRAMATIC LOVE AFFAIRS THAT MARKED HIS LIFE.
COPENHAGEN. Nov. 12.— Dr. Koch
of Berlin has been decided upon, it is
reported in authoritative circles here.
for the Nobel prize in medical sciences
this year. Koch's retirement from his
Berlin position at the head of one of
the great bacteriological institutions
seems to furnish the proper occasion
for the recognition of his great ¦ervicea
lo science
Nobel Prize for Dr. Koch.
According to trustworthy estimates
the. trading population of . Marseilles
has lost well over £3,000,000 through
this" strike, and the ', dockers a^nd other
laborers about £120,000 in wages. ~
PARIS, Nov. 11— The Marseilles
strikers and locked out men have been
beaten. The shipowners, the capital
ists, are rejoicing. . They think , they
have smashed, the -dockers' and the
workmen's syndicates for ever and a
day. They are mistaken. The men be
gan the strife with hardly, a sou *ln
their. pockets. The shipping companies
had long purses. * , : -
Marseilles Strike Costly.
PARIS, Nov. 12.— The Duchess
d'Uzes had 'an amusing experience this
week with a would-be swindler, whom
she caused to be arrested. The swind
ler gained an audience with the
Duchess by means of a false visiting
card.
"The time has come for us Catholics
to get fid of Combes," he told her. "To
accomplish this sacred duty requires
money, .so I'm taking up a subscrip
tion." Then he showed her a list con
taining the names of all the most no
table Catholics in France. The Duchess
had J her - servants hold the man ' while
she telephoned for : a policeman. The
list' of people who wished to see
Combes suppressed was merely a for-
Kery. \ ~.ff: ' ¦
Dnchcss ' Catches a Swindler.
ROME. Nov. 12.— Brief accounts ap
pear in the American papers Just at
hand of the dramatic career of the
washerwoman, Rosalie Montmaeson,
whose husband became Premier of
Italy. But since her death many de
tails have come to light which are
worth adding to the record of one of
the most extraordinary women of our
day.
It was when Francesco Crispi was in
prison in Turin in 1S53 because Austria
considered him in a measure responsi
ble for the abortive rising in Lombardy
that he first caught sight of Rosalie
Montmasson as she went to and fro
before his cell, she being a washwoman
to the prison. Admiration soon turned
to passion, which endured through pri
vations and storm and stress, but
broke down in the more trying days
of prosperity. Rosalie Montmasson
made history, loved, fought and suffer
ed, and then, like Crispi, made the mis
take of living too long. In later days
she often eaid, "Would that I had died
then, when I was loved and was of
use."
A*, the time she met Crispi in the Tu
rin prison, Rosalie was about • 20 and
a perfect example of the best Italian
type, tall and graceful, with the color
of a blush rose in her cheeks, and a
pair of large, dark, changing eyes,
which produced a. thrill in the most
indifferent breast when she chose to
return glance for glance.
Crispi. When released, was almost im
mediately exiled, so the pair, without a
cent in their pockets, but, with "love in
their hearts and a happy defiance of
poverty, sailed for Malta, : where the
girl was obliged to sing in the streets
to gain a few pennies before they could
have their first meal on foreign soil.
Then followed the sweetest days of
their romance.
THEIR* STRANGE MARRIAGE.
Criaui and RoaaJta caxuuoir&d'taz&iJhar
The next step In the young wife's ca
reer had London as its background.
Here she joined her husband, conspir
acy being their business, and the earn
ing of enough money to eat a mere
detail, which, however, often obtruded
itself In a most disconcerting way. Her
chief duty was to carry letters from
one conspirator to another, often be
tween ; London and, Paris, on which
'hung the fate of more; than one brave
' ifM**"' natrint. It* waa in these days
Crippi seems to have had a con
science, so he decided that a marriage
service should be performed before he
left. Many and anxious were the con
ferences; marriages cost money, and
that was just what they lacked, but on
the point of Crispi's departure.' when
poor Rosalie had given up all hope, a
wandering priest turned up, who, for
a glass of wine, gave his- services,
while a ring was borrowed for the oc
casion and returned at once. •
Was he really a, priest? That is a
question being asked here in Rome
after more than fifty years have pass
ed. However that may be, Rosalie had
no doubts, and knelt on the pillow
taken from the bed with the same con
fidence as she would have felt in
church, accepted her borrowed ring
with the same fervor as though it had
been her own, and left that poor room
firmly convinced, as was Crispi himself
at that time, that she was a wife, a
conviction from which she never re
ceded.
HEROINE ON BATTLEFIELD.
wlth the other refugees, as poor as
themselves, and between times the for
mer gave lessons in languages, and the
latter washed. But the idyl was only
too short. Crispi was expelled from
Malta, and through the kindness of a
friend was given passage to Paris, but
Rosalie was left behind until her com
panion coula send her money for th^
journey.
These days passed, the cause . was
won, and her husband was- one of those
who set about the 'task of 'making, of
the new state ;a great- power. Here
was his chance and he seized l€ Honors
and riches" followed.- and the ' clever Si-
Only once did she fail. .Some volun
teers had shown weakness and she was
rallying them when she saw her hus
band, from whose ¦ side she was only
absent when duty called her elsewhere,
waver and then disappear. With a
scream' she plunged through the maze
of .men and horses and found Crispi
unconscious. She, picked him up in her
arms and fought her way to the rear,
while bullets whizzed past, and she
stopped occasionally to shoot an enemy
who she thought was- coming too
near. ; For this brave deed she was
decorated ' by Garibaldi himself* who
impulsively taking from ! his breast
one ' of ; his own medals, pinned It ; on
hers, saying:' "If all my soldiers were
like you, I should have an army before
•\vjilch : nothing could stand."
DECORATED BY GARIBALDI.
that jealousy shouldered perfect confi
dence out of the way. Rosalie brought
about - her- men as •' moths -to - a flame.
Crispi liked women's society, . and
neither was content to give full liberty
to the other.
But this unsatisfactory state of
things was ended for the time by Cris
pi's return to Italy. He took part In
the famous expedition of the "Thou
sand," having Rosalie ever at his side.
Here was where her real character
came out. Dressed in the red Gari
baldian shirt, with -a short gray-blue
skirt, rifle in one .hand and bandages
in the other, she was the true goddess
of war, the idol of the soldiers, and the
confidante of the officers. She fought
with the best of them, comforted the
dying, gave courage to the j wavering,
and performed such marvels of bravery
that she was four times decorated.
i Rosalie is generally alluded to as
Crispi's first wife, but she was not.
At 19. he- was already married. "While
a student at; Palermo he met on the
s^air of .his lodging-house a pretty girl,
Rosina Sciarra, crying over £. letter.
He then and there . fell in love and
became furiously jealous of his sup
posed rival, the writer of the letter,
who proved to be her brother. They
eventually exchanged vows. Two years
after the marriage found Crispi a
widower, his child-wife having died in
childbirth, together- with her infant. ¦
She voluntarily gave her consent to a
separation, but when she was asked
to acknowledge that her marriage was
a sham, she stoutly refused. Alas!
where were the witnesses, the priest,
the proofs? So she was obliged to suffer
the humiliation of being repudiated—
because her husband desired to marry
again.
cilian rope step by step, with only one
thorn in his side — poor Rosalie. The
Amazon could not change into a fine
lady. In peace she was a washer
woman, In war a goddess; in prosperity
an extravagant termagant, In poverty a
cheerful helpmeet.
HER ROMANCE ENDED.
Rosalie Montmasson, True to the Italian Patriot Through
¦ Years of Storm, Suffered for Her Fidelity.
versation, the lad will be required to
hold Imaginary converse with pictures
representing the bigwigs of the state
with whom he will have to do business
when he becomes a King.
The n*t result, it is expected, will
b«e to rftake of him an ideal ruler. Any
how, if the Spartan plan goes through,
the days of his youth will not hold
xftany pleasant memories for him.
By way of recreation he will be com
pelled to ride horseback in air sorts of
weather, preferably when it is snow
ing or mining. Under conditions that
equally disregard the climate, hard
physical exercise will be insisted on to
strengthen his muscles and develop an
iron constitution. A military tutor, em
powered to command obedience, will
have general supervision of his educa
tion. To train him In the art of con-
According to the system laid down
for the unfortunate Humbert, Prince
of Piedmont, his own natural tastes
and inclinations will be the last things
taken into account in conducting him
along the royal road of learning. The
more he dislikes a study, the harder
he will have to work at it. He will
have to sleep in a room In which there
is no fire even in ' midwinter. At 6
o'clock he will have to turn out of his
bed and take a cold bath. At 7 o'clock
he will be given a plain and frugal
breakfast and his lessons will begin
half an hour later.
These, It is stated, will be specially
selected, not so much with a view to
stocking his juvenile mind with useful
Information as to the eradication of any
latent laziness in the royal constitu
tion. The greater his distaste for a sub
ject, the more will diligence be insisted
<>n. Mental training of this sort, it is
supposed, v.111 make his intellect the
abject slave of his will. "When his think
irg apparatus has been so exercised
that it can take in anything and retain
a tight grip on it. he will be subjected
to an encyclopedic course of instruc
tion
LONDON. Nor. 12.— That little Ital
ian baby, whose birth the other day
occasioned such an outburst of national
rejoicing, is likely to have good cause
to wish, before he g^ets many years
older, that he had been born a plain,
ordisary baby Instead of the heir to a
throne. It has been decided by his
parents, after consultation with sundry
w1e« and learned men, that he is to
receive a Spartan education, and that
It la to begin as soon as he leaves the
nureery- Misguided Italians call It the
"English eyBtem," but the English boy
may well be thankful that it isn't.
Motoring and the companionship of
his wife and children occupy almost the
whole of his attention now. The race
course may lose him entirely event
ually.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— Sport will know
but little of Viscount Deerhur9t in fu
ture. Since the" recent turf scandal,
in which Sir James Duke and "Bob"
Sevier were involved, the Viscount has.
been seen less at his favorite sporting
haunts. It will be remembered that his
name came prominently before the
public in connection with that case,
but' While he came out of the matter
with perfectly clean hands, it caused
much annoyance and anxiety to the
Viscountess that he should have been
mixed up in such a scandal at all.
After she had received the sympathy
of her friends, who recognize in her one
of the finest and noblest specimens of
womanhood that America has given to
the British peerage, she Implored the
Viscount to renounce everything per
taining to gambling.
It was hard for a young sporting
Lord in whose patrician blood there
runs a natural predilection for horse
flesh to comply with so sweeping a re
quest, and the friends who know him
best could not for a moment believe
that he would do so.
Little by little, however, he com
menced to show that he was a more
dutiful husband than his sporting ao
qualntances understood. The clubs
commenced to miss him; he was not
seen so frequently on the racecourse
and lastly the parasites who live on
sporting noblemen began to inquire
what had happened to his Lordship.
Bridge parties at which he was always
a prominent figure he j also deserted.
Now his sporting activities are confined
to a few dollars on some Important
race when he fancies a friend's horse.
Dutiful Husband Since the
Recent Scandal.
Future Ruler Is to
Receive Spartan
Education.
Deerhurst Quits Turf
GIVES UP PLAY
AS WIFE ASKS
Before she was married, Elinor Glyn
was a Miss Sutherland. She passed her
early days in Jersey, and for some
years after her marriage to Mr. Clay
ton Glyn, who Is an Essex Squire, sh©
lived a quiet life with her husband at
Dorrington Hall, their beautiful old
place In Essex. On the publication of
"The Visits of Elizabeth." her first
book, she quickly became famous, and
has been much sought after ever since.
Among her most Intimate friends 13
the Countess of "Warwick.
Society people in America would
have mat Mrs. Glyn before this had"
It not been for the recent illness of
James Van Alen. whose guest in Amer
ica the fashionable author was to have
been.
Dorrington Hall, the Glyns' home, has
been rented this year to the Guy Gil
beys, whose name is famous in connec
tion with wines. Meanwhile the author
and her husband are occupying a de
lightful little cottage near Dunmow. in
Essex, and it Is rarely that a day passes
without a motor party coming to
lunch. It was on such an occasion.
a while ago, that one of the party com
plained of a pain while at lunch and
asked afterward if he might lie down.
A doctor was quickly sent Tor and the
members of this gay motoring party
were then astounded to learn that they
would Have to go on without tneir
friend, who was a brother of the Duk?
of Roxburghe, for he had appendicitis.
For six weeks this young man, who
had been on the eve of his departure
\o America to be present at the mar
riage of his brother to Miss May Goe
let, the American* heiress, had to re
main at this little cottage surrounded
by doctors and nurses. Down at this
little spot In Essex arrived the Duchess
of Roxburghe. and there she nursed
her son day and night until he was
well again, while excuses were sent to
America about her absence, so that the
brightness of her eldest boy'3 wedding
might not be dimmed.
and "Reflections of Ambrosine," and
the American women in society here
are especially interested In her new
book because it is understood that sev
eral of them are to figure in it. How
ever, it is admitted on all sides that
Mrs. Glyn's picture is likely to be a
faithful one, for there are few greater
favorites among- the smartest and most
fashionable in English society than
this most beautiful and gifted author.
"She has almost too mucn beauty,"
has often been said of Mrs. Glyn. She
is somewhat small, with an exquisite
figure and glorious r«d-gold hair. Her
complexion is pale, but her face is lit
up with large dark eyes. She 13 on each
and every occasion roost perfectly
dressed. Her dressmaker, as ; all th»
fashionable world knows, is her sister.
Lady Duff Gordon, who trades under
the name of Ludle, and whose taste is
acknowledged as being of the very,
finest.
WORK AHEAD
FOR ITALY'S
ROYAL BABE
LONDON, Nov. 12.— On the part of
the fair American leaders of London
society there is no little curiosity as
to -what will be contained in a boolc
which Mrs. Clayton Glyn is about to
write. "Elinor" Glyn is the author o£
the rather daring "Visits of Elizabeth,"
fl FAMOUS BEAUTY
Her Next Book
to Treat of
Americans.
Elinor Gwpn
a Favorite
In England
SAN FRANCISCQ, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
Pages 2 1 to 30
Pages 21 to 30
CRISPI'S LOVE WHICH RAISED A HUMBLE LAUNDRESS TO THE RANK OF A GODDESS OF WAR
RUTHLESSLY CAST HER OFF FOR ANOTHER IN THE FLUSH OF HIS TRIUMPHS»On the , night of November • 23 the
lodges of Odd Fellows and the Rebekah
lodges of San. Mateo County will at
tend an open meeting and entertain
ment to" be held In Redwood City., It is
expected that a number of the; grand
officers will be in attendance. .
' A new lodge is in process of organiza-
Oddfellowship.
. Gua Gunzendorfer. paat grand regent
of the Royal Arcanum of California,
who holds the office of secretary of
Buena Vista Council of that order re
turned a few days since from the East
and upon his return to his station ae
was by the council presented a mag
nificent crystal punch bowl and a dozen
glasses, together with a punch ladle, as
a token of appreciation of what he has
done for the council and for the or
der, as well as to let him know that
while he was absent he was not forgot
ten. Mr. Gunzendorfer. who la not only
a hard and conscientious worker for
the order, but an eloquent apeak2r.
thanked the donors in a flow of oratory
that was listened to with a graat deal
of inters**.
The Secretary Remembered.
During the month of October State
Organizer Peter F. Gilroy visited
camps at ' Dixon, Chico, Navaville,
Yuba City, Marysville, Tuolumne,
Napa, Petaluma, Fortuna, Ferndale,
Eureka and Oakland. At each place
visited he was greeted by a large at
tendance of members, and everywhere
there was a great deal of enthusiasm
manifested. This was added to by the
forcible and logical talks of the State
organizer, who Is one of the most pleas-
Ing and eloquent speakers In the order
at this time. The State organizer left
last week' for the southern part of the
State, and in addition to delivering the
dedicatory address at Los Angeles
upon the opening of a new temple ded
icated to ' woodcraft' he will visit the
camps In that city and In Redlands.
Riverside and Long Beach and at each
place deliver an address for the good of
the order."
Applewood Camp, recently Insti
tuted, was called upon last week by
the visiting committee of the campaign
general committee. After addresses
by the visitors they and tha members
«f Ux« camp w era treated to an appla
Woodmen of the World.
Pacific Parlor No. 10 of the Native
Sons of the Golden West Is arranging
for a grand invitational ball to be
given in Native Sons' Hall on the
night of December 7 In celebration of
the twenty-second anniversary of its
institution. The function will be a strict
ly full dress affair. "Patrick Henry"
Dam. who lately became a benedict,
and "Statesman" Locke have returned
from a trio to the World's Fair at St.
Louis. The firs£ named was the re
cipient of many congratulations. The
silver-tongued orator of this ''parlor,
Daniel A. Ryan, has, also become a
benedict. Elections will soon be* In
order, and those who are anxious for
parlor honors are extending "the glad
hand" to all members. G. A. Mar
shall, who / at the previous election
came within one of being elected mar
shal, purposes to run again, believing
in the old motto, "If at first you don't
succeed, try, try again."
The masquerade ball that was given
by Dolores Parlor Drum Corps last
week in Mission Parlor Hall was a
most successful affair. The. galleries
were filled with spectators who Intent
ly watched the many who were in cos
tume* on the floor. There was a well
arranged: programme of dances, ex
cellent music . arid most obliging com
mittees. Dolores Is up-to-date in so
cial affairs.
Fifty natives who reside in the "gum
boot district'.' have agreed to organize
themselves into a new parlor of the
Native Sons of the Golden West which
shall be called Guadaloupe, and it is
expected that when the dispensation
for a charter is granted there will be
Native Sons.
Mission Council had a ladles' night In
Mission Masonic Hall last week, which
was attended by a very large number
of people, wha enjoyed a fine pro
gramme of entertainment.
Golden Gate Council at Its last meet
ing had one candidate to initiate and It
received three applications. i\ w -'
i E> Capitan had twenty applications
presented to it at its meeting last week.
These will be Initiated on the night
of November 17 on the occasion of the
visit of the San Francisco cabinet. The
work of the evening will be followed
by a banquet.
Pacific Council at its meeting last
week initiated two candidates and then
had a pleasant social honr.
El Dorado Council of th» National
Union at Its last meeting Initiated one
stranger and received two applications.
California Council at its first meet
ing this month received four applica
tions and under good of the order list
ened to a most interesting address by
Charles J. Kavanagh of Chicago, gen
eral solicitor of the senate of the or
der.
Darina Parlor had a most 'enjoyable
party, an Impromptu programme, in its
new meeting place in Scandla Hall on
the last Monday in October, when there
were Hallowe'en games and the serv
ing of a collation, then dancing. Dur
ing the early part of the evening the
parlor initiated Leonora Hughes, a well
known singer of this city.
There is a movement afoot to raise
a fund by popular subscription among
the members of the order in the State,
a fund to' be used for the purpose of
erecting a suitable monument over the
grave of the late Tina L. Kane, who
was the first president of the order,
and whose remains were recently laid
to rest in the cemetery at Jackson, Am
ador County. The matter will be taken
up by a committee to be .appointed
from parlors in the county named, as
sisted by two of the grand officers, who
were born in that county, Grand Sec
retary Miss Frakes and Grand Trus
tee Teresa 'Muldoon.
tee Teresa Muldoon. The local papers
highly. compliment the eulogy deliver
ed by Past Grand President Keith
Aloha Parlor No. 105 of Oakland had
a very pleasant entertainment 'in For
esters' Hal^ in that city last week,
when there was presented an Interest-
Ing programme of varied numbers, mu
sical and literary, and an exhibition
drill by the team of La Vespero Pari
lor of this city, Captain Mae O'Con
nor commanding.
, Grand President Mrs. Camlnetti'has
been visiting a number of the parlors
in the northern part of the State and
wherever she went she found a cor
dial welcome and much enthusiasm in
the Darlors.
The grand president and other grand
officers will officially visit Darina Par
lor November 14, Calaveras Parlor on
the 15th, Buena Vista Parlor on the
17th and La Estrella Parlor, on the 19th.
The bazaar given In the Native Sons'
building recently under the direction
of Minerva Parlor was a very pleasant
affair.
Native Daughters.
National Union.
The unmarried members of Columbia
Lodge No. 127, I. O..B. B., have decided
to revive the organization that once ex
isted under that name. It will be purely
a social body and will.be conducted on
the lines of the former association.
Each name will have to be submitted
to a committee when an application for
an invitation to a social function is pre
sented. Arrangements are now being
made for the first event, to be given
shortly.
Bachelors of Columbia.
California Lodge of the Rebekahs
will give a grand ball in Golden Gate
Hall on the evening of November 23.
The captain of a French vessel in the
harbor was recently initiated into the
order of Odd Fellows in this city, and
in appreciation of the fact invited the
memtfers of the lodge that initiated him
to a dinner on board of his ship. The
invitation was accepted by about thirty
and all enjoyed a good dinner and an
evening of speeches. <--~V~"
tlon at Palo Alto and one will be Insti
tuted at Los Angeles November 18.
The farce and social which was to
have been given November 2 by Ori
ental Rebekah Lodge had to be post
poned on account of the death of one
of the members. The postponement
was until November 16.
The open meeting of Sherwood
Circle on November 2 and the Japan
ese party given on the 6th, both in the
Alcazar building, were well attended
and each was a success. At the first
there was a most Interesting musical
and literary programme, and then a
boxing exhibition for the benefit of
the ladies, who have not the oppor
tunity to witness such events.- This
was under the direction of an aotive
committee, of which S. Severance
was the chairman. The second event
was directed by a committee com
posed of Marion Morgan, Llllle Sev
erance, Mrs. H. Miller, Miss Hussey,
May Gooley and Carrie Dambacher.
The hall was prettily decorated in
Japanese effects, and nearly all the
members were attired In Japanese
costumes. *The effect under a sub
dued light was pleasing. The ladies
wore in their hats miniature lanterns.
Supreme Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. George J. Berger last week paid
an official visit to Eureka Circle of the
Companions of the Forest in this city
and was well received. During' the
current month she announced visits as
follows: 10th, to Athens Circle. Oak
land; 9th, Bohemian Circle, San Fran
cisco; 10th, Twin Peaks Circle. San
Francisco; 17th, Piedmont Circle.
Oakland; v 21st, Fidelity Circle, San
Francisco; and 28th, to Columbia
Circle, Sacramento.
. A short time since the supreme
grand chief companion, Mrs. Berger,
accompanied by Mrs. . M. Castle, the
supreme grand sub-chief, paid an oX-
Steps are being taken to form Juve
nile courts of girls between the ages
of twelve and sixteen years.
Juvenile Court Star of the West gave
an interesting party last week In cele
bration of an anniversary of the Insti
tution. There was a good programme of
entertainment and dancing. The mu
sic for the .occasion was furnished by
the Foresters' Juvenile band.
Golden Gate Circle of the Compan
ions of the Forest has moved from
Washington Square Hall to the A. O.
F. building and on the 18th inst. will
give a house warming in its new quar
ters.
Santa Amanda Circle will give a so
cial in its hall on the night of Novem
ber 16.
E. A. Freeman is now working as a
general deputy for the Ancient Order
of Foresters In the district of Los An
geles. "V. ;i "¦ '.,• ¦:¦¦
A board of relief of the A. O. F. has
been organized in San Francisco for
the purpose of assisting members of
the order who belong to courts outside
of the city named and who may there
be in sickness or distress. The offi
cers chosen are H. Beaver of Court
Eureka, president; T. Stewart of Court
Sherwood Forest, vice president; F. E.
Trimble of Court Apollo, secretary; F.
A. Rothschild of Court Occidental,
treasurer, and William Bray of Court
America, watchman.
A board to do like work has been or
ganized in Oakland.
Court Bohemian celebrated its fifth
anniversary by giving a banquet to its
members and the grand officers, who
were the guests of the evening.
SOME OF THE ACTIVE WORKERS
IN THE FRATERNAL. SOCIETIES
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Ancient Order Foresters.
Columbia Lodge gave a masquerade
ball recently in Scandla Hall, which
was attended by a large number of
people in fancy and grotesque cos
tumes. It was the first that the lodga
has given and it proved a very delight
ful affair. It was conducted under ths
supervision of William Purdy, who was
the floor manager, Frank Smith,. Mrs.
Charles Waltham and Mrs. Catherine
McCarmick.
The surprise social recently given by
Washington Assembly No. 3, under the
direction of W. J. Tanner. Jesse Star
buck and May Althauser, was a very
enjoyable affair. There was a good
attendance and after dancing a boun
teous collation was served In the ban
quet hall. It was the first social on a
large scale given by thl3 assembly.
Mission Lodge is doing well with tha
assistance of the recently appointed
deputy, A. L. Schrelber.
Elections In this order win be held
on the first meeting night In December.
Progress Lodge has got out a very
unique invitation to attend the "curi
osity shop" of the lodge in its meeting
place In the Red Men's building on
November 18. It Is announced as the
latest and most up to date affair ever
got up by a lodge in this city. This
will be free for all who may wish to
visit the lodgeroom.
Th» Fraternal Brotherhood Band No.
1 gave Its first social and ball in the
Eagles' Hall on the night of Novem
ber 10. ' -¦¦':- ?¦-*•:•' v ¦;'
Fraternal Brotherhood.
J. A. Plecarpo, who has been organiz
ing a parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden .West at Pescadero, Elan Mateo
County, has met with great success,
having sent a petition for a charter
with thirty-five names attached to it.
It has been decided to name it Pebble
Beach Parlor and it will be instituted
November 19, when members of the or
dr from San Francisco, San Mateo,
Redwood City, Half moon Bay and San
ta Cruz will be in attendance to assist.
Those who have signed the roll are en
thusiastic natives and they expect to
build up a first-class, strong parlor.
At the recent session of the Grand
Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons
held in this city the "following well
known nu:.ibers of the order of Native
Sons were in attendance as represen
tatives: Thomas Flint, F. M. Angel
lotti, O. S. Henderson, William S.
Wells, Joseph R. Knowland, ' W. D.
Wagner, Thomas C. Cormy and Drs.
George Cosgrave, H. WV Gottenberg,
Charles W. Decker, Fred L. Arbogast,
H. W. Bennett and C. W. Chapman.
Sequoia Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, has completed arrange
ments for a grand entertainment and
dance to be given in Native Sons' Hall
on Friday evening, November 18. This
parlor has gained quite a reputation for
the first-class entertainments it gives
and it purposes to make this one that
will excell anything previously given.
seventy-five to initiate. A number of
the residents of Ocean View will join.
A few evenings since the prospective
members held a meeting in the hall
of Pathfinder Camp and were instruct
ed in the manner of organizing a par
lor, the speakers being Past President
John Linehan and Charles Stockman of
California Parlor and M. Butler of Hes
perian Parlor. . Emil Cereghino has
been chosen secretary of the temporary
organization. .
The Woodmen of the World of Los
Ar.geles will have a grand parade in
that city on December 10.
There is to be a large class Initia
tion into the protection degree in San
Jose on December 5. which will be fol
lowed by a banquet on December 12 In
honor of the new neighbors.
Redwood Circle No. 72 of the
Women of Woodcraft was visited last
week by a committee of the Busy
Bee campaign, and, as it was the reg
ular social night, there was a pleasant
evening of addresses, entertainment
and dancing.
On the last Wednesday In October
Golden Gate Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft gave an apron and neck
tie party in the banquet hall of the
Odd Fellows' building, which was a
delightful affair. There were nearly
600 persons in attendance. A hand
some pin cushion, donated by Past
Guardian Neighbor Mary Mack el, was
disposed of for a goodly sum, .which
was turned into the social fund. Thi3
circle now has a membership of 230
and It proposes to grow. /.-:.;
At the ball recently given by the
campaign committee In Native Sons'
Hall Bertha Sumner was the floor di
rector and she was assisted by Captain
Allie Perrin and Mary J. Kata as as
sistants. :. .
Mrs. A. F. McMahon, chairman of
the campaign committee and a mem
ber of Redwod Circle, Is at this time a
most active worker for the purpose of
making a record in the matter of hav
ing strangers initiated into the order.
She has with her in this work a corps
of willing workers.
On the last Tuesday in November
the guard of Redwood Circle will give
a ball in Eagles' Hall and arrangements
are being made for a very pleasant
evening.
Mrs. Etta Albright of Alameda, for
merly of this city, and a member of
Redwood Circle No. 72, Woodmen of
the World, a short time since invited
the members of the circle to visit her
in her new home. On the evening of
the last Wednesday in October, a party
composed of the following named,
under escort of Mr. Hoffman, paid a
visit to the -lady named: Mesdames
Staneart, Ambrose, Nevln, " Wilder,
Harris, Tickneri Hoffman ¦ Hatfleld,
Seavy, Rhode, Moore, Heinz and Gil
more, and Misses Wilder and Rhode.
At their destination they were received
by the hostess, assisted by Mrs. Olive
Smith, Mrs. C. Smith and her daughter,
Nellie, of Oakland, and Mesdames* Gib
son, Hobson, Johnson, Anderson, Rob
inson, Laudrlsen and Brown. 'A very
delightful social evening was spent.
Major General Rapsoh has recently
been reappolnted for the third time on
the staff of the major general of the
Uniform Rank of the Knights of
Pythias.
State Organizer Gilroy instituted a
new camp known as Vista del Mar at
Ventura.
pie feast, a pie for every one present.
Major General Will E. Rapson, com
manding the department of the West,
Uniform Rank, W. O. W., returned
last week from an extended tour in
the interest of the rank. He visited
San Jose, Santa Cruz, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Santa Monica, Bakers
field, Hanfprd,- Fresno, Visalia, Por
terville, Stockton, Livermore. Berke
ley and East Oakland. This to arouse
an enthusiasm in the rank for the en
campment to be held at Los Angeles
in May of next year. On many of
these visits the commanding officer
was accompanied by John H. Foley,
inspector general.
At the monthly meeting of the auxil
iary in Utopia Hall, Elks' building,
there was an unusually large attend
ance of members, and during the busi
ness session Mrs. Walter K. Fletcher
and Mrs. C. Gebhart were admitted by
initiation. After the business session
Mrs. E. P. Heald, Mrs. R. W. Neal and
Mrs. George Newman presided at a
luncheon served on tables covered with
violets, filling the hail with a delicate
sweet perfume. Those who attended
the session were: Mrs-. W. R. Jones,
president; Mrs. P. F. Ferguson, first
vice president; Mrs. Timothy Jay
Crowley. second vice president pro
tempore; Mrs. E. J. Mooser, secretary;
Mrs. H. Ladd. assistant ' secretary;
Mrs. S. A. McDonnell, treasurer; Mrs.
W. A. Atwood, Mrs. H. F. Barbier, Mrs.
G. W. Bennett, Mrs. G. W. Brown,
Mrs. W. C. Campbell, Mrs. A. M. Cox,
Mrs. William Crocker. Mrs. Samuel A.
Clarke. Mrs. John B. Charleston, Mrs.
C. T. Cleve. Mrs. William F. Cordes,
Mrs. H. Damkroeger, Mrs. G. E. Dorn,
Mrs. T. B. de Witt, Mrs. Edward F.
Eastman, Mrs. John P. Fraser, Mrs.
Isaac Grant, Mrs. Hiram T. Graves,
Mrs. E. W. Gates, Mrs. George Haas,
Mrs. T. L. Henderson, Mrs. A. Hro
mada, Mrs. Charles F. Humphrey, Mrs.
E. F. Joy, Mrs. Mathais Johnson, Mrs.
Frank Johnson, Mrs. F. W. Koenlg,
Mrs. Anton Kreig, Mrs. J. F. Logan,
Mrs. J. W. Lowe, Mrs. Richard E. Mil
ler, Mrs. J." F. Mclntosh, Mrs. H. K.
MeJunken, Mrs. C. C. Moorehouse, Mrs.
J. L. Prior, Mrs. T. Patterson Ross,
Mrs. John W. Reis, Mrs. George Seibe,
Mrs. Frank S. Snell, Mrs. R. W. Smith,
Mrs. W. W. Stocker, Mrs. C. W. Taber,
Mrs. F. H. West, Mrs. George W. Witt
man, Mrs. M. A. Wheaton, Mrs. James
B. Bocarde, Mrs. James Packer Jr.,
Mrs. James Young, Mrs. James Stanley
Ewing, Misses E. Murray and Eva
Powell. Mr. and Mrs. James B. Bo
carde will entertain the ladies of the
auxiliary and their husbands in their
new home this month, a home that is
admirably adapted to the entertaining
of a large number of persons.
The Ladies' Auxiliary to California
Commandery of the Knights Templar
gave a theater party at the Majestic
last week, and at the close of the per
formance partook of a supper at one
of the leading restaurants. The com
mittee that had charge of the party
was composed of Mrs. Robert W. Neal
and Mrs. E. P. Heald. Those who at
tended the supper were: Mr. and Mrs.
W. R. Jones, Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Heald,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert W. Neal, Mr. and
Mrs. R. E. Miller. Mr. and Mrs. W. K.
Fletcher, Mr. and Mrs. S. B. Bogard,
Mr. and Mrs. G. H. Newman, Mr. and
Mrs. Morser, Mr. and Mrs. Gebhart,
Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Clarke, Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Humphreys, Mr. and Mrs.
T. P. Ross, Mr. and Mrs. William
Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. J. Young, Mr.
and Mrs. T. J. Crowley.
Ladies' Auxiliary, K. T.
El Dorado Circle has changed Its
meeting place from Washington
Square Hall to the Shiels building and
has also changed its meeting night
from Thursday to the second and
fourth Friday of each month.
presents was a gold backed toilet set
from the circle.
The following are the appointed of
ficers of the Grand Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern- Star Installed at
the recent session of that body In this
city: Eliza V. Gould. San Francisco,
grand conductress; Adel H. Hamilton.
Sacramento, associate conductress;
Georglana Polhemus, San Diego,
chaplain; Jennie Abbott Graves, San
Francisco, marshal; Minnie Maxwell,
Sacramento, organist; Jennie M. Say,
Santa Paula, Adah: Cora Wood, Men
docino. Ruth; Belle R. Flint. Oak
land, Esther; Josephine March, Al
hambra, Electa; Nellie S. Ganter,
Napa, warder, and Lucy Emminger,
Livermore, sentinel.
Ivy Chapter had a pleasant card
party after the close of its meeting on
the fourth Tuesday in October. On
November 22 the present officers of
Ivy will initiate for the last time this
Eastern Star year. \ The event will be
made one that will mark a bright
page In the history of the chapter.
The members of King Solomon
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
Star and their friends had a very
pleasant time in Lyric Hall on the
evening of the last Wednesday in Oc
tober. There was a fine programme
of dance numbers, which was greatly
enjoyed under the directorship of
Floor Manager D. J. O'Keeffe, assist
ed by Albert Albrecht, F. F. Ralston,
Deidrlch Wolpman, Edward J. Clark,
Deidrich Uhte, Arthur Buescher and
Arnold W. Leichti. The success of
this very delightful function was due
to the careful consideration of the
comfort of members and .guests by the
committee of arrangements, composed
of Ida B. Spence, Arthur J. Sparrow,
Jessie S. Clark and Veronica Miller.
All the chapters of the order elect
ed officers for the ensuing year at
the first meeting of the current month.
Starr King Chapter has elected the
following named officers for the en
suing term: Zelda Glazer, matron;
Arnold Glazer, patron; Adelaide
Hickei, associate matron; Sarah Da
vid, secretary; Sarah Cohn, treasurer;
Helen Cohn. conductress, and Jennie
Cohn, associate conductress.. It Is
probable that the installation will be
In Commandery . Hall, Masonic Tem
ple.
Eastern Star.
Court Seal Rock has arranged for a
smoker in its hall on the night of
its first meeting in December.
High Chief Ranger 'Stewart has been
Invited to attend at a public meeting
to be given by Court Chico on Novem
ber 30 and has accepted.
Court Solano of Vallejo. assisted by
Companion Court Marguerite, had an
anniversary celebration last week
which proved to be a very delightful
affair. High Chief Ranger Stewart and
Supreme Representative Cameron at
tended the event.
High Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart ot
the High Court of California, Indepen
dent Order of Foresters, has appointed
the following as deputies for the cur
rent Forestic year: General deputies—
R. C. Stiller of Court Endeavor, Ern
est C. Stock of Court Terba Buena. J.
B. Knudson of Court Diana, William
Stewart of Court Southern Heights, Ed
N. Cameron and Oscar Spurgean of
Court Golden Gate and Nellie D. Kuss
of Companion Court Golden Gate and
J. P. Streegel of Court Seal Rock; dis
trict deputies— Mrs. LllHe Petroschka
of Companion Court Yerba Buena, Mrs.
E. E. Murphy of Companion Court
Golden Gate and Mrs. Mabel Knudson
of Companion Court Diana, J. C. Schil
lin of Court Endeavor, M. C. Aros of
Court San Francisco. Paul Mblter of
Court Yerba Buena, J. Burke of Court
Diana, W. A. Hoyt of Court Golden
Era, George Dow of Court Southern
Heights, E. E. Northrup of Court Mis
sion, A. B. Johnson of Court Seal Rock.
C. A. Driscoll of Court Preclta. L. H.
Lucas of Court Alcyon. R. A. Pabst of
Court Acacia, George Healing of Court
Point Lobos and W. H. Brown of Court
Apollo. Commissions as general depu
ties were also issued to O. K. Brown,
high secretary; A. L. Darrow. high au
ditor, and H. H. Schroder, high mes
senger. These deputies, except the last
three, organized, as the board of San
Francisco deputies and elected William
Stewart chairman, W. H. Brown vice
chairman, C. A. Driscoll secretary, J.
B. Knudson treasurer. The board will
meet on the first and third Friday of
each month and has adopted a plan
of action that it is believed will result
in a marked increase in the order.
Independent Foresters.
The members of Buena Vista Parlor
are busy preparing for the presenta
tion of the comic operetta to be pre
sented in Native Sons' Hall on the
night of November 17. The following
named are the committee in charge:
Mesdames Greene, Webber, Campbell,
Qulnlan, Hanlon, Simpson, Noble and
Gull, and Misses Lewis, Curran, TIcou
let, Phillips, Casey, Barnes, Weiss,
Levy and Dewey. After tha operetta
there will be dancing.
The entertainment that was given re
cently by Sans Souci Parlor In aid of
Its fund for the sick produced quite a
neat sum. The features of the pro
gramme of that night were comic spe
cialties by Boyle and Lewis and the
Dulcie sisters, monologues by Charles
Clarke and Dealy and Sheen.
over the body of the late grand pres
ident.
During the latter part of • October
:he rr.:mbers of Justice Circle of
Napa, accompanied by friends, gave
Past Arch Druidess Miss Frances A.
Arnltz a. surprise visit at the home of
Mrs. E, Arnltz, her mother, on First
street, in order to congratulate her
on the anniversary of her birth and
to ofter many tokens of love and af
fection. Miss Arnitz Is at this time
deputy grand arch druidess for Jus
tice Circle, a member of Minnetonka
Council of the T Vcree of Pocahontas
end an officer of the Mystic .Workers
at Napa. One of the most beautiful
The following night the grand of
ficers named, accompanied by Grand
Trustee Charlotte Christ, Past Grand
Arch Druidess Mrs. Sorensen and Past
Arch Druid Christ of Modesto paid a
visit to Evergreen Circle of .Stockton,
where two strangers were initiated in
a creditable manner. The officers
Mere complimented for the memorized
work. After addresses by the visiting
officers a supper was served in the
banquet halL The tables were- deco
rated with sxnilax and autumn leaves.
A new circle will be Instituted dur
ing the current month in Stockton.
Jennie S. Clark, a member of Boa
dicea Circle of this city, but now a
resident of Sacramento, is organizing
a circle In that city.
Monte Verde Grove tendered a re
ception on November 8 to Past Noble
Grand Arch C. A. Guglielmoni, who
recently returned from the Supreme
Grove, where he was a representative
from California. This wrs in Mission
opera Hall.
Germania Circle of the Druidessep,
recently instituted with sixty-threo
members and which in ten days' time
increased its membership to 100, gave
its first banquet In the Shiela building
on the last Saturday in October. There
were present more than a hundred
persons, including many of the of
ficer* of the Grand Circle. Arch
Druidess Mrs. Sonderman presided
and after the discussion of a most ex
cellent repast there was the presenta
tion of a basket of handsome flowers
to the arch druidess in appreciation
of what she had done in the organiza
tion of the new circle and then ad
dresses by Grand Arch Druidess Olga
Heiden, Grand Second Bard Maria
Baumann, Grand Secretary Augusta
Thornhill. Grand Organist Eva Wolff,
the past grand secretary; Acting
Grand Conductress Mrs. J. S. Godeau,
Grand Trustee Ramona McManus,
Mesdamec Marks, Gerken and Beck
man, Joe M. Wolff and E. C. Stock of
Baadicea Circle.
Grand Arch Druidess Heiden, ac
companied by Grand Secretary Thorn
hill, paid an official visit on the last
Wednesday In October to Llvermore
Circle, when for the purpose of ex
f mplification the ability of the officers
to perform the ritualists work seven
* andidates were given the degree. The
circle was instructed in the work 'of
Hie order, including balloting. On be
half of the circle Arch Druidess Gard
rnmeyer thanked the grand officers
for the information imparted. The
work of the evening was followed by
a banquet, at which the grand of
n>ers and Past Noble Grand Arches
Lewis and Beck spoke.
The annual banquet of the Past Arch
Association was held in the Druids'
Temple on the last Sunday in October.
C. F. Wedemeyer, the president, was
th*> toastmaeter and after the discus
tion of a bountiful supper, partaken of
by many members of the association
i\nd ladies, there was the presentation
of a handsome emblematic charm to
L. M. Fabbry, the retiring president.
by Pact Noble Grand Arch Georee H.
Bahrs on behalf of the association, in
recognition of his zealous efforts in
behalf of the organization and order.
Then there were responses to toasts by
Past Noble Grand Arches Bahrs and
Henry Lange. L. M. Fabbrv. Deputy
Grand Arch W. G. Antonovlch, Grand
Trustee W. Gallagher. Supreme Arch
James F. Martlnoni. E. C. Stock, L. A.
Wolff. Supreme Representative Harry
Menke, Dr. de Bruyne and Alternative
Supreme Representative D. Bamman
ar.d Past Noble Grand Arch Julius S.
Godeau.
The officers of McKinley Grove of the
V. A. O. D. were Installed on the night
of the first Thursday in November in
the social hall of the Alcazar build
ing in the presence of a laree number
of people. The installation, which was
entirely without book, was by Forest
Coburn. acting as noble grand arch:
District Deputy C. F. Wachter. acting
as deputy grand arch; Dr. B. F. Mc-
Elroy, grand secretary; Robert Zowas
ky, grand treasurer; E. C. Stock, grand
marshal, and W. 11. Bowe. grand inside
guardian. The officers installed are:
J. H. Peterson. Junior past arch: Thom
a«= T. Thornton, noble arch: R. Arellano,
vice arch; P. A. O'Connor, recording
secretary; H. Jensen, financial secre
tary; John Peterson, conductor: J. La
liarthe, inside guardian, and E. Woods,
outside guardian. W. H. Bowe. Alfred
Kahl and J. B. Vignau. trustees. The
installation, In the prettily decorated
hall, was most favorably commented
on. After the ceremony there was
dancing for nearly three hours. The
new noble arch has been one of the
most active workers of the grove and
he expects, during his term, to make
a. remarkable gain in membership.
The following were installed as the
officers, of Boadicea Circle No. 3 of the
Arch Druidesses: Elizabeth Sullivan,
arch druidess; Nellie Ray, first bard.
Rnd Mrs. H. H. Standish. second bard:
William N. Dingle, recording secretary;
Mrs. L. J. Coffman. treasurer. The
Jlnancial secretary-elect tendered her
resignation and the vacancy will be
filled at the next meeting. After the
ceremony of installation there was pre
*.rnted to Mrs. Rachel .Samuels, the re
tiring arch druidess, a beautiful em
blematic gold badge of her rank In the
order. This, in recognition of her serv
ices under sometimes very trying posi
tions in the administration of the af
fairs of the circle. When Mrs. Sam
uels was elected to the chair there
¦was not a few who predicted that she
« ould prove a very commonplace offi
cial, but the first night she assumed
the duties of office she manifested a
remarkable knowledge of lodge work
and also of the initiatory work, being
able to do the latter without book.
Flowers were also presented to Mrs.
Samuels, to the new arch druidess and
to Mrs. McKeown, the deputy who in
stalled the officers. A collation fol
lowed the close of the lodge.
flcial visit to Fresno Circle, In the city
of that name. The circle was found
In a 'good condition, and so pleased
were the visitors that they promised
to visit the circle again, fraternally,
not officially. Five strangers present
ed applications for membership and
two others were initiated In a man
ner that was very creditable. After
the work of the evenlns there was a
collation and speech-making for the
good of the circle and the order In
general.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
22"MIMI," AX ADMIRED STUDY, BY MRS. ADA ROMER SHAWHAN. j
But coincident with the European
recognition of the new note in art
out here on the ocean's edge come
rasping* and croakings and hissings
from among the high priests In the lo
cal temple of art strangely out of tune
with the divine apprenticeship each
artist seeks to serve. In short and,
in the parlance of the West, the
"knocker" Is not unknown e'en In the
elysian world of Idealism, where the
gross, the sordid and the Jealous
hideous word, green and slimy are
thought to hold no place. But alack!
and alas! Leaping upward now and
then, like a tongue of flame from Pe
lee, comes a blast from the nether na
ture of an artist to scorch the name
and effort of a fellow worker.
And with ahame be it said! For it
ing to the fore the story the
artist would tell — and behold spon
taneity and Individuality in the tell
ing. That is the note that the art
centers of Europe are harkening
unto and that they proclaim — and not
in timorous whispers — to mean an in
fusion of a new spirit into the world's
work in art. Then a health to our
California artists— many of whom felt
the thrill and the throb of their art
long before they knew a note of tech
nique! And therein lay the virginity
of their efforts, with sky and sea and
purple upland the vestal handmaidens.
fNDIVTDUALITY la the key
note of California art. To be
rure. the reason therefor Is
not far to seek, isolation forc-
Yesterday afternoon Maynard Dixon
and Xavier Martinez— a mighty inter
esting pair of chaps— held a reception
at their studio. 728 Montgomery street.
Of distinct personalities, these two art
ists present distinct types of work —
one complementary to the other— and
both are types worth knowing, the
men and their work.
Dlxon's "Prayer" is as holy a thing
as an old mission. A solitary, figure
standing against a limitless expanse of
sky, with a limitless waste of desert
stretching far to -the east and west,
with hands outstretched to the Great
Spirit for succor in a supreme moment,
it is an epic. And in technique— but
why revert to mechanisms, when the
thing done is the th|ng sought for?
appear pretty and Impossible. Peters
has perfected moonlight, the sil
very wrap of earth, but moonlight Is
not of Peters' making— nor does he
think so, nor does any painter worthy
of his art. He has reduced it to can
vas so you may bathe in It, dream In
It — even grow foolish in It, so true is
the mystic spell. But any other son
of man with like cleverness is at liberty
to do the same — but he hasn't, as yet.
Nevertheless the moonlight, the oaks,
the sunsets, the glistening sand dunes,
the flowers that grow — all these, and
everything that is — are for those. who
see them. His ability to portray them
on canvas Is the* only distinction that
any artist may honestly claim.
Then the devil bear away the "knock
ers" — those within the land of Bohemia
— 'tis no place for them.
As to honest and kindly and liberal
criticism that is another story. For
that, any true seeker for the higher
development is amply grateful when
given in the spirit of helpfulness. Hon
est criticism is the pruning knife of
all human endeavor, but in the hands
of an unskillful or a designing manip
ulator the most promising offshoots
and buds are ofttimes lopped off.
In my little studio chats I am not a
little amused at the ''art of appropria
tion" indulged in — apparently without
consciousness — by some of our very
best brush-poets. Says one, "There,
see that fellow over there — he's copying
my oaks, my deep somber lights and
my sunsets.' Now, what do you think
of a fellow who will do that?" — Just
as if God, the Good Giver, had issued to
him a patent on the oaks and somber
lights and sunsets. Or you will hear
"that fellow over there is doing moon
lights. Now, moonlights belong to Pet
ers." Ah! such an absurdity! To such a
poet-painter as Charles Rello Peters, I
doubt not that such a limitation would
is to such* men and women— those of
God's children who see and hear and
feel— that the world should look for
the highest Idealism in living. But
the fact remains that t there are In San
Francisco men who tarnish their own
good names by scoffing and unworth
ily criticizing the honest, and earnest
efforts of men and women who have
not yet caught the world's eye, but
who are fast "arriving" despite the
heavy handicap of the scorn of their
fellows.
Throughout the week Miss Maren
Froelich has been holding "open house"
at her studio, 609 Sacramento street,
with a most excellent brew of tea: on
tap — and such ¦ a charming array of
summer sketches as to whisk one
away to the shimmering sands of Car-)
mel-by-the-Sea or northward to the
primeval forests, where the sun sinks
red between the giant branches.
Among the ¦ most fascinating of her
pictures is the "Dunes of \ Carmel-by
the Sea," a white stretch of sand, pure
The women artists are busy as bees —
notably Mrs. Ada Romer Shawhan,
who, in her eyrie at Market and Sixth
streets, is doing many things worth
while.' Here "Mimi," sat for by Linda
Montanari during the first production of
La Boheme in this city, is one of the
cleverest things done by Mrs. Shaw
han and one of the most fascinating
portraits now on exhibition In the city.
Poor Mlml is . seen In the painting
as entering her lover's studio, beauti
ful e'en though the icy touch of death
had marked her for his own.
Martinez has many fascinating
studies, done while with Gerome, the
great Parisian, but the truth to tell,
methlnks- his own work, done with a
loose lease, Is his finest endeavor— and
since Martinez himself thinks: so,
there's no quarrel due. .
Another reception is planned for next
Saturday, by the way — when football
Is not in the air — and as large a stream
of visitors is looked for as called yes
terday. There's good tea at the Dix
on-Martlnez atelier, by the way!
The Tilden statue that James D.
Phelan presented to San Francisco,
typical of the native son, Is perhaps
the best known bit of art work of the
West. Its l^erolc poise, beckoning as
it does the great East to follow, the
sun's course, toward the West, has
made it symbolic of Western progress.
It figured on the cover of Charles Sedff
wlck Aiken's book on San Frsm
cisco, 300,000 copies of which were given
away at St. Louis. And thus is our
art becoming an integral part of San
Francisco, which' is evolving from its
"chromo" state by the blessings of sky
and sea and purple mountains. I
In the same building— the Studio
building— Is , Mrs. Sarah Bender de
Wolf, who is doing excellent work in
flowers and fruits. Mrs. de Wolf is
busy now upon some luscious grapes,
whose coloring and sheen are really
exquisite. They're horribly tempting,
these grapes— tantalizing, one might
say. 'VlV'/yfe*
land white as a woman's breast, swell
ing gently and falling again in the
soft symbolism of the wind's caresses.
Blossoms of. pink and purple snuggle
close to the white breast of nature,
. with the breath of the sea and sand
rising as incense to the turquoise sky.
Then there are ballet girls and chub
by Chinese children, and snatches of
landscape that make up a charming
collection. A busy maid has been this
same Miss Froelich during the dreamy
summer days. And what a fascinat
ing studio, with just the right sort of
atmosphere for mental pictures! Miss
Froelich will continue her exhibit
through next week.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS
INDIVIDUALITY THE KEYNOTE OF CALITORNIA ART
"The Fatal Wedding," probably the
The Alcazar will have a revival of
much interest this week in the best of
the Clyde Fitch comedies, "The
Climbers." This will be the first time
that the , comedy has been given by a
stock company.
"The County Chairman" at the Co
lumbia has made one of the hits of
the season. It is a play that every one
will like, full of people one likes and
meets every day. The audiences are
large, and nightly Increasing.
ANOTHER CLYDE FITCH
" COMEDY TO BE SEEX
AT ALCAZAR THEATER
e
making up, but I have rather lost my
voice lately — "
Mildly Mr. Roberts quizzed her then,
as I came away with, "I haven't
missed it, dear."
THEODORE ROBERTS. APPEAR
ING AT THE COLUMBIA IX
"THE • COUNTY CHAIRMAN."
"We are supposed to Kendallze the
profession in America," Mrs. Roberts
enlarged. "We always travel together,
and" I always read to him while he is
*
gotten to mention them. I think your
Miss Williams is a wonder."
I mentioned Ibsen then, as I re
membered that Mr. Roberts had ap
peared in the only American produc
tion of "Rosmersholm," produced last
spring. Mr. Roberts jabbed down the
property cigar he was lighting, and
Mrs. Roberts gently interpolated that
her husband was "anti-any cult, in
fact, naturally forninst."
Mr. Roberts then objected to the
Ibsen fashion of making "his char
acters pick their teeth with sequoias
and cry thunderstorms." Nor did he
think the plays were essentially dra
matic, the lines of thought being too
simple and. obvious. He instanced
"The Joy of Living" as an ideally dra
matic play, three or four crossing
threads of thought continually in play.
"In Ibsen,' he said, "one person thinks
and the other sits and sees him think.
He chews the thing on one side, then
turns it over and chews the other, then
back again and over again — why, they
could do all that backing and filling
in one act easy!"
Mrs. Roberts flung in the apologetic
suggestion that perhaps the Ibsen
reading they were going in for next
summer might change his mind. He
didn't think it would.
• • •
Fischer's continues the family
vaudeville bill.
The Fetching Brothers In their
charming "Musical Flower Garden"
sketch, will hold the Chutes audience
this week.
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Murphy, favorites
with the Orpheum contingent of some
few years ago, will reappear on O'Far
rell street this afternoon, with a sketch
entitled "Why Doogan Swore Off."
"Hearts Aflame" will be the Majestic
bill this week. Adele Block, last sea
son with the Alcazar, returns to San
Francisco as leading woman in the
play. Howard Gould and J. H. Gil
mour both appear in the cast.
The Central will have the stirring
war drama "Winchester" this week.
• . «
"The Messenger Boy" enters upon its
third week at the Tivc-li to-morrow
evening:. ¦ , '
Farce will reign at the California this
week, "The Friend of the Family," for
which a good cast is promised.
best known of all recent melodramas,
will be staged at the Grand Opera
house this afternoon.
ITEMS OF INTEREST
ABOUT THE PLATERS
AND THEIR PLAYS
Boston has stamped the Henry Sav
age" production of "Parsifal" wlthvjhe
seal of its moat august approval. Praise
is accorded to it on all hands, cast, in
terpretation and staging. The produc
tion is now trying its luck in New York.
The first night performance of
"Granny," the Clyde Fitch . comedy
that was written for the farewell of
Mrs. G. H. Gilbert, is described in this
week's Dramatic Mirror as "a cere-
mony, a beautiful, sentimental cere
mony, such as playgoers rarely enjoy.**
Three weeks the play is to run. and
with it. as a star for the first time in
her life, dear old Mrs. Gilbert takes
her honorable leave of tha stage she
has served so* long.
'"¦¦ • : ¦¦¦ V • • •
Of much local Interest is the produc
tion of "The Baroness Fiddlesticks. **
that will be made at the New York Ca
sino on Monday evening next. Tha
opera Is by Emile Bniguiere and George
de Long, both well known locally.
• * • ¦ • ¦ .*
Mrs. Fiske will revive "Hedda Ga
bler" in New York this week.
"It is bead bags now." Mrs. Roberts
pensively added, "and you would won
der at the work he puts Into the study
of them. He is a marvelous worker,
indefatigable In the pursuit of his
schemes while the fad is on — and he al
x^ayis goes through with them. And I
have never once heard him regret
either time, money or labor spent on
them. Once" — Ehe laughed— "he wae
•working on a way to catch crabs. He
did not know enough to dye the nets
and of course they rotted in a few
But Mr. Roberts certainly looks some
kind of genius. Alter his great height
and breadth— the former of which has
prevented his appearance in the "legit
imate" drama — one immediately notes
the burning, brilliant eyes, clear as a
child's, fiery brown as to color, some
times restless, sometimes again in
tensely concentrated in gaze. He has
the Inquisitive nose, bridged hawk
fashion and pointed, and the long chin
of the searcher. Add a head that takes
a 7U hat — '"made to measure," as the
actor laughed over to me as he put
it on to return to the stage— and you
have other presumptive evidence of
unusual capacities.
It wag Mrs. Roberts that told me
what direction these had taken, as her
husband went back to the mimic elec
tioneering of the stage. She told me
first that it was from Captain Roberts,
a well-known figure in earlier San
Francisco history, that Mr. Roberts in
herited his inventive genius. The coal
screens still used along the water front
testify to Roberts' pere's creative fac
ulty-
'•Our house." Mrs. Roberts began,
laughing— "this reads charmingly for
publication — bears witness in every
corner to Mr. Roberts' inventive ca
pacity. He really is a genius that way.
We have bookcases, chiffoniers, shelves
—shelves to the right of you, shelves to
the left of you— everything in the car
pentering line. But oh! the shavings
end the smells and the noise! I often
wonder what the neighbors think.
Last spring Mr. Roberts was working
on a bottle that could be smashed over
Uncle Tom's head by Legree and that
would hold water. He made one all
right. It is a compound of tar and
shellac and shivers Into fragments Just
like real glass. But the smell and the
smoke we had! And then Mr. Roberts
thinks nothing in the heat of invention
of taking— as he did— an old silver tea
pot, an heirloom, to pour out the tar!"
I offered sympathy and asked for
more.
ks like an actor and you don't."
Big, bluff, in the linen vest and
dragged coat of J!m Hackler in "The
County Chairman." the actor stood
there, mopping no stage dew from his
great brow. It was election night and
he had Just been reading the returns.
He gave a final swab with the Hackler
red handkerchief and said, after greet
ing me: "It's a landslide for Roose
velt—no flght. The people are not in
terested in the returns any more. Par
ker had no more show than I had."
As he patched then at the Jointure
of wig and brow, somewhat disturbed
by the excitement, he laughed: "This
wig was copied after Bryan's— they say
we look somewhat alike. Do you see
It?"
"No." I said, "I think Mr. Bryan
Mrs. Roberts told roe that "inter
viewers generally found that she could
give them points." She can. The one
trouble is that the vastness of the
material rather induces despair. Page
after page I scribbled down, of witty
c^id interesting conjugal comment, and
am utterly embarrassed by choice
amor.g it. Suffice to say that if Mrs
Roberts ever turns biographer for one
of the oddest and most original char
acters that ever trod the stage there
will be a book worth reading.
Mrs. Theodore Roberts should know
and me «ays that Mr. Theodore Roberta
is "an actor in his leisure time and an
Inventor when he is at work." This is
sot the only thing Mrs. Roberts told
me about Mr. Roberts. I went to see
Mr. Roberts the other night behind the
scenes and found the dressing-room
full of Robertses, the tremendous six
feet one and a half of the actor, the
comely five feet something of Mrs.
Roberts and stilJ more Roberts, for Mr.
Roberts is a native son and owns much
kin here.
George Ade of. course came up after
that, and interesting in the extreme
was Mr. Roberts' little sketch of the
dramatist, gentle, retiring, kindness it
self, and much liked among men. His
dislike of the theatrical the actor
phrased thus: "Ade has a fit at any
thing like theatricalism. He was con
tinually down on overemphasis — no
dotting the 'I' of a joke. And Mr. Sav
age is wholly with him. Savage says:
"We're banking on Ade's humor, and if
the audience can't get it wlthcmt your
flinging it at them they must go with
out it. You Just play the author and
never mind advertising the actor.'
And that's what we are trying to do.
Then again, as you were kind enough
to say this morning— (and I want to
say that San Francisco — and I'm
proud of it, I know they know a good
thing when . they see it — is the only
city where there has been not the
slightest adverse criticism) — our com
pany is not a 'No. 2' company. I don't
think there is $250 a week difference
in the salary list between ours and the
original company. Also, in some In
stances I think the company playing
here Is* even better than the one at
Wallack's."
"The little milliner and the drum
mer," I surmised hastily, and he
nodded. "I am desolee to have for-
Keffron in "Cleopatra," the Indian in
"The Girl I Left Behind Me," and his
part in "Arizona," in which Mr. Rob
erts made such a hit In London, were
instanced as among: his favorite roles;
end of his part in "The County Chair
man," after acknowledging that he
liked It greatly, the actor said it was
one of the very few roles in which he
appeared without much make up— "got
a cold, in fact, from taking it off."
Mr. Roberts came into this with: "I
never could 'play* lovers," with a ten
der glance wifeward.
Then Joh.i began to speak for him
self. It was in old Magulre's day at
the California that the actor made his
debut. In shrewd and humorous fash
ion he described him, the manager who
had no c-mce"t>ut the sidewalk in front
of the theater. v *
"I went to him the day after I made
my debut," recounted me actor, his
eyes glinting merrily, "fully expecting
that Tom would give me the lead the
following week. But all he said, and
I shall never forget it— remember, I
was very thin then— was this: 'Can't
you keep your heels in and not stand
like a pair of cc-mpasses?' "
Regretfully he tc-ld me then that his
height had prevented his appearance in
the "legitimate" drama, but of how it
had been useful in his eight years' en
gagement with Fanny Davenport.
Femininely Mrs. Roberts elucidated
that "Miss Davenport was a wise as
well as large woman, who knew that
large men made her look more girlish
by contrast."
How Mr. Roberts gilded the kitchen
rocker, wj.b planning to clear the New
York streets of snow by heating them,
how Mrs. Roberts had discovered him
as a comedian, how she had prevented
him from playing Romeo and Pygmali
on — for which the American stage
should be grateful — and so on, busily
occupied the time until the actor re
turned. Mre. Roberts was just saying:
"He never could play lovers."
With an attempt at archness I asked:
"What! never?"
'•But Mr. Roberts is so rabidly loyal
that he wouldn't kill even a flea that
was Californlan," his wife laughed.
"This engagement Is a great pleasure
to him. you know. He thinks of it as
Just fun, as a boy who is going to
speak a piece for his mother. Mrs.
Roberts is out in front to-night and It
is the prettiest picture to see them
together. She weighs ninety pounds
and stands about 5 feet."
•weeks. But he mended and netted
them all over again— a herculean task.
I couldn't do that. Oh, he Is really In
teresting, even if you were^not married
to him."
I was quite sure he was, I said.
"You never know," she resumed
comfortably, and one felt a large possi
bility of patience difficult of surprise,
"just where he will break out next.
Besides the bead bags he is working
on a patent for killing flVes now "
"Make it fleas," I said, "and his fop
tune is made!" .
A concert that Is attracting atten
tion Is that which will be given by
Miss Laura Kinze von Kislelnicka at
Steinway Hall on the evening of No
vember 22. Miss Kisielnicka, who
comes from Dresden, is said to be pos
sessed of a fine contralto voice and
•excellent schooling and will be heard
on this side of the bay for the first
time. The singer will be assisted by
Miss Hulda Anderson, pianist, and
Hother Wismer with his violin.
• • •
Nocturne, op. 27, No. 2 (Chopin).
Transcription of Sarasate, Correnta
and Sarabande from Sonata in D
minor (Bach); recitative, "Thy Rebuka
Hath Broken His Heart," aria, "Be
hold and See," from the "Messiah"
(Handel); concerto In the form of a
vocal scena (Spohr); songs from the
"Dichterliebe" (Schumann); Hunga
rian dances, Nos. 2 and 8 (Brahms-
Joachim); quartet, op. 18, No. 4 (Beet
hoven), "Allegro ma non tanto,"
Scherzo — "Andante, Scherzoso quasi
Allegretto," Menuetto — "Allegretto,"
finale — "Allegro," MiS3 Pasmore, Miss
Splnk, John Lewis and Miss Dorothy
Pasmore.
Miss Mary Broeck Pasmore is to give
a violin recital on Thursday evening
next at Century Hall. A sincere and
thoughtful, as well as effectively train
ed talent, is this young girl's and her
recital will doubtless attract deserved
attention. The violinist will be assist
ed by Miss Lillian Spink (vialin), Mls3
Dorothy Pasmore ('cello). Charles
Trowbridge (tenor), John Ray Lewis
(viola), Miss Ada Clement (accom
panist), and H. B. Pasmore (accom
panist). Following is the Interesting
programme:
A Strauss afternoon and an after
noon devoted to Elgar compositions ara
among the contemplated programmes
and the Kneisel quartet will give tha
one professional concert of the club
year.
The Twentieth Century Club is quit©
evidantly doing the work it set out to
do, and doing it in very thorough fash-
Ion.
the "Wohin" and "Ungeduld" of
Schubert and the "Ich LJeb* Olch" of
Beethoven, one heard another singer
of admirable taste and sympathy. Very
interesting again was the performance
of the Corelli sonata in G minor (op.
5). played in spirited and discreet fash
ion by Mrs. Gwynn and Mra.
Hengstler. Its clever pianoforte score,
constructed upon the original bass by
Henry Holmes, was a feature of In
terest. Mrs. Alice Bacon Washington
contributed a thoughtful and unaf
fected reading of the Bach prelude and
fugue In C sharp minor and tha
Brahms intermezzo (op. 117).
It is late to acknowledge the pleas
ure — the rare pleasure — that the last
programme of the Twentieth Century
Club gave me, but perhaps tardy grat
itude is better than none. The club
some two weeks ago gave Its first pro
gramme of the season, and it was of
those peculiarly happy ones that just
seem to happen sometimes. They
should happen frequently with the
Twentieth Century Club. Not only
does the club contain the executive ma
terial, but it offers that sensitive, sym
pathetically exacting ear to the artist
that /impels him— compels him— to his
best effort It is a truly delightful au
dience. You play to it as to yourself.
Nay, more high heartedly. For in the
light of a sympathy for which nothing
is of too curious or intimate appeal
the player finds new beauties in his
best known and best loved works.
For example. Not having heard Miss
Caroline Little sing before for the
Twentieth Century Club, I never heard
her sing at all as she sang in the
Beethoven liederkreis, "An die Feme
Geliebte." In fact I did not know that
she could ring that way. She brought
an arch and joyous lightness to the
"Fair Maytime," a tenderness and
sympathy to the "Take My Songs,
of Love the Flower," of which her
work, as» I had before known it, gave
little evidence. Tlie cycle throughout
was sung with an admirable simplicity
and directness and with a variety of
emotional shading that inhibited any
hint of monotony— no small feat..;;.
The b«*st thing of the afternoon, how
ever, was the ballad singing of Mrs.
Richard Bayne, who gave the four
Scotch songs of Beethoven, "The Love
ly Lass of Inverness," "Bonnie Laddie.
Highland Laddie." "Oh. Thou Art the
Lad of My Heart, Willie." and "Faith
ful Johnnie." .Rare material this, and
it was rarely Interpreted. I believe
Mrs. Bayne haa a charming contralto
voice, and I am sure it has been well
trained; but so utterly beyond these
things was the spirit that informed her
singing that I hardly know. Scotch it
was, pre-eminently — as . Scotch as the
breath of heather across a moor. It
¦was austerely tender as the Scotch
skies and simple, strong, wholesome
And melancholy gay as the people un
der them — the people around whom the
songs are written. How well Mrs.
Bayne sang that day as compared with
herself I do not know, not having
heard her before^ but one could hard
ly wish for better ballad singing. The
songs were given as written, with vio
lin and 'cello obligato, the assisting
musicians beins Miss Vassault. Mrs.
Gwynn and Miss Fuhrer, who all
played well their parts.
In Air. Alfred Coggswell, who sang
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
23A roster of the most prominent per
sonalities of the week Just evaporated
into eternity would Include only brides,
candidates and debutantes. The brides
are away a-honeymooning; the candi
dates have fled to rest where the wood
bine twineth, and where the bucolic
denizens seek not office; but the de
butantes, bless them — are with us. with
their youth and beauty and pretty lit
tle Jealousies, end they are needed in
a sordid, grouchy gray old world. quite
aa much as are roses, and starlight and
n burst of blue sky.
Jealousies? For -Jiame! Debutantes
Mrs. Thomas P. Woodward and
Mr/ and Mrs. Bourne entertaining
at a dinner dance in honor'. of Miss
Maud Bourne.
Mrs. Grayson Dutton, Mrs. Harry
Willlar and Miss Etelka Willlar hos
esses at a recption at the St Fran
cis.
Mrs. Clarice "Lohse hostess at lunch
eon in Oakland In honor of Miss Isa
belle Kendall.
Polo game at Burllngame and
luncheons at the clubhouse.
Reception at Miss Maren Froellch's
studio-
TUESDAY.
MONDAY.
The week was heavy with all types
of social "stunts," as follows:
preciation of their own good fortune —
the finest bit of philosophy ever loosed
down here below. It's not many of us
who know we're lucky— till It's over.
mal luncheon and bridge party.
Mrs. E. J. McCutchen, informal
bridge party. •*•;;¦'"
¦ Mrs. John Rodgers Clark, "tele
phone" tea.
: Mrs. Florence Brown of Oakland
hostess at luncheon in honor of "Mrs.
Victor H. Metcalf. ' * ~
THURSDAY.
Miss Maye Colburn hostess at a
luncheon with the following guests:
Miss Irene Sabin, Miss Ursula Stone,
Miss Elsa Draper, Miss Sophie Borel,
Miss Alice Borel, Miss Elizabeth Cole,
Miss Alice Sullivan, Miss Elsie Tallant,
Miss Helen Bailey, Miss Bessie Wilson,
and Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton.'
Mrs. Henry Schmiedell, hostess at a
luncheon in the Palm Garden of the
Palace, with Mrs. D. Davidson, Mrs,
J. R. K. Nuttall, Mrs. Frank Johnson.
Miss Lily O'Connor, Mrs.\ J. Parker,'
Whitney, Mrs. Rosenstock, Mrs. " Ed
ward G. Scnmiedell and Mrs. George
H. Howard as guests.
Mrs. James Robinson and Miss
Elene Robinson entertaining at dinner
In honor of Miss Marjorie-Josselyn.
Miss Florence Smith hostess at a
tea, assisted by Miss Grace Nichols,
Mrs. Southworth, Miss Elizabeth
Rawles, Mrs. Hunter Harrison, Miss
Lottie Woods, Mrs. Thomas Benton
Darragh, Miss Addison Starr Keeler,
Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenson, Miss Ger
trude Palmer and Miss Aimee Smith.
Mrs. Louis Monteagie entertaining
at tea in honor of Miss Carol Moore
and Miss Maisie Langhorne. .
FRIDAY.
Mr. and Mrs. Carter Pltkin Pome
roy entertaining at Informal dance In
honor of Miss Nathalie Coffin and Miss
Corothy Eels. .
Mrs. Charles Bertody Stone. Mrs.
Thomas Benton Darragh and Miss
Ursula Stone hostess at a tea.
•Artillery ofllcers' hop at the Pre
sidio. \
. Mrs. Selim E. Woodworth hostess at
the health of mind of the 'maid, and
to her character._ But, luckily, the
bevy of maidens who come in society
this winter are singularly well-bal
anced, intelligent, for maids so young,
and all mighty pretty.
But maidens fair, if ye would pre
serve the Joy of your debutante tri
umphs, and incidentally your alert
ness of step, your clearness of eye,
and your lightness of heart, go in for
something worth while between the
gala days. If pleasure alone leads, it
will weary the gayest traveler. It Is
only by contrasts that measures are
taken, and only by a respite from the
chattering of teas can a steady flow
of good humor be preserved. Many of
last year's debutantes led in philan
thropies, and in the work accomplished
for the needy the plucky little maid
ens gained more than they gave. They
grew to understand the mechanism of
the human heart, with its woes and its
Joys, and therein they grew to an ap-
Miss Woodward at home from 8 to
6 o'clock at 2799 Pine street -. ; J:.
Mr. and Mrs. Allen G. Freeman of
Berkeley entertaining at a concert di
rected by Mr. and Mrs. Frederick S.
Gutterson.
Sequoia Club at home at St Fran
cis. *
Mrs. Charles Deering- hostess at a
luncheon in honor of Miss Lillie Reis,
the fiancee of William Hule.
Mrs. Charles A. Warren entertaining
at luncheon in honor of Mrs. Christo
pher Bauer. *
WEDNESDAY.
Mrs. Eugene Freeman, tea in honor
of her debutante daughter, Miss
Maude Payne.
Mrs. F. L Kendall hostess at a
luncheon in honor of the bridal party
of Miss Isabelle Kendall.
Wedding of Mfss Helen Pettigrew
and William I. Lemman.
Miss Beatrice Fife hostess at a tea.
Mrs. Alexander D. Baldwin, infor-
TWO SOCIETY WOMEN WHO HAVE RECENTLY RETURNED TO SAX FRANCISCO AND A LEADER IN LOCAL CLUB CIRCLES.
• That; wasn't, exactly nice of "William
Berg to shake those bushes over at
Point Reyes Just like a covey of quail
—no wonder eager Downey Harvey
took a pot-shot at him. Who wouldn''t,
wKen all the evidence was in that
there skulked a whole bunch of ducks,
or a fluttering covey of quail? Now,
luckily, those : pellets of. .shot , were
careful where they struck, -and there's
"Rather an unpromising night for
men," thought I, and the Sequoia Club
is but a drear waste without the men —
albeit, the women are for the most part
clever. But the men — bless them —
came, and they came in bunches. And
thus was the cohesive power of the
Sequoia Club amply demonstrated.
Among the . guests ' who did things
and said things were Mr. and Mrs.
Mark Gerstle, Asthon Stevens (who
evoked some eloquent music from the
bunjo), Dr> Arnold Genthe. (who pro
nounced Mr. Stevens' banjo perform
ance real music, Mrs. Elizabeth Ger
berding, Mrs. B. F. Norris, Mrs. R. C.
Morrow, Maynard Dlxon, Xavier Mar
tinez, C. F. Neilson, Professor Bade of
Berkeley, Miss Anna Strunsky, Miss
Ednah Robinson, Signor Ventura,
Charles Sedgwick Aiken, Miss Julia
Lewis, Dr. Max Strunsky, Miss Tobin
and hosts of others. v
election week. And, by the way, the
Sequoia Club met at the St. Francis as
usual, on Tuesday night— election
night
Her other child, who is in Naples with
her, still is registered ' officially as a
scion of the princely house of her di
vorced husband, but suit is pending in
the Saxon courts to ' deprive the child*
of his princely title, because of facts
brought out in the divorce proceedings.
Pius X, who is a friend of the Prin
cess' father and who officiated at her
wedding, is much chagrined over the
scandal and has refused positively to
let the Roman congregations Initiate:
proceedings fqr an ecclesiastical dl
yorce. as requested by the Princess on
her recent visit to the Vatican,
The statutory period in which the
Princess was forbidden to wed will
expire soon, and then she will Imme
diately take advantage of her free
dom. She has been living quietly at
Naples for two or three months, .and
the birth of a child recently created no
end of scandal.
_ Owing to the persistent refusal of
Don Carlos to turn over to his daughter
the money left by her mother, the
Princess is nearly destitute, and her
prospective husband has only the sal
ary of a cavalry captain, amounting to
about $50 a month.
ROME. Nov. 12.— Notwithstanding
tha earnest efforts made. by, the Pops
to reconcile Princess Alice of Bourbon
(daughter of Don Carlos) with her hus
band, the PMice of Scnoenbe'rg-Wal
denburg, it has been announced offi
cially that the Princess .next month
will contract a civil marriage wlta an
Italian cavalry captain named Dei
Prede. at present attached to the gar
rison at Naples. . . .V,'/V»-.V
Alice of Bourbon Refuses Reconcilia
tion With Husband and Will Wed
Italian Cavalryman.
PRINCESS IK POVERTY
GIVES ALL FOR LOVE
On Saturday last pretty little Ruth
Romaine gave a bazaar at her home,
3231* Jackson street, for the benefit" of
The Pettigrew-Lemmon wedding was
a notable affair, uniting two good old
Catholic families. The details of the
nuptials were exquisite, every blossom
that grows seemed to have been gar
nered to lend its Incense 'and beauty
to the gladsome hour.. The young folk
will occupy a fine new home on Jack
son street, at. Buchanan, when their
nuptial trip to the East will have be
come a memory. . , . ¦
Sunday teas are growing in favor—
and -why not? In New York and Lon
don they are fixed institutions. It's tha
most promising day for pen, and
there's ' no desecration of the Sabbath
in sipping tea and chatting— and flirt
ing mildly.
Last Sunday' a delightful affair was
given by Mrs. S. Wright in
honor of her niece, Miss Brooke . Rose,
who left on Wednesday for Mexico
with Dr. and Mrs. Wheeler.
Among the guests who called and
Imbibed tea brewed on Sunday were:
Mrs. Edward Newhall, Mrs. Jack Tal
lant Rev. David Evans, Miss Elsie
Tallant. Aimer Newhall, Mr. and. Mrs.
Stafford Parker, Miss Humphreys, Dr.
and Mrs. Mora Moss, Miss Ethel Shoeb,
Mrs. McClure, Mr. and Mrs. Brooke
Wright, Judge and Mrs. Beatty, Lieu
tenant Kelso, Dr. and Mrs. Wheeler,
Mrs. George Theobold, Mr. and Mrs.
William B. Craig, Miss Thompson, Miss
Olive Craig, the Misses Frances and
Grace Thompson, Mr. Bolton, Edward
McAfee, Mrs. Alexander McCrackln,
Mrs. McPherson, Mr. Petherick. Lieu
tenant Keller, Early Craig, Miss Polk,
Mr. and Mrs. McAde, Dr. and Mrs.
Stimpson.
• • •
Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf is assiduous
ly entertained during her short visit
to her home town. Miss Florence Brown
entertaining delightfully for " her on
Wednesday, when the following ladles
met the honored guest at luncheon:
Mrs. Philip E. Bowles, Mrs. George W.
McNear Jr., Mrs. Edson Adams, Mrs.
George Greenwood, Mrs. Charles Minor
Goodall, Mrs: Charles Minor Cooper,
Miss Ellen Chabot, Miss Annie Miller.
Miss Ethel Moore, Miss Jennie Stone
of San Francisco, Mrs. Everts and Miss
Brown.
good friend, Oliver Wendell Holmes, is
quoted as saying, "We like rather bet
ter the heart woman than the head
woman." Poor old Oliver, had he lived
longer and met with the women of this
age and generation, he would have
discovered it quite within the range of
possibilities for a woman to possess
both organs — a head and a heart.
Reception at studio of Maynard
Dlxon and Xavler Martinez.
Mrs. Charles Stetson Wheeler
hostess at reception in honor of Mme.
Franclsca. \
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Sutro "at home"
at 2519 Broadway.
Now, that's not a bad showing for
a tea in honor of her mother, Mrs.
-James S. Wetherd.
SATURDAY.
When had bud, bells or fiancee been
so attended, feted or congratulated as
Miss Isabel Kendall? Society pays will
ing homage to tha young and attrac
tive, and there is additional charm al
ways surrounding the maid enmeshed
in Cupid's nets, but th» offering* to
Miss Kendall quite exce%i those of any
other bride-to-be. These conditions
speak well for the favor in which she
is held, for it .is not incumbent upon
society to expend its attentions unre
strictedly.
But the ante-nuptial festivities are
nearlng their end, for on Wednesday
next, the evening of the 16th, fair I*a- '
bel Kendall will be led to the altar by
Kenneth Lowden. Then with the pass-
Ing of the honeymoon will doubtless
come more teas, luncheons and dinners
to honor the bride, and so- it goes. The
favored position does not pass with the
ringing of wedding chimes, fortunate
ly for < the present day youns matron.
the gayeties are hers and her youth
is perennial.
Some loyalty in friendship was shown
this week. in the return of Miss Alice
Sullivan from Honolulu. Though her
absence had been of some length. Miss
Sullivan 'would undoubtedly have pro
longed her visit In the islands had it
not been for the marriage of her friend,
Miss Helen Pettlgrew, whose wedding
occurred last Wednesday night. Miss
Sullivan's promise to serve as maid of
honor was not to ba lightly broken,
and notwithstanding all tha allure
ments of gay Honolulu eh« mad* tha
homeward journey.
Vague impressions of disappointment
are wafted toward the desk of the
scribe. A wedding of note last week
brought for one of Its attendants a
gallant military man from a big", busy
city. His stay here was short, and
"thereby hangs a tale." for our galaxy
of beauty Is bemoaning so hasty a de
parture. Can it be, oh, maidens fair,
are ye insatiate? With so many de
fenders of the flag (and of yourselves)
constantly at your nod and beck, will
you still sigh for one who will not re
main 7" The caprices of our bonny
belles are truly limitless and beyond
understanding. And the sfandbys are
grateful for j crumbs.
Truly, society does well to bring us
In closer touch with the songbirds and
other artists of the age.
Publicly seen and heard only. "we are
often deprived of an insight Into other
fascinating and important traits of
temperament. The professional will
cloud for the time much of the per
sonal. Brought in contact the dlsolo
sure of other characteristics even en
hances the beauty of cultivated genius.
A feast of song was this and, apart
from the bright particular star, much
harmony vibrated through tha even
ing.
Mr. and Mrs. Campbell gave a fa
vored few the last opportunity of hear
ing Miss Basslan fpr a year— she sailed
on Thursday for Australia. Among the
listeners were Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Mor
row, Henry Herman, Miss Julia Ra
pier Tharp, Mrs. Gussie Greenleaf-
Kruser, Mr. and Mrs. Shatter, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles H. Farrell and Mr. and
Mrs. Walter C. Campbell.
The reception given on Wednesday
evening by Mr. and Mrs. Walter C.
Campbell was an event of more than
social enjoyment- Those bidden were
favored In meeting and hearing
one of the younger celebrities of the
age, Miss Alexla Basslan, she of the
glorious contralto, having the depth of
a Schalchl combined with the fire and
dramatic action of a Calve.
A charming honeymoon are the Clem
ent Tobins enjoying at Del Monte, love
ly Mrs. Tobln, the lodestar of the ve
randa.
General Edward Klrkpatrick and
wife, who have recently returned from
Paris, have arrived for a stay of sev
eral months at the same delightful spot.
Polo is planned for the end of this
month, when the smart set, en masse,
will migrate to the old mission town,
The Mills College Alumnae, Mrs.
James T. McGanley, president, will
honor Mrs. Mills on the 19th by tender
ing her a" breakfast at the St Francis.
The affair promises to be very smart.
the Hahnemann Hospital, in the Eope
of endowing a bed for some helples3
little tyke, and a goodly sum was real
ized. The affair was delightfully ar
ranged, flowers and ferns filling every
n,ook. Among those who assisted Mrs.
William Romalne and her bonny little
daughter were: Mrs. Newton Tharp,
Mrs. .Martin Schultz, Mrs: McKee, Mrs.
Ashley Faull and Miss Eugenia Mas
ten. Mrs. George H. Palmer, Mrs.
N. D. Hideout, Mrs. Ralph Hart, Mrs.
William Hooper, Mrs. Ferdinand Steph
enson, Mrs! W. W. Van Arsdale, Mrs.
Alpheus Bull, Mrs. William Deming.
Mrs. Fred Johnson, Mrs. Milton Pray.
Miss Julia Tharp, Miss Amy Smith and
the Misses Hunter.
no harm— no great harm don e. Other
wise, who knows when that + J ot^« ?*
Berg's would be built?— and the world
• - •;.;.-•
Where in the West is there a matron
more stunning than Mrs. -Pedar Bru
gulere. she who was beautiful Marion
Andrews. Of good Southern family, or
which the Mays of-.Baltimore and the
Hobsons of the Carolinas are connec
tions. Mrs. Bruguiere inherits much
traditional beauty. While in Newport
a,j a guest of Mrs. Bruguiere. mere, the
young matron created a sensation
through her distinction of style, having
brought with her from San Francisco
and from New York a suberb trousseau.
And alter her visit her trunks were
amply replenished in Gotham during
her visit there. Among the dainty ap
purtenances of fashion brought back
with her. is the quaint L« Breton bon
net as shown In the picture. These
are good form for theater wear on tne
Continent, but America has not^ y e t
"arrived" in the matter of Le Bretons.
These are famously becoming to a
beautiful face, but a fright with a
haphazard. faco— the unutterable mis
fortune of some of us.
Mrs. Bruguiere, accompanying ner
close friend. Miss Louise Tillman. will
start upon a European tour soon after
the holidays, meeting Dr. Tllden Till
man and Miss Josephine Tillman in
Austria, where tl\ey are now visiting.
Miss. Louise Tillman has Just return
ed from a six months' visit to Victoria,
where she was the guest of her sister,
Mrs. Arthur Pennel Brlggs, and a mer
ry time had this merry little maid.
San Francisco has long been noted
for the good style of her women, but
not many disquisitions have gone forth
about their cleverness and charm—
their heart and head qualities. Of
these there are many garnered together
in the Channlng Auxiliary, whose pres
ident. Sirs. -William R. Wheeler, Is a
type. Ready of wit, quick of thought,
kindly of impulse, Mrs. Wheeler is the
type of matron that. gives distinction
to society. And here's to the woman
¦with a head and a heart I—though our
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
r.re far too young to harbor so ugly an
inhabitant of the soul. Perhaps! But
somehow, somewhere, there lurks that
i.urifrerous microbe, not unlike the
gems of 4nallgnant things, like
typhoid, measles, etc, that springs into
activity under favorable conditions,
and that does all manner of things to
A DEBUTANTE'S
NECESSITIES
24WAXTS TO SELL. OLD HORSES.— The
Ire Commission yesterday petitioned the 8u
?rvlaors to make provisJon for the sale of six
orwi that have been condemned as unfit for
jrther eervlc* hy reason of old ace.
INSOLVENT CT^KRK.— Michael Ashelm, a
cl*rk, San Francisco, tiled a petition in In
solvency yesterday In the United States Dis
trict Court. His liabilities are $1370 and he
has bo assets.
Find Man in Their Room.
Frank Jackson and James Marry
att were awakened early yesterday
morning by a noise in their room at
John L. Sullivan should be more
cautious in signing total abstinence)
pledges. One of them may turn up
an a promissory note some day.
Seventeen yean ago I reduced my wetsht
fifty-three pound*, bust 8 Inches, walat 8
inches and hips 10 inches by a simple, harm
less remedy. Health perfaot. No exercise, no
wrinkles, no starring;. I will tell you how.
Call Wednesdays or write, enclosing; stamp tor
reply. Mrs. Diana B. Alves, T? LJly arenue,
San Francisco, Oal. •
Stout Ladles.
417 Kearny street. They sawn strang
er in the room and. Jumping out of
bed, they grabbed him. A policeman
was summoned and the man, who
gave the name of John Kollns, was
booked at the City Prison on a char gt
of burglary. When searched a pursa
containing $1 20 and a latch key that
had been taken from Jackson's pock
et were found In his possession.
proof materials within the fire limits
Is still required by ordinance.
WORKMEN TO ENTERTAIN.— Unity Lodire
of th« Ancient Order of United Workmen will
have an entertainment anC dance In Elks'
Hall on Tuesday evening, for the members and
Ibalr lo/iv relatives and friends. - '
"America."
Part II.
March, "Stanford vs. Berkeley" (a
contest of yells) ........ Pasmore
"Awakening; of the Lions". .Kontsky
Selection from '.'Robin ; Hood" ....
>. . . ......... .'_. .De Koven
"A Musical Joke on Bedelia".Ballstedt
"Reminiscences of Rossini. . .Godfrey
Grand fantasia, "Attilla" ......Verdi
March, "Pedro" ............ .Berger
Overture, "Stradella" ....... .Flotow
Waltz, "Southern Roses". Strauss
Solo for barytone, prologue from
"Pagliacci" . . . ...... .Leoncavello
Walter Colverd.
The following . programme will be
rendered by the Golden Gate Park
Band this afternoon.
Part I.
Muslc at the Park.
Supervisors Lunstedt, Hocks and
Alpera, constituting the Fire Commit
tee*of the Board of Supervisors, yester
day made an official Inspection of the
district designated In the proposed or
dinance requiring that when roofs are
damaged to the extent of 40 per cent by
fire they shall be repaired with fire
proof material only.
As a result of the Inspection the com
mittee Is preparing a report for pre
'sentation at Monday's meeting of the
board. It will recommend that the 40
per cent clause be eliminated from the
provisions of the ordinance, that the
proposed district be largely reduced and
that the amended ordinance be so
framed as to be made applicable to
new structures only and that existing
buildings be exempted from its require
ments.
The committee found on making its
Investigation that the district proposed
to be designated in the ordinance in
cluded a large area that was thinly
settled. As the houses are generally of
cheap construction the committee be
lieved that it would be an injustice to
compel the use of expensive fire-proof
material In case of damage. Hence . it
was ¦ deemed proper to reduce -the pro
posed limits, but by how much is a
subject for further consideration.
Again, the committee is opposed to
specifying that fire-proof materials
shall be used if the roof be damaged by
40 per cent, preferring to do away alto*
gether with that requirement
The committee also takes the ground
that it 1 would be practically, extension
of the fire limits to make the ordinance
apply to existing structures, and it was
thought that it would be fair to all par
ties concerned to make new structures
only subject to the new regulations.
.The committee felt that it would be
advisable to go slowly In the matter,
and agreed that the limits could be ex
tended in the future if it were deemed
advisable. Of course the . use - of flre-
Fire Committee Will Advise
Supervisors to Modify
Proposed Roof Eepair Law
FAVOR CHANGES
IN ORDINANCE
Eliza J. Tyrrell and Helen A. Camp
bell, sisters of Rachel Searles, who
died November 9, intestate, yesterday
petitioned for letters of administration
upon her estate, which is said to be
worth $60,000. Besides the sisters a
brother, half-brother and twelve
nephews and nieces are the heirs at
law.
Estate Worth $60,000.
When your skin looks yellow and you
rise In the morning with a bad taste in
your mouth, take Lash's Bitters. ;• ¦>
The committee on revision of the
National Guard laws of this State has
completed its labors. Some radical
changes have been made,' but they
have not yet been made public.
An election will be held November
22 in the armoryof the First Infantry
for colonel and lieutenant colonel, vice
Colonel Thomas F. O'Neill and Lieu
tenant Colonel John F. Connolly,
terms expired. Colonel Hayes of the
Fifth will preside. It was expected
that Major Filmer would be a candi
date for the position of colonel and in
that event Major Thomas F. Mc-
Creagh was to have been put forward
as lieutenant colonel, with John F.
Eggert, the senior captain, as an
aspirant for the position of major.
These plans have been upset In a
measure by the fact that Major Fil
mer has requested to be placed on the
retired list. Since- he made that re
quest he has been asked to be a can
didate for the position of colonel of
the First and his reply waa that un
der no circumstances would he be
colonel of an eight-company regiment,
but that if the regiment was again
made a twelve-company one he would
consider the proposition.
An election will be held November
80 for second lieutenant of Company
F of the First Infantry, vice Mc-
Carthy, resigned.
Several elections have been ordered
in the Naval Militia to fill vacancies
in positions that became vacant by ex
piration several months ago, one as
far back as December, 1903.
Company B, First Regiment of In
fantry, will give a military ball In the
armory at Page and Gough streets
next Friday evening.
Lieutenant Colonel Julliard will
preside at an election in Company C,
Fifth Infantry, Petaluma, for first
lieutenant, vice Lundholm.
William F. McNutt has been recom
mended for the position of inspector
of rifle practice of the First Battalion,
Artillery. ..'
COLONEL OP THE FIRST.
Captain Warfleld will preside at an
election on November 28 for captain
of Battery D, First Artillery, vice
Kissling.
On November 28 Captain Bush will
preside at an election in Troop A, Cav
alry, for second lieutenant, vice Frick
ert, resigned. : - '.-
An election will shortly be held in
Company E, Santa Rosa, Fifth Infan
try, for first lieutenant, vice Haven,
deceased.
The resignations of Captain J. A.
Blair, Second Infantry; First Lieuten
ant F. A. Spence, Company A, Sixth
Infantry; Second Lieutenant Percy A.
Steeves, Company B, Fifth Infantry;
Second Lieutenant Frederick P. Mor
rison, Company E," Sixth Infantry;
Second Lieutenant Charles M. Flck
ert, Troop A, Cavalry; Captain Ed
ward Bunnell, assistant surgeon, san
itary corps; Second Lieutenant Joseph
A. McCarthy, Company F. First Infan
try, and First Lieutenant Michael
Schoenfield, Company I, Fifth Infan
try, have been accepted at superior
tieadqfiafters.":"
Major D. A. Smith has been ordered
to preside at an election on November
14 for captain and firsthand second
lieutenants of Company B, Fifth In
fantry, San Jose. The same officer
will preside on November 22 at an
election at Livermore in Company I
of the same regiment for captain and
first lieutenant.
The revised infantry drill regula
tions approved by the War Depart
ment for the United States army hav
ing been adopted recently for the gov
ernment of the National Guard of Cal
ifornia, orders have been issued that,
to insure uniformity, all infantry ex
ercises and maneuvers not embraced
in the new system are prohibited.
Those therein prescribed will be
strictly enforced.
The orders direct that all field and
company officers, adjutants of regi
ments and battalions, the assistant ad
jutants general of brigades and tho
aides de camp to the Beveral brigade
commanders will be required to pass a
satisfactory examination 'in the new
drill regulations before the regular
brigade examining board, .v^:
This paragraph in the orders has
created a breeze among those who
hold commissions. They seem to in
fer that this means if they do not pass
a satisfactory examination they- will
be ousted. They set up the plea that
they were commissioned after having
passed a satisfactory examination and
that under the law they cannot be de
prived of such commission except for
some violation of law, rules or regula
tions that would bring them before
a court-martiaL Many have asked for
information on this point, but no one
has yet been answered. It is possible
that no answer will be given until a
case may arise calling for a decision.
* Thomas H. Minor has been appoint
ed lieutenant colonel and aide de
camp on the staff of the commander
in chief, vice Runyon, resigned. •.
William George Schreiber has been
commissioned lieutenant colonel and
assistant adjutant general of the First
Brigade, vice Bradbury, promoted.
Owen Hugh O'Neill has been com
missioned lieutenant, sixth division,
naval militia, vice Smith, resigned,
and Albert Leroy Caldwell has been
commissioned lieutenant. Junior grade,
vice O'Neill, promoted.
J. Roy Munsell, military instructor
at the Hitchcock Military Academy,
San Rafael, has been commissioned' a
major of the National Guard of Cal
ifornia.
MANY RESIGNATIONS.
The profits of the exhibition will be
divided equally between the hospitals
for children and training schools for
nurses and the San Francisco Lying
in Hospital and Foundling Asylum.
Among the subscribers to the asso
ciation are the following: William
McMurray, William Thomas, Charles
S. Wheeler, Washington Dodge, Floyd
8. Judah, H. C. Tibbltts, Dr. W. E.
Poole, R. E. Follett, C. S. Alken. W.
de St. Paul-Seitz, Frederic W. Hall,
William Greer Harrison, Archibald J.
Treat, h Hugh J. Mclsaac, Alexander
Hamilton, Al M. Cumming, E. C. Ford,
James D. Phelan, AJ Van der Naillen
Jr., F. E. Booth, George T. Marsh, P.
M. Lilienthal, Frank' I* Brown, Clin
ton E. Worden, Alexander Vogelsang,
James Horsburgh Jr., Harry Babcock.
The new association filed its articles
of incorporation with the ' County
Clerk yesterday afternoon. The cap
ital stock is $5000, of which the direct
ors have subscribed $100 each.
The entire plan of the exhibition was
discussed. It will be held at the Me
chanics' Pavilion beginning February
21 and continuing until March 12. The
pavilion will be made to represent a
forest, with redwoods, fira and pines
brought from the Sierra and Santa
Cruz Mountains. There will be palms,
with all sorts of water fowl sporting
about, and reservations for forest ani
mals and game of all kinds. Exhibits
of industries associated with forest
and field sports will be made. Especial
attention will be given to the display
of wild flowerB, trees and shrubs, and
days will be set apart for school chil
dren and special students of botany
and forestry.
The movement is gaining the inter
est and co-operation of all who love
out-of-door life, including such or
ganizations as the Sierra, Semper
vlrons and Country clubs, besides all
sportsmen and nature-loving enthusi
asts. A continual athletic carnival
will be held during the exhibition un
der the direction of the Olympic Club.
Mr. Follett, the managing director,
has had wide experience in matters of
this kind, having conducted success
fully various exhibits in the East.
At a meeting: held in the Phelan
building on Friday a local exhibition
of a novel character,' concerning which
there has been some discussion, was
definitely decided upon. It will be con
ducted under the direction of the new
ly organized Pacific Coast Forest, Fish
and '.lame Association, and will be
similar to successful shows recently
held in Chicago. New York and Bos
ton. It will be a nature exhibition —
that is. the forest, fields and streams
will all contribute in the display to
show San Franciscans the best that
they possess.
William Greer Harrison, president of
the Olympic Club, presided at the
meeting, W. de St. Paul-Seitz acted
as secretary and others present who
Joined in the incorporation of the as
sociation were: James D. Phelan,
Archibald J. Treat, A- Van der Naillen
Jr., George T. Marsh, H. C Tibbltts,
R. E. Follett, William McMurray and
C. S. Aiken.
Display Will Cover State's
Outdoor Life and Sports
With Allied Industries
Election for Officers Is
Called in -.''the First In
fantry—A Major Retires
SHOW NATURE'S BICHES
RESIGNATIONS ACCEPTED
New Society Plans an Exhi
. bition That Will Make the
Old Building a Paradise
Order That .Worries National
Guardsmen, Who ArQ Now
in the Service of ; State
TURN PAVILION
INTO A FOREST
OFFICERS MUST
LEARN DRILLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
25
THE WHITE HOUSE
TABLE LINENS
Special display of Irish, Scotch, French and
Moravian table linens, comprising all the new-
est designs, from the neatest patterns to the
most elaborate .'. .*. .'. ,\ ' .*.
rA /^| i«
2 yards square, handsome designs &*J AA __
75 dozen H Napkins to match J 1 Pjj J
65 Cloths
l\l x /i vardsiong in beautiful styles <M rn
50 dozen U Napkins to match Ql rn *'„
_i« t&o.3U OOZ
100 Cloths
Z l /2 yards square, striking and original designs, some
have round centers for round tables and some nave nap-
kins to matrh. Sample lot, frr AA 1 A AA o
values iS to $15. Special, rJj.UU 10 $1U.UU Cd
Napkins at proportionate reductions-
STYLISH DRESS MATERIALS
Colored and Black
Broadcloths
Of superior texture and finish in an extensive variety of
new shades, including some very handsome colorings for
afternoon and evening wear-
Chiffon Crepe
Special purchase of a lot of this attractive production.
The finish is exceptionally brilliant — the lot £| rn 1
will be offered at $1,311 JU
Amazon Cloth
New colorings, very special value, 52 inches £| rn 1
wide -J1.3U yu
Winter Suitings
In "West "of England" mixtures fri AA j rA J
— good wearing quaJities <pl«UU 10 tpitDU jQ.
Reliable Suitings
!" * ! ar 5.. v . ar ! ety . of sty ! ish . e^ cts :.v.v:.:::: -50c yd
r _' NEWMAN & LEViySOJf.
- ¦> _
I Lessons Given f^ssa^ f^ /% " M a 1 1 0 r d e r
Embroidery /7vkV\ A[ rV%V\PC (V\ <^>[lO\Yl (VkVwTCW Makeupvour
Class Days IVll X&KAi&J ItWull) IJ&Aj li WjU %\*« Christmas Orders -
Mondays znd Fridayi tt vw<vv m^ * now when first se-
PrivVeTeslo^by. ****** SM **' °Sl^
Appointment. | Store Opens S.JO Jt. M., Closes 5.3O P. M. win hel P v0U decide -
A Special Purchase and Sale of
1OOO Ladies' New Waists
$5.00 to $6.50 Styles Monday at $3.60
(Third Floor Kcsmv St.)
The very best Waist values, we have ever presented to our customers — Dainty, pretty,
fashionable Waists, in endless variety and all in this season's most fetching styles, everyone
perfect in fit and finish.
French Flannel Waists Fancy Nun's Veiling Waists Plaid Alpaca Waists
Fancy Albatros Waists Figured Challi Waists ' Persian Flannel Waists
Brilliantine and Henrietta Waists in Plain Colors, etc.
Many exquisitely tucked, embroidered, appliqued and trimmed with fancy braids, gf%*± r"f\
in all the new fall colors, as well as white and black. Waists that sell regularly at SJ3 3O
$5.00, £6.00 and $6.50 each, to-morrow at — — ~ - 4/%-/#>s#v/
Sale of Venise Laces
At Specially Reduced Prices for Monday
(First Floor Kearny St.)
About two thousand yards of Bands, Medallions and Festoons, in the very newest designs* from'
one to six inches wide, in white, cream and ecru — on sale to-morrow at these reduced prices* ¦
15c Laces on Sale at.... 60 yard 60c Laces en Sale at •• S5o yard
20c Laces on Sale at .lOo yard 85c Laces on Sale at....... 50o yard
85c Laces on Sale at I60 yard 11.25 Laces on Sale at 73o yard
50c Laces on Sale at 28o yard $1.50 Laces on Sale at 96o yard
AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING IN
Ladies' Handsome Back Combs
(First Floor Batter St.)
This. Monday sale of high-grade novelty Back Combs comprises some of the latest, brightest
and smartest ideas in Parisian coiffure ornamentation. Three distinct styles to select from— some
closely inlaid with brilliant rhinestones, some richly mounted in bright finished gold scroll designs,
others in gold designs mounted with turquoise, amethyst and other beautifully colored stones.
They come in shell, amber and white, and this is how they will be priced to-morrow :
At 45o - For Back Combs worth Regularly 75c
At 60o — For Back Combs worth Regularly fXM
. At 860 — For Back Combs worth Regularly JU-25
Closing Out of Our Entire
Bronze and Glassware Department
At % Off Regular Prices
(Second Floor Kearny St.)
This is one of the greatest opportunities of the season to secure handsome Art Ware for holiday
gifts or for personal use. We can't be too emphatic about it — scores of articles for the home —
practical pieces, ornamental pieces, that would be considered cheap at our original prices are now
offered at 33^ per cent off. Among them are some of the most unique designs in
Real Bronze Figures, Groups and Busts, Bronze Cabinet Ornaments, Fancy Metal Objects of Art,
Kayserzinn Novelties, Decorative Glass Vases and Bowls, Karlsbad Glassware, Clocks
- ' Candelabra, ~; Desk Ornaments, etc,' etc.
Fashionable Silks = Attractively Priced
We are splendidly equipped to meet your Silk wants. The new Silks are particularly rich and
handsome, and our assortment is one that we cannot but look upon with pride, for it exceeds our
best previous efforts. Among them are:
2o-lnch Costume Silks, in Faccone Taffetas, Changeable aj-!nch Novelty Silk Dress Patterns, exclusive designs,
Messalines and Chiffon Taffetas, in a handsome a ( Art very fashionable this season, shown in all th« «, -^
range of newest colorings; per yard •UU newest color effects; special, per yard »>>U
21 -inch Fancy Poplinettes. Corded Messalines and Faille 45-inch Peplinette, in all the new street and evening
Francaise— exquisite fabrics, in latest colorings a ( shades — a superb silk and wool fabric, delight* *-* -.*
and effects, for gowns and waists; per yard. . . . •& 1 •-^3 ful in appearance and effect ; per yard $Z,[)\j
To-morrow's Specials in Lace Curtains
The Best Values ever known at this Season of the Year
(Second Floor Sutter St.)
Scotch Net Curtains, Arabian color, Nottingham Lace Curtains, Arabian Handsome Lace Curtains, Arabian
choice patterns, In plain and figured color, excellent patterns, full width, color, yA yards long, In fleur da Us,
centers; 45 Inches wide, 3 yards 3# yards long; exceptional point d'esprit and scroll
long; sale price, per pair ?1.00 value, per pair $1.25 patterns; per pair %2^2S
Trefousse Gloves • Knitted Blouses
(First Floor Ktarny St.) (Third Floor Kearny St.)
Ladles' Suede Kid Gloves, of the celebrated Trefousse Ladies' Stylish Knitted Blouses, made of fine quality wool,
make, with three clasps, in the popular shades for dress in the new racket stitch, full sleeves, standing collar —
wear — tan, mode, pearl, beaver, slate, white and * ( - ft colors navy blue, red and white; can be worn * t on
black— perfection of fit guaranteed — per pair «pl.OU with or without jacket; regularly I2.25 each, at
GOLD DPgT^^^^^^^^
1 The World's Greatest Cleanser Is f
GOLD DUST
Its yearly sale in the United States exceeds that of all other washing
powders combined. Looks just a bit as if American housewives appre-
ciated merit, doesn't it? COLD DUST cleans everything.
OTHER GENERAL I Scntbbire floors, washing clothes and dishes cleaning wood*
USES FOR I work, oil cloth, silverware and tinware, polishing brass work.
GOLD DUST I cleansing bath room, pipes, etc.. and p"<H"g the finest soft soap.
Made by THE N. K. FAIRB ANK COMPANY. Chicago-Makers of FAIRY SOAP. *
GOLD DUST makes hard water soft c
APrERTISEMEXTa. j .'
I Uncle Sam says it's all right 1
I Undo Sam, In tho person of ten of his government officials, is always in charge of every department of pa
oar distfllery. During the entire process of distillation, after the whiskey is stored In barrels in our ||a
I I - -«-«B^T»iv warehouses, during th« seven year* it remains there, from the very grain we buy to the |||
I I B\ sHwbB whiskey you get, Uncle Sam is constantly on the watch. We dare not take a gallon of tM
I ] Pifiivfcll our own whiskey from our own warehouse unless he says it's all right. And when he pg
I 1 iflBMB does say so, that whiskey goes direct to you, with all its original strength, richness and |«{i
1 W&BB wJB &avot > carrying a UNITED STATES REGISTERED DISTILLER'S GUARANTEE |||
j o f PURITY and AGE, and saving the dealers' enormous profits. That's why HAYNER IPS
I lyFe '^TiSI WHI8 KEY is the best for medicinal purposes. That's why it is preferred for other uses. p|j
I I l^»i^«teli That's why we have over half a million satisfied customers. That's why YOU should |||
J fft*^i£tjJf2ii toy It. Your money back If you're not satisfied. |||
l§« Direct from our distillery to YOU 1
II m, tiff ywhr-*- I^vbbTH B-«Tm
! Ml^MWL Saves dealers' profits. Prevents adulteration. ||
Q,^^^^^^ IB EXPRESS CHAR6ES PAID BY US. H B
f ;M^tsrrit^Bl^^i flllD flCPCR We will send you FOUR FULL QUART BOTTLES of HAYNER 8§|
iP^^^i^^^^^, UUH UrrCII SEVEN-YEAR.OLO RYE for $4.00, and we will pay the Ui
l^^iv 1 J. : '%%M^tu*&*!!& express charges. Try it and if you don't find it all right and as good as you WM
\^^*^^^^^^^'^^*^\ ever drank or can buy from anybody else at any price, then send it back at iSj
\^^m^t^:^^:^^P^^i our expense and your $4.00 will be returned to you by next mail. Just think §3
ffe^Tr^'j' i jj '*l'S~. i.iiJM Pilml tnat °" er over - How could it be fairer? If you are not perfectly satisfied.'you g$J
ll^wR^^S 1< 25^^B- : f'vl?J are not out a c* 111 - Better let us send you a trial order. We ship in a plain fM
I^^a^BBHS^M sealed case, no marks to show what's inside. E?|
Jjr - * - * lypa
f«f?IswlS%SffiffiJff«rl l.iX&Y&i A Hsyner quart is an honest quart of JJ ouneea, 4 to the fsllon. All other high-grade E?G
tSP^ whiskies are put up in bottles that take 5 to make a gallon. We five one-fourth more in f&9
JtSj|^^Bf£8BSBtt| / -t5j£g3B»^^ every beetle, really reducing our pnes Just that much. t\:.j
|| ESTA &£ HE0 THE HAYNER DISTILLING COMPANY °¥goW v 1
itst-5 »H»s«sfissts»ss^"^I^P"^*™^j*^ft^^^^sW»ij|^B^BSflB»^^ f9f9
B| 422 ST. LOUIS, MO. ST. PAUL, MINN. OAYTON, O. ATLANTA, GA. J|3For flower pots the erstwhile popular
jardiniere -of f ancy..pottery Is decidedly
old style as compared with the enor
mous bowl-shaped va,ses,6f terra-cotta
now. In use... The. porous quality makes
them admirable for the health s of .-the
plant: They may be had quite plain
for,. comparatively . "reasonable, , prices.
Those -which , are. garlanded.and.be
cherubed—after: the ' Italian manner —
are - more • expensive. ¦*•' - •
Bijr Flower "Vases. '
Alligator catchers at certain points
alons the extreme southern coast of
Florida have formed a union to pro
tect their industry from amateurs and
others who shoot the animals for sport.
Alligator Catchers* Union.
It. is difficult to believe that petro
leum, .which, with its bi-products, has
made the fortunes of so many and
been the cause of such great commer
cial strife, should have been first dis
covered in the tiny village of Rid
dlngs, Derbyshire. The entire put of
this little stream did not aggregate 300
gallons. An uncommercial scientist
pointed c-ut to a carpenter In the town
what might be the possibility of that
liquid and the carpenter, James Young,
made himself a millionaire by taking
the . him: His lead was followed by
America. Russia and elsewhere and to
day Rockefeller sells his wares 1n thk
streets of Biddings itself, the cradle of
the oil Industry, the greatest the world
has ever known. The town still haa
two ' relics ' of this wonderful discovery
—the stumps of two : candles, which
were the first made from petroleum, at
a cost of a sovereign apiece.
Birthplace of Petroleum.
Criminality of Professions.
THE Guildhall of Xord Lansdowne, British Foreign Sec
retary, coupled with persistent rumors from London and Paris,
makes it evident that intervention in favor of . arbitration on the
part of two or three of the powers is about. to become a factor in the
: Far Eastern struggle. The Foreign Secretary made broad implica
! tion in his address that it lay. with the .United- States and Great
! Britain, and with France if she would consent to the pact, to offer
direct to the, belligerent nations their good offices in the direction of
bringing to an end the distressing conflict in Manchuria:
• Though the Russian Minister at Washington has repeated with
I emphasis the assertion that his master the Czar would listen to no
j talk of foreign intervention until Russian prestige had been .vindi
! cated, it becomes more; and more evident that the despot at St. Pe
tersburg is only awaiting a good excuse to accept the inevitable with
j honor. Nicholas stands between two fires ; his professed regard for
i the interests of the Hague arbitration court, of which he was in a
sense the father, and the care he must exercise for the honor, the
stability even, of his throne. He knows that Russia is beaten and hi
is desirous only of taking* as small a dose of the corrective medicine
! as he can circumspectly submit to..
i In this offer of intervention the United States through Presi
; dent Roosevelt is almost the controlling factor. England and France
! are mutually checked and balanced by their respective alliances with
! the warring powers, but our country has the virtue of absolute disin
1 terestedness. The President's, recent call for the reassembling of
The Hague tribunal is indicative of the free hand and the guiding in
fluence which he, as representative ofthe nation, enjoys. That; act
j drew upon him the reliance of England in the-matter of-the initiative
for the arbitration, movement. It is to v be hoped that President
Roosevelt can see his way clear to assuming ? the lead in this act of
pre-eminenthumanitarianism. • ,
As cool and fresh as autumn's night,
I struck the mare" a 'little blow. "
She leaped, and I came tumbling down.
While she tore. up the road like mad.,
Ifs'steen miles. to the next town. -
—Kenneth * F. Lockwood, in New York
Herald. , -:V; " ./„',,
She left me here in the vast calm
Of nature's glowing handicraft.
Arid I— my senses robbed by my grief —
I cursed the fates and wildly laughed.
Oh," sore at heart and tired am I,
Yet I must tread the weary road
That leads — I care not one, small jot.
I reap, the harvest that I sowed.
Perchance the wilderness will lead '
Me to her presence once again.
If I might call her by her name
'Twould ease my feet of all their pain.
How like a graceful" fawn waVshe!
How beautiful and fearless, too!
Her eyes — their depths were t dark and
clear, v ¦ ¦'"".'
Her heart was . always good and true.
But she could never bear the whip. "*. :
And when to-day in' sheer delight,- V i
O'er woodland paths through which' we
sped, . , ; » . -* .
ALONE:
A MOVE FOR ARBITRATION.
A Modish and Serviceable Rain Ulster of Cravenette in Dark
- Gray. It Is Shirred to Fit the Waist, and Shirring Is
Also at the Cuffs. A Silk Cable Cord in Dark Gray
Knots About the Waist Bclotc the Shirring.
For part of two days and nights
Mrs. Folra.Neth, wife of John Neth,
a farmer, held the fort in the Congre
gational church at Woodvllle, . Conn.,
where she took refuge in a fit of In
sanity, defying the villagers and
Sheriffs and bombarding all who came
within a short distance of the church
with hymn books and church furnish
ings. • , « -
Mrs. Neth came from her home, a
mile and a half from the village, in
the afternoon and got the church keys.
At. nightfall she did not leave .the
church, and the neighbors heard
sounds of loud singing and exhorting
in- the edifice and they hastened
thither. ' .. '.
Mrs. Neth had locked herself in and
shouted:- "This is 'the house of God,
my only. home.. You. cannot come In
unless you read me the password and
recite a chapter of the Revelation."
She was finally. removed to the Con
necticut Hospital for the Insane at
Mlddletown. ;
SHE -HELD PORT.
It seems plain then that before dealing with these enlightened
professors of religions older than ours, which rest upon the same
claim of revelation, miracle and supernaturalism, it is necessary to
convert all Christendom first to Christianity. It is necessary to in
duce every Christian to love his neighbor as himself, to love his
enemies and not hate them, and do good to those who do him ill.
When this work is accomplished we may move upon the works of
the other and older religions with every prospect of success.
We desire the foreign missionaries to observe that this state
ment of the case is not inimical to foreign missions. It is friendly
to them. It means that the most effective foreign missionary work
is to be done at home, in preparing Christendom for acceptance as
the model and example which the world can safely follow. , When
that is done the world will follow it willingly. Man is so consti
tuted that he inclines to religion in some form, and as long as that
inclination is unchecked he will do precisely as he does in material
things. He will seek the best that he can find.. By their works ye
shall know them applies to the nations of Christendom as well as
to the rest of the world. .
If the missionaries think there is no work; to be done at home
to make Christendom a fit example to the world, let. them reacl the
newspapers published in this country, and by the information gained
A DEVOTED gentleman in Oakland, who proposes to go among
the heathen as a Christian missionary, has invited correspond
ence on the question of foreign missions, pro* and con. This is
an excellent plan for disclosing the lay idea of the missionary effort
among the millions who hold the religious idea in a different form.
There has always been a difference of opinion on the subject, and
the adverse opinion has been increasing during the last fifty years.
The heathen themselves have some very positive and enlightened
ideas about it. We say enlightened, because very many of the Asiatic
proponents of Buddhism, Shintoism and Confucianism have received
the Occidental education, in the great universities of Europe and
the United States, and bring to bear upon the question of compara
tive religions the rules of logic and investigation which the Christian
philosophers use upon them. These educated believers in the re
ligions of Asia naturally resent being classified with* the fetich wor
shipers of Africa and the bushmen of Australia, and therein seems
to be the key to the missionary situation.
They desire to be judged by the effect of the religious idea upon
the common, daily life and conduct of the people. They claim
the right to be judged by the effect of their religion upon the best
of them and not the worst. They visit this country and find in the
slums of our great cities conditions that are not outdone in squalor
and vice by the slums of Canton or Calcutta. On the other hand they
find here in a different social grade the same graces of life, the same
consideration for the weak, the same charity and gentleness that are
among the Parsees of Bombay, the Brahmins of Agra, the Bud
dhists of Ceylon, and the followers of Confucius in China arid the
Shintoists of Japan. While we may differ from their conclusions, we
cannot dispute their right to conclude that their forms of religion
and ours are excellent, if they are lived, or made the guide of moral
conduct. If our missionaries could show throughout Christendom
the universal influence of their religion, carried into the conduct of
all the people and. into the "policy of all governments nominally Chris
tian, they would have all the argument on their side.
FOREIGN MISSIONARIES.
for the christianizing of the world. We think this states the case of
the laymen who fail to be enthusiastic over foreign missions, and it
may deserve the attention of churchmen. >
j peoples to whom our missionaries go. They are observed and com
i mented upon and remembered. There are many laymen who believe
i that all the money and effort 1 put into foreign missions should be
spent upon the reform of conditions at home. There are good and
J earnest Christians who think that some man .who towers above his
| fellows should raise a banner of light inscribed with the legend
| "Christianize Christendom" as the first and most needed preparation
j in that way measure their duty. Let any daily paper published in our
j great cities be used for the purpose of keeping the statistics of juve
j nile crime and transgression. Let the revelations of a year be col
i leered for the purpose of study. A gentleman who has kept such
! statistics for six months finds them to reveal such conditions among
! the youth of this country as to cause a most pessimistic feeling about
: the future, for in all our large cities it* has been found necessary to
have a special judicial court to deal with the crimes and offenses
I of youth. Now upon the children of the nations depend the kingdom
! of this world as well as the kingdom of heaven, and it seems a pity
i that so much Christian zeal should be exported in the form of mis
! sionaries to deal with far problems that are already in the hands
I of just as zealous men, while this vast field at' home is needful of
' workers.
: Let us not think that these conditions escape the attention of the
"Do take him away, dear Miss Cath
erwood!" she murmured. "I have done
my best to get rid of him this last
hour. If he. stays longer all the rest
will hate me— you are an angel to de
liver me from such a dreadful fate."
¦ "You mean I am an angel— angels
are all masculine. I leave it to the
highest authorities if that is not true,"
Melville said, standing stock-still, his
folded arms propped upon the flower
table. Margery looked at him re-,
proachf ully. "You are blocking the
way of trade," she said. "I have some
what of a conscience, howsoever you
may be lacking in it— these flowers
have got to be turned into flannels,
and soup and shoes for poor folks
are you willing to pay in advance for
all I don't sell?"
dozen of the biggest and hairiest,
please, Miss Lane. Change? Out
rageous! Who ever heard of change at
a fair?" ,
"I don't want flowers. Keep your
money. Or if you needs must spend it.
come to some of the sensible tables,"
Miss Catherwood said wiCh what she
meant for a withering glance at Mar
gerys who smiled amiably.
Of course, sympathy is helpful. It is
a balm to the wound that rankles inour
sensibilties. The world is not so lonely
a place when there is some one In it
who shares our sorrows. Friendship
makes up the larger half of that posi
tion of "the glory and the dream" that
remains with us when childhood's
trustful days are over. But in love
affairs one's own self is one's very
best friend, as well as one's worst
enemy.
herself, by putting it into worthy deed*
than by throwing it to the four winds
of heaven in fruitless words.
The task before the South is to prove to the country that the
negro can bo deprived of the ballot and retain his freedom. If he
is not only deprived of the ballot, but is regarded as an outlaw
when a white man under the same circumstances of crime and guilt
is protected in his right of a jury trial and legal sentence, it is diffi
cult to see how his lapse into slavery is to be prevented. One section
of the constitution is as easily violated as another. The security
of the negro's freedom is no greater than the security of his citizen
ship arid his right of self-government by his own ballot.
This is all plain to Judge Jones, and it is evidently his desire
to put up the judicial safeguards of the Federal courts, to prevent
a return of chattel slavery, by making the negro equal before the
law which white men make and administer. We are not yet in re
ceipt of the opinions of the Southern press, if indeed the}' have ex
pressed any upon this attitude of the court. We are sure, however,
that it will immediately interest the thoughtful element of that sec
tion who do not believe that the riotous and violent minds of Till
man and Vardaman should be taken by the North as expressive of
Southern sentiment.
Much may be counted on from the influence of Judge Jones, who
is a leading citizen of his State, and served a number of terms as its
Governor. The Southern leaders who are philosophical in their view
of the race problem deplore the effect upon the whites of the con
dition of the negroes, and, above all things, desire to avoid the ener
vating effects upon their own race of the civil and mdustrial sub
jection of the other. Judge Jones has raised a new issue and
brought in sight a new remedy. How will the South take it?
ludge I ones has already dealt in his course with one of the
consequences of denying to the negro the equal protection of the
law. As he intimates, the result will be the subjection of the race
and the practical nullification of the thirteenth amendment, by which
slavery was abolished. This has already occurred in Alabama, where
negroes have been found, held in actual chattel slavery now, in de
fiance of the constitution. The master has been punished upon con
viction in his own court. It is a vast problem. In its solution will
emancipation be reversed.
JUDGE JOXES of the United States Court for the Northern
District of Alabama is a Southern Democrat and an en
lightened jurist. He holds pronounced views upon the duty
of the Federal Government to protect its citizens at home as well
as abroad. He believes that the Federal courts have jurisdiction to
punish lynchers when negroes are their victims, and if his view
obtain in the South mobs will be less ready with torch and rope.
In a charge to the* Grand Jury in h;s court recently he said:
"Perhaps as good a test as any other in arriving at a just conclusion
is to ask yourselves, considering what was said and done by the
mob. would a white man under the same circumstances, charged
with the particular offense upon the same victim, have been at
tacked or murdered by this mob? If you. are fairly satisfied that
the mob would not have murdered Maples if he had been a white
man, then every dictate of humanity and justice demands that you
return true bills against the members of the mob.
*Hc reached this conclusion and asserted Federal jurisdiction
because the constitution requires that all citizens of the United
States have equal protection of the laws of the State where they
live. The Judge continued: "Whatever may be said of any other
murder or of any offense against a member of the race, there can
be no room for doubt when a member of that former slavi 1 race is
taken by members of another race out of the hands of the State
which is endeavoring to secure for him the enjoyment of the; right of
trial by jury, which its laws accord to all men under accusation of
crime, and is pvt 10 death by a mob because^ of his race to prevent
his having a trial according to the law of the land, that the intent
and inevitable eiTect of such an act is to destroy the victim's en
joyment of freedom and equality of civil rights 'because of the race
to which he belongs, and sooner or later reduce the negro to the
condition of a subject race.
"1 he white race is superior and wields the power of government.
The negro has practically no part in it. The laws arc made by
white men. White men preside in the courts. White men sit on the
juries. The danger is not thai a guilty negro will escape just pun
ishment at the hands of the law. but that in many instances the in
nocent may meet with unjust punishment. The pretext that the
criminal will not receive justice if the law is allowed to take its
course is wholly wanting."
story, agreeing together to
keep the secret of her fortune,
and weaving ' the plot which ends in
the young bride's looking, to her sor
row, upon the face of her adored, but
unknown, husband Eros, with whom,
through the magic of Olympus, she has
lived, though she has never seen him.
The epigram which I have quoted
reveals a weakness of the human
heart: the one which I am about to
write expresses a phase- of spiritual
strength- They are not so miserable as
they might be who are able to keep
their own counsel about any unhappi
n^ss in love. For they are still free
agents, in' a position to follow any
course of conduct they please, unbound
by ill-considered statements made, un
challenged* by the criticisms of others
in whom they have confided. . . * . -
Let a person with whom you are
speaking talk all he will, but when it
is your turn be careful what you say —
this is recognized as an excellent max
im in business. It is equally good in
personal affairs. If you can carry it
out consistently, your battle, whatever
Its character, is won.
You are still in absolute possession
of your secret soul; the walls are forti
hed, and the portcullis down. You are
not at the mercy of the many who, like
Sneer in Sheridan's "Critic," have just
enough wit to make them mischievous.
Of course, we all have confidence in
our friends. We would trust them with
our last dollar, and all that. We know
that they would never intentionally
breathe a word which we might con
fide to them.
But words which have left one's lips
have an extraordinary vitality for liv
ing, going on — and for growing ab
normally, whether they are by nature
heaven born or of titantic brood.
Do you recall "Fama" or "Ru
mor." whom the Aeneid described for
you in high-school days? She it was
who wrought fond Dido's ruin after the
Carthagonian queen's public confes
sion of her love, and brought the clas
sic romance to its tragic end. 'Twas a
horrid, a terrible figure that Virgil con-
THEY are, not truly happy of
whose happiness other foik
are unaware," say Psyche'*
jealous sisters in Walter Pe
ters' version of the old Greek
Public defeat of any k;r<l is humiliat
injr. But to a sensitive '.voman, who
has hopeless aspiration? for happiness
in a home which th? man she loves
might make for her. it is far more bit
ter to have the story of her unrequited
affection get abroad than "rowing up
Salt River" could be to any man with
a man's ambitions.
She is wise if she guards her lips to
a >Iemnonian silence, remembering
that she can turn her romance into
history, with greater satisfaction to
jured up from the murky deeps of his
imagination. I like to thir.k rather of
a similar lesson that vvas presented in
a sermon which I heard in my child
hood, and which declared that, by the
laws of physical nature, every word
that, vibrating, leaves our Ups reaches
In its ultimate effects the farthest star.
BY DOROTHY FENUVVORE.
had stopped short at sight of
her, setting her ' nose at least
an inch, higher, and sniffing audibly/
Since they were fellow church-workers,
It would not do to say Miss Catherwood
hated Margery, but ever since young
Warwick had fallen under Margery's
spell, the elder lady had shown herself
spiteful beyond words.
All Eppington laughed at her— of
course, covertly. She was in a way
its great lady, owning the biggest
house, the handsomest grounds, and
nearly the biggest bank account in
the village. Young Warwick's uncle,
the Major, had a thought more ready
money, but since he lived modestly,
never subscribed to anything— in pub
lic — and gave away by stealth more
than half his income, he was no such
personage as Miss Callierwood, whose
joy in life was to write her name in
front of a good round sum, at the head
and forefront of every important list.
Margery said audaciously that it was
Miss Catherwood's habit to let both
hands know all that even her little
finger did. Possibly it was that speech,
with the necessary accretions from
mouth to mouth, which first made Ep
pington's Lady Bountiful, so high and
haughty toward its prettiest girl.
Margery Lane was easily that — and
much more. There was a sweet soul
at the bottom of her velvet eyes, wit
and spirit a-plenty under^ her mop
of floss-silk curls. All the finest young
fellows of the village were her chums
and sworn champions — even |to the
two or three who had tried to be
something more. Margery's compell
ing gayety shed sentiment as a duck's
wing sheds water. Thus she had
laughed her would-be swains out of
sighing into a consciousness of what
she persisted in calling their mistakes.
When sh,e had fully persuaded them to
take her own saen view she sent them
rejoicing on the way to court and
marry other girls.
Thus, in her own way. she was
easily as much a power as Miss Cath
erwood. Otherwise, she would not
have been what she was at the fair.
MisSv Catherwood was the fair's mov
ing spirit. If she had dared she
would have ignored Margery. Since
she did not dare she wisely resolved
to make the utmost possible out of
her enemy. Consequently Margery
had the stall which dispensed impar
tially randy, cut flowers and literature.
The girl's chums had behaved nobly
in the matter of buying, to say noth
ing of her lovers, actual, possible and
imposible. Major Warwick put him
self at the head of the impossible,
vowing things were at a pretty pass,
indeed, when the girl he had brought
up specially for himself was whisked
away from him all in a wink by his
scapegoat of a nephew.
Melville Warwick, the nephew, had
been Miss Catherwood's protege since
he was in short frocks, this in spite ot
his own smoldering rebellion. His
mother, a gentle half invalid, was de
voted to Pamela Catherwood, and
Melville never willfully crossed his
mother in' anything.' He had worn
Catherwood leading strings with what
grace he might up to the day he was
sent away to college. When he came
back from it to find tomboy Margery
a creatur? of infinite and tricky charm,
withal the one woman in the world
f S * K ARGERY'S eyes danced wick
f|\ edly, she snuffed battle afar.
ill Miss Catherwood, waddling
I * 1 majestically' from booth to
% \ booth at St. Barnabas fair.
"What is it, Aunt Pam? You want
a rose? . Let me beg you choose in
stead some of those choice chrysan
themums. You see everybody wants
roses — and all the flowers ought to go
— the chrysanthemums swamp any
woman less majestic than yourself. A
for him*, he let it be seen he. meant
henceforth .to have his own way.
Within a fortnight he. had courted
Margery openly, getting a nay-say, of
course,' but equally, of course, whis
tling It down the wind.
"I'll give you time to find out your
own mind," he had said. "It my take
two years — but what is that beside
living a whole life without you?".:.'.
Now he leaned ujion the flower
counter so , ostentatiously rapt in the
choice of a rose that Miss Catherwood
had to , sueak twice before.., he- an
swered.
. FEDERAL COURTS AND LYNCHERS.
Miss Catherwood raised a rtiassy
arm There, true enough, the buuble
gleamed. With one gasping look ut
Margeiy't set, white face, sh-: fell all
in a moaning heap at the feet of th«
g'.r. die .had accused, , in her fail javr
inf,-c'» wn a big lantern and overturn
ing it amid the rubbishy dej >raliniu.
Instantly there was a threatening
flare— the flames ran leaping venge
fully. toward "the groveling woman. If
she breathed them once she was lost.
Margery stood over her, her slight fig
ure outlined against a heavy rich-hued
rug. Before another ¦ hand could b»
raised her arms went up, she tore the
rug loose and. holding it banner- wise
around and above her, .dropped t and
smothered with it the flare at her feet.
An hour later Dr. Archer was saying
as he patted Margery's burned fingers,
"Little girl, it was a heap more than
a life for a .life. You thought only of
your enemy, but you saved your friend
as well. If the fire had gained head
way every home in Eppington might
be. in mourning."
"I'm not trying to -pay. you, Mar
gery — money cannot do that," Miss
Catherwood supplemented, from the
depths of her easy chair: "But— you
shall be my heirers— to prove, you truly
forgive me— and you shall marry Mel
ville Warwick— to show riches makes
no difference In a true woman's love."
Sunmed- silence for a breath — then
baVel broke loose. Suddenly iome
one cr.td. "Miss CatherwooJ, there's
your jurse, tangled up in the lace
i.n<! jvt on your hanging sieeve!"
"Unless you; buy them yourself, no
body will," Margery said with a smile
of infantile malice. "They are so big
andjdull, and bricky-red everybody has
sniffed "at; them — indeed, Mr. 1 Satmire
told me when he fetched them in.
'Pamela Catherwood is your one
chance for these.*"'
"indeed!" Miss Catherwood was so
near apoplexy. she could not get be
yond the word. "I'll give you a dollar
apiece 'for them," she said, "and you
can send them straight to the Home
of the Homeless." Then with a hiss
ing 'shriek, "Girl! where is my 'purse?
I liad it a moment back — and laid It
right there under your hand!"
"Yes, I saw it," Margery said, hur
riedly turning about- masses of blos
somy green. Miss Catherwood watch
ed her suspiciously, crying jerkily all
the .while. "My purse! Gold-mounted
— the clasp' set with diamonds — and a
hundred dollars! What have you done
with it 1 ?"
"Hush!" young Warwick said im
peratively, making to lead her away.
People were gathering, staring, listen
ing, craning necks to see, all About.
Margery let fall her han^, snying
quietly, "It is not here."
The v, ords took away Miss Cnther
v.oorVs. last vestige, of composure.
With i plunging lurch she bvorss* the
flower table,, clutched Margery by
both shoulders and shook h?r hard,
h:s^;r.^ out, "You! You lictio bold
faced thef." .
"Atelville!. For shame! What shock
ing, irreverence! Still, I. am not alto
gether astonished," Mies Catherwood
Interrupted, raising her eyes to the
celling. "Now, If you please, we will
be going. Miss L/ane, sell my chrysan
themums over again— and don't forget
to add what they fetch to the amount
of my original.donation."
"Willing enough— more than will
ing!".. Melville retorted. ."Only, show
me how. I've. been here. three hours —
we,ii, after, this I can give pointers. to
the . poor man who . fell among
thieves "
BY MARTHA McCULLOCH-WILLlfTMS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS • Proprietor
- DDpEEg ALJ< COMMUNICATIONS TO _ •
JOHN McXAlGHT 11'IJ ' ' 1 ' .!— "J." ---^Lllimil^-'—- "_"?**?
rvBucATXQN^rncE .tord"axp~mIrket strebtp^an^a^cisco
SUNDAY NOVBMBEr"h, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER - 13, 1904.
AT ST. BARNABA'S FAIR
WEAKNESS OF HUMAN HEART
SHOWN BY EPIGRAM
She Tore the Rue Loose uncl
Smothered the Flames at Her
Feet. :
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
FROM THE TYPOGRAPHICAL, JOURNAL.
. An .Eastern exchange says of The San Francisco Call: "The issue of
Sunday,' September 4, consists of forty-six pages, much of it devoted to
the Knights Templar conclave. The two sections are printed in colors.
It surely is a metropolitan paper, there being nothing in the East that
excels it."
"NOTHING IN EAST
cXCcLS THE CALL"
~ rioutu -Toiessor nas been inquir
ing into the comparative criminality of
the professions. He finds that the con
victions per 100,000 of each are as fol
lows: Lawyers, 100; artists. 33; doc
tors. 25; lay teachers. 1$ clerical teach
ers, 7; Catholic clergy. 4.
26
. Townsends California Glace frulta tn
artistic fire-etched hoxes. 715 Market «-•
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •THE REV. K. T. -HORI.
By this the slayer's knife did stab him
self;
The unjust judge hath lost his own
defender;
The false tongue dooms Its He; the creep
ing thief
And spoiler rob, to render.
Such is the Law which moves to right
eousness.
Which none at last can turn aside or
stay;
The heart of it Is Love, the end of It
Is Peace and Consummation sweet.
Obey!
It knows not wrath nor pardon; utter
true
Its measures mete, its faultless bal
ance weighs; ~-»
Times are as nought, to-morrow it will
Judge.
Or after many days.
It seeth everywhere and market h all;
Do right — it reeompenseth! do one
wrong —
The equal retribution must be made.
Though Dharma tarry long.
It will not be contemned of any one;
Who thwarts it loses, and who serves
it gains; ..
The hidden good it pays with peace and
bliss, :' : ' -, H' ''
The hidden ill with pains.
I conclude this article with the
beautiful words of the late Sir Edwin
Arnold:
Unseen it helpeth ye with faithful hands.
Unheard it speaketh stronger than the
storm.
Pity and Love are man's because long
stress
Molded blind mass to form.
the highest moral ideal in his per
son. Such a man is naturally jealous
of his personal virtue, and will fulfill
his sacred duty to society, and his
moral influence will affect his family
and fellow-men, so that by his good
deeds he may enjoy the blessing of
perfect peace with many other people.
ly grow full of sympathy and com
passion. This sublime state of man
is to have attained to Right Actions,
the fourth step of the Path.
The fifth stage of the "Eightfold
Path" is Right Means of Livelihood.
Accustomed to the Right Actions
one's life will grow purer and clearer,
and then his action in dailv life, even
eating, walking or sleeping, shall
naturally accord with the highest laws
of nature. Ascending from all con
ditions which cause pain and sorrow,
we may live only by those means
that produce spiritual calmness and
serenity. This state of attainment is
said to be Right Means of Livehood,
the fifth step of the Path.
The sixth stage of the "Eightfold
Path" is Right Energy.
By living and training in this wav,
one may conquer his mind and he
will have capacity to use his energy
to manifest the strong power of his
will. This state of attainment is said
to be Right Energy, the sixth step
of the Path.
The seventh stage of the "Eightfold
Path" is Right Mindfulness.
As the strong willpower is gained
in the sixth step, so may he learn
to concentrate all his thoughts and
hojcl upon a special object, always
keeping holy things in mind. This
state is said to be Right Mindfulness,
the seventh step of the Path.
The eight stage of the "Eightfold
Path" is Right State of a Pure Mind.
By this holy transcendental ability
we can constantly think on holy
things, and our mind will- be entirely
peaceful. This is Right State of a
Peaceful Mind, the eighth or the last
step of the Path. This state of man
is one of perfect morality, realizing
The Ideal Teacher, the Newspaper as an Instructor, and Other Matters
THE NEW IDEA OF EDUCATION
LL"\ OVE brothers." This \i
r, the noble teaching of the
B Western sage. "Com
[¦ y passion to all men with
out distinction of rank,
rationality and color." This is the
precious instruction of the Oriental
'»-ache.r. Social virtue, so much
spoken for scores of year?, comes
from the same motive as taught by
the wise men of the Orient and the
Occident, , Of course, social virtue
stands 'parallel with personal virtue,
but at present, the former is much
more in view than the latter. As
we «e in various administrations of
public organization, town, city, State
or country, every decent and patriotic
citizen is more or less sacrificing his
own profit and happiness for the bet
terment of the society where he lives.
All good men and women have been
crying' out for the improvement of
society and their endeavors alreadv
have brought social organizations to
a better condition, and I am sure
that they can lift it to the higher
plane of life, nearer, indeed, to the
ideal.'
: There are many people respected
in society as being good self-sacrific
ing men on account of their contribu
tion to the social works, though these
same men have committed horrible
"^ins in the background. On the con
trary, many individuals, perfect in
their personal virtue, are thrown into
darkness in society, on account of
their inability to stand forth as lead
ers in the social work. These strange
phenomena are seen everywhere in
Asia, Europe and America. If these
injustices will be tolerated without
being rectified then cleverly masked
men, so ill-willed in their hearts, will
continue to gain distinguished posi
tions in that society which thev must
eventually degrade. They are like
counterfeit coins.' -Their looks mav
deceive us for a time, but the time
will come sooner or later when their
baseness shall.be exoosed. Though
the ma^k of the wicked man mav be
dragged down by the people he will
already have effected ruiri. desolation
and disgrace in sanctified circles.
To prevent this kind of corruption
of society -by wicked misleaders we.
must choose men not only for their
ability but primarily for their personal
virtues.
Society is an aggregate of thou
sands of individuals, and the social
will must have its foundation on the
will of each individual person. If we
desire a society perfect in virtue we
should at first improve the moral will
of each individual.
A classical text of Oriental ethics
says: "Pure heart renders one's mind
honest. Honest- mind constitutes
good personality. Good personality
forms happy home. Haoov home
constructs comfortable town. Com
fortable town brings about peaceful
State or country." So a man of im
pure heart brings misery to his hoWe.
A dishonest administrator will de
stroy his social organization with him
at its head. In political affairs, if
we elect a man of ill-will to a high
and representative position he may
ruin the country.
One can speak love in his lips, and
write compassion with his pen, but
we should never choose man by his
lips or pen only. Eloquence of ora
tors may conceal their faultB. and
beautiful articles of a writer can
illuminate over the darkness of
his heart. Eloquent speech is noth
ing unless it comes from out oi. the
sincere heart. A thousand pages of
flowery articles arc as nothing if the
writer lacks purity of motive. We
should choose men of patriotism, men
of pure will and good personality
for administrators and lawmakers —
men who will promote the spiritual
happiness of society and mankind.
Allegorically speaking, the human
mind is like a glittering- sparkle of a
lighthouse on the coast. The sparkle
"may, g,u,ide many, ships in the far dis
tant points oh the sea, vet we have
complete darkness at the foot of the
lighthouse. In- the same analogy, it
is easy to criticize others while the
darkness is>around ourselves. In or
der to bring the glittering sparkle
home to ourselves we should reflect,
comprehend and improve ourselves
according to the instructions of the
best teachers.
Some wise men of the West have
taught us their doctrine of the* middle
way as the standard of virtue. .The
greatest Oriental teacher also taught
his disciples "The Middle Path," or
the middle course of a' virtuous life.
This was summed gp in eight prin
ciples or parts, and therefore called
the "Noble Eightfold Path."
The first stage of the Noble Eight
fold Path is Right Comprehension.
We must at first comprehend char
acter of all life in the world. Three
woes— old age. disease and death —
are for all living creatures. Once
born in the world none can pass
the barriers of these three sorrows.
One may content himself for a
while by ignoring the distress of his
fellow man or even blinding himself
to his own future. But such self
satisfaction arises from ignorance.
But is ignorance not a sorrow? Al
most all religions, ancient and mod
ern, or Eastern and Western, have
been founded upon the idea of sor
row or evils of the world. Without
this idea of sorrow alL religions in the
world would have lost their existence.
Next we must comprehend transi
toriness of all life: Everything on
the "earth, depends upon the principle
of transition. Men. animals, plants,
or even stones, having once come out
to the world of life, must perish or
decompose sooner or later. Then we
understand the meaning of transitori
ness quite well. Next we must com
prehend absence of immortal self.
This is very hard for Western minds
to understand, for their mode of
thought is quite different from the
Eastern. • .Usually we sav: "I am."
¦'my property," and so forth. This
I-ness, or self, is not immortal, but
is commonly thought to be so. All
quarrels emanate from this selfhood.
In reality, there is no immortal ego
istic-self. Thus, when we rightly
comprehend sorrow, transitoriness
and the non-self of all life, we attain
to Right Comprehension, or the first
step of the Path.
The second stage of the "Noble
Eightfold Path" is Right Aims.
When we see anything suffer we
feel pitifully, we compassionate and
resolve to expel our own ill-will and
give succor to the needv. If this
motive of our aims be sincere and
genuine we have attained to the Right
Aims, the second step of the Path.
\ The third stage of- the "Eiehtfold
Path" is Right Speech.
tf a man's motive is pure and true
he will not conceal the truth, nor
will he seek secrecy, nor will he
speak unkindly to the people, but
his words will be always mild and
fair. Realizing love and comnassion
in his speech he is said to have at
tained to Right SpeechT the third step
of the Path. WfV
The fourth stage of the "Eightfold
Path" is Right Actions.
By understanding the woes of life
and. also bearing the feeling of pity,
every phase of our conduct will sure-
BY THE REV. K. T. HORI, Superintendent Buddhist Missions in America
ORIENTAL VIEW OF MORALITY
I don't know that I cud get much on thim,
but if I wanted to be a millyonaire I'd tuck
you an' Hogan an' Donahue undher me
ar-rm an' carry ye down to Mose.
"McMullin did cash. He had no more
laziness thin me. but he cashed it in befure
whin they cud enjoy .it they can't
buy it back. Thin I have me good health.
Ye can always get money on that. An' I
have me frinds; I rayfuse to cash thim in.
{ jITE'RE ayether born poor
V or rich. It don't make
JL any difference whether
or not ye have money
to begin with. If ye're born
to be rich, ye'll be rich, an' if
ye're born to be poor, ye'll be
poor. Th' buttons on ye're
vest tell th' story. Rich man,
poor man, beggar man, rich
man, or wurruds to that ef
fect. I always find that I
have ayether two buttons or
six.
"Whin Hogan wants four
dollars he takes th' clock
down to Moses. Whin Rocky
feller wants tin millyon he
puts up his peace of mind or
his health, or something
akelly valyable."
BUTTONS ON THE VEST
TELL THE STORY OP
RICH OR POOR MAN
a forced sale. Well. McMullin an' I had th'
same start, about forty yards- behind
scratch, an' Vanderbilt to beat. They al
ways put th' best man in anny race behind
th' line. Befure McMullin gets through
he'll pass Vanderbilt. carry away th' tape
on his shoulders run two or three times
around the thrack. But me an' him started
th' same way. Th' on'y diff'rence was that
he wud cash in an' I wudden't. Th' on'y
thing I iver ixpicted to get money on was
.me. dhream iv avarice. I always had that.
I cud. dhream iv money as- hard as anny
man ye iver see. an' can still. But I niver
thought iv.wurrukin' f'r it. I've always
looked on it as dishon'rable to wurruk f'r
money. I wurruk f'r exercise, an' I get
what th' lawyers call an honoraryium be
dilutin' th' spirits. ¦ Th' on'y way I iver ex
pect to make a cint is, to have it left to me
be a rich relation, an' I'm th' pluthycrat iv
me fam'ly. or to stub me toe on a gambler's
roll or stop a runaway horse f'r Pierpont
Morgan. An' th' horse mustn't be runnin'
too fast. 'He must be jus' goin' to stop, on-'y
Morgan don't know it. havin' fainted. Whin
he comes, to he finds me at th' bridle, mod
estly waitin' f'r him to weep on me bosom.
But as -f'r ; scramblin' downtown arly in th'
mornin'. an* buy in' chattel morgedges. I
niver thought' iv it. I get up at siven
o'clock. -I wudden't get. up at a quarther to
siven f'r all th' jnoney I dhream about. I
have a lot iv things ar-round here I cud
cash in if I cared f'r money. I have th'
priceless gift- iv ; laziness. It's made me
what I am, an' that's th' very first. thing ivr£
rich man cashes in. Th' millyonaires ye
r-read about thryin' to give th' rest iv th'
wurruld a good time be runnin' over thim
in autymobills all started with a large stock
iv indolence which they cashed in. Now,
meal out iv that.' 'Sorry, sir,' says th'
black man. 'but we're all out iv good
health. Besides.' he says, takin' ye gintly
be th' ar-rm, 'we're comin' into the deepo
an' ye'll have to get out.' he says.
"An' there ye ar-re. Ye'll niver get
money onless ye fix th' waither -an' grab
th' dishes fr'm th' other passengers. An'
ye won't do that. So ye'll niver be rich.
No poor man iver will be. Wan iv th'
sthrangest things about life is that th' poor
who need th' money th' most ar-re th'
very wans that niver have it. A poor man
is a poor man an' a rich man is ; a . rich
man. Ye're, ayether born poor or rich. It
don't make anny difference whether or not
ye have money to begin with. If ye're
born to be rich ye'll be rich, an' if ye're
born to be. poor ye'll be poor. Th' buttons
on ye'er vest tell th' story. Rich man, poor
man, beggar man. rich man, or wurruds to
that effect. I always find that I have
ayether two buttons or six.
"A poor man is a man that rayfuses to
cash in. Ye don't get annything f'r naw
thin, an' to gather in a millyon, iv thim
beautiful lithographs iv Salmon P. Chase
ye have to go down ivry day with some
thing undher ye'er ar-rm to th' great pawn
shop. Whin Hogan wants four dollars he
takes th' clock down to Moses. Whin
Rockyfellar wants tin millyon he puts up his
peace iv mind or his health or something
akelly valyable. If Hogan wud hock his
priceless habit iv sleepin' late in th' mornin' :
he wud be able to tell th' time iv day whin
he got up without goin' to th' corner dhrug
store. \ '¦"'>!.'' K ¦ ¦'¦'
"Look at McMullin. He's rowlin' in it.<
It bulges his pocket an' inflates his convar
sation. Whin he looks at me I always feel
that he's wondhrin' how much I'd bring at
this?' says he. 'Don't I get annything to
eat? Can't ye give me a little happiness?'
'I wudden't ricommend th' happiness.' says
th' waither. 'It's canned an' it kilt th' las'
man that thried it.' 'Well, gracious,' says
ye. 'I've got to have something. Give me
a little good health an' I'll thry to make a
/ / W "*<v EAR me. 1 wisht 1 had
\ mon .y," said Mr. Hen
_J So do I. said Mr. Doo
"Ye wuddcn'f R et it fr'm me." said Mr.
If I didnt." said Mr. Dooley. ." 'Twud
be because I was poor or tired. But what
d'ye want money f'r? Supposin* I lost me
head an* handed over all me accumylated
wealth? What wud ye do with that gr-reat
fortune? Pefure ye had spint half iv it
ye'd be so sick ye'd come to me an' hand
back th" remainin' eighteen dollars.
"A man fjas more fun wishin' f r th'
things he hasn't got thin injyin' th' things
he has got. Life, Hinnissy. is like a Pull
man dinin' car — a fine bill of fare, but naw
thin' to eat. Ye go in fresh an' hungry,
tuck your napkin in ye'er collar an' square
away at th' list iv groceries that th' black
man hands ye. What'll ye have first? Ye
think ye'd like to be famous an' ye ordher
a dish iv fame, and bid th' waither make
it good an' hot. He's gone an age an'
whin he comes back ye'er appytite is de
parted. Ye taste th' ordher an' says ye:
"Why. it's cold an' full iv broken glass.'
'That's th' way we always sarve fame on
this car.' says th' coon. 'Don't ye think
ye'd like money f'r th' sicond coorse?
Misther Rockyfellar. over there, has had
forty-two helpinV says he. «'It don't seem
to agree with him,' says ye. 'but ye may
bring me some.' ye say. Away he goes an'
*tay«; till ye're bald an' ye'er teeth fall out
an' ve set dhrummin' on th' table an'
Inokin' out at th' scenery. By an' by he
come? back with ye'er orddher, but jus'
a< he's goin' to hand it to ye Rockyfellar
prabs th' p!ate. 'What kind iv a car is
CCl ft. THOMAS BALLIET of
\ Nen York University in a
H recent addrcfF defined the J
M r<\\ idea of education. Its j
mott significant characterise ;
tic, he. declared, was the in- :
creased love a!:d respect fur children, j
They art- row bting studied scientifi- i
cally £.r.d sympathetically from ¦ the [
standpoint of psychology and medicine r
and the sympathetic standpoint of the
mother and tearher. The' change in
lh* ideals of education is also marked.
Whereas the former aim of teaching '.
to promote the acquisition of ;
knowledge, the main object now is to
acquire ability to think, the power to :
use- the mind and to crasp new prob- '
'ems. The theory does not permit. the
rating of a student's capacity by his
classroom marks or his standing upon
the day cf his Kraduation.
In the educational uplift, which has
lately come to ','hicago. there Is promi
nent ni*nti;.n ' «tf that important per
eonage — the Jdca: teacher. It is a hope- 1
ful sign that in that city and in many
other places large attention 4s being
given to. the personality and work 'of
teachers. This plainly announces that
the idea that anybody will do for a
teacher is passing; that there is a
wider recognition of the Importance of
the instructor's work and that stronger
efforts are being made to bring to that
vork persons w,ho are mentally and
moraily fitted for it. In the course of
an address delivered before a hundred
young women, who are to teach In
the rural districts surrounding Chicago,
Principal J. W. Cook of the Northern
Illinois Normal . School recently said
that the ideal teacher must possess
youth and beauty; and then, when
some of his auditors still regarded J)im
in dismay, 'he hastened to add that he
referred to youth of spirit and, beauty
of expression. A' teacher with these
dualities will have the greatest in-
Suence with her pupils and it will be
persistent and wholesomei Another
speaker Insisted that the ideal teacher
must be possessed of a heaping meas
ure of common" eense — the splendid
quality of adapting oneself to circurh-.
stances, of mastering a . situation, no
matter wliat obstacles it presents. '
"The teaching of current events Is
on* of the best- signs of the century.
I And for this teaching nothing is. so
j valuable as the newspaper. We all
j know that a large proportion of the
{boys and girls of this land do not go
I to college. To those who enter upon!
1 a business career. It is of immense J
• importance that they have . good ;
; understanding of this form of daily
! literature. We are not sure that they
j will keep on with Plato, but we do
j know that they will all read the news
i papers. Every American citizen does.
i What we, as teachers, must do, then,
is to teach our children, to read them
intelligently." •' . ;
With these and other earnest words,
j Robert E. Thompson, principal of the
Central High School of Philadelphia j
and a lecurtrer of wide reputation, re- j
cently addresse-1 the annual meeting of j
the New England Association of Col
leges upon the part that newspapers
j take in educational development. The
I speaker/while claiming an unmeasured
influence for great newspapers, also ;
• laid stress upon the importance, of in- '
struction to scholars how they should'
be read. He would have . the civics,
teacher encourage his class ¦ to ask all j
manner of questions on -topics of the
day and would have the scholars learn j
to see causes In criticizing human mo
tives and to study nations and people
from their own point of view. .'
California teachers are anticipating a I
treat in the rich programme of the
State Teachers' Association to be heid
at San Jose, December 26 to 30 inclu
siveJ Dr. Edwin A: Alderman, presi-.
dent of the University of Virginia, will,
make three addresses on, respectively.
"The Negro Problem," "Childhood in
Civilization" and "The Spirit of the
South," giving to the last-named sub-,
ject a national treatment.
Jacob A. Riis, the enthusiastic Dane- J
American, will discuss "What Is It 1
that Makes - True Americans?" and !
William H. . Mills will speak on ."Our
Prison Schools." The department meet
ings and the social gatherings will be
numerous and varied. Recreation trips |
to Mount Hamilton and other points of j
interest have been arranged with re- 1
duced rates. '; . j
f A wondrous ' success with a school j
garden has been ¦¦ realized ¦ this season !
by- Public School No.; 4. in New. York 1
City. This school is ' unique in its j
composition, probably no other like it
exists in this country. It Is located
in the densely populated district at the
corner of Rivington and Ridge streets
and has an enrollment of 2100 scholars,
every one of whom are believed to be
of Jewish parentage.
So narrow are their environments
that, incredible as it may seem, 1000
only of; these \ j children • acknowledge
that they have seen a tree. The out
look for nature study by children with
such limited horizons seemed to be"
hopeless. But, fortunately, only :a
block; away the annex of. this school
was condemned by the board of health
and was torn down." Part of the va
cant space was bare land. Such an
opportunity' was not to be lost. The
little plat >vas divided among the forty
ni ne eager j classes and farming was
begun on a miniature scale. At any
time during the day a teacher was
allowed to take her class into the
grounds f or :, fifteen : minutes _ if they
were not then occupied. One class
raised ' grass, ' others vegetables and
flowers. 1VJ1 - were closely watched
throughout the season with an inten
sity of which a prairie "farmer knows
nothing. Aside from the : pride of the
scholars in the crops realized the effect
of this nature work was wonderful
upon these children of the city. Their
perceptions were quickened, geography
had a more tangible meaning when
wheat, corn and hay were discussed as
part of the wealth of the country and
an unsuspected tenderness of spirit was
evoked through the language of flow
ers. Such a rich experience through
one summer's experiment has hitherto
been unknown in New York.
Lady Henry Somerset' of England,
whose frequent visits to the United
States in beha!f of philanthropic inter
ests have ' afforded an" extensive out
look, has lately -.'expressed her opinion
of the public school system in "this
country. She acknowledges the surprise
felt by an English woman on her first
visit to a great public school In Amer
ica on account of the commingling of
i.11 classes of the community. Favor
able comment Is made upon co-educa
tion, upon the social standing given to
teachers," which is unknown in Eng
land, the school methods seem to her
1 ." be* admirable, the flying of the flag
and the national songs sung are ap
proved, while the teaching of civics,
reinforced by practical lessons through
miniature town meetings are boards
of Aldermen, win her unqualified com
mendation. Lady Somerset asserts
thnt one of the great secrets of the
American woman's influence la to be
found in the fact that she is Infinitely
better educated than the average En
glish woman.
At the main works of the General
Electric Company in Schenectady. i N.
Y., a large number of young men are
employed. Arrangements *'are being
made .by the co-operation of the engi
neers of the company with the City
Board of Education to establish an
electrical night school, to have a two
year course of study, varied by occa
sional lectures. Rooms. will be fur
nished by the school authorities and
a fee of $10 to be paid by the men at
tending the school will defray the
teaching and minor expenses.
It is reported that Bishop Lawrence
of Massachusetts will lead an effort to
raise a fund of J3.000.000 for Harvard
University. Assurances have been
given by leading Harvard alumni
which leave little doubt of the success
of such an endeavor.
THE SAX FRAXC1SCO CALL, SUNDA>\ 'NOVEMBER 18. '. 1904.
WRITTEN FOR THE CALL BY f. P. DUNNE
FRIEND HENNESSY HEARS SOME SAGE REMARKS BY MR. DOOLEY ON MANKIND'S PURSUIT OF DESIRABLE RICHES
Copyright, 1904, by McClure. Phillips & Co.
//T'VE always looked on it
I as dishon'rable to wur
1 ruk f'r money. I wurruk
f'r exercise an I get
what th' lawyers call an hon
orayium be dilutin th' spirits.
Th' on'y way I iver expect to
make a cint is to have it left
to me be a rich relation, or to
stub me toe on a gambler's
roll or to stop, a runaway
horse f'r Pierpont Morgan.
An' th' horse mustn't be run
nin' too fast. He must be
jus' goin' to stop on'y Morgan
don't know it, havin' fainted.
Whin he comes to he finds
me modestly waitin' f'r him
to weep on me bosom."
EXPECTS TO GET RICH
STOPPING RUNAWAY
FOR J. P. MORGAN
he was twinty-vvan. He cashed in his good
health, a large stock iv fam'ly ties, th' affic
tion of his wife, th' comforts iv home, an'
nan frind afther another. Wanst in a while,
late in life, he'd thry to redeem a pledge, but
he niVer cud. They wasn't annything in th'
wurruld that McMullin wudden't change fr
th' roly-boly. He cashed in his vote, hi3
pathreetism, his rellijon. his rillitives, and'
fin'lly his hair. Ye heerd about him, didn't
ye? He's lost ivry hair on his head. They
ain't a spear iv vigitation left on him. He's
as arid as th' desert iv Sahara. His head
looks like an iceberg in th' moonlight. He
was in here th' other day. bewailin' his fate.
'It's a gr-reat misfortune,' says he. 'What
did ye get fr it?' says I. That's th'
throuble.' says he. 'Well, don't complain,'
says I. 'Think what ye save in barber's
bills,' I says, an' he wint away lookin* much
cheered up.
"No, Hinnissy, you an' I. me frind. was
not cut out be Provydence to be millyon
aires. If ye had nawthin' but money ye'd
have nawthin' but money. Ye can't ate it,
sleep it, dhrink it or carry it away with ye.
Ye've got a lot iv things that McMullin
hasn't got. Annybody that goes down to
Mose's won't see ye'er peace iv mind
hangin' in th' window as an unredeemed
pledge. An,' annyhow, if ye're really in
search iv a fortune, perhaps I cud help ye.
Wud a dollar an' a half be anny use to ye?"
"Life is full of disappointments," said Mr.
Hennessy.
"It is." said Mr. Dooley. "if ye feel that
way. It's thrue that a good manny have
thried it an' none have come back f'r a post
gradyate coorse. But still it ain't so bad
as a career f'r a young man. Ye niver get
what ye ordher, but it's pretty good if ye'er
appytite ain't keen an' ye care fr th*
scanery.'"
27A number of the members of Buena
Vista Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West who have good
voices wiir appear in an operetta at
Native Sons'. Hall on the nteht of
Thursday next. Members of this par
lor have on several occasions ap
peared favorably in minstrelsy, but
this is their first appearance in light
opera-. This will be for the benefit of
the parlor's fund for the relief of sick
members. , '
To Help Sick Members.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' ExchanRe, San Francisco ¦ Cal.,
November 12, 1004.
Time Ball.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (M^sslon-ntreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places. ¦ ,
"SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 13.
Sun rises ..6:49
Sun sets 5:0.)
Moon sets 10:42 p. in.
a ITime Time Time Time
» j Ft. , Ft. Ft. Ft.
• |HW L W H W L W
13 4:45 4.7 0:37 3.2 3:24 4.4|io7l4 O5
14 5:38 4.7 11:02 3.1 4:S5 4.0 11:00 0.9
15 6:27 4.5 12:17 2.9 5:47 .'1.0 11:58 1.2
16 7:00 5.0 1:15 2.5 7:00 3.SI
!L W H W L W H W
17 0:52 1.6 7:51 5 2 2:05 2.0 8:C5 3.8
j 18 I 1:36 1.7| 8:25 5.1 2:47 1.6J 8:59 4.0
i NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of jthe United States-
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
filed by the District Attorney in Judge
Lawlor's court ' yesterday. Wyman is
charged with falsely and fraudulently
representing himself as S. H. Mann at
the polling place, 2805 Bush street, in
the Thirty-ninth Assembly District,
during the primary election and reg
istering a vote under that name. He
was recently held by Police Judge Ca
baniss for trial. The case of Adolph
Steffens, another alleged stuffer at the
same polling place, was called in
Judge Lawlor's court and continued
for a week. The police made a return
on the bench warrant for Steffens' ar
rest that he could not be found.
To Panama— 150 bbls flour, 2334 gals wine
90 cs canned .goods. 50 cs salmon, 25 cs whls-
To Central America — 3SS7 bbis flour. 3372
ctls corn. 2118 gals 20 cs wine, 100 cs 50 gals
whisky, 70 pkgii beer. 12 cs mineral water
OOOo lbs malt. 04.700 lbs rice. 5370 lbs beans!
14&3 lbs h&m and bacon, 260 pkgs potatoes,
19 l kes onions. 35 bales hay, 630 Ibs bran, 6
cs liquors, V'i pkgs fresh fruits, tin . cs canned
goods, 41 cs table preparations. 6J2 lbs bread,
771 lbs 15 pkgs raisins, 4471 Ibs spices, 770
lbs 5 cs dried trult, 11 pkgs paste. S37 lbs tea.
420 lbs lard. 22 cs salmcn. 100.268 lbs tallow
1S00 lbs cement. 22.000 lbs Milestone, 20 bbls
cocoanut oil, 4320 ft lumber, 4032 lbs cyanide
SO reels barbed wire, 1100 lbs sulphur, 24 pkgs
dry coods. 4 cyls ammonia, 21 cs paints 9
pkgs electrical supplies, 232 cs coal oil, 4» pkgs
leather. 207 pes 16 bdls steel, 84 bdls iron, 46
colls rope, 9 pkgs nails, 171 pes 28 pkgs pipe
and flttlnxrs, 28 pkgs machinery, 79 cs 8 bbls
oils. 31 bdls snooks.
To Mexico — 10O flasks quicksilver. t>UU pkgs
machinery. 57.100 ft lumber, 33,224 lbs blue
stone. &550 lbs sulphur. 10 carboys acid, 2400
lbs soda, ii cs fuse, 25 pkgs electrical supplies.
14 Ilc_s nails, 20 cs oils, 54 boiler tubes, 108
pes steel, 46 pes iron, 2 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 044 lbs dried fruit. 16 cs canned coods,
&U pkgs potatoes, 21 pkgs fresh fruits, 30 pkga
paste, 23 cs bread* 431' lbs spices, 165 gals
wine, 6 cs' olives.
The steamer Acapulco sailed yesterday for
the Isthmua of Panama, and way ports with
a eeneral merchandise cargo, valued at $122,
'¦j'j-j. to be distributed as follows: For Mex
ico, $15,658; Central America, $56,625; Pan
ama, $34fcS; Ecuador, $2030; New York. |43,
0S7; Uarbadoes Island, $280; Jamaica, |1W);
Grenada, |J>7; Germany, f30t); England, $155.
The following were the principal exports:
The Acapulco r s Cargo.
Wyman Information Filed.
The information charging Charles
Wyman with ballot box stufHngr was
SnrOMoon and Tide.
VICTORIA, B. a., Nov. 11.— Br ship Mool
ton, which arrived from Acapulco, reports
Br ship Arrccan and three four-masted t>Uips
from Acarulco wind bound off Cape Flattery
for 10 days, waiting a chance to enter straits.
J'r ship Arracan is bound for British Columbia.
Memoranda.
\ Small Cargo for Tahiti.
The French schooner St. Michel was cleared
yesterday for I'ar*ete, Tahiti, with an as
sorted cargo, valued at ?17O5, and including
27,126 ft lumber. 135 bbls flour, 2500 lbs rice,
3u doors, 20 cs coal oil, 2 pkgs acid, 3 cs car
bide., Iwo It* bran, 420 lbs lard and 4 cs
canned goods.
•
Exports for Uic North.
The steamer City of Pu«bla sailed on Friday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
the principal British Columbian ports, .valued
at |ll,7<0, and including the following:
r. 11.114 ibs raisins, 13.5uo lbti dried fruit, S&S
gals wine. C26 pkfs Jresh fruits, 13.102 lbs
nuts, 35 pkgs fresh vegetables, 18o<> lbs meals,
1738 lbs beans, 3 cs honey, t>OSl> lbs malt. 23
pkfcs groceries and provisions, 3C& lbs coffee,
lot; pkgs luuste. a cs table preparations. 10 bbls
asshtlt. £*> pkee rooflne. as ca arms and am
munition, 2 pkss machinery. 25 roils leather.
9 bdl» stfeel, 12 cyls gas, 41 pkgs electrical
supplies.
iht- steamer alto carried 100 rolls leather,
valued at $4801, en route to Japan.
The French bark Marie Madeleine was
beared yesterday for Glasgow, Scotland, with
K>2,7uO ft redwood lumber, valued at $25,275.
Sl'.ipnins: Notes.
The bark Fea KinK, 1361 tons, haa been pur
chased by John Berneson for $7500.
The British ship* Loudon Hill and Mayfleld
will proceed to Sydney Heads for orders, and
the British ship Iqulque to Guam in ballast.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Rf*dirood for Scotland.
The big Morgan freighter Minnesota,
bound from the Atlantic to this coast,
has reached Coronel, Chile.
The steamer Siberia left Hongkong
yesterday.
John Connor went to sleep early yes
terday morning' on a high bootblack
stand at 137 East street. When he be
came somewhat sober he fell off the
chair and struck the sidewalk. He is
now at the Harbor Hospital with a con
cussion of the brain — possibly a fracture
of the skull.
LHtle Margarita Valentine of 108
Jackson street .was carried to the Har
bor Hospital yesterday afternoon in a
comatose condition. The child had
taken chloroform by mistake, and it
took considerable pumping out to re
lieve her stomach of the narcotic.
The Oceanic liner Alameda is due
next Tuesday from Honolulu.
•
NEWS OF T1IE OCEAN.
Secretary Metcalf of the Department
of Commerce and Labor and Admiral
Kempff yesterday inspected the steam
er Melville Dollar and found the vessel
in excellent condition.
Water Front Notes,
DENVER. Nov. 12. — Leaders of or
ganized labor are planning: for a spe
cial day of thanksgiving to celebrate
the defeat of Governor James H. Pea
body. It is proposed to hold services
in a larpe hall and a number of
churches.
To CrlebraU* Pea body's Defeat.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
___^^_^^_ _^ — — ¦'
Aztec Kobe N ! ov - , l ~
Ban Pedro Humboldt Nov. J-»
Norwood Grays Harbor INov. 1J
Corona Humboldt INov. 13
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor INov. 13
Redondo Portland & Astoria.". .. INov. 13
Arctic Humboldt Nov. 13
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 13
J. Higgins. . . I San Pedro Nov. 14
Wyefleld ! Oyster Harbor |Nov. 14
S.Barbara..' San Pedro |Nov. H
State of Cal.. San Diego &. Way Pts.iNov. 14
Montara Seattle (Nov. 15
Porno Point Arena & Albion. INov. IS
Alameda Honolulu [Nov. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... iNov. 13
Coos Bay San Pedro * Way Pts.iNov. 10
Aurella Portland & Astoria. ... INov. 16
Pomona Humboldt INov. 10
Tltanla Oyster Harbor INov. 17
Del Not te Crescent City INov. 17
Centralia San Pedro 'Nov. 17
Eureka Humboldt (Nov. 17
Mariposa Tahiti : iNov. IT
Queen Puget Sduni Ports. ... INov. 17
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Nov. 17
Santa Rosa.. San Dlpgo & Way Pts. Nov. 17
Argo Kel River Ports Nov. 17
Breakwater. . Coos Bay Nov. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Nov. 17
Coronado Grays Harbor [Nov. 17
Peru New York via Ancon..jNov. 18
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma 'Nov. 19
G. Lindauer..! Grays Harbor INov. 20
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. (Nov. 20
Eaxonla Hamburg & Way Pta. fNov. 2i)
Menes Hamburg & Way Pts.iNov. 20
North Fork.. Humbolrtt | Nov. 20
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria. ... IXov. 20
Sfqui?la Wlllapa Harbor [Nov. 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. INov. i'l
¦ City Pucbla. . Puget Hound Ports 'Nov. 22
Rainier Seattle & Everett INov. 22
San Juan.... New York via Ancon..jNov. 23
A'Jrarce Portland & Way Ports.|Nov. 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
November 13. 1 j
Elizabeth.. Coquille River ! 5 pmlPier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor j 4 pmiPier 10
Kan Pedro.. I-os Ancfles Ports.! 2 pm|Pier 2
Norwood... Los Angeles Port*.! 4 pmlPlfr 2,
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 1 10 am Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandjll amiPter 2t
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.| 9 am'Pier 11
November 14. I i
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor j 4 pmjPier 2
Chlco Coquille River ....| 0 pm'Pler 2
Eureka Humboldt (12 ml Pier 13
November 15. | |
M. Dollar.. Grayc Harbor ! 4 pm'Pier 20
N. Fork Humboldt 0 am|Pl»-r 20
Corona Humboldt l:30p;Pier 9
Bonita Newport & Way.. 0 am'Pier 11
Manchuria. China & Japan 1 pmiPier 40
Callfomlan. New York direct I Pier 25
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 11 am|Pier 10
November 10.
Arctic Humboldt 9 am, Pier 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 0 am'Pier 11
November 17. I
Redondo... Astoria' & Portland 1 pmlPier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 10
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmiPier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am'Pier 11
November 18. j
Pomona Humboldt l:30p|Pler 9
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amiPIer 24
November 19. j |
Arcata Coos B & Pt. OrfdjlO am'Pler 13
Breakwater' Coos Bay direct... 5 pm^Pier S
Argo Bel River Ports.. * 4 pm'Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena I 4 pmiPier 2
Coos Bay... Pan Pedro & Way.) 9 am!P:er 11
Alameda... Honolulu ill ami Pier 7
Cy. Panama N. T. via Ancon..|12 rn^Pier 10
Aurella Astoria & Portland! 5 pm'Pier 27
| November 21. j |
8. Monica.. Grays Harbor | 4 pm|Pier 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 22. - |
Coronado Grays Harbor 4 pm'Pler 10
November 24. I j
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pm!Pier 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Santa Ana — Seldovia & Way Ports.lNov. 10
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports.lNov. 1(1 |
Jefferson Kkagway & Way Ports.lNov. 18
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. (Nov. 10 :
Movements of Steamers.
BANDOX- Sailed Nov 11— Schr Ruby, for
San Pedro, and not as previously reported.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 12, 0 a m—
Stmr Honita. for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Bee. for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 12 — Stmr Francis H. Leggett,
from San Pedro; stmr Charles Nelson, hence
>Tov in.
TATOOSH— Parsed In Nov 12— U S stmr
Columbine; brig VV. G. Irwln, hence Nov 3,
for Rocl-e Hi.rbor.
SEATTLE — Arrived, Nov 11 — Stmr Corwln,
from Nome; stmr Dolphin, from Skagway.
PORT TOWNSKND— Sailed Nov 11— Br ehip
Agnes Oswald for Melbovrne.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Nov 11— Schrs Jewi«
Minor and Alpha, from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Sig
nal, l.?r.cc Nov 4.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 12 — Schr
C. S. Holmes, from San Diego.
POINT LOBOS- Passed Nov 12, 11 a m —
Stmr Mandalay, from Crescent City, for San
Die~o.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 12— Schr Oakland,
hence Nov 10; schr Antelope, hence Nov 5.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 12— Fr ship Jules
Gommes, from Hull.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 11— Span «tmr
Ida de Panay, from Manila.
CORONEL — Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Minne
sota, from Norfolk, for San Francisco.
HONOKONG— Airlvcd about Oct 25— Br stmr
Yang Ttzc, from Ixmdon, for Vancouver.
Arrived rrlor Nov 12 — Br stmr Indravelll,
from New York.
Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Siberia, for San Frwi-,
cifco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Peru, for
San Francleco.
MOJI— Sailed Nov 12— Br stmr M. S. Dollar,
for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior Nov 12— Br stmr
Shiir.cea. lrom New Ycrk.
PORT SAID— Arrived Nov 12— Span «tmr
C. Lopez from Llvernool.
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Oct 23— Ger stmr
Ramses, for Hamburg; Ger stmr Totmes, for
Harr.burr.
-VICTORIA— Sailed Nov 11— Br stmr Mlo
wera, for Sydney; etmr Humboldt, for Skag
way.
Arrived Nov 11 — Br ship Moolton, from Aca
rulco, and proceeded for Royal Roads, via
Taco:r:a. /
: OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Phila
delphia, from New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS
Friday, November 11.
Stmr Xavarro, Jacobs, .
titmr Cclia, Smith. Albion.
Saturday, November 12.
Stmr Acapulco, Rursoll, Panama, etc.
Stmr Arrata, Margf-nn, Coos Bay.
Strr.r Pomona; Swan?on, Eureka.
Stmr South Bay, Andresen, Eureka,
Ur shlr> Mayneld. Rcberts, Sydney,
irchr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bollnos.
Br ship Kensington. Borland, Queenatown.
SAILED
. Saturday. November 12.
Br ship Acamas, Nelson, Eureka; J. A.
Brower.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; P C 8 S Co.
Stmr Nevadan, Green, Honolulu and Kahu
lui; Williams, Dlmond & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Actorla; San Fran
cisco and Portland S 8 Co.
Strnr Asuncion, Brldsett, Astoria; P C OH
Co.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, A neon, etc.; P M
s a co.
Fr schr St. Michel, Herve, Papeete; F.
Henry.
Fr bark Marie Madeleine, Polles, Glasgow;
J. J. Mcore & Co.
Ger stmr Ammon. Jurgensen, Hamburg; J.
D. t-Drec!:els & nroni Co. . - .
CLEARED
Saturday, November 12.
Br stmr Wellington, Cutler, 83 hours from
Ladysmith.
rttmr Shasta. Hansen, 33 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr South Bay, Anderson, S8 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Alcatraz, Olsen, 46 hours from San
Weco.-
Stmr Umatilla Nopander, Cl hours from
Victoria.
i-tmr South Coast, Ol»en. 18 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr George Loomls, Badger, 86 hours from
Seattle.
ARRIVED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
t. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In chaise.
APPLETON. Wis., Nov. 12. — Two
little sons of Mrs. William Krausch of
Center tried to cut their baby sister's
head off after seeing their mother cut
the heads off several chickens. The
iittle fellows laid the baby's head on
a block and the elder boy lifted an
ax and struck at the baby's neck. The
blow went wide of the mark and as
he raised the as to strike a second
time h<» wa? stopped by a farmer who
happened to drive by and saw what
the children were doing 1 .
Timely Arrival of Farmer Prevents
Awful Deed by Two Little
Bojs.
k7. 1008 bxs eoap, 3 colls rope, 6 pkgs nails,
6630 ft lumber, 4 pkps paints.
To Ecuador — 1255 lbs hops, 750 gals wine.
10 bdls brooms.
To New York— 79,534 gals wine. 3»X),208 lbs
pJi lead, 17,4M> lbs dry hide*. 6853 lbs glue.
1136 Jbs dross, 75\bales junk.
To Harbadoes Island— 100 cs canned salmon.
To Jamaica — -15 cs canned salmon.
To Grenada — 14 cs canned goods and 30 gals
whisky.
To London — 3 cs vanilla beans.
WOULD CUT BABY'S HEAD OFF
LIKE MOTHiat DID CHICKENS'
LONG OVERDUE FRENCH BARK MARGUERITA DOLLFUS, WHICH CAME !
INTO PORT YESTERDAY MORNING. SEVENTY-ONE DAYS FROM NEW
CASTLE, AUSTRALIA. SHE REPORTS HAVING ENCOUNTERED UNFA
VORABLE WEATHER DURING ALL THE VOYAGE. I
-•
The Crowded Mail Dock.
The Manchuria followed by the
Coptic, coming from the Orient, and
mooring at the Pacific Mail Dock has
crowded those wharves with bales and
boxes of merchandise. They are hur
rying to unload the big Manchuria,
get her into the drydock and back
to the wharf where she can load and
leave for Asia next Tuesday. The
Pacific Mail steamship Peru is due
Wednesday from Panama and the
Coptic sails for the Orient Novem
ber 26.
The coast steamer F. A. Kilburn is
tied up at Port Rogers on account
of troubles between the owners of
the vessel and the Marine Engineers'
Union. A week ago three engineers
of the vessel struck, the result of
a misunderstanding with Captain
Thompson of the Kilburn. They filed
charges of mistreatment with Russell
Sc Rogers, the agents of the vessel.
The engineers agreed to work the
steamer back to San Francisco, but
refused lo zo to sea with -Captain
Thompson, and the Engineers' Union
upheld them in this decision. A rep
resentative of the vessel's owners an
nounced yesterday that new engineers
would take charge of the machinery
of the Kilburn. but it was not decided
whether Thompson would sail in com
mand of the steamer or not.
Steamer Kilbcrn Tied Up.
In the list of overdue vessels the Nor
wegian barkKinn, 109 days from Buenos
Ayres to Falmouth, England, is causing
considerable anxiety. The reinsurance
on the vessel has increased from 25 to
40 per cent in one day.
The British ship Troop is ninety-five
days from Manila, bound for St. Helena,
She was last spoken 500 miles from
Hongkong in distress. The vessel is
probably lost.
The Italian ship Shenir is 160 days
from New York for Brisbane and
stands at 5 per cent reinsurance.
The German ship Sirene is 166 days
from Liverpool for Valparaiso, and bo
sure are speculators that she is lost
that her reinsurance has reached 95 per
cent.
Fleet of Overdoes.
The doctor admits that his theory is
apt to be received with incredulity and
amusement, but he asserts that it is
ttrens^hened by the fact that the color
senj"? of the human race was many
thousands of years in reaching its
present stage of development.
"The rays emanating from a very
passionate man have a deep red hue;
one whose keynote in life is to be good
and do good throws off pink rays; the
ambitious man emits orange rays; the
deep thinker, detp blue; the lover of art
and refined surroundings, yellow; an
anxious, depressed person, gray.
"One who leads a low, debased life
throws off muddy brown rays; a de
votional, good-meaning person, light
blue: a progressive-minded one, light
green, and a physically or mentally ill
one, dark green."
LONDON, Nov. 12.— Experiments
numbering over COO. conducted over a
term ci three years, have formed the
subject matter for a communication
from a physician to a well-known med
ical Journal, to the effect that the rays
emitted from the human body differ
in color according to the character and
temperament of the person. The fol
lcwlng particulars are given by the
writer:
I Attorney M. C. Hassett, special pros
ecutor, asked leave to make a state
: ment. He said the complaint had been
sworn to and the defendant arrested on
August 12. The offense was alleged to
have been committed on September 21,
1901, so that the three years' limitation
would not have expired till September
21, 1904. Police Judge Conlan did not
hold the defendant to answer till Octo
ber 12, twenty-one days after the time
had expired. Hassett pointed out that
there were thirty-nine days for the
holding of the preliminary examination
and for the filing of the information,
and If ordinary expedition had been ex
ercised that was ample time. He
thought the matter should be investi
gated.
The Judge said he could not make an.
investigation, but as the Grand Jury
was an appendage of the court it would
be proper for that body to investigate
any alleged' dereliction of duty by any
public official. If the due administra
tion of justice had been interfered
with it would be proper to call the at
tention of the Grand Jury to the facts.
Dr. Brennan was first arrested in
February last on the charge of embez
zling over $36,000 from Rev. Father P.
J. Grey, and was held to answer in
June by Police Judge Fritz. A few
.days later he was released by Judge
Cook on a writ of habeas corpus on the
ground that the charge, if any, should
have been grand larceny. It was not
till August 12 that the complaint charg
ing him with grand larceny was sworn
to before Judge Conlan, and he was
held to answer on October 12. In the
embezzlement complaint the crime was
alleged to have been committed in De
cember, 1903, but in the grand larceny
complaint the time was changed to
September 21, 1901, and when the case
was called in Judge Lawlor's court the
demurrer was interposed.
An application for a writ of habeas
corpus is also pending before Judge
Cook, but it will now be withdrawn.
Dr. Thomas F. Brennan, after a long
and stubborn fight in the criminal courts,
is a free man through somebody's blun
der. Yesterday Judge Lawlor sustained
the demurrer to the Information charg
ing Brennan with grand larceny, and
dismissed the case. The Judge held
that the statute of limitations was a
bar [ to any further proceedings. The
point was raised that the information
was not filed within three years after
the date of the offense.
Statute of Limitations Ap
plies and Grand Jury May
Be Asked to Investigate
Red Shafts of Light Mean
Man of Passion; Those of
Orange. One With Ambition
CHARACTER REVEALED
SOMEBODY IS AT FAULT
Remarkable Besults Are Ob
tained by Scientists and
Made Public by Physician
Judge Lawlor Sustains the
Demurrer to Information
on Grand Larceny Charge
One of the long overdue vessels, the
French bark Marguerita Dollfus. came
into port yesterday. She Is seventy-one
days from Newcastle, N. S. "W., and
her voyage was one of unfavorable
winds and calms up the Pacific Ocean to
this harbor. She brings 2560 tons of
coal consigned to J. & A. Brown.
The British ship Ardencraig left
Newcastle ten days before the Mar
guerita Dollfus, and though she sailed
in identically the same track as the
latter vessel she has not arrived; nor
lias she been spoken since leaving the
other side. The Chilean bark Andro
meda left Newcastle with the French
bark, but she is still out, and though
the two vessels carry the same amount
of canvas and sailed on the same
course they drew apart, and there is no
telling when the Andromeda will ap
pear. The French bark Rene sailed six
days after the Frenchman and Chilean,
but the date of her arrival cannot even
be forecasted.
TEMPERAMENT
SHOWN BY RAYS
LONG OVERDUE COAL BARK
ARRIVES FROM NEWCASTLE
BRENNAN GETS
HIS FREEDOM
....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
28
RAILWAY TRAVEIj.
jSTS^fF**^. T**ln» l«tT* tad »r« dn«
f O £~=^Y*i8AN FRANCISCO.
\* \' "fc^t ' /«! / F»om OcToaxa 2S. 1904.
V^-^^^j^/ Fzsrr Drror
\jS (Toot of Market Street.)
!•»"« - MAIN LINE. - awitV
7 -00a V»c»tIIIc. Winier*. Cunwy 7 50i»
7. Ofl a Benlcla, Klmlraaod Sncrsmento.. 7.23^
i 7 30a Vallejo. X»ps, Caltstoica. Ssnta
Kosa. Msrtlnez. S.iu Uvmon 6 23»
7.30a Nlles. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.... 720f»
8 00a Sai«t* ExpreM— (Via Davis).
Wlillamt, Willows, tKruto. Ked
1 Bluff. Portland. Taeoma, Se»ttl« 7 53"
8 00a Davis. Woodland. Knlghcs Landing
MarytTlIle. Orovlile 7-50*
8 30a Martinez. Antloco. Byroa. Tracy.
Stocktoa. Xiwinia, Los Banos.
MenUota. Annual, Hanford.
; YltMlU. PortMTille 4.2t>
8-30A Port Con ta. MndMto. Merced.
' Fresno. Ooaben J auction, lisa*
ford. VI sal in. IUlceradeld 450^
8 30 a Nile*. San Joio. Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMtl ton >. iune. Sacramfnta,
I MarysTllle. Chico. Ked Bluff 42Q»
8-30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
i nor*. Tm-iiimne »nd Angels 4Z X*
: 8 00a Atlantic Express— Osden*nd Bust. 5.20*
9 -30A Bicamond. Martincs and Way
Stations B.60»
1000a The Overland Limited — «»jr«1en.
1 Omaha. Ca!cn8O,l*cnver, Kansas
1 CUT. St. Louis ',5-25'
10.00a V«llejo_.^ 12-20*
10.00a Lo» An(t«lea Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kavmond. Fresno. Goahen Junc-
! tion. Haoford. Lemoore. Vlsalls.
» Balcersneld. 3.os Anseies 7.?0»
12.00m Haywanl. Nlles and Way Stations. 3. 20»
11.00PS«eraniento River Steamer* ni.QO*
340PBenlcla. Winter*. Sacramento..
I Woodland. Katfrhii Landlnc
Marysvllle. Orovllla and way
stations '"SSS*
» K.30P Hayward. Nile* aad Way Stations.. 7 5C»
3 30 p Port Costa. Msrtloez. Byron.Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Pafc Costa 12-2O
> 4.0CP Martinez.San ltamon.ValleJo.Napa,
Calistoga. Santa Rosa 9 ZOA
400p Niles. Tracy. Stockiou :.. 10.20a
. 430P Hayward. Ntles. Irvlaktoa, Saa » ta.50*
Jose. Llvermor* 1 £11. 50a
i 6 OOP The Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banon. Menduta. Fresno. Tu!ar«,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8.50*
tB 30p Haywanl. Mie* and ban Josa 7 20 a
i 6.00P Hayward. Klles and San Jose 9 50a
I 6X0 P Eastern Express — Omaha, Chtcsiro.
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louts,
. Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
CoJfaz. Keno, bp*rk», Montelio.
: Ozden 12.50*
S.OOp Vallejo. dally, fxcept sJunday.... I 7 .»_
i 70Cp Vallejo. SuuUaj only f /oaw
70Cp r.li'hmond, 8an Pablo. Port Costa*
Martinez and Way Stations 11.23a
7X0p Ceno PasseDKei* — Port Costa. Be-
nlcla. Sutsun. Elmlra. Dizon.
Davis. Sacramento, Sparks. Tono>
pah, Keelrr and Way Stations... 7 53a
8 06p Oreg-on A California Express— 8ae-
i ramenio, Maryivllle. Reddlac
Portland. Paeet Sound and Bast. 8-SQa
8.10P Hsyward. Ntlea andSas Joie(Stxa-
day only) 11-604
COAST LINE (Msrron fisng.).
(Foot of Maricet Street.)
8.15A Newark. Centervllle. Saa Jose,
Felton, Houlder Creek, Santa
Cryz and Way Stations 6 53»
t2.15p Newark. Centervllle. Saa Joss.
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton.
Bouldur Creek. Santa Crus aad
Principal Way Stations +1355*
1 4.18P Newark, Ssa Joie, Los Gstos... j : {§^|j
a9 3Cf» Banters' Train (Saturday enlj>—
San Jose and Way Stations i7-2S»
COAST LINE (Urosrf «aB««).
tar* (third ami Townaead Streets.)
6 10a San Jose and W»r Si»t!ont.. ....... 9 SO"
7 00a San Jose and Way Stations B40p
8 00a New Almaden (Tnci., Frld.. only). 4-10»
800a The Coaster— San Jose. Sallnaa.
San Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa
Margarita, Saa Lais Oh'tpa,
* Gua«la!up<«, Gaviota, Santa Bsr-
bars. 8an Buenaventura, Mon-
talvo. Oxnard, Barbsnk. Los
Angeles 10-S9*>
8 00a Gtiroy. Hal!lster. Castrovillc, Del
Mo~\te, Pacific Grove, Sort. Lonv
poc 1030*
9.00a 8an Joae. Tres Pinos.Watronvllle.
Capltola. baata Cru, Facifle
(irove. Salinas. San Luta Obispo
and Principal Way Buttons. ... 410*
10-30a Ssn Jose and way Stations 1.20p
11 3Ca San Jose and Way Stations 7iQa
2- IBp 6an Jose and Way Stations 8-38*
S.CCPDel Monte Kxpress— -Santa Clsra.
, ytn Jo*e. Watsonvllle. Santa
fV'ruz. ivi Monte. Monterey.
l"»clilc GroTe 12-15*
1S-00P Los Oatos. Wrleht. Boalder Creek.
Sacta Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge +10 45a
B-30P Valrncia St., South San Frascisco,
BurllDjcame, San Jose, GH107,
Hollister. Tres Plnos 10.45a
4 30" ?an Jose and Way Stations tI 00*
tS-OOP Santa Clara, Saa Joae. Los Gatoa,
and principal Way atatloas (ex-
cept Sunday) t9 00*
tB.ZOp baaJoseandPrinctpalWayStaUona S3. 40*
6 48p Saoset Express. — liedwood. 8aa
Jose,Gi:roy.Sallnas,Paso Koblea,
Baa Luta obispo, Santa Barbara,
Lo* Ang-eles. Pernlng. K! Pasa
St.Loui^, New Orlf son, XewTork 9 10*
64Sp Psjtro, Wstsionvllle. CapltoU.
baota Cruz. Castrovllle, Del
Monte. Paciflc Grove 10.30*
16-15p *au Mateo, Beresfortt.Uclmont.S3a
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8-43*
6 30p San Jose and Way Sutiona. 6-39a
8.00pPalo Alto and Way Stations. ...... 10.15*
11.30P South San Francisco. U '.librae, Bur-
Mngame. 8an Mateo. 3elmont,
tan Carlos. Kedwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto tfl4S*
«1130p Mayfleld, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. 8anta Clara and
Ban Jose t9.45»
A for Morning. P for After a ooa.
t Sunday excepied. t Sunday onir
«. Saturday only. b Monday only.
(Stup* at ail stations oa Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market Street.
SAW FSJaNCXSCO TO SA3T BA7ASL.
WEEK DAYS— 1:30, 9:0O. ll:0O a. m ; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10 «J:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extrm trla
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:3O. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30 330.
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAU BArAEL TO SAW FSA2TCZSCO.
WEEK DATS— d:05. 7:35. 7:50 0 20 XI la
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. '
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and ti:53 o ra.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. 9:4t>. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40 iio!
4:05. 5:05. 6:85 p. m. '
Leave I In Effect j Arrlv*
San Fran. 1 Oct. 2. 1304. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I D»»tina- I Sun- j XV***.
Days. I days. I tlon. | day a. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a! S-40«
9:30 a • Irnaclo. 10:40 a 10-20 a
3:30p 3:30 p 8:05 p 6:20o
5:10 p S.OOp 7:33 p|
7:30a 9:10a 3:4O»
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 «
8:30 p !):.10a Petaluma 6:05 p 620 d
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rota.
7:30 a 10:4O ajl0:2O»
8:00a Fulton. 7:33p 6:20s
8:30 p 3:30 p / P
- I Windsor.
T:30a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:10 a 10:20 ¦
Lytton.
8:30 p 8:30 p Geyservllie. 7:33 p 6:20 a
- Cloverdale.
7:30a| 8:0O al Hopland 110:40 a|lO:2O «
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:3Spr6;5Q*
j j Wllllts and j j
7:30a|a:00a| Sherwood. \ T:33 p( «:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a X0-.20 »
8:30 p| 8:33 pi CuemsTlUt. (7:33p 8:20 p
j 7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 a! S40*
5:10p|5:00p| Glen Ellen. |6:05p|6;2O*
7:3Oa| «:0Oa| V 110:40 a!lO-«>o1
3:30pl3:30p| Sebaatopot. [7:35^6:20^
: STAGES connect at Green Brae for iaa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White SulnauJ
Bprlngs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton T f o»
Lytton Eprlnsi; at G^yser-trUi* for Ekarlrs)
Springs: at Cloverdals for the Geysers. Booni!
villa and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carfc
bad Sprln«Ts; Soda Bay. Lakeport. BarUett
Springs and Lak. County Hot Spring*- 11
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoxa SDrin«!
Blue Lake«. Laurel Dell Lak... Witt* * SprtSS
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Da£I"
Riverside, Lierly's. BuckneU's. Sanh«<?r£
Heights. Hullville. Orr-s Hot Sprtr.rs. H«lr»«
House. Ccmptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno ritV
Fort Bngg. Westport and Usal: at WilUts tar
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwo^
for Canto. Covelo. Laytonvtu*. Cummln«
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. FrrmrTS*
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlckata at m-
buTidS. Ofnde * Market Btreet - <**>*<*•
JAS."U FRAZIER. R. X RTAJ*.
Ggn - Manaiy. G«n. Pasa. Agt.
Mt. TamalpaisRai lway
LrSaa?^:,^ ""^ArTta ftSSS"-
1:«»p 1:45p \£383' 6:2Jp e"i^
JatBTdj;. 4:35, 'jUtudayt lias,.'
TiaCraTitrCir V Ht%m»lpaistoKiflTaa^
UTIOB i lARltKT St.,( North Shore Ra.lroadJ
MTICB iandSAUSAUToygaaY. Foot Market Sc
WeeMy Gail $1.00 lerYsar
ADVERTISEMENTS.
na. o-. c. josleit.
Tlie Leading Specialist.
B B There are any number of
ft m people who have Varleocele
|fl — people who are unaware
yM cf the fact. A swollen vein
wa In any part of the body is
a:i almost certain sign of
varicocele. And what is
that? It is the disease that
e slips, snore surely than any-
thinjr else, thr- vital force's.
\)o you see the weak — the
emaciated man? If you do
you may be certain that he
suffers from this dreaded
trouble In some form. It
appears in the scrotum.
r _ When it appears there
V^ immediate danger faces
y. you. b^t swollen \eins
anywhere are alwavs a very
n distinct sifrn of WASTE.
I Your system is like a bank
account. You can draw on
¦ it at all times, but when it
is is exhausted, what can you
a do"! The man who is nnan-
2 daily |x»or may, by hard
¦ work, regain some share of
B the world's poods, but the
¦ man who is broken In
health throuph waste has a
hard battle in front of him.
GIf you see any sipn of the
trouble why not "take the
bull by the horns"? Why
not say. "It is not too late"?
Would not that be wisdom?
Thi:.k it over for a minute
or two. I cure Varicocele
by my own methods. I do it
|Mk in a week without the use
kg of a knife. It cannot be
M | cured by any system of
II H home treatment, but I say —
BJ end I stake my professional
reputation on the statement
—that I CA3T A3TD Z DO
Ccure Varicocele permanently
and promptly. My methods
are the result of CARER7,
AXD CONSCIENTIOUS IN-
VESTIGATION'. I use no
methods that have not been
PROVEN. I never guess; I
never experiment. I take no
ecase where I have the faint-
est doubt about my success.
If your case cannot be cured,
you may be certain that I
will not undertake it.
I CUKE MT PATIENTS.
S In addition to Varicocele,
§ I also treat with unvarying
¦ success Spermatorrhoea,
¦ Diseases cf tiit Prostate
i Gland. Unnatural Losses,
t- Stricture. Contagious Blood
* Poison and All Diseases
Ccmaea to IKea. MLJH
e Consultation, advice, in-
teresting pamphlet, "Live
All Your Life a Man." and
colored chart of organs, all
free.
DR. 0. cTjOSLEN
Corner Market and Kearny sts.
Private entrance. 702 Market st. '
Hours — Week day* 0 a. m. to 6:30 p.m.
Sundays 10 to 1.
AJD\' KKT1SKMKXTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
North British and
Mercantile
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D., 19CC, and for the
I year .ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commlestoner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
, - CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
j up in Cash $3,4r>7.500 00
| ASSETS. ~ —
; Real Estate owned by Company.. $3,135,327 08
Loann on Bonds and Mortgages. 193.09S 40
, Caoh Mark«t Value of all Stocks
I and Bonds owned by Company.. 14.7S2.303 10
Cash in Company's Office 24,632 64
Cash In Banks 713,093 23
Interest due and accrued on all
I Stocks and Loans 75.173 40
Premiums In due course of Col-
lection 357.6S3 74
; Kills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 27,815 45
Due from other Companies for
Reinmirance on looses already
paid 380,775 10
Agents' Balances 1,562,439 65
Due from ether Cnmoanles for
| Reinsurance on losses already
¦ paid. Life Department 22.16S 45
:
Total Assets $21,274,510 24
LIABILITIES. ~~~ ~
| Losnes adjusted and unpaid...."
Lossec in process of adjust-
ment or in suspense $1,163,800 42
Losses rrnlsted, Including ex-
I penses J
! Gro»s premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less.
$7,253,831 33; reinsurance 50 per
cent 3,626.91567
i Amount reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual policies 13.815 44
Superannuation fund 4S2.702 23
l)ue to other companies for re-
insurance 760,00145
All other Liabilities 144.729 10
Total Liabilities $6,192.003 33
; INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for
Fire Premiums $0,201,032 35
Received for Interest and Divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources 675,599 78
Received for Transfer fees _ 653 62
Total Income $9,777,2S7 75
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
, (Including losses of previous
years) $4,786,234 55
Dividends to Stockholders 952,223 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage , 1.590.2S7 16
Paid for. Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 1,479 77S 30
Paid for State. National and
Local Taxes 17 71160
All other payments and expend-
itures 12.463 8S
Total Expenditures $S.83S.69S 40
Losses Incurred during the year* $4,CS6,343 e 25
Risks and Premiums! Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year ..$3,476,162,530 $0,101.002 85
Net amcunt of risks
expired during the
year 3.335.420.815 9,287,483 10
Net amount in force
December 31. 1003 3,071.811.845 7.253.S31 33
W. T. PRICE. Manager,
ROBERT CARMICHAEL. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 12th
day of Api 11. 1004.
JOHN C. NEWTON. Notary Public
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
TOM C. 6RANT, GeneraUgent,
212 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Apy^TTSE3jUEXTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
London Gnarantee and Accident Company
(LIMITED.)
OF LONDON, IN ENGLAND. ON THD
31st day of December, A. D. 19C3. and for
the y*ar ending en that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of> sections
CIO ar.d 011 of the Political Code, condensed
as ter blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $1,148,542 78
Cish In Company's Office 1,730 92
Cash in Banks 123,700 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 13.1S4 81
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 193.743 84
Total assets 51.473.9C2 33
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense $16,963 36
Losses resisted, including expenses 12,375 00
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $803,190 54; re-
insurance 50 per cent... ! 4 49,599 77
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $18,01S 14;
reinsurance pro rata 14,931 72
Special reservo for unpaid losses.. 355,950 00
Commissions and brokerage due
and to become due 52.001 71
Contingent Reserve (Liability De-
partment) 100,000 00
All other Liabilities 27,784 54
Total llabiliti-es $1,023,006 10
INCOME.
Net rash actually received for
premiums $1,194,981 94
KKtclvrd for interest an4 dividends
or. Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 38,370 25
Total Income S1.233.S62 19
EXPENDITURES. -
Net amount paid for Losses $ 473.421 44
Remitted to Home Office 46.507 13
Paid or allowed for Commission
•it Brokerage 322,406 55
Paid tor Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, rlerks. etc.. 55,933 12
Paid for'State, National and Local
Taxes 17.31S 75
\11 other payments and expendi-
tures -V 201.144 07
Total expenditures $1,116.767 11
A W. MASTERS. United States Managvr.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of January, 1D04.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
ACCIDENT AND LIABILITY LINES.
EDW. C. LANDIS,
General Agent.
416-41S California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
<Tffl?^tCTl£h^S3 C«e Big O for unnatnrai
ifwriii' Jn 1 u 6 «»jiX5d diochmrgeB, inflammation*.
AsSSy Giortntted "£| irritation* or ulcrrations
Stt j ;oi to itrloure. of mucocu ni'mbranss.
5*~"" [ Pr»»e»u CootMi.*. Palniets. and not aitrla*
Ks? LTHEETmCHEMIMtCO. gent or poi*onoue.
V<-«S^ CIMiXNATI.O.fZjTa Sold by Druzartst*
Vffi«, uB.i. or " nt in P 1 * 1^ wrapper.
jJ%«V«5Skw_ —*4S%r\ °T express, prepaid, fo*
TgqamgflOfgrfj ti.oo. or s bittlw ta.Tft.
i »¦ Circular sect ca naaMt
I
1 OC^AN TKAVKL.
I ,^<*-""5I"*n^ Steamers leave Broadway
' /£vOS-£S«\. wharves (piers 9 and 11).
I /Wf' San Francisco:
ICy Tvty*^A \"*\ For Ketchlkan. Wransel.
II Vtv'Ok I I Juneau. Treadwells. Hatne*.
I I \awffii I Skagway. etc., Alaska— 11
\A \\ Ytfl "• m ' Nov - *• •• U - la - 2X -
¦ V^SsV S**/ 26, Dee. 1. Change to this
\Ka5Er»Jvfx company's steamers at Seat>
t i c-
For v ictoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. South Bellingham.
Bellincham— 11 a. m.. Nor. 1. 6. 11. 1«. 21.
26. Dec. 1. Charge at Seattle to this com-
I pacy's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at
I Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eurtka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 6. 12. 18, 24. 30. Dec 6. Corona.
1:30 p. rn.. Nov. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles Mia Pert Los Angeles aatl
Redondo). Ean Dleco and Santa Barbara —
Ssnta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Mate of California. Thursdays. 9 a. rtv.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneroe.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Nov. 7, 15. 23. Dec. 1.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 3. 11. 19. 27, Dee. 5.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
talta. Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to chang* nt^amers or sailing dates.
TICKET OmCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery at. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market flt.,and Broad-
way wharves. Freig-ht Offlca 10 Market st.
C". D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 gutter St.. will
call for and check bairsaRe from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov.19, 11 A.M.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 25. 11 A.M.
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Ancle- I
laiid and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 1, 2 P. M.
J.P.SPBECIELS & BEOS. CO., A2t».,TiCi8t 03C36U Ik*
til Fnlz»t Odes 327 Kartet si, Pfcr 7, Pactlb \i
C0HPAG3I2 GENERALS TRAN3ATi.i s (r;j j;
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ,.«>.
S&illnz every Thursday Instead of *^_f£yi
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier -2S«i-
42, North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $7w and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & Co.. Paclflc Coast
Acents. 5 Monteomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For U. S. Navy Tard and Vallelo.
Strs. General Krisbie. Monticello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m., S:30p.
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30 p.m., 6 p.m., 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo, 7
a.m.. 9 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun.
days. 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission st. ; phone Main 150S. HATCH BROS
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
W CALIFORNIA fi
¦ LIIVilTED TO CH1C\^ol
B LEAVES MONDAYS end TRURSD.TS M \
Sat O:.1O a. m., through ta 3 flays. S3
H "With diner and all trapping's. LI \
[--,'.'¦/¦' Other Santa Pe Trains:
o : ?n *' m " I For Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8-00 t. Si] Merced. Hanford and Viaalla,
4 :00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
j^^^^p ROSS VALLEY, '
ltf iU ttlfllBWSMHWM MILL VALLEY,
I^^M^^ CAZADERO, Etc
!&f(ifeSffl&«gSffi Via Satualito Perry
SUBURBAN. SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Lepurt lrom San Francisco, dally, at r7:o5.
7:45, 8:25. U-.10. 9:50. ll:tx> a. m. ; 1:45, 3:13
4:35, &:15, 6:50; «:30. 7:15. 9:uo and ll;Oi '
p. m. .'¦• x . 1 1
Arriv* at San Francisco, dally, at f«:4c> i
7:35. 8:15. 8:50, 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 1:30, 2:0i 1 ¦
4:25. 6:05, 5:42. 6:22. e:57, 7:40 and 11-13 ; '
p. m. '
fDaily exceDt Sunday. j ¦
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a.m.; also S*t- 1
nrdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur- •
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. ;
THROUGH TRAINS. ' •
7:45 a. m- dally — Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 p. m.., Saturdays only— For Cazadero. \
-5:15 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sun- '
day. for Tnmales. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 65O Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; winter . patents
$ 5 3005 40; straights, f4 90®5 20; epring pat
ents, f 5 10-S5 00; straights, f 4 7O®5 20; bakers'
f3@4; No. 2 spring wheat, fl 10®l 14; No. 3,
$1M©1 H: No. 2 red, fll7^@118H: No. 2
corn, 56c; No. 2 yellow; 60c; No. 2 oats, 20 %c;
No. 2 whits, 82©32%o; No. 3 white, 30%c; No.
2 rye, 81c; rood feeding barley,- 88@38%c: fair
to choice malting, 43@52o; No. 1 flaxseed, $111;
No. 1 Northwestern, fl 18; prime timothy seed
f2 62%: mesa pork, per barrel, fll 15@11 20;
lard, per 100 pounds, $7 10#7I2>4; short ribs
rides (loose). f6 87> / 4@7 12!4; Bhort clear sides
(boxed). ftJ87 1 /i©7; whisky, .basis of high
wines. $1 24; clover, contract grade, $12.
Articles — • ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* 12,700 22,600
Wheat, bushels.. « ...". 66,000 " 69,000
Corn, ¦ bushels *:..'.... 127,000'* 253.300
Oats, bushels 150,800 118,800
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Exchange and Bullion.
Exchange was firmer in all positions and
there waa a slight advance ln Silver.
LOCAL.
Sterling Kxchanse, sixty days — $4 84H
Sterling ExchanRe, sight — 4 87%, :
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 83H :
; New York Exchange, sight — 05 :
I New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07% |
! Silver, per ounce — 58%'
Mexican Dollars : 45«, % tti
| INTERNATIONAL.
I New Tork on Paris MH
fNew York on Mexico 215'/i
| Paris on London " ...25.12Va
! Berlin on London • .* 20.36H
| Wheat and Other Grains.
i WHEAT— The Eastern and foreign markets
showed no change worthy of note.
In the local market the cash grain was firm
! at a general advance, with a good inquiry and
I light offerings. Futures, on the contrary, were
, lower owing- to predictions of rain.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 -J50®l 52>4; California
White Australian, ?1 60@l 05; Northern Club,
I none offering; Northern Bluestem, fl 61'H®
; 1 C5 per ctl.
| FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
- . Open. High. Low. Close, i
! December ...$1 45»i $1 45J4 %\ 45^ fl 45% j
•May ........ 1 ,47V« 1 47V* 1 46% . 1 46%
BARLEY — Cash grain closed the week very
flrmandTnoro active, there being a number of
sales of Feed at $1 12H.- while- some holders
refused to let go under >l 13%. There v.a» no
material chang« In futures, which were dull.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 07>£@l 12^;, Brewing and Shipping
Jl 16<jjl 17}s; Chevalier. $1 l.Ja<yl Wfr per
ctl.
FUTURES.
. . . Seasion 9 to 11 :B0 a. m.
j . -' . Op<"n. High. Low. Close.
! December-... fl-oy%. $1 0S% - fl 0»% fl 00%
[May ........ 100 109 108% 105)
OATS— The market is steadily held at pre
vious quotations. !
White, fl 42fc,@l 67J4; Surprise, fl 65@1 60;
Red for feed, $1 IKii'ttl 45 for No. 1 and
fl 22V., 01 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
fl 42i»Hj 1 to); Black, fl CUyl 35 for feed and
fl 45® 1 GO for seed.
COKN — There have been large ¦ importations
' from the West during the past week, but they
; were all needed, hence the market keeps up
to previous quotations.
Western tacked, fl 45@1 50 for Yellow,
$1 45@1 50 for White and fl 45@1 60 for Mixed;
California large Yellow, f 1 45@1 50; small
round do, fl 55@1 62%; White, nominal;
Kgyptian, fl 35@1 45 for White and f 1 25^
1 30 for Brown.
KYE— fl 37%@1 42 per ctl. t:
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about f2 per
CtL
Flour and Millstiifts.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, |4 80®
C 10. usual terms; Bakers" Extras, f4 70@0;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at f4@4 SO
per bbl.? \
MILLSTUFFS — Prices ln packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. S2 75 i>er 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, f3; Rice Flour,
f7; Corn Meal, $2 60; extra cream do. f3 60;
Oat Meal. f4; Oat Groats, f4 25; Hominy,
f3 C0S3 »5; Buckwheat Flour, f4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour. ff!-r.O; Rolled Oats, bbls, f6 75@7 50; In
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. f5; Split Peas,
boxes, f5 50; Green Peas, f5 50 per 100 lb«r
nay and Feedstuffs.
The market for Hay and Feedstuffs was
quiet, 'with no new features.
BRAN— $1S®19 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 60®28. ". '.
SHORTS— f 1SI&19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Mral at the mill. S.U 50@32 50;
jobbing, fo3; Cocoanut Cake. f23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal, $24@2G: Corn Meal, f31@31 50;
Cracked Corn. f31 50@32; MtxjdFeed, f22 500
23; Horse Beane, f30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
¦ HAY— Wheat, $10@15; Wheat and Oat, flO®
14; Oat, $9@12; Barley and Oat, $8@11; Volun
teer Wild" Oat. f7©10; stable. f'J@10; stock.
$.1 C0@7; Clover, f7@10; Alfalfa, f9Qil2 per
to*.
STRAW— 35®60e per bale. <
. Beans and Seeds.
Conditions remain precisely as before (stated.
Beans are quiet, though there is a moderate
demand for tho Southwest.
BEANS— Bayoei. $2 75@3; Pea. f3 10®3 25;
Butters, f2 7B@3; small White, $3 15@3 30;
large White, f2 40@2 <!5; Pink, $2 75@3 15: Red,
?4 25@4 &0; Lima, f 4 1004 20; Red Kidneys,
$4 50@4 75; Blackeyes, f 2 60®2 70 per ctll
Horse Eeans. f 1 S5@2 40. '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. ' f 4 75@5; Yellow,
Mustard, S3 25; Flax. f2@2 75; Canary, 6%
©7c; Alfalfa, 15%@16%c; Rape, lH02^c;
Timothy, -6«!4c;' Hemp/ 3%@.'{?4c p«r lb; Millet,
2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $2O@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 75 @ 2 50; Green
Peas, f 1 75Q2 SO oer ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices of Onions were advanced sharply
yesterday, supplies being scanty and the de»
mand brisk, both' for local use and shipping
account. Holders were rather indifferent
about parting with their holdings, even at the
advanced quotatlons-and some were expecting
still higher prices.. The situation' in river Po
tatoes was unchanged, the market still being
overloaded "with ordinary stock. • Fancy 'lots
of Salinas Burbanks did . a little better,- but
there was plenty of common stock available
at easy rates. , 8weets continued j weak, <with
supplies far in excess of the demand.
Tomatoes and Egg Plant were in light re
ceipt and fresh lots cleaned up readily at beti
ter prices, Summer . Squash, and Beans were
steady at the previously quoted rates, while
the other vegetables were generally weak.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 40®
65c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. fl 1O@1 35 per
ctl; Rivet- -¦ Reds, . tn;ft;70c per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes 50«876c per ctl. ¦ ¦ ¦ .
ONIONS^-fl 75@2 per.etl. ., "
VEGETABLES— String Beans, 2^@3c per lb;
Wax Beans, 2&ffi3%c Per lb; Lima Beans,
3@4V£c per lb; Tomatoes, . 50@85c per box;
Summer Squash, f 1 26 per box; Cabbage, Bfic
per ctl;. Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers. 25®
60c per box; Garlic, 4 %c per lb; Egg.
Plant,' 50<??65c per box: Dried Peppers, nom-
inal: Green ¦ Peppers. 25ig;4Oc per box; Mar
rowfat and Hubbard Squash. flO@12 per ton
for -round lots: ¦ ¦ . • - •
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered ln San Francisco, less 40tjJ
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 7%©7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. fi^S « Vie: thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3^@3«4c; Ewes, 3&3Ka
per lb (ktoss welcht).
LAMBS — $2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 250 lbs, 4%@4%c;
under 140 U>s, 4%@4%c. soft Hogs, not want
ed; Sows, 20 per cent oft; "Boars. 60 per cent
off, and Stags, 40 per - cent off from above
quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as fo'lows:
' BEEF — 5@7c for Steers and 4@5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— L*rge, 6@7%c: small, 7©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®7%c; Ewes, 6®7c pei
pound. • .>/.";•
LAMB — 8%@!>c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6®Sc per lb..
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Mnrket.
DRESSED MEATS,
CHICAGO, Nor. 12. — Small receipts ln the
Northwest and firmness of cables , caused a
steady tone ln the wheat market at. the open-
Ing. Initial quotations on December were %o
lower at $1 14%. May was unchanged at
$1 14*g. Sentiment in the pit, however, was
Inclined to bearishnesa as the result of fear
that the' total world's movement for the week
would show a considerable Increase. ¦ Toward
the middle of the session the market became
quite strong, especially for the May ' delivery,
which advanced to $1 14%. The trading was
quiet and the market closed steady, with De
cember at $1 14%e>l 14%. . May closed at
$1 14.
Sentiment in the corn market , waa bullish.
December* closed practically unchanged at
51 %c.
A good cash demand caused a firm tone ln
oats. December closed %c'hlgher at 29%c.
PMvlsions were weak early, but closed high
er and firm. January pork dosed up 12%c;
lard and ribe were each up 7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ' • . ,
December .....*. 1 14% 1 14% 1 14 1 14U
May 1 14% 1 14% 1 13% 1 14
July 99% 99% 89% 99%
Corn No. * —
December Bl% 62% Bl% fii%..
May 47 47>i 46% 46%
July 46% • 46% 46% 40%
Oats No. 2—
November > 20%
December 29 2»S 29 20%
May 31% 81% 31%"' 31%
July 31% 32 -31% 31%
Mesx Pork, per bbl— ,
January 12 60 12 77% 12 60 12 77%
May 12 62% 12 SO 12 60 . 12 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 7 07% 7 17% 7 07% 7 17%
May 7 17% 7 32% 7 17% 7 30
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—"
January 6 50 « 60 6 50 6 60
May 8 60 6 70 6 60 6 70
Futnre Grr.'ii and Provisions.
Ala S Co. ... — 25 I Mat Nav Co. eo —
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Nev Nat Bk.20O —
Cal Cot Mils SO — N Cal P Co. 9% — '
Cal G&ECor. M> — Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
C Jockey C1.1CS 115 Oak T Con.. 7R
Cal Powder. 130 145 llOOF Hall A «% —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOrpheum Co. — 16%
Cal T I & T — IM IPacC Cas Co. 133 —
Cen Bk Oak 60 72%: Pac Sur Co.103 —
Chute* Co ..5 6 Paraf Paint.. 89 — .
City & C Bk" — 120 S F Drydock. — C3 '
Cyp !• Imp-. — K^ SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
East Dynm.. — 373 S J Wat Co.103% —
DptPwd pfd — 85 SO A MTxbt.123 — .
Do com ..40 — So Pac Co... «.'. —
FK Bk. Oak.120 — Fwiss-A Bk..l15 —
Fischer Thtr IV* — Truck Elect.. 11% 12
, Frnch-A Bk.I07 115 UR InC pfd. 61% —
Hono P Co.. — .25 Do com ... 12% —
Lon&SFBk— 60
SALES.
Morning Session.
Street—
100 Honolulu Plantation Co (pool) . 23 00
California Stock and Oil FLxehnnstr.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked,
Apollo 40 43
Associated Trust Cert 26 27.
Caribou > « 66
Central Point Con 72 .....
Claremont . . . . '. 8O »» '^;T3gj
Riant [y///.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.i 23 ."."."
Hanford 1?5 0O
Home «5 70
Independence 32 33
Monarch of Arizon 25 .10'
Monte Cristo 75 80
Occidental of W Va ai .....
Oil City Petroleum '. ".:.'. R" 59-
Reed Crude • 185 ....
Senator 72
Sovereign 33 34 ¦
Sterling 2 00 2 50
Twenty-eight 1100 12 0»
Fischer's Theater 1 60
Honolulu Sugar 24 00 ....
Truckee Electrio :.: 12 eo
SALES.
Morning Session.
5000 Associated Oil. s 30 .; 26
1100 Independence . 32
100 Twenty-eight Oil 11 00 "
400 Home Oil «5
I 2000 Occidental ' 04
Mining Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK T3CCHANG B.
" Followtnr wer« the~«aJe« oa the Baa Fraa-
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.t Bid. Ask.
Bav CPC 6s. — 101 |SF & NP Bs.112 112%
B L Wat 6s. — 114%IS P C R 4s. 98 103
Cal NW 5s.. 113% — |S P Co 4%s.l01H —
M C Wat Ss.100 — Sun 1 Tel 6s. ..1UU —
Ris I Wks5s — 105 Do 6s ...'..106% —
SF Drdk 5s.ll2 — Suttr-st R3s.l04 — '
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Wool, Hops and Hides all continue to move
off briskly at firm quotations and all the ad
vantage continues with sellers.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
• bout little under quotations. Heavy raited
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9%c for light;
Stags, 7c: Salted Kip; 10%c; Salted Veal.
ll%c; Salted Calf, ll%c: dry Hides. 17%c; dry
Kip. 15c ; dry Calf, 20c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
25@10c each; Ehort Wool, 40®€5c each; me
dium, 75@30c; long Wool, $1@1 50; Horse
Hides, salt, $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for
mirlium, $1 50Q2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 B0 for
medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do,
$125: large. 50c: medium, 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb:
No. 2. 3%c: Greass, 2%@3c-
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln and South
ern, 9^11c; Southern, 8®9c; Southern Moun
tain, «@llc: Middle Counties, free. 12314c;
do, defective, 10#12c; Northern free. 12i^14c;
do defective, 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 16®18c oer lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop, 29@32c per lb.
Hides. Tallow.
Wool and Hops.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nor. 12.— To-day*« treasury
«tat«mnnt shows: Available cash balances,
$188,542,381; gold, $S7.606.7B5. '
NEW YORK. Nov. 12. — Total imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week (five days) ending
to-<!ay were valued at $14,498,653; exports of
specie from New Tork for the week were $2,
007.200 gold and $518,570 silver.
Imports of specie at New York were $22,176
silver and $172,391 gold. . .
Xew York Dry Goods.
NEW TORK. Nov. 12. — All metal .markets
continued to have a firm undertone to-day, al
though the trading was less active. Iron was
In particularly strong demand. Prices • were
nominally unchanged from yesterday. Tin was
quiet, spot $29<S2» 10.
Lead and spelter, firmer.
New York Metal 3farket.
The markets everywhere were quiet yester
day, with no marked tendency either way in
prices. •
CURED MEATS— Bacon, I0%c per lb for
heavy, 10%c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 12%®12aic; California Hams
l'J<B12'Sc; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl; extra
Mesa, $10 50011: Family. $12@12 60; prime
Mess Pork, $14 00; extra clear, *22: Mess
$16 60; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked
Beef 14a per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 909 %c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9%<a
9%c; 10-lb tins, lOftc; 5-lb tigs, 10%c; 3-lb
tins, 10%o.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels, 8%c; onetlerce. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comatocka.
400 Best A Belch.l 05! 550 Ophlr 2 20
10O Best & Belch.l 10i 2nO Potoal 10
600 Con Cal & V.I 65: 200 Savajre 2*
100 Gould & Cur. lol 300 Seg Belcher... 08
600 Mexican 1 15' 2tt> Union Con 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
L Bid. Ask.! : Bid. Ask.
Alpha 12 15!Julia 05 07
Alta 05 07lJustlC# 04 M
Andes 23 24 Kentuck ..... 02 <H
Belcher 17 19 Lady Wash . . 03 04
Beet & Beleh.l 08 1 10'Mexican 1 10 1 15
Bullion 25 27! Occidental ... 74 7*
Caledonia .... S« 38! Ophlr 2 15 2 C5
Challenga ... 15 1 HI Overman 13 1*
Ohollar 14 1«| Potosi 1<> 11
' Confldenc* ... 8O 88' Scorpion 09 O7
Con Cal & V.I 55 1 »:.'• Pavace 23 25
Con Imperial. — 01 : Seg Belcher... OS 07
Con N Y 03 C5!Sierra Nev.... 23 2«
: Crown Point.. 15 l«i Silver Hill W> S3
Eureka Con.. — 50' St. Louis to 08
Exchequer ... 42 46' Syndicate .... 03 OS
BL Sierra Nev 08 CSf Union Con 47 4S
Gould & Cur. 10 11 Utah 07 00
Hale A Norc. 64 67( Yellow Jacket. 17 18
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIKLD 8TOCK3.
Morning Session.
BOO fSoldfield Mhk 16(1000 Reacua 1O
500 Jumbo 491 500 Ton Belmont.. 71
BOO Little Ton .. 511 500 Ton Midway.. #»
BOO MaeNamara . 23I10OO Ton N Star... IS
200 Mont Ton ...1 JJOI 600 Ton Ohk» .... 33
20O Ray & O"Brien 07!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. I BM.A.k
Ton of N«t..9 00 9 25! Rescue 08 \9
Mont Ton ...1 85 1 WlTon A Cal... 15 —
Ton Exten ..2 10 — !Ray A CVBrlea — 07
MaeNamara . 22 25! Paymaster ••• 03 05
Ton Midway.. 38 40' Little Ton ..80 —
Ton Belmont.. 77 — jEsperanza ¦ 01 02
Ton N Star... 17 19'GoM Anchor.. 22 2*
West End. ... — 17!Qulney 11 —
Ton Gold Mt- 17 191 N T Ton Con. — 12
Goldfield.
Sandstorm . . — 23! Jumbo Ex . . 50 J2
Red Top 11 131 Vernal Mln .. 10 —
Goldfield Mhk 15 17IGoldfleld <0 —
Jumbo 48 — !
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Adams 10| 100 Mont Ton ...l»rt
100 Bullfrog Mln. 5113200 N T Ton Con. t3
50 Bunker H M.t 45| «(X) Ton Belmont.. 73
50 Cent. Eureka.l 45' 500 Ton Belmont.. 74
200 Eaperanza ... 01J2COO Ton Midway.. 3»
100 Goldfleld Min 631 700 Ton Midway.. 3.<»
10CO Jumbo Ex .. 20> 1500 Ton Midway.. 37
500 MaeNamara . 22. 10O Ton of Nev. .9 25
1000 MaeNamara . 23' 1000 Vernal Mln . . 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Adams 09 t(> MaeNamara . . 23 24
Black Ants.. — 10'Mont Ton. . .1 90 1 92%
Black Butte.. .16 IS N T T Con M 11 12
Blue Bull M. — 27!Paymaster ... 02 04
Booth M Co. 13 — Quincy 11 —
Bullfrog Mln. OO — Ray Exten .. — <>*
Columbia — 2«i Ray A O'Brien — OS
Diaraondfleld. 86 — :Ray Ton — 14
Esperanza ... — 01 1 Red Top .... 11 —
Goldfleld B&B — l«l Rescue to 10
Goldfield Dmd — 20(Rothwell G M 10 Kft
Ooldfield Mln W> Mi Sandstorm ... IS 2f>
Goldfleld Mhfc 1* 22' Ton Belmont.. 74 75
Red L 05 —(Ton* Cal... 13 —
Goldfleld S Pk — IS! Ton Exten. .2 02*4 2 1O
Goldfleld Ton. — 11! Ton Gold Mt. 17 1*
Gold-Mt Con. — C2!Ton Midway.. 37 .t<*
Hazel Kirk .. 05 —I Ton Nev.. 9 12% 9 37%
Jim Butler :. — 70 ! Ton N Star... 16 17
Jumbo 46 — I Ton Union .. — it
Jumbo Ex .. 20 21) United Ton .. — 08
Little Ton .. 45 —j Vernal Mln ..10 —
Lucky Tom.. 04 03! West End 10 17
NKW TOBK, Nov. 12, — Cotton futures closed
steady; December. 9.85c; January, 9.95c;
February, 10.C3c; March, 10.07c; April, 10.11c;
May, 10.16c; July. 10.23r.
Spot cotton, dull: middling uplands, 10.25c;
middling Gulf, 10.50c; sales, 557 bales.
Xew Tork Cotton Market.
New- York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12. — Close: Money oa
<~aJl was nominal; no loans.
Tlm<> ioant were Ftfady with fixty days at
1 ? i«r c«tnt; ninety days and six months,
«% ltr cent.
Pri;rn' mercantile paper, 3? 4 @4% per cent.
BtfrUfig exohansp was strong, with actual
illness in banker^' bills at J*)SC«y@4.86Tl)
Xi r d. mand and at $4. S38of 4.8390 for Flxty day
bills.
J'ostcd rates, s &«% and $4 87@4 S7%.
OomnierciaJ bUta, (4 b3i/4 83%.
Bar silver, 58 \^c.
Mexican d>!lar>, 46^ic.
Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads, firm.
Xew JTork Stocks.
E. r. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street,
£aa KranclKco, members of the New York
Stock Excbanfe, rumisii the following- official
quotations of that Exchange :
Bales. I Stocks— ,U!gt Ljw.| B!d.| Ask.
it.
Adams Eixi>reFs.. 34O ;200 ,
17.30viAmal? < - opper . . j 75 j 74%j 74%) 74»i
,Am Can Co | ] »* 4 | | 10
¦•! I>o pfd I ! I 64%| 54=4
jAm Can Co....| j I 9» 4 I 10 .
loo 1 , Do pfd I 89Hl 87*41 87%| Hl%
SOOAm Cotton Oii..i 33 1 32%i 32 32%
I Do pfd I I »3«4 64'
10()Am Dist Tel I 27 | 27 27 2S
10&,'Am Express J215 |215 214 J21«
KKiAm lll<!e & L. .. 6% 6% 1, <S%
40CJ Do pfd 23% 22H ZX% 24
m>, American lc* ..[ >.¦•„. >¦-,¦ 8 6%
100 Do pfd I 37%j 37%! 3 7%l 37'4
4,2OOAm Unseed j 16? 4 | lSVil 15%| 18
lOOj Do pid i 40 40 4U 41
S,lo<>Am Locomotive.', 31% 80% | 30% j 31
I Do pfd 1100 jltfja* 10U llOuVi
|Am iLaJt .5 5%
¦ Do pid 22% I 23% 22Vi 22%
14.J0U Am Sm & Rf Co' 78 I 77 77% 77»i
200 Do pfd IllS'.ilm UU',* 1H
10.SOO Am Su«ar .. 1140 145 145 145%
I DO pfd 14O 140%
100. Am Tel & T Co 144 144 143 145
|Am Tob pfd 150 149 % j 148 •
10",Am Woolen 1*% 18%! 18% 1S» 4
I Do pfd I bfl 86%
l.&0"> Anaconda ,115 114% 113 114
jAnn Arbor 33 26
; Do pfd 63 65
'A T & S F 87% 87 87«4 87%
J Do pfd 1C3 103 HfJ%!103
14,IOO;Balt £ OWo 98 'i 97% 97% 97%
50o; DopH 65 95»*
Bay Ftate Gas.. I | Vi 9-32
4,800 B R T I 6&I4I 67% 07^ 01%
Brwk In Gu.. 220 240
!Brun» I> & I 1 9 10
Tiuttfrlck Co ..» 52 53
8rtO Canada So ! 69% 67T£ 63 t»%
22.40« Canadian Pao ..Il32?4 131T, 132% 132%
2,800;C * O A. .A 46% 46^, 40% 46%
CIcA 42 88% 4114 41%
I Do t>fd 80 M
C 4 E I pfa... 180 125
C I & I. pfd 1 8f> ftO
?O.Sfr.C A O W 25% 24«i 24% 25
I Do pfd A • 63% 64
6001 Do Pfd B ' ! ST.ii! 3T.%
Do d*bs I ! 88 % I 89
BOOC 4 N W 201^:2.10 •199V2O1
11.300'C M & Bt P !l73?»;i74 !l74%|174"%
800 ' Do pfd I j [183%I184%
8.200CRI& P (new)i SC% 3« 36 8«V4
1.300' Do pfd ! 7»«- 4 78>4 79% 70% j
' Do 4« t 78V; 79
20o;Chica«o Term...' 11%! ll'i IH4 11%
ftO->| Do pfd I 24 ) 23% 23«i 23K
ir,.200Chic L'n Tract..! 14% 12% 13'i 14
1.400! Do pfd I 42 39 40% 40»i
l.flOO'C C C * 6t L... f»*i 87«4 87Vi Hl%
..-I Do pfd 112% 116
'Clere L«r Ss. W.l 1 74 RS
' Do pfd I 74 75
1l«*VCol3 Fuel & I..j 47%! 46% 46% 47
Beginning with a sermon this aft
ernoon."* prayer services will be held
daily in the Y. M. C. A. building dur
ing: the week. The services will par
take somewhat of a Thanksgiving
spirit and will be purely undenomina
tional, different leaders being select
ed for each rrieetng. The week-day
services beginning to-morrow will be
from 12 to 12:30 and 6:45 to 7:15 in
the eveninc This annual week of
prayer is observed by the Y. M. C. A.
throughout the world.
Week of Prayer.
AH conditions remain as before.
The German steamer Ammon took out for
Hamburg 2.196,415 lbs Prunes, valued at
$22,051.
FHUITS — New crop — Apricots. 7»J©i0c for
Royals and'8@12e for Moorparks": Nectarines,
«Vi©7%c for White and e%@7c foiv Redr
Peaches. 7%08%c s per lb: Pears, 7012c
Plums pitted, 60C%o for black, 7%®Slic
for red anu 7£S%c for yellow; Figra, 2-crown
brick* 60«; 3-crown, 5uc; 4-crqwn. COc; 6
orown.' 65c; bulk white. 2%G3c; black, 3^c.
Evaporated Apples. 5@7c per lb.
PKUNES— 1%@194c per lb for the four sizes
and 2V«c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1VJ04 crop f o. b. Fresno— Im
perial clusters. $2 25®2 50; Dehesa. 91 30@l 35;
London Layers, 85c@$l 10; Loose Muscatels -i
crown, 4%c; v 3-crown. 3%c; 2-crown. 3^0:
Seeded, 4®5%c; Thompson's Seedless, ,4^0
seedless Sultanas. 3%a per lb.
NUTS— New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12a
12%o- No. 2. l0@10%e; No. 1 hardshell, 12c^
No 2 10c; Almonda, 16@17e for Nonparlela
14®14%c for I XL, 13@14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for Lafeguedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 5005-
Chestnuts, 8®12%c per lb for California and
12%@13%c for Italian.
HONEY — Comb. ll%@18c for white and 109
lie for amber; water white extracted, 5%a
6c; light amber extracted, 5@55ac; dark. 0$
4%c
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
POWDER.
Giant - 63%|Vigorit - 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 7U4 72 iMakaweli C. 30 —
Honokaa 3 C 16 16%!Onomea S C. 29% —
Hutch S P C 11 11% Paauhau S C. 17% IS
Kllauea S C. r.»; 5 !
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 07 — lOceanic S Co. 3% 3%
Cal F C A. 99&100 Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 75 77% \ Pac C Borx.156 157%
MV& MtTm. — 105 I Pac S Tel Co.105 100
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Alaska Packers' Association... S>7 25
100 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 71 50
100 Honokaa S Co 18 25
425 Hutchlnson S P Co 11 00
70 Oceanic S S Co 3 62%
200 Paauhau 8 P Co. a 10 17 50
200 Paauhau S P Co 17 50
10 S F Gaa & Electric... 56 CO
60 S F Gas & Electric 55 75 '
10 Sprlntf Valley Water Co 39 23
$1,000 Contra Costa Water 5 per cent. 97 00
$2,000 Sacramento El Gan * Ry 5s.. 100 25
$1,000 Sierra Ry of Cal « per cent... 110 00
$5,000 Spring Val 4a (3d mtge) s 10. 99 75
$3,000 United R R »f S F 4 per cent. 86 23
Street — 1
$4,000 S P Branch TRy 6s. a 10 134 SO
Ger S & L.2330 — ISav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.615 —
' STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 198%) Presidio 39 —
Geary — 40 I
"s INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.3tO 326 }
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l26 130 |L P & A 150 —
Anglo-Cal .. fs5% S6%|Mer Trust — 230
Bank of Cal.421^430 IMerch Ex 5O
Cal Safe Dp.148%152 S F National. — —
First Natlonl — 335 |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Cent L & P. 3% 3%|S F G & E. 55% 55%
Mutual E L. 10% 1 Hi I Stkn G & E. — 5%
Pac L Co... CO 60%!U G & E Co. — —
Contra Costa — 35 | Port Costa ... — —
Marin Co... 58 61 IS V Wat Co. ?.» 39%
• GAS AND ELECTRIC.
WATER STOCKS
Ala A W 5s. — — |Oak T Co 6a.l2O 122*4
Asso Oil 6s. 86 89 | Do 5a 112?4 —
Bay CPC 5s. — 102%| Do con Bs. — ' 1O4»4
Cal C G 6s. — - — I Oceanic S 5s. 55 60
Cal G & E g lOm Cable Cs.120% —
m & ct 5s. 83 S3# Pac G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-st C 5s.H4tf — P E Ry 5s.. — 103
C C Wat 5s. 96 — P & C H 6s.lO4 —
EdL & P Cb.125 — P & O R Os.lH'-l.HS
F & C H 6s. — — IPowell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — I Sac EG*R5s.lOO 100V4
H C&S 5^a.lO5 — SF & SJV5s.llg% —
Do 5s 100 — Sierra R 6s. — —
Hon R T 6s.lO4Va — I S P of A 6»
L A Elec 53. — 103%; (1908) 108% —
L A Ry 5s. .115% — j (1910) 109% —
L A L Co 6s - — I S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — I (19C5)Sr A. 101 —
Do gtd Ss.101 103%) <1903)Sr B. — —
LAP lem Ss.101 — (1906) 104Vi —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6 — (1912) 114 —
Do lem 5s.ll6!ii — SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
MV4 MtT.'.s^lOS 110 1 Do stampd. — —
NRR of C6s. — 107 |S P B R 68.134 —
Do 5s 118% — S V Wat 6s.lO4'i —
N P C R 5s. 106 I Do 4s 2dm. 89»i —
N C Ry 5s.. . — 112 I Do 4s Sdm. 99% —
N C P C 5s. 99 — Do g mtgls 99% —
N S R R 5s. — 95 Stkn G&E6a. 1),T —
OG L&H 5s. — 110 U G & E 5s.lO2% —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 |UR of SF 4s. S6% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr cour>..106Vil06*4!4B qr cp new.130%131
4s qr regr...lO6};iO6%|3s qr coup... 104% —
SATURDAY. Nov. 12—12 m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
PEACHES — Firm in the absence of offerings;
choice. OS'SVJc; extra choice, 9%@10e; fancy,
10>.i@llc.
PRUNES— Are In moderate Jobbing demand
and rule 6teady to firm, quotations ranging
from 2Q6c, according to grade.
APRICOTS— Are In light supply on spot and
hold firm ln spite of light demand. Choice,
C>4«t10c; extra choice, 10H@10^ac; fancy, 11
©foe
COFFEE-^ Future* closed steady at ' a net
advance -of M 10 point*. Total sales, . 55,500
bars Including: December, 7>05@7.10c; Jan
uary 7.15c; March. :"- 7.3.V®7.40; May, '7.55(31
7.60c': July, 7.73e: August, 7.80c. Spot— Rio,
tteady; No. 7 invoice, b^c: mild, firm; Cor-.
dova. iodise. ' • ' ¦ • ' '
' BUTTER — Firm. Common to extra, 13@
1 8c; Western factory, common to choice. i:i@
WS*Ac; Western Imitation creamery, common
to choice. 15@16i4c; Western Imitation oj-eam
ery common to choice, 15»£© 19c.
CHEESE— Firm, unchanged.
EGGS — Firm. Fancy selected, 28e; do
flrste. 27o. " - - • • -
DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATETD APPLES — The market con
tinued aulet and ¦ easy. Common, 4(5J4V4c:
choice, 5<S5i4c. and fancy. 0©fi%e.
SUGAR— Raw firm; centrifugal, 06 test,
4 7-16c: molasses sugar, 8 11 -16c. Refined,
flrm-lNo. 6 6.05c; No. 7, 5c; No. 8, 4.80c; No.
9, 4.85c; No. 10, 4.80c: No. 11, 4.70c; No. 12,
4 65c: No. 13 4.60c; No. 14, 4.60c; confection
ers' A. 5.30c: mold A, 5.80c; cut loaf. 0.15c;
crushed. G.15c- powdered, 5.55c; granulated,
5.45c; cubes. 5.70c.
PETROLEUM— Firm
WHEAT— Receipts, none; Bales, 2,300,000
bushels futures. Spot, steady; No. 2 red,
$1 23^4 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
?ta)i s f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
$1 08 t. o. b. afloat. Options opened up on
foreign buying and firmer cables, following a
reaction due to profit-taking sales, the market
attain advancing on prospects for small re
ceipts West next week and- on bullish statis
tics on Monday, closing net higher.
Sales Including No. 2 red May, $1 15%@
110 7-16, closed $116%; July, $1 03%@l «!Ti.
cloned $103 T fc; December, $1 20»4@l 20%,
closed $1 20T6i
HOPS — Steady. State common to ¦ choice,
1904 crop 31940c: 1003, 2l®36c; olds, 14®
J8c- Pacific Coast. 1904, 30037c; 1903. 3O@
34c: olds, 14018c.
HIDES— Firm. California, 20 to 25- pounds,
18c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece. 32@35c.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12. — FLOUR— Receipts.
24.000 barrels: exports, 5800 barrels. Sale».
4200 packases. Firm, with trade quiet. Min
nesota patents, $6 10@6 40; Minnesota bakers,
$4 60f5; winter patents, $5«0@6; winter
straights, $5 3f»05 60; winter extras. $3 60®
4 25; winter low rrades, $3 40£4 05.
Xew York Grain and Produce.
SEATTLE), Nov. 12.— Clearings, $848,819;
balancos. $115,135.
• TACOMA, Nov. 12. — Clearings, $54S,646;
balances. $58,029- '
PORTLAND, Nov. 12. — Clearings, $774,62S;
balances, $118,145.
SPOKANE, Nov. 12.— .Clearings, $310,334;
balances, $S«.20O.
Business.
TT>e N»w Tork wires of B. P. Hutton & C->.
S'efterda; said:
PTOOK.P-- The progress of the hull movement
!n ihe etork mnrket ha* r«oeived further im
p<*u* during the we»k from the overwhelming
result of the flection. The importance of tbta
to the financial and Rfntral business Interests
of the ciuiUji caanot l>« overestimated. We
tsar witness <vins-id?r*hle irregularity at fr«>-
Quect intervals and natural re»cti<-nary move
rr»-nt* fl trn the shifting of th<» long interest
arr.or.e tbfl !are«!=t operator*, and also proflt
rakln* by tri* generality of traders, but tva
talck nidi sf-J i-lcs as may occur from thrs«
technical ror.ilit . ons> will not b« eitenshe. but
.sr.or# Iik« i> ;y to prove only temporary and be
succeeded later on by a smaller range of
prince.
COTTON — Pome of the local Fpeculatlve in
t-rests- who bought cotton last wcpk in anti
> 'fjatioti of a ri.i* in sympathy with the wavt
of bul!i*h speculation which has been parsing
'•••r t!,e stm-k market are disappointed at
Ihp ihf»nce of outside Interest. Speculation
at pn?s*-i;t continues of email projiortions and
U confined almost entirely to the local oper
¦tora au'i various trade intertsts, but we aro
i"okiri£ forward to a time when we Frail ¦*•
r.i,,rrj activity and believe higher prices will
ultimately prevail. We, however, believe it
"'11 piwe a good market for moderate profits,
j-nd therefore t-ontinue to advise purchases of
¦ay » int« r or Faring months especially on all
breaks from the present level for moderat*
turn*.
Stocks and Cotton.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 12.— Wool. firm. Medium
grades. • clothing- and combing- 20@27c; light
fine, 16(&21o; heavy fine, 12gl.c; tub washed,
23Q3SM:C.
St. LiOuis Wool Market.
The suit under which the decision
was rendered was entitled Mary Floyd
McAdoo vs. M. S. Sayre. Judge of the
Superior Court In Lake County. It
was an application for a writ of pro
hibition to nullify the order of the
Superior Court declaring the. trust
dissolved, argument being made that
a full year had not yet elapsed since
the will was offered for probate. The
Supreme Judges, however, decided
that no action had as yet been taken
and it would be Impossible for them
to antlciDate the action of the lower
courts. The application for the writ
was accordingly denied. Judges Shaw,
McFarland, Van Dyke and Henshaw
concurring and Beatty and Angellotti
dissenting.
The case of Sidney M. Smith vs.
the Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works
was remanded to the Superior Court
for retrial. The trial court found that
the Baciflc Vinegrar and Pickle Works
had ratified and approved the in
dorsement, placed upon the notes of
the California PackinR Company by
President Smith and Secretary King.
There was nothing to show that the
directors were aware of this, so the
new trial was ordered.
In the appeal of Thomas 1 W.
Treanor from the judgment of the
lower" court awarding the office of
County Recorder of Santa Clara
County to C. It. Williams, the Su
preme Court upheld the judgment.
According to a decision of the Su
preme Court rendered yesterday the
estate of the late Cora Lyons Floyd,
who married ilitrow Gopcervic, a
street car conductor, may now be dis
tributed to the beneficiaries under her
will.
Supreme Court Hand-* Down Decision
Denying Application for' a
Writ of Prohibition.
NEW TORK. Nov. 12.— The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
cltv for the five clays of this week shows:
Loans $1,125,039,000. decrease $14,7K9.60O; de
posits $1.170, 045.000. decrease J2O.1O7.40O; cir
culation $42,313,600, decrease- $271,600; legal
tenders. 7S.347.1OO, decrease $1,503,600; specie
$226,r>n8.700, decrease ?4,741,10O; reserve re
quired $204,011,250, decrease, $5,026,850; sur
plus 18.894.650, decrease $1,217,850: ex-United
States deposits $14,744,875, decrease $1,212,900.
Clearing-House Banks.
GOPCKVIC ESTATE MAY
NOW BE DISTRIBUTED
Bank dearinjrs*.
LocaJ Bar.k Clearing* for the nee* just end
*d. compared with vfce corresponding week
rf last > ear,;'- show a gain of J2S0, 1TJ4. being
*in.7.*.5,!>63. against $3'»,475,*29 in 1S«3. The
• ;»anrgc for th« game week in 1902 were
E53.Cn.76S.
California Powder Works (new corporation)
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 50
cents per share November 21.
The output of the Ophlr mine last week
amounted to 134 mining car loads of ore as
saying $39 91 per ton.
There was less doinjr in Jocal securities
yesterday, es usual on Saturday. What activ
ity existed wa3 in the sugar stocks, which
continued firm, with Hawaiian Commercial
etill higher at |71 50 and Hutchlnscn active
at |11. There was nothing new worthy of
note ln the oil or mining stocks.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 21,541 shares, valued at $10,863. the
leading sales being as follows: Associated Oil.
8667 shares; Home, 1200; Independence, 2324;
Monte Cristo, 1400; Ocoidental. 3000; Sover
eign, 700.
Sucars SU11 Firm.
The Week Closes Quietly, AVith the
QUINCES — 40<360c per box.
FIGS— 75c@$l per box.
GRAPES — Table varieties, 75c<g»$l for crates.
30<6«50c for small boxes and $1 25@1 76 for
open boxes.
¦ CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels, f 2 50@3
per box; Seedlings. $1 50®t 75; Tangerines,
$1 25<&1 50 per box; Lemons, $2 5003 for fancy
$1 75@2 25 for choice and $1 25® 1 50 for stand
ards; vlrape Fruit. $2@2 50; Mexican Limes
$4@4 50 per case; Bananas. $2@3 per bunch for
Central American and 75c@$2 for Hawaiian-
Pineapples, $2@4 p^r dozen.
APPLES— $1 25@1 50 for extra fancy, DOct?
$1 15 for ordinary fancy. 50@85c for choice and
25(g40c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellls, 510125 per box;
cooking varieties, 40@75c per box.
PERSIMMONS — 50<g75c per box
POMEGRANATES — 50@U0c per box. "
The * weak and unsettled condition of the
Apple market, which has been mentioned al
most daily of late, was more pronounced than
ever yesterday and .lower prices ruled for
extra and ordinary fancy fruit. •' The down
ward movement was started by- handlers of
consigned stock, who were anxious to effect
clearances.' and the other dealers were obliged
to follow suit. Extra fancy Oregon Spltzen
bergs. which had previously been held firm at
$1 60 per box, were offered by one dealer at
$1 25 and he announced that he j would shade
that quotation to large buyers. The lower
prioes stimulated trade somewhat, but retail-'
era were still operating cautiously ln expecta
tion of further declines. Eight straight
carloads, . two from Colorado and the
balance from Oregon, were added to
the already unwieldy stocks. Trade
in other deciduous fruitfl was of fair
volume and prices were steady for everything
except Grapes. The top quotation for Grapes
in crates was obtained only for selected lots
Ruitable for shipping. S5c being the top for
the general run of offerings. Open boxes were
suddenly plentiful and there was a sharp break
ln prices. Berries cleaned up quickly at firmer
prices under the usual extra demand for Sun
day requirements. Citrus and Tropical fruits
were In fair request and all descriptions stood
as previously quoted.
STRAWBERRIES— $10@12 per chest for
Longworths. $2 5O@4 for Mallndas and $5@6
for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES — $4@7 per chest
HUCKLEBERRIES — t!@10c per lb.
CRANBERRIES — Eastern. Jsas 50' per bbl
for Early Black and $9 50"!?10 50 for New Jer.
sey and Cape Cod Late Red; Coos Bay, $2^
2 75 per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wheat— 1 ' "' Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 23 60 25 05
Cleeihg 23 53 25 05
Flour —
Opening 8120 82 70,
Closing 31 15 82 65
Foreign Futures.
,. •¦' LIVERPOOL.. • ,. < ¦ ..
Wheat — .:.-.Dec. March.- . May.
Opening ............ 7 3 7-6 7'4%
Closing ...73 7 5 7 4%
STOCK MARKET.
MISCELIiANEOUS MARKETS.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 12.
Flour, qr sks... 6.5 »W Wool, bale* 434
Wheat, ctls 61,4151 Screenings sks.. 1.70O
Barley, ctls 39,895| Tallow. ctl» .... 367
Oats, ctls 3'i0, Leather, rolls ... 76
Corn (West), ctls 600| Hides. No 207
Beans, sks 6.2M,P-?its No 120
Potatoes, ska ... 5,67*1 Lime, bbls 457
Onions, sks 2«2| Paper, reams ... 633
Bran, sks 1,000 Wine, gals 53,075
Middlings, sks .. 4501 Chicory, bbls 50
Hay. tons 8671 Sugar, ctls 2.9 JO
Hops, bales 175; Raisins bis 3,i23
Feed, tks 401I Brandy, gals . . . 500
EASTERN,
Flour, qr sks... 8001
The Italians then started a counter
demonstration on the university steps
and sang the national hymn of Italy.
The Germans attacked the Italians and
drove them from their position. Stick*
and umbrellas were freely used and
many heads were cracked, but no ar
rests were made, as the fighting was
confined to the university precincts.
VIENXA, Nov. 12.— Many heads were
broken in a fierce conflict between Ger
man and Italian students at the uni
versity to-day, the fight arising from
the recent troubles at Innsbruck. The
Germans took the aggressive. They
started singing the -\Vacht Am Rhine"
with uncovered heads and demanded
that ail the others remove their hats.
The Italians. Slavs and other non-
Uermans refused to do so. whereupon
the Teutons forcibly knocked off their
opponents' headgear and trampled
their hats and taps in the dust.
BUTTER — Creamery . at first hands. 2Ot|21o
for extras and l.sfrl'Jc for lower to medium
grades: dairy, 17@19c; cold storage, nominal;
store .Butter.: 10@ 14c; -Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed,. 15@16c.'
CHEESE— H2@12Vic for choice mild new and
10®llc for old; cold storage. 10»4@llc; Young
Americas 12@13c; Eastern, 10©15e per lb.
.EGGS — Ranch, 4S@50c. for large white se
lected. 45@47*4c for 'good to choice and 37%@
42%o for common; cold storage, 25<330c; East
ern, 25@28c for choice, 22@24c for standards
and 18@21c for seconds. "
The week closed with Butter ' depressed and
still lower. AH dealers had some complaint
or other, the market being too dull or too
overloaded, and sometimes both.- It Is freely
said that the market was never before in such
congested and bad condition at this time of the
year. Excellent creamery sold, down to 13c
yesterday, and 20c would buy almost anything.
Continued offerings of the large department
stores at 30@31c per square, retail, .aggravate
the demoralization, for the wholesalers have
to follow them down.
Cheese seems on the verge of a decline,
though, there is none yet. ' -
Eggs also closed very weak, with an In
creasing' number of receivers shading quota
tions . to . Bell. Receipts were larger, as will
be seen. Predictions of lower prices this week
were" freely made. *• Stocks of ranch seemed to
be gtting rather, larger, though still small.
Receipts were 21,000 lbs Butter. t>13 cases
Eggs. and 930O lbs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Kefiisal to Doff Hats Dur
ing Sin^in^ of National
Airs Starts Bloody Fight
NO AUKESTS AKE 3IADE
Wall ptrt>ct stxK-ks sensitive, with a j
decreaslns business.
Ixx-al etot'lws qnieler, with Hawaiian
Coimnereiril still higher.
Local bank clearing* about the «m»o
h*s ln»t year.
Narrow flui-luatioiis iu Siher and Ex
rhan^o.
Causb W heat hi^lur and futures lotver.
H.'ir'cy linn nnd ;:ctivo.
Oats. <"«>rii !Uid Ilye as previously !
quoted.
No furthtr changes In H:iy, I»«'an.s or
frVediftaffs.
l'otaicM's Rtill or«»nil^nt«fal a sld weak.
Oiiions continue to advamf.
l*oaltry and Game well ticano<l np j
anti iirni.
Fruit, market overloaded \viUi Apples. !
Sharp break in <irape«.
1/itry^* shipment of l'runes to Hani- j
burs.
Provisions continue quiet In all posi- j
tlOi>.
Wool. Hop* aud Hides still active and j
firm. £
Cattle. Sh«-ep and Ilo^s unehansed-
Some descriptions of t'oal Oil marked
down.
Butter iu larce puj>ply and still declin
ing.
<^hee*4* and 1-^SKs pohiling tovrartl low
er x»riee«..
SI >LMAKV OF THli MARKETS.
704.000 total "hares sold.
Xew York Bonds.
IT S ref 2« reg..lO4%!L & N unified 4s.lO1
Do coupon 104% Man con gold 4s.lf>5%
Do 8s reg 10»« Mex Central 4s... 72*4
Do coupon 104% Do 1st lno...^23%
Do new 4s reg.130% Minn & St L 4;.. 97H
Do coupon 130% M. K & Texa* 4b.1C2
Do olO 4s reg.lOOii Do 2<3s 86}i
Do coupon 106Vi NR of Mex con 4s 80li
AtVh genTs 103% N Y C gen 8%s.lOO%
Do adj 4s 93 IN J C gen Bs 135%
Atlantic C L 4s. 9S%;Nor Pacific 4-....10SV4
Bait & Ohio 4s..lOS%! Da 8s V,A? %
Do 3%» 9« |Nor & W con 4s.l01
Centralof Ga 6?.112 |OSL -is & partlc.lOlU
Do 1st lnc 92%|Pa conv 3%s.....lO3
Chre & Ohio 4%s.lO8 Reading gen 4s... 102
Chi & Alton 3%s. 8<»H's L t I M con B«.115»i
C B & Q new 4«.1O1 IS L & B F fg 4s. 87%
C>f & FP gn 4«.lKH ) 4tSt Lo'jls SW lsts. 97%
C & NW con 7s. 127 V-'.! Seaboard A L 4s. 84
C R I & Pac 4s. 78%!Po Pacific 4s 95%
'Do col Bs «08j'p o Railway 5s...ll8'4
C.CC & SL*n 4s.*0rt iTex & Pao lsts..J20%
Chi Term Ab 86 JTol. St L & W 4s. PI
Cons Tobacco 4s. S3%!Un1on Pacific 4s. .106%
Colo & So 4s 88%! IK> conv *• 112 H
I l)o pfd I.....) i 86 90
l.OOOCol H.jck C & I 10*i! 10V; 1«U ™*i
KWjCoIo Southern .. 2:;%! 2^^ii 23>i 33%
10U Do in pfd 57 I 56>il W4| Win
, Do M pfd :{5v 8 i S5 *-i! ;{5^«i :tr '**
.(.SCO Cotifoliuaied Gas 21S 21«i |218%|220
S.3(W|O0&t T.ib Co pfd. 12a l i 12S% U20 ]13<>
27,^0 Corn 1'ioducts '. . 24i*| 20^,1 22^i| 22%
L300! Do i'fd 80 I 70 79H w
24.1Or.,Uel & Hudson.. l.S'JV-lSS :l8»Vi 'lSU'.i
i<x»d l & w :a | 33% 32" Xi
1.7f0;D A; It <i 34* 4 | 32^| :!4V4 .!4»i
800 Do pfj I 87>. 4 ! 85Vs 8»i»i M^
Dfsll&I-'t D..| ; 24 25
' L80G!I>ctroit I7n Ry..' 76 75?J 7. r iTi| T'"«
.^*.<;i>eiroit Southern 'W,i 5>.j « 7!i
l.SCOi Do uM 14 i 10'j 14 J4!i
Diamond ilatch 137* a 140
4.2.0 I>is SeourKies. ..; 37S Wn " ( »"i :! "'i
! Do ii«,n.3s 75% 7U
l,-«X'.Du:uth S B & A. 13% 13 • 13% 13%
S.10OJ Dj pfd 227 t 2'J-i 22»« 22-"i
25.b00|Erie 41 40S 40'4 4O--6
2,900] Do 1st pid... . 73%( T.1% ~X% "A'a
1,6001 1«) 2d pfd I SC'ti 58 % M?i M
E&TH Cl MVi
! Do t>fd I SO 85
IGeu Chemical .., ) 4!» 55
1 Do pH I (¦!« 97'i
4,s(WGen KJectric ...,181 176% I7t»% 181 .
Oreta Xt-rth pfd.j l»l 19«
lOreea Cons Ci>p. i 24% 24%
Havana Tob Co 2S!* 2i»V4
Do pfd : 40 41
iHocklnz Valley ! 92^ 93ft
I Do pfd 89^ fiO
17,3n<t ! IUinoi3 Central.. 152% 14!)% 151 Mi 1M%
1.1Oi> Internal! Paper. 20 19% l'.»>i 20
Do »f d 7S 79
llnternatl Power 59*4 C0>i
7i>»Internatl l^imp. 41% 40V a I 414s 4\\ 2
900J Do pfd 85 84 | 85 85»4
3.S'»0 Iowa Central ... 33 TO% :t2Vi .TJVj
«.1OO; Do pfd 59H 55> s 57** 5S
!Kanawha & M. :!5 37
!K O Ft S*Mpfd 82 8m 81 SIVi
7(X»'K C Southern... 20 s i T.0 30 Va 30«*
700i rK>pf<l ..:.... i 55 51 «i 53T4 54
Keokuk & D M.. 15 • 17"4
Laclede <!as p.'d '• 97 100
2.«K;.L E & West I 3S»i 37 38^ 88V4
! Do rfd 1102 101 101 102
ILong-IsJand f 1 62*4 P2%
7.«0i» L & N !1S7U|136^ 136% 137
2,200. Manhattan .. ..164"r*lG3 1C3% 164
J Mar. hat tan Bch 80% 61
2,'fKrMetroj)jl Secur.. $'2y, 81% 82% 82 U
5.2O0M«>tropol Bt Ry. 124^ 123 123^s 1^V4
8, WXi Mexican Central! 21 20% 20** 21
iMiiin & St L 61^4 62
I Do let pfd ..-'1 94 US
LSOOJJI StP & S S Mi !»2"4 92 92% 93
2>X>, r>r. pfd US\ 14S 147 148
6.400,Mo Kan & Texas! M 35^ 35fi 35 7 6
1.000 Do pfd | 04 63 Vj <**Vs 63%
2S,50tvMii«souri Pacific. J109 1 ; 10SH lWT^ 109
jNai'h C &'.St L. 133 136
C00 National LrfNid .. 23 24% 24*4 24H
2«X>; I>o pfd | 97ig 97Vi 87 !»"',
!XHR of Mex pfd 43 41%| 41 U 41%
5.700 'National Biscuit.! 62*4 62H B2ti 52"4
] Do pfd ...113%
N J Central ...193U191
709JN Y Air Brake. 148 143*)4 146% 147'4
S,400}N Y Central ... 137Sill36«i 136% 137V*
N Y C & St L. 44 ?4 40»)n 43% 44
Do 1st pfd 115 120
200 Do 2d pfd ... 77% 76% 77% 77%
|N Y Dock 12 15
N Y N H & H 1»5% 198%
1.300fN Y Ont A W. 43% 43% 43% 43%
2,3»iO; Norfolk 4- ¦ West 75% 74H '74-% 74%
I Do i,fd 90 95
6fK» Korth American. $)*% 98 «S% 98%
1.200 Northern Secur.. 118H 117% 118 1*8^4
iOmaha 150 152
I Do pfd ISO. I'M
O S L 4 S 104% '104 %
... Pacific Coast 7S 79»4
Do let pfd , 100 105
Do 2a pfd 83 84
51 .000 Pacific Mail ... 53% 49% 50% 51%
44.000 Penn R R Co.. 137% 1371.* 137V* Vi7%
3.400, People's Gas ... Ill 110 110 HOVi
Pere Marquette.l 75 80
... P C C & St L.I 74 75%
Do pfd 102 104
700 Pressed S Car.. 35 84% 34% 35
Do pfd 83 83 Vi
IPuUmao Car Co 250 280
l.COOlRy S Springs Co 31% 30*4 31 31*4
200j Do pfd 86?i S6T4 86% 60%
11. 20-0 Reading ... ...76% 7«Vi 76 76%
1.100, Do m pfd ... 89% S8 S8Vi S8%
2<K) Do 2d pfd ... 80'^ 80% 80% 80%
l.aoORppublic S & I. 16T* 16% 16% 16%
2 200'i Do pfd 64 63 60% 00%
400'Rubber Goods .. 24% 24% 24% 24%
Do Pfd 85, S7
600 S Shef S & I Co 64 61% Cl f.l^
.......I Do. pfd 97.. ,99
l.OOO'st J & G I 16% 16 16.. 16%'
I Do 1st pfd ... 55% 54% 54 .55
l.ioo! Do 2d pfd ... 2«% 26% 20% 26%
lOO'StL & ST"lBt pfd 77% 77*4 77%i.77'i.
2 lt« StL & SF 2dpfd «!»% CS% &* C9'i
S.llK.Rt L & S W. 2H% 2S 23 25%
3,400 St L & SW pfd.. M 52% 62% 53
<X),ttOO,Southern Pacific. 66% Oti 66%i 66%
2 1W South Pac pfd.-. 117 116% 116%[n6%
11.1 00! Southern Rail .. 3CV4 33% S5% 36
1,300 South Rail pfd.. 96 »5% 95%| W5
(Standard Oil ... ..... . C44 • J646
(Stand R & T 2% 2%
3.70OTenn C & 1 73% 72% 72% 73
H.ftoOiTexas P L T Co 37% 39
9,300lTexas Pacific ... 37% 37% -"7% 37%
...'.Third Ave 131 |132
2C0'Tol StL & W... 30% 30% 30% .-51%
lOCiTol StL & W pfd 49% 49% 49% 50%
300;Twin City R T. . 107 100% 106%!l07V4
flOO'Twin Ci^RTpfd 9% 9% 9% 10
!Union B & P »U 1©
nOO'L'nion B & P pf d 72 70 70% 72
25.200'Union Pacific ... 118% 112% 112%!1VJT»
lOOUnion Pac pfd 84 95%
U P Conv 4s 113Vi!li:»%
irtiited Copper 5 7
!Un R of SF • 17 17%
1,700'Cn R of SF pfd 61 62
100O S C I Pipe... 16% 16% 16 16%
100'rS C I Pipe pfd 71 71 71 .72
|U S Express 85% bh
'35 2W f S Leather .... H«4 13% 14Vi 14%
ftwOO S Leather pfd 1)4 92% 83*5 «g
...:.. .[US R & C pfd 79% 79%
3.10(> XT S Rubber 31 3U*
l.«)0 ! U S P.ubber pfd 8J% "83 v<,
S8.600O S Ste*l Cor .. 27>4 26% 2. • 27%
SL1OOJ08 Steel Cor pfd 8«» 85% 85» 86
Chem Co 42;4 42V4 42Vi 42%
"iM'V^Car C Co pfdllW 113 112 113
s.ioo'wabash ~~> , -*3 :i^ % 6
5,40O!Wabash pfd ... 47% 46*4 4^ 47?g
IWabash deb B's. 6. % es
IWells-Fargo Ex 23i 245
4C0Western i:nlcn.. 92vi 91 J?| »?% »3
2,300 Westinghouse ..177 Ii4% 1 a<t t } '*'?*
'Westing 1st pfd. .;... ..... 190 195
•>"00'Wi 1-E 22 20 22 22%
..:::.V & lb m »>fd 4» «% 4RVi #>
1.300! W & LE 2d pfd 32 29 31% ,2*
8fj*)WIs Central ... 24 2?-*i 23% 24
SOOlWis Cent #4 .- «% 46% 46% 47
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 12.— Receipts. 600;
market steady. Native steers. $3 75g6 50:
native cows and -heifers, - $1 50<g4: stockers
and feed ere. ' $2 25@4 25; bulls. $1 75@3 RO;
calves, ?2 f 5(rg*: ¦••Western- •¦ steers, I f3@4 75;
Western cowr, $1 50^3. 50. . .
HOGS— Receipts, 0O00; market 0@10c lower;
bulk of sales, ' 9$ 7r>®5. Heavy, «4 »r>@5 05;
packers. S4 S5@5;.pl£s .and lights, |4 40@4 85.
SHEEP — Receipts, none; steady. ¦
- "• T : Omaha. < •
BOUTH -OMAHA,- Nov. ; 12. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts,. 40&? market unchanged. Native steers,
!54©6 25; cows and heifers, S2 50^3 85; West
eni steers. ?2 90&i S5;' Texas steers, f2 75^
3 75; .range C6ws and heifers, . $2 50@3 85;
cannersi $1 75(^2 75; stockers and feeders,
$2 25(^4; calves', ?2 50S3 50.' bulls, stags, etc.,
$1 75@3 85. .. ', .
HOGS — Receipts, 9,500: market lOo ¦ lower.
Heavy, $4 77 l a@4 SO; mixed, $4 77^.0)4 82%;
light. $4 45«*4 S7%; • pigs, , $4-2S®4 75; bulk
of sales. $4 77H04 82Vj.. •
SHEEP — Receipts, none; market steady.
Kansas City.
CHICAGO. Nov. 12. — CATTLE>— Receipts,
800; market steady. Good to prime steer3,
f6@7; poor to" medium, "~?3 60®5 ~5; stockers
and feeders, $2@1 10; cows, $1 75@4 60; heif
ers, ?1 7fx55 40; canners, $1 25^2 40; bulls,
$2 70®4 75; calves, $3 50@"; Western steers,
|3@r> an. ¦ • ¦
HOGS— Receipts, 16,000: Monday, 10.000;
market 5c lower. Mixed and butchers. $4 SO
@5 10; good to choice heavy, $5@5 07H:
rough heavy. ?4 70®4 60: light, $4 fcO@5; bulk
of sales. »4 85@4 95.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000; sheep and lambs
steady "to lower. Good to choice wethers, $4 35
dii 75; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4 25;
"Western . saeep, $3 25<g'4 95; native lambs,
$4 25(56 25; Western lambs, ?4 50(g5 45.
Chicago.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — "|U S Steel pfd 85*;
CalL loans 2®3| Wanting- Common. 8U
Time loans 4@5! Mining —
Bonds — | Adventure 'Vt
Atchison 4g lOliiiAUouez 18 : U
Do ad I 4s 93 »i JAmal Copper .... 74-^
Railroad;* — {Amer Zinc 13
Atchfeon S7*»:Atlantic 20%
Do pfd 1025i!Bingham S5»f»
Bot-ton & Albany.2."2 'Calumet' & Hecla.651
Boston & Maine.l<54 Centennial 31%
Boston Elev 153 Copper Range 71
Mex Central 20^ Daly West 11%
N Y, N H & H..195>4|Dom Coal t>5V&
Union Pacific ...112% Franklin 15
MiacellaneouE — (Graney ........ 3 B-16
Amer Arge Ch<*m. 20 Isle Royal© 81 %
Do pfd 81 | Mass Mining 7»i
Amer Pnfu Tube. 6 | Michigan 10'£
Amer Sugar i45%Mnhawlc 55
Do pfd 139 I Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Tel & Tel. 143 ',*; Old Dominion 27
Amer \Vooien ... 17%|Osceola «5
' Do pfd 86 | Parrot 30«i
Dom Iron & S.. lStJlQulncy 113
Ed E7ec Ilium.. 243 Shannon .. 8
Gen Electric 179\s Tamarack 13S»4
Mass Electric .. 13H|Trinity 17%
Do pfd 55 WU S Mining 24^
Mass Gas ! 41J.il U S Oil 1ft
United "Prult 105H! TIta h .44
TJn Sho« Mach... t>4 Victoria 8
Do pfd Rl%|Winona 12<i
U S Steel 26% I Wolverine 104
Adam? Con 20| Little Chief ©3
Aiice «0|Ontario 3 50
Breece 12|Ophir 2 »)0
Brun* Con "09 Phoenix 16
Com Tunnel €»: Potofl Ofi
Con Cat & Va... 1 50|Savage 18
Horn Silver 1 5o| Sierra Nevada 2}
Iron Silver 1 1)5 1. Small Hopes .... 28
LeadvilJe Con 02! Standard •' 1 S5
Xew York Mining Slocks.
C F & I 5s 82t.4.| t7 S Steel 2d 6s.. 67%
Den & Rio G'4s.l"IHiWabash lsts ....'.117^1
Erie prior lien 4s.l<ll'O Do deb B «S
Do gen 4s 91^41 W & L Erie .4s... 92
F w & D C lsts.HO%|Wis Ctntral 4s... 92H
Hock Val 4}^8.V. 110^1
Heads Are Broken .in Con
flict Between German and
Italian Scholars in Vienna
CATTLE, 'SHEEP AND HOGS.
SONGS CAUSE
STUDENT RIOT
Rye. bushels 5,000 75,100
Barley, bushels 136,400 65,000
•Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— On the Produoe Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
< 'reamerifs, 10(?i21c; dairies, ,15@21c. Eggs. •
steady. 17*>s$?2t>HsC at mark. Cheese steady,
10Vi@llc. ... ..¦..' .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Jb. in 100-lb bagi-
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed. 6 25c'
Powdered. 0.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse
6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners' A, tic-
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 0.6Oc; Golden c'
5.40c; "D,"' 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; halt
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos,
8c per lb. No orders taken for less than aev
enty-flve barrels or Us equivalent.
COAL OIL— Extra Star and Eocene are
i. : f£ r } OU - ln cases - 19^»; Astral, lane;
Star. lO^c; Extra Star. 22Hc; Elaine. 26c;
Eocene Jl^c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 16c; in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases. lO^c; 86-degrea Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— Sic per gallon ln cases and
75c in drum* and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead JUa
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7tfe<7%c according
to quantity. *
40c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c"
Bakers' AA, cases, {1 10® 1 12; Lucol, 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, ca.tcs
•>5@S0c per gallon; Cocoa nut Oil, in 'barrels
68o for Ceylon and 55c for Australian- extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter WhaU
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 73c: No. 1 Lard Oil 65e
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoo't Oil'
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oi
40c * Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil 37c- raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c- raw Paint
Oil, 31c. *"»"»«
Turkeys were received and met with prompt
sale at 20®21c per lb for No. 2 and 25<@26c for
prime stock.
Game was firm in sympathy with Poultry
and Teal and Widgeon Ducks were quoted
higher. : .? .»
j^OULTRT— Live Turkeys, 16@18c for old
and "Jl@23c per lb for young; Geese, per pair.
$1 50®2; Goslings. *2®'J 25; Ducks. $4 50@5
per dozen for old and $S07 for young; Hens,
54 S0@5 for small and $5 5O@6 for large; young
Rooster*. $f.@5 50: old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fry
ers, $4@4 50; Broilers. $? 50®4 for large and
$2 5O0X for email; Pigeons, |1 50; Squabs,
$2@2 25.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $3@7 50 per dozen:
Canvasback, $.5@8; Teal, $2 50@3; Sprig, $3@4;
Widgeon, $2©3; Red Heads, $2@3; small
Ducks, . $1 50®2; Gray .Geese. J3@4;
White Geese $1 5*32; Brant. $1 75@3: Honk
ers. $3@5; Snipe, $3 for English and $1 50 for
common; Doves. $125; Hare, $1 75; ¦ Rabbits,
$2 for Cottontails and $1 00 for Brush.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
I. Poultry and Game.:
As usual on Saturday the receipts of.Poul-'
try.:were .very light, and as the market had
previously been bare there was continued firm
ness in all descriptions and very little left on
band at the closa. A f«w odd lots of dressed
' BAGS — Grain Bags, $5@6 29; San Quentln,
f4 60; Wool Bass, 30032c; Fleece Twine, 7%c;
Fmlt Bags, 6%@7%c for white and 7c for
:• 'brown Jute.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per; ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 80: Bryant. $6 60;
" Beaver Hill, $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay,
$. r > CO; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13 in
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. IH; Welsh . Anthracite Egg. $13;
-Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke,
' $ll»"JOijl.'S per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 50 per short
ton.
OILS — Linseed Is 2c - lower. Quota
tions ui for barrels; for ' cases
add Cc; Linseed, 51c per ration for. boiled and
General Merchandise.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
29
ADVEUTISEiLENTS; <~w-s
osoeeeeeooooQGeeooQoeoooQoaeecmooasceca
I $15.00 FOR A CUREI
g OF ANY DISEASE OR WEAKNESS ©
At the request of numerous appli- q
5 - — ~4?"^^^. cants to place our fee within their 0
y^^^/f^'^ySStew^'vbk. reach we have decided to make a spe- Q
Jffi' <^^^§a^W^S?k rial rate for treatment, good until De- O
/Kf ir%^^^m V^SW ccmbcr i, 1904, and while the offer &
$y 1 ]a; " 5s ui!1 givc a writtcn K uaranlcc lo c
Mil /^^ ••^S^S 1 '!^ '"I ft AU Disease* and *Weakne««e» of Men. ©
t'l J *. %\IW>&f II such as I»o«t Vicor. Premature Decay,©
l',\\ Cn,7\ l^yjHr II Nervous DebUity. Tumors. Varicocele. 3
V'H XS^ \y ' Qr //fl Stricture. Contracted Ailments. Eczema. Q
W\ M$h* t~ ZL i/M Slecplestsness. Bheumatism. Neuraleia. g
•ftSi ' v^A. IB Kidney Diseases. Bladder Diseases. Spine 2
m, Al S^Jf^ M Diseases. Heart Diseases. Skin Diseases, 9
-9*-s. /^J&£F$M& Stomach *Disea,ses. Kectal Diseases, etc. 9
liK-NV JGSuiS&Zffla or Any TXncomplicated Ailment for a fee Q
£2+t&&&%2&y%r of only S15.00. Blood Poison $25.00. 9
Xo uhyslclan with an caAablished reputa- Q
tlon has ever before dven the public such a Q
pertcrcjus proposition and you should not let
~ It pass you by. . . q
Z REMEMBER— Cures Guaranteed or Money Refunded. ' •
O .. We make no charge for a friendly talk or correspondence. "We have O
(9 been exclusively treatlnc special diseases of men for 17 years.' Nothing: q
Q . science can devise or money buy Is lacking In our offlce equipment, g*
en w * wl " use you honestly, treat you skillfully and restore you to health JJ
z: in the *h*»rteFt time, with the leaet medicine., discomfort • and expense 9
¦J* r r '"a<-'tlcai)!fc. We Ruaranue to cut* any case we undertake. One personal Q
"• # visit is always preferred, but if you cannot call at our office write your A
«j-nipton:s fully. Many cases can be cured at home. FREE BOOK at A
office or by mail. if
2 DR MOLSMAN S CO Xo*ar».9to8Daily:Snnd»y9toXa.-#
AD VERTISKMEXTS.
GP TO GOLDFJELD
Shipping! $2<V> to $67CO ore. Goldfleld Rex Co.
owns 140 acres, assay offlce. chemical labor*- ¦
tory founders' shares 5c. Sworn statements.
-Lansfoxd Butler. 8«e*r. 506 Mac* Block.
Denver. Colo. •William Harris, a colored youth, who
stole a pair of shoes from a wagon on
Kearny street, said that he arrived here
a few days ago from Cincinnati, to be
"in at de races."
"Oh, you're a race follower?" re
marked Judge Mogan.
"Not 'zackly, yo Honah," was the re
sponse. "Dat am. Ah means ter say
dat Ah cudn't follah de races befo*
dey begin. Ah've , follahed races, to be
suah, but en dis yah case Ah'm per
cedin' dem."
"Well, they will be a month ahead of
you by the .time you get out of jail,"
said his Honor. :
"Ah'll tryter ketch up wif dem,"-j
grinned Williams.
Chief Wittman has issued instruc
tions to all officers to arrest any per
son or persons violating . the ordi
nance prohibiting poolselling outside
of the race track. Yesterday seven
arrests were made and the defendants
were booked at the City Prison. They
were William Smith, Union Square
avenue; John Brown, Montgomery
street; Harry Thorn, Leidesdorff
street; Joseph Meyers. O'Farrell
street; Charles Rupert, Sutter street;
L. Allen, Ellis street, and William
Bell, O'Farrell street. They were re
leased on bail. /,: ;
Accused of PoolselUnjr.
- Throwing millstones at men Is not
the sam*- thing as giving them flour.
All a man needs is a little common
sense and a lot of the uncommon kind.
they be forced to leave San Francisco?
If they are honest and industrious they
w ill find means of earning a livelihood
h*re sooner than they could find it
anywhere else. This is a very good
town for decent boys to get along in.
If those two boys depart from decency
they will quickly be here- again, and
then will be time enough to depot i
them. They are dismissed, and I hope
they will be aided instead of retarded
in their endeavor to obtain work."
The little chaps assured the Judge
that his confidence was not misplaced.
all the, amatory correspondence she
appeared as a victim of chronic im
pecuniosity. Almost every letter sent
by her to him contained an appeal for
pecuniary aid — or, as he orally termed
it, "an attempt to touch." The cums
thus solicited varied from $5 to $115.
Accompanying her request for the lat
ter amount was an alternative. She
wrote from Seattle:
"If you don't send me money to pay
my bill of $115 here I will go to Nome
City with a gentleman who offers to
pay it. But I love you best, honey
dearest, and would prefer to have you
settle it."
On another occasion she wrote from
her home at 2419 San Bruno avenue,
this city:
"Honey Sweetest — The wind is
blowing something fierce and it makes
me think of you. My darling honey,
I would love to see you, and wonder
if you want to see me. You know you
told me that you loved. me. Were you
joshing when you said that? Come
to me, honey sweetest."
The complainant's warm Latin tem
perament found untrammeled ebulli
tion in his messages to the girl and he
used crimson ink. His spelling, how
ever, was hardly less "fierce" than the
wind that made her think of him. Her
age was quoted at 17 years, but she
looked to be in the early twenties. Ha
seemed to be on phe shady side of
40, and his appearance and manner
served to enhance the mystery at
taching to the young woman's pro
fessed infatuation. He is an Italian
restaurateur.
Judge Cabaniss continued the hear
ing till next Saturday, when hand
writing experts will examine the con
tract which the defendant claims to
have no recollection of signing. Her
attorney hints at forgery.
Miss May Adams proved that she
did not participate in the robbery of
John* Collins by Miss Nettie Mason
one night last week on Sixth street,
but ere she could leave Judge Mogan's
courtroom a year-old bench warrant
was flaunted in her face and to-mor
row she will be sentenced on the vag
rancy charge which she eluded a
twelvemonth ago by forfeiting her $10
bail and fleeing to Seattle.
"Well, wouldn't that jar anybody?"
she exclaimed when the bailiff showed
her the antique order of arrest. "Mer
cy 1 ! I think you folks might let by
gones be bygones., I suppose if I'd
stayed away a hundred years I'd be
pinched when I came back. Don't
you folks forget anything?" .•
She was still conversing with her
self when the next case was well un
der way. '
Tom Daly not only denied that he
threw rocks at the windows of his
Uncle Patrick'3 residence On the 3$00
block of Folsom street, but averred
that said windows were broken* sev
eral years ago by Uncle Patrick him
self. To which Uncle Patrick retorted
by displaying a number of large
stones, which, he declared, had been
cast into his house through glass that
had been unfractured until that mo
ment. Then the defendant's wife
stood up in court. and. exclaimed that
if any window smashing Was done she
was the person who did it, but the
gospel truth was that Uncle Patrick
had trifled with truth. In her opin
ion Uncle Patrick's penchant for pre
varication was a gitt, as it was too
strong to have .been acquired. It
must have been born with him, she
declared, and thank goodness, it did
not afflict any of his relatives, either
by blood or marriage. The lady was
still speaking when Judge Fritz re
moved a supporting hand from his
forehead and told all the Dalys to go
home.
Miss Aileene Hill, putative daughter
of Melpomene, scored one when '¦ she
caused the arrest and detention of
Tomaso Felepedas on the charge of
vagrancy. She was accused of having
stolen a diamond ring from Romeo
Hale and giving it to Tomaso as a
token of her .undivided affection, and
Tomaso swore that he had never seen
the bauble. .Then she swore to a re
taliative complaint, alleging that
Tomaso was a vagrant and soon after
ward it was whispered to the detec
tive that another search of the apart
ment which had been jointly occupied
by Aileene and Tomaso in the 800
block of Howard street might result
more successfully than the former
quest of the ring. The hint was acted
upon and the ring found in a bureau
drawer. • Romeo will recover his prop
erty, of course,- and-it will remain with
Judge Mogan to decide whether
Aileene is a thief and Tomaso a va
grant. \
-Aileene says that although she re
ceived a thorough training for the
dramatic stage, the short-sighted
managerial policy of the Frohmans
and the Belascos and the Moroscos has
compelled her to confine her his
trionic efforts • to minor theaters,
whose stars are not "featured" as they
would-be In more. pretentious houses.
That and not any lack of acting ability
oij her part is the cause of .. her com
parative obscurity in the profession.
But she has hopes. .
Patrolman . Maloney, whose special
official function Is to prevent human
somnolence in Union Square, bagged
no less than five sleepers in a bunch
last Friday afternoon. When he en
tered the square at Its southeast cor
ner, ho averred, his ears were assailed
by a dissonant chorus of snores and
following the sound it led him to the
northwest corner, where he found the
quintet in unconscious operation. His
catch embraced one jockey, one deck
hand, one horse trainer, one paper
hanger, and one hotel steward — or, at
least those were the vocations claimed
respectively by the defendants. Each
of _ the men entered the same plea —
that he sat down to rest and was lured
to" the hug of Morpheus by the sight
of another person wrapped in slum
ber. ¦ Judge Mogan vainly endeavored
to ascertain who was the first of the
five to fall asleep and start the infec
tion and then dismissed them all with
a warning.
Roy Brennan and Fred Pulven, 17
year-olds, were arrested as suspicious
characters, but the police failed to con
nect them with any offense more seri
ous than \ that of arriving here as
brakebeam' tramps and having neither
employment nor money, and suggest
ed to Judge Mogan that he order them
to leave the. city. After Interrogating
the lads the Judge declined to adopt
the suggestion.
"I don't see why. these boys should
be compelled to resume tramping." he
said. "They came here from the East
to; find .\ employment, . they. Bay,.. and
their appearance and 1 . manner do 'not
belie their statement. Now, why should
Mr. Parra not . only acknowledged
the once tender attachment alleged by
the young woman, but incidentally
produced' documentary evidence that
proved.it.' In missives written by him
she was playfully addressed as "Van
derbilt" and her saccharine appella
tions for him ranged from "Honey
Sweetest" to "Tikey-Wikey." It was
not because of her material wealth
that he called her "Vanderbilt," for in
Miss* Gladys Freeman's old gold
coiffure was surmounted by a heavily
plumed brown .velvet picture hat as
she sat upon the witness stand in De
partment No. 2 of the Police Court
and declared that Louis Parra of
231 Oak street gave to her for perma
nent keeping the two diamond ear
screws which he subsequently alleged
she had embezzled from him. The
feathers of her headgear were a-flut
ter while she vehemently denied hav
ing willfully -signed a paper purporting
to be a contract pledging her to re
store the jewels to Mr. Parra at any
time he 'should demand themi And
her. white silken shirt waist palpitated
the emotion that possessed her as she
told • of the relationship that once
existed between the complainant and
herself. Her mother, whose severe
black costume and iron gray hair, ac
centuated by contrast the garishness
of the defendant's apparel, also pro
nounced Mr. Parra an unqualified pre
varicator.
Baldwin & Howell report that the
first street in their new marine view
district, called "Sutro Heights Addi
tion,'" to be sewered is Forty-eighth
avenue, from Fulton to C street. Felix
McHugh has the contract for this
»vork, l'j be done according to specifi
cations of the city authorities. The
grading of streets and lots to the of
ficial line is making good progress.
After gas, water and sewer mains have
been laid Baldwin & Howell will sub
divide the preperties in sizes and, on
terms to suit purchasers. Their new
branch oflice is to be located on Forty*
ninth avenue, corner of Fulton street,
north of Golden Gate Park, being a
prominent corner on the electric car
line.
The following sales are reported by
Oscar Heyman: To Louis Ferrari, 25x
150, on the south line of Precita ave
nue, 275 east of Alabama street; to
George Boreham, lot 25x125, on the
west line of Cheneiy street, 175 north
of Randall, to August C. Bott. lot 75x
125, in the Alvin Tract, Elmhurst; to
J. C. Lawrence, lot 25x75 and' cottage,
on the south line of Twenty-fifth, 100
east line of Vermont, $3250; to Anna
Holmes, lot 50\il5, on the east line of
Uncoln, 150 north of Twenty-third; to
T. Batalio, 50x?0, on the west line of
Manchester, near Stoneman; to
Charles Leis, 25x240, on the west line of
Girard, 100 south of Silliman; to F.
Eohm, 25x240, on the west line of Gir
ard, 150 south of Silliman; to C. A.
Timms, four lots in the Mission Home-:
stead Extension; to C. H. Dyson. 60x
120, on the west line of Girard. 100
north of Felton; to S. B. Vernon. 25x
160, on the west line of View avenue,
near Twenty-second street, and u6:8x
104, on the east line of Corbett avenue,
near Falcon street; to T. Bagely, 25x
125 and cottage, on the south side of
Thirtieth, 25 west of Harper. $2500.
George E. Uelvel, for several years
with Lyon & Hoag, has become a
member of the William Cranston Com
pany.
HOUSKS AND LOTS.
The following sales are reported by
Sol Getz & Son: Lot 25x120 feet on the
east line of Forty-sixth avenue, 200 feet
south of H street, to P. F. Dailey and
E. T. Jacks; 25x120 feet on the north
line of O street, 57:6 feet east of Forty
seventh avenue, to Frank Bandereon;
25x120 feet on the west line of Forty
sixth avenue, 125 feet south of U street,
to Edith O. McCoy; 50x100 feet on the
south line of H street, 82:6 feet south
of Forty-seventh avenue, to Cuyler
Lee; 25x100 feet with improvements on
the north line of Richland avenue, 775
feet east of South avenue, to John F.
O'Keefe; 25x120 feet on the west line of
Forty-seventh avenue, 250 feet south of
H street, to J. H. D. Ffldbusch.
An auction will be held by G. H.
Umbsen & Co. on Tuesday. Among the
probate and miscellaneous properties to
be offered at 821 to 325 Turk street. 1779
Fifteenth, 309 Castro, lot 55x137:6 feet
and residece at 1408 McAllister, north
west corner of Seventh avenue and.C
street, two lots on C between Eighth
and Ninth avenues, 2717 and 2719 Twen
ty-fourth, lot 26x100 feet and cottage at
1320 York, 25x114 feet and two-story
house at 406 Thirtieth.
It is rumored that the Oceana Hotel
property, on the east line of Mason
street. 100 feet south of O'Farrell, has
been bought by Louis Friedman from
William Helblng for $240,000. Negotia
tions have recently been progressing
for the sale of the property.
COMING AUCTION* SALE.
Bovee. Toy & Co. have sold to a client
20x60 feet on the west line of Kearny
street, 92 feet north of Pine street.with
three-story brick building, for $38,000.
The TV. W. Stow estate has sold to the
San Francisco Coke and Gas Company
three-eighths of the block between
Beach. Powell, Jefferson and Mason
streets for $32,625. E. D. Block has sold
to Mrs. Anals Hale 22x90 feet. on the
north line of Sacramento street, run
ning through to Commercial and front
ing on the last mentioned street 47:9
feet, with two buildings, for $32,500.
The building contracts for the week
represent a value in Improvements of
$247,845. Among the larger buildings to
be erected are a five-story and base
ment structure for Christian Froelich
on First and Natoma streets, to cost
$50,000; a three-story brick factory
structure for Payne's bolt works on the
south line of Howard street, between
Spear and Main, to cost $21,500. The
cost of the improvements to be made
by Herbert E. Law on the Bishop
block, at Market and Annie streets, is
stated in an application for the permit
to be $400,000.
The Turri legatees have sold the prop
erty on the southwest line of East
street, 229>* feet northwest of Mission,
45x80 feet, with old improvements rent
ing for $250 a month, for $50,000. to a
client of the Burnham & Marsh Com
pany.
The local realty deals during' election
week were few in number and not
striking in size. The November record
of sales will be swelled to the extent of
$1,151,000 by the confirmation by the
probate court of the bargain for the
Hayward building, that has been sold
to Mrs. "William Kohl. The money has
been paid. The deal also included the
property on Montgomery street that is
covered by the Russo-Chinese Bank. In
this transaction L. C. McAfee repre
sented G. H. Umbsen & Co. as brokers.
Favorable Conditions Fully
Assured by Certainty of
a Settled Public Policy
BY J. C. CRAWFORD.
ACTIVE MAEKET AHEAD
Gladys Is Spurned by Louis
He. Coldly Rejects Her "Honey Sweetest"
and Also Her "Tikey-Wikey."
Election Temporarily Makes
Volume of Deals in Eeal
Estate Relatively Small
SALES FILTER
AS VOTES FALL
ENDEARING SOBRIQUETS
NO LONGER CHARM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904
30
AJPVERTTSjgCgNTS.
W$n(ji$\ <A Sale of $^5-oo Values for $18.50
rllA ifiW* \ Stunning novelties in Silk Shirt
/'nf %F**S> \ Waist Suits that we are able to offer at
a very attractive price. The principal
CV U'"W^' mater ' 5al is a P in dot Taffeta< in base
!' ffl I colors of black, brown, navy blue and
// O' red. The trimming scheme includes col-
J/jji M t ored pipings and silk buttons. The skirt
' $> V 'I I is cut ful1 and hangs perfectly> We
yfe \ V are very fortunate in being able to
ivrnl* \^ > ofiFer them at a P rice ' and >' ou wil1
t*^ Jm*\-'T\ be fortunate also if y° n (in rft
M \S,# get one at the special price 01 H hi]
Winter tf C f-l|]fc
Underwear lauta
Specials Leaders
(Women's Imported Black Every department of every
Lisle Thread Hose — Rem- store has a leader — a special
brandt rib — Hermsdorf dye. value upon which it is hoped
Regular 50c quality; spc- to build a reputation. Our
rial, per pair 25c leader in the millinery depart-
' Infants* Cashmere Hose— Silk ment is the $5-°o Hats. Our
heels and toes; all colors; reputation on them has been
sizes 4 to 6. Special at, per made » and now b .v keeping in
p^ r > 25c tbe q ua li tv and offering new
Women's Fine Ribbed Merino styles continually we propose
Vests, Pants and Tights— to eclipse our former success.
Natural color; great special We ask )* our particular atten-
at, per garment 75c tion this wcek to a neu ' lot of
Women's Fine Ribbed Merino drcss and strect hats in fan "
Union Suit— Cream and nat- <T sha P es ' Turbans and Sail-
, . , ors. There is no stinting of
ural color?, an exceptional . . . ,.•,;• • ,t
K trimmings, no slighting in the
value at, per suit SI .50 wor k. You will find the mil-
Children's and Misses' Swiss linery department pleasantly
Ribbed Vests and Pants — located on the third floor.
Cream and natural colors ; ; m
exceptional value at, per Thanksgiving
garment 50c Sale of
Women's Cashmere Hose — LINENS
Black and natural ; merino _
heels and toes; special, per DeginS
pair 50c To-Morrow
ADVEKTISipiKXTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STRIEr, SAN FRANCISCO
, . Adjoining Call Building.
THOUSANDS ARE^
oAllontU
We keep increasing our immense,
trade every year because we treat
the public with /absolute, fairness
— people who buy here once are
sure to return, and in hundreds of
cases they advise their friends to
'"give-iia'a* trial. .We.know how-to
please you perfectly, and remem-
ber we can and do undersell every
Shoe store on this coast. For ex-
ample. Special Leader: Ladies'
swellest creation in Dancing Slip-
pers, made of fine vici kid, with
neat plain toes, hand-turned soles,
high French heels and openwork-
cross straps over instep. Don't pay
$2.00 elsewhere for this same style.
OVS PRICE REDUCED TO . . . . .
• SI .«JO
Sizes 2 ft to 8. Widths A to E.
Patent Kid Five-Strap Sandals
Extremely dressy. To prove
that we undersell all others we
place on special sale this week:
Children's and Misses' Five-Strap
Patent Leather Kid Sandals, made
with hand-turned soles, neat plain
coin toes and dull finished mat kid
tops. Widths B to D. .
PRICES SPECIALLY REDUCED:
Child's sizes'. 5 to S ...Sl.io
Child's sizes. 8^ to 11. . . .Ml.Ro
Misses' sizes. 11^ to 2.... 81.55
MEN'S CHRISTMAS SLIPPERS
Nothing adds more to a : man's
comfort and enjoyment than a
good easy house Slipper; we have
an immense new stock to select
from. • Special this week: Men's
Seal Brown Kid Slippers, made
with pliable turned soles, neat
broad toes, low comfortable heels
and fancy trimming over insteps.
They come in black or brown, and
circular or straight vamps. Sizes
6 to 12. OUR REDUCED PRICE
".;.; Ji5c
WEAR ALASOSEAL SHOES
$3.00— WATERPROOF— $3.51
SPECIALLY MADE FO.V WINTER
mmmm W^I^^9SgKKlSl/BmmmmV ' )
COMFORT JULIETS
Absolute comfort, common sense
and neatness combined: Ladies'
Fine Quality Vici Kid Juliets,
made with hand-turned soles, neat,
comfortable toes and tips, low.
walking heels and perfectly
smooth insoles.- free from tacks
and threads. Price specially RE-
DUCES FOR THIS SAX.E..S1.25
Sizes 2 Ms to 9. Widths C to EE. :
MAIL ORDERS FILLED.
B KATSCHINSKI
I 10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco.
j&BigiL MAGMNS RELIABLE WEAR- M^§^
Jllfyll^ for VVOMENJagd CHILDREN Ja^HI
SPECIAL SALES IN !
THREE DEPARTMENTS
JI&SkfK e arc ncnv lI^" P re P are d to
i@si*&%gffi meet the great demand for
*'"' I 1 9fIi6S Pidifl
Silk Waists
Entirely new Rob Roy style,
£ rnadc of fine quality of soft-fin- \
fished silk, in plaids and checks; 1
WrPR \3^ *^1^^^ colorings of green and blue, red
&^^l#ii^i$ an<^ blue, red and green. Sizes
J4 special $5.75
Sale of Ladies' Cravenette Coats
Absolutely Waterproof. \
A collection of the newest. styles, in olive, castor, \
tan and Oxford— collarless model — full loose effect, ;
plaited back belted — with plaited leg-o'-mutton
sleeves; turn-back cuffs; self-colored but- QiS f\f\
tons; $20.00 value — special v*^»""
Extraordinary Sale of . Ladies' Belts
We have decided to close out our entire line of
high-grade belts, made of sea lion skin, ooze calf, wal-
rus and Heyl Russian- Most of them are lined with
silk and ornamented with inlaid enamel, plain gilt
and gun metal buckles. The line also includes a nura-
ber^of burnt orange calfskin belts, ornamented with
stones, buckles and watch fob attachments.
$2.50- Belts— Now... $1.25 $8.50 Belts— Now. .. $5.5O
$3.50 Beks-Now... J2.0O $ Belts— Now... $6.00
$4.50 Belts— Now... *—— *
$5.50 Belts— Now... $-«75 $12.50 Belts— Now... $7.uO
918-922 Market St. Mo Branch Stores
Our illustrated catalogue will be sent free to out-of-town people t
We are agents for the YPSILANTI KNIT GOODS. Special
V. measurements for made-to-order garments taken by Mrs Ober ' ;
Sole Pacific Coast distributers for the "ARNOLD" goods. ' »
11IVV udlll Uml /rm 11*52
Man tailored and made of extra fine / A Ay
Cravenette. dark gray and olive; four \ M/f). 11 /\\l
box pleats in back; wide belt, new de- SiTT"*^ A>$xk\ Mrflil
signs: sizes 32 to 44- On sale.? 11. oO 1 fli^
$24^0 FOR $3850 TAILORED \"^ / \ U
SUITS— We have collected all our \ I \\\
broken lines of this season's best sell- \ // \ 1
ing man-tailored suits: leading colors \ ijl. \\
including black. If these were not \ /< h [\\
our nv^t popular garments the lines \ m ,/'/!• t . \W
would not be broken. Your \ // •'/( ; l|j !ilV^\
choice $24.50 /!/; j /|ljj i M
$13-75 FOR A $17.50 SKIRT— Voile /fll "l $ j \\ y\\-
skirts, extra quality, silk drop skirts, Vv/I |/|i \ \ vk
made of finest French voile, in walk- fiifMl III 1 Vi \\
ing or dress lengths: box pleated and NM// till Vk \)
handsomeJy trimmed; in black only. ijl\ y
Sale price $13.75 \^l[|i \.J^s^
Great Dress Goods Values I Fonr Strong Specials
BROADTAIL VELVETTA— LADIES' INITIAL HAND-
The latest craze for winter suits. KERCHIEFS— 100 dozen with
children's coats, evening waists, half-inch hem. All prettily initialed
jackets, etc: golden brown, burnt and of fine quality lawn, and ar-
orange. seal, green, olive, emer- ranged in fancy box. You will
aid, win* and black; 22-inch; dol- pay $1.00 for these at Christmas,
lar quality. Sale price, per Our price for box of six. .... .50c
yard 5Dc
IRON FRAME SICILIAN— F oRn K^<SyTnM A TRpQ S^ AN "
For shirtwaist suits, traveling uls- FORD CUSHION TOPS— Some
ters, petticoats, etc.; extra heavy cn ir ely new designs Show your
silk finish, S 2 inches wide. tobaccJ Patriotism. Top and back. . . .5Oc
br T V vi n r v c bIue ' " avy a o n 1 a d ? cp SWISS TOILET SETS— Good
rich black; 85c vame. Sale price. quality Swiss, assorted patterns
P. er >' ard 49c lined with colored cambric, pinked
AN EXTRA SPECIAL — We edges. Scarf and pincushion top,
¦will, offer for sale to-morrow fif- set 129c
teen pieces of all-wool 38-inch nwircc TOTiunurTM^e v 1. •
English tweed suitings, the 60c af 5 R cl S ,? TRIMMINGS— Mohair
kind; per vard .... . 35c d . S T ache t " mmi »K braid « »"
v, . • black, brown, blue, green, gray
An 85c Silk for 50c £ r L an - Rc & ula r lv 2 & and .^c.
/iii o«jv oua iui out- Each piece contains 24 var d s . On
FANCY LOUISINE SILKS— sale Monday, per piece .lOc
In all the new patterns, including
figures, dots and checks in the new filftVPAVn IHEPfK lattice
shades of brown, blue and green;' ULUYfc AINU /rltKC HANDISE
ffl^^3S*?.§5 a . ya . r . d J&c ORDERS ISSUED : ; :
A Good Valne in Bedspreads One From the Curtain Dept.
$i.3S BEDSPREADS FOR q8c $2.00 LACE CURTAINS FOR
—Large sizes, suitable for double $1.48— Arabian Curtains with plain
beds, good heavy honeycomb finish, net centers, 3% yards long,
spread, well worth $1.35. Spe- pretty Grecian borders, a $200
cial O8c curtain for ..91.48
FREE EMBROIDERY LESSONS Tuesdays and Fridays from 9
a. m. to \2 m. Expert teacher.
No charge whatsoever. .STAMPING DONE FREE on all materials
purchased here. Our stock of embroidery materials, 'wool yarns, silk
and linens, Battenberg braid, silk cords, hoops, Bstttenberg patterns
etc., is now complete.
?jy AT>yERTIS£>lE>TTS.
>=§i§|y|l^ Baths with
flyy B3 U Km ftn tni WGm t* 1 \z\ " SI H jmSlm YtJ\
And gentle anointings with CUTICURA Ointment, purest
of emollients and greatest of skin cures. This is the purest,
sweetest, most speedy, permanent, and economical treat-
ment for torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, scaly, crusted, and pimply skin and scalp humors,
rashes, irritations, and chafings, with loss of hair, of
infants and children, and is sure to succeed when all other
remedies fail.
Use CUTICURA SOAP, assisted by Coticura Ointment, for
jvescrvingf, purifying:* and beautifying the skin, for cleansing; the
scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping: of falling-
hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing r.-J, rough, and sore
hands, for baby .rashes, itchings, and chafings, in the form of
baths for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free or
offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcer athre weak-
nesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily
suggest themselves to women and mothers, and for all the pur-
poses of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
33 • Send fcr " All About Baby's Skin, Scalp, and Hair." Potter Drag t Chem. Corp, Bostaa.THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours, ending midnight. Novem
ber 13:
San Francisco and vicinlty- ; — Cloudy
Sunday, probably showers; fresh south
west winds. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster, Temporarily In
Charge. <"
-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FIFTY-FOUR PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13 ? 1904— PAGES 31 TO 42.
Auburn Authorities
Take Wete Into
' Custody.
ACCUSE SON
OF KILLING
HIS PARENTS
Oakland. Saturday, November 12. Weather fine. Track fast. •
T4<*». riRSr~RACK—^Stv^a~ruricirs7~Beinn C ; four-year-olds and usward: to first. <325.
Icceil Horse and Owner. jWt St. V4. SJ. %¦ Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op- Cl
734*'H^ppcna*. a .A. C. Dean) ,110; 3 4 H 4 *i 1 2 1 2^1 2*~ j Holbrook . 4 5
<A1 StattM. i OXcAleBtcr Co.) U05 « SlSh 5n 4U3 1% H.-M:cr.aels 4 10
TS4T K!p-er 4 (W. Listen) 105 1 11 2^3 l';3 i, 4 h Croe^waite . « «
7333 .ttJ'.n-is. i GJodct & Co.). ...",1W| * ~ h 5 2^4^33 54 Bell -•--•¦- . -J X T
I . r. EboxtL 5 (W. McXs.in«s)..!lC0 11 II 4 11 4 a 3 S 2 6 h P. Sullivan , 4 4
t.i« Ac.Mlies, 5 (J. J. McCabe)....ilCS 10 5 n C Wi* h 6^72 Kunz » J-
T-.-.'T M-^rcy B«cic 5 <L,yrca Co.)..:H,- : 2 10 n 7h S2 93 8n Herbert ... o «
tli? iL,. t^h-rnii.n. C <E*::>- &. U>.|l06 S « h 10 2 7 »i " 1 9 3 W. Knapp.. 6 1
.: Vtrnm. i (II. L. Ebansao>.-Jl0»i23 12 12 12 11 2 11 2 F. Hlldbrnd 20 60
;jy.« ,K1 H^rc. a U. S:sT i: t) [iOi, 7 2 h & 2 10 2 12 12 J. T. Shehn 10
Tide. -.rt. 45'-,,, l:15\i. l:2S^i. At post U n-.Jnute. OS at 2:13V4- Htpponax, place. 2; show,
1. Luticn pirc-. 10; eh-.-w. 5. Stunts, thjw. 5-2. Wirier, br. g.. by Piccolo- Lowland
Lttj IVaised by A C Dean Start Jalr. V.'on riiden out.- Balance driving hard.
H^rcEix bttt tidar. Stunts mt'.i: improve. Brennus had worked poorly and his ehow
:r^ wsj t KmOM^ Away better Dr. fchsrb could have won. Sir Dougal did not run
to 1**1» Tt-ork- • ' -_ -«_^w^ J -._ J -»^-^
T4O1. RACE — Futurity course; purse; two-year-olds; value to firat, $325.
ir-Stil liL.rze £j-.d Owner. |W. ( St. hi.. 3 ,j. *i- Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
T... .S13v Er »t;n <rir;r.k-B-orth Co.)..\llo\ 3 ... 4 4 4 5 1H11 IDominicJc. 4 <B-5
Velh4jci <C. T. lieaeiiai!) 101 5 ... & 1%S 2«5 ij 2 e« (KUtjz 5-- -
«;isi:>i VaCF**M <Hra, iU^er).... lol 14 ... In 1 I»j2 1«3 h |W. Knapp. 13 30
«!'n«nt(vd (Kuebelkamp CaT-llW 8 ... 8 2 I % 6 4 4m!McBride ... 4 ?• »
rroiSrSea Air <T. ilcXAurt:** 1lll> 2 ... 2 2 S h 3 Vi 5 \i IJ. Jones... , 4 «-2
O'JZI) O«o. r. lic:;ear (II. Staver). . [iu\ 1 ... 3h2n42 «H (Herbert ... 5 7
e73tt jAIcne laaaen £ Co.h I 9S| « ... 6^64 S4 73 McLaghlln BO «0.
«»sS Edna EuUlvaa <Piedaicc.t 6tbi),I0ti » ... 10 H10 4 7 h 8 2 J. Kelly... 60 100
73C3 : Chestnut 1A. licss> ;1C=,1O ... 91,95 92 92 Reed 2O 40
!ilo(irt<ilaw <C. F. Clark) ilioi 7 ... 7 3 8 5 10 4 10 4 Larsen .... 15 25
«S4 ;Tarcucla Eelle tt.H.m:ir Oo.).llC2;il ... 11 11 11 11 F. Johnson - -5O 100
Tta*. 24H. 43U. 1:11%. At pest SH talsatea. OS at 2:4Si4- Silver.- place, 3-5; iftow 1-3.
Peibitn:. r!a-c«. &-Z; rtcw- 7-10. Voyage, thow. «. Winner, gr. g. by Far*day-Katy
Did. TraAed by F. IV. Dcsa. Start ec<xi. Woo «a«lly. Next three driving h«rrd. Dora
lnick en ulnser avoiied th« early ptee and in stretch got through on the rail. Pelham
Tl'A t*ie 6or=» beatirss next time oct. Sea Voyas« hart a world of speed- • .Fleetwood
can b«»a.t cl.*6i*r fEt«. Sea Air cult. George McXear will <i<> better. .'— -.
T4«>2. TiiIRD RACE — Sii'aad a hai; lurlosgs: eelling; three-year-olds; value to first, >325.
lr.cex Hcr»« and Oft-rer. jWtSt. j*4**i aj. Btr. Eln.l Jockey. Op. Cl.
(CSll).Te'.cphcse (11. A. Ssilta) llOSj 1 ... 3 h 3 «. 2 n -1 h Larsen .... • 8-B 7-5
?i€S8 ,Vhoa Bill <M. G. Eppins-er). .'106 5, ... lh-l>ilh 2 4 Helg*rsn . . 4 5
TOM ;OcjT&he (Sirs. J. CcJrey) 104 J ... 2 1 2 1 3 1^3 4 Fltrpatk .. ¦ 8-5 9-5
7S*O 'Lady AtheHmr fT.HcI^ughln) 964 ... 68 68 45 45 [Herbert ... " 10 v 15
TS1S ,'North West (CliScrd Co.) 9^ 6 ... C 1 5 U 5 h S 7 . R. Butler.. 20 . 10
C*2» iThe IJeutenart (H. Sto-rer).. 109 3 ... 4 U 4 \ C 10 fi 8 W. Knapp. 10 15
6708 ItVUtarU. (Stocktcn E tail*)... 1 99 7 ... 72 74 74 75 IMcBrlde .. 20 30
7366 lEtca C (C. Srocner) 'lOlj 8 ... 8 8 8 S IF. Sclllvan 50 100
Tteie— :2£\. :4%i4. 1:14. 1:21. At poet 2 minutes. O!t at 3:11. Telephone, place. 3-5: show,
1-3. BUI place. 2; show. 4-5. Ocj-rche. ehow. 1-3. Winner, ch c. by Shapfell-Pompa
dcura. Trained by R- A. Spith. Scratched— Bex Elder. Start good. Won In a hard drive.
Tl-ird «-a»i!y. Lar?€n on winner was cut off a coup»« of times, but clung to the rail and
the ground raved landed him first. Ocyrohe looked high and race. will do him good.
Atfccllrg was played some. Eutl<r on North West no excuse. - • _'
T44^3. FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index!. Korse and Owner. i\Vt St. %. *$I %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, \~~tip. cT.
TOST Tr-.- Fretter, a <T. O > Rourke):i0S| 4 1 \ 2 h 3 4 1 h 1 ns ! J. T. Shehn 4 8
7130 ;iir.4oo Princess, a (S. Poik) 105 6 . 7 y. 5 n 4 1^2 1^2 1W\V. SuUivan. 2-2
«T3Ct?).O«car Tolle. 6 (Klundr &. B.),108 9 3 1U1 2 1 1^3 1^3 3 T. Clark... 10 6 <
(7ZC) McunttbaiJc. a (W. Keating), lio' 5 8 Lj 3 1^2 n 4h 41 I Kunz 5 -6?
TElb a (F.JJolican) 10O 3 6 1^9 3 8 4 6 3 5h Herbert ... 10 &
T04>> J. V. Kirby. 5^<G. Strobel).. U2 7 4h 6262 51^64 Haack 4 10
7303 R*d Damsel. 5 'lire. Russell) 110 10 10 1 Th 75 83 75 Holbrook .. 15 25
7MC2 ;1I. Peeress, 5 (lirs. Ccffey).. 10&' 8 2i£4h 6n 72 81 Fitzpatrlck 3' 5
«50 'Silurian. 6 (Laaiasriey Bro.).. 97 1111 "ll 10 2 10 1 8 6 Watson ... 7 13
«740 C. Ballantyne 6 (W. Rndan) 1031 2 5n ni9S 9 %10 % (Sherwood .. 12 . 30
73t* iPenrance, 4 (H. Stover) |100J 1 9 »410 2 11 11 11 IMIUeiiek . ... 13 30
T^ss — :21 :^. .4?*;. 1:15*4. l:2S%t. At post 2 .minutes. Off at 2:29. Fretter; place. 3;
ehow. 8-5. Princ*se, place. 1; ehow. 1-2. Tolle, ehow. 3-2. Winner, ch. b, by Brutus-
Nen'a. Trained ty A. C. R.idey. Scratched — W. R. Condon. Start good. .Won In a
hard drive of two. Third stepping. Sullivan on Hindoo Princess broke.it up- badly,
¦or the nare would have won. dark, on Oscar Tclle. lost all the ground possible. J.
' V. Kirby not at his bett. EUurian can do better with a - competent ¦ rider up. Peeress
will imrrove.
7404. FIFTH RACE — One mile; Opgs!ng Handicap: three-year-clda and up; to first $2410.
Index! Horse and Owser. IWt;st. M,. ~vT. *;T~StrrFln! JockeyT" "opT Cl'.
C113 Gold Money, 4 (Jer.ninn). . .ill6> 8 SH6%61 lh 1*4 Dominick .. 2~* 6-5 -
<672C) Ananias, 3 (J. F. Schcrr) ]107j 1 lh 33 22 3H21 Reed 8 10
6041 , Fossil, 4 (Parker & Thwaites);ill:10 »h8h71 4 h 3 *i Sherwood .. 6 6
(«041> Claude. 4 (M. J. Daly) 123 jH 3 1^7 2^8 1 5n 44 W. Daly... « '9
€137 Capt. Fcree*. 3 O.\ Er.g. St.)ilO6' 4 712hlh2h5i4W. Knapp. 20 8
«3C5 ;BctEban:ier. 3 'F. Skinner). 106 7 10 110n92 72 6h H. Michaels 6 10
6101 :6ac Nicolas. 5 (H. E. RoweU) 108 2 11 In 3', R H • n Herbert ... 6 "1O ,
CT33T) Rotnalu*. 4 <W. Scharetg) . . . 105 9 4n 4h (1^3 S3 Holbrook 60 60
6T44 ;G. W. Trahern, 4 <EumersCo)i 106,12 11 n 9 1 10 2 10 3 9 2% McLaghlin 20 20 •
e726 Wvlria, 5 (El Primero £table>]110j 6 12 H12 3 12 3 11 1 10 2 J. Jones ... 15 25 .
.... ILeila. 3 <C. F. Clark) 102 3 6 *,11 2 11 1 12 3 11 3 Greenfield .. 15 , 16 '
ervil ; Arcade. 4 (W. B. Jennings). 110( 5 5 3 5 1^* % » 2 12 2 Helgerson. J . • •
Gil 'Laococn, 3 (Mrs. Coffey) j 101, 13 13 13 13 13 13 Fitzpatrlck 30 75
TUn*. :25, :t9, 1:14%. 1:40^. At post 3 minutes. Off at 4:05. Money, place. 3-5; ehow,
1-3. Ananias, plac*. 4; ehow,. 2. Fossil, ehow, 6-5. Winner, ch. m. by "Gold 'Crest-
Mcney SDinner. Trained by W. B. Jenninjrs. Scratched — Instructor, Albula. Beau Or- .
taonde. Etart good. Won In a hard drive of six. ¦ Winner was bumped at start by her
•table mate. Dominick <ild some clever piloting when be moved for the front. Ananias
no excuse*. Fosell get away left foot first. Better handled might have won. With
J. instead of W. Daly up Claude cculd have collected. Captain Forsee cut a spread
fcr sir furlongs. He irade life a burden for San Nicholas. Watch Romslne ' when ha
h:ts his class. "Coupled with Gold Money.
7405. KIXTH RACE — Sii furlongs; purse; 3- year-olds and cp; value to first, $325.
lade*' Horse and Owner. I Wt St. hi . H- %• £tr. Fla. Jockey.- .Op. Cl.
7T*<5 ;A. B. Cock. 3 (Stanfield A E.)il03 4 ... 15 14 13 11 J.T. 6eehan " 1(> 7
(WK)]X«tata. 3 «Jennings & Co.)... 100 6 ... 2 % 2 3 2 1^2 1% W. Daly... 8-5 3-4 •
6C73 Rowena, 3 (E. Gaylord) 1P0 % ... 4 h 4 h 3 1%3 14 |W. Knapp.. 12 30
<€221) .'uig*. 3-(J. J. McAlester) 110 9 ... 9 7 h 5 2 4 % H. Michaels - 6 12
C7SV Rrytl RcrJe. 5 (JC. Nealoa). 104 7 ... (h 61 41 54 McFadden . 3 5
Inhlana, 3 (C. T. Hensha!!)... 100 8 ... 10 10 8 ij < 1^ Kunz 10 30
iChristine A. 4(Laaasr.ey Bra);iO6 1 ... Sn 8n 94 71 Helgerson . 15 25
?403 Kesllworth. 6 <H. Stover) ,'110 3 ... 3 % 3 <4 8 3 82 Dominick .. 3 9-2
(T217) Nccis. 5 <Gcr«en City Stablemil 2 ... 5 1 5 % 7 % 9 2 Herbert... 8 15
7362 La Figaro. 4 (West End Sta.)ilO7jlO ... 7 1%9 2 10 10 Sherwood.. 50 150
Tltne :23'£. :48. 1:134. At post 4 minutes. Off at 4:33. Cook, place, 3; 'show. 3-2. Le
toU. place. 2-5; »how, 1-5. Rowena. ehow. 4. Winner, b. c, by Brutus-All Smoke.
Train»-<i t 7 w. L. Etanflelfi. Scatched— Molto. Start poor. Won cleverly. Balanoe
cr.vir^. Cook was bottled vp and the corkage proved all right. Letola hustled too
«r-uch at the start. Rowena ran a smashing good race. So did Judge. McFadden, who - ¦
¦^^-J^C^rf-?^ 'or-, - -*^l*?^ w111 b * ar watchlE *- KenUworthstopped.
74OO. EEVEyTH RACE— 11-6 mlleg; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first." $325.
I - g .!f 1 Hor»e and Owner. jWtjSt. . 14. %. 6tr. Ftal "jockey. ¦ Op. -Cl. \ ¦
!J^?'!r :lle , a ' Or ; %' 3 ~°- Kear°a).j 96 3 13 1 1»41 2*jl ¦% In FT^iullivan T" ~S
*'% \r , yR v y ' tt r ( ? r ; G c™\? ) 1<X) J » * H 3 1 3 3 2 5 ISherwood . 8 . 13-5
.210 Col \an 0 (D. S. Fountain). | 90 5 3 % 2 3*2 5 2 1 3 3 U.-.Fountln .6 9
rvZJvi l ? a' « '" rI "? T l£ * lrc rt"5>.tnft '8 9 8h«Hlt2 4 2%jDomlnick . 4 7-2
y &rtJj%£Z \ <^- H -J :2ell) '-| 10 * =«lH5h 515h5 h Anderson ... : 8 7
JMclEterslnger. 5 (V.ripJit) 107 6 21 3 4 4 iia h fi u, Kuni - « 7
G2& |M«i. Ttnny. 5 Et). 9CB Z{ 7%7 1 % 7 374 $ Kelly"' 10 20
e«5TS Dunganncn. 3 (Knbikmp Co.). 97 7 61 6182 8^ S3 ikcUHdm'" - 4 O
6642 Ink. 4 fLamatney Brti.).... ni 4 7 U 9 999 Wateon " 10 «O
««2» Slleath. Honey. 4 <L-ach & Co ) 102 »m^S,i«" a k
C71 JEvea G. 5 (Mrs. Coff.y). C ..?j^j . " iffggrtekl -8. 6
SAN FKAXCISCO CALL'S BACIXG FORM CHAET
Dominick then went to work in earn
est and in a furious drive wrested the
laurels from Ananias by half a length
In l:40J4, a remarkably clever per
formance.
From far back Sherwood came
Gold Money, from the stable of
Walter Jennings, shouldering 116
pounds and with Dominick as her
pilot, took the Opening handicap at a
tnl!e from a big field yesterday at Oak
lard. Her victory was a decidedly
popular one.
This was natural, for the mare,
coupled with Arcade as an entry,
closed at € to 5, carrying commis
eions enough to sink a Chinese junk.
Ii was not such a bad plum to pick,
eithtr, L£ the first horse earned J2410.
After the long list of entries had un
derpone the hammering out process
there v.-ere thirteen acceptances.
It appeared as thoug-h the big
throng would buy nothing but the
Jemir.gs stable, for the only ones to
receive any sort of consistent support
tiere Fotsil, Ananias, San Nicolas
and Captain Fcrsee. At least half a
dczen of the starters were out of their
class, but the remaining half-dozen
furnished a spectacular Sjnish. reflect
ing much credit on the handicapper.
With only a delay of three minutes
Dick Dwyer released the barrier to a
magnificent start. San Nicolas,
Ananias and Claude showed the way
around the clubhouse turn and into
the back stretch. Soon after this
'Big Bill" Knapp. on Captain Forsee,
had kicked up into second position
and was challenging San Nicholas for
GOLD MONEY IS SIXTH.
With half the Journey traversed
Gold Money was' back sixth in the
bunch, one remove behind her stable
mate. On the stretch turn Captain
Forsee had taken command, but in
racing San Nicolas into subjection, he,
too, had grown leg weary, but was
making a game fight.
An eighth of a mile from the wire
the CaDtain was done and was passed
by both Ananias and Gold . Money.
BY FRED E. 3IULHOLLAXD.
WaESy Brinkworth's Silverskin a Surprise
GOLD MONEY, WITH DOMINICK IN SADDLE,
TAKES OPENING HANDICAP.
RACING SEASON OPENS AT THE TRACK ACROSS THE BAY
BEFORE A LARGE ATTENDANCE IN AUSPICIOUS MANNER
thcw^'s^^Ro^Hv l^' 1 - :4^'s At PS 51 2 -"teute... -Off "at 4:54. Fllle ; d'Or. : plac«. 3,
f« d'Or Jr.S^-S;inl5^h "^' r^Z- 7 * 10 - Van - ¦">•».¦¦ 8-2. Wlnner.tr. m. by Ga-
V&nSriVS* J£?^t ti JS', i Cen »' 0 , n - Scatched-Gtenrtce. Fornwro. Surt bad.
•B^hLiSJ^w, .»fn , it, W S d !ly - SuIIlv *a on winner rode a hurry-up race.
SSt i£t?%£ r rtni f.L V £* J?*- , 11 * ml »»* <1 flre "*'» tr| P-' Colonel Van did
t$» l "&& r ™&£& J J£*!Zj^l^ * lo««r route. ; FIyln e ' Torpeda « uncer-
Continued oa-Fase-Sa. Column 4.
Continued on Pase 33* Column S*
The non-arrival: of several: Chicago
and New York firms the number
of bookmakers down to thirteen at the
first cut-in: --This does not include 1 the
two field ! books S and /one ¦ combination
book. v }'
1 . The following firms. laid : prices: Joe
Harian, St. 'Louis Club.v Billv Eng
strom, New York Club,. Berkeley Club,
Melbourne * Club,' Marcus !.' Cartright,
Eagle Club, Brighton Club,' Emeryville
Club, Donald ' MitchelL « Paul »> Hoffman, :
Floristan ' Club. \ .The ; ring" was packed
TRACK NOTES.
.^•A.,B. Spreckels. master of Napa
stock farm, wai among the early visi
tors to the track. George Berry, su
perintendent of the famous breeding
establishment, came down from Napa
to 'attend the opening Qf the season.
Rancho del Paso was represented
by the presence of Superintendent
John Mackey.
Haramil,* held j a long conversation
with himself after the , sixth ' race.
Forte Ellis begged • him to play An
drew B. Cook, but the price scared
him off. . *
James Hanby, press agent for Har
lem track, is busier than ever these
days. Some years ago he earned the
sobriquet "Busy Jimmy" and now
makes Eddie Dominick's engagements.
F. Hildebrand. who " rode Gil Bias
in, the first event,- is a younsar brother
of the now famous New York rider.
Vic Gilbert holds a contract on the
youngster and predicts a bright future
for him. . i £•
and the . number of , pencllers was not
sufficient to ] supply the ¦ demand.
. : Harry; Froelich said he was not try
ing to win •all; the- mony; in California
first; time out". with' the colors up, and
then -handled S 1500, to a race. .
• Both' the National "News Company
and ¦ the Western Union : ..Telegraph
Company had offices at the track, but
received I no me«sages _ for transmis
sion.'-The former^ company -stated
that • it -would • be open * for business on
Monday. The Western Union Tele
graph Company had no wire from .the
track, but a number of employes were
on the ground - who " took any matter
for: transmission >to a ; station outside
of the race course/ *
v Louis Ezell.; said" Flying : . Torpedo
has grot to'be an unreliable ;old fellow.
The* price 1 " looked '.so mellow though,'
Lou i3 ; could ' not- resist ; betting a cen
tury: ¦.-••,•¦.¦¦¦¦*¦•* ¦:='¦•¦- - ' -.. , -
¦":» Johnny :Lyons and ; Al.^Koenigsberg
booked ; under -r the \ name of the San
Francisco: Club. ¦- ,
" Barney- Schreiber's old ¦ cashier. ': Phil
Royalty, medium of. a -"killing^'
on two occasions :• the ; past ' summer ' at
Chicago, hung fire In the ' last, 4 a • mile
and a sixteenth selling ; run. Backed
from 6down-tO;13 to; 5 favoritism, the
warm one '' ran second to * Fille • d'Or,
which' led from start to ; finish. The
winner was an 8 and 10 to 1 shot in the
ring.. Colonel, Van finished* third.- , Vl
show, honors . from Judge . by half a
length. Kenilworth : displayed some
early speed;, then faded away. • \ ; ..\ *
Silver-skin had warm supporters In
Jim Devine and Si« Bettman. Alec
Greggalns looked on hopefully and
had nothing in his hand that looked
like a ticket. James Nealon was a
quiet spectator, whose mind still dwelt
'on- tax receipts and :• trial j balances.
Percy Henderson was' not betting, but
was there merely for the Joy of the
sport. Jim Neil studied -the card
closely, while over the .clubhouse way
scores of the promoters of the game
of racing stood in groups chatting
pleasantly ¦ of the success of the first
day. . It .was good to hear the gossip
of the 1 track onca more and see the
flash** of keen interest in- the eyes of
men. when the bell tapped or the flag
went up. '"A : noble sport," said the
veteran Mackey to Frank Ryan as
both walked- toward where there is
always that [ which' keeps the spirits
up. "And a noble day - for such a
card," answered Ryan with a caution
glance at* his 'form 'chart.*
forward his gallant steed. When he
had almost, reached the goal the
steamer pulled out and it was a hun
dred to one shot there were more cuss
words flying about the corridors of
the ferry depot than there are Jap
anese shells at Port Arthur.
The first rac« siarted exactly on
time, 2:05 p. nv., and John Mackey of
Sacramento Baid he "never saw any
thing work so smooth before in my
life. , The boys Just moved out beauti
fully. I always' knew Dick' Dwyer
could start something to suit the most
fastidious of us and he certainly start
ed something to-day." Hipponax lent
verisimilitude to what was *by no
means a bald and uninteresting nar
rative.
¦Richard would have given, more
than '. a Kingdom \ for a horse yester
day — that is; a-good horse. And there
were -plenty of good - horses at the
opening : of the racing season at the
Emeryville track* of the New Califor
nia Jockey 1 Club. Money changed
hands rapidly, but the -crowd, keptit
in general circulation. The attend
ance was greater than had been, fore
shadowed. The grand stand , was filled
to overflowing, the clubhouse well pa
trcnized, while the little boxes of the
bookmakers were besieged by-thou
sands whose pockets bulged .with- dol
lars, as did their bank notes, , with
"the real dope." ;.
It was a- battle of -the bookiea and
the bettors and the men with the : blue
pencils marked upa fewto profitand
less, j but on an- opening day they, ex
pect to be touched up a bit. .
There could- not , have been a better
prelude to the. season of '04 and '05.
The day fitted a good card. Here and
there a smudge of smoke/ veiling a
sun that would' have been uncomfort
ably warm. Toward the J hllls^ there
was a broad patch, of green as '¦ if the
spring had come. And, note you,: the
changes within '¦ the _• track' fences!
More green and "profusion of flowers.
The man with the hoe had.been-work
ing there as well as^the man with the
horse. Where dry beds of . adobe ) soil,
spread over with .a thin, sprinkling, of
sand, . passed for plats one '. year ago
there is now, grass- and plants/ .The
Improvement, pleased the . ticket-hold
ers. Emeryville ' is no - longer ; attrac
tive because' of its sports alone. .;
• The grand stand and the ' main
buildings were bright in their glisten
ing coats of fresh paint--; So spick and
span were they that; not, "one of the
hundreds. • of~ handsomely dressed,
pretty women' who r formed lines of
variegated colors in. the seats of the
great building facing the track, looked
at all outoTplace'or had aught to say
of -:"dust*J;?aavwas.^their- wont before
Emeryvtlle < yielded* to;, the gardener
arid street tpaver and : the sprinkling
cart.~Fit.-vT' 1 > I '-•?
...The?;. ieVkeliey T Stanford football
game attrijftyi/many who would have
been on . hA^/titoivthe i racing season's
opening;':. but despite ' this drawback
there* were more than 5000 persons
registered. by, the turnstiles. The train
serviceVwas excellent*. taking-Into con
sideration*; Che J Immense • thron«\ that
was 'handled and^-butt slight delay re
sulted.-? The jltey." Route and Southern
Pacific ferries' lost- little time at either
end -.of- their lines.* The? Southern Pa
cific '• trains ' ' handled .-"thousands ¦ ¦;¦ for
Berkeley and * Emeryville : between the
hours of '12: 30 '. r and: 2: SO > o'clock and
only- on e • slight aceident ; occurred,
when a passenger for Berkeley was
crowded off the i platform* at ¦ Emery
ville and 'sprained -his ankle.
¦ '.'.Many ; : familiar* lovers : of • the racing
game were at their. old < stands. Only
one I of the ¦ old came near .; not
arriving. 2 "White~Hat"' McCarthy ran
a race, with one'of the ferry-boats and
lost by a nose. -¦? He was late for the 1
o'clock - ferry and > when «he came
dashing up 'in a smart buggy for the
apron-of Ihe boat. Just- one-half min
ute behind -.time,.' it 'was ai question
whether • he would getito Emeryville
ln : time .for the first? race or not.. The
gong * sounded' and . McCarthy urged
BY JAJ?ES S. TYLER.
Weber, after carefully buttoning his
coat, announced that he was ready
and with little loss of time the Sheriff
hurried him to the JalL The prison
doors had scarcely clanged behind
him before he asked to be allowed to
consult with an, attorney. Belns* In
formed that he could secure a legal
adviser, he stepped y to the telephone
and rang up Attorney Ben Tabor.
"Come at once and consult with
me." was his parting injunction over
the wire.
Weber didn't lose any of his nerve
when he felt himself within the strons
arm of the law. On -the contrary, he
remained cool and Mlf -reliant. While
waiting fcr Attorney i Tabor * to visit
him he calmly surveyed -his surround
ings and did not appear to be in toe
least concerned. Tabor promptly, re
sponded to the summons, and .after a
brief conversation with Weber hurried
to the office of Justice Smith; who had
Issued the warrant. The object of
Tabor's visit f> the Justice 1* not
known, but it In conjectured that he is
desirous of ascertaining on what evi
dence the warrant is based.
When the inquest was resumed'to
night Weber was again called to#the
witness stand. He was In an aggres
sive mood and at times surly. When
questioned by District Attorney Rabin
son he replied in a sharp and caustic
manner and frequently compelled the
prosecutor to repeat his interrogatories
before he would reply to them.
CALLS FOR AX ATTORNEY.
'AUBURN, Xot. 12. — Adolph Wis
ber was arrested by Sheriff Ke«sa
to-night and charged with the mur
der of his parents, sister and youns
brother. Thus ends the second chap
ter in the terrible crlma that has
startled the residents of Placer
County.
"Weber took his arrest coolly, bat
was alive to what he considered to be
his • legal rights. The arrest took
place immediately after be left t>.e
witness stand and after he had rather
reluctantly answered the questions
propounded : to -him by Coroner Shep
ard. the District Attorney and several
of the Jurymen. A warrant for his
arrest had been sworn out before Jus
tice E. O. Smith and after its «ervlce>
Weber asked to be allowed to read th*
document;
¦. "I see.it has been signed by a Jus
tice of ' the Peace." he coolly re
marked, "and a Justice of the Peace
has no authority In law to Issue a
warrant to arrest me."
Sheriff Keena said that he was him
self perfectly satisfied with the legal
ity of the warrant and advised Weber
to accompany him to the Jail without
making any unnecessary trouble or
causing a scene. HTOM
Veteran Race -Goers Are Loud in Praise of
the Sport and the -Arrangements.
Ereclal Dispatch to Th» Can.
Views Without Emotion Bodies of His
Murdered Relatives and Shows
Utter Lack of Feeling.
FAMILIAR FACES ARE SEEN
IN BOTH RING AND STAND
Prisoner Remains Defiant
and Appears to Be
Unconcerned.
Age apparently cuts no figure with
The Fretter, a one-time Burns handi
cap winner. Frank O'Rourke's old
stager met an ordinary lot of horses in
the split 'of the seven furlong selling
affair, and so lightly were his chances
considered that ! the ring went to 8 to
1 , for the coin. Sheehan had the
mount and by dint of hard work, nosed
out the favorite, Hindoo Princess, at
the close. Oscar Tolle tired after shap
ing up the running, finishing third.
* Nothing could have been more awk
ward for the followers of the Jennings
stable than the defeat' of Letola, an
odds-on choice for. the six- furlong purse
run. Following, as it did, the victory of
Gold Money and everybody fat as a
toad financially, It was really a sad oc
currence—for ' the talent. The 8 to : 5
chalked against Letola didn't last long,
the closing quotation being 3 to 4. An
drew B. Cook has been in pickle for
some v days, ' and s the cherry pickers ¦ got
some 15 about the Stanfield & Ellis en
try. Sheehan rode, the latter colt and
made a quick getaway from the bar
rier. The favorite camped on his trail
after Willie Daly had shaken off the
others, but the outsider did not back up
perceptibly, getting home . first by ' a
length. Rowena, a 30 to 1 shot.' took
An even dozen of platers contested
for the first purse, at seven furlongs.
Dr. Shorb had a slisht call in the bet
ting. He was away poorly and his
name was never mentioned. Hip
ponax, one of the babes of the jungle
and a 5 to 1 chance with Holbrook
up, won somewhat easily from San
Lution, a rank outsider. Stunts, rid
den by Michaels, decamped with the
small end of the offering.
Both . Sea Air . and George P. Mc-
Xear ran so disappointingly, in -the
Futurity course sprint for two-year
olds, that two Easterners. Silverskin
and Pelham, fought it out at the fin
ish. While the mathematicians were
endeavoring to separate McNear and
Sea Air, the price about Silverskin
came down with a crash from fours
to 8 to 5. Pelham was touted about,
but the stable money did not make
itself felt in the ring: and the Hen
shall gelding's odds went from 2% to
4. Sea Voyage, a 30 to 1 shot, out
footed Sea Air and McNear .at all
stages of it. Dominick. astride Sil
verskin, the favorite, laid lovf until
the stretch was reached. Then he
passed Sea Voyage and without much
effort beat the tardy arriving Kunz on
Pelham handily, by a length. George
P. McXear showed the effects of his
outing at Petaluma, laying down his
hand early in the game. \
Bob Smith's Telephone had the time
of his life beating Whoa Bill for the
six and a half furlong number, and at
one time it looked as if L^irsen would
have to hang up. Jimmy Coffey's Ocy
rohe opened up favorite, but looked too
much like a jelly doughnut to run fast
and far. Telephone went to the post at
7 to 5, and in a long, hard drive nipped
Whoa Bill a scant head on the wire.
Ocyrohe ran a fair- third. Lady Athel
ing came in for support and may do in
a bunch with less speed.
BRACKETS FOR THE FRETTER.
along with Fossil, securing show hon
ors. Claude, after an uneven passage,
finished fourth.
Bombardier did not flatter his back
ers by anything he did, at no stage
looking dangerous.
Seven events were decided, of which
number public choices captured three.
Eddie Domlnick and J. T. Sheehan
carried off the saddle honors, each
piloting a brace of winners.
HIPPONAX WINS HAXDILY.
WORSES AM) 5IE.V WHICH PLAYED v PROMINENT PARTS' YESTERDAY ? AT LTHE? OAKLAND. TRACKi AT • THE:OPEyiyG,OF THE ffPTER SEASON" OF RACTN'G.
TBS TMJUATJlHai
ALCAZAR— "Princ* Karf— Matins
to-d*7. •
CALIFORNIA— "A Friend of the Fam
ily"— MiUne* to-tiay.
CENTRAL— "Her Manias* Vow" —
Matinae to-dar.
COLUMBIA — ' - Th« County Chairman.
CHUTES — Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S — Vaudeville.
GRAND— "The Fatal Weddtaf-^atat
lre« to-day.
MAJESTIC— "An American Cltisen."
OltPKEUM— Vaudevtn*— Matine« to
day.
TTVOLI — "The MesaeBsrer Boy."
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 166.
The San Francisco Call.(Dubeck, a free city of the German
?"jnrire. has recently. - reasserted .' its
j right to mint its own coins, a right un
. claimed : Bince 1801^- -ii. - ¦• ; -; ¦- . i: . * ; ¦ \-<:
A shrewd people hot only willing but
anxious to trade, the Japanese will
welcome foreign capital In the develop
ment of Korea, and this will be for the
advantage, pf the world. Indeed, .the
J>- nese victory will generally make
for the world'** good,, for its ultimate
purpose Is the regeneration of China
to such an extent as %o make her a
power with which all the nations can
do business, j ""n this • end ;-,. Japan's
management of Korea will' be a. pow
erful combination. The Japanese
statesmen In , the midst of their tri
umph are careful of the susceptibliities
or the Koreans. They. do not rudely
tear down the native dynasty, but, imi
tating the British methods in Egypt,
they leave it' in possession of the trap
pings -of state, while planting Japanese
Imluence firmly in all the -important
administrative, agencies of the country.
—Boston Transcript.
Japnn in Korea.
INDIANAPOLIS.. Nov. 12.— K. V.
Millard, who now resides in this .citv.
has been for several years studying
archaeology in Egypt. ' For the last
year, until his recent return to this
country, he was engaged In making
excavations at various places on the
Nile, especially at Gizeh, in the neigh
borhood of the great pyramid of
Cheops. .
"I have discovered," said Millard.
"Just where Noah lived, where the ark
was built and that Noah built the great
pyramid of Khufu, known as the pyra
mid of Gizeh.
"Noah was the greatest King this
world has ever seen. He was the great
est of the Egyptian not ex
cepting Rameses the Great.
"Noah was a millionaire. The biblical
account of the flood gives no clew as
to where he lived or where his ship car
penters were at work for 120 years con
structing the ark.
"Noah was 600 'years old when the
flood came.' It is evident that he "must
have been a millionaire and a mart of
great authority. . He built the ark at
his own expense. Such a boat In those
times would have cost more than half
a million" dollars.
¦¦ "Noah * built" the creat mramld Mur-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A gallon of distilled water weighs
10 pounds, of sea water 10% pounds,
of Dead Sea water 12 pounds. There
are . 8 V4 pounds of salt in every 100
pcunds of Dead Sea water to 2 4-5
pounds in ordinary sea water.
Archaeologist Claims to
Have Made Important
Discoveries in Egypt
In. Its issue of September 26 theln
dia Rubber Journal of London prints a
communication from the Planters' As
sociation of Ceylon In which It is said
that all that one can see at present
points to the probability that in the
near future rubber will . become the
largest of Ceylon's "minor" industries,
exceeding even cacao. Rubber is now
about the most profitable crop in that
Rubber Culture a Success In Ceylon.
island, good gum having lately sold for
5 shillings (|1 21%) or over per pound,
while the capital cost and expense for
harvesting were small. Ceylon has thus
far had to Itself the market for culti
vated rubber, but now the Federated
Malay States, Mexico and other conn
tries are competing. Ceylon Is still
ahead and seems determined to remain
so If close attention to methods of pre
paring the gum and to insuring high
quality of the product can keep her in
front.
Oriental rubies are worth, weight
for weight, about twelve times aa
much as diamonds.
WHERE NOAH'S
ARK WAS BUILT
ing the earlier part of the fourth
Egyptian dynasty and not more than
1200 years after God had expelled
Adam nnd Eve from the Garden of
Eden."'
One of the millionaire cotton mer
chants of the United States was ex
ceedingly timid in the presence of his
adored one. Everybody knew he was
desperately In love, but he had not
courage to pop the question. The par
ents'of the. girl invited him to spend
the week's end at their qountry place,
with a view to holp mattys along. In
stead of a blessing or grace at the
table it was the family's habit to re
cite a verse from the Bible, and all
guests were invited to Join In 'this di
version. With matrimony on the brain
our young expert on the staple quoted,
.when called on at the breakfast Sun
day morning— "He that getteth a wife
getteth a good thing from the 1 Lord."
After that everything was easy. He
married the girl.— New York Press.
Popping the Question.
From the. report of M. Keeic, th'a
French consular agent, at Kalamata,
Greece, it appears that the export' trade
from Kalamata.to (he United States is
increasing. M. Keck refers, to'.the large
quantities of currant*. which i are gent
to the United Statos and to the ex
portation of about 140,000 worth of vari
ous kinds pf cheese, and about J7300
worth of hides, as well as the exporta
tion of figs and various, other. articles
(olives, olive oil, and so forth). More
than 7,000,000 pounds of currants were
exported from Kalamata to the United
States In 1903, and M. Keck thinks that
a part of the currants, shipped at Pa
tras came from 1 the Kalamata district.
In speaking ' of» importation, M. Keck
refers to the quantities of German ar
ticles brought to, /Kalamata as more Or
less dominating the market on account
of their . cheapness and of the easy
terms afforded to the Greek buyer, He.
mentions the large number of Ger
man commercial travelers in this dis
trict.—New York'Commercial.
Greek Exports to Us..
Russia Ven-otlnlps. Blcr Tinnn.
ST. PETERSBURO^T%. 13.— It is
understood that/arrankem^nts have
been practically^ comt>fet#J^,for the
floating of a loan of •'$2^0,000,000 In
Berlin, of whichi Gernia^-*T>anks- have
underwritten three-quartetts and, Hol
land banks the remain<^|y ¦'* /¦'¦
Soldiers' Lees.
-There appears to be some indigna
tion among the men of Minneapolis,"
Raid an army officer on recruiting duty,
thf other day. "because bow-legged
men ar»> barred from the United States
army. This indignation is probably due
to. ihe fart that some of the men in
that vicir.Jty.who desire to enlist in the
army, have 'legs which are not in
plumb. All sorts of unfavorable com
ments have been made on the army
requirements for straight limbs, and
eeveral prominent citizens have regis
tered a protest against what they re
gard as an unjust discrimination. One
man wanted to know why a man whose
less resembled a parabola was not as
competent to lead an army to victory
as one with perfectly straight legs.
Another thousht that a man with
curved legs would be specially desira
ble in the cavalry. But the" comments
on the subject are not likely to cause
the officials to change the regulations
requirine soldiers to have straight
legs."— Washington Star.
The British ship-building trade is
very much depressed. It is sixteen
years since business was so bad on the
Tyne. .All the furnaces are out and
clerks are the only employes at the
yards of the Palmer Company, which
has hitherto employed 6000 men there.
George is .wrapped up.Jn. the two
English stallions, Marlus and Solitaire,
and said "wait until you. see some of
those dauzhters of Solitaire run next
January."
George Oxnard. one of the best |
Judges of prices in the country, picked
a few winners as usual. Georce beat
the ring out of $20,000 last season.
There were many inquiries after
Otey Evans, the well-known block
man of George Rose's forces. Otey is
confined to his home in this city suf
fering from asthma. --
"Squeak" Allmark, the old-time fa
vorite steeplechase rider, has charge
of the jockeys' room. "Squeak" holds
the same position at Harlem • track,
Chicago.
Beau Ormonde is reported to have
broken down, which accounts for his
ahsence from the handicap.
Royal Rogue was an awful good
horse yesterday, but McFadden cer-.
tainly did scramble the .eggs.
President "Williams of the Jockey
Club, although only 3ust recovering ;
from an attack of ptomaine poisoning,
felt he 1 must be present on the open
ing day. • " : ¦ f-'V- <
Contituiod From Paffc 31, Column 6. |
TSINGTAU, Nov. 12. — The British
steamship Thales of the Douglas line
has been purchased by Germans, res
idents of TBingtau, and has been giv
en a German register. She is now
here loading for Port Arthur. , .
Local shipping houses have received
information that two steamships
which recently left here with sup
plies for Vladivostok have arrived
there in -safety. It Is also known here
definitely that several supply . ships
have reached Port Arthur within the
last fortnight. . . : .
MUKDEN, Nov. 12.— Artillery firing
continues- At times' it grows heavy,
particularly .in the southwest.- The
Japanese shelled the , Russian posi
tions intermittently, on November 11,
but the Russians did not reply. This
afternoon «a severe artillery engage
ment was progressing on the Russian
right. __' '. •? :
Russian scouts on the night of No
vember 10 again entered L.inshinpu,
two miles west j of the Shakhe Rail
road station, and carried out five Rus
sian corpses and the body of one Jap
anese. '. • ; .
Reports that the Japanese are
transferring large forces to the right
flank continue to be repeated. If this
proves to be the case the tactics made
use of at Liaoyang will be repeated.
The Chinese say that the Japanese
are simply Interchanging various bod
ies of troopa, not concentrating in the
east, but keening their main forces In
reserve in order to thoroughly re-form
them and .give them .repose, prepara
tory to the coming fight..
All are anxiously wondering wheth
er the Japanese will soon begin the
advance, but the opinion is expressed
that they are, still too weak, for such
a movement.
One large village to the south is oc
cupied by Russians,- amj Japanese.
Both sides sit in' their h'iits a'n'd shout:
"Get out tot here; this ifour village,
yell the Japanese." •"•"
"Get* out yourselves," answer the
Russians.' ¦ : J ' •
Then follow volleys of abuse.
Steamships Bun Admiral
Togo's Blockade and En
i ter Port Arthur, Harbor
SUPPLIES REACH
STOESSEL'S MEN
According to his version; the splinter
of a shell struck General Kuroki.
tearing out a portion pf his breast and
abdomen. He," died on October. 4 at
Liaoyang and' his body was sent to
Japan. A nmor is persistently cir
culated, that a kinsman of. the Mikado,
Siassinli (literally .."Third Prince"),
has been appointed' to succeed Gen
eral Kuroki, tut' the actual command
of the army has been' entrusted to
General * Nodzu/ who is reviewing
operations. '•'•'•
¦ MOSCOW, Nov. .13. — Nemirovich
Danchenko, the well-known Russian
war correspondent at the Associated
Press, telegraphing. Irani' Mukden un
der to-day's date, says the reports of
the death of General.-; Kuroki are con
firmed. . : '•:•• r . '
Brilliant Soldier Breathes
His Last in Liaoyang and
His Body Is Sent Back
to the Land He Served
GOLD MONEY TAKES HANDICAP
The name of one of Sweden's most
distinguished families appears on an
affidavit filed with the Police Commis
sioners yesterday charging "Spider"
Kelly, ' the prize-fighter, with conduct
unbecoming a citizen, and is likely to
result in Kelly forfeiting his license as
a saloon-keeper. The document will be
used by. the police at to-morrow nighfs
meeting of the Commissioners as evi
dence against the prize-fighter, who
will be summoned before that body to
show cause why he should not be de
prived of the privilege o.f conducting a
saloon. Kelly's troubles are the out
growth of an unwarranted attack made
by him early Saturday morning on
Count Nils Bonde of Sweden and one
of the latter's traveling companions,
who have been guests at the Palace
Hotel for several days.
The Count, who is a direct descendant
of one of Sweden's most illustrious
Kings, accompanied by Baron W. A.
son Grebst, a prominent young journal
ist andpoet of Gothenburg, and Chris
Hollingworth, a. scion of one of the
wealthy families of the same city, ar
rived here a few days ago, and under
the guidance of Baron son Grebst, who
has visited San Francisco before, he
and Hollingworth have been enjoying
the sights of the city before and after
dark. Friday night the trio partook of
a late supper at the Techau Tavern and
at its conclusion they started down
Mason street toward Market on their
way to the Palace. They had not pro
ceeded far, however, before they were
suddenly pounced upon by Kelly, who
was drunk and apparently was not
pleased with the gentlemanly appear
ance of the strangers. Without warn
ing Kelly struck the Count a heavy
blow on the arm with a cane, and a
second later he assailed the Baron in a
similar manner.
Then Pdliceman Smith interfered
and the entire party was hurried off to
the City Hall, where Kelly was charged
with — drunk. The policeman wanted to
charge the prize-fighter with assaulting
the Swedes, but the latter persuaded
him to brfrig the milder charge, so that
they might avoid the annoyance of ap
pearing in the Police Court against
Kelly.
Yesterday Kelly while telling his
friends in the tenderloin of his previous
night's experience was suddenly sur
prised by .receiving a summons to'ark
pear before the Police Commissioners
to-morrow night to answer charges
preferred against him. Although the
distinguished visitors from .Sweden
had refused to prosecute Kelly in the
court because they disliked the noto
riety, they were yesterday persuaded
by Caotain of Police Duke to make
an affidavit' regarding Kelly's conduct,
and steps . were at once taken by the
police to prepare a strong* case against
the prize-fighter. -•¦• •-¦
KECEIVES MORTAL
WOUND IN BATTLE
Police Arrest the Fighter
and Secure an Affidavit
From the Man He Assailed
MAY LOSE HIS LICENSE
Associated Press Corres
pondent Confirms Iteport
of the Death of the Fa
mous Japanese General
Descendant of Kings Beaten
by Well -Known Pugilist
Armed .With a Heavy. Cane
KELLY ATTACKS
SWEDISH COUNT
SHELL ENDS
THE CAREER
OF KUROKI
fHE SAN: FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
32
_.
All Humors
Are impure matters, which the skin,
liver,; kidneys and. other organs can-
not take care of without help, there is
such an accumulation of them.
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, bolls, ec?ema and other
eruptions, loss of appetite, that tired
feeling, bilious turns, fits of indiges-
tion, dull headaches , and many other
troubles are due to them.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Remove all humors, overcome all their
effects, strengthen, tone and Invigor-
ate the whole system.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed ou
request. 'C.-I.- HOOD CO.. •Lowell; Mass. - •
¦ ¦ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
W$k M SHI 1SJP I Is the yoy of the househol d. for without
r&L /ra \M lt n ° ha PP ine$s can be complete. How
rasift M sweet the picture of motlier and babe,
aa^iSriaia^' m mSr angels smile at and commend »tho
¥6R\ Si /Sfti - thoughts and aspirations of the mother
601 B Fti" ET ben . din^ over the cradle. The ordeal through
|i fl i| M H §3 which the expectant mother must pass how-
tU? a S^ ever . is so ful1 of danger and sufferin'T that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
{ ? r L.J? r l NVDm u n Sh ?"! d knowthat the danger, pain and horror
•of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of mother's Friend
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renderi
pliable all the . parts, and _ m^
* great crisis in perfect safety S-^Siy a a a KS & $3 V&0
end without pain. Sold at $1.00 per fS3 ESk Q an &, m ¦Bk
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless LL &^ 0 $j~ wJ$R M^
value to all women sent free. Addres* Wp |^^ M ra' rl M
QRAOFIELD REGULATOR CO^ Atlanta. Qa» *3 331 KB Mm WSP
AnVEKTIgg^IEXTS. ¦ 'r J
___!___jr__________—^ —A m _j||)^fljfc§^gjfc__g^____|^__jtJjJiJ|^E^JB^flBBBlMJihiMBi
FREE1 FREE!;
Eztfaoj*d2nafy Oltet
TO
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
To make their f .
Holiday Purchases in the Month of November
*f $25.00 «— • $7J5Q;™2£*S& Free !
5f $J0.00 F_*-..-$3.6b Free
F«e $5.00 p-^.. $1.50^1^ Free
Frec ?Z50 P«d— . 75c worthof e <^ s Free
4?Zr#»JU -^ r * / JU yot,, qktjx choice L rcc
Frcc St On p«rc-~. 25c worthof8 T ds Free
wttb *? > *V\J UIMMC • z^JZ* you* own choice x rcc
We want you to see our
Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
and Newest Creations
FKv Chinaware, Limoges China, French
Chin?, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware, .
Novelties, and Dolls.
Fancy Articles of Every Dsscription. Prettiest, .
Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected '
from the Markets of the World.
Top Quality Teas> Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
We want you to sec our very reasonable prices*
We want you to come just to look.
Take advantage of this -ray liberal offer.
CUT HERE CUT HERE
CUT OUT THIS COUPON, faring it to coy of our stores before
_ December 10, 1904, and receive with each purchase as listed n
j 1 above a very handsome present of your own selection. 5
j = SAN FRANCISCO CALL , 1904 =
i ~ Come just to look* *
'-> Bficg thi Coupon with you to any of our stores.
wot cood *rrcR December m. too*
CfT HEKS f CUT HERE
Great American Importing Tea Co.
CITY STORES:
8C1 Market Bt. 21S Butter *L 705 I.arkin «t. 2732 Trventy-fourth St.
J4(t Sixth rt. ntfis nJInwre gt. 148 Ninth st. 2(ti Third »t.
i~:> Kaisht Bt. H5S H»r«« «t- "2 Market »t. 4(53 Fourth »t.
1M» D*vir«dero rt. :»ivw fc M .xtecnth «t- 5?1 Montromery are 30(> Third »t.
:*:u I" :\ si. 3^53 Mission tt. 2516 Moealon st.
OAIL4.K3, AZJiaCBSA AHD BEBKELET STORES:
IOS3 Vfeshlnrton st. 1510 Seventh st. Berkeley. 2141 Center st
llbO :^ «ve- 61C U- 12th st. Alameda, 1355 Park at.
STOKES XXT OTEBB CITIES AND TOWNS:
San Josr, VJS S. Vim st. San Uemardlno, 421 Third st. Lo'ig B^ach. 220 Pine ave.
har-rarrentu, 420 K «t. Santa Barbara^ 734 State st. Merced. 408 Main Kt.
Kacramcntfi, h<>4 J st. £ar> Dl*»ifo, 922 Fifth st. NevadaCHy.Pine stMas.bldg.
S>n<a Cru7. 140 Partnc «va. HanL4itsOblapo.72SHiruerait. R:dlani's. 38 E. State st.
BtudEKB, 44T» K. Main nt. Yulare. Kcm rt.. near K. Santa Monica. 227 Third st.
GUrcy. p N. Monterpy Kt. Vinrlnla Citv. •> S. C st. Sinta Ana 2C9 K. Fourth *t.
1*j* cijtra. East Main Kt. Ventura, 2CS Main St. \'isalia, 216 Main Bt.
SiLnUenn.-lro.SanLorontoav*. Crockett. AVoodlanrt. K53 Main st.
UosAtwdes. 42.->P.i;rendway. Lincoln. Watsrmvill-e. 323 Main St.
l»o»Ar>Krl*«.2?»2.'!ParaU* > na av. Winters. IS»-nlcl^. G First St.
Ea't Lak», 245 Main rt. R-«3wood City. Chico.ndTi-y..bKt.3d &4th sts
li-rtlarid, 3;<1 WaRhiagtcn st. gutter Creek. *'ar*onC!t> .Cars' n nt.nr.Klng
Portland. S3 First st. Nnr*. 5 Main st. Urinharn City, Main st.
Seattle. 008 fVcond ave. Petuluma. f>2S Ma'.n st. ModfFto, ltnh St., bet. H & I.
battle. :tn<.» Pike st. Ft Hrlf na. Main Ft. ( irovilli-, :.<X Meyers st.
Tacotr.n. 'J37 C ft Santa Rcsa, 411 Fourth st. Prov«i. Acadexny ave
SjK.kanf. 810 »vf. Vnllejo. S39 (i^orria st. ParkCity.Maln st.Schields be.
f>P<!»-r.. "4'i Twenty-fifth St. Hayward*.Biit..bet.Main&lst. IlcdBIurf.Maln & Oak iti
liak'rtlleli. 1513 19th St. San Rafa*l. K23 Fourth st. Salinas. 2.TJ Main st.
Fr-Fno. 1145 f rt. Pavsdeiia. 190 E. Colorado st. OreBonClty.Main at.so.Cth.
HjUialCie. .'J.12 I) sx Astoria, r-71 Ccmmerclal st. H»ildsl urjj.
pcifr.ona. 4u2 H'. Second ft. Eugene, 30 E. Ninth st. f'lacervllW.
Reno. l'J O^m.nerrial row. Kuroka. cor. Fifth «nd F sts. Ocran View
Rwirtlnir. 421 Varket st. Grjiirn Valley. .V5 Mill st. Calistoga
BlrtnMe, 931 .lain Kt. Hanford, 20!) N. Irwln st. Bonoma.
Our 100 Store* Help TTb to Help You.
¦ ' A»vt:*»*f :»ioi.exts. ;
1 IN OHD HOIKF 5
a l 1^1 \J \J iv, jn v/ v/ w &* . «
% Will go farther, buy more - goods— and Better Goods — than you can %
I buy from any OTHER HOUSE- ON THE COAST. That alone ac- f
1 counts for the great popularity of the house of Raphael's. i
I ? A FEW ITEMS of. what's .doing in our great and growing Men's |
§' Furnishing Goods Department: • ft
S Boston Garters i Genuine Guyot* President* Suspenders ft
S Best grade of silk garters. | SUSpei\derS Jn sQlid colorings# str i pes and fi
S The fifty-cent kind. Every con- You know they are 50c every- £„,,„* n^tt*rps Fiftv rrnt* t\
i f ceivable color at just 1 half what where, and these are the best fif f urcd Patterns litty cent, »
S you would pay in other C_ grades. With us the^ C -» j all over town. With _5^p S
stores « are * • *yJC us they arc ** *^V» C
!? Shirt, Special Tt ' IsSmS Men's Hosiery
, . We--; .. Some of "" "~~~~ ~
® ' ; ' gether. usually — ' »w
1 They arc plums, so come early. Sizes are sells at 50c. The colorings are the very la- j|
from 143/2 to 16^. Made up of imported test. We are going to sell one hundred j|
Madras cloths, flannels, negligee /T f%~ dozen of this fifty cent hosiery^ C Cts B
styles, that will be sold at QyC to-morrow at d^^the Pr J£
Zg Night, Shirt, Special I
In Flannelettes made in the very latest 1
s£.~W^ fashions— cut sixty inches long, big, «
- - :; \>tf WrFk wide gussets— cut full and generous, jf
I £%&^'<J§rwi lll^&n'hk not the skimpy sort. " |
¦I MpP w Kr the . 7 '. ce :*. Mo ":5OcI
Jk W^S^S^Lr^^ The $1.00 grade. 65cA
? Pajama Special g
f Wi^W^^^^^^ < i ac^ e ll P °^ J m P0^ e^ woven Madras g
§ • '1^ ifjl \ Cloth, military collar, large pearl »
f$ v^lp_bi^^<i/l:?^/|\ buttons, in pretty patterns. 1
I. 'S^giflgp Tiie $200 grade will be «g , Oft |
'CS^nrw LIP s Monday at. ... ¦¦. .'. s> I •\JKJ «
I Winter Underwear Special I
g A Drummer's Samp!e t-ine !|mM *W &
g^ Made up of a suit of this and a suit of that. M^ r ; - w Jb)
All brand new Winter garments, and high- JmL YWl
<§ class garments at that Garments worth C^£>^»lr 1 W
f 81.50, $l'2Jand$1.00 the garment,but they jd^^^i V^
J are just sample lines— one and two suits of >fe N >>T -fym }%
| a kind. There are all sorts among them, tM- I'/ah l^
I and you will be given the pick^of any of >^Zj^^^v Ml
these high-class garments Monday at
/^Q« The --, •.: v_y^^
*. WAV Garment*
fi Holiday Showing _. . 'y
_/_LB«<vSk ft^ ¦flCy^CaL % _^^P^^B3_ \& _KL^^^__bor has just been introduced into the
Transvaal, and with this solution of the
labor problem there should be a con
tinued increase In the output of the
yellow metal In the Transvaal. If the
production should ever reach the enor
mous total of $120,000,000. the effect on
the business of the world can hardly be
overestimated. "With a Transvaal pro
duction I&st year of $51,000,000. the
world'? output of gold* amounted ap
proximately to $330,000,000. An increase
In the Transvaal production In the near
future to $120,000,000 a year would lift
the total annual product of gold in the
world to the stupendous sum of $100.
000,000.—"Wall Street Journal.
No one could be found .who had
seen a madman or any stranger in
the vicinity of the house, or, in fact,
in Auburn on the day of the murder,
so the robbery theory, for a time,
gained a few supporters.
The finding of the money on Weber's
body and in the piano exploded the
remaining theory, and the officers com
menced their search closer at home.
The sequel came to-night in the arrest
of young Weber.
From the outset young Weber inti
mated that he thought the crimes had
been committed either by a madman
or a robber.
to direct suspicion toward the dead,
and thus shield the guilty. If such was
the purpose of the story, it signally
failed, for the autopsy held on Weber's
body showed conclusively that the
wound which caused his death was not
self-inflicted.
The robbery theory was soon aban
doned, for the pockets of the cloth
ing worn by Weber when he met
death contained $100 and in the piano
that was removed from the burning
house by neighbors was found $40. .
The statement published by our Gov
ernment that English enthusiasts are
looking for a future output of gold in
the Transvaal of from $120,000,000 to
J150.000.00Q a year, is stimulating to the
imagination. Just as the realization of
this prediction would be stimulating to
the sDeculation and business of the
world. In the first six months of this
year the output of gold in the Trans
vaal amounted . to about 53S.OOO.00O.
This is at the rate of $76,000,000 for the
year. Last year's production amount
ed to over $61,000,000. The largest pro
duction was in 1S98. being $79,213,000.
The prospect is therefore that the pro
duction of ISO* will nearly equal that of
lS98-^in other words, will return to the
normal yield of this region. Coolie la-
Financial Journal Estimates That
"Value In One Year Will Be
Fully $76,000,000.
TRANSVAAL GOLD OUTPUT
DAZZLES IMAGINATION*
In some manner yet unexplained, a
story was set in circulation last night
that the elder Weber had on several
occasions quarreled with his wife.
The story undoubtedly was intended
THORIES ARE EXPLODED.
Then it was that he showed that
he was becoming angered. His an
swers from then on were snappy and
it was with a sigh of relief that he
left the witness stand when the Coro
ner abandoned all hope of receiving
any assistance from him.
the investigators.- •¦— • * -~~
When asked to view the bodies of his
dead relatives so that he might supply
the identification required by the law,
he complied in a perfunctory manner.
To all questions asked him by the Cor
oner he gave the shortest answers pos
sible, and the only time that he dis
played any feeling was when one of the
interrogatories implied that he knew
more than he had told to the jurors.
| YOUNG RESIDENT OF PLACER 1
COUNTY ACCUSED OF HAVING
! MURDERED HIS FAMILY.
The courtroom was crowded during
the proceedings and while Adolph was
on the stand a deathlike stillness
"Weber was mainly questioned as to
what he did and how he acted after he
arrived at his home while it was on
fire. He said he was a sufferer from a
weak heart, but that mentally he was
in the full possession of his faculties.
When asked how he could account
for the position of the bodies as they
lay in the burning house, he said he
had no theory to advance.
The first time he showed any emo
tion was when the District Attorney
asked him about going on a recent
coon hunt and who his companions
were. He sharply declined to answer
the question and it was not until Cor
oner Shepard compelled him to do so
that he finally gave the names of the
members of the party. Among those
who accompanied him on the hunt
was Adrian Wills, whose overcoat he
had borrowed for the occasion-
He was then asked if he remarked
when he returned the overcoat: "Well,
I'm going away, and you will never
see me again." He denied having
made any such remark. "When asked
if there had been a pistol in the
pocket he became excited and replied
emphatically "no." He also denied
ever having owned a pistol or having
had one in his possession or any 32
caliber cartridges. He admitted, how
ever, that he had looked at a pistol
in a eun store in Auburn and also
that he had looked at 32 cartridges
at the same time.
Services were first conducted by
Mrs. William Watts, Mrs. J. Manning
and Mrs. Ethel Seavey of - Azalea
Lodge No. 117 of Rebekahs, of which
order Mrs. Weber was a loved mem
ber. The Rev. A- K. Glover of " the
Episcopal church and the Rev. J. P.
McAuley of the Methodist church
also officiated. The tension during the
services was deep and intense and
several of those present were so af
fected that they had 'to be led from
the room. .
When the choir of the Congregational
church rendered several beautiful
•hymns those gathered at the biers gave
vent to their feelings in. bursts of tears.
Throughout the touching eremony
young Weber, dry eyed, looked on.
When the services were concluded he
was one of the first to leave the under
taking parlors.
The bodies will be shipped to San
Francisco on an early train! Sunday
morning and interred in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. . . . i
But: It was not alone at the funeral
services that young Weber aroused ; the
Ill-will of those who heretofore had only
regarded him as an eccentric character.
At the inquest being conducted by
Coroner Shepard to determine who is
guilty of the quadruple murderi Weber
was, if possible, more defiant, cool and
calculating. He did not show the
smallest desire to assist the authorities
in unraveling the mystery and nothing
i was elicited from him that might aid
i The son who had been bereft of
those who should have been most
near and de<tr to him stood as cold
and grim as a piece of marble. To
him these outward, signs of grief did
not appeal. His eyes kept continually
roving around the room and appar
ently his thoughts were wandering
far from the scene of sorrow. May
hap it was that he had before him
another picture — a prison cell and he
then occupant.
The scene in the undertaking estab
lishment was a sad and impressive
one. Three caskets, draped with
snow-white cloth, were arranged in
the back parlor. One contained the
body of the murdered mother, with
her murdered boy clasped in her
arms.
On either side of this casket were
those containing the bodies of her
husband and daughter, who had met
death with her at the hands of the
same cruel, crafty murderer.
IMPRESSIVE SERVICES.
No verdict was brought in and at j
midnight the jury was excused and will
not meet again until Wednesday.
The arrest of young Weber did not
occasion much surprise, as he had inti
mated during the afternoon that he
expected to be taken into custody. Dur- I
ing the course of a conversation with J
The Call correspondent 'VTeber re
marked:
"I know I am under suspicion. If I
am arrested I will talk, but I will not
talk until then."
SHOWS GREAT IXDIFFERENCE.
The indifference and lack of emotion
shown by Weber have prejudiced his
case in the eye3 of the residents of
Placer County. He has not exhibited
the least sorrow for his murdered rela
tives, and has talked about their
deaths in a cold and calculating man
ner.
"When he viewed the bodies of his
parents, brother and sister he remained
unmoved, and to outward appearances
was not a bit more affected than if
they had been total strangers to him.
He has conducted himself in a non
chalant manner since the night of the
terrible tragedy, and his lack of feeling
has turned from him many who would
have gone to his assistance under other
- circumstances.
The murdered persons were all highly
respected by their friends and neigh- :
bors, and when the funeral services j
were held in the little undertaking par- j
lors this afternoon these friends gath- j
ered around the flower-covered biers |
and gave way to their grief in heartfelt
tears.
reigned in the great chamber. His
answers, while made in a low voice,
were clear and distinct. He sat for
the most part of the time with his
face averted from his questioners.
Toward the end of the ordeal he be
gan to look cross and peevish and his [
answers were more or less snappish, j
COOLLY DISCUSSES MURDERS, j
i Weber was dressed in black from
j head to foot, even to a high black stock
about his neck. His hair was dishev
eled and hung down over his low fore
head. His eyes were bright and beady.
The peculiar sharpness of his features'
was accentuated as the inquest come to '
a close and the hard questioning of the
District Attorney began to tell on him. I
I He was composed to a marvelous de- j
, gree and discussed the death and mur
[ der of his family without the slightest
! show of feeling.
Continued From Pa^e 31, Column 7.
AUTHORITIES OF AUBURN ARREST
YOUNG WEBER ON THE CHARGE OF
HAVING MURDERED HIS RELATIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER. 13; 1904.
33
GOING TO MOVE?
A new list of choice FLATS,
HOUSES and COTTAGES ad-
vert Is^ctl to-day.
Read THE CAIX'S TO T.F7T
COLUMNS. It saves time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our Mfflde-to^Order Suits *m
Look and Wear Like Much '
Higher Priced Garments ¦: >;
Most every man wants to be economical with- . *' $M^
Our ciothes look and wear as if they cost (L '- : 'MW 9^^^^R^m ' **
more money. ¦ You see, we have reduced the cost alV; *• .; *f|j£:£.|, W : -^^^^^^»^^ ; ' r
of production and the ciothes sell for a third less taV. V.-^fl^Sr 3"*
than must be asked by other tailors for the same /;^m\j/^M^y^ fep^^^Slffl^^ 5^^'
We have reduced the cost of production and A : W'^^^ i %' :: ''^
still maintained the quality. Buying advantage- : 'j&A V*::|%
Buying' the cloth direct from The mills and ,
making" the clothes in immense quantities at com- /l*':fe i |i-'fi-^3^Sfe^vO
parativelv small profits gives us an advantage over m^t : f'^\\%'W^^m^^
That's why our $10 suits are the same in H'-i£^-rM-%9(*
That's why our $15 suits are , equal to the . |" ; .i|-'.::-J^|'\^ l&SllKfi|
usual $22.50 garments. " //•'.•K' •'• \ 1|::| iJI SSl^^M
That's why our $20 suits are th? same as the /:('. -#] .".if .'|.'^ %: ; :K? l$*li
All these reasons are found in the clothes. /?.£{•' *'. ' yi ¦¦ '•' • M J-VV^ \ W%\ "' *
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town . r r I j m \.^f\ . .-;¦£.• % '\M^^'^^^-'mI^^M0^^'^ ' •'
customers through our self-measuring system — write for blank "".S^". ' M'.'~ ' r'-'Wr- '.%'.' \ •^ij^*r^"» v -\^g?^^^' -SLen&edfrtm Eh
andsampfe*.: . .' " ' • ' ' . '" ' ¦¦ - ' -'-r'jjk' ' '.' j^y;| r^f^ "*' "
Men's Hate An" V Tto Night Shirts
See in our windows to-morrow the several vffi 7TT ~^Lt[ Vr %_F &*& fe U f-P ° n special sale for Monday and Tuesday-
priced hats in aU styles which have made :^X';-.-T-Ti«. — "\_ ' , "a # -'^w sateen night shirts with or without collars;
our^ hat . department •» so popular— at $1.30, v ,, . v white, pink ..ar.d blue; regular $1.50 values
$i.w; $3.5o:,and;$3.oo.;; V,- -/: | 740 Market and Cor. Powell and Eddy fgr;$i.i's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What Sulphur Does
For the Human Body in Healjh and
Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us the early days when our
mothers and grandmothers gave us our'
daily dose V)f sulphur and molasses
every spring and fall.
It was the universal spring and fall
"blood nurifler," tonic and cure-all,
and. mind you. this old-fashioned rem-
edy was not without merit.
The idea was good, but the remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and a large
quantity had to be taken to get any
effect.
Nowadays we get all the beneficial
effects of sulphur in a palatable, con-
centrated form, so that a single grain
is far more effective .than a tablespoon-
ful of the crude sulphur.
In recent years, research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur,
for medicinal use is that obtained from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold
in drug stores under the name of
Stuarfs Calcium Wafers. They are
small chocolate coated pellets and con-
tain- the active medicinal principle of
sujphur in a highly concentrated, ef-
fective form.
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
maintaining bodily vigor and health:
sulphur acts directly on the liver, and
excretory organs and purifies and en-
riches the blood by the prompt elimina-
tion of waste material.
Our grandmothers knew this whsn
they dosed us with sulphur and molas-
ses every spring and fall, but the cru-
dity and impurity of ordinary flowers
of sulphur were often worse than the
disease, and cannot compare with the
modern concentrated preparations of
sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium
Wafers Is undoubtedly the best and
most widely used.
They are the natural antidote for
liver and kidney troubles and cure con-
stipation and purify the blood in a way
that often surprises patient and physi-
cian alike.
Dr. R. M. Wilklns while experiment-
Ing with sulphur remedies soon found
that the sulphur from Calcium was. su-
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
especially when resulting from consti-
pation or malaria, I have been ' sur-
prised at the results obtained" from
Stuarfs Calcium "Wafers. In patients
suffering from boils and pimples and
even deep-seated carbuncles, I have re-
peatedly seen them dry up and disap-
pear In four or five days, leaving the
skin clear and smooth. Although
Stuarfs Calcium Wafers Is a proprie-
tary article, and sold by druggists, and
for that reason tabooed by many physi-
cians, yet I know of nothing so safe
and reliable for constipation, . liver and
kidney troubles and especially, in : all
forms of skin disease as this remedy."
At any rate people ifho are tired of
pills, cathartics : and so-called blood
"purifiers." will find in Stuarfs Cal-
cium Wafers a far safer, more palat-
able and effective preparation. <
SnSCELLAXEOCS.
iiililss
ACROSS THE
OCEAN
Any One Can Send Com-
mercial Messages. 3,500
Miles Across the Atlantic
Wizard of Electric Waves
Will Have Everything
Beady for Public Service
Before Christmas.
(Special to The Call)
N'EW YORK. Nov. 5. — SIgnor Marconi,
the wireless telegraph wizard, sailed for
home to-day on the Campania efter a
visit to this country of two months. He
expects to come back in December. -. .. j
He came here to install new high-
power apparatus at Glace Bay, Cape Bre-
ton, and is convinced that soon he will
be able to begin the regular trans-Atlan-
tic commercial service of the company.
He has been working for this a long
time. He said:
"I am now returning to England to !
make changes in the Poldhu (Cornwall) \
station corresponding to those at Cape
Breton. In December I hope to be able
to demonstrate that 3500 miles is no bar
to commercial transmission.
"It was necessary to have more power,
end I have new appliances a more
perfect radiation for the electric waves."
The above telegram announcing this
most important e\ - ent in the history of
the world appeared in the newspapers
last week. It is a peculiarity of Signor
Marcor.i that he does things first and
talks about them afterward. He has ful-
filled every premise he has ever made.
Ocean daily newspapers are now pub-
lished successfully. From the time the
big Jiners leave their dock until they
reach the other side the passengers find
the news of the world in a condensed
form beside their napkins when they go
down to breakfast each morning. How
email tho Atlantic must seem, how small
the world, to those who are kept in touch
with the shores. If the "sunken wire."
as Wblttter called the cable, excited the
wonder and admiration of our predeces-
sors, how much more magical is the wire-
less telegraph, which turns the whole at-
mosphere into a machine with which to
communicate with those thousands of
miles away. Of all inventions ever made,
wireless telegraphy is unquestionably
the most wonderful and is called upon to
rer.dtr the greatest service to mankind.
But few. even among the best posted,
have «rven a faint idea of what already
has been accomplished. The Marconi
system of wireless telegraphy is now
used EVERY DAY all over the world. It
has already been the means of saving
hundreds of lives and millions of dollars
of valuable property. , j
The Marconi system has numerous sta-
tions in operation in the United States.
Alaska, Canada. .England. Germany,
Italy. Belgium, Holland. France.
Spain, India, Japan. China, Rus-
eia, Chile, Africa. South Amer-
ica. Congo and a great many other
j>laces. The Marconi system is used
every day on ail the steamers of the
American line, the Allen line, the French
line, the Belgian line, the Atlantic
Transport line, the Beaver line, the Cun-
ard line, the Red Star line, the Ham- i
burg-American line, the Holland-Ameri- ]
can line, the Italian line ar.d many others. '
It has been officially adopted and sub-:
f idized with hundreds of thousands of i
dollars, and is prominently in use on alii
the principal men-of-war, of the leading I
tovtrrsments of the world. By the Mar- !
<x»ni system wireless telegrams are |
flashed through the air to and from !
rteamfrs thousand* of miles away. In- I
credible as this may seem, nevertheless i
it is a FACT. ' j
We arc living in a remarkably progres-
sive age. Any one who has been to the !
World s Fair in St. Louis has seen with
Ida own eyes and doubts no longer the
wonderful and practical electrical inven-
tions which are to-<Jay replacing the
6low-goir.g methods of yesterday. Pro-
fessor Goldsborough. chief of the depart-
ment of electricity at the World's Fair,
in his report on the latest invention
stated that wireless telegraphy is the
most interesting if not the most impor-
tant invention of the decade, apd is to-
day thoroughly and successfully estab-
lished commercially. He said:
**It is used far more than people real-
ize in communications between stations
ca lar.<1 and upon sea."
Electrical inventions offer the greatest
opportunities of our age to those who
have th" foresight and the courage to
invest their savings in these latest time,
mony and labor saving inventions.
I^ar»re fortunes have been made by those
who invested in Edison Electric Light
and in Bell Telephone. The shares of
the Edison company increased from $100
to $4000 in one year. The profits of an
original investment of $100 in Bell Tele-
phone are to-day more than $200,000.
Marconi securities, taken NOW, «ffer as
great r.n opportunity.
The onsi of installation, of» mainten-
ance and of operation of the Marconi
pj-stem is so small compared with that
of the cable and wire systems that it can
afford to transmit messages for LESS
THAN HALF the price of the old sys-
tems. Therefore it stands to reason that
the public always gives the preference to
th* 1 cheaper rate.
Marconi securities have increased 100
per cent during the past twelve months.
a greater increase in value than any
other security in the same time.
The sale of Marconi securities has
b*t-n *'> successful that within a VERY
short time the stock will be all sold out.
The Marconi company is earning monkey
r-v«>ry day. Its "sh5p-and-shore" business
will 'soon amount to -several hundred
thousand dollars a year. Its trans-At-
lantic stations alon*> will earn enough to
pay ANNl'AL DIVIDENDS of at least
ISO PER CENT.
As a consequence of the increased as-
*ets and revenues resulting from the re-
c^nt opening of several new and impor-
tant stations the price of Marconi certifi-
catrs will be further advanced any day
from IS to $7 WITHOUT FURTHER
WARNING.
Marconi has just announced to the
world that the new trans-Atlantic sta-
tion will be tr.rov/n open to the public
for commercial business on January 1.
Immediately following this most impor-
tant ever.t there is no doubt that Jlar-
cor.i securities will be worth from TWO
to THREE TIMES cr more the present
price, in view of the above facts you
should lose r.n time in securing all you
can afford to take.
Send immediately for our free twenty-
patr» ii]ustrat»»d pamphlet, containing the
most COMPLETE information on the
Marconi systf m, its uses, the field of its
operations, the record of its achieve-
ments, its marine service, its list of ever
250 stations in operation all over the
world, and showing its earnings and
«rormous profits. The time to buy is
now, f> investlcate at once. If you wait
you will be TOO LATE. YOUR opportu-
nity will soon b» pone.
The stock is full paid and non-asses-
Fable. We receive subscriptions In blocks
of twenty certificates at $6 each for cash
or <>n easv payments.
We will send you with our pamphlet
ti copy of the MID-OCEAN DAILY, a
newspaper published on board passenger
Fteamcrs on the Atlantic SEND FOR IT
TO-DAY — RIGHT NOW BEFORE YOU
THROW THIS PAPER AWAY; other-
wise you might forget it. A postal card
will do.
Yo-j arc welcome to call at our office
and see the Marconi instrument* in op««
ration.
Address all communications and make
*U checks payable to
F. P. WARD &. CO., Bankers
4CS, 410 tafl 412 Crossley Buiiairjr.
San rrmxciicp, CaL
, Philadelphia. Chicago, Pittsburg,
St. Louis.
You can write ux in English. French,
Crman, Italian, Spanish or Scandlna-
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOUSANDS OF FAIR WOMEN
HERALD PRAISES OF PE-RU-NA
Vv VM/spy fsFf\. T fvi|« 1 j^^^^^^^^^^v^Tjyrj vfni 1 fv )/J//
Suffered Loin With Catarrh. " 1 Physiciam Hal Given Up the Cas's Miss Nalley's Story-Short, but
Miss clara case. 715 3th street, n. w.. • „ p-H-oW "WaII Interesting to Every Woman-
Washington, D. C. writes: —WOW entirely Weil. & <*
"I can think of no event in my life Miss Gertrude Linford. Vice President Miss Addie >« alie >'- J -' D street. S. E-.
that nils me with more gratitude and at Parkside Whist Club and teacher of "Washington. D. C, writes: ..; -. V
the same time a sense of future security Whist. 221 Niagara street. Euffalo, N. Y.. "A coush. the grip, catarrh of the
as a.cure after lon f suffering from ca- writes:^ _ Z^^S£?7£ l *Z£A»£ »?%££:
tarrh. brought. about by using Peruna as physlcians had practically given up my and no relief— that tells my story, a
directed. It has completely cured me. — case. story of suffering and distress that last-
Clara Case. "For a lone time I suffered with ca- ed fr.ur years.
¦p »• - a-,,*— . rn K --A v_ Dnmfla tarrh of the kidney*, had a weakness and "Then — three bottles of Peruna — ca-
fin 1F6 „ DjS&ein 1 OnOQ Oy re-ru-na. pain in the back, lost flesh rapidly, my tarrh gone, appetite and strength re-
Miss Mary Bennett, 1619 Addlson ave., feet were swollen, my face was puffed , turned — a happy woman, and none more
f, MM ' T11 _,.<,„. under the eyes and I had a waxy sallow- grateful for the blessing of health — that
inicngo. in., writes. of tne sk!n Peruna has done for me.'*— Addie
J "A few months ago I contracted a cold ..j took p PrunB fO r some time and am Nalley.
S-JT'Vh/ remedied I a cou°ld g not **".; }. cann « t T lndorse , PerURa A reward of *1 0.000 has been deposited
«h!v* it «fr remedies 1 could not tQO strong i y ."_Gertrude Linford. in the Market Exchange Bank. Cotum-
"i fln-uv took Peruna In a week 1 ' bus. Ohio, as a guarantee that the above
xnihSSl- Afte^aevSSi weeks 1 sue- I « , 4 k ; „„„ testimonials are genuine: that we hold
cVeded lr ? ridding myself of any trace of lf ?<" suffer from eaiarrh m an * in our possession authentic letters certi-
a coll and befid^r the medicine had torn do not dehy. Take feruna at tying to the same. During many yearV
toned tip my system so that I felt splen- once. D'lavs are dancerous. advertising wp have never -used a single
did."— Mary Bennett. I spurious tcstimon.al. ,Bee page -41 for announcement of a
treat Shoe Sale at the "Rightway.** •
Morris Rose, by his guardian, M. A.
Rose, yesterday, sued. the L. D. Stone
Company and R. G. Mclildonies ;f6r
$20,000 for theVjoss ; of three, fingers.
The ilrm owns a .harness l factory 'in
which the boy. was employed. -He wa*
put. to work on a straw cutting ma
chine, the operation of '¦ which, he
says, was nfw» to him. His left hand
was mangled, and three fingers had to
be amputated: *^» . _; '¦'.
Wants Pay for Fingers.
Jury Givcg Scant Mercy to Those Who
"Believe In Extinction of
~; . . ! Hnmah'Racc.
: RIAZAN, ? ; Russia, Nov. 12.— 7Elghty-
Nthree peasants of ail ages' and scxe3
j have been tried here for belonging to
the, Skoptsci sect, tha main tenec of
Which is the, extinction of the human
race. The result .of ; the trial, which
: took place behind closed door3, waa
that the jury.: acquitted eight, minors
and the" remainder of the accused
were sentenced to the loss of clv:l
rights and tr» b^.^xlled.
MEMBERS . OF NEW SECT
EXILED FROM -RUSSIA
The dead body of a woman who had
committed suicide having been found
in one cf the reservoirs from which
London is supplied with water, the
contents, amounting to 50.000,000 gal
lons, had to be allowed to run i to
waste.
In, conversation he is very animated,
of course, and Is committed to a long
string of so-called schoolgirl adjectives;
a baby.fqr instance, is "the very cun
riirigest," or. if. not that it is "too cute
for anythlnfr.".-\ He referred to the late
Postmaster " ; General.. Payne as "the
sweetest and most lovable.''^ His grreet
ing, made familiar by the paragraphers
and cartpoplst8 during the campaign,
is a hearty "delighted" or "I'm mighty,
mighty glad to see you." As a hand
shaker he is most willing and tireless.
Where there is much of it in prospect
he assumes the attitude of a golf player
about to make a drive, with his left foot
Armly in front, the bail of the right
only touching the ground, and is ready
for all comers. He will no doubt be put
to a severe test in this particular for a
long time following 'the result of the
election.
President is not Irritable, though he re
quires promptness and speed from all
about him. He dresses usually in gray
—in summer in a loose sack suit and an
immense Panama hat. ' •
XEW YORK, Xov. 12.— The follow
ing Califorrilans are in New York:
From San Francisco— R. R. Cook,
•it the Astor; Mrs. J. R. Egan, at the
Xetherland; G. G. Grant, at the Astor
House; Mrs. G.Heih,' at the Martha
Washington; R. Knlghton, at the
Hotel Imperial; Miss L. Saltonstall, at
the Netherland; H. R. Bernard, at the
Albert; N. Englander and wife, at the
Gilsey House; H. McDermott, at the
Rossmore; J. Schmitt arid Miss M:
Stewart, at the Gilsey House; D.
Bellamore, at ¦ the Earlington; Mme.
Buck, at the Maryborough; . J.; •-: M.
Etienne, at the Broadway Central;
Mrs. W. McCarthy, at th'e Marlbbr
ough, and P. Oesling and wife, at the
Cumberland.
From Los Angeles— G. C. * Brlggs, R.
D. Brown, W. 8. Hook Jr., Mrs. W. S.
HoOk and B. S. Hook, at .the \ Hotel
Imperial; F. Mareno Jr., at the Marl r
borough ; Mrs. A. F. Rosenhelmer, at
the Park Avenue; L. W. Harriett, at
the Herald Square; G.-W. Bennett, at
the Murray Hill; W. Hendry, , at , the
Grand Union,: and J. M.-Nissen, at the
Broadway, Central. . - ' -
Califomlnns in-Xcw York.
Dr. G. B. Wilson of Pullman, Wash.,
who is a member of. the Senate of that
State, is a guest at the Palace.
M. R. Perrin, assistant superintend
ent of; the San Diego Electric Rail
way Company and the Coronado Rail
road Company, is in" thiS^city for a
few days on business. .
Banker George S. Nixon of Winne
mucca. who will succeed. William II.
I Stawart as United States Senator from
! Nevada, arrived here yesterday and
is registered at the Palace. -
I United States Senator Francis G.
i^wev.iands of Nevada, who. has."- been
in this city for several days,. leaves to
night for El Paso, where he will at
tend the irrigation congress;
' E. Edgar Galbraith, an attorney of
Los Angeles, arrived at the Occidental
yesterday. _ ;
Frank A. Harris of the Imperial
Railways of North China is registered
at the Grand.
IYnu-li Minister*? Policy Indorsed at
Knil of l>clKit<; l^ASlins
Ten Days.
PAP.I^. Nov. 12. — Foreign Minister
Delcasse secured a notable triumph
to-night when the Chamber of Depu
ties by an overwhelming majority
ratified the Anglo-French colonial
treaty and at the same time grave Par
lJiinjfiitary jmproval of his policy of
ten days' debate.
The resolution approving M. Del
casss's declarations was adopted by
436 ayes to 94 nays. The treaty was
then ratified by 4 43 to 100 votes.
The effect of the Anglo-French
treaty is to terminate French sover
eignty over the Xewfoundland shore,
but- throughout the principal signifi
cance .of the debate was attached to
the treaty giving practical effect to
Anglo-French rapprochement.
PELGASSE WIXS APPROVAL
IX CHAMIJKK OF DEPUTIES
J rapprochement between France and
I Great Britain.- The voted, closed a
rERSOXAI,.
There' are a number of questions of
first interestvto the army and some, to
the navy. General Thomas H. Barry
has recommended the enlistment of ne
groes for service in the artillery corps.
Will the recommendation be adopted?
Fifteen civilians are to be named as
second lieutenants. Their names? The
case of Colonel W. L. Pitcher for Jilt
ing Mtes Harold— will it be dropped?
Shall the name of John J. Smith of the
army hospital corps, who married a
negress, be taken from the. roster?
Two vacancies in the list of army
chaplains are to be filled. Considerable
interest is felt here as to what other
statues are to be placed alongside that
of Frederick the Great at the new army
war college. . , •¦-¦•'
In the Navy Department there is the
type of the proposed hew warships to
be determined and .the problem of how
to secure officers for ships going Itito
commission. The" location- is; to be de
termined also of the naval training sta
tion on the Great Lakes-fa question
that was Bebated long and I with heat
in Jjoth House and Senate last winter!
Of interest" to labor generally \s the
ARMY- AXD NAVY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.-rNow that
it is all over, the Government may be
expected to turn with more or less com
plaisance to the' consideration of a long
series of matters of wide general Inter
est that have been held somewhat in
abeyance.
Secretary Taf t will begin the resump
tion—I was golng.to say of the ordinary
course of things— with his Journey to
Panama looking to the settlement of
the difficulty between that' state and
the canal strip. But the dispatching of
a member of the Cabinet to e foreign
country on a mission is altogether out
of the ordinary. However, it seems to
be I a popular move, so considered at
home as well as in Panama. That
; Judge: Taft will accompilsh the im
portant purpose of the journey no
doubt is felt.
Followirig him goes the Congressional
committee to survey the whole field of
the canal that they may learn at first
hand the legislative needs of that big
Job. The committee will eall from New
York about the 14th inst. on the trans
port Sumner, now being fitted out for
the purpose. Save for this Government
aid the members will ( pay their indi
vidual expenses. They will study the
conditions on , the- isthmus and will be
instructed in the problems of the great
undertaking, so that they may meet its
demands for the years of legislation
that are ahead with cjear, understand
ing. The present system of government
in the canal zone will be a subject to
study on the ground. If found atjfaujt
the committee will be able to suggest a
remedy. **
Shall- there be an extra session of
Congress to revise the tariff was a
query raised during the progress of the
campaign. The question is now to be
answered— probably in -the negative.
Extra session or not, there is the ques
tion™ of. reciprocity with Canada— and
whal Is the answer? .
The -new Chinese exclusion treaty—
how is it to be framed so as to meet all
demands as to granting wider privl r
leges to merchants and travelers and
yet preserving the same close rules as
against the admission of the objection
able class required particularly by the
Pacific Coast. That is to be determined
this winter. \
The -report on. the beef trust remains
to be acted upon. What may be done
with it is an interesting speculation.
Then there is Judge Days' report on
corruption among offlcialp in Alaska—
always a fruitful theme. What will it
disclose? • ,
Will Mr. Wynne remain as Postmaster
General? If so, what is to be the v dispo
sition of Mr..Cortelyou? Jf not, what
is to be done with Mr. Wynne?. After
having been Postmaster - General his
former 'Job' is properly closed;, to htm.
There has been a good ». deal of pub
lished speculation on these points—^they
are now to be settled. ¦
With all his tremendous energy the
The State Department will also,
among other things, hav«' to determine
as to what action shall. be taken re
garding the confiscation of the asphalt
property of American citizens by Presi
dent Castro in Venezuela; as to wheth
er to interfere in behalf of peace be
tween Haytl and Santo Domingo, West
India's warring, republics; . the Congo
Free State question, etc. .
Pictures df President Roosevelt befero
and after election are strikingly alike.
He is always highly Interested in some
thing. A week ago it was the election,
of course, though he by no means lost
interest in other things during the
warm .campaign. To-day he turns with
an enthusiasm no whit less in the work
that has piled up before the adminis
tration. - ' "¦
The President is 46 years of age. He
carries no sign of a gray hair and is so
full of ginger that a- fencing master re
cently said of him that he would fall
to become ah 'expert with the foils only
because he was so fond of making a
"rough house." As exercise he prefers
lively sports, and is given much, to ten
nis and fencing, but these have the
fault of being too tame for him.' though
he performs at either as hard as the
rules allow.
The routine of his life has not been
disturbed by the stress of the campaign
nor by the. results of the election. He
rises regularly at 7:30 o'clock and sits
down to a hearty breakfast an hour
later. Promptly at 9:15 he crosses at a
brisk walk from the White House to his
office, which is a plain little brick
building In the White House grounds
just west of the resideincej-a building
which Is called the "mystery," becaiisq
it is said, that no man'. can tell how
the. large sum ol money, that it cost
couid be put into the little thing. But
that has nothing to do with this story.
By 10 o'clock the President has had his
Interview with Secretary Loeb, dis
posed of his mail and dispatches and is
ready to receive visitors. Except on
Cabinet days these follow one another
in quick succession, each being heard
fully, however, until. 1:15. Then the
door IS clbscd to remain and the Presi
dent comes under the hands of his bar
ber there in his office.
luncheon is served at the "White
House at-a o'clock. Here there are in
variably several guests. ,A fter luncheon
the President usually spends a half
hour with his family on the south por
tico of the residence In summer, or goes
to his library to read unless something
of special importance calls him back
to his office. ' At 4:80 he turns to the
tennis court or goes for a ride or other
exercise. Dinner, i» served at 7:30, ana*
here also there. Is usually, a guest.
The* President Is a great reader, |3«
vqurs books and newspapers and en-
Joys the cartoons — some of them — in
which he is pictured. His interest in
warships and in "naval architecture
amounts almost to a fad. He can dis
cuss this- subject even to minute de
tan's with the exparts. t
IS AliWAYS PLEASANT-
question in this connection: aa to
whether the employes In the navy yard
are to receive the^ increase in pay for
which, they have made demand3.
In the diplomatic service there are a
have more or Is as special interest on the
Pacific Coast. A successor 13 to be
named for Judge J. F. Cooper of the
Philippine Supreme Court. The sending
of W. W. Rockwell, chief of the Bureau
of American Republics, to China to sue
ceed Mr. Conger as American Minister
has been talked of. . Should this be done
there would be Mr. Rockwell's place to
be filled. The promotion of Herbert W.
Bowen, Minister to Venezuela, to be
Embassador to Mexico to succeed Gen-.
eral Powell Clayton, still remains, to be
determined. Then there is the case. of
John Goodnow, Consul General at
Shanghai. Will he succumb to the
strong opposition developed against
him?
VENEZUELA TROUBLE.
Passing - of Election: Clears Way
for Affairs " of ; State.
Important Matters to Be Decided
BUSY DAYS AWAIT
PRESIDENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; NOVEMBER \ 13, 1904.
34
r^ftk BBS hot Worth of Purnitur* aid Carotts forjff^O Cash and il&Ovn
Sp S H Week — We MaSt a> Specialty of rumishinjr riats Complete, g
Rife B **^ OTO TXBMS AX.PO * APPIiT TO O AKL ASTD . A1AKEDA, 1
S| BEJXXEIiinr AKD A£L SUBUSpS AXlTt TOWN*. H
IV. ON: OOLUR fp WE£K % gf^ AN AGGGUNF. j
got ¦ «| iiiiw»**45ifc»ii ONFALL "?¦:'¦• ;'" :^ .'I
25VO ReCBlICuOn QDDS and ENDS I
J sg^^^^^^S- : ' I Combination \.- 1 §
I Extension Dining Tebic - 5-inch 1 $ 2:>00 v * lu * ' g|f [JS , J
legs, jolid oik. 6 feet long, ffgu- ¦ •wSSs-e-i-J 1/ I
J«$28CO,whiUth*y>;^^ J- $10.00 ff***^^ J
1 '•'" -^.v '¦¦!;.'••¦ ' DinJhe Chair .^. - |
S ?^w - c * ppeL : Rnss '"' -'Goo^^^ ."j
I S^ J K' yard lengths strong, ser- TQ^^Hft |
Body Brussels, c) **ix, cane E^L^ |
I (^&/S^ minsters, $3.50. ' Spe- RS^^K^ 1
» ¦•-* '*' '." * ¦ ' « ¦' '. *-*'¦/•¦'¦¦ ' - * : ."¦- - * - ' _^^_— ' ' '-^ * ' ' '" ' " * * t ¦'., . y • ' **» * *"."-'„" X"' ¦-» «*- •'."•'¦ */ ¦" - JO
IF 1 — ¦ ¦"'.. - . . . - - ¦""^^^B^B^B^^^^^^ BH. .
ff \ ;.. — '.'.*:¦ ¦¦".-* ."¦.-" - -:^ i y ; r< ':',..' -^ *-'+•'* V-'*i % » \ '^v'- 1 .. Y *.-
\d®&S/i2. POST ST. *0M 1HI Wmj
!•$;¦&¦ }-C '.-:'-¦, ADVERTISOlEyrS. .. -^
THIS MAN'S MYSTERIOUS POWER
HEALS WHEN ALL OTHERS FAIL
DEFEATS DEADLY DISEASES
Cures Hundreds by Mew and Marvelous
Method of Treatment
MAKES THE UHE WALK AND THE DEAF HEAR
And Performs Other Seeming: Miracles That Pass Under-
standing—No Disease He May Not Cure.
HAS HE SUPERNATURAL GIFTS?
Discards U*«les» Drugs and Medldnes. Yet Heals Hopeless Invalids Ptonom»d
<'S, Incurable by Physicians. - *^.;^
Oflers Service* and Home Treatment Free of Charge to Rich and Poor AIBcc—
Believes It His Doty to Cod and Man to Labor for the .*
Sick and Afflicted Who Stand*in Need.
; : : ''— ¦ S
NEWTQRK, Nov. 5. — (Special Corre- him. I restored him to life and healtb
power of Professor William Wallace leUer frQm MraE c McManu. of Elll-
Hadley of this city, which enables him to gon AJa W hich will give you an ide* of
cure hopeless Invalids when doctors, how my patients regard my power to
drugs and all other means have failed, cure." The writer copied Mrs. Mcilanus*
L a mm^r\ir 1 ci?c^ d D h7sicfa e n r s and 1™ SSiftaS "Si
comment In all circles, physicians and d i sease; at last my hea ith is restored.
scientists beintras much in the dark for an<i to me It seems little short of a mir-
an explanation as those outside the med- acle that you could absolutely cure any
leal profession one. as sick as I was. When you made
Various attempt- to discover this -J^J aralnyo^cur^ catarrh of^h.
man s secret have failed, since he has re- disea8e . female trouble and piles. AU
fused to disclose the source of his most these you cured, as I am the living wlt-
marvtlous control over disease and his ness. I am so thankful to you for all
strange power to stay the clutch of that you have done for me. for all you
death Tet tha nroven facts and evident-* saved «ne from. I Would have died with-
-k *u 1 , u a a #i * ®^ Ide n c « out your treatment. May God bleas you
show that in hundreds of Instances, when and your good WO rk." And one from C
patients have been pronounced hopelessly S. Harrell of Cato. Ark., reads: "Tou
Incurable and given up to death by doc- seem to know Just what the trouble is
tors. Prof esqor Hadley has restored them R " d J u^t how to cure it. .Hereafter I am
to health so easily and quickly that it through with quack doctors and their
borders closely upon the miraculous or I "fel^ss drugs, fcr they are not worth a
divine. These cures are the more strange I pinch of salt compared wita your treat-
and startling since It Is known that he me pV, J I was slck so lons with U Y cr
has discarded the useless drugs usually *** kidney disease and stomach troubla
prescribed by physicians and accom- that aI2 the blood seemed gone from my
plishes th«s« marvels by a new and won- £ odv -, an< J l l°°ked like a corpse ready for
derful method of treatment unlike any burial. I was so weakened and suff-red
i heretofore known to science. Indeed, one 8O much and so constantly that I could
! womair-fcoes so far as to state that Pro- n. ot w ; ork °. n P v * a "n as 1 needed to.
fessor Hadley made her heart beat again £ ow J am feeling wonderfully different.
In her body when she was prepared for . You h » v « driven the disease out of my
the grave, and he has performed dozens °° d y , RS y° u promised, and I assure you
of pther seeming miracles of healing in that I am most thankful for it. I feel
the face of death. He claims that there that you saved my life.
is no disease he may not cure, and there "Cases come to me from all over the
is every reason to believe that this claim, country," continued the professor, -that
startling as it is, is no more than the lit- have baffled some of the beat physicians
eral truth, since the records show that and specialists, where one dortor has
he has cured cancer, consumption, paral- said the trouble was one thing and the
ysla. deaf ness, drug and liquor habit, and next' something else, until the patients
other diseases supposed to be Incurable were at a loss to know what disease they
with the same ease and certainty that he really, were suffering frcm. Is it an>
cured stomach and kidney troubles, rheu. wonder the sufferers fail to g«t well
matism. catarrh and the more common when they ,are not only treated for tha
ailments that human flesh |s heir to. wrong disease, but also given useless
'Powerful- and peculiar as is Professor medicines on the hit or miss plan? .But
Hadley's. ability, an almost equally re- 1 I am able to hiake a correct and careful
markable thing about thia. man if the diasmosi* of each case that omes to me.
fact that he gives his treatment free of and. seeing the cause, apply the power to
to rich and poor alike, devoting- cure." ;J . •« . .
himself to the relief of afflicted human- "But how about those who can not af-
ity Independent of fees or reward. He ford to come to New York to have you
is quoted ae saying that he looks upon treat them?"
i this power he possesses as a divine gift. "It does not make the slightest dlffer-
and that he feels It is his duty as a fnca.' I cure them in their own home;
Christian to help all who stand in need. Just as easily and Just as surely a* if I
! without attempting to extort money for went to them or they came to me. 'Dis-
| his services. - tance can not weaken the healing power
' During a recent interview with Profes- I have. All that any one who is ill In
I sor Hadley. the eminent scientist firmly any way. from any cause, has to do is to
but courteously declined to discuss the write me a letter, addressing William
secret of the power that he holds, but AVallace Hadley. office 546. 70* Madison
; finally was, induced to speak of some of avenue. New York, telling. me the disease
the almost miraculous cures he has made, they suffer from most, or their principal
! Speaking of the case of Joseph R. Stew- symptoms, ase-and sex. and I will glva
art of Camden, N. J.. one of his recent them a* course of home treatment abso~
patients, Professor Hadley said: "Mr. lutely free of charge."
Stewart had been told by various physl- "I>o you really mean that any one who
1 clans that he had cancer of the stomach, is sick can write you to be cured without
complicated with kidney disease and paying any money. ' _ t~
bowel trouble, that his case was incura- "Yes. I mean just that. I believe that
ble and beyond the reach of medicine, as a Christian It is my duty to God and
and th»t he. must make the best of what man to help all who are in need. When
little life was left to him before death I have been given the power to cure I do
claimed him. He KUfferad most terrible not believe that I have the right to make
agony, and was on the verge o{ the grave any one waste his money on useless
wtien he applied to me as a last resort drugs when I ,can heal them
Notwithstanding, what the doctors had without them. It is not alone-
said. I accepted the case, put him under the needless expense. but raedl-
my tfeatment and cured him. To-day he cines and the surgeon s knife of ten
is worth a good many dead men. and in a do more harm than good, as even th«
recent letter to me speaks of his cure as medical profession will confess if they
' a- "miracle/ Then there was the case of speak* the truth. We all owe a duty to
Mrs: M. Worthlngton of Egg Harbor, N. our fellow men. we must all serve In one
¦ J. For twentyrfive years she had been a way or apother. Where a rich man fives
i hopeless invalid from complicated female money I give health. I am not a million-
troubles, many long months .bedridden in alre, but I am able to afford to do my
hospitals and pronounced hopelessly in- share toward relieving the sufferings . of
curable and given up -to die ¦ by all her mankind. And I am happy to give freely
physicians. But she put her faith in me. of my services wherever they are needed-
threw away her old medicines, and to-day And lam especially anxious to cure any
is the picture and . reality of perfect poor mortal who has been told that his
health. I took the case of Mr. E. C. Bess or her case is incurable, that there Is no
Of El Campo, Texas, after the doctors hope left on earth. Of any one who has
i hud given him up to death and cou'd do grown weary spending money on drags
nothing to revive him. Brought to this and doctors in a vain search for health,
condition by the combined attack of kid- if they will write to me and accept my
ney and liver disease, dropsy and articu- offer there is not only hope but an al-
lar rheumatism, he suffered the torments most absolute certainty that they need
of the damned and was almost insane • be sick no longer. And it is a blesslns
with pain. . Doctors and their medicines I that my power makes a. letter to ma do
failed utterly. But I did not fail. I cured I Just as much good as a personal vlalt."
'advertisements. . .
At* Cut, Prices -/
NG bC M
If you've never Riven me an order
for Kodak Developing and Printing.
Send me a trial order now. Y<uril b»
pleased and will order again. Every-
body likes my work and m7 prices.
Roll of Six ,ioe
Roll of Twelve ...15c
Solio finish: Sc to 5c
V* lox finish 3c to 6c
I.OA25IITG rrr^I3 — In
all- popular sizes and popular prices.
AJTBCO Cfl2T3SAS— In^ali r?guUr
«t«s. SU.00 up. /
CYXO ?33rO I»ar7Ii— Prints by
artrflcial lipht. Civ* p«rf?ct rt«»f>II.
Camercs repaired at moderate
prices.
Order by mall if you're out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS
. F. W. PITTS, Th* Stationer. ,
IOCS MAEECT.STSEET, Opp. Plfth.
SAN FRANCISCO. *
ADVEKTISEMK.VTS. '
& EXPANSION— THAT IS FOR US; and prices reduced one-third with the easiest-
3 of payments and credit liberal to a fault -THAT IS FOR YOU. The combmation
I will take the town. The contractors who are making this into a nine story build-
| ing have not completed their worlf; and we are force* to sbII 4>ur samples off
II the floors to make room for our hoi day stock. Now, is- the time for a
i beautiful g'ft for the horns — an easy chair, a couch or a table, something that
I will beautify Ihe room and last for years. We show but a few of the hun-
| dreds of bargains we are offering. Yon must coma and look about you to
i appreciate what we have done. „ . >- • ¦
& i. TABLE BUFFET— Richly grained; {W^g^ffiy^ " 6 ' EXTENSION TABLE —
f\ lir.cn drawer snd chaf.ng dish* slieli. Either iJ^a^^fe^S^ft **^
0 golden oak or weathered; polish or dull Neat square tsp; carved legs;
1 finish. Regularly $17.50. Now JJ^QQ Rreat ValUe " Regularly <Cfi 7^
I Some Great Dinlna Boo m Specials tor Thanksgiving Day.
3. DINING CHAIR 3. DINING TABLE 4. SOLID OAK 5 . DINING CHAIR
— Finely polished —Massive oak, perfect SI D EBO A r^ c JfJ^ —Triple brace; square
grained oak, box scat, slides and leaves; seats French plate mirror; posts; braced back.
French legs, Banister Io people. Fluted legs. curved top; linen, cut- Reg. $1.35, now QC^
back. Reg. <r<p CA 45 j nc h C s in diam«ter. lery and wine clo-.ets. 7Jt
$350. Now...P£.w>V Reg. $25. C1C HO Reg. $22. tfil-OC; " "/' , ¦ '
1 \6 io a cuitomer.S Now $1D.UU No^ . . . . . l^O3 \ (6 to a customer^
f7 7. MANTEL FOLD- g . BRASS BED — rrdBSteab.'
J^JIi^j^^d^^p^l ING BED— Grained Sells regularly for W'£ / (
W^^^^^M a goldcn oak colori of I ' 5 beaut i ifu a ii y ""fa?- Wfflk
*&& !^ C; S'' r M M including sprins mat " quere^VoUd 5 bra^s" & ' $)ffM '
Q i [ "¦ - -r^<^^»^J bj tress; any size; regu- burnished like jrold. ft , II t I I I 1 AJ&<l'j_*vL* $1
c tMr< f •> <$$$$& fffl® S Iar $I75 °' SA7 This Sii7 7^ t i . KfeS^SSa
. >;V^V k V.^ K now. ¦¦¦•... 4)1^. JU week »fllf.f D J > . '. . U j ¦ '~M
2 WS^/^^ mahogany, uphol- Worth $8.50. 3 draw-'
I To'vc r^^soS' ers ' bevel P ]ate mir "
I I k^^tf^^^Sr rcg'' c $io! anc c«c b n^ jsh - SpeciaI '$S 85 .
j g fj " Vi now $4>.UU this wcek..*P»** OJ
I ORIENTAL COUCH COVERS ....GAS STOVE...
;'¦;: 3 yards by .... . . m^- '^. M _ HINIflR fiASl RANfiF '¦>
h f '< b ! C '^ ?3 °? '$&^%Sgb$'0 i antee perfect satisfac-
1 ()f?IFNTU flKHinNC 20x20 inchcs - P rctt y color w I ¦ w If now
g UHltil I ALlUiniUPli effects, tassel on each JJ JH — If ' 0<ft f\r
X corner. A good fat pillow worth $1.00; spe- Cf» rt «¦¦ |\' iSI/.nn
g cia!. each DKfy \2u*- ' U|fclv ''
\jh: OAoc of ihe Aristocracy H
Svoryono can af/ord to wear ' Sorosis 1
Jfceaith jCocLihar Shoos, $3.50 \por pciir "I
Xo,one can iiffprd not to wear Sorosis Health" ,;¦ |
!-cather, which allows the feet to breathe freely, ' I!
keeping them in a cool, dry, wholesome atmos- If
:»here and protecting them against . sudden fj
.cliangcs of temperature. * ; P
The nobility of Great Britain "arid Europe e
wear Sorosis in preference to any other shoes. §
Two cents will carry a Sorosis certificate "good P
in Sorosis shops the world over. No better or- |
prettier holidjiy present. . ' iSome iwfll .' Invitations come from Edward
Knowles Co,',. 24 Second < ¦!!.'. nn'. Market.'-' •"¦.
ST. LOUIS,* Nov. 12.— The follow
ing San Franciscans have registered
at the ; California building:
C.-W. Owens, A. M." Brown. Mrs. A.
Roberts,' Mrs; 'J. C. Bill, "J. B. Cams
and wife, H. R. Bernard, J. Lindberg.
G. W. Pfarr. R. L. Williams, J. T.
Bill, O. H. Bill. C. Hotrom. J. W. Lea
vitt. C. sT.4O'Kane. R. Wieneke, vM.
Lleb. E.'Lieb. '
Many People From West Enjoy Sights
at Exposition. :: ' ."
SAN FRAN'CISCANS AT FAIR.
Filipino with a white girl leaning on
his- arm without: experiencing a surg
ing wrath that produces unpleasant
complications. The antipathy toward
the Filipino warriors playing the gal
lant to American damsels reached a
culminating point -in a St. Louis •the
ater a few nights ago. A scout en
tered the balcony wfih ' a white girl
and a. storm of hisses assailed them
as they made their way down to thefr
seats. As they seemed to brave this
the crowd' srew angry and violence
would: have followed had not an usher
Induced ' the scout and his lady to
leave, the theater."
Thus is one . of the greatest Joys
of our newlv^ acquired brothers at the
World's Fair- marred. The visiting
Filipino may, forget all about
the graceful * lines of the ex
hibit palaces and President Fran
cis' ovations, but the difficulty he
had , in" going the length" of the Pike
with Mag or Rosle without getting his
head caved in will never vanish from
his memory.
BURGLARS .WRECK- SAFE I
IN A MERCHANDISE STORE
.
Blow Up Z Stroiis: Box • AVith ¦ Dynamite
and Secure $ 1500 and a Lot
\ of Jewelry."
TEHAMA, Nov. 12.— Burglars effected
an entrance to the general merchandise
store of D." Small & Son last night by
forcing . one of -the side doors. They
then proceeded. to dig a' hole In the front
wall of the brick vault contained there
in. The wall Is more than two feet in
thickness, but by using bars and dyna
mite they succeeded in cutting a large
hole around the hinges supporting the
iron doors.- which permitted of the doors
being forced open. Upon gaining an en
trance'to the vault they proceeded to
wreck a large safe. . The door of this
was blown open, evidently by dynamite.
Several coin sacks, containing $1500, are
missing from the safe, together with a
quantity of Jewelry.
The fondness of the little brown
men for American srlrls and the" fond-'
ness of a certain class of girls in; St.
Louis for their company have pror
duced morejthan one .unseemly; row,
on the fair crounds and in the city.
Jefferson " guards, " : United ' : " States
soldiers and. some; other Caucasians
who acknowledge .,; allegiance : to - the
United States 'seem unable to uass a
LIKE AMERICAN GIRLS.
by San Franciscans and which seems
like a slice cut out of San Francisco's
Chinatown, so numerous are . the Du
pont and Clay street faces within its
lnclosure. It is alleged. that there is
a scheme on foot to turn loose in this
country the drove -of Celestials
brought direct from China under bond
for the concession. The several wily
Mongolians from San Francisco 'who
are connected with the 1 concession are
alleged to be connected with the plot.
The Government is keeping a close
¦vratch on the imported heathens and
it looks as if most of them would be
returned to China. An effort will un
doubtedly be made to- work the sub
stitution game In this case.
A coincidence in connection .with
this trouble is the fact that. James
It. Dunn, formerly Chinese Inspector,
in San Francisco, but who was.trans
fcrred to the Immigration Bureau In
St. Louis, is the Government official
in charge of the Chinese in the Pike
village. He Is expected to see that
none remain illegally in , this, coun-
It was alleged, that the guarded
Chinese had armed themselves heavi
ly and were preparing to make a dash
for liberty and . scatter themselves
throughout Missouri .until after, .; the
fair was a thing of the past- and; the
Government had relinquished its vigi
lance. A search' by United States
marshals did not reveal any arsenal. ,
The ranks of the Filipinos at the
World's Fair are beginning, to be
thinned out. . Manyrof the scouts and
other natives have returned to the
islands by way of San "Francisco and
those remaining are. not favorably im
pressed with the chill of the nights.
ble In evidence at the Chinese Vil- j
lage on the Pike, a concession owned i
There are several varieties of trou-
The first county to have its exhibit
ready at the fair was San Joaquin, and
its commissioner, Colvin B. Brown, has
Ijten the first to depart for home. He is
now spending a few days in New Mex
ico, and will resume his labors for the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce about
the first of next month. Brown was ten
dered a banquet by his fellow exhibit
or? in the California section on the eve
of his departure. There were about for
iy people "at the banquet and several
speeches wtre made, the speakers re
ferring with pride to the work that had
been done and the good accomplished
for the State.
The affair was made the occasion for
the presentation to Commissioner
Frank Wiggins of a gold watch chain
by the county representatives. Brown,
as president of their organization, mak
ing the presentation speech.
Henry Ellis, who has been Commis
sioner Brown's assistant here and who
is known as one of the cleverest among
the California promoters, will have
charge of the San Joaquin exhibit dur
ing the rest of the fair and will attend
to repacking it and sending it home.
The repacking of exhibits cannot
be beeun under the rules of the ex
position until after the last, day of
the fair. It will take about two weeks
to repack the larger California dis
plays. This work is not so hard for
skilled hands, as everything- not used
up here eroes back into its old place
in the cases, which are kept In stor
age at the fair at the rate of 5 cents
per cubic foot, which Includes haul
ing to and from the freight cars.
There will not be much of this haul
ing to be done for the county exhibits,
as a double railroad track runs right
through the center of the Palace of
Agriculture ?.nd the freight trains can
he run into it.
The State Commission, with Its
more unwieldy exhibits on hand, -will
have a harder task packing, but ex
perienced men will tear things to
pieces and eet them on cans rapidly.
All the exhibitors hope to get home
before Christmas, but some will hard
ly reach California before the first of
the year.
FEAR A CHINESE PLOT.
GUT FOR WIGGINS.
tion unless the estimate of average ex
penditure is too high. It's worse than
having the circus come, to town, but it
shovrp the prosperity of California, and
th!p lesson has not been lost on the
world. "There must be money out there
if so many people can come such a long
way to see this fair," has been a com
mon comment.
The railroad companies were paid
Fomethtng like J2.000.000 by these peo
ple. In round numbers the people of
California paid something like $5,000,000
to see the Louisiana Purchase Exposi-
Since the election the title of travel
rrom the coast has dwindled to small
proportions, and the yellow and the
blue badger, representing California
and her metropolis,' are not seen with
the frequency that they were. At the
California building 22,003 State badges
have been given away, and 2500 San
Krancisco badges have been passed out
at that city's building. Its register
shows that about 4500 San Franciscans
visited the fair. Mathematicians can
figure out from these statistics of at
tendance how much money the State
at California expended on the fair aside
from the quarter of a million spent in
exhibiting, including that contributed
by the counties. The only question that
tends to niakf- the estimate vague is
how much each of these visitors spent
here. Placing the average at $100, the
total left in St. Louis by Californians
i? 13,550,000.
CALL BUREAU. PRESS BUILDING.
ST. LOUIS. Xov. 12.— Getting home to
vote his been the principal concern of
Califnrnlans at the fair during the last
lew weeks, ai5d election day saw a less
number of adult males here from that
State than most any other day since
the fair b^jjan. Some Democrats, who
couldn't see any chance for Parker in
California ;iny\vay, lemained, not dc-em-
Uig that the mere pleasure of voting for
the man of their choice without putting
him a particle nearer the Presidential
(hair would do them any good. Among
these was Max Popper, who has been
doiER the fair in a leisurely way for
more than a. month. He consoled him
self bv listening to Commissioner Nor
man E. Mack at the New York State
building tell uhat a majority the Em
pire State would give Judge Parker.
BY PAUL. EDWARDS
Work of Packing Exhibits
for Shipment Home Is to
Commence in a Few Days
VISITORS ARE LIBERAL
It Is Estimated That the
R Exhibition Cost State, in
Neighborhood of $3,550,000
CALIFORNIA'S
GOLD AT FAIR
"Thecare-of the Insane patients is
another matter that needs correction.
As long "as the - present practice is con-f
tinued of. tilling the State asylums with
patients that should be properly cared
for at* the\ various', county poor.': farms
just ¦ so 3 long; are ; the State ! institutions
bound to' be?,overcrowded and condi
tions unsatisfactory.* ; I shall recom
mend some legislation along this line."
.Governor, "Pardee does not favor; the
building -, a ' new State "prison in
Southern ~, California or . elsewhere. .. but
believes; thRt _the'. present; buildings,
especially the *Ton«j--at'San Quentin,
should be;. enlarged. He .will also.rec
omraend'an - increase; in ;the appropria
tion'.of ¦ money 'for.a; display . of the re
sources of the .'State. Tlie.sum; of
,$20,000 . appropriated last • year for this
purpose he believes to be insufficient.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 12.— Governor
Fardee stated, in an. interview to-day
some of the subjects which . will . .be
treated in his next annual message to
the State Legislature.
. •'Revenue- and taxation," said ..the
Governor,. "wilL be the principal top
icsin my. message. How to raise more
revenue arid at the, same time, lessen
taxation is a subject which the people
are always interested in. Another sub
ject will' b&'',the" one -of the care' of the
criminal in the State Institutions.. Some
plan', must; be devised for the segrega
tion" of- the 'one-termers' from the more
hardened 'convicts. '.-.
Governor Pardee Discusses
Matters He Will Bring to
.Attention of Legislature
GIVES OUTLINE
OF HIS MESSAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
Straw, pressed Into blocks and
made hard enough for use as. pave
ment, is in' use for ' this ' purpose In
some of : the streets of Warsaw, Po
land. ¦ V , . ...'• ;-• . •
Greenbcrg & Grecnberg.
Monday only. Sale of Ladles'.; sWoolen
Waists. -Regular SI. 50, J2.00, $3.00; spe
cial, Monday, only, 95c\ 31-37 Grant Ave.«
' : MARSHFIELDi Or.; Nov. ¦ 12. — The
steam whalingr. schooner "William
Baylies, -which '- sailed from Unalaska
October 22, ' put in here to-day, short
of fuel-: and .provisions. She has . on
board 10,000 pounds. of bone and 400
barrels of oil. She will sail for San
Francisco in the morning.--
Whaler Short of Fuel.
Considering the hysterics Into which
civilization was -thrown by rela
tively small affair at-Kishinev; civiliza
tion' retains; Its composure ¦ wonderfully
well 'while •• whole? towns are .being
obliterated ,-and; their people ; tortured
toy death- -by ;.bashi-bazouks.? j! civiliza
tion^ evidently . is . cultivating , self-con
trpliHSMHftflBB! WSSUSBBBUBBEaBBBi
35
wjwwiww^^ ,.-,.... 1 .
i Holiday Booklets children's ChrisimBS Gifts Should r Be Bought Novelty Scientific Books |
I booklets, one entitled "Easy Gift u *' " u bydty folks*?s well. There can be. no better time thin the present. Assortments- for Ken o t Alexander vo»t co. j
I Getting," and "The Emporium's H^°$0£§. or merchandise for ; Christmas. giving are now completejn •every detail, from the S
n Holiday Book Bulletin. Besides high, c» ni seat i 3 most beautiful diamond rings and ornament^ to the simplest^^ and least expensive «jick R 0 =eR«i" t*<ate Ktenture on an kmdsof suhjt« 3 in the J
i 00^ S^s-ilS toys. . The' Emporium is better prepared than '^ver to support its/reputation as &t:gt§ J^fS :?
*•' treneMi ntiiopue which out-o'f- ""»; . ch - j p / £ headquarters for holiday goods. - -»« >«•". » ! ». *«¦» *>™ °» wh » ch «f i h °? . wo " 1 * -J
k > general CaiaiOgue, WHICH out ui fl.joj in toy de- 7, c . - r. . many pat te.-ni; others are not up to dite, but still fall of va!u- "2
*! town folks Should Send for at Once partment, Mor.daj, You* Cin have the first Pickings HOW. Q*>nd«; CII bi sent bv freight or each,.. able infjrmitijn, an! at ths prices wonderful x
%' if they have not already, received tf « «r» _ ••¦ . " r~~"r~~H 7- T~~ — — " ~~ - ,-...- ! ! •• . ¦ en#» " To.bedcstd cut— si.ootoi^.oo >
K a copv All free for the asking. &1miO Rpc;ive the best attention from clerks. express and surely arrive in t'me. , . OUC books 15o to 50o each J
$ Monday and Tuesday a Sale of ;.|^ U Monday, Tuesday! and Wednesday FOt* MOHtl&y SMtl TUGStl&y |
i Dainty Imported Embroideries AnotherGreat Event in suit Dept. ; Immense Sale Dress Goods *
I At a Fraction Real Vaue Sale of Walking and Dress At 6 y c var i/ s
Jf Many thousands or yards ot fine worked cambric, nainsook and Swiss 90.^^ $9 9S AA 9llf/ 4i7 ?A . ¦¦¦'' ~' ' j • r • w j u- ' 5
£' embroideries edging', flouncjngs, insertions and aliovers, on sa'.e beginning &M$ffSrM9 qE&mdS&j Zp%Jm WJU SMMtU ip £ m+9%M This salecannot be compared to any previous event of its kind this J
! %' - _««' « •' u/ A .,//i r ¦ ,— — * 'i^-^ar season, ss goods of similar quality rarely find their way to the bargain- conn- £
|« 7c for embroideries worth up ti l. g c $5 f o $12.50 [F\\WHs<s (lau+w' [ V \\4 3 « ' ' " r " such . an extremely low price. There arc values up to $1.75* yard. ,
$ — — — — —^ - - —- . » ill 1 \\\ ' • hi w\ , The assortment includes: . . •*
:« 12c for embroideries worth ur> to 25c 1 he next three days » VJi x \\ \\\ 1 \ \M ¦ .- .¦-_,••¦.- •/•¦_ . ¦ ..¦_ . M . -'••-. ..V .. :¦¦¦ '_ ... 5
!k i : ~ZT ' will -tinrinnhtrtiiv hf» \ W M' ' \\ \\\ 1 H Black Crene de Paris i^ixed Tailor Suitings • J
J '* f - '¦"""¦'¦"^ w ' f " 1 »° "»;"; S« bSsfs^aSS ¦ IVIl A%\ lit B !2£^iii^ Orav Woo.en Crepe ?
I «¦>¦• " : ««" w-rth un ,. SUM ., skirt d.ys in tht his- [[^1 tt W, \ W B^ck Bedlord Cord Fancy B.sket Weave j
fc i i^C to ± inch rerfectiv worked embroideries, on gooa bwiss and nainsooic, tory or tile ' Dig bm- i|.\UfMMM l\ \\\\4 I, V I l|lf|. . j ~ X
k- with iriierrioa to match, suitable ior lingerie and children's dresses, worth porium dept. ||JM \\\lk :^®M^ Blue Etamines Broken check effects j
J up to 1 5c the yard, special at • • • • • 7C We have prepared 3 ; j i'M*^Pk \ \«\4%V W^^^mK A. so a .argc quantity natty suitings, 56 inches wide, that were made *
»: 1 to ¦» inch 'sheer nainsook and Swiss embroideries of the very best m.nu- groups of walkin-r and ! fPMfAJ \M™! ! 11^ to sc:I at S '-7 5 the yard, your choice of the entire iot, for the *+-* \
i facture.'whh insertion, tc match, worth up to 25c the yard, special «, . 12o dress^sk rts Uiat regu- f : | \\Vf 4\ \\Rk tW ° da - VS X" d • • •' ..,....,,,. . W *
£ 6 to 16 inch, fine cambric and nainsook embroidery edgings and flouncines. l' Q ' {",' I W^W^f \ \\V ' \ \v\V^i Note — We IlClVe jllSt received a line of fine J
£ suitable for children's sk-rts. corset covers, etc., worth up to 40c, sp:cu../Sc Jj : >5.00 and /Wfi j|\ft,^W\wLj \jC V -broadcloth, to sell at $1.00; COVert cloths at $1.2$, $1.6$ J
;£' 2 2-inch allover embroideries, worked on strong cambric, sheer nainsooks * 7 50'Jurin'nthis sale.^S^S^^^^^^-^^^^r---^''^^'^ ¦ . and $1.7$ a yard; also a line of Snappy tailor Suitings, j
!j and Swisses; the 51.00 style for. yokes, fronts and entire waists, spedal Group j_ Dr ; ss and wa lki ng skirts, in veiingV, cheviots Vn'd mixtures, wejl at $1.1$ the yard; and a great variety of Scotch tweeds J
jg yard. . . . ; ; "-j^.; ".'-. ; »V*' '¦ i •>.T^* '-.. •^* >C . tu: and niade, regularly 55.00 and $6. 50, for the three -^ '.A ]e». from 7ZC ' to Sl.SO. • . *
It SlipperS $1m12 G&PpGtS -, '•^|f^SS|ijb 6rovp2-Mannish mixture and cheviot runabout skirt S RedUCCU PHceS ' MfSSiOtt ClOCkS j»
I K, and RiigS M/lM^ $175 fltej^ I
S Romeos-Black Shop aii around town, best III | ||Mil^ Group 3 -Run.boat .kirts. in mixtures, cheviot and TableCOVerS *&*£££*£ P^Mrt^
S -r tan, With floor coverings vou can get at the prices L j\\ \\ $Vf broadcloth, regularly < 9 . 5 o to gy 'KQ POrtiereS, EtC. guaranteed in .11 re- gitfll iSJI \
\ hand- we offer carpet', and rugs for to-day- \| 1 1/ / W $« 2 . 5 o, ior the three days ... _ In .^u ; little i
\* fefe^S^W turned compare with ours, then decide where \J~/ Y I tW^\ Accordcon Pleated SKirtS — In Henrietta, voi'e and nbve.ty and Brusse.s patterns, in a ; ach I $1.7 5 tTM' •«
v @- :^«^Sk!^^5SftBfc 1 vou wiil buy. /X^S>lv>^^ cashmere, biaclc and co.ors .. .... .$8,50 van::y of good designs, colors white Perfumed Bottle*- ' \ 1 //A ] .«
v and comlortable for tired feet, patterns suitable for parior«, dining \AJr\ wm Sa.oo Curtains. . . . $1.39 p>i- g ! asj 5a an -*
J- instead Of fl. 50, tftf f*^ rooms, halls and stairs, sewed, lined $20 and 525 &% 5 Ja.50 Curtain.. . .Jf|.0S pair \/ aJ!Ortment //^ "J
,,; MondavaadT»cs!ay.'.^f*f^ and laid, yard 75 C MHJv VflIUeS ?3-5o Curtiln, . . 52.9^ pair J_L ofpretty j J
|!C Men's 1 Velvet, Chenille Em- . .-, '' T , ' . • j // P^TM ;o Suits for Misses — stylish mixtures and cheviots. Corded Arabian Lace Cvrtatas — /1v * ha P" tIut ' i > {E
i" OT tin $f OO si £ n * uitablcior P ir:ors ' dinin 8 rooms ' / /Jv I Ji\ C ° at st y lcS — sizCS I+ ' l6 and l8 ~ ° r 32> 34 move quickly: '^^^ * ' "" Pr ""' ' 75C S
[I Men's Vici*Kid"siippers-B"lack chambe " " nd hails - a remarKablc \S /ffl It if/ .36 bust -; worth . $ 20. 00 and &1JZ QQ Formerly S o* now . . . . 54.OO pair •"*'•" S
I ortan. ... . . $1.25 P iV n n W%M I $z 5 .oo_for the three day.. . ...*1O.U : U m , t0 , now pair Incomparable Values \
{ Men's or tan *^mM 5«^ V^es^L.^Ors 5
t ' KShU.VolJr" 1 .*.* 6 ! 1 ' $3a95 ' JT*^ ////5 '^ and Ar-o co.or. heavy ne: with MOiitfOyTueStlay *
I c^c^es SSr*^:- SS Wto^ Waisiings 28c SKKRr£?i2S I
(8 Monday —Tuesday Rug*— Hgh grade seamieu, in Sales of Printed/' Flannels, Eiderdown. / Tapeslry Table Covers— Gobe.m and white wucs, gaL ..:. . . . 82o j
I »• ¦ beautiful designs, copiej of the cho ces: orien- ' -r. ¦ ~ T~ Z~ . . weave, heavy fringed for dining-room Cooking Brandy— For minee piet, gal.
!J Hims — Bert Eastern sugar -^r/ tal rugf, the f 35.00 lire ( 9 xi= leet) for Flannels. Comforters, Blankets. bpreaaS tab]cj ' * re . $z. 4 o-bottle .6SO %
: g c^ . . fg^O S2e . SO anrt Oth er Seasonoh^e H,us-hoM Ooods , ? W, /,"d „„» . . 5,.SO ' \
;»: T.pi«.-Ch.i«,«,li,y,,ib. . . 2SO SneCial Sale Con>m--ncmg to-mcrr.. .morniDg .Tem.rkib.y hand.cm= colienion ol ; h«vy- r«~ f ''jHor °«ec f.f^7- Tip» Chl.ntl-S»i» Colony, In fcnor d«- 5«
J Bu « e r-c:o. t rL,, f „„»=, - MUSIC 18C v^^S^^^^SM^^^^M2^SO. ¦^^^Wa-sS,- A- ». C B.—f- d... ,,. 3s -, Mn . • |
S ©ffc cach - • • • 13C choice Monday and Tuesday.. . . . . . , • . • • - • . . . . . . . . 4^ :j,. SS Fijured Vdour-In three eoloi?"aS „ „ ," fc p " " " \ " . «! 5
J. Shrimps - Choke, i-lb. tins ioc, 2-lb. «.p vc Got a Feeling for You"-song. EfdcrdoWFlannels-A large lot of thebest grades, in .olid colors, either pain . -.. . y So Marquttte >hiskey- Pure rye, bottle.O^C £
!tf _ tms 20O "The Gondoliers"— sone * or rippled effects, the 30c and 35c kinds, unrsservedly to-morrow and Tuesday, f^JW^ ?i.i5 and.^1.50 Figured Tapestry— Now. Paul Jones Whiskey— Rye, bottle . . 75O >
* V^oodlawn Maple Syrup- Pts.22cqt.3ac •• M erccdes"-a prrty ballad r**f& • • • • • • V •'•.......••.. ***C yard. ;-..... JSo ? $
'J m^^%^^1^^r^70 ••Ha.SweetasApp.eCid'er"-^; Wrapper Rcbei-Rich P.-r.ian and other ee- Bed Sheet,- Undres^d bleached mu^^x 5«K Plain Rtp-Fcr curtain, and poeggj, /££„„ *f R^ *
% Ev.por.ted Croms-Apne, Carnation or "Unter den Linden"-tw««ep. sign,, for imoking jackeb, etc., ci..$1.2B 90 inches, each ....••¦•. .-*!/€• f^» R^p^J^.^-^gg MlSWWRg Ef m^C^ .5
t : Pe V» nI - •«••••• V,-; -,L if° ; <Katunka "- mterm " zo ' m " ch snd tw<> - White BlankeU-SB^rior-CHforni, wool, ; : .White , S P"« d JT The g f° d bei , vy 3 * p i y , y "" Cushion. Tops and. Coven-Silk, satin i - fc » fn*~~ *
* ' k.nd fuU bed „«, each, . . 5 #./5 and v , our , , ith P burnt;pyro effbct , ._ Q$g$£SB*S \
\i Finnan Hiddies-lb Si?e "Why Don't They Play With M:?"- Silkoline Comforters - Full size, whit: lanitary Htm«titched Cases - Fine bleachsd - mt« in, - Former y 60c, now . • . . . 35© ¦ 1* f <COC 5
i| Pop Corn-Very fi^j -5 lbs! \ '. . 2 BO ballad. .filling, ehh. ouilted or tuftei, each . 880 .^45x36 inches, a 20. value a, ; |^C '' ' ' Beginning Monday Momiftg J
;J . Bed Sheets— Large size for double beds, un- Odd Ooths, Napktnsy etc.; remaining J ' /3> ' ' ""**' *> ° a *
I ! Novelty Pillow Tops 43c 1 ,,""^: •!' - 9 ? .^o ;^r^ f^^ g^^^^^ ¦— ; ,- $1.30 Dolls 89c \
\ To open the holiday season in,- — - — - — - — 1 ; • \ 5 **° M^ssaiine ¦ JV**°"*-3*f .....' f^T^WSS doii^TSeffaTi.'first'qu^ Lhab, |
« th- Art Needlework nenflrtmpn- J A IargC l0t lhtC mi V Jrom r NeW Y u ° rk ," St F " day ' 6 mch " WldC ' " CC ", : «B&W? ' wig, in (ull.cnrly ringiets/.Ieeping eyes/open mouth .how- ?
I .. Ill- All IXeeUltrWUIK Ueparimen. m I V- rf^M \ en t quality and fini«h, In an assortment of colors that has not been shown at any previous special T^\\lW'T> •* " ,,'."<;"*-!, v ° J , '* . -'^ «
1 we make this tempting offer for < %JLL \\ \\ ¦ SE2«,. /«/««VS5f"Si.- . :. .,: •: . • h h^ AA^IfA lng ' '" chcml '=-«O fi S
: & M rt nH9V anH T.i^^v • LI i^^3 , I i Wbitr, cream, tw 3 shades of blus, pink, de!ph, turquoise, burn' onion, brown, three .hades (yTgMft/M on! y • ..<¦..-..-.• H^»^CJ> -J
I i^^^K»M^ 4i^?l\V\\ U 1 IWIIiilllii^iilii' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ 3/c TO h Ktd.Body M.-M J^ «a »d«. «» §
V »uch as back cats in hat, cats and dogs Indian AUvO i»jP?A\\\\l ' _. / / 1 \ ' 'j// heads f Sleeping eyes, shoes and stockings: jj
j J htads, clown, Uncle Sam, Chinese and Geisha girls, \\\\y^- < g^' \f, \\ ' \ . -Ill ll inch 25 C '5 iw&"75O jK
\tt etc., etc., finished in the proper manner with fur, lAuV^l^^Rw^W^^iL/^K^ JL lf -rtmt 1 ' ix inch 5On 17 inch 5/. H/J "«
jj| hair, jewels,. etc., and ready to put on^^ 1 \^fO\3j&A g/^ Wffi$ 9 // /- f I inch SO * imUU X
\i Openlni or our new embroidery and ex- iS!^^^M\\\\^i '^V jHTsf 4^> dffl^\,<ffsiLS A^^tt^ M 0 3 8&f '4 / WalkinJ Dolls— P*P«' machc bodies, pretty bisque J
Jt hlbltion room whzrc patrons may see all of |\nW%>^^K V wVV ->ay JS^M 2~ §r r /aBM J Yi JMjMyM^Syama T^J tm heads, witn sleeping eyes, and curly mohair wigs — they also «J
J. the latest ideas in art needlework and receive W^C^ \ ? *®^ # # &^*^^/ M M&fiS »^^^Jr#fL— — J f \ 1 wa'k quite as naturally as if they were alive— jus: think of $
K instructions for making the same, entirely \ Aw xv^ - \^ r J -mmr. .*m — / r - .*- _m ¦ . o . : —^^-^ 4^ W ,. n . •• , .u <c
* free of charge. :,-- ' ' CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- ¦¦unJir^**^ • that— the iittle ones rave over them. ;J
j£- .4i»o«xr exhibition pines are embroidered table covers, sofa pillows __ -MssSffiragBSS® 8 *^^ ..^^^ «=-r^nc- 6^ inch " 4 ° C "^ lnch " »£^. . 2I \ n ch " ?S'^2, "5
V attd center pieces, made of novelty canvas, and some exquisite drawn-work M 1llltijjiuiPM^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST.STOHfc- gi^ inches 6t9o l6 inches $1.75 2 5 mchu ji
J. linens, also hand painted satin pieces. , . • , , \ ¦ ¦ : ' .'¦.''. ' .. ',"-',•. '. ; .^ a^ aB^^^ Haaa^^^^^^^..^^^ Jc
ADVERTISEifENTS.
Uricsol, j
the only cure for
Rheumatism.
If you rrr suffering from rheuma-
tism there is a cltance for you to be- j
come absolutely, cured. You may!
c.ire 3 # ours>clf and do it quickly if you i
rvill lay aside your prejudice and 1
Every Sa:i -Francisco druggist sells
Uricsol, the -.veil -known remedy, and
v.c hereby authorize them to guaran-
tee a cure.
Uri :sol <:ui es rheumatism in the only
[«otts:ble way it ca:i be cured. j
Uric Acid and Urates are the cause j
cf Rheurn*tbm. These are deposited
jri the tissues, blood vessels and joints j
These deposits must jc dissolved '
and eliminated from the system be-
fore a cure can be accomplished. j
Uricsol is a solvent of these and
lores up the system, stimulates the'
kidneys, liver ..nd bowel:, and thus'
drives them from the S3'stem. " |
Uricsol is harmless, and no injuri- j
ous results cau possibly come Jo any
part <l your body.
Write us to-day for booklet con-
taining recommended diet for rheu-
xntticfc.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.
, Los Anselcs, CaL '
ADVERTisEaiEyrs 1 . '
CHAINS
« Set with' Diamonds, >
Pearls," Semi-Precious '¦ V^-'V
V- 'Stones.'" . . . . . -;''
A WIDE RANGE OF
.[ PRICES : ALL ; BASED'
,; c ?; UPON FAIRNESS.
:•"; Bohm-Bristol Co.
v 5 -. -'c. i ¦ ;. - -Jewelers mi •; \ .
. v SCycrsmiths .4..; \»;i
YTj 104-110 1 Geary Street V\
AD\-EHTISE3CENTS. .
f SWEATER-JACKETS
-1L. $3.50 to $7.50
,^HBfc' . SWEATER-JACKETS
SEBB^^^L Pretty and Cl Off f n CO ff A •
?MflS^^^^^fe^'^^rl Serviceable Xj\»tm\J IU 6m»\3\J
PmHB MEIM'S AND BOYS' '
mKi^S Sweaters and Jerseys
il UNDERWEAR KNITUtJNGCO
CYMNASIUM SUiTS ; V 60 .Ceary, StTee^ S»n Frandscov
ATHLETIC SUPPLIES Open Saturdays till 10 pi m.President Roosevelt to. Be' Invited.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. n.-^-The an
nouncement , ls_ made by : the manage
ment of the Lewis and Clark Fair, that
President- Roosevelt; will : be! invited; to
visit the. exposition and should. he; ac-f
cept great preparations- will be' made
to celebrate • the event. •
. REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 12.— -Llllie
Scott and . Jessie Peterson, San Fran-,
cisco schoolgirls, who were missing
since were caught here
to-day by Marshal John Christ; and
taken to his residence to await the ar
rival of their relatives,' who were
promptly notified. . They claim they,
ran away In, a spirit of adventure and
slept out In the open fields two nights.
They had nothing to, "eat all. day yes
terday and after sleeping In a nearby
field came to town this morning to get
breakfast. BBS
Leave Their Homes In ' San - Francisco
in h Spirit of Adventure and
Soon Grow Weary. .
TWO RUNAWAY GIRLS;
CAUGHT IX REDWOOD CITY
WANTED IN PAS ADpN A.— Robert Itldffe
way. was arrested on Market street yesterday
afternoon by Detective Ed Gibson. and locked
up In. the City ; Prison. , -The" arrest was made
on a dispatch: from Chief Freeman of Pasa
dena that he wus wanted there 011 h charge
of forcery. • : • ' ' \
lire' in 'Bunkers of . an Ocean Liner.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 12.— Fire,
originating from spontaneous combus
tion, raged for some time in the bunk
ers of the P. and A. liner Nicomeda
in the Columbia River last night.. The
steamer was on her way up the river
after completing a. cross-Pacific trip
from"the Orient. The 1 vessel was'but
slightlv damaged.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 12.— A lo
cnl paper says that Dr. Neil S. Phelps
of Battle. Creek, Mich., the, scientist
and -former millionaire, .who mysteri
ously disappeared a' year' ago, has been
quietly, living in Vancouver nearly the
whole of that time under the name of
Dr. V Fields. His identity was dis
covered by a. published photograph in
a Chicago paper and he suddenly dis
appeared again.
Living: Under an Assumed Xame.
BOULDER CREEK, Nov.. 12.-r-Ow-
Ing to the destruction of their food,
such as grasses, berries and the like ;
by the terrific fires that . swept the
country during the summer, quail and
rabbits -here and in the Big Basin and
Su.te Park are dying of starvation-
Realizing the desperate plight of the i
game the Boulder Creek Fish and ¦.
Game Protective Association has |
eftablished feeding .grounds where
daily large quantities of wheat , and
corn is scattered in localities the game
frequent. Hundreds of ' quail have
taken up their roosts in the brush near
tne feeding grounds, so that now it has
become necessary, for the club mem.
bers to watch, them closely to, prevent 1
them being shot. It Is no uncommon i
sight ' to see the ground . black with ;
them while .the feeder siis on" the
fence and watches, so tame has hunger
made them. ."¦, ' -1- . . ?
Shortnjrc of . Food Due to the Fires
That S\ve>>t the Country
I^nst Summer. ,'!''
O:tnc>e Mur.lerrr Sentenced to Hanjr.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 12. — Sing
Yew, a Chinese, convicted of the mur
der of Jeong Hym at Walnut Grove
in November. 1902. was to-day sen
tenced by Judge Hart to be hanged
at Folsom prison on January 6. 1905.
City Pays Back Protested Taxes.
City Treasurer McDougald yester
day paid back to the United Railroads
th«» sum of ?35,477 28 representing
protested taxes on 6chools and hos
pital for which judgment was obtained
against the city by the corporation.
SUSSEX, Wls., Xov. 12.— Joseph
Marsdenl^a farmer, made so much
money;. on election beta that he hnn
given an oyster supper- to the entire
town. The banquet was spread in -the
town hall and the giver of the * feast
rode to the hall in a
pushed by a defeated bettor to the
accompaniment of the Sussex brass
band and followed by a torchlight
procession, which included every ablf
bodlcd man and boy In. the surround
ing neighborhood.
Ten gallons of oysters, other
things to corresporldr were .provided
for " the crowd, and not a crumb was
leftxv/hen the throns: finished.
on Election on Banquet
nnd Parade!
Wisconsin Farmer Spends Money Won
GAME IN BIG BASIN
DYING OF STARVATION
BACKER V OP ROOSEVELT
FEEDS AX ENTIRE TOWN
LOS ANGELES, "Nov. ,12.— Richard
Faake, 24 years of age, was killed in
a wrestling match with a Japanese
to-day. The Japanese was attempt
ing to demonstrate to Faake 'the
science of wrestling as it is taught In
Japan and in doing so threw Faake
over his head,' the latter landing on
top of his head pn the floor, causing
concussion of the brain," which re
sulted fatally a few, hours later. The
Japanese "disappeared before the au
thorities" were notified of the affair..
Wrestling Mntcli Ends Fatally.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 12.— Chief of
Police Hammel of Dps Angeles reach
ed this city to-day with John Puebla,
who had been a fugitive from justice
since August 13, 1898, when he killed
Agudundo Garcia in Santa Monica
Canyon, near Los Angeles. Puebla
fled the country and has spent much
of his time below the line in Lower
California. He was. inveigled across
the line Friday and taken into cus
tody. - - . :- ,
John Piicbla, Wanted for the Killing
of 'Agudundo Gnrcia, Is Arrested
Near Border Line.
FUGITIVE MURDERER
' IS FINALiiY CAUX5HT
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12. — John H.
Hall, United States District Attorney
of Oregon, has been reappointed by
the President. Hall was first appoint
ed January 10, 1898.
Reappointed by President.
Walton Receives a Heavy Sentence
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 12. — Charles
W. Walton, the street car robber, con
victed of highway robbery and as
sault with intent to kill a police of
flcer,_ was to-day sentenced to serve
twenty-five years in the penitentiary.
Walton is but 18 years of age. It;,-: 1
STOCKTON, Nov. 12. — Insanity. Is
the defense in the case of Howard
Bucklanfl, the 15-year-old boy who
shot and killed his father last Sep
tember some hourajafter deceased had
quarreled with and choked the boy's
mother. Much evidence was adduced
showing that the boy's love for his
mother was a passion and that he was
erratic and weak-minded. The case
continues to attract great attention
here and the courtroom is crowded
dally with spectators.
Evidence Is Introduced by the Defense
to Prove That Younc Prisoner
Is Weak-Mimled. SsS
INSANITY THE DEFENSE
OF BOY WHO SHOT FATHER
"The. outburst of animation and buoy
ancy which followed the election was
generally' anticipated, and, as in all
such events, extensive measures had
been taken in the stock market to reap
an advantage from the results The con
sequence was that enormous specula
tive holdings of stocks were thrown
upon the market to realize profits, and
the market afterward developed gome
hesitancy and uncertainty. The reac
tionary effect upon prices proved slight,
and the demonstration of the great ab
sorptive power of the market had the
effect of confirming speculative confi
dence. On the halt on Monday the deal
ings fell to the lowest total since the
present awakening of speculation devel
oped early in" October, but on Wednes
day the transactions recorded rose to
an aggregate of 2,351.000 shares. This
is the largest totalfor any day's busi
ness since May 9, 1901.
NEW- YORK, Nov. 12.— With no
change in the hopeful and cheerful
tenor of the news and with no abate
ment of the general confidence in gen
eral conditions, the desire to realize
profits so far overbore the eagerness to
secure new ownership in stocks as to
cause a decidedly irregular tone In to
day's stock. market. The price changes
compared with last night offered a very
mixed result at the end of the trading.
The dealings were very large and the
demand showed great variety. Transac
tions were well distributed and deal
ings were not greatly congested in a
few stocks:- The fayorlte speculative
stocks, which, usually lead the whole
market in point of activity, suffered
most from realizing and generally lost
ground during the day.
Conspicuous gains were made by th*
less 1 prominent railroad stocks- and by
many industrials and specialties which
are rarely heard of in the market. Such
g"alng were striking, extending to many
points in some cases, but their effort 1 is
never as reassuring to the general spec
ulative sentiment as the uplifting de
mand for standard stocks. Tne Wabash
and Illinois Central and Southern Pa
cific were the most effective sustaining
forces in the day's market, and United
States Steel preferred showed revived
strength in the late market when the
general tendency was downward.
The bank statement showed a larger
decline in cash than was expected, but
its effect on the surplus was modified
by the considerable loan contraction of
$14,789,600. The loan contraction is sup
posed to be due to the fact that several
of the large trust companies have been
active lenders of funds during the
week, thus relieving. demands upon the
banks. ' The liquidations 6t loans, from
the profit-taking in the stock market
is believed to have been more than off
set by the new "demand for speculative
purposes. Sterling exchange was strong
again to-day, and the likelihood of fur
ther gold exports to Paris during next
week is increased. Total sales, $7,295,000.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Important
orders have been Issued by the War
Department relieving troops which
have served the allotted time In the
Philippines and replacing them with or
ganizations from the United States.
Troops ordered home will sail from Ma
nila as follows:
Headquarters and first and second
squadrons, Thirteenth Cavalry, April
15, first squadron going to Fort Rlley,
headquarters and .second squadron to
Fort Meyer; headquarters and second
squadron Tenth Cavalry, May 15, and
first squadron Twelfth Cavalry June 15,
both to go to Camp Thomas, Georgia;
third squadron Eleventh kCavalry, July
15, to go to Fort Sill; third squadron
Twelfth Cavalry, August 15, to go to
Camp Thomas, Ga.; Eighteenth In
fantry, January 15, to go to Fort Leav
en worth;' Fourteenth Infantry, March
15. to go to Vancouver Barracks; Twen
ty-third Infantry, May 15, to go to
Madison Barracks and Fort Ontario;
Fourth, Infantry, June 15, headquarters,
band and two battalions to go to Fort
Thomas, Georgia, the station of the re
maining battalion to be designated;
Fifteenth Infantry. July 15, to go to
Fort McPherson. Georgia.
Troops ordered to the Philippines will
sail from San Francisco as follows:
Headquarters, and second squadron
Eighth Cavalry, March 1; third squad
ron Eighth Cavalry, April 1; second
squadron Seventh Cavalry. May -1;
headquarters and first squadron Sev
enth Cavalry. June 1; third squadron
Seventh Cavalry and first squadron
Eighth Cavalry. July 1; First Infantry.
February 1, Sixth Infantry, March 1;
Nineteenth Infantry, April 1; Ninth In
fantry. May .1; Sixteenth Infantry,
June 1. '
Soldiers Who Have Served
Allotted Time in Islands
to Be Relieved by Others
Demand Shows Great Variety
and Many Striking* Gains
Are Made During the Week
WILL START IN APRIL
DEALINGS' VERY LARGE
Desire, to Realize Profits
Due to Cheerful Tenor of
the News Arouses Brokers
War Department Issues Or
ders Directing Eeturn of
Troops From Philippines
STOCK MARKET
DISPLAYS LIFE
BOYS IN BLUE
TO COME HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SUND^, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
36
ADVEKTISEMEAT3. V
I TEe ¦¦="
8 Black Goods House
[1 Correct Fall Styles
p The enlarging of our store enables us to add a new
U floor of Colored Suits, Jackets, Skirts, Waists, Furs,
Ps etc. The garments selected by our Mr. Kennedy in the
j East command attention by the excellent and tasty
'] manner of their manufacture.
U Every Article New .
i] New Cravenette Coats, New Silk Suits,
H New Jackets, New Dress Skirts,
U New Children's Coats, New Walking Skirts,
W New Capes, New Shirt Waists. .
1 SUITS, JACKETS, SKIRTS MADE TO ORDER.
I R. T. Kennedy Company
|j =1 106 Market Streets
"™"~~~" Cures dandruff. Stops f&uin; hair, KeUevei Uchinff.
T he OKiaiNAL remedy that "kiUs the Dandruff bena. M ....
(SOINei GOING'!! GONE !!!
- KRrlCIDE WHi1a»EI IT. MEKPICIOE Will SMI IT. . 100 UTE FOR IQfiCiSL
A PI TUB" Iff* TftATH ARlJ<kH vtULt will, sooner or later, cause baltfnws. Awrtter
/* rVOLrlV^ lyUl nJJNVOT ln M e<1 , ca , R,vlew of RevJewi says, "School
A noted dcnnttoloelst says. "The time Is coming children should know that It Is dirty to use an-
when an un$ terlllied public hair brush will be as other's hair brash.'.' I Newbro's Herplclde renders
rare as • public tooth . brush." : The reason : Is , public hair brushes harmless, by destroying the
that dirty hair brashes spread dandruff, and true dandruff microbe." < A '¦ delightful hair dressing,
dandruff I j now known to be a contagious disease . Gives wonderful results. • . -
':¦;. Orei 11.00. Send 10c stasps, ta HERPICIDE CO.; Dspt H. Detroit, Mlcfc, for a tuple,
'-.:-• ¦'¦'¦ ¦:: .':?APPJ^A^OKS^g-gBOMm^^BAaEgB!g35zbgs.'' .: '¦ ¦¦.-'.-- -
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. :
One of San Francisco's Best-Known
Business Men Tells of the Cure
of His Wife and Himself by the
Wonderful New ::::::
Eleotro-OEiemlG Treatment.
MB. AND MBS. X A, CHBISTSH.
1427 Valencia St.. San PrancUco.
Mr. J. A. Christen. : who. in tha testimonial toelow, tell* of the cvam at Ida-
self and. his wile by tne Electro-Chemic treatment, la one of the beat-known
business men In San Francisco. The Chrirten Ranch Dairy la known all over
the city for the hicrh quality of the milk ¦erved to the dairy's customers. Mr.
Christen and his aon* are the sole owners of this most suceessfnl Business. Mr.
Christen has been a resident of San Francisco for thirty-six yean. Tax mix
years he has live a with his family at Ho. 1427 Valencia street. Kl» ranch, la
sitnatzc! In Son Mateo County, one mile from Colma Station. Zt Is testimonials
cf well-known people who live riarht here In San^Pranclsco that ha; brought
attention cX the pnoUo In jreneral to th* wonderful curative effect* of the Eleo-
tro-Chemlc treatment. . .-, •
In Hwakln* of* the cure of his wife and hlmsei; Mr. Christen said: "My old friend.
Jacob Bryan, who for, fourteen years was postmaster at Colma, kn«w that I felt badly
and he bimwlf bavins been - so successfully treated at the Electro-Chemlc Institute, 119
Grant ave., San Francisco, advised, me to try the .Electro-Chemlc treatment, as the med-
ical treatments which I had used were not reaching my trouble. So. on Mr.. Bryan's
recommendation I visited the Electro-Chemic Institute for examination and consultation.
which was free. I was so pleaded with the examination and advice given me that I did not
hesitate- to place thr treatment of my case' tn tha care of the Electro-Chemlc specialists
at once. I am glaJ : to say that ray Improvement was Immediate, and in about five wealcs
I was thoroughly currd at a small expense.' My trouble ' was bad circulation and con-
geitlon of Important: 'organs. • My stomach, liver, . bowels and kidneys were
In a bnd condition. > This interfered with the Keneral circulation of the blood and I had
dlrzy spells, .eo severe at. times, that I could hardly keep from falllnr. and In fact,- at one
time I -iiil fall down and: was unconscious for some little time. My wife was Buffering
irreatly with rheumatism and congested liver. Th« pain below the liver was so sever*
that we feared appendicitis/ My wife had good medical attention, but her trouble con-
tinued to grow worfe la spite of all we could "do. As I was letting along so nicely I
Insisted upon, my wife taking the Electro-Chemlo course and we are both delighted to
say that within two week V time she was thoroughly cured.- all pain about the appendix
and liver disappearing, as if by magic. Her rheumatism, from which she had suffered for
years, seems to bq ' thoroughly cured in Just two weeks' treatment by Electro-Chemistry.
This seimj so wonderful to me that I am more than delighted to make this public ac-
know^d?ment of the core of my wife and myself. I do Ihis for two reasons; First, be-
cause I fe*l grateful to the Electro-Chemlc Specialists, and secondly, because I believe that
the general public ousht to know more about this wonderful new treatment. I believe that
I am well enough 'known in a business way for any one who may read this statement
to believe that every word of It Is absolutely tne. *mF**&W
(Slsned) "J. A. CHIUSTEJf, 1427 Valencia st., San Francisco.
GOINSULTATION F^VS T^ f^
and |h &-< IH Bh
EXAmiNATION JT Ft ILL Erf
. Any one Buffer in ar from any of the folio win* disease* 1* cordially invited to
call at .the Electro-Chemio Institute, 118 Grant avenue. San Francisco, for free
consultation aad examination. The Electro-Chemic treatment la jiha most ici-
entific and the ; most successful treatment known for the cure of Consumption.
Catarrh. Asthma. Bronchitis. BheumaMsa. Heuralsfia. Z.ocomotoz Ataxla, rall-
inr Sickness. Epilepsy. Slzxlness. . Keadaches. Spot* before the Eyes. Piles. 71*-
irure. - Pletnla, stricture. Pxostatltl*. Inflammation of the Bladder. Varioocele.
Kerve Exhaustion, . Cancers, Tumor*, Ola Sores. Weak Heart. PalpitatlomVshort-
ness of Breath. Insomnia. Blood Poison. Skin Diseases. Eczema. Goiter. Swollen
Joints. Weak Back. Sidney Diseases. Brlsrht's Disease. Diabetes. Special Dis-
eases of -Women— Irresrularitlti, Displacements, Oourestlon, etc.. etc.
HOME TREATMENT— The Electro-Chemtc home treatment la most successful It Is
always advisable, when the patient can arrange to do so," to visit the Institute for personal
consultation and examination. If this Is Impossible a short description of the principal
symptoms -should be sent and full instructions regarding home- examination and treatment
will be /promptly forwarded, free of charge. . "^ l
The Electfo=Chemic Institute,
1 18 GRANT AVE., Cor. Post St., San Francrsco..
Offlcs Hours: 9 f-nvto 5 p.j n^ and 7 to 8 p. m. dally. Sundays. 10a. toi to 1 p. m.
Separate Apartments for Ladles and., Gentlemen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT THE MINISTER SAYS
13 3Iost Convincing.
"I thought I would write you what
Pyramid Pile Cure has done for me. I
had a moat aggravated case of bleed-
ing piles; indeed I dreaded when I had
to go to stool. One 50-cent box cured
me. I feel like a new man. I have
recommended It to others as being the
most wonderful remedy known. It i3
Indeed a great blessing to suffering
humanity. Tou are at liberty to use
this for all it is worth, and I hope it
may do good." Rev. W. E. Carr, 355
North Holbrook street, Danville, Va.
Clergymen (like all professional men
who lead sedentary lives) are espe-
cially addicted to piles. In various
forms, and are continually on the look-
out for a remedy which will give re-
lief, with little* or-no idea of obtaining
a cure.
Recognising this fact. Rev. Mr. Carr
consents to the use of his name in or-
der that other sufferers may know
there is a cure called Pyramid Pile
Cure, which is sold by druggists every-
where for the. low price of 50 cents
a package, and which will bring about
for every one afflicted with piles the
same beneficial results as in his own
case. Be careful to accept no substi-
tutes and remember that there is no
remedy "Just as good."
A little book describing the causes
and cure of piles is published by Pyra-
mid Drug Company, Marshall, Mich-
end will be sent free for the asking.
All sufferers are advised to write for
it, as it contains valuable information
on the subject of plies. "
_ APViatTISKMEXTS. ;----_-- -^ - ¦ . . -.-_„„,./ -
The Store on the Square appeals to the economical. "LOW PRICES," "HIGH-GRADE GOODS," "an ENORMOUS
! VARIETY," "LIBERAL CREDIT," points which make this great store pre-eminent. Your first purchase is all we ask — the next we
are sure of. - - ¦ ' ¦ / v '-- ' '"-"-'¦-¦'' " : " ¦ ' '¦ ' ' ' ' - '
No. i. CHINA CLOSET— Solid No. 3. MORRIS CHAIR— Solid No. 5. ROCKER — Colonial de-
oalc, weathered. Old Mission oak. golden finish Reversible sign. Solid oak Upholstered 7' COMBINATION BOOK-
. - c , • .,- K ,, f velour cushions. Back adiust- seat. Solid comfort ¦- for little f*o. 7. tuivimwAiiUN tsuur^-
dcs.gn Simp.e in outline but able to four positions. tfC /.f) money. " CACC CASE-Solid oak. golden fin T
exceedingly ar- V 1 At Cfl Price Jjt?«Ul/ Prire .J3U»J'tJ . -
tistic. Price >14.5U Pn « * * V . No 6 !'DIVAN-i:M a ho K anv fin- ish. T op embellished with Bevel
No. 4. SIDEBOARD — Solid oak, nished frame. Colonial design. . Plate 'Mirror. Conveniently di-
No 9 nRF<?<!FR TnlHrn finish golden finish. Top decorated Prettily carved. Best' steel . v idcd desk C« t 9 FA
No. 2. DRESSER— Golden hnish. .^ Bevc , pjate Mirror Amp , c ing Upholstered in ficured " a . ea deslc ' SI 3.40
Shaped top. Bevel ffQ OC room for linen C1COC damask. CifiAH ? rlCc .V V mj-*^-«v
Plate Mirror. Price. .. 4>7.UwF and silver. Price $lD.CiJ Price uPlO.UV .
DRAPERIES The Economv Salesroom CARPETS
This will be a week of special in- * "^ £^^11^1^ d(iA^51 UUIW A display of thc^W's
SS?:"t* ':'!%' iSjoSSle^o lUt°the PARLOR WEEK IN THIS DEPARTMENT. Dozens of Odd best products .at absolujtely lowest
many rare bargains, but the few quot- Chairs, Rocfkers and Divans have been placed here to make room prices. -
ed below will serve as an illustration. for the Christmas Roods. This is your opportunity to* get ODD A< *f£ E , o ' E t BUSS t^, IlS ~^.V. e <. bea ,p }i low
**2r.%R™ l ?5f?2 J 'L£?%$S!S CHAIRS, CORNER CHAIRS. PATENT ROCKERS. DIVANS Sujhly -.»V.,ry S|a m ' moii, 355
r» at^v ,S V '."..' p r! $2.00 OR SETTEES. Come earlv and ge. .he firs. pick. &!s|S2K£&3SSSiS! cov
S12.C0 1KISH POIKT LACE CXXaTAHTS These few items will illustrate the marvelous opportunities to Srl°f erv'^e^i^a^d'hamMi^^ith
W idth Heaviirworked L ExtVa well be found here. ,_> w .- :^ ;> any color scheme. Per^ard,^^
s^riS*'**.™. 1 "* 0 ™!*: $?.S5 $i 5 . 75 _MAHOGANY FINISHED CHAIR. Upholstered «Q AfS 'ureSmMSiiffiwim
£12.00 maeie AUTOIUXTTI! LACE in damask * J17« V/v to match. Choice selection of designs.
CT7STAX27S — Made of the best quality '¦ ; _;-." -* "___ _...-„ , r . . 1-2. Oriental and floral. An excel- f*K r
of FrenoJi cable net. Some exceeding- $18.50— MAHOGANY CHAIR, Marquettry back, un- CIHCn lent grade. Per yard :....>... "«#^
ly artistic designs. Spe- CQ 1 < holstered .' ' JtliJmDXj BRtJB3EI,S C 1EPET— A good heavy
; cial V*'* • ** " wenve in choice colorings, j Suitable for
' AKAriAK LACE CwETAINS — Hand- $27.50— DIVAN. Upholstered in figured <T1C Cfi bedrooms. 'living rooms and, Sk'7\ e-
made. Extra quality of « 1 A A5 damask JUD.DU halls or parlor. Per yard. . . 'v>>* 2^
net. $25.00 Curtains for < P 1O>IW . . T._ - .. TBLT£T C&BFET — Fine deep pile. Orl-
£10.00 COTTCH COVXES — Pettie Point $8.50 — RECEPTION CHAIR. Upholstered in figured ffP f\f\ ental aml floral designs. No Carpet
weave. Noted for its wearing quali- H-imasW JO.V/U made gives? the soft blending of. colors
ties. Cnm«-s in Oriental designs. 60 aamasK 4»u*.ww : of . this '. bcauUful . wcave . p er QC-
ir.ches wi.ie. 3 yards long. Fringed $35.00 — SETTEE. Upholstered in figured COA CO y ard • l 7J V
all around. Sale C ft J\ damask . .D^fttDl/ AXinNSTEKS— A choice line of effec-
M>\#»*.^ -1- . tive patterns, with borders to match.
S2230 AEXXTEE POETIEttSS — An as- $3S^X>— 5-PIECE PARLOR SUIT fl*O3 DA Flne dee P P' le - floral designs. Thor-
sortment of colorings.. S14.S5 '. • *pCtO»D\J oughly artistic. Per yard JSJ.22'
837.50 'JLSPJJsr' CLOTH POKTIEBES— $12.50 — PATENT ROCKER . C*n nU AST SQTJAKES. 6X9 feet— All wool. Re-
Double raced. Fringed both ends. Silk J . Jkl ij verslble. . Each side a different color
int^rT<sivcn with cotton. Reversible. ¦ ,r • :.• '.'rr . * effect. . This weave is too well known
PrTcl ? X^-. iS ! te . d . e . Si^ 8 : $15.65 Dozens of othe* pieces at equally tempting prices. % d .^ cr . !p . t ! c ; n -.. E . ac . h $4, 15Ladies' $3.50 Shoes and Oxfords for
$2.35 at the "RIghtway" to-morrow. See
page 411 •
KILLED FOUNTAIN SHEEP.— ?•BOly"
"vacs, an Indian.' was arrtsted by D«ptitlra
Bl?elow and Goodate in Inyo County for kill
ins; mountain sheep. He pleaded guilty and
paid a fins of $50. Mountain ahecp ar* almost
extinct In this State, and this is the first ar
rest tar kilUns them that has occurred in
years. -
Britislicrs.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— 'The Flute of
Pan." by John Oliver Hobbes (Mrs. R.
W. Craigie)! with- Which - play Olga
Nethereole- opened her London season
at; tlie~ Shaftsbury : to-night,
met a very hostile reception. A'chb-^
rusiTof VBoos," -which . increased , in
loudness as the play progressed,
marked trie'fend of every act Mrs.
4< The Flute of Pan," With Actress hi
Star Role," Fails to Please the [
Wilsons Demolished by Cars.
Two wag-ons came to grief yesterday
in streetcar collisions.
LOXDO:; DRIVES
1 OLGA XETIIEKSOLE TO TEARS
tl«e story of the reigning Princesi of
a small European state, who marrleJ
a commoner, and the subject, the crit
ics say, is too hackneyed for th» piece
to have much chance of success.
'The play, was well acted, especially
the role . assumed by Miss Nethersole,
bnt it is devoid of interest. It tells
Craigie has n. very fashionable follow
ing, .which was well represented In to
night's audience, those present Includ
ing AnierFcan Einbassador Choate
: and Mra. Choate and the Duchess of
Marlborough. ;
l % AH through the third act the srai
lery was so unanimous in its disip
j-roval of the play that Miss Nethe^-
sole.became hysterical and appeared
before the curtain .with tears stream
ing down her face and lifted her arms
, in mute appeal to her tormentors, but
\wlthout effect. Miss Nethersole.hnw
• ever, : proceeded pluckily with the last
act, but amid loud "booing** this lights
I were -i lowered and the . audience .-t dis
persed. -
$3000. Morris Cohn owned the build
ing occupied by the two latter and lost
17500. ,
Doctor F. F. Knorp . has . returned from the
East and bis returned practice. *
Fire Starts in Commercial Centrr of
the Town and Does Considerable
Damage.
VENTURA. Nov. 12.— A fire start
ed lri the business center of Oxnard
about 2 o'clock this morninjr: and but
for an Intervening brick building the
whole town would have been de
stroyed. ; As it wai the. loss will be
heavy. Five business houses, were
burned. ,^ The losers ; are : David I Cohn,"
saloon.'loss $10,000;^"Willis Sisters,
restaurant, loss , $3000; Leopold Cohn,'
saloon and stock, SlQ.OOO-.Rumraels
burg & Hyman, groceries, J5000;
Charles Marx, cigars and tobacco;
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 12.— Long
Beach celebrated to-day the comple
tion of Its immense new combination
pleasure and shipping pier with ap
propriate ceremonies. Sahites by United
States warships and naval and land
.parades occurred during the morning
hours. The afternoon exercises were
held at the city park, at which Gov
ernor Pardee was the principal
epeaker. Other speakers were Sena
tor Perkins, Congressman McLachlan
Governor Pardee. Senator Perkins and
thcr Prominent Officials Take
Part In the Exercises.
Electrical Workers Hold Ball.
The International Brotherhood of
Electrical Workers, Local Union No.
6. gave it3 ninth ar.nual'ball last night
in Mechanics Pavilion. The pavilion
was illuminated with electric lights of
various colors, presenting a magnifi
cent spectacle. The immense throng
enjoyed Itself with . dancing and re
freshments. President McXuIty and
Grand Secretary Sherman were guests
of the local organization.
FIVE BUSIXESS . HOUSES
ARE BURNED/' IN' , OXKARD
LOXG BEACH CELEBRATES
COMPLETTOX OF XEW PIER
and former. Mayor Stephen Townsend
of Long- Beach. , : .
A feature of the day's ¦ exercises
v.-as the presentation by Miss Ella Wll
fon,. "Queen of the Sea," of a key to
the gates of the pier to Governor Par
dee, who formally opened the pier
amid a Governors' salute flred by the
United States gunboats Manning- and
McCnllocb. " A barbecue and yacht
mcLng followed the pier opening: exer
cises. Fireworks , from land and sea
closed the, celebration to-night.'
Former Speaker Dovld B.' Hender
son of Iowa .appeared on the grounds
during the exercises at the city park
and was introduced fora speech. : He
addressed the crowd ' briefly ' and was
heartily cheered... r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. NOVEMBER IX 1904.
37
FORTUXES
Have been made In San Fran-
cisco Real Estate.
Splendid Chances Yet Remain.
See choice bargains adver-
tised in classified ads.
.PRAGERS , PRAGERS , PRAGERS I PRAGERS I PRAGERS | PRAGERS I PRAGERS
( 4f*b I T Ms Is Our Great Thanksgiving Offer- Good JMngs in j>re 5S Beautiful Silverware That, Make a VZZ Tl\
Iw.ntjj)? Iv9 in S' m Beautiful Table Linens ; i|i|^Sffil , Thanksgiving Table Attractive fdffftttf ¥0
,\Mj ALV*AYA BELJABte (Main Floor) quality 5Sc < (Main Floor) _ f« J a LU Ay!$HEL1A BLE
A£A/2fC£7£*tffflf& $& This is one of our great special sales, when thousands of yards of ??^Hty^!Sn!^^^?S?^^c -" These specials will really introduce this new department to our- cus- MARKETi&ZlGNES SIS
_^ the finest table linens are arranged for your selection at prices lower than 45-inch Colored Voile— 69c a yard tomers. We have secured a wonderfully complete stock of every novelty w. ** * '
anj' other time of the year. We have made extra preparations for this nuality ................... — <49e and staple article that there is any demand»for. We have bought in such ¦ ¦ ' ¦
Infants* CoatS and DraSSeS event and will continue the same values for the remainder of the month. 47-Inch Cream Egyptian Crepe — $1.00 a'wav that we are in a position to present money-saving offerings. Mon- /VHOtu6T VVOI1 QeriUl oal5 Ol
(Cn«d Vo-r > The biggest variety, however, is to be had right now. , . a yard quality ........ .......75c day you will see some genuinely good thinKsi ' Prpttv SillrQ
"cOATr" f^^^^^^M^MS^S^M^^^^^ n^^^y S^ y .^^^o Crib Trays-Quadruple plate silver; Tea Sets-Exquisitely pretty tea set,, oi^nooH,
Coats-Made of an all-wool ladies' w nS-J 'w ? a « \ .,rrf be expected at such * J^C 32-inch Colored Novelty Suiting-35c handsomely engraved in a number consisting of four pieces-pot. P«* Velvets-Suitable for millinery and
cloth; they have large circular col- __ Pnce. Special, a yard , £7C a y^rd quality USc o f pretty designs. This ¦ tfj nf) spoon holder, sugar bowl and f™ 3 ,^ 1^ in |opular 3 * colo^bu^
lars with long tabs in the front; full Mercerized Table Damask — This is unusually heavy and wears better 54-inch Colored Melton • Skirting— j s a very attractive piece i^LiAJ\f creamer; they are satin finish and brown, tar..* navy and emerald: our «.«!«
sleeve and turnover cuffs; are than anything we hove ever carried; it looks like satm and comes in " }l..» a yard quality .-OOc R , Travs— OuadruDle olated" plain nicely engraved; set. .. «**7 *7C price Is. a yard. .....QSe
double-breasted and have two rows t^S^^^^SrU .---."-.-- ¥t-** ¦'^ff^^rteXr.™^ ni»SS
of e> pearl buttons down the It is a good value at 60C, an exceptional one at ' , 36-inch Black Spanish V 0 Ue4oc - cial for Thanksgiving^ ff| Xfi Butter Dishes-Of fine quadruple The wearing qualities It this Silk ar.
front; colors are tan. red and navy; Imported Table Ltnens — All pure table linens that are guaranteed; there a yard quality .......43c ; ¦ *31»Jv plate- engraved in a number ol exceptionally Rood. It comes in colors
ages I to 4 years; C2 OR are none^^tt^ manufactured. As v;e only have twentv-four pieces 45-inch Biack Jacquard Suiting- a „ "extra fine *Bread Tray for l?3.50. novel designs. They also have di^rdinaT^d navV"' A^yfrd^. !m
"'« ? r '« JO.CO of this gcahtv^t sells at 85c a yard an early visit had bet- rg^ [ v ».0<l a yard quality. n<) c An extra hne Pfeao y £^ - \ Xtrw9mmas _ w / repea y t the ffr<?at
Wool Dress-Made for older chil- ter be made.^ Our, price JVC j * ,,5,.«j *j^ ti^ *Ml£ek™&fo*l*&™**?te- Thanksgiving special at JO.DU value off;r|d« "^is^'k is^u'"^
dren; of an a!i-wool serge; it has a $1.00 Table Linens Nearly One-Half— These linens are two yards wide; VlKierpriCevl PlOllOnS . -.'F renc h grav . finish and handsome Milk Pitcher A, splendid value in a' ror waista or 'lining and has proven
round silk voke c: fine tucks, with some 2*4' yjflft>wide; the designs are so varied and pretty that we (Main Floor) enrravinc " ¦ a'aadr-'ole plated milk pitcher" it is rr<> of the most popular of this s>.i-
.e.ilrtrBnxd.ith fancy .ilk bniJ Double Satin Damask-this g r,4c i,. 3 n cxccp ! icn : ,,l y heavy ma- IS H23SA ffffl" KKi^SS B^jS^S^ %' Sf « ?. . . . .'. . $6.00j ™{™
ll?-*lb-rt"°^ Ml* bta~se front* ! ?riaIl « *' T id ' : y ° U ° P 1 " 0 ' dUP ' kate ' he Same C °" eC - Q5C SS«'«S3i! -¦•:• M & ">« V <™°' K^h.V Nut e«E«S^SS targ«n in very "^Sr gfegSSXSBi SftH "S&
•4"ktt\ c^d a co"-s thrown I Patterns at our price. Price VJC g^SSSii of C M -biiei "ASS where for I«s than $5.00. and are heav>- silver-plated nut cracker and r^ jrlly for: «jj- «•••»« "^ I \% b »£ \
Kd navv." and for children 6 S Und Snov '- WUte Napldns-A mil size dinner napkin ,m numerous pretty de- T ' i^ i3^ <X Jo special only during this 13 7c one-half dozen picks; «? 50 w ?»«" %«*££'?&£?'•? ™*i
10 yearJ; regular price * 9 no sign.: this ». the srade that 15 so!<f everj-where at $I..1S a(JC_ -Thanksgiving Sale....'. JSJ./3 good vatu- at o^hM r nc On^Mri.a.a.
»~;»" *«»• s "«' al - n - •• «S5t5B«ife:-|:-::-^ *>?» ».¦"-¦'-«- R T7.^^ P '?S't rort^: 1S --^«^ ttfA ToBet Specials Tonet Specials
Hand Bags Hand Bass F 35j?ffi.. WST^S? ifZi %°£i r^85S3l SteffiK3?. . On : &". Bt **L s -- Bo S .r, Dr.,. a "gZ m Tgi. i c S*. . f^0M «— "-»> r «- ««»»
(M*la Floor) m.,. p,^ Linen Dinner Napkins: sizes 2. 2^. 3 and 4 yards long; with V«,ae n««5»« » No 1 45c Cake Knive»—"1S47" Rogers A No. 1. Bath Sponffe-Large TcCrt Pap«r--
(m^i l-ioor) (llaln Floor) $2 00 a dozen at 81.»>O one doxen Napkins to match: j XmaS Designer . „ „ ' e?.ch #l.S-"» Mediterranean Praser** -Victo-
From our bis A. walrus crain $2!:5 a down at *1.7."» $5.00 fringed sets ... g3.J2o The December number of the De- Gravy l>adlM—"l. 48 ' Rogers Bros. A j.,.,.- Cjl ;i kenl _" 1 3 4 i- Roge rs A No. 1. Sponge, worth ria"— 1000 sheets
assortment of new . . wairus gram $2.50 a dozen at Sl.!).*» S*>00 fringed sets ' S4.*«I.'» signer is now ready and can be had No. 1 **•>« ea^ 6oC 50c; special Mon- in rolls or pac^c-
ba.^s we have se- six-inch bag that $3.25 a dozen at SU.,%0 $6.00 hemstitched sets. .. S.'J.r»O at our pattern counter at iOc. Sub- r-pam tadles "174S" Rogers Bros A Be-rr Spoon — "XS47" Rogers A No. 1. day 12»»<« ff* 3 - regularly
lecied a 5-inch has moire linire $3.50 a dozen at S2.7.-» $7.30 hemstitched sets. .. *4.2.-, scriptions taken for Standard Fash- | . ...... ..f:75c l Sth V.T.. 81.25 Ciamola SWa— Oil 10c; special Mon-
riveted frame ba»i "*j , v "J f $1.00 a dozen at S3.OO $3.00 hemstitched sets. .. £3.7o ions. . . .• • *'?* L •••••••••• ;;•;• * uu - ¦ - - tanned Chamois! day-.4 tor 2.jP
that has a strap ? nd ,. a . 9™'° ' Skin 2«x23 in.; ricrid* Wat« — 3
handle and is handle; it is filled _ _ . —•,—•••« « « -, « A a «>^ • worth $1.2a; spe- ounce bottle Pal-
S3£--- Here Are Suggestions That Will Help Hints for Your Thanksgiving Dinner >%$&*& £f^-^
Monday This bag md sells rcgu- %J%JF . # - odors: special Hair BrosSt — A
MB 89c You in the Thanksgiving Celebration i n Select Groceries and Liquors «7v rh *f p -;--^
toedt0 -- ° W Monday at O7C[ . (Thlrd^oor, ., • (Fourth Floor) Sale Women'sFur Trimmed
Women's Fine Knit Under- • Wc have caref " n y &. onc over l h . c , sto^ s u of - our Cro , cker y . an 4 W^ b ™ ;i ten f'V Th" • "Quality" is one of the strong powers of aii of the goods in this section of our big Felt Juliets
FTneKmt Under p^^ g^ f§0$i Z 'At S .o re . W t .Lran.ee .he ,n Mty ,o be .he very fe an, our prices „„¦ be found wjjh <*a, n^>
(Main Floor) home will be found here in practically unlimited variety. rare exception to be the very lowest. A special delivery service for tliis dspar.msn. in- | ££>g«g*. will giv- you sonit
Vests and Pant? — Mr.de of pure wool Turkey Boasters— known as the After Dinner Coffees— In over i surcs promot and quick transportation of all purchases. If you are too busy telephone j idea o* the 3!tppers.
in an ;«« fine rib; these garments ;Br«rn^Bgg^^ ha,^. N:^> :: > ::^^^^- 51^5?"^ biSJTsU^ y our orders' and they will be filled with, satisfaction/
are n n-shrinkable ana will wear ¦n-n.uaiinfe J- u% 5,- u.-» .« worth 35c ard 50c each. *.:-¦-. _ _ vvtS^SljS dld workmanship
extraord narily well; colors are Cl «S roal?« in ereS Thanks 5 lv?S K special, your GrCCerieS Cranterry Sane— Our T^ er -^^- a , n^ J= at « lals ln "
crcam and pray; they always sold ctl()ice WV.VV^ 50 Pin» PnULr Go Ion f- Dill = .^1^^^ New French Mar- elndg. com.
r or c ¦--- no' to "be C'l Cri itively cannot be equaled— r^^—1 Caio stands— Polished Glass Plum Pudding-— Gordon & Dili- Jars _each liOc U^W runs. In syrup or ill the d
: . \ '• ° - \[ SO 15 inches ions O-'c fp«£5^>gta a^ . ¦ Cake Stand?. 10 inches in idiam- worth's or Richardson & Rob- M*? brardv Bar-le-Duc i Vk \ Sharti. tSn«- alf a?I
had lor Jii.*J\J 16 inches tong MItc eter: real value 50c. Thanks- ... 4s _c-i f . a tin- 3s— Seeded .Balslas— Fancy new Wf§ brandy. Bar le trac. S?Jttn» >fi?«^Jrt
Coabisation Suits-In the Florence 17 inch,, W !>5c CarTtar s<u _ The f™-.^^^^'^-^ GOc a inf ° 2 s-4oi a t^ .roods; 1 1b packages; 3 pack- ffl^ Stuff ' ktfs^P? 5^> g? "{Jade
they button across the chest J. %^l^fg2££A & "" " WSf -22L ia'rrons. | i^^eg SSje,;
gray n!y: they are an extra good "?7oA d k?fe S^TfcnSJwnr^ 'slecia ' /^^^^rV Creai:i ° f Xai=e - 4 lbS 25c -K^ S 15c and 23c j a^a^" RH
value and well worth ff-> Art C - J put up °n faS?y boxe? These „ • •• ¦'••• ¦*'-'&! ffl*S^=^£?Vi\ ' Asparayus-S. & W.-tln. -25c . WZjl tte.-.loc and .„€ bo W to natch. The a P^--
,S^ ; .o,r Price.. .....V $2.00 N^^^^ : -^'^£3^^^^^ Maple Su.a^Welsh Bros.. Lib . ; S^"
Ccrset Covers— Thev, are knitted and Turkey - i latter-— in plain a rna nKSi pvmg on ermjr. 51.25 a dozen; Thanksgiving packages ISc LiqUOrS -bl.ick. They are soft fitSi,«^. I
- : " Seev^ind a« nned in JSft iVffl^.te Isf *| iSg-ff - fe^SS — ctina JJ^^ «- J«« |H|kL
V.. : .:r..;r;: • ?ome m £ rnoYe tSS, JS^rlcS^wS * £ *" ™« '^@|' R^a SSSTLSS^iZ Chestnuts-ltalian-new taper- BeU's or Duxkee's Poultry Sea- gallon . /. ... . - SI 1(> g"'"^" 6 have
SSr Sor bSckTspe-^ TO?. DSc and. | Wf this Thank Sg ivin g orter lnf to tatlon-S lbs '..„• 3 cn^-tin lOc 5^^^ A°£* WSsIL
rial v,:,c at jUC •-• B^lallBeautifully tint- iS how V,i l . n /J"" "^^ =read " and " Butter ' "piit.s- j Citron, Oranff. or £«» Peel aeat _ Cognac— Martell! Hennessey or yo ""'r 1 AA
— ==— ==— ===== Sa ,:^-? d ° d^-at^d witft T floral !"%,„.?" M-'-'tJbI Made of Crown Imperial and Glace— pound IScXew Atmore's or_^^^__ *asX— triple star S1.45 choice \] (JO
In our ?-Pyroira- , T hird Floor) i? an R^Y J'VnS prfpare' if "-. Z T^ 4 ues are up " "' ' " MiXed KtttS " ri^ HJl J«=»i<» .Bum-Imported-bot- Batteilberg " .Onental
¦ C 2™ LtV.j: JLjfer'. c \Colty-f.^.H -pcom-Best-, i bs : d ife^ Curt^ .Tapestry :
K"*™* S V.Vo |||- ¦ B^S* ha^dso^ Astern leaf, loose _ j^^ *'Ji2^aSi ¦*' ' ' ' TS OurilfTurtain <" ? >
35c up: also wood By Mabel McKnley have sterling silver tops and handy HfRfe^ Imitation cut "giS«. This 2et ~ lb X - c ronSn«d \r fe^ST^ Soiled Cider— Quarts 4«> c cepartment fur-; Here is a .B0-lnca
your own Chrirtnias | Q Thanksgiving special, a pair .. crack- Value $1.00 a set. Thanksgiv- packages; 3 packages ..25c —3 pacftages 2,"»e ,S» % *~Tr® c«°tn^ cacitails— Assorted— day ' 10 ° pairs of 1 corners. mantles.
pifts. Our classes IOC 23c r =' vege-^S rf3 ing special <?rje - US/ • iffj bo«2 C0CIxail *^ Asaor J e R hand-made real Bat- «oncb covers or
are absolutely free. v China Dessert Plates— Elite tables, tie. Claret Bet— Plain, finely polish- 'OUves— Queeii— Seville Packing C r a b btrrief-^*!^ r. i- ,' " V ""J."^r* V.'-VrwV-T *• te^ T « Iac , e cur * P°«leres; It 1j th«
VoiMUyand China Plates— several- choice The family s:.*-. ,vortn 41.25. ed claret jug and six claret Company: large Queen; regu- New Cape CoC- te^intlf a'nd ai^7at ol? MtS wh >!?f till S2 ?n?l
k-'lffl**^ "»*•« Tuesday^Qnly. I f^?^^^ 65 Ve have marked special at^ . glasses^to match. i ariy 30 c bottle special. .22c 2 quarts 23c lo^pVlces* ** T "^ JK* B^ J^Kl SSt *Sf«" 5g
Handkerchiefs A ' i/^mUAIPn' c'l 4T ' '> ', "^ i. - =jaVfr Ie :.^l>O3 55C
Annpol ONE^HALF Price Sale of Specials Gathered m Clearance Sale of All O«r Stylish PtoF*™.! " An
Beautiful Furs Begins Monday OurToyDept. and Cleverly Trimmed Hats L^^d-^tiS^
a^Vir:,^^^Sri^ (Xh,rd F loor> «^j^_ h^ . . . «^- q | V^to
1*jl/^ 55c *r\^ bered for its wonderful values; taf* one will be still tetter in prices as • V| ,i«. «. of a Maeic Exquisitely beautiful and appropriate arc all of these hats. The moldings, and we pieces. \Ve have
pS* IC/lZ ****** . IVC weir as variety. Apln.it la the surplus stock of a large New York fur «., • f'antcrn made ot prices cannot be equaled. Rather' than postpone this sale until the Have a large work-
rU a 't Q I *Z "i"»'u*- oT^oppo^^^ rdk***^ Slsh^with"! c^e of the season\ve start it no.v. wh'en/the hats are most in room in which we o^
Oreat bale Of Neck Klllfs mo P t popular garments— Jackets. Long and Short NVck Scarfs. Collarettes. r^f^^WW^Sl hrirh p^ i<™ demand. It gives considerable more satisfaction to our customers can make ar.y this season.
'Main Floor) Four-in-Hands etc There are pieces of Mink. Chinchilla, Ermine. Mar- G^J^fmSS It' 4s 'bought "To and at the same time insures us of a clear stock room later. This £¦£ Vis°it „*££$£? p°n 5
Q^^^JSZ? J&S- SS " 8^£ h - more display room now and •& JE5S " " " S^^ ° nC S !??S let Sh? by SfcK^ "" SS.*fe? "^
this season. We are selling them at f&tttJ shoppin? will be done under better con- W* one-half 25c >n \; 1 v S /> _ " " '
half the price; some less than half; s-969Q**%Z ditions. No matter how great the crowd. Dell's Eed— Trimmed with fancy M^ VailieS l\1\V $£ .3\J --P-^^S^^^g^^ Wool AlbatTO«iS
whlte^d'wS^Sd'btac^Prtl^ a " d <&nZ&& ' all will receive personal and courteous wire and shown in three differ- Tur'oaas-Brown Velvet Turhans. ,?^VtuSvV^
f:-£0 e ncw.^-f.fjf %SS- no^ C^2.48 F"^loi Cxtra salesladies have been anV^ Si7 r^ ££*,££ aPPli ' iUed C^S^^^^^^^A i This is one oTt he latest materials
.0 jv r.ow.>i..<s t^.^0 r.og..s:{.OS -i&S */ secured. Iarly for 35c; special Monday . p rC ncii Sailcrs-^A Iar^e brown V : ' or dresses or waiit? made, and one
mm m r» . . _ ' ==t / fJ *'^L_-A / >¦'.*•. I at lioc 1 volvt trench Sailor shane with ' " "Ii" ' 4 ' iiJr^kf.'^^iSS&V'SiM V I' .t,™* u. >rfi>nt!nni1 rv*ri«- I» J^
Men's Smokins Jackets 8 "- 98c *% fc&HB SsSaS.® Sfc'Sfi^SirSd"^..^
browa rreen and Oxford; Us h-avy / VWjLH' \ B.Ijrian Kink Cluster Scarf, that nc % ft f&Q Ue *%?* "I" H° n FI-- silk ' with a touch of , oran S e - -' C^ 5^S^8w#*lr —cream lizht blue oin£ ?ed narv
weight end finished withcV "^Z f I'-W^? have six tails; worth $2.00; our VJXp i K\ twth. It is marked ?f»..o. Drejj Turbia-Mado of black vel- . I •^bjii-^ S^ ' A - v —cream, L^t Dl-e. pmiC rec, navy
clct 1 -. e.r<l cord edge- « blc Si "^ nfl i /'CraoS-l price :. • MJ *' | y/ -Monday !t can be had at v f t that has a brim of jet ncv- T ~^5Lk-"'' • blue, black, brown and srreen; an
rate, at .. ' . *J.W .. tJ^BBfy.A The same «yie Scarfs with six tall- of 'iV K« Body Doii-^vith bisiu? hS«? j trimmed with Ostrich ' extraordinary value, a yard. -J C
EB^HSwl?^" S?*"WFV) «-^" ci^'scarfs- „ _ SO a^oMi s^ aV^t&l &££ffA l &^^ </W/h ' ' Great Towel Specials
$5>98 JW'ft>7k ¦ imitation E r- '^^r^^^}^^ wSfed^-^ fo^e S.^4?
! >(tm 8T -"jPQw mine, with frir.pre; splendid S* g r*/\ Iarly sell at 3jc, special at ,. ..lOc &%&&££&&. ' -»in in r.^h- *
Boys' Knee Trousers WM y^! 5 .^ 53 : 35^: ::::::: $6-50 , ,^:^^^ HatS at $3.48 fiSo^^A m^W?^ 10c
(Second Floor) W&&22r - Sdulrrel Scarfa — Beautiful & , nrv ) 0^^^^0^ \ ** Esinxntd ' iaitn' Tow«ls^-Thit "hare red
inese trousers are made of Cordcroy.l <: r-a*^ Scarfs, with fringes; regu- \H SM H H AJ&Pm/J*^ JLA-t j^S \ J&P#$%y3ffi i iZ% JTM - ' border; these ara eood wearabl*
in brewn cr gray color; this is the! /- 1' '\ E»B » l\ lar value $12.00; special at i| — H K^sTh llffl tSTx H;Sy& ! A Velvet TnrT>an that has shirred brim and a pret- towels ar.d worth at least « /% t
•atae quality that sells everywhere! /tt|5&} [IS^ ronr-ia-Saad Scarfs — In QP v 3 — H B aCJI ' H S HL P "2TB tlly draped crown. i J^-OO a dozen; special, each | £-Q
for 7£ = ; they are made for boys ttlWti JSmk \ fAnce en"ds- k worth's 10 00 th 3^»V3 T| fcjp- #¦ Wsp "^S /^T L4^^^W Wavy Elue Silk Cc=tiaentil Hat— Finished with HeavV itiea "TowaU^-These *ar-* s-ciTred
rrcr: 4 to 16 years; special f.O* ¦ t -'th\^'!' £&32&3 \_ ',,„ "' , „.,!/ * rii r^ ' * i • r ";g*e^r <^\ pale blue w'nci and cherille buttons al a bi^ savin?, and we are thus en-
M«*»»di£5& 42ci -atf^^^X 1 : $5.95 «/ A^na IAB L B ,« t ! Lt^««^- r,.. 6rlm ,
wo=. sw^frtS-, : v ra 3 .0 6 MTJA .rs^^^B^mi. Iv * . f MABKET&eJONES 573, :<mmk °' >— ""•" ?*S2^X*-J£ |l! in-KI^*?! 15c
years; this is an exceptional bar- Bavin* of _ one-halt . ." j % ''^f\^3S^P. Pale Bine s&apa— It rails hl B h to one aide and li I (Second* FX00V) '
pic, fcr . . a . , 75 !. . gz :™~: 49ci ==. AU SSia^ B ' "^ i -if h have made S™:^^*^ shade OJ reseda vclvet T^°T^% h 5SSJf??«5S 75 C
¦JBBE^^^HfHiJ^i^gBHMBi^B^i^B^^^B^iMi^i^i^p^^i^^H^p^^i^pHi^^lHM^kMMi^B^BfH-^Ba^p^BaM^g. m^^ _,^ ___ J .^—^^^_^__^_ j ; I... ' * ' * » . - * . . 1 . ''"¦-" ..._'. f V3 iU9 )I.*O| &L. •••••<¦•>••*••"For ourselves we do not profess
any special liking for the. Republican
party,", while in the same paragraph
LONDON, Nov. 12. — The weekly
newspapers issued to-day devote con
siderable .space to the Presidential
election in the United States and. all
dwell lengthily upon the personality of
President Roosevelt as the prime fac
tor in the Republican victory. The
most notable article, appears in the
Spectator, which j preludes a spendid
tribute to the President with the ad
mission: , ¦ - -
Weekly Newspapers Pay
Tribute to the Person
ality of the President
ENGLISH VIEW
OF ROOSEVELT
¦' The Japanese constitution guarantees
absolute freedom of religious .belief,
and the -gospel of .Christ -is; preached
from one' end of the empire to' the
other. In Japan there are members of
Christian jchurches who! command ,her
.battleships!'' .who"' sit , in ', her '/cabinets;
and whopreside'over her Parliament.
.ST. LOUIS, Nov. 12.— After passing
through the deadly battles of the
great South African conflict, John
Backhouse, a British veteran of the
Boer war, . who on August 2 wedded
Miss Catherine Papsch of California,
was shot and killed at the World's
Fair- by Ernest Chriss, formerly a
member of one of the "Boer armies
during the Boer war and now a Jef
ferson Guard. i
Backhouse was In the employ of the
Boer War section. The | shooting af
fray occurred in the arena of the con
cession immediately - after the per
formance. Chriss says that .while he
wa$ standing: at the main gate of the
show, it was reported . to him .that a
fight was in progress inside.
S He walked into the arena and found
George Standevan and Daniel Devillers
engaged in . a flstlc conflict. Upon the
appearance of the Jefferson Guard the
flght ended. Chriss says •¦ Backhouse
seized him with the announced deter
mination of taking his ! revolver from
him. The guard immediately drew the
weapon and shot his assailant through
the groin.
„ A, general encounter, between Boers
and Britons ensued. M*/iy blows ;were
struck, and revolvers wre drawn, but
no more shots were -.fired. Officials! of
the • concession' arrived upon 'the i scene
after the fatal shot had been fired and
succeeded in parting -the combatants.
Before this had been done Chriss had
been badly beaten about the face and
shoulders. . -
:; A*, few. .minutes after' the ' shootlnsr
Backhouse was. -removed , to the
World's/Fair Emergency Hospital,
where he died four hours later. Chriss
was arrested. . The body of Backhouse
was sent to the St. Louis Morgue.
John , Backhouse was 33 years old
and , his home was in I Leeds.' England.
Ernest Chriss' is .24' years, old : and a
member: of Company. A of the Jeffer
son'Guards. He served under General
F.. A. Funston in the Philippines;dur
ing .the Spanish-American .war,) and
later went to, South Africa and fought
with the Boers. : , ;. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Guard Who Claims He Was
Assaulted by Ex-Soldier
Fires Shot That Ends Life
H. E. da SSlva, who has been out
on ball for several charges connected
•with the illegal landing of Chinese,
surrendered himself to the police last
night. He has been out on bonds of
J'.OOO and $3000 furnished by the
Aetna Indemity Company. The pris
oner and his attorney, Hugh O'Neil,
refused to be interviewed.
Da SHva Surrenders.
The German-American Republican
Club of San Francisco enthusiastically
indorsed the election of Roosevelt last
night In a Jollification held at a down
town restaurant. . This organization
was. the first to celebrate the sweeping
Republican victory and did It in good
old German fashion with songs and
speeches.
Julius Kahn, Congressman-elect
from the Fourth District, was an
German Americans First to • Indorse
Results of Election.
REJOICE OVER VICTORY.
BOER VETERAN
KILLED AT FAIR
honored guest. He addressed the as
semblage first in English and- asked
permission to make his speech in Ger
man. In his usual happy way he won
the hearts of his audience. "We have
here," he said, "one dominant party,
the Republican. The Democrats in
Germany would mean the party op
posed to the Government. Some day
there will be no Democratic partyi
only Republicans and Socialists."
C. B. Rode, who acted as chairman
ia the absence of President Robert
Wieneke, paid a handsome tribute to
the Congressman. Toasts were re
sponded.to by; Oscar Tolle, Carl W.
Mueller, E. S. Salomon, Charles Kuss
and A. Entzman.
•i : V
H. M. Kaniho of West Hawaii, a
Home Ruler, is t»i*» only candidate not
a Republican who has been returned to
the Legislature. There will be only one
other member of the Legislature who is
not a Republican— Senator Woods, who
is a hold-over Democrat.
HONOLULU. Nov. 12.— According to
the returns, which are nearly complete,
Prince Jonah K. Kalanianaolo, Republi
can, has been re-elected delegate to
Congress by a majority of 2000 over, the
combined vote of both his opponents.
The total number of votes cast' for del
egate approximates 13,000.
Hawaiian Islands.
J if publican* Carry -Everything in the
Carlisle comes to Kentucky, to ap
pear as counsel for Berea Col
lege in the trial of an in
dictment for co-racial education.
At the last session of the Kentucky
Legislature an act known as the Day
bill, prohibiting' co-racial education,
was passed. An indictment of Berea
College, which Is attended by. whites
and blacks, followed in Madison Coun
ty, in which it is located.
The case will be called at Nicholas
ville on Monday. It will be carried
to the State Court of Appeals and then
to the Supreme Court.
Under the act the college as an in
stitution, the faculty and trustees and
the students may be prosecuted. The
present action is only against the in
stitution and will serve to test the
constitutionality of the act.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 12.— John
G. Carlisle, former Secretary of the
Treasury! arrived in this city to-night
from Washington. . He was met here
by Guy W. Mallon, president .of the
Cincinnati Trust Company and a trus
tee of Berea College.
College Prosecuted Because It Per
mits the Attendance of Both
Whites and Blacks.
ALMOST A CLEAN SWEEP.
KENTUCKY'S CO-RACIAL.
ACT WILL BE TESTED
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— Corporations
guilty of violating the Federal anti
trust laws are to come under a search
ing investigation by the Department of
Justice- in Washington. According to
reports received in Chicago, the Inter
national Harvester Conmpany and the
United States Steel Corporation are to
be submitted to a thorough examina
tion on charges that these two corpora
tions have been guilty of violating the
Elkins anti-trust act.
The Attorney General is reported to
be preparing to take up charges against
beef packers to the effect that they are
violating the order of Judge Grosscup,
which prohibited apportioning territory
among members of the alleged beef
combine and fixing the price of beef in
a specified territory.
Railroad rebates and "exclusive con
tracts" are the subjects for investiga
tion in the cases of the International
Harvester Company and the United
States Steel Corporation. Evidence ob
tained by the Interstate Commerce
Commission that these corporations
have been exacting unlawful rebates
from roads over which they ship their
goods is being laid before the Attorney
General. ¦ J ,-. ¦¦:
The Interstate Commerce Commission
gathered its evidence at an inquiry
held in Chicago in May and its report
was published yesterday.
Special Dispatch to The Call
united States Steel Company and Other
Corporations Subjects of Investi
gation by Justice Department.
Report ol the Interstate
Commerce Commission
Starts Inquiry-
The instigator and backer of this
movement is bt st known to Americans
as Tennessee Claflin, who ran against
"Sunset" Cox for Congress, and. with
her older sister, Victoria . Woodhull
Martin, attracted attention in Wall
street and in financial circles during
the enrly seventies.
"I am back in America to start a
great %vcrk — a work which, as a little
girl, I prayed for. and later on labored
for." said she to-day. "I have not lost
eight of It; and now that I have health
and wealth to do this thing it's going
to be done. I mean the placing of
women in their right position in the
state — not in words, but in reality.
"Women will have the ballot within
four years. There will be a new po
litical party with a great national is
sue in the field before another Presi
dent is elected. I am here to help form
that party.
•I shall start political clubs in every
large city, town and hamlet of this
broad country. Halls will be rented
and rooms ivill be equipped with all
the requisites for campaign headquar
ters. I have already selected good
speakers and practical workers for ev
ery State in the Union.
"This If not a woman's campaign
alone. We want all strong, able, clear
headed men who are willing to help,
and we want, in our turn, to help elect
those men. A strong Presidential
ticket, combining the names of men
and women both, will be decided upon
as soon as possible, and these names
¦will float on great streamers outside all
headquarters of the clubs." '• i
NEW YORK. Nov. 12. — Women who
would vote are to come Into their own
at last if the campaign mapped out by
Lady Frances Cooke, who formerly was
Termie Clafln, is half as successful
a_s the expects it to be. A movement
extending from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific and from Canada to the gulf is
now being organized. President Roose
velt is to be asked to emancipate wo
man as President Lincoln emancipated
the negro. Millions are to be spent
In educating and enlightening the
members of both sexes, and Lady
Frances predicts that in 1698 a mixed
Presidential ticket will sweep the
country.
Special DUswteh to Tb* Call.
It is also the opinion of politicians
that Philip M. Walsh of Alameda is
developing the most strength in the
race for the Speakership of the Assem
bly. T. E. Atkinson of this city, it is
said, will not be able to get the support
of more than nine of the San Francisco
delegation. This will take him into the
House with tpo small a unit of strength
to enable him to make a formidable bid
for the chair. He may have enough
votes to capture the chairmanship of
the San Francisco delegation, but it is
pointed out that if those not directly af
filiated with his end of the party here
choose to stand together against him
they can force a compromise even in
this question.
The Legislature, however, Is yet some
time away and the amendment to the
constitution lengthening the sessions is
still in doubt. If this is passed It will
extend the period for manipulation, and
many political surprises have been born
in much less than the weeks that re
main before the solons gather at Sac
ramento.
Among the latest to be mentioned as
timber lor the bench are Judge E. C.
Hart of Sacramento,' Judge Carroll
Cook of this city; former Judge John F.
Davis of Amador, now Code Commis
sioner; Judge John F. Ellison of Te
hama, Judge A. J. Buckles of Solano,
Judge Henry A. Melvin of Alameda
County, General N. P. Chipman, Dis
trict Attorney Arthur M. Seymour and
Judge Peter J. Shields of Sacramento,
Judge Trask of Los Angeles and Judge
Oster of San Bernardino. Many others
are in the flght for the offices whose
names have not yet been given out.
The opinion prevails among the poli
ticians that George H. Pippy will be
finally agreed, upon by the Republican
Electors of this State to carry the vote
of California to Washington. They
point out that as president of the
Union League Club, which has grown
greatly during his incumbency, Mr.
Pippy has done much to further the in,
terests of the Republican party in the
State and that up to date he has asked
nothing of the party in reurn. It is
said that U. S. Grant of San Diego,
who has been mentioned as anxious to
carry the ballot to the national Capi
tol, is not so desirous of the honor as
to oppose any associate on the electoral
ticket. Mr. Pippy wants to take the
ballot East and the sentiment seems
now to be in his favor.
Advices from Sacramento indicate
that Governor Pardee holds not less
than one hundred applications from
lawyers and jurists of more or less dis
tinction, who want to be appointed to
the bench of the District Courts of Ap
peal. It is settled that the constitu
tional amendement establishing the
courts was ratified by the people at
Tuesday's election by a large majority.
This fact has led many aspirants for
the position to come out into the open
and announce their desire for appoint
ment at the hands of the Governor.
Lady Cooke, Promoter of
Movement, Predicts Mixed
Presidential Ticket in 1908
Politicians Believe He. Will
Carry the State's Vote
to the National Capitol
CLUBS IN EYERY CITY
PIPPY HAY BE CHOSEN
Violations ol Elkins
Act Are to Be
Probed.
Governor Pardee Possesses
Roster of. Not Less Than
a Hundred Willing Ones
Campaign to Be Conducted
in the United States
on an Enormous Scale
WOMEN STRIVE
FOR SUFFRAGE
NEW ASPIRANTS
FOR THE BENCH
PRESIDENT
BEGINS WAR
ON TRUSTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER. 13. 1904.
"If the Monroe doctrine is not to be
consigned to the political waste paper
basket If must rest in the last re
source upon naval and military power,
and If America has not a fleet strong
erough to say 'Thus far and on far
ther,' to those who challenge the doc
trine, that doctrine in the future will
not prove worth the paper on which
the Presidential message of 1823 was
written. ¦
After predicting that the Panama
canal will be completed by President
it says the result of the election is .a
"subject for congratulation through
out the English-speaking world." ..
The Spectator then asks: ;.* vv hat
will he do with it?" and proceeds to
Credit Mr. Roosevelt with an" ideal
programme for the next four years,
the standard of which wiH.be,"Rea
son, justice, moderation and common
sense." *
Discussing the prospective policy of
the American Government in relation
to foreign affairs, the Spectator says
Fresident Roosevelt will not be afraid
to insist that the United States shall
hold her own among the great powers
of the world, but he will not seek for
eign entanglements. The paper con
tinues: :'."-" r *
"We believe his administration will
leave indelible traces upon the larger
part of the English-speaking race and
that for the whole of that race It will
be a lesson in and a sound example of
scund, sane Government."
The Speaker and the Saturday Re
view take a less enthusiastic view of
President Roosevelt's foreign policy.
The Speaker says it Is represented by
a determination to "get there Just the
same, which, involving as It does a
d?sregard of treaties and the employ
ment of armed force upon the slightest
provocation or pretext, represents a
grave danger."
The Saturday Review says: .
"We have often expressed the con
viction that this country has little to
gain In the end from a translation into
action of President Roosevelt's views
of foreign affairs."
Roosevelt, the Spectator says:
"In the Far East and in all that con
cerns the future of China we may ex
pt-ct the President, acting under the
advice of Secretary Hay, who is now
unquestionably one of the ablest if
not the ablest of living diplomatists,
to maintain the attitude already
adopted."
Concluding, the Spectator says:
38
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OO OO
fl IS TRUTHFUL AND CONVINCING 1!
22 ' ~ ss
•• Wm. Henneghcr, No. Stratford, N. H., says: . v gj
22 "1 sufered from Dyspepsia and Indigestion for three years and I am pleased to say your Bitters ••
OO cored me. I feel like a new man." S® !
OO ' " ¦¦¦--¦ •':¦. \ ¦ 5*
Oo Ira Dew, Covington, Va., says: ?- :V \ : V ¦ 2* '
OA "^ had tom * cn trouble for years and was so weak and nervous I could hardly sit up, but thanks to O© i
0 J your Bitters I am now entirely cured." ®® ¦
|| -Si
•• ifl^lll If y° u ever doubted the ability of this cele- 21
So brated family medicine to cure Stomach, Liver §2
So 'Mim or Bowel D^orders, these letters will prove el
22 conclusively the many claims made for it. Hundreds ||
22 fflB^^?lTgiS\ of doubting people have been restored to robust 22
So eB STOMACfi^ health by being persuaded to try ©•
!• Hi STPPEttffS S3
H m %>M* 1 HO VTFTTF R 9 §> §!
2° \jp L %J 111 U %s £1 Ol & i wl 3 22
|S % m^^^^ l Let us persuade you to follow their example, and So
|S If ll^i^^CTy- ooc^ nea^h w^l be your sure reward. The Bitters 22
|[| pE '^^^^^ positively cures Indigestion, Dyspepsia, Flat- ||
|| ulency, Nausea, Poor Appetite, Costiveness, ||
22 Vomiting, Female Disorders or Malaria, Fever ••
|2 anc i Ague. Try it to-day. ||
••THE GENUINE HAS OUR PRIVATE STAMP OVER RECK OF BOTTLE. ALL DRUGGISTS; ••
H222222tt222222222222::ttSttft^
¦ sv ™'.- • ¦ F will Acud a lir?e samplo Ireo by r&»
.«*»<; ww\*, TNW1W.W ¦¦"" turn mall to anjone who sends tMs
MISS MAY DENSMORE, advertisement to the Knowlton Danderine Co.,
«'i ? n.ui.™pV.™ r «; P . rn TTT Chlcaco. with their name and address »adten.c«att
. /. 34 DelaTraco ; rlaco. CHICAGO, IIX. to allTer or stamps to pay postairo.
FOR 8ALE. AND DFnilWPTAM f f+r\ wrt- « \ ' /
guaram'jjed bt kcuiii u i oiN & wUi, Wholesale Agents*
. -s ¦ . ADVERTISEMENTS. .- ¦ ,
How Very Insignificant, It, Looks-TTe "Sterling Plan" -Divide the cost by 52, or more or less, in accordance to your
income. San Francisco's prettiest homes were furnished that way-many of them on smaller incomes than yours.
;St^"-' ~~~ ]< tup rni nmn nrn connn ¦©s8R5*i§is^B55K§5l«ii'iS^. more attention to *
- NEW-'riirfaii inFA THE FOLDING BED, S20.00 ||||||||g3|^^ Sa 81^ SSBSSiS'JS
™S A l, -„ H«rd.o *nd fau.t w,, h U,*t price- .,X?°£,Z"X«& SSS™. 8 ?,^ 5 ,?;
n±*w j»bice, Sll.oU. impossible when you see the bed jSW wiy^ -^fif . This one ghould bureau. Mirror frame
Made of golden 'oak — and itself It is made of mahoganized • ¦ f3f ' V ' please; quarter-sawed i a just a u*ht hand of
select: well seasoned and ., . ' . .., ,, * , A „„,> *„ «¦ ¦ GW * fl( l polished; six feet oak: does away with
well finished oak, too. birch, beautifully designed and fln- - #» W in heUht. - that heavy, woody ef-
Isn't the design pleasing! ished. Double size only. %» - \? . , <¦.._., feet. Besides, tf« well
Mirror is a pattern French The wlre mattress, springs and in- _.. _ . -i'""- ' : . wtutttrer*! ne^'work^ cT^ i^ai
R-ichmond • Ranges ¦¦ ~~~»- Bs^^B,
Your Terms. Payments to suit you. Are aDgO j ute i y perfect in every way. Bake per- . £ZZC_ ¦.¦*.. '« fa
p _^/~^_ => _^_^' fectly, heat the boiler quickly and the small w 7''™*'] ra ******MP»wtsg^y y
ampunt of 'coal required would amaze you. No- if u ji It \ i . k fj- fcl'
'¦^^\ TT^Ti body can keep on brassing about a poor article. t^f^TTvtri J , | I . I A I \ I //^ffl » '¦>
W\ ¦ x A -\\ mlo YoU Cant get pnthusIasllc «bout anything that pjjj lJJswm^X| [ r ||;j j H
K^.\ N^.-Vv^ * 1 JC\M Every Richmond sold is a standing advertise- y i^J^f\^\i ! . fil
fife^^VA '$1 merit— it sells more Richmonds. and still more l^******&>£kl^ i .l«J>- ~£~JL*~WM * ' VA
II |L—^«~" %\ 6 25 MUSIC EHQLISH BREAXJAST ADVXBTXSED PBXOES ABE EVEBY- • • Heavy roll on arms and back: made of «,a.
f» . : I **^~ CABIHIST. TABIiE, »4. * »». DAY PBZCSS HEBE. culne mahogany: mahogany cut from the crotch
. . ¦*¦ The pleasingr de- When you once have . of the tree, cut to show the richest *rain.
FABLOB DESK, ' BlBn ! , lta v grac » U sed Ut yOU L^oil?^ They are in force until the sapply is ex- Springs, filling and workmanship are the very
««»•»% would make you how you ever got along J 1» i best. The coverings are of rich brocaded vet-
qmall nTice large " Ivant il - even lf without it. hausted. Sometimes the supply does not equal , ourg . uoa't confuse brocaded velours with
n«if rnK mk or txc ? Uenc « and con : Only a. foot wide when the demand and late comers are disappointed. ' -ordinary velours. These coverings cost $3 25
Ko G gS finish 1 ! Tu *\™t-™* ¦»"?»* For this reason we invariably decline all mail "* ""^ lervlceiU)le
ggg Yo\ r r ra gfr^! nt l "^"SSL. l^e ?g n &r dSs.^ .or telephone orders. < . | yonr vmnOmm.
L fe ij ej 9 j m Z i &mm ea ¦ 1 ILJIlil mm J t v i f B B m
m ia m I fl Bi I K k t^ I'll * A I | R | I oSm fl I I y t a w fa 1*3plain clothes to '. collect evidence
against the saloon men and they had
no difficulty in buying all the liquor
they wanted.
Warrants were secured from the
Police courts yesterday for the arrest
of 'nine- saloon-keepers near the Pre
sidio for selling liquor, without a 'li
censer Policemen were detailed ,ln
Sell Liquor Near thc Presidio.
The number of '.'Bdldiers 'engaged' in
the war. of the revolution was 184,038;
in the- war with France, 3216; in the
war of 1S12. i with r .Great Britain. 286,
;730; In the Serhinoie war In , Florida,
22.79S; in ,the Meilcan war, 73,718; in
the "rebellion, 2,213,363;' in the Spanish
war. 312.0C0; In the- Philippines, .149.-
Grapes and watermelon -are not "the
only things that make a fellow feel
seedy. . • ~
The fourth annual banquet of the
Stevenson Fellowship In honor of the
birthday of the late Robert Louis
Rtevehsbn was held in the California
Hotel last night: Rev.; Ernest "E- Ba
ker acted'as toastmaster. 'Among* the
speakers of the' evening were Alex
ander M. Sutherland, George St. John
Bremner, Professor Chauncey Wet :
more' Wells, -Charles Keeler, Rev. Wil
liam Rader, "David Starr Jordan and
Mrs.. Virgil Williams. During the
evening the toastmaster read, mes
sages of "regret from prominent men
of the world, including Secretary of
State John Hay, Hon. A. J.Balfour,
Prime Minister of Great Britain;
Jeannette.L. .Glides, editor of the
Critic; W1HH.' Low of New York,
Kev. Lyman Abbott, ...editor of the
Outlook;' Lord Rosebery and ! Benja
min Ide Wheeler. ' _
Honor Stevenson's Memory.
' After several months' negotiations a ¦
contract was signed yesterday between
the California Gas and Electric Cor
poration and the United Railroads,
wherein the former agrees to furnish
the street railway syndicate electric
"power to operate its system for a period
of twenty years. The contract goes
into effect on January 1, 1806. by which
time the power company will have es
tablished somewhere }n San Francisco
a' big plant through which electric cur
rent from Its big up-country generators
will be transmitted. to the various elec
tric car lines here. In discussing the
dear yesterday John Martin, .vice presi
dent of the electric , power company,
said:
"In order to take care of any possible
Interruption of service over our long
distance, transmission .line, which, by
the way, is now Jhe longest by nearly
100 miles of any in the world, our com
pany proposes >to install In this city a
complete gas" making plant, Including
every modern appliance. Thft gas we
maiiuf acture will be .used to operate
gas engines directly connected to elec
tric generators. The orders for these
engines have been placed already and
the first installation, will -be three en
gines and dynamos of 4000 kilo watt ca
pacity each, making, a total installation
of 16,000 horsepower at San Francslco. '"'
"The particular advantage of the use
of gag engines by the electric transmis
sion company is in the very low. cost of
producing, gas .by the crude oil water
System, the. patents for which we own.
It Is the Intention: of the company, to
enlarge Its, local Jgas plant' whenever
consumption demands." . .
Vice President Martin refused to state
just where -his company's local plant
will be established, giving as "a reason
that'^any" statement on the~ subject
might tend to -interfere with the com
pany'B purchase of property."
¦ 'The company is now furnishing pow
er ; fqr the/ electric street railways; in
Alanieda. , Marln, Nevada, 'Butte," Sor
lano,' San ; Joaquin, ; Sacramento- ; .and
Santa: Clara counties," and: the contract
entered .into yesterday will add to this
list the; counties of San Francisco and
San.Mateo. Just, what, disposition the
United I Railroads ¦ will • make af }ts \big
local electric plant, 1 which was ohly'.re
cently completed." Is a matter it has, not
yet. decided." The ; company
gives . as '¦ the r primary, cause of its deal
with, the electric, power company, its In
ability " under present .arrangements to
This Is the statement of Edward
King, formerly treasurer of the Monti:
mental Theater in Baltimore, who at
tempted suicide - by asphyxiation
yesjerday In the Palace Hotel here.
King was arraipned in court to-day on
a charge of attempted suicide and. was
held for trial. King's desire to end his
life was the result of a quarrel with
his tvife, which 'ended in their separa
tion ten days ago. King In telling how
he tried to kill himself said:
"1 wanted to make death doubly cer
tain, eo I stuffed ihe cracks in the door
and window end even plugged the key
hole. Then I turned ; on the gas and
lay down to await death. • ,
"it was not long before everything
began to grow dark before me. I felt
the gas filling 'my lungs and quietly
overcoming me. Then the • little devils
began to dance before my eyes. I tried
to reach out and embrace my wife, but
my e\ f ery muscle • was paralyzed. , I
could not. move. To add to;my agony
the images seemed to mock me In
scorn. . . ;• •-. ¦ •.-¦¦ -
"All at once I began to fall. It
seemed . to ' me, as 'if. I was dropping
through space. • All v the time Frances
was getting: farther; and. farther 'away
from roe. until she- was finally, lost to
view. . -; rV. „ „ ¦¦ -., /
"The next thing I knew I suffered in
tense pain In my cheat 'and lungs,' and
finally awoke to find myself in the hos
pital." '• I '¦"¦ ''¦,:¦'
NEWARK. N. J., Nov., 12.— "When I
fcund I was dying a- million thoughts
flashed through my mind in a second.
Thirty thousand little devils, each bear
ing an Image of my wife, danced In "ec
stacy before my e^'es. I never Imagined
such tdrment before. And .then '..there
came a sudden desire- to Uye.-itrcra.yed
life and sight and promised myself to
lead another and far. better life, if only
I could breathe the pure air. of health
and freedom again. Gradually I- began
to lajise into unconsciousness. . and the
next I knew was when I awakened in
the hospital." . .
Freelal Dlsnatch to The Call.
United 'Railroads Enters
Into Big Deal With the
Martin-Be Sabla Company
Man Who Tried Suicide
by the Gas Koute De
gcribes His Seusaiions
Mrs. Hadwen Swain will have
aprons of every variety . at the table
which she manages. Mrs. Alpheus
Bull will have v charge of the booth
for . the sale of fancy articles of all
kinds. Mrs. LouIb Liaser will be the
chairman of a table for collars, stocks
and bags; Mrs. Bradford LeaVett" will
preside over the candy table; Mrs.
Lloyd Baldwin an art 'room, and \V411
have for sale receipts for cpoklng;
the delicatessen table, will be under
the management of Mrs. W. B. Cotrel
and Mrs. Clouirh. "There twill . be
plenty, of. entertainment for the little
folks on Saturday afternoon. Verily,
two delightful days are in store—Fri
day and Saturday.
The society gives a yearly contribu
tion to the Juvenile Court; is a con
tribuTOT-to the Associated ¦ Charities
and to the District Nurse Fund. Every
year a sale is held and in this way
money is earned, which is sp gener
ously used for worthy purposes. This
year the sale will be held in the par
ish rooms of the First .Unitarian
Church, corner of Geary and Frank
lin streets, Friday and Saturday, No
vember 18 and 19, from 10 a. m. to
5 ¦ d. m.
One of ! the oldest charitable, organ
izations In the city Is the Society for
Christian Work of the First Unitarian
Church. It has a membership of 270.
The society averages fifteen persona
on its regular list of those who re
ceive the "free rent" privileges, some
of whom have been assisted for years
-H)ne for more than twenty-five
years. . ' :
On Friday and Saturday a Bazaar
-Will Be Held in the Par
lors of the Church.
One of the most pleasant gather
ings ever given in a council hall of
the National Union was that given in
Mission Masonic Hall last Friday
night to the members and ladies by
Mission Council, it being a ladles'
night. The hall was filled with a fash
ionable audience. The programme
was In two parts, the first half In the
main hall and the second half in the
banquet-room on the upper floor.
"The Scout" was given by a quartet;
a few words of welcome by Q. B.
Badgley, president of the council;
"The King of the Winds," vocal solo,
A. Mennie; "The Daily Question," vo
cal, solo. Miss E. Tobey; recitation,
Mrs. M., P.- ,Danley; barytone solo, E.
C. Bo'yaen', ' and "Last Night," by the
quartet. " > -
In the banquet-room\an excellent
supper was^/ served and then under
U;» direction "of W. E.' Moore, the
speaker ot" the council, the pro
pramnie was resumed. . "The Owl
and the Pussy Cat" was rendered by
the quartet; John S. Partridge re
oponded to the toast, "The Ladles";
E. C. Boygen sang. "The Son of the
TDesert"; W. C. Krum of El Capltan
Council spoke about the National
Union; W. F. Onslow " sang "The
,Queen of the Earth," and all present
sang "America." The affair was car
ried to a happy termination by the
following committees; E. P. Crosett,
George W. Lunt, Dr. E. W. Couper, G.
B. Badgley, C. H. .Workman, • F. C.
Herrlck. Dr. T. G.lriman.H. B. Ar
nold, Edward C. : Boysen, /A. N.
George. D. Coffin, W. H: ; Qeorge, L. J.
E. Beicke, W. A. Hargear,H.H. Lin
coln and W. F. AUvater.
Fashionable Audience Enjoys a Pro
gramme nml Banquet in Mission
Masonic Hall.
POWER TO COME
FROM INTERIOR
TORTURE COMES
BEFORE DEATH
FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH
' supports cnARirr work
NATIONAL UNION COUNCIL
ENTERTAINS THE LADIES
get sufficient power at short notice dur
ing the busiest hours of the day.
Deep water harbor at San Pedro Bay,
California, 540.000; 'Wilmington harbor,
California. $100,000; San L,uis Obispo
harbor. California. $65,000; San Pablo
Bay. California, SS1.000; Coquille River,
Oregon. ?55,000: canal at Cascade, Co
lumbia I liver., niegon. J100.000; Willam
ette River above Portland, Or., and
Yan-jhill and Long Tom rivers. Oregon,
|C0;C00: Columbia and Lower Willam
ette rivers, below Portland, Or., 5450.
<K0; mouth of the Columbia River, 5776,
000; improvement of Yellowstone Na
tional Park, 5161.000; road into Mount
Rainier, National Park, $100,009.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— General A.
Mackenzie, chief of engineers of the
ri.in.J h;at»-s army, in his annual re
port to Ihe Secretary of War, presents
ar. < xhaustive review of the work ac
y<in{.Ii.sh«:d by his corps during the fls
i:il y«:r tnded June SO last, and sub
mlts estimates of appropriations re
qui:<?ii for the fiscal year beginning
July 1 juxt. - -
-General Mackenzie states that the
foilov.irjr amounts can be profitably
expended !n th<» next fiscal year in the
distrtcta named:
LKtiES APPROPRIATIONS
lX>!t COAST IMPROVEMENTS
EELLINGHAM. Wash., Nov. 12.— At
the receiver's sale thig morninp the
property of the Pacific-American Fish
eries Company, representing an original
Investment of at least 11,000,008, brought
5210.000. bid by W. A. Peters, an attor
ney of Seattle, for interests which he
refuses to disclose. It is commonly re
ported that he made the purchase for
New York creditors. Neither Peters nor
T. B. McGovern of New York, who ls
understood to stand close to the cred
itors, would discuss the subject.
The Pacific Packing and Navigation
Company, offered at the same time un
der decree of the Federal courts at
Washington and Alaska, had no bid
ders at the minimum price of $500,000.
.Accordingly the sale was postponed un
til December 10. at 10 a. m.. In this city.
Meanwhile the receivers will apply to
the courts for a modification of the or
der so that they may dispose of the
properties, including a large number of
Alaska, salmun canneries, one cannery,
ceven Bhirs and barks, thirty or forty
tugboats and several fish trap locations
on Puffet Sound and supplies inven
toried at J400.000, separately or in any
manner that will bring the best re
turns. The terms of the order prevent
ed acceptance of any bid unless the en
tire property would bring a total of
$500,000. Several men were ready to buy
Some portions of the, holdings, but not
all. The consequence was only one bid
of $1000 for a small Alaska cannery.
This could not be accepted. No diffi
culty is anticipated in disposing of the
ijoldingE at the next sale.
News has been brought to this city
that an effort Is being made to jump
.some of the best fishtrap locations in
Puget Sound, owned by .the Pacific-
American Fisheries Company. W. A.
Ptters. who bid in the concern at re
ceiver's sale this morning, has notified
Heeeiver Kerr that he will not accept
ihe property until the menace is re
moved. Mr. Kerr left thl* afternoon
for the fishing grounds to make lnve»
tipatiun and declared that the al-
Icjred offenders will be taken before
Judg- Hanford of the Federal Cir
etrit Oourt on charge of contempt for
n'olfr5i«ns property under the care of
the court.
Sale of Pacific Packing and
Navigation Company Is
Postponed Until December
DXLY BRINGS $310,000
l*roperty of Pacific American
Fisheries Company Is Dis
posed of at Auction
CANNERY SOLD
FOR CREDITORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SUNDAY;; NOVEMBERv 13. 1904.
39
-CHAPE-NUTS. \ ; ;
Beeril '
. Running
DoiA/n'?
Probably Improper ; Food.
In That Case
Grape- Nuts
Will Set Y<«i Right.
Get the little book.'Tbe Road to
Wejfvllle.V In each pke.
A1)V -EirnSOIEXTO.- -
AN* OBJECT LESSOX
In a Restaurant.
A physician puts the query: Have
you never noticed in any large restau-
rant at lunch or dinner time the large
number of h'earty, vigorous old men
at the tables; men whose ages run
from 60 to 80 years; many of them bald
and all perhaps gray, but none of them
feeble or eenile?
Perhaps the spectacle Is so common
as to have escaped vour observation
or comment, but nevertbelees it is an
object lesson which means something.
If vou TvjU notice what these hearty
old fellows are eating you will ob-
Berve that they are not munching bran
crackrrs nor gingerly picking their way
through a menu card of new fangled
health foods: oji the contrary, they
seem to prefer a Juicv roast of beef, a
properly turned loin of mutton and
even the deadly broiled lobster is hoi
altogether ignored.
The point uf all this is that a vig-
orous old cere depends upon good di-
gestion and plenty of wholesome food
and not upon dieting and an endeavor
to Jive upon bran crackers.
There is a certain class of food
crankp iyho cecm to believe that meat,
coffee ai.d many oih«r good things are
rank jioisyr.e, but these . cadaveroufi.
BickJy looliins Individuals are a walk-
in? ccnCem-natioa of their own theo-
ries. ' \
Thc r.'.ottrr in a nutshell Is that if
the Etoir.ach secretes the natural dl-
pcttivp Jukor in pufllcient Quantity any
-e-feclesotn* fo«»d will be promptly di-
gested: If tl-e stomach does not do
e'j and vrruwn ftw»ds cause distress one
.,r two ff Ftuart'? Pytpepsla Tablets
c^tb nral v.IH remove all diffi-
culty, because they supply juut what
wery -neak slbmacb lacks, pepsin, hy-
dro cb tofic acid, diastase and nux.
Stuart's dyspepsia Tablet* do not
.'-t-t uD<>n ll>2 bowels and in fact are
no*, strictly a medicine, as they act
almost entirelr ubon the food eaten,
digesting it thoroughly and thus giv r
ing the KtornHch a mpch needed rest
and an appetite for the next meal.
Of pfco:>l<? who travel nine out of ten
use Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, know-
ing them to be perfectly safe to use at
any tiir.e a«d also having found out
by experience that they are a saf e-
giufrd agalr.ft indigestion in any form,
*nd catin's as they have, to, at all
houis ;ir.<i a<> kinds of. food, the travel-
ins -public for years have pinned their
faith to Stuart's Tablets.
All 8Qll them at 60 cents
for ful'.-tized packages and any drug-
Sikt.trora Mair.c to California. If his;
oplnk-n were aflxed. vrill eay that' Stu-
n:t'F Dyrpepiia Tabitts "1b 'the- roost
;..,;, u>r and-»u«rceesful reinedy for ar.y
- JOE ROSENBERGS. \ JOE ROSENBERG'S. , JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. j. JOE ROSENBERG'S. \" . . JOE ROSENBERG'S.
BaBBH^/riMEi^toBHaBlMWU^ iJMHBWWMHaWWJ 1^^ HIM'!!! IH'hWHUJI^' IJ . JliiBaggSflBBaaMpKawp
ll |«^«k^^ iSk&m "^^ *^^^S* : 'T-t.^ O A IU •-. Al»^ n^.»w^^ They are very easily made when ctSlcd'all olTmir'Sll Imp^ruitio^a E
1 h IS JJe l i&&jP*^ V^^P HI gffl-aB :¦« I lie IjGSL NfiWS 1IV Llie PflBCr y ° u , " s ? this a » lover beading. a great many Improvements. I
|, 3^^^ .^^nV | TOWMi'lBfai^ffl^ i«V UWt nCPO Ul "*^ * **r^» wh ich a « ¦ CHILDRENS HOSE>-Made of j
I W%^ M^(-^%^h^MS^^^0^ IBW^HWH -^888^ TO-D&V!= '^f • t d he P g U ood° S wa.hin S kind. "toJ fe^/wSf .bicycle'? ribbed^'riSni " K
\P. W'T^/^vAV^'^^^i^^^ri^^^'''' '- ¦* ; ; :'.••*. '* .¦:. ¦ ... ; ¦ -^ • ,- . could not get a ready-made garment wouM become unknown if your 1
B Y%K\ SAMPLE DOLLS, Pressed and undressed, double and single jointed, talking that win look as rich as this when chl ? d ?eh D woS the.e hose, ah sizes. |
|| M^^^mi I'f iknM^^^ and walk ! n S dolls, sailor boys, Chinamen,- Humpty-Dumpties and many other madeui >- Our price... a yard 8uc A palr ...» r>o |
¦i ¦^^5CS5^P^a|1'' ff Vk[^\^^^ styles. 'Sonic 1 are dressed- in satin and silk,-others-in-long coats, with hats to match; also HandKcrchtc! Time |[ G& of^ght^^hPg^Te^t! 1
h W?f xy&jglFs&A | f m\\ shippers and stockings. From 2 to 30 'inches "long. It will more than pay you to buy or Christmas win soon be here. fV— ->F ton. stainless black, the |
i I djs^Q^^im^W ; hem . novr an< u ay thism asidc - We ght them for 33 per cent i ess than the 4 m^ ufa r "on, e = irL'mss, "z \~^\ s^js^giS?- sss I
!B; jii£7/j /Ay^S^^^W^^i^ turers cost. They come from one of the largest European manufacturers. A dispute less ! thnn t i, cy hnve usually bwn XF'O and toe«. Extra ions. »i
i P W& 4iiWW^M^ b uTT two of^ ew^ ork ' s house ? who should °} ai ? them ' and r^7 th Z have r Id i^>™* « a x i> . && . S i d k s e e ;o°h^"?u ill : I
' I \ 'S^^ r WwH l m -Iw'&MFSIWv m-feeling on^either side, caused the manufacturer, to send them to us with freight pre- /2^ . kIsrciiieSf. — Mide of spect these for 25c I;
1 ' P aid - If your neighbors get here first they will have some pretty dolls to show you, 5%w(Sg/) sheer Belfast linen. . .. „ -• - B
I •" n W* at Pnces tharyou could never expect to buy them for. ; .^^ Tni«a^ TSo T na^ow I
3 I5C dolls— sample price 8c 40c ' dolls— -sample price 23c L^^ hemstitched hem. Price tho T JJ ett 5S5 \™ Si yvXL sSckiS B
' r^-sR^^^^K^K 25c dols— sample price 13q 65c dolls— sample price 42c '-.B^^> ' "i a die'^'^ " hand- }„»* Jg^ SiSTirSrif Y £l£ mr 1
, wr iffa^ wv&T HfJsaHWBk z3r/7ff ' * rs « «« « ¦ • - f-^^^ - *-*-»w»^-*»i¥YT--»¥^-*f* rt .-irt.^#** l * T * ritt vUliCr S »>«IT Ol &M
I J0BJmm- $I - 00 d0lls — Sam P le P nce 59C , Sheer Vdl^n^i^ol hem- LADIES' COLLAR AND TAB- K
|| -*-^ JglmM ; ' AMP MANY OTHERS ' , e ' " hem^dso t^Tws of £ade. °f Point Lace in very rich |
I ~ ' openwork hemstitching inside the IJJe",^"^^^^^' &. H
I "^^^mW ¦¦'¦ Com ? ar e and Be Convinced. Stout Women. You Will Find Our Umbrellas JSn^E"!^^ queen- LouisElSunded "if- j
¦ B * " n==*^' Bcfoi-e uurchashis> your muslin ' Here is a corset made expressly for Different than others. They are lOc l^fi-i 5 e ! >1 l?J;* 1 "l^r-* Vt^^^w^^ M
I " yOU ' waterproof ,md fast black. CHILDREN'S FANDKEU- S^TJd^iS^nbSSSM?' 1 ; I
H A v r '» i m > A«« bo tharthP Sfeo Catter^^^ #A Made of strong l^r]^ Here are some that CHIEFS— Made -of sheer .white heavr vine pattern. Price. . ..27c I
|J Arc You Going to MaKc Any Z^KSS^' 1 JS c ? ut1 !' ,T lth double /^^^\ we could not Bet the . m 2-ea^2i5%? emrtte « e £^S5 i5dies« ¦ overcouiar — t«> . H
I NCW WaiStS Or DrCSSCS <+ V LADIES' CORSET OOV- &<<5fo - al i!, m i n0 , ld b ° n l n g> (Ly&in agaIn ourselves tor ,,f ne a dozen, or....... 2 HC apiece prbte ct the ribbon or collar. • Made 1}
Ej nBW VVOIMi ur llTCMM _ _ ft, ir K _Mnde of soft b.eacn- I ls rust proof ¦ V* A Qg© t AP prices we are selling I^ fl Wn«, n of fine white lawn with a neat and ¦ B
1 SslHrS §S SS". h « ' TaV 0^ .. ML I0E iHV" lt t &kk^S&-^?SS& Do You Heed Any IWrplns-? ¦I
i arable. PriS^ ....... i?l.«O n l atch - Price 25c nn , u wnnnrt * d ' a n i y T with Italian twill cloth, steel rod short sleeves. Made of velvet fln- '5^8^ are s^me that come I I
:B aiAU " lli - r » ie ' \ iDtrQ' rmvvs Vo^. f wv.it,* and It supports and also reduce* the nni1 nnne-on fnmc elaborately ished thread Wf^^TS^P some mat come » j-j
I f 't me ?ei°SS' LAi>V E f^uTE'uNbERWm? Ladies' Automobile Bags. v £Tf££ar.£*r&2!i or -^JSfcffSaS&Sr* •
i to their friends and they in turn M f r d m ° f J r^h°n .^"LS??: Made oC alligator skin, the soft., with fast, black twill cloth natural Made of Ital , an Do your fret burn? Here b a I]
j 3 recommend them to others; that ""'.,^1™^, *"*¦¦* ,5 0 "!^ ch , f L°"? lc ! tanned kind, leather-covered frame, wood handles. German coin metal *£&, Shell, with a soft pat- preventive recommended by all I
!H is one- reason we have such ? U ffl" Ck o£" d a^ patent clasps, also coin purse In- trimmed. If you care to save money ifjffis. ent wire rat attached. Bood physicians. "|
IB a hard time trying to keep ruffle - Special for Monday. .. .8oc side to match. Long strap handles. and want a good umbrella you JV P[\\ It la venU i at ing. com- -LADIES' HOSE— Made of real g
If them in stock. Just received -,. f _ f . ... K We would rather sell 100 at a small ought to get one of these ror. .7 uC (Hrv^l/ forUble and will not Maco cotton, stainless black with ||
3 R full assortment of the new fall Hie LaSl UllCring in Em- profit than 5 at a - large profit, t-i. ' ¥ ' j ' interfere with the hat white soles or all white feet. Elas- ||
H coloring*. Made of picked lamb- hrnirti>rK>* hence the low price 50c TilC L&VndrV " pin. WU1 make a full tic and velvet finish. Full length N
H skin, pique etltched; Paris point em- uiuiuhiw, . mnvn for th« nl .,hln» pompadour or Leslna puff. ' No ex- and width, a comfort to the wearer. M
i{| broidered backs and two patent But the best that we have had this Wkr Wnmpn Have I oni-n^A . ciMince moie ior uie wasnuiK having one when you We are satisfied with a small profit, H
m clasps; In red. English tan. mode. season. -. msc VVOmen naVC Leamca thnn you can get a new one for. can %et them for the small price hence the low price. ..... .23c R
|| black and white. Fitted and sold *. 14 inches wide, made . . That for Shirt Vnists Joe LADIES' 'VEST — Made of O f 25c ..; ?t-. H
M with a guarantee ticket. Price.. s_XTr on, English lawn in Irish ¦ '. -, ffH& : Rosenberg's is tlio store. Cvli^ V s Par ' 3 thread, low. neck and . LZldlCS. ¦ • ¦ ¦ fa
\\ ?1.OO *>.^-A. point, blind; also French 1<^R Here is one mmle of Iron N^TVs^/ sleeveless; neck and arm- Ladies' Silk Garments A Yoa had better bnv vonr 11
fe &OSftS effects. Many different (%frh\ -Framio Alpaca, tnilor fin- (Lw^ holes finished with bead- luujw j m «ui uituw fy \ou nmi ocuer >our m
P HaVC YOU Seen rajiflp palternB'to choose from. WfA ished. The Lillian fancy SS- W ing; in pink and blue. At prices that will more than please^ A ?mlSS bSuoTm I
inn , a vrL *X ,1,, utti* On our bargain table for. ¦¦ mB& ished. military shoulders.. WL Price Oc VEST— Made of pure Vegi silk. SM? the^ at The old nrlc? II
ilSSS.I'e'^Je^JSt^brtg- . a « pd • 1OC f^T trimmed with fancy figured ANOTHER LADIES^ Swiss ribbed high neck and long B ffiSd. ¦
I h iJhTeck and lonjjsleeves open all Clnm^-h,,, DaI,« nlsfl l-,,.?/^ ki ?. ° eW i 8l « eveV «-. VEST— 3Iade of silk finished lisle, sleeve?; in pink. blue, black and |[ staln i es3 b i ac k. swlss ribbed 3
*§ the wLy down the front making it MUmDCrmg KODCS. also detachable collar, also braid low neck and sleeveless, finished cream. ?/ and non-irritating to the ||
3 tery easy to slip them o "and off. n,e Rood warm kind-made of trimmed. In red, navy^and black. with beading with ribbon run TIghte to match, ankle length and }{ m O8 t sensitive ski* All sixes |
I TTLIiri -'IP Vermont flannelette, double yoke , Anyone can be proud If they wear through. The newest Jersey ribbed tight fltUng tops. Price. ......... 5Oc |
\m Small and medium size -.»c rolling collars fin- thts <-. ns th»y add, chic and give dia- lace 'effect; in white only. Price.. .A garment • ¦ ?4
I Auto'veih ir^p^ndb^ ot S^t tinctl °- *"--•"¦= 8 : — ¦ ¦•¦ "~-»«.<SpjM* Brown Belts for J^ l^fjL^L 1
I AutO. VCIIS. help being more than pleased with & P A IV iT ™LL PAY YOU lit the Children. SSTde^f'Sft tL^m'erc^Sed
U h»? dVa^^r SSi^oS IvJSfAl/ I TO DO SO.... j :-/ J^Sr In extra large sizes. Made, sateen, waterproof finish, trimmed g
i|@gP teVtoS 11 ' H.S 2 C on P e r °i GrcatDoin 9 S £& LA VIDA CORSETS are e^aetly the same as custom- W g bSwn* a"? whiV £r!£dStLf r SS
1 yards long and 18 Inchos iS OUR Iiljmox DEPARTMENT -$?$ n.ndc coi-sets.t They are equal 1,, quality, in lit and certainly &M §,}£* c *- »?n heavy hS IISo du/t ruffle. Tailor Jtitched H
B [j±LiJ* u lde '.«» enwo^ k MONDAY .. V». » style, to made-to-order garments at very high prices. Only nesa buckle. Price.. ..15c seams. They hang and fit as they K
2 »$ar5k*&. hemstitchod border; in Jn thc newC st iip-to-date R!»)bons. / l . lh(^ most WDCrt labor is employed in their manufacture and should. An even exchange for... H
||«Pfc ¦ Jsr-JBS" Sfffiffi && -45& evcr ™- : »a iSSSTfi 1 T,r ''&?&¦«,„.««*£, *W Your Children's Under- - w-oo B
I S"? : ¦"¦•V SW trffi.rr.^'VSS- (^p.^»SJS^^.^V q SS!i 1 t I Wi-SS I S?S wenrHow We Are Never Satislicd
I 1 Qvalrty U Everything. WR p 8* /.^ «: 5^BSSS SS^ ,„ „ Z&ISTSS, « r «i5 e p!K SS -S-SS5 ffiSJ^TSSS B
S SKIRTS— Made of colored striped red. Price. .A yard 27c . ¦¦• ....;. $o.o0 quality— sample prce. 82.7,1 CHILD'S V^ST— Made of soft fln- I 1 CHILDREN'S A\*RISt I
IB Mondays price.... X7c ¦„. & i r . sUk ¦ taffeta; - fancy > corded ¦¦- '" ,^»p.op t qu»!Ityr-«unplo. prtce. 8R.(M» Pants to match, French band and BS^B mo^ e n ™4. extra i
m .. T j , T r j , throughout; in the new bright col- Don t be disappointed If you are not one of the first and we have ankle length; same quality as above; B3r^-3*1 ' strong steel frame and M
K NO LadyS WararODe ors. such as blue, gVeen. yellow and not your size left, ns there is only one of a style. j n gTliy O r white. W&SBBfl patent clasp; strong |j
vl A Is complete without one of white, also many other comblna- *— — — " " " ¦ ' i •--¦-¦ - , m^ m^ mmm mm^ mmm p^— — — Large size ......*......... .'.8o<* ' leather strap handles,, the new pat- i|
i fi We^SKnone tlons: Price ..¦¦.:......,.. .23c Wh y Not Add tO YOVT Cosy WdCOmC NcWS tO PllTSCWiSC »"»" medium size.. . . . .2Sc^ ent kind. Price ....23c,|
"p u$& for style and quality, we f i/A ip nftAi a iini a » l Ai Corner . Shoppers. f b £* n a AP-aiBf-R a 1 A1! Good Housewives like to I
I h aid WwnfVnd 6 rfo e 1 0 £ R 0 S E N B E fl G one of tiu?sc Tu . ruish vusMon ii ; li:si ?^ o i v iaijxe tllS-nOSFNBFRfi SaveMonc y« ¦ I
H «'4l Here Is one: ¦ 1 1 I 8 " WI«lll#l«llW • ¦ 'covers? (The imported kind.) _ 1 1 I G" IIUULIllltillU AVTiy not bay your belts here? This H
11 A£sX. Made of imported flan- «P V aai THE PRICF cutt-r Made of genuine Turkish cloth. Full 27 inches wide, silk finish; in ILfl U> IL _ u _ „.,.. Is the way we sell them. ti
' B /SSSeP nclette, Leslie' yoke, cuffs, intr-ni-wc -wuii.n £5 inches square with a large tassel pink, blue, orange, lavender, black, . ™ the price CUTTER LADIES' BELT — Made of all fj
jH •W w cpllar and yoke braid OtC liarlfpf $t II fl'ParrplI in each corner. Finished ready for also white and many other colors. «,#. UarWo* C» il n>C«rrall C« »Hk Pea° de Sole, girdle shape, laid M
!H trimmed. Deep gathered flounce. 010 MfllABI 3h II U rcilCil 01. the cushion. In all the new bright Price ..Ayardl2^c OlD Manei dl. II U raiiell 01. i n fold and finished all around with kj
jtl In all the new fancy Dresden col- ziKZX, OXDEBS SOLICITED. fancy cbjorings, such as blue, green, Ko^ettrs and cIioub. tied free by Bia.n. OEBEBS SOLICITED. hemstitching. ¦ Adjustable. . Price, tl
3 ors. Price •• • "oc I ~ - - • ¦ J yellow and red. Price ..23c expert makers. v- • * * J 25c |j
New! Quartered
oaK, "feathered"
The design, as pictured, shows that the chair. is", I
an extreme, novelty. And yet it's" trie 'personification . . ..
of comfort. The frame is "weathered" pak^jjiphol- /.
stered in red Spanish leather. Rocker, to. match also.
Our first floor, entirely carpeted,. pr.eSfentsVth.e. .
finest exhibition of ftimed and weathered oak fitrni-
: ture outside of New York. . , ; i --: .¦ • :,/, ,:-" ,
(Formerly thc California Furniture Co.) . ;
* 261 to 281 Oeary/St., at Union Square ¦ALAMEDA. Nov: 12.— V..A. Tuck
sen and his 13-year-old- daughter, f Jo-:
hanna, were thrown. from a"milkAva'
gon this evening 'in a collision with. *a
south side 'local train . on Encinal ave-'
nue, near Pearl street..; .Tucksen es
caped without Injury,', but the girl sus
tained a , broken arm "> arid numerous
bruises. Tucksen was - drivings along
Encinal . avenue,- < near. 7 Pearl "• street;
,where ; the - space ibetweenVthe ", tracks
and fence "is '¦ but, six :feetr wide;' iThe
train I struck one , of the wheels : of ; the
vehicle, -; : partly : overturning . .. it : and
'throwing' -the :_; occupants V over 'the
fence. .Dr.; E.jM.: Keys,, the local phyf
sician •• fori the' Southern -Pacific Com
pany,' attended" Tucksen's daughter.
Train Strikes 3iilk Wagon.
The ranches of Colorado,- June 1, 1900.
numbered 24,700, and were valued at
$106,344,035. Of this amount $16,002,612.
or 15 per cent, represents the value, of
buildings and $90,341,523, or. 85 per cent,
the value of land and improvements
other than building?. On the same date
the value of ranch implements and
machinery was J4, 746,765/ and • of live
stock, $49,954,311. These values .added
to that of the ranches gives $161,045,111,
the total value of. farm property.
The opinion a man has of himself
isn't always of value to the rest of the
world.
OAKLAND, /Nov. 12.— The follow
ing ¦ marriage ! licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Charles
Harbidge, 27. and Charlotte L. Grath,
23, both of Oakland; Birney W. Ad
ams, 2 3," 'and" Ina". Cook;.. 22, both of
San Jose; Harry Smith, 24, and Erne
line Nennefelt, 26, both of Oakland;
William L. Pattiani, over 2 1, and Eve
lyn I. Craig,- over 18, both of Oak
land ;" James ,V. Douthitt, ' 4 5, Los An-.
geles,'< and Belle Provalt,; 38, Qulncy,
111.; Guy ,W. - Waterbury, 25, Sacra
mento," and Laura- Prather, 25, Oak*
land; -Stephen-! 1 . Carom, over 21, New
ark, and Alice G. Jury, over -18, New-;
ark; Michael:, Nestar, 36, and 1 Mary
Preston,. 2 7, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
The colored Janitor, A. Coffey,
and his wife and daughter who
occupy rooms in the attic of the
building, had a hard time in makine
their escape-. from their . lofty abode,
for they were for a time blocked by the
names. They finally made their escape
through a window . to an adjoining
building, where they were rescued by
Police Officer Dan Keohane.
ShorUy after 1 o'clock this morning
a fire was discovered on the top floor
of the Mlnesinl building, a six-story
structure • at 227, 229 and 231 Post
street. The lower. floor of the build-
Ing is occupied by. H. S. Crocker &
Co. and the upper ones by doctors and
dressmakers. After twenty minutes'
hard work the fire department got
the fire under control. The cause
could not be discovered. The damage
was - nominal.
Flames Discovered on Top Floor and
Janitor, His Wife and Daughter
. Have JVarrow Escape. . .
MINESIXI BUILDING
IS DAMAGED BY FIRE
BERKELEY, Nov., 12.— For the
half hour of music af the Greek The
ater at 4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon
the programme will' be. rendered" by
FranzA. Ballaseyus, B. S., a graduate
student of the university, pianist, and
William Chester Davis, '07,-. violinist.
The programme will be as follows:.
Beethoven — Sonata, op. -27, No. 2
(adagio sost'onuto, . allegretto, ;-. presto
agitato), Mr. Ballaseyus; (a) Bizet—
Selections from "Carmen," Henry Far
mer; (b) Mendelssohn — "Spring
Song," Mr. Davis, accompanied. by Mr.
Ballasoyus; > (a) Schumann — "Auf
schwung" (Exaltation), (b) Weber—
"Invitation to Dance," Mr. Ballasoyus.
Half Hour of Music.
PARIS, Nov. 12.— Several young dra
matic authors have founded a curious
association. The members undertake to
write pieces without touching directly
or making the slighest allusion to adul
tery and divorce, likewise dispensing
with hiding in cupboards and players
undressing on the stage. M. Pierre Ve 1 
ber thinks the association may have
difficulty in getting the leading ac
tresses to appear in" their plays.
Aim at. Pure Plays in Paris.
Inspect our new brick warehouse, ready to re
ceive household goods exclusively Nov. 1. Only
brick warehouse in city. Bekina Van & Storage
Co.. 1016 Broadway. Oakland. Tel. Main tf07.»
LONDON. Nov. 12.— The Czarina has
written a novel for private circulation.
It is entitled "Princess Telia's Model."
and Is a graphic study of Russian life,
in which the rampant militarism of the
Russian is scornfully pilloried. The
model is a young Russian peasant, who
poses for the Princess and is forgotten
for a season. When the Princess re
members she finds he has been beaten
to death in a Siberian prison.
Czarina in Novel Raps Russia.
. The Student Congress debated last
night the question of giving approba
tion to Bishop Potter's subway saloon
project in New "York. The Judges de
cided that the negative side, which de
clared against the saloon idea, had the
best of the argument. '
Professor Gayley states that the
complete proof of the new song book
has been received from the publishers,
but it cannot be stated . as yet when
the book will be ready for the public.
Professor Arrnes* new. book, "Old
"English Ballads," ¦ is expected to be
available for use at the university libra
ry very soon, and Professor Gayley
also has several new books on* the way
to the library, among them being
"Principles ar\d Progress of English
Poetry" and "The Star of Bethlehem,"
which latter is to. be produced in dra
matic form by the Ben Greet company
at, the university in December.
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion is preparing its annual booklet,
describing situations that are available
for university students, in stores of
Oakland and San Francisco during the
holiday season. The list of Jobs that
may be secured upon application is a
long one.
Professors Smith and Woodworth a.rc
preparing papers to read before the
Farmers' Institute at Santa . Barbara
the first week in January.- .-
BERKELEY, Nov. 12.— Redwqod
trees are to be planted on the univer
sity campus, in groups that will har
monize with the shrubbery already in
evidence. Ground Superintendent Bol
tcn and Nursery Foreman Hcin have
gone to Menddcino County to examine
the redwoods there. They will -select
saplings, and if the trees suit the ex
aminers the redwoods will be given
place on the campus,' with a chance to
take the place of the historic oaks on
the grounds that are said to be dying.
A new policy for the university or
chestra has been inaugurated by Man
ager M. Newfield, who announces that
the orchestra will' give twoiconcerts in
December, one a way .from the. univerr
sity. One concert will be at San Rafael
hnd another at Hearst; Hall, to both of
which admission fees will be charged.
Mrs. Mary A. Chabot Passes Away
After Brief Illness — OUier Deaths
Across the Ray.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12. — Mrs. Mary
Ann Chabot, widow of Anthony. Cha
bot, the late capitalist of this city,
died to-day at her home, 104 East
Twelfth street, after an illness of ten
days. Mrs. Chabot was well known
In Oakland, where she had resided for
many years. She was a native of
Massachusetts. A surviving stepdaugh
ter. Miss Nellie Chabot. has lived at
the East Oakland home of Mrs. Cha
bot for many years.
Anthony Chabot was prominent
through his connection with Oak
land's first water supply system. He
presented the Chabot Observatory to
the city.
The Rev. Isaac Baird, 63 years old>
died Thursday at his home in Walnut
Creek, Contra Costa County.- He was
well known in Oakland. He was a
native of Nova Scotia. Mrs. Baird
survives him. - ' • • •¦ » - •--
Bessie A. Cohen, the 13 -year-old
daughter of Edgar Cohen, a well
known photographer of Alameda, died
to-day at the home of her grand
mother Mrs. Emily Cohen, at Fern
side, 'Cal. Her death was caused by.
appendicitis.
Joaquin Gomaza, a Portuguese em
ployed at the California Cotton Mills,
was found dead in bed this morning
at his home, 37 Boehmer street. It is
thought that death was caused by
heart disease. Gomaza leaves a wife
and three children. . .. >:
The funeral of Mrs. Apolonla Ott,
the mother of Charles F. Ott, Superin
tendent of Streets, was held to-day
from the family residence, 713 Third
street. The services were conducted
by the Rev. Edgar F. Gee, rector of
St. John's Episcopal Church, of which
Mrs. Ott was a member.
The total length of the navigable
waterways of Belgium amounts to 1360
miles. As the total area of the coun
try is 11,373 square miles, there is one
mile of waterway to every eight and
a half square miles of territory. Eighty
flve per cent of the navigable water
ways Is under the control of the State.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Mrs. Loney brought over a favorite
horse on her recent return from the
United States, and she is now much
in evidence in her saddle along the
quiet country roads in the neighbor
hood of her residence. Rugby being
the nearest town of any importance,
ehe invariably rides there and back
when she goes shopping. She has also
become an enthusiastic motorist and
thinks nothing of doing the journey to
London and back in a day.
Since the family returned from the
United States there have been a great
cumber of dinner, luncheon and garden
parties at which many prominent Xew
Tork peuple have been present. Friends
of President Roosevelt have been con
epicuous at these gatherings.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— A. D. Loney of
New York has now taken a long lease
of Willoughby Hall, formerly the resi
dence of Sir John Willoughby, a fine old
mansion, about seven miles from Rugby
In Warwickshire, and It is understood
that he intends to settle permanently
in England. For the last two years he
has bejen renting houses in different
parts of the country in the hope of
being able to find some place that
•would be congenial to his tastes and
habits. "When he went to Willoughby
about six months ago he entered into
an arrangement for only a year, but
the place has suited him so well that
he means to make it his permanent
homo In England.
Hitherto llr. and Mrs. Loney have
ehown no disposition to go much into
Bociety, preferring to lead a somewhat
retired and quiet country life, but since
their recent return from the United
States their ideas seem to have un
dergone a complete change. Their staff
of servants has been doubled, motors
and carriages have been added to the
number of vehicles already employed,
end pome spanking horses have been
introduced to the stables.
A. D. Loner Provides L«artre Estab
lishment in England and Prepares
to Enter Society.
This negative Is developed like all
photographic negatives and is copied
on film, after which the two pictures
are laid one on the other, and thus a
negative Is obtained totally different
from the ordinary photographic nega
tivea. If the cage of prepared gelatin,
immersed in the special liquid, is ex
posed to the light under this negative
in five or six hours it will reproduce the
picture in relief with the utmost per
fection of detail.
• Mr. Boese already has given practical
demonstrations before the Camera Club
and the Royal Institution of London
and the Urania Society in Berlin.
The difficulty in M. Boese's invention
was to procure a negative in which the
transparency would be proportioned to
the degree of relief which it was de
sired to obtain. In order to do this
the object to be photographed is placed
In a dark room In front of a specially
constructed camera and a special blue
light, filtered through a red prism, is
projected on it. Two poses are neces
sary, so that, having obtained the first
impression, the operator rapidly re
verses the negative and takes a second
picture on the same plate.
He explained the way he Is able to
produce in relief all sorts of pictures
by a very simple process. The funda
mental principle of the invention lies
in the discovery that gelatin, sensitized
with bichromate of ammonia loses
the property of absorbing liquids in
proportion to the length of time it has
been submitted to the action of light.
A cake of such gelatin immersed in a
special liquid under a photographic
negative will after a while show relief
and depressions, representing the image
on the negative.
ROME, Nov. 12.— Charles Boese, who
recently invented a new process of
photo-sculpture which, according to the
scientific publications, is destined to
revolutionize the photographic art, has
arrived In Rome, where he intends to
start his first establishment The young
inventor was born in Florence; his
father was German and his mother
French. He is only 25 years of age
and admits that he owes his discovery
to chance.
Photography.
Relief Pictures Invented and May
Revolutionize the Whole Art of
CA3IERA IN SCULPTURE
DOES WORK OF" CHISEL
\TEALTHY NEW YORKER 3IAY
LIVE PERMANENTLY ABROAD
WIDOW OF FORMER WELTj
KNOWN CAPITALIST DEAD
(120th Meridian— Pacific Ttra*,)
SAN Nov. IS— 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures ar« reported for the previous day
from Kastern cities:
Cincinnati 42-2B, Philadelphia. 4«-33
Boston «-32 Washington 4»-»
JacksonTllle 70-W New Tork 42-»2
St. Louis «-30 Plttabur* ••••••••£-?*
Chicago 44-2S Honolulu. H. I... 78-08
New Orleans 38-48
SAN FRANCISCO 0-M
The following are the seasonal rainfall* t»
date. a» compared with thos. of ¦»»• *"•
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
La«t This Last
Stations- 24 hour*. •*««?• •••fj:
Eureka Tr. 5.71 T-81
ReJ Bluff 0O ».13 2.M
Sacramento 00 Bg 0 g™
ISndcnce-::::::::: .«> o.« o.«
Ban Luis Obispo 00 4.69 O.«
Lcs Angeles «> »•" J>~
San Diego 00 °- 18 0OT
THE COAST RECORD.
53 K K O 5? 3
I 3|i|5I f ? %
rrATiONS. | Si Sl|S | a I
: c c : : §
: 3 3 -
Baker SO. 18 CO 32 BW Cloudy .00
Carson 30. IB 34 4H NB Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.00 72 60 8 Cloudy TT.
Fr-sno 30.06 72 8O E Cloudy .00
S.E. Farallon.30.0S ffi «O 3 Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.2S 52 2S SB Clear .00
Pocatsllo 30.24 M 24 3 CI«ar .0r>
Independence .30.13 M 40 SB Cloudy .00
Los Angers.. 30.08 It B4 .W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tami»lpaisi..10.0S 81 M 9 Cloudy .<X>
North Head... 2». S3 « M 8E Rain .01
Phcenlx 30. 1O 74 38 SE Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..3O.Ol 65 SO SE Cloudy -0O
Portland 29.96 8S 48 SE Cloudy Tr.
Red Bluff 30.08 68 49 SE Cloudy .00
Roseburg 29.89 64 42 E Cloudy .CO
Sacramento ..30.08 fcS 42 NW Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 30.2B 52 30 NW Clear .CO
San Francisco. 30. 10 70 M S Pt.Cldy .00
San L. Obl»po.30. 1O , 76 44 S Clear .00
Sar Diego 30.06 74 HO NW Cloudy .00
S»attl« 2».M 5"» 3fl SE Cloudy .00
Spokana 3O.1O CO 30 E Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 20. 73 «4 3« S Rain .IS
Walla Walla.. »». 10 50 32 S Clear .PO
Wlnnemucca ..".0.1S (8 22 Jf Cloudy .00
Tuma 20.03 66 44 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevail* ower th« Padfle
slope and liirht Phowers have fallen along th«
coast from Eureka northward. High south and
southeast wlnN are reported from tho Oregon
and Washington coasts
The preaaure has risen along the coast and
fallen over the plateau region.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 13:
Northern California — Shcwers In north por
tion, cloudy In south portion Sunday; fresh
southwest wind.
Southern Calif orala— Fair Sunday; light west
wind.
Nevada— Showers in north portion, fair in
south portion Sunday..
San Franciwo an.1 vicinity — Cloudy Sunday,
probably ahowers: fresh southwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Sunday; light
went wind. *
Sacramento and vicinity — Shower* Sunday.
Fresno and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday.
G. H..WILL9ON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily In Chart*,
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA. Nov. 12.— Wheat unchanged; bftw
•tern. 00c: cluh. 86c.
PORTLAND. Not. 12. — Wheat tor export:
¦Walla Walla. 83c; blue stem. 95c; vaJUy. 86
©87c.
For East— Walla Walla. 85c; blue stem, S7c.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore Jr. have
returned from abroad, where they wan
dered at their own sweet will over Eng
land, Ireland and Scotland in an auto
car. They are both enthusiasts and
have brought back with them a fine
machine built to order by a prominent
Eastern manufacturer.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 12.— Isle City Conn
cil No. 51 of the Younar Ladies* Insti
tute held an Initiation and "at home**
in its quarters in Lafayette Hall Mon
day night. Four candidates were ad
mitted to the organization, making the
number of members forty. After the
council work was concluded several
hours were pleasantly passed In playing
whist and exchanging stories.
William C. Coughlln. formerly of this
city and now an attache of the pay
master's department at the United
States Naval Academy at Annapolis,
will on next Wednesday marry Miss
Helen Johnson Quinlan. daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Edmund Quinlan of that city.
The wedding will be celebrated In St.
Mary's Church, Annapolis, and after a
honeymoon trip, to be spent In the
Southern States, the pair will make
their home In Maryland. Mr. Coughlin
Joined the naval service at the outset of
the Spanish-American war and served
for four years on the Asiatic and Euro
pean stations. He has been stationed
at the naval academy for two years.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.'— After the ball
game to-day— how our blue and gold
feathers are fallen !— merry dinner par
ties gathered In various homes, and
wherever the cardinal floated there
pandemdnium reigned. Miss Clarissa
Eby entertained a party of Stanford
friends at her home on Vernon Heights,
assisted by her sister, Mrs. David
Brown, and such a. Jubilant, happy
crowd It was.
Mr. and Mrs. George Steele Lackey
also entertained at dinner this evening,
the whole party going first to the game
and then to the cozy little Telegraph
avenue residence. Covers were laid for
Mrs. Melville Dozler, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Dunsmoor, Miss Elizabeth
Scupham, Stewart Middlemas and Mr.
and Mrs. Lackey. - , •.;•' '
Probably the most brilliant affair on
the cards for next week is the Cllft re
ception. The hospitable old home on
San Pablo avenue has been the scene
of many a pleasant affair, as is always
the case where there is a house full
of charming daughters. Miss Jean Clif t
Is the only unmarried daughter at home
now, and she will assist her mother,
Mrs. William Cllft, next Thursday in
receiving the 300 or more guests who
have been invited to the reception. Mrs.
Cliffs receiving- party will also include
Mrs. Frederick Charles Cllft. Mrs. Lee
Cole Burnbam, Mrs. Mailler Searles,
Mrs. Irving Lundborg, Mrs. E. G.
Lukens, Mrs. Thomas Crellin, Mrs. Paul
Lohse, Mrs. Reml Chabot, Mrs. William
Barbour, Mrs. John R. Burnham, Mrs.
Martin Kales, Mrs. Edwin Taylor, Mrs.
.Gordon Stolp, Mrs. Charles Walkley,
Mrs. Wllhelm Bucholz, Mrs. William
Meek, Mrs. Newton Koser, Mrs. Carl
Oakman, Mrs. Francis Musser, Mrs. Al
bert Sutton, Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld, Miss
May Foulkes, Miss Elizabeth Liver
more, Miss Edith Gasklll, Miss Carrie
Nicholson, Miss Mona Crellin/ Miss Lu
cretla -Burnham, Miss Claire Chabot,
Miss Edith Beck. Miss Ruth Kales,
Miss Rose Kales, Miss Ann McElrath,
Miss Clarisse Lohse. Miss Crlssle Taft,
Mis Gertrude Allen, Miss Jane Crellin
and Miss Ethel Crellin.
When Miss Ethel Valentine leaves on
the 20th for her new home in German
town, a suburb of Philadelphia, she will
carry with her the good wishes of
scores of warm friends and happy
memories of her last days in California.
The members of her set have vied with
each other In endeavors to make the
remainder of her stay in Oakland mem
orable, among those who have enter
tained In her honor being Miss Gertrude
Allen, Miss Elsie Marwedel and Mrs.
John J. Valentine Jr.
In the pretty little home on Eighth
street that Frank Barnett has fitted up
In a most artistic manner his marriage
with Miss Minnie Thompson will take
place next Thursday evening. Mr. Bar
nett is official stenographer for the
District Attorney and has made many
friends since occupying that position.
A large reception will follow the simple
marriage ceremony, at which Dr. F. X-
Morrison will officiate.
'Last night was ladies'- night at the
Piedmont Club house, where members
of the Ruskin Club were hosts. Austin
Lewis and A. A. Denison presided at
the round-table and the topic for open
discussion was "The Strength and
Weakness of .Socialism." Miss Jessica
Peixotto. Ph. D., of the University of
California was one of the speakers.
Fifty or sixty guests were present.
Miss Winifred Burdge Is visiting her
sister, Mrs. Bernard P. Miller, and will
remain In Oakland until after the holi
days.
« • .,•¦•-'
Mrs. Fred Stolp is entertaining Miss
Hollingsworth of Woodland.
Mrs. A. L. White and Miss Florence
White have returned from an interest-
Ing Eastern tour.
H. C. Sagehorn is home again after
a pleasant three weeks' sojourn in Chi
cago and St. Louis. ,
Miss Grave Sanborn is expected home
from Colorado very shortly.
The Carlton Cranes have closed their
Oakland , home and are sojourning at
the California Hotel for the winter.-
Miss Mabel Thayer Gray, Ebell's
former young president, and her sister.
Miss Elizabeth Gray, have taken apart
ments with their parents at the St.
Cecil for a part of the winter.
As soon as Mrs. Laurie Adams and
her Infant son are able to venture out
they are coming to Oakland to remain
for some weeks with Mrs. Adams'
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Curtlss.
The Adams son and heir has simply
been . overwhelmed with gifts since his
recent arrival.
Mrs. Arthur Crellin has gone to New
Zealand and . from there will continue
her trip around the world.
At a recent meeting of the National
Genealogical Society, held in this city,
the constitution of the organization wan
amended so as to admit to membership
all persons Interested In the subject for
which the society was organized. The
society has been In existence about one
year, and has thus far, it is claimed,
been most successful. Its object has
been to collect and preserve genealogi
cal and historical data and to assist
its members in pursuing genealogical
investigation.
The local branch of the society has
more than fifty members and Is in good
working order. There are numerous
honorary members throughout the
world, all of whom are pledged to fur
ther the Interests of the society as
much as possible. Among the better
known of the honorary members out
side of the United States are the king
at-arms of England, Ulster and of
Scotland; A. M. Mclntosh, author, Scot
land; Captain Douglas Wlmberley of
Inverness, author; and a late captain
of the Seventy-ninth Cameron High
landers, who was at the siege of Luck
now with Colin Campbell; John Bul
loch, editor; J. M. Balloch, A. M., au
thor; Captain Alexander Balllle of the
ancient family of Bailie of Dochfour;
I. Dunain. Monsieur Meschinet de Kich
emonde of France.
The purpose of the society Is to labor
unceasingly in an effort to secure the
passage of an act of Congress whereby
the revolutionary. pension and land re
cords and all other valuable patriotic
and historic data shall be printed.
Meanwhile It will endeavor to print all
of such data which the society or Its
members may collect or to which ac
cess can be secured, provided the fin
ances of the organization permit. It is
also Intended to collect from its mem
bers and arrange in one Immense card
index all the Intermarriages of which
they secure information, or which they
may be able to furnish from manu
scripts and town records, and to pro
vide means whereby transcripts from
this index may be periodically sent to
members or searches therein can be
made, queries answered and reports
furnished to its members or to others
who may Inquire, this idea being
known as the clearing- house proposi
tion. It is further proposed to collect
and publish reliable data on the sub
ject of heraldry, and to provide a sys
tem by which coats-of-arms submitted
may be compared with the copies from
which they are made, and their accu
racy certified under the seal of the
society.
To unearth and expose the swindles
so frequently perpetrated upon unsus
pecting persons In this country, by
those who claim to have discovered
property, titles, etc., which are due by
right of Imaginary descent, is another
object of the society, and to assist the
members in their genealogical labors
along any practical lines which may be
suggested and approved. One of tho
objects of the organization Is to col
lect and publish in its official leaflets
historic, patriotic and genealogical In
formation and data which is not other
wise generally available, and to thus
make the leaflets valuable even to non
members and to accumulate for the
benefit of its local members, those who
may visit Washington, or others who
may inquire, a mass of Information by
way of printed and manuscript records
and data, as well as by the establish
ment and maintenance of a standard
catalogue index of those who au or
have been working on any genealogy
or who have information which would
be of assistance to others so engaged;
finally It Is desired to amplify the use
fulness along these lines Indicated, as
well as to enter other fields, where sug
gestion and consideration lead the-pro
per authorities to believe the scope of
the organization could be widened with
out additional expense to Its members,
but yet to their advantage. To these
ends, and especially as last outlined,
members are requested to furnish all
reasonable suggestions which would
redound to the credit of the society and
to accompany them with details as to
the manner In which their several prop
ositions should be carried out. From
time to time the decisions and rulings
of the various committees will be pub
lished in these leaflets, and marked
copies sent to correspondents should
be considered as respectful answers to
questions.
Olivetti Moraga Anselml obtained a
divorce to-day from W. J. Anselmi be
cause he threw a cup of hot tea in
her face and made engagements over
the phone in the presence of his wife
to meet women, while on the other
hand he was Insanely Jealous of her.
He posed, as a Lothario and told her
all he ' had .to do was to snau . his
finger and a woman was his.
Mrs. Anselmi will resume her maid
en name of Morasra. She is a descend
ant of the old Spanish family' after
which Moraga- Valley is named, and
at one time owned thousands
of fertile acres In this county.
Mrs. Emma Butler of 519 Twentieth
street testified to-day at the hearing
of her divorce suit against Piers P.
Butler that he had put a cocked and
loaded revolver at her head .and
threatened to shoot her if she stirred.
"What did you do?" asked the
Judge.
"Told him to shoot and end my
misery," was the wife's reply.
.Mrs. "Butler added that he had
often frightened her nearly to death
by flourishing his pistol and putting
his razor' blade to her neck. She said
that in his fits of temper he would
tear his shirt with his teeth. Nearly
every week he would throw all the
furniture out of the window until they
bought only the cheapest and little of
that. Her husband insulted her
Xriends till' they left her. Upon the
showing made the court granted a di
vorce forthwith.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 12.
With three revolvers staring him In
the face and threatened with Instant
death If he made any resistance, W. W.
Clark, a watchman on the schooner Le-,
titia. was held ud this evening at 6:30
o'clock by three masked highwaymen
and was forced to hand over his
month's wages, *20. After searching
their victim to make sure that he had
nothing else of value on his person, the
footpads, swearing to make a corpse
of Clark If he made an outcry before
they were 'out of sight, fled into the
gathering darkness and made pood
their escape. .
The holdup took place between Hay
& Wright's shipyard and the Webster
street bridge, on a lonely stretch or
track across the Alameda marsh. .
As socn as the robbers were out of
sight Clark hastened to Oakland and
notified the police, but as the holdup
occurred outside the city limits the~
Oakland authorities notified the Ala
meda police. Chief Conrad at once
sent several officers to the scene, but
the highwaymen had had ample time
to escape. No trace of them was found.
One of the thieves was about six feet
tall, very thin, and was dressed in a
dark suit of clothes and a slouch hat.
His companions were dressed In a simi
lar manner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 12.
"Campbell came to the house about
7:80 o'clock. My daughter and he
eat down and talked in one part of
th© room where my wife and I were
sitting. I should Judge he had been
drinking some, but you could not no
tice It on him. They were talking
In a statement made by the wound
ed women she said: "I followed Lem
out Into the hall to see him to the
door as he was going to leave. He
pulled the pistol out of his pocket and
eaid. This is what you will get.' I
eaid. 'You know you wouldn't hurt a
hair of my head.' and he answered,
'No. little woman. I would not." Then
my mother got very frightened and
I told him to hurry up and go and
he shot me. I turned and ran and
he shot again."
Edwin Cutler, the father of Mrs.
Campbell and an employe of the
hardware firm of Montague & Co. in
Ean Francisco, g^ive the following ver
eion of the affair:
OAKLAND. Nov. li— Enraged be
cause his former wife, Laura Cutler
Campbell, whom he had driven by
cruelty to divorce him, refused to re
turn and live with him again, Lem
Campbell, a butcher, shot and seri
ously wounded her to-night at the
home of her father, 1362 Eleventh
street. In the confusion following the
shooting Campbell made his escape
and the police are looking for him.
Mrs. Campbell was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where she was at
tended by Drs. Stratton. Emerson and
Adams.
Mrs. Campbell is a petite blonde
and pretty with fluffy hair. She Is
only 22 years of age, but has been
married twice and twice divorced.
Her first husband was John Graham,
an engineer in the Fire Department.
She married him when she was but
17 years of age. Hardly a year had
passed before she was forced to get
a divorce on the ground of neglect.
Then she married Campbell, and his
Intemperance and cruelty forced her
to leave him. She was granted an
Interlocutory divorce from him nearly
a year ago and in a few days a final
decree can be entered.
While her wound is not necessarily
fatal it is of a serious character and
may lead to complications that may
cause her death. The bullet entered
the left side and lodged Just under
the skin at the back. It Is believed
to have entered the abdominal cav
ity and gone through the spleen.
Sunday, 1:30 a. m.— Campbell was
captured this morning by Policeman
Ahern after a desperate struggle, which
resulted in sending the prisoner first
to the Receiving Hospital and later
to jaii. . - ; :
over some of their old troubles and
finally he pulled a pistol out of his
pocket and flourished 1C Then I went
over to him and told him to leave the
place. He put the pistol Into his
pocket and went into the hall and al
most Immediately we heard two shots.
My wife was so badly frightened that
she pulled me out of the front door
and down the steps out into the street
and I don't know where Campbell
went to." '..-.-•.;
Life Made Miserable by a
Man Who Throws the Fur
niture Out of the Window
Congress Will Be Requested
to Print and Distribute
Pension and Land Records
Oakland Police Notify the
Authorities of Alameda,
but Highwaymen Escape
Weather Report.
THREATEN THE VICTIM
SHE GETS A DIVORCE
MAKES GOOD CLAIMS
Oakland Butclier.Whose Inhuman
ity Drove Her From Him;
Wounds Former Spouse.
Hold Up Watchman Clark
at Lonely Spot on Marsh
and Eob Him of Salary
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
Wife Tells Him to Fire
When He Threatens Her
With a Loaded Kevolver
National Society Increases
Facilities for Membership
and Widens Scope of Work
THREE MASKED
MEN GET COIN
SHOOTS DIVORCED
WIFE WHO REFUSES
TO LIVE WITH HIM
FOR THE STUDY
OF GENEALOGY
FOOTBALL GAMES
FORGOTTEN FOR
HOME DINNERS
ASKS HUSBAND
TO SHOOT HER
THE, SAN-FRANCISGO::^!^,^ SUNDAY,;^NOVEMBER 13,. 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
40
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Grip and
.While Dr. Humphreys' "Seventy-
seven" Is a Epeclflc cure for Grip and
serious Colds that "hang on,"
Its widest sphere of use is to "break
up" a common, every-day Cold, begin-
ning with the sniffles and ending on the
chest. ,
"77" cures by restoring the checked
circulation of the blood to all the vital
organs, that they may perform their
functions naturally, without unneces-
eary effort.
At Drunrl»ts. 25 cents, or mailed.
Humphrey*' Medicine Co.. Cor. William and
John Streets. New Tork.
jlllvEYery Woman
/?") N v?r\i : iv \\\ fi !• laterested aud should know
/wiBCSiVv^iVia ' ' about tt»wonderfol
iSSl^SSlifl MARVEL Whirling Spray
twi^^SSVJa 111 * ww T "» ta * 1 *t**T- tyre.
"»^H??^<iSLSS^ ttoti m.4 Aurtinti. Urtt— 8»f.
VI\-.\'n~S»>. fii-.Mfii CoiiTenlMiu
Aak y«Br dratfWt tor It. -Si;.,' JK, 1*^7-"***^
It ht ••unr.ot iunply the \>. IA&
J1A1UK1,, ac«-ei« uo ¦'•¦¦ZiZ>h>~-
olhrt. Inn K-nd sump for ' " «V»iL- #^v>-2-\>
lUo»tr«t«l lwok-««*^. Itflres \>- / '*'/{
full p»rtleul»r§ and dir«*)on«l»-- 6E'/ • IB
ralnnWe to 1ju1»c». MABtTl co -*Hj/'';i;,w,W
< 1 rsrk Utw, Sew Vorib /tikitiijJS^
ISS New Montgomery, fcan Fraacleco. CaL
William Uatteroth (Ladles' . Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Sutter an<M0Q Stockton.
O«coo<i Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
S&ldwla Phana&cr 119 Ellis
Nin€ Nations
Now Use Liquozone. Won't You Try It— Free?
Millions of people, of nine different blood food — the most helpful thing in D«n<Srnff— r>rop«T stomach rronbiaa
nations, arc constant users of Liquo- the world to you. Its effects are exhil- ESfST-Eryiipei*. TS£r£uuS£ We *
zone -Some are using it to get well; arating. vitalizing, purifying. Yet it is Fevers— Gail stones Tumors— uic«r»
some to keep well. Some to cure a germicide so certain that we publish SSS?Ae£cie« wS^'ciseiw.
germ diseases; some as a tonic. No on every bottle an offer of $iooo for a AU dItw ,, that with f,T,r-*n t».
medicine was ever so widely em- disease germ that it cannot kill. jThe fiamm*tion — ail catarrh— ail contagious <u«-.
ployed. These users are everywhere; reason is that germs are vegetables; "toST* 11 "** r ** ulu ot tm^ aT * °* poisoned
your; neighbors^and friends are among and Liquozorie — like excess of oxygen in nervous debility Uqnozon* acts »» a'»u
them. Andhalf the people you meet — — is deadly to vegetal matter. taiixer. accomplishing what no dross caa do.
wherever you are— know some one There lies the great value of Liquo- KA r Rrkt-H** !?»«**>
whom Liquozone has cured. zone. It is the only way known to t9\J^ UUU1C rrCC
If you need help, please ask some kill germs in the body without killing Tf vm , n^ A T :„„„_„_,. A .
of these- users, what Liquozone does: the tissue, too. Any drug that kills biS^SJd *t Sf^di^
Don't blindly take medicine for what germs is a po.son and it cannot b- coJnoii We will tl,^ ™ ? l
medicine "cannot do. Drugs never kill taken internally. Every physician der °n a local Sn^Ts^ f^ U "f °n"
Kcrms. For your own sake, ask about knows that medicine is almost help- JS w /3l «, ?!, */"
Liquozone; then let us buy you a full, less in any germ disease. «g S«dV^^^^
size^bottle.to try. GePITl Diseases. Eift * m u adc T to convince you; to show
We Paid 8100,000 yOU , what T L .»nuozone is. and what it
T . . ;T. ' These are the known germ diseases. can do.. In justice to yourself, please,
For the American rights to Liquo- All that niedicinc can do for these 1 lfc to-day, for it places you an-
zone. We did. this after testing the troublcsTs to help -Nature overcome dc J. no obligation whatever,
product for two years, through physi- ( the germs, and such results are indi- L'quozone costs 50c and $1.
cians and hospitals, after proving, in rect and uncertain. Liquozone attacks I rtrr /mit i-mo . * I
thousands of difficult cases, that . the germs, wherever they are. -And for tw, oiSr «, T.™ 5 C WPON
Liquozcne destroys the cause of any . w hen the germs which .cause a dis- -out the blanks and mai?¥t*to*?£ n Li<,™j
germ t disease. (ease are destroyed • the disease- must O*t»«M^43s-4w w»b«»h a»«.. chteaso.
'V : Liquozone has, for more than; 20 end, and forever. That is inevitable. My dis«asT^r»T>^^,.
years, been the constant subject of Asthma liar' Fever— influent «, have ? ever t^^uiorone* "but* if you
scientific and chemical research. . It AbS-Anaemia KUt,.y Dis7a£ Uenx * ££ ~w | f m * » «*• **t»« "" I *ui
is not made; by ••compounding drugs, «£««&,„„¦, &££& ....../
nor with alcohol: Its virtues are de- Bright'* dii»i« i.u-cr Troubles » * .*".*
rived Solely- from gas— largely OXy- Bowel Troubles Malaria— Neuralgia
gen-gasf-by a process. requiring im- S^oT f&Z-VS&SS?- . : ' ********
mense apparatus and 14, days time, j cone-croup . ruunsy-Quinajr f| 4 bWVViVadd'rVsVl'^ri'tVVraVniT"*
The result is : a : liquid that does what I £:??'»*,. SlSffii'S „„, — ! ; '
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Human hair
and how
to grow it
. The hair of the head has
always been a- source of
pride to both men. and
women throughout all' the
word's history and its loss
or deterioration is a source
of keen mortification"
and regret.
From time to time
various so-called remedies '
for falling hair and the
various diseases of the
scalp have been foisted upon
the public, and the failure ,
of these to do any perma-
nent good has only added .
disappointment to discour- -¦
agement. ' . • . , .
One remedy, however—
Coke Dandruff Cure-^-'
has proved itself capable
df doing everything .
claimed for it and of, being
worthy of the confidence of-
a much-abused public.
.It will remove dandruff,
.it will cure diseases, of the .
"scalp, it will put new-^ife'
into the old follicles, and, v
consequently will actually
grow hair on a bald head.
"An incredulous smile,
may. pass over the, face
of the reader at the last
paragraph, but. thousands .
of testimonials on file in?/
-our officej prove it ; beyond' .'
the shadow. of a. doubt,. and .' :
your druggist, no matter
where he may be,- will Jell
you the same story.'
Coke Dandruff
Cure
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 7T.
AliAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.WANT COW LIMITS EXTENDED.— The
Unlverrtty Mound end Kay View Improvement
Club oetltloned the guoervlsora yesterday to
make the present boundary lines of the city
the limits within which It will be unlawful to
kwp swine. The T. B. Totter Realty Com
pany asks that the limit* be made to include
th» Roia TV««*. •
There was a fire of a grewsome kind
at 237 Eighth street yesterday. Candles
burning near the coffin -of Mrs.
Thomas Steele ignited a curtain and in
an instant the room was ablaze.
Mr. Steele and a number. of friends
who were present were driven panic
stricken from the place. An alarm
was quickly turned in and the Fire
Department responded. The blaze
burned many articles of- furniture in
the room, but did -not touch the coffln.
Witji the assistance of Policeman
Riordan the body was taken from the
burning building by the firemen. The
Ices to the building was small. -
Drath Watch by the Bier of 3Irs.
Thomas Steele Is Interrupted
by Blaze.
FLAMES BREAK OUT NEAR
COFFIN OF DEAD WOMAN
WANTED FOR ROBBERY. — Edward No
blet, a miner, was arrested on Kearny »treet
yesterday afternoon by Detective Bunner and
locked up In the 'City PrUon. He l» wanted
by Constable John CoagTave of Anjrels Camp on
a charge of robbery. • He had made arrange
ments to leave for Stockton thla morning.
When the grocers went back with the
boys the man had disappeared. He
was about 50 years of age, heavy set
and had a dark brown mustache.
Cliarlton Notifies Promotion Commit
tee of Action Taken by Railway
Men at St. Louis.
The California Promotion Commit
tee has received from James Charlton,
chairman of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association, the following
regarding rates to the Xational But
ter-Makers' convention to be held In
San Francisco next year:
"The question of rates and arrange
ments for the National Butter-Mak
ers' convention was considered at the
meeting at St. Louis . October 25-27.
and it was decided by the Individual
railways to authorize a rate of one
lowest first-class limited fare from
Chicago, St. Louis, Memphis and New
Orleans and territory west thereof to
San Francisco for your meeting. The
rate to San Francisco one ' way
through Portland over the Shasta
j Route or by the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation steamer or to Los Angeles
I over the Shasta Route or by Oregon
Railroad and Navigation steamer from
Portland to San Francisco and by rail
from San Francisco to Los Angeles,
or vice versa, to be $12 50 higher than
by direct lines. Tickets between San
j Francisco and Portland to be honored
only as they .read, not optionally, The
question of dates of sale, limits and
other conditions was referred to a
committee for report to me for pro
mulgation."
The Transcontinental Passenger As-
I soclation is also making arrangements
j for the tour of a special train of the
National Editorial Association, which,
after a convention in Guthrie, Okla
homa, next year, will visit Portland,
Or., via California. The National Ed
itorial Association wijl spend a few
days in San Francisco and other Cal
ifornia cities.
BUTTER-MAKERS GET RATES
FOR CONTENTION'. OF 1905
The police are searching for a man
who tried to pass a fictitious check
lest Thursday morning on Golder
Bros., grocers, 1416 Howard street.
The check was for $10 on the Wells-
Fargo Bank and purported to bear the
sJgmature of B. H. Simmons. It was
made payable to Mrs. A. Ottinger,
1301 Page street. The man sent two
small boys to the store with the check
and a note purporting to be written
by Mrs. Ottinger asking the grocers to
cash the check and she would call
later and settle with them. The boys
were to bring the money to the man.
The grocers became suspicious and
telephoned to Mrs. Ottinger, who said
she knew nothing about the check.
Tries to Pass Clieck.
It has been held hitherto by the
Chinese Bureau that a merchant who
performs manual labor ceases to be a
merchant, no matter how large may
b«- his financial interest In the busi
ness, and- must be considered a la
borer. \
On- Yung, who was admitted to this
country recently as a merchant, was
arrested yesterday on a charge of be
ing unlawfully in the United States.
He claimed an interest of $1000 in a
shrimp establishment, but was found
working 1 as a laborer therein. [ Aa
Ow Yung's status Is precisely similar
to that of several thousand Chinese in
this State the Chinese Six Companies
have retained the law firm of Camp
bell, Metson & Campbell to defend the
prisoner before United States Commis
sioner Heacock to-morrow.
Prominent Law Finn Retained by
Chinese Six Companies to Arwue
Thnt Question Affirmatively.
MAY A MERCHANT DO
WORK OF A COOLIE?
The effort of Miles T. Balrd and his
wife, Ruth Jackson Baird, to set aside
the ten years' trust created by him
with the Union Trust Company, where
by his forty valuable shares in the
Baird estate were effectually tied up,
is meeting with a determined opposi
tion from his mother, Veronica C.
Baird. In the suit to declare the trust
void, begun last December, Mrs. Baird
was named as one of the defendants
with the trust company.
Baird in his complaint said that the
agreement for the trust was made on
May 9, 1903, but on April 28 preceding he
had contracted to transfer twenty
shares to his wife. In November fol
lowing he boirowed $25,000 from his
mother with which to pay his debts,
and conveyed the stock to her as se r
curity. The agreement with his. wife
was for his payment to her of $200 a
month for family- support.
Yesterday Mrs. Balrd and the trust
company filed an answer and cross
complaint asking that it be decreed that
the trust is valid for its full term of ten
years: that the Union Trust Company
be entitled to the full possession ,of the
stock for that time, and that the divi
dends be applied to the payment of the
interest on and principal of the debt to
the mother.
The answer states that the defend
ants have' no knowledge of Baird's
agreement with his wife, and therefore
they deny that she is the owner of
twenty of the shares. The trust is des
ignated as a "spendthrift trust," and
the cross-complaint sets • forth with
tome particularity as to why it was
created.. ;\
No girl should marry until ehe is able
to convert a round steak into a square
meal. •
Mentions No Names
Lrut^i Stales Marshal Shine, ac
companied by Secret Service Agent
Haren and Assistant District Attorney
McKiniey. visited Mrs. W. P. Gamble,
¦widow of the deputy marshal who
committed suicide recently, and ques
tioned her regarding letters left by
. him. Mrs. Gamble told them that her
bssbaoA said in one of his letters that
some one had gone back on him. but
did not mention any names. There
was nothing in the letter to Indicate
that the person was a Government
employe.
MOTHER BAIRD
ANSWERS SUIT
Opposes Son's Efforts to In
validate Trust Which He
Created to Save Property
Great interest is manifested by local
bankers, because this is the first time
that San Francisco has ever been
recognized as an international money!
center. Chicago and Philadelphia are
turned down and San Francisco is pre
ferred. This city is one of the best bond
buyers in the United States. The $20,
000,000 of bonds of the United Railroads
were handled here, and of the total
$16,000,000 found San Francisco buyers.
The $6,000,000 of bonds of the San Joa
quin Valley Railroad and the large re
cent issue of bonds of the San Fran*
Cisco Gas and Electric Company were
sold at home. Many other large bond
issues have been taken up in San Fran
cisco, and the reputation of the city
has been fixed by such transactions.
I. "W. Hellman Jr. says that the impe
rial Japanese Government loan is in
two series. It will be due October 6.
1911. Abroad it will be in charge of the
Paris Bank, Limited^ the Hongkong
and Shanghai Banking Corporation and
the Yokohama Specie Bank. The rate
of interest will be 6 per cent sterling.
The loan will be placed at SS per cent of
the rar value, and the interest will be
paid semi-annually in gold in New
York and London. At the sale rate of
88 per cent of the par value the interest
will amount to 8 per cent per annum.
Back of the bonds, in addition to the
credit of Japan, will be a charge upon
the customs revenues. The subscrip
tion may remain open one week, but
may be closed at any time without no
tice.
The Japanese Government retains the
right to call in the loan at par after two
years on six months' notice. If the
Japanese Government should end the
war in two years and elect to stop pay
ing interest during the full term for
which the bonds may run the interest
rate, so Mr. Hellman figures out, will
amount to 12 per cent. The bonds are
in denominations of $500 and $1000.
The Japanese war loan of $60,000,000
will be offered to subscribers at 10
o'clock to-morrow in San Francisco,
New York and London. In this city the
securities will be offered through the
Nevada National Bank. Kuhn, Loeb &
Co., the National Gity Bank of New
York and the National Bank of Com
merce of New York will handle the loan
In the East. One-half of the loan .will
be in the United States and one-half in
London.
Imperial Government Moves,
to Secure §60,000,000 on
Credit and Its Kevenues
JAPANESE SEEK COIN
Recognition of the Coast
as International Money
Center Interests Banks
TO PLACE WAR
LOAN IN CITY
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
41
A31CSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
ONE WEEK ONLY
beginning Matinee To-Dav
Tho International Success .
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE, NOV. 2O
• t\a/o weeks only . .
Tbe Musical Tomicolerr
SHOW-GIRL
- AMUSEMENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
T. J. &SX£IT Juigi
JA8. P. ORACE .BUpper
SATURDAYand SUNDAY
NOVEMBEB 13 A1TD 13, 1904.
America's Greatest Coursing Event.
Tenth Annual Renewal.
John Grace Challenge Cup,
Purse _and Plate. •
$3500— TOTAL PURSE— $3500
" TRAIN SERVICE.
Leav«» Third and Town» en d street* Satur-
day. 11 a. m,: Sunday. 10:15 a. m.. 11 a. m .
12 m. ani 1 p. m.; Twenty-rtfth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning at 4-45 p.
m. and alter the last course.* San Mateo
electric cars every four minutes during the
ADMISSION 85 CENT8.
ALCAZAR B H'lr"
General Manager.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT.
LAUGHTER ALL THE TIME.
PRINCEKARL
TO-MOKROW NIGHT— ONE VeEK.
Clyde Fitch's Powerful Play,
THE CLIMBERS
Ev?«.. 230 to 7uc. Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 25c to 50c
MONDAT. November 21— First Time Here.
THE VILLAGE POSTMASTER!
Played far Five Tears In the East.- -
i Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 333
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME, i
Thrilling Melodrama,
"HER MARRIAGEVOW^'
MONDAT NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest and Best of Military Ptays.
WINCHESTER
8plendid Comedy! Plenty of Excitement!
Marvelous- Ride on Horseback!
PRICES— Evening*. 10c to 50c
. Matinee*.......... ...... 10c. 15c. 25«
Next— "QUEEN OF THE WHITE SLAVES." j
Weekly Call* $1 per Year
r ,^ -"_" _ 1- 1---'----'.-.*-! '- - : j^'-*-l ' . : " " r - -i
I g
*^^"*ijBfci^ lu&j|Li >^f jfl A .^^^J^m. *JwL *^r^^^ \\ \\ till
if High Grade Novelty fiannentsli
S = " T •
! I REDUCED PRICES! I
9 L_^ — 1 •
9 > . •
© An unusually mild season compels us to make substan- O ;
% tial reductions on' our fine garments. A splendid opportunity ®
• to purchase an elegant Suit at a very low price. • j
S Tailor Suits Cravenette Coats S
% $65 Novelty Suits are now AT *
g $50 Reduced Prices 5
§ $45 Novelty Suits are now J
• $35 Fur Capes, Collarettes 5
g $37.50 Novelty Suits are now LcS s Than Regular Prices I
0 *ou — — — •
g $30. Novelty Suits are now FUR JACKETS at lowest %
9 $2250 market prices. .$20 to $85 •
• $27.50 and $25 Novelty Suits J
8 are now $20 SWrtS -•
8 Velvet and Broad Tail Suits $ 5 .oo cheviot skirts, good: %
® AT REDUCED PRICES quality black, navy and 8
8 Novelty Long and & Coats broWn - s P eciaL I ; $4 00 8
8 CI ' M JTZ™ .!«¦' Walking Skirts 8
• 87» $23.80, $39.00, $42,50 . Newest StyIe> pieated| e
S $5.00 to $10.00 saved now -.- ftf) fi - ft s - - 0 S8 <I0 $
© on any of these coats. $5.00, $6-50, $7.50, $8, $10 g
| TOURIST COATS, silk- Sj , k Sk j rts |
8 . ! ..$8id/$Y6"Md' $V2-50 Special $6.50, $8-50 and $10 8
S . 1230, 1232, 1234 MABKET STREET. . S
• ' •¦ •
e99999Q99Q9909*WQ*0*999999e99%99m99499%0m*
| Stylish Tailor Garments I
O • • • • XTL A • • • • ¦ <r
I TEMPTING PRICES I
§ $36.00, $27.50 and $25.00 TAILOR SUITS on sale. .$2000 I
§ Five distinct styles, the most fetching of this season, g
g fascinating designs, pretty trimmings, rich material, modish S
» shades — just. what you are looking for — perfect fitting. The 8
is entire line now at $20.00. S
§ $20.00 SUITS we sell for... $1350 «
§ $18.50 SUITS we sell for. .........:.............. $1250 |
3 *The pretty tourist effect, made very clever ; new mixture S
8 Cor s'tWndarti" cheviot. : You will admire them; the .price- is S
§ astonishingly low. ., . - .: g
g $12.50 JACKET, silk lined, very jaunty, as a flyer at $8-50 "8
1 SKlRTS-all styles, at WHOLESALE PRICES J
:g 4l\ fill f \ i\(V(\Vf|i (VII K0 ?
|" t^^ 1142-1146 Market Street 1
j ADVERTISE>IENT3. '
tASHORA-LIIllE-Ar-A
BEAUTIFUL, ' \^^M\-
ODD PARLOR PIECES \ K ME $
An odd rocker or chair to vp^gMMiiS^^.
to your* parlor may be just |S§^^^ \M^T
what you are thinking ot buy- || *fe**c=|y|g§Ov/
ing. We have some of the
nicest and most artistic goods ,'TOi^^^^^K
in this line ever shown here \B^f j^jg R
3nd we will take special pleas- %W^^^^^^ot
ure in showing them, to you at '
any time you may find it convenient to call. You
need nov hesitate about buying, we will make terms
to suit you andgive you lower prices than, anywhere v
1 in this city. We pay no rent— that's how we doit.
T/f£ OlDESTJUVD MOST AEUABIE SUXMTM* NOME VtVJr'
ADVEKTISEMENTS^
SUUGHTER OF PLAY-
ERS Wia CONTINUE
Enormous Savings on Any Style
.of Hew 'or Used Pisnos,
Cost Guts Ko Figure New— Every-
th:ni Must Be Sold f store Re-
maval — Easy Pajraants— Store
Open Every. Evening Till Sale
Closes.
Will you recure one of these fine new
i-tar.dard pianos or Piano Players (or
both» during: this removal 6ale at a
saving of half the price, and take vir-
tually your own time paying: for same,
or a few we*ks later pay double the
Panamer-EllerB Removal Sale price, and
in the meantime b« deprived of the
•pleasure and enjoyment that the poa-
seseion of an Instrument of this kind
secures?
If savins; of money is an object, then
do not delay.
AH the beautiful brand-new Khnball.
Hazelton. Decker. Lester. Schumann and
a number of slightly used make*.
among them Steinway and Weber and
Fischer and *>very other famed instru-
ment of the Pommer-Eilers retail stock,
are included in this greatest piano sac-
rifice ever known in this city. *
For J218 on payments of as little as
36 a month we will turn you over now
a piano that cannot be sold in the ordi-
nary retail way for iess than $325, or
even 5350.
$146 takes choice of a number of
r^g-ular $275 styles, cnoice of mahog-
any, walnut cr oak cases, all fully war-
ranted: terras $5 ninthly.
Other styles In plainer cases for as
little as $127 and $118.
S2S6 In payments of $& monthly se-
cures th« choicest of $425 and $450
uprights, superb Instruments in both
t-one and ¦construction, all of them the
very latest of ca»« design*.
Numerous genuine rianolas are In-
cluded In V.:'.s sale, as well as several
Angeluses. Cecilians. £2mplexes and
other makes of "Piano Players'," at
prices indicated a.bove.
Even at thes« enormously reduced
prices we agree to. include $30 worth of
music rolls with every instrument sold.
It you buy a plan-> and a player to-
gpther we will giv« a further reduction
cf 10 per cent on the total price of the
two Instruments.
Do r.ot put off coming If you have any
possible use for a piano or a piano
Player. We mean business now, and' no
re&scnoble offer will be refused. Orders
by mail or telegraph or long distance
telephone will receive most careful at-
tention, and we guarantee buyers at a
distance the same thorough satisfaction
that they would recctve toy calling at
the store In p«-r«on.
R'-m^mbrr the address. POXXZB*
rJXXKS MUSIC CO., C53 Market street
< between the Examiner and the Palace
Hotel. 8sli Francisco's busiest, best
and most responsible piano dealers.
rTTerrqce \\
ij A dining plz.ee of refinement
U and comfort,
M Where the best tastes better.
I Sunday Dinner Oi on
Table d'Hot* OliUU
I i 6 to 8 p. m.
r i Hungarian Orchestra,
jj Under BERNAT JAULUS.
tl • * J Direction of
j HAGUE RESTAURANT Co.
M^'-B. WILSON. President,
g 121-127 MASON ST.
|ASTHMANOL.4|
Is tL.e cnJy cure for xrerroos uj
Brosx&lkl ASTHMA.
Tocr Un.gr;* 1 or «t 0U9 HAIGHT ST.,
fe*u Francisco. C&L '
Il A Remarkable Shoe Sale Sll
w\ For One Week • jl|j
lliil 'I T s no r^ason for this sale save that to ' h JJ
ill j 1 bring the volume of business to the mark set 'If '/
W I v/e must offer special inducements. '//
v); ti It is merely the execution of the Riglitway II I
Ij'j "never-stand-still'' policy.
Ill C avC USt pa^ s c * acc s^ ocs an d I2 ° pairs of
VI Oxfords, ia French Kid. to offer. There are all sizes }
|J from 2 to 8, ind all widths from A A to E. The heels j
y are ihe Louis XV design, as you will see by the il- Vi
I lustrations. The tips are patent leather. These y,
I shoes have sold with us regular at $3.50. tf*«^ n.M \i
M The price until next Saturday night will be tfru.DJ /^5s*Jft
jj|I The ' tiijfitway" is progress. ng sp.efltjiu.y. To our Jffi&&a
l3 cngir.at twenty-fire partners we hare added three dz^ *?5vE!
if, ir.ore. That looks hke progress, dosan't Hi '¦ £X^^Hv\ A^
TO-NIGHT
And Up To and Including;
WEST SUASAY
Henry W. Savage oXera Georgo Ada'a QtuJCal
Comedy Drama.
Ih£ COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
(Not a Musical Ccmedy.)
MONDAT. NOV. 21.
Charles B. DllUngham. Present*
MAXINE
ELLIOTT
la the CIyd« Fitch Comedy
HER OWN WAY i
Seats on Sale Tharsday. -
.0P[RA|lf|lll!O0SE
THIRD W££K
Or th» Great Musical Comedy Trlumpa
Beirlas Monday. November 1*.
j MessTmceR
Superb H-P«R^/ Great
Scenic BQ« B « Tivoll
Sensation "-^ ¦ Cast
Pra.'actloi.flixleyindl l|u|> I if } I j
Laier if.-tit ::n:a o;sr» J\ I II U UUUU
Spe:i»l ThiBkijiTiag M»t KS33SnO2S BOT
Usual Tlvoll Prices. 20c. 30c. 73c.
. Seats always selling. Rig. mat. Saturday.
3PECHL-BC5D T AlTERWnoS. »0V. 20tIl
anss. TAxrsrxE pbaitcxsca,
in DoaUttti • I 1 I / ' I \
6rt»t Cf«n L.UWIH
Prices— 25c. 60c. 75c, $1.
H. W. BISHOP. Lesseo and Manager.
TO-NIGHT J™, TO-NIGHT
An American Citizen
STARTING TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Oliver Morosco Orfers
HOWARD GOULD and J. H. GtLMOtni
And the Majestic Theater Co. in
HEARTS AFLAME
A society drama of Intense emotional Interest,
/—CALIFORNIA— v
VATXOTBS TO-DAT.
W. E. GORMAN' 3 Production of th»
Furiously Fanny Fares.
"A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY' 1
THE BIG HIT of Last Season.
Wltb an Exceptional Cast of well
known Favorites: William Friend. Har-
rr Crandall. Eugene Reddlni;. William
Woodside. Thais Magrana. Helen Trav-
ers. Vloletta Vllllars. Luciila Vllllers.
Next Sunday Night — Positively th«
Original N«w Torlc Casino Production.
ARTHUR DUNN In th» Snabcrt and
Nlzon Sc Zlnusarman S7S.l«X> Musical
Extrivaxinia, THE RUNAWAT3.
First Tcur of th» Famous CASINO
SHOW GIRLS. Over 73 Players.
Mansfeldt-Kapta
CHAMBER MUSIC CONCERTS
THIS AFTERNOON. AT S O'CLOCK.
LYRJC HALL, 121 Eddy St.
TICKETS '. S\ 0O
STUDENTS' TICKETS BOa
STEINWAY HALL
PIANO RECITAL
Given By
MILTON JACOB!
"- ;¦•+. Pnpil of HUGO JtANSTELDT.
Taesday, Vortmbe IS, 8:15 p. m.
Reserved Seats On* Dollar
General Admlsaton Fifty Cents
Grand Prize Carnival Ball!
EAN FRANCISCO AERD3 Now &
EAGLES
BATURDAT EVENING. NOVEMBER 19. 1304
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Prizes will be awarded for most erigtaal
and best sustained character aad h&ndsociest
ecstmnea. ¦ - .
raiace iee beatttiM
j COURT Lounging
afiQ room, the EMP1RB
auu parlor. th»
r-«^^ PALM ROOM, tfca
tiniflU LOUIS XV PAR^
U1U1IU LOR. and the LA-
n . i DIBSV WRITLNQ
notels -room;...
; ' . ¦ ¦
DDTTCTIT7C *^ R barkers, ba*
DK LJ Oil EiU *«*»• bootblacks, tata-
UllUUllliU houses. bUliard- tablea.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, csaaara.
dyers. Cour mills, foandrte*.- laundries, paper-
1 haBs-crs. printers, painters, sbo« factori«a,
•tablamca. tar-roofew. tannar*. taTora. .to.
! BUCKAJTAXr BEOS,
I JUask ar*aulactur«ri, 609 S*cz*mtato St.
; Week CoraraeAcfag :
THIS AFTERNOON, Nov. 13.
A BIG
|i BANNER BILL
: Mr. and Mrs. Mark Murphy
] In Their Latest Comedy. ! Entitled ;
; "WHY DOOOAN SWORE OFT." /
i ;! Carlisle's Dogs & Ponies ||
| '; ' Marvels of Animal Intelligence. •',
||: THREE RAM0N1ERS :
{ i European Acrobatic Phenomenon*.
j! AUGUSTA GLOSE f
¦ In Her Original Musical Monologue.
I! 12 NAVAJO GIRLS ;!
i Including THE TWO ROSES.
|i GA'NFIELO &, GARLETON i
! In Their Original Absurdity, "THE
! HOODOO." !
WEE JEANIE FLETCHER
, ! Frae Glasgie. The Scottish Nlghtln- !
! ; ' «ale. ' " I
' Last Week and Laughing Hit of the
. City. !
! JOHN T. KELLY & CO.
; In His Original One-Act Comedy,
i ,' : "SENATOR McPHEE." .
i Regular Matinees every Wed-
< nesday, Thursday, Saturday and
; Sunday. PRICES -10c, 25c, 5Oc.
Ben Greet Players
IN OAKLAND
MACDONOUQH THEATER
Monday Night, November 14th
EVERY/WAN
Tuesday Night. November 15th
TWELFTH NIGHT
Lyric Hall, 119 Eddy St.
COMMENCING MONDAY. NOV. 281b
Entire Week— Matt. Wed. PrL ft Sat.
THE STAR OF BETHLEHEM
¦ A MJr»clt Play of the Nativity by
Charles Mllla (Sayley of the University of
California. Appropriate Toc»t and Instru-
mental music. Specially designed scenery
and magnificent costumes.
Beserred Sent*. 31.50. 31.00 and 75c.
Ready Wednesday. November 23d
At Fherman. Clay & Co.'*.
WATCH WHERE THE CROWDS GO."
COME TO-DAT
Ese the Greatest Aggregation of Vaadsvill*
••HEADLINERS" for the Prices In
All the World.
10 & 20c., No Higher
Drop in at Any Time
Continuous Ferf onaanca from -
3 to 5. This Afternoon.
And from 7:30 to 10:30 To-xrfcrht.
T«n WONDERFUL SPECIALTIES and the
Only EUROPEAN MOVING PICTURES.
Hlffn-Clais Specialties Every Afternoon
and Eveatnjr in the Tneater.
PETCHINO BROTHERS; JOHNSON AND
WELLS; MR. AND MRS. JOHN T. CHICK;
EDNA GRANT; HUEGEL BROTHERS:
MABEL LAMSON AND THE AMERICAN
BIOGRAPH.
SPECIAL — Children visiting the Chutes Sun-
day mornings, when Sultan, the untamable
lion, performs with Captain Hendrleks In the
Zoo will be given tickets for th* Miniature
Electric Railroad. Terr la Wheel and Galloping
Horses WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.
AM&TEUB 29TIQHT TXTTSSSAT.
.THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD NOW OPEN.
ADMISSION...... .10c J CHILDREN ....6c
When Phoning Ask for "The Chntea."
Eacing! 0$ Racing!
Hew v4]Ku^ Jockey
: California -P® Club I
jfr^-.i • OAKLAND TRACK.
• Commencing SATURDAT, November 12.
: Racing every week day. rain or shin*. • '
. Race* start at 2: IS p. ra. sharp.
'•"' For special trains stopping at the track take
8 P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30. l;0O. 1:30 or 2:00. ' Returning train*
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:43 p. m. and
immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
I percv ¦ W. TRJCJLT. SacrtUnr.I FOUR MEN. PROMINENT IN LABOR CIRCLES. WHO ARE HERE TO ATTEND |
THE ANNUAL CONVENTION OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR
WHICH BEGINS. ITS SESSIONS IN. THIS CITY TO-MORROW. MORNING. : . .
cause he made unwarranted accusa
tions against her and denied the ma
ternity of his child. He la a black
smith at the Union Iron Works. Edith
A Lesser sued Harry H. Lesser for
dlvorce for desertion and asks $35 a
month alimony. The only divorce
granted was by Judge Kerrigan to
George D. Wheeler from Mattie
Wheeler for desertion.
Josephine Beck yesterday sued for
divorce from Peter Beck, whom she
married *at Santa Cruz August 28,
1900. On October 8 last year he was
sent to the penitentiary for a year and
a half for "Injuring" the Santa Cruz
•jail. '¦ Irene .Jensen asked for. a le
gal separation from Hans Jensen - be-
In the Divorce Court.
DENOUNCE UNSCRUPULOUS PERSONS.
The Scandinavian 'Society > has passed resolu
tions denoundne all ' persons of other nation
alities who use the . name of ¦ Scandinavians
In business with a view to gain ' patronage
thereby. The resolutions are signed by Klaus
Olsen, C. Oman and - Charles I'lamberck.
The Ward Shaft Association, includ
ing several mining companies ' on the
Comstock lode, has awarded, a con
tract for a permanent pumping plant
to provide for draining and keeping
drained the Gould & - Curry, Savage,
Chollar, Potosi, Alpha Consolidated,
Exchequer and Julia Consolidated
mines. The plant will cost 180,000.
Mines Contract for Pomps.
Wesley Samson, six years old. living
at Cohn Place, swallowed a 5-cent
piece yesterday and complained to his
mother that he could feel the coin
near his heart The boy was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where an an
tidote was given him, but he failed to
cough up the coin.
Boy Swallows Coin.
B.F.StoIl, dentist; Haight & Masonic av.*
Attorney Albert Johnston appeared
before Judge Lawlor yesterday and
asked on behalf of the Election Com
missioners that the hearing on the
accusation of the Grand Jury against
them be postponed till November 26.
They could not be in court next
Wednesday, as they would be busy
canvassing the election returns. The
Judge replied that they had better be
In court next Wednesday and at that
time he would eee what could be done.
'At present he would not make any or
der.
Election Board Wants Delay.
CIVIL. ENGINEERS WANTED.— Th« United
States Civil Service Commission announces an
examination on November 28 at San Fran
cisco, Los Anreles, Fresno, Marysvllle and
Reno for the position of civil enirlneer and
superintendent of construction (male) at $1&OO
per annum In the Quartermasters' department
et large. There are .ten vacancies to be filled,
two of which are located In Ban Francisco.
Ape limit 20 years or over. Apply to th«
United States Civil Service Commission. Wash
ington. D. C. or to the secretary. Board Civil
Service Examiners, Postoffice. San Francisco,
for application form 1312, which should ba
properly executed and filed with the com
mission at Washington.
RUSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co.. "Print Any
thing." 419 Sacramento et. Never disappoint. •
Other arrivals at headquarters yes
terday were Frank Duffy of Indianap
olis, secretary of the Brotherhood of
Carpenters. and Joiners; F. M. Guerin
of Troy, N. Y.; James j. Daly of Spo
kane, Wash.; W. Frank Moyer and R.
D. Sawyer of Bellingham Bay, Wash.;
William S. Smith of Los Angeles, and
William White of Elmira, N. Y. The
special train from Chicago with 110 del
egates is due to arrive to-night; it
was reported five hours 'late, howevei,
at Salt Lake. A committee of local
union men will be on hand to receive
the delegates and escort them to their
quarters. Miss R.IC Guard, secretary
to President Gompers; Miss J. T. Kelly,
In speaking of the work of the com
ing convention, Mr. Mahon said that
the labor outlook was decidedly hopeful
and that this would be one of the busi
est sessions in the history of the feder
ation. Regarding the action of the ex
ecutive council in revoking the charter
of the Chicago Federation of Labor,
Mr. Mahon expressed himself as at a
loss to account for the committee's ac
tion. He added, however, that the
standing of Mr. Schardt, delegate from
the Chicago body, would not be in
doubt, but that the delegate would take
his place on the floor of the convention.
The questions of wage disputes and
trade jurisdictions, Mr. Mahon said,
were things that would eventually de
cide themselves, and that all that was
needed was a sensible consideration of
the facts.
Mr. Mahon spoke in very decided
terms against the introduction .bf poli
tics into the federation. He said that
the Socialist delegates to the conven
tion had tried at nearly every yearly,
meeting to have the federation commit
ted to socialism, and that they would
again bcturned down, as were the del
egates of other political parties that at
tempted the same object. The only
delegates to the convention, he added,
will be those from organizations affili
ated with the American Federation and
fraternal delegates from Great Britain
and Canada. Invitations have for many
years been sent also to the trade or
ganizations of France and Germany.
Regarding the forming of an interna
tional organization of labor unions, Mr.
Mahon said that the only steps in that
direction were taken by the longshore;
men of the international transporta
tion lines. He added that it was a
hard enough job to get the labor unions
of the United States into line.
L.ATER ARRIVALS. v V
The headquarters of the American
Federation of Labor at the Russ House
was the scene of great activity yester
day. Many delegates from the East
and Pacific Coast States arrived and
registered and the committee for the
entertainment and reception of the vis
itors met in the evening and adopted a
plan for the proper welcoming 'of the
Incoming delegates.
Among those who registered at head
quarters was W. D. Mahon of Detroit,
president of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Street Railway Employes. Mr.
Mahon was accompanied by Rezin Orr,
treasurer of the same organization.
In the evening a mass meeting will
be held at the Alhambra Thea.ter un
der the auspices of the Carmen's and
Butchers' unions. The gathering will
be addressed by members of the ex
ecutive council and visiting delegates
to the federation. The Machinists'
Union also will give a jinks to visit
ing delegates at NatiVe Sons' Hall. *
To-morrow the convention opens at
9 a, m. at Lyric Hall. The officers of
the executive council will preside. The
preliminary business of the conven
tion will be the report of the commit
tee on credentials, following which
will come the appointment of com
mittees to arrange the order of busi
ness for the two weeks.
The committee on arrangements
met last night in parlor 3 of the Russ
House and completed the appoint
ment of committees to receive the del
egates. A special committee of three,
consisting of O. A. Tveltmoe, chair
man; J. Kean, secretary, and J. E.
McDougald, treasurer of the commit
tee of arrangements, will greet the
visitors at Port Costa. The remainder
of the committee, including P. H. Mc-
Carthy, E. L. Nolan and Al Smith,
will await the delegates' arrival on
this Bide.
COJOIITTEE MEETS.
At the headquarters a large banner
bearing the name of the American
Federation of Labor is a guide to
those desiring information and all
members of the committee of arrange
ments wear the badge of the feder
ation.
The conven'tion- will ".*• start work
Monday arid hold morning and after
noon sessions throughout the next two
weeks, with the exception of the af
ternoon of Wednesday, November 16v
and Wednesday, November 23. The
convention will be held at Lyric Hall
and the sessions will be open to the
public except on the last two days,
when the officers of the federation for
the ensuing year will be elected. Ar
rangements will be made for the seat
ing of tho delegates and a space for
100 honorary guests will be reserved
on the platform.
eecretary to ' Secretary' Morrison, and
Miss Elizabeth Morris,' secretary to
John Mitchell,' registered last, night at
the Russ House. •' .'-^ »\<- , -. *"• :.^ •<¦¦:•- -¦ y
Caviller Lost Control of Bicycle.
George Caviller, aged 16 years, re
siding at 1206 Golden Gate avenue,
while riding his bicycle at a high rate
of speed on Walnut street yesterday
lost control of the wheel, with the re
sult that he came In contact with a
stone wall and fractured his nose. In
addition to. this he may have a frac
ture of the skull, as his head hit the
wall with great force. The bicycle was
wrecked.
Fall hata: 1904. Just arrived, nobble*
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co- opp.Palac«. a
In conformity with the civil ser
vice rules United States Customs Col
lector Stratton had set yesterday fore
noon at 11 o'clock as the time for
Cress Unger to make a statement in
his own defense with reference to his
having embezzled $1500 of money be
longing to the Government, but Bert
Schlesinger. attorney for Mr. Unger,
informed the Collector that he would
reserve his defense for the trial. Mr.
Stratton will report the default (o
Washington.
linger Slakes Default^
Trapper' ¦ Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drugtfsu. 60c flask. Richard Sc. Co.. 400 Clay.*
Attachment Quickly Withdrawn.
An attachment for $24,809 was
served on Herman Bendel yesterday,
but was almost Immediately with
drawn. In explanation of the matter
Mr. Bendel, at his home in Oakland
last night, said: '"There is nothing in
it. I introduced and went security
for a man by the name of Loeffler,
who wanted to build a factory on Jes
sie street Through some mistake
the action was brought against me,
i>ut it \^as all settled before I left
town this evenir-"."
W. D: Mahon, Delegate of Street Railway
Employes, Discusses Outlook.
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR
OFFICERS ARRIVE TO-DAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL),. .SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
42
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEWARE
Of a cough, especially of infants
and delicate children. Don't wait
until the. cough becomes hard, the
throat inflamed and the lungs and
bronchial passages: congested.
Avoid cough remedies that contain
opiates, stupefying drugs and dan-
gerous anodynes. They only
quiet the symptoms— drug the
cough into silence— but that is not
: curing. A weak place is left k to
cause trouble later. A remedy
must be used to subdue the - in-
flammation, stimulate the secre-
tions,^ soothe and heal. the irri-
tated X membranes ' and cure . the
cough to stay cured.
'Aclamsl
Irish ' Moss Cough ; Balsam is ; . such
a remedy. If enjoys the indorse-
ments of many; . physicians, who
use it in their daily practice. Sold
by your druggist at 25c and 50c
bottle. \
¦^-ruo-^,^. ADyji^KTISEVfEyTS.
£ 1 2,000,000
IMPERIAL JAPANESE CDVERNMENT
6% Sterling Loan, Second Scries,
Due October 5th, 1911.
The undersigned are authorized by the JAPANESE IMPERIAL'
GOVERNMENT to issue the above LOAN, and hereby offer for
public subscription £6,000,000 of the above bonds at the price of 88'
per cent and accrued INTEREST, NEW YORK STOCK EX-
CHANGE USAGE, which it the approximate parity of the LON-
DON ISSUE PRICE.
THE SUBSCRIPTION LIST will be opened at the various of-
fices of the undersigned at 10 a.m. on NOVEMBER 14, 1904, and
will be CLOSED on or before NOVEMBER 22, 1904. The under-
signed reserve to themselves the right to c^ose the subscription list
at any time without notice and to reject any subscriptions and allot
emaller amounts than applied for.
PAYMENTS FOR BONDS ALLOTTED Is to be made in
NEW YORK funds, as follows: \
On application $ 25.00 per '£ 100 Bond.
On December 5, 1904 $ 25.00 per £100 Bond.
On January 5, 1905..., ........... ..$397.31 per £100 Bond.
TOTAL , $447.31 per '£ 100 Bond.
FORMS and SUBSCRIPTION BLANKS and Further Details
regarding this Loan can be obtained at the offices of the under-
signed:
KUHN, LOEB & CO., William and Pine Sts., New York, N. Y.
NATIONAL CITY BANK, 52 Wall street. New York, N. Y.
NATIONAL BANK OF COMMERCE IN NEW YORK, 31
Nassau street, New York, N. Y.
NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO, cor-*
ner Pine and Montgomery streets, San Francisco, California.
AP\^RTXSE3IEyTS.
Another Lot of
Removal Sale
Prices ....
Royal Er-
mln« four
f^'-xr&t iJ» hand?..
(¦'rj^St ...*iimh)
G& y&d < Stoles
>*^C iT Squirrel
L\ A — HI P" b°*«
•v^r Zv \ » from —
f5t^' ' i® c!asse» of
X^J^^a j t ¦,£& both r rea<ly
A&r^ jV '// made to
11, bet. / V. O
Knarry & I §Sm F^
Grant ev. I iudGcWd
quarto r e \ JW'gr. .
to be hi- • • ¦ J
nctra o ed macb 5*P Vr*
later. ? «» I W l -yy
* ADVERTLSEMEyTS. r .
ccsccocoeoceQ«oeeeoc6«e9eoee«oeoeQ06090*«oooo
g |
° I J i w OF \$Mfs^j, v A M 8 S I
1 Dry Goods CompanVc S
9 .¦..-¦ :,..; .:;.,.
O \ \ •
O i 1 : . O
| Printed French Flannels !
1 DIRECT IMPORTATION JUST OPENED |
o , . o
g Special designs and qualities for Wrappers, Kimonas, Chil- o
§ dren's Dresses, Sleeping Robes and Waists / / / / ;• *
o e
o PRINTED FRENCH FLANNEL— Showing; the finest o
selection of woolen textiles ever shown in this city, in 9
§ striking colorings and designs — in floral, nr^ J
o diamond, disk and Persian effects, yard I U v o
o SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL-In stripes and QC O I
g figures, yard OpL •
S SCOTCH STRIPED TENNIS FLANNEL- OC» •
• Yard •
c PLAIN EIDERDOWN FLANNEL— All colors f*() n •
O in best quality made, 36 inches wide, yard vUv q
§ RIPPLE EIDERDOWN FLANNEL— In highest (2C n •
O grade, 36 inches wide, yard vUv Q
© ¦¦ ¦ ¦ o
S CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, S
o e
0) Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square. q
O •
APVXgKTISK>fKVrS. - : g
THE VAIiTJE OF: CILVRCO AJj.
Few People Know How Useful It Is In
Preserving Health qnd Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal-: is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize Its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; It is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs . the
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and Intestines and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and lm-
f >roves the complexion, it whitens the
eeth and further acts as a natural and
safe cathartic. ;* »?'
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
willow charcoal and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting
! lozenges, the charcoal being mixed
with honey.
The dally use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and- purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, but on the contrary,
great benefit. -¦
A Buffalo physician. In speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels, and to clear the com-
plexion and purify the breath, mouth
arid throat: I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the dally use of
them; they cost but twenty-five cents
a box at drug: stores, and, although
In some sense a patent preparation, yet
I believe I get more and better. char-
coal in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges
than in an- of the ordinary charcoal
tablets."
A Wonderful 1
REMEDY
SISTER MART BAPTIST. Sis- 1
ter of Mercy, Grass Valley, writes: |]
"My eyes have much improved by 1
the use of George Mayerle's Eye a
Water, and I heartily Indorse It.- B
$200 Reward I
Tor the arrest and conviction of 9
any party or parties obtaining R
money by falsely representing 1 RJ
themselves j as GEORGE MAY- Eg
EKI.E. the German Expert Optl- H
clan, or as his a#ent. gj
llg^lf* To avoid imita- 1
*"^^ tions be absolutely 1
sure of the name,
"George Mayerle"«J^® I
APVEBTISE&U^l'ti.
x\ Colored Dress Goods j I
1 We quote a few lines from our large U
I stock, of dress goods. The following items I
1 will be found to be among the newest ¦
I materials for the season's wear. ft
I "Panne Cheviot'' t
1 An imported French Fabric; cheviot weare. highly finished fa I
I plain and mixed colorings; a suitable material for «ty"sj> »treet ]J
I and walking dresses. The dress pattern $12.00 ¦
I Tailor Suitings |
I We are ihowins: a nerr afsortment o! designs aad <o!orfngs fa B
1 our "Devonshire" and "West of England" Suitings, all mannish •
fl styles; 56 inchea wide, pare wool and extr*Talue$I.5O yard / ¦
H viyDlUl v/1 cpo u
fl 44 in. wide, crepe weave, wool textnrc «maIjK!ot»<«£ iHIl 1 wor- h
1 en in material, all the new fancy and staple colors. $1*60 yard V,
I " Crepe de Paris" §|| 1
H 46 m. wide, silk and wool "Crepe de Paris,* Hgfc lu*troo» -fin- JJ
H ish, soft clinging texture, new shades of browns, gray*, mode**' jj
¦ tans and blues. ; 62.00 yard I
I . Waistings I
1 Novelty wool waistings. the latest styles, In Q-epei,-Drtnfte3 ¦
H and Embroidered Mohairs, new patterns and colorings. 1 1
I 60c to $1.00 yard 1.
1, Chalys |]
0 For. this season we have imported > large Btodc-of tM» poptj- l|
1 lar material and are showing a varied assortment of designs; fl
| small neat patterns for children's wear and fancj. Persian styles ¦
i for kimonas and House gowns, 60C yard ¦
g Black Dress Goods I
I Black Figured Crepe de Paris ||
¦ A soft clinging Silk and Wool Fabric with small neat 'designs, ¦
a 44 in. wide, at > $1.50 yard i|
I Black Figured Samite I
0 A handsome silk and wool material with high silky luster, fl
B small designs, 44 *"• wide. . . $2.00 yard M
I Special jj
1 Black Iron Frame Etamine, 46 in. wide. fl
¦ Regular value. $1.25 yard. . 01.00 yard jj
I Order by Mail f
I Our Mail Order Department is perfectly equipped to ade- O
i quately serve the wants of those who live at a distance. Or- B
H ders filled promptly. Samples sent to any address. H
' 111 to lit Post iStreet>.,^ MSf **"« - ''
APVERHSEMEyrS. ¦
i& Sl/w <m^^^ By the time thl« reaches yonr eye we win be . w""**"* \ x S^,**^
§3 *S//M S^ days of THank»srivinar. and thousrat« of THank«£ylnsr com- V* .^0^ »
/V^y/S 1*? forts naturally flU the mind. On. thto* U oertata. ao jV
I 'Sr/f Hi matter how well lafien your table may be, ,U your feet «.re / /V 1
I V // fmk^^^ not comfortable. Thank«*ivia* happiness will be onto f the lj\s
I .» J j ISa&BS^^ questioa. A badly fitting shoe hat -Dolled many a rood / J\ *^J
/ I Ladies' Red or Black Felt vLlgrWKCiww^ e9 illustration* No. u .j ; t m
#1 Juliets — Fur trimmed, turn Ladies' Patent Colt Blucher— R« m ejn - ,\ I*
I « soles. Special for this week d u \\ kid top and extended ber _ Wa ffV v ¦%
l|l|lW L^ i "' B i ack . , K j d Princess— childre^s "ind^Misse? Felt Ro- ] .Vira eSss/kozv 1- J
lUllr Tr i mmcd ; vit^ patent tip m eos— Made of red felt, fur Vkm Kloi ) <! ll /
+UW. and turned soles. Special for trimme'd/ white flannel lined. or KOXT mMCA £>•/! wf'J.
I this week .$1.0o Special this week: KUp - ||JJ^l /A l f
1 Ladies' Kid Lace— With patent Sizes 5 to 8 « 5c N ° n « \lbs£k / 11/ tl \3
1 leather tips,, dull top. yellow Sizes 8}/j to 11 70c «; en uin« YijS|!& /fAffi J^
\ stitched extension soles. Spc- Sizes Iij4 to 2 ' oC without \&&§££k f •/¦«>/' df *"*^
'% cial for this week... $2.15 Children's and Misses' Lace Shoes thlf traa9 : £&r Jp
V Men's Patent Colt Lace— —Made of Patent' Colt skin, naA
* \ Made on a stylish me- with a neat toe and flexible . _.— -.
V dium toe last, dull kid s , oles - They arc intended for f *tfffl fl n^ .
\ !s° P up t T o h d S at S C h ?n e Sizt eS 5- to^??^ ™Sl.lO t£ W * l "^JC
\ - every way. Spe- Sizes 8^ to n. $ X,3O {V 832 MARKET 5l^.Z^\Ji
A* cial this week.. Sizes 8j4 to 2..... fl.GOfc^ It'^r^C. -^
$'3.1<) Boys' Kid Lace Shoes— Made or flwrfV A fl
A. Vtcl Kid and fairly heavy solei. both Ul ijf Si II a lallglil.^
dressy and serviceable. Special for av v*-r %—-J»
sizes 13% to*2*".I*.**."I"I*.II***.fl-6O Beautiful Toya for the Chfl-
'.«-->. Bires 2Va to 3»a #1.81) drea with Every Purchajie.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK Z&O®caiaAZw£> M 1^^^
• " f^ m ¦«»» aU lossea and unnatural dl»-
315 Street. >^k J^ 1- jAZXKZ^^^^l,?
Capital paid up $ 600,000 ( H P ° 5 Vll M fflSijSSt^^^^^.^
1\ / \ r» I I \ I gSBL— pffl ar *u reward for any case wo can-
ClTidends paid to depositors . 1,656,226 ffc> Ejfeg aSSBS UA iSJS^^,TltSriSSUSS
.'ARTHUR LEQALLET. Vloe-Pre«ld«Bt. I £< .. -- : , _ . C* t?* £ f V 1 * P r01t ate rlandi and all other terrtl
¦.."S8B <s5» ue^bSs^- f-x At Moderate Cost f» £«««W3rai!-swsSS
Intere»t paid on depo#tt». Loan* mad« on WfiAV r M A DI^T T Q^r» All ° fo «' »«lo at lQTSVi Market «t_ ft~r mZ.*
Real K«tate and approV^i •ecortUefc Oltefc illAr<l\LX«)j» tor tw book. ¦ * «*r«t «.. 8. T. Bead1892 — Stanford Iniverslty (March) 14 • University of California 10
1892 — Stanford University (December) a 10 University of California 10
1S93 — Stanford University - 6 University of California 6
1894 — Stanford University .'.... 6 University of California 0
1895— Stanford University 6 University of California : ' 6
i 896 — Stanford University 20 University of California 0
1897 — Stanford University 28 University of California 0
189S — University of California 22 . Stanford University 0
IS99 — University of California -. 30 Stanford University 0
1900 — Stanford University 5 University of California 0
1901 — University of California 2 Stanford University • ? 0
1902 — University of California : ... 16 Stanford University 0
1903 — University of California 6 Stanford University 6
1901 — Stanford University 18 University of California ..«. 0
Games won — Stanford University, 6; University of California, 4; tie cames. 4. . —
GAMES WON AND LOST BY THE RIVAL UNIVERSITIES
rHIS year's game was the
finest exhibition of football
and one of the most spec
tacular I have ever seen on the
coast. My opinion Is that the
representatives of Stanford won
because the men were In supe
rior physical condition and
played together better than did
the representatives of Califor
nia. The blue and gold men
should feel proud of then* team,
for although losers they fought
every minute and did not
quit at any stage of the game.
I was delighted to see the
sportsmanlike attitude of both
the players and the rooters. It
Is no easy thing to stand hi your
own bleachers and cheer while
a victorious rival cavorts on
your field, yet California did
this. All honor to its adherents.
GREATEST GAME
EVER SEEN HERE
SAYS DR. JORDAN
/CONGRATULATE Stanford
heartily on a clean victory
¦ in a clean came. The first
half was one of the best Illus
trations of the game of football
that any. one ever saw. It was
full of surprises and shifting in
terest, as' well as shifting advan
tage. Our team has had
throughout the season a splen
did support and carried it
through the game. Every man
played for all there was hi him.
They were green men, mostly,
and that • showed hi the second
half. I was delighted with the
good spirit shown by the stu
dents of both universities hi
cheering the good plays on both
sides. The whole event presents
a matmiflcent illustration of the
best form of intercollegiate
sport and intercollegiate spirit.
WHAT PRESIDENT
WHEELER SAYS
OF THE RESULT
Experts Praise the
Defeated Men
for Efforts.
CEASELESS pounding of
California's tackles did
the > business for us. We
hammered at thosfe . posi
tions from the first kick-off un
til tlio'end.of the game. ' This
play was the one that • brought
us . our greatest gains. The
Stanford men played well to
gether, the result of James
Lanagan's coaching. It was his
victory more than ours, and all
honor to him.- California al
ways fights hard and this year's
blue and gold team' was cer
tainly no 7 exception. Before we
went into the -game I expected
we would win by a score of 6
to 0, so, of course, I am satis
fied. I ' kZ~Z}-
CAPTAIN CLARK
PRAISES COACH
LANAGAN'S WORK
Chalmers Startles
Spectators by
:; -Long Run.
/"¦^HE ; bestf team won. Wo
I played ttie^ best . that was
* In us: In the first half
we held them' down fairly
well, but .in the second half it
was an. uphill' battle. Every
man on the team played the
game and I am prond of them.
We take off our' hats to -Stan
ford this year, but our team will
win next year. We were against
an aggregation • of players who
were superior to us in the game.
Weller's bucking was a feature
of Stanford's playing, although
Sprbtt * and : Dole ' each played
star games. -The cardinal sur
passed us in team work and
showed the benefit of : excellent
coaching.' ' .
CAPTAIN STROUD
SAYS THE BEST
ELEVEN WON
Greatest Shoe bargain of the week at
the "High tway." See, page 41. .:¦;¦• ,
OU* COMPANY INCORPORATES.— Articles
of Incorporation .were filed . yesterday . by . the
Coallnsa-Peerless Oil Company ; with a ! capital
#tock of fl.ooo.00o. of .which : ¥50 has been
(subscribed by each of the following- directors:
John • M. • Wrltfit, . J. H. Neft, • John C. ' Cole
man, Z. C. Cither and U. C. Park.
The great football game between. the
University- of California • and; Stanford
University at Berkeley- yesterdayr..'re
sulted ; not ; only In a : splendid' victory
for the ¦ cardinal,', but it? also} marked | a
blg'strideforward for Western football.
The apathy that -has characterized 'the
Pacific Coast-- gridiron ' contests * of 1 the
past jwas noticeably absent. . The i men
on both 'teams 'played with an earnest
ness ' and a ferocity, unparalleled : in .any
of -.their previous struggles. . Stanford
won v with straight - football- by!- better
team work. Various individuals on the
cardinal ¦ eleven i performed spectacular
feats, but it was-not' they, buti the or
ganization,- that i won. / The -blue and
gold eleven .was Inferior in point" of ex
perience, ' and a; few of : the ¦ men > were
physically, unable. to perform the duties
laid out -for, them.'V ¦
Both, teams were fast and deter
mined. \ Coach James ' Lanagan accom-.
plished , an ¦ extremely .> difficult task \ in
keeping practically a veteran : eleven
from getting : ] lax '. through , overcon
fidence.. • Coach Hopper deserves : great
credit' for 'making' something; from- al
most nothing. ; » The :.. cardinal •;¦ had ' a
slight, advantage -in weight, <. but that
had" little bearing on- the result • of the
contest. The ' key \ to . the score : is that
California-' had •' a* "green" '[ eleven ". and
BY* PARK WINSLOW.
By Snappy Playing
Stanford Team
Wins Game:
Charles M. Best, once a star mem
ber of the Lafayette Collegfe team, act
ed as referee in place of Ben Dlbblee,
v.ho was unable to attend the festlv-.
lties. Mr. Best is a diminutive man,
but he proved an ideal official. His eyes
never lost sight of the ball. and. as a
result, there was no "fudging." Rich
ard Smith was umpire, and, like Best,
vras on the alert, and whenever either
team was offside he reported It and a
penalty was meted cut to the sida
REFEREE PRAISES GAME.
President Wheeler was on the firing
line throughout the battle, and, al
though It pained him to see his cour
ageous boys go down to defeat, never
theless he felt proud to be the head of
an institution that put forth such men.
He was loud in his praises of the men
who played on both elevens. He ad
mired their Spartan spirit and the
clean, sportsmanlike way each side
played. What gladdened his heart was
the splendid spirit shown by the root
ing sections of both colleges. Never be
fore had either university cheered the
injured or applauded clever college
yells. This proved to President
Wheeler, as It did to every one who
was within the big lnclosure, that even
In the heat of battle the college man
does not forget that he Is a true sports
man.
Although football is a rough game
and the padded athletes who sprang at
each other in yesterday's annual inter
collegiate gridiron battle suffered in-
Jury, not a player lost his temper nor
committed a breach of the rules. It was
a clean-cut, gentlemanly game, par
ticipated In by men who represent the
highest types of the college athlete. It
was a pathetic sight to see brave ath
letes, withdrawn from the field be
cause of injury, weep on the side lines
because they were not permitted to
risk life and limb for their alma ma
ter. It was also heart-stirring to see
fair women cast flowers into the arena
in the path of the tearful-eyed gladi
ators who were helped from the field
soothed by fellow collegians.
COLLEGE ELEVENS
ESTABLISH A NEW
ERA IN FOOTBALL
The ¦: officials \ performed 'their duties
admirably.-* 'The ' whistle -was ; sounded
as soon'as theballvwas down," thus pre
venting, rough 'work and I wrestling: ; for
the 5 pigskin.--*/ A ; " close ¦ watch ; was kept
for : offside ( plays r and for holding, and; a
phenomenally * clean*, game : was ; the - re
sult* 'The '.: penalizations .were; infre-
lumber, rv •'..> 'V. ..'•._• " J " :.¦; - ;
Stanf6rd's/,lnterference '-] was 'as' good
as any : the writer, ever- saw 'on 'an|East
ern gridironi'i'No one 'knows, what Cali
fornia > might": have' done 'in i this ; respect
had : the /: opportunity.',. been\/ presented.
The, cardinal •' backs ?. tandemed ' through
the I line* tlmei after : time," : assisted by
every ; one ¦ of { their , fellow players. How
Lanagan- ever got; his menUo work in
that '.way. '; in >the; last ', three' weeks* is ; a
wonder. , In, the early "part- of the season
there \ was * an ' apparently utter absence
of = team* work 'in the eleven from Palo
Alto.'-v-T ' ¦¦ "••'-' -'¦¦'¦ ' - ' ' '
California ¦. tackled well In , general.
Whenever } a i blue I and ; gold man ] was
able to i get , at * a cardinal back -the run
ner .was •; bowled Cover .in championship
style. '7 As -!» the' home . team's backs did
not ; get • a v chance 1 -, to -run;, the .visitors
lacked, opportunities 'to- demonstrate
their tackling ability...- : .
OFFICIALS \ DO ''; WELL.
.." The players in both V teams were in
splendid condition i and f. fought for all
there ; was : in .them. California-; never
had ; half ' a'., chance " to i show what i- her
backs could. do. "Her line was tooweak
in spots 'to; give'Uhe; runners an oppor
tunity to : start.". The blue and' gold right
tackle, ; lef t ? guard*and ; . bothr. ends were
unable ; to '. cope , : with * thV. men : playing
opposite • • them": ; They ' played ' low and
worked. hard, but\to,no avail. In the
second; half, • wh<?n ; " the" home team
struck ,the\tobbggan,"ttie -boys In the
positions mentioned were. thrown out of
the way as -. a ¦> longshoreman "• handles
MEN- IN :': GOOD I CONDITION.
Stanford had one. of "class.". The game
demonstrated to . .the jj satisfaction of
every expert who witnessed It that the
day has- passed for the "old woman"
talk : to ' the . effect that . the climate
makes good football* impossible west of
the Rockies. . : This season's blue and
gold team: would 7 have, -defeated last
year's'cardinal eleven" by. better than a
touchdown. •>'¦' c : "
BY LOUIS LEVY.
CAPTURE RED BALLOONS
Shields was - not the equal of Heit
muller; on the cardinal's right tackle,
but with the able assistance of Roose
velt '. he helped : the backs make many
yards on his side of the line. Clark
quent and were" caused by overzealous
ness on the part of the line men to get
away with the ball. The weather was
a trifle sultry for such a strenuous
game. The field was in as good condi
tion as possible without turf. There
were but few Instances of fumbling,
and none of these proved expensive.
California was markedly superior in
punting. It is laigely due to "Heine"
Heitmuller that the cardinal did not
roll up a man' 3 size score. His kick
ing In the. first half evened up for
the line-bucking of the visitors. Cap
tain Stroud played a heroic game for
the blue and gold at center. Time
after time he broke through and
stopped plays, but support was lack
ing. His work aroused the admiration
of every spectator and when he waa
helped off the field in a crippled con
djtion the cardinal " rooters gave him
well deserved cheers. California has
ample reason to be proud of her foot
ball captain. Hyde played a fair game
at center for Stanford, but was no
match for his opponent.
CARDINAL GUARDS "ARE STRONG
-Roosevelt, at the visitors' right
guard, was too good for Gray and
Haffey, who went against him. He
had ¦ a strenuous name to start with
and the strength, alertness and brain
to back it up. He brushed his oppo
nent out of the way and made a big
hole every time he received the proper
signal. , Thompson did wonders on the
other side of center with Stern and
Kerr.- He and Sprott appeared to be
making way for , a three-seated auto
mobile instead of for backs, who could
almost sift through a keyhole in their
f rerizy to advance the pigskin.
It is due more, to the linemen, who
made the holes, than to the backs, who
carried the ball, that Stanford secured
three touchdowns. I frequently saw
Weller, Chalmers and Dole get from
three to seven yards past the rushllne
before a California man could brush
at them with his finger tips. This fact
in no way detracts from the splendid
game played by the cardinal backs,
but without some, crackajack men In
the line they would never have been
so busy as they, were last night figur
ing up their respective gains.
Color everywhere, from the sprout
ing: green on the hiMs to the peacock
drippings of the grand stands. Two
blotches of solid dye flanked the field,
the one vivid with the cardinal of the
Stanford rooters, the other shrieking
with the blue and gold bonnets of
Berkeley's young men. Then In the
covered sections on each side of the
gridiron blossomed the gay dresses
and satin streamers of women. When
the masses of spectators rose to yell
the tints jumbled-and ran Into * riot-
A fierce measuring of strength for
thirty-five grilling minutes, a sudden
crumbling and then the heartbreak of a
team's wrecking— that spells the story
of the fourteenth intercollegiate grid
iron battle, held yesterday on the new
field in Berkeley. Eighteen counts the
sum of Stanford's superior forces,
against which the straining energy of
Berkeley was as naught.
A grinding and a mauling, Bav,age,
incessant, was what beat down the
eleven defenders of the blue and gold
after their strength had snapped before
the game's early assaults. Upon the
BTllled field there was enacted a terri
ble demonstration of the law that the
fittest only survive. Around about the
lime-streaked soil jammed thousands
Bat tense and trembling while the ham
mer, hammer, hammer of brute force
•worked out the inexorable dictates of
that law. The weak fell battling and
the strong exulted in their might.
Truly, if football be really a game only.
It is deadly like the game of life itself.
For several thousands of students and
the tens of thousands of their friends
yesterday was the day of days. During
long weeks the picked athletes of two
great universities had been trained,
coached, drilled and dieted into -the
perfection of physical condition and the
acme of mental alertness. In these
twenty odd men, some In red and some
in blue Jerseys, that indefinable thing,
the honor of alma mater had been vest
ed. Upon the strength of a muscle, the'
quickness of an eye, hung the partisan
hopes of men and women, young and
old. the State over. Little wonder Is It,
then, that when the turning of the bal
ance was to be decided yesterday after
noon full sixteen thousand ribbon
decUed folk massed themselves tier on
tier about the California fields. The
rawest freshman from Mllpitas rubbed
shoulders with a bank president: a
minister of the Word clapped a Bteam
fltter on the shoulder and screeched as
one possessed of a devil.
ROOTERS SPRING SURPRISE.
With machine like regularity
A conference of officials, 'little Hop
per shaking hands with Coach Lana
gan. and then the men in canvas
aligning' themselves in the arena.' The
scream of the referees whistle, a
thump of the * yellow • ball springing
high from Ssrott's foot and the 'game
is on. 3R39S
The men from Palo Alto turned the
Calif ornian's precious yell into a scof
fing and a hissing. "Skyrocket!"
Berkeley would reply with a rising in
flection signifying -Stanford's ambi
tions, but ending the shibboleth in a
groan of squelched hopes.
Then the teams came trotting on,
the blue and gold ' men first To his
feet leaped every spectator and- the
air waa torn with the Jangling of
yells. Out of the welter of noise
came the solemn organ notes of Stan
ford's hymn to . the ¦ college. Men . and
girls sans: in sweet unison,' standing.'
FIERCE STRUGGLE BEGINS.
WEIRD YELLS SPLIT THE AIR.
The yells — but everybody. - knows
them by this time. The barking
"Rah-rah-rah, Stanford!"- and the
long-drawn cumulative Berkeley "Os
ki-wow-wow!"
There were some new ones, con
ceived out of the quick wits of Bulke
ley and Thorpe, the rival yell" leaders,
and these were bandied back and
forth through the braying mega
phones of the students.
"Lusty, blow, blow
Always crow, crow."
ous scheme almost paralyzing to the
eye.
Surprises were sprung everywhere.
Over where the Stanford claquers sat
in a so^Id rank of red there were a
few mysterious movements, and
prestol a great white "S" appeared
picked out against' the glaring back
ground. All this because some of thein
genious youths had arrayed themselves
in cooks' caps and nighties according
to the necessary alignment of their
university's initial letter. . Next from
Berkeley's rooters there suddenly shot
aloft a skyrocket trailing on its stick
shreds of the college colors. Then
from Stanford another Joke. Hoisted
upon an Improvised screen- there ap
peared the familiar legend* of a break
fast food with the motto that "Sunny
Jim (Weller) eats Force." Then it was
California's turn to throw* a- trick.
The trick was little 4-year-old Willie
Llndberg, who appeared .before, the*
rooters, garbed all in blue and gold,
to lead thenv in the yells with his baby
arms. ¦". -",'\. ,
Men began to totter and stumble, in
the California lighting front. First,
Sperry had to be led sobbing from the
field. Next Mead went, then Gray.
Then Captain Stroud, dazed and blind
ed, was drawn to the side lines .by the
coaches. The blue and gold team, rud
derless and beaten to "a daze, fought
blindly against two more inevitable
touchdowns. Finally, as if by the
irony of -fate, the last whistle sound
ed with, the ball only, a few feet from
the coveted Stanford goal.
Then the Berkeley ranks had 'to sit
in . the gathering dusk and watch ¦ the
serpentine dance of the cardinal : zig
zag California field in delirious vic
tory. And while they watched they
sang. . . • .
A ball pushed over the last line, then
the splitting staccato yelp from the
cardinal. Again the hammering. "Wel
ler, Chalmers find Dole pushed through
the weakened defense relentlessly,
"Hold 'em, California!" wailed the
Berkeley cohorts. Five, ten yards at a
time crashed the bullet formation from
behind the Stanford rush line, rending,
smashing:. i ¦
sounds the muffled Impact of mass
hittingr mass. A sprawling pile of
kicking bodies, the sudden shifting
into position, quarterback's nervous
bark, and then again that thudding
Jar. Neither side has.victorx. Down
the field the Stanford backs work the
pigskin by inches at a time, only to
lose to Berkeley and see their hard
gained yards of advantage swallowed
up by the soaring punts of Heitmuller.
The ball stays persistently in Cardinal
territory and the heart of th«s Call
fornian rooter is clad within him.
- But then came that terrible second
half. The battering and the bruising
power of Jim Weller's head had worn
down the strength of the men oppos
ing. The Berkeley line wavered, then
held, then crumpled up. President
"Wheeler squatted down on the side
lines near Coach Hopper and spoke to
him, once, twice. Hopper, with his
bent knees trembling and his teeth
clenching a wicked black cigar, had his
eyes and his thoughts on that weak
ening line and did not hear.
THE WRECK OP THE TEAM.
BY ROBERT W. RITCHIE.
Says That Both Elevens
Play Clean -Cut
Football.
Thousands Watch the Bitter Straggle on California
Field and See Berkeley Fairly Beaten.
ENTHUSIASM IX THE GRAND STAND DURING A MASS PLAY ON THE GRIDIRON.
REFEREE BEST
APPLAUDS
TEAMS.
Continued on Pago 45, Colanm 4.
Continued on Page 44, Column 1.
SAT* FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER' 13, ; 1904.
Pages 43 to 54
4 — i ,
Pages 43 to 54
STALWART MEN FROM STANFORD SCORE VICTORY OVER BERKELEY
CARDINAL IS TRIUMPHANT
ON CALIFORNIA GRIDIRON
STANFORD 18 - CALIFORNIA 0Seashore tan is wearing off.
"With all due respect for the opinion
of the Federation of Women's Clubs,
the modern young woman is as much
wrapped up in football as in fads and
finery.
NE\V YORK, Nov. 12.— The racing
stable of E.'R. Thomas ; was sold, in
the paddock before the races at T Aque
duct to-day and, excellent: prices were
realized. Lady Amelia was sold to J.
H. Wagner .for $8000. Diamond, also
went to the same buyer for$2300.. 'St.
Bellano was boughf by J."',H. Wagner
for $700. Reliable, ; for fAv horn Mr.
Thomas "paid $15,000," was sold to J.
H. Wagner for $5000.,. .H. B. Duryea
bought Iota • and Rose of : Dawn for
$2700 and $7000 respectively. ; Hermit
and : Stalwart were reserved for the
stud. -: ¦ ¦ , : . ... . .V ..- ...
E. R. Thomas' Horses Are Sold.
Longevity has-been characteristic of
Vice Presidents in the past. Adlai Stev
enson, for instance, is 69. 5 and. Levi P.
Morton io 80. Mlllard Fillmore when
he died was 74; George M. Dallas was
72, John Tyler was 71, Martin Van
Buren was SO, Elbridge Oerry, 70;
George'* Clinton, who came from Ulster
County, where Judge Parker resides,
was 72. Aaron Burr was 80, Thomas
Jefferson was 83, John Adams was 90.'
These {Vice Presidents of the . United
States are examples of the longevity of
those who have .' held that office,
though, of course, there have : been a
few Vice Presidents who did not attain
old age. The youngest Vice President
at inauguration was S6, the oldest was
63. .•'••¦;...... . ¦ , . .
Longevity of Vice Presidents.
Fourth race, the Edgemore stakes,
one and an eighth miles — Dolly
Spanker won, Ostrich second, Sey
mour third. Time, 1:57 3-5.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs —
Kalbert won. Black Prince second,
lied Rule third. ¦ Time. 1:23.
Third race, five furlongs— Juvenaga
miles— Lord Badge won, Dekaber sec
ond. Persistence II third. - Time,
1:50 2-5.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12. — Jockey
Hildebrand will leave to-morrow for
California, where he will ride during
the winter. Aqueduct results:
First race, six furlongs — Atwood
von, Ascension second, Monet third.
Time. J:16 2-5.
Second race, one mile — : Thistle
Heather won. Prince Salm Salm sec
ond. Arsenal third. Time. 1:42 3-5.
Third race, five furlongs — Juvenagu
won. Workman- second, Uncas third.
Time. 1:01 4-5.
Dolly Spanker a Winner.
They Fired on His Men.
An Englishwoman who is now trav
eling in this country was discussing
traits of Irish character with Lord
Kitchener on one occasion. The sol
dier told her that during the Boer
war an Irish colonel of much zeal and
still greater impetuosity had some of
his men out scouting. one night, when
they ran across another detachment
of soldiers, who took them' for Boers.
The newcomers fired on the colonel's
men, who promptly returned the vol
ley, but no harm resulted beyond the
killing of a mule. Kitchener sum
moned the colonel and asked: "Why
did you fire on that detachment?"
"Bad luck to them," was the explosive
reply, "and didn't' they fire on my
men, general?"— Chicago Chronicle.
/THINK Stanford's offensive
ptnyins waa tremendously
stronjr. Our boys played a
heroic same and stuck to it as
long ns they could. In the sec
ond half they save way from
lack of physical power an.l be
jran to co to pieces. In the line
were HaUt men and sick , men.
Stroud, our captain, and another
"player were laid up 'with
measles nnd this weakened their
condition. Stanford's sccontlary
line— that is, thq line made up
of the backs, put up a defense
that was wonderfully stronsr. I
know this because our offense
was extremely strong and we
could not get through.
' J. D. Fnrrell Jr. Is -Not- Dead.
SEATTLE. Nov. 12.— J. D. Farrell
Sr.j who died last night in this city,
was the father of the well-known as
sistant to the president of the Great
Northern Railroad. A dispatch, sent
out from Seattle shortly after the
ndws of the daath was received, con
founded the son with the father and
as 0 result local railroad men have
been kept busy to-day correcting the
impression created, abroad that J. J.
Hill's valuable assistant had passed
away. X. 7
The overjoyed Stanford men took a
STANFORD MEN AT THEATER.
Watson, the Yacht Designer. Dies
GLASGOW, Nov. 12. — George Lenox
Watson, the yacht designer, who had
for some time past been ill, died at
his residence in this city to-day of
heart disease. His condition was re
ported to be better yesterday, but In
the night he suffered a relapse and
passed away. He was born in 1851. .
Opposition cures apathy.
Nature may make some fools, but
all i;he foDS make themselves.
COACH HOPPER
PRASSES TEAM'S
HEROIC STAND
Fourth race, steeplechase, fall
course,' about two miles^ — Rip won.
Charawind second, Cardigan third.
Time. 4:32%.' . *t':J
Fifth race, six furlongs — Allen Avon
won. Dixelle second, Milton Young
third. Time. 1:17%.
Sixth race, one mile — Cheboygan
won, Swiftwing second, Plautus third.
Time, 1:47.
Second race, five furfongs— Depends
v/on, Agnes Virginia second, Dlxelle
third. .Time, 1:04%.
Third race, one and . a sixteenth
miles — Reservation won. Judge Himes
second, Jistrada Palma third. Time,
1:50. »: . . - . -.:. v
First race, seven furlongs — Gigantic
won, ,Cascine second, Leola third.
Time, 1:32. . . , ' ,
CINCINATI, fiov. 12. — Latonla re
sults:
Results at Latonlti.
Neither side tried tricks. Bansbach
made twenty-five yard* on a quarter
back run in the first half and was
downed so hard that he had to be put
out of the game for repairs. There
was practically no slugging.
Stanford loses seven of her best men
this year and Lanagan will have a
hard job ahead of him next season.
If Hopper or some one else with his
unusual ability handles California
n«'Xt year there will be a football game
wr-rth seeing in November. Both col
leges should retain their coaches.
The Quarterbacks on both eleven?
distinguished themselves. Little
Bcothe astonished himself and every
one else by his remarkable improve
ment over his tvork during practice
games. He ran in punts like a younrj
Hercules and handled his eleven
rapidly. Bansbach played hard, fast
and with that fierceness which is char
acteristic of him. When he was laid
out Stott seemed Just as strong as his
predecessor in the place. It was a
pleasure to every one who has watch
ed Stanfords' games to see little Stott
get the coveted football "S."
Chalmers played a spectacular game
Rt right half. Once in the last twenty
minutes of play he ran in a kick
eighty yards from the cardinal flve
yurd line. At any other time after
California hit the. incline he was good
for from five to fifteen yardi? Chal
mers covered more ground than his
running mates, but he had big
holes opened for him and things were
coming his way. Dole is always a
mere consiftent half and in uphill
Rimes has thoroughly demonstrated
.this fact. Weller made grains when he
fcund the barn doors open, but was
downed without gain when he struck
a folid place 1n the blue and gold line.
I know that Kern. Meade. White.
Snedigar. Lasater and Sperry were as
#ood any way and probably better
tlum the cardinal back? offensively,
but the California line failed to let
them show it. v ' '•» '.-•.
QUARTKRS DO NOBLY
played in championship form on left
end offensively and might have done
as well defensively if the contest had
gone forward otherwise than in the
manner of a procession. West did
measurably well on the opposite end.
Kittrelle and Elliott played hard for
California, but they had few chances
to Eton end run«.
Continued From Page 43, Column C
COLLEGE ELEVEHS ESTABLISH
yard line.
Dole forthwith kicked outside three
yards from center. The ball was
brought in and Sperry made four yards
on two bucks through Stanford's right
tackle. Heitmuller punted to the five
yard line, and Eansbach ran the ball
in ten yards. After a preliminary rush
Dole kicked to center and Clark got
the pigskin on a fumble.
Bansbach made between twenty and
twenty-five yards on a quarterback
run. He was downed so hard he had
to retire from the game. He had a
clear field with the exception of Boothe
and almost hurdled him. The ball was
fumbled in the mix-up, and a Califor
nia man grasped it to his bosom.
Heitmuller punted twenty yards past
center. Chalmers, Weller, Sprott and
Dole made ten yards, but Shield got
off side and Stanford was penalized.
Dole punted fifty yards and Boothe ran
the ball back without help for twenty
five yards. California lost five yards
for offside on a kick, but Heitmuller
booted the ball on the next play to tho
cardinal's twenty-yard line.
HALF ENDS WITHOUT SCORE.
During the remainder of the half the
opposing punters swapped kicks, with
occasional rushes, and .when the ref
eree's whistle signaled for the intermis
sion the ball was In Stanford's hands
on the cardinal forty-five-yard line.
The second period was a Waterloo for
Chalmers dug Into California's right
tackle for eight yards in two turns.
Weller was given the ball and fumbled.
A Stanford man fell on the ball. The
blue and gold's last chaik line was
only twenty-tive yards distant, and it
looked serious for the home team.
Sproit gained five yards. Chalmers
was downed for a small loss and Dole
also failed to connect. An attempt at
a field goal was blocked, and Snedlgar
carried the pigskin to within ten yards
of center before he was downed. Heit
muller immediately punted sixty yards
and Bansbach came back twelve. Dole
kicked to the cardinal's forty-five yard
line and Heitmuller booted the ball
back to Chalmers on the visitors' five-
Stcnfcrd kicked fifty yards .'oh-' the
start to Booth3, who came back fif
teen. Then there was a fumble, but
Sperry got the ball. He made a short
gain on the next play, but fumbled in
turn and Stanford got the pigskin. Dole
and Weller made three yards between
them, and the' first named was then
ordered to punt. He sent the ball
thirty yards to Boothe, who was down
ed by Clark without gain.
Heitmuller immediately punted
eighty-seven yards over Bansbach's
head. Dole punted back ten yards past
center. Uooihe came back four yards
and Kern made three more on the car
dinal right tac:cle and end. California
was penalized for offside and Sperry
was downed for a short grain on a de
layed r-ass play. Heitmuller was forced
to punt, and he Bent the pigskin forty
five yards to Bar.sbach, who ran it
beck eight. Dole made four yards and
Weller three on the blue and gold left
tackle and end. In the two succeed
ing plays cuch team was penalized for
ofrside, and then Chalmers dug
through California's right tackle for
eight yards. Sprott made three yards,
Weller four and Chalmers two through
the line. Weiler annexed two yards
more through the blue and gold left
guard and Dolf: was nailed for a loss
by Heitmuller.
Thompson taraii brought back and
succeeded in wdvanclng the pigskin
three yards. Chalmers went through
Force for seven yarda. fprott mnde
three between Heitmuller and Kit
trellc, Dole made one more and Chal
mers finished the aeries with a ten
yard run on tackle and end. Roosevelt
was brought back, but fai'.ed to pain.
At this point Stern was retired in tears
and Kerr took his place. Weller gained
six yards on two center bucks.
STANFORD POUNDS LINE.
Referee— C». M. . Best. Umptre7-Rlch8.nl
Smith Head linesman— Percy Hall. . 'Analst
ant linesmen— J. T. Nour&s- and R. Rssa.
Timers— D. Brown and I. G. : Muma. '-.Halves —
Thtrty-flve minutes. Score— Stanford 18, Cali
fornia v- . ¦ " '
-It looked pitiful; to see the coaches
take one after another qf the crippled
California men from the field, but the
eleven was about "all in." The blue
and gold kicked off again and Chalmers
caugfht the ball." "With splendid inter
ference and dodging like a cat he came
smashing down the gridiron for eighty
yards. The field was clear, but Snedl
gar caught his man from behind. •••
Stanford was only twenty-five yards
away from the goal line, and scoring
was easy. The line men : opene'd^holea
and the backs plunged through. It took
seven plays, to . get the touchdown.
Sprott kicked the" goal again. ';' '",
In the remaining few minutes of play
White made five yards, for California.
This was the principal. offensive play of
the blue and gold during the day. The
game ended with the "ball in Cali
fornia's poseession on 'Stanford's -twen
ty-flve-yard line." The .'Jine-up wa3 as
follows: ?3h .','; ..¦"'...'. : ;^ ; ; ;
California Position. Stanford. ¦
Klttrelle.. ...: 1**13. R...V. We^t
Heitmuller. ..;....... L. T. It. ........ .Shields
Gray. Haffey, Foeter.L. G. R .Roosevelt
Stroud. Haffey ..Center .;.... .Hyd*
Stern, Kerr «.;.R. G. L. ... .".Thompson
Force R. T. I* Sprott
Elliott .;..... R;"E. L.. Clark, Butter
, ¦ . ¦ - field
Boothe Quarter. Bansbach, Stott
Kern. Mead. Enedl
uar TU*ht half Chalmers
Snedigar. . White Left half Dole
Bperry. l*eat«r. , . .. .
Boynton. ..... . .., . -Fullback ., . ,. .. . Weller
Heitmuller had his free kick blocked,
but picked up the leather and* ran it in
fifteen yards. He then kicked to Stan
ford's twenty-five yard line. The car
dinal veterans got together and ambled
down the gridiron for their second
touchdown, with Chalmers making the
long gains. Sprott kicked the. goal. The
blue and gold supporters were .playing
bravely and fiercely, but they were out
classed. . <.'..- ¦fl.a-'-lov "¦:¦>:• -
XEXT SCORING IS'rgASY.
the blue and gold .detachment. Stan
ford started off with a wild rush and
never slopped until the end. Three
touchdowns were made and three goals
were kicked, as the home team had lost
its cohesion.
California kicked' off to the cardinal
five-yard line after Qray had kicked
over and the ball had been called back
for an offside play. Then the fun start
ed. Chalmers, Dole, Weller, Sprott,
Thompson and Shields all made gains
of from five to twenty yards. California
was pushed right back of her own goal
posts and Chalmers was sent through
rigrht tackle for the touchdown.' Sprott
kicked an easy goal.
California . kicked to. the five-yard line
after the nien had partially recovered
their equanimity. Then the procession
started across the field in the other,di
rection. The cardinal would have cone
right through to the Southern Pacific
tracks on the other side of. the grounds
if some anxious child had not over
stepped and caused' a penalization. Dole
tried a drotf kick from the twenty-five
yard line and scored a miss.
Stanford. . We were . not
able to score at flr?t because
California's defense was too
fast for us. We struck our gnit
in the second half and after
that California could not stop
our attacks. It was a bucking
game and we proved stronger
than Berkeley, both in the Hue
and Jn the bnck field. The Cal
ifornia team was game all the
way through. Heitmullcr's Irick-
In£ wns marvelous and kept us
from making a larger score. I
don't think the Stanford (eleven
was surprised nt Berkeley's
strength. We expected a hard
light and we got it. ,
SPIRIT, - dctciniiliujtjon untl
superior physical .. condi
tion won the game for
The theater was packed to the limit
of its capacity, and the noisemakers
had possession of the rear part of the
gallery. The football players arrived
late, entered when the gas was down,
and there was therefore no demonstra
tion over them. Finally the lights were
turned on, the heroe3 of the gridiron
were discovered and the gallery rang
with cheers for them.
A number of cuts had to be made in
the show because of the turn of for
tune, but these did not mar the play
noticeably. Not many pretensions were
made for it anyway, and a good
natured audience took things happily
as the amateurs made merry on the
stasre. ! . v;vv
The mon from Stonford was an Eng
lishman, who had many exciting ex
periences in trying to uncover a i>lot .of
Berkeley to play "a professional in its
football eleven. He went to Monterey,
thought he had found a clew and fol
lowed his suspect to Berkeley, where
he found there -was absolutely no
pround for the suspicion of trickery.
He was so utterly disgruntled that he
telegraphed to Stanford that he wpuld
never be back there and that he was
about to return to London. There were
many amusing situations, the actors In
dulged hilariously in horseplay and al
together everybody had a lot of fun.
• Enthusiasm was lacking at the Uni
versity -of California- Bhow last night
in the Alhambra Theater. The yell
leaders strove diligently, the voices
were exerted often enough, but the
buoyant note of triumph was wanting.
The chief feature of the show— the noise
of the students — was therefore not up
to standard, though it was good enough
to keep the audience interested till the
curtain came down on "The Mon From
Stopford."
After the show the cardinal men
took strolls along the various popular
thoroughfares and made the town re
sound with their yells and cheers for
a few hours. They were in evidence
everywhere, and when a bunch of
Berkeley men loomed up a sort of
rough house was the invariable re
sult and the streets were the scenes of
a few lively mixups.
mortgage on the California Theater
for a few hours last night and while
they were there the shoWhouse expe
rienced one of the metriijjt times in
its existence; College yells and other
yella were on the car\l from the mo
ment the college boys arrived and
they never for a moment showed ajiy
signs of easing up on the pace.
The- jrlee club and the mandolin
club rendered selections which went
well with the crowd. The Door ac
tors who- were starring in • "Sweet
Clover" were given a good time. No
one was overlooked, but the clever
ness of them all was surely not no
ticed. They all got theirs. Crie3 of
"Eighteen" rent the house at short in
tervals and challenges were boldly is
sued to .any Berkeley men who hap
pened to be in the house.
BY PARK WIXSLOW.
Brilliant Playing Crefafes Great
LSiLI lUoldoil I. -
Theater Echoes With Their
DETERMINATION
BRINGS VICTORY,
SAYS LAN AGAN
A LIVELY SCRIMMAGE DURING
GAME IN FRONT OF VIVIDLY
OUTLINED LIVING LETTKR "S."
DESCRIPTION OF GAME
BY AN EXPERT.
BERKELEY MEN FORGET
DEFEAT AT PLAY.
Three times early In the opening
half were the representatives of old
Nassau penalized for off-side play and
once for holding — a distance of thirty
yards, a great advantage .for a fierce
line bucking aggregation like the Yale
eleven. In the same half Yale suf
fered oyly once for a penalty and at
the time the ball was so far in Prince
ton 1 " territory that the five yards
availed, practically nothing. The game
was absolutely devoid of spectacular
plays.
Each man on the Princeton eleven
endeavored to do his share, but
Princeton's gains and her defense
were due in a great measure to the in
dividual playing of three men- — Coon
ey, Foulk and Miller. The former
was used as a battering ram on the
Yale line and seldom failed to gain
his distance, and the two latter as the
second line of defense were brililant.
Hogan, Bloomer, Leavenworth and
Owsley were used to rip up Prince
ton's line and •were universally, suc
cessfully. Shevlin showed no signs of
fatigue. While Yale outplayed Prince
ton in the opening half the latter
clearly had their opponents on the de
fensive in the closing half. During
the last thirty-five minutes of play
the ball was almost continuously in
Yale's territory except when Hoyt
would kick. Yale's goal was never re
ally in danger.
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 12.— On the
strength of having defeated Wisconsin
by a score of 28 to 0 on Northrop field
to-day Minnesota rooters were to-night
claiming the Western football cham
pionship for 1904. The game played by
Wisconsin to-day was a disappointment
to Its supporters. Minnesota started in
with a rush and played their opponents
off their feet, sending Kramer over the
line for the first touchdown almost be
fore the spectators realized what was
happening. Attendance 20,000.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— The Indian
football team from Sherman Institute
to-day defeated the University of
Southern California eleven at Long
Beach by the score of 17 to 0. The-col
legians could not hold the rushes of the
Indian line, who broke through and cir
cled the ends almost at will.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— St. Vincent
College eleven defeated Throop Insti
tute of Pasadena at Prager's Park to
day by the score of 34 to 0.
. LOS ANGELES. Nov. 12.— Pomona 42.
Occidental 0.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Nov. 12. —
Everything Is blue in old Nassau to
night. Yale to-day administered the
second defeat of the season to the
orange and black, 12 to 0, In the pres
ence of 30,000 people. The frame
does not deserve a niche in the hall
of football fame, but there are one or
two individuals who stand out prom
inently among their fellows. Prince
ton will forever blame the elements
for to-day's defeat. The Intermit
tent downpours of Friday had made
the gridiron soft and slimy and the
wearers of the orange and black were
the chief sufferers.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12. — Columbia
brought the football season to a
happy finish to-day by defeating Cor
nell In the annual same, 12 to 6.
The local team displayed wonderful
improvement in form and Its entire
j>lay xctls characterized by snap and
dash.
At the ooenlng of the game Colum
bia went at Cornell from the Jump
and forced the ball to Cornell's one
yard line, where it was lost on downs.
L»uer on Columbia showed superb de
fense br taking the ball from Cornell
when It was close to the New Yorker's
goal.
PHILADELPHIA. Xov. 12. — Al
though the football team from the
Carlisle Indian School failed to score
against the University of Pennsyl
vania eleven on Franklin field to-day,
the three touchdowns made by Penn
sylvania were earned with difficulty.
Score: Pennsylvania 18, Carlisle 0.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Nov. 12. — In
the annual freshman championship
pme between Harvard 1908 and Yaie
l?08. on Yale field this afternoon
Yale defeated Harvard 16 to 0.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. Nov. 12. —
Harvard had little difficulty in de
feating: Holy Cross on Soldiers' field
this afternoon. 28 to 5. In the first
half the crimson grained at will until
near the end of the half when a fum
ble grave the ball to McManus, who
ran fifty-five yard? for the only touch
down made by Holy Cross.
. DELAWARE. Ohio. Nov. 12.— Case
Hiph School, Cleveland, 38; Ohio Wes
leyan University 6.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Nov. 12.—Wash
ington and Jefferson 6. Ohio Medical
University 6-
OBERLIN, Ohio. Nov. 12.— Oberlin
College 4. Ohio State University 2.
SYRACUSE. Nov. 12.— Syracuse Uni
versity 30, Lehigrh 4.
PROVIDENCE, Nov. 12.— Brown 41,
Colby 0.
ANNAPOLIS. Nov. 12.— Navy 5, Uni
versity of Virginia 0.
TERRE HAUTE. Ind.. Nov. 12.— Rose
Polytechnic 23. Earlham College 4.
IOWA CITY, Nov. 12.— Iowa 6S, Grin
ncJl 0.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 12.— Denison Uni
versity 27. Western Reserve 4.
EUGENE. Or.. Nov. 12.— Oregon IS,
"Washington 0.
DARTMOUTH. N. H.. Nov. 12.—Dart
mouth 15. Amhorst 4.
COLUMBIA. Mo.. Nov. 12. — St. Louis
University 17. University of Missouri 0. [
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 12.— Purdue
27. Indiana 0.
WEST POINT. Nov. 12.— West Point
41. Nev» York University 0.
EVANSTON. 111.. Nov. 12.—North
tveEtern 1L Illinois 6.
Plunge Through Defense and
Play a Tireless Game in
*Each Exciting Scrimmage
Hogan. Bloomer; Leaven
. worth and Owsley Plunge
Through Line for Gains
[final scoee 12 to o
YICTOKS IX GOOD F0K3I
FigbtingrNew York Elevens
Bring Season to a Close
With a Thrilling Contest
Old Eli's Gridiron Gladia
tors Humble the Fighting
Tigers From Princeton
CORNELL EASY
FOR COLUMBIA
BLUE OF YALE
WAVES ON HIGH
In a Desperate Struggle Stanford Men Outplay Berkeley for Annual Championship
THE SAN: FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ' NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
44
' . . ADVEBTISSaiEHTS. m
§iS MOT A SKIN DISEASE* W^ |ot
Several years 8^0 I was afflicted with I was terribly afflicted with Rheuma- «raj&^_ *¦ «^^
what the doctors ? iUed Sciatic Rheuma- tistn for eighteen months, and during my *y3?^5?? v^Sfegf
tism, or Lumbago, suffering the most in- sickness tried the skill of many good * vb»«w*§firJ»&
tense agony at times, and being confined physicians, all of whom pronounced my
to my bed about a year, although four of case hopeless. I was for a year in such a JajanSvi^ V?V
the best physicians (one of whom was ruy helpless condition that I was unable to fc^JKS^ji^Jr^J
father) attended me during my illness. dress or feed myself. I had filled at dif- ftfjIwiwaOl**/!
They could give me only temporary relief, and I think they ferent times 53 prescriptions suggested vt *'^3F t Tr w * if
tried about all the remedies known to medical science, dosing by friends, stone of them giving xne any relief. I finally de»
me with strong medicine until my stomach got into s.uch a cided to include S. S. S., and took the first dose while hob-
condition that I could digest nothing, and neither, myself nor bling about on crutches. After taking two bottles I found so
my friends had any hope of my recovery. I was persuaded much relief I was able to relinquish the use of one erutch, and
to try S. S. S., and before finishing the first bottle I found a faithful continuance of the medicine relieved me of the
that I had the right remedy. I continued to take it until it other crutch, and shortly afterwards enabled me" to go to inv
cured me perfectly. This was about -nine years *go, aad I work. I have had no return of Rheumatism, although this
have been in splendid health ever since. was five years ago. . j. O'Maixey,
Murfreesboro, Tenn. . ; J. D. MaJjson. 2135 N. Senate Ave. Indianapolis, Ind.
Fiery liniments, drawing plasters and penetrating oils never cured a case of Rheumatism; because it is not
a local or skin disease, but a disease of the blood caused by a sour, acid condition of that vital fluid. The kidneys
end bowels get weak, the liver torpid, and the poisonous accumulations that should pass off through the usual
channels of nature are absorbed by the blood and distributed into the muscles, joints and nerves through the circu-
lation, producing inflammation and swelling of these parts, excitement of the nerves and other painful and disa-
greeable symptoms of the disease. Rheumatism sufferers look with dread upon the winter season with its damp,
cold, changing weather, for the first slight exposure is liable to bring on an attack, and the sharp, cutting pains and
feverish, swollen joints and muscles make life miserable with almost unbearable torture. Local applications will
.jrf^flfet often give relief for a little while, but can do no permanerr good, because the
¦<y^^^|''->i»iHffl|" fisBEaBl trouble is not within their reach; and even while the symptoms are being ra-
Miv-Zj^ wi^Ste^* lieved by .'such treatment the blood is becoming more heavily charged with the
uric acid P oison> and the next attack will be more severe. S. S. S. cures this dis-
!Ns»ZM1 h*vZ_!Pi§ tefrvZjiwf ease ky arousing to proper action all the sluggish organs and going into the
-BE&BgSay 'BJSBjr Kfe*B' * !^ ood) drivin S out a11 the acicl and poisonous matter, renewing and strengthen-
-sgggapr : ing it, and toning up the entire system by its fine tonic effect. It contains no Pot-
ash or other harmful minerals, but is purely vegetable and is recognized everywhere as the surest and safest blood
purifier. Our special book on Rheumatism will be mailed free to all who write, and our physicians will give medical
adviceto all sufferers, without charge , jy|£- SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, GAm ;Mathllde Serrao, the brilliant Italian
novelist, Is at ¦ work ' on her first play.
The material Is drawn from one' of, her
own novels, and the play, to be • called
''After : the Pardon," 'will be In four
acts ; and for four . people. Duse ..will
appear In the leading role.'
David Wai-field In "The, Music Mas
ter" Is one of the shining features of
the season in New York.
- Per. Br ship Barflllan (no date)— In hit 23.33
.- S, Ion* 86 W.^Fr bk General Faldherbe. from
Mwansea. for San Francisco.
PORT ¦ TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 12— Schr
F S Red field, from . San Pedro. ,••
SPOKEN.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PefGer «tmr ; Gemanlctis — Had strong west
edly {rales throughout • the pacsagre.'
' November ' 12.
Stmr Olympic. • Hansen. for BelMngham. -
MEMORANDUM.
SAILED.
ARRIVED.
Noremb«r 12.
Stmr Eureka,* Je«sen, 24 hr» from Eureka.
Br thlp Barflllan, Arthur, 170 days from
Ar.twerj).
Ger ship - Gemantcua, Behrmann, O days
from Java, via Moll 28 daya,
Br ship Lyton/ Jame«, 160 day* from Genoa.
Btmr Newport, Oornlns. 7 . hr» from . Pigeon
Point. -¦,:-•¦:-/¦ -•'.-'¦: •-.-•::¦ .,*::•
Etmr San Pedro,- Raamuasen, S3 lira from Eu
reka; bound south ; t put In, Jo land passengers.
IjATE SHIPPING INTEIiLIGENCE.
. /'Fantana," by Sam S. Shubert, with
Jefferson de Angelis at the head of the
presenting company, seems to be a mu
sical comedy hit by. all accounts. -
Napoleon nat Worn In Paris.
PARIS, Nov. 12.— A leading milliner
In the Rue de la Prix has introduced a
new Napoleon hat. This, worn with a
single lock of hair on the forehead,
accompanying a long redingote, is now
fashionable and most becoming to
wemen with high foreheads. An.ex
quisitely pretty coiffure, replacing the
theater hat, is formed of three classic
bands encircling the hair with one
erect ostrich plume.
Holbrook Blinn, the California actor,
who has recently made such a hit In
London as Napoleon in "The Duchess
of Dantzie," a light operatic version
of "Mme. Sans Gene," will shortly ap
pear In New York. in the same part.
Diva Marolda, who is to be one of
the principals of the Lew Fields stock
company at the Lew Fields' Theater,
New York, is the 'goddaughter of Ade
11 na Pattl. and was educated by the
famous singer. She is a daughter of
Kmello Marolda, the best known re
storer of antiques in the world, and of
Amy Lee, the prima donna* now singing
in Milan. aBHB&fft££JSS%53
Stolen baaea — Drennan, Flood, Cravath. Er
ror — Flood. Home run — Frary. Two-base hits —
Flood (2), Murdock, Thielman, Cravath. First
base on errors — Portland 1. Left on baacs —
Los Atxreles 4, Portland 2. - Struck out — By
Butler 4. by Gray 2. Double play — Shay to
Frary. Time of came — One hour and 30 min
utes. Umpire— Perin«. 1 r-.i
Loe Anjeles 0 1 O 0 0 0 O 0 1—2
Base hiU 0 2 1 0 11 11 2—0
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 — 3
Base blti 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 2 2—6
SUMMARY".
_LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— Portland
took a strong brace to-day and played
faultless ball. Butler was a tower of
strength in tight places, pitching well
at all stages. Gray also pitched well,
but an error by Flood let in a run
that eventually decided the game.
S,eore>
Lot Angeles — i Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. | AB.R, H. P.A.
FJernrd.cf 4 0 14 0 Dman.cf 4 0 0 2 1
Flood. b... 4 13 1 4,Mrdck,rf 4 012 0
Fmlth.3b. 4 0 0 0 6 Thlmn,2b 4 113 0
Chnce.lb 4 0 1 14 . l'Beck.Sb.. 4 0 0 11
I.Tvath.rf 4 12 2 OShay.s... 4 0 1 3 8
Chase,2b. 3 0 11 2!Frary.lb 4 12 8 1
Itoss.lf... 3 0 0 1 OiNadau.lf 4 113 0
Bpies,c... 3 0 13 0 Kelacysc 2 0 0 4 0
Gray.p. .. 3 0 0.1 1 Butler.p. 3 0 0 0 3
Totals. 32 2 0 27 13 Totals. 33 3 6 27. 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Trailers Surprise Pans by Handing
It Out to Angels. NvS"
BROWNS PLAY PERFECT BALI/.
It was, the auctioneer told the crowd,
a unique chance for a bold speculator.
Many were the uses to which, he con
ceived, it properly might' be put. One
of th<? most natural was to extend the
canal to Southampton in one direction
and to the Thames in the other, a pro
ject which he admitted would require
Parliarm-ntary powers. Another and
mere daring suggestion was that the
canal should be drained and converted
into a great automobile highway forty
mJles long, on which you could go as
you please. This also would require
a short act of Parliament because the
purpose to which land may be put is
clearly defined by the statute.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— In England vari
ous artificial waterways which cross
the country* represent tremendous cap
ital which Is now practically unproduc
tive. One of these canals between Ba
slngstoke and Woking, thirty-seven
miles long, was put up for sale this
week. *
He Tries to Dispose of It in Great
Britain for Automobile
Highway.
AUCTIONEER FINDS USES
FX)K UNPRODUCTIVE CANAI*
After the game Lewis Bulkeley,
leader of the California "rooting sec
tion." gathered his shouters and led the
way to Harmon Gymnasium. From the
steps Bulkeley told a pathetic story of
the capture of many hundred cardinal
balloons. It appears the Stanford con
tingent had ordered $50 worth of bal
loons and intended turning them loose
at an auspicious moment in the game.
Bulkeley and two other wearers of the
blue and gold learned this, and, ap
pearing at the manufacturers', they
boldly announced they were Stanford
men, and, putting up the ' necessary
money, secured their booty ' and . on
reaching the open air turned the bal
loons loose. Bulkeley modestly gave
the credit to his two assistants, but the
"rooters" would not have it • and
cheered their leader for his work.
The rooters then sang "Hail. Califor
nia," outside the windows of the gym
nasium t and also cheered the beaten
team: by their lusty cries.
The Stanford hosts departed after
filling the quiet town of Berkeley with
shouts of victory ¦ and the sound of
blaring trumpets.
guilty of this infraction of the rules.
"It was a magnificent game of foot
ball," said Mr. Best enthusiastically.
"It was one of the most exciting games
I ever saw. Stanford maintained her
splendid defensive tactics throughout
the game, whereas California weaken
ed in the second half. Both elevens
came closer to the Eastern standard
than any of the teams in the North
west. The game was remarkably «lean.
and was therefore easy to handle."
The awaiting thousands were nearly
cheated out of the exciting contest.
The Stanford eleven and numerous
substitutes arrived at the West Berke
ley station at 1 o'clock and the red
stockinged aggregation piled into
awaiting 'buses. They were driven
through the grounds and the players
were cheered by their admirers. Every
thing went smoothly until one of the
wagons was close to the football trophy
monument that stands near the cinder
track. Some enthusiast flaunted the
Stanford colors in the path of the on
coming team and the horses took
fright. Before the driver could control
the horses the long 'bus was partly
overturned, the pole broken and the
front wheels embedded in a trench at
the side of the road. The cardinal
players, "a trifle shaken up, sprang out
of the vehicle and walked the short dis
tance remaining. -
REFEREE BEST APPLAUDS TEAMS
Continued From Pace 43, Column 7.
DEATH CALLS
THE WIFE OF
EDITOR OTIS
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 12.— Mrs. Eliza
A. Otis, wife of General •Harrison Gray
Otis, proprietor and editor of the Los
Angeles Times, died at her home in this
city to-night of angina pectoris. Mrs.
Otis had been in poor health for some
time, and for the past few days had
been confined to her bed.
Mrs. Otis wad 70 years of age. She
had gained considerable fame as a
poetess.
Soldier and Jurist Is Dead.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Nov. 12. —
Brigadier General Horatio Rogers, a
distinguished soldier of the Civil War
and afterward Attorney General and
Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court of Rhode Island, died to-day,
aged CS years.
Royal Academician Dies.
LONDON, Nov. 12. — Valentine
Cameron Prlnsep, better known as
"Val" Prinsep. professor of painting
to the Royal Academy, died yesterday
from the effects of an operation. He
was born in 1838.
Putting Rats to Use.
Among the sights not the least In
teresting- in the city of Paris is a reg
ular rat pound, where the services of.
the rodents are utilized for removing:
the flesh from the carcases of dead
animals. A horse thrown In over ]
night is quite stripped by morning and
it Is the regular work of men In
charge to remove the beautifully pol
ished bones. Xaturally the rats thus
pampered increase at an amazing*;
rate and invade the neighboring,
slaughtering-houses. So It becomes
necessary at regular intervals to hav»; i
a battue. — Indianapolis News.
The franchise grabber knows an
about the highways and buy-ways of
life. :.JHiM
Paternalism In the Army.
General Corbin is so much pleased
with the reorganization of the army
upon the German model,- which has
brought him from the office desk to a
higher comr..and. that he would like to
extend the German military methods
still further and give the War Depart
ment paternal charge over the personal
affairs of army men. Particularly he
advocates the German rule that an
officer may not marry without official
consent, which is always conditioned
upon a satisfactory financial provision.
The army does not, It Is true, offer the
greatest advantages for .matrimony.
But when a young officer who wants to
marry Is obliged to consider the dot
which his wife will bring. him and to
submit his prospects to the considera
tion of the Secretary of "War, the United
States army will not be altered for the
better. They are getting .very tired of
this kind of paternalism In Germany.
—Philadelphia Ledger.
""Who owns these acres ?" asked the
stranger, as they stopped to look at a
low, marshy tract of land by the road
side. . ' \
"It's in dispute," said the real estate
agent- "I believe there's a suit of some
kind on hand now. to quiet the title."
"If they want to do that," queried the
other, "why don't they. turn a lot of
boys loose on those frogs?"— Chicago
Tribune.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. November 12.
Stmr GrMr.wood, Walvlg. 23 hours from
Westport.
Fr bark Marguerite Dellfus, 71 days from
Newcastle Aus.
CLEARED.
.-;"'.*;¦. Saturday. November 12.
Bark R. P. Rithet, McPhall. Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
SAILED.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Saturday, November 12.
Stmr Shasta, Hansen, Belllngham.
Stmr Gipsy, Gray, Moss Landing.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, Bandon.
Stmr. Mackinaw. Storrs, Tacoma.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Eel River.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, ' Mendocino.
Stmr BreakwaMr. Seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Newburgr. Anflndsen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Despatch, Weber, Astoria. .
Stmr Coqullle River, Adler, Grays Harbor.
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 12, 10 p. m. — Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
TATOOSH ISLAND — Passed Nov 12 — Schr
Alert, from San Pedro, for. BellinKham; Br
ship Agnes Oswald, from. Port' Gamble, for
Melbourne. ¦
CLEONE— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr National
City, for Ssn FrancWco.
EUREKA— Sa.iled Nov 12 — Stmrs • Arctic and
Corona, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Nov 12— Schr Chal
leneer, hence Oct 21. -r
POINT ¦ REYES— Panned Nov 12— Ger «tmr
Germanicus from Java, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco. ...
COQUILLE RIVER— Arrived - Nov 12— Schr
Sacramento, henca Nov 0; schr ¦ C. A. Klose,
hence Nov 5. • ' ' ; ' ' '
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 12— Stmr B*e.
from Redondo;. stmr Centralia, - from San
Diego. ': - J
Sailed Nov 12— Scbr 3. W. Cll»e/ for Port
Townsend : bktn Retriever. - for Port Hadlock;
schr Ludlow, for Puget Sound; schr James II.
Bruce, for Tacoma; stmr Santa Barbara, for
Kan Francisco. ¦ ¦-'
- REDONDO— Sailed ' Nov 12— Stmrs Grace
Dollar and Argryll. for San Francisco.
BANDON— Arrived Nov 12— Schr C. A.
Klose,- hence Nov 5; schr Sacramento, hence
Nov a. ¦¦¦¦,-• ' ¦ --' ¦ - ¦-.
WESTPORT — Arrived Nov 12 — Stmr : Pren
tlss, hence JS'ov 11, and sailed for Fields Land
ing
HARDY CREEK— Arrived .Nov 12— Stmr
Msrshfleld, hencs Nov 11.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Nov 12— Br
bsrk Invermark, for Portland;
GRAYS. HARBOR— Sailed Nor 12— Schr Al
len A. for Makawell. " • ¦ . •
- Arrived Nov 12— 8chr Martha W. Tuft,
from Nom». • ' >' ,
SEATTLE: — Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Portland,
for Valdex.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Not 12— Stmr Brooklyn,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KOBE — Arrived Nov 12 — Br stmr M. S.
Dollar. - from '-Hongkong;, to sail Nov 16 for
Mojt. / . — ,.
„ OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW. YORK— Sailed 12— Stmr Minne
apol 1«, f cr London ; stmr ' Etrurla, v for - Liver
pool' stmr Finland, for . Antwerp, via Dover.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr
Philadelphia, from New York. .
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov. 12 — Stmr Kroon
land. for New -York. , .. .'
BREMEN — Sailed ; Nor : 12 — Stmr Main, for
New York.- -"• : -" r ¦ ,- • .
; r GENOA— Arrived ; Nov . 12 — Stmr , Romanic,
from- Boston. • ¦. . '¦¦ . , .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov. 12— Stmr SUt
•ndam, from New York.
NAPLES — Arrived .Nov 11— Stmr Koenlg
Luis*- from New 'York. •,¦' „. ¦ ¦.. - ,.¦ • .
LIVERPOOL — Arrived- Nov 12— Stmrs Ar
menian • and ; Campania, from . New • York.- ,. • • :
Sailed Nov 12 — Stmr Umbrla. for New . York.
HAVRE— Sailed . Nov.. , 12 — Stmr La Cac
cbrne. for New . York. ,'
u- YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior -Nov- 12— Btmr
America Maru,' from. San Francisco, • via ; Hon
olulu, 'for Horif kon». . ¦ . • * t?< ¦.-¦... :
, CHERBOURG— 6alled ' Nov 13-^tmr St.
Paul, from • Southampton. ¦ for New '. York.
Memoranda.
' COOS BAY. . Nov. : - The Iwhalln* : r itmr
William Baylei. which left Unalaaka Oct. 22.
put In ¦'here, to-day ehort of fuel and pro
visions.* She ' has - on board ; 10,000 pounds of
bone and 400 barrels of oil. AH on board are
well.- and ithe ship will probably sail to-mor
now. for Pen Francisco
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 1 0 0 0 10 1 0 x — 8
Base hits 1 10 2 2 0 10 x— 7
Oakland 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 0 0 12 2 1 1 0—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases—^Ganley. Francka, Casey. Er
ror — Hoijan. Three-base hits — Sheehan, Schla
fley. Sacrifice hits — Ca»ey, Sheehan. Byrnes
(2). First ba*« on called balls — Off Fitzgerald
4. off Moskiman 6. Struck out — By Fitzger
ald fl. by Moskiman 2. Hit by pitcher—Mos
kiman. Balk— Moskiman. Time of gam*—
1 :50. Umpire — Brown.
Totals. 23 3 7 27 14 1 Totals. 31 2 7x23 14
x — Raymer out. hit by batted' ball.
Moskimnn and Fitzgerald Fight a
Brilliant Pitchers' Battle.
FRESNO, Nov. 12. — In the snap
piest game of the week Tacoma won
from the Commuters to-day by a score
cf 3 to 2. Fitzgerald and Moskiman
both twirled in fine form. The sup
port given by their teams was all that
either could ask. An error by Hogan
let in one run. Sheehan and Schlafley
picked out a three-bagger apiece.
Tacoma— Oakland—
A.B. R. H. P.A. A.B. R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf 3 1 O 1 KOanley.rf 5 112 0
£been.3b 2 2 12 0 Franks, s 4 0 112
Ca»ey.2b 2 0 0 14 Dulvy.lf 4 O O 1 O
Nordk.lb 3 O ,2 10 O Schfly.2b 4 0 2 0 5
L«ynch.cf 4 O "0 1 OiOrahni.cf 4 0 110
Raymer.s 4 0 13 4 Btrelb.lb 4 0 1 15 0
McLgh.lf 4 0 12 0lDevrx.3b 2 110 3
Hogan, c 4 0 2 7 SlByrbe.c. 2 0 0 3 0
Fitzgrd.p 2 0 0 0 3 Mcskm.p 2 0 0 0 4
d( nee of the progress being made in
those lines to warrant the feeling of
confidence everywhere encountered. Ac
cording to statistics j st issued by the
American Federation of Lai or. out of
more ;han 1000 local unions reporting,
the percentage of members out of em
ployment to July was but 1.6, against
S.I per cent a month earlier and 3.3 per
cent a year ago. Coupled with this
comes the report of the New York
State Department of Labor showing
that at the close of July fewer men
were reported out of employment in
New York State than at the same time
in either 1902 or W03, with conditions
better in every line.— Detroit Free
Press.
<:ranted that many cf the stories cir
culated relative to renewed industrial
activity have been given publicity for
political effect, there is still ample evi-
Good Grounds for Confidence.
Followers of the Scottish Pastime
I»la> Some Good Matches hi the
Public Playground.
Football and horse racing did not
lessen the attendance at the bowling
green yesterday, when some close and
interesting games were played. The
closest match was that in which A.
A. Me Vicar beat W. Stewart by a 21
to ?0 score.
Other interesting matches resulted
as follows:
Dr. Hamilton b*»at W. H. Stewart,
21 to 18; T. McXaught and W. R.
Eaton beat Dr. Gunn and Judge
Bhaw, 21 to 20: Judpe Shaw and T.
MrNaujrht beat Dr. Gunn and W. R.
Eaton, 21 to 1!*.
PARK GRi:KX A MECCA '
FOR CRACK BOWLERS
TIGERS XOSE OUT BY A RUN.
' Home run— Smith. Stolen bases — Frisk.
HuKhf-s, Van Haitren. Delehanty (2). Errors
— Gochnauer. Leahy. Freeman. Two-base hlt»*
—Frisk, Irwln, Delehanty. Sacrifice hit—
Hughes. First base on errors — San Francisco
1 Seattle 1. First base on called balls — Off
Whalen 9, oft Hujrhes 2. Left on bases — San
Francisco 10, Seattle 7. Struck out — By Wha
len 3. by Hughes 2. Hit by pitcher- — Van
JSuren. Krick. Double play — Van Buren (un.
a:al?t?d). Time of came — 1:30. Umpire — Mc-
Donald.
SUMMARY.
Seattle 4 0 3 0 1 1 0 1 0—10
Base hits 2 0202112 1—11
San Francisco ..0 0021000 0 — 3
Base hits 0 1 1 2 2 1 0 1 1—9
Jimmy Whalen flashed the yellow
streak yesterday at Recreation Park
for the first time in his life. He quit
and sulked and the Siwashes got busy.
In the llrst round they hammered in
four runs. Three more were added in
the third, and that simply broke it up.
It was a shameful way for a pitcher
to act, and the fans were not slow to
fchow their disapproval. Score: San
Francisco :*., Seattle 10.
Whalen had some grievance, ¦ and
when Van Haltren came to the bat In
the first round James did not even try
to locate the plate. Freeman popped
out, but this did no good, for Whalen
deliberately passed Delehanty. Frisk
then bit off a double to center, scor
iner Van. Then Leahy came up and
sot a base on balls Whalen showed
the real quitting signal when : Smith
stepped to the plate. He tossed him
up an easy one. The lanky youth lift
ed it over the center-field fence, bring
ing in Frisk and Leahy.
He managed to get away with
the second inning, but in round' S he
again get sulky, and this time the Si
washes pounded three more in. Had
not the San Francisco fielders given
the ungrateful pitcher grand support
the Siwashes would surely have scored
& dozen runs more. But their efforts
did not seem to do anything toward
making Whalen pitch, for he acted the
same old way in every round. The
score:
San Francisco — Seattle —
AB. H. H.P.A AB. R. H.P.A.
Hldbrd.lf 5 1110 VnHtn.cf 5 1 1 2 0
Meany.rf 5 0 2 3 1 'rmn.lb. 4 0 0 12 0
Irwln.Sb. 5 0 12 2 Dlhty,3b. 5 2 2 2 2
VnBrn.lb 3 1 0 11 0 Frtsk.lf. 2 3 15 0
"Wldrn.cf 4 12 10 Lcahy.c. 3 1 1 4 0
Andsn.2b 4 0 2 2 7 Smlth.rf 5 2 3 10
Cochnr.a 4 0 0 2 3 Mhler,2b 5 0 2 0 1
Gorton.c 3 0 16 0 Delmas.n 4 0 113
Whalen.p 4 0 0 0 1 Hughec.p 3 . 1 0 0 B
Totals.37 3 9 27 14 Totals. 30 10 11 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
The boys of the Golden Gate Junior
Tennis Club played some interesting^
tournament matches yesterday. The ;
third class, which was commenced a
n eek ago, . was won by Honigsberger.
who beat F. Easton in the finals. The
match was close from start to finish, ;
the deciding s=et going to 8-6. The first
two sets were both 6-3.
The second tournament for first class
players was played down to the finals.
Miles McLaughlin. winner of the first \
tournament, will meet Harold Getz in
the finals next week. If McLaughlin
wins the D^herty racket, donated for
this event, will go to him permanently.
The scores follow:
First class— R. Strachan beat L. Lev
inson. €-1, 6-0; M. McLaughlin beat A-
Martinez. 3-6. 6-1. 6-4; H. Getz beat
Strachan. 7-S, 10-8.
Third class— Honigsberger beat Gar
cia. 6-r.. 3-6. 7-5.
Finals— Honipsberger beat Easton,
C-3, 3-6. 8-€.
John Grace Challenge Cup — First
round — Quito beat Aeolus, S-2; Charter
Member beat Haphazard, 4-0; La Rosa
beat In Time, 7-4; Princess Savoy beat
Gambit. 14-6; The Keferee beat Carlow
Boy, 8-6; Hudson beat Quicksand, 6-5;
Renegade Apache beat Muggsy, 3-0;
J E H beat Racing Auto. 4-0; Cranber
ry Sauce beat Sir Lipton, 26-8; Rocked
Asleep beat Agile Spurt, 6-4; Kalispel
Heat Friendless Boy, 9-6; Barge beat
Galveston, 11-8; Dear Gaston beat
Eagle Bird, 14-S; Tom King beat Col
ored Lady, 4-0: Richard Anton beat
Til lie R. 8-5; Tralee Maid beat Ragged
Actor, 7-2; Rose of Gold beat The Ri
val. 5-2; McVey beat Rector, 4-3;
Belle Free beat Miss Lucille, 12-6;
Ilumboldt beat Mickey Free, 5-3; New
Home Boy beat Rocker Arm, 6-0; Po
mona beat Tralee Lass, 5-0; Tom
Hooker beat E«oc Burns. 10-8; Little
Plunger beat Sacramento Boy, 5-1;
The Duke beat Runaway Actress, 5-0;
Orslna beat Honest John, 15-9; Panoche
beat Belle Marie, 5-3; Sherman beat
Wild Turkey, 5-0; Lost Chord beat
Rich Array, 3-2; Vina beat Young
Fearless. 6-4; Grafton beat Duhallow,
5-2; VaJley Pride beat Lucy Clair. 9-1.
The Purse stake: First round — Hap
hazard beat Aeolus, S-5; Gambit beat
In Time, 6-2; Quicksand beat Carlow
Boy, 18-5; Racing Auto beat Muggsy,
12-4; Agile Spurt beat Sir Lipton, 5-0;
Friendless Boy beat Galveston. 22-3;
Eagle Bird beat Colored Lady, 7-4;
Tlllie R beat Ragged Actor, 19-1; Rec
tor beat The Rival, 4-1; Mickey Free
beat Miss Lucille, 6-0; Rocker Arm
beat Tralee Lass, 5-1; Doc Burns beat
Sacramento Boy, 13-1; Runaway
Actress beat Honest John, 6-5; Wild
Turkey beat Belle Marie, 4-2; Rich Ar
ray beat Young Fearless, 3-0; Duhal
low beat Lucy Clair, 11-4.
The prices in the long odds book
against the following dogs are: Val
ley Pride, 6; McVey, 8; New Home
Boy, 10; Charter Member, 10; Rocked
Asleep, 10; Tom King. 10; Richard
Anton. 10; Panoche, 10; Grafton, 12;
Lost Chord, 15; Tom Hooker, 15. and
La Rosa, 15. Few upsets were ex
perienced in the feature event. The
hares are strong, furnishing excellent
trials. Following are the day's re
sults, with Judge P. J. Reilly's official
scores:
The Eastern dogs showed up well.
Cranberry Sauce, Kalispel and Graf
ton won their courses In clever style.
Wild Turkey and Quicksand were de-
Jeated in the big stake, but won their
trials in the purse stake. Graf ton is
a dog of class. He led Duhallow a
length and showed cleverness. Kalis
pel defeated Friendless Boy, which
was figured as a probable winner of
the cup.
Nethercotfs dogs appear to be
overtrained. They did not show the
snap they usually do. It is probable
they have been given too severe a.
course of work. Barge had a hard
course, which injured his chance for
first honors. McVey defeated Rector
and showed he is ready. He will un
doubtedly lead his opponents in to
day's trials. New Home Boy, the Los
Angeles representative, showed much
class. He will be hard to beaL The
talent has made Valley Pride favorite
in the Jong odds book. She opened at
12, but her backers forced the odds
down to 6. She is in a good position,
but will meet a hard one in Grafton
in the second round.
One round of the John Grace chal
lenge cup, the richest coursing event
of this country, was run at Union
Coursing Park yesterday and a round
of the purse for dogs beaten in the
cup event was finished. The dogs
beaten in the purse stake will meet
also, leaving- three stakes to be com
peted to-day.
STANDlK'G OF THE CLUBS.
"W. U Pet. | W. L. Pet.
Oakland B6 42 .571 Seattle 47 49 .490
Los Angeles. 51 40 .fiCO'San Fran 42 60 .457
Tacoma 55 43 .5*50 Portland ....34 61 .358
Miles McLaughlin and Har
old Getz Are Carded for
Honors in the Big Event
Stake Has an Open Look and
3Iany Fleet Hounds Stand
Good Chances- for Honors
Seattle Hammers Seven Runs
Over Plate in Two Rounds,
flaking Farce of the Game
HISSED BY SPECTATORS
FINAL ROUND REACHED
VALLEY PRIDE FAVORITE
Excellent Sport Witnessed
in the Bun-Down of the
John Grace Challenge Cup
Seals' Pitcher Deliberately
Passes Siwashes to Bases
and They Score at Will
Juvenile Tennis Players Do
Some Clever Work in the
Tournament Competitions
BOYS PERFORM
ON THE COURTS
EASTERN DOGS
SHOW OF WELL
WHALEN SHOWS
YELLOW STREAK
HOUNDS COMPETE FOR RICH STAKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
In the French army, soldiers' are al
lowed to have gardens .¦¦ In any spare
barracks ground and grow vegetables,
which help out their rations.
45
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Trunks
and Bags
Arriving every week. Our stock
of trunks, suit cases and leather
goods is absolutely without peer
in the city. We would be glad
to show you our line of goods
even if you don't buy. Come and
.¦ ft *$%,
see us.
A. B. Smith Co.,
1 16 Ellis Street
()v«sit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF ANATOMY^
\ Cf Tfc* L»'je»t A Extcrmiul Mmeaoi in the \
0 ¦¦Jtt>_ Wortd. \fatkbe««n or »njr contracted A
O fHjtjl -P*C">H«oathet«uL E.t-i*x«rt ©
Q 55$£p DR - JOR0AN-DISIASE8 OF MEM 6
Q J (fi£ H T »««"^«it prrroxitijr nr br lettrr. A H
nrtl u& *rt«i«p«,k,rnjL««orB¥»fi
" A il BARBIAOK. k»iuO F&U. (AT
A (J (J. nloaUc b«c( lot mm) \
V On. JOBDAK A CO.. 1011 Murkf t Bt..S. F. V
k
N^Sy 330 MARKET ST.S^Sr
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
..„
rBESH A3TD BA.X.T KEATS.
¦l^ liflYHS & CA\ fB ipplD ' Butcher.. 108
• *«.• liUILJ U VU« Clxy. TeL Main 12»4.
LEAKY BOOTS AST) SKTX.XQETS.
All kincik repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
. 1176-1178 MUslon »t. Phone Main 516L
OILS.
¦J 'f\Tl\'j OILS. LEONARD & ZZIAAX
..» »iui« Mt.. £. F. Phone Main 1713.
F&lflTUTQ. .
LCBUCBUES, m*S2?a fc *
AUCTION SALES
fe £% Jfe&
AUCTION
At II a. m. on
Monday, November 14, 1904
The Undersigned will sell AT FUBLJC AUC-
TION
THE CONTEXTS OF THE OLD POLICE PA-
TROL. BARX. COft. fAPP AND
SEVENTEENTH STS.. SAN
FRANCISCO.
The following 1 , consisting of
FIFTEEN BUSINESS AND 14 DRAFT
AND ALX. PURPOSE HOH3E3. BUGGIES.
"WAGONS, HARNESS. ETC.
MRS. E. M. OONVER3E.
AUCTION SALE
*V^ TUESDAY. Nov. 15. Lot of GOOD
>-^ CHEAP WORK HORSES and MARES.
Also a lot of Wagons, Buggies and Harness.
Closing out. 114O FOLSOM STREET.
IF YOU WISH TO BUY
Or trade horses or -wngohs our
advertisers will meet yoar wants.
Bargains In to-day's -HORSE
AND WAGON COLUMN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEAK MEN
, A S13 HOME ntEATMliJT 7SZS
For 10 days' trial and approval.
fm J- « % «^r M io „ QVR PERFECTED
H/j /-JZlO1"1** Vacuum treat-
OtI IK&\\ s\ men t will DEVBL-
f3 Tt&l Mk&tl/Zra Op HEW LITE
}ft£y^2&Xr O A»D S2TEBOT
Dw' sO.b stobi: the yraE
H - QN^J'lltfS and viaoz or
E*. tut Im'J I* TrpTTTH. It ts also
Wj » H-t 5ftf '1 3 r the only positive
»H c mil or Hh\ * » means known which
gSQUAHEjfeiJig; will fully enlarga
ffltfflJUSA* !Wr Jiaj and completely de-
»nsjnBBjiii\e4r^l»ia velop the organs.
( MM PL^)ftXrr UPETHQAL MCPCATtON
Used with our Soluble Medicated Ure-
thral Crayons, quickly cures all drains or
discharges. Stricture. Premature Decay,
weak or irritable Prostate Gland, etc.
For Varicocele we combine our special
SUSPENSOEY and COMPRESSOR. Don't
fail to investigate this. Our physicians
are known to be strictly reliable and ex-
perienced specialists and cure BLOOD
FOISOIT and nil diseases of men by mod-
ern methods. . We want every WEAX or
"UNDEVELOPED man to call for free
demonstration : or write for most Inter-
esting and instructive Illustrated 100-
page book. It fully explains our remark-
able Vacuum Treatment. Sent securely
sealed, free. Hours 9-9, Sunday 10-1.
VACTTTTM APPIX4.3TCE CO* • OTftXZtiZ.
; •;•.'"¦•-.••• ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
J \Or\ Every woman admires a strong man. Every man admires a
<fev y^rf^Nlilk strong wcman. Health, strength and happiness! They
/^^^^^^Ml^^^^ are the joy of living. If you are a weak man or a weak
( W^^^^ 3^^^^^ woman I can give them to you.
Vfii^Of *kl ill if I HIilcHHi I
\ V <5v \1 or a case °* Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism,. Lame Back, Lumbago. Sciatica, any case. of
iiV V viv vs Kidney Disease (that has not gone as far as Bright's' Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, Female
ifcK>V V^ Wi Weakness, or any weakness of. man or woman, which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric
,£vHi$^y VV •.-;.-.¦ owl Belt, the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced.
i^^Sli^ Y^ v\\\^l V- Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which has
/^xPwixl K -I sapped, his vitality. Let him follow my advice for three months and I will make him as vigorous in
» $ vT^wi ft v I every respect as any man of his. age.
/ $ » 0* f .J / . ' I will ndt promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be
£ $ «; *vS //rT- >i^w .strong and vigorous. Even that man I can make better than he is; but the man who has been
if % « tJLwV^ wm[ strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as he ever was.
K sn v vcf I can give back t» any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I can stop all
J? ; \ ; • 1 J^w| drains upon his vitality in ten days. ¦'"'
«l Nfc m \ A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than
if^ x§ w \$\> \A \liwi when he: went to bed, who is easily, discouraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has
JK^ §g $b o!v^ A^S^ v^f ' ost ambition and energy to tackle ' hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. Mc-
/« i% \v\ W« Laughlin Electric Belt supplies. ... .' ;
A3 vxr w^ VSN a\w VWl Ican'take any woman who is nervous, sleepless, who has bearing-down pains, periodical dis-
/ f \? \ \Wi Vwl tress, dizzy and fainting spells, loss of appetite «ind a generally haggard and old feeling and make ;
// %» • > VV\ w8 her feel like a girl again.
,7 / , ¦ 5> V^\\l Mrg- S " C ' B * bcoclc ' Brucevllle, Cal.. says: "Your belt Is dolngr me a great deal of rood, for I am better than I have
v^ vV v\v\ ' The 'whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you
vS^J. \ v^v» .lose that by draining the system in any manner, my Belt will replace it and cure you. •
Mr Harry U. Jackson Valleton. Cal.. writes: "Althouch you are a stranrcr to me, my heart warms toward you as a «rr»at benefactor and friend, and I am tnor» than
rrateful to' you. Already I feel the vlcor of new life in my body; no aches and no pains. I wish' you every success In your work."
Letters like that tell a story which means a <great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
useless doctoring. I get such letters every day. . i
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy. I
Louise King, Commercial Hotel, San Francisco, says : "I take pleasure In dropping; you a few lines to let you know how jxeatly Improved I am since I rot your Belt. My
headaches have left me and I am gaining | n welarht. I feel like a different woman, and am very grateful to you fw all the good your Belt has done me."
I make tlie best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after
everything else has failed are my best arguments. ;<'•¦.? •* ' ~ I
Mr. Roy Burk. McKlttrlck, Cal., writes: "From the first night I wore the belt I felt new Hf© In every part of my body. The weakness wa^wfchecked Immediately, and I am
now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for In no other way could the money bring me so much pleasure."
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest or side. Sciatica in
his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. '»?."; \
Mr. J. L. Balrd of Orland, Cal.. writes: "My back Is entirely well, and I would not take $100 for my belt If I could not get another. It U the best thing on earth for a ¦
lame back." ».' *'" . '
And these "old" men, these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or even if they haven't — these men who for one reason or another
feel that life has lost its spice, that they are getting old too fast, I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth apain.
I'll never forget when Mr. A. Crawford of Pokegama,. Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: "When I wrote to you fast I
told you to send me a Belt to make 1 an old man young, and you did. I am seventy years old, and since I have worn the Belt I feel as' strong. as I
did at thirty-five, and can do as good a day's work as I could at that age." It was two years ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is
one I just got from him:
"In reply to your letter I am glad to say that I am just as much In favor of your Belt as I ever was, for It has been a remarkable help to me. I am seventy-two years old. but
I do not look any more than fifty. Affl enjoying perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have been doing right along, as I realize that but for It I should have
been dead and burled by this time."
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
Men and women 'who had tried their home doctors and every known medicine have come to me and been cured.
Mr. T. Taserchl, 121 Halght St.. Ban Francisco. Cal., says: "No words can express my feeling of gratitude to you. When I received your marvelous Belt I was fn a very
bad condition physically. I was nervous, weak, digestion ¦ was poor.' I couldn't sleep but two or three hours tn the night, my mental power was weak, though I had been naturally
very strong, and all these symptoms wers the result of a sexual weakness. Now I am well, and I am glad to have this opportunity to recommend the Belt to these who suffer from
such troubles as mine, for they will be restored to perfect health by_your Belt."
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try It? Is there a rem-
edy which Is as simple, as easy to use. as sure to cure and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not soen one. You must try it In justice to
yourself, and to those who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be delayed.
It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no burn-
Come and see me if you can. I have a private consulting room in which I will explain my method of treatment, and, perhaps, give you the names of some
of your friends whom I have cured.
w Send for my beautiful "book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. I send it, sealed, free. If you are a weak woman send for
my book, "Maiden, "Wife and Mother," which shows the road to health and happiness for weak woman. Cut out and send this ad.
Dr. M.C. Mclaughlin, 906 Market St.s7S.
Office' Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.. Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office. 105 Columbia Street. Los Angelea, 131 Sooth Spring Street.THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY.^ NOVEMBER-: 13; :.ll>04.
46
¦ HEAI. .'SSTATB— CITY — FOB SALS. ¦ !
THORNE & KILPATRICK. .
312 Bush et. - - Near Montgomery.
BUSINESS PROPERTY. ' '. .' : ,
Only ?5000 cash, Lalnnct bank mortgage, can
ramainr Misslcrs st.. '-near 'Twentieth. 40x
95; 2 large stores and 2 flats above of
ti rooms and fcatb each: : all In' perfect
order: new plumbing throughout; pa>'»
15H per cent on money actually lnvetted.
1 FACTORY SITE.
Iiiix200, two frontages; on Bryant St., faroueh
to Flcrida,' near Fourteenth.
—~^ FLATS. . I
$.000— Gclden Gate ave.. near Central ave..
two dne fiats, new and up-to-date:: 5 and'
B rooms, bath?; every room sunny; grand
view; rsnt ?«3; bank mortgage $35m» at j
C i»er cent can remain.
$<o00 — Chestnut st., njar Leavenworth, twa I
new flats; 5 and 6 rooms, baths; exeep- I
tionally well built fer a home: all mod- 1
era improvements; marine view;- rents
- $750 per year. /:» * - J
.-£'' THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL. . ]
'Buchanan st.; 2617. bet. Broadway and Pa-
cific ave<; 11 roems, 2 baths. Hnlshed con-
crete basement, heater; etc. ; hardwood
finish;' newly painted and renovated in-
side and out; fine marine view; lot 34x
1C9; cost $25,000; will be soid at a heavy
6aerlficer key at our otfice.
COTTAGE ON EASY TERMS.
In the Mission, oa Tewnty-fifth et. ; corner
lot, £9k1UU; 5 rooms and bath; every-
thing ln Cm-class condition: price $2150: j
monthly payments If desired; built by j
owner for a home. s
FOR A DOCTOR. •
Modern residence en Geary St., feet. Van Ness !
ave. and Franklin; II rooms, finished !
basement . with heater; lot 3uxl2O, run- !
ning. back to rear street; epecially plan- j
ned tor us« by a physician as office >
and residence; $16,000.
BUILDING LOTS.
Grand Downtown Subdivision.
$3500^ — North side of Green st., west of Van ]
Ness ave; 27:6x137:8.
$C000 — We« side of Van Ness ave.,' bet.' Green j
and Union: each 27:«xl01:7 4-5.
$3500 — South fide of Union St., west of Van j
Nefs ave.; each 27:0i:137:B. •
$02^0 — NW. cor. Green and Van Ness ave.;
27:6x101:7 4-5.
All of the above lots are level and on grade. |
surrounded by elegant modern improvements: <
several fine residences planned to be built on
lots already pold ln this block; all street work j
done and acceraed.
H&uO— Cor. Dolores and Duncan at*.; 20x8O. '.
SPECIAL. ;
$2250— Including computed *treK work; key
lot: 25x102:6: on east line of Leaven-
worth St.. b7:0 ncrth cf* Chestnut; sur-
rounded by elegant new improvement*; j
' cheapest lot ln the city. •
BUSINESS CORNER. ' :
IXinwtown. south of Eddy: 77xW: only $42,- j
500; certain to double in value. ;
Improved and unimproved property In all parti
of the ctty.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. .'¦-*
312 Bufh tt. >'::¦:.-;
SHAINWALD BUCKBEE & CO..
1'IS and S*il Muntromery »t..
Mills Huil.lin..
MARINE VIEW.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
Overlooking the GoMtn Gate. Twenty-jev-
inth ave..<iorth of Lake jt. . These lot* espe-
cially adactctl for homt«, beins H7:« it. wide •
by a deiith of 120 feet; price *13no each: ca*h I
or terms; street work and sewer compleud.
Agent on land fuiir»vf to show lots.
13.500— Ellis-st. corner: 50x30 feet; positively :
the best bargain offered on this street.-
$15.0C0-^-EIIts *t.. near Polk: substantial im-
provements; lot 27:«lxl20 feet to rear |
ttreet: fine lnveitraenu
$7,C0O— Shrader *t., near Carl: 2 fine new
• flats. 5-7 rooms and bath: just finish*!: j
t-very modern convenltnce; rents $60 peri
month; both flats leaded: lot 25x100 feet; j
an exce&tior.al bargain.
\ f 10.730— Leavenworth ft., near Washirjrton,
larpe two-story ana basement hcute of ,
about IS rooms: beautiful marine view; |
ideal location fcr sanitarium: large lot, |
tST:lttl37:<; feet; exceptional chance to
buy. as the rrlce Ik remarkably low.
$C.00O— Shrader st., near Golden Gate Park
Panhandle: residence , Just finished: j
every modern Improvement; 7 rooms and .
bath; lot 25x100 ft.; very artlsUc. ;
* • ¦ ¦ ¦ " v . " ¦ . 4
$25. COO— Beautiful marine view residence ! on j
Washington st... near Locust; thorourrh-
• • "-ly modern in evtry:' resp«st: contalnln* \
all up-to-date conveniences; lot 55z
127:SVi feet., - ' . :.
POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
CP.EAM OF THE PANHANDLK PROPERTY.
¦ SITUATK ON COLE. SHRADER. GRAT-
'-¦--' J- TON AND ALMA STREETS.
• FIR3T SUBDIVISION. '
Streets and lots graded, macadamised and
sewered: every lot rendy to build on. For
further particulars, prices, etc.. Inquire at our
office. Special inducement' offered to builders.
$17,000— 2d-rt corner, nr. Harriiti'n: 70xO5 ft.;
fine site for modern business building.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sal*. "' • ¦ .' ;
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery ft.. Mills bldg. .
OCEAy VIEW " "
KL.KCTKIC K. B.
£¦¦ |«-S: hj" : — : — — TT3
gi'iis-i-ls £ £ g g V
PLYMOUTH AVE. 7
THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
City Office. 320 Bush street.
_
¦ -
B. GETZ, TRccm 22, Chronicle bids
OWNER . and . DEALER."
Finest Graded Ocean Beach Block on Sale
Between 47th and 4sth Avenues.
Lots ¦> Gradtd and Fenced '.'.!. Grass Bottom 1 1 !
$100 up...... Ekgant View Easy Terms
$100 to $350. .Ocean Heights Lots!!! $5 a mo.
$350 to $1200. i-ar.su Heights and Boulevard
Lota.
Richmond Dtrtrlct Le^-el Lot*!!!
Graded. Sewered, Gaa, Water. ... Easy Terms
$300 to S5CC. North cf the 1'ark Lots— $5 a mo.
S150— Excelsior Homestead Building Lots.
Best and Chc&pext in City — $5 a Month.
$100— Ocean View Level Lots to Build— $5 ma.
! $1000 to $3C00 — Cottages and Houses on Terms.
Call at ray office, rcom 22, second floor,
ChrorUcle. Building. . .
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
Buy a lot In the city of Richmond, just
i across the bay. where the' Standard Oil Cora-
! r-anr. Santa Fo Railroad and. other big car-
I porations are spending millions cf Collars.
LOTS UNLY ?5 PER MONTH.
Call, for m«n, free. ... - ¦
RICHMOND LAND CO..; Crocker, bldg.. 8. F-
FOR xale— Good income proof rty, ; north * side
of Howard -itt..: between Eighth «hd Ninth.
THE NORTH AMERICAN . -. REALTY ft
-BOND CO.. room 61, Columbian buldg. •
SOME MORE SOLd7~~ . . '
$125 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREBT. NO TAXES.
Choicest lots. Excelsior Hdtaestead Tract;
letel ae a billiard table; oa grade; close to
fine school and • Mlsslbn-st. ; elcctrte cars;
bcur.d to double ln value. ¦-*.-" . . -
; "; ':" : $10 per : raohth, , no ; taxes, fine* !o!s; near
Ocean Boulevard: best, residence location
south of Golden Oatt Park. Get th* children
ene for Christmas. -^
W J. WHITE. , !
Jo Montgomery st., r. 8.. Phone. Mala 9704.
6 UNIMPROVED lota for sale; gas and city
water; level; grand view;. drained by creek
which -runs through' property; large, gum
trees on each lot; . f 430; ' take Elghteenth-st.
car, get off at switchback. Inquire of parties
working., on foundations of • new bulldlngn,
Sunday. -, Ownerr . r. . .
$2600— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath r 27th St.:
$S00 cash ¦ down ; ¦ two flats ; - most ' be - cold ;
almost finished." -3297 Mission st. '
KEAL Z8TAT.C — CITY — POS r»AX.B .
. ¦ ;
$6000— RENTS fCU PER MONTH.
Fcur new separate flats of 4 rooms and bath
ca<h; medfrn in every respect: large lot Mx
100 ft.- Mission warm belt, within half block
pi tht" Twenty-fourth-st. cars; pays 12 per
cent per annum. .
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Price only $5000; Eddy 6 t., near Pierce; 2-
stury bouse of 8 rooms and bath; new plumb-
ing throughout; lot 25x137 :« ft.; on car line.
OAK-ST. PARK FRONT LOTS. ,
Two lots 25x137:0; on Oak St.. between Cole
and Ehrader; splendid lots for flats; price
tWOO; owner anxious to sell; would make
terms easy; may trade for other property.
PRICE *S200— RENTS $C6 PER MONTH.
Lot 27:6x120 to rear street: on the north
line of Fulton st.. a short distance west of
Van Nes» ave.; 2 bouses of « rooms each on
Fultca Et. and 3 flats of 3 rooms each on
Ae- ave.
$S750— THREE-FLAT BUILDING— $S750.
Something hard to obtain in tbe Western
Addition; 3 fiau tor less tnan $ll.twO; we offar
u Hats or 5. 0 and O rooms and bath on lot 2ox
1Uj:3 in a dssirable renting locality in West-
ern Addition; vicinity of McAllister and Baker
sts.; rents ?iiS per annum; price $87^0.
$3300— RENTS $^C0 A YEAR— *»00.
Two flats of 4 acd 5 rooms and bath each; In
good condition; lot 20xia7:«; on Pine St.; a-
tint little Investment for your meney.
BRANCH OFFICE BALDWIN & HOWELL,
' Corner H st. and Seventh ave.,
Sunset District.
Headquarters for Property North and South
of the Park.
Agents for Paraaseua Heights, from First to
Pewnth aves. and irom H to Pernassus ave. A
pcrlect re»:<2«;nce site.
$14(,U and upward — Beautiful residence lots
in this oli-triet facing Golden Gate Park;
bitumi nixed streets, cement sidewalks, flna
lirw; e'egant, homes going up rapidly.
HOW — Chclce home let* on -'1st ave.. en car
tine and fronting Golden Gate Park; $150 cash,
$10 per menth. Only a few leit. See them
tO-'''*}".
«fcv-S-"CO— Hoolevard lots between M and N.
feeing the ocean; ?0O cash, $5 per month.
j-'.'.o and upward — Grard rcarine view lots on
Kutro Height* Addition, adjoining Sutro
HtiRhts. Golden Gate Park and the Pacific
Ocean. Th; most beautiful suburban residence
tract in this city. Nothing to equal It on th j
market. Handy to three car lines. Your own
ttrrr.s.
$75 and upward — Lots scattered throughout
th.? Sunset and Richmond districts. It pays
you to ca!! on us before buying a lot.
— 2 beautiiul 0-room homes; new, mod-
em and ur>-to-date: t^rms.
$54w— Two colcnial . residences, elegantly
fin. shed: 7 rooms, eoclal hall, flnlshed base-
ment, etc.
$«i00 — Two colonial residences, well " built
anJ of modern architecture; on the choicest
a\enue of Parnassus ilelphtf. 28-feet frontage.
te» them. Yo«:r own ermf.
We have cottait«s and houses of 3 or more
rrx.ms from ?10C*0 upward. See us. Our
phaeton and salesman always en hand to
shew >ou around.
Cell en HAI-DWIN & HOWELL,
Branch Office.
Corner H and S.venth ave.. Sunset.
VOX RHBXN HEAL ESTATE COMPANY.
5W CALIFORNIA ST.
515.OCO— 30x100; TolS. near Washington; In the
beyt pectlr-n of this rapidly growing business
street; old inciTOvemer.ts.
fyfx*_27:CxiOO; Steiner. near Union; 3 modern
fiats, renting fcr $S0 per month.
£9O0o — hoc Asfcbury. near Frederick: 30x100;
modern colonial residence.
?S2.->0— 25x125: Clayton, near Frederick; well
built modern residence, 10 rooms and bath.
$7500— 72x107 feet; will subdivide: corner Lake
¦ ar.d 11th ave; cne of the most desirable
¦ corners en Presidio Heights.
j<jO«y>— 27:6x137:6; Jackson, near Hyde; first-
• class location fcr refWenee or flats.
f20,000 — 51:3x120; cor. Sacramento and Steiner:
Improvement? consist- of ¦ cottages and flaU
renting for $132 50 per_ month; itreet work
accented.
•37J-.0 — 30x117:0 to rear street: Valencia, nsar
25th; close to the depot of the S. P. R. R.;
best business locality In tbe Miision.
$23.5Cf — IIS feet on Market st- running through
to Church: the very cheapest buy In this
locality; suitable for store or. flats.
$50.000 — *O:8xl37:<5: north Hoe of Bush 'st.,
near Maton; ! lipprovernents consist of a
lodging-house renting for $150 per month.
$S£CO — 50x122:6; Treat ave.. near Twentieth
.st.; six 4-room flats renting for $75 per mo.
HAWKS & EKELTOX.
itcnts Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
' . Property.
I12.5C0— Three new flats near Haight and Ash-
bury: modern every way; 6 stems each;
rnortraF* >GW>0 at * P«r cent can re-
main: rents $1200.
$10,000 — North side. Jackson, near Buchanan;
pood house of f> rooms and 2 baths; lot
25x117. to rear street.
$S.500 — North side of Valiejo. near Polk;
good house of 10 rooms; cc«t S12.00O to
build: may be altered to flats profitably;
' very fine view of bay; lot 43x170.
$13,500— Fine house: I^eavenworth, near Clay;
9 rooms and bath; laundry in basement;
building In first-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$6,500 — Octavia, near Broadway; good house
of 7 rooms; nice view of bay from front;
bar* lot is worth the price; 25xl:i7.
$8, CCO — NE. corner of Lerkln and Lombard; j
29:15x110; has xuperb view of bay; street :
work all done; neighborhood growing
faet.
$5.400 — In&lde lots adjoining above; *27xX10;
Hyde-»t. cars clo«e by.
$7,000 — Lot SW. corner Larkin and Lombard;
25x105; fine view of Golden Gate from
side and rear.
HAWKS & SKELTCN, 323 Montgomery st..
LOTS tlO PER MONTH.
LOTS *10 PER MONTH.
LOTS *10 PER MONTH.
PRICE $350 EACH
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
CASTRO ST. ..-;-.;. ,-
DIAMOND^ST.
GLE * DOUGLASS ST.
M". SURREY ST.
CIlltNERY ST.
SEE THESE LOTS TO-DAY*-01". HOUSES
BUILT AND IN COURSE OF CONSTRUC-
TION- ON- 1 HIS TRACT. - . - .
WATER MAINS LAID. STREETS GRAD-
ED. SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED. ALL
READY TO BUILD ON. ONLY A FEW
STKPS FROM THE CARS- CONVENIENT
TO STORKS. SCHOOLS AND CHURCHES.
TAKE GITEKRERO-ST. CARS. GET OFF. AT
CHENEHY AND CASTRO STS. . REPRE-
EENTATIVE ON GROUNDS EVERY. DAY.
RIVERS BROS.. a» MONTGOMERY ST.
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
Corners and inside lots ¦ in block bounded
by 4Cth and 47th aves.. C and D (Fulton)
sir., half blcck from the Fulton-st. entrance
of the park. 2 blocks . from the beach and 3
blocks from tl;e Cliff House. The*e lots are
sheltered from tbe winds and . offer all .the
aurjictions or.e can desire. The city has ap-
propriated cut of this. year's taxes funds to
open up Fultcn Et. frpm Its present terminus
. to the ocean, and when this is done these
lota will more than double In value. No
better speculative property to be found >n
the city; you con buy them < on easy term*
from us acl deal with the owners . direct.
Interest 0 ikt cent,, Our, representative Is
on the srrourid on Sundays. Take Cliff Hcuse
car (O'Farrell-st. line), get off ct the life
saving station and walk cne block east. The
block is fenced. and has our signs on. .
WEISSBEIN BROS. & »CO.. Ownsrs,
CIS Sacramento fit.
IF you wish to buy a lot, or If you want a
home built to be paid for. with the money
you are now wasting for rent, don't fail to
call en us: we can place you In any locality.-
have a great variety of lots, and you will
get a equare <!eal: can give you all the ref-
erences you want. • i '-¦
WEISSBKIN BROS. & CO.,
HOME PROVIDERS,
tilG Sacramento at.
H. B. POEHLMAN* Realty and Insurance,
804 Montgomery st
J13.50O-T-FINE LARGE CORNER: -.WELL
IMPROVED: good Income; near 2 car lines.
£6230— MISSION ROAD, near BRAZIL
AVE.: 150x83:6; street ' work complete;
growing property."
fSOOO-^WILL TRADE FOR EQUITY IN
LARGEn PIECE; 4 nice sunny - lots; 24th
st. ; very near cars.
V>*H0 WANTS THIS BARGAIN!!!
Cozy : cottage - of three rooms and lot. 25x120.
Only $500. Tens* same as rent.
1829 Tenth ave....... ..:..... .Sunset District
: „-. B. ,-GETZ,- room .22. Chronicle bldg.. ; r-
$2750— LARGE 8-room house, 47 Arlington St.;
. could be made Into flats with - very - little
expense; near Mission aad Guerrero «. cars;
$1750 mortgage can stand. D. COFFIN, 2528
Mission , st., . near Twenty- first. :?g$g2S8JlKBGBl
We A week now; ' buy} and ' make ' a * hundred
before Christmas; - fine for homes. ODELL,
73 Fourth i *VW3BJBI9&ti&BSBBBBBKXBB&i
REIS Tract, level 8-9-10-11. block 43:* $200
each: long time. DONALD F. EMERSON.
721 Folsora et. .
JOliX P. SPRECKELS PrgJHJElg!: j
Address Communlcat^jns to
JOHN McXACG I1T . , . . • • Manager
\V. J. MARTIN Business 31anagcr
TELEPHONE.
A»k fM- THE CALL. The Operator Jl«l Cca-
cect Tou With the Departiatnt You Wish-
PubUeatiMi Office Market imdTblrd^. F. j
fc^itcrial Rooms 217 to 221 6tevensoa st. ,
levered by Carriers. 20 «¦• **«" . T %J t - '7* i
CM. P»r Month. Single Cop»e« 5 «¦•
Tenr.« by Mail. Including Postage tCash With j
DAILT CALL (includ. Sunday), * * e * r ' •'*! 2°,
DAILY CALL Unclad. Sunday). « mos... 4. w ;
::AILT CALL— By Single Month «« i
ST.-KDAT CALL. 1 Year -^
WEEKLY CAU* f TeiVfeiS
FOREIGN /JuTdaV. 4-W P« YK^ Txtra
POSTAGE. 1 weekly. 1.00 Per Y»ar Zxtra J
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED!
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
EaKplo Cesies wlU be forwarded when re-
quested.
JIaU sTjbscrtbers tn crdertnr cbaege of i^
<re«s <«fcoui« be particular to give both NEW ;
A^TD OLD ADDRESS ta order to Insure a j
rroirpt aad correct ccmpUance wlta their re- j
«aest. n
OAKLAND OFFICE; ._,
1016 Broadway Telephone Mala 1083 I
BERKELEt""oFFICE:
S14S Cnter Btrect Telephone North T7
WASHINOTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL X7. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOSK JfEWB STAKDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brenuna. 31
Unioa&juar*: Murray HU1 Hotel; FUth-aTenue
Hctel and HeSntaa House.
CHJCAOO NEWS STANDS:
Ckerssan Hcase; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium ;
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette BuilSIng. :
(Lecg Distance Telephone. ••Central 2tl». I
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN B. £MITH 80 Tribune Buildiag ;
rTEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square j
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call. !
ccratr Market and Ttlrd streets; open uatll •
12 o'clock every eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market etreet. cppctite Fifth; open until ;
11 p. rr.
tZ7 Sfonvcmery street, corner Clay; epea until ¦
9:Z0 r ¦ rr..
ZAM He yes street; cpen cntil 9:30 p. ts.
C33 McAllister street: cpen until 8:30 p. a.
tlS Larkin street; cpea until 9:80 p. xa.
I9C1 ilifsien street; open until 10 p. a.
ZW Eleventh street; open until 9 p. mi
1CW6 Valencia rtreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Cburch end Duncan streets; !
open until 8 p. ra.
22C0 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. ra. j
BEAI. ESTATE — CITY— FOB SAX.E.
SAGi;. DKALY it CO..
P.eal Bstatt Agent*. Houses Rented.
R<RL< Collect**.
CSS Market St.. Oip. Palace^iotel.
$24.000 — Rente *145 per mo.; lot *ffiUrJ:« feet
on Gutter- rt.; well Imsroved: mcrt- •
ga.ged Icr Sll.OCO; must be sold inune- j
blately.
$20.000 — Downtown holdlnr oa Folrtra st.: let i
UtxKZ It.; we!l iinprox-ed; renting for :
*2C5 per month.
$2C.00(i — Gcugh tu near O'Farrell; lot 33x |
137 :C teet; improved with residence of '
T~ rocn-.s: larj;e dancing hall, billiard .
ruom, f_rr.a. *, inlaid floorc, etc. ; b:av- ,
lly mcruraeed; n:ust be sold.
$:C,OOt> — Geai->' »t-. nr. Webster; lot 55x137:6 |
it.; improved with 2 10-room houses;
hlrh basement; restir.; fcr $1200 per
vunna.
$15.00(< — Bedaecd from $17,500; S modern fihln-
Fl«»d :rcnt fiats of 4-5 rocms and porce-
lain bv.h*: lot £0x137:6 ft.; beautiful j
er*FS Lawn: Dencj&nently rented at .
*:-.-'. ."¦¦ :*r roc; mcrtgage $*000.
$S,CO0 — 50-vara ot-rner on Lairuna and Chest- i
nut .-•- . bank murtsage of >4500 can '
rerr^.in.
?7,5C0 — U rnc^f-m flats in the warm belt of
the Mission; <» rooms and porcelain
Leth; rtnUn* for $72 50 per »e.; thor-
oughly modern throughout.
57.50C — t-olscni rt., through to Clementina: '
nominal inj^rovements. renting for S30 i
-~j*r mo.; let !<»> tt. in depth; holding*
sf ::•...« r.ature almost impocs'ble to find, i
>' ¦¦¦ — 2 :•<-¦.••.::¦.:: fiats of 6-7 rooms and ;
{jcr^elaln. baths; built on 3d- ft. lot; p^r- •
irtnently rented for $55 per mo. : mort- i
i.;.-'- of (5500 caa remain; owner will ¦
exchange in V'art payment for improved I
cr unin-.tiroxed iiroiJtrty ln Oakland; til- |
usted in Western Additicn.
$7.500 — Dowrste-wn corner en Harrison «t. ; !
etcre acd ccttage.
$7. OCO— Beautiful »-roon-. residence on Mr A!- :
f'.rt.r et.; open rlumbi/tg, porcelain [
tubs; neir old -i escloned Sr*-;> '.n.r*.
wooden mantels; ideal hctne; eunny and
A'-erfu!.
$U,«)0 — 5o-ft. frontage oa Harrison, nr. a
corner downtown; nominal Improve- j
rr.r :-.:*: renting for $4*0 ia-t annum.
fC.OOO-3-2 desirably fitcated bulldlr* lots en j
Van N't* ave.; untt]irats»d marine ,
v:».w; no reasonable offer refosei.
$4,700 — Harrifon rt... nr. 4th; 2 modern fiats j
nf 5 ricni each: 10-ft. ba^emtnt; new,
HI II I.I 1 foundation; rent low et C<2 DO •
p*r month. » ;
$i.4<*— Jetfslejit.; nr. 7th: lot 25x75 ft.; 1 «- j
room he-use and crttsge of 3 rocms in!
rear; rent* $:>0 per month.
SAGE, DEALEY & CO.,
'-'¦; Maiket St., cr>xv Palace Hotel.
z=z . .
HEATXJCAKTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do tou reaiixe that the growing city of Eaa ;
Francisco has cc:y : small area of ¦
Ocean Beach? . ._.: ,.
A«to3SiI!n« rrlces win be obtained for lots !
fretting the ocean in near future.
We offer tb» only rraded lots fronting right
ea boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000 — Unobstructed oc*an and park
view. Lots oa eary tents. None like
them in this city. Selling rapialy at I
our low prices and terms. Poa't
xr.iss this opportunity; set <
them to-day. ,
fldO to $550— Near park and ocean; ti montfcly.
G«: c3 car at out Orcan«ide Branch Ofnce on
corner H st. and 47th ave, ooea daily
and Seaday.
1300 to $1100 — Cboirt.'t Surwet and Richmond i
lots. Oa InsUHmects.
$100 te $4O0— Level Exrelzlor Homestead' lots, i
sear cars; $5 nujntbly.
tI2B0 to S30T0 — Mc«>rn cottages in Huaset. '
ElcLmoad. Oc*cDsid« an-l ifU-ica: !
*a*y terms.
EOL GETZ «. SON. Owners and Deaiera.
I'.ocrr. U. fourtl) Cocr. Chronicle b'.dz
LAXDCPERF, MacNEVIN & JONES. i
SS4 Bush et.. bet. Keamy and Montgomery.
$23.500— Pix »w«ll up-to-date fiats on a rcutb- I
west comer, ti block* from Market an 1 '
Ha>e« ttfc. ; rented Herman* ntly at r»i5
p«r rcouh; cUarc* for speculators.
O'FARHnLl--ST. IKVESTMEST
*17.0tX>-Lr:t 5WM fee; wttli r frcntagw; with :
»mj rav^in^et*: rrnting t-xtrtvr.t !y law j
ca^iDS 14^^ 11 '^^ j
ca rrtnato. ____
PEH3IAKE3CT INVESTMENT !
JU.^OO— Rei.i $UZi i^r annum; 5 fl it s rco(1 . ;
thls_ at oucv.
SPECIAL SPECIAL. SPECIAL. - \
tlt.CG)— 6-uth«iu ccrrer in swclleet portion i
rt ! Saeanjt nlo st.. with 3 handsome mw i
? f «^ -* '¦ ' rocirs •n'l bath «ach"
_^ rent $lu- net month. *
«^l tPr 'Lf TW IjCt ® nauIa : "tore and two !
fiats abox-e: near Hayes and Laguna ,ti |
,, -^ . ATTENTION. BUILDERS
$1.000— Level and ready for building: street '¦
macadansHted and «we r work T flniVhed- i
S? rt ,w"i 4e Ct Mth "*•• ~*» of Church:
Mxm feet; south side filing for }t§n \
LAKDGREBE. MacNEVIN A JONES
ZS* Bcsh st.. bet. Kearnyaad^alon^t^-
A SPLENDID LVVESTMENT-fHO ~PER
r ,*-,,« TRONT FOOT. • FEK
Lot 40x100. en suaay tide of Howard et 50
fett north of Fourteecth; la Mission wara
0 .^ «° Win<li: * t » x * a < ii * location for
4 fists and 2 stores; as aa lacome Investment
it wculd pay owner as foUows: 4 flats wil-l
rtrnt f or *=3 per month each. 2 stores $10 per
month each, making a total income of over '
* -' yi T**r tnontii. . :
G. THirrLETTON. 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
OCEANSIDE cottage: a bargain; neat 4.room
cotta«e en Fcrty-»lgbth ave.: lot 23x114-
I1S00; flOO cash, balance like rent. '
W. N. BrSSELL,
301 CaJlforala St., San Francisco. CaL
FOB sa!e— Bargain: northwest cor. ISth and
Ccltingwood st*.: etcre. 3 living rocms, flat C
rooms, bath: stable acd wagon-sbed; tlz* of
lot 2gx75. S<e owqer.oo the premie es. "
$5000 — CITY heme to exchange for Oakland
property. Box £<7. .Call cfice.
HEil, r STATE — CITY — FOR SAIiB.
•J H. L'MLSKX & CO.. 3) Mccltomery tL
AUcniON
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of investment, resldeuc* anJ tinlir.proved
properties \5-lll he held Tuesday. Nov. 15, 1304.
at our laltfrfcm. " l j Montgomery it., at VI
o'clock noon.^
ESTELLE K. Dl'ilONT ESTATE.
E*«cutor'e Eale.
Subject to eenfirraarton by the Superior Court.
221-3-5 Turk Et.. 67:0 west of Leavenworth:
improvements consist cf 3 houses of 6-7-9
rooms and bath each: rented npmlnally for
Zinz io per month: ». :< s.rfiJ holding to Im-
prave; bank mortgage ..f $l(,5U0 at 6 per cent
caj» reaailn; lot 5ox>-7:C.
M. McKENNA ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR SALE.
I77» Fifteenth St.. bet. Valencia and Guerre-
m; Improvements .ftnsift cf two-story dwelMni:
of 7 roonv and bath; let ioxlOJ; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
SARAH RYAN ESTATE.
Administratrix Sale.
509 Cartro «t.. between ICth and l<th: !m-
prorements consist of a bay-wiruiow cottac«
of 6 rooms and bath, brick foundation. ¦ etc. ;
lot 23x87:6; subject to confirmation by th; Su-
yertor Court.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
140S McAllteter St.. north line. bet. Pierc*
and Scott; Improvements consist of an elegant
and substantially bulit residence of 15 rooms.
bath and servants' room, etc: large grounds,
garden and lewn; nlc*lr situated: lot 55x137 :«.
RICHMOND DISTRICT PROPERTIES.
No. 1.
«83 7th ave.. near C st.: new cottage of C
rooms and bath; nicely finished; rent $25.
No. 2.
804 C at., near 7th ave.: new cottage of 7
rooms and bath; nicely finished; rent $30.
Ko. 2.
60O and 602 C st,. cor. 7th ax-e.; two new
fiats cf 9-5 rooms and bath each; rents $5t>.
No. 4.
T43 C et.. bet. fcth and 9th aves.: new mod-
ern cottage of 7 rooms and bath; rents $30 per
month.
No. 5.
732 C St.. bet. 6th and Oth eve«.: mod-rn
dwellicf of 7 rooms and bath; rents $3J per
month.
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTT.
2917-18 24th St.. bet. Alabama and Florida;
Improvements consist cf a two-story building.
containing store acd flat of 5 rooms; rents
$37; let 27x104:0.
MISSION COTTAGE.
1330 Tork St.. bet. 25tb and "-ith st*.: Im-
provements consist of a bay-window cottaK*
of 6 rooms and bath; lot- !MxlO0; bar.k mort-
gage of f S00 at 6 per cent 'call remain.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
406 30th St.. bet. Sanche* and Noe; lin-
provetntr.ts consist of a two-«tcry hay-window
dwelling of 8 rooms and bath: lot £5x114.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office.
- - G. H. T'MBSEN & CO..
20 Mnntg-omery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO. 20 Montgomery St.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$40.0y0 — Rente M5S) per annum; an elegantly
bui!t house, confuting of 12 apart-
ments of 4 rooms and bath each, in
one of the be»t renting sections of the
Westrra Additicn: the owner l:av!ng
spared no expense in making thi? a
. choice invertraent; large lot, T>0xl37:<V
S30.0CK>— Rent* *144o per annum: clcse to
O'Farrell and Taylor Fts. ; improvements
consist of three 2-stor7 dwelling*; a
splendid holding to Improve; with mod-
ern buildings; lot 45 feet front.
$1C,000— Rents %'10o r<er annum; six nicely
constructed flats near Duboce Park;
new and modern in every particular;
bay windows, brick f jundatiens, etc.;
lot 33:CxlJ0.
$12,00<> — Rent* fl230 per annum; Guerrero et.;
thr*-e in'-oorn fl^ts of «>-7 rooms and
bath each; lot 25x130; bank mortgage
fcf jWk.o can remain.
$11,000 — Rents $1230 per annum; make offer;
Page »t.. near Central ave.; three hand-
scmely arrwinted Cats cf 6 rooms and
bath each: Uit_ KxlffJ.
$10.500 — Washlncton Ft.; a choice comer: ."Ox
137:6; splendid location for apartments
or fiats.
J3.75O — Rents ?102O per annum: Dolores et.:
two gocd buildings, containing four flats
of 4-5 rooms and bath each; rented low;
lot 50x125; a snap.
$S,250 — Rents ?S13 per annum; Waller St.,
near Scott; new modern flats of 8-0
rooms and bath each: well finished.
$3,000 — Rents (*V) r>er annum; near Flllmore
and Vallejo Sts. : two modern flats of
O-7 rooms and bath each; lot 25 feet
¦ - front.' -
54_5O0 — Reduced, rents $076 per annum; near
Fifth and Folsom ets.; four desirable
flats of 3 rooms each. In perfect or-
der and steadily rented; lot 25xSO: bank
mortgage $2230: fill W l*^f P«r c ent
on "equity of $2500.
$3,500 — Castro eU. corner, close to Seven-
teenth St.; improvements consist of a
cottage of 5 rooms and bath, very, pret-
tily finished; ample room for another
building.
$1,750— Fair Oak« St.; two desirable building
lots for residence or fiats: surrounded
by chclce residences; 25x125 each.
$1,100— Biake St., off Geary; cottage of 5
rooms; lot 25x110; a erau.
For further particulars of the above and
fcr the Real Estate Record, containing a lict
of properties for tale In all parts of the City,
apply at our office. : ¦- ¦ z-
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
, 20 Monteeinery St..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
EPECK & CO.,
20!j Montgomery st.
g e lji U g Insurance.
Losing. Rents Collected.
*10 <aai — Vicrnity 4th and Folsora sts.: two
frontages; «aixlC0 ft.; pays 6 per cent
net: a porchaee with a future.
$20,CC0 — 33 ft. comer, close to and north of
Market fct_; a new fiats; an excellent in-
vestment proposition; income ?25S0 a
> ear.
$13,500 — Splendid corner on FoSsom st., close
in. with gocd Improvements; present 1 Q -
come $l£iti: lot 25x00. •
$13 2C0— Now flats best part of Richmond dis-
trict clase to Golden Gate Park and 4
ear Un#s: rents *137 So monthly; **50U
bank mortgage can remain; lot 48x120.
$11 500 — Pine et.. eaet of Taylor: an especially
desirable property with good improve-
ments; there is little offered for sale in
this neighborhood; no mistake ln buy-
ing this; lot 25x137 :C ft.
$0 5^0— New Western Addition fiats (California
rt.): rented at *M month; pleasantly
located and a good buy; lot 25x100 ft.;
$1000 bank mortgage can remain.
$9 00O— 70-ft trariness cerntr on Mission St..
la the Mlnston. with substantial and
good improvement*. mores and ' flats;
steady income pn-ductr; ' T 5 month.
«7 "OC 1 Two new flats in Western Addition
fPine «.): these are desirable; rents
$C0 monthly : let 32x1(0 It.
RESIDENCES.
$11 000— Beautiful modern bouse In first-class
condition; II" rooms and -bath; billlard-
room: finished basement: sMect neigh-
borhood; lot 25xlC»»:3 ft.; alao many
other desirable residences; descriptions
uncn application.
upon «. CHO1CE U3TS
«-»5 000 Snperb corner, I37:«xl28; finest resi-
denco site in the city; unsurpass.-d
marine view.
«13 j#o F'ne lot on 11th st.. near 50x
. 200- no reasonable offer refused.
H.5O0 tach for v»ry cbc-lce lots la Richmond
district, close to main entrance Golden
Gat« Park- on four car line*; nothing
bef.cr in vicinity.
SPECK & CO..
2O) Motitromc-ry st.. orP- Mills building.
W B. McGERRT & CO.. -;
»-0 Bu'-. st.. Mills b'Jild:n£ (Ground Floor).
$l""c<X— Mlsslon-»t. bu!ir>f*9 property. Inside
' 19th- lot 40x83; 2 stores and 4 Hats;
1ir*t-cla«« bni'.ding; fine condition; grand
bur; rents $livw a y«-ar.
«!«. i«v_ j&cks..n. irtida Fillmcre; 0-rooui
bouse end bath; lot 5CxU>7:«« f.ne for
*el«rt ei>attint.r,t hcu=c.
15 COC— Minna st.; 2 ftr.c Lay-window flats;
lirick foi:ncat:on; 4 and 5 r»jcms anu
- fcath; new pluuibir.s; lot 25x75; rent*
$11 OCC— EKis St.. close in; Jot 23xl2l>. to rear
street; C Bass, 3 on Ellii and 3 en rear
— Etr*«l; very choict rroi>«:riy und u
fine barrain; rents $12«i.
S4W— CHANCE ta set a «ocd bargain cheap;
Mission Pats all In good ordir; make offer.
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery tt.
POINT ' RICHMOND LOTS-
BUY. NOW..
Efjt Bargain on the Pacific Coast To-day.
Fastest Growing Toarn in the State.
LOTS LBVELl $5 Per Month
McEWEN BROS., IIS Mcntgxmery st.
$rX»3— FINE LOT; Sacramento st.; all ready
ie- building; level; MUST BE SOLD.
McEWEN BROS... IIS Montgomery «t-
$OTiCO — COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath: Vermont
St.. crar 2$th: bargain. Box BS1. Call ofnev.
E. H- LANGE & CO..
20 Montgomery it., room 23.
$6,€50— S25-S27 Cole st., between Frederick
and Carl; 2 new modern flats, 5-0 roomi;
lot 25x100: cheapest (flats ;in' Western
Additicn; ccst of building $5000; rent
$17,000— Vallejo st.. nr. Hyde; 9 small flats,
4-6 rooms each: lot 83x137; rent $153
per month; always rented. •
$7.750— Harriet at., near Bryant; 8 new flats
4 rooms each; rer.t $S1. ¦' '
• E. H, LANGE & CO..
20 Montgomery at., room 23. ,
SANTA FE- Tract, Greater Oakland. : i
I will meet my friends on tbe tract. 65th-tt.
ctatton. "Key Route," to-day, bet. 1 and 5
p. m. ALEXANDER MACKIE. S. F., Agt.
street: old improvements. ¦ *
6-ROOM modern cottage; $3000; 1-3 down, bal-
ance easy terms. R. E. NICKEL, 1908
Woolsey st.. S. Berkeley.
FOR tale— 3 - colonial houses, 0 . room*. . bath
aad basement; beautifully finished, up to
date aad sunny: east side of Tenth ave.. Dear
. I rt., 6unset- Hallett A Gee. oa prtmises.
BEAI. 2STATE— cmT—TOK SAM. I
DAVIDSON* 1& LEIGH; 207 Montcomety »t. |
Real Kst»te Agents. Phone Main 1-J- I
' Kents' collected. ¦ Opp. Mills bid g. entrance. I
LOTS. !
$123 oer front foci; eacriSee: irrand b»- t
rice view resldente corner: Presidio
Heights: OCxlOU: a beautiful residence
cite ¦ at exaeedingiy-low price: •
$SOU— 25-lt. Ic;» on CortlanU axe., sunny
. sidt: all level: almost- given away.
¦ .near Mf;sion-*-t. - cars. ;
$M0O— Central MlEsica warm belt! cheap lot;.
27:L'xli5: Ideal fot cottaga hcme;
. .worth $rcca ¦
$1,600 each— Claytcn St.", near Panhandle:
choice sunny lots, 25xl-«; on grads;
street work done.
$1.900 — The cheapest let en Gclden Gate
ave. ; 5Sxla7 :o; cheap at $25t«-
$2,0-JV— .\"«ar Itn.'st.; lot 23xi;0; tensnieats ca
. tbis lot will wji^.12 aer cent.
- SPECIAL.
$10,CM>— Baker st... at .Part entrance; the fin-
est site for hich-class apartment house
in the city: 54x112:0: all the carriage
travel io tht Park- entrance passes di-
rectly in front of this elegant lot; less
than $2W) p*r foot.
INVESTMENTS. FLATS. ETC.
$500 cash only — 2 brand-new cottages, near
. - 2ih.h and Valeftvia: tt rocms. baths: very
cozy and .uietty; *11 late ideas and im-
- provements; lots L'OxlOO; sold on small
rash payments: \rry easy terms; others t
built to your ulans on same terms;
prices from f&W/O ia $3300.
$2,250 cash— Kents $7U per « month; $4000
mortgage can rcrr.aln at 0 per cent: 4
fiats cicso to Golden Gate Park: noth-
ing betttr than this on the market.
$3,300— Keats $422; 25.it. lot, with 4 modern
tenements; near 4th and r'cls^m; nice
street; we can. loan ?2U5O on thl» prop- >
ert3\ which wlil cay cvtr 20 per cent. ,
[$5,500 — lnride Websttr •... nrar California; 2 I
tine modern tlats, 4-5 rooms, baths and •
all late equirmtnts; 25-tt. lot: let alcne ,
worth fully $:tO0, and building could
net be ducllcatrd for $0CuO; positively
a bed-rock bai train.
SPECIAL.
$7.750— Rents actually »U72; only $2750 ca*h )
wanted: cays enormous Interest en the ;
money invested; big lot, with U elegrant j
s new tfatp only - years, old; hljrh base- •
mtnt could be finished eff Into '£ more !
tlats; $50CO rcortgaf e at a per eent can
rtrii.ain; easy walk from Kearny and :
Market sl*.: no carfaH; will sill this ;
actually at a barcaln. .
$11,000— Rents $1440: A beautiful new flats of j
7 roon.s each: on extra laree lot: In '
most »<j!eet Kfrtion «f. Central -Western !
Adiitllun; business complications compel J
an Immediate sale of this at a Facrl- •
flee. • , . i
$1C,OCO— hents $103S; C handsome new Cats.
. 4-5 rooms, baths and built by day's
work; clo»e to Duboce square: these
are thec^. j
$31, CCO — Elegant business corner en 3d st., '
elore to Mlasiun; o!4 building* now |-ay j
*l£i<n annum: - brick building on this -
would brtng^very large Inoome. j
S45.COQ— Ollt-edged- business corner, 75x90; in- •
side 6th «.: "2 blocks frcm Market: 5 s
stcres and araVtments above; should b« '
reniftdeled and enlarged; lessee- offers
double pre»ent rent of $33C0. -'¦¦,->;.
Several 'fine investments ln this location
not to be advertlted: Inquire about
them. !
Get otr ll/t of flats, cottages, invest-
ments, residences; vacant lets, etc., for .
sil#> In all i>arts cf the cltr.
DAVIIiSON * LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE.
HEAI. KSTaTE AOE.VTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, lSi". !
30 MoM^omery st Opposite Lick House
$40,000 — Corner «>n Octavia st., near Sutter; ;
flats renting fer over 9 t>er cent; lot ¦
U!x*7:C.
$18,500—2 fine new Jiat» on Washlnrton st..
near fine park; * and 0 rocms and bath;
rtnt tlttSO per annum.
«20.C«0--rowei: »t. bg«ine»s 'Dnmerty: to-fnot J
front, runr.inj thruuch to rear street; •
old Improvements paying $1260 per an- \
' nan: tine proj-erty to improre. •
$10,750 — faite. St. ; 2 u|«-to-dats flats, G and 7 .
roon.s and bath:, annual rent t'JCQ. ;
$6,0pO — Store and Hat. 0 rooms and bath !
above, on Oak St.: rent $G3U Mr an- j
aum; this la worth looking Into.' j
$4,00O-^-Bryant st., near Third; modern flats; j
w»ll rented; lot 2Sx.tO. '
f 4,250 — Leavenworth st.. In choice location: <
lieu »e o.f ti rooms and bath: lot 2-:tx«0 j
feet; rent $3Gf».?er annum.
$S,C0O — Fotaom M-. rear Second, north side Of I
ptreet; larirc lot and house of 13 rooms.
$3,100^-Harrison Bt.. near First; house rents
•IS; let 2OxCS:«.
' '. ———LOTS —^—~
• $4,100— Fllimcre St., near' drove: lot 25xlO7:«.
CHOICK INCOME PROPERTY.
$5,000 — 'J modern flat*: & rooms and bath J
each; near Market and Guerreru ats.: I
rent $&t'4 vxr annum. j
,$5,000— Two fine 1st*: Beulah *t.. near 3tan- I
yai: 50x137 :C -j
$2,450— Ia* 15x125 on nne »tre*{, near Du. !
boce Park and Steiner *t.;'flne lot for j
flats; sll new Improvements on the ;
block. : - ;
$1.97' — Harrison rt.. near 2Sth: fine cottage, i
. C rooms and Lath; lot "5x1 io: cheap. j
$4.5CO- : <;hatUp.oo€;» n.. near Twenty-third; 1
large lot. U1t'17:6 to rear street.
. $3.0nr*— North Beach lnveitment; 4 flats; rent
K-04 per antium: large lot, 40 ft. front,
on Bay. M. . -t- Vl. •
Lota 27:6xl37:C on Setter st., between Sttlner
and Pierce.
Building Io'.f. NE. corner Golden' Gate ave.
«nd Bwker.rt.; In *Iz*» to suit: prices
s from $2oco Pi<w»rd,
/ . MADISON A BURKE.
30 Montgomery bt., ojsp. Lick House.
CM. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market St. j
$4,000—1% blocks from Market and 4th at*.!
. surrounded by 6 and 8-etory buildings: 4 '
good, nats; renu low, *4S0; the Und !
alone is worth $*CCO. This is cne of the I
big maps that is very seldom offered ¦
the public. .' -_,t •
$7,5C0— Extraordinary bargain: the* biggest!
snap ever offered: on Eddy et.. near i
Flllmore; .3 elegant bay-wlndcw fiats. !
B. 7 rocms and baths; rents $7eS; we!
reeumtnerxl this. property as a big bar- i
gain on which a sure turn can be made.
$i,0tA— TVo well-built front houses and rear
house; on Eureka st., near 18th; large
Jot, 50xi:5. ..... . . .
I6.CC0— 4 fats. 7-4-.1-.". rooms. and baths; one :
blcck from new Pastofflce; key lot from ¦
7th St.; rents . $6€0; .lot .25x75; has a 1
Wj vajce. ¦ j
$3,500 — 4 flats, 4 rooms each; perfect condi- '
tlon: always rented; pays $420; lot 25x75-
. near Eighth at.
$4.C00^-3 well-built 0stn' and bara. will hold
8 head of hcrses; near Market and '
Sanohez *u.; the lot, 25x114, is alcne i
worth $25Ct». This is in exceptional:
bargain; and with a. little improvement
would sell for J-t'COO. Splendid growing '<
district. "^ " 7 . j
$10,500— Handwme residence en a Larkln-sf :
«orn#r, near California ; 25x100; could
readily b« Ten^cdeled into store and !
flais; a great _opi«rtunlty. -' i
$3,S<xi— llod-rn up-tc-date Hi -story ccttage 6!
rooms and Uath: on Henry «.. near Noe- i
large lot, 30x115; beautiful climate; no
winds; no fogs; grand panoramic view!
of the city. j
X7.CC0 — I well-built flats, 4-5 rooms;" always •
. rented; pays $816; lot 21x113; on Capp st. :
$7,250—0 well-built fiats of 5 rooms and bath '
renting ¦ for $3fi4; on-PQWell «.; lot
C_M. WOOSTER CO..; 64S Market st. J
WHITE & BAYLET. ~~ ~~J~Z j
" ' "Saccesser to' W. J.- White. '' I
$20.000 — Chinatown corner, 3-story brick base-
roent: 4Dx.1T; reats 122*1; comparatively new !
$13,000—3 elegant modern flats, brownstooe :
b»«e; Baker, nr. McAllister; rents «12C0. : I
$2Z5u — New . Modern cottage, A rooms, bath I
- monteU- brick fouadetion; ln Mission;. terms :
$870 — P.ulldlns lot on 15tb av«., nr. Pt. Lobos' i
$o7."»— HulKlr.R lot; Mis.: block- cars; $50 down'
(325 — Bullillns lots; Mis.; block cars; $25 dotvn* !
"See our ad under Country Real .Estate -
86 Montgomery at., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
TO INVESTORS. . ~" r ~~^~*~~~~ |
¦' ~~~
' ".--•'¦ - ' " ' I
Fof S3!i— A bloclj of land In San FrAncUco
for -«5%<00, which can be subdivided- and nofd
fcr luo.iAsO; streirt work and sidewalks all done -
tfcitH8. : . - . ' ¦ . -< .
W. S.UARLOW * CO.. Real Beta te
_¦ 950 Broadway. Oakland. . '• ,''..¦
LOTS, 25x120. on 41atave.; near' K St.; on 110
monthly payments s no taxes, no Interest- th«
. only Installment lots In this location; close to
G. G. . Park and ocean boulevard C F
. MOORE, »27 Market St.. room 303.
FOR sale--' 1 Tne House : Beautiful" • .only lone
left:;it wlll'bay. to see It. 657 Clayton st..
¦ 3 .blocks south of Halght; owner on nrem-
, lses. .-; ' j> -. . '
MODERN eottage* of 4 and 5 rooms; on terms
. same ; as re6t. ' Apply '•> owner," lumber '-yard,
¦ : corner. Army, and Condon sts. -.'
BEAi; E3 TAr^~CITT-rOB 3AXJ.
i vr»v i iintr' ' 110 Montgomery st.
L^d f; r H our' printed IK U of property for sale
In all sections of the city-
ivvruTMFVT NEAR TOWN.
& *K .{GSM iluftr «ut»»t-bc»«.
Mission car.
INVESTMENT ON GOOD STREET
Iscd; Dcvlsadero, near Hajght.
CORNER REJILENCE NEAR ?, A ?. K n. c e-
?:«^>-Cr.ttaBe of 5 lar K e rocms and bath ' nxe
lot. assuring plenty of sun and light- l*^*
from Golden Gate Park; must wU! owner
leaving town. ' "r
CORNER INVESTMENT NEAR PARK-
$l«.tiOO-Rents ?1725: a fine <«"'' r^ a '" J".
side two years: 5 natt. * of 9 rooms tnu
bath: P'«fy "ew» of the gurroondlag coun-
trv; see thjs at once. , _<-_..
545i;>-?750 cash; brand new cottage : •> «£»
and bath; artistically finished: terjot- «^
all day: excellent surroundmrs. - J'' 0 "*
south of Halsht and Scott: a cha*ce to se-
cure a hr»me on easy terms. , ,¦_.-• ..-_
$550O_s P lendld home in the M 1 " 100^-"^!!
bweni^nt and attic residence: » roorns and
bath; net air furnace; Urge ™nny j rooms
extra weil built: day's wort* charmlns *i«*<
overlooking new Mission Park: owner about
to leave city and determined to sell.
51.1.500— Pacific Heights stctlcn ; el-gant resi-
dence of 10 larre rooms ami bath; mofltrn
and ln first-class condition: b»autlful garden.
eonr.rcf«n<i!« grand marine view. ,
... LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st. .
$1400. TO $2250. . .
$1400 TO $2200. . ' D E>nSADERO ST. '.
ThorsitKls «f dMIa^s have Ict spent *~radinjg
the new tract two blocks south of Uaisht ana
DevlsaCero 5t. . , _^
The streets have been sewered, eraded ana
bftuminlxed ar.il accented by the city. >
Tbis tract is charmingly situated: UUpro- .
tosttd frcm the wicd by Buena Vista Par* on
tha wen exd Duboce Park lies directly be- j
low It.
The view* cf the city and lower bay are
¦uperb: the lets «r« large, moetly SO feet rront.
th«« »e»ur1ng an abundance of light and sun- i
Please ncte the low orlces; lot on an . ac- j
c»ntrd street, within ten minutes*' walk cf ;
Haisht enrd Market *ts.. and a choice oeigh- )
borhowl. too, Fx cn!y $70 :,ir front foot.
THF.V ARE GOING FAST.
aa sold to date.
In order to improve th» property and giye it
a character, a number of artistic hc^ies have
been built by the owner which will be sold at .
absolute cost on very easy terror-
How to »t there— Take HaJgM-st. car to
Devlfadero or Fcn;». walk two blocks i^uth. ;
I. YON ft HOAG.
118 Montgomery st- . •
1100 CASH ZZI * 10 mo> * thlt^ '¦
$550 to $050 each— Btautlfu!. level lets en
10th and 11th aves.. between J and K «ts.. on.y
two b.'ockt from Golden Gate Park: streets
graded, macadamized and sewered; fine views
overlooking park and ocean: see this block at
once; talues are as *ure to Increase »--«re as
San Francisco 1» to Krow; it will be ycur own
fault If i« a comiiaratlve short time ro-* s»«
th«-*e lots worth a grrat deal mere money and
some on- el*« making the money: the terras
are si eaiy there Is no excuse fcr you: don t
neglect this opportunity, but see v the Und at
ence.
l.TON & HOAO.
11C MONTGOMERY ST. r^- -j
GOING FAST. goisg FAST
Only S lots /left !n Panhandle block, put en
the market 3 weeks ago; low prices are selling
ihlei proi-erty so rapidly In this the ".ast cf the
Panhandle blocks; best lots to the city for
residence or investment; no ether property pa?s
so well when improved: only cne business lot
left; Jim think 20 lots sold in 3 wwks; be
quick . or ywj will be left ; block bo-jnUed by
Halsht Waller. Claytcn and Anabury.
LYOX & HOAG.
116 Montcomery st.
BURNHAM A MARSH CO..
211 Monutcmery st.
Buslner* Property— Business Property.
SACRIFICE! SACRIFICE!
$75.0)0 — — ¦
North of Market at. : very close to retail
bnstnttx property; large lot. 40x137:6 and
the Improvements are a 5-story brick build-
ing, one of the best built In the city. The
present r«nt is $5«0 a month: very much,
.lower rent than surrounding- property. Ten-
ant makes all repair*. Investment is dowa-
' town and pays over 7 per cent net and has
¦Kood future • besWes.
$11,000 :
Rent $160.. a month: 60 ft. lot: 1-etory
building -on business street: iwcured lease.
?75.000 1
Almost new 5-*tory brick building; well
built; only 1 tenant and secured lease for 10
years; pays 7 per cent net.
fSCOO
Cash, balance at 6 per cent; store and 3
floors. 1 block from Union square; pays S per
cent net.
FLATS. FLATS.
$S75/> ¦
Z n*w flat*. 1 block from Golden Gate
Park; rent $47 5C a month.
$38.1*0 ¦
Rent $255 a mcr.th: Post St., close to Jones;
rays over 7 per cent net.
$25,wo :
Rtct $254 a month: on Sutter st. : large lot.
$12,3C6
4 flats on 12th st., near Mission; rent $37
a month, and targe lot. .
$2S00 — — — ;
Rent $26 a month: close to Harrison st.
$1CCOO i
Rent $107 50; flats on Geary et., east of
Hyde.
$13,000 ;
Kent $122; 4 and 5 room*; fiats always
rented; close to Webster St.; In Western
Addition.
Pays Over 12 r«r cent.
$475ft
Rent $49 a month; close to Bth st.
A Few Gocd Investments.
$3CC0 — '• — -
Rant $32 a month: bcuse and large lot,
27:6x137:6; on Ktarny st.
$60CO . —
Rent $4.1 and only part Improved: 40 ft.
frontage: off California st-, near Powell; 2
fronts rea.
$3X)O : !
Rent $30; Folsom ct.. near 13th.
$7000 1
Ccrr.er ISth and Church; lot 75x104; will
sell in 3 lets.
$55.CC0 — .
Rent $4«i); 23 apartments; close to Hyde st.
$250« : .
Rent $25: 2234 Greenwich, corner Steiner;
2 fine fiats, 4-5 rooms; see this: terms to suit. I
$35eo — — !
Rent $21: Lombard «., rear Polk.
BURNHAM * MARSH CO..
2U Montgomery st,
HOAG & LANSDALE.
Its Montgomery Street. .
TWO ' ARTISTIC HOMES.
TWO ARTISTIC HOME3.
TWO . ARTISTIC HOMES.
Ju»t finished; on the corner of Parnassus
and .Willard Bt,: 5U-(cct ci>rn*r»; 9 rooms and
bath. To leck at them is all r.-e ask. Take
Kills-? t cars and tranrter to Masonic avenue
at Cak (L Agent win b* en !;and from 10
till i o'elcck. Price. *s500 and $SuOO.
BUSINESS CORNER.
On Drumm St.-: old Improvements; rentin-
for $51; rrlce' fl2.CC8; must be sold. A turn
1b this eiroer.
MISSION HOME
Cn'San Jofce nv«nu». In best block- 9 rooms
and 2 baths; bit lot. 37U feet front; price
MISSION INVESTMENT."
'Ncrtheait. corner «n Minna s»t. ; lot 25x90
feet; staro and flats; rents $32 per month-
price ?CCCO.
MARINE VIEW KESIDENCE.
Modern resident a on 45-foot lot. command-
ing magnificent view of tbe entire bay thir
I*, without question, the best marine view
r<.»!dence for tae price; particulars at office
Price 519.C0O.
North side of Lombard St.; bet Van Nes»
and Franklin; lot 3O*l.t7:0; price $30 per
foot; strcit wcrk finished.
. See •Fifth an.d Sixth aves.. against the
Presidio wall; grading Is done, and bitumen
«trelt work being done; get first chclce ln
this beautiful crooerty. * . . '
Send for our Hit of Cne building Iota in ali
pane of tfctf rflr. ' *
HOAG & " LANSDALE,
Montgomery Street. S. F. '
"7 ."-: ' SNAP— FOR SALE ~~ "
•; Let 5J)xlCO: price ?«X»; Felton st. between
Saa Bruno ave. and GirarJ at.. Saa Francisco.
inquire owner, 511 Broadway.
MODF.RN well built csttag*; 7 rooms bath
large basement: nfee yard: cUse to park
and four car lines. See owner. 223 Third
avenui. • t •»¦"««
8-ROOM flat for sale. 21S Moulton st.
$1400— TERMS If d-flred: SS-foot front- block
of 1Mb and Valencia; street work complete.
The Dolaa Co.. 1607 Market, opp. FraikUn:
A $2000 HOME built to «utt you, lc« Included,
any Iocs tlon. en $125 per week. Muraai
Hcme Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
?>_ltSA_r. So'-ATT — CTTT— -POK 8A&B.
""$l-"V>0 — COZY home near park: 5 large rooms;
large basement, servants' room, fine brick
mantels, conservatory.- stable for auto; large
! lot; all pood as ne-w; 3 rain, walk from 4 car
[ , lines: cwnsr leaving city; cpen to-day. 12 to
J 4. fc5O Ninth ave., between B and C.
__. _ - -
• NORTHEAST comer for sal»> — Fine lot. BOX
t li*>: ttable. .barn, corrals: title guaranteed:
$~U#); make offer. JULIEN SMITH, Real
Estate Agent. 42s> Montxomery n.
1 NEW 5-racm residence Just completed. See
owner. '25 Seventh ave.. Richmond. ¦%¦¦
$ZZOO— NEV/ 7-rcom cottage: uv to date; loth
av*.. Sunsjt'dtitr.ct; must sell. Box 860, Call
' MODKEX bathrocm* Cited up: estimatea.
Ah!bach A Mayer. Plumbers. KM Howard st.
IIOL'SES built chtap; plans free. Builder.
4."i(J Parrott bulldic*.
¦ HEAL ESTATES-CO U Si TJiY—rcr Sal*.
! WHITE A KAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE:
EXCHANGES. .
LODI. LODI.
The town tiiat. tas the "SNAP" to it; the
' section that has the most fertile soil tn the
Kan Joaquln Valley: fine road*; water tran*-
*°We are subdividing a chclce tract la 10-acre
lots- only 2>-3 mile* from town; surrounded by
modern home* and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich black, sandy lean 12 feet deep;
schocl on the tract: $75 per acre. Thi» wiU not
last over 30 days; first come, first xtv*4. Ad-
Joining land sold for $125.
$.S5uu — Close to Napa City; 30 acre* rich.
level land; 35 acres- in orchard 12 years oli:
1 good S-rccm house; large barn, windmill and
i tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horsea, cai-
f tie; farming tools; good furniture; fine laccrse;
: $1SCO— Close to Hebaatopcl; 10 aeres toy land:
1 4 acres bearing prcnes. berries, garden; 3 acres
young apples: half cash.
$500 -lows- ICO acres and use Of 40 more; 2
miles cf postofflce: in Sonoma Cfcunty; rolling
land: H acres vines; orchard: finely fenced,
building alone cost $20CO; bouse T rooms; bam.
wsgon-shed. poultry- scuses. yards: X500 ecris
wood; tome stock; furniture; prise I-V.O.
$400 down — JO-acre dairy and poultry rusca;
2 good dwellings, barn, poultry-bouses, taeuba*
tor; « cows. 15 Angora goats. 2 horses, boggy;
tools; 10 tens of hay: only 1 mile ct town; ta-
vestlgaxc «julck: 42G0O. •
$550O— Only 1 mile or Haywards; SI aeres
i fine land: 4 acres bearing orchard: eac<S»rn
bouse <J roeir.s and bath; finest barn ia county,
alcce ccst $1C«; Una view; tMj i» th* beat buy
ln the vicinity. •
$2550— North «f WatsonvlUe; C3 acre*, t acres
full bearing apples. 8 in grain; Cs« berry
patch: 40 acres timber: ficrwing stream: P-room
hcns«; large barn and granary: water piped to
buildings. We hav« a choice •election ot fruit
and grain rancbea at reasonable prices la ta-»
vicinity. S«e a few.
J2»X>— Oose to.Petalunsa. 1 mile station; 10
acres rich loam: family orchard; anoonf beau-
'¦ tiful oaks; modern cottage. 5 rcems, bata;
I good barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse,
cow. yj i,-r.*_ buagy. etc.; win add 12 acr*»
adjoining If desired; »«e this q-oick.
* I 'A (.<".• — Clo»« to Geysernno; £6 acre* rich
Russiaa Riv»r bottom; great hop lan.1. or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetable*: 12 acres Tine-
yard. 12 prunes, 23 acres Cne alfalfa; large
eew barn. We effer seme of the finest farms
in the wcrld la tila superb section; Jtt us
drive you around.
$2500— N«sr Her land; 45 acre* rich land; 12
acres pean in bearing; family orchard; good
house and outbuildings; well fenced: Investi-
gate this.
41500 — All level. 10 acres. 2 mr.es cf Calis-
' tcga; small cruhard; gocd house and sara; 2
: wells; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per a=rt— 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up: half ca«h.
$50 v.t acre — Near Lodl, en the Woodbrii*»
: canal.
$5500 — to acres, all tillable. No. 1 sell; rans-
' ily crchard; mostly in grain: «-room bcuse;
good barn, windmill, blacksmith afcep. pooliry-
I-.ousm: near schocl; fine team: Jersey cow.
pigs laying hens; tools; wagon. 2 bugg^a; all
, furniture; ckse to Santa Rcca.
$2710— Foothill ranch cf ICO acres; near
. Clayton: SO acrvs fine plow land; house, good
barn: family crefcard; terms.
$17CO— 25 acres." clcs* to CalUtcga; adapted
to vines and tr»-e»; family orchard; cozy 5-rooin
' cottage: good barn: fine water. -
#400 down — 5 acres good land, with new.
; hard finished ccttage of 5 room* and bath:
: large brooder-house. 2 s Incubators, brooders; ail
I farming tools; near Petaluma; price $20uu.
I $« per acre for sandy loam land, slightly
j rolling: 3 miles west cf Petaluma; In tracts
i frera 5 acres up. We wish to call special at-
¦ tentlon to the choice homes we have in the vj-
' cinity of Petaluma and want to have ycu
drive orri with us and see them. Photcs at
this office.
$2^00 — 25 acres, half rclling and balance
¦ level; near Santa Rosa. 3, miles of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard; vineyari; crrrk. Z
' we!l9; nice cottage 5 rooms; large ban;
fenced into 4 fields: 5- poultry-ljouses, Urgs
wire netting ya,rJs». 150 laying hen3; good hcrs%.
1 3 cattle: spring wagon, to» buggy; 4 teas hay;
easy terms.
$2500 — lt> lots at Corte Msdera ; 4 minutes
from depot: log cabin worth $'.<•«». fine shake
cabin; stable; fine suburban honw: easily worth
$0T5CO: net and cold «at«- throughout; modern.
$2320 — 34 acres, near WataonvilJe: 2t*> apples;
' 6 acres fine potatoes: 2 acres timber: balance
grain: 5-rocm ccttage; barn, outbuildings-
$1200 — 10 acres In v!ne and fruit belt, near
• Lodl- sandy loam; 5-rocin hou« and bam.
$25C0— Near Santa Crux. 6O acres rich alluvia!
i soil: 8 acres orchard, mostly aprles: 10 acres
• grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room bouse,
> barn. :
S«nsJ stamp for the largest and most dlversi-
; fled printed. list oa the coast.
WHITE A- BAYLET,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE. j
S3 Montgomery st., rocas S.
• Property Exchange a Specialty.
I $23. CtfO— INCOME $CCO0; Merced Coanty:
122 £-10 acres: 80 acres pemch and grapes: 6
aeres alfalfa: 17 acres grain; 105 acres un-
der irrigation; modern lo-rooin house, with
gas and all conveniences: new large bam;
i sulphur and fruit houses and all equip-
ments of a well ordered orchard; livestock,
poultry, farm Implements, etc. Included;
bouse on gentle slope, commanding magnifi-
cent views; one mile from town. R. R. sta-
tion and school.
! LYON A HOAG. COUNTRY DEPARTMENT.
119 Montgomery st.
i NICS. INDEED — One mile from Haywards.
Alameda Co.; 19 acres of very fertile land;
6 acres of fine bearing trees; 1 acre vine-
yard; gently rolling; big windmill and tank-
bouse with 2 rooms; elegant • modern house*
of 9 rooms: new barn; chlcken-bocses. chick-
ens; 2 horses, wagons. imp!*ments and rich
j household furniture; exceptional barirain be-
caose of landlord's old age; tht Und atone
worth the price. $7500.
! RIANDA & CO.. 627 M:*tgomery St.. S. F.
• $500—10 ACRES of choice fruit or »tn* Und:
wculd also make an ideal poultry ranch:
nicely locat?d: close to sccooi.
$2CGC — to acres- choice table grape land
near the town of G«lt.
$150 cash rent — 140 acre* well Improved;
half bottom land; San Joaquin County.
Address box IS. Gait. Cal.
|
I SALE cr exchange for city property; sacrifice:
; 15J acre*. Napa Co.; 60 acres la cultivation;
Irult. virHs and grain; fully eq*.rij»ped and
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's horae.
SHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st.
$15CO — HERE ts a snap. You pay for tbe house
: what «t !s worth and yoa get the let. 25x15>j,
free at a local station across tbe bay; store
and 2 liVir.g rooms below. 0 living roenrs
above. Box 4Jf>, Call office.
BERKFLET — Hoqfte'to lease en large corner
lot: 12 room*: every convenience: abundance
of tre«» flowers, fruit: best location; near
! College ave.; near electric line: rent* $100.
Addrcs* J. S. B.. Berkeley F. O.
.FOR rent — 160 acTes 'grain land In Mariyosa
Co. and 30 acres alfalfa land ln Fre*no Ca
I Apply to W. J. BENNETT, owner. 3 San-
born r.ve.. San Jc«e.
, $4CC0 FOR a lCOO-acrw stock' ranch In Soncm*
County: house, barrs. plenty of water and
: wood: fine. for hog raisins. Pt C. LASSEN
*CO.. 460 Tenth at.. Oakland. CaL -
1 JSCO — SNAP: bargain in Madera County; ICO
acres of fine level cultivated land: sell or ex-
change; only c3?red for a few .!>vj. C F
MOORE. "J27 Market st.. room GiO.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKER3!
Send pcstal fcr catalogues of the best lani
, bargains in California. C M. WOOSTER CO..
. r. i b Market st.
FOR -ale — ff> aeres alfalfa or fruit land: tn
part or whole: $CX> per acre: 3 miles fwa
town: g*:e<i reasons for selling. P. PICK-
; HARXiT. Modesto. Cal.
SMALL ranch, cheap; ycung apple orchard;
jjoci: water; close- to. school. 4*3 23lh st.
40 ACRE? vineyard land. Los Gatos. Apply
i 8C9 Ycrk st. •
j A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— Tne Weekly Call.
I« paKca. In wrapper, for rani: ing. $1 per year
SA3T 3XATS O E2AL ESTATE. -
LOitlTA PARK— On line of SAa Mateo alectrla
; ears.' 45 minutss from Fifth anJ Market st*.;
; outalde the fog belt end Just beyootl where
the S. P. Co. 1 * bay shore "cutoff* w.'i Jola
the main line; ftu-foot leU from $440 up;
unns osly $10 down and $l» a month; sewer
ana water pipes in troat of every lot; par*
artesian well water; 17S lots sold aiao*
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a let la this desirable sectloa: tak* ta«
•iectrle ears and <> get oil at "LOMITa
PARK" and investigate; ma^a seat «A a»-
CUcatlca.
SJCL3Y. RODGrRS A COt.
Tel. Main gTS. tig California st.
Unf9 lotl ln !Ua M ««>. MW ««pot,
$350 each. Box 4S«, CaiL - .THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 13, ¦ 1904.
47
BERKELEY ADYEBT^'XTS
BEHKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
** BERKELEY.
Population November 12 • 20,140
Visitors November 12 - 23.WQ
THE COMING METROPOLIS. 1*
FAIRVIEW PARK.'
The Prettiest Part of This Beautiful City.
OUR RECORD.
Opened for sale October 15. 1004.
Sales to date. 52 lets In 30 days.
And the buyers know what they are doing.
Lots 50 feet frontage.
Street work all done at sellers' expense.
Sidewalks and trees planted.
Electric cars cn two sides of property. ¦ ; J
— —^— i
Most of lots 3 feet abeve sidewalk.
Only one-<juarter cash, balance cne, two and
three years.
Take a ride to-day and sae the wonderful
growth of this section-
Make your selection befcre prices go up.
Maps and other Information can b« had on
the grounds, at my office. Berkeley station, or
421 California St., Saa Francisco, between 12
and L • I
JOSEPH J. MASON.
53OW — S-ROOM house, almcst new; larse lot.
50x160; lawn and flowers now growing;
on Benvenue ave., near Dwight way; this
is a fine home and one of the best resi-
dence districts.
$3100 — «-rocm cottage, high basement: lot 40x
135; Oxford St., between Vine and Rose;
terms.
$3250. $^300. $3730—3 new houses, 6 rooms
each: clone tn and bargains.
4 acres adjoining the university grounds at a
bargain.
Lets in all parts of Berkeley for sale.
R. A. BERRY & CO..
Pcstoffice Block, Berkeley. .1
JUSTER & BAIRD. ~
$2550 — New 5- room ecttage; terms.
J.iiin — 3-rocm cottage; convenient.
$3000— New e-rocm house; easy terms.
$.'i,vo — 6-room house; clcse to train.
$3730 — 6-room house: fine location.
$375O — 7-room house; a bargain.
Ji'M) — S-room heus«; lot 10trxl25.
$47:0 — 9-room house; east of Telegraph.
$47SO — S-rocm house; North Berkeley.
S4S0Q — 8- room house; Piedmcnt ave.
We also have fine residence lots in all parts
of town. Including the Fairview Park Tract,
Hopkins Terrace. Berry-Bangs.
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137. Shattnck ave,
ALBEE «c CORYELL,
SPECLVL BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
$l,ll*>. S125O and *15OO — Several large lots
centrally located; excellent view; near
electric cars; Berry- Bangs Tract.
$600 to $500 — Several very desirable lets
with fine view; Hopkins' Terrace Tract.
J4.50O— Eeaotiful lot. cor. Warring. Channing
and Piedmont ave.; 50x130; best view
of bay and hills; a real bargain.
$LSO0 — 5-room house: large bam, windmill;
lot 3Oxl33: east of Shattuck. near
I>wisht way station; a snap; easy
terms.
$4,5<tt) — New house, 9 rooms; south frontage;
near Key Route.
Best business corner In Berkeley; we have It
for a few days at ?30>> a front foot;
*•>:<! building on same wtll pay 10 per
cent net on Investment.
$14.000 — Fine business property; centrally lo-
cated: paying good dividends; win in-
crease in value. .
Other business property. many r-sidences
and residence lots. weU located, at reasonable
frices. We are always pleased to show prop-
erty, and are at your service by appointment
cr otherwise.
ALBEE & CORYELL. 2139 CENTER ST.
KERE ARE BARGAINS IN HOUSES AND
. LOTS.
; $450 — Nearly aa acre; high ground; fine view;
within a mil* of U. C
$623 — Lot 4,->xl30 feet: paved street; near Key
route; terms easy.
$725 — Nice corner lot; 50x100 feet; both itreets
paved: near Hlrh SchooL
$35O ta $1500^ — Choice lots tn Berry-Bangs
Tract; all street work.
$2000 — Four good "building tots: paved street:
near tn; snaD fcr a contractor.
$1350^ — Nl«-e. modern. 3-room cottage, bath,
pantry: paved street; terms easy.
$2000 — Good 5-room cottage; corner lot; paved
streets: fine location; near in.
$2650 — 7-rocBi. two-story house, not eld; larse
lot: fine "location; east of Telegraph.
$3TS0 — Good 7-room house, nearly new; corner
lot- fine location; near Telegraph - aad
Dwirht.
$47GO — An attractive, modern borne; 1Q rooms:
chotce location; cicse in: . handsome
ffrounds; easy terms.
$75C0 — An elegant up-to-date modern house,
11 rooms: choice location; near university.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BRANCH OFFICE OF S. M. DODGE St SON
OF OAKLAND.
21.11 CENTER ST..
BERKELEY. - CAL.
WE HAVE OPENED THI3 BRANCH OF
OUR OAKLAND OFFICE FOR THE SALE
OF A SPECIAL LIST OF BERKELEY
PROPERTIES FOR WHICH WE ARE EX-
CLUSIVE AGENTS.
BUILDING LOTS AT
Dwight way xtation. . Berkeley, on terms;
price* $800. $«CO and $I0CO each.
SES THESE LOTS TO-DAY: OUR SIGNS ;
ARE ON THEM.
Located cn Shattack ave.. Fulton and Ells-
worth »ts.. where these streets are cross>*d
by Ward and Derby sts.; lots 44 f-et or SO
feet frontage on the north or south, east cr
west side of above streets.
CALL OR WRITE FOR MAP OF TRACT.
S. M. DODGE * SON OF OAKLAND,
2131 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY:
Or the OAKLAND OFFICE. 1160 BROAD-
WAY, OAKLAND.
NEW 5-room cottage: bath, pantry, high
basement; city water; gas aad electric
lights; main street; 2 blocks to et»tioc; lot
40x120: see this and you will t>4 delighted: ]
price $2500; terms. $300 cash, b.ilance $20
monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, Loria station, '
South Berkeley. Open Sundays.
ALMOST new S-rooms, 2 story; bath, pantry,
mantel, stationary tubs, hot and cold water, 1
electric lights; large- tot; 2 blocks to. Key
route and S. P. R. R. station; good lo-a-
tlon; price $2400; terms $250 cash, balance '
$25 monthly: open Sundays. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin staticn. South Berkeley.
SNAP: 3-room house; bath, good welL fruit
trees. flower garden; lot . 70x125; price
' $1200; terms $3C0 cash, balance same as
rent* $15 monthly; convenient to station.
O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorla station. South
Berkeley.
$CSO— $50 DOWN and $10 per month; nice
half-acre lots la prettiest part of Berkeley.
I wtll give possession oa first payment aad
will advance money to build houses without
interest fcr the first year. I desire to en-
courage building, as I own 100 lots adjoln-
tng and the building of houses Increases the
value ot balance of mj property more than
the Interest.
This offer caly goes to the first five build-
ers. If you are a carpenter, painter, etc
you caa get work on the building of your
own bouse at union wages.
Call aad see the plans of the pretty houses
that can be built from $750 to $1000.
E. L. FITZGERALD. Owner. -
11 Montromiry st-
¦* ¦* s* " " '
A COTTAGE— MUST BE SOLD.
AN OWNER WHO WANTS MONEY.
$IT^> — A very pretty and neat, cozy, home- I
like cottage; 4 rooms; newly and tastily pa- j
pered and painted; bath: sewered; dry water; '
brick foundation; also- well and pump, giving !
you free .water if you want it; street macad- '
amlred: cement sidewalk; near Lorin station.
Key Rcute and Southern Pacific trains; see
this; It's going to be sold.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4C0-4C2 Eighth sc. Oakland.
COTTAGE SNAP. ~"
HANDSOME 5-room cottage: new, modern.
gas In every room, all tinted, porcelain bath,
lot 40x129^1; all street work, cement walks •
near Key Route: this place must be sold;
no reasonable o£Ter refused.
$12,000 — The best bay In South Berkeley; NE.
corner of Adeline and Fairview sts.; lOSx
1D7: all street work: cottage on lot; this 1
piece of property will double In value tn !
the near future. Look at It without delay
C. C. EMSLIE, Real Estate, Ashby station.")
— $3100—
A CHOICE Seme en Delaware st.. Berkeley; 1
- roctas and bath; lot 40x133: new and modara-
¦vasy exposure: fine view; easy terms of
, payment If £e*lred; no trouble to show proe>-
HKALTT BONDS AXD FIXAXCB CO. Oacvk
, 1172 Broadway, earner Foartaeata *c
Oakland.
COME quick and be up to date.
$4000 — A new 7-room : brick house; lot '45x
12»: stnwt in. perfect order. ......
$225O— A new •-room cottage near San Pablo-
ave. and Cnanninx. way.' -
Two tot*. in Berry Bangs Tract, 40x130. on
Russell st.: must be sold right away; oaly
asking JlfOO each. - 'i<i»JB*MEU ¦
¦ MILLS, the Real Estate Man of Berkeley
2167 Ehattnek ava.
$3130 — XE W. modern. 7-room house : 15 min-
utes . front ' North Berkeley . station: ' high
grtwnd: fine . view. R. A. ° BERRY & CO..
Postefflc* block, Berkeley. V "• .-'¦-. >
FKUITVALE ADVEKTSTS
. ' raglTTALE BZAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale StaUon. CaL
$ltJCO— New 3 Urge rooaT cottage and bath:
hot and cold water; lot 30x263; having 2
frontages: only one block from car line;
. eaay terms tf desired.
$ISCO— Fine 7-room house and bath; aa mod-
ern; lot 40x125; only 4 blocks fram sta-
tion: *300 down, balance on monthly pay-
ments. . . . ¦
$l«0O — Modern cottage of 5 rooms. halL bath.
mantel, atable and chicken houses; lot 50x
»• '¦ - 12O; only one black fronx car line.
$1650 — New and modern cottage of * rooms. ,
hall, bath; high basement: cement wa Us f
and sidewalks; fine tot and located only ,
1»$ blocks from Frultvale station; easy
terms If desired.
. $1350 — Large bay-window eottage of « rooms, j
alt modern; let 5Cxl22:«; close to local
• ••¦trains. :
SieCO— Colonial cotUjr* of 4 rooms, bath: large ;
• attic etc; lot MxlCO; two blocks from
local staticn; $1VO down, balance- on
monthly payments; same as rent.
$2250 — Beautiful cottage of 5 extra larg-
rocms: porcelain bath, halt; brick mantel. |
etc; Iot wOxiao- chicken houses; near car
line and In the best part of Frultvale.
$2400 — Very neat cottage of B large rooms and
bath, all modern; barn, chicken houses, ,
fruit trees and half-acre ot garden soil;
one block from ;»ehool and handy to ears: !
terms U desL-ed: this ts a rare opportunity 1
to secure a large home for small money. ,
$1700— New and modern cottage of 4 rooms:
porcelain bath: hl*h basement; gas and
electric light; Iot 3Sxl25; four blocks from
local station: easy payments at will ot
the rurciaeer. .
$1350— Good cottage of 4 rooms: basement,
bath, etc: fruit trees, chicken houses:
lot 37:exlO6; only four Hocks from Fruit-
vale station; small sum down, balance
same =j rent.
Three-acre orchard in a fine and handy loca-
tion, close to schocl and car line, enly
$K0O per half-acre.
Also ICO lots at $75 per tot. one Wock from
car line: cheapest lets, ta Fruitvate.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
* ' W. E. RUDELL.
Real Estate and Insurance,
Corner Frultvale ave. and Washington st.
$t20O— PART CASH.
Cottage of 3 large rooms and bath: gas:
city water and sewer; fruit and flowers; xs*ar
car line- 7 minutes* walk from, depot; lot
45x110.
.;*>-»¦--¦ $1750— A BARGAIN.
Four acres of eood ground.
$1350— PART CASH.
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; high basement;
gas; city water; chicken coop and yard: fruits,
berries and garden; lawn and flowers; Vi btock
frr>m car line; 3 minutss' walk from depot;
street work and sewer done; lot 3Sxl3O.
£1600 — Coay cottage of 4 nice rooms and
bath; gas; city water and sewer; close to
school u-1 blocks from staticn: reasonable terms.
Money ta loan for building purposes.
"W. E, RUDELL Real Estate and Insurance,
Corner FruitvaJe ave. aad Washington St.,
Frultvale. CaL
OAJCbANP APVERTS'MTS
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
r>AW-r.A-rp ILEAX ESTATE.
TAYLOR BROS. * CO..
' REAL ESTATE. INSURANCE AND
FINANCIAL AGENTS.
1236 Brcadway. Oakiend. CaL !
Telephone Cedar 331.
COTTAGE CENTRALLY LOCATED.
$2400— Six large rooms: lot 32x127 feet: close
to Adeline station, on Chestnut st.;
will pay $3C0 rent per annum; coat for-
mer owner $3C0O. .Owner's business
transferred, thereby nece»«itatlng Imme-
diate «ale. " -.*•;:¦•:•
PERALTA HEIGHTS HOME.
$3720 buys this beautiful 7-room colonial .
home; every possible modern conven-
ience; southeast frontage; tot terraced
about 3 feet; surrounded by an ele?<»ut.
class of homes; only 3 minutes to 1-th
and Brcadway and 4O minutes by tae
new 4th avenue Key Route train to San
FrancUco; house just being completed;
any slight changes desired could now
. te nvade to suit purchaser. Tbls is ia-
deed a banraln.
. - BROADWAY INVESTMENT.
$12.000— Corner on Brcadway. 50x75 feet. with,
a gcod brick building on it: necessity
compels th* owner to Immediately dis-
>c»« of the property. Offer wanted. \*e
respectfully invite investigation, as the
location and pri** wUI be a surpriat
that no one should overlook. ;"..•'-.;
FLATS OR APARTMENT SITE.
$1LCOO— 123 feet oa Madison st.; corner; with
. large 12- room residence, which caa be
moved to one sld* at a cost of $5&O,
bid for which we already have, leaving
75xlCO f «et , on .the corner for building
, purposes. The vacant ground alone
should sell for the price asked for the
entire property. 'Adverse financial con-
ditions necessitate immediate sacrifice of
this property. Only a small amour.: of
cash necessary, as the present mort-
. gage is about equal to the price asketl.
IF YOtT ARE IN THE MARKET FOR
PROPERTIES OF ANY CHARACTER IN
OAKLAND OR ALAMEDA COUNTY KIND-
LY MAKE YOUR WISHES KNOWN TO US.
WHERE COURTEOUS SALESMEN AND
FREE CONVEYANCE WILL BE AT YOUR
COMMAND.
Office open Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
?/.V-: TAYLOR BROS. * CO.
NOTHING SUCCEEDS LIKE SUCCESS.
NOTHING EXPANDS LIKE EXPANSION.
From, real estate to politics. ELROD &
HULL, who have long; b*en successfully and
expansively handling dirt tn the Fruitvale dis-
¦ trlct. after long aad solemn deliberation con-
i eluded that the public — aad themselves —
I would be greatly benefited by opening an office
t la Oakland, wtth an "underground wire to
j Fruitvale. They have accordingly fitted up ac_
• commodations at 1200 Broadway, where their
• genial . MR. HULL will be pleased to . greet
all clients — past, present and prospective. The
I firm has come to Oakland for b«r"taess. 'and
; they propose to deal in all kinds of Oakland.
} Berkeley, Frultvale and country realty, rent
j hou.-es and collect rents, list business chances,
I write Insurance, nerctlate loans, etc. List
yonr property or business with them — It costs
, you nothlig. Call aad see what they have. U
ta tine for business. It costs you nothing — un-
Us« you buy. Space coats too much to print
a full list. Here are a few samples:
No. 2. . $6000 — 2-story. »-rocm house.. j n good
condition; hot and cold water; creek through
place; berry bu-fces, fine garden, forest trees,
.shady nooks, walks and drives; very romantic
J p!ace;i tbidsnlll and tank; one acre of land,
j No. ' 3JA 473CO — An Ideal home; large, weil-
1 built house; lot 203x250; on good street; all
¦ modern convenience*: fine barn; shade and
[ ornamental trees and shrubbery tn profusion;
i an kinds fruit trees in full bearing-.
I NOk 2fl- $3C<X) — l-room cottage, with kitchen
i and dlntiur-room in ba-fement; city water.
i sewer, electric light.*: splendid garden; all
I Hindi shrubbery, fruit and berries; beautiful
1 fccme. commanding grand view; no more
j healthy soot anywhere.
t ?l.-(.i) — Buy 3 furniture and business of a 14-
room hotel tn a mining camp: one of the best-
paying mines ta the State, and many smaller
mines around; now working aad doing good
business; the town hall goes with the hotel;
fine chance for husband and < wife to make
easy money: income now runs from $1200 to-
SI-" 0 a munth; ?hcto at office.
We fcave suburban acreage and building lota
in all r-arts of Oakland. Berkeley and Fruit-
vate. Fcr terms and detai'n call at office.
ELROD & HULL,
12C0 Brcadway. Oakland.
Phone Red 5SS1.
FIVE lots on Rose St.. east of Telegraph, near
Itlora Park, for sale for $S50; within 5 min-
utes' walk of the Key Route; street sewered,
but not macadamized.
Lot on 33d St.. between Grove and West; 50s
100 feet; ?13 per foot.
Lots cn Snyder and Burton aves. ; 34 block
west of San Pablo, for $* per foot.
Lots on Grove st.. between 30th and 31st; east
frantase: $32 per foot.
Lots »n Yoakain Tract, short distance from
Haywards electric: $3 per foct; 100 feet by
10O for f30O.
W. E. BARNARD.
478 Tenth St.. Oakland.
NICE, modern house, nearty new; near Lake
Mwritt: close to new street car extension.
. which wtll enhance value; 7 rooms; lot 5Cx
232; $31SO; $2CO cash, balance like rent.
0 rooms; modern; lot 50x100. lying high.
with cement retaining wall; In East Oak-
land, near new Key Route service; $3500;
1 $30O cash, balance like rent. :
Mansion tn East Oakland; 14 rooms; 6 kits; t
' suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
$C5C0; easy terms.
W. N. RUSSELL.
SOI California »C San Francisco. CaL
PROPERTY WANTED— VACANT AND- IM-
PROVED. IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING
YOU WANT TO SELL. SEND ME FULL
DESCRIPTION. PRICE. ETC. AND WE
.WILL PUSH IT AND TRY TO GET A
. EUYER FOR IT.
. i'JAS. S. HAISMITH. -:.-.;
634 THIRTEENTH STREET.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY. I
' ;" ' - ' ' - .- - ¦ . • - ¦¦•'¦-' !
We have been exclusively aathertxed to seD
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
tles*acqutred by the / . ' . . ¦ -
- SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS ' UNION
under, foreclosure of mortgage.*
. We will sell these , properties at ' figures far
below the present market rates. If yoa want
a bargain call or write us for particulars, n
. ' J. H. "MACDONALD & Crt
¦ . 1'jviZ Broadway.
0AKLA1M) ADYER T^OTTS
ckm.tr-r.rn.ym. BSAI. ESTATE. •
THIS SHOWS HOW LOTS SET.!-
In the Santa Fe Tracts, on the Key Rauts.
There is Co boom here, tut homese-ker-
from San Francidoo and elsewhere, seeking ta
save rents, are steadily securing these Cn?
building locations, from which San Francisco.
Oakland and the University ot California are
quickly reached. Many buyers are building
hemes.
mm ¦ ¦
SANTA FE TRACT NO. X — '
Z* lots. AU sold.
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 2—
178 lots. Onfy S lota unsolvi.
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 3—
25 lets. Only .1 lots unsold.
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 4—
!<3 lots. Only 37 lots unsold.
sa>:ta fe tract no. 5 —
3ws lots. Sale Just, begun. One-fourth of:
t-e lots sold. ;
Th« new home center; right on the Ksy j
P.suu and S. P. LocaL
Quick trips to and from San Franclsea.
Five-cent Fare.
Larsre lets. 40x133: JWuo to f-~iOQ and upward:
one- fifth cash: balance tn easy monthly pay- ;
ments: close to stations: mild climate: flow- 1
ers all the year? beaatiful view; street work j
ail complete. Including sidewalks, at no cost j
to buyers. »** -^i-_ •
\Q3Z&g{ -i O |!rr
mill] If
ft
m r
mm
23 to 3O minutes to San Francisco.
mm :
Send postal for maps, prices and ptctures of !
beautiful homes. ,
OFFICE ON THE TRACT. OPEN EVERT I
DAY.
FROM SAN* FRANCISCO TAKE KET
ROUTE TO LORE* STATION. STJCTT- •
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc..
HWO BROADWAY, OAKLAND. TeU Main 14T. j
Saa Franci.«<-r> Agent. ALEX HACKLE,
321 MARKET ST. |
STOP PATING RENT!
BUILD YOUR HOME AND PAT
FOR IT IN MONTHLY INSTAIJ.MJJ.VJS.
The Realty Syndicate throcgh the
Piedmont BulMins Association builds
houses to salt purchaser
on Initial Dayment cf S> per cent total
cost of hou*« and tot — Balance
in monthly payments — tnterest at 8 per cent.
"
After Interest Is deducted the remainder
of monthly payment Is applied on
principal, reducing both principal and
interest from month to menth.
GIVE THIS MATTER YOUR ATTENTIOX.
We have lots ranging ta price from
$300 to- $2W»— we build houses
of all prices — you ean easily decide
how much your reqdred home telll cost.
All our property lies near the Key Route
ferry lines and is within easy
distance of San Francisco.
SEND FOR. MAPS AND CIRCULARS.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
1212 Broadway. 14 Sansotne «t.-j
Oakland. Saa Francisco. \
S. M. DODGE St SOX,
llfiO Brcadway. !
ARE OFFERING
Lots 40x113 on Market St.. between 31st aad 1
32<1 «ts-; street work an done; $30«> eacK for
these two lots.
$1CCO eaci for a few fine lots on the sunny
side of 33d •»:.. near Market St.; lots 50x120.
more or le?s; cne sold yesterday.
$1750 — Fine Iot. suitable for fiats: 30x125;
near 23d and Webster ats.; all street ta- .
provei&ent? made.
XTOO CASH ON THIS $273O HOUSE.
4 blacks from the Key Route ferry; pretty
bungalow; 5 rooms and balh; lot 32:6x104.
$3500 — Nearly new 7-rooni hcuse oa Pied- j
mont Heights, near ton:- of Casltaltst H<nry
A. Butters and other elegant homes; barn; Iot
40x137; easily worth $WC0i
3. M. DODGE A SON.
116O Broadway. Oakland.
SEF. OUR AD IN THE BERKELEY
CLASSIFIED COLOCi. ,
;
DR. MERRITT ESTATE PROFERTT FOR i
SALE. -
We have been appointed exclusive agents by ;
the trustees of the Sanroet Merritt Hospital ;
for the sale of all the property belonging to tr.e :
said hospital and fronting on Jackson, Madi- -
sea. Oak, Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. tnctud- .
Ing "The Willows." on Oak st. extending back !
to Lake Merritt. recently under option to the '.
city of Oakland for park purposes; also the t
Merritt hemeatead.
We have both Improved and uniniproned '
properties to Oder; most desirable residence [
properties la Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE C3.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
3C52 Broadway.
$4200 — BEAUTIFUL new house; on Twenty-
fifth st.. between Telegraph ave. and
Grove st/: this house Is beautifully fin- :
/ tshed and has 7 large rooms aad bath;
situated on north side of street, with lot
43x103 feet.
$22C0— Sllgrtfcr elevated. Urge let with a mod-
ern cottage, folding doers. 5 large rooms,
with mantel: cn sunny side of street; this
is a snap; clcse to Key Rovte aad Pled- -
mont cars; see this at once: it caa be
bought oa small payment down.
$1CCC— $200 down and balance like rent will
put you tn possession of a nice 5-rocra cot-
— tage. bath. large basement; sunny side c t
street: close ta street cars aad trains.
E. J. STEWART A CO..
. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
ALDEN REALTY CO.. 5154 Telegraph ave.
Phcne ««t.
$500— Lot. 5flxlCO; Fifty-second St.. between
Telegrapa and Shattuck ares.
$3O front foot; on Telegraph ave.; best biai-
ness ccraer. ';
'$25 front foot; on Telegraph ave.; street
work complete.
" $10 front foot: la Piedmont, near Key
Route derct and schooL
fZZSO buys a pretty 7-room house complete; [
near Key Route. -
$730 — 3-rocm house in Berkeley; - lot <QxI35;
- street wcrk dene.
52330— COTTAGE. 5 room* and bath: brand
new; enly one btock fram Grove. Telegraph i
and Saa . Pablo-ave. electric car Ones; large j
r tot. 2sxl4rt; - coneret* foundation: not built
by contract: can asd Investigate for your-
self. GEORGE H VOSE. Real Estate. 97;
Broadway. Oakland.
- ¦.">¦ .
7S3C— 2 NEW rncdera fiats of * rooms each;
ccrr«r lot. 3iWG; all street work done:
convenient to cars and tocat trains; rent $37
jer month.
HCCH M. CAMERON. 1058 'Broadway. [
TWO tots. 25x100. wtth cottage tn Xorth Dai- I
tland. close to ' Key rout- power-boose and 2 I
blocks to local train: oniy JUYO; lav«tirau I
this. Inquire 21C3 "Telegraph ave.
OAKLAND ADY^TSM^yrS.
OAXLiTIP KSAX Z3TATB.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
- 4KM<a EIsMa St.. Oakland.
<12.»>— Palatial home In heart of :::-: 13
rooms: cccttguocs Vx three C&OOO
homes : OO feet from business center;.
the choicest close-ta residence/ with*
near business future in Oakland.
jH.n*, — <~i 'c-i'.<l Vernon Heights rentdeaew: 7
rooms, hard weed Cocrst steam heater;
50x123; ctarmtng situation: sunny ex-
• pesure; near Senator Perkins* home.
$4,5<X>— Offer wanted; Cae Tei»«^apn ave henw;
close in; J» rcoms: $2800 cortrasa farc-
ing, sale.
$3,350— Must be sold: modem house. T rooms:
30x133; $3000 mortgage; cost $55tt»; East
Oakland.
*3.5C»> — Modern house; 7 rooms: $S0» cash;
nnr ..Market st- station; north cf Sev-
enth st. "1
$2.700 — Modern Swiss colonial; « rooms; bu'It
... frcra selected wood; 38x100; ne«r Tele-
graph &ve.
it, iKiO— Modem buRga^rw; « and bath: sas*v
ment; .TT:*xL!i): street complete: near
Thirty-fifth and West.
$2.250 — M .:*m cottage.. 5 and batS: 30x100;
rer:t» ?3t>: « blocks to City Han.
$2,100— Mr-'em house; » and bath: SOxlfO:
street c^sipsfte: near Saa Pablo are.;
snap.
$I,S50— Mcdera csttags: 5 aad bath: b*je-
ment: corner: 3Oxl4O; rent $17 50; near
locals: nice location; non-resident urg-
ing sale: i.»::a.-.
$1.73O — M.niarn cottage: 4 and bath: base-
ment; 4«>xl.t4: street work complete:
near Key Route and 3- P. stations:
owner nee«ts money.
$1.70O — New cottage; 4 and bata: modem
. ptambing: Hunt cash; Fraitvale.
|1.4(X>— Neat cattag*. 4 rooms, basetnent. 2
toilets; street comslete; near ForUeti
st. station.
$I.15<>— Neat cottage; 5 and bath; convenient
toR. R. yards; near Peralta st. -
tSZO— Cotiag*. 3- rooms, basement; SOxl25;
Soft feet from San Pablo ave. cars.
INVESTMENTS.
—PIEDMONT VILLA SITES—
A superb property, fast being <.T?Z*r*G.; 4 Irts
If*>x2fX> each: in same block are frjur J3>,0f»
to $4O.0TO acmes; another magnificent horse
soen to be censrructed. a view of this) crop-
erty will convince ytw.
2O lots. $2TO each: forraerry $43»>: Key Route
service: value W-H double.
$«S0— Fin*, lot. ;ox22U: double frontage: near
school, car lin* and Key Rout* station.
fZctyo — Choice pair fiats: 5 and bath: rent $uO:
near Telegraph and Twenty-seventh st.
$4C50— Good bustn*** corner: stare and Cat:
prominent street; elcs* In: taccme $43 m*X.
$3730— Pair flats; 5 and bath: r-nt $42 -5A
$2SCO — Mortgage: 5 minutea' waCe to City Hall;
owner leavinx aad mtrst be sold.
J33CO — Pair new corner fiats; 5 and c«ta: renx
«S3: near locals: cheap.
$CS5O— Nearly 4 acre*; :£> mtnutes* ride V>
Oakland- fronting San Lean<.ir-> electric
rrm.-i' store and fix:: Insured $2500: snap.
LAYilANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
400-462 Eighth «.. Oakland.
A ?.•»» MORTGAGED HOMS
For $«a> over movtgags: owner has tnsencted
to sell: s^t-ndid .2- story, %-room botse.
135: jwilenilidly located ia East Catian.i: oCer
*" t *V\TM.\.VCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4ra;-4t^ Eighth st.. Oakland.
A GOOD. CHEAP LOT.
Think et a SO.foct lot cn W*st st.. north of
40th-»»_ K-y Route ferry service for $•»•>: U
ycu have th« cash, com* aad see it; owner
*^ lt3 LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
. 4»* .¦-*»!- Eish.th st.. Oail^r-'J-
- READ THIS AD BY
THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
A sntendid paying Investment.
New and all modern fiats.
Four fiats of S aad 6 rcoms each: lot 5i>x
10O: all rented. $>J month; central to Bra*-
Also 2 modern fiats of 3 and * rooms, well
located on a corner near Broadway, for
$I0»ift: all rented. $5«> month.
Also 2 new. -.-.. ¦!-". fiats, near Telegraph
ave. : 9 larse rooms each, at $7u00; refit* $Ti>
cmnth and a bargain.
THE ALDEN CO.. 1233 BreadTray. Oaklar.d.
1XTESTM2NT PROPERTY.
Focr new and all modem fiats. 5 aad •
rooms; all rented. $UG a month: very central t->
all cars and Broadway; al*> 2 modern fiats. 3
blccks ta Broadway and central to heart of
city: rented $5O month: price $3»,'O. THE AL-
DSN CO.. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
OAKLJLND PROPERTY FOR SALE.
SZttAt — Reduced from. r=>w>; owner aad
builder financially embarrassed : must sell;
cottage/ of 5 rocms, fcath; all modem con-
veniences. -s-ith 1 »-foot basement, constructed
v> as ta te cade Uit>> a fiat of 3 roctns
mere; let Urge and sunn7: rigit near K>y
Route station at Fortieth aa.l i*an Pah!'>:
oniy 27 minutas to San Francisco* terms, $35O
cash, balance mortgage as low rat» of In-
terest. Remember, tie house Is ne'w. mod-
em: first-class. First cocie first sei led.
J. 3. MYEP~3. 10U2 Broadway. Oan'arrf.
_____
A SPECIAL BARGAIX.
$32C0 fcjr a corn»r stcre with fiats abo-*. t3-»
eluiiina; small cottag- In rear of lot: located ia
We-c Oakland ;'must be .«ld oa account ot stck-
ness. 3e« P. C. LASSSN A. CO.. 4<» TantS
St.. Oakiaad.
ZUxO — A FINE two-story home of. 8 rooms
and bath: 2 blocks to High. School and doaa
: ¦> Brcaxlway.
The prettiest bungalow you ever saw; 2
blocks from Key Route station at 40Cx aad
Grove sts. : situate on Apgar st.: pretty. ne»
neighborhood; house never occupied: conxntet*
In every detail; easy plan oZ nayiaeaca.
The real estata and buildings owned br th*
Pacific Press Publishing Company, fronting
11th. 12th. Castro and Brssh st*. win be sold
ta sabdivislans. Tnll particulars on apcllca-
tion.
GEO. ¦«". AITSTIN. 1003 Broadway, OakT.nd.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$75«>— Choice coraer lot -on Froitval* ave.;
50x125: a snap.
*31U0 — Reduced frota $3230: pretty »-niota
cottage and let 40xlC*>. cn Adeline, near 12th.
$32) x) — Another pretty 6-n>^m cottag» asd
Iot 35x100; nicely located; about ten miautsaT
walk from bus'nesa center.
$325«>— Fine *-room cottaze aad Iot 43xlfO
0= Jones St.. cear Telegraph ave; very central.
$2300^ — Reduced frcm $230O: pretty shing:*
btingalcw^ of o rooms, all modern, and lot 3»x
120; near Thirty-sixta and West sts. and
Key Route depot: easy terms.
$2373 — Handsome new 3-rrjcni cottag* sad
lot 31x100- near Thirty-fourth and West sts..
and Key Route depot; easy terms. BEX-D12*
REAL, ESTATE. 1112 Broadway. Oakland
WALTER E. LOGAX & CO-.
1008 Broadway. Oakland. /
A SNAP — $4CtO: 4«Sxl5O; S rocris ir.d i*:i:
rents $4O month: viliSj distance C::y
Hall and narrow gauge.
WIU exchange real estate far "Realty Sr=di-
cate certificates.
$400) — ISxlCO: 9 rooms and bath: high base-
ment; brtck foundation; 27th st-. near 3aa
Pablo ave.
$15C0 — 43xlCO;ncrt?rwest comer.
WALTER EL LOGAN * CO..
lOOf* Brrjadway. Oakland.
$730) CASH, balance ta suit buyers: neat cot-
tage, unfinished. 4 rcocts: 10> lotai 250x120.
all fenced: immenje shade and fmlt trees:
stately oaks and laurel; nicety sheltered '.—. m
fogs and winds: near cars and higli grada
school; In an Ideal spot for a retired home;
soil deep, sandy lean:: adjclning East Oak-
land; price alt iclJ. -*:"•>: this t » a rars bar-
gain. Call or se>nd far circular. 453 SerrntS
«t.. cpp. Brcadway station. Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$3C00— 9-ROOM. 2-st=ry house; 50-fcot let. sur-
rounded by fin* homes; near car Baes:
easily change to fiats aad pa7 13 per cent
ca investment.
$2Stt) — 5-room. modern, wen built cottage; easr
walking distance to towc; n'.l street work
done: sunny side of street; be&otiful laws
and Sowers; lot 23x140.
$20CO— tt-room ecttage: let 32x140: near local
cn Ftfta. ave.: cottage alone coat mer»
than asking price.
F. F. PORTER. 4«8 Eighth St.
THE elecUon Is now ever and we hare a Urm
excepUonally cheap residence and business
properties for sale near the Fortieth st. K«y
roots station. Desirable booses for rent ar*
ta snehs desuacd that comparlsoa with other
localities as to priors. cor.vtr.;*7.ci> to S. F.
and laterest crt tavestniest w'.: 1 . Justify ia-
vestixaticn. For maps, prices, etc., se#
RICHARD J. MONTGOSIEB.T. Key nmt-
station. 40th st. and Telegraph are.. Centra!
Oaktand.
AN exceptional ep port-ael ty to seciue a strictly
np-to-date - aad Crat-class apsutment-hoose.
centrally located, oa a prominent corner; !arg»
net income, which can be " Increased; hmg
lease: parties with highest referenc-s oar-
need arrply. HARRY U. HOLCO3CEV W*
San Patio ave., Oakland, C-J.
$1730— FINE bom* tn beantlral Usds VIstA
Terrace: new; finely finished In every d«-
tatl: 9 rnomj. etc.; price reduced fronx $SCW:
c-u-ner mn.it »ell on account of mortgage. S»*
P. C LASSEX <e CO.. 46>t ICtYi sy Oakland.
$2200— LOT 12Sxl3»«. wita small cottage. sBe«t
aa-t chicken eoop*. frolt trees.- shrBb-
" bery vmi Sowers; la Ft'iitvaJe.
Rocnrs «C aad (ET. Bacon bciXtilng.
K.\RL H. NICKEL.
BARGAIN— Besorifcr 7-r. bom* ta Plednwmt:
fine Bei^hbnrhocd: good location: near ear
line: wtit sell rh«sp: trust b* nei to tw _9-
preciate^ Apcly to T- MORUL3. «7. 3«C» .t
For AdtUtional Classlfled Adrertise-
ments Soc Pa^c Fortj-Hgtxt.
ALAMEDA ADVEK f FS ? MTS
ALAUXDA H^^T. laTATT.
Thirty lots trom $1<> to $1« per front foot;
five minutes from Fifth -st. station; $30 down,
balance easy terms.
Homes from ?10O> uo. on terms; must be
seeu to b« aroreciated.
FOR SAT.B OR EXCHANGE-
A fine 7-room house, modern, near Morton
' st* itation; *:r San Francisco property.
FOR SALE.
Modern 5-rocm cottage; lot 35x132: between
rtatioas en narrow and broad gauge; $-100;
only one-fifth cash, balance on terms.
New 5-rocm cottage: lot 37xlU<>: fine gar-
den; $1650; one-fifth cash, balance on terms.
One-story and basement cottage: upper Cat
pays investment. ~ ¦ ¦,"-
A. R. DtNKE. 14C0 Webster St.. Alameda,
or
C A. POiIEE.OY. 11 Montgomery St., Saa
Francisco.
BARGAINS — Two-etory house, two stores and
dweUlnc: above rents for $70; corner lot. 35x
1*>: HZCO; ea»y terras.
$4200 — Two-story house and cottage on lot
50x122 feet; near business section: oix Park
it., rents fcr J42; owner got to leave.' - _ V
Two new cottages six rooms and bath; 1
finished In latest style; only $1TCO each; will I
rent for $2O.
A first-class milk business: large route:
butter and rgx store attached: 31 cows, 2
.-< r»*« ar,! wagons: sold cheap.
A texxi furniture btaslness; soUi on accocnt
of owner's health: phone Alameda 4S3.
H. R. AITON O3..
REAL ESTATE. 1233 Park it., Alameda.
BEfiKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BE1IX1IT -Bi-KAT. ESTATE. j
¦ ¦ ¦ - -
ITS GREAT WORTH.
A resident owner la Berkeley has more than
a mere home; he has surroundings that are on-
sursaused. 7,- • jl- - fr>~ <j
A HOME IN BERKELEY.
Did you ever stop to consider the advantages
of a home here in this delightful place, if
not. it is time you stopped a moment to
THINK ABOUT IT.
We are ready to offer you the most satis-
factory help ia your selection of a home. We j
¦ call your special attention ta the McGEB
TRACT lots. Our list Is too long to publish.
SGall and let us help you.
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 S>attack ave.. Beckeley,
At Key Route Terminus.
MORTIMER' E SPECIAL BUYS.
' $5,500 — Loveiy new home la Scenic Park
I $0.230 — Fine lO-room house on Virginia St..
near Euclid.
'¦ $10 00<> — .New .home, elegantly finished; cor.
Euclid 'and Virginia; will make reduc- 1
ticn tf sold in a few dayi. W. J. MOK-
TIMER St CO.. 2123 Onter st.
I KX0 — SEE that fine b» me cn Vlreinia st..
n^ar Ml!via^ lot 10< xl25; full of Sowers
a-ui rruit trees. W J. MORTIMER * |
CO.. Berkeley. *
\ $000— BUYS a fine ccmer lot near Telegraph. I
j $(530— For thews fine lots ia the MeGw Tract, i
nhy not be somebody and own a lot? Sew 1
MORTIMER & CO.. Berkeley.
! $500 — SPLENDID buy In the Wheeler Tract; 30
foot lut: «:reet wock dace; send for map of
these sirtitly !oti. W. J. MORTIMER *
CO.. 2123 Center st. Main entrance to
university. "=f - ¦ ' •"•• '• I
! JCSOO— LOVELY home cn Euclid ave. ; the bon-
toe tart of town: 10 rocm* and all mod-
ern conveniences; good bam, with sepa-
rate entrance; now rented to good party; 1
come and see it.
W. J. MORTIMER A CO.,
2122 Center St.. Berkeley.
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY.
! $3250— New 2-»tory colonial house; 9 good ;
ra.:c». bath, etc.; dining-room and library |
panWsd and finely finish-ed !a hard woods, i
with maoie and myrtie; gas and elec- '
trie lixhts : street work done; cement !
walks laid: nicely located on mala ave- •
nue. 1 minute from -Ashby station; small j
cash payment, balance like rent. (1'J-o) j
H. D. IRWIN. I»rin r-ation. Sooth Berkeley.
'-,»¦- &undaym. Carriage in attendance.
!
$1250^ — Nearly new cottage; 9 rooms, bath.
Fatect toilet; brick chimney and founda-
tion; !ct 31-xllO; cash $250 and easy
monthlv payments. (1324)
$15O> — l^j-ttory bouae; 6 rooms, bath, etc.;
well. wiadnUU and tank: lot tCxl35; street
wxrk doc^; cash $3««J, *20 monthly. (194S)
¦ $2500 — Nearly new cottage; 5 rooms, bath, etc.;
high basement; electric light; lot 3.Sxl35;
1 minute trom station; easy terms. >l-».t-i I
! $2750 — New 14 -story ccttage; 5 rooms, bath, f
etc.. 2 toilets; lot 40x135: all street work
»:¦•: walks <icnci near Dwight way; easy
t-rms. (1333) |
< $3SC0 — Modem 2- story colonial house; 7 fine
t -.~j. !:»::. bath. etc; up-to-dat*
throughout; well located corner on Tele-
graph =.ve. (.1341)
H. D. IRWIN. South Berkeley.
Carriages in attendance. Open Sundays.
$1550 — A FINE little home cf 5 rooms; nice
yard. Cowers, etc.; excellent location; J
modern. - j
IIS"'.- — Yc-r choice of five nice homes ta j
fine location.
$200<J — Nice home cn Louisa st.. near Cedar. 1
$2500 — Brand new 5- room cottage near
Ashby; lot 40x133. ¦ -»¦-.-¦
tZ&*> — Nice new tf-room cottage near Lorin.
$2750 — Brand new 6- room house near Grove
and Channing.
?¦>."-' — Beautiful 6-rocm cottage near Ashby
station.
$32S<) — Fine new 7-roota house; 3 blocks from
Berkeley station.
$35<Ri — Your choice of several fine homes.
$4000 — Brand new 7-room boose on Fulton,
near Dwight.
$45OU — The nicest home la town at that
price.
$4750 — Beautiful new S-rocia house O a Arch
street.
$4&00 — Elegant S-room house on Walnut st.;
lot 50x130.
fi;."-" — Fine investment; three houses ca !
lot leSxlSS; bargain. ,
We have several 4 aad 5 room cottages for |
rent froca $15 to $25 per month. Call at cacel 1
NEWTON St NEEDHAM"
2131 Center St. Berkeley!, » : :
A BARGAIN.
$1CU>— $200 cash, "be lance $20 per month; 0
large rooms and bath; patent closet: lot
45x100; well and mCl; fruit trees, vines,
etc.; three blocks to both trains.
$2Z&> — $1CO cash, balance $2O per month; 5
targe rooms, stationary tubs, Cne mantel.
high basement; lot 50x135; - street work
all done..
$2S0O — $JsCt> cash, balance $23 per month; S
large rooms, all modern; lot 50x133; fruit
trees: rtreet work all dr.ne.
$C00 to $CCO— Street work all done; $25 cash.
balance $5 and $10 per month.
$1500— $320 cash, balance 115 per month; 4
large rooms; good well and city watrr;
let 40X123. W. C. MORAN.
South Berkeley.
TWO acres on Claremotrt ave., near College
are.; will subdivide and sell cart.
}45<JO — S-rooxa bouse at Dwight way station; I
will paint ta suit; this la a lovely home. j
rC><> — 12-room and stable; lot 6f*xl33; tank,
lovely yard: in the heart cf Berkeley.
$7500— 10-room house and tot SOxl33; central
location; exceptional: also a 12-csom 00 cor-
ner lot: both east of Shattuck and north of
Lnright way.
$2500 to $37(X) — New houses; something yon will
want; these are the best for location and
yoor crwn terms.
Lets — We have the location and price that
wtll suit, for Investment or to balld on. Just
what you are expecting to get. -
Office open to-day.
ISGRIGG Sc HARRIS.
2TW. corner Dwigfat way and Shattnck ave.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
' *-»700— New 4-room hocae; tn fine location;
street work, sidewalk aad fences all in;
this is a snap.
SC200— -6-rooa house, nicely tinted walls, good
hardware, electric lights. faeL gas: every-
thing aboct It U complete: a bargain.
Are you interested In lots? If so. we have a
corner on macadamized street for $875 ; In-
side lots for I45U; street work done: others
for from f«S3o to $3WO; fine locations; - we
have many . barzains in houses and lots
ranging frcm f2uu> upward; please jive us
a call and be convinced. .
F. H. LAWTON * CO..
Phone Derby 1192- 2147 Center st.
$55O FOR lot 41x135; east of Shaituek; 4
blocks from staticn; . street work done and
•Idewalk down: a snap. .
$1225— Fulton-st. corner; 45x135; choice lo-
cation.
I-O' — New colonial: 6 rooms ; modern.
$2S50 — New cot: sire; 5 rooms: modern; terras.
$1750 — Cottage; 5 rooms; $750 cash. _' ¦
HEDEMAKK St JACK CO.. ' 3217 Adeline
Ft.. Fotrth Berkeley. City office II Mont-
gomery st. J ' . . ».-¦
WASTED—! er 4 room cottage, Berkeley er
Oakland, near Key Route; must be bargain;
1 eua Uiy«r. Box IZ1S, Call office, Oakland.
BEKKEJ.EY ADVEKT'S^'TS
SIBgELEY STTAI. ESTATE.
"TO climb stse? hitla retraires slow pace at
nrst." — Shake.
Yet hew many of us have begun that steady
an<l eS>cttve climb -wiilcb. leads to certain
Independence?
¦•Economy Is the poor man's mint." — Tupper.
Yet bow many home renters ia San Fran-
cisco are truly economical? »
To the man of small means, oavtng la pes-
•ibl-e when aa incentive Is offered one to save.
The first dollar you lay by, backed by a de-
termination to add to it systematically. Is your
first step toward Independence; each additional :
step makes the next one surer.
Why rent a home and pay 10 per cent la- ;
terest oa sortie one else's Investment when for
the same or even lighter Installments you can
buy a home in beautiful B-rkeley. which, after
a few jaort years, you will have provided for
the d?y that is sure to- come when you cannot
1 wnrfc— to say nothing of leaving those who love
you something more than a batch of rent re-
: ceipti.
There are other ways of making money
withont having It actually coined for you —
without taking any risk whatever — by Judicious
purchase of Berkeley real estate — that's alL
'Thn worst men often give the best advice."
~ e7 ' THINK IT OVER.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 2143 Center
St.. Berkeley. CaL
A. H. HERRMANN. Manager.
CHENEY & CO..
REAL ESTATE. LNSTTRAN'CE.
?WE BUY. SELL AND EXCHANGE.
WILL BUILD YOU A HOME. SMALL PAY-
MENT DOWN. BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
FACTORY SITES IN WEST BERKELEY,
WITH TRACK FACILITIES. -
A FEW CHOICE BARGAINS IN LOTS.
CHENEY & CO..
TEMPORARY QUARTERS AT ROOM 12.
UNIVERSITY SAVINGS BANK BLDG.
LOT In North Berkeley, near Berryman sta-
tion; eCxl33; $435.
J. P. HALE.i CO..
1511 Stattuck Ave. 2513 Shattnck Ave.
North Berkeley. Dwight Way.
Phone Mason 732. Phone Derby 1022.
$1200 — TNE corner on Ashby ave.. near car
lines and trains; street work all done.
jlCflO— Fine lot on Webster st.
$7C0— Fine corner on Fairview it.
LITTLE & WOOLS2T.
2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
GRAND opportunity r city and country life
combined: new 7-room house, all modern im-
provements: 15 minutes' walk frcm Norta
Berkeley station: high ground, fine view,
cheap. R. A. BERRY & CO., Poscofflce
block. Berkeley.
$3tti0— NEW 2-story 6-room house; lot 40x115;
$400 cash, balance $20 per month; one block
from station; one btock to cars.
$1200 — Four acres. 3 blocks of station: net
far out; wall worth $2300. MORAN &
SWAIN: opp. Berkeley station.
S-ROOM Queen Anns style cottage at two-
thirds Its value for Immediate cash; owner
going to gcldflelds next week. JIURDOCK &
CO. (Lorin), South Berkeley.
SIX rooms, modern: lot 40x73; fine location la
South Berkeley; 4 blocks from Key Route;
$2tiUO; $2DO cash, balance ltke rent.
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 California St.. Sa» Francisco, CaL
$M0 FQR lot 42x133; street work done, side-
walk laid; east cf Shattuck; very -desirable
Box 4134. Call office. . '
FEUITYALE ADY ? T ? SMNTS
rBgrrvAiii! bial estati!.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 205.
Office one-half block from Prultvale station.
$£00 cash: beautiful home of 4 large rooms;
high basement, ccccrete foundation; fine well
of water; all set out ia small frutt»; will
make a fine chicken, ranch; no cold foes or
heavy. winds; nestles at the base cf the loot-
hills; street cars, schools, church and post-
office close by; fine sandy loam soil; nearly
one acre of ground: price all told $2C0O; this
is a snac.
1 $2250— Chicken ranch; new house cf five
I rooms; chicken housts ard yards: young fruit
I tre*a; large, fine shade trees; nice creek; fine
location; close to school and street cars; lot
t 123x2VO.
i| *"10O — Splendid house of * rooms aad'pan-
i tries; fine well, also city water; fruit trees
and flowers; all surrounded by a fine, picket
and wire fence: lot 100x200.
$1100— Nice rustic cottare of 4 rooms: high
abasement; fine well of splendid water; chlck-
ian houses and yards: property nicely fenced;
! close to zraded schocl, postofnee and church;
; lot 50xlOO."-*<; -¦ - - ' _//
$4250 — Beautiful home ; 2-storr house with
6 larca rooms, elegant reception hall, large
bath, pantry; artistically finished; stable;
summer-house covered with vines; beauf tful
lawn, abendanc* of floweis, family orchard;
street ami ««wer work all done; srind view
of foothills and bay; tn the heart at town;
one block to electric cars; close to fine school;
lot 70x230; price, all tald, $4250, one-half cf
which can remain.
Small payment down and easy monthly pay-
ments- can be nude on any of my properties.
Fine lot on Fruitvale ave.. 4Oxl2O. $'J0O.
Choice comer. 50x125. only $750; street work
done; sewered. >
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY PAY-
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
fine sotl; grand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold wind* or w<»t foes, and lots oaly
$75 each; $5 down, balance $2 SO per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1*J22 Fruttvaie ave.
H. BARKMEYER, 12M Fruttvaie ave., Frult-
vale. Cal. TeL Brook 1721.
$1300 — New cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
porcelain tub; electric Mshts and gas;
sewer ami! city .water; oae block from
school and- electric car line; 5 short blocks
¦ from local train; terms $3i*> cash, balance
Ilka rent.
$1400; — Cottage of 5 rocms and bath; barn and
chlcken-hoiues; £3 fruit trees In bearing;
-; lot 90x55: In UM*r Frultvale; one block
from, electric car line; terms if desired.
?1&» — New modern cottaee of 4 rooms and
Batb; nigh elevation; lot 50x125; all
fenced; on macadamized road; convenient
to school and postoffice; terms reasonable.
21900 — Modern cottare of 5 rooms and - bath:
-, large reception halL mantel and fireplace;
lot 35x115:' one block from Frultvale sta-
tion; terms J2C9 cash, balance $2O per
month to bank.
$3000 — 5 acres of gocd land, mostly la bearing
orchard; aU fenced and cross-fenced;
bouse of 6 rooms, barn, chlc'Aen-houses,
incubator, brooder-house and brooders; llvs ' t
shrine of water piped to house; situated -
in upper Frultvale; 15 minutes' walk, to
electric car line; this Is a barealn.
FOR SALE IN EAST OAKLAND.
S150O — Two-stcry house of 6 rooms and bath; |
ran try. closets and gas; elegant location; j
on car line; street work and cement side-
walks all complete: near school and 4
blocks, frcm local train; easy terms If de- 1
sired. \
$2000 — Modem two-story house of 8 large 1
rooms and bath; lot 40x118; street work)
all done: terms -?2S0 cash, balance $25
per month; this is a bargain and must
be seen to be appreciated. . -
For particulars apply to
HENRY BARKMEYER.
1206 Frultvale ave., Fruttvaie. CaL
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
-Incorporated la I?S».
REAL ESTATE, INSURANCE AND MONEY
TO LOAN. *
VALENTINE G. ' HUSH. President.
S. R. THORNE. Secretary.
First National Bank S. F., Treas.
The Facts of the Case Will Surprise Seme cf
You and Interest You AIL
MANY ROADS. .
The safest and surest of them all ts the
Real Estate road.
Nowhere has this troth had stronger proof
than in the growth of Fruitvale.
Everybody investing in Frultvale real es-
tate has made money.
Three principal causes of our growth here
are 1 - ¦ -" ' '
First The high rents of th« city.
Second — The certainty of steady advance In
present values. '
Third — The cheap prices here row.
We have a large list of modern
3, 4, 3. 6 and 7 room houses for
sale on very reasonable terms. I
It matter* not whether, you have $100 or
more ta Invest, com*, now. and let us help
you to locate your family In Fruitvale.
REMEMBER. WE HAVE
. LARGEST LIST.
CHOICEST LOTS. ; C %
LOWEST PRICES.
EASIEST TERMS '
SYNDICATB INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Cor Bassltt and Putnam Sts.I
Fruitvale. CaL"
Phone A«h 5S7. ;•¦ .'
ONE acre tn Frultvale. ; with 5-room house and
¦ barn: 4 years*- lease; rent f 10 per month;
for sale ; . 300 chickens, Petaluma Incubator.
•large brooder house, chicken, houses. . fences.
-all toots.' etc.. price only.SKO. - SNETSIN-
GER & MATTESON. 1214 Fruitvale ave.
$3C0 WlLLMinr the outfit of a iO-acra ranch.
consisting , of horse, cow, 2 wagons. 2 har-
nesses, about lOO chic!eens and ducks, lncu-
-bator. brooder., household furniture and
• many other 'thinrs. Apply tn J. W. WIL-
BUR * CO.. Dlmond. ' Alameda Co:.. CaL .
OF51CE OPEN SUNDAYS. .
. M. C. GIBSON. 132tf FRUITVALE AVE..
NEAR EAST FOURTEENTH ST.
PHONE VALE 200. - ,
- OFFICE OPEN i EVENINGS.,)^.
80x263 — HOUSE. 5 rooms and ? bath. '$2400. ' '•
¦ £OxI2S — House. * reams and bath. $1900. ¦ .
, : 50x270 — House.* 6 rooms and bath : $13OI>_
•JCx2f>0-^Heuse. " 10 rooms, ; $2OC0. * I
Send for index. JCDSON *¦ CO.. FroitvaJ*. ¦
KATVABP3 gXAIi ESTATE. j
$C2O PER acre — 60 acres finest vegetable I
"sit, will raise anything; close in; near j
•jew boulevard; t-reon cottage; large
barn, granary and a'4 outbuildings;
p>rty cf fine water; a rplendid bey.
JT. ¦ — C», acres; elegant 7-rocm hcase and
4 ccttages. wit* frcm 4 to 5 rooms each;
Jest the location aad climate fcr a aanl-
tar-.um.
!a« — C«» acres: 3S acres ia orchard and
6-rocm boose, with bath, cellar and all
modem conveniences; barn and outbuild-
ings; chiefcea boose and yard: close to
railroad; this U a beastllul place and
very reasonable.
SSOj — 44 acre*; all in fruit; I-ror:s» modern
- bobs*, barn, 5 chicken houses, chicken
>ard». p<gecn loft, granary, windmill and
tack: hcrse and cart; 'close to schocl;
2 irales from ;•*:-.' i .-
SCZtp — 10 acr»s; suitable for chicken ranch:
no Improvements: water running through
place r^ar anur-.d; plenty wood; 4 miles j
tram Kaywards.
T1TA to $'-lZ*t r*r acre; cnimproveii land in
tract* from 3 to *3> acres; finest vegs-
table land; close in.
fl?M up — Fin* chirken rarefies
RAVAGE .& BTXNT03T.
Castro St.. nrar A. Haywaris-
li ACRE=. with srTiail hou». (rood bam. I
ciicken hcu««. plenty of wood asd water; !
r^ar towc; $."U"i;0
. |
Z-- ACRZS; C-r:»n t>use. ham. 6 cr . i
chickerr houses. 2 trrvi-ier h"us»* with h^at- j
*-rs: j arcs Te-r^d irUh wire fence; hcr.-.i I
fcuny. harn««i. cow 3t« n=e. your.g ;
<-!iick-rs: part U=ri in fru:t: fine tiew; near j
towc; $:::•¦ can re=*»= oa =crttage; cn!y I
*~3i*>-
23 ACRES with 0-roor= two-story hou^.
bam. weu. wladsdll xrA task; several acres
ta frcit and rinen; plenty o' wood an-1 i
uater, 2'~, s::e, *nrr. t:m = : %iZn>>. !
UVI34PBOVED »T»tr« and town property cf
e»ei j iwr iptitm. C»-I or aiiiress. P. WTL-
V.KRT. Haywar-is. ''a!.
SOSS TAXLTY BE A I. rSTATZ.
Tf> >t— Larre unfurnished house; modern:
e>'tr:- ;.jrht. *•_.*.; also furr^heti cottage on
grrwr.ds: thi» would c--ake a first-class pri-
vate boardtrg-plaee. be^rg cicee ta Rcss sta-
ticn and Ss chotce l«-a^on: wiU rent by
month cr rear ta responsible party: will rent
«-,>-js»» wri-a'«!v. Addres.f MRS. W. J.
F.'STOfKTEH. Rom «t*ti>-«i.
Ea£XHTTTiI.r EEAL TSTATE.
$iOt<: — UjT. :r«.i:oo ; Z cottajea, 4 rocnis eaca,
basement; bargain.
jT^stvi — >."»» ccttag* o? 4 rucnis. basement.
$t3 ( > — I>-t *>=x:i'«>; ra:lr-«d eratlon.
J "iSEPH STP.a:T. Oh VUrk>t St.. S. F.
T±BX3 A3TD S2JTCZZS TO T.TT«<g-B
:• A>?KZ5; hcu^e • crr.s. famished; barn;
rtat:e: chicken h«-t:s#s: f.-r a term of years;
ch-ap. JOSEPH STTtAl.'B. fTXi Market. S. F.
kt:* r. rsTATi ?o ecchaitoe.
WHITE i 3/.ILET.
=uccess.;rs to VT. J. WHITE.
$25.'.tiO— Elegant tcm*r in Oakland's iw«a
r^»i<i*nce sreuen, tayro^ed with 6 new modern
r^it*; c)od ineuEie; acrtgaje 512.UCO; good
-iih buy.
$It:ui— Two lots, each 27xlSO. ia Berkeley;
» !.". mU some cash for country place.
(4000 — River bottom, near Santa Rcaa; 40
a.-res: hey or garden Ian.*; hop kiln; house:
tan.
C3C0G — New Cats !n Mission for vacant lots.
*fi<.«*: — ;."• acres nch land at Arbuck>; 25
acres vta»-yard; 20 a ! =cnd»; fine income; n*w
tcu5«*. bam. poultry houses; drying plant.
KX*Xi — Let Six! 44: residence of 9 rocms; ad-
jo =ing Nipa Htgh acaool; for bay prr^erty;
issum* sniail nj«Ttgage.
j-»r..i &X3.rzi> ror bj printed list.
r« a£ontgGm«ry sr_. r. S. ; ptaoae Maia 5704.
CLEAP. CaJUand. Berkeley cr S. *\ pr=p«rty
:=r ranchrt J. H. EDSON. 14-J bacoa
btock. Oakland.
EOt;?E ir. Oakland tr» trade for rasrh. Box
:^ll. ('a:: office. <Jak!and.
K£AL SSTATZ gAJTia.
WASTES — 1 to 3 acres, part level, sightly.
cccvcsttat troiley to Oakland: stale ¦ localicn,
terms. Puetoffice box £13. Llvermore.
TWO good Sats in Mission warm belt; street
work must be done; Box 4303. CaU-
C-o RM. r*?ikace 1= MLralca warm belt: street
work doc*-; Uaut $-*uOO. Box 43»2. Call.
V. AXTED — To rent chicken ranch- Box 4374,
'"ali •-tC-.e.
PEO7IETY "BrAirm).
vrAJfTE.lt — Tw 2at». 4 and 5 rooms, with
tastment or cottage, any pmjrz of city; most
be rur.cy anl very cbeap: iZ>M> cash, balance
Tl'hly; stats lowest price. Bex S37. fan
ALAMEDA ADVEBT ? S ? 3I > TS
AT-AMTmA »T-aT. XSTATE.
JjC VOC WANT A HOME IN ALAMEDA?
Vi tv'.: NEED A NICE BCILDLXG LOT?
Z».< 1OU WANT TO SAVE 10 PER CENT?
- ¦ ¦ - ;
IF VOL* IX>. call aad see our bargains. We
bey cheap. w« seik cheap and on easy terms;
eaU asd rtew tae prcpertiKs; we are offering
U*e l«st and cb*ai«^rt ever offered.
A r'ew cf Our Bargains.
f73o-^Flie lot; SoxlSo; worth $1200; a snap.
tZZn — F.ne lot; very cheap.
SJWO— Flte tot; 5<"xl01; corner cost $1700.
Jiro buys nae 4-room ccrttage; lot 22x150.
l\^*> buys .fine 3- room ecttage; 40x125.
flMO buys an* cottage: 4 rooms aad bath;
Lit 7!?^ IT': fru.t »n<i flowers.
•mc cur beautiful 5-room cottage «new). with
all latoft Inrrroveniifnts; perfect ia arraage-
s«nt; together with lot. only $2250.
SZStJ) tu>a lew 5-n;ona eclcnial ecttage; ocr-
n»r lit.
.'-,:¦ tuys •--_-: new 5-rocm cottage: lot
; -.^- •>
42750 twrs e-w 5-roora l»,-«tcry house; lot
»35Ki bars elesant 6-rocta colonial house;
Urge lot.
Nothing Tike It ia Ala.-neda at price. Hcmea
at «... crtces: easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
T»L Alarseda -*i">. I5n«> Parx St., Alameda.
IF YOL" WANT TO BLT. FELL OR RENT.
£EE THE I-EADING AND RELIABLE
ACEXTS. WE GUARANTEE SATIS- j
FACTION. - ; J.
$15oO— Good 4-room cottage; excellent plumb- '
ins;; lot 40xlw.
$I^0t> — 7-rocm 2-«trrr heese ia gcod cocditlca;
windmill and tank; lot >.xliO.
«-*—.<¦ — Nearicsr coi=pletlon; 5 rooms, reception ¦
hail, bath and cantry; ccmblnation gas
aad #!e<-tric fixtures; cement sidewa'ks, '
etc.: $"750 cash, balance usw as rent.
$3TjO— a'*^ in course of construction; ti roctas,
nw«iern ts every t<articslar; let 40xl2S;
(' •¦ ba'aoce $25 ;* r icocth.
tZXO— Very swell hc«x» of 12 roods oa Saa
Jose »t» ; lot 50x130: the cwner cf this
prj.-perty'l* p>is« East and owing to this
fart acme cne will get a bargain. .
Cull<iing lois a *i«claity.
Entire ctarge takea ot property. Rents ccl-
HAM3I0XD II HAMMOND.
Its* Park ft. I i
HALLT * CO.
S5</> — Lot near the bay: gcod size; street
work dcn»: gooi neighborhood.
t'JZZo — Mrniern 3-rocm cottage; large recep-
tion ball; high basement; fine lawn; this la a
gjod bye. , , . _-
$2750 — Modern 2-«tory. T-roca hesse; 2
t.>«-ks from scatles: nearly sew; large lot; an
elesant tuxce; owner sacrificing oa account cf
gcUr.g East.
%sixn> — E>gant 10-roosj. modern house; en
corner ca Central are.: rood value; this house
is also for rent, famished: rent $S5 per month.
Tie have the Wattles prcperty on the mar-
ket Icr ea> : situated next to the Cliy Ha II. ca
i^anta Clara ire.; lot 1>,x207; to be scid as a
• fcoie, cr else the improvements, consisting of
'*rs<i <lweil;ng-house. bam, ccnaervatory, ont-
buiMings, tcgether wtth granite and lroa fenc-
ing, can b-i purchased separately. Also many
other -fcoice properties that we have at a re-
dacrd figure for a limited time.
JfALLY «. CO.. 2313 Santa CUra ave.. Ala-
meda. Phoce A!»r^^ a XCS.
¦ — I
WE have a larg« list cf cheap cottages aad i
2-»tory brusrs fcr tale ranging in price frcm '
$M)r> to •3<)C«»: we also have In course ot ,
ecsstructJon a cottage cf 6 rooms, reception
ban. bath. frr,ct and back porch, cemented
basement; lot 42Uxl4O; price $325o: terms i
$*¦¦» cash, balance monthly iastanmenl: we j
betid to milt an the installment : w* fcrnlsh '
• - --- asd we estimate free. XTVL DCFOL'H >
t CO.. 2328 Santa Clara- are., near Park 1
-t . Alameda, Cal.
A REMAP.KAHLE CHANCE
Modern *-rootu house, brtck foundation latest !
pluniblssr. grates, mantels, bath, laundry '<
trtVt. 7-foot ba»etn«!t: l^t 33x130- $22r*>-
»««y terms. HAWliS & MEHRTENS l«i)0*
Seventh, cnr. R. R.
. C<TTTAGE and two flats; west end; lot IOOx
I2T>: r»nts $27 50 per month; off»r wanted
ttU*> — Gwtaee aad house near Saa Jos» '
ave.: rents $25 p-r month; gwi it!Test=VTjt.
E. D. JUDD *. CO.. 1424 Park^C 1
?.<-"-•' '¦'::.:. bolld new modem cottage cf 3
-nonis: iot 35x11-: San Antonln art.- rhoJre
rrrston: te»-m». tsrii cash; ochr 4 lots te't
:_H YOCNG. Rslld«r. 1213 Park st., xiZ.
ODFRN horse: « n?otn*, bath, attic, base-
rr—jst. frnar»: meat sell: awaer going away.
N'n arect. 2122 Buena Vista «ve.
$32M — NEW cottare ef C rhnram: let 80x108- at
•liv I'trinn »t. /. h. YOCNGv owner aa4 !
t-:. * r, irt: I > ark St.. A^s*;*. 'THE SAN FRANCISCO ;CALL, V SUNDAY, NOVEMBER i3, 1904.
48
3_OPOi-Cf-KO~s-3 fob j^____rS5_
—MARION GRIFFIN.—
«8 Hearst building, over ."E*"* 111 « r '. J*_
trance, corner Third and M"** 1 .^, /or
Black 3K07. Hotels and roo rnlng-houses ior
sale. Free list. We furnish abstracts xree
and guarantee titles. ¦
—NO. L—
IT IS WORTH your
while to see this
20-room downtown
house i New golden
oak. blrdseye maple
and mahogany fur-
nlture. . .
AXMINSTER caf-
pets and .rich Ori-
ental hangings.
COST $4600, but—
will take $2000; only
$1000 down and easy
installments.
PROFIT $152 per , .
month: Al transient
location; near Ellis
and Powell^ MAR tqn GRIFFIK^
— NO jsfoP - THINK-In.
f vestigate. as such an
offer comps only once
In a llTetlme; 32
rooms; a fine corner
,on Sutter atreet; sub-
stantially furnished:
a splendid bouse: &
money maker; only
$U«O down and ea-jr
payments.
MARION GRIFFPC.
—NO. 3.—
COME IN AND let
us show you a 21-
room house near
Leavenworth and
Post; well furnished!
and as clean as a
pin. Net profit- $97 1
monthly; If you want'
an honest house for
what it I. worth see| mariqn
—NO. 4.—
PRICE NOW— $1SCO —
A 39-room house:
profit $140 monthly
over — all — expenses:
easy to manage .It:
the — roomers — are
honest working peo-
PlC " MARION GRIFFIK.
—NO. 5.— .
PROFIT $48 MONTH-
LY; nice, clean, re-
spectable rooming-
house on. the sunny
side; north of Mar-
ket; 14 rooms; price
$750 (was $1200);
TERMS $300 down
and $10 each month.
MARION GRIFFIN. ¦
" PeCta MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 7.—
(MORTGAGED HOUSE;
mortgagee. who
loaned $900 on a
20- room house, asks
/ us to get him an
offer; bouse has bean
\ ' newly renovated and
Clears $70 monthly;
easy terms If de-
sired: a mechanics'
MARION GRIFFIN. ¦
_ _ ________ __
BEAUTIFULLY fur-
nished 37- room house
in best location tn
this city. You need
- but little money
($1600) to get pos-
session: clears $175. L£W •
MARION GRIFFIN.
________
ONLY $150 DOWN se-
cures a swell 12-
room house' near
NOB HILL; bal.
($500) ON TIME;
. ; - - fine furniture; ..elec-
trio lights.
MARION GRIFFIN.
—NO. 10.—
WANTED— A LADY)
OR GENTLEMAN!
O F EDUCATION
AND REFINE-
MENT v TO IN-
VESTIOATE A
NEW AND MOD-
ERN HOUSE of «S
ROOMS; PARTLY
FURNISHED: ALL
B R A N D N E W:
ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: PRICE
$3500; PROPERLY
MANAGED WOULD
C~L BAR $300
MONTHLY. I ••. :
¦ MARION GRIFFIN.
________
NOTICE.
' WE make exchanges
of all kinds. Let us
know what kind of
. . an exchange you
would like. Or if
you need money to
put in^ with your
property on a trade,
we can accommodate
* . - you at short notice.
MARION GRIFFIN. »°«ce.
'4C0 Examiner building.
A— EXCHANGE FOR SMALLER HOUSE
A grand corner on Post st.; 50 room*; rent
$210; clears $250 monthly: owner retiring and
will exchange for a small house In part pay-
ment; only a small amount of cash required.
NORTON A CO.. 1104 Market 9t ™ iU " m '
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
14 rooms on Ellis st.;. elegantly furnished:
clears $65 over all expenses; owner sick in
hospital and will consider any reasonable
offer. NORTON & CO.. 1104 Market st.
SUNS OF SUNSHINE. """
25 rooms; on Post St.: cost $2500 to furnish'
beautiful grounds; large, ipacicus halls:
; clears (100 over all expenses; this is the best
bargain in the city; only a small amount of
cash required; asking $1600. NORTON &
CO.. 1104 Market st.
¦ * — MITCHELL & CO. - . ...
1206 Market st. Phone Jessie 29*1
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed*
MITCHELL" _ CO.
A PARTLY furnished house, 18 rooms, sunny,
downtown, plain but neat: Price $750; hav-
ing other property must sell. . Make offer
exclusively with MITCHELL & CO., 1200
Market st.
A-* III % $_ $ I I I I
Thre« offices. 320 O'Farrell street.
Open every day and Sunday.
10 a. on. to 8 d. m.
PnOFESSOR HENRT ELLSMERE.
THE GREATEST UVINO EXPOXEST OT
CLAIRVOYANCT.
' WHO HAS ESTABLISHED A REPUTATION
IN EVERY PROMINENT CITY
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
HIS R-ptTTATION HAS BEEN BARNTED BY
THE WONDERFUL POWERS HE H_»
SHOWN. AXD NOT BY ADVERTIS-
ING, xa IS ATTESTED TO BY .
THE UNLIMITED NUMBER
OF TESTIMONIALS HE
HA3 RECEIVED.
. I? yon are Interested in any affairs of your
life; II marriase. ' sickness, deaths, cbar.grs.
travels lawsuits, business transactions, invest-
ments of whatever nature, wins, deeds, mort-
gaged, lost or absent friends interest you; if
you care to know what you should do to be
successful; where you should go and whom you
Should avoid: If you desire to have domestic
troubles removed; your "bitterest enemies con-
verted into your s_tnche«t friends; In a word.
whatever may be your troubles, suspicions cr
desires, visit Profes-dr Henry Ellsmero and he
IMPORTANT ANXOUNC__C_NT.
Professor Henry Ellsmere has decided to
place hi? services at the disposal of the people
of thl« city for special readings at the reduced
price ef $1 a slttln*. _ ;
TSIs extraordinary favor will only be ex-
tended for a period ol two. weeks.
All applications by mail or special messenger
I must positively be accompanied by the fee in
1 order to bold th.e aoDclnt— .ent.
The central location of Professor Henry
Ells— ere's offices and coniulution room en-
ables buiy peosle to easily reach him.
JTIS ADVICE UNIVERSALLY SOUGHT.
Professor Henry EUsmere'a advice ha» never
been sought In vain In the great crtsea of Ufa:
tin counsel has always -hone forth clear, lu-
minous and right; the tottering fortunes of
many a man have been saved from wreck by a
word from the Ups of this wonderful man; tn
the great game of business men have staked
their all on the dicta of Professor Henry Ells-
mere and won. Friends long separated bava
been reunited through his Instrumentality; The
proverbial "si lo 'twlxt the cup and t_e tip"
has 'been averted In t— ousands of Instances
through his ability to read the- future. Ro-
mances without number have ended happily
and the altar fires of love burn In counties-
homes to-day because of Professor Henry EIIs-
mert'3 profound understanding' of human des-
tiny. Obscure -{.eases have been located by
bis psychic diaj— icats and owe their cure to
his thorough knowledge of the patient's sseclal
needs.
HO TOD "71511 TO -ENOW
How you can have arocd luck?
How you can succeed In business?
How you can make your home happy?
How you can conquer your enemies?
How you can marry the one you choose?
How you can cbtala perfect health?
How soon you. will marry?
How you can conquer your rival?
How you can make any one love ~otx?
How you can mend your family trouble*?
How you can remove bad influence?
How you can control any onei
How you can make distant ones think of 70a?
How you can hold your husband's lore?
How you can hotd your wifa's love?
Professor Henry Ellsmere tells all sod never
asks questions.
IF THE BE IS ANTTHIJfO HEREIN- PREXT-
ED WHICH SEEMS IMPROBABLE
" CALL ON HIM AND BE
CONVINCED.
Three offices — 328 O'Farrell St.. San Fr—t—ico.
« ' v Every day, 10 a. m, to 8 p. m.
Oren Sunday.
All Correspondence Promstly Answered,
PROFESSOR _AXSFTE_D»
1007 H MARKET 8T.
TRANCE CLAIRVOYANT.
SPIRIT MEDIUM.
PALMIST.
READINGS REDUCED TO $1 FOR T DATS*.
MT $3 CELEBRATED LIFE READINGS
$1. $1- $1. $L $1. $1. $1. $1.
I DO HEREBY SOLEMNLY AGREE AND
GUARANTEE to make you no charge If I
fall to call you by name In full, names of
your, friends, enemies or rivals. I promise
to tell you whether your husband, wife or
sweetheart Is true or false, toll you how tj
gain the lore of the one you most desire,
even though miles away: how to succeed in
business, speculation, lawsuits; how to marry
the one of your choice; how to regain
youth, health and vitality. Removes evil in-
fluence, cures drink habit; locates treasures,
cures all nervous disease*.
How can I have good luck ? '
How can I succeed in business?
How can I make my horre happy?
How can I conquer my enemies?
How can I marry the one I choose?
' How can I marry- well? '
How soon can I marry?
How can I conquer my rival?
How can I make any one love me?
Hew soon will my lover propose?
Haw can I set a letter?
Hqw can I get a good position?
How can I remove bad Influence-?
How can I control any one?
How make distant ones think of me?
How can I settle my quarrel?
How can I bold my husband's lore?
How can I ke«p my wife's love?
PROFESSOR MANSFIELD tells all and
never asks questions.
.POSITIVELY NO EQUAL ON EARTH IN
HIS PROFESSION.
HOURS— DAILY, 10 to 7, AN1> SUNDAY.
10 to 8.
REMEMBER THE NAME.
PROFESSOR MANSFIELD.
1007% MARKET ST.
AAA— RICHARD MAYO.
•¦>¦-¦•¦¦ The Man With Psychlo Power*,
The greatest living adviser on the continent
Free test Free test
To all who come prepared to have a reading.
This week $1; my regular $5 reading. $1
this week.
At a glance before you have a chance to ot-
ter one word he will tell you what you caxne
lor; giving dates, facts and names of absent
and departed 'friends; he tells every wish of
your life; how to gain success tn love, ccurt-
«hlp. marriage, divorce; whether you will b«
successful tn business, investments, patents.
¦ mining, etc.: no matter what may be your
fear, hope or ambition, call on this gifted man
and find relief; his descriptions of your friends
and enemies are as real a* though they stood
before you: he tells you everything good or
bad: you bear the truth and nothing but the
truth. All business strictly confidential.
421A EUIs st. (private flat).
Orfl.ce hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Removed. ROSAUND _ CHASE. Removed.
• >-.. Eminent
Spiritual. Clairvoyant. Phychlc Palmist
Located 700 Post st
Are the most accurate and capable advisers
on all affairs of life.
Names, dates, facts and reliable information
given regarding lawsuits, speculations, invest-
ments, influences, marriages, divorces and all
domestic and social affairs.
Remove evil Influences, reunite the sepa-
rated, develop medium- and control those ycu
hive, even miles away. .
Tell who and when to marry. lucky days.
numbers, etc., and how to quickly d^elop th<*
magnetic personality which attains success.
Satisfaction guaranteed. Fees within reach
! of all.
j Hours, 10 a. ro. to 8 p. m.. dally and Sunday
FOR SALE.
R8-room house; downtown ;flne furniture. $5000
24 rooms: central; everything as—; $1600;
• $500 casl}.
30 rooms: downtown; transient........ $2300
14 rooms; Sutter st.: transient......... $1000
100 rooms: all rented; fine furniture: $10 000
JGOOO-cash. ««/.vw,
SO rooms: corner house; very swell $3500*
Board!ng-hou«e, 8 rooms, nr. carhouse.S.ioft
Furnished bouse, 8 rooms. . Mission $450
Ear>FrancIsco Credit Co.. 10 Turk st, 1st flr.
LIST of great bargains; from 7 to 200 rooms-
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodging-
house. 377 acres land in Santa Clara County:
also 2 Oakland 'lots: good paying country
hotels and roadhouses. - Money loaned on
furniture. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
A FINE lodKlng-houje, in downtown district,
will be sold exceedingly cheap* this week;
does good business year rcund; only reason
• for sell Inc. old are and removal; investigate
thl». bargain. 737% Howard st. Manilla
House.
18 ROOMS uptown; 4 rooms rented for office
for $R5; I am anxious to stll In order to buy
- a larger house; my, cash price Is $1200: will
exchange for a larger house and pav differ-
. ence." Aildrt_s Owner, box 1315, Call.
CORNER lodKincr-houM: 32 sunny rooms, baths
electric 1'gbt. hot and ecld water: rent res- 1
aonabie; 3 year*' lease;- no agents. Address
box 440, Call office. ,
TEN-room house lor sale, cheap. Apply 439
O'Farrell st.
F. L. .SKAGGS & CO.. Hotel Brokers 2«
Montgomery St., S. .F.: phone James <fcH51;
'hotels .for *ale. to lease and exchange
throughout the West.
12 NF/WLY furnished rooms: central - location
DAVID PnO3.. cor. Kcarny-Ciay.clgar store.
FOR sale— At a bars-ain, 10 housekeeping
rooms. 428 Golden -Cats ave.J near Larkin:
HOUSE. 11 rooms, all minny: permanent room-
crs:lease:saerlf!ce: fall, health. SO McAllister.
LODGING hooee. .12 rooms, $450: a bargain
. Box 87S. C«ll office. •, - : ..,•-.¦ *^ a ' n '
.•IiODGI-TO-.IOTTS'ES "\~AZrT_D ,
WANTED to buy % for cash IuJfrinar-bouse of
about SO rooms. Address box 4400, Call.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; penna-
\ nently located at 17 Third tt. next Exam-
iner bid?.: she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
vcaU the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; tf you are la
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or basinea* trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to "overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 23c up; satisfaction
guaranteed: or*n Sundays. Tel. Black 4.69.
FROM all sections they coxntf" to witness tha
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
' LIVINGSTONE, Readings $1. -Would It not
be a relief to know how yon will succeed, to
b e rflieved of th* matters that are troubling
you and ol the schemes of your enemies that
you may meet with better success? Then far
a reliable reading go to UVINOSTONE. 423
Eddy st.: three separate reception parlors;
lady attendants: hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Permanently located at 28H Kearny st.
after -W*dn«-da]r. _
ISMAR. Egyptian . See-*as. Th» Vendome 1104
Market st. r San Franclseo. Office houn — 10
a. m. to I p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 8 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium born
with double veil and second sight; tells past
present, future: _ 30c: g. by earns $1; palra-
»• Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
PROF. DA HL guarantee* to tell your past,
present and future; names given; readings
SOc. 102?^ Market it; hours 1 to 9 p. m.
MISS ZEMDAR. younjr. gifted clair.and palm. •
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
O. $1; hour- 10 to ft: names. 711 Franklin st.
Mrs.A.H.Krcr.enberj*. palmist, clairvoyant.! .-U
J reader; when others fall try m«:readlnxs -5o.
721 Franklin, nr. O. O. ave.: tel. Larkin 42OT.
MRS. nimrt (formerly Mine Anthony), me.
dlwm and Ufa reader. 32 Rltcn st; ladles 23c.
gentlemen 5Oc.^3S__ffl_KH_
A.NDROE, .the 'Greek wonder: never falls:
wonderful bodyless lady in window. 204
KHU ¦___
MISS WARD, clairvoyant gives names, dates
and facts. The V«ndome, 1101 Market, r. Si.
MME. ODKLL. . clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 23c up. 61-^j Eddy st : no signs.
THIS &d. nnd 5Oc entitles you to life — »*dtng-
at l_5 Sixth at.
L j BPST-ESS CK AWCBS—Oon tinned. . .
A— CAMERON & CO.- Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all klnda of business chances.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar: located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateglass windows,
store fixtures; Urge stock; long leate i,£5 e "£
• rent: doing good business; clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given: established 17
yearn; one of bast propositions in city; sick-
nese; 'snap; price $3500. -
FOR sale— Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located; cheap rent; doing Kooa
business: 3 living rooms; stock will Inwce
more than price asked; sickness; price $ low.
CAMERON & qO.. 3 Eddy St.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real '••tate,
roon.ing- houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st
FOR sale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
8. P.J »*heai» rent: horses and wagons, an
equipments; Dresent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
-from ?500 to ?SCO per month; trial Riven u
desired; nart down. CAMERON -CO.
FOR «ale — Fine little 3-room cottage and bam:
lot 30xl3T feet: all furnished: horse ana
buggy; fine well; '15 minutes' walk fro-i .de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars: snap: s,iow.
1 CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Well, furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel: 50 rooms; rent only $1W: 10-year
1-jase; newly painted and rwiovated through-
out; about 60 miles from S. F.: fine, grow-
ing town: present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Edd>.
FOR sale— Several good business proposition-
for investor- rjch as first-class laundry, ice
cream manutactory. bakeries, furnishing
Goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous t.i mention; would be P leaee . < i,i 0^ av 5
you call and inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. ________
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scriptlon do net fall to call upon us; we may
have just wbftt you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to sell.
J. W..JAQUITH & CO.,
,. 1312 Market st..
: Rooms 418-410. Telephone Folsom 3468.
A— $2-5: PARTNER in good, live restaurant.
$3tO— Partner in real estate office; -nap.
$27."> — Flat, 0 rooms and bath; good.
$075—14 rooms; in good location; snap.
$350— Saloon: good corner; well worth $j»O.
S.5C0 — Two stores in Richmond; worth $J0w.
a F. REALTY .CO.. 1035 Market st.
$250 — GOOD chance for active man la estab-
lished cash buelneps ? suitable for a man
willing to do plain light work and be satis-
fled with $73 mo.; no previous experience re-
qulred. Commercial Invest. Co.. K>2 Market.
FIRST.CLASS restaurant: central up-to-date,
modern building; fully equipped; S3 regular
boarders: tabUs for 43; receipts $25 to $o0
dally: rent «50; price *850: owner leaves city
Dec. 1.* Exclusively MITCHELL & CO.. 120b
Market et.
MAKING DOLLARS GROW.
Our manager took $1500 supplied by farm-
ers, doctors; clerks, clergymen, women, etc..
In Belfast, Me., and In an honest, profitable
buslneas earned and patd them through Bel-
fntt National Bank
$330,0CO 00 IN CASH IN IS MONTHS.
That's history: all the proof you want.
EVERY DOLLAR EARNED $200 00.
Would you like to have had a few dollars
in that deal? If so, history ts repeating
itself. We have .a great co-operative busi-
ness growing fast.' We have 4000 share-
holders; we want a few more. Send for our
20-page book. "A GUIDE TO FULL POCK-
ETS." It's FREE. You can Invest $1 or
$100. No chance for loss. No get-rlch-qulck ;
scheme, Just a great profit-making business. .
managed l>y a man who knows how to make
It pay. That's all. Don't miss this chance.
NutrloU Co.. U2Y. W. Madison St., Chicago.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 for well-estab-
lished grocery and bar. Box 480, Call.
ADVERTISER wlshen to meet a man with
$15,000 to enlarge present profitable business.
R., box 005. P. .0. San Jcee.
GROCERY and fruit store, cheap, with three
rooms of furniture: central location'; only
$600. Apply 2.1 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Pork store and sausage factory.
Apply to proprietor. 247 Third st.
RESTAURANT doing a splendid business for
sale. Call 604 Turk st .
PARTNER wanted to open a new family
liquor store. Box 4U51, Call.
BRANCH bakery and grocery; cheap. 4181
Twentieth st., near Castro. ¦
FOR sale — First-class grocery and delicacy
store. 3801 Army st., cor. San Jose ave.
ROUTE 12. Ssn Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
FINE paying drygoods store, with lease; own-
er leaving State; no agents. Box 4461. Call,
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ro. -
I.ODGI-TG-HOU3E3 TOB 8ALE.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
.3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters ior Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. -
Elegantly appointed family hotel of 28 rooms;
furnished with everything of the bast; no
better location In city; high-class people;
. furnished 1 new about 1 year; if taken at
' once will be sold at ft actual cost to furnish:
account of sickness.
Well located house close in. .with cheap rent;
two years' lease; furniture and carpets in
first-class condition; will guarantee to clear
$200 per month now and can be made to
clear SUOO; fine ' business proposition.
ISO rooms; .grand, new, modern apartment-
houge; elegantly furnished and equipped;
.cheap rent; fine lease; paying $300 to $000
per month; close in; full of nice people; bar-
' gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
nership.' . . ...
We have a number of special bargains in flats
of 0 to 10 rooms, new * and modern; can be
had tor less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold: either account of sickness or de-
parture.
We have 1.3 beautifully furnished rooms in
fine block on Post st: full nicest kind of
.roomers; new and modern throughout; brings
• in nice Income; furniture In oak,' blrdseye
maple, velvet and axmlnster carpets; cost
$1500 to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $1200. •
An up-to-date downtown ' house; . rent only
$5 Ml per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator; has' 10S rooms, j
; well furnished throughout; now clearing $350
to $150 rer month;. make offer; owner must
leave city; only with us.
10 rooms; rent $05; . good furniture and car-
pets: always full; must sell within next ten
days; leavlns city; make offer.
128 rooms;. cheap rent; long lease; first-class
up-to-date- downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $<X>0 per month: must sell
on account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central: good. fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer. '
45 roomsi rent only $125;- first-class location:
. well furnished and good running order; clear.
Ing. now over $2uO per month; always full:
be«t buy in city; account of sickness; price
$4500. .
Have a little 14-room boarding-house on Geary:
'. nicely equipped - throughout: all full and
' clearing nice Income; price $2000. -
60 rooms: new. modern building; elegantly fur-
nished: close - In; full of first-class' people-:
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to. get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness. " , ¦
Have^new, modern 52-room house; rent $375;
- electric lights, elevator. - corner: ¦ everything
up-to-date; owner - will : exchange for im-
- ' proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
0-room flat; rent only . $30; water fre^.; oak
-,' furniture; good carpets: must sell; price $400.
Model apartment-house. '• _ and 3 rooms each;
" rent • Is Cheap ; elegantly ; < furnished ; . 5- year
" lease; ; there are 00 .rooms;' everything, new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
¦Ickness.
7-room modern flat; "dose' In; weir furnished;
' 'cost f'iuo; a bargnln'tf sold at once; $250.
C5 rooms; best downtown commercial houie in
city; clearing; . now. $-100 per month; every -
thinK first-class condition: will trade for
Oakland, - Alameda : or : Berkeley ; property or
. rnnch In Californla:*mu»t leave city. • *
What do you think? 31-room apartm*nt-house-
¦; rent only $180; where you can Clear $35 per
' .month; -no work;. this you can get for $1100;
wife at hoipltal. '. ¦
Large list of real estate;; rooming-bouses and
- : business for exchange or • trade always on
-hand.- * - "CAMERON. ; 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. -.-'.- . -
A BARGAIN— A rooming-house j of 0 rooms
ar.d bath for rale cheap. Inquire 860 Mis-
:. sion ' st. ;;-^__ti_l____8»____^SjMJ^j|(gg_B
WILL sell : my 30-room apartment! and rooming
sif house;'- corner: ,flne 1 location; no agents. Ad -
drere-box 4542, Call, office.
OAI-LAM) ADTERT'S'I-'TS
O— — Z __TD H~- T - ESTATE.
CHAS. C HULBERT.
Successor to FRANK P. LEE.
911 Broadway.
LISTING TOUR PROPERTY WITH US
MEANS SELLING IT.
USTINO YOUR FLATS OH FLOOHS MEANS
RENTING THEM.
For sale — Snap: apart— lent-house of XT rooms;
completely furnished, clearing $6y per month.
with rear eottase. also furnished; rents for
5U! s*r month; lot 50xlS3; price for all,
**¦"¦>, cr will exchange for 5-room cottage.
J2&I.K) — $500 cash buys a new house of • rooms
and bath; lot 40x100; Golden Gate; or will
rt-r.t for $20 per month.
f_7i*. — Uuys cottag*. 5 rooms and bath; lot
«'ixl3&; will be completed Dec 1; near Key
Route.
Farm of 4 acres In Elmhurst. with cottage of
5 roczx-i and bath; hot and cold water; S5O
choice fruit trees; at a bargain.
:."¦'¦¦ — 2-Etory, 5 rooms and oath; lot 35x140;
rented for $30 per month; owner will take
$_W> mortgage; a good investment.
$o«W — Lot In Emeryville. BOxloO; cheap.
;:»"-. — Buys cottage, 4 rooms and bath; all
sunny.
1 _-"•"¦• — Buys rtore bulldlnc with 4 rooms and
baih; all — io<le— 1. with barn and driveway;
now occupied as a grocery, doing good
business: lot 41x120; a snap.
;:- — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x120:
East Oakland.
Fine furnished flat — 17th st: rent $30.
Furnished 2at — 7 roorrj and bath; Berke-
ley; f2S.
For rei:t — Cottare, 4 rooms and bath: Linden
st.: ?12-
BUSINESS CHANCES.
Do you want to buy or sell a business?
Come and eee us.
O:stn— bakery. 800 loaves per day. pies
s-i i c&k es.
Confectionery and Ice cream business, big
trsde.
Hardware -tores and paints, $20,000 trade
annually.
Groceries, $2000 trade monthly.
Gents' furnishing and custom tailoring busl-
ce_s.
Millinery, first-class trade. >
Dairy. crca.me— •• end milk business. 30 cows,
big route; a barraln.
CHAS. C. HCLBERT.
Oil Br-^dway. O-kland.
$5S0© — AN elepant K-rocm house and modern
bath, ar.d lot 50x100: all improved In lawn
and cement wa'.ks; house Is elegantly car-
peted and mostly furnished with first-class
furnltur*-: positively a sacrlfle*. See owner.
R. B. CALLAHAN. 26 Montgomery st.
2 ACRES near Fan Leandro: hlehly improved
with chl^kene cow. 6-roora cottaee $3000.
C. K. KING. ' 404 Ninth St., O&kland.
jr.100 — FOUR cottages c-f 5 rooms each: lot
lOOxlOD; bank mortgage $22»X>: rent $38 per
montjs; near Fortieth st.. Key Route.
HL'GH M. CAMERON.
10.-.S Broadway.
GOOD property fir sale; ca!I Eundays; 2 cot-
tages. ?2<w> t rent- for $42; Key route cot-
tagev C. H. THALER. 417 SSth st. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOUSES TO LET.
BIG new catalogue of desirable vacant heu»e«
Ju« out; tend (nr it. GEO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broad-tray. Oakland.
BEKINR Van and Storare Co.. furniture mov-
er«. K'K. Broadway; pnor.e Main OCT.
O'.KL;.!?D SOOMS AST!) BOAED
"THE L>elaware" — Handsome eun:iy rooms,
-bath _nd gas; C minutes to narrow-gauge; 1
block to Key rout*; $20 up. 517 Hobart St.,
ccrr.er Tele;— s!*h aye.
OAKLAND BOOEIS TO LET.
—V I»LJr i.^ ED f?€_t,l€T7i_Lt_ irifliv r^nt _ nicf? sunny
room: private family; close in; Jones tt.
Hex 151»>. Ca!l office. Oakland.
O_-X-Z__I~D ~~__7TTT7B_ rCE S-UdS.
TO-MOnROT\' the day for bargains in rurnj-
ture. H. £ch>:haas. 11th et..cor.store.Oakland
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'-I'Tis
— I-- VAI.I.EY beat. -«-*-—;
$i00—^30 CASH— BALANCE $10 MONTHLY,
buys a big lot in the only tract In popular
Mill VaDe— , Tihere lots can be bought on
t- uch eity tenus; within a stone's throw j
from the station; on graded streets; water 1
majne laid; grend redwuud and madrone trees;
thousands ci dollars have been 6pent on im-
provements; tr.any artiftlc and expensive
homes I'cve been ertcted.
12b UJTS SOLD UP TO DATE.
.\-- -•; ca the ground funciajs. Send for
Illustrated booklet.
LYON & HOAG.
11«J Montgomery st.
»San Francisco Advertiseuvta
C-1'J-.CH SSBTTCXS.
eiMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, corner of |
Hayes anU Uuchanan sts. — Rev. James H. :
TC. Williams, r-Etor. Morning subject at 11
o'clock. '"Tbe Supreme Experience." At 7:30 1
the merman will be for young men. There {
wilt be a poirt-t lection prelude on "A Grave 1
for Grafters." A lar^e choir, with Professor
Blake ilrtctor. will furnish the beet of J
mu«!c. ;
¦¦ t
CRAOi: Methodist Episcopal Church, cor. |
Twent> -firrt and Capp st»>. — Rtv. Francis ;
M. Larkin. Ph. 1).. paster, residence ZZln
TweoQr-firat st. Services 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Hunday (.chool at 12:46 p. m. More-
lr.g rubject. "The Grumbling Saints." Even- I
ing rubj^ct. "Men's Work for Men."
CENTRAL M. E. Cliurch, MUsion St.. bet
K!xth and Seventh — The iiastor. Rev. George
W. White, will preach* both morning and
nipht. Sunday-s< hool at 12:45. Holla V. ;
V.'atl. superintendent. Toung People's meet- !
Ing at 0:15. Church is close to hotels. Good ;
music. Hects ;:•••.
CALIFOHNIA-ST. Methodist Church, cor.
'\i... rr..-i and Broderlck sts.- : -The pastor.
Rev. George A. Housh. will preach in the
morning-. l>r. W. 6. Matthew, presiding
elder, in the ever.ing. Solus by Miss Smith
and Mini Ncrthon. Sunday-school at 9:45.
Kl>wcrth League at C:3u. All are cordially
invited. Seats free.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Jackson
and Fillmore «ts. — Rev. John Hemphlll. D.D..
pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock. 'Ser-
raon, io;,ie. 'The Catholicity of Christian-
ity." The pastor will preach. Ever.lr.s serv*
i.e at 7:30 o'clock. An Illustrated talk will
be given hy Mr. Henry J. McCoy, general
r.eeretary Y. M. C. A. Subject. "Young Men-
end the Growth of the Kingdom." Sabbath
school at t>_n a. m. Christian Endeavor
meeting at C:'M p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are
cordially invited.
U.VITAP.1AN Church (First), SW. oor. Geary
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister. Junior Church and Sunday school
art at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavltt
and C. A. M-rdock, superintendents. Sunday
. service is at 11 o'clock. There is no evening
service. Mr. Lesvltt will preach; subject,
•"JT.e HTV.e." This Is the first of a eeries
of six "Straight Sermons on Great Subjects."
Mu.«lc by quartet under direction of H.
limherick. organist. All are cordially In-
vitrd.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and «>:>:> sts. (take Mlissicn or Valen-
< !a s.t. rar.) — C. Calvert fimoot. minister.'
¦i"he Sunday-school meets at »:45 o'clock:
Mr*. I-. A. Corel, sunerlntendent. At the
tnomin-r sen-Ice, at 11 o'clock, C Calvert
frmoot will preach; BUbject, , "What the
Cburch Owes the World." MuMc by orches-
ira and choir, under the direction of Mr.
Jabivh Clement. All cordially invited. No
tver.-.riR sc-rvice.
THmi> <"oncregatlonal Church. Fifteenth «t..
nt-er Mission— llev. Wllliem Radcr. pastor;
residence. Hotel Manhattan. 11 a. m.. "Ell.
.inh and Jonah, or Two Types of Religion
Contracted." 7:S0 p. m.. "Oliver Twift—
a Study in Boys." Four* in series. The
Carift Crtr* and "Rader Rese— .-es" will at-
tend in a body.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Ma*on «ra. — Rev. Georre C. Adams. I>. D..
I>astor. will nreach at both services. At 11
«.. m., topic, "A Religious Revival." At 7{45
11. m.. topic. "The Letter and the Spirit"
All are cordially Invited.
FIliST PresL>terian Church. Van Nesa ave.
nr.d fcavra:*'«jtv 't — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. i_rt<-»r. Sen-Ice* at 11 a. m. and
7 :^O o. in. The p*"tor will preach at both,
feej-vice*". S'in<5ay-(fchool, 9:40 a. m.: Chrls-
«<2n Endeavor, 5:ao and 6:30 p. m.; Wednes-
day h p. m.. midweek service. All are cor-
dially tnxit'd.
THTN1TV Pj vtbyterlan Chcrch. Twenty-third
• . and Ca;v» »ts. — Rev. Edward K. Strong.
paster. Divine worship at 11 a. m. and 7:30
1 p. m. The pastor will preach In the mo— 1-
inr and Rev. G*orre L. Srilntag, ' D.D., of
South Oranre. N. J.,. a former paitor of
Trmit^ Church, will preach in the evening.
lilbl* school : t nocn and Endeavor Society
at _:30 i>. — .. Strangers welcome.
A SPECIAL meeting will be held at the Toung
-¦!¦ r.'5 Chrlctian Aeaociation to-day at 3
j c'cJocU. to which all men of the city are in-
vited. Rev. E. E. Baker. D.D., pastor of the
Fir»t Presbyterian Cburch of Oakland, will
deliver the addrc-Mt. and the Robson's or-
chestra will furnish \ special ., music. This
m^tlnx will b- followed by a sacred con-
rert. group Bible classes and a lellowshin
luach«m~:_#____i__H______K'' ' - ¦--¦¦'
j C-nreCH S-aYICES — Co-ttnnea.
1 GRACE Church, California st, corner'Stock-
tion — Rev. David J. Evans rector. Celebra-
tion of holy communion at 8 a. m. : morning
service at 11 o'clock; Te Deum and Jubilate.
Hall's service in C: offertory "Ye Shall
Dwell In the Land," Steiner; full cathedral
] service 7:45 p. m. : all seats free at thls
; «i*rvice. The sermon at both services will
! be by the rector. Organist and choirmaster,
William H. Holt
ST. PAUL'S Church. California and Flllmore
sts.— Rev. W. M. Rellly, rector. Rev. W. H.
lloff, assistant Holy communion at "• :30
a. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a, m. /'Morn-
tn_ prayer and sermon by the Rev. Dean
Macintosh of Honlulu at 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer and sermon, 7:45. !
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts.— Holy
Communion, 7:30 a. m.; morning prayer, 11
o'clock, sermon by the rector: evening prayer
at S o'clock. The rector will answer the
question. "What Was Done at the General
Convention T' Dr. F. WT Clam pett. rector.
FIRST Baptlet Church. 820 Eddy st— Rev. C.
A. Wooddy, D. D.. of Portland. Oregon,
preaches at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Bible |
scHool. 12:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor
meetings. 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting. Wed-
nesday. 7:45 p. m. A cordial invitation is
extended to all. Beats free.
FIRST CHURCH OF CHRIST. Scientist.
Central block. 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny
and Grant ave.— Christian Science service
at 11 a. m.; subject of lesson -sermon. "Soul
and Body"; Sunday school for children at
the same hour; Wednesday evening meeting
at 8 o'clock: free reading-room. 20« Kearny I
St.. rooms 509-510; all are welcome. j
THE People's Cliurch meets every Sunday)
evening at 8 o'clock In Elks Hall. 223 Sutter |
St.- subject this evening, "True Mediumship j
and How to Attain It" Pastor, Mrs. Anna ,
L. GUIesple; residence, 1101 O'Farrcll st j
' ¦ — ¦ . ¦ ' !
-Q-ETl-TQS— SVNPAT. j
PROFESSOR FRED P. EVANS, the famous I
psychic, known throurhout the occult world ,
as the peer of slate writers: Interviews dally
on all subjects of Interest, business, social or
spiritual. Office 1112 Eddy St.. near Octavia;
I hone Scott 6*7; send stamp for circular.
"REXRADIO'S" free lectures and "public"
liealing. wilh "tests" for all. to-day (and i
dally). 2 and 8 p. m. Radium Ha41 •83»4 |
Market tt.. cor. Fourth. (See long list j
of ads. In "Personals" column, dally).
_____——_——————— — .. 1
A— TESTS I. O O. F. bldg.. "7th and M»rket: \
7-7:30 sharp. Wilson; 7:30, Hargrave, Dr. |
Cowan; 10c. ' 1
MRS. EBERHARDT, circle to-night. 10c. 287
San Jo* ave., bet. 24th and 23th sts.; read-
lnrs dally. j
TESTS Scottish Hall; 8 p. m.: Maxwell. |
,Hovet, McKee, Wrenn. Samuels. Neilson; ;
music, singing. j
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and ,
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait Houss. j
¦ — — 1 ; j
ZOBEIDE. astrological life reader and busl- j
ness medium. 1206 Market at., room 65. I
CHILDREN'S Lyceum at 10:30; Market and j
Seventh; Odd Fellows' No. 8; free library, j
CIP.CLE to-night. 10c. Prof. SabHck Egyptian |
occult; daily 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 700 Ellis et. j
A. S. HOWE. "Timely Topics," 2 p. m.. room
8. 7th _ Mkt.; r.pirit messages. Mrs. Howe. ;
PROF. GEE. medium, and healer: readings
daily; circle every night, 10c. 1206 Market. .
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister st— Mrs.C. '
J. Meyer; sit daily; tests to all every eve. ;10c. !
MME. YQL'NG'S test circle to-night: Mrs. Seal
lecture. C19 McAllister; 10c: come skeptics.
MRS. STODDARD'S select full test rod; ee-
ances. 25c; Sun., Tues.. sits dally. 27* Oth. ;
MRS. HARLAND'S evening test circles, to- j
Mght 10c; readings 50c. $1. 14S Sixth st.
W. G. KKEGAN holds a tert seance every ;
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st. I
MEETINGS — THEOSOPHICAL.
THE Theoecphical Society. Academy of Eci- I
eoces Hall— Public lecture, S p. m.. by Mr.
Thomas Prime; subject, "Dream Conscious-
ness" Music by Prof. W. H. Llpscombe.
!____ STJU _AT __CTTTK_:S.
DR. .JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening in Electricians' Hall. 35 Eddy St. —
Subject. "The Secretions of the Body." fol-
lowed by views ol a visit to Germany; free ',
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exbl- j
Mtioa at Sanitarium Tuesday evening; re- |
member the question box; special music.
! HARRY GAZE, at Golden Gate Hall at S, !
subject. "Life Culture for Health and
Youth." Admission 10c. .Lecturer'^ home
address. 914 Pine st ' • :
SCIENCE of Being lecture, "The Passport to
Success," by Sarah J. Watklns, 8 p. m.. :
Odd Fellows' bldg.. Seventh and Market;
seau f r*. . :
LKNA MORROW LEWIS speaks to-night at 8, '
Carmen's Hall. 310 O'Farrell st, subject,
"The Big Socialist Vote — What It Means."
MAURICE ARNOLD of New York on "The
Art of Orchestration," at Golden Gate Hall
th(» afternoon at 2; 20c. " . ;
MISS FRANCES E. SPEYER will speak at
Golden Gate Hall to-day, 11 a. n*. ; subject
"The Secret of Power."
I ' ;
I AUSTIN LEWIS Alhambra Theater, Sunday.
! November 27; subject "What Is the Socialist
; Movement?" i
I DR BnTIERO. free lecture. Golden Gate Hall,
I C25 Sutter et. 8 p. m. ; sub., "Black Magic." ,
' DR. COLLINGE, subject, "Inspiration." Wel-
come Hall. Odd Fallows' building. 8 p. m. I
M-ETTNQ .fOTIC-3. - !
THE Swedish Lodge Odin No. 303, <_aK_*f,
1 IOC. F-, m»et« every WED- S72P^?Hih
NEHDAT NIGHT in Fraternal^^SS?Sj^
Hall Odd Fellows' building. Vis- .
i lt'.ng brothers always welcome. .
GEORGE G. MOREN. N. G.
; SWAN CHYTRAUS. Secretary^
j ¦ ¦ ]
¦ FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. .<__«_*',
O. F. — Initiation JI0Nr>AT ?2JBSfej
EVENING November 14. Vis- -J55j]g£vt*
Itor. invited. MITOTEI _, *£cT
; J. GRAY JR.. Recording Secretary.
t ; — :
' HARMONY L. O. L., No. 127, meets ft,*-
I In Red Men's Hall, 220 Golden Gate _H54*
: ave.. on the FIRST and THIRD /Ov£A
FRIDAYS in each month. 0^*,^
D. F. THOMPSON, W. M. "J_«
• . -
MODERN Woodmen ©f America, Good- vOtS* 7
fellowship Camp 0633, M. W. of A., I <y
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at I_X_
Electricians' Hall. 05 Eddy St., city, l^i^
W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
f W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room C27
I Emma £preckel* building.
CLAN FRASER No. 78, O. S. C. t_K§l
will celtbrate Hum* 1 birthday '<y __Sw^Gl
grand concert and dance in Native
Sons' Hall, January 24. 1005. 'F<T J I
. COMMITTEE. •** 3 '
1 MARINE Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
35 — Members are hereby notified . to attend
i- the funeral of our deceased brother. N. P.
<JUINN. from the parlors of the United Un-
dertaker*. JrtiO Mirelon street, SUNDAY, No-
vember 13. at '•>:'¦}>> a. m.
RICHARD J. MURRAY. President
WM. M. COOMBS. Secretary.
j THE California Debris Commission, having re-
1 ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
I . ceas from E. Bantlrfo. In Santlrfo mine, near
' Volcano^ Amador County. Cal.. draining Into
1 Grass Vall<y Cre<k. which reaches Moke-
lumne Rtver; from L. Delucchi and S. Mai-
sera. In Ma-xera' mine, near Volcano, Ama-
dor County. Cal.,-drs!nlng into South Branch
Butter Creek, which reachqs Mokelumne
Klver; from O. Engle. In Manila mine, near
lgo, Shasta County. Cal., draining Into Dry
i Crwk, which reaches Sacramento River:
from Gold Run Mining Company, . in Gold
Hun mine, near. Qulncy, Plurnas County,
Cal., draining into Spanish Creek, which
reaches Feather River, and from H. A. and
A. A. Hallstead, .In M*gown. mine,' near
: Hpanish ranch, Plumas County, Cal.. drain-
ing into Spanish Creek, which reaches Feath-
1 er River, gives notice that a meeting to re-
¦ celve any protects will be beld at room 96,
Flood building, tan Francisco, Cat... Nov.
' 2S. 1904. at 1:30 p. m. _^^
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraullo
process from J. McGrath, in Red Rock mine,
at Howland Flat, Sierra County. Cal., drain-
iri Into Elate Creek, which - reaches Yuba
River, and from Douglas 8. Cone and
<¦ Charles L. Reynolds, tn Bmlth'a Blue Gravel
mine, near Ono, Shasta County, Cal., . drain-
ing into - Jerusalem Creek, ' which reaches
Sacramento River, gives notice that a meet-
Ing to receive any protests will ¦ be held at
room 96, Flood building. San Francisco.
Cal.. Nov. 21. 1904. at 1:30 p. m. -¦>¦• j-
AUTOMOBILES.
"B". CADILLAC, used 3 months, complete
with lamps, baskets, extra tires, etc., price
$800. C. F. FLETTER, Hotel - Metropole,
I Oakland. '
FORD Automobile, 1904.'. for sale, with lamps,
cearchllfrht and tonneau; everything com-
plete. Box 4505. Call office.
WANTED— -Automobile, light tonneau; auto car
\.pref.; state lowest carh price. Box 443,'- Call.
• WANTED — Good second-hand - ; automobile-
1 state price.- etc. Box 4008, Call office.
j AQBirrS W-JTTBP.
I IF you are interested In mind reading jend
10c for the blackboard trick; you can add a
column of figures blindfolded. Pacific School
of Magic. 120 Sutter st., 3an Francisco.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Nov^
elty Sign Cards": every merchant buys from
10 to 100 on sight; 800 varieties; catalogue
free. ; SULLIVAN CO.. 1130 Maplewood ave.,
Chicago, III. ¦ -
I $18 WEEKLY and expenses to men with rigs
t to sell poultry compound. Imperial Mfg.
! Co.. dept. C4, Parsons. Kan*. ¦
[ WANTED — Agents to canvass for . household
I necessities; good pay and steady work. C.
1 F. ADAMS. 318 Mason st.
1 WORK for yourself; let us start you in a mall
; order business; profitable. Box 228, depart-
'¦ ment C. Oakland. Cal. , . T .
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders. Pa-
clflo Agents Supply Co.. 1220 Treat ave., S.F.
1 RELIABLE agent to sell street guides; Q0 per
I cent commission. 320 Sansome st, room. 47.
LADY agents : wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's Suppositories. 1312 Market St. r. 316.
AST-tO-OOT.
A8TOR, famous New Vork astrologer: man of
ability; consultation, lessons. 907 Market st.
.ATTO__T_TS-AT-I__V/.
; A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
1 a specialty: quick; quiet; no money needed:
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st .
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room 011; established 20
years; all courts general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel Red 3601.
AA — Divorce; eost» $12; qulck,qulet;advlce fre,e;
all law business; no charge unless succean-
ful; open evenings. 027 Market St., room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees -or
costs in advance: all law business; office
1 open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market, room 301: coneulta-
tlon tree; no fees In advance: open evenings.
A—OFTXO-f.
FRIEND in need; If worried, come and see
me. DR. EMILY FUNKE. 1410 Eighth St..
Alameda.
FINE 6-months-oId boy; good parents; refer-
ences required. Box 4872. Call office. .
' AST— MA CP~_. r
DI NOLA'S' Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
10c, 25c, 60c. 1CC2 Market, St. Nicholas;
also Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
balm o~ nag.
POSITIVELY cures all diseases of women;
operations unnecessary; 12 per month. Ap-
ply or address 804 Larkin et. , ;
BOA—DUTQ TOR CE_PS-H.
WIDOW would like child to board; eunny :
yard and room for parent. 1735 Mission at.
WANTED — Chlldern to board by day; best of
care. 021 Jackson ¦ St., - rear. ;
LADY would like a child to board; good home.
Box 4S04. Call.
WANTED— To board a child. 431% Tehama
street. • ' .
? Y SIWES3 cgA ? 0ES %^ .^^
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
017 Market st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folsom 184a
W GROCERY and bar, located on busy street;
large stock and good fixtures; Al trade; 3
nice living rooms; bargain for $S50. See
BROOKBANK. :
$150 BUYS br. bakery, delicacy, grocery ami
milk dei>ot; S nice turn, rooms; cheap rent;
.a bargain. See BROOKBANK. 917 Market.
$.50 — PARTNER for well-paying cigar stand
on Market st.; elegant fixtures; full stock;
money-maker. See BROOKBANK.
$775 BUYS a nice little grocery and bar;
good stock and flxturee; cheaD rent. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007% Market St.
$500 — LARGE fruit store and fifth market:
horse and wagon; large stock; Uvine room..
1007% Market st, . ' . . ,:
WANTED— For cash, saloon license. WEST-
ERN REALTY CO.. 1007% Market st.
SALOON — *n. attention! We have 2 good
saloons en Sixth st. 1007% Market st. ¦
$125 — PARTNER, dear store, to take full
charge. WESTERN REALTY CO.. 1007%
Market et. •
$1500 — REAL estate business; a long estab-
lished unincumbered general real estate and
insurance agency of thoroughly reliable repu-
tation, doing good business; thoroughly
equipped; best location in Berkeley; answer
immediately; a sacrifice. Box 240, Berkeley ,
Gazette office. Berkeley.
PHYSICIAN and drugstore needed in South
. San Francisco; population 2000; growing rap-
idly; enly one physician and one small drug-
store; weekly payroll manufacturing estab-
Ishroents $10,000; unprecedented opening. In-
quire at 1684 Market st.. room 213, San
I'randsco. '
"GUIDE TO SUCCESS"— This booklet tells
bow $100 earned $700 in 0 days, $50 earned
$300 in 5 days for our customers; complete
i information on grain and stock markets sent
with market letter on receipt of postal. LO-
GAN &. ROACH, Board of Trade, Chicago.
$3250 BUYS butcher business In. suburbs of
Oakland; extensive trade; building and
ground on main highway; retiring from
business: see my adepts. 1 - .*
SALtJBURY & YOUNG,
072 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
1 -
! A — $300 WILL secure a bright young man or
woman a half interest in a first -class real
' estate business with an experienced - and
" well known man; capability Is ' the main
{ requisite to take advantage of this offer.
j Address box 49SS. Call office.
! FOR SALE— "..-¦¦
j $10,000 will buy a first-class commercial -ho-
• trt; clearing not less than $5000 per year;
! good reason for selling;- no agents.- For par-
I tlculars addres* A. KAYtiER, 811 Broadway,
i Oakland, Cal. ,
¦ WANTED — Gentleman with small capital to
manage office ' here; can employ unlimited
' number of salesmen; no money .required for
goods until sold; $50 can be cleared daily.
Address box 4570, Call efflce. : y
, $3 EACH— I have 2 new style penny gum
; machines; they are dandles; with $200 to
; $300 you can make a good and easy, living;
I give exclusive cqntrol of any city or town
I on the coast. Coast Agency, Ull G. - G. ave.
'FOR. rent — 2 acres of land; chicken houses;
• • bouse with 8 rooms, furnished, including
• piano; suitable for hoarding-house and chick-
en ranch; $25 month; 5 minutes' walk to
depot Apply 2207% Mission st
SALOON men. attention — "K>ter front saloon
; for -ale; best in •city; at a bargain;. rooming,
houoe In connection: doing - good business;
! sickness cause of selling. See COLEMAN,
i 806 Mutual Bankbldff. ;¦ , - "
} PROSPEROUS store and living rooms. 1909
McAllister st, near earhouse; suitable for
restaurant thtre. being 1 no' such "place mar
that iocatlcn; good chance for man and wife.
: WANT capable man-, with some means, to or-.
! irar.lze company and manage ~ manufactur-
ing Industry Of great possibilities; give ex-
perience and references. Box 4817, Call. •
; A GOOD living easy; $75 to $100 ; a month;
< ¦ only a few hours' work; I am leaving city:
1 - a snap; $500 - to $1000; part cash. 600
Golden Gate ave., city. „ .- .
PAKTNER— Detective ar.d collection; small
. capital; - established business.- McDIAR-
MID'S, . 1014 Broadway. Oakland. , .; .,
$900— RESTAURANT;, great bargain; fine lo.
i cation; Kood business; party going East; also
' ' list of saloons. Eltel _ Carroll, 212 Kearny.
'. $1800— GROCERY _ftnd fruit store.', Oakland;
i good location; must sell; 'owner. going t East
I C. F. BURKB 14 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
! SALOON for sale— At entrance to tunnel of
Bay Shore Ry. vl921 Fifteenth ave. south.,
j bet. Q and R ets.. nr. R; R. ave. ¦ , r "- ;
I EXCELLENT, tstab. . business for ' sale: good
.chance for indusrtious man. . ; 1322 Pacific st
PHOTOGRAPH gallery for .'.ale. 'T. P. 'AN-
DREWS. 100 Montgomery st.
$4WJ— SALOON for rale. . Inquire ; GOLDEN
EAGLEDIST. CQ., « 419 Montgomery st.. - .
$1500 FOR a saloon,. road 'and rooming house?
j rent $33. 1224 Frultvale .; ave. .- \. r
'man wants lady, partner In rooming-house;
j well filled. now; small capital. 010 Geary at.
1 " ' ...,.¦
I C. E.vJEWETT, Purchasing Agent. '3C0 Lar-
kin St., r..49; cor.' solicited; phone South 310."
$125— CANDY - and ' paatry, 3 finely fur. ' rooms
¦ . and basement. ¦ 525 . Taylor st., ; nr. . Post. ;,. ..- . .
PARTNER wan ted in. milk business; $150 mo
> to each. ; Box 846,. Call. • '
' FOR ¦ sale — Cheap, .lat-class oyster . and ' chop
house. 20% "Seventh, st, 1 nr. hew postofflce.
BTJSIlfrS3 CHASTCES — Cont-mea. ' J
RESTAURANT and cafe close to" Market and
Powell sts.; lease: place elegantly fitted up
and doing a lars* business; best class of
patronage; owner engaged in other busi-
ness; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE.
26H Kearny st. - ' " ¦. ¦¦ ' ¦¦
A— $600: ROADHOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
rent $20: 5 years' lease;'very best location:
on San MaUo road. See R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny it. ' r- -¦_
A— $2450: CORNER grocery and bar; 6 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busl-
•ness; location can't be beat; value in sight
See R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $5500; SALOON: about 1 block from Phelan
building; net rent $125; lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare - chance. R. G.
I. WILKE. 26H Kearny et
I A — $2800; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
' block from Examiner building; place estab-
I - llshfcd years; doing a- first-class business;
{ about $70 per day. Particular* see R. u.
WILKE - 26 M> Kearny st "» '¦ '
A— $!?,">0: BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce store; I block from Palace Hotel;
dally receipu from $30 up; horse, wagon;
place cl-arlng $20O per month. Se* R. G.
WILK.E. 2t>H Kearny st. • '.
A— $0«V-CORNER saloon, with cigar stand.
on. Fourth st., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
. a . good paying place; bargain. ; Bee R. u.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st. .
! A— SlfOO— O Id established commission store,
> dairy produce, etc., must be sold at once on
! account of death; a very rare chance, as busl-
- nes» ts known lor 29 years as a good reliable
houaa. R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny af.
A— $CSOO; THE leading candy, icecream and
1 oyster p&rlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about 41500; rent $00; no nicer flttej
vp place this kind in the State; rare chance.
i C»» R- Q- WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $4000: CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
couth of Market st.; net rent $90; lease I
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in eight. Bee R. G. WILKE. 2B% Kearny.
A— $30o; CIGAR stand: rent $30; only 2 block*
; from Call building; a bargain. Call R. a.
l WILKE. 2B% Kearny st -.. '
A— $800; CORNER taloon; rent $20: place aur-
I rounded by factories and doing a good pay-.
' tsg buslneea Call R- G. WILKE, 26%
I Kearny at. - .
J A— $2630; HOTEL of 30 rooms: rent $100: lease;
¦ with nrst-clas* paying saloon In manufactur-
I Ing town across the bay; a good paying busl-
j n«s. See R. O. WILKE. 2U% Kearny st
A— $760; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daly receipts about $20; best location north of
Market st. Call R. O. WILKK, 2C% Kearny.
A-$3000; CORONER grocery and bar on Fulton
st; rent $C0: living rooms; stock will ln-
¦ voice abcut S2S00; a well established and
{ fin t-clasa paying business. See R. Q.
WILKE. 26%'Kearny st
A FINE grocery in Western Addition; new
I sto'ck: $3500. or will take partner.
Saloon on Fourth et. near Market; $1900.
Hotel of 5t> rooms in good country town;
cheap rent; $2500. • _;_•
I Cigar store on Third it; rent $10;. $300.
! Roadhouse In San Mateo County with 8
acres good land; 1 mile from Redwood City.
A large list of •businesses, rooming-houses
! and hotels for sale and exchange. EITEL
I & CARROLL. 212. Kearny St. .
j TO lease — Redwo« Rest, Mill Valley; 5 cot-
tages, small store, refreshment tables an. I
mineral spring. MORSE & PERRY. 632
Market et.
j WANTED— Restaurant, from $20CO to $3000;
v must bear Investigation. Box 4846, Call.
MANUFACTURING business ready to run Is
in rued of limited capital; Board of Trade
indorsement; between 6 and S p. in., 820
Scott st.
j A— $300; PARTNER wanted In light mechanl-
I cal business ; no previous experience required;
$15 td $35 a week eac*. 47 Geary, room 2.
' FOR sals — Grocery store; fine locality; up-to-
¦ date stock; retiring from business. Box .
t 4939, Call. ~ .V
1 — —
COUNTRY newspaper properties for sale;
i dally, weekly. W. F. CORNELL *: CO., 518 j
j Sacramento st. "
: $250 WILL buy rfn established business that
1. will pay $100 per month. S. F. Street Dl-
i rectory Co.. 002 Brpadway. Oakland^
! WANT $3000 to $10,000: squab and pigeon
i business; advertiser thoroughly experienced; j
j sure market; large profits. Box 811. Call. 1 '
¦ FOR sale — Good-paying grocery, liquors and i
I bakery- on account of retiring: 64 Rausch | '
' St., bet 7th and Sth.^JIoward and Folsoreu
1 $1000 — CORNER grocery and liquors; no op- 1
1 position; splendid location. ••' Inquire 1621'
j . Buchanan st. ¦
! $3000 BUYS a restaurant 'with a commanding
: location: fine equipment and showing < splen-
| did profits. Box 817. Call. -
i FOR sale — Small candy store and icecream par.
I lor with 2 living rooms, completely fur-
; nlshed. Box 4r5, Call. ,
I GOOD plumbing and tinning business; tools.
Stoves. Address YOUNGS & BARRY,
j Berkeley.^ >
business; will sell very cheap;
! owner leaving city; 3 living rooms. 848
Howard st. . ,'. ' ¦ ' '
FOR sale — Stationery, notions and icecream
'¦¦ *tore; living rooms, with 3 years' lease. Box
: 4002. Call office. -
! GROCERY store; on beFt corner in Oakland;
1 low rent; good business; Investigate at once.
I 1210 San Pab'.o ave.. Oakland.
i AN income for the family: dividends that will
• pIcHee you. Address 701 Drexel' bldg., Phil-
: adelvhia, Pa- " ¦ ¦- ' ' . '¦ ' > • ' ¦
j MANUFACTURING business; 9000 boxes,
booklets, machine, etc.; $C00; full value. Box
4099. Call. . ' .
$2D0 AND services buy half Interest manufac-
turing cosmetic bus., beauty parlor. 242 Pofet.
PARTNER with a small' 'capital of $175;
clears $75 a month. 412 Broadway. _
GROCERY and bar In Mission for sale. Ad-
dress box 4701, Call office.- ..¦.'' ' '
WANTED— To buy a delicatessen store; give
location and price. Box 4105, Call office.
WANTED— Butcher shop with full equipment,
j Box 4408, Call qfflce. . ..
I RESTAURANT at 314 Hayes st; investigate
i this If you want a business.
1 FOR sale — Small Bullttln route. - Inquire Bul-
. letln. 233 "Kearny St.. room 10.
¦A WOMAN wants charge o* a partnership in
j squab ranch. Box 49454, Call. V - .
i 60 OK 100 share* Cypress Lawn stock; a bar-
| gain; $«00. Box 427. Call office.
! FOR ' sale — Bargain for cash; photo gallery,
j San Jose, Address P. O.. box 1300, San Jose.
i TO buy a good paying drug business. Box
1 429. Call office. - ' . . .,
'WANTED — A saloon license; state price. Box
I '411. Call. ¦'¦;-. '.".:.
$1CCO HALF partner or $1000 whole; 15
I rooms; bar; 3 years' leas*. 210-212 East, st
I CANDY store or half interest in mfir. busi-
j' ness; candy man preferred. 1910 Market st
FOR sale— A email grocery and bar. j Inquire
; at Jackson ¦ Brewery, box 857. Call.' .
j WELL-PA YINO restaurant and boardlng-
; house; little opposition. .• 417 Grant bid., 1-5.
BRANCH bakery, rtotlons, candy, and delica-
tessen for sale. . Apply at 403A. Sixth st.
A SUBURBAN- hotel and roadhouse property;
$4500 if sold within next 10 days: owner has
to leave for East Immediately: 'hlg bargain.
Addres- care . E." R. .' ELI ASSEN. 540 Croas-
' ley < buildinr, S. F. , - ' ¦ - . ¦'- ' '
J26O0— HOTEL across the bay; 30 .well fur-
nlched " rooms with , kitchen, . dining-room,
parlor and bar In connection; rent $30; 1 3
years' lease. Inquire owner. O.' WEIN-
H OLD, : cor. Lombard and Lyon sta., city. ¦ • .
CALL route for sale: good route in < Alameda.
Apply, to this office or call <ai 1913 Pacific
ave., Alameda; I take -broad gauge train,'- get-
ell- at 1 Grand st' station,; Alamsda; tcall be-
fore 12 noon. : " •• ' •
$500 TO $10,000 raloons; good bargains.- ¦ *
|4&O; to $3000 restaurants: good ¦ bargains. .
•' $750/— Partner: business chance; trlfler- need
-¦inot'hpply BERG &. POPP, 318 Kearny st. ..
FOIt .' a , few • hundred dollars an ambitious
; printer can secure: a well-established print-
Ing .business : v 111 health'cauee of .sacrifice.
Address box 4C91. Call office. ; _ • "
WANTED— Partner with $300 to $600 in good
1 placer mine' ready to work: partner to take
,V charge: married man preferred.' •' 4tJ2 Twelfth
< §?st."'i Oakland. «M_-__E_-fliN t $-__il ."•-¦•• -.-¦
ONLY I $250 buys I oyster I and chop house ; | dally
¦ : eash ' trnde* $15:. tent $16; . positive v bargain.
• Martn : Investment , Company," 235 . Kearnj% st
NEW Arkansas oil field— G. M. . Bailey. Mls-
sourl Pacific Immigration agent, -Little Rock,
Ark'.; can get you an" oil lease," trifling ex-
pense.'u Fortunes ¦ from future sale - leaseg. .-
A- MAN- with a few hundred dollar* to buy
-In partnership In -a store; good opportunity,
y Box 4561). • Call, office.
V 100 I/»TS ; free— Applicants sending stamp will
\- receive- de^d' of lot,; sl»e^20x100 feet.* Suburb."
: NewiYgrk" 20th Century Realty.'Co..' CiWall
': Ft/,' New York;MB_gSjti_IB__|THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL: SUNDAY, NOVEMBER . 13, 1904.
49
CLAIBVOYAHTS — Oonttnned.
AA—
(h reading, (1 this we^k.
$1 > *1 *1 *1 »1 fl
i.biraa . i'RtjF. U. KHIUON. -Chiron,
The !::...:;. nt Clairvoyant. Seer.
1 hctvhv agret- and guarantee to make no
' ____,« U 1 i-il to a-ii yuur lull name., what
>..u t___I lor. whom and when you will mir-
:.. . u-hrtiier hufeband. wife or sweetheart U
uue or talM. names ot Irlends, enemies or
ruili; advice on uutmees, Uw, love, marnuge,
dnurce *"4 all domestic and financial dilficul-
ue»: locate, mines and valuable ores; reunites
w.oranii; restores youth and lu.t vitality;
cure* diseases. I rruroise to tell you how to
iiain the one you must desire, even though
miles away: In fact, tell you every hope.
:far tir ambition better th&a you can tell your-
»-eli' — and it you are not absolutely sati£&«<l
when reading- is over <you to be full Judge;,
Han oaj- me nothing.
It may be cf vital importance to you to know
the tjuteoir.e of >cur present distress.
You may wlrh to know "I( it is advisable to
rrcke a change In business, in love, in mar-
riairt?" -
"trhiil: 1 tucowfl In my new undertaking-?"
"C-B 1 "btain my hopes, my wishes, my
KrrbUicnsr*
•How i en I make my business a sue«— *s?"
-.•shall 1 enjoy the luxuries cf wraith?"
Vrn I trust my friends T' "Have I ene-
mies?"
"Wr-n shall I marry?" Ehall I , be dl-
vureec.?"
"Hew often ehall I marry?"
••Does another share the love that rightfully
belor.s to me; "Is there a rival in my
\cv*T'
"When shall my love affair terminate in
marriage?" "When ehall my domestic troubles
cndT*
•How can I make my life and hame happy?'
"When ehall my abeent friend return V
"Wfcy do I not receive a letter?"
Tcu are given the full secret how to control
and Influence the cn« you love.
Do you wish to possess the key to the vaults
cf love, friendship, success and fame?"
Know the s^ret of control— the power to
lssrlre trust and ccr.flderce and win success in
business, social cr financial life.
"Arise! Threw off thy shackles." Kxchanse
eorr-jw for Joy — darkness for light. "Be mas-
ter cf your own destiny." Hours. 10 a. m- to
I_h!ron 1031— Market tt— 1031 Khlron
MRS SHAFFER clRlrvoyant, card reader, has
returned; fitting- daily. 1CS 6th st. rooms 1-2.
J_KS. BAT7MANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, la row at S17 Ellis st
S-THITT7A--IS-..
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNKT. bus. medlara and
life reader. 1206 Market r. 14. Gait Hou.e.
PROF. GEE. medium and healer; reading*
dally; c!n£e every right 10c. 1206 Market.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted elate- writer and
cla!rvcya_t- 1112 Eddy st Phone Scott 8S7.
MRS. I_CSTEIt. clairvoyant medium, life read-
er; dr. evgs., 10c; read, daily. 838 Mlsslo*
C. MATO STEERS, trance medium. 305 I— rkln.
roca 49; readings 1 to 0; tel. South Sit.
C. V. MXLJLfR'S materiallzieg eeance to-night
8 o'clock. $1. 1CS4 Bush st
MRS. CRINPLE-. special materializing seance
Punfiay eve.. SOc. 323 Ellis st
FAX-MISTTRT.
MME. DEVAS. ptlmlet end astrologer. I_ebe-
builcSir.g. i:::< Poft st.; hours 10 to 5. i
CABFET BEATING AND C-_-.A vr ~7O. !
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
fcr cleaning; carpets en floor without removal;
carpets end rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at rhop; prices moderate. E. F. Ccm-
treafced Air Cleaning Co.. 30S Market at.;
phcr.es Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you beccne disgusted with your work
tend for EPAd-PING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ir.g wcrks. S5B-557 Tehama st Tel. South 40.
W lEiTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1803 Har.
rteon rt. ; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN A CO.; phone Mission 223.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c; laid.' 5c: furniture
moved. Gisslow, OCS Larkin; phone East 743.
MITCHELL'S. 2*G Fourteenth et.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3e yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
i*l. Main £-4 GEO. WALCOM £ CO.. Props.
nrDCLTH — CO.. oarpet-beaticg works: prices
reasCTstifa'. 1703 Harrison st: tel. Mltslon 2C3.
C-OTHIKG EESOVATIHG.
sriTP cleaned and pressed, II; scouring and
Jyp;ng. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
; hctitf Urumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
co-j-scTzoxr orricrs.
2Ar> tenant* ejected fcr $i: collections made; '
city cr country. Pacific Collection Co.. 4 IS ',
Mcntg-omery st.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main &&g). i
DEHTISTS.^ .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 2-> yrs. ; crowns. $3 60; fillings. 50c;
:..••.- ;."•, fuli set; ail work painless and ,
¦ram—ted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth. ;
D&. VCVLXni H1L_ 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
No charge fore extracting when plates are
made; cid xiate* made over like new; teeth
froTr. ?S per get; extracting. 50c; gas given.
GOLD Cllines. ~oc; silver, 35c; crowns. J_; no
pain:or>en Sundcys. Dr.A.C.Hewitt204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. s--rgeon-de_t!str.l4.1st i
Boot; Phelan bid.. 80. Market, cor. CFarrelL
PARIS Dental Parlor*, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush — I
Set teeth. SI 50 up: crowns. $2 up;fllllnge.23e ;
DR. K. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st
to corner Sutter et. and Grant ave.
ALL wcrk guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perking, Met.. 039 Mission, cor. 6th.
O__SS__AEI-i.S AST) SEAMSTBESSES. j
McDowell etstem of dresscuttino
receives gold medal above all others at St.
Louis exposition; fits every form; follows every
fashion; everything from basting to designing
taught; best course In millinery given on the
octet: patterns cst to measure.
McDOWELL SCHOOL. lOlS Market st
McDOWELL Drersmaklng _ Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt
Aoeorfilon. cunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factDry.HOTaylr.
ZPPCATIO-TAI,
VOCAL, plaao and violin lessons; Italian
method for voice culture; all forms of tech-
nical exercises for piano ana violin; send
for procpectas; Mrs. Bertha Oeaer. vocal
department ; Rudolf I_ Oeser, piano and vio-
lin. C10 Apgar St., Oakland; Phone Lake
S02.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited, preparatory
echool fcr university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening cessions. Phelan bid*.
E. R. JCTOES. founder of Ajrres. Business Col-
lege, -as returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
rhortha—d, typing; 15 month; Ufe scholarship
tW; positions secure.; day, eve. 723 Market
THE Paul Gerscn 6 choc 1 cf Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively, to dramatic
learning in America; paslUons guarantee^.
6esd for catalogue. Native Eons' building. ->'
MRS. PAULA, Angermuende Conservatory,
Easel, Switzerland; lessons and daily prac-
tice at studio, $3 month; evening lessens.
6C0 lIcAiiister it.
A— "Single psjre method": no text-bocks; twice
the progress In artlthmetie.bookk#eplny.«hort-
fcand. etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 1281 Mkt.
BEALD'S School of Mines end Engineering, 24
Post St.. S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam
acd gas engineering. Bend for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms:
perfect llgbt; all graduates are getting po«l-
tiona. B. B. Business College, 73a Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.". mech.. sur-
vey, iffay. cyanide: day. eve,; est 1894. Van
Ct* Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City H.U.
BOOKKEEPING. Eo»_ mal_. etc.: day and
eve. ; individual last r. 303 Larkla st, j Prof.
T. A. Robinson, forccer pres. Pac. Bus. CoL
CLASSES in short atcrr writing and Journalism
meet on Men.. Wed. aad Tsars.. 2 p. m.. 3S3
Pheian bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
WANTED — Shorthand lesrozia In exchange for
piano or German lessons. Inquire at 1520
O'Farrell st.. 7-9 p. m.
CAL. School Elocution. Oratory, ¦ Physical Cul-
ture: day. evening; clars or private. Y, M.
C. A. bulldlnr.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
Established 18(3: la-rect In the West; aend
for circulars.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. ISK2 Market st 6end for, catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. Vli Van Nesa
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. PrejT
SPANISH for buiinees: daily lessons, $1 a
¦week; 4 to 9 n. m. Rocra 42. Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE leaeorui In telerrephy; rapid success
assured to students. 24<5 Scott «t, nr. Halght.
KENT Law E-hool: day and night;' ssnd for
rartlculars. f»3g Parrott building. ,
WANTED— To exchange first-class piano les- I
tens for dentistry work. Box 4SC. Call. '.
ISAAC Pitman Burtnets Crll "¦¦*<•. 3iS Haljrht; I
individual inctrue.; all branches; day. eve. |
GUITAR, msnd'iiin and piano. f3 per mantis; j
voczl Utters (1. _3 HalsM ct i
EDTJCATIO^AI. — Ccntianed.
YOUNO man can earn tuition. San Francisco
b'usinesg College, 733 Mission St.
WANTED — Lessons given in china painting in
exchange tar sewing. Box S23, Call.
CHICAGO Businers College. 10S4 Market— Poal-~
~ tlcoa. shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: J 1 * mo.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN. 1165 Larkin. Kives thor-
ough, successful instruction In piano anil vocal.
j ADULT and Juventle classes now open, liln-
man's School cf Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. MIsa M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
ECHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Hni st.— -Night dm.
SPANISH.French.etcPrcf.IV FUippe'sAcademy
of language?, 1018 Post; est.l871;ablett prof?.
EKPLOYMEITT OmCE3.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies be«t helo promptly: city or country.
S. IMI.'ItA. vi:l Sacramento. Tel. James 6281.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanew-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 57w2.
JAPANEPE-Chlnefe Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
beet help. Frits Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush 859.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Le O n Seung's. 411 1. O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japane«e-Chlne*e Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1897. BRADLEY & CO., <U0 Clay.
EKP,OTM-!-rr WAgTED— rEKAtB.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position In studio
as retoucher. Apply MISS I. MARTIN, 1314
Stockton st.
BRIGHT girl wishes a position in email «tore.
Apply CS8 Stevenson st.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants a
few places housework. Box 4133. ' Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young lady to work
4 or 5 hours a day. Address 138 }_ Clara st.
WANTED— Work of anjTkind. Box 4120. Call
office.
WANTED— Work by the day. Box 4131. Call
offica.
A WOMAN from the country wishes upstairs
work. MRS. A. BIAGI. 62« Filbert st.
BRIGHT young lady wishes a situation In
a retail store. Box 4162, Call office.
AN intelligent young woman ae a saleslady
In a first-class store. Box 4152, Call office.
A GIRL wants position for general house-
work. Box 4800. Call office.
CAPABLE young woman wishee situation as
scieslady. Box 4160. Call office.
WANTED— Position as lady's nurse. Address
bcx 4068.. CslI office.
POSITION as manicurist Address 234 Myrtle
avenue.
PLAIN sewing done at Ho. 1 Wheat st
WANTED — Plain sewing. Address 20 Church
street
GEHMAN girl wants place to do housework.
10}. Eighth st. city.
POSITION ae lady's maid. Box 4156 Call
office.
WANTED — Position as stenographer. Address
box 414*>, Call office.
YOUNG clrl wishes position in book bindery.
Apply tit' Stevenson at
WOMAN would like dace to do light house-
work. AoDly 41 Powell ave.
WANTED — A position to care for children.
1«S5 Twelfth ave.. Sunset district
A NEAT young lady wants position for office
work; some experience. Box 4564, Call office.
GIRL wishes positicn as cashier. Address
232!> Market «.
A LADY wants more plain sewing. Box 4793,
Call office. v
BRIGHT elrl wishes position In book bindery.
Apply <U9 Stevenaon st
WOMAN would like any kind of work by the
day. Apply 246 Fourth st
WANTED — Position as nurse. Address box
4076, Call office.
WANTED — Flannel to trash ana mending to
do. Box 4074. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work in
families. {2 50 per day. 1732 Baker st
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments. Address box 4S03, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS en children's clothing, to be
taken he me. Box 4605, Call.
WANTED— A position as casr.ier. 901H Va-
lencia f-t.
POSITION wanted as hairdresser. 67% Har-
rison at
A YOUNG lady wishes to do plain sewing by
the day. $1 CO. Box 4824. Call.
A WOMAN wants work by "the day. 484 Min-
; na at
i I. ¦ -
; A GERMAN woman wants to take In family
washing. Send letters to 3678 Twentieth
st. In rear.
WOMAN wants work by' the day. Call »'/_
Salmon st, oft Pacific, near Taylor.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell, tet. Main
5332. best help of all nationalities await po-
sitions.
RESPECTABLE young woman, good cook and
housekeeper, wants situation In private fam-
ily. Address 280 Lily ave. __^^
PLAIN sewing done. 1137 Folsom st
I EXPERIENCED pantry woman wishes posi-
tion In hotel or restaurant Box 4S85. Call.
•SEAMSTRESS wants a position; private fam-
ily^
POSITION wanted as saleslady In store. 4038
Twenty-sixth st
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. Box
4840, Call office. _____________
EXPERIENCED woman wlehes work by the
day, housecleanlng; $1 50 a day. Address
675 Mieslon st, room 24.
PLAIN sewing. 789 Jessie St.
A WOMAN wants place as pastry cook. Ap-
ply 1376 Maeon tt. city.
WANTED— Position as stenographer or type-
writer. Box 4807, Call office.
WANTED— Plain sewing by the day. Apply
at 2010 Bryant st^
YOUNG girl withes a position in book bind-
ery. Apply 639 Stevenson st.
A GERMAN woman wants work by the day.
Box 4809. Call office. ____________
LADY wants position aa seamstress. Box
4S97. Call office. _
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day,
washing, Ironing or housework. Call 631 Sec-
ond st ¦ - .
GERMAN cook wants work. Apply at 212
Third st
SWEDISH girl wants poeltlon for general
i housework. 17X0 Webster st ,
GIRL wants position to do housework. 176S
San Bruno road. • ' •
A YOUNG girl would like to mind children.
519 Natoma st
GERMAN lady, position as a nurse. Box
4S44. Call office. . - : ¦ ,
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day. washing. Ironing and cleaning;
$1 SO a day. Addrees box 4817. Call office.
A NEAT young lady wishes position as cash-
ier; restaurant preferred; long experlwce.
Tet Church 4039. - • . . '
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like" a
few more engagements by the day; good cut-
ter and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 4919,.
Call office. .' ¦.-•¦.-¦•
YOUNO Amerlcun girl for light housework.
Call or write to MISS E. GULUVER. HW
Pine »t, city. ¦¦•.-¦ -.¦.¦¦'¦
WOMAN wishee work by the aay. 7M Poet
street
GOOD cook want* position; (30 and found.
Box 41C3. C»ll office.
WANTED— Position as cook. Box 4008, Call
office, i ' - - '•¦¦•' •
A RESPECTABLE woman .wanta work by the
Cay or half -day. 430 Clemetina'-t.. In, rear.
WOMAN wishes to go out washing by the
day. 1539 Fifteenth ave. .
A COMPETF-NT wemtn with good references
wants washing and droning or housework by
the day in Ilerkeley. Box 4338, Call office,
San Francisco.'
W ANTED — Poeltlon aa bookkeeper. 414 - Four-
teenth at. "'-¦*-.' ' "
WANTED — Positicn as stenographer. Box
7?63, Call olflcc.
SITUATION wanted to do artistic burnt
leather wcrk. Box . 43S0. . Call otflce.. .-
MANICURIST wants jioaltton. 1 : 323 Ellis *t.
SEAMSTRESS wants position. .Address 23
¦• On- t'av«.-»__Mn________________
p -.OYai!irT~'A~-~a—F«a-lt-»'non
WANT-CD — A cohapeUnt young lady sUs/jok-
rapher wUhts permanent yosition; salary
?4U. Hex 4^4. Call office.
j A WOMAN wants housework; city or. country.
Call at 305 Minna st.
JUIDDLE-AGCD woman, experienced chamber-
maid, wants work; city rooming-house t>r
country, hotel. Box 4S82. Call.
SITUATION as •waitress. Apply 230 Howard
street.
A SWEDISH bousework girl; excellent cook;
best references. MRS. NORTON. SOS Maaon.
A LADY wants position as seamstrecs. Box
; 4SJ42. Call.
POSITION as working housekeeper by reflntd
middle-aged woutaii: sinait ramlly; good,
i plain cook; city or country; moderate wages.
! BOX-4US3. Call.
' WANTED — Few hours' light work during the
. day; would assist In store or wait at table.
Box 4081. Call.
! ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
! by the day; $1 50; dresses altered; perfect fit
! guaranteed. Address box 4953, Call office.
DESERVING American wants light work in
[ American family; home more object than
wage*; willing and retlable; can take full
charge of laundry. Call at 1<HS}. Third St.,
room 19, one flight; car fare.
A WOMAN wishes housework by the day. 603
Broadway.
A YOUNG woman, would like position taking
'are ot children. XELLIE TOllIN, b.J
Mission st.
A COMPETENT woman wanta general house-
work; is a good plain cook. Address " box
40U5. Call office.
A RELIABLE: girl wants a situation "to do
housework or would like to be companion to
a lady. Please call at 10 Woodward ave.
Monday afternoon. ,>
AN experienced lady would like to nuneVn
confinement caeex: can Kive references. Ap-
ply 204 Guerrero st.
DRESSMAKER wishes position. 1121 Geary
street /
WANTED — A position as dressmaker. Box
4067. Call.
GIRL wishes situation. 745 Howard St.*
COMPETENT woman waata position; child
nurse. Box 4633. Call.
WOMAN of refinement wants position as
housekeeper In small family. Box 4830, Call.
A WOMAN wants day's . work washing or
housecleaning. Apply at 205 Minna st
CHILDREN'S and plain sewing. . MRS. HASS.
15 Germania at
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 1183 Har-
rison st
POSITION as companion to an Invalid or eld-
erly lady o n a ranch; references. Box 4993.
Call office.
SALESLADY want, a position. Box 4093,
Call office.
A YOUNG lady wishes a situation to do light
housework In a small family. 230A Harriet
WANTED— Permanent position as housekeep-
er In respectable family; thoroughly compe-
tent woman, with good social standing; no
objection to country. Room 50. New West-
ern Hotel.
COMPETENT young lady bookkeeper desires
position as general office assistant; beet of
references. Box 889. Call.
A YOUNG lady would like a position as sten-
ographer in a wholesale house. Address box
S71, Call.
WANTED— Work by the day. Apply (131 Na-
toma st.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. Call
at 1S12 Howard st.
WANTED — Position a« waitress In hotel or
restaurant 567 Minna st.
A WOMAN wants work by the dajr. 112 Har-
rison st .
A YOUNG lady would like to learn millinery
trade. Call 9. Tehama st
A WOMAN would like plain sewing to take
home. Call 31 Harriet st
YOUNG lady wishes work In small family;
country preferred. Box 875, Call.
PIANIST wants position. Address or apply to
843 Mission st. city. ¦ • -
I ~~" " — ' —
., .. .. ...A- ... . , -¦ ,.-.- - _ .-.,.¦-. --
IMPI.O x~aiS~rT WANTED— Pemale— Con
A YOUNG woman with a U mum ha' old baby
would like a elate to da h,outework " for
small wages. -'25 Douglas* st, near ISth. ¦
WANTED — Dressmaking by the , day or at!
. boms; white work and children's sewing; !
also nicely done. 2 Ferine st. . .
SEAMSTRESS wants ajtuation. WINl'AKD,
IC23 Xve st ...
SITUATION as housekeeper. MRS. RYAN.
1C03 Third et. Oakland, Cal.
YOUNG woman wishes to do washing by the
. day. Call at 184 South Park, downstairs.
A YOUNG Encash lady would like nlace a
few hours a day; to sleep at home. 1243
Florida st.
TAILORESS wants position. Call 1314 Golden
Gate ava.
DRESSMAKER wants position. 1833 Geary
' street. -
YOUNG woman wants lUht work afternoons;
sewing preferred. Address <j"0A Kansas st.
A COLORED lady wants to do washing and
Ironing at home. MRS. HAYES, 2330 Green-
wich st.
A COLORED woman would like to do wash-
ing and ironing; at home. MRS. MORROW.
2330 Greenwich tit. . '
LADY wUhes position as housekeeoer; will
care for children: no washing. Box 4077,.
Call offlc/
WOMAN wishes to take care of young child.
I 1440 Bryant St. .
A WOMAN want* work by the day; washing,
ironing and house deanins: $1 50 and car-
fare. Address box 404. Call efflce.
REFINED young lady wishes ' to do light
i housework In exchange for vocal lessons. Box
484." Call office.
A GERMAN lady desires a situation as work-
ing housekeeper or cook; country preferred.
Call W4 Octavla at.
A COMPETENT, reliable nurse wishes en-
gagements; Is kind and indulgent; ia espe-
cially competent In confinement case*. Ad-
drets MRS. KING. UK) Turk at.
HOUSEKEEPER wants situation. BROWN,
3730 Seventeenth st.
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
in small family; city or country. 1204 Mis-
sion, basement
WANTED— Position as nurse. Apply 35 Russ
street .
A COMPETENT cook, housework girl, wants
situation; wases $25- Box 442, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, ladles'
taHortngr done: suits $10 up: engagements per
day in private families, MISS BARS, Sher-
man House. 128 Eighth street.
A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a *¦ few
more customers at home: first-class work at
reasonable prices. 547 Myrtle ave. : phone
Scott 085. *
WANTED — By a. good laundress washing to
take home. 603 Webster st
YOUNG woman of refinement, experienced and
competent, wishes a position as housekeeper.
Box 474, Call office.
A YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier In a
restaurant. Box 471, Call office.
WANTED — Position In ' hairdresslng parlor;
large experience. Box 487, Call office.
WANTED — A position as stenographer; best of
references. Box 46<5, Call office.
CAPABLE and educated young- woman wishes
position in good retail book or piano house.
Address box 456, Call office.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page TO31. "*
A FRENCH woman would like situation as
nurre for confinement; very clean apd KOod
housekeeper. Address MRS. E, B., 1424 Vi
Howard st
WOMAN wants to do family washing. 821
Alabama st. ¦ ,
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes work by the day,
or would like to have a steady place by the
month. 522 Eighth et., between Bryant and
Brannan.
A LADY wUhes to do plain sewing by the
day. 520 Montgomery st
EASTERN woman wishes few hours' work
each day; Is good cook; references. Box
45S. Call.
YOUNG widow would like to keep home in
..the coiy»try; .small family: no w»_hlng.
Address -1125V. Mission" at, room 2.
--gFI.OY7.I-HT WABTBa — Tc-_ale— Con |
FlliST-CLASS nnUhor on "ladles' coata. Box
43ti, Call.
GEHMAN girl wants position . to do house-
, work. Box 432, Call.
W ANTED — By young woman, place to care
for children or invalid. Call or address iRSU
San Jose ave.
WOMAN wants plain washing to do at home.
724 Minna fct. r
WANTED— Position as nurse girl. Call at
1037 Minna st.
SWKDISH second-girl, with superior refer-
ences, wants a situation. Call or telephone
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st, nr. Powell.
FRENCH cook, youngr, flrst-claas^ wants situ-
ation at $-10 to $35 month; speaks little Eng--
.ish. Send word to MISS PLUNKETTS. 425
Butter St.. nr. Powell: phone Main 5472.
WANTED — Situation in a small private fam-
ily in Alameda, as cook or housework. Box
849. -Call. _
YOUNG woman wishes position as dressmaker.
250 Leavenwcrth st.
REFINED young English woman, with child
of '.>, wishes position as housekeeper In re-
spectable family, or will care for house in
owner's absence; references. Address box
4C78, Call otflce.
SCIENTIFIC massage by a graduate of the
Weir Mitchell method: sprains, fractures and
dislocations a specialty; also deep breath-
ing exercises for perfect health; references
if desired. Box 4785. Call office.
WANTED — By competent experienced woman,
poeltlon as working cook, housekeeper, in
men's or email private boarding house. Ap-
ply box mo. Call office.
A WELL-EDUCATED German girl (speaks
good English) wants position to take care
of children; $20. Apply 100 Cherry st. bet.
Washington and Jackson.
GERMAN Klrl wishes general housework; com
petent and neat. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Pow.
ell st. Tel. Main 5332. £
A GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
office cleaning. 4 Martha place, off Geary,
near Mason st.
A STRONG woman wishes work, washing on
Mondays. Call Saturday and Sunday, 145
Twelfth St., room 6.
YOUNG' lady of good family wants position/
as maid or second work. 124 Capp M.,
phone Church 4377.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements In families. SI CO day, car faro;
call or write. MRS. DK BARR. 435 4th st
A YOUNG woman wants situation as compan-
ion to elderly lady. Address 1367 Mason, S.F.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
elderly lady. Address 1105 Sutter at.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation as house-
keeper. Apply 74S Howard et.
YOUNG woman wants situation as nurse. Ap-
ply 743 Howard st.
AN experienced practical housekeeper in tran-
sient rooming-house. Box 4S83, Call office.
LADY wishes plain tewing and dressmaking;
.will sew by day $1 60. 031 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKER, highest references, will go
out: phone Sutter 2544. Box 4041. Call.
A RESPECTABLE girl requires second work
or housework, etc. 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress wishes
plac* by the month at $30; no Sunday work;
nnt-elass references. Address Laundress,
2031 Nineteenth st, city.
A CAPABLE elderly lady wishes to take
charge of grown children; no objection to
country; German Instruction If desired. Box
4720.. Call.
A SWISS girl, a good cook, wants a situation
en a ranch. Apply 1165}] Pacific et., from
8 to 12 m.
MOTHER and daughter to cook on ranch for
men only. 7G6 Bryant st. ,
WOMAN wants any kind of housework by the
day. Address box 4067. Call office.
WASTED — Position as nurse; references. Box
4112, Call office. '
A WOMAN with large family wants washing
or g;— In* to take home. 15 Oerrnanla ave.
__MP-_Ox*-r-.-TT \~A2ITZ5D— JIAIB.
NOTICE.
WANTED. WANTED.
POSITION BY
v A first-class foreman or superintendent, cap-
EMg-.OTn-.-.arr •vc r A_m--3 — -gaje— coa.
POSITION wanted by architect draughtsman.
Box 41S2. Call office. / ¦¦ ,
SITUATION wanted by draughtsman. Box
40t>$, Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes position a? drug clerk:
experiei-ce<1. J. it. box 4572. Call office.
EXPERIENCED miner wants position in Mex-
Ico or Goldflelds, Nev. Box 4371. Call office, j
WANTED— Position as a clerk. Box 41_D. Call
office.
YOUNG- man (German) wishes situation as
grocery clerk. Bcx 4122.' Call office.
WANTED — By youns man. any kind of light
work: best of references. Please call 3275
Harrison st. i
WANTED — A position as doorman in Jewelry
or dry-goods store; 3v years' experience.
11S5 Market st.
BOOKKEEPER having spare time wishes to
keep a email set of books. 210 13th ave. i
YOUNG man wcu'd like to drive a horse and
waton. Box 414l>.^ Call office.
SITUATION wanted as bartender. J. B., 6CS i
Stockton tt. j
POSITION wanted aa shce clerk. Box 4146,
Call office. __ i^
POSITION as porter In retail store. Address
box 4135. Call office. .
WANTED— Job in factory. Box 4193. Call
Office. ¦ :?>*•*>
MAN would like position as clerk. Room 227.
Winchester HoteU
TRAVELING salesman wants side line. Ad-
. dress box 47'JO. Call office. j
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position in
wholesale house. Box 4147. Call office-
WANTED— Position with wholesale house as
assistant bookkeeper; good reference. Box ,
4547. Call office. |
BARTENDER~wants position. JAMES HAR-
RI3. 744 Howard &t.
SITUATION as porter. 34 Fourth rt.
WANTED— Copying or typewriting at home.
Address box 401*5. Call office^
A POSITION as a biockmaker. Box 4C9C. Call
office.
MAN wants to work in bakery. 1913 Post
street. " _______
WANTED — Steady work as porter In bath-
house. Address 123 Fourth st.
BOY wants to learn electrical work. 211 Te-
hama St.. rear._
PORTER wants work. W. McCAULEY. 154
Tehama et.
WANT3 a Job as coatmaker. 651 Stevenson
atre-t.
BOY wants position running elevator. 836
Bryant at.
WANTErT^Posltton as porter in wholesale
house. HENRY BUCKMANN. 237 Minna St.
WANTEIV-Job In candy factory. Box 4546.
Call office. -
CLERK wishes, position in hat-store. Apply
1150 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Grocery clerk desires position:
references. Apply 10 William st. .
BOY wishes poeltlon In office. Address 2329
Market Tt.
BOY wants Job in factory. Box 4575. Call
office.
POSITION as bookkeeper; best of references.
Box 41U3. Call office.
WANTED— Job In box factory. Box 4194.
Call efflce.
WANTED— Job as watch casemaker. Box 4195,
Call office.
BOY wants Job in coffee store. Box 4196, Call
office.
POSITION as nirht clerk in hotel or lodging-
house; city or country. Box 41U7, Call of nee.
YOUNG man wants situation In office. Box
4730. Call office.
BOY of 1. would like to have position in
wholesale house. Address 943 Flllmore st.
POSITION as up-to-date bartender.. Address
Box 4574. Call office. -
POSITION as porter In barber-shop. Address
C. FAYLOR. 34 Fourth st
YOUNG man wishes employment at anything. I
JOSEPH BROWN. 112 Green st.
SHOE clerk wants position: references. ED
•SANTES. room 25, 20 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS machinist wants steady posi-
tion. Box 4136. Call office.
ENGINEER with best references wants posi-
tion. Box 4145, Call efflce. „ I
f iranpi.o'raa-SjrT vrANirgTi-MAT^-c— cot.
A BOY 14 ytar* old wUaes _ st«-Uy jab.
1610 Hitrrison at,
i BOY want!" Job in box factory. Box 4072.
: Call office.
! YOUNG man would lilte to leam the plumbing
1 trade. Address box -4"7S. Call office.
1 COLLECTOR wants j- j.-rit i»>n : experienced; ref-
, erance furnished. Hex 407l>, Call office.
A BOY 13 years old wishes a »:.-a_y job. Sti3
-lUsion st.
WANTED* — Pcsiticn as bookkeeper; Al ref-
erences, liox 4>— :. Call o-rtcu.
SALESMAN' wants positicn wholesale house.
C17 Uou=h st.
A HOY 14 years old wishes a steady Jcb. _Oo4
G'JU,h St.
JOB In electrical store. Box 4S21. Call.
A BOY 13 year, o'.d wishes a Saturday Job.
314. Pierce »t.
YOUNO man. 18, good "habits, business edu-
cation, win da anything. Box 417:1, Call
YOUNO man wants oo.ltlon as stack clerk.
Box 4171. Call.
BOY wants a ocsitlcn aa orfice boy. Box
¦ 4170. Call office.
WANTED— Situation tr> scrape hcrsersatst:.
27 California Market.
YOUNG man wot:!d like a position driving a
light delivery wagon. Box 4llH>. Call.
BOOKKEEPER wishes position. 807 Grove at.
YOUNG man would like to learn a good trade.
Box 41t». Call.
BOY wants work of any kind. Box 4167. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cloak cutter would like position
in large store. U5D Fourth at., city.
HOY wants scaitlon in Insurance office. Box
4192. Call.
BOY. 14 years old. wishes a steady Job. 3140
Pierce st.
COY wants position In an office. Box 4323,
Call office.
BOY. 15 years old. wishes steady Job. lU-
Harr'.scn at. '-.
POSITION as Janitor. Address C. B.. box
4SKZ Call.
WANTED — Position as porter la wholesale
house. Address 178 Grove st.
EXPERIENCED cabinetmaker would like a
steady position. Apply at 233 Fell st
BOY wants to be-ln aa art band. Box 4*11,
Call office.
WANTED— Position as clerk. Box 4S47. C_vll
ofilce.
TAILOR wants Job. 1C5 Ellis st
POSITION wanted as cabinet-maker. Box
4S4S, Call efflce. -,;; •
A PORTER wishes place In saloon or restau-
rant. Box 4551. Call office.
BARKEEPER wants Job^ 14 Third "t.
COOK wanted. 213 titevenson st.
AN old man wishes employment in afternoon
bottling wine. Box -iin't*. Call office-
YOUNG boy wishes to run errands or work
around store. 131S Fifteenth ave. South.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wishes to work on
farm. 112 Silver st.
YOUNG man wl.hes a position at the race.
track. Box i'iSi. Call office.
A YOUNG man would like to get work In a
wholesale house. 1411 Montgomery et.
WANTED — Position with civil engineer by
young man wi.hlng- to learn business. W.
F. M.. 744 Howard st
BARTENDER wants work. R. MURRAY. 13
Third st.
WANTED— Work in mornings. Box .332, Call
office. ¦ \ o;-._-
PORTER wants work. J. HARRIS. 744 How-
ard st.
POSITION wanted by a barber. Box 4900.
Call office.
WANTED — By a steady young man, work of
any kind for a few hours In evenings. Box
4ift>8, Call, office.
WANTED— Work as waiter. G. BROWN. 135
! Ar« experienced waitress wants position. Ap-
ply 1345 Stevenson st.
I YOUNG colored girl wishes a position to help
in doctor's office or an apartment house.
Apply 1024 Jackson st
WANTED — To' do plain sewing SI 50 a day
Call at 535 Natoma at.
1 MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position to do
; housework; good cook. Apply 124 Eighth st.
i DRESSMAKING by the day, II 50; highest
; references. Box 403, Call office.
I : — - =
j PLAIN sewing done. 1116% Folsom st.
'¦¦ EXPERIENCED stenographer and office as-
sistant, with knowledge of bookkeeping;
i references furnished. M.S8 EDERT. phone
Folscm 1243 or X07 Oak st.
! POSITION as secretary and companion to lady
by one who In all resects Is admirably
suited to the task. Box 4971, Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
Densmore operator. Box 4872, Call office.
i WOMAN wante sewing half day. Call 17»
! Thirteenth st. .
A COLORED woman would like to do clean-
Ing or assist in boueework. 16 Stockton
place, bet. Post and Sutter sts...
WANTED — A position as cash girl. Apply
430 Moss lit ,
STENOGRAPHER owning typewriter wishes
position; salary moderate. Box 4900,. Call.
HOTEL housekeeper of experience and ability
deslree position in large flrst-clask hotel; ac-
customed to taking full charge Of the house-
keeping department of large hotels; can give
the best of references. Box 656, Call office.
A SITUATION wanted by a young lady; would
like work 4 or 5 hours a day. Addrees 13a >-i
Clara «t.
ALL-ROUND cook wants a position In hotel;
city or country. Address J. Me... 813 How-
ard at . '
| A- FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wants a posi-
tion in hotel or rooming house. Call 813
Howard at.
A YOUNG girl wishes position where she, can
have care of * child. Box 421, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; wash-
Ing or ironing or house cleaning. 511 Bryant.
WANTED— Work by the day by a good, will-
Ing, . experienced worker. 268 Sixth st
LADY want* position as demonstrator In store
Box 420. Call office. "
A'GERMAN womap, first-class cook, .wishes <o
work by the day; best ot references, -Box
418, Call office.
"WANTED — Housekeeper's position by a refined
-Christian woman: Is good' cook: good refer-
ence. Call at 1933 Berkeley way, Berkeley,
on Monday. t ' '
A LADY will care for a email child at her
honM; beat of care guaranteed. Address box
803, Call office.. / . .
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes chamberwork In a
grlvste family;' good "city references. 133
rle St.. bet 13th and 14th.
WOMAN wlehes washing or tiousecieanln? by
the day. Addrees 410 McAllister et; flat 8.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes work. In •rooming-
house; capable of taking full -charge; refer-
ences. Address box 416, Call office. • " ¦¦ '
YOUNG lady wishes home work. Box 415, Call
. office. -¦ . - ¦ ¦ '¦ ;.-''¦ ¦-•¦....-."
A GERMAN woman wants washing at home
7 Bigley Place. • .
A 6ITUATION wanted as a nurseglrl. Ad.
dress C. R, 3C2 Union st , -
WANTED— Poeltlon as vestmaker. Apply 092
__;,- Natoma st .'¦ . . .. ...
LADY wants housework. Apply 627 Natoma
street.' '¦_,-) ..'''.- ••.-;_• •;•_>- -¦ . : ;¦
WANTED— A position as nufseglrl. Call at 1
0C9 Harrison st. ( :..\ r;.v . J
WOMAN wants washing by the day. 143 Dore '
. street. ..'.,'-'. -»^ : :.:--'..; . . j
KIItST-CLASS Swedish Uundreas I wishes work ¦ i
by the day. v Box K2O. : Call : office. . j
A WOMAN wants housework by the day. 00 j
Clementina st. V . . " J < . ' |
COMPETENT stenographer ' deMres : pcgitlon f
with law firm.' Address box 4.'X>," Call of flee.' •
WOMAN would Ilka ; cookinr in private fain- [
Ilj.: Call 610 Pine st. : ... '
A LADY wishes to do plain sewing. C33 .Val- .
A .WOMAN would like:. work by the day;
washing, cleaning. Address 9 Pratt place.
WANTED — Position as cashier In restaurant
Address 507 Octavta st
WOMAN wishes to do washing by the day.
1140 York st .
FRENCH woman would like position as maid.
Apply 6C9 Willow ave.
A WOMAN wishes to do housework by the
day, week or month. Address box 839, Call.
A LADY going out by the day; washing and
ironing; no postal. 136 Sixth st j
WANTED — A position by a middle-aged
woman to do washing or nousecleantng by
the day. . Apply 437 Maine st.
A LADY would like to do plain sewing at s
home. 11 Tehama st
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work at
JSM/Ycsagag Mary"* AdareBs
A WAITRESS wishes position In a restaurant
Call or write A. P., 727B Clementina st.
GIRL wants place as cashier. Call 24 Wet-
more at, btt. Powell and 'Mason.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as house-
keeper; prefer where I can have a room for'
my own furniture. Call 860 First st cor
Harrison, bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
YOUNG woman would like to do chamberwork
In a lodging-house or work by the day.
Call or write 561 Howard st. MRS. O..
GERMAN woman wants work by~the~day"
washing, Ironing and housecleanlng. Call
280 Harriet et, rear.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress would~liice work to
do at home. Phone Fell 1S4. '.
TYPEWRITER desires work at home; good
and accurate; reasonable. Box 814, Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes a few families by
day, chamberwork. cleaning or some wash-
ing; phone Brown 82. 488 Geary at
REFINED, well educated young lady desires
posltloji as traveling companion; excellent
. references. ¦ Phone Pine 1133.
YOUNG ' lady wants position as cashier or'
office assistant; - good references furnished i
. Box 810, Call office.
A WOMAN wishes work a few hours a day.
Box 444. Call office. *
GOOD French cook wishes position. 074 Jack-
p son -at -':¦ -- ¦-¦ ¦ : ~v •¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦ j
TRAINED nurse would take any case at S10
a. -week, or take patients' to her home. MRS.
LEWIS, 1534 Buena V4sta ave., Bay station,
Alamedft' . .
GENERAL mending, repairing, wardrobe for
gentlemen. 1010 Golden Gate ave. -.
MIDDLE-AGED womnn wishes to do houae-
. work for - or 3 adults; small wash; S15 and
car fare. : ,-Pt»one: Brown 38; ring up 10 to 1,
Sunday and j Monday. , ¦
A YOUNG lady wishes position as waitress in
some good restaurant Box 841, Call office. '
WOMAN , with a child/, want* position - house-
A keeping, city or. country. Call Iia Hayes st.
NORTH German mlddlo-aged governess would
like to take- care of children, do plain sew-;
Ing or make herself useful, city or country; !.
.terms reasonable; references. Address box
402, Call office.'. . ,. ¦ ..'¦.-.¦¦
WANTED by "young lady, position In office'
..as stenographer. . Box 475, Call office.-/, .
2 FIRbT-CVAPS necornl girls.. beat of city ref-
erences, wJsh ; situations. .Can be seen Mon-
1 day at.J.F. CHOSKTT& CO.'S. 33. 3utter.
GOOD girl. ' with references,", wants place;
either housework or cooking; $30 month.
. 2112 Bryant St, . . ., . .
YOUNG; woman wishes position as saleslady in
'. picture . store. , Box 450; Call - office.' , - ..
WOMAN^wants work by the day; washing. or
house, cleaning: $1 50 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOQD.U5 {Hayes St.- •¦ ;
YOL'NG lady wants position as assistant book'
. Keeper/; Aptly, box $10.' Call- orftce.
CHAMUEKMAID. exnerlenced,: wants /place; 1
815.- O\L.,EMP.;AGENCY.;,Tel .Basil. 4C5. !
TWO first-class Swedish" cooks, also 3 German '
and l-Irlnh-American cooks wish situations;
.best of ' tei.i iiVpply to. J.: F.CROSETr
CO.,-, 3-H Sutter st. . , .. .-.;?. . , .,
YOUNG Gonnan woman, would llks position at
/.liouMwork. . 146 Fourth -Btr ;.;- ' ; ,
nxrERIENCE.D manEte" hand ; wants '. position, j
.- Apply .; at, »¦!«¦ Geary. s*... ; . . . ; : \- . ;r:. ¦ ;. J
.WOMAN ' waits work by^the day washing and !
auie to tane cnarge ot large country residence
and runch, or any other position of trust; 10
years last place In California; first-class ref-
erences as foreman of a country residence,
ranch, orchard, lawn, etc.; thoroughly under-
stands gardening in all branches, including
fruit aud ornamental trees, and general su-
pervision of all departments of a multi-mil-
lionaire's residence; understands machinery
thoroughly. For full particulars apply to
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
POSITION as nurse. Box 9150, Call office.
POSITION as gardener. Box 4156, Call office.
POSITION as hostler". Box 4153. Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged and married, wishes
a position as bartender. Box 4127, Call.
STEADY, sober man wants work as stable-
man; city or country; experienced; refer-
ences. Box 4164, Call office.
A BOY (aged 13) wishes work. Box 4163,
. Call office.
A MAN wants work In a sawmill. Box 4160,
Call office. .,
BOY of 17 yf.ara wishes position as elevator
boy. Box 4161, Call office.
WANTED — Employment as salesman. Apply
ROBERT CHRISTIE. 30 Post st. •
WANTED — PoalUon as salesman. Address 651
Folsom tt. . ' 1
WANTED— A position as teamster. Box 415f. !
Call office. - .
BARKEEPER . wants Job. 240 Stevenson
street. ¦
YOUNG(;-.man wishes a position ae ladles' ;
tailor, r 'Apply 17 Rosa st. . I
POSITION «s collector. Address box 4080, Call I
office. • I
¦ i . I
WOULD like work aa elevator man. Apply •
GEORGE HAYES. 033 Kearny st. I
WANTED — Position' as dry-goods clerk. Box
41CS Call office. -» ,
CASH boy wants Job. 814 Clay st.
GOOD boy wants Job as cash boy. 812 W-ib-
stex st. ¦_
JOB in a box factory. Box 4128. Call office.
BOOTBLACK wishes employment, In barber
y ahop. Hox 41gS. Call, office.
'BOY -would like position In drug store. Apply
' 1312 Howard st. -".. ¦
YOUNG man wishes a Job as watchmaker.
Iltto Market -t
BOY would like to learn plumber's trade. DAN
LYNCH. 'Sid Nntoma st.
POSITION as porter. Address 1423 "Valencia
street. ' '
WANTED — Job as an apprentice for a watch-
maker. Box 4124, Cali office.
COOK wlehes situation: lunch or boarding
house. Apply 22 First st. v :.t-
GROCERY clerk wishes situation. ApDly 22
First at.
POSITION as bathhouse porter. Address box
* • >0UU| Cal1 0{Rce - __
PORTER *wUl>es situation In saloon. Box
4117, Call office. ¦ ' c ,
YOXING German wishes situation as bartender.
Box 411S; Call office. - . "
SITUATION wanted: an all-round cook: Ger-
man. 'Addrees box 4116, Call,offlce.
WANTED—^Situation , aa . gardeaer; fifteen
1 years'* experience. Box"4QCtl, Call otflce.
A. POSITION as a bartender. Box 4088, .Call
office. - * ¦ - . . ' .. . " . "
YOUNG man ¦ wants "position in office; assist-
ant bockkeeecer or collector: experience and
: best of references. J. C. S..~ 448 Presidio ave.
WANTED— Job in a candy-store. -¦ Box 417S,
Call offlca. ¦-.;¦¦
AHCHITKCTURAL ilraushtsman wants night
work. Box 41 T'.i. Call office. , ¦¦:...: ..
BOY ' want«^ coition : in doctor's office. Box
41^.' Can ¦ office. : : ¦-.¦:-
POP'TIOM a* bartender. Address 4181. Call
,--:Offlce.. -•-. :-- ..-¦-. -. ; •-•¦¦•- ~ ¦-„•.--,.. ¦..-
'A "••. SITUATION ' wanted by a cook, In small
restaurant. AL. NAUDE,. 1S25 Powell st. I
POSITION as cook. Box 4C87. Call office, t
WANTED — Sltuatlrn': as saloon ' porter. "J.I
, -". BROWN. '410 i Third at. . .; '. ", ¦"* .. .,
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional work
fcr evenings; either mechanical or patent of-
. Hk* A'..-ln>». Box' 4701. Call : office
WANTED — Position as barkeeper; references^
Box 410O. Call office.
MEN'S clothing man wants position; city. Box I
4007, Call office.
COOK wishes situation In eoff.ee er chop house.
Box 4111. Call office.
BOY wants positicn In hardware store. Box
4008.' Call office.
WANTED— Position as assistant double entry
bookkeeper. Box 4114. Call office.
YOUNG man would like to work 4 hours a day
in the morning and evening only. Box 4115.
Call office.
POSITION as bartender. Address Box 4708,
Call office. ¦ •
POSITION as engineer or machinist; can give
references; city or country. Box 4730, Call.
A BOY 14 years eld wishes a steady Job.
3130 Pierce st. "
POSITION as waiter. Address box 4383, Call
office.
A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer and carpet-layer
will work by the day or piece. 027 Eddy st. ;
phone J.arkln 3"04. . j
EXPERIENCED stenographer deslrea steady
employment; good references. 162S Web-
ster st.
FREESFEEDER wants a position. Box 4308.
Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as clerk. J.
J. ROBINSON. Winchester Hotel.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly competent
roan as salesman in retail clothing store;
good city references. O. L. L., box 4573,
Call office.
WANTED— Position as a porter In whole-
sale house. A. J. B.. box 4367, Call.
ALL around cook wishes situation. Apply I
16G First st. .
POSITION as barber. Address box 4177.
Call office.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. Box 1176, !
Call office.
POSITION as waiter. Address box 473S. Call
office.
POSITION as waiter. Address bcx 4783. Call
office. '
POSITION as watchman. Address box 4781, i
Call. I
WANTED — Position as laboratory assistant: '
U years' experience. Box 4705. Call. >
STENOGRAPHER 'wants occupation. Box '
4707. Call.
YOUNG, man wants position as porter. Apply
820 Harrison st.
MAN wants to work In machine shop 122S I
* Golden Gate ave.
YOUNO man wants position to drive- delivery !
wagon. Box 4142. Call o: flee.
YOUNG man wants - position as a bartender.
37 TV-rd -t.
A YOUNO man wants work in th« evening.
Box 4141. Call office. ¦
A BOY (15 years old) wishes a job driving; a
wa;on. 813U Pierce at.
ELECTRICIAN wishes position; best of refer-
ences. Box 4140, Call office, i
BOY wishes a job In a wholesale house. Resi-
dence. 1C53 Howard st.
WAITER wants position. 270 Thirteenth st. '
YOUNG man wishes position as JanltorTscber
and steady; with Box 4131), Call.
OLD carpenter wants work; contract or day;
cheap: finishing or rough; city or country.
Box 413S.- Call office.
WANTED — Situation as errand boy. Address
box 41CO. Call office. j
YOUNG man (IP) will and can do anything. ;
Box. 4175, Call office. , .
WANTED— Situation as barkeeper. Address i
box 4174. CalUyoffice. .
.YOUNO' -man wants situation in office.)
Box 4173, Call office. j
SITUATION wanted as a porter at Z3O Third !
street. . j
PORTER' wishes steady work. 1375 Harrfson j
• street '
WANTRD — A position as bartender. ¦ Address'
37 Third st. ¦ • _j . |
POSITION as steward. H. H. W., 272 Thlr- (
.teenth at . - . - |
YOUNG man, licsitlon as an office boy. Box
, 4O7L Call office v£g3_____f________
f xairi_ si. ¦, r> - ,
WANTED — A bright young gentleman wishes
a position as canvasser. Box 4S34. Call.
i :
SHIRT cutter wants position. 22& Ksaray at.
¦ EXPERT stenographer desires position; pre-
ferably in wholesale house. Box 4,352, Call.
A YOUNG Frenchman wishes position as as-
sistant cook; speaks English. AKDRE'a,
317 Stockton st.
A YOUNG man. 10 years old. wishes work of
any kind. Box 4345, Call.
WANTED— Work as bartender. G. ALLAN,
124 Folaom st.
WANTED— Job as clerk. GEO. M-ARTY.
2ti27 Sutter St.. city.
POSITION as clerk. Box 4901. Call.
BOOTBLACK wants position. T. GALI. 241.
Cupcnt st.
WANTED — A position as packer; some expert*
eoce with glassware. Box 4300, Call.
WANTED — Situation as office boy. Box 4S2O,
Call office. . ?•; - ..
WANTED — A place as a teamster. Box -319,
Call office.
A MAN wishes a position as plumber's helper.
2U2 Minna st.
A BOY wants a position as stock boy. Box
4S18. Call office.
CARPENTER wants work. Apply 104 Fourth
street
WANTED — Light employment o. any klad.
Apply ROBERT CHRISTIE. 30 Post st
CAR repairer of 15 years' experience, would
like position. Call 253 Fell st.
WANTED— Position as elevator man. Box
4836, Call office^
BOY wishes position as an office boy. Address
3137 Lacuna st .*:: ,
BARTENDER would like work. W. MsCAU-
LEY. 154 Teharoa st.
WANTED— Situation in wholesale house, as-
sist in packing department by quiet tem-
perate young man. Address BERT, 937
Jlsrrrlson st., Oakland.
WANTED — By a bright young man, a posi-
tion In a wholesale house. Box 4320, Call.
YOUNG man wishes ti> carry moraine paper
route.. S. BULLOCK. 637 Webster st.
WANTED — By a thorough and experienced
bookkeeper a position; good bond and refer-
ences given. Box 4857, Call office.
BY electrician In private plant, direct or al-
ternating current; 'my experience covers the
o_>er_tion. cara and repair of machines and
all kinds of wiring. Box 4918. Call office.
WANTED — A position In box factory. Box
4915. Call office.
HEAD cook wants position In hotel; city or
country. Box 4915, Call office.
A PARTY desires a position as steam fitter.
36 Fourth st. -
FIRST-CLASS general machinist and engineer
wants steady position. Box 4»42. Call office.
CONFECTIONERS — Experienced cake baksr.
, German, age 25, wishes to work In small
shop alone with a helper; good references.
Box 4S12. Call office.
BOY wants office work. Box 4813a Call.
YOUNO man would Uka position driving
wagon. Box 4S14. C-H.
WANTED — Work as cook. Apply M. LES.
415 Sacramento st
BARBER wants work; short hours. Box 4310,
Call office. . j__
WANTED — A position as bartender. 8. WOLF.
3S Fourth st. .
BUTCHER wants position. S323 Eighteenth
ttrtet. ¦
WANTED — Position as butler. Box 4083. Call.
GilNTLEMAN <!e*tr*s a position as bartender.
771 Howard et
SITUATION attending cljrar store. Box 4082.
Call office. .
WANTED— Job as porter. 37 Third st.
WANTED — Wrrk ¦<• bartender. Apply CARL
MARKEN. 15 Third st. _--. ,
For Additional Classified AdYertiac-
nients Sec Pace 50.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER- 13, 1904.
50
__j__-_.OT_t_arT WAMT-P— ____»— Con. |
WANTED— Situation as department manager
or collector; first-class references. Box 4080.
Call office. ,''?-*•...¦**• -• •"'
GOOD all-round man want- work as stableman;
city or country: steady and sober; references.
Box 4OS5. Call.
WANTED — Position by boy of 17 in wholesale
drug house. Box 4855. Call.
GOOD w»iter wants position In restaurant.
Box 4854. Call. ; ¦¦
BOY wants a position running elevator. 838
Errant st.
AN experienced carpet layer wishes a position
In sosie furniture bouse. Apply 630 Natoma.
A GOOD and honest boy. 17 years, who Is an
experienced elevator operator, with first-class
references, wants a position. Box 4911. CalL
BARBER wants position: references. ED
8AMTER. 20 CFarrell _t.. room 25.
BOY to work In the evening. Box 4906, Call.
EOT wants work la office; ace 15. Box 4904,
Call offlca. .^'-:j
WATCHMAKER and engraver would like po-
sition In country; state wages. Box 4903.
Call office. .. ¦: / ,ri--
POSrnON as bookkeeper. Box 4902. Call.
WANTED— Work *» porter. D. W. McCAU-
LAY. 833 Edcy st.
SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a trustworthy man; handy with
tools; first-class references. 490 Hayes st.
WANTED— Position as a clerk. Box 46S6.
Call office.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. 4S87. Call.
WANTED— A Job at any kind of light work.
Box 4SS9. Call.
A TOUNG bartender wishes a position: city
or country. Adcress C. H-. 865 Elizabeth st.
BOY would like to learn plumber's trade.
DAN RACTK. 220 Natoma ft.
•WANTED— Position as a barber. Box 4835.
Call office. ¦¦»'.%'
"WANTED — Position to learn electrical busi-
ness. Apply 1048 Fifth ave. South.
WAITER wants work In country. Apply T.
McDONALD. 154 Tehama St. ;
WANTED — A young man wishes a situation
as Bolleltor. Box IS13, Call office.
POSITION a> ad - H.T jid stone man; Inte-
rior Journal. Box *>16, Call office.
BOY for office work. Box 4837. Call office.
POSITION wanted for any kind of work. Ad-
dress box 4859. Call office^ -
POSITION as a first-class porter. Address
box 4S39, Call office.
CARPENTER— Good mechanic wishes post- j
tion; shop work preferred. Box 4627. Call.
POSITION wanted as electrician. Box 4S4L I
Call office. I
HOTEL porter wants work. T. SMITH, 223
Third st.
6OBER. Industrious man wants work on pri-
»ate place. 744 Port rt.
""•OPJC wanted to clean windows, houses,
•tores, and fix up garden. Address H. B.,
613 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A position aa bartender. Address
J. K.. 16 Third st.
BARBER wants position. 141 Ellis St.
POSITION aa steward In restaurant. Box 1
4052. Call office.
HARDWARE clerk wishes position as sales-
man. Box 4934. Call.
TOUNG man would like to learn the plumbing
trade. • Box 4932. CalL
PORTEIt wants work to-morrow. 306 Third
etreet. . . " ,* •
POSITION wanted as clerk. Box 4926. Call.
WAITER wants position. 264 Twelfth st.
: gMri.OT-OBirP WA-T-P — Mala — Con.'
' BARTENDER, wants a position; day, night or
relief work. Box 4945. Call office.
WANTED— Position by experienced bartender.
F. B.. 15-H Third st.
GERMAN grocery clerk wanta a 'position in
the city; married man. Box 494t5. Call. .
DISHWASHER wishes position. 841 Howard
street.
PORTER wishes position. Address 841 How-
ard st.
SITUATION wanted as porter. Address 7S6
Howard at.
WANTED — A position as teamster. Box 4891,
Call office. -
SITUATION wanted— Anything reasonable; en- j
glneer, electrician, machinist; all-around
man; steady; licensed; competent; has tools
and' testing set; will work very reasonable.
Electrician. 324 Bush st. ¦ .
TOUNG boy wants position In machine shop.
Box 49S2, Call.
POSITION wanted by middle-aged man as
night watchman; 10 years with Market-st.
R. R. Address B. HEES. care of Chutes
Co.. Tenth ave. and Fulton st.
JOB wanted as office boy. Call 280 Ellis st.
WANTED — Position as meat-cutter. R. C.
DUNBAR. 435 Tehama st.
WANTED— Situation as porter. Box 4960.
Call office. ' ¦--•
WANTED — Position as barkeeper. Box 4961,
Call office.
WANTED — A position as butcher In country.
W. STOLTZ. 507 Fourth st.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy. Address
box 49C3. Call office. ' -'.". :. :
BARBER wants position. 1159 Geary st.
' 1
WANTED by first-class mechanic, small Jobs j
of mason work. Address GEO. CROSS. 815 1
Mlwsion st.. San Francisco. |
POSITION as waiter, country hotel. 110 Turk
street. "• -. '-:? ..
POSITION as porter, country hotel. 110 Turk
street. -;?.<.- ;>_ r \
POSITION as hostler, country hotel. 110 Turk
street.
AN experienced collector and office clerk
wishes position. Box 4S31, Call orflce. v -;
WANTED — Position as bartender. WM. DIX- |
ON 142 Fourth st. •
• 1
BOY wishes a situation as errand boy. Box
4S32. Call^ ¦ ¦ - -
ASSISTANT In cigar store. Address 812 Turk
etreet.
WANTED— Job as bartender. 402 Third st.
YOUNG man wants position. to drive delivery
wagon. Box 4S34. Call.
POSITION as porter or watchman; references.
CC9 Octavla st.
BARBER wants Saturday and Sunday work.
Apply 203 Third st.
A YOUNG man with good office and other i
commercial experience wishes position; will- |
ing to work; (rood reference and bond if re-
qulred. Box 6000. Call.
A PLATEN press feeder wants a position. Box
4957. Call.
WOt'LD like a Job as porter in a saloon. Box '
4956, Call.
WANTED — A position as first-class candy- ]
maker. Apply 506 Union st.
WANTED — Position as porter In saloon. Box I
4S29. Call. I
ELDERLY, sober. Industrious man wants work :
on a private place; understands milking; !
handy with tools. Box 4995. Call. j
CARPENTER, elderly man. wants work; good
fi-ilsher and all-round man; wages reason-
able. Box 4994. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants position. Box
4997, Call. ¦ i
A FIRST-CLASS cook wants position. Apply i
354 H Brannan st. . j
AN experienced collector; also competent book- 1
EMPLOYMENT WAHTBP — Male— Con. '
SCHOOLBOY wishes a Saturday position. Box
4.0. Call office. ,
WANTED— Position as porter, city; have ref-
erences. Address box 425. Call office.
BRIGHT boy wants a position in an insurance
office. MILTON CROWE, 3045 Twenty-sec-
ond St. r ¦-.»'¦' •
BARTENDER, experienced, wishes position;
gives references. Box 423. Call office.
CLERICAL position: wholesale house preferred.
Box 422. Call office. ¦
WANTED— A position as cook. Box 428, Call
office. 7 ¦ ¦ ¦ ': '
SHOE repairer wants position. Call 246 Third
street.
YOUNG man would like work of any kind
from 10 to 4 p. m. Box 4985. Call office. "
A POSITION as office boy. Call 123 Sixth
street.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants set of
books to koep evenings; firm In Mission pre-
ferred. Box 49S7. Call office. __•
BOY wani's to learn the plumbing trade. Box
40S9. Call office. '
WANTED— A position as sausage maker.
WM. BARRON. 400 Ninth et.
WANTED — Position by middle-aged man. 1219
Buchanan 6t. •
WANTED— Position as stock clerk In whole-
sale house. Box 49S4, Call office. __^_
A STEADY man would like position as driver.
JOHN HOOPER, 19% Perry st.
WANTED— Position as pie baker. JOHN
SCHMIT, 142 Second at.
AN experienced grocery clerk wishes position.
74 Santa Marina 6t-
A YOUNG man wishes position as stock clerk;
references. J. L. B.. box 406. Call office.
YOUNG man desires work in saloon or gro-
cery; willing to do any work.' Box 410. Call.
YOUNG man attending school- In city wishes
place to work before and after school hours
for board. Address ERNEST, box 804. Call.
A STRONG boy of 17 wants work where he
can make himself useful. Addrees J. S.,
lti Jansen St., city. . "
SITUATION as hostler In stable. S. H.
JONES. 416 McAllister st. '
SITUATION as porter. E. HARNUS. 1433 :
Mission st. :
YOUNG man wishes position In cigar stand.
Box 824. Call office.
COACHMAN, 16 years' experience, wants posl-
* tlon; city or suburbs : can milk and do gar-
dening if required; first-class city reference.
Box 825, Call office. -
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind. 816
Union st.
WANTED— Position "by expert Jeweler. Box
858, Call office.
A YOUNG German would like to get work of
any kind: city or country; best of references.
Box 859, Call office. ¦
BOY (15) wants a situation In a store. 1419"^
Mission st. -
A RELIABLE, middle-aged man wants situa-
tion as watchman or man about place; is
honest and industrious: references. Call or
address JOHN BAKER, 958 Mission st.
MAN wants work. 203 Third street.
A MAN wants position as cook. 90S Sansome
street.
BOOKKEEPER and office assistant; reasonable
salary: references. Address box 863, Call.
TRAVELING man, hustler, well acquainted
In California and Nevada; any line of goods.
Addresa box 804, Call office.
EXPERIENCED boy wants work in a ware-
houee; reference. 1055 Howard 6t.
YOUNG man wishes position in drug store; has
had 5 years' experience and can furnish good
references. Box 4958. Call office.
SITUATION wanted — Salesman wants position
on the road at once; six years' experience;
best of references. Box 863, Call office.
MARRIED young couple desire positions in 1
private place; both intelligent and good I
workers. Box 852, Call office. •
YOUNG man wishes a position to run elevator.
Box 4922. Call.
POSITION wanted as waiter. Box 4928. Call.
WANTED— Pceltion as errand boy. 145 Thir-
teenth st. ¦
POSITION as gardener. Box 4905. Call.
FIRST-CLABS butler wishes poslUoa. Box
4913. Call office.
WANTErv— Position as waiter. Box 4912. Call.
yoiXO man would like a position to run an
•elevator. Box 4'J25. Call.
BUTCHER t22) want* position; shop and
wagon. Box 4331. Call office.
WANTED — Pf.sStlon as compositor on country
weekly. Bex 4914. Call office. _^;
"WANTED — Position as barkeeper In country.
Box «30. Call office. . , I
YOUNG man wishes situation as collector. Ad.
drer* .117 Jones st. . '
WANTED— Work ts cook. Apply H. MUL-
LER. 933 Kearny rt.
WANTED — Work as bertenfier. D. MeCAUL-
ARY. 412 Folscrn tl.
WANTED — Position. as waiter. Address box j
4927. Call office. !
"WANTED— Position as c'.crk. Address box '
4&43. Call office.
WANTED — Position as stableman. Address J.
F.. €S2 Eleventh «t
BRICKLAYER wants work: city or country:
competent man. . Box 4937. Call office. ;
BOY <14 years) wishes to work after school
hour*. 1415 Sixteenth ave.
TOUNG man wishes a position as watchman;
by Irtter only. G. R. N.. 190 Hickory ave.
WANTED — Uy elderly man. situation on pri-
vat* plare as choreman. T. TAYLOR, Stti
Market st. • . >.-;
TOI'NG man would Itke work as plumber's
helptr. Address H2S14 Tehama st.
EXPERIENCED rtook clerk wants position.
A-l-rc-s box 4940. Call office.
SITUATION wanted a« b'.ackzmltb's helper.
Addrr-f* 1315 Montgomery et.
Tt'AITKR wants work Saturday. 133 Fourth
street .
TOUNG German, tndumious and reliable, dc-
•lres porltkin at anything; best references.
Addrms MAX. 075 Howard St.
SITUATION wanted— Engineer, electrician and
machinist; ail-around man; has licence; 21
years" *_perlen«-e; tools; very be«t of refer-
ences and rfcomm<ml«; can run and keep tn
order anything that t>roduce* or uses steam
or electricity. Box 49C2. Call.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy. Call 120
Haight rt.
BOY wants any kind cf work. Box 43T9
C_ll office.
CASHIER, collector, manager or salesman
wl*hf« position; be*t of references and bond
Box 4833. Call.
K1KST-CLA58 machinist and electrician wlsh-s
a portion in the city or country. Box 4S34
Cell office. '
MAN and wife -ant work on ranch; woman
good cook; man general ranch hand; best of
references. Box 4S88. Call.
W nc ! _ T 4 I K96~C«n tlOa ¦' black8mlUl ' B helper.
COMPETENT camp cook wants a place- city
cr country. Box 48D3. Call. .. . 7
VOUKG man wants to learn trade. 815 Fll-
WANTED— Position as bartender. Call 441
" butchfr - m
WANTED— A position as errand boy in dry
goods house. Address box 4078. Call. *
A SOBER, reliable man. middle-aged wotiM
like a pomtlon as porter; can furnish refer-
mow. Box 4»77. Call. reier-
JAPANESE honest boy . wants position at
s ou ha w r? SjTS^i^T En * tth we »-
JAPANESE honert boy wanta a position as
•choolboy in _mall family; wages II CO Ad
ore s. T. A.. 1431 Bush St.
HONEST, experienced Japanese wants a post-
?,*? K hou«eworker; plain cook, waiter or
schoolboy. K. SHIOSAKA. 1.10 Larkln st!
11 *" P** 111011 - Address box 4944,
keeper; best references. Box 4991. Call. ;
RELIABLE, competent in many occupations, :
experienced single German, wishes any kind !
of work; reasonable wages. M. FRICK, 414
Jackson et. . !
YOUNG man. well educated, accurate and rell. J
able, with knowledge of bookkeeping and }
business experience wants position; refer-
ences. Box 49C6, Call. ¦-.*;."¦
POSITION wanted as wrapper. 427 Natoma
etreet.
HOTEL storeroom clerk, good checker, beet !
references Becks employment. Address box
866, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind. 510
Filbert st. ¦_>«.- 1
POSITION as clerk In notion store. Box 8C7,
Call office.
WORK wanted by expert mechanical electrical I
and patent draughtsman. S Box 868, Call. :
—^ ——_-______ —————— — —__—______ 1
WANTED — A position as stock clerk. Box
870, Call office. '
SITUATION wanted as a bookbinder. Address
box 872, Call office.
WANTED — Work for a strong boy. Apply C31
Natoma st.
HAT salesman wants position; references.' E.
B. C. 200 Hyde st.
MIDDLE-AGED man deelres a position as
watchman. Address box 874. Call office.
YOUNG boy desires position of any kind Ad-
dress 674 Hayes st.
WANTED— Position as helper for blacksmith.
Address J. RILEY, HC3 Dupont st.
AMBITIOUS, husky young man not afraid of j
work, knows bookkeeping, electricity, aleo '
pick and shovel, wants a chance, that's all-
give particulars. Box 876. Call.
GOOD Japanese boy who can speak English, as
«t pUln cook. GEORGE, 1304 Post St.- phone
Butter 4132. j
STEAM engineer desires position at once. 630
Natoma st. * j
-—-————-—-—-—-————- — ¦ —-____ 1
YOUNG man wishes position as wrapper. 2123
Chestnut st. • , ;
WANTED— A position as porter. 784 Howard!
street.
*
WANTED — Employment as plumber's helper.
Box 497&. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter would like suitable
Job. Box 402. Call office. i
BOY wishts a position on a wagon. C20 Turk
street. |
—— — — : j
BOY would like to get position In store. Box I
404, Call office. j
JANITOR wants position (anywhere) or general
work In or around place, or house and window i
cleaning by the day. or other kind of work
I. MEYER, 110 Hyde st.
HONEST, trustworthy, young • man wants
steady position as gardener; references If re-
<julr»*l. Box 401, Call office.
EXPERIENCED bath house porter wishes em-
ployment. Box 490S, Call office.
POSITIONS by man and wife In hotel ax cham-
bermaid ana porter. Address 4 Chesla place
city. ';,.,
WANTED — Position as Janitor; city experience
Address box 49tg». Call office.
BOOKKEEPER of U year-' experience In mer-
cantile and manufacturing, rapid, accurate
and up to date, desires engagement; refer-
ences from previous employers; correspond-
ence and collections specialty. Address P
941. Poolar St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Hy a respectable and responsible
man, work as watchman. Janitor- or day
work; handy with carpenter and plumber's
toola; Al . references. Address . JULIUS, 146
Second ave., Richmond district.
WANTED— Set of books to keep evenings Box
4US8. Call office. *
ERRAND boy wants a position. 64 Harriet
street.
SITUATION wanted as a press feeder. Address
box 4970. Cull office.
BOY wants position as office boy.- Box 4973
Call office. . '
BUTCHER wants position; references. 8. W
RAYMOND. 1316 Pest st
WATCHMAKER would like position. Box 407
Call office. ,
BOY would like - to get position In drug
store. Box 408, . Call office. 23SN~£Sn_""H5M
BOY 14 : years old wishes steady Job. 3142
Pierce at. .
BUTLER second man. experienced, wishes po-
£1°%.. cltJr or <:o-ntry. Address HENRY,
8C5 Elizabeth st.
J
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and office man; '
good references. Box 802, Call office.
WANTED — Position . as salesman. Apply
HARRY MULLER, 539 Bush at.
POSITION as waiter in a country hotel. Bo*
852, Call office.
WANTED — Employment by a married man
who is willing to work. Apply at 27 ">£ Mis-
sion st.
PAINTER paperhanger and tlnter; has tools.
Painter. 1210 Mission St.; phone Scott 1848.
WAITER would like position In country hotel.
F. McDONALD, 154 Tehama st.
BARTENDER wants situation In country re-
sort. Box 805, Call.
ENGINEER wants position; first-class refer-
ence. 318 Tehama st.
PRESSMAN wants situation. EDWARDS,
3739 Seventeenth st.
POSITION as day clerk for lodging-house.
J. F.. box 855. Call.
YOUNG butcher, used to have a route and
work In thp shop, wishes position In the city.
Box S05. Call.
A YOUNG man wishes a position in a music
store. Box 419. Call.
BY man of some experience In cigar store.
Box 414. Call.
A YOUNG man would like position to run
electric elevator. Box 826. Call. . . ¦
A YOUNG man to work around' saloon as
porter. Box 827, Call.
BARTENDER wfshes a position; willing to do
porter work. Box 413, Call.
SITUATION as yalesman; references. G.
TAYLOR. 341 Sixth 8t.
SET of books "to keep evenings. Boxs4i2,VCall.
A BOY wishes steady work; age 13. Box
481. Call.
BOY wants work In factory. Box 4S9, Call.
PORTER wishes a position In & wholesale
bouse. 39 Jessie st. ' .' ¦-• :
A VARNISHER and polisher "want* work on
pianos and fine furniture; country orders
taken. Box 405. Call.
YOUNG man wishes a Job as plumber's
helper. Tel. 1501 Sutter.
CARPENTER (non-union), can plan build-
ing, wanta work. Box 818.
MAN and wife want work; city or country
hotel; wife chambermaid, man -waiter or
bartender; experienced. Box 812, Call.
POSITION wanted as porter. F. F., 314
Third St.
PORTER, wishes a position In a wholesale
house. Apply 35 Jessie st;
PORTER wishes a situation In a wholesale
house. Apply 22 First st.
"COMPETENT book and Job printer desires
situation. Box 491, Call office.
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
week; will Rive estimates If desired; has all
necessary shop tools. Bex 488, Call office.' -'
PORTER, middle-aged man, experienced,
wishes . work, in Oakland, San Francisco or
Alameda bocrdlnK-house or hotel. Address
box 1513. Call office, Oakland. .
ELDERLY German wants position ; under-
stands perfectly the taking care of horses
and gardening. Box 1514, Call office, . Oak-
land.
WANTED— Situation by young , gentleman of
, good address. Bex 493. Call office. - .7 •
POKTEK wishes a position in a wholesale
house. 39 Jessie st. ,
A YOUNG man wishes position as porter in &
restaurant. Box '842, . Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation as
bookkeeper. S. HYMAN. 329 Gough st.
POSITION 6S fireman on coal oil or "electric
. engines. 201 Fremont st.
CANDY-MAKER wishes position. 816 Lyon
street.
BRIGHT, honest young dentist desires work.
Address box 465,; Call . of flee. \ ', ¦ . .
CARPENTER willdo repair work. 2027 Tay-
lor at.' -..-:.': '¦- ... ¦
WANTED — Situation as a night watchman.
ALBERT GREENHOW. ? 1707 ; Dupont st. 3
COLLECTOR wants position; best: of refer-
t-nce; experienced;,^ 141 Polk St. "
A YOUNG man. wishes. position as pantryman;
experienced. Address box' 472, Call office. ;-
E-OTI.O— anSWT WANTED- M-lc— Con. |
WANTED^By a chainman, a hustler,' work
with surveyor In county; can cook, pack or
drive team; moderate salary. Box 468, Call
office.
HANDY young man of Intelligence wishes any
¦ kind of work. Box 485, Call office.
POSITION as waiter; • city or country. D.
VAUGHAN., 216 California st.
CARPENTER wants work by Job. Box 483.
Call office. - '.
WANTED — A position as watchman; old man;
can furnish reference. CHARLES MAYNOR,
744 Howard -t.
ACCOUNTANT wants work. . 837% Natoma
street.
TOUNG man . wanta position as porter. 023 &
Mission st.
WANTED— A position as cleric Box 838. Call
office.
W -.*K NTED -- sltu - tlo n. as night watchman.
WM.v BLOCK. 411 Greenwich st.
SITUATION wanted doing artistic leather-
burnlng. A. C. box 840. Call office.
STRONG boy wishes work la store. 155 Clem-
entina St. : _-•.-- .
WANTED— Position as bellboy. CHAS.
FRANKLIN. 2Q9 Dolores st.
WANTED— Position as elevator runner. BERT
JONES, 744 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted aa porter. JOHN YOUNG,
1433 Dupont at.
POSITION by exsent bookkeeper; salary no
object. E. H.. 319 Sixth st.
WA « N L TE iP~ A Position as night watchman.
JAS. -WALSH. 733 Howard st.
BOOKKEEPER, thoroughly competent to han-
aie any class accounts, able correspondent,
long experience, desires engagement; tempo-
rarily or permanent; references. Box 462,
Call office. v .
EXPERT bookkeeper wants a position. Box
461, Coll office.
BOOKKEEPER, thoroughly practical, desires
position; high references. Address box 470.
Call office. - -
BOOKKEEPER would like temporary work;
flrtt-class city references. Box 460, Call.
BOY wants position running elevator. Address
box 439, Call office.
WANTED— A position as apprentice to car-
penter. 529 Mission st. - - *
A PAINTER, with tools, wants work by the
day, whitening and tinting. J. HUNTER.
1877 O'Farrell; phone Steiner 1075.
A POSITION as porter and packer in whole-
sale dry goods house. Apply B. O. W., 304
Dolores st.
PASTRY cook, confectioner, wants steady po-
sltlon In first-class hotel. Box 822, Call. ,
WANTED — Position as stock clerk. JAMES
WILSON. 207 Jones st.
WANTED— Position as bartender. 319 Fifth st.
WANTED — Place as Janitor. 314 Folsom st.
HOT wishes position as errand boy. Box 4995,
Call office. ..
WANTED— A position as porter. 2018%
Powell st.
CARPENTER (non-union) wants work; good
finisher and bench hand; wages reasonable.
Box 1510. Call office. Oakland.
GOOD plain French cook, one month from
France, wishes position In private family;
Oakland or Alameda. Box 150S, Call office,
' Oakland. ¦
TRAVELING salesman desires a side line;
! answer before Wednesday. Box 1507, Call
office. Oakland. .
BARTENDER wishes position in country.
Box 1504. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position; good at book-
keeping, shorthand, typewriter and" general
clerical work. Box 1502, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— PoMtlcn as bookkeeper. Box 800.
Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger and sign writer wants
work; tools iurnlshed. 1272 Folsom St.; tel.
Mtnt'131.' • ' ;' l
WANTED — Position in an office; references
and experience. Box 80S, Call office. . -
REFRACTING optician, thorough, energetic,
proofs success under difficult, circumstances,
seeks position with reliable house, San Fran-
cisco or Oakland. Box 843, Call office.
POLISHER wants Job. Box 806, Call office. '
WANTED — Job as fixture hanger. Box 807,
Call office.
SANDWICH man wants Job; wages no object.
Box 449, Call office.
WANTED— Position as porter. Box 451, Call
office.
AS morning barkeeper; first class. Address
box 435, Call office.
DRAUGHTSMAN and building superintendent
wishes position with architect or contractor;
. understands bookkeeping. Box 453, Call.
PORTER wishes situation In wholesale house.
Apply 22 First st.
WANTED — Situation aS linotype machinist.
' Box 454. Call.
YOUNG man. speaks French and German.
j wishes position. in wholesale wine and liquor
' business ; best of . references. Box 457, Call.
WANTED — A position as porter In wholesale
I house. Box 431, Call.
WANTED— Bookkeeping or clerical position;
references. Box 830. Call. ¦ \ : -/¦
YOUNG German desires position of any kind ;
would prefer to learn trade or as helper for
carpenter. Box S33, Call.
YOUNG German desires to learn good trade
or position of any kind. ' OSKAR VOGL,
417 Keamy st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position. 163 Te-
hama st. '
POSITION wanted as porter. A. B., 60S
Clay st. ,
WANTED — Position as plumber's helper. Box
832, Call office.
YOUNG man. married. 20 years in "hardware
business, withes position aa salesman * or
, manager; experience, 7 years In Europe, ' re-
tail hardware; eight, years manager retail
hardware, U. S. ; last five years traveling
> rc-presentstivo largest wholesale hardware
house U. S. Answer box 433, Call office.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 854,
Call office. . - ,
PORTER work; hotel, saloon; city or country.
Box 853, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER wanta position. 121 Rusa
street. . . .
POSITION \ by married man, no children, as
foreman on cow ranch. Address box 810, Call.
AA— A COMPETENT man wishes position in
private place; understands gardening, milk-
ing; . handy with- tools, machinery; good
' horseman and driver; ..best of references.
Box 834." Call office.
WANTED— Job as porter. W. PALMER, 121
Pine. at.
WANTED— Position In cigar store. Addresa
box &13, Call office. [
BOY wants work by the week. Address 1407
-Tenth ave. South. -
JAPANESE (good boy) wants situation as
. waiter ; at : table In nice family. GEORGE,
•313 Sutter st. Tel. Black 4241., r ; :
YOUNG married man ' wishes position as . col-
lector, . or drive delivery . wagon; bonds f ur-
nlshed. f Box 445. Call office, f
A' YOUNG..' man - wishes a' position as bar-
tender;' understands German. 119 Broad-
" way. - ¦¦; -.¦-.. . - " -- .' ,- ¦ - , ;:, '-:;¦
NON-UNION carpenter; ' good ' at " repairing or
shingling; reasonable, Box 446, Call office. '
DISTRIBUTOR' wants work; references. Ad-
>dress, box 448.1 Call .office. ',. ;
MACHINE. draughtsman: will take extra work
¦ '.for evenings."". Box 819,'- Call office.. ",' ..
WANTED— Position as mine waiter. :"W. BAR-
-¦ TINE.744 Howard st. . — ,'
ALL; around clerk, bookkeeper, typewriter, ,
young; „ active and accurate, up ¦¦ and v going
and on the bit, wants a show; give me a
-: try-out.:. Box 1503,. Call office, Oakland. ;
WANTED-'-Posltlon as tailor. Apply at 651
Stevenson St. . , -.;¦ " ¦ . ¦*¦'¦»'¦ '
PORTER^ wishes situation In wholesale house.
'".'Apply; 39 "Stevenson 'st. ; . I
WANTED— Position! as ¦ repairer of -hoes. Ap-
'¦ ply.- 1 ; Kent ' st.".^g5ggg_jj|$gggjgjgjg|
TEAMSTER wishes < position. . Box 1 439, Call
' [office. ;.-. . ¦
_ ¦ ¦
-MPLOYMEKT WAMT-p — Mal»— Con.
SITUATION wanted by practical farmer; mar-
ried; can live on the place with his family;
best of references. Box 450, Call.
' YOUNG man wants position as candy helper.
T. KEARNEY. 14'JO Dolores at. ¦
ACTIVE, middle-aged, sober man wants work;
hanjy around house, garden, etc. ; can milk
and make butter; wages $15. Box 441, Call:
WANTED— Position to band cigars In factory.
J. LIMET. 1125 Market st.
POSITION. -wanted by an experienced young :
man as private secretary, or assistant book-
keeper; .will consider any other kind of cler-,
leal position; best of references 1 - furnished.
¦ Box 4899.' Call office.
AA — A FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger,
tlnter and grainer desires work by the day
or Job; .first-class work guaranteed; . good
work very reasonably done. 1454 Devlsadero.
COMPETENT man wants situation to care for
horses, harnesi), etc.; good .driver, handy
with tools; private place. H. B., 613 Mont-
gomery, st. . ¦ — •
MECHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detaller, 18 years' experience,* mining,
stationary and factories, wants work. Box
4108, Call office. . - -
WANTED — Position as city salesman • for San
Francisco or Oakland firm; Al references.
Address Salesman,- lilO Apgar St.. Oakland.
ELDERLY man. small, neat, active. Intelli-
gent, wants situation; references. Box 4143,
' Call office. • - ¦¦...-'
BUTLER or Indoor servant wants situation;
experienced, honest and wllllns: German;
best references. O. S., box 4822. Call.
COOK and wife de3ire situations: man good
cook and baker; wife waitress or second
work In kitchen. Box 4S28. Call office.
BARTENDER, honest and sober, wishes situa-
tion in Oakland or country: fcest of refer-
ences. Box 1506. Call office. Oakland.
A 1 FOREIGNER, recently arrived, wishes work
as blacksmith in factory or anywhere, with
moderate wages. GEO. DATES. 777- Folsom.
WANTED — Position as porter or watchman;
best references. Box 4079. Call office.
POSITION wanted -by first-class soda roan Or
second bartender. Box 4084. Call office.
ALL' ABOUND man wishes position as watch-
man; best of references. Box 4190. Call. .
WANTED— House painting by the day. H. C.
JENSEN. 1220 Laguna st.
BOY would like a Job driving horse and
wagon. Box 41(18, Call office.
COMPETENT man wishes position as • mana-
ger In any business. Box 4818, Call office.
BOY wishes a position on a waron. 1243
Union st. •
DRUGGIST . wishes position; city or country;
registered; references. Box 4918, Call office.
WANTED— Position as watchmaker: • expe-
rienced. Box 4929, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS chef, experienced in German,
French, Portuguese and American kitchen,
slso does fine confectionery work, wishes
position on the 15th or 1st of next month;
held good positions often In Germany as chef.
Box 4552. Call office.
YOUNG man. married, conversant 3 • lan-
guages, traveled extensively, able corre-
sponding cltrk, fully qualified' for positions
of trust ana mesponslbillty. wishes to ' im-
prove. ¦ Box 4154. Call.
A COMPETENT man, single, wishes a position
near -city, steady,, to care for a place; expe-
rienced In orchard, good driver, gardening
and handy with carpenter tools. Address
box 4873. Call office. ¦
YOUNG man. of. 18 would like position an a
helper In a good American home and do er-
rands while -learning the English language.
JAMES CHRIST. 1103V8 Folsom st.
A COMPETENT . man (German) desires posl- i
tlon: experienced tn wine and liquor business,
wholesale and retail. Address box 4094. Call.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a situation
as schoolboy or housework, porter ' In good
family In the city or vicinity. M. GEORGE,
4 St. Mary's st.
JAPANESE,, neat youth, desires a place to
learn violin In exchange for housework and
kitchen help. FRED, care IDE CO., 207
Battery -t. ,
A YOUNG ¦ Japanese boy wants a position as
plain cook or housework; has experience and
Bpeaks English:' country or city. T. MATSU-
SAKA, 609 Pine St.. S. F.
A YOUNG Japanese ''wants a situation as* a
schoolboy cr easy housework' In good fam-
ily- In. the city, or ..vicinity. . NOMAGUCHr.
505 Du?ont st. j
JAPANESE couple wlch positions: man good
cook:- wife- waitress and hous*work: wages
$50 per, month. ROY SHOJO. 467 Hayes st. |
A JAPANESE boy wants to work In plain
family before and after school. Address O.
CHARRY. 744 Pout St., phone Sutter 1731.
JAPANESE good school boy. wants position In
private family; speaks English; has best ref-
erences. 1656 Broadway: in from 1 until 4.
JAPANESE- youns-' boy wants a position to
make beds or housework; is well experienced.
SUZUKI. 511 Bush st.; phone Black 5034.
A JAPANESE "boy wanta to work In plain
family, before and after echool. Address O.
CHARRY. 744 Post at.: phone Sutter 1731.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads, and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
~XCHA-T Q~.
OWNER business block, stores and .theater
would trade equity for San Francisco prop-
erty. , Box 4545. . Call office. , . ,
WANTED— To exchange buff Orflngton roost-
ers. ' Box 275, Berkeley.
OAKLAND flats for city property; will as-
sume. Box 4808. Call.
rnsAirciAx.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
CapitaLpald In $4,600,000 00
EurplUJ 940.901 S6
Issues
. , ' • • Six per cent ¦ ¦ .
Investment Certificates
-Vyi At car.
Office — No. 14 Eansome street.
w^./ _-.: - San Francisco, Cal.
— — . — , — — "¦ — —
DON'T risk your money in questionable vent-
ures when you can obtain - "First Mortgage
Gold Bonds" (first lien on downtown business
property) paying a- good rate' of interest and
as secure as Government bonds; single bonds
$500 00 each; Interest payable quarterly; at-
torneys seeking Investments for clients and
trustees of estates should Investigate this at
once. "Bonds." 30 Crocker building. .
SUCCESSFUL money lenders will soon open
: another, office and offer an interest and po-
sition to the right man who can 1 furnish
part of loanable funds as wanted; tills Is
tin exceptional opportunity to establish a
young man in. a sound business, much like
bunking; references required. Address box
.1512, Call office.. .-„.:. -
RARE snap— For sale. 180 American Marconi
$5 cert's In lots of 40 and 60 shares at $4;
' also all unlisted Tonopahs and Golrlfl»ids
stocks at bargain price*. ,F. COWPER-
THWAITE, Stockton. Cal. . .
RELIABLE man wants $150; will pay 20 per
cent imprest; security first, mortgage gilt
- PdK<> real estate. "Box 1517, Call office, Oak-
land. • -:.-.¦¦••¦-. _S££@£$mP3|
WANTED-^-To purchase < Realty Syndicate
certificates. MANHATTAN . LOAN COM-
,: PANY, 107-103 Crocker building. ¦
CHOICE first . mortgage security, netting 6 1-3
per. cent., for sale- at"- 102 and accrued In-'
. tereet. : Box- 434. Call.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free
Write A. F. HARABZTHY. 522 Crosule- bdgl
-TJ-t-nSHBD. "
NICELY furnished flat of 6' rooms and bath;
all outside.' sunny rooms; cheap;, parties go-
- ; - Ing -East. -'108% .Turk st. - - ...
A MODERN.- nunny upper flat;7 large rooms;
newly furnished 3 months ago. 917 Jones
. St., near Bush, H to 5 p. in. •
FOR " SALE— Partly furnished flat; must sell
", at once on account of owner, leaving • city.
3272 'Twentieth st. -.-_ >- .-.¦<, ¦ .-• . ¦;
BARGAIN— Leaving cify ; : furnished : flat of 4
i ¦-• rooms ;¦ rent $10. 30 Langton,bet.How'd-Fol'm.
COMPLETELY furnished modern sunny, flat, 6
-;•; rooms; ; 3- rooms. rented. - • 877 r Eddy st, <-
NOE.* 254--For sale,; flat of 3 rooms and bath
complete. X125;. rent $10; no -dealers. - - ¦
FURNISHED flat of 8 rooms and bath; make
- offer; i no . trlflers. - 7 Hyde .St. L - -
P3-ATS TO LET— STP-tWIS-CEP. /
FLAT; of three ; ; large ; sunny ; rooms, coal and
¦gas range, bath, -large ~\ yard; '$20. 4220
Twenty-sixth ; St., 'Castro: st. v ; cars. ¦
DIAMOND," S1.9 — Flat I of ~i 3 ' sunny ": furnished
' rocms; hot and cold water.
'• FLATS I TO X-S~- ; !
A— HOUSES aud flats to let; an immense! list:
service absolutely free; take,. advance of
this department; It will save V%u Ome
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-5» Ueary
su, on the square. -¦."*. .'•
- y. o* .- 1
TO let— A handsome new modern sunny flat of I
7 rooms; corner of Duboce ave. and Walter
St.. opposite Duboce Park; key on premises,
rent reasonable. ¦ .
$17 50 TO $24 — 3O beautiful sunny flats of 4 to
0 rooms and bath; Lombard St.. « as *_ a f 1 d
west of Devlsadvro. VON 'RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. 51*3 California st.
NEW flats on th« west line of Van Ness ave..
north of Francisco; rents ranging from f -a
to $35. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO..
513 California st. -
FELL, 689. near Webster— Elegant new upper
flat of 6 rooms, bath, reception-room ; stairs
carpeted; near Hayes and Flllmora st. lines;
rent $37 50. Key at 893 Fell st.
SCOTT, between O'Farrell and Ellis— All Im-
proved, new. ounny flats cf 5. 5 and 6 rooms;
all light; a nice neighborhood: large yard;
rent $25. $27 and $3O per month.
DUBOCE ave.. 146. near Valencia— Lower flat
of 0 rooms and bath: rent $25. VOS
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California.
PIERCE, 2935— Desirable neighborhood ; ele-
. gant 6- room flat; very reasonable to reliable
party. '
ELLIS. 828—2 large parlors and kitchen for
physician, hairdresser or ' milliner; $30; r«-
cently finished. ' .
NEW 5-room flat; price $2750; up to date; east
side of Central ave.. between Golden Gate
ave. and McAllister . st. .
SECOND-story flat; 7 sunny rooms and bath-
room; 2 attic rooms and basement; marine
view. 1428 Green St.. near Van Ness avi.
i ELEGANT, up-to-date new flats. 3108-10-12 j
Clay St.. near Baker; 7 and 8 rooms; light. .
sunny, well fln.; beam ceilings; rent reduced.
BRANNAN, 422V4. near Third — Upper, sunny
4-roora flat; rent $12; water free; yard, eel-
lar.
LARKIN. 1930, 1936. 1944. near Broadway-
New modern flats, 7 and 8 rocms; rent re»
duced to $30. $35. $37 50.
MASONIC ave.. 1369, near Haight— New flat;
5. rooms, bath; finished basement room; swell
location. ¦'
VAN NESS ave., 2927-29, nr. Union — 2 desir-
able upper flats, 8 rooms and bath each;
marine • view; rents reasonable. ¦
BAKER. 731-733— Extra fine flats. 6 rooms;
very sunny; near McAllister »t.
CASTRO, 073. near 20th— Modern sunny flat.
6 rooms, stable or without stable, reasonable.
CORNER flat for doctor, dentist, etc. 2042
Scott • »t., corner Sacramento.
ELEGANT new flat; 6 large, sunny rooms and
; bath.- 1737 Page St.. near Golden Gate Park.
ELEGANT middle 7 rooms: modern; sun every
room; large garden. 1350 McAllister st.
ELLIS. 622^— Three-room flat to let.
FIFTEENTH. 22S2— Basement flat; 4 rooms; 1
$13; apply on premises. 1
FI-AT of 7 sunny rooms and bath: Mission J
warm belt. 34-'J5 20th St.. bet.' Capp-Howard. |
FLAT to let— 0 rooms and bath; rent reduced, t
I 234 Third st. T |
! FOURTEENTH, 129B. cor. Shotwell— Bay-
window flat; 0 sunny rooms ;• bath; $27 50.
HAIGHT. 948— Sunny flat; 7 rooms.
HARRISON. 2511. .near 21st — t rooms and j
! bath; modern and sunny; rent $17. ¦ ..' : •¦*•.'.- s \
HUGO. 531, near Sltxh ave.— New sunny mod-
ern flat: tinted; near Park; $23. 1
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st. j
LYON, 11%— Modern-, sunny upper flat of 7 j
rooms and bath; rent $35. . j
MASONIC ave., 1050 — Beaulful nearly new 5- j
room middle flat; rent $30. .
MISSION. 2728. nr. 23d— Upper flat of 7 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements.
I
MODERN sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath. 534 :
Central ave..- near Hayes st. • \- j
NEW. modern 8 and T room flats. 134S Ellis!
St.; call from 10 to 4 dally; rent reduced. j
; NEW modern upper sunny flat, 5 rooms and :
! bath; rent $22 60. 3S25 Twenty-fourth st. |
1 NICE sunny upper flat; grand marine view; 6
i rooms, bath; SE. cor. Jones and Broadway, i
NICE sunny upper flat, 6 rooms; rent $27 50. :
735 Shrader si., near Waller.
' ONE two-story flat to let. 21S Moulton st.
PINE. 3023, nr. Lyon — Desirable upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
SEVENTEENTH. 41S2. near Castro— Modern,
sunny upper flat; '7 rooms, bath, basement, j
SHIPLEY. 289. nr. Sixth— Desirable middle j
. flat. 4 r. ; lower 4 r. : rents reasonable. !
STEINER, 34, near' Haight. opposite Duboce
Park — 7 rooms and bath; $30.
TURK, 1505-1509, cor. Steiner— Mod. upper cor.
flat. 6 rooms, bath. $30; 5 rooms, bath, $25.
UPPER flat, 7 rooms and bath. S50 Haight
street.
¦WALLER. 110SB, -near Park entrance — Sunny
fiats; 3 and 5 rooms, bath; rent $12 to $22 50.
$20— SUNNY bay-window flat. 5 rooms ari_
' bath. 12C3 Guerrero st.. cor. 24th. -
$_8 «»— NEW, artistic flats, 6 rooms. 123 Cart
street.
PLATS "WANTED.
IN Western Addition; nice flat of 5 rooms and |
garret: American family; no children; per-
manent. Box 4959, Call office.
¦ • rUBMITUBB WANTED. •
"*""""""*'* ~ ABE LEVT^
Ealecroom. 1135 Market it. Tel. Jeiwl* 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL 1 ay 20 per cent more for furniture thaa
dealers or will sell i on commission. L. H.
BURD, auc, 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2338.
CAIX. on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st.. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phon* Red 4462.
_r UK. n 11 u j_E FOB SALE.
BARGAIN — Furniture . 3-room flat; gas range;
no dealers. 31 Ringold st., bet. 8th and 9th.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc 782 Mission: tel. Bush 813
4-ROOiI apartment, newly furnished; modern;
. central; aprmt. 720. . The Iroquols, 524 Ellis.
PARLOR pieces of furniture' for sale. 1010
Golden Gate ave. ' .
HgT-^WAgTED— PEMAIiE.
2~~COOKS/ small boarding-houses. .... .$25- $30
2 cooks, 1 little washing .$30
Housework, 3 family, San Mateo $30
Second girl, Ross Valley. 3 adults $25
Man and wife, small hotel, short dlstance.$65
2 colored girls, housework : J2O
Upstairs girl and nurse ,)20 1
Kitchen helper, small hotel ....'.$2O )
Nurse for orphanage, city $2O 1
Attendant for mental cases, sanitarium. .$25 !
Assistant In 'children's home $15
. Cook on a ranch. Benlcfa.. $25
Cook on ranch near Pctaluma. $30 .
A large number of general housework girls
to call Monday.
, Apply to J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. 334 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT AND OVERALL3
OPERATORS AND A LIMITED NUMBER
TO LEARN. STANDARD FACTORY, COR.
;' GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresstng.
manicuring etc. : trade taught from A to Z
' In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
• three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary St.. room 13. i
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now "for
fall" season: both seasons- tauscht from start I
to finish in one month for $5: positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
- $10 'per" week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors, 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — PACIFIC ' ; College . teaches halrdresslng. '
manicuring, electric message, etc. ; six hours' |
-¦ practice a -day; '* guarantees positions; only 1
.recognized college of Us kind on coast: day ;
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.-
I>ADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at '
home, evenings or spare time, and return, to
,u*;' no mallim? or canvassing; $9 weekly -
earned;- materials free;-' tnclose self-address. '
. . ed envelope for particulars.: GUARANTEE
CO.. No. S 12 Ninth st., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — A few first-class lady solicitors:
must be* of nice' appearance. • well educated .
: and good conversationalists; -$r. per day to *¦
start with, and. liberal, commission allowed.
Address in own handwritlnr. box 479. Call.'
\ B~ :i«P WA_rr__P-— ~~-IAI-G — Contta-ed.
A YOUNG nurse for grown child. $20. "
A Scandinavian cook for small family. <35.
A young woman with city reference* as
cook, $35.
A waitress for a hotel, city. $23.
A restaurant waitress. $6 a week.
A middle-aged woman aa working nouse-
keeper. ?15.
A waitress for a plain hotel In country. $30.
40 housework girls for city and country.
. MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter St.. ne-T
Powell. '
A GIRL or woman for cooking for two In
family: place In Nevada: expenses paid; $25
a month. MISS PLUNKETT-S, 42S Sutter
St., near Powell^ ._
A TOUNG strong woman with experience for
nurse In a hospital. ?25. board and room.
MISS PLUNKETrS. 425 Sutter St.. ¦ near
Powell. -
A GERMAN or 'French nursery governess for
one grown child. $25; references. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A FIRST-CLASS cook for a private family.
$50; references. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter St., near Powell. _____
A LADY'S maid. 530: references and experi-
ence necessary. MISS PLUNKETTS. 435
Sutter St.. near Powell. :
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish
material and pay ?7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 E. Mon-
roe St.. Chicago. t
LADIES having fancy work, embroideries.
• Battenberg drawnwork to sell: also to do or-
der work. Ladles' Exchange. 34 Monroe.
Chicago^ .
LADIES to Introduce our bandy practical bat
fasteners; does away with hatpins; big
profits; 25c for sample and particulars. I_ A.
DIETZ CO.. Walla Walla. Wash.
LADIES — $30 thousand copying letters: no
mailing to friends or furnishing addresses.
Gem Art Co.. Dept. 101. Chicago.
WANTED — Girl for theatrical sketch with
some talent: answer with photo If coaven-
lent. Box 4137. Call office.
WOMAN, accustomed to business, who can
take training "Tor an Important position.
Executive, box 877, Call office.
LADY to travel; references required; salary
$21 per week; expenses advanced. J. S.
. ZIEGLER & CO.. 323 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
4 GIRLS. HOUSEWORK. $25; 2 SALESI-A-
DIES, CALL MONDAY. $40 TO $50. 612-
613 Grant building. . .
WASTED — Girls from good families for wrap-
ptn~ desk and to learn stock keeping. I.
MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis St.
WANTED— Lady manager for lodglng-hou*»
business. Apply Monday, 9 to 12. 1206 Mar-
ket St.. room 5. _____________
WANTED— For small family In Berkeley, neat
eirl for general housework and plain cook-
Ing. Apply to-day. 715 Baker St.. S. F.
A NEAT appearing woman to learn typewrit-
ing and correspondence; must bo graduate
of at least High School. 25 Third at.
WANTED — An experienced hairdresser, mani-
cure and face masseur. Apply superintend-
ent's office, the Emporium.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and housework In
a small family; wages $25. Apply Monday.
1802 McAllister st. .
GIRL for general housework; three la family.
424 Frederick St.. bet. Cole and Shrader.
APPRENTICES and good makers wanted In
millinery store. 692 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Market
street. £1
A GIRL to assist In general housework. Ap-
I>ly at 1810 Sutter st.
TOITNG girl want?d: lUht housework. Call
after 4 p. m.. 1419 Webster st.
WANTED — A washwoman. Apply 1738 Mis-
sion St., city.
OPERATORS, wanted on ladles' underwear.
1157 Folsom st. -.:-
WANTED — Girl for light housework; no wash-
Ing or cooking. 17 Third st.
WOMAN to do man's laundry weekly, call and
deliver same; give terms. Box 4933, Call.
I^ERMAN girl wanted. 1021 Guerrero «t.
! WANTED — A plain sewer. Box 4815. Call
office .
i GIRL wanted in bakery: call Sunday at 1713
Leavenworth st. C. GUNTHER.
WANTED — Elderly lady for light housework.
Apply at. 242 Clementina . st . .
WANTED--Every trained' nurse to try CHIC-
LETS. . '
"WANTED — House girl; salary $12 per month.
Apply C10 Jones »t. " ."
GIRL wanted. 804 Elizabeth st.
WOMAN to do washing: call Monday. MRS.
L. TREAT. 916 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist In general housework, $15;
call Monday morning. %12- O'Farrell st.
GERMAN* girl for housework. SIS Steiaer st.
GIRL" wanted for general housework. Box
4976. Call.
GIRL wanted. . 240 Thirteenth ave. Call Sun-
day morning.
A LADY to do plain sewing at 534 Jessie
street,
GIRL at silk factory. 31 Jessie street..
WANTED — Girls to work on paper boxes and
bags. S2O Market st.
A YOUNG sirl to learn corsetmaklng. Apply
Patent Corset. 1565 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work; call Monday. 594 Grove st., city.
G3RL. 14-15, to help; two In family. OH
Steiner st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 656 Mis-
sion St.. third floor. .-,-,., .',\ ,
OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 658 Mission
st.. third floor.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted for restaur-
ant. Box 843. Call office.
A STRONG, neat woman for laundry work.
Inquire at 511 Waller st.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman to do gen-
eral housework. Apply 119 Tenth st.
GIRL wanted. Inquire 3932 Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class • finisher on pants;
steady work. 104 Keamy st., top floor.
WANTED — A trcod girl for general ' house-
work. 227^4 Oak st.
YOUNG woman for housework and to tend to
Invalid. 712 Sixth st., Oakland.
ERIGHT girl for cashier; must have refer-
ences. Apply box 459, Call office.
APPRENTICE girl wanted on pants; pay
while learning. 623 Montgomery, room 33.
YOUNG lady wanted to take care of a sick
lady and do housework. 1702% Leavenworth.
WANTED— Lady partner for Portland c*«Ua-
nlal. Call at 20 % Seventh »_
BAG operators wanted. Ill Clay st,
LADIES earn $20 per ICO writing short !et-
tera; stamped envelope for particulars. Ideal
Mfg. Co.. Cassopolls. Mich.
WANTED-A German lady worklnc house-
keeper; small family: her own bo«- a good
home- NW. comer Fifth and Townsend
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N woon *
CO. Apply 49 Geary st. WD *
A $- 5 m Voi8 0 Sutte 3 r tel , n t l f »"* work.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework
and go errands. Apply 234 Pott s^rm T 10
HEI.P WA-rrXl) — MAT,-;.
THE ROMATN-SHIRK " ' :
REGISTER RENTING AND ADV CO
812-613 GRANT BLDQ.; PHONE SOUTH 104.
Two clothing salesmen. A-No. 1. $100- _n-
tO ~ d ? t *,£J m9 furnlsnln * men : waiter,. £l
want good waiters, $30; watchmaker A vl
1. steady. $100; good errand *SS%4 A
week; extra painters, union men. unloVpay
A 7r H 9 T F--V GAZETTE.. 26 Montgomery-, r 1"
-Cook. $.5: .second cook. *oO; dishwasher $23
same country hotel; cooks, man and wife'
country hotel. $70: port er. %1O; ? ££.*7hlr
$_5: office open Sunday, 0 toll. - - a jer -
A 7: H ? TEI ' oazet TE. 28 Montgomery, r 12.
Cook, second and dishwasher. $150- cooks
washer n r5 Wlf "' $7 ° ; cleaner « Pot-
ANDRE" 3. office, SIT Stockton st -
Experienced man to. make fancy and plain
Ice creams: rood washer; French - pattluier-
first-class waiter^ kitchen hand: porter din-'
ing-room: porter who can do plain laundrv
work, country hotil, etc.
AT 'Cat Emp. Agency. 14 Third St., tel Bush
4C5— Teamster, city. $2 50 day; we shl» to
Nevada to-day (Sunday>. P to
CUTTER wanted; one with experience and of
good appearance: none but flrst-clasa men
- need apply. S. N. WOOD Jb QO...T40 Market.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NO VHJMBHU 13, 1U04.
51
T2T~T WAJTT'TCP—MAXB — Conllangg.. !
Mi iti.AV a. KKAuy. «Ui4-<!:;<: Clay «i. •
O>:KICK!OPE?C*i
lu-JiAV Si:XDAY . S to 12 i
A Mi ItlsAV ft .U:AliY. CU-iKvl CUy tt.
l-.:.iw Main .-.N4H.
!y-r-r::r- Kniiioymrnt end Labor Airrr.t?. '
n ¦¦ t|«v!i the iVernmn. French. Italian. '
s.-n;.,;;t:.iviur Orr«k. SjicnlFh, Slavonian and ;
'. -U'livh i • : l i-k;.. .-
;•-: IVe to* tTXM V\> Htx* to
<«...««• M»n Work. ln':-fea?e <W,000. !
i*Ai£i'i:.\'Ji;i:s.
CARPENTERS.
|«t ¦f>t!>rrtrr>-. !».«««. merit, long jul». faje
>'l Mi; f:: r<t. *. U. utp.
Ir.qi'li-o bIkmu it.
- •"•rt/i nlor. mine co.. north >-«i0 and found.
J t^noh ...-¦•«. country. }p)b.
OOLU AX'U SILVER.
M hir.o miTicis. north. M houin. $9i».
tarpi-titci. tuinr. ra ca;- «nd found.
!<? ci^il mnei-s. Kirppon.
MlSCKLLAXnOCS.
diair.cr. houric work. S.T 5lt day.
««ni)j cookj ttcur i-ix.y. *4<» and foucd.
::d c.*:\i. city liutH, »3."» and f^unij.
tiacnr srsster ani harnefcs cleaner.
Mi!l::i8r., furniture iactor«-, city.
Partner and wife, fare si Ui, S40 and fd. |
'ChtLJt, country Bbc9k * .
— — : ¦
BooklrFep«T. Fterunsrejiher. ranch farmer. ]
t-an Luis. »::5 ta *4O end found.
Butcher, country fhop, on and found.
!!• r. city factory, $4 week.
CooltE. v.aiteru and illsbwafhers, farmhands, :
Ijlo«mei». milkrr^, chcrcmen and chorebo^. :
jiorttrs. bell r.tul elevator boys.
MURRAY & READY. 034 -CS« Claj- et.
1^ ?pix-ial8. :
TR.\CK FOREMAN.
Track foreman for new K. It., gf>od Job. ?4 i
day: camp bcFx. gra-1lnK outflt. Nevada, I
set- boss here. •'JT> «nd found.
RANCH FOREMAN.
Working fojeman. ranch, south, $35 to S40 I
and found. \
Foreman carpenter. country-
Concrete foreman, north.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA. STATE NEVADA, i
»1 FEE. SHIP TO-DAY. $1 FEE. J
' »tj ttamtrters. 2 and 4 horses, t75.
SPECIAL.
NEW WORK.
15 teameter» for new work in center of min-
ing district. !?(V\ fare *1 00; ship to-night.
10 lalKjrers, same Job, $1*0.
MURRAY & READY. C34-G30 Clay st.
CATTLE BUYER.
ExperUnc-ed cattle buyer for a large rneat-
' packing corporation; must have references;
$in» iinc! found.
MURRAY & READY. 684-638 Clay «t.
A^ CLERK FOR OFFICE~WORK.
Younff man.
MURRAY 4 READY, <S34-636 Clay «t.
MANAGER WANTED
Every section to appoint agents for new scien-
tific tr*me replacing forbidden elot machines
in public places; evades law everytrttere :
played with nickels; finish beautiful, like cash
register; rented or said on easy payment*;
tarajiie pent on thirty davs' free trial; propo- ;
sltlon »i!l please you tf wt rtill have open- .
lr.g in ycu r section. INDEPENDENT CASH !
REGISTER CO.. Department 34. Chicago. I1L
WANTED — For secret service work, young
men eewif calling, store*, railroad, farms I
and tn«rhanlc«: must |riv« first-clars reier- |
cnceF; we pay S3 to $0 day for service*: |
want representative* every town and coun- j
try V. 3-: no ejepertmee necessary; write j
to-dsy. Drawer It*. Chicayo. 111. ;
ALL Fhcp foremen wanted to increase tlteir \
ealary by acting during spare time as repre- j
f-er.ta.tive for established corporation: large j
• profit*: absolutely no risks: 15 minutes' t
time dally will lanrely Increase your income; J
invt-fttlsate this. Call Sunday. 10 to S, 008 |
Call builfiln£ : ,
WANTED— 10 men each State to travel, tack !
s'jrti!". distribute narr.pies and rirculars of our
K*x*i»: relery $T5 per mo.; $3 per day ex-
[X-nm. KUHLMAN CO.. dept. C-10. Atlas
block, Chlcmo. :
STOCXQ men e\-Fr>-wh*re copy letters, home
€venlnfr5; f?9 .".'• week; s»nd addressed en- ;
vclopt- for particulars. Manager D«pt. S 12,
beat 1411, Philadelphia. Pa. .
OAUPENTEHS and rarrinet makers to study '
«";ft*il nr.rt ornam-ntal drawing. BIGGS- '
THANTI. Institute. J ft. and Fnrty-*eventh \
«\(., Mor.day. Friday cvenln?s. •
WAXTED — Mori to prepare for railway mall
ari.i custom -house positions. Apply for free
o«:alofrue. Pacific Correspondence Institute, ¦
Orant blfiff.. l<«/5 Market st.
WANTED — Shoe ealesman for country store, \
t'.Z; sx\so a first-class clothing ealesman. $20 >
wMi: »** kKiss in cltj-. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. CIS Sacramento St. j
BOY wanted to assist en ranch in exchange
fcr good home. C4'J3 Telegraph ave.. Oak- .
land. ' |
WANTED — Active and intelligent boy of ;
ab-rjt TO fcr office work; answer In own |
handwriting. Box 421. Call offioe.
WAXTED — Evt-rywhere. hustlers to tack signs, !
'iistribute circulars. sar.ij.-U*. etc: no cut. ;
sooti p?y. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
~.v ANTED — Boy to work in beer bottling i
works. Call Monday ' morning Fredericks- !
burg Bottling Co., 1510 Ellis «t.
ilKN — The barber trade taught free; wage* j
after ?5r*t week; new method. HAIGHT'S,
till Commercial st. !
J..VKT — STEADY rr.an for partner in a No. 1 '
bu«!n»*5; large profits; easy to learn. In- i
\e*Ugate at 2S3 Fourth St., barber shep. |
WANTED— Office boy. Room 104, Wells- i
Fargo butldias;. j
W ANTED — Erperieneed grocery clerk at 13C1 i
Kearny tt.
"ANTED— Orders for burnt work. Box 4123, !
CaJl office,. i
CIRCULARS and Fair.ple distributors; nocanv.; i
good pay. Co-operative Adv. Co., N. Y. ]
PMALL boy. 112 Third et. I
t'EE S»lro Vucosavlnwiph fnr your holiday j
wines and liquors. 1<RM> Polk rt.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1237 Sterner «t.
A REPORTER for weekly paper. Box 4189.
Call office.
WANTED— A man ?» plow. Box 4075. OsJL
BUEHELMAN wanted. 123 Mason «t-
AGENTS — CocnmiBslon: bn»»*d on new idea;
$10 per day; no fake. 409 Grant building.
~ 7 |
WAITER waated. «14 Sacramento «t.
MAX for porter work.* Addres* box 4909, Call
office.
WlXTEU — Maa to leara a good trade; paid
while learning. Call €18 Merchant st.
v.';:«Ti;i< — Experienced cigar salesman for lo-
cal factor}'. Box 43S. Call office.
WAN'TED— Experienced butcher. PATTER-
fSOar. 1U1 WfiUcr et.
MANAGER wanted for established office; la-
c^m-e fl2fiO per year; mast Invest S&OO In '
•lock of company. Box 477, Call offloe. :
WANTTED— A cash l^y. Apply STRAUBS t
107-103 l'oat uU
BOLICITOIU5 for merchant tailor. 11*13 Mar- !
k*t ct.. bet. 8eA-«-nth and Eighth. - ¦. ¦
SOLICITOUS wanted for new rystem; good
; «y to tr.en of ability. Box 476, Call office. ,
BOY wented la pIumTolng rhop. Thirtieth st.
end £s.n Joxe av*.
ROY fm Ilcht offlce work. Address box 45>08. j
Call effioc.
WANTED — Flrwt-elcsK. snber. middle-aged '
baker; mast have references. Box 4681. Call, j
WAXTHt — *5**tt young man to learn how I
good CHICLETS are on the tennis court. |
lj*-t<:.-livus; ctoady ¦work guar. ; good salary.
American Detective Agency. Milwaukee. Wis.
APPRENTICE over IS rn clvt" engineering; j
no ru\»ry first year. Box DM, Cell office.
WAN'TKIJ — Tcung man for cigar stand; call
Mcnlav. 1O1 Stockton st.
BOY to learn photo business. Apply Sunday.
11S3 Market rt.
WANTED— Bartender. 14 Third st.
TWO young men: barber trade taught free;
•*"»E*-* after first week. 7f>l Slistisn rt.
WANTED— Bushelman. 300 Kearny st.
GERMAN wahte work in coal yard: ab'e to
drive. 17(3 Waller *t., near Stanyan.
BOT wanted . 340 K«-arny at.
MEN to buy IT. S. Army.and Navy ehoes $1 R5 !
pair. H. KITHLEXKAMP. 223 W Foarth St. !
ERRAND b«y to make Wmrolf u*f rul In irents*
fcmlrtlng «tore. ROGERSON. Kit Valencia.
COOK 'Canted. 5 Brock «t.
WAXTED — To buy barber nhop. 2-3 chairs-
ray earn Tor Fame. Box 616, Call efflce.
TTANTTCn — Oood hotel cock. Corner Twelfth
asd Franklin rt*., Oakland t
AT THK NAT. JmrLQl'KS 1 .RECORD CO.
2 prvMffwlere;. bolirt-d woik. JM' to ?3./<lay..
Tailor skis-man, »12 week and comrmceion.
Icecream maker, t-'2 tveck.
May*, salary t-Jtn *s orexk.
Ijnig oifiik. registered. $70.
- Hour talfsnien, 575 and expenses. J
Wine rulfsir.an, *l<ft to start.
'i Urivi-is. t.ilt diinUf. *15. !
Kr.Rruvtr, Jteuelry company. MOO month. |
Jewoiry Kulrsman. WuptilnKton and Oregon, i
b^inii required; eon earn $»<•<) month. I
1'lncer miner*, Alaska, 1<M> In party, 320 '
day onrncd. . 1
Offlce a*FtKiant. good penman, $12 to start. '
Advil Using aollcitor, fl5u for good man. |
Stenographer. $50. •
4 fi-atc-hmukers, £21 week, j .VS.." ]
Oc^rdkttcttdencc Kchool representatives for Pa- i
citic (Vast, cood salaries. '
Medical dliectcry solicitor, salary and com-
mltelun.
5 paliu. -if. regular wager. I
- Young iiien. eaWnien. $2 day. i
SaUrni-.n. gilt e<l«e mining stock; men of:
ability «-ara S.-|«> week. >
Office ojien Sunday till 3 p. m. i
5! Third Et. Rooms 0, 10. !
PEHKY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
¦ • SCO Mr.rket st.. room K&, Oth floor. j
Office i-l«j.-«i"tl on Hjiulay. '
Bookkeeper'* utsituiu .... (15 to $25 wesk i
£t-:nogiaphc-r Jf 15 week '
Manager d<:iartmenl store i^3 week;
Bill and enuy dark $15 week i
Urus clerk 1 12 week i
Chei'k»-r $1."> week !
Tlmtkef p«rs f 15 week !
Accountant $15 to $23 week i
Coll-ctor ....Jl5week;
Floor m«nii2<?r $1S week i
Tt/o »h:p]'!t!s clerks J15 week \
General oitle* * ork $15 week '.
Hank clerk (.bond required) $25 week
Young man. learn dentistry $10 w;ek ;
MM Market lit., ruom 325 firth floor. :
———_—__ — — ___^^____^^______ i
lOven Sunday Hi to 12 o'clock.) • !
AT HOBD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents' : 1)5 Third st. |
Tecmster*. f2 25, new work, n»ar city, long ':
Teamsters Fere 10c. Teamsters f 2 25 t
Teamster*, bay shore, (7.
UarU-nder, German. VHt» and found.
Carpenter, city, contract.
Young man for flower 'store, ?12 to $15.
Solicitor for tea and coffee, btit Inducements. :
Man for dye lirms». $15 tn ?'_•;> week. !
Amador Co.. teamsters. $2.
Nevada, teamstere, ?2 £0; fare $10 90. j
ACTIVE eollcttor to place on the easy pay- J
ment plan; popular; well advertised; stock ;
in great demand; our acents earning now
?5O to »1©O week. Call 412 Croesley bldg.
WASTED — Experienced man. well versed In
•ml. loan affairs; • r?f. required^ liberal sal. •
and com. to right party. Box 851. Call. ;
BY large Importing house, bright boy for
cample room; «tate reference*, age. In own i
handwriting. Box S35, Call. » •
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
far agents; steady i>osltlons. 247 Fifth st. i
JANITOR wanted. Apply PATRICK KELLY. '.
W23 Mission St.. chief janitor. ;
STRONG errand i>oy. about 15 years old. for
Tvhokrali' house; references. Box 831, Call, i
THREE bartenders wanted at 131 Third st. !
Apply at 0 p. m. j
A NEAT, experienced bedmaker to sweep and •
rent rooms. Call after 9, 25 Third st. :
OYSTER, cook; steady job. 2*5 O'Farrell st. j
A FIRST-CLASS tailor; all arcund tailor as a I
partner. 085 Bush »t. •
BOY wanted. HALL'S. 10 Kearny st.
PRESSERS on pant» wanted; good pay; steady ;
work. Apply 1142 Howard st.
BOY wsnted. Apply CHAS. LYONS, London '
Tallof, 721 Market St., Stevenson-st. en- ;
trance. J
YOUNO man on first-class custom coats. Ap- j
ply 514 Turk r»t., Sunday and Monday, |
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 15,000 j
appointments tart year; chances better than !
ever: thcusands we have prepared have been I
appointed. Write for circular J-l. giving list i
of i>!-Fition«. salaries, examinations, eample
fueations. «tc, to National Correspondence |
pstltute, •Vaclflc Coast Offlce, 027 Market
*t.. San Francisco. Cal.
TT ANTED— Boys from 13 to 15 years of age j
for cash boys. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' I
SALESMAN Immediately to work city trade; ;
' references required; state *alary expected; i
aa a whole or side line. Box 4H49. Call. j
WANTED — A young German bartender. 2184 .
Folsom st. . j
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
ioeky one. 741 Howard st. . . ¦ i
BARBERS, attention— Monday, November 14. ;
J. B. I. U. of A.. Local No. 148, will give a
reception and smoker to the general prem- ;
dent end delegates of the American Federa- j
tlan of Labor. A full attendance is hereby ';
required. Refreshments for all.
J. R. BLEILY. Secretary.
BARBERS, ATTENTION! j
Wimted— First-cla*8 barber-shop doing good ,
business: 2 to 8 chairs; will pay cash for the
batne Addrrta, with full Dartlcuiara, box '
47?lg. Call office. j
3-CHAIH, 10c barber shop for x sale; rent
112 60; price Is flOl': rhop taking In from ¦
$45 to $55 week; 2 chairs steady. Address
227 J etwt. Sacramento, Cal. « :
WANTED — Oorr.retcnt and industrious young j
man. not under 23, experienced in poultry i
work: good place; wages $30. Address, with ;
. full particulars, E. VAN EVERY. Edenvale. j
WANTED — One or two men to learn a good j
trade; steady work; paid while learning; :
must have $23 security. Call at CIS Mer- ;
chant. St.. bet. Kearny and Montgomery. .
WANTED— A younr man to drive grocery I
wagon aiid assist In store: references re-
¦ qulrod. Addrees box 4935. Call offlce.
BARBER wanted at Valvo barber-shop, 628 ,
Broadway; steady.
WANTED — Bright errand boy; steady po«l- i
- tlon. M. FRIEDMAN &. CO.. 233 Post st.
MEjj — The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learnlnc.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, (MO Sacramento st.
Irately moved from Clay rt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
afldr.d 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third ft.; 250 rocms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Boys. 17 and 18 years old. for i
wrappers. Apply superintendent's offlce. The
Emporium. ' ' *
WANTED — Educated gentleman competent for
¦ encyclopedia work; . salary $1000; references
required. 47, Academy of Sciences. .--..••.
WANTED — Flret-class barber, one who speaks
Polish language, for country; wages $20 per
week. Box 4537, Call offlce.
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rocms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattress; electric
' light In every room. 681 Howard st.
GET your »hces half-soled while waiting; 25c
* to 00c 563 Mission et.. bet. let and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St., Examiner building.
TRY our men's shoes, unir.n made; $1 and $1 60
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. E3cam.bld:;open till 0 p.m.
WANTED— Ynvnz man with $100 for good-
peylng legitimate bustaegg. Box 40CS. Call.
WANTED — Young man atenographer; »tate
age and ex&erlnnce if any. Box 4144, Call.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
• st., 3d floori room 4. ¦
FOR safe— Well- located barber shop; good
transient trad*. Box 48S1, Call. ¦ .-.:¦
MEN to learn the detective profession. S97
Market «v. room 104.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
tUe world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart et. - \
MEN wanted at 137 3d rt., where shoes are re-
paired by machirery; sewed soles 10 mln.. 75c
SAILORS mni young mem (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson St.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION atty.. E.A.Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H.Thomas Pott. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 room?; 35c -night; reading rooms;
lree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlco of Tbe Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and nubscrlptlons has
Tore*; opened at 1008 Market et.. cpposlt*
Fifth. Open -until. 11 p. m. . ..
A O\XR7fiinMENTs7TuD jcriptlons received at
Call brencn offlce. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's phoes, ullghUy damaged, half
PHf>. tKB'Mlmlnn Vt.. r>«t.' 1ft »nd 2d »U.
mutes act rxzKJxa. .;.;._•
TONOPAH'and Goldflelds stocks (unlisted). I
have on hand or can secure any , of .these
stocks at. a saving. ti. buyers on : regular.
- prices. Wr)te or wjre,your wants. Get my,
nolnter* on the best . money- makrrs.- Have
.been on the ground and know the properties.
. E. CQWPER-THWAITE. Stockton. Cal.. :
FC'R i>s1?— American oil stock; Contra Corta
County.. For particulars add, box 432, Call.
COT'PER mine for gala In Trinity County. Box
4907. Call offlne. ffiSSiL
saziEsssx::* wantsd.
SALESMAN for coast territory with estab-
lished trad? among notion buyer? and drug-
gists .lo sell VCleahfasrt" Hygienic Comb and
Cleaner combined; Ji^t beinii liitiotiuctMi anil
stlllji* rapidly; to high-class man who can
qualify, exclusive sale will be given; men-
tion refs.. territory, lines carried and full
particulars or no attention given. ' Harlee
Distributing Co., 1UU S. Clark St.. Chioago.
WANTED — Cigar rnlczmen in every ,locality;
txperiunce unnecessary; pood salary and ex-
ptnses ]..-.id. EMANUEL CO., Station J.
New Ycik City. .
WOULD you. with pocket sample only, tike to
make $200 to $400 commission weekly? If so,
write lv L. BROWN, 512 Roe bldg.. St.
Louis. Mo.
Tl.'AVKLING salesman for California by large
wholesale house; good pay; permanent to
rlRht man: ref. required. Drawer S, Chicago.
EXPERIENCED salesman to ,'eell established
line to retail trade: liberal pay and ex-
penses. E. M. ARTHUR CO., Detroit, Mich.
STATE and city salesmen. $.0 50 a day if you
tan do the business. Call or address C. H.
GUNN. 2731 l Ml33ion st.
SOI.ICTTORS.
SOLICITORS to sell horn* builders' contracts;
licit |l a week proposition on the market;
best tontlna opportunity ever offered; to-
morrow; investigate. Gold Bond Mercantile
Co.. 41KJ Crofsley building.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
BAY gelding. 4 years old, sire Boodle. 2:121,4.
dam Wild Be*. 2:2J>4; weight 1150; gtntle;
lady can drive; t-tyli.-h; can be seen from I)
to. 3 stock yards. 12th and Harrison sts.
Inquire Mil. SAMUEL.
FOR sale— Light spring Studebaker t'P delivery
wagon, new; suitable for florist, delicatessen
or dairy produce. 223 Sutter, Mercantile Lib.
HORSE, about S years old, weight from 120O
to 1100 pounds; state price. Box 15C5, Call
offlp. Oakland.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Conta
County. Nucleus Stables. J00 Stevenson. S. F.
FOR Bale, cheap, iron gray horse; weight 1250
pounds: work* single or double. Inquire at
113 Welsh st.. near Fourth, R. F. J.
ADlJEFLKY'S stable sheepswool sponges: $2.
$2 75 $3 50- chamois and dusters. 307 Mar-
ket «i.. S. F.
HOUSE and buggy. $25; cheap wagon and
Kami double harness. 2728 Bryant.
$25 HARNESS $17 50 this week. San Fran-
cisco Saddlery Co.. 517 Market st.
Fi.'ARLESS, sound. bay pacer, 1150 lbs; will
take horse In trade. 1656 Mission st.
WANTED— A cheap, light 1-horse wagon. Call
. or diMr-si N. DECKKK.. 5(il Howuril st.
TWO fine pandle top wagons for sale cheap.
130G Fclscm ft.
FOR sale cheap, all kinds of buslnees wagons;
new and second hand. 1503 Folsom vt.
FOR sa> — Pair of large draught horses. Ad-
dresb box 4501, Call office.
HORSE for sale. 705 Pctt st. . "
WANTED— To buy a stylish horse: also buggy
and harness. Box 4007. Call offlce.
WILL buy children'* pony, cart and harness.
Box 830, Call.
FOR sale — Gray horse; weight, 1080; age, 7
years; fine for surrey. S905 Sacramento st.
FOR Sale— Second-hand laundry wagons at
ROBERTS'. 1615 Market at.
FOR sale — 5 second-hand express . wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st.
GOING out of business; new and second-band
wagons sold cheap. 16S0 Mission. st.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons an<f harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work A driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOtTSES TO f;gT.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
STEINEB. 2rt2, bet. California and Sacra-
mento — 9 rooms, attic, basement, with
heater, etc.; modern and unexcelled for sun.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
GUERRERO. U1&— House of 7 rooms; bath;
' new plumbing; good basement; rent reas.
HOUSE, 1513 Jack;on st., -near Polk; 7 room*
and bath; rent (32 50.
KCTJSr.3 TO T.T.T — FPBBISHED.
PACIFIC ave., 1&05 — Handaomelji furnished
houne of S rooms, piano, furnace, everything
i-omplete; marine view; neighborhood unsur-
passed; rent reasonable for 4 qr 6 months.
NEWLY renovated; completely furnished house,
12 rooms; furnished or unfurnished; v 2400
Jackson st. LANDIIT C. BABIN CO., 413
Kearny 6t.
A GREAT bargain; downtown 14-room house,
nicely furnished; best location In the city;
long Jease. 212 Post st.
OAK, 419 — Completely furnished modern house,
10 rooms, 2 baths, garden and yard.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny furnished house; 7
rooms, bath; warm belt; reasonable; 1-5 p.m.
HOUSES rUBETISHED — TOB SAI.E.
RENT $1S: mod-srn flat of 5 rooms; bath; large
conservatory; nicely furnished; $285; worth
double; Mission warm belt: call 10 to 5 Sun-
day, or evenlngB after 7. .Flat B, 1322
Valencia st.; n6 dealers.
A HOUSE of 8 rooms, neatly'furnlshed; all
rented: no reasonable offer refused. Call 10
to 2. 902 McAllister st.
NICE furniture 7-room house; price $550. 9i3
McAllister at.
HOUSE-CIiEAKINO OrPXCSS.
JAPANESE housecleanlng company and shoe-
maker. CIS Pouch st. ; phone Howard 3583.
COTTAGES TO LET. ,
SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms, large yard: warm
belt. Apply on premises. 2319 Mission st.
HOMES POK CBCELDBEW.
GOOD home for small children. 2028 Buena
Vista ave.. A lambda.
HOTELS. '
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Ness ave.—
This first-class hotel is now being conducted
on the American plan especially for families
for the ceason or year. The location Is un-
surpassed. Tha equipments are all modern,
•with.', every convenience. The rooms are
large, sunny and comfortable, with superb
view, and the furnishings are all elegant.
Cuisine of highest order. H. C. SHANNON,
Manager, formerly of Hotel Langham, N. Y.,
and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
}± IiAUKCHES FOB HXBI8.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
lost aitp romrp.
LOST— Satchel from hotel bus. marked "Miss
Bell," coming from ferry to 1'alacu Hotel
about 11:30 p.'m., Nov. 11, 1004; sMitablo
reward; Palace Hotel.
LOST — On Sacramento st., bet. Pierce and
Fillrr.orc, small round gold buckle on ribbon
belt; literal reward": if returned to MRS.
JOHN 1JODDA. 261« Sacramento st.
STRAYED— White fox terrier, female, yellow
*ars, short tall, name "Lady"; $10 reward;
111, Guerrero, st. .
LOST— lady's gold watch, bet. Grand Hotel
and ferry; liberal reward If returned to
Grand Hotel. San Francisco.
LOST — Pair of . fieldglasses on Berkeley boat
, or train. Return to St. Nicholas Hotel offlce;
reward.
LOST— Large liver and white pointer dog; re-
turn' to 30 Liberty st.; liberal' reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbemla' Savings
and Loan 'Society of San Francisco In 'the
name of WILLIAM B. CARTER, No. 198-
412.' The finder will please return to. bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla ' Bav-
Ings and ¦ Loan Society of San Francisco . In
the name of MARTIN CLANCY, No. 252-
252; the finder will please return to, bank.
LOST — Eyeglasses in case, going from Hales'
to Cal. Optical Co. Return to 205 Fourth st. ;
reward. .^^SHIX^OKBftKISS
LOST — A black cocker spaniel dog. Return to
. 1501 Market st. ; reward.
LOST— Buggy robe on Nineteenth ave.,' Sunset.'
Please return 1850 10th ave.; reward.
LOST— Pass book Noi N. 17, CIS. Please return
. to MUTUAL SAVING8 BANK. • - . ; ;
LOST— A large pointer dog, white with liver
rc>ots. 34 Hill st.; ; reward. ,. ,
FOUND— A really delightful conf ectlcn which
., V.i~ ?».. .tnm.nh . rl«ht— CHICLWTH.
KATETMOBriAl. |
WIDOWER, 50 years old. with ,2 children, haa
a good homo and other property bssldes, I
would like to correspond with a lady, niiddle-
aged, who would be a good mctht-r to his chil- \
drtn; object matrimony. Box 4C01; Call. .
YOUNG lady, 22 years old,, dark brown hair,
blue eyes, of a kind and -loving- disposition,
would like to correspond with young man;
must be gobcr and industrious; object matrl.
mony; no triflers. . Box -1710, Call office.
A YOUNG man, 24. carpenter by trade, would !
like' to correspond with a young lady who j
1 would make a good wife and be willing, to
i live in the country; object matrimony; no
' agents. Box 41 04. Call offlce. . j
i YOUNG man, ace 24, wishes to meet a con- I
1 genial young lady under 24; send photo If,
I possible; strictly confidential; object matrl- i
| mony. Box 4940, Call offlce. j
GENTLEMAN of meana would like to mtef !
lady with some means; object matrimony; no j
; triflers or agents. Box 4407 ; Call office. |
LADY. 31 years old, good appearance and some
means, wishes to meet a gentleman; . object
matrimony. Box 4702. Call office.
j ~~~""~ BlgPIOAIu
LADIES who arc Isuffering'from any ailment I
peculiar to their »ex should consult me. Im- I
mediate relief is promised. You will find my |
name as a registered physician. Is there j
1 ' another who can state this? Not one. My;
I methods are the. result of years of patient
i study. They secure results always. You can !
! pay irie when satisfied that you ars In a nor- j
| mal condition. DR. WHITE, 702 Market st.,
• rooms 7 and S.
' LADIES— If you are In trouble, confide in me. j
! Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un- |
i fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only ORADUATE i
i physician here who cj»n »ay this. - Call or I
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office. 305 KEARNY. ST.
I MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male roubles and irregularities; instant re-
i lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St., cpp. 5th. j
i MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female '
complaints and irregularities; instant relief j
: -- guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 044 Post st.
' MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladles' spe-
- cia'ipt. has returned from Europe; 25 years'
' experience in female . complaints • without a
failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fall see the doctor and be content. Materni-
ty Home, 412 Taylor St., near Geary.
I VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating plIU |
j sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr- !
Inge and tablets; price $5. By express only !
| on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS, I
wholesale druggists. Seventh and, Broadway, i
i Oakland. ¦ |
! DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or j
! I in trouble consult this specialist on female
i complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu- |
I nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
j advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
j LADIES suffering fcom Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 210 Kearny
Bt. ;rellef guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
A word to th9 wise Is sufficient.
DR. «nd MRS. PAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
1 original method of treatment, 1120 Market.
LADIES— Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
j $2. Oleason-KugKlea Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2905 Foluom St., corner
:28th: ladies, relief or no fee: 810.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB BAX.B.
5-STAMP mill (400 lbs.) complete with. 6 hp. j
Schilling's gasoline engine, belt, etc., ore bin, ;
concentrator, ready to do business, located 1
in El Dorado, Cal $6do j
j 2C0 hp. Greene-Corllsa engine, compound, com- '
plete, with all necessary fittings $1000 !
This engine Is located in Stockton, Cal. i
40 hp. firebox boiler (locomotive type) with 25 i
hp. engine, all complete $3mj j
8x12 rock crusher, "Dodge" brand, new, made ;
in sections to enable transportation on pack
saddle ..»;;./;,. S2ot> j
Laundry in flrst-clasa working order, Al ma- !
chlnery, located In Sacramento, Cal $l-'uo ,
4 hp. gasoline engine, h — 11 to start, but all j
right when running, with saw table, etc, <
in our back yard $100 I.
"Northern" gasoline runabout In perfect ' or-
i der reason for selling, "swelled head";
• want a larger one $300
I 2 No. 10 Iron 85,000 gal. each tanks; price j
l'/bc per lb. ; reason for selling, fun of doing j
business. . j
12x18x10x12 Worthington compound pumps, Al
shape, each i $£50
A flrst-claes air pump, belt driven, perfect or-
- der,- made by Lafee.... ................. .$30
P!i>e lines looated all over the State we do
not own, but we have a lot of pipe Just
the eame;;good pipe. too. ' . .
WelEbaum hot air engines, any old price, too
old and numerous to mention.
A lot of radiators and colls cheap. .
35 oil tanks, all sizes and shapes, from 100
cals to 85,000.
No goods on consignment; spot cash or rust;
buy or sell: put in or take out.
We know TTothlng but machinery, second-hand-
ed machinery, tt you please.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
. . "A legitimate concern."
Office 13rt Beale st.
Goods everywhere, S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite. In rolls easy to lay;
..needs no painting or coating; good over old
. Iron, tin or shingles; best . for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR »ale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKB-
COLLENDER, 052 Mission it
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
..and sealskins for «ale on small weakly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing: special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. V22 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers. . water pipe. Ehafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 26 Stockton st.
A STEREOPTICON; CO fine views; 12xl2-foct
screen; a bargain. Can be seen or address
36 Geary St., room 1.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our. men's shoes at SI and $1 60 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. -11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly er
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery MX., room 12. upstairs. . .
A COMBINATION dining-room, billiard and
pool table complete; sacrifice price. Box 473,
Call offlce. y. ;>V
FOR } sale — Very rich partly developed nuartz
mine gn mother .lode; cosy terms; will take
some stock. Address box 4947, Call office.
WE want old Jewelry In exchange for new;
don't. forget. - MILTON JEWELRY CO., 257
Sixth st. f
I LEAKY roof? No. If painted with BURNETT
Paint Co.'s paint. A word to the wire is
sufficient. 300 Parrott building.
ELASTIC 'stockings, $2; factory 107 O'Farrell
St.; removed from 40 Ellis. J. W. HOPE-
WELL.
HIGH-CLASS runts, hen pigeons, Polish lynx.
Glenmore Pigeon Lofts, Fourth and Jones,
Elmhvrst; • ' ;-r>»jT— ,-.- -
$25— THOROUGHBRED Jersey heifer, regls-
tered. 3 . months i old, weaned. . 1180 Sixty-
seventh st., Oakland.
GAS engines.. 6 h. p.; a snap. , Bay City Iron
• Works, , Oakland. • "- * ¦
FINE young hen pigeons: old enough to breed.
• E. ROHDE, 474 Edwards St., » Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL male St. Bernard dog, 2^ years
i old; - full , pedigree: registered. 525 .Harrison.
OLIVER typewriter for sale; $30. 1228 Mar-
kpt'et.; room 12. . . /. ,. ... ¦
PEDIGREED collie pups: sell or trade; what
• have you?, 4244T Nineteenth St.; Castro cars.
INVALID chttlrj very reasonable. Call at 1134
-Howard^ st.,- ¦¦ : — " .. ' *
WANTED-^Buyer »for- second-hand furniture,"
..books and clothing. : 105 Fifth nt.. room 10.
FOR sile — St. Bernard Ace; first prize winner.
- «40;Minna st. < . v j,
{ TOWEY'S furniture polish removes epots and
:" stain*:; free 1 delivery.-'. 370-Fell st.
BABY ; ; bugey ¦¦ for sale.-- •- 033 Ftoljiom \ st.
SELLING our roller-canaries and : others at
I r»i!imftd nrfcra. - 3168 Klvtaenth »t.
JKISCEIJuAWEO ITS— rOK SAng— Cob..
NEW Kasollne and' steam ' enpints for. autos
& launches; Vi cost.2120 Eagle ave.,Alameda.
FOR sale— 16-gauge shotgun. $10. 1011 Ala-
bama st.
HARNESS bargains. 317 Market st.
FOR sale^ — One C-lnch sticker in good order.
Golden Gate Mattress Co.. 722 Utah st.
INVALIDS' reclining rolling chair. $10. 176
CoUinBWOod st.. near Eighteenth and Castro.
STANDARD power sewing machine almost
given away at 1157 Foluom st. ¦ H. KLAS.
WANTED — A man to buy Falcon bicycle. 39
Jessie st.
ELEGANT walnut bank counter and grill;
bargain. MEEK, OtfJ Mission st.
LARGE runts, homers, hen pigeons; mated
palr»; cheap at WILSON'S. 220 Stevenson «t.
G2-FOOT yacht: must be sold; cheap. -Box
4455. Call offlce.
FOR sale — One Empire diamond contract.
Box 4850. Call office.
$4 — SINGER sewing machine for sale; In good
order. tiCS Klilg nt.
FOR sain— Snell bicycle; reasonable. Box
4D3S. Cell. '
FOR sale — Fresh family cow; gentle. 3015
Folsom st., near Cortland ave.
FOR sale — Fine English setter pups. \ 053 Post
' .St., bet. Hyde and Larkln sts.
FOR sale — French toy poodle and Yorkshire
terrier pup*: . 1810% Post st. .
WILLOW ave., 8. off Larkln. near Eddy—
Office desk, roller top, $15; new.
DEEP-WELL drilling outfit; steam power.
William Edward & Co.. Ill Fremont st.
STOVES disconnected and connected: $2 50;
plumbing, gasfitng.409 McAllister; tel.. Mint 3056
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 62.J Market st.
Wallpaper. .'iVic; paint, $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merlgan,1302 Webster itel.Stelner 3671.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegani sealskin for eale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50: terras $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hnrtmann Paint Co., 310 Third :tel.Maln 413.
DFSKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mlfslon st.-. tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all y|7<»f. J. K. DOAK. 4ft Fr«»mont nt.
WAirra.
AAAAA — Hlsliest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.: room 405, Ad-
ams bldg., 20jS Kearny st. ; phone Black 3030.
WANTED — A good male Chesapeake Bay
duck dog. . Box 4132, Call offlce.
WANTED — A good hunting . dog; must be
cheap. Box 40SO. Call offlce.
WANTED — Store In good location for saloon
business. Box S20, Call.
WANTED — 2 upright drug showcases; beveled
glass top. Ditipensary, 305 Kearny st.
WANTED — Horse to drive for its board and
Gtabling. 141 Oakland ave., Oakland.
WANTED — A female King Charles to breed.
Address W. F. G., 233 Turk st.
WANTED — Upright showcase; must be cheap.
Apply 615 I.arkln* st.
WOODEN decoys- wanted; must be cheap.
Box 41CC, Call offlce.
BOOKS and libraries bought; Holmes pays
cash. 1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 3916.
Levy & Rsdler. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoos; tel. Red 1544. GJ5 Washington.
MONEY TO XiOAZT.
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 6V4 AND 0 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Eecond mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
, purchased. "
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-10S Crocker bldg.: phone Main 5924.
A A A— HERMAN MURPHY, '¦ ~*
001-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlement*; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests tn property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY. ¦
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
l»t. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
V~ >~ "_ of property or chattels?
Location, etc. 7 '..
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Mcncy loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott.bld.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 30.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond* , Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
006 Market; tel. Mala 1C44. Branch 10 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chaMs^cteamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities, i Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton St.,
near Market. . ¦¦ .. .
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
PRIVATE— Money Moaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattel*; no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture o'r pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St., rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious atones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry:
cor.fd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., "22 Mkt.
MONEY, chattel*, other propositions. Bannan &
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg: phone Main 3214.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. .420 California st., rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money. on salary until you sea
us, Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
'STAR Loan Co. of- Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bid;.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. . S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos: $13 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. ft Eddy st.
CASH loaned palaried people on notes without
Indnrgyr MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
, MONEY WAKTEP.
WANTED — $2700; first mortgage; country
property: splendid security; 7**4 per cent in-
terest: principals only. Box 873, Call offlce.
LOAN of ?150 at 1 per.' cent, 4 months; no
commission; on chattels. - Box 437; Call.
MATTRESSES AHD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, . disinfected (formaldehyde
. process); excellent carpet cleaning. IIOPKR
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.: phone South 216.
NPB3ES.
SECOND -, ave. : 734.' near ; Fulton — Home and
care for Invalids and for mental and nervous
cases: phone Page £505. . ' •
'• PX7RCKASI2VO AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent ; ' coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln St.. room 49: teL South 319.
' **¦ aMEtrttls' .- , ¦¦¦- '¦ ,i
A FEW BARGAINS IN USED PIANOS. _
1 small upright. In good order -jWJ
1 sronll Llttl* Jivftl. upright.. . v. ... . . . - .$100
2 Symphonys. upright* $150 and $.w
2 Hamilton* .uprights »$150 and *15»>
2 Leisters, upright*.... $2<» and **i°
:j Howards, upiights $230 to $2«»
1 Byron Mauzy, upright, small. »»JW
1 Eohm*r & Co., cabinet grand $;J0O
1 Byron Mausy plpo ergan. new $1500
Piano players of various makes, bargains.. .
BYRON MAUZY. 308 POST ST. .
ARISTOCRAT among pianos— the Gabler;
oldt-st. exclusive, high-class piano in Amer-
ica: over 60.000 *old In the past 60 years.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 .Geary St.. S.
P.; 12o2 Broadway. Oakland: manufacturers
of the Peerl»»s Heine; largest stock and
greatest variety; installments and rents $2
up; prices from $23 to $1CCO,
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:
Mussard.— Small upright, fine order.
Fischer— Fir.e order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany ease, perfect order.
Weber— Mahogany case. 8 pedals, like new.
irom $98 up: easy payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & EON. 18 O'Farreli st.
BEAUTIFUL new -upright pianos for rent., $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. _eCQTTj^URTj\Z i _8tifl^a«sj|t : ___
ELEGANT uprights, new and 2d-hatid, $t5 to
$500. Pierce's l»iano Factory, Market and
" Fourteenth sts. '*
FOR sale — Cheap; talking machine. Victor.
with 75 records. I3C3 8an Bruno ave.
FOR sale— Fine upright piano, bargain. 1010
Golden Gate ave. -r ¦ ' - '
PIANO for sale. 4C5 Shotwell st.
PIANOLA— New pianola left to be sold; $150.
S18 Leavenworth st^
ELEGANT $400 piano for $130; private party.
301 Eddy st. J_
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNO. 21tf McAllister st.
SOHMER Byron Mauiy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. 'BYRON MAUZY. 308-313 Post St.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. BCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up ;• Chickering baby grand;
Phonlnrer. little .used. Keeffe's. 2S*» O'Farrell
PHYSICIANS AND STmQSOHS.
DR C~~C O'DONNELL— Offlce an# residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th. particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1O73H Market St. - -
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
post four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at C87 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
cases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay et.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In -EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlr.gham. 204 Sutter.
OrriCES AWP STORES TO IiET.
THE MAJESTIC.
MOST CONVENIENT. SUNNIEST. BEST
LIGHTED OFFICE BUILDING IN UPPER
MARKET ST.; LARGE. HANDSOME OF-
FICES FROM $12 8O PER MONTH UP. IN-
CLUDING FREE JANITOR AND ELEVA-
TOR SERVICE. HOT WATER AND ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS. APPLY ON PREMISES OR
TO SPECK & CO., 209 Montgomery st.
DESK room in light offlce, with use of pri-
vate office; reasonable. 1005 Market, r, 617.
DIAMOND. 81&— Store, and kitchen; good for
Christmas to make money. . "--":•
LARGE offlce to let. 675 Mission st.
t ! A j^ Lr q^- L r^^ J V^^r
FOR men only; every man who la weak can
add many years of happiness to hia life by
using Cactus Cure: It cures all vital weak-
ness, nervous debility, atrophy, stricture,
varlcocele. etc.. by stimulating the blood
supply; it feeds and quickly builds up new
tiSKUe; that's Cactus Curs; gives great vigor
to all men; an outwardly applied salve
which rejuvenates and permanently sustains;
*one application proves Its merit; write for
free trial box or send 50c for $1 box. Cac-
tus Product Co.. 264 Slbtey building. Phil-
adelphia. Pq. -
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-,
tings, bagginesa of eyes or any blemish o5
the face, Mme. GUlingbam invites you to
call and investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other In this
city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton st. ; write , for booklet.
M. ELLA HARRIS. French liquid powder;
gives face, neok and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off ; send
only $1 and test it for yourself. M. Ella Har-
rls. chemist and skin specialist. 128 G«ary st.
A RELIABLE cure for superfluous hair, B. B.
B. English Caramel; It a treatment: free
demonstration; keep your skin smooth and
beautiful and prevent wrinkles by using our
Skin Food. 50c a Jar. ELITE DERMATO-
LOGY INSTITUTE. 838 Market st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalpiat druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Po:lc
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold. by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c.' Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St.. S. F.
NOTICE— My wife. KATHARINA RUNDE,
having left ray board and bed, I will not be
responsible for any debts Incurred by her In
my name. F. H. RUNDE, 2160 Mission rt.
LADIKS' HATS! LADIES' HAT8 !
Swell ready-to-wears, ?1 25 up; pattern dress
hats, half price; must be sold at once on ac-
count of departure. 142 Laguna St., near
O' Farrell ; middle flat. -
A GENTEEL young man (Eaaterner) desires
the acquaintance of congenial young girl
or woman; object matrimony; strictly con-
fidential. Box 417, Call. .>),:<.:
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenilie-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine In "hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
sels, tapestry and moquette: chenille curtains
wovtn Into new rugs. Fluff Rug- Factory,
£62 Market St.. Oakland; take West 6th car.
POKER players, write me for free prospectus
regarding the most valuable Information ever
• given on draw poker. Rltter Publishing
Co., Columbus. Ohio. - - -
WANTED — Information of John A. Lay, a
resident of San Francisco In 1*31, and 1874
of Vallejo. Address DANIEL I. LAY.
Lyme, Conn. ¦
•FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1880. 2182 Fl'lmore st.; phone Geary 20&3.
PROF DE LONTSKY. face specialist; moles,
superfluous hair, wrinkles, etc. - painlessly
removed. 327 Geary St.. opp. 8t. Francis.
AT less than cost; uncalled for sutts. overcoat!
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st. .
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 BO
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 34O Post St.. near Powell.
ELECTROLYSIS, magnetism, massage parlors.
- MRS. HOLSHOUSER, 320 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary st. - -- .
FAINT SHOP— Was all right after one month;
don't worry. SPICE MILLS. . .- '
PHYSICIANS are advising their patients to
chew CHICLETS. ¦ ¦
H. ANDERSON, 28 OFarrell st.— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer. . i
MRS. i>R. OWYER. 511A LeaTenworth St.. b**
. tween Geary and O'Farrell. TeL East (507.
SUITS to order on installments of 91 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the taUors, 720 Markat st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for. $14 73. Fred. Wagner. 800 Market.
EASY Installments for Men and Youthn Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEM03. 1127
- Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth. -¦
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
gpyyy. GARIN. I3S Montgomery- st. --
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing,
Art Tailoring.. 1C44. Mkt.. under St.* Nicholas,
Superfluous hair removed;' electric needle. Mrs.
_ Eaton.^CO Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary.r.33:
TAILOR-MADE sort $7 50;* drer« pant«~$2~Sa
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bosh and Duponb
MASQUERADE costumes play: books, wigs;
„ country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S ' Egyptian Henna' restores gray
hair to its natural coIor.Sl at all druggists',
FEBS0ITAI.3 — ContianeO.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-l-O-'S" ¦ -
BCLLETTN.
••REXRADIO"3" PVBI^IC "FRKE" LEL'TURU
-AND HEALING, WITH HUMANIZED RA-
DiuM. Tests to evhky person . ix
j THB AUDIENCE DESIRING THEM "TO-
i DAY" at 3 and S p. m. "RADIUM UALL."
7S3% Market and 1 4th. st., CORNER OF*
MARKET and FOURTH. Bring your SICK
f POOR.
! ••REXRAMO'S" offlce hours. 2 to 7 p. .in.
j Consultation "free.". Terms to suit means.
I "ALLEGED. INCURABLE" diseases of- ail
I kinds treated by Rexradio. >¦ . - •
! "MEDICINE" and medical instruments at»
• never prescribed or used by Rexradio, "only"
harmless, painless "HUMANIZED RA«
DIUM" power. 0 •
"NAMES" of all patients referred to BELOW
er« Rt the offices. - ' SMvWQSJH
"HE LEAPS"— A cripple from PARALYSI3.
almost powerless. LEAPED frequently after
first treatment tn public hall. JJumeroua
similar cases. - , ...-.-¦ ;. , -
"MILLS OF THE GODS" grind "slowly'.';
Humanized Radium grinds diseases quickly.
often ¦ "instantly." . ¦ . „ - . - -
"LATEST MARVEL" (last Thursday^
"Through a fall one of mysplnatr bones wss
displaced. PROTRUDIXO outward. - It - felt
~loos«. ' sllp-ped about under my hand": " trylna
to stocp caused severe pain. After 2 treat-
ments by Rexradio th\ bone went back to it*
place: the. spine Is now LEVEL to tha eye
and touch." ? .- • -¦ • • •». ' •,
••AGONIZING PAIN" for years (GASTRrTISI:
"Doctors said I must die. Last Friday flrst
treatment Instantly removed all pains."
"ETERNAL SILENCE" broken: several
DEAF MUTES have recently HEARD and
Intelligibly SPOKEN words spoken . to them
¦ In ordinary velce an* WHISPER not only by
Rexradio. but also by numerous persons in
hi* "public" audiences, whose signatures as
WITNESSES are attached to the testimo-
nials. Each treatment occupied 3 seconjs
only. Patient's eyes were always "c!os#1"
'during speaking tests to prevent hfs "read-
Ing" speaker's lips and "guesalns" what was
spoken.
"ANOTHER WONDKR"— Last Thursday AN-
OTHER DEAF MUTE after 3 'seconds'
treatment HEARD and SPOKB 'what was
said to her under TEST conditions aam» aa
above. .-V-
"LIGHT DAWNS" for BLIND man: "Sly
eyes for years barely knew light from, dark-
ness. After Rexradlo'a one treatment I saw
the form of Tils uplifted hanr). and the.lfght
between his fingers when separated.. I -looked
out of window, and . at 30 feet distinguished
forma cf human beings, carriages, etc. .All
this impossible before." Note — He saw the
outlines;- further treatments may- restore his
vision fully.
"WATERS SUBSIDE" — "Within 24- hour* «f
Rexradio's first treatment the DROPSY en-
tirely left my limba."
"REXRADIO" fully CURED our rhaumattsnv
neuralgia, falling .vision, paralysis, cancer.
••fever,", gastritis, anchylosis, dropsy," ulcer,
tumor. "Interview" us. • -¦¦ ¦
"CRIPPLE WALKED." unaided (last week).
after flrst treatment; - previously — ceulrtiVt
• STAND without strong support; (LOCOMO-
TOR ATAXIA). ___•-_
"LAWYER" (one of city*!- foremost) last week
, lost his SCIATICA at Rexradto'a office, and
! offers no reward for its recovery!
| "MINING EXPERT" mlss-d .his large CAN-
CER several weeks' since; now wishes ¦ he
j had met Rexradio a year "earlier."
i "REXRADIO'S" one . treatment opened my
long- CATARRH-closed nostrils and I
breathed freely."
"FUNERAL MARCH" to the grave ' was th»
dolorous tuna my pulse played when TY-
PHOID fever clutched tee. but after R«x-
radio'9 2 treatments the tune changed to
David's anthem. "I shall NOT DIB, BTJT
LIVE"; no, relapse. K.. 112 Fell st.
"IS MY HOUSE?* and presence Rexradio made
2 DEAF MUTE8 hear and STEAK. V
"REXRADIO" in my office, wonderfully help-
ed cases INCURABLE by MEDICINE."
(Physician)^ ¦ - '
"FOUNTAIN OK YOUTH" vainly sought by
Ponca de Leon is "found" in Rexradio's
"hairanlzed radium"; "friends say I look.
20 years youneer Bines he treated me."
i "OSSIFIED LADY"— Mrs. Knowles. 870 Bart-
i lett; Joints of limbs, arms. neck. etc.. for
years IMMOVABLE: ALL MOVEJ> FREE-
! LY alter one treatment several weeks ago.
! (Seo her.) • . . . . ' . ¦
I "LEADLNa CITIZEN"— After "first" treat-
ment lost all symptoms of many years' dis-
tressing disease that mads Ufa lntolerabls;
further treatments made wonderful ¦ cure*
PERMANENT. / . . . ,
"LEADING PHYSICIANS" have witnessed
marvelously successful treatments of total
d«afness, paralysis, deaf mutee, neuralgia,
etc. ; names at offices.
••WONDEHSTRUCK"— "Mrs. KnowJes, th»
long bedridden. OSSIFIED lady recently vis-
ited me; I found all her formerly solid Joints
freely movable: she grasped and shook my
I hand — before Impossible; I was wonderstruek
! to see the great change."
< " A.THLETICS" — Rexradio instantly helped my
: PARALYSIS, and I walked, ran, LEAPED."
"ALMOST MIRACLE"— Recently I too* a
DEAF MUTB to Rexradio: in 3 seconds ha
made her HEAR and SPEAK numerous
words and sentences, which we. all under-
stood clearly. She also spoke for me. It *M
almost a MIRACLE."— J. P.. 346O 20th st.
"REXRADIO" made my many" years totally
i DEAF ear inetantly hear WHISPER at 70
i feet." . .
"DOUBLE BARRELED" healing: Whil«
Rexradio was treating a patient, a rheu-
matic person sat within 4 feet, who de-
clared she felt the power pass to her and re.
move her pains. (A "frequent" occurrence.)
••STORED RADIUM"' — Rexradio charged a
handkerchief with his healing force, which,
was taken miles, laid on. lady In agony from
dlaeaee; in few seconds all pains left her;
sound sleep following.
"DISTANT HEALING" by Rexradio ha* been
wonderfully effective ta numerous Instances.
"REXRADIOT Instantly made my ANCHY-
LOSED Umb movo naturally, and I walked
freely." . , - ¦
I "MY TYPHOID FETVER" at its meet DAN-
: GEROUS STAGE was absolutely BROKEN
UP and fully CURED bx. R«r&di</» * 3
treatments. In one day."— K.. 112 Fell st.
"PARALYSIS" — My nearly helpless limb and
arm had normal strenarth and abilities fully
restored by Rexradio's 1 treatment."
"BLINDNESS AVERTED": natural atrong
sight established by Rexradio's 2 treatments;
I now easily read SMALLEST PRINT with-
out glasses." "' . .* '
"THUNDER INAUDIBLE" many years to 2
of us; after 3 seconds public treatment w«
both heard WHISPER at SO feet; two prom-
inent "physicians" tn hall "openly" said Uw
results were truly "wonderful."
VRUNS -AND LEAPS"— PARALYZED pa-
tlent. in presence of above . 2 'Physicians.
after 3 seconds' treatment, RAN ' and
LEAPED. : ¦ . .
"ELECTRICITY." concealed batteries, ete.,
. cannot account for Rexradio's peculiar- pow-
. ers; TWICE he has met this objection by
inducing "skeptics" to. •PUBLICLY and
thoroughly SEARCH him In full view of
crowded audiences. On their declaring the
search satisfactory, he -Instantly touched the
totally deaf ear of the chief search** (skep-
tic), who then owned he heard WHISPERED
words. . ¦ . . . ... .•;••*.
"ATTORNEY'S" ANCHYLOSED UNBEND-
ING KNEE instantly moved naturally after
few seconds' treatment. ... . . .
"MEDICAL LIBERALITY"— City physician,
said to audience: "I strongly a£vUe those
Incurable by medicine to take Rexradio's
marvelous treatment."
"REXRADIO" gives above results of FIRST
treatments, which may become "permanent"
by further treatments. •" "Names" of
patients at offices. ¦ ¦'¦•¦.'
"REXRADIO'S" free public healing TO-
DAY. 2 to S p. m. Offlee hours. 2 to- 7 —
783H Market, cor. 4t>.
TAVi^saajL-sovso, PAiarroro. etc.
Flrat-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 1C67 McAllister St.: tel. FelT 2403.
FATEXTTS. - ¦ ¦
INVENTIONa patented. F. P. MEDINA, at^
torn»y-at-law. g Hobart bldg.. 532 Market *t.
TO I.EASE. -•'":--»*V.>
STORE to" lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
. barber shop. , - ' ¦ ' -
AN exceptionally- good No. 2 Remtegtonv No. 1
Smith Premier. $23: ether . typewriters at
htzber and lower, prices: rentals $2 80. Th»
- Typewriter Exchange. 536 California at.
2D- HAND .typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting In»pec. Co.. .108 Mark*:
For Additionnl Advertisements Sec
Paso 52.THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL; SUNDAY; NOVEMBER 13. 1904.
52
ROOMS FOB HOirS-CEEFIWO.^
BItANNAJfr"32S— Parfor~~floorr 3 sunny fur-
aiehed rooms; gas; grates. 17S South Park.
BRYANT. 444 — 2 -unny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping, with g— a. |
BUSH. 16*5— Lerre. light room for hous*keep-
icg; modern; running water; $10; also large
room, suitable for two.
CLAY. 1615. nr. Polk— Large front suite; un-
furnished; housekeeping; 1 front single room.
COLE, 223 — « rooms, including bathroom; com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping : rent rea-
aonabl«j
DIAMOND. 810— Three furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. ' ¦¦ _________
DOLORES, 0S4. near Twenty-third— Two
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
LDDY. 11— Rooms. Jl 50 per week up. with
boar3 if desired; home cooking.
EDDY. 002 — 3 housekeeping rooms.
HOUSEKEEPING room to let. Ad_Tess 1326
Eddy street. __
THE LAUNSTON, 110 Eddy— Newly furnish-
ed; best transient house In city; 60c. $L
EDDY. 927— Nicely furnished nous-keeping
rooms; electricity, gas. bath, phone; $15,
Including cooking gas.
EDDY 960 — Elegantly furnished bedroom with
grate; kitchen gas range; reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 106 — Elegant front mite, com-
plete for housekeeping; single $2 per week;
gas and bath. •
ELEVENTH, 314 — Large eunny furnished
room with use of kitchen.
ELLIS. 1178— Sunny front alcove and kitchen,
nicely furnished; bath, phone, etc.; no chil-
dren. '¦
FOLSOM. C13— Housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM. 11O7B — Front and back parlor for
housekeeping; sas, bath.
FOLSOM, 2136— Housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM. S22S — Two bedrooms, with use of
kitchen and large yard; $13 per month; no
objection to children.
FOURTH, 223^ — Xlce housekeeping rooms; alto
. single.
FTtAXKLJX, 20 — 2O Sunny furnished rooms,
single or for housekeeping.
FULTON. SOI. corner Octavla— Housekeeping
room to let.
GEARY, 815 — Sunny housekeeping rooms.
GEARY. S64 — 2 housekeeping rooms, $15.
GEARY. 1225— Completely furnished suite for
housekeeping; i>ath, etc.; elsa 3-room cottage,
yard; $21 month.
GEARY. 1U5'J — Klne furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 43» — Two furnished
rooms lor llsht housekeeping.
GOLDEN OATH ave.. C22— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATK ave.. 631— Nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms.
GROVE. 22 — Unfurnished rooms for house-
keepltig.
GROVE. 171 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
GROVE, €46 — Housekeeping roomi.
GUERRERO. :»1— 2 large sunnv rooms for
light housekeeping in private family.
HAIGHT. 1031 — Two sunny connecting rooms;
fcath. etc.; housekeeping; reasonable.
HAYES. "1.4 — 2 unfurnished rooms; use of bath
and kitchen.
HOWARD, 1424V4 — One room and use of
kitchen, $9.
HOWARD. S22 — Two front suites, also single
housekeeping rooms.
K1XE housekeeping rooms to let. Apply 92
Jessie it.
JESSIE. 310— Housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 323— Large sunny front parlor: fur-
r.ished f or h"u«>-keeping ; pas range; $3 73 wk.
JONES, 207 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, $10 to
$32 ner Tv»ek.
JO.VKS, 307 — Pleasant sunny room for house-
keeping.
JONES. 616— Sunny front parlor and kitchen.
JUNII'ER. 49n. off Folsom. near l«th— Two
cunny rms., fur. hskpg. ; bath, gas; r»>nt reas.
KEARNY. 1<M — Ray window front suite and
kitchen; $-0; eunny; adults; references.
KEARXY. 303, cor. Bu-h— Xlce furnished
housekeeping rooms, with gas and bath.
LAGUNA. «.»GS — Two sunny, bay-windew room«.
1004 Larkln, one room; running water, fold-
lug-bed, gas ranges; reasonable.
LARICIX. 413— Xitvly furnished front house-
keeping room; t'-i 5o p<?r week.
1-ARKIX. SlU'i — N"i<t sur.ny furnished room;
every convenience for housekeeping; ?lo mo.
LARKIN, S194- Nice Funny furnished room;
ever}' convenience for housekeeping; $1_ mo.
LEAVENWOHTH. 720— 2 rooms and kitchen
complete for houec-keerliur.
LIBERTY. 504. nr. Castro — Mod. sun. parlors
kitchen, din. -room; warm belt; adults; tefs!
LILY ave.. 30S'j. near Laguna— Double sunny
front room with houaeiteeplng privileges.
XEN1LTVORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Thre»-
rootn tunny apartments; steam h-at; cen. loc.
1CNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine
tunny furclsbed 3-roora suites; steam heated
•lectric lighted; fre« baths; rates reasonable.'
MARKET, 2078— Furnished rooms and house-
keeping.
MCALLISTER. _KM— One large room for light
housekeeping.
MtALLlSTER. S«>7— a large sunny nicely «ur-
nifchPd bay-window rooine and bath; $1*.
MCALLISTER. J031— Front room; furnished"
modern; bath, phone. "
MINNA. 546— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
MINNA. 3<Z— Large housekeeping room to
let.
MISSION. 823— Furnlehc-d housekeeping rooms
M r^rV°« N to 'it 030 ' near Slxth - Ho ««>"*-Plns-
MONTGOMERY. 10»— Housekeeping ruonis to
NATOMA, 76— Runny front room, well furnlsh-
ed for hvUpekeeping.
NATOMA. C06— Housekeeping room*.
NINETEENTH. S49A— One front bay-window
room unfurnished ejid others; rent reaaori-
edble.
NINTH. 113— Two sunny housekeeping room--
running water, gas stove, bath; reasonable."
OAK. 117— Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
t!2; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407— Sunny large clean room* gentle*
men. $4 and $5 per month.
O'FARRELL, 689 — 2 basement rooms for house-
keeplag: phone, bath, gas; f2 60 per week.
O'FARRELL, C27— Furnished room for house-
keeping.
O'rARRELL, 1228— Newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; suites or single; reasonable.
PAGE, 278 — Two or thre* fine housekeeping
rooms; bet bath and ga«; 2. $15; 3, $22.
PAGE, 653— Sunny room- for housekeeping-
reasonable. ••¦-
POET. 805— Comfortable housekeeping room-
$9 50.
POST. OC2 — Sunny front enlte $15: pleasant
single rooms $3, $&, $10; gas, phone.
RAUSCH. 85, bet. Seventh and Eighth— Liv-
ing roora and kitchen; range, sink, large
yard; reasonable.
EUSS. 176. bet. Sixth and Beventh— Front and
back parlors, gas stove, coal grate, closets;
reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, . 1490— Front -unny furnished
housekeeping ctiltes, $15 to $23 per month.
SANCHEZ. SOO, near Eighteenth— Large, sun-
ny •lttlng-room, alcove bedroom, kitchen;
reasonable.
SCOTT. S00. near Haight — 2 or 3 extra sunny
boosekeejilng rooms; low price.
EF9COND. 149 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; central location.
CECOND. 434 — Two large parlors, furnished for
housekeeping; lot* of «ua.
| BOOMS FOB gOTTSE-CEEPUTO — Con.
SHOTWELL. 6215 — 2 sunny furnished rooms
J for light housekeeping; bath, piano.
SIXTEENTH. 3077— Sunny housekeeping suite;
low rent. ' __
sTxTEENTH. 342S A— Housekeeping rooms;
j furnished; gas, bath and phone; $20.
SOUTH PARK, 178— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping. .*. ¦ '• ; :
SUTTER, 823B— Housekeeping rooros^
SUTTER, 1808— Two unfurnished rooms with
gas range; bath, running water; gas; pri-
vate family. ¦ -
TAYLOR. 242— Sunny front housekeeping
room; basement; separate entrance. ¦
TEHAMA. 321— Neat front room tb let.
TENTH. 306— Three completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; new flat; hot and^ cola
water; electric lights and gas free; $2- to.
THIRD. 314—2 parlor suites, $12; 1 room, $8;
quiet folks only; private family.
THIRD. 320— Front and back housekeeping
rooms' to rent; cheap. ¦ .
THIRD, 440, upetalrs— Housekeeping rooms to
let.
THIRTEENTH, 174 — 3 unfurntshed rooms for
housekeeping; adults; $10.
THOROUGHLY reliable housekeeper wants
entire charge rooming-house for housekeep-
ing rooms and small wages. MRS. SAM-
UEL, 19 Fulton st.; tel. Folsom 3603.
TREAT ave., 678, near Twentieth — Two sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping; $12 SO.
TlTiK, 1605— Three large, nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; eunny; bath, porch,
stationary tubs; $12 month. *
TWELFTH. 145 — Sur.ny furnished suites of
2 an I 3 rooms for housekeeping.
UTAH. 638 — Take Eighth and Eighteenth st.
cars: hot and cold water; gas; separate
toilet; In sunny cottage.
VALENCIA, 1324—3 eunny housekeeping
rooms.
VAN NESS. 232— Nicely furnished sunny front
bay-window corner; separate kitchen; $18.
VAX NESS ave.. 419 — Parlor suite of 2 rooms;
gas range; very reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 421— Pleasant sunny suite for
housekeeping; reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 1021— Newly papered, furn.
bay-window suite 3 rooms; grate, phone; $25;
others JS.
VICKSBURG. S, nr. Twenty-second — 2 fur-
nished housekeeping rooms.
WALLER, 71 — Regular dining-room and
i kitchen of new house; fine view; sun all day.
I . ..
j APARTM3-irr HOUSES.
THE Everett Apartments, 825) Fell. nr. Fill-
; more — Most elegant apartments In city; 4
end 5 rooms, furnished and unfurnished; sun
all day; elevator, telephone; $35 up.
COLE, 4O3C — Sunny furnished 4-room apart-
ment; piano; very desirable; references.
ROOMS TO IiET— rnrn. and Unfarn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THK AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 ANU 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 room.; 33 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH' BATH. $1 50 TO $2 50 P_tt
DAY; -INGLE ROOMS. 75c TO $1; HUT
WATEK DAY AND NIGHT. T_L_PHOXE
SOUTH 1041. -
! " ~ ASHWORTH HOTEL.
j 320 Mason et.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
'¦ New addition just comDleted; entire house
! newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
I brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
; watur: electric lights; only flrst-class nous*
; in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
j A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st,— Room*
Z5c to $1 per nlgbt. SI 25 to $- per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth rt.)— Room*. 25c. 50c.,$l. $1 50 night;
$1 5o to $10 week; house open all night.
AVON 473 Geary — New house. Just opened:
E'jlti' and 'lncle rooms; private baths; spe-
cial rates to tourists. ;. >«•'
! A LARGE, sunny, furnished front room, with
running water; private family. Box 4923,Call
j ANTONIO, 8 — Furnished rooms to let.
,-A.KDELL HOUSE, 15 Page— Large furnished
rooms, $1 25, * 1 50 week; housckeping, f'2 up.
j Bfl-MONU house; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electrio
lights; running water In every room; 200
loems; 23c to 50c Der night; $1 25 to $3 week.
! BAKER, 704 — Furnished room to let.
i : ; —
' BARTLETT, 300 — Furnished rooms.
j BRA NX AX. 32S — Nice furnished rooms to let.
! P-EAVER, 13— Sunny room.
i ¦
I ________ ?-„- „¦..- -. ; •¦ .
I BROADWAY, 730— Furni»h»jl room to let.
j BROADWAY. T3<) — Room to let,
¦ BRYANT. 300— Room to let.
! BRYANT. 571— A furnished room to let.
i ¦ _______
BKYANT. 518 — t sunny unfurnished rooms;
eunny; rear; r»nt $9.
BRYANT. T22— Furnished rooms.
; BRYANT. 708 — Small furnl6hed room for
i gentleman.
: BRYANT. 8.V.A— Rooms to let.
¦ BRYANT. 000 — Furnlehed room to let.
BRYANT, 1C16— Furnl-hed rooms.
I BRYANT, 103C— Furnished rooms. '
BUSH, 729 — Room to let. .'¦¦:•¦-
. ______________ _______
BUSH. 763 — Rooms to let.
BUSH. SOU — Sincl* rooms for gentlemen; pri-
; vale family; references required.
1 BUSH, 1257 — Unfurnished room.
TO let — A furnished room. Apply 1584 Bush
j street.
I ' - - '¦ " -- . , * ._ _________
I BUSH. 1911— Sunny i..oihh; very reasonable. •
BUEH, 2914 — Sunny front room to : let.
, CALIFORNIA, C05— Fine furnished room for
rent.
. - - ¦ • »
'¦ CALIFORNIA, 706— Room to rent
CALIFORNIA. 12C4— Nice, minny room; run-
j nlng water, large closet; gentleman or laay.
i CAPP, 741— Nicely furnished room.
i z_Z ;
. SUNNY rcom to let. Inquire at 15 Carl st ,
¦ CASTRO. 421 — Furnished rooms.
CENTRAL ave.. 813— Furnished room.
CHESTNUT. C48— Room to let . *
CHESTNUT. 648— Room to let
CHURCH. 339 — Four unfurnished rooms to
CLARA. 16 — Furnished room, suitable for 1 or
2 gentlemen; private family.
j ________ — : t~~~
CLARA, .142— Four rooms to let; $13.
' CLARA. 230— Two rooms to let
CLAY, C22— Furnished rooms to let "-
i CLAY, 1006— Furnished room.
I "¦ ———————_-_-_-_-______.
CLAY, 1018 — Rooms to let .
CLAY. 2320— Large, sunny, alcove bedroom,
- furnished; use of telephone,
CLAY. 2413— A nicely furnished room to let
BOOMS TO L-Jl-rnrn. and TTnfnrn.
CHESTnIjT, 63— Nicely furnished rooms.
CHESTNUT, 792— Room to let.
CLEMENTINA, 34— A nice sunny front room.
CLEMENTINA. 50— Furnished rooms.
NICE sunny ' furnished room to let. Apply
413 Clementina st. •
CLINTON PARK, 262— Front room to let.
COLE,' 751 — Furnished rooms. '.
COLLING WOOD, 120 — Furnished room to let;
$8 per month. --
COLUMBIA square. 4— A sunny room. '
DEVISADERO, 481— Large, sunny front room
to let. - ¦ .;'.•'¦/. ,¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•'-•--¦ :¦> ¦¦:'_'
DEVISADERO, 1301A— Sunny furnished rooms.
DEVISADERO, 1619 — Two large rooms and
bath; large yard; modern; very cheap.
EDDY, 210 — Two front eunny rooms, suitable
for - gents, cr man and wife.
EDDY. 432— Nice furnished rooms; all con-
veniences; central; reasonable.
EDDY. 47tS — 2 furnished rooms to let.
EDDY, 494 Large bay-window NE. cor. suite
or single room; quiet, private flat; sun all
day. ••¦•-•¦¦'-.¦*' '¦
j EDDY. 506— Furnished rooms. ¦
EDDY, 637 — One front room.
EDDY, 652 — Two furnished rooms to let.
EDDY, 773 — Nicely furnished rooms; hot and
ccld water. i ¦»,':-,'"
EDDY, 879 — Nicely furnished room for gentle-
man.
I EDDY, 883 — Sunny furnished rooms; modern,
electric lights, hot and cold water; new flat.
ELLIS. 1229 — Furnished room.
EDDY.. 1233 — Furnished room. .<"-'".• -~ .V T
EDDY. 1233 — Furnished room.
ELLIS. 1902— Single furnished room to let.
ELLIS. 1885 — Nice furnished room to let.
EDDY, 1222 — Room to let.
EIGHTH. 400 — Furnished room.
EIGHTH ave., Sunset District— Nicely fur-
nlshul rcom. .
EIGHTH ave.. 574 — 2 bay-window rooms, near
Park, furnished or unfurnished; Eddy cars.
j EIGHTH ave, 574 — Furnished hall bedroom.
I EIGHTH ave.. 574— Sunny bay-window rooms;
| near G. G. Park; board; single or double.
EIGHTEENTH, 3230— Sunny furnished rooms.
EIGHTEENTH. 4064 — Furnished room to let.
ELEVENTH. 15— A fine room to let.
ELEVENTH. 41 — One sunny furnished room.
| KLIZABETH, 412 — Furnished rooms to let
i I___Z ;
ELLIS. 418— A furnished room to let. v
ELLIS, 616 — Furni6hed rooms to let.
ELLIS. 914 — Front room, suitable for two gen-
tlemen.
ELLIS, 1O3S — 2 sunny furnished rooms; $8 and
$12; new flat; private: phone. ">•;%?
ELLIS, 1044— Elegant furnished room to let.
ELLIS. 1060 — Nice, pleasant, «unny furnished
rooms.
FAIR OAKS, 244 — Rooms to let. — •
FELL. 120 — Furnished rooms.
FELL, 252 — Furnished room.
FELL, 478 — Unfurnished room.
FELL, 64S — Large furnished sunny front al-
cove room, suitable for 2; also single room,
bath, etc.; walking distance.
FELL, 733 — 1 unfurnished room to let
FELL. 797 — Sunny furnished rcom to let
FELL. 083 — Furnished rooms to let. ¦
FIFTH, 1 — Furnished rooms.
FIFTH, 1 — Furnished rooms to let. •'•;':.•.
FIFTH, 100 — FurnUhed rooirs to let.
FIFTH, 247 — Furnished room to let.
FIFTH. 34S — Furnished rooms to let. ' ; -_- ;%.*
FIFTH. 103. corner Harrison — Sunnv fur-
nished room; new building.
FILBERT. C14— A sunny room.
A SUNNY, quiet, furnished room. Address
1530 Filbert street.
FILLMORE. 111% — A furnished room to let.
FILLMORE. 1437— Furnished room.
! FILLMORE, 2414— Furnished room.
i I. — — — — — — — ¦ — .
FIRST, 317 — 2 connecting, unfur. rooms; large
closets; running water; no children.
FIRST, 317 — Small front furnished sunny
room.
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 772 Folsom
Strict. '
FOLSOM. 910— A nicely furnished room to let.
FOLSOM. CCS, corner Second— Fine sunny
rooms to let,
FOLSOM, 614." between Second and Third—
BtiBiment to let.
FOLSOM, 1716— Room to let.
FOLSOM, 1013 — Furnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 1024',.— Furnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. I1O7B — Furnished front hall bed-
room. ¦ .>
FOLEOM, 17C6 — A small front room. '' v. V
FOLSOM ave., 18B— Furnished room to let ;
FORTY-SEVENTH AVE.. 1248— Room to let.
FOURTEENTH, 470 — Nice room for working-
man In private family; reasonable. '
FOURTH, 633— Rooms to let ¦
FRANKLIN. 24— Furnlehed rooms.
FRANKLIN. 1435 — Wanted/roomers.
FRANKLIN, 1459— Handsomely furnished
room to let. ; * .
FRANKLIN, 1459 — Handsomely furnished
parlor to let. _ v ¦
FREMONT, 316 — Furnished room to let
FULTON, 221— Sunny front room. . ;
FULTON, 226— Sunny, room to" let. > ' „*-.';>
FULTON.' 303 — Large/ ; front. . sunny.. 3-room
.apartment: newly ¦ furnished; 2 folding beds.-
BOOMS TO LET— Turn, and Unf urn.
FULTON, 442— Sunny furnished room to let.
I ¦ - • .
FULTON. C36— Furnished rooms. \
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 181 Minna
; St.. near Third. : '
| FURNISHED rooms cheap. Apply 2S25& MIs-
I Eion st.
i FURNISHED rooms to let Apply at 149 Sec-
• " ond st.
FURNISHED room to let. Box 4191, Call
office ¦
GOUGH, 1118 — Klegant suites or single; sun all
day; In new modern, detached house; beauti-
ful grounds; elegantly furn.; central location;
all conveniences; exceptional opportunity for
flret-class parties seeking select private
home; home cooking unsurpassed; reference*.
GEARY. ' 37<; — Double and single f urnlsned
rooms. ... .;¦/. :\i- •'¦-, ¦ :-¦'-.
GEARY, 405— Handsomely furnished rooms.
GEARY, 405,' '.'Navarre" — Handsome _uits and
ein:le rooms. (
GEARY, 376— Furnished rooms; single or
double. • .
GEARY, 504— Furnished rooms.
GEARY, 645— Furnished rooms to let.
GEARY, 727 — Elegantly furnished single
rooms and suites to let '
ROOMS to let. Apply at 892 Geary st.
GEARY. 046— Large nicely furnished room,
suitable for 1 or 2 people; phone; reasonable.
GEARY. 936 — Nice eunny rooms to let . :
GEARY, 040— Furnished room. ' '. ' : -'
GEARY, 940— Furnished rooms. - r
GFARY. 040— Suite of rooms for light house-
keeping:.
GEARY. 1480— Rooms to let. '
GEARY, 1904— Furnished room to let. V
GEARY, 2220B — Nice sunny room.
GKARY, 824 — Newly fur. rooms; man and wife
or 2 sentlemen: bath and gas^ :
GEARtK 2872— Roomer wanted: male.
GLEN, PARK ave., 13— Sunny furnished rcom,
with coal grate. >' -'"-"'
GOLDEN GATE, 430— Large unfurnished room.
GOLDEN GATE, 430 — Furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE \ve., 939 — Bay window, run-
ning water, alcove; park view. " |£
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1130— Sunny room to
let;- bath; apply mornings^ ¦
GOLDEN GATE. llfiO— Nicely furnished room-,
suitable for gentleman, to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 120C — Furnished rooms.
GOUGH, 723— Large furnished room.
.GOUGH, 723— Large furnished roonv :
GOUGH, 725, nr. G. G. ave.— Elegant single
room for rent; furnished..
GOUGH, 1118 — Fine light sunny attic of three
rooms; private bath; toilet, gas-electric
lights; handsome den for 4 or 5 young men
seeking ""--thine- superior in elegant mod-
ern cotached houfce; beautiful grounds; home
cooking unsurpassed; most central, select lo-
cation ; references.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $S wlc.; reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also, single rooms; $1 50 to $7 week.
GREEN. 419 — Sunny room and bath.
GREEN, 425— Sunny room to let.
OREKX. <C2 — Room to rent. .
GREEN. 710— Furnished room.-.
GREEN, 1029— Large- rooms; hot and cold
| water, zas, marine view, cheap, furnished;
I with or without board.
GREENWICH. StilVi — Single furnished front
•room In private family; bath and all con-
veniences.
GREENWICH, 102U — Large unfurnished room
to lejU ¦
GREENWICH, 1029- : -Large unfurnished room.
GREENWICH, 1929— Furnished room.
GROVE, 131— Room to let.
GROVE, 522— Sunny furnished room.
GROVE. 51*8 — Large sunny room.
GKOVK. HC9 M: — A larj-e. sunny, nicely fur-
nished' front hall room; closet, gas; $7; other
rooms.
GROVE, 792 — One or two sunny, unfurnished
or partly furnished rooms to let.
GUERRERO, III'— Furnished rooms to let.
GJ:EKRKRO, 10C9 — Four unfurnished rooms
•to let.
GUERRERO, 1017— Furnished room to let.
HAI05HT, f>5 — Two elegantly furnished rooms.
HAIGHT. S82 — One elegantly furnished room
for one or two Kentlcmen.
HARRIET. Cl— Furnished room and bath.
l .
HARRISON. C41— Furnished rooms.
NICE eunny room. Apply 750 Harrison st.
HARRISON, 707— Room, to let; •
HARRISON. 770— Sunny front room to let.
- HARRISON. 1180— Furnished room to let.
HARRISON, IOCS— Furnished room.
HARRISON, 1176— burnished rooms'^
HARRISON, 1373^ — Bay-window room to rent
furnished. ' . . . ,-
HAWTHORNE, 8, near Third— Large, front
room.
HAYES. .464— Large furnished room.
HAYES, 4G4— Elesrant furnished rooms.
HAYES, 404— Furnished , rooms. V..,.|
HAYES, 481 — Bay-window front room for one
or two men; bath, gas and phone.'
TO let — A nice large sunny room. Apply 073
Hayes st. . •
TWO unfurnished rooms to let. Apply 138
- Hayes st. • .
HICKORY ave., 28— Furnished rooms to let.
HILL. 29— Furnished room.
HILL. 29 — Front furnished room; hot and cold
water. ¦
HILL. 29— Nicely furnished rooms to let reas-
onable.
HOWARD, W)l — Sunny, housekeeping room
HOWARD, • 504 — Sunny furnished room.',;
' HOWARD, 715— Large sunny * rooms i'at low
ratee; 23c to $1 day and $1 25 to $3 week.
HOWARD. 719— Rooms to let. •
HOWARD," 734%— Furnished rooms'. •
HOWARD, 7C0A — Furnished rooms; reason-
able. ..-.¦ ¦.¦ ... • :
HOWARD, 818—Furnlshed rooms to • let
HOWARD, : 821A— A nicely * furnished -room
' to Ict - ' M-t—9 • \
BOOMS TO LET — Purn. and TJnfurn.
HOWARD. 829— Room to let
HOWARD, S41 A— Nicely .furnished sunny
rooms; single or*. double.
HOWARD. SCO— Rooms to l.= t.
HOWARD. 914— Furnished room.
HOWARD, 933— Nicely furnished rooms; rea-
sonable.
HOWARD. 961— A front room for rent, sult-
able for one or two.
HOWARD. 93S%— Nice furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 1051— Nicely furnished front room
for two young ladles.
HOWARD. 1032— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD, 1054 — Nice furnished rooms; rent
cheap. • ¦
HOWARD, 1070— Furnished room to let.
HOWARD, 1074— Furnished room.
HOWARD. 1134 — Nicely furnished rooms; rea-
sonable.
HOWARD, 1207— Roorrs to let
HOWARD, 1313— Sunny front room; grate;
running water: suitable for two. —>:'",
HOWARD. 1350 — Furnished room to let
HOWARD, 1772— One aunny furnished bay-
window room. ..'.';'¦ . " ¦¦
HOWARD, 1772— Two rooms, rent $12; furnl-
tui e for sale.
HOWARD, 1'JOI — One furnished room.
HOWARD court. 7— Furnished sunny rooms.
HYDE, 7— Sunny bay-window room for rent.
HYDE, 307— Nicely furnished front room.
HYDE, 321 — Sunny front furnished room.
HYDE, C25 — Sunny furnished rooms or suites
to let. ¦ i ./:».:
JACKSON, 827— Sunny front room to let
JESSIE, 437% — Furnished rooms to let.
JESSIE. 470, between Fifth end Sixth — Sunny
front rcom.
JESSIE. 636%— Furnished rooms to let.
JESSIE, 640 — Furnished room.
JONES, 207 — Sunny front and back single
rooms, from $2 to $3 per week. .
JONES, 317— Rooms to let.
JONES, 310— Rooms to let.
JONES, 520— Furnished rooms.
JONES. t!08 — Nicely. furnl3hed. large, sunny
room.
JONES, 913, nr. Pine — Sunny nicely fur. scru-
pulously clean, comfortable, convenient; refs.
JL'LIA. 42 — Furnished rooms tt> let.
KEARXY. 220 — Sunny rooms, en suite or sin-
gle; rent reasonable: phone Black 444t>.
KEARNY. 305. cor. Hush— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms and bath.
KEARNY, 425— Furnished roon\.
LAGUNA. 744 — Furnlfhed room.
LAGUNA. 1314 — Room to let.
; i ' ¥
LAGUNA. 1733— Room to let.
LANGTON. 111A— Furnished room in private
family. ' '¦' .'. ' r\ " '¦•¦"
LARKIN. ¦ 139— Furnl-hed rooms.
LARKIX, 50C — A small sunny furnished room;
reasonable.
LARKIN. 627 — SUikIp room for gentleman.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room-. $S and $5;
back rooms, $5 and ?<>; stoves and grates.
LARKIN, 807 >_ — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms.
LARKIN, 846D— One furnished room.
LEAVENWORTH. 602— Sunny front room.
LEAVENWORTH, GCC — Nice tunny room.
LEAVENWORTH. 2245— Room to let.
LEAVENWOP.TH. 2414— A room for rent.
LILY ave., 14 — Room for a gentleman.
LILY ave., 112 — Unfurnished room.
LINDEN ave., 250— Furnished room to let.
LOCUST ave., <"i0S\.i. off Laguna — Furnished
sunny parlor room: $S Der month.
LOMBARD, 506, near Stockton — Sunny room.
LYON, 411 — Furnished room.
LYON. 14CS — Furnlfhed single room.
MANILA HOUSE, 757i_ Howard st. — Nice
runny rooms to -rent; reasonable.
MARKET, 017 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 0ft" — Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1040 (The Falmoutrj — Sunny rooms;
f 2 60 to $7iW*«k; baths: elevator.
MARKET, 1073v_— Nice furnished rooms; rea-
Bonablc.
MARKET, U^S— Rooms %\ 50 up; suites $4 00
up; -first class: transient.
MARKET, 1325— Large furnished room.
MARKET. 1654 — Rooms to let.
MARKET. 1802— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1SC2— Room to let.
MASON, 821, near Pine — Nicely furnished
sunny room, with all conveniences.
MASON, 82C — Furnished rooms; good location;
¦ convenient.
MASON, 131 B — Rooms to let. ' • . " ¦
MASON. 1415— Furnished room.
MASON, 1812A — Furnished room to let.
MASON,- 1821 — Sunny furnished room.
MASONIC- ave.. 1327— Nice sunny room.
MCALLISTER, 30— Nicely furnished front
room ; ¦ suitable for two gentlemen. ¦ r
MCALLISTER, 30— Very large, sunny room; 1
- double, and 2 single beds; gas, water; also
nice, large pack parlor.
MCALLISTER, ll *— Furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER., 405— Furnished room to let.
MCALLISTER, 412," flat 4— Nicely furnished
room for lor 2, rents. •
MCALLISTER, 592— Room to let" :
MCALLISTER, ,712— Nicely furnished rooms
. for 1 or 2 gents. __.¦ \ ¦
MCALLISTER, 761— Rooms to let.
MCALLISTER. 837— Furnished rooms. -
MCALLISTER, 864— Rooms to let . '
MCALLISTER, 868— Furnished rooms. '•¦".
MIDWAY, 33-^-NIcely furnished room.
BOOMS TO l.-.^-mm. «n* TTnf-xn.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. »»_ ' "»« ¦ t "l_$* 1
single and family rooms » «° »V?nd fmoderu
*2 to $S per w f« k : tn f° nl £|_n Francisco
hotel and rooming-house In ban *r
that has office on ground floor, hot . anu
water, electric lights, call 1 **"££ «_£> n le _
. in every rcom and ¦T^^.^usT.-e-ts.
vator service day and night to u»-s,- ___
MINNA. 13— Sunny front room.
MINNA, es— Newly furnished rooms cheap,
j r!so housekeeping rooms.
j • "V ¦ .
j MIXXA. 1T.2 — Furnished rooms to let.
' FrRNl?HnD~rooms""toTirt. Apply 15«T Minna J
[ street. ' i .-.--> : '.: ?
MINNA. 237— Furnished rooms. .
¦'- "'• '¦-. ¦ - "
MINNA. 241— Furnished room. . .
. ~~~~~~~~~ • i
MINNA, 300— Furnished^ room to let.
MINNA. 313— Furnished room.
j MINNA. 325 — Rooms to let. >
MINNA. Z2G— A nice sunny front room: rea-
sonable, i- ,~~. ,- - ¦ - I
MINNA. 326— Neatly furnished front room; j
reasonable. .»,• r;. r ,
MINNA. 625— Large sunny furnished room to
let. .
MINNA. 633 — One furnished room for rent.
MINNA, 8S6 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 514— Nice pleasant rooms to let
MINNA. 55!>A — Furnished • front room.
| MISSION, 5C1— Room to let; furnished.
' MISSION, 675— Newly furnished rooms to tet
MISSION. 810— Fine furnished rooms to let
j MISSION. 810 — Furnished room. ______
! MISSION. 823 — Furnished rooms to let: good
j location. . ;,-. ¦? ::-'¦:."' -'^ :
j MISSION, S24 — Furnished room.
i MISSION. 820 — First-class rooms; newly fur-
nUhed hous»; Just opened; 1. 2 or 3.
MISSION. 843 — Furnished room to let.
MISSION, 843— A large front room to let
MISSION. S46 — Furnished room to let
MISSION, S69 — Sunny front room to let.
MISSION, 1007— Rooms to let.
MISSION. 1030— Furnished room; single; $10.
MISSION. 10*3— Large sunny room to let.
MISSION. 1055 — Clean sunny single front
room; SI 50 per week.
WANTED — A young lady roomer. 1653V4 Mis-
sion st. _______________
MISSION 1M15— Front and back parlors, suit-
able for doctor or light housekeeping, with
use of kltcli«n and dlnlnc-room.
MISSION, 1S04, near Fifteenth— Furnished
room. -
MISSION. 2250— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 2243 — Rooms to let.
__^ ' i
MISSION, 2427— Suite of rooms, rfurnished to !
¦ suit tenant: modern flat.
' MISSION. 284S — Nice furnished rooms reason-
's able. =
I ______
t MONTGOMERY, 100— Furnished rooms.
MONTGOMERY. 121 — Furnished room to let. I
: izz i
MONTGOMERY. 127 — Furnished rooms to let. }
MONTGOMERY, 517 (Johnson House)— Fur-
nUhed room*. i& ¦
MONTGOMERY. C25— Space to let.
I ¦ ______
MONTGOMERY. 1321— Furnished room to let.
MORRIS ave.. 10« — Nice room to let.
'
MOSS, 33 — A furnished room to let. j
NATOMA. 4R0i_ — Two connecting room», suit-
able for three' gentlemen; gas, bath.
NATOMA. HT.CIS — S-unr.y room: furnished.
NATOMA O37A— Sunny furnished room to
! let. ;
THREE or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms, near
park. Inquire K., 5 New Montgomery st.
j viNTH 118 — Two furnished rooms; gas;
' $10.
NINETEENTH. 304 1— Room to let.
NINTH 141 — Sunny furnished room for two
gentlemen; other rooms; private family.
NOE. 577—To let. single, pleasant front room;
reasonable. :«*. i
NOE, 1059 — Sunny furnished room.
OAK. 42 near Market— Large sunny nicely
j furnished front parlor to let.
OAK, i»4 — Rooms to let.
OAK, 221 Slngl" furnished room to let.
OAK. 510— Nicely furnished room, suitable for
two gentlemen. . • ' -.
OAK, i>51 — One furnished room.
oa kT" t»l. corner Broderlck. entrance Park
Panhandle. _>
OCTAVIA, 511 — Furnished room.
OCTAVIA, 1157, near Ellis — Furnished room
in basement; price reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 137— FurnUhed rooms..
O'FARRELL. 41S — Furnished rooms to let
O"FARRELL, 556— Sunny furnished room;
quiet block; near business center. •
O'FARRELL, 571 — Newly furnished, sunny
room; private family: running water.
O'FARRELL. 680 — Front room for two gentle-
men; phone; gas; bath; $12 month.
O*KA"RRELL, 016— Furnished room. MRS. L.
TREAT.
O' FA RRELI-. 1102— Sunny room.
O'FARRELL. 1209 — Elegantly furnished room
in new flat; gtntlemen preferred.
O'FARRELL, 1.120. nr. Buchanan— One large
and one medium, nicely furnished room. |3
, and $ti; hot and cold water; phone, etc;
> private.
O'FARRELL, 1526 — Sunny front room. .
O'FARRELL, 1712— A large sunny room.
OFA RRELL. 1712 — One sunny front room.
O'FARRELL. 1719 — Sunny front room; private.
PACIFIC. 912A — Furnlehed rooms to let
PAGE. 278— Two suites of furnished rooms;
every convenience.
PAGE. 553 — Two fine rooms to let '
PAGE. 1776^ — Two front, unfurnished rooms
and bath: gas.
PAGE. 1776^ — Three unfurnished rooms, with
kltch'n. - .
PAGE, 1776 — Sunny front room and kitchen;
rent, reasonable.
PERINE, 54. nr. Pierce— Nice room, for ladles
or gentlemen.
PERRY. 223— Rooms. to let
PERRY. 2C4-Room. to let.
BOOMS TO LST— rszB. and TTafura.
PIERCE. 24^J — Furnished room.
PINE, 106 — Furnished room.
PIXE. 72D — Furnished small roczn.
PINE. 732 — Furnished room.
PINE. 827. near, Powell— 1 large sunny room,
suitable for one or two: reasonable.
PIXE. 1319^ — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
PINE 1733. block "from Van Ness ave. — X*w-
ly furnished room; bath; phone; reasonable.
PINE 1735 — Close in: elegantly furnished, sun-
ny, electric light, phone, etc.; private family;
cheap
PINE. 2020^ — Rcom to rent.
POINT LOBOS ave.. 115 — Four sunny outside
rooms; gas and water; yard.
POINT LOBOS ave., 115 — Four sunny outsld*
rooms; cheap.
POLK 336 — Nicely furnished rooms; reascn-
able.'
POLK, 1402 — Two sunny, single rooms.
POLK, 1402— Two single rooms.
POLK, 1338 — Nicely furnished rooms and
suites. ____________________________
POST. 506— Furnished room to let.
POST. 836— Two _nf-rnl->ned rooms to fat
POST. 2377— Bright hall bedroom: stagte
gentloman preferred.
POTRERO AVE.. 1108%— Furnished room
to let. _________________
POTRERO avr. 1108»4— B*ur— s_«d »« ta
_-- 1
POWELL. 9 — Nicely furnished rooms.
THE Earl. 19 Powell— Elegantly farnlaasd
Vooms. 33c to $1 BO per night; «3 to «& pe-
week. .
POWELL. 203— Good fttrnlt-*- roo-UH d-Btial
POWELL, 208— Large front room to let.
POWELL. 413 — Sunny furnished rooms, r?.
$10 month; bath and gas.
POWELL, 932^ — Fcrnl-hed room.
POWELL. 1528— Rooms to r_nC
POWELL. 1902— Large unfurnish-d rcom to
•let at <6 month.
RAILROAD ave.. 124— Ona farnl»n«_ roan -
RAILROAD a*e., 1008. Alamad-— _ua_T fi-
nished -xx>ni. ____________»__-—___-_-
RINCON place, 34^ — Bunny room to let.
RITCH. 12 — Front room for rent
ROOM in private house: good board to b«
had on same block; cheap. Box 4120, Call.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room aad ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 33c to $1 SO; week. $3
to $a; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROOM in private house; good board to be
had on same block; cheap. Box 4120. Call.
ROSE place, 2— Furnished room to let
RUSS. 129— Furnished room.
SAN BRUNO ave.. 1421— Small furnished
room to let.
SANCHEZ. 36 — Furnished loom to let
SACRAMENTO, 1122A— Sunny room oa Nob
Hill for gentleman.
SACRAMENTO. 1301 — Rooms to let.
SANSOME. 621 — Nice furnlehed room to let.
SAX JOSE ave., 2217— Furnished rooms' to let.
SCOTT. 1733 — Nicely furnished room to let
SECOND. 223 — Furnished rooms to let.
SEVENTEENTH, 3739 — Rooms to tot.
SEVENTH. 323 — Furnished rooms to let.
SEVENTH. 429 — Furnished room.
SEVENTH. 1750 H. Oakland — Furnished rooms
for rent.
SHERIDAN. 43. cor. Tenth — Furnished room.
SHIPLEY. 318 — Furnished room.
SHOTWELL, 1159 — Room to rent-
SILVER. 122— Furnished room to let,
SILVER, 122 — Furnished room to let.
SILVER. 131 — Rooms to let. ' *\ ¦',- :
SIXTEENTH. 2S22 — Sunny furnished room for
one or two.
SIXTH. 221 — Furnished rooms, double and
single, also housekeeping; $1 60 up; SOo day.
SIXTH, 221 — Furnished rooms, double, and
single, also housekeeping; $1 50 up; 3Oc day.
SIXTH. 224 — Nice furnished room; fry r«ft-
¦onabl— .
SIXTH. 224 — Sunny front room; bath; gat,
etc.; $S per month. .
SIXTH. 314 — Furnished rooms.
SIXTH. 314 — Furnished rooms.
SIXTH. 406Vi — Single furnished front room;
sunny and clean; $0 a month; bath; private
family.
SMALL room, reasonable; private house: walk':
ing distance from Call; references; Box 4121.
Call offlce.
SOUTH PARK. 37 — Sunny, nicely furnished
room. -
SOUTH PARK, 109— Furnished front room to
let -
SOUTH PARK. 143 — Sunny front room.
STEINER. 1413— Newly furnished sunny room.
STEINER. 1413 — One unfurnished room.
STEVENSON. 341— F-rnUhed rooms.
STEVENSON. - C2O— Nice, furnished rooms 1
1 cheap rent. . *
STEVENSON. 631 — Furnished room to let
STEVENSON. 633— Nice sunny rooms.
STEVENSON. 630— Sunny furnished roam~for
two gentlemen.
STOCKTON. 41-45-Nlcely farniahed iunn-
front rooms, also single, $2 to $3 w«k.
STOCKTON. 1313— Roomer wanted.
STOCKTON. 1715—2 housekeeping rooms.
STOCKTON and Vallejo. 817— Bunny room.
SUTTER. 309 — Furnished rooms.
THE Larchmont 381 Butter— New hrtck bid*..
finely furnished; hot. eold water steam heit!
priv-ego to bams; $2 60 to $3 per wee-.
SL re7son-ble! 9 ~ TW ° '^ ¦«*»* rooms; "r«-t
SUTTER. 319— Elegantly furnished front room;
rent reasonable.
SUITER. 346— Newly furnished rooms.
SL Z!5 R '. 426 r Lar *V »«*>* rooms; running
12 BO « ",ek aC * : P ! °* W I*"-*"*!.**.
SUTTER. 426-Lar-, light rooms: nuntng
water; fireplace, phone; $2 aidlfS ! bo 55SlThe smallest coin in the worM hav-
IaS a genuine circulation i.i pr.vbably
t«.» Maltese "grain," a tiny fragment
of fctenze about as big arou.tj as the
tQi» of a slate , pjencil ' and liaviny a
valuV of only one-twelfth of a p**nuy.
From the Boston Standpoint.
The warmth of the West comes
mainly from her newness; because she
Is new she still has the roaring
cameraderie of the pioneer days when
frontiersmen looked to on? another not
only for companionship, but for de
fense against the hazards of a precari
ous existence which would have made
eyclusiveness well nigh suicidal.
Boston, on the other hand, long ago
outgrew her municipal baby clothes
and we have totally lost the pioneer
spirit that once was ours. The city
la built to stay and with It we also
stay unto the third and fourth genera
tion. Our friends flew kites with us»,
r*ad Virgil with us, came to our wed
dings and will lay wreaths on our
tombs- Indeed, we have, in the nat
ural course of things, rather more
friends than we think we needr so why
collect others. We do not lay siege
to one another, and we do not much
care to be besieged by others. It ia
not our game.— Alnslie's.
Trawls With 3000 Hooks Baited in
Day and Left Over-
N'lght.
Codflshing is done with dories and
trawls. The dorle3 are flat-bottomed
and sloping side boats, whrch fit into
one another in the shiD's waUt. eco
nomizing space. !..-•
Each dory takes two men. and the
whole crew, except the captain and
the cook gQ off in them every avail
able day and set the trawls In the
water outward from the ship, like
spokes from the hub of a wheel.
Trawls are long lines, each with 3000
hooks attached at Intervals of a yard.
every hook baited with some smaller
fish, either herring, caplln or squid,
that the cod affects. The trawls are
anchored, at each . end. baited in the
day, left lying overnight, and are
stripped of their accumulation of fish
next morning, being baited again when
"ovehauled."
The fish are taken to the vessels In
the dories, eviscerated, washed and
salted. TWs routine continues until
the bait Is exhausted, and then the
vessel returns home, lands the fish,
takes more bait and • salt and goes
out again. At St. Pierre her eatch Is
taken in hand by the gravlers and
women, who submerge it In their
crates until the salt has been washed
off. Then thev scrub each fish with a
hard, coarse brush and pile them in
heaps to drain. This done, they are
next spread on the beaches dry in
the sunlight and , air. The beaches
consist, of -several acres .of flat ground
HOW CODFISH -ARE CAUGHT
AROUND NEWFOUNDLAND
A certain large landowner In Rus
sia Is making a study of the migratory
hxbits of birds. To all those he can
capture he attaches a note in P.uasian.
German. French and English, asking
whoever may find or kill them to let
him know the country to which th«7
had flown.
Fierce Old Caged Lion . Recognizes
Mate's Cry For Help and
Releases Keeper.
An appealing cry for assistance, ut
tered by an African lion to Its mate
while fighting with several others of
Asiatic breed, saved the life of Caotam
Jack Bonlvita recently, when he was
attacked by Baltimore in a cage at
Coney Island. Captain Bonivlta. who Is
now a patient in the Brooklyn Hospital,
where the doctors are endeavoring to
save his hand, which was crushed and
poisoned by Baltimore's jaws, attri
butes bis escape, from death to the cry
which diverted Baltimore's attention.
On the night in July when Bonivlta
was attacked, he entered the cage with
no suspicion of unusual danger. The
animals were working well, although
they -were a trine fractious. The act
was going as usual until Baltimore.
who is old and always a bit ugly, began
wandering about the cage. Bonlvita
DO HABITUES OF JTTXGLE
HAVE SEPARATE DIALECTS?
covered with basalt stones worn round
by the motion of the sea for ages.
These stony fields surround St.
Pierre, and thousands of cod are dis
played there on a fine day. Every
evening, or if fog or rain threatens,
the fish are gathered up again and
covered with tarraullns. The process
is repeated until the fish are quite
dry and hard. Dry fish are piled In
round stacks, the rest In oblong opes.
When a sufficient quantity to load a
vessel is obtained It is packed Into
her hold and shipped to market. The
extent cf the codflshlng of Mlguelon
and St Pierre may be indicated by the
record of the catch of those islands In
1002, which was 73.500,000 pounds. —
Bocklovers' Magazine.
cracked his whip at the brute, and
turned his attention to driving the
beast back to his place In line with
his comrades.
Baltimore with sullen obedience slunk
along the edge of the cage followed by
his master and the dreaded whirx Sud
denly the lion turned, and leaoir.^
upon Bonlvlta. drove him to the bars.
Instinctively, when attacked. Bonlvita
threw up his whip arm to protect b!a
throat. Baltimore's jaws fastened uson
his hand and the lion's teeth sank Into
bis flesh, crushing the bones.
Bonivtta was powerful. Ptnioned to
the bars he could not tear himself free
without sacrificing; his hand, and
throwing himself open to even greater
danger. He could only stand facing tha
lion and await the brute's next move.
Suddenly the hippodrome ransr with
a pierctcs roar. A Cght had started
among the other lions while Bonlvlt«i
was occupied with Baltimore's attack.
Two Asiatics had attacked Baltimore's
mate, an African Hon. and the latter
called for help. Baltimore looked for
a moment into his master's eyes, .then
turned his head toward his mate.
Dropping Bonivlta's hand, he rushed
to his mate's assistance, and Bonivita's
life was saved.
. Captain Bonlvlta Is Cm in the belief
that it was that cry for assistance that
saved his life, and he is equally certain
that Baltimore's response to the aooeal
has established beyond a doubt the,
existence not only of a lan^ua^e of the
lions, but of a patois spoken in African
jangles, that Is not understood by the
Asiatics.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
53
BOO3ES TO L£7 — Pcra. and TJnfuia-
•-" '.'. ;-;R. 717 — Susay frcst cr back room:
rgmfng water; g ratcotes' walk tewn; reas.
fcUTTER. SSI— 2 sw»H f~>nt rooms, nicely fur-
nishcJ; ccciectlag kitchen, bath; phoae.
Sea?.
""ll'j-.R. 1?S3 — Sunny roctn to let.
:-;lR. 23.72— Sur.ny suite in modern cot-
'-Affe: gaa. bath; reasccable.
2C3"-,— Ilccms to let.
TAT LOR. ICG— gun=r furnished rocm.
~ATLOR. 135 — Ftiralshed rc^rss to let.
T.VTLOIt, 123. near E4iy — Rooms to l»t-
TAYLOR. 2O — Furnished rooci to let.
TXTUOS. EU — tunny front rrjoia; ha* r***
U»t£; - ger;t» cr married couple: $10.
T.vYICR. E1I3 — Handsctae. sunny rocrn; suit-
af.* for 2; $10; n:=sia» water, bath. gaa.
74.TXJ0&. TOG, cr. Sutter — Nlc* sunny, tir.
iroz.i roca; porch; gariea; $11 month.
TJTHAMa. g3 — FTim jhel rocm to let.
1HHAMA. 154 — PMraiafecfl roocs to it.
TEHAMA. 158— Fttmishad roctas,
TEEaMa, 1TO — Furnished rocxa to let.
TEH AM A. 207 — Nlc« eusrry rocn ta let.
TS1A51A. 213*3— Nicely furnished roca ta
It.
>tJiAMA. 2Z3^— Niee furnished rooo> eaeap.
TEHA3CA, J13— Tursisiiet: rocaa to let.
TSHA3CA. ST5— Nice ssaay boosekcepiag
room*.
TEHAMA, 230— Su-=y front room to let.
TENTH. IT3 — Fumleied rxax.
TtS i U." 13e3 — Fcrclshed roora to let.
THZ 5T. KATHRTIf. CORNER EZXJS AJ«T>
LEA\-ENTVCRTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
6UNN1EST RC¥DMS IN THE CITY; NSW
6ANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERT
¦MCLEE;: CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOa
ALL HOURS; ROOM5 FROM S3 WXEX.
THlRi>. 73. near Market— Nice furnished
roo=«.
THIRr>. 7B— rsrrisa*4 rocsns.
TH3RT>, 87— Fnrr^Iied rocca to l«t; central
l3cat:on.
THrRD. 108 — Hocin ta let.
THIRD. 119— F'smsheti roc=a ta lat.
THIRD. 2S5.— R?oci to '.et.
THinT 1 , 31*— Nicely furci»sed rootsa.
THIRI>, 315 — fmi.UftHi rooms.
TKIRT>. 441— rumlsted roetsa.
THIRD. 344^» — Fur^lebed rocca.
TliIHTSENTH. ITJ. Tiear Howard — Back p*x-
|«r :>r rest; «7. w.th c*±. '
Tliir.TEENTH. 2CS — Nice furslshed roca; rea-
5 -.a Die.
3H|»Hr " >CTH r 2W. bet. Mi?a«-!n a»S Hewarf
3 iur.ry ani ormfonab'.e roods; ooaveaia^t
to car Uaea; reaaocabie. ___^
THIRD. »:<5t EJiat— P-~x.-r=s f^r rect-
"*.r-.v. 8.V*-, -*•• — . jm.Sf*.e J i - 'J.U.
T'.-RIC. 11- — Large furctshed rocax.
TUP-K. 323 Siajcle a=d dccble furelshei
rooms; private its" y.
T'T.K. k 10 Fimiahed rccms to let.
• • ' ?.:< <:>— 7'-z~z:*-t!i rocs, bath, fh:n<!.
r-j.3: $* r«*r rr.onth.
IT f< fc- I12? 1 - Three nice uaf'^misiied room".
ft» a p ir> adults, with excer* 1^ 11 * 1 separate
eoevcslegcgg. '
TURS. 121>-^I r< "-rc;S"e < i ir&ct n>cta: $16.
TUKiC. 1<^>— F-crr,ith*d rccs^s.
WJLXIXD — G«ctlemjLn rocsser Zcr parior. 3C3O
Tw*n--etii St.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33C7— 1 gent's furnished
rxrr. la 5ii*»i<:i wars belt.
rvr-r-i frrvTES :23 E<5iy. Bear Slarket— 400
ric-^2 35c to »: RlSfet Jl 73 to K week; elec-
tric iJgst* 'ro ga*/. rennins; water in every
rsc=; ateivttc r«*a- -rooci: fre« bus, baggage.
VALENCIA. 191— Two large, tcrsy roens,
well rurr-ished: r*s ani bath; rent $15.
VALENCIA. 2I>— Large suar.y room; Frt^«-'«
fasiily. Call Sundays cr eveniegs.
. r xr Vt^I \ 3Z*y Nicely furnished rocm to let.
Va'-ENCU. C23 — Fu-r-ished roctss.
VAL£NCIA. 623— F>rr.:»he<l rocia V> let.
VALENCIA. &CI'-j— Ttacin to rent.
VALI.VIA. 1318 — Suncy rooci. *
VALENCTA. 15134— A room t^ rent. j-
VAN' NESS a*e.. n2O — Nicely furnished outside
r-jorr:: fftctleicea: 110.
-.AN NES3 ave.. 417 — Ligfct clean basement
rocr=; $5 per month- ."¦':__
V.«N NESS ave., 11 CO— Furaished rocais to letr
Asa r.f-ir'-bcrhoed^ __^
VAN NE-^S ave.. 3»:19— Upper Ccor; grates,
Jj-iti. mater: flr.e view; adults cn!y; no tsi-
Ci!i': refer«ir-:ey; IIS.
VALLEJO. 717s~— Nicety furnished roocia.
V>LI-EJO. SCfJ— Farr.:saed roorss; reascaabl*.
VALLEJO. £11— Nicely furnished rooia.
vhrjCSJ^'v'ar*. 14— A lanr* famished front
- am; suitable fcr 2 jertlesiea.
V.ALLKri. 141 — Faramfcgd tcctb.
W^.*HIxaTON ave.. 13. bet. »Oi and 10th.
Uuward and Miaalca — fc v umished rocms.
WEJ3STER. «=12— FurBtsfced roora-
v.'h'Ii'.-'TnR. 13-2 — Nicely furnished front room;
r*a.!Krr:ab!e : lady cr gentleman.
V.-KESTES, 133S — Frxraisfced room for young
=^a-
¦ - •
WPTKSTER." 1V5O— PuTir.y furnished room; bath.
tv FCPTER. 2lO"J — Sunay furnished room to
le«.
WTNCKrETER KoteL 44 3d st.. aear Uarkst—
Mosf ecnfer-lent as3 respe-^afcle : 700 rooais:
22c to |1'5«> nlrntly; $2 to S3 wt«k; tlerator;
e.ec. lights: r»adlng-rocia; fre« b^s; bagT*g*-
Hcus». ccr. Sixth and Howard — Chele*
furctifted rcrxT* tor 15e per night, up; «U-
gsr.t translest roers*. M>c per eight.
A!">VF.nTT£EMENT5. «ub»crlpUcr.« received at
Call Branch effie*. ccr. Duncan & Charca sts,
A~3RANCH efzee of The Call for the recep-
tlcn cf * 1- -">--.»-•! and subscriptions has
been cp*s*d st IOCS Market at., •pscstta
F:rth. Cyn cr.tH 11 p m.
SOOXS AST) BOASO WAITTED.
A— WANT M3r.<iay for taotaer as<! tfacrttsr
rxa and boari; $43 two; tosiellkt bath.
Bex «S*i. Call.
WANTZI>— Three rooss. famished or eafam-
lsatd. with buart; private f aailly . cesfred •
three adalts. Box 4<Jg. Call offlce. .
¦ gooats wajttzp.
SMALL tunny rt?t;nj, with clothes closet, by
single gestieBias; north Market. Box S3-)
CaU cfsce.
¦WANTED— rTwo r^rnisbed rooms for h<3uae-
fKr-:r.f. r.-rth cf Market- Box 843. CaiL
WANTED — Ucruralsied rocai. Box i*T. Call
BOoara^Ajro jBOAgp.
HAIGHT. 1458 — Laixe sunny bay-window
rcom, running water; beard optional; prj-
Tate family. • .• ••
NICE sunsy front mem. with or without
bounJ. for f/ectlemen. 317i Twenty -:our-«
ft . rear Howard.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 10.11. near Je?TT5-.n
Park — Sunny rooms; bath; private bud**:
(20-933; 2. *32-H^ month.
s-LNNY tuniatH treat toco, fcr one cr i*j
F<r.Tl«mn. with breakfast. Apply 135J V.'tb-
st.
BOARD without r-i-iras. 5S0 Valencia st.
CALIFORNIA. 12S0 — Rocm and bcerl; homi
cooklnr-
COMOR.V (The), ezi O'Farrell— Lar«;e grcunJ.i.
sur.ny rooms; superior tabie; reasonable rates.
ELLIS. 814 — Sur.r.y front rocm and board.
ELLIS. 14-TC — Rooms to let; sunny, cheerful
and reasonable; board If d*s!r»d.
FURNISHED rocms, with board. 330 Tehama
street.
GENTLEMAN to rocra and board; $20 month;
home cemfcrts. 16*) Mission st.
GUERRERO. Ill — Sunny rooms, with rood
beard; very reasonable.
OTARRELL. 1433— Rooms and board; home
comforts; convenient cars: Jewish family.
EI.I.T5, 4S3 — Nice furnished rooms, with very
b^st French table board.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rocms. table and
service in th« city for the l*aat money.
EAIGHT, 332 — Larc* •¦sr.r.y raite; runnins
water: grate: ««cond floor: corner hons«.
HOTVaRD. MIA — Pirst-cUss board and rocra.
single er docbl*. S3 week"; American family.
LARGE fr-nt rarlor. tu'.tatle fcr f^"> re=tle-
r.ec. with rood board; |T;0 ma 1133 Turi.
LARGE double room, with board far two; $50;
hat wster. 3C6 Leavenworth st.
NXNETBSNTH. 3«31 — Furnished rcom. with
or without board.
ROOM ar-1 board ia French family! 172S Sat-
ter it.
TTTRK. 1161— Rooms with board.
•WASHINGTON. 161*— Haruiscme. newly *ur.
pe-r. auite; ainsie reoens; conv.; exc. table.
WANTEIV- Wcrklns j^rl to board and room
in rr.vate farr.ity. 021 Jackson St.; rear.
soorryp.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid and
repaired; low prices; all wcrk guarantee?.
Chlcaro Roofins; Company. F. HERRMANN.
Manager. «C«J Seecnd at.
EA3TAT0BXTJM.
CONROT Sarjiortani and Maternity Hcepita!.
2312 Sarrarr.crito St.; very reasonable.
sr w u & »L&cgrsrsAirD i st liVLira.
AT.r. cuct; 24 hind. fZ. *3. $7. $3; new. JI.J.S;
drop beads. 3 drawer, roiien c«k. $15; renteJ.
r«pair*d; lowest rates. NaUcr.al Automat. c
g. M. Ci.. 14* Berth St.; tel. Jessii w7jt5.
DOMESTIC — The machine fcr family \^e: best
is cheapest: seccr-d-hazd aJl maies at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tie of2c«. 1C21 Market St.. near Sixth.
LOCK stitch and automatic; The White Grir.i:
two marhire-s in cne; at the new r»tail cf-
tlces cf TEE WHITE CO.. 315 Markn ST-
ALL klr.* s second-liasd K. |3. $S: slishtiy
used J10. $15. 120: you know ivi:ere the dalls
•wins; in th« wln.iow. 1C51 Mark't st.
Ai-L ltlr..!s bcufrr.t. eclti ard repairing; irjaran-
te*d. CHAS. PLAMEECK. 1315 Mission.
"I* »JO^r!;TJ 0<J,-3 '*3CJ a q^u-s-a; tr^O J* £a±;~3*i
mondl--iSC.n« pg< t;u»ni»»TUaApJ OJIib'jY'I.I
STOEiGr A3Tt> "STABXEOCSES.
A^EMPO RI UM Stcraye & Van Co.: furniture.
hcu«efeold ccods «tor*d. nievwi. sbiped. 753-
T31 Howard «t-. pr. Third: phone Craat 18L
CAPITAL Van aEd S:ora#e Co.. 3 Eddy ct.:
pboaa MlntSWl: JOHN F. CCOPER. pw:
furniture moved. Facied. s^.^:pe<1 and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH SUra^re i Moving Co.. of-
fice Pest aad Pcwell sts.: tfL Pri. Ex. oil.
CONKLIN'S Etaraa-* — F\irEirar* anil r=erchaa-
Cit*. S33 Goldea Gate it-, j pioc« Eut 123.
PACIFIC 5tormr« *=d Furniture Moving Ce™-
EC=y. 2320 Flllrncn? St.; phcr-e Jackson rs..
EEKINS Van and Frorsjr* Co.. 11 Mont-^nwry
¦t. : t»i. Main !*+?> Stlpcl^s; at cut ratei.
stop Dsrsrxrso.
GUARANTEED cure; *en4 50c: tablet form
mailed is plain package: ha» enr*4 thcu-
r a-.£?. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Eayward blJg.. S- F.
PrVTDEHP KOnCES.
DIVIDEND r.otice — Claremont Oil Comnacy on
I>c. 1, !S«>4 will pay a divid*wl (No. K).
anour.ltj to <1SCO e^ua! to lc per share
on its Issued capital stock. Transfer bookn
cioee Friiav. Nov. 23. 1*0*. at j p. ra.. pay-
able at company's effice. rocm 731. Mt.ls
blijr. San Francisco. GEO. J. REMING-
TON.' Secretary.
L^CAi UOTICXS.
NOTICE is h-'reby tiven that tha Mission
Hotel Bar PH'II" B. Gamma, prcprietor. at
33ii5 and 33U9 Mission St.. has chansM
hands; all bills must be presented Inside of
3 days frcm date." November 13. 13<H-
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
bom* treatment: booklet free; write for it.
VIAVT CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
STUTTgrBTTT'* ASS STAM2HSSZSQ.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market.
cares: estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
»LARIUAGE LJCO'SES.
Tne folio win* xcarrtage licenses wer« lssiied
yesterday:
William L. C.ark, 21. Vallejo. and May E.
La<il IS. Vallejo.
WilhelTn Andre. 44. 1359 Minna street, and
Mariana SrntlUny. 2«. 3574 Minna sue-t.
William J. PUremann, 'Si, «52S Grove etreet.
and Josephine C Budde. 27. 146« Page street.
Paolo Pelll, 30. Camp Taylor, and Eleanor
Alberts!. 13, Cama Taylor.
rcl Guichot 41. 34215 Seventeenth street.
and' MadeUine Carrere. ». 1471 Howard street
Louis Meruit. 22. 14.12 .Powell etreet.
Anr.le Burr*. 19. "12 Powell street
Edward J. Carragii-r. 46. Sacramento, and
3£a*v J Hanl«y. 39. San Joee.
Herni' F. Jaegelln & 35. 1S33 Fifteenth St..
and Mime Laughrtn, 20. O'Farreir st.
Dcn-erj£o Erusco, 27. Twelve-Mile House.
and MarU Merlow. 1*. Injleside
Fre<ierirk M. Omplxll, 21. Oakland. ! and
H«ShM L. Walker. 21. Philadelphia, Pa
Giuaeppe Furla. 42. Santa R:sa. and Maria
Antcnini. 4S. Santa Rosa..
Luigi Fcgliottl. 31, 504 Union street, and
Rctia F«rr->. W. 5C4 Ur.lcn street.
Geons* E. Mc'Grew. 23, 7C3 Stockton street,
and Frarces M White. 19. 3CS Third st.
Charles A. Graves. 2t. Oakland, and Beatrice
Ehaw. 19 450 Haight street.
Gtovacabapptista Allcto. 27. 1041 Montgomery
ave.. and Rosi Caleco. 18. 10*i Franclfco st.
BIRTHS— MAEE1AGS3— DEATHS.
Birth, marriags and death notices sent by
trail will not be insertsd. They must be handed
la at either of the otibiicatton offices and b«
indented with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized ta have the unit published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published cr.ee in this column
free r.t charge.
BOR.V.
ADAM!— la this; ctty. November 9, 1304, to
the wife cf Henry F. Afiami. a son.
ANDERSON— In this city. October 23. 1304,
ta the wire of James Anderson, a son.
BAGALA— In this city. October 11. 19C4, to
the wife uf O. Bagala, a son.
BROWELL — In this city. November 4. 1304.
to the wlf« of Robert Browell. . a daughter.
EDWARDS — In this city. November 6, 1904,
to the wlf« of George W. Edwards, a sen.
FEDERSPIEL— In this elty. November 10,
1904, to the wife cf S. Federsplel. a son-
FOLLETT— In this city. October SS, 1304. to
the wife of Edwin E. Follett. a daughter.
PX'RET— In this city. November 7. 1304. to
th« wife of Andrew C. Tur^y, a daughter.
GODSIL— In this city, to the wife of Harry
GcdfiL » « co -
MACHEN— la this dty. November 0. 1904,
to ts* wlfs of B- J. Machen. a son.
McCAW— la th!» city. November 7. 13C4. to
the wU« cf W. N. McCaw. a daughter.
McDEVITT— Ia this city. November 7. 1904, to
the wlf* of J. r*. MoDevltt, a. aon.
MILLER— Ia this city. November 11. 1304. to
the wife cf William . F. Miller, a son. .
MURPHY— Ia Bcuth Berkeley. CaL. Novem-
ber 10. 1904. ta tn« wlia at John J. Murphy,
- a daurbler.
6OLLMAN— Ia this dty r November 8, 190*.
to the wife of Tbeo. W. gollman. a daughter.
ECHOENE — In this city. Nerember «. 1904)
ta the wlf* of Charles Echoene. a daughter.
TTOLPMAN— In this eity. November 2. I9C4,
ta tie wife of Harry D. Worpnsan. a son. ,
MARKIED. r.X ¦¦''-£- ,
EOVTER— JOHNSTON— In this city. Novem-
ber 10. 1304, by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford, j
Clayton C. Bovyer and Mabel E. Johnstcn,
bcth of this city.
CfLBERTSOX— ZUERNER— In this city, No-
vember T. 10C4, by the Rev. Frank Stuart
Ford. Walter D. Culbertson and Lottie
Xeuma Zuerner, both of Oakland. Cal.
;'ORBES — SPEETZEN — In Holy Innocents'
Church, en October 2tt. 1904. by the Rev.
Henry B. Collier, Francis A. Forbes and
Katharine Matilda Syeetzen. i
IIEITMANN— SCHNEIDER— In this city, Nc- ,
veraber 10. 1304. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Dietrich Heitmann and Dora Schneider.
IIYNES— McALISTER— In this city, at St.
ilary » Church, by th« Rev. Father Wyman.
Jc-hn J. Hynea and Emma L. McAllster.
MORRIS — GARDNER— In this city. November
11. 19o4. by the Rev. T. M. Boyd. assisted
by the Rev. J. A. Hollars. William J. Mor-
ris and Caroline M. Gardner.
RIVER— MVELLER— In this city, November
5. 13O4, by the Rev. J. Fuandelins;. Augxiat
Cannell River and Louise Mueller.
ROSENBROCK— GRIFFIN— In this city. No-
vember 9, 1904, by the Rev. J. Fuendelisff,
William H. Rosccbrock and Charlotte Griffin.
SULLIVAN— TOUHILL— In Santa Clara. Cal.,
November 0, 1904. at St. Claire' o Church,
by the Rev. Father Kenna ¦ S. J., R. J.
Sunivan of San Joee and NelUe Josephine
Touhill of £an Francisco.
Brown. Jefferson C Knibb. Henry
Bulottl. Angelica O"Donnell. Thomas
Calisher, Fanny Peehner, Caroline
Chabot, Mary A. Pfarrer. Anna. Mary
Ccrccran, Thomas Pust (infant)
Curiey, Bridget Qulnn. Nathaniel P.
Dieker, Gerhard H. Rodders, Elenore
Doehrin*. Chas F. Russell. Mary
Ferris. John E. Scheithe Jacob
Galllard, Zoeltna M. Spicer. Georya
Garren. Lcuia Steele. Hannah
Gilfether, Owen Sullivan. Johanna.
Gogrin. Charles F. ThorD. Paris B.
Granfleid. M. L. Tonner. Ferdinand
Grt'fln. Abrena. J. Ubhaus. Frank
Groan, David Weber, Julius
Guerrero. Doherty Weber, Mary T.
Hanna. Kate Weber. Bertha E.
Harkins, Katherlne Weber, Chester E.
BROWN— In this city November B 1304. Jef-
ferson C. Brown. A member of Painters'
Union Local 10.
<LJ Notice of funeral hereafter.
BULOTTI— In this city Ncveniber 11. 13C4,
Angelica, dearly beloved wife of Louis^ Bu-
lotti, and mother of Alva, Georye and thi
late Flora Bulcttl. a native of Switzerland,
a*s.i 41 y*ars 11 montha and 20 days. \
(dTFrlenila and acquaintances art respect- I
fnlly invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of !
Carew A Er.?!!»h, :*> Van Nesa avenue. Re- ;
mains will be forwarded to St. Helena on ;
th<« 4 o'clock train Sunday afternoon. In-
t»rinent will take at St.. Helena Mon-
day. November 14. at 1 o'clock p. m.
CALISHER— In Berkeley November 10. 1004
Fanny Calisher. imlovid mother of Mrs.
Minnie Forman. Mrs. K H. Flood and. Da-
vi<:, Vic. Jce. Harry. Daisy, Walter and
EdJie Caiisher, a native of England
(CFrtends and acquaintances art respect-
fully invited u attend the funeral services
to-day tSun<iay>, at 3 p. m.. a', her late
residence. 112^4 Golden Gate avenue be-
tween Buchanan and Webster streets.' In-
terment private.
CHABOT— In Oakland. Cal.. November 12*
VJ>j4, at her late r*sid»no». 104 East Fif- !
teenth str-eet. ilary A., wife of the late !
Ar.thcr.y Chabot, a native of Massachusetts. !
1ET Notice of funeral hereafter.
CORCORAN— Ia Santa Cruz. Cal. November!
12, 1jC4. Thomas Corcoran, beloved father i
w alt J Corcoran, Mrs. John Carroll !
and Mrs. Charles McMurray, a native cf i
I T^ d - aged Tf5 y* ar » ar «l 11 months.
IC7>rienda and acquaintances are respect-
rully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at a:.io a. m.. at his late resi-
dence. Linden Read, Stockton, thence to
St Mary's Church, where a requiem mass i
win be celebrated for th« repose of his soul. I
CURLET— In tfcia city, November 10. 1904.
Bridget Curiey. beloved wife of the late !
\v uiiaa Curltiy, and loving mother of !
Themes P., Martin J., Mary D., NelUe F. I
aad the late J. W. Curiey, a. native at i
Ccunty Rosccmmon. IreUnd. aged 7S years. !
Z-T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow >
• Monday), at 9 a. m., from her lat« resl-
Ocace, southwest corner cf Baker and Fil-
Dert street*, ther.ce to SL Vincent <5« Paul's 1
Church, where a solemn requiem hig-h mass ;
win t-e celebrate.! far the repose of her soul !
commencing at 3:30 a. m. Interment Hokd
Cross Cemetery.. I
DIEKER- In Stockton, Cal.. November 11
U»t, Gerhard Henry, dearly beloved hus-
band cf Mary Dieker. and loving father of
Llille, Henry. Geerge. Annie and Frank j
Dieker. a r.ative of Germany, aged 40 years
10 montha and 30 days.
C" Friends and acquaintances are respeci- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day !
CSunday*. at 2:30 p. m., fr«m the parlors!
of H. F. Sufcr & Co.. 1137 Mission street. '
between seventh and Eighth, where servic«s i
will be held under the auspices of Court S. \
F. No. 7 Foresters of America. . Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. :
DOEHRING — In this city, November 11, 1904 '
at his residence. 2CS Scott street, corner of !
Halsht, Charles F., dearly beloved hushand ¦
of Hannah Doihrinz, a native cf Prussia
Germany, aged Z'J y«ara 10 months and l<i
days.
E7" Friends .and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to. attend the servlcss to-
day i Sunday), at 1 p. m.. at the parlor* of
II. F. Suhr A Co., 1137 Mission street, b*-
tw»«n Seventh and Eljehth. Interment prt-
rat*. Flcace omit flower?.
FERiUS — In, this city, November 9, 13O4. '
Jocn E.. beloved fiusdan.l of Nellie F«rr!» ¦
and lov'.rjr wn of David and Kate Fv'rrij! :
and brother cf T. A. Ferris cf New Mexico !
a native cf. Wisconsin, aged :£ y*ars. A
member cf Golden Gate Aerie No tl v i
o. e. * :
EVFr'.endi and aojoai-uanci-s are r-spert- ''
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday. |
November 13. at 0:15 a. m.. from the par- •
lors of iicFadi-rP.. McBrearty 4k Green. 1171 i
Mission street, tetween Seventh and Eighth,
ther.ce to St. Mary's Church iFaullst
FBtktn). where services will be held at 10 ]
a. ra. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GAILLARD — In this city. November 12. 1304, j
Zcellna. M.. wife of Albert Gaillard, a na-
tive of New Orleans.
GARREN — Friends and acquaintances are re- \
spectfully invited to attend the dedication
of the monument of the late Louis Garren
beloved husband of Hannah Garren. *nd
lovms; father cf Morris. David. B«nja:nln
and Leslie E. Garrea. Mrs. Minnie Rubin
and Mrs. Esther Offenbach, on Sunday. No-
vember 13. at 2 p. m., at Salem Cemetery.
San Mateo.
GILKtTHER— In this city. November 12. 1804
Owen, dearly beloved husband of Julia Gil- •
fether. dearly beloved father of Frank J.
ar.d Gua J. Gilfether and Mrs. J. CalU«han.
and brother of Frank. Daniel. Thomas and
Margaret Gilfrther. a native of Boston
Mass.. ased 64 years 11 months and 13 day».
C7Fri«nd.i and acquaintances are respect-
fuily Invited to attend the funerai to-morrow
( Monday >. at S:JO a. m.. from his late
residence. 110 California avenue, thence tu
St. i-aul's Church. where a requiem
hi«h ew will be celebrated for the repow
of his soul, at 9 a. a.' Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GOGGIN— I ¦ this city, November 12. 1904
Charles F., infant son cf Charles and Mary
Gcsiin. a native of San Francisco, ased 7
months.
GRANFIELD— In this ctty. November 1"
1004. at the residence of his parents 27
Chesley street. Matthew L.. beloved son of
Mary aad William L. Granfletd. brother of
Madeline and the late William R. Gran-
field. and s^-andson of William and the late
Jennie Granfield and Jeremiah and Mary
Dillcn. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 3 months.
ETNotice cf funeral hereafter.
GRIFFIN — In this city, November 9 1904,
Abrena Jane, beloved wife of Clifford C
Griffin, lavlcj; daughter cf Captain J. J.
arvl the Late Josephine Murray and sister
of Marguerite. Fred. Arthur. Louis and Join
Murray and Mrs. Charles H1U. a native of
Nova Scotia, Canada, ased 2S years 4
months and 5 days. Ciova Scotia paccra
pl«ase copy.)
CFrtends and acquaintances are rtspeet-
folly Invited t.j attend tho funeral tj-iay
< Sunday), at 2 p. m.. from the parlors of
McFaiden. McBrearty & Creen 1171 MUs.on
street, between Seventh and Eighth Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CRUSH— In this city, November 9 1904
David, beloy* husband of Isabella 'Crush'
• nd father cf Clarence. William aad Ethei
Grush ar.d Mrs. C. H. Hatch and Mrs. J.
Callahan of Seattle, a native of Ohio, a>«d
73 y*ars 4 months and fi days. A member
of Piledrtvers- and Bridie Structural Iron
Workers' Union, Local No. T7.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
November 13, at 1:30 o- m.. from the car-
Icrs of 3IcFadden. MtBrearty &. Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth
Interment Cypre«« Lawn Cemetery.
GUERRERO — In this dty. November 1- I'm*
Doherty, beloved child of Patrick *~A
Sussie Guerrero, and sister of Roy h Urn*.
B.. Loretta F. and Charley Ouerfero;' a na!
tlv* of San Francisco. a*ed J month, and
HENRY J, CA'-LACHE:? CO^
(Successors to Flannaran 4b Gallarhcri
DANIEL P. DONOVAN M«r
FCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st, opposite Lincoln SchooL
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKBRS.
. Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Tempts
NOW at 6C6 MISSION. TeL South 187
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth ¦t.
Finest Equipments at Moderau Rates.
F. J. Monahan. Manarer. TeL Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EilBALilERS.
ZiM-ZZU Mission at., near N!a«t«eaca, .
San Francisco.
jjjSiiJiiiiBffiiiiiiliii
* ¦ * ** * '* * -^jfa*te^P*T¥nfit^aO!l'^^s8P^^ jt^m^^BtiwmIi^ l^ t * j-3^^^fig^*»?^* r^ lj > ityj^jjT^ jStF A 'FM^i - ' t * § *¦' *t
i-.« ¦: ¦¦•.¦'¦-¦^ {•,¦:—-- ¦ >¦ - s isfifi^*^ ' ¦'•—.- +-*•-. >r* ~*% x <¦¦¦ ->**> w '-'•^^T^3BsiJpg3i > HBB5wy^^wor^'^^js35^r.y*'' *^?^^S^.' ts^s^*p s S*BTir < *«'^<
¦ j ¦ . ¦ T *"¦' «» *. ¦ '.¦ - • '^p^MBt^^^BtjB^^B3CiZ^CTtBiib^L^feJ^^^^^fc3!y£A3^H^fcc^M^j<ty *¦"*¦ *** ¦ '¦'.-' ' '¦ v """/ i **jK%5Sp sfrSttif ""•-• ' * * - *V* jSpy '^^t^unwJSr • 3BhSt
k iB?jKS9lS&sSflH^svH^Wu^^?^lH^^^B^B^vS«S^Q^uBisU^P^t " ' ¦* ' S jTV^vjMsi jSS^3^^W B^C**3bP *'^SBigWiL^f jBfcC
The girls we love is the text of this article — the most beantifal eirls ia
the world to our eyes. They have more grace, more charm, more sod,
more womanliness than all the women in the world. Artists have paint-
ed them as they saw them. We have our own ideals, which may be dif-
ferent, may be more or less lovely ta other men; but they are ideals for
which we straggle strenuously.
Bryson has his ideal. She is very piquant. We admit her charm. We
admit her loveliness. And then we say in this er that feature she lacks
the stroerlative charm of one woman. What we find lacking in Brvson's
portrait or Gibson's portrait, or Strauss* portrait of the American Girl,
the artist may not consider worth while.' He may say: **Yes, she lacks
just THAT, but she has THIS."
It is that difference in taste which allows so much happiness in the
world. We don't all want the same American GirL There are American
Beauties which satisfy every taste.
Some are strong, fearless creatures, full cf life and daring. Others are
slighter, more gentle and not as fond cf events.. Others are home keep-
• ing, housewifely creatures.
Not too bright or good v
For human nature's daily food.
Some are gay and winsome, dependent, alluring, frivolous. But of
whatever land, we know that the variety — American beauties — is best.
See Bryson's ideaL It is a painting of a lovely girl just budded into
womanhood. She is full cf life and sparkle. All the glad days lie before
her; she does not consider the many happy days that have passed. They
have clothed her with gayety. That was their oSce. She glances at us over
a bouquet of rich red roses from which she has lifted her flower-like face.
We will not forget the American beauty who is nearer and dearer ia
earing with admiration on this face.
We stop cnlv at the call of beauty and wish to possess only the pic-
ture of such loveliness.
That is whv everv one will be elad to have the art picture, in many
colors, which The Call will give to all of its readers next Sunday — a faith-
ful copy in tone, drawing and COLOR of Bryson's idea of the American
girL •
ORDER NOW
Your news dealer will be overwhelmed with orders when the sample
copies cf this picture are displayed by him, and unless you get your name
on his books early he may be unable to supply you with a copy of the
art picture and the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
BANNA- Ia this city, November 10. 1004. Kato
Hanna. wire of Robert "Jr Hanna, a.' native
of California. ag«d 38 years. |
ET'Frtends aad acquaintances are respect- ;
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. ra., from the mortuary ;
chap«l of Julius S. Godeau. 306 Montgomery
av«nue. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARKIN8— In this city. November 12. 1904,
Katherlne, beloved wife of J. L. Harklns,
and mother of Daniel, Charles, William and
Mamie Traphecan. and Edward and Helen ,
Karklns. a native of Ohio, aged 49 years
4 months and 8 days.
KN'IBB— In this city, November 8. 1S04.
Henry Knlbb. beloved brother cf T. and i
Daalel Knlbb. Mrs. Anna Rootham. Mrs.
Mary Lendram and Mrs. Amy Robertson, a
native of Enzland, ared 61 years. . . *
(£7 Friends sV.ii acquaintances ara respect- ;
felly invited to attend the fua«ral Sunday.
November 13. at 1 p. ra., from the parlors
of Bunker A Lunt. 266A Mlislon street, be.
tweea Twenty-second and Twenty-third
(Mission Masonic Temrlt), under th<j aus-
pices of Court Occidental No. 6673, A, O. F.
Interment Mount Olivet Csmettry. via elec-
tric funeral car from Thirtieth street and
£an Jos« avenue.
Officers and members cf Court Occidental
No. eC76, A. O. F.. axa requested to attend i
the fnneral of our lat* brother, Henry ,
Knibb, Sunday, at 1 p. m. <
W. W. WILLIS. C. R- i
GEORGE FRIEDMAN. F. 8.
O'DONXELL— In this city. November 10. 1904.
Thomas O'Dcnaell, beloved brother of Mrs.
E. Jaccbson, and uncle of Edward and
Thomas McHale. a native of County Done-
Sal. Ireland, aged 47 years 11 months and 24 ;
days.
£7Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
tolly invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Sunday), at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors of ;
J. C. O'Connor 3c Co., T67 Mission etreet. ,
taence to St. Brendan's Church for services
at 10 a- m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. :
PECHNER— In Leipzig-, Germany, November
9, 1804. Caroline Pechner, relict of th« late
Robert B. Pechner. and dearly beloved and
devoted mother of Mrs. LT H. Levy, Henry ,
J. Pechner, Hyman V>. Pechner, Mn. H. il :
Klein of Los Anseles. Mrs. W. O. Ogle of :
Oregon and Jennie Pechner, and aUter of
Alfred Auerbach and the late Louis Auer-
bach, a native of Austria, aged 40 years.
PFARRER— Ia this city. November 12, 1904,
Aaaa Mary, beloved wife of. the late Bene-
dict Pfarrer. and mother of Alt»x R. and
Charles Th«o. Pfarrer. a native of Switz-
erland, aged £S years 7 months and 19 days.
!C7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Tuesday, November 15, at 1:30 p. m. , at
the residence of her son, 3314 Twenty-nrst
street, between Dolores and Church. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
PUST— In this city. November 12. 1304. be-
loved infant dauchter of Featus and Mar-
garet Air.ella Puit, a native of San Fran-
ctsco, Cal.. aged 1 day. .
QUXNR — In this city. November 10. 1904.
Nathaniel P., beloved husband of Christina
M. Qulnn, ar^ son of Mrs. Jcha McKtnnon,
and brother of Edward W., Charles L.,
'PhlMp F. and the late George W. Quinn,
a native of B*nicia, Sotano- County, Cal.,
aged 30 years 5 months and 4 days, a' mem- ,
b«r cf Golden \V«st Tent Nc. 5*. K. O. T. '
M. : Marine Engineers' Association No- ¦ 33.
and San Francisco Aerie No. 5. F. O. E.
il^er, ici.t Bittia Uit-aae cvoy.)
E-^Friends aud acquaintances are inspect- «
fully icvtted to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 13, at 0:30 a. m., from the par.
ion of the I "r.'.ie.i Undertakers, ¦ S6H Mission
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church fcr
services at 11) a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. A requiem high mass will b* j
celebrated for ih« repose of bis soul Monday,
November 14. at St. Joseph' a Church at •<? !
a. m. Friends and acquaintances are re- .
•pectfully lnvU»d to. attend.
RODGERS — In this elty, November 12. at the
residence of Ihe parents, 3S Bntce avenue
Elenore, belcved chlW of Edward aad Maml*
Rotifers, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 2 days.
RCSSEIX — In this city. November 12, 1904, !
Mary Russell, beloved wife of Antone Rus- '
sell, a native of Austria-Hungary.
CTRemalna at the undertaking parlors of
Charles J. B. Me tiler. «W Washington street.
SCHEITHE— In Oakland. Cal.. November 11.
1304, Jacob, beioved husband of Louisa aad
father of Carl F. and Alma M. Scheithe, ami
Mrs. E. J. Grebs of New York City, a na-
tive of Germany, aged S3 years. (New Yorlc
papers please copy.)
ETFuneral from his late residence. 1CC2
San Pablo avenue. Oakland, to-day (Sun-
day), at 2 p. m. Interment private.
SPICER— Ia this city, November 8. 1904,
George Spicer, a native of Kansas City, aiid
27 years. .
STEELE — Ia this city. November 12 1D04
Hannah, b*love<l wife of Thoreas Steele, ar.d
mother of Daniel, Thomas, Edward and
Jc-hn Steele, Mr». James Kelly and tb* late
« ixliam Steele, slst-r cf Owen, John and Jo-
seph Curtin and Mrs'. Michael Murphy, aad
cousin of Mrs. Kate Saanncn. a native of
England, aged 44 y^ars. (Boston and Cal- i
cago paptrs r!«aae copy.) ;
(ETFriends ar.d acquaintances ara respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrcw ,
t ¥°£' i i. 7) ' at 9:ao a " m - from th « Parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty 4: Green. 1171 Mis- i
sicn street, thence to St. Joseph's Chur-h I
where a re<jai«m high mass will b« c«.<s- i
brated for the repeqe of her soul, at 10
a. m. Interment Hcly Cross Cemetery. i
SULLIVAN— i n ttrh» eJty, November II. 1304
Johanna, t cloved wife of the late Daniel
Sullivan, and mother of Thomas, tamel.
Mary, Katherir.e, Nora and Alice iulli- ',
van a. native of Dinjle. County Kerry. Ire-
land, aged -54 years.
t l P'Frl*nd.-» and acquaintances are respect-
tii K,a tav v ltea tc > a " eQli tne fa««ral to-morrow
(Monday).- at 10:Wa. m.. rxcsi h«r late
residence. 737U Minna strMt. thcr.ee to St!
Josephs Church, where a requiem hlzh
pass will be celebrated fcr the repose of
ncr soul, comroenclcsr at 11 o'clock. Infr-
ment Holy Crc«* Cemetery.
THORP— In this city. November II. 1304 Paris
B. beloved husband of Amanda M Thorp,
and fatner or Htnry W.. Ban* E . ilary A
and John V« _ Thcrp. a native of Cincinnati!
Ohio a?ed .2 years 2 months and » .Jays.
(Cincinnati papers please copy.)
ETFuneral Sunday. November 1.1 a» *»-.¦»
p. m., from his late residence 1310 Golden
Gat* avenue. Interment private.
TONNER — In this city. November 1" 13C4
Ferdinand Tonner. keloved husband of
Amanda. Tonner, a native of Grrsiany a*etl
53 years S months a:*d 1 day
p-Friends and acquaintance's ant respect-
fully mvlt*d t8 attend the wrvtce* to-
Korrcw (Mocdiiy). at 2:.W-p. us »t the
chapel la I. O. O. F. Cemetery ' Remain*
at th« parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co 11'7
Mission street, between Seventh and Elzht'h
Pleas* omit flowers. T~
UBHAUS — In this city. November 10 1301
Frank, beloved husband of Marga'ret e!
Ubhaus. and brother of Mrs. Elizabeth Me-
Lcan. a native of Germany, aged 34 years
2 months and 15 d«y 3 . (Baitimore Md
papers please copy.) " '
E7- Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers cf Pioneer Lodge No. 1 F O F axe
respectfully invited to attend "the" fiiner.il
to-<Uy .a'unday). at I p. m .. trim hn
late residence 957 No« street. Int.raent
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by carriaj.
WEBER— In Aubuin. Placer Ccunty Cat v»_
venib«r 10. 19*J4, Julius Weber, a native of
Germany, aged 52 years; hts wii> liary
Theresa Weber, a native of Sonora Tuol-
umne County. Cal.. a*sd 4:i y* ar »; his 'daugh-
ter. Bertha Eliiabeth, a native o f Auburn
J-Ueer County. Cal.. aged l 3 yearsT and
his son Chester Earl, a native of Auburn.
PUcer County. Cal ag-d S years. b«ln*
dearly beloved fatter, mother. sl*ter arrt
brother of Adolph Julius Weber or Auburn
Placer County. CaL Mm. Weber was t£
dearly beloved sister of Mrs. W. P icon
of SouUbyvllle. Mrs. CharUs Hess of 3o-
nora. Mrs. H. C. Snowden of Auburn. Placer
Ccunty, Cal.. and Charles W. C. May* of
Scnora.
DTTh« remains will go to Saa Francisco
on train No. 3, leaving Auburn at 8 17 a
m.. Sunday. On arrival at Saa Franclsm
the remains will b« taken ty funeral car
tO m C i' pr t"T. La J ra ejn'fnr. where services
will b« held. Fnends and acquaintances are
respectfully requested to attend the funeral.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to express our sin-
cere thanks to the many kind friends who
by their comforting sympathy and baactlful
floral offerings helped to lighten the deep
sorrow lately suffered In the loss of our
dearly beloved daughter and sister. Lottie
MR. acd MRS. O. FENELIUS and Family.
CAP.D OF THANKS.
Th« family of William Lohmeyer. deceased,
wish to thank their many friends far their
kindn«aa and sympathy In their late be-
reaverr.nnt.
MR. AND MRS. J. C. LOHMEYER-San Franciscan Amorur Uie Passengers
Hurt In Smash-Up.
WRECK IX 3IARYLAND.
The track between Granger and
Green River, "Wyo.. Is part of the Un
ion Pacific, but is operated by the Ore
con Short Line. The wreck was the re
sult of a "bulled" train order by the
right telegraph operator at Granger.
The freight train was given thirty min
utes to make Azusa and meet the west
bound passenger. The order delivered
to the freight crew read "fifty min
utes." and a mile and a half out of
Azusa the trains came together at great
Fpeed. Both engines were demolished,
the mall and baggage cars telescoped
and the day coach badly damaged. go-
Ing tnto the ditch. The Pullmans did
not leave the track and the Pullman
passengers escaped injury- The track
xvas blocked for several hours.
The Injured: Mrs. J. Stillstrom, splna
fcurt; Emmett Mlllcoxon, cut on head,
thigh bruised; Thomas Echler, leg, ;
hand and face Injured; A, Trayner, j
back Injured; J. J. Baylers, neck and i
back hurt; Fred "Wilson, chest, hip and j
-¦back injured; George P. O'Malley. back ;
?epralned; Samuel J. Hobbs, neck and
back injured.
The injured have been taken to the
hospital at Rock Springs, and the Cor- j
«ner Is holding an Inquest over the dead
et the scene of the -wreck.
SAL.T t.attbi. Utah, Nov. 11- Nine
persons were killed and ten or fifteen
injured In a bead-on collision early this
mornlcff between Union Paclne west
bound passenger train No. 3 and an
eastbound extra frelgnt train one and
a half miles west of Azusa, "Wyo. Par
tial list of dead:
ENGINEER. B. F. ECCLES.
COUDTJCTOR JOSEPH LOWHAM of
tfce freight train.
FIREMAN WILSON.
EXPRESSMAN WINSLOW. ¦
BL S. EBENZEN. mall clerk.
JOHN NOLAN.
L MUTtRAY.
ROT CHAMBERLAIN.
Both Engines Demolished in
the Smash-Up and Mail and
Baggage Cars Are Ditched,
but Pullmans Are Unhurt
<f BULI/ED" OEDEE IS
CAUSE OF DISASTER
Death and Injury to Travel
ers Besulte Prom Collision
Between a Freight Train
and West Bound Passenger
RAIL WRECK
IN WYOMING
KILLS NINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1904.
According to the report of the Na
tional Union of Teachers, French is the
most popular language among the stu-
dents. In other subjects, bookkeeping
comes first in favor, followed by short
hand, arithmetic and typewriting.
Governor Odell Denies Report and
Says He Intends to Take a
. Lons Rest.
NEWBURGH, N. Y.. Nov. 12. —
Governor Odell to-day denied a pub
lished statement that he was to be
come the president of the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company.
"I have received no such offer," he
said. "I am not looking for any po
sition. ' I am looking, only for jest.
I simply want to become a private cit
izen."
NOT TO BE PRESIDENT
OP THE PACIFIC MAIL
the ground about an hour before Cur
tiss was found. As a result of the
blow on the head Curtiss is now in a
dangerous condition.
. It is human nature .to kick 1 about
the quality of what we get for noth
ing, _
Jacques Lebaudy,' "Emperor of Sa
hara," who is how In Brussels with his
"court," is establishing consular agen
cies in northern Europe. In a little
Norwegian- town - called Fredrlksvalen
hangs a consular shield in front of a
barber's' shop, bearing, the "words:
"Agence du Consuiat'de l'Empir© de
Sahara.",' ' -
* Eagles have been noticed flying at
a height of 6000 feet and storks and
buzzards at 2000 feet A lark will
rise to the same height and so will
crows. As a I rule, however, birds do
not fly at a greater height than 1000
feet.
EAST HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 12.—
Lying gagged and in an unconscious
condition on the track of the Consoli
dated Railway Company, Henry Cur
tiss, president of the Connecticut Tide
water Trap Rock Company, escaped
instant death to-night by the quick
etopping of the car.
Curtiss was lured from Tils home by
a fake telegram ' purporting to come
from one of the officials of the com
pany, making an appointment for 10
o'clock at the office of the company,
and while en route was sandbagged.
He was robbed of about 1 100, which
he had in his overcoat pocket. The
office of the Connecticut Tidewater
Trap Rock Company was burned to
Lured From Home by a Fake
Telegram,Kobbed and Then
Left Unconscious on Rails
CHICAGO, Nov. 12. — The large
five-story building at tho northea&t
corner of Madison street and Wabash
avenue, occupied for the most part
by Browning, King & Co., clothiers,
was destroyed by fire to-night. It Js
estimated that the loss on the bu'.ld
ing and contents will aggregate $200,
000. Several firemen ¦' were • Injured
just before midnight, when the south
wall of the building fell in.
A panic was caused in the Conti
nental Hotel on the south side of Mad
ison street, across from the burning
building. Men andwomen in the ho
tel sought safety in flight, but the
firemen prevented a spread of the
flames to this building.
Fire In Chicago Causes Loss Aggregat
ing: Two Hundred Thousand •
Dollars.
THUGS' VICTIM
ESCAPES DEATH
The most ancient chair *in the world
is that preserved in the Museum of
Egypian Antiquities at Cairo. It is
said to be of the time of Abraham and
is a most interesting relic, in the wall
painting of the temples and tombs of
ancient Egypt th^ King, or Governor
of the Province and his wife, are gen
erally represented in profile, sitting on
chairs which are very simple and solid
in construction. ,In the ruins of the
open air theaters of Greece, in her
palmy days, we find remains, more or
less perfect, of beautiful chairs or seats
sculptured In white marble. Chairs as
represented in Greek sculpture are
either without backs or with straight
backs at right angles to the seat. —
The House Beautiful.
The Most Ancient Chair.
FIVE-STORY BUILDING
IS PREY TO FLAMES
It is reported that the Standard Oil
Company has obtained control of the
entire output of the Ontario asbestos
mines, from which comes all hut a
small percentage of the world' 1 eup
r-iy-
Captain Gladding has been proprietor
of a small livery stable here for many
years and is in moderate circumstances.
When he left California the captain {
sold part of his ranch, but the remain
der, consisting of about ten acres, he
never disposed of.
According to Woodworth, the land !
has been sold several times Bince Cap- j
tain Gladding lc-ft it to take care of It- I
self, and part of it was to have been !
sold again recently. The attorney of I
the prospective purchaser found that j
more than fifty-five years ago the land 1
liad been deeded to Samuel Gladding,
but no record of its sale by Gladding j
could be found. This blocked negotia
tions and a lawyer was sent here to see
the old owner.
Captain Gladding, who is now nearly
SO years old, went to California in 184&.
He made money in mining and invested
It in a ranch some distance from the
then small city of San Francisco. He
managed this ranch for several years
and then returned to Bristol, where he
has since resided.
BRISTOL, R. I., Nov. 12.— Captain
Samuel Gladding of this town has re
ceived Information that land which was
I^art of his ranch in 1852 is now one of
the prosperous streets of San Fran
cisco and that if he can prove his own
ership he will be a millionaire. The
news was brought to Bristol by Charles
"VVoodwprth. an attorney.
Eseclal Dispatch to The Call.
Aged Fortv-Xiner Informed!
That He Possesses Valuable ;
San Francisco Realty i
CLAIMS LAND
IN THIS CITY
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12. — The west
bound St. Louis express, while pulling
en a Elding: near Boyds, Md., on the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, was
Blde-swiped by the eastbound Pitts
burg limited to-day and five passen*
gers were injured. Only the rear car,
a Pullman, was struck. The injuries
of the passengers are slight. T. J.
TJoran of San Francisco was one of
the passengers injured.
54
HALE'S. I HALE'S. | BALE'S. I HALE'S. | ' BALE'S. I HALE>S *- ,
Second Santa Claus Contest at Hale's
/ : . . ¦
Starts to-morrow. . Table Linens Now
Thanksgiving says: Evcry boy and girl under 15 will want to try— for we are going- to divide F tk Th kszivin* Table
JlgSL, $100.00 in Gold Amon£.20 Children Ifeijl
ity steel, with stag handle. * t>s to be the same kind of a contest that the children took so much interest in last year, except this year with every drawing must w ° r |* re proud of our linens, proud
Tl wo*ider a jf* 1^ 111 * Bet ftt * 1 * 8S * nd come a four-line verse containing the words "Hale V and "Santa Claus." to keep them up t*^ 8 fo^ave^them
on£ er Glt 'acSu^int^d* w'fh W Haie"» Start drawing to-day and see if you can be the first one to win $5. out of this $100. The best and most original picture of Santa °J thIir e b^It S nowf°wJth Thankagivm*
heiTySffn "tKitchen ud tSSf^K Claus » to g ether ™& the best accompanying verse containing "Santa Claus" and ."Hale's," we receive before Thursday, Novem- next week. .
n£*£l ?^2^iv2SL C7 ' «--«». b^ f l7t wi J ! re , CC i VC ? S^° and be printed in our ad next Sundav - As often as Possible thereafter we will print a prize-winning [ADJ eu anwj *,^
Belt-bkstlng pans. i5« 8% by lSTiSe picture. Look for lt in the papers. Maybe it will be yours. heavy quality, bis variety of pat-
ita£ 3 o!^ t 9o!!ixl Z 8 7 £e Me ith Lct>S gCt to & ether » g irls a . nd bovs » and mak e this year's contest even more enthusiastic than last year's. Remember, you can draw Tl & r e nS ;ba£££ «&-^M?rtert«d. in.
nat bottom, splendid fo B rb < raising-. c ° v * P ' a picture every day and draw until you do win, but be sure arfd draw one to-day and bring it to Hale's to-morrow and drop wide, bleached. I . t ., 1 °°*^w 11 *? 1 *5idVv
S1 sSo d S e B i?x T i7 P ' 11B ' 15c - sl " loxl4{ it in the Santa Claus picture box. . ° J^k^t/ta-S? w " h 8pIendldly
jatchea set. 'sso-steei sharpener. B^<>Tt trying read these conditions carefully and stick to them: . n£8S
B OM 1^!^" wB ea>Ver Is a plrrt — Any b °y or K^rl under 15 years of age may Third— The drawing must be done with black Ink on Sixth— The name, age and address of the child must to match. *2.00 dozen.
T~ *«*«.. SSo^Re^y^ti; nickel- ¦««U t 3&?Kkw te E you submit must be an original PourU^' ."izTof 45TS£« mnrt b* not more than be »^ - rltten ° n P « Wlth the
plated tea ketUe, all copper, seamless one. not copied or traced. A picture of Santa 7x9 mohei, nor leasttau 5x7^Siche.. ' drawing. patterns. Ifs regular $1.15 quality.
Dolt °™- \ Claus in any way you may Imagine him, to- Fifth — On the same paper as the drawing must be a *« M^« T»bl« Cloth, $2.50 — Hemstitched dam-
Pudding- Molds. 45o— 4-quart tubed pud- gether with a four-line verse containing "San- four-line verse containing the words "Hale's" Seventh — Drawings must be sent In flat, not roidea aslc# 2 % yards long.
dins molds that are airtight. la Claus" and "Hale's." v; an( j "Santa Claus." or rolled. Q < I
0 *™' B ?^~v^A &Tt 8lza ' wIth Mail your drawin ? s to "Santa Claus at Hale's," or bring them and put them in Santa' Claus' picture box at front door. Hale's Open Saturday
berry sauce to! make cran * The a .8 e of the ch ! ld w* 11 be considered in judging' the winning pictures, so as to give every child an equal chance. The verse will count equally* niphts now till Christtras
Itaffla Pans, So fi-cop. tin muffin pans. with the drawin S- Contest starts to-morrow. Now get. to work, children, and see if you can be the first one. to win. "*& ¦> y VVJ '
$3.00 siik umbrellas at Hale's Make Another Touch Down • %
If. the umbrella new. of the dav, /V| Ore IN £ W WOOlteY Stilts ll P TS /f/M^^^^^^^^M^m,
26-inch umbrellas, with silver and l " *^* 1 1 W TT, ? V ¦Vl'V-Fi ILWyV OU1 &,O JL A W i W \jt , . ' . [_\ - " URSft^K
pearl handles. It's because we bought . «' -^ B^™^"*'^~^^^
the handles when the maker was only Ready for you to choose from to-morrow. —^ Wo « *-» « « w*.«
l^ sl;id i o r!l thcm - *&$IM? Hale suit supremacy again emphasized. ' • BeaUtlTUl BlBCk PlUITieS
Then we had them covered with piece- ' -idFcEr- t, . <,
dyed taffeta because it is the best For tn e styles are the very latest winter styles, the snappiest suits T n Cpll of U^if flnrf I P^<s
wearing umbrella cover made. J^BMST^^ > . 1U OCli dL Ildll dllU L.C00
Frames are the best Paragon steel rod fy*^ we have seen, with close-fitting or loose coats, in brown, black
frames. Umbrellas complete with ¦tt>^/ a KT • " ii^ l^? g "i7^^H^3yff' r^~"'^*"" M "^"""~" M "'"""'^'^*"^Tll^T W TT^Bnrn^^^^"'' ; f
l ° m ° rr0W ' at But it>s "»« spTendw'materials they are made of and the way they «^^^^^^ /O "^ At 59c !||||§§|1^
Let Us Make Your New l^^^^Sfli are made> the P oints that should make Hale's the center of inter- j/jf^ At'<|?-
Skirt Free V/ /f^.'-^^-u CSt f ° r evcry woman who is thinkin S of p ttin ? her new vinter ¦// . I^ 11 - 1 S3 2^
Either walking length or dreo — suit now and having it to wear Thanksgiving. I 1 ' tH # *
length. If you will buy the material fe Ever^ one of the i ackets splendidly lined, some with silk, some with / Jt ' S JLJ^L*" J^V'hSLSS ' o^hlT th^wherf th^LrSn^^I
for vour ordinarv skirt lensrth nnr r TPrrfnfffiyr "v »• t> , 1 i.- u n • / ,, , . • i_- j- / a tcVi weeks ago. l nousanas ot tnern tnen where there are hundreds
£rtmantai^ >S^§3^Wr satin. Every sleeve has a shield. Skirts all have mohair binding. ' now; but values as creat and variety nearly as broad. An event to
skirt free in the vory^atest style &9WM$N^tm been taken with every stitch. Individual tailoring has gone make another big stir to-morrow. In the quantities lies the story of
' H^^rii'P^[\ to ma ke evcry garment original and new and different, styles to be the prices. They average half what you would pay ordinarily, and bring
. iiW'*lff!wWKV copied from. " v, beautiful plumes within the reach of every woman's purse.
3O™If1. MUSlin at 5y2C MwlillMl ill !l\\\ Yon can nav <Rt6 en anrl rrrt a cult vnn ,,- nn 't #.nual fnr «?n nn ?n manv Every one of them Is a deep. rich, glossy black with a good curl, all of them
r/i lt z. j r- r> r r~- MilHlM / lll\\ xou can pay $10.50 and get a suit you wont equal tor 520.00 in many with quills. Hundreds of them under four prices— fi9o, 95c, $1.23 and 83.33.
IPs OUached; Fine Soft Fin- §HVV'' f I iftS'lK places. (That's a broad statement. We have made it purposely, be- .
„¦ . &*¦ , ., JMr'%1k |igp^i|^^i^i|liiipiiipi Sale of 2000 Pairs Good Dollar
This is a good firm weave; fine soVt /Mpi^A iwAm skirt and trimmed in fancy braid and silk. FVlil VI 1 \J V Co Ct L DOt l^Cll"
finish. It would be low priced at ¦/fy/*MWJm\\\\ ] \\X\&> At 818.75 — Tou can get a loose coat suit, At 322.50 — Here the suits are at their TVipvVp tTir»c«» cr,l*»«rli'rl tu-n-r^cn ftv/.re fl ,m ~1~Z— •«.•«. t. a '*u
7 y 2C f /:..Jlb ! i ''////"/ [j 1 H\W*2k* one of those nobby new styles. Get lt best. Pretty mLxtures In all shades. 1 ney re UlOSe Splendid tWO-ClaSp OVerseam gloves, Stitched With
l2U.r w.^i,^ •»tt..h^ •!« 4 -v. i* /fiw'J»'nhti i ~l, " / ii. 1 i-'''\\\ : '-V5^Pv ln mixtures or black; prettily trimmed loose and tisrht coats, trimmed with one row of embroiderv
it i£ d Muslin— 3 6 Inch es wide f/£§ &'- : 5.' ifi ¦;'¦'¦ i ' ••V\%^ / and with a jacket that can bo worn as braid and velvet stitching. Tight coats , , ,, . unuiuiuu).
wn loc _ >ard - .„,. ... ,„ /rf'-'J'/'f !$¦'![< A Vrtfe-r fi separate tourist coat. Plaited skirts. in blue, black and brown, cheviot and A dollar glove that is made for us by one of the foremost German
Pillow Cases, 12140— 600 pillow cases, ///w/^S,nW'^Lv}k^^- At 820.00— Suits with ticht coats in cloth. (Note the style in the picture.) „. 11 -. , , J "o vrcmiun
S l?t™ 5^ 6> ble^hed strongly made, //MMWMl ||fl| l l#%!v / » blue? wkh vest, plain military cuffs in Then there are suits at more than 525.00. makers SO we Can Sell it regularly at 8OC pair.
exira tnis weeK at 12^0. feaDtwi'iiSifillu'a ' \ 8? 11, f\\ \\.' W^t"'j a * blue and black. Different styles in And some new broadtail and plain vel- Because we take all he can make durlne odd times Here's a. n#rhl lnt «-f
72x90 Sheets at 46c— Look at the size. Ir^jJjJ. £ ' ' '!X^t£*^-^ plaited skirts. vet suits, in all the new shades. 2000 pairs in tan. red and gray; sizes 5U to ;u i n browr whit*' an?
Kched; th slze < SSJS r> 4 9 o? ey '? un - We are glad to have you come just to look. \ c Jairl zes 5% to 6 and from to 7% ' ~ he sendi us 8O we « 8el1 them at
rinMnr YWnrh: T«ff^t5l 7Rr Sale Art Linens v a-/^- New Valenciennes Laces
LJyjliCXl UiattV lCtIICLCl 9 /OW Hemstitched, stamped or plain; 9 in." J&j£\*A60 vi^^ '& *>sl X%^&* By the dozen yards.
It's our guaranteed $1.00 Black Taffeta. v doilies at i2%c; 12 in. ones at 15c; 15 5^«g^0^\ r _l_ r \%s^ mSO >L *^oda New P atterns . new styles, the
Full 25 in. wide, rich pure silk dye, with a good luster. It's a !"• ones *[ 2^ c ' l8 t in - on , cs . at 3^ c ' 2 \ „ nergt //^ST t^^ ¦)&M§L 9 ifnS^ *"£ dain . ties J. for . .^"^"s
u « 1-4. .u i. • 1 j-j r j j u- i. • *. -4. a in - oncs a t 45c> up to 36 in. ones at d\P5P// ''M Js'ZSxX, iSW^h^fo y«NS»^2«5» and making handkerchiefs and
heavy quality that is splendid for dresses and shirtwaist suits and $I ¦ H0 ' ° , &S&LM : _J J<£iftc& (S^'3&£? fi&V&Zl^ dolls' clothes and fancy holiday
drop skirts. It's a silk we guarantee fully and that's specially Scarfs# 18x27 itL at 25c . 18l45 at 80c . ij^^F^^^j^tS^/J^ presents.
priced at $1.00 yd. (Compare it with silks you will pay $1.00 for 18x54 at ooc. . r-\f^ V^Sffiga^^*^ ¦rrx^.^N^ « >^^ Sir m in sets, full widths and insertions
elsewhere.) It's a demonstration value from the Hale silk depart- w. have set apart rriday a. the day for S^&XBP*^ « c , c if/ ,. . iheXenlard*' 65c " t5c to * 1 -' 0
ment. As is this 90c taffeta at 68c, 24 in. wide. £? SSST^SSS^ "*' "* MtffP^ Cl3US SayS ' Chnstmas
You will appreciate them more by seeing them. When you think of ' .. //L^fCv^^ w^. r ,* ITnTJe J-T*7+> V*,, (*%****
silks we want you to think of Hale's. Another lot of that splendid Royal *' I'jTj^ |1 A || t **%m.r* T>^^^« J_. • A. **" siaie s new xou K.noose
.taffeta at 58c yd., in all colors. It's the best lining silk we know of at 58c. „. . ' »' fSur/r I Jfxwt I i^ jV+ If W r^f^lllA/ ZA I Hiftc if\f Hlrv» '
19 in. wide. Visit the cake bakine demonstra- vMf MSYJKK lVV'CliJ^ CM. V UlltS IOr mm
Dress Goods News Covert suitings at 75c: B0 in. wide, in tion down stairs. It will leach you lots §SJ/ Here . are white hemstitched
Boiled to fiarazraths green, gray and brown. of little hints how to make better cakes, f/7 - H£i1***Q" handkerchiefs for $1.50 box; 6
Deserves three times the space we Wool Crepe at 39C • W ' 1-1U.1C handkerchiefs to the box; pure
• l ~*"* uiut3 me 9^>dv.c we x »»»»»# — h soft Irish linen full size with
are giving it. But let the values talk. It ' S another lot of that 36 in. wool . j So we give them^ first place this week. narrow or wide hems and an
6^ich^ia\V^ 7d - :lt ' SallW ° Ol ' adeep that made such a stir last Monday, It's Join Olir Free Tho here is a handsome kid bodied doll we want to mention. It's 95c; 21 initial embroidered in the corner
50 rt iS?m5iten at 50c yd.: it's a splendid JS.'^cS™ • S t£? hi?JoSi Embroidery Classes inches tall. A doll we would like to have you compare with other dolls Paacy SUk slender— We
blacky mohair: regular 75c quality. the dark colors It s a lot that has come umuiuiuciv via « C!) you usually pay $1.50 lor. have never had such a beautiful
50 »^- ?l;°?yf" black herrI °S £J"1J" " me *" make anotner Btlr t0 " Pyrography classes too— both Ifs comparison that brings out strongest the better points of this business. Jot before. These at 75c pair are
bone^uiting. all wooL morrow. .  who wU1 This doll hj-^rett^ bisque head, sleeping eyes, curly hair, fancy stock- £ » e £Pta»dUl ""^•^ggor.^and
take an interest in your work individ- Here's a Rocking- Chair for the little girl at 75c; of imitation maple, with fan- kid ends, pretty gilt buckles, cast
. mllv riaQci»c nn tt,. fn.irtt, fl rtrt r cy back -and arm rests, strong rockers; seat Il%xl2% inches. 75c. ° ff fastenings. All in a neat
rf»/^ /\/\ /^--^.-rf-^, 2** -. d! A r. V* .V lasses t on tile . tourtn tioor. And a Doll Wheelbarrow at 10c—D inches long, hard wood, in light oak finish, Christmas box. 75c pair.
.nZjUU L^fJf^T3_inS 3L I •ill! Embroidery classes Wednesday and £ with a strong wheel. 10c. sew Neckties la boxes—Reversible
*J/^»VV fc.V«.m*a4j IL4. %K M *%S vr Saturday. V"; But the go-carts for the doll babies come first. They are most important four-ln-hands. imperials.. English
Just 2OO pairs new patterns 3^ yards long by 50 inches. Here are some of the art materials in f. nd as interestinK to the mother of the little girl now. as they will be to sUks^excYus'lvo SttenS
Vre s P pl endid ne^v patter^ Jith plainLdVgured centers, f^Z'Z fefe^l a' So-Ca"'^ 9s" "^ •>— « •»— « — " **
?v-nl y w b s orders; the veIT curtains you want for your dming " room & Sfc&S^SS-, „ I J^Lr^JL m So-H/-iunS3 « Muslc at I8c
But see the curtains and you'll appreciate their value and how much this maSf"-.-- v ead . 17fl hMell r f ed and knobs, all varnished, with tinsel cloth.' It has fancy swell front. To-Morrow and Tuesday Only
combined buying means to the single dealer. 52.00 curtains at $1.50. SSS " aio^o wd 6? &. strong steel handle and springs x handle '.'Good-by. Little Girl. Good-by."
Curtains at S2.25 pair-Five patterns, in Table Covers of Art loom Tapestries— Jap irold thread. 8e bunch. s teel tire wheels. It's bur enoutrh D0 a " d o^ca^ soc^Varnished and finish- 3Z? cle JlFW* son^.
the popular Arabian color, very attrac- In all grades and sizes, for the bed- Gold wash thread, 7%c bunch. to hold a biff baby doll. It's a cart iJ »»h ft n?7twiqt«S ?^l and nara- Blue Bells, song. The hit of tho
tive curtains. A new price for the room table to the library or dining- luster embroidery cotton. 3 l-3o skein. that would be Rood value at $1 75 sol tor> strong steel wheels season.
first time Monday morning. $2.25 pair. room table: 4-4 size at 35c; 6-4 size at Linen battenber* braid, lc yd. or 25c T*'« an iinti«ia1 vaW at nft soi top. strong steel wneeis. All new music; all at a new price.
Couch Covers. 8230 — In Bagdad stripes; 60c and 85c; 8-4 size at $1.25 to $2.75. per piece of 36 yds.; In white, Arabian ll s an unusuai value at gee. p, n( j t jj C d o u go-carts on the fourth to-morrow and Tuesday. 18c.
just the thing for the couch or to re- Extension Cnrtain Bods, 7Vfcc — 1440 new or cream; all numbers. Go-Cart at 25c — Has back of reed, and floor alonir with the babv eo-carts —
place the old and worn one. 82.50. brass rods to hang your curtains on; Silk draw braids. 3c to 7%o yd.; in the fancy sides. "„?, ,,,ul "Lj t " 1 Tt't IcsVnti'iiilv n-A «. u KX »t
Art Creton. 12^0 yard— 800 yards of art can bo used on any window measur- prettiest of patterns; in all shades. «..,, BnirsP - - t os^Handsomriv r»r and wheeled toys. Its essentially Order DV Mail
denims and art cretons. 36 inches ing 2% to 4 feet. a»a , mi u -a • •*¦ 1 r Vi-*,?Jft^ tf.,^^J£ *«^t m y ? .1" a Christmas floor. Santa Claus has J
wide: lots of pretty patterns and col- Velo^ur Table Covers. S295-Beautiful And we U .fmbroider initials for 'zTinc&s l£5' pre-empted the whole space. We 34 Buying Days: Then Christmas
ors for lounge or window seat cover- plush table covers, in dainty colors of you if you will leave the order with „};? iVt£tf~ «+»«i^ Sv/L»i. incnes long, v o ~i-a ?„ „;„. ;?¦ ?« u; m mm v r.n a a ' * .». » J
ings, or curtains for the clothes red or green; a splendid cover for the u s with strong steel wheels. are as glad to give it to him as you And every day that passes now
closet. lSV&c yard. llbrary'or parlor table. ' At $1.25 — Reed Go-Cart — With swell will be to see how manv there is means so much less time for you
. front and trimmed with fancy reed: there, and how manv sutreestions to s t n , In you J orde , r s: means so
neat parasol; green enameled steei } t u i?ttU «„• TnA W* rn*nl *l uch lessened stock for you to
W ' ".tr.^. ~ Bear, steel axles, heavy steel wheels. for *?« Jl . ttIe . one and how manv choose from. Send us your name
A New 100-Piece German China Free Wlth ' EveI *y It>S like a baby>S own go-cart. ti«. surprises in prices. ¦ and ffl
SharriDOo This • with gift bints.
Dinner Set at $11.65 SS-Si- 75c French Flannels, 50c Art-sS^twc
It's one of the big events of the day. Think how unusual a g i 0S s without making it oily. It's an Imported Flannel, 27 Inches Wide. Big perfect ones in red, green,
good porcelain set is at $11.65; then think of as light and dainty we want you to know Hale shampoos „ £JJ -- a- a a u «-«i«« t*'c , i«tiw!»M brown, tan, gray; the kinds to
t rhlna *rt as vnn riavp w P n qt <*?o no nnri vnn will mm'c a , nd hoW thoroughly and perfectly they Pretty figured designs in medium and dark colors.. Its a splendid make pillow or table covers of
a cnina set as you nave Seen at ana you will COmc clean the hair and scalp. This week we flannel for house wrappers. It's a splendid opportunity, to buy now. for Christmas gifts.
Close to picturing this One we Will Sell tO-morrow at $11.65. ev'crv shamDoo e °M? r Mo a rrnr e o f ,fr e^in It's a little lot. It came to us as good measure with a big buy of other We will teach you how to burn
Think of the Thanksgiving table, too. It's a 100-plece set of light German specialist, will "be glad to give you free flannels. We can sell it at 60c Instead of 76c the yard. t jj enu Platinum points, from 7«Cc
china, decorated with floral sprays and neatly embossed. Ifs a splendid consultation if you have scalp trouble. ' r^ — " to $1.00 Fourth floor
opportunity; third floor; first time to-morrow. • ->,>-•' • y lumwuuw.
Dinner Set et S9.90— 100 pieces high- Sugar and Creamer. 18c— In dainty /mm T _ -g F> 1 -^ 1 - 4- A i. d? H f*£\ i
grade seml-porcelaln. with dainty Carlsbad china, fancy shape, tinted V^ Y/V C\C\ I Klfltl U PTS 5-1 t m4%4L-lT%Y% S ' - : {
floral decorations - and gold tracings. and floral decoration. 18o, instead of . *¦ JJW? TT \J\J ' M. L|lGllIVvi>V7 C41 9~ .
4H%!EV\H^iVinV,W^3 F^f,t.,,?'5Y,?!;«. 10^Ti? a n r S d ae c c h^a a : ¦ 50 p3irS Of 64x8 ° InCh Blankets ¦
SfiSBJE" ""*¦ Just e "° u£h lm stit'^c-nichu- rt ,cor,, 8 d. nra .,y — M 3^S^<nM*Z*^ W . hite w0 ° 1 ' dotlbI \ bed size ' not , to ° *f Y to , be comfortable, JfM^^EL^
China Plates, 3c— Tinted In pink, green bossad 'fancy design, with metal top. *— -^^^ZPVs* VOVt*^ heavy eilOUjrh to be warm On the COldeSt nights J SOtt, fleeCV ****** -^
fir blue on the borders, with floral Stein, 65c — Richly decorated, embossed _. 'V " : . „ „ i t> i «»- -«. t,u«i,.* „* <t^ Ar% .. .
spray decorations. figure and inscription. Market Street, Near. Sixth, S. F. wool. Regular $5.50 blanket at Market Street, Near Sixth, S. P.
IP YOU ARE LOOKIXG
For a good Investment in a
lodging-house or. a place of
business of - any . kind that will
pay yon a good profit, consult
the Business Chance and JxmIc:-
Jng-House . Columns ,' of : THE
CALL, In which you can' always
find Hbargaing in legitimate busi-
ness propositions.
IRUPTUREI
? HERE IS ANOTHER OF OUR CURES. I
8 "I was cured of rupture over a year ago and feel as if I had ; ?
§ never been ruptured. Seven treatments were sufficient. fii .
5 •.' " X : LEVISON of Levison Bros.. Rocklin. CaL" f :
S Our cure is safe sure and practically painless. No time is lost. £
JJ Ask any of the following gentlemen: Rev. Sidney Wilbur i«o «
w Octavia st.. S. R; Peter Smith, 616 Fourth st.; W. J Ramsev «I P :
8 Hayes st; C. E. Howard. 7.# Mission St.; VV. D. Evans 1310' Oc- £
« tavia st.; Solomon Hirschy. 308 Monroe St., San Jose; E.'g. Hurscfa, fi:
8 3668 Twentieth st.; M. BounsaU. Cahstoga; G. W. Stoddard. 70a $
» Tenth st. Sacramento. Hundreds of other addresses will be fur- r
X nished. Call and see us.
I FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
g Hi 1344 MARKET STREET, S. F |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I fc*T* beea uslaz CwetreU for iBiomnU. witlx
rtifh I £»?« been aCicted for over twenty yoars
»!:•: I can cmjr vbat Cu»nti hav« civen me itors
rcl:*f tliaa fcny other remedy i hare erer tried. I
ckall certalnir recommend them to my friend! ea
tecs oil they are represented."
Tho».OUlard. Elgin, in.
CANDY CATHARTIC
Ple««aB*. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Dc Good,
Jve^er Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c. ZSe.SOe. Kerer
aold In balk. The rencine tablet stamped C C C.
Oamracteed to cur* or toot money lac*.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.7. 597
•AKKWLSALE JEN ; MILLION BOXES