ILLINOIS WOMAN". A RECENT ARRn'AL IN THIS CITY. WHO ON SATUR
DAY WAS ROBBED BT HER HUSBAND AND HIS BROTHER OK $3000 I
AND HER CLOTHES AND LETT SldC AND DESTITUTE. • '
Continued on Page 3, Col. S.
Continued on Pace 2. Column X.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6— George B.
Cort*ly</u, chairman of the Republican
National Committee, made a brief
statement to-night, reiterating his
forecast of the previous night on^ the
result of the election. He* said:
"A« a final forecast, I Bee no reason
to change my previous statement and
I adhere to that after receiving full re
ports from all over the United States
In the past forty-eight hours. I am
satisfied that the Republican candi
dates for President and Vice President
New Postmaster Appointed.
WASHINGTON. Nov. «. — C. I. Dora
has been appointed postmaster of
Moor Park, Ventura County. CaL
Killing of an Officer .by Two Blocks
Results in Summary Ac
tion by Whites....
DENVER. Nov. 6. — The killing in
cold blood of Marshal Hiram Bates
of Coal Creek, a coal mining town. in
Fremont County, by two negroes.
Grant and Wenley Thompson, whom
he was trying to arrest. for causing a
disturbance, has caused the white res
idents to issue a. warning to the ne
gro population^ leave the camp. On
hearing of the decision of the whites
many of the • negro residents left the
town. If they, insist on remaining It
is feared bloodshed will result.
The whites ; are greatly, incensed
against the negroes, to whom they
charge numerous crimes committed
since the blacks were imported Into
the camp to take the places of strik
ers about a year ago.
There was no extreme anxiety about
political headquarters to-day, but the
managers were alert and watching the
close of the campaign with great in
terest. The Democratic National Com
mittee Issued a statement . claiming
with confidence the election of Judge
will carry every Northern State, with
the possible exception of Maryland and
Nevada, and will not have less than 314
of the 476 votes in the electoral col
lege."
Mrs. Chambers lived in Indianapolis
most of her life. Her father; left her
a large fortune. ' When she went to
California to live she took her coach
man with her.
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 6. — The will
of Mrs. Eleanor Chambers, the daugh
ter of the late General Thomas A.
Morris, was received here to-day from
California, and . it was discovered that
she had left her fortune of. $150,000
to Harry Graves, her coachman,* who
came to her. home as a tramp.'
Mrs. Eleanor Chambers Handsomely
Remembers Man Who Camo
to Her as a Tramp. .
Claims Three Hundred and Fourteen
Electoral Votes for Roosevelt.
BEQUEATHS HER ENTIRE -
FORTUNE TO HER COACHMAN
CORTELYOU 'S FINAL WORD
The Journal hazards the suggestion
that a dissolution of the ministry will
be proposed on Monday. Well inform
ed persons, however, consider that
the Government has passed through
this Important crisis and Is now
stronger than heretofore.
v PARIS, Nov. 6. — The narrow es
cape of the Government from defeat
in the Andre debate has caused $
great outcry on the part of the na
tionalist Journals to the effect that the
ministry must resign. The Press, the
nationalist organ, publishes an Inter
view with M. Clagney, the president
of the group, violently de
nouncing the ministry.
Nationalist Journals Demand Its Res
ignation as Result of the
Andre Debate.
NEGROES ORDERED FROM
A TOWX IX COLORADO
MINISTRY VIOLENTLY
DENOUNCED IX FRANCE
NEWPORT, R. I., Nov. 6.— The
condition of Mrs. John P. Drexel of
Philadelphia, who is ill at her summer
residence here, is said to be favorable
to-night. The nature of her illness
is not known except by members of
her family and a few intimate friends.
It was not known that Mrs. Drexel's
condition was serious until to-night,
when Dr. William 'T. Bull, the New
York Burgeon, arrived and performed
an operation on her. Immediately,
after the operation Dr. Bull left for
New York.
Dr. Bull Goes to Newport to Attend
the Philadelphia Society
Woman.
OPERATION PERFORMED
ON MRS. JOHN P. DREXEL
A corps' of schoolyard "whltewings"
are also to be organized, with a vieWto
teaching prospective voters a practical
lesson in municipal cleanliness. TJhese
organizations are "to serve as a r me
dium of instructing students in a prac
tical way. in the more important obli
gations which students owe to society
and the rights and f protection which
they may demand of society.'' .
The action . of Superintendent Cooley
was taken as " the result of recommen
dations made by the High School Prin
cipals',-Association. 'The committee in
its report declared; "The subject of
civics Is :of sufficient importance to
high school students to warrant its re
ceiving more attention than: it; now. re
ceives at ¦¦•' the hands of teachers and
principals."
CHICAGO. Nov. 6.— Miniature city
councils, upon which the public search
light may be turned at any time; min
iature legislatures, minus ; the shadow
of ' the octopus, and - near-real con
gresses, in which national policy will
be molded without regard to party pre
judices, are to be organized in' the Chi
cago public schools. .In addition "good
government" and "improvement" clubs
will be formed..
All of these departures from tradi
tional methods are advocated by Su
perintendent Cooley as the most influ
ential means of teaching practical
civics to high school students. V ¦¦•¦-
City, county. State and national con
ventions .will be held— unless the. pupils
decide to, try the direct primary ex
periment—and nominations made .for
all offices In' all branches of govern
ment. The platforms of the school par
ties then willbe outlined. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call
Chicago Instructors Will
Give Practical Course in
3Ietliods of Government
The sun motor on account of its prin
ciple, besides its important scientific
properties, seems to be economically
applicable for reducing aluminum and
for producing new chemical compounds,
especially a fertilizer of great value.
Its value to science cannot be overesti
mated.
Professor Himalaya has succeeded in
finding the source of this energy, and
he has settled scientifically the possi
bility of .utilizing in future this and
some other primitive and perpetual
forces of nature.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 6. — Professor Hima
laya, the Portuguese priest, who Invent
ed-the sun motor, has issued a bulletin
giving the results of his experiments
with the machine at the World's Fair.
The most Important of these is the dis
covery, the inventor says he made, that
the heat of the sun Is purely electrical
The people of Havana will be allowed
to visit the hulk upon payment of a
small fee. It is -planned, after Cuban
curiosity is 'satisfied, to put a new bot
tom on the ship- and tow it to Luna
Park, Coney Island. There it will be
exhibited as a curiosity.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. Nov. . 6.— For $5000 the
United States Battleship Maine Salvage
Company of this city has bought from
the Cuban Government the wreck of
the ill-fated* battleship Maine in Ha
vana harbor.
A coffer dam will be built around the
hulk and it will be raised. Such of the
seventy-four bodies of American sail
ors not recovered will be removed and
buried with due honors in the United
States if the Navy Department desires
to take charge of them, or in Havana
if the Washington Government makes
no provision. The salvage company
will make arrangements for the sale of
the machinery and armor of the famous
old ship."
Pp»clal Dispatch to Tha Call.
S3*dal Dispatch to The CalL
SCHOOL PUPILS
TO DO POLITICS
Famous Hulk to Be
Shown at Coney
Island.
Thus Asserts ttie In
ventor of the
Sun Motor.
Senator Chaurcev M. Depew 6aid: "The tilt between Judge Parker
and President Roosevelt will not change ten votes in the country. It came
too late in the campaign, viewed purely as a political bomb. The people's
minds were already made up. Even if there were those who may have
had any doubts about President Roosevelt's position with the trusts, the
President's vigorous and emphatic denial has fixed that matter straight.
The little fight at the finish of the campaign was unique. I have been in
twelve Presidential campaigns and I have never known one candidate to
accuse another, holding office, of acts which would, if the accusation were
true, make him personally unfit for high office. On the other hand, I have
never known a man holding the office of President to come right out in
meeting and call another candidate a liar. But that's Roosevelt's way and
the people like It. I read Roosevelt's retort yesterday In several speeches
up the State and It was cheered, loudly everywhere."
John D*»Witt Warner said: "The only thing peculiar about Judge Par
kers position is that it was so tardily taken. The only peculiarity of
President Roosevelt's position was that he so promptly appreciated and.
from his view, corralled the trusts in his own behalf. The only effect of
what they have been saying is to convince voters that Parker detests such
methods and. if elected, will do what he can to stop trust rule, but that
Roosevelt, though he has tjie good taste to be angry when exposed in this
business, intends, while denying it, t o get the benefit of it."
Perry Belmont says: "The President has not denied that contributions
from corporations have been made to the Republican campaign fund. As
pointed out by Judge Parker, euch contributions are, in fact, contributions
o£ stockholders, made without their knowledge or consent and in violation
.. iaw. Judge Parker declares that, | n the event of hiB election, he will
employ every power that legally and constitutionally inheres to the great
office of President to check this evil. We have no such promise from
Roosevelt." .
Oscar S. Straus said: "Judge Parker's insinuating charge that Presi
dent Roosevelt had conspired with Cortelyou In order to squeeze money
out of the trusts was monstrous. If anything is firmly established in the
rainds of th<» American people it is that Roosevelt's character is invul
nerable. The charee is so monstrous that fair-minded men will resent it
who othewiF* 5 would have voted for Parker. The claws of the management
of the Hill campaign have come out from under the Judicial ermine and
people are disgusted with that kind of tactics. The President's answer
was mar.lv. unequivocal and directly met the charge."
Judge Parker is reproached and rebuked by leading Republicans for
Intimating that Roosevelt has been capable of acts which would render
him personally unfit to hold the high office of President of the United
States. President Roosevelt is ridiculed by leading Democrats for making
a reply to Judge Parker, conspicuous for its display of anger and failure
to deny that the trusts have contributed to the Republican campaign
fund.
NEW TORK. Nov. 6.— Interviews with men prominent in politics show
that the tilt between President Roosevelt and Judge Parker in the closing
hours of the campaign has struck fire in both great parties and brought
them to the battle front with heartier zest than was dreamed of in the
earlier davs of the campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BATTLESHIP
MAINE WILL
BE RAISED
SOL'S HEAT
IS PURELY
ELECTRICAL
Partisan Views of the Rival Candi
dates' Passage at Arms.
ADDS ZEST TO LAST
HOURS OF CAMPAIGN
Notes left by the physician told of his
deliberate preparations for death. He
wrote that in order to remove the pos
sibility of failure he Intended to adopt
three certain methods of ending his life.
When found he was not quite dead, but
died an hour later at the hospital to
which he was hurriedly removed.
Dr. Gagen was 46 years of age and is
paid to have been a man of considerable
wealth. The husband of the woman at
whose house the couple were rooming
committed suicide two years ago in the
same room In an almost identical man
ner, except that he did not use chloro
form.
Dr. and Mrs- Gagen came to Los An
geles a month ago from Oregon for
the former's health and secured rooms
at 723 South Hope street. The doctor
was afflicted with an incurable disease
of the heart and although he knew that
his days were numbered he 'gave no
indication of ending his life.
A week ago yesterday, accompanied
by their landlady, the doctor and his
wife went to a Turkish bath establish
ment intending to remain all night. At
the entrance to the ladles' department
he bade his wife good-night, saying he
would caU for her In the morning. The
next morning when the women sent
wora by an attendant that they were
waiting for the doctor they were in
formed that he had left the place im
mediately after they had entered the
female department.
Hurrying home they found the house
filled with illuminating gas. It was al
most impossible for them to remain in
the hallway, but divining what had
happened Mrs. Gagen. despite the gas.
rushed to her husbands room. She
found him upon the floor near the bed.
Across his mouth was a towel, on
which a pint of chloroform had been
poured. A hypodermic syringe was near
his hand, and every burner of a gas
stove in the room was turned on.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.— Dr. Edward
Thomas Gagen. for years a prominent
physician of Baker City, Ore., commit
ted suicide by the most elaborately
planned process ever recorded Tin thin
city a week ago. He used gas, chloro
form and morphine, together . to. make
sure of death. ' Prof essional . courtesy
due to one physician from another and
the tearful pleadings of the heart
broken w-idow are the reasons now
given by the Coroner for keeping the
matter secret. The facts came to light
to-day. To-morrow the widow will
leave for Baker City, taking with her a
little box containing her husband's
ashes.
OWINGSVILLE, Ky., Nov. 6.— After
a man hunt extending over the greater
part of the Menifee County mountains,
two officers whose names. have not yet
.been learned entrapped Lipton Day,
one of the mo6t desperate outlaws in
the Kentucky mountiijns^andiA battle
with"" rifles' took placed Day . killed, -the
two officers, but lost" his own life in the
fight.
. The battle occurred on Indian Creek,
in Menifee County. The officers had
been chasing Day, and from the ap
pearance of the men's bodies when
found the three evidently" had fallen at
almost the same moment. Their weap
ons were lying near them. .
Day had long terrorized that section
of the mountains. A reward of $800 was
offered for his capture for the killing
of Howard Wilson, United States Mar
shal, three years ago.
The battle in which Wilson was killed
took place in ; August, 1901.. Day was
wanted for making moonshine whisky,
and Wilson, with a posse of officers,
went to Menifee County after him. Day
was with several companions when
found and was ordered to surrender.
He and his companions opened fire on
the officers. Howard Wilson and one of
Day's companions were killed, and .Wil
liam Stamper, a member of Wilson's
posse,' shot Day five times, badly
wounding him.
Day was placed in jail at French
burg, from which he was later rescued
by his followers. Day was a fugitive
and lived* in a cabin between two high
mountains.' He maintained a line of
guards for several miles from his moun
tain retreat, who kept strangers from
approaching i him. • He wore a coat of
mall under his clothing to prevent as
sassination. Although only 24 years
old, he had killed eight men.
Srecial Dispatch to The Call
"I waited for the return of my hus
band and his brother until. late; in the
afternoon, and when they, did not come
beck' I ¦went to the Kearny. street lodg-
HUSBAND DISAPPEARS.
"Saturday morning my husband said
he had found a nice room in a private
family at 176 Fell street and I accom
panied him and Robert to this place.
Robert , waited at the corner while
Harley and I . looked at the quarters.
They suited us and we said that we
would take them. Harley paid only
$1 50— for one night— saying to the
landlady -that he would settle later as
he had not the change, or some such
excuse. He . then told me that as I
was not feeling strong I had better
remain where M was until he could
move; our -trunks from 215 Kearny. I
agreed to do so.
,.¦ "Harley.- then joined his brother and
they must have : gone to the Kearny
street place direct. In the forenoon I
gave $3000 to ; Harley to either " place
in a bank or keep in safety on his
person. I warned him to be careful
with the ; money. He ; said he .had
bought a coin belt and that he would
carry the money in it if he did not
bank it.
EVIDENCE OF CONSPIRACY.
In these facts the Police Department
sees evidence of a conspiracy that De
tective Coleman thinks originated in
Chicago, where, according to his
theory, the; brothers, seeing that
they . could not get possession of
the money Mrs. Bowers held In trust,
decided to lure the woman to Califor
nia and here compel her to give it
them either by peaceful or foul means.
Coleman holds that it is another Soe
der case, but. this theory is ' not very
well borne out by statements made by-
Mrs. Bowers. Nor is there other than
the. testimony of the landlord and land
lady at 216 Kearny street, where the
Bowerses roomed during the first two
days spent in this city, to substantiate
the story that Harley and Robert Bow
ers fled with all of the wife's property.
However, the nolice are inclined to
place confidence In their deductions
and have discovered evidence that in a
measure bears them out.
"When my husband, his brother
and myself arrived in San Francisco."
said Mrs. Bowers yesterday, "we rented
a room at 215 Kearny street- I did
not like the locality and we decided to
move. ' \i'."
Eleven years ago Harley Bowers of
Chicago married Miss Butts of Carbon
dale, 111., and last Saturday' afternoon,
two days after the arrival of the couple
in San Francisco from the . Middle
West, the man suddenly disappeared,
taking with. htm all of the family coin
and personal, property, leaving his
wife penniless and sick in a community
,of_ strangers. This is the -brief intro
duction to a story- that contains much
"of pathos and mystery. The deserted
woman furnishes the 'pathos, the»police
detectives supply the mystery.
Wednesday morning Harley Bowers
and his wife reached this city on the
Central Overland train. Accompanying
the pair was Robert Bowers, a brother
of the woman's husband. The object ot
the trip of the brothers was ostensibly
to acquire some sort of business on the
coast, where they had decided to taKe
up their residence. Before leaving Chi
cago Mrs. Bowers, who at the time of
her marriage was considered a wealthy
woman, drew from the business of her
brother, William A. Butts, of Carbon
dale $3600, with which she intended to
assist her husband in the purchase of
such business as he might see fit to en
ter. Saturday morning Bowers had his
wife give him all the money that was
left— 53000— saying that he was going
to place it in a savings bank.
But Bowers did not stop at the ap
prppriating of the $3000. He took all or
Mrs. Bowers' dresses, her jewelry, her
little trinkets, such as women treasure
— her manicure sets, silverware 1 — in
short, everything that had a commer
cial value, leaving on the floor of their
rooming place a few soiled pieces or
linen after he had separated his own
apparel from the family, clothes bag.
Sick and despondent, the poor woman
is cared for by Mrs. Gunn, the landlady
of a flat at 176 Fell street, where the
Bowerses had come to live. Even the
small change that was in the sick wo
man's purse was taken.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Physician Bids Wife Farewell, Goes
to His Room and Calmly Car
ries Out Bis Scheme.
Eight Killings Charged to Kentucky
Cut-Throat Only Twenty-
Four Years 1 Old.
The-re is a distinct feeling of disappointment among Washington
Democrats at the final outcome of the passage at arms between Mr. Roose
velt and Judge Parker. They do not attempt to conceal • their feeline that
Judge Parker came out of it very much damaged, because he had no proofs
to produce and in his speech simply reiterated his first charges.
The President stood readv last night to make a reply to Judcrr Parker,
had he attempted to produce proofs in his Brooklyn speech. He waited
until midnight and received press dispatches giving the substance of what
Judge Parker said. When it was announced by Secretary Loeb that the
President would not make further reply, it was accepted that the personal
controversy between Republican and Democratic candidates' for the presi
dency was at an end and that nothing further would be forthcoming from
the White House. - ¦••¦-- i-**ix»- -.- „ ::....- • ..-¦•
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON, WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.—Presi
dent Roosevelt will make no rejoinder to Judge Parker's Brooklyn speech
of last night. Neither Mr. Roosevelt nor his friends think that any reply
if required. The President's position is that his own statement of Friday
night could be answered only by an attempt to offer proof substantiating
the Democratic charges of the last two weeks, and, since Judge Parker did
not do this, no further White House statement is expected.
Neither will the President make any reply to the statement issued bv
the Democratic National Committee to-night, to the effect that the Republi
cans have a J5.000.o00 trust fund. Whatever is said in answer to this is
likely to come from national headauarters in New York.
The President was not giving much attention to the Democratic
charges to-night, but ppent the entire evening with his family and received
no news. Secretary Loeb was not at his office to-night, and it was an
nounced at his house that he had retired at 9 o'clock.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Morphine, Chloroform and
Carbon Monoxide Give
Invalid Relief.
His Corpse Is Founfl Near
Tbose ol Officers WUo
Tracked Him.
SLANDER REACTS UPON HILL-BELMONT RING
His the Only Reputa
tion Damaged.
Notorious Desperado
Liptoh Day Dies
Fighting.
Oregon Doctor Makes
Elaborate Plans
lor Death.
Failure of Esopus Nominee
To Substantiate Bis Charge
Discourages the Democracy
USES DRUGS
AND GAS TO
END LIFE
TWO LUES
END WITH
OUTLAW'S
that of the conspiracy of
Leon Soeder, who killed
his brother-in-law.
MRS. HARLEY
BOWERS of
Chicago came
here with her
husband and her hus
band's brother last Wed
nesday. Saturday the
Bowers brothers disap
peared and with them" is
missing $3000 in cash
belonging to the estate of
Mrs. Bowers and all of
the woman's . personal
property. The police be
lieve that a conspiracy
existed to get possession
of the woman's money
by fair means or foul.
They liken the case to
LIKE A SOEDER PLOT, SAY DETECTIVES
MRS. HARLEY ROWERS LEFT ALONE AMONG
STRANGERS, ILL AND WHOLLY DESTITUTE
The final word in the passage between the rival candidates for the Presidency has
been spoken. President Roosevelt will ignore Judge Parker's reply to the statement is
sued from the White House denouncing the Democratic nominee for waging a campaign
of slander and falsehood. Judge Parker's utter failure to substantiate his charges has dis
appointed leading Democrats.
HUSBAND MISSING
WITH FORTUNE.
ROOSEVELT IGNORES PARKER'S BROOKLYN SPEECH
THE WEATHER.
Forecast xcade at Saa Fraaciaoo for
thirty hoars endis* mldnirht, Jfovem
ber 7:
San Francltco and rlclnlty— CJoufiy
Monday, probahly rain; frech aoutheast
¦wind. A. O. MeADIE,
District Forecaster.
THE THEATERS.
AUCAZA&— "Prince Karl."
CAUFORNIA— "Sweet Clow." .
CENTRAlr— "Her Marrla«r» ~Vow."
COLUMBIA — "The County Chairman."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER" S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "Pretty Peggy."
MAJESTIC— "An American <3tl«n.~
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "The Messenger Boy."
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY,. NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. ICO
The San Francisco Call. MILWAUKEE, Nov. 6.— Some of
the candidates on; the county tickets
of Milwaukee County delivered
speeches in ; different '¦ parts of the city
to-day. Betting throughout ithe.; city
on the result in the State is in favor of
Bettinc on La Follette. ¦. '
WHEELING, W. Va., Nov. 6. — Na
tional . Committeeman John L. Mc-
Graw and State Chairman O. S." Me-
Klnney, of the Democratic organiza
tion to-night both express the greatest
Democrats Making • Great Effort to
-j i Win the Legislature. , • '
WEST VIRGINIA'S OUTLOOK.
; \ BOISE, Idaho, Nov. 6. — The t regis
tration of the State foots t(p to 80,000,
about 20;000, more than two years ago.'
This ; increase produce^ a feature that
Is very difficult to estimate. The Re
publicans claim' 1 that they have fully
60 per cent of the new settlers. . Roose
velt's /majority in the State will be
Heavy Registration in Idaho.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. V 6.— -Joseph W.
Folk, the Democratic nominee for
Governor, and the Republican homi-;
nee, Cyrus W. . WalbjJdge, will : deliv'er,
speeches to-morrow, closing thefcam-'
paign. Folk's election is conceded. . rt ' r
Folk's Election Certain.
T /-4TTTC! Vn« I O ' t!~_~_
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Perry Bel
mont, acting chairman , of the Demo
cratic State Committee, gave : out a
telegram ¦ which he had received from
HC G. Davis. It was as*f ollows: . , .
,/EliKINS. W, Va.— I have Just returned from
another campaigning tour o. the State. On
thls^lrip, as on others during this campaign,
man)) Republicans have expressed to me
their , sympathy and determination to 'support
our > ticket. ¦ We Democrats are confident of
carrying . West Virginia. ¦ . ¦ " .
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 6. — About
the only interest in the national and
State tickets in Pennsylvania is the
size of the Republican plurality. Re
publican State Chairman Penrose pre
dicts a plurality of from 300,000 to
325,000 for the national ticket and the
tame vote for John P. Elkin, the Re
publican nominee for Supreme Court
Judge. Elkin's Democratic opponent
is Samuel G. Thomas, who holds the
place by appointment.
The Democratic managers have
made no estimates beyond saying that
the Republican prediction is too high.
City Republican Leader Durham says
Philadelphia will give a Republican
plurality of 130.000 to 133,000.
, The Demo'Brats have made a deter
mined fight in eight of th* thirty-two
J*rescnt Senator From Pennsylvania
; W11J Have No Opposition.
CHEERFUL WORD FROM DAVIS-
MILWAUKEE, Wis.. Nov. 6. — That
the Roosevelt electoral locket will
carry Wisconsin on Tuesday there
seems no question. Reports received
at the Republican State Central Com
mittee headquarters give the 'La Fol
lette managers every, reason to believe
that the Governor will be re-elected
by a plurality ranging between 50,000
and 75,000. On the other hand, the
Democrats figure ; from ttielr reports
that Peck will carry the State. :'¦ Their
figures are based on the discontent in
the Republican ranks and they add to
this about 15,000 votes which they
claim were formerly, for La Follette,
but will, not be cast for the Social
Democratic ticket. * - In ' the Congres
sional fight the Republicans are prac
tically sure of carrying six of the
eleven districts and the Democrats
one.
Victory for the Roosevelt Electoral
Ticket Is Conceded.
WISCONSIN IS SAFE.
BUTTE, Nov.' 6. — Republican man
agers to-night express themselves as
very sanguine over the outlook, pre
dicting that trom further reports from
the outlying districts the belief is
strengthened that Montana will go for
Roosevelt by .7500, . returning: Joseph
M. Dixon to Congress and electing a
Republican Legislature.
Democratic leaders declare there is
not the slightest doubt that Judge
Parker will carry the State by a good
majority, also - that the next Legisla
ture will be Democratic. The election
of Austin C.= Gormley- to "Congress is
forecast. . . .'
The election of " Governor J.' K.'.
Toole (D.) is practically conceded b>'
all parties.
Rival Political Managers Claiming
Everything in Sight.
MONTANA IN DOUBT.
RENO, Nov. 6.— -The campaign in
Nevada is virtually closed, though
both parties will hold concluding dem
onstrations in Reno to-morrow , night.
A careful poll of the State seems to
Indicate a safe plurality for Roose
velt. • . ¦• - • ,v.-V
The fight for United States Senator
and Congressman is exceedingly close.
An absolute prediction is impossible,
but the most conservative estimate
would give both offices to the Republi
cans. Tuesday's vote will be the heavi
est polled in Nevada in years. •
Careful Poll of State Indicates a Re
• publican Plurality, i .'-•<•>? ¦i->
George P. Adams Esq., Registrar of Vot
ers.. Room 112. City Hall— Dear Sir: We de
sire to acknowledge receipt of your communi
cation of November 4 regarding five, members
of the Fire Department registered from 676
Howard street, and & copy of a resolution
adopted by the Election Commissioners.
We regret that our previous communications
should have been so entirely misunderstood.
We stated that from the information we were
able to obtain, and we had taken special
pains to feel assured of Its correctness, the
parties named should be cited to appear before
.the Election Commission that they might as
certain if they were properly enrolled. We did
not demand tbe dlsfranchisement of any per
son who was entitled to vote, nor did we sug
gest that our statements should be considered
final or conclusive of illegal registration.
Doubtless such names are found by your of
fice before every election and stricken from the
rolls without great public comment.
Our information concerning the lists which
we have sent you seemed to us to Justify the
request which' we made, and the facts have
proved the wisdom of our suggestion. From,
the lists of about 382 . names submitted (not
lncludlns Chinese nor the last list of 2u3
names sent. you on the 5th inst.) you have re
ported but thirty-nine as properly entitled to
be registered. Prom the list which we sub
mitted as registered . from the City and County
Hospital, numbering fifty-nine, you have re
ported but twenty-six as properly on the reg
ister. Surely you cannot Justly Impugn our
motive or good faith when we now call your
attention to the remaining number of S43 who
have apparently, been found not entitled ¦ to a
place upon the 'great register.
Our misinformation regarding . the five fire
men registered - from the engine-house at 673
Howard street came from ' the fact that tha
open doors of the engine-house obscured the
number, and the adjoining house, which was
being torn down, gave our representative tha
impression that the parties registering from
676 Howard street, which would come at
about this 'spot, had occupied the house which
was being torn down and had moved there
from'and thus lost their right of registration
from that number. We much regret this er
ror. We would" call your attention, and
theirs, to the fact that we have never, in any
communication to you or to the press, desig
nated as "ballot box' stuff ers". any parties who
might be Illegally registered, for It doubtless
occurs from error, as well as from . intent, but
if the names remain upon the register after
the parties have left their residences. It opens
up an opportunity for the' would-be stufter to
use: the names, which act we feel it our duty
to prevent. If the case ¦ comes • within our
knowledge: and It Is not only the duty of the
Election Commissioners to prevent every pos
sible-case of. illegal voting or registration, but
to Investigate every suspicious case submitted
without questioning" the motives of the-indi
vidual or organization which suggests it. Very
respectfully. .¦ c- ¦'¦""'-
MERCHA NTS ¦ ASSOCIATION OP S Alf
'FRANCISCO. . .
Wlkfc- ' L. M. KING. Secretary.
Merchants' Association Replies to
Hoard of Election Commissioners.
The Merchants' Association of San
Francisco sends the following explan
atory letter to the Registrar of Voters:
' The Eagle. prints a forecast of the
vote in New -York State outside of the
city based upon figures not gathered
by the Eagle, nor according to its
methods, but obtained from trust
worthy sources. This indicates a
Roosevelt plurality of 102.127 above
the Bronx, a Parker plurality of 177,
648 below the Bronx and a Parker
plurality of 75.421 in the entire State.
The result' given to-day is based upon data
gathered from return cards sent Indiscriminate
ly to about 60,000 voters who registered on the
last four days of registration.
The Eagle's- New York figures give a total
indicated Parker plurality In Greater New York
of 150,071,.' and an Indicated Herrick plurality
in Greater New York of 233,919.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6. — The Brook
lyn Eagle to-day issued the figures
from its final postal card poll of
Greater New York. The Eagle says:
Result Indicates That Parker Will
Carry the Empire State.
NEVADA FOR ROOSEVELT.
ILLEGAL REGISTRATION.
Final Democratio rallies were held
to-night in a half-dozen places in the
borough of Manhattan, and all of the
meetings were well attended andi the
audiences were liberal with applause.
At Miner'B Bowery Theater the speak-'
ers included* Congressman Bourke
Cockran, who, in his reference to the
President, said:
i' felt that Mr. Roosevelt would be • able
to say ' before ! the close of the campaign that
he had not allowed a cent to be accepted from
dishonorable sources, but I am disappointed.
Persons are startled by the depravity of It.
It makes Judge Parker's election sure. As
much as ¦• X . want Parker's election, I do not
want it If tbe price of It Is the price of dis
credit of my citizenship. '
I do not estimate that the difference be
tween tha vote of Roosevelt and Hlggina in
New York County will exceed 11,000; so Hlg
glns should receive 143,000 as against 207,000
for Herrick, a plurality of 64,000 for Herrlck
In New York County.
If one did not have to keep In mind the con
siderable Democratic majorities cast In New
York County In the years gone by, it would
be! possible to estimate the majority against
Koosevelt In New York County would be -leas
than 1 42,000 and against Higgins less 1 than
C 1,000. But in any event I cannot sea how
these figures. will be exceeded.'.
-NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Governor
Odell refused to-night to give out
any figures on the State ticket, but
said he felt assured that Greater New
York could not roll up a big enough
majority to overcome the. vote that
Higgins would receive north of the
Harlem River.
William Halpinj chairman of the
executive ¦ committee of the Republi
can County Committee, to-night gave
out a forecast of the result. In which
he estimated 154,000 votes in. New
York County for Roosevelt arid 196,
000,for Parker, with about 40,000
votes going to the other candidates.
Concluding he says:
Believes Biggins' Vote Will Almost
Equal Roosevelt's.
ODELL IS CONFIDENT.
KNOX TO SUCCEED HIMSELF.
CHICAGO. Nov. 6. — At the wind
up of the State campaign the Repub
lican managers claim a plurality of
at least 120.000 for Charles Dineen.
the Republican candidate for Gover
nor. • This estimate allows him 40,-000
In Cook County and . 80,000 outside.
In reaching these figures the State
leaders have discounted reports they
received from organizations down the
State. A poll of precincts outside of
Chicago has shown figures which
the men at headquarters have not
been able to believe. Allowing a large
discount for enthusiasm and "hopes,"
they place Dineen's figures outside of
Chicago at £0,000.
The poll of the State, which gave
larger figures, was the most thorough
ever undertaken in Illinois, with one
exception. It was made through as
complete an organization as the State
ever had. Outside of Chicago this poll
Ehows a vote of 124,320 for, Dineen
and Roosevelt. These figures indicate
an Increase of 6% per cent for the
Republican ticket and a decrease of
more than 9 per cent for the Demo
cratic ticket.
When the polltakers in the various
precincts have been taxed with be
ing too enthusiastic and not suffi
ciently careful, they have come back
at the men at headquarters with a re
iteration of their flgrures and the as
sertion that they were absolutely cor
rect.
One county rtiow.ed an increase of
60 .ppr cent in the Republican vote,
and stoutly defended Its figures when
they were challenged.
The State managers, however. In
making estimates, shade these poll re
fiults. They cut more than 40.000 off
the result predicted outside of Cook
County.
Poll Shows Heavy Republican Gain
and Democratic Loss.
LANDSLIDE IN ILLINOIS.
Every Indication points to a great Democratic
success. I refrain from disclosing' the figures
which warrant this statement, because I do
not wish to risk the chance of Illegal methods
In certain up- State sections defeating the will
of the people.
In previous years I have given accurate esti
mates of the city vote, only to find that theOdell
managers provided by fraud election returns
enough votes, to overcome the city majority.
Prudence dictates now that the Republican
management should not know In advance tbe
majority which New York City will give fc>r the
Democratic ticket.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6. — Charles *F.
Murphy, leader of Tammany Hall,
when asked for a final estimate on the
result of the election, to-night said:
Tammany Chieftain's Ante-Election
Claims Are Unsupported. .,
MURPHY GIVES NO FIGURES.
Kentucky Liooks Parkerish.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Nov. e.— The
Republicans declare that If . they do
not carry the State for the national
ticket they will at least cut down tha
plurality given Bryan at the last elec
tion. The Democrats are very con
dent, some of the leaders estimating
Parker's plurality as high as 20,000.
ESOPUS. N. T.. Nor. 6. — Judgs
Parker returned to Esopus this even-
Ing to await the election result. Ha
passed a quiet day in New York at
tending: services at the Little Churcii
Around the Corner. The Judge was
accompanied by his secretary, Arthur
McCausland, and George F, Parker of
national headquarters.
Parker Returns to Esopns.
"I think it is but Just to myself that
this campaign lie, which Is being cir
culated at the last minute, should be
nailed. It Is a malicious, uncalled
for falsehood, as all my Intimates
know, but it is possible that soma
might be deceived by it."
Furoseth.. Denies Having Called .Mar
key an Enemy of Organized Labor.
Frank A. Markey, candidate , for
State Senator in the Seventeenth Dis
trict on the Republican and Labor
Union tickets, complains that he is
being maligned by an emissary of his
opponent, Joseph Plunkett, who Is cir
culating a falsehood. This man. one
Joseph Flannagan, it is said, has been
circulating a story to the effect that
Andrew Furuseth had said Markey
was no friend of organized labor.
"I have always been a consistent
and earnest worker, not only for my
union, but for the entire City Front
Federation and organized labor in
general," said Mr. Markey. "No one
knows this better than Mr. Furuseth,
and I was astonished to hear such a
statement regarding me attributed to
him. I accordingly had a friend of
mine, Gus Holgrem, call on Furuseth
and ask him ¦_ regarding: the matter.
Furuseth was surprised, and not only
made verbal denial, but also gave the
following note: 'I never said any
thing against Markey — A. . FURU
SETH.' v
The next "Legislature, which will
elect a successor to U.nited States Sen
ator John Kean, will, the Republicans
gay, be safely Republican.
TRENTON, N. JVNov. 6.— The in
terest in the State campaign in New
Jersey has" been' so great -that the
Democratic and Republican guberna
torial candidates will not close their
respective canvasses until to-morrow
night The Republicans reiterate. that
Roosevelt and Fairbanks will carry
the State by a large majority, and that
Stokes for Governor will, win by a
slightly reduced vote. The Democrats,
on the other hand, have more confi
dence in defeating Stokes than they
have in carrying the State for Par T
ker. . . .
Roosevelt Will Win, but Republicans
May Lose Governorship. r
NAILS CAMPAIGN LIE.
mm^M^M^^m
Opponents of E. A. Hayes are re
sorting to every form of misrepresen
tation to' prevent his election to Con
gress. In this style the nominee re
plies to one accusation:
The statement contained in yesterday's Ex
aminer, signed' by Conrad Bontz, charging me
with having stated during the railway strike
of 1895 that the strikers should be killed. Is
an Infamous falsehood. I never uttered such
Inflammatory, words in my life to any one.
Mr. Bontz's entire talk Is a tissue of cun
ningly devised falsehoods. Invented for politi
cal purpbaes. I regret that Mr. Bontz could
have found it In his heart to so grossly mis
represent me, particularly when during the
year and a half he spent at Eden Vale he
never received anything but-- kindness. W«
employed him when he- was in sore need,
during the days of common depression, and
his ingratitude now is quite beyond my com
prehension. ' E. A. HAYES.
Hayes Promptly Repels the Attack
. of nn Ingrate. ¦.;>¦¦,
CAMPAIGN OF CALUMNY.
Indications are that the Congres
sional elections will result in no
change In the complexion of Indiana's
representation. The Democrats prob
ably will elect four Congressmen and
.the Republicans nine.
Thomas Taggart, chairman of the
Democratic National Committee, spent
to-day in his olllce in conference with
party leaders. When asked for an ex
pression of opinion as to the result of
the election on Tuesday he replied:
• "Say to every one that the national
Democratic ticket is safe."
When requested ] to grive figures, he
refused. He was vigorous In his pre
diction that the Democrats of Indiana
would elect the State and legislative
tickets. - ''; -...-. •¦¦; ;
The Vice Presidential candidacy of
Senator Charles W. Fairbanks, the co
incident candidacy for re-election of
Senator Albert J. Beveridge and the
possibility "of the election of the Re
publican national ticket have injected
into the political situation in this State
a peculiar and unusual • contingency.
The possible necessity for the election
of the two United States Senators has
been the incentive for the Democratic
State Committee to concentrate its.ef
forts on the legislative ticket. Many
prominent Democrats believe their
party. will make serious inroads upon
Republican strength" in the legislative
districts. On the other hand, Repub
lican party leaders are confident that
the,., Republicans _will have .increased
representation in the 'Legislature.
' To-night It appears that Indiana, is
Republican by a safe majority. It is
the consensus of opinion that John W.
Kern, the Democratic candidate for
Governor, will run considerably ahead
of the national ticket.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 6. — There
ifl no perceptible change in the po
litical situation in Indiana since Sat
urday night The leaders of both
parties appear confident that their
work has been brought to a success
ful conclusion.
Hoosier State Will Return Roosevelt
Electors.
The Republicans claim the Legisla
ture and "the State and national, tick
ets, placing Roosevelt's majority, at
about 3000.
WILMINGTON. Del.. Nov. 6. —
About the most interesting develop
ment- of the campaign in Delaware
to-day was the claim of the Demo
crats that they would have a majority
in , the next Legislature which is to
elect a United States Senator to suc
ceed Senator Ball. They give no fig
ures, but base their claim on defection
in the Republican ranks over the com
promise candidate for. Governor. The
Democrats still believe their candidate
for Governor will be elected, and that
Parker has a good chance of carrying
the State. . -.
Democrats Claim a Majority of the
Delaware Legislature.
INDIANA IS ALL RIGHT.
HOPE TO GAIX A SENATOR.
I regard it as a distinct loss to the cause of
civil fervlce reform that he should have gravi
*;-.:<¦ 1 to duties and work nftr and so distinct
ly removed froji any relationship to this re
lorru, or *v*-n to the b^rt thing In politics. It Is
in rr.y belief most unfavorable that when Mr.
Cortelyou aesumes again Cabinet duties, as It
reemn to be conceded he will after the election,
be will be given the place not In Illustration
<<t civil service reform, but in payment cf work
performed, and. to say the least of it, the most
suspicious partisan service.
GROVER CLEVELAND.
The laft place his friends or the friends of
civil service reform wtmld have thought of as
<n<» he could appropriately occupy was that of
chairman of the Republican National Commit
tee, and the la« thing they could have ex-
I.Ttod him to do was to resign his well earned
»nd befitting Cabinet position to take such a
place-.
Mr. Cortniyou. before his selection as the
li'-ad of th>> partisan national committee, with
¦ II it Implies, was pre-eminentljr the best illus
tration the country afforded of the useful and
beneficial o}>erat;on of the civil service reform.
Avithout iniiurnce or powerful friends he earned
an hur. LK place in the public service through
civil service exairinati*!. He rose step by step
through his own merits to positions of the most
delicate and confidential character, and when
he was put 'at the head of an important and
n«>w department of the Government and took a
I>l3e* among the members of the President's
Cabinet, I i«li«>ve there was not a right think
ing man ia tti- United States who did not re
joice in his advancement a* well earned, and I
am sure *>\>>ry sincere civil service reformer
va» gratified by the opportunity afforded to
point to so convincing a Justification of the re
form.
From this arises my condemnation of the
••lion cf Mr. Roosevelt In putting him at the
hmt ot the Republican National Committee,
and this has nothing to do with the question
as to wheiliT or not Mr. Cortelyou has or has
not improperly or otherwite importuned or ob
tained contribution* from tru*t* and contribu
tions for tl>e campaign purposes. With thin
«ju»stio.i I have nothing to do. My complaint
is of a different sort.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6. — The Times
to-day printed a statement from for
mer President Grover Cleveland, given
in answer to a request that Mr. Cleve
land express his views on the recent
Ir-tter of President Roosevelt and the
previous remarks of Judge Parker.
The statement follows:
I »p« ihut Mr. Rocse%-elt, in his statement
j •;¦:.«¦?¦..¦¦! iliis morning in defense of himself
*n<i Mr. Cortelyou. * pe&k« of the latter as hav
ing hec-n my executive clerk In the White
Houfr*. He might have gone further and
ejxiken cf my high opinion of Mr. Cortelyou,
t ¦ ¦ :r.v:;s- to ;>er»onal attachment.
Assails Roosevelt While Praising His
Campaign Manager.
La Follette, some wagers being made
at 2 to 1 on the Governor.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6. — The Demo
cratic State Committee- telegraphed
to county and town committeemen
"along the Penns5 v lvanla and Canadian
borders to-day as follows:' . c : :
\Ve have specific information that squad*
of Republican colonizers from Pennsylvania,
and Canada are leaving to-day for your place.
They have been furnished with names and
addresses from the registry in your district
and will attempt to rote under these names.
Guard tthe depots with reliable men and use
every lawful effort to drive tbsm out.
The State Committee claims that
300 men left Sayre, Pa., yesterday for
Ithaca, Auburn, Geneva and Oswego;
that .200 men left for Elmira, " Corn
ing and Hornellsvtlle and . that 600
men have been distributed in Falls
burg, Monticello and Liberty. The
committee further states that plans
were made to colonize Watertown,
Antwerp, Lawrenceville and Ogdens
burg, all in New York State.
ing Attempted in New York.
Claim Wholesale Colonization Is Be-
BROOKLYN EAGLE'S POLIi.
But why did the trusts contribute to the Re
publican canvass? "They were asked," says
tbe outspoken former Secretary. .
Did they think they were buying a Presi
dency, or were they content with the assur
ance from the Republican candidate of "a
square deal?" In either case, upon their own
testimony, th« Republican candidate stands
to-day before his fellow countrymen as one
willing .and eager to accept for himself a
Presidency that has cost protected monopolies
the great' sum of $5,000,000.
Can $5,000,000 of trust money buy a Presi
dency? Can this sum, great as It is, contrib
uted In the hope of favors to be returned and
gratefully accepted as a necessary means- for
the gratification of personal ambition, suffice
to thwart the will of the American people?
We cannot, will not bow. before It. More
over, we have the cheering Intelligence to
convey to all Democratic, independent and pa
triotic citizens, that the most recent and
thorough canvasses of the doubtful States are
absolutely convincing that Judge Parker will
be elected."
FMlly appreciating the fact that within
forty-elrht hours the actual result will be
known, and keenly sensible of the responsibil
ity we assume, we declare our positive belief
that the Democratic candidates will receive
at least 270 votes in the electoral college.
We appeal to all patriotic citizen* to do
their duty to their country and participate In
the triumph of an unpurehasable people. ;: ,;
Five million dollars is the rum. More
could have been had If needed, but under the
present chairman's more careful direction it
was deemed sufficient / -
The only question remaining was how much
had been considered necessary. Fortunately,
even this Information was forthcoming. Simul
taneously with the preparation of the most ex
traordinary temperamental document, indica
tive of the keenest desperation, which has ever
emanated from th# White House, the candi
date's most intimate and trusted adviser, the
former Secretary of War, Just returned from
Washington, waa uttering another and more
detailed "defense" of his chief, in this city.
"The mere fact of contribution" he held to be
Inoffensive. His chief pride was In 'the'grewt
work acconipll&hed ' for so amall 'an expendi
ture. "Th<» fact is," he proudly declared, "that
it Is the smallest fund we have had for twelve
years — about one- half the Republican 'fund
when McKinley waa elected in 1890." -That
fund, it is well known, was, approximately, ten
million dollars. . Accepting these figures as
correct, therefore, "the Republican chairman
has had only about five million dollars at his
disposal. -¦•¦:.••' - "¦ :
The chain is complete— the trust contribu
tions not denied by either the candidate or
the chairman, unequivocally admitted, and the
amount plainly stated by the former Secretary
of War.
Neither he nor his chairman denied that con
tributions r.ad been accepted from the trusts,
for the simple fact waa undeniable and each
knew that it was susceptible of overwhelming
proof. The payments were "voluntary." not
forced; such, and such alone, was the burden of
denials, which were virtual admissions.
The sourc« of supply of this great Republican
campaign fund Is no longer a matter of suspi
cion. The Republican candidate declared with
great vehemence that he had promised nothing
more than he may be pleased to consider "a
square deal" in return for campaign contribu
tion*. Tbe Republican chairman, he Ylgorous
ly asserted, had assured him more than once
that ther« had been no necessity for making di
rect pledge?; that it had been found possible
to obtain aU the money needed up to that
time, at any rate, without doing f «•.
The Democratic candidate. If elected, will be
absolutely free from obligation, direct or Im
plied, to any person or group of persons, other
than tha whole people, who shall have en
trusted to htm the maintenance of the welfare
of the republic. ...
This committee asks for Itself only so much
credit as such conduct of a canvass may merit,
but it does feel that both the party and
the country are to be' congratulated upon the
fact thai out of discordance and weakness has
twtn wrought a union of strength. The diffi
culties attendant upon this achievement are
well understood. At every turn, by every con
ceivable method, In every doubtful district of
every doubtful Stats the efforts which we main
tain to have been at least patriotic and know
to have been creditable to both the ° candidate
and this committee have been met by an ava
lanche -of money. i
This committee has conducted a national
canvass in a manner. It believes, befitting the
dignity and integrity of the American people.
It his advanced no imaginative claims respect
ing results and has not accepted for use In the
campaign a single dollar from the tariff-bred
truvu, whose exactions have so greatly in
creased the cost of every necessary of life and
which are now contributing from their gains
great sums of money to perpetuate Republican
rule.
slaught Uik>ii Mr. Roosevelt.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— The National
Democratic Committee to-day gave out
a final statement for publication. It is
addressed to the "Democratic and in
dependent voters," and reads as fol
lows:
National Committee Renews Its On-
CLEVELAND LAUDS CORTELYOU
Some opinions were, expressed by
members of the different committees,
their views being that the election
¦would be a landslide for the candidate
they - supported. The wide difference
in ihe estimates of the two committees
ana the confidence which the managers
of both parties expressed caused no
little comment. There also was discus
sion upon the newspaper polls and
they were indorsed or discredited, ac
ourdlnp to the party bias of the per
eoii who cave an opinion.
Both committees received reports
during the day frcrm lieutenants in the
field and both claimed that the reports
bore out their predictions of success
and caused their respective partisans
to declare with increased confidence
their belief in the election of the can
didate they supported.
Continued lYom Pace I. Column 2
Parker and also making assertions
about the campaign fund of the Re
publican party. Chairman Cortelyou,
although ?ho\vn a copy of the state
ment, would make no comment. . The
Democrats claim 270 electoral votes.
Abo-ut the hotels where politicians
usually jrather and where great interest
is shown on the eve of an election,
there was the same quiet that has
inaiked the progress of the canvass.
A few groups in cafes discussed the
situation and expressed opinions on
the result, but there was no excitement
XHtr .offers to wager any large sum.
vhich have been a feature of previous
For his stand In this matter In behalf
of California Hayes was yesterday at
tacked by the Examiner. A local vision
ary by the name of Henning presented
to the Mercury In October an article
on the cured fruit industry, in which
he proposed to force the transconti
nental railroads to make the, freight
rates on dried fruit In boxes and bags'
when sent East the same. He then
claimed that Eastern dealers In fruits
would buy all their prunes in sacks and
pack them in boxes in^the East, since
with' the freight rates the same they
would not pay freight on the boxes,
paper lining or paper cartons, and the
increase in weight in processing, but
would take the prunes from the trays
after drying direct. East. The prunes
would then be packed In the East, and
all that labor which should be done in
California would be ' performed else
where. It was claimed that great good
would result to the growers, because
the dealer In the . East would be en
couraged to buy prunes In bags and
pack them there under his own brand.
In his letter published and approved
by the examiner Henning charged
that the prune market was confined to
six packers on the coast, 'that the
principal packing houses of the Santa
Clara Valley are on land owned by the
Southern Pacific and that there was
a combination between the railroad ¦
and the packing houses to keep the'
freight rate on fruit In bags higher
than that on fruit In boxes, bo that
all the 'fruit would move in the latter
state. Henning closed his appeal by
suggesting that the growers strike
against the so called discriminating
rate in favor of boxed prunes.
The article was referred to E. A.
Hayes, who has a large interest in the
Mercury, and is one of the oldest and
largest prune growers In the valley.
The Examiner in its campaign of filth
against E.' A. Hayes published yester
day an article that has set the Santa
Clara" Valley buzzing with interest.
Were the ideas in the article as pub
lished and approved by the Examiner
carried out the greatest Industry em
ploying labor in the Santa Clara Valley
would be wiped out. With it would go
allied industries. Every town south of
Palo Alto to Holllster, including San
Jose and Santa Clara, would suffer ir
reparable damage. Every merchant and
every merchant's employes, property
owners and business men In general
would suffer, directly or' Indirectly.
Hundreds of thousands of dollars in
vested In packing-houses and packing
house machinery would be a total loss.
The thousands of working men and
women employed in packing fruit
would be thrown out of work. Yet the
Examiner approves of this, and thus
shows the utter sham and hollow insin
cerity of Its claim that it is the friend
of the workingmen.
To create a nonsensical argument to
influence the fruit growers against
Hayes it is willing to paralyze the
greatest labor employing industry in
California, one that exists In every val
ley In the State and is the chief sup
port of many of our most thriving cit
ies. With its disregard for the protec
tion of home labor that has marked
every step of Its free trade career. It
advocates the election of Wynn over
Hayes because the latter insists that
California grown fruit, for the benefit
of working men* and women and fruit
growers alike, must be packed In Cali
fornia boxes by California working
people ' in California packing-houses
with the aid of machinery all made in
California, and should be exported un
der California brands to advertise the
State. '
SCHEME OF VISIONARY.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— The following
will appear in the San Jose Mercury.to
morrow:
?
DEMOCRACY'S CLOSING GASP,
! The Legislature will remain over
j whelmingly Republican. There is no
I indication of opposition to the election
j to the Senate in January of P. C.
I Knox.
Congressional districts and hope to in
crease their membership in the na
tional House by three. The Repub
licans claim the Republican delegation
I will remain the same.
confidence in the outcome. The Dem
ocrats claim they will elect S. W.
Walker in the Second and Allen C.
Murdock in the Fourth Congressional
districts, with good fighting chances
for Davenport in the Third and Alt
izer in the Fifth. ' Dovener, Republi
can, is expected to win over Barnes in
the Wheeling district, the normal Re
publican majority being between 4000
and 6000. The Democrats are making
a great effort to capture the Legisla
ture and the Republican tax reform
disaffection is aiding them materially.
DEMOCRATS HOWL "FRAUD."
Prunes go in -carload lots from Santa
Clara Valley to a thousand points in
the East. It would be impossible to
have a thousand packing houses there
to do the work that forty-five do here.
As a result tbe dealers in one or two
carloads would be at the mercy of the
dealer in large centers like New York
and Chicago who had packing houses.
Now he has the same freight rates
from San Jose as the larger dealer, but
under the Henning plan he would have
to pay anywhere from 51 to $10. per ton
additional local and handle the large
dealer's brand, which would tend to
discourage him in handling. It is In
comprehensible what folly has prompt
ed the Examiner to try to destrov th«
prune-packing Industry of Santa Clara,
Sonoma, San Joaquin and* Sacramento
valleys; the ralsln-packing industry of
Fresno, the box-making' Industry of
the Sierra Nevadas and the'machinery
making of San Jose and San Francisco.
Hayes is firmly against this scheme of
destruction to promote the candidacy
of his opponent.
Further, he concluded that California
prunes and Santa Clara Valley prunes
would lose their individuality because
the dealers in the East packing them
under their own brands could mix
them as thev pleased. The strongest
argument against Henning's project, in
Hayes' mind, aside from the Inconceiv
able folly of destroying our packing in
dustry, was that the grower would be
at the mercy of tKe Eastern man, his
fruit would be much delayed- in mar
keting and his prunes would have to
pay heavy local freight rates in the
East.
AT MERCY OF EASTERNERS.
He investigated and found that in
stead of six packing houses there were
in the Santa Clara Valley alone fifty
cured fruit packing houses; that only
seven of these were on ground belong
ing to the railroad and these were not
the largest; that the packing houses
included those belonging to the
Mountain View Co-operative Associa
tion, the Sunnyvale Co-operative As
sociation, the Santa Clara County
Fruit Exchange, representing over 600
growers; the Campbell Fruit Growers"
Union, the Cupertino Association, the
Berryesaa Growers' Union, th« East.
Side Growers' Union and the West
Side Growers' Association, represent
ing a very large proportion^ of the or
chard acreage of the valley. He found
I that many other packers were grow
ers as well as packers. He also de
cided that to ship Santa Clara Valley
prunes to the East In bags altogether
would gravely increase the danger of
loss from worms, since prunes, must
be processed with hot water to mak«
them proof against insect germination.
Instead of printing it to gain any
thoughtless votes as the Examiner has
done. Hayes gave it study, calling on
his fund of practical knowledge in the
fruit business. He decided that the
ideas advanced were impracticable,
and for the most part meretricious.
3IAKES INVESTIGATION'.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The political campaign which, closes
to-night as far as /public rallies and
party .demonstrations are concerned
has not; excited a vast deal of enthusi
asm, but there are Indications that a
large vote inrthe* city and throughout
the State will* be cast' to-morrow. The
electors generally .have decided how
they will vote'; and" in reaching the "de
cision they have not been influenced by
bombs, -sky rockets and brass bands.
The hottest, fighCon the whole Hne. is
in the Second Congressional 'District.
At Republican State Committee.head
quarters there is confidence that Dun
can E. McKinlay.. will be elected to
Congress, to succeed Theodore.. A. .Bell.
The story is told at party headquarters
that Bell, at St. Helena last Friday,
made a strong appeal . for the native
son vote, remarking that he would not
speak to or shake hands with any na
tive son that voted against him.
There will surely be a great demon
stration at Santa Rosa to-night in
honor of Duncan E. McKinlay, the Re
publican standard bearer in the Second
District. Governor George C. Pardee,
Judge H. A. Melvin'and Mr. McKinlay
will address the legions of Sonoma
County. The prospect of a sweeping
victory for the" Republican cause in
Sonoma are hourly growing brighter.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins will speak to the people of Butte
County at Chico to-night. If any voter
in the county, Republican or Demo
crat, entertains the notion that The
Call .misquoted Senator Perkins in the
interviews relating to the construction
of the*" collier at\Mare Island Navy
State Senator Charles M. Shortridge
and Duncan E. McKinlay will speak
at Sebastonol this afternoon.
At St.. Helena United States Attorney
Marshall *B. Woodruff and Judson C.
Brusie will address the people of Napa
County.
At Woodland Colonel T. "V. Eddy
will speak In masterly and convincing
style. v-> >
J. C Needham. whose election to
Congress for a fourth term is not
doubted, will be welcomed to-night by
his fellow citizens of Modesto.
George A. Knight will address the
people of San Joaquln County at
Stockton this evening.
E. A. Hayes, Republican nominee
for Congress in the Fifth District, will
be the chief speaker at the rally to
be held to-night at Woodword's Pa
vilion on Valencia street. All the Re
publican legislative candidates in the
Assemblv.' districts within the boun
daries of the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict will attend the rally and speak to
the voters. ..
Under, the auspices of the colored
citizens of San Francisco a meeting
will be held to-night at Bethel African
Methodist Episcopal Church, 1207
-Powell street, near Jackson. Julius
Kahn, A. Burleigh and several of the
legislative candidates will address the
audience. - -. • ,"->,<,;,
Yard, and the allotment of $22,000 for
Sacramento River improvement, ; let
him ask for the Senator's version of
the legislation.
J. N. Gillett, Republican nominee for
Congress, . First District, whose re
election is assured, will speak at Eu
reka to-night.
The eloquent and magnetic Thomas
B. Dozier of Shasta will speak at Oak
Park, Sacramento, to-night.
John F. Davis, the peerless orator of
California, will address the people of
Jackson to-night.
Julius Kahn Will Address Colored Cit
izens at A. M. E. Church.
Worth of Scheme to Pack Fruit in East Is Shown
National Committee Claims the Electoral
Vote oi the Solid lorth ior Roosevelt
Opposes Plan to Take From the State
Work That Supports Californians
Hayes Meeting To ° Jfight
ENORMOUS REPUBLICAN GAINS IN
MIDDLE WESTERN STATES
REPUBLICAN RALLIES
TO FINISH CAMPAIGN
HAYES TRUE FRIEND
OF THE LABORER.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
2
APV^TJSEMEXTS.
...Do Not» Forget* to Vote for...
James flt Seawell
For Judge of the Superior Court» , ; :
BECAUSE
He IsHONEST.Be Is CAPABLE, He Is DESER71N8
"He is the type of man that ought to be on the
' bench, the scholar and gentleman, the sound lawyer,
the fair judicial mind, the patient temper, the quick
grasp of argument, the absolutely honest man."
San Francisco Bulletin, Oct. u, 1904.
? * * "this city Is on its honor to gee to It that
James M. Seawell is triumphantly re-elected.**
The October 11, 1004.
"An able and independent judiciary is the sole
safeguard of- all rights and the conservator of public
order and peace- * * * With this high conception
of the judicial office The Call' advises the election of
Superior Judges Seawell," etc
San Francisco Call, Oct. 12, 1004.
"The courts and the Judges are the bulwarks of
our liberties and our property rights. To tamper
with the judiciary is to commit the most dangerous
crime against the State. The Chronicle favors the
election as Superior Judges of the incumbents, Judge
Seawell," etc.
San Francisco Chronicle, Oct. 14, 1904.
"This boom of Judge Seawell is a healthy sign—
a sign that shows how ready voters are to do the
right thing when the proper course is pointed out to
them." San Francisco Post, Oct. 28, 1904.
VOTE FOR T7lS FAITHFDL PUBLIC SERVANTSpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 6.— A merchant
to-day positively ide>*lfled the body, of
the man found In Rose Canyon Friday
as that of Lawrence O'Brien, formerly
of Santa Ana and a onetime business
man in San Francisco, where he con
ducted a drygoods store. The matron
of the Helping Hand Home Identified
the remains as those of a man who
had stopped at the home for two or
three weeks and who had worked , f or
Dr. Maria B. Averill, putting in lawns
and doing odd chores. He was 60 years
of age.
Bowman, a workman at the Rose
Canyon brick yards, testified, and his
testimony was corroborated, that there
were three shots heard from the direc
tion of the canyon on the night preced
ing the "finding of the, body.
An examination of the srro-und
Steclal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 6.— Edward Shields
was killed yesterday at Barneston*'by. a
peculiar accident while felling trees
with A. Kelle. A tree on a hillside
had been cut, and when It was about
to fall Kelle and Shields ran to a
place of safety. They were well out of
the way of the falling tretf when It
struck the ground. They did not no
tice, however, that in falling. the tree
had* started another small tree, and
that it in turn had dislodged a log on
the hillside. 1
The log started down the hill di
rectly toward the spot where Kelle
and Shields had run. Kelle shouted
to Shields. to jump. Shields made an
attempt'to get out of the way of the
log, "r. but only Jumped In . its path. He
was struck by the log and cut com
niptplv in two "
DIES IX THE ATTEMPT
TO SAVE WIFE FROM FIRE
Remains of Slan Killed by
Fall in South Are Those
of Former San Franciscan
. •
Logger Meets With an Awful
Fate While Cutting Tim
ber in a Washington Forest
Explorers Return From North.
COPENHAGEN, fJov. 6. — Mylius
Erickseh's expedition, after two and
a half years' exploring In Greenland,
returned to-day with valuable ethno
logical and scientific records, the ex
plorers having lived with the natives
studying their language and customs.
Jealous Husband Kills Wife.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 6. — "Bill"
Hatfleld shot and killed his wife,
Maud, and then blew out his brains
at Meeteetse, Wyo.; to-day. Jealousy
was the cause of the tragedy. J
CUT IN TWAIN
BY FLYING LOG
IDENTIFY BODY
FOUND IN GULCH
Iowa's Republican Mnjorlty.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Nov. 6. — The
Iowa campaign is practically closed,
with the exception of a few speeches
of Secretary Shaw in Crawford Coun
ty. The Republican managers await
the issue .with -all confidence. The es
timate of Chairman Spence of the Re
publican State Committee of 115,000
majority Is the one most generally ac
cepted over the State. . ' V'
J. Craig, cash'ier of the Woodland
Bank, is at the Grand.
G. W. Phelps. a mining man of Tuc
son, is at the St. Franci3.
W. L. Carter, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, is at the Occidental.
D. S. Dollar, a wealthy lumber man
of Mendocino County, is at the Lick.
Arthur A. Govan of Bridge of Allan,
Scotland, who is touring the country,
is at the St. Francis.
R. A. Grigsby, who interested in
quicksilver properties near Calistoga,
is staying at the Occidental.
John H. Wholly, military instructor
of the Mount Tamalpais Military Acad
emy, Is a guest at the Occidental.
Judge and Mrs. John F. Finn of this
city, who have been abroad for a year,
returned yesterday and are registered
at the Palace.
Judge James E. Fenton o£ the
United States District Court of Alaska
arrived from the north yesterday and
Is staying at the Occidental.
PEItSOXAL.
Gang of Mail-Box Thieves.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 6. — A gang of
mail-box thieves is operating in this
city. Thursday night or early Friday
morning three boxes on Florence
Heights were broken open and rifled.
This morning the same boxes and two
others were robbed. At present there
is no way of forming an idea as to
what the thieves secured.
Shoots •Drunken Parent and Afterward
Slakes Assertion That It
Was Accidental.
DETROIT, Mich., Nov. 6. — Edward
Howard, a pattern maker, was shot
and killed at his home here to-day by
his son Arthur, aged 21. The elder
Howard, who had been drinking, at
tacked his wife because she refused
to give him money for more liquor.
The daughter came to the mother's
rescue. How r ard pinned them both
to the floor and was choking them
when the son entered. The son and
mother assert that the ' shooting was
accidental.
SOX KILLS FATHER, WHO
HAD ATTACKED MOTHER
Twelve Men of Reddine Find Waiter
Guilty of Killing Fellow Em
ploye In Keswick.
REDDING, Nov. 6. — Thomas Ways
man, who killed Patrick Philbin at
Keswick on July 16 last, was found
guilty this morning of murder in the
second degree. The Jury made a rec
ommendation for mercy.
Philbin was a co.ok at a company
boarding-house in Keswick. Waysman
was employed there as a waiter. The
two quarreled repeatedly and finally
as the result of a quarrel the cook
was killed by Waysman. The prisoner
claimed the cook approached him with
some rags in his hand that he believed
concealed a revolver and that he shot
to save his life.
MURDER IN SECOND DEGREE
U;- IS THE VERDICT OF JURY
In these days of early winter philan
thropy is in the air. The latest bid for
the kindly disposed comes in behalf of
the Girls' Home. of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society — a very worthy phase of
philanthropy — and Mrs. James S. Fen
nell has graciously tendered the use of
her artistic new home to the cause.
On Wednesday evening, November 9,
Mrs. Fennell, assisted by many earnest
women who find time to do that which
lies at their hands, will give a recep
tion, with a high-class entertainment,
at 330 Frederick street for the raising
of funds to furnish the new Girls'
Home.
The new institution is located at 1205
Gough street. It is hoped that the re
ceipts from Mrs. Fennell's reception
will materially aid the splendid charity.
That all who care to contribute to the
cause may do so Mrs. Fennell has fixed
the price of admission at 50 cents.
The following programme will be pre
sented during what promises to. be a
most delightful evening: Mrs. F. F.
Shea, soprano solo; Miss Lenor Burke,
whistling aria; Miss Julia Sullivan, con
tralto solo; George Clark, specialties;
Mr. and Mrs. Will D. Shea, cornet
solo; Occidental Quartet; Miss Lillian
Byrnes, soprano solo; S. Riley, recita
tion; Mrs. M. MeGlade, soprano solo;
Frank M. McAlner, violin solo.
Continued From Page 1, Col. 5.
ings and was told by the landlady that
my husband had left, taking with him
all of our personal property, leaving
only a few pieces of soiled linen that
belonged to me behind. He had care
fully separated his own clothing from
mine, but several expensive dresses
and all of my jewelry and trinkets
were gone. Even my little purse with
55 40 in it had been appropriated. I
was left without clothing or a dollar
to my name. Had it not been for the
extreme kindness of the people of this
Fell street house I don't known what
1 should have done for food and shelter.
"I have been suffering from heart
failure fcr nearly two years and one
reason that I desired to come to Cali
fornia was to better my health. I
was advised to do so by my physician
in Chicago and it was not altogether
Harley's idea that we followed when
we came West. We were going to try
Los Angeles or Seattle If San Fran
cisco did not suit us-
"The police say that after leaving
the Kearny-street lodging-house my
husband and his brother purchased a
dress suit case from a Kearny street
store and when last seen were going
down Kearny toward California.
"I have always found my husband
to be a good hearted man. although his
ideas were extravagant and he was al
ways on the move. He never liked to
stay long in one place. He and his
brother were together a great deal and
they always dressed alike. Harley is
thirty-five years of age and Rcbert is
thirty-nine. Th«y look much alike
and are fond of putting on style. My
husband, during the eleven years of
our married life, has never been unkind
to me except on one occasion and that
was soon forgotten. Of course. I am
inclined to "believe that I have been
cruelly doserted, but I still think that
there Is a possibility that something
may have happened to him. We are
strangers here and we did not know the
city or the people. Something may
have happened to' both of them when
designing men discovered that they had
money on their person — but at the same
time the circumstances do not seem to
point strongly to this."
STORY BY POLICE.
Mrs. Bowers, it is" told by the police.
had some trouble with her husband :
about four years ago. He fell in love
with a woman named Eloise Parker of
Chicago, but his wife persuaded him to '
give her up. He was proprietor of a i
machinery plant and was a successful
workman. The wife says Bowers was
a money-maker and always command- I
ed a good salary. She thinks that if he
has really left her he has gone to Port
land, where he is acquainted.
There is a chance of there being a
woman in the case. The disappearance
of Mrs. Bowers' new clothing seems to
bear out this theory. Detective Cole
man, however, says he sees in the de
velopments a conspiracy that had its
birth in Chicago. The relatives of Mrs.
Bowers were opposed to Harley Bowers
and urged his wife to leave him. Thev
were the custodians of a few thousands
that remained of her fortune, and re- %
fused to allow the husband to handle
the money.
"I think that it is another Soeder
case," said Coleman. • "When Bowers
found that he could not get the money
by peaceful means it was his intention
to kill her. Her kinsmen had her
money when she was in Chicago and
they would not! give It to him. so he i
put up a job to get her to come to'
California. I think the brothers are on
their way to Portland and will be cap- i
tured."
The brothers are each about five
feet seven inches tall, and are dressed
In dark suits of the same pattern and
make. Harley. weighs about 150 pounds:
Robert weighs about 165 pounds.
FENNELL HOME
TO BE OPENED
FOR CHARITY
SICK WIFE ROBBED, DESERTED
AND NOW WITH STRANGERS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— A birthday
party for 150 "raw food babies" was
given in Harlem yesterday by Mr. and
Mrs. John H. Carroll to celebrate the
eleventh anniversary of the bh«.a of
their daughter Irene, who was reared
on the physical culture plan.
There was no cake at this birthday
party — only raw wheat, raw vegetables,
nuts and a smack of apple juice to let
the little ones know the joys of life.
There were no frivolous pastimes,
such as clap in and clap out, postofflce
and droo the handkerchief. Instead,
the children amused one another with
feats of strength and exhibitions of
muscular* skill. There wer§_ "jiu jltsu
babies" and "natural system babies"
and "apparatus system babies," babies
representing all of the dozen other sys
tems of physical culture. Not one had
ever tasted of cooked food and all
turned up their noses at candy.
Eight-year-,old Odin Thomas. In
trunks and jersey, in "strong . baby"
exhibitions, proved he was as strong
as a 14-year-old boy who had Just
started in phvsical culture.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 6. — Unless weather
conditions prevent the greatest demon
stration of its kind in the history of the
world will take place at the World's
Fair beginning to-morrow. Housed in
the aerodrome are five flying machines,
embodying as many different princi
ples and varying In size from the mon
ster airship invented and built by Hip
polyte Francois of Paris, with its im
mense gas bag, containing 65,000 cubic
feet of hydrogen gas' to l< the compara
tively small balloon belonging to A. L.
Reynolds of Los Angeles, which when
fully inflated has a capacity of only
2000 cubic feet.
In principle of propulsion* the airships ;
vary as widely as they do in size. Two
of them come to the World's^ Fair with
records of successful flights'; one, the !
Baldwin "California Arrow," has dem- '
onstrated on two occasions thaj it Is
dirigible and not dependent upon cur- j
rents of air for its momentum. I
To-morrow the first flight is scheduled \
for the contest for the grand prize, of ,
$100,000 offered by the exposition com- j
pany. ''¦';'¦ ;':..•> j
The course is to be an L shape, the
start to be made at the angle of the L
and the length of the full course to be |
not less than ten miles nor more than ;
fifteen. The number of trials allowed
is unlimited, but each competitor must
make the full course at least three
times. The winning time shall be the
average^ of the three best trips, provided :
that this average time be at least twen
ty miles an hour. ,
Captain Baldwin will make a flight ¦
to-morrow or Tuesday. While his ma- |
chine will not cover the prescribed
course as a contestant for the grand '¦
prize, Captain Baldwin will instruct
Knabenshue, his navigator, to sail over ;
an arranged course for a test of the '
speed. Upon the outcome of this trial
will rest Captain Baldwin's entry for
the grand prize. . " . ?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
First Flight to Take Place
for the Grand Prize of a
Hundred Thousand Dollars
New* York Infants Who
Turn Up Their Noses at
Cookery Hold a Eeunion
BABES THRIVE
ON RAW FOOD
Behind all other explanations of the
Innst>ruck affair there is the racial
hatred between Italians and Austro-
Germans in the Italian provinces sub
ject to Austria, the latter element hav
ing vainly tried for five centuries to
Germanize the provinces. Austria's
refusal to establish art Italian faculty
in the University of Trieste has.. been
attributed to the fear that it would re
sult in the university becoming the cen
ter of an anti-Austrian propaganda.
The disturbances, it is alleged here,
were provoked by aggressions on the
part of the Germans.
The Cabinets of Vienna and Rome
are doing what they can to smooth over
the difficulty.
MIIiAN* SCENE OF CLASH.
MILAN, Nov. 6. — About 500 students
to-day gathered in the center of the
city crying "Down with Austria!" and
called to the balcony of his hotel the
Innsbruck correspondent of II Corriere
Delia Sera, who had just arrived from
that place after having been severely
maltreated by Germans. Subsequently
four Germans who were sitting in a
cafe began singing "The Watch on the
Rhine." Requests that they cease met
with further Insults and further decla
rations that the Italians were cowards.
A fight with sticks ensued and a num
ber were injured. The police restored
order.
AUSTRIAN' PRIME MINISTER
WHO IS DEALING WITH THE
DISORDERS AT INNSBRUCK.
Frank H. Cranford and his wife lived
at 335 Tenth avenue and left for the
East ten days ago. As they had only
resided In that locality a short time the
neighbors knew very little about them.
Cranford was a carpenter by occupa
tion.
VIENNA, Nov. 6.— Prime Minister
von Koeber this afternoon had a
stormy interview with Herr Erler.
vice burgomaster of Innsbruck, and
Herr Denschatte, leader of the Peo
ple's party. The Premier firmly" de
clined to close the Italian faculty of
the University of Innsbruck.
INNSBRUCK,, Nov. 6.— Disorders
were renewed late this evening. A
mob paraded the streets, whistling and
catcalling and throwing fireworks
under the feet of the horses of the
gendarmes, who were attempting to
disperse them. Reinforcements for the
gendarmes finally arrived, scattered
the rioters and closed the road to the
Imperial Palace to all traffic.
The body of the artist. Prezzey. who
was stabbed through the heart with a
bayonet during the rioting here the
night of November 3, was buried this
afternoon^ Perfect order was main
tained. A" strong force of gendarmes,
kept the route clear and large detach
ments of troops were held in reserve.
The City Council had decided that the
funeral should be at the public ex
pense and black nags were hung on all
public buildings. The coffin was fol
lowed to the cemetery by the burgo
master, members of the City Council,
the rector of the university, members
of the Academic Senate and students'
clubs carrying flags. After the funeral
crowds promenaded the streets sing
ing German patriotic songs.
ROME BLAMES GERMANS.
ROME, Nov. 6. — When Premier Gio
litti came into power a year ago he
found the relations between Italy and
Austria in a very disturbed condition
in consequence of the fact that anti-
Austrian demonstrations 1 had been tol
erated by Signor Zanardellu, his prede
cessor, who it is alleged winked at the
propaganda for the union with Italy of
the Italian provinces that are still sub
ject to Austria,
Signor Giolitti changed all this and
assured Austria she had nothing to fear
from Italy. This was publicly empha
sized by the meeting at Abazzia in
April last of Signor Tlttoni,* the Italian
Minister of Foreign Affairs, and Count
Goluchowski. the Austrian Chancellor.
However, Austria's denial of the re
quest of her Italian subjects for a na
tional university at Trieste led up to
the troubles at Innsbruck, which have
endangered the good relations between
the two governments. -
BANGOR, Me., Nov. 6.— There was
joy in the home of Richard S. Davis,
in the town of Brewer last night when
his daughter, Stella, now Mrs. Frank
Cranford of San Francisco, crossed her
father's threshold for the first time
since she was mysteriously kidnaped in
1869, then a 3-year-old girl.
At the time she disappeared the Da
vis family lived in Bangor. The kid
naping created great excitement at the
time. Mrs- Cranford was so young
when she was stolen that she has no
recollection of the circumstance. She
grew up with a family on the Pacific
Coast, with which she was left.
A long time after she was taken from
her home, a relative of the family ac
cidentally discovered a clew which
eventually led to the identification of
the lost child then grown • up. She
married Frank Cranford of San Fran
cisco, who came East with his wife to
visit her home and relatives.
AIRSHIPS WILL
COMPETE TO-DAY
j ROME, Nov. 6.— The general election
j for members of the Chamber of Depu
ties took place to-day* and up to mid
night no serious incident had been re
ported. Results ascertained from about
I three-fifths of the constituencies show
| that the power of the extreme parties
•.has been diminished without, how
i ever, materially augmenting the num
j her of Ministerial followers, as most of
i the new recruits are Conservatives, who
' may be expected to soon abandon' Pre
\ mier Giolitti, a Liberal.
| Sonnino, the leader of the constitu
tional opposition, has lost some of his
followers, owing to the fact that Milan,
which formerly was represented by Ex
tremists, has elected two Conservatives,
one Clerical and two Socialist Econo
mists, one of whom, Turatl, was sup
ported even by non-Socialists. As Tu
rati, though a leader of the Social Econ
omists, condemned the general strike,
his election is regarded as a reply to
that strike.
Genoa, where the strike was most vio
*lent, overthrew the extremists.
Ferri, the Socialist leader, in most of
the forty constituencies gathered only
a few votes. The Clericals voted almost
everywhere for Conservative candi
dates. Further returns and second baf
lotings next Sunday may considerably
change the situation.
* *
LONDON, Nov. 6.— Marie Tempeat la
still under the management of Charles
Frohman, and if London Ukes "The
Freedom of Suzanne," as her new pleca
Is called, Americans will see it as soon
as the English run Is over. This play
Is In three acts and tells the story of
a young wife, who has just obtained a
divorce from her husband. Not for
any reason of great seriousness, main
ly, in fact, for the sake of "liberty."
Hardly, however, has her complaisant
husband been got rid of and the "free
dom of Suzanne" obtained than that
lady begins to sigh for the yoke again.
And, needless to say, the end of the
play finds her back in It, but only after
happenings that should provide con
siderable amusement
This, by the way, is Marie Tempest's
fourth venture since she said good- by
to light opera and blossomed out as
a comedy actress. She made her debut
In "English Nell," the Nell Gwynne
play which Anthony Hope made out
of his novel, "Simon Dale." Then she
appeared as Becky Sharp in the drama
tization of "Vanity Fair" made by
Robert Hichlns, and with so much suc
cess that she needed no new piece for
a year or more, when she scored again
in "The Marriage of Kitty," which ran
fcr 350 nights In London before being:
taken to the United States. • ~, . «
Since he gave us that brightly writ
ten musical comedy, "Three Little
Maids," Paul Rubens has been heard
from only as the author of certain "ad
ditional numbers" for works from other
pens. In collaboration with Colonel
Newnham-Davis, however, he has been
working on a new piece, which is now
finished and about to be produced by
George Edwardes. It is called "The
Mischief Maker," and will be given at
the Prince of Wales Theater- Colonel
Newnham-Davis, known heretofore
chiefly as an amusing writer about res
taurants and their patrons, is the lat
est son of Mars to turn his attention
to the stage, thus following in the
footsteps of Captain Marshall and Cap
tain Basil Hood.
MORE GLOOM FROM GORKI.
Maxim Gorki's new play, "Summer
Visitors," which the Russian drama
tist has just been reading to his
friends, may be given in London
eventually by some courageous soul,
but it Is not likely. For although
across Jhe North Sea they seem to en
joy somber plays, English folk do not
and Gorki's newest piece is even gloom
ier than his other works. The "Sum
mer Visitors" are the better classes of
Russian society, who, says the play
wright, are like holiday makers in the
country, always on the lookout for
fresh fields and new excitements. Gorki
declares that the life lived" in these
circles is like a bog which smothers all
the living strength of the rising gener
ation.
Unlike those in Gorki's other pieces,
the people of this one are all society
folk. The heroine is a young girl who
tries to reform her friends, but who
succumbs in the struggle which she has
undertaken. There is a typical Gorki
scene, in which, from her dying bed,
this girl gives a sort of lecture to her
relatives on the "canker gnawing at
Russian society." and Implores them
to renounce their fast life. The piece
will be given at the St. Petersburg
Dramatic Theater. Gorki's friends are
said to have been much impressed with
Its power.
CHARGES FOR AUTOGRAPH.
Paderewski has begun to charge
money for his autograph. The pianist
is new In Australia, but he writes to
a friend here that "the percentage of
autograph hunters is larger in the An
tipodes than in any other part of th©
world." So, not long ago, he deter
mined to charge his Australian admir
ers half a crown, or sixty cents, apiece
for his autograph and he says that he
means to devote the proceeds to the
Chopin memorial fund at Warsaw.
"Le Grillon du Foyer" is a long way
from suggesting Dickens to the non
linguistic Anglo-Saxon, but that is the
title under which an adaptation of "The
Cricket On the Hearth" is being given
at the Paris Odeon. This Dickens play,
in which Toole made one of 'his greatest
successes and which Arthur Bourchier
revived in London last winter, is at thi3
writing delighting crowded houses at
the Latin quarter theater. Janvier plays
Caleb Plummer and Mile. Sylvie Is little
Dot. Both* are capital, and incidental
music by Massonet adds greatly to the
success of the piece.
One of Arthur Paterson's novels, "Th»
King's Agent." has just been drama
tized by Edward Rose, whose play will
be given in London soon after Christ
mas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Italian Faculty
Will Not Be
Molested.
The approach of the election furnish
ed a theme yesterday for many ser
vices In leading pulpits. Well-known
clergymen of divers denominations
pleaded with eloquence and force for
the patriotic observance of the duties
of good citizenship and inveighed
against bribery and other crimes
against the ballot.
The Rev. Francis M. Larkin. Ph.D..
spoke at the Grace Methodist Church
last night on "A National Civic Crime."
He said In part:
The battlefield to-day of Christian civiliza
tion 1b In the cities of our land. A few gen
erations ago it was in the ccuntry and on the
frontier. Hut the little red sehoolhouse and the
< hurch have won the victory in the rural dis
tricts. Changed industrial conditions have
made the modern city, with its great wealth
end great poverty; th»y have produced the idle
classes ;a the plum end in the suburb. The
criminal, the vicious and the unfortunate flee
no more to the frontier, but to the city. Here
every crime seeks to flourish, in secret or with
th» connivance of the officials.
The enemies of righteousness find their great
est ally in bribery. Thin is no ordinary crime.
It Is treason more vicious than the treason of
Benedict Arnold. K* betrayed one government
in another. But this civic crime barters every
thing dear to hom« and country in the interest
cf vice and crime. It means a regime of In
famy and threatens the destruction of cur
democracy. Thiscrimeis prevalent In all the city
joveraments of our land. Minneapolis and St.
l/v:!s have been stirred to action by the reve
iations of the last two years. San Francisco
hat had one revelation after another, yet our
ehaxne is «o great that there has b*en no gen
eral uprising of the people to purge our city.
Scandal after scandal has come to light, but
the people sleep on, and no one is sent to San
CJuemln. This is not k> much the fault of
those In polities as those out of politics.
The eplrit of bribery Influences us in cur
fcnsinese and cocial relations. We are bribed
by business success to leave politics alone.
TV« are bribed hy our desire for social peace to
IK things run. We say. "Hush!" "What's
the use?" "We can't do anything." And our
Interests are bartered away by the worst ele
ments of t^ie city. The ancients hired men to
play the fool for them: we play the fool our
relres. It Ss time for San Francisco to awak*
to the enormity of the situation. When a
Mayor ceeks tlie election cf Superior Judges,
apparently in the interest of his own adminis
?ratlc!i. it i* time fcr the people to arouse
themselves.
A SACKED DUTY.
"The American Voter and His Rela
tion to the Saloon on Election Day"
•w~as the subject of a sermon preached
by the Rev. A. C. Bane at Howard-
Ftre»t Methodist Episcopal Church last
night. Among other things he said:
It is a great privilege to live in a republic
and to have a voice in the affairs of govern
ment. It is a sacred duty for every American
Citizen to be registered and to vote. The best
people should take the oeep»?st interest in pol
itics from the caucus to the polls, and not
leave it to th* cyrrupt forces. The veil being
of the people and the will of God should mold
your political opinions. Moral questions
*hi>uld b* held to be of th» first importance.
You should nfver neglct at the bailot to honor
God and to hit sin. Go<l observes your ballot.
The greatest moral issu*- before the Ameri
can p* r> l'ie to-day is the lega!lr»d li<juor traf
fic. It is on outlawed business, but it has
more power tn politics than the church has.
What have we r-oir* tn. wh»n th? v.nrM busi
ness has the most power? It has intimidated
the pulpit, the nr"5s, -the politician and the
jfoople. It is Euch a demoralizing business
that it is forced t'» closf on election day. If
the Ealo^n t-hould close while we vote it ought
to <:l"s« while we worship.
I call on you to vote for Judges ftnd lecis
lp.tor* vrh*» ar» not dominated by the saloon
nor by the political boss who is allied ""Ith
the saloon.
Th<-re is but one political party that has
dared to oppose the liquor traffic — the Prohi
bitinn rarty. It has a natiors.1 ticket in the
field, tivine each Oirimian a chance to vote
a<-eordins to a Christian conscierii-e. Chris
tians often pray. tnlk. resolve and wii=h arsinst
the RiUoon and then when thfy have an oppor
tunity to vote against the saloon. | Vie consist
ent. The saloon makff the tnnr important
issue in American politics. IV>n't fee afraid of
'hrowir- away your vote. Lincoln said. "An
honest vote is n>=ver thrown away, even if your
man is not elected."
I would not say a word against our Fple-ndid
Prri<i<*nt. who is a candidate for re-election,
nor agalnrt that other F;,!endid man who is
his chief opponent, but I would advise Chris
tum men to cast th"ir votes in the way that
¦will Ftrtko th» hardest Mow to that mnjt cor
rupt. d»bauchir.g and <1--:=tnictiv» institution
5n America — th» organized liquor traffic — for
eo they win most jrtorify God.
THE UETTEU CITY.
The Rev. E. L. Walz, jiastor of the
Fourth Congregational Church, sooke
lapt nifrht on "The Better City." He
said in part:
Too lonj hsve we been patiently submissive
to «vil and to men who are not willing to
firht against that which di«irracy>s a city and
hams its inhabitants r.f nil a^f-s and condi
tions. Th« time is ripe for ac(rreBfiive action.
The right sort of man aro voluntfrinc. The
crrurch Is awjkfninr. Practical reforms are
certain to corns soon. Men, and women, too,
can do their part in this grand movement
Nothing is impossible If it ought to be done.
Strength Is promised to all who shall dare and
do. Let us remember that the Builder and
Maker of every "better city" is God, who,
filling men's hearts' with goodness, sincerity
and zeal. Is <\tn now working In the midst
of us. Every vote cast for the , best men
and measures is a stone In the foundation of
the "better city."
The Rev. George A. Hough, pastor of
the California Street Methodist Epis
copal Church, speaking of the duty of
citizenship, last night, said:
The need of the hour is not more agitation,
but a deepening sense of the dignity of citi
zenship and of the importance of an honest
I and intelligent exercise of its privilege. .The
ballot should not be a mere means for the
obtaining of a Job for ourselves or for some
friend, but should be the deliberate declara
tion of a conviction as to the policy of gov
ernment. It should be an honest and fear-
S less expression of an opinion.
j The salvation of the country is not in party
j fealty, but In honest ar.d independent vot
| ing. Truth Is often with the minority. We
. thould never endorse a pernicious principle,
though it be the watchword of our favorite
party. We should never vote for a man for
public office whom we would not be willing
to trust with our own private affairs.
i THE CHURCH IX POLITICS.
The Rev. F. A. Keast, in his sermon
to a large congregation at Epworth
Methodist Episcopal Church last nieht.
I said among other things:
' It Is not the province of the church to tell
you to whit party you should belong, cr for
whom you should vote. But the Christian
voter should be actuated by certain principles.
As the ballot touches the life threads cf the
republic, the Christian should by all means
exercise his powers of citizenship. Because
of the prevalence of corruption! In politics
many good people have washed their hands
cf all things political.
This is what the saloonkeeper and corrupt
politician desire. When the churches threat
ened to use thtir influence against those Su
pervisors who voted for the opening of Ingle
j side one cf them said: "The mlniFters would
! not influence their people politically." They
j would have us washing our hands of these
I things and leave the government to them.
I When they do what Is right we will applaud
them. When they do what Is wrong we will
condemn them. The church must become a
terror to evil doers.
"Political Parties and Their Poli
cies" was the subject of the sermon
given at Simpson Memorial Methodist
Church last night by the Rev. James
H. N. Williams, who said in part:
In the early days of party growth, while
campaigns were bitterly fought out, and some
times on the lines of prejudice, accusation
and abuse, patriotism still had a prominent
place, exerting its strong and beneficent In
fluence.
The "boss" was not yet born — it would have
been a good thing for the country had he. as
the Scotch say, "died a-bornin'." and the
spoil* system had not yet come into being. The
country's good was the highest actuating mo
tive. Ther» were to grafters in office such as
control San Francisco to-day.
Had our Mayor lived in these times he
would never have dropped his musical baton
nor been invited to awsume the executive
headship of a city.
On Tuesday the American ballot-box will
Vw» open. Every American citizen should take
his place there with his conscience untram
m^led and his purpose firmly set to serve his
country. guides by his best jmJjrment without
regard to other considerations. The man who
tloes that may not vote my ticket, but he is a
true man. Swallcw and Carroll are my party
candidates, but doubtless Theodore Roonevelt
will be our next President, an<i may God bless
him with health, strength and wisdom.
Denounce Civic Conditions
Paderewski Finds Demand
for Autograph So Great
That He Now Retails It
Further Returns and the
Second Balloting, However,
May Change the Result
Mrs. Frank Crajiford Given
Joyful Welcome hy Parent
She Last Saw in Sixties
IS FROM THIS CITY
PARIS ENJOYS DICKENS i
CONSERVATIVES GAIN
Student Riots
Give Much
Trouble.
PATRIOTISM AT BALLOT
BOX CLERGYMEN'S HOPE
Little Girl, Taken From Her
Home in Maine Years Ago,
Goes Back Married Woman
She Appears in a Drama of
Domestic Life, in Which
Divorce Court Figures
Results. Indicate Defeat of
the Extremists and Also
of the Present Premier
PURITY IN THE ELECTION
IS THEME OF PULPITS.
DISORDERS RENEWED
BY INNSBRUCK MOBS
MARIE TEMPEST
IN A NEW PLAY
QUIET IN ITALY
AT HE POLLS
KIDNAPED BABE
RETURNS GROWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY,. NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
Kills a Man With a Hoe.
DECORAH, Iowa, Nov. 6. — Profes
sor T. I. GIfford is under arrest here
and a charge of murder in the first
de.gree has been filed against him on
account of the death of H. A. Blge
low. The men quarreled over a piece
of property and Gift*ord»struck Bige
low on the head with a hoe, crushing
his skull. Bigelow was a pioneer Io-
showed that O'Brien had not walked
over the cliff, but had fallen over the j
edge. The fall probably broke his neck j
and fractured the skull. The Coron
er's theory is that Bomebody mistook ;
O'Brien for a footpad and shot at him !
and that O'Brien, running, away, j
stumbled at the edge of the canyon and
fell to his death.
Coroner Morgan received to-day the
following telegram: . -
"Coroner; San '"¦ Diego County— Send
description and particulars about body
found in Rose Canyon, with Wells-
Fargo receipt for package shipped by
K : O'Brien [ to J. i R. Kelley, Arcade de
pot, Los Angeles, on body. Signed,
"GEORGE WITTMAN,.
"Chief of Police."
CHAUNCEY, N. Y.. Nov. 6. — After
savins: the lives of his three little
children and his a&ed* father and
mother In a fire that destroyed his
hotel here this morning, Joseph Cap
pie was burned to death while try
ing to rescue. his wife. Their bodies
were afterward found lying: side by
side in the cellar.
3
_ad\*ertisi=:mexts.
that
Itself"
IMPLY PRES5
yf^<2>«-^-^^^^ IETA «- bar
Dr»f» n^t soil the flnpr-rs either when
bfins filled or when b«?ing- used. Al-
ways ready for instant uso. Flows
freely ail tii** timp. Th* perfect -"oit.-
t^in p*>n. Once you try it you will
have \\n other.
See our linps of Cutlery, including
po^d Pot.-ket Knives and Razors as low
as SI. CO. Fine Carvers in isets.
Shears and Scissors. Popular prices.
BAZOB STKOPS — From r»Oc up.
Razors ground and honed. Honing,
SPZCIAX. — Full line of Linen Laid
No. 5 Km-flopps. white, regular price
€0' a box. reduoed to iI5c
.Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET STBEET. Opp. Fifth,
' SAN T FRANCISCO.
OR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
OF flHflTGBYf
0 © "'JKi.szrcrc.totetur.h.B.r.Cii.A
Jk CT^ J*' L*»f«»t Autmoical Museum in th. \
L vZzf&i ?'»•"• *—"''''r «-»r.< hrth.oUicft f
6 hi&*\ CR * J ° B 3AK-B!SEASES OF KEN A
i >«lrf} i n Con«u!tt.tk>e free »nd ttrx-tir prtTtle. \
8 I WO Tt«tnetit t~r-.on.ly or b* letter. A A
1 Iff BB r**n** Cm in ntry ewe undertakes. \
A P // U6t *'ntf for B'*>«. ruiLttioPHltf A
V * f H« BAnuiACK. MAiua rxEt. ( a. 9
A t* ir * aluttl ' e be * k fot ¦•"¦"•) \
V Oa. JOZDA>^ *<<».. I0ei.«Rrk»tft..S. F. V
vM^gSaaEfedf MENANDWQME*.
*5K i syCcitE»* l «fsN| C*e Etg O for unnatural
fijxj/ U I to t feji/Ql 41tcbirce«,ln&»rumktlo&f.
BgSm OwrisiMd H irritation! cr ulceratiou
£f]£j* >«i t» ttrtttsr*. of ma 00 a* tBembrinet.
I* 4 rmtti r»«u«<«»- Pfclo'iMi, and not a«ria«
KSJlTKtETmCKEMtmCt. ««at or potionoui.
%fl*Sa «S3!SKiTl.C.BiBS S«ld by Dracrfst*,
«9l a. a. a. 3 a er ** Dt ln P lfc!n t»pp«*.
JraiL|G^_ br «xpr«fi. prepaid, tor
«i.oo. or s b*tu*« u.7*.
v ¦ TniSns'lr circolw «iat ea r*aa*rt.
PBEPABE rOB THAOTCSaXVTBTG.
OLSON COMPAMT, Tel. Main OLSON'S MABZET,
813 Market Street. 890. 911-913 Market St. Tel. South 323.
Home-Mad e Mince Meat , , n „ , ,m.
SL)) ~—^. pound ........... 10c y&zizs. ' 5^Si §5"$«i
r~ri_i-|^artiy***~ii Rich and absolutely f ' ''''tf'tffijn
iB 1^^^! W.H. Baker'* Cocoa.. ****"**?$//!!$
VM^jP^^^r Rpr. 25c.»4-lb. can 20c etJ7rr£R.}£/y
Rep. 45c. .1-lb. can 35c ' "*^
V!^!L§t|g|l^' au-lb. sack Carolina
— "^ Bice. reg. 25c 15c Tre«n Humboldt But-
Plantation package. ter lb. 22%O i
Eastern Suarar - Cured Table Relishes, .bot. 5e Fancy creamery.
¦ Earn' lb. 1314c 5 or 6 varieties. Keg. Maria County Cream-
Armour's Rex or "Our 10c a. d 15c. ery Butter. . .3 sq». SI
Choice." Domestic Lucca Oil. .. Besmlar »l3e %q... . 35o
Extra Lijrht . Eastern Reg. 25c bot. 15c rull ¦Weisrat Eel Biver
Bacon .lb. 14V6c For salads and cooking. Valley Butter. .Bq. 50c
Mixed Peel .lb. 15c New Softshell Walnut* 10 SQUarea $4.50
Lemon, orange and cit- (pound 15c Frssh Minnesota Earsr*
ron. Reg. 20c. Sweet and meaty. Guaranteed-2 dos. 53c
Pure Kona Coffee: .20c Seeded Balslns.pksr. 5c Eastern Picnic Sams. »
Reg. 25c 6 lbs. 90c Formosa Oolonsr Tea.. Fresh smoked.. lb. 80
New Pack Tomatoes.. Reg. 50c lb lb. 35c None Such Mince Meat
No limit.. .4 cans 25o 3-pound box S1.00 3 packages ..35c
— -I.1QU0BS-
Table Port and Sherry St. Jullen Claret American Gold Wnls- ;
Reg. 75c......gral. 55c jral. 35c. .5 jrals. S1.65 key full at. 50o
Abbey Brand. Reg. 50c. Old Crow Bourbon
H. B. Whiskey Martell Cosraac 3 Star Whiskey fun at. 95c
' Reg. $3.50. . .gul. S2.75 or Kennesy. . bot. 31.45 Distilled 1896. W. a.
Rye or bourbon. Reg. $1.70. Gaines Co.. distillers. , .
Covinjrton Club Wnls- California Apricot Res. $1.23.
key, reje. J3..gal. 82.35 Brandy ...... bot. 75« Overton Bye Whiskey
Sour Mash Bourbon. Imported Scotch Whis- Reg. 90c. . .full qt. 65c
Fanl Jonti key. reg. Jl. 10.. bot. 85c Pure California '
l^. Whiskey . .75c Hermitage Whlf key . . Brandy for
A American Club* 7 years old. .bot. $1.10 Mince Meat... /t^\
. 3)K Whiskey Angelica, Muscatel and bottle 65c •;
VWl* .... raL $1.75 Tokay Wines.. ffaL 75c raUon ...$2.0O j&'j&tNebraska Fusionlsts Optimistic.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Nov. 6. — If the
farmer vote can be got out. Chairman
Weber of the Populist committee says,
the fusion State ticket will be elected
and they will control the legislature.
To-morrow night fusion rallies will be
held in many of the small towns. . Re
publicans of Lincoln have planned for
their greatest meeting of the cam
paign on Monday night. Former Sena
tor John M. Thurston and Congress
man Burkett will be the speakers. W.
J. Bryan will speak for the fusionlsts
at Omaha, returning to Lincoln in time
Mrs. Fannie Smith of 1212 Mission
etreet, on being informed by her phy
sician that she would have to undergo
an operation for a tumor, sought death
yesterday by taking lysol. The woman
had undergone two operations pre
viously and their effects upon her ner
vous system were such that she feared
a repetition of the experience. Her
life was saved yesterday by prompt
medical assistance from Dr. Pawlickl,
after which she was removed to a pri
vate hospital.
Seeks Death by Lysol.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 6.— Chairman Ham
lin of the Republican State Central
Committee claimed to-night that
Roosevelt would carry Minnesota by
76,000 and Dunn, for Governor, by at
least 50,000. yV,";o . — •
Minnesota Republican by 75,000.
J Mrs. Robert J. Burdette tells a story
I about the white ribbon which is the
sign of total abstinence.
' "There are some persons," said Mrs.
I Burdette, "who don't wear the white
• ribbon with sincerity. They wear it,
! perhaps, about as hypocritically as it
, was worn by an employe of a certain
. brewer.
' "This employe, after years of dissl
• pation, appeared one day. at the brew
| ery with the white ribbon on his breast.
, Nothing was said to him and he wore
'¦the ribbon for some months. Then one
1 day the head of the firm, happening to
: notice the man's badge, approached
j him.
I " 'Why, Frank,* he said, 'It is strange
to see you, a brewer, 1 wearing the White
; ribbon.'
" 'It does look strange, sir,' the man
• admitted.
1 "'Well,' said the brewer, 'why . do
you do it?' .: -
i "/It is like this,', said the workman.
'I wear the ribbon because It makes
men like to tempt me: and wh,en I'm
tempted I succumb, sir.' "—Exchange.
He Courted Temptation.
Policeman A. G. Skelly, while pass
ing through Portsmouth square early
yesterday morning, found behind one
of the benches a miscellaneous collec
tion of articles, including a bicycle
cap, two suits of underclothes, a razor
strop, a barkeeper's coat and other
things. Beside them was a dress-suit
case cut open at both sides. They
were taken to the property clerk's
office and are supposed to have been
stolen.
Finds Loot of a Thief.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6. — Melvin G.
Pallizer, chairman of the New York
State Executive Committee of the Peo
ple's party, to-night issued a statement
in which he said that the party would
poll more 1,500,000 votes in the na
tion. Watson claims he will carry
Georgia.
Watson Claims One State.
LAKE CITY. Fla., Nov. 6. — General
Jesse Finley, one of the last surviving
brigadier generals of the Confederate
army, died here to-day, aged 92 years.
Aged Confederate General Dead.
The girl who eats onions is cot to
be mentioned in the same breath with
the girl who doesn't.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6. — "Los An
geles County will give the Republican
national ticket a plurality of more
than 15,000 next Tuesday, and.lt may
exceed this figure by 2000. We pro
pose to keep the Republican banner
which we won two years ago by cast
ing the vote which made Pardee Gov
ernor." This is the statement made
to-day by Chairman Bradner W. Lee
of the Republican County Central
Committee.
There is reason for the statement.
For two years the Republican clubs
of Los Anjreles County have kept up
active organization. Meetings were
held at regular intervals and in a quiet
but effective way some careful polit
ical work has been done. A close
watch has been kept and advantage
taken of everything which would
strengthen the Republican cause, and
the result of that work will be shown
next Tuesday. The one aim of the
party, workers has been to break all
previous records, and so certain is it
that the result will be that the Dem
ocrats have conducted only a half
hearted campaign.
Predicted That Los Angeles County
Will Give 15,000 Plurality.
DETROIT, Nov. 6. — Michigan is
conceded on every hand to Roosevelt,
with both the Republican and Demo
cratic t candidates for Governor hope
ful of success. So generally has the
interest In the campaign centered
about the race for Governor between
Frederick M. Warner,- Republican, and
W. N. Ferris, Democratic nominee,
that almost nothing has been said
about the national ticket. The Re
publican leaders to-night claimed the
State for Warner and the Republican
State ticket by 45,000 and 115,000 ma
jority for Roosevelt.
BIG VOTE FOR ROOSEVELT.
The other case was that of Frank
Mahler. On Saturday night he at
tended a ball at the Verein Eintracht
Hall on Twelfth street and it was said
drank freely. Yesterday morning his
landlady, Mrs. Carrie Thomas, 408%
Xatoma street, smelled gas coming
from his room. When the door was
forced open gas was found escaping
from two jets, but the window was
down about eighteen inches. He was
sent to the Emergency Hospital, but
life had flown. He was about 45 years
of age. ; ; ¦¦-¦; v
Two cases of death through carbon
monoxide, each supposed to have been
accidental, were reported to the
Morgue officials yesterday morning.
Martin Schneider, a widower 61 years
of age, who lived with his son-in-law,
R. D. Logan, at 2936 Steiner street,
was found dead In bed by his daughter
shortly before 1 o'clock. The gas jet
was partly turned on. He had been
suffering from heart disease and Dr.
Magnus had been attending him. ¦ A
small table on which his medicine bot
tles were placed was always beside
his bed. It is supposed he was seized
with a fainting spell and had intended
to light the gas to take his medicine,
and after partly turning it on had col
lapsed.
Martin Schneider and Frank Mahler
Supposed to Have Left the Jets
Open by Accident.
TWO DEATHS RESULT FROM
ASPHYXIATION -BY GAS
Dennis Sullivan of the training ship
Buffalo was held up by three youths
on Sacramento street early yesterday
morning and robbed of $6. Emil Bo
zizinski. a deck boy on' the steamer
Charles Nelson, was arrested by Po
liceman Barnett and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of robbery.
Sullivan met the trio on Sacramento
street between Battery and Sansome,
and asked them to direct him to the
What Cheer House. They walked with
him for about a block, when one of
them knocked him down and another
went through his pockets, taking $6.
Sullivan shouted for help. His cries
were heard by J. Towley, a boarder at
the What Cheer House, who ran out
and saw Bozlzlnski walking away
from Sullivan. Policeman Barnett
appeared and Bozlzlnski started to
run, but was quickly overtaken. He
was identified by Sullivan, but denied
having anything \o do with the rob
bery. He at first gave the name of
Emil Turner. The other two escaped.
One of Them, a Deck Boy on a Steam
er, Is Cliascd and Captured
by a Policeman.
Sx\ILOR KNOCKED DOWN
AND ROBBED BY YOUTHS
SAN JOSE, Nov. 6.— Captain Paul
Ruebsamen, a retired Prussian army
officer, has mysteriously disappeared
from the Bristol Hotel, and it is feared
he has met with', foul play. He was
last seen on Monday, October 31.
Ruebsamen came to the hotel on Oc
tober 26, and registered from San
Francisco. While at the hotel at dif
ferent times he exhibited several hun
dred dollars in gold and bills. The
missing man hadtbeen drinking heavily
about the time of his disappearance.
On the night of October 31 he was seen
in the hall of the hotel, but his bed
had not been occupied. The room bore
evidences of a hasty departure, wear
ing apparel being scattered about the
place. His valise was there and on a
chiffonier was some small change and
several valuable pieces of jewelry. \
.Dr. ,A. de Marcomy, who treated
Ruebsamen, says the missing man was
from Stettin, Prussia, and had been a
captain irr.' the Sixty- First Prussian
Infantry Regiment. He was about 50
years of age and. in receipt of a pen
sion. Before coming here it is said
that Ruebsamen received a large sum
of money from an estate. The DOlice
are trying to.solvethe mystery.
Special Dispatch to The Call
We are told that the British soldiers
halted at the gates of Lassa, won.
derstruck at the beauty of the Sacred
City, its golden domes like tongues of
fire, and the exquisite greenery of the
trees among its palaces and monaster
ies. It is a singular whim of destiny
that within a short time the Sacred
Forbidden City of Peking and the
more Sacred City of Thibet should
both be exposed and Invaded by the
West, and it Is even a more singular
fact that this invasion of the holy
places of Asia should take place Just
when an Asiatic power for the first time
since Jan Sobleski defeated the forces
at Vienna) should be holding its own
against one of the greatest of . the
white nations. The spiritual signifi
cance of the invasion of Tibet is only
to be realized when we remember that
Buddhism is still the most numerously
represented religion In the world, hav
ing five hundred million adherents,
about a third of the whole human
race. And of these five hundred mil
lions, more than four-fifths look to
Lassa with the same veneration that
Roman Catholics* feel for Rome, the
same veneration and far more mys
tery.
Soldiers In Sacred Cities.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 6. — Preparations
have been completed by the West End
Improvement Association for the big
ratification meeting and reception to
be tendered Joseph R. Knowland, M.
W. Simpson and J. Clem Bates in the
West End Wigwam next Thursday
night. Governor George C. Pardee
has sent word that he will be present
and invitations have been forwarded
to many other prominent Republicans
about the bay to take part in the af
fair. S. M. Shortridge is scheduled to
deliver an address on "Theodore
Roosevelt."
Reception to Republicans.
San Jose Police Fear Miss
ing Prussian, Army Officer
Is a Victim of Foul Play
The I>emocrats claim that our army is too
lnrae. This they call militarism. They eay
nothing whatever In their platform about the
navy, although the committee on resolutions
at the St. Louis convention was In favor of
reporting for a liberal annual increase for the
navy, but this plank was stricken out of the
platform at the suggestion of Senator Tillman
for the very statesmanlike reason given by him
that the "navy had no votes." I believe that
shin for ship we should have as good a navy
as any other nation in the world. It is not
necessary for us to have as large a navy as
Kngland has, but I ctand' for a navy second to
that of England. I believe in a navy of such
fighting force that it will discourage any other
nation from wanting to have an engagement
with us. I believe in a navy so formidable
that it will preserve the peace and In one so
well prepared at all times for war that war
will nev«r come.
CALL, BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6. — Secretary
Morton does not believe the United
States navy should be the largest in
the world, but does believe that ship
for ship it should be as? good as any
other and be second only to that of
England in size. He says:
Would Bnild It to Proportions Where
It Will Act as Guarantee
of Peace.
MORTON' WANTS THE NAVY
SECOND ONLY TO ENGLAND'S
DISPLAYS CASH
AND DISAPPEARS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
1016 Broadway, Nov. 6.
Problems relating to the training of
youth In the Sunday-school will have
place on the programme of the Ala
meda County Sunday-school Associa
tion's convention, to be held Tuesday,
November 15, at Calvary Baptist
Church. Three sessions will be held.
The Rev. H. L. Boardman. D. D.. pas
tor of the Tenth-avenue Baptist Church,
and Charles R. Fisher, general secre
tary of the State Sunday-school Asso
ciation, will deliver addresses at the
morning session. "Should We Require
Home Study?" will be the question for
afternoon discussion. The Rev. Charles
T. Walkley, rector of St. Paul's Episco
pal Church, will open the remarks.
"Teachers' Work" and "The Evangeli
zation and Christian Nurture of Our
Pupils" will also be considered.
Rev. Dr. Eli McClish, president of the
University of the Pacific, will deliver
an address at the evening session. Mrs.
L. D. Sweezy, teacher of music in the
Berkeley public schools, will give a
demonstration. Illustrated by a group of
Sunday-school children.
The Rev. H. L. Boardman, D. D., the
new jiastor of the Tenth-avenue Bap
tist Church, began his pulpit work to
day. Dr. Boardman holds an Important
place among the preachers of his de
nomination. Before coming to Califor
nia he held pastorates in Oregon and
Washington.
Under direction of Uda Waldrop.
choirmaster, a service of music was |
given this evening at the Church of the
Advent, the Rev. William Carson Shaw
rector.
The Rev. Dwight E. Potter, pastor of
the Union-street Presbyterian Church,
has begun th»» discussion of a series of
questions he hae propounded to many
business and professional men of Oak
land touching missionary work- These
queries follow:
.1. Do you favor church work, home missions,
foreign missions? Why?
2. Why are 4 majority of people opposed to
foreign missions? What ar* some of your
own opinion* for or against the movement?
3. What 1b the object of foreign miecions?
What have bt»n the r*sult»?
4. If 20 jw cent of our Christian minister*
and workers laid down their worn here and
w»nt to the foreign field, what would be the
?ffect? «
5. Are heathen religions "rood enough for
th«*m." or <3o they need the gospel?
<5. If the poFpel is for "every creature," hcrw
may American Ohrlrtians more consistently
tneet their responsibility and opportunity?
7. What i«' taught about world evangeliza
tion In the CM T**tament. the N'tw Testa
ment, • by Chrin? Have, they any welrht?
*. Whit accusations are brought against the
mlf-sionarleK? Ky whom?
9. Who ehould vrA who fhnuld not' become
foreign misilonarlei!. and why?
10. What Fhall we do about it all?
The Rev. J. M. Van Every preached
to-day at the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church.- V ;¦; V- •
Miss Estelle Fassett conducted a
young people's revival service this
evening at the First Methodist Church.
The Rev. Dr. Cook of Philadelphia
preached this evening at the Twenty
thlrd-avenue Baptist Church.
"WJUL Dt£Cl"SS BCMOOt. AltCHITECTrnK
Oakl6i:d. Nov. «.— J. W. McdymondB. Super
inteprjr-nt of PuWic Instruction in Oakland
wjll . addfw« the members of the Women's!
OMc Improvement riub at It* regular month- !
ly tnoctlng to-mormw afternoon In Chabot Ob- I
•ervatory Hull. H*> will . ep^ak on "School
AroMK-cturr." AJI those Interested in the
¦ubjTt ar* invited to attend.
Because of the failure of the fire
alarm system to work properly the City
Trustees have taken that department
out of the hands of the city electrician,
and hereafter It will be looked after by
Otto Leydecker, under the supervision
of the Chief of the Fire Department.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 6.— Chief F. K.
Krauth's plan for the disbanding of the
three remaining volunteer hose compa
nies of the fire department and their
reorganization upon a paid basis will
come before the City Trustees to-mor
row night for action. It is recommend
ed by the Chief that the hose compa
nies, which now consist of fifteen or
more men and which are allowed $35 a
month by the city, hereafter consist of
four men, one to be designated as fore
man. Each foreman will be allowed $6
for responding to alarms within his
district and $3 for responding to alarms
without his district. The men of the
companies will be paid $5 each for re
sponding to alarms within their dis
trict and one-half of that amount for
outside alarms. Nothing will be al
lowed for responding to false alarms.
Chief Krauth also suggests that the
two present district engineers be abol
ished and that the foreman of one of
the hose companies stationed east of
Grand street be authorized to act as
assistant engineer when necessary, and
the foreman of one of the compa
nies located west of Grand street be
similarly empowered.
Chief Krauth's plan of reorganization
provides for a department of thirty-six
men, as follows: One chief engineer,
one engineer of steam fire engine, seven
drivers, three chemical extra men, six
teen hosemen and eight truckmen.
Physicians were hurriedly summoned
and after several hours' hard work
they succeeded in restoring the patient
to. semi-consciousness, but were unable
to fully revive him.
He is more than 60 years of age and
it is feared that the gas fumes have
poisoned him to a degree that makes
his condition serious. Kanouse is
known to the world as the former chief
officer of the International Order of
Good Templars.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6.— Theodore
D. Kanouse, former Congressman and
two years ago Prohibition candidate
for Governor, narrowly escaped death
by asphyxiation to-day at his home in
this city and is still in a serious condi
tion as a result of his experience. His
bathroom is equipped with an in
stantaneous gas heater and while Ka
nouse was taking a bath he did not
notice that the gas was escaping. The
room had been tightly closed and be
fore he realized his danger Kanouse
was overcome by the deadly monoxide.
His long stay in the bathroom alarm
ed his daughter and, summoning as
sistance, she broke open the door and
found her father unconscious upon the
floor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 6.—Accord
ing to the crew of the Philadelphia
and New York express on the Pensyl
vania Railroad which left Washine
ton at 6:50 to-night, two unsuccessful
attempts were made to hold the train
up at Havre de Grace and Perryville.
in Maryland, by two men. one of whopa
was a negro. The men escaped.
The men boarded the train at Balti
more. As the train approached the
long bridge at Havre de Grace, a white
man pierced an opening in the front
door of the express car, and thrustinjc
a revolver through the opening ordered
Messenger Carter to let him in. The
messenger replied by firing his revolver
and pulling the signal cord. •
When the train came to a stop. Con
ductor Sibley ran forward to the
engine and there found a colored man
in the tender with a revolver in hand.
He ordered the man down. At first he
refused, but after a short argument he
left the tender. Going back to the ex
press car, he was told by the mes
senger what had happened. The white
man in the meantime had disappeared.
The train resumed its journey and
when it reached Perryvllle on the fur
ther side of the bridge, two men aprain
appeared, one on the tender and the
other on the front platform of the ex
press car. The train was again stop
ped, but before the two men could be
captured they disappeared in the dark
ness.
Bandits Thwarted Twice in
Their Endeavors to Hold
Up Express in Maryland
Alameda City Trustees' to
Act on Chiefs Plan to
Reorganize the Companies
Ex-Congressman Kanouse
Close to Death 7 s Door From
Inhaling Illuminating Gas
Interesting Programme Pre
pared for Alameda County
Sunday School Convention
The Egbert Stones have gone to the World'a
Fair at St. Louis. They will also visit At
lantic coast cities before returning home.
Mrs. John Clay Hampton is still In the
East and enjoying a delightful visit.
The George W. McNears have gone to Santa
Barbara for a short stay.
Mrs. Henry A. Butters and her daughter.
Miss Marguerite Butters, plan to leave for
Honolulu November 16.
The David Edwardses have taken a house
on Bay place, Vernon Heights.
Mr and Mrs. R. Augustus Bray entertained
a small dinner party Thursday evening com
plimentary to Miss Clara Lewys of Boston.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. de Golia have re
turned from a very Interesting Eastern tour.
Miss de Golia Is now entertaining a charming
young Southern girl. Miss Marie Hopps of Sa
vannah, Ga.
The hours between 2 and 5 In the afternoon
and 8 and 10 in the evening will rind the en
thusiastic saleswomen ready to sell their dainty
wares and to entertain their visitors with mu
sic and in other pleasing ways.
Among those who will contribute to the
pleasure ot the afternoon guests will be Mrs.
Ernest W. Crellln (Camille d'Arvllle), Misses
Lily and Theresa Sherwood, Mrs. A. Kemp,
Mism Gladys Kemp, Miss Mabel Hill and Low
ell Uedfield. In the evening Miss Jenny LJnd
Shelley, Miss Gertrude Hlbberd, Miss Lucia
Oliver. • Miss Gladys j Kemp. . Mrs. Kozell W.
Vincent and CUren.ce Oliver will, participate In
the musical programme.
Amonx thoae who are taking an active in
terest in the approaching benefit are Mrs.
Thomas J. McMannls. Mrs. Charles U. Brew
ster, Mrs. Calvin M. Covell, Mrs. Harry E.
Frick, Mrs. Austin N. Walton, Mrs. James P.
Vane, Miss Henrietta Frear, Miss Mary
March, Miss Adallne Blood, Miss Emma Davis,
Miss Linda Kemp, Miss Faith Sturtevant.
Mi6S Edith Schulze, Miss Edith Swain, Miss
Helen Fresno Miss Violet Wakefield. Miss
Claribel Williams, Miss Florence French, Mra.
W. S. Goodfellow, Mrs. William Angus, MrB.
John Yule, Mrs. Henry Wetherbee, Mrs. R. A.
Wellmarw Mrs. R. H. Chamberlain, Mrs. Irv
ing Lewis, Mrs. James Treadwell, Mrs. Ira L."
Vance. Mrs. I>avtd James. Mrs. - Lewis Tash
eira, MrB. John Treadwell, Mra. Helen M.
Owens, Mrs. George R. Williams, Mrs. Regi
nald II. Allen. Mrs. Granville B. Shuey, Mrs.
William E. Palmer, Mrs. Charles H. Williams,
Mrs. A. Kemp, Mrs. Henry A. Schulze, Mrs.
W. I>. Gelette, Mrs. S. M. Coburn, Mrs. Hor
ace H. Allen, Mrs. Hubert White, Mrs. Fred
erick W. Morgan, Mrs. Walter Frear, Mrs.
David A. Spencer, Mrs. L. H. Wakefleld,
Misses Martha and Margaret Baldwin. Miss
May Hosmer. Miss Marion Ellis, Miss Grace
Nourse. Miss Gladys Kemp, Miss Alice Arm-
Etronc, Miss Alice Swain, Misses Susie and
Alice Heistand. Mies Frances Farrish. Miss
Ray Leeper, Miss Florence Fernhof, Miss
Mary Rust, Miss Clalr Foster.
Mr. and Mrs. Wigglnton Creed have returned
from' their honeymoon trip. |
OAKLAND, Nov. 6. — Of the many charity
affairs in proEpect none promises more attract
ive features than the "at home" and Christ
mas sale for the benefit of the East Oakland
Free Kindergarten at the residence of Mrs.
Thomas J. llcMannis next Thursday afternoon
and evening. Mrs. McMannls has kindly con
sented to throw open her beautiful home at
4U9 Orange street. Vernon Heights, for the oc
casion, and as a large number of society maids
and matrons are working earnestly for the
cause the affair will no doubt meet with, great
success.
SWEET CHARITY.
PLAN MEETING
OF TEACHERS
NARROW ESCAPE
OF POLITICIAN
WOULD DISBAND
FIRE FIGHTERS
TWO ATTEMPTS
TO ROB TRAIN
C. Z. Reed, formerly a well-known
real estate dealer of Minneapolis,
Minn., has Just bought out the firm of
Bhoeam & Campbell, whose place or
business was at 468 Eleventh street.
Mr. Reed will occupy the same offices.
BERKELEY, Nov. 6. — Joseph J. Ma
son, a prominent real estate broker of
Berkeley, reports that within the last
thirty davs he has sold thirty lots in
the Fairview tract, which was recently
opened.
I believe, however, that the coming winter
will see more and larger deals in Oakland real
estate than have ever before been Known In
this city.
Our business has been confined for the last
three weeks to sales of small residence proper
ties, but I think that after the result of the
election is known business will at once pick up.
Prospective purchasers of business property
seem inclined to wait until after the election
before closing large deals and I now have one
or two Important transactions on hand which I
will not bo able to complete for a couple of
weeks.
There Is little doubt that the campaign has
caused a marked lull In the real estate market.
This will" probably continue until after next
week. As soon as the Presidential question is
settled I believe the market will resume Its
wonted activity, and present conditions Indi
cate that all kinds of property, both for busi
ness and residences, will find ready sale at ex
cellent prices.
During the last few months there has been a
considerable Increase In the demand for East
Oakland property. That* section,- which has
been practically dead for several years, has
apparently begun to move again. I have at
present several large transactions on hand,
which I expect to close immediately after the
election.
E. J. Stewart of E. J. Stewart & Co.
said:
Real estate dealers generally expect
that business will Increase immediately
after election. E. P. Vandercook, pres
ident of the E. P. Vandercook Com
pany, In discussing the present condi
tion of the market said:
Representatives of Oakland real es
tate firms have recently been making
Inquiries from the railway companies
as to the number of visitors expected in
California during tho coming winter,
as indicated by the inquiry for and
sale of tickets in the East. It has been
learned that the passenger depart
ments expect heavier traffic during the
winter than ever before. Real estate
dealers expect that many of these vis
itors will decide to locate permanently
in California, and -no. doubt a large
number of the newcomers will choose
Oakland as the place In which to es
tablish homes, both on account of its
natural advantages, climatic and
otherwise, and also on account of its
proximity to San Francisco, the busi
ness center of the State.
With the exception of what dealers
term small business, such as the sale of
the cheaper residence properties and
the usual renting business, there has
been little activity in the local real es
tate market during the week, the ap
proaching Presidential election having
caused a lull in larger transactions.
Several real estate men report large
transactions pending, which will not be
completed until after the election. The
influence of the political campaign on
the realty market has not been felt to
any extent in building circles, and con
struction work has been begun recent
ly on several new buildings, notably a
large apartment house at Nineteenth
and Franklin streets and another at
San Pablo avenue and Nineteenth
street. The construction of houses and
cottages in all parts of the city con
tinues with unabated activity, and
while nearly all the contractors are
hastening their work as much as possi
ble before the steady rains set in. many
have begun the erection of small
houses within the week.
These houses are being built for new
comers to Oakland, who have been un
able to find suitable houses for rent
and have decided to purchase property
and build at once rather than spend
the winter in hotels or apartment
houses. There are practically no
houses to be had in desirable locations
at less than 535 a month. Those that
rent for $15 to $25 In most cases are at
a considerable distance from street car
and railway lines. Much land has re
cently been purchased by speculators,
who intend to build homes, for the pur
pose of selling or renting.
Plans have Just been completed for a
large three-story apartment house at
Telegraph avenue and Twentieth
street on the property owned by Dr. W.
D. Huntlngton. The excavating for the
foundation will begin as soon as the
rainy season ends. The new building
will be erected bv a corporation of
which Dr. Huntington is one of the
members.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Nov. 6.
Hon. Victor H. Metcalf. Secretary of
the Department of Commerce and La
bor, returned to Oakland this evenine.
having come from Washington to vote
for President Roosevelt. Secretary
Metcalf said to-night: "I have never
yet missed casting my ballot at a
Presidential election, and I have re
turned to California for the purpose of
voting for Theodore Roosevelt. I left
Washington on Wednesday, and made
but one stop. This was at Reno, Ne
vada, where I stopped over one day
to deliver an address in accordance
with a promise made several months
ago.
"I shall remain in Oakland until after
the election and shall probably leave
for Washington about November 10.
Mrs. Metcalf will accompany me on my
return to Washington. Regarding the
political conditions in the East I know
little, but during my short stay in
Nevada I was gratified to learn that
the outlook is bright for the Republi
can ticket, and especially so as far as
the head Is concerned. There has been
an increase in the population of Ne
vada, and I believe that many of the
new arrivals will vote for Roosevelt.
As for California, it would not surprise
me if Roosevelt's majority should reach
75,000." ; •''':;':
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Nov. 6.
Same to same, lot 15. block A, map No. 1,
Highland Terrace, Oakland; also ail that por
tion of lot 1«. block A, lying SW of line par
allel to and distant at right angle 10 feet NE
from SW boundary line of said lot 16, beins
SW 10 feet of lot 16, block A, same map, Oak
land; $10.
Emma J. Herrod to William Ilerrod (hus
band), undivided one-half of lot on W line of
Chapel street. ISO N of Bancroft way. N «M> by
W 137:1%. block 5. Villa lots adjacent to uni
versity on south, Berkeley; $ -.
William Herrod to Kmrr.a J. Herrod (wife),
undivided one-half interest in same. Berkeley;
gift.
S. S. and Caroline M. Morton to Hatt!e A.
Rogers (daughter of said S. S. Morton), lot on
S line of Pacific avenue, 10O E of Oak street.
E 50 by S 150. lot IS, block 47, T. A. Smith"*
map lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda: gift.
Charles and Augusta C. Behnke to Julia A.
Ring (wife of F. A.), let on SE corner of Para
dise (now Genoa) and Benton (now Sixtieth)
street*. S 45 by E 120, lot 1. block 2. map Me-
Kee Tract in plat 46, V. and D. Peralta
Rancho, Oakland; also lot beginning at SE cor
ner of lot 11. block O, W 40. N to S line of
Stanford avenue NE to NE corner of lot 11. S
ICO to beginning. twins E 40 feet said lot 11.
aame map, Oakland: $10.
Matilda and Samuel Jones to "W. R. and An
nie J Gift 'wife), lot on W line of Masrnolia
street, 233:4 N of Twenty-eighth. N Wi:8 by
W 133:3. being N two-thirds of lot 10, bloc'*
H lands' Peralta Homestead Association. Oak
land; $10.
George and Louis J. Roeth to Edward W.
Engs. lot 47 map Piedmont Tract. Oakland
Township; $10.
Henry and Mary C. Evers to Egbert I*
Hurd lot on S line of Prince street. 144 E of
Tremont. E 47 by S 10O. lot 7. block H.
amended map Newbury Tract, tn plat 81,
Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley: $1<>.
Patrick O. Farrell or Patrick CFarrell and
Elizabeth O. Farrell or Elizabeth O^FarrPll to
Geor~« Gllman Durrell, lot on W line- of
Eighth street. 150 N of Addlsor.. N 43 by W
135, portion lot 9, block 97. Sisterna Tract.
Berkeley: $10. .
San Francisco Savings Union (corporation)
and John F. and Alie* Kennedy to Charies
G.. Jamea A. and Royal V. Powell, lot on H
line of Oak street. 70O S of Cllntm avenna.
E 153.C3 to "W line of Park. S to external lln»
o* portion of Rancho San Antonio described in
patent from United States Government to An
tonio Peralta. NW to E Un» of Oak street, M
to beginning, block 55, lands adjacent to En
elnal. Alameda: $10.
Oakland Paving Company (corporation) to
Th« Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco (corporation sole), lot on NW Hn« of
Montgomery street, 016.5 NE from N Un« ot
Mather. NW 100 by SW 5tf.5. portion lot 19.
block P. Thermal Hill, formerly Howe Tract.
Oakland; also lot beginning at point In Nfc.
boundary line of lot 19. block P. aforesaid
map, 10O NW from XW line of Montgomery
* treat. SW 30. NW parallel with said NB
boundary line of lot 19 to point in NW boun
dary Una of block P, thenc* NE to NE boun
dary lln« of said block P. thenc» SE 103.S to
beginning, Oakland; $10.
Georze W. Cklden to Real- Estat* Security
Company, lot on S line of Forty-fifth street,
890 E of Grove. B CO by 3 10C. lot 11. block
2101 Alden Tract, Temeseal. Oakland; 110.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Piedmont
Building Association (corporation), lots 23 and
27. map. Piedmont Tract, deed and agreement.
Oakland Township; $10.
Same to same, lot 3. block H. lot 18. block
J. lot 15. block D, and portion lot 14. sail
block I> lying S of Una parallel to and dis
tant at right angles 10 feet N from S boundary
line of said lot 14. map Central Piedmont
Tract, deed and agreement, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Same to same. S"W 20 f«et of lot 22. all lot
23. block C. Thermal Hill, formerly Hows
Tract. Oakland; J10.
Same to same, lot 8. block B, lot 24, block
K. Central Piedmont Tract, deed and agree
ment. Oakland Township; *10.
EHen Casey (widow) to John H*nrj n»rr-p
(single), lot on W line of Market street. 101 3
of Twenty- fourth. S 25 by W 123. lot 18. block
toti tun* Market-street lots, Oakland; $10.
Ada S Bartlett (single) to Joseph Fokia. lot
on SK corner of Peralta and Fourteenth «Ui»et».
ti i.'.Jl, K XOl.yi*. W 65. W »->¦*-. >""» *" •*" "¦
20, block 5S0-A, map Peralta and Center-streci
lands. Oakland; $W.
Richard Comerf ord to Sarah Comerf ort. re
record 35« D. fto. land deeded by B. F. Wood
to R. and S. Comerford. 2a7 E>. 263. lot on V.
line of Telegraph avtnue. 60 S or Forty-flrst
street and N 110 from N line of Fortieth
street or Evoy avenue. 6 50 by W 120. portion
lot 2 map Montgomery Tract Xo. 1, Oakland;
also 114 D. 25O. deeded to Richard Comerford
by John O'Rourke, lot on W line of Telegraph
avenue, 55 >•' of Evoy avenue, W 10O by N
S3, Oakland; $1.
Elizabeth "Webster (Comerford) (wire ef 8.
J.) and Philip P. Comerford (brother of Plus>
to i«.m« (widow), lot on W lln« of Telegraph
•venue. CO S of Forty -Brat street, S 50 by \V
120. portion lot 2, Montgomery Tract No. 1.
Oakland (convey* all interest of flr»t partlea
as only surviving children of Richard and Sa
rah Comerford in and to all property located
within boundaries of said Montgomery Tract
No. 1. Oakland); |10.
Alameda County.
SATURDAY. N'OVEilCKB 5.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
If Captain Nance desires our friendship, as
he says, he must use different methods. If
President Wheeler desires to see a united
and self-governing student body, he- must use
•
BERKELEY, Nov. 6.— President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, who styled the re
cent rebellion of students against the
order Issued by Captain J. T. Nance,
military Instructor, requiring them to
march in schoolboy fashion into his
classroom, as something less than an
"ebullition,'' ' practically ignoring the
riot on the campus attending the order,
is now called upon by the Occident
Magazine, the conservative and in
fluential student publication of the
university, to make a move in the
affair, even at this late day, in order to
preserve senior class control.
The riot in question, when Professor
Setchell was pelted with clods of grass
and mud while trying to au'ell it,
stirred the college, the town and many
parts of the State, but Professor
Wheeler apparently deemed it best to
Ignore the affair.
He will be informed, to-morrow in an
Occident editorial dealing exhaus
tively with the matter that if "senior
control," ' supposed to be a favorite
measure of the university president, is
to endure, then the president must in
terpose and checkmate the obnoxious
order issued by the military instructor.
To-morrqw the university magazine
will say in its leading editorial:
Fredrick lives with his parents on
Fruitvale avenue, near the Southern
Pacific Company's station. He and
Miller were arrested last week for
smashing signs and damaging proper
ty in Fruitvale. They had been held
on charges of malicious mischief.
Newell, 14 years old. and Brewis, 17
years -old. are waiting examination in
the Juvenile Court on charges of bur
glary. They were arrested for the
theft of articles from Gember & Hill's
second-hand store, 447 San Pablo ave
nue, on October 18. It is charged that
the pair hid in the place until it was
closed for the (night and then ransack
ed the shop.
The plank, opened window and bent
bars told the story. Fredrick's cell
mate? were sent into another section
of the jail and deputies were sent out
to hunt the runaway. The escape oc
curred some time during the early
evening.
stole toward the front of the Jail. There
he let himself down to the ground by
sliding along a series of telephone
wires. He was light enough to lower
himself on this frail support without
tearing the lines away from their fas
tenings. Meantime, those left behind
had discovered that the opening in the
bars was not big enough for them.
They had not time to pry the rods to
make a wider aperture before the ab
sence of Fredrick was noticed and the
flight disclosed to the jailers.
OAKLAND, Nov. (5.— With coolness
and a deliberation that would have done
credit to an older head, Arthur Fred
erick. 12 years of age, escaped last
right from the County Jail in a manner
daring enough to delight the boldest
kind of a prison bird.
To be sure. Arthur had help when he
made his flight for freedom, but the
accomplices were youngster?, all about
his own age. There were four in the
plot, but young Fredrick was the only
one who got away. His confederates
were Raymond Miller, Fred Newell and
Harry Brewis.
The boys were confined in the
women's department of the jail, a large
room on the upper floor. Jailer Harry
<"lark had bunched them there in the
absence of women prisoners. Taking
advantage of the eituation, Fredrick
plotted with his companions to break
out. The four broke a plank off a cell
partition and pried apart bars on one
of the windows that fare the rear of
the jail. After bending the sc-ft iron
upripnts. they cut or tore away a wire
screen from its fastenings. Arthur
managed to crowd his slender body
through the bars. Then he climbed up
the Iron braces that held the wooden
shutters around the windows, but away
from them far enough to leave space
for him to raise himself to- the gutter
s round the roof eaves.
¦ Scrambling onto the roof he softly
Prospective Purchasers Show
an Inclination to Await
Close of the Campaign
Last Wednesday an order was enforced to
make tho seniors in military 2A form in sec
tions with monitors, outside North Hall, and
march double file to their classroom. All that
was needed to supply the general kindergarten
effect was a teacher to tap a bell, and for this
some wag substituted a youngster. The whole
affair appealed to the college as so ridiculous
that the carrying out of the order could not
be taken seriously. Xo one need ever hop* to
see the order taken seriously.
If the order had merely been taken aa tho
huge Joke it Is, no one could object. If there
bad been nothing beyond harmless Joshing of
the seniors so formed in line and no Interfer
ence with the continuance of a recitation, the
resnlts of the affair would have don© no in
jury bexond a decided blow at senior control,
which President Wheeler and Professor Cory,
in the light of past statements, must consider
as most gravely hurtful. But this was not all
that happened. Many lower classmen lost
control of themselves, acted as rowdies and
proved that we have among us not a few cow
ards who lurk in obscurity on the outskirts of
a crowd to Jeer and sling mud with a coward »
bravery As to the evil of the order, it means
the death of senior control, since that move
ment depends wholly upon the dignity of the
senior men and herein the seniors are held up
to the gibes of those they are to guide. It
means that military 2A will create a spirit of
antagonism between Instructor and student,
which is bound to exist, believing as we do
that the present action Is Justified. It means
that Captain Nance, whether he issued the
order himself or followed dictates from
Washington, will be disliked by col lege men
and that the military department will not re
ceive student support.
his influence. We believe neither th» students
to be wholly right nor the military depart
ment. But each should gladly give in to re
store amicable relations. There must be a
right way. The present way la certainly a
wrong way.
Discusses Recent Riot Among University Men
Speaks- in Sagebrush State
Where Republicans Feel
Sure of Party's Cause
Little Arthur Frederick Escapes,
but Comrades Fail.
FEW BIG TRANSACTIONS
Student Magazine Calls on Him
to Preserve "Senior Control."
Approaching Presidential
Election Causes Lull in
the Real Estate Business
NEVADA FOE KOOSEVELT
Secretary's Patriotism Is
at High Tide and He Sees
Glorious Victory Ahead
SLENDER LAD CRAWLS THROUGH BARS
Youth Breaks Jail
By the Roof Route
PRESIDENT WHEELER ASKED
TO OVERRULE ORDER.
DEALERS FIND
MARKET QUIET
METCALF BACK
HOME TO VOTE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
PORT AU PR1XCB. Hnytl. Nov. 6.— M. Gen
tll hai b«n appointed Minister of Finance and
11. Dm Lanrtei Minister of the Interior.
NEW6BOY . BREAKS HIS ARM.— Oakland.
Nov. 0. — Herman Merbach. 14 years ¦ old. ; a
newsboy, living at 302 Fourth street, fell from
a bicycle this morning and broke his left
arm. He was treated at the Receiving Hos
pital • r. -.•¦„
CHINKSB COUSINS FIGHT.— Yip Kee
Fong and Yip Shee Fongr, cousins, were hang
ing out clothe* at 114 Prospect placa yester
day atternoon when they quarreled. . Blows
were exchanged and Yip Kee struck Yip Shoe
on the head with a cane, Inflicting a scalp
wound about an Inch and a half Ions'. Yip
Kee was arrested by Policemen Hapgett and
L.yons and Yip Shee was sent to the Central
EmerKcncy Hospital to have his wound stitched
and dressed. • .
The production of cotton goods in
Russia _ is growing: very fast and as
the Russians have their designs on se
curing the trade of Manchuria In this
line, it is only reasonable to' suppose
that they will eventually secure that
important trade. Russia secured the
monopoly of the cotton business of. Per
sia by giving a bounty of three cents
a pound to her manufacturers.
Many a musical conductor couldn't
get a job on a trolley car.
4
APVItjrnSE3tEXTS.
Cures
Sore Throat
A Harmless Antiseptic
Endorsed by the medical profession
bend ten cents to pay postage on
free trial bottle. Sold by Lead-
ing Druggists. Not genuine unless
label bears my signature :
6tO Prince St.. N.Y.
Write fcrr free booklet on Rational Treat-
ment of Disease ..-
APVERT1SK31KXTS.
Nervous Disorders
Include sll affections of the brain, spinal I
cord and nerves; they embrace bead trou- I
ble«. *urh as Dizzinesn, Dullness. Head-
ache. Fits. Blues. Melancholy and Insan-
ity.
.Also. Barkache, Neuralgia. St. Vltus'
Dance. Epilepsy, and all disorders aris-
ing from a weakness of the nerves of
any orpan or part, as Weak Lungs '•
Heart. Stomach. Kidney. Bladder, etc I
The nerves furnish energy that keeps i
in motion every organ of the body.
If you have any of these ailments your
nerves are affected and you need
Dp. Miles'
Restorative Nervine
Because it reconstructs worn-out nerve
tlesue. is a refreshing, revitalizing, tonic
food-medicine, prepared especially to re-
build the worn-out nerves. i
"My son. when 17 years old, had epi- |
lepsy; could not attend school. Following
the failure of physicians to cure him we
cave Dr. Miles' Nervine and Nerve and
Liver Pills. In ten months he regained
perfect health." — J. 6. WILSON. Dep.
Co. Clerk. Dallas Co.. Mo.
The first bottle will benefit, If not th«
druggist will return your money.
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. .
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone North 7".
ALA3IEDA.
1135 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 550.TO ARRIVE.
6tearcer. | From. | Due.
Elizabeth Co<jui!»e River [Nov. 7
Mackinaw . ! T*coma (Not. 7
• •oicnado. ..¦--! Pan Pedro INor. 7
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Nov. 7
Newtur* Grays Haroor Nov. 7
Chlco Coquille Klver «f . ..(Nuv. 7
N«-*acan Honolulu & Kahulul. .'Nov. 7
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports INov. 7
State of Cat. . £au Diego & Way PtsJNor. 7
Cotona Humboldt 'Nov. 7
Eureka Humboldt .[Nov. 7
Del Norte Cre*<-ent City 'Nov. 8
M'mnhls Hamburg & Way Ports!Nov. S
Coos Bay 'San Pt~*5ro & Way Pts.|Nov. S
Pcmo..; | Point Arena £ Albion. INov. 8
C. Nelson Seattle & Taeoma. |Nov. »
Northland San Pedro Nov. 9
Marchurla... China &. Japan [Nov. 9
Arcata ! Coos Bay & Ft: Orford.iNov. 9
Atnniop j Seattle i. ...... INov. 9
rutukvater.. J Cooe Bay INov. »
Homer t Fan Pedro INov. 9
Pomona 'Humboldt [Nov. 10
Columbia i Portland & Astoria 'Nov. 10
Point Arena..' Mrndoclno & Pt. Arena Nov. 10
Santa Rosa.. J Kan Dlejco * Way Pts. Nov. 10
Barracouta...- 1 N»w York via. A neon. Nov. 10
Ail-occr : Portland t Way Torts. Nov. 10
Argo j Eel River Ports..., Nov. 10
S. Monica... , Crays Harbor Nov. 10
North Fork. . j Humboldt Nov. 11
TUinUa "Newport & Way ¦ Porta.lNov. 12
Coptic j China and Japan INov. 12
Umattr.a. ... - Pujret Sound Ports.. . ..'Nov. 12
R«londo Portland & Astoria INov. 13
Alameda Honolulu ..; INov 15
<i. V»". Elder. . Portland * Aatoria . . . . Novl 15
Peru { New Tork via Ancon.. Nov. 16
tuxella 1 Iortlanj & Astoria. ..|Nov. ltt
Czar May Risk Visit to Poland.
ST. PETERSBURG. ' Nov. 6.—Ac
cording to present arrangements Em
peror Nicholas will go this week to
Poland to bid farewell to the two rifle
brigades stationed not far from Skler
niewice. going thence to Minsk and
Vitebsk to bid farewell to the Fourth
a # nd Sixteenth corps. The trip to Po
land, however, may-be deferred on ac
count of alarming reports from War
saw of rioting at Czenstochoya, where
the Second Brigade is stationed.
Russia Proposes New Articles.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 6.— Sir
Charles Hardinge. the British Em
bassador, to-day submitted to Foreign
Minister Lamsdorff three additional
articles of the Anglo-Russian' agree
ment, the first providing for,legal*as
sessors for the contracting parties, the
second for h division of the expenses
of the commission and the third that
the decision: of the majority of the
commission shall be binding.
Slav Vessel Passes Dardanelles.
CONSTANTINOPLE, XoV. 6.— The
Russian volunteer steamship Yaroslav.
from Odessa with supplies of coal and
TO BAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
November 7. | i
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pmjPler 2 i
Centralia.. Los Anjreles Ports. 10 am'Pler 10
Jeanle Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pmlPler 2!)
Coronado Grays Harbo r 4 pm|Pler 10
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pmlPler 20
Curacao.... M-xlcan Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Ban Pedro.. I Humboldt 4 pmlPler 2
J. Higgles. I Los Angeles Ports. 11 amlPler 2 '
i November 8. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghmi 4 pm Pier 10
November 9. |
Northland.. Astoria & Portland! 3 pm Pier 27
Eureka.... Humboldt < 9 am Pier 13
Doric China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Arctic Humboldt I 9 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt Il:30p!Pier 9
Cnico Coqullle River 1 6 pm|Plfr 2
C Nelson.. Los Angela Ports.! 2 pm'Pler 2u
Chehalls... Los Angeles Ports.lll am|PIer 2 !
November 10. j ;
Sierra .'. Sydney & Way Ptsj 2 pm Pier 7
Newburg... Grays Harbor 1 4 pm Pier 10
G. Llndauei Grays Harbor .1 « pm Pl»r 2 '
Sequoia Willapa Harbor 12 m Pier 20 I
Fomo Pt. Arena & Albion e pm Pier 2 '
State of Ca! Fan D!»>ro & Way. 9 am Pier 11 i
It, Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20 J
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.] 10 am Pier 1 ,
November 11. | ;. i
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.. | 5 pm Pier 8 !
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 1(> am Pier 13 i
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9 !
Coos Bay-- San Pedro & Way. 9 amjPler 11 '
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul (Pier — I
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B. . . . . . .(Pier 16 I
November 13. j i
Acapulco.. N. Y. via Ancon..[12 m Pier 40 |
Ammon.... Hamburg & W Pts 10 am Pier 19
ArBO Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2[
Point Arena Point Af>na . . 4 pm Pier 2
November 13.
Columbia.. Aitoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
November 14. -j t
N. Fork Humboldt 112 m Pier 20 !
November 15.
Manchuria. China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40 I
November 16. ;
Umstilla... Pujret Sound Ports. 9 amjpier 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. . Sails. [
Jefferson Skaffway & Way, Ports. Nov. I j
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. IXov.' 7\
Btrtha. Cooks Inlet A: Way Ptsl.Vor. 10 '
Humboldt.... 5-kagway & Way. Ports. (Nov. : 11 '
Santa Ana... feeldovla & Way Ports. 'Nov. 10
Japanese Minister to Holland Makes
Counter Chanrc of Former}-.
THE HAGUE, Nov. 6.— Naboukata
Mitsuhashi, the Japanese Minister to
The Netherlands, to-day denied-abso
lutely the statement cabled from St.
Petersburg that he had organized an
attack on the Russian Baltic squad
ron. If Russia should produce, as the
"high authority" in St. Petersburg is
quoted as saying would be done, be
fore the international commission a
message purporting to have been sent
by the Japa-nese Minister "containing
complete evidence that such was the
case," Mitsuhashi said, the document
would be a forgery.
DEN1ES RUSSIA'S ACCUSATION*.
Oyam'a Will Attempt to Make Muk
den his Winter. Quarters.
MUKDEN. Nov. 6. — The Japanese
are still working hard entrenching
their front, which begins to look like
a continuous fort. It is believed they
are preparing seriously to advance,
making their front strong, possibly
in order that it may be held by a com
paratively small force while the heav
ier force engages in flanking move
ments. The Japanese have learned
by bitter experience not to expect
much from a frontal attack. They
Japanese Will Find the Siberian Port
¦ a Second Port Arthur.
CHEFU. Nov. 6. — As the result of
months of preparation Vladivostok is
now strongly protected, according to
Captain Halvorsen of the Norwegian
steamship Tungus. Captain Halvorsen
says that the Vladivostok system of
fortifications begins many miles out
side the city proper and grows
stronger as the city is approached.
The captain Is unable to estimate the
strength of the garrison, but he says
that everybody at Vladivostok seems to
be either an officer or an ordinary
soldier.
If the Japanese make an attempt
to capture Vladivostok it is the belief
of Captain* Halvorsen that they will
find it to be a second Port Arthur.
VLADIVOSTOK FORTIFIED.
Crown Princess of Korea Dead. '.
SEOUL, Nov. 6. —The Crown Prin
cess died here last night.
Snow Falls in the Catskllls.
KINGSTON, N. T., Nov. 6. — There
•was a heavy fall of snow In the Cat
skill Mountains last night, the first
snowfall of the season.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 6. — The Ameri
can evangelists, Storry and Alexander,
opened a three months' revival here
to-day in a building that had been
specially erected for the purpose, with
a seating capacity of 12,000. Twen
ty thousand persons came to the open
ing meeting.
American Evangelists in England.
Russian Lieutenant Colonel and Three
Men Put to Death. ;
- ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 6. — Gen
eral Kuropatkin reports that Lieuten
ant Colonel Bogddenoff, who was sent
by Viceroy Alexieff to explore Mon
golia, accompanied by only two inter
preters and a courier, was attacked by
Chinese bandits on November 3 near
Duinbin Mountain, on the Chinese
Eastern Railway, and that one of the
interpreters was killed, the others of
the party being captured. Cavalry
sent in pursuit of the bandits found
the corpses of Lieutenant Colonel Bog
denoff, the second interpreter and the
courier, which have been brought to
Harbin. General Kuropatkin adds
that punitive measures will be taken.
General Kuropatkin also reported
the repulse of a Japanese attack on
his' right flank on November 5. Six
Russians were killed.
MURDERED BY BANDITS.
Foreign Vessel Damaged, but the
American Cruiser Escapes In
jury Near Gibraltar.
GIBRALTAR, Nov. 6. — The cruisers
Olympia, Cleveland and Des Moines of
the United States European squadron.
Rear Admiral Jewell commanding,
have arrived "here. The Olympia had
in tow the British schooner Elizabeth,
with her stern badly damaged as the
result of a collision with the Olympia
on the ni«ht of November 5. The
Olympia was not damaged.
OLYMPIA IX COLLISION
WITH BRITISH SCHOONER
from &eatt>. for Honolulu; schr Ensign, from
Everett, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arlved Nov e— Bark
Albert, from Lahaina.
Sailed Nov C — Schr Prosper, from Ballard.
fcr Redondo; bktn Pnako, frcm. Bellingham.
for Port NataJ.
PORT HA DLOCK— Arrived Nov 6— Oer stmr
Amrnon. from Tacoma,
Sailed Nov 6 — Ger etinr Ammcn. for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Sailed Nov 6 — Stair Rival, for
San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Nov 6— Stmr
State of California., for San Francisco.
Arrlied Nov 6 — Stmr South Bay, from
Eureka.
FORT BRAG'S — Arrived Nor 6 — Stmr Na
tional Oty. hence Nov 5. .
Sailed Nov 6 — Stmr Brunswick, for San
Francisco; itmr James S Hlggins. for San
Franciaco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov C — Etmr Bertha.
frcm Valdei.
Sailed Nov 6 — Stmr Chia Nelson, for Baa
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS,
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 5 — Schr Jam**
Rolph, from Eureka.
Arrived Nov 6 — U . S stmr Thomas, from
Manila, for San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 5 — Ektn Irmgard. for Ean Fran
cisco.
HILO— Sailed Nov 3— Bark Amy Turner, for
Ean Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Xov 6— Stmr Ionian,
from Liverpool.
NEW YORK — Arrived Nov 6 — Stmr Minne
apolis, from L/Jr.drm and Southampton; atmr
Columbia, from Glasgow and Moville; stmr
Laurentian. from Glasgow.
ST JOHNS — Arrived Nov 5 — Stmr Sarma
tian. from Glasgow, for Boston
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Nov 5 — Stmr Ryn
dam. for New York. via. Boulogne
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov J— Stmr Lu
cania. from Queenstown. for New York.
DOVER— Sailed Nov 5— fcimr Pretoria, from
Hamburg, for New York, via Boulogne".
Memoranda.
Fer whalinj? stmr Bfliedere — Oct 15. In a.
strong SW gale and hea\-y »»a, washed a
boat overboard and broke a sailor's leg.
Per schr Mary Etta, from Iv»rsens Landing
Xov 4 — Returned to fc-an Francisco with part
c? cargo, it being too rough to finish loading.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Height of High and Lotv Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Frandeco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The h!sh and low waters occur at
the city front iMlS£ion-i>treet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point ; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER~T
Fun rises 6:4-1
Pun set* 5:05
Moon sets <new> 0:00 p.m.
0 'Time' !Time| JTimei Time!
5. | i Ft. | 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
? il w| |h w! |l w| h w|
7- I 4:l»i 2.6To:33| 6.0, 6:13j— 0.9' I
|H \\{ |L \V| !h w! |l W
S j 0:10* 5 0: 5:00, 2.S: 11:20] 6.01 6:C0 ! — 0.7
9 11:00! 4.9i 5.4S1 2 7il2:C0| 8 sf 6:49! «7
10 I !:R7i «.8 «:34| 3.0'12:«! 5 .5' 7:.*53:— «t 5
11 ! 2:M; 4.71 7:241 3.1) 1:.W 5.21 S:2S' — 0.2
12 j 3:4f! 4.71 g:25j 3.2J 2:2*1 4.s! »:2C| 0.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldea
the early mcrnmir tides are irlven In the left
hand co!cmn and the cuccesslve tides ef the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column rives the last tide of thi
day. «xcept when there are but three tides, as
*ometirr.es occurs. The heights given are. in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Ccast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the numb»r
fUen Is subtracted from the depth riven by
the charti. The plane of reference Is the mean
cf th« lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
KHABAROVSK, Nov. 6. — By Gen
eral Kuropatkin's order General Line
vitch left to-day to rejoin the field
forces.
Linevitch Returns to the Front.
Amiy and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6. — By order
of the War Department Post Quarter
Sergeant Charles H. Owens is relieved
from further duty in the Philippine
Division and will be sent to San Fran
cisco, reporting "by telegraph upon his
arrival to the military secretary of the
army for orders. First Lieutenant
George Garity of the Second Cavalry
will proceed from the United States
Army General Hospital at the Presi
dio, San Francisco, to Hot Springs,
Ark., and report to the commanding
officer of the Army and Navy General
Hospital at that place for treatment.
Orders to naval officers — Lieutenant
Commander G. W. McElroy will be
detached from inspection duty at the
American Steel Casting Company at
Thurlow, Penn., on November 10 to
the naval post at Cavite, P. I., to head
the department of steam engineering
of that station, sailing: from San
Francisco December IT.
water, has passed through the Bos
phorus on the way to join thj Rus
sian Baltic squadron. "4f
are obliged, however, to maintain a
strong front to prevent General Ku
ropatkin breaking through their line
and carrying the war to their rear.
There is considerable evidence to in
dicate that the Japanese will make
every effort to force the Russians out
of Mukden, not only for the moral ef
fect on Europe but on the Chinese as
well. Mukden is extremely important
to them as winter quarters.
The Japanese continue to ' receive
reinforcements and it' is believed by
Russian military men that their ad
vancing awaits only the arrival of suf
ficient men.
St. Petersburg Believes Last Battle of
Year Has Been Fought.
ST PETERSBURG, Nov. 6. — The
army organ to-day publishes a long
list of new commanders in the Far
East, including the appointments of
Generals Linevitch and Kaulbars to the
First and Third armies respectively.
Generals Kutnevich and Selivanoff will
command the Twenty-second and Thir
ty-seventh divisions of the First Corps,
whose chief. General Meyendorff, Is re
signing on account of ill health. Gen
eral Slouchevesky, commander of the
Tenth Corps, also has resigned and it
is expected that he will be succeeded
by General Jzerpitsky.
The sweeping character of these
changes may imply that there is no
intention on General Kuropatkin's part
to assume the offensive during this
year's campaign, unless an exceedingly
favorable opportunity offer. Indeed, It
begins to look like a deadlock below
Mukden for the winter unless Port
Arthur fall or the Japanese abandon
the idea of renewing the assault upon
the fortress there and settle down to
a regular siege, either of which would
release enough troops to give the pre
ponderance necessary to try to force
the Russians out of Mukden. In fact,
the latest dispatches from the front in
dicate that some such move is prepar
ing, though the best opinion at the
War Office holds to the view that there
is not likely to be another big battle
this year, one of the indications point
ed out being the departure of many
military attaches for the winter.
General Orloff, whom General Kuro
patkin blamed for the Russian reverse
at Liaoyangr, declares in the course of
an interview published in the Xovoe
Vremya to-day that he obeyed General
Stakelberg's orders in making the
much criticized attack, in which his
division was decimated and he himself
wounded. General Kuropatkin appar
ently is convinced that Orloff was not
to blame, and the order detaching him
has been revoked and he has been ap
pointed on General Kuropatkin's staff.
4
PLANNING FLANK MOVEMENT.
Semi - Official Newspaper Article
Spenks In Tone Flattering
to United States.
BERLIN*, Nov. 6. — A paragraph
printed in the North German Gazette
gives utterance to the great pleasure
of Germany at the inauguration of ne
gotiations for an arbitration treaty
with America. The paper comments
to the effect that while in the past
the two nations have had differences
the present conditions show that be
tween the countries exists the fullest
amity, without the slightest infringe
ment bv either of the other's prog
ress. ¦¦' ' : ~ ¦¦¦'.
This utterance, which is believed to
be governmentally inspired, is written
throughout in a tone most flattering
to the United States.
PROPOSED ARBITRATION
TREATY PLEASES GERMANS
.12mh Meridian-Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. C— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
•Jate ae compared with thore of sarr.» date last
season and rainfalls in la*t twenty-four hours:
l^asl This Last
Station* 24 hour?. Season. S<ason.
E-jreks. O.tO 8.71 19 s
Red Bluff O.C") 8.13 .»«
Kacrani'nto o.cu ~>.C<" •*&
gan Francisco 0.C0 T.W .60
Fresno O.Ort . 5,01 -'"J
Independence 0.00 ' . 47 .4-
San Luis Ohispo O.(,Q 4.'".! .">2
Los Anj;o!es ©.CO 1.13 .«
San Diego O.Co .15 .07
COAST RECORD.
= 2 «- r w "3
STATIONS. I if I HI |a 1
i 1 ff f\ i 1 I
Baker 30.22 60 36 SE Cloudy loS
Carson 30.14 60 2S W Clear .00
Eureka 3U.1O C2 44 SW Clear .< 0
Fresno 30.10 64 41! E Clear .CK»
SE. Farallon.ao.il* M 65 N\V Cloudy .00
Flagrtaff .10.12 5S 18 E Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatelio 30.26 Ss 28 SE Clear .00
Independence .30.10 «;S 40 S Clear .<0
Los Ange!ee..30.04 74 50 S\V Clear .«X>
Mt Tamalpats 45 .00
North Head.. 29. »4 S4 50 SE Cloudy .38
Phoenir 29. 9S 82 48 S\V Clear .00
Pt. Reyes Lt.30.OS <V: 51 N Cloudy .<*>
Portland 30.0S f>2 36 W Rain .64
Red Bluff 30.12 70 44 S Pt.Cldy .00
Raseburg :;0.0<i 54 ."is E Cloudy .06
Sacramento ..no.li> Otf 46 S Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake iV.30.20 5S Clear .0.")
•San Francisco.30.14 64 50 N\V Pt.Cldy .(ft
S. L.. Obispo.SO.fl'i 74 46 N Clear .00
San Diego ...3i>.0O Ws .">2 N\V Ciear .<*>
Seattle 30.06 54 3tt NW Cloudy .10
Spokane :;0.24 56 32 NE Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 52 46 SE Rain .CS
Walla. TValla.30.16 5S 42 EW Cloudy .CO
Winemueca ..3".2<> «54 30 NE Cloudy Tr.
Tuiaa 29.9<5 S2 .. SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A moderate disturbance overlies the Wash
ington coa«t. and conditions are favorable for
rain Monday from San Francisco northward.
A maximum velocity of thirty miles an hour
from the southeast is reported at North Head.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight November 7:
Northern California — Rain Monday; fresh
southeast winds.
Southern California — Fair Monday, becoming
elcudy at nipht: light southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Monday;
probably rain; fre«h southeast winds.
Lob Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday;
cloudy and threatening at night.
Sacramento — Cloudy Monday; probably light
rain.
Fresno— Increasing cloudiness; pocstbly rain
by night.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
LONDON, Nov. 7. — Special dispatches
from Chefu and Tientsin report that
the defenders of Port Arthur have re
tired to the Liaoti Hills fort, where
they are holding out desperately, en
trenched and with ten guns of large
caliber. Many Russians, the corre
spondents assert, are deserting and
surrendering. The Japanese, it is add
ed, are advancing with irresistible
energy.
More reliable reports do not confirm
these statements, but the Tokio report
of the capture of Wantai Hill, a domi
nating fort within two miles of the
railway terminus, shows that the Jap
anese are making ra_pid strides.
Bennett Burleigh, the Daily Tele
graph's correspondent, reports from
Chefu that there was no fighting on
the nisht of November 5. The troops
of the Mikado, he says, have frequently
stolen into the native town of Port Ar
thur after dark, but invariably were
driven out at daylight with heavy
losses. The Japanese have four large
forts facing the Russian works on Rih
lung Mountain and Shanshu Mountain,
where thev are mounting naval guns
on stone foundations.
Mukden dispatches to Berlin state
that the Russian commanders are pre
paring their men to hear of the fall of
Port Arthur.
»
SLAVS EXPECT RESPITE.
LONDON. Nov. 6.
It is rather an odd
mission for *a
woman which is be
ing undertaken by
Miss Gwendolyn S.
Hamilton, who left
this country yes
terday for King
ston, Jamaica, and
is going there at
the behest of Sir
Alfred Jones, head
of the new British
Cotton Growing
Association, to re
port on the possi
bilities for cotton
growing in the
"West Indies.
Miss Hamilton Is
only twenty-four.
She was educated
in Liverpool and
Oxford. She is a
daughter of J. Law
rence Hamilton, M.
R. C. S., who is
well known on both
sides of the Atlan
tic for his work on
fishery matters and
who is an honorary
member of the
American Fishing
Society. Since her
graduation Miss
Hamilton has writ
ten much on scien
tific topics. She is
one of the most
prominent members.*,
of the recently
formed Lyceum
Club for women
workers. 4
YOUNG ENGLISH GIRL WHO HAS LEFT HOME FOR
JAMAICA. WHERE SHE WILL MAKE A STUDY OF
COTTON GROWING.
Keports From Chefu and
Tientsin Say StoesselFs
Men Are Holding Out Des
' perately Against Enemy
GRANTS PASS. Ore., Nov. 6.— News
was brought to this city this morning
of a shooting affray at Williams, Ore.,
eighteen miles south of here, last night.
W. D. Shoemake, TO years of age, shot
and instantly killed his son-in-law,
Oliver Sargent.
The old man has been living with his
son-in-law for several years and the
two have frequently quarreled. Last
night they disputed over a mining
claim and Shoemake grew infuriated
and getting a shotgun sent the con
tents of both barrels of the weapon
into the younger man's back. Mrs.
Sargent and her children fled and
alarmed the neighbors, but the old man
barred the doors and windows and kept
every one away at the point of his
gun.
To-day Sheriff Lewis and several
deputies went out and. after some little
skirmishing, succeeded in taking the
old man into custody.
HAVE TEX CAXXOX
OF LAKGE CALIBER
Social Disr>atch to The Call
Leaves Home
to Go to Ja
• maica.
Weather Report
Infuriated Old Man Slays
His Daughter's Husband
by Shooting Him in Back
The whaling bark Belvedere came
into port late Saturday evening, twen
ty-three days from Fox Island, with
5IIS0 pounds of bone, her season's
catch in the northern seas. The Bel
vedere, her nams associated with the
ideal of «.Li£sic symmetry, is the pret
tiest -whale vessel that haunts the Arc
tic. Her iofty, tapering spars, spring
ing from a graceful hull, she presents
the picture of a dainty little clipper.
She can spread a volume of sail, but
supplied with her strong engines she
ii doubly fitted tot reaching into the
farther north fur the oil-bearing
quarry.
However, luck has been against the
Apollo Belvedere of a bark. The pro
peller tried to grind into a cake of ice
:n Bering Sea during the first of the
season, and, not succeeding, parted
company with the shaft. Captain Til
ton, knowing the sailing qualities of
his vessel, hauled fires, put the useless
engines out of commission and set sail
for the Arctic. It seemed that with
that propeller vent fair weather, and
the Belvedere began a fight with the
elements that lasted With short inter
missions till she had cut out the final
piece of bone and cleaned up for home.
Head winds and all degrees of unfa
vorable winds, high seas and all kinds
of disagreeable seas assaulted the
eteamer that could not steam, but
she never lost a spar nor a sail. Be
fore the propeller dropped down to
the bottom of Bering Sea the bark had
taken one whale. After she had brave
ly tackled the Arctic under sail she
took another and these two prizes
netted her 5" SO pounds of bone.
About the middle of October the
bark sailed for Sa.n Francisco and the
v.inds that had worried her in the
north followed her down the latitudes.
She failed over the spot where the
propeller was lying in its muddy bed.
with a gale trying to rip the canvas
rTi the yards. A huge sea came over
the starboard rail one day and caught
the cook, Jackson E. Townsend, as he
va« go:r.£ forward to heave overboard
a pan of potato peelings. The luckless
man was f.ur.g against the port bul
warks, heaved back to the starboard
with the roll of the bark and thrown
a grain across the deck and jammed un
der a heavy spar, where he la"y help
less. The succeeding waves that
hoarded the vessel and passed in turn
over the side would have carried him
into the sea for all time, but he was
fastened under the spare mast that
lay along the deck. No one could help
h:rn then, as all hands were busy hold
tng on and fighting the boarding seas.
Finally Townsend was with diffi
culty extracted from under the timber
ar.d carried below, where it was found
that his left leg was broken at the
ankle. Captain Tllton had him taken
to the cabin, and, with the assistance
cf the injured cook, who is evidently a
nervy fellow, the skipper set the frac
tured bones, splinted up the limb,
bandaged the foot in place, and so has
proved himself to be not only a thor
ough seaman, saving his disabled ship
in a continuous gale, but also a first
rlass emergency surgeon, saving the
unfortunate man's leg. He did not
have four years in a medical college
nor four years in a naval academy,
but he is a handy man for a' that.
For fourteen days the skipper has at
tended to his disabled cook stretched
out in the cabin and navigated over
stormy seas safely toward port the
steamer that could not steam.
As the Belvedere was making port
Saturday nijrht under sail she became
becalmed off Point Bonita. A boat
was lowered and sent into the harbor
»r.d a tug summoned. The Reliance of
the Spreckels Company responded and
the bark was towed into the bay.
Fleet of the Overdue*.
The kx thlp-s cf the overdue Seet ar« as fol
1c»-e: The E:rer.e. fre=i L'.verpocl for Valpa
raiso, cut iw -favg, reinsurance 9 per ceat.
Etip Troop, frcm Manila fcr St. Helena, out
S3 iays 25 per ceist.
E v .ip Ereracr.*. freni Krb- to Talttl, cut 14S
ctcys. 25 per cent.
Ship Graetar.o Caeabsna. frcm Sydney for
Tat:* Eay. out 136 <Iaye. 4i> per cect.
Ship etenlr, frcra New York fcr Brifbane.
«ut 153 <ia.*t. 5 per cent.
6hip Notre I>aine d'An-cr, frcm. Newcastle
t-yr £ar Frar.Jlco. oat 102 day* 15 per cent.
Water Front Xotes.
Tr.« Ar-.«rlca.-Ha.Tiaiian etea=ehij> Xeradaa.
fresa Hcsclu'.u ty »ay of Seattle, li flue to-
O "Warser, a pl-jr:ber fn?ra Bealcla, «tujn
b>3 Ir.to the bay frcm Mission-etreet »harf
(rcstcrtfay memtne and *ae rescued with much
eifficnltr-
We-ir.eriay the User Dcric »a!l« for the. Ori
vr.\. a.T.i the big: freighter Manchuria it <Jue
trorr. Ch:r.a and Japan.
Thursday the Oceanic cteasubip Sierra «alli
tor the Ariipodea.
Tte tar.spcrt Thcru* Is la Hesol^lu, bound
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Eur4ar. Sir. 6.
6t~« Argyll. Gllboy. § <Jay» tmm Honolulu.
Ctn-J- Cer.tralla. Erickson, 94 hours from
Cray? Harbor: bound eouth: put in to l&ni
6t«r Whltetbore. Fr*4er!ck«oa. 14 hour»
Ftm r Brooklyn. Carl*-^J. 15 houn from Men
<oc:nc; bcuri<J to San Diego: put In *it tact
6tr=r Francis H Lstgtrett. Rriners. £3 hours
frorr Eureka: bo-osd mouth; called in to land
_:a«*en»er».
F*;rr O C Llaiauer. AJ'ea, "5 hours from
Gre'-s K arbor.
BiTrr Sooth Cout, O:«a, 18 hours frcm
Caspar.
Etir.r Arctic. Nelson. £5 hours frcm Eureka.
Errr.r MarshSeld Denraeri 21 hours frcm
Barfly Creek.
Ecfcr Miry Eta. Wet«l. O hour* frera Irer
•cr.f Lar.'lln^.
Befer Lcme Beraett. R&csucsen. 57 (Jan
F^hr Mary C. Campbell. 10 hours from
Sun-ay Nor. «.
B'.tzt TVhittSer. Dlektoa. Pcrtland. Or«.
EtEr Santa Rosa. Alexander gan Disco
trd «ey pert*.
Ftrrr Maggie, Ea*!*«. Halfmoon Eav.
Ptrcr Navarro. Ja-?ob». Bowens Landmjr.
Stznr Q-jimjs. Thomas Victoria and Puret
Eocnd port*.
Ptmr Pcmcna. Eiraneon. Eureka
* t!rr Francle H Reiner. Ean Pedro.
etmr Urookim. Carlson, gan Di#ro
Ftrcr Olia. Smith. Albion.
fcttr.r Aur#!ia. Ericksori Portland
etmr Oualala. Kalsin. D*'mar '
', Fr hark Anjou. L#yi>:iee Fydr.ey
\ Tt T S& vv « J<1 * r * ( *. MahukoAa.'
t f^hr V©Urat#*r. Breesri. Coo« Bay
Erhr tacram^nto. Gnwl Coqullle Riv«.
> TELEGRAPHIC.
ciear; «ir.d NW: x-elodiy '«„,£,
DOMESTIC PORTS
EAN FCDRO-ArivM Kor .V-Stmr Acme
hggdssaxz E ?SS ; hn
TACX>MA— Sailed Nor 5— Bark Ti.^^
Brown, for f.n Pedro. -^-B**-* H«>dn
TATOOPII — Pa»se<_ out Nov «— Bark H.vh,
Brown froffl Tacoma, for San I'^ro Vktn
Jchn Palmer, from Evewt f Qr San P*Vt«"
«tovM«nIU. from Port G.mble.^or l*n F ra^
NF ; 3 S for 1^U V e. fr - Stmr G ' J ls ' h —
Pus'd out Not «J— Er ehip Celtic Monarch
from T«rcoma. for Que«>nsti>»nr i>ciir Aloha
Gwendolyn S
Hamilton's
Task.
Defenders of Port Arthur
Are Said to Have Been
Driven Back to the Single
Fort oil Liaoti Hill
Skipper an Emergency Hospital Surgeon
SLAYEK USES SHOTGUN
Aged Oregon Miner Shoots
and Kills Son-in-Law Bur
ing Quarrel Over a Claim
TO UNDERTAKE WORK FOR ENGLAND
BARK BELVEDERE LOSES
HER PROPELLER AT SEA
She Continues the Whaling Cruise Under Sail
GARRISON
MAKES ITS
LAST STAND
MURDER ENDS
WAR OF WORDS
YOUNG GIRL TO STUDY COTTON
GROWING IN WEST INDIES.
.. ¦ . \. . . • . - ., .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY. NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
5
ADVERTISE31ENTS.
Buy Your
UnderweaR.
From Us and Save
One-Fourth
We are Large Manufacturers
and Importers
and save our customers the 25 per cent
profit* thct the other stores pay the
wholesale dealers.
Try Us Once and You
Will Never Pay
2_Profits Again
• See Our...
Extra Special
Values at*
$1.00- $1.25
$1.50 -$2.00
and upward
6«o4i Frt«lj Excbtagtd tai Xaaty Sf fjai»i.
EAGLESON & CO.
780-786 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Los Angreles and Sacramento.
Skirt ractory— 533-535-537 Maxiot 8ft.
1 *"" *^ M — — —
Coughs
• Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
! pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
j 50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
i sale by all dealers and at office
! of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
I 28 California St., S. F., sent by
j mail or express. People. cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montroinexy 8tr«st.
Capital paid up ..... % 600,000
Dividends paid to depositors . 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LEGALLET. Vice- President.
LEON BOCQLERAZ. Secretary.
JOHX GINTT. Asjt. Secretary.
DIBECT0BS:
Dr. E. Artlgues, Ctas. Carpy. Leon K*u2m*a.
O. Bozlo, J. B. Clot, A. Roo*,
Leon Bocqa«rax. J. M. Dupas, A. Legallet.
J. A. Berzerot. J. S. Godeao. j. j. Mack.
¦ Interest paid oa deposits. Loans madt oa
Real Estate and approved »ecurttie».
0,DEWEy.STRONG&CO.>gg^
patents! J)
330 MARKET ST.S^SSS^
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABST ST. FitabUsJl-tf
In 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diw»w», Lo*t Manhood. D«bCtt_ror
ii!<«as» wtaringon body and mind aed
Sktn Dt*«a»es. Tbe Doctor cores when
others fall. Try him. Charge* low.
< nm inaranlrf d. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. GIBBOX. San Fr»p--isco. C»l
OCEAN TRAVTX.
Steamera lear» Broadway
yiXli-S-iSeV wharves '?t*r» 9 and Uj.
/AySna^A V*\ For KetchlVaa. Wna^el.
I I \fL>K\ 1 I Juaeau. Tr-adw»!ls. Htine*.
1 \ \g>Mfta/ / SJca«wajr. eto.. Alaska— 11
\A \\ -Vet] «¦ bi.. Nov. 1. 8. 11. 19. 21.
>K_JsjL 2a ' 1>fc - *• Cnaa*» to thl»
\ftS^_^?/ corcpaay*! «t«*rser» at Se»t-
For Victoria. Vanc«iT«r. Port Towssead."
Seattle. Taeoma. Everett. South BcUlagham.
Bellingham— 11 a. m.. Not. 1. «w 11. lfj, 2H.-
28, Dec. 1. Changs at Seattl« to this cam-
pany*s steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Taeoma. to N. P. R7-; at Vaaccuv»r
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 6. 12. IS. 24. 3<\ Dmc 9. Corona.
l:3O p. m-. Not. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. Dec 3.
For Lcs AriKelea (via- Port Los Angelas ami
Pedondo). Ean Dieso and Saat* Barbara—
Santa Roca. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Anseles fxla San Pedro aad East
San Pedro). £anta Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Slmecn. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura aad Hueseme.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Nor. T. 15. 23. D«c. 1.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nor. 3. 11. 19. 27. Dee. S.
For EnMnada. Mardalena Bay. Saa Joss del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pax. Santa Ra-
¦alia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtala- folder. Rich:
le reserved to change >teamer» or sailing datea.
TICKET OTFICES — 4 New Montsorn-
ery »t. (Palac« Hotel). li> Market «t..and Broad-
way wharves, rrelarht OSes 10 Market St.
C. D. DUNANN*. G«neral Pissescer As*nt.
10 Market »t., San Francisco.
Th« PadSa Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. win
call for and check barxage from hotels aad
residences. Telephone Exchange 212.
gccanics.s.co.s^3s
8. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Not. 10, 2 p. is.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Nov. 13. 11 am. '
8. S.MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nor. 25. 11 a. ra.
IRSmCIELSiBROi Cd, iznL.TlCtlt OSes SO ftr-
lll fTEUilt CSC3 323 ifflHt SI. Fig 7, P3!^ il
C0X?AS51f GSTXRaLK TRA5SaT^lTTU3X
DrRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS »<_¦-¦
Saillne every Th-jrsday instead cf •jSSSA
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier '-^M^^
42. North Rlrer. foot of Morton st.
! First class tr> Havre. $Tt> and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. ?45 and upward. GEN-
' ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 82 Broadway (Hudson butldlnw).
New Torlt. J. F. FVGAZI Sc Co.. Paciflc Coast
Acents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fraaclsco. •
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Tot XT. 8. Xarr Taxd aad T*UsJa.
Strs. General Frlsble. Montlcetlo and Arrow,
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. ft p.m.. 8:30 p. •
uj. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30 p-m.. »p.ro... S:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. T
a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:3U p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. « p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m., 8 p.m. Pier 2. ;
ft Mission st.; cbone Main 13O8. HATCH BRO9
WEEKLY CALL, f 1.00 PEB TEAS*'
- w ._. ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
¦ :.r/ •:¦¦•;¦•-
j_| i. •.«*._ _^ | __
§ f A $35© I
l^^PIANO
llgfCiivenAwayJ
2 Costs nothing but a Postal Card or Letter.
pi We are giving away a brand new
] HARVARD
a V l/\FVv/
ra Price $350, in beautiful mahogany cose, in even
a , exchange for your old piano or organ.
1 READ THE FOLLOWING :
m Write the number of your old piano or organ on
S a card, together with your own name and address and
| the name of the paper publishing this ad, and bring or
¦ mail them to our store before November 15 -the earlier
J the better.
¦ If your instrument is an organ, you will find the number in or
2 on the back. If it is a grand square, the number will be under the
<M strings. •
Jj •¦MS»H-«S«^^^^™«S««S^SS^SSS^^S^^S^B^^SSS»S»-B«» , - 0 .^
j ~|~|*_o. DriTO I" our window may be seen the beautiful new
j 1 UC TI MAS HARVARD PIANO we will give away. The
g number of this piano was sealed before this offer was made, and will
¦ not be uncovered until 10 a. m., November 15, at which time the
O award will be made to- the person whose instrument bears a number
Bj nea'rest'to that of. this Harvard Piano. Such person will. be given
* the privilege of exchanging the old instrument for the new without
ajj any additional expense. " . .
H Should there be more than one winning number, the one of
¦ earliest date will receive the award.
K This contest is open to every owner of a piano or organ in San
¦ Francisco, or within 200 miles of ihis city, no matter how old or
S ' dilapidated your instrument may bt.
g \ Send in Your Numbers Immediately. .
S 93 1-933 Market Street, San Francisco.
¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ailBBHHMHMBiMUMMiThe man who was born great may
not die that wav.
This la & year In which the Repub
licans cannot be content with a small
preponderance In the electoral college.
STbey should try to make It heavier
Hixon — It's a good thing the nights
are so long in Russia.
ir Hixon— It gives the natives a chance
to go to night school and learn the lan
guage.
THOSE AWFUIi NA3£ES.
Hix — Nixon 'stopped a runaway team
last week, and he's been kicking him
self ever since for doing it.
Dix— Why so?
Hlx — His mother-in-law was ' In the
team. .
SAVED HER.
llr. Thomas Watson wants Judge
Parker to get out of the field and, let
him beat President Roosevelt. As the
Republicans and the Populists are
running a partnership campaign they
would, of course, like to have the de
feat i of the Republican party left to
them*— Philadelphia Record.
Japan 1* crowded. Will anybody
dare to ask if the present war Is a
Providential way of getting rid of an
enormous surplus population that
could be of little If any use on earth?
Life Is but a span at the best. The
Japanese seem to be endowed with a
spirit of fatalism that makes them
•willing to forego more than half of
what at the beet Is but a brief breath
ing spelL — Cincinnati Enquirer.
Judge Clay N. Merriton of Alabama
was asked by a reporter how he had
acquired the facility with which he
turned from one case to another. In ex
planation he stated that he had learned
this from what he saw at a baptism of
colored people when a boy. "The weath
er was very cold," said Judge Merriton,
"so that to immerse the candidates
they were obliged to cut away the ice.
It happened that when one of the fe
male converts was dipped back into the
water the cold made her squirm about
and in a moment she had slipped from
the preacher's hands and was down the
stream under the ice. The preacher,
however, was not disconcerted. Look
ing up with, perfect calmness at the
crowd on the bank he said. 'Brethren,
this sister hath departed— hand me
down another.' " — Chicago News.
THE DEPARTED SISTER
The Democrats should have waged
this campaign, so far as the tariff is
concerned, against the abuses, nof
against the policy of protection. It
was a big, bad blunder to declare that
"protection Is robbery." It cut the
party loose from any bond of sympathy
with Republican tariff revisionists and
it declared a doctrine that is foreign
to the views and feelings of a ma
jority of Democrats. All the conser
vative utterances that . followed the
"robbery" declaration in the' text of
the platform and in Judge Parker's
frank deliverances cannot antidote that
outburst of passion — Washington Post.
A paragraph on "phonetic laziness"
In the London Daily Chronicle recent
ly brought out the eccentric pronuncia
tion of some of the curious pla<*e names
that adorn the map of England. Some
forms are unfamiliar and may help
travelers in out-of-the-way places in
that \ happy land. According to the
Chronicle, these are the local pronun
ciations: ._ J,
Rhudbaxton is Rlbson. "
Woodmancote is Uddenmuckat.
Sawbridgeworth is Sapser.
Churchdown is Chosen.
Sandiacre Is Senjlker.
Little Urswick is Lilosik.
Aspatria - is Spethry.
St- Osith Is Toosy.
Chaddenwyche is Charnage.
Happisburgh is Hazeboro.'
Salt Fleetby la Sollaby.
Almondesbury is'Amesbury.
Congesbury is Coomsbury.
, Of places better, known Ulverstone is
Oost'n and Hurstmonceaux Horse
mounces. It is a safe rule, apparently,
in Britain never to try to pronounce
a name according to the spelling.
PHONETIC LAZINESS
than was that of 1900, although that
was the largest since Grant's lead
over Greeley in 1872. The broader the
margin on the Republican side in No
vember the better it will be for the
country's business, honor and credit at
home and abroad for the next four
years. The incentive among intelli
gent, patriotic Americans to roll up
an Immense majority for the Republi
can ticket was never greater than it is
in 1904. — St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
It is a long time since a candidate
Of either party for the Presidency hesi
tated to meet the people on the pub
lic platform. Grover Cleveland was
no orator; but he never was afraid
to speak and he never failed to get an
audience and attention. Judge Park
er's seclusion is going to be closer than
that of McKinley in 1896, which was
rather noticeable. But the whole
country knew McKinley*s person and
views, and Canton was a central point
fer visiting delegations. Besides, we
believe he did make several Important
speeches. Anyway, nobody ever accused
him of distrusUng his power to ad
dress and persuade his countrymen.
We cannot wonder that the Democrat
ic leaders are a little disgusted with
the decision of triplr candidate. — Min
neapolis Tribune.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
FAIR DIANA.
The Soubrette— Why do the poets call
it "silver moon"?
The Comedian — 'Cause It, comes In
quarters and halves. I guess.
After many seasons of mediocrity, the
leather belt has come into prominence
again. There are lovely leather belts
as well a a belts of kid, suede, ooze and
cf rough leather with the hide on it.
Stocks are made to match these belts
and one sees cuffs to harmonize.
BELTS OF LEATHER
Embroiders Is more used than ever,
but it partakes of an Oriental tone.
Colored silk and plaid silks - are em
broidered with tiny figures that look as
though they were scattered over the
gown.
EMBROIDERY
The shirt waist sets of last summer
are being utilized this fall upon cuffs
and collars, and to fasten the fronts
and the backs of shirt waists. They
are made in all sizes and a perfect set
of pins varying In size can be pur
chased for a dollar or thereabouts. 1 .
One of the prettiest of fashion's frills
is the lace cuff. This consists of a
triangular piece of lace, beautifully fin
ished around the edge. It is sewed to
ths upper part of the sleeve just as
they sewed lace cuffs to the sleeves a
hundred years ago or nearly.
SHIRT WAIST SETS
Pone — Two cups cornmeal, two caps
wheat flour, one cup sugar, one-half
cup melted butter, one egg, one tea
spoonful salt, one teaspoonful soda,
one teaspoonful cream of tartar. Mix
with enough milk to make a moderate
ly stiff batter, and bake in hot oven.
Sea Foam Rolls — Pour one pint of
scalding hot milk on one tablespoon
ful of butter, one of sugar, and one
teaspoonful of salt; mix well and when
cold add one-half yeast cake and three
cups of flour; set to raise for two or
three hours and add flour enough to
knead; then raise again and knead
the dough again, roll out into thick
ness of an inch, cut^nto biscuits, roll
each biscuit into an oblong shape,
brush with butter and fold over;
brush the tops of rolls with butter and
let rise until very light; bake in a hot
oven.
Date Cake — Cream ons eop of tmg&r
and one-half cup of butter together.
Add the beaten yolks of two eggs, then
two cups of flour sifted with three
level teaspoons of baking powder,
after reserving enough to flour the
fruit. Add one-third cup of milk,
slowly beating all tho time, then the
stiffly .beaten whites of two eg&t, and
last oot pound of dates stoned and cut
in pieces, and roll in the flour that was
reserved. Beat and baka in a moder
ate oven about three-quarters of aa
hour If In a deep pan.
Lemon Sherbet — The request for a
good lemon sherbet Is constantly re
peated. A plain water Ice must have
a syrup foundation. Put three cups of
granulated sugar and two cups of wa
ter together and cook without stirring
until the syrup will thread and Is
thick. Cool, add the Juice of half a
dozen lemons, two oranges and a level
tablespoon of the yellow peel of the
lemons grated. If any of the white
peel is used it will affect the taste of
the sherbet, giving a bitterness that Is
unpleasant. Set this mixture aside to
steep nearly an hour, then strain into
the freezer and freeze.
And thu3 is many a bouI released
To realms beyond astronomy.
While Death enjoys a lavish feast —
That's paid for by Economy.
Economy. Economy!
That thin-lipped nymph. Economy.
— Baltimore Herald.
"Yon theater's a .hall of death,"
I told a builder, pottering,
"Yon bridge would tumble at a breath.
And every pile seems tottering."
"Economy, Economy!"
Remarked that builder, pottering.
"Why do you build yon railway gap,"
I asked a railroad president,
"To be a deadly danger trap
To each suburban resident?"
"Economy, Economy!"
Explained the railway president.
"Why do you build your boats so cheap,"
I asked a magnate, querulous,
"That Death lurks near while trippers
,, • sleep, ;•
And every ride is perilous?"
"Economy, Economy!"
Explained that magnate, querulous.
"Why are your workrooms so disposed,"
I asked some wealthy savages,
"That men and women are inclosed
Where quick consumption ravages?"
"Economy. Economy!"
Explained those wealthy savages.
Oh. let me turn my deep, sad gaze
From regions of astronomy
And pause a moment in the prais*
Of that sweet nymph. Economy —
Economy, Economy!
That reckless maid, Economy.
LACE CUFFS
SOME GOOD RECIPES
ENCOMIUM TO ECONOMY
After a season of black and white
waists Dame Fashion turns toward the
colored waists. The loveliest shirts are
made of Scottish plaid silk and of
plaid flannel and there are waists of
plaided satin. They are made in the
most fetching modes and for those who
are not too stout to wear plaids noth
ing prettier could be imagined.
With the new fashion of dressing the
hair in Paris, the roll at the back, with
the long comb put in sideways and the
tightened sides, a new style of hair
ornament has come into being. This' is
a broad bow of pink or blue velvet
made unusually into a stiff knot, the
two bows at one side and two wired
ends at the other," and almost covered
with glittering sequins. These new
bows are rather startling in effect at
first, though the eye soon becomes used
to them. ,*. ;
Amendment No. 11
Is the best substitute offered, and as' an individual deeply Interested la ttm
welfare of this city. I cordially indorse the amendment.
San. Francisco. Nov. 4. >V.: WILLIAM GREER HARRISON.
Editor The Call: Shipping should b« absolutely free of all port charge*,
but failing this
NEW HAIR BOW.
COLORED WAISTS
WILLIAM GREER HARRISON FAVORS
PASSAGE OF AMENDMENT NO. 11
Of course our Eastern friends are wont to become somewhat
peevish when they huddle about the big Franklin stove and read
of Ophir roses and surf bathing out here on our coast. In the in
tervals between damming up burst water pipes they ejaculate
somewhat testily that they are getting tired of all this land-of
sunshine talk and they turn to face the frightened mercury in the
tube with countenances stamped with patriotic resignation to the
vagaries of their own climate.
Remember, though, we do not urge a visit to California in the
winter : we only suggest. The matter is too obvious for discussion. If
one would rather shovel tons of hard coal into a stove for fdur
months than eat strawberries under a rose tree, that is his privilege.
We only very modestly point to sapphire skies, billowy green hills
and riotous acres of vivid wild flowers with the heartily spoken as-
Eurance that there is enough for all and to spare.
Back in old Cape Cod and along the banks of the Wabash the
good folk are beginning to screw on their double windows, set up
their base burners and oil the hinges of their storm doors. A bank
of leaves is put about the pump, cordwood for the furnace is being
duly freighted and the turnips in the cellar are warmly battened
down so that the}' will not freeze too early. With the. first frosts
of November moth balls are shaken out of furs, mittens are dug out
of the innermost recesses of. trunks and Uncle Silas has a new rub
ber band sewed on his ear muffs. Winter is no snap.
WE of California are not given to vain boasting nor the vaunt
ing of ourselves, our land and institutions, but occasionally
we are moved to give our Eastern brethren a little disinter
ested advice. This is about the time for some of this milk of human
kindness to be drawn. Winter is coming.
AN INVITATION.
' There are 300 American educational
and philanthropic institutions In the
[ Turkish empire.
The new shirt waists are lovely and
one pretty waist was trimmed down
the front in a lattice design. Narrow
strips of silk were stitched and lat
ticed down the front of the waist. The
same lattice was employed upon the tops
of the sleeves. The cuffs were also
latticed. And the stock was a white
silk one latticed with narrow black
Filk ribbon.
PRETTY SHIRTWAIST
There is really no limit to the fig
ured goods that are seen, nor to the
flowered materials. One of the hand
somest materials looks like black satin.
Upon it are nouveau art roses, ... big
straggling things of heroic size, ragged
in outline and supplied with big green
leaves. This material looks more like
upholstery than dress goods- Yet lead
ers of fashion are ordering whole
gowns made out of It.
Mary Kelley, giving an address in
East One Hundred and Twenty-second
street, leaving a dry goods store on
Third avenue, New York, the other
afternoon, bulged considerably.
"What did you steal here?" asked
the manager, stopping Her.
"A lace handkerchief," admitted
Mary.
Mary walked to the East One Hun
dred and Twenty-sixth street station
with much difficulty and there the
matron solved the mystery of the
bulge. In a bag under Mary's skirts
she found four water glasses, four
saucers, a brush, three handkerchiefs,
a box of shoe blacking, a bottle of glue,
four Bide combs, a thimble, a paper of
pln3, one doll, two pieces of silk, five
pairs of stockings, three hatpins, a
cook book, four mustard spoons, a
monkey wrench, a vase, two comts, a
bottle of mustard, a bottle of cologne
and a water pitcher.
Ihe matron. In her surprise, advis d
that Mary be locked up as. a shop
lifter.
WHY MARY BULGED.
FIGURED GOODS
FOR THE TALL WOMAN
The tall woman —
Should never show that she is
conscious of her height.
Should cultivate repose and a
dignified but rational carriage.
, Should never allow herself to
stoop, because the result is awk
ward and yet not an inch ap
pears to be detracted from her
height.
Should avoid very small hats or
startling colors and plaids in
dresses.
Should above all things avoid
diminutive furniture, for a tall
woman In a small seat is abso
lutely ridiculous, whereas a tall
Junoesque figure in a high-back
ed chair is a Joy to an artistic
eye.— Chicago Journal.
Such is the trade situation this fall. It could hardly be better.
There are no disquieting signs anywhere. In finance, stock and bond
investments, railway earnings, manufacturing returns, farm prod
ucts, general merchandising, crop prospects, collections and failure
records we find the same cheerful reports. Business is in excellent
condition, and bids fair to continue so.
LAST week was remarkable from a business standpoint. With a
Presidential election only a few days off the record for the week
was in almost all respects ahead of that for the corresponding
week last year. There was an increase in the volume of business,
according to the bank clearings, of 5.2 per cent, the failures were
only 239 against 246 last year, 10,000 Eastern cotton-mill hands re
sumed work, some iron and steel products were advanced in price,
an improvement in collections was reported by the mercantile agen
cies, while the October railway earnings showed an increase of 7.6
per cent and the foreign exports from New York gained $789,276 and
the imports fell off $297,752. *
For the week immediately preceding a Presidential election it
was a record-breaker. The usual apathy of an ante-election week
was nowhere visisible. Instead there was a feeling of buoyancy all
over the country. Of the seventeen most prominent cities only four
— Cincinnati, Kansas City, Cleveland and New Orleans — showed a
rjecrease in bank clearings, and they were all small, the largest being
6.1 per cent at Milwaukee. The clearings themselves were record
figures, mounting up to an aggregate of $2,854,750,000. When it is
considered that for some years past $2,000,000,000 has been a good
average volume for these clearings, the gain in business last week
becomes apparent. For months during the early part of this year
they stood along in the neighborhood of $1,800,000,000. Here, then,
is an apparent gain of 50 per cent this fall over the spring and sum
mer months. Of course, considerable of this gain is to be credited
to the greatly enlarged trading on the New York Stock Exchange, but
it must also be remembered that this increased trading in the stock
market has been based wholly on the improved business conditions
throughout the country, so the increase on the Exchange was merely
a consequence of the expansion in general business. Had business
not made its marked improvement there would have been no in
creased trading in the stock market. One proves the other.
A survey of the business field in detail is corroborative of the
statements above. Pittsburg, with a gain in bank clearings of 284
per cent, affirms the reports of a pronounced improvement in the
iron and steel trades. Philadelphia, with a gain of 244 per cent,
testifies to increased activity in the textile industries. Minneapolis,
with a gain of 15.6 per cent, shows an improved movement in wheat
and flour over last year. Baltimore, with an increase of 17.7 per
cent, indicates just so much expansion in exports of general mer
chandise. San Francisco, with a small increase of 34 per cent, saves
her distance, and that is about all. Still, it places our city on the
right side of the exhibit. New York shows an increase of 30 per
cent. And so it runs all along the line.
Pursuing the detail further we find an active market for hides
end leather, with prices higher than a month ago; a brisk movement
in raw wool, which has been passing out of raisers' hands at a rapid
pace ; large crops of corn and cotton, with an excellent demand for
both at good prices ; high quotations for wheat, which is bringing the
growers large retiyrns; general expansion in many lines of manu
factured goods ; labor fully employed everywhere, except where the
workmen have struck for better terms for themselves, and an abun
dance of money, which has permitted the movement of the crops
without Governmental assistance, and with no strain whatever upon
the banks. In brief, not for years has the financial and commercial
situation been better at this time of the year, and as far as the
movement of crops is concerned it has not been as encouraging as it
has this fall. A decline in European exchange during the past week
shows that the balance of foreign trade is again running in our
favor. Almost every line of business in the country shows an expan
sion, and the only prominent exception is provisions, which are quiet
throughout the West.
REMARKABLE ANTE-ELECTION WEEK.
I "The tendency of civilization seems
to be toward comparatively late and
few marriages. One can almost Judge
«f the advancement (!) of a people as
a whole by the number ' of single
women. Females among savage races,
as in the animal kingdom, are not al
lowed to remain unmated. It is an
unusual thing in these days for a well
bred girl to marry under 20. In our
mothers' day such a course was emi
nently proper and in our grandmothers'
time girls married at 15 or 16.
"These figures would seem to confirm
the worst fears of those who, forty
years ago, opposed the admission of
women to college. It is difficult to
make comparisons, because so many
circumstances enter into the question
of marriage. College women come from
all sections of the country and from
most diverse social and pecuniary en
vironment. The rate here given is un
doubtedly less than that for the whole
female population of the country, but
perhaps not less than might be ex
pected for a specialized and highly ed
ucated class."
It will be seen that the writer Is put
on her defense even when the statis
tics are stretched to 60 per cent. But
the statistics for thirty years lie be
tween 42 and 53 per cent. None the less
the following arguments will be found
satisfactory:
Miss Abbott comments as follows:
"Of graduates of the first ten classes,
whose average age now would be from
50 to 60, 56 per cent have never mar
ried. It Is quite possible that some of
the living members may marry yet, but
making allowance for sporadic cases, 60
per cent would probably include the
complete marriage record of graduates
of this period.
"Such are the facts as to matrimony,
namely, that of the 700 women who- left
Vassar previous to 1886 and who would
now show a minimum age average of
40 years, only a few. over one-half are
now married, and of those who are
married the average family Is less than
two children."
- "During the thirty years from 1867 to
1896. 1302 women have graduated from
Vassar. Of these, Including 118 since
deceased, 541 were or had been mar
ried in 1900. being 41% per cent. That
means that less than half 'adopted
matrimony as a profession." Taking
only twenty years, all the graduates of
which may be assumed to have reach
ed marriageable years (they would
average from 36 to 56), one finds that
out of 701, 272 were married, a pro
portion of 53 per cent. This is still
only a little over one-half.
"The number of children from these
372 marriages of full-grown graduates
was 656 in 1900. an average of less than
two per family. But ''since 131 of these
children were born in twenty-eight
families (an average of over four), the
average for the bulk of the graduates
was only one and a half child per mar
riage.
says:
"The statistics for 18S7-1896. which
show only twenty-eight marriages per
100 graduates, with an average of less
than one child per marriage, are 'ob
vioWy incomplete* because half the
members were under 30 in 1900.
rHAT less than half the young
women who' graduate from Vas
sar College marry is shown by
Frances M. Abbott in a recent article
in the Popular Monthly. Miss Abbott
ON the borders between China and
Russia in Asia, almost due south
of Lake Baikal, is a good sized
town known as Malmatehtn.
which is exclusively inhabited bj. men.
The place has a considerable trade and
is also a* military post. An old law
forbids women to live in this territory,
and they cannot pass the great wall
of Kalkan nor enter Mongolia at alL
"The Prison of the Ten Thousand
is the name given by the wancJerinx
Arabs of the district across Jordan to
the fortress monastery of Mar Saba,
on the Dead Sea. Not many years ago
there were actually ten thousand
monks living in this grim retreat, and
even to-day there are more than a
thousand left. The monastery is one
of the oldest in the world, havinsr beea
founded about thirteen hundred year*
ago by Eutheymius.
The Empress Eudoxla formed a ro
mantic attachment for this stern old
anchorite, and built near by a tower,
which still exists, from which she
could watch him at a distance. True
to his vow, Euthymius utterly refused
to see or hear the voice of a woman.
Now the tower is Inhabited by a
watchman, who keeps guard against
the incursions of prowling Arabs.
Twice during the last year the place
has been raided by hordes from the
desert. The monks who live there to
'. day are the most rigorous of any rn
the Greek church. They pass their
lives In everlasting penance, without
; hope of pleasure or cheerful Incident.
Many of them go mad from the horror
and desolation of their surroundinars.
No woman is permitted %p come within
sight of Mar Saba.
When Montana City burned some
strange facts concerning its inhabitants
came to light. The town, which held
at the time about five thousand Inhabi
tants, was occupied only by less than
a hundred Chinamen, who lived bv
working the tailings of a once valuable
mine. Small wonder that the fire raead
for days till the town was reduced to
ashes. It Is said that for years no
woman had been seen in that once
prosperous town. %
Another Far "Western settlement
which is composed exclusively of men
Is Excelsior City, situated In a wild,
rugged stretch of country on tn» Mexi
can edge of Southern California. This,
too, was. once a mining town and has
many fine buildings, but the ore rave
out and it was deserted. Gradually it
became a resort for escaped criminals
and outlaws, who ara practically all
men. There are said to have been
three hundred of them in all. murder
ers and desperadoes every one. But as
there Is. no port or railway anywhere
near, they are entirely isolated and
practically prisoners.
A spot practically unknown to civlll
! zation on the shores of the Red Sea at
Midi is the home of pirates and slavers,
a regular nest of criminals. The Dlace
is Inhabited almost entirely by men.
for the sheik who holds absolute con
trol there allows only the best of his
warriors to marry. It pays no tribute
to the Turkish government, for It lies
at the end of a* long, narrow harbor
inaccessible to vessels. It seems prob
able that it will continue its career
unchecked.
MANY TOWNS
for
MEN ONLY
COLLEGE GIRLS
and
MATRIMONY
FOUR MORE YEARS AHEAD!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. 6PKECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS J|TJ- COMMUNICATIONS TO -
JOHN McyAUGHT Maaagff
prsLJCATiON orncs .third and market streets, san t-rancisco
MOXPA.Y ? NOVEMBER T, 1904
COPYRIGHT. 1904. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. "W ITH THE NEW TORK EVENING MAI!
6
Special Information supplied daily to
business houaes and public men by ti»»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO c*\.
Ifornla street. Telephone Mala i»4J, •
Townsend's California Qlace fruits in
artistic ttre-etched boxes. 715 Market «.•YOUR PRINTING ON TIME.— Gabriel Print
ing Co. print anything. 419 Sacramento su *
At the Mechanics' Pavilion Art Gal
lery to-night : ( Monday) Professor H.
Morse Stephens will lecture on "The
Peace of the Consulate." This is the
third in the series of university exten
sion lectures on "The Napoleonic Pe-i
riod,". which Professor Stephens is de
livering for the "Mechanics' Institute.
On Novembmer 2 1 Professor. Stephens
will lecture on "Establishment of the
Empire." , , r .
Professor Stephens* Lectures.
The season at Shell Mound Park
closes next Sunday, and Captain ' L.
Siebe and W. A. Siebe have planned
to make the event a gala affair. There
will be grand prize shooting:, bowling
and raffling of turkeys, ducks and
geese. Dancing will be the attraction
at the pavilion from 1 to ft p. m.; with
music by A. . Philstrom's Military
Band. There will be irate prizes, and
the management promises all who
visit the grounds a hearty good time.
Sliell Mound Park to Close.
Alleine Hill, who says she is an act
ress, was arrested early yesterday
morning by Detective Ryan and Po
liceman; C. F. Skelly on a charge of
grand larceny. R. P. Hale, 411 Minna
street, went to her room at 827A How
ard street on Friday night. He had a
diamond ring on his finger valued at
$150, and after they drank some beer
the woman wanted him to give her
the ring, but he refused. She sot him
to \ drink another glass of beer and
he went to sleep. When he awoke she
had disappeared with the ring. She
admitted to Detective Ryan that she
had the ring, but declared that Hale
presented it to her. She gave the ring
to Thomas Pheletidas, who was ar
rested yesterday afternoon.
Appropriates Diamond Ring.
Dr. Robert A. McLean
Has returned from abroad. Office 369
Sutter street, Lincoln building, near
Stockton, San Francisco. Hours: Morn
ing. 9; afternoon. 2 to 5/ •
The members of the board of di
rectors of the San Francisco Nursery
for Homeless Children have been hold
ing a rummage sale for the benefit of
the building fund. To add to the suc
cess of the sale contributions of cloth
ing are solicited. The fund. will be ap
plied toward the erection of a new and
commodiius building for the children
of the city at Lake street and Four
teenth avenue. The foundation has
been laid and the money for the rest
of the building is being earnestly asked
and sought. .
Although the sale has been a suc
cess, several thousand dollars is
still needed. Any donations of money,
clothing, household utensils, linen,
building materials and children's toys
will be gratefully received at the nur
sery, 1534 Mission street. t .
Charity of the Public Is Appealed
To for Donations of
Clothinjj.
IIOME FOR CITY'S WAIFS
HOLDS RUMMAGE SAIjE
VALL.EJO, Nov. 6.— J. O'Nell, a
marine from the barracks at Mare
Island, was stabbed to-night by W.
D. Jones, another marine, during a'
row in the tenderloin district. O'Neil's
death Is expected. Jones, who is a
much smaller man than O'Neil, says
hf was assaulted by the wounded man
and used his pocket knife In self-de
fense. Jones Is in custody.
One Marine Stabs Another During
Fracas and Inflicts Wounds That
May Result Fatally.
KXTFE IS USED IX ROW
. IX VAMJEJO'S TEXDERLOIX
Judge Coffey has highly commended
William E. White. Vote for Mr. White
for Judge. ¦ •
¦ » ¦
3IAXY EXPERTS TO SPEAK
AT IRRIGATION* CONGRESS
M. Detchs and wife, H. Marx. C Marx.
Mrs. H. Marx, C. M. Gorham. Mm. A. M.
Alkins, A. F. Clinch. R. H. Porttetherait. L..
Buddlck. O. Bozlo, J. A. Rust, W. H. Hill,
S. H. Rowland. G. H. Wilson. Mrs. S. WIl
kins, W. A. Cannady, Mrs. F. Cannady. K.
W. Bras. Mrs. R. S. Browne. J. C. Hljreins,
L. Aronson. W. W. Finngre, A. Aronson. L.
Schoerberg-. L-. E. Alexander, C. E. Townsend,
E. Dahack. D. Leward, C. Hess. A. H.
Frank, A. I* Conn, C. F. Sharrocks and wife.
W. Im. Hughes and wife, Mrs. A. Cohn. M.
O'Brien. T. A. PIttero.
ST. LOUIS7 Nov.' 6.— The "following
San Franciscans have registered re
cently at the California building at
the World's Fair:
Visited the Exposition.
San Franciscans Who Have Recently
WESTERNERS AT FAIR.
WASHINGTON. Pa., Nov. 6. — This
little town has never known so much
excitement as that occasioned by an
action by the Town Board of Educa
tion late yesterday afternoon and made
public to-day. Many of the girls of j
the town schools have been smoking '
cigarettes to such an extent that they
became "dopey" and so courted an in
vestigation. The Board of Education
has issued an ultimatum that any
pupil of either sex found smoking
cigarettes will be expelled.
The board produced the names of j
150 pupils who had been found smok- I
ing. Many on the list were girls, j
Spies reported that the schoolgirls had
formed little smoking clubs.
Female Scholars in Pennsylvania Town
Become "Dopey" as Result
of Pranks. 1
SMOKING CLUBS FORMED
BY YOUNG SCHOOLGIRLS
TACOMA, Nov. 6. — John Kadow
lost an arm at Waahougal yesterday.
With another young man he was driv
ing in a buggy, holding a shotgun in
his lap. The gun was accidentally dis
charged, the charge taking effect in
his left arm just above the elbow,
making it necessary to amputate the
limb at the shoulder.
Hunter Loses an Arm,
Market Recovers as Scare Passes.
LONDON, Nov. 6. — Business on the
Stock Exchange has been mainly in
fluenced by the varying phases of the
North Sea affair, consols being strong
ly affected by apprehensions of a pos
sible Anglo-Russian war. When
Thursday found the trouble at least
temporarily arranged the market rap
idly recovered, but remained in a
somewhat nervous condition. The
American market was disturbed by
New York's gold shipments.
- El Alma Cotillon Club gave its first
dance of the season at Cotillon Hall
Friday evening, October ... 28. 'The
slelghbell german, which was a great
Dr. d'Evlyn made some very appro
priate remarks concerning the Boys'
Club, its worthy object and spoke in
praise of the Mothers' .Club's efforts.
The Boys' Club, "organized a year ago
by Miss L. . Zabriskl, principal of the
Buford Free Kindergarten, has suc
ceeded In living and has been well as
sisted by the Mothers' Club- The offi
cers in the latter organization are:
Miss L. Zabriski, president; Mrs.
Krahn, vice president;* Mrs. Herman
Molema, secretary; Mrs. J. H. Coates,
treasurer.
Selections. Columbia. Park band, direction
Mr. Peixocto: piano solo, Miss Dalley; vocal
eolo, "Island ot. Dreams." Miss Celenla'Bello
rarde; dramatic recitation, Mrs. Adell Loner
gran; piano duet. Bonita Ronan, Fredda
Latcha; song:. Miss Mary Rose, accompanied
by Miss Mary Welleradlck; mandolin and
piano duet. Miss Klrchner and Miss Coombs;
fancy dance, Alice Williamson; trio, "Deneath
Thy Window," Misses Lydia Dlpple, G*rirude
Rose, Alma Anderson; solo, Mrs. Coyle; trio
for violin, cello, piano. Miss Rose Manning,
Violet and Bstelle Baldwin; duet for piano,
Cora Brigjts, Lily Troy. •
A Halloween party was given .the
Boys' Club by the Buford Mothers'
Club in the South San Francisco Op
era-house, on October 31. The follow
ing musical programme, under the di
rection of Sidney Peixotto, gave much
enjoyment:
CLUB PARTIES.
St. Louis Woman Makes Two Thou
sand Dollar Bequest as Com*
pensation for Loss.
PEORIA, 111., Nov. 6. — Mrs. James
Isom has bequeathed to Mrs. Ellen
Mays of St. Louis $2000 to "compen
sate her for the murder of her hus
band."
Isom killed Mays in , a fight and
eerved a term in the penitentiary for
his offens^. Mrs. Isom died a few days
ago and provided for the widow in her
will.
LEAVES MONEY TO WIDOW
Op MAN HUSBAND 3IURDERED
CINCINNATI. Nov. 6. — The remov
al of the remains of Archbishop El
der from Seton Hospital to St. Peter's
Cathedral to-day was attended by one
of the greatest crowds In the city's
history. The police had hard work
to clear an exit at the hospital and
later an entrance to the cathedral. At
the hospital Archbishop Moeller,
Chancellor Dutton and Father Nau
chanted the "De Profundis."
The waiting * multitude passed
through to view the remains, which
are to He In state until Tuesday. The
stream of people continued passing
through the cathedral during the
night. ,-.;:<
Body Will Lie In State Jn Cathedral in
Cincinnati Until To-
Morrow.
THOUSANDS VIEW REMAINS
OF ARCHBISHOP ELDER
EL PASO. Tex., Nov. 6. — The ex
ecutive committee of the Twelfth Na
tional Irrigation Congress has mailed
to all delegates an advance pro
gramme of the proceedings of the
coming session of the congress to be
held in this city November 15 to 18.
On the subjects of forestry, engi
neering and mechanics,, climateology
and rural settlement the programme
includes addresses and papers by 87
of the most prominent experts in their
respective departments. A long list
of delegates is already in the hands
of the secretary. Additional lists are
being received daily from all parts of
the country and a large attendance,
Including many ladles. Is assured.
Eighty-Seven to Appear Before the
Convention to Meet In El Paso
This Month.
Miss Bertha Schulman was the re
cipient of a surprise party at her home,
541 Fell street, on the evening of Oc
tober 30. Those who gave, the pleas
ant affair were: Annie Golober, Frank
Sandy, Zelda Kantrowitz, Roy Buljan,
Freda Victor, Lawrence Buljan, Freda
Rubinstein, Clifford Molla, Rose Gruhn,
Herbert Lockman, Nellie Schulman,
Onoword Molla, Helen Kresteller, Ma
bel Schulman, Harry Gabriel, Hattie
MIchels, Joe Leopold, Jean Jenkins,
Claudia Steinman, Glenn Erbanks,
Agusta Chaskel, Irene Konlgstein. Sa
die Jacobson, Alfred Komgsteln, Mary
Zane, Florentine Cuda, Rose Zane and
Harry Decke.r.
Mrs. James S. Fennell will be hostess
on Wednesday evening at 330 Frederick
street at an entertainment for the ben
efit of the Girls' Home. This home is
to be established by the Catholic La
dies' Aid Society and the proceeds of
the entertainment will be utilized for
furnishing the Institution.
Miss Emma L. Corcoran and Miss
Mabel H. McKee were hostesses at a
Halloween party on October 29. The
guests wore masks and a very merry
time was had. Those who participated
were: Ernest A. Dunston; Miss Emma
L. Corcoran, William Corcoran, Miss
Mabelle H. McKee, Fred E. LIghtner,
Miss Ada L. Weber, William Nelson,
Miss Bertha LIghtner, Chester Ordway,
Miss Katherine Corcoran, Albert de
Rome, Miss Alice M. Plunkett, Daniel
Wheeler, Miss Gertrude Geach, Miss
Annie Corcoran, Mr. and Mrs. J. -W.
Turner, Mr. and, Mrs. C. E. McLean
and Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Corcoran.
The Girls' Club will, to-night, receive
benefit from the production of George
Ade's comedy drama, "The, County
Chairman," given at the Columbia
Theater. The affair will attract wide
attention both because of the Interest
taken in this charity, and also from
the popularity of the playwright.
This evening is the first of a sale to
be given at Washington Square Hall,
corner Stockton and Union streets, un
der the auspices of the Rector's Aid So
ciety of St. Peter's Church. Fancy and
useful articles will be sold, the pro
ceeds going to the society. The sale
will continue through the days and
evenings until November 10.
A house party that concluded on Hal
loween night was given by Mr. and
Mrs. James M. Eva at the country
place, Evahurst, Fair Oaks. The dec
orations of holly, mistletoe and ever
greens in the house, with Chinese lan
terns scattered about the gardens, gave
a holiday air and made a pretty effect.
Miss Anna McLea sang several con
tralto solos that were very acceptable
along with the other forms of enter
tainment. The guests invited for the
occasion were: Miss Anna McLea, Mis>s
Abrams, Miss Stella Rosenberg, Miss
Elsie Queedens, Miss Anna Shelly, Miss
Aileen Hammersmith, Miss Rosine Ros
enberg, Miss Gertrude Stone, Miss
Grace Van Norden, all of San Fran
cisco; Miss Belle McArthur of Wood
eide; H. Gaughroger. chief officer of the
steamship Doric; Frank Sykes, James
Symons, Thomas Trebell, Joseph Hand-
Ian, Howard Black, Will Wilson, Rob
ert Rue, Dr. Wallace Willet, Robert
Ross and Frank Hicks.
HOME PARTIES.
The pupils of Miss Sadie Mendelson
will give a piano recital on Wednesday
evening.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Day have re
turned from a trip East.
Mrs. J. H. Selleck has taken a flat
at 2530 > Broadway, where she will be
at home to her friends.
Wilfred Elliot has returned to his
home, 1625 Clay street, from a trip to
Santa Cruz.
Mr. H. Lesser and Mrs. Lesser (nee
Gordan), will give a reception at their
home, 162 Sixth street, Oakland, on
Sunday, November 13.
E. Black Ryan, with his family, has
taken apartments at the Occidental
Hotel. They have been spending the
summer at their country home in San
Mateo.
Mrs. Herman Enkle Is residing at
2973 Clay street.
Mrs. F. W. Carter, of Nome, who
is visiting her sister at 3939 Seventeenth
street, will be at home on second and
fourth Thursdays.
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Selig have re
turned from their Eastern trip and are
located at the Marie Antoinette.
Mrs. A. Levlngstone will be at home
on second Thursdays at 623 Haieht
street. She has recently returned from
a trip to Europe.
Mrs. E. Jacob. 1555 Post street, will
receive on second Tuesdays.
Mr. and Mrs. Jesse G. Silversteln of
2715 Sutter street have gone to China
and Japan, where they will remain
for a year or two. They sailed, Oc
tober 31 in the steamship Empress of
India.
Mrs. Charlotte Robinson and her
son, Walter H. Robinson, are expected
home to-day from Southern Califor
nia, where they stopped over since re
turning from the St. Louis Fair.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Parmenter Martin,
who are in New York, are expected
home about December 1.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Pauson an
nounce the marriage of their daugh
ter, Olga, to Emmett E. Oliver on Sep
tember 1.
PERSONALS.
He attracted attention early In the
afternoon when he visited the elephant
house and stood in front of the stalls,
talking in loud tones. His remarks
were apparently addressed to the ani
mals and he continued to talk In
coherently, when a small group gath
ered about him. Turning his atten
tion from the animals to the visitors,
Ely frightened a little girl by trying
to hurl her under the feet of one of
the elephants. The fence in front of
the stalls prevented him from carry
ing out his purpose.
NEW YORK, Nov. 6. — Visitors fled
in terror from the elephant houBe in
the menagerie In Central Park this j
afternoon, when a man named Ely, be
lieved to be insane, battled with six
policemen and the keepers, who over
powered him after he had made an
attempt apparently to hurl a little grirl
under the feet of one of the pachy
derms.
Man Thought to Be Insane Creates
Sensation at Menagerie In
Central .Park.
TRIES TO THROW GIRL
UNDER ELEPHANTS FEET
A wedding will take place at a
downtown restaurant on Sunday even
ing, November 20. The contracting
parties are Miss Emma Cohen, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Cohen of 1447
O'Farrell street, and Charles Levy.
The marriage ceremony of B. Le
vinsky of this city and Miss Becky
Simon of Seattle took place last Sun
day evening, October 30, at 1040 Fol
som street, in the midst of relatives
and friends, the Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy
officiating. The groom is a recent ar
rival from London, England, and is
located in business here. The bride
is a native daughter and has friends
here and In Seattle, many of whom
were present at the wedding. Mr. and
Mrs. Levinsky, after a short tour in
the southern part of the State, will
make their home in this city.
Miss Emma S. Davies and Edward
B. Gilson will be married to-morrow
evening, November 8, at the home of
the bride's parents, 2320 Dwight way,
Berkeley. Miss Davies is well known
for her church work. Mr. Gilson is
connected with the firm of Sonntag
Bros. They will go to Northern
California for a wedding trip and then
live in Berkeley.
WEDDINGS.
Mrs. J. Galinger announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Fannie, to
Edward K. Spotton.
The engagement is announced of
Miss lone B. Pennington and Chester
G. Chipchase. Both are well known.
Miss Pennington being a graduate of
Irving Institute and a- member of the
United Daughters of the Confederacy.
Mr. Chipchase is corfTtected with the
firm of Charles C. Moore & Co. The
wedding has been set for January 4.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Brown eased the. inquirer's appre
hensions about the supply by assuring
him that taking out all the large
acreage that would be reclaimed there
would still remain something like a
million acres of rich tule producing
land yielding a crop every spring.
A few days ago the Chicago man
reappeared jit the San Joaquin booth,
carrying a quantity of soft fiber. It
was the tules after going through the
decorticating process. The fiber looked
like a dark grade of. flax.
"There's many a fortune in these
tules if you have enough of them." he
said. "I can make rope and twine
good enough for most any purpose
from them at a cost below what inanu
facturers of such grades of goods now
pay for their raw ' material. In the
same factory, from these tules could be
made common grades of mattinff. wood
pulp paper of the best quality and
covers for wine bottles. The only
question is, have you enough of the
tules?"
Brown described the tule as best he
could and then remembered that some
of the bottles holding exhibit wine
were incased in tule jackets. He hand
ed one of these to the Chicago man.
who said it contained good fiber. At
his request Brown sent for, some of the
full length tule. It was forwarded by
Fred West of Stockton to the manu
facturer.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
ING, ST. LOUIS. Nov. 6.— A Chicago
manufacturer ' has made a discovery
that may give a market value to the
tules that cover many thousand acres
of unreclaimable land from the southern
end of San Joaquin to the southern
border of Sutter County in California-
He has found that the tule fiber will
make a good quality of rope and twine
and that paper of commercial value
may be manufactured from its pulp.
He may establish a factory as an ex
periment.
The manufacturer in question entered
the San Joaquin County pavilion in
the Palace of Agriculture last July and
asked Colvin Brown, who is in charge
of the exhibit, if he could tell him
something of the nature of the tule
that he had heard so much about as
growing along the rivers in California.
He wanted to know especially whether
it had any of the qualities of the reed
from which the Egyptian papyrus was
made.
BY PAUL. EDWARDS.
Inquirer at the Fair Tests
the Fiber and Finds It
Has the Desired Qualities
The season of spooks and hobgob
lins Is at hand and the merrymaking
in honor of these imps has been fre
quent and full of Jollity. Just a
touch of the mysterious adds en
chantment, while the element of un
certainty, almost timidity, has charm
alike for the small and grown.
But never a halt does cupid call —
his arrows have flown fast and his
quiver is constantly replenished.
Earl Davis entertained at a Hal
loween party on October 28 at his
home, 716 Haight street. Dancing and
games were indulged in by the follow
ing young people: Miss L.xTuttle, Miss
G. Dials. Miss F. Beverly, Miss Z. Stan
ton, Miss V. Manuels, Miss H. Eichler,
Miss I. Bowers, Miss E. Curtin. Miss
M. Seigler, Miss M. Makerin, Albert
Seigler, Aloysius Valentine, Charlea
Seiger, Edgar Harrison, Giles Arthur,
T. V. Mathews, Roy Blake, Everett
Johnson, Edward Abbott, Virgil Haley
and Melvin Haley. >
Miss Tena Austin was given a din
ner on her birthday, November 4, at
the St. Andre by Miss Mamie Snyder.
The rooms were prettily decorated and
there was music throughout the din
ner. The guests were Miss Tena Aus
tin, Miss Flora Austin, Miss Jennie
Ward, Miss Josephine • Carroll, Mr.
Harrold of New York, Jack Bram of
New York, Ralph Hilson, Captain
Brower, G. Martin of Los Angeles,
Miss Snyder and Walter Snyder.
success, was led by Bernard Farrell
and Miss Nettie Anderson, ably as
sisted by Miss A. Eggers and E. Eg
gers, Miss N. Moore, and T. Kruse, Miss
Burns and C. Johnston and Miss H.
Nutman and Mr. Hirtwigsen. Seventy
five couples were present.
Dr. and Mrs. J. M. Quigley enter
tained several musical people on the
evening of October 30 at their home,
701 Clayton street. Vocal composi
tions from the leading operas were
rendered and a very enjoyable even
ing was, passed. Those present were:
Signor Domenlco ; Borghesl, Signor
Peronelli, Signora Adella Argenti,
Sfgnora Paulina Steffani, Mrs. Ben
jamin W. Haubrich Sr., Dr. T. A. Rot
tanzi, Dr. F. Bonino, Dr. G. G. Scapa
rone, Professor F. W. Nish, Joseph
Guedet, Francis Frates, Leonard
Haubrich and Joseph Graves.
FACTOEY MAY BE BUILT
The leading events in clubdom dur
ir.g the week were the annual meeting
of the local Council of Women at
Golden Gate Hall on Saturday and the
gathering of the clans from the San
Francisco district at Palo Alto on the
tome day, when a host of 150 dele
gates, alternates and friends fore
gatliered In the academic town for
the annual comparing of notes.
There was good fun at that conven
tion at Palo Alto— fun that grew from
Rood fellowship and a sincerity of
heart end purpose, each visitor con
scious of the earnestness of the other,
tolerant and attentive and not hyper
critical — the latter the besetting sin
of our well meaning but somewhat un
developed sisterhood. And when the
day conies to us that hypercritlclsm
and intolerance are looked upon as
evidences of bad form and 111 breed
ing — the two axe not to-day synon
ymous — then shall we have reached
our highest development — and heaven
hasten the day!
The same general spirit character
ized the deliberations of the Council
of Women, where in generous spirit
action was deferred in regard to the
eiatues of Callfornlans In the Hall of
I'ame at vrashington. And herein lies
a tale.
Some time ago the Pioneer Women
decided to proceed in the matter of
honoring two sons of California by
placing their silent images in Statu
¦ ry Hall — which, by the way, is often
regarded as not such an imposing
honor, many preferring the populari
ty of Mrs. Jarley*s wax works, but
that's not the question at issue.
-When the Pioneer Women had their
l.ule scheme in full sail, and had a
circular to the Legislature all ready
lor signatures, along came the Native
daughters with apparently authenti
cated proofs of priority. Then came
the patriotic Daughters of California
Pioneers with a third petition on the
eame subject. And behold, good
friends, the Council of Women being
tempted to take up the already well
appropriated issue, but the temptation
died aborning, and the matter was
laid on the table — and wisely.
Here is a worthy movement, an ac
tion recommended to each State by the
Federal Government. It is a token of
appreciation of public service and an
inspiration of good citizenship to grow
ing children, and therefore is it a vital
Issue. Now, good, contesting friends—
J'ioneer Women. Native Daughters. Pio
lieer Daughters and wise Council of
Women — are ye each seeking solely to
Fee California thus honor her sons, and
therein do honor unto herself? If that
l>e your high purpose, ladies, then why
not come together in friendly spirit,
join your forces and your efforts, issue
a Joint petition to the Legislature set
ting forth your desires and ask jointly
lor the appropriation for the statues?
Then will you meet with some meed of
euccess, but should you continue to
Vork along separate lines then you may
count upon failure, for in Legislatures,
as elsewhere in the world, it is the con
certed movement that wins.
Is it not high time that this axiom
were driven home to us Callfornians
and that personal ambitions and preju
dices were submerged in a great public
tnovement?
It is this inability of Californians to
amalgamate that has in times past cost
the State dear. Now, women cf the pe
titioning clubs, let it be your proud
province to set a noble example— the
¦waiving of rights, the Joining of hands
and the welding of your strength to
gether. And thus, hand in hand, in
pure patriotic spirit, will the movement
be carried on to success, without which
your efforts will be but as chaff before
the wind. Then here's to a unity of ef
'ort in behalf of the California statues,
tis in all public movements, and let le
diable deal with the obstructionists!
•¦ : • • •
The local Council of Women elected
the following ticket on Saturday; Presi
dent, Miss Jennie "Watson, from the
Collegiate Alumnae; vice president at
Jarpe. Mrs. John F. Swift, from the
Century Club; first vice president, Mrs.
I. Lowenberr; second vice president,
Mrs. C. Mason Kinne. from the Papyrus
Club; corresponding secretary. Mrs. W.
P. Angelo, from the California Club;
recording secretary. Miss Mary Fair
brother, from the Forty-first District;
business secretary. Mrs. Andrew Da
vis, from th" Jewish Women's Council;
treasurer, Mrs. Sadie Bragg, from the
Contemporary Club.
These women will be called upon to
fire until spring, when a regular elec
tion will aprain be held. This plan Is be
ing- followed "in many of the clubs
vhofc elections have been held In the
fall, thus establishing a unity of elec
tion.
The Channing Auxiliary, Mrs. W. R.
Wheeler president, meets to-day in the
I'.irlors of the First Unitarian Church,
Mrs. Ralph Harrison in charge of the
afternoon.
Mrs. George Oulton. always interest-
Ing, will present a paper on "Fiction
es a Moral Agent."
In these days of complex social con
ditions, the talk cannot but be vastly
entertaining. Miss Elsie Sherman will
render a violin eolo.
• * •
On Monday last the Sorosis Club list
ened to words of wisdom from Pro
fessor Henry Morse Stephens on "The
Government of India as Depicted in
the Works of Kipling." A charming
rpeaker is this came academician — per
•haps the most popular lecturers among:
the Berkeley men.
The Papyrus Club laughs itself into a
most healthy glow. Its atmosphere Is
Impregnated with mirth and good
fellowship, and therein is Its excuse
for existence. It lives to be happy—
the highest philosophy that men can
know. On the 27th a delightful day
was presented, with Madame Caro
Roma, chairman of the entertainment
committee, presiding. A number of
FcincUlating tales were told, and fetch- (
Ingly told— as Jack Peachey, who sang,
¦Rill testify. Besides Mr. Peachey's vo
cal numbers, Miai Eugenie Barker sang
most charmingly. The programme in
full was es follows:
Contralto solos— <a) "O, Swallow Fly
lr.g South" (Foote). (b) "I'm Wearing
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
The Daughters of the American Rev
olution will meet to-morrow at the
home of Mrs. J. W. Hoyt. 8626 Steiner
street, with the programme in charge
of Mrs. John M. Gaw.
To-morrow Is Mills Club day, th«
meeting- to be held, as usual, in the
Sorosls Club rooms. The following pro
gramme will be rendered: Andante and
Scherzo (Mendelssohn), from trio in D
minor. Op. 49; Pasmore Trio — Mary
Pesmore, Dorothy Pasmore, Susan Pas
more; vocal solo, "Hay Making" (Lisa
Lehman). Mrs. Ingeborg Larsen; "The
Poetry of Sheila," Josiah Keep, pro
fessor of science, Mills College; "South
ern Airs" (Arranged by H. B. Pas
more), Pasmore Trio.
Awa 1 " (Foote), Miss Leola Spofford
Stone; accompanist. Miss La villa Bll
grer; personal recollections of awkward
experiences, Miss Agnes Murphy of
London; aria, "Le Cid" (Massenet),
Miss Eugenie Barker, Carl Rosa Opera
Company, London, accompanist, Ma
dame Cora Roma; reading, "Honi solt
QUi mal y pense," Miss Aimee Moore of
Australia; barytone solo, "Slave Song"
(T. del Riego), Jack Peachey.
Thursday, November 10, will be the
next social day, Mrs. A. C. Glrard pre
siding, as the last Thursday falls on
the national Thanksgiving-.
Season of Hobgoblins and
Spooks Is Full of Jollity
WHY CLUBS OUGHT TO STAND
TOGETHER IN PETITION.
Chicagoan Says California
Product Could Be Con
verted Into Eope or Paper
HALLOWEEN DAYS
KEEP CUPID BUSY
TO PROCURE STATUES
WOMEN MUST UNITE
HIT MAKE USE
OF THE TULES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
7
tUULUIwiBSl A LEADING \rlh?l
TWO WEEKS— —
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
HENRY W. SAVAGE Offers
THE COUNTY
CHAIRMAN
Georza Ade's Quaint Comedy Drama
(Not a Musical Comedy),
Presented by a Powerful and Perfectly Bal-
anced Company of San Francisco Favorites.
GRAND S55it
ELECTION BETUB5S WII.I. BE
READ FROM THE STAGE TO-MOK-
BOW ITIQHT.
LAST WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
JANE CORCORAN
Supported by ANDRETV ROBSON In
PRETTY PEGGY
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
THE rATAIi WEDPHTQ
H. "W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT
Oliver Morosco offers HOWARD GOULD. J.
H. GILMOUR and the entire Majestic
Theater Company In
An American Citizen
NIGHT PRICES— 25c to 75c.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
ELECTION RETURNS will be read from
the stage between acts to-morrow night.
•roflHUI m*
SECOND WEEK
Of the rreat Musical Comedy Triumph
THE
MESSENGER BOY
BEGINS MONDAY EVENING. NOV. 7.
A SUPERB SCENIC SENSATION.
A SPLENDID TIVOLI CAST.
Usual Tlvoll Drlces 25c. SOc, 73c
Seats always selling; Only Mat. Saturday.
ALCAZAR 1 ™-?"
General Maaaxer.
AI.Ii THIS WEEX-- ;
MATS. SAT. & SUN.
A. C. Gunter'* Delightful Comedy.
PRINCE -.»,
That mad*
KARL sss '
Election Betarni Tuesday Nlffhtl
Evgs. 25c to 75c. Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 23c to SOc
Mon., Nov. 14. — Clyd* Fitch's Grvat Play.
THE CLimBERS
For the first time In stock.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South CSS.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATS. SAT. & SUN.
Thrilling Melodramatic Succes.
"HER MARRIAGE VOW"
- A startling scenic production that positively
abounds In amazing climaxes! A great story
of railroad life'. A pmty girl and a villain 1 .!
Comedy that sparkles with hilarity 1 . Deepest
pathos !t - }
THE TERRIBLE STRAIN COLLISION !!>.
FIGHT FOR LIFE ON THE PRECIPICE!!!
SPELLBINDING ALL THE WAY!!!
PRICES — Eve.. 10c to 50c. Mats.. 10c. 15c. 25c.
ELECTION RETURNS TUESDAY NIGHT.
Next— WINCHESTER.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
POSTCM CEREAIi.
When Coffee, Tea, Cocoa,
Chocolate, even Milk,
disagree wise people use
POSTUM
FOR A REASON
Oct the llttl* book. "Tfa* Road to
WcllTtllc" in each pk«\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /H? y/f^^^T
Signature of C/iy*yy^7^6^U^i
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
The Bar Association of San Francisco
Recommend for Re-election as SUPERIOR
JUDGES tho - Present Incumbents
¦ Whose Names Are /
JAMES M. SEAWELL
JAMES M. TROTTTT.
FRANK J. MUEASKY -
IBANK H. KEBBIQAJT
' BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ASA GREAT RESTOKATIVE. 1NVIGORA-
"tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tho
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
¦ NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*
328 Market St.. 8. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
Always Remember the FaU£tame
I 'axative jjferomo £%aifi£&9
Cort«*CoIdlnOTioDay # Crlpfa2Day3
|ASTHMANOLA|
, Is the only cure for Kerrons and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Drugrist or at 688 HAIGHT. ST.,
/ San Francisco. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
r— CALIFORNIA-^
Messn. Sdtafer and Cross prMtat
OTIS B. THATER and OERTRUOB
BONTDHIIX
In tho Btantlful Pastoral Comedy-
Drama.
SWEET CLOVER
First Ttm» Hera After Flv« Tears of
Enormous Eastern Success.
For tht Saturday night performance
of this piece the students of Stanford
University have purchased 1600 seats.
ELECTION RETTTRXS TUESDAT
NIGHT.
Next Sunday Matin**— The furiously
funny farce, the bis hit ot last year.
A FRIEXT> OP THE PAMILT. '
The Show of the Season !
John T. Kelly and Company; Twerr*
XTavajo Girls; Can a eld and Carleton:
Wee Jeanie Pletcher; Eeed and Saaw:
Watson, Hntchtars. Edwards and Com-
pany; The BUsses Selmors and Kalley
and Keehan. A~ i
SPECIAL— Election Returns Will B« Read
from the Stase Tuesday Night.
Reirular Matinees Every Wednesday; Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. PtIom — 10c. 25o
and SOc.
PETCHING~BROTHERS
And a Splendid Show Every Aftemooa
and Evening In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MUnATUBE EI.ECTKIC RAH. BO AD.
SEVEN BABY 1JONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEXJR NIOHT THURSDAT. • ¦ »,-
LOOK OUT FOB THE JOHNSTOWN FL001
ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 5o
When Phoning Ask for Tho Chutes."
MISCELXiAN*EOUS A>rCSEMEyTS.
0 HENRT Lt'BELSKI. G«n. Mgr.
Grand Reopeningr To-N*lght! Hlxh-Clasa Vaude-
ville! 10c & 20c! No Higher! Orchestra and Bal-
cony. Two performances at 7:30 and S o'clock.
First Matinee to-morrow at 2:30. Continuous
Matinees Saturday ami Sunday from 2 to ft
o'clock. Greatest Vaudeville Acts In the
world. Newiy Imported Aliwlng Pictures.
*
Pfliarp D0N ' T FAIL T0
i dldtC Me tho beautiful
j COURT Lcmneing
51 fl U room, the EM PI RE
ttUU parlor, th«
r * PALM ROOM, the
Iff/) fill LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA-
D J. 1- DIES' WRITINO
\ Hotels gooM -
ifQv ¦ ¦ a fj #% Ammunition. Hunting and
Sal UlV Sporting Goods. Lar*e«
i 1*9 stock. Lcwe«t prices. P*rvl
1 a 8 Si«5 f° r catalcsru-.
UUlSw HHREVE& BARBER CO..
™ 73© Market st. and 321
Kearny st.
\A/. X. HESS.
Notary Fnhlio and Attorn *y-*t-li*w.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckeis bldg.
Teleobone Main 983.
Residence. 1*00 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pag* SA41.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES,
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PRESH A2TD SAZiT 3CBATS.
I1C ItAYEWX- Cl\ Shipping Butchers. 109
JAS DUltj tt tU. Clay. T*L Mala 12»i.
LEAKY BO OPS ASS 8XYUQKT1.
All kinds repaired. Glob« Sheet .Matal Work*.
1178-1173 Mission st. Phone Main MO.
OXZ.S.
LCBRICATTNO OILS: LEONARD A ELXJ3.
41S Front at.. S. F. Phone Mate 171ft,
PBI3T1NO.
E.C.HBUOES, luatSSTS-iv.
A "^ PRAGERS
"Quality" Is What We Guarantee
in Our Big Grocery and Liquor
Dep't--the Largest in the City
(Fourth Floor)
Specials Monday.
Prompt service, the highest quality goods and money-saving
prices make this department an ideal one. Every article we carry is
v absolutely the most dependable kind.
We have just secured new delivery wagons that will be used cx-
clmively for quick deliveries of purchases made in this department.
Groceries j Liquors
Lennox Soap— Proctor & CA« ri« ? r» t> t> i- vt
,Gambl C 's-S7 bars MJC Claret-Our Pragers Reliable
t> t~ 1 • r- Brand — regularly 50c a "IL^
Butter—Firkin Creamery p^- galIon . special per L $Q0
— sold by the lb — per lb C*CX> v *
Boneless Sardines-^Dandi-OC/» Port or S1 » err y— 7 years old—
colle and Gaudin, 2 tins^DC guaranteed — regularly $1.50
Nabisco Wafcr^AH flavor,; £^£5f^ $1.08
Festino, Champagne and 07^
Ramona — tin uOC Boiled Cider — Bidwell's — none
Pearline— Jas. Pyle'f— i-lb *yU n better— pints 20c. quarts in
packages; 3 pkgs £3C *iUw
Golden Dates— 3 lbs ?Qf» O1 d McBrayer Bourbon— ma-
dk/W> tured in wood — per gal- nr
Jams and Jellies — Tower brand — Ion $3.10 — bottle l3C
home-made-i-lb jars; 1 J- Cherries in Maraschino-Large
rcg. 2 oc; special, per jar 1 JC bott j e; Long , g or D & *
Everything for the Thanks- G'»— per bottle J1C
giving Day Dinner. Hock White Wine^ — For I'C/*
New Mince Meat, Plum Pud- ¦ the dinner table, per gal ftDw
d -{ lg p^f r 5^ tCS '- Anchov ? e 4 ia Brandy-Choice, for plum pad-
oil, Boiled Cider, imported Ram, dings etc> RcguIarly $¦,.-<, a
Bar-Le-Duc, French Marrons in gallon; special, per tral- AC
brandy or syrup. Stuffed Dates, S^2!8oTpe?"ottI« 65C
Jordan Almonds, Nuts, etc
Store 'vJU aiavays reliable of San
in the I y MARKET^dfQNES STS\ Fran-
™ eSt AU the Shopping Inducements that, have CISCO
made this store popular are still here.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER - 7, 1904.
8
. SPIBITaAl-IBM.
INGA THERESE SHAGREN. the best psychic
In the city; I have thousands of testimonials
as to my ability to read the future; call and
1 will give you a trial reading of your life
free. 19 Ewlnc place, on west side of La-
guna st., between Sutter and Post; no sign.
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyant. Office, 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
TEST to-night, lCc: clairvoyant readings. 25c;
horoscopes cast. Mme. Ellersflcken, 142 6th.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium, life read-
er; dr. evgs.. 10c; read, daily.. 836 Mission.
MRS. GORDON, business medium and life
reader. 132 Sixth st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkin.
room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
CABPET BEATING AND OLEA'-TITCr.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning: carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and ruga also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 30S Market st. ;
. phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
. send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1800 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN _ CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st — First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating: works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
8UITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.. r. 4IO;
phone Drumm -44. Call for and deliver free.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections m_d«;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 55SO.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates, $3 ; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors* 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
GOLD fillings. 75c; stiver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
patn; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewttt,204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;fllllngs, 25c
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary it.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins, Mgr, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DKXBSMAKEES AND SEAMSTRESSES,
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
profes.or; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. ATRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gcrson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
A — "Single page method": no text-books; twice
the progress in artlthmetie.bookkeeplng.short-
hand. etc. WESTERN BUS. COL.. 12S1 Mkt.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. nur-
vey, ussay. cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 73S Mission.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863: largest in the West; send
for, circulars.
HIGH School mathematics; coaching by new,
easy methods; evenings and by mall. •• 20
. Hartfcrd st. . .
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tlons, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
- <
A-GALL.\GHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1SS2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— MlETR<DPOLfTAN~Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
PROF. C. HOFFMAN. 11S5 Larkin. gives thor-
ough, successful instruction in piano and vocal.
SPANISH for business, daily lessons, $1 a
week: 4 to 9 p. m. Room 42, Parrott bldg.
KENT Law School: day and night; send for
particulars. 536 Parroft building.
SPANISH, French. etc. Prof. De Fllippe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 Post; cst. 1871; ablest profs.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
mandolin club. SI per month. S2S Halght st.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION : — Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 315 Halght;
¦ individual tnstruc. : all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
> Gate ave., S. F. ; 75-page catalog on request.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
i supplies t-est help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. S39 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 4J£ Stockton:
best help Frit- Tamagaki.mgr. Tel.Bush $59.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Lson Seuig's. 411 ». O'Farr-U; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kind? help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1!K>7. BRADLEY & CO.. R40 Clay.
EMFLO TOEWT WAW-XD~-g EMA ,ItJS.
A SWEDISH waitress with superior references
wants a place a« parlormaid and waitress;
also a capable Danish housemaid, with best
of references from her last place, wants a
situation. Call or address MISS PLUNK-
ETT. 425 Sutter st. . Phone Main 5472.
AN English girl, young, good references, wants
a situation to care for children; town or
country. Address MISS K. PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter st., near Powell. £: _
A GERMAN nurse, with best of city references,
wants a situation to care for Infants, or
children somewhat grown. Call or address
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
RELIABLE woman wishes to. go out by the
day; washing or cleaning; $1 25 and carfare.
Apply 1018 Howard st.
WOMAN would like to do general housework
and cooking in small family: best of refs.;
2 years In last place. 033 Buchanan st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook.- wishes posi-
tion as houpekeeper or cook for men, city or
country. Call 120 O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG woman wishes washing and house-
cleaning by day: wages $1 50 a day. Apply
356 Jessie st, near Fifth.
GIRL wants place to assist In housework and
care' of baby. Call at 600% Minna st
A YOUNG woman wants housework" In city or
country. 324 Mason ' st ;} phone Black 2396.
: MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po*
sition as cook or housework In a small fam-
ily; city or Alameda. Box 4493, Call office.
A FEW more engagements for massaging the
hair and complexion, or In the sick room;
physician's reference. Box. 4487, Call office.
A. RELIABLE woman wishes' work In : the
morning, or would help with invalid and
do mending. MRS. WRIGHT. 207 Eddy st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman with small
child: -permanent place 'as cook In country.
, 570 Harrison at.
E-g-»I.O___E-TT WAIT-TCP — -tala— Coa.
A MARRIED man. aged 44. good health and
habits, rapid and accurate with fls-res. prac-
tical -xecutive ability for in and outdoor du-
ties acquainted with shipping and mercantile
business, can furnish city references from
last employer ind cash security, desires a
situation regardless of location. Bex 4027.
Call office. " -^ ___________
A NORWEGIAN, age 34, sober, reliable and
well recommended, desires a position -•
tally clerk, watchman, or any position of
trust: has experience In lumber trade and
shipping, and 1. a all-around handy man;
a steady position preferred; 6 years la last
place. Box 4444. Call office. .
GENTLEMAN' of good address wishes engage-
ment with firm as traveler or collector; good
references as to character; cash bond if re-
quired. Address J. M, ALVARE3. 731
Ellis st.. city. .
WOULD like position of any kind, where a
knowledge of office work and willingness
to work Is wanted; am 31 years old; have
Eastern references. Box 472J. Call ofSce.
YOUNG man well educated 1 , accurate and re-
liable, with knowledge of bookkeeping an4
business experience, wants position; rerer-
encea. Box 4447. Call.
YOUNG man. good worker, steady, reliable
and temperate; anything wh«re he _eaa ad-
vance; reasonable wages. Box 4714. ca-l
office. Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED raaa wants place: P^at*
family; good all-round raan; «an-ening;
cooking; reference: wages moderate; used to
horses. Box 4715. Call office.
TOTA-fClAXi.
, . . , , — ¦
"_____
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of Income beslness j>r_£
erty under lone guaranteed leaaa; quarterly
Interest. . » < ¦
Send for Proepectaj.
REAIiTY BONDS AND FUf A_«~3 CO. CC*C>
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14U» BU.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE-
Capital paid In 22
Surplus • »40.-OI S«
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certl-tcatM
At car.
Office— No. 14 San-oeoe -trie*,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — To purchase Realty Syndicate cer-
tificates MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-108 Crocker building.
COMPANIES formed; ______ or patents; stocJc
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free-.
Write A. F. HARASZTHT. 823 Crosaley bdg.
PU-.T8 TO LET.
A HOUSES and fiats to let; aa taxmense lire;
service absolutely tree: taka advantage of
this department; It will _av« you ttzne and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-69 Geary
St., en the square.
$40 — FINE, sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath: %
rule rooms and basemant; modern. 142S
Green st.. near Van 'Ness a~«.
LARKIN. 1330, 1936, 1944. near Broad-ray—-
New modern flats. 7 and 8 roos-s; rests re-
duced to $30. $35. $37 5O.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bet-t; Missies
warm belt. 3435 Twentieth ft. bet, Howard
and Capp.
LYON. 501 — Sunny upper corner fiat of «
rooms and bath; reasonable to responsible
party.
CABTRO. 673. near Twentieth — Sonar flat: •
rooms, stable, basement; rent reasonable.
FLAT of three clean, sunny rooms; rent $5.
1S39 Mission St.. near Fourteenth.
FOLSOM, 2078 — Sun all day; ft rooms, bath;
two mantels: suitable young couple: $24.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
NICE clean flat, fl rooms, bath; rent reason-
able. 1911 McAllister St.. near Lycna-
$10— FLAT 6 sunny rooms and bath. 2S87
Twenty- fourth st.
$27 50 — NEW Park flat. 8 stony rooms, oa
car line. 223 Parnassus ave.. near Stanyan.
r__ATg to i-et— yp-_jrr_K-_-P.
PINE. 2786— Handsomely furnished parlor, fiat
S large r.; yard; also 5 r. and 0.; su__i7
bay window; furnished hou-ekeeptnf.
FURNISHED flat: bay-windows: garden; bath:
gas range: laundry. 434 Bartlett at- 3
to 5 j. m.
A 7-ROOM furnished fiat with 3 boarders as-
sured. Box 4732. Call office.
TI.ATS FOB SALE — FTTSSTSHED.
NICELY furnished flat of 6 roome and hath:
all outside, sunny rooms: cheap; parties
going East. 1CS3 Turk st.
FOR sale — New S-room flat; nicely furnished:
a great bargain; owner leaving town. Apply
.49 Bush st.
FURNITURE of B-room flat, complete; cheap;
rent $16. 1714 Harrison st.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale: top fiatt
gas; rent reasonable. 544 Jessie st.
jru-Uirxu->S WAIT TED.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jesste 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office f\*f»
nlture. etc.. until you get' his •stimats.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniturs th\-i
dealers or will sell on commission. I*. K.
BURP, auc. 1636 Market; phons Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 446a
rTiBNITT~--E rO3t SAIiB.
OFFICE furniture for sale, cheap— Contents of
three offices, consisting of typewriting desk.
Remington machine, three- tables, book-
cases, filing cabinet and chairs, al! la us»
less than one year and In first-class c__di-
tlon. Call at 421-423 Montgomery st.
HENRY MATER pays highest prices for fur-
nitnre. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission: teL Bush 313
HEI>P ~~AgTigP-— g_a_AI_S-
GIRIi for housework. 81 Cumberland st., bat.
Nineteenth and Twentieth. -n Guerrero and
Dolores.
WANTED — An experienced business woraaa
and organizer; rood salary.- HOOVER. 1S31
Flllmore st.
WANTED— Neat, competent youngr Gen-_n
girl for cooking and general housework.
Call bet. 1Q and 12. 2059 Green st.
A — OPERATORS en ladles' waists. 656 Mi»-
slcn et. third floor.
A-OPERATORS on ladles' underwear: good
pay. 656 Mission St.. third floor.
Tcnew^CLE^.^^ WUh Pr » tty *^*~Z
PANTS finishers and good sewers with some
I experience 00 pants. 245 Seventh st.
WANTET)— Girl for hou.ework: wages $20 to
$'-5. Apply 18 Chattanooga st.
GI weVfsT anted 4t NatlonaJ Laundry. 411 Shot-
T^i E . >ITI _P amat «»r performers. Apply at
Chutes, g p. m . Wednesday: salary no object!
W _^_!i ED ~ Totln / c woman w ho Is an expert-
SaVs. £¦*:. HAEsr-Bttisgy . b * tween a
°"
GI ence S f ° r £ft lt g **? downs ta'« work: refer-
ences _..n Broadway; agply until noon.
A p H ay >us ic c x E^i R s\r d: «- h — : —»
BU8IITESS C-IAI.O-.S— Contlnne-.
F. A. BROOKBAN-C
BUSINESS A.GENT.
917 Market St.. bet 6th and 6th.
Phone Folsom 1846.
A grocery and bar. located on busy .street;
large stock and good fixtures; Al trade; 3
nice living- rooms; bargain for $S50. See
BROOKBAXK. '
$160 buys. br. bakery, delicacy, grocery and
milk depot; 3 nice furn. rooms: cheap rent;
a bargain. See BROOKBANK. 917 Market.
WE havs a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober, Industrious man who
can Invest $800 and services: he will give In-
teract In business desiring $200 per mo.; ref-
erences exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
J35O— PARTNER tor well paying cigar stand
on Market St.; elegant fixtures; full stock;
money-maker. See BR.OOKBAXK.
______-_-_____-.^
EALOON license — Saloon license. Bee BROOK-
BANK^^
11000 — CIGAR stand; near theater; best loca-
tion north Market; $600 stock, cash register,
machines; big trade; long lease. 1007^. Mkt.
FINE paying drygoods store, with lease; own-
er leaving State; no agents. Box 4481, Call.
$850 — CIGAR store for sale; downtown and
very central. Box 440S. Call. '
PLACE for lease; fitted for a cigar stand;
good location. Box 4006, Call.
MAN and wife want to buy a notion «tort
close to school, Box 4102. CalL
GROCERY and saloon; 645 Valencia, cor.; good
business: selling account of other business.
CIGAR stand; good stock. Inquire 125 Third
st. ¦ ¦
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ItODQUTQ-HOTTSES FOR SAI.E.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market ets. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND
A 37-room house on Ellis et.. only 4 blocks
from Market: fine location; elegantly fur-
nished, right up to date.
A SWELL ENTRANCE. STEAM HEAT.
HOT AND COLD WATER.
Profit $175 monthly; only $1500 cash neces-
sary; cear flrst-cla6s restaurants.
EVERY MODERN CONVENIENCE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
"SUNNY HOME" FOR SALE.
NEAR Post -and Lcavenworth.
Isn't that a fine location?
RENT $4, profit $4 per room; 23 rooms.
Permanent roomers, of course.
PRICE $800 down and $800 on time.
MARION GRIFFIN.
WOULD YOU like to bank $211 monthly?
We offer you such a house.
Price $3200.
YOU WILL. GET
Easy Terms
For quick action.
THE OWNER wants to take
A 6S-room house
That we offer for $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN
Cordially Invites you
¦ To investigate.
A 12-room house
Reduced to $100 cash.
Central; rent $30.
Income over rent, $47.
All -men * roomers. : • .~-
Not a 1st class house,
But it's reliable.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HIGH-CLASS proposition for some enterpris-
ing lady or gentleman of education and re-
finement; new and modern house of 66 rooms;
partially furnished with a fine grade of fur-
niture, draperies and carpetings; rent only
$5 per room with a 5-year lease; price $3600.
MARION GRIFFIN.
SACRIFICE SALE of
the handsomest and moet modern
apartment house of ISO rooms in San
Francisco: new and beautiful fur-
. nlshlngs that cost $16,000; will take
$7000; properly managed will pay
$7600 yearly profit. It is the greatest
bargain ever offered. No cards.
EXCLUSIVELY for sale by
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and MODERN 7-room flat, north of
Market; furnished new in September; rent
$27 50; price $450;, hair mattres.es. ;
NEAT,
NEW.
CLEAN.
See MARION GRIFFIN .
$1450 — 40 ROOMS; house poorly furnished ;
forced sal-; good opening for right
party. MARION GRIFFIN.
$2500 — 50 ROOMS; well furnished apartment
house: corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays 'well.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$2000—38 ROOMS; hotel, clearing $150
monthly: very select boarders; owner
sick; will take small rooming-house in
exchange and time on balance.
* MARION GRIFFIN.
$750—16 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner for 12
years; nice location for roomers or
boarders; north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN.
APARTMENT HOUSE of 4<5 rooms.
NEAR HOTEL GRANADA.
INCOME' $175 monthly over expenses.
PRICE $S0CO; terms easy.
Agent from this office go with buyer.
MARION GRIFFIN.
GREAT SNAP. /
ALL YOU NEED Is $300 cash.
7 blocks 'north of Market street.
Price down to $750. Easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
16-ROOM HOUSE. "
Highly respectable. Near Post and Mason.
Clean and in good order. Rent $75.
Profit $75 monthly. Price $1200.
MARION GRIFFIN, r
200-ROOM HOUSE. :
For exchange for real estate.
Partly furnished. -New and modern.
Ehould clear $1000 monthly properly man-
aged. Price 89500;
MARION. GRIFFIN.
FOR SALE.
36-room house: downtown:flne furnIture.$6000
24 rooms; central; everything- new, $1600;
" . $S0O cash. . , .
30 rooms; downtown;. transient $2600
14 rooms; Butter St.; transient ..$10001
100 rooms; all rented ;• fine furniture, $10,000.
$0000 cash.
80 rooms; corner house;, very swell.... .$3500
Ban Francisco Credit Co., 10 Turk st., 1st fir.
, MITCHEXii & CO... '
1206 Market ' st. -7 >»_KP_3KK Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaran-
teed. MITCHELL & CO..>
OAKLAND house, 22 ¦ rooms; rent • ?60; oak
furniture; lease; always full : good : carpets;
center of town; $300 cash and small monthly
payments secures It. MITCHELL & OO.
1 ROOMING-HOUSE of 10 nicely - furnished
rooms for. sale; always -full; good location.
E94 Geary St.. cor. Laxkin. •--¦-.
ROOMING-HOUSE cheap; no reasonable offer
refuted; lnqulrt Monday,' 10 to 4. 2S2 Turk.]
EBCT^OYB-lIirr WAir---P--gemale_-Coa
A~CAPABLE elderly lady wishes to take
charge of grown children: no < objection to
country; German Instruction if desired. Box
4720, Call
GERMAN governess wishes country position;
thorough musician; experienced teacher;
piano, singing. German and English branches,
literature. Misa Wasmer. . P. O., Fruitvale.
A RELIABLE woman will care for Invalid or
elderly person; is good reader and corre-
spondent; patient and cheerful. Mrs. Smith,
8 Pine place, off Pine st.. near Mason.
EXPERIENCED fitter and designer wants
work by the day In families; rapid worker;
street and house dresses. DL'.N'EAX. box
36. 305 Larkin street. -
A GERMAN girl wants position as nurse for
child 3 years or over; speaks perfect Ger-
man and English; plain sewing; wage. 125.
Box 4443. Call.
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer and
typewriter desires poeltion with some reliable
firm; law work preferred; salary moderate.
Box 4454. Call.
A GERMAN woman wants to do washing,
house-cleaning and Ironing by the day.
Please call 2S0 Harriet st., between Har-
rison and Bryant.
A LADY wants work by the day $1. car fare;
reference If needed; can do housework. Box
4520. Call office. ¦
GOOD Japanese girl wants a position at plain
cooking or housework. K. I.. 180- Btock-
ton st. ¦-
SITUATION wanted by younr colored -roraan
to assist In housework or work by the day.
Call at 16 Stockton place.
F-EFINED young woman wishes situation as
housekeeper, small family, or tend children.
Address 2512 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
RESPECTABLE rtrl wishes general house-
work; small -rash; city or country. 612A
Octavla st.. near McAllister.
DRESSMAKER, first-class references; street
and evening gowns; by the day. Box 4727.
Call office.
A YOUNG clrl wishes a p!ae» to do light
housework and to care for baby. Box 4377,
Call office. v_
ARTISTIC dressmaker would Ilka engagements
by the day, $1 50* dresses altered; perfect
fit guaranteed. Box 4440. Call.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situa-
tion: housework and cooking; wage* 123.
55114 Minna at., near Seventh.
A WOMAN with large family wants washing
or s-wine to take home. 15 Germanla ave.
A LADY .wishes position as housekeeper. Box
4525. Call office.
A JEWISH girl wishes position as cook In
Jewish family. Call 22S Seventh st.
HONEST Japanese girl wants a tltuatlon; plain
cooking and light housework. K. A., 1SO0
Stockton st. • s - "¦¦; ,.
JAPANESE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework and plain cooking In small
family; $5 or $6 a week. 1225 Fulton at.
JAPANESE girl wants position: general house-
work and helping to cook In a small family.
N. H.. 292 O'Farrell st. -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT VAlf-_~ — MAIS.
AA— A FIRST-CLASS painter, paper hanger,
tinter and gralner desires work by the day or
Job; first -class work guaranteed; good work
very- reasonably done. Address 1134 Devlsa-
d*ro st.
AA— A COACHMAN wishes a position; under-
stands gardening, milking; handy with tools;
*ood horseman and driver; best o- references.
Box 4403. Call.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery and bar-
room; good references. W. BOHLING. 417
Kearny Bt.
A MAN wishes situation to care for horses;
understands gardening: good driver, and
handy with tools. H. B.. 613 Montgomery st.
ORGANIST and pianist desires position. Ad-
dress JOSEPH LAUBECK. 241 Oak st.
STRONG young man. 29 years of age. and
wife, with 2-year-old boy. would like steady
employment: man Is good all-round farmer;
wife will do cooklnz and housework. Ad-
dress A. HURYCH. 19»i Moss st.. between
Sixth and Seventh.
A YOUNG man. sober, reliable, caoable. of
good address*, references, wishes position as
traveling salesman; any line except cigars,
liquors. Box 4741. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER ar.d sale-man. 24, -under-tan-*
stenography and typewriting, wants position,
city or countiy; can furnish cash bond. Box
4759. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position in a privats
family or private stable; understands the
care of fine horses: can give best references.
Address box 140?. Call office, Oakland.
A COLORED man wants work as houseman;
cai% do plain cookJng: can drive team: has
references. W. CHOCLATE, IS Seventh St.,
room 19.
A NEAT, willing German, handy In most
anything. good driver, knows city well,
wants immediate employment at living
wages. Box 4441, Call office.
A GARDNER, competent man In all branches,
young and energetic, wishes position In pri-
vate place or otherwise. Box 2202, Call
branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A YOUNG man wants situation as grocery
nian cr grocery and tend bar: 6 years' expe-
rience; wages nr> object. Address box 4433,
Call office.
WANTED — Position or superintendent of saw-
mill; b*st of reference. Address box 4653.
Call office, San Jose.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants position for even-
Ings, Saturday and Sunday. Box 4737, Call.
YOUNG German, steady, honest and Industri-
ous, desires position at anything; best refer-
ences Bex 473$, Call office. r 7.~>
NON-UNION blacksmith with Al recommenda-
tions wants work with responsible parties.
lt'Jfi Russell St.. Berkeley.
MACHINISTS' -helper wants position in a gas
engine machine works to learn the trade; 7
years' shop experience. Box 4519. Call.
GROCERY and bar clerk wants position: 10
years' experience. Address F. E. M.. 967B
Howard »t.
POSITION by man and wife to do Janitor
work in office building, store or lodgerooms:
references if required. Box 4417. Call office.
SITUATION wanted — Estimator, draughtsman:
practical mill man: well up and experienced.
Address box 445s. Call.
RELIABLE man. thoroughly experienced In
wine and liquor business.- cellar and store,
wishes position. H. ENGEL. 3S7 Turk st.
WANTED — A situation as cook; is also a good
baker. 14V. Bernard st.. off Taylor.
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman; references. I. B.. 756 Folsom st.
JAPANESE couple wish positions, man good
cook, wife waiter and housework. In city or
cnun'ry: wages |50 per month. 467 Hayes
st. K. SHOJI.
JAPANESE, young boy. wants a position to do
housework or make beds; has good experi-
ence SUGUKI. Ml Bush St.; phone Black !
50341
AN honest Japanese, first-class cook, wants
position In family; experience. 10 years;
wages $S week; ha* references.' HARRY,
1 Central dace.
A JAPANESE wants to wash dishes every
night.— GUI. 1410 Pine st.. San Franciaco;
phone Hyde 171.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation to do work
as a launrtryman in family, city or coun-
try. NAKA. 1* St. Mary's st,
, JAPANESE, a well-educated youth, wants
any kind of position; can cook well; $5 up.
HENRY K.. 403 DuDont st.
i JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation In a
nice family: waits at table. HARRY
KAOAWA, 316 Kearny st.
JAPANESE man and wife wish positions for
house or garden work in city or country;
references. 6-1 Jessie B t.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as school-
boy. ITO, Japanese Mission. 1304 Post st. :
phone Sutter 4132.
A JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy, or housework. S. FAGAYA. 1303 Polk
St.; tel. Larkin 482.
JAPANESE cook and wife want positions-
wife'to do waiting on table. MIRIKITANl'
465 Jessie «t. !
JAPANESE, honert boy. wants a situation as
a schoolboy. WILLIAM NAITO. 812 Bush.
! A JAPANESE, experienced cook. . wants posi-
tion ;honsework. G. Y.; 20 Lewis place.
A CHINESE cook. would like a position In a
first-class hotel. 1110 Stockton st.
JOHX D. SPm^"Kl^S :J^ J _^P_i___23_
Ad_rt-s~Con-.:r.u::icat!or_: to
JOHN" Mc-CAPGHT. -\K'i ::" :C^BIaa«ger
W. J. MJ-IITI.V KuAncssJilanascT
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
r.ect Ycu With the D^tErta-.ent You Wish.
Publication Office MarUet and Third. S. F.
E<::toriaJ Rsobt-s 2!T to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by Carri-rs. 20 Cts. Per "*v>ek. 75
C:e. P*r Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Terras by Mail, ln.lucir.e Postage (Cash Wltn
Order) :
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 1 year... $8.00
DAILY CALL (inc!u_ Sunday). 6 mos... 4av
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *oc
EUXDAV CALL. 1 Year ;¦•>"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year •• • \ w
FOREIGN f-S&^SS%E&
POSTAGE. l Weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£ax_Fle Cc;:<s will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Stall r-bscrtbexs in ordering change °*±$1
<ress sho'-:_ be particular to give both NEW
A>'D OLD ADDRESS dn order to lrfsur. a
rroi_.jit and correct compliance with their re-
cu«*t
OAKLAND OFFICE:
ICO.- Broadway Telephone Mala 10S3
BER-CELET OFFICE:
K-S Center Street Telephone North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BA_ruXL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STA-CDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentan-. 31
rr.ion Equar*-; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel end HofTrr.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6her__an House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CinCAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOCRGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone, •Central 2G19.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. t-MlTH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
Bl'SINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth: open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street, comer Clay; open until
J»:SO p. m.
T.O0 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
K39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
f:i5 Larkin streft ; open ur.tfl S:SO p. m.
1041 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1<v, Ek-venih street; ojven until 0 p. m.
.fi9»i Valencia Ftreet; op.n until 9 p. m.
Northeast coriifr Churrh and Duncan streets;
open until a i>. m.
2-- iA Fillm.-.rr *trert: until 9 p. m.
MEETI-Tg NOTICES.
J-S-XCTC of OoMfii Gate Com—iandery -_x___
Xo. 16. K. T.. <¦_::. Suiter st.— State. ,nT
Etwmbjy THIS KVEXING at 8 II
o'rlock. Order of Red Ore*. All fra- '^
u-rfc courteously imited. Ry order of
the Com— iar-lcr. •
THEO FROLICH. Reccrder.
6AN FRANCiiSCO Chapter No. I. Royal r_
Aroh Masons, m^ts THIS EVENING.
Busini-ys. I>f-prf*'F r, and 8.
H. d. PRINCE. Secretary.
HERMANN Lndge No. 127. F. and ~K. O
M. — Stated moeti&g THIS DAY <MON- *V_f
DAYi. November 7. 1!><H. at fi:",0 />r\
o'clock i: m. Fy onW of the W. M.
L. S'-HUMAiiiER, Secretary.
KIXG SOI.OMOX-P L'vig- No. 260. F. c
arfl A. M. 1S."3 Flllmore st.— Htated >fV
meeting pni first depre- THIS <MON- /VrV
DAY* EVENING at 7:rtO o'clock. -:*?'
HARRY BAEHR. Fecre'ary.
THE repular~ mo_thlT ""^r^-
meetinp of the Society __f2»*v2-^ 1 »^_^f_k
of '<"*;:: rnfa Pioneers /^3r_fet''J'£_7KRjl_L
ter.'JaTic^ is e_r*'ot*-'3.
J. I. EPEAR. Secretary..
ET. ANDREW'S Society — The annual L *.
election <-f of5r-? hearers ari_ take _*$_?
piart THIS EVENING et the 1
meeting rocrv.f. 117 Larkin s=t. "*__?*
p^Hf. open from 7 to 3 p m.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. President.
J. ELACK. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
pro<~ee« irom J. MrGrath. in. Red Ri-ck mine,
at Homlen-1 r'.at. Sierra County. «'al.. dratn-
Ins into Slate Creek, which reaches Tuba
River, and from Dcu.las S. Cone ar.d
Charles L. Roynoldt;. in Fmith'a B!u* Gravel
mire, near Ono. s'hafta County. Cal.. drain-
ing into J>ru>-!?m Creek, which reaches
Farram«-nti-> River, gi\es notice that a meet-
Ing to receive any pretests will be held at
r-x-m »e. Fl?cd buildinp. San Franci.co.
Ce.1 , Nov. 21. W4. at t :3O p. m.
AGEICTS "WAITVED.
LADY _£p::ts wanted everywhere to sell
Kemp's Euppcsitorle-. .512 Market ft., r. 310
ATTOB-fEYB-AT-1-AW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at J12 and
U no eood; for £2 years I've made divorces
a epecialty; quick; quiet; no nson»y needed:
nc pay ur.leis _!vcrce Is grar.ted; perfectly
reliable; lewest fees; advice free 1 ; collec-
tlcns rr.ade. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Attor_t>v-«i»-L!iw, Exam. bldg..
«th floor: entrance room 611: established 26
year*: all court?, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3G01.
•* A— Divorce; cost* |12;quirk. quiet ;advice free;
all law burine*s; no charg» unless success- '
ful: open evening?. 027 Market Ft-, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs ?12: no fees or
r «" ¦'ix-ance: all law business; office
open gaturday evenings. *10 Market Et..r.33.
ADVICE fre«-; divorce costs $12; qui<-k quiet-
all law bufiness; no charge unless euccesgl
ful; cr-en evening?. 92T Market, room 204
It. P. CLARK. P27 Marker, room 304: consulta-
t!on free: n/> tees in advance; open evenings.
ADOPTION.
A PRETTY baby sir! fcr adoption. Dr F_-ike
fraternity v.l'.a. 3418 Eighth t-t.. Ala'ffle.a
ASTHMA^ CTOI^
r>I A NO^ AS Asth -' a n-medy relie^eTi^sT.mM^
10c. 25c. 50c. 1CC2 Market. St. Nicn-I_» :
e-lso Wl«hart, l*th an . Washington. Oakland.'
ATTTO-IO3IX.es.
WANTED— An automobile in good running or-
ger; reasonable price. Boy 4004. Call office.
I9 2t,i XNH i IT ? tcur!n e car: used flr« months; \
¦ort\l tea cheap Apply _C:8 Laruna St. :
soaediwg roa c_r_xD_i_.ar.
Mrs. M. Ti»i:«ce.n'..hr_r?.r.lT.hu!-rt.Ala.<:-.
, BtrSIBrESSCEAlfCES
FOR. kcJc— Launch business; owing "t^~ 7°~~\ '
McNeil! l»rin~ suddenly rall»_ Kast and" <le-
tasned- Sa.cfinitety. the rstahiished business
launches etc of thi C. A. 'McSeill launch
Co i? of.Tc-d for -ale. I-*or rarticulars in-
quire at i ff.ee. Clay-n. bulkhead.
. F. L. fcKAGCF X.- CO. ,
L*aClng Western Hotel ISrcker*. 2C Mont-
irorcery st., K. F. ; phone James 0301; hotel*
for sale and to lease throughout the West-
hr>ttl2n<-n invited to call.
CALL route for sale; good route Jn Alameda
Apply to this office cr call p.t 1S13 Paclnc
eve.. Alamr-a; take broad Kauge train, jret
off at Grand .*t. etaticn, Alameda; call be- '
fore 12 noon.
FOR ralp or to let — Bakery busing?; doing
5S0 day: will pruarantes big Increase to right
party: rstabllfhed 2.' year*; best of train
Box 2934. Call office.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; ««
hnndie unlirted s«-uritleji: leans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT &. CO.. EKt-Ott t-juare,
BtitTalo.
COMPETENT bu.lr.es* man. \rlth $5000. as
prefidfnt of a good substantial company;
ran ilear $10,000 first year; investigate thli.
_ Box 47-0. Csl!.
~V ANTED— To invest J2000 Jn a corner gro-
cery and bar; place must be worth the
money. Address, with rrlce and location.
box <5ni. Call.
__ BAY SHt»RB REALTY CO.. *
Fbone Mint 29KU. 12tm Market st.
BVS1NBSS A.DVISEUS. '
ItODPINP-HOUBES rOB BASE— Con.
A— CAMERON & CO.,: Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy at, cor. Market: and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomir.g Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
A. ¦ -. ¦ •,
An un-to-date downtown >house: Trent only
$5 60 per room; -" light. and sunny rooms;
eleciHc ils-htp nnd elevator: has 108 rooms.
well furnished throughout; now clearing ><S50
to $450 per month; make offer; owner must
leave city; only with us. .
128 rooms; cheap rent; long: lease;' first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished:
clearing $500 to SCOO per month; must sell
on account of other buslnees; only with us.
Model apartment-house 2 and '3 rooms each;
rent is ch.-aD.- elegantly, furnished: 5-year
lease: there are 90 rooms; every thin* new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
sickness.
Well located house clcse in, with cheap rent:
two years' lease; furniture and carpets In
JNrt-class condition; will -guarante* to clear
,$200 per month now and can be made to.
clear $300; fine business proposition.
T-room_ modern flat; close In; well furnished;
cost $600; a banraln If sold at once; $280.
130 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
Hotifie; elecantly furnished and equipped:
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per month; close In; full of nice people; bar-
S-ln_ If taken at once; dleiolutlon of part-
nership. .
2* rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
HlLT * »ew. modern 82.roora house; rent $375:
ejeotric lights, elevator, corner; everything
up.f-daie; owner will exchange for im-
Proved Property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central: rood fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
to rooms; best downtown commercial house In
?i,' c _* arln * now $300 per month; every-
" lln ? flrst-claes condition: will trade for
Oakland. Alameda cr Berkeley nrooerty or
ranch Ui California; must leave city.
8-room flat; rent only $50: water free; oak
furniture; g-ood carpets; must sell; price $tOO.
What do you think? 31-room apartment-house;
rent only $130; where you can clear $95 pet
month; no work; this you can get for $1100;
wife at hospital.
16 rooms: rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly fur-
nished; close in; full of flrst-class people:
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms in
nne block on Post *t.: full nicest kind of
roomers; new and modern throughout: brings
In nice income: furniture In oak. blrdseye
maple, velvet and axminster carpets; coat
J180O to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain. $1200.
45 rooms, rent only S125; first-class location:
well furnished and' good running order; clear-
Ing now over X2t)0 per month: always full:
best buy in city; account of sickness; price
$1500.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease: downtown; fine. res-pectable,
money making house; part down; balance i
reasonable interest.
34 rooms; cheap rent: thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of . real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchange or trade always on
hand. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. *
LIST of great bargains: from 7 to 200 rooms:
cheap rents. To exchange for a lodging-
house. 377 acres land In Santa Clara County,
also 2 Oakland lots; good-paying country
hotels and roadhouses. Money loaned on
furniture. E1TEL. & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
CALL, investigate why 22-room house is for
sale; money-maker; cheap rent: lease; price
• low; good location. Manila. 737V4 Howard.
SIXTH. SOS— 12 rooms; rent $30; great sacrl-
flce: must sell. .Call -12 to 7. ¦'¦
_JIUIBT07AH-«."
AA— THE FUTURE CAN ~BE TOLD.
FREE FREE FREE
If not -correct. '
His regular $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 . $1. $1 $1
BLANCHARD. .
The eminent
Clairvoyant — Psychic— Mystic.
Tells your full name, what you. called for.
whom and. when you will marry, reads your
entire life from infancy to old age.
He gives advice on business.- love, court-
ship, marriage and tells, of your friends and
enemies: removes evil Influences, reunites
the separated and causes spsedy and happy
marriage to the one ¦ of your choice: cures
disease nnd lost vitality without medicine;
locates mines, burled treasure, old estates,
lost or stolen goods, absent friends.
• HE SEES ALL. TELLS. ALL.
460 GEARY ST.. BETWEEN TATLOR AND
MASON— PRIVATE FLAT.
HOURS— 10 TO 8 P. M.. DAILY AND SUN-
DAY.
RICHARD MAYoT"
O •;> CLAIRVOYANT.
, At a glance, before you- have a chance to ut-
ter one.. word, he tells you what you came for
and what you want to know.
HE TELLS YOU ,
HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS.
Whether your present business investments
will be successful. No matter what may be
your hope, fear or ambition, call on this gifted
man and find relief. His descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though they
stood before you. He tells, you . .everything,
good or bad: you hear the truth and nothing
but the truth. If you are discontented, un-
happy, discouraged, | unsuccessful or In 111
heo.lth, call on Professor Mayo and he will aid
you in life's greatest blessings, health, wealth
and happiness. Satisfaction guaranteed or no
fee accepted. " - r
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONE
DOLLAR.
421A Ellis st. (Private) Flat. Hours 10 a. m.
to • S p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next. Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life corre.tly.
gives an accurate description of th* past, re-
veal* the ' present happenings and portrays
events to occur In'ths future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic", love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed: open Sundays. TeU Black 4569.
MME.' LANGE — Just returned: can give you
advice in your trouble by her genuine Egyp-
tian sympathy, palmistry and spiritualism;
possesses the genuine magical magnetic mir-
ror and crystal' reading, which shows' the
correct picture of future wife or husband:
never fails; convince yourself: readings, 25o
and up; 10 to 8 cm.; also Sundays: cures
diseases by her, strong sympathy.* 46 7th st -
ISMAR, Egyptian Beeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. in.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes- :
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141. I
i ¦ . :
MME. . PORTER, clairvoyant, medium, born ;
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; 1. 60c; g. by cards $1: palm-
istry full life read. $1. 301 Jones, near Eddy.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg, palmist, • clalrvoyant.ccrd
• reader; when others fail try me -.readings 25c.
721 Franklin, nr. <i. G. ave.; tel.Larkin 4297.
ANDROE, the Greek wonder;, never fails: I
wonderful bodylees ' lady in window. 20S :
Ellis st. " ¦
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr.and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, 'business.- etc. ; L. 50c:
G. $1: hours 10 toO; names. 714 Franklin st.
MRS. UURR (formerly .Mme. Anthony), me-
dium and life reader,' 32 Rltch st.; ladies 25c,
,• gentlemen . 60c... :> .. . . _!
A — Mme.'- Ravenna reads. life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. -8 Ellis el. .near Market.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
. er; readings 25c; 2, to 9 p. m.V612 Jessie st
ROSALIND, world renowned spiritual clairvoy-
.. ant, • psychic, palmist. 19 Powell "(The Earl).'
. MISST'.WARD, clairvoyant/ rives names, dates
.and facts. , The Vendom*,: 1184 Market, r. 24.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant.' card- reading, tea
.leaves; 25c up. 61 2% Eddy st: no sign.
MRS. SHAFFER.- clairvoyant, card reader, has ',
returned; sittings dally/ IOS Cth st; rooms 1-2.
MRS., BAUMANN. the well . known fortune^
. teller.* Is now at 81T Ellis st. ' " ¦ - - -
THIS ad and 50c entitles you to -life reading
-..., at tl25 Sixth et. • ' . •¦, / ,,
BPSPTESS CHANCES— COBtlnnod.
____„ ________ ~
FREE.
FREE.
A— $1000; half Interest in old established real
estate office; investigate; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. _6>_ Kearny st
RESTAURANT and cafe cloee to Market and
Powell sts.; lease; place elegantly fitted up
and doing a large business; best das* of
patronage; owner engaged In other busi-
nefs; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE.
20 •_ K eamy st.
A— $600: ROADHOUSE with 7 furnished rooms;
rent $20: 5 years' lease; very best location;
on San Mateo road. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny St.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busl-
nees; location can't be beat; value In sight
See R. G. WILKE, 2«*_ Kearny st.
A— $5500; EALOON; about 1 block from Pbelan
building: r.et rent $125: lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; In-
vestigate at ence; rare chance. R. O.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st •
A— $2600; COFFEE ealoon and restaurant: 1
block from Examiner building: place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars set R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny tt
A— $1550; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce store; I block from Palace Hotel;
dally receipt- from $30 up; horse, wagon;
place clearing $200 per month. See R. O.
WILKE. 26V. Kearny st
A— $300— CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth et, living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26tt Kearny st
A— $1500— Old established commission store,
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death: a very rare chance, as busi-
ness is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny at
j A — $1600; CORNER cigar stand on Ellis st:
lease; a good paying place; location oa. n't b«
beat; owner must leave for N. Y.; a -acri-
flce. See R. G. WILKE. 20 "¦ Kearny st
A— $C500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $00; no nicer fitted
up place this kind In the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V. Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
corner; rent $30: best location; business pay-
Ing well. R. G. WILKE. 26V. Kearny st
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few block-
south of Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
In eight. See R. G. WILKE. 26*. Kearny.
A— $30t); CIGAR etand: rent $30; only 2 block-
from Call building: a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26V. Kearny st
A — $S00; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call R- G. WILKE. 26V4.
Kearny st.
A— $5000; roadhousa and grocery, with 6 acre*
of land; house of 4 rooins, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000: one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26V. Kearny st.
A— $2Cr>0; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with flr-t-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. _t>»_ Kearny st
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city: 39 beds. 50 boarders: fine barroom
with good trade; clow to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26V.
Kesrry et.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery: 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daiy receipts about $20: best location north of
Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 V. Kearny.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
«t.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about S.SCO; a well established and
first -class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26V. Kearny st. .
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— First-class bazaar: located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine plateglass windows;
store fixtures; large stock; long lease: cheap
rent; doing good business, clearing $150 to
$200 per month; trial given: established 17
years; one of best propositions in city; slck-
nr3$: snaji; price $3500.
FOR sale— First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 50 stalls;
rent only $75 per month: well stocked with
hnrses. buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owner-
retiring, cause cf sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Ed'-y st.
FOR sale — St?tlont?ry. school eupplle?. dres-
lininge; well located; cheap rent; doing good
business; .1 living rooms; stock will invoice
more than price as_ed: sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds cf real es-
tate, roominR-hour.es and business chances.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. : cheap rent; horses and wagons, all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
from $.VV> to ??00 per month: trial given if
desired: part do an. CAMERON _ CO.
FOK sale— Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x187 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. -V*
FINE OPPORTUNITIES. ' ' :>
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to rail upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQPITH & CO..
1312 Market st..
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
FOR sale— Several goods business propositions
for Invest. rr. euch as first-class laundry, ice-
cream manufactory, bakeries. furnishing
goods. merchandlFe. country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
rrerous to mention; would be pleased to have
>ou call and inspect our lirt. CAMERON &.
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$300— PARTNER: mutt be honest, sober, re-
liable. See BERG & POPP, 31S Kearny st.
$650 TO $10.000— Saloons that will stand Inves-
tigation. Sve BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny st.
RESTAURANT, also delicatessen stores, at
bargains. See BERG _ POPP, 3IS Kearny.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in mschanlcal
business : light work; fhort hours; no previous
experience required: $15 to $35 a week each.
47 Geary St.. room 2.
$900— RESTAURANT; great bargain: fine loca-
tion; g6od business; party going East; also
lift of ealcons. Eltel & Carroll. 212 Kearny.
FOR sale— Country newspaper and Job office;
ownrr leaving State: a good bargain. Ad-
dress box 14P7. Call office. Oakland.
PARTNER In first-class saloon. Inquire SIEBE
BHOS. & PLAGEMANN. Sacramento and
Eansomc sts.
COALYARD for sale; investigate ; fine location;
doing a good business; owner leaving city.
Address box 1194. Call office, Oakland.
PARTNER— Detective and collection: estab-
lished business; sma!l capital. 1014 Broad-
vay. room 25, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted In the furniture and uphol-
utoring business; capital small. Inquire 1714
Polk tt.
$7000— FOR fal». half interest in' wholesale
anil retail wine and liquor business: fine
bur trade; trial given Box 4471. Call.
THOTO supply store; good locality, city: will
exchanre for Oakland or Berkeley property;
i-venlggg. 7:30 to 3:30. 2531 Mission st. .
Jir.ro CASH or realty syndicate certificate;
cornrr grocery, family liquor store: no op-
position; b**t location. 1C80 Post . st.
WANTED — To buy saloon or grocery and bar;
»-ive price and location: owners only. Box
4761. Call. >
FOR Kale — On account of rlckness. small
I'ranch bakery and delicatessen store. 27JK)
Mlrsion -t. v
HONF-3T man. full charge, cigar stand; $20
week. 1208 Market st; room 5. ,
CANDY store; good - location ; must sell; come
make offer: choice of two. 1427 Market St.
GOOD furniture store; S living rooms; big yard;
brick building; rent $18. 848 Howard st.
SALOON licenses for sale at Washington
Brewery.
FOR sale— $2000, livery stable; across bay; good
stund. 212 Eddy st. downstairs.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco" Cell, for sale. Ap-
ply San • Francisco , Call office.
$116— CORNER riper stand;' fair stock: rent
$5; sood trade; bargain. 1007H Market it
YOU WANTvUsTO BE KNOli TO THOSE _H TO KNOWTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7. 1901.
BERKELEY ADVEST'S^NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATTBJ.
—$3300—
A CHOICE home on Delaware «fc. Berkeley: 9
rooms and bath; lot 40x133; new and modern:
funny exposure: fine view; easy terms oC
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. <_«.)b
1172 Broadway, corner .Fourteentb ml,
Oakland.
NEW house of 6 rooma and basement; han»1r
to university and cars; bul'.t for a home; will
sell house at cost and lot below market val-
ue; terms. A. I* GREEN, owner. 143»
Broadway. Oakland.
$3150 — NEW, modern, 7-room house; 15 min-
utes from North Berkeley station: high
ground: fine view. R. A. BERRY A CO..
Postoffice block. Berkeley.
FBUITVALE ADVEETCTS
FBUXTVAXXI BIAL ESTATE.
OFFICE OPEN STTXDATS.
M. C. OIBSON*. 1328 FRUTTVALE AV_.
NEAR EAST FOURTEENTH ST,
PHONE VALE 230.
OFFICE OPEN EVENING, i IT,
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S'MT9
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
OAStAHD SEAL ESTATB.
NEW house of 8 rooms and basement; handy
to university and cars; built for a home; will
sell house at cost and lot below market value;
terms. A. L. GREEN, owner. 1153 Broad-
way, Oakland.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont:
fine neighborhood: good location: near ear
line: will sell cheap: must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS, 673 3Sth st.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath, high basement, I
block from S. P. and 4 block* from Key
route: lot 55x133. COO Sixty- first st.
IF you want to buy or sell anything tn taa
way of real estate come to 422 Eleventh st..
near. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND PTJRSTISHED HOUSES.
GROVE. 1417 — Beautiful home; 8 rooma and
bath; entirely modern; splendidly fur.; piano;
fine location; adults; call before 3 p. m.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem'ta
BOOMS rOB HOTXSK1IEP— gQ.^^
BRYANT, 444 — Two »unny rooma for house-
keeping; one single for lady.
EDDY, 1796 — Sunny rooms, completely fur-
nished; gas, bath; yard.
FRANKLIN. 151S— Sunny front newly fur.
rooms; housekeeping; bath, phone; $20; ref.
GEARY. 1223 — Nice, large, sunny rooma fop
housekeeping; choice location and excellent
view; very reasonable.
GROVE, 82 — Three unfurnished connecting;
rooms.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant,
sunny housekeeping rooma for two; exclusive;
kitchen; reasonable. ... ¦
HOWARD. 7l9Vi— Sunny furnished rooma for
housekeeping; respectable; no trans.; adults.
HOWARD. S22 — 2 suites housekeeping rooms;
also single; gas and coal stoves.
JESSUS. 323 — One sunny small room for one;
light housekeeping; $1 75 week.
KEARNY. 104 — Three unfurnished rooms; bay-
window front; sunny; $20; adults; references.
KENILWORTH cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny ' itments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 PlnV—
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 1911. near Oreen — Flv»
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms and*
bath; Dhone: fine marine view.
MARKET. 1733 — 2 rooms completely furnished
for housekeeping; rent $12.
MISSION, 561, near Second — Bedroom and)
kitchen, completely furnished for hkpg.
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping, rooms;
running water and bath; $10.
OAK. 117— Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adult*.
ONE unfurnished room for housekeeping, a!io
one partly furnished; must be pleasant,
cheap; give price. Box 4494, Call office. •
PINE. 827, near Powell — 3 sunny furnished,
housekeeping rooms; gas range; rent reas.
PINE. 023 — 2 newly furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.
POLK. 536, cor. McAllister — Large sunny
front room and small cooking place; light
housekeeping; call after 3 p. m.
POST 003 — Lar**, convenient housekeeping
.room: gas range; $» SO.
SACRAMENTO, 1490— Large sunr.y furnij^l
front housekeeping suites. $15-$23 month;
running water. . ________
SANCHEZ. 500, near Eighteenth— Large, sun-
ny bty-wlmlow sitting-room, alcove bedroom,
kltch'.n; reasonable,
SCOTT, SCO, NE. Page^ — 2 extra sunny room*,
newly furnished for houaekpg: reasonable.
SECOND. 231 — Two sunny corner, front houM-
keeping rooms, single or connected, with coal
stove and -as stove.
TAYLOR. 911— Furnlsh-d suite, gas range.
$12; 2 attic rooms, gas range. $9; 1 room, $4.
WALLER. 71— A gunny suite of rooms in new
home, furn. complete. $16; phone Page 73.U.
APABT-CEOT? H0TX3E3.
ST. LOUIS 1375 Jackson— Marine -lew; 3-4-i
rocms: furn. or unfur. : rets Tel. Eart 1330
BOOMS TO LET — Turn. aaA TTafnTB.
ATKINS cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building: all sunny rooms: hot and cold
wator: electric lights; only first-class hou*»
in locality; rooms $t 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.)— Room*. 23c. 5Oc. $1. $1 50 night:
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BEAVER, 12 — Furnished rooms, single or rn
suite: one block from Castro-st. car. •
BRYANT. 51S — * unfurnished- rooms; sunny;
rear; arid yard; rent $!>•
BELMOND house: over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrta
lights- running water in every room; 20O
room»: 25c to BOo per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 1233 — Rooms for one or two: prtvata
family; bath.
EDDY. 110 (The" Launston) — Newly furnished
rooms; best transient house in city: 50c, $1.
EDDY 432— Nicely furnished, rooma. with all
conveniences: choice location; reancnabie.
ELLIS. 1 43ft— Choice cozy corner rooms, with
or without board; reasonable. ¦
GOLDEN OATE ave.. 9S9 — Unfurnished rooms:
large alcove front room facing Jefferson
Park; bay window.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1033^ — Nice sunny rooma
to ,le t; near Jefferson Park. '___
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooma &o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON*. 403. cor. Fremont— House newly
furnished: nice, sunny rooms; housekeeping
rooms: electric light and gas.
HOWARD. 715— Large »unny rooms at tow
rates: 23c to <1 day and SI 35 to $3 week.
LAGUNA 910— Handsome parlor suite for
couple or 2 or 3 gentlemen; furn. oe unfurn.
Continued on Pa^ Ten.
THE WANTS USE w£ NT ADVERTISEMENT IN THE CALL
HELP WATOP-nMALI^CT^
A. WOMAN or girl for Arizona; must assist
vlth children and make herself generally
¦useful; party to be esen In San Francisco.
Call after » Monday at MISS PLUNKETT'S.
420 Butter Et.. near Powell.
A COOK for a small family, in city. $35; must
iit-s:st with rla-:n washing.
A nuree with seme little experience for an
institution. $-J5.
A cook and second g-.rl for private family
t», i;«-n»ci&. $30 and f20.
M1£S PLL'NKETT. 425 Sutter «.. nr. Powell.
A GERMAN prl to assist In the care of trowtj
children. ISO; also a French nurse who «n-
uerettnds the care of children, $30.
A capable young Cathcllc woman to care
for children, $30.
A waitress for a restaurant city. $7 week.
A waUreea for a coir.merrlaJ hctel in coun-
try. t-Zi. board and room.
A Proteetart second girl for San Joce, $30;
a young, strong second girl for Oakland, $25,
'** lady henr Monday.
MISi PLL'NKETT, 425 Sutter at, nr. Powell.
A-WANTED — Girls to '.earn halrdreaslng,
m&nicuring:, etc.; trade taucbt from A to Z
in 2* weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
S-u&ranteed tt $10 per week up: leading
school in West. 7$3 Geary ft., room 18.
WAXTED — Girls to leaxn millinery now for
'ail season; both reasons taught from start
to r.r.ifh in cne mcr.th for $5; positions as
trUajsers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled lm-
tr-edlately. Parlors 143 fctockton st.. r. IS.
A — PACIFIC College teachee halrdresrtng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a flay; guarantee positions; only
r- ¦' tr.:tei college of its kind on coast; day
end evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duot-fl price*. 1S8 Powell at.
LADIES, we win teach barber trade free to 6
more ladies and pay them $10 each for first 8
weeks; call or wrlle. JNO. A. MOLER'S
Barber College (correct nusiber), 644 Clay st.
WANTED — Ladies to learn barber trade; only
fr weeks required; halrdressisg and manicur-
ing taught in four weeks. MOLER BAR-
BER COLLEGE. 648 Sacramento at.
»,_____
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 1103 Market
street.
LAPn:S for rteady home cent: $9 to
$12 weekJy. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket at., rooen ei8.
UFUUTOR6 — Ftrst-claa* operators on coats,
etc. CLABROUGH. GOLCHER A CO.. 24
Second «t.
HCIiP WABTTED — MALE.
PERRY*S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
$06 Market st.. room 825, fifth floor.
OfSce hour*. 9 a. rn. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $18 to $25 week
Stenographer $15 week
Mtnager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk .»...$12 week
«>.ecker $15 week
Timekeepers $15 week
Collector $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Floor manager *l£ week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office work $15 week
Bank clerk (bond required) J25 week
Your-g man. learn dentistry $10 week
S06 Market St.. room 325, fifth floor.
(Oorn Sunday 10 to 12 )
AT HORD A SMITH' S.
Contractor*' Agent*. 95 Third st.
¦
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
BIG COMPANY. !
$3 50
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
Carpenter, city, ?'i 80.
Teaireter. bay ehore. $2.
EEOQND betWr. $40 and found; 3 brick wheel-'
«rs. $2 25 day; solicitor-; old man to care
for place; milker and wife, $50 and found:
chopper for mine, $2 f>0 day. and ethers. J.
F. CKOSETT &. CO.. €2S Sacramento et.
ANDRE'S efflce, 317 Stockton *t. — 2 second
ijutlirs with references, $30 to $40; man for
private place. $.15; utility man f"r hotel, $20
fcr.d fcuad; dishwasher. $25. and others.
A SECOND butler for a rood, rteady place in
; <:!?y. $40; r^f»Teacee. Call Monday at MISS
PLUNK ETTS. 425 Putter »t.. near Powell.
HTLP WAITTXP— MAI.E— Contlnnecl.
A— MURRAY & READY.634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main 6S48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
C0.000 Men Work. Increase 60.000.
Coal Miners. Free Fare. Coal Miners.
Oregon State. Oregon. State Oregon.
10
Coal miners for a good mine; big wages.
Ship to-day. Fare refunded. Ship to-day.
WASHINGTON.
25
Coal miners for State of Washington, $3 to
$3 75.
GOLD AND COPPER MINES. SILVER
MINES. MINES.
6 hand miners, rood quartz mines, $82 50.
4 miners, gold mine. $90.
CONCENTRATOR MAN.
Concentrator man, good gold mine, $75.
U. S.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA. STATE NEVADA.
$1 FEE. SHIP TO-DAY. $1 FEE.
20 teamsters, 2 enC 4 horses, $75.
20 laborers, no experience needed. $75.
SPECIAL!
NEW WORK.
15 teamatera for new work in center of mln-
ing dutrict J80; fare $1 00; ship to-night
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
MISCELLANEOUS.
MECHANICAL.
5 hardwood carpenters. $3 75 day; 4 carpen-
ters. $3 50 day; blacksmith, country. $60 and
found; S bench hands. $90; machine hand.
planing mill. $3 50.
HOTEL HELP.
6 cooks, 4 waiters. 7 kitchen hands and dish-
washers, butchers, bakers.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
27 farm hands; 6 milkers; 9 choremen; 7
choreboys, city and country.
6 stablemen.
FOR A BIG RANCH.
10 plow teamsters, good ranch, all winter's
job, $40 and found.
SPECIALS.
Farmer and wife. Email ranch, $40 and fd.
Harnees-maker. ranch, fare $1 30, $40 and
found; carpenter, finisher, city, $4 day;
tailor, country shop; 4 young: men, factory,
city; bookkeeper and stenographer, country;
butcher, country shop; camp cook. 20 men,
near city, $35 and found; working foreman.
ranch, south, $35 to $40 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and C38 Clay st.
SPECIAL— NEW WORK.
FOREMEN.
Foreman, carpenter, to run gang of 15 mep
on concrete form work, see boss here.
WALKING BOSS.
Walking boss for construction gang, $65 fd.
THESE ARE GOOD.
Assistant nurse, country institution, $30 fd.
Wardmaster. country place. $30 and found.
3 carpenters. Santa Cruz County, good Jobs,
$3 50 day
3 experienced foundry helpers, city Job.
MINERS.
4 miners gold mine, Nevada, 8 hours, $3 50
to $4.
2 miners, run tunnel, fare 25c, $2 50 day.
Carpenter, ranch, fare $1, $40 and found.
Camp cook, near city. $.'0 to $00 and found.
Farmer and wife. Marin County, see boss
here, $r>0 and found.
Milker and wife, near city. $50 and found.
Butcher, country shop, $.'50 and found.
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
CARPENTERS-^-CARPENTERS.
10 carpenters for a large company, 75c fare,
$»0.
5 single hand miners. Nevada. $90.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay^ st
MEN— The original JNO. A. MOLER has
opened one of his famous barber colleges at
044 Clay st.; trade taught in 8 weeks; tuition
tarred while learning: constant practice; ex-
pert instructions ; positions guaranteed. Call
or write (correct number) 644 Clay Kt.
NATIVE SONS, ATTENTION— WE WANT
IMMEDIATELY HIGH-GRADE SALES-
MEN TO WORK; CITY TRADE: NO
OTHERS NEED APPLY. CALL ROOM
225. PARROTT BUILDING.
FOR rale — Well located barber shop; good
transient trade. Box 4881, Call.
COATMAKER and pants and vest makers for
country. REIES BROS. A CO., 24 Butter St.
MESSENGER boy about" 14 in office. Apply
room 4, 320 California st
uj\ rmi^r.n, ineir.Ders or i»cai 1*S, take no-
tice^ — Mating of the greatest importance to
you THIS < MONDAY) EVENING, Nov. 8.
Dollar fine fer rjon-aturmiance.
JOSEPH R. HLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED — 1 or 2 men to learn a good trade;
fteady work; paid while learning; must have
i_T. security. Cail at 618 Merchant St., bet.
Kt-arr.y ard Montgomery.
WANTED— A first -c!ass coatmaker to work in
the inside; cteady work and good pay at 311
Fifth St.; call at once.
$5<X) — STEADY man for partner in A No. 1
business; large profits: easy to learn. In-
vosti-ate at 1X3 Fourth st.. barber ehop.
WANTED— A young men to keep Sn good form
by chewing CHICLETS.
-
TVA2CTED — A dlshwaaher at 52 Eighth at.
EXPERIENCED apprentice cm first-class cus-
tom ccats; good wages. &14 Turk at
WANTED — Agents en premium book*; salary
. and comaiisilon. 1523 Mission et.
nfTCHER, mine compejiy, chop, $40 found.
625 Wash 1 net on at.
V.'ANTEIJ — Carriage trimmer; also boy to
ieara harness trade. 718 Folsom rt.
r"GR eale. at sacrifice. 4-chalr, 10c barber fhop;
rood location; laundry office. 527 Bacraniento.
HARBER *hop for sale: 2 chairs; 3 living-
rooms; cheap rent. Inquire llS&ty Folsom.
CAREER fhop for eaJ»; 3 chairs; good furni-
ture; cheap rent. 262 O'Farrell rt.
V.-ANTED— Coy from 16 ty 18 ••ears of age
M leern the dry goods busii*»»«. Apply be-
l»wn W and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 9 end 11 a. m. at HALE
UKOS.'
"I:n and wenjen to learn the barber trade;
It won't ccst you ore pent: we teach you
fr*e at HAIGHTS BARBER SCHOOL, fill
''on-.merclal st.
v,E w«ru a married rr.an. not over 28. to
travel; with ether qualifications he must
r. either «mcke nor drink; salary and ex-
X*vs**. Box 4470, Call orflce.
fi^i-PAREKR ehop for sale: 2 chairs: cen-
trally located In • a pooular resort t;n the
coa*t. Address J. GOETZ. Pacific . Grove,
Monterey Co.. Cal.
WANTI7D — Men and women to prepare for
Governn-.ent positions. App'y for free cata-
1<-*-u«? givtr.r particulars. Pacific Correspond-
»sc* Institute. Grant blig., 1095 Market st.
WANTED— Laborer* and mechanics to know
thtt Ed Uolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
E'J'led 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third tt.; 2'0 rooms; 23= to 50c per night.
WANTEJ* — Young man as working bookkeep-
er la ogrpenter ehop. 3373 Eighteenth st..
r.*ar Mlation.
T.-OOO .-srvsr* to study modeling. BIGGS-
THANEL :NKT.. J et. ani 47th ave.: Mon-
day, Wednesday and Friday evenings.
HONEST n;an full charge clrar stand, $20
«<eJc. Apply 10 to 12 and 1 to 2, Sunday,
il'i*; Market «t., room S.
•''' -Ton sal* 1 ; snap; 2-chaIr barber «hop;
< '.'it* location; rocd busings*: sicknens cause
"":i!:^t. et-,- Coleman. MM} Mutual Bank bldg.
TWO good, experienced solicitors, city or coun- |
"••>•; r«-w goods; very liberal terms. Apply
a room 721 Ftarr King bldg., 121 Geary »t. |
WANTED— Pcl;oclbr>y to carry morning paper
north Market rt.. east Powtll; no Sunday
_*ork. App:y 1225 Mission et.
Men to fill SSO roams at 20c per
night; clothe elceeta. hair mattress; electric
!; Cfct In every room. <581 Howard rt.
F - T. Bartwr College. 741 Howard St., want» all
yi'-ir.tr men to know that It has the finest
__^<ju:r;*d echocl west of St Louis; red, rate*.
GET jour 6ho«s~ha:f-»<>!ed while waiting; 25c
to fiOc. LCZ M talon Bt.. bet. 1st and 2d ats..
w 11 Third et.. Examiner building.
TRY cur ir.fn'i «hoes. union made; $1 and $1 CO
r*lr : foot-form ihoee. »2 60: we pay expre«s
rr.fcrre*. 11 3<j St.. Exam.bld. ;open till 9 p.m.
DBCO clerk for relief work; forenoon only;
_Jg*«» w;q:e«. Box 4S2». Call office.
FIRST-OUAES Jewelry engraver wanted;
steady pos:tion. Call 906 Market »t
'¦OATMAKER wanted; rteady work. 305«
Twfr.ty-fourth «t.
' 'XE man to learn the barber trade, absolutely
?'••*• of ckerre. 761 Mission et.
¦ ¦-.':• 'icj< chop for eale on Market st; rood
chop. Apply Call office.
MEN to learn the detective, profession. 937
Market sv, room 104.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parU ol
toe world at HERMAN'S. 20 Stetxart a*.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st., where shoes are re-
paired by machlrery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ehlps. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 323 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION atty.. E.A.Bullis. r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel.. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's ehoes, slightly damaged, half
Price. 6C3 Mission gt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
j HOKSES AND WAQOgS.
A — 30 HEAD of work and driving horses, 8
larce mares, 1 fast pacer, 2 saddle horses,
harness, wagons and buggies; must be sold;
will exchange. Corner Fifteenth and Shot-
well sts., near Folsom.
TEAM of Jet black horses, 17 hands, S years
old, weight 1 250 apiece, price $700; broken
single or double: sound and true: JOHN DA-
VILLA. Jones ave.. Elmhurst, Cal.
A VERY handsome driving mar*, bicycle tire
buggy, harness, all in first-class order; this
must be seen to be apreclated. Apply to
owner, 164 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Milk wagon; 2 business buggies,
new; clngle express wagon; 2 fruit wagons;
butcher wagon; 2 delivery wagons, almoat
new; cheu>. 1210 Pierce et.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, 8. F.
COBBLE-EORE, footsore horses for soft re-
claimed- river lands; fair prices paid; must
be sound. Box 4488. Call; tel. Main 767.
A SACRIFICE; rubber tire open hack; good
condition: new harness. HARRY WELLER,
12WJ Market at.
AUCTION sale 70 horses, Thursday, November
10, 11 a. m., 220 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Fine new business buggy; also solid
tcp delivery wagon; cheap. 623 Fulton Bt.
FOR sale — Freeh family cow; gentle. 3915 Fol-
%um st.. near Cortland ave. ' -"'¦-;<
FOR sale 0 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st. . ..;.¦*¦•-¦'
WANTED — A good team of horses. Bdx 4503,
Call office.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harnees
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth at.
WAGONETTES, eurreys, buggies, wagons, har-
nesw. work A driving hori»e«. 15tn- Valencia.
' HOUSES TO LET.
PRINTED list of house* to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A- CO., 20 Montgomery. 1
FOR rent — To party buying carpets and M>me
furniture, pleasant 7-room house, bath; con-
venient.^
yo let Rear house of 4 rooms; 1332 Larkin.
Apply 3S5O Larkin st. .
gQTJSES TO JOET— PUBNISHEP.
PACIFIC ave.. 1905 — Handsomely furnished
hour e complete for housekeeping; furnace
and all modern conveniences; splendid
nei ghborbood. Apply on premises.
X NICELY furnished 8-room house: sunny
corner ; piano. 12 to 4. 1308 Laguna at.
HOWARD. 2130, near Eighteenth— 8 room*,
bath, etc.; well furnished; rent low. (
HOUSE of seven rooma, well furnished. 1183
Oak et; rent $45. _^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
HOTJSES PUBNIS—EP— POB BALE.
IB-ROOM house for «ale cheap account of
slcknees. Apply 815 Geary st.
BOUSES WANTED— FURNISHED. "
WANTED— Furnished house or flat of 6 rooms.
Address, with full particulars, box 4103. Call.
HOUSE-CXEANTNQ OPPICES.
JAPANESE housecleaning company and ahoe-
maJcer. 618 Gough Bt.: phone Howard 3583.
COTTAGES TO I»ET. ,
irrvE-ROOM cottage to let; rent $18. Inquire
Elisabeth, bet Drummond and Douglass.
ImOBT AOT> POTJND.
LOST — Pure white bull terrior bitch; 10
months; black collar, ' brass trimmings,
buckle lock; liberal reward. Return to
GEORGE WALTON, 43 Eddy St., cor. Ma-
eon.
LOST— Diamond locket, In children's play-
ground; initials J. B. S. Liberal reward re-
turn room 315. Golden West Hotel.
LOST — Marquise ring." rubies surrounded by
diamonds. Return 1765 Pine at. ; reward $20.
$5 reward— Male Llewellyn setter: square-
shaped black left shoulder. 185 Ban Carlos ave. '
FOUND— That everybody llket CHICLETS
who likes Creme de Menthe.
tUHTNCHEB POB EIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
MACEINEBT — Boufffct, Sold.JSxchantred.
WANTED— Second-hand swing eaw and
planer. JOHN T. GRAHAM. NW. cor. Pre-
cita ave. and Alabama st
MATTBESSES AND PIXIiOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
proc«*s); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard at.; phone South 216.
MEDICAI..
IF there is any woman who Is euffering from
any of the ailments peculiar to her sex I can
effer her immediate relief. I have devoted
my entire life to this work. I NEVER
FAIL. I ask fair fees, and I GUARANTEE
results in each caee. If you have been dis-
appointed come to me. Perfect satisfaction
is then insured. I am the oldest graduate
specialist in the city giving attention exclu-
sively to ladles' troubles.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide in me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
rhysician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office, 805 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male t-oubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st, opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, well known ladies' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; 25 years'
experience in female complaints without a
failure; no operation, no drugs; when others
fall se« the doctor and -be content. Maternl-
¦ ty Home, 412 Taylor «t, near Geary.
LADIF.S suffering from irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Ole-ason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
MINES AND MININO. _
FINE opportunity to party who will furnish
$1500; gilt-edge mining property. 4784. CalL
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO, Crossley bldg.
MISCELLANEOUS— POB SALE.
1 40 H. P. firebox boiler; complete; new.
1 Worthington compound pump, 500 gal. mln.
1 Worthlngton pump. Cx4xC.
1 Worthington oil plant; complete.
1 dishwashing machine: complete.
1 10 H. P. G. E. motor; new.
1 Lane planer. 27x12.
1 30-ln. extractor.
1 20-in. extractor.
1 15 H. P. engine; complete.
, 1 lot of laundry machinery.
WM. SPECK, 421 Market st., room 37.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, Ehafting. etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH- & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fix-
tures; cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-
COLLENDER. 652 Mission st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for eale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
BEAUTIFUL male Et. Bernard dog, 2^ years
old; full pedigree, registered; won 1st prize
in show at Denver, Colo. P. MURRAY,
625 Harrison et.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
PIANO, good, sweet-toned upright, $60; no fair
offer refused. Address, or call during day-
time, MAJOR REID, 273 Natoma st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12, upstairs. ,
FOR sale — 13x19 Gordon press; in good con-
dition. 635 Merchant St. ;'fA'.:A>:
$450— SEALSKIN coat; will sell reasonable.
8TEIN, 1054 Howard st.
THOROUGHBRED dachshund pups. ' 6 Jurl
st., off San Jose ave., near Guerrero st, .
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter pupi; 1114
Vermont «t.
32-FOOT yacht; must be sold; cheap. Box
4455, Call.
8TOVES disconnected and connected, $2 50;
plbing. gas fltg. 409 McAllister; tel. Mint 3050
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 623 Market st.
Wallpaper. 8%c; paint. $l'gal. ; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan.1302 Web»ter;tel.8telner 3671.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market St.
BARGAINS in 2d-hand cash registers, includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN &. TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring, $50: ¦ terms $5 per
, month. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third :tel. Main 413.
DF.SKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.,
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
GASOLINR engines, automobiles and launches;
all ylzes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCE1LASEOP8 WAST8.
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good second hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom. 8522.
AAA A A — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothiug.Tel Davis 825, 660 Sacramento st.
1 DIAMONDS and precious'^ stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405, Ad-
ams bids;., 200 Kearny st ; phone Black 3036.
SECOND hand upright piano In good order;
no dealers: state price. Box 4480, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 3916.
Levy & Rsdler. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington.
AFEW G^NmNE^UP^TollT^A^G^INSn'.
Musiard— Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling— Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order. . '¦
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell at.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes et .
INVESTIGATE our new rent or purchase plan;
$2 60 per month up. 237 Geary st
KUSICAZ> IZTSTBTTMEZTTS — Continued.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st. , .
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG, 218 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary sL
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. * BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlngcr. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
MONET TO LOAN.
~ Manhattan ""loan »TOMPANY«(inc>-f
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5V4 AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
• tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased. • -
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Bulte 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-C02-U03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
• . i Save expenses by • dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies. life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
, 1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
: . ' • or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any cne; confidential arfd ccurteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bid.
1 A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamond;, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
906 Market; tel. Mala 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 553> Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton St.,
near Market.
A-THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., it
2 per cent per month.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market St.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
PRIVATE — Money leaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels: no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2tJ Montgomery st.. rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security;. on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. 3.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan &
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg; phone Main 3214.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
¦• us. Hutton Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY, loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
BTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 ¦ Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos* $15 up; no removal;
noconv V.TREMAIN.roomSl, 6 -Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner budding.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
¦1H rare*. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per vear.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market et.. bet. Cth and 7th, particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM.'"" herb doctor,
.treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary «t., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR8
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
•treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter.
PAPEBHANGINO, PAINTING, ETC.
First-class work, reasonable prices. J. C. RO-
MAINE. 1067 McAllister St.; tel. Fell 2403.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 532 Market st.
. PERSONALS.
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tinge, bagginess of eyes or any blemish of
the face, Mme. Glllingham invites you to
' call and Investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other In this
city: demonstrator can be seen daily. 143
Stockton St.; write for booklet.
M. ELLA HARRIS. French liquid powder;
gives face, neck and arms the exquisite del-
icate tint and • texture of alabaster; a great
favorite with actresses; will not rub off; send
only $1 and test it (pr yourself. M. Ella Har-
ris, chemist and skin specialist, 128 Geary st.
THE Btar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'.halrdressers': ac-
cept no substltute.Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 80c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BRQWN. 40. Turk st.. 8. F.
INFORMATION wanted as to whereabouts of
SAMUEL DUPRE. palmist; sometimes works
at barber trade. Kindly inform Madame
Clarvoina, 727^4, K 6t., Sacramento, Cal.
ADVERTISING WORLD, Columbus, Ohio a
1 monthly Journal of infprmatlon, plane, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising. Send to-
• day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and troueers at CHARLES LYONS" London
Tailor. 721 Market st. "
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near Powell
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY estab.
1899. 2122 Fillmore , st. ; phone Geary 2053.
GOLDEN GATE, 300, corner— Laundry, bar-
ber ehop, cigars, tobaccos, newspapers, suits
cleaned. ,
WHEN automobile riding, chew a CHICLET.
Electrolysis massage parlors, 319-320 Starr
King bldg., 121 Geary st. Mrs. Holshouser.-
Expert furniture repalring.pollshing; upholster-
ing; carp.lay'g. Towey's,370Fell.PhonePagel45S.
' H. ANDERSON. 26 O'Farrell st.— Theatrical,
masquerade . and carnival costumer.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St.. be.
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.'.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market St.
ELEGANT sult« to order, extra pants or fancy !
veets, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery it
ONE dollar, weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Geary,r.3Si
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
.' Misfit. Clothing Parlor, cor.Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE : costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian , Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color.;?l'at all druggists'.
"R— E— X— R— A— D— I— O* S* '
B-U-L- L-E-T-I-N. __.
PUBLIC "FREE HEALING" before audience
, TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. (Office hours 2 to 7.)
RADIUM HALL, 7S3V4 Market ahd 1 Fourth
(corner Market and Fourth). '
"NON-MEDICAL" humanized Rad.um p*ower Is
(solely) used In Rexradio's treatments; no
medlcjne, no medical instruments used.
"NAMES" and testimonials of patients al-
luded to BELOW shown at offices^
"DEAF MUTES"— Several recently made to
hear and SPEAK what' they heard. Numer-
ous witnesses, one being Mr. Butler, well-
known S. F. CHRONICLE representative
"TOTAL DEAFNESS" Rexradio finds . to be
a mere BAGATELLE; nearly every case
"begins" to hear "whispered" words after
3 eeconds* treatment. (Deaf mutes the same.)
"OSSIFIED" LADY, Mrs. Knowles, 379 Bart-
lett by (one) treatment had her locked AN-
CHYLOSED Joints made freely "movable
several weeks ago; no "relapse," but still
further progress to date.
"BLINDNESS" seemed Imminent: within 3
days Rexradio restored good sltht.
"LEAPING" CRIPPLE! paralysis; dragged
foot, limb .nearly "powerless"; 10 seconds'
treatment and I LEAPED before audience."
"LONG DISTANCE" HEARING. My ear' to-
tally deaf from childhood: by 1 treatment
heard (whisper) at 70 feet." . "¦' .-
"FEMALE WEAKNESS"— My trouble was
quickly removed' by Rexradio.
"CANCER" disappeared in - one hour after
Rexradio's (one) treatment.
"UP IN THE AIR" In elevator with man
having "crooked" arm (rheumatism). Couldn't
stralKhten it. Rexradio \tas there, too, and
by "moment's" touch straightened it be'ore
descending elevator stopped. Editor of TOWN
TALK was present. Witnessed by me —
WILLIAM ORMSBY.
"BEDRIDDEN" — I saw Rexradio treat man
for years "helpless" in bed, had to be
"lifted" In and out of bed; instantly rose
(unaided) from bed. Other similar cases.
"REXRADIO'P" (one) treatment straightened
my "bent" t limb (rheumatism).
"TYPHOID FEVER" overcome by only 2
treatments; no RELAPSE.— Knott, 112 Fell.
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXI A"— Couldn't stand un-
Rupported: 1 treatment Tuesday and Instant-
ly stood, walked "unsupported."
! "ANCHYLOSIS" of knee; couldn't straighten
lee or move knee; did both Instantly.
"HE SEES" objects (outlines) at 30 feet:
eyes "bllnd"-7 years (1 treatment Tuesday).
"REXRADIO'S" 1 treatment entirely removed
my "dropsy" and straightened limb.
"SUICIDE" avoided: protracted disease ren-
dered life a burden; often thought of sui-
cide, after spending largely, vainly, for re-
lief; then R*xradlo made quick, complete
cure, months ago; no RELAPSE.
"REXRADIO" rescued me quickly from the
fiery purgatory of "neuralgia/
"ANC~HYLoilS or joints, knees, ankles, hips,
toes, fingers, wrists, elbows, ahoulders, neck,
etc., whtch others de?m 'Incurable.' havij
often yielded to Rexradio's very 'first treat-
ment." " Testimonials shown.
"PAINS" of all kinds (neuralgia, sciatica,
rheumatism, gout. etc.). usually have been
expelled by Rexradio's "first" treatment.
Proofs — Numerous testimonials.
"RESURRECTION" excepted. BROKER, one
of our leading citizens, recently (publicly)
said: "I have seen Rexradto do nearly In-
credible healing, wonders in my office. I
verily believe he can do almost anything but
RAISE THE DFAD. I am ready to put up
my money on it."
"$1000 FORFEIT" if above digests of cases arc
not "genuine." Stacks of testimonials.
"NOTE THIS" — Names of all above patients
given at offices to persons similarly afflicted;
we object to "publication" of their names.
Above "digests" of cases refer to results of
"first" treatment, which benefits usually be-
come perfect and permanent- after -a tew
"further" treatments. --¦ ¦- -¦>.-. - -^ - •¦¦"
"REXRADIO" can -and does DO ALL HE
CLAIMS TO DO. HE FEARLESSLY CHAL-
LENGES COURTEOUS (CRUCIAL) INVES-
TIGATION. .
"CONSULTATION" given free. TERMS for
. treatment to suit circumstances. . . , ¦
"PUBLIC HEALING" before audiences free to
poor TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p.m. Rexradio also
publicly gives every one in audience desiring
it a- "sample" of his peculiar healing power.
Bring your paralytics, mutes, etc. (worst
cases). Come early to avoid crowding. RA-
DIUM HALL. 793^ Market st. and 1 Fourth
(corner Market and Fourth).
¦ PTTBCHASTHQ AQBWCIE3. - _ . ..
CLARA E, JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence sollclt-
ed. 305 Larktn St.. room 41); tel. South 319.
- ¦ PROPOSALS. _^_
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., October 25, 1904.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. November
9, 1904. and then opened for comDletlng cer-
tain items of construction, plumbing, heat-
ing and casflttlng in new brick hospital at
Fort McDowell, California, In accordance
with plans and specifications. Government
reserves the right to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole or in part. Information
furnished on application to WM. 8. PATTEN,
Assistant Quartermaster General, Chief Quar-
termaster. ¦
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. November 7. 1904. —
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., November
17 1904 and then opened for constructing
sea wall and repairing concrete walks. In-
cluding necessary grading, at Fort Mason,
California. Government reserves the right
to reject or accept any or all bids In whole
or in part. Information furnished on appli-
cation to WM. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quar-
termaster General, Chief Quartermaster.
SEWING MACHINES AND STJPPLIES.
THE balance of our shopworn sewing machines
will be closed out this week at about one-
third usual prices; this is the chance of a
lifetime to buy the best machine on earth
at little vrlce. White Sewing Machine Co.,
new retail office 915 Market st.
ALL manes: 2d hand, $2. $5, $7. $9; new, $4,$3;
drop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Ct.. 145 Sixth st: tel. Jessie 3708.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
l is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5, $8; slightly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
twlng In the window. 1061 Market st.
ALL klnfls bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK, 1915 Mission st.,
near Fifteenth.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Th- Weekly Call.
¦.IB mum. In wrapDer. for mailing. $1 per year.
STORAGE A^ID "WAEEHOtTSEa.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co. : furniture?
household goods stored, moved, shlped. 723-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant lffl.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture anil merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12&
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, ,2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Mont-omery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, IraternlUca, look
here; a chance to make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electrlo
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Mulrhead building. Market and Larkin st».
BTOP DBIlf-JNCK
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form
mailed in' plain package: has cured thou-
¦ands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
TTPBWMTEBS J A.HX^ SUPPMES.
AN^exceSptlonally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
hisher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California' st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, . rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co., 503 Market.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It
VIA VI CO., Van Ness. Phone. East ¦2S2 V ,
BBAL ESTATE — CrTY — POB BAIJB.
W. J. OUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
Savings Union Building.
$1700— Union; sunny side; 27:0x110; marine
view: a bargain: ready for building.
S1S0O for both— 2 lots, 25x120; Eleventh ave..
east side, near Point Lobos ave.; tho
cheapest lots in Richmond; ready for
building; graded, macadamized and sew-
ered: a fine buy.
Extra well built residence; sunnyside of street:
in Richmond; 5 rooms and basement; in
perfect condition; a pretty home; offered
on account of departure; a bargain can |
be obtained; cars pass.
The cream of Pacific Heights building sites In
subdivisions to suit buyers, with & pano-
ramic marine view; ready far building:
street work accepted; one of the lots sold
and $50,000 residence about to be erected:
call at office for particulars.
W. J. OUNN,
- SSO CALIFORNIA ST.
SOME MORE SOLD.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXE3.
Choicest lots, Excelalor Homestead Tract;
level as a billiard table;. on grade; close to
fine school and Mlsslon-st. electric cars;
bound to double in value.
$10 per month, no taxes, fine lots, near
Ocean Boulevard; best residence location
south of Golden Gate Park. Get the children
one for Christina*. ¦¦::.:¦
W J. WHITE. , '-,/< *
26 Montgomery st., r. 8. Phone Main 0704.
$4500— 9-ROOM house: 2 lota; 409 Fair Oaks.
$3400— $500 down; new house. 8 r. and b. ;
Precita ave.
$1600 — $400 down; new cottage, 4 r. and b. ;
309 China ave.
$1300 — Cottage. 5 r. and b. ; on Folsom st.
terms. D. COFFIN. 2528 Mission, nr. 21st.
ONLY $140 per front foot; sunny side of street;
In Mission warm belt; no fogs, no winds; lot
41'xlPO; en Howard, rt^ar 14th St.; for resi-
dence or bustness it's an O. K. Investment.
THISTLETON. Ocean View.
FOR sale — 3 colonial houses, 8 rooms, bath
and basement: beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny; east side of Tenth ave., near
I rt.. Sunset. Hallett A Gee, on premises.
$1400— TERMS if desired; 36-foot front; block
of ICth and Valencia; street work complete.
The Dolan Co.. HOT Market, opp. Franklin.
$7500— WESTERN Addition- house and lot. 8
rooms and bath; make offer. Apply F. Hol-
tum. 517 California st. '
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. If Included,
any location, on $1 23 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Croasley bid.
DOWNTOWN business corner; best In city for
price; chjeap; no agents. Box 4453. Call.
MODERN bathrooms fitted up: estimates.
Ahlbach & Mayer. Plumbers. 83« Howard st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sta.
AlBRANcirofflceoFThe Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. rn.
BEAI. ESTATE — COTMTTBT — Por SaJa.
WHITE' & BAYLEY.
' ? ' Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. LODI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to It: the
section that has the most fertile soil In the
San Joaquln Valley; fine roads; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10 acre
: lots; only 2V4 miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep;
rchool on the tract; $75 per acre. This *jill not
last over 30 days; first come, flrat served.
Adjoining land sold for $125.
$12.000— Only 2 miles Sebastopol; electric
cars pass place; 100 acres, of which 15 are
bearing apples; all level, rich, sanuy lcam.
adapted to hops potatoes or corn: 2 good
houses, fine barn, sheds, poultry-houses and
outbuildings; complete set farming tools; horses
and cattle with place.
$2SC0— Clcse to Petaluma, 1 mile station: 10
acres rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful oaks; medern cottage. 5 rooms, bath;
good barn, poultry- houses, outhouses; horse,
cow.- SO hens. . buggy, etc. ; will add 12 acres
. adjoining if desired; see this quick.
$10,000 — Close to Geyservllle; 56 acres rich
Russian River bottom; great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables: 12 acres vine-
yard, 12 prunes, 23 acres fine alfalfa; large
new barn. We offer some of the finest farms
In the world In this superb section; let us
drive you around.
$2500— Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family orchard: good
house and outbuildings; well fenced; Investi-
gate this.
$4000— Close to Petaluma; 24 acres rich,
candy loam In potatoes and asparagus; some
orchard and garden; fair 7-room house; out-
buildings; refused $9000 for 17 acres adjoining
not so good; half cash.
$1800— Close to Sebastopol: 10 acres fine
land; 4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden;
5 acres young apples; half cash.
$500 down — ICO acres and use of 40 more: 2
miles of postoffice; In Sonoma County; rolling
land; 8 acres vines; orchard; finely fenced;
building alone cost $2000; house 7 rooms; barn,
wagon-shed, poultry-houses, yards; 1500 cords
wood; some stock, furniture; price $2500.
$400 down — 10-acre dairy and poultry ranch;
2 good dwellings; barn, poultry-houses, lncuba-
tcr; 0 cows. 15 Angora goats, 2 horses, buggy;
tools; 10 tons -of hay; only 1 mile of town; In-
vestigate quick: $2000.
$5500 — Only 1 mile of Haywards: 37 acres
fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
house 6 rooms* and bath; finest barn In county,
alone cost $4000; fine View; this Is the best buy
in the vicinity. *-¦>.•¦
$6500— Close to Callstoga; 90 acres; 43 level,
productive loam soil; well fenced and cross-
fenced; plenty fine water; fine prune orchard;
good house, bam and outbuildings. We have
a large list of desirable homes in this locality.
Let u? drive you around. <¦ .
$2650 — North of Watsonville; €5 acres, 8 acres
full bearing apples. 9 In grain; fine berry
patch; 40 acres timber: flowing stream; 9-room
house; largo barn and granary; water piped to
: buildings. We have a choire selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices tn this
vicinity. See a few.
$3500 — 5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom; 25 acres; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings: 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; pcultry
houses; see this, and.lt you want only part of
it will sell unimproved portion at $100 per
acre; If you want to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "side step" see some of our
home* on the Russtan River.
$2950 — 34 acres, near Watsonville; 200 apples;
6 acres fine potatoes; 2 acres Umber; balance
grain; 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sonoma
City; 9 acres fine grapes, 15 years old. balance
pears and assorted fruits; this season's crop
easy $700; no buildings; forced sale; simply
make an offer.
$1500— All level. 10 acres. 2 miles of Calls,
toga; tmall orchard; good house and barn; 2
wells; near school. ¦- •:.,;,/¦
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per mere — 3 miles of Modeati ; 20 acres up;
half cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl. on the Woodbridgs
canal.
$1200 — 10 acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodl; sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
$2500— Near Santa Crua. 00 acres rich alluvial
soil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room house,
barn.
Send atamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed lUt on the coast.
1 WHITE A BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
2C Montgomery St., room 8.
.'";.'.: Property Exchange a Specialty.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
153 acres. Napa Co.; 80 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain;- fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place; gentleman's home.
8HADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st.
"ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C. M. WOO3TER CO..
kis Market st.
UOOD chance to Ret a home In Alameda
€0.; only 12 acres; In Loganberries, straw-
berries, etc. Call or address Dr. TRUEMAN
308 Hearst building, city.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages; . sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
SAW MATEOJBEAI. ESTATE.
LOMITA PAKK— On line of San Mateo electrti
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt and just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'a bay shore "cutoff" will Join
the main line;- 60-foot lots from $400 up;
terms ouly $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes in front of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 170 lots sold since
Aucufct 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot in this desirable section; take the
electric cars and get off at "LOMITA
PARK" and Investigate;- maps sent on 'ap-
plication.
fcELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Tel. Main 873. 118 CallfornU rt.
MUL VALLEY * T * I>T - " '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
' 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BEAI. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or 8. F. property
for lanches. J. H. EDSON, 14-*5 Bacon
block, Oakland.Lord Newton, who 1b president of a
British .horse show society, .suggests
that the country's revenue might be in
creased " properly by a tax on - horse
racing.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. Nov 6.
- Stmr Gipsy, Gray. 24 hours from Monterey.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 10 hours from Bo
dega.
Stmr Marshfleld, Dettmers, 21 hours from
Hardy Creek.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, 4 hours from Halfmoon
Bay.
late shipping intelligence.
Arrangementa are now being made
by the Chamber of Commerce of Napa
to give an elaborate banquet next week
to the officers of the new road to cele
brate the completion of the track.
,NAPA, Nov. 6. — The Vallejo, Be
nicla and Napa Valley Electric Rail
way Company completed the task of
laying its rails on Soscol avenue to the
city limits to-night. The line has been
built from Vallejo to Napa and will
proceed out Third street and Calistoga
avenue, In Napa, up the valley. The
poles and wires are rapidly being
placed in position and ground has been
broken for a station and carhouse on
a lot opposite the Palace Hotel. Cap
tain John Cross of Los Angeles is
president of the new line.
The company will give a half-hour
service to Vallejo. Six round trips
can be made daily between Napa and
Vallejo.
Cars Will Soon Be Running: Between
Xnvy Yard Town nntl Points
In the Valley.
ELECTRIC LJNT2 FROM XAPA
TO VAMiEJO COMPLETED
Marian Byrne (owner) with George Let
terell (contractor) architect none— All work
for a three-story frame building on N line of
Pacific avenue. 66 E of Baker street. E 28
by N 127:SV4. W. A. 646; $8950.
John F. Garvey (owner) with Geo. Peterson
(contractor), architect owner — All work for a
two- story frame cottage on ,W line of Noe
street. 75 S of Twenty-first. S 25 by W SO.
M. B. 110: $2C50.
M Ivancovlch (owner) with J. I. Metrovlch
(contractor). architect — All work for a
one- story frame building on E line of Ninth
avenue. 150 S of H street, S 25 by E 120;
$22(50.
Builders' Contracts.
Anna D. Joost to Ralston R. and Anna E.
Smith, lot on W line of Vlcksburg street. 90
N of Twenty-third. N 25 by W 117:6; $10.
Knut M. and Emma O. Dahl to Charles and
Bertha Oberfeld, lot on N line of Day street,
8O E of Noe, E 2f> by N 114; $10.
Charles G. and Rose E. Stuhr to Annie Mc-
G!oin. lot on W line of Sanchez street, 28 N
of- Duncan. N 2.9:0 by \y 80: $ .
Charles L. and Lily F. Tllden to Samuel Me-
Adam, lot on SE corner of Twenty-sixth and
Noe streets. E 80 by S 114; $10. '
Ellen Galbralth to Maggie Madden, lot on
W line of Castro street, 135 S of Twentieth,
S KS by W 125; $10.
Humboldt Savlng9 Bank (formerly Humboldt
Savings and Loan Society) to Minna Neller
(wife of Leopold) and Louis C. Buck, lot on S
line of Bush street, 40 W of Mary lane (225
W of original line of Kearny street and 255:5
W of present line), W 20 by S 137:6; $10.
Minna and Leopold Neller and Louis C. Buck
to Nlcoluus Ahrens, same: $10.
Lucy M. Rosenberg to George B. Roop, lot
on NW corner of Golden Gate avenue and Hyde
street, W 137:6 by N 137:6; $5500.
Mary J. Lemman to William Ede Company,
lot on SE line of Market street. 475 SW of
Sixth, SW 50. SE 165. NE 25, NW 75, NE 25,
NW 90; $10.
George W. Daywalt to Evangeline Daywalt.
lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue. 225 N of
S street. E 120 by N 50; $10.
William G. and Sophie Zell to John F.
O'Keefe, lot on N line of Richland street. 775
E of South avenue. E 25 by N 100, lot 28, block
7, Holly Park: $10. -
F. W. Hollmann to Grace and Fred H. Flgel.
2015 D. 388. estate of. George Roop, Santa
Clara, reconveyance deed; $ .
Julius C. Rels to John B. and Mary Pisano,
lots 1 to 6, block 18. Rels Tract; grant.
Joseph, Harriet B., Jacob and Bertha G.
Welssbein to Pearl E. Drennan, lots 270 and
271, Heyman Tract; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Geti to Victor Maene.
lot on SE line of Moscow street. 125 SW of
China avenue. SW 50 by SE 100. block 83, Ex
celsior Homestead: $10.
Thomas W.. Catherine A.. Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to George Chandler, lot 10,
block 9, subdivision 1, Castro-street Addition;
$10.
August and Hulda C. BJogren to Edward and
Julia M- Ross, lot on W line of Alabama
street, 275 S of Twenty-sixth. W ."KV214. N to
Serpentine street. E to Alabama, 8 2; $5.
William H. Laurence to Laura M. Laurence,
lot on E corner of China avenue and Athens
street. NE 25 by SE 100. block 71, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
fcamuel and Fannie Glass to Maurice Rosen
thai, lot on S line of Frederick street. 110 W
of Willard, W 27:6 by S 100; $10.
Joseph and Celina Lame (Lanle) to Joseph
U. de Roco, lot on W line of Hoff avenue. 272
S of Sixteenth street, S 22:« by W 92:0; $10.
Joseph U. de Roco to Joseph Lame, same;
Clara W. Rogers to Josef ' and Therese
Kleber, lot on S line of Fourteenth street, 320
W of Castro. W 25 by S 115; $10.
Georse S. and Ollie E. Crlm to Valentin
Weber, lot on SW corner of Twenty-third and
Florida streets, W 25 by S 104; $10.
Edward and Julia A. Ross and John. P. S.
and Hulda E. Johnson to Stephen Mariana,
lot on E line of Harrison street. 201 S of
Twenty-sixth, E 100 by N 128; $5.
Edward and Julia A. Ross and Stephen and
Vittoria Mariana to Hulda B. Johnson, lot on
E line of Harrison street. 201 S of Twenty
sixth, E ICO by S 45:6; $5.
James Robertson to Jennie B. Robertson, lot
on E line of Clayton street. 35O S of Frederick,
S 26 by B 101:3; gift.
M. H. and Kate I. de Young to Mary E.
Murphy and Martha A. Flynn, lot on E Hne of
Shrader street, 57:8 N of Grove. N 25 by E
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 5.
REAL ESTATE TKAN'SACTIOXS.
Snakes' eyes are never closed. Sleep
ing or waking, alive or dead, they are
always wide open. This is because
they have no eyelids.
Burke's peerage has no record of tha
title claimed by Moir, nor of any auch
estate.
Having lost his small fortune in Scot
land, it is said Molr left Liverpool early
this year for New York. He visited
a friend in Philadelphia, going thence
to Toronto and later came to Puget
Bound. When his funds ran low he se
cured odd jobs and later became watch
man of a building being erected in
Seattle. Last Wednesday, he says, he
received a cablegram announcing the
death of MacPherson and stating that
a solicitor has left Glasgow with the
details of his good fortune. He will
return to Glasgow with the lawyer.
TACOMA, Nov. 6.— From poverty to
plenty and a seat in the English House
of Lords Is the good fortune befalling
W. D. Moir during the past week, ac
cording to Molr. He says that by the
death of Donald R. MacPherson. who
held the estate but not the title, ha
becomes Lord Corrienony of'Glenmor
rison, Inverness, Scotland, with the
privilege of taking a seat in the House
of Lords. The estates, says Molr, have
a revenue of £40,000 sterling yearly.
Molr claims he gets the title through
his mother's family- Her name ' was
Grant.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Britisher Asserts That He
Is New Entitled to Seat
in the English Parliament
DEATH MAKES HIM LOED
Watchman in Seattle Build
ing Says He Has Become a
Member of Scotch Peerage
CLAIMS TITLE
AND BIG ESTATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
10
AUCTION SALES
C. V. WAGNER & CO.
AUCTIONEERS AXD COMMISSION MER-
CHANTS.
115-117 BUSH STREET.
Canned fruits at Auction
ATTENTION !
EXPORTERS. DEALERS. HOTEIXEEP 1 -
ERS. BAKERS. RESTAURANTS. 0ROCER9.
STEAMSHIP COMPANIES, RAILROADS
AND CONTRACTORS.
Just in time for your Thankstrlvlns *nd holi-
days.
22,860 CASES
Of the ¦well-known htxb-frrada
Canned Fruiti Vegetables
Selected and Put Up la the Nap* Valley. Cali-
fornia. Will Be Sold AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1904.
At 11 o'clock A. M.. by Catalo«ua.
Removed Direct From tho Napa Caanerr
for Convenience of Sale to Oj« Premise*). 23
Battery Street. Between Bbsh aad Pine, Saa
Francisco, California.
Consisting of Standard. Extra Standards,
Extras. Solid Packs. Peaches, Apricots. Blacfc
and White and Royal Ann Cherries. Greet*
Gages. Ess Plums. Blackberries, Tomatoes.
Etc.
REMEMBER Date. Hour and Place of Salsr
Thursday, November 10th, 1004, 11 o'cloc*
A. M.. 25 Battery Street, bet. Bush and Plna,
San Francisco.
C. V. WAGNER ft CO.. Auction and Com-
mission Merchants. 115 Bush Street. Saa Fran-
cisco. MAX COHEN. Auctioneer.
BI6 SALE second saxe or BI6 SALE
6O HEAD
MODOC
HORSES
Consigned by JOHN COLLINS aad A. 1*
DICKS of Or««oa-
GENTLE WAGON HORSES. SnTUSTj
ROADSTERS. MATCHED TEAMS. FXN3
SADDLE HORSES. Will B*> Sold Wlthoot R*.
serve or Limit. . t
THURSDAY, Nov. 10. 11 a. m;
AT WESTERN HORSE MARKET,
220 VALENCIA BT.
E. STEWART. Auction****.
Every Horse will btt guaranteed, ta b* *i
rep, res en tad.
r^_ Don't foir«t the bl*r aal« Tuesday, No-
/TT* vember 8, at 11 a. m.. at 1140 Fotaoxa
st. of a lot of g-ood, cheap horses aad brood
mares; also a large assortment of wagronj. bu*;-
Kle«, carts and 40 sets of harness; 1 fast
pacer. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
jr> £» £R>
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSXff MAR-
KET. 327 SIXTH ST.^ WEDNESDAY. Novem-
ber 9. at 11 a. m. Sixty GOOD HORSES,
JOHN J. DOYLE. AncUonaer.
RAILWAY TKAVETi.
|T CALIFORNIA ¦
I LfMlTEO TO CH1C4COQ
U LEAVES MONDAYS ind THURSDAYS B
H at f>:."O a.m., through In a dayi.gl
fl With diner and sUl trapping*. gj
Other Santa T» Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 j- or Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8 : 0Op". m'J Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
4-00 p". m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyoa
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak*
land, Cal. : also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnron Perry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN rSAJTCISCO TO SAN B-_*A__»
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:30. 3:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 i>. m.
Saturdays — Eitra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW RAFAEL TO SAN PSAXTCZSOO.
WEEK DAYS— «:06. 7:33. 7:SO, »:20. U:U
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 0:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:05. B:05. 6:33 p. m.
Leave j In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. | Saa Fran-
Week I Sun- I De«tin»- I Sun- I W«ck~
Days. I days. I tlon. | day. | Pays.
7:30a 8:00 a 8:10 al 8:4Oa
8:30 a Iznacio. 10:40 a 10:20 4
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:03 p 6:20 ji
5:10 p B:0Op 7:35 p
7:30a 8:10a 3:40*1
8:00 a Novato. 10:4Oal0:2OaI
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:08 p 6:20 a
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 pj ~*
| S:0O p Santa Rosa. |
7:30a 10:40 a|10:a0 «
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p f
" ~ Windsor. ) '
7:30 a 9:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 a
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 at Hopland 110:40 allO:2» si
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uktah. |7:33p|6:20»
j j Willlts and j j
7:30 af 8:00 a( Sherwood. \ T:33pf g:30p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Gucrnevine. | 7:33 p| 6:20 b
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 8:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al |1O:4O a|lO:2O a>
3:30 pi 3:3Op! Sebastopol. | 7:33 p| 6:20 »
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; *t Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springe and Mark West Spriari; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geysenrllle for Ska*r»
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boon**
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carl*.
bad Springs; Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake Coanty 'Hot Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Sprtsgsw
Blue Lnk««. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Sprtn««.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly*s>. Bucknell's. Sanhedrla
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot 8prlnga. Halfway
Houre. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City
Fort Bragg. Westport and Uial; at Wllltts for
Hearst and Sr.wyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Brarg. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. CUmmlnn
Bell'* Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frultland!
Dyer. Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood. ScoMa
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r%-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office, C50 Market street. Chronicle
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN
Gen. Manager. Oen. Pas*. Agt. .
pj^pSgSip* To SAN RAFAEL,
HM@I^ R0SS VA LLEY,
IM^^^P CAZADERO, Etc
l££a__Bi*£SSls$ via Sansallto P.rrr
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUgZ
Dapart from San Franclacow dally at tr-.tT
7:43. 8:25. »:10. »»:5o. ll:oo a. i." ' 1« 2^
4:35. 5:15. 5:50. 6:30. 7:13. 8:u> ind aS
Arrive at San Francisco, dally at ?«¦*/»
7:35. 8:13. 8:50. 8:35. 10:5O a. ni- 1*30 2 : m*
4.25. 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 8:57. 7?4o and" 11%
p. tn.
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a m - also S»<
urdays at 3:15 p. m. and dally axcept Satu£
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. "^
; THROUGH TRAINS.
i 7:43 a. m. daily— Cazadero and "way station^
1^8:15 p. m.. Saturday. ohly-For -Casadarot
j dal^fo?" '5ma1*i! T -«c XC ? t "«««¦*«« 8—
; TICKET OFFICE — 650 Market *t. .
i VkHRY — Union Depot, foot of Market «t.
i Weekly Call, $1 per Year
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
H"^v Trains 1«bt« aad ar* dn»
/A^rrro^N. to arrive at
U^Sry SAN FRANCISCO.
V vV fc-jT Jf\J TBOH OOTOBBB 2J. 1101.
\2S (Toot of Market Street )
*•'*'« - MAIN LINE. -a.bit,
7.00a VacarUle. Winter*. Kamiey.. 7.66>
7.00a Benlcla, Elmlrsand Sacramento.. 7.2Qf»
7.30a Vallejo, Xaps, Csllstoffa. SiaU
Kota. Martinez. Ban Itamon S.20P
730a NlIei,Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7.20P
8 00a Shana Expren— (Via Darli).
Wllllamf, Willow*. tFruto. Ked
Blurt. Portland, Tacotna, Seattle 7-50>
8 00a D«t1i, Woodland, Knight* Landing.
MarriTllle. OroTllie 7.50*
8 30a Martinez. Antloch. Byron, Tracj.
Stockton, Newman. Los Banos,
Mendota, Annooa, Hanrord,
VUalln. Porterrllle 4.20*
8.30a Port Co«ta, Modesto. Merced,
Fresno, Oosnen Junction, Ilaa-
ford. Vlislla, DakersDeld 4.50P
8 30 A Nllea, Ban Jose. Llvermore, 6 toe It-
ton. (*Mllt.-»>. «on?, S»or»menta,
MarjPTlll". Cblco. Bed Bluff .... 4.20*
8 30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jameitown. So-
nora. Tnolnmne and Angeli „*
900a Atlantic Expre§»— Ogden snd Eut. 6.20P
9-30A Richmond. Martlncx and Way ~ '¦'
Station* 0-6OP
1000A The OrerUnd Limited — Ogden.
Omabft. Chicago, Denver, Kansas
City. St. Loul* .522*
1000a Vallejo ..._ 12.20p>
10.00a Lo* Anir&left Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron, Truer.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Karmond. Fresno. Gosh? n Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, VlssUa,
B»ter«n«ld. Jz>» Angele* 7-2f>
12.00m Harward. Nile* and W»y Stations. 5-20»»
11 -OOP Sncrntnento River St<-*mer».. tl l-0u>
3.3QP Benlcla, Winter*. Sacramento^
Woodland, Knlghti Lnodtng.
MarjsTtlle, Orovllle and waj
station* 10?5 A
?.30p Harward.X'ies nnd War Station*.. 7-60*>
3 30P Port CoMta, Msrtinez, B> roo.Trncy,
Lathrop, Stoclttou, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Freino snd
Way Stations bejond Port Costa 12-20p
4.00PMartlnez,6ftnRam<Mi.ValleJo,Kapa,
Callitoa-a, Snnta Rosa 9 20*
4. 00p Kile*. Tracy, Stockton 10.20a
4.30P Harward. Nile*. Irrlngton. Saa I 18.50*
Jose. Llrennore \ 111,60*
600PThe Owl Limited— Newman. Los ,» ,
Banos. Mendota. Freinu, Tulare,
BulcersOeld. Lot Angeles 8-50*
t6 30p Hayward. Miet and san Jose 7.20a
6.00P Hayward. Nile* and San Jote ¦ 9.50a
600p Eastern Expreu— Omaha, Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City. at. Louis,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento^
Col fax, Reno, Sparks, Montello,
"m'ml Oeden 12.50*
I.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 c n _
7 -OOP Vallejo, Sunuar onlr f
7 .OOP KU'hmund, San Pablo, Port Costa,
Martinet and War Stations 11.20a
7-OOPKeno P»s»enRer— Port Costa, Be-
nlcia. Salaan, Elmlra. Dlxon.
Davis. Sacramento, Sparks. Tono-
pah. Keeler and War Station*... 7.50a
8 05p Oregon ft California Kxpres*— Sae-
ramemo, MarysTllle, Reildlog.
. •.-¦"" Portland, Tuget Sound mnd E»*t. 8-50*
B-l Op Hajwaril, Nllea and San Jose (son-
daronlr) 11.60*
COAST LINE i C" arrow U*ig«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. CenterTllle. San ' Jote,
Felton, Boulder Creek. fc»nu
Crni and War Station* 5 55p
t2-16p Newark. Centerville. Saa Jose,
New AIraaden.Lo* G«u»,Kelton,
Boulder Cr«tek, Santa Crui and
Principal Way Station* tIO-SSa
4.1Ep Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos... ] : ]J ;|| *
4I9-3CP Hunters' Train (Saturday only}—
San Jote and Way Stations t7-25p
COAST LINE (Mr»ad Wa»»»).
fy (Third »nd 'tWa-ieud Streets.)
6.10a San Josr »ml W*r Stations 8 30p
7-00a San Jose and War Station* 6. 40*
800a N>w Alinaden (Tuea.. Krld.. only). 4-10*
BCOAThe Coastei' — San Jose. Sallna*.
8an Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Margarita. San La!* Obtipa,
Oaadalupe, (invlota, Santa Dar-
'bara. San Bucnareutura, Mon-
tulvo, Oxnard, Dor bank, Los
. Angelet 10-38*
B-OOAGIIruy. Hollltter. CattroTllle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove. Surf, Lom-
poc 10.30*
9.00a ban Jote. Tres Plno*.Watsonv|t1r,
Capltola. 6anta Cruz. Paclfle
Crrore. Salinas. San Lois Oblspo
and Principal War Station*. ... 4.10*
10-SOa San Jote and War Station* 1.20p
11 30a San Jose and War stations 7.30p
2.15P6an Jote and War Station* 3 38*
3 OOP Del Monte Kxpres*— Santa Clara.
Ban Jote, W a t « o n v 1 1 1 e. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey, \
Pacific Grove 12-15*
13-OOp Los Gatos. W'rlpbt. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cms, via Santa- Clara and
Narrow Gauge tiO 4Sa
3-30P Valencia St.. South San Francisco,
Burllntnune, San Jose, Gtlroy,
/ Holllster. Tres Plnos 10.45a
4-30p Pan Jcc and War Stations +8 00*
tSXOP Santa CUra, San Jote, Lot Gatot.
and principal War Station* (ex-
.¦¦•_ «Pt Sunder) tSOOA
55-JOp fcanJo*Fandl'rtnclp>tlWa7Statton* 19.40a
6 48p bantet Express.— Redwood. San
Jose.Gtlroy.Salinas.i'aso Rubles,
San Lulu Oblipo, Santa Barbara.
Lo* Angeles. )>emlng. KI Paso.
St.LouU. New Orleans, New York 9 10a
6.45p Pajaro, Wattonville, Capltola,
hanta Crux. CatUOTllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 10-30*
16<15p tan Mateo.Ueretford, Belmont. 8aa
L'arlot. UeUwood, Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto.. t6 48*
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations 6-36*
8. COP P»lo Alto and War Station* 10.15*
11.3UP Suuth San Francisco, MiUbne.Bur-
"nifsrnr. San Mateo, Belmont.
baa Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto f3 45p
•1130P Mar Held, Mountain View, Sunny,
rale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jote t8.45»
A for MorulUK. P for Afternoon.
1 Bon Joy excepted t Sunday onlr
«• 6aturdaj only. b Monday only.
. {Stop* at all atatlons on StiurUy.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lv. Saa 7r»ncii« -Jgg-^ _ ir. Sia t naeistt
Tk. D»ti Scadtyi /&*2^n3g*4 Snndaji ¥Oijr
ZZ7^Z7. 8: 25a fofe>3&3l!M l::«Or TlO:.-»tU
W:5Oa 9:5Oa \g>O«^gr «:55p 3:55r
i";'45*i»" l*:45p yjjJ!3$j£' O:23t» *"*6'"a'j>
gatordart 4:33p Saturday* H:12p
*Yia Gravity Car Y Ml Taaalpaa to Mia Tafljy
TlCOr J C50 Markkt ST.,(North Shore RailroadJ
imOS | aad Sausauto Fbmy, Foot Market St.
aOOKS TO LET — Pum. and Vntvam.^
LIBERTY, S04. nr. Castro— Mod., sun. unfur.
parlors; 4 con. nns.; adults; ref.: warm belt.
LILY ave.. 1M — Nicely furniihed room, private
faciiiy; gas; tuih; phene; rent $5.
MARKET. U»49 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to 57 week; batha; elevator.
tteAXXXSTCB. 3^-Newly furnlsh-d sunny
back parlor; phone, cas and bath; home
cotrtfert*. ¦
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 123 Third St.— 400
r'ngie r-.d fair.ily rooms S5c to SI 5() per day,
J£ to fS pvr week: the only new ar.d modern
hotel and rooming-hour* in San Francisco ;
that ha.- office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, olectric lights, call bells. *team heat \
Jn cvfn room and cives free baths and ele-
vator service day ar.d night to Its guests.
NATOMA, 4(K»ij— 2 connecting rooms for 2 or
3 men; private; fas: ba-th.
OAkT"*:*. «*3r Market— Larpe sur.r.y nicely
furu^hef! front parlor to let.
OTAERELL, M.6— Sunny furnished room;
quiet block; tear business center.
OFARRELL. 571— Newly furnished sunny
room, suited for 2; private residence.
OTAP.EELL 1395 — New eunsy corner suite;
"«• I
PACIFIC sve..lfU3 — Large well furnished front
ax.fl rear rooms for gentlemen; rent $12. *1O-
POST. 9C2 — Punny fr«pt rooms: water, gas. {
phone; $S menth; rear rooms 15 month.
POST 051— Two lant* sunny rooms to let;
newly furnished. Call after 2 p. m.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, stncklng-room and"1adie» > par-
lor- rooms r" night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to SS; mor.th. tb to $30; elevator en ground i
floor; rooms with hot and cold wat«r; baths. ,
SACRAMENTO. 1C11 — Neat and BOBBY room; j
also rear room: private family; gentleman.
T^HAMA^ 12 — Pk-asant furnished rooms to j
¦J±
TFTHAMA, 217 — Roome suitable for working-
men or girls; cheap; housekeeping If desired. .
THE PT. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND ;
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE |
FUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW :
PANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE BER\- ;
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERT j
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Lerchment. 361 Sutter — New brick bldg.. i
finely furnished ; hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to >5 per week.
Tt-RJC S36— Two connecting rooms for lady: j
private family: choice location; no signs; $10; j
references exchanged.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400 •
rooms 35c to $1 night, tl 75 to $6 week; elec- j
trie llghU (no pas), running water In every ;
room; fclevator, read--room; tree bus. baFgage. j
VALENCIA. 2H' — Large sunny room; private j
BUnfly: call Sunday or eve-nings. ]
•WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d ft., near Market—
Meet convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 50 rightly; $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec lights; reading-room; free bus; bag page. ;
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice !
furnished room* for 15c per night up; ele- |
gant transient rooms. f>Oc per night,
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch efflce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has j
be*n opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite |
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ;
BOOKS Aim BOAED.
G^OL^E^T^vrE^aveTT^lOol. nr. Jefferson Park
Eurny rooms; bath; private hou*e; good
board; "?S0. $23; two. t"2, *36 month.
HOTEL COMORA. 621 OFarrell— 2 south sin-
gle. 2 Bunny suites, with bath; superior
table; billiards.
, _ . — ;
POWELL. 816, opr- Hotel Falrmount — Ele-
gantly fur. sunny rooms, en suite or single;
excellent board; refined family; marine view. ,
WANTED — Refined young lady to share apart-
ment room* with musical student. Box 4531,
Call office. ' j
EI>I>Y. 71"!' — Elppant parlor suite, with board;
all raodtrn lmr-rovements.
Ei.T>lS. 453 — F"in<> furnished rooms, with best j
rf French table board. j
BAXCHT. 3-'t2— Large sunny suite; running
watrr; grate: second floor; corner house.
"HOTKL McALLIPTER," Van Ness and Mc-
AlIlftT — 1 eunny single or 2 choice suites.
HOWARD. S41A— Flrst-claes board and room,
slnglr or douM*. $5 week; American family.
LARGE d"uMe room, with board for two; $50;
hot water. 3rt<J Leaven worth ft.
NICELY lurnttbed sunny front room, with
hoard. 4C5A M'nna Ft.
BOOM ani boerd; reasonable. 304 Stelner |
*tr°*-t. j
f!»ver.;ca J!a*-.5ion. opp. Grace Church annex. ;
6C7 California— See rms. l«arn price«.try table, j
TfRK. 115'.'— Nlc* larjre furnished room for 2
or ?, cpr.tleDPTV with board; reasonabl*.
»— — — — — — — ——^— ¦¦——»——
BOOMS AHT> BOAJtDJWANTjBD^^
MAN and littie girl would like room and
b^ard in vicinity of Flilmore, Eddy or Turk
sts.: Ftat«- ternin. Box 4749. 'Call office.
t — —^— — —^ — .^ — —^—^
U SITED STATES G0TEKK11EOT.
NOTICE 'of Restoration of Public Lands to
Settlement and Entry — Department of the
Interior, General Lan4 Office. Washing-
ton. l>. C. October 7. 11*04: Notice is here-
by given that, on September 2<t. 11*04, the
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the Dubllc lands in the following j
d*s>"rib*>d areas, which were temporarily
withdrawn for forest reserve purposes; and
that the bald public Ian5» no restored to set-
tlement on Ser>terr.ber 20, l'JOl. will become
subject to er.try, filing and selection at the
respect.'\-e United States Land Offices for
the bev^ral Land Districts In which the
lande lie, viz. : Visalia, Stocktcn. Sacra-
mento, Maryi»ville, £u&anvl!le and Redding,
California, on January 31. IOCS: Township
twenty-eight (2S) South, Range twenty-eight
(2J>) East; Township twenty-eight (28) j
South. Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
thljj twemy-eeven (.27) South, Range twen-
t*eifht (25S) East; Township twenty-seven
4^7) South, Range twenty-nine (29) East;
Township twenty-six (26) South, Range
twenty -nine (23) East: « Township twen-
ty - eix <2C) South, Range thirty (30)
Eastr Township twenty-five (25) South,
Range twenty-nine (29/ Hast; Town-
ehip twenty-five (25) South, Kange thirty i
<3U) East: Township twenty-four (24) South,
Basil twenty-nine (29) Eatt; Townthlp ¦
twenty-four (21) South, Range thirty (30)
Eaet; Township twenty-three (23) South.
Range twenty-nine (.210 East; Township
twenty-two (22) South, Range twenty-
Bine t2S>; East: Township twenty-one (21)
South. Range twenty-cine (2S) Eaet; Town-
ship twenty <20) South. liange twenty-eight
<-'¦> East: Township twenty (20) South. Kantce
twenty-nine C2U) East; Towuihip nineteen
418) fcouth. Range twenty-eight (2S) East,
Towntlup nineteen (19) South, Range twen-
ty-nine (2S») East; Township eighteen (18)
South, Range twenty-eight (2S) East; Town-
ship eighteen (lfc) South, Range twen-
ty-nin» (2Sf) Eatt; Township seventeen
(17) South'. Range t»eniy-«even (27)
East; Township seventeen (17) South. Range
ttt-TOty-eifrht «C8) East; Township' aevrn-
teen (17* South. Kanse twenty-nine (29)
i.o-:: .Township sixteen de) fcouth. liange
twenty-tlx (20) East: Tov.T.*hip sixteen (10)
South, flange twenty-seven (27) East; In
Township eixteen (1(J) South, Range tweaty-
ticht (2t>) East, Sections' four (4), five (5),
eix (C). fceven (7). eight (8), nine (9), and
fc'ecticrj Cftr-cn (15)' to thirty-six (3t), both
Inclusive; Township fifteen (15) South.
Range twenty-tlx CI6) East; Township fif-
teen (15) South, liange twenty-seven (1'7>
I£ast; In Towntfcip mteen (15) South. Kang«
twenty-eight (,2t>) Ea£t. Sections three (3)
to nine o». both inclusive, sixteen (10) to
twenty-one <2l). both inclusive, and twenty-
«-isrht (2S) to thirty-three (32). both inclu-
sive; Townthlp fourteen (14) South. Range
twenty-five (25) East; Township fourteen
414) South, Range twenty-nix (26) East;
Township fourteen (14) South, liange
' twenty-eeven (27) Eact: Township thir-
t- • :. (13) South, Kange twenty - four
(24) Eaat: Township thirteen <13) South
Kange twenty-five (25) East; in Township
thirteen (13) South. Range twenty-six (20)
East, wett half of Section four (4), Sections
rive (5), eix (C). seven (7). eight (S), NW »;
of Section nine (9). Sections seventeen (17),
eighteen <16). nineteen (19), twenty (20). and
Sections twcaty-fi\« (25) to thirly-blx CMJ)
bcth Inclusive; Township twelve (12) South!
lUinge twenty-four (24) Eaet; in Township
twelve (12) South. Ranee twenty-five CIS)
Cast, Sections four (4). five (0). eix (C), seven
<7). eight (fc). nine (9). Sections sixteen UC)
to twenty-one (21), both Inclusive, all of
Sections twenty-two (22). twenty-three (23),
twenty-fcur (24). tying aouth cf Kings River
and Sections twenty-five (20) to thirty-six
(3(3). both inclusive; Township eleven (11)
South, liange twenty-three (23) East; Town-
ship eleven (11) South. liange twenty- U>ur
<Zi) East: In Township eleven (11) SoDth.
Kange ¦ -twenty-live <2S) l*t«t, Sections five
<5),. six (0). seven «7). -eight (S). nine (9),
Sections t-ixteen (1C) to twenty-one <21),
I" '.it inclusive, and Sections twenty-eight
(25) to thlriy-three (3J), both inclusive;
Township ten (10) South. Range twenty-two
(22» East; Township ten (10) South. Itanee
twenty-three (2:5) East: Township ten (10)
fciouth. Kanre twenty-four (2-1) East; Town-
ship nine (M) South. Kange twenty-two (22)
Kast: In Township nine (9) South, Range
twenty-three <2.'J) East, that part of Section
?¦iebtecn (If-) lying *outh of tbe San Joaquin
liiver. Section nineteen (19), that part of
Section twenty (20) lylnr west of tb« San
FitzGerald. Major B. Schneider. Martin S.
i Freeman. Matilda Snowgrass. Jennie
' Freiediichs, W. D. Stark, Martha C.
Garland. Patrick Von der Nienbur*,
Ifansen. Margaret H. A. •
Hildebrandt -Marga- Well. Henry
retha Weill, Adele
Heydenaber Adella Wieland. George C.
King. Arthur C. Woods, Fred
BELKNAP— In this city November 5, 1904,
David P. Belknap, a native of New York,
City, N. Y., aged 80 years.
(C7" Funeral services Tuesday. November 8,
at 10 a. m. at his late residence. 2201
. Fulton street. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
BENNETT— In thia 'city. November 4, 1904.
Mrs. Catherine Bennett, a native of Dublin,
Ireland.
(D"Frtend!< and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 7:45 a. ra.. from her late resi-
dence. 325 Hayes atreet thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul commencing at S a. m.
Interment Sacramento Cal.. on the arrival
of the 10 o'clock train from San Francisco.
BOURKE— In • this city, November 4. 1904,
Polly Bourke. beloved daughter of Mr. dnd
Mrs. C. Connell. and loving sister of Daniel
E. Bourke and Joseph Connell. a native of
San Francisco. A member of St. Teresa In-
stitute No. 20, Y. L. I.
¦ E^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
November 7. 1804. at 9:30 a. m., from her
late residence. 1008 Jones street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Young Ladles' Institute— St. Teresa Insti-
tute No. 20 — Sisters: You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late past
president. Sister Mary E. Bourke. at 9:30
a. m. to-day. November 7. 1004.
. MISS KATHERINE BAXTER. President.
MRS. M. E. GANNON. Rec. Sec.
CHAVANNE— In this city, November 5. 1904,
Albert Chavanne, a native of Alsace, aged
82 years 0 months and 9 days. (Sutter Creek
papers please copy.)
(C"Remalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Funeral and Interment private.
COLLINS — A requiem high mass for the re-
pose of the soul of the late Annie Collins
will be celebrated Tuesday. November 8, at
0 a. ra. at St. Joseph's Church. Frlenda
and acquaintances are respectfully invited.
DUFF— In this city. November 5. 1904. Lillian
F.. dearly beloved and youngest child of
John and Jennie Duff, and loving sister of
John DufT, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year and 7 months.
E?"Funeral and Interment strictly private.
EDMONDS— In this city. November 5 1904.
' Stephen, beloved husband of Margaret Ed-
monds, loving father of Stephen T.. John J.,
• Lenore and Frank Edmonds. Mrs. R, H.
Flaherty and Mrs. T. C. McCarthy, and
brother of Mrs. James Regan of Halfmoon
Bay. a native of County Galway. Ireland,
aged 65 years.
Ityi-riend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1G10 Baker street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 0 a. m. Interment Holy Croes Ceme-
tery.
EM"PEY In this city, November 6 1904,
William Fletcher, beloved husband of Fannie
L. Empey. and father of William C. and
the late Edward F. Empey. a native of
Australia, aged 52 years.
IC?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
FENELIUS — In this city. November 6, 1904,
%rf>ttie May Fenelius, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Otto and Christine Fenellus, and sla-
ter of Adolph. Alfred and Eddie Fenellus
and Mrs. A. A. Herrgott. a native of San
Franclaco.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, November S at 3 p. m., at her
late residence, 2S10B Howard street between
Twenty. fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment
Odd Fellows" Cemetery. r
FITZGERALD— In this city, November 6,
1904, Major Edward FitzGerald, beloved
father of Mrs. Arthur K. Blair, a native of
New York, aged 72 years 3 months and 5
days.
FREEMAN— In this city November 6 1904,
Matilda Freeman, a native of County Wlck-
low, Ireland, aged 85 years.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth
FREIEDRICHS— In San Rafael November 6,
10O4. W. D. Freiedrichs. beloved husband of
Mrs. E. Freiedrichs.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
GARLAND— In this city. November 6, 1904,
Patrick Garland, beloved brother of Mrs.
Kate Keenan. and uncle of William Murphy
and Kitty Keenan. a native of County Long-
ford. Ireland, aged 50 years.
ET'Friend's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlor3
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
poso of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HANSEN — In this city, November 6, 1904
at her residence, 638 Chestnut street, Mar-
garet Hansin. beloved wife of Jacob Han-
sen, and mother of Charles and John H
Nelson, Mrs. J. Kerr. Mrs. M. Garrigan.
Mrs. W. J. Denahy. Mrs. P. Savage and
the late Edward Nelson, a" native of Car-
rlck-on- Shannon. County Leltrlm, Ireland.
H1LDEBRAXHT- In Alahieda, November 4.
1'JiM, Margaretha. beloved wife of the late
Henry Hildebrandt. and beloved mother of
M". James Nelson. Mrs. Dr. William C.
fchipley and William H. Hildebrandt, a na-
tive of Leeste by Bremen, Germany, aged
*j4 years 10 months and 4 days.
O'Friend* nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday). November 7. at 12:30 p. m. from
her late residence. 1023 Morton street, near
San Antonio avenue. Alameda. thence by
. electric funeral car to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery for Interment, leaving foot of Market
street. San Francisco, at 2:15 p.m.
HEYDENABER— In this city. November 5,
1901, Adella. dearly beloved daughter of An.
nle and Henry Heydenaber, sister of Marie
Heydenaber. and granddaughter of Gustave
Rastedt. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and 2 days.
lC7"FrIend8 and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 p. m., from the* residence
of her parents, (il6^4 Lombard street, near
Powell. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KING— In Berkeley. November 5. 1004. after a
brief illness. Arthur C. King, formerly of
Chicago. and Detroit, aged 59 years.
E7" Interment Detroit.
LLOYD — In this city, November 6, 1904,
Maryetta Elizabeth, beloved wlf» of Edwin
Engle Lloyd and mother of Maud Rosalea
Pool, and plster of Ada E. Hale. Anabelle
Black of Cloverdale, Maud E. Kelso and
Edgar Kelso of Santa. Rosa, a native of San
Francisco, aged 39 years.
[C7Remalns at mortuary chapel of Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission
street- .
MAHLER— In thia city, November 6, 1904.
Frank Mahler, a native of Dlttlgheim.
Baden. Germany.
tETFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Sueddeutscher Vereln are respectfully
Invited to attend . the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 p. 'm.. from the parlors of
Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission street, between
dghth and Ninth. :
McCUE — In this city. November 6, 1904, .at
¦ the residence. CO Douglass street, Harold
Michael, son of Thomas and Ella
McCue. and brother of Thomas. Vera and
the late Mary and John McCue. and nephew
. and Mrs. Edward Flood, Jennie Gavin. Mrs.
Delia Doran. and Timothy and Steve McCue,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months
and 11 days. *.•.¦¦¦'
MeNAMARA— In this city. November 6. 1904,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Bryan
McNamara, and loving mother of John F.
McNamara. Mrs. Martin Kehoe and Mrs.
i Thomas Martin, a native of County Limer-
ick. Ireland, aged 72 years and 6 months.
f£7"i''rii-inlrt ami arqimlntHno^H are iehp»->;i-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 40A Erie street, between Mission and
' Howard. Thirteenth and Fourteenth, thence
to St. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9:30 a, m. Inter-
ment . St. John's Cemetery. San Mateo. on
the arrival of 11:30 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
McQUAID^Novcmber 6., 1004, Joseph P.
McQuaid. ¦ beloved husband of Mary Mc-
Quaid. a native of Smartsvllle. Yuba County.
E7"N T oUce of funeral hereafter.
MICHAU— In this city November 5. 1004,
. Louis Mtchau. beloved husband of Mai -
Kueritte Michau. and stepfather of Albert
" Calice, a native of France, aged 53 years
' an ij_* months.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
November 8, 1904. at 10 a. m., from the
mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau. 305
. Montgomery avenue, • thence to French
Church for services. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery. Rrmalna at the parlors of J. S.
Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
MOORE— In this . city, November 6, 1904.
i ¦ Arthur Weld . Moore, beloved husband of
¦ Annie M. ' Moore, a native of Boston, aged
55 years and 11 months. (Boston,' Mass.,
papers please copy.) *
ETThe funeral will be held from his late
residence, 2520 Pacific avenue, Tuesday
morning, November 8. at 11 o'clock. In-
terment private.
MULCAHY — In this city. November 6. 1904.
Joanna, beloved wife of the late Lott Mul-
cahy, and mother of . William, Michael and
Helena" Mulcahy and Mrs. 'P. B. Roche, a
native of St. John, . N. B.. aged 81 years
: and. 0 months.
[CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
OLIVER— In ' this city, November 3. 1904,"
Manuel Oliver, a native of Azore Islands,
- aged S3 years and 13 days.
¦ |C, V> Frlenda anci acquaintances are resr^ct-
. fully .Invited to '. attend the funeral . Monday,
; November. 7, at 10. a. m.. from the parlors'
. Porter & White. 423 ¦ Golden Gate avenue.
. Interment ; . Mount'. Olivet Cemetery. -,
SCHNEIDER— In this dty. : November 6' 1904.
Martin S. ¦ Schnetder. , beloved father of i Mrs. •
R. S. Logan, Mrs. M. F. Cowden of Seat-
tle. ¦ Mrs. H. J. Slmmen. E. W. Schneider,
UITITEP STATES QOTOBHTMEMiT— Con.
Joaquin River, that lart of Section twenty-
nine itW) lying west of the San Joaquin
Klver. Sections thirty <30) and thirty-one
<ai). that part of Section thirty-two (33)
lying south of the San Joaquin River, that
I.'art of .Section thirty-three (,'M) lying ttouth
of the t-an Joaquin Klver, Section thirty-four
134) and S l-j and NW ii of Section thirty-
live; Township eight (fc) South. Range twen-
ty (20) East; Township eight (S) South,
Kar.ge twenty-one d) East: in Township
eight «8) South, Itange twenty-two (22) liasi.
Sections seven (7) to thirty-six CMi. both
inclusive. Township seven (7) South. Ranjje
twenty (20) East; in Township seven (7)
South, Range twenty-one »-l> East, Sec-
tions *lx <•>) to eleven (11), both inclusive.
Sections fourteen (14) to twenty-three C!3).
both inclusive, and Sections twenty-six i2t>)
to thirty-six (38), both inclusive: Township
elx (f) South. Uangeninettrn (13) East; Town,
thip six (0) South. Range twenty (20) East;
Township live (5) South, Range nineteen UU>
Hact; Township five (5) South, Itange twen-
ty <-C) Kast; in Township ten (10; North,
liange eighteen (IS) East. Sections one (1),
two (2). •eleven (11). twelve (12). thirteen
(13). fourteen tl4). twenty-three i23), twen-
ty-four (24). twenty-five (23). twenty-six
(20) and twAity-seven (27); Township nine-
teen 119) North, Rang« seven (?) East; Town-.
tliip twenty (20) Nor:h. Kangc seven (7) East;
in Township twenty (20) North, Kange eight
(S) East, Sections one (1) to thirty-three
<33>, both inclusive: Township twenty- four
(CD North. Kange two (2) East; Township
twenty-four (24) North. Kange three (Si
East; Township twenty-four (24) North.
K&nge four 14) East: In Township twenty
<2l') North, nange fifteen (15) East, Sections
two <2). (out d). five (0). six (0) and eight
<8); in Township twenty (20) North. Range
sixteen il6) East, Sections two (2), three (3),
eleven (11), thirteen (13) and fourteen (14);
S »i of Township twenty-one (21) North,
Range fifteen (15) East; Township twenty-
one <21) North. Range sixteen (10) East; in
Township tjventy-two (22) North. Range
fourteen (14) East, Sections three (3) to ten
(10), both Inclusive, fifteen (15) to twehty-
two (22). both Inclusive, and twenty-seven
• 27) to thirty-four (31), both Inclusive; in
TowiiFhip twenty-two (22) North. Range six-
teen <1<">> East, Sections one (1) to three (3),
both Inclusive, nine (9) to sixteen (16). both
inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight ;
<2*O. both inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty-six (3<i(. both inclusive; Township
twenty-two (22) North, Kar.pe seventeen (17) ]
East; Township twenty-two (22) North, ;
Kange eighteen (18) East; in Township :
twenty-three <2o) North, Kange fourteen
(14) East. S<>ctiuns thirteen (13), twenty-four
(24). twenty-five (25). twenty-six (2*5), twen-
ty-seven (27). twenty-eight (28), thirty-two
(32). thirty-three (33). thirty-four (34),
thirty-five CK) and thirtj-sjx (3«>); in Town- ,
ship twenty-three (23) North, Itange fifteen
(15) East. Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(IS), both Inclusive; in /Township twenty-
three (23) North. Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13) and fourteen (14); in Township twenty- i
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East. ;
Sections cne <1) to five (5). both Inclusive, ;
and Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36), j
both inclusi\e; Township twenty-three (23)
North. Range eighteen (IS) East: In Town-
fhip twenty-four (24) North, Kange nine (9) .
East, Sections ten (10). eleven (11). twelvo
(12). thirteen (13). fourteen (14). fifteen |15),
eixteen (1(5), twenty-one (21), twenty-two
(22), twenty- three (2.1) and twenty-four (24);
In Township twenty-four (24) North, Range
seventeen (17) East, Sections one (1) to four
»4), both inclusive. E Vi of Section five (5), ,
E *i of Section eight (S). Sections nine (9)
to sixteen (16), both inclusive. Sections twen-
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27), both inclu-
sive, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thirty-six (3G). both Inclusive; Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North. Range
eighteen UM Ea«-t; in Township twenty-
five <25) North, Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
teen (14). twenty-three (23). twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25); Townehlp twenty-five
(25) North. Range seventeen (17) East;
Township twenty-five (25) North, Range
eighteen (IS) East: in Township twenty-six
(26) North, Kange ten (10) East, Sections
one (1), five (5). six (O. seven (7), eight (8),
nine (»). twelve (12). N Va of Section thlr-
• teen (13). Sections fourteen (14), sixteen
(16). seventeen (17). eighteen (18). Sections
nineteen (19> to twenty-three (23), both In-
cluslxe. Sections twenty-six (26) to thirty
(30), both Inclusive, and Section thirty-five
(:;5); # ln Township twenty-six <2C) North,
Range fifteen (15) East. Sections one (1),
two (2), three (3), N >/a of Section five (5),
N Vs of Section eix (6), and Sections eleven
(11) and twelve (12); In Township twenty-
seven (27) North, Range twelve (12) East,
Sections twenty-three (23) and twenty-four
(24); in Township twenty-seven (27) North,
Kange fourteen (14) East. Section* eight (8),
nine (9), fifteen (15), sixteen (16), twenty-
two (22). twenty-three (23), twenty-four
(24), twenty-tU-e (25), twenty-six (2C), thirty-
five (35) and thirty-six 136); Township twen-
ty-eight (2&) North, Range nine (!)) East;
in Township twenty-eight (2S) North, Itatige
thirteen (13) East, Sections twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25); in Township thirty-
four (34) North, Range ten (10) West. Sec-
tions seven (7), eight (£), nine (9), sixteen
(10). seventeen (17), eighteen (18), nine-
teen «19), twenty (20). twenty-one (21).
twenty-eight (28), twenty-nine (29). thirty
(30), thirty-on* (31). thirty-two (32) and
thirty- three (33); in Township thirty-four
(34) North. Range s*ven (7) West, Sections
twenty-five (25), thirty-five (35) and thirty-
Fix (30): Township thirty-four (34) North,
Kange six (C) West: Township thirty- four
(34) North. Range five (5) West; N % of
Township thirty-four (34) North. Range four
«4) West: Townthip thirty- five (35) North.
Range five (5) West; Township thirty-five
(35) North. Range four (4) West; Township
thirty-five (35) North. Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-five (35) North. Range two
(2) West: W Ut of Township thirty-five Ctf)
North, Range one (1) West; S >a of Township
thirty-six (3«> North, Range four (4) West;
Townehip thirty-six Oi) North, Range three (3)
West; Township thirty-nix (,3t») North. Range
four (4) East; Township thirty-seven (37)
North. Kange four (4) East; Township thirty,
nine (•'») North, Range three (3) Wect;
Township thirty-nine ((39) North, Range two
(2) West; in Township forty (40) North,
Kange eight (*) West. Sections two (2), three
<3» ten (10) and fifteen (15); in Township
forty-one (41) North. Range eight (8) West,
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3). t*n (10).
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), fifteen (15). twenty-two (22), twen-
ty-three (23), twenty-four (24) twenty-five
<2'). twenty-six ¦ (2«). twenty-seven (27).
thirty-tour (34) and thirty-five (35); In
Township forty-one (41) North. Range seven
• (7) West, Sections two (2). three (3), four
<4). five (5). f=ix (C). seven (7), eight (S),
nine (9). ten (10), sixteen (16). aeventeen (17),
eighteen (IS), nineteen (19) and twenty (20);
all of Mount Diablo Meridian, California.
W. A. RICHARDS, Commissioner.
Approved: THOS. RYAN. Acting Secretary
of the Interior. 1
LEGAL NOTICES.
* "'" CHAPTER CCXI.
AN ACT TO PROVIUE FOR THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF STATE BONDS TO CRE-
ATE A FUND FOR THE CONSTRUCTION
BY THE BOARD OF STATE HARBOK
COMMISSIONERS OF A SEAWALL AND
APPURTENANCES IN THE CITY AND
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO: TO CRE-
ATE A SINKING FUND FOR THE PAY-
MENT OF 6AID BONDS; AND PROVIDING
FOR THE SUBMISSION OF THIS ACT
TO A VOTE OF THE PEOPLE.
[Approved March 20, 1903.J
The people of tbe State of California, repre-
•eaxed In senate and assembly, do
enact as follows:
Section 1. For tbe purpose of providing a
fund lor the payment ot the indebtedness here-
by authorized to be incurred by the board of
etate harbor commissioners for the erection of
a teawali and appurtenances in the city and
county of San Francisco, at a cost not to exceed
two million dollars (which said seawall and
appurtenances tbe board of state harbor com-
rcltsicners are hereby empowered to construct
In tbe manner authorized by law, and at a
cost cot to exceed said two million dollars), the
ctate treasurer shall, immediately after the
Usuance of tbe proclamation of tbe governor,
provided lor in section ten hereof, pztpare two
thousand suitable bonds of the State aX Cali-
fornia, in the denomination of one thousand
dolUr» each. The whole issue of said bonds
•hall not exceed the turn of two million dollars,
and said bonds shall bear interest at tna rat*
of four per centum per annum, from the
time of tb* sale thereof, and both principal
and Interest shall be payable in gold coin
of the preaent ctandard of value. ¦ and they
chall be payable at the office of the state
treasurer, at the expiration of nineteen .years
Jrom their date, subject, however, to re-
demption by lot as in this act hereinafter
provided. Said bonds iha.ll bear date the
rncond day of January. A. D. nineteen hundred
and five, and shall be made payable on the '
feecond day of January, nineteen hundred and
twenty-tour A. D. The Interest accruing on
tuch of raid bonds as an sold shall be dus
and payable at the olfic* . of the aald ktate
treasurer on tbe second day of January, and
on the eecond day of July, of each year after
the tale of the same; provided, that the flr.-rt
payment of Interest shall be made on th«
tecond day of January, A. D. nineteen nun- >
dred and six. on ko many of said bonds a*
may have been theretofore «old. At the ex-
piration of nineteen years .rom the date of
¦aid bonds, all bonds sold shall caase to bear
interest, and. likewise, all bonds redeemed by
let fchall ce«*e to bear interest as In this
act provided, and tbe said state treasurer shall
call in. Jorthwith pay. and cancel tho same,
out ot the moneys In the San Francisco seawall
•inking fund provided for in this act, and
he shall on the first Monday of January, nine-
teen hundred and twenty-four, also cancel and
destroy all bonds not theretofore sold. All
bonds issued shall be elgned by the governor,
and countersigned by the controller, and shall
o» endorsed by the state treasurer, and each
•hall have tfce seal of the state utamped
thereon. Each bond shall contain a cUum"
that It is subject to redemption by lot after
the year 1014.
See. 2. Interest coupons ehall be attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupon*
may be removed without injury to or mutila-
tion of the bond. Said coupons shall be con-
tecutlvely numbered, and ahull be signed by
the state treanurer. But no interest on any
of eaid bond* ehall be paid lor any time which
""¦I •? terv « ne between the date of any it
eald bonds and tbe Issue and sals thereof to
a purchaser.
' Bee. 3. The sum of one thousand dollar* is
hereby appropriated to say tha exnensa that
LEGAL 27O7ICES — Continued^
may be" incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount shall
be raid out of the San Francisco harbor im-
provement lund en controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose.
bee. 4. When the bunds authorized to be
Ifrgued under thU act. shall be duly executed,
they ehall be by the state treasurer »old at
public auction to the highest bidder for cash,
In euch parcels and numbers as said treasurer
Eliall be directed by tha governor of the state, [
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re- I
qtettlntf such sale shall have been adopted by j
the board of stale harbor commissioners; but I
i>aid treasurer must i eject any and all bid*
lor eaid bonds, or for an} 1 of them, which
ehall be below tbe par value of said bunds
to offervd; and he may, by public announce-
ment at the place and time tlxed for thx
tale continue tuch sale, as to the whole of
the 'bond* offered, or any part thereof offered,
to 6uch time and place as he may select.
Due notice of the time and place of sale
of all bonds must be given by said treas-
urer by publication In two newspapers pub-
lished in tlie city and county of fcan Fran-
cisco, and also by publication in one iwwi-
paper published in the city of Oakland, and
by publication in one newspaper published la
j tne city of Los Angeles, and by publication
in one newspaper published tn the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four week*
prior to such sale. The costs of such pub-
lication Bhail be paid out of the San Fran-
cisco harbor improvement fund, on controller's
' warrants duly drawn 'for that purpose. The
, proccede of the oale of Fuch bonds shall ba
I lorthwith paid over by said treasurer Into the
j treasury, and muet be by him kept in a sep- |
orate fund, to be known and designated as I
I the "San, Francisco Seawall Fund" and must
i be used "exclusively for the construction of
¦ teawalls and appurtenances thereto on ths
1 water front of the city and county of Saa i
i Francisco. Drafts and warrants upon said '
! :und ehall be drawn upon and shall be paid !
! out of said fund in the name manner a*
' dralts and warrants are drawn upon and paid
cut of the San FrancUco harbor Improvement
fun?.
Sec. 6. For the payment of the principal '
1 and interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be :
I known and designated as the "San Francisco !
! seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and* the sum* I
is hereby created, as follows: Tbe stattf treat- j
urer shall, on the first day of each and every !
month arter the sale of said bonds, take from I
; the San Francisco harbor improvement lund !
EUch sum as. multiplied by the time the bondj I
then sold an;l outstanding have to run, will I
equal the principal of the bonds sold and out- '
I standing at thi time said treasurer shall so tu«.»
i taid sum from said San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund, less the amount theretoforw
i taken therefrom for said purpose; and he hhall
• place the «um In the San Francisco seawall
¦ kinking fund created by this act. Said elate
I treasurer shall, on controller's warrants duly
1 drawn for that purpose, employ the moneys In
'¦¦raid sinking fund in the purchase of bonds of
i the United States, or of Ihe State of California.
I or of the several counties cr municipalities of j
i the State of California, which said bonds shall i
i be kept In a proper receptacle, appropri- I.
ately labeled; but he must keep always on
! hand a sufficient amount of money In said
j sinking fund with which to pay the lnter-
! est on such of the state bonds herein pro-
vided to be issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for the
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
improvement fund, and pay Into said seawall
¦ sinking fund, an amount equal to tbe monthly
I interest then due on all bonds then sold, de-
! livered and outstanding. The board of state
: harbor commissioners are hereby authorized and
directed by the collection of dockage, toll?,
rents, wharfage and cranage, to collect a sum
of money sufficient for the purposes of this
act, over and above tbe amount limited by
section two thousand five hundred and twenty-
I elx of the Political Code of the State of
I California. Between the first 'and the tenth
day of November, in the year nineteen hun-
dred and fourteen, and between , the first and
the tenth day of November of each year there-
after until the maturity of said bonds, the
eaid treasurer s»hall. in the presence of the
I governor, proceed to draw by lot such an
i amount of bund* as shall be ' requisite to
' exhaust as nearly as may be the* amount in
i Eaid sinking fund at that time, and shall
: thereupon and before the tenth day of De-
i cember following give notice by public ad-
i vertlsement to be Inserted twice a week for
| two weeks In two newspapers published In
¦ the city and county of San Francisco, and also
i in one newspaper published In the city of Oak-
I land, and also In one newspaper published In
1 the city of Los Angeles, and also in on«
I newspaper publlehed in the city of Sacra-
! tnento. atating the number of bonds so drawn
: and that the principal of said bonds will ba
paid on presentation to the treasurer on or
' before the second day of January, following,
-rid that from and after such last named
date all interest upon bonds thus drawn thall
cease, and lt shall be the duty of the treas-
i urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot
i are surrendered to him and paid to cancel
j the tame and the Interest coupons thereon,
i and each year beginning with the year 1UU
! tbe skid treasurer shall. In the manner afore-
! tali, proceed to draw by lot such an amount
i of bonds ar shall be requisite to exhaust as
! nearly ue may be the^amount in said sinking
i iurui, and proceed in the manner hereinabove
! stated. After the payment of all of said bonds,
the surplus or balance remaining in said sink-
' Ing fund. If any there be, shall forthwith ba
! paid into the San Francisco harbor Improve-
! ment fund. At the time of the respective draw-
I Ings by lot as atoreeaid. and also at the ma-
i turlty of said state bonds, said treasurer shall"
1 cell tbe United States or other bonds then la
1 eald sinking fund, at governing market rates,
I after advertising the sale thereof in the man-
j ner hereinbefore provided for the sale of bonds
j hereby authorized to be issued, and shall usa
: the proceeds for the payment of such bonds as
1 may be drawn by lot, and at the maturity of
1 said bonds outstanding shall pay and redeem
I said matured outstanding bonds out of said
I moneys in said fund in extinguishment of eald
' bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
i tor that purpose.
Sec. 6. The state controller and the stata
; treasurer Ehall keep full and particular account
! and record of all their proceedings under this
act. and they shall transmit to the governor
I un abstract of all such proceedings thereunder.
1 with an annual report, to be by the governor
! laid before the legislature biennially; and all*
: books and papers pertaining to the matter
! provided for in this act shall at all times be
{ open to the inepectlon of any party interested.
j or the governor, or the attorney general, or
' a committee of either branch of the legislature.
I or a Joint committee of both, or any citizen
, of the state.
Sec 7. It shall be the duty of the state
: treasurer to pay the Interest of said bonds,
I when the came falls due. out of the sinking fund
! provided for In this act, on controller's war-
; rants dsly drawn for that purpose.
| Sec 8. This act. If adopted by the people,
; Ehall take effect on tbe thirty-first day of De-
! cember, A. D. nineteen hundred and four, as
J to all its provisions except those relating to and
! necessary for its submission to the people,
j and for returning, canvassing, and proclaim-
i ing the votes, and as to said excepted pro-
; visions this act shall take effect immediately,
j Sec. 9. This act ehall be submitted to the
i people of the State of ' California for their
ratification at tbe next general election, to be
holden in the month of November. A. D.
nineteen hundred and four; and all ballots
at said election shall have printed thereon,
and at the end thereof, the words "For the
San Francisco Seawall Act." and in a sep-
arate line under the same the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act," and opposite
Eald lines there shall be left spaces in which
the voters may make or stamp a cross to
Indicate whether they vote for or against th»
said act, and those voting for said act shall
do so by placing a cross opposite the words
"For the San Francisco Seawall Act," and all
those voting against the said act ehall do so
by placing a cross opposite the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." The gov-
ernor of this state shall Include the submis-
sion of this act to the people, as aforesaid. In
his proclamation calling for said general elec-
tion.
Sec. 10. Tbe vote* cast for or against this
act shall b« counted, returned and canvassed
and declared in the same manner" and subject
to the same rules as votes cast for state
officers; and if it appear that eald act shall
I have received a majority of all the votes • cast
i for and against lt at such election, as aforesaid,
then the same shall have effect as herein-
before provided, and shall be ¦ lrrepealabla
until the principal and interest of the liabil-
ities herein created rhall be paid and dis-
charged, and the governor shall make procla-
mation thereof; but If a majority of the votes
cast as aforesaid are against this act. then
tho same shall be and become void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and ctted-
e e the "San Francisco Seawall Act."
Sec. 12. All acts and parts of acti In
conflict with tbe provisions of this act are
h>r*hy r»p>alx1.
STUTTEBIITO AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. In 8. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
TOO LATE FOR CLASSIFICATION.
HEI.P WAWTED-aAlE.
WANTED — A first-class coatmaker. Apply J.
J. SWORDS, 8070 Twenty-fourth st.
"births-marriages-deaths.
Birth, marrlaEe and death notices sent by
imall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either cf the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
cons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted elmply to *he announcement I
of the. event are published once In this column
free of charee.
BORNV ' )
ANDRESEN— In this city, to the wife of
Louis Andresen. a daughter. ¦
HORN— In this city November 2, 1004, to
tho wife of Joseph Horn, a daughter.
MAR1JLEI>.
• ALLEN — BRECKWOLDT— In this city - No-
vember 6. 1904. by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Tham. Allen to Alvlna Breckwoldt. -
~~ DIED. —
Belknap, David P. Lloyd. Maryetta E.
Bennett. Catherine . Mahler. Frank
•Bourke, Polly ¦ McCue. - Harold "M. ;
Chavanne. Albert ¦ McNamara. Catherine
* Collins, Annie . McQuald. Joseph P.
Duff. Lillian F. Michau Louis
Edmonds. Stephen Moore. Arthur "W.
Empey, Willam F, Mulcahy. Joanna
Venelius. Lottie M. V Oliver, Manuel
Mrs. L. A. Gonzalez and May Schneider, a
native of Germany, aged 60 years 8 month*
and 6 days.
SNOWGRASS— In this city. November " 5.
1904. Mr*. Jennie M.. beloved wife of the
late R. B. Snowgrass, and mother of Perils
Snowgrass. a native of Chico, Cal., aged 31
years 11 months and 1 day.
IT7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 11 a. m.. from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros.. 224-226 McAllister
street. Interment private in Holy Cross
Cemetery. .,,*.
STARK— In Alameda, November 6. 1904.
Martha C. wife of Denton D. Stark, and
sister of Rev. En-V. Prlndl* of Mansfield.
III., a native of St. Louis, Mo. (Mansfield
and Briggsville. 111., and Topeka, Kans.,
papers please copy.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday,. November 8. at 2 p. m. at her
late residence, 1418 Morton street, Alameda.
Interment private.
VON DER NIENBURG— In San Bernardino
County. Cal.. November 8, 1004, H. A. von
der Nlenburgr. beloved eon of the late Cath-
erine M. and P. N. von der Nienburg, and
brother of Mrs. G. Bulter, Mrs. G. Schroed-
er, Mrs. Hlllebrand. W. A. von der Nien-
burg, Mrs. Ida A. M. Mangels. Mrs. Johanna
Roes and the late Mrs. E. Schumann and
Mrs. H. Botger. a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 36 years 2 months and 24 days.
(New York papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,'
November 8. at 2 p. m.. from Union- square
Hall. 421 Post street, between > Powell and
Mason, where service* will be held under the
auspices of Germania Club. Remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
WEIL— In Alameda. November 5. 1904. Henry,
beloved husband of Helena Well, and father
of Benjamin, Albert, Julius, Emll and
Beckie Well. Mrs. B. Levy and Mrs. T. V.
Llchtensteln of Sacramento, a native of
Germany, aged 74 ¦ years 6 months and 12
days.
ICfFrlond."' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:15 a. m., from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 91Q Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
a. in. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
AVI ELAND— In this city November 6, 1904,
George C, beloved husband of Annie Wie-
land. and loving father of George and Al-
bert Wieland and Annie, Charles and Fred
Detjen. a native of Germany, aged 45 years
and 1C days. A member of Beer Brewers'
Union. Local No. 7.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). November 8. at 2 p. m.. from his
late regldence, 220 Thirteenth street, be-
tween MIsskm and Howard. Cremation Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
WEILL — In Bakersfleld, November 6 1904,
Adele. beloved daughter of Alphonae and
Henrietta Weill. and beloved sister of
Blanche, Irma and Laurence Weill a native
of San Francisco aged 17 years
KTInterment Tuesday. November 8 1904.
at Home of Peace Cemetery by electrio
funeral car from the ferry at 9 a. m. v- T
WOODS— In this city. November C 1904,
Fred, beloved husband of Mary E. Woods,
a e^ ot Verm °nt. aged 75 years 3 months
and 10 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 p. m., from the parlors
of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.Oldfield Falls In Record Trials.
DENVER, Nov. 6. — Barney Old
field made several trials for records
et Overland Park to-day. He failed
to reduce the mile record, and after
two attempts at the ten-mile record,
which were not completed because of
breakdowns of his machine, he made
no further effort.
Character is the only caeh that is
current in heaven.
SPRINGFIELD. IIL, Nov. «.—Offi
cials of the Illinois United Mine
Workers received reports to-day from
over the State to Uie effect that a
large percentage of the striking engi
neers have decided to accept a reduc
tion of 5.55 per cent in wages "and be
come members of the miners' organi
zation. The men will appear at the
mines Monday and ask to be rein
stated.
Win Kesrune Work in Mines.
The model yachtsmen were on hand
at Spreckels Lake with their boats
yesterday, but were again doomed to
disappointment, as the wind -failed to
come up. They stayed until late In
the afternoon, but there was not
bre«ze enough to fill the fails. All of
the fastest boats were out. including
H. London's Vamoose, William
Roeckner'e Annie, B. Jurgen's Bulle
tin. McClean*** Coronado. Jenung's
Witch and Brannon't Alice.
Vo Breexo for Model Yachts.
The Independents won from the Oak
land Hornets and the Vampires beat
the Pickwicks in the second day's
matches played yesterday for the 1904
1905 championship of the California
Association Football League. The ball
was kicked off at 2:50 p. m. at Free
man's Park, Golden Gate, in the Inde
pendent-Hornet match. The Hornets
were much weakened by the absence
from their eleven of McKenzie. their
captain, who has been suspended for
one month for rough play in the match
of Sunday.- October, 30; of Taylor, their
vice captain. Chamers and Duncan.
The team was weak in combination
and was" beaten J easilv by a score of
f ou r goal s to one.
The first goal was secured after the
ball had been five minutes in play;' but,
though the Independents had several
more shots during the first period, the
score at half time stood: Independents,
one goal ; ' Hornets, nothing.
In the second , half Holland, J. Mc-
Gregor, R. Disher, and Glllchrest ren
dered good service, ¦ but , the team was
unable to score more ¦ than one goal,
while the Independents added three
more to their account. The three Fay
brothers and Duncanson played % a
strong game. ";J.D. Robertson' was ref
eree. The match : was marked bv good
feeling • and - an absence of foul play.
day the Vampires will play a practice
game, to which all players are wel
come.
In a swift, clean game the Occiden
tals lowered the colors of . the Albions
at the Ninth and Bryant street grounds
by a score of 3 to 1. It- was neck and
neck in the first half, each side scor
ing a point. In the second half the
Occidentals began with a spurt that
was irresistible. By clever blocking
and clever kicking they landed the ball
between the Albions' goal posts in less
than ten minutes. Allen on the Occi
dentals* forward line picked the leather
from between a pair of the Albions
and - landed it squarely for a score.
Grade, the swift and clear-headed back
of the Occidentals, made the other two
goals. The teams lined up as fol
lows:
Occidentals — Goal. Rushton; backs. Milne.
Tlerney, Anderson. Allen. Matthieson: for
wards, Hayes, Grade. Hlgglns. Hodge. Tay
lor. zm&B&qsBiMwiiu <ii>fflj»r«Maffii | i»«
Albion* — Goal. Low; backs, . Martin.-- John.
Anderson. Bayne, Jooes; forwards. Bradley,
Sully. Shand. McArtbur. Whyte.
C. Williamson .... Goalkeeper Forbes
Glllchrest . . . ..... Right back Armstrong
Pomeroy Left back Antrobus
j. McGregor..... Rlgh halfback .'...Duncanson
Holland Center halfback. . . .Ballmalc
Blrd.fe.. Left halfback SIcGran
Connolly Outside right Ellis
R. Dlsher.. .Inside right. T. Fay (captain)
T. Dishes........ Center forward P. Fay
W. McGregor. • • • Inside left. ....:...... E. Fay
Mac derm Id . . .... .Outside left Hlggins
The Vampires had no difficulty in
beating the Pickwicks on the grounds
at Alameda. Henry Roberta was ref
eree and crave general satisfaction.
Robertson scored one goal for the
Vampires and Peterson made a second
from a penalty kick. The Pickwicks
did not score at all, the Vampire goal
keeper enjoying a sinecure. Had W. T.
Bowcock not kept goal • efficiently for
the Pickwicks the Vampire score would
have been much greater. The winners
scored two goals, the losers nothing.
The teams lined up in the following
positions: ;•
Vampires. Positions. "_-. ' Plckwicka.
Rolfe ......Goalkeeper.. .W. T. Bowcock
Lees..... .Right back... A. E. Bowcock
Petersen Left back < -. . . . Kerwin
Glarner . ......... Right halfback. .... . Watters
Harwood........ Center halfback Bowden
Jaques . . . Left halfback. _ . . Buchly
C. Lecoutleu . . . .'.' Outside right ....... Cockro ft
E. Lecoutleu. : . . . Inside . right. ....... . .McKee
Ramsden. . . . . . .. Center forward. . ... ...Banks
Robertson. ...... Inside left. ... ...... .Warr«n
Wilding. . . .•.".'. . . Outside left. ...... . .Williams
On their ground at Alameda on Tues-'
The teams lined up in the following po
sitions:
Oakland
Hornets. Positions. Independents.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL TEAMS MEET
Both games did not draw a corpor
al's guard. In fact, it was the meas
liest looking bunch of fans that has
shown at the Eighth street lot on a
Sunday afternoon this season. There
was no interest and those who did
drop in came possibly out of curiosi
ty. The only lively feature was a talk
ing match In the first inning for which
Nadeau and Beck were banished to
the bench.
The Brownies started off with two
in the first spasm and might have won
had not Beck and Nadeau waxed too
strong in their argument with Mr.
Brown about Irwin's long hit to left
field which scored Hlldebrand. They
both contended the ball was foul, but
The Brownies in second twice
yesterday when "they hooked up with
the Seals. In the morning, they were
outhlt in a contest of the bats and
finished 11 to 5. In the afternoon
they played baseball that' was a shade
worse than that handed out by the
trailing Seals, the score on that occa
sion beine 5 to 2.
Have a Cliance.
Brownies V\ay Ragged Ball and Nerer
TAVO GAMES FOR THE SEALS.
Marksmen are looking forward to
the closing rifle contest, which will be
held at Shell Mound Park on Sunday
next under the direction of Captain L.
Siebe. The prpgramme offered Is a
liberal one and many foremost marks
men have already entered the list of
competitors. The scores follow:
California Schueuen Club, monthly niedjjl
•hoot: First champion class— A. Strecker. *-•.
21S; O. A Bremen 217, 21«. Second champion
class— C. Meyer. 222. 21S: George Tammeyer.
218. 202: F. A. Kuhls. 217: A. Rahwyljr. 197.
214; J. L. Utschlr. 2O4. 204: T. J. Carroll,
197; P; Jacoby. 1*4. 153; William Eaf"!!* 0 "*
145 First class — William F. BJasse. 222. 2f«;
Mai KoUnder. 2tt>; O. M. Barley 202. 19O;
A. Utschl*. ISO. 1S1. Secrod cUw»-Ij. J. Reu
bold. 212. 190; A. von WyL 206. 182: I* C.
Babin. 205; A. Studer, =02, 201: J. C. Waller.
133. 160; M. F. Hartter. 190; F. Suter. \>X
106. Third class— T. Slmmen. 215: I*. Thler
bach. 213. 190; G*or*-e- Rlschrauller. 210. 1S5;
LTwiUe* 205, 1SS: H. Scheunert 192. 1*8;
Charles Sagehorn. 137, 1*3: M. Reubold. 159:
William Kolden. 146. 136: F. C. Hagenip, 157.
13t>. Fourth class— F. J. Pov«T. lOo. 1MT;
Adair. Brehm. 192. 1«8; F. Werlen. 1S9. 1S2:
CM. Roosaean. 1S9. 1G0: L. Rink. 183. 15«;
John Boiler. 173. 161: Joseph Gassner. 167.
158; C. von Hartwljr. 159: C. Sonnlcss«n. 13*.
10O- A. Henclnirs, 97. Unclassified— G. W.
Maxwell 197. 106; H. Bornholdt. 193. 100: O.
Nolte. 170. Cadets— F. H. Bremer. 214. 211.
Pistol annex— William F. Blasse. 91. 83:
GWcre Barley. 89. 85; M- F. Blasse, 84. 84;
F J Povey. 82. 81: Joan Boiler. 85. 77: Johi
Cl Waller. 71, 39, 34, 56; A. Tardel, «8; O.
A. Strecker was high man In the first
champion class with 227 rings and
Chris Meyer with 222 carried off the
honors in the second champion claas.
William F. Blaise led his comrades
at the pistol target with a score of 91
rings. He was closely pressed by
George M. Barley, who nnlahed with 89
to his credit.
F. Werlen and A. Hlnteman of the
Grutli Club broke even wtth 403 rings
each in their medal string, their near
est competitor being T. Slmmen, who
had S95 to his credit.
Schuetzen Park was crowded with
marksmen who assembled yesterday to
take part in the regular monthly medal
contests of their clubs. The day was
an Ideal one for rifle shooting. The
light was good and just enough wind
prevailed to carry the powder smoke
from the range.
STRECKER STILL IN RARE FORM
Oakland Tumar Schuatzen. monthly m«dal
shoot — H. WlndmuBer. first -class medal. 392;
B. Brunje. seccnd-class medal. 2S9: O. Mel
necke. third -cla»a medal. 230. Th« «oore«: H.
H. Kleinenbrolch 31L Paul Cth 228. F. Mtati
332. A. C Arendts 229. H. Krack* 222. H.
Windmnller .08. B. Brunje -144>4. H. Kleinen
brouch-^lSOH. -
State fhoot. Company A. First Reirlment Vet
eran Beserre three ranees. 20O. 3CO aad 30»
yards. fiv» shots «ach. total percentage— J.
Donovan 204, E. K. Sherborne 172. Corporal W.
Duesler 124. M. M. McKewaa 100. C. W.
Chalmen 84. E. N*. Carr T6, C Tallaon 60.
Lieutenant Darnall «0. E. M. Warren 48, E.
Loker 24.
range at Shell Mound Park. Th* tot
lowing scores were made:
Deutreher Krelgex Vereln: Second champlcn
class, 210 yards, two scores, ten shots each —
H. Kletnenbroueh. 173. 1O: P. Hopkins. 12*
175; Dr. B. Roche. 21. 76; H. Wlndmuller. IS"..
186: J. Kobby.201. 217: W. A. Siebe. 174. 17-'.;
F. Mante. 190. 165; R. S. Wixson. 1«S. 204; W.
W. Thompson, 163. 173. Best first shot, J.
Kobby. 23: best last shct. W. A. Slebe. 22.
First clas»-^J. C. Rina-er. 103. 133; A.
Thompson. 159 182; E. J. Farter. «©. 93: M.
LytJen. ilS. 1«; Paul Paulson. 174. 1S2;
Charles Pries. S3. Ill: Lewis R. Murphy. 172.
150; C. Ottcn, 153. 133. Best Urn shot, C. Ot
tens, 22; be«t last shot. M. Lytjen. 23.
Second class — R. C. Holmquist. 14«. 13O;
William Gills. 153. 174: F. M. Burr. 152. ITS;
H. Transbers «3. »: L. A. Frates. IT*. 1*7:
David Gills. 72. 122: H. McKenley. 117. Ml:
B. Bnmje. 148. 20O: U V. Frata*. 163. 1S2: H.
Wobber, 149. 143; J. Lca-oe. 193. 210: C Iver
son. «2. 143: H. Kofod. 137. 83: O. Paalsen 1O*.
151; 'W. Peterscn. 174. 145: H. Loeffler. 143.
111/ Best first shot, H. Wobber. 23; best last
shot. B. BroaJ*. 23.
Third clan. 50-yard r*£«e— H. P. KMnker.
206. 202: J. Guttenberser. 217. 134: H. .VcjrU
193. 140: F. Kexter. 142. 174: W. H«tas, 187.
163: C. Thlele. 48. 83: H« Paulsen, 131. 177: F.
Stolte 139. 1S3: T. Neuwlrtb, 149, 159; *". Do
pUssea. 1S5. 202. H. Bruns. 16«. 17»: A. Klr
kaldl 174. 1SS; A. Krausd. 1S2. 179: F. Krause.
156. 171; H. Holstlea. lOfl. 133; C. Jacobsen.
176. 1S3: L. Detaversne. 201. 189: F. Llndter*.
191. 139: G. Sklnaor. 204. 1S5: F. Emery. 81.
25: A. Schullerts. 160 1&»: T. GarameU 187.
2C5; G. Althausen. 138. ICG: Dr. C. E. rarnsaa.
1S2. 153; W. Mahl. US. 101; B. Sehallerts W.
•163; J. Kenner. 1S3. 210: A. LUbseher, 177.
191. Best first shot. A. KirialJl. 24; bea« Ust
shot. H. P. Kltnker. 23. •
The Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle
Club, the Deutscher Krieger, the Oak
land Turner Schuetzen and Company
A. Veteran Reserve. National Guard
of California, spent yesterday on th?
W. Maxwell. 78; H. Bornholdt. 59; A. Hen
nlnz». fiS. 1U: O. A. Bremer. «0; Certs M»yr.
79. 7»: Georse Tamzneyer. S4. 81: T. J. Car
roll. 76. 73; Phllo Jacoby. "4. Tl: C von
Hartwly. 55.
San Francisco Grutli Shooting Sectloc,
monthly medal shoot: First champion c!*-•• —
A. Studer. 3*9. Second champion eU-** —A*.
Hioterman 403. T. Stmxnea 393, O. R. Hauser
373. J. Bachmann 353, L. Hauser 321. First
elajta —F. Wer!en 403. O. Imrtorf 339. SeceM
clan*—Charles Mueller 350. F. Iten 837. W.
WsUs 2C2. A. Gysin 20«.
BuMseye scores —W. Weiss. T. Simmea. F".
Werlen. A. Studer. L. Hauser.
Adam Drehm trophy —W. Weiss.
Riflemen at Shell Mound.
E. J. McCarthy's greyhound. Little!
Dainty, which was bet on at 50 to 1 in
the long odds book yesterday at Union
Coursing Park, won the reserve stake,
defeating Kenry Spring's The Rival
handily. The latter failed to score a
point. He was unfortunate in getting
hard running in the semi-final round.
Valley Pride led and defeated
Panoche in the deciding course for the
clu.jis event. .
The hares were a strong lot and in
teresting triaJs resulted. The day's re
sults with Judge P. J. Reilly's official j
scores follow:
Class stake— Valley Pride beat Pomona, 3-2;
La Rosa beat Frtiky Barbera. 5-4; Panoche i
brat Richard Aston. 6-3; Quita beat Lucy
Cla'r. 1S-2.
tstcond round — Valley Pride beat La Rosa.
4-3: Panoche a bye. Quita withdrawn.
Deciding course— W. T. Raugnt's Valley
Pride (Rocker- Little Wonder) beat E. Scott's
Panoche (Promise Me-Freda C), 6-2.
Reserve ftake— Rich Array beat Confident.
3-0: False Alarm beat Aggie W, 6-5; Concord
Tralee beat Trickty. 9-3; Gold Chain beat Sky
Van. 7-0; Miss Lucille beat Texas JUU 7-5:
Crawford Belle beat Miss Green. 10-2: The Ri
val beat Lord Brazen. 3-2; Polk* Dot beat Vor
Gold. 7-5: fna. beat Sylvester, .1-2; Cubanola
beat Idaho Boy 1O-S; Paul Dunbar beat The
Delta. 5-O; Reckless Acrobat beat lone Hill.
12-10- Mi Aniigo beat Story's Sister. 10-1;
Don Pedro a bye. Real Pasha withdrawn;
AdtTiis beat Amelia. 12-0; Belle Marie beat
Glaucus, 11-S: Prompto a bye. Edenvale with
drawn- Runaway Actress beat Presto. 28-2:
Frisco Lad t*-at Dorothy M. 5-4; Gotden Garter
beat Iodine. 1O-0: Colored Lady beat Laboring
Boy. 4-3: Little Dainty beat Texas Black Lips.
7-1- Tr«lee Boy beat ?ir Wlntcn. 4-2: Rasppd
Actor beat Shadow. 19-5; .Wild Norah beat Mol
[ie Me 8-4: John Heenan beat Siroc. 5-3; Red
Rock beat Liberator, 8-7; Golden Fortune beat
Royal Spirit, fe -3. -'" ' „. ». ,
Second round— Fal«e Alarm beat Rich Ar
ray. 5-3; Concord Tralee beat Gold Chain, 5-*;
Miss Lucille beat Crawford Belle, 5-0: The
Rival heat Polka Dot. &-2: Una beat Cuban
ola «-l: Reckless Acrobat beat Paul Dunbar.
18-4: Mi Am!(o beat Don Pedro. 5-O; B*»e |
Marie beat Adcr-is, 12-1; Prompto beat Run- (
away Actnra. C-4; Frisco Lad beat Golden
Garter 7-2; Little Dainty beat Colored L«dy.
3-2- Tralee Boy a bye. Ra&sed Actor with
drawn: Wild Norah beat John Heenan. 6-0;
Red Rock beat Golden Fortune, ft-4.
Third round— Concord Tralee beat False
Alarm 2-0; The Rival beat Miss Lucille. 4-0;
Una. a bye. Reckless Acrobat withdrawn: Belle
Marie beat Mi Amlro. 16-S; FriscoLad beat
Prompto I2-«: Little Dainty beat Tralee Boy.
10-2: Wild Xorah beat Red Rock. 6-2.
Fourth round — The Rival beat Concord Tra
le* 4-O; Una a bye. Belle Marie wlthdrawnr
L'.Ule Dainty beat Frisco Lad, 8-0; Wild
Norah a bye. i'Ttl 2'
Fifth rouad— The Rival beat Una, 12-8:
Little Dainty beat Wild Norah. 12-0.
Deciding course — E. J. McCarthy's Little
Dainty mocker-Gallant Joe) beat Henry]
Fpring's Th<» Rival (Fortuna Favecte-Dawn),
12-O. ' —^ i
» m •
BOLD ATTEMPT IS 31ADE
TO COMMIT FOUL MURDKR
Mexican Is Dragged From Restaurant,
Beaten and Knocked Uncon
scious Witli a Brick. '^;
~LOS ANGELES,""Nov. 6.— Manuel
Levas, a well known Mexican of the
middle class, is dying at the County
Hospital from Injuries inflicted upon
him in a mysterious manner by an
other Mexican, whose Identity is as
mysterious as is the motive for the |
murderous attack- Levas entered . a i
North Main street restaurant before
daylight this morning anfl was seat
ed at a counter. Suddenly an un
known Mexican ran into the place, j
grabbed Levas by the throat and j
dragged him bodily into the. street. . j
Levas broke away from his assailant :
and started to run, but made no out- j
cry or cal1 I or help. The other man I
pursued and while running picked up j
a brick, which he threw at Levas. The
missile struck him upon the back of I
the head, crushing the skull. Levas j
fell and the other man examined him I
and then, after kicking ¦ the uncon
scious man several times, the un
known made, his escape. The nolice
were upon the scene in less than a
minute, but the would be murderer
had mounted a horse on another
street and made his escape.
Vina showed her heels to a field of
fast greyhounds in. the. class stake at
Ingleaide Coursing Park yesterday, de
feating High Born in the deciding
course after a trial that proved the
gameness of the daughter of the grand
old courser, Connemara. The favorite
players selected Vina and laid 4 to 5
that she would beat High Born. The
latter had many supporters and when
the dogs were slipped the betting was
even.
Pasha Plesant ran gamely in the re
serve eveat and succeeded in lowering
the colors of the short end. Mount
Eagle, in the deciding course.
Following are the day's results in
detail:
Reserve stake, tMrd round — Concord Boy
bfat Miss Domestic; -Mount Eagle a bye; For
est Fire beat Belle Ltoyd; Commercial Trav
eler beat Jerry Wright; Blue Craig beat
Doreen; Pasha Pleasant a bye; Kintla beat
Bob H; Purser beat Little Mercy.
Fourth round — Mount Eagle beat Concord
Boy; Commercial Traveler beat Forest Fire;
Pa«ha Pleasant beat Blue Craig; Klntla beat
Purser.
Fifth round— Mount Eagle beat Commercial
Traveler; Pasha Pleasant a bye.
Lwciding course — I.. M. Conneirs Pasha
Pleasant <EmIn Pasha-Mamie Pleasant) beat
E. Janlckl'n Mount Eagle (War Eagle-Young
Mount Belle).
Claw stake, first round— Mellinwood beat
Dexter B; High Bern beat Queen's Motto;
Jigamaroo beat Old Ironsides; Loretta beat
Icellus; Ouida beat Good as Gold; Bright Co
lumbia beat Young Johnny Rex; Sofala beat
Lltthf Plung-r: Eagle Bird beat Free From
Flaw; Bacrac-.ento Boy beat Rapid Water; Vina
b^at Cranberry Sauce; Clover Blossom beat
Northern Alarm; Ready Address a bye; Shot
gun beat Fair Flying; Dear Gas ton beat Tom
Hurlick; Remtsso Antmo beat Doc Burns; Con
roy beat Frisky Boy.
Second round— High Born a bye; Loretta beat
Ji«ran-i.iroo; Bright Columbia beat Oulda; Eagle
Bird beat Sofala: Vina beat fiacranwntb Boy;
Ready Address beat Clover Blosscm; Dear Gas
ton beat Shotgun; Conroy a bye.
Third rcund — High Born beat Loretta; Eagle
Bird beat Bright Columbia; Vina, beat Reajy
Address; Conroy a bye.
Fourth round — High Born beat Efcgto Bird;
Vina beat Conroy.
Deciding course — Georg- Perry's Vina (Con
nemara-Dlnah) beat G. Shaman's High Born
(Fetter Free Imp-Highborn Lady).
¦ ? «
JIM XEIL RETURNS HOME
AFTER A LONG PILGRIMAGE
Another Meeting Is Arranged Between
Frankie and Bowker, the Eng
lish Bantam-Weight.
Jim Neil, father of Frankie Neil, the
iboxer, returned home yesterday from
kibroad. If Xeil and Bowker, the Eng
lish champion, are not matched in
this country they have agreed to fight
on' Derby night, June 17, in the Al
hambrar London.
Neil told the English referee that
he thought his son should at least
have had a draw. He had a lead in
the first ten rounds, and was strong
at the end of the fight. ¦?
The referee explained his decision
Ingenuously, saying: "Your boy
swung repeatedly and missed. Now, if
you were shooting at a bird and
j missed that would be one for the
! bird, wouldn't it?"
\ Jim hasn't quite figured out the sim
lie yet-
Brooklyns Defeat La Unions,
j The Brooklyns defeated La Unions
! at football on the Presidio athletic
j grounds yesterday afternoon by a score
| of 6 to 0. La Unions attribute this
j crushing defeat to a lack of practice
land their playing fully justifies this
excuse. All the points were made in
I the first half. The teams were made
up of: . -
La Unions — McKenzie, long, Thompson. Ni
ger, Meulton. Clarkson, Whitney, Bortnann.
Pascher, Browning and Adams.
Brooklyns — Littleton. Beckhard, Xlckletts, Ri
ger, Conrad!. Hurllhy. HXlllard. ¦ Simpson,
Smith, ZleJta, WalSsh, Sullivan and Jones. ¦
¦ ' ?.". ¦
You cannot • do God's work and
walk your own way. *
Stolen base — Smith. Error — Smith. Three
base hit — Overall. Sacrifice hits — Lynch. Ca
sey, Graham. First base on error — Tacoma.
Left on bases— Los Angeles 5. Taccma 3. Bases
on balls — US Mason 1, off Overall 3. Struck
out— By Mason 3, by Overall 1. Double plays
Toman to Chase to Chance: Cmsey to Lynch
to Nordyke. Passed ball — Spies. Wild pitch —
Overall. Hit by pitched ball — McLaughlln.
Time o£ same — One hour and forty minutes.
Umpire — Perrlne. -•'•- v
SUMMARY,
Totals. 32 2 6 27 14,
•Brashear batted for Toman In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Log Anseles 100000 0 1 0—2
Base hits...... 3 01000011— tf
Tacoma... 0 0 10 0 110 0 — 3
Base hits 01200230 0 — *8
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 6. — The close
ness of the league race and the fact
that Tacoma and Los Angeles were
tied with Oakland for the lead at
tracted the greatest crowd to-day that
ever witnessed a ball game in this city.
Approximately 9000 people crowded
the stands and overran the field. The
game was one of the hardest fought
contests of the season and went to Ta
coma by the score of 3 to 2. Overall
and Mason both pitched "great ball and
their support was gilt-edged. Captain
Flood, who was on the bench, saw
fit to protest against Perine's decision
In calling Smith out at first, when to
all appearances he was safe. Perine
ordered the captain off the grounds.
Timely intervention by Manager Mor
ley and some of the players prevented
a possible fight on the diamond be
tween the captain and the umpire.
Doyle's catch of Chance's drive to deep
left center in the eighth saved the
game for Tacoma. It was one of the
best bits of fielding seen here during
the present series. Score:
' Los Angeles— , Taccma —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd, of S 1 13 01 Doyle, cf 4 O O 3 O
Chase. 2b 4 12 2 1 Shehn. T.b 4 12 16
Smith. 3b 4 0 2 2 3 Casey. 2b 3 0 0 15
rhance.lb A 0 0 10 « Nrdyk.lb 4 0 1 15 0
Crvath.rt 4 0 11 o Lynch, a. 3 0 1 1 3
Reiss. U. 4 0 0 1 SM'Lffn. 1(2 0 10 1
.Toman »3 0 0 2 3'Grahm, c2 O 0 5 3
Spies, c.. 3 0 0 6 S'Horan. rf 3 2 2 1 O
Mason p 2 0 0 O " Overall, p 3 0 1 0 2
•Brashear 10000J
Totals. 2S 3 8 27 20
Greatest Crowd of Season Sees the
Tigers Win, 3 to 2.
Some interestfngr and exciting- tour
nament tennis matches were played
yesterday on the California and park
mun.5. The clubmen- finished their
handicap doubles tournament com
menced on the previous Sunday, while
the public court players started a
similar even.*.
The I>irectore' cup*, which were of
fered by the California Club a little
bver a y?ar ago, were won for the
third arid last time by Herbert Long
and George Janes.
In the final match the opposing
teams were Will Collier and Carl
Gardner and Janes and Longr. They
met on even terms and Gardner and
Collier were defeated in three straight
sets. The first two sets were exceed-
Ingty close, but Janes and Long were
Readier than their opponents, and
won out. In the first set Col'ier and
Gardner were within a i>oint of set
•ix time?. Th»y had 5-3 and vantage
three times, 1,-4 and vantage and 6-5
and vantage twice. In the second set
they led at 3-1 and vantage, but lost
five out of th* next six games. The
third set Long and Janes won easily.
Of the thirty-two teams entered in j
th<» r>«rk tournament but eight were
left when darkness *"et in. Long and j
Jan^8, the winners of the last tourna- j
ment, are still in the competition, and
If they flay us they did yesterday.
f-tar.d a g-ood chance of beating such
teams as the B«iker brothers. Whit
ney and Griffin and Foley a.nd Dunlap j
Mpre both beaten. The scores follow:
Park: Preliminary round — Ha.ll ami Hctwpy
'I.'.t l*»al Versano an<J Martin (15 3-G), «>-4, 4-6.
*-«; I>faon and Code i3-€> best Mania and
P*<-k US), $-4, «_3 : Lovesrove a.r.4 Kul>r <15)
>>*i.f Allan brother* «!-). 6-4. 6-3; Jza~r and
Lacs <owe 15) tx*t Hall brother* <15) by <!e
rfcult; Guerin * brothers <ltij beat Roche an<i
Hi rton <»cralch>, *-3. «-4: Hamilton and
P.-»-h<» fSnt beat MlllT and Turner <15 3-tii.
»-«. «>-2. 6-4; Fcler and I>tinlap <ow« 15) heat
Sweeney and Tru!len**r i3O> *-4. 6-2: Baker
brother* (o»e ¦ 15) b^at G*tx and Sincle^oa
*15S-*;». *-4. ft-4; OanJner and GaJjrr.e'i
ifcratch) b^at Hdwarti* and Joteph <l5 3-«)"
hy default: Davi» and J. Baker il5 3-^) b^at
Finn and Lszcna. i!5 3««) br default: prolla.
and Mann <3-€) beat Otl* and McDuffle (3-C>.
4-«, 6-2. ft-2; WhStsey and Grlffln (owe 10)
b»at H«chki«» brothers by deiault: Brabant
and P-'. n-.r. (scratch) beat Martin and
Ht«TT.» < 13 3-C). «-2. 6-3 ; Major Van Vllet and
Captain Jewri! ¦¦'.-•;> b*at Rotith and l^nrit
c&-*) by defasit; Lone and Gabriel <3-«> beat
Teller and Parr «-«». *-<>, 6-4: F. Adams and
L.ytton (3-6) beat Creightcn and Allan (30),
*-«. 6-2
Flrrt rtnjsfl— Kail aad Sobey (!.'.> beat Code
&ad lywaon (36). <H-*. 7-5: Jaae* and L*m*
<<yw* 15) beat Ix*retr<yre and teller <15). 9-7.
A-4: Ouerin brothers (15) beat Hamlltm and
Roch* '30). «-«. «-l: Baiter brothers (owe 15)
' beat T*oley and Danlap (owe 15>. ft-3. ft-4 ;
Drolla and Mann <3-«) beat 'Whitney and Grtf-
Bn <owe 15>. 4-<5. 7-r>. 9-7: Brabant an*! Flnn»
ean ijw-ratch) beat Van Vliet and Jewell (3-<).
«-3. 7-5; I>?n« and Gabriel (3-6) beat Adam«
*nd Ivjttoa «-«). 6-3. 4-6. 14-12.
California Cluh, »ffii-flna1» — Collier anl
Gardner (owe 15* beat M. L/m? and Kenyon
<2-«). 6-3. 6-2.
Flr^Ie — U. tocr and Janes (owe 15) beat
Col'ier and Gardner (owe 15). 1O-8. 6-4. 6-2.
LONG AND JANES WIN
TENNIS CUPS.
Little Dainty Captures Reserve^ Stake
at Long Odds at Union Park,
Vina Shows Her Heels to-Fast Dogs
at ingleside Coursing Part, -
Clever Playing Is Seen
At California Club Courts
GREYHOUNDS ON TWO FIELDS
THOMAS A. DRISCOLL. POLOIST OF BURLINGAME COUNTRY CLirB. WHO )
PERrKJRMED IN YESTERDATS GAMK AND WHO SUPPLIED ONE OF THE
INCIDENTS WHICH THRILLED TH E SPECTATORS. 1 I
First race, six fnrtonirs. f«Ulna— Ootdsplrsk
104. J Ed Grillo 107. Henry Lyons 99. Atn
lone 100 Ma*s1* Leeber 100. Ida. D*n» 100.
Dusky 100 Determination 104, Tennagent ico.
Mai Lowefy 1<M Union Labor 98, My Jane 5K>,
Sir Andrew 1P4. Outfl«l« «».
Second rac«. mil*. pur»e— The Kj«ent 101.
Apple 97. Jigger 108, Sir Gallant 101. \ariora.
94 Just So 04, Mlea Doy'.e 97, Coruscate UOo.
Third race, five rnriorgs. selling— Allco
LloiM 1M. Malvtna M. Owen 96. Su*«nne R«
caraora fhJ Dlxelle 101. S*Mt Maid 104. Don
dolet 9«. Royal Legend 110. HIM Duke 101.
Annie Chapman 104. Helen Hlmea 101. Misrcx
104. Sincerity Belle 102. The Pet 10*.
Fourth race. »teeplechaae. the Clabnouse.
stak« — Western Dcke 13S Trenct the Mere 139.
Rip 153 Two X 123 Beaea 143. Sam P»m»r
14S. Sch'warzwald 154. Allegiance 123. Susoaivl
125, Laura K 133.
Fifth race. flv« and a half far'.ongs. purw —
Dr. Brady 100. Fox Hunting 103, Yorkshire
1C8 Stearling Price 100, Harpoon 10*. Sauls
berry 103. Colonel Jim Douglas 103. Perry
WIckes 103 Python 1<»3. The Englishman 10CJ.
J. B. Smith 103. Barker Harrison 100. Drexel
103. Thedramtn ICO. *
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth mllee. sell
ing Goo Goo 9«. Mr. Fanram 10©. Era Claire
90. King of the Valley 107. Drumraor.d ICC
Kllmorle 93 Reckoner 95 Alfred C 100. Frivol
95 Annie William* 100, Hopeful MIm S3.
Prince of Pllsen 101.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 6. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Latonla fol
low:
;latonia entries.
— CharadetlA 102. Lyslstrata. 102. Lucy Touns
102 Floralla 109. Be&la 119. Campo 102. Clover
land ICO, Sufferance 10». Madam Satan 102.
Pirate Polly ICO. Mlrtale** 109. Myopia. ltt#.
Nellie Russell 1O. Rare Mu»lc 102. Jennie Me-
Cabe 1C«. Hlgit Life 1C2. Inspiration 102. <F!o
ralla and beal*. Paget entry >
NEW YORK, Nov. 6.— Eight days
more of racing and the season of 1&04
in this State will have passed into his
tory. Aqueduct has done exceedingly
well since its opening on Thursday last
The election day handicap will be the
feature of Tuesday's card, the associa
tion adding $2500. This will call out
the best horses in training. Among
them are Israelite; Orthodox, whose
mile in 1:33 on Thursday was a stun
ning performance; Dolly Spanker,
Africander, Grenade, whose race on
Saturday was a tiptop performance:
Gunfire: New York, which will eet in
light, and Mineola, which has learned
to go farther than was anticipated.
The entries for to-morrow's races fol
low:
First race, six furlon?s. handicap, two-year
old*— Merry Lark 110. Kin? Cole &!. Cairn
gorm 112. Austin Alien 6S. Xovsna IC. Suffer
ance S3, Santa Catallna 113. Fleur de Marie
102. Flyback 1C«. Calmness 00. Araberjack 88.
Second TtLzt, one ar.d five-sixteenth miles, purse
— Midshipman 91. GlUten US. Sir Ship 9«>. An
rumaster 104, The Southerner 88, Cloverland
111, Cralirdarroch 104. Bouvter 92. Brooklynlte
91. Key Note 101.
Third race, seven . furlongs, th* Woodmere,
yelling — Damoa 110. Palette 05. New York 108.
Crown Prince 10O. Lord of the Valley 103.
Charles Elwood 108. Lord Badse IPO. Scotch
Plume 104. Toung Henry 110. Gay Boy US.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs^ handi
cap — Ascension liS. Ocean Tide 112. Graceful
112 Mimosa 110. Mamie Worth 119. Little Em
121* Santa Catallna 106, Thistle Heather 102.
Fleur de Marie HO.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Pennant 98.
Th* Captain 101. Prince Cnln«r 106. Arsenal
100, Ducbe«s OUte 105, Funnyside 94. Arietta
'A>. Daisy Green 103. Knobhampton 104. Lord
Advocate 1M, Juvenal Maxim ft". Reliance 97.
Schoolmaster lOti. Signet Ring 93, Thespian SW.
Brunswick 103. Morokanta 106, All Right V2.
Olaf M. Unqua 9S.
Sixth race, flvo furlongs, two-year-old lilies
IJOYLE'S CATCH BEATS ANGELS
Stolen baaes — Hlldebrand (2), h'pencer (2).
Meany. Irwln, Runkle. Van Buren. Waldron.
Anderson. Errors — Beck <2>. Krug <2), Spen
cer. Nadeau. Two-base hits — Nadeau. AVal
dron. Sacrifice htta — Hildebrand. Wheeler,
Anderson. First base on errors — San Fran
cisco 5. First base on called balls — Oft "Wheel
er 5. Left on bases —^an Francisco 4, Port
land 6. Struck out— By WheeUr <i. , Doubla
plays — Van Bureo, un»s*!st&dv Wilson to' Ir-.
win; Gochnaner to Anderson t» Van" Buren.
¦Wild ' pitch — Wheeler. Time of 'game — 1 :5<>.
Umpire Brown.
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Drnan,cf 4 111 0 Hldbd.lf 4 2 2 2 O
Spncr. 2b 3 1 1 3 2 Meany.rf 5 2 3 1 O
Nadau.lf 5 0 14 i»i Irwln >.b 5 12 12
Beck, lb S 1 !10 tVVnBn.lb 5 O O 7 V
Kniff. 3b 4 O l> U 3,Waldn.cf 5 2 1 2 O
Rnkle.ss 4 0 4 4 1 Andsn.2b 4 12 4 2
Frary.rf 2 0 0 1 <» Wilson, e 4 12 7 3
Kallky.c 4 111 1 Gchnr.ss 3 2 13 3
Ib-rg ,p 4 1 2 0 5 Wheelr.p 3 0 10 3
Butler. plOOOO ¦
! Totals. 38 11 14 27 18
Totals. 34 5 12 24 12 '
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Portland O 1 1 0 O 0 O 2 1 — 3
BaM.hlts 2 111110 3 2—12
San Francisco 4 10 1113 0 x— It
Bue hits 2 2 12 12 4 0 x— 14
SUMMARY.
The Seals settled the morning game
in the first inning, when they got to
Mr. Ham Iberg for four runs. The
score:
Portland — I San Francisco —
Seals Slug Hard.
By the N«w York Mornlny TtWraph.
First race — Henry Lyons, Athlone,
Dusky.
S*"cond race — Just So. Jigger. The
Recent.
Third race— Royal Legend, Annie
Chapman, Suzanne Rocamora.
Fourth race— Sam Panner, Rip,
Trend the Mere.
Filth race— Saulsberry, Harpoon, J.
B.. Smith.
Sixth race — King of the Valley, Goo
Goo. Hopeful Miss.
Condition of the track — Fast.
LATONIA SELECTIONS/
By the New York Morning TVlegraph-
First race— Santa Catallna, Suffer
ance, Flyback.
Second race— The Southerner, Glis
ten. Midshipman.
Third race — Crown Prlnce» Gay Boy,
Damon.
Fourth race — Little Em, Thistle
Heather, Mimosa.
Filth race — Juvenal Maxim. Daisy
Green, Arsenal.
Sixth race — Pirate Polly, Inspira
tion. Lucy Young.
Condition of the track— Fast.
AQUEDUCTT SELECTIONS.
Handicapper Horace Egbert of the
New California Jockey Club has an
nounced the weights for the opening
handicap to be run at Oakland race
traclc-siext Saturday. The event is at
one mile with $2000 add«d. It has at
tracted a fine field.
Dainty, a mare that performed in
brilliant style on the New York tracks
this season, is assigned the top Impost
of 125 pounds. Claude, the frequent
Derby winner, is next on the list with
123.
Among other leading candidates are:
Martinmas, Gold Money, Elliott.
Stroller,- Bombardier. Letola, Beau Or
monde, Honiton. Fossil, Vesuvian, Ana
nias and Arcade-
Much interest is being shown in the
handicap, which will be the feature of
an attractive card. Following are the
weights:
Dainty 123 Ev«* 0 107
Claude 123 Ananias 107
Kenllworth 117 Eetola 10*
Gold Money 116 Bombardier 1C«
Honiton 113 Blue Eye« 1C«
Vesvvlan 114 G. W. Trahern 106
Manlnmu 114 Ocyroha 1CS
Elliott 113 The Mighty MS
Stroller 112 Colonel Van ...IC3
YellowtaJl 112 Heather Honey 105
Fossil Ill Captain Forae* 1C1
Dtrtna. ....110 Romalne 1"S
Modicum 110 Suburban Quean .... 105
Nome- 110 La Figaro 105
Arcade. 110 Instructor 10K
Albula HO Leila, 102
San Nicolas ICO Tel*phon« 1C3
Royal Rcgua 100 Padua 101
Grafter 1QSI Laocooa 101
Judgs 108 Magran* 100
Beau Ormonde 1CS Gateway ICO
Stolen bases — Ganley. Francks, Kruger,
Streib Devereau^. Errors — C. Hall (3),
Francks, R. Hall, Oswald. Smith, Freeman.
Two-base hits— Frisk. Schafley. Smith. Sac
rifice hits— Delmas. Francks. First baie on
errors— Seattle 1. Oakland 3. First base on
called balls—Oft Hall Left on *«"**—
Seattle 5. Oakland 4. Struck out— By Hall 2.
by Jones 2. Hit by Pitcher— Frisk. Double
play— Ganley to Byrnes. Time of (tame. 1
hour 35 minutes. Umpire. McDonald.
Seattle "• © 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Has* h!ts 00110O111— 5
Oakland <» . O 0 4 2 0 0 0 x— 6
Base hits OOO12O11 x— fi
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Delmas. Schmidt. Errors —
Sohlartey, Byrnes. Delehanty. Van HaJtren.
Three-base hit— Ganley. Two-baK hits —
Byrnes. Francks, Schlafley. Frisk. Sacriflc*
hit?— Schmidt (2). First base on errors—
Seattle 1. Oakland 1. First base on called
balls — Oft Hughes 1. Left on bases — Seattle 3,
Oak'and 3. Struck out — By Hughes 8. by
Schmidt 3. Wild pitch — Hughes. Time of
came — 1:40. . Umpire — McDonald.
• MORNING GAME. ,
Seattle — f AB. R. H. PA.
AB. R. II. P. A- Ganley.rf 2 2 0 11
VHtn.cf 4 » o 3 0 Frnks.ss 3 112 1
Frmn.lb 4 0 1 10 0 Dnlvy.lf 4 114 0
r»lhty.3b 4 0 0 1 2Schfly,2b 4 0 13 2
Frisk, If 3 0 1 1 0 KniRr.cf 4 1 2 2 0
Sra!th.rf 4 0 12 1 Strelb,lb 3 1 0 10 0
Osxrald.c 3 0 0 2 0 Dverx.3b' 4 0 0 11
R. Hall. ss » 0 1 3 4 Byrnes.c 3 O O 4 1
Dlma«.2b 2 0 0 0 3 Jones, p 3 O 0 0 4
C.H.U.P _3_»ii_l T<kal9 S -5 7 ir -
Totals 80 0 5 24 11
Oakland—
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SUMMARY
Totals. 34 2 6 24 lo! Totals. 29 5 8 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
jjeattle 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0—2
Base hits O 0 1 0 0 2 0 2 1—8
Oakland 10 1 0 0 3 0 0 x— 3
Base hits 1 O 2 0 0 4 1 0 x— 8
AB.R. H. P.A-t AB.R. H. P.A.
VnHn.cf 4 111 OGanly.rf 4 0 13 0
Frmn.lb 4 0 0 7 1 Ftnks.mi 4 113 3
r»!nty,3b 4 0 l» 2 o Dnlevy.lf 4 1 O 4 0
Frisk. If < i) I 10 Pchf!y,2b 4 12 3 2
Smith. rf 4 0 0 10 Krugr.cf 4 110 0
L*ahy. c 4 0 0 8 1 Streib.lb 2 0 16 1
Hall. M. 4 O O 1 4 ¦r>?vrx.3b 3 0 0 3 2
Dims, *Jt> 3 12 3 ljByrnes.c 3 12 4 1
Hughes, p 3 O 2 O T. fcchmdt.p 1 O O 1 3
Both sides did some scoring in the
sixth, Seattle getting two and Oakland
three. Delehanty and I Freeman each
found the ball for one, scoring Delmas
and Van Haltren and tying the score.
Oakland, batted in three. runs in the
last half of the same inning. Francks
hit for two. Schlafiey also drove out
a two-bagger, scoring Francks. Kru
ger made a hit allowing Francks to
score, and a moment later scored him
self on a hit by Streib. Scores:
Seattle — ' Oakland —
Seattle drained the bitter cup of de
feat to the dregs yesterday, being beat
en in both the morning and afternoon
games by the Commuters at Idora
Park. Oakland thus ended the series
with the Northerners with an unbrok
en string of victories and, incidentally,
landed in first place in the race for the
baseball pennant.
The things that Lohman'a buarh did
to Hall, who twirled for Seattle in the
morning game, were almost criminal.
They batted him out of the box and
all over the lot. The slaughter ended
with Oakland six to the good, while
Seattle was forced to swallow a large,
round goose egg. The trouble started
In the v. fourth, when the home team
suddenly fell upon Hall's offerings
without mercy- Before the inning was
over four Commuters had crossed the
rubber.
The Commuters won the afternoon
gnme by bunching their hits at the
right time. They landed one run in the
first, when Dunleavy scored on a wild
pitch, and another came in the third.
Byrnes hit to left for two bags. He
was followed by Schlafley, who sacri
ficed, advancing Byrnes to third. Gan
ley swatted the sphei^i for three sta
tions, allowing Byrnes to score with
ease.
Election Day Handicap
Attracts Field of
Stake Horses.
"W. L. Pct-f W. L. Pet.
Oakland ..53 40 .57O, Seattle 45 47 .488
Tacoma ...52 40 .565 S. Fran'co.40 48 .455
L. Angeles.47 3S .553; Portland ..33 57 .367
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Stolen bases — Waldron Wbalen 2. Anderson.
Errors — Thielman.' Wheeler. Runfcle. Drennan,
Kallackey. Two-base hit — Irwln. Sacrifice
hits — Spencer, Gorton. Van Buren. First base
on errors — San Francisco 1." Portland 1. First
base on called balls — Off Thielman 2. Left on
bases — San Francisco 3. Portland 5. Struck
out — By Whalen 3, by Thielman 1. Passed ball
— Kallackey. Time of Game — One hour and
60 minutes. Umpire — Brown.
Totals. 36 2 10 24 151
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.'
Portland 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— 2
Base hits 3 1 0 2 1 "1 0 2 0—10
San Francisco ...1 0 1 3 O 00 0 x — 5
Baie bits 2 1 2 2 1 0 01 x— 9
SUMMARY.
. AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Drnan.cf 5 113 0 Hllbrd.lf 3 10 3 0
Spncr.Sb 3 0 0 3 2 IXeany.rf 4 0 0 3 1
Xafiau.lf 10 0 0 0 nvin.r.b. 4 0 3 3 3
Beck,lb. 1 1 0 0 0 VBrn.lb 3 0 0 9 0
Krug,2b. 4 0 110 v\'aldn.cf 3 0 2 10
Runkle.s. -40312 Vndsn.2b 41231
Frary.lb. 4 0 1 S 2 "Wheelr.s. 3 10 17
Kalcky.c 4 0 13 3 Gorton.c. 3 0 0 4 0
Thllmn.p 4 0 13 5 Whaln.p. 3 2 2 0 1
Butler.rf 30101
Strkls.rf 3 0 12 0 Totals. 30 5 9 27 13
Brown* said fair, and refused to be
moved by the eloquence of the two
tossers. They were sldwly removed
and a corps of pitchers had to be
thrown In to fill the vacancies.
The contest -was a rank one after
that. The Seals Jumped on Thielman
for a run in the third and four more
were enticed over in the fourth. The
Brownies had no more playing spirit
nor courage left and never seemed to
try to score after the initial period.
Gochnauer was hit in the face by
Drennan's grounder in the first inning
and may play no more ball for a week.
The score:
Portland — i San Francisco —
Dainty Is Assigned Top
Weight in Opening
Handicap.
Tom Drisccll, playing under the eyes
cf Ms fair fiancee. Miss Bacon, who oc
cupied a seat in C. W. Clark's tally-ho.
Ehowed all cf his old-time vigor and
prowess, especially in his ability to ex
tricate the ball from puzzling mix-ups
and at least delay if not prevent a
score by his opponents. He scored* the
first goal on a brilliant run down the
field aTter the ball had thrice traversed
the limit*, hovering alternately about
each goal In turn, but snatched away
Just in time to prevent being sent
through.
Early in the second period Cyril To
bln scored for the reds, followed by
one for the whites made by Driscoll.
This was not allowed, because the
player was eft side. The third period
was barren of results, the playing be
ing so even that neither side could
eccre. During this period Mr. Drtscoll
lost h'.s stick and attempted to recover
it without dismounting. He would have
performed the feat gracefully had not
ene of his epurs touched his pony at a
critical moment, causing the animal to
rear. This threw the rider to the
ground. A scream from the Clark tally
lio indicated the accident was witnessed
by at least one interested spectator, i
The next moment the horseman was on
his feet uninjured. He had to secure
another peny. as his mount had run
away. Cyril Tobin and Lawrence Mc-
Creery scored for the reds in the fourth,
La»wn for the whites and Cyril Tobin
for the reds in the fifth, while Joe To
bin made a solitary goal for the reds in
the sixth and last period. The line-up:
Whites— Thomas A. Driscoll, R. LL
Tobin and John Lawson.
Reds— Cyril and Joe Tobin and Law
rence McCreery.
The frame was spirited and strenuous
throughout ar.d was witnessed by an
unusually large gallery. A dozen autos
were en the grounds and more than a
score of smart traps. Walter Hobart.
with his foct in a bandage on account :
of a *ri"a!ned ankle, was a looker on. j
Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels occu- j
ri«"i seats in the Clark tally-ho, which
SAN MATEO, Nov. 6.— The reds won
a notable victory over the whites on the
BurlingaiEe Country Club polo field this
afternoon by a score of 6 goals to 2.
Cyril Tobin. who has developed remark
able ekm in the handling of the mallet,
•was the star performer of the game,
scoring four of the six goals accredited
to the reds. The other two were made
by hi« brother, Joe Tobin. and Law
rence McCreery, respectively.
brought a round dozen to the field. Eu
gene Murphy. Just from London, was
present. Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Ford, with
their niece. Miss Callaghan of London,
occupied a carriage. Dr. Shiels' tally
ho, with E. J. Tobln in the box,
brought a party. Including the doctor
and his wife. E. Courtney Ford and oth
ers.
Sclimidt and Jones Show Seattle Up in Both Contests
Eight Days Reiain of the Meeting at Aqnednct,
Which Is Proving Quite Successlnl. \
HALL IS EASY AND GETS BAD SUPPORT
END DRAWS NEAR OF RACING
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Cyril Tobin, Thomas A. Driscoll and Lawrence
McCreery Stars in Match at Burlingame.
COMMUTERS WADE INTO
SIWASHES TWICE AND
FORGE AHEAD IN RACE
REDS ARE VICTORS AT POLO
OJiKLJIND ASSUMES LEAD IN THE GREAT PENNANT RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7. 1904
Telephone talk is silver and political
telegrams are golden. Ng*l
11Rnrnett'a Extract of .Vanilla pre
ntn4 from a*ltct«4 Vanilla Beans. •
Judge Coffcy. has highly commended
William E. White. Vote for Mr. White
for Judge, *
Jacob Voigt,' a German 52 years. old,
employed as' a ship's carpenter, was
found dead in his room at 215 Lex-j
lngton avenue at 11:30 last ni?ht. In
dications point to suicide by gas.
Gas Kills Ship's Carpenter.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6. — Charles Baab
tailor, of 462 Crescent street, was
struck by a southbound Oakland-ave
nue electric car to-night at the Junc
tion of Telegraph avenue and Broad
way and badly cut about the heajd.
Baab stepped in front of the car while
dodging a car running in an opposite
direction. His Injuries were treated at
the Receiving Hospital.
Tailor Is Struck by Car.
Trapper'a Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay.*
Abe Anthony, a corporal on the po
lice force and a member of the de
partment since 1880, was operated on
Saturday at the City and County Hos
pital and is liable to die. Anthony
has been serving in the Police Depart
ment as a detective for the ' last ten
years, and is an Invaluable man In
finding missing people, that line of
work being his specialty.
Detective Abe Anthony HI.
No one saw the accident, and Mo
torman J.-M. Gladden was not aware
that he had struck anything until he
felt » the body hurled against his ve
hicle.; He immediately stopped A : the
car and the' police were ¦ notified.
Gladden .was arrested for ' battery,
then released on bail. t
Patrick Monahan. a wood and coal
dealer at 37 Freelon street, a small
thoroughfare off Fourth, near Bryant,
was struck by' a southbound : Fourth
street car . last . night about 9:30
o'clock and seriously injured. He
was removed to the Central Emer
gency. Hopsitah where he now lies In
a precarious condition, the . surgeons
holding out little hope " for his re
covery.
Patrick Monahan, Injured on Fourth
Street, May Not Survive. .
RUX DOWN BY AN ELECTRIC CAR
The annual meeting of the Union
Veteran Guard was held last Satur
day night at Lyric Hall. The follow
ing members were elected to office
for the ensuing term: James B. John
son, commander; Eric Llndquest, seni
or vice commander; Ezra Jones, Juni
or vice commander; Frank G.- Ed
wards, chaplain; James H. Riley. ad
jutant; Thomas Brown. surgeon;
James J. Welch, officer of the day;
Charles Colestock, officer of the
guard; board of trustees. John Mc-
Clintock. Reuben H. Brown. Thomas
Jones.
Union Veteran Guard Election.
The Rev. Father E. P. Dempsey
read "The Way of the Cross" and the
Rev. Father C. A. Ramm preached the
sermon. The members of the organi
zation reverently Joined in the way of
the stations of the cross. There was a
large congregation present. Independ
ent of the Calvarian Society.
Devotions of the Calvarian Society
were observed yesterday afternoon at
St. Mary's Cathedral, the service be
ing imposing. There was a large at
tendance of the members of the so
ciety, about 1800 taking part In the
ceremony.
Calrarian Society of Eighteen Hun
dred Members Reverently Joins
In Devotion.
IMPOSING CEREMONIES
AT ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL
For an azceUent lunch, table d'hote or a la
carte, with or without wine, vlolt Th« CUrwn
don Cafe. 543 Post »t.. opposite Olympic Club.*
The effect on the digestive organs
after using Lash's Kidney and Liver
Bitters Is truly wonderful. '' •. •
¦ The woman was a native of Ireland
and she had been an inmate of the
County Infirmary. The Coroner took
charge of the body.
Engineer Smith was arrested on a
charge of manslaughter, but was re
leased on his own recognizance.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6. — Mrs. Maria
Hayes, 70 years old, was struck at
Seventh and Castro streets at 12:40
o'clock this afternoon by a west bound
Seventh street local train and hurled
twenty feet into the air by the force
of the impact. The aged woman died
two hours later at the Receiving hos
pital. Her death was caused by shock
and injury to her lungs by the pene
tration of ribs which were fractured.
According to Thomas .Worth, a wit
ness,- Mrs. Hayes paid .no attention to
the shrill whistling from the locomo
tive and walked directly in front of
the approaching train. Engineer Bert
Smith' had seen the woman as she
started to cross Seventh street at Cas
tro, and sounded the danger signal.
Supposing that she would heed the
warning he did not ehut off steam
until it was too late. to avoid striking
the woman.* ¦ -
The injured woman was taken to
the Receiving Hospital. Dr. O. D.
Hamlin was summoned, but after ex
amination he pronounced the patient's
condition hopeless. Mrs. Hayes ex
pired before she regained conscious
ness. : ';;'' .:i« r :<-' :
Aged Woman FataUy Injured Wlille
Crossing in Front of Train..! >
FATLS TO HEED WHISTLE.
Rosetti Hicks, a cook employed at
a restaurant on Mission and Twenty
ninth streets, was the victim of a bru
tal assault at the hands of Charles
Jackson, who, with his wife, resides
In the same house with Mrs. Hicks.
The trouble which sent the Hicks
woman to the Emergency Hospital for
treatment for a broken nose and a
fractured skull had its inception over
a new hat that Mrs. Jackson accused
Mrs. Hicks of taking. When Mrs.
Jackson's husband returned to his
home his wife told her side of the
trouble. Jackson at once forced his
way into the room, where Mrs. Hicks
lay in bed and without assigning any
cause for his abrupt entry he seized
her by the feet and pulled her from
her bed to the floor, where he kicked
her head and face.
His blows broke her nose' and frac
tured her skull. She was sent to the
Emergency Hospital by Police Officer
J. A. Ryan, where Dr. Pawlicki dress
ed her nose and placed her in charge
of the matron pending observations.
Jackson was arrested and brought to
the hospital, where he was Identified
by the abused woman. He was sub
sequently booked at the City Hall sta
tion on the charge of an assault with
intent to do irrievous bodily harm.
Row Over Hat Leads to Fiendish As
sault That May Result in Death
of Mrs. Hicks.
CHARLES JACKSON BRUTALLY
KICKS HELPLESS WOMAX
The party had been visiting with
Dr. and Mrs. Collinge at their home,
1194 Ninth street, during the day, and^
shortly before 6 o'clock they started
to return to San Francisco. They
were accompanied by Dr. and Mrs.
Collinge, Miss Luella and Mr. Percy
Collins and Mrs. Rockel of Oakland
to Encinal Park station. The party
reached the station Just as the train
they had intended to take for San
Francisco pulled out and having miss
ed connections they gathered in a lit
tle crowd and crossed the track be
hind the disappearing train. Just as
they stepped on the other track an
east bound train bore down upon
them, and. before any one except Dr.
Collinge could act the oncoming train
had torn its. way through the little
party, leaving death in its track. Dr.
Collinge alone saw the approaching
train and was. able. to. drag his.daugh-:
ter from her perilous position.
The two trains meet and paes at En
cinal Park station. The -little party
paid little attention to what was hap
pening on the other track and before
they knew it the eastbound train was
upon them. Why the. party ..failed .to
see the oncoming train or why the en
gineer failed to stop when he saw
them on the track are questions that
.will have to be unraveled at the Cor
oner's inquest. When the- train . had
passed Mrs. Esseen and Mrs. Matheson
were dead, Percy Collinge had been
hurled across the street, fortunately
sustaining only a few cuts and. bruises;
Mrs. Collinge had escaped without in-
Jury and Dr. Collinge had drawn his
daughter from the track Just as the
locomotive struck her heel.
The two women who were killed' are
not known in Alameda. Mrs. .Esseen
is a widow, who resided in Los Angeles,
where she has two. children, and Mrs.
Matheson was a spiritualistic medium,'
living at 114 McAllister street, San
Francisco. Dr. Collinge is; a psycholo
gist. The party had been spending the
afternoon at his house. '
As soon as the accident happened Dr.
Collinge went . to San , Francisco to no
tify the family of. Mrs. Matheson and
he had nothing to say except that the
train that caused the. two deaths bore
down upon the little ' crowd without
warning.
Mrs. Collinge , was prostrated ; by, the
shock and Mrs. 'Rockel, who escaped
without injury, said that the whole
thing was" too horrible to ,be described.
The train was - In , charge . of i Conduc
tor E. Fielding and Engineer Dan
Quill. They refused to make any state
ment, buf thev 'will.', claim ,-that: the
passing train; hid the party from ' view
Incidental to the disaster Dr. J. E.
Collinge heroically saved the life of
his daughter, Luella. dragging her
from near the wheels of the locomo
tive.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 6. — A Southern
Pacific train of the narrow gauge
plowed into a party of people at the
corner of Ninth street and Central
avenue to-night and two women were
killed and one young man slightly in
jured. The killed are:
MRS. M. B. ESSEEN of Los An
geles. : -'J ';'<:.
MRS. M. MATHESON of 114 McAl
lister street, San Francisco.'
The young man who .was injured
is Percy Collinge of Alameda.
and that the unfortunate women
walked upon the track directly In
front of the train.
When the train plowed its way
through the little crowd it was run
ning very slowly. Mrs. Esseen and
Mrs. Matheson were in the front of the
party and were struck by the buffer of,
the locomotive. They were thrown i
across the street, their bodies being
crushed and their skulls fractured.' In'
neither case did the wheels of the train i
dismember the bodies. Deputy Coroner I
Fowler took charge of the remains and |
Coroner Mehrmann will make an in- I
vestlgation to-morrow. '
ONE OF THE WOMEN KILLED AT A PASSENGER STATION IN ALAMEDA f
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON AS SH E WAS CHATTING WITH FRIENDS.
HEEDLESS OF AX ONCOMING TRAIN FROM THE FERRY.
Arthur TV. Moore, for many years a
familiar figure in San Francisco busi
ness life, passed away at his home,
2520 Pacific avenue, yesterday morn
ing at the age of 55 years. He was
born in Boston and came to California
at an early age. He was a member
of the firm of Magee & Moore, whole
sale leathers dealers, but he was also
engaged In the stock and bond busi
ness and for many years was a mem
ber of the San Francisco Stock and
Bond Exchange. He was well known
in social circles, being a member of the
Bohemian Club and a Knight Templar.
He leaves a wife, Mrs. Annie Magee
Moore.
Edward Fitzgerald, who is said to
be a retired army major, formerly In
the quartermaster's department in San
Francisco/ was found dead In his room
at 501 Geary street at 6:20 o'clock last
night. His daughter. Mrs. Arthur
Blair of 1233 Polk street, found her
father's lifeless body. Major Fitzger
ald, who was 72 years old. had been
complaining for a week of pains about
the heart. Dr. George L. Eaton was
summoned and pronounced heart fail
ure the cause of death.
Old Soldier Found Dead.
William F. Empey died suddenly
yesterday afternoon. He had been
horseback riding and on returning
home he complained of palpitation of
the heart. A physician afforded tem
porary relief, but soon after the doc
tor's departure the patient was sud
denly stricken. Mr. Empey came from
Australia when a young man and had
been in San Francisco thirty-five years,
where he followed an active life. He
was 52 years old, was owner and pro
prietor of the Guide for twenty-two
years and a Royal Arch Mason. Ma
sons will conduct the funeral.
Publisher Dlea Suddenly.
DEATH CALLS
WELL-KNOWN
BUSINESS MAN
Mrs. Ursula Holding was arrested
In Los Angeles and brought to this
city yesterday by Detective Ed Gibson
on a charge of perjury. Her husband
and Supervisor Theodore Lunstedt
were trying to flnd Judge Fritz at an
early hour this morning in an attempt
to have her released on bail.
Arrested on Perinry Chant©.
. F.vE. Wertz was very severely in
jured. He suffered a compound frac
ture of the tibia, , besides a smashed
ankle and several deep cuts and
wounds above the leg. He was re
moved to the Park Emergency Hos
pital,, where his bones were set and
his wounds dressed. He ' suffered in
tense pain. Later in the evening he
was removed to the French Hospital.
He said. that when the explosion took
place he was standing on the back
platform. In the panic that followed
he was knocked on* ' the car by r , the
crowd and jumped upon.
Demetreus Ruboekes, after being
treated : at the Park Emergency . Hos
pital,;, was taken" to his home, 925^4
Howard street.
WERTZ'S INJURIES.
Miss Mary Richards, who also lives
at 1101 Adeline street and was with j
Miss^ Davis at the time of the accident,
added that the moment the names
burst out the people in the car seemed '
to go crazy. Pandemonium reigned j
for the time and the crowd Jumped off j
the car right and left. She was hurled
off the car In the excitement, but
escaped without injury.
Misa Delia Davis, who was thrown i
from the car, told the story of the ac- j
cldent as follows:
I was returning from a. trip to the park. I
The car stopped at Hayes street. Suddenly j
there was an explosion on the front part '
of the car, Immediately followed by a burst !
of flames which reached to the roof. I thought '
the car was on fire. A panic ensued and j
those Inside the car stampeded to gtt out. j
In- the general excitement- soma one shoved i
me to th» street; I fell to the ground wlthffl
croat force and people who . followed Jumped'
on me. I fainted and the Aiext thins I knew
I was being: carried by soni« m«i to the side
walk. Later I was removed to the office of
Dr. C. W. Card, who bandaged my foot and
did everything In his power to relieve . my
suffering. I am at present living at 1101
Adeline Street, Oakland. My home Is In
Needles, Cal.. where my father owns a large
farm. I expect It will be a long time before '
I shall be able to walk'. '
MISS, DAVIS' STORY.
Manager George F. Chapman gave
his personal attention to the case. There
was little to explain. The blowing out
of fuses Is not unusual. The fuse is a
safeguard against the dangers of a sud
den addition to the customary voltage
used to operate the line, and when one
blows out its effect is startling, but not
fraught with any danger to crew or
passengers. Had the panic been avert
ed no one would have been Injured.
When the frightened passengers had
recovered their presence of mind Miss
Davis was lying in a faint in the street,
Wertz was groaning and calling for
help as he crawled toward the curb
stone dragging his broken leg after
him, and Ruboekes "was rising to his
feet with a stream of blood dripping
from his wounded arm. He staggered
toward the grocery at the corner, where
he fell. He was picked up by bystand
ers and hurried to the office of Dr. C.
W. Card, at 502 Devisadero street. Dr.
Card took several stitches in the cut
before he could stop the flow of blood.
Miss Davis was also brought into Dr.
Card's office, where she received care
ful attention from both the doctor and
his wife. Wertz was sent to the Park
Hospital, where his injuries were treat
ed by Dr. Stevens. He was afterward
removed to the French Hospital. The
injured man is a chef at the Palace
Hotel.
In an instant there was a struggle in
the interior of the car as men and
women attempted to crush toward the
doors. Ruboekes attempted to get
through a window and punctured his
arm with a sharp piece of glass. Wertz
Jumped from the step of the car and
fifteen or twenty frantic men and wom
en fell on top of him, kicking and
struggling to clear themselves of what
all seemed to believe would be a second
explosion. Car windows were smashed
and pieces of glass were scattered all
over the street.
RESUI/T OF PAXTC.
Before the car reached the turn at
Devisadero street many of the pas
sengers got off, but there were still
about sixty on board. In accordance
with the rules of the United Railroads
a stop was made at Hayes street be
fore crossing the tracks of the cable
road. The blowing out of the fuse oc
curred when the motorman turned his
controller after getting the signal to
go ahead from the conductor. The car
had not started to move when the flash
and sharp report as If of an explosion
caused a panic among the passengers.
The glare of the fuse and the sound
of breaking glass were terrifyinjr but
not necessarily dangerous. Had the
passengers kept their seats no harm
could have come to them, but several
women who were sitting on the for
ward part of the dummy, among whom
were Miss Delia Davis and her com
panion, Miss Mary Richards, lost their
heads, screamed and made a jump for
the street.
STOPS AT CROSSING.
It was car No. 704, one of the old
Folsom street cars, transferred to the
Ellis street division on account of the
heavy Sunday traffic, that came to
grief. The big crowd from the nark
filled the car at the western terminus
of the line and it started eastward with
as many people aboard as could be ac
commodated. The motorman and con
ductor were powerless to prevent the
overcrowding. Remonstrance would
be useless with such a homeward
bound crush of passengers as that
which gathered at the park entrance
awaiting transportation toward the
city.
Four persons were Injured In a panic
that followed the blowing out of a fuse
on one of the electric cars of the Devi
sadero and Ellis streets line at Devisa
dero and Hayes streets yesterday after
noon at about 6:45 o'clock. Two of the
injured ones w^fe severely hurt and
two were slightly bruised.
Demetreus Ruboekes received a deeD
cut in the left, arm that severed an
artery and caused him nearly to, bleed
to death. F. E. Wertz of 504 Stockton
street suffered a compound fracture of
the right leg. Miss Delia Davis of 1101
Adeline street, Oakland, was slightly
bruised about the body and her ankle
was sprained. An unknown man was*
cut slightly about the hands by broken
glass, but he left the scene of the ac
cident without reporting to any of the
railroadmen. . >a.V
Miss Delia Davis and Three
Men Injured by Being Cut
by Glass and Trampled On
in the Panic That Follows
A performance of "The County
Chairman" will be given at the Colum
bia Theater to-night for the benefit of
the Girls' Club. It is expected that
the affair will be largely attended. The
patronesses are: Mrs. Leon Sloss, Mrs.
Paola de Vecchi, Mrs. I. W. Hellman
Jr., Mrs. A. Stern, Mrs. Eugene C.
Gallois. Mrs. Charles Durbrow and
Mrs. W. Lllienthal. These ladies have
worked hard to make the affair a suc
cess.
Benefit for Girls' Club.
"Sweet Clover" was played at the
California Theater last night, with Otis
B. Thayer as Jerome Holcombe and
Miss Gertrude Bondhill as L/ois Hol
combe. It is a strong play, with ten
der sentiment and broad, old-fash
ioned humor running close together.
Otis Thayer's role is a natural old
man of the rugged Yankee type, and
Miss Bondhill is first the charming
ingenue and afterward the woman,
strong In adherence to her wifely
vows. John Maurice. Sullivan made an
excellent Edredge Grosvenor and Clara
Tapsfleld was good in her role of
Abigail Holcombe. "Sweet Clover"
will continue this week.
"Pretty Peggy" entered upon Its sec
ond and last week at the Grand Opera
house last night before a crowded
house. The play was well received by
those present. Miss Jane Corcoran,
who appeared in the title role, was
warmly welcomed and scored a great
hit by the clever way in which she por
trayed the traits of the great actress.
One of the best bills offered by the
Orpheum in months opened yesterday
afternoon and will continue through
| out the week. Every number received
. deserved applause. John T. Kelly and
company are foremost in amusement.
Kelly holds the center of the stage
and his work is that of a first-class
comedian. He has a much better op
portunity than when he appeared last
in this city with the Weber & Fields
• combinations and .he takes advantage
j of every trick. He appears in an
! original sketch, "Senator McPhee,"
and is assisted by Florence Veldran,
j Hermann Lieb and Louis G. Christy.
Twelve young ladies appear in a
1 musical act, "The Navajo Girls." The
1 novelty comprises instrumental solos,
j vocal solos and dancing. All are ex
¦ cellent musicians. Reed and Shaw do
. marvelous muscular work. Both are
j strong men of a high order and intro
duce many new features in their line.
Wee Jeanle Fletcher appears as. the
i "Scottish nightingale." Her ballads
are heartily applauded and her voice is
. good.
Canfleld and Carlton furnish an
' abundance of fun in their original
absurdity, "The Hoodoo," and Wat
son, Hutchlngs, Edwards and com
pany present "The Vaudeville Ex
; change." The scheme of the act is
' complete and the combination pleases.
: Halley and Meehan open the pro
' gramme as blackface comedians with
many new specialties. Their songs and
' witticisms win them favor and they
work well , together. Owing to the
length of the programme the biograph
pictures were cut out, but the show
J is worth seeing and is sure to enjoy a
large patronage.
Gio\annoni was induced to take a
few drinks and one of the trio stole
the sack containing the $450 from his
pocket. Giovannoni protested and he
was handed a J!0 Confederate bill and
told to get out. He reported the case
to the police.
It is thought that De Graccia had
left the city. When searched a card
of a hotel at Bakersfield was found in
his pockets, also $6i> worth of Confed
erate bill?- Ryan and Taylor believe
that De Grarcia was one of four men
¦who swindled Giovanni Rossi out of
$200 during a card game near a ceme
tery on October 31. Rossi was induced
to go with them, as they offered to sell
him a vegetable garden. They got him
Into a saloon and introduced him to the
card game. Rossi will be asked to
have a look at De Graccia-
Ever since December 14 last Ryan
and Taylor have been searching for De
Graccia, who is said to be a clever
bur.ko mar- On that day it is alleged
he met Giovannoni on Broadway and
told him he knew of a vegetable garden
Xor sale. Giovannoni procured 5450 in
gold which he put in a sack and ac
companied De Graccia to the Mission
r-^ad. They went into a saloon and
were joined by two other Italians who
wtre introduced to Giovannoni as the
owners of the parden.
ii card, pointed to a man on the op
posite side of the street. The card
bore on the back a request to any po
liceman to arrest any man pointed out
by th<? bearer and it was signed by
Detectives Ryan and Taylor. De Guire
arrested th« man pointed out by Gio
vannoni, and he was locked up at the
City Prison. His name is Luigi de
Graccia.
V. Giovannoni. 29 HInckley alley, met
Policeman de Guire on Kearny street
yesterday a-fternoon' and. handing him
CONVEYANCE COMES
TO A STANDSTILL
Lui<ri de Graccia Arrested
and Will Be Charged With
Grand Larceny by Victim
j "Senator McPhee" Allows
j Him Ample Opportunity
: for Display of His Talent
Explosion on Electric Car
at Hayes Street Crossing
Eesults in Stampede of
the Frightened Passengers
SHOWS HDI TO OFFICER
KELLY IS AT HIS BEST
Fun in Plenty Provided for
Playgoers by Excellent
Programme of Vaudeville
V. Giovaiiiioni. After Eleven
Months. Finds One of Trio
That Stole His Gold Coin
FOUR HURT
WHEN FUSE
BLOWS ODT
PLUS SLEUTH
WITH SUCCESS
ORPHEUM GIVES
A CAPITAL BILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7, 1904.
Heroic Father Rescues Daughter
From Death Under Wheels.
Local Ploughs Into CrowdTM Did Not Look
ALAMEDA TRAIN KILLS
TWO WOMEN AT STATION
12
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
BQWEN I
Thanksgiving Foods
Plum pudding, layer
raisins, Smyrna figs,
sweet cider, truffles,
Italian chestnuts,
currants, citron, gla-
ce fruits, boiled cider,
marrons glace, cran-!
berries, sweet pickled
figs, mince meat," Ger-
man potatoes, salted
nuts.
Sonday Tuesday Wednesday
Creamery Butter 45 i
New grass flavor, 2 lb sq, full weight j
Eg2,S— Cold Storage doz 27# i
Good for cooking
Tea— Mandarin Nectar 45 j
Papular blend of three teas, reg'ly 63c !b
Coffee- Pasha blend 27^
You'll like it, reg'ly 35c Ib
Sardines-Lazeran 27#
Boneless, reg'ly 30c Ige can
Pine Apple-Hawaiian 20
Sliced, grated, reg'ly 25c can
Good, pu're spices |
are essential for
mince meat ingredi-
ents. Buy here.
Macaroni-imported 12?£
Also spaghetti, letters and numbers
reg'ly 15c Ib
French Peas-Extra fins, d & G 25
Sweet petits pois, reg'ly 80c can 2.75
Corn-Arcade 12%
This seasons pack, big cut from 1 .4' '
former price $1.75 doz
New Baby Kernel Corn, Oneida
Community," this year's pack, par-
ticularly fancy 20 can, doz $l.2h
Lard-SeaFoara Sib 35, 5Ib55, 101b$l
Pure leaf stock, reg'lv 40c 65c fl.25 can
Rolled Oats and Wheat pkg 10
University, clean fresh stock
Direct from Aden — four
year old Mocha coffee, finest
produced, 10 lb pockets,
green or roasted, each $4.
Whisky-<5 b & Co. 3 for 2
Sweet Mash, reg'ly II bot, $4 gal 3 GO
O K Bourbon
Scotch Whisky-D c l 1.15
Highland Nectar, reg'ly $1.50 bot
Port-Sherry, Madeira . 75
Imported sweet wines, reg'ly 3.00
$1 bot, H ga!
Gin-Wynand Fockink •* 1.25
Stone jug or large black bot, reg'ly $1.50
Claret-V Zinfandel 40
Choice table wine, reg'ly 60c gal
Cherries in Marasquin 45
Durand-for cocktails punch reg'ly50cqt
j California Wines
Upon orders taken
in No v cm b errand
December, to be de-
livered up to New
Years, WE PAY THE
FREIGHT, that is we
will deliver from the
New York warehouse
at catalogue prices,
charging no freight
from here to New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT&Co. O'CONNOR, MOFFATT&Co,
We are showing the season's
newest, most exclusive styles
in all the cloths
French and English Broadcloths
The finest weaves in all the latest shades of champagne, tan. brown.
wide f ff f ?;. f f?f f! f . n . d . T. 11 . 1 *?; 5 . 4 . !"?^?T $2.00, $2.50, $3.00 yard
Amazon Cloths
X very large assortment of ail the new shades In English Amazon
Cloths. All-wool, well finished and an excellent wearing C1 en V7 . rr l
fabric for Tailor Suits. 50 inches wide .J»i~JV JTtu u
Covert* Cloth
Superb quaJlty heavy English Covert Cloth. In the stylish Tan shades.
This material is extensively used for the new Corset Jack- Ci V7irrl
ets. 52 Inches wide JI.3V VOTa
Mixed Cheviots and Coverts
The correct cloth for golf and short walking skirts for winter wear:
in mixed shades of brown, gray and blue. 64 inches wide. . C| QQ yjjTQ
English Corduroys
Best quality sllk-flnished velvet Corduroys. In the wide cord: for street
wear; all the leading colors of navy blue, brown, green, drab. C1 f)f\ V7)1*f1
mode, black and cream,' 22 Inches wida + ltW J ui u
? Domestic Department J nderwear
DAMASK CZiOTHS— Men's Heavy Aas-
10 patterns bleached, all-linen, bordered
Table Cloths, good strong quality. 2x2% trail an Wool
yards. 82.OO- 2x3 yards *2.KO ¦¦
Full size Napkins to match, doz. .$2.25 Shirts and Draw-
nafkiks — , ers> natural color;
All-linen, fine, heavy; bleached, full size
Dinner Napkins, in pretty and neat de- size 30 to SO
signs. Dozen S2.5O S1.5O
LOOM DAMASK — " ' " *
Strong, all-linen loom Table Linen. "Will -V
bleach quickly 5Oc Men s Heavy Aas-
huck TOWELS— tralian Wool
Soft, heavy, all-linen Huck Towels, hem- cu:-*. ,^j t>
med and hemstitched, white and red bor- Snirts and L»raw-
ders. Dozen 83.00 ers, scarlet; 34 to
TABLE ICTBH- .g 91.75
Extra good grade, pure Linen, satin-fin-
ished, full 72 Inches wide. In choice pat-
terns. Tard Sl.OO Ladies' Heavy Aus-
BLAirxsTS — tralian Wool
California white Wool Blankets, medium ,. ' _
weight: size for % beds, pink and blue bor- Vests and Pants;
ders. Each 83.75 scarlet; sizes 34
CURTAINS — tn aa 81 5O
The largest and best assortment we have lu ** v * v
ever shown. All new patterns In white
and ecru, Nottingham, colored Madras and T . . , „
corded Arabian. Pair 83.OO Ladies Heavy
bath TOWEliS — Fleeced Cotton
Full size bleached and unbleached hemmed Vests and Pants
Towels. Each 25c ... .. «, A '
1 ft ankle length.. 50c
I (§&******,>.
the city you can shop %m>^ tVfl*- <£-JL "•
were here In person. vrfS^**?^
Our Mail Order De- v^ » 8 % IPf |,» »| ,^11 *T^
partment is perfectly y —- X
equipped to adequate-
ly serve the wants of 111 tO 121 POSt Street.
distant dwellers. ;;;, 4 - -,
AI>vERTTST^vn^>rr&.
I World's ft .
Record Mflf^AC
BreaKing* 1> AV*tu3
Dinner Sets
China
Crockery
Glassware
Ornaments
Prices never so cheap
Need the room
for
New Holiday Goods
Come early
just to look.
Great Americas Importisg Tea Ca.
Money Saving Store.
!861 Market 213 Sutt-r 1119 Polk
140 Sixth 1819 r>#vlsader© T05 Larkln ¦
475Hal*ht 300« Sixteenth U- „. El
3285 Mission 821 Mont«*y *?• Mar'"»t I
2008 Flllmor* 2518 ills* Ion <469*Fourth rj
368 Third 2T32 24th 2O8 Third g|
¦fe> Eyeglasses (U
-j It Moderate Cost }\
V 642 St
The quantity of the food taken is not
the measure of its nourishment. The
quality is what counts. Many babies
take large quantities of food and get a
small amount of nourishment. Mel-
lin's Food babies take a small quan-
tity of food and get a iiroeainou?-'
of nourishment. Send for cut book
" Mellin's Food Babies."
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.